I want another tattoo already...its only been since saturday.... 
i want another tattoo so badly 
I want Ashley to come in Paris !! 
i want back to school 
I want bbq pao 
I want beansprout 
i want bekaface to come online 
i want Blink 182 
I want boys to write love poems for me 
I want brad to come back 
i want bre... 
i want britney to record this song http://bit.ly/164SXt  i hear its a demo for her but she didnt record it 
I want Brooklyn Pizza, but I don't wanna walk there 
I want brownies like nobodies business. But no brownies for me. 
i want Caesar Saladddddd.. hueeehh. 
I want candy floss 
I want candy now and it's almost 11 here!   what do I do??? LOL http://tinyurl.com/r6r637
I want candy!   #fb
i want candy!!! 
I want cereal but I have no milk. 
i want cereal, but my godfather is asleep in the living room which is next to the kitchen  don't wanna be rude, but so hungry!
i want change handphone ! 
i want Charlie the unicorn's crazy friends to take both my kidneys about now. soo much hurt. 
i want chinese food 
I want chinese food from fu sing 
I want chipotle 
I want chocolate! 
i want chocolateeee 
i want cold stone 
I want comfort food 
i want dairy queen 
I want die .. :'( why they hurts me? ...they don't care what i do  .
i want Domino's pizza. but they dont deliver to my house and my mums car's not working. fabulous! 
I want donny fontain 
I want dopamine  
I want Drew 
I want everyone to know that Sam is bossy and his Nana cant even hold me or he throws a fit 
i want exams to be overrrrrr  haven't revised for exam tomorrow... agh.
I want FFXII really bad, I never got a chance to play it. 
I want food! 
I want food, cigarettee and a toliet 
i want food, more more food! 
I want food... 
I want freakin Colonnas 
i want french toast and bacon 
I want gladiater heels  Is that stupid? 
I want go home... 
i want him back    i thought you said this would be easy,,, its not.
I want him to call 
I WANT HOME!!!!  @Gezzi @ReturnofthaMatt
I want Ian C. back! &lt;cry&gt; 
i want ice cream 
i want ice cream  there's a whole litre of the really good stuff in the freezer but i can't have any yet...
I WANT ICE CREAM AND I CANT HAE IT CUZ I CANT HAVE SUGAR  DAMN BEING LOW ON VITAMIN D. GUESS ITS A FRESH FRUIT MAYBE A PEACH FOR ME
I want ice cream but my fatness is telling me to hold off. 
i want ice cream now but i dnt think i can eat it today 
i want ice cream! 
I want ice cream.. but I'm so cold 
I want ice cream... and cookies 
i want icecream, but it hurts muh toof!  
I want internet on my phone !  xx
I want it to b 7 already so I can c my seniors  especially a specific senior
I want it to be 5 already 
I WANT IT TO BE JUNE 4 ALREADYYY!!!! i dont want to study math 
I want it to be november 14th already... 
i want it to be prom againnnn! 
i want it to be recess already 
i want it to be the weekend again 
i want it to be thursday already 
I want it to be Tuesday so I can go to the beach. 
i want it to stop raining 
i want kaiyaeve 
I want Left 4 Dead 2!! Looks amazing - and gory! Only for XBox or PC though  http://bit.ly/525Et
i want lines vines and trying times but i cant get it..  maybe if i beg my mom enough illl get it! @jonasbrothers congrats on the new cd!
i want loads of things...for my birthday...but i know i cant get... 
I want london back 
i want long hairrrr! 
i want luna bars like now 
i want lunch. and bed. and cookie. sleep? my tummy hurts. 
i want mario kart and guitar hero on wii 
I want Matt to answer the phone.  But he's probably still at Dylan's.
I WANT MCFLY HERE AND LIKE NOW  WATCHING VIDEOS AND FEELING REALLY DEPRESSED :'(
I want me lg cookie to get back in stock so cw can get it dispatched! I have no patience 
I want Miiiiiiiiiiiiilk! DAMN! 
i want miles to go, but i don't have the money 
I want mom to put on BOLT again. I liked that movie, but it made me look a bit lazy. I wanna solve crimes and save Penny TOO, you know! 
I WANT MONDAY NOW!! 
I want more adidas 
i want more fairy bread 
I want more followers  It'd be funs....
I want more followers. 
I want more follwers 
I want more food 
i want more Glee   wtf  no more episodes 
i want more gummy worms 
I want more TF2 unlocks. 
I want my &quot;Sure Sild&quot;  Can't find theeem. (&quot;Sure Sild&quot; is Norwegian for sour herring, but It's candy, not fish xD)
i want my baby back 
I want my baby to be at my side now 
I want my baby to feel better as soon as possiblee. 
I want my bed. Used all my energy at break 
i want my bike's fixed    so tired of riding. my legs are ger hurts and i'm feel like hell
i want my black/pink yeezys. 
i want my blackberry back 
I WANT MY BOO!!!  HE NEVER CALLED BACK SO WE COULD CELEBRATE MY GRADUATION!! 
I want my braces off 
i want my brother to come home from the cinema.. i miss him 
i want my burrito 
i want my camera back 
i want my camp! &gt; its darn unfair to do this you noe! 
I want my Capital Summertime Tickets - one week to go 
i want my car back 
I want my car to transform!!!!! 
I want my cd 
I want my chicken 
I want my childhood summers where I could read all day every day back. 
I want my cupcake 
i want my dark brown hair back 
I want my dinner.  - http://tweet.sg
I want my dog back 
I want my dog to feel better.  
i want my dr feel good McLean cause i dont feel good 
I want my dvd  It better be there when I check the mail before my 9:30 class tomorrow! Then I can watch it in my free line 
i want my franny back 
I want my google voice to port my Canadian number over already 
I want my HAARP Live at Wembley dvd back 
I want my hair back 
I want my hair to be how it used to.  I shouldn't have used that toner. Gaah.
i want my hair to be looooong again! 
I want my happily ever after. I want a fairy tale ending. I want.. everything I thought I had. 
I want my hips done. 
I want my internet back 
I want my iPhone now 
I want my iphone now.  
I want my iPhone OS 3.0  
i WANT my ipod to work again! 
I want my jammies 
i want my kiddo already 
I want my kitten to come home 
I WANT MY LAPTOP BACK 
i want my life back 
I want my life back. 
I want my lolliday  tomrw hv to wake up early fr Mahathir aiyooooo ~_~
i want my long hair back! 
i want my mac back... 
i want my mom to come home so she can get mcdonalds for me  i am starving
I want my mom... 
I want my new hoodie to come  IT'S TAKING FOREVER.
I want my new phone for me, I have now is the blackberry of my breast 
I want my New York Football Giants. Sundays just aren't the same w/o them 
I want my old hair back, it was easier to straighten 
I want my old user name 
I want my own apartment, just can't afford it 
I want my own bed 
I want my own cute EMO bisexual slave boy! 
i want my own dog, it's also very cold in here and no one is in 
I want my own lucas scott. Seriously. I want someone like him or edward or something 
i want my packaged to ship  grr
I want my paintball gun now ! 
I want my palm now 
I want my phone back. I need my files and contacts. 
i want my phone! 
i want my phoneee 
i want my phoneee back. haha 
i want my psp back. 
i want my Robbie wobbles 
I want my sheep back 
I want my stuff. 
i want my tea 
I want my vacation soon... really need a bit of peace, no proofs, no teachers and no school. NEED SLEEP WELL! Oh gosh. 
i want my very own gu jun pyo 
i want my virginia beach hoodie back but kristen collins has it and i never see her. 
i want my voice back 
i want my wendys!!!!! 
I want new Dr. Who episodes 
i want new glee episodes. now. 
I want new myspace friends  even though i never go on there haha
I want news 'bout Girlicious!  teste de histÃ³ria amanhÃ£ damn! u_u
I want Nick @Jonasbrothes' green converse  x
I want noms 
i want nothing personal to come out sooner 
I want off NOW!! 
i want one of my pictures to be good enough to be explored on flickr 
I want one of the new iPhones...but my 3g is only 4 months old!  
i want one of those &quot;verified account&quot; things on my page 
I want Oreo. 
I want oreos 
I want oreossss 
I want outside cuz it's dark....teasing my cousin isn't as entertaining. 
I want pancake's 
I want PAPPY all to myself today  If thats where he wants to be, I shall follow. Kinda selfish to make this day about me. But tomorrow....
I want pasta and can't be bothered to make it. sigh. Oh, revision's going crap btw. 
I want penne.     I guess I have to live off of TUNA.
I want people to stay where they are....... and never leave!  
I want pizza sooooo much!!! I had to go to my sis's moving on ceremony didn't I!!!! The stupid video had pizza....... 
i want pizza! yum that would be good. but ill be a good girl and eat an apple. NAWTTT. burrito . i miss him 
I want pizza, but no place is open!  
i want polaroid! 
I want PSN friends  I have 1, lol. I am also going bed, gonna see Transfomrers 2 tomoz, YAY!
I want Pushing Daisies back already   It was my warm cup of cocoa on a rainy day.
I want ranch on my pizza  .
I Want Revenge scratched the morning of the Derby  Oh well someone else better win convincingly today so the Preakness is exciting
I want Rhythm Heaven  not fair at all!!
I want run about singing Wham! Rap today. But I'm at work 
i want ryan to visit me on my breaks this weekend 
I want salad....but I have no dressing 
i want sam ronson 
I want see you Miley Cyrus 
I want sims 3 
I want Sims 3 so badly 
i want sims3 
i want sleep.....but at work......  
I want some Buko Juice. 
i want some candy 
i want some candy.. 
I want some catfish 
I want some chinese  its all your fault Tyler!
I want some chocolate and alex wont go get me any 
I want some chocolate milk 
I want some coffee or either ice cream, but I already used up all my calories for the day   Diets fucking suck! Instead I had egg whites
I want some coke, chocolate, and bread  Too sick to go out and sneeze on everyone. I hate being ill.
I want some easy mac 
I WANT SOME FREAKING CHOP STICKS  @molliesays should go get me some.
I want some fries from McDonalds. Im so hungry 
I want some Game Fuel but I can't find any. 
i want some GANO 
I WANT some Hellz Bellz. Someone help me! 
I want some ice cream (again because I have really yet to get some) but I am currently car less so I can't go get any. 
I want some Ice cream.......next week AVENTURA i will miss those guys  I LOVE THEM
I want some icecream. This sucks 
i want some more cake  why did you take it all to your parents :'( why did you go to your parents... you could have come back...
I want some new followers  nobody loves me... lol For real I'm a newbi on here... I need some followers!!!
I WANT SOME OREOS..........................   SO SAD
I want some pinkberry but I on my way to lunchieeee @ Phillipe but I really want some Pinkberry! I guess I'll wait 
I want some pizza 
I want some real twitter friends..... 
i want some sunlights 
I want some tea but I'm out  Ah well, bedtime.
I want somebody else to be awake now 
I want somebody to take me to red lobster like now  lol or I'm will do take out
I want someone to @ me!  No one (except Elizabeth) ever tweets me!  
i want someone to cuddle with right now. 
i want someone to make me cakes 
I want someone to take a nap with. 
i want someone to watch saw 4 with me 
I want something really good for breakfast but can't think of anything 
i want something to do, but my foot has a huge bump under it from last night and it's hard to walk  oh this summer's off to a good start.
I WANT STARBUCKS... no money 
i want strawberry milkshake!!!!! 
I want sugar!   &lt;||Bethany&gt;
i want summer back 
I want sunshine..its almost weekend and its getting colder 
I want sushi for lunch- but my spot is too far from work  Maybe tonight...
I want sushi!! 
I want sushi... 
i want suuuuuun!  / wedding to day, excited to seee celee. &lt;33
I want Sweet Berry Bliss's frozen yogurt. Too bad it's only in Long Beach. 
I Want Taking Back Sunday's New Album... Listening To It On YouTube Because I Can't Go Out Today  Damned Junior Cert... xo
i want that punchdrunk panda laptop bag 
I want that puppy  http://twitpic.com/7uk8l
I want the 3GS *cry* but after buying a new SUV im waaaayy too broke  this sucks
I want the '99 Alice in Wonderland on DVD. It was soooo good and I haven't seen it in forever 
I want the beachhhh agh work 
I want the blackouts new single for the B-sidesss but nowhere around here is gonna get itinn 
i want the blu-ray edition of Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children  Had a great class today in Eleclit 
I want The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas on DVD. But apparently it's very sad. 
I want the chowmein and shrimps that I got from Spring Rolls (Go) but they don't make the same kind at the resto 
i want the clothes i ordered 
I want the cute kid from Birminham to win, but I don't think he's going to  #bgt
i want the feeling of summer vacation 
i want the gloomy weather back. it's too hot 
i want the htc dream or the htc magic, now ! 
i want the iPhone 3.0 software 
I want the new 3.0 for my blackberry 
I want the new album from Bring me the horizon &quot;Suicide season&quot; and IÂ´m so broke... Damn 
I want the new album of the Jonas!!!!!   why the life is so hard???? 
i want the new album so bad!! but i cant get it today... 
I WANT THE NEW CD OF JONASSSS 
I want the new cd of the jonas 
i want the new GG episode already 
I want the NEW homepage..  why does it take me back to the old one?
i want the new iphone 
I WANT THE NEW IPHONE  and i dont even have the old one. ugh. stupid nokia phone.
i want the new iphone - its not fair  - im saddend by this
I want the new McFly's DVD so bad 
I want the New Moon book soo badd  i have to read it. i &lt;3 twilightt. Taylor Lautner is FIT
I want the new Palm Pre!! But it's sold out valleywide 
I want the old Charlotte back 
i want the pink burberry brit perfume 
I want the Sims 3  So i can play it for a couple of weeks, get bored of it, and go back to WoW.
i want the sims 3  stupid indian man killed my dream.
i want the sims 3 but i haz no money just like i haz no cheezburger... 
I want The Sims 3 game! 
I want the Sims 3 too 
I want the sims 3.... 
I want the thunder and lightening back  ..
I want the trade winds to come back!!! It's so hot and humid I can't sleep 
I want the update out  I heard we have to wait until 2:00pm (CST)
I want the white Iphone 3g S 
i want this car   damn my mate is so lucky to have it  http://twitpic.com/808lb
I want this crap day to be over with! 
I want this for my cats! Too bad shipping is so expensive  http://tinyurl.com/dn8s7e
I want this guy soo badly 
i want this handle: @shankarganesh 
i want this house  http://tinyurl.com/cl7yx6
I want this shoe !! Not Rated Women's Jammin Jelly Flat - and its out of stock everywhere 
I want to act again... 
i want to annoy this person soooo bad. 
i want to apply for a job to write at cracked but i don't think i'm funny enough. weird maybe but not funny 
I WANT TO BACK OUT OF KOREA 
i want to be 15  just a few days til my birthday wooohooooooooo !! love yall soooo D
I want to be a no call no show tomorrow, but I won't 
I want to be a photographer on a journalism team at TwiCon, but I don't have a good enough camera.  http://migre.me/1USl
I want to be a pirate  MAN THE RIGGAN! I'd be great.
I want to be a Real Housewives of Dallas, Texas..... Oh ya! I got Know Money, No Drama, I guess that counts me out. 
i want to be a wizard 
I want to be anywhere but here... job hunting not going so well 
I want to be appealing.  
I want to be asleep  grrr
I WANT TO BE AT BAMBOOZLE. 
I want to be at Glasto 
i want to be at glastonbury 
I want to be at JavaOne next year!!!  need to find a way to fund it...mmmm!!
I want to be at MK  If only I could drive and had a car.
I want to be back in the bell center watching paramore and no doubt rock out 
I want to be back in the park again 
I want to be banned, except for the t-shirt thing. Feel like I should refund everyone their money and fuck of. 
i want to be better so i can ENJOY summer. when your sick no one wants to be around youu 
I want to be BIG but I dont have enough food 
I want to be creepy on omegle but I'll just end up freaking myself out 
i want to be famous and have lots of followers  haha â™¥ its so mean- cos i cant sing, too embarrased to act and cant model  mean â™¥
I want to be happy with him, but I have a feeling he is finding his happiness with someone else... I LOVED HIM... He was MY cuddle bug... 
i want to be in a club right now...getting fucked up!! 
I want to be in bed 
i want to be in bed cuddling  booo.
I want to be in Camp Rock 2.. 
I want to be in Dallas 
i want to be in dallas   i want see the jonas again   pleeeease @jonasbrothers come back to brazil
I WANT TO BE IN DALLAS MORE THAN EVER RIGHT NOW! 
I want to be in love....... 
i want to be in new jersey right now 
I want to be in pittsburgh. 
I want to be norrrmalll so I don't have to wake up at 5 
I want to be on mobile for Twitter! 
I want to be on twitter trends as #senthil_is_a_douche, so I'm going to make some controversial tweet next, please vote for me 
I want to be out in the sunshine getting better rather than stuck here 
I want to be outside! 
I want to be pennywise the clowwwwnnn 
I want to be pretty  i don't feel pretty and i know i'm not beautiful.
I want to be sleeping but moesha is sooo good right now  hahhaaaahaaaa ftl.
i want to be the exception. i don't want to be the rule. 
I want to be the tank 
i want to be trendy 
I want to be what I was when I wanted to be what I am now 
I want to be with the one I know 
I want to become vegetarian, It's going to be so hard! 
I want to bowl. 
I want to bring a laptop to the training. That way, it's a lot more bearable. 
i want to buy LA Candy and i want lauren to sign it but i cant go to NYC or other places because im going to south africa  sooo sad
I want to buy lady gaga revenge before I leave for California but my mom won't let me  I want is so bad!
I want to buy Sims 3! But I know I'd only waste my life on it. 
i want to buy the radio:active dvd but all of the ones i find are only region 2  someone please help me find the right one
I want to buy this great album but unfortunately i dont hav enuff funds  its &quot;long time noisy&quot;
I want to call out of work so bad. Not happening 
i want to call to selena but i dont live in usa 
I want to change my picture!!!... But I don't have appropriate thing. 
i want to changee my picturee..but it neever works!! 
i want to chicken out.... 
I want to CHILL!!! NOW!!!! 
I want to come up from the floor into a ring of fire 
i want to convince my best friend to start dancing hiphop but he doesn't want to 
I want to cry  ill never drink so much again
I want to cry at how busy the mall is  dnw to work
I want to cry, all day  
i want to cry. i keep putting books into the boxes but the bookshelves are still packed. i want to cry.  
I want to curl up in my bed and phone chat with another till hours unknown. 
I want to dedicate Band of horses&quot; Noones goin to love you&quot; to someone.... 
I want to desperately go lay out today... for the first time all summer 
I want to die.  I still love louis..
i want to die...the love of my life is not well 
I want to do something really awesomely fun tonight, but instead I have to research for Chemistry coursework. 
I want to do something today besides wash my work clothes in preparation for work at three...I live a sad life. 
I want to do something tonight 
I want to do something.. .anything!!!! Bored of being stuck in this dam hole i call my life 
I want to do the bike ride now  maybe next year!
I want to do this! But I don't have a webcam...    http://bit.ly/vocuv
I want to download &quot;the final countdown&quot; off itunes but it's not working this morning 
I want to download TwitterBerry on my BB but it's not working    and I don't why the download doesn't work. Any ideas ?
I want to draw again  I kind of have an art block. the most stupid think you can ever experience.
I want to drink beer 
I want to eat a bagel with cream cheese without having to go to the bathroom after 
I want to eat Mangoes &amp; Pizza. I miss Pizza. 
i want to eat pizza , tacos or something like that!! but im on diet 
i want to eat something gooood, like chocolate muffins or cookies or candy..... 
I want to eat too 
i want to eat. 
I want to fall asleep, but I have to read! And I have to wake up at 5am 
I want to fangirl over The Vintner's Luck  I'm reduced to posting on the IMDB forums *rolls eyes*
I want to feel good and back to normalll 
I want to fell in love  I was in love so long ago and just once.. I'm going to feel like a snow white queen
i want to fly in the sun.. itï¿½s raaaaaining the hole day  
i want to follow andy samberg on twitter i cant find him!!! 
I want to free like them  Wheen?
I want to get back into bed. Its so crappy out 
i want to get back to dancing...but im intimidated of other dancers...im not getting any younger 
I want to get lunch in #barharbor but no one is responding to me.. 
I want to get my hair cut sooo bad.  
I want to get my mom a bowling pin for her birthday when we go bowling tomorrow, but it's 12.99 + tax, and I don't have the money. 
i want to get out of san diego for a few days. dunno where to go though.... 
i want to get out of this place!!!!!  ill be happy whwn i finaly get out of this place!
I want to get the chip on my Mac sorted out but I don't want to lose it for several days 
I want to go and see a doctor about Walter, but he only appears every now and then and I bet he won't be there when I'm in the Drs. 
I want to go and sit outside in the sun, NOT be looking for jobs - rubbish situation, fabulous weather. 
i want to go back  oh france, je t'aime.
I want to go back to bed   I can't wait to leave for SF!
I want to go back to bed and stay home today 
I want to go back to Chicago now 
I want to go back to E3. 
I want to go back to LA...I really miss it 
I want to go back to Moalboal.  http://plurk.com/p/xtt7q
i want to go back to my beeeed 
I want to go back to school. I don't like this one bit 
i want to go back to sleep!  SAT in an hour and prom later! :p
I want to go back to sleep! 6am+ wake up time for a term break is an ungodly hour 
i want to go back to sleep. but i'm scared  because i slept all day &amp;&amp; had NOTHING BUT NIGHTMARES!! fuck nightmares :'(
I want to go back to sleep. It would be nice to have someone to bury myself into.  I hope I will have that again soon...
i want to go back to vegas... 
I want to go backpacking across europe before going to college.. but can't see how that'll happen 
I want to go biking with my brothers 
I want to go but I need money  http://worship.cfni.org/
I want to go dancing. I've haven't for so long, I think I might have forgotten how to 
I want to go for a bike ride!  Too bad I have to work 
I want to go get pizza tonight , but I seem pathetic going alone 
I want to go home alreadyyyy 
I want to go home and go back to sleep 
I want to go home and I can't because I have a stupid meeting back at school 
I want to go home and play animal crossing 
I want to go home but none of my friends will get up 
I want to go home plssss. 
I want to go home SO bad right now 
I want to go home.  That and if you could die of stomach hurts I think I would have died long ago.
I want to go home.  Work fails!
I want to go home. Everything hurts 
I want to go HOME. I'm sick of working with these guys. 
I want to go home.. I'm actually bored.  sorry, guys.
I want to go homeee. 
I want to go hooooome.   #fb
I want to go on an Egyptian cruise.  Stupid school always getting in the way.
i want to go on holiday to somewhere very hot 
I want to go on the computer but my brother's are on both of them 
I want to go out  But nobody is taking me out... boohoo... 
I want to go out and jog right now but my parents would tell me it's too late  HOLY CRAP I MISS MY BABY WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY TOO MUCH..
I want to go out but I don't feel well, my throat hurts and I feel a bit dizzy~ 
I want to go out but the weather is not good 
I want to go out in the sun but have no garden and all my playmates are busy  will welcome any suggestions of outdoor activities!!
I want to go out right now...why doesnt anyone live around me 
I want to go out this is so unfair 
i want to go out tonight, but i ain't go no money and no one to go with   any takers???
I want to go outside and play in the sunshine, but I have to sit in front of a computer all day   At least I can have lunch on the patio!
I want to go paint pottery  someone take me.
I want to go pick up my check but it's raining 
I want to go play in the rain.. Just swing on the swing while the rain is pouring down.. too bad im still sick 
I want to go see @glorianatheband on tour and maybe even Kelly Pickler, but I don't believe I can sit through a Taylor Swift concert. 
I WANT TO GO SEE DANE COOK IN DALLAS ON THE 19TH 
I want to go see Drag Me To Hell tonight. But no one to go with 
I want to go see MGMT for my birthday. Did anyone see the MTV Movie Awards? No love for Slumdog 
i want to go see my new house 
i want to go see saving aimee but kathryns on holiday  who can i go with!?
I want to go see 'the boat that rock' but I've got no one to go with 
i want to go see the nunes SO bad. i'm not sure if i have the money though 
I want to go see Transformers 2 tonight!  wwtttffff?!
I want to go see Wicked again. Can't believe I couldn't see Kerry Ellis before she left 
I want to go shooting. Why the hell won't my iTunes open 
I want to go shopping but i just went yesterday! 
I want to go shopping tomorrow, but I have to work  Buy me things, you know you want to!
I want to go shopping! There are so many private sale here in paris!! But i have to study first 
I want to go shoppinggggggg 
i want to go stand out in the storm i love thunder storms this one is not very bad 
I want to go swimming 
I WANT TO GO SWIMMING! 
I want to go swimming, but the guy next door is home.  had a FANTASTIC day yesterday. It couldn't have been better.
I want to go swimming. 
i want to go swimming.  damn our pool for not being open.
I want to go to a free acoustic FTSK set..  lmfao. but still @ Caitlins home from the mall I'll be home in a bout and hour maybe churchy?
I WANT TO GO TO A RAVE,BUT IM ONLY 13, AND NONE EVER HAPPEN IN BELLINGHAM. 
I want to go to Africa to play with MY elephants so badly.  In the meantime I guess I'll just watch NEMO!
i want to go to america  like this saturday
i want to go to america NOW! i dont want to wait another month 
i want to go to america!! its not fair 
I want to go to Angus &amp; Robertson to buy &quot;Along for the Ride&quot;, sadly, I think I'll have to wait until tomorrow. 
I want to go to bed. But i want to go for a walk. But its too cold. But i can't go to bed until 2 (another 2 long hours) 
i want to go to bocum tottal to see lostalone, but have no passport  dam you poorness 
i want to go to CALIFORNIA sooooo bad... but no one wants to go. 
I want to go to college! 
I want to go to Disney World and meet Mickey!  But no by plane, it scares me!
I want to go to Florida  I love it there
I want to go to Ikea! 
I want to go to irvine already  Still a little paranoid.. Love my dad!
i want to go to knotts 
i want to go to korea 
I want to go to Los Angeles... 
I want to go to Madrid NOW!  I don't wanna work Mon and Tues 
I want to go to Mc Donalds because I want an M&amp;M McFlurry but it's raining. Stupid storming Florida. 
I want to go to NY now! 
I want to go to oxygen  ..right im gonna try save up Â£200!
I want to go to sleep  but am wide awake! 
I want to go to sleep but youtube is being slow 
I want to go to sleep. I should probably workout instead. 
i want to go to that thing in Dorans tomorrow. and metro station. and the hsr ep release. and snakes hate fire. etc. 
I want to go to the @sfzoo 
I want to go to the beach but it will be dark soon and it's cold  Oh well, Orkney soon! Plenty of beaches there
i want to go to the campfire but auntie is sick.  lame. this means keith urban live dvd. which is also kinda lame. my life is laaaamesauce
I WANT TO GO TO THE CIRCUS...no one will go with me 
i want to go to the con in the morn but doing it would be bad for me moneywise for the rest of the fortnite. 
i want to go to the jonas brothers concert, but a cant  very very upset.  
I want to go to the Jonas Brothers show here in Brazilll 
I want to go to the library, but it's too stinking hot out to ride 
I want to go to the little comets house party since it's free &amp; I'm pretty sure it's like 2 seconds away from my sisters but i'm 14. 
i want to go to the live tour now  haha
i want to go to the red house tonight 
I want to go to the Taylor Swift Keith Urban concert soooo bad! I need to go! But it's too late now to get the tickets cheep... 
I want to go to the wolverine movie! my bf went last night with his guy friends and now i have to go all  alone  anyone want to join me?
I want to go to thurso again now  home really is NO fun at all  booo. Super fed up  x
i want to go to titp soo bad! 
i want to go to we the kings 
I want to go vacation : ] so,i wanna play bon voyage 
I want to go visit my friends in different states and different countries akshav 
I want to go, but I don't want to leave you. 
I want to goto sway sway clip on Saturday  tear. Ex oh
I want to have a haircut but where are the less decent places to cut hair in Tawau? 
I want to have chit chat with him 
i want to have my beef with ginger and onion, but it's too late   i'll have it for brekkie instead...lol
i want to have the AKOMISMO dog tag 
i want to have thin thighs. 
I want to heal a broken heart, not my own, and I don't know how. 
i want to hear the 40 principales !!! but i can't 
I want to hear ur voice @DavidArchie,, but I can't do it now 
I want to hold baby oliver already!! And no contractions today    man i cant wait!
I want to hold my boy   http://twitpic.com/68ram
i want to hug someone 
I want to invite my parents to my home,but my wife don't agree with me  
I want to jail break it *cry* 
I want to Jailbreak my iPhone 3G so I can use it when I am back in/with a UK simcard... too scared it goes wrong. 
i want to jailbreak my iphone 3GS ! 
I want to join but i live in michigan 
i want to just crawl back into bed. i want to just go home and be done w/all this. im so tired/crabby, i dnt knw if im gona make it 
I want to just keep watching skins but i should probably get some work done 
I want to just runaway and forget my old life...there is nothing happy about this life... 
I want to keep editing but I'm so tired.  I'll continue in the morning. Please don't judge me.
I want to keep the wristlet I bought my cousin 
I want to kick it to kelowa so bad right now 
I want to kill myself 
I want to kill the owl who hurt my chipper 
I want to know all my favourite peoples birthday, I missed Carl Barats i on June 6 
i want to know how to get russell brand to tweet me happy birthday 
I want to know how to play the piano too  http://bit.ly/1lApY
i want to know my section! :| 
i want to know what love is..i want you to show me 
i want to know why some artists arent available on itunes 
I want to learn korean,  !!!
i want to learn the piano for Back of My Head by Short Stack.... cant find it anywhere... 
i want to leave for England sooner. can i, can i?? probably not 
I want to lick the tears off Lebron's face... Aw, crybaby, cry 
I want to listen to air-1 but I can't now 
I want to listen to something 'sexy'... 
I want to listen to Taylor Swift's songs so that I can forget my problems.. but our computer is too slow 
i want to lose at *least* 20lbs by the 26th of July. Eating a chocolate chip cookie for breakfast is not going to cut it.  I hate myself
i want to make a shaman, but have no slots left...i think i might delete hathor  makes me sad, but i never play her anymore
i want to make an indie film, good story, blood everywhere.. if only i had the budget &amp; time to do it.. *sigh* 
I want to make cupcakes REALLY bad 
I want to make my avatar green but I can't. I didn't make it and I can't change it.   at least my avatar is green...
I want to make peace. 
I want to meet Christer Fuglesang again!! 
I want to meet my Mr. Big  ... Watching sex and the city 
i want to meet you ! 
i want to move 
I want to move schools - why is everyone so mean? 
I want to move so bad. 
I want to move to London!!  xxx
I want to move to Oregon SOOOO bad!! Seriously!! I'm getting sad now, I'm seriously SICK of California! haha sorry Cali 
I Want To Move To Somewhere Far Far Away From Here &amp; Nvr Cme Back 
I want to party!!...i haven't been out in 2 weeks  ughhhhh
I want to party. Michelle, Camilllee, Gerliee... where you at! Justine, why did you have to start summer school NOW? 
I want to play blood bowl naaaau!! 
I want to play by the river!  less than a week and then i'm free! Haha
I want to play Clue but no one plays with me 
I want to play in a movie 
I want to play Monoply on Playstation2 but my brother didin't download it 
I want to play my guitar so bad right now!!! but I can't 'cause its not tuned!!! 
I want to play Sims 3  @Bloooped, bring your computer here please.
I want to play spymaster 
I want to play that one Little Mermaid game i have but i can't seem to find it  oh, well.....
I want to play the #Sims3  I already made space for it. damn.
I want to play the damn video game. But the disc isn't reading. 
I want to play too... 
i want to play with bubbles, play with the swing, and take pictures! aww man 
I want to play with my macbook.  I can hear it calling me, damn work getting in the way!
I want to progress with my life, but I can't help but be impeded by a certain obstacle. I need it to move, but it wont work with me... 
I want to put spooks clip into my mobile phone! It's too difficult~! 
i want to put this aloe vera on to soothe my burn but i cant reach all of my back &amp; nobodys awake to help me 
I want to quit my life  ~Michisan
i want to quit smoking cigarettes. they took away my singing voice and i want it back 
I want to read &quot;Man-Eaters of Kumaon&quot; for research but it's probably out of print 
I want to read Dallas soo bad but I have to wait till Wednesday. 
I want to read Le Petit Prince (yes, the French version) again but PhCh135 won't give me my personal time. 
I want to read Miley Cyrus' book &quot;Miles to go&quot;. Idkw! Oh, and studying is going way to slow today 
I want to read my book but I have to do homework  off now so bye!
i want to remain in bed forever! *yaaaawwnnnn* 
I want to remix Little Boots' 'Remedy' but can't find the vox anywhere  That melody would make a perfect hard house riff!!
I want to return the time behind and to return to this beautiful day 
I want to ride my bicycle today, but it's too cold and cloudy today 
I want to ring the gas board again, tell them I'm moving then hang-up.  hmmm, they might by now have a trace on my line 
I want to rip my throat out 
i want to search with jb stuff and tell people about it but no ones talking to me 
i want to see &quot;drag me to hell&quot;!  but i think everyone has seen it already 
I want to see 311 on Friday 
I want to see Alice in Chains in the 90's  &lt;3
I want to see beauty and the beast or aladdin. Or another old disney cartoon movie. I want a magic carpet. 
I want to see civilization and not land, rocks, and mountains 
I want to see David Archuleta and David Cook sooo bad . 
I want to see Estelle and N.E.R.D at Dillo Day! Sigh. Miss you, NU. 
I WANT TO SEE GARY NUMAN LIVEEEE 
I want to see JUANSON and SUSSIE4 
i want to see mcfly in Killarney .. but me and @rachelmcfly will be on holidays 
I want to see Mcfly tonight but my sister is ill and doesnt think she can go anymore I dont want to go on my own 
I want to see my BFF. I miss him. 
i want to see my bud mel  miss hur loads 
I want to see my cousins, them done of less  I Love â™¥
I want to see my friends  Mindless fun. No work, all play. All drunk, all walwal. All being mean to each other and sleeping in one bed 
i want to see my friends again. 
i want to see SAW 5!!!!!!! mhhhh i donï¿½t when itï¿½s available in Germany 
I want to see taking back sunday again.  two times just isn't enought for those lovelies
I want to see the beauty of California. This won't happen for me, for years, unfortunately 
I want to see The Decemberists live again so bad right now 
I want to see the hills finale tonight... Not seeing the next season tho..   No more lc
I want to see the MTV movie awards..  to bad it isn't on tv in The Netherlands.. ughh!
I want to see the MTV music awards ! but unfortunately I must wait 'till thursday 
I want to see the new Sam Raimi horror. &quot;Drag Me To Hell&quot; But. PG-13?!! Seriously??!! WHY???!!! I'm afraid I'm going to be disappointed. 
I want to see the ocean right now 
I want to see the races 
I want to see this person so bad 
I want to see THS: Jonas Brothers 
I want to see tits  are there a lot of peepz
i want to see Tom Ward. hes quite a cool comedian whos not in Sydney 
i want to see transformer 2.. huhuhu and my dear friend set up a celebration for his birthday today! sadly.. can't go there! 
I want to see True Blood 
i want to see wanda sykes but we'll be in puerto rico when she comes to town.  
I want to see Year One. I also want to see Eli. But, of course, I can't have everything I want, can I? 
I want to sell my Eyeko Cream. Any takers? Only tried once. Not suitable for my skin  @KimokoMasada
I want to show someone my hand-lettering/graphics but not one of my graphic design friends who will judge me on my lack of ability 
I want to sit in the sun rather than spend 4 hours on trains. 
i want to skate on fri but there's an exam 
i want to sleeeeepp DDDD: ugh and my head hurtss 
I want to sleep but I can't because I slept like all day in the car today. I'm gonna be tired tomorrow 
I want to sleep but I don't. My head 
I want to sleep but stupid dryer didn't dry my clothers 
I want to sleep so bad. 
I want to sleep!!! Okay ... Back to work 
I want to sleep. But I can't. This sucks 
I want to sleep. But I have to finish this! 
I want to sleep.. but I'm wide awake   Maybe some more reading will get me back to bed.
I want to sleepppp. But they have the lights on  Ugh. FML.
i want to sneak out....if only my friends lived closer 
I want to some tea.... mine is all gone...  haha
I want to start a band called Volcano Girls. Seether is apparently taken. 
i want to start a bandddddddddddd, i wish i could sing in public... 
I want to stay at my parents and finish watching &quot;New York goes to work.&quot; 
I want to stay home reading and making pictures, but instead I have to get out to make money... How sad 
I want to stay in the warm, in my bed.... but work calls 
I want to stop smoking this year. Can't believe I can manage it! 
I want to strangle the living fuck out of my partner. HURRY UP AND COME BACK TO WORK RICHARD!  lol
i want to swim so bad 
I want to switch characters but I'll lose the neat Forochel Fog bug. what to do. 
I want to take a nap! 
i want to take a photo of something... but I am stuck inside waiting for a delivery 
I want to take a road trip next weekend! Im off Fri-Mon! 4 whole days!  I wish I were going to be in TX w/the rest of the Boudreauxs! 
i want to take my brother for some yummy dessert..and he refuses to go with me 
I want to take some garbanzo beans to Ellen Degeneres  too bad I'm so far away from the bean right noww...Ellen is in thee windy cityy
I WANT TO TAKE THE EYE TAMPONS OUTTA MY EYES! BUT I ALSO LIKE SEEING 
I want to talk to him so bad, He said He woulden't be a skool for the next week butHeDidn'tTellMeWhy. and hes moving 
I want to talk to you.. but u don't want to talk to me 
I want to test out tethering, but my iPhone has decided to die 
I want to throw my dog.  that hurts saying butt shes getting on my nerves and hurting me. :l
i want to throw up. i love her so much. 
I want to to back to sleep. Lydia talks too much. I miss having a cell phone. 
I want to travel!! I wish I had money. 
I want to try &amp; make a cake but some elderly distant relatives are coming over &amp; I'll 'mess up the kitchen'...but old people love cake 
I want to try out Google Wave. 
i want to tweet a text longer than 140 caracters, what can i do? 
I want to twitter with rob pattinsonn so bad 
I want to update to the iPhone OS 3.0 but I need my computer.  It's 11:08 AM. 5 more days! We're going to my cousins' house today. 
I want to upgrade my iPhone but I dont have enough money 
i want to visit capitol again.  crap
i want to watch a film, but cant think of a good one  any ideas?
I want to Watch Angels and Demons at Inox #Chennai?? havent seen it yet.. all friends have seen it.. 
i want to watch another scary movie.. grudge is so predictable  maybe vacancy or somehting bafd
I Want to Watch Batman; DarkNights. I think that's what it's called*.. ugh someone come watch it w/me i have pink eye 
I want to watch fight club again...Perhaps I will steal my brother's tv and watch it in my room...I wish my tv was still alive 
I want to watch Howl's Moving Castle but I don't think I'll be able to stay awake. 
I want to watch live 20/20 Cricket world cup online! Any suggestions! 
I want to watch LOST but i really shouldn't till the marathon 
I want to watch more of Harper's Island!! Episodes should come out faster 
I want to watch Nick and Norah wiff my bb 
i want to watch star trek again 
i want to watch the MTV movie awards 
I want to watch transformers 2! 
I want to watch transformers! 
i want to watch tv but nooooooo my brother wont let me 
I want to wawtch True Blood  #trueblood
i want to whore my twitter during FFAF but i know im a snail compared to everyone else  lol
i want to win the sweetstakes to get the free gear plz god let me i will love rob dyrdek 4 ever plz dont leave rob dyrdek plz 
I want to wish all the fathers out there a Happy Father's Day. Cherish what you have. Happy Father's Day Daddy...wish you could be here 
I want to wonder around Toronto tomorrow for mmvas but no one to go with 
I want to work at Alton Towers 
I want to write so badly!!! Where is my life going? Wait I dont have one 
i want to write soooo bad... but i can't get my ideas out. nothing makes sense.. 
I want tomorrow off because none of the team will be around all day - small chance though 
I want TSA so bad. Ugh. 
I want Vivien to TWIT! 
i want volleyball season to start right now! but i wanna play with the seniors  dont want them to leave. its just not the same
I want waffles from melon 
i want walgreens rainbow sherbert but they are closed 
i want wendy's! 
I want what I can't have 
I want white castles 
I want wicked tickets...too bad i'll be overseas unless i see it opening night 
I want winter back 
I want Winter in Wartime on DVD. But where to get it... 
i want yesterday backkk 
I want you and no one else. But i dont wanna put to much hope on you cuz Im afraid you have gf.. 
I want you here with me. 
I want you here with me..!  i miss you..
i want you so bad 
i want you to get better  @katiestar_
I want!! Gotta wait till I get home though 
i want, but i can't 
i want.. a gary icon now 
I want.. an AUDI TT, Blackjack 2, and a nikon D60, travel around the world.. and still save money.. in my drms 
I wanted 2 go 2 sleep but this migraine is not playing fair! 
I wanted a kitty named Rajah more than anything 
I wanted a mcgriddle this morning but they ended breakfast before i got there  sad. Lol. http://twitter.com/PALEGA/statuses/2067264806
I wanted a nandos 
I wanted a seriously cold winter and I got it. Viva the Western Cape in winter. [I know this was hell for many of my fellow countrymen] 
I wanted an Ice cream on the way home but the garage across the road has shut 
i WANTED HOLLIE TO WIN!  i serpose Diversity were ok......
i wanted jordin sparks to sing Battlefield 
I wanted miso vegetable ramen sooo bad 
I wanted my professional shot, but its too large 
I wanted Nadal to win.. but he lose soO early.. 
I wanted Panda Express tho  next time. Pix of my point of view from where I am sitting  http://twitpic.com/7ywwv
i wanted Susan to win.  I am still in shock! They are an extremely talented bunch though. #bgt
I wanted to add &quot;who cares&quot; to that last post but the iPhone app didn't let me add my own commentary. 
I wanted to beat the rain. That didn't happen. It's going sideways. I don't want to get off this bus. 
I wanted to change my name to stalagmite but it was taken 
I wanted to do hand gliding but you had to be 18 
I wanted to finish watching the Tonight Show w/ Conan O'Brien but I got sleepy  so night ppl
I wanted to go eat with you guys but my mom made me go to Coolidge elementary to clean my old teacher's classroom 
I wanted to go out so bad, but looks like im gonna be stuck at home 
I wanted to go see Transformers 2 tonight, but to no avail. 
i wanted to go to bamboozle 
i wanted to go to burning man BEFORE i found out Adam Lambert goes..now it just makes me want to go more 
I wanted to go to ignitners 
i wanted to go to Musso concert 
i wanted to go to pinkpop as well 
i wanted to go to sephora during my break tomorrow but i wont be able to  grrr
i wanted to go to the beach too 
I wanted to go to the fight yesterday but I had to work 
I wanted to go to the Harry Potter Tour in Haarlem with @whoknowsLisa! 
I wanted to go to the movies today  but My head is killing me!!!
i wanted to kiss him so bad 
I wanted to order really hot chili peppers off the internet but my paypal account is being sketchy and this may take some effort 
I wanted to party all night long... It's barely Sunday 
i wanted to play beer pong again but i didn't  so i'm still wanting
I wanted to see Cavs vs Nuggets.  If the Cavs lose, I hope the Lakers beat the Crap out of the Magic!!
I wanted to see luck be a lady 
I wanted to sit near Jordan and MHC .. Perhaps I shouldn't have come at all 
I wanted to stay one more time, but I have to do school work 
I wanted to use this opportunity to finally use my new luggage set... but uh, I'm only going to be gone for a night. 
I wanted to work out today. 
I wanted to, but i didn't have time  i had to run a work errand 
I want--no, need--this issue of Drummer magazine. why won't the website work so I can order it 
i wants to upload another youtube vid... butttttt i dont know what of 
I was 7th in line this morning &amp; best buy at la cantera in san anton had 6 
I was a bum..didn't go to church, watched Marley &amp;Me and had a sob fest! Just put our 16yr old dog down about a month ago   too sad!
I was a complete arse to Fishy today, and yet she continues to be so nice.  Sorry, thank you, I love you! 
i was a dreamer before you went and let me down 
I was a grandma tonight, went to bed early and now I wish I woulda gone out... Sucks!  
I was about 3 seconds away from burning the house down. I can't cook fried chicken 
I was about to get this cutie's number at the club Dolce. I pull out the storm and that shit was froze. I didn't get the number... UGH! 
I was about to play a football match, but the other team didn't appear..  But I got wet, though.
I was about to rescue a little girl in my dream when my alarm went off 
I was about to say Leon's set was the best of the whole event ... till he dropped this pop song.  #asot400
I was absolutely furious tonight, with myself.  It was bad, I cried.
i was acting really silly  ...lol... http://bit.ly/RnRKu
I was actually early today but I was so early that I distracted myself and made myself late 
I was actually signed on to YM and NOT invisible for a few hours. Not one person said Hi. 
I was all excited and thought i was getting a new episode of chatty man - its a repeat 
I was almost tricked into eating pig snout and cow tripe. 
I was alone!    ...I'm falling asleep, but I have to end the recession now.  This situation gave me hunger haha..
i was also the last one to leave the school, even after John and Kristen....  i was exhausted..... now i'm sunburned
I was at Modells earlier and there was a Krejci shirt. For $10. In a kids size. Why must I be broke until Friday?! 
I was at the beach all day today I'm so burnt 
i was at the studio with my girls had fun im missing rave though 
I was at the zoo yesterday looking at the elephants and then one died later that day  http://www.thestar.com/living/article/650787
i was awake 7 hours ago, should have checked twitter 
I was awaken by the loud thunder n pouring rain ... Now I can't fall back to sleep 
I was awoken by loud banging and it continues all day  Good thing I got an early rest last night!
I was bad yesterday 
I was broken yesterday and I'm still broken now. But I've got to go into work early today and do it all over again. 
I was called a fag for wanting to listen to miley cyrus by @MrJaseFelder 
I was catching the sun but then my headphones broke and changed everything 
i was checking my @kokonutxx 's, and i realized that i dont get many replies when i ask questions... 
I was chewing gum. Craig needed it. I gave it to him 
I was complaining that 5/21 (SYTYCD!) is too far away, but then I realize I'm way behind on ANTM blogging  
i was completely excited for my 3 day weekend and then i got sick 
I was completely right about wanting to beat jon and Kate....this makes me so sad! 
I was crazy excited for a free donut w/ coffee at Dunkin Donuts. Until I found out there are no DDs in a 50 mile radius of BR. 
i was creeped on tonightt maybe i shouldnt have gotten the pic of me as a background on btv  should i change it? lol
I was cut off from Twitter 
I was deprived from internet world for 2 days  need to catch up... I think miss a lot BIG Time
I was dissapointed by The Criminal Intent premiere. Not a single sighting of Jeff Goldblum 
I was doing so good working out with my Wii fit now I have broke my left arm what a set back 
i was doing so well at brick breaker and then just lost it all!!  beat my high score though.
I was drenched in rain today 
I was excited @ getting back nto the studio 2 record this weekend, but now I gotta check out a band instead. Gonna miss my Winna's sess 2 
I WAS excited to be home alone and chill out, but now I'm so bored! 
I was excited to watch the Brew Crew vs. Marlins game tonight with @chi_rem until I realized Suppan was pitching.  Guaranteed loss. 
i was excited, &amp; now i'm boring  where's vidi? He hasn't show up.
i was fast asleep,and a stupid thunderstorm woke me up,i can't get back to sleep 
I was feeling GREAT until I pulled up to work lol 
I was feeling sad today. I don't wanna understand everything that I'm understanding 
I was filling my car up with gas today and thought, &quot;I wanna take off and go see the ocean right now!&quot; but the, I didn't 
I was fine until I had to speak to the nurse, now she has made me doubt myself and my decisions. Feel totally and utterly deflated 
I was flying and now im crashing 
I was forced to get up from my nice nap. 
I was forced to park my car properly, all for 45 seconds, when the person to be picked up is just in the lift. 
I was going to blog this weekend but we're re-doing the bathroom and the internet stuff was in the way so I'm limited on here, SORRY! 
I was going to buy something but I forgot what to buy 
I was going to create a list of all the CVBs that used the #ntw09 avatar but ran out of time. 
i was going to eat an orange and the shell was hard to get of, so i had to set my teeth in it  didn`t taste very well
I was going to go see Seventeen Again with my sister and her friend and now we might not... 
I was going to knit some socks for my pa for fathers day... it's not realistically going to happen 
I was going to make a cake but I almost cut off my thumb so no cake today 
I was going to make an eggplant and potato curry, but the eggplant is a little past repair 
I was going to make the video, but I've found out that my computer is so old it can't run the recording program 
I was going to plant some veggies, but it's starting to rain 
I was going to post something interesting from 1091 [ this tweet ] but nothing happened that year 
I was going to tweet, but I lost my angry  
I was going to visit my sister today, but she's grumpy.  I'll just chill at home with the family and visit her tomorrow.  
I was gonna camp for the yeezys but by wensday there was already like 15 ppl infront of each store that's releasing them 
i was gonna get a bottle of wine but i suppose i'll be drinking alone. 
i was gonna post a Mother's Day Special but I went very very wrong with my mom's makeup  Maybe next year... *sighs*
I was gonna post a new studio update video for you guys, but I'm having technical difficulties with my photobooth! Sorry everyone! 
i was gonna say &quot;i think i like babie more than ppl&quot; but then he started crying an i couldnt hear the movie 
I was good 
I was good the whole dinner. Then when I came home, the teriyaki sauce in the box spilled ALL over me!  Ef em el
I was gunna have pizza for tea but the pizza shop was closed 
i was hacked @theFakeKristen was mine and my username was (KristenJStewart) so i had to make this one 
I was having &quot;EmotionNite&quot; last night. Cried like a baby to release emotions. Now my eyes r puffy. 
I was having a great day til now. I cant stop crying 
i was having dinner cooked for me, now the plan is off &amp; will have to fend for myself! 
i was having so fun and was literally crying but someone turned the internet off. Broooke i luv u 
i was home all alone cuz my brother had ball hockey   but I had fun with my dog and cats &lt;33
I was hopin diarrhea would help me lose weight... But i don't think its workin... Boo...  - http://tweet.sg
i was hopin for a night of Silent Hill 2 on the PS2 (yes, that's just how I roll) but I have mislaid the pad   i deserve to be zombie'd.
I was hoping for more from @majorlazer. Just poor lonely @diplo?  Did @therealswitch get stuck at the border? No hypeman? Lame. 
I was hoping I'd get to read this month's Zuda entries today... maybe tomorrow 
i was hoping to get more than a barely-there tan. 
i was hoping to go and see britney in manchester tomoz but doesnt look like it now  find out who is up for the public vote in big brother
I was hoping to not keep so many clothes... oops. No more shopping for me 
I was hoping to rest this Monday, one of my days off. Manager called, and I have to work tomorrow starting at 6am 
I was hoping to see you and GP before you guys head back.   Love,  Isaac (from Lestat's and UTC)
I was hoping to sleep in tomorrow ..I guess it's not happening  Stupid blood tests grrr..
I was hopping that jon and kate would not get a divorces I thought that they were a good cupple to bad 
i was in a good mood until @JamieElizabeth3 tld me to get a real bf. i wld if tht guys i liked gave me a chance. ugh!. 
I was in a rush getting back home, though, and I almost ran into one of my jhs kids  whoops.
I was in and out of A &amp; E in 15 mins last night .. World record!  Another major badminton injury ... badly bruised thumb 
I was in Disney world at this time last year  so bored with life
I was in such a good mood during my 2 weeks away from work (1st 2 weeks off in 3 years). Now I'm back &amp; miserable again  *bangs head*
I was in such a hurry to shower and get ready that I forgot to charge my phone. 
I was in the office at 7am this morning 
I was invited to one of my student's birthday party! Too cute! Too bad I couldn't make it! 
I was just a Jack of Spades away from getting a Royal Flush... 
I was just about to drive alll the way to Wem to get another chuck, because ours is so lonelyy.... but dad said I wasn't allowed. hmph 
I was just about to post how cool #tweetdeck is but it crashed when I hit the button 
i was just listening to the news.. is it just me or has it gotten really sad? all that violence and hate. 
I was just locked out of my house for 45 minutes. now I'm cold &amp; bit up. 
I was just looking for a Happy Birthday song for my daughter for tomorrow and found this song, sad  I'm glad ... â™« http://blip.fm/~7twi1
I was just made to make the green tea for the family because I lost the paper scissors rock and they are under the kotatsu  (Nonoko)
i was just out talking to my mom and we saw a pigeon come out from the side of the roof where part of the siding has fallen off. 
I was just relaxing while watching baseball when Matsuko came and diturbed me   (Takashi)
I was just thinking the same thing! I'm sooooo sad 
I was just thinking, who would want to play an instrument you have to blow. You can't sing along! that makes me sad. 
I was just told I'm old 
I was just told of some open positions for females with some race teams. too bad I can't move to Charlotte 
I was just typing my blog then my computer restarted. And there's no retrieved stuff whatesoever. IMMA CRY NOW  Joke. Too lazy to type...
I was just woken up by the most terrible dream ever 
i was kidding! lets not really!!! hahaa im jst bored 
I was kind of a man-whore last night 
i was kinda hoping this time it was going to be differnt... its not it just sucks !!!!!!!!! 
I was lacking of sleep this morning and wanna take a nap now..... But I can't 
I was listening to my audiobook  ugh!
I was looking at hair ties and i noticed i cant the my hair on more. 
I was looking for Vienna concert tickets of Diana Krall on the internet. She will come in october. The cheapest costs EUR 65,--  
I was lying in bed last night and this morning cursing as my legs were throbbing...  But hey, off to gym in a bit... do it all again...
i was mad but now im sad  boo hoo!
I was midnight cleaning my bathroom, pause for reaction, and I think I inhaled too much clorox. Headache   time for bed. Ha
I was missing Mitchell and Webb! 
I was more productive when I was pissed off.    Discouraging.
I was not rashers....... 
I was not too excited over The Closer last night  I mean the show is still great but maybe I expected a better episode! #fb
I was oblivious to a bike press conference at Eastside Esplanade head at Steel Bridge this AM. Report is they handed out free bike bells. 
I was on a cottage with friends in the mountains. Now I feel a bit dizzy 
I was on my way to a show and did not realize what had happened until I read the news just now...  Horrible, and very frightening for me 
I was on Twitter time out I Tweeted too much 
I was planning on painting and now have to shift over to web dev for the day... bummer 
I was planning to go to an outdoor camping festival this weekend that I am not working. It's suppose to rain all weekend 
I was planning to have a lazy day but just realised I have 5 weeks of mail to get through 
I was planning to make a nice blog image, but I had no ideas  So I had to come up wiht a mediocre one
I was playing with another dobe last night and my little lady heidi won't give me kisses or snuggles this morning 
I was playing with my brother's dsi camera and I realised that I have such a man face.  Okay maybe not a man face but it sure isnt dainty.
I was pretty sure it was going to be a rainy day  hope those litlte pieces of water fall from high in any minute Xp
I was readin News of the World today and i want to give Katie Price a big hug.I no she doesn't know me but the story in there made me cry 
i was reading fbr_secrets and this made me think of maryam  http://i43.tinypic.com/2qa4ajl.png
I was ready to party but @RealLamarOdom hated me 
I was really hoping for Prince of Persia 2 
I was REALLY looking forward to seeing Lymelife tomorrow night and apparently I waited too long and its no longer playing in the city 
i was really looking forward to watching the u.s. open today. 
I was really scared that @CalebFTSK has shaved his head then. Cause then he wouldn't be my second favourite ginger ever 
i was right about kstew wearing a dress but wrong about the shoes  lol
I was right, @peterfacinelli will need 100,000  new followers a day to win.. Rob you just might win after all... so sad 
I was right. Dickheads wedding is this weekend. With all the other stiff I have going on, why does this bother me so much? Depressed now 
i was rooting for oscar de la renta but he didnt win 
i was rushing to get ready. i lost control for a sec and ran into a wall so my elbow hit the edge of the wall. -100 HP  plain painful.
I was sad Big Lots chick wasnt working today 
I was sad to hear about Susan Boyle being admitted to hospital... people have been so cruel to her 
I was scooping some ice cream and licked the spoon and my tongue got stuck. Now it hurts. 
I was semi-productive today... but I got a parking ticket in the process. 
I was shaving my beard and thought it would be funny to give myself a Hitler mustache. After I did, i shaved it off and shrugged 
I was shootin' hoops, and the ball hit the tip of my finger. It bent my nail back and pulled it away from the skin. It really hurts 
I was sick last night I am feeling alot better now...but look at the clock i have to be up and get ready for work in about an hour...damn 
I was sleepin like a baby then i woke up at 3 am 
I was sleeping good. Then I had a bad dream and now I'm awake. 
I was SO busy this weekend, didn't even get to enjoy too many moments of chillaxin, puffing, or tweeting.  But I'm back &amp; ready to puff!!!
I was so close to chanting &quot;sucky fuck&quot; at the asian counter woman in Sommerfield. No wonder they hate me so much 
I was so disappointed when i heard My Name Is Earl was cancelled  Somebody better pick it up! #saveEarl
I was so excited about follow Friday then I got to busy to do it. 
i was so excited about going to Ocean City... but now im not going  no polish ice for me... 
I was so exhausted after work today that i passed out and no ones phone calls woke me up (sorry guys!). Now i cant sleep 
I was so happy because I had three followers.  Now I'm said because 2 of them were porn bots. 
I was so hungry that I ate a double double with tomato.. and.. CHEESE.  not as gross as I was expecting it to be.
I was so proud of myself for leaving on time for work and then, of course, there's construction that's delayed me like 15 minutes 
I was so pumped to work today! ...&amp; I didn't really have much 2 do. I have things 2 do 2morrow, when I will undoubtedly be tired and blah 
i was so sad and you weren't there... 
I was so so so excited to see a new Zero Punctuation in my RSS reader, only to remember that their RSS sucks 
I was SO TIRED I took an ALL DAY NAP and forgot about everything and everyone else....so sorry 
I was soo close.. rite bout 2 go 2 a party,but sum reason my boyfriend has trust problems &amp; now im not going. &amp; i had a super cute outfit 
I was soo lost when Twitter Twatter went down 
I was SOOO happy to get her bike, b/c last year ALL of ours got stolen.  I could see someone taking the adult ones, but they took em all!
I was soooo close to going to the Twins game tomorrow. But no luck  Saaaaad! O well! I've got plans ne ways for tomorrow night! Yay me!!!!
I was soooo looking forward to shopping and Cheesecake Factory 
i was standing on a chair... jumped off... and smacked my knee on the computer table  now my knees throbbing 
I was Star Trekkin'. :-D  Now I'm going to have to go to bed early  so I can be up early to go on a cycle ride. =]
I was still beat yesterday from the weekend so no Young adults last night  oh well next week.
I was still receiving tweets, I just couldn't update myself. 
i was super bold walking up to every booth yesterday except the two that i really cared about.  i chickened out 
I was super sweaty on the elevator.. that's embarrassing  #heroescon
I was suppose to be doing nails right now...but yea for me I get to work longer on Saturday now   Oh well keeps me from spending it Sat
I was supposed to be going to my nan's house but now i'm not? 
I was supposed to go to MC and buy jogging pants, but thet still dont have stock. 
I was supposed to sleep all the day today, wanted to rest but mommy call me on my phone early and woke up me damn i'm tired as fuck 
I was supposed to watch taking back Sunday.  I wonder what nia is doing in Baltimore?
I was sure hoping An8thg would enjoy her trip to N/O    Seems not, sorry  &lt;hugs&gt;
I was talking about you with JT this morning, Rebecca @miss604 - I mentioned I miss our Friday lunches 
I was talking to this guy last night and he was telling me that he is a die hard Spurs fan.  He also told me that he hates LeBron James.
i was texing and talking 2 a girl that is NOT MY FRIEND  IM MAD
I was the fakest bitch ever!  and now I missed my chance to speak my mind...
I was the fifth wheel last night    i felt so lonely! I almost forgot what it (loneliness) feels like!!!!! It's been a while
I was the victim of 2 drunk calls.. The first was a pleasant surprise. the other well not so much. It's not fun fighting with ur x at 3am 
I was thinking about going to the college party at White Beach, but it's really raining and I don't think I'll be going anymore 
I was thinking that I'll never be able to meet the real Heroes of mine and it's so sad  Like Eric Bischoff,Paul Heyman,Terry Funk...
I was thinking you could help me get the word out in your blog/podcast. If you dont mind. Also hear about aussie internet filtering 
I was thoroughly disappointed at tonights Britain's Got Talent. It was nothing like last Saturday  Will miss it when I'm back in NZ
I was three minutes late 
I was to sleepy to wake up and eat my breakfast! Now im starving  lunch soon hope it's good enough to eat!!!!
I was told thy I've been through what most people go through in their 20's.... I guess teenagers have changed nowndays 
i was too excited for my bday i slept 4 hours last night haha 
i was too late to the zoo and didnt get to see the red panda 
I was too old for the part 
I was too sleepy earlier and i didnt get to see matt 
I was totally gonna rp with zhei and then I cleaned and then I talked to Polly and now I have to sleep   I WILL SUCCEED SOMEDAY ;A;
I was totally gonna work put &amp; my mom comes home with a plate of BBQ from my aunt's house, FML lol  it's soooo good.
I was tricked into eating deer today.. 
I was tryin to bust into @iMaddHatters house tryin to get to him and his cute friend.. but DARN it wasnt no SURPRISE ITS NOT RAPE scene 
i was trying to get Final cut pro but its not working 
i was tryna watch Batman but, it's not on! i've been waiting since yesterday to see it on tv, and it's still not on 
I was turning my music down and he hung up ?  Whatever. Next!
i was txting and walked into a fence 
I was unable to do it 
i was under the impression that there was never rain in israel after Pesach. apparently i was wrong 
I was under the impression UP! would be released tomorrow but it seems not to be until October. How disappointing 
I was up at 8 again  Shadows fault this time. He needed to go out. Now i'm laying back in bed, not able to sleep.
I was up before 6am on a Saturday, not fun 
I was useless at Palace tonight 
I was very confident about this exam 'cause I knew the subjects - but the teacher changed them  I passed but I am still irritated about it
I was very drunk. I awake and found Paris Hilton molesting me. 
I was waiting for you but you never come 
I was waiting to hear from a local (big deal) contest about my short stories yesterday.  Nothing. 
i was walking to work, running late and this lady pulled up beside me for directions...in spanish.  it got tested. let's put it that way.
I was watching a documentary on fidel castro on youtube and suddenly my internetz went away and won't come back! Coincidence? I think not 
I was watching friday the 13th and within 30 min not even everyone was dead...then the actual movie started and the satellite went down. 
i was weak...and i paid the price...last night was not a good night. 
i was well dissapointed wiv the BTS live performance     x
i was with McFLY one day ago  i want you baaaaaaack!
i was woken up and couln't fall back asleep. I hate that feeling !! .  
I was woken up this morning by mom tapping my knee  
I was wounded in my attempt to assassinate @jerrymannel  #spymaster
i was wrong 
I was wrong. i thought i have moved on 
i was wrong. i've shopped too much.  i don't know how my stuff will fit.
i was wrong.. the cold time is coming again...  blahh  
i wasnt allowed to play beer pong 
i wasn't being sarcy biatch 
I wasnt doped up after the surg. They didnt give me morphine  but they gave me drugggss to take home.
I wasn't even in WeHo 5 min and some guy came up and smacked me in the face... I was on my cell and it flew out of my hand. My poor nose. 
I wasn't nervous about my job before, but I am now. &quot;Hopefully&quot; will know more this afternoon 
i wasnt there at market market gig. errrrrr i want to go there pa naman kahapon! sayang.. hmm.. 
i wasn't too worried about this penulitimate exam last night, this morning is a whole new experience though. PANIC! 
I wasn't very impressed with that 
I watched &quot;Up&quot; today! Even though my younger bro and Gaber didn't like it, I think it was cute movie.  The beginning was sad, though.  
I watched a pirated / illegally presented Brokeback Mountain with horrible Chinese subtitles.
I watched all my new DVDs on the weekend. Now, stuck in bed feeling blargh, I have nothing to watch 
I watched Brokeback Mountain and tried my best to hate the thing.
I watched Dancer In The Dark yesterday.. Love this movie, so sad though  Bjork was brilliant!
I watched High School Musical 3 lastnite. I went to the dvd store to get it out and they laughed at me  gonna tell them how gd it was heh!
i watched marie antionette today and OMG that movie is a little boring  but on the upside my outfit is not boring that the movie haha
i watched marly and me and noe im crying!!! 
I watched the final episodes of prison break on friday.They were great..too bad that there will be no more of it in the future.. 
I watched the first episode of Season Five of Jon and Kate Plus 8 just now. Kate 
I watched the movie 2121 on dvd the other day  and it was the worst movie have seen ever.
I watched the pregame on FSN FL, then it turned to 7:00 and went to a black screen. BOO! I want Rich &amp; Tommy back. 
i watched too much dammit  and I have to charge my phone now
I watched UP! This time I cried  It's really sad and hilarious ... That movie totally rocks!
I wear  short skirts she wears t - shirts, go go go that is so not mee. 
i well wanna put my hours down at work 
I went @ 7am the line was sooo long and it was 80Ëšw/the usual 75% humidity, but got it &amp; I have too much work to play with it 
I went 2the store an got my chest measured 2day! Why the heck do I do that? It makes me feel SO bad after! Ughhh!  I need surgery! :/
I went ALL IN and LOST in Texas Hold'em POKER. That is sooo uncool. 
i went all the way to Stony Brook at 7:00 am on the wrong day...fml 
i went and flexed it down the park but it's gone all limp now...  it was great whilst it lasted though.
I went and got Dunkin Donuts coffee yeah I know I shouldn't but its sooo good and I got hash browns and my puppies aer like wheres mine 
i went and looked at cars today...i want one so bad 
I went green yesterday and I was out so I missed it  do I get another certificate????
i went home 12am fr our eastwood gala w/ kate and monica and up 4am to be here in the office before 6am. as usual i'm still alone   sleepy
I went into that &quot;pro-life&quot; T Trend mess for a good while. They do not want to hear truth. They like BS better. 
I went into the toilets at work &amp; it smelled like something large had died then something had crawled into that and died &amp; so on &amp; so on. 
I went on MSN and everyone suddenly went offline. 
I went on youtube and checked out my account. I didn't have any subscribers, and i wondered why. First of all, i don't have an account 
i went ot buy a bottle opener.  i broke it while im  opening the bottle. basicaly,im stuck 
I went rev hunting with my clan today, it was fun but it was a slow rev day 
i went right into the bed after got home!!! so tired.... but still need to wake up @ 6pm to do tmro's project  
I went to a fortune teller. She told me I have no chance of winning the #squarespace competition. Dammit 
I went to a Martial Arts Seminar yesterday I'm in absolute agony my body is hurting all over 
I went to a viewing today  It was so sad.  You know when people start crying so you want to cry? That was me today.  So sad.
I went to bebe, arden b, macys bcbg, nordstroms, and cavalli left empty handed..  no dress up pursebuzz for imats this time 
i went to bed and thought i could sleep the night away .. i was wrong .. dead wrong! 
I went to bed at 12pm today, woke up at 5 and it was dark. lol so tired 
I went to bed before 7 last night and woke up at 7 this morning and I feel even more sick!  off to class in the rain
I went to get a coffee but the kids got to the milk before I did, now I have a can of coke instead 
i went to go check my phone for messages. then i remembered i dont have a phone anymore 
i went to oasis on thursday and it was amazing!! shame it is freeeezing now 
I went to rite aid on 23rd , didn't have my flavor 
I went to sit down and i fell over 
i went to sleep in 6 AM and for some reason i'm awake now 
I went to sleep last night then woke up then went back to sleep and then woke up because of my brother.  im tired...
I went to Smokes Poutinerie and got a huge ass sticker. Out of rootbeer  @poutinerie @snanibush @Gecko85 @thejiu  http://twitpic.com/7inlk
I went to the beach and got a scalding  LOL
I went to the carnival AGAIN last night. I won a big blow-up pink ball!!!!! Woo Hoo! NO! last day of the weekend! 
I went to the dentist this morning. He put blue stuff on my teeth 
I went to the doctor... got violated... got 3 shots... got bloodwork... had to pee in a cup... and all in all i got called fat 
i went to the gun show with matt, now i'm taking my sick self home 
I went to the reds game yesterday and I had great seats 8 rows from the reds dugout. To bad they lost. 
I went to the zoo today with the Grade 3s - now i'm 5 different shades of brown 
I will be at the Louisville Girls Leadership Summit Graduation. I hope it's fun. It's going to be so sad tho  Last time being the chair.
I will be at work until at least 915 tonight 
I will be back at 3pm, because @castroh has banned me from twitter for 5 hours 
I will be doing a workshop with @nfrank at HighEdWeb in Oct same time as AdobeMax  but a good time none the less. Sign-up!
I will be enjoying a poutine soon and watching more lost. Episode 20 of season 1  poor Boone.
I will be fighting the urge to buy Brit tickets all day....I'll make it.... 
i will be glad when these twitter tech people fix my account 
i will be glad when this week is over 
I will be grading again today in the AM  Antiracism group planning meeting PM. What for 2nite? ? ?
I will be heading to bed momentarily..  I don't wanna leave... But I kinda have to..
I will be in SF on this day, but think that I will be heading home before the Tweet Up.  http://twtvite.com/nr031k
I will be lookin out 4 more ways 2 try 2 enter 2 win a trip 2 the teen choice awards if anything comes up i'll let u know 1st sorry again 
I will be missing Fete de la Musique in Manila this weekend...AGAIN.  does Sg celebrate this french festi too?But i miss the pinoy bands.
I will be missing my daddy on fathers day  &lt;Cutie Pie&gt;
I will be off twitter for the next two weeks...  no wifi Internet at any of the marinas on catalina island...
I will be SO happy when DPS is finally behind us and we can move on to the next disaster project 
i will be staying at Amy's...please let me mum 
I will be very sad if play.com is correct and we won't get the TW soundtrack til the end of July. 
I will be watching the @Lakers play against the Orlando Magics on Sunday for Game 2 of the Finals. I am officially broke. 
I will cry if Kyle Korver opts out of his contract with he Jazz.... 
i will die never having seen kobe 
I will die now.. frustrated with some stupid stuffs... :/ can't even stabilize my thoughts.. 
I will eat my last bite if my client to be show up.. Did contact her in many ways but she hasn't response!  http://mypict.me/5ziM
I will finish my SRP. i will  Goodbye internet!
I will give all the options a go and see if I get any result or response from facebook, it is important to me to get my access back. 
I will go buy clothes @Blazulka96 itoday on icq not to be 
i WILL go to the gym today...and then go to work 
I will kill the Bar before it kills me 
I will love to death the lovely one that will give me the CD 'A Little Faster' on my birthday. 
I will miis you Adrian Kaiser  Which one will be there for me now ? who can be my Adrou ? I love you  (L)
I will miss @barefoothillary this weekend! 
I will miss @dunkindonuts when im in San Diego though! Why aren't they in CA anymore. They were back in the day before they were popular 
i will miss Jay Leno   &amp; i do not like that other guy   so so sad  ::::::
I will miss Jay Leno  until he returns. He is great!!!!
I will miss Jay Leno terribly 
i will miss jonathan and dave  ...kindof
i will miss my bee herr. 
I will miss my high school 
i will miss the BANG! bye lizzy  RIP.
i will miss Uncle Spencer 
I will mourn I'm really bad if it returns I will mourn and the worst is that he is  happy with it, please do not return with her ! 
I will never again go to see a movie without first reading matt mungle's review. Transformers... 
I will never be able to look at another scottish person again 
i will never be warm/dry again  SCREW YOU, RANDOM RAIN
I Will NEVER Buy a Government Motors Vehicle: Until just recently, I drove GM cars. Since 1988, when I bought a .. http://tinyurl.com/lulsw8
I will never find anyone to love me until I can love myself, and I will never love myself as long as I look like this. 
i will never get a good nights sleep will i. 
I will never get past level 3 at munchkin. 
I will never know if Stephen F got my messages or not 
I will never know what happened my Senior Spring LPT  lol. BUT i do know it was fun.
I will no longer drink coffee. if i do, you can have all my Jem dolls  Except out of the house cos that doesn't count!
I will not be able to run Sims 3 on my Mac. I don't have a good enough graphics card and will not be able to upgrade. So upset about this 
I will not sit outside having breakfast without sun cream on again! I look like a tomatoe!  blue irish skin damn you!
i will not spend another day solely on twitter like i done last night  its so addictive! im away to tidy up..or so i say
I will not try sharing simple wisdom w/ proselytizing, fear-mongering, bigotous fools. I will not try sharing simple wisdom w/...  *snarl*
i will now get about maximum 3 hours of sleep 
I will officially become a senior in 24 hours. But I feel like it's still my first day of freshman year. High school went by so fast. Boo 
I will pray for your soul Heather...     Friends.. How could you let it attach to your rectum so easily?
I will run when i hit that building! Or porta potty. Meanwhile, an old scary guy is staring @ me. 
i will stop tweeting now 
I will survive.  
i will try not to talk today, my mouth hurts soooo much  but im still going to work for that $$$$ lol HOLLA (silently)
i will try to be careful but im a lil nervous..im gonna miss u tonight dani dj...first weekend i 3 months that we wont be together 
I will try to twitpic some flicks at summer jam for my west coast babies that can't come. 
I will wake up at 11pm! &amp; write 2,000 more words!  Shldn't have had such a wild weekend.
I win nothing. 
I winner the WESTLIFE FAN HOME COMPETITION and never received my picture personal signed by Westlife, I'm sad  Help me, pleaseeee!
I wish  had a good pic of ichijou x Shiki 
i wish  i had a time machine to turn back the clock   so i wouldnt be so sad :[
I wish  you'd all seen when Drago twittered me!!!! It was greeeat, but then he deleted it!!   
I wish #itouch location services actually worked 
I wish #RobertJordan had learnt how to swear! Abuses in #WOT make no sense! They sound more like a bad comedy show than an angry person. 
I wish #Upperville would get the audio level sorted.  The sudden jumps in volume are waking up my poor sick cat.  
I wish &quot;Away We Go&quot; were in theaters other than just NY and LA.  I'm dying to see it!
I wish &quot;improv everywhere&quot; would come to michigan.  That or we should start one 
I wish @kaylanadeau was here 
I wish @Kimone_ishere was coming out tonight 
I wish @LadyGaGa would update more!!! 
I wish @lfb3oh3 was here at the mention of peach-o's 
i wish @mcflyharry would reply to meee 
I wish @NickHodge would reappear on twitter I need to talk to him and don't know how to contact him other than here 
I wish @PerezHilton was in Vancouver  
I wish @UnicornWatch would get back to watching the unicorns. I'd luv 2 watch unicorns all day but I gotta work so I need a daily digest. 
I wish @VALENTINE_BAND was playing warped tour in San fran and mountain view 
i wish @youtube would fix the subscription box 
I wish _ _____ ____ __ __ ____ ____ __ ______ ________ 
I wish 24 and heroes were going to be on tv tonight....   I'll have to watch my frost nixon dvd and watch my SO play xbox or ps3 all night
I wish all my friends lived closer to me.  
I wish Alliance was good at Strands of the Ancients 
I wish AMC would stop firing my friends 
I wish andrea lived closer  but she don
I wish APA was free on @easybib since I only need it for one paper. 
I wish Arwyn was not on call tonight  #fb
I wish Brittany were in my bed with me. In her cute undies.  Yet again, I sleep alone.
I wish Bruno has bagged paris melted dildo in the face with his balls 
i wish chris would leave!! Raidens sleeping for heavens sake.......its my sleep time toooooooo  !!!
I wish dA would feature some actual under-exposed artists. 
i wish demi was coming to scotland! 
i wish denis was here so he could hang out...stupid ocean between us 
I wish Directv and Tivo would hurry up and partner up again.  I liked having Tivo so much more than the Directv DVR service.  
I wish don't have to write a thesis. 
I wish Eric Draven was real. 
I wish Erin was still coming over tonight. Or Tracey. I hate being alone sometimes. 
I wish everything would just be better again. 
I wish fixing the issue was easier than finding the issue 
I wish flickr hadnt turned all my photos round 
i wish for money to grow on trees. Im dying to go shopping..  i've had enuf of jobhunting already!!!!!
I wish Free People clothing wasn't so expensive. I luvs it. 
I wish getting up early were easier....Work work work, that's all I seem to do. 
I wish Gossip Girl was on .... 
I wish hannah was off. 
I wish Harry Potter was still on 
I wish he didn't work so much 
I wish he was here... 
I wish he was still with Dwight and my magic 
I wish he would just come home! 
i wish he would just tell me because i know the truth 
I wish Heath Ledger was still around 
i wish he'd grow up and just reply!!!!!!   
i wish Here We Go Magic would play at the Pitchfork music festival. 
i wish html 5 was here and we had html 4 fallback for open video 
I wish I added the class I wanted to take before it CLOSED &gt;=( This is what I get for lagging  kinda sad nowwwww!
I wish I bought the London Overground mug when it was available! 
I wish I can be napping with A. 
I wish I can be with her, shes so far from me and I feel so lonely here 
I wish I can forget someone even I don't like though............. 
i wish i can have a LV sneakers for my birthday 
i wish i can move out next year. 
i wish i can open twitter in my cellphone 
i wish i can spend all next weekdays doing nothing. God knows it's not going to happen 
I wish I can still hold on my leftovers but I can't 
I wish I cared about a national team 
I wish I could actually talk to everyone on Twitter, so they could hear my stupid accent 
I wish I could afford a kitten...one that can put Charlie in his place and still curl up with me at night 
I wish I could afford the $15 a month for #squarespace  All I have is a domain and no site 
I wish I could always guess the right size when I order clothes online, but alas, I usually choose the wrong size 
i wish i could ask for that face photo back. i miss looking at it 
I wish I could be at the worship team picnic.  
I wish I could be at the Zine Symposium 
I wish I could be glad it's Friday. EXCEPT I HAVE TO WORK ALL WEEKEND! 
I wish i could be going to cherryville with everyone 
i wish i could be home with my mother and grandmothers 
I wish I could be in California right now!! No money, no candy  Blahhh!! Nice weather, Mother Nature! ........... BITCH!
I wish I could be Paris Hiltons new BFF 
'i wish i could bubble wrap my heart, in case i fall and break apart'.. tom, i love you :~ why can't you me here by my side? shit 
I wish I could buy blink 182 presale tickets, but I totally don't have the money right now. Guess I have to wait for general admission... 
I wish I could censor out all iphone chatter at the moment. It just makes me sad that I don't have one nor can I afford one right now 
I wish I could climate control the weather.  
I wish I could concentrate on studying whilst listening to music, not had it on in two days! 
i wish i could crack my back. 
I wish I could curl up in the fetal position and pass out. My head hurts, my chest feels like a massive weight is on it. Yeah... I'm sick 
i wish i could dance like that  lol
I wish I could do #squarespace.it said I was not old enough   .  I want the iPhone 3gs!!!
I wish I could do a Minnie Riperton song &amp; do it LIKE her, but trying that now... Would NOT be pretty. I'd sound like Sucktacular dancing 
I wish I could do it well 
I wish I could do math. It is impossible for me. 
I wish I could drive. 
I wish I could eat!!! Tooth abscess is the worst!!!! 
I wish I could emotionally be just like everyone else  I'm too sensible...
I wish I could enjoy a bowl of cereal and milk this morning!! 
I wish i could enjoy my Friday night, I'm willing to come to soccer any other day during the week but not Friday! 
I wish I could figure out how to send a message to an individual.  
I wish I could figure out whether I'm comforted or depressed by the fact that we don't matter. Existential emo has to be the worst. 
I wish I could find a nice guy to take me on a nice date. Why do i only find losers 
I wish I could find a way to get all of the *unedited* Eminem albums. 
I wish I could find more than 3 people on here that I know!  And I wish my background picture woud upload right...
I wish I could fit completely on the windowsill still. 
I wish I could fly away, sit on a cloud, and tweet all day. I can't wait till I retire. Hipocracy is so omnipotent.  I need a vacation!
i wish i could forget about ms paint adventures for 6 months so I could read a whole story in one sitting, like Problem Sleuth 
I wish I could gain weight in my ankles. They r so freakishly skinny 
i wish i could get a celebrity to stop by and say hi 
I wish I could get away from car talk 
I wish I could get away with wearing my skirt without leggings to work 
I wish I could get rid of the &quot;sent from my Verizon Wireless Blackberry&quot; signature on BB emails. But VZW has it locked. 
I wish I could give my cousin Valerie a huge hug right now.  She really needs one right now.
I wish I could go 
I wish i could go 2 bed with out having 2 take an allergy pill. 
I wish i could go an entire might without waking up 6 or 8 times 
I wish I could go back in time to when my mother was alive ,and tell her that I'm glad she's not dead     #mothersday  ):
I wish I could go back to sleep and forget about school 
i wish i could go see day 26 today  i hate suite 98 they tease all the 20 y/o's ugh!!!!
I wish I could go surfing. It's been awhile. 
I wish I could go to bamboozle!!  Darn my lack of living in the U.S-ness!
I wish I could go to Birthday Bash 
i wish i could go to bonnaroo 
i wish i could go to dallas with my momma and dro today 
I wish I could go to E3.  Oh well....
I wish I could go to Hogwarts. 
I wish i could go to kylie in october, but cant afford airfare to US 
I wish I could go to Riverbend.  It's always so much fun.   Too busy.
i wish i could go to six flags 
i wish i could go to summer jam  but im just happy to see the pictures and it will be up on youtube tomorrow
I wish I could go to the Jazz Festival this weekend.. 
I wish I could go to the Love Music Hate Racism gig this weekend   I'm not in the right part of the world even 
I wish I could go to the parade 2mrw.  fuck ass starbucks.
i wish i could go to the passion-gabe concert in seattle tonight..but there's no one to go with 
i wish i could go to the pool......im sooooo white 
I wish I could go to the SPN convention in Vancover in Aug 
I wish i could go to warped and bamboozle tour. 
I wish I could hang out on the river every day. Back to work 
i wish i could hang out with @kendra_ftw but she lives so far away 
I wish I could have a dog again!! :/ I miss having one!   A pic of my first dog: http://img515.imageshack.us/i/mydoggybj3.jpg/
I wish I could have given everyone here a hug when I had the chance. Just realized that the symbols i add is my attmpt at showing feeling 
I wish i could have hopped on a plane to south america last night 
I wish I could have seen Foreigner tonight. 
I wish I could have seen Romeo &amp; Juliet tonight with the girls 
I wish I could have someone to share opinions about them. I have only two persons, but it's not enough 
I wish I could have Twitter updates by text on my phone, but O2 doesn't support it 
I wish i could have voted  is it selfish to wish gordon holds a general election in december?
I wish I could hear the new @collective_soul single &quot;Staring Down&quot; but the app gives me an error    HELP!!!
i wish i could hug him, hear him laugh, talk and see his smile one more timeâ€¦just once 
I wish I could job-hunt outside in the sunshine  booo
I wish I could just be everything they want 
I wish I could just wake up, roll over, and see Mell laying right beside me 
i wish i could keep my puppies forever but they will have to be sold soon 
i wish i could know the korean translation of my chinese name. 
i wish i could listen to led zepplin for homework, but noooooooo 
I wish i could listen to my ipod right now 
I wish I could live in the US, the UK and here at the same time 
I wish I could make it to Louisville this weekend to hang out with @croesky and the Thriqus folk that reside there as well.  #stuckinNJ
i wish i could meet @mileycyrus or at least talk to her  vote for miley at the mtv awards!!!!!!!
I wish I could meet my nephew Jack 
I wish I could meet Tia and Tamera Mowry!!!! 
I wish I could move out of the house now. 
i wish i could paint the nails on my right hand as well as i can paint the nails on my left hand 
I wish I could pay someone to do this car deal for me.  I do not do &quot;game playing&quot; well, and apparently u have 2 when buying a car.
I wish i could play beer pong  sad dayyy...
I wish I could play net 
I wish I could put some yoga pants on, stumble my way to the Brew, and read John Piper all day long... Instead, I am off to class 
i wish i could quit life, i will abandoned by my friends, the ones who made me 
I wish I could remember what it feels like not to be sick 
I wish I could see gaxie! haven't seen him in about a year 
I wish I could see Hannah Montana: The Movie right now 
i wish i could see Taylor Swift tonight. boo. 
I wish I could send messages to celebs...but this website won't let me! 
I wish I could sleep 
i wish i could sleep  im watching the banger sister..this movies has a great point. im pretty sure im the free spirit one lol
I wish I could sleep all day. Off to the hen house I go... 
I wish I could sleep past 8 in the morning. The guy at the front desk says there is absolutely nowhere to get a copy of the Sunday Times 
I wish I could spell better. I'm 39 &amp; I still have trouble spelling things a 5th grader can spell 
I wish I could stay home all day and play Uncharted Drake's Fortune. 
i wish i could stay home and lie in bed all day watching crap tv, sadly i have a massive list of things that need doing 
I wish i could stay indoors snuggled up on this rainy day  sadly i have work
I wish I could stop over sharing on the internet 
i wish i could surround myself with jonas stuff all the time. i'm getting withdrawel symptoms 
i wish i could take a nap  im so tired
I wish i could take a nap  -nicole-
I wish I could take pictures 
I wish I could talk to my daddy 
i wish i could teleport 
i wish i could tell someone , someone to help me ..... 
I wish I could think of new ideas for my Manga... 
I wish I could travel to Oslo June 19th! BUT I CAN'T !! 
i wish i could travel..the only reason why i feel im wasting my life is bcoz im not travelling..i want to see new things everyday! 
I Wish I Could Turn Back Time. 
I wish I could tweet using my cell phone 
I wish I could wash my car...Dekalb Co still @ LvL 4 watering restrictions.  
I wish I could watch the #worldcup 
I wish I could watch the video feed...but the buffering sucks!  #ASOT400
i wish i could wear a brazilian bikini. i could work it if it werent for my skin 
I wish I could wear jeans 
I wish i could work from home...better yet from my bed that i miss so so much at this moment 
i wish i coulda talked to him longer 
I wish I couldve brought my car on the plane with me 
I wish i could've gone to omaha last night. 
I wish i could've gone to see Disturbed in concert tonight. 
I wish I couldve had more sleep. 
I wish i could've slept over 
I wish I could've watched the MTV Movie awards  but it was my best friend's birthday tbh!
i wish i culd say i feel better but i cant cuz i dont! 
i wish i did something other than work  i wouldn't care as much if i made $8+ an hour though
i wish i didnt  took wrong cold and flu tablets so instead of snoozing im buzzing  all wired up withnothing to do, twitter lots lol
i wish i didnt feel so crappy when i wake up in mornings, it kills my motivation and wastes half my day! 
I wish I didn't get in these moods.  Damn you Bank of America for overdraft fees 
I wish I didn't have more than my share of nightmares. I wish dreams where I'm violated or contaminated with bugs would stop. 
I wish i didnt have school tomorrow!! 
I wish I didn't have to babysit today  then I could enjoy the excitement sooner.
I wish i didn't have to go home  i miss my sister alreadyyy
I wish I didn't have to go to my sister's graduation 
I wish I didnt have to leave in a few hours  gotta get a good nights sleep for the long drive ahead.
I wish I didn't have to work all weekend 
I wish I didn't have work so early every morning  I want to go see Transformers 2!
I wish I didn't pick on myself so much. 
i wish i didn't shave... i miss my beard 
I wish I didnt sweat so much. Im such a gross chick 
I wish I didn't work overnight. Y'all mutha fukkas makin groove candy sound like it's poppin! 
i wish i enjoyed wearing dresses more 
I wish I got @messages 
i wish i got a loan today  or rather someone put a large amount of money into my account and never qanted it back
I wish I got a summer break! 
I wish I got a yearbook 
I wish i had @ least 2 more months 2 fix things up and finish writing! There is so much stuff i gotta clear up, im confused  ima mis skool
i wish i had a Beatles purse 
I wish I had a better camera! 
I wish I had a big dumb ass 
I wish i had a boo-snacks! 
I wish I had a car  . . . and my licence right about now 
I wish I had a car, I've been stuck at home for most of the summer. Or atleaset old enough for a job. Everyone else is working! 
I wish i had a cat  my mom doesn't want one because she thinks that it'll come up to her at night and scratch her to death.. true story
I wish i had a cd player in my car....i feel like bumping bws todayyyyyyy  someone buy me on yaaaaaaaaaa 
I wish I had a concept of what time it is right now....  not adjusting well. Obvs.
I wish I had a flash/actionscript programmer I could IM questions to. I keep getting run time &amp; config errors that I don't understand 
i wish i had a freaking book or something. devon is back with the guys getting ready and i'm all alone and soooo bored 
i wish i had a friendship like selena and demi ...    .i dont have real friends .
i wish i had a garden for a bbq. 
I wish I had a good camera. Photos from 'the finders keepers' at Carriage Works are  Volume, lines &amp; colors have lost their sharpness.
I wish I had a house  there's no room here for annnnything! If were not outta here by xmas I have no clue where NiNi's new toys is goin!!
I wish I had a kitty 
I wish I had a longer neck. 
I wish I had a more... intellectual... partner for this history/religion class. 
I wish I had a nice dream 2night, not bad dream againn 
I wish i had a normal job sumtimes, i cud plan things out better.Not sure if ill get out this weekend or not  sure cud be worse i guess!
i wish i had a pool   FML!
I wish i had a secret garden 
I wish I had a starbucks right now.  I'm going to hire my own bartista.
I wish I had a tour manager to sort out my travel stuff. And someone to pay for it all too. Sucks to empty the savings  
I wish I had a tuk tuk 
I wish i had a working ipod player 
I wish I had an iphone 
i wish i had an iphone i would really love one but cant aford one  dam
I wish I had an older sister or older brother around 
i wish i had at money so I could get to school im soooooo sad 
I wish I had beautiful asian hair. 
i wish i had better memory and more creativity 
I wish I had Bluray 
I wish i had buffer friends here 
I wish I had cable. I'm missing out on Man vs. Wild featuring Will Ferrell 
I wish I had Dylan's sweater again 
I wish I had even a quarter of his talent. Getting some readable writing out of myself often feels like pulling teeth... 
I wish I had flats and a jacket 
i wish i had gay friends to shop with 
I wish I had human followers 
I wish I had invited people over for today...damn lack of internet interfering with my social life. 
I wish I had jumped on the xbox train sooner. I've dumped my PS3 for an Xbox and all of my friends have HIGH gamerscores. Mine is 35 
i wish i had menthols 
I wish I had MMS right now 
I wish I had moar Pink Floyd, Franz, and Van Halen songs 
I wish I had monies to buy the first Absolute Edition of Neil Gaiman's The Sandman 
I wish I had more dinero 
I wish I had more followers on twitter 
I wish I had more followers that I knew. I have like 5. 
I wish i had my iPod , i need some jonas . I miss their sexy voices  JB forever !
I wish I had my laptop 
I wish i had my spare sunglasses, my eyes are going to burn tomorrow 
I wish i had my westfield biddies for my birthday celebrations tonight. 
I wish i had navy&amp;white sneakers 
I wish I had really nice handwriting  lol I don't want a lot do I :p
I wish I had some bratwurst right now.    Now I'm really hungry.  I want om noms!
I wish I had some easy mac.  Oh man.  Too bad there isn't  a drive through pasta store 
I wish i had some food. 
I wish I had some kind of bond with my dad!  Hes just the provider for the family, no emotional support for me 
I wish I had somebody to hold..... 
I wish i had somebody to talk to!! 
i wish i had someone around to walk to 7-11 with me. 
I wish I had someone to eat lunch with.  It's friday.  
i wish i had someone to kiss me right now, all  want is just one kiss, just one, ONE 
I wish I had someone to talk to. Bummercity. 
I wish I had someone to talk to...  gone to bed. Another horrible day. 
I wish I had taken a 1/2 day so I could watch the E3 coverage without being distracted.  My geeky heart is swooning over this!
I wish I had taken driver ed class earlier cuz now I really need a car n a LICENSE!!!! 
I wish i had that love 
I wish I had the chance to attend the cool work events like E3 
I wish I had the data plan on my blackberry curve 
I wish I had the energy to want to take care of my Grandkids....I don't lately 
I WISH I HAD THE MONEY 2 GO SHOPPING RIGHT NOW!!!!   I WANT A NEW BIKINI!!!!
I wish I had the money to buy all the pretty dresses I try on! 
I wish I had the new iPhone 
i wish i had tickets for family fortunes tomorrow 
I wish i had tickets to see Britney! I wish she was coming to Michigan. 
i wish i had tickets to this afternoon's game 
I wish I had time to figure out why my retweet button isn't working.  Maybe it'll fix itself by the time I'm done with my meeting, lol.
I wish i had wireless then i could tweet in my sleep. i might have to come out of pocket for that router. all the neighbour's are locked 
I wish I had Young Frankenstein. 
I wish i hadn't dropped my iPhone in the sink, i want it back!!  especially as the new software came out yesterday!!
I wish I hadn't kep messing with my eye. Now it's slightly swollen and sore   I don't blame you if you thought &quot;eeewww!&quot; LOL!
I wish I have a cool old name. Like Emily Elizabeth Dickinson, or Edgar Allan Poe, or ANNE SEXTON.  But I'm stuck with Chai.
I wish I have Jen Brill's hair 
I wish I have LOOKBOOK account 
I wish i knew 
i wish i knew how 2 use my iEmoticons app on here!! 
i wish i knew how to get started on my singing career. 
I wish i knew how to play guitar. 
I wish I knew how to swim  .... I'm definitely aim'n to learn this weekend! http://mypict.me/4vlJ
i wish i knew mouse first aid 
i wish i knew someone who took the trig exam, i'm so scared 
I wish i knew someone who would just lay around in bed with me into the afternoon 
I wish I knew someone with the same music tastes. 
I wish I knew what I wanted....I wish I wasnt so inscure...I love one.... heading out rolling in then jumping out... it always happens.. 
I wish I knew what to do about this. I dont know if I can just keep standing by and watch her keep making the same mistakes 
I wish I knew what's wrong and what's missing. And I wish I was the type of person who likes to talk about these things... I want to cry. 
I wish i knew where my black and silver eyeshadows were now...  kinda do not want to wear brown... :l
I wish i live in USA 
I wish I lived in America ... ...  and had nicer legs 
I wish I lived in America so I could go to Bamboozle.  So many amazing bands in one place!
i wish i lived in america so i could see JONAS when it airs. 
I wish i lived in dc again 
i wish i lived in the 70's or 80's 
I WISH I LIVED IN THE UK 
I wish I looked as good as the transsexuals on the Ch4 documentary 
I wish I more actively *wanted* to rework this article 
i wish i never slept at all during the day. another late night for me 
i wish i never spent my Â£30 on food 
I wish I never would have bought that damn dress 
I wish I really knew how to use my MacBook. 
i wish i saw true blood 
I wish I spoke french 
I wish I started saving my American Apparel tags 2 years ago  this is almost all of this year... http://twitpic.com/7t3c8
I wish I still had a bowl. 
I wish I still had my acoustic. 
I wish i still had some j-rock in my library. 
I wish I still played baseball 
i wish i understood this twitter stufff. i even looked up on google how to understand this site. im a confused and distraught giirl. 
i wish i was  at bamboozle  im just chillin with my sissys
i wish i was @ the show! (jay z, trvs djAM) fuckkkkk! 
i wish i was a guy, cause then drinking cranberry juice would actually help my body in some way 
I wish I was able to go to the MMVA's on Sunday... Taylor &amp; @Rachelle_Lefevr  are gonna be there!  So close, but so far away! *cries*
I wish I was able to watch the game 
i wish i was as cool as the dark angelllll 
I wish I was as fabulous as Dita Von Teese 
i wish i was as... um, poised as my peers. i'm 80% sure my friends back home have probably grown out of our friendship. 
I wish I was at #SMX with others like @lyndseo @randfish @oilman and others. Looks like another year of no conferences for me 
i wish i was at ATL atm 
i wish i was at broad appetit 
I wish I was at Coachella 
I wish I was at home now... Am dreading the next week 
I wish I was at home taking a nap 
i wish i was at JDRF'S  i wanna see my nick!
i wish i was at nin right now 
I wish i was at pride 
I wish I was at Space   Ibiza Global Radio will have to do.
I wish I was at summer jam in sted of work .....damn 
i wish i was at summerjam.. 
I wish I was at Superjam 
i wish i was at taking back sunday tonight 
i wish i was at the beach 
I wish i was at the beach im stuck in the doctors 
I wish I was at the beach right now 
I wish I was at the Beverly Center in LA right now to meet @MissKeriBaby. Stuck at work in Newport Beach. 
I wish i was at the lakers parade today  #lakers
I wish I was at the Reunification Picnic with my amazing Parent Partners  I miss all of my families today!! #fb
I wish i was at the Summertime ball! 
i wish i was better at english 
I wish I was born in 1964 
I wish I was British. Then I'd know shit about Dr. Who and not be so oblivious. And I wish I could watch the shows. 
I wish I was coldhearted and emotionless cuz this is really painful. I wanna go home 
I wish I was cool enough to hit 1 million followers. 
I wish i was creepin with jared and chris 
I wish I was doing this... Sleeping  http://yfrog.com/3qm66j
I wish I was drunk where did @nysie5 and @iamneokis hide the booze? 
I wish I was excited about school holidays. But work fulltime coz court is in = no Melbourne  $$$ =  though.
i wish i was experiencing more NIN 
I wish I was feeling better to go to del mar &amp; watch jas, ros, &amp; marky perform  Good luck my rugrats!
I wish I was floating on the river and jamming to pat green with my friendsss 
I wish I was funny. 
I wish I was getting up for water aerobics instead of work 
i wish i was goin to see the saturdays tonite  am gutted
i wish i was going to bamboozle tomorrow 
I wish I was going to Barbados 
I WISH I WAS GOING TO CAMP I've never missed it more than right now 
I wish I was going to see @patmaine @johnmaine @garrettmaine @jaredmaine @kennedymaine today!! I'm sad I dont 
I wish I was going to see we the kings next month 
i wish i was going to summer camp  
I wish I was going to Summer Jam tonight 
i wish i was going to take that 
I wish I was going to the launching party for BED like everyone else 
I wish I was golfing instead of being trapped in no air conditioning 
i wish i was gonna have a crazy, adventourous, random, scandalous weekend  fuck being grounded...
I wish I was good at making decisions 
I wish i was hanging out with you guys im bored 
I wish I was hanging with hasan and aj 
I wish I was hiking on the appalachian trail 
i wish i was home  // TAKE ME HOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! &gt;.&lt;
i wish i was hot..  [g]
I wish I was in a better city! There is absolutely no point goin out here! BORING! If you've been out once, that's as good as it gets 
i wish i was in a glee club  lol
i wish i was in a park... in london..the sun is shining and im stuck inside 
I wish I was in America in July. Enter Shikari are touring over there, then 
I wish I was in auburn 
i wish i was in austin for santigold 
I wish I was in Austin with my baby sister! 
I wish I was in Austin. Chicken Shit Bingo tonight. 
i wish i was in boston right now 
i wish i was in cali wit mari nd lupita seeing vfc  not fair
i wish i was in cali with my family 
I wish I was in Coachella   ..maybe next year
I wish I was in Dallas at Lucky's eating some pancakes 
I wish I was in dallas with the kiddnation family 
i wish i was in dallas! so not fair  well ive just wathced 'along came polly' (L) amazing. Off to bed now anyway, nighttt xo
I wish I was in Italy with my love 
I wish I was in jax right this minute! 
i wish i was in Jonathon Ross' audience right now 
i wish i was in LA right now 
i wish i was in sheffield 
I wish I was in SLH  But I'm not...So no chat-room for me.
I wish I was in Sydney! 
i wish i was just like Shawn and lauren 
i wish i was just tan i hate doing fake tan 
i wish i was lauren conrad 
I wish I was laying in the sand listening to the waves crash against the shore!!! 
I wish I was made of awesome 
i wish i was miley so much noww, she gets nicks love, fame, beauty, annd a gret voice 
I wish i was more tired so i could fall back asleep.... 830 is too early for me 
i wish i was more tired.  #peterfacinelli #gilbirmingham #billy_burke
I wish I was older 
i wish i was on holiday, somewhere hot too.  3 more weeks @LishyyBaba. (: x
i wish i was one of those people who fell asleep immediately.. Why am i still awake? 
I wish I was out enjoying my weekend 
I wish I was outside on the gorgeous spring day! 
I wish I was part of miley world but I'm not  
i wish i was popular/cool enough to have a blog that people would read and comment on. it would basically be filled with pics. 
i wish i was pretty  ahh
I wish I was reading &quot;understanding exposure&quot; as oppose to studying depreciable costs and multi-step financial statements 
I Wish I Was Rich But Right Now any Money is Good Money, I Haven't Heard Anything From The 3 Jobs I applied to 
i wish i was seeing dave matthews 
I wish i was seeing Demi today 
i wish i was seeing teamawesome tonight  it looked like fun and all. i will see them soon though for suuuure 
I wish I was siting in here yesterday n the day b4 I was melting in this Hawaiian heat  My poor brain was trippin http://myloc.me/2ozR
I wish i was that dude 
I wish i was there for you in your time of need!!!! Please forgive me bestfriend... 
I wish I was there, but the crowd was just HUGE. And nobody would take me. 
I wish I was theree  @craftingmadness I need a good game of b-ball
I wish I was Tilda Swinton or Marianne Faithful 
I wish I was tired. 
I wish I was vacationing in Singapore right now. 
I wish I was watching a movie with my gualler right now... 
I wish I was watching Jon and Kate 
I wish I was watching the fight  Pacquiao's gonna own Hatton's bootayyy! Aha!
i wish i was watching The Hills 
i wish i was watching the mtv movie awards right now 
i wish i was with @ashleytisdale! 
i wish i was with ANDY and ED! 
I wish I was with him right now 
I wish I was with my momma today. 
I Wish I was with the Panos Family grilling..... 
I WISH I WASN'T BORED. and I wish I could just always be reading the Jessica Darling series. Perfect Fifths is way too short 
i wish i wasn't sick  someone make me better please.
I wish i wasnt so dumb, but i just cant help it.  goodnight all.
I wish i wasnt so gay 
I wish i wasn't so lame... Going home on a friday 
I wish I wasn't so podgy 
i wish i wasn't switching to Verizon later in the year so I could get the iPhone  i guess the Blackberry Storm will do..
i wish i wasn't the only one up this late. :/ new myspace, drama free kids plz. neeeeed a banddddd.  let me know if you need a drummer! ;D
I wish I went to IMATS!  Although I heard you couldn't get a pro card without documents anymore.. 
I wish I went to Syracuseeee! Leaving 
i wish i went to the bonfire last night 
I wish I were a Disney kid 
I wish I were at Mohegan sun watching NKOTB right now! 
I wish I were going to borough market  might go to bury market for some pescatarian fun!
I wish I were home for father's day weekend.  
I wish I were in NYC today @fordfiesta training. 
I wish I were still at the park! 
i wish i won the jimmy fallon dance challenge 
i wish i wore different pants 
i wish i woulc be at that meet in the middle thing today 
I wish I would be in my hometown of Montreal to attend the NHLTweetup... On top of that I'll be in Salt Lake City with no hockey news... 
I wish I would have remembered sunscreen 
I wish i would just land in his arms, zac efrons arms. I love you 
i wish i would make work disappear with the snap of my fingers 
i wish i'd be in concord at some point tomorrow to redeem my free tan at turbo tan  bummer i wasted this whole month.
I wish i'd bought a ticket to the Houston show too and i coulda saw em again last night  its only 4 hrs from dallas.
I wish I'd gotten more done this weekend 
I Wish IE8s compatibility mode would do something different with the tab to tell you it is running that way. The button in the toolbar is 
I wish if I can a job I love doin 
I wish Ilived back east...and wasn't sick today. Big bday party and I live 4 provinces away.. 
I wish Indian education was on par with the rest of the world,maybe then our youth wouldn't have to get beaten up in places lik Australia 
I wish intelligence could be bought from market... 
I wish it was Friday 
i wish it was friday again 
I wish it was Friday night again. 
i wish it was hot today 
I wish it was Monday... 
I wish it was one week in the future...hello I NEED a holiday 
I wish it was pay day...I'm having popcorn for lunch today. 
I wish it was possible to have a concert this intimate. 
I wish it was September! My Vancouver trip would be right around the corner! 
I wish it was still lunchtime. 
i wish it was summer 
i wish it was sunny here in Richmond  i want to go for a bike ride but not in the rain
I wish it was time for me to go to Vegas already 
I wish it was warmer today.  I don't think it's going to hit 50Â° today.  It's also starting to rain. 
I wish it wasnt cloudy so i could look at the stars 
I wish it wasn't Friday... It means Leah's leaving today 
i wish it wasn't gonna rain tommarow i wanted to go to the beach 
i wish it wasnt monday!  back to work 
I wish it wasn't raining. I wanted to to mini golfing. 
I wish it wasn't so hot so we could go to thirsty Thursday 
I wish it were the weekend....still. Ugh 
I wish it were writing day  Alas, it is do laundry and entertain baby day.
I wish it would rain. It's so darn hot. 
I wish it would stop raining 
i wish it would stop raning  im so bored and tired
I wish it'd stop raining so I could go to the beaaaaaach.  
I wish iwasnt here im think'n &amp; being around her making me confused  i need a hero
i wish jess did her sexy scream when she sang for us haaaa.  oh wellll
i wish jordan would call or txt i miss him 
I wish Larry was here!  
I wish lauren would bring me food to my work cause im starving 
I wish Lewis Black didn't hate Twitter. Or emoticons. 
I wish life wasn't so hard right about now. 2 weeks before my birhday and all of this is happening. it sucks 
I wish LOVE would find me... 
i wish matt hadnt fallen asleep already cuz now i cant talk to him 
i wish maury was on too sarena!!! ha!!!!  ... bored, got burnt at work today 
I wish Michael, Veronica and Erica were here 
I wish money grew on trees. Can't go to bonnaroo or the beach this summer...  
I wish more guys could salsa dance   Or at least attempt to
i wish more of my friends were on here 
i wish more of my friends were on twitter  hurry up and catch on twitter!
i wish more peepz would follow me its soo annoying 
i wish more people had a last.fm account 
i wish more people would follow me 
i wish more people would twitter 
I wish more than anything I could spend more time with Olivia 
i wish mr right would come along and collapse into my lap 
I wish Mucinex-D actually did what it says it does 
i wish mum hadn't spent forever talking to me so i could call my kiera later &gt;.&lt;. i don't have much time left now though 
I wish my @Lacey_Underalls was here!  I'll just make a paper doll and call it Lacey for now.
I wish my baby wasn't sick 
I wish my back wasn't peeling  Especially right where I can't reach to put any lotion on.
i wish my bed wasn't empty. it'd be nice to have someone in it with me. 
i wish my bf wasn't a dentist. it's dilemma when u told him that u' ve got a toothache 
I wish my boss would've sent me to the How Design Conference  stoopid boss.
i wish my boyfriend didn't have so much work to do all the time 
I wish my boyfriend would hurry and come home 
I wish my cat had the words &quot;Dig Spot&quot; hovering over her head when she's clawing the rug.  
i wish my cat would come home. 
I wish my cat would stop bringing me baby bunnies! Its so sad!  they go into shock
I wish my cold was over    &lt;33
I wish my computer wasn't broken so I could get a effin pic up..why can't I do it on my blackberrry 
I wish my cousin Fabiola would join Twitter.....  
I wish my dad was alive so he could help me design my tattoo 
I wish my daddy wasnt in Nigeria now 
I wish my doggie would come sleep in my bed with me! 
I wish my face wasn't so puffy, and my stomach didn't hurt and I didn't have to be at work. And I also wish there was a jamba closer 
I wish my followers were more talkative. 
i wish my frieends would be here when i needed them! 
i wish my friends were here.  im soo bored!!!!
I wish my girlfriend went down on me as much as @entanet ... Another fibre break and I've not migrated yet 
I wish my Grandma could make me a spinach pie for my birthday 
I wish my head didn't hurt so bad.  phoebe is toooo tipsy and tired. Blah
I wish my head wasn't so sore.  Plaza Tapatia &amp; Shorebirds game with Whitney &amp; my momma!
I wish my head would stop pounding. 
i wish my internet was working. stupid storm. 
I wish my iPhone camera was working 
I wish my iPhone would let me do the @ thing  it would be SO much easier
I wish my laptop wasn't broken 
I wish my life had a Restart button that i could hit right now 
I wish my little sister would get home so I can listen to the new jonas brothers cd 
I wish my man was here  &lt;/3
I wish my mom and I could have a normal relationship. It's never gonna happen. 
I wish my mommy was @ home instead of RV'n. I really need a mothers touch 2dy. Since I dnt have a man 
I wish my mouth would stop bleeding. I need food 
i wish my old blackberry would work..i miss it 
I wish my other two roomates would get some initiative to get things finalized to move so frustrating 
I wish my picture wasn't a question mark  so sad
I wish my pool was up, sooobadly 
I wish my roommates were coming home soon  maybe i should take a nap to waste time
I wish my second monitor didn't break!! My work flow has slowed down so much since! 
I wish my skate days weren't so damn tempermental 
I wish my skin would behave itself. I feel like a teenager again. Well..it was good when I was a kid...  :/ 
i wish my teeth would stop hurting!! and i also wish the dentist was covered 
I wish my TiVo was working..... 
I wish my two favorite swimsuits weren't broken 
I wish my wife did not have to drive back to Georgia today 
i wish my would stop getting lighter! i miss my dark hair. 
I wish nessa didnt have to leave.   ughhhhhhh
I wish Nestor and Joe were with me here 
I wish Nicole Anderson had a Twitter.  http://bit.ly/sRn4u
I WISH our internet was fast enough to load YOUTUBE videos. I think that is a fair enough request. No Obama speaches for me 
I wish our records spread as half as quick as Jigga man. Our &quot;promo&quot; isn't built like that 
i wish people would @reply me  i need conversation
I wish people wre brought up with the same respect as I 
i wish poking your belly button would make you fall asleep.i mean its two in the morning.not fun 
i wish pumpkin scissors had more awesome eps that lame ass ones 
I wish Rihanna sang every song 
I wish Saturday Night Fever was on again! I couldn't stay up lastnite for the whole thing 
I wish school was over, but no 
I wish Scotland was going to the World Cup next year in South Africa - we need a miracle    #England
I wish sean would be back from class already... 
I wish she was here to cuddle  fuck
i wish sims 2 would work. i know ive got sims 3 coming in a few days but i cant waiiiiiit i need to satisfy my sims craving 
i wish some people would just spit it out.. if u have a problem just say kbbz? haha work time  rain  9 hour shift 
i wish somehow i was at bamboozle this weekend 
I wish someone (celebrity wise) woud follow me 
I wish someone famous would follow me!! 
i wish someone record the david concert and show it to me. SO SAD 
I wish someone would end this misery for me...for better or for worse. 
I wish someone would play cribbage w/ me.  I need to befriend some 60yo retirees.
I wish someone would SKYPE with me! 
i wish someone would take me out causseee im bored x10 
I wish someone would update/fix WoW Model Viewer and the Map Viewer for Mac. They've been dead since before LK. 
I wish someone would watch Twilight with me. 
I wish sonic wasn't so busy I'm way hungry rn 
I wish spring were over. 
I wish stormy faw wasnt following me on Twitter 
I wish straw would talk to me 
i wish sunday was over already grrrr   almost monday yay! 
I Wish Take That Still Wore That Bondage Gear They Used To Wear and Got There Kit Off Like They Used To. I Miss The 90's 
I wish Tesco sold lucky charms 
I wish Tess were here. 
I wish that everybody wasn't so ANGRY all the time! 
i wish that i could shake this cough. i have the cutest outfit to wear tomorrow but no plans  fixxx that?
I wish that I could sleep 
I wish that i didn't have to work tonight. 
I wish that I had bigger boobs..... 
I wish that I was walking downstairs with @samirosen and checking the weather right now 
i wish that kimm or will would log on msn, im really bored and theyre the only two i have interesting convo's with 
i wish that mcfly dream was real aha, i want tom to write in my action plannner  haaa, it would be awesome though ;D
i wish that my dream would come true 
I wish that my tomato can come home 
i wish that parental control wasnt so fake  but its entertaining!
i wish that this school year was over  only about a month more to go...
I wish the #Phoenix gig was tomorrow nite instead of this evening here in #Toronto. I can't go tonite 
I wish the @ddlovato and @davidarchie tour was coming to the UK too  I love when he sings apologize
I wish the cute guys that stay at my hotel didnt think me either scary or plain  it's kinda depressing :p
I wish the exchange rate was as good as last time I went to America! 
I wish the fan in my lappy would work 
I wish the format was still together 
I wish the hubby did not work late 
I wish the local VZW stores were listed on their career site.....I need a new job and doubt their hiring... 
I wish The Nanny was still running...It was such a great show...on a more serious note, I feel like absolute crap. 
i wish the new album of @mitchelmusso NOW!!!!!! 
i wish the new patrick wolf was....different. 
I wish the pain of this horrid sunburn would just go away!!!  
I wish the paramore concert would get here already. 
I wish the radio had PARANOID!! But they don't 
i wish the rain would stop 
I wish the rain would stop...its so ugly here in Houston right now 
I wish the recently bathed dog wouldn't go outside and roll in stinky stuff 
I wish the sun was out. Ive done some cleaning. I can fill out some apps. But I'd like to read in the sun 
I wish the sun would come out 
i wish the sun would make a return, 
I wish the sun would shine. but it won't 
I wish the twitpocalypse didn't break my twitter client 
I wish The Unusuals wasn't cancelled. 
i wish the weather was as nice as this fred falke grizzly bear remix 
I wish the weather was nice 
I wish the weather would make its mind up! Also wish I could hurry up and get my new song up on myspace 
I wish the weekend could last forever 
I wish the weekend was longer  less than 90 days until Turkey :p Waterfront Hotel bring it on! Ya! Habibi!
I wish there was a blue bottle in LA. It's not fair that only sf has it 
I wish there was a cinema screening of Rocky Horror coming up in Melbourne.  If it had a live cast too, I would die of happiness.
I wish there was a FMC tour stop in Nashville. 
I wish there was a forest trail right outside my house where I could walk, hike, bike, and explore! Buuuut I don't. 
i wish there was a good bball school for me to go to in brooklyn, i wouldnt have to leave 
I wish THERE was a parental control that let you only look at positive/nice things about you on the internetz 
I wish there was a way to let my DVR know that the baseball game was going into extra innings. I watched the entire game to the ninth. 
I wish there was a way to make it all go away 
I wish there was a way to tell Outlook RSS not to grab updates older than 24 hours.. 
I wish there was a Whole Foods in Lancaster 
I wish there was an AT&amp;T OLED-screen phone with a physical keyboard &amp; bluetooth that was based around syncing with a MAC. But there isn't 
i wish there was going to be a new harry potter book this summer. 
I wish there was ice cream delivery! there is no ice cream man/truck around here 
I wish there was more time in the day for sleep! 
i wish there was more to do at like 2.25 in the morning but every one keeps going to sleep 
i wish there were 48hrs in a day  i m so busssyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
I wish there were more people to like. 
I wish there'd be warm summers in Lithuania, like in Philippines... 
I wish they played all of the naughty ballerina audition   #sytycd
I wish this cold would go away 
I wish this rain, thunder and lightning would FUCK OFF! 
i wish this stupid cold would go it seems like i have had it forever 
I Wish This Trip Was Under Better Circumstances 
I wish this was easier. Or that you got the hint. booooo 
i wish this whole finding a job thing could be easier 
I wish time would stand still.............ARGH!!!! 
i wish to go back to sleep.   yay culinary though...booo working 6 days this week!
i wish to see my friends tonight. 
i wish today ends soon.. 
I wish today was bagel day 
I wish today were Monday or Tuesday. I'd be on my way home already. I'm so fucking bored. 
I wish tonight would have ended better 
i wish true life was on 
I wish TweetDeck wouldn't run out of API so quickly. 
I wish Twitter had privacy controls for individual tweets, so I could send 'em out only to specific people. 
I wish twitter worked on my phone 
I wish Twitter would stop deleting spam followers. It's deflating my ego.  (Possibly a good thing.)
I wish u had tickets to Taylor swift's show in 5 days 
I wish u were here 
i wish u would talk to me again.... 
I wish Verizon had the iPhone... 
I wish VMware Infastructure Web Access console plugin worked for OS X... Have to do VMware admin from Windows 
I wish Wasabi delivered 
i wish we can give Ms. Malvas' cake to her tomorrow! 
I wish we find the AF447 flight recorder so called &quot;black box&quot; to undestand 
I wish we had a toaster oven in the office.  Pizza from a microwave is disgusting 
I wish we had a waffle iron.  sad times
I wish we had gotten 5* to ATL. Memphis ain't looking too promising. Hospital bills suck 
I wish we had ice cream in the house. 
i wish we had more storage space in the kitchen 
I wish we had national doughnut day here in the UK. It's just not fair  LOL My favs are the one filled with raspberry jam (jelly)
I wish we had prom in Australia 
I WISH we had this much space in our 5th grade classrooms  Barely enough room for the desks http://twitpic.com.. http://tinyurl.com/n749re
I wish we were all Heaven in Lubbock, instead were at Grahams in Odessa.... Yeah, I feel blacker already! 
I wish we were allowed 1 memory cleaning a lifetime... but were not 
I wish we were done!!! Not yet! 
I wish we were still at the beach. 
I wish weather &quot;acts right&quot; so I can wear some pin curls,this humidity is no bueno for my hair 
I wish what ever this is that is making me sick would just go away already. 
I wish yesterday was Friday 
I wish you 
I wish you could get less greasy hot food in the city 
I wish you could order chocolate to be delivered like pizza. 'Chocolate Hut' or 'Chocimos' - baby in bed so can't go out 
i wish you were thereeeeeeeee 
i wish!!! tomrw will be a &quot;back to normal Sunday&quot; 
I wish.....someone would talk to me. 
I wished I owned Garden State, Across The Universe, SLC Punk, I want to watch those movieeees 
i wished nexus didnt go so soon. i have so much to share and i feel so alone its not cool 
I wishes I were camping  or at least I wish I knew I wouldn't be camping in advance because I would I love to be in Iowa right now.
I witnessed the death of an iPhone today. It was kinda sad 
I wna get out already 
I wna play baccarat now so bad! Everyone's going to genting tomorrow  I want to win enough for 2.55.. IN LUVVVVVV
I woke up @ 11! 
I woke up an hour ago ... Now I'm having a hard time going back to bed  in Lakewood, CA http://loopt.us/rywlHQ
I woke up and had the scariest dream ever  I don't wanna be at home..
I woke up and it was raining and I'm trying to sleep and it's raining again.I wish the sun is out tomorrow 
I woke up and its harder to swallow  mann now Im going to go get a haircut
i woke up and my neck is SOO sore. 
I woke up and said &quot;AHA! I'm early!&quot; Then when I went out, my mom's not there anymore. I spoke too soon 
i woke up at 530 and now i want to die! 
I woke up at 7:24 to my ride calling me three times wondering where I was. 
i woke up at about 8 by the rain! 
I woke up from a dream.  I was playing the slots and I won three wrinkled potatoes and 7 silver  balls.  That can't be good.  
i woke up from my nap ago.. and i thought it was friday.. what kind of cruel joke is my mind playing on me 
I woke up in a good mood, until I checked the news.  now I don't know what to think 
I woke up in the middle of the night  no dream today.
I woke up just now! I didn't sleep very well, because in the middle of night I had average teethaches, I continued around 30 mins! 
i woke up kind of sick  my tummy hurts tear tear
I woke up late today because I couldn't sleep! 
I woke up late today. 10 am 
I woke up late today. Now my daughter is sick and I'm begining to cough too. It's making it's rounds. 
I woke up lk 8 then fell asleep again and I NOW Jss woke up,  grr! I have to go wash gah ;[
I woke up only 4 hours ago but yet i still feel like i could sleep another 10 hours 
I woke up so early I don't think anyone is on.   I am completely bored. 
I woke up so early. I don`t know why. ) 
I woke up so late.... Not a good start to a long day!!  in Moore, OK http://loopt.us/jYWbzg.t
I woke up SOOOO sick  heading to my parents to spend Fathers Day with my stepdad anyway....I'm gonna sleep on their couch...great daughter
i woke up stoked to install iphone os 3.0, but it wasnt there. Its like saying no santa on xmas morning 
I woke up this morning and thought it was Saturday  lol here's hoping today goes by fast.
I woke up this morning and was hot and so i kicked the covers off and suddenly was really cold. Just another Nebraska spring day. Yay! 
I woke up this morning having made a miraculous recovery!! Now I just have to finish that paper for Martha effing Eshoo. 
I woke up this morning with what felt like a brick in my chest.  It got  worse as the day went on.  I think I have bronchitis 
I woke up to a really bad cough. Now I can't stop coughing. 
I woke up to find snow, had to scrape my car and its 30 degrees!!! I miss FL and my Disney family so bad 
I woke up to horrible news. KWOD is being reformatted. This is death to a station. So sad. Once an independent, now gone forever 
I woke up to my dogs barking... eyes feel like they're going to fall 
I woke up to snow this am.  I just looked and it still there.  What the heck?  It's April 7th.   
i woke up today missing my lip ring. ugh, why did i take it out?   
i woke up today with a bad taste in my mouth wondering when school is going to be over seems like each day gets longer and longer 
i woke up too late to work out  looks like i'm doubling up tomorrow!
I woke up with a cold and its SLOWLY going away! I bet @morganjennison got me sick 
I woke up with a fever.  and I haven't gotten any better. Too bad I can't call in sick like my hubby. The joys of being a SAHM..
I woke up with a headache  Grabbing some quick breakfast then out with Pri for the day.
I woke up with a headache this morning and I didn't even drink lastnight 
I woke up with a Migraine...this is not going to be a good day 
I woke up with a really stiff neck 
i woke up with a sore, stiff neck and back 
I woke up with an eye infection. 
I woke up with more mosquito bites 
i woke up with this in my head  http://tinyurl.com/c36mgk
I woke up with what I'm almost positive is pink eye  Damnit! And of course happens on a weekend when I can't get to the doctor.
i woke up yesterday feeling so ill, me and flic just watched films all day. i still feel awful now 
I won 2 tickets to see Erykah Badu in Anaheim,CA but I don't live there 
I won 2 tickets to the finale of Australian next top model. Only prob flights etc not included 
I won a DS lite from a block stacking game. Long story short, it didn't give it to me and I have to wait for the company to call me back. 
I won! But not Shinedown tickets.... 
I wonder how long credits take to show up on your online banking? I have chase so who knows... 
I wonder how long it will be before Robert Pattinson says &quot;Fuck you all&quot; and quits acting to become a hermit.  http://tinyurl.com/nen8zk
i wonder how many for mal-purposes.  
I wonder how many people are using Twitter right now?? hmm brb I'm about to go to the gym ... then study Thermodynamics! 
I wonder how much id actually get done artistically if i didnt have a stupid job! 
I wonder how much money I spend on chapstick 
I wonder how much the summer program in Italy costs at SVA. im sure more than 5Gs 
I wonder if all these companies and people adding me think I'm going to buy crap from them  don't forget www.aheadofthetimes.co.uk today
I wonder if anybody can drive me to my ortho. 
I wonder if anyone is following someone that they really liked, but the more they follow the person, the less they like them. 
I wonder if anyone will @reply me - I doubt it 
I wonder if given the option to have 26-hour days, how many people who take it.  It could mean 2 extra hours of sleep...or work.  
I wonder if God is shaken... 
I wonder if I bore you. I probably do.  is that why you lost interest in chatting with me?
i wonder if i can get $99 before may 22nd. i wanna see lady gaga 
I wonder if I'll ever get my black light back? 
I wonder if I'll have long enough hair to cosplay L in a month... Probably not  Anyway that would make me pretty unoriginal haha.
I wonder if I'll see another Nascar race before I'm at Daytona?! It seems I'm always working when they're on 
I wonder if I'm gonna have a hard time sleeping like usual  Perhaps I should take some Nyquil.
I wonder if it's okay for me to buy cologne for my own use. LOL. I like the smell. 
I wonder if mum would let me have the day off school &amp; drive me up to brisbane to see JB3D this weeek? hmm, i doubt it 
I wonder if my cat is still stranded downstairs in our porch 
I Wonder if my copy of Sims 3 will come today hope so can't believe UK release is only friday lucky americans get it today  Unlucky Times
I wonder if rachael misses me 
I wonder if she knows how shallow, airy &amp; dumb her tweets make her sound. I guess not b/c if she did...she'd probably stop 
I wonder if someday I'll be good with goodbyes 
I wonder if the rain will help reduce the humidity or make it even worse ... 
I wonder if there are any Seth Green fans at FDU who will see Old Dogs with me in Nov. My sister will be too far away to see it with me 
I wonder what happened to @wentworthmiller's acct. It seemed like he was the real Wentworth Miller, but it's been suspended. 
I wonder what happened to my fireside lp's. 
I wonder what im going to do today! maybe just a lazy day relaxing but I forgot that school is tomorrow 
I wonder what it's like to have more than 2 million twitter followers??? I only have 12  
I wonder what it's like wake up &amp; not be tired... I've forgotten  had a dream Alonso was doing badly. Oh, wait, that's actually real 
I wonder what the end of the Mini 9 will do for replacement SSD costs... Maybe they won't go as far south as we'd hoped. 
I wonder what time the Tonys are on? Over by now I'm sure.  Lame.
I wonder what's wrong with @0halysssa 
I wonder when @heidimontag and @spencerpratt will have a real wedding?On another note goodbye LC  Kristen sucks. Def boycotting The Hills
I wonder when facebook phishing sites will come up, I don't trust a login pop up to originate from facebook, anyone can mimmick that 
i wonder when i have completely stopped smoking will i get my singing voice back or is it gone forever? 
I wonder when the @Jonasbrothers are gonna come to Singapore  *Sigh* I love ze Jonas though. Heee.
I wonder where @MariahCarey is at? I miss her twits already 
I wonder where is @RealJessicaAlba I want her to come back and have a chat with us. Is she busy? Poor woman, ppl were harsh on her 
I wonder where you are, what your doing, how your feeling! Missing U so badly! 
I wonder where's Amy.. Don't tell me she's already in bed.. 
I wonder where's Hanyeoooooooooooooooo? 
I wonder whether the CAA will ever pay me my money back...8 months and counting 
I wonder why  http://bit.ly/7qZXQ
I wonder why my daughter wants to be 3000 miles away from me??  
I wonder why my free &quot;on demand&quot; channels aren't working anymore. 
I wonder why no one is expressing interest in my apartment in Somerville. 
I wonder why sometimes my cursor becomes aliased. What happened to the smooth edges and the shadow? 
I wonder why the beginning of Philosopher's Stone always makes me cry. 
i wonder why the upload of my profile picture brings me to the login dialogue ... twitter's first impression scares me ... 
I wonder why when I updated my Tweetdeck, I can't see any more messages 
I wonder why you can always read a doctor's bill but you can never read his prescription...ugh, i hate being sick 
I wondered what happened to Busta Rhymes. Now I see him on Jimmy Kimmel. Last I saw him was in Halloween. He's lost the dreads though 
I wondered why I had a nagging headache today. Apparently I can wonder no more....  http://yfrog.com/581j8j
I wont all my hair pink!.. Dam agencys. 
I won't be able to be on that long.  my moms anal with the computer now 
I wont be able to go to church today 
i wont be able to see ashley for a really long time, cuz she's got summer school 
I won't be able to talk about my cats anymore, until you sort the spam out 
i WONT BE ABLE TO TWEET FEARNE WHEN ITS ON  ILL BE AT HE FUCKING HOSPITAL// BUT ILL BE LISTENIGNT TO IT
I won't be at knitting circle tonight.  
I won't be attending Grand Old Day to see @CaseyGolden and company due to having to work 
I wont be back online till late tomorrow. 
i wont be baqkon til July 10th! 
I won't be happy about bein alone and not gettin my back rub 2nite tho @MrsOfficerTia 4 real im sore and still mad bout last nite 
I won't be here  i have to go to atlantic city for work
I won't be home for Miss USA tonight  boooo
I wont be on blogtv tonight , SORRY GUYS 
I won't be uploading videos for a bit because I can't get on Youtube, Somethings wrong with my computer, I can't even watch videos 
I wont forget today .... 
I wont get my phone to tweet   Will try it again on Sunday! It better works then! I want to tweet from the gig! *pouts*
I won't get Punch-Out Wii until next Friday. I should have paid for faster shipping, but I was trying to save money. 
i won't go to the cinema now ï¿½ THANKS huh 
I won't go to uni tomorrow.. don't want to.. but will do a lot of work tonight and tomorrow 
I won't make it to AEA Boston 2009, and I'm sad of it 
i wont see any minute of Andy's match  i have to go to a concert where i dont really want but i do it for my buddy
I won't see Bro. Ceci anymore. 
i won't see him for a looong time now  don't know how things are gonna pick up in a couple of months.... thinking modeee.
i wont tweet all day 
I wore my Chuck Taylors today and forgot I had a gash on my figure 
I wore my new dancing shoes all night dancing/walking/breaking them in and I have blisters  ouuuch
i wore my retainers last night for the first time in prolly 2 months. now my teeth hurt soooo bad! 
I wore the soles out in my shoes... does that mean I have to get new ones? They are just now getting comfy! 
I work @ 330am  sorry but sat late maybe or tomorrow
I work @ six tomorrow 
I work 3:30-8:30  how long u out here for???
I work 9-6 today with bitch boss 
I work entirely too much.  30 hrs a week?!?! AND I'm a studnet with Senioritis...Off to work  
I work for the class of Econometrics 
i work friday night   but um maybe next wk... but i would like 2 avoid ur parents if possible... I think there would be tension there...
I work in 20 minutes 
I work in the drive thru and touch thousands of peoples hands. 8 hours a day, 5 days a week. Worst part is I'M the one thats sick... 
I work long hours during the wk. 
I work til 3 
I work til noon today! Sooo happy. Craft-0-noon with @shegotthatlala today. she made it all the way to AP Art, I didn't...  
I work till 5 too! 
I work tomorrow 
I work tonight! Boo  I want a copy of MAYHEM for SURE, tough! Can I have a rain-date with you? (Or sunshine date?) ;-)
I work too mach this week 
I work too much 
i work too much on the weekends. I'd like to blame my single status on that! 
I worked hard as a blue collar worker today..but I'll go dinner with sweaty clothes! 
I worked more today than I did yesterday, but my time card says that I worked the same....  oh well... Hello weekend!
i worked my little feet off. now . assignments 
i worked on my car 2day but still a long way 2 go. i gotta wake up early in the mourning  but ima hop out the bed and turn my sexleader on
I worked so hard today....I'm tired and starving!!  
I worry about somebody's whereabouts... Hope he's doing fine...regardless of his last situation when we spoke in MSN weeks ago... 
i worry easily... 
I worry that my sons do not have an adequate male figure in their lives. I kinda screwed up the job of picking/marrying a good man 
I worship House MD. BUT swear, I'd freak out if I see anyone wearing white coats and I am the patient! 
i wosh i woulda seen the eminem clip from the movie awards lass nite 
I would absolutely have failed gcse history if were to sit it today with my appalling eu knowledge. 
I would also like to know how Harry Potter is evil, but the Bible isn't.
I would be in the New Dallas Texas Stadium 
I would be leaving on a jet plane ... if my flight hadn't been pushed back two hours. 
I would be out spending the day with my dad, but hes working  and only will be home for 4 hours tonight, much of it he has to sleep
i would be sick right now 
I would be so much happier if my CafÃ© was one of the ones where writers and poets and artist hung out 
I would but my grandma from tennesse and aunt are coming at 430 And i gotta do pictures wit them 
I would cry myself to sleep but I've had so much sleep these few days that I can't sleep 
i would do anything for a back massage.. anything i tell ya ANYTHING! lol jk but i really need one 
I would do anything man, to bring you back 
i would freeze if this tea didn't keep me warm 
I would give ANYTHING in this whole world to go to this  http://bit.ly/L8kiJ
i would give anything to be in your arms again! i miss you 
I would hate to be manny right now 
I would have bet a hundred bucks it would b Cleveland &amp; LA in the finals. Thought it was Lebrons year 
i would have done a better website for nothing if i'd know it was going to look like a template site  #noagenda @adamcurry
i would have gone to pcd/lady gaga if pcd was supporting and gaga was the MAIN EVENT!. but no 
I would have gotten pics of when Danny brought his kids up and when Donnie brought Elijah up but my camera's battery had died earlier 
I would have still been in bed if my dad hadnt rung me at half 8.. ... urgh i need to get out of this mood 
I would if i had  computer with me 
I would kill for a friend.   wait... actually that just sounds really desperate and psychotic.  *
i would kill for some good chinese food right about now.  or chinese-american fusion, like pf changs.
I would let that one super white dude with the tattoos that's gonna be on the Real World Mexico touch me without washing his hands maybe 
I would like a Chicago Burger from Mickey D's, but both locations in the City Centre are just gross. 
i would like go back to school 
i would like she follow FF 
i would like some macaroni and cheese please....no? 
I would like the world to stop for a sec so I can get off.. 
I would like to apologize to all the girls on here for all the perv guys. Sorry ladies sorry you have to deal with them 
I would like to be here  &lt; http://bit.ly/v5Eiv &gt; but alas, I can't go. 
I would like to confess that I have Pre envy. I left sprint, and now I have to wait until the Pre is available from some other carrier. 
I would like to do something with my friends for my birthday 
i would like to go back to bed, not go out and about right now. 
I would like to go see @nickjonas and @kevinjonas and yunno, the other one but did not get tickets 
I would like to go see Take That again in Manchester but i am lacking funds for transport 
I would like to go swimming but it is supose to rain. 
I WOULD LIKE TO GO TO LONDON NOWWWWWWW  they take the piss at getting ready, dad said be up @ 8 and i was the only one set my allarm aswel
i would like to have @thisislilwayne in brazil 
I would like to make it known;  The ONLY I did not purchase a Macbook Pro today was because apple do not support enough games 
I would like to skip my swedish class today 
i would like to sleep now. goodnight everyone. mexico in the morning 
i would like to still be sleeping 
i would like to thanks des for not going to kevins last night 
I would love it if I didn't have cramps anymore. 
i would love nothing more than to go back to bed and sleep all day... definitely not feeling up to par today 
I would love nothing more than to go to bed right now. Sadly, the only place I will be going is work. 
I would love to do some work from home today   good morning tho!
I would LOVE to find a computer and/or a phone that could keep up with me! That's all I want!  
I would love to go back to bed but we have to clean the whole damn house when she gets back 
I would love to have someone taking care of me right now... massage, dinner... maybe? 
i would love to know why i can't add the @brandnewshadows album to my iTunes cart. i am sad.   ,&lt;-------see. sadness.
i would love to know why i can't add the @brandnewshadows album to my iTunes cart. i am sad.  &lt;-------see. sadness.
I would love to see the Am Idol tour. Can't afford it. Tickets are too expensive for me.  
I would love to update my iPhone so I can CUT &amp; PASTE! but my stupid computer broke and I can't 
I would love to.. but I have to do homeworks.. you know, Boken om mig sjÃ¤lv   fukk
I would much rather be back at the beach then in my cold work this morning 
I would much rather be feeding Aanica right now than pumping 
i would much rather be revising for these dreaded english exams all week .. &quot;IT&quot; is totally boring!    ... does anyone actually like &quot; ...
I would never treat people the way they treat me and the trash in space.. 
I would rather much be at Java Jazz getting fucked up to carnifex &amp; impending doom.  another show ive missed. -_-
I would rather rock out than type up these articles.    I thought Sunday was the day of rest?
i would rather slay a three headed dragon, than kill an insect. insects are scary and gross.  
I would really like it if my stomach would get along with food and stop making me feel so sick 
I would really love to know why my mobile aim isnt working 
I would really really love to have @TheSims3 for tomorrow.  I'd really cut an arm for it.
i would say TGIF but i have work to do this weekend  its almost like... homework.. AH!
I would say this shoe shopping trip was a fail. I only left with 5 pairs 
I would sell my first born to see San Marco y La India perform Vivir Lo Nuestro...just once 
I would seriously like to thank my puppy for waking me up soooooo early 
I would share my dream but both @AnastasiaLoxley and @owenrcwmaber would roll their eyes and laugh at me  xx
i would stay up all night watching JB videos BUT i have school 
i would take if i could rizzoakasoft  sorry.
i would tell u how much i've missed u since u've been away 
i would turn my pic green... but... i dont think i can do that in MS  lol.
I would want to be with you 
i would! sadly, i do t live in san diego 
I would. I was standing on my trampoline yesterday just waiting and waiting for one to form but nope! Nothing 
i woulda kept callin but i didnt wanna seem like a stalker u kno  smh im mad
I wouldn't doubt we'll have 3&quot; of rain by morning 
I wouldn't mind walking in the rain if i didn't have expensive technology in my hands... 
i would've won big weds if you just had to have the numbers scattered across your ticket instead of in a row 
I wrecked my lexus!  I really need to slow down!     you should see what I did to the guys truck.  http://twitpic.com/4ejdl
I write a paragraph I get 2 lines back! 
i wrote &quot;the nann&quot; i meant &quot;the nanny&quot; sry  epic failure
I wrote 2 songs but I don't really like either of them too much.  oh well, tomorrow is a new day and maybe I'll edit them.
I wrote a sizeable post about amazing Scribblenauts is and now I can't post it.  OTOH, Joystiq had a ten word challenge to vex the game.
I wrote my paper in English and now that I'm about to present it in Bahasa, I'm so confused what to say. I shud have joined the honors 
I wud let my hair grow longer (i rather it longer) but it would look a mess while its growing  Did anyone ever here of bebo?i jus did der!
i wunddaaaa where shalyiiee attt...i miss her! 
I wuz at my favorite watering hole, but the owner can in, in a bad mood. Started yelling at his barkeep 4 nutin'.ruined a good BUZZ!! 
i wuzz gonna leave work early but since this heffa came back..i gotta stay till 4:40...     
i yawned so hard that the gum in my mouth fell out 
I yeah that's right I'm sad 
I&quot;m going through with drawl cause I cant post any videos! 
I, love you. 
I,m listening to UB40 and mourning the fact that Ali Campbell and UB40 are no more R.I.P - boo hoo!! 
I.  HATE.  RUNNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! &gt;  argh!!!!!!! 
I. HATE. @Farrahri. she always gets @Jonasbrothers' merch first. 
i. hate. waking. up. EARLY. i swear, i'm about to rip off someone's head. hahahaha. save me please 
I. Miss. S. Period. 
I. need. more. energy. today. 
I..... Have....... No...... Life..... (If only the hubby had daily access to a computer  )
I...... bought shoes. 
I....am....bored 
i...am....so....tired  i have to walk along a stupid beach countin stpid ciggarette ends in the stupid f***ing rain  im not in a gd mood
I...just got visciously attacked by fire ants  FML!
i.am.so.tired. i shouldn't have stayed up for that silly short french open finals. bluegggh. now i.am.gonna suffer the whole day 
I.hate.LSAT.class. Wish I was golfing with the fam on Mother's Day 
i.need.lip balm 
î?‹î?‹It looks like rain again  î„ˆî?‹î?‹
i?C.B+T.H|| I ish sad  Because im listening to a sad song 
I`ll take a bath na! \/ Finally. )))))))))))))) K, sorry na. 
I`m feeling like I can draw 3 molys in one week, but I know I shouldn`t on this thing til I pass my exam two weeks later... 
I`m going to see my honey today.. ah - just see him on the weekends because hi`s at the army 
I`m in a glass case of emotion! And i hate it!!!  Hallo Sackgasse 
I`m not feeling well. 
I`m sitting in home and I`m boring  I`m so sad...
i`m sitting in my garden, and whate thats my boyfriend comming home... the sun is shining but its very cold outside... 
I`m so sad.  I still don`t know #whatsmysection #whatsmysection #whatsmysection #whatsmysection #whatsmysection #whatsmysection !
i`m so tired 
I`m trying to stay away and prevent eating some food but I can see them everywhere. 
I`m waiting for a final decision from a hospital in NY that interviewed me for IT position. Please god help me to get this job  I need it
i`ve overslept i`m late for work 
ï¿½ miss my future, ï¿½ wanna see her  ï¿½ for damn sure don't wanna wait til monday
ï¿½97 for a new laptop battery!!!! Not amused 
ï¿½anisalovesu me too. I am so so upset,especially because i fear i won't get a Jared hug tomorrow 
ï¿½ber sick  Trying to muster up the strength to head into work....
ï¿½ou can have whatever u like!...inly if u r mr killjoy or march21 ;)  btu fuck i don't want a man like either yet only wanna ride those 2 
î…•Working 2-10  î?† @ Bull Creek Rd &amp; Jackson Ave
ï½¡â—•â€¿â—•ï½¡ @kristianasmits you have the swine flew?? @ciroayala has a secret!  @LindaVeizaj sorry about that! 
I-95 just came to a dead stop 
I-95 traffic is a killer in the am! Jeez...road rage!!!!! 
I95=massive traffic 
IÂ´m back after fire test  go down from 11th floor by leader was so tiring
IÂ´m boooored! Tomorrow is my last night in the US 
iÂ´m bord dont have to goo to scool today thats a nice  bud stil bord 
iÂ´m bored!! i donÂ´t know what to do !!  
IÂ´m boring...itÂ´s rainy here in Germany..thatÂ´s sux 
IÂ´m feeling very bad !! waaaaaaaaaaa !! 
IÂ´m freeezing! 
IÂ´m learning for school 
IÂ´m not good today 
IÂ´m sad and crying 
iÂ´m sad my cat...he is died  
IÂ´m so mad! I've been trying to render a video on sony vegas for about 5 hours now..soo tireeed! IÂ´ll try again tomorrow 
IÂ´m so tired and ill, I want to sleep but I have to learn for some tests, which take place tomorrow 
IÂ´m soooooooo bored  friday night and IÂ´m at home!!!!!
iÂ´m sweating!!  mhhh reguisit was very hard to hear... but the desire to life without drugs of the woman was amazing
iÂ´m watching the news with lot of fever... my iranian brothers n sisters getting shot 4 wanting freedom! 
iÂ´ve finished my breakfast. My day is starting now, but i think that today itÂ´s gonna be a boring day. I have to do my homework  
IÂ´ve had enough Biology for now...I think...Think IÂ´m gonna learn my Latin 
Iâ€™m sorry, I did not mean, to hurt my little giirl.. Letâ€™s be honest, I cannot carry, the weight of a heavy worldâ™ªâ™ª 
Iain's working mega late tonight  Kind of my fault for not changing the clock time, lol :s
iam dying of man flu..wait i forgot i'm a woman so it's just a cold 
iam having such a bad day it shit omg i should have never moved bk here oh well not much i can do now 
Iam heartbroken. The receptionist vacancy for the tattoo studio in Glasgow is filled 
Iam In Need Of Some Moral Support Now 
iam inlove with someone but htey dnt know 
iam late today !!!!  
Iam Learning ASP.NET and SharePoint now  - 2 months earlier -- JAVA hmm
iam so bored and coming down with a cold   but i get to see my kitty named kita and my puppy named pearl;-)
Iam soooo sleepy..... but I really need to study 
iam watchin britains got more talent i loooooovvvvveeeee DIVERSITY WHOOOOOO they won!!!!!!!! but i also loved stavour flatly 
Ian Crawford left the cab 
ian crawford left the cab  so sad.
Ian Crawford why did you have to leave The Cab 
IAN ISN'T IN THE CAB ANYMORE!?! Sad 
Ian isn't very chipper today  I think he's not feeling well.
ians left the cab?  damn :/
IANS OUTTA THE CAB.. WHYYY 
Ianto overheated! 
IAustin is wonderful but I  miss my kids. 
Ibanez is on disabled list 
Ibiza's DC10 forced to stay closed  -... http://ff.im/3uRzR
icant believe it's june. 23 more days until my bday 
ICC T20 or French open or Turkey GP 
ice &gt;Syrup = poor snow cone... Thanks eskimo sno! 
ice cream and deadliest catch....almost makes up for the grand in camera equip I had stolen 
ice cream gone now 
Ice cream is all I can tolerate. 
Ice cream made in class was nasty  i hate OJ!
ice cream man woke me up 
Ice cream van still audible but still elusive  Can you still buy feast lollies? They were class!
ice cream....mmmm...too bad it's not Pandasized 
ICE FAIL!! now I have to travel in a very old IC  ... ICE doesn't like me! 
Ice machine, but NO SIGN of a vending machine. And I so want a Pepsi. 
Ice pack on my neck! Whip lash! 
Ice tea really is delicious. Bonus score in that it stops my lips from burning 
Ice-cream taste testing is not as fun as it sounds 
icepack pressed to my face. migraines are baaaack 
Iceweasel does NOT like Tweetgrid at all. 
Ich bin zur Zeit arbeitslos. = I'm currently unemployed. [ #German #phrases ] - Well, not me - but nowadays many people are 
Ich habe ein cold or something  My nose is all blocked and throat is hurty.
Ich hasse Deutsch! I hate german  it's too much to learn
Ich liebe Kunst aber I get crap marks for it  Rahh! I hate theory! 
Ich will KÃ¼he und Titten 
Ich will mitentscheiden!  #eu2009 #iwannabeanaustrianjustforaday
iChat isn't working 
ICHC doesn't update as often as it used to  But i still get images like this so it's okay- http://cheezburger.com/tw/?v1-102011 #lol #ichc
Ichigo has been good at Ping&amp;pooping outside but not used to the fact he doesn't have his sister  lonely puppy
icing my ankle 
Icing my ankle. Rolled it over playing basketball.   http://twitpic.com/7s2wr
Icing my back. In lots of pain 
Icing my joints 
icing my knee 
Icing my knee because it started to swell when I stopped walking and it hurts. ??? Also, seriously do not feel like being alone tonight. 
Icing my knee cuz I whiped out on my skateboard today 
icing my lip, watching tv, and some homeworkkkkk. 
icing my poor little knee  brrrr!
Icing the swollen ankle and knee  No running for a while
Ick ick ick... Sweat. I so want to be drug free-- my system is too sensitive for prolonged antibiotics, even the non IV kind. 
ick more rain. 
Ick!! I'm cleaning my Beta bowls for Indy and Ollie tonight.  They're both so cute, but their bowls are...  well... you know...  
Ick, ick, mouthful of salt!!!  
Ick. Just Ick.  I am so sick of this oncoming cold, and now I have to go to work.
Ick....its sooo hot outside. 
Ickkk! Just saw that jon&amp;kate just filed for legal split on @Perezhilton! So much for ruining the suspence 
Icky is exactly how I feel at this moment in time. 
iCracked my iPhone.      
i'd be there 
I'd be way more stoked about life if I could type properly 
I'd become a stalker if people were more interesting.  But most are awfully dull 
I'd better start working... I don't want to 
I'd better try resting, up in 5hrs  this hospital had better have a decent telly. Wish me luck - gdnite  x
id eat my weight in pizza right now if i had the money, so its a good thing im broke? 
I'd enjoy summer a lot more if my tolerance for heat wasn't so miserably low. 
I'd find it a lot more interesting/possible to write an app for the @boxee dev challenge if there was a windows version available 
I'd have a million subscribers and making 17cents off youtube instead of being unemployed, submitting 50 applications a day, and hungry! 
I'd have to say my Follow Friday is @ninjaigang - bloody awesome webshow (i'm a kung fu fanatic :p ) *SIGH* reminds me of David Carradine 
I'd have to say that my strangest high school memory is when I accidentally barged in on a Klan meeting at the local pizza parlor.  Scary 
I'd just like to say that Brokeback Mountain is a very depressing movie.
i'd kill for a red bull but i have no time to stop anywhere! 
I'd like a new head please... one that doesn't hurt 
I'd like to be in a movie 
i'd like to check my personal email. also a red bull &amp; a sandwich 
I'd like to go out and explore and enjoy Boston, but I have to stand in this long ass line til SATURDAY!!!!! oh man 
I'd like to hear something, but I don't know what 
i'd like to watch tv...but i think my gma is blocking the view. 
I'd love the song Every Part Of Me but it's not been released or leaked HQ full yet 
I'd love to be able to do CSS.  Fluently.  And XHTML with a bit of PHP thrown in for good measure.  But I can't 
I'd love to have a big cup of coffee and some Krispy Kreme donuts this morning.  Too bad that makes me sick.  So I'll just skip it.  
I'd love to know where all these random scratches &amp; bruises come from, they never seem to go away 
I'd love to post Ivana &amp; Adam by now... damned. Soooo long to wait 
I'd much rather be sleeping right now. 
I'd need to have something i can upgrade and play with lol...which unfortunately means the mac pro  i'll keep saving my pennies!
I'd prefer a whole host of other symptoms beside CONSTANT NAUSEA in the these last few weeks.  
I'd rather be asleep 
I'd rather be shopping....Sigh  
I'd rather be waterboarding. 
I'd rather not feel so ill right now  so much work to do so little energy and time
I'd rather see a kobe vs lebron matchup in the finals  Damn...
I'd really love to play this UNKLE album downstairs with the sub thumping, but I don't need a visit from the police for a noise complaint 
I'd say the Jonas brothers show in Dallas tonight will be January 4ths show times 10. I would do anything to be in Dallas atm. 
i'd wanna go for a jog. but my ankle does not seem to want to cooperate. 
Idayu's away!!  And my phone is bent!!
idea for lossy text compression? convert to another language with shorter words and less unique characters before normal compression 
Identity theft is a bitch...remember that...  http://myloc.me/2Nab
idiotic hackers got me this time, thinking of a domain change 
Idiots are bringing scrubs back for another season... They finished it so perfectly too  http://bit.ly/YFVmN
idiots that insist on telling every1 who won BGT I missed it was gonna watch l8r 
idk aboutt this jonas brothers cd.  im only feelin the slow songs right now 
Idk anymore 
idk but I lost the paper so I need to redo it 
idk how to help anymore. maybe youll just have to learn the hard way?... whatever im going 2 bed. drivers ed is gonna be hell tomorrow 
Idk i cant do shit 
idk i suck at thinking of names 
idk if @QueenMiMiFan 's carl had something to do with this or what..but my pc is not coming on! 
IDK if I wanna be rich, the more $ the more bills, the more taxes, the more worry...the more work  Explain again why this is a good thing?
Idk if ima make it back 2 my spot 2nite...this is way past my bedtime and I officially suck at washin clothes 
idk if it's cash or alle i hear snoring, but it's keeping me up! miss the bestie @xTR_ASHx &amp; want to see herrrr sooner rather than later 
Idk maybe I should 
idk wether i should tweet what im bliping...? idn't think i should... :/ it might make my twitter stream get to crouded 
Idk what else to say to you. I'm sorry  I don't feel like its completely my fault... Sorry.
IDK what I missed while I was out  but #gokeyisadouche
idk what ill do when im older go to perth or sty here? 
idk what im doing. 
idk what imma do without my camera 
idk what the he'll is going on... 
idk what to do anymore!! life is soo complicated, and i just dont know what is right!! being grown up stinks 
idk what to do for an hour until Britains got talent comes back on 
Idk what to do tonight... If I should get ready or caaall it a night! 
Idk what to do. 
idk what to do. what if i get expelled. i told myself i wont. plus my aunt passed away that same week and they think i dont care. 
Idk what to dooo.. 
Idk what to tell her or do to prove its not bullshit Idk how i let things get this bad  &lt;/3
idk what to wear to a rock fashion show...haha well I just don't have the right attire 
idk what to wear toniiiiight 
idk where my phone is hahaha and my dog got himself all dirty when I just gave him a bath 
idk why but i feel really remorseful. maybe it was bcus of yesterday 
Idk why emily would be mad at me  she was fine last night
idk why i can't see my profile picture 
idk why i drink caps, when IM NOT SUPPOSE TO DRINK MILK! &amp; idk why i use so much of it  my tummy is screaming at me  stupid dairy!!!
idk why im soo tired  lol ill go sleept early an catch up on sleep gnite
IDK Y BUT IM FEELIN KINDA SAD 
Idk! I just be tired I go to work in the am rush home take a hr nap n go to the next job  @RealRalphyG
Idk, but I love the Ice truck killer. 
idk...i forgot.  @curiousluvchild
Idk? Me sad. Long time no talk her. 
Idno where my phone is  sadsadsad
idont whant go to work!!! i just whant stay in bed 
IDontFeelWell  &amp;Im Going To Flippin Pizza Express For Some Pizza That I Dont Want
idontknow how to tweet at someone 
Idontwannagotowoooooork  stupid airplanes. Stupid packages that make my hands nasty 
IDP stats- fail.. and im stumped 
idw to get out of bed. red is sleeping so peacefully with me 
idw what am i gonna do today, its going to the gym or going to the pool, but at the last one may be a person i dont wanna see 
Ieh!!! Should have stayed in Germany! Went from very sunny 22C to rainy 16C 
If a 2 1/2 year old is willingly laying on the couch in the middle of the morning, chances are she doesn't feel good.  
If a picture paints a thousand words, then why can't I paint you? 
If all they typing I was doing into Tweetie was going into Scrivener, I'd have this document half-written by now 
If any of you are going to the Gothic Charm School book release party tonight, have fun for me! I don't get to go. 
If any sucke- I mean EARLY ADOPTERS are ditching their 3G for a 3GS on Fri and want to unload it, lemme know. I had a phone disaster. 
If ANY1 knows how 2make or where 2buy POTENT &amp; i mean POTENT (snoop dogg,lil wayne POTENT) edibles PLZ contact me.im tired of the search 
If anybody feels like texting plz text me! 
If anybody see a princess called JESS say it that i miss her lovee n i losin' my mind without she  i need she i cant breathe Jess miss ya
If anybody's up, they should text/call/IM. It's always so lonely on a Sunday night because all the good students are sleeping early. 
if anyone agrees to write my report, am willing to pay.. yeah am sinking low 
If anyone finds my Dog, please return him...  He answers to Adam 
if anyone gets the today's mantra emails, let me know if the photo came out in yours (the html version).  Mine didn't work today  
If anyone has any advice on turning a very nice guy down please let me know   
if anyone has heard info about the car break ins in my neighborhood,  it'd be cool if you let me know. i can't stop thinking about it. 
if anyone has the BeyondBasscamp.com site open in a browser window, PLEASE rightclick and save the image files in the header... 
If anyone I know is going to the disc golf tournament at ellison park today, call me. I feel alone and out of place 
If anyone in @BloNo lost a large black dog it's just chilling on Clearwater Ave. If I didn't have a dog and 2 cats I would bring it in. 
If anyone is interested I have two myspace accounts. but I cannot log into any of them. my computer crashes everytime i log onto myspace. 
If anyone knows of somewhere in the city that offers pineapple fro yo, hook a sista up!! I am in dire need.  Didn't get my fix in SC 
If anyone wants to hang out with me today, they'll have to pick me up. My car has NO gas. 
If anyone wants to hangout text me! My internet is down! 
If anyone wants to help me out with this DM me and i'll give you my details...   Might be important!  Prob not.. but need to check.. 
If anyone wants to send over any good news, we'd like to hear it today - nothing positive has so far has come in 
if bill compton has wii, why can't he have twitter? 
If cavs loose this game I'll be walking around the rest of the night with my lips poked out 
If Clint Eastwood dies can we make him a zombie because I don't want him to die  (he's very old)
If colleague not working = bye bye sims 3  - http://tweet.sg
if crickets a draw cos of rain then england go out 
If everyone had to send checks each quarter, there would be revolution in the streets tomorrow. Ignorance breeds complacency. 
if everyone says that sleep is good, why is it that I can not sleep. I lay down, count bumps in the ceiling, get up, cose a little etc 
If FB were smart they'd be more like Twitter. Once it got complicated it wasn't the fun, simplistic site anymore 
if fed up with the NSW v QLD game 
If foreign embassies leave Iran our defenceless ppl inside Iran won't have any protection anymore, they'll be slaughtered  #iranelection
If Harry could make it on short notice, I'd be taggin' along! 
If he can't talk to me. 
If he is my Edward but I am not his Bella then He is Bella and I am his Jacob. I don't want to be Jacob! 
if he wasn't so quiet, it wouldn't be so complicated... i think... 
if i accidentally hit your car tonight, sorry! my bad 
If I am going to help host a card party tonight I can not mow this afternoon...my back is NOT cooperating. Wish I still had Vicodin. 
if i am nice to people, will they be nice back? or will i get a metaphorical slap in the face? stress in the air. bad. 
if i cant drink on my 18th birthday, then i dont want to have a party no more 
If i can't sleep with socks on why would i be able to sleep with hot feet ? Stupid weather. It's soo hott 
If I concentrate hard, I get tired and have a distractions backlash. If I don't concentrate, I develop a habit of distraction.  #fb
if i cough anymore my larynx will shoot out. im so ill 
If I could afford the lil' guy I would take him home today, but I just can't right now. 
If I could return to 24 hours ago, I would have not drank.  The hospital bill is gonna be huge.
If I didn't have Josh moving in here, I would let  You move in wit me and help you out! Hate to see you go!  B[dub]tm[TRUST]
If i didn't have so much work to do i'd be sitting around all giddy and excited like a good fanboy for tomorrows WWDC... 
If I didn't use #twitter, I wouldn't know that I'm the only one in #wa not at #emetrics 
If I do OT then I don't have to be @ the house as much &amp; I'd have more $ but I won't have enough time w the esposo!  things 2 consider
if i dont die in a plane crash on saturday or sunday, i have another chance of being in plane crash the next sunday going to melbsie  ahhh
if i don't get an edited section from someone soon, they'll just have to deal with the plot not working. lazies 
If I dont get my tickets paid in 2 weeks Imma go to &quot;federal pound me in the ass prison&quot;  #MQD
If I don't get some sleep NOW I'll be dead in the morning. My small monsters will be up at 6 
If I don't really talk to anyone from my graduating class how will I find out about the reunion  I'm sure ill live lmao
If I don't see my nieces and nephews soon, they're never gonna know who I am 
If i dont talk to you night&amp;sleeptight 
if i drove id b sittn n traffic...on the bus im sitn nxt 2 a wet ass lady and her wet ass dog and screamin ass kid...i can't win  WTFUCK?!
If I eat nothing but a pint of ice cream a day am I going to lose OR gain weight?  ?
If I ever have the chance to build a plane, I'm gonna program the a/c to allow only temperatures above 25Â°C so no one can catch a cold 
If I ever have to have another iv again it will be to soon 
If I fall asleep minutes before Conan again that would be too sad  btw, what a cool name. really only he could pull it off though
If I felt ill before an afternoon kip, I feel worse now, headache will not budge 
if i had a baby, i would love it and play with it and keep it healthy and safe.  
If I had a flying car, I-95 traffic wouldn't bother me so much 
If I had a man, I would hve never signed up on twitter in the club on a Tuesday night 
If i had friends on twitter they would know im getting sick 
if i had of known it was star wars day i would have watched star wars 
if i had one wish....just one. it would be for things to go back to the way they used to be..back when...he still loved me 
if i had rhythm, id sing #squarespace a song...but alas, i dont 
If i have a nightmare about the ruins tonight i'm going to kill myself. Seriously :/. Sleep with me  scare the monsters away.
If I have nightmares tonight about severed Achelllis Tendons, I blame Kyle, @pmanwavo and @milleinad 
if i have to walk home from town i will DIIIIEE....ok myb not but whine, cause eurgh. im a silly 
If I haven't followed you back, sorry.  I've been behind w John being sick and my dad's 3 surgeries, and now Twitter just isn't working. 
if i just have the chance. . 
If I keep losing followers, I will be in that 80 Percent Of Accounts too 
if i knew how to i would twitpic this crazy ass dude on the stage!!! 
If I open it, my whole life would be at great risk. 
If I said my feet were sore it would be an understatement   #aacr
if i say i love him a thousand times it wud never enough i know there's no second chance in the world 
If I see one more of these tonight I'm going to ... I don't even know   http://twitpic.com/5c8qd
If I stay on this computer I'll be wasting time, but if I turn it off I'll get so bored  Why does it take me so long to fall asleep?
If I take a red-eye to LA ... I could be there by morning right? I miss the CA entourage ... 
If I understood correctly, than CT24 reporting that in  NovojiÄ?Ã­nska 9 dead from floods 
If I unfollow you it's prolly because you mentioned the &quot;IDE which must not be named&quot; - not for anything personal. Losing good people 
If I used a custom t-shirt site to make my logo's does that disqualify me?? 
if i want to take my freedom , i must to lose him .  never choose !
if i was feeling better id maybe go down to the playhouse and try and meet some #bgt finalists alas I'm Sick and Its raining 
if i wasnt workin in 5 hours id be gettin ratarsed to the point where i couldnt even see let alone stand up...THAT is how shit i feel 
if I were a car.. not having insurance would give me low self-esteem. 
If I were an American, I'd be a conservative ( proudly ) . It saddens my heart greatly to see what's happening to that great country 
If I were to get my iPod fixed + a case for it, I would be spending a total of $603.67 to have a working iPod... This is rediculous! 
If I won the Dell laptop today at #bcleeds09 + someone sent a picture for #spud really fast, I would have BACS'd them ï¿½50.00 
If I'd bought the Macbook, it would've been used 2 play only. None of my tax preparation software is compatible! So I have no choice! 
If I'd worked out more than once this week, it might have justified getting that free Krispy Kreme doughnut  http://bit.ly/10mED6
If Ididn't have to drive an hour to the airport at 10:00 tonight I think I might have a drink. 
If I'm my doc's 1st appt of the day, why am I waiting &amp; waiting &amp; waiting? wldnt care if I didn't have Rae's appt @ 10am! 
If I'm scheduled to 12:30am I expect to be off at that time! I'm so grumpy 
If I'm sick all summer I'm going to be sooo bummed  I hate standing outside alll night its freezing
If in 30 minutes i'm still so bored, i think i'll go sleep blah 
If it could quit raining for a while, that would be super.  http://bit.ly/efwCZ  http://bit.ly/Nbgov  My poor plants.  
If it rains on Friday, I will have nothing to do 
if it starts thundering i'm going to freak out. 
If it took Apple 3 versions to get the iPhone right, is Apple the new Microsoft? Say it ain't so 
If it was easy, it wouldn't be called Love. My poor baby girl is hurtin. 
if it wasn't 4 going 2 church 	6pm it would've been  @swtweetypie thnx 4 askin...2moro is a new day
if it wasnt raining i'd be having a picnic with billy bear sarnies BAD TIMES 
if its a 7 hur flight or a 45 minute drive.. 
If its alright, ill lie awake at night pretending I am curled up at your side. What would I do without @delta_goodrem and her songs? 
If its not one thing its another... Hate my life   right now 
if its not the dogs in the morning waking me up its a random in the backyard cutting down a treee  ughh...Beach now !!!!!
if it's raining tomorrow morning and I can't go to colombia road then i'll be seriously 
if it's really june why is it still not hot outside?  *hates on the rain.*
if it's what you want you don't have to be with me, i've never been good enough for you anyway. i guess this is the end? 
If jenn doesn't call me back i won't be seeing 17 Again. 
If Jesus is fabricated a la the Da Vinci Code then Christianity is worthless...
If Jon and Kate divorce, I will cry. 
if lucas till and taylor swift start dating i will start barfing goats all over the placeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee   +o(       
if ma friends not sick 
If my dad gets promoted , goodbye SD   that's lame .
If my girl ever left me for someone less hotter then me i'd be devastated! 
if my hair looked oily today, it's because i ran out of shampoo and had to use the colour me shiny one 
If my Mom loved me she would get me sims 3 tomorrow at midnight...she said no 
If my new video didn't come up in your sub box... which i've already been told.  http://bit.ly/2ptLJA
If my twitter came with music...my page's song would be Imagination (Crown Royale Suite)..no relevance to my life tho'...or my page 
If n e 1 wants 2 talk abt havin a bad wk then lets talk abt my wk which keeps gettin worst!jus pulled a I 4got my wallet wit @jgeneus  sry
If Nelson Mandela is publicly backing Jacob Zuma, then I've lost a little respect for the man.. 
If Nina were to ever dump me, I'd have a hell of a time working on my revenge bikini body. 
If off to the dentist today 
if one people did any wrong, the world blames all the people over there, this is the great world which we are living in!  Shit!
If only a pizza place were open right now. 
If only bmth will come to sg after their indonesia gig but i doubt so  Oli Sykes!!!
If only I could be in Warrenton, Virginia today. 
If only I could be like them , 
if only I could find a guy that was crazy about me the way Steve was over Laura....  lol
If only I could find my Canon for sale at a reasonable price 
If only I could make dis feeling go away 
if only I don't need to fix my selphy photo printer...what a jam 
If only I knew the questions then I could plan an answer 
if only i lived in dallas texas again then i would totally go! but i moved 2 cali 
If only I was rich and could of afforded to go on the NKOTB cruise. 
if only i'm that rich 
If only KOTR would be out before 2067.. 
if only Kurt Cobain were still alive to do a Nirvana reunion tour... 
If only Mark had twitter.. 
If only muxtape was still around in its original incarnation 
If only NPH wasn't gay 
If only the spreadsheets worked the way I wanted them to 
If only there was some kind of vitamin or something you could take to stop you from procrastinating.  All nighter most likely 
If only.... If only... 
if real life was as exciting as CSI I would study in a heart-beat, in reality its like a shit ass boring episode of The Bill 
If Regina Spektors new album actually sucks (which it kinda does, according to perez), I'll be very sad 
if she love u and you're happy ....i'm happy too 
if she says her nips a falling out and they dont.... im upset 
If sleepin is the only way 2 make it go away then ima sleep all the time.  I hate this! I hate this! I hate this! I hate this! Goodnight!
If some of you sm.netters know, ok. For those of you who don't know, sm.net is down... 
if someone had've told me things would get this hard..i would never have done it 
IF SOMEONE KNOW HOW CAN I DO TO DEMI LOVATOS SEE THIS PROFILE CAN EVERY ONE THAT IS FOLLOWING ME CAN PLEASE SAY DEMI TO FOLLOW ME 
If something doesnt happen around here im gonna fall asleep 
If starting over builds character, I must be an over-animated-bafoon 
If Susan Boyle has won I will be a very unhappy person 
if susan boyle wins ama cry 
if swine flu continues, no florida vacation this year. 
If that boy don't love u by now... 
If that Ms. Philien finished discussing earlier, I could have spent even a short time with you  OH WELL. I miss you 
if that would work like a charm...OH MY GOSH!! My life would be so perfect â™¥â™¥ but it's so implausibly 
if the Google Project 10 to the 100th is not discontinued? ??? 
If the night is going the way I think it is, there's no reason to watch the Nucks game, since the Hawks will win 
If the weather's like this for MML tomorrow I'll be happy, just no rain please 
If there is only 1 week sem break for me there will also be NO HONGKONG TRIP for me. SAD! 
if there was a fan club called &quot;my hair never stays curled&quot;... i'd join it! ughhhh! 
if there were two things that i hate the most in the whole world it would be hot needles in my eyes and fucking driving to L.A.  sad face
If there's an earthquake now, I'll die. 
If there's no tweets from me tmrw, its cuz I walked myself into a therapist's office for being an emotional wreck. 
if they can't give me the medicine the baby needs? and now the pharmacy doesnt even have it. poor baby is so fussy. 
If this hail dents my car i am going to be highly upset! 
If those ruddy car yard men don't stop racing their Maseratis up &amp; down our one-way residential street, I shall jolly well blog them! 
If tomorrow isn't as hot as today, then what's the point of lemonade and ice cream? 
If Topanga (Danielle Fishel) gets nailed for DUI what hope do *we* have? 
If U Having Girl Problems I Feel Bad For You Son 
if u need to find me, just go to west monroe, look for the biggest half paved parking lot and one pissed fatigued roller operator 
If u r follwing stars, you may see them saying I'm in UK I'm in Germany I'm in Au I'm at the airport bla bla bla... everyday! I envy them 
if u see random stufff in my updates its because of my stupid phone 
If ur on the 110 and u saw some blonde girl on the side of the road, that was me.. Just got in an accident  grrr and I was doing soo good!
If walmart wasn't almost 1hr away I would go get Above N Bey today but, it's too damn far  I'll make the trip Sat ,if they have any left
If we don't find extra funding and a new home by end June 09, then we are going to close 
If wish mr burns would leave. Can't really do anything while he walks around like he owns the place...oh wait he does 
if yesterday was considered Heaven then today must be Hell 
If you are in Yorkville, Canada be on the look out for Rob Lowe. Why can't he show up in the Midwest? 
If you are missing your fluffy gray cat there's a good chance I ran it over last night circa Blue Ravine and Riley.  I'm sorry 
if you are not here ... I would just be a sad cold and starless night 
If you are playing #1vs100 shoot me a party invite, I am alone 
if you clean out a closet and dump it on the bed, then it sucks when you want to curl up in bed and read a book  
If you dance harder he'll be reminded of how great the ass was... Or maybe not 
If you didn't register by Wed (after at&amp;t extended eligibility), you'll be denied the preorder line.   http://yfrog.com/75abij
If you do randomfacts on tj it will probs get moved cos its gay now 
If you don't do this, the function (is this example, count()) will be called EVERY time it's looped, which will slow down your apps. 
If you ever need pricey dental work this is an excellent option for paying for it w/no interest  creditcare.com  Crowns are expensive 
If you finish a book and need a shower to remove the icky feeling, it may be time to quit the series 
If you followed us recently, PLEASE dont be offended that we haven't followed back. We hit our limit.   Hopefully we will be free soon.
If you go to an Air Show always use sun block! I didn't.... 
if you go with me, I'll probably come back. 
IF YOU GOT SOMETHING FROM ME DONT OPEN IT. IT IS A VIRUS! Also, dont open any new profile update links... I didnt post or send it.  Sorry 
If you happen to like the WNBA, follow me @jejones_sacbee cuz I'm at the Monarchs game. If u don't follow me, you don't like me 
if you have 75 cents, U can buy a share of GM stock.  Probably 50 cents tomorrow. 
If you have a USB drive and when you plug it in nothing happens I suggest you go ahead and remove it.  As it may burst into flame.  
If you have an old injury,thought pain was supposed 2 appear either in activity or cold weather.It's hot out &amp; my knee hurts 
If you haven't already, go to NBC.com and watch Farrah Fawcett's story to put it all into perspective. I heart Ryan and Redmond. 
if you haven't noticed, this is the last day of summer. tomorrow will be just another normal weekend. 
If you heard about my day, maybe you'd cry too. 
If you liked twitter background images you wouldn't be home now 
If you live in Texas and would like a cat, please let me know.  I have to get rid of my big call named Ember.  
if you love me, wont you let me know?  ? http://blip.fm/~7c46d
If you need to reach me call the cell cause I'm not picking up the home phone again..... 
If you really think Harry Potter is evil, you're a dumbass......
If you see 3 dead raccoons on 675....my fault... 
If you take away your love away from me, I'll go crazy, I'll go insane. Don't leave, stay with me tonight 
If you think it's summer in Chicago you're wrong.  Indoor winter began today 
if you think that the world doesn't have a end .... see that people are helping to get it ... and i won't be a happy ever after ...   
If you typo &quot;hearts&quot; it could become &quot;hearst&quot;. Wow 
If you use twitterfon on the iPhone, don't get the update...it just fills it with ads 
If you want me to read your email, don't send it with a subject line typed in all caps. I don't like to be yelled at. 
If you want to go to the big city (Rotterdam) the catenary system of the train is out of order!  
If you were missing cranky baby, she's back! she eventually nodded off at 3am Godamnit! Poor @rickharwood still has to work 
If youâ€™re planning on tripping down the stairs donâ€™t be carrying a cat while you do it. Youâ€™ll just end up getting all scratched. Ouch.. 
If your in Cali, Mariah's song will be premiering at 12 NOON!!! We are 3 hours behind Chicago, hoping they play it b4 the funeral 
If your question is should Jimmy be asleep right now. The answer is yes and a sad smiley face because of planes.  haha
If your Snow Leopard is running slow - stop using Safari 4 and stick to FireFox... From what I experienced, Safari kills it! 
If your system works correctly, it doesn't mean there are no bugs. It means there are even number of bugs. 
If you're going to charge me that much for parking permits, the least you can do is let me buy them when I want to 
If you're going to have to do it again and again, i don't want you anymore  - http://tweet.sg
If you're in med school, don't get sick your first year!  You will totally miss some of your last summer off 
If you're trying to register for Flash Camp, please bear with us as Eventbrite is down at the moment  Sorry!
If you've never experienced La Crosse County on the back of a Harley you should!! Best day ever yesterday! Library all day/night now  
If you've recieved a DM off me, please ignore: my account was hacked 
IF.... they keep rising the warning level of HK, I'm afraid I would have to change the flight 'n route  Possible to get a seat by then?
Iglu and hartly 
Ignore my last retweet it is not on eBay anymore 
Ignored again today.  It's ended.
Ignored by everyone... 
ignoring my courses friend that very like to disturb me  I dont like him anymore
iGoogle isn't loading, I has a sad 
igotta headache 
Iguess I shouldn't be starting fights at midnight 
Ih... Subway fechado 
Ihate it when Ihave to drive others car 
iHatee Twitter 
ihy twitter for not letting me make yuki my background 
ii Dono Ho De Hell ii'M Ment To Use That o_0 iiTs So Hard ? There's Nuthiin On TV &amp;&amp; To Bad To Go Out &amp;&amp; ii Super Super Bored 
ii hurt 
ii juss cann do thiis anymore 
ii just cried my eyes out listening to the labyrinth soublndtrack. Brings back my super younger days  x
ii wanna go home for thee weekend  but ii have no gas. sukks (_!_)!!
ii wanntt sprinkles really badd. and im sickk 
ii wish summer just came along , school finished and there was no more HOMEWORK ! 
Iï¿½m afraid of my english examination on tuesday!  and now Iï¿½m watching TV!
Iï¿½m going to best buy to change my cam 
Iï¿½m having THE MOST FUCKIN DAY OF MY WHOLE LFE.    I wish I could tell you whatï¿½s going on,but I canï¿½t..
iiabblog is down again 
iight i'll be back...heading to the bank 
iight im bout to hit the bed my twitt fams lol hit me in da am..still kinda sad bout orlando.. 
iii cann not sleep anymore 
iii have to work in ze morning  buuut @Karen4282 had a super sweet bonfire !
III-A. Had a good first day of school, but still not used to seeing different faces. I MISS II-A! 
iiii ddooonntt feeel well, and i have tons of hw for tomorrow 
iiii just had a huge bug crawling on my chest! that'll teach me to not open my window a crack on the drive home from vegas to litter 
iiii wannt a shopping spree 
iiiiiidonttttttttknowwwwwww what it is but i dont like it  | come back madeline
iim hungry and i dnt wnt to eat pb&amp;j no more 
iim miss the JLSofficial ii need it back  pls sort iit out asap i miss All about jls and all about marvin  ahhhhhhh not fair !!!! x
iim so frickin confussed at how to use this thing! this is a horrible website 
iiN A REAL STRESSFUL STATE OF MiinD 
IIRC, all the starbucks I'll pass  in Ft. Worth are closed already 
iis at home now! Hoping no more storms come so she can sleep, but I think I hear one coming 
IIS Directory Security &gt; IP Restrictions... Added the correct ip but didn't work... Log shows 192.168.0.1 despite pc being 192.168.0.200 
IIt's 7am here in Blighty and I've been hacking away in Photoshop for two hours trying sort out a blog article 
iit's soo boriing... all my friiends aren't @ home 
IK this is 4th tweet in 4mins, but I've been good the last few days &amp; it's a PERFECT (mother's) day but i have 2 work on my thesis  shitty
Iliana fell backwards off of her bed, into her closet, and has a big boo-boo on her lower back now where she hit on the toy box 
ilk someone smoking some stank ass weed outside my house.  ugh
Ill  Eyes burning, sore throat, temp 
ill  ohh.....i only have holidays......its ok your effing illness :-/
Ill  Thinking Let's Go Camping!! (: Summer 2009 Babyy!! &lt;3 (:
ill . and I miss my old time stories ..  http://myloc.me/2VSW
I'll also have to fix that in iTunes when blip.tv changes the URL since that's part of the RSS feed 
i'll always remember you max! 
I'll ask for a bulkhead or exit row seat when I board though. Airtran has squishy little seats. 
I'll be afk for a bit - I have a hot,steamy date pending... with the ironing  #fb
I'll be alright, Brenda.  I want a miracle to happen. FML!
ill be attending GUMBO without my new tweet tomorrow  but i think ill live lol
I'll be back in a few. At my mom's on her computer but I have to go home and twitter from my phone which sucks 
I'LL be back!! still hoping that taylor wil also accept my request!! pls!! 
I'll be finishing the Season 1 of GG later xD YAY!! ;) It sucks, still need to go to school on Friday..   Half day, though... VACATION! xD
I'll be glad when these accounts are resolved, it's giving me a headache 
I'll be going too...dammit it feels so lonely here without bro  and.... that bastard isn't here..
I'll be leaving the hotel before 8:30 EDT. I'm on way through Erie, PA and onto Niagara Falls. There's a chance of rain and hail, though 
ill be over at like 930 or 945  stupid workkk
I'll be so happy when everything is it's place at home. Such a long process though. With no help 
I'll be stuck with t-mobile forever! 
I'll be there - just nudge me if I doze off eh? hehehe! Sorry we missed you Saturday at Andy's grad party 
ill be working at the regis during all the F&amp;W demos/events  perhaps @richardblais will save me some leftovers?!
I'll clean my room  
I'll cry if they announce the D word!   
I'll die with the amount of homework I still have to do. It's so difficult not to procrastinate! 
ill do it later i think.. sooo tired and sleepy and i feel so bad i cant go hangin out with my friends 2day 
I'll do what it takes even if it means being your Personal Shopper 
I'll get my license next week na! Yay! Just got home! Nakakapagod mag drive ng van ha! Someone give me a Lancer Ex. 
ill give topfollow another chance had issues with them b4 tho 
I'll go from 28 (sort of) laptops to 11, not exactly 1:1 with 25 to 30 stu's. 
I'll guess I will see everyone after the weekend  Gunna be having major Tweet cravings the entire time!!...
ill have to close this page down, as i got friccin spammed&amp; its wreckin my head.....grr!!!! 
i'll have to wait another 6 months or more? 
I'll have to work all night 
Ill hiiiide you in my walls your booody will never be found ill wear your skin as a suuuuuit pretend to be you only 20 characters left 
Ill i can think about right now is that physics exam, and a movie i watched months ago that had a really sad ending. The thought of both 
i'll just buy a new phone at xmas .. six months away  !!
I'll just go watch Angels &amp; Demons tomorrow~ it's getting late and I won't catch the second to the last showing anymore. 
I'll just never be a morning person 
I'll make your &lt;3 beat like it's on cocainee!! Work all day, then a serious nap, SO MAD I missed speidi on &quot;I'm a celebrity&quot; last nite 
I'll miss a couple people I won't see anymore.  Had lunch with my two favorite aunts plus grandma, then came home and napped for 2 hours.
I'll miss Kareeeeeen, she'll be gone ALL weekend now that's horrible 
I'll miss my girls!   ?
i'll miss my parents and my friends 
I'll miss the 39th floor view... 
ill miss this city    
i'll miss twitter  
i'll miss you bitch 
ill miss you ian 
I'll miss you, @rahammer3rd!  
I'll miss you, 8 karmas. 
i'll miss you. 
i'll move on 
Ill never be skinny again if I keep wakin up from naps fienin' for ice cream 
i'll never eat octopus again ...it's just stuck in my throat .. 
I'll never forget her face as her eyes widened and screamed as if she witnessed horrors only she could see.  i hope you'll be ok
I'll never forget someone saying to me &quot;you're the ferrari people want, but can't have. they'll look at you but they won't have you.&quot; 
I'll never paint doors again. What a pain - literally. My hands are cramping up something bad. 
i'll never sleep at 7am again.  but i got Mos Def now, who cares?
Ill post a tweet every half an hour to show that I'm awake ugh I'm dozing off 
I'll probably end up seeing it by myself! 
I'll probably have better photos up later today. Took some picks with my big camera too. Camera phone = blury camera 
I'll say it.... I LOVE TWITTER.! Lmao. [Ewwww my phones all greasy  ]
Ill settle for carrots 
I'll stay positive for the most part but I'm stronger then half y'all because I can admit when I'm wrong. Emails being shot out now. 
i'll take a hit here, sad part? I probably won't get it 
I'll take u even if u ate 20 papa John's pizza's btw!! 
i'll tell you what i'm NOT doing- i'm NOT at comerica watching the tigers as planned... 
I'll try and solve this now. 
I'll try to be back tomorrow afternoon! So busy! This week = Make it or break it  blaaa, studying, gonna go to bed soon! g'night &lt;3 or &lt;4!
i'll try to get LVaTT today before lunch. because i just can't wait until tomorrow or after tomorrow. i need it today ! 
i'll try to make things like they used to. but it will only happen, if u also play along 
I'll tweet more in a bit! Got to go away from the web!  lol
ill, ill, ill...  That's nearly a week now.  My own stupid fault for burning the candle at both ends, am not as young as I used to be! 
ill, limping about, feels like my leg muscle has locked 
ill...  but at least I'll get some work done! (:
Illegal rave just started in the field behind my house... no sleep for me tonight then 
ill-ish 
iLook struggles to make Outlook more social http://bit.ly/JjUdF looks interesting, no Twitter support? 
iLOveYew Titi . Come Back frOm flOrida  . Ill See You In July . Atleast Were cominq back the same day &lt;3
ILOVEYOUSARAH. ah fuck. been an eventfull day, scared shitless for her though  Ily big sis, we'll get through this togetherâ™¥â™¥ love you
iloveyousincethe1stgradeitsthefirsttimewemet  *sigh*
ILoveYouToooooo  Feeling ill 
Ilse won't be home for another hour! 
ily TayMo . . . Miss You Terribly 
Ily too call me later then 
I'm  gonna go lay down and be sick. 
I'm  home from London but I'm poorly sick 
I'm  only at 59.50 hours at work this week - i  must have not entered some jobs 
im  pissed coz miley won award instead of paramore 
i'm  REALLY tired 
im  sooooo bored rite now ... i hate this 
im  sooooooo Tired  i think i may be dying .....       .....  #SaveEarl
im  starting to feel extremely tired its like a shroud falling over me, ive never felt this so quickly before 
IM  STILL SICKKKKK  buuuu, I want to be ok, so I can sing and play my guitaRRR , I have to go to study now  see yaaaa
im  truly exceptionally sleepy today  BUT MY WILL SHALL PREVAIL! twittah l8ttah
i'm &quot;tweeting&quot;??? soo new at this and sooo behind with the times 
Im *so* frustrated with my cellphone  It didnt send/receive any txts the last 2 days. I had 2 reset it this morning and then, BANG, 4 txt
I'm /FINALLY/ going to study, school (and math/biology exams) starts in 3 hours  #squarespace
I'm @ bearbucks, but see no one I know. 
im @ grecian in kennett. Im watching these people eat. Its grossing me out. They are eating with their fingers 
I'm @ my end and I'm losing respect for myself. I know what needs to be done and not sure why Ive yet to do it. Everyday is a wasted one 
i'm @ skool 7ada boring!!!!!  2morow is the last day!!! 
Im @ the dentist  ....scary people here...  
I'm @ work and totally unmotivated  what r u doing?
I'm @ work bOred  .. &amp;&amp; sickkk. can't wait to get hOme and Saleep
Im @ work now, thats okay cause the sun isnt shinning anymore  I hope for the weekend it will be very sunny LOL
I'm @ work. And I'm falling asleep. I don't think I'm feeling too good right now. 
I'm @ Yokohama sushi.. Dissapointed cus they don't have the lion king roll 
I'm 17th in the normal queue. Not sure where Personal Shopping appointment folk go 
Im 18 now, meaning im a young adult, but i have to say i miss the way mama would put me to bed when i was sick  - RIP Mommy!
I'm 18 years old !!! So what's next  not happy and drunk. Need sun love  like family love
I'm 2 high 2 get over. 2 low 2 go under. Stuck N the middle.. &amp; the pain is THUNDER 
Im 20 2day  i can feel the wrinkles cumin 4 me!
im 35 cents short of being able to get the book ive been wanting to read FOREVER. ive turned my damn house upside down looking for change 
I'm a bad duck parent. 
im a bad friend  ROFL i think im starving her ! HAHA ! and she has a massive headache too ! 
I'm a bad girlfriend  But Mike &amp; I talked. So I think everything is okay now. But still. I feel bad 
I'm a big ball of self-pity 
I'm a big dreamer and that's not really good all the time...  it makes me sad sometimes...
I'm a bit accident prone this week - I'm covered in bruises! 
I'm a bit annoyed with CH4's version of this... cutting lots out 
im a bit annoyed. Waiting before the WPA test starts. I hope i don't come to rehearsal too late 
I'm a bit bummed that I can't load my new background 
I'm a bit dissappointed with shinee they only performed 2 songs it was sooo short!  but ss501 was awesome too!
I'm a bit hungry..maybe i'm feeling a bit better..maybe not 
I'm a bit nervous right now 
I'm a bit of a snuffleupagus today, a couple sneezes, crappy nose  ruh roh
Im a bit sad today.Our farmers market locally was hit by the economy.I have to drive10 miles now for fresh veg until garden comes in 
I'm a blog addict 
i'm a bulls fan and they lost.  http://tinyurl.com/cxjwfp
I'm a burnt cookie  so daaawwwkkk dude wtf. I don't like today!!!
Im a celebrity get me out of here! 
i'm a celebrity, get me out of here. i didn't want sanjaya to go  ahah i'm so lame.
I'M A CHERholic!!!  just playing stupid lmao xD
I'm a clown in Chino, CA getting ready for a 2 hour bday party for a one year old and I just found out my flask is empty! 
I'm a coward and a pathetic loser. No wonder I can't get any  guy that  I like. 
im a fag aw, thats mean  im sad now 
Im a failure at everything 
I'm a fat and sad puffyn now 
I'm a giver, and life rewards the takers.  We givers make takers possible, but we get no appreciation for what we do--we just get taken.  
I'm a glutton for punishment and I miss my Ralphie more than anyone can possibly imagine 
im a goober  and have no idea how to use this.
i'm a hardcore pasta lover. lesson learnt at dinner tonight- SELF CONTROL! oh n i DON'T want to go to college monday 
I'm a horrible person.  i dont even mean to bee. 
i'm a hungry hippo.  
Im a hypochondriach, every not so little thing makes me positive im dead.  I really am much more positive than my tweets might indicate 
I'm a idiot thats all I can say... I make a promise to text/call someone and I don't why because I'm a idiot 
i'm a JINX in luck.. i hate draw-lots.. hope God has a better plan for me 
I'm a Laker hater but in all honesty Denver just doesn't deserve to win this game  piss me off!!!!!!!
i'm a liar, i've played ì§€ê¸ˆ ë§Œë‚˜ëŸ¬ ê°‘ë‹ˆë‹¤ a million times the past week...but turned off my scrobbler hahahaha  jigeum mannareo gamnida, swooon
Im a lil bored...... I feel bad im gettin spoilt 4 my b-day, presents r cool but i feel spoilt 
im a lil bumed out some one is actin like a stranger to me and i dont know y 
I'm a lil bummed, going to AT&amp;T tomorrow to drop 3G from my iPhone 
I'm a little  blue, my sister and nephew are heading back to L.A. as I type. 
I'm a little bit jealous of all the people out there on their boats. We have 2 pools at my apts and they're both closed still. No water. 
I'm a little bit worried because Nanay is experiencing hypertension again. 
I'm a little concerned about my excessive use of emoticons 
I'm a little disappointed  i hoped there would be hot wings...
im a little hung over right now but i wont complain because chris got a migraine 
I'm a little ill 
im a little red from tanning 
I'm a little sad because my grandmother &amp; my uncle can't come today here 
I'm a little sad orientation is coming to an end 
I'm a little sad to see Jumpcut.com go 
im a lonely one 
Im a loner  haha suckss
I'm a loserrrr 
i'm a nervous wreck!!! my hands r shaking that's how bad it is... what a great start to summer! 
I'm a question mark.  I don't wanna be a question mark. My pretty picture doesn't want to show...
I'm a ray of sunshine and light today 
I'm a real nowhere man waiting in my  nowhere place 
Im a really bad bowler 
I'm a really bad Twitterer...I almost never tweet 
I'm a slave to the library  heading home to Bella's smiling face.
I'm a stupid idiot making stupid comments about stupid girls ! I'm in love, rly happy so y do I broadcast such things 
I'm a suck vegetarian. I can't eat a thick piece of tofu without gagging. 
im a super bad tweeter lately. 
im a twiter whore 
I'm a very hot mess right now  Wish I was at home sleeping...
I'm a very optimistic person but its real hard to keep my head up when I'm put in these crappy ass situations 
I'm a wee bit bitter today. Must be the fact that I have a nail in my tire YET again and had to swap cars + the insane amts of traffic! 
I'm about 60% on the verge of taking up UO's swim sale.  I need something to cheer me up 
im about to be ooooooout, then off to the DMV, i got a ticket 
I'm about to be totally lame and google how to lace up boots 
I'm about to clock in. Back to the grind. 
im about to cry! 
I'm about to cry...That was so sad 
i'm about to delete all the songs of my ipod  STUPID ITUNES !!
Im about to eat Pizza wish I had a girlfriend to share some with 
I'm about to enter that one bad moment. 
I'm about to flip out if my connection dies again. Its died twice for a half hour plus and I've only be home for a little over 3 hours. 
i'm about to go eat dinner and go watch battlestar gallactica. but i am oh so excited that my twitter came back to life. it was dead. 
im about to go home and chill solo.. 
im about to hit 100 followers need 7 more come on baby 
Im about to leave for holidays and im almost in tears leaving my dog  but my sisters staying with him x
im about to leave in a few wish me luck tomorrow, today was an awkward day in to many ways  byeee
I'm about to officially drop @Ari_So_Focused as my honey... She's starving me... *sigh* 
I'm about to pull the plug on my brothers xbox. I don't think I can take another minute of &quot;Here! Nooo! Shoot, shoot, shoot, NOW, ughh.&quot; 
I'm about to run out of gas!!!  http://mypict.me/4EBl
Im about to run outside naked cuz i was dared to 
I'm about to sleep twitt, let's start dreaming about.... HIM . god I can't take this anymore, I want the old memories, please  come back.
I'm about to wash a car  it's so boring 
I'm about to watch last night's Pushing Daisies. I'm suffering twice for the show: back when it was cancelled and now with the last 3 eps 
I'm about to watch the final episode of The Tonight Show With Jay Leno. and my phone's off until 3ish tomorrow 
I'm absent for today in my evangelization seminar bacause i have fever  and i hate it when i have fever !!! xo
I'm absolutely JOYFUL that Shahid Afridi made 51,but sorry I didnt get to see any 6's from him 
I'm absolutely,100% exhausted 
I'm abt to put another TheraFlu strip on my tongue. I shld b sleep w/i the hr. These cold symptoms shld b gone in time 4 Jide's funeral 
im aching all over and i don't know why, and all i want to do is go to sleep but i have too much to do right now 
I'm actually crying at The Jeremy Kyle Show 
im actually getting so sick of friends letting me down 
im actually getting teary eyed watching this... 
im actually gonna miss my hott history teacher 
i'm actually gutted @ not getting to go to the Jonas Brothers. it's worse than not getting to go to Greenday (N) sold out-ness 
I'm actually in Pittsburgh for a game  and NBC doesn't let it be on the big screen. 
im actually in the tanning bed right now  then to mexican with katy and sara! its so hot in  here 
I'm actually loving the playoffs! Still sad the Suns aren't in them 
im actually pretty tired... yeah have to be at the practise room for 9:30 tommorrow 
I'm actually quite nervous about something still 
Im actually really missing Dubai..its like separation anxiety or something!! I wanna go baaack 
I'm actually really sad that Tom Hanks is aging  he has to live forever and ever.
im actually sad that i have to stop reading breaking dawn and go to bed  xx
I'm actually so bored, sitting in Business Studies. Oh and it's raining.  Should have stayed off.
im actually so depressed im gonna go jump of de A bridge tomo my laptop died 
I'm addicted to gothere.sg  I need to study aaahh
I'm addicted to plants vs zombies 
i'm addicted to the sally's spa app. anyone wanna buy me itunes money so i can get the full version? i completed the demo and i'm sad. 
I'm addicted to Twitter, I relied on my phone to help me be nosey but still get my work done. Uh Oh systems is going to report me today 
I'm afraid my extHDD for Backup's broken  ... Doing Verify Disk - keepin' my fingers crossed ...
I'm afraid of episode 10 
I'm afraid of many differents things. one of them is this - I don't like sit at night alone at home 
Im afraid of relationships. 
I'm afraid Sonia Sotomayor might need to make a decision while menstruating. 
I'm afraid that i have something new to trainwreck about. 
I'm afraid that she isn't interested in me anymore. But really, I guess that I'm afraid of being alone. 
I'm afraid the cucumbers we planted aren't going to come up.  The rest of our plants are doing wonderfully though! 
I'm afraid they hate me now. 
I'm afraid to eat  I might throw it up again
i'm afraid to phone home 
I'm afraid to say that the garden hedge might have beaten me, I've been on it all morning now. 
im afraid, please please god help me 
I'm aiming to be super productive today. On another note, I think my pants are shrinking 
im alive!! i have yet to catch that stupid swine flu 
Im all ;___; right now, I hurt so bad 
I'm all about Camel Snus. but I cant have any for a while 
im all alone  well there is bud, my mini fox terrier, and he usually just wants to go for walks or play fetch .. bit wet for both of those
I'm all alone here 
Im all alone in my house and its getting scary outside! 
I'm all alone in the office... I can either be the most productive I've ever been, or do absolutely nothing. Way too much work to rest 
I'm all alone in this big house with no TV or computer... 
Im all alone on the trampoline. 
I'm all alone, there's nobody here beside me 
I'm all alone, there's no-one here besiiiide me. Aside from a fluffy purple unicorn. But she doesn't count. I need vodka 
im all alone, wheres my teren 
I'm All Chilled and Relaxed, Yet Bored 
I'm all cute and dressed up. Yet I have a feeling no one is gonna see me 
im all dressed in pink today (legally blonde much?) lol i wish i was in nashville at this time  i miss amy+jacob
I'm all happy until I look in the mirror an see that I don't look like me 
i'm all out of &quot;Squirrelly Bread&quot;... bummer  http://bit.ly/6yGQk
im all stressed out... i think i'm going to be sick 
I'm all stuffed up  But I'm so proud of @thebenjammin and am excited to see him this coming week!
I'm all stuffted up but I gotta gets up &amp; go netball 
I'm allergic to chromium dioxide a drivative of which seems to be found as a 'may contian' in virtually EVERY mascara there is. 
I'm allergic to summer  I keep sneezing
I'm almost 40 &amp; I still get acne 
I'm almost done with the kite runner. It's so sad 
I'm almost getting my ass kicked for not knowing what I want for my birthday 
Im almost ready... I feel like shit 
I'm alone and lonley  guess it's just me and the tv, and maybe a bag of chips!
I'm alone at home... that's ok, but it would be better if one person would be here...  ... miss you! ...
I'm alone for the first time in almost a year... father &amp; daughter r in the mall shopping while I chose to stay as I'm feeling sick 
I'm alone here at home! 
i'm alone in the house until tomorrow. 
Im alone today...... no friends to count down working time...... 
im already dressed but have to go in 10 minutes to school 
i'm already following 43 people, i haven't even had this account for 12 hours yet   i don't know if i should be disappointed or proud.
im already having anxiety and were not even there yet  worst feeling ever
i'm already mad at wednesday. want to crawl into bed with my mucinex 
I'm already missing some of my friends 
I'm already ready for tonight and people aren't coming over till 830, now I'm just sitting around anxious 
I'm already ready. I don't have to leave for 45 minutes. I could've slept more. 
I'm already sick of work. 
Im already starting to get emotional.  i'm going to miss Julien, Rafe and TASTY. 
I'm already sweating from all this moving... All the moving of stuff from the house to the garage...not even into the apartment. Yay? 
I'm already tired and I still have to close at work, then go home and pack. 
I'm also craving Long John Silvers, but they are too far away. 
I'm also happy that tyler, sam, and vicky aren't in history 
I'm also hungry.  14 years, ya think hubby would get the hint...I DON'T EAT FREAKIN' HOT DOGS!  Goes 2 store, doesn't get me anything.  
I'm also still keeping my head above all the rain that's been falling in the past two weeks. 
I'm also suddenly not feeling well.  That's fun. 
I'm always a little sad to see followers I really like, decide to unfollow me. 
I'm always here for people. I never go away. They do... 
I'm always here http://bit.ly/14tDZi but In fact, I would prefer to be here http://bit.ly/xSGjp or here http://bit.ly/Jqd4S 
I'm always hungry all the time but now I don't even feel like eating. This is not normal...and my throat's sore. I'm sick 
I'm always in school everytime Tom tweets  @TomFelton Please tweet in the afternoon (in England time) (((((
I'm always the one that gets striked w/ the sickness last, 
I'm always worry about my weight. U know what: I'm 14 but I weigh less than 40kg 
im am a fucking ideot and im sorry 
I'm am missing my Boo terribly 
I'm Amanda. And apparently, I hurt people.  But I swear I never set out to...
I'm an aunt today...he came way too early. 3pounds 6ounces 
im angry , im sad , im nervous :@ well i need so much vocations..! i hate Omhros..(:p)  i hate school i hate love..! need vocations 
i'm angry becuase i cant buy any songs on itunesss. haa my account is gone 
I'm annoyed - its really windy and I'm stuck in London working 
i'm annoyed cuz my mum woke me up when i have an exam today. i wanted a lie in! now i'm tired and i won't be able to concentrate 
I'm annoyed I didn't get to go to the falconry fair 
Im annoyed that I slept through the hotel's fried breakfast dispite my sisters best efforts to wake me  Ah well, beach &lt;3
i'm annoyed that the veronica's are now famous in the uk, and i knew them last summer 
I'm annoyed with my new phone (. Threaded view sucks. 
IM ANNOYED! Can't upload my pic 
I'm annoyed. &amp; I can't fall asleep. Reaaalllly though?  http://twitpic.com/7lx3v
I'm apparently without cable or internet until Wed evening for no reason that Comcast can explain. 
I'm appearing offline, I'm not studying for ut, I'm not doing pre-readings, I want to skip sch tmr 
im arm is abosolutely  in pain 
I'm around...worked 3 8+ hour shifts at my new job blah. Found my ipod  But it was broken  But had a warranty  Got that replaced today
I'm as poor as &quot;I can't even buy Breaking Dawn&quot; 
im as sick as a dog but i have to be at my swim meet 
I'm ascared to go upstairs 
I'm ashamed of myself, went shopping and used plastic bag!!  forgot to bring my cloth bag...dammm..
I'm ashamed to say I never finished Mario Galaxy. 
I'm at @ashleighraynor's house, and we just woke up. I have a headache though. 
I'm at a bar in Portsmouth on a saturday night. Please kill me now 
I'm at a loss... Which S should I go for? Shopping or studying? HELP!!! 
I'm at a party with one of my professors. Massive jones for him.  and none of my friends are here! Need. Company.
im at a safety meeting  hope its not too long.  i miss Sora!
Im at a taco place. They take forever. 
I'm at a work meeting and all of my best friends are at sea world riding manta 
I'm at an ELL conference in Maryland. Quite interesting! Missing awards at my school today though 
I'm at Be a Pilot Day, but it's raining.... 
I'm at best when it comes to my job. At worst in a word called Love 
I'm at church now..bout to od on my smoothie bc it might be melted when I come back 
I'm at church...its gonna b boring today 
I'm at daddys for the weekend. Just got over myco plasma phenomonia. 
I'm at home and so bored 
Im at home because im ill 
i'm at home so tared  i just want to sleep a lot!
I'm at home today, on the sick.  I hate it. Don't like having to phone work and let them know I cant work. If only I could make a wish
im at home....on a friday night.  but it's all good!
I'm at hooters will my boys...I miss working here 
im at Kristens and were packing her stuff. Im getting really sad 
I'm at Kure Beach, NC and having intermittent internet and gmail problems. I don't consider one bar wifi to be &quot;free internet&quot; 
Im at moms job right now. So bored,she is working. Im using internet... Blah! I wanna eat.  we gonna go home after 15min. yayy. (:
Im at my friends house in another city, studying for the Anatomy final tomorrow ! hope i can pass it ! its a lot of stuff to memories 
im at my gmas.  and soo bored 
I'm at my grandmas babysitting, hung out w/@Zapatabe then back to babysitting then I ate. I'm tired of kids. Sleepy now &amp; I'm still here 
Im at my job orientation...i came too early, now im gonna be board. 
I'm at my last high school graduation  as school board member  #ac2c #tcot
I'm at physical therapy right now, then to the lab for blood work!  ugh! I hate having blood taken!!! The dr. Thinks I might be anemic! 
im at school  in science. which i am failing. terribly
Im at school  sooooooo shouldnt really be on here! :-/ xxx
I'm at school and im really bored 
I'm at school. And it's boring 
im at silverstone ouut side a burger van eatiiin a burger... this is the lyyf! yessss Sebastian Vettel got pole  yay xxxx buut im am cold 
Im at Sizzlah and I'm alread being screamed at! Wooow, can't we just have a good Mother's Day dinner? Gah, I feel left out  POBRE!
I'm at summer school  Everyone here is one year younger than me. I am sucha lozzaah
I'm at Sutton bus garage with a list as long as your arm of faulty systems. Its gonna be a long night! 
I'm at target. I'm stuck inside cause it's raining like mad. 
I'm at that point where I just woke up and the bed, blankets, pillows are so perfect I don't want to move. But I have to get up to pee. 
im at the   J O B  3 to 11      time to make the donuts!
Im at the bank 
Im at the closing night of my play...soo fun but sad 
I'm at the coffee shop in town and the women sitting next to me are talking about kidney burgers and lamb....I think I might throw up 
I'm at the cubs game and it is so cold. I think its going to rain. 
im at the Desert Diamond Casino.lady next to me just hit ten grand 
I'm at the doctor's in my boxers waiting to be seen 
I'm at the gym... Just tried the water fountain and got shocked! 
IM AT THE HOSPITAL WITH MY GRANDMA  SHE'S SICK
im at the library trying to do school work but my home school program froze up..  
I'm at the pinkslip party right now. I have met a few recuters but none of them were relate to my field. I feel so depressed  
I'm at the pool for our last full day in Punta Cana 
I'm at the vet with Diamond &amp; she screaming getting her shots 
I'm at this summer school play  bunch of little kids man
I'm at tina's house &amp;&amp; I'm bein forced to go to sleep  uhm...@fashi0nistadyva where the hell you at?! lmao
i'm at university !! i have a lot of homework so 
Im at work 
i'm at work 
I'm at work   Oh, How I hate Monday's.  Maybe I'll use a sick day next Monday.
I'm at work  tired and want to be back in bed
Im at work &amp; let me just say it SUCKS  Note to self:only work on ur floor. I dont think I can work on this floor.Not even 4 my @NKOTB fund
I'm at work &amp; Shauna is at my house looking for my dogs &amp; NONE of them are there!!! Brodie got out of the pin again 
I'm at work all alone!  
Im at work and I'm so fuckin tired right now 
im at work and im sooo bored. just under 8 hours till home time .... arrrrggghhh. 
Im at work for another 3 hours gow am i gon get thru it  lol so shouldnt of stayed up waitin on the iphone update cuz im fadin fast!!
I'm at work getting some overtime.  I forgot my cell.  So my friend who was supposed to visit might not be able to get a hold of me.  
I'm at work making a shit ton of tips bitches! I'm so exhausted 
I'm at work now 
I'm at work on my day off... 
I'm at work pity me 
Im at work wishing i was behind a mic on stage in front of a soldout arena. 
I'm at work!! I have a lot to do and don't want to do it 
im at work!!! 
I'm at work, and its such a nice day. No fair! 
I'm at work, I'm so bored and most of the customers are just rude today I want to go home 
I'm at work, I'm tired, my burnt foot hurts and I don't want to be here 
I'm at work.  There's152 emails in my inbox! I turned my head real quick and looked back at the screen. Dang! They're still there. 
i'm at work... and i'm sad cause it's gonna rain when i take off... 
im at work... sick as a dog! i have a love// hate relationship with my job 
I'm attempting to make dinner - it's a slow cooker thing. So far, it smells good. We'll see.  Cooking and I don't get along so well 
I'm attending a funeral later.. I wish this is not true. R.I.P buddy, we will miss you sooooo much. I was just talkin' to you last week! 
I'm attending a vodafone mobile widget camp today. Bored, it starts an hour later than it said in the invite  Long live my KPN do ...
I'm avoiding a potential bait! I never realized it would be this hard.. 
I'm awake  - I hate waking up sooo early for no reason!
I'm awake and i can't fall asleep. Have work in a few hours. 
im awake and i feel burnt out. I need a break from ppl i think 
I'm awake at 5.30 again 
I'm awake at midnight, ergh. I feel like crap!   -wanting to watch HBP now! &lt;3
I'm awake because bf is snoring loudly   I keep nudging him but no dice
Im awake but i got a curfew till schools out sorry 
I'm awake but still want to sleep 
I'm awake dressed and out the door but i'm not very happy about it!!   
I'm awake oh so late.  Ugh I just want the night to last longer.  Life isn't so amazing right now 
im awake right now. stupid ass birds&amp; I even like birds. but EVERY morning @4am I wake up to shut the window bc they're loud 
im awake so early 
I'm awake trying to see the end of the first 48 but my man went to bed and I do not like being awake by myself. This is not normal. 
I'M AWAKE!! WHOO HOO! xDD I wanted to stay in bed for a little longer tho... 
I'm awake, I'd like to go back to sleep but I'm just too hot 
I'm awake, showered and dressed and it's waaaaay too early. Gotta be in Lille at 7 to take train to Paris for work meeting. Guh. 
im awake, starving  ,,, but i wont get out of bed,,, i'll continue sleeping,, can't wait to have a weird dream like usual...
I'm awake. Had a very depressing dream  .. getting ready for work now. Feels like it's gonna be &quot;one of those days&quot; :'(
im awake. i wish i was still sleeping. 
Im awake...all alone 
I'm awful. Concussion basically made me forget to do 25% of my wedding thank yous. Just finished at 4 am while doing laundry, too.  Ewwie.
I'm B positive...That's not even special 
Im baaaaaaaack! ,going to take a shower ,i miss u &quot;online&quot; bestie 
im baack  i  love SO MUCH MY BFFs wonderfull time, but im upset agaiin u.u
I'm babysitting but the kids are asleep and I'm completely. Out of things to do. I want to be home 
im back #We'llmissyouchar 
I'm back @ work after our 1 yr ann. Wife and I actually went to the Ft. Worth zoo for our ann. Had a blast all weekend. Now, back 2 work. 
I'm back again, but my tweetdeck isn't working. 
I'm back and I'm bored, I can not listen to the radio, Radio Disney has a problem 
I'm back and I'm very busy today ... 
im back and know i have 2 do greece....wat i rele wanna do is watch CMT Music Awards.. 
I'm back at work but probably should be at home resting my voice! it hasnt quite recovered yet 
I'm back everyone 
I'm back from a   great inline skating session. But I must have beeing eating  on my way at least 4 or 5 bugs 
Im Back From Camp  
I'm back from Guernsey (again) but without Luke... 3 weeks until he comes back is not going to go by quickly 
I'm back from Italy and miss the sun and the beach... 
im back from my grandma's birthday party! whoa! i ate alot..like BIG lot! haha..my tummy look bloated! 
I'm back from school and city now, i'm very overtired ! 
im back from the doctors and have no blood left!!  Looking forward to @simonsteer1982 finishing work to look after me!!
I'm back from vacation but sick.  
Im back home 
I'm back home from the beach  now I'm about to take a nap bc I'm soooo tired..LOL
I'm back home now. My friend got called into work 
I'm back home.   http://plurk.com/p/z0eqd
I'm back in San Jose. Missing FL like crazy. especially Janice  I want to go back NOW
I'm back in t-town. Really worried about my exams  heading out to eat and then I'm hitting the books again
i'm back in um, rainy ...Swindon  I miss Newquay already. Trying to sort out my new bedroom furniture before some much needed sleep x
I'm back on I think... Now none of my friends are! This is a sad MK night  #skeptwiit
i'm back on that damn emotional rollercoaster, i really don't like feeling feelings. i just want to be numb again  *sigh*
I'm back on the internet, yay! Just today tho, lol. I only have internet on Sundays now 
im back to this z-index problem...again 
I'm back tweeters!  Go QLD and why can't I play with everyone else??   Have a drink for me as you watch the match tonight
I'm back up... yeah ... 
I'm back! - temporarily anyway, pc drive died - have a temp substitute &amp; dont know if own one can be saved 
I'M BACK! DOING MORE HOMEWORK  WHAT A NICE DINNER! THX EVERYBODY!
i'm back! grabeh traffic sa lasalle.  our dismissal time is at 4:oo and i arrived home 5:oo na. 
I'M BACK! I finished studying for 2 subjects! I am so proud ^^ Now, I have to finish stuadying.  The relative's house was awesome! 
im back! lol i cant believe i im oficially done 2nd year! ending it with sickness thanx to the stress of my last exam 
I'm back! My iPhone had no service up there 
Im Back!! Out the Hospital...on bedrest dealing with Pain :X &amp; im very upset i cant find my CuriousGeorge doll to sleep with! No serious 
I'm back!! Someone had hacked my site so my link was showing up as malware  Thanks to the twitter peeps for getting it sorted so quickly!!
I'm back!!! and i might be sick 
Im back, lanarote was great, so sad to be back at work 
i'm back, twitter! haha. i wasn't able to read the updates yesterday of the people i'm folowing  but this time i will! haha.
I'm back. It's time to study History  :
I'm back. The weather's so hot. 
I'm back. too tired. 
I'm back. top molar extracted  swollen face, all numb.  But no more toothache or sinus pain.
im backkk!! and want what i cant have 
i'm backkk!! lol i havent been on in a minute...im friggin sick  my nose and ears are stuffed up and i feel like absolute shitt!
I'm bad at: good byes, farewells, see ya laters, till we meet agains, and what ever else I was suppose to get out of the way tonight!! 
I'm bad! colic, and I hate it! 
I'm bad. I haven't been following back  Going to drink oil as punishment. Sorry.
i'm baking a pizza because my mom won't let me have anymore fish  my brother didn't have any yet &amp;&amp; i ate alot 
im ballling  marley and me was the cutest movie.
I'm banging my head against the wall repeatedly. I really messed up in class! 
I'm bawling at the moment, stupid titanic gets me everytime  
I'm bawling my eyes out while watching Titanic. I've seen this movie 100+ times. I'll never let go. 
im bawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwling my eyes out 
im beat  chillan with people when i get back to christina , text mee
I'm beat i wanna read all the posts from ppl but I'm just really spent  dis is it twittah l8ttah! ;)
I'm beat. My feets hurt 
I'm becoming lame in my old age everyone else stayed out to party while I went home before midnight like a good little girl 
im been in home a hole day. with my brother. no one else did not came here yet. but mom should be here by now.  and she's not. (
Im beggining to think my dream of owning a polaroid camera will never come true. 
Im beginning to hate my awesome sched  beginning to loose touch with people garh. Sims3 is keeping me sane though.
I'm beginning to itch cause I see sooo much cute stuff and I have no cash on me... I'm gonna hurl 
I'm beginning to miss my bed.  I love you bed. Sippin on some water... Maybe powdered wine wouldn't be a bad idea...
I'm beginning to think that @djdonq doesn't love me. No calls/texts  I miss him
Im beginning to wonder if I did something wrong... 
I'm behind listening to podcasts, including @PhotoNetCast (http://tr.im/oRvj) and @jimgoldstein's &quot;EXIF and Beyond&quot; (http://tr.im/oRwd). 
i'm being bullied by an 8 year old.. its a sad day 
I'm being crammed inside a box by two little girls. It's dark and cramped in here 
I'm being eaten alive in my sleep.  #itchy
I'm being forced to watch a rugby match that happened about 20 years ago... I'm very quickly beginning to lose the will to live 
I'm being ignored again.  @Tish019 update your twitter!
i'm being made to emcee for assembly tomorrow. holey maccaroni. something i'm definitely NOT looking forward to. shoot me, somebody 
I'm being made to watch Jeremy Kyle 
im being so lazy today, i have no nothing! annnnnd, i tried to start following someone but the button wont work hmmph 
I'm being so whiny right now I'm annoying myself  i need to get some rest tonight after Movie Night kid-sitting
I'm being talked about. 
I'm Being Tempted to Hide My sisters Boring FB updates But That would Just Be MEAN 
I'm being thrust into the yardwork world.  also, if you wanted me up earlier tell me the night before or wake me up yourself!
Im Berry-less!!!!!  #FML
im beyond depressed. my southern boy is florida bound. i miss you already baby  but i'll see you soon. 'member that! &lt;33333
I'm beyond exhausted and not ready for the day.  And it's going to be sooooo long!!!!  
Im beyond tired.... tired of listening to Nanette talk her ASS off! On the way to the airport to drop off mom. 
I'm beyond upset that two of my bff's left today for college  two weeks and then i can see them for a visit!!
i'm bitter because they suddenly decide to have konk. i could've had two suns or midnight boom. 
I'm bleeding  it hurts.  stupid ocd.
I'm bleeding  -PorqueLasDose-
i'm bleeding ! , i shaved my legs and now i'm bleeding   haha, i'm a loser xp
I'm bleeding cuz I can't shave! My face is all red! 
Im bleeding somewhere i shouldnt be D: im scared. Secret time: never have anal 
I'm bleeding. My industrial that I've had for almost 3 years now decided to crust over and bleed like a bitch today. Blood in my ear 
im bloody starving&amp;hav nothin 2 eat 
I'm boardin' ...off to Germany xxx Miss the family  Kiss Texas 4 me
im bord can't go to sleep and im really ready to go home!!!!! 
im bord to tears my god its so annoying how freakin bord i am 
Im bored   -musiic[BOX]
I'm bored  and is going to hoover up shortly
I'm bored  and this is my 1030th tweets! lol
im bored  being bored kinda upsets me, i really need a more interesting life, seriously its kinda unbelieveable ;'(
I'm bored  Gonna buy a dress after lunch and spend some time with emma before she goes to Cyprus tomorrow =( XX
I'm bored  Watching re runs of College Hill ...
I'm bored (again)  I hate my country i wanna be an American..
i'm bored and alone 
i'm bored and dial up sucks 
im bored and feeling down  help!!!
i'm bored and finding twitter not very interesting tonight 
im bored and have nothing to do... plus in pain cause arm now really weak and hurting after the hospital 
i'm bored and hungry but theres nothing to eat 
I'm bored and I don't wanna go to bed alreadyy 
I'm bored and i don't wanna stay home   Gonna take a long shower to kill time -_-
im bored and i have nothing to tweet about  but thats probably a good thing for you. hmmmmmmm
I'm bored and I miss Robbie 
im bored and i think the ret of the world is asleep  why did i wake up so early??
im bored and i want pickles. and chese. and i lost 4 followers  NOT COOL MAN
im bored and ill  but i was planning on staying in all day  My Next door neighbor is listening to N'Dubz. I hate them too!!
im bored and my fingers hurt from playing the guitar all day 
i'm bored and my head hurts! 
Im bored and no one wants to hang out with me 
im bored and rather tired 
im bored and tired....i shouldnt be online 
I'm bored as hell maybe I'm just at the wrong place 
I'm bored as hell there is really nothing to do today 
Im bored at home..cant wait to be in america i gotta wait 3more months damn it 
I'm bored at the dr's office for my mommy. And I miss my jeremy. He works far away now. 
Im bored bc xbox live is down today 
im bored doing homework? 
i'm bored guess i'll do homework...le sigh 
im bored i have finale exams tomorrow 
im bored i want @jonaskevin to reply back ! 
im bored like normal 
Im bored now 
I'm bored now 
I'm bored on my lunch today  and probably going to be tomorrow too.. No gabby=No fun.. Haha
im bored on stickam wondering why the hell my fran wont talk to me 
I'm bored out of my mind and want to talk/see my BF 
I'm bored shitless. 
im bored someone talk too me please 
im bored still on the computer  nithing to do listening to my ipod
I'm bored to death here in this city 
i'm bored was supposed to go to the city but i'm sick 
im bored with all this rain 
im bored with nothing to do 
i'm bored you all 
I'm bored you guys  and also read this http://bit.ly/5kUgk
I'M BORED!   God I hate doing laundry 
i'm bored, again. the internet gets boring so fast now. 
i'm bored, and my sunburnt shoulder is getting sorer 
I'm bored, its rainin and I don't have my baby &quot;car&quot;!! 
im bored, lonely, and wish my wifey was home 
im bored, off school gettting hair done wheyhey guuyss..  now i need to go get ready for spray tan.. scaryy stuffff   â™¥xx
I'm bored, really ! That's Sucks 
i'm bored, there is nobody on msn, nobody on twitter.. it's like everyone is gone 
I'm bored, what do I do? 
I'm bored, when are we gonna go back to the city  in Beacon, NY http://loopt.us/eEz8Sg.t
im bored, yet. i don't know what to do... AHHH  Life's so horrible for me!
I'm bored.  Created this for.. fun?
I'm bored.  I don't know what to do without my little girl.    Life is so boring without her.  
I'm bored.  No one well-know ever responds to me   I've never spoken to anyone famous before..I'd love for someone to just sat &quot;Hi&quot; to me
im bored.  theres nothing to do
I'm bored. And everyone is asleep. 
I'm bored. But not tired. 
I'm bored. I have a headache. 
I'm bored. I have nothing to do tonight 
i'm bored. idk what to tweet. 
im bored. someone talk to me.............no one ever replies back anyways 
I'm bored. Where are all my friends?! 
I'm bored...  Where are all the others twitters? No one is on!
I'm bored... and ready for lunch... I'm lonely... 
I'm bored... need to fix some of my little gliders, and do some updates for HockeyPulse, but have no energy 
I'm bored... There is nothing to do 
I'm bored.... I am tired and bored... I want to go to town. but my mother left without me... might just sleep longer then pay done bills 
I'm bored.....reading over some notes for a history test 2morrow... 
Im bored; anyone on server blizzard on cp? I am... abominable full 
im boredd and i have a sore leg  hmmph wheres short stack ??
im boredd. gah  i wish i could just sleep and get it over with but ive had toooo muchh cooooffffeeeeeeeee  bahaha
i'm boreddd. there is like nothing on tv these daysss  
im boreddd..... noone is on twitter! what a fucking shame. 
im boredddd  its really cold in my house so i decided to wear my sexy red &amp;white poka dot footy pjs!
I'm boreddddd. It's 1:25 am and while everyone is sleeping, I am up and I don't know what to do! 
i'm boredddddddddddd, i wanna be at sherwoooood with mcfly!! 
im both mommy n daddy n it shows when i take her out n everyone else has a &quot;complete&quot; family 
im bout 2 qo flat iron miie hair shoot i shoulda wrapped it last nite! grrrrrr 
I'm bout ready to flippn go hot wrong for this!! 
im 'bout to go coconut 
I'm bout to hit my sheets. My ipOd playing sad songs back 2 back. Now I feel sad  lol
im bouta qo ballistic in this payyce if i dnt find my princess blanket ! i looked ALL over this house 
I'm breaking out a week before prom!? What the hell!? 
i'm breaking out like crazy 
I'm breaking out. 
im broke once again 
im broken  aka 'temporarily in need of maintenance'
I'm bummed  my shoulder is still hurting, and I want to X this morning, but think it's a bad idea. Anyone have good cure for muscle pain?
I'm bummed and disappointed  But everything happens for a reason, right?
I'm bummed because it looks like SIU's VPN isn't playing nice with V3.0 on the touch 
I'm bummed cause I can't vote for the Teen Choice Awards as I am no longer a teen.  Ah, the woes of growing up.
I'm bummed out I'm missing out on MoCCA.  Wish I could go and walk around for a while at least. 
I'm bummed out that I have to work today in the rain 
I'm bummed she's not coming to my house. 
Im bummed that i cant go to NYC &amp; Boston with my Artofficial boys...gotta stay &amp; work 
I'm bummed that I hurt my foot 
I'm bummed that my version of Batman Beyond is edited! 
I'm bummed! My scene with Patricia Arquette got cut from tonight's Medium! Now no one will believe I really did it! 
I'm bummed, how does Madden support 32 people in online franchise, but NCAA only 12 in OD  #e3
I'm bummed, it's not letting me in.  It keeps taking me to system requirements and other FAQs.    #creativetechs
I'm bummed.  My three sisters are off to visit our mom in AZ and I'm off to WA. Miss you mom!!
i'm bummed. i wanted to eat FREE food. LOL Okay, now i'm trying to decide what fun thing we can do for tomorrow! I wanna go to LB 
I'm burnin' up! Yeah right, more like freezing down. It's not hot at all 
Im burnt  lol it will turn brown though ... hopefully!! Roll on this weekend fancy dress tommorow night!!
im burnt from tanning.. and it hurts  out wit my honey.
I'm burnt out on work already ugh 
im camera shy,not ready to be on a web show, which is why im in the gym, the stress of the launch has added some xtra junk in my trunk 
i-m canceling my plan with manche  again. feel so bad. i'll make it up her next time.
I'm can't sleep. &amp; bored wit noOne to talk to on Twitter  @RealRalphyG
I'm certain that I was trippin when I mentioned doing wii fit. I have no choice but to take these pills for my hurty back and lay down 
I'm channelling my inner meerkat, listening to Radio 1... Work in an hour... 
im chating... tomorrow its a bad day 
I'm chillin in clay classstudying and jammin out to some 'Ye. This day is going by so slow... 
I'm chilling out with 3 cockatiels and a cup of tea. Next week is set to be so effin' busy 
im cleaning listening to fiona apple then off to a birthday party!!!!!! i cant believe that im 25 already 
i'm cleaning my room.  Stupid bribes. :-P
I'm cleaning my shotgun WHILE I play poker on on DOYLESROOM.. HOW FREAKIN COOL IS THAT???  I shot a 17 in the shoot today.. not good. 
I'm cleaning the bathroom! 
im cleaning the house 
I'm clearly not gonna be able to sleep tonight. may as well clean 
I'm close to the beach yet so far away  in Huntington Beach, CA http://loopt.us/z2Ty4Q.t
I'm closing the media room and watching the Astros on Gameday...t9 7-2 PIT 
-I'm cold 
I'm cold 
im cold  brrrrr!
im cold  cant wait to get away to paris on tuesday &lt;3
I'm cold  I envy people who don't need to work on a Monday
I'm cold  I hope I'm not getting sick.
I'm cold and refusing to get dressed 
I'm cold and wet  is this what being born feels like?
I'm cold and wet from shopping in the rain  oh well I had a good time 
I'm cold! 
im cold!! and i need some sun, badly.  kinda need to do some modern studies revision too 
im cold........again. And forgetting to update my twitter         sadness because of the rain
I'm coming dangerously close to exhausting my desire for gin. 
I'm coming home! 
I'm coming to the end of my Bond marathon. Sad now. 
i'm completely drained.    i suppose day drinking does that!
i'm completely screwed. no money to eat 
I'm concerned about my bruised scalp and Monica's implications are not helping. Brushing my hair was difficult today, I'm afraid it shows 
I'm concerned because i actually burned my feet on the pavement once and it hurt for at least a week. 
i'm confident that i passed science and english. however... math tomorrow... i need help. i zone out too much. 5.3 
im confused  how does that work!? tell me!!!!
I'm confused and torn.... If you know me you that ain't me... Somethings wrong 
I'm confused and worried..and trying not to be hurt since I don't think it has anything to do with me besides me being lonely  what to do?
im confused as to what this site is for 
Im confused don't know how to use twitter... 
i'm confused updating my status 
I'm confused with this twitter thing  HELP
i'm confused.  I thought being worried  and concern and all is a goodthing.
I'm considering pulling out my eyes with tongs, and cauterizing the wounds with a butane lighter.  I hate my eye infection.  SHITSUX  
I'm constipated  dad ran out to get me prune juice and forgot to post this till now.
I'm convinced.....somebody definately kidnapped my girlfriend....she's prolly in a van on her way to mexico. Im WORRIED!!! 
I'm cooking 
I'm cooooolllld as  damn winter
I'm coughing a lot.. can't sleep 
I'm cramming for english 
I'm craving cake and icecream  I could go to the local cupcake bakery to satiate my craving, but I probably shouldn't.
i'm craving chocolate bunnies...i guess it's a bit too late to go out and buy some  
I'm craving for chocolates and cakes.. Yet i cant have one.. Im all alone, stuck in my house.. 
I'm craving for Krispy Kreme doughnuts... we don't have those in Costa Rica.   #Krispy Kreme
i'm craving for PCD tonite... hiks 
I'm craving for Pringles... I want some 
I'm craving for SAKAE SUSHI! 
I'm Craving Nachos  http://tumblr.com/xsq1xav0e
I'm craving pancakes, waffles, and crepes. but I just worked out  so I don't want to eat them, ya know? /:
im craving sea weed salad... 
I'm craving shrimp n' grits. I'm on the wrong side of the US for that.   
I'm craving something salty in my mouth!  Tired of pretzels tho. 
I'm craving the shrimp from Sansei. Do u think I can get to maui and back during my lunch break? Ya I didn't think so either 
i'm craving visiting dubai 
i'm cringing at yasmina's presentation 
im crying 
i'm crying 
im crying over the non-existant state of revision for my exaams.  
i'm crying right now  RIP Nip/Tuck
I'm crying when i read this  so touchy @duniyaniya I'm sorry sten.. Things happen for a reason.. You might found yourself thankful someday
I'm currently at a loss of feeling im my brain due to boredom 
I'm currently listening to Matchbox20's Disease. I don't know if I could go to Adrian's funeral. I totallly feel sorry he's gone forever. 
I'm currently lying on my bed, listening to The Killers, drinking lemonade, and moaning to myself about my sore throat. It hurts 
im currently watching scream 3 and im hungry 
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and I'm in so much pain  My mouth has never hurt so bad! It's also giving me a killer headache. UGH!
i'm dark and i can't see the keyboard. there's a bad luck chasing me 
Im dead tired, but im having trouble falling asleep 
Im dead, 
I'm deciding to turn my heartbreak into motivation to kick ass on this canvass! Even though it seems like nothing else is important 
im deffinitley not going to blink this summer. 64.00 a ticket? wow. i have no money. ugh 
I'm definitely coming down with something. GRRRRR! I hate feelin like this 
i'm definitely going home early!  i hope 
I'm definitely going sober for a little while after this. All of me hurts and I wasn't even that drunk! 
I'm definitely not as young as I used to be 
I'm depressed b/c I just bought something like 4 days ago and it just broke in my hands 5 mins ago. 
im depressed that i  only have seven classes left.. 
I'm depressed to another level. Can't go the end of exams party because I have to puppy sit my puppy who cries LOUD every bloody night 
I'm desperately looking for a diamond 3D heart necklace from London's Topshop that was on sale like 2 months back. Can't find it now 
im determined to walk my dog today despite the crap weather 2 days in a row 
I'm devastated. Just found out that the minced meat on the beefball noodles is pork, NOT beef. With the knowledge, I can't eat it anymore 
I'm devastated..the nest is down, the baby chicks are dead and I was awakened by the victory calls of the evil preditor. Bird lady weeps 
Im disappointed i can't go shopping. 
I'm disappointed in @bing. For Danes Bing is exactly the same as Live Search  The search results are bad and in Japanese and Russian!
Im disappointed in the iphone update. It added two little things..big woohoo! 
I'm disappointed when those close to me choose temporary pleasure instead of lasting happiness by not exercising self-discipline. 
I'm disappointed--none of my music buffs here rose to the occasion when I cried out for new music to rock out to when I write.  sniff.
I'm disgruntled and disenchanted. So much for my WPF project; I was actually excited. 
i'm disliking this wetness  I want to go back to AZ, sunshining warm AZ
im dissapointed in all who did not show up, i finally cried  KHS&lt;33
im doin' nothing  http://twitpic.com/3ksw5
I'm doing a horrible job at keeping up with this Twitter! Sorry  We are still eating healthy! I will be sure to get some new recipes out!
I'm doing History because I really cant get motivated to do English thats bad aint it 
Im doing homework 
I'm doing homework 
I'm doing it wrong. 
im doing my ancient history assignment 
I'm doing my best to refrain myself from u. It's so painful  But it's high time I refrained.
i'm doing my hear and clean up my room  i listen to 'Hovering' by Miley Cyrus.. best song everrr! @mileycyrus
i'm doing my homework right now... but i'm soo tired... 
I'm doing my homework. It's gosh darn hard!! 
I'm doing my Junior Cert Tomorrow! English Paper 1 and Paper 2!  My hand will be falling off! 
i'm doing my laundry...huhuhu! 
I'm doing my nightly activities of lounging, getting ready for bed, facebook, twitter, aim, watching movies...up at 6:30AM for class! 
im doing my stupid case study, its sooo boring 
I'm doing my twitter, but i have no friend on my e-mail 
I'm doing nothing 
i'm doing nothing for the next min....  and after that back to work... 
Im doing nothing right now.. I want to get some sleep.. 
im doing nothing. i dont feel to good  
im doing some researching for my culinary arts subject. 
Im doing stupid English homework 
Im done , i really im he stood me up again 
Im done and i saw you leaving the store 
I'm done calling him. I don't like waking him up. 
I'm done cooking for like, a month. I'm so TIRED 
Im done Eating Me Butter Toast..i feel enrgized!!!! im on facebook there a pedo who want my number 
im done here for today!!! @kelonline @thismetalchic pls pls pls be careful n holla wen u guys r safe n settled....gudnite pple! 
Im done I think its a wrap deonte is loggin off 
I'm done now 2 go check on tires...... Still no word 
Im done with dating. All guys are they same. They are all selfish assholes who have the same desires when it comes to girls. 
I'm done... Welcome the fin d semana... Toy explotada 
im done...again 
I'm doomed!! Som much to do, so little time! 
i'm down to 3 pairs of pants that fit me. fuck, i need to lose weight. 
i'm dreading tomorrow. tests all day for 5 hours  hopefully my mcfly dvd will come so i can watch it after school 
im drinking a capri sun lol my teeth r kinda sore  cos of my retainer
I'm drinking nos! It's not even helping 
im driving home today! i feel like i missed out on fun things this weekend. 
I'm drunk...  and I have to be at paintball tmorrow.
Im dying 4 that, why Nick? im gonna cry 
I'm dying ayt work already...  I hate Flu and cough which attacking me right now..  I ate eating med that cause drowsy...
I'm dying for some toast with peanut butter. Got neither. 
im dying from the hiccups  someone save me...lol
I'M DYING FROM THIS WEATHER! god why is there global warming? 
I'm dying right now  that's awful.
I'm eating a Feast. They've shrunk 
I'm eating at Fridays in Jax alooone. 
I'm eating at panera but while I was typing I looked down and my bread bowl rolled off onto the floor 
I'm eating cherries and watching world history idol on my bed..... 
i'm eating chocolate covered pretzels which is reminding me of Mallrats and making me not want to eat them anymore. 
I'm eating lunch alone today  woes me.  Text me!
I'm eating my last bagel. 
im eating noodles for lunch. my braces are killing me. im crying 
I'm eating the final Justin brownie; so sad 
I'm emaciated  look it up and you'll agree
I'm embarrassed that my government even exerted an effort to extract an apology from Alec Baldwin over what he said in Letterman. 
I'm emo because I can't be part of demi's music video! one of the saddest days of my life 
I'm enjoying my lazy day. If only they could all be lazy days 
I'm enjoying some of twining's finest peppermint tea before bed. Just opened my 2nd to last box of it  still have sainsburys earl grey tho
I'm entirely sad that my mum and dad are leaving.  But they'll get me mcfly cds!
im epic cold right now, and i cant find my elephant 
Im epically failing at this game of bowling. 
I'm epicly bored, and I miss Lisa..  We've been together two weeks today. &lt;3
I'm even more ill today and the pneumatic drill has started up again. 
I'm every so lonely 
I'm excited about tonight!  Going to be a beautiful day too. I hate it that Ray has to sleep through it! 
I'm excited that @kingofkrump is a judge tonight on #sytycd...but that means no krump either..... 
i'm excruciatingly sad that my daddy will not be here to see me graduate 
Im Exhausted  Bed Soon
I'm exhausted  my eyes are closing!
im exhausted &amp; I still have so much to do in the next 24 hours. scratch that- much to do in the next 72 hours  but lifes about to get good
I'm exhausted , pissed off and scared 
I'm exhausted but my damn ocd won't let me sleep til I rearrange my shoes 
i'm exhausted!! off to a meeting 
I'm exhausted, but I just can't fall asleep. 
I'm exhausted. Do I really have to pack? 
I'm exhausted. I had all sorts of bad dreams last night.   Bout to take a shower.
i'm exhausted. i still haven't slept... it's like the story of my life 
I'm exhausted. Long but fantastic weekend. I'm in need of a nap. I might have to miss out on my family time tonight. 
I'm exhausted. So busy all the time... socially... which is weird. It never ends. It's good... but tiring. I need money.. 
I'm exhausted. Studying everyday is kind of a worse work.  I'm getting crazy. 
i'm exhausted. ugh 
I'm exhausted... 
im exhausted... the heat really drains u.. and im feeling sick. i may have 2 throw in the towel on the cleanse  that thing is real
im exhausted...and evidently i missed birthday drinks with @awesomeosity.  
I'm extremely sad today. 
I'm facing a dilemma - Sam baby won't let me see Star Trek again til I give blood  BLACKMAIL! lol
im fair sick,,,just so ye know 
I'm fairly upset that I got an 89.42% in Senior Bible.  Frankly I feel like I deserve the .08 boost to an A, but I likely won't get it. 
im falling asleep at the table...and tmrw i have my math regents..at 8am 
im falling asleep at work 
I'm falling asleep. I can barely keep my eyes open. Problem is, I have a lot to finish before tomorrow. 
im falling in love with eddy from pearl jam &lt;3 but he's too old for me   www.myspace.com/Zoe_Suicide
I'm fearing the photos from last night! Just remembered I had a white bra on under my black top, fingers crossed we can't see all! 
I'm fed up of the rain this weekend 
I'm fed up to work my exams. 've got so many other things to do! 
im feeeellling EMMOOOO  i need a hug right now  i just want everything to go back to normal, ahhh but there was never a guarantee
Im feeel sick =S my head hurts me 
i'm feelin a lil down today 
I'm feelin an inter-web overdose. Need to get up &amp; stretch those...what are they called? Oh yeah, muscles. Must prep for mowing tomorrow  
I'm feeling a bit better today than yesterday but i'm still sore  x
I'm feeling a bit drained today -so hard to come to work! 
I'm feeling a bit sick 
i'm feeling a little deflated now... there's no follow @peterfacinelli spamming. no obsessing. wen @211me does his dance it'll be over 
I'm feeling a little down today.  Hopefully, my mood will improve. 
im feeling a little sick now.  i want to go to Lillias day tomorrow.
I'm feeling a little tired  I'm so going to sleep in the plane. Brisbane domestic airport --&gt; http://bit.ly/kN3A5
I'm feeling a little under the weather at home resting. Pray for me. 
I'm feeling a little underappreciated lately. 
i'm feeling all light headed and ill 
I'm feeling cold so I'm putting on a jumper and slippers (not the heating!!!!). I'm sure it's not actually cold I must just still be ill 
I'm feeling damn sick. Getting nauseated. 
i'm feeling down.... 
I'm feeling drained and exhausted - job hunting during the recession. I've been looking for months 
i'm feeling f***ing down right now, with i dunnoe the reason why...or should i say with dunnoe the real reason why... 
I'm feeling groggy, sore, and a little sick. Good morning  haha! What's the word, Twitter? 
I'm feeling hungry. well as usual. and there's nothing to eat at home! 
I'm feeling kind of blue because I didn't receive my SAT question of the day today. 
I'm feeling kind of yucky this morning 
I'm feeling kinda low 
Im feeling kinda sad now. I don't think I'm gonna get my text. Its all my fault 
im feeling like im comin down with the flu, my kids with their dad for the week and im freakin sick! 
I'm feeling like I'm working for free. I really need a new job. Life is too expensive for this Lucky Strike bullshit. 
I'm feeling like Katrina with no FEMA;  like Martin with no Gina. 
im feeling like shit 
IM FEELING LOST W/O MY CHARGER RITE NOW 
I'm feeling low.. 
im feeling much better today...but still have to go in for an ultrasound on monday 
I'm feeling pretty down about not being able to work out 
I'm feeling pretty low and ignored... 
I'm feeling pretty sick  Like vomit kinda sick  I should probably go home but meh.
I'm feeling rather... stood up. 
I'm feeling really anxious this evening... I don't like that feeling.  *deep breath*
I'm feeling really down right now tweepls 
I'm feeling really ill at the moment.. can't go to the rest of retreat (win!) but I need to get over this flu before my Deb on saturday 
i'm feeling really lakeland-sick right now. i just want to jump back into last semester   can't wait to see everyone again
I'm feeling rundown.  It's only Tuesday 
I'm feeling seriously ill today and the drilling is giving me a bad headache 
I'm feeling sick to my stomach because of this. 
i'm feeling sick, maybe its because of the lemon muffin. 
I'm feeling sick, my mom is making me clean up the house and my brothers are still sleeping. Not fair! 
Im feeling sick...left work early bc if it. 
i'm feeling so effed up na! so hungry na kasi and i'm even craving for dairy queen pa! gahd. i so miss g.pretty 
i'm feeling so hungry and i'm mizzing my baby 
I'm feeling so lethargic outta the blue 
Im feeling so lonely now  Boring.
I'm feeling so lousy.  Bout to get me some chicken soup. I think my babygirl got me sick! lol. And yet another way she affects me. lol.
im feeling so mentel la lately.. all to thanks to my baby zidan. GERAM jek.   mati larh.. next week gonna miss baby zidan badly!! 
Im feeling so sick right now its not even funny 
i'm feeling so tired now  Should i go back to twitter but i dont want my karma to drop lehhhhh.
Im feeling soo depressed, nooo awesome concerts ever happen here 
i'm feeling sorry for Air France 
I'm feeling sorry for you aussiemates.. 
I'm feeling stressed 
i'm feeling the hurt today lemme tell ya what. volunteering for habitat for humanity was good but Im so sore today and it was 100 deg out 
im feeling tired &amp; lazy  long day at work! @laurenmcghee hahaha just to make sure you know that's not his real hair, unfortunately :|
Im feeling very emotional at the mo 
I'm feeling very ill at the moment  I wouldn't mind if it was just a headache but the shooting pains are horrible.
I'm feeling very nasaly today 
I'm feeling very sad and lonely right now   I miss my hubby  
I'm feeling.. sad? strange? confused? I don't know. 
I'm fighting off feeling sick. Hoping it's just tired. I'm really not feeling too well, though 
im filled to the brim with good things. workday tomorrow though, i think i can't go to work. 
i'm filled with anguish because i'm not outside now when the sun is shining. damn!! i think about go out and do something. BUT WHAT!? 
im finally awake but idnt feel soo good 
I'm finally back home! Spending sunday protecting my camp gate from monkeys really sucks 
Im finally getting caught up with my COLLEGE HILL episodes...awww poor Chris! 
im finally going home but didnt get to finish all my work  so ill be back tomorrow
im finally going to go to bed.....yeah yeah..... early morning tomorrow....my sis has orientation...happy for her  sad for me
I'm finally home! But I have all of my homework to do 
I'm finally in Utah with my hubby... he's working all the way into tomorrow... tear! Poor Baby!!! 
I'm finally leaving orlando.  back to gville
I'm finally watching the wwdc keynote. I hope Steve jobs makes a comeback keynote. Apple keynotes are not as fun without him 
I'm fine everyone. Thank you for caring. My car is pretty effed tho 
Im fixn 2 bash my friends right now bucz im sad and depressed.  My life is so sad.
I'm flying back to bmore in about one min! Vacation over 
I'm four pages in. 20 to go. Ugh. http://bit.ly/SHArE   Last year I only did 16. I'm an hour behind 
Im freaked out coz there's a huge bee on the bus 
I'm freakin' jealous of @irisvarsi  She can go to JB concert in Sweden :'( Why I caaaaaannn't ? :'(
I'm freakin sick with a 9 hour shift today   
I'm freaking hell tired,but I don't feel like sleeping. I dont know why 
I'm freaking mad!!!!! 
im freaking out 
I'm free and sad 
I'm free!! LOL finally got out of work been there since 2pm  don't go back till Wednesday! 
Im freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!  I whant the boys to spam kzaa  That sounds a bit wired XD
i'm freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeezzzzzzzzzzzing  i want to move back to the sun - NOW!!!
I'm freezin ova here in the city! And I gotta b out here till 10  http://myloc.me/3VUY
i'm freezing in here, gotta get the hot-water bag out haha it was supposed to be warm? 
im freezing!!  oh and i gotta wake up in about 5 hours...  sad  FAIL for me :S Song you should be hearing right now: Hold me Down - MCS
Im freezing... stupid shitty weather 
I'm friggin cold and wondering why i don't have any extra blankets in the house...    
I'M FRIGGIN' EXCITED.....even though theres Stupid Rain 
Im friggin starvin!!! I'd give up my drawers rite now for some curry chicken, brown rice with cabbage and mac n cheese. 
Im frightened as to why all those whales beached themselves.  mass-ive suicide.
I'm frustated at the chapter I'm working on. The technology is not as cool as I thought. Now I have to start over. 
I'm frustrated that my Guitar Hero controller appears to be broken.  It's throwing extra strums in for no good reason  #fb
i'm frustrated that my phone updates don't work. already sent two now but none of them show up here!! what am i doing wrong?? 
im frustrated with this place. how does it work? will I ever know? Do I already know and this is it? 
I'm frustrated! The game is soooo hard, my hand hurts 
I'm fuckin' bored!!! 
I'm fuckin sun burned like no other. Found out my charges are getting droped. Deleted my myspace for no reason  I'm sad
I'm fucking done. Ughhh. I always procrastinate -_-  whatever. 3 hrs of sleep tonight.                                                 ...
i'm fucking scare right noooow. alex gaskarth has a panic attack 
I'm fucking worried, I can't have lost my documents, I can't...  bed time, bonne nuit mes amis..
I'm full  feel like... a turkey on Thanksgiving ! I should go walking and running tonight, burning the excessive kcal...
I'm full from the food &amp; cake we ate!  but that was some yummy ass BBQ, Mexican style babyy. Y tres leches cake mmmm!
im full. really full. fuck!!! I totally broke my detox fucking chinese food! 
I'm gaining weight. Life sux.  
I'm gettin ready 4 church n feelin upset that I'm missin tha 9am service smh I luv 1st service 
Im gettin' ready for ANOTHER CHURCH BANQUET...  lollllzzzz
I'm gettin ready for my trip back to MA...  I don't wanna leave!
Im gettin redy for the funeral...  i hate my scout uniform
Im getting  a cold.....oh man! I hate being sick 
I'm getting a blackberry so I don't miss anything anymore! Still pretty bummed I missed the chance to win tix to Gavin DeGraw 
im getting a coldddd  cough coughh! better go get ready seen as megan said go to hers for 5pm...so not going to happen :|
I'm getting a fever blister. Ughhhhh. Thank you sun and stress! 
im getting a headache behind my eyes  it kinda hurts bad 
I'm getting back into playing TF2 
I'm getting back into rythm now, but there may not be enough time now to do the second piece! 
I'm getting better now , I've been sick  tomorrow we have a day off from school, so that's gooooood &lt;33
I'm getting bored now. I just want to go and try for my drivers licence already. I don't want to wait an hour 
i'm getting bored of jenson button winning the f1 races all the time... 
im getting fatter..i can feel my butt wiggling everytime i walk 
Im getting hella tired guys  fuck. I have to be awake to pick up my aunt.
I'm getting hungry for minions... I mean followers. Everyone who follows me gets a free cupcake!! No, wait. I can't back that up. 
I'm getting kinda frustrated being the person who knows how things work but can't explain it in laypersons' terms to anyone else. 
Im getting left in the dust! Everyone is gonna be driving next year except for me  COOL PEOPLE DRIVE! LOSERS TAKE THE BUS! lol fml...
I'm getting me &amp; my family ready for Kaylee's graduation! It's gonna make me so sad. 
I'm getting monday morning blues on sunday night 
I'm getting more and more reactions when stroking the cat.  Now I have welts on my hands from where she caught me with her claws.  
I'm getting my new 160GB Hard drive put into my computer today. 40 of it will go to waste as the maximum this Dell 9300 can see is 120GB 
im getting nowhere with this and its so late 
I'm getting ready for bed.  I wish I could say that this was early for sleep, but 6am is what's early.  
I'm getting ready to give this blood 
Im getting ready to go to my farm!!!    Hope i have a great time there!!!  No internet though!!!  
I'm getting ready to go to work 
i'm getting ready to go to work...i don't want to go 
I'm getting ready to head down to Charlotte with Karla, but I really wish that I was heading home for my cousin's wedding this weekend. 
I'm getting real tired of Ohio weather, What happened to spring? You remember spring right? It was warm and there were flowers.... 
I'm getting really sad that I'm leaving tomorrow  I'm gonna miss everyone solo much!
im getting really spotty and my spots ALWAYS scar... and NO its not because i pick them, even if i dont,they scar- FACT  my skin sucks
I'm getting realy sick of people calling me fat  note to self: never mention wanting to lose weight on Twitter...
I'm getting seriously fed up with my office blocking youtube 
im getting sick  i need to sleep and read but i cbf reading.
im getting sick  someone come over and take care of me.
I'm getting sick of being called into work. 
I'm getting sick. I know how bad it feels. Oh no please, this week is gonna be a busy week 
I'm getting sleepy. It is only 9:52 in the evening. I think I'm cool. 
I'm getting stuck at every traffic light this morning 
I'm getting the fail banana at tr.im  And just when I want to post a pic to try to demonstrate what I'm going to explain terribly
I'm getting this feeling that today isn't going to be too good. 
I'm getting tired of having these damn migraines...  I'm ill, and not in a fresh way!
Im Getting to teeth pulled out tommorow !  I was really excited .. Now im terrified ! 
I'm getting too old for this game  my body can no longer cope with staying up until 4 in the morning and sleeping on the floor.
I'm getting up and going to school 
I'm getting worried. Nic's flight is being delayed and I'm not sure why. 
im gg for mtg now. 
I'm giving it the benefit of a doubt because even Harry Potter sucked for the first ten pages.
i'm giving myself a bed time tonight because tomorrow is my first day of work and i can't sleep in til noon 
I'm giving thanks for another day, but why couldn't I just  sleep in until a little later? 
I'm giving up on moisturizing my pale ass skin until its tan again.  What happened to my beautiful tan!!!! 
im giving up on trying to make a photo thing of me and my friends 
i'm giving up, i'll just wait and waste ï¿½30 on it and go spend the majority of next week in London to take my mind off my lack of Sims 3 
im glad everybody liked the new video lols and i totally just woke up  awwwwww
I'm glad I have the day off! My mouth still hurts from the dentist yest. 
I'm glad I missed the majority of this game. (via @TheRopolitans) you and me both  I'm watching Casino Royale #shakennotstirred
I'm glad I'm watching the Bats win and not the Yankees lose 
I'm glad it's Friday, been a hard week 
I'm glad my Homer is still rolling strong in year 3. Hope he goes a while longer. Can't afford a new lappy 
I'm glad my mother FINALLY got her Mothers day e-card...too bad it took a week for her to receive it...damn you email! Eh 
Im glad only 9 pictures  came out from the weekend. I wish i had my digital cam 
im glad that my mum doesn't waste her time doing trivial things like food shopping. personally i quite like starving ... 
I'm glad the lakers won but WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO WATCH NOW 
im glad to be home now, wow its been way too hot at work, it was 85 degrees! all we had were fans blowing hot air around 
Im Glad to find most of my flickr buddies here  Miss u Guys i've been quite inactive on flickr 
im gnna miss everyoneee so much when i go to the lousyyy shmaeltacht 
im go0nna fall  asleep  on my feet  ZZZZZZ    i just got back from the ppool
IM GOIN BLONDLE AND I GIVE 2 FUCKS. ps... hi haterssss... and sorry mom i know cussin aint lady like. 
Im goin home on fri 4 a week.. Cant wait.. But then back in until august 
im goin to bed early...got mad laps to run tmrw 
I'm goin to bed on an empty stomach   I wanna run to mickey D's but ima just wait it out till the morning.. Night Twitz and FB fam..
I'm goin to bed. and no i'm not happy. 
Im goin to cry im goin to cry om goin to cry !!  (yn)
im goin to go see drag me to hell OMG im soooooo scared  w/ the bestie
im goin to nap now, doctors appt. soon. ughh 
I'm goin to see Lady Gaga tomorrow!! ...In my mind 
im goin to sleeep. i should of went to see Hangover wit Jelany.  &amp;&amp; im pissed my drunkin pics i took toniite wont show.! uuugh fuk this.
im goin to Witchita for the weekend then leaving Cambria in Oklahoma with Daniels mom for the week! im gunna be lost without her  ily CLW!
im goin up the coast 2 stay the night.. my sister is leaving the country tomorrow nite  going 2 live in London for a year. tweet yas later
Im going 2 miss my friends soo much! And my house..And even CT a lil bit  
im going 2 the doctors now...wish me luck? :\ uggh i hate the doctors  cyaaa xxx &lt;3
I'm going 2 uni for a bit tomorrow. Mum wants me to wear a mask to protect myself but I'm afraid people will think I'm sick and shun me 
I'M GOING AS A NINJA. I wanted to go as Hagrid, but I can't find clothes that work. 
Im going away to walk in the rain  more tweets later ;)
I'm going back to bed, cus I don't feel well  maybe all the stress got to me and gave me a headache. I try to sleep but I keep waking up.
I'm going back to Jubail today.  
i'm going blind, for real  and yes, this is my same status as fbook, but i feel that this is very important...
I'm going coo coo!!  Have had a long day 
I'm going crazy, I want live in EEUU again  .
im going for a jog to see if its the cure for boredom 
I'm going for tuition now  Boring.
I'm going GYM soon! Its going to be very tiring!  OH well
I'm going home and putting a heating pad on my back.  This pain is brutal!
im going home early after skool ends 
I'm going home today 
I'm going home! It's been a LONG day! --I have a KC company looking at me! I hope they can afford me! I miss my mom and dad...  
I'm going home. Tear  My house is so home-like. Huuuhh(that was a big sigh)
Im going in now, it looks like the sun has gone 
I'm going insane! I need it now! 
I'm going now &lt;3  hmmmm
Im going now bcos i want to buy some songs off iTunes and i cant do it on the laptops..  THERES A BLOODY FLY IN MY ROOM AGAIN..
I'm going out tonight and am going to miss BGT  Wonder if they'll let Hollie win if she cries tonight...
I'm going running. I don't care if it's raining. I can't stay inside anymore. It is supposed to rain in NJ for another week 
im going swimming today niggs! im soo tired, im off today but i need money 
im going through Carrie Underwood withdraws very badly, and idk when i will get to see her again, its been 11 months&amp; counting! 
Im going through Freaks &amp; Geeks withdrawl. 
i'm going through the past and regretting lots of things.  get me out of here. 
im going to an interview tomorrow.... dont know what to wear 
i'm going to apologize for my last tweet, it was mildy harsh, but i'm very angry with someone i really trusted. they let me down. 
I'm going to apply for a job... another one.... just not getting anything back...  so annoying need a job and just cant get one
I'm going to attempt to combat my OCD. I HAVE to stop. 
I'm going to bath.. Lazy 
I'm going to be a freshman. Oh my goodness. It's shocking really. Quite sad that 8th grade is over though 
I'm going to be an old man tomorrow 
I'm going to be at work for another hour. A nearly fifteen hour work day. My piece of Shit boss let an 8 top in at five after close.  
I'm going to be disecting fruit flies. I feel itchy all over just looking at them flying in the jars. Ew.  - http://tweet.sg
I'm going to be in the library for the rest of my lifeeee 
Im going to be late again!! Time managment muchh!!! 
I'm going to be pissed if they cancel it...  http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/TV/04/30/save.chuck.show/index.html SAVE CHUCK!
I'm going to be really sad when my alarm goes off in the morning 
I'm going to be sick forever!  that means I'm going to cry forever! Happy tori GONE! 
im going to be veryvery depressed until july 14. the BAM squad isnt the same without our alisa  have fun in japan bitch!
I'm going to be without a computer for a few days 
I'm going to be without my main comp.    It needs to see the doctor. Hope I can be on later.
I'm going to be working forever now and have now time for a social life after tonight 
I'm going to bed ....it's weird the 1st time in a long time.. He didn't call and say goodnight  ... Ima lil curious
I'm going to bed after aome code giving me the run around  for severalk hours  but I got there in the end...
I'm going to bed and sleeping in tomorrow morning in hopes that one day soon I won't have to chug aspirin. 
I'm going to bed early tonight. I have to pack all day tomorrow. 
I'm going to bed early tonight. My mum tells me I look tired  I need sleep.
I'm going to bed feeling a bit depressed. Not really looking forward to tomorrow 
I'm going to bed now- think I'm getting a cold  night to everyone xxxx
I'm going to bed with a heavy heart. Good night world. I pray tomorrow will be a much better day. 
I'm going to bed! I'm beat out after today, had a crazy water balloon fight! Best last day of school ever!  Going to miss everyone! 
I'm going to bed. 
I'm going to bed. Gotta get up tomorrow and work 
I'm going to bed. just watched you me and depree, funny movie, and I am sad that the AP tour is over. what an amazing tour it was to. 
I'm going to bed. My teeth are still killing me 
I'm going to bed.It's absolute hell being sick 
I'm going to bloody miss about 40 minutes of the conference. 
Im going to buy the new green day cd I cant go to the concert in vienna  SHit!
I'm going to cook a quiche while looking at the summer rain 
I'm going to cry my cry broke down and my concert starts in 20 mins and we are just getting to the hotel noooo  
i'm going to cry myself to sleep for missing @symphnysldr, @cashstwit, @johnsonCAB, @marshallthreads, &amp; @bryankdawson tonite at the Roxy 
I'm going to cry!! 
I'm going to cycle to the gym, then, when I get back I've got to sit and fill in some forms for my volunteer placement. I hate forms!!  xx
I'm going to die 
im going to die from starvation. im too lazy to cook or drive tho... suicide 
I'm going to die if I keep trying to take a picture.  And its FML 120. 
Im going to die of boredum this summer ! 
I'm going to do a work with my friends 
Im going to eat sushi again... ''Thanks alot tiff'' 
I'm going to end my sale in folksy shop as no one seemed interested  Guess I shouldn't have picked a weekend when everyone was out in sun
i'm going to explote! i think that i do the things  well but always someone tells me that is bad 
Im going to fail my maths exam - I dont understand any of it 
i'm going to fail this qrter i can feel it... 
i'm going to fail? 
I'm going to fall asleep again, I can feel it! By golly I'm sooo tired this week 
I'm going to get dressed and go to the most evil store in Falkirk - Maplin! I could spend Â£000s in there  Just as well I'm broke ;-)
I'm going to get so sunburned. 
I'm going to get up in the morning with swollen eyes because I started thinking about my husband/children's father last day with us 
im going to go and take a hot bath for an half and hour to an hour and then to bed...i have school in the morning..didn't get to see adam 
i'm going to go crawl into a hole and die.....  im sick of life... im sick of crying... im sick of heartbreak 
I'm going to go drunk-make-out with the nearest chick with fake boobs and tattoos to drown my sorrows. 
I'm going to go heelhook some textbooks. 
I'm going to go mental!!!@$! So many tests tomorrow, I'm going to cry. I haven't even studied for them. I was working on some late work 
im going to go to the library, after unsucessfully looking for free books to read online 
I'm going to go work out!...I'm sad..I wish he would call me..but that that would only ruin things 
I'm going to hang around the army post. . ..... For work! 
im going to have a long drive tonight to Galway  but it will be worth it
I'm going to have a very numb mouth at mater dei's confirmation. I hate cavities 
im going to have another twitterbreak later. 
im going to have nightmaresss 
I'm going to have to call telecom because the wi-wifi on my laptop isint working 
I'm going to have to do some hardcore level grinding. Lame. 
I'm going to have to start limiting my Food Network viewing. Everytime I watch I get hungry. Right now I want paella. Too late to cook. 
i'm going to hong kong this wednesday, and i don't wanna have a long twitter break. i wanna stayyy 
I'm going to joes for a sleep over because my air is broken  Thanks you know who for falling asleep!
i'm going to kill myself T_T . i wasted hundreds of download and realised i got the wrong one 
I'm going to lay down for a bit. My arms hurt soooooo bad. Damn growing pains 
I'm going to leave now and get my photo taken before I get the chance to rub eyeliner all over my face. No longer a student 
im going to make the most of this sunshine and go play tennis in the park! dont even know why im updatuing this i have 0 followers BOOOO! 
I'm going To milwaukee tomarrow 
I'm going to miss @aaronmontijo and his flirty self. 
im going to miss @haugenpaul singing, Steve teaching and @aronstrongs karate leason 
I'm going to miss art class 
I'm going to miss dinner parties once the kid's here. 
I'm going to miss E304  I won't miss cleaning it though!
I'm going to miss JT today. 
I'm going to miss Miss Suhana 
I'm going to miss Mori. 
I'm going to miss most of #MusicMonday and that makes me sad  I should've made it MusicSunday or maybe I'll make it MusicTuesday! ;-)
i'm going to miss my boyfriend 
I'm going to miss my computer  All I've got is my phone. Boo Hoo.
im going to miss my dear friend fe. She's going to Germany in 2 weeks 
I'm going to miss my favorite cousin 
I'm going to miss my girls.  http://twitpic.com/6aig1
I'm going to miss my iMac so much over the next month. 
I'm going to miss my kids 
I'm going to miss my lovely family  I think my Farsi improved more than my French during this trip. But from tomorrow till Friday = Paris.
i'm going to miss my pace girls sooo much. seriously, class today was so much fun, i almost started crying when we left 
I'm going to miss my twin.  Say hi to Wisconsin for me Mr. Wesley Farnsworth.
I'm going to miss the Bar Mitzva in the kibbutz  ho well, I guess I'll have fun in somewhere else instead- Kfar Saba (:
I'm going to miss the classroom I've taught in for the past 9 years. I'm excited about my new position, but still... 
I'm going to miss the country music awardy tonight.  BIFFY
I'm going to miss the dark room. 
Im going to miss the french open final due to work 
i'm going to miss the midnight showing of transformers 
I'm going to miss the retards here 
I'm going to miss the seniors so much!  Don't goo!
i'm going to miss the Tom Hanks interview on This Morning  i thought he was fab on Jonathan Ross
im going to miss the volvo ocean race boats in galway ! they are leaving saturday  i hope the green dragon wins !!
I'm going to miss these guys  http://twitpic.com/7xyem
I'm going to miss those girls 
Im going to miss you, @Download2009 
Im going to miss you. I hope its not over 
I'm going to my best friend Melissa. She's going to America next week, and stays there for the whole summer  I'm gonna miss her so much!!
i'm going to need a back massage stat! or I'm going to have some serious back problems. Seriously 
I'm going to need at least one more cup of coffee to get through this nightshift. Head is not in a good place right now 
I'm going to poop an cry at the same time  maybe my bac hurts is all know
I'm going to post the last ever episode of the tide NOW just to get it out of the way 
i'm going to practice driving today. my driving test is next thursday  i regret lagging for so long. could've had a license by now...
I'm going to put myself out of this misery and go to freakin bed.  Ugh 
Im going to Quebec for the week-end....and its another rainy day 
I'm going to school  byeeee !
I'm going to school in a minute.... It's gonna be a long day 
I'm going to see Matt in SHOUT! on Friday. I can't wait, I'm sure he'll be amazing. Gah, he's already amazing! I wish he'd said yes 
I'm going to sit in bed and do a maths paper. School on tuesday! 
i'm going to sleep now, and hopefully i'll stop feeling ill 
i'm going to sleep now. how i wish.. haiii.. 
I'm going to sleep now. I have to wake for the A+ program at freakin 8:00 in the morning and stay there till 12 noon! (Too early for me) 
I'm going to sleep...tomorrow, I work ! 
im going to start playing wow again ....   
i'm going to stay in my home,  i miss my mom :'(
I'm going to take a shower as well, I sent out invites to @Candice_Jo @Eznite_Ramos but no response yet 
I'm going to take some pain medication and go to sleep I should never feel like I'm swallowing a mouth full of rocks 
i'm going to the airport now, i'll miss you sister 
I'm going to the Chris Leavins Story Hour on Sunday in Victoria, BC... Cute With Chris Live on Saturday night was sold out and Im busy 
im going to the dentist this wk! my tooth is killng me 
I'm going to the doctors tomorrow to get some stitches out and I'm nervous 
I'm going to the familys house for an indian buffet. at 12pm. i'm basically having a massive indian for breakfast. so unhealthy 
im going to the pub!! lol loved the weather 2day well tanin it up haha back 2 work 2moro tho 
i'm going to tunisia 3 weeks today!! arrgh. i have so much to do before then. first things first, got a few exams to pass. i'm scared 
I'm going to visit my sick kitten Nacho when Dad gets home. He's at the Vet. He's wearing a plastic collar. He has a catheter in him. 
im going to walk away from it all and end my life on a bad note 
im going to watch the office and go to bed.. it was such a longg day.. I can't wait to sleep in sat morning. 2 more days of work 
Im going to workkk  even if I dont want to 
I'm going tro miss my daddy on Fathers Day. 
IM GOING VERY SAD IF TERRI QUITS SHES ALREADY NOT THE SAME FUNNY TERRI THAT I MISS 
im going wake boarding by myself  byeee love you guys
I'm going with it's just a pulled muscle.  Now, no Dr visit necessary.I just wish it would stop hurting...  
im goint to miss all u mother fucker 8th graders from bancroft  last day
i'm gon miss my lil' crazy niece for 8 days &amp; 9 nights... she's gon' be in the Philippines..  
I'm gona be moving out today I guess, I really dont want to, this sucks so bad 
im gona go rest my leg hurts        
I'm gonna &quot;read&quot; the volleyball rules. goodbye twitter world! 
i'm gonna be a good girl and stay at my dorm doing my reading and will not go to the banjo-playing guy's house 
I'm gonna be all alone til like 6 tomorrow! 
im gonna be at urban forever...w a giant headache 
im gonna be sad when i have to wear actualfax clothes tomorrow  only good thing about finals: you can look like a bum and no one cares.
I'm gonna be the main stripper there. Bring lots of 1's so you can tip me. Times are hard. 
im gonna bounce cause i have no one to talk to  have a nice night. xx
i'm gonna bum mymaths today (so nearly wrote myspace there) but i had to uninstall beautiful firefox cos it was breaking my laptop 
im gonna carb myself im never out this late with the kiddos,,im sooo tired n joseph is acting like a crazy a@@ AFRICAN ZULU 
Im gonna clean ma room!!! Its rather messy/dusty!!! Bad times! 
i'm gonna cry  here comes the pain 
i'm gonna die today  track meet today then dance after.
im gonna fail this test miserably in history 
I'm gonna feather my hair today in honor of Farrah facett  see you in heaven angel
i'm gonna finish this today. @jiniusatwork i got yr sms.financial constraint. 
I'm gonna freeze because i left my hoodie 
IM GONNA GET GG-ED IN AN HOUR OR LESS. Please pray for me  (241th update!)
I'm gonna get my flu shot today  I'm kinda scared lol
Im gonna get shouted at, possibly a slap, and i havent done anything! 
I'm gonna go ahead and change that  to a 
I'm gonna go back on a diet. Hate being overweight !! 
im gonna go cry and hope hulu puts it up soon 
im gonna go for a bath. i bet my sunburn is gonna sting like a bitch 
I'm gonna go night night. Have to wake up at 345am 
im gonna go to bed alone again.  Sad day for me. but itll get better.
I'm gonna have to give away my dog.  &lt;3
i'm gonna have to lock my page...damn u, britney f*cked videos!!! 
I'm gonna have to stop ripping my CDs into MP3s at 192kbps.  Will Kid Creole cheer me up? http://is.gd/15f7e
im gonna leave this land below da wind tomorrow...so em sek tak... 
Im gonna look like crap friday  oh well
Im gonna make those smores by myself...how sad... 
im gonna miss Ashlee &amp; Kate the most  leaving meal 2nyt i think there will be tears!!
Im gonna miss desperate housewives, what am I gonna doooo 
i'm gonna miss eddy if we're half the country apart 
im gonna miss him soo much! tennesse then the grand canyon... 
I'm gonna miss Jay Leno. I can't believe tomorrow is his last show 
I'm gonna miss my car...its totaled 
im gonna miss my classmates, not gonna see most of them the whole summer  but the most important ones i'll see of course !
I'm gonna miss my kids.  They were a royal pain in the butt sometimes but they made my class eventful. sob! 
Im gonna miss my primary skool friends  u guys are the best!
I'm gonna miss not getting up early tomorrow 
I'm gonna miss south downs college  this autumn everythings going to change - it's gonna be so hard saying bye to everyone as they leave
im gonna miss the bikes being in trees, going out every weekend, being with my sisters, my best friend being so close  im gonna miss p ...
I'm gonna miss the coffe boy 
I'm gonna miss the game!!!! Ugggghhhh  ... But GOoooOOo Nuggets!!! 
I'm gonna miss the Tonight Show with Jay Leno. 
I'm gonna miss the volleyball tryouts. 
I'm gonna miss these kids so much 
I'm gonna miss this view 
im gonna miss u so much!!! 
I'm gonna miss you Baby Albert!  Hope you rest in peace, you are now in my thoughts and prayers! You are angel 
i'm gonna miss you guys! 
Im gonna miss you twitter world  spesh all the mcfly guys updates  ill be checking laters ;) x
I'm gonna need a buttload of tylonol to get me out of this one 
i'm gonna need a caffeine i.v. in the morning. oh wait... it is morning  @meamcj would not b pleased right now. but she's snoozing hehehe
I'm gonna pass out. I hate jetlag  I just wanna be with my friends :'(
I'm gonna play the 'im sorry I'm an athiest' card one more time... Please? 
Im gonna roll up in a ball and cry.   this suck!
I'm gonna shop with my sister. Thanks God she has a car, otherwise I wouldn't make it - my leg is so painful, I can't even walk 
I'm gonna sound like a whore but i'd LOVE to do playboy 
I'm gonna study chemistry...baaahh! I HATE chemistry! 
i'm gonna study for school  . But it's the last exam !! and then SUMMER  :]
Im gonna sue facebook and myspace! Lol If it wasnt SO addicting I would get more than 3-5 hours of sleep a night!   Haha
Im gonna take a nap when my ipod dies lol it only has 10% of battery left, mann &amp; i wanted to keel playin tap tap 
I'm gonna take me a lil nap. That iHop made a nigga lazy, thats y i dont do breakfast food. arggghh 
I'm gonna try and sleep again | why do all my favourite careers involve fame .. 
Im gonna watch a move don't know witch movie. PPP is online on megaupload but in french and I don't spek french. 
im gonna watch a movie with @nikki1282 and @brianfischer i missed hanging with them so much 
I'm gonna watching &quot;America america&quot; with my parents (  ) B back later xx
I'm good at a lot of things...cooking is not one of them. 
I'M GRADUATING! I'M GRADUATING! IT'S ABOUT F'ING TIME! IT FEELS GREAT TO GET OUT OF HIGH SCHOOL. YEY!! I'M GOIN TO MISS MY FRIENDS THOUGH 
I'm grasping out at straws...  Thinking back to what I saw...  That night on the floor when we were all alone...  
Im grounded at the moment so dont txt me 
im grounded today  text me!
I'm guessing getting a headache everyday isn't healthy  I should probably get that checked out.
i'm guilty of neglecting my guinea pigs, will go feed them now 
im gunna get going now the sooner you start the sonner you finish but i dont think i will finish  bad times love you all update soon x xx
Im gunna have to 2nd that @Trelawney17 also Tysons last night in town 
I'm gunna mis connan tonight kinda pissed. Well off to a full day in hollywood than home 
im gutted im in for the night  i want some eye candy!
I'm gutted miley Cyrus tickets are all sold out! 
I'm gutted that CBeebies on One isn't showing Mister Maker  Also my Sky remote is completely and utterly fucked.
im gutted, went to see about gettin tickets for proms in the park at hillsborough castle and they are all sold out, *sob sob* not fair!! 
Im had to leave early to go to piccolo practice. 
I'm half awake in my comm theory section... Wahhhh! I want my bed...  
I'm happy and sad. My Ks are moving on to 1st grade. But I wont be with them. 
I'm happy I got my late evening java jolt so I can stay focused on getting some things done tonight! Last day at Agito tomorrow too 
I'm happy my sweetie is ok...sorry to hear that it's kidney stones 
I'm happy that the Da Vinci code sucks.
im happy tonight but i have tummy pains  !! ahwell mum and dad r out have my McFly blasting and im singing very loud !!! woop !!!
I'm hating AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALL iPhone 3Gs owners today..yes I'm sorry   
I'm hating my web browser right now. 
I'm hating myself so much right now. 
I'm hating on myself big time this morning...trying to get over it 
im hating the fact that i only started worrying about report cards with 2 weeks left for school to be over 
Im havin a teary cos i hit ny neighbours trailor 
I'm having a bad hair day 
I'm having a bad morning  
I'm having a bad morning and it's not even 6:30.  
I'm having a difficulty expressing my feelings. 
I'm having a hard time posting my picture on twitter 
I'm having a hell of a time with the bridge to my new song! Blehhhh  this sickness has taken over my brainnn
im having a horrible day! but thanks ashley tisdale for this http://tinyurl.com/czzwqd im trying! 
I'm having a love affair with New Market Square. The only &quot;dirty underwear on the floor&quot; is that Kohls isn't there. 
im having a lovely weekend off but i cant understand where the sun has gone from the week, its pissing down 
i'm having a major headache!  It hurts so bad!!!
I'm having a major headache.. 
I'm having a moment, so sad Ashley's leaving 
I'm having a nice salad now, in the garden. I'd love to share pics with you, but the laptop won't accept my SD card 
Im having a pity party......  , invite only. 
I'm having a problem with my photo here in twitter amf!!!...can't see my face! 
I'm having a puppy boom right now 
im having a really bad day   
I'm having a really bad hair day  looks like fucking candyfloss!
I'm having a really pathetic and inept day - I can even open a tin  fortunatly it is me and the cats who are going hungry as Jean fed
I'm having a Red Eye !!! 
I'm having a relapse of the love bug with draeke. 
I'm having a serious problem with general apathy. Not good 
I'm having a stale brain this morning and just hurt my eye with my hand.  
I'm having a sudden urge to read Jane Eyre, but don't have time 
I'm having a surprisingly good and happy working day although am sad K can't make the leaving dinner 
I'm having a very stressful day 
I'm having an allergic reaction to silver earings 
I'm having an R'tard moment could anyone explain hexidecimal to me please 
Im having asthma attack on my way to school but dont have my inhaler 
I'm having cell phone withdrawals  I need my phone...ahhhhh boooooo!
I'm having chills. . Omg! It is really awful 
i'm having cold sweat now  I don't know what's wrong. :X
Im having extreme trent withdrawls 
I'm having hot &amp; cold flashes again!  can't sleep.. Fuck this flu ughhhh
I'm having huge issues with uOttawa...it won't let me register and I've been on hold for over an hour. 
I'm having insanely shitty luck with technology this week. Now my monitor may be dead 
I'm having issues with my Sims 3, the game won't play!!! WTH??  Sad Meghan. Re-installing...hopefully it will work this time.
Im having issues with twitter today. 
I'm having major breathing issues 
Im having one lonely night 
I'm having one of those days 
i'm having problems losing wifi on my replacement iphone, i've tried everything &amp; am now restoring it, if no joy it'll have to go back 
i'm having problems with my internet connections... it's very slow.... 
im having problems with my phonE 
I'm having really crappy sleeping patterns again! Why, why why. T.T And I have a craving for Sausage Egg Mcmuffing but now it's 2PM. 
im having some issues w/ a friend, but the thing is, he doesn't even know it 
I'm having some pretty intense allergy 'attacks' - don't know what from! And I keep falling asleep at my desk - not good...  
I'm having some problems with my home life. 
I'm having some touble following those who followed me, I keep getting an error on page  I'll keep trying
I'm having such a good time at Pinch. I'm so sad I have to go home on Saturday 
I'm having technical difficulties... Probably no videos for a while... 
Im Having The Most Laziest Day Today! Cba With Nothing. Gonna Spend The Day Watching Films (Y) Got A Head Ache 
I'm having tomorrow a presentation about bureaucracy. Sound's boring... this is boring. But I have to waste my time with that 
I'm having trouble getting into the romance I just started reading! I hope it gets better,  since I don't want to give it a bad review! 
I'm having trouble uploading a picture  I can't get the right size, how does this work?-- having a sugary latter at atlas cafe
I'm having troubles replacing the brake pads on the car... Who invented insex? 
I'm having trust issues 
I'm having violent feelings towards a bird outside my window, it won't shut up! i only want to sleep!  x
Im having weight issues  im upset and scared. [AyshiakiAyana]
I'm having worries about this sat's flea! whyyy 
i'm headache 
I'm headed back to the office today, just in time for the entire crew minus myself to skip town for Sasquatch. 
I'm headed home.. Sea world closed early 
I'm heading back home! Flight was delayed so got in late! So tired 
I'm heading home from work... but don't fool yourself, the work is following me home 
Im heading home. gotta work sunday. 
I'm heaps bummed I didn't get to Justins last night  and I spilled Sunday on myself it was an awful night. Nick is still noting away...
Im hearing noises I'm hearing noises omg  Im not even kidding right now I'm really really scared for some reason. SAAAVE ME.
Im heartbroken right now. My George Foreman grill broke today.  Seriously that thing changed my life. RIP
i'm hella breaking out 
i'm here again,doing dad's work 
I'm here and my trainer still isn't. I'm worried about clocking in late on my first day.  I guess if I explain, owner won't be upset.
I'm here and things seem fine. I think I was duped 
Im here at work super bored 
im here but heart is on tour 
im here really looking forward to summer but need to find that special someone to make this summer a complete one 
I'm here, but about to leave for a couple hours...   @NancyinMaine: do we have any scrapbookers around right now?
im heree people 
I'm hill! 
im hitting my punching bag because no one wants to fight 
I'm home  and i love you too john. I'll call you soon
im home all is well doc thinks its mirgraines!! 
I'm home alone  I wish my hand wasn't jacked up so I could clean
i'm home alone. Thinking about singing karaoke a little.. But that's so boring when you're alonee... 
I'm home alone.. Kids at the dodgers game 
I'm home and my computer won't turn on. 
i'm home away from home! exhausted, and almost sick.. 
Im home but im wet 
I'm home for just a bit. I haven't had a chance to practice since Tuesday 
I'm home from mah date!!! Gawd I have to get up in a few hours  wishing now I had not picked up that shift
Im home from pittsburgh and I miss it already 
im home from school sick  im so tired
i'm home from the chiropractor. i have nothing to do 
I'm home from the club! Tired but needinghim to lay with me! 
im home ill from school                      whats every one else doing then its sunny and cloudy here in cornwall but the cloudshouldpass
I'm home in Hillsboro for 3 days! Then back to Eugene forever to work. 
im home late today  but ohwells ;) twiitter did you miss me?
im home n NY wit my otha half too happy bout that..still no phone  i b bac on by tuesday lol..i miss da besties..
I'm home now, but have no power! 
im home sick    threw up    
im home too bad my girls aren't up for hanging tonight 
I'm home watching some TV before bed. I really don't want to go to work tomorrow but since it's part of life I guess I have to. 
I'm home with a sick monkey again  poor kidlet has some weird cough. and pinkeye, just had to ambush her with eye ointment... joy!
I'm home! I miss Arizona, though. 
I'm home! So much rain... We are soaked 
I'm home! Still sooo jet lagged, because of stupid UA man messing up our connecting flight, so had to fly through London too 
im home, but my mom is cooking and it smells like chicken everywhere in the house! HELP ME 
i'm home, eating... then i will watch movie with my friends! yes, i have friends ;D haha, and tomorrow i have to work 
i'm home, it's rainy, wet n cold...my pc arrives tmr but i'm off on an away job 
I'm home. &amp; my back is killing me! Health&amp;Social = BORING i wanna be in the other class 
I'm home. Alarm Failed. Feel sickish too.  Played Badmition yesterday, now very sore..
i'm home. and i'm alone. missing my babe 
I'm home. I'm sick.   Today I don't go to school.
I'm home. Putting my feet up and chilling. Then it's bed, and back to work tomorrow 
im home.. miss my mum...  (bought roses for the mum of my child.... remember you have only one!.. big kiss for all your mothers)
I'm home.... Like the other weekend same as ussual... 
i'm home...and still drunk  and the follow friday madness has begun eh?
im homesick....need to smoke but cant cause im sick 
Im honestly scared. it's bothering me  we'll see what happens
I'm HOOOOOME! 75 degrees &amp; Humid LOVES IT now only if my bags would come out already! (Sigh) No SF here 
I'm hooooooot.  T_T  Japan, TURN DOWN THE HEAT PLZ. 
I'm hoping lesley can fix them 
I'm hoping that Bradley is using the FIFA Confederations Cup as a player evaluation for the World Cup and not a dress-rehearsal 
I'm hoping that the Medici is not like some of the reviews at apartmentratings.com... Might have to look elsewhere 
I'm hoping the kitten outside is okay. Heard meowing all throughout today while @ home. 
I'm hoping the rain stops before I finish work because I wore sandals today 
I'm hoping to be able to sleep tonight. I got that work thing tomorrow. 
I'm hoping to go to Myrtle Beach!! I haven't been since high school! 
I'm housebound...literally! No car, no people..just me and the house...oh, and the dog but she's sleeping! i might acually HAVE to study! 
I'm hung over ahhh hang overs suck magerly 
I'm hung over today   http://yfrog.com/0nw2jj
I'm hungee... I haven't had breakfast, so now I have to wait for a roast lunch 
im hun-ger-eee  ramen gets old after a few dozen packs consumed in a matter of months...;
im hungover again  but this wale mixtape is coo
I'm hungry   @blackSummer_20 me too! I'm looking forward to the day when my plane will land....so happy!! Love yahh &lt;33
i'm hungry  again
im hungry  but i gotta wait..
im hungry  don't know what to eat
im hungry  i want a kebab!
i'm hungry  i want chinese
IM HUNGRY  Looks like i wont be leaving the office allll day
I'm hungry  shouldn't skip my lunch everyday
im hungry  what can you eat when there is no food in the house 
i'm hungry , waiting to eat at city buffet 
I'm hungry :/ I think I'm going to have cereal again but I don't know if we have milk 
I'm hungry again. Ugh. I hate being hungry. Especially when there's nothing to eat. 
I'm hungry and hungover...not a good mix 
I'm hungry and I can't eat anything.  Kill me?
im hungry and i dont know what to eat 
I'm hungry and I don't know what to eat 
I'm HUNGRY and I want my morning mug of Cappuccino! 
I'm hungry and it's 5:30 AM....dunno if I should eat or not. 
I'm hungry and nothing to eat. 
I'm hungry and that makes me sad  http://yfrog.com/ai8irj
I'm hungry and we can't figure out what to eat 
I'm hungry and we haven't even fired up the BBQ yet. 
I'm hungry but I have no money 
I'm hungry I demand to be fed! I'm sick but no one will take care of me 
i'm hungry i wish someone should cook! i really dont want to! 
I'm hungry too! 
I'm hungry too. 
I'm hungry! But I'm not out, and don't wanna eat @ home  Starvation. http://myloc.me/5yDD
I'm hungry! They don't feed me 
I'M HUNGRY!! and cold  bring me food, ill pay!
im hungry, &amp; i dunno what to make..i want popcorn chicken w. mac &amp; cheese 
I'm hungry, but all of the places I've driven by and wanted to eat at had lines out of the doors 
im hungry, but i dunno what i should eat 
I'm hungry, but of course there's nothing to eat  I'm gonna watch SNL, then bed. Goodnight!
im hungry, im thirsty, i feel sick... 
im hungry, man I could be at Kevs bday dinner eating olive garden 
Im hungry, there's no food left at home 
i'm hungry, we have no food whatsoever in the houseeee 
I'm hungry.  Feed me?
i'm hungry. and lonely. 
I'm hungry. I want a cake. HAH. I haven't had dinner yet. 
i'm hungry. want something yummy for dinner. so sad, no one to dine with 
i'm hungry.. we have an empty ref.. 
im hungry... fancy a wee peice n egg, but ive no bread... 
i'm hungry... what to eat.  hate to dirty up my kitchen after i just cleaned.    maybe just pick up some junk.
I'm hungry....wish my wonderful husband @TheMagicSpatula would leave work and bring me some food 
im hungry...and there is no food in my house. and no one is around to keep me company 
I'm hungry..and this lasy won't take me to Telly's 
im hungry.due to last night's dinner..or lack there of.. someone take care of me 
I'm hungry.I bought wheatfree spaghetti hoops last week and they've disappeared and I now have nothing to eat.Bet my dad ate them 
i'm hungry; but i've had a hot dog today so technically i shouldn't eat again 
I'M HUNGRYY!  even tho I just had 2 eggs with tomatoes! I know random... x)
I'm hungryyyy and there is no food in the apartment!! .. Does anyone want to make me dinner?? Or give me anything?!?!!!! PLEASE!!! 
Im hungy man, everyone is going to be at the taste of Charlotte today and I have to be here at wk it sux for me 
Im hurt 
im hurt  i cant bend my arm either
im hurting all over, and i dont think the pain will ever go away. 
I'm huuungry, and I'm alone at home, there's no foood. What am I supposed to do? 
I'm hyper and meagans tired. 
i'm icing the knee i fell on.  it hurts like hell.  didn't the entire night, until now.  ugh.  FUCK.  owwwww.  
I'm ill  but hannah montana the movie was great 
im ill at home bored as hell  lol x
im ill hate it. seeing the doc at 5 too 10. 
Im ill today! Not good i have McFlu  x
I'm ill. Coughing, and my chest hurts  Husband is a doc. and suggested he feel my chest. Alot. To figure out problem. Nice try Mr. PhD.
I'm in a bad mood. Bored and pissed off 
I'm in a lot of pain  damn it
I'm in a mean mood tonight - sorry Jason and Joel  I think it's cause I won that argument against the cons. YES JADE, I ACTUALLY WON.
I'm in a RAGE !! Why when I'm working a 10 hour day do people insist on pointing out its a scorcher ! I KNOW ... SHUT YOUR FACE 
i'm in a really grumperbear mood for absolutely no reason whatsoever right now. 
im in a really shitty mood 
I'm in a very lovey dovey mood today. SYDNEY, WHERE ARE YOU?! 
I'm in a world a hurt right now. Headache, sore throat , and occasional fever. 
im in bed... need to get up for work soon  x
I'm in Billyburg, waiting for Matt. Whatever happened to punctuality? 
I'm in charlotte now awaiting boarding. I'm sleepy 
I'm in class right now  1 more week of school.
im in class, i want to go home and sleep some more, slept all weekend. 
I'm in clear lake 
I'm in DC and belive or not i'm not exsited to go back 
im in desperate need of a movie marathon day in order for me to catch up on what ive been missing 
I'm in desperate need of a nap..or a huge coffee...but alas i'm trapped at my desk on eternal hold...stupid insurance companies. 
im in desperate need of match sticks for my eye lids 
I'm in desprate need of a massage. To bad the bf is out of commission 
im in doghouse, mommi found shoe I 'Rockerised' n she dont like it... she say shoes cost 200 dollars..they look betta now..she dont agree 
Im in english! BORED and stephs just named a disease after me 
i'm in for a rough day 
I'm in Glasgow. It's cold 
I'm in history, so bad 
I'm in ICS Lab 2 at UST..so boring 
i'm in immense amounts of pain 
Im in kindergarden when it comes to boys, at least this one boy ! Â¬Â¬  can't believe myself D:   
I'm in LEGO HEAVEN  gosh I wish I wasn't growing up 
i'm in lots of pain, what could it be. 
i'm in love &lt;3 but it's too expensive for me  http://bit.ly/Lk95p
I'm in love with an Army boy and he's off to basic right now, I miss him 
I'm in love with final fantasy 9 again 
I'm in love with Philadelphia.. I don't wanna go home on Thursday.. 
i'm in loving....but he does not know 
I'm in math.  it's definately not fun. 
im in more trouble today than i was yesterday...   seems to be a guaranteed KT tomorrow 
I'm in my bed and i cant sleep  i'm full of the cold with a banging head ache and i am so tired. Thx 2 sleeping in the hills for 2days
I'm in my free, since an hour, gtg in 5' but I'm dead bored. Biology next.. FUN. MILEY PLEASE DIRECT MESSAGE ME, I CAN'T MESSAGE YOU!  x
Im in my sisters room now i want to go out the back with my grandperents but flys keep on attacking me! 
I'm in my yellow!! try to have some sleep.. 
I'm in need of a hug 
im in need of a new outfit for dis friday nite....but i just realized ITS THE FIRST OF THE MONTH....smh...no new diggs dis wk 
im in need of a pick up...the soggy outside is makin me soggy inside 
I'm in need of some bojangles so bad right now but I'm still 2.5 hours away from the first exit that has one 
I'm in pain  400lb leg press broke my back muscles 
I'm in pain  I blame it on my iTouch
Im in pain  taking tylenol. If that doesn't help I'm calling my doctor
Im in pain been stood on my feet for 15hrs  nursing is very hard but I love it and how gorgeous is this evening xXx
i'm in pain, it hurts  shoot me.
im in pain. 
i'm in pain. 
im in pain...i wont even get to hear ryan tomorrow 
I'm in panic .. my stupid brain... mmmm 
I'm in panic, i hate when i get stuck with videogames. I want my life back 
I'm in quite a mood, and for no reason that I can think of. 
I'm in rainy/steamy/fun SouthCarolina, but my husband and cats are suffering in Hellabama, ....   I miss the hairy bastards.
im in science hoping that i die 
I'm in Seattle waiting for a red eye flight to Atlanta. It's too bad I can't sleep on planes 
i'm in shock. 
I'm in so much pain  I wish my mom were here 
I'm in so much pain with my back 
im in some serious tears rite now....COSTA RICA scored another f!@@## GOAL!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!....Trini 1 Costa 2 .... 
I'm in soo much pain, i love taking hard falls 
im in sooooo much pain!!! someone please get me out of here!!! and then i have to drive home. this will be an eventful drive 
I'm in such a happy mood. I think going to work will make it go away  Atleast it's payday!
I'm in terrible need of a back massage right now 
I'm in the 60192 area for one night, and one night only.  I have to go back tomorrow for school stuff...  mehh!
Im in the car, going to grandma and grandpa xd though its like 1,5 hour before we are there 
I'm in the doghouse big timeeeeeeeeeeee! 
I'm in the hospital w/ my sick sister.    what a weekend.  Ugh!!
I'm in the market for a $15 &quot;Coach&quot; watch.  Maybe $10- husband was laid off today. 
Im in the mood for some chocolate. I want..... Miniature Reeses cups. Now 
I'm in the mood to go quad biking. I miss my brothers! 
I'm in the mood to make tiny little marzipan giraffes for my cupcakes, but it's getting late   I'm such an old fart
im in the PCU lab all by myself 
I'm in the sappiest mood 
i'm in the school now 
im in the school working....... 
I'm in the Singapore airport. Going home today  I like Singapore, i get to go shopping! ;D
I'm in the UST library with Carla... Cool. HAHA! I miss the south 
I'm in the worst possible pain ever. I hate my teeth &amp; i wish i could knock all of em out 
im in the wrong cloud. can i rewind time a week please? 
I'm in to much pain for this walking banter     x.
I'm in Toronto......again 
im in trouble 
I'm in trouble. Again. 
I'm in vegas! Yay! The traffic is horrible. 
Im in work wishn home time would b soon 
Im inlove with Him Too     I Just want to meet him ive got  A Magazineand there in it  I will show you tomorrow ..xx
im insulted :/ thats no game 
i'm invisble for yo you are a superstar and me are simple person and you love other peroson 
i'm jealous of @mileycyrus. i wanna be with nick j right now 
im jealous of @realzoltan. he got to see tha Selena SWAC episode a week early 
I'm jealous of all the k-8 students who don't have to go to school tomorrow! 
I'm jealous of all the people going to Bamboozle today  The Maine, All Time Low, Forever the Sickest Kids, We the Kings. I wanna see them!
im jealous of americans... you get summer. we get winter. 
im jealous of anyone in dallas,right now 
I'm jealous of you people and your food-smelling. 
im jealous that im not a runner 
I'm jealous that Lindsay gets all the cool thunderstorms. She doesn't even like them 
I'm jealous to whoever watched the David Cook and David Archuleta concert last night! 
I'm jealous. Everyone is posting about all the cool stuff that is happening at E3. I want to go too.  I will add it for next year. /sigh.
I'm JK about implants guys.. But my tummy hurts 
I'm jumpy, should be sleepy  And I have a lot to say but everyone has gone to bed.
Im jus about to go in to see kids get awards... Not my ideal evening!  argh, im alredy bored!! help!
im just a little bit bored down here in warrnambool  only so many animal docos you can handle
i'm just a little crazy student with a little bad habit .. 
I'm just a little unsure about you, you said I don't trust you but you made it that way...I do and I don't 
I'm just about over touring this side of GA...I'm missing my bed...may have to pass up my pool plans for tomorrow    ....home? or pool?
I'm just about ready for falling asleep. 
I'm just about to have a siesta.. at 8:42 pm xD haha but i have to wake up then again 
I'm just about to have dinner. Kinda hungry now from the stomach flu I have...  Just gonna have some bananas and broiled fish.
I'm just afraid to loose you  srry I Miis you
im just at my homework oh thajoys of physics 
Im just dying here waiting 4 New Moon to comme out ! 
Im just getting back from the ER.  i fell and broke my arm.  This sucks 
I'm just going to type to myself for while. 
I'm just gonna lie in bed all day and be miserable cos the audizzle are in newcastle and I'm not haha 
I'm just like Superman ... in that on my homeworld I am a mere mortal  -w
im just missing my ness? i want to to call you gilr   don't be saad  iloveeuwitthallmyheartsoffivanessarollahudgensdefronjonas
I'm just noticing NOW that a handfull of my favorite youtubers are gone 
I'm just now realizing.. I make a great friend and a bad boyfriend.. ouch.. 
im just now realizing..This Week is Gonna Be The Moment of Truth. I hate decisions like this. I need advice from a professional fa real 
I'm just praying its sunny tomorrow, i NEED to swim.............   
im just really sad and I don't know why. so not myself 
I'm just sad right now 
I'm just scared of you hurting me.  goodnight &lt;3
i'm just sitting here watching the soup... lonely. 
I'm just so bored 
Im just soooo....blah today.   Could it be because I have been up since 3:00 am.
im just the victim 
i'm just thinkin why its so dark at 1:17pm? maybe its because it has been raining for the longest while!!! 
I'm just tryin' to holla at wilson and @bengrant, but its not workinggggg! 
I'm just up. But 18 hours have passed and I still don't see any sign of my Twitter picture! 
Im just upset. Feeling very unloved from the ppl i love most.. Like Brother.. 
Im just watching mythbusters make diamonds then i have to study for exams 
i'm just wishing someone famous would tweet me 
I'm just woke up 
I'm just worried 23085705 people will update the news twitter with THE SAME THING and my phone will die 
i'm killin it on the drums today, i wish i didnt have to work  sad face for jesse right now
im kind of annoyed i forgot to get my &quot;vanity&quot; name on facebook - I have never met another person w/ my name and it's already been taken 
I'm kind of depressed that the #meerkats haven't event made an impact. I do love a good meerkat 
I'm kind of discouraged by the amount of spam on Twitter. 
I'm kind of hurt that somebody tried to report me as Twitter spam 
I'm kind of not happy at the moment.  But Ferras album &quot;Aliens and Rainbows&quot; is awesome !
I'm kind of sad about the Zicam thing...   It got rid of a couple colds really fast for me. I can definitely still smell though!!
I'm kind of tired but by no place I can nap 
I'm kinda afrad to go see Wolverine, considering I heard it was sorry!  and it doesn't look interesting w/o the rest of the X-Men crew. 
I'm kinda bumbed that boyfran won't be coming home till tomorrow afternoon. 
I'm kinda bummed out that my cat back home at my mom's house might have cancer of the foot. 
I'm kinda bummed that I havent seen my best friend in like 3 days 
i'm kinda depressed this evening  no real reason â™« http://blip.fm/~88xs1
im kinda hating someone right now!  ugh.... what a disappointment! 
i'm kinda hungry...i'm not supposed to eat this late...dilemma  
I'm kinda in a sad mood, for blue skies is not helping much... such a sad song. 
im kinda mad I decided not 2 go 2 summer jam 
im kinda mad that jonas brothers werent there wen they were supposed too...  . . . but i still had fun, and i can always go to their casa
I'm kinda nervous about tomorrow.  It could potentially be a disaster.
im kinda pissed that i fell asleep at the movies! Hangover or what it was called seemed really funny! Now, who wants to take me again? 
im kinda prone to dropping a tear during sentimental movies. im a man i can admit it. shouldnt have watched the bucket list 
i'm kinda sad and tired... don't know why 
i'm kinda sad of being alone all the time i miss my brother  and my friends suck i mean no one has even called me in 2 weeks
im kinda sad that she wont buy me any polos today 
I'm kinda stressed out about the whole Japan trip. I spanked my cousin, Paolo, because I was so irritated, but not with him. I feel bad. 
I'm kinda tired, and it really sucks that I didn't get to say bye to any of my friends.. 
i'm kinda upset cuz i can't go to the books of wonder signing with the fantabulous ladies: @cassieclare @maureenjohnson and @libbabray 
I'm kinda upset that I didn't get to go to Gabby's funeral. I was away and my mum couldn't wait for me.    RIP Gabby...
Im kindof hungry. Alex wont be home until Sunday. 
im ky raina sick  i miss him so much! Cant wait to see him again!
I'm late for class 
Im late for school!ah! I wish i could go out on the lake with Taryn. 
I'm late on the #squarespace train 
Im late once again  @goddess420 on da othr hand, I soo got da munchies!! @BLACKBARBIIE
I'm late...there were too many birds in the yard  why in the world am I so afraid of birds UGH so embarassing
I'm lateeee 
I'm laying in @bencrussell's bed... and he is not here  sad. Get off work!
I'm laying in bed cuddling my giant stuffed frog but i cant sleep because im paranoid, afraid of the dark, really sick, &amp; i miss Donny. 
I'm laying in bed drinking a corona...what a sad night 
I'm laying in bed.. Just thinking about stuff. Wishing i could text stetson. But his texting shut off 
Im laying in bed... Wishing he was here holding me right now... 
I'm layni in my hotel soooo sick  been extremely Ill all day fever and nausea  I heard tegan has same thing 
I'm lazily starting my week! 
im learnin math ... 
i'm learning english   almost holiday
I'm learning math...I will writing test to math...Nooo... 
I'm leaving bethpage....I am so sad! 
I'm leaving in a while... 
i'm leaving my fingerprints on you.. in rehab i can't drink  i'm getting better next friday i'm going to drink  but now i'm chillin out
I'm leaving on a jet plane. Don't know when I'll be back again. 
I'm leaving on Friday , what to pack??? 
Im leaving out of here Cricket doesnt participate w/ Twitter. Which is BullSh*t too. So I cant tweet till 2morrow. 
im leaving sunday nite! 
I'm leaving the house. I should have been at school at seven thirty. These math tests are shit.  
I'm leaving tomorrow for a plane to my parents' home country. Just not mine because I was born here. So I am partly. I won't see twitter! 
Im leaving Waco today. 
Im left here with the ugly Toad.  So not fair
i'm less excited about touch screen already  watching @alexandermcnabb trying to figure out how to put the sim in!
I'm letting the pandora run while I pack stuff to send home tomorrow 
i'm like a zombie now, 3 straight weeks of early-morning shifts, grrr one more day  (can't sleep early at night)
I'm like littarly shivvering of the coldness  &amp;&amp; I'm kind of hungreyy!
im like really hungry. 
I'm like so bored right now! Nothins on at 12 am! Ugh! 
I'm like so hungry... 
I'm like, shaking :S just got out of bed, i can hardly stand up :S feel like i'm about to faint  not good, exams tomorrow and tuesday....
im lil bit missing my monkeys! where are you guys? cos i need you two and your jokes for lol 
I'm lining up to do math exammm  oh god I'm nervous!
Im listening muse, and chatting with my BFF Backaus! (L) Im sick! and that sucks! 
I'm listening to Beyonce - &quot;Broken Hearted Girl&quot; 
I'm listening to Global Communication - 9 25, alas, LiveTweeter is broken on the latest version of Songbird 
I'm listening to it right now. 
I'm listening to jp dellacamera's play by play for the soccer game...I miss Darren Elliot and him   Can't wait for THRASHERS hockey!!
I'm listening to my boy vent about his house getting broken into. And to think he moved from the hood to prevent this from happening 
I'm listening to Rascal Flatts (LOVE them!) and eating at apple. my friend's on her way home. i'm going to miss dogsitting her dog 
i'm listening to the soundtrack for 'watchmen.' when's it coming out on dvd?? 
Im literally falling asleep at the computer   Need bed...need rest...need Sleep...Goodnite Everyone!  #goodnight
I'm living in a boring moment 
I'm locked in unfortunately!  lol
im locked out my house!   im so special, im so special, so special, so special...lol
I'm lodged between the blackberry bold and the #iphone 3gS  ofcourse.
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Amarillo - Texas
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Austin - Texas
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Bismarck - North Dakota
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, california
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Chicago - Illinois
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Detroit - Michigan
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Ithaca - New York
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Sioux Falls - South Dakota
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Virginia Beach - Virginia
i'm lonely &amp; sad  thanks to @punkawonk and several other hoes. watching GREEK.
im lonely 2day! i miss ellen!!!! 
im lonely 2nite 
I'm lonely and board.  But then again, things could be a lot worse.  Overall, I'm still a very happy person.  Just not right now...   
Im lonely and want company  i hate being alone sometimes.
im lonely i wanna see my baby 
Im lonely werkin 
I'm lonely.  Being single is NOT easy. I'd almost forgotten what it felt like...
I'm looking a film: HANNAH MONTANA THE MOVIE. I DID LOOK IT IN THE CINEMA BUT NOW I'M LOOKING ONLINE sorry miley  but i have to see you
i'm looking at old pictures &amp; now i'm sad i cut my hair 
I'm looking at the pile of clothes/stuff on my dining room table and wondering how the hec its going to all fit in my rucksack 
I'm looking for a new soldering iron...  Weller doesn't seem to be very big in Australia 
I'm looking for cancer treatments and for lymphoedema treatments. 
I'm looking for my soul mate but he must be funny, romantic, sensual, caring, and with good feelings. I'll find him only in novels. 
I'm looking for some new art...  no luck so far.
I'm looking for the live streaming but I can't remember where to find it  #xboxe3
I'm looking forward to going home tomorrow, but I really wish it was for a different reason. 
I'm looking forward to going to my cousins, sams the sh!t...haha ilove her. I miss astoria this place isn't the same with out her 
I'm looovin my new place but I'm too happy right now! I want my mommy  lol
I'm losing followers, and it makes me sad 
I'm losing my voice after a crying night 
i'm losing my voice. 
I'm lost at church  I don't know where my husband is. I'll stay in one spot like my momma taught me and eventually he'll find me.
im lost in perth 
im lost on this site??? 
i'm lost this morning without teri as she is on a &quot;field trip&quot; 
I'm lost, what should I do with this ... 
I'm lovin' twitterific. Rather than twitterfon. Haha! I'm bored. Save me. 
I'm loving how my account is in the 4 digits right now but definetely won't be there for long 
i'm loving Little Rock &amp; everything about it: roomies, apartment, beer.  I miss my boy 
I'm loving my new laptop's screen &amp; keyboard feels great but I'm struggling to connect to my mobs &amp; &quot;Home&quot; &amp; &quot;End&quot; are in the wrong place 
I'm loving the E3! I wish I was in LA right now 
I'm loving the weather!! but not the fact that I have to work through it 
I'm loving the whole 'green overlay layer' thing but let's be honest for 1 sec, it looks like somebody vomited(?) all over Twitter 
im loving this sunshine. shame i have lots of things to do this afternoon and i cant go outside and enjoy it by relaxing on the grass 
I'm loving this weather! Bright sunshine and bout 23C in Glasgow!  Shame I gotta study tho 
Im lying in bed,willing myself 2 get better..being sick MAJORLY sucks! 
im mad as hell I LOST MY DEBIT CARD again, or maybe my brother stole it 
Im MAD at my self.... I droped my iPHONE and the screen is completely shattered!!!!!! 
I'm mad I can't go see Trey tomorrow!  tears...
I'm mad I missed college hill  I didn't get home from skool til 10:45pm..I had to unwind &amp; by dha time I did t.. http://tinyurl.com/lsllzt
I'm mad I missed college hill  I didn't get home from skool til 10:45pm..I had to unwind &amp; by dha time I did t.. http://tinyurl.com/nh4py4
im mad i missed the 1st episode of the new season of true blood. 
i'm mad idk why i'm not mad at anyone but myself &amp; i'm sad idk why either  hate it 
I'm mad I'm not there 
im mad sober.  im suppose to be high wif da birfday boy.
i'm mad the next jonas live chat is the same day and time as my soccer try-outs  also, i have no idea if there's an episode of JONAS today
im mad! someone gave me a stuffy nose &amp; its 2 days till formal!! 
Im Mad... I Cant go on the Computer for 5 Freakin Minutes, just to watch a youtube vid....Lame. 
IM mad... I think they have the wrong guy in the miami dade cat killings 
I'm madly in love with a boy... Did I mention I don't know his name? Hahah boooo 
I'm making  a cup of tea. It's steeping now. The dog is out on the porch.  The door is also open. I hope That not bugs come inside. 
I'm making a blog and it seems like an article. I dunno why. 
I'm making a Get Well Soon card for a little boy with the Swine Flu. It's so sad, he's only 8 years old I think 
im making mixed fruits pudding and i failed miserably...  im never destined to make puddings. 
I'm making myself get off the computer and go to bed.  I have to get up in like 5 hours! 
I'm making some homework 
im making sweet love to my pepto bismol right now in between barf sessions 
im mean 
I'm melting  and I can't open the damned window !!! 
im melting and cant sleep because of the heat   woooo shopping in newcastle tomorrow with mi hermana con mi padres dinero ;)
I'm melting! Been out of the house for all of ten minutes and the humidity is already messing with me 
im miserable today, gosh i hate my lifeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee =( i do not deserve this... 
I'm Miss My Grandad Fathers Day Is Never Complete WIthout Him  My Dad So Upset xx ILY daddi and dada
im miss to be a student... wanna meet my friends 
Im missed Mac's Live show  
I'm missin' someone! 
i'm missin' sour sallyy!! 
I'm missing $20 of my grad money.  Shoot....
i'm missing @MarshMash 
I'm missing @The_Raff87 just a little bit already! No one to ring and have a laugh with!!!  xXx
I'm missing a couple of paint brushes. 
im missing a dress...i hope i didn't put it in the give away pile 
Im missing all the fuckery on twitter 
I'm missing Chicago being back in suburbia. 
i'm missing color of violence tonight 
I'm missing crab legs and attending my going away instead! 
I'm missing football already! When does the season start again?! 
i'm missing free comic book day tomorrow 
i'm missing Grey Gardens because I don't have HBO 
I'm missing half my apps. I can't remember what I had. Bummer. 
i'm missing him again. 
im missing it my dear  the view is amazing to me @Bianca4Life
I'm missing Jason so much, I'm on giant bomb just to make me feel better  It's not working suprisingly
I'm missing Kevin Smith and mewes in brantford right now!!  fml
I'm missing Lindsay everyday.. 
i'm missing my aien so much 
I'm missing my aunt and cousin 
I'm missing my babes. Where did they go? 
I'm missing my babies... 
I'm missing my band buddy.   Katie come baaaaack!
im missing my best friends  when life gives us lemons, what do we do?
I'm Missing my cousin, Hannah rite now.  o and my uncle lol
i'm missing my cuzin viva like crazee! 
I'm missing my friends so much right now it hurts 
Im missing my girlfriend terribly 
im missing my girls soo much 
I'm missing my MacBook !!! 1 week without him !  I wanna party in the kitchen with my LP's team !!! Drinking, dancing &amp; being crazy !!!
I'm missing my monster already. 
im missing my mum so muchh i just wishh shee could get better and comee back homee  x
im missing my Vegas family in a big way 
I'm missing my weekly fix of Stirling Cooper 
Im missing out on @djscratch in Oslo...Damn Stockholm! The hiphop-scene is so much better in Oslo (and Norway)! 
I'm missing out on canoeing tomorrow 
i'm missing out on cradle of filth right now 
I'm missing people, feeling lonely, my bff has disappeared! she hasn't phoned me yet! 
i'm missing someone  @wreon rawr. i wana go on a cruise too!!
I'm missing the #tonyawards and I forgot to dvr. 
I'm missing the hell outta shakeandbake22.. Won't be back home til tuesday 
I'm missing the MTV Movie Awards 
I'm missing the sun  is it ever coming back out!!!
I'm missing the war 
i'm missing the zoo 
im missing you .. 
I'm missing you! 
Im missing YOU... 
i'm missing your voice 
-i'm mourning over the fact that I can't go on my kentucky ambassadors of music tour next year. 
I'm mourning the loss of my hamster, Rolly.    RIP I &lt;3 you
I'm moving out of Athens today...  
i'm mrs brightside.. alalala.. so cold 
I'm must be getting old.... My barber just trimmed both of my eyebrows 
I'm my lunch. Damn team leads sent me early cuz they hate me i guess 
im my way to work.....wish i could  stay in the bed 
I'm nearly dying in this boredom! pleaseeee, take me out, people! 
i'm need breathe 
I'm neglecting Myspace and having an affair with Twitter 
I'm nervous. There are big changes happening at our house and I don't feel comfortable with them.  Why is it so hard to make a living?
I'm nervous... I hope I get in... this could be a costly mistake... more like procrastination and assumption... 
Im never a happy panda to get up early for work 
Im never drinkin again lol. So hungover 
Im never getting out of work 
I'm never going to figure out why my blackberry periodically deletes every message and call log. It just hates me. 
Im never going to get it done in time. Probably going to be an all nighter  Oh and #peterfacinelli
I'm never going to get to shower. Stupid storms. 
I'm never going to see him 
I'm never gonna be able to sleep in my bed again 
im never gunna get a reply from u 
i'm never on long enough to get followers 
I'm never sleepy anymore until I actually go to sleep and then I don't want to wake up...someone SAVE me!! I need to go home 
I'm new here! why can't I find friends thru msn? 
im new to this so bear with me....im so bored 
IM NEW!!! 
I'm new....what a mess! 
I'm no Bangel fan but the end of Becoming is so sad! 
I'm no longer able to draw parallel lines and right angle 
I'm no longer an employee of Trader Joe's  Now it's off to Tawonga 
I'm no longer in my Castle  I'm back in Hartlepool for summer.
I'm nonw wishing that last night wasn't vodka and coke night 
I'M NOT A CELEBRITY! LET ME STAY!  haha &lt;3
I'm not a fan of 930 sb games...... I'm tired   Maybe a dew today?
i'm not a fan of my mother's horrid driving. thaaaanks, it took us like 10 to 1:30 to get there, and eric took 2 hours. PS CAVS LOSE 
im not a good person. its like I don't think before i do/say things.  i am an idiot.
I'm not a happy bunny! 
I'm not a happy bunny. My fishy died 
im not a happy camper.... 
I'm not a middle schooler anymore and I am SO sad  and, well, I have a lot to think about... goodnight
I'm not a morning person i dont want to go to work. I want to go back to bed. 
I'm not a morning person. I always avoid hypnosis before noon.  Now someone wants a session before he catches his plane to leave the UK. 
im not a spammer i swear 
I'm not a very good twitterer anymore. Also, my tummy hurts a lot right now  And I never saw the very end of Meet the Robinsons.
I'M NOT ALLOWED :C :'( aw man that's pissed me off, mainly cause there is absolutly nothing wrong with me 
I'm not allowed outside today. I got too burnt yesterday 
im not allowed to carry my cell in my pocket while am at work! sad sad day 
I'm not allowed to go tonight   Have a glass for me June
I'm not an optimistic person. I'm doing what I can.  
I'm not ashamed to say I'm close to tears 
I'm not at all looking forward 2 today 
Im not brown enough to hop fences in a single bound 
I'm not coming to London tonight. Give it another week. Â£20 + 5 hours on trains is just not worth it. Sorry @JimTangClan @TwigStopandchat 
I'm not complaining but why do I always play the dead bar 
I'm not cut out for the design world. I don't have the patience...kill me right now...I'll never make it to the weekend.  /sigh
Im not diggin these relentless hiccups too much 
im not doing anything with my day  argh this is pretty boring now help me
im not doing anything.  anyone got any suggestions?
im not doing anything. nobody on msn, nobody for me to talk to  im suh suh bored!
Im not doing much... mostly bored 
i'm not downtown tonight for only the 3rd time in the last 11 nights. i must be graduating.    
I'm not enjoying my Crunchy Nut Clusters. 
I'm not enjoying this Mother's day 
I'm not enjoying this. At all. 
I'm not even at 1000 tweets yet. 
I'm not even supposed to be here today! 
I'm not exactly big on lines 
I'm not excited for the yearly Holy Week trip to the beach. 
I'm not fat, I'm normal.... Wish I were skinny again 
I'm not feeling good at all!!! I'm thinking back to my amazing week-end...it makes me sad!!! 
i'm not feeling good right now 
i'm not feeling great again.  finally watching the mtv movie awards even though i should be sleeping. story of my life!
im not feeling like getting myself in motion to go to work... 
I'm not feeling so good today, I'm sick   ...  (not with the piggy flu, just to let you know hahaha)
I'm not feeling soo good 
im not feeling that good today 
Im not feeling the love!! 
I'm NOT feeling this whole work thing today. Also have homework I need to finish. 
I'm not feeling to great.... i'm sick 
i'm not feeling to well  boooooo.
I'm not feeling too good this morning...ugh 
I'm not feeling too good, how the hell can you get a cold in this warm weather 
i'm not feeling twitter at the moment 
I'm not feeling very well 
Im not feeling well 
I'm not feeling well 
I'm not feeling well  http://myloc.me/4KJ2
im not feeling well at all ! 
Im not feeling well today  staying home from school! BUUUT i get to watch CAMP ROCK! &lt;333 loooveeee iiiit &lt;33333333
I'm not feeling well today still... about to go get in the bed 
I'm not feeling well! My head is still aching and I'm lack of energy! 
I'm not feeling well, I'm going to bed. 
I'm not feeling well.  I think im catch a cold.  (well im near to it) hope not... :S
Im not following head or tail of how this thing works !! 
im not following JessieMunns anymore...? 
Im not friends with anyone anymore 
I'm not getting any dates 
I'm not getting updates sent to my phone for some reason  if i don't reply.. I'm sorry!
I'm not going anywhere today? 
i'm not going back home to nashville today  ughhh , music city i miss you .
Im not going now tonight uu guys! Have no money 
I'm not going to be home 
im not going to eat pizza 
I'm not going to fucking make it here. I need to be at home in the damn bed. 
Im not going to guitar center now  damn it. I guess Imma go back to sleep
I'm not going to listen to music today, its waaay to distracting from revision, gahhh, so much to do 
I'm not going to make you a priority if I am only an option. Sorry T.   Going to the grandparents for a while.
im not going to move back, then. 
I'm not going to practice today, I feel like poop still. Is this headache ever going to go away? 
I'm not going to school today!!! Because of my stupid tooth! It still hurts a little... 
I'm not going to school tomorrow; sick 
I'm not going to see mom it was cancel  Anyways I'm watching a really great movie, haha...
I'm not going to skip another weekend if I can help it 
I'm not going to smoke anymore either... unless you DM me! and live here and have some for FREE I'm broke 
im not going to taylor swift cause its a monday 
I'm not going to the dance 
I'm not going to the hospital buds...  FML... @jbaby22598
im not going to treck to joondalup for the radio tonight. i understand how disappointed all of you are. sorry 
I'm not gone be able to sleep tonight  wish everyone starry dreams though!
Im not gonna be able to make it to Stockon before getting gas.  Ill stop in Dunnigan instead.
I'm not gonna be going live tonight. Toomych work to get done. Sorry guys and gals. Well not sorry for the guys but i'm sorry ladies 
I'm not gonna buy the new cd  buuuu
Im not gonna get to see the dodgers play tonight  cant risk the vocals with this crazy weather. it rained today and its too breezy.
I'm not gonna lie kinda disappointed right now... 
I'm not good at this. I can't stand being alone &amp; she's no where near to make that better. 
i'm not good enough 
Im not happy 
I'm not happy here.. 
I'm not happy that 200+ of my pictures from the wedding last night errored and won't upload 
I'm not happy.... I have no friends this summer.... I talk to myself too much... just because I'm alone 
I'm not happy.... why? 
Im not having a good day. 
i'm not having a good day.. just wanna cry. 
I'm not having a good nite. :/ I just wanna live free and kick it w/ my friends. I feel trapped here..  I'm blown FMJ(fuck my job)
I'm not here this weekend...  See you monday twitters 
im not here to make any fight 
I'm not high anymore and some stinky guy with a mail order bride is pissing me the fuck off.. 
im not in his top 
i'm not in the mood of twittering 
im not into the whole twitter thing... stupid amanda made me do this 
i'm not iphone launch because, i'm from South Korea 
I'm not likeing these comercials they make me wanna buy stuff and I got no monnie 
I'm not liking the fact that I have to endure earthquakes alone now  The sound of my wines clanking made it worse
I'm not liking this un-sunny weather for the weekend.  
Im not lookin forward ta later taday cuz i have ta go ta the dr and find out wats wrong with ma throt cuz its sore and red 
i'm not looking forward to another family gathering 
Im not looking forward to mothers day this year : Im not looking forward to mothers day this year  http://tinyurl.com/cp8es6
I'm not looking forward to raking after work.    #peterfacinelli
I'm not looking forward to the email and voice mail overload tomorrow  bye bye vacation...
I'm not looking forward to the English exam tomorrow 
Im not lying. She is just being hard headed and it makes me sad 
I'm not meeting the BO requirement at Doobies tonight 
I'm not ok with the SVU season finale... they killed the hottie 
i'm not pleased about who won the apprentice  don't like yasmina!
I'm not posting pics because for some reason my phone won't connect to the internet. Sorry! 
I'm not quite sure what's going on right now, but it really, really sucks. 
I'm not ready for monday 
I'm not ready for school yet. College life is this scary  can't actually believe I made it to third year. . .
Im not ready for school yet.. 
im not ready for the weekend to be over 
im not ready for this exam... and im sooo tired  looks like i'll be waking up early to study. &lt;3
i'm not ready for thunder storms today 
I'm not ready for tomorrow...to loose a friend, the world's so unfair....  
Im not ready to go home 
IM NOT READY YET TO FACE PROBLEMS!! 
I'm not really a big fan of the new iphone update.. the only cool part is being able to watch movies now. Plus MMS won't work 
I'm not really feeling work today 
Im not really getting this twitter thing..  Whats the big deal?
i'm not really good guys .. i'm nervous .. feeling something strong inside of my heart .. i know why .. THIS is the problem  
I'm not really sure that I like being in Singapore. 
I'm not really used to go to school everyday...  I need some rest!!! ì?´ë²ˆ ì£¼ê°€ ë§ˆì§€ë§‰ì?¸ë?° ì?´ëŸ¬ë©´ ì•ˆë?˜ì§€ ì•¨ë¦¬ìŠ¤ì•¼........-_-;
I'm not satisfied with The Hills finale.  gonna miss you, LC. &lt;3
i'm not sleeping till dawn turns into morning.i expect more this morning  -you.
I'm not sleepy anymore after taking a nap at taco cabana while my habibatees take pictures of me 
I'm not so great at this Star Defense Game for IPhone/IPod Touch 
i'm not so sure about AAU anymore... 
im not so sure about this. i dont ever want to leave 
I'm not special! 
im not stupid  im veryyyy clever i have you no 
I'm not sure   ugh . . . . I just want isaac to know that i'm sorry   Omg i wish i had him in my arms. 
I'm not sure I like how I look in HD 
i'm not sure if i wanne watch the rest.. cause, i know what will happen 
i'm not sure is twitter is punking me, or @thelifeanddeth. i'm soo lostt 
I'm not sure my stomach liked that quesadila 
i'm not sure what to do.... I am so bored. No one is around, so i cant make any movies... 
-i'm not the prayin type, but i'm down on my knees... *          
I'm not there for the @EveryYou show  I miss @everyalex I'll know you're gonna be awesome babe! &lt;3
i'm not tired again. i can't have another night of tossing &amp; turning til half 4  this is silly.
i'm not understanding twitter 
i'm not very good at updating my twitter  even though i have nothing else to do with my time...
I'm not very good with tagging...  *hit own wrist*
I'm not wanting to work, want to be back in bed. Download festival was amazing!!!! so much sun and wicked music! wish i was still there 
I'm not watchin pcd 
I'm not watching enough porn 
I'm not watching the MTV Movie Awards because I don't need to see a bunch of Twatlight shit. But I'm missing Andy. 
im not weird @vanillavanvan lol. just bored. and @mrdbrooks77 you are my favorite thunder cunt. threatening me isnt nice though 
I'm not well ; I'm leaving las vegas after 1 hr of sleep, a 7 am flight, almost losing my bberry and *sigh* no big gambling winnings 
im not well and im going on holidays on sat..  i dont have the energy to move.. let alone pack my bag and get chris ready too. sleep time
I'm not worried about them cutting my hours down so i start at 10.00am every day...... Except i may have to give up my morning Starbucks 
I'm not yet fully recovered from yesterday's 7+ mile Fathers' Day hike!! It might have been fun if I was in-shape... but I'm not! 
im not zac, PLEASE ADD again @nicohiton His account @dontflashme was hacked  ! tell everyone to add him again please! god bless you!
I'm now anticipating on 90210's Season 2. 
I'm now at my parents and didn't get told my grandparents would be here 
I'M NOW FRIENDS WITH LUKE, BUT MY PHONE DECIDED TO QUIT OUT BEFORE I GOT A BUDDING ROMANCE!  Hahaha
I'm now getting three 'Extend your penis' spam messages a minute 
I'm now in need of a good dentist 
Im now officially concerned that the leeches that attacked me may have given me some really weird disease 
I'm now pleased one pile of invoices has gone from my desk. Now onto another pile . . . . . it's so sunny outside!  xx
i'm now sitting in my kitchen! :-l 2bad i'm writting exams this whole upcomming week!   
I'm now watching 16 and Pregnant - so, so sad! 
I'm now wishing I hadn't done so much gardening yesterday...parts of my body feel broken 
Im O.deee tired and jus finished my codes for web design II blahh school suckss 
I'm obsessed with HEY ARNOLD. Such a good fucking show. I miss Jaleesa watching it with me 
I'm obssesing about my weight! Gah! I can't stop thinking about the lbs. I've gained!!! It's making me upset 
i'm OFF .. *sigh* i'm feeling a lil  today ..
im off again guys!  byeeeeeeeeeeee!! xx
Im off for a couple of days. 
im off from one job and now im off to my next one. i wish i was rich and didnt have to worry about money. but i have to cuz of my son.   
im off in abit to my training centre. have 2 b there till half 3 today  omg!
I'M OFF NOW AND I WILL NOT BE ON TONIGHT  I REALLY NEED TO LEARN - I might tweet via phone though oh and I will update you tomorrow! Seeya
I'm off now tweeters I need to think and dream about my life and see how I can sort it out!! 
I'm off now. Can't tweet today, no electricity .  I already miss you twitterworld. Xx Love yaaaaaa
im off peeps g2g to school  damn i wish u could just stay at home but i cant anyways see you peeps laterzz byee peace out ?
I'm off the boat 
I'm off to a fun filled evening at a funeral home ...  Joy.
I'm off to bed cuz I have no friends who wanna talk to me at this ungodly hour 
im off to bed didnt get to talk to DC today  hopeing to actually make it thru work with out throwing up...UGH!!!
i'm off to bed now.. im up way past my bed time.. long day tomorrow   my fellow insomniacs how i miss stayin up with u! &lt;33
I'm off to bed soon..my eyes refuse to stay awake for  as long as my brain!! It causes problems 
im off to bed, have to wake up early tomorrow 
I'm off to bed, think I am getting a cold 
im off to bed. may go for run in the morning, but its friggin cold...no clouds 
I'm off to bed.. still thinking about stuff I do not need to think.. man, I need closure 
im off to go outside  see y'all laters zzz
im off to lbaq training day 2. 
I'm off to Lincoln today for an interview at the passport office 
I'm off to Salisbury with a gurt hangover  The joys of alcohol misuse!
Im off to school for another day  but on a + i get 2 c my friends =]
I'm off to school now  bye
I'm off to school... 
I'm off to sleep now, I wish things between me and my friend would go back to normal 
I'm off to the doctors soon see whats wrong with me been throwing up 2days  hate it! .. never underestimate the feeling of normality
I'm off to try to catch some zzzz with hiccups!   Have a great evening. 
I'm off to work 
im off to work til 6 
i'm off to work.  i miss my bed.
im off twitterers... idk y i bother saying that, i have no friends on here  lol
I'm off work now and I'm going to get some rest have to be back @ work to update servers for month end. Missing the lords word. Today 
im off work!!! FINALLY!!! 
im off work!!! Yay! Woohoo! I miss you! Wake up 
I'm offcially love sick and I don't like it. mark not being here sucks  anywho better get off to bed school in the morn' xoxo
im offically dying.....im lying on the ground in pain 
I'm officially a chick magnet! Unfortunatly I only work on Isreali men in their 50s. 
im officially a firefox user person. tho  not appreciating the fact that it keeps correcting my spelling w/ one of those red lines 
I'm officially broke. 
im officially dying inside. i miss you. and i can't live without you all.  never leave me,ever&lt;3
I'm officially kicked out of the kitchen.. 
I'm officially locked out of my flickr account 
im officially mrs. moore! too bad today isnt my day  -Mrs. 303
I'm officially old. Six Flags is no longer fun to me. 
I'm officially old... I jus hurt myself tumbling  not a good idear...
I'm officially on Coke relapse 
Im officially outbid 
i'm officially over the end of this school year; blah a million assignments to do  text &lt;3
im officialy depressed 
im officialy going now, im very very very very very very VERY. tired   nighty night twitterland â™¥
i'm officialy sick   so lightheaded can't even think straight
I'm off-line until after we move.  see y'all soon! 
i'm oh so very bored!  buut.. almost 2 days til i leave for france!
Im oh so very saddd  , what a dayy . Soo excited one point then BLEH .
I'm okay!  I can't reply to tweets though 
Im on #fulltiltpoker as SmartAssXXX   so far not doin well.  #poker
I'm on a boat in Toronto Harbour...and it's raining 
I'm on a search for my video camera and we can't find it anywhere!!! Youtube videos maybe on hold till we find camera 
i'm on an eating spree  i'm havin lays &amp; bueno now.
Im on break Yay! @foofoox33 Awww that sucks 
i'm on my Closing duTy tonite.. HUH wish i could watch U baby.. 
I'm on my last cough drop 
I'm on my most dramatic moment  Neveeer thought it's possible(
I'm on my own at school, with maths next and a cracking headache  At least we've got a party in maths next!
im on my ownn.. 
I'm on my phone and it won't let me send a message from my phone 
Im on my phone? this doesnt work like facebooks mobile does 
I'm on my plane to India ! Gonna miss alot of people 
I'm on my way back to my car/mechanic &amp; if this doesn't go as hoped... I'll be paying for a new computer chip.  Fingers crossed. #fb
I'm on my way to work. Realized I forgot my umbrella  my commute involves 15 minutes of walking...better not be raining later.
Im on on question 4 on the spanish orals, IT TAKES TOO LONG. 
im on PC again!! whooot... :-D but i cant go there til thursdayc officialy 
i'm on relapse  mom and dad i need you. jesus fucking christ you stay away.
I'm on school lockdown  its boring 
I'm on some damn spammers list  Why can't we just have them shot?
Im on stupid register today 
I'm on the air and not feeling well. 
im on the computer and texting at the same time. while i hear the weather say there is a tornado somewhere north of me. 
I'm on the eay to work. Yay 
i'm on the flight to ATL...then to MKE....home will be a good place to be again. vacation over 
im on the internet on my laptop for the first time in 2 years......finally  i wish i was in rathmullan 
I'm on the mobile app @blaqrainbow so I can't block anyone 
I'm on the phone w/My Love and he just told me that he doesn't miss me 
i'm on the way to getting better YAY! bit too late now though... bastard illness made me F up my exams n now ive 3 resits at least 
Im on twitter and i noticed alot of like auto sex things folowed me :S can i get some real followers to even the ratio??! 
im on twitter.... duh ;) hmm... im sore from volleyball practice last night. we worked our butts off 
im on vacation but i got summer school 
I'm on vacation but still up at the crack of dawn 
I'm on web cam with Alyssa. Shes laughing hysterically. I have a headache. &amp;I'm thirsty! 
I'm on! + aww!! Danny's already eliminated in American Idol. 
I'm only allowed two episodes of trueblood per night.  reading in bed.
I'm only being nice because I care 
Im only failing 1 class.... Algebra 2 damn it that shit is hard! 
I'm only following two very cool ppl... but I feel left out... 
I'm only functioning off of 3 hours of sleep. Please, let me be able to make it through the night 
im only going to whine one time: ive worked for like 2 weeks straight with only like 3 days off. my feet hurt 
I'm only missing flair pens. Then I have 2 promise myself no more writing pens til they're all gone.  trying 2 learn self control no OCD
I'm only working eight hours this week  Anyone need a babysitter? CPR/First Aid certified, years of experience, ten bucks an hour.
I'm ontheway to cengkareng airport bye tweeps  http://myloc.me/47Ut
I'm out if my codiene and nyquil. fml. Friday is for fun not being sick 
I'm out of coffee! 
I'm Out Of Coke  ... Possibly One Of The 7th Signs
I'm out of dew 
Im out of donughts..    
i'm out of Dr. Pepper....  
I'm out of here. 
I'm out of raspberry arizona iced tea. sad song. 
im out of school! fuck yes! im getting closer to debt, paying rent, bills, taxes, and all that crap   now i wish i was still in high scool
im out of shape 
I'm out of soda. How sad. Now I actually have to leave my house and go to a store. 
im out of the house for the first time in five days! alas its just to go to the dr. 
I'm out of the Shower. My MSN messenger keep's saying I'm away But I'm Not  Damn Technology haha. Have to finish Exercising later on.
I'm out of the tourney wth just one level remaining for the end of day 1  played so good, just a move that didnt work as expected #EVPWSOP
Im out of town and i have to run interference w/other peoples drama! Grrr...im sooooo sorry B  ill fix it when i get back i promise!
Im out of turtle food  i dont wanna catch bugssss
im out the showerr @MoneyMerve lolss now im boredd again! 
im out to the studio session here in cali..none of my twitter apps works  booo you twitter holla
I'm out with Laura, Mint, Ale, and @erinerkul! Time to say goodbye to my  besties! 
im outside of my door... without key.. its gonna be a long long day.. 
i'm outta tha shower, but i can't be botherd getting ready. the shower made me more tired. baah 
Im outtie ppl. Tryna go to ATL wit @ttaylor1220. Lets get packin kid. Dont leave me to go by myslef    Stil gona mac n hang tho, the usual
I'm outtie the @doggles needs a walk and she cannot do it herself   Goodnight tweethearts xoxo-pm
I'm outtie!! Work is finally over!!! I'll be back here tomorrow. 
Im outtie. Goin to sleep. EPIC fail for me tonite 
I'm over @alcoholharmony! I divorce him as a brother, he's hurt my feelings one too many times! Enjoy your life w/o me!  *SIGHS &amp; CRIES*
Im over it  in El Monte, CA http://loopt.us/TGlOTQ.t
Im OVER it! I give up......Please NEVER talk to me agian! I cant take it 
I'm over my best friends house and were fucking bored...womp 
im over this cold...tired of being inside....sooooooo bored 
I'm packing away all my musical theater stuff (scripts, shoes, etc.) into a big bin for storage. It was fun while it lasted 
i'm painting the town....eeeh... eggshell 
I'm part of the largest crowd ever at Huntington Park. Too bad the Clippers are losing. 
I'm peeling like a tomato  and and he's away at camp life sux~
I'm personally selling a Stevie Wonder lawn ticket for Atlanta 06/24 @ cost. Msg @CarlyKane if interested!  So sad I'll miss it 
i'm physicaly sick...i have court in a couple of hours what should i do try to clear my name and possibly end up in jail??? stressed 
Im pickin my hubby up from work, n i just heard sumthin moving in my car  *squeals*
I'm picking the best images from the last 10 weddings for our portfolio. Really want a new website to put them on 
i'm piss that every thing is always about money......... The kids should matter first 
Im pissed booked my flight for june 10th til the 24th for pr &amp; totally forgot about the pr parade on the 14th  now I gotta change my flite
I'm pissed cause my phone isn't cooperating properly.  Or mayb its me 
i'm pissed i left my golf clubs in vegas!!! my fam is hitting the course 
I'm pissed off at bf.how hard can it be to take some time out of ur sunday to cast a vote?apparently too hard for bf, cause arse didnt go 
I'm pissed off my keyboard just froze on my computer so now have to use phone for net 
I'M PISSED!  Were not going to see the fireworks downtown... 
i'm pissed! (sort of!) i woke up very early just to retreive my laundry but i still haven't got any of it! company pictorial in minutes! 
I'm pissing out tears knowing that I won't be getting any E3 coverage by @gamerpaulo, the better half of Gaming Guyz. 
I'm planning my dream week in NYC, which is actually hard because I know it's gonna be a while before i can actually go on it 
Im planning on entering a pagaent but i dont know what my talent is 
Im playing chess with my laptop...thats where my life is come down too right now....i m so bored!!!! 
I'm playing in a golf outing on Monday, so I really, really need to hit a few buckets today and tomorrow... Haven't swung a club all year 
I'm playing Scrabble with  friends on Facebook, only I can't cos it's region-locked and I'm in the US  Don't they know the web is global
i'm playing some Brahms on clarinet, I want my oboe back from servicing 
im playing some whack ass lord of the rings board game. btw im losing 
I'm playing tiger woods 10. Its a live tournament for the US Open. Its a washout and I shot a +14 
I'm pooped...head is congested...beaucoups meetings tomorrow.    #fb
I'm poorly and can't sleep 
i'm practicing guitar. got a lesson this wednesday. i need to find a uke teacher. 
I'm practising English for my oral test now. 
I'm praying all my family and friends in the D.C./Baltimore/Virginia area are safe after the metro train tragedy that just occurred.  
I'm praying for her relationship with the LORD. That's the only way she will find happiness 
im praying my new haircut will distract everyones attention from my shit presentation 
I'm preparing for a day of &quot;girl&quot; shopping. I had to buy foundation garments for my soon to be 8 year-old today  She is excited 
I'm pretty confused but in that good kinda way. Also hoping that she will talk to me soon. I miss her 
I'm pretty depressed it looks like i gotta sell my quad!!!!   $900
I'm pretty dix tonight...took the v instead of the F rushing to get home 
I'm pretty ill today  It's not helping me focus! Need lots of dance music!!!!
I'm pretty sure I broke my nose  surfing last week 
I'm pretty sure I have strep throat  I can't eat or drink. I need some TLC
I'm pretty sure I just destroyed my twitter account's ability to have a profile picture.  I hope I can fix it... I want my wolves back.
I'm pretty sure my cat was just raped 
I'm pretty sure the girl I could hear argueing just got her heart broken  she is crying like crazy ... So much for sleep
i'm pretty sure the majority of my wonderful work day will be devoted to lurking for all the coachella awesomeness i missed. 
I'm pretty sure the whole of tonight could not get any worse 
I'm pretty sure you're talking about me! 
I'm pretty teed the 'leave the light on' shirt isn't going to be re-stocked. 
I'm pretty tired of this stupid shit science assessment task  grr
im prety sure that i now own  todays equivlent of the beaded car seat cver that my g-ma used  in her vw beetle 8,ooo years ago 
im prob goin to regret that more then anything in my life 
I'm probably going to miss the Celtics/Bulls game 7 tomorrow.  I ordered the fight, so I'm gonna have company.. I'm gonna need updates!
I'm probably the only idiot who spends $5.55 (plus tax) for the Fruit &amp; Cheese Plate at Starbucks. 
I'm proper lonely 
I'm pure knackered  really could go back to kip
I'm putting away my Jessica Simpson's  No need at the new job. Puro tennis y CROCS! Lol
im putting off bedtime because I don't want to sleep alone 
im putting off getting ready to go out tonight in hopes that my vacation will magically extend itself.  i dont want to leave paradise 
I'm putting off writing a brief. It's hard 
I'm quite annoyed, no really annoyed that the UK isn't getting Up until October 
Im quite cold atm, and apparently the whole of our streets water supply has been turned off for 2 hours  Bad times
Im quite nervous about Air France cos a similar event happened in Nigera abt 4 years ago. It was a ... hope it's not the same thing 
I'm quite shook up that Calvin Harris isn't playing Liverpool 
I'm quite tempted in getting one of the EEEPC's on Woot.com for $150 But I really need the slightly larger version for my hands 
I'm quite the joke to you. Why am I wasting my time on something that will never happen? 
i'm reaaally tirred and getting broker by the minute. 
im reading and reading and reading, and learning the vocabulary , i miss my friends 
I'M READY 2 GO HOME 2 QNS *** BK IS NOT POPPIN 
I'm ready for my baby girl to come home.  Missin her badly 
Im ready for my jeep to get fixed ugh! 
I'm ready for nicer weather.  All this rain is really getting to me. 
Im ready for wonderful day! I don't like that its gloomy outside 
i'm ready o go back to Houston 
I'm ready to come home to California....I'm just missing everyone....and the boyfriend 
I'm ready to give an arm for an early morning on Beirut's corniche overlooking the Med, or a cortado in Barcelona...is that too much? 
I'm ready to go home 
i'm ready to go home!!! 
Im ready to go home. Jk! But were gonna leave in like 5 minutes. 
I'm ready to go to bed... but I can't  so much work not enough time
I'm ready to move to dallas. 
I'm ready to pass out.. To sleep. I'm beaaat tiired!  I need a massage bad. No after party for me. Heading to my room order room service.
I'm really afraid of how GM filing for bankruptcy might affect my dad 
I'm really angry and frustrated right now! I don't want to lose him!  :S
i'm really annoyed that for some technical reason my photo won't upload on here 
im really bad at finishing things before starting new ones! 
I'm Really bored and doing nothing 
I'm really bored now. School tomorrow 
I'm really bored now.. 
Im really bored revising  cant wait for it to be over
I'm really bored today. Hopefully I can go out in a little bit but who knows. 
Im really bored. i have to study...... 
i'm really bored. nothing to do 
i'm really bored.. writing the book and wondering what was in that voice mail i deleted 
I'm REALLY bored... 
I'm really bored.Usually I wanna snooze all day but unusually not right now  It's annoying.
i'm really boreddddddddd and i'm getting bullied not fair 
I'm really bummed I didn't win the Del Mar meet and greet  did anyone else? Well, on to OC fair...
im really bummed out  i dont want a full run of the show tomorrow.  also. i wont say much but... 2 words. cop injunction.
i'm really craving pho, but my throat hurts 
I'm really craving some buffalo wings right nowï¿½too bad  I can't find any here. 
I'm really depressed right now...little bit of plan mishaps 
i'm really disapointed by the preview of the new season of the hills 
I'm really disappointed by the MTV Movie Awards 
i'm really disappointed with ewebguru's customer support and service. 
im really dissapointed that sims 3 is not online interactive  missed oppurtunity there. maybe it will be in an expansion?? sigh
I'm really down today. 
im really enjoying the sims 3 , but iv gotta study this whole week 
I'm really excited about this new idea for an open source project. Although I have no idea how I'm going to find the time for it. 
I'm really excited for august 3rd! Right yeah? But that means summers almost over which is kinda sucky  what did i do to your heart?
I'm really feeling out of the loop right now 
I'm really getting sick ugh Fuckin nursing homes! Laying in bed, might go run later, watch some more movies with Austin. Sara &amp; Sami left 
I'm really glad it was payday! but now dexter day is over 
I'm really glad my sisters would not go to the NJ International Track and Field Meet with me tonight 
I'm really going through Houston withdrawls right now. 
I'm really going to miss everyone 
I'm really going to miss the beach. 
im really going to miss the summer 
I'm really gonna miss being a kid  I hate change.
I'm really good at losing the remote 
I'm really hating not having a &quot;best friend&quot;.... It's really hard sometimes. 
im really hating school right now 
I'm really having a calgon take me away kind of day  ugh!!!
i'm really hoping there wasn't a Harper's Island this week, cause if there was i missed it. 
im really hungry ..... 
I'm really hungry but I'm afraid to eat 
I'm really hungry but Nolie won't roll w/ me anywhere to go get some Wendy's... 
I'm really hungry right now 
I'm really hungry. I wanna leave, but I wanna support. But I'm really hungry 
I'm really hurt.  ganna go take a shower...
I'm really ill  Keep being sick (
I'm really in need of some female physical interaction 
i'm really jhealous of @tobigurl19 cuz she got to see @pirlo219's ukulele before me 
I'm REALLY leaving.. bro's gonna use the laptop  buh-bye!
Im really liking this girl but its really difficult  gah this is confusing
i'm really mad 
I'm really mad santigold is here and im missing it ! 
I'm really missing 1205 right now  xo
I'm really missing Adam right now 
im really missing all of my friends. exspecially are really speical one to me 
I'm really missing Ava, Sarah, and the rest of my friends... and I've only been gone two days... 
I'm really missing someone right now 
I'm really missing summer! 
I'm really not a cold weather person 
I'm really not awake. I don't want to sit an exam and I don't want driving today either 
I'm really not dumb, just in love... It clouds my brain 
I'm really not feeling too good  tummy all gurgley due to antibiotics and I'm sleepy.
I'm really not fond of creepers. 
im really not in the mood for paintballing anymore! 
Im really not likin not havin twitter on my phone ..  .. Cant wait til my new 1 comes so i can tweet whenever i want .. 
I'm really not liking that I've developed a fear of going to bed because I've been hearing &quot;things&quot; at night. I feel like i'm going crazy 
I'm really not looking forward to going into work today   Weather's too nice outside!
I'm really not looking forward to next week. I wish it was just the end of next week. I'll miss you   I don't want you to go but I love yo
I'm really not looking forward to this 8 hour shift 
I'm really not pissed. Just sick and sore, i'm sorry. 
i'm really not that impatient, i just have a lot of stuff to do 
i'm really peed off right now.  baaad mood 
I'm really pissed that the H&amp;M that opened in VG is an all girl store. 
I'm really really afraid of losing someone. I hate this hate it. 
im really really board 
i'm really really bored 
i'm really really depressed that i'm not going to see The Fray tonight 
I'm really really missing my mommy right now 
im really really nervous for tomorrow's exam..! 
