I don't want to be itchy anymore 
I don't want to be lonely. 
I don't want to be old 
i don't want to be productive today. 
i don't want to be quarantine  i don't wanna miss school :|
I don't want to be rude, but the people that said they were going to do one... didn't do an entry... and let me down. 
I don't want to be sick anymore 
i don't want to be this 
I don't want to be up right now   its too early for me. I need more than six hours of sleep 
I don't want to clean today. I want to lay in the sun and drink margaritas, but nobody has a pool. 
I dont want to come home.  leah, come to me.
i dont want to come to school tomorrow 
I dont want to dissect the poor kitty tomorrow 
I don't want to do a dumb contest 
I don't want to do anything today.. Talk about studying and a meeting  blah.
i don't want to do drivers trainingggg! 
I don't want to do hw.. So tired of it 
I don't want to do my exam today 
i dont want to do my homework    . . . work 3-10 then buffalo wild wings!!
i dont want to do this exam  im in so much pain! 
I don't want to do two shows tomorrow 
I don't want to drink anymore 
I don't want to drive to Moody tonight... 
I dont want to eat an oyster 
i don't want to email any more CVs. i'm bored of emailing CVs. i feel crappy 
I don't want to fall apart 
I don't want to fall asleep yet 
I don't want to feel that my friends are stupid, but almost all of them like Twilight... Damn... I'm surrounded by morons. 
i dont want to fly tonight! I hope I dont miss Luis  he knows I love him and he loves me so thats all that matters and my BFF
i don't want to function today.. but i probably should. gah. yesterday sucked. and i miss alissa 
i dont want to get out of bed, but i havw work at 11 
I don't want to get out of my bed  work 3 to 11
I dont want to get sick 
I don't want to get up. 
I don't want to get worms.  Sometimes you can't get rid of them.  
I don't want to give up Kobe. 
I don't want to give up my PA license   So sad.  Also, I didn't smile during my picture and signed strangely. And someone is screaming
I dont want to go anywhere without breth 
I dont want to go back  Nooo what was it ?! the weather &lt;3 i have 4 gigs next week :O! x
I don't want to go back to Normal for at least 2 months   Needing more time with my family!
I don't want to go back to school yet,the month off for study leave was good/relaxing.Gotta get back to learning though unfortunately  â™¥ x
I don't want to go back to work tonight.  I don't want to work tomorrow morning.  I WANT MY DAY OFF! *fume* 
I dont want to go back to work! 
I don't want to go back to work. 
I don't want to go back to Yakima tomorrow 
I don't want to go home! Sad faec 
I don't want to go home.  I want to buy a house on de Witte Singel in Leiden.  The weather here is beautiful at the moment. 
I don't want to go home... 
i dont want to go out today  i wish i got hit by a bus :/
i dont want to go to bad mad at you 
I don't want to go to bed at 4 a.m. anymore... 
I don't want to go to bed but I will be fucking awful tomorrow if I don't. Especially if I'm getting ill.  Good night 
I don't WANT to go to bed early.   
I don't want to go to bed yet, but I don't want to hang around up here. And I'm hungry. I wish there was food up here. 
I don't want to go to boot camp.  I hope they don't make me run.  I can't 
I don't want to go to class tomorrow.  don't make me.
i don't want to go to college induction day anymore. i'm scared. 
I don't want to go to Montini today 
I don't want to go to school 
I don't want to go to school  !!!
i don't want to go to school anymore 
I don't want to go to school dammit. I wanna go mimis some more. 
i don't want to go to school today. 
i don't want to go to school yet! stupid typhoon.! it's gone when you just need it to stop classes! i don't wanna loose you! don't go. 
I don't want to go to school!  Chemistry.i hate that woman -.- Its devil inside her!
i don't want to go to school..... 
I don't want to go to schoooooool. 
i dont want to go to sleep, because then im gonna have to wake up and go to work til ten at night  and there goes my day.
I don't want to go to the dentist on Monday! 
i don't want to go to the funerall  it will be sad
i don't want to go to the graduation  i wish i was wif valerie in da city, at least i get to hear these beautiful car honks &lt;3
I dont want to go to the pool. Plus, I just got a new cut. So I did reject the offer from a friend.  its always tomo
I don't want to go to this stupid meeting at publix tonight 
I don't want to go to work today  stayed up too late watching South Park.
i dont want to go to work tomorrow  I'd rather work on my music
I dont want to go to work tomorrow. 
I don't want to go to work tomorrow. 
i dont want to grow up yet  im having so much fun....im like a toys r us kid! DX
I don't want to have to go to town to buy things when I have so little money 
i don't want to intern today!! it's sooooo nice out 
I don't want to know but it kills me not to know so therefore I need to know  I hate thinking so much
I don't want to learn for this and next week's exams  The weather is too nice!
I dont want to leave 
I don't want to leave 
I don't want to leave Alabama  I could so live here
I dont want to leave home 
i dont want to leave Kenya! I like it here too muchh 
I don't want to leave Laredo 
I don't want to leave my house while it's pouring down rain. 
I don't want to leave myrtle beach yet  and of course when I come home he leaves for the whole summer 
I dont want to leave our hotel 
I don't want to leave san antonio 
I don't want to leave! 
I don't want to leave. 
I don't want to look for another job. This is shit 
I don't want to look in my wallet now because i know it will be empty 
I don't want to lose you... 
I don't want to meet Anne Begg again... 
i don't want to meet new people, i like the ones i have now 
i don't want to miss the chat my internet is sloww!!!!!!!!11  @therealsavannah
I don't want to move 
i dont want to move house....  
i dont want to pack and i dont want to move 
I don't want to play cat surgery any more 
I don't want to present it 
I don't want to present my project. it's so lame and uninteresting  but I'll be the first one to go tomorrow...
i dont want to ruin my hair  maybe il just keep it like this till getaway plan tomorrow night ;) HAHA AND NETBALL
I don't want to say this, but I've got to be honest with myself already: I miss the desert! 
i don't want to see any photos of you and hurt myself again. far too many times that i've been crying over you. 
i dont want to show my toes when wearing prom shoes, but i cant find any that have a closed toe 
I don't want to sleep on the floor anymore  But I really can't bitch about it for another 3 weeks. Though I feel like it.
I don't want to sleep on the sofa... in the cold  if I knew this earlier I would have left a long time ago. *sigh*
I don't want to smoke anything though.  I even stopped smoking the other herb except for like, one time last week. XD
i dont want to start work at 8:30 tomorrow morning 
i dont want to stay here 
I don't want to stay up late...I keep falling sleep 
i dont want to study 
I don't want to study 
i dont want to study  but w/e
I dont want to study any lonnnnger ! 
I don't want to study, i want to go shopping instead!! 
I don't want to study. But fine, I will. 
I don't want to sub at the high school today 
I dont want to take finals this week 
I don't want to take my pills; because I've got the music back, and I don't want to lose it. 
I don't want to take the SATs. 
I don't want to talk to anyone right now.   got that hannah?!
I don't want to think about work tomorrow 
I don't want to turn 19 
i dont want to turn 20..before i know it the years are gonna go by so fast...i'll be old 
I don't want to vacuum the pool, but I want to go swimming... 
I don't want to wake up @amazingphoebe. but I miss her heaps 
I don't want to wake up early tomorrow.  Damn you, work!
I dont want to work 
I don't want to work 
i dont want to work todaaaay  i cant have an entire weekend offf?
I don't want to work today. 12-7.30 shifts take over your whole day 
i dont want to work todayyyyyy 
I don't want to work when it's this sunnny  ufffft
I don't want to work. And I feel sick. 
I don't want to work. it's like, just cos there is money. I want my baby instead 
I dont want to write my paaapppeerrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Nooooooooo!!!!!  oh well this is my last week!!!
I dont want togo to wrk in the morning 
I don't want tomorrow to be the last day of break 
I don't want Warren to die. He's an awesome character!  I hate Clare she should fucking die once and for all.
I don't want wednesday to come 
I don't want work experence, nor do I want school. Can't I just stay in the garden for 2 weeks? 
i dont want you to eat me @jacobdyer i just want you to cook me breakfast 
I DON'T WANT YOU TO GO 
I don't want you to leave 
I dont wanttt to work tomorroww  Happy birthday to my babyy Millie
i dont watch Grey's anatomy... but the ad just made me cry 
I don't watch much TV. I learned that tweeting about TV causes loss of followers.  Ah well, ditching cable service soon.
I don't watch they Magic and they win. I watch the Penguins and they lose. not good.  
I don't what to do... I want to go out... but no one can 
i don't why my photo is not showing up  I feel so naked... maybe if I put a naked photo up it will show? I dunno...
I don't win. Yeah, i'll be at home when they'll be in Paris 
I don't wish to appear to be &quot;harping on&quot; but jeez I'm upset about my client dying 
I don't wonna go to work  I have got too much to do. X x x
I don't work today. booooo 
i don't working when it's sunny like this, especially being a sunday as well 
I doubt ill be able to get that jagk shirt.  i should have asked when i first saw it.
I doubt it... Its such a good dog! ....im scared its going to...replace me! Noooooo! 
i doubt that i am going to take him to tomorrows kindergarden graduation ceremony  mad sadness, but i dont think he'll feel up to it...
i doubt the American Sign Language class i signed up for will make. i guess have to teach myself this summer.  what a rip off.
i drank 3 monsters close together last night, now i feel sick  goin to bed now
I drank all the pina colada juice. 
i drank i smoked and went to a stipper club, i must be depressed 
I drank my new tea that supposedly has as much caffeine as coffee in it and I immediately fell asleep afterwards not what I was expecting 
I drank too much redbull.. have been trying to get to sleep since 11pm. 4.40am now 
I dream bout zombies wayyy too much 
I dreamed about him last night. I was heartbroken when I woke up 
I dreamed last night Roxette died and sure enough, when I awoke, she was gone.  I guess it was too much stress. Oh well... r.i.p. Roxette.
I dreamed that I had a son,he was 9 - 11... I want a son now 
i dreamed that i wasn't at the JB's concert 
I dreamt about California and woke up with jet lag. 
I dreamt so much last night,it feels like I didn't sleep at all 
I dreamt that Adrian was not well after much substance abuse 
i drew on my hand with a Sharpie and now it's rubbed off on my favourite Gleeved jumper 
i drop my phone in a cup of water.  
I dropped a can of spray adhesive on my toe... it really hurts 
I dropped all my money 
I dropped chicken wings on my hugging pillow.  - http://tweet.sg
I dropped Dr. Pepper on my keyboard last night  lol  Now my keys feel a little mushy when I type.
I dropped my phone earlier and went outside turned it on this sucka was dead AGAIN! *sigh* what I'ma do with my baby ya'll? 
I Dropped my phone in apple juice and now its not working 
I dropped my Popsicle on the floor  FML
I dropped one of my iPod earphones in a glass of water 
I dropped some cement on the ground and i had to shovel it back on to the wheel barrel..... 
I dropped the daughter off and it looks like a solo nite for SCG!   Oh well, I'll get to those Rescue Me episodes that I haven't seen yet
I drove over a hedgehog today  I mean, it was already dead, but I still felt guilty
I drove past my dream house....it was sold prior to auction 
I drove through slush and snow and this sucky winter weather and found out there was no work. My boss didn't call to tell me 
I drug my feet to long on spending $30 to see Turbonegro tonight and the show sold out. 
i dun noe why i feel  tired... 
I dun wanna remake my resume   
I dun want to go to work tmr 
i dunno about this weekend. 
I dunno how long I can last today...just sitting down my back is killing me  #hurt my back from practice last night.
I dunno how much longer I can go without sleep...poor Christian is miserable 
I dunno how to customize the update box  - http://tweet.sg
i dunno how to use twitter 
I dunno if I will still watch the hills w/out LC. 
i dunno if i'm gonna join this year's musical extravaganza.. 
I dunno if the price package at Rogers will be as much costly as the previous packages 
i dunno wha to get my daddy for daddy's day 
i dunno what else should i do. im tired. 
I dunno what to do...I'm not really born to chill 
I dunno whats happenin with this session im startin off bad  i dont like that
I dunno why I'm so freaking lonelyy all of a sudden 
I dunno why people are always finding new reasons to desert me. 
i dunno why that song is in my head  . . .  i wanna go back to sleepp
i dunno why these days songs related to &quot;HOME' fascinate me so much..is tht cuz i'm moving??? i DUN WANT 2 LEAVE MY FRIENDSSSS 
i dunno why, but my tounge hurts 
i dunno why, but this thing pops out in my head. and suddenly it cant get out. why? so unimportant, so annoying.. 
I dunno. I don't like life anymore. My parents are beginning to age 
I duno how to pack.  HELP! - http://tweet.sg
I duno how to work twitter  x
i duno i fail at tweeting 
i dyed my hair 'Epic Blonde' LOL it like didnt work 
I dyed my hair, and it looks almost the same 
I eat poo. I've been doing it since I was a child. I have a problem! 
I eated all of my chicken 
i eathier have hay-fever or i'm allergic to something. badtimes 
I effed up my stats 
I effin' love crayons (: ; coloring ATM ; at dadddy's ; the boyfriend seems different today  neenahhhbabe(:
I effin' wonder how it's like to live #inaperfectworld. Maybe there I can call you mine again. 
I effing give up. Meh, I'll just join some other octodrive contest.  I'll go work on the Wentzlee vid instead. 
I embody the fail whale.  curse you, ochem!!
I ended up having a bagel.  It was gross but I ate it.  I should go running today, but I really don't feel like it 
i ended up not going to da movies  i didnt go out this nite, hey but i spent time with brothers, we had dinner together!! priceless.....
I enjoy acting out Hamlet. Sitting here just looking at the words is no fun at all.  It is entertaining at points though.
I enjoy being so hopped up on cold meds that I forgot what day it was, and thus forgot to turn in my last paper for government. uugh, fml 
I enjoy the rain.. no i hate it!! Just be inside.. 
I enjoy work, I just REALLY hate getting up and going there 
i enjoyed my last dinner with giovanni. venice tomorrow. pompeii broke my camera 
I enjoyed my walk, but now I have a blister on my foot. 
I enjoyed Star Trek quite a bit, but I don't like how IMAX only shows 2 trailers.. I love trailers  2 is simply not enough #startrek
I enjoyed the &quot;illegal lmao bon fire with the class of 'o9! it was soo much fun! Cant believe we ran out of Magic! (NBA Finals)... 
i envy him...why doesnt my life going as good... 
I epically fail at fan dancing. 
I ERASED ALL MY PICS AND SHIT OFF MY PHONE THINKIN THEY WASNT GONNA TRANSFER IT TO THE NEW ONE 
I even cold ...  
i expected so much today... 
I F*CKIN HATE ACCOUNTING! I DONT GIVE A TWIT IF ITZ 4 A GOOD CAUSE&gt;&gt;&gt;I ONLY SPEND $$$ DONT KNO HOW TO TRACK IT, THIS TWIT F/N SUCKZ   
i facking lovee @PerezHilton, just finished work was planning to go to eves but can't get there  another night in doing sweet FA
i fail at alting  today i tried to make &quot;set the scene&quot; but nup.. looks like im not entering.. no badge for me on this one x(
I fail at answering my friends questions in their Facebook quizzes 
i fail at fried chicken. the breading always comes off 
I fail at musical songs...  
I fail at scamming iTunes Store: www.â?¥.ws/HYPER666L33T  Well, it was worth a shot anyway. ;-P
I fail at Twitter so hard. 
I fail the stupid test 
I failed at connecting ze xml driven client to the mysql db 
i failed at cutting and peeling the mangoes  hah. it was weird trying and my father did it like it was nothing.
i failed fu man june  stupid work
i failed my Math paper! 
I failed my maths exam today. fxxxmylife 
i failed one exam..noooo now I'll have to spend the summer studying biology... 
i failed to celebrate my 1337th scrobble on lastfm  
i failed to get the most epic pair of sunglasses ever   but I did pay the man $100 that I don't have and will have them next week! yay
I FAILED. I am 3rd now. Bye bye 10 extra tickets. I'm so sorry @Impetuosity. . . . I can't go back to 1st  TOO TIRING/IMPOSSIBLE
I fancy a spell on COD4. Been about 2-3 days since I went online. 
i fancy this boy but he fancies my twin sister 
i feal so ill omg 
I fear it's back to the doctor 
I fear I've fallen back into my shitty sleep schedule  please no, I was actually starting to get a good nights sleep D:
I fear I've turned my iPhone into an expensive brick, can't back-up, can't restore 
I fear that I may be kicked off without notice... If I disappear randomly.... WE KNOW I GOT BOOTED FOR TWEETING TOO MUCH! 
I fear that I'm gunna be alone for the rest of my life... 
i fear the spaceship is not long for this earth. it just stranded me and edwin on the highway. there was smoke 
I fear we have lost contact with our Iranian brothers  #Iranelection #Iran9
i fed 2 month old puppy a bone the size of his esophagus. he just freakin swallowed it!im scared.will it do my dog harm?help 
i feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeel really really cold.  but, i found my superman tshirt - yay!
i feeeeel likeee shitttt 
i feeeel so shitty 
i feeel like shit, @becciibabes @Taraaa_ dnt thinkk i make it too school tommoroee  buht if im feeling any better see yah theree &lt;3
i feel a bit queasy after reading about Nabby Adams' breast cancer. Such a sad story 
i feel a bit rubbish today, think its just being extremely tired and stress over work 
I feel a butt load better now! Hahah, I'm pretty sleepy  I still can't believe I'm on look book, Lol. I'm a dork, I know.
I feel a cold coming on... 
i feel a disconnect.. phones just dont help communication 
I feel a fever approaching  trying to dance it off
I feel a headache coming on. 
I feel a headache coming on...that's not good because I have a LOT to do  
I feel a little  atm. I just want things to be ok. I don't belong here and knowing that fact makes it harder... bring on july
i feel a little sad and dissapointed 
I feel a little sick in the stomach. I'm going to miss you.  And all your silly quirks...
I feel a migraine coming on... 
I feel a pat on the back coming on...day 5 of WDPOA done!I do feel deprived as I really wanted chocolate!  Sleep don't think about it!
i feel a sickie coming so i looked up swine flu symptoms. i have a fever, chills, a headache and fatigue. they are all on the list 
i feel a sore throat coming 
i feel all dirty 
I feel all sad when im ignored 
I feel all sorts of exhausted this morning.  My legs feel dead.
I feel alone today 
i feel am starting to have karshah 
I feel as if i am dying. 
I feel as if I've been hut by a bus n then just dumped back in my bed...I'm all weak 
I feel as though I'm going to throw up 
I feel awesome for one moment and then it's stolen for me... can't even play the piano cause I really hurt my wrists today 
I feel awful  (physically awful... someone get me tea!)
I feel awful training the new guy and poor Will is behind me listening.    I feel like a traitor.
I feel baaaad ... a bad feeling that it is my pleasuree! I didd soomething wrong, waaaas i? 
I feel bad  Will make up for it in the week with a &quot;jonscatchupfollowmonday&quot;.
I feel bad about perpetuating a stereotype, but every watermelon truck in Georgia seems to be driven by Mexicans 
I feel bad for being tired. Ugh. I'm a bad person.  Matt's family is having a much worse day and I had a nap!
I feel bad for Brook and her camp drama  but today is Finale class and a clinic by Loop 2.4.3! I'm pretty excited.
I feel bad for doing it 
I feel bad for Hatton 
I feel bad for Leah and Pad. 
i feel bad for my brother... he graduated high school yesterday, but both my parents are here in egypt with me. he was all alone 
I feel bad for my cat, Kasperlina, she has somehow hurt her leg and now she's just laying there on her little mat, huhu, in pain.. 
i feel bad for my mom 
I feel bad for not being with jess, but mom is the queen, and i'm not. 
I feel bad for Riley in National Treasure. He never gets recognition 
I feel bad for the Gosselins 
I feel bad for the people who don't have mothers in their life today  Happy mothers day though.
i feel bad for vince vaughn when he gets kicked off the bowling team on The Break Up...I could cry 
I feel bad for whoever has to clean up that mess 
i feel bad for you Selena  i know how you feel
I feel bad now 
I feel bad now, while I was having so much fun your night was bad  I was there you looked happy, hope it's better now@JackAllTimeLow
I feel bad over everything..  How can I be so stupid? Why was I so harsh? Its my fault, I know it. I'm sorry SaVvy, love you guys&lt;3
I feel bad that public school students here in our country have to attend night classes just so they can learn. 
I feel bad! Ignored...forgotten...ashamed and embarrassed...why me  I thought I was complete, but I guess not
I feel bad, I can't find the DMV tests my dad and cousin gave me. 
I feel bad.  cause i need to be at work at 8am and i have no ride, is there anyone willing to help. I'll give you 5 dollars..
I feel bad.  My wife wanted to go shopping tomorrow and I said I7d stay home alone because I wanted to rest...so she cancelled.  
I feel bad. I spoiled the surprise my friend have for their 3rd wedding anniversary this coming Friday 
I feel better today even tho i didn't win the 242million last night 
i feel blah today too.... been sleepy all day.... 
I feel bloated and fat  but whatever I still look good.
I feel bummed coz I mite not go to waterton nxt month w/ my family 
I feel cheated.  Now I wanna work on Girl &amp; Her Yak story to spite the Sandman's shortcomings but I have piles of work to do. CALAMITY!
I feel completely doomed as a historic preservation major in the ability of finding a job in the future. 
I feel confused! 
I feel crappy like Bill... &quot;I WILL LOVE YOU ALWAYS AND NEVER.&quot; 
i feel crushed inside    why me?
i feel depressed about having to go back to school tomorrow 
i feel depressed after the school,,  .. i think i need to go somewhere and enjoy !!!!Â 
i feel depressed for some odd reason....  someone make me feel better
I feel depressed now that all of this is over 
I feel disappointed because the showing of Hannah Montana: The Movie here in the Phil is on July 8, 2009. Urgh!  
I feel disappointed with the results. Everton didn't play like they should 
i feel down the stairs and hurt my ankle 
i feel dumb I had to call my boss for help. I feel dumb, how can I teach independent living if I dont know how to solve clients problems 
I feel empty when not listening to music 
I feel empty. Why is it anything turned up like this? Oh, my God. I can't sleep! I kept thinking of random things...  BIO
I feel entitled to replies. @joshualemmer I need for you to call me back 
I feel extremely alienated from the German government  Just pessimistic about our economic future.
I feel extremely nervous and somewhat offended, @joelyuk DAMN YOU 
I feel fat. and then unbangable 
I feel for the chicks who have musicians as boyfriends/husbands/bffs because this is hard shit to deal with. 
i feel friendless.. more than half of my friends are in florida &amp; the other ones are either too far in distance or work thru the wkends 
I feel fucking horrible! 
i feel gross today 
I feel gross! I ate so much greasy, fatty food today! Blech... 
I feel guilty about not cooking b'fast this morning. I promised my SO pancakes. 
I feel guilty bc I think it's my fault the hard drive died 
I feel gypped, everyone is going to Vegas without me   I want to go too, with these people even. -sigh-
I feel homesick.. even though this is my home now. I miss my friends and I just need to be with them 
I feel horrible - I think I have a flu 
I feel horrible I hope i'm not getting sick. I've had this terrible headache since last night that Tylenol isn't fixing. Neither is soup 
I feel horrible today.... Gotta get better cause I gotta work all day! Help me 
I feel how the blood is getting pumped through my body. Cant move very well today. Want to go outside bt have to be attached to the pump 
I feel hungry...i want hungry jacks  But can't, coz it's fatty food and I've had enough fatty consumption for the week. Sucky
i feel i am pretty bad at english..... 
I feel icky  Exams tomorrow.
I feel ignored  never mind, guess I'll just go then :/
I feel ill  although the kind of ill where I think my brain can cope with myst - so I'll buy the iPhone version
I feel ill again  I'm going to Kate's after town to see her new kittens, excited!
i feel ill guys, got a bad belly and a fever 
I feel ill.  Shouldn't eat that curry+chicken..as i had to reheat it. &gt;_&gt; I'll probably be fine in time
I feel ill...i don't wanna catch another cold 
I feel i'm getting a cold  its time to get up for me . :|
I feel I'm getting sick  NO...I want go to the Terminator premiere and after that dancing at the Prater Dom ;) for FREE!
I feel incomplete...ive lost a part of me! 
i feel intimidated. why?   
I feel it all over 
i feel kinda barfy...   not good... must have been the pancakes and crown combo giving me the worst head&amp;stomachache
I feel kinda outta my depth... only old people (above 22) are using twitter  big sad face
i feel kinda sick. im freeing but im physically hot. 
i feel lame for liking this song  it is over produced but what else can you expect from any band these days
I feel lame-o, a total twissappointment of late. Now anuthr Biz Trip to interfere with tweetlife. 
I feel lazy todayy.. too bad i have a busy schedule  :L
i feel left out  stupid work.
I feel left out, I already have 3.0 and everyone is creaming over it, and I just well can't 
I feel liiiiike crap!! I hope it's just allergies! I need someone to tAke care of me 
I feel like &quot;painting&quot;, too bad I'm single and there is no one to paint with me 
I feel like a 13-year-old girl whenever I listen to @taylorswift13's &quot;Love Story.&quot; But it's so catchy, I can't help but enjoy it! 
I feel like a baby. Not chewing sucks.  Im gonna go try and slurp down some tomato soup. Yum!
I feel like a bad blogger - it's hard keeping up with comments and finding time to visit everyone. 
I feel like a bad mom. I was cutting my iguana's nails, and cut them too short 
i feel like a bright, new t-shirt.. wish i had one. 
i feel like a bum demmit. :| 
I feel like a cheat 
I feel like a crumb for not reading your post till now... 
I feel like a douche bag completely! Why do I say stuff to people that is unneccecary.  FML
I feel like a douchey tree. 
i feel like a hipster standing in the back with my arms crossed, but this band is SOO bad 
I feel like a little kid that just got beat up and had his favorite toy stolen from him... 
i feel like a maccies now  ohh welll
i feel like a mimosa &amp; laying out with a magazine, but its 10 degrees too cold 
i feel like a nerd today.... haha i miss everyone at home... 
I feel like a regular shower isnt gonna cut it...maybe i'll wash my hair too...i was entirely too gone last night 
i feel like a sugar zombie, why did i have to hurt my body for SOMEONE ELSE'S essay! coz i loves my baby brother i guess  blarg
i feel like absolute shittttt and i have a fever now nooo  (don't worry cora i will still come in to work tom unless im like dying haha)
i feel like all i do is work and school.. 
i feel like all I do is work, eat, sleep, class, exercise. repeat repeat repeat. gross 
I feel like an ass. I just spilled all my coffee on the floor of the train... and have nothing to clean it up with. 
I feel like an asshole.  the dog barked which woke the baby which woke everyone.   I need to stop going out while i am still living here.
I feel like an idiot...I can't figure out how to change the little message noise on my blackberry 
I feel like Bella in Breaking Dawn on her honeymoon with the white sheets and huge bed...but minus a hot Edward Cullen 
i feel like Bridget Jones and her wobbly bits 
I feel like brooke right now  i hate today.
I feel like CRAP and i work till 4ish  wish I could just take a nap...
i feel like crap right now and i have one more month of school left  FML HARD
i feel like crap right now. 
I feel like crap!  But at least I got down some velox/spires chatter for my post. That was cool. Just realised spires is an 'aye' sayer :p
I feel like crap, and I still have a headache  At least my new netbook is gonna be here by tomorrow. Something to fucking look forward to.
I feel like crap. 
I feel like crap. Can't breathe, people smoking aren't helping, and I don't want to be working.  bed NOOOW please.
I feel like crap. Sick 
I feel like crap...not going to school tomorrow. 
i feel like cryin but i'm 2 weak...I feel like goin out but i'm afraid 2 be seen this way.  I just wanna stay in my room where it's safe.
I feel like crying  &amp; I want to ask U WHY??? please answer me! broken hearts and last goodbye &lt;333
I feel like crying  Last ever day at my school in a month. Before it gets knocked down and we have to merge with another school 
I feel like crying because I killed a poor dragon fly, because I was scared  R.I.P My Dragon fly friend 
I feel like crying out loud .. Forgive me, iPan and Olga dear  I'll come back tmorrow I'm sure
i feel like crying stupid guy problems for me and my friend!  
I feel like crying, because of the ep. 
I feel like crying. Someone is sitting on quittingforacause.com AND quitforacause.com and the email they listed for WHOIS bounces 
I feel like crying. Without stop. Well, there's nothing new with this feeling. Guess sorrow has been my friend throughout my whole life. 
I feel like curling my hair todayy... But then I'm lazy 
I feel like curling up under the covers with a 6 pound box of velveeta and a spoon. 
I feel like death my body is so sore. 
I feel like death this morning. Why do I have to be at work for 9:45am on a Sunday? 
I feel like death warmed over. Pretty sure i'm not getting out of bed today. 
I feel like death warmed up 
I feel like death worn over today!!! Just need to power through...power power power......pooower 
I feel like DEATH.  My throat hurts.
I feel like death. Didn't get home til 4.30am. Had to take many breaks as we were both losing concentration. A man in front hit a rabbit. 
i feel like death... 
I feel like doing something completely spontaneous and crazy! Today has just been a really boring day.. I wanna meet Quest Crew ! 
I feel like doing something, but my head hurts 
i feel like drinking a moka!!!  it's kinda late to get one now... it is 11.18pm  
I feel like eating Miso Butterfish, but I think Kabuki is probably closed already 
I feel like everybody is at JayZ and Em's show except me...I love hovaaaaa 
I feel like flying off somewhere. It's been a month since my last trip... 
I feel like garbage. I hate being sick. I also hate being stuck working while sick. I'm losing my voice. 
I feel like going out and doing some serious partying tonight! If only I had someone to go with! 
I feel like going someplace to write and draw, but everything around here closes at around 9pm.  Boo.
I feel like hanging out my friends 
I feel like hitting up the beach day afeter day after day  sigh- I wish.
I feel like i am the only one at woul today. Noone i know is at work today. 
i feel like i didnt get n e thing accomplish today 
I feel like I got run over by a bus.  I thought I would feel better by now.
I feel like I gots a cold 
i feel like i have a 20 pound metal ball attached to my spine 
I feel like I have a A H1N1 virus.  )
I feel like I have a collapsed lung... Also convinced I'll walk into college tomorrow to find it empty and will look a right prat 
I feel like i have a hangover... But i didn't really drink alot last night. 
I feel like I have an exercise hangover today: everything aches and I feel exhausted. Today is going to be a long day as well... 
I feel like I have betrayed Kiki and Lala  Sorry, they MADE ME hug Hello Kitty .. I swear!!
i feel like i have let tom down  comeooon people vote for him! @tommcfly deserves to be the twitter king!
I feel like I have no one to comment.  Want me to comment on your blog? Let me know!
I feel like I have the Swine Flu. 
I feel like I have to throw up. 
i feel like i just wanna cry :'( this is the saddest day of the year so far  (that i can remember)
I feel like i lost my best friend  i knew it was coming we havent talked in months she has a life to live and im an emotionally broke ...
I feel like i lost you 
I feel like I might faint. I am so exhausted. But I can't wait to be with him tonight...I just hope I am awake for it 
I feel like I miss out on everything! 
I feel like I missed a sign sometimes. 
I feel like I missed so much.  Did I miss anything big?
i feel like i need to puke 
I feel like I never tweet anymore.  I miss you guys.
I feel like I should have a hang bag or a fanny pack when I walk these dogs 
I feel like I slept in a gutter! feel sooo rough this morning 
I feel like I want to cry. I was totally expecting for my tech guy to fix my PC today. No suck luck, maybe tomorrow. 
i feel like i was punched in the arm 
I feel like I'll never go to the beach this summer under the blistering sun   http://twitpic.com/7jk9p
I feel like I'm about to pass out, and I've stilll got another 4 hours of this. Someone please switch places with me. 
I feel like I'm being picked last for kick ball  what's wrong with me? Its cause I'm black isn't it?
I feel like I'm being punished for something I didn't even do! 
i feel like im being shunned because im not who you want to be talking to 
I feel like I'm getting sick again. I was sick for 2 weeks last time, man. 
i feel like im going to cry. nothing is going right. someone text me  gonna go make cookies for josh &amp; chris i guess
i feel like i'm going to faint. i wish i hadn't left my burger at home 
i feel like im going to fucking just die. URRRRGHHHHH. fail fail fail faaaaail 
I feel like im going to get raped in this dark parking lot 
i feel like im going to throw up 
I feel like i'm gonna puke  ...2 more hours of work
i feel like im gonna throw up 
I feel like I'm in a funk... 
i feel like im loosing more than my best friend 
i feel like i'm not ready for it.. ooh it's sad i think  i'm gonna miss my school.. this is evening must be great!!!
I feel like I'm on alott of drugs 
I feel like I'm outside looking in. 
i feel like im sick...damn that sucks! 
I feel like i'm the one who was partying last night. Still haven't gotten to sleep and my head feels swimmy. 
I feel like I'm the only one in Lubbock with a Twitter 
I feel like im the only person in the world who has heard jay z's &quot;death of autotune&quot; 
I feel like im using you, but I cant help it. I'm a horrible person. 
I feel like I've been at work FOREVER! Ready to go home and LIVE... working is NOT LIVING 
I feel like ive been hit by a tonne of bricks. really upset all of a sudden. 
I feel like i've been neglecting my twitter fam  I've just been soooo busy with moving and then my old apartment was broken in2 &amp; trashed
i feel like i've had pieces of wood shoved under my fingernails....oh wait i have 
I feel like I've hit rock bottom. Doesn't feel like there is any light at the end of the tunnel. 
i feel like ive made some mistakes and given someone a bad, wrong impression and now im scared of wat that person thinks of me 
I feel like just going out and take a walk but look at the time 
I feel like just laying down and crying my eyes out  Refinnyj &lt;&gt; Mat1234
I feel like killing myself I just got disconnected from the finale of Dead Air 
I feel like last night was a dream... Well I guess I should say nightmare. 
I feel like life is becoming so meaningless. It's starting to feel like an endless cycle. I need to break out of the cycle. 
i feel like listening to Deathstars this morning ... i want a  band tee sooo baddd 
i feel like miss something inside but dont know what it is... 
I feel like my arms are short :s I dnt have enough room on my body to do everything I want to 
I feel like my entire body is breaking down 
I feel like my foot is gonna be swollen like this forever 
i feel like no matter how much i sleep, i'm still tired 
I feel like one! 
I feel like people are wanting me to choose. 
I feel like poop cuz i have had a fever since yesterday 
I feel like poop. I just want the day to be over 
I feel like ranting...but I'm just gonna stick in my ipod on go on... 
I feel like Samantha when she was living in LA with Smith. I'm going crazy without my bffs in Memphis 
i feel like shat,my head hurts and i wanna hurl.ugh 
I feel like shiat this morning  fun night though &lt;33
I feel like shit  tumtum hurts and head does too
I feel like shit cause I couldnt sleep last night and went to sleep at 320 n bk up at 6  soooo tired!!!
i feel like shit from last nighttt 
i feel like shit right now  aghhhhhh!!
I feel like shit. 
I feel like shit.  and this room is always really cold 
I feel like shit. I have so much to do tomorrow 
I feel like shit. Still sick 
I feel like shit.... 
I feel like shit..... 
i feel like shizzzzzzzz  thats horrible , cant sleep though, not tired.
i feel like sleeping in all day, but cant 
I feel like snackin myself but I gotta go all the way to the first floor I'm on floor 3 
I feel like some form of sweet chilli garlic bread pizza, like what they make up at Luigi's...but they are closed 
I feel like someone is grabing my throat from the inside... my throat feels swolen 
I feel like such a bitch for not saying my last goodbye to the only guy who was nice to me... 
I feel like such a bitch right now 
i feel like such a creep without my vehicle!!!!  makes me not wanna go anywhere!!!!!!!
i feel like such a dramatic little girl. ugggggghhhh i just want a hug 
I feel like such an earth-killer today 
I feel like such an emo waste of skin. 
I feel like summer is dying and becoming amazing simultaneously, I'm gonna miss my Swedes so, so much. 
I feel like that Ashlee Simpson song &quot;you're just giving it all, giving it all away..&quot; 
i feel like the fat kid  i'm so sick of my body.
i feel like the only way i will be able to meet @jonasbrothers is if im famous  bc they dont know who is really their friend.
I FEEL LIKE THE WHOLE SINGAPORE IS PLAYING SIMS3 AND I'M NOT 
I feel like the word &quot;Stupid&quot; is written on my forehead in BIG bold letters for everything I go through for you at times 
I feel like the worst baker in the history of the world 
I feel like there is a cloud in my head.. I'm all stuffy.. 
i feel like this has been happening every weekend  i need to slowwwww it down. off to work soon:/ bummer. totes love work on saturday!
i feel like throwing up again!  i don't want to go to cheerleading cuz im sick 
I feel like throwing up! I'm so nervous!!!! 
I feel like time is just slipping by without notice.     This saddens me. I need more time.
I feel like today is going to be filled with faggotry.  
I feel like total shit sick!  
I feel like utter shit  I kinda wish I never got drunk last night (N)
i feel like watching daria 
I feel like watching Marie Antoinette...too bad i'm at work  I'm in need of shopping,pastries and some fun.
I feel like watching twilight Wish I had it 
I feel like we didnt know before.. Huuuh any wrong with you? Or it just my feelings? 
I feel like writing a story, but don't actually have any ideas  could try that again with that one i lost.
i feel like writing but my current story is on the computer my mom is using 
I feel like...watching an &quot;old classic&quot;. The problem is, I don't know what one to watch 
i feel loads better now iv slept more lol but i also feel tired now 
I feel lonely 
I feel lonely 2night 
I feel lonely, I miss home.... 
i feel lonely, left out, abandoned, thrown away like an empty memory. I realized I have no friends to lean on to 
I feel lonely. 
i feel lonely.. can someone visit?   
I Feel Lonely... 
I feel lost now that football seasons finished no sunday league game 2 get up for and no footy on telly 2 watch 
I feel lost without my apple remote... 
I feel lyk my energy is all drained out  thnk u zirah 4 da invitation! &amp;&amp; thank you my tweety for sharin my pain! Love you ppl!
I feel more sorry for the guy who just lost his hair piece in the wind tho.  . . .  *funny* 
I feel much smarter after 2 solid hours of reading something other than fic, now noming cheesecake... but my bbs are not in sight 
i feel naked without my picture 
I feel naked without my watch. 
I feel nauseous  Not good
I feel Nautious. Me and Jen drove around going to different Salons to check EMPLOYMENT, lol. And I'm nautious still from the car ride. 
I feel neglected....  #sad
I feel not excited..  Sorry guys, I didn't mean for that to happen..
I feel oddly as though I should be apologizing to people arriving in New England for the crap weather. 
I feel okkk but just the stuffy nose blowss mines 
I feel old and gross . 
I feel oober nauseous 
I feel pathetic for waiting on your emails. I think I need to stop caring so much because it really makes me feel stupid. 
I feel poopy  I need more sleep time
I feel pretty crappy 2day my asthma sucs &amp; I just don't feel good.. 
I feel quite sick now. and quite nervous again 
I feel really bad for not going with my mummy to work  I am such a lazy fucker! why?!
i feel really bad i just talked to my parents like they were my slaves, and they were being so nice to me  punish me.
I feel really bad right now... 
i feel really bummed out now.  
i feel really empty now. like i lost something that cant be replaced. 
I feel really horrible &amp; akward dancing around in the kitchen  I seem to have lost my dancing skillz 
i feel really lonely right now 
I feel really lousy. Going to Proctor 1st care. 
I feel really odd now. I think i'm falling sick. I feel like there is a fish bone stuck in both sides of my body and it keeps rippling. 
I feel really reallly sick 
I feel really really really sick.  dang it
I feel really really sick!  I hate throwing up! Uggh I neeed sleep
I feel really sick 
I feel really sick and can't work out why! 
I Feel really sick and dizzy 
I feel really sick but I can't sleep! 
I feel really sick.  but loling bc we suck at taking group pics. I look high and I'm not and I forgot how to smile lolz
i feel really sick. imma find where dance is now and try not to die 
I feel really sickkk 
i feel really very tired and weary... think im gonna be sick 
I feel really weird! I dunno what it is   Not good
I feel robbed... I didn't know Stereophonics were on here 
I feel rubbish today 
I feel sad &amp; demoralised  #badmeeting
i feel sad 2day 
I feel sad and empty on the inside 
I feel sad and lonely and I miss Kyle 
i feel sad because Betis is now in the 2Âº spanish league... i'm not a betisfan but..i feel sad 
i feel sad because i am craving 90210 but the season if finished 
i feel sad because i am craving 90210 but the season is finished 
I feel sad because I have uttered a bad word today. I did not mean it. God, please forgive me. 
I feel sad but for a very stupid reason. 
i feel sad for mike tyson. what a tragedy  http://raymond-reviews.blogspot.com
I feel sad now ... alone ... i don't know exactly !!!  but i will be happy !!! let's play a song!!!
i feel sad, because he got fever today 
I feel sad. I just wrote up all the information the new vice-president of Skunks ultimate will need to know. I don't want to hand-over 
I feel sad. I wanted to talk to my friend. I called her but she wasn't there. 
I feel sad.. I don't know how am I able to contribute enough for the #UTG for #anoop... 
I feel shafted... @smilelaughitsme hasn't given me her new number 
i feel shaky. yay for coffee 
i feel show depriveddd. 
I feel sicckkkk  come home cus of it, urghhh.
I feel sick     I don't wanna get sick at last week of school!!!!!!!! Im sad and I feel bad cuz I'm sick!!.......................waa
I feel sick   ..maybe I should've gotten some sleep.
I feel sick  ate too much
I feel sick  but I'm super excited for what's going on today. Soon I'll be able to say it ;)
i feel sick  gonna go watch a movie, maybe. big brother's graduation tomorrow @ templeuniversity !
i feel sick  I hate being in bed all day
I feel sick  no more food and yager 
i feel sick  thanks band kids.
i feel sick  uqhh. today was a waste of an outfit man.
I feel sick  Woke up at 3am and couldn't get back to sleep
I feel sick all of a sudden 
I feel sick and a little stomach pain for me 
i feel sick and gross.  GOOD EVENING PEPTO
I feel sick and gross....I need a hug 
i feel sick and i have a bug bite. not good  sreeeep time day off tomorrow!
i feel sick and i just want someone to take care of me 
i feel sick and i just want to go home and sleep 
I feel sick from my sandwhich 
I feel sick in my stomach just ate a huge pack of #Twisties and now I'm full but sickly full :S 
I feel sick to my stomach  *BeautifulyLost
i feel sick today i cant eat any food all i have had is a cookie at lunch time 
I feel sick today...hope I'll be able to come to work 
I feel sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can't get to sleep   ;(
i feel sick, and there are so many things i need to do right now. 
i feel sick, i dont wanna go to college tommorow 
I feel sick, i feel hung over, I am hungry and i can smell thick gravy O_O ... yummmy 
i feel sick.  im going to bed early
I feel sick.  Not allergies which it seemed weird for me to have them recently, I never do in the spring, but this feels like pure ick.
I feel sick. Apparently my system isn't used to having a McSpicy burger every day 
I feel sick. I think I've eaten too much 
i feel sick.. and i want HIM to text me 
I feel sick... Tuna sandwiches have done something to me... 
I feel sickkkkk  Chemistry is killing me  I can't do it anymoreee 
I feel sickkkkk  Im going to bed now.
I feel so alone right now. 
I feel so awkward. 
I feel so bad because I was ignoring all of my IM's on AIM and then I went out and broke hearts  I ddnt mean to ignore you guys, I wasbord
I feel so bad for @PerezHilton. He did NOT deserve that 
I feel so bad for dad. He's fixing my car in the panera parking lot when he could be sleepin right now 
I feel so bad for Danielle, she has an itchy rash 
I feel so bad for Jon and Kate  I hope they work things out
I feel so bad for Jon and Kate.  It makes me so sad   I teared up last night when they announced their separation ;_;
I feel so bad for my doggy..she's miserably sick, shaking and all.  
i feel so bad for my mom no one should have to go through that. and even better on mothers day. fhl 
I feel so bad for the old man  the girls amazing!!
I feel so bad for the people on the air france flight that &quot;dissapeared&quot; this morning over the Atlantic 
I FEEL SO BAD I DON'T KNOW WHAT I DID 
I feel SO BAD in respect of that 
i feel so bad right now 
I feel so bad when people I really like get so upset 
i feel so bad, it's #follow wednesday &amp; nobody's shouted me out yet 
i feel so betrayed  i couldnt stop crying for so long,thank you ginger for helping me
i feel so bored ? where are u ? 
I feel so bored and feel like my life is meaningless in many ways 
I feel so Butthurt coz me and my friend Ha had a arguement 
I feel so cold  yeah so going to HJs mmmmm bacon delux
I feel so crap and stupid. I wanna cry. 
I feel so crappy right now, I have like a fever but no one but me can feel it, coughing, etc. Very tired. 
I feel so damn lazy  I fell back asleep and it's now 11 O.o
I feel so damn sick now 
I feel so detached I'm going through tweetrawls 
I feel so disgusting. Went to concert and don't get to shower until morning. 
I feel so dumb because my host  so smart at all this site stuff and I don't know that much! 
I feel so exhausted .... Mentally n physically  I miss my mommy so much 
I feel so exhausted... I'm never staying up until 1 am watching dumb movies with my husband again! Okay, I will - 
I feel so far from my best friends .... I wish things were like they used to be 
i feel so fat, i ate subway then a bag of honey soy and chicken big paket of chips and a pizza 
I feel so freakin sick right now! 
i feel so full up 
I feel so golden. I heart the sun. I'm a tropical girl at heart. I just happened to be born in ohio 
I feel so green to not be able to put a pic up. 
i feel so guilty... She will never trust me again 
i feel so healthy... i just had an apple for lunch..!!  xxx
I feel so helpless when I see so many brave people protesting in Iran while I'm safe inside my home. I wish I could help 
I feel so horrible that I haven't posted anything recently, but I am so busy with finals and my thursday finals sadly fall on my b-day 
I feel so humiliated...  sad sad sad
I feel so ill  I feel like I've got a golf ball in my throat and have been knocked over the head with a hammer
I feel so ill  think im coming down with flu or something.
I feel so ill  Think it's all because of my tooth 
i feel so ill, i think i'm allergic to frosted shreddies  dance exam sooooooooon
i feel so ill. i don't like it 
I feel so lazy but i cant bring myself to get out of bed because that means homework time 
I feel so lazy!! I ate bad and didn't work out! Bad girl!!! 
i feel so left out i only have 518 tweets. 
I feel so lonely 
i feel so lonely somehow 
i feel so mean, im so plastic to her ..  i shouldn't be like this.
I feel so much better today!  I wish we had the internets so I could share my pictures with you all 
I feel so neglected... She didnt cut my sammich today... 
I feel so out of the loop without my cellphone 
I feel so out of touch with the world! I haven't been able to read gossip blogs, tumblr, Twitter or the news. 
I feel so overwhelmed, hoping I can get all this work done  @squarespace please make this day better #squarespace
I feel so refreshed after my shower. I'm calling it a night. I don't like being grumpy in the morning I get called names 
I feel so restless   I'm in love with this girl but she sees me only as an older brother type...
I feel so restless.  bored
I feel so rough  not cool
I feel so sad today after reading and anti-american email saying the people killed 9 11 deserved to die for it was priest who said it. 
I feel so secluded.... Noone will stay in the room with me for fears of getting sick 
i feel so shit right now, i woke up and baked cupcakes and haven't done ANYTHING beneficial to my academic side of life. i hate myself. 
I feel so SHITTY  I had to walk home from school in the rain after a prefects meeting. I'm all cold and wet...not.fun.
i feel so sick   ugh! and tired but i just slept for 3 hours. fml
I feel so sick  and I miss people too much 
i feel so sick  its the flu but not the swine kind...i wish there was such a thing as Wine flu, that could work!
I feel so sick for some reason or another...ugh! And it's so pretty outside 
I feel so sick right now. WTF? 
I feel so sick today  maybe its all that ice-cream I eat to breakfast xD Need to clean my room and work out!&quot;#ï¿½ pic on the blog, reaaaad
I feel so sick today.  Maybe that muffin wasn't as good for me as I thought it was...?
I feel so sick! Got the  the shakes this morning 
I feel so sick, I literally wanted to cry at work, everything was just spinning  , very nice eye candy x)
I feel so sick. Off to school. 
i feel so sik  my throat feels like burnt toast =( and my nose is liek a dripping tap :'(
i feel so slow &amp; lame 
I feel so so sick - please don't be the flu 
I feel so so so crap all of a sudden. I thought these unstoppable mood swings had gone 
i feel so so so sweaty 
I feel so sorry for that guy on This Morning, I really really do! 
I feel so tired and exhausted today - feels like I didn't sleep at all tonight  
I feel so tired... 
i feel so torn....the rangers beat the red sox 
I feel so unpopular on twitter.  
i feel so unwanted in some cases  @x0Stopthtx095 gosh u and ur stalker friend.. hes probably from school thats how he got your number
I feel so urgh 
i feel so used 
I feel so used  Stupid boy
I feel so useless 
I feel so useless, I feel like I'm watching my friend getting hurt over and over again... I wish I could help her 
i feel so very flat 
i feel so violated....... 
i feel somewhat better-slept for 12 hrs-But still coughin &amp; have a sore body-i never get sick-last time was 3 years ago. Bubba's tonight 
i feel soo sick it isnt even funnyy  hope school wasnt to boring without me. xxxxxxx
I feel sooo awful   Might just spend tonight tweeting!
I feel sooo crap  so much for going out today 
I feel soooo bad.  hopefully iphone 3.0 in 22 minutes will make me feel better!
i feel soooo damn exhausted 
I feel soooo inefficient today 
I feel soooo sick and I have no idea why 
i feel sooooo happy but my foot just fell asleep 
I feel sorry for Chuck now, with the &quot;Carmichael&quot; dream.  #chuckmemondays
i feel sorry for hatton, guess hes just not that good.  hopefully mayweather will fare better
I feel sorry for homeless people. 
i feel sorry for kristen, her twitter acount got hacked  i hate hackers &gt; so she had to make a whole new one awwwww poor thing
I feel sorry for Lady Gaga. Miley Cyrus likes her. It's too bad, soon - Lady Gaga will be raped by Miley. Not again... 
i feel sorry for my housemates all revising  about to start some work of my own. boooooring. cant wait for the 12th may 
I feel sorry for Safina now 
I feel sorry for the missing Air France plane.. Hope everything will be sorted out very soon. 
I feel sorry that Patti Blago has to do this for cash. You can tell she's not into this. Poor Patti 
I feel super guilty but I was starving and ended up going to jack-in-the-box.  There goes all the calories I burned during spin class.
i feel super lame being home tonight 
I feel ten times worse than I did yesterday 
i feel terrible for all eight of those adorable gosselin children 
i feel terrible for Rob Pattinson... i love him but poor bloke cant have a life ! just saw pics of him being hounded in NY 
I feel terrible for the families of the AirFrance flight. 
I feel terrible this morning.... I have a cold, soar throat, and a fever... I want to go home   
I feel terrible! Im so congested! 
i feel terrible. i forgot bailee's birthday two days ago 
i feel terrible. shudnt have talked in the first place 
i feel terrible.. i am definitely sick. 
i feel terrible...so bad night now.I hate letting people down... 
i feel terribly exhausted and this is only day 3 
I feel terribly ill, i've felt this way all day. 
I feel that Nov 20th is to far to wait for the new moon to come out 
I feel there is 500 kgs of food in my stomach..feeling sick  http://myloc.me/5exf
I feel tired  and don't wanna go to QU!  Good Morning Tweets.
I feel tired today , i`m not going to Gym 
i feel tired.. i dont wanna go to school tomorrow.. 
I feel tremendously ill. 
i feel u! Can't say I've been doin the same  Need to go out this weekend and get away from the mic. &quot;It just keeps callin me&quot;
I feel utterly out of your loop. 
i feel very childish for saying this, but my arm hurts from my shot this morning 
I feel very disappointed  maybe this finished -.-
I feel very ill 
i feel very ill. i think im dehydrated 
I feel weak and have a head ache 
I feel weird, my throat is soar  mabye i should stop smoking?...................Na LOL
I feel weird??? I REFUSE to be on the phone late tonight (past 11pm) I don't want mum to keep getting mad at me 
I feel worn out and it's only Tuesday 
I feel worse than yesterday. Sore throat, then I got this bad cold!  Going to bed before this gets worse.
I feel worthless 
I feel yucky because my stomach cramp so bad. 
i feel.....................BLEHH! im tired and sick and my tummy hurts  hmmm
I feel...rough. This always happens after exams. I cant bring myself to move and i feel ery nauseous  PLEASE clear up for prom tomorrow!
I feeling well rough! coverd in vix,smells good,but not working!feel like i'm in an oven! since when did swine flu affect none mortal me 
I feell ill for some reason 
I feels soo much later then noon. Ahah. On the beach, waitin for Jer to get done bowling on the other coast and come home  I miss him.
I feelso ill today.my back and neck is killing me.my feet are hurting.i've got a banging headache.Plus I'm nackered!  had 20mins of sleep!
i feen neglected! i aint get no shout out when i finally found you (( @purplepleather and we go wayy back  sniff im havin a kelly durin
I fel monged. Good night out though! Danced with @bethan, saw @evieoconnor drunker than I ever have but @gemimaheggs didn't cry though 
I fell and hit me head on a wall  Im too clumsy!!
I fell asleep  I hope jojo's revising and  not playing the sims 3...
i fell asleep at 5 and just woke up. I'm fucked for the rest of the night and will never fall asleep again. 
I fell asleep at work because it's so dead. I've been here since 9 and don't leave til 8. Save me! 
i fell asleep during burn after reading  shows how boring it was!
i fell asleep on fabian..TWICE! i fail 
I fell asleep on the couch  oh well it was still solid sleep.
I fell asleep one food  I think two of my friends might be mad at me and I really love them. My knee is getting better I think
I fell asleep with my makeup on 
I fell asleep, and everyone decided to leave me and go explore.  At least I have a view...
i fell asleep, so lowyatt was a no-go. 
I fell asleep.now ill probly be up for a while 
I fell backwards onto my phone... and the screen was crushed, now I have to get a new one... I wasn't budgeting for that 
I fell because I am a clumsy clumsy girl. 
I fell in kickball and have a massive raspberry on my ass 
i fell in love with the wedges i saw earlier in Bandar today! i want it so bad! tapi... we were running late tadi. sighhhh 
I fell like im going to throw up and die 
i fell off a pony at the fair... 
i fell off my bike again 
I fell off my board...  I ripped my pants... 
I fell off my sisters bed  it hurt tehe
I fell out of bed and grazed the top of my foot this morning 
I fell so bummed rite now.  i cant go to sway sway vid filming nooooo!
i fell so seek !!!!! 
i fell so sorry for them... 
I fell up some stairs and it really hurt  but then I saw elora danan so it made it much better.
I fell up the stairs. 
I fell. Very badly, my arm is very sore and so is my knee 
I felt a million dollars last night but afterwards the car journey made me feel a millon pains  Damn car sickness
I felt bad about promotion for Mcdonalds.. I know im not really famous, but at least I'm a defending champion   
I felt better yesterday than I do today. 
I felt kind of bad for Dave Navarro. It was pretty chilly out, and he didn't have a shirt to wear.   Someone should buy him a shirt.
I felt kinda bad buying it bc Viva Glam didn't carry it  but it went with there line. Maybe I'll write them!
I felt ''left out'' in school a while ago ... 
I felt like I almost had no time for myself today, except for some internet browsing this morning  But I did a lot on my project, so yay.
i felt like I don't have a life... being sick makes u feel down. 
I felt like writing something intelligent or witty, but I'm too tired to think of anything...Goodnight to all, and to all a goodnight 
I felt so domesticated today washing duanes uniforms. I kinda liked it. Haha. I miss him 
i felt so super sick yesterday... 
i fergot to charge my fone last nite, so now it's about to go low on battery! 
I figured I had a pretty good generic blogger blog scraper, and pointed that at @louisgray's blog. No comments! WHY? 'coz he used Disqus 
i figured it out!!! yay!! too bad ur not awake   lol
I figured out where my wallet is.  I threw it away, now I have to wait until tomorrow to see if the garbage was picked up. 
i fill like shit and i can't talk i hate being ill and iv been in the houes for 3 days now im going crazy HELP ME 
I fill sorry for Mike tyson's daughter ):she was only 4yrs old. I am sorry !! 
I finally back in a &quot;Lotus Notes Up&quot; situation.  Guess I have to go back to work now 
I finally did it. But I do so hate ruining someone's day. I guess that's just one more to add to this week. 
I finally figured why it's called last.fm! Because it's the LAST time I listened to (F)ree (M)usic!! 
I finally find a pointing device I like for my job... and it's $200  http://bit.ly/lYXR6
i finally finish my homework. school in 30 minutes. 
I finally finish working  And i'm actually hungry. I planned to watch Absolute boyf at 11.3OPM 
I finally found iPod headphones that are meant for apple. they're madddd loud. 2 days 
I finally found the phone I was looking for! it's called the Samsung Impression. it's mad good but expensive 
I finally gave into nadia's ridiculous demands for me to get twitter.  I feel dirty.. 
I finally get on chat and everyone is gone 
I finally got decent at the Uncharted 2 Beta.  I had a great time playing with @fleshribbon last night.  I enjoyed his grenade in my face 
i finally got the living enviornment regents out of the way. now summer vacation has really started. didnt get to see my cuzins today 
I finally received a comment on my blog...it was spam 
i FINALLY saw Star Trek! it was awesome but I am already miserable again 
i finally understand y i never could choose a career, the career i wanted just didnt exist   i wanna be a ghostbuster, how sad lol
I finally watched it!! but the famous pool party will be on season 6 I guess?  sad that I'll have to wait long time for it.
I FINALLY WROTE AND UPLOADED.  I'ma attempt to go to bed, I have to be out of the house by 6:30 tomorrow 
I find I'm using the stroke nib as my main one on the Intuos4. Better feel... and the black nibs seem to be made of butter now.  
I find it a little sad that I'm now more used to the UK keyboard layout then the Swedish layout... 
I find it depressing that ppl want me to dance to &quot;sex on fire&quot; 
I find it hard to accept the fact that I can NOT lick my elbow. 
I find it really hard to be mean. No, I'm not a nice person... I just really don't know how to be mean. 
I find it silly that you have to pay for iPod Touch updates, but not for iPhone updates 
I find it very fitting that as soon as I want to get my measurements finished in a hurry, my samples turn into perfect bastions of high Q 
I find my book in the food books section and not the photo section because it has some recipes  I'm not happy
i find my english is very very very poor 
I find this work thing very depressing when the sun is shining &amp; I have to spend the whole day staring out the window! 
I find weekends awfully short.  I want to retire.  
I finished all the Twilight books in about a week. I am kind of sad now...I didn't want it to end 
I finished my bio exam 45 mins early. This is me bored.     http://twitpic.com/7jmnw
i finished my novel 
I finished my Spanish outline! Now I have 2 record and create a VIDEO en espanol! Yea- due by Thurs! Now I have 4 papers to write &amp; edit 
I finished my weekend nursing shift, and I was hoping to study for ACS but fell asleep. I'm toast!  http://bit.ly/9cXxm
i finished packing and sorting out old clothes XD i have stomache ache though 
i finished paying my car about a month or two ago &amp; it now needs a new motor - what a bummer 
I finished proofreading and fixing my reports!   Oh, I hope they do not return to me when others read them.  
I fink i hafta drop by Kinukuniya when its open. Borders doesnt haf the last watch 
i firmly believe the worst part of the working day is waiting for public transport - so boring. 
I fixed it! Thank you to @HeatherCarpente @mattsinclair for the help! I learned I just can't center anything or it will get buggy 
I fixed my internet. Now fix my heart. 
i flossed and brushed but it still feels like chunks of meat are stuck in my teeth. 
I follow ron stolero bet he doesnt follow me 
I forget that Torchy's, although delicious, requires too much waiting and $. 15 min and $6 for two tacos 
I forget what I'm suppssed to do today  help?
I forgot about #uncubicled after I got off work 
i forgot about meeting up with a friend today 
i forgot about my twitter  i do not want to write this lab report at all but i'm excited for new things!
i forgot about the xm radio thing 
I forgot about this friend I have. We used 2 b close..then one day I decided 2 ignore her. she still txts me every few mths w/ a 
I forgot an entire paragraph  I'll write it tomorrow and then remind you all to read it again.
I forgot how important flexibility is in my grand equation.  It really is crucial. No vegetarian cafe in my immediate future  Next! 
I forgot how much I liked the movie Casino Royale. I still hate the ending though 
i forgot how much i liked wall e. now about to watch the last episode of &quot;IT crowd&quot; 
I forgot how much i missed stickam 
I forgot how stressful this job can be at times... 
i forgot how to sleep 
i forgot i have an away tennis match tomorrow. my day off has been ruined.  
I forgot I have to wake up around 9 in the morning for work...crap.  goodnight.
i forgot it was free comic books day 
i forgot it was my parent's anniv today...  now i better make up for it when they come here next week... yikes!
I forgot it was payroll at work today 
I forgot Leonardo Dicaprio circa Titanic is still working in my dad's office. Oh my god. Too bad he has a kid now 
I forgot my #squarespace yesterday 
i forgot my breakfast and lunch that i made last nite...  sucks... i wanted to save money. i gotta make car payments this week too.
I forgot my cell phone at home today, I felt so lost all day 
I forgot my cheeto/coke money today and my tummy is rumbly. I have to remember to carry cash more often 
I forgot my dog koda outside all night last saturday IN THE RAIN!!  I woke up Sunday morning and was like OH NO!!  He was cold n wet 
I forgot my donut on national donut day. 
I forgot my ipod, really missing music 
i forgot my itouch code 
I forgot my jacket! I'm gonna be cold the whole night. 
I forgot my Klean Kanteen at home 
I forgot my laptop with my beau.  text only now
I forgot my Monster Blue on the table this morning... 
I forgot my phone at home 
I forgot my phone charger at home 
I forgot my purse today... now I have to spend lunch fetching it only to not have time to eat.  Boo 
i forgot my running shoEs 
I forgot my sunglasses! Not to happy about the sunshine today   
I forgot my wallet.    I just hope i don't get pulled over.
I forgot no one follows me  yet?!
i forgot people. damnit 
I forgot that at the end of the day, Sony has Team Ico. I need a PS3. 
I forgot that I emailed her that...we were kinda tipsy that night... I remember those days  lol
I forgot that T-Mac even played for the Rockets...SMH 
I forgot the charger for my BlackBerry at home   Let's see how long I can make a half-charged battery last.
I forgot the funeral is the day after the wake  Was up early (asleep around 3:00) writing blog posts', emailing start-ups.
i forgot the other L but yeah no cobra or all time low if i dont get this grade up 
I forgot to bake my bread (gluten free) so now need to stay up until 2am waiting for it to cook 
I forgot to blare JoCo's &quot;First of May&quot; on May 1st. 
i forgot to bring my jacket again... it's freezing cold at the office and i'm sitting right under the air conditioning 
i forgot to bring my lunch today 
I forgot to bring the graduation present for the student I work with  Thankfully she lives 1 block away from me, drop it off later.
I forgot to charge my ipod last night   I'll have to wait until later to play lemonade tycoon.
I forgot to do #ff and now it's saturday! Forgive me. 
I forgot to eat cookies at the barn today  Travesty!
I forgot to finish my homework due yesterday  #blameneolib
I forgot to followfriday @bobwoodcock @tokaino @fuckimtwitting and  @ElleMishell of course  boo me
I forgot to go to lunch today. I worked right thru 
I forgot to hide my box of chocolates.  Since last Saturday the whole box has been finished off by my sister 
I forgot to hide my box of chocolates. Since last Saturday the whole box has been finished off by my sister  #gripe
I forgot to post that they left four hours ago 
i forgot to put lotion on my legs before i left 
I forgot to put on earrings....hate when I do that 
I forgot to put on flip flops 
i forgot to put on my engagement ring today. shame on me 
I forgot to put something for my 400th tweet :| 
I forgot to say &quot;'Night Twits&quot; last night ... I fell asleep on the couch quite suddenly ... I have a crick in my neck.    Good mornin' ...
I forgot to stretch yesterday and now I'm banished from toys for 5 days as punishment 
I forgot to take nissy along with me. 
i forgot to tell my daddy happy father day!! and even didnt get him something  bad daughter shame on me
I forgot to tell ya'll I was back!!!! Ya'll didn't even worry bout me!!!! 
i forgot to watch chelsea lately 
I forgot to watch Masterchef.  Must watch catch up tomorrow.
I forgot to write 400th tweet  At 417 now, oh well...
I forgot to write my RJ again. 
i forgot today was the 6th.... 
I forgot what I wanted to say. That really sucks.  I just became a ninja on Free Realms. Haha. 'Life of Pi' ke.. http://tinyurl.com/mogot7
I forwarded an email about a cool science event in Canberra, and a friend thought it was in Sydney and trekked out to the wrong place 
i found a beautiful location a while ago, i go today to check it out again, and all the flowers had died 
I found a bernese cross labrador puppy and now I want it. Its disgustingly cute (and disgustingly expensive too)  
i found a bruise on my arm ugh 
I found a bug in my work   It's better to catch it yourself than for someone else to find it &amp; far better than it never being found though
i found a cool blogger template site but it keeps timing out on me   I really want a new layout for my blog! A cool looking one...
I found a cup of milk left in my room for days. It's disgusting! It smells horrible 
I found a free coupon to the vapor lounge but it expired in January 2008 
i found a horse leg in our yard!  neighbor put it there! i was really mad at them
I found a kickass jacket in my closet, my uncle said it's a belgium army jacket circa 1991-92, to bad it's too big 
I found a sick-looking geko. I think he's on the brink of death. only a baby... I'm crying 
i found cereal in my cereal.    think i'll move to Australia.
I found her! But will not follow.... 
I found it really difficult to leave my warm and soft bed in the morning. Even in the hot day 
i found my glasses so now i can see! whoo hoo! also, i'm sad because tommarrow i don't have gov with @RachelRage and @CiaoCalifornia 
I found my MADDEN '08!  in '09  ...oh well, I say Old is New Again!
I found my scans.  But they're not the way I wanted them 
I found old pictures i did not want to see. 
I found out I have another large cyst on my ovary but blood filled vs fluid filled. Chances of having my ovary removed are getting higher 
I found out my kitten died. 
I found out that the HSC clashes with my 18th birthday...no partying for me 
I FOUND OUT THAT THEY PAY THE WHITE CHICK MORE THAN ME  WHY?? I DONT KNOW!!! WHAT SHOULD I DO???
i found out they removed support for F# from vs2008 was planning to use  no way to run mono on windows  ..day of sorrows
I found out today that two of my friends' realtive was on the Air France plane. So sad 
i found someone who beats me (by a little) in Guitar Hero.  this is such a sad week for little po.
i found the birthday card my brother gave me for my birthday, it says 'to my beautiful sister' on the front. he can be cute sometimes. 
I found this picture ov joe i aint seen before but i cant link use 
i found u u took me n i dont wanna miss u again 
i fractured my wrist 
I frakking hate the Da Vinci Code.
i freak out when i have to plan big things.  i spend too much energy making sure everyone else is happy.  ..i forget about myself.  
I freaked out 'cause I thought school was on the 8th na. ) That was so going to ruin my MS thing. 
I freakin miss okinawa... awww 
I freakin` miss him. 
I freaking hate work .. Especially on thursday morning 
I FREAKING MISS @jasinooo. i can't believe you were here the entire week and i only saw you once! what the hell man 
i freaking ran into the corner of a table  OUCH ! another bruise for me , yay -_-
I freed myself from the lol quizbot before I took the perfect lover test.  
I frickin hate hayfever.... ugh...... 
i fucked up .. ugh  i hope he doesnt hate me T_T
I fuckig hate tornados. Freakig out crying hyper ventaliting 
I fuckin hate my parents sometimes...I just want to run away!! 
I fucking hate anger problems. 
I fucking hate Harry Potter.
i FUCKING hate myself fucked up so much tonight i could have been queen...AD KING! of the idiots and stuff orders up. im the hated person 
I fucking hate this day already I woke up too early and had to leave 10 mins after then I hit my head on the car I got icing on my pants 
I fucking hate you twitter! 
I fucking hurt right now. No joke. I can't even move or my whole body feels like acid is being poured onto it 
i fucking love @TheRealClintonM and i publicly appologise 
I fucking LOVE this. And am pissed my DVD was stolen.  â™« http://blip.fm/~7qvu3
I full on missed my 1000th tweet.  I bet it was something about trannys.
i fullly killed myself today in drama. i stood on a chair which was on a step and i flipped off 
I gag too much  my brother pressed into the vain in my wrist and i feel pretty pukey, wtf is wrong with me :/
I gag too much, my dog coughed up some bread and it was soggy and shit and I couldn't eat lunch  pathetic.
I gave a crackhead all my quarters tonight  someone give me some......change?
I gave all i could, i gave everything but you had 2 go ur way nd that road was not for me!!1 
I gave halal food 3 shots to see what the big deal was &amp; I still don't like it (currently passin some serious gas cuz of it  DEATHHHH)
i gave in  haha lets see how long i can keep this up...
I gave in and I'm listening to Ashley Tisdale's leaked album  I really love Tell Me Lies!
i gave in to fuckface AND I AM GOING TO WATCH A (sad) KOREAN SHOW wtf 
I gave in to McDonalds today. Got home with my Coke in hand, only for it to be knocked over, spilled all over my carpet 
i gave this girl i like my from first to last hoodie cuz she was cold. now i can't find her 
I gave up 
I gave up and bit it. 'S gone now 
i gave up on it haha so impatient.. now i wont be able to listen to as much beatles all day tomorrow 
I get 2 preview new Placebo Battle 4 the Sun 2morrow setting myself up 2B disappointed I just can't like the new drummer want Hewitt back 
I get a feeling I am gonna be camping out here in Denver for quite a while 
i get a lie in today! going to schoool at half past though 
I get an F in the Remembering to Tweet course. Maybe an F-. 
I get bad reception in this store. 
I get creeped out everyday - for some reason I always look at the clock at 9:11... very strange! 
I get excited every Sunday as Monday I think I'll get job interview letters/emails, I never do, disappointment &amp; depression then ensues 
I get frustrated watching spicks and specks by myself, no-one can see how good I am at answering questions 
I get my hair done today and i'm so happy about it! Also, tomorrow is the last day I'm watching the puppies. 
I get myself so upset sometimes 
I get off work at 5:30, but I'm still at work &amp; no, it doesn't qualify as overtime 
I get offended wen ppl call me a pig  lol
I get sad sometimes.  
i get sad when boob bots unfollow me.  i'm thinking if i say SEX BOOBS PORN they might come back. SEX BOOBS PORN
I get sad when people unfollow me. 
I get sidetracked so easily, it's pretty sad cause I can never study good. Ughh finals tmmrw 
I get so emo when I stay up past 12  I don't think about it too much but it's still hard sometimes. I'm being as patient as I can...
I get so nervous when I call the radio station! I should know by now that my phone is too slow to be caller #7. 
I get so sad when I'm leaving my brothers place and my niece starts crying because she doesn't want me to leave! The face she makes . . . 
i get so sad when my HAMburger happy meal has cheese on it 
I get spam mails more than real mails,what to do ?       hahahhahahah
i get The Rock and Vin diesel movies mixed up,guilty 
I get to begin packing at 2 am. 
I get to go home a whole 15 minutes early! Yah, this is cause for celebration!!!  &quot;Sigh&quot;
I get to goto Conroe to work all day because one of my coworkers injured himself...hooray.  I get to leave at 6:30am in the morning 
I get to have lunch with writer friends, yay!  But then I still have to finish writing page quota for day 
i get to keep my phone!!!  i think...but i dont get to talk to justin for a week.  A WHOLE WEEK 
i get to see @trent_reznor in concert for the first time tomorrow! (hopefully not the last) dont get to meet him anymore though 
i get to see my cousin tonight, he just got out of jail its gonna be weird but exciting! still depressed bout orlando 
i get to sleep... finally... i miss my bffs 
I get to stay inside all day! Yaaaayerz! 
I get to teach a lab in the fall!!!  Too bad it won't pay for so I can leave the damn taco shack 
I get to tryout two prescription drugs, not one of them are for pain 
I get to work in the morning.... 
i get too suspicious of little stuff, especially when it's night and i think and remember 
I get Twilight and Slumdog Millionaire mixed up 
I give in. I'll start embracing the Beckhams if the English agree to take back their weather 
I give up i cant get it to go anywhere ovr 3fps 
I give up no matter what kind of video I do someone is going to complain. Stop watching if you hate me that bad. IT makes no sense. 
i give up on finding something entertaining... bed? 
I give up on iMovie.  I couldn't figure out anything.  Extremely confusing. But it looks great. 
I give up on spelling  I'm not even drunk now 
I give up on this twitter shit, no one responds to my replies to them!   Peace out!
I give up studying bio. I'm going to fail no matter how hard I study 
I give up too! The worst day in a while! Fuck the military.  Best part of today was finding out hawkeye has a butthole chin.
I give up trying to make a website  I can't come up with ideas! So If you have an Idea send it to me! I am hear to listen!
I give up! No eye liner or mascara it just won't cooperate today 
I give up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I give up, she's not that cute to me anymore.  You guys ruined it for me  too much fussin &amp; debating &amp; whining over pics
i give up. 
I give up. I really don't think that it's ever going to happen. I'm beyond frustration at this point. 
i give up... i don't know how to make my newsletter not show up as spam 
I give you want you, and not ask for anything in return, but I just want hose three words I haven't heard in nearly seven months 
I go back to school tomorrow. booo 
i go for something to eat i'm so hungry 
i go home tommorrow 
I go on holiday in 3 hours and I feel like crap... I'm never ill though 
I go outside for 10 minutes to walk the dog and my hair is at least 3 times as poofy as it was inside. 
I go sleep now...at least imma try to. Going to sleep hungry sucks! I hope my legs still work tomorrow 
I go to my highschool!  XD
I go to the hairdresser   and then to friends for the night  &lt;33 and ugly weather. It's raining. I hate rain!!  I said tomorrow. Bye! :*
I go to the show to McFly in Brazil 
I go to work ._. bye 
I go to work and miss the party pics?    Sad times.
I going to get a chicken sandwich and go be sick at my mama's house. 
i going to go to bed &amp; i failed miserably at booking a holiday  although i do seem to have a new follower. HIGH FIVE. X
i going to the bed, i feel very bad  Take care, not like me :S Hehehe. Xo...
I going to work.  I really don't want to.
i gonna miss you,chin boy 
I gonna sleep in a few minutes, i don't want to. 
i gonna study  but i dont want!
I googled images for Constipated Octopus coz I thought that would look like Kelly Choi but found nothing. 
I googled up remedies for jonzing and reading was one of the suggestions. therefore i'm now reading angels and demons.. it's pretty bunk 
i got 11 followers lastnight. now i dropped down at 6 followers  kiinna sad 
I got 2 dang cogui frogs somewhere within ear shot jockey-ing 4 position outside cogui cogui cogui grrrr  http://myloc.me/2TP1
i got 4 shots  my arms feel terrible
I got 60% on my sis' quiz at fb! I lost a chance to have a free Stick-O! 
I got 99 problems  I'm a lil down. Need 2 stop bein honest and start lying!
I got a *5 book fine  damn it
I got a 73 on my exam for History....  
i got a 'B' in one of my finals! Wtf thought id ace it! 
I got a bad headache &amp; feeling unloved 
I got a Band 4 for ESSA  and seeing that just makes me lose my confidence &lt;/3
I got a book in the mail from someone, but don't know who   I'll have to hunts the internets to figure it out. lol
I got a call earlier today for the Veterinary Hospital. I was told that my cat's ashes were ready to be picked up. She died last Friday. 
I got a call today that the people from te comedy show wanted me to come back...tonight! 
I got a called to say Twilight DVD was in...but can't get it..don't get paided until wednesday... 
I got a chai latte on the way home... Delicious tasty chai. And the A-holes used full cream milk when i clearly said &quot;soy&quot;! ..Destroyed. 
I got a cookie for following @coollike. it wasn't that nice 
I got a cool background i tryed to fine camp rock ne but cant 
I got a feeling today isn't gonna go well if i'm late then I'll have to ask if i can reschedule my presentation 
I got a foil cut  it hurts more than a paper cut!
I got a freaken haircut 
I got a good 8 hours of sleep last night...then why do I feel like I could sleep for 10 more?  
I got a guitar pick at the concert, it was really good only complaint is the sound was bad on the mic and couldn't hear jesse that good  
i got a haircut today...and i don't think you can even tell...i wanted it shorter.. 
i got a haircut, it sucks  watching hulu.
I got a headache, because of the hot climate and my weak body 
i got a heart full of pain..head full of stress...a handfull of anger all held in my chest 
I got a henna two days ago, but now it disappeared. 
I got a huge penis. Oh wait. Nevermind. That was just my hand in my pants 
I got a job and now I want to quit it run the shop.  I have to type up a letter tonight. 
I got a latte from mcd's this morning n my tummy doesn't feel good. They probably used whole milk instead of nonfat 
I got a little formal invitation and everything~ I just need to find a date. 
I got a lot of complements on the dress my sister made but everyone thought prom queen and not Audrey Hepburn 
I got a migraine. 
I got a nasty letter from the nice &amp; friendly people at ASIC today 
I got a new high speed Machine stuffed with latest technology for Development in office but it z crashed now 
I got a new MS Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000. Totally crappy/stiff space bar. Unusable. Back to the store for you.  Cheap crap.
i got a new phone today and new contract but i have to waot till the next bill month for the chznge 
i got a new roommate from J &amp; K whose gonna stay for a few days. Now he's coughing in sleep. I hope he's not carrying swine flu 
i got a new watch, but couldn't find strede 
i got a nice nap again. dreamt of archey again  always. since after the 16 
i got a package from lisbon on friday and now i cant find it anywhere! i forgot where i put it  ABJDNKJDSBJSBGJDF merdeeeeeeeeeee
i got a paper cut  ouch jwb &lt;3
i got a really bad earache  anyone have any cures :?
i got a really cute necklace for a confirmation gift. i'm nervous I'll break the chain. 
I got a really mean @ reply 
i got a realy bad headache 
I got a ridiculous sunburn today. Every time I get burned, all I can think about is the skin cancer I'm inviting. Ugghhhh... 
I got a sad case of the supertired 
I got a serious problem and don't know how to fix it... 
I got a tattoo on my hand now, is that unprofessional?!?! 
I got a thing 4 u if u couldn't tell by now but, I'm not sure of your intentions. 
I got a tiny bit burnt 
I got a ton of homework. 
I got a very overdue bath today, and my hind legs have hair sticking out all over!  The humidity is making my hair too straight 
I got a whole 4.5 hours of sleep last night because for whatever reason, I couldn't fall asleep  I'm sure I'm gonna be feeling the eff ...
i got a word in my mind but figure out how to spell it... 
I got all excited when I heard &quot;up next for the Pirates, Delmon Young&quot;...only to realize there are 2 Delmons playing, we still have ours 
I got all excited when I saw Transformers in the free movie section on On Demand, but it turned out to be a cartoon version. 
i got all happy cuz i got an email from thomas...but it was just an adisson newsletter.  i thought it was a REAL EMAIL! *palm to forehead*
I got an 1890 on the SATs...not bad for cramming in 3 hours of studying the night before haha. And Delpo lost. I put money on him too 
I got an 83  on my test so do i get to skip freshman english or no? 
I got an award, but my parents don't give a shit. 
I got an interview. I don't wanna work in Staples! 
I got an R4!!!! I'm so happy, but I still need to buy a MicroSD card for it 
i got angry wif resi code the other night. got toooooo far to die  havent played it since tuesday... will 2night
I got another suggestion for my car... Timing belt 
i got another whole chapter for spanish to read!  ..i think english, politics and maths come first!!
I got attacked by a door and a wall. Rawr. My face hurts. 
I got back like an hour ago..my phone hates me. 
I got beaten by a 6 year old in chessclub 
I got bit by a mosquito. 
I got bit in the ass 
I got bitched on my a friend of mine who I'm not close to much nowadays 
I got bitten by a Mexican king snake at work today  it wrapped itself around my finger, jerk!
I got blisters @ Strut Your Mutt... they hurt!! 
i got boxed by a lacrosse ball today. 
I got burn from the sun yesterday. ouch 
I got burnt  Ouch.
I got burnt yesterday  and now its reali wet outside  why cant it be sunny!!
i got called a stupid whore from a random 40 yr old gay guy today... 
I got called by an ex's name for the second time in my life 
I got caught in that rain earlier     Yes that was me running through Tribeca!
I got cheese on my butt 
i got coffee grounds in my coffee  french press operator #fail
I got cold and flu - hope its not the swine.... 
I got distracted by myspace, and now my cereal has gone soggy 
i got ditched today kids. someone come play with me 
I got dropped froma coupla ppl that were following me  Damn Detroit Fans!!!
I got Earth 616's Wiley &amp; Maniac vinyls...nothing to play them with 
I got eye twitches this morning thinking about coming to work.  Is that a good sign?  
I got fiber glass in my hand  http://tinyurl.com/m8nl8q
I GOT FOOD POISONING FROM ARBYS i puked up half of me 
I got hacked  i miss you mom. Others i'm at jesus culture for a few days
I got headache on my left head. 
I got here so early 
I got hired at Harkins! But I am so sick. Went to the Doctor.. Might have strep 
I got hives  They r really itchy.
I got home... But i am sick...  Ineed to rest whole day tomorrow!!!! zzz.z.zZzzZzZZz.z....
I got in a fight with the ironing board. Ashamed to say, it won!  ouch.
I got in biiiiiiig trouble for that last tweet. Socially inappropriate time for iPhone tweets. 
I got in my first fender bender.  
I got in trouble for getting into the garbage  mommy is mean! but after I got dinner!
I got in trouble for something so stupid and it ruined my weekend 
i got into a fight with self tanner, and it won 
i got introuble by mummy again  i went for a shower in her bathroom and the mirror got all fogged, so i drew all over it :L
I got it changed. Facebook is being evil 
i got it i got it i got it! but youtube is doing some maintence thing so i have to wait 
I got jipped! My firecracker popsicle only has two colors  I'm missing out on the white flavor ;-;
I got kicked out of my chilling place and my room is cold = unhappy and bored 
I got killed today my holdings are down 8%  
I got laid off 
I got laid off from my job today.   i am so sad!!!
I got maccy Exposoid goodness happening on my ork linux box, and it was as easy as apt-get pie.  Now I /really/ buying ATI at home. 
I got mad jana when M said she didn't like my trouser. Over-reacted I guess. Now am sad and she's not so glad. Forgive me Lord 
i got made fun of for being a HANSON fan today    they're my all time FAVORITE band ! ive been to like every show  ;)
I got movies but I be beasting when it comes on tv I keep forgetting to buy the dvd  @jcstud_28
I got mucho depressed again 
I GOT MY 1800 TEQUILA FRIDGE. THANK YOU! BUT NO THANKS TO UPS FOR WRECKING IT IN TRANSIT!  BASTARDS....
I got my bag and eye liner today! I wish I go those dang gages. 
I got my canning done. I have one jar just for shawnna. It has peppers from your pepper plant in it. I broke 1 jar in each canning batch 
I got my cap &amp; gown. Said goodbye to a person that used to mean a lot, &amp; a person that means so much now 
I got my first mosquito bite of the season and it's on my elbow 
I got my fucking retainer.... Ugh.  im gning to bed..
I got my game...YES...SIMS3!! Oh I am gonna be so addicted. Downloading it now. Too bad I have to go to work tomorrow! Damn!! O'well. 
I got my grades ALLLLLLL A'S and one B  ahhhh Bichota killed my gaaame but that class was brutal
I got my hair cut and highlighted...and it looked good until the lady cut my bangs half way up my forehead 
I got my hair cut. it's gotten way to short. 
I got my iPhone 3G, and I'm still not sure whether to keep it or get a BlackBerry instead 
i got my phone taken away 
I got my rabbit put down today 
I got my Twitter pg 2 load, but not long enuff 2 tweet.  Glad I have my FriendFeed &amp; my TwitterBerry! G'Nite... http://ff.im/-3qcWk
I got new contacts and now I can't see. 
I got new freckles on my nose  stupid sun...
I got no one 
I got one hour of sleep before I dropped off my mom at the airport. I feel so lonely now. 
I got outbid by 50 cents on an epic vintage prince tee 
I got passed by so many cars i was so scared  farmgirl@&lt;3
i got pooed on 
I got pulled over AGAIN. Moving violation 
I got pulled over tonight for the first time ever in my life    at least I didn't get a ticket though...*sigh* but I'm still sad
I got pushed in the pool....it felt good! Although they wouldnt give me back my flip flops  LOL STILL LOVE YOU &lt;3TYLER&lt;3
I got quite excited for a minute there http://bit.ly/FpFNp  too bad it's an error 
i got ramen cup of noodle on my brand new playboy bunny sheets  theyre satin- so badass
I got ridiculed by some random guy at Pocket Bar comparing my 1994 esque 6210 to a cricket bat. It hurt my geek-estime 
i got sent home from school. i'm really sick and have a temp of 102 and to top things off precious is getting put to sleep today 
I got sent home today for beein an hour late!!  i was just mad they made me go all the way there, they culda called, lol.
i got shampoo in my eye  hurt lol quite funny now i think about it now tho
I got sick on the sidewinder.  So now i'm sitting out while mary and eric go on big kid rides...
I got sick this weekend and Matt took care of me, but we missed out on going to Indianapolis gay pride! 
i got sick tonight 
I GOT SICK!I dont feel good 
I got sims 3...was so exited the....I found out,,.,.,.,..my graphics card was not the version that the game required 
I got sin~.. I jus got bought 4 pairs of shoes 
i got smoke in my eyes, now they burn 
i got so drunk last night now i ave the sorest head 
i got so much sun today in the first day on the beach... and it just started raining   at least it held out during the day
I got soaked in the horrible rain today   I'm home now though so that's much better! 
I got some games for the PS3, now I just have to wait...as usual...I still have some stuff that hasn't come in yet 
I got some gnarly cramps 
I got some shells...but i want a hug cause of Winksy getting stolen then thrown into water by an autistic boy. 
I got somethiing:life sucks!!!!! 
I got soy caramel latte in my hair 
I got strept throat... 
I got stuck at home 
I got stuck in a road block. Now I have to remove my tint that was on the car when I bought it.   soo angry!
I got stung by a bee 
I got stung by a frickin bee. Once i think but i do have two spots. Im in so much pain 
i got stung with a bee this morning.. my fingers still so sore! 
i got stung. by a bee. 
I got summoned for Jury Duty, this was not the opportunity I was waiting for 
i got sunburned today 
I got sunburnt today. 
i got sunburnt yesterday. ouchie 
I got super glue all over my fingers 
I got that stupid &quot;birthday sex&quot; song az my caller tune...AND I CAN'T CHANGE IT!!!!  
I got the chills and my bones and muscles are aching throughout my body.   Pray for me. I have too much to do &amp; can't afford to get sick.
I got the flu  NOT the swine I'm going nitenite tweeples.  Gnite!
I got the hiccups. 
i got the hiccups. ive had them for about 15 mins now -.- arghh 
I got the pac-man app for my iPhone.  Yeah, I still suck at that game.    I wonder if there is a centipede app.
I got the picture, just not one of me 
I got the shopping bug but no money to spend   Aww Shucks!
I got the sims 3 I gotta wait to play tho I dont have enough space on my pc yet..I heard its freezin on some tho... 
I got the Swern oxidation down... now the Jones oxidation is another story    FML.
I got the Vineyard Conference blues...As in I'm not able to attend this year 
I got them through the Battery Hen Welfare Trust (www.bhwt.org.uk) who arranges adoption opportunities for hens who are deemed past it! 
i got this weird feeling the people are tryna make decisions for me w/o consultin me 
I GOT THRUU! WOOO SORRY 4 PPL WHO DIDNT  MAYBE NEXT TIME EH?
I got tiny theeth 
I got to bed way to late last night 
I Got To Eat But Ther Noting to Eat In My Shit Houes 
I got to hang out with the gf today for a couple hours. It was nice I probably won't be able to till Monday  well time to sleep...
i got to talk to carlos&lt;3 but then we lost the call i was so mad 
I got to the 2nd boss in Final Fantasy IV. It killed me though 
i got too much sun sunburn now 
i got two more teeth pulled. my mouth miss their friends 
I got two of them now  : I hate Mosquitos
I got up early... and I don't even have to 
I got up to early. 
I got very little sun yesterday! That was the whole point in going. 
I got very sunburned today 
i got very unexpected guess at home and right now they're in my room  what a distraction!!!
I got woken up by my neighbour ringing the doorbell so now can't go back to sleep  Morning btw.
I got yelled at for being awake today 
I got yelled at today by ehh hem the jooce man because I stopped tweeting  I have a major headache omjesus gonna eat a knock outttt
I got/had heat stroke today    Worse feeling ever
I gots a headache.    I have been ordered by the girlies to make aebleskivers for breakfast.
i gots my side of the bed all crummy 
i gots my teefs did and now my mouf tastes like rubbah 
i gots the case of the snifflezz. nutzz. 
i gotsa headache 
i gotsta get into shape. Bits of me are starting to wobble 
I gotta check out that new eminem song everyone is talking about.He's getting some bad reviews by Twitterville that i hope isnt true 
I gotta do it... *RUN away from work and live in the Jungle wearing nothing*... only thing is no Jungle in Maldives... 
i gotta do my job and if some people dont understand i dont know what to say. if it was my decision, i would not have coached u boo! 
I gotta do some chores today before I get to do anything else. 
I gotta find better ways to work out...I need to lose weight 
I gotta finish this egyptian trading card, but its really simple. i wanna go to bed early though...boo hoo for me 
I gotta get back outside  man do I need an mp3 player for the barn stereo. I think the horses need to jam out. Later tweeps.
i gotta get up super early......but i dont wanna go to bed... 
i gotta go 2 the orthadonist 2day  i dont wanna go!! lol! but we're havin a big bday party 4 my dad 2night and we get 2 swim and eat cake!
I gotta go now guys, thank u for all being lovely again. Sorry for being not very fun...just sad  Tweet soon, bye bye xxx xxx
i gotta go to bed now guys. yes i know, boohoo.  but i'll see you tomorrow - leave me nice tweets! xo
I gotta go to internship today... lost sunday  I just hope the time I'll spend there be useful to study for tomorrow's test.
i gotta go to the bed  ...well i have some fun tonight! YEY!..
i gotta go!  my parents r the RUDEST ppl EVER
I gotta headache  and I'm super tired again. I actually think I might have an early night :O don't tell @LinnMaren or @Sarah_SEC ahaha (:
i gotta king helL headache ...... 
I gotta major sore throat (pause) uggghh this shit is killin me 
i gotta off now. saddening i tell ya.  i miss onlining sooo bad!!
I gotta peg out the washing (N) Ah Well, I have nothing else to do today anyway 
I gotta say I'm not enjoying this wind very much. 
i gotta wait till tmorrow but that seems so far away  ugh i need britterz
i gotta work tomorrow. its 4am and i'm in the bathroom. 
I gottah go to the beach sometime before my summer semester starts  ... Let's go mr.Andrew Kim!!
I gotz an ear infection... 
I GRADUATED HIGHSCHOOL TODAY!!!! GO DEKALB HIGHSHOOL CLASS OF '09 BABY THE BEST CLASS EVER..  i cried my eyes out 
I graduated, I have a place to live in Boston, I am now a proud mother to Hal the Hamster, and I still have no job 
I guess 
I guess @mikeyway mad at me because my message to him.He made update a little .I felt guilty myself about .hope im wrong about my thought 
I guess @typewriter will have to go take on @johnfcady without me 
I guess 1 vs 100 will have to wait for another day for me, again. Gotta go in a few. 
I guess 61FPS is getting subsumed into Nerve.com or something.  I wonder where it will go.
I guess alot of people are having trouble with Twitter tonight 
I guess Daily papervision3D died - last entry is from 15th April  http://dailypv3d.wordpress.com/
I guess ereybody wanna piss me off today ..smh 
I guess everybody else has a life and is off doing a bunch of fun stuff while I'm stuck at home lonely! 
i guess everyone got over #lobster  makes me sad ill miss the little thing 
i guess everyone is in bed then? not together.. obviously... all apart from me.. 
i guess everyone uploads their videos at night....  if regular internet doesnt go any faster im canceling my internet
I guess going back to sleep would be pointless now 
I guess goodnight all... I have to be up by 5a.m. 
i guess i chose a wrng tym to twitter.... no1's onlyn..... 
I guess I dont care here, I go away...Very sad n crying but I know it dont care 
I guess i don't mean what i say 
I guess I fell back on my face again. 
I guess I have to leave the house: 27 Degrees C, = HAWT! TOO HAWT! 
I guess I like dance so much that I'm trying to force it on other people, which doesn't work. 
i guess i m having &quot;Karele&quot; in lunch. Yeakh 
I guess I should go revise.... 
i guess i should go to bed now  {aka just sit there and watch tv} ....wont help on the waking up early part... oh well. BUHBYES NOW! haha.
I guess I should not be surprised at the lack of professionalism in some people. Bah to a crap afternoon 
I guess I wasn't meant to be a famous playwright. The novel version didn't go too well either.  
i guess i wasnt meant to go to the #mmva's @MuchMusic this year 
I guess I will be taking another trip &quot;home&quot;, my Uncle passed away...  
I guess I will go to bed, I am not really tired though. Im missing my man! 
I guess I will just lay here and fake sleep then I will actually fall asleep and over sleep this making me late for my 9 am pick up 
I guess I will try to go to sleep now even though I havent heard from @DonnieWahlberg  Oh well, Twugs, Twisses, Goodnite &amp; Sweet Dreams!
I guess I'll be getting a lot of Father's Day wishes 2morrow since I play daddy too. I'll admit, he was a good fuck, but not a good dad 
I guess I'll download the update when I get home 
I guess ill get up...  a little retail therapy never hurt anyone.
I guess i'll go to sleep now at 7 am. It's going to be cloudy today. I won't be sleeping outside. 
I guess I'll have to amuse my self in the uni break rather than learn stuff I want to know about! 
I guess I'll have to just go to sleep.. Gee I rlly wanted 2 say goodnight to my love.  oh well. Nite again. Time 2 zone out for 8 hours...
I guess i'll have to wait until tonight to get LVATT 
i guess i'll head to bed, kind early, but waiting is exhausting. 
I guess i'll hop on the bandwagon now. 
I guess I'll just go to bed 
I guess I'll just go to bed... 
I guess I'll just have to pull something out of the closet for tonight 
i guess I'll start packing again 
i guess im getting rid of my plugs.  for normal sized ears.
I guess I'm getting up. I miss all m friendys. I wish I was with you guys.  oh well. Dentist then rehearsals.
i guess im going to sleep now. its been a long boring night. gonan listen to Moving Mountains. hope i sleep well. wish i was going to MD. 
I guess I'm just not smoking tonight 
I guess I'm not 
I guess im not a woman 
I guess I'm not allowed to eat the Big Kitties' food.  
I guess Im not destined to tweet. school year starts on monday. 
i guess i'm not forcing myself to go out tonight. lame 
I guess I'm not going out for ice cream 
I guess I'm off to swimming class 
I guess im really not one now 
i guess i'm the only one who likes cake mix better better than cookie dough 
I guess iPhone 3.0 will only be available at midnight PALO ALTO time.  In other news, tweetdeck for the iPhone is AWESOME!
I guess its bedtime. Goodnight twitter.  my bed is so big and empty without him.
I guess its not a power nap if u end up sleep thru the night 
i guess it's over for the cavs..... 
i guess its strep also, and i think andy and my moms sick too 
I guess it's time to get around, now that it's almost 1:00. Work 3-10 
I guess its time to start my day...... Definitely look for me tonight I got a class at 7:55-9:05....  That sucks!
I guess its turkey sandwiches tonight 
I guess I've peeked and fizzled... now I know what the housing market felt like   http://tr.im/mXnr
i guess judging by the bebo, he doesn't want much else to do with me anymore. no idea why though 
I guess just waiting around..... sorry 
i guess Linda really did screw hulk, he is doing infomercials now.  harsh linda, really harsh.
I guess Madson caught a case of the Lidgies 
I guess my appendix doesn't like me anymore 
i guess my boo went to sleep  even though i didn't have a missed call....
I guess my nails are not made for nail polish 
i guess no more la  thats fckn GAY.
I guess no one likes talking to me or about anything to me  Im not worth anyones times by the look of it .-.
I guess nobody wants to text me today  I'm so bored right now
I guess now that all TV is digital, KCRA feels the need to put their bug on HD syndicated programming. &quot;Boston Legal&quot; now unwatchable 
I guess opposites DO attract 
I guess our server is putting me in the corner for a time-out, a 504 Gateway Time-out 
i guess people just don't understand how it works and blame on me by things they see 
I guess she rele hates the lakers .... 
i guess so 
I guess summer school started becaue I couldn't find any parking going to work 
I guess that means I'm lame...not sure 
i guess thats a no on the getting fucked up. 
I guess thats how you gotta look at things when you get caught on a tree branch wehn your flowing in the wind. 
i guess thats it for BGT  guess its now time to bring on Xfactor! just a couple months away i think
i guess that's me just wishing i could afford to shop at a&amp;f all the time, instead of just sometimes.  lol
I guess there is a good reason to take supplements with food 
i guess there was never any doubt... but it wasn't him   console me.
I guess they found the Air France plane  Im soo sad for those people! R.I.P everyone aboard
I guess this is goodnight. I'm tired of sleeping alone 
i guess this is it 
I guess this means im no longer britneys biggest fan.  life sucks.
I guess tonight wasn't movie night  I have to work in the morning anyways...:'(
I guess tour flick is over ooo well nice knowing you 
i guess trying to find a picture and some friends 
i guess twitter doesn't love my pictures 
I guess Twittier doesn't like my new avatar 
I guess we aren't twittering anymore 
I guess we will have our second no show Friday, will give it till 8:30 before calling it a nite. Need to ask GOD what am I doing wrong 
I guess you could say i'm jealous. 
i guess you just dont give a shit                
I guess you no longer have to travel to experience monsoon season. Today's D.C. weather = 
I guess, I'll go for a walk... 
I guess. I dont feel good  i wish someone could take care of me
i guessed my leg havent healed from the old injuries  but i can still run though and kick ball! haha. but will sometimes fell a sharp pain
I gunna leave ina min, exam  wish me luck !!!
i h0pe ii cn leave hme 2m0ro_!!  ii wana go2 the fashion show_!! 
i h8 being sick cause when i sick my craves are like a pregnant woman. 
I h8 crying in public but im reading maus and I can't help it 
I h8 it so much that no one answers my questions. 
i h8 myspace 
I h8 the june gloom!! y can't it just b sunny and nice like usual 
I h8 this weather!! It's the be gloomy &amp; rainy all weekend 
i H8T the dentis!! my teeth really hurt  i H8t braces
I HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATE physics with a passion...it's currently sucking out my soul with this homework assignment 
i haaaaaaate thunderstorms 
I haaaaate the mec center!!!! 
I haate birds so much ! And now we have one.. 
i had 2 block 3 ppl cuz that was nasty... they all females...hello i'm one 2..enough said sick selves 
I had 2 buy a new washer, bought the dryer 2.  Dryer labeled electric but is gas   GRRR.  Now we have 2 load it up tomorrow 2 return it.
i had 2 get up at 7 this morning and now im stuck at mums work... i thought i was going 2 sleep in 
I had 2 hoes .. now I have none 
I had 2 very busy days  I'm missing a lot!!
I had 3 pieces of pizza and now my stomach hurts 
I had 3.0 a week before the release, it kinda sucks because I can't be excited with everyone else 
I had 60 bucks saved up and now i have 25. wtf 
I had 9 followers, now I only have 8 
I had a bad allergic to the sunscreen i've been using for the past two days. i'm now covered head to toe in a rash. fml im miserable 
I had a Chicago dog after the bar hop last night...sadly disappointed. Danger Dog's the standard. If Hot Doug's doesn't live up, I'll be 
I had a Coffee Toffee Frosty at Wendy's and now I can't go to sleep!!!  SO AWAKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i had a coffee toffee twisted frosty, and i must say i found it to be quite nauseating 
I had a craving for marzipan this lunchtime.  An +unsated+ craving. 
I had a CRAZY Fri Night/Sat Morning. I woke up in the hospital, came home to my mother yelling at me &amp; now don't have a phone anymore. 
i had a dream  last night someone stole my car and wrecked it at school. so i got suspended!! 
I had a dream about Diddy last night. It felt real. We were together and he was a very good boyfriend to me. I woke up and no jewels  lol.
I had a dream about one of the people who I follow and they follow me...he went to prom and I didn't 
i had a dream about school and now i want to go back 
I had a dream dat i got 2 do it. I woke up realizing it was nothing 
I had a dream he was here and everything was okay now I woke up and he's not  officially missin lamott
i had a dream i lost my 7 month old nephew in a mall and i wouldn't let myself wake up till i found him...but i didn't  ...i sadly woke up
I had a dream I'd just about convinced my mom to buy the biggest nemo ever...nearly...&amp; then the phone woke me up, so i never got it ! 
I had a dream last time I was asleep this guy was stalking me and like wanted to rape me  Scurry....
I had a dream Michelle Obama was stalking me. She was trying to pin flower broaches one me 
I had a dream that all of da HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for haters = we NEED U! HA
I had a dream that convinced me that i had the day off today.....then my alarm went off...... i have sad face now 
i had a dream that i got twitter on my phone. no such luck  good morning to anyone i wake up!
i had a dream that i had curly hair and then i brushed my hair and it turned straight again  oh poop
I had a dream that I took my dog, Spenser, for a walk... He died in 2004  I miss him.
i had a dream that jesse told me the reason he left me was because i was ugly. 
i had a dream that my lv nails fell off and i was so sad 
i had a dream that my lv nails fell off and i was so sad : i had a dream that my lv nails fell off and i was so sad 
I had a dream that twitter banned me for life. It was awful 
i had a extravagant yet time conserving plan lined up for today.......which ive now forgotten 
I had a fun day today practicing kelsey with my friends bettina nikki and mariel for our feastday we didn't have much time though.. 
I had a fun day yesterday even if my Boy did beat me at bowling  Enjoyed the Wolverine movie too. Well nice long run this afternoon too.
I had a good birthday, but now it's time for bed. Back to jury duty at 9 in the AM 
I had a good link to one where a guy tried to grope a girl on the train but she  turned around and gave him an earful..vid is gone noe 
I had a good night with my love. I wish it never ended  I can't wait to see her again...I look forward to it.
i had a gr8 bday but have to w8 about a year now 4 it 2 cum again 
I had a Great day Tuesday with a Great guy! Texas is toooooo HOT 
I had a great weekend and most definitely don't want to go to work this week 
I had a haircut and I hate it 
I had a horrible dream last night 
I had a horrible dream last night!  I just want to hear thomas' voice now.
I had a huge headache  I wonder why I never  get headaches or get sick often 
I had a lift home from a Ambulance early in the morning with a sick mate!! 
I had a little free time yesterday and read Breakfast at Tiffany's by Capote. Finally! Somehow I feel bad for Holly's cat. 
I had a little oops moment and messed up my car 
I had a long day at work today. Wished I had unmarried friends to go out clubbing 
i had a long day had to do a bunch of stuff &amp; with the kids it took me twice as long , rained here most the day how depressin 
I had a lovely lunch with the hubby and my newly adorned knee brace is really slowing me down. 
I had a moment of weakness crying about life and my future. I'm okay now, I think. Growing up is hard. 
I had a nice day of playing paintball today! I tried once again to fix my pm6 but in vain. It just does not want to cycle 
i had a nice distracting weekend... back to the real world 
i had a nice sleep but im still tired 
I had a nightmare last night *cry* I think I am scarred for life! 
I had a nightmare last night that i ate meat. 
i had a nightmare that i had 6 cavities!almost woke up crying 
I had a nightmare! I woke up w/ my heart racing! 
I had a niiiiiice large coke. Then, I just had to fall asleep, and it got all watery. 
I had a nose bleed this morning; Curse these summer allergies! Everyone gets sick in the winter but not me - my time for plague is SUMMER 
I had a panic attack because of Metallica. 
I had a pasta bake for dinner but its really upset my tummy 
I had a pizza with stoopid amts of Italian sausage on it at the Windsor - its made me go all funnee in my tummy 
I had a realization today, and it made me sad  But at least the healing can begin.
I had a really bad dream  what's up with my dream fairy or something? Can't a girl ever get a break?
I had a really nice dream last night, but it makes me sad now 
i had a reeeally weird scary dream last night!! 
i had a relapse...i am not over the pics from last night 
I had a root canal on one of my teeth today. It hurt 
I had a rough night... 25 weeks, but feels like 35... Can't sleep, never comfy 
i had a silly row with my bf earlier today and i said things i didn't mean 
I had a terrible dream last night! 
I had a terrible dream last night... 
I had a very bad dream last night. 
I had a very vivid dream that i painted my ceiling. Just woke up. I guess not 
i had a volleyball camp alll day. now my legs and back kill  text
I had a weird dream with my crush in of last night. We kissed.  I miss him.  no, it's not Nick Jonas this time.
I had a wonderful dream *__*  But I dont dreamed finish...I want to know the end of my dream.. 
I had about five bites of cottage cheese for bfst - that is it! I'm dying for lunch. I feel weak and shakey. 
I had all intention to workout after work...I think imma go home a take a nap instead   so dissappointed in myslef.
I had an amazing day hanging out with my best friend, probably for the last time while i am still here.  i'm going to miss you kimby,  ...
I had an awful dream 
I had an EPIC FAIL moment today. After the waiter got my order wrong and had an attitude with me, i spilled my drink all over the floor 
i had an hour and half sleep last night before my brother woke up sick again.... i dont want to leave him alone but im falling asleep 
I had an internet-less day... THIS SUCKS ROYAL 
I had an ivory pair and a black pair.  Booo.... 
I had another scary dream 
I had bad dreams now I'm scared 
I had better go to bed if I'm going to school tomorrow.  Good Night everyone xo
I had coffee this morning but all its done is make me more tired. The bb's not wanting her 1st nap anymore..  its time 4 a routine change.
i had curly hair today.      and a big spot on my chin  http://tinyurl.com/l3e8zz
I had dozed off this morning on the couch; awoke to hear my 6 yr old giving me a haircut. 
i had four apples...then i ate one.....now i only have twelve 
I had fun at the drive in i miss dustin like crazy im so glad i gotta c him before i have to go to florida im gonna miss him so much!!! 
I had just put Gran Torino in (haven't seen it) and then my nephew woke up  guess I'll watch Cash Cab.
I had low expectations of the new star trek film and they were unfortunately not met 
i had lunch with my sister... because @RagePerez said no... 
I had manga lady and she was mean to me.    
I had more books than I thought! Oppps!  http://dailybooth.com/lukeb3000/417238
I had more reasons to stay in bed this morning than to get out, yet here I am.  I'm so mistreated.
I had my boyfriend cut my hair instead... Maybe it wasn't such a good idea...? 
i had my last class for World of TV  i'll miss it... it was a William Morris 
i had navy blue under my black nailpolish for a while and i think it stained my nails a little.. 
I had nightmares last night, that I could have really used a hug to chase away the yucky feelings of when I woke up. No hugs, planes. 
i had no idea how much bravo tv i watched unitl it was rudely taken away from me 
I had no idea there was a Panda Express in the Freehold Mall! I want it 
i had no sleep last night im still not well 
i had pancakes for breakfast...wow that was a while ago...i miss him so much...  i get to see him and his haircut 2maro 
i had plans to click some photos for the match yesterday but did not take the cam...  will do it though tomo...
i had really weird dream last night...but i wish i didnt wake up from it 
i had so much enegry when i got off the bus and convinced myself i would go for a run, then the sun decided to go to sleep 
I had so much fun tonite... But everything is starting to feel like the last.. 
i had some soup and spilt some on my pants 
I had some work to do, but my wrist hurts too much to do any of it. 
I had something 2 twit but i 4got wut it wuz 
I had subwayy for dinner!! Ohh and my phone broke 
I had such a brilliant w/e I wish it wasn't over  only 2 more before I leave. Going to miss him lots.
i had such a deep thought I wanted to post and  it was so deep I cant find it now... 
I had such a fun night! Went camping with lots of ppl, but there was no reception 
I had such an amazing time in Playa del Carmen...Wish i didn't have to leave...  
I had the best dream ever last night. So what did I do? I kept sleeping so it would go on forever. Work in 3 hours 
I had the most amazing dream I'm so sad my alarm clock ruined it 
I had the most disrupted sleep due to worrying about results tommorow 
I had the most exciting weekend only to be followed by the flu 
I had the most terrifying dream ever. It had to do with burning children.  No me gusta.
I had the strangest &amp; scariest dream last night. 
I had the worst dream ever last night. I miss jake 
I had the worst dream ever: the Lakers were losing 11 : ZIP  &amp; Courney Cox had a mohawk wtf.
I had the worst dream last night... dreamed that my hockey sweaters became threadbare and fell apart. 
I had the worst Fucking night sleep ever, My eyes sting My neck hurts and i keep yawning  *cries*
I HAD THE WORST NIGHT OF MY LIFE. no joke, I'm so tired 
I had the worst nightmare that my life fell apart and it was all my fault. What a shitty feeling. 
I had the worst sleep ever!! 
I had the worst sunday this time ; planned so many things but could not manage to do any of those 
I had the worst weekend ever and nobody to take with  
I had this crazy notion I could see in the dark (I can't). Downside of walking (lightless) to my car (also barefoot)? Creepy AND painful. 
I had this ridiculous horrible dream last night. blahhh 
i had this unlikely the strangest feeling. i need to rest. i guess everybody talkin bout PCD,right? fuck em'. im jealous   gnight georgia
I had this weird ass dream that woke me up 
I had to buy a new charger for my iBook 
I had to cancel on @AngelaRilatt today thanks to my tummy..  Plus I burnt a batch of cookies..  Today is not a good day.  
I had to change out of my Pjs 
I had to create an account to get info for school : I had to create an account to get info for school  http://tinyurl.com/ndjd62
I had to delete my &quot;Better&quot; (frets on fire) video because Guns N' Roses sucks and disabled it even after I appealed 
I had to do a chore 
i had to do a reading at the funeral but i burst out crying and laura did it for me. 
I had to fish my Blackberry out of the toilet today!  
I had to get a crown today  it hurts
I had to get a shot 
I had to get my gum drained! SO nasty and the most uncomfortable thing ever! It hurt so much! No pain killers, just Advil &amp; antibiotics. 
I had to get patted down and remove some clothing at the airport. I almost missed my flight. 
I had to give the kitten away  My dad is evil.
I had to go home early from work. I couldnt stop barfing &amp; then my gut started hurting SO bad  i was on a good till too. Right by @alannab
I had to go to the dentist today 
I had to have 4 needles instead of 1  arms ache!
I had to have a starbux iced coffee this evening instead if Intelligentsia coz I had a free coupon. 
I had to leave just as I was getting going on a really cool print. Baw, I have to wait until next week now. 
I had to let her go. She is there and I am here. She will always be my gothic goddess, 
i had to remake it all over because it was rubbish and my computers ram cant handle it what a shame 
i had to run 800m for PE today. now my legs hurt. 
I had to run to the bus stop this morning. I hate hate hate taking the bus 
I had to shave my beard already......so young too 
I had to skip my English Class to do all my homework 
I had to sleep in my new room with the giant window alone for the 1st time. i am terrified of giant windows at night. nicki come back 
I had to start over on ten.  sometimes things dont get written the way I want them to be.
I had to stop by ICE PAN to get some to go for tmrw. I'm gonna miss this place!! Andy will be so sad... I can't tell him, I just can't... 
I had to take my kittens collar off so I could squeeze her flea-junk on her neck, and now she is bell-less and in stealth mode 
I had to take my puffer for like the first time in 6th months today 
I had to trim @LostJello's Couplet down a little bit to make it fit, some puncuation etc.  Sorry, but I had to retweet at any cost!
i had tried to get offtoday with no luck so i could get some organizing done.  today is so icky that i doubly wish i could've stayed home 
I had two of the craziest dreams last night 
I had two offers for the night and I can't do either, SOOO gutted!! 
I had two serves of lasagna - Now I feel really sick  ha
I had two somewhat smallish glasses of wine between 7:00 and 11:00 tonight. Now my head is aching. Should I give up wine all together? 
i had two ticks on me today. ewieeee 
I had washing on the line and it is raining 
i hardly have time for twitter anymore 
I hare rainy days 
I has a bruise on my elbow 
I has a cold 
i has a cold..  is not nice.. 
I has a cut in my finger 
i has a doctors appointment at 3:30 until then i'm stuck here. 
i has a headache 
i has a headache  but im going to hong kong! 
I has a headache. 
i has a headache.  i'm home alone doin stuff til 3-4 then partyin it upp!
i has a kitty on my wrist. cannot type with 2 hands 
I has a sick 
I has a tummy ache. 
i has cramps  , picking up lauri, work from 5 -12ish,  party in 'Tilly maybe.   You remind me of the babe.
I has headache. 
I has hiccups 
I has now invented the emoji for bacon flu.. *giggles* okay bed for reals now  evil iPhone keeps me up xD  http://twitpic.com/7gyx2
I has the flu like whoa... 
I has ticket money (: getting more stoked! No tee shirt money though 
i has to start work early  it sucks..
i hat being new to twitter! 
i hat twiiter. i can't follwing more twitters. 
I hate  dual carriageway roundabouts. So much. 
I hate &quot;new and improved&quot; software! Got a new version of my trusty old Mastercook, and it's an ugly useless bloatware. Uninstalling now. 
i hate &quot;one size fits all&quot; tights, not all of us are that short 
I hate 4 days worth of house cleaning to do 
i hate a distance of each other countries in this world . i feel that i met my bestfriends, but its jst like a dreams. its not real  cuz
I hate accidentally missing the secret interactions in Midgar.  Ah well, there's tons more game left to NOT miss stuff in...
i HATE accounting.  and the fact that it is my major..
i hate acne 
I hate air conditioning....my office is freezing brrrrr  
i HATE airlines!  i want my bag with all my souvenirs &amp; going out clothes... which is never going to show up 
I hate alcohol, it makes you all sluggish the next day and eat loads ... Ive eaten like an obesse person all day! 
i hate all the comercial breaks during so you think you can dance!! they&quot;re driving me crazy AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!      
I hate allergies  its ruining my summer !!!!
I hate allergies. They suck. 
I hate allergies... because of allergies I cannot see Murty or Kate! 
I hate arrogant people. 
I hate babysitting drunk people 
I hate back pain!!!! 
I hate bad dreams. I so rarely ever dream because of my effed up sleep cycles. I hope that this isn't a sign of reality. 
i hate bad hair days 
I HATE bananas sooo much, the smell, texture, taste BLAGH!! now have 2 make banana  sandwiches for the boys 
I hate bananas when they gang up on me in the fruit bowl and go soggy then make best friends with a bunch of fruit flies 
I hate bathing suit shopping. My twins on my upper body don't fit into anything  lol
i hate been in england where nothing exciting happens  
i hate bein a woman at least once a month 
i hate bein confused! grrr. . . 
I hate bein in a bad mood! and on a sunny day too!!! 
I hate being a bagger at work 
i hate being a girl sometimes!  cramps that feel like i'm giving birth, shoot me.
I hate being a girl sometimes. Fetal position 
I hate being a girl sometimes.... and I feel sick  I need bed, icecream and my boyfriend. hmphhh
I hate being a girl sometimes......I do not want to straighten my hair this morning 
I hate being a leader DX. It's just not my thing. But I have to or else the whole class will suffer 
I hate being a light sleeper, the thunder woke me up 
I hate being all alone!!!! Today is juz not my day 
I hate being alone in the hospital 
I hate being alone, i'm so bored  Watching forensic files.
I hate being an insomniac! I'd be okay w/ someone cracking a bottle over my head if it meant I'd get to sleep for a while. 
i hate being anxious. only one more hour. grrrr 
I hate being at home. It's so boring and lame. 
I hate being at work when it's nice outside 
I hate being awake at this time. My poor legs are hurting, too. 
I HATE being awake early. My day feels so boring when i'm not hyper 
I hate being away from her... I cant sleep alone anymore 
I hate beinG boRed, im now watchin Worlds Strictest Parents..feeling like a LOSER..im a lonely-loner 
I hate being ditch 
i hate being ignored 
i hate being ill.  means i cant paint the town red tonight 
I hate being ill. No-one wants to hang out with me. 
I HATE being in my house without my hubby! 
i hate being in the pool, got lovely red puffy eyes &amp; a red face now.  anyhoo, course done for today, got my hw to do though :\
I hate being jealous of other people, but it just comes natural to me 
i hate being lactose intolerant ! 
I hate being late!!!  
I hate being lied to. 
I hate being lonely 
I hate being sick  how did this  happen? And the june gloom makes it even harder to feel better or get out of bed
i hate being sick  i need to get better so i can focus on my final tomorrow.
I hate being sick  It sucks.
I hate being sick and missing school. Why? Because its so amazingly BORING all by yourself.   &amp;peace.
I hate being sick at home. 
I hate being sick but hate going to the dr even more 
i hate being sick especially when i sound like a victim of emphysema 
i HATE being sick i cant fuckin do anything so outta energy and the worst part stupid doctor said i cant play netball for couple of days 
I hate being sick when I have PMS this is not a good combo  Nature FAIL
i hate being sick! i can't stop coughing 
i hate being sick! I hope it's gone by tomorrow 
I hate being sick!!!! I might have to get my tonsels removed now 
I hate being sick, I hate that I've gotta study. Junior Cert is tomorrow!! :\ Help! 
I hate being sick. But at least it's this week and not next week, when I've gotta actually be at work.  @nevieb SO JEALOUS!!
I hate being sick. I have to work all week and weekend. Pluse im home alone all week 
i hate being sick. i miss @cynthiasheree @lucyowns and @larilync 
I hate being sick.. It's stupid! Can't even be too close to Sunnah 
i hate being sick.....it's no fun at all 
I hate being sick: all concentration on work goes to null 
i hate being so lazy 
I hate being so sick!  someone bring me soup.
I hate being the &quot;single&quot; one 
I hate being the oldest kid in the room... I feel like such a pedophile 
I hate being the one to ask the questionn...&quot;did you mean what you said that nite&quot; coz now I feel like the biggest dickhead  gahhhh
i hate being treated like i'm 10 years old by my mother and not letting me go out 
I hate being up at regular school time!!! There is a high chance I will fall asleep in double history first! 
I hate being up this early. I need to catch up on so much sleep 
I hate being without my phone  Whoever stole it KARMA SUCKS! I need ya'll phone NUmbers hit me with it!
I hate being yelled and sworn at 
i hate bittorrent  the bar line thingie is going up and down in the green but isnt downloading 
I hate borrowing money 
I hate boys  they do nothing but tear my heart in two and i have no idea what to do :'(
i hate brand new. 
I hate break ups man I wanna cry soo bad 
I hate breaking in new reeds 
i hate brokeback mountain!!
i hate broken internet  my phone bills gonna be huge! What shall i wear tonight? Ps happy birthday nan!
I hate bug bites... ESPECIALLY on my toes 
I hate bugs!! 
I hate burnt tongues, my lunch is gna haunt me for days 
i hate buying salad every few days...i must be eating too much lol...well no that bag lst 3 days...it's been 3 days 
I hate calling people...  Preparing myself now. *shudder*
I hate car places  &lt;Jx&gt;
I HATE CATS.... ALLERGIES SUCK! 
I hate cell phones, there stupid! yet i cant live without mine 
I hate cheap laundry soap.  I keep smelling sour clothes, and then it dawned on me:  The shirt I'm wearing was washed in the cheap stuff. 
i hate chemistry  dont wanna go to that class tomorrow x[
I hate chemistry! 
I HATE CHRIS BROWN ! 
I hate cleaning for open houses..Especially when NO ONE SHOWS UP!!!!! 
I HATE CLEANING MY KITCHEN 
I hate cleaning.  can be at nicks house now?
I Hate College 
I hate college and I'm not even there yet!  Online registration sucks!!  Everything is so freakin complicated 
I hate College right now 
i hate comcast right now. everything is down cable internet &amp; phone....ughh what am i to do
I hate coming home after a weekend away and finding a deluge of email/twitter/RSS stuff to read. 
I hate coming home to no food or weed in the house  I'm tooo tired to go out!
I hate computers and they hate me - they always die on me &amp; now i have a replacement and cant find anything i need!  
I hate contacts D: ... well my left eye likes them, but my right eye on the other hand ... 
i hate contacts theyy always rip....i hate my glasses 
I hate cooking dinner 
I hate cover letters.....revision 12 and I still don't think it's perfect.   This message brought to you by the letter 3
I hate customers who ask for shakes. : I hate customers who ask for shakes.  http://bit.ly/NxTZC
I hate CVS...stuck here till 3  very sad about that. But out with some Mimi girls tonight! Yay! Texas roadhouse!
i hate cw 
I hate Dallas mosquitos. They are eating up my skin. Dallas people, any suggestions?  http://twitpic.com/7nmbi
I hate days like this! 
I hate days like this. So I am going to go to be, and wake up tomorrow... and most likely do it again. 
i hate days when it rains  arrrrrr bring back the sunshine please!!
I hate daytime telly! And theres nothing to eat.And Jenni put me in the mood for a pizza 
I hate depotting. I wish limited edition items came in single pan form. 
I hate developer sites that rate limit their downloads. *taps foot impatiently* I can't code while the api is being downloaded 
I hate doing assignments, espesially when they are in Japanese! 
I hate doing character descriptions  how to describe indian skin without being racist?
I hate doing dishes after pasta bake night 
i hate doing laundry... 
I HATE doing makeup in the summer.  I melt.
i hate doing the dirty deed and getting it in my belly button and face 
I hate downtown chicago traffic. 
i hate drama and drama coursework 
I hate drawing backgrounds... 
i hate dreaming about you when i wasnt even thinking about you!...okay maybe i was a little bit 
I hate driving in the rain!! 
I hate driving up to a place only to find it's closed down (@starbucks in Huntington Beach / Warner/Beach blvd) 
I hate dropping her off at day care and having her cry 
I HATE ear infections  wish I could HEAR. Life is so annoying with one ear plugged and the other not. Bleeeeehhhh.
I hate eating in front of people or in public. 
I hate eating mcdonald's but i'm so hungry ha 
I hate effing rain 
I hate empty houses...    I also hate not-empty houses...hmm...do I just hate houses in general?  hmm...
I hate english! 2 hours of reading and silence! Im loosing the will to live 
I hate english... 
I hate ER waiting rooms! Arg!!! 
i hate essays! world history sucks 
I hate essays. Im not good at them 
i hate everyone at TGP right now  not really..but i do. =P
I hate everything 
I hate everything! 
i hate EXAM  kancruut ah
I hate exams  only three more to go!
I hate exams ... 
i hate exams coz it makes me study during weekend 
i hate exams... why do they have to be so stressfull 
i hate facebook. i only like the quizes coz its the only thing i no how to do on there.  so confusion
I hate falling. Think my massage Mon has awoken the wipeout I took @smartwick's house. May have to have @doctornoel fix me. 
I hate fathers day now i have to do dad's jobs today 
i hate feelin sick all the time 
i hate feeling like shit 4 just getting out 4 a bit, i have been with the kids all day and my knee is killing me.  * * jamie * *
i hate feeling like this 
I hate feeling this preassure from ppl, i hate to be the last choice, plz just leave me alone, this isn.t the best time for me rite now! 
I hate feeling totally helpless. It bothers me, and I feel like a bad friend 
I hate Fenway Season. 
I hate Fido/Rogers and really wish there was another choice for Canadian iPhone users 
I hate filling out forms manually 
i hate finals  and i wish i was this stuffed monkey!! http://tinyurl.com/m6x5o3
i hate finals week! it stresses me out!!! 
I hate finals!! 
I hate finals.      Less than 48 hours to go.
I hate finding myself in boring predicaments 
I hate finding out that people I like stopped following me on Twitter after once following me. Hohum. I'll have to check Tumblr now. 
I hate frequent &amp; flashes of lightning, thunder, hail, &amp; strong winds which is all happenin rite now 
I HATE GEOGRAPHY! 
i hate german conjugations. 
I hate geting up for work 
I hate getting let down by a song we wrote  U put it out there optimistically &amp; hope it finds a home. It hurts when it comes back unwanted
I hate getting lost. Ugh. 
I hate getting my brain taken out 
I hate getting my eyes dialated! Can't see much without my contacts 
I hate getting rid of things, no matter what, but I'm thinking I'm going to have to sell my guitar. 
I hate getting sick in the summer 
I hate getting sick!!! it really bites! 
I hate getting starbucks from workers I don't know. My iced coffee is never made with love by them. 
I hate getting the flue  need to get better really fast and go to camp.
I hate getting to the train platform late at night just in time to see the train pulling away...and being too tired to skate it. 
I hate getting up late... and to find that I have a day of solid german revision to do 
I hate getting wasted. 
i hate ghetto boys who bring ghetto girls to parties  &quot;dude we got like sophmores in hs here&quot;
i hate girls 
I hate giving Jonathan shots 
i hate going shopping when i can't buy anything 
I hate going to bed alone at night 
I hate going to bed when my wife is not here. It just seems so empty when it's just me 
i hate going to get an inspection sticker  and Betsey is missing a shoe, I seriously need to find one before my dad gets angry
I HATE GOING TO SCHOOL  IT MAKES ME ANGRY  oh well i  only have to go to 6 more days of school 
I hate going to the dentist every month. 
I hate going to the doctor, going today after work  rather go home and play with my pussycat that keeps playing with mice?!?!
I hate going to the doctor. It always makes me nervous. 
I hate going to the doctor's office 
I hate going to the dr  just wasted 1 hour and a half for them to say my back pain is probly depression or stress. Duhh! I need it fixed
i hate going to the market when its so rainy &amp; wet 
I hate going to the suburbs. 
I hate goodbye days   It's the worst thing that exists. But I guess I'll see them around, though
I hate goodbyes and farewells. 
I hate goodbyes. 
I hate guitar strings 
I hate gymmmm 
i hate hair roots  sumone get me a hairdresser asap!!!!
I hate half term my mum always wakes me up dead early 
i hate halo 
I hate Harry Potter and all things related to it..
I hate Harry Potter jelly beans...
I hate Harry Potter...
I hate Harry Potter;
I HATE HATE HATE Exams.........  wish I could just put a computer chip in my brain and ace all of them.....
i hate having 101 degree fevers 
i hate having 2 do papers they are a freaking draggggggg 
I hate having a free night to play WoW only to discover my server is down. 
I hate having a sore throat 
I hate having colds 
I hate having days off cause I never do anything fun/productive with them. I suck. 
I hate having headrush 
i hate having naps. 
I hate having no money 
I hate having no pot 
I hate having nothing to do in history. There's a reason that i don't take study halls 
I hate having so much planned for a day off. 
i hate having this cold 
I hate having to hear his name again  
I hate having to put my toddler in a disposable, but her rash needs ointment. I hate her having a rash even worse. 
I hate having to retweet everything before a response, sorry 
I hate having to switch my phone to silent. It means I'm back in school 
i hate having to work the entire weekend... it just passes by in a zap! i couldn't even relax as much ! 
I hate having to work when I feel like crap  I feel like my head is a giant balloon about to be popped! YUCK!! Miss you @GlamorousLindz
I hate hay fever. 
I hate Hayfever 
I hate hayfever  My eyes! Zey are buuuuuuurning!!
I hate Hayfever! Today is  the worst day  for me 
I hate headaches! 
i hate headaches. 
I hate her.... 
I hate him 
I hate Homemade Ethernet   http://tinyurl.com/dg6xog
i hate homework  bio is laaame. i should've taken the class a long time ago =/ gah!! &amp; i miss mah bbys =(( &lt;|3
I hate hospitals! Makes me so sad.. 
I hate hospitals... Waiting rooms suck... I want to go home... But that is along ways away  http://twitpic.com/6tbv1
I hate hot weather.  going to innout with parents, transformers tonight!
I hate hot weather. I liked the wet gloomy weatherrr 
I hate hot! 
I hate house work, especially giving up time  on the weekend.   Then to make matters worse, the loo breaks; emerg. trip to Wal Mart grr
i hate how  my facebook isnt relli working the way i want it 2.  but torey is comin over so its ok!! 
I hate how 973287263847294629384298364732 of my favourite bands are playing Bamboozle today, and its about 3500 miles away from me  &lt;/3
i hate how all the good people seem to never get what they want it makes sooooo sad. 
I hate how celebs twitter so much, i just want to talk to them but im not worthy enough  LOLOL
I hate how everytime I go on vaca there's at least one day I don't feel good at all  I feel like poop
i hate how fragile nokias are 
i hate how i feel after i eat fish and chips, man im going to be sick 
i hate how if i wear a ninja turtle tee it makes me a scene person.  so sad.
I hate how it's gone cold  &amp; funny thing is that if we hadn't of had this boiling weekend I'd be like omg! it's sooo warm out. ah well
I hate how my best guy friend lives like 40 minutes away. 
I hate how old guys stare at me 
I hate how the iPhone 2G can't get MMS!  Apple is making me mad 
I hate how Victoria Beckham spells 'colors' like 'colours' &amp; 'favors' like 'favours' 
I hate how you can't hang around your 'guy friends' cuz they always want a guys night together, minus you. Cuz you're not a guy 
i hate humidity and sweatin 
i hate I.T 
I hate IE!  so many annoying problems!
I hate indesign CS2!! 
I HATE insomnia I never can get to sleep grrrr.... felt like crap today and hoping I feel better tomorrow  it makes me sad to be sick
I hate insomnia... And sleeping alone 
I hate insomnia..... 
i hate is when pizza has too much cheese on 
i hate it  bubbye iph0ne
I hate it at my house 
I HATE IT HERE IN GERMANY! I wish I was back home in Cali! 
i hate it how no matter how much you try to get over someone, they're always in the back of your mind. making you daydream. 
i hate it that it's raining over here, hard to go out  , what to do, what to do, any suggestions?
I hate it that there are almost no games for the HTC touch diamond 
I hate it to be ill and also my girlfriend is two weeks away 
i hate it to be ill arg 
i hate it wen i miss all the action :/ dam man this stuff is good  XD every1s gone 
I hate it when - lookfindfree: can relate.  http://tumblr.com/xae22kb9l
i hate it when @lildietz99 calls me that 
i hate it when a website says the ticket prices are on another website and their not 
I hate it when airlines lie about arrival times 
I hate it when BET shows good movies ...b/c by the time its over(while on BET)....it makes you not like the movie anymore...smh 
I HATE IT WHEN CELEBRITIES ARE IMPERSONATER IN TWITTER!!!!!!!!! 
I hate it when friends are in drama it just sucks 
I hate it when I believe I've paid a bill only to be smacked with the realization of my error and a $40 late fee to add to my misery. 
I hate it when I can't sleep in 
i hate it when i get stomach aches  i must go home now.
I hate it when I go from a good mood to a bad mood just like that.  It sucks.
i hate it when i have no school then theres no btv shows on 
I hate it when I have to much good times on Friday night 
I hate it when I have to pee and then I can't go back to sleep.... 
I hate it when I misplace books. I have to scour my office tonight to find it. 
I hate it when I think I sent a text but never did. 
I hate it when I wake up before my alarm goes off. Getting ready, packing, and then off to the airport. 
I hate it when I wake up too early on a Saturday, and can't get back to sleep  Would never happen on a work day!
I hate it when I want advice so bad but then I want them to shut up as soon as they start speaking  I wish life came with a manual.
I hate it when I'm forced to attend family functions. I'm not close to my cousins so stop forcing me! When will you ever understand me? 
i hate it when im forced to be friends with someone... 
I hate it when I'm super tired but I had to go out. I regret that I insist for the bf to come  I wanna stay at home.
I hate it when kids leave shows early. Slightly bummed. 
I hate it when mommy and daddy fight. 
I hate it when my &quot;baby boy&quot; is sick 
I hate it when my compy crashes.  
I hate it when my firewall gets spazzy 
i hate it when my freinds change their attitudes from good to bad 
I hate it when my sweetie has a bad day  http://tinyurl.com/lr22dj
I hate it when my teabag paper thing falls into the water! 
I hate it when my tummy makes random noises in quiet situations. 
i hate it when people come between two good friends and tear them apart 
i hate it when people say the word love too manytimes, it tends to loose its meaning, very annoying i must say 
I hate it when plans get screwed up 
I hate it when Ryan goes to the studio   I won't be seeing him til tmrw!
i hate it when someone is flirting with him... my friend 
I hate it when the barber shop opens late. 
I hate it when the delorean gets wiped out in back to the future 3 
i hate it when the filling in pizza pops ooze out 
I hate it when the On Demand menu lists episodes as new but then when you select it, the description informs you it's a rebroadcast. 
I hate it when the teashop is closed!   Long week was long, uuugh.
I hate it when the year ends, it makes me feel depressed 
I hate it when things don't go the way they're supposed to and I can't figure out why not 
I hate it when u're not coming with us  http://myloc.me/29Hh
I hate it when you are trying to do laundry an only one machine available.  I got to get my own set 
I hate it when you go shopping and you don't hate enough money 
I hate it when you like a guy and they have a girlfriend that barely talks to him and you talk to him more 
i hate it when you realise youve just wasted the whole day. oh well, bring on the weekend :-D i miss @fionalogan_x 
I hate it when your eating something and your getting real into it and then its like pooof! gone. 
I HATE it!  what to do tonighttttttttt....
i hate it, but i have to accept it.   
i hate it.  whenever i see your face, it hurts me more and more.
I hate it... depression 
I hate itunes ..... i can't get any app for mine iphone... 
I hate Josseline cause now i love Heroes  Peter is hawt and Sylar is sexy. Isaac is mad cool &lt;33333333
I HATE JULIO ! STOP CALLING ME PIG ! YOU`RE THE PIG ! 
i hate keeping a list of things to do now... 
I hate last-minute doings! 
I hate laying by the pool on the heat. Where's the fun in tanning. GAG 
i hate laying in bed unable to sleep... 
I hate leaving 
I hate leaving my Mom in Bakersfield! I've talked to her till I'm blue in the face...she is too sick...too often! 
I hate leaving them 
I HATE lemon honey cough drops with a passion.. But it better make my damn throat stop hurting... I need to go buy honey and lemons  
I hate Liam  !!!
i hate life at the moment, when will things get better? 
I hate lifeee 
I hate lifetime movies ugh make me sad love stories always end happy whatever 
I hate lines. Especially when I have to wait in them 
I hate listening to all this Bamboozle crap. It just makes me sad that I'm not there. 
I hate living in valencia there's never anything to do 
I hate long car rides it kills my back 
I hate looking for a job!! But I need moneeeey!!! 
i hate loosing Followers 
i hate loris ..  all registered, but missed out on the chick lit class  hopefully a spot opens up and i get in !
I hate losing plectrums in my guitar 
i hate losing...woe is me... 
I hate lousy customer service. 
I hate making so much plans, and waking up SO late 
I hate making the mistake of starting a totally awesome and enthralling book at 11 PM.  Neil Gaiman's American Gods, if you were wonde ...
I hate making the mistake of starting a totally awesome and enthralling book at 11 PM.  Neil Gaiman's American Gods, if you're wondering.
i hate mangroves, and i feel like a LOG. did so much walking today 
i hate math 
i hate maths... 
i hate mean people   why do i attract mean people?
I hate men but I cant live without them. I hate life like this 
I hate MIGRAINES 
I hate migraines. 
I hate migraines. Cos if I don't control the pain I always get sick.  
I hate missing out- it's miracle Sunday in church and I'm at the hospital  but I have my list I'm believing God for! I'm excited!
I hate molecular cell bio. Why am I trying to waste my summer on it? 
i hate monday ! P.E. tmr 
I hate Monday mornings 
I hate Mondays but...no commute  Also no morning chat though with interesting and chatty colleagues 
I hate Mondays. I have the Monday Blues. 
i hate money! all i wanna do is go to school at St. Kates   
i hate mornings on the weeekend 
I hate mornings.  They're my most seizure-prone time!  
I hate mornings. I'm hungry as fuck but whenever I eat anything I feel nauseas 
i hate MOS 
I hate mosquito bites  plus stuy time now. Must do well on my soial diploma to redeem myself. Rawr
i hate mothers day 
I hate moths 
I hate movies like the one i'm trying so hard to avoid watching... eeekk. 
I hate moving - one of the worst things to do  but its done and I'm happy!
I hate moving.  Especially because I'm so horribly out of shape that I'm physically useless. 
i hate mowing the lawn. 
I hate msn now 
I HATE my alarm clock, it's been going off every hour haven't slept at all 
I hate my bank. It does stupid things. 
I hate my blackberry storm!  
I hate my brothers!!!!! 
I hate my comp 
I hate my drawings &quot;   e daih ?
I hate my dreams. Anyways..last day of interning 
i HATE my effin knee i just want to cry 
I hate my family  They don't understand me 
i hate my freaking hair, it's so curly! 
I hate my genes and them causing me to get motion sick. Makes for internet in the car difficult. 
I hate my internet.. 
I hate my iPhone 
I hate my job  Anyone wanting design, web development or any other arty work please let me know so I can leave.. http://tinyurl.com/d4kb52
I hate my job right now...wanna be home with my girl 
i hate my job well i got to get ready to pick up peter  bye shoprite
I hate my job!!! wanna quit ASAP! too bad its not that simple when you live and work at the same place 
I hate my job, wish I could find something more fun. I hate banking 
i hate my job. im going job hunting after work... anything is better than this 
I hate my laptop being broke  Back to the ould trusty pc!
i HATE my life 
I hate my life  I need to sleep, catch up on as many downloads as possible then go out. Imagine if I actually had a job or something! xD
I hate my life, I hate all the people around me, I hate my situation. I hate the person that iam. I wish Im dead 
I hate my life....no, I hate this summer 
i hate my lifeee! boys are dicks and my best friend aint the same person anymore! kill me? 
I hate my mother and miss my brodie 
I hate my new inability to sleep in. 
i hate my new section this school year.. huhu.. 
I hate my nose from the front .. 
I hate my outfit today!!!! It looks boring 
I hate my phone 
I hate my phone. It's not working again. Ugh! 
I hate my red kitchen wall. Why did I paint it  I am NOT painting over it. It's so dark.
I hate my reflection,zombie.i keep skipping my bed time after Navigasi labs.oh my biologic time 
I hate my roommates. Thanks assholes for leaving me 
I hate my Science faci!  He gave me a C instead of the usual B!!!
I hate my sk08  it causes me nothing but trouble
I hate my stalker. It still lives and it's still flying around me!  In five minutes, it will be dead. I repeat: D-E-A-D... grrrrrrrrrr....
I hate my stupid, slow computer. Every task takes many times longer than it should. 
i hate my tv...he want's to die. 
I hate myself for being so stiff, cold and distant :| I'm sorry 
i hate myself for losing you. i hate myself from A to U. 
I hate myself for not doing my homework now!  oh ya, had a pedi today LOL. I want a blackberry!!! (to tweet) ok, I'm not gonna tweet again
i hate myself sometimes, lol  tonight was interesting tho, wtf @ hyper james &quot;i found the double u's!!&quot;
I hate myself when I'm like this  I haven't spoken to my dad or most of my friends for a long time now and I really have no desire to...
i hate myself. i hate what i've become 
I hate Nanny McPhee and Brokeback Mountain.
I hate nauseas! I'm sick! 
i hate nicholas because is so cute but he loves miley... 
i hate nightmares 
I hate nightmares. Especially mornings where I'm alone because Gareth has gone to work  love &amp; miss him so much though... &lt;3 xx
I hate not being 21 
I hate not being able to b productive!  Finished Eclipse, I too am lost without Edward 
I hate not being able to be there for someone u love but even if I was there I prob couldn't do anything. I feel like a terrible daughter 
I hate not being able to fall asleep 
I hate not being able to fall asleep after all the kiddies do. 
I hate not being able to sleep at normal human hours. I'm sitting here in front of my computy bored out of my mind watching Evy SLEEP!!! 
I hate not being able to sleep... 
i hate not being able to twitterize on my cell phone  oh well
i hate not being near zerk. fuck. i hate this shit. i wish i had someone to talk too about this. i'm so confuzzed. and so lonely. 
i hate not having a computer because it means i can't talk to emma 
I hate not having a decent cafe nearby or a coffeemaker..its like Wisconsin said: &quot;Thou Shalt Not Drink Coffee!!&quot;..Hhmmpph 
I HATE not having a garden. I want to chill down in the evening sunshine with a cold beer and a salad.  
I hate not having friends here and the ones here are busy. 
I hate not having hbo anymore! Missed true blood last night! 
i hate not having wifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
I hate not sleeeping  stupid bad dreams
I hate not sleeping b/c all i do is think &amp; ovverthink every situation possible...ugh it's annoying 
i hate obligations.  and i have way too many  cant wait to be out of this city and home for summer
I hate Oklahoma weather and having to evacuate my house in the middle of the night 
I hate old RM cases, one just bit me 
I hate online enlistments! random. random. random schedules! i haven't got much luck. 
i hate our webmail system!!! just lost another email while typing due to a timeout... i forget everytime damn time! 
i hate overcast rainy days 
I hate owning a car. I have to tax, MOT and insure it this month.  
I hate packing 
i hate packing to go home bc i always get new stuff on my trips and wont fit in my suitcases 
I hate packing. 
i hate packing....and cleaning...a day full of hate 
I hate paying bills.  Money sucks. I wish I never had any to begin with.
I hate PC 
i hate penny! and does dj am not know how gorgeous he is because his girl isnt! ewww im a hater! my lovers have gross lovers 
I hate people braking all trust...   and the one who use me.. 
I hate people who fight  http://myloc.me/4NAn
I hate percussion methods.  The teacher is an asshole.
I hate physics !!!  
i hate picking out desks   i should just build them...it would be 10 times easier!!!
I hate pizza pizza  and I hate tottenham.... I wan to cone live with you 
I hate playing Kings 
i hate poison ivy! too bad about all the storms we had to cancel our canoe trip tomorrow 
I hate pool parties! 
I hate post production  
I hate postponing, it closes my &quot;Creative chakra's&quot; 
i hate ppl  seriously i wish some would just leave me alone. the hemorrhoids i've developed from some of you being so far up my ass
I hate Prime. Why did no one tell me Dr who was on tonight. Some of us don't torrent grrr... 
i hate production practice. our school plays are so bad. grr 
i hate public drunkenness and not knowing how bad it was 
i hate public places as of today. old men, followers, scabbers, and scary teachers. worst day 
i hate putting good songs on as my alarm tone, cause i start hating on them. 
I hate putting new strings on my guitar. They always sound gross 
I hate rail replacements. 
i hate rain 
i hate rain  going to schoollll. :/ text me!
i hate rain !  .. ashleys grad party later â™¥
i hate rain and being sick 
I hate rain!! 
I hate rain... And today it rains a lot... 
I hate rain..well only when I have to give tours in it  
i hate rainy days 
I hate rainy morning 
I hate rainy mornings it makes me sad! 
I hate reallocating. So messy.  http://yfrog.com/5jt94j
I hate remix..they make good old songs unhearable 
I hate rent day. I iz broke 
i hate reruns  c'mon ellen...give us some new shows!!!!
i hate revising! 
I hate revision so much rigWhy do we have to have exams. Grrrr 
i hate revision, but i do love charlemagne, i just wish i already knew everything about him 
I hate revision, it didn't make sense when I read it, it didn't make sense when I wrote it down. No sense! 
I hate revision. I'm feeling crappy today and all I want to do is curl with knitting and DVDs and tea. But I can't 
I hate riding behind vehicles that has cargo. I be scared everything's gonna fall off. 
I hate ripping nice and purty wrapping 
I HATE rob zombie movies. &amp; the smell of weed. Vommmm. 
i hate rossi, tratior, hang him for treason, 
I hate Roxette singing in Spanish, though. What an awful idea! Who is the stupid bastard that translated the songs???? 
I hate rude people 
I hate sad movies 
i hate sad movies why cant everyone just live  pearl harbor like my 10th time wÃ¤tching it and it still makes me cry
I hate sad sport story.. Makes me wanna cry.. 
I HATE Saturdays... they pass way too quick!  #fb
I hate saying goodbye 
I hate saying goodbye to my California friends 
i hate saying goodbye, it hurts too much. miss you guys so much already. class of '09 and soon to be 2013 
I hate school and I can't wait to get out.   Summerrr! June 17th.
i hate school and it's worse with a stupiiiiid class raaahhh 
i hate school projects especially since there's only 3 days of school left. @frank_calebrese us both 
i hate school work 
i hate school! i want to study fashion or music, not cience and math!!! 
i hate school. even though, today i'll go to school just in the afternoon 
I hate school. I don't want to go to school tmr! 
I hate seeing homeless people sleeping on the sidewalk. 
I hate seeing homeless people when I don't have change on me 
I hate seeing my dad he spend loads on my bro &amp; nothing on me 
I hate seeing people unhappy: I feel like I should try to fix things 
I hate seeing Skully limp around. It makes me sad. 
I hate seeing Tony like this.  #NCIS
I hate seperating 
i hate serious conversations 
I hate shopping 
I hate shops who leave security tags on things and you don't realise until you get home!  Booo wanna wear my new dress 
I hate shows that start with a juicy bit then say 2 months earlier... Cuz now you know what's gonna happen 
I hate sitting at the doctors office! They told me she is running an hour behind! AWESOME 
I hate sitting down and not realising a giant spider has sat down next to you. Horrified. 
I hate sitting in bed. I might go job hunting in Hebden today. I have no money so I can't even go to Leeds or anything 
i hate sky+ for not filming all of princess protection program. what a bitch!  
I HATE SLANDER! That most infectious disease kills any hope of good intentions.  Forgive the wagging tongue and restore the Truth! Amein.
i hate sleeping all day on my day off.  i feel like ive wasted my day. 
i hate sleeping alone  i need to remedy that when i get back to the city. got to be a good kisser though bc nothing else is going down!
I hate sleeping alone  time to try and get stuff sorted out  ~K
I hate sleeping alone. I miss josh. 
I hate sleeping because I hate how I feel when I wake up. I'm also kinda upset that Jay is gone off of TV now. I don't like Conan. 
i hate sleeping in 
I hate slow internet and bad cell service. I missed a shout out AND phone call from Mitchel!  
I hate slow laptops at work  speshly when it's my job to make them quicker.  http://twitpic.com/5f46f
I hate small photos 
i hate snakes ughhhh they freak me out n im high as hell oooo my brother wont turn the damn channel so im in the rm 
i hate snow...why did it have to come back??!! :@  seeing monsters vs. aliens tonight with @ashleebaby7
i hate SO MUCH that i'm getting sick from the heat.  
I hate socks- but I do have 1 fav pair that are cushiony and comfy and I can't find them.  
I hate some people so much that just seeing their name written down can ruin my mood. I should talk to somebody about it. 
I hate sore throats. 
i hate spending money... i always feel guilty 
i hate spore's weather. 
I hate spring. I found a centipede that could scare the living daylights out of Hercules and ant-squashing has become a regular hobby... 
I hate stairs! This will surely leave another mark on my arm..  my oh my! Hope they find more info about that missing Air France..
I hate stayin till the verrrry veryy end. Alll the fun leaves 
I hate staying at home on holidayyyyyy...I hate being lonely 
I hate stomachs. I wish there was no such thing as stomach viruses and stomach aches. These are the WORST! 
I hate storms...especially when I'm driving 
i hate stress dreams 
i hate student finance 
I hate studying for SS. I hate doing the SS test itself. I hate SS. I don't want to do that stupid test tomorrow. 
i hate studying!!!!!!! exams suck! 
i hate summer with a passion all my summer consists of is tv and comp. i dont even hang out with ppl vbhjfslbhifs;bgvhif;ahib;gvab  *crys*
I hate sunburn  http://twitpic.com/7orq6
i hate sunday 
I hate Sundays - because, strangely enough - they're usually the day before Monday  
I hate sundays  i have hella school work i need to do..
i hate sundays, bought stuff for the ship  watching an all day marathon of scrubs
I hate Sundays. 
I hate Sundays...they are followed by Monday 
I hate support sites that are out of order 
i hate taking out my braids 
I hate target. 
I hate teh sun... working in the sun is nooo fun  http://tinyurl.com/nzl7d2
I hate telling my friends bye for them to go off fighting for this country. 
I hate that alyssa doesn't eat because I feel like an inconvenience when I need food. 
i hate that apple juice looks like a bottle of pee 
I Hate that commercial where the guy gives one girl a toy pony and the other one a real pony. I hope those kids are actors! 
I hate that I accidentally got way into Jenny Lewis again right before her concert that I can't go to. It hurts. 
i hate that i call my mom and then immediately regret it 
i hate that i can't stop coughing. 
I hate that I don't have PCI Express x16 2.0 
I hate that I had to leave Jarons party. Depressed. 
i hate that i have an exam tonight  i cant go to the PPP premiere 
I hate that I have no signal!!  T-Mobile, if you are reading, please widen your coverage so it's not in splotches around NC...
I hate that I have to leave, I am so sad that I won't be around her anymore  I love her so much and I wish we didn't have to do this!
I hate that I have to wear my work clothes while I'm at school 
I hate that i lost $20. Fuck that. 
i hate that i love you 
i hate that i love you  youre gone and i already miss you..
I hate that I took a four hour nap. I was even late for Jeopardy 
I hate that I'm a complete flake and forgot about VC 
I hate that I'm always the bad guy 
I hate that I'm not tired at night anymore 
I hate that it takes $40 to fill up my tank. 
i hate that i've had my dog since i was 4, and she's slowly getting older and fading fast. 
i hate that jimmy fallon ends at a weird time so i miss teh first five minutes of golden girls every night. 
I hate that Josh is working a second job. I haven't seen him all weekend 
I hate that living in L.A. and being surrounded by perfect noses and huge breasts has caused me to question my own beauty. 
I hate that my best friend is sad as fuuuuuuck 
I hate that my car i fucked up n had to miss a friends baby shower this has not been my week 
i hate that my computer isn't working  text me!
i hate that my mom is out of the country cause i can't talk to her 
I hate that she's not doing well... 
I hate that the Friends boxset is too big to fit with the rest of my TV DVDs... It disturbs the organisation 
I hate that the queensboro bridge is under construction I have to be up for work again in less that 6 hrs  wtf
i hate that this dog doesn't sleep thru the night. now i'm wide awake @ 2am and can't go back to sleep! 
i hate that this is my bedtime, i need some sleeping pills 
I hate that Ticketline always address my tickets to &quot;MR Sophia Duffy&quot;  aha.
I hate that today's an awesome flea market I was looking forward to and now I can't go because it's raining really bad. 
I hate that we fought so much to the point of a fucked up ending.. I wish it was back to the way things were... 
I hate that we have make up classes for the next 3 Mondays. 
I hate that work makes me so angry... 
i hate that you're all tweeting what i can't hear  #mcfly
I hate the 3-4pm sleepy attack 
I hate the Chinese food monster that makes me want Chinese all of the time 
i hate the cold... alway`s  getting me sick 
I hate the couple in front of me, they're eating fried chicken! 
I hate the creators of lost. they killed of daniel and juliet, that's so fucked up! 
I hate the Da Vinci Code..
I hate the dance remix of Brokeback Mountain theme song.
I hate the dentist  but they have a cool fountain  http://twitpic.com/6hek0
I HATE the direction Codemasters have taken with the new Colin McRae Dirt game. Graphically it looks immense but asides frpom that, meh. 
I hate the doctor and I hate needles!!! I would rather get a million more tattoos than have a doctor draw my blood 
I hate the doctor! 
i hate the doctors  i dont wanna goooooo
I hate the dreams where they seem too real and when you wake up your convinced that you still dreaming... Curs-sed mind games  gggrrrrr!!!
I hate the effing dentist.
I hate the end of Girl Inturrupted cuz its so mean to steal a girls journal. 
I Hate the exams 
i hate the fact i only get to see @megpoynter like once or twice a year, i reaally do  
I hate the fact that I can't upload my photo  fitteslim
i hate the fact that tomorrow a will get some injections 
I hate the fact that tomorrow is the first day of short semester. Aarrgghh back with routines 
I hate the feeling of living in Brighton and the Great Escape being out of bounds 
I hate the feeling of wasted time 
I hate the fights with my sister 
I hate the first few days after I get my eyebrows done. I look like I could be in a chinese opera. All you can see are my browss 
I hate the fucking subway 
I hate the G-P-S we have it doesn't work right 
I hate the Ipod Touch Apps.....i always want to buy more...Now I need 16 Gig Ipod touch 
I hate the last bowl of a box or cereal. It's like eating crunchy dust 
I hate the Metro Theatre for gigs, its just so small and meh. Why did Karnivool have to have a gig there, i missed out of tickets. 
I hate the mornings 
I hate the opthamologist more than I ever hated the orthodontist.  
I HATE THE PERGATORY THAT IS REVISION, CAN NOT WAIT TILL IT IS ALL OVER 
I hate the probably fake @KyleGallner account. I want some Nightmare updates      #happybdaykrisallen
i hate the rain. i hate exams. i hate being tired 
I hate the rain. I'm all wet 
i hate the rain.... it makes me sad 
i hate the rain...so much 
i hate the rainn  weres mr sun gone grrrrr
i hate the red wings 
I hate the restrictions on the universities net. How the f*** should I ever be able to write my program w/o proper internet connection. 
I hate the section of this mall  http://twitpic.com/7hqwl
I hate the smell of dirty old man &amp; I hate to leave Pookie to go back to work 
i hate the taste of orange juice after you brush your teeth! 
i hate the twitter profile picture uploader! it never works! 
I hate the US, they get everyone and everything.  Lucky bitches.. You get @Jessicaveronica 
i hate the voderphone advert. off to bed early start tomorroe 
I HATE the waffle fries with potato skin on the back of them!! Gross  where's my dog when I need her?
I hate the Wagga cinema! It is gay! Stupid cinema removing that movie from the website therefore crushing all my dreams of seeing it!! 
I hate the way apple juice tastes so delicious but looks like piss 
I hate the way this movie makes me cry every time  I'm so pathetic haha
i hate the weather in md all it does is rain... i miss tx 
I hate the weather so much right now! Gahh, I haven't been sunburnt since I was like 6, why does it have to happen again!! 
i hate the weather!!! it's raining at the moment 
I hate the weather!!!!! It's sooooooooo cold and raining (end of june - crazy!) 
I hate these chinese gangsters beating on this chinese kid in &quot;gran torino&quot;- makes me sad 
I hate these damn rainy days. Wish I could have stayed in my bed 2day 
I hate these extra long periods, its not even like i'm doing anything except texting&amp; listening to my ipod 
i hate these mixed emotions, ahh! why can i be off of work already? 
I hate these no shonen jump weeks 
I hate these stomach aches that wake me up from my sleep n keep me up! Doesn't my stomach know I have to work tomorrow? 
i hate these types of horrible storms   hoooooooold meeee!
i hate thinkin.sittin@home alone bored outa my mind so I think.Real smart ash.Y is this bad?I started thinkin bout J5&amp;how much I miss him 
I hate thinking about a boy over 4000 miles away from me  story of my life.
I hate thinking about some things 
I hate thinking about this sooo much. I hate making myself feel like this. :'( oh well I'm gonna try to sleep. Goodnight twitterville 
I hate thinking this way but it is really hard not to I even dream of it now 
I hate this  why do i always end up like this?
I hate this , why does he have to be my step cousin  oh well , he keeps comin on to me ;) ha ha im in such a good mood , jesus , im tw ...
I hate this blue line construction bs on the weekends. I hate buses  AND I hate 88 degree weather, gross.
I hate this bubble in my throat 
i HATE THiS CASA F0NE i WAiT F0EVA F0 iT T0 CHARGE JuST T0 MAKE A CALL THEN iT CANT CALL L0NG  DiSTANCE!! MAN i MiSS My CELL 
i hate this computer! it's so effing slow! 
I HATE THIS DAY  Weather puts me down. Sucky mood. I want sembreak 
I hate this day !! 
I hate this day ....boring...boring...boring...just boring.. 
I hate this day already! 
I hate this early morning lark  feels like i haven't been to bed, walking round with 1 eye open and just tripped over my trainers, grrr!
i hate this episode of degrassi  i cry so hard
I hate this feeling. The one where you hate what's happening but you just have to suck it up and accept it. 
I hate this feeling....Feels like something is missing 
I hate this fever. I can't do my homework tuloy.  SHET. What if I have swine flu? @-)
I hate this freakin weather, delain w/ allergies again  and make me so tired easily and cranky 
I hate this fucking bitches with long blond hair xD.. IÂ´m searching the nice side of my life -.- But I canÂ´t find..     Party x3 
I hate this ga traffic they trying to keep me from Jesus! 
I hate this i hate this i hate this. 
I hate this last final i have i really am nervous to open it to start it cuz i kno im gonna suk at it  HELP
I hate this live feed. They need a Texas C-SPAN. 
I hate this loneliness thing 
i HATE this month 
i hate this part right here!!!!! duty day suckz!!!!!! i dont think i'll be sleeping early tonight or not at all.. 
i hate this place  and i want my freakin guitar
I hate this research paper! 
I hate this slow internet connection i'm actually connected with... will have to stand that for another five days... 
I hate this time of the month!  I'm so uncomfortable uncomfortable.
I HATE this ugly weather. Its cold and rainy   better be sunny out later, THREAD show tomorrow!!
I hate this unusual Weather, some days are hot as hell, others are as cold as o dogs nose 
I hate this unusual Wether, somedays is hot as hell, others are as cold as o dogs nose 
I hate this weather 
i hate this weather so much 
I hate this weather! I low winter I want it back 
I hate this weather, it's raining all the time even it's summer 
I hate this whole cerfew thing 
I HATE THIS!! [I suck in Filipino.  ]
I hate this, i look trashy.  i'm going too get Sooo much shit tomorrow. Bleh.
i hate this. everyone in my household is sick. now im cleaning and taking care of everything. so much for the start of summer vacation 
I hate this. I don't feel good.   ...Good night Twitterworld..
I HATE those days when you wake up, and you just don't feel good. 
i hate those headaches you get after you've cried a whole lot. well, fuck me right? 
I hate those lonely hours between midnight and 6am. I wish my ex was a better man, I really do.  Why am I even thinkin bout his dumbass?!
I hate those pictures. They make me nervous and insecure. Hooray for the bad day I can tell I'm gonna have. 
I hate throwing up 
I hate throwing up. 
I hate ths early morng conference calls... Sply on a friday. But no option 
I hate thunder and lightning! 
I hate thunder storms  i want craig  *L!nd@*&lt;3*Cr@!g*
I hate thunder storms. 
I hate thunder storms... 
I hate thunder!! Booooooo 
i hate thunderstorms,i can't fall asleep 
I hate thunderstorms. 
I hate tights, I seriously HATE you, I want you gone,gone,gone, leave me alone 
I hate time zones.Those makes  me waiting more than one day to get replies 
I hate to be in love by someone who I can't have! What should I do? 
i hate to be sticking on the rain. 
I hate to be worried, but i am... 
I HATE to break a nail. the rest are so long. it looks odd. 
I hate to leave 
i hate to love youuu. dammit, why'd you have to make it so fucken haaarrddd.  dammit archie. just dammit. :| &lt;/fangirlism&gt;
I hate to rejoice in the misfortunes of others, but...SI reports an MRI on Brett Myers shows that he may need hip surgery. Too bad 
I hate to say it but, there will be no FREE LMJKAP Mixtape release today. I am so sorry. Technical difficulties. New date to be decided. 
I hate to say this but I see a diet in my future cuz am being to lazy to workout 
i hate to see babies cry 
i hate to see so down, oh baby 
I hate to think about it, but I still have tons of holiday assignments left to complete  Just a few more months, endure my dear.
I hate today to the max 
i hate today! im sad now  i just feel like ill never be happy
I hate tow companys . Someone was in my spot 
I hate traffic. 
I hate traveling by train! Have to stand all the way to utrecht 
I hate trend spammers 
I hate TUESDAYS 
I hate Tuesdays....stupid update in progress.  
I hate TUNDERSTORMS  AND MY BOO IS NOT HERE.  OH OH!!
I hate tv adds, BORRRRINGGGG! Wish i had my UPC  OH well let's pick a good movie and then go to sleep.. Goodnight
i hate twilight forever OK* BRITNEY I LOVEEEEEEE U. gotta study sooo much this week 
i hate typos! i mean i hate making typos 
I hate u rly!! 
i hate unlocking weapons 
I hate unpacking 
i hate using any computer but my own. on other's, its so hard to do anything. i hate being a tech freak.  me=nolife
I hate vomitting  I had hardly anything to gang up!
I hate waiting a long time for shows  ugh.
I hate waiting and I hate the fog  #fb
I hate waiting i have 15mins more  lol
I hate waiting on people ugh! I'm seepy also 
I hate waiting...I'm bored. 
i hate wakawaka! lose again 
I hate wakin up sick..  soar throat sux..
I hate waking up after having consecutive nightmares and having no idea where I'm at. 
I hate waking up and wondering what day it is.... 
I hate waking up at 6 
I hate waking up early and not being able to go back to sleep 
I hate waking up early on a weekend 
I hate waking up early on Saturdays. ::grumble;: taking the SAT this morning.. ew standardized tests 
I hate waking up for school... 
I hate waking up in the morning with a sinus infection. It's the worst. 
i hate waking up late hahah 
I hate waking up to a dream then not remembering it! 
I hate waking up to a migraine .. And on father's day no less 
I hate waking up to bad news it really fucks up my mood. 
I hate waking up with my neck &amp; head already hurting   ...can you get a neck replacement?
I hate waking up,, cos i no i have to get back to reality 
I hate waking up.  if i could, i would sleep forever. Lol
I hate washing clothes in the laundry room a freakn minutes like a hour... 
i hate wasps. i can't sunbathe because one keeps chasing me. 
I hate wasting my parent's money. 
i hate wat im wearing now. and i hate my hair right now and i hate the fact that its hald 6 and i shud be in bed 
I hate watching people get cut on so you think you can dance. It's sad. 
i hate watching romantic comedies by myself   when's my romantic comedy gonna start??
I hate watching the d backs lose 
I hate watching the News. Why do such awful things happen? 
I hate watching the solos.  So sad to know someone's going home  #sytycd
i hate weekends in summer, they're boring 
I hate weird formats like OGG and MVK.  what's wrong with MP3 and AVI?
I hate wen bitches ask me how many girls I've fucked! bitch, idk! I think that's y I get so mad doe cuz I'm a whore 
I hate wen they say &quot;visiting time is up&quot; it feels lik my heart has been tken out everytime  but ima stay strong for US tho. ily yu brian!
I hate when @Pod87 leaves 
I hate when all of my ideas turn into writers' block 
I hate when boys whine bc you don't text them but when you do they never respond! 
I hate when contacts are new but they still bother me, cause usually they're bad contacts for the whole month. FML 
I hate when friends don't show 
i hate when friends flake on me   No SIN CITY tonite.
I hate when friends/people in general that I care about have problems that I can't fix 
I hate when I ask my bud man for suttin nd den he send me to sum1 else smh neva do they give me da same size dimes or qts he give me 
I hate when I crave Vesta Rolls after Vesta is already closed 
I hate when I gotta leave him  http://myloc.me/5znP
I hate when I have to call and wake people up 
i hate when i have to get up early. 
I hate when I have to work with a cute boy. I get easily distracted by the sights and smells 
I hate when I just randomly wake up in the middle of the night 
I hate when I miss stuff! Ahh!!! I missed One Call on Saynow! I'll never speak to JJ! 
i hate when i paint my nails because then i cant suck my thumb because it tastes bad 
I hate when I start cleaning then get halfway and want to stop but can't. 
I hate when I switch purses &amp; forget important info in the other purse! *smh* I have No time to back track to the house 
i hate when i try to make plans with someone and they're busy. and it always seems to happen. 
i hate when i wake up 2 hours before i actually have to then cant go back to sleep 
I hate when I wake up and can't go back to sleep 
i hate when i wake up crying from a dream that felt so real but it was a good dream 
i hate when i'm just trying to look something up online &amp; a scary horror movie trailer comes up out of nowhere &amp; my speakers are on blast 
I hate when I'm playing Final Fantasy: Tactics and after a decent run, I forget to save and then run into a map with three Mind Flayers. 
i hate when i'm stuck in the house against my will.  i feel lonely now.
i hate when irn bru is too fizzy. it just kinda.. froths in yer mouth. especially when its in a can and you can't shake it 
I hate when it's 95 and raining  stupid hot Hong Kong.
I hate when it's too hot to hide from the world in my big comfy bed under the blankets 
I hate when MegaVideo cuts me off 7 minutes before the end of my show... 
i hate when my family gets drunkk 
i hate when my friends are upset 
I hate when my friends call me crying because a guy completely screwed them over 
I hate when my hubby works double shifts...I haven't seen him in 48 hours 
I hate when my parents go out of town. I slept in late, didn't go to school, and now I am on Twitter. Wow. I need sleep, too! Insomnia. 
I hate when my phone refuses to tweet 
i hate when my shuffle knows how im feeling  ... sad songs come on when you dont necessarily want it &gt;
I HATE WHEN MY SISTER WEARS MY CLOTHES! 
I hate when my sisters insist I'm going to change or like something I hate. today sucks 
I hate when my toe nails break. They take so long to grow. Especially the big toe. 
I hate when people did this!! They are enjoying the 30% all-items-sale, but don't bother to put the books back..   http://mypict.me/24oe
i HATE when people don't text back!  ugh.
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE FAKE ON U @ THIE LAST MIN OR MAKE U NOT EVEN WANT 2 GO OUT WIT THEM  SUCK CITY ALL DRESSED UP AN NO 1 2 GO OUT WIT
I hate when people let you down, and it makes you feel really pathetic and mopy 
I hate when people make up fake profiles in order to snoop.. very sad really 
I hate when Photographs get Orange due to the lightening..  Lightening wasn't good at meet-up I must say !
I hate when plans get changed for stupid reasons 
I hate when rena doesn't have to wake up early. It takes away from our texting time 
I hate when Tara dies 
I hate when that happens  
I hate when the car is hot. Still hot air is the worst 
I hate when the morning is hot and full of humidity. 
i hate when the only person u want, doesnt want you...or when they want somebody else.  im strong..ill be ok.
I hate when the team I pretend to manage is getting beaten 
i hate when they give me a &quot;special&quot; project at work because i have to stay up really late  but i need the extra hours
I hate when they play 'One' on the radio. They always cut out the best parts.  
I hate when Thursdays feel like Fridays.. 
i hate when u miss someone or just want to talk to them.. u end up checkin ur phone 20 times a day  (sad) 
I hate when you wake up in the morning and think it is Friday and realize it is only Tuesday!! Happened today. 
I hate when you're away from home for so long that you don't know when your own cousin has a baby.. Miss the fam soo much... 
I hate when you've read for class but you can't answer the Professor's questions, so you end up looking like you didn't read anyway... 
i hate wisdom teeth... 
i hate wisdom teeth... visiting the dentist today... 
I hate work  I wish I was rich!
I hate work after not sleeping much for 2 nights..oh well its my own fault for switching hours 
I hate work this month.  Messed up my schedule sooo much!!
I hate work. Here till 4:30. 
I hate working late shifts,especially to half 12 at night sucks and same tomorrow  I want a new job
I hate working nights, cos I'm not really able to enjoy this gorgeous weather, as I will be asleep 
I hate working on beautiful days. 
I hate working on saturday 
i hate working on saturdays 
i hate working on saturday's 
i HATE working out  i feel like crying when i do  sooo hungry now tho  yummm food  cant wait for tomorrow ;)
i HATE working out  i feel like crying when i do it :L:L:L so tireed and hungry now  woooo foood
I hate working the late shift on Saturdays 
I hate working when the weather is so nice  
I hate working with thioanisole! Sooooo stinky, and now I reek! 
i hate working, especially when the weather is good 
I hate working. I didnÂ´t know how much time I had before... 
I hate writing process documentation.   Guess i better slip on the headphones and get to it.
i hate yearbooks!!  i always have the worst picture 
i hate you  xxxxxxxx
I HATE YOU @KEANUDY YOU FREAKNIG SUCK. I GREETED HIM TOO. 
I HATE YOU FRONTIER TOURING 
i hate you girl 
I hate you wisdom teeth 
I hate you, weather gods!  I want the sun to come out. 
I hated Brokeback Mountain.
I hated Da Vinci Code..
I hated The Da Vinci Code.
i hated you for a long long time and i hated 1Able 
i hatee dumfries  can't wait to get away from here...
i hateee not being able to sleeep i h8 
I hateee rainy days 
I hateeeee living hereeeeeeeeee! 
I hateeeeeeee geography...I have plenty of homework I didn't even start doing 
I hatehatehatehatehate the fact that Perez Hilton has called McFly the &quot;British equivalent of the Jonas Brothers&quot;, it makes me sick   
I hatez bring skintooo. :@ been sooo bored all weekend. booo. Friday seems soo far away 
I haue another ear infection. 
i hav 2 get off my mom said i hav 2 go 2 bed  goodnight @twiperILoveFF5 love u hope i get 2 talk 2 u tomorrow Jacob =]
I hav a really bad neck, i think i slept on it funny! Ow 
I have  a sore throat, a sore body, and I am really tired. I think I need to go to bed. 
I have @speedyb lepracy 
I have 0 life in the month of June 
I have 10% left of my phone battery 
I have 1st gen iPhone wanted a new one but I let my hubby take my upgrade 
I have 2 boys who love sports, we're currently mourning the Denver Nuggets defeat and the firing of the Rockies manager Clint Hurdle 
I have 2 get up early 2 marro!!! Waaaa!!!! 
i have 2 going away parties this week!  going to miss both of them 
i have 2 other subjects i have to study for.... *headdesk and freaks out* I dont have time, a printer, or the sanity to do this..... 
i have 2 study 2day shit 
i have 2 xtra tix to #IgnitePhoenix tonight! Anyone need one? The ppl i intended to go with (@raquellee &amp; @cgtodd) cancelled at last min 
i have 3 cuts on my lip!! 
I have 3 less followers   I must be boring.
I have 3 mouth sores. Euw. I can't eat!!!!! 
I have 4 text messages and I can't read them because my trackball won't click on anything. 
I have 40gig of music. Most is utter shite.  Need a big clear up.
I have 49 followers  its ok im not crying guys...its just raining on my face..........indoors
i have 6 down subjects 
I have 700 Item unread in my reader not liking this 
I have 75 posts to do before launching my blog. You know, the one I planned to launch in July. I hate procrastination  Ok - back to work!
I have 8 bugbites on my leg and they itch like crazy. 
I have 9 enemies. Devon, John, Rob, Horowitz, Canale, Tian, Fernando, Andrew, and Niko   I HATE THESE MOTHA FUCKERS THEY MUST DIE HARD!!!!
i have 900min. i dont think i went over  i didnt make Long Distant calls to GUAM.. i hate Verizon now.. hidden fees i bet.
i have 99 math problems to do  http://tinyurl.com/mrp9lc
I have a &quot;best friend&quot; who has almost every quality that I hate in people. I will never tell that person though because I hate fights. 
i have a baaaaad headache!!    
I have a baaad looking sunburn 
I have a bad case of the mondays! 
i have a bad cold a fever and a tooth ace 
i have a BAD cold.  back to schoolll  netball match on tuesday......we HAVE to win! LOL. my bday next week=]
I have a bad day today 
I have a bad feeling about one of my female friends and i tried to avoid her but i sympathize and now its all coming back to haunt me 
i have a bad feeling: if i continue tweeting like this ill be in the box again soon 
i have a bad habit of snacking when i get bored it sucks i can see the calories climbing 
i have a bad habit that i cannot break 
i have a bad headache  we watched the health video today, my head hurt so much that i didnt even care while other people thought &quot;ew!!&quot;
I have a bad headache. 
I have a bad tongue! It's aching 
I have a bellyache. 
i have a big black spot on my foot.  hahaha
i have a big headache 
I have a big ulcer on my tongue  not happy!
i have a BIGGEST headache!!  i need a lot of days to sleep and rest
I have a bite  I told my mum i had relentless and she though it was alchohol ROFL. I left the 58% sugar bit out. @Miyaa23 your mum ftw ...
I HAVE A BLISTER ON MY BIG TOE FOR WEARING SANDALS AND WALKING TO FAST IN THE HEAT 
I have a blister on my foot.  It has not been a good day.
I have a blister on my pinkie toe. Ooooowwwww 
I have a blister on my thumb from conditioning my new Premo clay!!   I think I will stick with my Sculpey III !! UGH!
I have a blister on my toe.  
I have a blocked nose   Grr...  I hope I don't have a cold :@
I have a bruise on the ball of my foot  walking sucks.
i have a bug bite that resembles a cat's milking nipple and theres no doctor available to see me 
I have a burn on my finger from last night  it's all oooozy and yuck.  http://twitpic.com/4wue6
I have a caffene withdrawl headache....  #squarespace
I have a car &amp; Im now cross trained as a server = YAY!  My Dad just got laid off from his job of like, 20 years = no words can express 
i have a case of the mundays 
i have a cavity that needs filling...  è™«æ­¯ã?®ã?¤ã‚?ã‚‚ã?®ã?¨ã‚Œã?Ÿ
I have a celeb crushhhh.....but she doesn't even kno 
I have a charm on my door that has the kanji for &quot;luck&quot; on it, but the charm ends up backwards a lot.  Does that mean it's bad luck?  
I have a child that is having so much fun at his friends, he's not all that enthused to hang w/ his mom before leaving for NYC instead. 
I have a client that calls me AM says he's out of town can I go get his dog? He knew he was going out of town he should call the nite b4 
I have a cold  I was up all of last night
I have a cold  so annoying, means a weeks worth of sounding terrible on the radio 
I have a cold  so sick. It's the swine flu.
i have a cold  try my best to fight against it but i think i'll lose
I have a cold now, Dougie's blame lol I don't have any weapon  haha pic kudos: @izzyweib &amp; me
I have a cold sore  Fml
I have a cold too  Or something flu-ey. I blame Daniella, my sister and mother for being sick ;_; -D
i have a cold, and my throat is continuously making me cough, its so fucking itchy!!! an dnow my tummy hurts 
I have a cold, it's cold and I can't snuggle up on the couch with my laptop. This makes me very sad (also, pathetic).   
I have a cold.  
I have a cold.   Normally I would call it the man-flu, but i'm reluctant to say the dreaded f-word now..
I have a cold. That blows 
i have a colossal headache. it  feels like a nuclear weapon testing facility in there 
i have a confession to make  i ran a red light last night, i was tired n didn't notice, my heart is still pounding 'bout it 
I have a confession to make.....    I need a bigger purse 
I have a confession. Yesterday I went out to eat. It wasn't Organic, it was fast food, I felt like lackadaisical crap the rest of the day 
I have a confession...I need to cut back on twittering  As much as I love it (like an addiction), it really hurts my productivity
I have a craaaazy 24 hours coming up. I'm scared. H-h-hold me.  Lmao.
I have a crick in my neck!  and work sucks!
I have a danish! The pastry... not a man... 
i have a date with a Russian God Model Lover and have nothingggg to wear 
I have a dead pixel on my iPhone 3GS 
I have a demo teaching tommorow..  I hope I pass coz I really need the cash..
I have a dental procedure.. going to find out if my tooth has a hairline crack or bigger and not worth saving.. I like my teeth 
I have a doctor's app. soon. kidney stone 
i have a ear ache 
i have a empty house and no ine to share it with 
I have a face of a house after having wisdom tooth operation done yesterday 
i have a fatass headache from debora smoking all those stoges in my car 
i have a fear of being great for being liked. better to look ugly and small than to be desired by people.  if you can only see
I have a feeling I'm gonna be very disappointed in the outcome of this game. I can't express enough how much I hate Chelsea.  ugh #facup
I have a feeling it's going to be a baaaaaad day 
I have a feeling it's not gonna be a great day 
I have a feeling Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8 will make me cry 
I have a feeling my plans for tonight are going to get cancelled...darn life and it's sadistic ways 
I have a feeling my reduction in followers is because Twitter is starting to delete spam accounts. Still makes me sad though. 
I have a feeling my shoulder is not gonna be happy tomorrow 
I have a feeling my voting papers won't arrive in time to be counted.  That's mainly my fault. 
I have a feeling of general all over ickiness. Not usually a good sign, if I get emotional, migraine is on the way 
I have a feeling the CRUISE ENVY&quot; over the weekend was NOTHING compared to when we start getting pix/vids &amp; the FULL STORY!  
I have a feeling the heavy crying scenes might be soon. 
i have a feeling the next 3 weekends r going to suck and b lonely 
i have a feeling this is going to be a wonderful vacation. but im missing Brynne. 
i have a feeling today is going to be a long friday... 
I have a fever again.  I've got on two pairs of pants and a t-shirt and my SAI jacket again. Ugh. Go away! Seriously. I'm sick of this.
i have a fever of 102.5. i already went to the auto parts store, post office, dr. office and pharmacy. now i need to clean the house. ugh 
i have a fever!!!!!!!! last night i was at 103.4 this sucks!!!!!!!!! 
I have a fever, and feel HORRIBLE... what brought this on? IDK...help! 
I have a few product ideas that I strongly feel could be great success in consumer market. But just don't know how to act on 
I have a fleshlight, but no lube      (via #zenjar )
i have a flu, its so sad 
I have a fly on my window and I cannot kill it.    PETA may arrest me!   OH what to do, what to do.  Someone help me.  PETA Sucks!
I have a foot heater under my desk that is giving me hotflashes, and I can't seem to turn it off. 
I have a french test  This makes me very sad.
I have a friend in Tehran, and I am worried! I have a feeling things are going to get much worse. 
I have a fucking infection on top of my foot and my dad forbid me to go swimmin coz it might get worse  but he doesnt know how crafty I am
I have a funny feeling airport security is gonna f*ck with me! 
I have a ghost in the house 
I have a giant bruise on my wenis 
I have a giving arm 
I have a goal to not spend over, like, 10 dollars till Friday. I'm doubting myself already. Sheetz calls to me. 
i have a great blues voice at the mo! but riz said that it is making his eyes hurt 
I have a great job at the radio station but it's time to move on. 
I have a GREAT phobia of the dentist. One of my &quot;issues.&quot; so, I sit and I wait to go sit in that chair. 
I have a green hand.  Morgan loves shit sex.
I have a gut feeling my dad will pass away soon.  Considering recent happenings.  
I have a hangover 
i have a hangover  :o
i have a head ache 
I have a headach  not going out tonight
I have a headache  have to wake up at 3 in the morning tomorrow too *sigh*
I have a headache  I need some new Mimi material ASAP! #imperfectangel
I have a headache ! 
I have a headache again  But I think we're gonna go to Jacob burns movie theatre tonight to see a Fellini movie.
I have a headache and a littile stomachache  maybe i just need to go home and ill get better lol
I have a headache and I am tired bc I didn't sleep well last night 
I have a headache and I ate too much olive garden 
i have a headache and i font want to go to this party 
I have a headache and i miss someone very very much!! 
i have a headache and i need some emotional cheering up 
I have a headache and i'm being dragged to liscard 
I have a headache and I'm tired... 
I have a headache and my internet isnt working! 
I have a headache and noone to share the sun with  Cardiologist tmrw - I don't want to go! &gt;.&lt;
I have a headache for the fourth day in a row  I need to get my butt back to the chiropractor.
I have a headache from hell! 
I have a headache guys!!!! I don't want to see a bottle of goose for a long time!!!! I still feel drunk!!! 
I have a headache now... cud be cuz i sit in front of the pc the whole day... n then cross half the world to go to my mba class..  !!
I have a headache on a lovely Friday.Awesome 
i have a headache since morning 
I have a headache the size of @jonasbrothers' fanbase 
I have a headache Thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssssssssssssss big 
I have a headache today 
i have a headache too,feel very sick,taken paracetamol,ears hurtin too 
I have a headache!  . . . . 
I have a headache!!! 
i have a headache!!!!! 
I have a headache, and it's not going away. 
i have a headache, so bedtime. it feels like i didn't even get a weekend, which is what happens when you work on saturday.   
I have a headache.   Send hugs.
I have a headache. I really should have gone home this weekend my computer still isn't working  what am I gonna do all weekend
I have a headache. I think I've already lost readers. 
I have a headache. It is just getting worse. Hope the meds kick in- it's party night! 
I have a headache. Seriously, it hurts 
i have a headche 
I have a hell of a bitch headache 
i have a hole in my heart...  
I have a holiday planned to Hong Kong next week to meet my best friend. How? 
I have a horribe migraine!!!!!  I'm supposed to help with a 6 year olds birthday party today too!!!!  Meds better start kicking in!!!!!  
i have a horrible ear ache 
I have a horrible headache 
I have a horrible headache rite now 
I have a horrible sore throat and can't sleep. And I have work in the morning and can't ask off. 
I have a horrible stomachache 
i have a horrible tummy ache   BUT IT'S SHAVUOT!
I have a horrid cold and have lost my voice 
i have a huge bottom lip.  i need to stop biting my lips.
I have a huge bug bite on my coolie. It looks like I'm growing another butt cheek 
i have a huge headache and my neck hurts &amp; i dont wanna read to kill a mockingbird no more 
I have a huge stomache ache 
i have a huge ugly blister on my finger! 
I have a job interview at 2:00pm today. That means I have to dress up AND shave. 
I have a kidney infection, oh joy 
I have a killer headache   Had one yesterday too.  I wanna go home!
I have a killer headache. Ow. 
I have a kink in my neck  I think that's what it's called.
i have a kink in my neck, i think it's cause of stress. it hurts to turn my head to the right! someone massage my neck 
I have a lot of bruises 
I have a lot of fun doing a hotel party with a 13 year old. But somehow they have still the same  energy to live...peeps my age don't 
I have a lot of parts missing on my new drums 
I have A LOT of school work to do today... and to top it all off, I have 10 million places to go to... unfghhh. 
i have a lot of stuff today.  I'm hungryy and bored.
I have a lot of work to do today!! It's just another manic Monday! 
i have a lot of work to do!!  i need some inspiration
i have a love/hate relationship with these thunderstorms. right now, it's mad. and i don't like the looks of a mad storm. 
I have a lovely 5c size blister from boiling water 
I have a lovely start to the day with 2 reiki clients and then I'm off to see my best mate before she leaves of Oz for 9 months! 
I have a low-grade fever tonight 
i have a major case of the hiccups it sucks 
I have a MAJOR gum-ache right now. I wanted to go with @truediva1 to Bone Fish Grill and get some Bang Bang Shrimp too. Boo Hoo Hoo! 
I have a major headache  Boooooo
I have a major headache  dam sun and not enough to drink 
I have a major headache and I need to sleep, but I couldn't 
i have a massive crick in my neck thats been there since i woke up, i haven't been able to turn right all day! ouchh 
I have a massive ear infection   OUCH  |*cupcake*|
i have a massive headache now... 
I have a massive headache. It won't stop 
I have a massive stomache pain and not sure why! 
I have a masssssive headache   &quot;&quot;&quot;
I have a metallic taste in my mouth  One of my PSP's I ordered has been delayed.
I have a migraine  going to try and stick it out at work, taken my migraine meds so it should go off. I'm just taking it easy.
i have a mouth ulcer that's spread to my tongue, can barely talk, feel like crying its so sore 
i have a nasty cold  i think i'm going to Finland in a while, Alko here i come! nearest is in Kolari, about 25 min from Pajala,Sweden
I have a new crush but ahh he is married too OMG what a luck I have... his name is... Tony Parker!!! Jup Eva's husband but he is married 
I have a pain in the heeeeaaaaadd 
i have a paper due tmr.. i didnt even start. which means, im not going to class. i also showered and got soap in my battle wound. 
I have a piece of glass in my foot!!!! 
I have a press release, 2 websites, a book intro and staff plan to finish before I sleep tonight.  And I need to wash clothes  Rough day!
I have a pretty lonely existence. I'm watchin harry potter the kids r in bed. I'm alone. 
I have a question for you... Is our love a tragedy once you see me ?...                                         That's what i thought... 
I have a rash or something on my hand... 
i have a reallly bad headache  i just wanna get better fast!
I have a really annoying hangnail  it hurts.
i have a really bad backache   not sure whats wrong with it!
i have a really bad headache  ... i need some more baby aspirin.
I have a really bad headache  I HAVE to go in today though. it'll cause so much hassle if i dont.
i have a really bad tummy ache. 
I have a really big simple on my chin 
I have a really cool idea but no idea how to put it into practice.  dammit
I have a really sore ankle  woe.
I have a really sore leg and have no idea why 
I have a red dot on the side of my mouth 
I have a reeeally bad conscience now! 
I have a rip in my pants. I knew I felt a draft earlier 
i have a road trip coming up next monday...drivin 1500 miles to Mass my home state....cant wait 2 go but ill b sad ill have no twitter 
I have a root canal that needs to be done and I already had one extracted... 
I have a sad little girl tonight. She's still not to Twizzler height (54-60 in) for Hersheypark rides. Can't go on Farenheit yet 
I have a sense that when I wake tomorrow the world will not be a better place 
I have a serious Fallout 3 addiction. Can't stop exploring, looting, popping caps in raiders' asses. Off to bed tho bc gotta get up early 
I have a sick car. 
i have a soar throat 
i have a soooore head 
i have a sore back  and i have a psychology outcome tomorrow i hate backs and school
i have a sore head 
I have a sore throat  Seems pointless asking as I haven't many followers now but I want to change my twitter name, something good, ideas?
I have a sore throat! Time to buy my secret weapon that is sucrets!!! Those always numb my throat  but other than that fml 
i have a sore throat, awwww its so annoying...   had another lazy day, watched boyzone live, then Westlife dvd live in croke park!! 
I have a sore throat.  I'm going to bed. zzz
i have a sore throat. arghhh.  i blame mcfly. Xx
I have a sore throat. I hope I didn't catch Florida Hamthrax from my new roommate 
I have a sore throat.. and even tho I've been eating soup and drinking hot tea all night nothing is helping..  
I have a sore tum tum  and my eyes are still really itchy. I want to stab em'. FML
I have a splinter im my toe  I feel like im ten again
I have a splitting headache and no asprin. boo 
I have a splitting headache coming up. I can feel it. 
I have a spot. On my cheek. 
I have a stalker...let's hope he doesn't come to my work.  Its pretty scary...
i have a stats quiz that i have to take before i leave for south padre, and my book hasn't come yet hahaha kill me. 
I have a stomach ache. 
I have a stomach ache. Ouch! 
i have a strange feeling that this webinar presenter is very long winded 
I have a stuffy nose  Uhm in school concert  today. Should be boring. Yearbooks today!!!!!
i have a stupid cyst. 
I have a stupid hangnail 
I have a sudden craving for Dirt Cups. I don't want to put any clothes on. Tralalala.. Melanie just left me 
i have a sun burn great and i have skool in 2 days 
i have a sunburn on my scalp 
i have a sunburned...  poor me...oh well 
I have a super bad case of the Mondays. 
I have a sweet hologram Bengals cup but nothing to put in it  sad times
i have a tan line on one side but not the other  oh well i guess i'll have to tan somemore before grad ;)
I have a temporary phone now. Yay? @lilithselysium: noooooooooooo not bacon! 
I have a terrible cold  High temperature, headache... Today I'm better than yesterday but im not good enough yet 
I have a terrible earache that just came out of nowhere 
i have a terrible headache creepin up 
I have a terrible headache, that will not let up 
I have a terrible stomach ache. 
I have a throat infection and just want to go to bed with Harry Potter, Christian and Ron. But I have to work and be a pseudo mum 
I have a torn something in my knee 
i have a tummy ache 
I have a tummy ache and I'm feeling emo. Lame. 
I have a tummy ache because I made a fresh baked coffee cake and had 2 pieces 
i have a tummy acke 
I have a tune stuck in my head of a song I can't download because I don't know the name of it and there is no way of finding out 
i have a twitter backlog of about 3 months. no internet at home 
I have a Varruka! I have to have horrible foot treatment now 
I have a very painful headache. 
I have a very real fear that my poor little Excel will be blown into the river on the way through the city... 
I have a week long holiday...no interesting books..or movies or places to go 
I have a weird feeling in my stomach  is this good or bad?
i have a wet foot, i jumped in a puddle that was a tad deeper than i thought it was 
I have a whole body ache. This sale is just plain old exhausting. Wish I was out celebrating vanessas bday 
i have a wii injury 
i have a worldclass headache 
i have absolutely no energy to load the last little bit into the truck. 
I have absolutely no luck with the charcoal grill. Guess I'm a gas grill gal all the way.  #grilling
I have aching legs today 
I have acquired a cough. Uh-oh.  
I have actually gotten something done today (that was not domestic/farm related) Have NOT written, however. 
I have alcohol poisoning 
I have all but one of my questions done on my worksheet.... and i have NO idea how to do it 
I have all my twitches in here except @BlackandItalian!  next time!!!!
I have all the makings for an awesome ice cream sundae - but no ice cream 
I have all these song ideas right now. But no one to sing to 
I have all this footage because I was going to make muiltiple videos, but then I forgot about it and now my laptop is down so yeah.... 
I have always wanted to call in an audio post.  http://tumblr.com/xtd1vnmfd
I have an aching back! 
i have an ant bite on my foot from this weekend that is driving me insane this morning. 
i have an astonishingly bad headache this morning..  owch man.
I have an cofession to make  I'm addictied to to to sigh I'm addicted to Korean Drama LoL 
i have an ear infection  ...but on the bright side, it's not as bad as herpes
i have an ear infection  no strep throat so thats good and bad. getting something to eat then back home. SIMS 3 TOMORROW! 
I have an earache and it hurts!! 
I have an earache so I am not the most pleasant right now.  
i have an empty brain-stomach  - my mind has eaten virtually nothing but cheetos for, like 3 days straight !
i have an entire draft of physics coursework due in for tomorrow. what have i done so far? nothing. its gonna be an allnighter 
I have an exam the same day as Strawberry Fair 
i have an exam today  argh here we go
I have an exam tommorow   ...... I hate this exam ... It is Biological ..... Please wish me luck
I have an exam tomorrow....n so not looking forward to it at all! 
I have an exam tonight...I'm not ready 
I have an excruciating headache and it wont go away 
I have an explanation for my silence. It's because half of my body tryin to separate from the other half 
I have an extremly bad headache 
I have an idea for a new avatar but I don't want to change from Sailor Mars yet 
I have an infected finger. It's all burny and ouchy.  *pouts*
i have an obese foot due to mosquito bite allergy. got made fun of at work ALL DAY! 
i have an owie in my tummy and an owie on my hand because kitty scratched me..  
I have an rash on the right side of my tummy, it itched, i scratched... now it hurts 
I have an upset tummy. 
I have an urge to watch Kill Bill Vol 1 &amp; 2 again.  I can't believe David Carradine is gone. 
I have an very heavy lab laying on my back sound asleep. He.s so cute i hate that i can't keep him with me! 
i have another headache....that means its been a headache every day since friday 
I have ansomnia   I can only sleep when I'm fucked up, but as soon as I'm sober my dreams go insane and I wake up. and then can't go back.
I have ants in my apartment 
I have ao much to do and go today... Its not even funny 
I have arrived safely back in Cheshire, checked CamSIS and got a 2:2. Meh, was to be expected 
i have arthritis. yay!  [  ]
i have asore throat 
I have assessed that having your hand over the alarm does not help you wake up in time for class 
I have assumed the middle eastern sense of apathy, which, unfortunately prevents me from committing to my Arabic. how ironic 
i have awoken from a night of hot sweats and mad dreams 
I have baby cats living in my shed outside. They're so cute! Also, baby Robin is under my deck. It lost its way. 
I have bad friends they hid chips inside my ice cream cone when in went to the toilet 
I have bad luck in parking lots  goodnight.
I have bahts (?) in my wallet  I wanna cry
I have beat the house today! Won blackjack! Going &quot;home&quot; now. Tommorrow is pool time w/hubby b4 he leaves. 
I have become my mother - I just packed teabags for a weekend in NY 
I have been a busy bee. Promotion @ work means more responsibilities w/out compensation 
i have been a social reject this half term,  but oh well, in a week or so i will have 7 weeks of going out, yippeeeee
I have been cleaning my room, and then i thought of that im quiting in gubbÃ¤ngskolan and i got sad 
I have been content with where I lived until I realized how boring it is this week.....god I miss Chicago 
I have been ditched by my family.  *sitting alone by a dying fire*
I have been doing a survey on classical music and to my suprise not many people like it 
I Have Been Feeling Pretty Bleh Recenty! 
I have been gone: way too long  anywho, what's up what have i missed ! http://bit.ly/qh91F
I have been having the best conversation all day...I wish it didn't have to end 
I have been having the scariest dreams ever tonighr 
i have been ignored  @LesleyBoudy
I have been in class for 5 1/2 hours and still have a hour and a half to go   Can't wait til summer school is OVER!!!
i have been informed for the advancement of my career it would be wise for me to not be a hater openly  what fun is that
I Have Been Neglecting My Twitter. 
i have been neglecting my twitter... so sad 
I have been nursing an injured squirrel all day &amp; she died in my arms not that long ago -kids will be so sad - they had named her Hammy! 
I have been on the verge of tears all day. I'm having a horrible day. I wish I was at home with my boyfriend 
I have been on vacation for the past week. Back to work and the first news this morning is AF447. Shocking. 
I have been pegged as a &quot;capable developper&quot; in my lab. In academia that is rare and now I will be stuck doing all the hard work 
I have been playing skate for two hours. Now i need to get out and actually skate. But it's too late 
I have been properly poorly with a stomach bug ... no cheese or spicy food for me 
I have been reading this really good book forever that I can't seem to finish.  But if I don't I can't read anything else. 
i have been really busy and stressed. things aren't working out with me and one of the flatmates. broke a priceless piece of art today. 
i have been sending thousands of tweets and i just realized no one appears 
i have been so domestic today, it amazed me for a split second, until i realized i forgot to start dinner 
i have been so unhappy lately and idk why??? this is really getting 2 me 
i have been spoiled lately.....i wish every day could be like yesterday 
I have been takin test all morning. since 9am! is this really what grad school is goin to be like? geesh  im already tired...
I have been taking care of some legal business today.(ugh) so today's F4F will be a &quot;Best Of&quot; Show.  Sorry 
I have been trying to add a picture and all my images are too big 
I have been trying to get a particular image for 3 weeks now ! Never get to the place at the right time  Maybe I will camp out..
I have been up for 20 mins and my days already sucks! 
I have been very busy today but could not tell you what I have actually accomplished.  
i have been waking up so sleepy lately. i havent been taking my naps.  let me get dressed for work.
I have been without internet for most of the day, so I haven't been able to tweeeeet. 
i have big stomach ache ouch 
I have blisters on my feet from wearing those heels!  now I regret ever getting those heels; probably should take 'em back
I have blood on my clothes thanks to all this nosebleeding.  Laundry time?
i have boob envy 
I have breakfast, but outside is bad weather. 
i have broke my toe  
I have bugs in my room 
I have car racism. I hate white cars and get nervous when too many of them are around me 
i have cervical strain. wearing neck brace, 
I have Chelsea Tourettes!!  SORRY NEIGHBOURS!!
I have chinease take away for dinner tonight oh joy. 
I have chinese and no one to share it with 
I have class in 30 and I don't know whY to wear!!!! I have like no cute clothes!!!  
I have coffee grounds, a filter, water, sugar, and creamer. but my coffee-maker is broken and yet my cup has only sadness inside 
i have come home to an apartment with no internet! 
I have come to a sad conclusion:  Our anniversary is Cursed   First my grandma and now the elderly neighbour!
I have come to realise I have a saviour syndrome....no matte what hurt I feel, I need to try to help 
i have come to realize that i will forever be 2nd choice with family, friends even partners 
I have completely given up on trying to make plans and do things this summer!! Not a thing is working out!  --- #fb
I have confirmed: classic iPod is dead. 
I have conjunctivitis    It's extremely painful.
I have conquered my illness! Well I'm not having projectile fluids shoot out of both ends and my fever has subsided. Missed troy's party 
I have coughs and colds..  I'm not feeling well this time.
I HAVE CRAMPSSSS 
I have decided that I need to start working out, I feel like an unhealthy slob approximately 96% of the time. 
I have decided that the emotion Kristen Stewart and Rob Pattinson make me feel is ... sad 
I have decided to unfollow some people  on my list 
I have Deutsch homework. 
I have digg and reddit RSS feeds on my netvibes homepage, when i click on the headline it takes me to the comments page  not the webpage
i have done absolutely nothing today. 
I have done like nooooo revision today 
I have done my back in when i twisted awkwardly to watch daughter2 and now I am in agony, stabbing pain between should blades. 
i have done something awful to my neck. it hurts to move  wahh wahh, me &amp; my little problems.
i have enormous amounts of homework but it requires the effort to actually get up and start it 
I have entirely too much to do and may have to skip out on my fun plans for tomorrow. 
I have epicly failed to get Edd anything exciting for his birthday. Forgot my ID so couldn't even buy whiskey 
I have exams all this week and next  Gonna go get some History revision done, 1900-1949 galore!! (this may kill me)
i have failed as a daughter. fuck 
I have fallen off the working out wagon and I can't seem to get back on 
I have far less money than I originally planned for this trip  Ill make it work though
i have far too many teddy bears, i think i'm going to have to get rid of some 
I have far too much to remember it's making me anxious! And I have to get ready or I'll be late 
I have finally came to realize, that life for a teenager is harder than i thought...drama drama drama!!! 
I have finally settled on using multiple installs of WP instead of WPMU. Only way to have the functionality I need. Boo 
I have finally unwound from work and I'm going to sleep....just to get up in a few hours..... 
i have finals until friday.when i asked my parents for $ to buy LVATT they told me they would give it to me after finals.go to hell dad! 
I have fingerprints all over the new record. 
i have finished my cooking show assignment! YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! tempting to post it on youtube...but it's too boring 
I have finished my exam yesterday,but still can't feel free,oh GOD please help me,I fell really bad,what a preassure 
i have finished watchin season 4 of greys anatomy and it is 4.30 am!  i am a freak  i have to go to bed now, i have to be up in 6 hours 
i have five of the same follower with different names,strange..... 
I have forgot the live with the Jonas Brothers on Facebook 
I have found a nice wetsuiiitttt! But its Â£60 
i have found THE dress...shame they dont have it in my size 
I have four good golf balls in me before I tire. 
I have gained at least 10 lbs on vacay. 
I have gained weight 
i have game cds on my desk, but just dont feel like playing them. The games coming nowdays seem to have lost the fun factor 
I have gone from blue to sad 
i have got a free lesson wooo!!!!!!!! im bored now  some people can never win
i have got bad spirit 
I have GOT to learn to stop waiting on perfection to complete the creative process with this music.  It slows me down WAY too much.  
i have gotten 300 followers! yeee! No actually, well have a few sexy bots in there as well. 
I have Graphics early morning tomorrow par 
I have gravity 
I have great news...that I can't share...yet.  But...it involves my time at the Lori Foster Event.  @Carolanivey...How did I MISS YOU!!! 
i have green day tickets, i guess i should be happy. MY SEATS SUCK THOUGH. 
i have growing pains! in my leg - ouch 
I have gym at 6.30am tomorrow  and i reallly realllly dont want to get up!
I have had a brilliant day, proud of Banahan even if he didn't see much ball... grrr! Was awesome to see Corry and Lewsey bid farewell 
I have had a good weekend got my Blackberry fully up and running finally and celebrated my cuz 1st birthday. Wish we had a 4 day weekend 
I have had a reqally sad and bad week.  First find out on tuesday I'm transfering to a different school 
i have had a rough day 
I have had a wonderful Sunday, except realizing that I can't afford to go to the temple 
I have had an allergic reaction to my contacts, stuck with my specs until it clears up. Means and end to my breast feeding tho 
I have had enough of Macha names..looked at 'em almost the whole day  Darn Astro......
i have had like three followers who i dont know the they removed me  so no stella is my only follower (i need friends)
I have had literally the best easter ever! My brother is going back to uni tomorrow which is not good at all .. I guess I will miss him 
I Have Had Me Interview At The RAF. Bobbed It Up! 
I have had summer vacation for 1,5 week now and it has rained almost all the time  Give me sunshine and good weather PLZ!!
I have had THE stupidest amount of sleep. I feel like crying, although that could just be my eyes burning 
i have had these hicups since last night, uh-oh .. that can't be good 
I have had to yield my computer to the Webkinz Fan Club... 
I have halo fever  xbox where art thou
I have hay fever 
I have hayfever right now... feeling pretty miserable 
I have headache 
I have heartburn  Must have eaten too much chili earlier...
I have heat rash, and I can't find the damn powder to help alleviate it. 
I Have Herpes 
i have hi5, but i don't have myspace 
I have hiccups. 
I have homework and study to do. Bye Twitterers 
I have homework!!  NOOOOO! 
I have horrible cramps  I can't imagine the pain women feel when they are going thru labor and having contractions.
I have horrible nightmares when im really comfy in bed 
I have horrible stomach cramps rn and I don't know why 
I have hurt my back.  Finding moving a challenge 
i have 'i shot the sherriff' stuck in my head stuck at work 
I have ice &amp; piÃ±a colada mix but no rum! Boo. 
I have insomnia 
I have insomnia!!!! I can't sleep 
I have insomnia.  i can't sleep!
i have issues with studying. 
I have it when some songs just give you constant flashbacks 
I have job applications 
I have job, and i don't need money :] ohhh i must go to the shop and next learn some vocabulary.. I'm so lazy.... the weather is so bad 
I have just 30 minutes to Tweet! 
I have just arrived home from my grandmother. My great-grandmother died on Tuesday.  #peterfacinelli
I have just been out in the sunshine to eat my lunch and am gutted to be stuck in the office for the restof the afternoon 
I have just been to see the Jonas Brothers 3D movie with @maze  was funny NO ONE else was there  hahah can't... http://tinyurl.com/magcwo
i have just done the most stupid thing ever.... i bit of some of my tongue  off to the hospital i go hmmm
I have just had the worst nights sleep ever! And my feet are in agony 
I have just played football with the floor! Ouch! 
i have just too much homework! 
I have just you tubed Shaggy..oh carolina...i have no idea why.I wish i was in the carribean with a tequila sunrise now  lolx
I have keys for new house! But I will be offline for at least the next week 
I have laptop envy, bloke next to me has 17&quot; unibody macbook pro. I've got a 13&quot; white macbook 
I have learned one of the very sad facts of life... I am allergic to Murray (my cat) 
I have left my aquarium to its own. Thats bad! Looks bad!  I have 6 days to fix it! Wish me good luck!
I have like 3 mosquitos on my neck 
I have like 400 shards to go still, and that is way too many heroics for me to handle.  Guess I won't be getting that meta. 
i have like no brushes  need to buy more...
I HAVE LIKE NO CLOTHES, this is so annoying. 
i have like no followers  im officially a loner
i have like noooo friends on twitter  plz follow me!!!!!
I have LOADS of hw this weekend 
i have loser written allllll oveer my face 
I have lost a memory card! oh-noes 
I have lost count of the days left &amp; too tired to count, may be 19; the phrase &quot;my emotional bank is empty&quot; is fairly accurate!  
I have lost most of the people I called friends this year and it's really tough. Most of them just used me but now I'm lonely 
I have lost my mystery cutie. And my bean boy 
I have lots of great great great info to share on StepForth.com from SMX Advanced and I want to write it so badly but I have a deadline 
I have low-grade angst because nobody sends me direct messages.  similar to facebook jealousy only less obtrusive.
I have MAC buyers remorse.  I should join an addicts group. 'hi I'm chloe and I'm a MACaholic.' ha ha
I have mad water in my ears... but I kinda wanna go swimming some more 
I have MAJOR CRAMPLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have managed to stay off twitter to get some post festival domestic stuff done. It appears I haven't got much done though 
I have mandatory OT tomorrow and a test that I have to take..it's one or the other 
I have massive cravings for a bannana yazoo. But the nearest one is around 10 minutes away 
I have math regents 
I have misspelled every third word I've typed today. I also corrected the typos in this sentence already 
i have monstrous mosquito bites that are devouring my leg 
I have Morton's Neuroma 
i have much to learn.. 
I Have Musical Practice Today Tooooo.. Ahh 1pm Till 4:15pm. Im Ready To Die Now ... 
i have my algebra final tomorrow 
I have my first cold sore in over a year. Ugh. 
I have my first exam in roughly 1 1/2 hours. Tomorrow I'll be half way through. Poo 
I HAVE MY FIRST FOLLOWER! ... Oh its just twttblogs nothing special  please follow me people!
i have my goverment final today  ugh wish me luck
I have my spanish exam now. And I feel like havin the flu  wish me luck !
I have nacho chips...but no cheese. 
I have nearly finished reading this brilliant HUGE fanfic that I started reading yesterday, I really hate it when good fic ends. 
I have neglected twitter today.  I am a horrible tweep.
i have never been more annyoed in my life. i want to go home 
I have never been so excited (in a very intellectual sense) to try out the infamous explicit.bing.net but I'm on my work computer 
I have never felt so helpless.....  #iranelection
I have new glasses with different strength lens in the left and right eye, and it's making my laptop look all wonky n bigger on one side 
I have no clue what to wear to the Ray's game on saturday.  it's a date, so i gotta look cute.
I have no clue where my family is 
I have no computer tonight 
I have no desire to be making calls in ohio... Id rather be in my office 
i have no desire to compose 6 essays over the next three days. i feel like staying in my jammies with chinese food &amp; some good movies. 
I have no diet Pepsi --&gt;     I tried to quit Pepsi by switching to green tea but everything has ginseng in it and I am allergic to that.
I have no energy and no appetite...I don't wanna go to work tomorrow 
I have no followers  Gosh, it must be good to be famous
I have NO freakin clue what i want 
i have no friends in twitter 
i have no friends on twitter!! sad...theyre all on fb 
i have no friends/followers on twitter 
i have no good tweets lately 
I have no idea how my poor puppy dog broke two fingers on his paw 
I have no idea how to comfort mi abuela 
I have no idea what I should do, its very boring.. 
I have no idea what I want to do in the future  it worries me
I have NO idea what I'm doing . . . need to make a doctor's appointment but I'm too scared to find out what's going on!  
I have no idea what to eat today 
I have no idea what to get my daddy 
I have no idea what to get my pops for father's day!   
I have no idea where my prescription Michael Kors sunglasses are...  Sad!
I have no internet on my phne rite now  so cuda update yestaday....still pissed dat my Magic lost and on dere home court but o well
i have NO jelly for my breakfast jack! Wtf i dnt even want it anymore 
i have no life 
I have no money  had nasty letter from bank too 
i have no money left oh well i don't anything really!!  I can wait for 2 weeks unitl i get paied again.
I have no money until my mommys check is put in 
I have no more books to read 
i have no more room for physical CDs or vinyl. my turntable is broken anyway. 
i have no more strawberries  im sitting outside my bfs house in his driveway waiting for him....ughh why do boys move so slow?
I have no motivation to get my house clean my kids just keep messing it up right behind me so I just don't want 2 do it 
I have no mula 
I have no news about my leg  can't wait til next week for pt to start!!!!
I have no one to hang out with today 
i have no phone 
i have no plans on a friday  im bored at my fathers work. someone DM me nd save me!
I have no reason to try and make myself look decent for the rest of the school year. 
I have no school and i am bored cause no one else is out. it sucks 
i have no school yet im up to go to work for an hour. FML. more shots later today 
I have no snacks 
I have no socks.!!!1.. 
i have no stress release, especially with no hockey  always same environment and person (mum) *grrrr*
i have no thing to talk  its very pathetic.
I have no urge to learn statistical process control but fear I may have to 
I have no weekend plans minus the usual - watching DVD's (TV shows and movies), crocheting, and playing on the computer and PS2.  
I have no will power 
I have no will power as it comes to loosing wait and spending money 
I have no words. I give her so much love and what I get in return?... Do I hear silence? Yeah, I think so too... 
I have no1 to talk to 
i have nobody to talk to... 
I have noooo idea   but he has 3 bites! and the other two are getting mini blisters too  I just emailed the dr @PhilHarrison
i have not been a good stalker lately, i blame my wak laptop 
I have not been on twitter in so long 
i have not bloghop for awhile. idk what they wrote on their blog. gonna read soon. but i have no time 
I have not finished my 2 litre bottle of water  I must!
i have not posted a tweet in ages, WTF, i'm sorry twitter and sorry to my 52 followers 
I have not received any Tweets since 10am! My Twitter is broken. 
I have not seen my apt. since 6am!  I don't even know wat time it is right now. 
I have not slept all night and in HUGE amounts of pain  that said I shall try not to whine.  Another beautiful day though 
i have not tweeted in forever. 
i have nothing 2 say. .sad.. i no.. 
I have nothing good/happy/productive to tweet about.  Still sick.
I have nothing new to tweet about 
I have nothing planned for my 21st in 3 weeks time. Bad times 
I have nothing to do 
i have nothing to do  i'm bored
I have nothing to do and no one to talk to. How sad. 
i have nothing to do except right a eassy due on monday D: :[ :{  ]: }:
I have nothing to do today 
i have nothing to do until thursday  WHYY OH WHYY MEEEE?!
I have nothing to dooo.  I wish I was back home. ( I hate thiss.
i have nothing to doooo!!!!  the weather is crappy and ive been inside all day.   i wish it would be sunny outside.
I have nothing to read  Just finished Weisberger's latest.
I have nothing to talk about  poor me *smirks* surely @xxSummerr will help me??!!??
i have nothing to tweet 
I have nothing to wear, and I look like a boy 
I have nothing Twitter about..but here I am people..addicted as ever..it's gotten worse I swear I need help 
I have nothing witty to say 
i have now sneezed 7 times in the last 60 seconds! :O That is not good. 
I have nowhere to watch the Tonys tonight 
I have odd pains in my stomach. 
I have officially been punked by over a thousand pounds of human flesh, damn lineman turned off my music!!!!! 
I have officially gotten two calls since  8am. No one ever calls me, but when they do, they insist on waking me up 
i have officially lost all feeling in my legs! playing the sims 3 for seven hours isn't good... 
i have officially LOST my tic tacs 
I have officially lost my voice today 
I have officially slipped into bed WITHOUT my glasses which I left at home.   Poop. Oh well. I'm going to get some sleep! Later peeps!
I have on too many clothes, but I can't show up to a hs graduation party with my BATS out. This can't be life 
i have one follower... accomplished? 
i have one Q why do people do this they sit at home and bitch about people over the internet and trust me it doesn't feel to great..... 
I have only lost 10lbs since my last weight check 3 weeks ago  10 more lbs to loose and I'm back to my original size
I have Overtime Guilt 
I have painful hick ups 
I have paint on my pant leg. Its going to bug me until it comes off... 
I have partied non stop for the last 24 hrs...headed to ATL in the morning then back to STL to the real world 
I have peep jousting pics! I just don't know how to post them either 
I have period pains 
I have physics and chemistry theory papers tomorrow and my prep sucks!   Pray for me ppl!
i have pigeons in my loft!!! lol and 16 days = long time actually 
i have pins and needles in my foot... 
i have pins n needles 
I have played on my Nintendo Wii with Tom F. But my downloaded games don't work 
i have potato in my teeth  and i have to go wash up. lame lame lame.
I have pretty much lost my voice, I hope work isn't busy today 
I have purchased a new dress &amp; wicked shoes for my SIL's wedding. If only I didn't have to pick the size I did.  Now I don't feel so small
I have rats in my house...  yuk!
I have raw manhwa but I donÂ´t know Korean.So I spent all day stupidly looking at Pictures. 
I have read 1984 and I hate Harry Potter..
i have read in a couple places that it wasn't that good  i might wait to rent it instead
I have realized that paying bills is my least favourite pastime, but apparently has to be done.  Damn 
I have really bad belly cramps and I can't get comfy 
i have really bad pins and needles in my feet 
I have really boring right now.. my computer doesn't work like it should...  and I don't know what to do. it sucks
i have really crusty feet, ah awoken yet again by loud drunks and its not even summer love the shore 
I have really dropped the gun this week on exercise  I will do my best to make up not exercising on Mon &amp; Tues over the weekend.
i have really sore arms from netball   not good!!
I have really, really bad news. I couldn't get a projector. . .  I'm so sorryyyy
i have received an offer with as short decision making period.Iv scheduled interviews after that period so im feeling a bit stuck now 
I have resorted to taking my laptop with me in the van and pulling free WiFi from BurgerKing to try to finally get podcasts downloaded. 
i have resorted to watching live scores. can't bear to watch the match anymore 
I have returned. But xbl is down. 
I have RSI in my left hand from all the typing 
I have Saturday skewl for missing too many days  lmao well ttyl guys!!!
i have school tomorrow  so much for summer vacation
I have serious tooth ache lame 
I have seriously forgotten how old I am.   
I have several of these people at work...last week was a rough one.  
I have shin splints from running so much  I love running, and now I have to stop?! Fml.
I have Short Legs Long Pants Rainy Day Syndrome. 
i have sideburns and a mustace as ive been told by michael 
i have simmed too much today (never thought i'd say that!) - i've got eyestrain now 
i have sims 3 in my laptop but it's supeeeeeeer slow.  going to bed now. good night!
I have six fckin mosquito bites from Sunday that are buggin the shit outta me! They're so damn itchy!!! 
I have so ignored my customers this time around  its cool yall... The Avon Lady is back!! What yall need?!
I have so many accessories for things that I forget what I have 
I have so many anger against you! My heart again is in your hands, and your only play with him! 
I have so many things to do but so little time!! 
i have so much homework  i think i am going to hide in a corner and cry.
i have so much homework i don't think i can go to sleep tonight 
I have so much homework, it's ridiculous - an english essay, a maths project an english project and revision for 7 exams. 
I have so much love for this girl @felicia600 
I have so much marking to do - reports in two weeks 
I have so much Shit to do today  luckily i'll be free later
i have so much things to study 
I have SO MUCH to do &amp; yet, here on the couch I sit. Running all of those errands today wore me out. 
I have so much to do this weekend my head's going to fall off! What a crappy week to have your birthday 
I have so much to do, but I don't think I'll get any of it done 
I have so much work to do. its unbeleivable  i feel like am gonna die
I have so much work to get done this week.  tomorrow's party day though
i have so wasted my 2 weeks off  had fun and loved it but got so much work to do
i have sole custody of my guys (5 &amp; 7). Ex has vistation every other saturday night...including this saturday  next wknd?
I have some delicious recipes I wanna make, but have no money to buy the ingredients. 
I have some even more dreadful news: Krispy Kreme may be on the verge of bankrupcy - or so I've been told.  Mondays are the worse days!
I have some eye disease  My eye will pop out and I will get some strange nickname, like for example: One-eye Monika  [*]
I have some pain on back, so I won't be able to do stuff  been sketching and working on my video...renfair was good
i have some pictures of the almost touched down tornado on my blog. all my gardens are gone  
I have some problem in downloading that software. 
i have some problems because of boy...  
i have some really important exams and thats why i stopped the tweeting for a while 
I have some weird lump on my lip 
i have something in my eye  yaaay library all day tomorrow! (sarcasm)
I have something in my eye so it looks like i'm crying. I can't get it out and it hurts  long day at work 
I have soooooo much honework to do! Do teacher really have to give homework over the weekend?!?! 
I have sore muscles... 
I have Speeches on Monday.....I am first up  ........and I have not started writing it yet.
I have spider bites on my belly  Vinegar helped with the itch, but now I stink...
I have started a fun day of revision which will probably end at 9:00pm, oh how fun!!!! 
i have stomach ache really bad  it really hurts :'(
i have stomach ache...  needtorevisemoreneedtorevisemoreneedtorevisemoreneedtorevisemoreneedtorevisemoreneedtorevisemoreneedtorevisemore
i have strep throat  i'm coming home tomorrow!
I have strep throat and it hurts 
i have such a bad cold and i feel awful 
I Have Such A Bad Cough People 
I have such a brilliant idea for a blog.  Watch this space.. But now I have to get back to studying.  Fuckit. 
i have such a hard time talking to new people -  I am pretty sure I didn't make a good impression.....
I have such a horrible headache  and my sunburn is peeling hahaha fml
i have such a long day today  and it may snow?! what...not cool Penn State!
i have such a long day tomm: i have graduation practice then i have to get my hair and nails done 
I have such a soft spot for cute songs about long distance relationships! 
i have such a sore head 
i have such a strong urge to go mud sliding, but its dark outside 
I have such an early day tomorrow ughh. 
i have summer school  whyyyyy?!?!?!?, my summer is ruined! 
I have sun burn 
i have sun burn and it hurts 
I have sunburn   Bad times :-/   UK weather isn't supposed to be this nice, dangnabbit!!! :-P
I have sunburnt legs. ouchies. 
I have super sucky friends. They dont want to go see year one with me and i have been waiting all week to see it.  i might cry.
I have suuuch a headache. It's killing meee. meh 
i have swineflu throat 
I have swollen corneas. Waaaah! No contact lenses for me for a while 
I have taken my tamiflu this morning and it's given me a temperature........  
I have tennis 2! 9-12 is pre-Macon camp, 1-2 (conditioning) 2-4 30 is drills  OMGGGGG!
I have terrible timing 
I have that Friday feeling but it's only Thursday. 
i have the attn span of a goldfish tonight....6 secs. bodes ill for productivity of any type 
i have the balcony doors open and theese fucking bee's keep coming in my room 
i have the biggest headache from playing golf all day 
i have the biggest headache right now, i washed my hair wif mum's shampoo and now it's gross  i like my shampoo way better
I have the biggest headache!! I wish it would go away!  I want my bed!
i have the biggest headache!!! 
I have the biggest headache!!!! I hate headaches! 
I have the biggest headache..! Back to bedddd... 
I have the biggest migrain 
i have the bigggest headache 
I have the cold 
I have the day off and still i cant have a lay in! been awake since 6!! 
I have the day to myself, might have to work though... 
i have the feel to get up and get revising for the xams, but im still in front of the tv  gotta STUDY!
I have the feeling tonight shall be no fun. 
I have the flu. I hope it's not swine flu 
I have the fluuuuu!!!!  I wanna throw up soup.
i have the headache that won't go away 
i have the hiccups... 
i have the hiccups... boo 
i have the hiccups...i never get the hiccups 
I have the house cleaned to the stage where I can now ask people over.  Some spiders did die in the process though 
I have the hugest knot in my fringe 
i have the monday blues 
i have the most boring tweets..ever! i know 
I have the new kiwibank online banking UI+UX.  Now having to hunt for things a bit and I think clicking more too 
I have the slowest computer ever 
I have the sniffles 
I have the stomach flu  thanks @amandakapustin
I have the stupid flu 
i have the world's best cousin --&gt; te quiiiero LUNA  &lt;-- y te extraÃ±o  --&gt; if only half of me wasn't on the other side of the world &lt;--
I have the worse headache, to many days without drinking mother 
I have the worst acid reflux of my life right now. It sucks, bad. 
I have the worst charlie horse 
I have the worst hang over 
i have the worst head/face ache! and i accidentally just kicked a bee when i was walking.. sorry bee 
I have the worst headache  I neep a nap!
i have the worst headache EVER  sleeeep xx
I have the worst headache ever, and I really, really miss @minuet.  
I have the worst pinch in my muscle. I think its not only body-position enduced, but stress related as well. 
I have the worst posture, I adjusted my work chair to make it better but it hurts 
I have the worst sore throat I think I've ever had and nothings making it feel better 
i have the worst stomach ache EVER.  WTF WHY'D I EAT A POUND OF CAPSTICK?
i have the worst tan line,  but at least im tan!
I have this muscle in my back that is screaming in pain. I need a massage! 
i have this really sharp pain in my bak cummin up to my shoulda n i dnt kno wuss wrongg 
I have this weird feeling in my stomach and I only get that when something bad is going to happen. Uh oh. 
i have this wonderfulll plan but i probably cant do it 
i have to  surgery friday moring or saturday moring 
i have to admit the chiropractor made me cry today 
I have to apologize to someone today 
I have to be at work in an hour and i just want to curl up in a cocoon &amp; stop thinking about stoopid people who don't care... 
I have to be honest with myself.. i miss stockholm actually.. 
I have to be up in 3 hours to bake a cake 
I have to buy an '09 #911 to get #XMNavTraffic.  I'll have to wait over a year to find one used
I have to call Qwest &amp; Direct TV today and I am really not looking forward to spending 10 hours on hold 
I have to call the US shortly from my mobile. It's going to cost me a bomb 
i have to cancel my Team Jonas membership 
i have to catch a bus today 
I have to change the baby's nappy AGAIN! 
I HAVE to clean today..ugh..don't want to.. 
I have to cut grass. Raychyl: sorry I didn't come by, Edison wouldn't walk any further. 
I have to deport myself, so I can come back into the country and renew my visa.  http://ff.im/3trL5
i have to do homework but i cant concentrate 
I have to do it 
i have to do my homeworkkkkkk 
i have to do my math homework. but i dont want tooooo.  ahhahaha.
i have to do myy maths hw  screw commerce lol then im gonna watch master chef
i have to do some math 
i have to do the dishes 
I have to drink the most disgusting sugary drink for this test! I feel jittery &amp; I'm not even halfway done!  blah!!
i have to drink through a straw 
I have to feel better... and have to study really hard 
I HAVE TO FIND A NEW POWER CORD FOR MY LAPTOP TOMORROW ITS ALMOST DEAD SO I CAN BARELY POST ANYTHING ANYWHERE 
i have to find THAT dress tonight.  i'm getting tired of looking.. 
I have to finish this project. 
I have to fix a flat tire of my bicycle  but first one more cup of coffee!  ? http://blip.fm/~6gbsa
I have to forget him, He only makes me feel sad... 
I have to get my monroe taken out, fuck camping this is why it got infected 
I have to get out of bed now? seriously?! 
I have to get rid of my dog 
i have to get sick now... / i better freaking heal before july 30th or imma puke ALL over the plane for florida 
I have to get up at 4:30 AM tomorrow 
i have to get up so early and of course i cant sleep 
I have to get up, but I don't feel very good .. 
I have to give him away  http://twitpic.com/7vww1
I have to give my phone back to the company so they can give me an iphone  such a bummer !!!!!!!!!
I have to give up my bed for 3 days! my family is forcing me to sleep in the backyard on a lawn chair  evil! evil!
i have to go back to work tomorrow. that's no fun 
I have to go byke to Valdosta but i dont wanna be lonely when i get there! 
i have to go camping tonight. usually i'd like it, but i have to go with my brother's cub scout pack. 
i have to go do the last part () of my history coursewrk ....so suckish! 
I have to go find a real darkroom....I have an actual film camera and the autowinder snapped a roll last week.   Major uncool.
i have to go get my car tag renewed today 
I have to go grocery shopping.. with no twitter.. no msn.. cause my freaking hiptop wont work. i think i might cry 
i have to go in 8 minutes. 
i have to go in to work early today  fml.
i have to go now  mum's making me help her with her cooking thing  wish me luck o_O see u at 7, 2 hours of?.. tell u when i back
i have to go out tonight. I really dont feel like it 
I have to go pee, but i don't want to ask my dad to get off the highway. 
I have to go right now.. but I'll be back at night! Laterrr 
I have to go run my other 2 miles I promised to do today. I am beat but I have to...since I promised. 
I have to go soon...  I don't wanna...
I have to go to a going away party tonight 
i have to go to bed now (work in 7.5 hrs OH GOD). also rocky is tomorrow. my brain hates me. no sleeping in till next weekend, i guess... 
I have to go to bed on time because I help open up the store tomorrow. No late night fun for me. 
i have to go to bed soon! yay! 
i have to go to college to revise chemistry on my half birthdayy 
I have to go to Missouri today 
I have to go to my &quot;School fete&quot; which is on the 27th June 
I have to go to physiotherapy this afternoon 
I have to go to school cuz my parents are going to work! I hate waking up this early on vacay! 
i have to go to school for science revision  tomorrow is my final day wooo 
I have to go to school tomorrow to look at the sections.  Maybe I'll take pictures. :&gt;
I have to go to school tomorrow. 
I have to go to sleep  my little sis turn off the PC... Nighty night followers
I have to go to sleep but i cant 
I have to go to sleep but I don't want to 
i have to go to some breakfast place an hour away just to see my g-father 
I have to go to the bank, I real don't want to go 
i have to go to the dentist noooooooooooooo 
i have to go to the doctor... i don't want to... cause there i can wait sooo long... 
I have to go to the doctors on Friday  Blahhh!
I have to go to the skating rink now... Joy 
I have to go to this stupid information evening for school. Really not excited 
I have to go to veterine with my lovely rabbit 
I have to go to work 
I have to go to work in the a.m. &amp; I CAN'T sleep! 
I have to go to work now. 
I have to go to work.... so tempted to bunk off to play Virtua Tennis 2009 more... 
I have to go wash my hair as it stinks from burning wood yesterday! 
I have to go... already  But it was nice rejoining twitterville, even if it was only for a short while. Laters, tweeps!
I have to goto work now ahhh kill me  my life isn't going the way I want it too atm. Ta ta kids x
i HAVE TO HAVE a Bernese Mountain Dog...  soooo beautifulllll!!!
i have to help my dad with our boat  boring
I have to iron my clothes now 
i have to learn again  and later i will go to a big barbecuuue!
I have to leave devon today 
I have to leave for work in one hour and I've been up all night. Crying. 
I have to leave her in 16 days 
i have to leave London at about 1ish, and i'll probably miss more than half of McFlys interview 
I have to leave tomorrow 
I have to lee the boys in November. I HAVE to! I thought my time was coming 
i have to make a decision...its not a nice one but has to be done. i feel sad today and wish it would rain again to match my mood 
i have to make a toga today  then i have to move some of this so i can afford some wine....geez life on the city strizugg.
I have to make a whole COAT by Tuesday. 
i have to make my own dinner, even though i'm at home? OH GODS. 
I have to make the most out of my summer.  Last day today, first day tomorrow.
I have to memorize this by the end of the day.  http://twitpic.com/7xur7
I have to miss Andrew Jackson Jihadddddd, fuck work 
I have to miss Hug a Goat Day because of stupid photography. And I really wanted to hug a goat. 
I have to more more study English to success living in US for a year. huh... 
i have to move again  really sucks oh well better than being with a drunk fuck
I have to move my car in the am. 
I have to organize so many things today. I'm pressed for time. 
I have to pack tomorrow grr  i wish all my stuff would pack it's self
I have to pack... But I just want to go back to sleep. I need to get out of bed 
i have to pass music exam if i dnt want me overall grade to be a E or D lol 1 1/2 hours listening to baroque music joy 
I have to pee and @hoyle1337 is making fun of me 
I have to pee so bad but cant bc im by myself at work! 
I HaVE TO PEE!!! 
I have to pee. 
I have to pick up my heart off the ground  i just had a lil kid ask me 2 buy him cereal 4 him N his sister.Glad i had $! Feels good 2 help
I have to poop! Ha i wish it was because of jimmy's but its not  i want some. Ugh. And kady's getting younger
I have to pull all my stickey notes off my bed room wall  http://twitpic.com/6a6rq
I have to pull tooth. It's my destiny in mid-June  F**k! June sucks.
i have to put all my stuff back on my phone  its takin agesss x
I have to put my dog down tomorrow 
I HAVE TO READY OH GAAAWD HELP ME 
i have to really focus n get in the 'mode' ... its gonna b a loooong night ... blah my stomach aint feeln good either 
i have to redo my whole chameleon tank... discoverd mold underneath the branches...this is bad...i get the chameleon on tuesday 
i have to retake my history test today 
I have to return the Canon EF 70-200mm f/2.8L IS USM Telephoto Zoom that I rented from LensPro tomorrow.    https://www.lensprotogo.com/
i have to revise but i cant be bothered!!! someonee help me pleasee !! 
i have to revise physics today....ive been putting off and putting off but its too near to the exam now....  
I have to revise soon 
I have to run so early  ItÂ´s pretty hot in Seville.Now I need to have a shower!!
I have to say a week later I'm back to Seesmic Desktop. Lounge was great, but I missed some features 
I have to say our Texas Sigma Pi Lone Star Reunion is going to be a blast this Saturday, to bad it is only Monday night 
I have to say that I'm so depressed today that we're not heading to boston...especially since I had sweet dreams.  
I have to say that you're too &quot;sáº¿n&quot;! (the way you compliment the actors you like)  I don't like that 
I have to say UT looks nicer from the TB..But how to access my friends here? 
I have to say, I am not a fan of clothdiapers.  Having had a baby, I never want to see what is in the diaper again! #clothdiapers 
I have to sleep on my couch tonight... NEG!  hope you all sleep tight, I won't.
I have to start eating healthy 
I have to start studying  dot feel like it.
i have to start studying for prelims on wednesday.. time passes by so fast.. 
I have to stay at work till 8:30 tonight 
i have to stop eating at burger king. im starting to get fat! but its sooo good! 
i have to stop following people on my phone for this weekedn 
I have to stop looking at holiday packages! Now I'm dying to go to LA 
I have to study economics today .. 
I have to study energy and sustainable development and I don't want to 
I have to study Research today of all days 
I have to study, i hate history that's not fair  
I have to take my PSP apart. 
i have to take my sidekick back. 
I have to take placement tests today. 
I have to things to say to @nutburgers MAYBE and I forgot my stamp. 
I have to throw some of my stuffs. Luggages are too full! 
i have to tidy my room 
I have to tidy my room soon and i couldnt be bothered sad timess 
I have to try and talk with Thomas today. I think he's a lil upset with me 
i have to turn off the computer because of the storm 
i have to usher today  first sunday, communion sunday
I have to wade through 50 tweets from the 'stars' just to read the ones I even give a crap about.   I am not liking Twitter so much.
i have to wait 48 minutes 
I have to wait for the rest of the season to download. 
I have to wait six hours for my new youtube picture to be up 
i have to wait till june 15 to see my friends .. ugh  why can't it be june 10 ??
I have to wake up all fucking early tomorrow 
I have to wake up at 6am tomorrow  work starts at 8am but i have to leave at 7:30.  Deff showering tonight to save time tomorrow.
I have to wake up at 6am tomorrow. Jeeeezus. That's tooo early 
I have to wake up at 8 and I can't sleep. 
I have to wake up early tomorrow. 
I have to wake up in 3 hours 
I have to wake up in about 5 hours 
i have to wake up in four hours to go to work but i can't sleep 
i have to wake up in two hours.... 
i have to wash my hair, but i don't wanna 
i have to wear glasses for a month.  
I have to wear my glasses again cause my eyes have got worse 
I have to wear my glasses today. 
I have to wonder if global warming is destroying the Gummi Bears' habitat.  That would be sad.  http://myloc.me/1112
i have to work 2 night  oh well at least its holidays but still its so cold
I have to work all day today... Another nice day in doors. This is not fun anymore 
I have to work alllll day today  So much for my Saturday.
I have to work at 6... stupid Father's Day move  lol
I have to work in pets tonight and garden center!  I work at walmart if you didn't know lol
i have to work manana so dont look for me here cuz im not free till bout 6pm 
I have to work on my portfolio.... I hate doing that 
I have to work on one of the hottest days in the year... Not happy! I'm gna melt 
I have to work overtime again tonight,  I hate overtime 
I have to work Saturday.    Puts a kink on the road trips but I will be at Cards game Sunday.  WooHoo!!!
I have to work today and miss church. 
i have to work tomorow 
I have to work tomorow  should I go to bed alone agen ?
i have to work tomorrow how  hope im okay cos today i have the cramps from hell 
i have to work tomorrow... but i want to stay up! 
I have to write a report for school.  That sucks!
i have to write a speech on &quot;speeches&quot;. wtf. thanks raz. 
I have to write Fishman's BS essay while at a funeral. 
I have tomorrow off and really want to stay up and play inFamous... But I'm too tired from catching my morning flight then working 
I have tons of bug bites  we cant leave the screen open on late summer nights anymore @cassizanone :/
i have too do a lot of school work now  *cry
i have too much email... 
I have tooo much to do to be sick 
I have training tml but I can't sleep  I am feeling super super insecure right now.
i have tweeted about alan rickman twice in 2 days. i don't think any of the dvds i have left with me have alan rickman in  i want him.
I have two canker sores right next to each other. 
I have two FB accounts I have control over atm, and neither is mine. 
i have two gray hairs...and im only 22 
I have two more exams left, one Wednesday and one Thursday 
i have unbearable pain in my teeth. @DrAwab, tell me some medicine man 
I have uncontrolable hic-ups right now that hurt 
I have used 2 PC's today. 1 is my laptop at home, the other is a desktop PC at work. Both have broke 
I have watched the New Moon trailer 6566 x. I don't wanna do ancient civ!  @peacelovecasey I don't understand how you enjoyed this course!
I have way too many photos to scan. I'm pooped. 
I have way too much work to do today 
i have wayyy too much homework  bum deal
I have weapons grade hayfever 
i have weird ppl following me  ok now, whose weird whose not... u decide!
i have what is quite possibly the most boring bedtime reading ever 
i have woke up ill, no night in glasgow for me  bed + tea, no vodka and dancing =/
I have work all week. 
I have work in 50 minutes...leaving in about 20. Life sucks  Really don't feel well either 
I have work in an hour 
i have work n 3hrs n its a 10hr day, 30 mins to n fro, hr lunch aka loooong day 
i have workshop tomorrow  don't want to wake up early
I have yet to go to sleep! Fuck me I am tired! 
I have Zundapp withdrawal symptoms  It's close to a year since the last time I had a ride!
I havee theee fluu 
I haven`t celebrated my blog`s first anniversary yet. T`was supposed to be this June, but school`s hell. Aww 
I haven't  got any food in and have a new credit card being sent to me so I can't take any money out for a take away.  I might die. 
I havent been able to listen to it yet  My speakers are busted
I haven't been able to tweet 
I haven't been asleep yet and I have to met my dad around 12pm 
I haven't been feeling very twitterate today, people; I'll leave you all to it. 
I haven't been feeling well today  Think I need putting down! Watching the BLOODY LOVELIES Amanda Mealing on Holby is helping though! ;)
I haven't been on here  oops
i haven't been on in a week :l  sorry guys
i havent been on my laptop all day and i didnt get one email 
I HAVENT BEEN ON THIS IN AGES! i forgot my password 
i haven't been on twitter for a long time  oh well, iM gonna go outside, see ya!
i havent been on twitter for a while, turns out i had a viruis :p sad thing is i still cod have used the internet 
I haven't been out the house since tuesday night  please send me cake and starbucks @JackAllTimeLow
i haven't been to a gig in AGES would do anything to get some brand new tickets..argh 
I haven't been to a Toys R Us in like four years 
i havent been twittering for AGES im a slacking 
i haven't been watching anime since i've been so busyy 
i haven't been with jordyn for 19 hours  zach and her are staying thee night. woot
I haven't checked Facebook in 36 hours 
I haven't done anything productive all day, and I probably won't. D; I have to pack, and I still have a wee bit of hw to finish. 
i haven't done my taxes yet. 
I havent eaten all day 
I haven't eaten all day. Probably cause I couldn't keep it down. 
i haven't eaten any chocolate in 5 days...the longest i've EVER gone without it! 
I haven't eaten anything today 
I haven't eaten breakfast yet. 
I haven't eaten for a whole day 
i haven't even started the rationale. i finished my bct, started BOM but my BOM is so boring so far! not happy about it  was yours boring?
I haven't felt like this in a long while! I think sleep would be the best answer for everyone right now.. Even me!.. 
I haven't felt this sick in a long time. 
I haven't felt this sick since I was eight. My head is pounding, but I can't take medicine until I eat, but I throw up everything. Wtf. 
I haven't finished my summer to do list yet 
I havent found my cell phone  its been lost since last saturday.
I haven't got internet in all week 
I haven't got voice.. I belive that I've got anginas. 
I haven't gotten a moment of wow time for the last three days! 
i havent gotten any prank calls making me laugh in so long.  
i havent gotten this Twitter sh*t yet!...GRRR...HELP ME  
I haven't gotten to see my boyfriend in 2 days, and he's not answering my texts. This is depressing 
i havent had a good sleep since saturday  i'm usually good at it
I haven't had any RSVPs for my laundry party  How can you resist Folderdash, Sortium, Guessshirts??
I haven't had caffeine yet today... I've got a headache 
i havent had starbucks in almost 6 months. and its makin my tummy hurt 
i haven't heard a tweet from @johncmayer in far too long!  miss youuuu john!
I haven't learnt english scince year 10 I've had about two lessons in year 11. Guna FAIL tomorrow 
i haven't made my pledge on 1000 tweets 
i havent managed to think of anything interesting to say for like 3 days so far 
I haven't read applegeeks in so long  sorry @hawkster
I haven't read my mail since March.. til now. And I have 309 unread messages!! I don't wanna read it all! 
I havent rested enough yet  - http://tweet.sg
I haven't run in a while because I have been sick and the weather has sucked.   Let's hope for better weather and a... http://bit.ly/Ywx6K
I haven't seen &quot;Up&quot; or &quot;Drag Me To Hell&quot; yet. 
i havent seen a butterfly in a long time 
i haven't seen him for 6 weeks now.. i miss him so bad. 
I haven't seen Muffin in two whole days! 
i havent seen my bff all summer  but i get to see her tonmorrow! yay! collective squishy forever! 
i havent slept all night 
I haven't slept yet 
I haven't started my website yet   I used to enjoy website design, but not anymore.
i havent tweeted all day....JUST ta prove I'm not a addict...........Damn, i just tweeted  
I haven't tweeted in a couple hours. I want to go pick up Marvel Zombies 2. 
I haven't tweeted yet today? Seriously? My game is OFF today 
I haven't twittered anything in days. How sad 
I haven't updated in sooooo long 
i haven't watched ep.5 of jonas. i went on to 7 and skipped 5. i wanna watch it. but can't 
I haven't worn my retainers in like three weeks and they barely fit now. 
I havn't been able to watch a #cubs game in forever and this is what happens?! Dogers 5 Cubs 0 - bottom of the first. 
i havnt had any contact wit any of u guy ina whole week! its so depressing bein lockd up in dat room wit no one to txt  and its summer 2..
I haz a sad  kittehs are all gone as of today. *sniffle*
I haz sunburn, again. 
i headed to cali, for my cuz'z funeral. hella sad. 
I hear a child in the monitor...time to head back upstairs. 
I hear a high pitched ringing in my class and it doesn't seem like anyone else hears it. 
I hear clapping... Yep, I'm home...  I miss you!  http://twitpic.com/7hvdj
i hear firecrackers from hampstead... i wanna go see them 
I hear it's a scorcher back home - all we've got here are clouds  Back in the studio, maybe if we're lucky we might get 2 songs done 2day!
i hear que pasa closed and now im crying the best burritos in the world are gone 
i hear the da vinci code sucks.
i hear the upperclassmen arent very nice sometimes. i dont want them picking on me 
I hear thunder  I don't like it !!!!
I hear thunder... looks like no grass cutting tonight 
I hear tonight is the last jleno show 
I hear you Jenny. Great way to spend a long weekend if you are where I am!   So much work..
I heard #Placebo on KROQ this morning!! Then I heard the guy on the McDonald's commercial say &quot;eXpresso&quot;- come on! Haha. Now I'm at work. 
I heard a gun shot today and i found out they shot a deer down the street 
I heard an icecream truck and took of like a shot but I couldn't catch it. 
I heard back from Simone Elkeles 2day abt author interview I want 2 do 4 #bloggiesta. She wants 2 do it but is under deadline. 
i heard dj tiny ta - revenge of the trollops got pushed back AGAIN  omg
I heard kittens but I couldn't find them 
I heard nick J cut his hair 
I heard plants can twitter, too. My little acorn-tree &quot;yusuf&quot; would cough if he could. He's really ill. 
I heard that @ANTROPOPHAGY is trying to copy-machine radiate himself in sorrow that @EricVonRoyer doesn't love him anymore... 
I heard that Lines, Vines, and Trying Times was coming out earlier in some places, so I just came back from Wal-Mart annndddd....nothing 
I heard that Tosch isn't starting the Star Wars GURPS tomorrow. So angry 
I heard the weather is shit back in torrance  suckkkks its perfectt in palmsprings. SUMMER&lt;3
I heard THEE most disgusting story last night  absolutely horrid. and the person that told me is a baaad person! hah
I heard this weekend that Sir Jackman wanted to give money to an association.I tried to do my best for Juliana Wetmore ...but too late 
I heard today that a number of PV job openings are not real. Most companies are waiting for the PV market to turn around before hiring. 
I heart you!!! @ducna I'm still not home  by the way
I heat sunday, and I don't know why? Do you heat too? hahahaha. I don't want make my bed  . I see you later...
I hekka dont feel good  just wokeup!  I dont think i'm going to school tomorrow.
I hella hella hella want some McDonalds and some Aliu.. 
I hella love &quot;The Game&quot; on BET tho! Now why did they stop playin' it on the CW! 
I hella wanna walk out today.. Today is a bad day for me.!!! 
I hit a baby duckling this morning!  
I hit a baby when I was swinging  parents need to take care of their kids more D:&lt;
I hit a deer tonight 
I hit a kitty 
i hit my finger on my closet door and now it's looking all blue and purple...and it hurts really bad too 
I hit my funny bone  hate that feeling
i hit my head earlier n it still hurts 
I honestly believe that Game Designers love making complicated formulas to torment me  #gamedesign #iphonedev #gameproducer
I honestly don't even know when Father's Day is... 
I honestly dont kno what to do im so confused about my feelings,When im with you he doesnt matter but when im with him you dont matter? 
i honestly dont tink the hills will be the same without lauren 
I honestly feel bad for this girl on &quot;16 and prego&quot; 
I honestly feel so shitty again. 
I honestly just don't know anymore ... ugh 
I honsetly have no idea what time it is.  but Im going back to sleep reguardless.
I HOP  havent had ihop in a minute like other things lmao
i hop i get some thing 
I hope @aof_official don't tour Australia whilst I'm in New Zealand, talk is they'll be here in Feb 
I hope @DynamiteSaint is alright after this  I love you baby I'm always here for you
I hope @missmeggydoodle feels better! She's got a sore throat. 
I hope 10.6 is blue screen free or I will not upgrade 
i hope a lot of people dont unfollow me after the concerts over   im funny, i promise!
i hope all of my fellow iranians find peace, and if you cant then flee the country.. if you can flee  ......#i.. http://tinyurl.com/mv2c9u
i hope all of my fellow iranians find peace, and if you cant then flee the country.. if you can flee  ......#iranelection i &lt;3 you tehran!
I hope and pray Air France 228 people did not suffer in any way 
I hope Ant's alright, haven't heard from him in a time 
I hope blink 182 tickets don't sell out before 4  stupid work...
I hope Brokencyde is some kinda joke. I really hope it is 
I hope Cal Day &amp; Picnic Day @ Davis are not scheduled on the same day next year...that was bummer. I wanted to go to both 
I hope Chetters is alright 
I hope Clare and Katie are up for the pub...been nearly a week 
i hope dat old lady dnt pretend 2 fall out again b/c 2morrow i hav 2 usher and im NOT catchin her!!! 
I hope everybody has fun at Riverbend tonight watching Jake Owen &amp; Willie Nelson! I wish I could go but I have to work 
I hope everyone enjoys the A4U Awards this evening - really sad not to be there 
i hope everyone feels privileged now  (sorry, outburst echoing @pobrecita 's similar sentiments.)
i hope everyone has a great bank holiday, although i have to work on monday 
I hope everyone is safe in these times 
I hope everyone's enjoying their weekends together. Due to quarantine issues, we're out of Studio for 2 whole weeks!  Oh well, much to do.
I hope everyone's having fun at Wizard World Philadelphia.  I totally should have gone.  I suck hole.  
I hope he can come down or me going to be a very sad camper 
I hope he wasnt serious 
i hope Heather and James are okay 
I hope hes okay 
i hope i can find a store to take us 
I hope I can get in to see the mmva awards. I really want to see the Jonas Brothers since I can't make it to their concert this summer 
I hope I can get my new kitty to eat. I am looking up names for her.Shes scared though. Cant sleep without my Mimis 
i hope i can talk to my boo tonight 
I hope I didn't forget anyone, if I did I am really sorry  but I that is my #followfriday so far for the week...so get following!
I hope I didn't lose my camera by the river!! 
i hope i didnt make a mistake!! 
I hope I don't be in this place all day I'm in a crappy mood today 
I hope I don't become ill. If I get a bloody fever, I've got to go to the ER to make certain it's not malaria 
I hope i don't forget to watch the MTV Movie Awards tonight 
I hope I don't have to embalm this body 
I hope i don't miss the bus  dumb sport training.
I hope I don't show up late for work tomorrow.  
I hope I dont sleep through the French Open... this isnt a good pace 
i hope i get a phone.  i really want 1 like @apetagon17 [blackberry] so i can keep up with this sh..stuff. ha, when im in the city that is
I hope I get the job so I can have some steady income and start eating well again. All the cheap food is horrible for you 
i hope i get to see my dork soon! i miss him 
I hope I get to sleep in tomorrow. I'm working in my day off today  stupid product launches.
i hope i go i hope i go 
I hope I have my period by tomorrow -__- I don't want it during prom! 
i hope i hope i hope i SO HOPE i win an iphone from #trackle or #squarespace, im so sad for ruining my ipod last nite 
I hope I make a quick recovery for britney 
I hope i reach home before ajeesh sings is super singer. Missed y'day's episode. Heard he sang really well! 
i hope i wont like him again  im tired of hurting. naks.
I hope icecream will make everything better. 
I hope I'll can see the 3D movie again with Agus 
I hope I'll get the data needed for my presentation near noon... or before hell becomes an arctic desert... 
I hope I'm not cramping too bad tomorrow. 
I hope I'm not really ill, given that I don't have health insurance at the moment. 
I hope I'm not too hot going out in jeans :s I feel fat when I look @tracecyrus his legs are skinnier than mine  lol
i hope it doesnot rain tmorrow cause we havea CARNIVLEL and i want 2 have it cause i only hav 9 more days in PS90 im goin 2 miss PS90  sad
I hope it doesn't rain at Shelby's party.. 
i hope it doesn't rain on wednesday and thursday. because all my umbrellas are in irvine.  rain in JUNE ?!?! 
i hope it doesn't rain tomorrow 
I hope it doesn't rain tomorrow or else I will be really sad 
I hope it doesnt rain tomorrow. 
i hope it doesnt rain tonight tomorrow my fam. comes to visit swimming pool and carne asada  if it rains the pool is going to be dirty 
I hope it doesn't.....DOESN'T inspire more girls.  my bad on the last tweet. I really really get upset about teen pregnancy. Sucks
I hope it is ok, when I do it today too.... I will start at nine... hmmm... I ever have to think about my job. I need to relax.... 
i hope it not true.   Xabi.. please stay with us.  http://is.gd/KHGZ
I hope it's a holiday today...i wanna SLEEP!!! 
I hope it's all good with Bolid. 
I hope its all okay..otherwise..i dunno what to do... 
i hope i've got tickets for the @jonasbrothers concert in dublin, ireland cause its sold out!   hope they do another show here
I hope I've not missed anyone out of my follow fridays 
I hope john and Kate is better this week. Last week's was too sad 
I hope Jon &amp; Kate doesn't get a divorce. It would be a tragedy for their kids. 
I hope LT didn't get eaten by dragons. I haven't heard from him in a while. 
I hope Mighty Mouse is ok 
I hope my baby is ok. 
i hope my best frand doesnt move to kenucky!!!! 
i hope my dadddy is okay. 
I hope my dress for tonight doesn't get too creased today, I forgot to bring a hanger to work. Oh dear 
I hope my ear still isnt infected on the day of the concert. 
I hope my fishy isn't dying! 
I hope my frog voice goes back to normal soon. 
I hope my grandma gets better! she is in the hospital 
I hope my laptop comes back soon 
i hope my little addy's eye clears up and we don't have to take her to the vet tomorrow 
I hope my mobile bill is a joke... 
I hope my mom can still have a happy mother's day. 
i hope my nan is ok.... i love you and im praying for you 
I hope my other cuzzins ok now  I really need to go to sleep tho o.O
I hope no one in my camp gets addicted to drugs. That would hurt me. 
I hope nobody I know was harmed during the earthquake 
I hope nobody unsubscribed from Fred today  He's too awesome to miss! â™¥
I hope siobanna's in school today... I miss her 
i hope teacher paren naman sa science si ms marentes. 
I hope that darkrai has moved on from our area, I don't want me and @blue_shellos to have bad dreams again tonight 
I hope that family members aren't seeing their loved ones brought out on stretchers. 
I hope that I'm dreaming, cause I'm sick of this feeling. PS: Where in the world is Tikiville? 
i hope that one day ma dreams become reality ... 
I hope that reallllyyyyy hott guy in in my english exam tomorrow...he distracted me from my maths paper coz he was so hott 
I hope that there's still  chance for the air france plane. Jesus please  make a miracle.What a horrible disturbing new I still can sleep 
I hope that they find the missing French jet. Very sad thing 
I hope that Twilight will win tonight (YNNNNNNNN) â™¥ In France it will be 3 am... 
I hope the  Angels sweep the dodgers!! All games are sold out  i would do ANYTHING to go to those games
I hope the Air France plane defies the odds and is found safe. 
I hope the bootlegger got a damn phone charger for sale cuz my blackberry is dying. 
I hope the dealership can fix my iPod today 
I hope the Dutch lady at work isn't a cricket fan. Monday could be interesting and not in a good way 
I hope the game doesn't get rained out tonight 
i hope the iranian people unite together. i fear the worse: a civil war  :'(
i hope the lapse of judgment doesn't make me less of a person to the eyes of these people.. 
I hope the other Mod night is better next week.  june 27th &quot;the smoke&quot;  this place seriously needs matty &amp; kristen. 
i hope the people make it back all right. im sorry for anyone that lost some one 
i hope the rain lets up. we're supposed to have a bonfire tonight 
I hope the rest of the day flies by, I've had to do a lot of pointless crap today and I'm over it. Is it time for softball yet? 
I hope the whole IRAN situation does not blow up  With two wars US has already has its plateful.
I hope there will be bigger news for the Palm Pre than the Wal-Mart news... 
I hope they come up with a cure for migraines very soon, a not so great way to end the day. 
I hope they don't jack my soap 
I hope they don't ruin Bella &amp; Jacob's relationship. New Moon is my favourite 
I hope they find saif healthy to think out of anyone that he would fall in the colorado river  godbless him and his family!
I hope they find that plane! 
I hope they find that plane, 
I hope they find Tommy the tortoise  he was so cute
I hope they miss me.. But it's just only hope, actually they don't remembering me hiks 
I hope this aint all the hats 
i hope this doesn't mean i'm getting sick....   
I hope this illness thing is only a one day thing, I've got exams on mon and tues! I had to do mitigating circumstances last time 
I hope this is going to be the right choice. 
i hope this is my body getting sick BEFORE perham instead of getting sick before getting sick at perham. 
I hope this isn't a new thing... the crying. 
i hope this passes really fast... fuck it hurts.. 
i hope this to be the last Bank Holiday weekend i have with a leg in plaster!! no need! 
i HOPE this whole shit doesnt lead to a civil war   i wish iranians, religious or non religious, WILL GET ALONG ! :'(
I hope those girls stay safe at the beach. 
i hope to make it to my 930am meeting 
I hope to make roasted beet hummus today, but first... I MUST go to the gym.  
I hope today goes by fast...really dont feel like going into work. Its SO hot here! 
I hope today is a good one. Onl six days left till schools out. But still three more years of high school 
I hope today is better than I think it's going to be. 
I hope we can find tickets for Lady gaga friday night at the cool haus in toronto 
I hope we don't get a hueg &quot;THIS MOVIE HAS BEEN CANCELLED DUE TO NOT NUFF MONEYS&quot; in the middle of #Terminator4 
i hope we gonna go somewhere! i gonna DIE at home all day!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hope when i get home from college i have my BEP album waiting for me  The E.N.D.
I hope you are all enjoying the sun.  Been working here since 9.... 
I hope you are not like your sign at allll. 
I hope you are still here  
I hope your happy with your love life because it just makes me cry 
I hope you're not mad 
i hope youre okay  ha im so gay crying at the dentist
i hope your're okay @alexalltimelow, scary. and im so sorry @iamjonathancook, be strong 
I hope Zachary Quinto is at least bi. 
I hungry 5 days ago  Feels like I am in a 'dieting hospital'.
I hurt all over. I have pretty bad sunburn on my back, shoulders, chest and the back of my legs 
I hurt everywhere! Why am I so unfit? 
I hurt my ankle and now i can hardly walk 
i hurt my arm today 
I hurt my foot in gym class. 
I hurt my foot when I went jogging with 4 years old running shoes. &quot;Yippee&quot;. I can't put any weight on it. 
i hurt my foot yesterday and i DON'T like that! 
I hurt my funny bone and its not funny 
i hurt my knee real bad 
I hurt my knee yesterday and now it hurts to walk   
I hurt my leg running this morning. FML. 
I hurt my paw 
I hurt my shoulder in a Rugby match and now my back really hurts.  AND I'm getting toe surgery soon. My body takes a lot of abuse. lol
I hurt my shoulder mowing this weekend  Gotta keep the house pretty!
I hurt so bad omg. And I found my dog hiding in my bathroom because he's afraid of the thunder. 
I hurted my toe 
I hurtie Kwist's toe.   ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ atleast i'm at her house.
i hust had the weirdest and longest dream ever! now im shattered! ahh long day got to fit revision around a rehearsal and babysitting 
I hve a blister on my pinky nd it hurts soooo much! 
I hve a huge headace. 
I ignored my boyfriend for 5 hours on accident  naps are unhealthy &gt;_&lt;
I' in the most complicated situation ever haha, probably going to have no friends after this 
I injured my knee 
I installed the newest tweetdeck and it appears to be an EPIC FAIL.  I can't resize the window, I can't click on the pop up to open it 
I invite so many people to be my friend they never respond!!! 
I Iove how I've had my second flat tire in 6 months and again, this time, its a week until my new tire is in. Special order fts 
I is going to bed now... I wished i liked Marah's new song   I have high hopes for MOAIA!
i is in socialll SUCKS!!  3 hours in this stinkin classs?/?!  
i is probly not going to be on 4 a bit cus i got mega cell bill and is probly going to well not c the light of day 4 a bit  
i is sad 
I is sat no couch with a coffee dont feel much better than i did yesterday 
I itches....... 
I iz gonna miss @JulieBoink 
i jared my little finger real bad again in netbal    we lost by heaps to     were not that good lol...go bacchus marsh cobras. luv ya xx
I join the bad joke-athon: A midget goes to the doctors and says &quot;Doctor, everytime it rains my froufrou hurts.&quot; 
I joined Spotify to listen to Bill Callahan / Smog, but they have none  - anyway, can you Last.fm scrobble it? #spotify
I joke around since @chuckf was able to keep his DC salary, he can afford to have me as a housewife ;). But I get stir crazy too easily 
I jsut ruined my green trousers  Bloody nosebleeds, maybe I need to speak to the doctor...
I juasmnlgndksineus I FUCKING HATE TYPOS!!!!!!!! MY ITOUCH DOESNT LIKE ME 
I JUMPED LIKE A FUCKING RETARD AND I DIDN'T WIN THE MACBETH HAMPER!!!     SO PAISEY!!
I jus broke my nail on my middleleft finger..UUUUUUUUUUGGHH    AUTOMATIC BITCHMODE!!!
I jus broke my sunglasses...gaaaah the first pair ive ever broken  tears..
i jus came form work and im tried 
I jus dont feel lyk tweeting nemore.... mayb i shuld just log out....  *sigh*
I jus figured out that shawna raped a sheep poor sheep 
i jus made a dress, and its alittle retarded 
I jus spent 12 hours at schoool.. Grosssss 
i jusr woke up, jesus christ didn't have a good sleeep. 
i juss realized my momma love taleesha more thenshe loves me 
I just  seen the most evilist  messed up video ever!! @craffo it would somake you cry! i did, i will again if i dont stop thinkin bout it 
i just  tuned into the last 20 seconds and heard who got fired now im annoyed plus i thought it was started at ten, o well 
I just accidentaly elbowed andrew in the mouth 
I just accidentilly cut a chunk of my tounghn with nail clippers  Its a long story. Id rather not talk about it.
I just added a ton of pics to my mysapce. I'm going 2 set up another FB soon, they took mine down because they said I was NOT real person 
i just added some vids 2 my youtube channel!  soz about not wrighting 4 so long 
I just almost got my face pecked off by a bird. 
I just and plain HATE the labyrinth of Gurthreyn... it gives me the creeps... 
I just applied to Target! I hope i get the job.. cause im so poor 
I just applied to ten jobs! 
I Just Arrive to my home  i'm sleepy ... today was not a cool day  i'm kinda sick so it makes all worse!
I just arrived home....so tired 
i just asked david, james &amp; tom...'can you BBQ fries' &amp;&amp;&amp; they laughed at me  LOL
I just ate a box full of chocolate. my stomach hurts. 
I just ate a cheeseburger and am now going to bed. I never eat cheeseburgers. No more google searches for me. And also hello stomachache. 
i just ate a cheeseburger and dude it was the best, haha............... Ok now i'm starting to feel full  awww well....... Danmit EXAMS!!!
I just ate a grape and i jizzed in my pants 
i just ate a huge salad from trader joes.  im still hungry.  salads dont fill you up 
I just ate a Nectarine and my bottom lip is swollen now. Take those off the menu, I guess.  http://twitpic.com/7rlbi
i just ate a whole bag of goldfish... disgusting 
i just ate about 10 jungle chews in a row and now i feel really really sick 
i just ate an entire bag of cheese cubes by myself. where's @jessaywhat when i need her? 
I just ate Barbeque Wings  - I really should be a vegetarian butttt I like chicken and fish 
I just ate KFC 
I just ate my last ice cube 
I just ate my 'lunch' but i'm still friggin' starving! 
I just ate my lunch. Now my stomach hurts.  I can never please it can I? 
I just ate my mascara; way to start the morning. I have Mondays 
i just ate my weight in junk food   i hate this time of the month!
I just ate sloppy joes for breakfast  Then I dropped my damn drink on the floor. FML
I just ate so much cantalope. Wow. Bad idea on Sarah's part. Now I have the hiccups &amp; my stomach is bulging. 
i just ate so much junk food! now i feel bad with myself 
I just ate some fajhetas for my tea, and they were really spicy! I hat spicy food! It was way too strong! Ouch! 
I just ate some McDonalds and now I feel sick 
i just ate subway at 12:00 at night. there is something wrong with me &amp; i am going to be a very fat nugget  i .. http://tinyurl.com/dxao44
I just attempted to rescue a baby bird. It didn't seem to want my help 
I just aye chips and now I'm coughing 
I just back from the mall with my mom &lt;3  Explain to me why so hard to find beautiful dresses  ?
I just back from the school, i'm a little bit sick 
I just bailed my cousins hott buff boyfriend out of jail. Its a shame he is straight 
I just beat klonoa and the ending is sad  countdown to tears, there you go: 1998 apparently is when it will happen
I just beat that boss I was stuck on and it turns out Xaldin was there watching the whole freaking time. What an asshole. 
i just bit my tounge  oh no's
i just blew my nose -  but there was no explosion 
I just bought a dress and put it on in the dressinng room and am now carrying my previous dress on my shoulder like a purse  ?
I just bought my own domain and now I'm sitting here staring at the computer like an idiot trying to figure out how to make my webpage. 
I just bought the worlds greatest vibrater. The cumsplosion 9000 for 300 is the best investment ive ever made. But my batteries are dead 
I just bought twitterrific premium and now I think I'm switching to tweet deck 
I just broke a brand new bottle of TAPATIO! My dinner is now not good! 
I just broke a nail bowling  can I b anymore gay lol
i just broke my $1.00 head phones  Well time to get a new pair.
I just broke my dads heart... this is quite possibly the worst feeling i have ever felt..    
I just broke my favorite cup/mug/glass/awesome device to bring beverage to my face: http://bit.ly/u3QgV 
i just broke my favorite mug 
I just broke my favourite martini glass 
I just broke my necklace 
i just broke my tooth on a lemon head 
I just broke my violinnn  howww stupiddd
I just broke the crap out of @studiobanks. Thought I was going to get to go home tonight 
I just broke up with my boyfriend...... all I want to do is cry... 
i just broke up with my internet bf  lol
I just built the weirdest house in the history of weird houses. lol I want Sims 3 so bad! I'm bored with Sims 2  I wanna try something new
I just bumped into a black lady and spilled coke 
I just burn my hand with boiling water... 
i just burne mi damb fingerr   
I just burned my hand from curling it 
i just burned my tongue. stupid broccoli. 
I just burnt my arm 
I just burnt my finger on toast!! 
i just burnt my mouth on chinese food 
I just burnt my mouth with tea 
i just burnt myself ouch 
I just came back from DUBAI the weather suck's there ... P.S. i hate that im still in KSA shooting 
I just came back from karting and i got bruised legs 
I just came home from a nice walk by the beach. It was so cold and windy 
I just came home from work, it's 1 a.m. and I can't sleep.. 
I just came home, and I'm bored  already.
I just can not understand Classes. Woe is me 
I just canï¿½t stop listening to music, but I have too!  Todays Music: Justin Timberlake &lt;3: Losing my way
I just cannot get @filamentgroup 's menu plugin for jq ui to popup the goddamn menu! Link changes to selected state... nada. no JS errors 
i just can't believe joe saids that  i know i know, it was obvious. But It hurts more it to listen to his own mouth.
I just can't explain the amount of feelings I'm having. Honestly, I don't know what's wrong. The feeling-a-song theory is not true. 
i just cant help it omgggggg i really need something to eat 
i just cant live without u.. i almost went mad cause i didnt hav u for almost a day  my 5800..
I just can't run more than 5KM 
I just cant seem to speak chinese properly. I'm going to spend forever trying to record my speech for my holiday homework 
I just can't spell today, i totally suck 
i just can't stop whining how my head feels. ughh 
i just can't understand, i've just 20 followers 
I just can't wait for July. Just skip tomorrow, please 
i just can't wake up today 
I just can't.... 
I just caught the most painful migraine out of nowhere.....my brain is like 10 steps ahead of me....oy ve 
I just checked the iTunes sales bars as of right now. AOMM sales ranking went down by a notch in comparison to Matt's. 
I just chose the wrong hour to go a dog walk Skies opened down came a LOT of rain. House now filled with wet dog aroma 
I just come back from shop I and my friend went there to buy present 4 Magda because she leave us and go to deferent comapny 
I just contributed to the downfall of the music industry.  hahahahahaaaa
i just cracked my ankle 
i just cried a lot  im so over that all , and i cant hear it anymore...
I just cried looking at @kimmyawesome's dog 
I just cried while uploading my pictures with the Twilight boys onto my facebook. i feel so lame, but i miss them already 
I just cut my finger with a knife! It hurts! 
I just cut my hair 
I just cut up two jumpers :&quot;D haha stupid me oh well my nose hurts too  am gunna bathe it tonight xo
I just decided not to take my daisy duck hat to disney  it's too small for my head now...
I just declined making my spymaster notifications public and annoying the piss out of my poor tweeps. Poor tweeps... 
I just deleted the Norton Ghost Image I wanted to restore. And I cant seem to be able to un-delete it either 
I just devoured an entire footlong sub.  I feel so full.    back to work.
i just did @lumgi 's quiz...i don't know my bestfriend 
I just did 10 chin-ups. I dont know if I can do another set 
I just did a double take at Target because I swore I saw Steve Jobs. It wasn't him. 
I just did everything wrong in #magento you can possibly do - core_read instead of collection filters and plain _toHtml() calls 
i just did the math and i slept 14 hours last night and i still feel lethargic.. oho getting sick 
i just died by lightning.........in sims 2 
I just disabled cross-posting from my PLURK account. The ugly trackback link sort of bothered me 
I just discovered I have mild dyslexia 
i just discovered i'm a loosey  speller 
I just don't feel good. And melissa wants to take me to the doctors but i don't want to go. 
i just dont get it. why is it that i have 1000 or so subbers yet my vids only get like 200 views? i'm confused 
I just don't know what to do or say...argh this is so frustrating 
i just don't know what to do... split in 2... 
i just dont know what to say. i just want to..... to.....cry 
I just don't know what to think about Jr this season I really don't 
I Just Don't Know. It's All Just To Hard 
I just don't understand ... why we don't use Arabic letters  while Tweeting ...  I feel sorry for us 
I just don't understand immuno 
I just don't understand why corolla's want me to die.  http://twitpic.com/7qvvg
I just dont understand... Everything has been so good lately 
I just dont want niley back toguether 
I just don't want to do anything today  
I just dont want to work anymore 
I just downed my tea... Bad move I feel sick 
i just downed some coke so now im ill  oh well im going on halo 3 
I just drank a glass of water that had saw dust in it. Damn construction in my kitchen. My throat is buggin now!! 
I just dreamt that the ocean dried up 
I just dropped a tray of food on myself 
I just dropped and broke my camera. whaaaaaaaaaaaaa  
I just dropped and cracked my 5th iPhone 
I just dropped my 3rd cup of coffee on the table, &amp; it spilled all over when the cup broke  Had 2 clean up a mess. &amp; i'm 1 cup short n ...
i just dropped my cookie like i did at sdsu 
i just dropped my George Foreman grill on my kitchen floor...i think i killed it  Thank God i already took the chicken out of it!
I just dropped my laptop. The cd drive is making weird noises... 
I just dropped my macbook pro, its mega dented, I'm mega stupid. at least it still works, otherwise recording would be OFF!  x
I just dropped my phone on my face 
I just dropped my phone...really bad drop...not good. And I so smartly decided to not use the case today. Ugh. 
I just dropped shin off at the airport. Just in time. It shouldn't be any later or should was to late. Time to go in emo mode now. 
I just dropped Steve off for two weeks of training.. I miss him already. 
I just drove all around downtown because the bank turned out to be closed. Guess they changed their hours. 
I just drove through the biggest puddle and soaked 2 ladies standing on the side of the road. Sorry 
I just embarassed myself at that chinese rest., tryna eat rice with their sticks like them. Lol &amp; my friend Dwayne wouldn't stop laughing 
I just failed my assasination  I see a re-run of COD4 ahead...
I just failed my biology final 
I just feel like bursting into tears  i cant deal anymore...
I just feel so depressed. 
i just feel so sad, why he always ignore me? i feel like he don't even know that i'm excist. well, he look at me, sometimes, but still.. 
I just fell addicted to &quot;Mass Effect&quot; but I've no time since I should be learning 
I just fell and hurt a rib and scrapped my knee  I'm sooo clumsy!
I just fell asleep and had a dream about Bill, but now I cannot remember what it was 
I just fell down the stairs!  my bum is sore
I just filled out the forms to stop contributing to the retirement account i had set up with my employer  I have to pay off my credit card
I just filled up on bad calamari and shrimp wanna be cocktail 
I just finally rolled out of bed. I'm hungry 
i just find out my cousin pass way i had to go to my old job to find out i feel so F up right now i can't stop crying 
I just finish the Marina Barrage RJ of 500 words ! That is like killing 100 of my brain cell and now I have to do the enterprise RJ ! 
I just finished everything... Now lets get da finals!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just finished looking at old pictures of my babies &amp; family...kinda sad 
I just finished making Lola's 1st birthday invitation.  She's going to be 1 soon!!! WOW!!!!!!! I STILL can't believe it!
I just finished packing my 14yo son's bags for CAP camp   He's will be at the military encampment for a week - he wants to be a Marine!
i just finished painting a picture of the twin towers... and the clouds look like smoke  definitely need to fix that..
I just finished playing tackle football with my friends. I didn't hurt nobody 
I just finished reading Dead Zone a couple days ago and Cujo today. Both amazing but SO SAD!  
i just finished the hills season 5. sometimes, we really have to give up friendships for love. devastating but true. tsk tsk tsk 
I just finished The Wire last night and I already feel like I'm having withdrawals. 
I just finished watching jon and kate +8. .. i feel so bad for kate and the kids 
i just fixed my blackberry but i lost all my contacts!!! 
I just found a box full of unfinished knitting that my mom was making for kami 
i just found a cool clothing site but... it's american  but they do ship to the uk 
I just found a housing for the curve on ebay for 20 bucks. Would have saved me 5 hours of painting 
I just found a massive hole in my shoe BOOOO 
i just found a stray dog  he is soooo cute
I just found black grease on my hands and have no idea where it came from... 
i just found notes my best friend wrote up for me to help me study for my exams.. we spent that whole day/night together in the library.. 
I just found out about @ItsRachelBilson  poor thing
I just found out how hot and humid it is outside 
I just found out how to twitter from my phone. Late. I know. 
I just found out Hydrosonic practices in the building behind Stephen's office. I am sooo jealous 
i just found out i have a lot to be excited about, but a whole lotta crap to get through before i get to them 
I just found out I have an enormous bruise on my upper calf just below the back of my knee...OUCHIE don't know how I did it 
I just found out I have to wait a year for the next book in the Secrets Immortal Nicholas Flamel series! 
I just found out i missed a crazy awesome thunderstorm in idaho....sad.  but we get one on monday. :-D
i just found out my favourite uniqlo African tee, the one with the flowers, got hit with red ink or something, I don't know. really sad. 
i just found out my friends dad died, it show that anything could happen to anyone 
I just found out my grandma is in the hospital omg im worried n thats all i know. I cant get a hold of anyone. 
I just found out my printer ink went up to $21.98 a cartridge! take that x 6...ouch! 
I just found out my uncle has cancer...what a day 
i just found out my work is closing on monday....bad times  any1 want 2 hire a geography graduate with a masters in rural development?
i just found out nuggets lost 
i just found out one of my friends is dieing 
I just found out Richard Armitage is ALSO leaving Robin Hood NOOOOOOO  Why?? And I missed last nights episode 
I just found out that 2 other ppl I know lost a loved one. I guess it's true what they say...deaths occur in 3's 
I just found out that a friend of mine 's cat got hit by a car and died! :'( and she had 4 kittens :o  sooo saad :'( &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 RIP doris &lt;3
I just found out that a show I really liked (Life) isn't being renewed for another season. 
i just found out that i got taken off 2 wait lists and i have to register to get back on them tomorrow...for photo classes!!! 
I just found out that pandora now has audio ads 
I just found out that Teany burned down. 
I just found out that the past 16 years of trying to understand my parents, they never reserve the same for me...  life is so trial!
I just found out that toilets in homes can't be moved at all 
I just found out that Tom Moore retired too....sad!  Him and Peyton had such a good system! 
I just found out the restaurant where we had our wedding rehearsal dinner has closed!  
i just found out Trini died last week but she died loong time ago  Is the red ranger in  prison for life? thats what I heard
I just found out what I'm thinking about... Or what I think I found idk... Once again I'm lost 
I just found these old christmas cards from my classes last year  http://tinyurl.com/kwd3gm
i just found this weird lump on my ear... ouch! it hurts 
I just found two jobs I would LOVE to have, they are perfect for me, but they are not feasible this summer fml. 
I just fucked up my already fucked ankle because some moron thought it was a good idea to freak me out, and I slipped on ice at my door. 
I just Fuckin fell and twisted my ankle!! Ugh. The pain. 
I just fucking ran over my super cool bb headphones while on the rowing machine and now they don't work! I liked these headphones too 
I just gave myself a papercut 
I just get from the mall and I would buy only sunglasses and I ended buying a pair of boots and two Sunglasses ... I hate when I do it 
i just get hurt like fuck by her 
I just give up!!!!! Fuk it!!!!!! 
i just googled 2000 follower limit and YEP...there is a max...so i guess i cannot follow any more peeps. (time to unfollow some i guess)  
I just got a bad call to wake me up! my bro just got 6 more charges added to his case load  . that song on my myspace sunshine is for him.
I just got a lot of free shot up my nose. Gross. Anyone find my keys? 
I just got a mad craving for sour gummy worms mmmm and a pepsi from Taco Bell mmmm I forgot to eat dinner. I'm starvin marvin right now 
I just got a mosquito bite on my leg  i've been scratching it and now it's all red. I should probably stop scratching it.
I just got a paper cut 
I just got a parking ticket  i thought i had good karma coming my way
I just got a phone call from the hospital. Apparently, my Dad had a heart attack last night. They moved him. He's not doing so well... 
I just got a speeding ticket 
i just got a text from sarah 
I just got an HDTV... the lag from when I press a button on the Wii controller to when it happens is annoying, anyone know how to fix it? 
I just got back from an amazingly fun day at the local amusement park! It was so great... until I started feelin' sick. x_x Has flu now. 
i just got back from my b-ball tourney in Virginia and we lost both games 
I just got back from my dance lesson. ngoh tangan dan kakiku biru-biru 
i just got back from new bern, nc yesterday and the drive took forever  but im home now 
i just got back from one of my 3 parties today.....i got sooooo sunburned. and it hurts!!! 
I just got back from seeing &quot;Angels &amp; Demons&quot;. A nice way to spend a rainy evening. Not enough ambigrams!!   
i just got back from singng at a church... it was really boring!!! 
i just got back from the movies I SAW HANNAH MONTANA i cry  i think miley think what in the movie act
i just got bit by a misquitto and it hurts 
I just got bitten by an ant and it hurt. 
I just got busted by the owner of our company playing with a squishy ball at my desk...he asked if I needed more work to keep busy 
I just got called for a babysitting job in an hour. The best part? I have homework!! Shit 
I just got confirmation that bring me the horizon are officially cancel their show in jakarta , and it's SUCKKS  why why and why ?
I just got declined by a realllly old friend on Bebo  I haven't seen her in about 7 years.... thats made me sad D:
I just got denied ~sexual contact for a Disney movie with The Rock in it.  I am none too pleased with this.
i just got done cleaning and organizing and im exhausted!!!  time for bed.
i just got done doing community service, uhg  i didnt know churches had so many problems   oh well
I just got done Packing for my twip. Gah?! I have to get up at 4:30 am for my plane ride.  i will miss you guys  lol
I just got done ripstiking for two hours....I still suck! 
I just got dressed and left the house and im now in a taxi looking a state because jordan sat and told me a shit story 
I just got eaten alive by mosquitos on the patio 
I just got extremely embarrest 
i just got hit in the face by a piece of hail.... 
I just got home &amp; i lost a friend today 
I just got home from seeing Terminator: Salvation... I have nothing further to say on the subject 
I just got home from the hospital with Mr Brooke. He dislocated his finger.  
I just got home from work, Its so freakin hot in this house, I feel sweaty 
I just got home. When I was driving I saw a cute little possum, and then I saw the cute little possum get hit by two not one, two cars. 
I just got invited to the Lakers private party tonigh ..too bad I'm in London! 
I just got kicked in the toe 
I just got knocked in the stomach  It killed @stfujdizzlexp and I's love baby 
I just got locked out of my lab. Nobody hasn't come yet. 
I just got mad tired so no sex  sleepytime night!
I just got me a new kitten a few days ago. Down fall: didn't realize it had fleas till a day later and it's too young to get treated 
I just got my butt kicked by the art history test 
I just got my butt kicked playing Mario Sluggers Wii with my 7 and 5 year boys   Bring back Mrs Pac Man and Frogger.
I just got my cereal it tastes different than normal. I hope i will feel ok after eating it 
I just got my foot stuck in a bucket 
i just got my heart broken &amp;&amp; I don't think anyone can fix it.......   
I just got my laptop taken away by JC. He says I won't get it back until it's tested, so I won't be able to post as much anymore. 
i just got off of work at 10:45pm to return at 5:00am 
i just got out of the quest studio... i feel stupid i didn't get any of the steps/moves.. 
I just got out of the shower.I'm having the worse cramps ever!  my b/f is THE BEST! he bought me choc.manhole covers &amp; midol and a dri ...
I just got punched in thr face 
i just got really sad...  
I just got rick roll'd  Damn looking at E3 info on youtube!
I just got Rickroll'd by my TV 
I just got slapped in the face by some random guy called hayfever  the tablets have started to work now though
I just got smoke in my eye 
i just got SOAKED doing paper round this  morning...coat-wet, jumper-wet, t-shirt-wet! 
I just got some sad newws  feel like crying right now. My legend of a Great Uncle died last nite. R.I.P love u so much xxxxxxxxxx
I just got stomaches. well, need to lay down now. 
I just got stomped by a Class VII Outsider Avatar 
I just got stung by a bee  owie!
I just got the biggest urge ever to play Cap'n Crunch's Crunchling Adventure and it's nowhere to be found online 
I just got the E 74 error from my Xbox 360; in other words, it's dead  #fb
I just got the news that my dear friend is getting married!!! ughh... 
I just got through eating but I didn't get a chance to eat my red velvet cake becuz I was too full  I'll eat it tomorrow 
I just got thrusted at by a group of guys.. I was on my own aswell 
I just got totally pwned... free Virgin Mobile usage meter in app store  oh well off I go to release mine free with NO ADS then ;)
I just got totally schooled in Thumb War 
i just got up  i'm very hungry and there's no food. i'd call mickey d up, but mommy's not home therefore... not enough money 
I just got up and feel like poo 
I just got up like an hour ago and I really want to go to bed 
I Just got up, I need to finish something due on Wednesday. 
I just got up, I'm ill as fuck. I need more sleep and everything. Uchh 
I just got vodka in my ear 
I just got word tht dis guy who was w/my husbnd &amp; did ova 20 yrs &amp; jst recently came home (abt 3 mths ago) died from a heart attck FKD UP 
i just got yelled at and called rude for not waving to a girl that said hey downtown. i guess i really am an asshole 
I just got yelled at by @swear_bot for cursing too much....I feel so ashamed 
I just got yelled at for using InDesign  this sucks
I just gotta let you know, what it is that just won't let me go... It's your love ...  I'm sad
i just grew another chin 
i just had 3 frosted sugar cookies &amp; now i'm thinking that was a bad idea...my tummy hurts 
I just had 333 updates, now i have 334. 
i just had a cup of tea but its just not the same drinking it alone  sadly i have to work tonight so no giant robots &amp; explosions for me!
I just had a dream I wasn't shitting..... then I woke up 
I just had a honey tea with a bowl of crunchy nut... then I was sick a bit. 
I just had a horrible dream. 
I just had a horrible realization. I have to apply for Samo. 
i just had a lollipop with ants IN it. YUCK! 
I just had a really good conversation with Ryan about Harry Potter and starbucks. it was odd, because we never talk anymore 
I just had a small lunch  very small  ï¼šï¼ˆ
I just had a tampon in for 12 hours... I passed out... nobody woke me up...now I can't even sleep... I'm too pissed 
I just had a TJ salad with not enough dressing. 
I just had an afternoon Cat Fu fight session with kitteh Fidel. He won  http://twitpic.com/7izn3
I just had an amazing weekend. Too bad goo things come to an end QUICK 
I just had cake. Now my stomach hurts  
I just had my computer die on my right in the middle of me playing the sims 
I just had my first burger from a fast food resteraunt from Whataburger in Corpus Christi TX (: im going to go visit Selena next R.I.P 
I just had one of the worst nightmares ever in the history of nightmares. Woke up paralyzed &amp;  w/ a panic attack 
I just had some green and blacks ice cream.. now I'm pondering what to do. I need an early night though 
i just had that awful dream again  damn nazis, austrians, crocodiles and play doh guns
I just had the best god damn dream ever! Until I woke up    anyone care for a hug? I do! I do!
i just had the biggest green insect thing on my arm - arghhh! worst part of summer is the bugs! 
I just had the most awesome weekend with the most awesome guy ever.  Too bad it had to end.  
I just had the saddest dream ever 
i just had the worst dream ever and im super freaked out because its liked burned into my brain  how come we only remember the bad ones?
I just had the worst eye appt ever. It took 2.5 hours and I can barely see to type this out 
I just had the worst nightmare 
I JUST HAD THE WORST UNCONTROLLABLE SNEEZING FIT.&amp;to think i used 2 laugh at my sister&amp;dad, soo funny to see them not be able to stop 
I just had three courses for lunch, feel really sad about messing up my diet  going to do a hardcore exercise vid when I get home
I just had to ask if anyone was listening to an audio of me talking or if i was just hearing my &quot;memories.&quot; 
I just had to break a student's heart by telling him he could no longer continue here at the college.   I felt really bad doing it.
I just had to convince myself not to take a free Bausch &amp; Lomb microscope from Freecycle. WANT. but do NOT need.  I miss biology class.
I just had to leave #m20eu  I've learnt a lot!&amp;met lots of incredible&amp;inspiring tweeps!Thx! happy 2 follow u all! @xorduna is taking over
I just had to leave Maggie  But she seemed excited for her new toys and blanket!!
i just had to look like shit tonight.... 
I just hate it that George will no longer be in Seattle Grace 
i just hate it when you pour a bowl of cereal and then you open the fridge to find out youre out of milk...and i dont eat dry cereal 
i just hate this day 
I just hate when people promises something, and then doesn't hold it  So sad... 
I just have to wait untill my mom gets home so she can drive me thier to go get it  I don't think I can wait that long!!!!
I just heard Ben's name and I got all excited but alas he is not really here 
I just heard that all acapella on 88.9 wers is on Twitter but I can't find them to follow them. 
I just heard the loudest boom it sounded like someone got hit 
I just heard the news bout Jon &amp; Kate ......Suck their geting a divorce  I love that show!
I just heard the news that the Cavs lost  MAN that is unfortunate. Haha I had such high hopes.
i just hit a cat on hw 80 going 60 mph.  and i cried like a baby.
I just hit a deer less than 20min ago... irritated about the dent in my car and it made Raegan Cry 
I just hit a squirrel. So sorry little guy 
I just hit daddy's camero with a big plastic think 
I just hit my head on the ceiling on the staircase. That was stupid. And it hurt 
i just hit my nose 
i just hope he's not one of those lots that only cares about numbers of followers. that's lame. 
I just hope it doesn't rain on my bday or I'm going back to Brooklyn! I will be pissed if its raining there too 
I just hope Rich gets my message and doesn't go to Dorval to collect me  Rotten luck with Philadelphia.
I just hope that susan boyle will get better soon! the poor girl  so fragile she is
I just hope the puppet commercials don't stop 
I just hurt myself!!!! 
I just hurt nikki's foot! 
i just invented a new fancy soccer trick on accident.  now i can't do it again
I just joined and I don't really know what to do...... 
i just joined twitter for the third time because i keep sadly forgetting my info. sad 
I just kind of realized....... 
I just knew It was going to a Game 6  At least the Magic fans will get a chance to celebrate going to the finals at home
I just know that i'll be added by gamer/nintendo/wii spammo twitter accounts 2m, just because i've mentioned them 2nite.. 
I JUST LANDED! YEAHHYYYY NOW I GOTTA TAKE A CAB HOME  SMH
I just leant over an iron and burnt all up my arm... owwwwwwwwwchhhhhh 
I just learned how difficult it is to say &quot;Slice of Sausage Pizza&quot; with braces on... 
I just learned that Elvis Costello is playing a FREE SHOW at @amoebarecords in SF...on Monday...at noon. I work in Berkeley. Drat. 
I just learned that Keyboard Cat died ages ago 
i just learned the hard way that FireWire 800 isn't backwards compatible with FireWire 400 
I just left the hospital. my life sucks. Having seizures doesn't leave a good impression on recruitrs 
I just left the love of my life 
I just let my brother make a beat.... it was not cool 
I just lifted weights and now my arms feel floppy 
I just looked through ALL of my comments since day 1 on myspace. It brought back good and bad memories.  It kind of made me sad.  
I just looked up to see everyone had left the office without me noticing 
I just loooove spending my friday night at home 
i just lost 2 followers!c  cooome baaack!
I just lost a #geocache to the cops, and they haven't even given me a case number.    Piss me off!
I just lost a bet at work about the new guy being gay  DAMN MY JADED GAYDAR
I just lost a good friend becouse I called him my bitch 
I just lost a lot of money on roulette   oops
I just lost alot of respect for nevershoutnever 
I just lost an Aunt.  An awful ending to a long crappy week
I JUST LOST ANOTHER FOLLOWER , WHAT IS GOING ON , WHAT HAVE I DONE WRONG TO LOSE FOLLOWERS  I LOVE MY FOLLOWERS
I just lost game 4 
i just lost like 27 dollars buying pizza, &amp; i really hate that. i made that money &amp; now its gone 
I just lost majority ownership in american hotels in the game 
i just lost the friendship of someone very special to me... hopefully soon we will be able to reconcile but right now i'm feeling so sad! 
I just lost the gameee- again! 
I JUST LOVE @marshymiffy FOR GIVING THE SHOUTOUT! Noone ever does that  So love ya! 
i just love him so much 
I just love how i get to sit at the mall for hours...even when i'm not working!  what a lame ass
i just love scratching a big chunk out of my brand new tattoo... 
I just love this town but I wish I came for the right reasons today 
I just made a cup of green tea and it tastes and smells  like fish.  
I just made biscuits but I doubled the recipe and they came out weird  http://twitpic.com/884hw
I JUST MADE CHIKUN SOUP FROM A WHOLE CHIKUN!!!!!  and then i overcooked my noodles 
I just made it to the million dollar question and lost  ha I should prob go to sleep now.
I just made my new twitter and i hope i won't have any problems because for some reason the other one was suspended 
I just made pancakes that didn't burn. But I got so scared that they would burn so the first pancake was a little uncooked. 
I just made roadkill out of a little bird, couldn't avoid him 
I just made some amazing choc chip muffins and they smell so good!!! But I can't eat them!! 
I just made some blueberry walnut pancakes to help me feel better after that Phillies lost 
I just made the strongest coffee of all time. My goal is to get to sleep around five 
I just made two 1984 references with 5 minutes. I'm a dork 
I just managed to stab a piece of bhuja (hot, of course) into the roof of my mouth. Blood everywhere - well, at least in my mouth. 
i just may not be cut out for tarkovsky 
i just messed up my mothers day onion dip 
I just missed Hov, the homie Drake &amp; T-Pain in NYC  But I predict Nickelus F shutting down Summer Jam next year.. Just a revelation...
I just missed my 969.  another freaking 17mins.  - http://tweet.sg
I just missed out on Woot, my cameras were available when I first started filling out the form, but when I hit &quot;Submit&quot; they were gone! 
i just missed the best beach day 
I just need to cry all my stress,anger,and sadness out. 
i just need to listen to McFly.... 
I just need to pray a little harder... 
i just neeeeeeed to make out with someone 
I just never get a break. Am the emergency room because my little one broke an arm at the playground  #IHMFL
I just noticed how clear my face is becoming. Downside? Scars... 
i just noticed how i missed study anatomy  #hoppusday
I just noticed I lost the sunglasses I was wearing during Pride!  bye bye expensive Pumas!
i just noticed the screen on my Thinkpad T60 has been damaged somehow. I was going to give this laptop to my mother.  
I just now realized that tonight was Bunko.  I want to kick myself.  Sorry girls...I'm a bad friend today.    #fb
I just paid for school and books. I, officially, am broke. 
i just passed an accident before before Balboa it narrowed to two lanes 
I just passed the new camaro &amp; she's hot, but her rear end dose't really fit w/ the rest 
I just passed what used to be Side Pockets 
i just picked off all of my nail polish...now i have to re-do them  haha bad decision on my part
i just picked up a child who threw up and now i need to have my shirt washed. argh... 
I just picked up Sylar from the groomer's. He's ugly.  http://yfrog.com/eaqyaj
I just played Tombi for an hour and got bored after doing the most stressful bit of the game. Shame the next part is the most boring bit. 
I just poured vodka on myself! what a waste 
I just pulled off the May calendar and I'm now looking at June, apparently I only have 1 1/2 days off over the next two weeks again 
I just pulled out 4 eyelashes 
I just pulled the big heavy metal store gate right onto my shoulder  ouch charlie!
I just punched J in the stomach when he said fob sucks except he put his fist infront of his tummy so my right thumb, it's in pain now 
I just punched my mac in the face (screen) by accident, sorry mac 
i just put a new picture on here..i will prob change it tomorrow though.it looks weird when its small.. 
I just put a up a advertisement post saying that I still need a bassist.  Hopefully someday.
I just put my head on the pillow &amp; the construction workers started drilling again outside right next to my freakin bed! It is in stereo! 
I just put my uggs away until next winter  i'm gunna miss them.. but on the brightside SUMMERR!!  &lt;33
I just put simons skin peeling skillz to shame! Shoulder now red raw 
i just ran a mile. tummy aches from being overstretched from the food and then the intense workout. 
I just ran butt naked outside in broad daylight.....some1 come bail me out 
I just ran half a marathon and it took 2 hours 
I just ran into a BIG spider web walking through the hallway. I hope I don't have a spider on me. 
I just read a news tweet that f*cked up my day. 
I just read about child star tragedies. So sad 
i just read online that a symptom of sleeping too much is headaches throughout the day. i have had a headache all day. 
I just read something that I really wish I could unread 
I just read something that made me so sad about my lost youth 
I just read that 19.2 million watched Britain's Got Talent. 
I just read the most upsetting news  I don't even believe it.
i just read this comment on worldstarhiphop  &quot;NEWS JUST IN: CHOPPERS SUIT BEEFIN WITH SPECTACULARS PANTIES&quot; *hangs head* i laffed a lil
I just read Tinted Windows was in Memphis. That would have been a fun show to take my lil cousins.  
i just realise i dont have any nice picture of myself...need a good headshot 
i just realised that i've spent almost the entire morning on the phone. i miss you 
i just realised tt Momo has my password for my email! &amp; i put all plans &amp; confirmations in there! i hope he wont pry 
I just realize my bf has been tweetinh the whole time we've been hanging out... Bad Ant!!!! 
I just realized how lonely I am now 
i just realized how much my kuya loves me.. â™¥ ~ i miss him so much 
i just realized how much talent this world lost when health ledger died 
I just realized how rusty my skills on WPF are, but I'm getting there... got to have a running 3D Poser Editor done withing the next 12h 
I just realized how unfun queens is 
I just realized I been missing MAD direct replies to my tweets. Im sorry for anyone that I havent responded to in a week or so. 
I just realized I burnt some of my hair.  boo wind and trying to light a cigarette
I just realized I deleted a voicemail that I really really wanted to keep.  Sadness...
i just realized i had something weird on my skin and it hurted to get it off, but i'm ok now with a little bit of pain... 
i just realized i have a practice proficiency 2moro... 
i just realized i have really a lot of rubbish at home... and I mean REALLY ALOT.... 
I just realized i left my blanket at lyssas  nights all!
I just realized I left my book for class out... unattended. Within reach of Horatio, our poochie. I fear what I will come home to. 
I just realized I lent my Susan Cooper books out to someone several years ago and I have forgotten who it was. 
i just realized i missed greek on monday 
I just realized I spelled chic from chicflick as chick ahahahah! funny. ) @aiaaaa Super!! It's funny! but, super nakakaawa si Sam. 
i just realized i told @dominicscott i loved him earlier and he never replied omg 
I just realized i wasted my 300th tweet 
I just realized I won't be able to pick up my packet for the R&amp;R half marathon so I don't think I can run. 
i just realized i won't be seeing a lot of people from this past week ever again 
I just realized im sun burned.. It hurts.. 
I just realized in 18 days ill be leaving to Chile  I'm really going to miss my family
i just realized just how much i reallllyyyy miss Lindsey! dang 
I just realized my fishing trip this summer happens to be at the exact same effing date as the Vans Warped Tour. FML 
i just realized my last regular season softball game is tomorrow.  im sadd
I just realized my toothpaste= Colgate. And all this while I thought it was Pepsodent!! 
i just realized that I am not getting any taller. 
I just realized that I can't forward text msgs with my iPhone. 
I just realized that I didn't take any of my own photos last night. 
I just realized that I forgot to sign off of Twitter on my cousins computer. 
I just realized that I have dog hair alll over me!!! And its raining I pobably smell like a wet dog! 
I just realized that i have to watch this on nbc  oh the horror! #Pens
I just realized that I haven't even watched 4 seconds of the #Cannes festival for being too busy  I love the Cannes festival! fuck it.
I just realized that I left all my jewlery that I wear on my dresser! And it's too late to get it cause I'm already going to school 
I just realized that I missed breakfast. And lunch. It's 5.50pm. Explains why I'm hungry 
I just realized that I need to finish school... I only have like a year and a half left... 
I just realized that I probably won't ever see Erica again 
I just realized that im going home 2 weeks from today 
I just realized that I'm going to miss &quot;The Lawrence Welk Show&quot; because I'm not working sports tonight! 
i just realized that it's a summer friday night. and i'm not doing anything!  
I just realized that my heart is still in highschool. Nothing can compare to the happiness I felt while I was in STCDCFI earlier  :|
I just realized that the opening of true blood has a picture of some kid in a kkk outfit. 
I just realized that today is the last day the song &quot;Teenagers&quot; will apply to me. 
I just realized the house I built in sims 3 is shaped like a flaccid penis   http://twitpic.com/6si49
I just realized the reason why I am so sad today is because it's reeeeally gloomy outside 
I just realized this is technically my birthday weekend, given its on Tuesday. And I'm sitting around the house watching tv... 
I just realized today is the first of june....  happy bday nanny and dad!
i just realized today was my last day to see my best friend tanner im goin to miss him so much    
I just realized why i'm gay. Every great thing i've ever known or had has been taken away by a girl.  all packed to leave.
I just realized why Twitter is useless to me. Anyone I want to keep track of plays guitar or is dead. And also, no one follows me. 
I JUST realized why Vice City Stories only had 99 balloons to find in it, instead of 100 as the games usually do.  So obvious.
I just realized, my day isn't complete until Bo pulls a &quot;JUUUST KIDDDINGGG!&quot; on me.  Hahahah, he always gets me.
I just really miss my best friend 
I just really need some motts applesauce 
I just really wish I could get a straight answer...it would mean a lot to me. 
I just received that from Amazon so no longer can be one of their associates UGGGH WTG NC 
I just recorded &quot;You're So Cool, Ms. Carter&quot;. 
i just remember my best day of my life , i want to cry    29
I just remembered I have overtime today from 5p - 10p. 
I just remembered I have to get up kind of early, so hitting the hay. my eye hurts so bad  @nsyncs text me when you see this 
I just remembered something, I was watching Spongebob yesterday and I remembered someone I haven't talked to in a while. 
I just remembered that Maggie Gyllenhaal got married. 
I just remembered the white chocolate crispies snacks they make over there. Now I wanna go back to Guayaquil 
I just reminded myself that I'm mad at them for never playing Right Moves, Wrong Girl ever again. WHY!!? That's my favorite. &lt;/3 
I just rented Twilight for a dollar. I feel so dirty  Or 14 years old. Both maybe?
I just rescued a bumble bee!! It was gonna get trampled on..  but its happy in the grass now! Hehe
I just ripped my jeans!!! 
I just rounded a corner and made the Production Manager of How To Look Good Naked drop his couscous all over the floor 
i just ruined my appetite by eating cake first 
I just ruined my favorite v-neck in the wash 
i just said bye to my dadddyzzz im gonna miss him ttmttcttl sadsquare x20000 
I just said goodbye to the bestfriend! 
I just saw 22nd of June and it make me think of Jenny  I miss her so much  ...
I just saw a bar fight today. It was scary cause I was rught next to them. I thought I was going to get hit 
I just saw a caterpillar in the noodles I was eating.  *disgusted face*
I just saw a dead baby alligator 
I just saw a dead deer on the side of the freeway 
I just saw a dead squirrel along the road. Poor squirrel 
i just saw a dying/sick/hurt pigeon outside trying to fly but couldn't.  went to get a towel to try to help it  -ew , but  - now it's gone
I just saw a huge turtle about to cross the freeway. I'm afraid its gonna get hit.  I'm sad now.
I just saw a man's arm sprayin' blood like Old Faithful. Ewww 
I just saw a mother leaning over her baby with a lit cigarette inches from the baby  
I just saw a picture of Micah's curls. I miss them. 
i just saw a plane crash from final destination. i need a teddy bear!!! 
I just saw a poo that looks like Red  it was a chocolate btw.
I just saw a promo with Anna Paquin. Homegirl has no trace of her Australian accent whatsoever.  In fact, she has a Southern twang.
I just saw a report that said most high school graduates dont know where Mt. Rushmore is. TRULY SAD!!! 
I just saw Bruce Willis. I wanna see Kevin Smith and Tracy Morgan! Theyre not filming Die Hard With A Hard On. 
i just saw Katy Perry's music video for Thinking of you and it made me cry 
I just saw my bf. Too bad I had to leave 
I just saw my nephew at the library and it made me wanna cry 
I just saw my x  after 2 years it still hurts
I just saw pics from this past Thanksgiving and am sad because Grandma was in them.  
I just saw someone I haven't seen in years, and I missed them. 
I just saw Steven Ma get tackled and arrested by culver city cops during crank mob. 
I just saw that i have a message  from my jenious:X GOSh..answering her right now..I so miss her 
I just saw the COOLEST threadless tee, but responsibility tells me to wait until I have a job...   http://tinyurl.com/nlz734
I just saw the green Fantasmic light flash from afar 
I Just Saw the most beautiful Supercar Ever....AUDI R8...he only got one flaw,is not mine... 
I just saw THEE cutest pair of shoes....but its the last pair &amp; not my size! 
I just saw this menu for dressed and I want some rite now too bad their closed 
I just saw this trailer of new moon and I'm blown away http://bit.ly/5ixhc I miss edward already 
i just saw what legacy and ben j posted on myspace about ther video shoot so sad i cant go  .........sooo sad wish i could go
I just scratched my face too hard and it really hurt. I hate sunburns 
i just screwed my presentation 
I just screwed up my reverse transcription 
i just seen a guy that had on the hoodie  i want back.  work sucks, h0ll3r.
I just shaved, so I guess it's back to getting carded when I buy bullets or beer--just like everyone else my age. Sad 
I just shed a couple of tears watching jon and kate plus 8. I hope there's no divorce in the future..or i've lost all hope in mankind. 
I just showered. Still trying to figure out how to get out of going to my doctor's nappointment. Yeah.... Still wish I didn't have to go. 
I just signed up for twitter and trying to find friends on the twitter network i guess you call it!!! Back to work!!! 
I just signed up for twitter. 
I just slammed my elbow into a fridge, I did not find it humerous. 
i just slept for 5 hours after waking up at 5am to go fishing... not good 
I just slept in the sun, haha why wont my legs get a nice tint.. 
I just slipped and fell in front of a reallyyy goodlooking guy 
i just smacked my already bruised leg on the edge of my bed, FML. 
I just so happen to hate my day job... hearing people scream all day is wearing on me. 
I just spend like $30 to Sembawang Shopping Center to fetch Z from work. Omg I better expect a GIANT HUG ah annoying boy 
I just spent $30 cabbing to Sembawang Shopping Center to fetch Z from work. I expect a GIANT HUG from you ah annoying boy 
I just spent a lot of time trying to remember my password, only to forget who I was logging in to add to my feed! Shucks, darn, poo 
i just spent almost 20 minutes trying to ketch a moth in my house&amp;set it free outside,but i accidently killed it.  :X RIP mr mothyyy!!
i just spent an hour and a half trying to persuade a dvd player to work!! haha my neighbors and i r so weird! i wanted to c transformers 
I just spent an HOUR trying to get my stupid laptop to play a stupid DVD through the projector  And then it finally played in Spanish &gt;_&lt;
I just spent like half the movie crying! BB is so sad. 
I just spent my last five bucks on a sandwich I didn't eat  meh http://myloc.me/2VKj
I just spent the first night in our house and am misisng my Timateo like crazy 
I just spent the last three hours preparing to study now ill study for 100 hours 
I just spent two hours orginizing all my plugs, wires, and electronics. I decided to charge everything and I've shorted my power. 
I just spilled coffee ALL OVER. Not a good way to start my day. 
I just spilled purple nail polish on my 2 month old kitten. 
i just spilt a whole jar of sugar 
I just spilt some water on my jeans.  http://twitgoo.com/78sn
I just spit water out I laughed so hard! Frustrated though. Scratched DVDs 
I just spoke cacat Bahasa Melayu to a fellow Malaysian. I'm ashamed 
i just sprayed a huge spider with air freshener. it is still alive and limping with creepy bendy legs 
I just spread hand cream on my toothbrush by mistake. I'm such a looser. 
I just started my period and my tummy hurts  BLAH!
I just started sweating and shaking. Not sure what's going on. 
I just stole a song off of ATLs newrecord  I feelveryguilty but I dont wanna give it back! I alreadybought the album doesthatmake it okay?
I just stubbed my toe  OW!
I just stubbed my toe... It hurts almost as much as my permabroken feet. 
I just thought I was going to have light in my room tonight!!  I guessed wrong!  
I just thought if we ever get Mia a partner we will name him Godot 
I just threw up lots of things.... 
I just threw up. 
I just threw up. Nicole  i need you babe. Heart!
I just told a cop &quot;he has no sense of adventure&quot;.....  
I just told people I dont know any theorems for maths and apparently thats a big deal. 
I just took a nap &amp; had a dream I was a vampire. It was awful. 
I just took a ton of recycling to kroger and this man came up to help me and totally dumped my recycling container in the dumpster. 
I just took my nails off  argg now all my fingers hurt 
I just totally dropped my blackberry... 
I just touched an #Ann #Coulter book. My hands are burning. 
i just tried to bring 2 bikes up the stairs. did not work. the handlebars stabed me like, 20 times and it hurt! 
I just tried to dance to #hpthemusical. It hurt.  So now I'm stuck with dancing sitting down.
i just tried to eat but couldn't- i ended up over the toilet. wtf is wrong with me 
I just tried to follow @ignorethesun and it says &quot;You have been blocked from following this user by their request.&quot;  Haha, burn bitch!  
I just tried to render a 200mb photo to .png and I think my laptop has amputated my upper legs and burnt it's way through the chair 
I just tried to save a bumble bee on the brink of death with some orange juice, you can probably guess I FAILED 
i just tried to send a nice polite DM to someone only to find that they don't follow me 
I just tried to walk into @nicholasreed 
i just tried to walk pedro Tex fetz..didn't work out to well..@iamjonathancook i wish i had a coke with lime 
I just tripped and landed on my brother's protractor 
i just tripped over my basket and crashed into the door and now i have  a scrap next to my armpit. i was crying for about 7 minutes. 
I just turned down an invite to XLDB  Too many other trips. Especially w/ a long flight to get there.
I just tweezed a large pebble out of my goldfish's mouth/throat. I know he's a little vacuum but I don't know how he got that in there... 
I just twisted my ankle &amp; then i found out my grandma is in the hospital.... what's with this bad luck? very alone right now... 
I just typed 103 peoples' contact info into my Address Book. My fingers hurt.  
I just uploaded pictures of my bedroom redo on Rate My Space and YIKES... people are very mean!!!  
i just voted for janice and sanjaya 
I just waited and hour at the town hall, Dreading tomorrow muchly 
I just walked by Allison. Too chicken to say anything though 
i just walked into the wall and wound up breaking my bracelet 
I just walked out of a shoestore without buying anything. And there were really fantastc shoes there 
I just wanna be happy 
i just wanna be in texas already 
I just wanna be left alone 
i just wanna be with you 
i just wanna cry, I hate this. 
i just wanna cry. 
I just wanna fall asleep, why do you call randomly and mess up my brain process for a night?!! I just want my serenity back 
I just wanna get home 
I just wanna give dave a cough drop and let him rest   this is an amazing fucking show though! Wow
I just wanna go back to bed. I kinda feel like if I close my eyes again, work will not happen 
I just wanna go get Bruce Willis. 
i just wanna go home 
I just wanna go home   http://myloc.me/3Y4w
I just wanna go home and get n my BED!!! My sheets r calling meeeee   I'm sooooo sleepy I'm thinking about really turning it in
I just wanna go home. I miss you, you know 
i just wanna go homeeeeeeee  wtffff
I just wanna go hommme 
i just wanna go to the concert. 
i just wanna kno my grades...  i check every 5 mins.. like there gonna b there and i kno there not...lol
I just wanna know what its like to carry a note. Whenever the family sings together I just twiddle my thumbs and watch from the sidelines 
i just wanna know why murakami ryu has loads of books translated into franï¿½ais mais not in english  @staceybeeeee aww thanks &lt;3
I just wanna listen to Miley and do no work  I'm going to have to have MIley breaks.
i just wanna nap 
i just wanna play guitar hero world tour!!! agghh   
i just wanna see miley in concert.  
I just wanna sleep in for ONE DAY...so sick of this 6 am crap 
i just wanna sleep in like tommy--- ugh, too bad! 
i just wanna take it all back nd go back to 2006....is that possible...can we make it possible...i miss my freshman yr self 
I just wanna talk it out with her 
I just wanna talk to somebody   things are easy!!!
I just wanna wake up to a dozen red roses 
I just wanna work on the house  stupid calculus. Working on the house is more fun. I wish @spooons would bring me McDonald's LOL. jk,
I just wanna you here by my side 
I just want a big hug. A kiss or a few, and a &quot;don't worry everything will be fine&quot; too 
i just want a pictureeeeeee any pictureeeeeeee 
I just want a puppy.. 
I just want a sign that will let me know its going to be alright. 
I just want bacon and biscuits 
I just want cuddle time and chicken noodle soup 
I just want everything to be back to normal 
I just want my Dad to get better already 
i just want my internet to work properly. 
I just want my pants 
I just want some alone time. 
i just want summer classes to be over 
I just want the bitterness to end.  I love living in Philly, but yet, I hate it too.  
I just want this whole day to hurry up, 
I just want this whole feeling to go away! You all will never know what I have seen  Night! :/
i just want to be able to breathe easy 
i just want to be better 
i just want to be better already, goshhhhhhhhhh. 
I just want to be driving my new car today 
I just want to be FREE in this world, I hope u understand! But..It's SO more important That new journey! So......WHATEVER!!! AGH 
I just want to be home. Radah 
I just want to be seen as the person I am, not for the mistakes made 
I just want to climb back into bed so bad  my bed looks so comfy.  I guess off to work...
I just want to crawl under my desk and cry.  
i just want to cry 
I just want to cuddle. 
I just want to curl up in bed and cuddle with someone 
i just want to danceee but i feel so oddly sick! 
I JUST WANT TO EAT MY CEREAL 
i just want to fall asleep 
I just want to feel better 
I just want to feel better &amp; go back home 
i just want to get on a plane!!! like NOW!! i miss flying  there's no one to travel with me T__T
I just want to go back into my nice warm bed and go back to sleep, but no, I'm in the cold house getting ready to go to work 
I just want to go back to bed  screw work
I just want to go home 
I just want to go home  I hate time dilation!
I just want to go home already. 
I just want to go home. 
i just want to go home. I have a bad case of the Mondays  
I just want to go homee!! Long daay! 
I Just want to go to back to sleeeeeeeep 
I just want to go to sleep 
i just want to have fun.  
i just want to know when i'm going to move to london. brazil is so boring and air france scares me 
i just want to learn how to play the guitar  
I just want to move out of a hotel 
I just want to sleeeep.  Biscuit is being awful.
i just want to sleep 
I just want to sleep but I have homework to do for tomorrow 
I just want to sleep one more minute 
i just want to sleep. thats all i fucking want to do. 
I just want to sleep... but I need to get some work out of the way 
I just want to spork. 
I just want to stay in my warm waterbed all day and sleep 
I just want to stop thinking about food 
i just want to talk to spencer pratt. 
i just want you 
i just want you to answer me someday, please 
i just wanted PVs to our site  now, how will we take everything down???? argh!
I just wanted to sing in the car!  â™¥
I just was inside!! For like two seconds! Sad day! 
I just washed 100 dishes, and I smell like wet eggs 
I just wasted 30 minutes of life playing Battlestations Pacific online. I came in last place 
I just wasted an hour of everyone's time because I'm too good to make dumb mistakes. Ooops   Note: Check the URL, tst01!=dev01
I just watched 7 Pounds  is really sad. I woulve cried if I watched it alone  haha
I just watched a documentary about nazi's in sweden... now I am scared to go 
I just watched a video of @mileycyrus singing with Nick at the concert tonight. Her eyes were like, omgiloveyou. I'm jealous. 
I just watched all of Degrassi: Season 3.. Gotta love being sick! 
I just watched Cyrano de Bergerac and almost cried.  Such a sad but beautiful movie.
I just watched Doubt for the first time &amp; I was very disappointed 
I just watched little league asia pacific baseball 2009 @ senayan. Whoaaa, but too bad for Indo 
I just watched some stuff on youtube.now i rele cant wait 4 revolve.im sad natalie grant wont be there though  ugh [blossomPPG]
i just watched the orlando slideshow dvd .. some of the pictures are hilarious. i miss it 
I just watched The Reaping... I thought it's a good movie coz of the title lol... but turns out I was wrong... I didn't even finish it 
i just watched the saddest video on youtube and im crying right now 
i just watched the trailer for new moon  feels so different from the story book, but still, awesome (L) rob patt!!
i just watched Up! and it was great, amazing animation, great art, and also Terminator Salvation, was expecting more from this one 
I just went 2 the bathroom and had nothing 2 put up my nose 
I just went out and picked up Sims 3 for the wife.  Now we need to get her a computer she can run it on. 
i just went to check out my new sweet twitter background and much to my chagrin noticed it's not showing up 
I just went to the po mans store today, spent 45.00 
I just went up two sizes for plugs, i was a 10g and now im a 6g  and of course mom does not approve 
I just wimped out on Wendover because i am too exhausted. I am a wimp! It would've been a fun trip though. Oh well. 
i just wish finals were over.   and summer was here. everything would be perfect.   why are boys jerks?!  will someone pleease explain ...
I just wish i can settle down , and not get distracted easily 
i just wish i could sleep but i cant i just dont know what to do!! im tired but i cant close my eyes and just sleep. 
I just wish I knew if I did something wrong 
I just wish that I could find my french X-Men book... 
I just wish things were different..thats all.. 
I just wish we were all reading Amelia now in class,and Charlotte will start laughing.Then before lunch, we'll all go under the tree 
i just wished he'd've. oh 
I just witnessed a drug deal in the mall bathroom.   
i just woke from a bad dream 
I just woke up 
i just woke up  bye bye day
I just woke up &amp; had some of my homeade shrimp fried rice from earlier this week &amp; a half an advacado...NOW I MUST GO RUN!!!!!!!    
I just woke up :-D and now I have to get up and clean up my room 
i just woke up ahhh! I missed school 
I just woke up and realized it was @shampoocell's hoodie behind me and not him... I then made this face: 
I just woke up and today is already hard. I can't remember Mom and Aunt B isn't around. Father's Day will be weird too. 
I just woke up from a 2 hour nap and I'm starving. 
I just woke up from a dream that I was surfing the internet.  
I just woke up from a nap maybe I shouldn't have taken it tho cuz now I def don't wanna go to class 
i just woke up from my nap... i don't feel any better... 
I just woke up from the craziest dream.. The weather is shit 2day, so I doubt Ill be doing anything. I wish I was at Bamboozle 2 see Demi 
I just woke up from the scariest dream  wow
i just woke up gotta go get ready for work 
i just woke up i wanna hit myself on the head. NO MORE LATE NIGHTS ARGH 
i just woke up with a pretty bad stomach ache 
I just woke up, and i over slept!!! My head hurts!  
I just woke up. I feel sick.  Bummer.
i just woke up. i only had 1 hour of sleep so it was just a nap 
I just woke up. yay! Now I'm going to be up all night 
i just woke up... idk why i should be sleeping right now [but i cant, it's too early to be up] 
I just woke up..yesterday I took a medicine before sleep but still a tickle in my throat.. Its really killing me 
I just won a giveaway but got bullshitted out of the prize 
i just won something! i never win anything! still doesnt make up for Glastonbury though 
I just worked out #Reaper as it stands has been cancelled 
I just worked two hours i didn't have to without knowing it 
I just wrote and entire story, and it didn't save.   Motherfucker.  
I just yawned, and my gum fell out of my mouth. I should still be sleeping    #fb
I kant see dis workin for much longing 
i keep  confusing myself because my cell phone says LA time, but i'm keeping my laptop on baltimore time 
I keep accidently reading MTV Movie Rewards results. STOP IT! It's not on here until tonight kay?! 
i keep biting the crap out of my lip. i dont mean to.. its hurts 
i keep checking the site...boo 
I keep falling asleep n waking up  idk wats wrong wit me. @ElectricBrandon
I keep falling asleep though 
I keep finding more mosquito bites - how is this happening?? Do they live in my rooms? Are they biting me in my sleep? What? 
I keep forgetting I have a fabulous pug mug full of coffee sitting beside me.  Tetris keeps distracting me from it.
i keep forgetting my yearbook at home. it makes me sad.  cause i need people to sign it! kben :]
I keep forgetting things now.. Does it mean I am getting old? Forgot my Macbooks charger at home, for second consecutive day 
I keep getting an error from updating TweetDeck. 
i keep getting chain mail. and those chain mails threaten death if I dont keep going!!!  eww
I keep getting email petitions... is there any recorded example of one those really making a difference? 
I keep getting errors when I try to update my tweetdeck!  Anyone know why?
I keep getting excited that people are following me on twitter and they turn out to be spam bots. 
i keep getting followed by them 
I keep getting messages from myspace and I can't read them on my phone 
i keep getting the worst headaches ever!! i have come to the conclusion that they're stress headaches!! worst pain ever  !!
i keep getting twitter updates on my phone and thinking they're actual text messages.  no fun 
I keep going in to FreeRealms literally moments before they take the servers down. 
i keep going to back kristen bell pictures. BUT I DON'T HAVE PRETTY LONG BLONDE HAIR. 
I keep having dreams about @gregjames so I feel like I know him. But I don't.  Lame.
I keep having horrible dreams  I'm going to the fucking library. THE LIBRARY.
I keep having reoccuring dreams about what the Fall semester will be like. This one was the worst. 
I keep having to remind myself that im not gonna have the body i want by eating junk food 
I keep hearing that the economy will take a turn third quarter--21 people were laid off @ national office of NMSS, Tuesday. HURRY! 
I keep hearing weird noises in my house. 
I keep hitting c instead of spacebar. Argh tweeting takes twice as long on the iPod 
I keep listening to sad songs haha  what's up with me ?! Xx
I keep losing 3G since upgrading to 3.0 and I'm finding Twitterfon to be slower - grrr 
I keep losing followers 
I keep losing things!  First my mind, now my Scene card...what's next? [insert virginity joke here] ...and I just stapled my hand! owwww 
I keep making up random bits of songs, but I don't have any ideas for a full song  Annoying, because I can't stop picking the guitar up xD
I keep missing out on good deals  PS3 Â£200 in WH Smith &amp; 29p albums on Amazon  #ps3 #amazon.co.uk
I keep missing the first part of the #1 ladies detective agency 
I keep my beef eating (pause) to a minimum. But there are only beef franks here  I want jerk chicken and mac, forget the bullshit food.
I keep on getting drawn in by amazing prices only to find the camera is body only... 
i keep peeing every ten minutes. i'm embarrassed. 
I keep putting Aloe Gel on my shoulders - I pretty much stayed out of the sun this weekend but still managed to burn my shoulders a bit 
i keep refreshing the ct.com radar hoping the green blobs disappear... 
I keep remembering that i dropped the mtv movie award 
i keep ripping my jeans...knees, waist, butt....i need new ones 
I keep screwing up 
I keep seeing dreams of Nelli (my cat who died in january) She comes from the woods and I'm like &quot;You're alive!&quot;  I hate waking up then.
i keep seeing him come back 2 me. but everytime i think its him running back i am wrong. its nvr him and it will nvr b him again 
I keep sending updates via my phone, but they never show  What should I do? I have the freakin right #!! This stinksssssss
i keep telling myself that there r only 4 days of school left....but then i remember two of those days are finals! 
I keep telling twitter to 'remember me' but it DOESN'T; I feel so sad 
I keep thinking I am going to get to bed early but by the time I read the etsy forum a bit and check in here time is gone 
I keep thinking I need to call my Mom, but then I realize she's gone. Part of my brain hasn't accepted it yet, I guess. 
I keep thinking its friday 
I keep thinking it's Friday 
I Keep thinking its Saturday... 
I keep thinking of him. 
I keep thinking of someone who has sort of stopped talking to me though. They used to get in touch all the time, but now they've stopped 
I keep thinking today is Friday 
I keep touching the sensor on the N97 to bring the media menu bar up like the 5800XM 
I keep trying to follow back new people from this weekend, and Twitter won't let me  HI all! I'll try again later!
I keep trying to get the neighbors and Bree to use Tweetie because it's just so much more functional. They refuse to pay any amount. 
I keep trying to leave yvonne a voice messege but i keep messing it up 
I keep trying to strangle the stuff on my computer screen but.. sadly, it seems to be impossible 
I keep trying to upload a picture on here but they keep saying my pictures too big, when its not 
I kept hitting the snooze so freakin tired  and i got that feeling in my tummy everYday now 
i kept losing in blackjack 
I kicked her out of my band on guitar hero world tour. Now she's mad at me  I need a new drummer. Lol
i kill my knee it hurtme soo much 
i killed my beautiful hydrangea over the weekend,note to self if u like going away for the weekends,dont get yourself a hydrangea.how sad 
I killed my comp  no more recording until I get a new one... just can't afford it at the moment.  Any ideas?
I killed the biggest spider in the world hanging above my bed wtf budd 
i killed the fail whale, and i feel evil.    i think i need to go to confession...wait i'm not catholic
i kind of really wanted to like the new green day album. OH 
I kind of wish I had my 360 right now. I think I'm too tired to play anything at this time though. 
I kinda feel like crying. I haven't done that in a really long time. Idk what it is 
I kinda hate that someone didn't show up for her shift, so they told me to work in her section  but glad-cause i made 251! still sick tho!
i kinda just wanna get out of the house, damian's not even here. 
I kinda miss my hair that I decided to cut off. 
I kinda miss my long hair ;/ ok, I should stop whineing.. But it's the barbers fault 
I kinda miss some of my old friends. &quot;/ like... hella bad. 
I kinda miss the Xena series.  Lucy Lawless was fab!
I kinda regret shaving off my Goatee 
I kinda think that I like this sort of thing. 
I kinda wanna go to blvd but my feet hurt so bad lol I didn't get a break today  these people had me working like a slave
i kinda want to put my bio up here but it wont let me  goin on facebook now
I kinda want to vomit everywhere. ty flu 
I kinda wanted to try that sushi today lol 
I kinda wish I had Jenny Lewis tickets for tonight. 
I kindof have a headache from reading magazines in the car 
I kinds don't like my hair anymore 
I knew  Jon &amp; Kate wouldn't last. Sad day. 
I knew better than to put makeup on before this part. Now it's running down my face. 
i knew i forgot something, forgot to watch Jon &amp; Kate + 8 last night  oh well...at least there's man vs. wild tonight 
I knew i had sun stroke! just got sent home sick 
I knew i should have gone a size 7 these new jeans are starting to stretch already  Boots are still cool though.
I knew I should have run away to the Steckler Fest 
I knew I shouldn't have confessed to using phone to look up answers in pub quiz. A shame is now upon me 
I knew I wasn't going to win so I didn't bother trying 
i knew i wouldnt get to go 
i knew it was a BLACK WIDOW in my room few weeks back .  http://bit.ly/nPnu3
I knew it was going to happen sooner or later. I'm sick 
I knew it! I only got the sims 3 today and already spent far too much time on it. 
I knew it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm very dissapointed... 
i knew it.  
I knew murly dharan was going to do this   #PakCricket
I knew Nick Jonas had dIABETES But I didnt know Raven Symone had it too! That sucks though 
I knew the Cavs were gonna lose going into the 2nd quarter... Poor Lebron..  103-90? that's just soooo... &gt;.&lt;
I knew the sun wouldn't last! 
I knew why I  gave it a break... Stormrise is not the easy one.  Always dying in the fields... #GamePorts
i kno . my phone is cut offf @briibaybee  lol
I kno I'm probably annoying all my tweets but geeshh guys seriously I DONT FEEL GOOD  its a sick feeling I've never had
I kno what u mean  mandatory eww
I knocked my 83 yr old mother flat on her behind on the sidewalk.  I keep telling people - Do not stand behind me!!!
i knooo !  raining tomorrow 
i know  &amp; i did today !
I know  i want out of this hell hole
i know @hegothisown better put me one of those new plaid shirts that abercrombie got aside please  lol
I know @HolleyMonelle &amp; @KeezyP want me to be happy &amp; just keep swimming, but I never learned how to swim &amp; I can't build an arc alone. 
I know @ryanregurgitate you replced me 
I know and i can't even come out 
i know and i don't want to walk by myself and i don't have any money either  @estherohhh
I KNOW apa yang kurang kmrn (15june) I DIDN'T BLOW SEVENTEEN CANDLES! I only blew one  
i know but don't say i'm too busy 
I know but when its a hot baseball boy its okay and I'm bored too we have no lifes 
I know Da Vinci Code is going to suck.
I know exactly where I'd be today if it wasn't for @DonnieWahlberg and the guys..sorry if I sound down today, but its bc I am 
I know for a fact that I had some smash lying around here before work .. but where the fuck is it now? 
I know he knows i am there, but he doesn't wait for me 
i know how i could install it but it'd be a lot of work.. 
I know how to jerk! I'm gonna jerk the night away. It's fun. My brother can't do it. He almost fell on his face. But he didn't, dang it 
i know I dont talk to enough people when the top callers on my phone from my phone analyzr are Brigitte and MattHyde. Ha 
i know i have not been asleep for nearly enough time when i wake up and the number of new tweets in my twitterfox is 32. 
I know I saw (most of) them last week, but I miss The Table terribly.  
I know i should be studying for finals but i just cant  4 days left of school!
I know I should have just walked away but I was so offended &amp; angry!!  I just had to leave the store...ugh.
I know I should pack...but too lazy to 
I know I shouldn't be saying this but fuck it..I'm horny as hell 
I know I shouldn't feel upset about losing a follower. Who was probably a porn star or trying to sell me something. And yet, I do. 
I know I should've said hi back but I was kinda pissed with u. I'm sorry k. 
I know if I go back to sleep I won't wake up until an hour before I go to work or something but I'm tirrrred 
i know ill get over you, i just dont know if i want to 
I know I'll have bags underneath my eyes at the wedding... But still I can't sleep 
I know im gonna end up regretting going to school feeling this terrible. 
I know Im Not Perfect @ ALL, Missing Alot Of My Important PPL In My Life...  I Just Want A Nice Cold Drink &amp; Watch Weeds....
i know i'm probably the only person who notices but the jamba juice website isn't working 
I know I'm stressed to the max if I am craving a Flake bar and a cigarette. Both of which I can't have 
i know im supposed to do work now, but i just can't bring myself to it. WHY? 
I know i'm typing to no one  
I know is crazy but I want my Iphone JEJEJE and they had a trouble with the shipping and now I don't know if is is coming on time 
I know it was a test too... 
I know it wasn't going to be there, but I check EZTV for The Office torrent... 
I know it's amazingly lame, but goddamn I would love some of those Kanye glasses. Came very close in Japan, but they weren't white 
I know it's Friday but why does it need to drag so much 
I know it's just a matter of time before I get hater comments on my videos...  Oh well, I guess that's just a part of the game!
I KNOW ITS LIKE 3 SOMETHING IN THE MORNING BUT I CANT GO 2 SLEEP 
I know it's not any such good news or any news for that matter however, I really miss Anderson Cooper. Who is he dating now? 
I know it's not Friday but my friend @diarosa is new on twitter and has only 2 followers  let's show her how much fun it can be
i know it's not my fault.  but i feel TERRIBLE.  like i'm some backwater hick from the hills, barefoot and toothless.    *sobs*
I know its serious when I want to go to the doctor. 
I know it's stating the feckin obvious, but I HATE HANGOVERS 
i know Katie, :/ but, the beach is way better. and Pa makes me sick. 
I know Nothing about my next Exam 
I know PHP is supposed to be THE easy way for deploying web apps, but after installing it my server feels tainted 
i know quoting future episodes isn't really spoiling anything, but every time i read them, i feel spoiled 
I know somethings wrong when I don't sleep well 
I know stuff that I wish I didn't know. People really do disappoint you a lot sometimes. 
I know that I'll never meet anyone quite like her, and I can't move on beacause no one compares. It just leads to me been angry at myself 
I know that just sounded really stupid.  having 2 jobs sucks. I don't like feeling like this. I feel bitter and angry. What am I? 70??
I know that life is for the taking, so I better wise up &amp; take it quick 
I know That would be the 1 thing I couldn't do without! @yurple67 @4ut I just didn't see a computer! 
I know that you know I know you know you have my sunglasses so GIVE THEM BACK. I really need them, and they're gone 
I know this all wrong but I couldn't help myself to not think about him  he's def my type of guy
I know this is kind of weird, but like I think my right arm muscle is bigger than my left 
I know this isn't worthy of anyone's attention but I have to lament: I AM OUT OF HUMMUS AND HAVE A 1/2 BAG OF CARROTS LEFT 
I know three people with the Swine Flu (Scary) 
I know we need the rain...but everytime I get time to do something it starts storming  bummer
i know what id like to be doing this weekend, and what i will be doing 
I know why, but those things really make me fell sad 
i know you leave me and never coming back 
i know you liked me that's what hurts  so many chances... i don't wanna let go, you wouldn't look at me like that for nothing &lt;/3
I know you missed my tweets through the game, but my phone died  trust me it was a super exciting and bring on the parade!!!
i know you're both happy but i couldn't let you go at all 
I know you're in a better place, but it's still hard to know you're gone  i love u
I know, I know, mission impossible 2 sucked royally.
I know.  i'm really sad. I miss him so much. I hope he comes down again soon 
I know. How sad is that?  RT @caseymercier: 1st day of hurricane season. That's less scarey than govt taking over GM.
I know. I should be sleeping but I can. 
I know. I thought you were gonna call my phone  as soon as you get a phone # let me know so i can call you
i know. it's this dang leaking roof. i have to watch it every time it rains or my entire scrap room will be ruined. 
i kNoww.. @avliyaASYA sombong siiH  hehehehe. Ok let me know ya... BBM me!!
I l00k and feel gr0ss... I can tell im g0nna hav a bad day.  But my makeup is rly g00d. My eyes l00k HUGE. l3 l^ ! T l\l 3 Y   F @ l\l
i last exam today  i left school now.. its so sad 
I laughed a lot but it was a bust. Too much vulgar nonsense for me. 
I laughed at that guy 
i learn chemisty 
I learn German... ;/ I hate... 
I learned last night that lifting weights + running + head cold = TEH SUCK! Felt like I was breathing water.  
I learned something new... cellphones and washing machines don't mix 
I learned that it you want to divide a server disk into two partitions, you should do it during setup. Trying to do it latter could cause 
I leave 
i leave at 7am  ima miss every1 floridav here i come &lt;3
i leave for camp today. I won't be able to update for a week  #fallforyou
I leave for iona in 4 days 7 hours and 5 minutes ! haha I'm lame I do things countdown style. But i don't have the big clock. 
I leave here in 12 hours. 
I leave on monday 
i leave on saturday  imma miss mi computer
i leave to go back to reno tomorrow morning  im sad i do not want to leave....
I leave tomorrow to go camping  I don't wanna!!! ='[
I left a chocolate egg sitting in my office, and now it's calling my name...................... 
I left a little early so now i get to wait longer... 
i left my book at home 
I left my car windows open last night and it rained; My suit is all wet from the ride to work. 
I left my cell phone home today, I feel so incomplete 
I left my eyeliner at aunt donnas  No makeup for like ever. Welp on my way to skl debating w myself...
i left my fossil sun glasses somewhere in the king of prussia mall 
I left my heart in the valley. 
I left my jacket at a photoshoot in catford. I'm not happy man. 
I left my Lakers cufflinks at home  along with my gold cumberbund and purple bowtie. Memory fail. My penguin suit is boring.
I left my laptop charger at icebar so i'm pretty much ready to commit suicide right now.... No computer for a few hours  
i left my lovely iPod at home so cannot listen to music at work  booo
I left my lunch on the counter at home  Everything will go bad. It's going to be one of those days.
i left my pillow in ashfield  sad
i left my poster at the war room 
I left my room and my learning event is done!!so now I have to say bye to Oslo  
i left my scarf @ zeal. that was my good one too 
I left my wallet and it left me hunger.. 
I left my wallet on the bus today  well not impressed.
I left my water bottle in Sarah's car 
i left out my homegirl earlier today.  so check out @nineonefour #followfriday (sorry sandi!)
I left the &quot;Taking Music Online&quot; session once as I realized it was just an excuse for the corporate sponsors of #musicedweek to promote 
I left the house and it was nice and sunny. I turn the corner and the sky is black with rain clouds 
I left the pod at home today  let's see if I can survive 9 hours, or if I go home at lunch.
i left too early!! 
i legit cant feel my legs- 3.5 mile run was a killer. home now 
I let my baby girl go 2 Disney World w/ some family@ the last minute! Now I change my mind! 
I let my daughter finally win a game of ERS - card game. Going window shopping for her room &quot;make over&quot;. She's not a child anymore. 
I let my mind wonder way too much. 
I let things get to me waaaay too easily...I have headache 
i let too many people run over top me 
I lied its raining again   what does the sun look like again??
i lied to someone today  i'm so sorry! my conscience is killing me right now!
I lied. I still am not recieving them. 
i like 3.0 but i dont love it  w/no compass or video recording/editing   damn you 3G[s]  BUMMER!!! and im having mms issues too
i like all the rain we are getting and the drought is over but this is impacting my stargazing...... 
I like Atlanta but I miss NYC and everything I love 
i like beautiful york summer days!  I do not like MA conferences!  
I like being able to follow folks!    I don't like having ANOTHER username and password to remember.  
I like being on the board of my various non-profits, but it's starting to seriously mess with fun sporting events  Go Giants tomorrow :0)
I like Bing.com's gorgeous photo background (changes daily?) but I don't like its current ranking when Bing-ing our restaurant's name 
I like breakfast. I wonder if my financial aid will cover last semester's book bill so I don't have to pay it. I don't think it will. 
I like cake and ice cream. Man im fat.   
i like downloaded 15 songs today. wowoo. ewwww tomorrow's play day  I'm not a baby anymore i'm a teen. inside thing lol.
i like how everyone in my family doesn't remember my name the first time they try to address me 
I like how its rainin. Lets open the window and hear that S***. I do have a cold tho  Thats what i get for a staying out wth the homiez &lt;3
I like how my dad told me after it was to late I could have gone to the lake today 
I like how my twitter feed is 99% conan and 1% UP review which I am ignoring because I have yet to see that shit 
I like how u ignore my text message and hop on twitter.. u know who u is  whore!!(tear drop)
i like how, no matter how much fun i'm having, i need a hug, a bowl of ramen, and a comfy blanket as soon as i get home. 
I like it when you act like a fucking retard &amp; don't txt me. 
I like Jason Statham but I seriously DO NOT recommend his movie CRANK 2 
i like kendra's new show... but i miss holly and bridget! 
I like my doctor but today he is in my bad books coz he asked for more blood tests to be done and he double my BP meds 
I like playing a game, but its starting again, and again, and again... so boring  
I like squirrels, they're cute.... I just ran over one on the highway... he moved just when I got to him. 
I like The Climb, but i really wanted Decode to win! 
i like the core animation in tweetie, its faster then bluebird...in other news, mondays always surprise me with the amount of work due 
I like the Hero - but I still miss a keyboard  #hero #android
