I'm really really really hungry  and I don't know what to eat!!!!!
I'm really really upset. There's nothing that could make me better. Well, one thing. But that would take a miracle. 
I'm really really wishing I could go to Cedar Point. I thought it was out of my system. But things like CP never really go away. *sigh* 
I'm really sad  I ran out of my face lotion from @thebodyshopusa 
I'm really sad about the dying girl/UP story. I'm going to be morose all day. 
I'm really sad about the Georgia Theater 
i'm really sad about the news about Jon &amp; Kate. I was hoping that it was all a misunderstanding. 
i'm really sad becuz i am having trouble with some stuff, and now i'm crying  sigh i cry a lot though...
I'm really sad cause my cat is really sick and is about to be diagnosed with diabetes... 
I'm really sad 'cause my parents are in a fight. 
I'm really sad I have to miss Spinnerette at the Bovine tonight 
I'm really sad I'm going to be putting down one of my dogs in the near future 
i'm really sad now 
Im really sad now an i still got a sore throat 
I'm really sad that i chose to throw my Eeyore Away it makes me sad I've had that guy forever 
I'm really sad that i'm not really part of cheerleading anymore  they dont even like me. how sad. :/
I'm really sad with all this 
I'm really sad!!! A fabulous artist wants to retire! @trent_reznor!   http://tinyurl.com/lk7xt5 The www will lose a free spirit 
im really sick 
i'm really sick 
im really sick  miss all my lovely friennds ! holidays soon, and i just set up the house internet.
I'm really sick in my tummy 
im really sick of my itunes playlist. i need new music. But limewire will give my laptop viruses  the world is so unfair
I'm really sick today. 
I'm really sick yall I've been taking medicine like all day 4 2days now 
I'm REALLY sick. 
i'm really sick.  oh no...
I'm really sleep 
I'm really starting to dislike Imeem now  â™« http://blip.fm/~7gqim
im really starting to feel bad for him.... 
I'm really starting to hate my job 
I'm really starting to hate traveling east - I need more sleep 
I'm really starting to worry about @uncanny390   This is the longest i have gone without talking to him in forevers and i don't like it.
I'm really stressed out, I hate money going missing 
I'm really tired   æœ¬å½“ã?«ç–²ã‚Œã?¦ã‚‹ã?ªãƒ¼â€¦
I'm really tired and have to put entire contents of kitchen back into kitchen from balcony (fumigation)when I get home. And go to the gym 
im really tired i woke up at like 4 in the morning coz i heard my nan and grandad talking 
i'm really tired today!! 
I'm really tired today, my stoma is over active &amp; I've been up all night going to the bathroom. I'm not a happy bunny 
i'm really tired. 
I'm really tired.  I want to go home. Only an hour and a half left thankfully.
I'm really tired. Almost falling asleep in Maths... 
I'm really tired...and my eyes hurt 
I'm really tired...I feel physically tired because my body aches all over...getting old! 
I'm really tired...the &quot;not sick&quot; cat puked all over my blanket while I was at work, so I'm waiting for laundry to finish so I can sleep. 
im really uncomfortable  i dont like this bed, mines better and prettier. and more comforatble-er.  millie is snoring right next to my ear
I'm really understanding how fragile trust can b in a relationship. Even if ur being honest about a situation, it doesn't matter 
I'm really upset that @colinmaggs and @raymondalex will not be at crawfish this year. seriously, what the fuck? 
I'm really wanting my kitty to come back home now....its lonesome without him meeting me at the door. 
im really worried about @mileycyrus whys she upset? 
Im really worried now  Blahhhh
I'm really worried that I might not be able to finish my course this year 
im reallyyyy gonna miss you 
i'm realy bored 
I'm reeeeaaalllyyy sore. 
Im reeeeaalllyy starting to miss seeing Helen Clark's face on the six o'clock news!!! 
I'm regretting that I didn't take the cookie.  
im rele bored...nobody is on myspace 
I'm retarded I keep sending the tweet by mistake LOL. Anyway, I can't sleep. I am thinking too much and I cannot relax.  I miss my friends
i'm ridiculously tired and sleep is not helping 
I'm right with kelly.... Rip mike ford... 
I'm RM53.90 poorer!  Accidentally gave discount for magazines! Sob sob!
im roommateless until Monday 
i'm ruined 
I'm running around in circles and jumping up and down. Well, maybe not really but I seriously want to, but then I won't be acting my age. 
Im running on 2 hours of sleep FML. Out to play Basketball with the father and then chill with Javi at Sawgrass, I swear imma get 0 sleep 
I'm running out of bucks  that's the bad thing of having to go to a lan house to do what I like to do, af
I'm running out of Lucozade.  someone buy me some?
I'm running out of money 
I'm running out of time - yikes!!! 
I'm sad  I keep seeing all the Blogher tweets and I hate not being able to go meet my bloggy friends.
I'm sad ...  Might have to take my doggy to the vet tonight!!! She is not doing to good :::sigh:::
im sad @mileycyrus didn't win.. she deserved it 
I'm sad about I'm A Celeb. I didn't want her goneeee 
I'm sad about it 
I'm sad about Jon and Kate.  
im sad about missing out on the opportunity to be in valencia's new video. 
I'm sad about this game  bring it back Nuggets! Please!
I'm sad after discovering my awesome headphones only reach as far as the toilet door, not close enough for me to do a distance wee 
i'm sad and crying cuz no one will tweet with me 
im sad and lonely. just found out hubby wont be home until next weekend 
im sad and scared. 
I'm sad and torn. I hate when family and career clash! It sounds like a no brainer but it really isnt 
i'm sad andreas lilja can't play 
I'm sad bc @iamdiddy is the only reason I got twitter and he doesn't reply!  Good night folks!
i'm sad because @jacvanek mentioned london.... oh how i miss it 
Im sad because i finished my cheeseballs 
I'm sad can't go to the Winery today w/ the girls  .....I guess I'll make up by going shopping(lol)
i'm sad causÂ´ iÂ´m not rich and I want a man whoÂ´s nice, lovely, hot loves me and is rich.. can anybody help me? 
Im sad coz ill b leaving tomorrow ... Back n cebu.. Bt i wil miss negros a lot...   
I'm sad cuz my other half is mad at me 
i'm sad danny was eliminated 
Im sad for the east coast....they dont have SHIPLEYS 
I'm sad for the Gosslins....every last one of them  
I'm sad hs is ending 
im sad i actually found out the guy i went out with for 4 days sed he wasnt ready coz his grama died but he actually likes someone else 
I'm sad I didn't go out today.  But I guess strawberry soda and smores make up for it.
I'm sad I didn't see Jonny Makeup today at work 
I'm sad I don't have iMovie anymore, which means I can't make anymore videos. 
I'm sad I don't wanna sleep alone tonight 
I'm sad I have to take Hector to the airport!!! 
I'm sad I missed Thunder this year  ... thanks to homework and reading ... but hey, the big D (as in derby) is what it's ALL about !!!
I'm sad I won't get to see my shadow and gloss on my bday! Blush and lipstick? AWESOME but incomplete 
I'm sad I worked so hard on my grilled eggplant only to feel weak and nauseous all of a sudden and not eat a thing 
Im sad im missing the JB concert tonight 
i'm sad i'm not going to be able to watch tuesday's or thursday's games  really SUPER sad 
I'm sad I'm not going to the beach today  buttt happy I'm going to taste of syracuse.
I'm sad its cloudy in Bridge of Don but sunny everywhere else 
I'm sad listening to  music 
I'm sad Michael Copon left.  Lol He needs to come back soonn!
im sad mommie is going back to charlotte  
I'm sad my phone gonna die and i dont have a car charger 
im sad my sis wont p ick up boyfriend to take us to the movies now i dont want to go.. 
I'm sad no one told me about the $10 ticket deal that was happening on Friday...   
I'm sad our week is over with the &quot;Happy Faces&quot; home...I'm going to miss those girls so much! 1 more week left in Lima 
Im sad right now becuz of my lady 
I'm sad that #ravelry tweet day is over.  
I'm sad that @tarynuptw1tter is not following me 
I'm sad that I can only develop my roll of Fuji Neopan 1600 film after the 10th of July 
I'm sad that I can't ride my bike for the next few days. 
Im sad that I didnt get to go bowling  sad day...
I'm sad that I'm tipsy &amp; nobody is getting any    are yall ready for your daily bible verse? Clearly I need some Jesus in my life rt now.
I'm sad that King of the HIll is going off the air.....I love that show 
I'm sad that Murky Coffee in Clarendon is gone  I loved that place.
im sad that my dad has to take me to work on father's day 
I'm sad that my family and friends are hanging out in NC without me 
I'm sad that Outpost Gallifrey is closing down for good. It's a good thing I'm mostly active on the LJ DW coms. What a loss for members! 
im sad that tomorrow is the last full day here  i dont wanna leave!
I'm sad the Cavs won because that means Josh is going to game 6 Saturday night instead of karaoke with the rest of us! 
I'm sad there is no more #digg shouts 
I'm sad this is my last week babysitting 
im sad this is the last day  @asot400 !! glad I caught every sec
I'm sad to hear the news of an 8-yr-old girl who has been missing in our area - her body was found last night - Prayers are needed 
I'm sad to say that I'm not really digging Conan in his new gig. 
I'm sad to take off the suit b/c I know I'm not going to get to wear one again for a long time 
I'm sad today  &amp; when I get home my cheer will not even be there! 
Im sad today because I have to bring my foster puppy back to the shelter tommorow... I heart him. I hope he finds a loving forever home 
I'm sad today....miss my old life, miss my mama and my Grandmother  sad cloudy saturday!
I'm sad we don't have SNL over here 
I'm sad we're going home tomorrow  I'll have to come back out here before summer ends..
im sad!  i wanna sing! NOW! i want MY dreams to come true!
I'M SAD!!!! Just saw the final cut of the Paradiso girls video &quot;Patron Tequila&quot; and I HATE IT!!!! I excepted so much more from them 
I'm sad, but trying not to be.  Thankful for work, because in 3 days I won't be able to do what I used to every day... 
im sad, cuz my batter is acting up, and i cant afford to get it fixed  everything is going wrong...
I'm sad, I can't wear my UggBoots anymore 
i'm sad, jealous! what's going on babe? please tell me 
i'm sad, tired and happy at the same time. weird. too many goodbyes  but it's summmmmmmmmmmmer !
im sad, won't go to brits concert in london 
I'm sad.  And my heart's dropped. I'm just tired of everything.
I'm sad. Casey and JoJo are going to the Hot Air Balloon Festival and I can't go with them.  #stupidgalaevent
Im sad. D: school is almost over. I dont have a thing to do this summer.  and this last week isnt even fun.
I'm Sad. I Didn't Get Tickets For The FOB Show In Atlanta On Thursday. I Want More Than Anything In The World To Go, And I Can't. 
Im sad. I dont think anything can cheer me up right now. 
i'm sad. i'm bored and nobody wants to text me back today. guess i can kiss the idea of movie night goodbye. 
I'm sad. I'm sittin @ an outside fire place &amp; a moth flew n2 the fire and roasted n less than a second. 
I'm sad. My mom totally wiped away my dream of ever being a fashion designer. 
I'm sad. someone stole the front of my cars radio and now i can't listen to tunes 
I'm sad. sometimes I think she can't understand me 
I'm sad. We are getting rid of George tonight 
Im sad. We couldnt find the store that has TOMS in Elon. 
I'm sad. Why?? I don't want to leave my bedroom. 
I'm sad.. Brie went back home and she's gone!.. 
I'm sad.. I realize I put on a front... But I miss having a relationship and hearing, I love u 
I'm sad... Adam says that I'm not a very creative person 
im sad... because my theatre career is now kaput 
I'm sad... My first week of being 13 wasn't so good, and now none of my friends are answering my texts... 
I'm sad...!  I wish I could forget you...! And start over new...!
I'm sad....lonely...tired...a little depressed....need I go on....    
I'm sad...my cousins are on their way back home. Its been a fun month...back to reality. 
I'm sad/ sleepy bc my Peet's only filled my med. soy latte 1/2 way...and filled the other half w/ foam   I like foam, but not that much!
I'm saddend to have to learn more about @chris_barone's life from twitter than from him 
I'm saddened by the lack of Melissa! 
I'm saying good bye to a good friend tonight... kinda sad 
-im scaaaaared  I hate short hair...i LOVE long hair *sniffles* wwwhhhhyyyyyy!!!!!
I'm scared at the prospect that I actually did well at work this month. I don't want to be good at this 
i'm scared cause i have to write a maths test and i know nothing at all...wish me luck guys.. 
I'm scared for @shanedawson he has like porn ppl spamming his channel saying bad stuff it makes me sad cuz he might get raped  im scurred.
I'm scared for the visa delays. I hope I'll have everything in time! I'd hate it if I had to cance because of that. 
i'm scared if i hook up with chris it's only going to be one night just like all the others 
i'm scared my best friends life is hanging by a thread and ther isn't anything i can say or do about it.  i'm MORE than worried...
i'm scared my slippers are already falling apart :| ! big w = shitty quality. the souls on the inside just don't feel very secure. -sigh- 
Im scared now  i dont like being alone at night well when its dark in general  dis is a problem
I'm scared of walking out of this room and never feeling the rest of my whole life the way I feel when I'm with you. Baby had it right. 
I'm scared right now.  I hear people fidhting in my alley. 
i'm scared that everything i studied is not enough 
I'm scared that the next time WB does a Superman movie, they'll kill the franchise  I really wish I could pitch this idea to them!
I'm scared that they're gonna kill optimus like they did in the very first animated movie 
i'm scared to go in my bathroom. all the light bulbs are burnt out 
im scared to go outside....its COLD today. Too bad I already put away all my winter clothes 
I'm scared to take a shower I saw the drain n it freaked me out  I feel like IT is gunna get me :'-( http://mypict.me/2P9V
im scared, i have a red thing on my industrial &amp; idk what is is  im hoping its just irritated from getting my hair done. 
I'm schocked about the situation in Iran 
I'm screwed:/ ugh feels bad on wat she did and she is really sorry 
im scum, and i just really miss you calling me baby. 
I'm seeing everyone last played 1 VS 100, when do we get it. 
I'm seeing lots of movies.. but I can't find a comedy!! I need to laugh cause I am down. Very down!! 
i'm semihungover and eating a frozen pizza,,, unfortunately it has sausage on it  i don't like sausage... and i might still be drunk,
I'm sending Livy flowers 'cos she's hurt. Shhhh don't tell anyone. It's so sad 
I'm seriously addicted to twitter. 
I'm seriously having one of those days where I don't know what to do when to do it or what 
I'm seriously thinking of quitting my job. I LOVE working there, but I can't stand working with that bitch of a manager anymore. 
I'm seriously this girl on Obsessed! I have ALL of her fears 
im setting up my laptop again!  worse than the first set up  
I'm setting up the new Palm Pre!!! Installing bunch of apps, which are all but useless.  However it's Palm!!!!!
I'm seven different kinds of tired. 
I'm shaking from low-blood sugar becaus I didn't bring my soda to drink thruout the class. 
im shocked... mental illness among Malaysians on rise 
Im shooting rubber bands around the office at work. Boring day. I wish i could sleep my headache away 
I'm sicccc  ....bring me sum chicken noodle soup
I'm sick   the one things who make me happy : i don't go school but i'm realy tired i hate that when i'm sick
I'm sick   water lots of water... is what I need now hahah
I'm sick  *cough* *Sniff*
i'm sick  ..  hope i feel better till thrusday .
i'm sick  and home sick! stay in bed!! wish someone could stand by my side right now! 
Im sick  and i miss my bby. Im so ready for him to come home from work. I love you Treybby.
im sick  and still gotz work tomorrow
I'm sick  but 2day I have saman practice @ school
Im sick  fuckin high desert... But it was fun... Dont know if i get a trophy had to leave before the last match was over. So well see...
I'm sick  fuckin' rain!!
i'm sick  Gotta go to the Dr @ 3
im sick  i  took a  four hour nap yesterday and my little sister is making her 1st communion today so i have to go (even though i am sick)
im sick  i have a cold!! and my throat is really sore 
I'm sick  I have a fever. Why does this always happen to me?! Grr!
im sick  i have a sore throat, blocked nose and a throat full of phlegm. yum.
I'm sick  I'm calling the Doctor tomorrow methinks
im sick  omg i hate this.
i'm sick  so sad twitter world. i was due for it anyway.
I'm sick  Tied. Very tired 
I'm Sick -.- I Want Go Out !! 
Im sick 2day &lt;3 its so boring her at home 
Im sick again!!  its just not fair!! 
i'm sick again!!!  carol e seu berï¿½o de vï¿½rus...
I'm sick again. My throat hurts and I'm not feeling good at all 
im sick and all my mum can do is laugh at me cause i sound funny 
I'm sick and can't sleep... I hate being sick.. my throat hurts 
I'm sick and have a rash 
Im sick and i dont like it  , Justin Jynxed me 
I'm sick and I'm forced to work. 
I'm sick and my doctor advice me of a two week rest. I totally hate this virus. 
I'm sick and on my fall back tonite 
i'm sick and tired of getting these headaches every day &amp; aspirin doesn't help!  ..nothing does!
Im sick and tired of hearing about Las Vegas, bad ex there, bad memories, bad bad bad. But yet it seems to haunt me. FML! 
i'm sick as a dog :| is that the right saying to use when u have just barffed yir load and feel like shit ? :| 
I'm sick as a dog. Can't join in any of the festivities today/tonight. Food poisoning  If I see cucumbers n pico sauce, it'll be too soon
I'm sick as fuck  so I stayed home and am watching Maury.. Paternity test results. Hell yeah!
I'm sick at camp. 
I'm sick at work and going to be home alone when I get off  .. No one wants to take care of me ...
i'm sick fever of 100.2 
i'm sick i canÂ´t go to the high school party 
im sick i feel like crap ..but i sti have to go to work. ugh 
i'm sick in bed, when i'm supposed to be @ the XOXO lounge 
I'm sick now and I'm still in Solo!!! Oh man how bad  and now I'm wearing the WORST dress EVER!!!
i'm sick of being controlled by my social phobia 
I'm sick of being in pain now. Would give anything to get rid of it 
I'm sick of constantly being in pain  I'm totally falling to pieces!
im sick of crap weather! 
im sick of dis situationn 
i'm sick of doing art but i'm forcing myself to do it, my work is so bad  i wish i hadn't took art coz i'm complete bollocks at it.
I'm sick of Harry Potter fanfiction.
Im sick of having a queasy stomach ache its miserable 
I'm sick of having asian food I've had it for 2 week straight. 
I'm sick of Iran being a trending topic :/ I always think it says iron man and I'm like 'I can talk aboutt this' but no  stupid twitter xo
im sick of living like this... my room is a pigstye  .egjodgdfnio no matter how much i clean it... it gets messy within a few days 
I'm sick of not being able to sleep at night 
I'm sick of playing The Sims 2... I want The Sims 3. 
Im sick of seeing the 0 its tauting and mocking me  
im sick of Subway. i just wanna go home and sleep! 
im sick of there being pips in my mandarins!! it really ruins the whole experience 
I'm sick of working long shifts now  I wanna go homeeeeeeee
im sick off survey people telling me to give them my cell phone number and credit card number 
I'm sick to hear all the bad things that are happening in the world. Why the people doesn't talk more about good things? 
I'm sick today twitterville 
Im sick today yuck, i hate feeling bad......Weather is bad today round here, that sucks.. Wondering what else could go wrong today.  
I'm sick when the day is beautiful, and when it's the last time until three months that I can go swimming 
I'm sick with a bad cold or some sort of bronchitis 
im sick with a sore throat, bad coff, and fever  i hate being sick :'(
I'm Sick!  I miss my classmates
I'm sick! and it sucks! I'm still thinking about the last day of school. I miss them SO much! 
I'M SICK!!!  and tomorrow is the Lauren Conrad signing but u know I aint gonna miss that for the world
I'm sick!!!!!!  ughhh some bull...
I'm sick, I want to go home 
i'm sick, it sucks 
I'm sick.   But you are taking such good care of me!  
I'm sick.  but i had a really cool dream last night. 
I'm sick.  I am not a big fan of cold weather 
I'm sick. AGAIN. Not as bad as before. It went away and has come back. 
I'm sick. Coughing, sneezing and a runny nose 
I'm sick. I don't like it. 
im sick. i got the flu. huhu damn this flu season.  hope to feel good by my flight this monday.
I'm sick. I need my bby.  yoshi is annoying. Hah. Sleep I go.
im sick. will be absent for a couple of days 
Im sick..  someone come take care of me
I'm sick...  Its my 3 day weekend too... this always happens....
I'm sick... I had to call in sick to work, so I feel kind of bad 
I'm sick... I have a fever... and a headache... and I can't breathe through my nose... I can't sleep either  *wishes he had someone*
I'm sick... who gets the flu in June? Ugh, knew I should've gotten a flu shot this year. 
I'm sick....    cough cough
I'm sick..... My friend jinxed me....Damn you 
I'm sick...and I feel like I'm dying. Swine Flu Karma. Shouldn't have made fun of it.  #fb
I'm sickkkkkkk!!!! How did this happen ??????? 
Im siiiiick  Yucky cold
im siiiiiiiiiiccckkk!! and all from swimming in Lake Michigan 
I'm silly: making myself sad looking back over texts from a guy earlier this year where it didn't work out in the end. Boys are stoopid 
Im singing in the rain !!!  it is pouring the rain !!  
Im single now apparently. 
im siting in my bed so so so bored watching extreme makeover home additionits so upseting i think im going to cry  .x.x.x.x.
Im SitTeN here mAd latE listeNinG 2 BirthDay SeX ,waTchin mY cat sleEp on mY laP omG Skool Is DoNe 4 me  sO saD. lol. i Go baQ oN Sep 1st
I'm sittin in my office   Ready for tonite! Grayskale at the blue monkey!!
Im sitting @ the house by myself. 
Im sitting at home waiting to go out. it sux cuz i dont feel good 
im sitting at home wondering how i couldve fallen for this guy i work with. hes and dick and will forever be a bachelor 
im sitting at home, eating durian while doing my malay homework and at the same time people are sacrificing their lives in iran. 
im sitting at home. and im super hungry 
i'm sitting at the mac store trying to figure out why itunes wont work  this guy next to me is not having a great time
I'm sitting at work  wish i had something to do after with anyone but i dont 
I'm sitting at work..about to pass out. Will sleep ever come again? It's been almost a month! 
I'm sitting here thinking about this weekend...worrying about da amt of noise my neighbor is going 2 bring me tomorrow...I feel defeated 
I'm sitting here waiting til it's time to go to bed...this was my last day of vacation 
I'm sitting here watch mike after eating homemade tacos. And wishing that I could go to Mike's birthday Bash 
Im sitting here, in pain, waiting for a stupid meeting to start. I dont want to be here. 
Im sitting in arrivals in Dublin airport waiting for my sister and the flight is delayed 
I'm sitting in bed. Got to be up early tomorrow. Stupid 6:47pm train... 
I'm sitting in line-up at work...wondering why I chose a profession that entails babysitting grown, capable adults. 
im sitting in the hospital for the next few days 
im sitting in the most glorious sunshine - ive got my high factor sun lotion on! (i got badly burnt last weekend) 
im sitting on my yummy booty at work doing absolutly nothing...GO MAGIC!!! R.I.P. Kyle...love you lots 
Im sitting on stevens backyard swing.. By myself 
im sitting on the couch in a tank top and mini skisrt wishing my man was here! 
im sitting on the floor, filled with enthusiasm (i was being sarcastic!) uh oh i've got the SAT's on 11th-16th may! 
Im sitting talking to my very troubled friend 
Im sitting, doing nothing. TC I want to come back 
I'm skipping my workout this morning (just this once, I swear!) and I feel guilty 
im sleeping and boring, i dont want to sleep but my eyes are closing 
i'm sleeping and ready to go to bed...still bored I couldn't find any friend here 
I'm sleeping WAY too much. Gotta snap out of it. 
I'm sleepy  and my voice is hoarse
im sleepy and dont want to do assignments 
I'm sleepy and I don't like homework. 
I'm sleepy and I have to study... again and again and again... And my back hurts really, really bad... 
I'm sleepy and it's only 2:45 p.m.!!!!! went back to work today &amp; I HATE IT!!!!! 
I'm Sleepy and Watching Rotten T.V   I Need and Miss My Gorgeous Boyfriend 
I'm sleepy but really want some fries 
I'm sleepy but up still, dizzy, weak, headache, stomache pain. all this better go away soon 
im sleepy face. ready for bed. 
I'm sleepy&amp;tired. I hope FMSA don't cut me  I'm excited for F.T with BO! - http://tweet.sg
I'm sleepy, bored and my light drunkenness is going away. 
I'm sleepy, but I can't sleep...my back is still killing me. I feel old 
I'm sleepy. Haven't done any homeworks yet!  wow it's raining so hard.. I hope classes would be suspended tomorrow! haha 
im sleppy first night of summer sucked 
I'm slightly disturbed by Hollyoaks tonight.  I really don't think it's something that should have been shown at 6.30pm...
I'm slightly sober. 
im slowly gettin into this, but i never have anything exciting to blog 
I'm slowly reallizing how this burn I got at work 5 hours ago really sucks 
i'm slowly startig to fall out f love with twitter , i've deleated me account before think I'ma do it again. 
I'm smoking a cigarette. I hate newports. 
I'M SMOTHERING WITH HAYEVER REALLING BAD! 
I'm sneezing like mad now. Cannot take it 
im SO  bored! and youtube is being wicked slow right now  i need to find some good JB videos that ive yet to of seen.
I'm so addicted to yoville and mafiawars! argh! And I can't sleep! 
i'm so afraid  god, stay by me tommorow D :'(
Im so afraid of 2 things: tht ill nvr see catherine again, &amp; tht it will nvr b like today w/ honor society again after the world tour. 
I'm So Afraid Of Losing My Friends Because Of Swine Flu... Damn It...  Two Of 'em Are Sick... :-s
I'm so afraid that I might  have cancer.  
im so angry but its alright, angry not  just some people are always goi gto be the same (N) xD.
im so angryy! my phone internet still isn't working  garhhhhhh!!!!
I'm so annoyed i fell asleep during how to lose friends and alienate people, i really wanted to see it 
I'm so bad at this updating thing   can i help it if nothing interesting really happens to me? *sigh*
I'm so bad with plants I can't even keep African Violets which are supposed to be really easy to maintain... 
i'm so bad....needs to stick to my MIA mode.  news: wong wong &amp; mui mui is turning 1 tomorrow, and their mom is about to give birth AGAIN!
I'm so behind on my work, no more twittering for me today. 
Im so board  what can i do ?
I'm so boooored! got nothing to do till bout 5ish 
i'm so bored - have to go clean the showers now 
i'm so bored  i think i'm going to do laundry again =_=
i'm so bored  someone entertain me lol
Im so bored ... everybody left me  ooh well I'm gonna party it up !
im so bored and i still like him 
I'm so bored and irritated ehh I wanna go home and sleep... 
i'm so bored and my house feels so empty. 
im so bored and the coke im drinking isnt making me happy or preppy i feel emo today 
im so bored at home 
I'm so bored at work right now  there's nothing to do
im so bored can someone entertain me 
im so bored grrr have a test soon fuck 
im so bored having a regular life sucks 
I'm so bored it hurts 
I'm so bored right now 
Im so bored right now my summer is going to waste...and i thought this summer was going to be the best 
I'm so bored right now! I want to see @aisians and Rea, I really want to chat and hang out with them! Guys I really miss you! 
I'm so bored right now. My family is falling apart.  
I'm so bored studying physical 
I'm so bored tonight 
I'm so bored!!! Ahh! Oh and I think I forgot my good jacket at work. 
I'm so bored!!!!!!!!  And Friends won't respond to texts!! DX
im so bored, and its warm out, and i have nothing to do! fuckk my life! 
i'm so bored, even sleep doesn't sound good right now 
Im so bored, tired of studying.  tired,.. going to coffe with mum today :S LMAO.. at emily.
Im so bored,you not? MILEY PLEASE FOLLOW ME 
I'm so bored.  My life is getting busy now... gr...
i'm so bored.  this is not good 
I'm so bored. Haven't talked to anybody in ages 
Im so bored. I have no money, no gas, no nothing 
I'm so bored. I wish he was here 
Im so bored. Someone talk to me 
im so bored... idk what to do.  ..... i cant do anything without her...i miss her so much ...
Im so bored... There's nothing to do 
i'm so bored.idk what 2 do n my mom isn't home yet 
i'm so boredd! listening to music alone 
i'm so boring ... i wanna sleep  in chile is so cold !   brrrrrr! i need u ! 
I'm so broke it's not even funny, thank goodness tomorrow is pay day. I'm having a terrible headache 
I'm so brokenhearted now at just seeing this...  http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L51001925.htm
I'm so bummed I can't go to LA this weekend 
I'm so bummed that Ian left The Cab. 
im so busy that i dunt have time to pee 
I'm so close to dumping TweetDeck for another Twitter client, the new update pretty much crippled it  #fail
I'm so cold  I don't think I'll wears my new outfit for emmas party... It's raining :|
I'm so cold  looking forward to tomorrow though but that means no rev time. So scared for physics!
I'm so cold wish I had someone to cuddle up to 
I'm so cold, my head hurts...should I go to my double header tonight? All I want to do is sleep. Can someone drive me home? I'm sooo sick 
I'm so cold. I have being sick. Not cool spesh on my bday 
I'm so cold. Possibly have a fever. My heart hurts. 
I'm so confused  When did guys get so disrespectful? In one night I was called out of my name and told that I needed &quot;Charm School.&quot; WTF!!
I'm so confused about the weather, is it really gonna be sunny? or is it really gonna rain? 
I'm so confused and the cough syrup is fucking with my head. I don't understand 
im so confused damn! what do i do....??? 
i'm SO confused on why @johnmayer 's tweets don't show up on my feed 
im so confused right now 
I'm so confused!!! 
I'm so confused, what the shit... 
Im so confused. 
im so confusedddd..... but feelin' great today... thought about an person and i miss her allready 
im so coooold 
im so crushed 
I'm so damn Hungry I have no clue what should to eat ...should I have to wait till 3:00 PM  Ow I Caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan't  
I'm so damn hungry... but there's nothing to eat here! 
IM SO DAMN INDECISIVE!!!!!!! 
I'm so damn scared because of Maths....I won't get it 
I'm so damn tired   Think I go to bed very early, again.
i'm so damn tired -.- every single part of my body hurts. everything 
Im so damn tired but i cant sleep  MLB #19
I'm so damn tired u would think I went to China and back , I didn't even leave my time zone  I need a week to wake up ....
I'm so damn tired. 
I'm so dead time for bed - nearly got sex but bf was too tired 
I'm so depressed knowing that ashleytisdale is gettin' ready for the nights of nights, and I can't even see her live..  â™¥
I'm so depressed right now. IDK... 
I'm so dirty tday   can't wait for fiesta 
I'm so disappointed 
I'm so disappointed by the rain here, really wanted to see the animals in the park today  I hope it's going to sunny down south...
I'm so disappointed that bif lost to fck 
I'm so disappointed... have to cancel movie night because of heavy rains  Terminator Salvation will just have to wait.
i'm so dissapointed with britains got talent, i really wanted aidan, julian or shaun to win  diversity were amazing though!
I'm so doomed. Can't fit in any place that has rules 
im so down right now ....dont wanna do anything but talking to u  but the question is where`d u go?
Im so excited about transformer 2...but it doesnt come out for a while 
I'm so excited but i don't no why 
I'm so excited for Mads tonight...last time with my senior loves 
I'm so excited! Jill can sign &quot;more&quot; now! Now if I could just get over whatever it is that I have 
I'M SO EXCITED!!!! and i just hope that school ID's are accepted cuz i don't have a state ID 
im so exhausted 
Im so exhausted  studying &amp; tea stationn in cerritos, visit me. Lollll
I'm so exhausted but i can't sleep 
I'm so exhausted right now. and my throat hurts 
I'm so exhausted this heat really does it to you. My car was an Oven 
I'm so exhausted! What a weekend...R.I.P. GRANDMOTHER...missin you already! 
I'm so exhausted!! I went to sleep at 4 in the morning and woke up at  7......  and i can't go back to sleep
I'm so exhausted. I look like I'm stoned 
I'm so facebook iliterate. How the heck do you make an event on facebook?! 
im so fcking stoned. and all I could think of is chan chans finger. 
i'm so flippin tired, will probably go to bed soon.  It's only 9 PM 
I'm so fortunate to visit Hofstra and be studious all day today and tomorrow, with the weather so grand! 
im so freakin tired i really dont wanna be at work 
I'm so freaking confused. 
I'm so freaking hungry. But Mum made stupid fish and mac'n'cheese. 
I'm so freaking sleepy. 
I'm so frustrated, stupid Lukey! Why must he do such a thing and ruin our deal?! 
I'm so fuck n tired of people takin my kindness 4 a weakness. Havin a good heart sumtimes can hurt u I swear I miss u dad, I feel so lost 
Im so fuckin bored 
I'm so fuckin tired I'm about to take the mean nap then cook some chicken ! Off to Dallas tomorrow 
i'm so fucking bored   please entertain me!
im so fucking pissed. the youth director said she didnt have enough room in the van so my mom has to drive all three of us to laser tag! 
im so fucking sad, please god dont do this to me 
i'm so fucking stressed. i hate history. i'm going to cry 
I'm so fucking tired, and I still have two stories to right and (maybe) an event to get to. And the night shift ends at 10 p.m. 
Im so Fukin insecure and i hate it!  
I'm so full. Jessie's ziti was awesome. I wish I had room for more 
I'm so glad my concert is still a week away...I'm getting so sick and I need the time to recover!! My lungs hurt so bad right now 
I'm so going mad. 
im so gonna miss watching BGT 
im so got damn HUNGRY!!!.. whats up wit the food places in dallas???.. where they at???..  .. HELP STARBUCCZ OUT!!!
im so guted i cant go and see miley cyrus in concert   x
I'm so happy that tomorrow is finally wednesday! The past couple of days dragged 
i'm so hopeless. my only priority now is the BlackBerry Bold! 
I'm so hoping all of the extended family in Tehran is ok   Please be careful out there!
I'm so hot... 
im so hungry  lazy to make food, lazy to drive to get food HAHAHA
Im so hungry  Why do I always write about food? Im a pig :@)
im so hungry and i have nothing to eat 
im so hungry and its making me even more nervous 
I'm so hungry and my wife won't feed me 
I'm so hungry but I can't leave the office b/c I'm alone  All thats left in the company fridge is hamburger buns and cheese slices...
I'm so hungry but there is no time to eat 
I'm so hungry I could eat my own head. 
I'm so hungry its not even funny at this point 
im so hungry rite now 
I'm so hungry with my dad 
I'm so hungry!   What is still open?
Im so hungry! can i have some food 
I'm so hungry! I'm at another catholic service so I have to wait. 
Im so hungry! Wedding food was not enough. Didnt even have cake 
Im so hungry!!!!  10 mins til lunch thank god!!!  Boring tuna salad!! 
I'm so hungry. I think i'm gonna faint. 
I'm so hungryyyyy  I'm depressed now ugghhhh
I'm so hype right now .. How will I sleep tonight? - better try or I'll pay in the morning 
i'm so ill  atleast i won't vomit again! i am so tireddd
I'm so ill and exam is in 6 days. 
I'm so in a need of an energy boost at work. I'm trying to do work, but I can't 
i'm so in love 
I'm so in need of a holiday after everything! But not gerttting one 
I'm so in need of going to the beach.  Can someone bring me!!!!!! HAHAHA.
I'm so irritated, I've lost my camera's cable so I can't upload my pics! 
i'm so jealous @bekkajoy  but i hope you're having fun! i'll miss you tomorrow night  call me when you come back home
i'm so jealous of everyone thats able to enjoy the sun today.. i'll be at work til 9  anywho-- i hope the clouds are gone for good though!
I'm so jealous of everyone who's going to Dragonette tonight 
Im so jealous of Tri being in New york and Jen in London...and Im stuck in the rain!  haha!
im so jealous right now 
I'M SO JEALOUS XD XD XD i actually wish i was there too, so badly. 
i'm so jealuos....my sister got the blackberry curve i wanted 
im so jelous of american kids,its summer there &amp; were frezin our asses off in sydney + they got awsome gigs &amp; the whole summer off 
I'm so lame today  Lounger has been waiting for me on the balcony for hours, and i'm still hanging out in the kitchen! Let's Go Passi!!!
I'm so lame ugh I wish I was cool like fez  but nope I have to be boring sigh
I'm so lazy today  I should have read some paper ... but I haven't at all
im so left out of the party boo hoo  no love for lil oh me @officialTila
im SO lonely!!!!! 
im so lonly 
I'm so lost and in the dark... and i hear laughing!!! 
im so lost wihtout you 
I'm so lost without you. I wake up reaching for you and than i remember your not there 
I'm so mad !! I can't leave at ten twenty like I'm supposed to I have to sit in a room with a bunch of losers until two thirty eight 
I'm so mad @ myself rite now....I def need 2 listen 2 my vm moreeeee often 
I'm so mad @craftingmadness didn't get to stay  please be here at 7am.. I kinda need youuu.
I'm so mad at myself. I fell asleep during Terminator Salvation. Missed forty minutes of the movie. And NOW I'm wide awake 
I'm so mad for doing this to myself. But it was worth it?  No sleep til NAPA!...Literally.
im so mad i cant find my love and basketball dvd!!!!  G'NIGHT
I'm so mad i can't go 
I'm so mad it takes me so long to go to sleep now  ughhhh FINALLY off the phone and going to sleep. Henryhenryhenry &lt;3
I'm so mad that I can't finish watching my show! It was supposed to take 40 minutes and it's taking more than an hour. 
im so mad!  my ccousin got her jonas brothers cd for her birthday  i really wanted it 
I'm so mad! That good food I was smelling in my sleep was some damn fried prom chop. Ewww ! I hate that shit. 
im so madd argah i coulda seen the jonas brothers for free 
Im so mean but you still remain so nice to me. i feel so guilty 
im so nervous aboyt getting my college results in august  I dont wanna faaaaaaail
I'm so nervous for today babe , I love you so much 
I'm so nervous right now. I'm about to leave for work experience.  eek
i'm so not enjoying toronto right now .  ugly has weather .. A Night At The Roxbury is a CLASSIC movie tho. =]
Im so not excited about father's day tomorrow...my dad is doing yet another tour in Iraq.  I miss him 
i'm SO not excited for the athletics carnival.. 
im so not feelinq this huqe ass pimple smack in the middle of my doom. it aint riqht man 
I'm so not in the mood for studying. 12 hrs till online final 
im so not in the mood for this.  i'll try and tweet whilst i'm there. ;)
I'm so not looking forward to school 
I'm so not looking forward to tonight's #icehockey match (Canada-Finland). I'm afraid our boys will get their asses kicked. 
Im so not prepared for this long hard day at work 
i'm so not used to having a bed frame... i just kicked the shit out of it. 
im so not used to it 
I'm SO out of it this morning, that don't know if coffee or energy drink will help me get going this morning 
Im so out of touch with ramsay street 
I'm so outta it I threw my battery charger for my camera in the washer!!! Uuuggghhh, I hope it still works. 
I'm SO over all this rain. Bad weather cancelled my session with two french bulldogs... 
I'm so over studying, especially when it is so nice out!!! 
Im so over working  But there is really good artichoke dip in the gallery tonight. YUMMY
I'm so pissed at Kain for turning against Cecil. Ugh. Kain was my favorite person at the beginning. What a douche 
I'm so pissed off right now: GREAT TIMING &amp; GREAT NEWS! 
I'm so pissed right now!  way to ruin a good day, Thanks!
I'm so pissed right now. 
im so pissed. I jus saw in trending topics that #&quot;Bebe's Kids is on BET. ahhh i wanna go home 
I'm so ready for a nap !! but working 
I'm so ready for this night to be over.. and I'm hungry 
I'm so ready to be home and cuddled up with Rob. Why do I have to work!?! 
i'm so ready to be leaving soon in my jet plane!! friday can't get here soon enough...alhough i wish that my husband were comin too 
I'm so ready to get this weekend started 
I'm so ready to go home and end this day! Too bad I'm here in this hell hole tomorrow too 
I'm so restless.. I can't sleep. 
I'm so retarded i do'nt even know how to spell Stalking 
I'm so rubbish at keeping up with my blog. Articles never seem to get into shape quickly enough. 
i'm so sad  i can't find my flower-earrings. :'(
I'm SO Sad  i don't wanna see my report .. hope this day will never never neveer come ... i wish that i believed u when u said it's hard !
im so sad  really sad guys
I'm so sad about the Gosselins 
I'm so sad for Jon and Kate  I really thought they were gona work it out for the kids
I'm so sad I can't use a pic of my dog because the pics are too big! 
im so sad i didnt get to go to the jonas brothers uk gig  i love them so much .. but i wasnt allowed to skip school :-/
i'm so sad i didn't see RP in NYC  boooo
Im so sad i dont wanna leave 
I'm so sad I have to leave tomorrow. 
im so sad its 11:30 and i cant sleep because he still hasnt called...... i cant explain how upset i am   { Bella Notte }
im so sad studying far away from home..  so so so sad.!!
I'm so sad that @JaneFonda didn't win 
I'm so sad that Alex AND Eli won't be going on the summer tour.  I'm gonna miss them so much. :,(
Im so sad that Danny is gone! 
I'm so sad that I didn't get a ticket to see Paul Dempsey in Sydney. 
I'm so sad that I've left!! I'm going to miss my friends that are going to Truro! especially molly eliza and @teganfawn 
i'm so sad that Lauren left The Hills 
i'm so sad the bonfire tomorrow is cancelled.  i was looking forward to it!
I'm so sad to be graduating. 
I'm so sad to hear about the GA Theater fire 
im so sad yall  i miss my besties  shout out to all my sistas quisha ryan D nikki pooh izza bizza and even my destiny from dallas lol
I'm so sad!  lebron my MVP you had a great season!
I'm so sad! Everyone moved out of 108 Baltic Street #3L today 
I'm so sad! I miss my bestfriends already 
Im so sad!! My baby left to go back to school for football camp  Do ur thing boo, just come back home to me once business is took care of.
I'm so sad!! My grandfather has cancer. And missing my nephew and niece. 
i'm so sad, i broke my t.v. 
im so sad, i really wanna go see musiq soulchild, 
I'm so sad, I was lucky to see Brysons show, but I missed Jeydons, cuz that was like 2:.... AM in my time and I was really tired 
I'm so sad, when I realized that I not stayed enough with my friends 
i'm so sad.  i'm not at the penguins parade downtown. :/  watching it on tv is making me jealous.
Im so sad. Are the Jonas going to be here in Venezuela this World Tour?. If not, Im gonna cry. for real! 
Im so sad. Sometimes life brings me problems that i just cant solve. I dont know what to do anymore 
I'm so sad.. Next week is a shit week because I have 8 exams, and I've just lost my agenda.  empty days..  I need something.. 
I'm so scared I'm the only one up and someone keeps banging an pounding on my wall wtf!!!! 
I'm so scared of these older guys on my street! They almost jumped my best friends Grant and Steven! they were gonna jump us girls! 
im so scared to leave the house on my own, catch that man please MK police 
I'm so scared/nervous for my finals..  i really hope i do well..
i'm so scared/nervous for tomorrow 
im so screwed for half yearlies that i feel like dying 
i'm so screwed. i only have 1.5/5 pages done with this stupid research paper. i need prayers 
I'm so selfish. very very very selfish. and bitchy. and mean. and horrible. 
Im so sexy...I dunno why Im single 
i'm so shaky. I don't knoww whyyyy 
I'm so shooked about that Air France accident.   Going to revise
im so sick   trust me te get sick de min i finish my exams
I'm so sick  and I've got stacks of coursework (u) , not good at all :L !
I'm so sick I can't even move, 4 hours ago I was perfectly fine. What happened 
I'm so sick of everything. The people in my life, eSchools, stress, and more. 
I'm so sick of lies!  Sleeping.
im so sick of my mother already. anyone else wanna take care of me? 
im so sick of people hating for no reason and i wish i didnt take it so personally 
I'm so sick of summer storms 
I'm so sick of this sore throat.. &amp; the fever isn't helping! 
i'm so sick to my stomach  working on two hours of sleep. i wanna go home already and i'm not even at school yet.
I'm so sick!  I haven't gotten out of bed and its almost 3!
I'm so sick!!!!!!!!! my neck is sore!!!!!!!!! 
I'm so sick, infected with... Yeah I'm sick. 
im so sick. im failing 2 classes. im fucked. i want my bear  hes sick too
I'm so sick. I'm just gonna stay in my room all day, so much fun 
im so sleepies  its almost 11 pmz. still have to do my methodology, evaluation, and conclusion SUK MY DICK ENVIRO
Im so sleepy and dont want to do work. 
I'm so sleepy but I have to go back to school in an hour.  must take a nap!
I'm so sleepy but so ready for leaving for New Orleans tomorrow! I'm gonna miss all my friends though  ill be tweeting all morning tomorro
I'm so sleepy I cants feel my body anymore 
i'm so sleepy! but its too early 
i'm so sleepy, but i need to revise for my exams.. 
I'm so sleepy, but I woke up so late. 
I'm so sleepy. Waiting for my hair to dry. Then I can put make-up on. Un-stacking the dishwasher now. ~yawns  I want my bed waaaa D: zzzzz
I'm so slow today  I need to finish this, but there is too many distractions!!! FOCUS, FOCUS!
I'm so so So tired.  going to work soon zzzz.
I'm so so sooo nervous for my surgery tomorrow ( wish me luck! 
im so sore  break time yet?
I'm so sorry ! Truly I am !  I'm really missing your smile , laugh and anything of you ! I miss you !
im so sorry 2 hear dat my senior, widya ayu, died in an accident this morning. may she rest in peace. we'll miss you 
I'm so sorry Drace  this sucks so bad
i'm so sorry folks! my hp is temporarily blocked. sorry!!! 
I'm so sorry for the horses who died at the florida polo match. I hope it was fast and painfree.  heartbreaking.
I'm so sorry I haven't been on Youtube/Skype/twitter lately 
I'm so sorry to hear about what happened to Adam Cook. I will be praying for them. I hope the family finds strength even in these times 
Im so sorry, But my stupid phone deleted the song &amp; dejas phone did too! Im so upset  That was so personal to me &amp; took  *Its u&amp;me 4eva*
I'm so starving. I haven't eat anything at all today. 
I'm so starvingggg...old changke nya udah tutup.terpaksa deh sour sally  http://myloc.me/4QFp
i'm so stoked about Transformers 2! the trailers and posters are everywhere! but i guess i can only watch it after my exams.  blah i know.
i'm so stoked about Transformers 2! the trailers and posters are everywhere! but i guess i can only watch it after my exams. blah i know. 
Im SO stoked to be able to see Anna bannana tomorrow night! I miss her soooo much  Were goin to dinner.. MAJOR catchup session
im so stressed OUT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Im so stressed out about everything!!! Ugh! Cant sleep 
I'm so stressed right now I just want to cry. I want someone to tell me a nice story or something  lol
I'M SO STRESSED! 
i'm so stressing out here!!... this Oliver! script is sooo hard to learn  x
I'm so stuck with my own book. I know what I want it to be about, but writing it.... 
im so stupid!why do i like a guy that doesnt even know i exist?i mean seriously im never gonna meet him.thinking of him is just a waste! 
I'm so stupid. I get upset over nothing, and I can't get anything right. I'm so dumb. Ugh... 
I'm so sunburned that I feel like I'm gonna die! 
I'm so sunburnt  I look like a lobster!!! It's awful.
I'm so sunburnt. My legs are agony, I feel like I'm on fire! Sun lotion didnt work 
Im so terribly unhappy...my mom wont stop yelling about my chores 
I'm so the third wheel... 
I'm SO thinking about skippin out to NY in the morning. . . but all of my plans were for tonight  well . . . most of them anyway.
im so tired  &amp;i miss dionee already.
im so tired  .... and i need to be early tomorrow...
Im so tired  always tired always work to do. Sigh new assignments tomorrow
i'm so tired  and this week i'll have exams.. A LOT!
Im so tired  but the new moon trailer comes out soon!
Im so tired  going to bed!
I'm so tired  I need to start going to bed at a normal time. 4 hours sleep a night is not healthy
I'm so tired ! No going out for me. 
I'm so tired &amp; bummed  I got into maid-mode once I got home, &amp; now have so much to do all by myself... I hope I can get most of it done
I'm so tired &amp; frustrated w/sum of da things in my life &amp; I wonder sometimes is it even worth it... Is it worth da hassle anymore.. idk! 
im so tired &amp; sore  had odde fun thought with tina nani j0han amy josmary giraldy gaby michelle jessica wow  lol list goes on&amp; on
I'm so tired all the time 
I'm so tired and dreading the drive home tomorrow. 
i'm so tired and hannah wont come out 
I'm so tired and I miss my cute bitch more then anything already  gonna get started on SUM REAL SHiT NiGGA
i'm so tired and it's either from the rain and darkness all day or sleeping in. 
im so tired and really dont feel like goin to work today 
I'm so tired and sleepy but I really HAVE to go to practice! 
I'm so tired and suddenly I think covering that shift today was a dumb idea. 
Im so tired and yet i cant sleep a wink. Tomorrow is gonna suck 
im so tired but cant sleep 
I'm so tired but I can't even sleep and I've got class at 7:40 in the morning tomorrow 
I'm so tired but I can't fall asleep - does that make any sense? Grrr! Someone sing me a lullaby or read me a fairy tale  lol
I'm so tired but I can't sleep!! 
i'm so tired but i don't want to go to sleep 
I'm so tired from football and my knees are really sore 
I'm so tired from not getting enough sleep last night, b/c of this stupid headache. 
I'm so tired I can barely function. All I wanna do is take a nap. No cooperation from Chris though. GAAAHHH! 
I'm so tired I can barely tweet. So so so so so so so so so TIRED!!! 
I'm so tired I don't wanna go to school today 
im so tired i need to sleep but wont sleep for another 6 hours 
im so tired i want wanna go to sleep so bad    i wanna be off work so i can sleep before  i move more stuff
Im so tired i wish i was in bed. 
I'm so tired idk what 2 do...and I have 2 much 2 do ...church 2 nite, gotta write sermon, wash &amp; flat iron hair, eat! so so much 2 do 
I'm so tired I'm crying . I need to get up 
im so tired in class..i hate mondays 
Im so tired my iron is like super low but I cant get enough   Im also cravin a steak like no ones business.. :*(  im gonna eat spinach
I'm so tired of being booted... I sat here for 2 hours waiting to come back! Saw ll of your @replies and couldn't respond.. 
i'm SO tired of having bad dreams  i wake up in a horrible mood for no good reason.
i'm so tired of looking up 39372 hotels and not coming up with anything!!! 
I'm so tired of loud music 
I'm so tired of my life. I want to change it. 
I'm so tired of seeing tweets about Turk opting out of his Magic contract 
im so tired of this  i just want you back home where you belong .. things arent meant to end this way
I'm SO tired right now! Socializing and being sleepy don't mix 
I'm so tired right now. im not yet done with my histciv hw! its so freakin hard  how to how to. im sleepy too, i havent studied for quiz!
I'm so tired right, but i can't sleep  i'm so nervous about 2morrow *fingers crossed* i hope everything turns out gr8,,,
I'm so tired that I just refused a free sausage Mcmuffin. On a empty stomach. 
im so tired this morning and there was only cold shower water!not happy 
I'm so tired to go to school 
I'm so tired today, don't feel like doing anything at all 
im so tired working from 4.30-12 isnt fun!! whyy do i get shit working hours!! and cant enjoy my money! havent been paid for 3 months! 
I'm so tired you guys 
I'm so tired! But I can't go to sleep 
I'm so tired! Do I really have to go to school?   Busybusybusy!
I'm so tired! I cleaned my room today!! 
I'm so tired! I was not ready to be let go of this morning 
i'm so tired! night for all, i still need make my homework and i need sleep  xoxo. @mcflyharry, good dreams.
Im so tired!!! Baby sitting. 
I'm SO TIRED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
im so tired, &amp; I have to study alll night 
I'm so tired, All those late nights are catching up with me 
I'm so tired, but don't feel good 
I'm so tired, but I can't go to sleep   Well, I guess I could if I let myself relax, but for some reason I'm not... Kinda frustrating
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep!!! I hate that!! 
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep. 
Im so tired, coming from a BBQ with friends. I miss u baby 
I'm so tired, I definitely need some rest 
im so tired, i feel that i NEVER get enough of sleep no matter how early i go to bed!!!! 
im so tired, i swear im going to trip over my droopy eyelids  *mega yawn*
I'm so tired. And i don't want work tomorrow. 
Im so tired. And its so gloomy  what happeened ro summer?
I'm so tired. And looks like another weekend with nothing to do 
I'm so tired. I can barely keep my eyes open! Need sleep and its only 1:38 
I'm so tired. I can't go to bed though, I have to dry my hair. 
I'm so tired. I feel like I'm about to drop. But you know you can't stop, especially when your so close to tasting success. 
IM SO TIRED. I just want to go home and take a naaaaaaaaaaaaaap. fuck school ARGHNJASDK. 
im so tired. i want to go. i hate this poopy evening 
I'm so tired. It's 4.50am and my kitty woke me up by bringing a mouse in. Now it's dying in my room and I don't know what to do. 
I'm so tired. Shouldn't have stayed up all night. 
I'm so tired. Why does graduation have to be today? 
i'm so tired.. i think it's my bed time. oh wait, i still have a 1000 things to do 
Im so tired.. My head and stomach hurt 
I'm so tired.. took 4 hrs to finish a stupid powerpoint presentation 
i'm so tired... 
im so tired... gas tank on empty... 
i'm so tired... i'm not sleeping well 
Im so tired...im gettin nowhere...jus wen i think things gettin good i find myself bac at square one...i need an miss my mommy!!! 
I'm so tiredddd, lunch is over  fuck
im so tiredddd. i miss you soldier tho 
I'm so torn! I'm totally behind Ziva/Tony, but I'm so, so bummed that things with this random dude didn't work out 
I'm so unbelievably tired. 
I'm so unbelieveably bored  is it time to go back yet?? Please? I miss everyone so much. Why did we have to leave Parkwood?? WHYYYYYY?? x
I'm so unbelivably bored 
im so unhappy... why? 
i'm so upset i am not in NYC right now with my fellow GQMFs  i just learned about the meet up and there's no time to go now haha
I'm so upset my neighbors trimmed there trees this past weekend and now I have no privacy! 
Im so upset my twitter went bye bye.  ughh! lol.
im so upset stavros flatley didnt win britains got talent 
I'm so upset that  it's just rediculious! I'm ready to go live with my stupid dad! 
Im so upset that I don't have any pictures of tim and I from semi 
I'm so upset that The Sims 3 such ass 
Im so upset with my memory card , I NEED IT BACK 
I'm so upset... I shouldn't be doing this... McDonald's Late Night Menu 
I'm so very upset that I didn't get tickets to see Muse 
IM SO WACTHIN RUNS HOUSE DO I SEE MY BOO &quot;JA RLE&quot;&quot;&quot;ITSSS MURDERRRR (JA VOICE)DAMN I MISS THEM DAYS 
Im so weak. Prolly the cause of losing alot of blood last night.  - http://tweet.sg
I'm so worn out and my night is just starting.  This weekend is gonna be tiring. For reals.  &lt;&lt;3 always,  T&gt;
i'm so worn out, this week has sped by soo fast. gonna ask mum if we can go to the movies. i'm desperate 
im so wrecked diddnt go asleep until 4.30 just watching south park grrrrr. 
im solo rite now, no teammate to play with 
im soo angry and scared  :S The listening was very hard again :S .. Unbelievable.. But heey, i dont wanna fall again ..
I'm Soo Bored Someone Talk To Me Please  I Cant Buy Tickets For Demi Lovatos Concert At Wembley National Stadium Anywhere Any Ideas Anyone
I'M SOO BORED!!!! Can someone talk to me pleaseee 
im soo bored...im deffo missing my music channels  
im soo bored...no one will come out and iys like a really sunny day!! 
Im soo confused 
I'm soo emotionaly and physically drained!  I don't want to go to school tomorrow
I'm soo freaaking nervous/anxouis.  . but i know it won't happen now, so i don't know how I'm going to sleep.
im soo freaking craving a good sandwich...or something, ive been craving to eat SOLID food instead of noodles all the time 
I'm soo frustrated I can't bloody add Lily Allen as a friend on MySpace so I can't go to her secret gig! 
im soo hungry, but i shouldn't be eating after 8PM. 
im soo insecure right now 
im soo sleepy and i dont want to do anymore hw 
im soo soo bored dnt kno wut 2 do 
im soo stuck on these assessments 
i'm soo tired &amp; my foot hurts  i love bsb!!
i'm soo tired! i want to sleeppp yawn!!! i'm about to go to school  ughhhh
im sooo bored. got nothing to do  i need ideas
I'm sooo bored. I'm too warm and comfy to play netball 
im sooo bummed that im not gonna be here for the formal!! 
i'm sooo burnt  remind me to take suncream next time someone !
im sooo cold but its sunny outside! 
im sooo cold! silly silly coldness 
i'm sooo dead... i can't move anything.. i just want to sleep right now.. 
I'm sooo far behind on my YouTube subs because I was away for the weekend... Too late to watch them all tonight 
im sooo freaakin cold.!!!!  burrrr.!!!!! :I
I'm sooo glad I live 5 mins from work..my tire doesn't have air  so my boss is sending someone to pick me up. Yay me!
i'm sooo hungry, why arent i still in tunisia, with all inclusive foood! chips, pancakes, lasange! 
i'm sooo hungry.. i didn't eat my noodles, didn't like them. And the honey balls are gone  ... gahh.
Im sooo hungry... i want burger king... ugh... gotta wait til the other receptionist comes back... 
I'm sooo lonely now 
IM SOOO MAD I CANT BE IN THE CHAT  @bugsy317   (Bugs317 live &gt; http://ustre.am/3mxy)
im sooo mad right now! listening to music that normally makes me happy, but is making me cry 
I'm sooo mifted , grey clods ahead!!!!  grreat!!!
im sooo sad i didnt get to eat lc's with @basketballems 
Im sooo sad i didnt go to prom  fuck me. Atleast im drinking with my girls.
im sooo sad! im gonna miss our class soooo much! 
I'm sooo sad!!! they killed off Kutner on House  whyyyyyyyy
I'm sooo scared. I heard there is gonna be thunder storms in poughkeepsie and wappingers....i hate storms 
I'm sooo sleepy but my back pain is not helpin me finish my training preperation 
I'm sooo super tired 
Im sooo tired  UGH! I reeeeally dont want to work tomorrow.
I'm sooo tired after working last night, I couldn't get to sleep 
im sooo tired and i havent really done anything all day...im also sad that bookie has to go to work i need some cuddle time 
I'm sooo tired of studying, I just hope I pass. 
im sooo tired of the same old same!!! 
I'm sooo tired!! Ugh!! I'm getting old  can't wait to fall asleep lol peanut is on my nerves I'm going to beat that dog in a minute!
I'm sooo tired, but can't sleep, too much on my mind. 
I'm sooo tired.  I have a page left to write on my essay and two study guides to finish though 
im sooo tired... seriously lack of slp! brain cells are working non-stop everyday!! 
I'm sooo wierd!!! Me going to mall later !!!! But it's only for my contacts 
Im sooo0o tired and sore.. Oh my! I dnt feel good wah..  nite
im soooo bored  what to do ..what to do.... if i eat another peanut im going to pop
I'm soooo bored! Just watching come dine with me - the scots accent sounds daft on the telly 
I'm soooo bored...and waiting for stuff to load... 
I'm soooo bummed i can't come  this trip &amp; and my pms are making me into a monster already &amp; i haven't even seen my family
im soooo confused 
i'm soooo confused 
I'm soooo full. Skyline for lunch. Can I go home and take a nap? Please......... 
i'm soooo hungry  but i wanted to finish this before!! how do i evaluate myself!?
I'm soooo hungry! I wish I was in MD so I could get some Old Bay wings! 
I'm soooo hungry! It's almosty 2pm and I haven't eaten/drank anything yet!!!! I missed breakfast and now it looks like I'm missing lunch 
I'm soooo mad.  Someone stole my dang bike. I bought it last summer to have to ride around the neighborhood and to the gym.  WTF?
i'm soooo sad right now 
Im soooo sad! mileys not going to toronto for her fall tour....im gonna cry all night 
I'm soooo secretly sad!!!! 
im soooo shortttttttt 
I'm soooo sick... I cnt take it  
I'm soooo tiiiireeeed... I can't sleep...  consubfm
Im soooo tired &gt;_&lt;  @Wardere lets go to bed bro haha ill make the video public right when I wake up  
I'm soooo tired and I have to write an essay  ugghhh
Im soooo tired attempting to learn names and dates really takes it out of you!! Couldn't quite finish adolescence 
I'm soooo tired! My whole body hurts 
im soooo tired.  i wish i was in my bed right now.
Im Sooooo Bored &amp; Im About To Get Off!! 
I'm sooooo confused.. Don't know what to do!!! 
I'm sooooo hungry, but I'm not going to Nana's today 
I'm sooooo ill   I could barely stand up beforeeee!
I'm sooooo not tired. @ginalacolla won't answer her phone.  and I'm too lazy to turn my MacBook on.
im sooooo sad....thanks 4 the memories birthdays, im gona miss every1 sooooo much 
I'm sooooo tired but I have to get up 
I'm sooooo tired!!! I can't believe it's already Monday! I hope this day goes by quickly so I can go back to bed. 
I'm SOOOOO upset that I stained my new dress  I feel like cryinq. I'm qonna keep washinq it until it comes out tho cuz I'm not a qiver upp
I'm soooooo hungry  soon as these auditions are over, I'm hitting Bangkok Cafe...
i'm soooooo sleeeeepy!!! the last day o' school was today....sniffle.... 
i'm soooooo tired  i need vacations,NOW...
I'm sooooooo mad imma miss Lauren party!!! Ya'll have fun w/o me 
I'm sooooooo tired  but only this free and a lesson to go! Then i'm done for the week x
I'm soooooooo bored in this class! Some one help me please make me laff... 
I'M SOOOOOOOO CONFUSED........     
I'm soooooooo hungry right now. DH is still not home. 
i'm soooooooo ready to go home and lay in my bed!!!! Me sooooo tired 
I'm sooooooooo bored right now 
I'm soooooooooo depressed I want to be in a band sooooooooooooooo badly. 
I'm soooooooooo sleepy...mom woke me up....and now I can't go back to sleep!! 
i'm soooooooooooooooooooo mutha-effing hungry, 
im soooooooooooooooooooo tired  but in a half hour i can sleep^^
im soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored out of my mind 
I'm sore  BBQ at grandma's house later today
im sorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry. i think it was me that got you sick....do u still love me 
I'm sorrry.. i cant loose you as a friend you mean to much to mee   &lt;3  im sorry
I'm sorry    TBS on sat!!!
i'm sorry  @ichiyeahyeahs
i'm sorry  but i really do like you
I'm sorry  I didn't want this either...FML
I'm sorry  i'll stop living there
I'm sorry  I've got some stupid problem with my internet. It won't stay on for more than like thirty seconds
im sorry ): i cant stop crying. i dont even think theres a reason for me to live right now  school soon. then idk...cells good &lt;3
I'm sorry @khatijah I can't &quot;kesian&quot; Mr. Brown, the man's too soporific! 
I'm sorry @MandiElyse...hugs from me, and keep us posted.  
I'm sorry @rreesern !!! That sucks!! 
I'm sorry 4 what I said about my Cousin - I shouldn't say those things... Got told off by my older sis - Sorry Javs!!! 
I'm sorry about your dad sunshine  you have meee
I'm sorry but I can't help it: I HATE very loud sneezes. 
I'm sorry but I think the &quot; old Simon and Garfunkel&quot; are a little bit creepy 
I'm sorry for everyone who has to spend time with me  it isn't my intention be so mean  and it sucks that nobody understand me and j ...
i'm sorry guys, it was a rushed decision. 
I'm sorry i got sick    -Daveee
I'm sorry I haven't a clue was funny, but I still miss Humph 
I'm sorry i lied to you 
im sorry i sucky jasonsechrest and missed Numbers last night  I looove u!
I'm sorry if i was super worried, concern and cared so much. I didn't know you left your fone, I know its my fault. 
I'm sorry if my icon is messed up. Wanted a new one and now it displays nothing... Tweetie even gives an error 
i'm sorry i'm neglecting you, twitter. 
I'm sorry isaac  Blah  i feel horrible i'm not all here.  ah?? Omg. I think i just fucked up things? 
I'm sorry ladies, i couldn't manage to log in yesterday evening to 394. I had no internet, and got very frustrated. 
I'm sorry leona. That really sucks.  just think...You'll be in montana in a matter of weeks!
I'm sorry Lolah but you make Dewey pee when u leave 
i'm sorry mom  PLEASE PRAY FOR ME
im sorry my blog, you look horrible now 
I'm sorry that was more than 10 minutes 
Im sorry thats mean 
im sorry this is the last day of my twitter love you guys always 
im sorry to bring the philippines pride down but i think those pinoy versions of popular songs killed the sould out of the original song! 
I'm sorry to say I'll miss the Tweetnetworking event tonight. Both hubby and I got the kids' colds. 
I'm sorry to see Animated end   @ DerrickJWyatt
im sorry tori that i made you cry i feel so bad 
I'm sorry twitter, I've been avoiding you. 
I'm sorry u pulled your neck  Hope u feel better soon. I bet the choreography is dope, can't wait 2 c it either Mandy. Thnks 4 the update!
I'm sorry, but I never liked The Sims games.  The Sims 3 iPhone app crashes a lot...  
I'm sorry, guys... I'm still a little annoyed at the non-kiss last night. We waited so long.  Give me a day, I'll get over it.
Im sorry, I don`t like hurting people`s feelings but you know the situation.. 
I'm Sorry, Mary - Matt Wertz. Seriously? THAT song is gonna play now? Grrrrr... 
I'm sorry, Tracy Cyrus is ugly. Demi, no 
I'm sorry.   i really can't eat oatmeal.  Even if it's chocolate flavored.
I'm sorry.  Don't be mad me, I love you...
I'm sorry.  just tell me what you want me to do. And you are friends with your exes. But please just tell me what to do.
i'm sorry. please don't ignore me. 
Im sort of hungry but cant be bothered to make anything and also J is waiting for his dinner 
im spent... sweet mini got the best of me 
I'm staaaaaarving  after signing offers it's lunch time!! 
I'm staffordshire bound. Will hopefully be able to get some oatcakes. Can't get them in london anymore. 
I'm standing outside the library and it's closed.  don't laugh at me.
I'm staring at myself up and down tryna figure out where to put this tattoo ant drew for me. I need help 
I'm staring in dismay at my timetable for Friday and wondering what the hell I did to deserve such a hellish day... 
i'm starting my workout today, I really don't want to go but I'm going to   Guess what tomorrow is. U2 concert tix go on sale! Cant wait!
I'm starting to be pessimist, there is a ton of people got the same or even higher score than me 
I'm starting to believe that I have insomnia.. 
i'm starting to do research for my project... yeah me.. 
I'm starting to feel a little bit better!!!!!!  But I still need a hug... 
I'm starting to feel a little invisible lately ! 
Im starting to feel distant again..      &lt;/3
I'm starting to feel like the fat kid that gets picked last in gym class. I'm tired of getting rejected from jobs 
Im starting to feel really tired  This line has moved up lol one person and that person is still busy. This is gonna take forever. 
I'm starting to get a headache. 
I'm starting to get a little homesick. 
i'm starting to get really fed up with this now. she doesn't like you! just realise that already and come back to me 
I'm starting to get sad; rumors no chrome outline on new iPhone? 
Im starting to get that uncomfortable anxious feeling again. Now im more of a â€œthe cup is half emptyâ€? kind of girl that I have ever been 
I'm starting to get the feeling that I'm not following people that I used to follow, with no action of my own  strange
I'm starting to get used to the fact that i leave in 2 days  i'll miss you lots
I'm starting to get very sad about my son's last day of Kindergarten in a few days. It's very bittersweet. 
im starting to hate ext pen tests, 4 open ports total and no concievable way in. bonus no phishing 
I'm starting to loathe C++, well not the language, but badly manage projects... i.e. what I have to work on 
im starting to really miss talking to my gf at night 
I'm starting to see my dogs head like a pizza box with a slice of pizza sticking out. THAT is how hungry i am 
I'm starting to think that Annie lied.. the sun is never coming out again 
im starting to think that i dont know how to relax...i keep doing things and now im more tired! 
I'm starting to think this adventure was not a very good idea at all 
I'm starting to think this whole sleep thing isn't for me 
I'm starting work now 
i'm starved in the co and nothin is open that will deliver to me... i don wanna cook.. this sucks  someone bring me food plz
I'm starving  craving both subway and dominos :'(
I'm starving and I can't eat because I went to the Dentist this morning and he put another hole in my mouth 
I'm starving and I've got nothing in the kitchen 
I'm starving but can't get out of my room cuz there's an unpleasant guest in the house 
i'm starving but i'm too lazy to go get anything 
im starving now, hix... 
Im starving ya'll belive I haven't had dinner yet  Waiting on my steam fish, I hope its spicy an have nuff okra fi put inna mi back LOL
I'm starving! And there's no one awake to make me food 
Im starving! I could really use some taco bell 
Im starving! I seriously cant go 3 hours without eating. Wtf is wrong with me?! 
I'm starving! One hour 'til lunch time 
I'm starving, and yet there's nothing good here to eat 
I'm STARVING. I skipped dinner last night and was in a rush this morning. 
I'm starving. Not eaten this morning and I've no cash on me. Can't get to a cash point until 11:00 and nobody has any cash to lend me 
i'm starving... and there's nothing to eat 
I'm staying at the Fairfield Inn Marriott and they wont let me have my dog Ollie here  Dog haters!
I'm still alive, just that my ISP killed my Internet connection  So I had to go elsewere 
im still annoyed 
im still asleep  fml, and today.
I'm still at it. Haven't quit at all. Just took a small break.  #trackle
Im still at phuket, . Coming back on Saturday midnight/Sunday morning. GAWD I dont even dare weigh myself. 
im still at school  preparing hard...
im still at work  this is when i am at my least productive, when i am forced to stay late and have another place to be!!
im still awake and i have to be in winton by 6:15 am. ughhh. 
I'm still awake and the sun is up 
Im still confused about my album situation, dont know what to do  i went to the park before work with my guitar to try and clear my head
i'm still embarassed that i surpassed my twitter limit  i didn't get to finish updating about the awards!
I'm still experiencing abt a half hour lagg time. Hmm. So much for entertainment; deleted FB, now what?Guess I'll start washing clothes 
I'm still feeling exhausted in the morning everyday now. I guess I really will have to start going to bed earlier in the week 
I'm still feeling quite jet lagged and I'm missing England already  Going to go to bed. The beach may cheer me up tomorrow. ~Cheers
Im still frozen  I feel like David after Dentist http://bit.ly/47aW2  &quot;Is this guna be Foooorever&quot; lol
I'm still gonna be working when the parade starts so I guess I'll have to catch it midway on TV 
I'm still having problems in reading my DM's so won't be able to reply to any  anyone else? #fail
i'm still here in the office...and the sun is shining 
Im still hungry after a bowl of wanton noodles. Want some more but an ex-classmate is at the table next to mine 
I'm still hungry after a slice of pineapple, papaya, corn chips and salsa  I need some protein.
im still ill  feel worse than yesterday!!  on the brightside ima getting a wii fit today  woop!
I'm still ill after a when week 
im still ill its been all week now 
im still ill!!!!! i think its eating that is making me ill coz whenever i eat i get an awful pain in my stomach   #jonaskevin 1581st post!
I'm still in dire need of new pair of kicks... Jordans to be exact... 
I'm still in shocked that we didn't see any PD2  Didn't PDZ sell over 2 million?
im still leaving today at 3pm to meet my gay friend @5pm...ill be missing bubble gang again 
I'm still looking for the perfect amp. Will this ever end? Why yes it will, and I'll be a couple grand poorer 
I'm still loving and thinking of u D. But I know we'll never be together 
im still loving wes carr, want to see him again but have no 1 to go with   
I'm still missing two seasons 
I'm still not done packing  And I have to be in Houston by 9am! Imma call it a night and pray I wake up in time!! Night twitters!
Im still not on the schedule at mcds. 
im still on the computer.. its killing me slowly.. 
i'm still pissed i missed the finale of the hills  p.s- you are a pig.
Im still really tired from going to Edinburgh yesterday 
I'm still recouperating from the holiday weekend, wow, I've never been sunburnt before, this really hurts 
I'm still sad 'bout the season finale of House md.  I'll go and take a siesta.
im still sad cause i lost all my files  !!!!
i'm still sad that the Russian killed Apollo Creed 
i'm still sick !  i hate it !
I'm still sick, but at school. Last night was not fun. 
i'm still sick, i have headache, i can't move my poor body, i have fever i think i have everything snif  i wont go to the school tomorrow
I'm still sleep walkin.. Got n the crib last don't kno how jus remember hittin the sheets now I'm up beating my feet  TIRED
I'm still so hung over from that phenagrin(is that how you spell it?) last night 
i'm still so tired &amp; i don't know wtheck is up with all the headaches i've been getting lately!! maybe i need to wear my glasses more? 
I'm still so tired. I want to go home. 
Im still so tired..i want to go back to sleep 
I'm still struggling to finish HBP. I blame Ginny and Ron/Hermione. 
I'm still stuck in this crappy hospital bed! On a Friday! I'm missing all the fun! 
I'm still super duper bummed that I'm not going to BlogHer 
I'm still thinking ... Idk 
I'm still tryin to make the &quot;D.O.A.&quot; song grow on me....not really workin  
I'm still trying to figure out if twitter is for me ... it's so boring!!! 
im still up arrr i really should sleep or im goin to be grumpy 2moz 
I'm still up reading this book. I have to work in the morn. But I can't sleep. Wish HE was here to help me sleep. 
im still upset that plans with the guy bestie fell through  ugh that teaches me to never rely on other ppl... =(
I'm still very sad 
Im still waiting for my Phone  x
I'm still watching Australia's next top model...just finished episode 7 and @lola_lola_lola got saked!...aww I liked her the most 
I'm still wishing we could have gone to TNNA this year   Stitches East, anyone?!
Im still wondering on how to put my twtter at my blog 
I'm STOKED for E3! Disappointed in the new psp go though... no dual sticks is a poor choice 
im stranded 
I'm stressed and I just want to go home! 
im stressed bc all I think about is dance all I wanna do is dance my soul crys out for dance what should I do??? 
I'm stressed over my mid year exams... 
Im stressed...my future husband (manny) wont talk to me  working all day, hopefully i make money
Im stressing out here  I cant' remember the next line to this song  Can u help me? Song:  Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows.....
I'm stressing this pregnancy is not going as well as I thought or hoped. I got some bad news from the doctor today 
I'm struggling to use Jasper and Essbase together over XMLA. Can anyone point to a good guide? Legacy db, Mondrian not an option. 
I'm struggling with adapting to the Mac version of Logos. I miss BibleWorks 
I'm stuck at High Court for 3hrs..no one wants to pick me up to go back to the office 
I'm Stuck at work 
I'm stuck at work while 160 Haralson's are destroying craig's cruisers 
i'm stuck home making a powerpoint and babysitting matty's car while he goes out with our friends. boo 
I'm stuck in night class 
im stuck in the cue of billions, updates gunna take 2 hours to download 
I'm stuck in traffic and I'm car sick 
i'm stuck inside all day  so i'm catching up on crows,i might read some more of worst after that and make it a manga day
im stuck watching full house bc brady's napping on top of me so i can't reach the controller and this is the one when their grandpa dies! 
I'm stuck watching House Hunters, and deprived from MTV Movie Awards  I have a serious dislike for House-changing shows
I'm studing  this is horrible :S
Im studing history for a exam 
im studyin for my finals  steel structure sucks!
im studyin some German !!!  i hate it , sorry for the germans !
i'm studying about OSTEOCLAST 
I'm studying and working, I can't continue bahhh 
i'm studying for my next exam, i'll have it in 3 mour hours and i know almost nothing 
I'm studying for my written exam of Spanish tomorrow... Pfff... 
i'm studying greek history!! help me 
I'm stuffed n can't move 
Im stuffed, Ive been eating junk all day! 
i'm stuffed.  my mom is grumpy because the lakers lost 
Im such a bad girl. 
I'm such a bum 
I'm such a coward! Nyesel sendiri kan.... 
I'm such a dumbass! I forgot my camera 
I'm such a dummy. Thanks @_vickie_ for coming with me  i hate my LIFE
I'm such a frkn fan girl. 
im such a fucken moron  damit
I'm such a girl.  I just cried watching Bride Wars. 
I'm such a heart breaker not a heart taker ! 
I'm such a loser at sports.... 
i'm such a mess right now. 
I'm such a saddo, haha. But that actually makes me really happy. Warrens dead though 
I'm such a tard! Upped my Vespa tank for the first time and it overflowed  Who knew it only held 1.5 gallons. Lol.
I'm such a wimp 
I'm such a WoW nerd  hahahaha
i'm such an idiot 
I'M SUCH AN IDIOT!  I purposely wore Paige's noisy bracelet  today, so I'd remember to give it back to her - I STILL HAVE IT! &gt;&lt;
i'm such an idiot. i just drank some water from a mug. mum must have sprayed air freshener in the room and on the water. now i'm choking. 
I'm such an idiot. I totally forgot to tape Harper's Island on Sunday night 
Im such an insomniac this week 
I'm sun burnt! On my face 
I'm sunburnt from work. 
I'm super bored, why is there nothing to do today but sit on the couch and watch Family Guy? 
I'm super disappointed in myself  i bit off all my pretty nails
I'm super excited for the weezy, drake, soulja boy &amp; young jeezy concert ! ...but then I remember its not till august  lol
im super homesick  i miss my bed, my shower, my garden and freddy, luis, and nico! sydney is nice, but mexico is my home! poor me :-/
IM super hungry but have nothing at all to eat 
I'm super lonely and wish i had company 
Im super lost and super drunk, driving in eugene. Yay. 
I'm super sad face at the moment. Everything, my life during my hs years, are all the memories are GONE. My laptop officially broke .. 
i'm super sad now  my followers decreased by 2 
i'm super sad. I don't wanna go to work 
Im super sick of painting crosses  ! I wanna go to the malll.
im super sore  going to get my hair done. texts are coool.
Im super sunburned 
I'm super tired and want to be home in my bed.. 
iM SUPER TiRED JUST HERE AT WUK. WANTS TO GO HM TO MY BABE ALREADY 
I'm super tired. 
I'm suppose to be doing a few things right now, but since I didn't get my phone charger OR my camera yesterday, I'm can't do anything... 
I'm suppose to be heading to Chicago soon. I don't know with who. I know I'm related to them though. I&lt;3Chicago 
I'm suppose to be watching my favourite drama but I'm still outside. 
i'm supposed to be at the cmt awards 
I'm supposed to be in church. But mom hated that, so i'm at home right now.  - http://tweet.sg
I'm supposed to go to sleep but I'm really not tired. The one that went to sleep early was up but grandpa broke up the party 
Im suprisingly tired considering i slept on and off til 2pm (i didnt go to bed til 9am). This is good cuz i gotta wake up at 5:45am  
I'm sure all those packages I've added are fighting with each other, but I'm just stumped how to make my DVD drive actually play my DVDs 
I'm sure i just heard thunder   ... i hate thunder &amp; lightening it scares me.
i'm sure it was is there any left?? 
I'm sure it's more crowded here on a Friday than it has been the past few years. I'm going to miss all this  Hx
im sure its psychological but i can feel the crazy swelling in my leg tonight... most likely just coz im reading about it. stoopid leg 
i'm sure i've got a huge list of things to do but for the life of me i can't find it or be bothered to look -- i'm not well 
I'm sure missing a certain someone on this dreary, rainy day. 
I'm sure my baileys was off last night 
i'm sure these tracksuit pants shrank in the wash. my ankles weren't exposed before! 
I'm sure you've all watched Susan Boyle singing &quot;I dreamed a dream.&quot; No? I haven't dreamed in ages. 
im surrounded by losers. Anndddd therres a bee scaring the shit outta me. This sucks 
I'm sweating like craaaazy. Tis hottt here. 
I'm sweating like hell  the weather is so humid! If only Singapore have winter.
I'm sweating my forthcoming trip to E3.  If I can't find someone to crash with while I'm out there, I may be screwed.  
I'm sworn to secrecy and I'm not happy about it 
iM t00 CUtE t0 bE Bi! D0 Y0u N0t SEE tHE NAME? [DYkEY tYPE] 100% lESbiAN bAbY! S0RRY gUYSZ.. 
I'm taking a day home 'cause I'm still ill  the radio is keeping me with company though
I'm taking care of 6 people in the house. My sister, nieces, nephew, and mom since I'm the only one who isn't sick. 
i'm taking in painkillers tomorrow! my head/ear genuinely hurts 
i'm taking my whips &amp; chains, handcuffs &amp; blindfolds, candles &amp; nipple clamps and going home!   
I'm taking my wife to Wally World to buy MORE stuff for her damn classroom!!! 
i'm taking one exam and either going to lunch, or coming home and crashing.  still don't feel good &amp; still no phone. 
im talking to my friend. she is sick.   school was ok today
I'm talking with my friends... gotta go to my friends bd-party, but don't really care 
I'm Talkinq Tew PacoSanchez.. And Im New Foo this Is tripy 
I'm telling Rails/memcached to cache for 60.seconds. Rails/memcache caches for far longer, unknown how long 
Im telling you, twitter, dont drink so much coffee before you try to go to sleep. Rookie 
I'm temped to watch &quot;The Incident&quot; again tonight: http://bit.ly/jJvPb   Reruns are all we have for now.  lost (@donmelton)
I'm terrbily sad about the condition in IRAN ( justice is lost 
I'm terrible at the new SIMS 3 on my MAC &amp; iPhone! My SIM got killed by a monkey at work?  http://twitpic.com/6gcyr
I'm terribly disappointed in the Sims 3. 
I'm terribly itchy. Fuck pain medication. Fuck wisdom teeth. Fuck saying the word fuck 
I'm terribly sad I missed the first pedestrian sunday of the season  June 28 booked!
I'm terrified about the surgery next week 
I'm terrified ahead politics exam, I think of all my subjects that is the one I want to do well in the most. 
I'm the 2nd google result for the word 'skjelett' :| @superrdouche when you type in 'lorraine skjelett' your page is the 2nd link! Scary 
I'm the american poet. Trying to put love into a sonnet. &lt;3 I'm gonna miss those smrl boys 
im the bed right now  im feel so much sick u.u
I'm the bosses girl. Its hard work tho. Takes patience and A LOT of strength 
I'm the loser 
I'm the modern day equivalent of Humpty Dumpty. 
I'm the monkey in the middle of this 
I'm the only girl in my office. Somebody has cologne that smells like celery. 
I'm the only one on my team left here today. Work is so lonely right now 
I'm the only person here not in a frat or sorority...Just convinced all but 2 people to vote for TMac...theyre repubs 
I'm the only person on twitter (btwn those that I follow) that likes the Lakers.  I'm lonely.
I'm the only win7'er in the office so I get the cross browser testing job  So many browsers and virtual apps...
I'M THE ONLYONE IN THIS HOUSE WHO IS AWAKE! AND I'M NOT EVEN HOME.. IT'S 11:17 AM! WHAT SHOULD I DO?? :-o  I'M HUNGRYYYYYYEH! 
Im the proud owner of an iPhone 3gS! Not much diff really 
I'm the worst at going to bed. 
I'm the worst mother in the whole world. My baby fell off the bed and he has a lump over his eyebrow    I hate myself.
I'm the worst person ever. Totally forgot to take off my dogs electric collar before his walk 
I'm thinkin Albertson's has something against Cholula sauce... I can't find any... 
i'm thinkin bout practicing swimming, i'm sick of all my friend makin fun of me coa i'm not good at it 
im thinkin twitter sucks.. 
Im thinkin,, wots the point of me havin twitter when no1 ever talks 2 me,,, or replies 2 anythin i write 2 them    ?????????
Im thinking a workout for me 2day MITE not happen  Oh well..onto Drake &quot;Lust for Life&quot;
I'm thinking about early lunch &amp; quilting time.......or headache meds &amp; sitting for a while. My head is throbbing 
I'm thinking about how much I miss my boo 
I'm thinking about installing windows 7 on my macbook cause my stuff is lagging in vmware fusion  dont feel like it though
im thinking about my bf who went to arkansas a week early and i didnt get to see him 
I'm thinking Gabriella is going to have a black eye for her 1st sance recital. She walked into a door knob today. 
im thinking i might be selling my two technics sl-1210mk5s and my Rane ttm 54i.  
I'm thinking I should get another one... But I have to be awake by 6! 
I'm thinking it's bloody humide but please tell me if I'm wrong 
Im thinking my iphone is now running slower with os 3.0 on it 
I'm thinking Noah isn't going to go to sleep  ?me?
I'm thinking of becoming a Blackhawk fan 
I'm thinking pierogies for dinner tonight. We're out of sour cream, though. 
im thinking that homework will be the vain of my existence this summer 
Im thinking that im gona hve a depressing day today, 
I'm thinking that someone @ @FRC needs to think about a Friday night service I have a wedding 2 go 2 on 2morrow will miss the 7:30pm 
I'm thinking that with three grumpy kidlets, one sick Mama and a tired &amp; overworked Daddy, Friday Family Fun Night aint gonna be too fun 
I'm thinking the cooties are creeping up on me. 
I'm thinking the only thing more bullshit than an eigth grade graduation is that apparently my eyes see different colors 
I'm thinking too much.... I feel sad now 
I'm thirsty...and not looking forward to the IV today 
I'm throwing up non-stop, this is the worst feeling ever  I need you 
im tiered  why do I always work saturday. I need a coffee. Urgent!
I'm tiered of hearing the word &quot;leaving&quot; 
I'm tiiiired  Cally park soon, yes?
i'm tired   but i don't want to sleep, wtf
I'm tired  but DooDoo won't let me cancel. Here we go again
I'm tired  Derby Practice at 7!
i'm tired  got to stay up all day now. bbc says it's going to be chucking it down all day. so i might take my book to the bay, not barry.
I'm tired  Gotta start work in 5 mins though &gt;.&lt; Hoping the OJ will help...
I'm tired  I need to clean my closet..
Im tired  i really wanna go sleepy but i cant  plus im with nick on xbl hit us up&lt;3
I'm tired  I wanna go home!
im tired  need to rest for 'nother day in school
im tired  so not looking foward to work experience....
Im tired  Summer now yay!
I'm tired and drunk...best way to fall asleep but I'm not in my room and I still need to shower 
I'm tired and I don't want to go back to canterbury 
I'm tired and I really want to go to bed... but I still have work to finish. 
I'm tired and I wanna go to bed but I was stupid and told my husband about this app so now he is addicted and he wont get off...waaa  ...
I'm tired and I've had a lame day and have no internet. 
i'm tired and sooooooooo not foward to finishing my barely worked on research paper tommorow. 
im tired and want to take a nap but i cant when its hot out 
i'm tired and wish it was bed time.  lol i hate not sleepin at night 
I'm tired and wish there was someone up to talk to. 
I'm tired but I can't and don't wanna go 2 sleep. 
I'm tired but i can't fall sleep i just keep tossing and turning.  Ugh i gotta be up at 7 
i'm tired but i don't want to go to sleep 
i'm tired didn't sleep enough 
I'm tired from cleaning . . . yuck &amp; I smell like bleach! 
im tired i think im going to bed now   
I'm tired I wanna go home 
im tired i wanna go home watching americas next top model, NBA, and wizards of waverly place  lets go hooommmee !!
I'm tired like ouch 
im TIRED of all of that SHET.im tired, n i fell like i can't go on!  when happen this ? when did you do this to me? i wasn't that person 
I'm tired of all the rainy days  I'm freezing... and I'm hungry... Gardenburger &amp; Weeds time! 
Im tired of being ignored 
i'm tired of being seen as just a cute piece of ass 
I'm tired of buying a new pc notebook every 18 months or so 
im tired of feelin like this 
im tired of going to the doctors  
iM tiRed of it but DaMn i LoVe HiM 2 MuCh 2 Let Go!! Wher did i go wrong God?? 
I'm tired of looking like flippin' green she hulk. 
Im tired of musicians that only succeed because they have flippy hair and lip rings. 
I'm tired of researching media persons 
I'm tired of the sun.  It's not going away for days yet, but I'm done with it.  Where can I go to escape?  Sad, it's only in the mid 70's 
im tired of these hussie (@BscoTT26, @LuvNless35) doing hoodrat things without me! when i come in town dont nobody wanna do anything. 
I'm tired of wanting something that probably won't happen.  Yes, my positivety is gone for this moment...
I'm tired on Mondays no matter what   boo.
I'm tired people and I have summer school 
I'm tired think i'll have a early night got work at 6 tomorrow  but its money for some recording gear
im tired to  but i need to stay up
I'm tired today this morning. 
I'm tired today...all this dreary weather has me POOPED!!!  
im tired! i dnt feel like work 2day! 6 days strait for a 17 yr old is long and tough!!! 
i'm tired! so many activities!  
i'm tired, and have SAT testing tomorrow 
i'm tired, and i have a million things i need to do. plus i'm sorta hungry. i wanna be at the beach still.  
I'm tired, but can't fall asleep.  
I'm tired, but can't get to sleep! 
I'm tired, but I gotta get my homework done *Idontwannaidontwannaidontwanna!!!!!!* but I will anyway 
I'm tired, but I have to get ready to go have dinner soon so no time for a nap. 
im tired, but if I nap il never wake up 
i'm tired, but the bridge was awesome! now is the time for school work. 
I'm tired, goodnight.. 
im tired, i feel sick to my stomach &amp;&amp; i have a killer headache = no bueno 
Im tired, i really need to sleep, just saw my friend dancing dressed like a girl HAHA, i miss my boyfriend 
I'm tired, my foot hurts and kevin won't go to sleep 
I'm tired, stresed and annoyed with my parents 
im tired, yesterday wasnt as i had imaginated !  love ya ?
I'm tired.  i think i will sleep a bit now. boring day today .. nothing to do =/ buuuut.. in 4 days i will fly to LONDON! whoop whoop! â™ªâ™«â˜¼
I'm tired.  it's gonna be a long day filled with dbl espresso's
I'm tired. going to bed right now. tomorrow school 
I'm tired. I don't feel good. I hate this fat bitch in front of me. I miss my sexy boyfriend 
I'm tired. I think I'm becoming too old to go out.  
I'm tired. Just... so tired. 
I'm tired. Shouldn't have goten up this early. Oh well...now I need plans. car wash is cancelled 
I'm tired. Work tomorrow. Grauduate school in 2 weeks. I'll miss my class &lt;3 
im tired....... yet i cant sleep..... ew. exams  1 more.
I'm tired...but I can't sleep because my back is hurting 
I'm tiring of being tis sick. Wish I could call in sick but I'm already at work 
im to scared to explore  lol @thisismoe5
I'm told it's low odds that iPhone OS 3.0 will be available at midnight.  Source indicates mid-morning tomorrow (10-11).  Nerd bummer 
I'm too comfortable to go and get food... Plus it's too late to eat 
I'm too hot already today 
I'm too lazy to go to Eastwood tonight with Matt, Ern, and Jo-gel. Sorry guys. Maybe next time. 
I'm too picky, aren't I? I hate when fics don't sound right to me  It's happening a lot in this fandom. The writers are mostly quite young
i'm too sad to sleep 
Im too scared to go near the other afi fans...ima bum 
I'm too sick from my meds to even stand  FML
I'm too sick to sing with enthusiasm right now. 
I'm too sore for all that McLane. 
I'm too tired 
I'm too tired for Put Put 
I'm too tired to be nervous, I just want my bed. 
Im too tired to study today  but ill feel guiltyyyyyyyy
I'm too tired to work.... 
i'm too tired,i don't even use break while i'm driving 
I'm too tireddd 
I'm too warm, my room is too warm, and the shower will be too warm. Have no idea how to sleep tonight 
I'm too weak to open the pickle jar 
im toooooo hot 
I'm torn, do I get an extended warranty for my iPhone when mine runs out, or jailbreak? I've already got problems with battery &amp; earpiece 
I'm torturing myself by following @dunkindonuts. Still no Dunkin' Donuts in California  I crave a cruller.
I'm totally behind on my Dell bill 
I'm totally bored already and I just got up 
i'm totally confused how do i work out who's following me? Or is no one following me? Apart from alan? Hmm this is confusing  x
I'm totally getting sick. Not very awesome at all. 
I'm totally in the mood to make buttons, but all my supplies are at home 
I'm totally jittery right now! Ugh 
i'm totally missing youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
I'm totally not in the right mood  Eyqa Aufa!
I'm totally psyched to go to school on Wednesday. Went shopping today. didn't buy anything 
I'm totally sad.   confused too..
I'm totally wishing my melo worked 
I'm touching Kedsu's laptop (WOW, that's a huge surprise that she lets me use it). Anyway, going to the dentist today. 
I'm trÃ©s tired after the weight lifting 
i'm tragically hungryyyyy! but i dunno what to eeeeat! chicken? burger? pasta? seafood? 
I'm trapped in a thunder storm w/ my dog! 
I'm tres sad after watching some really old home movies 
I'm tripping.  I need a camera but I don't have the money to just buy a new one  http://myloc.me/2hCV
im tryin 2 figure out how 2 change my backround from taylor lautner to chris pine. not working 
IM TRYIN 2 FIND OUT HOW 2 PUT A PICTURE IN DA SMALL BOX! 
im tryin but its difficult 
Im tryin to get dun for the ladies retreat today n im running sooo late 
i'm tryin to vote for the Teen Choice Awards, but the stupid website wont let me 
Im trying 2 recover,too much chocs r bad if dats possible.... 
Im trying go get people to join twitter. Not going too well. 
I'm trying not 2 let my tattoo touch the pillow it isn't working so I'm looking 4ward 2 a beautiful inked design when I wake 
I'm trying not to be a freak and keep calling the vet to check on my cat but I'm gonna have to again, I hate not knowing whats happening 
I'm trying out Tweetie for OSX.  Pretty amazing interface but no groups.   That's one feature that might send me back to Nambu.
I'm trying to be ok, but I just don't think I am... 
im trying to call  @aaroncarter7 lol hes not answering  maybe hes like in the toliet or somthing
I'm trying to clean up my studio - HOW does all this paper get in here - gah!!! nobody's fault but mine 
i'm trying to download sims 3 for my ipod but i'm getting frustrated cause takes me to my billing info instead of using my gift card. 
im trying to eat healthy....but i just keep snacking 
I'm trying to email large files to someone, not working so well 
im trying to feel better i still cannot talk 
I'm trying to figure out how on earth I am supposed to be able to update my statuses via my phone. Someone help meeee! 
I'm trying to figure out how this new twitter app works on my phone I'm very confuesed right now and that's not good 
I'm trying to figure out how your face resembles a hot dog... But aww. 
Im trying to find a cheap round trip plane ticket for September to see my family and friends in NJ/NY. I'm not having any luck.  
I'm trying to find a layout that is different but screams out Keely... I'm not having much luck 
I'm trying to find the best remedy for a nasty sunburn...My poor tattoos are fried! 
I'm trying to get some sleep...but I can't sleep.  
I'm trying to go to dooce, but it just won't load 
I'm trying to go to sleep but i can't 
im trying to keep awake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its painful 
im trying to make a chicken soup like my mothers,... but without a recipe.. this will be interesting... and i cant find matzah. 
i'm trying to make everything fine. but i think i can't 
im trying to not hate everyone 
I'm trying to plan trips...low budget though...don't think it is working 
im trying to play the piano... except im horrible at it. 
I'm trying to stay out of the ER. Another damn kidney stone! Ugh. . . .  
I'm trying to stay positive but just found out I may have to stay in Natchitoches for school after all 
IM TRYING TO STUDY BUT I NEED CHANGE! 
I'm trying to survive this crazy heat 
i'm trying to test &quot;push notifications&quot; on my iPhone ...but no luck yet  Anyone got the iPhone 3GS ? any impressions ?
I'm trying to understand how twitter works!! waiting to finish my work! at 11 pm! 
i'm trying to upload the photo on twitpic but it won't let me cause my internet is tooooooo slow 
I'm trying to work out this Twitter  not easy but i'll get it  ?Gonna sing on karaoke now lol Robbie Williams
I'm trying to write, but failing. I'm going to take a break, and fill that break by washing the dishes 
Im trying! I've been tossin and turnin 
i'm tryna make @MicoleLynn my gf for the rest of the summer but she wont have me 
im trynna be strong, but the strength i have is washing away. 
I'm tweeting but none of my friends have twitter 
I'm tweeting from the new Tweetie for Mac. It's nice but I'm not sure if it holds up to the power and design of DestroyTwitter. 
i'm twittering almost half naked... too excited to watch Angels &amp; Demons.  wished he was here right now. 
i'm unappreciated 
I'm unbelievably tired...  
I'm un-believeably tired!! well thats what I get for staying up late!! 
i'm under 100 followers again  gosh darn. good mood atm. might have a bbq later. heat waaaave &lt;3
I'm unhappy tonight. I miss the boy-but can't figure out how much he misses me 
I'm unnaturally wiped out today.  Maybe it's because I never stopped moving yesterday? Ugggghhh I just slept for like three hours. X_X
im up  ..going to work!
Im up  and i miss her 
I'm up ! Thanks alot iinsomnia  anyways what's the bug deal with the laker parade?shit, ud think a riots bout to go down
im up and have to go to college for a a full day on my 2 lesson day  - silly high education!
I'm up and I feel very bleh right now... 
Im up and just getting ready to go to work for 6 hours.I dont want to go  tweet ya later xxx
I'm up and very sun burnt! 
I'm up at 2:30 am !!   but my baby is sick and he needed me.
I'm up at 5am without a particularly good reason 
I'm up at 7:30 on the day of prom because i have to decorate 
I'm up at enrichment time, I don't even have enrichment! But I have to pop out because I ate the last fruit string 4 my sisters lunch 
I'm up by myself now. 
I'm up early on a Saturday. I suck!  I'm really sleepy. 0_o
I'm up early on a Sunday.    The satellite dish company installed the wrong satellite and are coming back this morning to do it again.
I'm up for good now hubbys still not home 
Im up im in so much pain 
I'm up in 5 hours to go to a christening, wooo! Time to get the ol' shirt n' tie ready 
I'm up in AZ &amp; a little drunk. Who's partying in LA and feels like texting me? One of those weekends I really miss HWood 
im up its raining and I gotta go to work grr  can somebody call my work and say I've been kidnapped by Elliot lol =D
im up late nite 2 day.......... 2 much on my mind i jus cant fall asleep 
I'm up not and I still feel blah. It's not a great feeling to have.  
Im up not feel'n well going to the hospital 
im up now. gettin ready 4 school. 
I'm up so early! Happy Daddy's Day. Unfortunately, my father is on his way to San Fran.  A fatherless Father's Day haha Love ya dad
IM UP SO EARLY.  I wanna go back to sleeeeeeep.
I'm up still sleepy. I am hurting, glad I have my specialist appt today, I can't take this pain anymore.  Cruz's concert today! Yay!
im up super early and theres nothing on TV!!! 
I'm up super early for once. As might as weel head into work early and try to get some work done. I'm so tired, but can't sleep 
I'm up to early! 
im up too early 
im up waaaaay to Early 
im up way to early 
I'm up way to early  I could sleep so much longer
I'm up way to early today!  Work later.
I'm up way too early. 
I'm up way too early. My husband has duty at 7am and I need the car so I'm driving him to the ship. His 1st fathers day sucks 
I'm up way too late... what the heck!?  I hate falling asleep whilst working.
Im up wayy to late, and annoyed at a guy, think its gonna be hard to shake this on blah 
i'm up wayyyyyy too early today  ugh!
I'm up!  Yay (you see that...the upside down face it really says that I dnt want to be up see right there) *in doofinmeritz voice*
im up! eating oatmeal.... cardio burn class in 37min..... still no dot 
I'm up! Now off to work 
I'm up! The exams are so early in the morning... 
I'm up!!!  ... I got to go to class!!! 
I'm Up!!!!.. but wish I wasn't 
i'm up, and I have to focus on my math exam!  It's boring being me!
im up, I had a damn nightmare.  omgg. smhh.
i'm up, so much paperwork to do today. `n i'm kinda getting sick  not fun
im up,my car is gone 
I'm up. Goodmorning. Have to work on my portfolio. Deadline on Thursday! 
I'm up. Still hurting in my tooth hole - in fact kept me awake again.  Tooth above is throbbing as well 
Im up. Ugh. I think i broke my ankle 
Im up..cant sleep..bored..and this still sucks  ..
im up..had a lie in  woke up with a banging headache though  going to north wales tomoz a lovely 6 hour drive FUN FUN FUN xxx
im upset  i dont know if the story about davids dad is true??? 
im upset about the loss so im going to bed 
I'm upset because I missed the Kentucky Derby yesterday! 
im upset cause,i  really want to go america 2 see join my famo!! 
IM UPSET CUZ ONE OF MY BESTIEZ SAYN SHE KANT GO TO THA BEACH AND SHE'D MAKE IT UP BUT NOW IM BUMMED  MS.SMITH RN BSN
im upset that justin bieber is going to leave D.C. by the time me and morgan get there 
I'm upset that someone threw my milk glass away at Kyra's house. So what if it was a salsa jar? 
I'm upset there's no pingpong tomorrow 
I'm upset with Binh right now. He didn't show up today  I WANT MY BRACELET BACK BINH!
im upset, i will not see my boyfriend tomorrow for a week. i will miss you babee xoxoxoxoxoxo 
I'm urp! Urrr Physics and Maths...three hours dreaded wait inbetween them too  xx
I'm used 2 staying out/up till 230 - not getting up @ 230  I don't like this adjustment.....
I'm using my messenger again now. Will probably start using facebook again by tomorrow. Does anyone care I've been gone for 5 days? No. 
I'm using the new MacBook. OMG!!! It's not mine and I'm gonna have to give it back 
im using the ships computer. dont wanna be here...  were baking right now, dami pa namin dapat i-bake nag break lang me.
I'm verrrrry bored. 
I'm very bad today  headache, sickness,fear... wallow in self-pity and what not...
I'm very bored and I'm not looking forward to a crapy boring weekend. 
i'm very bored, waiting for @CamelCarcass to wake up, he wouldn't let me wake him up at 11.  &amp; got a postcard from @alexxandraftw
i'm very cold 
I'm very confused 
i'm very confused about registration STAN!! 
Im very crabby today  boo to being a woman...
I'm very dissapointed - one of the library computers doesn't have Adobe Flash 10 so I can't play mathletics! 
im very excited for kennethy cohens party on friday then billie schaubs going away party on saturday  dont move to chicago billie!!
I'm very frustrated.  Unpaid internship + broken camera + dwindling savings = not a very happy gal.  
I'm very glad Britney isn't crazy anymore! That was one hell of a show! Now I'm sad that it's over.  Next up...AP at Cook County!
I'm very hungry at the moment 
I'm very hurt! I don't want to have more accidents 
I'm very jealous of the cool little houses that Jon and kate built for their kids. I didn't have a little house growing up  lol
I'm very mad cause my stupid ichat account won't work!! The same thing happens every time! I have three accounts that don't work!! Ugh. 
IM VERY MAD RIGHT NOW... GEEEEZ........! i cant watch the awards cause its not appropriate for the CHILDREN. 
i'm very poor and can't afford to buy anything  i would like an iphone for the price of free #Squarespace
Im very sad because i have to go 2 whole months without sunny bunny 
im very sad Im not gonna be able to see my dad on Fathers Day 
I'm very sad today 
I'm very sad, so worry about people in #Iran 
I'm very sad. 
I'm very sad. A heron just ate my menagerie of koi this morning, they were big too &amp; dumb bird left their scales in the pond  heart-broken
I'm very sleepy tonight. It's been a long day for me. None of my friends are online..  
im very sore after duke of ed 
I'm very sorry about this. 
im very tired 
i'm VERY tired and of course my brother has all the energy in the world  this is going to be a very long day 
I'm very upset abt the missing plane...it's too scary 
im very upset that short stack didnt even say happy b.day to me  @andyclemmensen @shaundiviney @bradiewebbstack im going to bed now. x
I'm very upset with my self. I ruined my 6.5 year plan 
im very very bored.. i seriously dont know what to do now..  any ideas? 
I'm very very tired  Im in Baja!!! for the off road race Baja 500! we just got back to the hotel and im dying, but excited!!!
I'm very very very HUNGRY 
Im visiting my papa today. He leaves tonight  Im gonna miss him so much!
i'm voting for @youmeatsix for best british band at kerrang awards, then probably going to bed. all this exam failure has made me sleepy 
I'm vry bored. Can't you see it? 
im vurry cold 
I'M WAAAAAY TO SICK TO BE HAPPY 
I'm waiting around ... I hate waiting around 
I'm waiting but no result. 
im waiting for angels to save me! come come! aik. 
I'm waiting for Camp Staff meeting before bedtime   Can't be soon enough
I'm waiting for Leicester DLG, but no luck. sorry guys, I'll have to check in the morning 
I'm waiting for Mum to get home so she can take me to subway..she's taking foreverrrrrr! 
im waiting for my cousin  cuz i'll lend her my laptop...
im waiting for my cousin  cuz she borrowed to me.. my laptop D:
i'm waiting for my girl to get bk as she fly's to CA 2moz and i won't see her for 2 months! 
I'm waiting for my itouch to be fully charged. @toeslaughter isn't replying me on MSN!! 
I'm waiting for my ratties new home to be delivered and I have a feeling it won't be delivered today 
i'm waiting for my thunderstorm that doesn't seem to come  hahaha
I'm waiting for the 2nd date of the Blink-182 concert. stupid  live nation couldn't find me tickets. sold out! 
I'm waiting I couldn't do that to them  @AlexAllTimeLow @JackAllTimeLow @riandawson @zackalltimelow I am so sorry 
Im waiting on the tech people to talk to me about this. I have a bad feeling 
I'm waiting to go to the doctor for my eye 
I'm waiting tomorow 
Im waking up at freakin eight in the damn morning 
i'm waking up in two hours and thirty. 
Im walking around as Stewie follows me playing the tuba. 
I'm walking through battersea park and I must have eaten like 100 flies by now. It's full of then 
I'm wallowing in self pity, adoption laws are brutal 
im want to eat some fruits 
Im want to go home already  fuck
I'm was absolutely furious tonight, with myself.  It was bad, I cried.
Im watchin my cuzins kill my dogs on my nintendo 
I'm watchin the house wives of nj and omg I wanna b someonez wife    not wifey.    Wife.  There's a difference
Im watchin the never ending story, a classic 80's flick. I remember it being better when I was yunger tho......   
Im watching a movie with my madreeeee and ohhh chet its so sad! Im crying lol. Bleh i feel a little better. Had to get a shot 
I'm watching a scary movie by myself  Calvin&lt;333
I'm watching Click right now with Adam Sandler and I forgot how sad the end is 
I'm watching comedy! Yay lexi and Kerrie! I miss talking to the hot girl though. 
I'm watching conjoined twins on TLC. These girls are so inspiring..but what if one was ï¿½ber stupid..and what if one wants to sleep in? 
I'm watching Dateline while attempting to pack for my big move. I should've started earlier so I wouldn't be so overwhelmed 
I'm watching Edward Scissorhands...I love this movie, but omg, it makes me sad  lol
im watching golfon the weather channel . i dont care about stupid golf . 
I'm watching Grease,  I miss choir 
I'm watching House and I need a hug 
Im watching john and kate plus 8  its sad i want them to be together again
I'm Watching JUICE on BETâ„¢.. I hate it when network television edit out the good parts 
I'm watching Kendra and I really wish Holly, Bridget, and Kendra would be with Heff again! Heff seems like he really misses them. 
im watching 'La Rosa de Guadalupe', its very nice, tho its sad too  poor girl man. =/
I'm watching 'Marley and me', I'm crying because the filme is very sad.    XoXo.
I'm watching mtv true life its so sad 
Im watching narnia. &amp; i think im scared. 
I'm watching some medical show and this poor little girl had to have her arm amputated 
im watching the game woo woo, but i miss sam so muh  ha im such a loser &lt;3
I'm watching the Hangover and can I just say this movie makes me miss how I used to do vegas  
Im watching the Jonas Brothers Live chat Cause i missed it last Night  but  that im watchimg it now! 
I'm watching the last few eps of jay leno  so sad, he was always my favourite host!
I'm watching the lobsters in the tank...makes me a little sad.. 
I'm watching the series finale of Pushing Daisies. I wish it weren't ending.  
I'm watching the Tony Awards. As usual it's great and my only window to Broadway. Too bad I'll never see my name in lights. 
I'm watching The View ...dang. Was thisclose to trying sleep again. Day of Hot Topics. What to do? Recording device not connected new TV 
I'm watching this guy really try &amp; put the moves on some girl and she is shitting him soo hardcore. FAIL. poor lil boy.  LOL
Im watching this really sad movie on lifetime 
i'm watching this thing on a dwarf on tlc, it's making me so sad 
im watching this TLC show half-ton dad.. makes me NEVER want to eat again. poor baby devours 30,000 calories a DAY?! 
im watching tv at home wishing i could get a chicken shish delivered but not go enough pennies 
I'm watching tv!!! That must sound like a lot of fun Boohoo its raining 
i'm watching video's of the taylor swift concert i missed and it looks so amazing   next time for sure 
I'm watching Yes Man on DVD right now because I can't say no 
im watching yet again the sox get smoked by toronto. 
I'm way to hungry to even think. I can't go to work on an empty stomach like this 
I'm way too distracted. There is really no hope for focus right now. Oh poo. What about work? Not right now. 
i'm way too interested in resident evil 5. now i need a ps 3 and the game 
I'm wearing 2 inch heels and my feet still don't touch the ground at my desk 
I'm wearing flats today. Never thought I'd say this, but I miss my heels 
I'm wearing my 'Drug Expert' shirt from my College. Im going to miss my ex-blockmates.  I'm taking a year off College. Then change course.
I'm wearing nail polish that doesn't peal off, oh myyyyyy. This makes me very angry 
I'm wearing too many layers. 
I'm wearing TWO pair of socks and my feet are STILL cold.  It is too cold out here in the middle of nowhere, in the woods.
Im wearing two pairs of matching socks 
I'm weary now. Long day at work. Beer and scampi on the way. Must do some work before staff meeting in the morning! 
I'm weezing like a smoker. Media exam draggd. It's impossible to answer 15 questions in 2 hours, LONG questions!!!  2 exams left &amp; im free
I'm WET!!!!  ....spilled my tea all over my dress 
Im wide awake homie... They always had the tendency to sleep on me   ima wake em up though...watch!
Im wide awake, how very annoying 
im wishing i didn't have to go to school tomorrow. i really don't want to see the person who broke my heart. five more days and it's over 
I'm wishing someone was in town 
I'm with @emurleexx and we are mashed!!! Timefor bed, we missed curfew 
im with connnnnnor (:  he stayed last night .   but i need to revise for chem 
I'm with Lani and don't want to study 
im with my best fraind kathy by a very good fraind ;)hehe  is boring in germany 
I'm with my daughter at the library. Today would have been my dad's 60 bday! this month has been sucky. I'm so terribly sad. 
im with randy! i hope startrek is on.   LIVE LONG AND PROSPER MY FRIENDS
I'm wondering how my friend D is doing. Haven't heard from her since last Thurs 
I'm wondering how on earth could I finish my weekends in Miri, Sarawak? Hmm.. 
I'm wondering if I'll ever get @chet_cannon to reply to me, we have the same glasses, I was hoping that would count for something 
I'm wondering if I'm ever going to see the SUN again! Geeez Louise! I'm starting get depressed and unmotivated!!! 
I'm wondering if the reason why I haven't heard from my Hong Kong friend the past few days is bc of the recent website blocks in China. 
I'm wondering if we should go away for the weekend. D.C. ideas never took off... 
i'm wondering just how long migraines last, and how comes this one is just not letting up even after pain meds 
I'm wondering when I'll finally get a good sleep!! I'm so tired and still can't get any rest 
im wondering when my damn mouth is going to stop hurting from getting my tooth pulled on TUESDAY! Ugh! oh &amp; Im SINGLE now! so sad! 
I'm wondering where Wallaby went. Did he move out? Why can I no longer steal his internet? 
I'm wondering why @chelseaambrosia and @fr0gsmak are talking about where I'm moving? I have a bad feeling it won't be good 
i'm wondering why @noahmcclain hasn't texted me back all day. i miss him 
i'm wondering why taylor lautner (and not robert pattinson) is on the latest book cover for new moon 
I'm working 10-7 then packing when I get home 
I'm working alone today..  borrrinnngg. Maybe I'll work on my Mario Kart score.
I'm working and the weather is gorgeous 
I'm working at FYE from 2-9:30 pm today so no tweeting from me after like 1:30 
im working at the oasis gig on sat and @fhoxyd cant go so ive to go on my own  anyone else working?
I'm working on a presentation about the french global revision of the public's politics 
I'm working on getting my self healthy again .. I've been very sick for a week now 
I'm working on my birthday!!!  Darren's just left for London. Did I leave anything out?
I'm working on the best site ever - www.block11.ca but I can't cam up because I'm so dark, the camera cant pick me up. 
I'm working out then going into the office on this beautiful day 
I'm working today with a huge case of strep throat.. it's not pretty 
I'm working tomorrow   Dunnes sucks 
I'm working with an idiot 
I'm working... bad weather today 
im working..... busy busy! @missmarlyn i love jamba! 
I'm worn out and sweaty. Alas there was no naked fun involved. Pity, 'cause I have a real need for some of that. 
I'm worried  lol
I'm worried about @jessiimiica 
I'm worried about lindsey. 
i'm worried about my papa     
im worried about myself tweeting less and less each day  not much goin on this unpredictable friday night
I'm worried about Simon 
I'm worried about steven 
I'm worried about two of my friends  I need comfort cake...
I'm worried about whats going on in iran  looks like another fitfull sleep for josh
I'm worried because poncho is sick  I can't sleep...
i'm worried now for my grandmother 
I'm worried that my iphone 3gs won't make it tomorrow since it's still sitting in Kentucky.  Still no delivery date listed.  
I'm worried that there is not one single MP that has not claimed bogus expenses! 
I'm worried, wow i feel like i have a boyfriend but i dont which is what makes it even weirder. I hope you're ok 
i'm worry for a friend  she is ill and far away in columbia :S
im writing a script for a comedy film but running out of ideas 
im writing an exam on a SATURDAY  that should be illegal  where's my weekend?
I'm writing.  For fun.  That's right!  No deadline, no work, just fun. Too bad shiny purple netbook didn't arrive today  That would be fun
I'm yawning in church! But.... Running on stage with the fab Ms. Ashley Guin last night was great!!!! Miss it! 
im yellinq at ma mummyy  !! lol .. she is ANGRY AT MEE  !! 
I'm yet thinking of earthquake in Abruzzo(Italy) 
I'm. So. Tired. 
I'm... not liking this. Guys, I just forgave you on the rules changes... wth? No Wrath? No good counters... ? I hate playing creatures. 
Ima b in this car for 8 hours 
ima call it a night got my room bac  evrybdy sleep ;) yah now I got to move this heavy lil girl w/o wakin her up  gud night twitterlan ...
ima chill at the bar tonight.  i couldnt record all day 
ima cry   i have 1 of those headaches that i get annoyed wit everything anyone says
Ima exercise...maybe. Yeah. I will 
ima go crazy with out him...  oh' well...thats life....I think i'm finally seeing the bigger picture...and I'm in love...
Ima keep everyone updated throughout the school day.  Off to school we go...in the rain 
I'ma miss having you &amp;&amp; YoungKing'z pic in my page   ...I'ma sleep thiz one off...car iz coming 2takeme 2 the airport @ 6:45a...GOODNITE
ima miss katarina  only gets to see her every 2 years &lt;/3 &quot;i came back to give you another hug 'cause i love you so much! i'll miss you!&quot;
ima miss the Tony awards tonight 
ima miss watchin DH 
imA sucker for sephora lately! I wish I got paid for being a SAHM 
Ima try and sleep after family guy. Will prob fail again like last night 
iMac needs new video card 
Imagine â€“ John Lennon ; Colors of the Wind - Vanessa Williams ; Twitter, please let me sleep 
Imagine having your election stolen, ballots burned, results are lies, then you plan a protest &amp; rumors are it's not a &quot;legal&quot; protest. 
Imagine if people didn't buy gas for an entire week? I wish the American people could do such a thing, but we won't, me included. 
imax theatre tomorrow... monsters vs aliens. i wanna see star trek 
iMgoingtosleep. why? im so lonely 
IMing cass. no, mom won't buy me the tickets anymore  haha.
Imisshersomuch 
imissu, come back home now honey 
iMissyou baby    !concrete feet!
imissyou lah. 
imissyou&amp;ineedyou :/ i know i shouldnt, but youre the only person to hold the black key to my heart  it all makes sence now.
imm currently failing a science test 
imm so excited!!! youre gonna get it!!! I wish you the best!!! love uu popoo hahhahaha im doing homework   summer hah is coming very soon
Imma admit, Eddie's death still aint sunk in  R.I.P Latino Heat, Eddie Guerrero
Imma be ALONE for the rest of my life ugghhh 
imma bored i've spent the past 4 hours cleaning my room and sorting through my clothes i didnt relise how untidy it was 
Imma fail my exam tomorrow uh-oh :/ need to do revision 
imma head on to beddy bye land.  gendudâ™¥danny
Imma miss @shelyndsey... 
imma miss my baby 
Imma miss my other half so much.. I Cant stop crying for some reason..going on 2 days none stop   -heartbroken 
IMMA NEED @CDoWD3LL AND @Trinity_B 2 MAKE UP!!!!!!! 
Imma Press Conference- Your nothing  more then a Conversation  LoL
iMma sLeep tOo !! gOod niGht gUys !! ... tHis pErson nEver gEts on yAhoo .. 
imma try to sleep...but i dont feel tired at all 
immensely jealous of you all enjoying the sun.  i am hunched over dusty documents in a gloomy office, trying to finish a report  x
Immm Sooo Mad at you Rite now 
immm soooo bored and missing my bby and im sooo cold  why cant he come here and give me cuddles 
I'mmo miss @deadeyelane. 
immortal words even...hehe. Going to make conscious effort to be more  than 
iMovie HD is taking for ever to Import the videos 
Impatient and angry drivers are out today  Chill out!
impatiently waiting 4 the work day to end.... 
Implemented new SCCM MP for SCOM R2... Full of bugs - took us several hours till now ... 
Import result: System.OutOfMemoryException  Will try again next week.
Important info http://bit.ly/EDqOh (via @RetroRewind) this makes me really really sad 
impossible to wake up today 
Impossible to wake up. I am late 
impossibly tired today...considering a coffee run since our coffee is non existent these days 
Improvaganza! With Sabrina! Oh free tickets don't actually apply 
Improved on all my past SAT scores! I'm pretty happy. Today kind of sucked. Tomorrow probably will as well. Physics presentation. 
Impulsively bought 3 dresses....... only one turned out to be good 
imy.. very much.. 
In #traffic 
IN $RF @3.94 - target $5.30.  OUT $DNDN @$21.85 near days low 
In &amp; out of cellphone coverage  Bye y'all!
In &quot;Interpersonal Skills&quot;. Someone please talk or I may just die 
In 1 horse town + 2 blown out car speakers = 
in 1 hour (kinda late right? nah) i'll b watching a movie call apt pupil 1 of my fav's ones! R.I.P bradley boy 
In 1 hour my 2pm-10pm shift will have started  depressing...
in 13 days I will switch over to my new username of AlamarCavada.  I hope my followers follow me.  Alamay will be no more.  
In 1977, Elvis Presley made his final live concert recordings in Nebraska. He died two months later, and I haven't been the same since. 
in 2 hours, it will officially be a week before school reopens  hope swine flu gets real bad that hols will be extended for another week x
In 2 weeks I've lost all my strength &amp; stamina! This is an outrage. Damn you Turkey &amp; Brighton. I'm gonna weep in2 my cheese salad sarnie 
In 20 minutes I will be In SCHOOL, and in 4 hours I will be home from school...4 hours after that, I'll be back in school for 4 hours... 
in 48 hours i will be dreading a history exam 
In 5 minutes my birthday is over 
in 7-11  w/o you
in 72 hours i will be dreading a chemistry and english exam 
In 7th period. No roadtest appts until after i come back from france 
In 8 days it will be the one year passing of my granny passing. Let the TEARS begin 
In a .jp restaurant, and they are playing a song that I've been trying to hunt down for the past few weeks. Someone's playing with me 
In A and E arts Stephani's horse fell on wet ground and she landed on her head 
In a bad mood  someone please cheer me up 
in a bad mood  taking duke for a walk..
in a bad mood as there is apparently no sun cream 'that is mine' so now i don't wanna go out cause i'll burn 
In a bad mood now  So long awesome mood day 
in a bad mood. i know no chemistry. at all. fail 
in a ball in my bed... my tummy hurts 
In a big hurry! Late for appointment due to my work on my site 
In a big mess. Gold glitters everywhere. No idea about hairstyle and make up. Incomplete props. HELP!! I want to sleep already. 
in a bit of pain cuz wisdom teeth came out yesterday. 
In a Blah sort of mood. Here @ tempermentals. Realizing it was dumb 2come, i have 2work in the am.  but my babe is coming.  &lt;ShHhH...&gt;
In a cab headed to breakast for a quick meeting before my GRE Kaplan class. I'm always late. 
In a cab on the way home from lions. Lost.  http://myloc.me/2MHX
In a cab to rjcccc for history lecture. I want to be at kcp  - http://tweet.sg
In a car. Driving 2 hours north of San Fran to ukiah. Getting sick into a trash bag about every 10 minutes. Shoot me now 
in a cytber cafe, they got around 30 pcs and all of their default browser is IE6 
in a few hours im getting ready to go see the melbourne comedy festival!!! WOOO (cant wait) and doin my english assignment 
In a freakin tour bus thingy with my whole family!! Road trip too Florida urgh I'm already car sick!!! SAVE ME!! Ny I'll c u later 
in a free art lesson, everyone in bad moods cos of the option and no one talking to me 
In a fucking diet that is making me wanna cry all the time! I just can't eat! 
In a funk I cant seem to snap out of....BLAH! 
In a funk... 
In a funk....SilverState has cancelled the show at Dugan's  
in a funk...not happy.  don't know why.  
In a hair saloon. It's scary... 
In a history class 
in a horrible mood  im so tired but i cant sleep!   2 days! wtf!!  i really want to sleep
In a horrible mood and looking forward to getting away a while. Misery 
in a horrible mood that i can't seem to get rid of.  hopefully passing out soon.....
In a LOT of pain 
in a lot of pain  my dog tripped me while running on the road and I am now all scratched up!
in a lot of pain and can barely move my legs  Thank you to all my friends helping out today, I appreciate it more than you know
In a lot of pain now. UHH I want these three weeks to go by fast! This Sucks. Looks like no NY for me. 
In a lot of pain.. I think I must have slept wrong last night and really hurt my back.. I can't get comfortable today  Tylenol not helping
In a meeting 
in a meeting discussion colour of bikeshed 
in a meeting series... 
In a meeting with @kdenise planning CEO for next year's HS students.  We were stood up by @awwyche and her partner in crime, Corey Smith 
In a milk free zone this morning; no tea or coffee 
In a moment of grace, I slid down a muddy bike path and now have an assortment of beautiful scraps... and I'm walking like a retard 
In a music fest, making the playlist for my formerly-big-ass party. Trying to mix hip hop and retro, and feel like I'm failing misearbly. 
In a music fest, making the playlist for my formerly-big-ass party. Trying to mix hip hop and retro, and feel like I'm failing miserably. 
in a newsroom meeting, dying for caffiene! 
In a rather somber mood, I just want to be with my fam right now. They wasn't lying when they said life isn't fair 
In a ridiculously bad mood, what the eff man?? 
In a room full of people. . Not 1 of them are good looking.  lol x x x x x
in a sad mood all of a sudden ..http://bit.ly/3xM28  
in a serious shopping mood today...too bad i'm stuck at work 
In a serious state of depression about rafael nadal. Possible drinking away the pain or crying into a pint of ice cream 
In a significant amount of pain after having had a tooth out yesterday...only a dull pain instead of a stabbing one now but still hurts 
in a strange music demographic: over the 80kids era hiphoppers. fuck da teenyhopper, tired of oldschool/neo soul 
In a taxi to waterloo searching for the funeral march on my iPhone 
In a training till Thursday...my Twit ratio will take a hit this week 
in a very stress mood 
In a world of hurt with intestinal distress 
in acaoulcoO...  i had 2 miss my friends plans... SO SAD!
in accra!! last night with Jamee and Jackie 
In airport .. Me n 5azan aka rsso kissing busts aka 3noud goodbyes  .. Usa arms  wide open ! Bustyy comin
In akhir husanah, my eyes still red 
In Albucrazyy, NEW MEXICO!  I miss my babygirl! 
In Alexandria. Almost home  So much to do before tmrw though 
in Alice Springs (been here since Wednesday). first day off - will get a ride in then catch up on all that overdue work 
in all nerdom, I wish I was at E3  
In all the E3 madness, I forgot about Conan!  LAST CHANCE for Nintendo today (Noon ET) and can Sony steal the show from Microsoft (2 ET)?
In all this dang traffic  http://twitpic.com/7ucvi
in alot of pain  really wanted 2 go out 2nite aswell,not good!!
In alot of pain. Im tired and bored 
In an homage to HIS GIRL FRIDAY, I decided to rock a pencil skirt &amp; a wide shouldered belted sweater. No iPhone = no pic  #squarespace
In an IT course today, nice weather outside....though....... 
In anatomy and physio classes and lab till 12:30 
In anatomy until 3:00  you know the drill.
In another boring meeting 
In Arabic class.  to further explanation needed, right?
In argos buying a new sky remote - ours broke 
In Atlanta! Having so much fun!! I'm about to go to the pool now. I miss my home in Savannah, GA already 
in backstreet reLationship 
In Ballarat with my family. Nonno's in hossy 
in baltimore with my momma enjoying the beautiful view of the harbor from our hotel room! just wish the weather was nicer 
In Baltimore!!! The O's game was great too bad we lost.. 
in bed -- eventually sleeping, stupid work tomorrow.   nighttt twitter!
In bed - is anybody up to anything interesting? I'm so bored  and cold! Damn rain and Welsh weather!
In bed ... to get up or to stay in bed??? It is sunny out 
In bed and sufering from a nasty cold D&lt;, it summer and i am in side 
In bed at 9:20pm. I am lame. 
in bed because of allergy 
In bed but cant sleep  too much to think about!
In bed but the monitor won't let me sleep  need a good night's rest atleast ONCE!!!!!!
In Bed Can't Sleep.. Hate Bank Holiday Mondays Its Jus Like Another Boring Sunday..!  x
In bed eatin chicken hmm ... I miss my booboo hes in rotterdam  goodnight urbodyy xxo!
In bed ill, not ill ill, just a migrane...feel exhausted! Want to be in school, hate letting them down... 
in bed might have to work for a little bit on my day off 
In bed now, gonna have to do that sleep thing. I hate sleepin, there's so many better things I could be doin with my time ;) night 
in bed now. wish i had someone to cuddle with me 
In bed reading Now mag. Feeling v tired &amp; bit rough after y.days hosp visit. Missing @mjh81 in bed with me though!  so glad its the wknd!
In bed shivering and cold, ughhhhh 
in bed still  i think i have swine flu..
In bed still sick  and still kinda got no voice, I won't b a school 2mo!!
in bed still....  Soooo hope i feel well enough to get to britney tomorrow 
in bed thinking about how much i miss my sister 
In bed trying to get over sinus infection 
In bed trying to go to sleep cause i have work at 8am tomorrow but i can't sleep cause my back hurts real bad 
In bed trying to sleep..Dont feel like going to work tomorrow!! 
In bed with a 103 degree fever. Maybe winning #Squarespace would help. 
In bed with a cold - feeling very miserable 
In bed with a splitting headache 
In bed with a stuffy nose, vics &amp; kleenex right next to me 
In bed with freezing toes  but the apprentice final was fab + have more goodies for sale.
In bed with heinous illness. Better now than when I gotta record I say. Wish I could taste my dinner  Cue the Cup a soups!
In bed with mah baby, dead tired. Church tomorrow...praise Jesus!  Night, y'all! xs
in bed! I hate when Joshy leaves!! 
In bed, drinking tea, and watching TV. Woo for tummyaches. 
in bed, missing her more than ever... hate when shes acting like this.. 
In bed, not at all well 
in bed, not feeling good 
In bed, on my phone living off NextG cause my normal interwebs is being stupid 
in bed, revising for exams  any girls want to help me out of boredem? x
In bed, tired  trying to revise spanish oral questions!
In bed, wanting some attention 
In bed, watching hes just not that into you... its so funny but true! Back to work tomorrow 
In bed. My aura is gonna be horrible tomorrow 
In bed.. Feeling the hangover... Ugh! 
In bed.hungover.com wish i was still asleep 
in bedbed up early tomorrow to shop in provincetown. last day in cape cod 
in better news i took a long nap this afternoon. the bad part is now i cant sleep 
in biology, kathryn's not here  sun burn hurts!
In Brighton - 3:01:40 one minute over 
In Broadripple! Wuhoo! Fun times!! Im just so tired though, and I wanna go to bed.  It was a super long day...
In Brooklyn for our first rehearsal since the arlene's gig. Looks like it's gonna rain.... No umbrella 
in bruggerss.... bored! not taking an exam till 12...  hope i dont failll!
In B-town. Flight delayed 4 4hrs  Did dry run of my pitch to the Westcon Group tomorrow. They have a confidence monitor. Whew! #TheVibe
in bus now.. no chargin point this time 
in business and sooo bored and tired 
In cafe management, the end of the month is nothing but numbers. My arty little head hurts from finding discrepencies 
In Camp and sick! 
In campus all alone. No one comes yet 
in cancun..missing you babe  i love you
In case I fall alseep..g'nite twitterverse..dang I'm old 
in case you didn't know it, the taco bell in san luis obsipo is absolutely awful and has caused me to not be able to sleep tonight 
In case you haven't heard, iPhone 3GS launches tomorrow: http://bit.ly/17Ty6q Sadly, I have to wait until after work to get mine. 
In checkout line...kate &amp; jon splashed all over us weekly. sad 
in chemistry 
In chemistry class 
In chicago. I need a nap! 
In Chicago... For like, FIVE minutes! 
In church lol I wanna go back to bed. zZzZz Went sleep at 5 am yesterday. 
in Clarky's class...feeling sorry for Nile 
In class  am so bored.
in class BORED! 
in class till 9  bored. helpp.!!
in class tryin to do my work but i cant coz my sunburn hurts to much, if anyone pokes or slaps it again im going to punch them 
In class until 420!!!  leave me some love!!!
In class waiting for the bell to ring  and rocking out to music 
in class with a bitch from hell. i keep getting dirty looks from her...im terrified cuz she looks like she's going to hit me again 
in class. don't wannan be here 
in class. im EARLY. bummed RYAN SEACREST never talked about the hills while I was on my way to school 
In classsss,,  want to leaveeee.  graduates.....
In coach heading from Stansted to Liverpool Street Station and feeling pretty ill 
In coatbridge scared for my life  iran is safer than this 
in college trying to work!!! but i cant!!!! 
In college without a UCAS buzzword. 
in columbus, ohio for the week for training. missing the husband and our new house! 
In complete utter shambles.. no bueno 
In concessions all week. Hopefully i can get back on track with my drawers. I don't like not being even. 
in condolences to Millvina Dean (d last remaining survivor of d sinking of d Titanic in 1912) 
in cornwall, turns out they do have internet but only ethernet  so i have just stole my brothers laptop for a bit!
in costas cappo+panini 4 ï¿½5 deal. blood boiling further revelations in SunTelegraph as bloke nr me shouts into mobile in foreignese 
In couple of hours.. tomorrow will be hitting the calendar again  Thankfully, I finally memorized Qwerty...
in cyber....i stil dint get my laptop repaird 
In Da Crib The Past 2 Days Sick  Hate Bein Sick Hittin Up Secrets Friday Or Grabbin A Bottle.. Class 2Morrow UGH!!{Classy Bitches On Deck}
In Dallas enroute to Boston! Disappointed in my Au Bon Pain soup 
In DC for a work meeting. Wish I had time to enjoy the city, but not really on this trip. 
in del rio chillin...i got my wisdom teeth pulled out in Acuna today...not as bad as i thought but still.... 
In desperate need of a full body massage...sigh 
in desperate need of a self-esteem boost   
in desperate need of an external hard drive  my lappy's full!!!!! bahahaha *sigh*
in desperate need of some tweets to cheer me up 
In desperate need of something I can simply not have.  current mood- deprived!
In desperate need ot sum D-HALL time  I love my babii
in desperate need to have my laptop back!! I am lost without it, it's been too long 
In dire need of a wash &amp; set, mani &amp; pedi   ~$kittle$~
In downtown Paterson, NJ.  New rule: black women should be barred from wearing blond weaves.  
In Drivers Ed  then dance.
In Dubuque checking out casino. Riverboat has been closed 
in edinburgh. just had a chinese yum! better take wee haggis out hes cryin at me   dunno y tho xox
In english  watchin a borin Film  xx
in english being bored to death 
In English have cramps 
in erie its 46degrees. its 2 cold for june 1st! 
in exactly a month.. my BABY brother will be 21. dang, im old. 
In exam room reading chritian mortality....bit explicit here ;) haaaahaaaa wonder if well all fail german today?! Lol miss 10Q!! 
in exams most the day tuesday, no exams wednesday, but i have thursday and friday!  cant wait for next weekend already
in fact, am still hungry  
In fact, I hope I get my cut today. Amal's away this weekend 
In fairfax but not to see luke &amp; todd play 
In Fayettville, NC for the next 10 days 
In fiction...sitting down..my feet hurt! 
In flordia with no internet. Boo guess twitterberry is going have to work for this week 
in florida... back in london on thursday 
In floridaaaaaaaaaa. Too bad our tvs didn't work on jet blue! 
in foods by myself cause mins not here  listening to family force 5 (: &lt;3 63!
in for a long day of exam prep 
In for a long day. Looking foward to an epic show. Not to mention a ROUGH  morning on Monday. 
in for another SUPER boring night in the house....  im so bored
in for the kill with upper extremity... 
In for the night early! I'm mad iI'm not in Miami with my girlsfor Dess birthday...had important meeting and now I can't go! 
in Fort Worth, TX...just moved DeAnna into her apartment and had visited the seminary.  Have to say goodbye in the morning 
In Fortaleza with a flue 
in freeport, no phone service ohh 
in french, watching some wierd french movie 
in fucking painn ! can feel another night dripped up in hospital coming up  dnt even have the appendix anymore and there stil causing pain
In GB! stupid rain i wanted to go to the pool 
in Genting now! But I now at gohtong jaya using com... 
In Germany is tomorrow school  we had hollydays for 2 weeks it was really great but it is over *cry*
in germany there is no tweetdeck in the app store  http://bit.ly/vUgLY
in germany we can watch new moon in janurary 
IN GERMANY! 1:43h but I cant sleep...Jetlag 
In glasgow raining  decided in not one for talking
In good news, Martha got her new sails. Now we just have to raise money for the mast ... it has to be trucked in from Oregon. 
in good news: Have probably found the new apt. bad news: now I have to pack up &amp; move. 
in graphics ...my friend never showed lol what a &quot;friend&quot;  
in Great Yarmouth. With a headache or a migraine whatever it is it hurts 
In Gym class  lol hating everything
In Hammond for the day.. My bug bites hurt!! 
In Hawaii. Hot 
in high school...the next weekend 5examns... 
in history class 
In History class. Learning about the slaves. I`m bored 
in history.. 
in hollywood video right now. anyone know a good movie? i really cant find anything.  Dream* 
In hopital after loosing right leg in an accident, I wasn't at faught. 
in hospital waiting to have a ct scan... so scared  i just want daniel
In hot hot french soo hot ahh im annoyed im hot allowed to go swimming hmmm my tooth hurts 
In ict going to mass  noooooooooooo
In indiana. Theres something about this place that i like. People are so nice but the accsents...the only downside to this place. 
In IT veryy bored  PE next as well  its no my day!!!
In jamui, bihar right now there has been no electricity for 48 straight hours 
In JB, cranky as hell. Premenstrual Syndrome 
in Johor Bahru, Malaysia @ Family house. WTF the Taxi in Lakin still refused to use taximeter and asked me to take Premiere Taxi!!!! 
In joule library, but no good books to read 
In just 2 years dhoni transformed himself from an &quot;outstanding captain&quot; to a potential &quot;out standing captain&quot; .... what a shame 
I'n just gonna slow down before i continue to make myself look completly bad. 
In Kansas City, MO and it's humid here! It's been a long day 
In Kennesaw....have classes at 8 in the morning 
in Kilcoy. drove past meatworks, reminded again of why I don't eat red meat. 
In KL now took wrong turn after Sg Besi now jam in city center 
In LA and the weather is not good! The weather back home in PA is better! 
in LA, trying not to think about him being gone 
In lady lake for a bit i guess? I hate being stuck somewhere. 
In laws are leaving today  
In le avid suite, trying to log on and failing 
In 'lemott' bus of the day !! Aaaaargh,damn annoying !! And jakarta is too hot for me today,I'm melting !! Sucks !! 
in less then a min i lost 2 followers 
in library, hungry and bored 
In line at ApPLe on 14th street .... And realizing that NYC men are hotter then LA men .... 
In line at Kimmel it is hot!!! And sad Virgin is gone  H&amp;h looks so empty! R.I.P. Record stores
In line for coffee, damn it. Still upset they closed Java n Jazz!!  
In line for Kogi BBQ! I'm at the end thooe'  Anyone want to let me cut, hehe.
in London all week  and train delayed for 1 hour in the middle of no where.
In lonely status. 
in love with her flowers, it will be tragic when they die 
In love with my girl, even though we spent part of the day together, i still miss her. cant wait til she's back in my arms 
in love with the old coheed&amp;cambria stuff... again. back in trier. home &lt;3 ... but leaving again tomorrow 
In love with the weather so annoying how i have to work though 
In Luxembourg - lovely sunshine but gotta be indoors working 
In ma own house now  BORED ! w8in oan the xbox - steve is playing  Be oan at 2 ! yass COD 4 n the usual party !
in mac again, Kana buying food. My hair is messy! All full of sweat!  - http://tweet.sg
in Macomb visiting my dear sweet lil bro and his friends are all racist sexist jerks! 
In Maine now. Head hurts.  
In Mama San for dinner and catch up with school colleague-still no word about my secondment being extended though 
In managerial accounting... the first meeting = new assignment! wow, thanks a lot! now i have work to do 
in math class...this is going to be the longest 4 hours of my life mon wed fri 
In math klass bored as hell!  urghhhhh i hate math!
In math totally bored 
in media doing coursework which i really cannot be asked to do but i need to do  plus i just had my chemistry gcse which was hard 
in media techh all alone again!  inche dora &amp;&amp; mark
In meetings all day 
In memory of Farrah Fawcett...we will miss you 
in mi house! 
in Miami eating at Flanigan's. they serve dolphin  don't worry they only eat the once that rape people! haha
In montebello. Can't believe they closed uncle robbie's  loved that place.
in mood to play CS... reliancebrdbnd sucks... 
In more pain this morning. Why does my stupid foot have to be sprained this weekend? This weekend I had plans. Last weekend Boston plans. 
in mourning. ...the weekend is over 
In my attempt to see how late I can sleep and make it to work I realized I'll always fail as no one expects me to show up at a set time 
In my basement listening 2 my parents argue over their divorce 
In my beautiful T-Shirt, thinking about my week in the UK 
In my bed and can't sleep 
In my bed, drinking red bull, alone at home, with no where to go - there is the party, but I can't go there...  This weekend sucks!
In my bed, drinking red bull, alone at home, with no where to go (actually there is the party, but I can't go there...). 
in my bedroom...rockin out to my new JB cd. YES!  and Kayla and her friend are making fun of me.  Maybe it's my huge pink bow?
in my bid to single handedly rid the world of swine flu my bacon intake has made my clothes tight  time for the bike!
In my defense she always arrives late and airport parking is brutal...how was I to know today would be the exception 
In my final derivatives class   Time to save the world!
In my grandparents' backyard playing with Timmy. Getting ready to leave soon   -*Les*
IN MY HAUSE ALONE!!! 
In my home packing it all up holding on 2 the wonderful memories, momories ill treasure for ever  http://myloc.me/4Met
in my home town we have a strom and is raining  
in my last global class with ms.kalmeta 
in my livingroom lying on the couch - might have to stay off all week  xx
In my new place. Now what? I guess its time to do some homework. 
In my office doing work  womp womp
In my relationship and families class, talking about divorce... What a bummer 
in my room its too damn warm! windows open but im still cooking ! 
In my usual seat upstairs on VS20 home from San Francisco... 
In n Out needs to deliver. it's one of those days that requires a double-double, and I can't get one. 
In nancys room studying for earth science exam tomorrow  blahh text?
in need of a chic flick 
In Need of a good work out! 
In need of a goodnight sleep. Tahitian camp tomorrow, I need to find my sleeping bag 
in need of a major smoke sesh fer sure. its coldddd  and im hungry  hawaii sounds amazing right now.
in need of a massage 
in need of another like, 3 hours of sleep! im drained &amp; the day hasnt even started yet! :O BAD HAIR DAY 
In need of food and missing my baby 
In need of some cuddle time.... 
In need of some good photos for art tonight. Am not prepared and got nothing to paint 
In need of: Beer and Kebab meat. Not going to get it though 
In new jersey!... Let the boredom n lonliness begin 
In nj. plz make the rain stop  #fb
In North Hollywood surviving  the flaming sun!!! 
In NY, the pressure is on.... AEL assignments are killing me 
in NYC having a kick ass time. The only flaw: no RPattz sightings   C'est la vie.
In ocean city till Friday for AVP! Then of to NYC for another. Won't be home till monday  I miss it!!!!
in office on a Sunday morning 
in office...learng hw 2 wrk.. 
In Oklahoma City looking at stacked rigs 
In on a Saturday night  damn you anti biotics!
in on a saturday night  tragic!
In one hell of a bad mood today hatfever is doing my head in and everything else is just blah blah meh I think I just need a big hug 
In Orange County 
In order to make it through the next 8 days, I need to master a direct cash flow....Notttt looking so great   S.O.S.!
in Orlando, Florida for a business trip. No, I did not bring the kids as school was not out. 
In other news I really hate it when trips go by too fast  I miss orlando. Wish I could've spent another day. Had so much fun.
In other news, I HAD A DREAM LAST NIGHT after talking about them with @timecake. True to fashion, it was rather boring, and no Jared 
in other news, I have to work tonight  11pm-7am ahhhhh
In other news, it's a miserable day again! 
In other news, The Da Vinci code sucks and Symantec is suing Microsoft...
in other news, time to wave the white flag. was fun while it lasted, pity it ended so soon. 
In other news... HOLY HELL I'M PERFORMING COLUMBIA TONIGHT!!!! AAAHHHHHHHHH Nervous  And Horrid anxiety attack...
In other news: I want to register for this Artslam thing but I'm too afraid.  I'll just do it independently I suppose.
In other news: reading Love Medicine (Louise Erdrich) makes me depressed, sorta. 
In other words I have to get jaw surgery 
In O-town yayyy! Of course the first people I'm greeted by are magic express 
in our family portrait, we look pretty happy. let's play pretend, act like it comes naturally... 
in PA. staying with my uncle,aunt and baby cuz. got no skool 2 morrow :-D but i have a final on tuesday  skool ends on friday yeah!!
in pace requiescat, Bro. Ceci....you will surely be missed...   
In paddington on the train waiting for it to move back to bristol  gonna b packed by the looks of things glad I got here 1st lol
in pain - feels like pacquiao gave me a right hook.... 
in pain  so so confused.
in pain - ulcers going down my throat 
In pain again 
in pain and sore 
IN PAIN AS VERRUCAS HAVE BEEN FROZEN. EXTREME PAIN!!! 
in pain from my wisdom teeth infection 
in pain today ... stupid FMS stupid winter weather 
In pain!  but am impressed my mp3 player lasted all night and still has full battery!?!?
in pain. ow 
In palmdale.. Missing my wifey.  (no homo)
In paris! Ahh I miss home. And I wish I spoke French 
in park slope brooklyn working the bust photoshoot. this is so exciting! &amp;no more fever! but my tonsils are the size of golfballs 
In PE  fit BB -&lt;3 I'm sitting out
in person interview tomorrow in San Mateo... 7AM wake up 
In physics . . . . really bored 
In possible the most shaded train station ever, with an hour untill next train to brum 
In Princes gardens with Dylan. I really don't like this sun 
In PS and too nite to bring myson actually!! Hoping he will be ok...first going out without stroller...  http://myloc.me/4P9I
In Pune ... unexpectedly the temperature is very hot 
in quarentine for 5 days... stupid flu!! 
in quite a bit of pain  and two hours of work to go 
In rapid city, sd. Getting ready to head to rehearsal for my baby bro's wedding. 
in rarotonga, it's raining like hell. 
in Rehab after a nice weekend in the sun!! Kinda busy @work so no more chillin.moods!!! 
In retrospect to last tweet. Despite always being in the mood for banana pancakes I've never actually had any 
In Rochester, PA...thank the lord. Van has minor troubles on THE FIRST DAY 
in San Fran, 4 days left  hills everywhere, too hot for jumpers, too cold for t-shirts.
in santa ana for my last night in california.. until my next trip that is. i will miss this place so much.   
in school   4.20 thou so its all good 
in school  why do we have no break for like 5 weeks? i would like to know... HOPING for phone today. it is a necesity!
In school all alone! CT's off for report writing day and I have whole school ICT assessment to think about! 
In school and i'm dead tired 
in school bored. and not wanting to go to my stupid anti theft class tomorrow  kill meeeee
In school feeling really sick! 
in school really bored!! 
In school waiting for geography to start... 
In school. So warm again ! Boring 
in science         bored......  no music to listen to      arrgh 
In science &quot;/, doind a practice paper boreddddd 
In science, new laptops. These are tiny and i cant type! Ugly things.... 
In Seattle for a day. Filled with client meetings and presentations. Back on the red eye to NY Friday night. Shortened weekend for me 
in seattle...and sick  hate my life right now
In second period doing absoultly nothing cuz our teacher is gehhy and its gloomy outside 
In september , I will die   
in serious need of coffee and a hug  only one person i want a hug from though
In severe pain now. Chemo muscle spasms. 
in shakeking cant find a starbucks  next best thing , really hot here ... Beach time ! Xx
in shock still O_O cant believe dat happened 2 him 
In shock that Dave's bro passed.  much love to Dave &amp; his fam. &lt;333
In Singapore airport again. On my way to Tokyo. Always tired at the start of a trip 
In Singapore, so hot.  Cant wait to put photos up from a costume shop we found in the centre.  Just about to get on a 13 hr flight 
In sister inlaws combi again. In the back, petrol fumes making us high 
In skool  naw  I want to go home
in skool cant wait to see gabby after skool days goin by so slow  *sad* and i cant follow one of my friends on twitter... so weird
In small print: MMS support coming from AT&amp;T in late summer  That is very sad.
in so much pain   very depressed!
in so much pain right nowww 
In so much pain ugh 
In so much pain!! 
In so much pain, and can't sleep 
in so much pain.. really really hurt my foot 
in so so so much pain  watcahing a moviee with my mom then bedd prayy for me
In software engineering lab. Not feeling good. 
In some countries the freedom of internet is like their other freedoms. Not existing 
In some serious pain last 2 days.Taking ultram. Works, wires my neuro symptoms. Feel like had 2 much coffee  Any Lymies get this reaction?
in soo much pain! 
in south florida 
In Spanish with @TheSuperSuus  I'm bored
in spare by myself  jayden where are you? haha
In spite of being awake and ready for church 2 hours before the service, I'm not going this morning. #rollcall 
in Sports leaders thing,   stuck inside   we wanna be playing rounders on the fielddddddd x      argh    shiv said hello
in St George's, finally!!! Nice weather yesterday night (bbqing on the Etoile's deck) but rainning now  Fiesta in consulate 2nite!
In Starbucks. Have not been in one for a couple of years. I miss the local coffee shops in Venice Beach    Cincy is no Shangri La.......
In stark contrast to @solobasssteve 's Sunday afternoon, I'm exhausted and it's only 15:20. Garden tidied and boys fighting a heavy cold. 
In stirling in the car in desperate need of a sleep 
In such a &quot;fuck everything&quot; mood.. a presentation and two tests. AYYYYYE! 
In such a bad mood 
In such a bad mood today... it sucks.. 
in such a odd mood  not cool.
In sum, yesterday was a big fail day for me, I managed to use the battery grip for 30 min and then I thought it was dead 
in super taco. I have to walk to school.  and im testing today! DX
In Sydney for a professional learning chance and missing @LynetteP 
in tally; sad my fam aint here 
In tears because Prue is dead on Charmed 
In TEARS.  biggest headache ever.
In Tec this timee still bored!!!!! 4 hours till im home     Bdf I ove mii bestiessssss
in tech without terri... !!!  xxx
in Telford, this is all far too early 
In Tennessee with some fam! I wish it wasn't raining out! 
In Texas. Not feeling well.  going to bed, goodnight.
In tha mood 4 some chocolate...who wants 2 help me wit ma craving?  
in that finals mission! ugh  i WILL finish tonight... maybe.  #jtv http://justin.tv/squeekie
In the #UK #iPhone + SDK TCO ~ 425GBP (~645USD). Cheapest #Android device TCO ~ 440 GBP (~670USD)   (TCO = Total Cost of Ownership)
In the 9 yrs I've had a cell phone I never lost one, until Thursday night when I lost my iPhone 
in the aeroport, waiting for the plane to land to take us back home....i'll miss you puerto rico 
in the afternoon, i hit my foot's finger on the wall. now, the nail is getting purple. i don't know what i need to do, but i'm scared. 
in the airport, lookn @ a soldier say bye 2 his fam. 
in the airport.. had such a gret time in vegas, i never want to leavee! i miss my puppys tho 
in the airport... Heading back home... 
In the backyard with Kady. I want to go swimming. 
In the battle between Woman and wild ivy in the garden today, the ivy won. Still no herb garden manifesting just yet 
In the bed listening to Keri Hilson..I absolutely love her CD. Jeez. I need to start getting ready for work though..not feeling the rain 
In the beginning it's perfect, but the longer you're together the harder it gets.. You just gotta believe that your love is strong enough 
in the BIGGEST mood for the spring awakening soundtrack, too bad my brother has my ipod 
In the 'burg again today...Go Pens!  (and no, we don't have tickets to the game 
In the business center of the hotel chargin up my mp3 player for my 4 1/2 hr plane ride 2morrow!Woo Hoo 
In the car again... Going to go get Eucina  I'm tired of driving
in the car and i hurt my thumb so i can barely type!! 
in the car boreeedddddd , rain rain qo away 
In the car for Leeds Castle. I feel so sad 2day and i dunno why 
in the car going to the hamptons. another hour and a minute 
in the car heading home, U5 cant think of all the work i hv 2 do by Sunday  yalla hant 3 studying dayZ nd am Over 
in the car on my way back to orlando 
In the car on our way back home  all good things must come to an end.
in the car on the way home D: /verysad 
in the car pouting cause i still dont have my phone.. 
In the car shawster the monster/scuba steve / tylerrrr!/anden woo  grady grady grady. I hope everythings alright
In the car still... No superise. I just saw a dead bunny 
In the car with shanz lawlz. Bee tee dubs also got a test today! 
In the car with the parentals and my sister im dying!! Somebody anybody text me!! She is killing me softly 
In the car, heading to school. Last Thursday of the year 
In the car. I feel like throwing up. I don't feel good at all 
In the car. Waiting for lunch to be overr then back to workkk! 
In the car... Someone give me ideas... I'm lost 
In the cinema with media lol. Head is fuckin killing me. I may vomit 
In the Del Taco drive thru the car turned up Turn My Swag on. I rolled up my window felt like canceling my order 
In the dental hospital waiting room, hope they don't put that horrible needle in my mouth, it took him 3 stabs last time!!  #squarespace
In the dentist chair with a very numb left side for crown prep. Not fun to keep mouth open this long 
In the dentist waiting room... 
In the doctors office... Again! 
In the emergency  room with my boy, broke his arm the first day of summer break...3 days before our trip to Disney 
In the emergency room 
In the ER hooked up to an IV 
In the ER. Waiting 4 Xray results. May have a sprained ankle.  Poor me...
In the four hours of Ducks @ Red Wings awesomeness, completely forgot to order netbook today. Blargh. 
In the garage getting an estimate for the wheel damage on my car from Sunday's  little mishap - not looking good! 
In the garden doing more work. Why did I agree to do all these websites 
In The Garden Tanning, ListeningTo Music And Having A Barbeque Before I Go Back To Bordem Of Being In School  :'( (n)
in the garden, soaking up the rays and revising  *wonders why boys are so mean!*
In the garden. But there are so many clouds in the sky. 
In the gym my trainer is killing me 
In the hands of the police and the Lord now. Have to let it go coz I don't think she'll come back 
in the hospital 
In the hospital  not a good start to the weekend..
In the hospital and missing the Philly release of the air yeezys....pissed 
In the hospital missin my babbyyyyy 
In the hotel freeeeezing! And feelin sick!  x
in the house bored 
in the house for the nighttt!! 
in the house like always :I 
in the house on this nice day  watchin music videos feelin vh1s Island soul! make me wish i could visit some island like St. Lucia....
in the house still sick wit a fever  checking out some of blak's tracks on oramarecords.com
in the house with friends cant think of anything to do 
in the http://thecullensonline.ning.com/ sorry guys there a thing that won't let me click on the chat, i can;t talk on it now 
in the kitchen playin on the playstation but got boreddd :-|  What can i dooo 
in the Korean Airport.... wish i could stay longer!  &lt;333 Korea
In the lab..hungry  #fb
In the land of women, cute but a tear jerker 
In the last 24 hours... started a chapter on systems in design, moved my basil plants indorrs, got hit in the trachea 
In the last 26 games, the Cubs have scored one run or less 10 times. This is not our century - again. 
In the last 36 hours we have had 3 1/2 inches of rain  but that is OK still got power and internet
In the last hours of my Vacay 
in the lead with followers  wants 2 be outside at the bonfire with neighbors 
in the library all day until 4 when i have my italian final (molto difficile) and my data analysis final  ...then more studying to do 
In the library and very bored 
in the library doing work on a saturday mehhhhhhh 
In the local park yesterday, I saw a Jackdaw try to take a baby gosling. I was only 10m away and didn't have my camera. Bad mistake 
In the mean time you all should focus on being less boring since I know none of you will bring me a monster friend. 
In the middle of a wedding gig right now...missing my daughter...   #fb
in the midwest once again  i long to be hm again. better yet, make a hm for myself
In the mood for California rolls. Too bad I am at work and there would be no place open anyway 
In the mood for shrimp scampi but I don't have vermouth. 
In the mood for some good Chilean Cabernet Savignon tonight! Like that Carmen reserva but the hypermart seems to be out of stock 
in the mood to do a show right here, right now.   Is &quot;Meghan the Musical&quot; almost finished?  Or at least the music? :L
In the mountains today!    How beautiful it is at the cabin!  Trying to get over shingles.  
In the mountains!! But there are mosquitos  @ Cabin in the Mountains http://loopt.us/LFCGpQ.t
In the movies, the screen is tiny! I am loving coke right now which is realllly bad  Tomorrow will be exciting/scary.
In the need for a really good foot massage..they're killing me 
In the New Mrxico History Museum (got the name wrong last time). No photos, sadly 
in the office 
in the office and not listening to green day in central park... 
in the office by myself 
In the office on a cloudy Monday morning  When will the sun be out! I can't wait for Summer!!!!!
in the office on a rainy monday is not fun 
In the office on time, again... YAY!!! Now, let's see how much NOT work I have to do!  .... 
In the office pushing through emails only three days left then back on the airplain 
in the office today. 
in the office workin on sunday  happy father's day!
in the past week i have cried at edward scissorhands , smallvill (no jimmy  dont die lol)
In the past week, a mouse moved into my dad's grill. And had babies. And we had to move them.  (There might be pictures later.)
In the Press office. Last issue of the year! 
In the process of converting my case-sens drobo to case-insens to allow my new droboshare to work, had to back up lots of crap, so slow 
in the process of paying for my previous laziness at work 
In the self check out line at Stop &amp; Shop. Good: No lumps! Bad: Need bail you guys 
In the shuttle to p/u my car. Pouring rain and oi had my car detailed today 
In the spirit of Moleyneux's Milo: Virtual Child Abuser. I'm betting it'd stop real child abuse. Or like marijuana it'd be a gateway 
In the studio recording the EMV Anthem, totally bumbed I can't record my verse cuz of my cold...  sounds sick as hell though!!!
in the summer vacation i want to go to ICELAND, france or england! btw, math exam in two days  and then auduition for a theaterschool, ah
in the summer when you live near a mcdonalds you get a lot of fry wafting. if you pretend really hard, it's like coney island 
in the testing center. get me outta hereee! 
In the theater for 'Hangover' with Jayney! My contacts are freaking out, though. 
In the theatre watching and taking notes! Im hungry  x
In the train again 
In the train again...meeeeh 
In the train back to Paris. Due to stomach flu, its really painful for me to stay 5 hours down on my seat. 
In the train to Groningen, it's warm, unpleasant and rich in luggage 
In the US 
In the waiting room for another dentist! Fillings ftl. CAVATIES FTL 
in the waittin room at the doctor's office wanttin some food.... 
In the words of @jordanknight : Tink! Dammit! Why oh why can I NOT sleep in on the weekends anymore! 
In the yard  woooooo just had a lolly yum yum
In this cab on my way home.  Wanna go out but I work a 16 hour shift 2morrow. So I guess not. 
in this life there's no such thing as a fairytale or a happy ending!!!!!!    
in this moment mom i need you... hiks..hiks.. 
In this twitter world, i accidently found a special one to follow which i treasure him very much.Though he did not follow me back 
In timeout. 
In Toronto - plane to Newark likely to be delayed by one hour  Good job I decided to stay overnight in Newark tonight and drive tomorrow.
In total and complete agony, it made me cry. What a way to start the weekend and still got to go to work tomorrow at 10am 
in tourism  going home in half an hour
In town all day, back now and all I got was earphones 
In traffic  hope I get to work on time!
in traffic onda 91 fwy at 11pm , smh 
In traffic. 
in train....dont know wn it wd start moving................  
In true DM fashion, I'm replying to emails from 2 months ago right now... 
In twitterific i miss being able to see the followers eg of people. In tweetdeck for iPhone I miss seeing the DM I've send. 
In two days the fun shall cease. 
In uni BRIGHT and EARLY!!!... 
In vegas til Monday, like I said before, but I really miss my bf alot! 
In venice, Italy very lost 
In Ventura for a deposition. It'd be better if the weather was nicer - pretty close to the beach. Heading to Bakersfield on Thursday. 
In Vermont. Last night of my @albertacross adventure  sad times.
In walmart, new moon posters are sold out 
in warwick, hotel has a pool, i forgot my trunks 
in way 2 much discomfort... headin 2 da emergancy room!! 
in what is starting to feel like my natural habitat... an airport terminal 
in which episode did house and cuddy hook up?? APO MEETINGS THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT 
in winnipeg waiting for the plane to leave to hammytown..my ears hurt. 
In work - with tonsilitis! Had to come in, boo 
in work bored outta my head 
in work having my break. So busy today - literally haven't stopped since i started at 2 - roll on 9 - my feet hurt 
In work it feels like an oven  the whole of clydebank is wanting paddling pools and hoses and plant pots and sunlougers! Why dear god why?
in work on a sunday 
In work on-call, would rather be at the baptismal service though 
in work rite now freezin my ass off!!!! not amused!!  lol xx
In work so cant twit till 3 
In work today  wish I was out sunbathing again
In work yet again on another fabulous sunny day. I bet as soon as the w.end comes &amp; I'm off it will start raining 
In work!!  
In work!! Soo tired today honestly! Need my bed  x
In work, not feeling very well, all wonky and a bit shakey... 
In worl History class.....Writing whether we should be ashamed about the holocaust evest....so sad 
In your brown eyes I was feeling low 
In your house I long to be. Room by room patiently. I'll wait for you there like a stone. I'll wait for you there alone 
in your prayers as you bring your night to a close.  I'll catch you on the otherside of the sunrise...night night and sweet dreams.
In Yucaipa. Gonna watch the game alone or what 
Inability to lay in 
Inane conversations, neutered pricks, tantrum queens, hypocritical souls, pseudo-secularism 
inaperfectworld i would not feel so sick 
Incase anyone ever gets bored, do not rub a pedipaw thing on your arm or anywhere else. It leaves scars. 
incessant coughs &amp; stuffy nose. when will i get bettterrrrrr. i just wanna watch house, &amp; sleep. but i have hw 
Incidentally, it's still very hot. 
Inclusion of images in the books represents an undue risk to the very existence of #Bookshare IMHO... 
Incoming text @ 1:41AM: U awake? Miss you 'lil J.   -- Ugh.
Incomplete without my love 
Incredible  It
INCREDIBLE! Just tweeting the words 'PR' &amp; 'marketing' has resulted in more foolowers  See http://www.twittords.com for def of 'foolower'
Incredibly crappy weather here today 
Incredibly long day. Maybe waking up at 6 wasn't a good idea. 
Incredibly ticked off since i'm the one who had to miss school so the stupid pool could get filled  not happy.
Incubus does prince live from lacma, I drive to work and cry in my car 
Independence Day + Day After Tomorrow = 2012.  Blaaah.
indesign is not playing nice today 
India followed Aussies 
India in T20 - disappointing - Dhoni and the luck lady - quit ways 
India is sick  poor baby!
India lost to new zealand in a warm up match... 
Indian Banks are financing &amp; pushing dealers and manufacturers to speculate on Diamond prices  A dangerous bubble is blowing!!!
indian weddings are so gorgeous,, jealloousss  i should definitely stop watching wedding shows.
Indiana family just left   major pouty face is happening right now 
Indiana Jones &amp; the Staff of Kings - good graphics but gameplay is buggy, badly designed &amp; plain unfair at times. Disappointing much 
Indians can hit, they can't pitch.  @TheCubsInHaiku And now Derrek Lee / Has 32 RBIs / Still behind d'Ro  #Cubs
Indian's could've got it y'day man!It sucks so bad when the mistakes made in the 1st half come back at u in the 2nd..(ref:bhajji's wides) 
Indians lost  every game I leave early, they win. Leave at the end and they loose ;(
indratwas wondering why scaled images in ff/linux were fugly compared to #xp or #osx turns out to be cos of: http://bit.ly/26HpFy 
Induction days on tuesday + I dont even no my clas yet so unfair 
Induction today...then studying 
Industry niggass b on the shit ..  .. What all glitters sure as hell aint gold !!! .. Goodd friend taught me that ,,;)
Inefficiency makes me sad 
Inevereverwanttofallinloveagain.  What a terrible tweet! Today sucks.
Inexplicably CREEPED OUT right now. Something about my house is scary, and I'm home alone, too. 
inFamous on the PS3 sucks the big one. Sooo disappointed in it and wish I'd tried the demo first 
Infecting erm I mean installing my Mac with WinXP *sigh* damn script only runs on windblows 
Influenza. Influenza. Influenza.  Take care all of us. It is all around.
infos and I can only do selected tasks as well for this site! Outrageous! Can't enjoy because of that! 
ing now. Poor baby. 
inggit  can't join friends' gimik in pinas
ingin nonton night at the museum  http://plurk.com/p/vih9k
Initial TweetDeck use crashes more often than Twitterific or Twitterfon..also slower to load on startup 
Iniwan ako ng buong pamilya ko dito sa bahay! How could they?! 
injured bird in my driveway became deceased bird 2 mins after calling humane society - sorry I didn't find you sooner little guy 
Injured bird in my garden.  http://yfrog.com/15hwkj
injured knee 
Injured my foot  It didn't look injured 4 hours ago. Haha. And I'm waiting for American Idol to show again. GO ADAM GO ADAM GO ADAM!!!!!!!
Injured.. out from field for a week 
Ink and Iron Festival on Sunday, hope they let me bring in my D90 
Insane lady got arrested at work today  i feel sorry for her but she can't hit ppl either...
Insanely tired and off to watch 3 hyper jackass kids 
insects have infected my spinach plant :(
Inside at the gym even though the sunis shining for the first time in weeks    SSHL graduated yesterday, CONGRATS! My turn soon.. 12 days!
inside bored on these nice days 
Inside my blanket now. Tooooo sick to move. 
inside my head is such a happy place...if only it could be.. starting to see that it can never be.. should just be happy with what I have 
Inside, looking out 
Insommnia. I can't spell it but I'm sure I have it. Maybe it's a symptom of this flu I seem to have picked up. Urgh 
Insomnia - Geuss thats what you can call it 
Insomnia ... again ...  #fb
Insomnia and a panic attack, today is going to be a terrible day for me... 
insomnia BLOWS. help me!! 
insomnia due to snoring husband 
insomnia go away please. ill give you a dollar 
insomnia has got the best of me again... ohhh so tired and can't find sleep 
insomnia is a mother  off to watch 17 again. maybe then i'll be able to fall asleep. ha! i kid, i kidd
insomnia is coming back. 
insomnia is killing me. i can't sleep almost all night and i'm tired the whole f***ing day. grrr. 
Insomnia is taking over and i still feel sick 
insomnia still stalks me  it's 3:53am and I'm still awake on the computer...I need help I think...
Insomnia sucks the dogs butt.  want to sleep just cant. 
Insomnia sucks! 
Insomnia sucks....especially when I was tired only about 5-10 minutes ago...brain is working overtime....ack 
INSOMNIA!! .... sleep where are u? ... I miss U 
Insomnia, too hot 
Insomnia........why me?  seriously cannot sleep
insomnia? Cnt sleep  and tomorrow is exam
Insomniaaaaaaaaaa tomorrow ill see 17 again yay!! I went today but was sold out 
insomniac dot is insisting i go to bed. how dare she??? I'm just starting to have fun on my dinosaur! 
Insomniac night again 
Inspiration is hard to come by, if anyone can find some, I'll pay top dollar for it!! Mine has gone awol 
install of db worked first time, failed second time. Difference 2nd install I did the pre-reqs oh dear time for third attempt 
Installation dinner last night was fine. Good food and good people. Sad to hear that GSE is ending soon.  
Installed 4 different video drivers tonight trying to get Source engine games to work, even tried lowering dxlevel to 70 
Installed Amarok for Windows; gives error and won't start  Not surprising given they only distribute nightlies.
Installed DSLRemote to control my Canon via my iPhone! Unfortunately, iPhone is having a connection failure  Can't get the thing to work.
installed KOTOR, kept crashing and there was nothing I could do to fix it, so I had to uninstall it 
Installed Windows 7 on my eeepc, now reinstalling all the software I use. No doubt getting my development env setup will be worst bit 
Installed Windows Update VISTA Service Pack 2 and lost audio on my PC.  Windows is great  
Installing a new hard drive! Gotta redo everything though 
Installing Adobe CS4... LOADING LOADING Still LOADING, it takes very long time... 
Installing Adobe CS4... LOADING LOADING Still LOADING, it takesvery long time..... 
installing adobe reader - a website checks to see if it's installed, even though I can use FoxIt to read the pdf files themselves, bleh 
Installing Flock.  yay for yet another browser, that is apparently not playing nice with nice site layouts 
Installing JDK 6 update 14... But I can't use the G1 Garbage Collector because I'm not a Sun support suscriptor 
installing my Laptops from the beginning.. 
installing Office 2007 sp2, joy(!) wish i was playing with a shiny new iPhone, but sadly i'm not.... 
installing opera unite.  Five web browsers on my computer now, and I think that firefox isn't even in the top 3  sad...
Installing SAP ECC 6.0 EhP4..... Dear SAP.. How could you do it. 
Installing Steam. L4D free for 24h !... only 24 
Installing the sims 3 .... and somethings for the sims 2 . OOOPS I just talked about the sims again 
installing the sims on my laptop instead.. the computer didnt like it 
Installing TinyMCE on an EE installation, followed by TinyBrowser. Edit screen slowdown 
Installing Vista from an original factory disc is awful, installing update 15 of 80 before SP1  
installous is down 
instead of enjoying this nice slice of weather, im in bed sick 
instead of Hello kitty is buh-bye kitty at my place..i miss my cat 
Instead of listening to the wind blow thru the trees as I fall asleep, I'm listenening to them do weird things in the backyard. 
instead of working for living, i'm living for working 
Instead, I'm sitting on the couch!! 
Instict 3-0  Canada's End Result at MLG CBus 
Instructor talkin to the gerls nw. Im so sleepy.. 
insufficient twitter juice today 
Intel and Nokia together? My 6681 would still be slow 
intellectual property rights---- waw!! just a wonderful subject... but feeling lazy to study.. 
Intense pain.   .  Feels like someone punched it.
Interesting cabbie last night - offered free ride if I could answer his geography questions correctly. Didn't know the capitol of Gambia 
Interesting day ahead. Looks like I'm putting a hardwood floor in our office, to start. No Twitter for a while... 
Interesting evening of old-school Formula 1 documentaries on channel 116. Depressing how high the bodycount was 
Interesting evening.. didn't exactly go as planned! BUMMED I missed out on Two Keys.    Beautiful day though! Hopin' to get LOTS more SUN!
Interesting morning my mother just said I have no shame or moral compass  Thanks mom
Interesting note Sky F@ST2504 SERVER:LINUX/2.4 UPnP/1.0 BRCM400/1.0. I have simple python code to pump out SSDP info but not interact 
interesting race today. Drivers having different amounts of fuel makes it interesting! next year isnt going to be as good  stupid FIA
interesting time actually catching up w/ friends......some disappointment w/ ppl not in touch w/ and missing... Sad how things go 
Interesting websites on there, sorry if yours is on it 
interesting, Twitter decides not to display my profile pic 
international economy test 
international fianacial management is giving m tension 
Internet access farked up. Can't load most pages and no images 
Internet access is capped at 64k. Wanted to log in to work, watch the highlights from Ducks/Wings but it was not meant to be. Frown 
internet and cable down in Rio... worse day ever! 
Internet and cable out all day... I feel as though a part of me has died... 
Internet at office is damn slow today. 
internet back, but for how long 
Internet come back on por favor. 
Internet connection at home is down 
internet connection back to 64kb/sec cos somehow have used up this month's 10Gb on Telstra Bigpond wireless  -get back normal speed on Mon
Internet Dating Dating Is Just Sad!    I Dunno Why people Do It!!
internet died last night  careers today, im acc looking forward to itt, then a relaxed as fuckk day in the sun :]
Internet down at work... Can't work 
Internet has been wonky today. 
Internet has decided not to work today. No six word saturday  headache from driving all day then dealing with time warner.
Internet has gone down and lights are flickering  Have too many power-dependent pets for a blackout.
Internet has melted at Castle Cloth. Stuck with WAP to try and find out some Raw gossip 
Internet is acting strange today. 
Internet is being Epic Fail tonight, I want to find a Verizon representative and be malicious, just to feel better. Ugh. 
Internet is down 
Internet is down @work again......yep its gonna be a long day  http://bit.ly/17nfZd
Internet is kinda slow today 
internet is semi working...i should probably do my washing tonight....before it gets to tomorrow and i have nothing to wear 
internet is slow on me today likes 
Internet is so slow... unusable for work  http://www.fedmich.com/life/
Internet isn't working  Ima have to phone BT up :'(
Internet issues again 
internet keeps crashing  obviously it doesn't like peter pan
internet moving so sloooowwww today. 
Internet on my laptop is not working again 
internet on safari isnt loading at all or looking up addresses, email and everything else still works. any advice?  
Internet seems to be down today  Oh and mep camp tomorrow! Can't wait 
internet slowly today. 
Internet still broken.  BT sending engineer tomorrow. Fingers crossed.
Internet still not working - now comcast thinks it them but can't get someone out until thursday 
internet stopped working. right when i was gonna totally redo my myspace profile. gahhh 
internet tethering for iphone OS 3.0 is working great, but im only getting around 1mb down &amp; 230kb up   http://www.twitpic.com/7ln45
Internet was sown at result show of BGT  I AM SOOOO HAPPY DIVERSITY WON!
Internet, why have you forsaken me? 
Internet/Cable/Phones are all out.. TILL FRIDAY!? wtf did i do to anger you God 
Internet+tv+phone down. Numericable want to send a technician next week to fix it ! 
internets not work. using dads laptop for like 5 mins gahhh idk y its not working!!! WORKK INTERNET 
internets not working at home...tried to sleep at liek 11:30 and then the light went out. 
internets not working well right now    i really wanted to talk to lindsay!
Interning! and dreading the dentist today... 
interns are more of a burden than anything apparently..im just supposed to look good and be quiet says my zhu ren 
Interpolll. fml. Good mood, but i lost my keys! 
INTERPUPS - a quality puppy delivered to your door &amp; relax....it's insured for 6mths! I couldn't believe this!!    (via @auntywainright)
interuption of the day is caused by................doing the dishes woo exciting stuff....i wanna dance n the puddles 
Interview did not go well. 
interview on tuesday and and and....   
Interview seemed to go well today...now the waiting game begins 
Interview today. I did NOT sleep well last night. And I'm sick   How great is that?
interview today... but I'm still sick   Hopefully I'll be well enough for my other interview tomorrow. Ack.
interview today...gahh nervous!! 
interview w/ the Carolina Panthers today! didn't get to go to MD for the race! 
Interview went great, until my car died in their driveway on the way out.  Got it started though, and got the job! Yay!
interview went gud, but not sure the job is rite 4 me tho 
interview went gud, just not sure the job is rite 4 me 
interview went ok (didn't embarrass myself at least) but didn't get the job.  Not to worry, Glow Learn training next week, GoApe 25th-26th
Interview with ops manager on Tuesday seemed to go okay -- I think I boned the phone interview with the CIO tho   We'll see.
Interview with the Vampire, Anne Rice [ Okay, I might hate this one as much as I hate Harry Potter.
interviewing a playmate tmr. this is gonna do a whole lot of good to my self-esteem. 
interview's been cancelled. having it on monday instead  which is shit cause i'm going away for the weekend 
Into the low 80's today -- I am not happy....   Like my temps below 80 -- NOT a summer person!!!  Getting ready 2 finish planting limas...
Intown for Shabbos  Still sick more or less...
Intro to Law marathon for today: Ratio Deciendi to Leading Case..stress. I hope our classes will be moved to next week 
Introducing the Nokia N900 Not and Internet Tablet: http://deliverator.silverfir.net/?p=784 
IntypeCommander v.0.2 done - back to animation 
inverno = gripe = dor muscular. 
Investigators found remnants of the Air France plane crash but still no survivors. saaaad 
Invigelation is one of the most boring thing to do. I can hardly open my eyes anymore 
Invited to speak @ Futureproof by @jimmycostello but I'm in San Diego  Hoping I can get involved another time... http://tinyurl.com/ku9yks
invoices are the expense reports of the self-employed  i suppose at least this is money that i haven't (in theory) already spent..
IOHHH I DONT GET THIS 
iomiss you are lucky!  I haven't sold anything there since March 
IOW Festival next wk/end  Traffic stand still
Iphone  i wont let me download it Boo   
iphone 3.0 bricked my phone because activation servers are getting slammed. 
iPhone 3.0 doesn't searches your SMS   http://twitpic.com/7po5w
iPhone 3.0 is pretty cool, but found some quirks. My wifi no longer works 
iphone 3.0 not showing any songs previously synced  +mediamonkey still doesn't support syncing with new OS ( I hate syncing with iTunes
iphone 3.0 not till 6pm in u.k   
Iphone 3.0 not untill tommorow 
iPhone 3.0 Rocks!!! I love the search screen, but I'm still waiting for apple to release the &quot;iDisk&quot; App 
iPhone 3.0 software update, will no longer allow you to re-download iPhone apps    http://ping.fm/PrTdx
Iphone 3.0 Still waiting - Apple 
iPhone 3.0 update appears to be available? Instead of dead 'Upgrade now' it says &quot;Upgrading is Easy&quot; with instructions I can't do at work 
Iphone 3.0 update comes out june 18..... 
iPhone 3.0 update release moved to the 18th &gt; apple! (via @ijustine) Ballz. 
iPhone 3.0 update today. Not out yet 
iPhone 3.0... bluetooth, but no tether 
iPhone 3.0...... Not really impressed 
iPhone 3G + OS3.0  = slower iphone that needs more charging ... awesome 
Iphone 3G S : So near and yet so far 
iPhone 3g S 32GB ready to go! Would've been first in St Albans out of the 30 ppl in the queue to get it if their systems accepted my card 
iPhone 3G S might not have a strong opening sales due to the fact that alot of customers might not be allowed to upgrade 
iPhone 3Gs 16 Go Noir en rupture partout... 
iPhone battery is at dead level  maybe 1 more tweet?
iPhone beta has expired again. 
iPhone bricked!!   Any suggestions?
iphone broken again  back to the apple store i goooo
iphone charger died 
iPhone development becomes ugly. Different OS --&gt; different visualization/behaivor. Reminds me of web development for different browsers 
iPhone down  - won't start up; needs &quot;restore&quot;. Service call into Apple.
iphone FW 3.0, mms still not working 
iphone got unhacked!!  but i got the neeew version! its superweird to have my phone all manufactured again.. hahah oh well &lt;3
IPhone Internet tethering doesn't work with www.Vodafone.net.nz why? Vodafone. Why? (the iPhone APN is far too slow) 
iPhone is an amazing device ... it keeps u connected all the time ..... but I think it is just too expensive 
iPhone is broken  keyboard wont pop-up.  cant reply to texts! 
iPhone is officaly broken  funnily enough it will only let me use apps atm. Hmm crazy stuff right here...
iPhone isn't giving me a data connection 
iPhone isn't working... No phone 
iphone leftlower  touch won't work  so can't use phone  and switch to number.  Updating software now. Hope it's not a hardware problem.
iphone now bricked  can't connect to itunes store to finish activation.  all my problems are now worse.  
iPhone os 3.0 installed. Sad to see all of my hard work from jailbreaking gone.  soon I will rebuild my masterpiece
iPhone OS 3.0 is a good one. Now I might acutally use it as a phone! But a 3am wakeup wasn't so nice 
iPhone OS 3.0 is coming tomorrow 18th, not today!!! It's already 18th in Japan, though.  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
iPhone OS 3.0 is still limited to one Exchange account, so no Google Sync Exchange for me.  http://bit.ly/KjOxN
iPhone OS 3.0 not so great here on my 2g phone, jerky scrolling and performance issues just like first OS 2.0 updates 
iPhone OS 3.0 on friday!  Probably bring down Apple's servers tho' 
iPhone OS 3.0! Very excited, but there's no iPod touch 3g jailbreak for 3.0 yet 
iPhone os 3.0!!! Please please please!!! 
Iphone os 3.0, whats the hype about? It brings some ease of use. But no xtra tricks up the sleeve. Actually quite dissapointing 
iPhone playing up - battery running down all the time, back very hot (the phone not mine), even charging isn't making a difference. 
iPhone predictions made by @gruber make no mention of a front-facing video camera  http://bit.ly/zCHgI
iPhone restored - everything back including SMS messages, but I have lost my Flight Control high score 
iPhone screen broke!  it still works fine, but a 3G I will still get! in Hillsboro, OR http://loopt.us/RWgw6g.t
iphone softwareupdate postponed (18th of June)  #iphone #postponed #3.0
iPhone sync went bad and erased all the apps on it except for Tweetie. 
iPhone tethering might be fast, but it isn't reliable. Useful as a backup, but not a replacement for cable/dsl Internet.  
IPhone tweetdeck doesn't save drafts. 
iPhone tweetdeck keeps crashing when I open it 
iphone twitter not working  bought a new car on Wednesday! road trip ahead!
IPHONE UNVEILED TOMORROW!!!! AND I HAVE TO WORK ALL DAY.  HOPE PEOPLE DONT EXPECT ME TO BE PAYING THAT MUCH ATTENTION.
iPhone update installed. Feels even more sluggish than before 
IPHONE UPDATE!! also power outage in the middle of my NHL09 best game ever!!!! now off to work 
iPhone upgrade pricing is stupid expensive. Would sell my body but the three bucks I'd get would not really help 
iPhone upgrade survived...lost data during jailbreak   internet tethering works     http://twitpic.com/7uh0t
iPhone upgrade to 3.0 &amp; jailbreak went ok; had to reinstall a few apps from Cydia, tho - and Mocha VNC appears to no longer work 
iPhone was locked for 3.0 
iphone went crazy... i'm having to restore it 
iPhone won't update yet, can't seem to get to the 'activation-server', and the 'More info' button shows a 404.. great 
iPhone won't update. 
iphone!! except can't actually use the 'phone' part yet  stupid phone companies
iPhone's auto spell doesn't know woop 
iPhones, 3.0 OS released today, I am waiting for the unlocked jailbreak version.   I am buying iPhones, 16 gig, white ones only.
IphoneWin twitter page is up, start joining!  I'm still working on it and it wont let me upload an image yet 
IPLT20 website is down! Dousing a lot of cricket fans' interests. 
ipod - dead :[ computer - dead [has a virus) no way to charge my ipod &amp; my sk only has depressing songs !  no music tonight :|
iPod doesn't want me watching Achmed. 
iPod fail gets worse  Can't even restore to factory settings - Apple store here I come...
ipod froze up and won't even reset 
iPod hasn't died yet! I'm bored.. Watching DC nothings rly on to bad JONAS isn't on  then supper!
iPod headphones are breaking!!! 
ipod is being gay. will not download the games 
iPod just  died  I guess going to sleep with great reluctance.
iPod not working for the past couple days. Finally plugging it in again to see if it will come back to life 
ipod restored itself  now time to collect all my music allll over again
Ipod screen appears to be dead  I guess it didn't like getting squashed in my luggage coming home from melb. Restore doesn't help.
iPod touch 3.0 software update $9.95? Wtf 
Ipod touch battery life is impressive - it's been playing since yesterday afternoon, in my pocket 
iPod touch just fell down on the street. Ouch. 
iPod Touch OS 3 upgrade doesn't available in Indonesian AppleStore yet 
iPod trouble 
ipod went through the wash now its broken  i feel there's something missing... 
iPod, you iSuck 
IPREDator: Did anyone sign up for this ? I tried but didn't even get a reply.....     Pirate Bay launches enc.. http://tinyurl.com/lw2y4m
iquesz  itsz trueeee qood thinqsz dont alwaysz last for ever   http://bit.ly/YqpoV
IrÃ© a veer &quot;Year One&quot;. Fallas con mi cel 
Iran  I hope for them.
Iran banning foreign media...  my blood runs cold. How can you have debate and honesty w/out coverage?  People will die today.  
Iran Election... i didnt even know there was a contrey with that name .... thats really sad  so why are they having an election no offenc
Iran is crazy... I feel bad forthe young iranians 
Iran needs a brave (newb) reporter to hide under vans for riot updates. Too bad the Seattle guy got run out of town. 
Iranian beatings competing for space in my head with my new boy. I have never been so grateful for our own decrepit govt. What a world 
Iranian hardliners kill 8 protesters #iranelection http://bit.ly/Ft0TC - sad, just sad.. 
Iranian students shot by riot police...    My heart goes out to them: http://bit.ly/kGib3 (youtube vid)
Iranian twitterers are starting to report sounds of gunfire in the streets... 
Iranians won the information war, but they are losing the intelligence war  #iranelection
Iran's Disputed Election. There are no words for whatÂ´s happing  http://bit.ly/fdUMm #Pictures #Iran
Iran's situation is getting worse and worse while I was sleeping soundly in my bed...It's just not right.  http://plurk.com/p/12k1zo
Ireland is sweltering today... would be thrilled only im stuck indoors looking out 
Ireland's summer comes to an end it raining and cold today 
irish block ..  .. then mcd's whoooop!
Irish feast FAIL!!! My mom forgot and made Mexican food. I am really sad. 
Irish Times - Eircom (ESOP) supporting STT bid for Eircom, quick buy Eircom shares, you could make a killing or more likely get burnt 
Iron Maiden special didn't tape 
Iron Pigs: @ the Iron Pigs Red Wings game with the youth. Great Day... only a few sprinkles so far.  http://tinyurl.com/n8wvj3
ironic...sutil massive crash in front of @jayegan.....wonder if theres enough spares? the bits were only just made in time 
Ironing should be banned. Especially with the worlds worst iron 
Ironing sucks. Still needs to be done, though 
ironing yay how fun 
Irony - Getting on a plane in Tallahassee to head to NoVa as my sister Judi drives south to Tallahassee. 
Irony free: &quot;The Climb&quot; by Miley Cyrus is my jam right now. (There should never be guilt in pleasure.) (via @johncmayer) ohh dear.. 
irony. just got off the phone callin da Bronx Bomber about &quot;Beat of My Drum&quot; and I missed it getting radio play on Magic FM  
Irony: Inventor of Ford Mustang can't keep his car   http://tinyurl.com/lpmvtk via @JeffHolton:
irraited among so many levels.! 
Irritated  going to bed then going back to school tomorrowww
Irritated as fuck man!  Someone hug me.
irritated beyond believe... woke up with an attitude   I hope my day gets better!
Irritated that offline google docs doesn't work in #safari4. Just get a big Circular Redirect of Doom, then a blank page  #fail
Irritated! Got home and realized that I left my usb cord in my work computer and I so wanted to download brandy-broken hearted  
Irritated, no one's been trying to even help!  ... So yea, I quit.. new plans..
irritated... cant trust people. mofos be on some bs 
Irritating shit. Bus 12 just left without me 
is    http://plurk.com/p/x9fg4
is  a very tired tweeter 
is  cause i'm working on marks birthday tommorow. 
is  in mums wrk wit a swolen hand   
Is  it the right thing to do? 
is  making the ammendants to her Coursework!!!! 
is  our last puppy died at the vet's clinic http://plurk.com/p/ts1fr
Is  she completely missed a PINK conversation!!!! hey Shawanda what about wrkn w/me!!?
is  techielass.com is already taken...  http://plurk.com/p/z5bzx
is #bb10 in the UK or US? Because if it's US I've missed it 
Is #deeplinking still frowned on? Why oh why don't @NZStuff have ids or other anchors on Letters to Editor pages. 10 letters, 3 headlines 
is &quot;tired&quot; but really can't sleep, and it suuuucks.  #fb
is (hungry) already 
Is *bucks is a non halal? Really? I just saw one of tweets in my friends timeline. To be honest, I never saw halal certificates either 
is *sigh* has a french exam tomorrow  skipping the other classes tho... hate exams... HATE THEM!
is :'( (tears)  http://plurk.com/p/110th2
Is @ court I need to get the F out of here 
is @ home sick, just woke up, massive headache and highly medicated on asthma meds. 
is @ maccas using his iPod touch 2 twitted LOL I wanna go home! I jst kno iPods guns run outta battery 
iS @ MY M0MMiES H0USE B0RED. S0000 N0T L00KiNG F0RWARD T0 PACKiNG 2NiTE 
Is @ The Cheesecake Factory with my spoiled rotten daughter per her PERSISTENT request! Dads a push over 
is @ the coast.  Hoping it doesn't rain.  It always rains when I'm @ the coast...  
is @ UCL hospital 
Is @ work   Stupid computers! :p
is @ work and feeling blaaahhhh...where's the sun? 
is @ work first day of a long week 
Is @ work having a soso day. I'm missing the way it use to be here 
is @ work....10 till 6.....this is going to be a long day...... 
Is @Ivybean a fake? 
is @SamuelScarpine really whining because he got his ass kicked by ME? hmm. we want a picture of the damage. btw-your smack hurt me too! 
is 2.5 hours into the trip home w/ only 17 hours to go  p.s. @ brad, i found the grasshopper.
Is 20 tommorow, I feel old  lol.
Is 200 miles from my pillow. 
is 22 today 
is 22 years old! Wow. I feel old  LOL
is 25 today  the only plus side is that in celebrating my birthday at DISNEYLAND! : D
Is 35 today 
Is 90% done packing and calling it a night. Tomorrow is big moving day...argg...moving is lame. 
is a bad friend 
is a bit achey backed today  ...........which I think means I deserve a Muffin!!! HEATHER!!!!!!!!!!?
is a bit bummed that the #N97 don't have visual voice mail 
is a bit concerned that @change_for_iran has not tweeted in a long while. hope the person is ok 
is a bit concerned that his wolves flag might fly away 
is a bit depressed that im not going to be watching the penguins tonight. 
Is a bit devo'd they aren't bringing the chronicles of Sarah Connor back for a third season 
is a bit exhausted  think I can foretell my day tomorrow in bed my back gah!
is a bit fed up with people expecting everything to be presented to them on a plate but not lifting a finger themselves!!! 
is a bit hungry and wants desserts. This is a bad habit! 
is a bit insane to be up before 8 on a Sunday to go karting.  zzzzzz ...
is a bit shocked... had a terrible nightmare last night... about het best friend... dying. 
is a bit under the weather 
Is a bit worried.  does 05/12 mean it's expired or has yet to expire?? Help!
is a BLT on the heart healthy menu? i guess its grilled chkn salad 4 me 
is a burnt little lady 
is a business Bitch! driving to the airport  sadder than sad
is a complete failureeeeeeeeeeee 
is a dancer not a sitter  Watching the dance recital and then getting some much needed sleep. Tomorrow is a funfunfun day!!!!....
is a girl with such a tamperament! Shouldn't she be in Tampere tonight?  Bruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuce!!!!!!
is a leetle tired of taking people to airports/subway stations so they can leave me. 
Is a lil dissapointed... come on magics 
is a lil salty right now 
is a lil worried about Pea 
is a little bit of a moron really... 
is a little bit sad  but still very happy... yes i am one confused individual
is a little fed up 
is a little lost today... 
Is a little sad that my boyfriend left the bukowski book I was reading at a party. 
is a little sad...@c_whitfield is headed back to jax...w/o me.  #fb
is a little upset that she was at the marlins game in the rain and then the concert was cancelled! 
Is a poorly boy 
Is a red lobster 
is a rubbish fringe cutter 
is a sad kitty 
Is a shower too much to ask for? Just spent all day getting sweaty, no shower 
is a sick little lady 
is a single lady 
is a tad fed up 
is a tad stressed right now....  its not good!
is a talkative person even though I am shy. I just wonder why most people have a problem with conversation. 
is a terrible twitterer 
Is a third wheel like none other. Awkward. Very. 
is a tired and sick pup...I hate summer colds!! I feel like poo 
is a total fuck up 
is a twitterly redundant...I can't even upload a photo 
is a very board mammal  anyone doing anything fun today ?
is a very tried little lady, and need my bed 
is a very unhappy bunny. The day gets from bad to worse  cheering up welcome!
is a wake and not feeling good at all. 
is a wimp.  http://plurk.com/p/12ke8u
is a worried guy right now.... 
is abit happier at the thought that Ashleigh &amp; Loocie with be here soonish, but sad to miss her S-ane  ;)
is abit poorly.... 
is about ready to throw up. 3 hours worth of exams that I'm sure to fail anyway. And I still feel like death 
is about to begin another weekend and as usual ends soon.nothing SEA!!!!! 
is about to crash. not feeling well at all.    please text me, &amp; make me feel better!
is about to eat dinner. then homeworkk  desperate housewives is on tonight to.
Is about to eat some cereal..and get ready for work. I wish that I could have sometime to play the sims..but..there is never enough time 
Is about to eat some FOOD! How about some ribs what you think...sooo my feet can't touch the floor 
is about to fly back home tomorrow... How I survive 13 hr flight, hate it already 
is about to get ready for gym, charge her phone and (maybe) start some homework! i have a big night ahead of me 
is about to get some rest... I have a long week ahead of me so I might as well get some rest while I can...  lol
is about to go class 
Is about to go to bed up at 6am for work  gutted on a sunday too
is about to go to gymnastics! my last day with this class! 
is about to go to singing lesson- i feel like death 
is about to go to the doctors!! Lucky me...Sort of... 
is about to go to work  BORING!!
Is about to go to work... 
is about to have a movie night!!! YAY!!! All by myself 
is about to head back out into this heat 
is about to head home and unpack my suitcase and do homework that i didnt finish . WOOHOO. so much fun. NOT!! 
is about to head to work 
is about to leave and do a promotion a text would be nice but i guess its not gona happen 
is about to leave Angers 
is about to leave for placement. It's too nice a day to be stuck in an office 
is about to leave for work. Where's Bridget? 
Is about to leave the beach. Coming home 
is about to purchase a dot com domain for almost RM20,000. things we do for branding. *ouch* 
Is about to put up an ad for platonic friends...its that bad lol. 
is about to start Photoshopping the pictures from today - freelancing isn't easy in the current market 
Is about to start studying for her next course Biology 
Is about to start stupid chores!!!! Ewww.... stupid chores!!!! 
is about to try to start his ethics of war and peace essay... mmmmm 
is about to watch Scrubs, just cleaned my new piercing and is wondering why the hell he is awake this early 
is about to watch the last episode of Stargate Atlantis. But I don't want my supply to end  Why can't there be more? It's SUCH a good show
Is about to workout.  but gotta do it.
is absolutely bored and her internet keeps messing up 
is absolutely devestated that in approx. 32 minutes she will be saying goodbye to her bff lc for good ::tear:: stocking up on tissues 
Is absolutely disgusted with the parents of daija weaver!! How could anyone tie their child to a sand bag and drop them into a lake?! 
Is absolutely gutted to see her boyfriend go..  Come back soon? Ily x
is absolutely roasting in her office - and is jealous of the guy next door who has a fan!! 
Is absolutly gutted that ne-yo is touring whilst she is in ayia napa especially now @esmeeworld is touring with him! 
is absolutly PEEEED off with Sony to sign an exclusive deal with Ghostbusters the Game! GOD DAMN YOU! Gotta wait for the PC version 
is abt to leave soon so i cn get to greenwich for my java exam! 
is aching all over. Hope I'm not getting sick again 
is actaully having a fab night with her girlies online haha xx , still wanna see hudson  so cant wait for weds pleaseeeee be on jane xxx
Is actually dying of sickness  ugh hate life
is actually going to miss wallyworld  esspecially merdina, thankyou love for making my shift hillarious.
Is actually gonney put her phone down and sleep  noo!!
is actually not going to New Castle until the afternoon. Of what to do with myself? haha. Paper it is.  After curves and food!
is actually not keen for soccer today  for once
is actually really cold. urgh. we took about 100 photos yesterday!!!. beaute weekend. want the summer. hate revising  DEPRESSING.
Is actually workin the weekend...Not for it 
is actully gutted about the katy perry gig another 11weeks!   i hope she reads my messages Â¬Â¬
is addicted to farm town [dang rona!]  http://plurk.com/p/126e68
is addicted to sesame bars.... ive eaten so many 
is adding some stuff to her MySpace profile. I wish my baby was here 
is afraid for tani.  http://plurk.com/p/y0skw
is afraid of becoming a fatter girl in this summer holiday! 
is afraid of the Swine Flu.  http://plurk.com/p/x7uvg
is afraid of thunder and lightning.  The thunder rolling in the sky...
Is afraid of tomorrow 
is afraid she caught that thing going around... I feel utterly drained and it's only 10 am! 
is afraid to scroll down and see his karma  http://plurk.com/p/rkdt9
is again feeling sick  
is again worried about the hamster  she is now curled up in a ball in the corner of her cage 
is al twittered out 
is alittle depressed again...every time I pick myself up that one person seems to just knock me down again &amp; now I feel i should give up! 
Is Alive n Kicking!! Lol!! Sm:Tv Live... Damn, where did my childhood programmes goooo .... 
is all about the hayfever! M'eh! It's bad today! 
is all about the poker right now. Damn, I wish I was in Vegas 
is all alone on a saturday morning 
is all cleaned out 
is all confused and doesn't know what to do 
is all dammitt to hell! I've just been told that we hve to come bak tomorrow......im sooo freakin sad now 
Is all depressed and stuff. Saw a dead dog in the road, had to drive by it twice, then a dead cat. 
Is all dressed up with no where to go..  (
is all on my own in work 2day  mite start reading my book
Is all the tweet about #peterfacinelli â€˜cause it wont be any fun, if he loses the bet 
Is allergic to hay 
is allergic to his mouthwash. Swollen tongues are not nice 
is allergic to stress and breaking out in hives? i can't beliee this  i hope its gone by my birthday which is on thursday! ahhhhhh.
is almost 6am.  I'm lying in bed and I can't sleep  sucksucksucky.
is almost at church... 80s music is playing  but at least it's Cyndi Lauper! Haha. So... Girl just wanna have fun???
Is almost home  
Is almost pretty sure that he took the best shower of his life tonight but is not feeling the best 
is almost ready. i think. has yoplait and still feels terrible 
is alone at school with her luggage  somebody get here quick.
is alone at work today. 
Is already awake and wishing I didn't have to go to work.  its def a starbucks morning!!
is already dreading the end of summer 
is already missing the rain.. 
is already starting to get a headache! 
is also gulping! maths tomorrow and i have just found my revision session extremely challenging. i already did crap in the first one. AH. 
is also wondering what is going on with Facebook today.  Either it loads super slow or not at all.  
is always damn tired! 
is ALWAYS GOOD......  
is always losing 
is always tired 
is amazed at how many little cuts and bruises he's picked up in the last week, half of my fingers are refusing to work... 
is amazed how fast dropbox actually works  and how slow idisk is  so probably not paying for MobileMe and switch to other services??
is amazed that @xCarlzz has 530 updates!!!  i have 5 or 6 now... lol xx
is an insomniac 
is and always has been in love with @mileycyrus ... but too bad dats just a dream dat'll never come true 
is angry at the world.  Well....just the Organic Chemistry world.  It's only 7:58AM and today sucks already 
is angry!  grr!
is angry, sad, confused...all of the above 
is annoyed  why do people never pick up the phones when you really need them too?
is annoyed at protein folding and detergents that destroy good protein 
Is annoyed at Saints row DLC restricting my online play 
is annoyed because it's not letting me download photos 
is annoyed coz she cant find teh picture of the frozen blowjob 
is annoyed cuz i always think of ideas when it is too late 
is annoyed he couldn't get his hands on Carl cox tix 
is annoyed she can never see soulja boy on live stream coz shes in England.. he's.. everywhere.. you know.. the time difference and all 
is annoyed she cant take her daughter to see pink in melbourne,  argh! she'd love it!
is annoyed that Ali gets to go to reading when she doesn't. I cried when the Lostprophets were announced! I am soooooo jealous! 
is annoyed that laptops on eBay that include MS Office or Photoshop are actually unlicensed versions (warez/copies) when he asks seller. 
is annoyed that no1 replies 
is annoyed that people earning USD $400K thinks that they belong to the middle class and request for tax breaks.  http://ping.fm/yydJG
is annoyed that the cloud keeps covering up her sun 
Is annoyed that the smoke alarm went off at 1.30 this morning 
is annoyed that this is meant to be the last nice day and iv got to sit through a 2 1/2 hr r.e exam 
Is annoyed the queue for the new milkshake place is massive  sad times and hopes the sims 3 will work on my mac!
is annoyed when other people are &quot;too busy&quot; to do their work, so they ask me to do it. not fair!  
is annoyed with her Samsung ear phone things, that dont fit in her midget ears  Grr never heard of user testing?!
Is annoyed with people trying to take my money with out me knowing 
Is annoyed with the additional Depeche Mode dates being announced, having just had our concert postponed.. and no rescheduled date yet 
is annoyed with the amount of glass on dublin roads and the number of punctures I am getting 
Is annoyed. And feels sick about the weekend 
is annoyed...why didn't u confirm? 
is anticipating the Jimmy Buffet concert today but really doesn't want it to be raining 
Is anybody selling a used zune?????????? Mine has officially died 
Is anybody still awake? MySpace is addictive! Between watching bad movies on cable and the internet, I can't fall asleep 
Is ANYBODY up? .... I'm sooo bored! 
is anybody using an api (apart from TweetDeck) to aggregate tweets? My TweetDeck has fallen over 
Is anyone actually reading my updates?? im lonely on twitter 
Is anyone doing anything exciting for origin tonight.. I think I'm watching the Game at home, by myself.. 
Is anyone driving to norcal from la in the next couple of days? I forgot my brand new mix cd that @audreymarshall made me and I'm soo sad 
is anyone ells ahving problems on Twitter my profiel pic not comin up or ev  ??
Is anyone else having problems with their #mac and #pogo?  #pogo keeps crashing my #safari browser 
Is anyone else having trouble with the items counters on Auctiva? I have been having probs since 4/22! Support is no help at all.  
Is anyone even ON the MySpace anymore? Seems like all our friend requests are ugly dudes, online DIY stores, + emo bands 
Is anyone going out tonight? Please dont be gay and say no 
is anyone gonna be at imats on sunday? i was thinking of going saturday but i have two weddings 
Is anyone here?  -feels ignored-
is anyone know how to cure a bad big bruise on my calf in only 3 days ?? i actually need to wear my gown on sunday.. 
Is anyone not busy tomorrow and is able to lend me a digital camera? I need one asap. 
Is anyone out there?  Of course not... it's 4:07am.  I have to go to work early tomorrow and I can't sleep 
Is anyone still using Pocket Weather AU? I hope so  If you are is there any changes you want?
Is anyone up? 
is anyone watching big brother? i feel tv has hit a new low  it really is a fucking abortion
Is anyone's #visialvoicemail working. Have done the sync. Turned off &amp; on. But still not going  Help?
Is anything real anymore?   http://bit.ly/PQ4u5
is apparently allergic to Big Macs 
is aright now and just realised she brought the wrong steak 
is as work! 
is ashamed at my mom because she thinks that she can just find our cats a new home... and it doesn't work that way! 
is ashamed of herself after lashing out on aisyah just now. 
is askin where the hell of pejaten village is?? Ohh gossshh bloody hotttt!!!!!! 
Is asking what her purpose in life is. She used to know but now she doesnt 
is at @iChantz's. His Mac isn't working.  
Is at a boring wedding  yaye for me
is at Applebee's....am missing my father n 
is at Beso in Hollywood... so tired 
Is at camp missing derby with an ehh haircut. Disappontment 
Is at camp, his job, it is full of religious nuts 
is at CC's Coffee.  A guy is sitting next to me and talking loudly to himself, like a real conversation.  Good gracious this is awkward. 
Is at church sitting by herself.   needs to get friends her own age.
is at church waiting for friends to show up ... Where are my peeps 
is at church. All by himself. 
is at cricket. And just saw some boy fall over. Oh and is really scared that she's going to get hit by a ball 
Is at game training and waiting to break his ankle. It's swollen. 
is at graduation all water-y eyed 
Is at ground zero 
Is at her last youth group.  wow this flewwwww by.
is at home ...finals are over, yay! What the heck is the deal with Danny Gokey going home on Idol? I am so bummed!! 
is at home all by herself and doesn't know what to do.  things to do: watch friends, sleep, laundry, i don't know. meh.
is at home alone, Indra wont be back until tonight 
is at home and ill, once again 
is at home and should be getting some sleep but cant boo hooo 
is at home at a Saturday night. *sigh*  http://plurk.com/p/12gnd5
is at home fighting laziness... Trying to start studying 
is at home nursing his cold...  My friend called me this morning with an extra Long Beach Grand Prix ticket... a no go for me. 
is at home on a saturday night watching TV 
is at home sick, might have to miss out on the footy tonight. .so dissapointed 
is at home tonight...like home orignal home in Erin!  Awesome shopping weekend...now back to reality this week 
is at home using my smart internet bec my server is currently down.. Hope it will be restored soon 
is at home watching a CSI Miami marathon on a Friday night 
is at home watching old shows....alone!  will u join me?
is at home with a cold 
is at home with a sick muffin 
Is at home, in bed, wondering if shes losing all her friends... 
is at home, now has to get ready for the presets. farrout 
is at home. I wish my guy friends would come around and talk to me. 
is at home.. trying to get rid of this headache i have had since 2:00 yesterday.. boo 
Is at Jill's, helping babysit. An 8 year old told me my boobs were small  I'm strongly considering surgery hahh
Is at Justins being forced to sing by about 3 people. 
is at kirsties, the church was shut.  so no candle lighting!
is at least a couple months behind schedule for finishing school 
Is at ma boos coworkers daughters 15s lol can u tell im from d hood.. No liq thou 
Is at Mimi's and its been so long all the techs almost didn't know who I was.  I told them its a recession :-\ Real Talk
is at my cousins party that i accidently ruined.....!  oops.. o well still have fun and b with my boyfriend!
Is at nofx but not into it. Something up with her and this has brought me down 
is at odds with her Pre.  We should still be in our honeymoon phase!  
is at school  and has yearbook signings today!
is at school and cant get caught on twitter....sorry  i couldnt txt u bac heather, no service in the library  lol
is at school. some boring shit 
is at school.. And where did the sun go? 
is at schooooool. havent had no dinner as us girls had to danceee  bad bad times.
is at shisha with NJ and Syarif. heheheheh. using Syarif's new laptop. LOL budak poly 
is at Stafford Train Station and just watched Em's train pull away heading southbound on the WCML 
is at the airport / bye bye new york  x
is at the beach with a cold  there goes the vacation
is at the beach... and burnt to a crisp 
is at the dentist! 
Is at the doc office 
Is at the doctors. Pray for me becausethen all my of m plans for today are cancelled. 
is at the emergency room with ian. (sigh) this is almost becoming routine 
is at the ER with the kid...  This came at a bad time.
Is at the Hard Rock and wants to go to a bar...but that probably won't happen 
is at the library cuz my lappie is broken 
is at the library using their wireless signal.  My wireless internet is not working at home.  Whaaaaaa! 
Is at the support desk and dreads answering these phone calls. JOKE!!!!! Now I know how the Indians feel at the CALL CENTERS 
Is at the Y... Last day 
is at tiendesitas, working. hate this day. have a headache because of the weather. 
is at uni... wanting to get on a train for 3 hrs to get to Nestor's adv training session tonight at LDA 
Is at victoria gardens : / again..... Urghhhh 
Is at work 
Is at work  ohwell need money so : D
is at work &amp; just cut her finger open even more 
is at work and doesn't want to be here. gloomy day 
is at work and is in alot of pain  ...this is going to be a loooooooong day!
is at work and saddened due to Ted Baker London not being able to ship to the continental US  I want the hat!
is at work and still has an hour to go 
is at work at 8.30 in the morning, 
is at work but terribly sleepy! 
Is at work but wishes he was outside in the sun 
is at work for the night      I wish i could find a day job
Is at work like a sucka! 
is at work now.  http://plurk.com/p/uaxt5
is at work on a public holiday 
is at work on a Saturday, It's all wrong!! Need my bed 
is at work on a Saturday...  booo.  
Is at work on the roof Where's the sun gone 
is at work ready to go home just to wake up and do it all over again.....  
is at work till 12. booooo! Missin my babe Jammer too 
is at work today.....tomorrow is a holiday.....WHY THE ****ARE WE AT WORK? What a waste of a day 
is at work uggh gonna be here til 10  some one save meeeeeeee!
Is at work while everyone else got 2 sleep in 
IS AT WORK WITH ANOTHER HEADACHE  
is at work!  but hey at least i have company!!! loool!
Is at work, and i already dont feel well.   well good night twitter till. Be well.
is at work, but I left my phone at home 
Is at work, studying for french 
is at work, throat is still sore 
is at work, waiting to hear about a job I interviewed for, but still not heard anything yet 
is at work, with a boo boo on her knee 
is at work. It looks like it going to be a beautiful day. Today is the last day I see my husband for 5 weeks 
Is at work.,. Soooooo tired and bored 
is at work.. well at this training place. so pointless me being in here! i hate it! 
is at work... again. No call yet, fingers still crossed 
is at work...feels light-headed...is really hungry...and wants to go home and sleep. 
is at work...gonna be a long day,too much work pending 
is at work...it's dead...I feel dead...someone please entertain me 
is at work..so much spanish hw to do when i get home!.. and miscellaneous other makeup work 
is at workk feeling like shit. I hate being sick 
is att worrkk!! 
is attempting to be clever. 
Is attempting to do from half 9 in the morning to half 11 at night in the library. 
is attempting to pack arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Is attempting to study for her exam 
Is attending a twitter conference on Sunday 
is attending interview later... tired  can i choose not to go....... keke^^
is awaaaaake. Last update was only 6 hours ago 
Is awaiting a delivery that should have been here between 8-12 
is awaiting the F1 race! no candy left though 
is awake again at 5am with no one to talk to 
is awake and about to start packing 
Is awake and can't sleep. Currently listening to 774 ABC  Talk back .  but they are playing Brick - Ben's Fold Five such a sad song 
Is awake and definately not kicking   So tired still oh well back to work again today 
is awake and does not want to go to work... 
is awake and doing work, what else is new?! 
Is awake and feels horrible 
Is awake and getting ready to start my day 
Is awake and having breakfast. Work soon. And will be doing the same tomorrow morning. No sleep ins for Britt 
is awake and really doesn't wanna be 
is awake and still in pain! Yay! 
is awake at a stupidly early time for a weekend 
is awake sad day todat, last dinner with grandfather before he moves away 
is awake TO LATE because nobody woke me up to go running..  now ...i have to sweat in then bloody heat
is awake too early and he could have slept in. 
is awake! legs feel like jello from last night random jog, work soon  in the mean time listening to hit the lights ;)
is awake! texting my crush...sorry boyfriend 
Is awake, and its rather cold and windy today  Looks like we've recieved a polar continential weather front!!! Yes, i'm studying geo 8-)
is awake, bored, and annoyed 
is awake, no plans 
Is awake, uni times, bad times 
Is awake.  why am I not sleeping
is awake. Sineads bday was live Sineads party was live! hold tight everyone that turned up! now i gots 2 get ready 4 work kmt 
is awake... 
is away 
is away to do her long shift at work  have a good weekend guys
is babysitting my lil sis  xxx
is babysitting on a friday night 
is back 2 seeing miserable weather  I h8 winter
is back 2 work tomorrow 
is back after a busy weekend....back to work tomorrow....but without a car  Public transport it is!!
is back at his desk today..no Giro car rides today 
Is back at home in TX  A lil bummed I didn't get to do even half of the stuff I wanted to...ready to go back to Cali...
is back at school, in the hot hot dorms, bleh 
is back at the office after helping out at the hospital, walked up from Stourubridge down centre.  Grr. Atleast I got dindins.
is back at work  flip side is only 2day and 2moro to do at work!!
is back at work 2moro. Back to life, back to reality 
is back at work and badly needing a vacation...  http://plurk.com/p/xbxbp
is back at work boooo for me 
Is back at work today after a week off! 
Is back at work, and its busy as 
is back at work.  http://plurk.com/p/xkvty
is back at work... 
is back at work...Although I wish I was back in bed... 
is back early from the camping trip via the drop in centre...Mrs Beano and the boys have flu 
is back from bermuda  now gotta pay some bills
is back from d of e god it's tyrin  n i hate sheep!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is back from Darwin, Adelaide is too cold! 
is back from First day of school...and as part of new regimen will be back online only at 9 P.M  http://plurk.com/p/1126d0
Is back from fredericksburg, and is now working on h/w 
Is Back From Her Getaway To Dunsborough &amp; Margaret River..Back To Reality 
is back from her last semi-group dinner. I is all alones tomorrow  #fb
Is back from italy, and a lil disappointed its cold 
Is back from major shopping spree...sucks that its raining  Where is summer???
is back from New York, but wants to go back so badly 
is back from school!  http://plurk.com/p/tpyqn
Is back from school! No homework for the whole week! Whoo! This day was more interesting than the rest. It just gets weirder every day. 
is back from southsea  yar got a top Â£6!! thought it said love stinks but it says loved up  lol xD and is watching Home provement 
is back from Stockholm and missing @anders_pj's birthday party 
is back from the beach. 
is back from the rain. Game postponed.  http://plurk.com/p/xmw65
Is back from work. Then back to the lied at 7! Eatin' dinner alone 
is back got a french mani not pedi! 
is back home after passing time at office!! My office su**s 
is back home and charging his Iphone which went dead for the second time today 
is back home and missing the guy she met at the beach 
Is back home from Yosemite 
is back home now      gonna miss every one
is back home, and lonely. 
is back in bed 4 a bit to try nap off this stupid 10Day headache  gonna rain again today :-p
Is back in bed suffering thru a horrible headache.... 
is back in Byron Bay @cafe Fresh, missing all my Melbourne friends 
is back in Chch, oh yea!! Now to find a new flat  Have to move out, flatties moving in with boyfriend so I have to go ...... 
is back in Hastings! Missin LDN already 
is back in Hatfield and wishes it was still the weekend 
is back in her own bed. Alone. Looking to the stars. My new place won't have stars 
is back in Jersey! i miss my girls 
is back in mississippi and heading to bed...gotta go to work tomorrow 
is back in newcastle today moving out her things 
is back in NY... with dead internet.  Call if you need me.
is back in pompey and doesnt want to start thinking about the work load 
is back in the Hotel...last night here 
is back in the land of twitter and back in the land of the north west  but is with spikey now 
is back in the real world... no more rollercoasters or brownnosers. 
Is back in work after fab few days away in the caravan, oh Why do i have to work 
is back live on stickam.. but feeeel like dying as i've had zilch sleep 
is back off to work .... split 2day, through 2mrw and full day sat w/ a wedding 
is back on night schedule... aka... being a day behind watching Conan... 
is back on the casus University versus WoW... it is so damn hard to decide the right thing and be ok with that decision... 
is back online...my computer overheated 
is back to back games with a goal! Too bad we lost  still fun though.  Sleep time, then FRIDAY!
Is back to being alone. 
is back to college after the easter break 
Is Back To Hell 
is back to home now! tirreed 
Is back to reality and the cold and rain of DC. 
is back to reality cuz hes goin bak to bein a celebrity..... 
is back to reality... 
is back to school tomorrow 
is back to square one!  http://plurk.com/p/sty3i
is back to the internets, painful sunburn is itchy  but had a good day ;)
is back to work after a 3 day weekend. 
is back using plain old Digsby  ALPHA has flat-lined on me. http://ff.im/-2w9V9
is back, my feet are killing me!! 
is back, where's wabbit?? 
is back.  Loving the sunshine but can't find the cushion for her sunbed so is inside 
is badtrip cos my laptop's still sick  http://plurk.com/p/z1acl
is baking cookies for @erinmusicluver @felicialovesyou @clayronk @karl_pearson @thatsjustzack and @speakssllooww  that really sucks. &lt;3
is baptism. then studying for the math b. till i die... 
Is becoming a chef, but cannot afford the massive fees of schools such as Tante Marie 
Is bed-bound and starving after having all 4 wisdom teeth removed yesterday, and resembles a hamster 
is beening made to watch football  .. badtimes!
is beginning the last week at Beauchamp 
is beginning to think that inevitable is going to happen and that the Lakers are going to win the NBA championship 
Is beginning to think that maybe she should give up on this wanting to become an actress?! 
is behind watching Wolverine, Star Trek and even the pinoy films. 
is being a big baby and wants to get off work 
is being a fat ass and having a cheeseburger deluxe! woow its so delicious! lol hope everyone is enjoying the weather, im stuck @ work 
Is Being bored again 
is being bored watching the hubby play soccer 
Is being comforted by BBC radio 
Is being crafty for fathers day than off to bunco 
Is being dragged round shops 
is being followed by none 
is being harassed by some internet guy in Hong Kong. I think it is a scam to sell urls. But he keeps mentioning my TM application. 
is being invaded by flying critters with pointy bums  @RealBillBailey, its the start of an insect naition!!! ah-ah-ahahah!!!
is being rarther bored 
is being shown up in relationship status by ms. caity caraballo... 
Is being to feel overwhelmed again 
is being treated like s**t 
Is beyond sad 
Is beyond tired. And hungry. And doesn't want to go to work  http://myloc.me/5ABP
is big time screwed for property law and very much screwed for constitutional law too.  http://plurk.com/p/yzur3
is bittersweet about the upcoming week... 
is blah today ..  very sad and sickly feeling. ready to go home and not in the mood for niceness, i've pissed off two students already.
Is Blah..Everyone I Know Seems To Have Problems That I Can't Fix  Sleep Time!
is blaming La Roux for the near death of my laptop 
is blasting some of the veronicas songs from her jukeboxx &lt;3   and who cares if obama killed a fly?! why are making such a fuss!?
is bleeding  well off to bed.. tomorrow first day of class!
is blowing my nose! I hate being SICK 
is board 
IS BOARD  N WANT 2 NOW WA I CAN DO LOL 
is board as hell now 
is boarding EK348 - as usual, no upgrade from EK Colombo 
is boared 
Is BOOORED on the train back to london! 
is bored   jurong point ltr :S
is bored  and soaked. Stupid British weather &gt;
is bored  cinema later though the sleep over (Y)
is bored  Slumping on the couch, watching BBC report on President Chavez and the Venezuelan people, off IM for tonight :| Gnite tweeps
is bored - stuck inside after the snow storm, nothing on TV 
is bored  ughh..
is Bored  Walang magawa!
is BORED !!! and wow twitters of slow  lol
is bored @ work.. 
is bored 2 death.... 
is bored 2 death......... 
is bored all alone at work 
is bored and bored of cereal!!! 
Is bored and doesnt know what to do today 
Is bored and fed up. I hate rainy days and the fact I have nothing better to do than work  role on June 4th
is bored and feels really bad... 
Is bored and hating being home alone. 
is bored and not well. i have a bug!!!  poor meeeee!!!x
Is bored and sittin' in on a Friday night 
is bored as fuk  xx
is bored as hell 
Is bored as no cricket today 
is bored at home 
Is bored at home due to the painfull outcome of his removed wisdom teeth last thursday.  Don't want to watch another dvd 
is bored at home. Holidays are such a drag! 
is bored at school and my throat it swollen 
Is bored at work 
Is bored at work and I don't get off until 10 
is bored at work, uber hungry &amp; poor... Fail 
Is bored at work. 
is bored cuz iv had the day off school  X
is bored going to be doing homework all day! 
is bored like crap 
is bored like hell 
is bored like helll 
Is bored mindless in the stockroom re pricing books  
is bored now 
Is bored of doing this spreadsheet 
is bored of internship 
is bored of revision  
Is bored on a sunday night at home  x
is bored out of her brain  Hurray up 5pm!!!
is bored out of her skull today. 
is bored out of his mind. 
is bored out of my brain..everyone is at footy and no one wants to play 
is bored out of my mind....  I want to be in california.
Is Bored Sat At Home 
Is bored stupid. There's only so much Nick Jr a girl can take but the hubby and son don't seem bothered about doing anything today 
is bored there is nothing to do 
is bored tired and bitchy!! life doesnt get much better than this...   
Is bored to hell and only just got up, couldn't sleep til 4am, CBA to do anything, but need to get food 
is bored to tears 
is bored to tears!!! 
Is bored with farmtown 
Is bored with the finals... Excite me 
Is bored wonderign what she can have for her 16th birthday :/ some one help 
is bored XD who's online? just came back from lake and it got burned 
is bored! I wanna go out, but I feel ill. 
is bored!!  miss all of my friends  :/ summer is already boring :/ but i dont miss homework bla! lol LYLAS H.A.G.S.
is bored!!! just got soaked, stupid rain, was sunny not long ago 
is bored!!!! theres no1 bout  still gota unpack yet, how borin lol
is bored, and has to go to school 
is bored, bored, bored and once again bored!!!!! grrrrrrrr 
Is bored, no-one else is watching me 
is bored, thinking about tomorrow, about whether im excited for school or not.. Oh i hate being confussed 
is bored, tired and lonely in his motelroom, I wanna go home to Alex 
is bored.  ima listen to some tuuuuunes then sleep. Ciao. x
is bored. i wanna go out 2nite but im gonna be at home studying 
is bored. my BFF doesn't want to hang out 
is bored. verrrry verrrrry bored.  o well...
is bored. Won't have anything to do till 3pm today. 
is bored.. with an arm full of stitches  
is bored... hungry and too warm 
Is boredd majorly 
is boreddd of revisingg 
is boredddddddddddddddddddddddd and should have gone to the gym today 
Is Boreedd  x
is boring when no one is on twitter  It is tres ennuyeux XD
is bout to go to bed my sinuses are killin me tonight cant stop sneezing 
Is bowling &amp; sucking at it 
is boyless at the moment  how sad
is bringing apology cookies on the train this morning for Evelyn! I'm sorry I missed your show! 
is broke. really really broke 
is broke..BIG time!  now, how do i get through the fully packed weekend schedule? think, heide, think!
is Brooklyn-hearted  http://tinyurl.com/d7e272
Is brrrrrrr, its cold and raining. So much for the Sunday session 
is buddyaches  http://plurk.com/p/13vve9
is bummed about the cancelled 311 show 
is bummed because some tagsalers going to the sale across the street from the Bricker drove over my flowering ground cover. 
is bummed because the lady, who he thought did a good job, jacked up his hair AND cut off his tail 
is bummed Gary Papa died. 
is bummed out that the wind bent one of my tomato plants-the only one with tomatoes on it already!!! 
is bummed out. don't know what to do 
is bummed she didn't get to go to the party last night.  Missed another PRUDENCE Reunion. 
Is bummed that David Garrison left wicked 
Is bummed that his host doesn't seem to support #django 
is bummed that I couldn't go to the Let's Make a Mess concert today cuz of stupid school.  &amp; Maybe going to listen to J-bros new CD? yes?
is bummed that it's Thursday and there is no Law &amp; Order SVU on 
is bummed that Maggie &amp; The Mace aren't going to be able to make it back this weekend - I'll miss my second Father's Day with them. 
is bummed that my hotel doesn't have MSNBC.  No Morning Joe this morning.   #NYC
is bummed that the final &quot;Remember...Dreams Come True&quot; fireworks show at Disney was cancelled tonight due to winds.  
is bummed the transmission on his Volvo went out on the way home today 
is bummed, went to check out warped tour and scary kids wont be playing in ohio 
is bummed. 
is bummed.  Last day of vacation, checkout is in 1 hour.  Tomorrow, back to hell  http://plurk.com/p/11nbjg
is bummed. No tickets left  Oh well. We tried!
Is bummed/surprised/Iritated that one of my fav starbucks closed. 
Is burning up! It is hot outside tonight! And we don't have the air on 
is Burnt  Very Bad Times.....
Is burnt every where 
Is Butterfactory really so fun? Seems like it's the new Zouk these days. I've totally lost touch with the nightlife 
is camping after school.... please be a good day. 
is camping with no service again. 
Is cannot waiy for tomorrow but I'll be missing my baby 
is casting away constness... 
is catching up with the last couple of katie&amp;peters,finding it very uncomfortable veiwing,you can see the cracks startin to show 
is cat-less. Samantha is getting bloodwork and urinalysis done. 
is celebrating &quot;No Fun Sunday&quot;.  I hate it when Nel works weekends   Sadness #fb
is celebrating her engagement at Disneys Hollywood Studios and Magic Kingdom before departing tonight! 
is chatting with a mysterious character know as Silver Mercedes. Her Uncle must work for General Motors 
Is chatting with his m8s! In 10 minutes i'm studing bio  sooo fucking boring! School is boring! Isn't it?
is checking ... nope, she didn't care about Jon &amp; Kate before and she still doesn't. RIP Ed McMahon, though. 
is cheesed off with computer's cpu running @  100% all the time   me feels a reinstaalltion is gonna be needed - PANTS
Is cheeseless... 
is chewing on a golf tee and, well, not killing time but... i could be working on my house. and instead, im working 
is chillaxin for the last time bck to skl tomoz  xxx
is chilled out tonite, so cannot spew venom or write funny. Seems like these are the only 2 styles she has 
is chillin at the snow cone stand waitin 4 britt. so ready 4 tonite, but at the same time so not.  and  lol
is chillin' at the TAM Lounge in Sao Paulo...3 hours to kills, then back to the US. Estou muito triste para sair Brazil 
Is chillin with amanda. Got the worst cold  cinema soon!
is chilling and listening to music. Edmonton tomorrow...for what? family -_- Still have a project to work on as soon as i'm back... 
Is chilling at home, missing her baby 
is chilling feeling really poorley 
Is chilling with victoria chris and aaron 
is choking like a bastard 
is churlisch, that the weather throw a spanner in tha plan to fligh on the glacier today 
is clean out of Nag Champa! 
is cleaning all day long 
is cleaning his iTunes - it is like my SL inventory only WORSE!!  http://plurk.com/p/118tg1
is cleaning my car for someone to come look at it.  i hope it sells, but i'll miss it! ah.. the sacrifices of life!
is cleaning my room, the bathroom, the kitchen and re-booting the computer   I guess I'll put Super Mario on hold...
is cleaning the entire house 
is cleaning up his room...throwing away a lot of stuff from high school and earlier. depressing because the memories are so faint 
is cleaning.    not quite what I wanted to do on this vacation.
is cleaning.. 
is clueless about everything.. 
is clueless on how to get to Lucban Quezon for tomorrows  Pahiyas Festival  http://plurk.com/p/tra20
is cold 
Is cold  Mind you I have been sat outside for 30 mins waiting for a lift. I don't care how much of a balearic evening it might be!!!
Is cold + rainy 
Is cold and shivering... is getting sick  and i still have to clean and move my stuff... and my dad is coming tomorrow!!
is cold and wished to go back to bed 
is cold at work again today...I gotta remember to pack my SNUGGIE in my car 
Is cold. Why is winco so freezing? 
Is coming to Australia on your 'Someday/Maybe' list?  I've sent so many emails &amp; have now accepted that it may never be...  
is completely out of bookshelf real estate 
is completly pissed off because im stuck at home feeling like crap  i want to go to college!
is concerned about Italians missing the opportunity to change things by not voting to the referendum 
is confused  http://plurk.com/p/xb2po
is confused &amp; hurt 
is confused about how to work twitter 
Is confused about June... torrential rain...again?  Did it get the memo? 
is confused about life, how can u want some1 so bad that u cant have 
Is confused about so many things and so many people. I find it hard to read makes me sad 
is confused as to why she can't see anyone else's updates... 
is confused by spotify 
is confused by twitter .. 
is confused! 
Is confused. It's still hot, but the sun has gone away 
is confused..  &amp; needs some more time!!!
is considering to sit in the sun shine to make my goal not gonna happen thou 
Is constantly in the worse lane while driving. Sitting on the 78 
is convinced she has adult ADD... and an insane addiction to her computer. I hope they have a pill for that. 
is cooking chorizo, knowing the doesnt get to scramble some eggs in it and eat it right now. 
is coughing and sneezing her brains out yay.  My throat is also on fire. 
is coughing and sneezing!!      
is coughing and wants to stop 
is counting down to the final exam. 11 days. Bleh. How &quot;fun&quot;. 
Is covered in sweet tea 
is cracking on with her work....Ugghh  I am SO bored 
is cracking on with some work but really wants to be out in the sun, but cant due to sunburn 
Is cramming for biology 
is cramming for school works due tomorrow. And yeah, CSB will start the class tomorrow for those who are asking. Hay 
is cranky...it's HOT inside the house again, will the a/c issue ever really be successfully addressed? I am beginning to think not 
is crapping ones-self ... 4 hours sleep and still dont know the bloody thing!!! why cant it just be friday 
Is craving a cup of &quot;feel good&quot;! yum yum! Not a big Fan of having the flu! 
is craving an English muffin.   And she doesn't have any.  
is craving cheese! 
is craving dodgy kebab shop pizza....why cant i be in sydney 
is craving for  a paan. gawd, never thought would see this day..............missing home 
is craving for good food! 
is craving for ice cream! 
is craving for Krispy Creme  http://plurk.com/p/svijm
Is craving for lasagne!  very very badly..
is craving for loadsa' cheese cakes  http://plurk.com/p/y1eyr
is craving for Mcd right now 
Is craving for Sashimi! God 
is craving KFC salad...booo  http://plurk.com/p/11lyss
Is craving Pinkberry right about now 
is craving water right now  its sooooo HOT 2nyt....seriously
is crawling into bed. Today sucked balls 
Is crazy how shool changed so much i remember when I was in high school we were inocent but that is not cool anymore! so sad 
is cripledd  lmao
is crippled 
is crushed 
is crushed and disappointed in someone's lack of response regarding the birthday present she gave someone special 
is crying 
is crying again... ayoko na :'-(  http://plurk.com/p/rdy4n
is crying at the state of her room 
is crying at work. 
IS CRYING BECAUSE HER DOG FLEET HAS ALREADY PASSED AWAY HE WAS THE BEST DOG I COULD HAVE AND HE DIED AT ABOUT 5:50 SO SAD ( 
is crying because kayles is leaving.  i shall miss you my little lesbian friend
is crying cause she can't find a pretty prom dress   looks like i'll stay at home friday night. sigh.
Is crying like a baby. I want him back  I was feeling off in school then I saw him and he gave me a big hug. Now he's gone.
Is crying my real pain out 
is crying that nadal is out 
Is Crying!!! 
is crying..because the school years over  i wont get to see my teachers!  i wont get to see johnathan.......
is currently at school. And i am bored 
Is currently at work and counting down the hours until she's finished. 18 down, 7 to go 
is currently doing geography assignment 
is currently in amsterdam!! had an awesome time in london. the trip is amazing. apart from the lost ipods 
is currently missing Myka's sweet sixteen.  http://plurk.com/p/y2is2
is currently walking around her hotel aimlessly, hoping to find russel brand 
is currently wondering why she never sleeps 
is cursed, and this time there is proof  #fb
is customizing some old band shirts and trying not to sing. altho failing terribly! 
is cut about no being able to do assignment today. instead i have to help maintain the back yard. 
is cutting out &quot;elvis&quot;... fringe... there's so much fringe.. 
is damn bored. 
is damn i shouldnt have listened to that song...w/ the way im feelin now...  ..
is damn sick...my head is literally blowing 
is damn sore after sunbatheing to long 
is dead dead tiredd 
is dead tired  http://plurk.com/p/11dx24
Is dead tired  sleep time!
is dead tired &amp; going to bed now after informing herself a bit about twitter...p.s. had a burrito for dinner 2day! not so yum though  xo
is dead tired and has a maths exam in the morning grr 
is dealing with teenage attitudes before school even starts.  Totally takes the joy out of the morning.  
is dealing with the worst stomach pain that you could think of. Its been this way all day long and now I feel like throwing up 
is debating if I should take a cab to work and be on time or bus and be late??? 
is debating whether to go to history revision this afternoon, not like i'll learn anything but i'll have to hide, they'll come n get me! 
is deeply offended by certain remarks and can't figure out how to &quot;block&quot;. 
is definately dying and has to go to work 
is definitely coming down with a cold... 
Is delayed with easy jet 
is delighted the 4-hour exam is over, is pleased with how he did, but is quite depressed that his Sciences Po days have come to an end 
Is deply upset over man united's loss  deeply upset
is depressed  http://plurk.com/p/13ueo0
is depressed about how dark her hair is. 
is depressed about it all 
Is depressed alittle right now 
is depressed cuz corr cant com 2 the mall with her. 
is depressed he isn't going to be able to see David Archuleta. 
Is depressed my dog had a stroke and is blind 
is depressed, lonely, and just feeling poopy 
Is depressed, RW is sold out  Help me out here! I'm despered
is depressed. hates job. 
Is Depressed.... 
is desperate to see the jonas brothers 3D concert experience, why isn't it on at night? 
Is desperately lookin for a job 
is desperately tryin not to.... Ive got no will power... 
is devastated his partner of over 3 years has left him today and moved to Gibraltar 
is devastated that her imaginary Giraffe has been taken hostage 
is devastated that ITV has axed Primeval 
is devastated the Cadbury chocolate factory no longer offer tours 
is devastated. ICT room ruined by blocked drain and subsequent roof leak. Just what we needed 
is did not get a new phone  headed to Texas for hollys graduation!
I's didn know bout #pussycatisland no niptini for me 
Is diggin BBM. Seriously. Misses his Touch Pro kb though 
is disapointed  where has the sun gone 2day?? x
Is disappointed  barrrrrh  just got in from town
Is disappointed at the Sirius app, that just came out. No stern, ugh. I have been waiting so long for this app too 
is disappointed because i wont be home to watch mommy enjoying her birthday gift tomorrow. 
is disappointed he won't get to see a Kobe and Lebron showdown. 
Is disappointed in my twittering skillz lately.  I'm just not twittering enough, and I can tell.  lol.
is disappointed that Chun Shui Tang has discontinued his favorite pork dish! WTF!  At least they have the Original Bubble Milk Tea! LOL!
Is disappointed that his new laptop won't fit in his new laptop case 
is disappointed that the &quot;oblivion&quot; spell only worked in the morning, during her presentation 
is disappointed that the Oscar Wilde Bookshop has closed down 
is disappointed that we had the chance to go to the braves game and we're not going   
is disappointed the tweets arent coming through to my cell phone 
is disappointed there hasn't really been a good sunset lately 
Is disappointed. 
is disappointed.  The Suttie Wedding via webcast was not a great success.  Got to see the dress though! 
is disappointed. is very very disappointed 
is disbanding her year-old book club.  argh. last meeting next next saturday. &lt;/3
Is disgusted with the new everton home shirt!! Gutted. Hadn't bought a home shirt for a few seasons and i wont be this season 
is dissapointed in people. 
Is dissappointed in jadas album 
is dissatisfied with her microwave dinner 
Is distraught that this rain has frizzed the only parts of my hair I didn't let the perm sit in long enough.       *sighs*
Is distressed he's lost his Nivana CD 
is ditching brunette locks, will be coveting lots of hats this season until my roots grow out  horrendous!
is doesn't have idea huh  http://plurk.com/p/xoxmz
is dog tired - thought weekends were regrouping times, but no rest means no recuperation - something's gotta f'in give 
Is doin our Kappa Delta sendoff I love me sisters whose graduating n leavin me 
Is doing a bit of spring cleaning and de-cluttering 
is doing a oh so interesting scale drawing at college 
Is doing a sadface. Offline and Online. 
is doing absalute NOTING todoay  ....... just being bourd wiff my fams and boyfriend ....
is doing absolutely nothing today 
IS doing awsome  , tomorow school  ...
is doing great except for not having a phone 
is doing her accounting assign 
is doing her coworker's work that was left behind and is sick..such a bad day 
is doing her dissertation 
is doing her dreaded assignment 
is doing her english essay 
is doing her music project  so bored...
is doing his Homework, lots to do and so little time 
is doing homework 
is doing homework  haha
is doing homework she 4got to do!! ugh stupid homework pointless!!!! 
is doing homeworkk. 
is doing HW..  http://plurk.com/p/113a8y
is doing ITC essay, another 2,500 words to go 
is doing kelly's work because kelly will nom her tomorrow if it isn't done 
is doing laundry 
is doing laundry and cleaning 
is doing laundry then has to go to work later 
Is doing nothing .. Why are sundays always so boring ... 
Is doing shitty coursework 
is doing some silly C/W thats he dint even choose to do but is been forced to! 
is doing some tv commercial compiling for the station till the continuity systems is fully operational 
Is doing stupid revision 
is doing sum last min revision 
is doing the dishes. What an awful way to spend a Friday Evening...don't ya think? 
is doing the very adult thing and staying in to find a job, that and the fact I'm too sunburnt to go to the beach again 
is doing things a maid was meant to do 
is doing uni work  but looking forward to catching up with the girls tonight!
is doing well with this Jewish essay 
Is done with the new auto-text on my phone... going to remove it. 
is done with work at 3p today..yayyyyyy...but its raining 
is done, can't work outside anymore, too wet. 
is done....im sorry. its too hard..... 
is doomed to spend her life disappointed because real life can never be as good as you can imagine it will be. . . . 
is dorm alone...sooo sad  http://plurk.com/p/11us7b
is double booked for lunchens  gonna be soooo full
is down 
is down with a cold 
is down with the flu  ... Anyone passing by Blockbuster later?
is down with the sickness  http://plurk.com/p/y3z60
is downloading 6P! eeeew!  UTS!
is downloading music: but it not working and it is pissing me off 
Is dragging tryna get up for work  all that tossing and turning last night already messed up my day.....along with other things.....
is dreadin havin to get up for work and dealin wit sick kids 
is dreading 6:30 when H.B.I.C. wants me to shave her a landing strip.  
is dreading another work week ahead 
is dreading english and geog tomorrow 
is dreading going back to work tomorrow 
is dreading going into work tomorrow...the dungeon awaits  No fair!
is dreading going to work tomarrow! 
is dreading having to start 3 massive assignments all due within 2 weeks 
is dreading having to study...make it stop 
is dreading school tomorrow 
is dreading the 5 shots that she has to get this summer 4 the nursing program and is not looking forward to next Saturdays 8 hr CPR class 
Is dreading the drive to Tallahassee today 
is dreading the Physics GCSE Tomorrow 
is dreading the stroke of midnight.does *not* want to turn 26 
is dreading to start studying. 
is dreading work tomorrow 
Is Dreamweaver a socially acceptable way to make websites these days? Or should I be using notepad? I don't know what counts as #geekfail 
is drinking coffee at the moment.. tomorrow's the first day at school after the holidays 
is drinking cokeee and very bored, no one has twitter 
is drinking lovely tea she bought in London in December: Yumchaa's &quot;Caramel Sweetheart&quot;. It's almost all gone...  http://www.yumchaa.com/
is driving to new jersey now and not watching the mets 
is drooling over taylor lautner's new body.. and hes sooo young 
is drowning in a sea of doubt  I wish it could kill off my ENTIRE hope but my heart is way too stubborn, I'm such a fool. Goodbye Internet
Is drowning in reports. Be back up for air after 2:30pm 
is dumbfounded &amp; staggered to just learn an old old friend on my puma site died yesterday of a heart attack! Mr Yamamoto, RIP old friend 
is duper tired 
Is dying at school! Yesss, on a sunday! Inhumane treatment of working students! 2 more freaking hrs to suffer 
is dying in the heat 
Is dying learning 613 Spanish verbs 
is dying slowly... 
is dying the barnet. ;D laters reddddddd. 
Is eager to watch game 2 of the finals~ game 1 was sad 
is eating an apple, craving TWWLI...stil havent seen it on the tv though 
is eating cold pizza...again. worrying about ron 
Is eating cold pizza...and STILL having internet problems 
Is eating dairy milk and watching big brother and not looking forward to sleeping in tent tonight!! Haha tis cold 
is eating dinner at really dumb times while Beth is away on vacation without me 
Is eating hamburgers without katchup... 
is eating her dinner at 12am in the morning; talk about UNHEALTHY 
is eating his lunch at the park..by himself. That is sad. 
is eating lebanese pizza for breakfast... mmm yum cheese manouche haha but damn this toothache and earache.. i cant enjoy it 
is eating stale scampi nik-naks  and trying to figure twitter out!
is eating way too many Brownies and Wasabi Pistachios. Sighh. My tummy 
is eBaying and Etsying it up this afternoon but fast running out of photo-storing space on my laptop 
Is ecstatic about another revision fuelled day 
is effing bored at home  SOMEONE COME ON SKYPE ALREADY!!!
is embarking on the Monday chore of picking up and getting laundry started.  I forgot to start a load last night, so I feel behind.  
Is engaged in a battle with youtube and forever-cutting-out school internet  Too broke to get a cable.
is enjoying a beer... wants to go back to the rocks sometime soon  Loooove it!
is enjoying a yummy salad, but missing her avocado  that's what happens when your husband does the grocery shop.
is enjoying at here, but tomorrow going back ler..  http://plurk.com/p/y6yna
Is enjoying her days off from work....but knowing that days off are vashing fast again!  lol
is enjoying her days off of work..but back to work tomorrow.. 
is enjoying her last day at home 
is enjoying her short night in! back to work at half 8 
Is enjoying his birthday/bank holiday time off work.....don't send me back tomorrow 
Is enjoying his last minutes of the free and easy life...will climb into transport vehicle and return to reality soon. 
is enjoying lunch with Duane at our favorite lunch restaurant, Famosa's, for the last time ever 
Is enjoying married life but does not enjoy being sick, especially on a friday. 
Is enjoying my last hours before heading back to work tomorrow...  
is enjoying the fast transition from spring to summer. Dumped pool water, and patiently waiting on the pool to fill back up. 
is enjoying the lovely beautiful weather...NOT! 
is enjoying the sun!!!!!!!!! but at work... 
is enjoying the sunshine. Home alone and so bored though 
is enjoying the thunderstorm...NOT!! no tv, no internet and flickering lights 
Is entirely sick of being unwell and needs to get on with assignments. Blleeeuuurrrggghhh! 
is envy. BarkaDOTS is going to Tagaytay and Batangas without me, Ara, Nikki, and Lim.  Keep safe on the road guys!
Is everybody sleep!  LOL... Took a nap, now I'm wide awake! This is not the business! Bout to go work out in a min.
Is everyone at a party tonight 
Is everyone downloading iPhone 3.0 ? iTunes keeps timing out  #itunes #iPhone
is evidently in Leeds Not Silverstone 
is ewwwwwwwww awfulhorrilbenogooddisgusting day. 
is exceptionally bad at nail varnish application despite her gender 
is excited about her first twitter... but has no friends  how lonely.
is excited for camp... but will be sad the second week of it cuz Joe is going to washington D.C.  ....
is excited for download. wishes she was going out tonight though, but nobody wants to play on a work night 
Is excited for Flordia. Birthday is in 70 days, dissapointed I won't get my own car  But i'm still not sure what I want...probably nothing
is excited for Tony's tomorrow, but not sure if she can watch! Damn not having foxtel 
is excited to get back to Riverbluff this morning after weeks away. Too bad this will be the last time 'til next semester 
is excited to spend some time with the most amazing mom in the world; my mom! My bestest will be here soon &amp; I cant wait! No golf though! 
is excited, beach partyy!but is also very ill. 
is exhausted  http://plurk.com/p/1266ru
is exhausted after random day at work.  And missed my lovely boys too much 
is exhausted after their performance at Clearwater. Wala pa kong tulog  http://plurk.com/p/12fvq5
is exhausted as it always seems to be 
is exhausted by the project demo 
is exhausted. 
is exhausted. Going to school everyday this week?! Is this called holidays?? 
is exhausted... 
is exhausted... 2 more days and vacation is over... 
is experiencing every black woman's nightmare: stuck outside in the rain w/ a fresh 'do. 
is experiencing technical challenges with iPhone 
is experiencing travel blues: 1) euros and zlotys stolen from checked luggage by LOT crew and 2) finding out pandora is breaking down. 
is exremley cold 
Is extemely saddened by the sudden death of her favorite aunt this morning.  http://tinyurl.com/r935so
is extremely blah  haven't seen steve in what feels like forever, still have another 2 weeks to wait &amp; copious amounts of work to do 
is EXTREMELY BORED!  Anyone play roblox?
Is extremely bored... oh look nickalodeon is on the TV YAY JIMMY NEUTRON... Wtf  im soo bored
Is extremely bored.... 
is extremely exhausted everyday! i keep waking up at 4am-ish  wtheck?!
is extremely exhausted for some odd reason 
is extremely pissed that i missed check in for 200 free 
Is extremely pissed with some people. I also need to go on a jog today, but I don't wanna go outside.  
Is extremely tired but can't get to sleep I've put poker on to try and sleep but not working so far 
Is extremly pissed off, I was working on second life, I sell land and rent out homes, i get logged out due to a bug repair 
Is facebook mobile picture uploader not working for anyone else? 
is facing a day full of mixed emotions.   ;-) :-O
is failing to get tweetdeck to talk to facebook  
is fair tired today  Mouth is still sore  Tweet tweet!
is fairly upset at the fact the twitter/bgt session will have to commence without Sam.. 
is falling asleep and the extra large can of Rockstar won't help me 
is far too tired 
Is Father's Day today or was it yesterday?I lost my dad a year ago 
is fed u with work 
is fed up and wants to jump on a plane and fly homeeeeeeeeee 
is fed up of being sore following an operation to remove her coccyx, sob 
Is Fed Up Of Having Nowt 2 Do 
is fed up of reviin 
Is fed up with researching and writing essays and preparing seminars......3 more years of this! 
is fed up with revision 
is feed up! 
Is feel really ill and wishes the rash would stop itching too 
is feelin a little betrayed 
is feelin lonely 
is feelin reli ill 
Is feelin so down in the blues i dont feel well 
is feelin very very ill 
is feeling a bit crappy and missing home 
Is feeling a bit lonely 
is feeling a bit lonely here... 
is feeling a bit on the hungover side today 
is feeling a bit peaky today, hmmm 
is feeling a bit rough after a relatively restless night 
Is feeling a lil better now...Foot still hurts Ouch!!!  but i think i will make it ...i wish a muthafucka would step on my shit...
is feeling a little bit rubbish and lonely today  Had such a crappy mad day at work  Wanna go somewhere nice &amp; hot far far away!
is feeling a little discouraged right now  
is feeling a little down right now and I dont know why  hope the family BBQ helps lift my mood 
Is feeling a little rejected 
is feeling a little weird with the music tonight. so very very tired. maybe its the caffeine on that salad. 
Is feeling a strange sense of melancholy. Not sure if it's because of lost lugguage, mom's impending chemotherapy session. 
Is feeling alittle better but is in a hayfever craze 
is feeling alright I may have to take my 5 hour feel a lil sleepy but we will c...need more friends on here or Im gonna have to retire 
is feeling an onslaught of guilt. Hay.  http://plurk.com/p/xwcf5
is feeling bad  just got bad news about my Mum
is feeling bad about not posting updates as often as he should 
is feeling blah  DAM YOU FLU!!
is feeling blahish. Rain, rain, rain, please go away. 
is feeling completely lonely tonight 
Is feeling crap I hate flu 
Is feeling crappy! 
is feeling crummy. Sore throats suck 
is feeling disappointed for the first time, hmmmm........  
Is feeling extremely tired 
is feeling for him, I want the best for him, they don't deserve this pain 
is feeling fragile.... no change there then 
is feeling guilty already but sooo tired need a day of chill 
Is feeling gutted after today's announcement 
is feeling icky. this new diet just isn't fun. 
Is feeling ill or what.  *duh*
is feeling ill today 
is feeling ill! 
Is feeling ill. need sleep after the lack of sleep last night 
is feeling insecure 
Is feeling like crap  .
Is feeling like crap and doesn't know why 
Is feeling like dancing in the rain like a pixie......but the rain stopped  ohh well....lol I'll watch flight of the conchords instead
is feeling like its monday  and cant get motivated.
is feeling like not going to school but he must go 
is feeling like shit.. emotionaly 
is feeling like the most hated chick... This sucks, I don't even try to hurt others or be mean. 
is feeling lonely    Out of the 7 people who normally work in my office, I'm the only one in so far!
is feeling lonely on twitter 
is feeling lonely tonight  and missing my boys even though my baby is in bed lm 2 guys down  xxxx
Is feeling miserable 
is feeling more at ease about one part of my life but now another part has gone pear-shaped 
Is feeling much better today and is lovin' this rain... Bet no softball tonight tho. 
Is feeling narky today. @DSushee wakes me up 90 minutes early, startbucks have no white mocha &amp; nothing on the ipod i want to listen to 
Is feeling nauseus 
is feeling neglected 
is feeling old today.  
Is feeling pretty low 
Is feeling pulled in 100 different  directions 
is feeling rather shitty... 
Is feeling really bad about goofin' on @NinaParkerTMZ not knowing she really wasn't at the meeting! Dang I'm sorry! Me &amp; my big 'ol mouth 
is feeling really down 
is feeling REALLY ill!!!! and is sat in bed watching Deal or No Deal with my Lemsip...  why do i have to be ill now??! 
Is feeling really I'll. 
is feeling really really sad..i just want to stop the time now  http://plurk.com/p/ytiuz
is feeling really sick 
is feeling really sick tonight. 
is feeling really tired from CIP although I didnt do much. 
is feeling rough 
is feeling sad &amp; despressed. 
Is feeling sad and wants to go to some gigs. 
is feeling shitty...i need some tlc 
is feeling sick, please not the swine 
is feeling sickly  sleep. babysitting til 9 a.m. busy day tomorrow. [â™¥ TJL]
is feeling sleeping  only packed for like 10 minutes and I felt like I'm going to collapse already. I need sleep!!
is feeling slightly down now  not a good day
is feeling slightly inloved  lol
is feeling so giddy and wanna go home. 
is feeling so INCOMPLETE right now..depressing 
is feeling so tired today. Why do I have to do this stupid F&amp;*%# thing.. just want to be back with the girls having a champagne breakfast 
is feeling somewhat disappointed 
is feeling sooooo sick  can't sleep.. kinda nauseous.. crampy 
is feeling sorry for herself  has lost her voice...not like i use it much anyway...but still... it's nice to have one
is feeling sorry for herself because she is sick... and she can't breathe, or sleep 
is feeling stressed and worried, 
Is feeling terrible about saw arm because it's broke  x
Is feeling terrified and confused as to why a certain someone dosen't understand why 
is feeling the heat... Melting like a cube of ice 
IS FEELING UNBELIEVABLY, EXCEPTIONALLY, FREAKING COLDDDD!  Absolutely hate/loathe/dislike living here. *sigh*
is feeling under the weather again.... can't make it to Church's Leadership Vision Night tonight 
Is feeling under the weather...again   But at least I have TRUE clarity of mind and that alone is going to make today a great day!
is feeling uneasy for unknown reason 
is feeling unforgivably stupid for dropping Aek's blackberry  So sorry ka.
is feeling unhappy 2day - gained weight again - need new spec's as well as spec's for driving (horror) - took new top back as 2 small 
Is feeling unloved. cool 
is feeling unwell  stomach acting up...
is feeling unwell. So is hubby 
is feeling verrry sleepy...cant work anymore...............  
is feeling very disapointed with the lack of love today 
is feeling very ill again, boo  but is hoping everyone is voting in tomorrow's EU &amp; Local elections! 
Is feeling very lonely  i wonder what Jordan is doing...... probs out with his mates :| x
is feeling very poorly today with his IBS really getting him down 
is feeling very sick and P*ssed off cause i'm missing the Disco  . .but going on hols in 2 weeks (: xxx
is feeling very sorry for herself as her head is killing 
is feeling very tired  http://plurk.com/p/11bizg
Is feeling very unloved on facebook...only 2 people have wished me a happy bday  *sad* xx
is feeling very unwell and is developing a nasty flu 
is feeling very very rough this morning and has decided i can not be left alone when drunk as i do extremely stupid things 
is feeling way to emotional today   Couldn't be happier that my hubby is coming home today!!!
is feeling weird on this site cos u all seem to be famous people and im just a twelve year old school girl 
is feeling weird today. happy and sad at the same time. and missing my people from italy  ilyyy &lt;3
is feeling wonky and unbalanced after trying to get the water out of her ear 
is feeln sooo rough  :@
is felling a bit sick but there's so much to study 
is fighting allergies and i'm getting my butt kicked!... i have too many things to do today... this cant be good! 
is fighting for bed supremacy. Losing. Can't sleep 
Is fighting insomnia &amp; losing big time...  
is fighting off a migraine. 
is fighting off another headache. 
is fighting with her Dr.Pepper bottle. It won't open! 
is fighting with her pc 'cause it keeps opening the same window!!! I clicked 'esc' 
is figuring it out twitter haha and English paper sucks  http://twitpic.com/3pbop
is figuring it out.  Beautiful day outside but I have to study 
is filling in at a job where the office smells like poop. 
is finally all moved to utah.. im gonna miss listenin to mix 93 at work  i'll listen online as much as possible tho!
is finally at home after a long day - Now to clean the room.....i mean...house  Ugh!
Is finally back from London after being stuck in traffic for about 5 hours! I now have hardly any time to get work done. Long night ahead 
Is finally back in a signal area. I felt so lonely. 
Is finally better but now Wes is sick. 
is finally getting up. so hungry..  shower time! then to start this dammit assignment that's due in 10hrs :S
is finally going to sleep... for 4 hours... 
is finally having to sell off some NRFB PD4 Blythes 
is finally heading out the door to start the first leg of his US Tour!  ...just about 3 hours behind schedule.  
is finally home after a shitty day at work doing floorset...... 
is finally home from the hospital. Going to rest. Blessings 
is finally home from the hospital... Would be more excited if she were actually well. Was, however, sent home still sick. 
is finally home from work after being abused on the train  :'(
is finally home.  What a week   So glad it's over.  So glad.
Is finally home. Glory! Next on the Sat. list - nap, clean room, then last paper of the semester! But I still don't want to do it 
is finally home...but now I have to leave again 
Is finally out of work and very exhausted on the train...bout to fall asleep  not looking forward to a long convo tonight though may p ...
is finally starting her cw... I don't think I can take it much longer already! 
is finding it difficult.. trying to be platonic   
is finding it hard to get excited or thrilled about anything. 
is finding it increasingly difficult to find a job without a PHONE! 
Is finding it very hard 
is finding it very hard to study when its so nice out 
is finding that this is working less and less and could really use some oblivion. 
is finding the linux developer preview of google chrome much more stable than firefox 3.0.11. pity no bookmarks yet 
is fingered in the literal sense... 
is fingertipless. 
is finished everything he has to do for right now....i think. Up in 3 hours; not much sleep tonight. 
is finished ironing !!!!    More clothes in the washer 
Is finished with dance recitals this year 
is finishing her box of sees candies nuts &amp; chews today!  No more until I or someone I know goes back to the states. 
is finishing up a fantastic weekend by watching game two of the Stanley Cup Finals...its almost monday 
is finishing writing slides that were due two days ago 
Is fixin to get up and ready to go to Odessa to spend to with the family! Still alittle under the weather 
is fixing her things for tomoorow..hmm? what shall i bring? man! i'm missing high school life already. 
is fixing to go up to the school to make-up some quizzes  GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!! 
Is Flickr brokn? Most of the images are showing up as broken links. 
is floating on a boat on deployment... 
is foolishly attracted. Bodoh la cam ni 
is forced to study maths 
Is freaking exhausted. Global history regents in half an hour 
is freaking out over her pe exam  !! so much info someone cheer us up? xx
Is freaking out over the tornado like weather, flickering power, high winds and no one to hold me and comfort me 
Is FREE free at last!!  But some numb nut picked up a serving shift tomorrow instead of having the day off  more money but still...
is freezing  stupid air con
Is freezing her bum off waiting 4 a train  on her lonesome
Is freezing in class.. 
is freezing in the office.....ac is on full throttle  
Is freezing its supposed to be summer 
is freezing what he has of a butt off today  its so cold everywhere!!
Is freezing!! I miss warmth 
is frustrated 
is frustrated at not being able to download TweetDeck onto my laptop. Kept encountering some AIR file error 
is frustrated at twitter 
Is frustrated n want to go to my mums house. Instead having to watch cricket an wait for other half. 
is frustrated that bc we don't have the right cable, I can't move anything to my new MBP. I have a pro screen and I can't even edit on it 
is frustrated that facebook kicked her off for abusing priveleges even though she didn't do anything wrong! 
is frustrated that i have been choca blocka for the past two days but have yet to tick a single item off my to do list 
is frustrated that Rudd cant facilitate private enterprise investing in our broadband infrastructure..instead he needs to waste our money 
Is frustrated to have fallen to sleep on the sofa at 6pm and has missed the whole evening 
is frustrated with my Internet.. can't vote on the Teen Choice Awards!!!  My Internet keeps freezing every time.. froze yesterday &amp; now 
is frustrated with technology... again... as usual... just once, can't something work RIGHT?? 
Is frustrated with the flickr app that won't install on her blackberry! 
is frustrated. How do I allow 'comments' on my blogger posts without reverting back to the default template?? Help! 
is fuck not having a fake i.d. and fuck sofla. I WANT BONNAROO 
Is fucked off beyond belief, and is going to fail this exam miserably... Bye bye uni 
is fuckin' tired. :| 
is fukin heartbroken....i h8 men...but i love him soooo much ..... please cum home 
is full of a cold 
is full of cold 
is full of cramps 
is full of noodles...blah..   
is full of the cold and wants her bed 
Is full, I shouldn't have ate those ribs 
is fully siiiiiiick  And at work...
is fuming that she got ripped off and now has no tickets for Take That 
Is FUMING!!! My 3 week old IPOD is GONE! I haven't seen it since Tap 6 on Thursday. Teachers...please keep an eye out! 
is gaining weight.  rather
is gearin up to go fer vacations wid mum n dad... 
is gearing herself up for another late night trying to finish assignments due tomorrow! and her phone is crapping out already 
is get the AC in her Black Betty worked on Monday. Hope it is an easy fix... hate sweating. Come back fall season 
is gettin darae's things together fa tomor as im at work til 7 
Is gettin my Michael Jackson on while doin my Saturday mornin cleaning... Yeah started kinda late... I should of been done by now. 
is gettin' off. I turned off my phone.. I hate stalkerrrrrs.. 
Is gettin ready for work 
is gettin ready to go to schoolll    '-Sarah&amp;Billy[:
Is gettin sleepy but doesn't want to go to sleep until he gets home  . So tired!
is gettin' the hang of twitter now, but still prefer facebook more ;) OMG science exam on Friday, im goin' 2 fail 
is gettin the kids ready for daycare amd myself for work 
is gettin to big to sit at tha table lean over n write invitations 
is getting a cold    *cough, oink, cough*
is getting a new mobile since im getting all theses mobile scams on my fricken phone. Im not allowed to get a crash hot one 
is getting a quick oil change and some 7-11 coffee in Metrowest on the way to Brooksville for family time  #fb
is getting a sore throat.    I don't have time to get sick right now.
Is getting a sore throat.  Race day tomorrow!
is getting annoyed at itunes, it won't let me add anymore songs  stupid thing... anyway enough moaning
is getting annoyed at mobile twitter. Why or why is it not workin on my phone properly 
Is getting changed but cant be bothered 
is getting cold. No hot water bottle tonight 
is getting crazy  because the 3.0 will not get installed 
is getting depressed because there is no1 to talk to on msn or facebook 
is getting extremely nervous about her surgery on Friday. 
is getting extremely nervous for this week...and feeling sick 
is getting frustrated he can't get the template files to work in EE 
is getting her wisdom teeth out tomorrow 
is getting more nervous the longer i have to wait to see the doctor 
is getting my hair did for 3 hours, missing the Cards game.    Go Waino!
is getting my loko on without @sofiabermudez  what the fuuck!
is getting nervous about this wrist surgery on Wednesday 
is getting on with some uni work  its really sunny too!
is getting over her 4am starts at work 
Is getting pretty burnt and doesn't even care.. Last day in FL 
Is getting ready 2 go 2 Angies service. 
is getting ready for a funeral. 
is getting ready for a huge day tommorow. but is very tired 
is getting ready for a knee scope. 
is getting ready for a night with my friends.. I really wish the rain would STOP 
Is Getting Ready For A Whole Day Of Maths Revision 
is getting ready for another makeup baseball game.  Played the same team last night &amp; got run ruled.  
is getting ready for bed! i dont want to work tomorrow 
is getting ready for bed, I hate going to bed without my husband  
is getting ready for class then work 
is getting ready for college, distrought about the fact she has no money, no credit, the internets dodgy..the world is coming to an end! 
Is getting ready for fitness walking... Starts at 7:45. Summer classes are no fun.  
is getting ready for his last show.  Gonna go out with a blast yo!
is getting ready for his physics exam tomorrow! 
is getting ready for PT this morning. Definitely not feeling the workout thing this morning since I'm sick.  
is Getting Ready for Sleep :/ English Regents Early 2maro Morning  Ugh TxT Meh
Is getting ready for work on a really sunny day  Found something out tho: brushing your teeth and drying your hair at the same time=hard!
Is getting ready for working, and nursing her poorly toe 
is getting ready to eat some tapioca pudding  then do history stuff... 
is getting ready to go back to work 
is getting ready to go home. It's #raining in #Norwich... 
is getting ready to go out then Marineland TODAY..yay..but it all comes to an end tomorrow..  can't i stay a little longer??
is getting ready to go to a wedding solo 
is getting ready to go to long island and be with family tonight ... mom is leaving to Paraguay tomoro  ..
is getting ready to go to my brother's high school graduation. He's all grown up 
Is getting ready to go to the parade for the Pens. It's too fucking early though. 
is getting ready to go to work.  Not much fun 
is getting ready to leave for Florida in the morning.  pray for me...I'm getting sick with a cold. 
is getting ready to leave gatlinburg. which is sad. now i have to return to the real world of work  #fb
is getting ready to say goodbye to my seniors!!! what a sad day it will be 
is getting ready to say her goodbyes 
is getting ready to take an online course about NIMS..... National Incident Management System.... It makes my head hurt!!!!! 
Is getting redi for work, Please can someone help me, I dont know how to use Twitter 
is getting seriously tired now the ornage juice is wearing off 
is getting sick   i have assignments due!!!
is getting some stuff done that should have been done a long time ago...like paying bills!  Oh, if I only had a source of income 
is getting stressed with t-mobile 
is getting stressful with the apartment thing.  http://plurk.com/p/t07jq
Is getting stuck into the revision, whilst the weather is stupidly good out 
is getting suck with HostGator's support system 
is getting the flu, feel like crap the last 2 days 
is getting the last things packed to leave in the morning 
is getting tired but haven't finish studying math  http://plurk.com/p/xozqo
is getting tires.&quot;I hope something exiteing happens soon! 
is getting to no the truth behind somethings!! 
is getting to terms with twitter, but still finds it very confusing 
is getting totaly addicted to farm town on facebook 
is getting worried about getting sick 
is getting worried and wishing her doctor hadn't retired. 
Is glad @Jason_Manford and Josie Long are on 8/10 cats. The others on there aren't very funny tonight 
is glad eliza is home and safe, but bummed cos i cant see her for a week 
is glad her 11 day working week is over! but back to school and an exam on wednesday 
is glad she could cheer up her frogging sick friend! She misses her 
is glad to be back in LR...but not so much for the situations she will have to deal with that have been brought up today. 
is glasses broke  using old pair can hardly see
Is glowing bright after a little too much sun!!! AfterSun required 
is glued to the TV watching the Red Line collision aftermath. 
is gna go shopping ltr on ! why do things have to be that expensive. 
Is goin 2 be a mad ting!I am Just bout 2 head out to skool bruv!sadness! 
is goin 2 sheffield later its probly gunna rain it always duz 
is goin away til fri!  ...wait yeah  is right!
is goin back 2 sleep  -R.I.P Auntie
is goin over romanian numbers.. boringg :L 
is goin to sleep. Early start tomorro  had a fab day x
is goin to work around the house today! nothing to do today 
Is going 2 Florida 2marrow!! I'm mess talking 2 my BFF!! 
is going babysitting now! another late night with no twitter  lol.
is going babysitting! and my neck is in pain! 
is going back out to shovel mulch 
Is going back to Cali tomorrow 
Is going back to Durban today 
is going back to gombak.. 
is going back to JÃ¶nkÃ¶ping for a day, reasons good and bad. 
is going back to my previous lg ks360, the lg arena is unbelievably bad, don't get it 
is going back to sleep. or trying to! The party going on at my house is getting loud.  will it stop? Im exhausted, PLEASE... need sleep!
is going back to Subang at 6.  http://plurk.com/p/12lvka
is going back to vienna now... can't wait to see her roommate again â™¥ but misses her relatives from the US 
Is going back to work 
is going back to work tomorrow after only taking 6 weeks off for maternity leave 
Is Going Because No One Is Speaking To Her  !
is going college later......boring 
is going crazy 
IS GOING CRAZY LET ME PLEASE PASS MY THEORY TEST 
is going dress shopping 
is going fishing today. Just have to work first 
is going for a coffee with his ex-girlfriend. unfortunately forced to do it 
is going for a test drive soon wheeeeee! but missing mishk... 
is going for a walk on the broadwalk and then perhaps some breakfast, but not at Main Street Bakery 
is going for her exam in a minute 
is going home tomorrow 
is going in to get his wisdom teeth taken out  and needs someone to take care of him.
is going into town today. Start work tomorrow morning 
is going London in July. But unfortunately can not watch wicked. mom and dad banned it, as i have watched it loadss 
Is going nightnight all alone 
is going nw going on holiday 2 morrow scared of flying though gunna miss big brother for a week  ahah byeeeeeeeeeeeeee
is going on a bike ride to Avila Beach and has no where to put her phone. She has to abandon it for a few hours 
is going on a daytrip to france and has to be awake at 6.30am  bad times!...but french guys ;) and food....good times 
is going out to eat.  wants to stay home.
is going out to get her nails painted! Mocha marble cheesecake completed, but got slightly burnt due to defective oven 
is going out with michelle. didn't get very tan at the beach 
is going round and round in circles 
Is going shopping for a lil bit then back to thesis 
is going through the hardest breakup.. 
is going through the hardest thing she has ever had to go through in her whole life, thank God I am strong or I'm afraid I would fall. 
is going to a christening hung over 
is going to a piano thing at 3!! 
is going to a retirement party.  
is going to Anvaya Cove on thursday \/ gonna miss training though 
is going to attempt her essay and both french projects 
is going to attempt sleep while watching Godzilla vs. Destroyah *sniff*tear* the ending always makes me sad 
is going to bake her some cookies with vanilla icecream and watch a movie all by herself 
Is going to be in a murderous rage if she can't talk her dad into Transformers 2 tomorrow!!! 
is going to be in Austin for one more day,yay! give me any excuse to stay back and not leave 
is going to be pink for her graduation tomorrow. 
Is going to be sad to leave the beautiful barn she has been staying at in Norfolk  This weekend has been total bliss!
is going to be studying nonstop for the next week 
is going to be. Printed directions. Finished off a movie. Bed is warm, but I want to snuggle  Boo.
is going to bed after a very sad day. Rest in Peace Baltazar Bradley Barron IV August 1st, 1998 - April 26th, 2008 
is going to bed and has to go back to work tomorrow  only wish I had one more day.
is going to bed at 11'oclock on a friday night! 
Is going to bed at 2. :/ this evening was fun-ish but I miss her like a crazy mother F*********  I love her.
is going to bed at 2am againnnnn!  Me wants to sleep early!
is going to bed because hes too old to stay up late twice in a row  *wishes he was watching @mcflymusic now* 
is going to bed early. Have to be at work at 5:30 am. 
is going to bed now that its 3 am. So much for sleeping  I miss my bunny
is going to bed now! goodnight! xo p.s. still freeeeeezing 
is going to bed now... early start tomorrow 
Is going to bed, will check back in the AM...fingers crossed... 3.0 
is going to bed. I have to watch my uncle get deployed to Iraq tomorrow. 
is going to bed....disappointed......AGAIN 
is going to bed...alone..damn I hate wakin' up with my clothes on   
is going to bed...back to work tomorrow.  Blah. 
is going to bed...invitations are still not done  damn!...cnt wait til tomorrow!
Is going to bed...so much for an early night  I'm going to need major coffee in the morning. Night world...see u again in 6 hours...boo!
is going to buhdie's house soooonies. I WANT FOOOOD  so hungry
Is going to buy a new dryer 
is going to chinese restaurant with the girls now! It'll be the last time I will see my chinese friend 
is going to collect rent. 
is going to crash ssoon so slee;y i havee a headache 
is going to cry  just tried to download my short stack song AND IT DIDN'T WORK 
is going to cry while watching Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8! 
Is going to curl up in the bed and watch 1408, since she just finished her book.. 
is going to darley abbey today to rehearse for drama exam which is 2moro!!! shiiiit! 
is going to dinner w/o mom.. 
is going to do some wake boarding because of the non-wind 
is going to eat then try to sleep. Why do I have trouble sleeping so often? 
is going to emergency  soooooo sore &amp; sick!
is going to fail his driving test in 3 hours, the big bang theory ended last night 
Is going to fail math whether she studies or not 
Is going to feel being rearended in the morning. 
is going to finish up my chores n go to bed work in morning aahhh  so dont wanna go   ...
Is going to follow Mle on her phone now. I missed so much while schooling/ working. 
Is going to get a full nights sleep tonight so her arm can get better. It's no fun being forced to use your left hand 
is going to get out of bed, get changed, eat and then help my mum with the attic! fun times. but today is a little boring!    
is going to go check on little Gizmo who has a poorly tummy 
is going to go do the dishes unfortunately. Ugh... 
is going to grab a nice, hot cup of coffee  Unfortunately, I have to go out in the cold to get it 
is going to Guildford and then Woking in a bit just to finish my prom shopping, and I've probably spent too much anyway! 
is going to hate today. 
is going to have a productive day! but wishes she was home with her family 
Is going to have an operation on his toe 
is going to have ANOTHER day of revision 
is going to have another glorified nap. Gotta be in at 6am again. 
is going to have dinner alone, with Claire. 
Is going to have one upset daughter  in a bit..mr. Rat took a sudden turn for the worse and didn't make it 
is going to have starbucks for the last time soon 
is going to have to get a new tyre today  Have you seen the prices of them though? They're blaming it on the inflation.
Is going to have to redo the novel illustration she did months ago.  At least it's just one illustration and not all of them though!
is going to jersey today for joanies wedding. my bunny is missing, and im not wanted anymore. sweeettt. text 
is going to lie down for a bit. 
is going to meet Jonathan.....the early part didn't happen! 
is going to miss @belly00  had so much fun...can't wait for u to come back again!
Is going to miss @zac_hobbs while hes on tour... 
is going to miss 8C  its the best class ever
is going to miss CBC News Sunday 
is going to miss CBC News Sunday  One of the most exceptional news programs on the air. #cbc
is going to miss chickenfoot at shepherds bush empire 
is going to miss Chrissy. 
is going to miss ghost hunting trip today  to all my fellas sorry, i couldnt make it!
is going to miss her good pal @Stephyyy  x
is going to miss him  alot! &lt;3
is going to miss his friends... 
is going to miss Lisa so much 
is going to miss Samantha Newly and her retrograde amnesia. Count Todd as well! Why ABC, Why? 
is going to miss super ronida, the anti-kerida  new addition to the indiot alumni
Is going to miss the AWESOME people she works with 
is going to miss the class of '09 
Is going to miss the fidm girls  congrats everyone!!
Is going to miss the last episode of criminal minds tonight 
is going to miss the real housewives of nj tonight 
is going to miss ttalking to Jessica when she goes to belgium &amp; france 
is going to miss tv tapings until august..sad times   hasn't even gotten stuff from school yet but has class tomorrow boo
is going to miss uni 
is going to miss you Taylor Lynn when you leave me 
is going to move a little and then meeting Jeff up at the ER. Poor Lover Dover 
is going to need a shovel to tidy this house. I work Friday, Saturday, with Brownie event Sunday and the whole house is trashed 
is going to olive garden with a bunch of peoples...I've been told I need to take a break! 
Is going to Ostuni!...after another week of finals, lame 
is going to pick up the BUILD members from the hotel. Last night in Guate for them 
is going to play Rock Band for a bit. Brain won't kick into gear 
Is going to play Xbox alone,  as Xbox Live is down today for maintenance 
Is going to regret not going to school tomorrow as i know im going to have to be mum's personal slave   !!
is going to resist the sugary sweet jam-filled donut..... 
is going to root for the LAKERS for the first time in her life...I'm so pissed the Magic won! 
is going to school soon, with the biggest sunburn ever 
is going to school to do dt 
is going to see Angels and Demons...really tired tho... 
Is going to see Keith Urban tonight. So why do I have to go to work? 
is going to see the doctor.. have allergies 
is going to sing 'I miss you' by miley cyrus at my daddys funeral  i miss u and ill love u no matter what, even if your not here &lt;3 xoxo
is going to sleep b/c he feels really sick 
Is going to sleep early in hopes to bypass this fever 
is going to sleep, class in the morning from 9-10:50!  gooooodnight, i miss @xanga haha &lt;3
is going to spend the day catching up on this weeks britains got talent before tonights final, i missed it all 
is going to stop tweeting from his phone. Spelling/grammar issues all over the place. 
is going to study for finals soon! 
Is going to study soon. History was tough today 
Is going to take the SAT. Eh... 
Is going to the belliagio to watch the fountians go off at 1.... its offically my last day in Vegas 
is going to THE concert tonight, thanks little bro, i'll miss you terribly when you go 
is going to the dermatologist soon....Jon and Kate   
is going to the doctor today to see why I am in severe pain and why I can hardly move.  please be praying for me.
is going to the doctor. 
is going to the license place now  FML
is going to the skating show today...again 4 this weekend 
is going to the YANKEES GAME! Things are starting to look up but it's very difficult to move on 
is going to try and eat a health, balanced breakfast. 
is going to try and finish reading Breaking Dawn - boring part about Jacob right now 
is going to try to get some sleep... not tired yet... hope sleep comes fast because I will be up again in a few  Think Sleepy Thoughts 
Is going to Vegas but wanting to go to Seattle 
is going to wait till its light outside and then go to sleep  because i'm too paranoid now!
is going to warrnambool and has hiphop lessons tomorrow! truly excited but i can't sleep. 
is going to watch 'the notebook' on youtube...wherelese cud I watch a movie these days!?!hv no companion to go to a theatre 
is going to work again.  Yay, another 8 hour shift. 
is going to work, and wishing her boyfriend would come and visit her 
Is going to work.  can't wait for Friday!
Is going to work. Cousin is here :3 ben will be here later! School tonight 
is going to work. yay. 
is going to work.. 
is going to work.......  why do we have to do this anyhow?
is going to write  Jenn Bailey!!! i miss her so much 
is going too work in a min  doesnt wana go.. download like 10days away grr so annoying waiting still wishes i could take @diana_music :p x
Is going up. I'm now refusing to let things get on top of me. Have been at work for 25minutes (yes, its 8.25am)... Bad start already  
is going veg. sadly i have to go to work in an hour  argh for closing too! eewww
is going with her father to the emergency room. 
is gonna be home alone today while Ian goes to watch the footy - at least I've got the 3hour post match rant to look forward too!! 
is gonna be home late tonight  - http://tweet.sg
is gonna be mad hungry when I get home. Forgot my money... 
is gonna be really sad if both friends stand her up tonight 
is gonna be without her laptop/internet all day tomorrow 
is gonna cost $550 to get my lil doggy desexed and have a lump removed from her leg. eeek. where on earth am I gonna find that kind of $? 
is gonna get through this day by day. like grandma said -you`re gonna have a million heartbreaks before you find that special one. 
is gonna go now... laptop is almost dead.   byeeee! btw ily!!!! lol.
is gonna go pick my brother up -- then gotta find Celso and give him his cardiee backk &lt;3 sadly 
is gonna go to sleep- dont think mums coming home anytime soon haha  computer screen is shaking ive been on far too long
is gonna have a frog  homework evaluation quiz.  is studying.  gonna fail 
is gonna have a sad day... last full day of high school... 
Is gonna have prison break marathon day, haven't seen any of second part of season 4 although I do know what happens 
is gonna have to get lots of revision done today seeing i have about 7 hours worth of exams this week 
is gonna have to skip knit group tomorrow due to lack of clean clothes  http://plurk.com/p/12c6ca
is gonna have to wait for her copy of LVATT until tomorrow.  it was that or stay at Walmart for 4 hours..no way. I love JB but just no.
Is gonna KILL Itunes It wount let me put Demis cd on it 
is gonna miss everyone when they go to ardeche, and i really wish i was going 
is gonna miss james soo much 
is gonna miss my mommy when she leaves for the Big Apple! 
Is gonna read a book tonight 
is gonna start my Twitters over again, so this is message one. Waiting on 12, work tonight... 
is gonna take foreverrr to download one episode of gossip girl from iTunes!! 
Is Good Good afternoon followers, Im going to get ready for work   Have a great day: Good afternoon fol.. http://tinyurl.com/mlse6f
Is good morning?  So tired.
is goodbye blue sky, or so it seems. bad weather should be reserved for Pink Floyd. boo Mother Nature 
Is Google down for iPhone? No email, search or Reader 
is got a busy ass day today. 
is Got Confused!  http://plurk.com/p/xmpu7
is GRADUATING TODAY!!!!!!!!! i wish all of my bros where here with me 
Is greatful I survived, because the person next to me in the ER wasn't so lucky     
is GTG  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/xbfoq
is guna try and revise things now  which is proving to be difficult seens as blackboard isn't working &gt;=[
is gunna spend the night with my seeeester. i miss my lover boyy 
is gunnah miss her man when he leaves for LA in 2 weeks. 
is gunnna misss dona like crazzzy ! no more math classs twitterrrr 
Is gutted  x
is gutted about that new moon no-wed/ultimatum-spoiler  but still wants you to follow @peterfacinelli , @gilbirmingham &amp; @billy_burke
Is gutted as she aint gunna be able to watch supernatural 
is gutted because she has forgotten her makeup !! Noooooooooooo 
is gutted coz ive had to pull out of doing the Race for Life next week due to injured ankle.  
is gutted for Hatton 
Is gutted goodbooks are no more. Guess that means no second album 
is gutted I'm not feeling well when John's dad has cooked an amazing BBQ 
is gutted Sarah's leaving her, and shes going to be allllll alone tomorrow 
is gutted she didn't go out tonight.. i really wanted to see him 
is gutted she doesn't have a beyonce tickett!  x
is gutted she has to work in this lovely weather 
is gutted she isnt going out tonight 
is gutted she missed Oasis play in Manchester! 
is gutted she missed out on the cherish09 urban angel ceramic heart 
is gutted than Aidan Davis didn't win BGT  
Is gutted that Catz Pattz can't come this Sat!!!! 
Is gutted that she is on holiday for the next LAN party 
Is gutted that she missed boyzone due to Kylas migraine 
Is gutted the blues lost in a rugby shootout  
is gutted to be missing DrinkTank tonight  But it is my Brothers Birthday afterall... *sigh*
is gutted two of her closest best friends are away 
is gutted! It's sunny but stuck inside because Aaron's got fever 
Is gutted,i know who has been evicted from big brother before ive watched it! @ThisisDavina announced it on twitter!  ah wel never mind! x
is gutted. Grrrrr stupid &quot;what ifs&quot; flying around all over he place 
is half asleep already 
is halfway through &quot;A Thousand Splendid Suns&quot; and already thinks it's brilliant... and so very sad 
is hanging at home; hoping i'll get to see my mom and cathy s o o  n  text it!
is hanging out washing 
is hanging out with my Goose but is super sad that the Chiodos show is sold out in GR tonight 
Is hanging out with the dam today and wishes that it wasn't raining!!!!! 
Is Happiness really worth this?.... 
Is happy because I annihilated a baby huntsman in my kitchen with the cooking pan..however this means a MAMA one may be in hiding  FUCK!!!
is happy because teacher was on strike so no school phahahah    but has 2 go 2morro   
is happy cos her little brother's got good grades. Miss him so much 
is happy I got an A in my other class last term... if I hadn't of had to take algebra I would have had a chance to be on the deans list 
is happy now exams are over! freedom feels good...well it will for 4 months before im back 
is happy that her photo is FINALLY showing...and also mad at the same time, log-in for WoW won't work 
is happy that she got tan today  but now you can see where my sun glasses were 
is happy that Tyler lost a tooth yesterday. Sadly, the Tooth Fairy forgot to make a visit to our house last night... 
Is happy to b home from girls camp but really sad also 
is happy tomorrow is the last day of school  not looking forward to math final. i barely remember it all 
Is happy yet sad. In less than a week my big sis will be here... but in less than a week my girl child is gone for the summmer 
Is Happy. School Tomorrow Tho 
is hard at study already. No more weekends till June 
Is hard to watch Anne break down in the press conference after her loss 
is hating cleaning this house   It never stays clean, so what's the use?
Is hating having to do revision on such a lush day 
is hating having to work indoors in this gorgeous weather 
is hating that she only has to go to college for an hour n half 
is hating that today is going by so slow 
is hating the cold, rainy weather  ..perfect night to cozy up in PJs and drink some hot choco x]
is hating the weather, i miss the sunshine boo hoo 
is hating today.   Is it time to go yet??  Very glad for pole class after work.  At least something good will come out of getting up today
is hating typo's atm... is dreading 2mo...   still has that gay cold... GOD DAMN IT... why does he have to go???
is hating when he has to leave... definitely the worst part of the day... 
IS haveing major relationship issues and it sucks big time. I feel sooo lost at the moment. 
Is havin a stressed out day 
Is havin to buy another copy of fifa 09 
is having 2 do a shift in the pub while feeling slightly hungover. Bad times 
is having a  day
is having a bad bad headache  http://plurk.com/p/x7z5g
is having a bad day - email not working properly and looks like the 10km run is off for me 
Is having a bad day  Tired of studying...mentally and physically drained. Tired of bulls**t.
is having a bad day :O 
is having a bad day already  but trying to think positive!
is having a bad headache............... 
is having a bad John day.... 
is having a badass headache..... 
is having a bar of organic white chocolate as Brunch 
is having a bit of a sad night.  i want september now please.
is having a coffee waiting on doug and wants a cigarette 
is having a cup of tea and then studying all day 
is having a day 
is having a down day   !!!!! xxx
Is having a fancy day ending up with a meal at the Grand tonight...oooh! Oh, along with everyone else from work  !!!
Is having a fat day  lol I need to join a gym asap but I can't afford it  who wants to pay for me a gym membership?!?
is having a fun weekend away but missing my Dolce! 
is having a hard time removing the hair spray clay and makeup.  AND I'M AN ICE QUEEN. LOLOLOLOL.
is having a hard time right now.. 
is having a hard time trying to cram everything in before finals on Tuesday 
is having a hard time tweaking wp 
is having a hard time using Twitter. lol. I don't know how to write MRZCULLEN back 
Is having a hard time waking up today... I want to be cuddled up to My, Perfect Joshua, in our bed right now 
is having a headache &amp; is not feeling well 
is having a headache again... how to work? 
is having a headache from work 
is having a headache. HELP 
is having a hell of a time changing my twitter image 
is having a lazy sunday hidden away because the sun's hurting my eyes 
is having a lot of bad luck with computers atm 
is having a lot of trouble getting to sleep 
is having a nasty cold 
is having a not so greta day  wish i was in Jamaica !
is having a profitable day!  Looking forward to Sunday...gonna be a great day -- sad, too, because it's the 5th graders last day! 
is having a proud moment!just watched my baby girl pedaling her tricycle on her own for the 1st time!aww shes all growned up 
is having a really hard time munching &quot;tempe goreng&quot; . dah sejuk aganya 
is having a really ruff evening. 
Is having a really shitty afternoom 
is having a rough day 
is having a rough night 
is having a sad day today after last night bombshell 
is having a seriously lazy day for once. work in 2 hours thou  
Is having a snuggle with baby George awwww I did miss him,me and Steve are wiped out,jetlagged but missing Jamaica still 
is having a stomachache... damn pineapples! grrrrrr  http://plurk.com/p/x7pgl
is having a terrible headache..  http://plurk.com/p/11lol7
is having a very un-inspiring, non creative, slow day 
Is having a weekend from hell. Gf not sure on things and sat in casualty with dad. 
Is having a weekend of pms, bad cramps  fellas u f*ckin lucky motherf*ckers, lol! Y'all don't go thru any of our experiences.
is having an allergic reaction to something.  My eye is swollen and my check is numb.  
Is having car problems... What could be worse than the transmission. 
is having difficulty sorting out the photos from the trip 
Is having dinner at changs.. Too bad up was sold out 
is having fever 
is having fun all wrong 
Is having gastric pain 
is having headache... 
is having her exams!  
Is having Korean with @dangsdunks. Where is our food? 
is having major connection problems 
is having no inspiration at all for my designs!! 
is having NO luck finding a roommate.  
is having one of those &quot;i feel like i look like dogshit&quot; days 
is having one of those days.. 
Is having one of those nights where she is missing something she cant have 
Is having post gig depression.  But listening to Sing It Loud is helping allot.
Is having problems sleeping 
is having problems. She doesn't know why things turned out that way. 
is having quite a lonely day. 
is having router problems. 
Is having sleeping problems  It's four in the morning, and I am dying for a drink.
is having some problems.... emotionally and physically, but there is no one to help me  hmm what to do? any suggestions
is having stomachache.  http://plurk.com/p/ui7z8
is having such issues getting out of bed in the morning  and i was so keen on starting my 'i'm a healthy person' campaign today.
is having surgery soon! 
Is having teeth forcibly taken out of her mouth. 
is having the absolute worst insomnia. i wish someone was here to soothe me to sleep 
is having the best curly hair day ever &amp; its raining...  why toronto why?...
is having the worst strep throat ever, it's beyond sore!!!! 
is having to go back to bed, that's how rotten my body is being to me today 
Is having to work at the weekend 
is having two concerts tomorrow, but she is really ill... :S 
is having women trouble again  damnnit!
Is having/had a pretty shitty day, roll on bed time! Even though its bed time on my own again 
Is havng dinner in tgaytay with fmily but without my hney 
is he playing any better now? my mother's internet is too slow for the live stream 
is headache 
is headed back 2 Lafayette...pray 4 my grandma please 
Is headed home from the lake 
Is headed to the gym. I want to go back to sleep 
is headed to work...beth drank a whole bottle of wine last night and agreed to finally watch star wars with me!! than she got sick 
Is heading 2 a gig. Starts @ 1pm. I finished band practise 5min ago. And 2 make matters worse im losing my voice. 
is heading back to depressed'ville... i hate this 
is heading back to the UK today 
is heading home to get ready for work. I wish I could have spent more time at the picnic. 
is heading out of town for job training... yuck.  It's the part about my job that I hate the most. 
is heading out to a funeral home.  
is heading over aunts house to help them pack &amp; move into their new house  tomorrow 
Is heading to bed now, cause i am SICK!!!   GOODNIGHT LOVES!
is heading to Newcastle uni tomorrow. Still don't know what to do in life like? 
is heading to the gym to teach Ride.  Sooooo tired this morning-- didn't sleep well 
is heading to the gym with her boyfriend...ah so lazy 
Is heading to the office WAY to early! 
is heading towards a hectic Saturday. 
Is heading towards a weekend for one 
is hearing family drama coming from the other room.  
is heartbroken 
is heart-broken 
is heartbroken  but going to get crunkkk with @davidmacmillan
is hella fucking bored i didnt do shit today 
is hella nervous for tuesday 
is here with @TWiLiGHT. Although she's sleeping. 
is hesitating whether she should go to the interview or not  http://plurk.com/p/12ev79
Is holding out for summer, even if I won't have anyone to talk to in summer 
Is Home   I want to go back to Turkey soo bad   I miss everyone there soo much 
is home  bbq last night made me so ill i threw up and got a nasty headache 
is home after a failed attempt at seeing The Hangover (sold out) 
is home again tonight, tired of being sick.    At least the Wings won!!
is home alone and there is nothing on TV.. getting bored 
Is home alone because the wife is at project grad 
Is Home Alone Yet Again; Mam And Dad Rather Go To The Club Than Stay In With Me Or Take Me Out; Yes I Think That Proves How Loved I Am  !
Is home and moving out some stuff, ready to move 
is home and relaxing before she has to go down south tomorrow.....! 
is home and that was the first time we went to the lake and not stay   now im going to see my cuz's that are in town!!!!
Is home and wishes she was still with @dustinbrutal 
is home annnnd room all back to normal, walls still vandalized by @_peaches buuuuut not happy i lost both my tv remotes 
is home being very sickk. 
is home but has to revise 
is home finally.everyone needs to go see the hangover.funniest movie ive seen in soooo long.bed soon.school tommorrow til 3 
is home form hangin out with a friend. Now it's time to attempt to sleep. Not sure how that will go.... Thinking about to many things. 
is home from europe. can't sleep. been up for 24 hrs. stupid time differences.. i wish brian didn't have to work tomorrow, boo 
is home from hawaii 
Is home from kingsville for the weekend...glad to be home but misses kingsville. 
Is home from school...Urgh i feel sick aswell.. 
is home from Sydney but didn't bring back any doughnuts 
Is home from the @the script and is not amused that they abandoned their fans 
is home from the Rockies game.. where we just got our asses handed to us     WaaWaaaaaa   Oh well..  Had a blast with friends!!  g'night
is home from the Walk For Life.  Back is seizing up a little 
is home from vacation . . . why is regular life such drudgery?!? 
is home from work early and is sad that the sun has disappeared....i want a tan 
is home from work, his poor relief got pulled over on her way to work  throat hurts, should prolly stop singing Linkin Park...
Is home in sweden   i miss Amsterdam and the coffee shops ;)
is home now. No perverted well endowed chubby milf stalkers in sight 
Is home of school ill  Looks like friends all day (Y) :L.
is home sick for the second day in a row  and starting to get REALLY bored!!
is home sweet home...the food tonight was ON POINT.  Now about to spend some time with the fam before 'Omi leaves for Denmark 
Is home with my kiddies...hubby out hunting...again  thank goodness the season is over soon!!!!! But we did  get a bear on Friday!
Is home! Been @ WCH since 8:30AM this morning. Been awake since 4. 2nd born in over night; she is not a happy camper  #WCH #tired
is home, but definately not dry, bloody weather! 
is home, had a haircut and a bath but it's still extremely hot! 
is home, wasabi nuts didnt do IT for my poor stomach 
is home. bored. missing kyle 
is home. But feels quite sad atm 
is home. my neck kinda hurts  @ahleesonn haha nice 12seconds.
is home. my tooth is damn aching  but i'm a bit happy, i have money today (dance) http://plurk.com/p/xnyzz
is home.. and so freaking bored --&quot; and was very annoyed.. 
is home... home on the raaaaange &amp; will likely be internetless again tomorrow   @whataboutadam better record PO box-ness &lt;3
is home....shattered....and about to do some catch-up planning for school  Who said teachers are 9-3???!!
is HOOOOOOOOOOOOOME XD download was AMAZING!!!! wanna go back now 
is hopeless and worthless and shouldn't even be here 
Is hoping a fruit smoothie will soothe my sore, sore throat. 
is hoping and praying that some how the school burnt down to a pile of ashes and I don't have to go.  its not going to happen ayee.
is hoping dax is going to be ok 
Is hoping Delph and Beckford stay for next season (doubting it though) 
is hoping her eye gets better soon and this rubbish headache goes with it..... 
Is hoping I dont get twitter grounded again tonight! 
is hoping it storms in the morning so that i don't have to get up at 6am for practice..blehh..why does it already have to monday?? 
Is hoping Jer had a greeeeat birthday!! And doesn't want to go back tomorrow 
is hoping my headache will go down!! 
is hoping she can kick this sinus headache or dj'ing tonight will be less then fun. 
is hoping she could have her 12-hour sleep again, just like what she had yesterday. 
is hoping she doesnt spend more than twenty dollars tonight shopping 
Is hoping she still has a job today  
is hoping that all summer doesnt rain 
is hoping that Dad's L4-L5 heal soon... 
is hoping that Katie's better by tomorrow 
Is Hoping that little Harry is ok 
is hoping that Mac feels better soon... sucks to be sick 
is hoping that my munchkin did not catch his mommy's strep but is thinking he may have given his current pitiful demeanor 
is hoping that the girls he just hangout with don't think he is a freak. 
is Hoping the severe weather doesn't get bad tonight 
is hoping the sprinkles go away soon 
is hoping there are still nice people in the world...they just dont live near me! 
is hoping things will start looking up for weston soon. 
Is hoping this day turns out to be an extra busy one in Jersey &amp; enough to keep my mind occupied &amp; off of him. I hate this feeling 
is hoping this tummy ache from too many cookies will go away soon. thanks brady  
is hoping to enjoy the sun today plus get to the gym, shops &amp; cinema. Back to work tomorrow  joy!
Is hoping to get better soon  G'Night!
is hoping to go apartment hunting tomorrow at purdue with her boy &amp; then is working 
is hoping today goes well.  Can't put up with it.  But I know I will 
is horribly burnt after a 9am til 5pm shift in the BURNING sun...poor choice 
is hot blooded, check it and see. I got a fever of a 100 and 3 -- Well 102.6  but that can be rounded to 103. 
Is hot! Had a good day with lots of walking  xxx now chilling Joseph is flat out in my arms with just a nappy on  poor baby is hot 2
is hot. Very very freakin hot....  
is house bound with acute mumps  bad times.... whole day ov supernatural me thinks  x
is how easily everything can change 
is how her hair looks 
is hulu.com down for everyone? cara needs her dollhouse fix 
is hungover,...workingg allll dayy on this sunnnny day 
is hungoverrr! and has to continue moving  aahh i want sleeep!!uno boy nextweekend it iss!!=p
is hungrrry. Ok I eat way too much 
is hungry  anyone up for some foooood 
is hungry  craving for fried food!
is hungry  nothing to eat
Is hungry already... Guess I should have eaten breakfast 
Is hungry and it isn't even close to lunch time. 
is hungry and lazy. can she just cancel the tuition todayy? NOoooooo~ 
is hungry but don't want to eat this late... 
is hungry but going back on my diet today.   harummph.
Is hungry but nothing on campus is open 
is hungry I want to eat so many things right now  http://plurk.com/p/x6j6g
Is hungry with a sub 
is hungry, aching and bored  http://plurk.com/p/oxmwg
is hungry, but can't leave for lunch 
is hungry, but doesnt know what to eat. I might just go to bed hungry 
Is hungry, but far too tired to cook. 
is hungry, I was not able to eat breakfast.. 
is hungry, revising and bored 
is hungry, twitter.  i want food. &lt;/3
Is hungry.  but nothing sounds good!
is hungry.  i want chinese!
is hungry. but there's no food in the house and I'm too lazy to go outside. 
is hungry... ang tagal ng food....  http://plurk.com/p/rb9z0
is hungry..and emo  http://plurk.com/p/sylk4
is hurt and disappointed by someone's lack of response to a birthday present she gave to him  she still doesn't know if he liked them!!!
is hurtin!!! Sprained pelvis from falling three times this winter!!! 
is hurting   Please God help me heal my heartaches.
is hurting on the inside but trying to be happy on the outside  i think im depressed. but summer starts after 11:55 tomorrow so thats good
is hurting.  Working out doesn't make you feel good in the begining. 
is i hate weekend without dad 
is i want my parent back to me  http://plurk.com/p/127b73
is i want to find my edward cullen 
is i wish you'd come home from mississippi  i can't stand this any longer i miss you to much and everything feels different.
is iffy and wonders why krispy kreme and robotpickuplines are trending topics but cant be bothered clicking. i blame the iffyness 
Is ill  soo boring
Is ill ;( bUUUUU who wants to hug me? 
is i'll and actually wanted to go to skl today 
Is ill! And my dog has started kicking his coat again 
is ill, in bed 
is ill. Plus: the weather sucks, gah...so annoyed.  Whatever, loooking forward to friday!!
Is impressed that the first half of the final she wrote is actually good.  Now to finish it and turn it in!  And then work on my paper. 
is impressed with how well the computers behaving...NOT impressed with the lack of response from the dentist 
is in a bad mood   Not having a great day
is in a bad mood  Would quite like to just have her life arranged for her!
is in a bitchy mood and feels bad for taking it out on joey 
is in a fix on what topic to start blogging 
Is in a fucked up situation and is hoping for courage to come out strong! 
is in a funk ... 
Is in a life full of flats lately  miss my heels
Is in a lot of pain right now 
is in a much better mood! I wish my weird girly hormones would quit working overtime 
is in a playfull mood and no one wants to play 
is in a really bad mood  (U) i dont know what to do with myself xx
Is in a serious pain...but still finds myself on twitter lol...ouch!!! 
is in a superrrr badd mood. 
is in a wee bit of trouble... 
Is in A&amp;E with her 2yr old he's damaged his knee 
is in an all day training session 2day... no tweetin' for me 
is in art 
is in bed - really tired - loads of homework to do today 
Is in bed not able to sleep  bloody bipolar!
is in bed playing footsies with myself 
is in bed with a cold 
is in bed with the flu n cant watch lpool beat west brom 
is in bed, feeling very ill. Got a bad cough, blocked nose, sneezy and a sore throat  Night all! Xx
Is in bed, it's to hot, I can't sleep  x
is in bed, needs to get up and go get his last little check from Club Sun 
is in bedddd. Gotta be ready by 7.30 tomorrow 
Is in bum-loads of pain. 
Is in Business Studies with Lindsey Ohh joy ive got her with mee 
is in cold Melbourne currently and bought a scarf 
is in Colorado enjoying this wonderful weather and this gorgeous view of the Rocky Mountains. I wish I had someone to share this with. 
is in comp sci class   so boring haha
is in desperate need of a Timmies coffee.. left mine in the car this morning. not even opened. 
is in english with stephanie , exams in two more days (N) 
Is in floridddaaaa. But its raining 
is in for a full day tomorrow, first time for 2 weeks 
is in for round two of winter 09 cold/flu...and it's only just the middle of May 
is in Haworth ready to leave but got another game 
Is in hiding today  
Is in hospital 
is in houston ...awake at 8:30 
Is in Huddersfield suffering with astma afta sleeping on fethow pillows 
is in ICT once again doing nowt. soo bored. very few people are here today again  oh well i have martha zoe and alyssa. 3 DAYS til wales!
is in ICT, but nearly finished work (H). but wishes she was outside in the bloody sun 
Is in karlsta in my summerhouse with my family...AND IT'S RAINING!!!! 
is in Lexington getting his puppy! miss you caylee 
is in love with scrappy and is missin him already 
is in love with the new show GLEE!  sad that i have to wait til this fall for the next episode 
Is in Manchester this week... took me 2 and a half hours to get there though cause I got stuck in the m6 traffic this morning 
Is in math. 
is in maths 
is in meetings pretty much all day. 
Is in mourning as the battery is about to die in his Zen  2 hours to go though.
Is in mourning over the tragic loss of a dear friend...Chilli's Bar &amp; Restaurant RIP  Gutted
is in mourning that he is having to miss the homesssssskooooler fair today!!!  
is in need of a mac/final cut nerd to help me fix my problem  none of the forums have answers and I'm at a serious loss.
is in need of a masage.. my neck feels so sourish sore! 
Is in need of a nap! Shouldn't have eaten 
is in need of an acute doze of good #luck! 
is in need of some home-comforts, i'm not feeling the may west. 
is in need of the damn laptop... 
is in need of TV...or at least USA. I miss my Raw fix! 
Is in Nice and the weather is glorious, but thinking of the crew, pax and their families of the Air France A330. 
is in night class...@vaowen i'm sorry you're upset! 
is in nottz, going york tomorrow. @ConorJT + @amberleightz i miss you soooooooo  xxxx
Is in one of those I don't feel like doing homework moods Blaah! And I love my daddy Very much !!  xxo
Is in one of those moods 
is in Ontario... and in big trouble.. I'm sorry, Jordan! I'll fix your hair! 
Is in Orchard now. It's so boring to walk but not shop.. 
is in pain  the agony! the horror!
Is in pain ....... Poor Me! 
IS in pain after falling down the stairs yesterday  x
is in pain from her fall  x
is in pain.... a lot of pain.  officially know what death feels like. driving 2 hours to the GCL  
is in pain...my foot hurts around the ankle area where the table leaf fell on it a week ago...ouch! 
is in photography with fi and andrew, and has work after school 
is in playoff's mourning  I'm still in denial about Boston 
is in rather a lot of pain :'( I'm a fuck up...owwwwwwww 
is in route 2 da' beach! No sun yet 
is in shock and total sadness, RIP Cindy Wood and family 
is in shock! Agent better judgment, came to work 
is in so much pain  AlexMelville BabyCakes YouMyBabyGirl LUSFM beautiful
is in SO much pain!!! 
is in so much pain. slept so crippled 
Is in soo much pain! Put me down already! Farewell followers 
is in sooo much pain right about now 
is in soooo much pain after her operation 
is in Spain, only one week left and i'm NOT ready to goooo 
Is in starbucks with cosima after getting drenced in the thunder storm! 
is in Sweden, but missed his flight home 
is in the animation studio, doing her IMM blogpost. Missed Amazing Race tonight 
Is in the badbooks again, don't know why I bother 
is in the bathroom... wake up lakin. 
is in the dark listening to Al Green, wearing vampire teeth... 
is in the dog house 
is in the hospital again.  watching my nephew take pictures of everyone..
is in the lab now...saturday...and tomorrow, i will be in the lab again.. 
is in the library workinggggg.......10 more pages? 
is in the office again and feeling like death 
is in the office. Crossover is lonely. 
is in the province ..... soaking it up ... PAMPANGA STYLE lols ..... miss everyone 
is in the pub watching state of origin shame i have no money  ... but still c'mon NSW!
is in the throws (literally) of a really horrible sickness bug  sympathy please....and a new stomach.
is in the worst mood ever. even night at the museum 2 couldn't cheer me up..and i love ben stiller!! 
is in topeka. wishes braden was here to keep me company 
Is in Toronto, alone 
is in total shock that someone i know and care about has freakin' SWINE FLU!  
IS IN TROUBLE!!! PLANS TO SEE THE Vs ARE ALMOST SHATTERED!!  @jessicaveronica
is in weekapaug with alex but no beach 
is in work  wish was out in sun riding my horse!!
Is in work on a Sunday looooooovely 
Is in work, missing the craic of the Volvo Ocean Race 
is in work, very very tired,...enough said 
is indulging in the blue sky happiness from yesterday to avoid thinking about that polaroid.  http://plurk.com/p/11yts8
is inlove with him and he don't even care 
is intensively bored and frustrated at how silver doesn't rhyme with ANYTHING... she thinks she is getting writers block... so not good 
Is internetless and has been since Friday... Stupid bell 
Is intrigued by the new PSP, pissed off with his win7 test machine not having sound and seething by his incredibly bad back 
Is iPhone 3.0 available yet in I'm... At work 
is ironing . . .  . . . on this beautiful day . . . 
Is irritated that she cannot get the iPhone upgrade to go through since their server is unavailable! 
is is is is is way sad 
is is listening to Heart Ain't Brain by Chris Brown.  http://plurk.com/p/x2bp2
is is stranded in Bohol because of typhoon...  http://plurk.com/p/13b5nj
is is upset that yt has more karma than i do!  :'-( http://plurk.com/p/11sxob
Is it 1 pm yet? Shit its only 8:30 am  I need a nap already. MORE VITAMIN b12!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
is it 3pm yet........  
is it a good thing that connection is not working well when you're suppose to study? 
Is it already 9:30?!  I'm not ready to go to bed yet!  Still got to scrub my fave shirt...my nephew spit green beans all over it...go Noah
is it bad i just gave isaac a tsp of prune juice? he hasnt pooped all day! in like 24 hours. 
is it bad im too poor to even do stupid cute chain letters? 
Is it bad that I don't like my yearbook/grad photos because they made me look old?! I feel they added 5years. 
Is it bad that I would rather be at work than at church? 
is it bad that im on redbull #2 :/ so tired 
Is it better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all?! I think not 
Is it cheating season? I found out two of my friends have been cheated on today 
Is it even possible for your heart to hurt, the way mine does tonight? 
Is it fixed?  #mmwanted
Is it home time yet. Dead now. Woe. Nothing to do 
Is it impossible for me to be ALWAYS with him for the rest of my life? 
is it just me or did omarion gain weight ??? 
is it just me or does Safari 4 seem slower than the beta that I had? 
Is it just me or does the city feel emptier 
Is it just me or has spam taken a recent turn for the worse? Seeing all kinds of blog and email crap. 
Is it just me or have Saturday morning cartoons plunged to a state of nonexistence?! 
Is it just me or have Saturday morning cartoons plunged to a state of nonexistence?!  (via @djmanifest)
Is it just me or is #google down at the moment? #gmail, Google Analytics, #gtalk etc not working here 
Is it just me or is #kate just the biggest famewhore that exists today?  More than Speidi or any of the Kardashians!  Kate disappoints me 
Is it just me or is anyone else been slow at getting subscribers lately? I've only been getting about 5 or less a day  It's discouraging.
Is it just me or is Brad Pitt looking old &amp; a tad unattractive on #60 Minutes?! I didn't think it was possible! 
Is it just me or is this day going reeeeally slowly? 
Is it just me or is twitter going wonky 
is it just me or the new chrome browser is really buggy and slow 
Is it just me or Twitter has been having problems lately.. yea, i think it's just me 
Is it just me, or was 'X-Men Origins: Wolverine' underwhelming, and boarderline GARBAGE?? I wasn't impressed at all!! 
is it just me? ....or it getting damn cold again? 
is it just my twitter messing up? im kinda border line raging right now. not a good start to the long weekend i have waited so long for 
Is it me or are people tweeting less today? [oh, right, Sunday... not for us..  ]
is it me or dose twitter seem really boring? there's no games like on FB  &amp; i really don't care what celebs are doing from day to day!
is it me or is this new 3.0 update killing the battery in the older 3G?? 
Is it me or is Vodafone UK business support rubbish? - Report a problem and you'll be ignored 
is it mean that i'm thinking NOOOO after reading Trace Cyrus' tweet to Demi? I dont like Tremi 
Is it Monday yet? *sigh* 
is it monday? i need a cure pls 
Is it Monnday already 
Is it more wrong that a) biochemical journal refers to its website as 'bj central' or b) I giggled about it for a good 30 seconds? 
Is it morning already? 
Is it national drop your dog off on the highway day? Ive seen 4 so far 
Is it not ok to just want to Hate you?  i can't do this anymore.
Is it only me, or #Yahoo changed their connection? My #Adium cannot access to Yahoo Messenger? This situation starts from yesterday! 
is it only Monday... yes  August can't get here fast enough, VEGAS BABY!
is it only thursday? feels like friday. was looking forward to the weekend, depressing 
Is it out of order to ask for some drugs at A&amp;E... Wee bit'o codeine for that afternoon tipple.... God I hope they don't gimme a plaster 
'Is it oveer yet? Can I open my eyes?' , that's exactly how I feel !! 
Is it pathetic that I'd know that voice anywhere? Miss him 
Is it possible 2 be bored on ur 1st day of ur holidays!!! ?? 
Is it possible to be this depressed..? 
Is it possible to be too tired to sleep? 
is it possible to go up 30 IQ points in a day? It would certainly help 
is it possible to have a web diary or something? it'd be waaaaay easier to type than write on a journal  xxxxxx
Is it possible to miss someone who hasn't even gone yet? 
Is it possible to overdose on fiber? Psyllium making my day a grumbly hell 
Is it possible to run a full colour managed system on a linux laptop 
Is it raining everywhere today? Hasn't stopped allll day here 
Is it raining everywhere? But I swear its June? Weather knows how to ruin my day  Any help #trackle #squarespace
Is it raining in the north end? Too bad, that has no effect on the record of dry days in a row in SEATTLE. We northenders don't count. 
Is it raining where you are? It's very heavy here 
Is it really Monday already?  
Is it really Monday tomorrow? Argh! The weekend was too short 
Is it really only Tuesday? Slow moving week... 
is it sad that i am totally bummed out that &quot;medium&quot; is moving to cbs?  the show is shit, but i love it 
Is it sad that I just Tweeted from the web and TweetDeck? YES! YES IT IS. 
is it sad that i just want him to tell me goodnight? 
Is it sad that I want to be back at school already?  GET ME OUT OF HERE.
Is it sad that our gross, dirty handmedown futon is more comfortable than my own bed? 
is it saturday yet? friday for most , but one more day for me 
is it some kind of rule that doctors/dentists offices have to have fish tanks?!?! at the oral surgeons for wisdom teeth pre-op...  
is it stupid that even with everything....i still miss him? 
is it stupid that i am sat here crying cause i am not gonna see Take That ? 
is it that hard to text back? 
is it that obvious ?!  @camillehives i miss his crazy smile buddy 
is it the weekend yet ? 
Is it the weekend yet? Oh wait, that doesn't matter because we still have BAR/BRI on the weekends 
is it time to go home yet 
Is it to late to do foundation maths 
Is it too much to ask that my pre-ordered deli order be ready when it said it would be.... KrogerFail 
Is it true that you can't swim right after you eat or is that just a myth? I wanna get back in the pool! 
Is it tuesday???? Noooo..it's MONDAYY!!! 
is it warm in here or is it just me?  http://svs.gsfc.nasa.gov/vis/a000000/a003500/a003596/
Is it weird for me to miss doing homeworks and going to school? 
is it weird that i really want a harry potter bed spread and pillows???? i wish i could find one that wasn't gryffindor 
Is it wrong I still do not want her to go visit him?  I feel like such a horrible, jealous person when it comes to him... 
Is it wrong I want bacon &amp; eggos. But Mr BGs can't do it. Why I gotta take 1 for the team. 
Is it wrong that I want the Dabr widget to have a transparent b/g on the icon? Looks untidy on my active desktop 
is it wrong that i've been avoiding him because i sorta lied... :/ i should've just said no when he asked 
is it wrong that my eyes still really hurt from the chlorine even though I was out of the pool by 10? only usually lasts about 30 mins... 
Is it wrong to be obsessed with one of the new songs from the Jonas Brothers? 
is it wrong to have a second lunch????? I'm Hungry still 
Is it wrong to want chocolate this early in the a.m.? I could really go for some hot chocolate and churros . . . substituting granola bar 
Is it's my brothers last day of school 
is its rainy outside  so tired but has a full day ahead
is its suppose to my birthday festivities..but im feeling sad 
is jealous at the meet-up pics filtering through from Davo's twitter feed. 
Is jealous i dont have espn2hd to watch the drag races  glad i have twitties and the force team! Keep me posted
is jealous of everyone at Summertime Ball today. really wanted to go... and i actually could've gone but got revision to do for exams! 
is jealous of her 1144 friends and how much time they spend together now. It wasn't that way when I was there. 
is jealous that @MissJenner is famous!  what about me
is jealous. Because they're at Ced's.  http://plurk.com/p/rel5n
is job hunting again... dont want to but i'm too unhappy at work. been there too long n need to leave n do something i enjoy.  
is jobless 
is just 
is just about to get in the shower to clean up before work. 
is just about to go and make dinner.  Running late tonight 
is just about to start the big clean. Really can't be bothered 
is just back from school. &gt;&lt;&quot; tired  http://plurk.com/p/11b2xw
is just Base Rock Cafe, was OK  well, waiting for French Open Finale. Reading, Blogging, Music, Food, Coffee and Relaxation.
Is just confused... and sad... David is no longer the Doctor!! *cries* The 10th Doctor's reign is over.  Bring on Matt Smith!
is just gettin home and gotta sleep on the couch!! uncle passed out on my bed  I guess it runs in the family LoL
is just getting on the road back to statesboro...sadness I'm tired 
is just getting startet and wonders where to find the next physician. My ear is kinda closed up   Tooo much swimming on monday
is just going to have to wait to watch the hills tomorrow!!! 
Is just having one of those days!!!  In desperate need of cheering up...any takers ; ) Lol
is just hoping she'll make it through today and tonight. it's just gonna be so hard 
Is just loving the fact that it is 3:30 in the a.m. and my lil daughter will not go back to sleep!!! 
is just now getting home from a 12 hr. work day....f'n exhausted... 
is just pure exhausted.. cant even walk anymore 
is just sorry.. 
is just watched the season finale of grey s anatomy that hes been meaning to watch since forever......izzy...george 
is just watchin the hollyoaks omnibus nd then im going to do the housework.......   xx
Is keen for a big fat greasy double or possibly triple cheeseburger. Hmmmmm. Yum. Already had dinner. Maybe another nite. 
is killing trees... I mean downloading important educational research 
is kind of a Nancy Negative today 
is kind of sad her show should be going on right now 
Is kind of tired but cant sleep 
is kind of upset 
Is kinda bored at home right now. My BF at work 
is kinda hoping shane reconsiders the whole beard thing. i have a thing for goatees and he is going to ruin a perfectly good one. 
Is kinda hungover but Happy Birthday Adam! Damn work so f-in early... I dont wanna work out tonight  Haha A bunch of random though for ya.
Is kinda sad my sis Tori_Grady is hangin with the girls, and I'm not there! Aaaand I can't protect her from the hood niggaz @ the club 
is kinda sleepy.....and craving pizza like crazy  gotta wait though....going to bed night night my sexy love!!! i love you and miss you!!!
is kinda upset cause he wanted to see his girlfriend tonight but aparently all that went to shit 
is kinda wishing the dublin in ireland was where the dublin in CA is 
is kinda worried. why do i have white spots on my skin from the sun  is that healthy? 
Is kinda worried..  hope everythings ok
Is knackered after bad nite sleep with baby 
is knackered after working nights 
is lagos bound, and missing her baby already! 
is laid in bed and can't move coz of my sunburn! 
is laid on the balcony revising for tomorrows exam and is gutted that its on her birthday 
Is late 
is late for boys over flowers 
Is late for her 8am webinar bc someone took out a pole on euclid. 
Is late for work... 
is layin back chillin chillin trying to fully recover from this bad cold.... 
is layin down &amp; not feelin good @ all.....not sure whats goin on..prayin its not my gallbladder 
is layin down feelin the effects of what u call a bad hang ova ughh fuck fuck fuck 
is laying here in bed listening to my hubby snore.. i cant sleep and have a huge test tomorrow 
is laying in bed and doesn't want to get out, because it is cold out there. 
Is laying in bed at his dads place, 14 more weeks until uni starts again hehe! Miss ma boyfriend who is in Canada for two weeks tho 
is laying in bed bored talking to hayden on msn nd apparantly i owe him 5pounds now 
is laying in bed trying to sleep and cant 
is laying in bed. Misses you 
is laying on the couch 24/7 and hating every minute of it! 
Is laying on the couch. Got my wisdom teeth out yesterday. 
is lazing around before a hard day of shopping!  but then work  
Is learning 
Is learning about how I can get popular in youtube. 
Is learning piano. Thank the Lord for making me a quick learner and a hard worker. SUPER STOKED!.. i dont want to work tomorrow 
is learning to live life in second place.... f*** my life 
Is leavin for La tmo for 2 weeks. No phone 
is leaving Greensboro  I had a GREAT time. Now trying to figure out whats going on in Durham tonight.
is leaving june third for lebanon, i'm going to miss colorado and CARLY 
is leaving Marinduque tomorrow morning. October na ulit ang balik 
Is Leaving My Aces Side Tonight  ...... Boo Loving :-p
is Leaving new mexico 
Is leaving salem today  but turns 19 tomorrow !
is leaving the beach 
Is leaving the lake, very tired even though I couldn't get in the water. 
is leaving to go up town .. my shoulder is gone.. :/ i think soccer is off the menu today 
is leaving tomorrow for manila and she hasn't even packed yet. 
is leaving tomorrow.  Keithe Urban and Sugarland on Wed. &lt;3 &lt;33
is leaving Toronto now 
is left with egg on my face! LOL 
is level 27 the highest level in resto city?? :| no more employees and bigger resto? 
is like doing PDHPE assessment... 
is limping 
is limping again 
is limping to her spa appointment with a twisted ankle  http://plurk.com/p/yx1g8
is listening to &quot;forget about me&quot;... and misses katrina... those were the days  i miss you ning... http://plurk.com/p/13c9uo
is listening to (*LASt TimE*)  damn I wish i could really mean it. o well! LOL
is listening to Burial while seeing the sun coming up. I have not been kissed in a long while and I am a bit sad because of it. 
is listening to elvis costello and kings of leon! i looove theem, &amp; wish you were here to talki 
Is listening to her baby girl cry......and trying so hard not to go and pick her up out of her crib.  God this is so hard.
Is listening to his grandmothers stories about her trip to chicago this weekend. Her first time going without me. 
is listening to miserable at best &amp; miss malyda so damn much! 
is listening to the Solitary Snape recordings. I have a loooooooooooot to do tomorrow. Stupid sickness and SkÃ¥ne 
is listening to tracks and chilling at home coz I'm sick 
Is listening to two 7O yr. People talk about sex while working at the soda fountain. 
is listernin 2 beyonce - diva n is waitin 4 the rain 2 leave us in England! 
is literally baking in the sun! ahh i am sooo dark! 
Is live on cfxrnetradio.com, got a few gremlins in the studio today 
Is livejournal down for anyone else? 
is living out of a suitcase 
is living under a rock. I had no clue instructables charged for pro accounts 
is LIVING WITHOUT YOU  http://plurk.com/p/12dz4k
is locked out for the house! shit, thank god there's internet... 
is locking himself away for the day. Medical help in progress... 
Is lonely 
Is Lonely  and some-what sad/confused. :/
Is lonely  I want a &quot;baby-lover&quot;
is lonely and doesnt want to be sick anymore! 
is lonely and has a minor sunburn. How very... not sexy at all. 
is lonely girl for the weekend 
is lonely, unwanted and unloved 
is lonely. i miss my babies. 
is lonely. Meh 
is lonely.... 
is lonelyy 
Is lonesome &amp; missing Ben 
is lonley cuz no1 is home lol omg i wish the rain would stop me nd bonn can go out 
is lookin at horrid pictures of herself that people have been posting on facebook:S 
is looking after 2 kids and we're all full of cold 
is looking after her dad cos he has a bad back 
is looking at the gray sky. The sun has been stolen again 
is looking at the skies outside. Cloudy and gloomy 
Is looking for a decent Windows Mobile 6 client for Twitter. Tried Twobile... crashed 
Is looking for a dress for her friend but can't find it 
is looking for a JOB. 
is looking for a new firewire interface.  The Focusrite Saffire LE did me dirty. 
Is looking for anyone who's not too busy for me right now... 
is looking for every possible way to get her passport. Let me know if you can help me 
is looking for jobs and finding nothing!!!  add @TCWband
is looking for some sites to download free audio books...can someone please help me!!  http://plurk.com/p/y5ks3
is looking for someone to go out for sushi tonight.My usual victims aren't here... 
is looking for someone to luv but no one luvs back 
is looking for someone to talk to. 
is looking for someone who can create her myspace page a beter page  everytime i go i hate it more and i cant do it by myself...  do y ...
is looking for stuffs (books, bags, shoes, etc.) on the internet. Wanna buy them aaaaaaall. @-) Too bad I've no moneeeeey 
is looking for that stupid adapter then doing math and vocab 
is looking forward to chicago but sat that I wont see __ for a couple of days  saddddd
is looking forward to David and I working with Crystal ... although Em leaving makes me sad.  
is looking forward to seeing folks tonight, but has serious talking to do. 
Is looking forward to some good times. And damn do I want pizza since that idiot driver forced me to slam my brakes and smash my dinner.. 
is looking forward to the return of ISIHAC on R4 tonight. Can't see how it'll be the same without Humph though 
is looking forward to the sun shining later and enjoying getting tan.. Poor lil Prada  was a good 2 years &lt;3 x
Is looking forward to the weekend!!! To bad it is only Monday 
is looking forward to watching the season finale of &quot;supernatural&quot;   gonna miss the boys.......................xxxx 
Is looking mighty fine at work. What a waste. 
is looking through the PANED window &amp; all she sees is precipitation 
is looking to get twitter on her blackberry... anyone know how? tinytwitter failed me 
is loosing everyone 
is losing all her energy.. and dont wanna fight nemore...  wheres the white towel :/ im throwing it in
is losing her positive energy 
is losing her touch 
is losing her voice.  @suriyaniee aku tak ckp aku suke...aku pakai to let the whole world know that i'm married to nick jonas! (:
Is lost with chris. 
is lousy at tweeting... 
Is lovin the new iPhone but stil n shock on how much I spent 
is lovin the sunshine!!! Shame it only shines about once a year in Glasgow! 
is loving her day off! Early start tomorrow, 3am!!! and i promised mr.driver i wouldnt sleep in car journey....gutted!! 
Is loving her laid back life right now... dreading to go back. 
is loving looking after Bonnie.. not loving her being in the kitchen til i get back at lunch for walkies 
is loving my new haircut!! and gosh, im gonna miss jacob when i go to arizona 
Is loving Pink right now, and REALLY wants to see her in concert 
is loving the florida beach still... and sunburned 
Is loving the nice day but has nothing to do  if I go into mansfield I'll be going on my own boo.
is loving the sunny weather &amp; dreading dentist appointment at 4.00 
is loving the sunshine and the heat!!! so not sycked for school tomorrow 
Is loving the weather 2day... Shame im inside revising for exams 
is loving the weather but is stuck with work 
is loving this gorgeous weather!!!! Found our kitty yesterday...yay! Anyone have any tips on how to force an 11 year old to go to school? 
is loving this hot weather just doesnt want 2 go back 2 school in it  xx
is loving xna. The official tutorial however is voiced by the most boringly slow guy ever - 7 videos &amp; all he has done is drawn a sprite 
is low batt 
is low, too low down the lane of his life, he needs a break.        
is lukin 4ward 2 her lil trail day on sat on her break at workies nd feels very ick!!  xx
is lying flat on the bed. tired to even move my legs  what is happening to me
is lying in his bed cause he has the flu 
is mad all these porno people the only followers 
is mad at her computer for giving her false hope.. stupid computer.. it's about to die again.. and no charger in sight.. 
is mad at Microsoft Office Word. it erased a review. 
is mad cause i cnt go 2 prom saturday..  its alright tho its just my junior year..most definitly goin my senior year..wouldnt dare miss it
Is mad cuz her lap top wont work! It wont go to the desktop. It just sits on the DELL startup screen and thats it! grrrr 
is mad I can't see the people I actually know updates cuz these famous folks -- who could care less about me -- are clouding the tweets! 
Is Mad My White Shoes Are Getting Dirty. And I Got Paint On My Shirt 
is mad that her email won't send to Germany!!! 
Is mad that she can't keep her old number 
is mad that the confederates won the battle 
Is mad twitter is not getting any updates from my phone ...grr... 
is mad! I can't find my sunglasses 
Is mad, camp bow wow sigb they should be open, but they weren't 
is made of fail. 
is making an ouline for this HISTory EXAm 
is making dinner and settling in for the evening, the bf is sick 
is making dinner, working on homework, and wishing my head would stop hurting 
is making fun of Julie 
is making her assignments in math. heesh! araw-araw nlng my assignmnts kmi. 
Is making myself sick 
is making preparations for the week to come...heading back to work after a long hiatus...will miss being a stay at home Mom 
is massively jealous of Tony going to see Oasis today 
Is mean to sam 
Is Meant To Be Getting Ready To See Sophie At Half Past But I Havent Even Got Dressed Yet xD I Have A Headache  Oh I Better Rush &lt;3
is meant to be going out but is poor  Dilemma! My party ethos says I must, my comfort zone says no? xoxo
is mega tired about this morning, and i buggered up my english exam big time  on way home now and gunna sunbathhheeee!
is melting in this heat, and i cant even see the sun in the sky 
is mentally exhausted, tired of crying, and just wants to love her job again. 
is mesmerized by dna paternity drama ...  maury is on for only 5 more minutes 
is miserably ill.  - http://tweet.sg
is miss my brotha  http://plurk.com/p/ujt05
Is missin qwade&lt;3  and hopes to see him tomorrow!!!miss you baby!
Is missing @MCnFLO bday party in the Chi. 
is missing A&amp;S 
Is missing Angels and Demons  kinda wish they had skipped the entire ceremony and just shown the film
is missing anj  http://plurk.com/p/x5jfl
is missing audyy 
is missing Bem....  http://plurk.com/p/uhrx3
is missing Coli who has gone out for the day.   Thank God I have my coffee.  
is missing college days... and summer sucks... 
is missing download 
is missing everyone back home so much 
is missing fearne cottin on the radio 
is missing her boy like crazy, bugger 
is missing her boyfriend so much it hurts....would love to be at the beach with him today in ireland or canada!! 
Is missing her cousin terribly 
is missing her cousins in Bandar. How I wish you guys were here. 
is missing her family and friends in DSM 
is missing her Flowerbomb... 
is missing her guy 
is missing her hubby and dreading the root canal tomorrow...yikes 
Is missing her little bro sooooo much 
is missing her red hair today 
IS MISSING HIM A WHOLE LOT!!!   
is missing him so badly 
is missing him so much right now 
Is missing him very much 
Is missing him!!! ugghhh he has a new game &amp;&amp; he want tlk to me. 
is missing his better half 
is missing his Blackberry right now!! there is no real way of fixing it though 
Is Missing His Girlfriend  x
is missing his Green Laser  http://tinyurl.com/d5v6fh
is missing his sister in the states.    relocate...? ?
is missing his sweet wife... gonna be a lonely week!!  
is missing home... 
is missing Irshaad abit toooo much 
Is missing John, I dont want him to go away 
is missing Jon rather alot and hope he finishes work early!! 
is missing kim already 
is missing London and London life....Ireland Sssshhhmierland! 
is missing London and London life....Ireland Ssssssumrireland! 
Is missing matthew fox cause of the valedictory  &amp; now I just missed my fav part in an avenged sevenfold song 
is missing my AMARANDE family. 
Is missing my baby twitts! I haven't seen my Bre in a week! I need my child! No man can replace my baby  tear!
is missing my bebe's voice.  http://plurk.com/p/xwz8s
is missing my best friend too much! Can't it be August already!!! 
is missing my bro and his family already 
is missing my friend!  its been 2months now....but...hes following his dreams!
is missing my guy. I probably have to wait another week to see him 
Is missing my phone vibrate from getting texts 
is missing my photoshop 
is missing Orlando something fierce today 
is missing out 
is missing out on graduation because she's at work  sorry elise... although i know you're going to be super pissed irregardless.
is missing pilates class today 
is missing romeo [my cat] so bad  &quot;bubu, miss you!&quot;
is missing some1   love u xxxxx
is missing somebody na  http://plurk.com/p/x63p2
is missing someone  http://plurk.com/p/12jvps
is missing someone already and they've only been gone an hour 
is missing someone too 
is missing someone. 
is missing Steven  get your arse home! lol
is missing suzie the mini and all of her choons!  when will i see the sun again aimo?   
is missing Tehran in these election days 
is MISSING the annual Serbian Orthodox picnic!!   No smokin hot Serbs for me!  Life is cruel!  I mean seriously, imagine how many will be
is missing the best show in the world tonight 
is missing the cuban sun, the beach and the vitamin R 
is missing the days! 
is missing the download family like mad!! back at crappy old work  need a pukka holiday soon! any suggestions??
is missing the fam and good old south african food. 
is missing the FireBrands team now  They are all friendly
is missing the fun she had with @Sylars_Army at Eclipse 3  #SArmy #SArmy #SArmy 
is missing the green green pastures of home 
is missing the IPL action due to the time difference 
is missing you 
is missing you sooooo much...where are you?  It's been 4 days &lt;/3
is missing.. you  http://plurk.com/p/12ewto
is misssing cola 
Is Missssssing You     Aye aye aye, I wanna watch Transformerss leiii 
is moar sad when ppl buli meh  http://plurk.com/p/yx4d2
IS MONDAY!! 
is moody for the whole day for some reason 
is moping because I have to go back to school tomorrow &amp; Dan doesn't 
is mourning his Xbox Elite. April 29, 2007 to May 30, 2009. You will be missed.  Should I replace with his bigger and red-er brother now?
is mourning the death of Ed MacMahon  Rest in peace
is moving offices... 
is moving to Georgia this summer 
is moving to Madrid in less than a week and still has no job or flat lined up 
Is Mucho Mad At Family Cause They Wont Let Me Get The itouch That I Have Been Waiting 4 For LIke Foreva!! 
is munchin on yummii white choco cookies after a lushh Nandos Hot &amp; Extra Chicken  Oh Dearrrrr.. Rainn N thunderrr 
is munching on a hershey's bar...will be home from DC at midnight! 
is my big brother is 21 today!! So we are going to celebrate and go to the Dollar General and get a pool &amp; play in it because its so hot 
is naruto's ending is near  http://plurk.com/p/wxcmy
is nauseated 
is NBA Draft tomorrow! Patty Mills is leaving SMC  [Warriors? I can hope, right?]... I miss my SMC girls..
is nearly coming back to the UK 
Is needing a part time job...Any ideas was thinking Data Entry..Since Im going back to school  Need more more more money
is nervous about getting a house out in town 
is nervous about her surgery tomorrow 
is nervous as fuck 
is nervous bout today...  .. sigh.
is nervous for NCLEX tomorrow 
is nervous, surgery tomorrow  ew. And of course its gunna be nice the day after I get it ahha. FML!
is never around for the sl100 quiz   I want water park tickets waaaa
is NEVER drinking again! Im tired! And working  Someone feel sorry for me :p!
is never eating at Applebees again! Food was unsatisfying and now my stomach hurts 
is never going to fall asleep at or before 11. 
is never going to get to see star trek. 
is never updating someones twitter ever again. 
Is new at Twitter &amp; has nobody to follow! 
is new to Twitter and sad that she can't find any of her friends 
Is no longer in high school 
Is no longer on break! Back to work 
is no longer online 
is no longer stephnanny.. 
Is no longer sure of his .NET Skills. OWNED 
is no loving the new spurs kit 
is not a fan of getting things disconnected and reconnected, be nice to just make 1 call and have phone, internet and power on at both 
is not a fan of his temporary mac, Beach ball of death 
is not a fan of lending ppl stuff they don't return 
is not a fan of rollercoasters... when is comes to relationships 
Is not a fan of the flu (thankfully not swine) have not felt this sick and lifeless for a long time. Back to bed 
is not a fan of these antibiotics! Her stomach is too upset for her to sleep! 
is NOT a happy bunny. so-called friends have gone and ruined my chances on this project! 
is not a monster! 
is NOT a morning person!  argh!
is not allowed 2 see her Babyy during  finals.   ILY, SHMEXII ! Mwaaah! ;)
is not allowed to play with the armwrestling arcade game 
