Evan starts daycare tomorrow 
evanescence are really gonna suck now without amy-lee 
evdeyim cumartesi g�n� biraz hastay?m grip , at home at saturday  cuz I m ill , flu , hapshuuuu , I cleaned my home eat lunch hi everybody
Even #WolframAlpha cannot tell me how to mend a broken heart 
even a funeral for a drug addict is sad 
Even a Gordon Ramsay couldn't save me tonight 
even after lots of sleep i don't feel too much better.  getting ready for workkk
Even after sleeping in til 12, I'm still tired 
Even after the paycheck, still broke.  Haven't put into the $10k savings after hitting $5K.  boo 
Even as an adult, watching scary movies before bed is not a good idea 
Even at 10 o'clock at night it's too hot to walk my dogs. 
Even at 8 in the evening it is still soooooo hot outside! 
Even better news to hear after working a 15 hour day... My hot water heater peaced it... Cold showers for me in the morning 
Even better...why limit the chars I can use? You're going to encrypt it before storing in the database, right? Oh, you're not? 
even disney couldnt cure my concussion 
Even I found the England vs India cricket exciting yesterday - shame we could not win today too 
Even I think I might be getting a speeding ticket ...... Secretly hoping I won't ..... Don't want points 
Even IBM uses the JEE moniker  It's &quot;JavaEE&quot; folks. You're all so lazy! ;)
Even if the hills was staged i still love it but i'm missing LC..  - http://tweet.sg
Even If things get heavy..... we'll all float on.  Haha damn work 
Even in Chinatown you can't find asian pop music... only traditional. 
Even iPhone doesn't like going south of Thames 
even jesus had more followers than this 
Even just 140 characters takes forever to type on a PSP. I would know. I just wrote this from mine. Took 4 min. 
even more tired this morning than i was yesterday. got business first lesson  killmenow.
even my soft comfy uggs are irritating it 
even my toes hurts 
Even the actual snack is hard to eat!  http://bit.ly/cWC9Z
Even the GOOGLE doesn't know.   
even the part where she tells hef she is leaving is sad 
Even the streets are quiet without the seniors  This is sad &amp; weird.
even the though of saturday isn't cheering me up  FFS
Even this film needs trimmed down a bit to make it 3 minutes long 
even tho 4 some reason its not showing up that im following @shakefire &amp; @peteroberth...hope my entry still counts i wanna go 2 hawaii 
Even tho it is fathers day, I have to go to blessing of the graves.  I am away to clean, I done loads so far
Even thou I'm not all tan.. And a big girl! I do love my legs!!  Would be better if I had been working out! Fail!! 
even though everyone wanted to do a newish song and our teacher agreed :S old grumpy doesn't like us happy  haha
Even though I expected Italy to win, I would have love to have been able to see the US at full strength. 3-1 is the final 
Even though I feel horrible for ruining my mami's bday I'm really happy they're coming up to take care of me, makes me feel a lil better 
Even though I got up on time and everything, somehow I'm still running late. Gah! How did this happen? Also, my socks kinda don't match. 
even though i have a 4.0.. i am freaking out about finals. what if i get my first EVER college B?? 
Even though I know the outcome of Series 3 of Beauty and the Geek, I still well up every time Tony and Amanda leave 
Even though I said 'no' to all the continuity up and cross sells I still had the subscription in my account when I logged in. Evil 
Even though I'm done with my PPT, I don't feel good at all. I want to go home now! 
even though im no superman, i'll still try my best to save the both of us. 
Even though I'm sick there is still housework to do... 
even though it's only 7am on Saturday morning, it feels like the weekend is already over. btw I'm awake because I had a bad dream.. 
Even though most of the cast are in Scientology, &quot;My Name Is Earl&quot; shouldn't die quite yet...  #WTF #SaveEarl #fb
even though much better is bashing my favourite person ever, @taylorswift13 i cant help but love it. sorry 
even though my dad screamed at me yesterday  doesnt make me love him any less haha...
Even though there was a couple scares...I'm glad my sister made it through the surgery ok today  ily
Even thought it's been over 24 hours since the spider was spotted on the bed, I'm still terrified I'll wake up with it on my face 
Even triple-strength coffee isn't waking me up this morning  #fb
even tweeting about rain is not helping my cause. Weather angels don't seem to be following twitter 
Even when I find him a job that he likes which is only 14 hrs a wk, he is still grumpy about it, there is just no pleasin some people 
Even when youre sick you have to dance to *nsync!! owww. now my head hurts. 
Even with 3G, still have crappy reception here in east beverly hills 
Even with a sizeable deposit, I still dont think I can borrow enough on my salary 
even with the worlds fastest browser my computer was being a dinosaurrrr.......... wow thats sad  my computer is gonna die soon i think
even worse than the snuggie, the cudly  
evenin to all.. been gone for sometime.. due to severe fever, hypertension, and body pains caused by my last trip to zambales. poor me 
Evenin' tweeties. Phew it's been hot! Not that I'm complaining. Walked 4 miles into town today and felt all hot 'n sweaty   Was nice tho.
Evening tweeps. Gotta go finish my 10 pg paper tonight and tomorrow morning. did anybody watch my youtube vid? 
evening! just watched come dine with me. made me miss dundee even more 
Evening, afternoon andgood day tweeples, lovely but weirdy day, spent most of the 1st half in bed, had almighty headache  in face  !
Evening, I so wanna book a show on reach for tomorrow before I go away....shame the website aint working 
Evening...has anyone else been having trouble with twitterwall...taking ages and then when registered vote numbers not changing 
eventful day! so proud of heidi! bored at home though 
eventful morning for me, I screamed and cried like a little girl when I found a tick on my back  ICK ICK ICK
Eventhough he won't get any of it. Sorry. 
eventually got a pic so proud only small fish though 
Ever been in an akward situation? Yeah that's me right now. I feel like I'm in a Snicker's commercial. &quot;Wana get away&quot;? 
Ever been in love with one of your friends?.......Sadly I am 
Ever Been In Love With Someone And Can't Tell Them?? 
Ever Feel Like God Is A Kid With A Magnifier On An Ant Hill? Im Starting To Think So... 
Ever feel like you're just gonna die? I'm sorry, y'all. For everything. Lurves... Completely. 
ever felt completley empty and just wanted 2 die? i feel th@ way the now wish hings were bk 2 normal 
Ever felt like you were all alone? It's a horrible feeling 
Ever felt so hot that water started dripping from your eye? And its not tears...Yeah thats me right now 
Ever get depressed when things in life come to an end? Weekends? Summers? Life with your BALLS?? FAAK!!! I loose em Thurs! NOOOOOO!   
ever get the feeling someone's peeking while you are home alone working on the computer. I'm kinda getting it right now...  
Ever had that feeling where your hot and cold at the same time ur body is aching from head to toe u can't keep ur food down..yaa I'm sick 
ever had your internet go out while you were taking a test online? that would be me, last night. 
Ever hated someones face so bad u just want to beat the crap out of it? Even when the person didn't do anything? - yeah I'm mean 
ever have a daydream where its about something youve always wanted to do but you know that it will never come true? ye they suck  x
Ever have that teacher that was so wonderful &amp; inspirational, it made you look forward to school? I did &amp; he just died  RIP Mr. Rominski
Ever look at an exam paper and wonder if you printed out one for the wrong subject? That's when you know #revision isn't going well  #fb
Ever misplace a bag of Hershey Kisses? When I find that bag it's going to be a brick of chocolate 
Ever since I had my car problems a few days ago,my car has occasionally been smoking.  Apparently the grommet on the AC has melted 
Ever since I tweeted about lovin the blue arrows on my bberry.. They've been showing up soo much without ANY action! 
Ever since I upgraded to jaunty I've suffered from wifi and hso fail. I has a sad fafe 
Ever since Stan died, I barely see him anymore 
ever so slightly delicate this morning...plus baddy on my knee from slipping when walking home  i didnt even drink THAT much...honest! ;)
ever tried eating an apple iphone? it doesn't taste like an apple 
Ever tried Shozu? Pls dont. Version 4.01 doesnt work. Pity. 4.0 worked fine 
Ever wanted to talk to someone so bad it hurts? 
Evermore &amp; End of Fashion rocks! My poor foot though! oww! injured my foot. not good. will be sore tomorrow.  details to follow  later
Everone is happy  besides me  but its all good i guess
Everthing matching and stylish she comes home and throws a tantrum says Im invading her privacy !!!! Calgon Take me Away 
Everton 1 nil up and I have to watch on teletext 
Everwood Season 2 is out on DVD today. Too bad I can't afford it 
Every domain name that could possibly be useful is already taken 
every freakin where I go jessie mcarthy is there. damn 
Every middle-aged male in West Norfolk in Argos buying electric shavers in half price sale but stock conveyor belt broken. Ugly scenes 
Every monday mrng I realise I should have spent more time in sleeping over the weekend... 
every muscle in my body.. is aching 
every night, at about 23:00, the dns stops working 
Every one in texas is sleeping. I'm awake in cali.  http://myloc.me/2aFx
EVERY other site other than google opens up wen i try...  what the ... using bing.com now... not bad...
Every part of my body feels like it's on fire. 
Every second I'm not with him I miss him so much.   http://twitpic.com/6fxab
every single song i've texted in to be number one has gone next. thats well shit, they'll never read us out 
every stinking video game site is slow and won't let me watch the E3 live feed 
every team i cheer for loses...  cards, canucks, and cavs 
Every thing going bad in Tehran, i hate this situation! No E-mail, No Messenger, No Communication!  All of news agancies are blocked .
every thing she do is like me~~tryina walk like me tryina TALK like me 
Every time a movie I really want to see comes out, I promise I won't read reviews beforehand.  And every time...I fail.  
Every time I get a text, why isn't it him, and why do I even want it to be? Band boys are so much trouble 
Every time I get excited about something I have to see the price tag  http://tinyurl.com/o3r29r
Every time i go to starbucks i get a deformed lid. 
Every time I have an early meeting, I have a nightmare that I oversleep and miss it/am late. Wake up stressed out. 
Every time I hear someone from Vancouver, it makes me follow them. I'm hopelessly in love with #vancouver 
Every time I see a 'request for articles' post somewhere I lement the fact I have nothing worth writing down right now 
Every time I shave THIS happens -_-;... so I saw a FedEx guy at work, he asked me &quot;is there an adult I can talk to&quot;... I hate being short 
Every time I try to compress video with Lagarith, the final footage plays way slower than normal.  Huffyuv is eatin' mah harddrive space!
Every time I walk past a calendar, I get scared. Cos then I realise that ALL my days are numbered. 
every time i want to be productive it's nice out.  i guess next time
Every time someone unusual makes it on the Twitter tends list, I think they have died.  Yesterday Hugh Laurie, today Bill Bailey
Every Wed. - crows destroy neighbour's garbage, my dog brings it home to me. 
every year I keep thinking that it's on the 28th and I have no idea why! 
every1 is goin to the carnival in my school but mee   i'm stuck in my room studying(as usual).
Everybody but him 
Everybody deserves to have a night like the one i just had. I love my friends and i love summer. The separation starts saturday with Matt 
everybody enjoying don lemon beast on cnn, then i brought up bryant gumble and everybody went  *dead*
Everybody getting new twit pics 
Everybody has samaa tv balls but me. I want one!!! 
Everybody ignores the dad subject? Idk what to do haha 
everybody in my house is lazy. why do something LATER when u can do it now. i only love my dad but he's not here!!! 
everybody is asleep...  not fair, i'm goin through my no sleep stage again, it comes and goes. we'll see...
everybody is going to miami.....and not me 
Everybody is with their significent other  makes me miss my babez OD @ mels grad bbq
Everybody loves the weekend.... But not when you have to work it. 
everybody nampak busy the whole day. I just woke up and dont know what to do next 
everybody say that everything has a happy ending .. but i dont think so, becasue the endings are the worst part of the story 
Everybody seems to hate me when I say how I really feel. Oh well! 
everybody: prayers for @alidietz club lexus.  she has to come back to life.
Everybody's busy for the up coming Sports Day... Haaaaysshhh... Say hello to sunburn 
Everybody's doing things without me... 
Everybody's going back home..  I wish i could go to Haiti, hopefully i will next summer...MIA i miss u too..(The Haitian station) DADE!
Everybody's going to Transformers tonight 
everybody's in fontana now &amp; i'm still home...waaaaa...  http://plurk.com/p/11srpv
everybody's talkin' about surfing and the beach and i am trying not to cry that there is no beach trip in my future...argh! 
Everybody's Talking - Good Shoes // No reception = no texts 
everybodyy follow my support system if it wasnt 4 dem idk how iculd qet thru disz disz  @StarcOurtneyyy  @xXx_MzBuqz_xXx  @mrszjbarbar
everyday 34^C.. 
Everyday I don't get a chance to read @grum's blog I die a little inside  http://bit.ly/lyztJ
Everyday Im getting sicker  Ben Haslaw funeral tomorrow, which should lighten my mood even further!
everyday is a chore. lonliness is my enemy!  There only so many song i can sing to pass the time
everyday that passes makes it hurt a little more... I really liked him... 
everyday! i call that grrrrrrrrrrr! 
everyone asked me to do a lot of things at the same time! its so insane! im stress! 
Everyone at the PK Lounge is sick. We all look miserable.   such a bittersweet day.
Everyone bailed today...  Better luck next time i guess.
Everyone be safe. Correy, sorry I cudnt make it out  but arthritis isn't havin it tonight.
everyone but me. 
Everyone buy or download Girls Aloud - Untouchable or it will be their 1st single ever NOT to make the top 10. That cant happen! 
everyone close to me is slowly leaving me  a 'brother' of mine is deploying to afghanistan in a couple of hours. Sadface.
Everyone cover your eyes. I have to senda bday shout out and ill have u cuss cuz thier username cusses  sry!
everyone else has a more interesting life then me!  how sad
Everyone else is in NC to see David and I cant go 
Everyone else liked it. Kinda bummed now. 
Everyone enjoy LondonSEO later http://londonseo.org/ I Can't make again 
everyone fkn cancelled on me for tomm... im type livid... o well... its my fam time anyone.. ima enjoy myself... 
Everyone flaked on me so I'm stuck at home 
Everyone follow @truthtweet, shows which celebrities are the real ones and which are fake... so sad about twilight starts.. Damn fakers!! 
Everyone follow Ashley in Florida!!  @onetrubeauty!!!! I miss her 
Everyone gets to be with the one they love and mines in manchester  im fucking going mental without him!!!! *crys*
Everyone gets to lay out by the pool except for me   working till 7. Come visit
Everyone getting good now #fitfam #bluebox This was an unpleasant surprise 
everyone has gone home  missing hanging out with @wee_hen @JamesHillyer @JordanMcDeere come back soon please!
Everyone has iphones wtf! All I keep seein r posts from their 3gs iphones  all I have is a blackberry wahhh oh well out of work goin home
everyone has left me and gone to bed 
Everyone has seen Angels &amp; Demons except me 
Everyone hates me 
Everyone hates me. I don't like being just a side kick... 
Everyone I wasted $45 getting my hair done... I'm about to wash it RIGHT now.. It's oily  .... @mixedchicks this is why I stay ALL natural
Everyone in my family is sick. I think weising and me passed the flu to everyone     Alden vomitted too. omgomg.
Everyone in my house is sick. Including me 
Everyone in my team at work are either overseas or at a client site. I'm lonely 
Everyone in my team bar me has just been made redundant. 
Everyone in the house left me, and now i'm all alone 
Everyone is always out on Friday nights! 
everyone is asleep but me 
Everyone is asleep. I'm jealous. I only got 2 hours of sleep  
everyone is away to bed and i'm still wide awake 
Everyone is beating my highscore on Typing Maniac. I suck  #facebook
everyone is being so mean about Chantelle?. She seems to make tom happy.. but she def broke my heart! 
everyone is being very loud in my house...... 
Everyone is busy on my free day 
everyone is busy today 
Everyone is crying on The Amazing Race and it's making me sad. 
Everyone is having sleep overs, what the balls! 
Everyone is making fat jokes about me 
everyone is making fun of the way i say &quot;dirty&quot; 
everyone is now awake....but now it's time for enforced f1 qualifying and home improvement shows. 
Everyone is saying @shanedawson 's new vid is super funny...and i cant watch it coz i has no internet! 
Everyone is so sad about the no touching rule.  You still get to see them! More than most of us get!
Everyone is so upset now 
Everyone is staring at my lips 
everyone keeps telling me to STFU...SAD 
Everyone knows but u.. 
everyone laughs at a demi-vegetarian...  but like no haribo, that would kill me
Everyone loves coffee apart from me 
Everyone makes mistakes but not everyone should have to know that you did 
everyone misses diana 
everyone on twitter seems to hate me, even the ones I dont talk to. 
everyone PLEASE call me or text or twitter me whatev at 10:00 AM TOMORROW to wake me up for work!! i think i'm gonna oversleep 
everyone please vote for @selenagomez for teen choice awards red carpet fashion icon! she deserved best actress too 
everyone pray for my mom to be alright. 
Everyone pray for the people on flight 447 and their families.... (Nonni, we always fly that airline) So scary 
Everyone reply to this tweet if u hate ur job! Dont wanna work! On my way to hell! Funn!  xox
Everyone said when you have a baby you'll never go on holiday again. Now I see why - no-one wants us to stay with a baby 
Everyone seems be having a bbq apart from me 
everyone seems to have slept well.. except me 
Everyone send positive vibes to @JAMESONWELLS , he must be having a bad day 
Everyone send up good vibes/prayers/goat sacrifices for my laptop, which appears to be chock full o' virus. 
Everyone should work over night so that i can have people to tweet with 
everyone tell @rob2rab to GET WELL SOON  he is out sick today
Everyone text me your name! I drown my other phone 
everyone that has called myy phone today, has laughed at me 
everyone thinks my lips are sexy.because its swollen. sigh 
Everyone tweeting about their iPhone 3.0 upgrade is just rubbing it in optus r crap &amp; I have no Internet til end of month = no 3.0 for me 
everyone vote for @mileycyrus for the mtv movie awards coz my comp is mashed up and wont let me vote!  i will somehow!!!!!!
Everyone voted that this nail polish was barfy.  I liked it.  http://twitpic.com/7ohbq
everyone wants pizza for lunch jack doesnt... We arent getting pizza  lame ~HU?H~
Everyone wants to leave Scottsdale, but not me...  Nooooo!
everyone wish me luck on my 15 hour work day today  ah well, it will be worth it!
Everyone! Check out the new Lady Gaga and MARILYN MANSON song! Its so funny! ANd sad. Manson just died  http://bit.ly/eYdZS
Everyone's annoying me 
Everyone's aruguing! I hear everyone downstairs shouting at each other, then the bloody cats start outside. 
Everyones asleep 
everyone's asleep. it's my last night at number 50 and i'm sad 
everyones at disneyland today! i should have gone 
everyones at the elton john concert but me 
Everyones busy today  !!
Everyone's either home already or on the way home.  this weekend went by too fast, boooo!
Everyone's entitled to a break to eat their lunch, right? I have to serve customers while trying to eat my lunch. Flippin shit, mate 
everyones flaking  maybe i should be less of a dork and talk to my friends more often instead of using the computer all the time, lol.
Everyone's gettin all sentimental... I'm not ready to go yet. 
Everyone's getting to see The Hangover besides me. 
everyone's going to the beach but me.. 
everyone's gone home except for me  won't Carsten @318i feel lonely in that carpark all by himself. at least he's got my Twix safe&amp;secure
everyones gone to france... 
Everyone's graduating. I have 11 days left 
Everyone's ignoring me today 
everyone's in SF? I don't understand! SLCC isn't until August!  bahhh *coughs* I wish I was going to SLCC.
Everyones leaving 
everyone's leaving me, lol 
everyone's leaving today. ugh. 
Everyones makkinnn funn of meee that I got fat n I have chubbby cheeeks! Wtf ! 
everyones out front listening to kenny rodgers and sipping vodka cocktails while i sleep  darn i hate tiredness !!
everyones seen it apart from me  my cinemas is too far away
everyones so complicated 
Everyone's statuses are about Kim &amp; Jacob. Sometimes being from a small town can be so tragic. Praying hard!!!!! 
Everyone's talking about the goodies at #BEA09.  I wanna be there.  
everyone's talking about the videos and photos starbright31 took last night but I can't see them cuz I'm at school. 
everyone's taller than me now  even MJ and aiky! :| )
everyones together....... except me 
Everyone's too busy.  Awesome...
everyone's using child-photos of themselves on Twitter, thought I'd join in. I miss my old dog Pippy  Love you boy!
Everyone's watched up  even my own brother watched it already!!
everything about you ... is not easy to forget 
everything about you,seems to be a lie..  guess were better off this way. all i have to say is goodbye &lt;/3  --    going to such a bad day 
Everything ended last night: Caps, Zimmerman's hit streak, and LOST. 
Everything happens for a reason ... Right ? 
everything hurts 
Everything hurts. Meds are helping.  refuse to take the hydrocodone. Need to be alert for baby.
everything hurts. not even george harrison can help. arrivederci 
everything hurts.. swine flu sucks 
Everything hurts...uh! 
Everything I do, I do for kinda shitty reasons. Sadface, tweeps! 
Everything I eat makes me wanna vomit, so I need to make sure that wut I DO eat, is delicious, otherwise I'll get sick on shitty food. 
everything I look forward to in the summer is crashing &amp; burning  at least Cedar Point will help fill the void...
Everything I usually watch is pending!  http://eztv.it/index.php?main=showlist
everything i wanna change my name to has been taken  not happy
everything i want to order on anthro is not available until July  summer will be over almost
Everything I was excited about in the next few weeks possibly just came crashing down around me 
everything in my wardrobe has gone moudly... shoes, clothes, bags, everything! i hate winter 
Everything is about to change, my life will never be the same. 
Everything is breaking 
Everything is cool now. I wish the boy was able to talk. 
Everything is getting on my nerves today....not in a great mood 
everything is going to fucking shit, yet again 
Everything is half unpacked all across the house. I really hate mess but i just dont have the strength to tidy it  gah
Everything is moved out of my old house! Now all I got left is my Garage! I'm sweating like the Devil it's at least 100 degrees outside 
Everything is not a prime number  I'm a great coder
everything is on my mind.. idk what to do anymore  text me
everything is scary 
everything is so quiet and...lonely...on twitter today 
everything is spinning 
Everything is wrong 
Everything isn't really in your hands. My pal is really going through his hard times I can't even accompany him 
Everything Next door to me at Bixler's is being auctioned off right now. Damn, another empty store front in easton. 
everything reminds me of hilton head  from killer sunscreen/bugspray to humid weather the list goes on...
Everything seems to be falling apart right in front of her eyes 
Everything seems to be fine for my summerjob. If only I could say the same about school..  I don't think I'm gonna pass..
everything seems to close and go quiet at night  how depressing
Everything seems totally off today...I need a hug and somebody to talk to  &lt;3Team Edward&lt;3
Everything that could have gone wrong tonight has so far.  So many things have disrupted any ounce of concentration I could have. 
everything went well.. just got back home..  had to climb three floors to get to my class though.. sigh.. why is June so hot? why?! 
everything went wrong today  except for chocolate-mint and vanilla ice-cream with hazelnut, almond and chocolate chips :p
Everythings in slow motion  I hate you alcohol
Everythings merging together! I feel dizzy 
Everythings Sooo Messed Up!!!!!!! Life Sucks!!!!!!!!!! 
Everything's strange... noone to drive and nothing for gift 
Everytime I breath I pop my waste belt 
everytime i check the weather the temp has gone down.  seriously, NOT OKAY.  its supposed to be summmerrrrrrrr 
Everytime I come to this theater it reminds me of all my exs or the dates I had here  it reminds me of all my time wasted on these losers
Everytime i fall asleep with wet hair, its like mufasa was resurrected when i wake up 
Everytime I go in the sun the freckles on my face look like they exploded!  I need SPF 1,000,000. 
everytime i go on threadless, it makes me sad because i probably wont buy any awesome shirts i see.  
Everytime I have to study, I wish I wouldn't have to go to work. It's such a hassle 
Everytime I hear &quot;Short Skirt, Long Jacket&quot; by Cake, I miss my LeBaron a lot 
Everytime i hear chocolate legs by eric benet i think bout this one dude and i'm pissed. I really liked him too 
everytime i hear its alright its ok and delete you, it reminds me of my life 
Everytime I hear Lean Like a Cholo I think of Jillian... Or how she used to be. 
everytime i look at them they look worse. 
Everytime I see your photos I feel so...... so.................. 
everytime i spend the day in front of the computer, my back hurts 
Everytime I start digging the iTouch Tweetdeck app it crashes on me. 
Everytime I thing after that it's gonna be amazing .. But when it's time everything that Iwanted to do .. is cancelled, ...  Pff  Hate it!
Everytime I try to find myself, I can't.. I guess I'm just on my own. 
everytime i watch Jimmy get shot on Degrassi, i wish it turns out differently, like Jimmy ran quicker or something!!! 
everytime my kids go out of town my mother &quot;employs&quot; me to do chores around her house. im 29 yrs old and i don't wanna. waaaah 
Everytime someone pops the ball up i think of parabolas.... 
Everywhere I work keeps getting downsized. 
Eveything I eat is giving me heart burn ... Why??? 
evidently food is still a terrible idea, i feel really sick again now 
evidently the dry spell from Monday to Tuesday has resulted in a serious drought which the fricking rain today outta sort out 
Evidently today is National Doughnut Day and I have no doughnuts.  But I'm a Dunkin' Donuts girl anyway, so there's not that much point.
Evie is poorly  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/620328
evry1 at wrk has been banned from twitter, facebook,myspc &amp; msn  so now we really hav  2wrk
EVRYONE, @_nicmac has reached her twitter limit  she is not allowed to tweet anymore, BOOHOO, there is a 100 per hour limit
Evvie. just got home from Gatchalian. Tummy aches! 
ew  i hope you find an eyeball in your pie.
ew . don't feel like going out 
ew 17 min. video  im not cutting it tho.. cuz i dont care... yayy  better video later..
Ew 4/20 
ew ew ew ew ew ew sick 
Ew ew ew wet seat belt... 
Ew Ew he's picking his scabs 
Ew gross there's a naked old lady next to my locker at the gym! Can't get my stuff 
Ew i hate jack black so bad. 
ew i hate math so bad!  need to go soon 
ew i hate when i put lotion on before i sleep and then my roommates turn up the heater! i slept 30 min and now i have a full day ahead! 
ew i have a headache 
ew i just ate a piece of liver which i thought was normal meat 
Ew i just saw a racoon  grossssss
Ew I keep coughing I think I'm sick  AestheticValentine
ew i totally did not follow my diet 
ew i'm tweeting about buying a train ticket and there was a crash in the US. Sounds pretty horrible 
Ew Manny is starting rehab starting Tuesday  Can we extend the 50 game suspension to like, forever?
Ew my sis keeps saying the kid in the movie (he's only 16  ) looks like our cousin Ross. Ew she killed it!
EW SCANNER stop being so damn annoying 
Ew that bruno guy was gross... Poor eminem ! 
Ew the snow is still here! i have school today! 
Ew ugh I ate too much sweet stuff. Now I have a headache and a tummy ache.  laying down.
Ew! There are ants crawling around on my keyboard! 
Ew, fuck work. 
ew, i have sticky fingers now.. 
Ew, I have the worst headache an am feeling nauseous as hell. 
Ew, I have to start taking prednisone today. 
ew, my friend just called me and asked me to check my car for his wallet. I went out in my boxers and checked ... cold  ... k backtosleep
Ew, one more day till school. 
Ew, this cider tastes funny... 
Ew, traffic. I bet the lower half of my face will be sunburned. 
ew,insomnia?! I slept 10hours since Thursday ..and now it's Sunday! (fuck,20hours per week&gt;&lt;) god,I dunno what to do cuz I can't sleep!!! 
Ew. Dexter is all blurry on my computer screen and Xbox Live isn't working for me right now. I guess I have to watch it tomorrow. 
ew. getting ready for work 
EW. i had 2 britany fuck videos following me  THERE PISSING ME OFF. arghhh!  &gt;
Ew. I have a spider bite on my arm.  it itches. Going into work. Text me and make me happy when I get back. 1 to 6.
ew. ive gotta go in to work for a little 
Ew. I've still got an hour left. Blegh. 
Ew. Just had to make myself throw up four times.... This is why I hate drinking!  I'm so tired but too nauseous to go back to sleep!
ew. Mornings..... wanna go back to sleep 
ew. over this. wanna be home. why didnt i bring my own car? 
Ew. Work is gonna be hell today. No sleep, and It's father's day. It's gonna be busy. 
ewh it's storming bad :/ I can't sleep now  UGH I'm suck a pussy &gt;.&lt;
Ewh no appetite why  I lost it....
EWI picked up, and upgraded to 2.4 firmware... Software for patch editing seems quirky on my mac. 
eww am getting r rated spam, they should know I am just a kid. they should send PG13 spam towards me 
eww dentist  I WANT MY BRACES OFF!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOW!!!!!!
eww have to memorize five paragraphs for an audition today. 
Eww i feel really sick. 
Eww im awake before the sun. Screw 7am finals  when
eww im so tired i hate work  and reality... why can't we be on vacation 24/7/365?
EWW I'm writing a poem for english. I thought this was the last week of school. BUT it's not next week is. 
eww I've got trash juice on me! 
eww just worked a 9 hour shift 3am to 1pm and all set to do it all over again tomoz 
Eww mud all over my legs 
eww now i gotta do history 
eww was just sick... will spare the details but it involved diet coke and my nose 
Eww! Old guy shorts foul at the gym  I will spare u the twit pic as it is WAY too much information! Blech!
eww, math project &gt;.&lt; argh i will go bakk on twitter later, once i finsh, so i will see you guys around 12am 
Eww, my new neighbor reeks of Asian fetish and diesel from his weedwhacker   His wife seems nice, though.
Eww, re-filling my phone took hours. Well, copying 5 gigs of songs ain't easy. Had to do it tomorrow. 
Eww. Just came over all lightheaded and sicky. Blurgh 
Eww... Its early. Gotta report to the courts this morning. Blah 
Eww.... never reading outside again... Just found a yellow spider on me  so gross
eww......theres a huge hairy brown spider on the floor of my moms room...i dnt wanna kill it but i dnt wanna leave it there..... 
Eww...my hands smell like Glass Windex from cleaning the mirrors at work 
Ewww Britt has a cup on his head. And no not a drinking cup 
ewww exams 
ewww i ditn cook my macaroni proprely 
ewww i think i ate the sticker 
Ewww it is FAR TOO early 
ewww its raining outside, tbh town doesnt seem like such a good idea 
Ewww james just flopped out his balls 
Ewww moldy muffins are no good for breakfast. 
Ewww my school feels icky today. Too hott! 
Ewww the cat puked near my chair in the dining room near my room  yuck :S doctors this morning then school  maybe i'll get it off =D
Ewww time 4 work 
Ewww tis raining BAD. And i didnt finish 
ewww toni had boobies in her face 
Ewww travis is ignoring me.  he's mad since yaffa nite I think. I'm sad.  I feel like eeyore from winne the pooh. 
Ewww, I hate this API garbage! Twitter needs a bigger server 
ewww. delaware weather = bipolar. 
ewww... i feel sick... too much junk food 
Ewww...eaten blue candyfloss and now have blue teeth, not a good look 
ewwws... shouldn'tve had chef boyardee for breakfast. now i feel pukey. that's what i get for being too lazy to make a real bfast 
Ewwww gross. Supposed to be 90 today  epic fail, colorado.
ewwww I'm up and ready for work, I hate my life 
EWWWW its roachh  =|
EWWWW two garbage men just beeped at me then smiled and waved...creeps follow me everywhere i can never get away 
EWWWW went to make coffee and found ants have moved into the machine   
Ewwww, I just realized that I have to finish my math hw  I didn't even get it.
ewwww. so much work to do   CANNOT concentrate!
Ewwwww - @adamgehrke just mentioned an unintentional workout....I should go 2 the gym 2day since I skipped it yesterday 
ewwwww quarintine sux bad  bored as
ewwwww, I've got a headache. 
ewwwww, work from 9-3 then cape  , but @ddlovato in 6 days!!!!
EWWWWWWW!!!!! i was just tricked into watching MR HANDS! *throws up a little*  they said it was about a horse...and it 'was'
EWwWWwWWwWw my co-worker is goin home to toss his cookies! (he didnt say it exactly like that) poor guy. But im all alone now. 
Ewwwwwwwwww.....    my cousin's bein mean to me....          imma cry....     she's throwin ice cream?at me...
Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww I just stepped on a snail..... 
Ewwwwy I woke up to late  now I have no time to do anything before work
ewwy toby farted 
Ex lap with coppe...possible section....then Das day....never ending 
exaaaams and exaaaaaams and exaaaaaaaams and 4 exams today and tomorrow i have 2 exam T.T Ms. Kelly Rowland please adoptadme 
exaaams man 
exaaams... 
Exactly 10 more days including today before school starts 
Exactly 15 days ago, life was bliss. nothing good lasts forever.  I miss feeling safe.
exactly 2 months ago all the retailers near me stopped selling Apple Fanta  even though they had no prob getting it off their shelves.WHY?
Exactly 20minutes. They're singing Like You Like It in the theater.  I really feel sad. I want to write a musical now. Lord help me.
exactly what we needed more rain and another storm  obscene bed time now
exactly. see, i've turned for the worse since i dont have u in my life 24/7 now 
Exactly... They are leaving me. 
Exam 2morow   Cant wait to get it over and done with x
Exam at 1.30 wish me luck 
Exam Biology tomorrow     Learn Learn Learn...
Exam day 
Exam Day minus 21 : can't concentrate enough to really study. 
exam in two hours 
Exam is in an hour: I'll have hours to complete it!  I'm scared
Exam is just ours away.    xox
exam Monday 
exam not too bad today just have to revise the hell out of physics for friday aka: my birthday 
Exam now 
exam number one. 
exam on active directory tomorrow. 
exam on wednesday morning which i really dont want to do 
Exam over. Don't even ask  Sunny times now and I'm ready to practice oral ;-)
exam panic begins now? plz just let everything fall into place 
exam sometime today 
exam soon  but the rest of today and tonight should be fun 
Exam sucked... 2morrow back 2 the office... Have 2 get up at 6am 
Exam this afternoon, not even slightly confident  But i will try my best 
Exam this afternoon. Didn't really study much due lack of motivation 
exam time 
exam time again 
exam time, woooo 
Exam time. Going offline for 20 Days!  Wish me luck!
exam today  *sniffles* FAIL again probsss but never know lol.
exam today  noooooooooooooooooooooo
EXAM TODAY HELP!  i know nothing  http://tinyurl.com/l698ff
exam today,  sleepy, hungry, 
exam today, end of second year! this is pretty much gonna be my last &quot;summer holidays&quot; before stepping into the real world 
exam tomorrow  ENGLISHH and exam friday   scienceeeeeee.... booooo
Exam tomorrow, SO excited ughhh  i hope you caught on to my sarcasm haha. Night guys xo
exam tomorrow..  dammit, i just want a vacation :/
exam tomrrow 
exam was hard  pasta time
Exam was ok. Suffering from very bad stomache ache. Maybe its my apendix. Oh dear     :S
Exam Weeeeek! 
exam week coming so much to study 
exam week next week  serious revising to do this weekend :'(
exam went really well today, only thing is i went home sick from work 
exam went well... sigh of relief + sad that Japanese classes are over now 
EXAM, EXAM and more EXAM 
exam+math test 
examens ptc+ horst 
Exams  I'm extremely nervous right now 
Exams are coming up!  At least it's sunny!! 
Exams are finally over but back to school for 6th year on Monday... Damn. 
exams are gonna suck tomorrow.  i thought school was over 
Exams are kinda near. Just a week more. 2 Projects yet to be submitted  and almost failing in one of the subjects. May ALLAH save me
exams are over.... and i could do with a hug 
exams are the worst mahn!! 2 to go 
exams coming up in a few days... really not looking forward to it 
Exams done!!!!!!!!!!! Then news breaks that a pupil in my year (who left my school a while back) comitted suicide :| 
Exams in the morning and I haven't studied 
Exams just become more crap when you realise that everyone except you has them. Sooooo bored 
exams never seem to leave me 
exams next week! run and hide!!  x
exams now [what smiley is between  and :l ? ]
Exams on Monday...  
Exams r so close  starting to feel pressure
Exams soon ! 
Exams start on wednesday..wish I'd done more study 6 months ago instead of dossing!  x
Exams start Tuesday 
exams starting tomorrow...not looking forward to them 
exams this week  ahhhh!
Exams this week, tomorrow and wednesday  Looking forward to my weekend break in Newcastle 
EXAMS TMORROW  STUDY,STUDY,STUDY!!!
exams tmw  science and religion so worried
Exams today  scaredddd!!
Exams today! 
exams today. 
exams tomorrow  studyyinggg!!!! lame math and spanish
Exams tomorrow and Tuesday  So I'm revising ratio and watching Kate's box set of friends and drinking vimto 
Exams tomorrow so lots of studying as per usual 
Exams tomorrow, not looking forward to them 
Exams Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Gotta study...so hard  byeee .
Exams will be the death of me 
exams.... WHYYYY!?!?? 
Exams..exams...exams...I am looking ugly day by day ! Dark wrinkles on my face 
examsexamsexams 
examsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
exausto!   
Exceitement on New Oxford St - Hawk being harnagued by crows. No camera alas 
Excel sheet meltdown leading to having to triple check lots of numbers and getting to know the IT guys. 
Excellent news ! A new  release of #MonkeyIsland is coming out ! Too bad it seems not to be available on ps3 
Excellent start to the day! Looks like my mac died... 
Excellent the Suzaku 7 are back together  woop last episode  hope its a happy one i'm a sucker for these really lol shh
excel-ling today .. 
Except For My Mom iWill c Her Soon 
except i forgot to give him something  it was in my pocket too! FML
Except not, since it come out NEXT month, apparently 
Except there's no sound. 
Except.... TweetDeck keeps quitting on meeeeee 
excited 4 2day!! No body cares though!! 
Excited about #ATB tomorrow at Pasha!!!!!!!  Wooo! Will be rollin with cane though.  #nyc hahaha
excited about big bang theory tonight, but saaad cause it's the last one 
excited about glastonbury x) but still feeling really quite crappy RIP Nana 
excited about going to monterey, not so excited that most people are too busy to go with me 
excited about homeschooling my son in the fall... really tired from a long weekend... back to work tomorrow after a week off sick... 
Excited about Iron Maiden RB DLC like everyone else. GH:SH demo unimpressive but poor showcase songs. Need bigger HD! 20 GB down to 62 MB 
Excited about my first letter from babe &lt;3 Stressin over these summer classes!  uuuggghhh....Ready for August...
Excited about seeing JP today but not the rest of &quot;them&quot;  U know what I mean Heather?!
Excited about seeing Up in 3D tonight!!!  But I have to work at SnS first 
excited about Sims 3!! Now if only I had time to play it 
Excited about the future! Not so excited about the state of the economy  how to resolve the conflict? Is there opportunity knocking?
Excited about the Kojima Productions announcement today....oh wait it's just a countdown clock 
Excited about tomorrow!!    woohoo!  I'm a huge dork but whatever.. Will be missing my Shanen   Next year baby!  Hell yeah!! ILY
Excited about tonights fun, but not about dressing up. 
Excited about working on the new website, new music, and going on blogtv again!...after final exams this week 
Excited bc there are 2 new episodes of pushing daisies on the DVR and another one yet to air...sad cause it's the final three shows! 
Excited bout going out 2nite but bummed cuz im da designated driver. So no drinking for Angie! 
Excited for Humanities department dinner tomorrow! But Sol and Chua won't be there. 
Excited for my @410bc shirt to come. And excited for this damn shoot to b over with so I can eat  heat plus empty tummy=no bueno
Excited for new moon - the trailer rocked! Cant wait for november  at least there's harry potter soon!
excited for SLAM picnic tomorrow!   wohooo! last slam picnic EVER!!! 
excited for southside tomorrow! thank goodness it isnt the 24th anymore, I miss certain things 
Excited for today ! Sister's coming over w/my nephews from LA . I need coffee &amp; b-fast . I felt sorry for the little birdies last night . 
Excited for today! But still so much to do 
Excited for tuesday! Graduation ceremony at jubilee school sport hall. That the last day i'll be at jubilee 
Excited for warped tour but sad I only have 3 weeks left of normalcy with friends and my lover 
Excited senior Tweets make me jealous. I have to come back 
excited that i got my dorm stuff early before the prices jacked up..wish i could have a microwave but they said no 
excited that Josh will be back in Erie in an hour or so!! but i have to wait till Sunday afternoon to see him  
Excited to complete Brigstock Novice with just a show jump down. Hard ground got the better of Bob, though 
Excited to get my new sparkle!!! I have to wait 'til Saturday 
excited to see &quot;UP&quot; for Logan's Birthday in 2 weeks. Sad he wont have a party bc he doesn't know any kids, tho. 
Excited to see the airborne toxic event tonight but not excited about the pile of unfinished bids and paperwork I left at home  
Excited to start my new job tomorrow. Sad I have to leave Gillie 
Excited to watch the first of final three episodes of Pushing Daisies! Still sad, though 
Excited trueblood, entourage, and weeds is coming back in June. sad life and times of tim isn't 
Excitement over tasks in gcal turns to dissapointment as it appears as though lists cannot be shared with other people 
Exciting day. Intern starts today, and I'm NOT the mentor this year! Woo!! I have a feeling I'm gonna be dragged in anyway.   
Excuse me @btubquiz - can has interesting question please? Afternoon = bleh  [*nudge nudge* @lexiphanic]
excuse me.. but  the game called zenonia is a bit expensive..  pls reduce the price a bit... 
Execuse me.. Family dinner time with out @eldredgenelson 
Exercise was a partial success; my body definitely takes more than 48 hours to recover.   Might make it hard to do it every other day.
Exfoliating face scrub + sunburn = frownie face 
Exhale! Take another deep breathe now! I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow.    
exhasuted 
exhausted -- I know this because I'm too flat out to read my book 
Exhausted + test 2mrw 
exhausted after 6 hours of lectures  it's time to relax now ;p
Exhausted after a 58 hour work week   
exhausted after a long day of babysitting 
Exhausted after a weekend of drinking and moving house. Hardly saw any Sun 
Exhausted after long trip 
Exhausted after surgery &amp; then a trip to Belhaven with the kids for recovering.  Now I need to recover from the trip.  AC still broken. 
exhausted and sick... my face is greenish  
exhausted and starting to peel 
exhausted for no reason...once again 
Exhausted from eating! I'm really going to miss my mom's food 
Exhausted from school and &quot;marathon&quot;. Sleepy time. Then all over again tomorrow. Ugh 
Exhausted from the trip to Houston this weekend, but no time for rest.  Time to buckle down for work.
Exhausted from work today... And I work 10 to 7 tomorrow... 
exhausted from working a double...now time to study for a midterm 
exhausted is beating fabulous right now.....  
exhausted more than usual this morning. 
exhausted tired 
Exhausted! Still gotta do assignments 
Exhausted, annoyed that the motel has not provided any cookies, or a spa. Just about to find food then teach. Not back till after 10. 
exhausted, can't sleep, listening to radio, waiting for advil to kick in. what a depressing friday night 
Exhausted, having to write &amp; stick labels on 30 framed prints for my stall tomorrow morning (In 7 hours time). Wish I could go2 sleep now 
exhausted, tired, and restless.. i need a break and i mean it.. 
Exhausted.  Didnt get out of Comcast parking lot until 12:30am, got home at 1:45.  First time I ever got stuck in 1am traffic.   Coffee???
exhausted.  Trying to write reviews.  Not happy about it 
Exhausted. Had the best Midsummer with my parents and sister yesterday. Too bad I had to work 11 hours today 
exhausted. just had some intense training 
Exhausted. Terrible feeding day  Still lots of poop tho...where is it coming from???
Exhausted. Today summer party from the dancing lessons. No idea,what I will wear tonight 
Exhausted...terrible week 
Exhausting day at work. Jus got off. Now have to be there at 8 in the morning.  wanna trade ?
Exhausting first day of bball camp  now off to weight room.....ugh. Ima like fall asleep hopefully i have good spotters and the bar do ...
Exhaustive day, yet nothing achieved 
expectations.......this is the reason why a lot of people are hurt........ 
Expecting another conference call after an hour. 
EXPECTO PATRONUM!!! ----- nothing happens.. 
expects a boring day 
Experienced our first Irish rainstorm while carrying a large cheese pizza! I'm sick  About to drive around the Dingle peninsula!
Experienced wat it feels lik 2 b a newcomer 2 a field.Was d underdog in d badminton doubles  It was lik life sayin WELCOME TO D REAL WORLD
Experiencing more cold symptoms (away darn headache!)  Tried sleeping it off unsuccessfully
Experiencing the painfully SLOW Indian bureaucratic system... 
Experiment failure: no breast enlargement specialists are following me 
Experimenting.  With puppet again. I think I just wiped my drive on my workstation 
Explaining twitter to my parents 
Explaining twitter to people is so annoying because they never learn. 
explanation exceeds 140 chars.... 
exploring the world of twitter... going to town in a bit. don't want to. 
Exploring twibble as a multi-account Twitter Manager, after Seesmic suddenly gave up on me...  
expoing= shit. i work minimal hrs, therefore make poquito dinero. NEED 2ND JOB NOW!!! 
Exporting .mov files from Final Cut takes soooooo long 
exposed on mtv is a stupid show 
express editing... no fun!! 
extended....Done, Portfolio also Done, College almost Done  gonna miss it big time. its been awesome
Extra bored! New to this. Have no idea what I'm doing. It already looks boring as I don't know what. 
Extra day in Paris.  Not so bad, right? Monday's gunna be rough and I'm a bit homesick. I miss meh kittehs 
Extrañandoteeeee 
extraño twittear 
Extra-long walk today to try to clear my mind... it didn't work...  
Extreme mountain biking is cancelled due to bad weather  back to sleep I go!
Extremely bad tummy ache. I hope it's not my stomach ulcer kicking back. Gonna try to sleep 
EXTREMELY BORED...  Sad, that I'm home on Friday night, and no one to hang w/.  Not even the parents.  
Extremely bothered. I really do care about her. 
EXTREMELY confused and doesnt know what to do 
Extremely confused..Bored this beautiful night 
extremely depressed after sad movie. 
extremely excited and now the mood will drop biology revision ugh 
Extremely fitful sleep 
Extremely jealous... 
extremely organised airport though, everything is easy to find, everyone is calm, its very nice... couldn't find any special cakes though 
extremely sad that my neighbors are partying in their room. it's so loud... and i can feel the vibrations... and i'm sick and need sleep 
extremely sad. 
extremely tired after rubbish night's sleep, lots of physical labour yesterday, have to stay upright for 3 hrs of @sheensharing webinar 
Extremely tired and bored but don't feel like sleeping! 
EXTREMELY TIRED Havin trouble keepin my eyes open 
extremely tired...sad that I cannot go see Jamie Foxx this morning 
Extremely unwell and bed-ridden with my god-forsaken chest condition again 
EY is very concerned for the health of Dave Gahan  More dates cancelled.
eye hurts 
Eye infections R us 
eye is hella sore.  chillin with the famlayy though!
eye still hurts  I Think I'll go sleep now...
Eye strain! Wanna take a fresh air break... but where's the sun?? 
eye twitchin  think I'm gonna sleep so I feel awwfull woe is me !
Eyebrow crabs. They're the worst 
Eyebrow threading gone wrong   Luckily I do makeup so I can fix it!  ~Miss 27~
eyeglasses broke...fone goin' in and out 10 days till i get a new one.  what a wonderful day 
eyelids, can't stay open 
eyes are drooping and have to start exam revision 
Eyes are dry as hell from fan 
EYES ARE HEAVY  need to take rest the doll is breaking down 
eyes are hot, head feels so heavy, throat hurts, body aches. sooooo sick. oww 
eyes are puffy  its not even sunny!!!!
eyes are red and puffed up.   will probably be in to work tommorrow.really good then lol
Eyes are so droopy but alarm clock has completely woken me up. 
Eyes are sore and paining today. Maybe cuz I spend atleast 8hrs/day infront of the box nowadays... so bored... 
Eyes are stingay 
Eyes feel like sandpaper. My have had most traumatizing dream ever. 
eyes just wont shut. tiba-tiba rasa macam nak pergi Langkawi 
eyes red and watering and nose running, great my hayfever's here!  x
Eyes redder than ever! F*@k pollen! 
eyes still red from Marley &amp; Me last night.  farmers market opens 2day.  cookout w/ ILs this evening 
Eyes super itchy and sore  think I've got fibers in them from cutting out fabric.
Eyes wide shzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz... i think 3 hours sleep a night is finally catching up with me 
EYES. SO. ITCHY. 
Eyyy.. i'm working... so early.... 
F on the final :/ F for the year. Helllllo summer schoool 
F word!  Lost my favorite eye-glasses of 11+ years =(
F! i hit my elbow on the frig handle now my whole arm aches so bad 
F%#^kin' budget cuts! I was able to find another calculus class, but it's during rugby  gonna kick ass @ tomorrow's practice!!
F*$K! NO ELECTRONIC TIMERS ALLOWED 
F*** it's freezing...i can barely move my fingers...just want to curl up in fron tof heater with my book 
f**k health online...no one ever gets back to me 
F**K! drop by 1  47. topofblogs.com
F**K! drop by 1  66. marketingwithrenee.com
F**K! drop by 1  75. blogtopsites.com
F**K! drop by 17  52. articlesbase.com
F**K! drop by 3  92. sulumits-retsambew.biz
F**K! drop by 3  99. zimbio.com
F**K! drop by 43  59. sulumitsretsambewno.com
F**K! drop by 5  95. ezinearticles.com
F**k. Why didn't they show us Fernando taking Nelson? *pouts* Stupid heavy car 
f**kkkkkkkkkkkkkk you http://bit.ly/16H7UN  and israel 
F*ck traffic! 
F*CK! iThought iHad a whole row 2 myself till these late mofo's just came onboard  lol iWas finna stretch out &amp; SLEEP
F*ck! My Internet is down.  withdrawals......shaking hands.....disoriented.....
F*CK, I made a mistake in the last release, I forgot to send a file  /F*CK, la regué en el úlitmo release, se me olvidó mandar un archivo
f*ing insomnia.  I have a doctor's appointment in 4 hours! 
F@CK !!! we Had a F@cking director which didn't know how to direct ... now we will not b able to show a movie 
F1 chinese Grand Prix a WET race ..... 
F1 race this afternoon! Frankie leaves to NJ tomorrow.  
F1 teams announce breakaway championship in 2010   http://bit.ly/oZC43
F1!!! &lt;3 raikkonen  lets go massa!! now eating with the fam!
F1,Derby day(Epspm),Blake on tv(polo-not sure time,Beethoven...will try get on for an hour at 6pm(Weather depending).the sky looks angry 
FA Cup was dull 
Fab day! @rose__mcgowan responded to my tweet! She does a great thing for Bostons in need. Wish I went to the Peaches concert last night 
Fab two nights in athens - sad I'm missing bill day, though 
Faber's hand is broken ... not good  #wec
Fabilous i miss u more than anybody else 
Fable 2 game save is corrupted. Pretty pissed off now 
Faboosh is one of my new favorite words, but someone should let Perez know that amazeballs will never catch on... Sorry 
Fabric is expensive 
fabulous weekend, beautiful weather, hopefully I am going to get a little more tan today. Back to work tomorrow. 
FABULOUSME44 Thanx 4 the invite 
Face is puffing up due to late nights .. 
Face is sunburnt  gonna get extra sleep for boomerzz tomorroww x] night
Facebook 1.6 for bb is so great, but the edge of viettel is shitlike 
Facebook ads suck  The ROI is about 1/20th of Google. Mostly accidental clicks. Spent hundreds of dollars with very low conversion.
facebook and @twitter are sucking today.  
facebook application search doesn't work correctly. runs since 30 minutes 
Facebook Bejeweled is *still* down   what am i suppose to do while i download IPhone 3.0 software???
facebook chat doesn't like me 
Facebook Connect logs me into blogs under the name &quot;Facebook User&quot; even though my FB profiles shows my name correctly 
facebook doesnt like ie6 at work anymore 
facebook doesn't work, ga bisa main  ahahahaha
Facebook Farm town become slower and slower 
Facebook for the Pope 
facebook is being a douche right now. 
Facebook Is Being A Fuckpig  Bad Tiimeessss (N)
facebook is being really slow for me today 
Facebook is feeling like old dial-up internet...going to bed now to get rested for Monday  ugh!
Facebook is freaking out.  Apparently I have no friends. Yesterday I had 642. 
facebook is much  than twitter!!  
facebook is not working right now for me 
facebook is really getting on my nerves. wont load my pages 
Facebook is so laggy 
facebook is stuck on stupid 
facebook isnt working on my phone 
Facebook just froze Firefox. 
facebook keeps saying i don't have any friends... and then it tells me to find friends 
facebook not allowed by squid in the hotel  http://tinyurl.com/ho3ms
Facebook not working 
facebook poker is down   i wana win fake money dammit!
FaceBook shows all kinds of unknown people as suggestions to be my friends! cancelling them does not help! 
facebook shows me how much i'm missed...oh that's right, i'm not! guess i'm not a good friend.  i'm in a funky mood 
Facebook told me I'm not going to grow any taller than I am now. This is incredibly upsetting. I don't want to be 5 FT. forever 
facebook told me that people wrote on my wall and commented my pictures.... but they really didn't 
Facebook video up-loader = 
FACEBOOK WILL NOT LET ME UPLOAD MY PARADE PICS! 
facebook wont load? 
Facebook won't upload my new photo  Hope it's not too ugly and they're just denying it.
facebook.. you let me down.. 
Facebook... AWWW  Give me twitter!
Facebook...if you're out there...listening...then hear this...you're gay!!! why you gotta be so gay...huh...facebook??? 
faced with the prospect of taking my full bounce back to the shop 
Facial Treatment sucks. my face hurts. 
Facing new design documents. I want to start with the developments instead of writing documents  #SAP
Facing the fact I might not be leaving #asylum in B'ham for over another hour. 2+hours drive in the dark 
Facing the fact I might not me leaving #asylum in B'ham for over another hour. 2+hours drive in the dark 
Facing the facts - 2 days of overcast weather = no hot water = sponge bath in a bucket - darn solar hot water booster not working 
Facing the facts. i wish you were here 
Facing the facts. i wish you were here  today was good untill i got home and my dads old friend alcohol was fucking things up
Fack! 6-5 cubs 
Fack! C+ in spanish. 
fack!!!!!! I missed it. 
fack, had some coffee and now i cant sleep. i have school tomorroow 
fack, more moving... 
fack.  study hard time for chinese.  and it's so hotttt 
Fackkkk one of my pics with Yuri didn't turn out too good  it was blurry
fact i hate bout my hair ; when i try to straighten a part of my bangs it just goes frizzy..and not straight 
fact I miss @ohmisshaleyann but she doesn't miss me back 
fact is i am a bad cook, those ships weren't cooked, and neither is this chicken 
Fact sheet about JPASE (http://bit.ly/OGds1  doesn't have a link *to* JPASE (http://www.cffc.navy.mil/jpase/) on it. 
FACT: An iPhone with a cracked screen is hard to use. 
Fact: i am really upset   Truth: going back to sleep 
fact: i still love him...you learn from mistakes, just hope i don't repeat them again. 9 days 
FACT: I want to be at Wimbledon, drinking Pimms &amp; Lemonade and enjoying the sun 
FACT: I was the fastest runner in my year at primary school (only second fastest at secondary school  )
FACT: on the phone w/ Bank of America's CUSTOMER SERVICE.....this SHIT SUCKS!!! ....wtf? 1 Hr?? ....i sooo HATE this shit!! 
FACT: puzzled....6:36am....sit'n in da truck listening to &quot;Makaveli 7 Day Theory&quot;......Weeeeeeeeee BOMB FIRST!! (damn i miss Tupac) 
fact:One Saturday I called myself skateboarding in the hallway @ school (we had ACT stuff) &amp; I found out looks easy,but it really isn't 
factor 40 on me bonce and on my way, suited and booted. Dear god, it's hot 
Factor 5 shutting down? Does this mean we'll never see another Turrican?  Who holds the rights?
Fading fast after worst night's sleep ever. Must rely on caffeine and loud music to make it until 5:30. 
FAIL Tweets: megavideo fail  i have to wait 54 minutes to watch more video?!: megavideo fail  i .. http://tinyurl.com/ryshmt
fail whale, I want to eat that poptart. but i'm still full from dinner.  barwww. and yes, the poptart was also from @kaliie  &lt;3
FAIL! @Bethhhhhhhhhhhh: maaaaaaaaths test next going to fail AGAIN 
FAIL! @ejeng: Our attempted party failed when the flight attendant tried to get us drunk on jack's  safe at sfo, can't wait to see bobs…
FAIL! @JayPeezie: Tried to get invited to a wedding last night by sweet talking the Hen's sister and mum...I failed my challenge 
FAIL! @jemmajenkins: Oh, crap. Exam on Weds for Chem, gonna sooo fail 
FAIL! @Mrshauser52309: is getting married in five days and woke up sick  darn you airborne!! you failed me!
FAIL! @perplect: @augustl Maaaybe I should've checked that. Fail. 
FAIL! @sirkyle: Crap. Dosent look like the tweetdeck iPhone app is supporting a friend/address book.  fail....
FAIL! @WWE_Maria_FAN: @SabrinaBryan boooooo i failed 
Fail, latin and maths. I'm going to cry, 
Fail. Try again in the morning. 
failed at studying food tech, don't feel good 
Failed Chemistry 
Failed driving permit test 
failed english by 1 point, and failed chemistry with a 66...  and my summer is ruined!
Failed Her Exam Today !! 
FAILED HER GREEN p test!~ 
Failed miserably at science exam 
failed science  aaah well, i'm crap at it. lol .
failed science exam 
Failed Science exam. It was soo hard   Have to studyy have 3 exams tomorroww.
Failed that test 
failed the spanish final but what ever, Gabi's house with eric after school 
Failed the test for my permit.and my glasses came in today.NASTY!!! 
Failed to find some food 
Failed to get internet set up at the place.  Apparently previous tenant never closed his account.  We'll have to show proof of lease.Drag 
Failed, £141 
failed. 
failest day at work ever 
Failing spanish is not fun 
failing to get my shift covered 
failing to integrate this application... 
fails at helping people in relationship advice. 
fails at not doing things she doesn't want to do.  
Failure.Flying.Nothing....Nothing simply bcoz it is the real deal.   I want to go home.  
Fainting is no good  it makes my head hurt!
fair oreyt night tnight.. besides the coldness. :| typical british weather. 
Fair warning #3: due to #followlimits that stubbornly refuse to consider non-profits exemptions, we must unfollow those not following us. 
Fairly important demo in a folder called WindowsFormsApplication2  - opps 
fairly uneventfull weekend  glad to see that @dunkywife has become a twit lol well done to @aplusk for reaching 1 mil 1st
fairrr was epic on thursdayy. rain ruined todayy 
fairytales... I love fairytales, but listening to this is abit slow 
Faithy  I'm just now going to bed  @NinjaFrog5
Fajitas are on special today.... I'm going to stink of fajitas tonight 
Fake Twitter Invites Carry Malicious Worm: This is so freaking me out. I don't know what to do it it catches up my computer. 
fakkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk i gotta wait till thursday for nba game 
Fall out boy and Linkin Park are going to be playing at Macau too 
fall out boy is going to macau but im not going to be in hong kong when theyre there  boooo.
Fallen Angel Doll: It's okay, Fisty. I still love you. 
Fallen Bellow 30  Why?!?!Anyway Our Hits In Club Penguin Today is Going Crazy Yesterday We Reached 1000 Hits per day
Fallen in love with Timo  He is so far away..
fallen out of love 
falling asleep already, think saturday night has caught up with me 
falling asleep at &quot;work&quot; 
Falling asleep at 8, waking up at 1030 and drinking a tipple bagged cup of tea probably not the best idea for getting back to sleep 
falling asleep at my desk...really dont even want to go out later 
Falling asleep at nap time 
Falling asleep doing my homework... Wish i didn't procrastinate so much  fuck!
Falling asleep during a Bones marathon is not a good idea, bad dreams to come for sure 
Falling asleep gotta wake early 2 go 2 school..... I'm takin summer classes &amp; now I regret it 
Falling asleep in class. 8am to 12 who makes up these times?! 
Falling asleep listening to death cab about to get kicked out of the bed i'm laying in 
Falling asleep now...just wish I wasn't stuck at work 
Falling asleep very slowly lol....still aching 
Falling behind in what I want to accomplish. Not good 
Falling behind on my online courses, its not as easy as it sounds 
Falling behind on Twitter  Uh oh. . .
Falling behind on what needs to be done before NY. Kinnda hate the new phone number  . Really, was it that hard to make up a NYC number?
Falling for someone he most likely can have 
FALLING IN LOVE NO LIVE AT WEMBLEY NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAO 
Falling in&amp;out. I dont even know anymore... Feelings rushing back** What do I do?  &lt;/3
falling on flat on your face is NOT fun 
falling to the wrong person 
Fallout 3 is killing my sex life  (via #zenjar )
Fallout 3: &quot;Stealth-Boy has worn off&quot; Daaaaaaang, guess not 
false alarm on the house 
False alarm! The baby is still not here  
false alarm.  tan has plans. was gonna surprise. guess its superheros and order up a pie with the little people!
FALSE ALARM: BABY IS NOT COMIN TODAY 
Fam just left  now back to being bored. Grrrreat....pshhh!!
Family and friend r gonna check out scooters 2day. I don't really wanna go but I kinda do. Hard life. 
family comes. probably won't be on this weekend 
family day today, no time for internet  
Family drama tsunami has me going with the flow 
family gathering equal to have a lot food to my tummy!!  :p
family gone. and my room's horribly empty...  although on the plus side I have badminton racquets. now for a shuttlecock...
Family headed home!  what a great time we had! Now, let the cleaning begin!
Family in texas and missin the kiddies!!  working 7days gonna keep me busy then friday put cowboy hat and shoes (j/k) in san antonio
Family is gone. Now what? 
Family just left...  Back to the basics
family only causes stress. what's the point? to remind you how shitty life really can be? I'm a downer 
family out, home alone. grr, i hate doing h/w with good weather! yesterday it was ok coz the weather was shitty, but now its all sunny!  x
family outing 
Family Outing won't be the same without Chunderella and Yejin!  but I'm anticipating Park Hae Jin - hope he'll bring more fun!
family parties are the business. chilling with @rachelwehrman, leah &amp; michelle. so much food 
Family reunion and I won't be there  xoxo to the fam! http://myloc.me/4H0h
family stuff tonight  wishing i was barhopping with @gbaby24 &amp; cash of course lol
family time! hahaha eating with ate eunice&lt;3 hahaha, amma miss her  its making me sooo sad!
familyyy pictures, good memories! we're growing up faasstttttt 
famous daves= yum!! congratulations graduates!!! my little brother is almost officially a high schooler  and my other lil bro-7th grade!
famous last words 
famous ppl never reply back to u on myspace  not fair   but even though its been weeks im still waiting for the day that u hopefully reply
fancies a bit of 13 hour sleep  !
fancies some food - but there is bugger all in the cuboards 
fancings playing on singstar.. i think its a bit sad playin aloe though.. 
Fandom!brain and RealLife!brain do not mix unless @shaneworshipsu2 is involved, then things get nutty. Sadly he wasn't involved 
fanfamily wont work  What am I going to do?!
Fantabulous flipflop weather! but mine just went SNAP!! and broke grrrrr very annoyed aaarrrrgggghhh! and they were new wah!  #fb
fantasmic canceled! 
Fantasmic got cleaned up so it looks cool and shiny XD but they didn't have a dragon 
Fantastic day on Kauai - rented a standup paddle board (harder than it looks but still not that hard), swam, read, lounged. 1 more day 
fantastic must see episode of south pacific about sustainable fishing - photos wow - http://tinyurl.com/m74hfh - wont be eating tuna now 
Fantastic the hotel wireless blocks Bonjour. It's going to be a long summer 
Fantastic weather outside and I'm feeling ill 
fantastic!  the washing machine is broke 
Fantastic, my train has applied emergency brakes twice, now between stations with the lights off and no idea when we will be moving again 
Fantastic: Health insurance canceled because bill got sent to wrong address while I was in New York. 
FAP Turbo - the autotrading forex robot! go http://bit.ly/6oZXCL --Has a bad feeling about college 
Far So Bord 
Far to nice a day to be inside...unfortunatly it's work, work, work in the Hall-Jeffreys house! Need to start my essay 
Far too early 
Far too tired to function 
Far too warm 
Farah faucet  rest in peace 62509
Farah fawcet has just passed away. 
farewell belinda even though she doesnt really have twitter.. so technically im saying it to no one  how sad..
farewell to JG Ballard, a sore loss to the literary world 
Farewell Tonight Show with Jay 
farewelling an employee tonight... 
Fark! Basically *all* IMAX Transformers tix are sold out next week. A few left for 11pm sessions.  Time for a rethink...
Fark! I can't be sick one week before Fashion Week 
Fark, hope Gamble is ok 
Fark, it's cold 
FARM TIME,   Hate this Sh*t, See Ya Guys.
Farrah faucett has lost her battle with cancer.  I adored her growing up, even had the Farrah haircut. 
Farrah Faucett passed away this morning 
Farrah Fawcet has passed. 
Farrah fawcett died  RIP to the hero who all who aspired to the perfect feather flip!!
Farrah Fawcett died this morning.  
Farrah Fawcett dies of cancer at 62. 
Farrah Fawcett finally lost her battle with cancer...  so sad. 
Farrah Fawcett has died   sending love and condolences to her family and friends http://bit.ly/I65t7
Farrah Fawcett Has Died  I'm going to go Watch Charlie Angels!
Farrah Fawcett has died at age 62 
Farrah Fawcett has passed away  May she Rest In Peace.
Farrah Fawcett has passed away after losing her battle with cancer.  - http://bkite.com/08Tv6
Farrah Fawcett has passed from cancer.. my heart breaks  this has been a long hard battle for her RIP
Farrah Fawcett just died. This is so sad. She was 62. R.I.P. 
Farrah Fawcett losing her battle to cancer.  Hollywood gathers to pray for a miracle. http://tinyurl.com/qaldrf
Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62.  (via @TheresaRockFace)
Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62... so sad 
farrah noooooo  leaving for the beach in 2 hours. Idk if I'll have the internet
Farrah RIP  we will miss u! &quot;Angel of Music
Farrah was one of my favorite actresses..  
FARRAHHHHHHHH!! NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU WERE MY HAIR ROLE MODEL!!!    It's a sad day...
farrk its starting to get cold again!  god dam it
farrrrr . pdhpe assignment due next week and have english homework ! 
Farting on trains 
Fascinating stuff but I am getting on with some work ready for Monday. No replies on how to combat #jetlag. 
Fashion emergency.!! Niece prom dress not up to par.  I'm doing 85 mph rushing over there now. 
Fashion Truth is closing down! Nooooooooooo! 
Fast Food For Lunch! 
Fast&amp;Furious has just randomly started showing on TV. might as well watch that now! Tomorrow is just gonna be for revising 
Faster leh, i want my drinking plans with baby and the boys to happen  - http://tweet.sg
fasting today, totally forgot and ate a cheeto! i feel like a horriible person! 
Fat ass! jive want tacos now but jeff ass wanna bbq when he get off 
Fat Boy Slim 2moro, White Lies Sunday, Friendly Fires Monday.....Exam tuesday  Sack it off i hear you shout?? x
fat cat vom'd..i slipped barefoot in it. sickie cat has stopped eating and spends minutes at a time dry retching. heartbreaking. 
fat guy falling asleep on me on the bus 
FATAL ERROR ON THE BB.  HOPING THAT TMOBILE WILL FIX IT TOMORROW.  WITHOUT A PHONE IF THEY DON'T. DON'T HAVE A HOME PHONE. JUST PEACHY 
Fatal metro crash in DC today. Still rescuing people. http://bit.ly/ZJVV4  
'Fatblokes result: we got three, they got four...teen  According to the opposition it would have been 30 if not for me so that's a bonus!
Fatboy slim on the radio......  screw him seriously.
Fatema has just witnessed my wrist slitting performance via webcam, but no artery exploded. That was a little unlucky 
Father issues FTL 
Father shouted @ baby brother, baby brother started crying 
Father, you take long Strawberries, I bet you won't reply. 
Fathers Day and I have to go to work 
Fathers' Day FAIL! 
Father's day is on Sunday. Great. Now, I have to figure out what to buy for hubby... I completely forgot about it 
Father's Day is still slightly depressing. Miss you Dad 
Father's Day makes me kinda sad 
fathers day this weekend 
fathers day! but no father in sight 
Fathers day! Hmm what to do today? Hate this crappy weather  ♥ L
Fathers Day.. Sad... I miss you dad 
Father's Day... 
Father's Day...wish I could be with my Dad  glad I get to celebrate my awesome Husband! ;) Thankful to have such an awesome Heavenly Dad!
fatman and i, working on the project DATABASE due tomorrow 
fav part of today-having a fun time at auditions. least fav-screwing up &amp; freezing in front of judges &amp; resulting in not makin the team! 
Favorite ladybug photo that i took just flew away  sad
favorite shirt ruined:death by bleach  #fb
favorite song ever the last time till ?? 
Favourite webcomic just ended.  #betterdays
Fay Hokulani tweeted has so much clean!! Clothes everywhere  Torture! http://tinyurl.com/lqzmps
fazendo powerpoint   
FB is acting stupid today....i wonder whut's up?  it's getting on my nerves!!! &gt;
fb java uploader doesnt like me 
Fb off 2 do some desperately needed laundering. Trying 2 get it in b4 the rain falls 
Fb On the road home from Chi-Town, well the burbs, didn't make it 2 the city 
FB quiz #1: &quot;How Tall are you going to be?&quot; result: 5'9&quot;..&lt;---- What went wrong?! How come I am just 5'3&quot;!? pbbht! 
FB selections postponed to next week. Will be giving spp outing a miss - again 
FB: Aaaannd that's the last screw. Furniture is ALL DONE. Now to move it into my room... 
FB: Also ow. Was I freaking punching the wall in my sleep or something? My middle/ring knuckles on my right hand are cut up. 
FCCCK!!! i just cut my finger  !!!!!!!!!
fck mr. chung. and fck stupid twitter for deleting people off my following list 
fck my little bro victor kim comment on his channel  
Fck sakes grad night and i have to Fcking babysit Fck Fck Fck Fck  i hate you right now
fck sakes.. hate papers. :S still workin on it.. 
fck sore throats and headaches!  goodnight.
fck, im FAT. diet time(: i hope i lose all this weight 
fck. netflix is down. i was hoping to finish watching Weeds season 1 but no! stupid maintenance 
FCKeditor is giving me problems! Posts just fine, but only edits in plain text! Help! 
fckin history hw. that's what I get for waiting this long. 
fcking noseeeeeeeeeee. 
Fckn head hurts lk hell AGAIN. Ugh n I cnt even sleep 
fckr i miss karebear so much  her cousin is coming over tomorow, yeeyuh
Fckr. @InocencioJubee i don`t have wireless yet. BUT my aunt told me ppkbitan n`ya nko next next week. :&quot;&gt; mobile web`s lame. 
Fcuk me this chemo is kickin my ass 
fcuk the hw..more homies just came over. bouta rewatch the fight. ughhh, I don't wanna leave!!   
fcuk! ayoko na!! I said that in tagalog cuz idk what to do anymore! 
Fcuking hell, I want some of those Lola's Kitchen cupcakes, so bad, i swear to god. I hope they'll have a store here in the Phils.  AHH!
FDA - Nestle Toll House cookie dough recall - E-Coli risk. Includes dough as well as ice cream with cookie dough 
FDA orders  Zicam be pulled from store shelves 
FDA: Consumers should stop using Zicam Cold Remedy nasal gel, etc,immediately. Can cause permanent loss of smell. WOW, I use that stuff. 
Feals a bit dwn 
Fear that the raid controller may be the dead on bae ... RIP 
Fearful of feminine protection commercials and never tweeted in the nude. Label me old fashion and prude and stick it in my bio. 
fears she might be going back to a GeStaPo Germany..... 
Feather pillows. Why? You spend all night being scratched, prodded and poked by the thing 
feck all fed-up 
feck all to dooooo 
Feck it- bare feet &amp; flipflops look damn silly with a big winter coat!Dilema- dont wear coat &amp; freeze in playground or wear boots &amp; socks 
Fed Coalition Wrong on Recession concession distraction comment!. 
Fed Ex didn't show up before work  no fabric today I guess
Fed Ex lied....its in Shanghai, China. 
Fed up and hungry. 
fed up atm 
Fed up now. Nearly got hit in driving instructors car 
Fed up of being made to feel invisible by my childish housemates 
fed up of the rain now 
Fed up of the weather 
Fed up of waiting for my Mum to arrive. Typically, she's over 2 hours late 
Fed up upset and don't feel well 
fed up waiting for iPhone 3.0.  It appears to be GMT 9pm or thereabouts before we'll have it in the UK.  That's really 17th 7/8 June!!! 
fed up was going camping 2day 
fed up with everyone about my body 
fed up with idiot neighbours constant door slamming waking the baby 
Fed up with snot, ouchy everything and need to pack for hols but feel crap stuck indoors...off to eat worms 
fed up with this life  I want bigger an better things, I know where I'm going, I just don't know how to get there
Fed up. So tired and hot that nothing is gonna get done today. I'm just tidying up other peoples mess. And I burnt the rhubarb 
Federer crusing to victory. Not a great final at all  More of a massacre ;-)
Federer made it to French Open quarterfinals but Roddick lost to Monfils.  http://viigo.im/Lcs
federer wins french open. i dont like it when he cries. doesnt look nice 
fedex lost first set.... is he going to end up on losing side?? 
FedEx... please don't forget about me. 
feeding a cat at work its so sad to see animals roaming the streets wit no food 
Feeding Anderson again.  Got up three times last night.  This is not fun  I am exhausted......
feeding Jaeden and watching OLTL on u tube... still sad and really wants her hubby back 
feeding my j&amp;k+8 obsession in 7 minutes!! i wonder if i ca shower in less 7 minutes and be done before it even starts? 
FeedReader takes 200Mb RAM  Any replacement recommendation will be more than welcome #rssreader #rss
feeeeeeeling a bit bleh. Need my rest. Lovely sunshine to relax in... unfortunatley not with the fiance today 
feeeeling lonely as ever 
feeel....soo.....sick! going to tryand sleep it off  xx
Feeeling hungry!!!! And all I have with me is water 
FEEERIAS please!!! 
feek like poo today....cramps SUCK!!  
feel  rough...time to sleep 
Feel a bit sick. Not sure if it's milo overload or exam nerves. 
Feel a bit stupid for forgetting suntan lotion though. Am now burnt on my nose and down my neck and  left arm - very attractive 
Feel a little like death today. Flu + not enough sleep = bad combination 
feel a little sick 
Feel a restless night coming on. Stupid hayfever 
feel absolutely awful  spent last night in a car park. On the train home now. What a fantastic weekend !!!
feel all gross and weird for no reason, blargh 
feel bad for accidentally burning my mini bag of popcorn at lunch...it has created quite the stench in the office   
feel bad for me i have loads of homework 
feel bad for that girl, hard life  (on dog)
Feel badly. Just received 8 wines from a winery who was suppose to be featured at the London Wine and Food Blogger Tasting last week 
Feel better che  i love you so much
feel blank..!! So sick of this town 
feel blue and down......... 
feel bored now 
feel bored with anything 
feel bored.. i did miss him.. but what can i do ? 
feel complicated couse lose my bag 
feel crap :l really bad earache 
feel dead  pink was awesome though. Epic mad
Feel dizzy and haven't had breakfast yet.  I have too much to do this morning 
Feel down stairs, in lots of pain. Do not want to see the bruises that are sure to come tomorrow morning. Ouch. 
feel even worst today  staying in bed and watching gilmore girls
feel horrible  i need a short nap. byee
Feel hurt ... I dont want to stop but i guess i have to .. God its going to be so hard on me 
Feel hurt. in car. gonna watch a funny movie. someone talk 
Feel incomplete...but I don't know how to change what's up  And it's not cause #superman64 isn't trending topic, as far as i know anyway
feel like a cool is on its way 
feel like a cow. to many calories today  i hate food.
Feel like about to puke  Can't remember any chemistry, but I understand it all. Arghhh. So cranky.
feel like absoloute poopy today! wanna go for a walk but dont know if ash will have time! 
Feel like absolute shit 
Feel like absolute utter crap. Damn this cold if mine!! Go away 
feel like blah. can't wait to go home in an hour and a half 
feel like cheese platter  thanks @wil_anderson
Feel like cr*p today, barking like a dog and now the hayfever is starting...groan ... 
feel like crap but have to go to football tomorrow!!! 
Feel like crap this morning, want to go back to bed, but dang it, I have to work! 
Feel like crap today.. Headache 
Feel like crap today-throat is sore all the muscles in my neck hurt just crap in general  got until the 23rd to get over whatever it is!
feel like crap we lost in a semi again 
Feel like crap, wonna go home, still got 2 hours 
feel like crapp tonight mayyy-nnn 
feel like crying 
Feel like crying. Don't want to go to work 
feel like death now. 
Feel like deathhhhhhhhh. So much for going out 
feel like eating icecream.. I miss gng out..  - http://tweet.sg
Feel like eating pizza.Nice and hot.Cheesy.Wait! 3 more hot words!Nice and hot.hahaha.that games over though.Its all been said. 
Feel like eating the choc fudge cake frm prima deli.. 
feel like going camping..miss the outdoors 
Feel like hell, dizzy, loopy, nauceous... My head is pounding, from the Meds. I'm going to bed soon.  I'm no fun tonight.
feel like I have sandpaper under my eyelid! Oh it's gonna be a long summer 
Feel like I haven't twittered much today 
Feel like I should go out for a healthy walk in the sun. However secretly I want to sit in the garden relaxing  #fb
feel like I slept with my head in a bucket of pollen 
Feel like I'm getting sick  if I do it better be gone by Saturday
feel like i'm gonna cry, one of my friends has left college  not ever gonna be the same  Really trying hard not to cry right now..
Feel like I'm missing out on LIFE  http://myloc.me/4IlA
Feel like I'm stuck in a rut. Waiting to hear back from schools is killing me.  Also decided to take a break from #wow for awhile.
Feel like I'm talking into a void here...ANYONE LISTENING???!!!! No, OK! 
Feel like I'm trapped in this world where only GCSE's matter 
feel like im turning 80 with my current hair loss 
Feel like ive been at work ALL my life  somebody txt me fs! Id like to be drunk!
Feel like my head is gunna explode 
feel like my head just came out of a vacuum and it looks like it did too 
feel like poo, alcohol is v bad 
feel like shit  x
Feel Like Shit!! 
feel like shit, fucking side effects coming off these meds, wish I never started them, been nothing but trouble 
feel like shit, ignore me but I don't need to say that, you already are 
feel like shit, miss my baby already. 
Feel like shit. 
Feel like shit. Have done for the past two days. 
Feel like shit...ill have to miss the youth bbq tonight 
Feel like shittt 
Feel like watching 'The Sound of Music' tonight. Don't have the movie in stock though  stupid thing.
feel lost behind words i cud never find........  sigh....
feel lower than zero 
Feel my confidence and level of honesty is increasing, at a risk of losing some niceness 
Feel not good in my company  feel tight !!
Feel quite awful. Sleepy with pounding headach. 
Feel really bad4 the relatives &amp;friends of the ppl on board the Air France plane that's gone 'missing'...must b agony  http://bit.ly/wT0B7
Feel really fed up today  Need to shake myself out of it!
Feel really ill  Hoping that I get so ill I go to hospital and get out of exams.
Feel really sick 
feel rough as, and look like shit 
Feel seriously funky. Not ill, but ... eh, I think I was closest with 'funky'.. I do not understand 
Feel sick  Its alright though, because big brother starts tomorrow, and my exams finish the day after.
feel sick ive just eaten 2 pieces of cake covered in icing 
feel sick!♥i go to the doctor 2morrow♥ 
Feel so bad for Rob. Trying to run away from crazy fans and gets hit by a taxi. 
Feel so bored @ work! I don't think I like it anymore! UGH! 
Feel so hot I could take all my clothes off. Wouldn't go down well here tho. Looking and feeling very rough 
feel so incredibly lucky (and sad) when I read about shit going down in the world today 
Feel so sad  insecure damn i hate this crap
Feel so sick right now. 12:30 and that Chinese food from a few hours ago about to come back up. 
feel so sick, and exhausted i just dont want to do anything 
feel so sorry for the people aboard Air France flight and their families 
Feel so tired but I cannot sleep 
Feel sooo sick again 
Feel sorry for BGT Diversity  they might as well not have won ...
Feel super sick  threw up twice already 
feel the sorrow feel the pain knowing that i am to blame for leaving your heart out in the rain  this song gets me everytime lol
Feel v. antisocial. Also quite tired. Can't be arsed to do anything. BAH. 
Feel VERY FUCKING SILLY at the moment 
Feel very tired.   - http://tweet.sg
Feel very under the weather today  Going to go to Marks to get some chicken soup, might make me feel better.
Feel your heart it breaks within your chest now Try to get some rest , sleeps not coming easy for a while, child 
Feel yucky sick this morning 
Feelin a bit lovey dovey.This rain &amp; lightning is  makin me wish I had some1 2 snuggle wit 2nite. (Grabs pillow and fantasizes)  #fb
feelin a lil depressed  today!
feelin a lil sick 
FEELIN' A LI'L UNDER THE WEATHER.. UGH! STOMACH PAAAAAAAAAIN 
Feelin a little insecure about myself right now  blah
Feelin a little sick this morning..   
feelin a little upset 
feelin alone n ashamed...  hope tomorrow brings a new way to look at life
feelin awfully dizzy 
feelin better I just wish the take the IV off 
Feelin dizzy again. Such an unpleasant feeling, I hope it´ll go away when the weather isn´t unsteady anymore  Everythings going in circles
feelin down lately but i've no reason too 
feelin' for all my Pen fans right now 
Feelin good today, shame about the weather  wonder what today has in store for us two as we laze around...
Feelin hungry 4 cereal, but I really shudnt eat anyfin 
Feelin juss as SALTY as when I went to sleep...  Damn ***s....
Feelin like ass   Good night...
feelin like crap today - wicked headache and yucky cold!  
Feelin like death this morning. Definitely gonna be a LONG day 
Feelin like dump. Sitting in class doing this. ovb. Make me feel betterrrrr 
feelin' like I could throw up.  going to ZzzZZzzzZzzZzz.
feelin like shit today. i don't what happened last night, but DAMN. feel like somebody took a sledgehammer &amp; hit me with it over &amp; over. 
feelin like shit! this is gonna be the last weekend with BabyCakes b4 he leaves for Iraq for almost a year! tear tear 
feelin lonely 2day....  ....smh hopefully  its just the weather....
Feelin lyk shit rite now... WISH I HAD some1 to take care of meee shiiitt. Dis is wakk mystomach hurts so bad. 
Feelin much better... But I think I'm gettin a cold  going to work now...
feelin much calmer this morning,last nite was emotional  only 2 more sleeps until Oz...
feelin nice bout to call it a nite* imissmypapi 
feelin pissed n think i have a bleedin cold 
Feelin pretty good about the short game! But I still need a new driver! 
fEElin REALLy Sad       .............i DoNt LiKe tHiS FeeLin...
feelin rough atm 
Feelin sad!  I hate being alone. U get that but don't ya!
feelin sick  devss.
feelin sick but better but still sick 
feelin' sickish 2daii..  a lil' cough &amp; extreme colds.. badtrip!
Feelin sicky, sleeping on the sofa so I don't wake up my hunny if I have to get up again. 
feelin so lazy today... 
feelin so sick still. 
feelin soo sick   not a gud start 2day . i wanted to but tickets for glastonbury but then found out they're all sold out ! ! scheisse !
Feelin sorry for my cuz. She's spending the night here with her kids and hubby 'cause they've gotta spackle their rental. On Mother's Day 
Feelin sorry for my diabetic hubby who is snacking on peanut butter, a giant carrot and a super small glass of non-fat milk 
Feelin' used and abused... 
feeling a bit betrayed by friends  ah im sure it will all work out anyways!Hi new followers tanx for following
Feeling a bit better but tomorrow's definitely gonna be hard. ...if you read my last LJ entry then you know why. 
feeling a bit blue, don't know why 
feeling a bit crap as i have the flu  if someone could reply to me saying something hysterical that would be appriciated lots of love xxx
Feeling a bit dejected at the moment. 
Feeling a bit down   I'll be leaving my husband sooner than planned. This darn deployment snuck up on us real quick..
feeling a bit down in the dumps  need someone to make me laugh!
feeling a bit down.  mom is not doing so well 
Feeling a bit down... 
feeling a bit lonely 
Feeling a bit lonely tonight  Still my secret love which is furniture shopping to do tomorrow!  Sxxx
Feeling a bit meloncholy today   don't know why ughh something in the air maybe *sighs*
Feeling a bit odd today 
feeling a bit poopy this morning 
Feeling a bit sick   and yet my mom insists on the fam coming over for my bday tonight ...
feeling a bit under the weather and in dire need of theatrical and dramatic outlet. 
feeling a bit under the weather at work 
feeling a bit under the weather today.  no time to be sick when i have a dream to fulfill. 
Feeling a lil down today 
Feeling a little betrayed by @babygirlparis .  She'll know why soon.  
feeling a little better...but my eyes got PO'd and puffed up on me  Maybe I shouldn't have spent all day Sunday napping with the dogs...
feeling a little bit ill 
feeling a little bit low 
Feeling a little bit of reaction to Yellow Fever vaccination I had this morning. 
Feeling a little bit sick buuuuu 
Feeling a little blue 
Feeling a little bummed. I can't go to a free (gifts from work) Padres game OR free Mozart Festival because I have shows every night. Big 
Feeling a little crappy 
Feeling a little depressed today  because of that scene on my mind and that song playing on the radio reminding me of that country
Feeling a little down  there is no Sunshine 
Feeling a little down... 
feeling a little lonely on a friday night in pittsburgh 
feeling a little lonely today... my bf is at croatia this we.. 
feeling a little lost.....also don't like the way I get spoken to by certain people, kinda unfair 
Feeling a little old today - everyone is growing up and I just want time to stay still 
Feeling a little overwhelmed at work. 
feeling a little sad  is this how i'm gonna spend my summer? sit here behind the computer and watch TV? :o
Feeling a little sick. Ohhellnoooo.  I hope this is just migraine. :|
Feeling a little tipsy.....wishing his phone didn't die 
Feeling a little under the weather today  got a funny tummy - however, the sun is shining and I'm at home. Yay!
feeling a littlt nauscious 
feeling a lot better but still sick and sunburnt 
feeling a new root canal coming on 
feeling about 20% better today. Able to take a short walk without screaming. Have hope for a quick recovery by the weekend. No century 
feeling absolutely horrible, why must I wake up at 5am feeling like crap when I went to bed at 1am?!? Back to campus soon 
Feeling absolutely horrible. 
feeling alittle out of the loop 
Feeling all alone with no one following me!   This is a strange world!
feeling alll sleeeeepy...   ate like a whale today...
FEELING ALONE   In need of some friends
Feeling awful, my fever keeps rising, and my DVR has died.  A little bummed.
Feeling awful, not hangover ill but ILL and what am i doing for the rest of the day? Working 
feeling bad about getting to work late... 
Feeling bad for my little sister. Put a lot of money into her Saab, took full coverage off it last week, and totalled it yesterday 
Feeling bad for shouting at my mum this morning 
feeling bad for the old guys in NKOTB. 
Feeling bad that @muemerry didnt get to see UP 
Feeling bad that I dare not look at the #glasto line up cos I don't know when my work shifts are 
feeling barfy... ughh i do not enjoy being sick! 
Feeling being with her but can't  Fucking distance
feeling better   I was sick during these 3 days I had a stomach flu  but now i'm good uff 
Feeling better but missed review class. 
feeling better but not 100% maybe 59 %! 
feeling better but still not feeling 100% 
Feeling better this am, getting ready to head back to C-bus 
Feeling better this morning ... determind for the rest of the week to go better. Still feel v.disappointed in myself for my behaviour  ...
feeling better today but got @JiSm89 sick 
Feeling better today, not so upset but still missing my wee birdies like nothing on earth  Time for breakfast now, coffee &amp; Croissants!!
feeling better today, thank you Lord! Going to try and tackle Wal-Mart and the grocery store today. 
feeling better, but still a bit sick 
Feeling better, but wife is not 
feeling better. at home without skateboard  woke up at 11:30 am. reading fanfictions and playing with Runes of Magic
Feeling better. Blood sugar down to a more human 90. Could be stress. Could be this *#@+!!! sinusitis. Could just be something I ate. 
Feeling bit  (very) emotional today sooooo far behind emails now onto edublogs forum then realised blogs.mu forum next  
feeling blue, i've dissapointed my boy,i'm really sorry.. 
Feeling blue.... maybe its the rain... 
Feeling broken today: back aches, belly gurgles, ideas slightly swirling  
feeling bummed that someone stole my camera 
feeling completely out of sorts. good food might help, but i don't have my bike today 
Feeling completely wiped out, and still gotta keep working from home... 
Feeling considerably better,wish i could have slept in today 
Feeling crap. Missing the SA vs Spain match. Call the waaaahmbulance 
feeling crappy today!yuk 
feeling crappy, sore everything  and have big family party this afternoon which i could really do without
Feeling crappy. Stupid bugs. I hate being unwell 
Feeling crappy.. I want frozen yogurt 
Feeling defeated cuz I wont be at ROO  OH Well....2010 is a lock!
feeling depressed  can't wait til doc's  app on tuesday so i can get put on meds
Feeling depressed today...I need cheering up 
Feeling dizzy for some reason. 
Feeling Down  ...
feeling down - exams didn't go well yesterday 
Feeling down again. Today is way too stressful. 
Feeling down. 
Feeling drained today somehow...  Ready to sleep if only my brain would stop all the whirring!
feeling dupped after purchasin ipod touch  1g a year ago 
Feeling dwn cuz i cnt go 2 my lil man's graduation  uncle doin this 4u!
Feeling emotionally drained 
Feeling empty today. Not being around the boy doesn't help either 
Feeling ever so sorry for those tied to desks and/or computers on yet another glorious day  &quot;chilly&quot; rest of the week ....
Feeling excessively tired 
Feeling exhausted. I just want to go home. 
feeling extra nervous to call my father 
feeling fat cause of hotpot 
Feeling glad I have a Father to spoil today..... But also mMissing the best father-in-law in the world...  first one without him 
Feeling good but, I wanna get out of here 
Feeling good today..I finally woke up around 1. I was up all night with insomnia.    I think it was from the heat.
feeling grumpy that I've had to take work home with me this week of all weeks 
Feeling guilty about the pizza I just ate!  Stay focused!!!
Feeling guilty about unfollowing people with either &quot;spymaster&quot; or &quot;squares**ce&quot; tweets. Got to be done 
feeling guilty after that chocolate  ahhh well
Feeling guilty for not having played tennis since Sunday 
feeling heaps sick, and blah 
Feeling how I look...GOOD!!! Harlem has treated me well, now in a cab with a headache  tweet ya later!
Feeling i cannot trust anyone at the moment! 
Feeling ill again today 
Feeling ill and cleaning my room   NB: Illness not related to room's state.
Feeling ill today.  already been sick &amp; still have that horrid taste! Bleurgh!!
Feeling ill, so relaxing watching TV 
Feeling incredibly sick 
Feeling insomniatic. I shouldn't have drank one and a half cup of coke today!  i wanna sleep already...
feeling inspired to do a number of things..to busy to do them though  creative outlet needed.
feeling it could be a long morning, baby almost able to do the things he wants ... but. not. quite.   
feeling kinda down today, dunno why.  hubby still at work.. wanna see hubby now!!!
feeling kinda fresh with my new haircut haha. ten min left of my break though 
feeling kinda hot.  going to bed early tonight 
Feeling kinda irritated today. Didn't get much sleep...as usual.  I've developed a cough too! Sigh 
Feeling kinda lonely now  Oh well, shall get on with some work, i should have started by now anyways...
feeling kinda sad... don't know if i really want to do anything today.... 
feeling kinda shitty right now.. probably not sleeping enough 
feeling kinda sicky today  hope i snap out of it... starting the new job tonight!
feeling lame because i an't figure out how to put a picture on this thing 
feeling lazy at this moment 
Feeling left out 'cos I'm not doing the readathon.  Must be more organised next time. #readathon
Feeling left out from the #phillymoms blog launch party...  
feeling left out, nothing new 
Feeling less grumpy today. Hayfever still fairly prevalent. At least it is 'cake Tuesday' at work... Tescos after work tonight 
feeling less worse (not better... yet), but it may just be too late  so much wasted time, so many months of hard work gone down the drain
Feeling light headed and gross 
Feeling like a complete idiot today. Just wiped out ALL of the numbers from my iPhone while trying to upgrade the software! I am so sad 
Feeling like a dick 
feeling like a fat waste of space. ugh. 
Feeling like a rubbish mum - forgot Abi's hat this morning and had to leave her crying in school   
feeling like all i am is second best and second choice to people.   
Feeling like ass all of the sudden...body aches, headache, tummy twirling. 
Feeling like ass...how does that work when you don't drink...? Thinking Donny town but really shouldnt spend money 
Feeling like crap  Sore throat and a running nose.
Feeling like crap once again. Every morning I wake up with a sore throat and no voice and completely drained. 
Feeling like crap today! Kind of just woke up. . . I can haz no sick 
feeling like crap today, but I get to have some fun Courtney/Rebecca time for coffee as soon as class is over. One of our last times! 
Feeling like crap. Cough, sore throat, sinus pain. Ugh. I think I'd feel better if I were hungover... 
Feeling like crap....again  I never win....
Feeling like crap...taking a day off for the first time in a while and it feels wrong, but I just can't do it today 
Feeling like have a flat battery. Really tired and lacking in energy. Rubbishness 
feeling like I am coming down with something, my throat hurts, slight fever. I can't afford to get sick now.  
Feeling like I got hit by a bus 
feeling like i got hit by a car,  and still ruminating trustworthiness.  
feeling like I'll never find a place to live. 
Feeling like just another sardine in the District Line tin 
feeling like poo and cant see my baby why does this have to happen to me 
Feeling like shiiiit 
Feeling like shit and wish I had some1 2 talk 2. Its only been a week since classes ended and Im already having a breakdown coz so lonely 
feeling like shit atm. not enough sleep, shit food. want a hug 
feeling like shit today at home just woke up fuck school i miss him 
feeling like shit, i wanna be in his arms again 
Feeling like something is missing... I wanna kno what it is 
Feeling like this day was totally wasted 
feeling like this song right now  http://tinyurl.com/25cskq 
Feeling like worst mother in world, let bub cry for 20 min then gave in &amp; fed her - poor mites body was racked with sobs 
Feeling lonely &amp; in desperate need of a job!!!  fyi
feeling lonely ... 
Feeling lonely without my sister. She's living with a friend now 
Feeling lonely. Im lonelier than i thought 
Feeling lonley... 
feeling lost without my p-nasty  he is off having an adventure with my dad and brothers...ugh. come home soon my love&lt;3
Feeling low - 
feeling low  down sad i hate fridays....
feeling low and pessisimistic 
Feeling low as Mom is not feeling well.. drains you mentally, if someone says they are suffering &amp; need you close but u not able to visit 
Feeling mighty rotten, a cold in summer 
Feeling miserable  Uuughhh....
Feeling miserable, don't know why. Have RDBMS exam tmrw! Finally exams knocking the door. 
Feeling more lonely then ever right now 
Feeling nauseous. I'm back at work after a week off. Think work makes me sick 
Feeling neglected and uniformed by my family. 
Feeling neglected by @iBeChief and@GREENory ... Hmmm I need better people in my life!! 
Feeling not to ferice today! 
Feeling not-so-good-today  
feeling oh so bad.......i think i got a cold 
Feeling old &amp; decrepit after a hard ride on the pony this arvo 
feeling ordinary 
Feeling overwhelmed and emotional...    
Feeling particularly down and with no idea why 
Feeling particularly edgy and nervous. 
Feeling poorly sick. 
Feeling poorly, so pulled out of 3 peaks walk tomorrow. Cos of me, its now totally cancelled, so I feel worse &amp; guilty. I fail at failing 
feeling pretty crap right now.  Miss the boyfriend. 
feeling pretty down 
Feeling pretty gross today. 
Feeling pretty jipped right now bc I can't upload a picture 
Feeling pretty like shit. Felt this way since last night. Hnnf.  
Feeling pretty lousy  this sucks.
Feeling pretty rough &amp; very very tired. Boo to that 
Feeling proper weird today 
Feeling quit defeated, my heart is heavy 
Feeling quite cold all of a sudden  Brrr!
Feeling quite down the last couple of days, despite the good weather. 
Feeling quite ill 
Feeling quite ill today  don't pity me however, it is self inflicted. So am just chilling with the boyfriend and the dogs.
Feeling rather lonely... And unwanted... 
feeling rather peckish...no dinner for at least 2 hours  wah
feeling rather sick this morning  wouldn't care all I had to drink last night was a vodka+lem + a diesel 
Feeling rather unmotivated and disappointed w/ myself. I want to be motivated but I'm just not ... 
Feeling real designerishhh .. I wish I hadn't forgot my sketchbook 
feeling real moody today 
Feeling reallly knackered all of a sudden. Might have a lay down (ON MY OWN) for a bit 
Feeling really bad @ work  Hope I'll get better in a few minutes/hours, otherwise I'll go home ealry... Yugh...
Feeling REALLY bad about not going to E3. Just found at Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Yoko Ono were at the MS party for RB: The Beatles.  
Feeling really bad today.  ugh, I hate being sick!!
Feeling really crummy today...chills, achy, head/stomach ache. And I have class tonight. This is gonna be a REALY long day. 
feeling really depressed, like the whole world is against me 
feeling really dizzy, just nearly fainted :| ... i hope it isnt swine flu  so ill
feeling really down and i have no idea why 
feeling really energetic but I'm stuck inside revising 
feeling really faint 
feeling really fed up this afternoon 
Feeling really helpless at the moment 
Feeling really hot right now. The freakin ac isn't working 
Feeling really ill today. Think got some kind of 24hr bug. The sickness stopped but the pain in joints is still going strong 
feeling really lonelyyy 
Feeling really mad, bad, and sad.. Scared im losing the only one who truly cares.. 
Feeling really nervous about where I'll get my abmeldebestätigung today. My Rümlang Gemeindehaus is closed for some work holiday! Horror! 
feeling really paranoid today  damn it! i gotta leave very soon! i wish i didn't feel like this!
feeling really queasy :S i wanna go back home 
Feeling really rough this morning, not looking forward to working this weekend 
feeling really sad has ive got to go to work now 
Feeling really sad today--Aaron's childhood dog has to be put down   Wish dogs could live as long as people.
feeling really sad. 
feeling really shitty and flu like 
Feeling really sick now 
feeling really sick. . . . . missing ladies meeting 2night  ~CoCo~
Feeling really sick. Cant do anything so just on the couch watching movies 
feeling really stressed out. And pulled a bum muscle 
feeling restless, and my back is in spasm again  thinking I'm sick, sore throat,  nausea, like a bus drove over me. but could be allergies
Feeling restless.....and a little sick. 
Feeling rockish. The only thing missing is my bike  I really really want to go for a ride.
Feeling rough  but business as usual , us mums are not allowed to be unwell. Weekends flown by and Monday looms 
Feeling rough this morning, and it's gonna be a difficult day too I think - no computers for a bit 
Feeling sad about John &amp; Kate plus 8.  I just saw the interview that aired last night. Now I cant stop eating milk and cookies  
feeling sad and irritated cause i can't be with my friends right now 
feeling sad and lonely 
feeling sad and useless  f*ck!
Feeling sad because my friend will be leaving town. 
feeling sad Bethany's reign is almost over 
Feeling sad cause a favorite teacher of mine has died. She was a caring, kind, compassionate person. The kind of teacher I aspire to be. 
feeling sad that I probably didn't do so hot on my OB-GYN exam 
feeling sad, because I am not in ATL to celebrate my friend's birthday 
feeling sad..2morrow not a good day...but happy fathers day to all ur daddys 
feeling sentimental. My boys are so grown up!! It feels like just yesterday I was reading them bedtime stories. 
Feeling shitay 
feeling shitty emotionally = feeling shitty physically. sick  hope it goes away ASAP
Feeling shitty. 
Feeling shitty.  I need a hug or maybe a big pile of money.
Feeling sick  ...trying to sleep but I can't :-/
feeling sick  and is raining and cold (11 degrees colder than yesterday)...
Feeling sick  AND my iPod's totally dead. I'm going to bed.
Feeling sick  and study all day long!
Feeling sick  I think I had too much chocolate...
Feeling sick  no bueno and my neck hurts! Ugh!
feeling sick  Ready for the weekend!
Feeling sick  sitting in a big chair with ginger ale and watching grey's...That should do the trick. BBQ later with everyone &lt;3
Feeling sick  These stupid pills aren't nice 
Feeling sick  want to be back in Sydney
Feeling sick  wanted to call out today but I can't! No bueno!
Feeling sick again today...oh how I love being a woman. 
Feeling sick and dreading work today... ugh... is it never gonna end... and it hasn't even started yet 
feeling sick and have a headache. dont think ill be getting any sleep tonight 
feeling sick and I want congee. 
feeling sick and pukey.... 
Feeling sick and very sorry for myself 
Feeling sick but working...  
feeling sick for work tommorow not cool 
feeling sick had to go home 
Feeling sick right now  it's just another sunday hmm.
feeling sick to my stomach all day...thats what i get for eating like a fat person yesterday 
feeling sick to my stomach.  too much sugar before (not) going to bed??
Feeling sick today  NOT COOL. Eyes feel puffy, nose is running, throat is sore. This is NOT the way to begin this summer!
feeling sick today.   was supposed to go to the grand am race, but it's going to rain all day...not worth getting sicker.
Feeling sick, another sleepless night 
feeling sick, sweaty, dry mouth, tired 
Feeling sick.  wont beupdating the fanpages till wednesday. Remember kendra permieres tomorrow at 10/9c! Lovessss itttt
feeling sick. headache. bored. tireddd 
Feeling sick. Meh. But not the same kind of sick as @Prosset 
feeling sick.. its not fun 
Feeling sickie  hopefully I'll get better soon but I'm all alone at home, lol. Time to care for myself.
feeling sleepy  i envy those who can sleep whenever they feel like it
Feeling sleepy and sitting at work. Thinking about how I want to just do nothing for a whole week. I would be amazing to have a vacation 
feeling sleepy na! have classes pa at 6 
Feeling slightly better, probably not gonna make it home for my brothers birthday / fathers day. Family is pissed - but I can't help it 
feeling slightly depressed now at the prospect of a friday night with no alcohol and no excitement  workin tomorrow though!
feeling slightly ill 
Feeling slightly worried! I think I may have said something bad unintentionally!  If so, why do I not think before I speak?!
Feeling slightly worried! I think I may have said something bad unintentionally!  If so, why do I not think before I speak?! If I did
Feeling sluggish after some 10 hrs in bed; need to catch up on work emails and hate being under the weather 
feeling so damn tired today... maybe because i haven't had any coffee yet... 
Feeling so depressed today 
feeling so depressed..hope I could change things the way I want them to be 
feeling so down just now =( just wish everything would work itself out  x
Feeling so down.. i feel im the one responsible for their breakup 
Feeling so fed up. Someone get me outta here please 
Feeling so freaking sexy today!Viewer discretion advised! In class 
feeling so goddamn sick- don't know how long i'll last today. I just want to go home, curl up into a ball and hide in bed all day long. 
feeling so lucky to have been with my Suze for 20 years today, so why am I feeling so low 
Feeling so melancholy. Just had my last Italian class ever 
feeling so miserably sick.  I don't know what's wrong with me.  Hopefully I don't end up going to the ER. 
feeling so much heart pain!  i wanna get drunk now
Feeling so overwelmed and in prepared for my exam on Tuesday 
Feeling so rough today, just want a cuddle and some sleep 
feeling so sad that i need to leave LA  ... but happy that Lakers won the NBA championship
feeling so sick   hate this feelings.
Feeling so sick today, might be a cold. What should I take?? 
Feeling so sick, no one to look after me 
feeling so sorry for myself, i have conjunctivitis, really bad, my eyes look minging 
Feeling so stressed and so run down that I'm coming down with a cold 
Feeling so terrible I had to stay home from the bf's seminar.  I'm watching the House marathon and diagnosing myself.  #nowahypocondriac
feeling so tired from yesterday!!! Wanna be @ home. 
Feeling so tired... I could sleep all day long! 
Feeling so useless not being in iran 
feelinG soo bad..  i want my bED... snif snif
Feeling soo ill  Talk about awful timing!! http://myloc.me/2HOT
Feeling soo sick  Pray for me cuz I feel like my insides are falling apart!
Feeling sore now after the massage..... 
Feeling soree, bad idea to go running when your sick 
Feeling sorry for Betty Cooper of Archie fame.  Going to buy a big chocolate cake and eat it all for her.  
Feeling sorry for cameron right now 
feeling sorry for myself 
feeling sorry for myself  all stuffed up with a horrible cold!
Feeling sorry for myself today cos of my drunken antics last night. Looks like I could be on the couch again tonight 
feeling sorry for spectacular  it wasnt all bad lol!
Feeling sorry for taking too long of a shower... 
Feeling sorry for the big, cute moth that can't understand how to get out of my window. People can't touch moths, wings disintegrate 
Feeling stressed and wishing I could just spend the day in bed. 
feeling stressed, dropped my itouch and its dead...didnt realise how much i used it till i cant....white screen aaarrgghhhhhhh not good 
feeling stuffy &amp; miserable; this cold is  starting to kick in 
feeling stupid at totally falling for an obvious prank    im gonna get you back, sucka!!!!
feeling super bummed. it's lonely out here in the woods. i miss my city. 
Feeling super duper nauseous.  Abot to vom on my study notes.    I need a hug.
Feeling super duper restless, manzxzxzxz!! 
Feeling super horny (tworny) in HellA (L.A) 
feeling super sad  hate goodbyes 
Feeling Super Sick 
Feeling super sick... 
feeling super sleepy and knocked out cold today! may as well leave early if possible! 
Feeling suprisingly lonely tonight, despite having my cat here. 
Feeling tense today. Not a fan. I need a pick-me-up. Jason leaves for SD tonight. 
feeling that alone feeling 
Feeling the after effects from last night 
Feeling the burn..... missed that deuce on the flop     damn it!
Feeling the hayfever today, and oh look, no pills! 
feeling the need for some tea from Starbucks, but @valeriehanneken isn't here to join my coffee trip 
Feeling the no sleep thing now  ready to take a nap when i get back.
Feeling the pain from friday's workout: Knee woke me up all night.  Abs really sore!!!  Ibuprofen not cutting it. 
Feeling the pain from the accidente.   not feeling too good
Feeling the results of a bottle of patron 
feeling the sunday blues....maybe the smiths doesn't help 
Feeling tired with a headache. No heavy night out on the town yesterday to justify it either  
feeling too sleepy .... not yet started preparing for tomorrows poster 
feeling uky this morning.  I better not be getting sick again.
feeling unappreciated at the moment. 
feeling under the weather 
feeling under the weather at work. can't go home though, i did that last week 
feeling under the weather today, down with the flu 
Feeling v blah 2day  altho my new neighbours did leave a lovely bottle of white on our stairs. I was tempted to take it til i read card
feeling v fed up 2day 
Feeling vaguely disappointed, disillusioned and disenfranchised!                                                 chocolate might help 
Feeling very crap today, so wish I didn't...have singing tonight. 
feeling very creative in the last week or so, sketching and doodling lots, which makes it superannoying that i have to be at work... 
Feeling very down today! Maybe even sad!! 
Feeling very hungry today, probably because I missed my breakfast 
Feeling very lardy today.. But i've only had soup and a cup of tea since yesterday 
Feeling very low today tweeps  xoxo
Feeling very nostalgic today 
feeling very restless. wishing the boyfriend was here. 
feeling very sick infact 
Feeling very sick this morning 
feeling very sick. but is also so confused about things, and is frusterated about it. 
Feeling very sleepy after the gym - need to snap out of it and drive to mansfield  not even hjad any dinner yet 
Feeling very sluggish after having not played tennis for three days. I feel bad: I slept instead 
feeling very sorry for myself! 
feeling very uninspired to write this article. 
feeling very upset at what has just broken 
Feeling very very alone tonight 
Feeling Very Very Depressed!!     
feeling veryy awkward....it was a cold or very bitter meeting 
Feeling way out of place no matter how much fun we are having.... 
feeling weak today  http://plurk.com/p/sv282
feeling well ill 
Feeling worried, concerned... It's like an overwhelming feeling of anxiety... 
feeling yucky today. i hate work. celebrating abbis birthday if i can move. ewww sickyness. 
Feeling yucky tonight. Think lil boy is too. 
Feeling yukky, feel like shaving my head, but I'm not as brave as Britney Spears ....... and my ears are too big to suit a no1 
feeling....in don't know to be honest, can't be good 
Feelings suck 
feeln down in the dumps hate been sick......hope its not swine flu! 
Feeln yucky!!! Ugh 
feels ..my cousin is a monkey  http://plurk.com/p/x23pa
feels a bit less sickish but is back in summer school soo idk 
feels a bit of flu creeping on  #fb
feels a bit rough today  soooo can't wait for this long weekend
feels a bit sad having one follower  haha bad times
feels a little better today, waiting for my lovely Sunday dinner LOL. eastenders on soon, but iv got loads of work to do.  boohoo.
feels a little low on enthusiasm for camp.  http://plurk.com/p/121cgk
feels absolutely awful!! i am sick again with a bad cold i am not happy 
feels alone, again  http://plurk.com/p/xseqd
Feels as if good guys are never meant for good girls 
feels ass-whooped by this economy 
feels bad  but i'm hoping i won't feel worse.
Feels bad  going to sleep. I can't be here and in cali and make everyone happy  if I could I would boo &lt;3
feels bad . cuz he can't do the weight lifting thing!!!!  http://plurk.com/p/11iau4
Feels bad about the Air France Air bus missing plane incident. Wreckage has been found..  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8080290.stm
feels bad about you  http://plurk.com/p/ywvau
feels bad because her baby is so unhappy... I'm unhappy too baby!...  unhappy without you... 
-Feels bad because she kept Oscar up all night- 
feels bad Chloe caught a cold 
Feels bad for denying someone sex.  And theyre probably mad at me.  But at least I can say no.  
feels bad for little jedi kids that get killed 
feels bad for Tina and the fate of her car 
Feels bad I have to lock the cats in the room      stupid bug spray
Feels bad she hasn't gone to rookie camp yet 
feels bad sitting nicely in her room while @missmackie1 is stuck in traffic in her car on the way to her  lol
feels bad that my step dad lost his job  and hoping it rains all night - i really dont feel like sitting in a chair watching brats!
Feels bad, all I could get my mother for Mother's Day is a hug!!! SORRY! 
feels bad, really really bad.  Sana maayos pa. (Cozy) http://plurk.com/p/svdym
feels bad.  michael got whatever stomach virus i had.  ughhh...  
feels bitter cos I won't be able to watch the &quot;davids&quot; concert. 
feels bored with my holiday  http://plurk.com/p/12mp6l
feels bummed out again 
feels cold and lonely...  http://plurk.com/p/t9dnq
feels completly blindsided 
feels confused n doubt whether she has been too serious towards academic.  
feels confused n doubt whether she has been too serious towards academic? 
feels crappy now, THANKS! also i smell terribly like smoke 
feels depressed suddenly. Dunno why 
feels dissapointed   http://plurk.com/p/12d3xs
Feels extreeemely sick and has way too much homework. No 3D movie or fun in the sun today  my tummy hurts 
feels forgotten  damn it... why wont he call?! http://plurk.com/p/xi0vj
feels good to be at home by myself and to be able to do what i want- but... think dad is just home now 
feels good to just relaxxx. but i got a headachee 
feels good to sleep in my bed with my good ol' ac but also lonely..I miss my big poppa 
feels guilty for lying.  this is y i dont lie.
feels helpless right now.. my lola is in the hospital.. not doing good.. her children are making a big decision of their lives! 
feels his stomach groaning but he doesn't want to eat...  http://plurk.com/p/yuw38
feels hitted and quitted?!?!?! 
feels horrible for everything that happened between us. 
Feels hungry and tired and doesn't like doing homework 
feels I don't know   http://plurk.com/p/x4v3m
Feels icky like woah! I need my mommy to make me some chicken soup and tuck me in 
feels ill  and revising blerrghhhh
feels ill  going to bed! hopefully vicks will help me as i sleeeep!
feels ill today 
feels incredibly nauseous 
feels insanely bored. shall sleep then. night world. and i'm hungry too. darn 
feels it's siesta time. Oops. I forgot to Plurk! Karma down  http://plurk.com/p/13svrw
feels kind of desperate,, I really dont like him   I'll probably feel better in the morning.
feels left out of the tweeting wars 
Feels like 0 degrees in lecture classes.. Freezing cold and hungry! 
feels like a ass...  Johnny B.
Feels like a baked shrimp curling up under the hot sun. Aircon for the taxi don't seem to help even at full blast. 45mins more to airport 
Feels like a cold coming on 
Feels like a damn grown up. sucks. 
Feels like a gross thing in my throat AJGHSHGS get it out 
feels like a heart attaaack  que sábado mais chato
feels like a hug 
feels like a little rat 
feels like a loser (totally kidding) bc I have very few followers 
feels like a nap..i miss taking naps with my Granny 
feels like a tropical crush from boost juice 
Feels like an old ankle sprain injury is making a return. It never did heal right. 
Feels like awfull =\ stupid headache 
feels like being trapped and i hate itttt.  http://plurk.com/p/xf5ac
feels like bs. never wanted to get a hug off kev more in my entire life. scared about docs again 
feels like burning...  and my head splitting &gt;.&lt; should I drink medicine ?  http://plurk.com/p/12bxe6
Feels like crap  &amp; doesnt know Y....
Feels like crap after having to tell the girls soccer team that I coach, that I won't be returning next season 
Feels like crap and doesnt want 2 be @ work 2day 
Feels Like Crap Right Now!  Summer Colds Are The Worse!
feels like crap.  going to sleep, hopefully tomorrow will be a better day.
feels like crap. hurts me so bad 
feels like crap... bring on the winter colds 
feels like crying everytime she hears Johnny Cash sing &quot;Hurt&quot; 
feels like crying that's how sick i feel 
Feels like crying. I'll be done with my kiddos in 2 1/2 days, my sister is graduating, andni feel old and fat 
feels like death this afternoon... think i had too much sleep 
feels like eating dim sum but i am all alone cant finish all 
Feels like everyone is going away for weekend except me! Boooooo 
Feels like family is getting closer. I like it. Ps. NEED FLOURRRR! I have an itch to bake something ... 
Feels like giving up... 
feels like going to sleep but can't until ive had a casmishfix....soooo tired now though  but gotta be a loyal minion.... duty calls lol
feels like he just got punched in the stomach. Not even sick. 
feels like her life is over cause her i.d is m.i.a. 
feels like he's dying! Sick 
feels like he's wasted so much time tonight... and perhaps in the last 10 years of his life  God... is my drinking ban over yet?
feels like hot chocolate with marshmellows... *sigh* we have no marshmellows... 
feels like hugging cousin and CRY OUT LOUD! 
Feels like I broke my thumb...  Still can't bend it or use it or touch it.. poor thumb
Feels like I dont have any friends. Cause if I did I wouldn't be this depressed.  
feels like i had a hard night out last night but just watched the chiefs get there arses kicked 
Feels like I have an ear infection....owwwwy 
feels like i havent been to any events in a while....even though, i was just at one today...but it rained, so it go cut short. 
feels like i haven't packed enough. i accomplished a lot in the bedroom today, but there's still a lot to go! 
feels like i lost my ability to bite and chew...  not loving these brackets 
Feels like Im coming down witb something 
Feels like im coughing up a lung, my chest hurts..i think im getting siick 
Feels like I'm dying  damn bloody nose
Feels like i'm getting a small pimple in my nose. Awh man 
Feels like I'm going to explode from all you can eat korean bbq 
feels like im gonna get sick soon. having sore throat now  and oh, i havent blogged
feels like im gonna throw up  that part food was evil &gt;=[
Feels like insomnia..aaaa... Hmmm I miss it too much 
Feels like it's been forever since I had my last blunt. 
feels like its friday. but its not 
Feels like I've been punched in the mouth. Hurts so bad. 
Feels like Mr Toad is sitting at the back of my throat, playing the bongos on my tonsils 
feels like poo so may not be up to moving today 
feels like putting off till tomorrow the things I should do today - work may get in the way though!! 
feels like she can't keep up and is being forgotten!  time for dreamland! nite
Feels like she's getting sick 
Feels like she's getting sick  Best not be the swine flu lol
Feels like she's missing in action. 
feels like she's never gonna finish this bl**dy module!! 
Feels like Shit 
feels like shit  imy.
feels like shit  x
Feels like shit &amp; has the worst headache 
Feels like shit and can't get any sleep  meh
feels like shit and dosnt like it at all......... 
feels like shit and misses someone 
feels like shit, and it's lame. 
Feels like shit. Wish I could feel better. 
Feels like such an ass for not just trusting her best friend and listening to that idiot woman! I'm superdy sorry. ILoveYouLotsh! 
feels like summer is already slipping away 
Feels like the invisible girl atm, tryin to get excited about Download festival but it's hard 
feels like the paint  is still wet  
Feels like this 
feels like want to hug my mom sooo tight! i'll miss her 
feels lonely because his friends in CdeO are having a great time...  http://plurk.com/p/x3tbz
feels lost with morning routine without Phineas and Ferb and Cheerios 
feels lost without her phone!  xx
Feels nice out this morning two loads of laundry done pick up the girls do reviews do sewing another BFN month 
feels no regrets this morning, oh wait yeah she does she hasn't revised for the science exam tomorrow 
feels not so well today ..  http://plurk.com/p/12eohv
feels not wanted 
feels oh so alone in the twitter world 
Feels party responsible about the trouble in Iran because his avatar still isn't green. 
feels poo. bad headache and daughter off sick. feel so guilty ringing work 
feels practically dead :| sooo rough!!! 
Feels propa shattered like 
feels quite down  crap day.
feels rabbash today  to watch all the jurassic parks i think!
feels realllllly sad  http://plurk.com/p/x48yx
feels really bad  http://plurk.com/p/x6jmv
feels really bad because I never looked at all of my replies  SORRY GUYS!
Feels really bad for ditching @indiecindy93 AGAIN! I'm sorry... 
Feels really bad for dom 
Feels really bad that future bro in law got his car stolen yesterday 
feels really bad that she has not seen or spoke to her siser all day and it is her birthday 
feels really drained  Hates working on a Saturday.
feels really mean today and I don't like it!  Left 2 negatives on ebay AND reported mailman to usps. Must do random act of kindness...
feels really sad and could use a good friend to rant to... 
feels really sick 
feels really sick and has cramps, stupid Twix! I only had one bar 
feels really sick and is in bed listening to @fightlikeapes 
feels really sick!!!!!!!!! 
feels really sick. 
feels really weird today. 
feels regret now. Shouldn't have promise to work  http://plurk.com/p/13xa7h
feels rely ill 
feels rubbish  stupid BBQ. In comfy dungarees looking like a right hillbilly =]
feels sad and lonely as hell.  I need some smile making items.
feels sad cause nobody is following me and knows i'm saying anything 
feels sad coz i have to leave my family again for 1 week...  http://plurk.com/p/12mopy
feels sad even though she really really REALLY shouldn't be 
feels sad for a friend.. it's all coming back to me.. sad.. 
feels sad for Madonna - she fell off a horse &amp; is hurt  Didn't that happen to Patrick Swayze? Is he ok now? Wonder if he's on Twitter!:..
feels sad for not being able to see David Cook at the SM Atrium later this afternoon!  SATURDAY, come here already!! (LOL) *can't wait*
feels sad n devestated tat one of his beloved hamsters died jus a moment ago.  :'-( (tears) http://plurk.com/p/xcv16
feels sad tonight. SOMEONE STOLE MY PHONE!  http://plurk.com/p/xekj9
feels sad. Omg you made me cry.  http://plurk.com/p/rrnyr
feels sad. TR Knight left Grey's Anatomy naaaaah  http://plurk.com/p/12b8wd
feels sad.. i wanna know why..  http://plurk.com/p/z2my4
feels sad... I think I'm not ready yet  http://plurk.com/p/11qaeq
feels Scared for no reason  http://plurk.com/p/13sccb
feels shitty 
Feels shitty! 
feels shocked! hearing one of her colleagues just past away.. he's too young.. *sigh*  life is too short.. ... http://plurk.com/p/z0tcq
Feels Sic Ate To Much Candy 
feels sick  and has to write a exam!!
feels sick  brush was well good tho
Feels sick  sore throat, stuffy nose. Headache. F/ck this changing weatherr &amp;i have to perform laterr for the asian pageant! Wtf! -____-'
feels sick and has to go to work 
feels sick and needs foood. i cant find my camera anywhere!  last night was good. lindsay's house is pretty ruined eek.
feels sick form eating so much pasta 
Feels sick from the full english my mum cooked this morning!!! i cant eat on a morning!!! 
feels sick to my stomach, hoping everything stays down 
feels sick, seriously, so ill 
feels sick.  I know it's not interesting but it's all I got.
Feels sick. Really cold, head ache, and very sleepy  
Feels sick. Shouldn't have drank on an empty stomach 
feels so bad  can't sleep... hopefully tomorrow's gonna be a good one... http://plurk.com/p/yy2vv
feels so damn unpretty   i can't believe i'm trippin
feels so down.  http://plurk.com/p/113114
feels so fat like a hippo fat need to work out a lot and eat healthy! insult to injury here im loosing followers down to 39 was at 45... 
feels so fucking ill rn. want to go home  homehome, not just my house.
feels so groggy, cried watching RENT*...now feeling a void 
feels so ill  eugh!
Feels so lonely (again). I've been erasing this feelings like for a bazillion times, but why it comes back again? 
feels so mean 
Feels so right to be beside her. Wish I could hold her. Gonna have to leave soon 
feels so sad at all the unwanted girls in india 
feels so shit...when am i gona be rid of this chest infection thing...its goin on 5 weeks now 
feels so sick @taylorrrr_ i hope im ok for later today 
Feels so sick after food now 
Feels so sickie and is about to get so many needles in my face  I just wanna watch the oc
feels so so so alone here in churchill  melbourne here i come, as soon as i can believe me!
Feels soo stressed..  hate that feeling!
feels sooo sleepy.. still 6 hours to go..  http://plurk.com/p/uiyus
feels soooo sick right now. All I really want to do is sleep but I can't 
feels sorry for Nate  and wishes she could help
feels sorry to gianty and kianty  :'( (tears) http://plurk.com/p/12o90d
feels strange not talking with him  http://plurk.com/p/z44k2
feels stupid for not knowing what TTYL means.  http://plurk.com/p/ts4d3
feels suddenly anxious and tense... bad sign... thi is a bad sign... 
feels super duper hungry, but there's no any food 
Feels terrible about just nuking Stay Puft. 
feels that she won't be able to go to school tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/11ws3q
feels tired because of hunger...  http://plurk.com/p/11baq1
feels under talented and like a super misfit 
feels underestimated 
feels uneasy without my star necklace. where is it?!?!? hope it's at home... 
feels veri sian wen &quot;this&quot; hpn agn...  http://plurk.com/p/11k7cg
feels very alone in a house full of kids - missing @garyniemi very much at the mo 
Feels very defeated right now from this sickness and really wants to cry. 
feels very diconeccted from reality my phone is broken 
feels very disappointed right now.  I screwed up setting my alarm.
feels very dis-respected 
feels very poorly 
feels very, very rough!  
feels worse than earlier! 
feels... like my heart just stopped. or maybe that was just the music... 
feet are killing me from a long day of work - not looking forward to tomorrow and sunday 
Feet are killing me. Walking with no trainers on is agony, poor poor feet 
feet are killing me. worked all day and am now moving furniture and other household heavy items.  no fun. I want sleep!
FEET ARE SOO SORE!!!! Wearing Heels For The Entire Day And Walking The ENTIRE Day Does No Good For The Feet 
Feet tired  fuck you heels, fuck you.
feet very slightly better. can now just about walk to the kitchen and back with a stick without crying. my life is so great 
feh i was planning to frame my autographed Martha Wainwright &quot;Bloody Mother F*cking *&amp;&amp;hole&quot; t-shirt. the signature has faded already 
fel absolutely awful 
felicia left  chillingggg. texttt.
Fell  skinned the crap out of my legs. Hurts pretty bad ^~Bama girl~^
fell absolutely shit 
Fell asleep . . . Really didn't mean too  *christina*
fell asleep a couple of times during vocal group today 
Fell asleep about thiry minutes before the movie ended  I need to see it! Bootleg anyone? lol
fell asleep and just woke up  sorry @unotreehugger
fell asleep around 12 awake at 3.  wish they'd make meds that'd numb the head and heart 
fell asleep at 10 with a migraine, now i'm up at 2:30 with a tummy cramp! jus take the good parts now and donate them to science 
fell asleep at 7:45AM and woke up at 1. It's now 5:30AM and I thought I'd be tired from todayyy 
fell asleep at 8 pm and then again at 3 am. might as well start my day right now. i miss my husband. 
fell asleep driving again 
fell asleep for 30 minutes today in English, watching 'Shakespearian love' haha Conni said she was guna poke me 
Fell asleep for about a minute before the coughing woke me up again. 
fell asleep fully clothed sitting staright up..didnt even wake up + notice til 6 am..had to be up @ 7 
fell asleep in bath. felt like a mermaid. tired   oh new phone in a few days 
Fell asleep in our datacenter today. Scared shizzless when someone went &quot;BOO!&quot; and interupted an unmemorable dream 
Fell asleep in the car, I didn't think I was that tired 
Fell asleep in the sauna  now my skin feels xtra dry! Nivea, take me away!!!!
fell asleep in yesterdays business due to download lack of sleep  hope it doesnt happen again today!
fell asleep on couch, now my neck hurts... 
Fell asleep on the couch at 4 when it was light... Now it's dark 
fell asleep on the couch downstairs. Awake now because I fell asleep on the couch downstairs  Time for bed.
fell asleep on zack's lap last night and missed all of Ponderland  then we slept on and off until almost 1pm today. &lt;3
Fell asleep quickstyle, woke up with the worst dream ever 
Fell asleep reading eclipse again... I'm never gonna finish this damn book 
Fell asleep right after my last tweet and now I'm awake because my dad's in the hospital 
fell asleep this afternoon. Studio construction seems to have gone on nicely without me. Birthday nap = expendability, I guess. 
fell asleep watching Man on Wire, but only cuz I wuz tired 
fell asleep watching the young ones woke up at 9.20pm , missed Britans got tallent  shit lol ahh well hangs on my own tonight  x
Fell asleep writing this paper, so finishing it...then going to hang out w/ @stephenagraham before he leaves 
Fell asleep. Woke up cuz my phoone rang. Now i cant go back to sleep. I need to start sleeping w/ my phone turned off. 
fell back asleep after the gym thus didn't get to go to whole foods, so no kombucha drink today 
fell down and scraped my knee 
fell down concrete steps after a crazy nite of partying... my hand is killing me, x-ray Monday, ughhhhh broken/fractured hand  SUX
fell down running to her room singing My LIps Like Sugar.  Owww. 
Fell down the stairs again this morning 
fell down the stairs and broke her shoe 
Fell down the stairs and can barely walk  
fell down the stairs and have a huge bruise on my butt 
fell down the stairs and hurt my arm 
Fell down the steps today. How very unglam. Had a deep gash on my knee that needed 6 stitches. Visited Paris hospital to get it done. 
Fell down yesterday and now my hand is bruised and it hurts 
Fell in love with a house yesterday.  Saw the price. Fell out of love. 
Fell in love with Bob Ellis' character from the very beginning. Too bad he only lasted for few scenes 
fell in love with this blouse last night but decided to sleep on it...sold this a.m....so sad.  http://tinyurl.com/o9swud
fell last night and now my fav jeans are dead  beasides i'm wounded 
fell off her sunlounger in the garden....bad times : fell off her sunlounger in the garden....bad times 
fell off my bike today from going too fast on a curve! scraped knee and hand  owwww
fell on the sidewalk in harvard square.  stupid cobblestones!  now my hand hurts 
fell on the sidewalk...ouch my poor hand 
fell over in estab last night and my head still hurts  hypochondria is making me fear internal bleeding haha
fell rough...time to sleep 
felling just a bit sick 
Felling sick. Went to a crazy party last night with an awesome dj and all the crazy lights and music made me dizzy and got a headache!   
Felling Unloved  and @atilita's house ...
fellow tweets. i just seen the love of my life. 
Felt a lil sad earlier. They've taken down the sign of my old store....making way for the new one 
felt car sick again, what is wrong with me  i am not a kid anymore
felt cowboyish in the morning. so, slathered some bay rum as aftershave. too sweet-smelling for my taste 
Felt crappy most of the day  Starting to feel better now, just submitted to ccbill, yay, www.nikkilovestrouble.com will be up soon!!
Felt fine last night...today not so much 
felt good that he ran 4 laps earlier at the park.  However, shortly thereafter, he stuffed his face with food.  
Felt like bakin a cake but didn't have all the ingredients 
Felt like crap today. Possibilities are &quot;hangover by osmosis&quot; or MSG poisoning? 
felt like crying watching Brother Bear 
Felt like looking nice today. Now i just feel embarrassed for being dressy. 
Felt Sad that DC did not win..I hate to see Priety Zinta win 
felt so nice sleeping in today.. much needed! not stoked i have to go to work for about 2 hours on a sat though 
felt the same way with the same time. i hope i can get over this easily 
felt very bad about the Air France Flight 
felton tá em quarto no mr. twitter universe 
fem-fATL mtg....my damn pic is still missing 
Fender is hiding under the couch ... he knows I'm getting ready to leave and he isn't happy about it 
Feria dont leavee  i want more rainy dayss hahah
Fernando when will i be able o come over im so bored not even funny 
Ferrari still not on good level to compete with the Brown Gp in Turkey 
Fever broke in the middle of the night, but its rising again 
Fever comes to me again 
fever doesn't want to go away  and i can't sleep...
fever drains the spunky personalities from my kids 
Fever Fever Go Away! Come again another day! Sneeezzzeee! Awwwww 
fever fever go away.. please don't come back another day.. burning up and cold @ the same time 
Fever is back to 102.  I feel like I'm dying.  
fever is gone, but my throat still hurts and the headache is still here...took the AM off, gotta go to work now 
Fever of 101.7  ugh
fever of 102+ going to the doctor  hope no pig flu please
Fever, cold, cough and sunburn 
fever. nose infection. throat infection. SAT tomorrow morning. FML! 
Fevering it up again.. 
Few things annoy me more than waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to go back to sleep. 
Few things are as hard as building up motivation to start working again after a MASSIVE system crash. 
Few things I don't like have happened -- ppl tailgating me, cyclists not on the BIKE trail, and old ppl eating ice cream in close range 
FF is getting crashed when I try to print an e-ticket in irctc  #Fail
ff# for @KCBOOKS @duckofalltrades @NTFFC @hopefulauthor @churchpunkmom all fun and engaging twitterers all for now, back to painkillers 
FFF MY REDSTEEL GAME IS LIKE FRIED GREAT, 
Fff need nice gaming mouse now! This shit's dying on me! 
Fff use end of that exam I screwed up so hard 
ffff. i wanna see Up. 
fffff haro stop rolling off my bed, please. it's not that uneven. 
FFFFF. What a terrible night 
ffffffffff. Someone stole my pen. 
fffuuu randoms spammers who follow me, now it's  uneven 
fffuuuuu- closed facebook by accident and lost my whole upload 
FFS @Hughesie NEEDS MOAR BANDWIDTH ON HTTP://SHAUNR.CO.CC ITS ALL RUNNED OUTTA BANDWIDTH!!! 
ffs not again ... please 
ffs this crappy chair seems unable to sit at 90degress, I'm forced to sit at some weird 70degree angle which is doing my back in  
FFS WTF is up with NSW tonight &gt;.&lt; this #Origin is a shocker and I have to go to work with 2 QLDers tomorrow... oh the shame 
FFS! GAWGE SHUT UP!  sorry 
FFS! of all the sites I carnt view on my iPhone,wld never of thought thinkgeek.com would b 1 of them! not happy,I wanted a new t shirt 
ffs, i can't seem to find a family in london who knows how to reply  getting so nervous about everything now, what if i don't find one?
ffs, I clicked back on my browser after writing most of an article in Wordpress, lost all of the work 
FFS.car wouldnt start. AGAIN. So I cant get to the doctors now   bad timesss
FFXIII Release on 2010???? 
fgs i really want a tan LOOOOOOL 
FGS I WANT TO PLAY SIMS 3. im so annoyed 
fhrjekdfnb where are youuuu? 
Fiancee's mother been taken ill, so we're both heading upto Birmingham to see the family until at least fri. 
fiascowines@missannajane was he a jandal wearer by any chance like @rjgoodchild? 
Fiber got cut so no Internet at home 
Field day is sad. No ribbons for me. 
field trip wont be the same without u lexi! cant wait for 2marrow alis on my bus still have to take the stupid inhaler at 2:30 
fifa09= crap a.i. how the hell am i mean to take a free kick with my own players standing infront of me!!!!! 
fifteen minutes. please let me graduate outside 
Fifth wheel and really bored.. What should i do? 
Fifthiethh tweet! xD  anyone fancy writing me a personal study essay? ;D 
Figgity fick f*ck! I just burnt the hell outta my finger 
fight prop 8.  #rejectprop8.
fightin a cold 
fighting a bit of a sore throat... 
Fighting a cold 
Fighting a horrible sinus infection!  Makes for very long conference calls...  
Fighting a loosing battle with weight gain  hopefully it's because I'm loosing fat!!
Fighting a losing battle with the evil known as insomnia 
Fighting a migraine. Going to bed soon. This is called stress/husband out of town. 
fighting a migraine... ugh! 
fighting again 
Fighting Dell....turns out they won't warranty Microsoft Vista....my computer is a week old and already a P.O.S.    
Fighting djb and ipv6 to build a package for Nexenta 
fighting early sunrise in aarhus 
fighting gives me a headache  bye idk if will be on tomorrow im scared will just fight more :'( http://plurk.com/p/rblxz
Fighting my way through the email mountain and the stuff I need to get done before work tomorrow 
Fighting off a bad cold   great time at Alisas thismorning....at network ten now about to check scripts for the news...
Fighting off a low lying hangover... so annoying 
fighting off a total depression about the lack of job opportunities in Academia.  
Fighting sleepiness on the weekend. The subject for today is totally not helping. I want my pillow  http://myloc.me/4BMX
Fighting tears as my mom and I talk about jr.  
fighting the compulsion best i can. cooking dinner. some random potato and chicken thing or something. Always run out of mushrooms  Always
Fighting the urge to sleep....while driving 
Fighting with a .fr domain registered with gandi and hosted on mosso/rackspace - Zonecheck probs 
fighting with a corrupt user profile in KDE 
fighting with fat girls.  They are so mean. Fuck it. Eat mcdonalds.
Fighting with my best friend 
fighting with my dumb ass best friends  it hurts really bad
Fighting with sify broadband to get my internet connection working .... currently living with dailup connection.. 
Fighting! If only they had twitter 
fights in Vegas the Saturday before I get there and the Saturday after I leave...should have made plans to go to one of them. 
Fignuts!!  I'm sick and have a fever again... wtf?  I was feeling great last night 
Figured I'd go for a bike ride because I have nothing to do 
Figured out my desktop is not working at all.  If it was it would be downloading my email.  So it's not just the monitor.  Repair shop. 
Figured out why I was such an irritated Tweeter last night. Coming down w/ something   Can't muster the will to sing, &quot;Fever!&quot;
Figures and rumours from North West and Yorkshire/Humber are making me nervous  Nice to see Greens polling so well in Manchester though.
Figures that my last sunday opening and bbc iplayer wont work 
Figures!!  I finally get some time and a storm rolls in.  My stay may be short lived.  
Figures, everyone's statuses indicate this was the best night of their lives, when it's one of the worsts nights of mine. 
Figures, I finish my Single Speed, then it rains for a week...  
Figures, I get my internet hooked up and FF is down 
Figures. Day off tomorrow and the forecast is calling for rain 
figuring out my new cell services is hard.  I feel old. Does anyone have a teenager they can lend me to explain how to use my cell?
figuring out our new taxes.... we are getting owned. 
Figuring out why me and my girlfriend broke up. 
Fiinnallly goiin to beddd ! Worrkk inn the morninngg  xo.
file2hd isn't working  want to rip new atl
Filing Bebe's nails. I'm still in pain today   headache's back. Will be a grouch all day, I'm sure  http://tinyurl.com/qgxszw
Filing for bankruptcy is so painful if you have been unorganized.  
filing unemployment again... 
Filipino food can be soooo boring to me 
filled up on sweet tea....now my tummy hurts..    *positive thought* I'm going to the mall with Jamie and Cadence tomorrow!!
filling out job app's....homework still needs 2 be done &amp;&amp; im hungry 
Filling out paperwork. 
filling up the tank in the audi is depressing with gas pricing going up 
film festival was good today kinda, minus the migrane 
Film of salt on phone this morning is vaguely icky reminder that I really did workout yest - and that I won't be doing it again til Sat 
Film three of Harry Potter marathon. I have to leave as i live in bloody Surrey. Little Whinging. Well, a fair amount of whinging. 
Filmed A State Of Grace's set with Bevan tonight. The sound was average  But good to see the boys again.
filming is now canceled. 
Filming over, didn't really enjoy it at all 
filming plans got pushed back  rain please dont come back til im done!
Filming today and got a little sunburnt 
films due in 4 minutes! #48hfp screenings begin Tuesday evening. Hubby's shown Thursday night....  I can't see it, review for midterm then
filter - where do we go from here (x-ecutioners remix) is amazing. i remember when i first heard it on power in LA - i was 18 n love 
Filthy dirty wrong Paris, I do not wish to see old men peeing outside my hotel 
FINA GET READY 4 SKOO...THATS WAT I DO AT NITE UNLIKE SOME OF U OTHA PPL...LMAO! I SO STILL WANA BLAST THIS INFO I GOT BUT I CANT 
Final CakeFest Schedule Announced! http://cakefest.org/talks #cakefest #cakephp Soooo wishing that I was there 
FINAL calculations of Bio UMS: 62/90 and 74/120 = total of 420 = B.. so if I got 31/45, I need 37/50 on each paper on Wesnesday...  
final day gettin assignments in...good times! think am guna fail....bad times 
Final day of G12. I wish it wasn't ending 
Final destination is hardcore scaring me 
Final exam week. 
final exams 
FINAL EXAMS start Wednesday.. and thank you to my friends who told me that they start next week.. ASSHOLES 
Final final is today.  Open book, open note, closed neighbor   Also, #supernatural toniht!
final for donahue tomorrow and I definitely don't have notes. golly  but at least I'm ready for english..
Final review of draft report happening at 6, then pulling a late one to make changes before I *try to* clean my hands of it. 14900 words 
Final show of #Alive '09 coming up.  Sad to see it go 
Final tabled the 70k nightly on stars. Out in 9nth to a brutal river. First was 12 k I got 1 
Final year project meetings ftw. Labs closing so the freshers can get examined ftl 
finallly got them damnn pictures uploaded!! tagging.. thenn running.. 
Finallly on my way home  I plan to sleep very long tmrw
finally @ home but i missed the movie 
finally @ home... 
Finally @ parents! Left yesterday, took 2 hours to get out of Vegas. Had major allergies! Was too tired to drive. Had to get a motel. 
finally 2 lecture notes are done. it took me more than 2 days to complete them. this is pretty bad 
Finally 21!and I'm sober 
Finally a break in proceedings. No tea however 
Finally a break in the clouds yesterday I used my telescope last night .. 3 days out of  2 months without some sort of rain. 
Finally a break. Preparing to close my store for remodeling but don't have a def date. Just my luck it will be FRI on ATL DREAM Game day 
Finally a hotel that didn't ding me $$$ for wireless access. Kudos to St. Regis, Aspen. I did just pay $40 to bring my luggage on United 
Finally a Tweeterrific update! It hasn't worked since I put iPhone 3.0 on my device.  back in business now.
Finally able to have a morning at home  someone drank my tea though 
Finally about to get my hair washed...I hate when my stylist is behind sched.  but I love how my hair comes out! 
Finally all done. Nieces and nephews can do a lot of damage when given admin access 
Finally an end to one of the longest, stressful, and saddest day of my car's life. 
Finally at home, watching the coverage of E3 on G4TV.  Some exciting stuff I already missed 
Finally at home...but alone 
Finally at laundromat. Crowded. Ugh.  
finally at lunch...work is horrible i just want to sit down and cry....and not go back!! 
finally at my hotel! 2 hrs of sleep and on my way to the set  grr im gonna be exhausted!
Finally at the hotel   Aah, coffee + family guy, then fucking sleeeep!
finally back from a very bad morning of chores  feel very unwell 2day  killin time by makin bracelets.
finally back from comedy show/AIDS benefit/hanging out with @kittylin 's kitten! 7 hour ride is over and ended with a 7/11 hotdog 
Finally back from vacation  one cool thing though. There is a new Rob Thomas cd out today!
Finally back from vacation. . . it was raining in Florida the whole time 
Finally back home! Still feel sick from what I ate today.  Oh well, I've learned what to do differently next time.
finally back home, but shivering (tho burning up)... google says it might be sunstroke. sob. if this is my final tweet, remember me well. 
Finally back in the desert....unpacking is no fun. Neither is a sun burn 
finally back on the road! Last stop of tour  Richmond, Indiana be ready
Finally back on this yay! lol.. wtf i can't follow JULIA 
Finally back to kayla's with kay lake and shelby ! .. Interesting night ! I hate being the only one awake ! 
Finally back to Twitter. My iPhone app died, had to get a new one. If you did anything exciting in the last few days I missed it 
Finally back@ hotel;2 rt 3,Como Av,buses never came so bus was full when it did.Was planning to go out in Mpls tonite but still raining. 
Finally bed!!! But not for long enough 
finally bought halo 3, wanted to pwn n00bs. put disc in xbox, nudged it while spinning up, disc scratched, no haloz for me  fml
Finally Bought my @alexpardee book &quot;Awful Homesick&quot; to bad I didn't buy it from zero friends  not autographed.. ugh.
Finally can reach the pejaten village mall... Gosshhhh!!!! So FAR!!!! 
Finally caught up on my sleep. I barely woke up 30 min ago. Now I have to get ready for work...again. 
Finally cleaned and saved my Camel-Bak with &quot;the original Cleaning an drying Kit&quot; + &quot;original cleaning tablets&quot; =&gt; EXPENSIVE AS HELL 
finally crashin out, @REDHAWKCASINO In norcal was good times first visit there highly recommended but sorry ivey no crap tables yo 
Finally created a logo for manleu golf site, still looks amateur though (n). I miss Laura 
Finally decided for Twitterrific! In my opinion the best Twitterapp! Still writin' Soo tired! Wanna go 2 bed, but i cant 
Finally decided which alt to level next! Xelroth, my main from BC http://taintedreamz.net/carpetride.jpg  PS- it's 5:25am &amp; I can't sleep 
Finally departing  shuda went over to hypes earlier, it was fun! Bye bye LA, see you soon! x
Finally did my hair!  Anyways, today's another day! Have to finish up my art project or I'll fail the exam by the end of the year!  Go!
Finally done now to wait for iMovie to export it... 17 minutes remaining 
finally done packing and i just found out my flight tomorro is a f'n small plane  wtf kind of stuff is that, i already hate flying
FINALLY done uploading all my pics. Now I don't even feel like formatting them into a ADIML post.  Maybe later.
finally done w/ yard work. i hate it soooooooo much!  but its done...for now....;)
finally done wih all coursework! but have exams to get over with...before summer starts 
Finally done with all my homework. H1N1 in High School? I heard it from my busmates and classmates. ... 
finally done with die falsche agentin. yeah, it took me like...2 and a half hours. i fail  lol
Finally done with my accounting test... now for 4 hours of sleep then 2 classes and trying to figure out what to do with Gunn. 
finally done with my first period of my first course, papers turned in, not a fun weekend to wrap up hwork cuz i missed some grad parties 
Finally done with my requirements!!! So sleepy already. Don't think I can study for the questioning anymore 
Finally done with the graduation! Also I think that the shoes that I borrowed from my mother gave me blisters 
Finally done with the groceries. Lysol Crisp Berry Scent isn't available 
Finally dragged myself out of bed. An still annoyingly bunged up with cold, and weather is irratatingly warm again. Not good 
finally dragging myself away from the computater to get ready for work.  bleh  The sun came out   I already miss the smell of rain.
Finally eating unagi I've been saving up for a while! +udon :] AGH I just realized the band playing at Bear Garden today is one I like! 
finally eatting a full meal....still feelin sick tho 
Finally extended the problematic scene, not that any bugger will ever get to read it!!!     
Finally feels like a nice summer day, and I'm feeling sick 
finally fell asleep and not I'm awake again...with a headache 
finally fell for the tweeting hype  FML.
Finally figured out how to access the internet on my Nintendo DSi. That took forever and it was so easy 
Finally figured out how to make Roller coaster tycoon HQ. but it's small 
finally figured out what my password was, haven't been here for months 
finally finished adding the &quot;cool&quot; stuff to my project now i'm just finishing up final editing  uhhh editing it a real B&amp;%$#
finally finished all 10seasons of friends. eyes hurt from the crying 
Finally finished all my prep for tomorrow as well as my usual tasks, baking lemon cake at 1.00am never a good move 
finally finished art stuff, but i dont have time to watch a movie 
finally finished assignment 1 task3 lol wooop 7 p;ages later :O. Mums watching springwatch funfunfun lol college tomorrow  tired now  xx
Finally finished blogging, whew! Hangin' w/my hubby. T-storms in the forecast early morning. Might be on the trainer instead of grp ride. 
finally finished cutting out invitations now I can relax and enjoy what is left of my Sunday afternoon before going back to work tomoz 
FINALLY finished it! it feels as if a tiny weight has just been lifted off my shoulders. one down two to go 
finally finished my stress speech! now i wish i dont get nervious! one homework down! 5 to go!  noOO!
Finally finished packing. sigh. I don't want to go 
Finally finished Prison Break... awww... Why does Michael have to die? 
finally finished reformatting old computer... it took forever. 
finally finished typing!!!! Woohoooo  , still need to add graphs though 
Finally finished work &amp; was happy to be going home until I realised CC was tweeting earlier while I froze my butt off 
Finally fixed the bloody internet at my parent's farm in India...another router fried by the power surges on the Indian grid!!! 
finally forcing myself to go to the gym...its been a while, and you can tell 
Finally found my car! Had to call a friend to drive me around. Panic attack over. Baaad ADD day 
finally found out about the new album 
Finally found out why twitter doesn't work. Wrong cell company 
Finally found problem with two songs;.whew! Collaborating is good if someone admits there's a problem;  hate it had to be me 
Finally found the cinema. Took much longer than it should have. Missed screening. An hour till the next one. 
Finally free from the craziness of bbb... I wish i didnt have to go back in 8 hours 
Finally gathered the courage to UnZip my songs archive (~6GB) on office comp. Some songs got deleted by mistake  The Music Begins.
Finally gave in and got a twitter account.  Im so disappointed in myself.  
Finally get eight hours of sleep and have woken up with a cold, sniffles n all  poo to you world, poo to you!
Finally get to pick up my puter from the apple doc but they had to wipe it out and I didn't back up anything  7000 songs gone!
finally getting back to work, having a coffee in one hand and have to deal with some e-mails  
Finally getting my new pc up and running, course I'm going away this weekend so no Aion Beta or GW   Yay Alton Towers though \o/
FINALLY getting my unemployment stuff straight.. Only took two months 
Finally going to bed. I prob wont even be awake when i officially turn 15 @ 7:31 
finally going to bed...*YAWN* Hollace's room and crib is alllll put together! Now she really has to sleep in there.... 
Finally going to bed...another all nighter...have to wake up in two hours for class 
Finally going to leave. Good riddance. Too bad I have to come back. 
Finally going to sleep. Dang homework. Still not done. 
finally going to sleep. ugh, i have such terrible sleeping habits 
Finally good music. No one to dance with 
Finally good weather.  Motorcyle getting fixed mower is down.  Not sure what to do? 
Finally got 2 our hotel after 3 am... W/ no luggage.  Where is it?? I'm seriously thinking we are cursed this trip.
finally got 2 watch only bit of asylum I was interested in. Jensen talking about his Dog. I miss our dog.   one day I shall have my own!
Finally got a few mins to go on ps3 and having to wait for updates for it!!!! 
Finally got a license.... but I won't have a car or phone for a while.  FML 
Finally got a new car!!! can't drive it yet though 
Finally got a prom dress! Had a great day with Beth and her mom - and great night seeing Natalie again! Woke up with strep throat though 
Finally got a second battery for my Canon 5D Mark II. Why are Batteries so hard to get   #photog
FINALLY got confirmation that my new iPhone shipped.. but it won't be here until Monday 
Finally got dressed now im off to work on such a beautiful day 
finally got Guitar Hero: Metallica  but I might be too exhausted to play 
finally got him up. he sounds so sleepy 
Finally got home and it was a blast! David sounded great. My video-taking was futile--the angle totally sucked so I stopped during Crush. 
finally got home and peed. had to pee since i left prom. i predict a very unfortunate future for my bladder 
finally got home from a day at the office -- and a migraine starts. 
finally got home. ohhh my aching feet!  but am happy to finally watch the giro!!!
Finally got MSN IM to let me sign on for the first time in forever. No Bri though  So sad.
Finally got my Bbycks order and they sent me the wrong stuff ;s so i have to send it back 
Finally got my copy of &quot;GhostBuster&quot; and my luck Xbox is down..... 
finally got my fone back working it locked me out 
Finally got my hands on limited Fate to Fatal -Breeders EP. Just have to wait for it in the mail 
Finally got my laptop back....minus the 600 new songs I downloaded 
Finally got my little guy to bed.  That only took 2 hours.   Hope he feels better tomorrow.
Finally got my new iPhone activated!!! Yay. Too bad I prob can't get the new one now 
finally got my picture to show up! my baby's sick 
Finally got my stupid english book ugh. Got my window fixed too. But it looks retarded because its not tinted  poor baby
Finally got on the damn bus... So tired. Talked to mom before she is very concerned about my Sis  I do too ...
Finally got rested after two hectic wedding weeks. Yet still feeling drowsy and weak. Hope I don't get any flu. 
Finally got round to listing my beloved 35mm SLR -&gt; http://cli.gs/71UX8E  Not sure if I'm happy about this...! 
finally got some sleep but I woke up, and she's still gone 
finally got the bikinis that i ordered online. damn yellow vintage bikini is too big on me. 
finally got the nerve to call her ex shes sooo pathetic her heart was going so fast she was ready to surrender and yet he didnt answer. 
FINALLY GOT THE SIMS 3 OMIGOD too bad the boyfriend is hogging it right now 
finally got the stitches removed from son's forehead.. did not hurt him.. sure did hurt me 
Finally got the van door shut. Found out it will be anywhere between 1,500 and $3000 to fix.   
Finally got to see my lil niece! Then I had to say bye!  my sister ended up showing up! It's been so long since we've seen each other!
Finally got to see the series finale of Scrubs...Loved it!!! Really gonna miss that show.  
finally got to steves joint after driving halfway there and remembering my fone on my bedside table.. fkngreat  done it TWICE this week!
finally got to the city. . Stepped out of the train and its pissing down rain 
Finally got to the ticketing system.  $2,000 worth of tickets for the tourists, zero for me.  
Finally got to wash my hair! I feel much better now, but I gotta dry it ... Effffffort. 
finally got twitter. And is coughing so much she may be sick  x
Finally got un-lazy and called at&amp;t to get my new BB. That means a new pin # 
finally got unpacked, only took me four days! trying to get my back in golf shape for tomorrow.... questionnable 
Finally has all of Trading Yesterdays Music on my ipod. I've been hunting them down...their not on itunes.  I love you David.
Finally has her french toast. Its good, but after waiting so long I don't know that I wanted it anymore 
finally has his vehicle stickers....2 hours later 
finally have internet and cable NO POWER!  
finally having dinner at the Hyatt, but jetlagged n fallin' asleep! i love indonesia - shops actually open till 10pm unlike London 
Finally headed home! Now is when I wished we lived in town... Long drive out in country 
Finally heading home from schreiber.. Ugh.. Such a tiring day.    http://myloc.me/447L
Finally heading home. Virgins cancelled tonight 
finally heading to bed;;gotta work at 8 
Finally heard back from the HRP. Not lookin good. 
Finally here in Missouri! I love it here! Jess is here. Sadly she won't be here the first week! 
finally he's down! &amp; thanks mum, don't invite me to your engagement party 
finally home 
finally home ! im dying 
Finally home after a great weekend with the girls minus susu    love u
Finally home after a long hard day. The best part is I have to be back up in 6 hours 
Finally home after a trip back from good ol' ABQ!! What the hell happen I don't really now but I'm ok!!  
Finally home after a trip to Houston. I don't like it there. And I hated that I didn't get to talk to Chris all day. 
finally home and all but miss my mommy and daddy all ready 
finally home and enjoying the rest of my day. Azongo and I are having a smoke-fest! woot! #mmot miss my @MorganLeigh321 
finally home buh gotta go ta werk at 8  damn
Finally home but with no luggage  Traveling should not b this difficult.. I jus dnt understand y people have nasty tudes.. Aaaaah!
Finally home from a long day at work. Only a few hours til I start another long day at work... that I volunteered for... on Iphone Friday 
finally home from everything. tired 
Finally home from my sisters and I'm so tired 
Finally home from worrrrk. It never rained, I was sad 
Finally home jus left my boo and I miss him already  off to bed gotta work 2morrow twits goodnight
finally home thx 2 @cubbyreza cuz my F**kin mother forgot 2 pick me up! Gnite gotta get up @ 5 
finally home time. shame it is not a wet night 
Finally home with @Ashleynycole in one peace. i love everyone who put up with me today. Im really sorry. GOODNIGHT. Camp in a few 
finally home! 12 books = 9 bucks. and i got a new iphone... resyncing everything is a bitch 
Finally home! But I'm extra sickk  ...but a pretty sweeet ride back. Whatever..goodnight
Finally home! Gotta go to work tomorrow 
Finally home! I have mosquito bites now 
FINALLY home! My feet are so soreee 
finally home! no kiki wasnt jealous  lol its still cold
Finally home!! Everybody have fun at the boat ride for me!!! 
Finally home!! It sucked my friend canceled the bonfire. Still sad and angry and semi tipsy 
FINALLY home, and about to sleep. It smells of Keiths Pizza lol. Fawwwk, work tomorrow. So depressing thinking about that place. 
Finally home, apparently the upstairs AC unit died while I was gone. My bedroom was 101 degrees at midnight. Got it down to 98 
Finally home, had to bum a ride because I lost the keys to my jeep 
finally home, its FREEZING outside today, rainy, gloomy &amp; I have to go to a graduation ceremony today  today has not been a good day..
Finally home. Can't sleep, but gotta work at 8:30am. 
Finally home. Doggies are doing well. Thanks Car and Kev. I have a fever.  Start work tomorrow! eeek.
finally home. feeling good today! watched the babies in Faustão, they were gorgeous. I mean, they ARE gorgeous. will miss them 
Finally home. Got homework this weekend  but only 1 more week of school!!!
Finally home. I don't think I've ever been so tired on a Friday 
Finally home. So sad 
finally home. watching @danecook on kimmel and going to bed (sans chihuahua  )
Finally home.. Had fun in vegas but was starting to get home sick  ... Thanks for good times @gonzales_05 @lydiaatthedisco
Finally Home.. Rethinking the stairs at the moment. They are still a killer oh well... 
Finally home.. still not feeling too well  but excited that TWC tech fixed my Internet. That guy is awesome. I feel a little better now
Finally home... Now watch... I won't be able to sleep  sucks... Even tho I'm tired.
Finally home... so tired from a stressful and clammy day!  What are other people up to tonight?
finally home.... i wanted ihop, but no one would go with me 
finally home...about to cozy up on the couch, read a book and try not to think of him sooo much! 
finally homeee 
finally hungry but can't go down to make food cos there's about to be 15 screaming kids in my house for 3 hours. and 8 staying over 
finally i get OmniFocus syncing to work again, not having that app hurts 
Finally I got my mob back in my hand. Lost 2K for repairing. I feel that person cheated me 
Finally i have finished Chapter 4   Now, Chapter 5 
finally i have received my zipper wirstlet and i haven't mail out the money yet to the blogshop as i mailed wrongly 
finally i heard your voice 
finally i learned to dance Hoedown Throwdown ......... now going to sleep tomorrow school and junior!!!  
Finally i was dreaming something and my brother woke me up 
finally I'm back home, now time to get back to work on the design project 
FINALLY IM BACKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!! =D and with bad news  R.I.P. Don To~o...
finally in bed. had to walk the dog in the rain tonite bleh 
finally in leicester. too bad no one is here yet 
finally in my own bed. time for some Z's! wish I coulda stayed at corey's 
Finally in th car. No more internet   DM me
Finally in WA. I wish Iron Man 2 was coming out this summer 
finally installed the new nokia N96 firmware. So far so good, except no more iPlayer and the media button 
Finally installed windows xp on an old laptop. Downloaded KO, and still unable to run the program 
finally it is time to go home, but first I will have to sit in traffic!! 
finally just saw Forest gump for the first time ever!!! Think im gonna cry 
Finally just sucking it up and giving my express jeans away. I love them... They're just so big.  bye jeans! I love you!
finally knocking out. its been a weird few days...the weather? i think an earthquake is coming. MARK MY WORDS!  now I'm scared...oooohhhh.
finally know who the hot guy is, I saw a couple of weeks before. He told he had a boyfriend... xD Those things only happen to me!!! 
finally leaving the hospital in one piece...but not my car 
finally leaving the hospital...broke the tip of my finger at work 
finally leaving work..   
Finally leaving...hungry 
Finally like wearing my freakin glasses BUWHAHAHA!!! So jealous of her! Grr does her eyes have to this BIG?!?!? 
FINALLY MADE IT TO KAT'S 18TH but missed my part 
Finally made it to Plymouth, but just this weekend I'd rather be at the festival in Middlewich still. Up for work in 5 hours 
Finally made it to the gym! Haven't been here in so long! Shameful. 
finally making my way onto the laptop.. been too busy to tweet all day 
finally making our way downstairs to band room..long day..and it seems like there is never enough time to do anything 
finally making that doctor apt. for my knee... 
finally making that doctor apt. for my knew... 
finally managed to restore my account! What a dumbo, deleting it by accident like that. Twitter and I don't mesh.  
Finally met best friend's fiance. 
Finally motivated myself and got my chest of drawers for bedroom put together. Phew - knackered now! Hand is wrecked from my screwdriver 
Finally moving all my scrapping kits over to my laptop after like a year .. and it's taking FOREVER!  
Finally moving. Looks like it must have been a bad motorcycle accident 
finally not internet deprived anymore. at the library. i miss my laptop 
finally off to bed almost everything is packed gotta be up in about 6 hours to get ready for a double shift of work  
Finally off work ahh! The sun is in my  eyes 
finally off work.. my phone is almost dead, charger is at Colton's! 
Finally on here! My twitter page has been broken   HOT day 2day!! Been to the beach and now sunbathing out back with Dewi. School 2moz !
finally on my day off and I got a freakin HeAdAcHe!! I wish my love was off so she can make me feel better 
FINALLY ON MY WAY BACK TO THE A.....UGHHHH 
Finally on my way home 
finally on my way home! im exhausted &amp; my feet hurt 
FINALLY on my way to Nova.  I'm moving so slowly today.
Finally on the bus. Sleepy time. Im hungry 
Finally on the damn plane. Fucked over by the exit door  not as much leg room.
finally on the ox tube home,delayed as holiday quest for cash continues as none of notting hill atms seem to want to give me cash either 
Finally on the road again with another truck but no minivan! Sob sob 
Finally on twitter. This is my first twittering and it's not as fun as I expected 
Finally opened my violin case after a week and a half. Too much going on with the end of school to even think about playing. 
finally out of bed after being sick for nearly four days 
Finally out of bed. Good morning all. Twitter VERY slow this morning 
FINALLY out of Italian Consulate and I'm wicked tired. Someone teleport me home. Missed IMAN's soiree though   Waaaa
Finally out of my lecture... weren't that bad, anywhooo back to this assignment. 
finally out of that god forsaken parking lot...  i have to pee SO bad!  
finally outta work.. shitty night all around 
Finally playing Assassins Creed. To be honest I am disappointed by the sword play 
Finally put in the AC.... but it doesn't reach to my bedroom. 
Finally ran a mile. Don't know my time, though 
finally ran out of gas after half a year, but right in the middle of cooking! 
Finally reached abode..after d tedious journey...   ..got tanned like hell...temp is arnd 40 C in Rishikesh..nd on d top of dat got  ...
Finally reached ann's school. Crazy. Photoshoot got canceled. How to shoot when only 2 host are present? 
Finally reached Penang this morning. Luggages got lost and it wasnt a plasent day at all... I am tired... 
Finally ready for bed.  I absolutely adore my family!  Gonna hate leaving in the morning 
finally receiving texts again... if anything happened yesterday...I missed it 
FINALLY registered for my summer class. Since I'm paying out of pocket (again) I can't do any shopping in June &amp; July  That suxx
Finally reinstalling windows 7 64bit, taking a while though - think my disc drive is a bit dodgy 
finally relaxes and remembers he still has stuff to do 
Finally relaxin with my sweetheart..back to work tomorrow 
Finally reunited with my Hunny bunny@tarzan_0802 I have him for a few days b4 he leaves me again for another week away @ work  night!
finally saw Revolutionary Road. What a depressing movie!! 
Finally saw Star Trek last night-casting great, FX over the top,  but story sucked as great as a red matter singularity. Its a cartoon.  
Finally settled in Mass......I really miss NYC!  
finally she texted me back!! me and sophie are going to laker game tomorrow! but im broke now! shit cost too much 
Finally shipped my computer off 
Finally signed myself up to www.rucku.com unfortunately missed out on the signed Lions shirt 
Finally signed up for Audible (after innumerable podcast ads) only to find that it's not compatible with my player.  Good going, Audible! 
finally single...... so sick of douche bags don't dare ever punch me. why am i still crying?? 
Finally sitting down at the computer for a nights worth of work.  Yard sale + Domestication kept me BUSY all day.  Now I'm really behind. 
finally sitting down to watch lauren's last Hills and the Duel 2...but i still should be doing homework 
Finally sleep. Me and gene have to sleep in different rooms   beach tomorrow!
Finally sobering up, feel dizzy as hell though. I wish Mat was here right now 
FINALLY something worked for me today!! YAY!!  Back to work 
Finally spoke to Cornish Rex rescue group, after 3 months of tag. Not likely to find the cats a home, but might name a kitten after me 
Finally started raining!  Will have to get bike's seat cover changed  Perfect time to listen to a Miya ki Malhar by Ustaad Hamid Ali Khan
Finally started studyin tnx to nyabwire!!skool in the mornin 
Finally started this damn trip to Kentucky. I'm gonna miss Texas. 
Finally starting this shit... 
Finally starting to feel better &amp; managing pain.  Now I have to figure out how to survive finals in 1 week having missed a week of class 
Finally sucked it up and went to the Dentist. I was hoping for a filling, but came home one tooth lighter 
finally summer but now have nothing to do 
Finally summer is here...90 degrees and sunny-where am I? Inside. My laptop battery is dying *sob* so I have to plug in 
Finally Summer vacation! I will miss all mi bestie in da whole world  It's just 3 mon. but I still miss them. It's been 2 day allready!ILY
Finally sunny days and I'm too sick to go outside and play. 
Finally sunny Sunday, but need to work in the morning 
Finally the end to a long ass day I'm headed to bed then up at 5am to be to work for 6 blah!  gnite everyone
finally the kittens r in mi room :-D if only Emma stopped meowing every 3 minutes when i walk in the room 
finally the power came back on! sitten here bored. 
Finally thru and waiting to board the plane. Man I'm runnin off of like 2 hours sleep  holdin off on coffee till we land.
Finally time to eat then relax. Maybe even read     It's inevitable that someone'll screw it up for me 
Finally took my (other) computer to Best Buy...they're going to keep it for a couple of days! 
finally took my beehive down  we shall meet again someday ^o) (L)
Finally took my Bonnaroo wristband off 
finally up...good times last night...one more wknd left at aqua 
finally updated my phone but it's not jailbbroken and more 
Finally used that UAT temporary tattoo from dc15: &quot;Geekalicious&quot; applied to my hard shell laptop cover. Don't think it will stay 
finally washed my hair. this was a good idea. mental note......dont leave it for a week. i can be festy at times 
finally watched da Prison Break Final Episode &amp; is OFFICIALLY DEPRESSED...sum1 shoulda warned me. 
finally watched The Hills finale thingy. justin bobby looked like a bear 
FINALLY watched the season finale of grey's anatomy! but man what will next season bring?? 
Finally watched the season finale of Ugly Betty. Now I'm too depressed to function 
Finally watching &quot;drag me to hell&quot; with my lil' sist(poor me! My lil' sist even has watch it twice!!) 
finally watching Jon &amp; Kate! 
Finally watching last nights Dollhouse with @De_nice82...shes feeling sicky though  pray for her sick gall bladder!
FINALLY watching the Jon&amp;Kate Plus 8 premiere.  It makes me heart hurt!  I want them to take a break from tv &amp; get couples therapy 
FINALLY watching the new X-Files movie. I never got to last summer  BUT I GET MY MULDER NOW YES I DO
finally watching the Pushing Daisies episode from Saturday night that we missed b/c the local ABC station pre-empted it 
FINALLY watching True Blood. i'm such a slacker. don't feel shame for me @RU_it_girl 
finally watchn &quot;Nacho Libre&quot; on cartoon network! wish I was @ hot97 summer jam in nyc tho 
finally went out. kind of lame but we made it fun. ouch paper time 
finally went shopping. spent $20; bought a top from papaya &amp; a bolero for grad. &amp; casual clothing. I wanted to buy fancy-looking sandals 
Finally woke up 
FINALLY woke up feeling semi-normal! Ahhhhh! Everytime I am sick I say I won't take health for granted again....but then I do. 
Finally! Deutsch final went well. My next final is next week...finance!! I cant wait for the summer! 
Finally! Getting the snow tires off my car and brand new summer tires. Shame it's raining 
finally! summers here... but someones not.  could you just realize it already??!!
finally! updated...oohh I sooo miss the internet {sorry to say that woop2x may not open apr.10}  so how's it goin'??
Finally, I found my old flickr ID. 
Finally, I made it to work, she just got finished talkin about her drinkin prob. &amp; how her childs father called Child prot service on her 
Finally, I wont to do anything, I'm not well at all  My mum gave me her gastroenteritis virus 
Finally, June is here! 13dayys till My 19th Birthday! Can't wait... Testing tomorrow (maybe).  
Finally, sendmail works.  My TWC IP range for outgoing SMTP traffic to major IPSs does not.    Good thing it is only for practice.
Finally. Can't live without MSN 
Finally. My updates are turned on. It's taken about 3hrs 
Finallyyy done at work! Only 2 nights left! I feel like i am going to puke 
finallyyyy..after and 2 hours 
finals  shoot me now
finals 2marrow. 
finals all weeek. 
finals are almost over  one more to go! 
Finals at school all this week  I'm gonna go crazy.
finals blow!! 
finals for school are getting on my nerves im going to miss the phillies game today because i have to study 
Finals in a couple hours ugh  really not ready for this
Finals in Math, History, and my elective (Theater Prod.) tomorrow.  Studying my azz off right now..haha
Finals in tillays class  grrr.
finals start  tomorrow 
Finals start next period. 
finals start tomorow. grr.. gotta do good to graduate. hardly studied 
finals start tomorrow 
finals this week 
finals this week. 
Finals today 
finals tomorrow and tuesdayyyy  then school weds and SUMMAHHH
finals until 11  wish me luck!
Finals week... Which means hardcore studying 
finals!!!!!!!!  stupid skool shuld b ova by now 
finals. 
finals... 
finals: done. now must wait for grades... amazingly fun night. feet hurt from heels  exhausted. need rest for a full day of packing. night
finaly home from school but now i have to do homework  but at least i can listen to music now lol
Finaly Home From School, It Was Soo Hot In School, Glad Im Home Now But Still Another 7Weeks Till Summer  x
finance is tricky as. 
Financial accounting exam -TODAY  last day at the canadian association of magicians convention...
Find out how much you should be paid.   The 2009 AIGA|Aquent Survey of Design Salaries is now available online! http://ow.ly/edG7
Find out tomorrow if I still have a job... What will I do? Sleepless night ahead 
find out ur ecological footprint @ http://www.ecofoot.org/ --mine said it'd take 3.2 earths to support my lifestyle if every1 was like me 
Find your congressman/woman on Twitter: http://tweetcongress.org/ Republicans outnumber Democrats 2:1. 
Finding an apartment is not easy... I don't wanna be homeless 
Finding it hard to concentrate this afternoon  #fb
Finding it hard to concentrate. Not good, need to get it done 
Finding it hard to get back on track after the marathon presentation work... 
Finding it hard to get going this morning..Mondays are always quiet. Not a food day to start my new eat well/keep fit campaign 
Finding it much more difficult to knit with sock weight yarn.  But, @danidocrafty's color is beautiful! So I will press on!
finding it really hard to use twitter 
finding it tough to do school work/planning/marking, as having been ill most of easter i'll get hardly anything i need to do done 
Finding myself to be xtra moody and dramatic today. Feeling like &quot;im solo when I roam im better off alone&quot; today 
Finding myself working again on what is supposed to be my day off. 
Finding Nemo is actually a sad movie!.. 
finding Poisson's ratio and young's modulus for stainless steel.  tough luck.
Finding small MOQ quality packaging in the uk is bloomin hard 
Finding some really awesome photography stuff... so sad that work is creaping up on me... 
Finding some shade in sunny San Diego for Mother's Day. My Mommy was working though   http://yfrog.com/e5bpaj
finding something to do and eat..so hungry and bored!! 
Finding that definitely made me feel more sad. 
Finding to do things around ur house can b bored!! when everybody sleep 
Finding too many MS Office 2007's software bugs in first 1 hour of use 
finding ways to go out. 
Finding work clothes and headed to book. Feel like one of my favorite things has been ruined 
finds following a few of her favorite commedians a little depressing. Especially when they rub in the fact that they have money now. 
Finds her mom rly annoying. I need to detox and do an H2O day. My skin is shitting. 
finds it very annoying having a cold, when its lovely weather outside 
Finds Mr. Charmings charm is the highest when he's bored! 
finds solace in tears... 
Finds twitter really wierd, nowhere near as good as facebook 
fine fine fine, i miss you 
FINE IM GOING TO BED 
Fine is paid!! Cost me �2.50!!  Cheap lunch for me so!! Damn, i'm hungry already!! 
Fine miss her and not me  Lmao
FINE, be that way 
fine, i give in, docs again today. not being able to breath this morning made me think i should. hate docs 
fine, ill get myself some miso soup down the street 
Fine. How about fuck you guys, I'm going live anyway....please come!  http://www.blogtv.com/people/mightbemarissa
Fine. My parents are forcing me to watch the parade...  Oh well...
Finely getting over my beloved Bulls bowing out of the playoffs ...oh well like any chicagoan will know...wait till next year 
F-ING LATE NAP YESTERDAY ... RAWR. My sleep schedule is so out of whack. Been trying to sleep for four hours now. Status: Finally sleepy. 
f-ing pj and charging me long distance. 
Finger bleeding just now.  http://plurk.com/p/12n2ga
finger cramppppppp! ow!! 
finger is hurtin  x
finger seems ok... hard to bend but im sure thats cause its swollen, knee is bumpy and bruised, nothing new for me  --- sigh one day!!!
Fingerpainting ROCKS!  Lukas really got into it too.  Surprisingly, he did not try to eat the paint.  But, he did try to drink paint H2O 
fingers are soo torn up i actually cannot play any more guitar tonight 
Fingers missing up again 
fingers still broked  yesterday wasn't just a bad dream!
Fingertip came off a little bit. Might take a little bit longer now 
Fini for today thk god what a mare :-s subnettin is awful 
finish and i still cry after read the book 
Finish eatin dinner now Headin 2 D Airport 
Finish folder? Check. Communications skill? Check. Vingettes and presentation?  Ahhhh, hmmmm, errm......bollocks 
finish lunch now i´m resting cause next I have bio class 
Finish textiles exam, 2 more modules leftt now  x
finish watching the tonight show. I cant believe he is leaving.  then off to bed. Tired.
Finishd eating, gng shopping monday for some sunnies. Some dog just peed on my converse 
FINISHED  Harry Potter + The Order of the Pheonix next... - Not looking forward to it. I love Sirius  http://tumblr.com/xfa22oua6
Finished &quot;Loot&quot; bags for party  Wish you could come my guitar role model 
Finished 1 Exam 2day 2 more to go 
Finished 12 out the money in the $55 1 A+R on stars, played far too aggressive trying to build monster stack approaching bubble  x x
Finished 1st leg of trip! Landed in Miami. Lightning and thunderstorms holding us up on runway 
Finished 50 miles with hill repeats, 3rd hard day in a row, the legs are dead 
Finished 5th in Eurovision, hmm quite respectable. Well, it makes a nice change from &quot;nill points&quot; I guess.. and poor Dita Von Teese 
finished 6 episodes! How can i get up early to go to the examination on time today? really don't wannna participate in this exam 
finished a whole box of ice cream 
Finished a Winged Creatures screencap post for JEH Fans. Not to actually watch the movie. Not feelin' so hot right now though. 
finished adding the &quot;flower power&quot; cards. now back to studying   http://bit.ly/1mug0
finished all college work! good times! (: but has to wait in college untill her assignments have been re-marked .. bad times! 
Finished all my R.e revision but still know nothing 
finished all my red skittles  but mmmm snapple apple &lt;3
finished article lists for blog posts. Sigh. So much to do before Seattle next week 
Finished at the Dr. Zach is 44 3/4 inches (80%) &amp; 50.2 lbs (94%) He has 20/26 vision &amp; good BP. He's a little sore from the 4 shots today 
Finished babysitting early. It's soo hot out  Gonna go home, get ready, and head down for some Marlins-Giants action!!
Finished brunch... now what? Work? 
finished city of bones.  &amp; the ending wasn't all that great 
Finished cleaning my room. Yay! Now on to the laundry... 
Finished cleaning. Have to go to the store, but do not want to. 
Finished cleaning. Time for a nap. Sister is leaving tomorrow for a summer in France. 
Finished clearing out my closet! Now i just have to pack everything 
FINISHED DANCE!!  Gonna miss everyone! BBQ tomorrow! &lt;3 exams tomorrow...
finished dinner, dude i have 1 poem to make  i cant do that. 0.o help me? 
Finished eating. Have a headache. 
Finished editing new character 'Ace' for @Incarna Riverdans Campaign for tomorrow. not enough CP to keep Danger Sense 
Finished essay, finished response paper, didn't finish movie  Not seeing the end will kill me, but I need at least 4 hours of sleep haha
Finished Freaks and Geeks today, now I'm sad 
finished goodbye slideshow i'll miss them so much 
finished halo wars 
finished HW..... reading Lord of the Flies... 
finished kyle xy just now 
finished learning theory, onto cognition and emotion  x
finished lots of personal housekeeping this morning at the office. Ahhhh. Just about time for bills. 
finished ma cup of tea 
finished ma pasta  gotta get on and do my homework now..grrr
Finished marking can't celebrate yet tho, got to communicate marks &amp; feedback to all those online students, rest of the night gone there 
finished maths homework  ... English homework next. 
finished my 12 hour coursework marathon. now for a couple of hours sleep. same again tomorrowww night/tonight! 
Finished my exams. Turned an A at AS Physics into an E overall, and a B at AS FMaths into a C(I think). Now that warrants a #fail hashtag 
Finished my homework already... kinda glad, back hurts and I just want to lay down... *sigh* what else is new 
finished my last night of working at the coffee shop. 
Finished my paper! It's about creating new discourses about the (Muslim) veil. It's always about how oppressed these women are... 
finished my sci exam, done crap on it 
Finished my short film, feels a little wrong, but it's 15 seconds over... 
finished my work for the day but still bummed about my guitar  cheer me up?
Finished new moon! Woo! Now i want the next one... 
finished one shift at 14:30 and back there till 22:30 from 17:30 ergh  i cba today..xx someone else go for me please? xxxxxx
finished one shift at 2:30 and back there till 22:30 from 17:30 ergh  i cba today..xx someone else go for me please? xxxxxx
finished packing...WOO HOO...Now on to DEEP cleaning my room &amp; my vanity!!!!!!!!!! 
finished paid work for the week... just gotta study every waking hour for the next three weeks 
finished picking up my dogs hair. time for the dishes! 
Finished playing tennis with Gary tonight, my 37 year old M.D, MBA, JD, friend.  Broke my tennis strings again! Doh!!! 
finished putting my movie together..not just gotta get some good music ideas...any suggestions?? I'm gonna suck at bowling tonight 
Finished reading &quot;Northern Lights&quot;; I'm sad, because it could have been great, but I feel it's merely &quot;good&quot;. Too much DEM. 
Finished reading King Oedipus, now have the 2nd oedipus and antigone to read. I lost my bookmark for Pride &amp; Prejudice  Where am I up to??
finished reading 'Valley of the Dolls' - loved loved loved - but don't like starting a fresh book late at night 
Finished reading/listening to The Sorceress. I thought it was the last book in the series. Have to wait for next book  sucks
finished replacing stolen license plates on my new car. Some idiot stole them a couple of days ago 
Finished school at one today. Exam week is cool (: Except for...exams 
Finished season 3 of supernatural  lookin 4ward to season 4 on dvd 
Finished secondary school now  12 week holiday then on to college
finished setting up his 24-inch LED monitor and MacBook Pro 15&quot; for work.  YAY. Now of course I want a 24-inch LED monitor for home 
Finished sixth form for good 
Finished some more tidying, no sign of repair man so we still have a moat and no oven 
finished studying chem! ready to sleep but not yet sleeping haha. my parents are not back yet!! the level camp form is still unsigned 
FINISHED THE 4TH PERCY JACKSON BOOK! unfortunately, there's a w8 list for the 5th containing 224 people 
Finished the drive back home. Finished the drive AWAY from Catie. 
Finished the final episode of The Wire at half 2 this morning.  Will miss it like no other. 
finished the host.  &lt;3 Ian O'Shea.
Finished the ironing, now dinner to make and it's such a lovely day outside 
finished the paper.. now math homework.. 
finished the platano  im tired of this crap
Finished the project, didn't watch True Blood  But Im off to the Shedd so that's better anywho!!
Finished the second research paper of the week. It's Tuesday...kind of. Kill me. Test Friday. 
finished the show at the Phoenix and is in bed hoping someone was going to be on Facebook  Oh well, Derren Brown on Wednesday
Finished the sketch. Meh. Not totally satisfied.  hopefully painting it will give it the right touch.  http://twitpic.com/6bi7c
Finished the Statistics Lecture 1 (Part 1-10) Savetube became shitty so I can't download the parts 11-13.  But I learned a lot.
finished the video for sappers class, but cant upload it for youtube cause it has my last name in it, and i cant take it out 
Finished three feature articles all in a row today.  Whew!  Brain dead now.  Sleep, sleep, sleep 
Finished True blood season 1, grrr now I really want to see season 2 
Finished two more chapters. Out of ideas again  Need some red wine for inspiration!
finished up practice...workin on paperwork for our USS Harry Truman Aircraft Carrier show! Why does the military have soo much paperwork! 
finished up the twilight series 
Finished upload.....I feel I need more work at vlogging so I pulled it down   Gonna stick to making music for now.
finished WarGames, well.. a while ago, but yah.. i wish i were more active this weekend.. but weather isnt permitting 
finished watching boys n tha hood. I hate the ending 
finished watching marley &amp; me with @erikasaurus_ IT WAS SO SAD, I CRIED  shes sleeping though &amp; my brother has a hot friend over ;'D
Finished watching Monsters Vs Aliens - Avg movie, nothing impressive. Everything about that movie is disappointingly typical and dull 
Finished watching the film Wah-Wah and its left me, @rhys_isterix an Simbacat a bit sad   need a good comedy now or more food in bed ha
Finished watching the hills  now watching mtv awards!!! Twilight all the way babay!!!!!
finished with doing college work,  ALOT more tomorrow 
finished with my work; catched cold;wanna go home, but its raining 
finished with the paper! Now on to the next 
Finished work thank god long day sore feet  have been listenin to shittybeat all day missed COOLFM glad to hear it again aha. Bloodyrain!!
finished work, have a lump on my head and a killer headache 
finished work, thank fuck.  So tired 
Finished work. Another shift tomorrow 
finished working out early today. have to take the car in for a smog check. 
finished works, tired and hungry. Back home! 
finished yoga. now im gonna write 4 the rest of the day. tried lookin 4 a job. no luck  maybe i could sell my stories? i'll think bout it
Finished! 10 Minutes early! Go home and chill for a bit, got another Loooong day tomorrow  Still Home time!! Wahay! 
Finished! My arm and shoulder hurt. Bead Stroke  :  http://twitpic.com/7qa5t
FINISHED!!!! had a fabby time yesterday and last night  sunburn is a killer though... 
finishes dinner. Time to write a bs proposal... 
Finishin the first chapter of my bock.... tomorrow : 24 hs on duty at the hospital!!! 
finishing all my assignment!!! huaaah 
finishing breaking dawn... wish friggin new moon would not wait so friggin long to come out!! I MISS MY BEST FRIEND!!! 
finishing cleaning out the international, climbing into a fruitliner tomorrow   
Finishing final touches on the last three paintings, and than its off to clean the garage 
Finishing homework! 
Finishing Homework.  BOOO
Finishing last essay to the sweet smell of...horribly burnt bagel.  It was a microwave fire.  Toaster is almost excusable, but microwave? 
Finishing my english workbook... haha @aazenett me too 
finishing my hw2 
finishing off packing today............ and ringing around to see how much ipods cost mine died 
Finishing off some work in peace and quiet before public holiday tomorrow 
finishing some work and then it is back to sacred for a bit before heading home from dan's... 
Finishing the drawing for my mommy... dnt want to lose you at all in any way 
finishing this paper for school... what a way to spend a monday 
finishing up 4th and long with the bestie brandon, bout to go to his house to chill with the other bestie john before i leave them 
finishing up a take home final then more cleaning 
finishing up laundry, relaxing and  drinkin my chocolate marshmallowmalt from DQ @TheRealBillyRay-aww  maybe some other time
finishing up my emails then off to bed!!!........................I miss you btw 
Finishing up OMA mtg before heading home. #Aer lingus gave me inside seat not aisle. So have to dash to airport for reseating lottery 
Finishing up one of my FEAC final exams.  It was okay when it was raining.  Now it's sunny and I don't want to be inside anymore. 
Finishing watching Castaway and then going to bed before work in the morning.     Yuck yuck yuck.
Finishing work, off to Chapters, listing the condo tomorrow 
Finly managed to get up, now have to go to work with a hang over 
finna go to my cuz cuz house after tonite, missin adam hella 
finna go to sleep mad early tonight. bored and aint got else to do 
finna head 2 dha shower... itz been a slow day... 
Finnished my jobs and they still want me to hang around for possible hospital deliverys 
Finnished Prison Break season 3 already!! It's cruel how it only had 13 episodes though  ...now i must get my arse in gear.
-finta c what i'm g0ing t0 eat this m0rning!-s0rry i didnt get t0 say g00dbkye te! 
Fire drill..everyone goes through one exit irrespective of how many fire exits there are...didn't get asked for my name or phone number 
Fire in Lake Forest again.  
Fire is out, now waiting on the auto mechanic and car rental places to open.  GRRRR!... Very Disappointing 
FIRE! Hotel across the street! by the time we got there, it was mostly out, just a bunch of smoke  still heckled the firemen :p
firealarm at CS bldg.. Can't print my project which is due soon. 
Firebug quit working 2 days ago. I'm lost without it. 
Fired Up is a really gay movie. guitar lessons and work tomorrow, freakin inventory night 
fireee drillllllll. i dont wana go baq 2 math 
Firefox 3.5 has location aware browsing, eh?  http://ow.ly/f65j thought only Chrome does that 2 us, now FF, I'm 
Firefox 3.5 RC1 crashes every time upon opening. &quot;Nice.&quot; Guess I'm downgrading 
Firefox 3.5pre becomes greater everyday. Use nightly builds and enjoy auto updating. Btw, most extensions are compatible, but not ySlow 
Firefox crashed again. FF crashing a lot these days 
Firefox Crashing Badly on Mac .. Very Annoying .. I Suppose i have to use Safari Now 
Firefox has crashed twice for me now. Why do you hate me Firefox? I just want to watch the conference  #E3
firefox hat alle addons gelöscht beim update.. #fail 
firefox is crashing everytime i try to embed a video in wordpress.com  bummer
Firefox is hating on my luv for @SongzYuuup by freezing, but that's probably for the best 
Firefox is quite a bit slower with Nouveau vs nvidia. 
Firefox just ate up all my tabs!  Frustrating stuff! lol
firefox keeps crashing on me... 
Firefox seems to have gone into a crash-loop  WTF am I supposed to do with it now?
Firefox slowed down after upgrading twitterfox plugin. 
Firefox, did you just kill my WordPress session again? 
FirefUx and Vista 64bit don't seem to like each other.  Considering switching to Chrome again...I miss my add-ons so much, though 
Fireworks &amp; butterflies....then gone 2 Dubai 
Fireworks delayed 
fireworks north west london.... did I miss a special event 
first #iphone 3g crash...  
First #StudentLoan payment was sent today  Why am I going back to school for more debt? LOL The price of education I tell you!!
First &quot;school day&quot; is over! Tomorrow comes the next!  But the people at school are okay!
First (hopefully last) damage to the 55. Found a low hanging pipe in the garage with a sharp end   http://twitpic.com/880xu
First Adam Corolla, now KWOD? what the fuck am I gonna listen to on the radio now?? Ugh. 
first admu-dlsu game on aug. 9 :| i have classes 'till 4   TV FTW!
First and hopefully only fender bender in LA just happened. People please don't run stop signs 
first at work I don't have keys. Sitting in my car waiting for 20 Mins will suck. 
First beach worthy day... And the beaches are closed 
First beautiful day in weeks, and where am I? At work. 
First beer, pushup workout is proceeding very well, and enjoying the sun. Sa is the last day 
First bloody nose of nose of the season 
First Break - 29,400 in chips - Blinds 1k/2k w/ ante - button opens w/ 20BB behind - I shove on BB w/ 88 - Flop = 8-10-A - Turn= Ace 
First break - down to 2545 chips  Average 3600 - 233 seats available - 8021 player, left 6688
First break Yay! Fuck i gotta pee  lol
First broken bone at 33! Of course it had to be my foot which means I won't be able to wear wonderful new heels anytime soon 
First case of swine flu in Ukraine 
First class got cancelled, still got 2nd and 3rd to go.. Not to forget all the assignments to do 
First day alone  Think I'll go back to bed now 
First day at FSFE's General Assembly. I feel sick 
First day at gym. I think i over-worked out. Going to have to pretty tiring day... 
First day at the pool - charring my very white skin   Maybe I'm really reflecting - blinding all around me - can't tell yet...
First day back at school 
First day back at school, this happy holiday has really shown how unhappy i an at this school  gutted.
first day back at work 
First day back at work after a weeks break. Am I looking forward to it, well what do you think ? 
first day back at work and away from my little girl 
first day back in reality. off to work now after my 4 mysterious days missing from everything. im rly hoping no one asks where ive been 
First day back to class. 
First day back to work &amp; my new computer is effed up. To make matters worse, @mickeysmith is canoing in frickin Minnesota &amp; can't fix it 
First day back to work in 2 weeks More :-l than 
First day back to work... What a drag  
first day in a new area at work, already having computer problems 
First day of #zombie hunting was BIG. Only one thing bugging me: we're not able to shoot video. It's simply too dark. Even for nightshot 
First day of a2 cannot be bothered 
first day of break, already bored 
first day of classes 
first day of college tomorrow. 
First day of college, and im so tired 
first day of culinary school. i just wish i werent starting this at a time when my personal life is so distracting. 
First day of finals Ahhhhhhhhhhh 
First day of organic chem hell .. Booo 
First day of Project Period, no weekend for me 
First day of school tomorrow! 
first day of school tomorrow.. greaaaat! 
First day of school was super boring, alone, and ugh. 
first day of school, check... thesis, ongoing... hah, so much to do... 
first day of school? it was pretty boring. bah! the worst part? it feels like we're being boiled inside our classroom. it's so hot! 
First day of shooting Fantasy Factory Season 2! Maybe I'll get to talk on camera this season 
first day of summer and im sick 
First day of summer is over. Starting to sink in is the fact that my girlfriend time has been severely limited 
first day of summer schoool. ughhh. is it wierd that im nervous?! 
First day of summer vacation tom...but I have to get up early  well if you call 10 am early...hah
first day of summer vacay! ...so far it's been boring 
First day of summer, and im already bored and have nothing to do 
First day of the summer and i can't find anything to do no job no school no money no food no gas nothing good tv  blah!!
First day of winter! 
First day of work and my car is over heating... Great 
first day of work at art gallery (could be a scam?) and now david carradine dies 
first day of work this summer  but at least i get some money now! 5 days until my birthday, 11 until i get my license!
First day of work today. Gotta be there at 4 which means I'll only be working 4 hours tops cause I told her I can't work past 8 
first day of work!! Not much sleep last night...I want our new bed 
First day of work. Kids r good. But only 27 hours 
First day off this week,and it's already over!!ugh no plans for tommorow either..super depressed,might as well sleep my day off then!! 
First day off today and its the last day of the month 
first day wasn't so bad.  waitt! doing school stuffs 
First day working at intel and I'm exhausted. 
First drink from Starbucks since October 2008. I hate to break the fairtrade coffee boycott but I was forced  http://mypict.me/2N6y
First drink tonight 
First drop. Soaked to the bone already  http://bit.ly/11qQIi
First Ed McMahon... now Farrah Fawcett. Sad business.  I send my prayers to her family and friends
First encounter with yogurt = not one of my new favorite foods 
First episode of The Tonight Show With Conando = Legendary! Will watch second half tomorrow.... gym right now 
First ever dropped call on my mobile. On a call to @Telstra no less! ( being charged for data even though I have a data pack  )
First father's day without my dad  Miss you, love you, but I know you are looking down at us and one day we will meet again...
First flat tyre on his baby  http://mypict.me/2MTq
First flight delayed. Now to find out how I get from phoenix to Seattle when I barely had a layover. Business travel. Yay 
first friday without @cwthgame kind of weird, i was so used to stayin home and anticipating for it to be 8:30 to watch my show, i miss it 
first friday! I wish i was in SA right now 
First game back - http://bit.ly/1198sf  - I got betrayed 
First game of the day lost   no subs yet again.
First generation guy has died  Started out 2nd generation now! (Virtual Families talk lol)
First H1N1 Swine flu Death in MA reported. 
First half done it is great.Will Spongebob learn to fly??Cannot take pics 
first half of business exam tomorrow :| hope it's not too bad. NOOO! there's a a chance of rain saturday?! 
First i get BLASTED at work THEN this bitch really put mayo on my sandwich!! I SAID NO MAYO HO!!! 
First impression on Tweetie 4 Mac: Fast, I love the &quot;conversation&quot; UI, well done! But I love the groups and FB plugin of TweetDeck. 
First it was MTV, not showing much music and now Cartoon Network is showing non cartoon movies and making non cartoon shows. 
first joined twitter.... no followers yet 
First lie in for a week! Woo! Now back to work 
first long-ish bike ride in a long time...now understand why a man would wear bike shorts  #cycling #biking http://ow.ly/7lR8
First Lucas and Peyton, now George. My shows won't be the same anymore. 
first meet of the season http://www.treeviewdolphins.org/....overcast and cold...the little ones will turn blue 
first morning in 2 weeks that I have woke up sick. I thought I was over the hump, but I guess not 
First morning of fishing was beyond not successful 
First Mother's Day without a mother 
first mothers day without nana 
First my certificate expired. Then it took me almost an hour to figure out that profiles can no longer have wildcards in them. 
first my straighteners,now my ELBOW!in a&amp;e all night.in a cast and sling   to go to morroco or not to go to morroco..that is the question!
First my work computer, now my home laptop is fucked.  
first nice day in awhile...too bad it's still way to cold to go to the beach 
First night back at the gym in a week and the cleaner is blowing dust EVERYWHERE 
First night by myself. Not excited. 
First night in DC&gt;&gt;&gt;rained out 
first night in new apartment was rough.  i must make it more home-y 
First night in two weeks that i'm not getting a goodnight kiss 
First night of my guinea pigs living outside. Im worried about them  
First night taking melatonin: fell asleep easily, but woke up at 1am.  Didn't take full dose, will try tonight.
First of all, &quot;Richard III&quot; was amazing. I'm in awe of those actors and completely jealous. I wish I was doing Shakespeare in a park. 
First post on twitter, woo, but off to bed, shattered  night all
first post. So yesterday a guy found it necessary to break into my house while i was there. Unfortunate for him, but he got away 
first proper meal in three days ! iv lost 4lb's 
First really nice full day of the year we were outside most of the day! Kids have sunburns.  that was one thing I was not thinking about.
first saturday in a while that I have been awake for. Now I don't know what to do with myself. I am bored 
first sees &quot;TRYING NOT TO HYPERVENTILATE&quot;, then reads 8 statuses of hyperventilation. LMAO @pineappleee  good luck with viro!
First session this morning-Advanced Data Packing &amp; Protection Techniques. Been to busy to post anything  #technosecurity
First speeding ticket = 
first stop Las Vegas. i love everyone i'm leaving 
First store on record store day was ok...got the smiths 7&quot; and slayer 7&quot;. They didn't even get the gaslight 10&quot; in 
first Sunday at Lighthouse! no one around here has twitter  that i know of atleast
First sunny day in two weeks, and I am gallery sitting. 
first tests tomorrow ... im scared   but i went to walmart totally by myself no help and i think i did pretty well considering lol
First TG win of the season... but no steak cuz i gave up a goal 
First thing to do on this beautiful day......wash the pots and hang the washing out! 
First thing you hear in the morning - crying babies.  #preworkmusic Damien Rice - O
First thunderstorm of the year!  Too bad its not overhead 
First time giving the antibiotic didn't go well.  She also cut her nose on the cage they had her in, trying to get out.    My poor baby.
First time goin to the laundrymat in years -- I feel like I've been robbed!!! Spent so much money in here 
first time i try to tweet in like a week and i get the fail whale. 
first time in 2 weeks that i actually studied all day - about the Air France flight: so sad and scary! 
First time in a while I've slepted horribly 
First time in a WHILE pho has let me down 
First time in WEEKS my tv's fixed and there's nothing on 
First time making kaastengels.. Kurang asiiiinnnn 
First time to do my Twitter Demo since Mix09 in March but it looks like Twitter changed their XML so demo is broken  45 min to fix it
first time tweeting and i feel ashamed of myself.. 
first time twittering. just checked NBA update. lakers vs. magic. fun match up. first game on friday morning beijing, still at work 
First time waking up so late at my house:o wack dreams! 
First traffic jam already 
first tweet from my new desktop computer.  My old one had a melt down. 
first tweet of the day :O  im gonna take my dog out... its freezing outside though 
First tweet of the day is a rant at the stupid bus driver who was not gonna accept my ticket till I kicked up a fuss!!! Mean man! 
first tweet of the day. the day is not getting any shorter. 
First tweet yay sitting at my desk working and trying not to get sick.  
first tweet! i lost my checkbook 
First twitter message. I want to return to Japan. 
First update on new twitter, i only have one follower now though!  baaad times!
First week of exams down...one and a half more to go! 
first week of my college, darn just like high school, lots a homework. 
first week of the rest of my life, man its gonna be boring 
First week of work is done! Had a great time at the track tonight with @nickconsole as my madison partner. Rain cut it short though. 
first week without a job!  scary thought!
First Weekend staying in, in about a 2 months...I don't know what to do with myself... 
First weekend that all BPL fans dread. Sure there's the FA Cup to look forward to, but the close season sucks! No more football!! 
first weekend without any hockey excitement...all we have now are the Pirates 
first year I am missing the fine arts fiesta  http://bit.ly/r4AkB
First, I broke my brand new eye shadow... Freaken crap!!! And now, I just broke my good brush... Seriously wtf?!? Ugh!!!!!! 
First, lost THE ring. Now, lost 1 more earring  I am left alone that I feel.
firstly, yay diversity won bgt =D=D secondly, brandon flowers is amazing, but just announced on jonathan ross he is married with two kids 
Fish and chips please!!! Bored!!!!! Hungry!!!!!! Tired!!!!!!! Dunno!!!!!!!! Want to go for a drive . . . No car!!!!!!!!! 
Fish just keep disappearing in the tanks at work. Two of the babies have gone missing and my pleco is MIA. I'm a terrible fish keeper 
Fitful sleep. Officially ill. Not impressed. Wanted to go shopping 
Fitna make some moves.. .. I'm very bored and my girls are bored too! Too bad daddy is busy today 
fitness? how about walking 6km to get a bottle of water...to get to school? like millions of children in the developing countries  shame!
fitting how 2 weeks after i get my new sexy imac, my old dell desktop literally goes up in flames... bye old friend 
Five days until my birthday! YAY! Still have one more exam first though! BOOO! 
five more years of having pink hair on my passport 
fix you - coldplay 
fixed her bike,just wished there was more time to ride it this week!The big race is next week &amp; after that the bike goes back to the shop 
Fixed my favourites. $180 and the heels fell off after 4 wears 
fixen 2 go 2 bg and and then study 4 my s.s test 
Fixie movie night was cancelled due tech probs ... 
Fixin to watch the youth camp video &amp; hear their testimony, so exciting! knew i should've gone as an intern  well maybe next summer!
Fixing 7 xbox's with red rings  http://tinyurl.com/geteverything360
fixing a 43 inch hd tv! but it aint letterboxed 
fixing a CSS to make a page look alike a specification is not as simple as i expected 
fixing C# source to code to match name conventions and reordering solution. I hate when people just go at it as nothing will matter 
Fixing dinner for my Brother and Dad...my mom isn't home tonight, she's at the No Doubt concert 
Fixing my exes parents computer and for some reason they're hovering like they've never hovered before 
Fixing my eyebrows. Oh I wish for once my eyebrows could be immaculate. 
Fixing my iPhone - not sure what went wrong 
Fixing my profile. It's hard with a broken mouse 
fixing to do some homework 
fixing to leave to go back home!! 
Fixtures out and away for 2 home matches not good 
fjdskal im really frustrated. 
FJGKFLD;'Sdh WHY AM I NOT AT HOMETOWN DAYS WITH MY FRIENDS. 
Fk! Middle seat! Gonna be a long flight to Beantown.   Leaving Screwston... One more prayer &amp; I'm there
Fken Watmough scoring under the posts ruined my bet on the Roosters with 11.5 lead 
fkin bored watchin tv!!! 
F'kin household today 
Fking weird weather today o.0 ..Signing yearbooks. Last day for seniors 
fkkn 80 bucks 4 a full tank of gas; it's going up again  &amp; wen I was filling gas the wind lifted up my dress lol so embarrasing!
fkn thank you cards 
flagit crashes my mail app on Mac. Feels like working on a PC again. 
Flaky friends...scratch the Shaved Ice.  Unless I go alone. Might as well stay home and save money. *sigh*  I miss my music. :'(
Flaming Jne, temp about 16C its cloudy with frequent heavy showers, typical British summer weekend. 
Flaming Lips come to PHX when I have to leave for Detroit 
flash is going mobile in October on most platforms...except the iphone, that is. apologies to you, fans of steve jobs. 
Flashbelt starts today, I'm only going Tues and Wen though 
Flat feet and weak ankles suck! I really wanna run this marathon but don't this it's fesible  Any suggestions tweeps?
flat needs cleaning badly - time to get it done 
FLAT TIRE! AND IT'S RAINING CATS AND DOGS!!  PHOOEY!
flat tyre...had to walk back home 
flat viewing at 6pm. it's a pity, cause i won't be able to update my iPhone then 
Flatmate is moving out. 
Flattered that you think such sweet things of me. If only you knew the trash i carry with me  i'm sorry i don't love u how u want me to.
flea market was a fail  guess i'll order a new saddle online. the guy at the stand was getting mad at how cheap i was LOL
Fleece not showing Lions so now at Wheatsheaf. In time to see SA try 
Flickr doesn't have enough room for all of my Sasquatch! pictures... What's a boy to do? 
Flickr home page says &quot;Flickr has the hiccups. We're looking into the problem right now. &quot;  #Flickr #FAIL
Flickr Uploader will not let me post a photo from my Blackberry any more 
Flickr video - nice idea if it worked. 
flickr: Why can't your uploader make my new set then add photos, rather than uploading the photos then making a set? I want the URL now 
Flight 666 releases today!! In cinemas for one day only... Pity it won't in India.  http://www.ironmaiden.com/flight666/
Flight b4 us got canceled hoping ours at 3:30 won't Otherwise we have 2 drive 2 Dallas 2 get on R connection.  http://twitpic.com/3j4p8
Flight back to Saint Louis happens in 2 hours.  Sad 
Flight delayed 
Flight delayed 6 hours. Looking at a 530am Cleveland arrival. Gonna fry my day off tomorrow 
Flight delayed AGAIN! Oy. I'm never getting home! 
Flight delayed out of Seattle to San Fran. 
flight from waco to houston was so bumpy. I feel like i'm going to be sick. Ugh. 
Flight home cancelled. Lamest thing ever. 
Flight is delayed  On the way to the airport
Flight is toast--cancelled! I'm now re-booked for tomorrow and heading *back* home. What a great way to spend the last 6 hours of my day! 
flight just got pushed back two and a half hours 
Flight of the Conchords album has *vanished* from Spotify  What gives @spotify_com ?
Flight of the Conchords was awesome! Had sweet seats 3rd row courtesy of Luke's friends. No pics though  Might... - http://bkite.com/07ywb
Flight out of Denver is delayed. It's going to be a long night. 
Flight Simulators are not my friend.    I'd be awesome if it wasn't for all the crashing.
Flight to #interop 5.5 hours delayed 
Flight to hurghada delayed 7 hours 
flight to LA delayed.  Due in at 1pm now.
Flight's delayed... possibly missing my flight back to NOLA... may be sleeping at Bush international tonight.... 
flights to new orleans in july are like $400.  
Flint bound 
Flip flops with toenails not trimmed  
flipped to the tennis channel &amp; got a whole new wave of depression when i saw it was my rafa's losing match  I HATE YOU SODERLING
floating in the pool... i'll miss you, beautiful condo building 
Flock is really nice but i miss the browser addons for adblock plus and stumbleupon, 
Flooded with all this pain.. Knowing that I'll never hold ya.. Like I did before the storm.. 
FLORIDA TODAY!!! right after my civic exam 
Florida!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just got back from the beach and I'm now lounging around the house...so sad that tomorrow is my last full day here! 
Flowers at yesterdays accident spot in Peckham. Can only read the worst into that  how sad
floyd, I have maligned you  please don't hate me floyd
Flu &amp; Sore throat......ain't fun 
Flu &gt; Maureen.   @richblackman
Flu + a class of 5ppl...I dnt b'liv they actually made us come to class, when evry body is away  
Flu day-3... Not good 
Flu makes my brain works nonfunctionally. It's really upset me. 
flu really really sucks 
flu shot.. ouch 
Flu, cough, throaty 
fluffy white rabbit beat me up 
flux by bloc party reminds me of florida last august, i kept putting it on in all the hollister stores, haha. oh i miss it ! 
Fly back next sat morning arrive round 11something. Then go home then go to AI..so busy 
Fly Guys no its not a group its a movement..and your not fly if you still wear forces and coogi..  sorry
fly me to Delaware now... i need to meet my dots! 
Fly with your dream!(advertisement)    but I don't have wing, how can I fly? 
Flying @jetblue for the 1st time in awhile. Like the legroom. Someone put gum in the seat pocket; now all over my manila folder and work! 
Flying back from Sydney to Melbourne. I miss Sydney. 
Flying back home....so soon 
Flying back to Amsterdam with @frankschuil without Legos! 
Flying back to NY 
flying back to the mainland... 
Flying back to the state i called home for 18 years for elevate. Miss my baby girl 
flying home for a funeral.   Good bye technology 
Flying home later today. 
flying home. make the rain stop 
Flying jitters yay!  I don't fly well, at all.  
flying like a butterfly above the rainbow...*dream*.....very unhappy 
Flying to Europe! ...But very sad to miss @atbandre at Pacha tomorrow  Please, come to NYC again!!!
FML   Again
Fml  cavs r out
fml  hate you, universe, thanks for making life horrible
FML -_- i burnt my lip cuz i put the blunt backwards to smoke ittttt.... lmaooo wtfff.? 
FML and my insecurities... I really wish I could over come this never ending feeling that no matter what I do I'm just not good enough 
fml and my toe 
FML and the school system that won't let me graduate... 
FML broooklyn isn't ment for everyone just ME! 
fml can an eye infection go away in like 8 hours? i had big plans for tonight 
Fml dude im scareddd i hate hearing noises at night 
Fml geomety final!  gosh I hate this class
Fml got suckered into working til 930 and I'm back in at 1030 am. 
fml i dont wanna be singlee 
Fml I have coffee boobs  why do I always miss my mouth?
fml i have no car 
FML i just spilled my entire can of diet coke IN MY LAP. yay 
FML I kinda want to crawl into a corner and put my head down. 
FML i need to be on the internet to do my project nobody has a good wireless in Bmore 
fml i want to be asleep 
FML I went to Hard Rock cafe instead of Hard Rock hotel and am now walking many blocks dt by myself  This is when I need a man!
FML is blocked by the McDonald's wifi. Wtf. I just want to laugh at people. 
fml missed 11:11  i was on a roll
FML my father bought  me ticketsto pr for 1 week n to dr for another week but my stupid job wants me to take only 1 week ughh shit suckz 
fml my phone is gonna die. i need to go upstairs and charge it before Sam and Aaron both get home 
fml my work uniform is on the washing line 
Fml really why theheck does my mom drop me off at school so flippin early  &amp;&amp; im best friend less
fml where is anna when i need her 
FML! got my hair cut...I'm not too proud of it...it's like a shorter version it was to begin with. 
Fml! I forgot my phone charger @home! 
FML! Jordan doesn't care about me. He doesn't love me. I think he has another girlfriend... I don't get what is up with him! 
FML! Off to the hospital I go. 
FML!!! I see everyone with iPhone 3G S!!!! 
FML!!!! massssive cramps!!! 
FML!!!!!!!!!!!! This class is hard as hell 
FML, actually just F the school part. I guess this means I won't get to go out tomorrow. 
FML, i cant loose another friend 
fml, i hate math 
FML, i'm getting sick again 
FML.  stupid computer viruses.    Britlee &lt;3
FML. ATL on MTV.  i'm happy for them but itbstill makes me sad.
FML. God seriously this summer is so boring when I'm by myself. And everyone else has lives so I have no one to talk tooo.. 
Fml. I didnt get the necklace 
fml. i finished anatomy and it was hard  now i have to wait more than an hour for this class to end or school whichever
FML. I hate CSS SO BAD. I can't find an lj layout that has everything I want. 
fml. i have to come off here again. everytime good people are on i have togoooo 
FML. I spilled jager in the earpiece of my phone. No longer can hear u.  FMB
Fml. if you got money and you know it. Take it out yo pocket and show ittt. That is definitely not me 
FML. My car broke down along Sunrise Highway...and I had to leave it there...this WOULD be my life 
fml. my foot itches. ugh. and im not allowed to scratch it 
FML. No cake ingredients. Thanks for going 'shopping' dad...  Cupcakes on TUESDAY.
FML. On my way home finally. I want cookie 
fml. sat's tomorrow. 
FML. this is gona be hell weekend... writing paper &amp; studying for finalsssssssss. aghh! 
FML. will I EVER see FOB again?!?! Why does this always happen to us?? 
fml.. (f my lighting) ya I know not the &quot;normal&quot; way to state that but I seriously hate my lighting I want a camera!!!!! 
fml.. good and bad.. good mom gave me money. bad.. she put it where I had my condoms   /wrists
FML.. Sick as hell. At the emergency room  rawr.
FML... Don't feel too well! 
FML... well more so this hangover 
FML... what will i do at work, fmylife.com is down 
FML...................oh wait, it already is. 
FML....my phone doesnt worrrrk  i hate tmobile sumtimes! UGH
FML...i just want to go home 
FML...im up to me neck in work to do...with so little time. 2 papers due 
FMOB the mrs has forgot my ipod, no sun &amp; now music 
fnishing essays 
fo shizzle. . . i'm bored and wanna go do something.  wish i went to pisay today. oh wellz. wonder who were there.
Foggy but humid today. Where has the sun gone? I guess that means working rather than sitting in the garden sipping sangria then 
Folding laundry and eating chips and dip... I forgot to buy Twinkies when I was at Walmart today. 
Folding recital programs at kinko's  what a chore!
Folding shirt..hmm! Lots of stuff to do on Flash too. 
Folding warm laundry on a hot day makes me break a sweat 
folding washing - lots of it 
Folks coming. Must clean. 
Folks over for a night in the observatory. Cloudy and rain.  But I saw my first gPhone. Star map app is wicked cool.
Folks, am going out over the weekend w/ no net  do go thru http://bit.ly/rd5fj &amp; http://bit.ly/dJi43 #scrmbk #scrm &amp; do share ur chapters!
Folks, my favorite plant is dying and I can't make it stop!    It's all brown and stressed out and sad.
Follow #ccdcoe for updates from the conference on #cyberwar in Tallinn, Estonia.  I am not there 
Follow @FevEligante cause he stuck in training all dam ass day all week lmao 
Follow @mremills bcz now that he twitters he doesn't hit me on bbm nemore  lol
FOLLOW @Ms_Stephy .... SHE GETS HER OWN PERSONAL SHOUT OUT... KUZ SHES JUST SO POPPIN!! LMAO 
Follow @officialflyboy rite now..the last one was wrong 
Follow @peterfacinelli. If you do...I may get the backing of his TWILIGHT chair. If you don't...I will be sad 
Follow directions fail.. I wanted 290, not ohio st 
Follow Friday @FreshmensAlley he took my sunglasses  give them back to me!!
Follow Friday is such a burden for me, because I want to add everyone, and I always forget people. 
Follow Friday rickbaker24 i only have 6 followers 
Follow Friday rickbaker24 i only have 6 friends 
Follow Friday rickbaker24 i only have 9 followers 
follow me b/c i am bored haven't watched tv for 1 whole day 
follow me i just have 7 followers 
follow me pleaseeeee 
Follow mee! Or Talk to me, I AM BORED 
Follow my girls @Zabriell &amp; @CC_ChaNel!!! Show em some love! I love @CC_ChaNel more! @Zabriell treats me like a step child  LOL
Follow up on the Tiger Woods iPhone game....it sometimes crashes, idk why...hopefully they give it an update or I will be 
Following #Tonys tweets and starting to think today will be a string of advertising and name-dropping.  
Following @trent_reznor 's daily tweets about his shows is a bad idea when you can't go see him play! 
Following @UlrichKelber I'm quite glad I stopped giving my vote to the SPD 
following change_for_iran  it is crazy reading what is going on.   Its hard to believe that this is happening on our planet.
following footsteps of ishaan to save the grade... still missing my laptop   [heartbreaks when IC's crash]
Following people that are successful on Twitter makes me sad. They're always traveling and doing fun stuff. Not me. 
Following up thousands of emails in inbox.... 
Follow-up appt are the worst - still at the doctor's office 
Fondant sux nearly as much as not being in CT 
Fondue with Josh, Holly, and Adam was an excellent birthday extravaganza.  Knee making horrible cracking noises since the other day.  Boo.
FONE BROKE  going to pay for season tickets tomorrow and maybe get a hockey stick tuesday daddys day with me going to play golf others
Fontswap not swaping fonts with OS3.0 
Food and music fest was a nightmare  BUT I did get to see Bobby and Guy, those guys made my day 
food and sleep. back to atown tomorrow. 
Food at mex place in Kingston = stay away it sucks!!! Plus I just paid 10 for a burrito and a coke! I feel disgusted 
Food coma interrupted by dog and 3 yr old  #fb
Food got stuck in the vending machine...I'm sad 
Food Inc.  (at Elmwood Theatre)
Food only smelled yummy, 
Food poisoning blowssss 
food poisoning from college cafeteria.im sick 
Food poisoning is not fun. 
Food poisoning or flu, either way miserable. 
food shopping tonight oh how fun 
food tiem i believe. then tidy. then get ready. then study some more. man i miss my social life.  may 29th can't come fast enough. x
Food time!!! I didn't have lunch 
food was evidently a bad plan  now i feel sick
food was okay. I got cramps   ouch.
food...food...FOOD! 
fooking shattered 
Foolin around with TweetDeck and tryin to decide what to do since its raining outside 
fooling around with my webcam..Ughh tired of Maths 
Foolishly, I typed m*rketing in my last Tweet (but with an A, not an *) Now have a shed load of related bots (and/or twats) following me. 
foood then heading to night class 
Foot doctor tomorrow  final verdict is.....
Foot feeling better  But no more beer or other yeasty stuff  But lots of icecream and cake :-D
Foot is out of commission  ouch! Running this morning did not help...not smart.
Foot still having spasms.  It kept me awake last night, have a feeling it's going to do the same tonight. It's really annoying...
Foot throbbing because David stepped on it yesterday. 
foot..no wait...feet cramps...thats from sitting down solidly for 3 hours...oh and my cheeks hurt  FAG BREAK!!
football is on look like geelong will kick ass again 
Footloose on the pool!!! But that's all im allowed 
Footprint's in the Sand &lt;3 Makes me cry everytime *tear* 
Footy's over, back to work 
For  read  ... Useless bloody right forefinger. Now the left one, that's just bloody majestic. Mmm, might get up at 10.
For @jmspool (continued): At least, folks who don't follow me are replying to my replies. Unfort. sometimes Tw chops off the leading For 
For 1/2IM tomorrow. If I do swim I will be happy, if do bike thrilled and if finish run will be shocked. Meds not helping 
for a minute there I though it was thursday not wedensday been happening all day (Really wish it was tomorrow  )
for a minute there i thought it was friday already 
For a really long time now she's the only girl i keep thinking about its about to be a year and still nothing guess my chances are up 
for about 3-4 weeks now i got 3 different pairs of strighters thinking they wasn't working, just realised it was on the lowest setting 
For all my followers that can view video and listen to music on your cellphone, I hate you lol.  Damn Sidekick LX 07 Edition 
For all of you who know @Rahhburt ; he's evil. 
For all pagans (inc me) who didn't get to Wiltshire last night  -- Ode to Stonehenge http://bit.ly/FCyBs
For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest is me, ugh 
For all the subscribers i have i still have barely any views on my new videos  so i'll do more videos when i get over 150
for all the wrong reasons... 
For all those that care, I'm helping my gf's dad this week, so tweets will be at a minimum  i'm sorry, how can I make it up to you.Dinner?
for all those who haven't heard... i'm no longer engaged 
For all you that I txt... I just want to inform u that ulu got my phone taken away... So... I will let u know when I get it back 
For an hour reading the pr ethics notes, i was yawning for around ten times 
for anyone who doesn't follow @wetheTRAVIS how amazing is this picture! I wish I had been there!   http://twitpic.com/7p6sq
for as much fun as nyc was, all my classes have gone to hell. i have no idea how i'm going to do it all and still pass everything. 
For Christmas, my mom wanted a Kindle. We got her a netbook. For her birthday, we got her...a Mac Mini  #kindlefail #hintfail
For endings, as it is known, are where we begin.&quot;  Just watched Pushing Daisies series finale. 1 of the best series ever made. Missing it!
for english i have to do a two minute monologue as a character! arghh, i can't act, if i wanted to do that i'd be in drama! 
For FF plz follow @sbx_IronChef -I am following the Starbucks tag on http://wefollow.com &amp; my friend IronChef has dropped from #2 to #3! 
FOR GOD SAKE! someone shoot me, please! this is so boring 
For gods sake! It's like living in halls again. just about to go to sleep and a firealarm goes off in the building! No impressed 
For goodness sake! Youtube isn't working.... I can get on the main page but not onto the actual videos. Great. 
for got bout twitter lol  at work answering calls until 830am 
For just $8 a month, you can add up to 500 movies at a time to Netflix instant cue and view on TIVO instantly. Amazon charges $5 a movie 
for like the 3d Sun nite of the last 7, short of breath at bedtime.  this cant be good 
For making him go to bed. 
For me to be so tired... 
for my 300th update i want to show everyone the movie im dying to see!    enjoy  not out here yet   http://bit.ly/Z2O4k
For once in ages, I cant hear that bloody tap driping. But now we have no cold tap in the bathroom  RIP tap!!!
for once, i REALLY didn't want it to rain.  all the paint...
For once, im being forced to go to bed. lovely. I didnt get a chance to apologize 
For ppl receiving our follower requests,we're @kameliamohamad &amp; @virtu3.Our persnl.accounts couldn't be opened,@twitter's acting up on us 
For reading all that crap about about a Midsummer Nightmare I freaking had a crazy ass scary dream 
for sale sign in my lawn? 
For some dumb reason my dresser is sticky on top. And for another reason, a family history book got attached to it  Now the back is jacked
For some fucked-up reason I can't log in into dA and Schreibwerkstatt. Meh... 
for some reasin i cant seem to sign into my admin for my site 
For some reason baybsitting comsumes my life, I must make a change and learn to say no and get my life back  hate telling people no
For some reason I can't get better. 
For some reason I feel really weak and sick today 
for some reason I find it hardest to watch Rose McGowan's death in scream 
for some reason i just checked the procedure for claiming lottery winnings. i didn't win anything, not even a free ticket 
For some reason I miss my nephew a lot today  (sigh)
for some reason im going to see wolverine today, i dont even get a say in the matter 
For some reason is unable to sleep 
For some reason misses puffin more than ever 
For some reason my app has 5 reviews but it's not showing up in iTunes.. 
For some reason my twitterena, myspace and facebook apps refuse to load. 
For some reason twitter has decided it doesn't want to send updates to my phone today. Ruuuude 
for some reason when i tried downloading the tweetdeck client, it wouldn't let me. i see that a couple buddies have it tho....confusing 
For some reason when I woke up this morning my allergies were horrible.  I  NOW finally got back my sense of  smell
For some reason, Corona Light tastes so much better when I am with you than it does when I am alone.   http://twitpic.com/67wa0
For some reason, I have a strong urge to draw illustrations for novel covers. 
For some reason, I have the feeling today is going to be a very long day. 
For some reason, i suddenly miss hannah  I hope we can meet up one day!
For some reason, i'm just really mad? I hate bad moods. 
For some reason... I CANT STOP PLAYING TF2. Its SO much fun. But no one else plays 
for some strange reason i suddenly feel so depressed! 
For someone who always thought he didn't like racing games, I sure seem to love a couple of racing games 
For Steve's sake, can we get some fracking flash on the iPhone &amp; iPod Touch? I would &lt;3 2 see it in 3.0 but am realistic. 
for stupid church in the morning. dammit.  andnow its gonna take me another like, 2 or 3 hours to fall asleep. GREATTT.
for the 2nd yr in a row someone has called me on June 21st to wish me happy birthday MAD excited...and then i have to bring em down. 
for the cacio e pepe had to &quot;throw out&quot; my tasting guests after 3,5 hours  
for the first time in 22 years... i could careless that its my birthday  that bugs me.
for the first time in either a couple or a few days has nothing specific to do! Maybe packing and tidying 
for the first time in forever, wants to write stuffz.... but is toooooo tired 
For the first time in years I am starting to believe that roswell was not a cover up 
For the first time in years, I actually miss the father I had before the drugs... 
for the first time since i got my iphone, tonight and tomorrow morn i think ill avoid twitter just in case i see something i dont want to 
For the gods sake! My ankle still hurts SO much! 
for the love of RAAAY J .. neck RELLE hurts. jeeezelaweeeze 
For the most part i feel good after biking. But my shoulders hurt. 
For the record @creosote77 was RIGHT Hank Azaria was in Herman's Head before Mad about You   I was wrrrrr
For the record screw blacksmithing in WoW.  Screw it in it's stupid butt. (It's been costing me a fortune.) 
For the record, dont eat wings when you are hungover. On my way to the city for work  blleeehhh
For the record, I'm too tired to do anything productive today, hence tweeting way too much. Profuse apologies to everyone's newsfeeds. 
for the record, researching LEED and STARS is mind-numbing, promoting sleepiness  -- at least I have tonight to look forward to
For the record: if I was doing the editing here, I could create a file that would fit.  But they need uncompressed files.  
For those doing the top10 someone tumblr the rules?! I completely forgot them  aha
For those jailbroken, remember to remove your Cydia-installed apps before upgrading, or else you'll have undeletable data, like mine. 
For those of us not in Boston tonight! 
For those of you following this : iPhone 3gs was iPhone 3g Shattered ! Into millions of pieces. Screen went everywhere. Oops 
For those of you who don't know, I appreciate the Clippers. They get no love 
For those who care, yes, it is possible to wander around new look in wood green and return within the hour. Didn't have the shoes though 
For those who joined twitter following my invite i would like to say sorry 
for those wondering.. yes my dog died on mothers day.  I've had her for 14 years.
for value for money we would vote Dairyland (or world)  in Newquay.  Some places very expensive though 
For weeks seeing my stepmom &amp; counselor for 1st time in 3 years has kept me going. She was coming w/dad on Sat. They just canceled. 
For what? I used to say that 
For whatever reason I keep floating back to that bummed out feeling in my mind  stupid high school
For years I have been called Lindsay Bukkake. Only just now did I learn what that meant.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bukkake
Forcast for Monday: Day, will be sunny &amp; hot. Highs 90-96. night time lows of 57-65. Guess Im sleeping on the couch tomorrow. 
Forced smile. Forced appetite. Forced life. 
Forced to eat red hotdogs coz I'm starving and there's nothing else for breakfast. Ick. 
Forced to lie down on couch and relax....as everytime I start walking I start bleeding...... And its beautiful outside 
forced to spend this wonderful day studying for the chemistry regents tomorrow 
forced to wait for the couch people to come. Yes where gettin new couches oh yea! i wonder how much of my life is wasted waiting... 
Forced to watch the bachalorette.....   The female movement in the house wins this one 
Forced vacation:Will be back on Wednesday,If only the absence of the internet were not so crippling,id be feeling liberated by now 
Forces and Dynamics are difficult 
Forcing myself to pack because it has to get done and it won't do it itself 
Forcing myself to write a newsletter. Loads of far more interesting things to do 
Forecast said it would be cloudy only but it's pouring over here!  And there are no rubber boots here to go splashing in puddles.
Forecast says high in the 80's in Front Royal VA for 100 mile run on Saturday.  Not a PR temp. 
Foreclosees abandoned pitbull, Glendale,CA. Lg L.A. PB rescue unresponsive.  It's terrified, being fed &amp; watered. Info: @umiluh_tplz
Foregoing Terminator Salvation today. On way home feeling a bit jaded 
Foregoing the BridgeFest Fireworks to finish the indexing job. 
forever doing homework! 
Forget about those creepy bad dreams! I cant even sleep very well... 
Forget 'cat on a hot tin roof'... ninja in a hot tin box on wheels. 
Forget Forks.....NJ has to be the rainiest place in the US. Twilight, no sunlight. 
Forget it... If I can't have my starbucks in the morn then I'm not gonna pray.  JK LAME EXCUSE
Forget to wear my Hey Monday wristband today  haha
forget u Terrence I stay showin u luv &amp; I never get none back  @TerrenceJ106
forgive me God for all my sins. please 
Forgot a colleague's leaving do this evening. Living 65 miles away from workplace seems a mighty long way at times like this 
forgot about my english coursework &amp; my ipod is banjaxed; today is just not my day 
forgot about my tea therefore over-steeped my tea  .. now off to @btmcallen last Sundays on keys. it's been a good month.
Forgot about shitty co-op, ugh. 
forgot about surry hills fest  but managed to go to the ever exciting &quot;HOLROYD FEST&quot; in MERRYLANDS --- WOOOOO! *does merrylands gang sign*
Forgot about the water running in the flower bed ! Most of the top soil has made a great escape down the driveway 
Forgot about twitter  Oh no.
forgot all about twitter  shame!
Forgot bout Ellens 1000th show today  sorry Ellen
Forgot food coloring 
Forgot hayfever meds and suncream before run this morning  #fail #doublefail
forgot his access card in the car�too lazy to fetch it 
forgot his coke on the table.... 
forgot his umbrella somewhere........got drenched in the rain and now feeling cold 
forgot his wallet 
Forgot how much i looove alexisonfire!!! Ps its been over a week since ive seen my heart and its driving me craazay 
Forgot how tiring shopping was. Worked up an appetite but I think I ordered too much  http://twitpic.com/6se8c
Forgot i bought a packet of monster munch earlier!! Eating away at them now good times! 
Forgot I had a dentist appointment at 8.  Now I am 25 minutes late.
forgot i had phone duty @ 1. remembered @ 12:55. no lunch for me. 
forgot I had twitter--will work on it. 
Forgot I have 3 research papers due next week. FAAAAACK!!!! 
forgot I was running sound at #jeffstreet  sorry bill!
Forgot I'm seeing The Sats on Sunday! Oh boy, I'd thought I'd be well excited by now 
Forgot it was saturday, so I got to work 45 minutes early :\ Also left my change at home so I can't even get breakfast 
Forgot my badge in the car. Now I have to walk alll the way across the parking lot to my car 
Forgot my Blackberry today  going to be a struggle without it.
Forgot my castanets at home  And the GREs are going to kill me.
Forgot my damned iPod, at the mercy of the bar pod all night. No after hours metal for me 
Forgot my dang socks. So much for working out. 
Forgot my ergo carrier @ grandma's house  I really need it now that #huro is so clingy an irritable cause of her teeth
Forgot my friggin sandwich at home again!!! Fak!!!! 
forgot my glasses though. 
forgot my headphone! i can't listen to a music in a train 
forgot my ipod and the mood is down - this is going to be a long day 
forgot my iPod at home......Ummm    Now I  only have my work and my thoughts for about 8 or so hours... Awesome.  #fb
Forgot my iPod today.   Its going to be a long day without any podcasts..
Forgot my Jean!  and now getting readyy .
Forgot my keys and therefore locked outside the office right now  Good job my Dad rocks and is bringing them
forgot my kitchen sink was full of left over sick. I AM NOT AMUSED 
forgot my laptop mouse at home.   I guess I'll have to live with a trackpad for a couple of hours.
forgot my lunch and no one else is ordering stuff  boooooo!
Forgot my lunch so I had to go to the store and get lunch and that took up half of my break  well back to work!!! Woo hoo :|
forgot my lunch today... 
forgot my phone at home 
forgot my phone at home  working tonight
Forgot my phone at home...   Being ignored by friend and her boyfriend....  She's mean, and we're planning to prank them!!! ,6
Forgot my prox card.    #mlia
Forgot my senior shirt 
Forgot my sunglasses at home today  my eyes aren't ready for the sun
Forgot my user and pass for twitter. Cant sign into the site 
Forgot my wallet today. 
Forgot that I had also made a smelly mess when I dropped and shattered a pickle jar. 
forgot that it was free dress day at the kids school today until I dropped them off.they are in hate with me for sending them in uniform 
Forgot that yesterday is the expiry date for my concession. Cannot buy concession anymore. 
Forgot to attach pic. Awesome.  http://twitpic.com/7ykrr
Forgot to bake some gluten free cardboard, sorry &quot;bread&quot;, last night = hunger monster this morning 
Forgot to buy a bicycle lock 
forgot to charge my camera. shucks 
Forgot to close my tab last night, going back at 6 to pick up card and see what the damage is after fees 
forgot to eat breakfast... am now starving 
Forgot to eat something before taking my vitamin today ... that was a waste. 
Forgot to empty kleenex out of sons pants before washing. Damn 
forgot to go to work !!!  i sleep too much...... hahaha
Forgot to make ice cream for Jude's birthday ice cream cake and had to run down to the store for a Carvel. 
forgot to mention hitting a low hanging branch while driving yesterday. windshield is now sporting a giant crack.  #fb
forgot to mention I had a dream about tchaik 4...like I was playing it &amp; singing it &amp; it was ridiculously vivid. now it's stuck 
Forgot to mention: our shower is an electric shock waiting to happen.  
Forgot to moisturise face this morning, and forehead is peeling from sun-burn. Look bit crazy 
forgot to pack my lunch. fail. 
forgot to pick up .net this morning and I really want to read the tutorial on text replacement technique using cufon 
Forgot to pick up my El Rio Storm Fan shirt from my parents house for the game tomorrow 
Forgot to put salad dressing and celery on my salad 
Forgot to refill my meds today. Oops. Not good 
forgot to renew my drivers license 
Forgot to rent the movie..so nothing to watch on the weekend. 
Forgot to say Happy Birthday to his Dad (too bust eating cake) so happy b day to him, he's getting his iPhone next week now 
Forgot to set sky box for lions game and it's already half time  Doesn't sound like they're doing particularly well anyway
Forgot to set the alarm for a 6am ride  Hope I can get in a few easy miles after work.  Tomorrow: racin' the Gap!
Forgot to tell you guys I will be out for a while. I have a really bad leg injury  but thanks for your support!
forgot to tip the pizza lady 
forgot to turn my alarm &quot;on&quot; for church and now running late 
forgot to tweet on the weekend. whoops. time flys when you're having fun i guess. which must be why this report is making it go so slow. 
Forgot to use my network's unlimited service... Good bye 500 pesos 
Forgot to watch the best of Amy Poehler on SNL  Cry me a river?...No, really, DO IT! cry!
forgot to watch the late night with jimmy fallon! 
forgot to wear my retainers last night 
forgot to wish sister happy birthday yesterday.  
Forgot where i parked 
Formula 1 week has officially started.. well I'm nervous &amp; excited at the same time.. no sleep for me till next week, this time around.. 
Formula One won't be the same anymore.  And I blame both FOTA and FIA. Classic ego clash.
forr some reason all i've been able to thinkk boutt is wahh's gonna happen to him.. it's killinn mehh 
forreal tho my life was almost over cuz...twitter was over capacity.  LOL jp...or am i..
Forrest Gump when the Aspeerger's is out of control. NOT good! 
forsees this &quot;prequel&quot; to the summer....bored as hell tryna find somethin to do 
Fort Myer is a wonderful small post filled with pleasant people.  However afternoon traffic is dreadful......Two hours to get home.   
Fortune cookie said &quot;unexpected payment&quot; coming my way. I thought it meant bonus instead cat got sick &amp; I will be making payment to vet. 
Forums at GallifreyOne closing July 31st.  Now where am I going to lurk and get my Who news from?
Forums down. Bleh... Just when all the competition entries started getting really interesting. Hope this doesn't kill participation 
Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends marathon! Final episodes  boooooo
fought on tatooine, on Rhenvar, on Yavin and now all over again but in reverse  i hate little brother time
fought the toaster for my pop tart and I lost 
fought the urge to watch Heidi &amp; Spencer walk around the jungle with Stephen Baldwin and Sanjaya...and lost 
Fought with my boyfriend that sad 
Foul play suspected in David Carradine's death. http://tinyurl.com/q6dzp4 How sad. 
found &quot;pretty paper&quot; whew.. now getting flashlight to go outside &amp; snip aloe vera for  other daughter's dreadful sunburn. 
found @katieb206 on twitter  @shalondasblog called it first though 
found 2 baby birds yesterday 1 of them had a broken wing i think so me, my dad &amp; liv made a nest 4 them hope they r ok 
found 2 bugs, 
found 2 fave new wines this weekend: 'Boarding Pass' Shiraz (Aus)  and 'The Show' Cab/Sav (CA) Too bad the LCBO doesn't stock it 
found 3-5 scratches on his iPod Touch's screen... It's meant to be some reinforced glass that doesn't scratch ever 
Found a baby bird in my vent the other day. Looked after it and in the morning it was dead  What is it with birds dont they want help?
found a baby bunny in my yard today without it's madre, it's just laying there so helpless 
found a baby robin in my yard..no mommie  didn't touch it. put in the woods hope she finds it. so cute. opened it mouth for me to feed it!
found a beautiful street ka that I want soooo bad!  Insurance is rid-ic-u-lous though 
Found a brand new Laurel K. Hamilton book by chance at the grocery last night...haven't had a chance to crack it open, yet! 
Found a crack in the plastic of my iPhone...near the dock port   I wonder if Apple will fix it... * nudges @swirlysnail *
found a dog..cant keep him. his owner took him. 
Found a Ducati workshop manual for free online - YAY. It's in Italian - FAIL 
Found a friend from high school died!  so sad he was only 23
Found a gray hair today 
Found a great thread on the Etsy forum, offering to promote new shops - wrote a nice reply, and then noticed the thread was from Oct 08! 
found a lot of good stuff today. hay.  
Found a lovely pool &amp; had a good time. Weekend's over now. Boooooo 
Found a new guy who really likes me, and treats me like royalty. Whats sad? I cant learn to trust guys anymore for whats been done to me. 
Found a new man I am interested in but he doesn't notice me. 
found a picture of her 7-year-old face pressed up against the oven, waiting for brownies. And Winnie was in the picture. 
found a place but they close at 7 
Found a place for threading out here in Boca Raton, but it costs like an arm and a leg. I miss Vegas prices 
Found a Roberto Clemente baseball card in antique mall in Fargo. Too $$ for my blood. 
Found a sick bird in the front yard  Poor little guy
found a spider in the house. i'm scared and can't sleep 
Found a super old type of me and my friends singing and me talking to my self  awww i miss the old days
found a t shirt stand but nothin for me 
found an ab exercise that apprently really works but its killer! 
found an amazing house to lease in West U but there's a rule that more than 2 unrelated people can't live together in that area   snobs.
Found an eyelash in my eye  hurts
found an outfit for my mom to wear at my sisters wedding I also found a ton of shoes i could wear at wedding but i can only have one pair 
found food...but now my throat really really hurts  Off to gargle with paracetmol and then have a shower!
found her sunnies! but now ive lost my headphones 
found his missing jeans but has now lost a hoodie  also found a shirt he didnt even know was missing.
found �1 near mc ds bus stop yday @ elephant (dance studio) and it had to go to waste 
Found is willie is gay.  @pletch5
Found my book on another website only to see that I got bad reviews. Very sad 
Found my Dark Knight and Moulin Rouge DVDs. . . they were in my fucking DVD case. But I can't find Stand by Me 
Found my iPod Shuffle and made a new playlist. Now I need to figure out how to fall asleep before midnight. Any ideas?  Stress = insomnia.
found my junior high yearbook and wow everybody was young and i havent talked to any of them since 8th grade except maybe 5 
Found my passport, although I'm not going anywhere 
found my pay is gonna 7days late  and im totally SKINT
Found my phone, and doing SAT prep stuff 
Found my red pen, but not before it got all over my new white tank top.  #copyediting
Found my remote, lost the $100.00 cash gift from my mom, for my birthday! It's all down hill after 47 years of age! 
Found myself checking the front of my maths paper to check I hadn't been given a further maths paper my mistake. Nope, just a hard paper 
found nothing at Pac Fair, but everything WAS on special   thats even worse then finding something really awesome and not having any money
Found out about the release date change for Ellipse, the UK usually ALWAYS gets it before us! Grr... Eh I prob. won't be able to buy it 
found out earlier that joey left for panama today and i have to say goodbye to the stages guys tonight... it hasnt been the best day 
found out her Soy juice box beverage ....is weighted. ....cheap liquid....buttheads. I want my 14 cents back 
found out how to listen to music on my new laptop. about to get ready for work today 
found out i cant go to New Zealand this year after all, as that i the only time i can go and i am in a wedding at the same time 
Found out I had locked the cat in my room this morning. Just finished scrubbing the peek out of the carpet 
Found out it was my laptop which hates me, not iTunes. Sorry iTunes 
found out my &quot;friend&quot; isnt actually. but hey shit happens. 
Found out my daughter is allergic to Jell-O! 
FOUND OUT MY OFF DAYS AT WORK,NOT BAD,SOME THINGS I DON'TLIKE, I CAN'T GET EVERYTHING I WANT,THEY TOOK AWAY MY EXERCISING DAYS    OH WELL
found out my twitter password. LOL &amp; Macbook Blew up. 
Found out Npower set monthly bill for energy at about 1/3 of what it should have been last yr. Now owe them a fortune  Adult life SUCKS!
found out that kelly clarkson will be @ the county fair the same weekend  i'll be out of town 
found out that my uncle hank passed away today  also, got new tires for the car earlier. i'm going to be paying on those for a long lo ...
Found out that this new headache med could be causing my bad mood  Which I'm still in unfortunately. Watching Made of Honor with my mom!
found out the tumor on my grandpas kidney is cancer he has surgery on monday 
Found out they no longer carry true religion jeans!!!  I should have bought that pair last year before I left!! 
Found out today I'm diabetic. Life is not only not so good as before it freakin' sucks. 
found out today that our hedgehog has cancer.  very sad! he only has a few months left.
Found out today that parking at kenny chesney on saturday is $25!  Yowsers 
Found out today that the flamingos that habitated my uni's lake died from Clostridium aww 
found out today the lovely lady up the road died at the weekend 
Found out today the Pepsi Throwback line gets discontinued the first or second week of June 
Found out via Twitter that Terminator, Sarah Connor Chronicles was just canceled. 
Found out yesterday that Delphi is going to screw me out of separation pay I receive when they eliminated my job earlier this year. 
found perfect dress in perfect color in a perfectly wrong size 
found phone...now i need a new battery...when is verizon getting the I phone 
Found Selina's papers!!  I'm going to miss her 
Found sleep and lost it again 
Found some free wi fi while we are drinking Carlsberg on the harbour! Going home later today   http://twitpic.com/6tnba
Found some great places but I might have to play it safer and wait 2 years till my car is paid off 
Found some little things....a far cry from what I really wanted 2 get him! 
Found some rocks... still not enough though.  Almost...
found something out tonight that reopened an old wound 4 some reason I feel like my heart is broken all over again 
Found the Betty Crocker gluten free mixes! I am very excited to try.  Yellow cake, brownies, choc chip cookies.  No choc cake mix though 
found the calendar online--spinning is at 9:15... it's 9:09 now 
found the colouring pencils, but still not the sketching pencils  Bad times.
Found the first thing I forgot to pack, toothpaste 
found the geocache No Coins Here  http://coord.info/GC10FKV
found the hottest jacket ever but its $1500 dollars    need to start saving
Found the job of my DREAMS!!!! too bad its in New York 
Found the perfect dress  I am after only to discover it is no longer available in my size. Damn it. 
Found the perfect prom dress today! Shame about the price tag   xxxx
Found the platform heels. Too bad the kids came home. 
found the Purse Ring.still feeling down becuz im low in moolah... 
found the reason why i can't use wiretap pro anymore to record my podcasts  http://tinyurl.com/mct3g2
found this fun gift site http://www.uncommongoods.com/ ... but still looking for a silver wedding anniversary gift 
found two black kittens in my backyard. dogs killed one. one is in my lap now. 
four all nighters in the span of two weeks... gotta be a record, but I'm sad that I'm the one who broke it! 
four and a half hours till shot time 
four C17H13ClN4 and one C16H13ClN2O... one hour later and I still can't chill out/unwind/calm down/shut down... AGH 
four different stores and none of them have the shirts I need for soccer uniforms 
Four finals down, two to go. I read all 200 questions so now i have a migraine and a tummy ache 
Four hours of work left. Then I need to study. Boo 
Four hours out in the sun and I don't think I have a tan 
Four more days and I honestly can't wait to be home. I'm sick of this distance 
Four people were horrified I drank a Coors Lite. They are anti-gay? 
Fourms and xbox down  bored
FP2 fried my brain a bit 
Frack me.   
Fractured nuckle 
Frak. Now I feel guilty for not going to hang with my dad sooner. He don't need to ream me out; I can do a stellar job of doing it myself 
Frakin' Lakers.... Why, oh why did my husband root against Cleveland?  
Fraking app store is pissing me off   http://tinyurl.com/c4ooho
fraking internet has been down.  Came up for a moment at 8pm and nada since. 
Framing some prints.  Boring and stressful.  
Francesco he's starting a job that will not leave him free on moving his face from the monitor 
Frank gave me some more ice but half fell on Jane. 
Frankenmuth is a no go 
Frankie Beverly and Maze will be here tomorrow night.....and I gotta club 
frankie is gone  ill miss you buddy but im there in 3 days 
Franklin Gutierrez with a 2-homer game...on my bench 
franklin is miserable after getting fixed yesterday  and i'm miserable too
Frankmusik is Djing at White Wedding on Saturday but I will be in the shire 
Frank's gunna kick my ass lol 
Franky fell off the bed. Onto the hardwood. Many tears and a bloody nose. I feel like the worst mom alive 
Franlinger's saltwater taffy is addictive! too bad i have about 5 taffys left 
frantically tidying the flat before family swain arrive today  have literally an hour to achieve the impossible  uh-oh...
frapuchino bad move, even more upset stomach now 
freaked out a bit: either my new roommate just snuck in at 4:00 am (unlikely), or someone just tried to break into my condo. ohboy. 
Freaked out by a lizard in the kitchen! How to have cooked lunch now! 
freaked out by the Air France went 'poof' over Atlantic Ocean news 
Freaked out of there being a giant mutant spider hiding in the rocks at radioactive hill. Spiders+radioactivity= genetic alterations 
freaked out!!! 
Freakin blisters make me so uncomfortable.. 
Freakin' cat scratched my leg and clawed my hand and nearly bit my finger 
Freakin' crap! I just bit my tongue on accident. 
Freakin' crazy day omg! Can't wait til 9pm so i can go home and sleep! My tummy hurts! 
freakin ear phones now 2of them are broken  I need an excuse to tell my mam that they broke? Any ideas???
Freakin' exhausted. I wish that the flower platoon was for real  Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. Who can tell?
freakin hell im sick again! Wat is this the 2nd time in 3weeks. I hate the flu. 
Freakin MD, can't u sell beer in 7-11 like VA? 
freakin out at work. gotta take over the vaults for the rest of the week 
freakin' out! one week before college starts! 
freakin sneezing,! 
Freakin throat hurtssss. Smh dang. 
Freakin tired - not cool 
Freakin tired... And it's only 11 
Freakin' twitter stopped working on my itouch whaaaat?? 
Freaking A I was so sick yesterday. I even missed the Lakers game  But at least they still dominated!
Freaking Apple servers are getting pwnd, so glad I already have 3.0 lol, spent 10mins just to agree with new T&amp;Cs 
freaking cold inside the office.... hungry and cold 
Freaking Cubs getting cheap runs on the dodgers 
Freaking dangit! My logic pro just froze right in the middle of me workin on an instrumental &amp; I just lost it. Guess it wasn't meant 2 b 
freaking dvla - the others are easily going to get there before me 
freaking for fizix (yeah alliteration, which doesnt help for engext1 either  [btw, anyone wanna hear a s/story idea for ext1?])
Freaking hot!!! 
freaking misses her johny 
freaking out about the amount of gifts i've bought for cez. srsly don't know if there's enough yet  what to buy the girl with everything?!
Freaking out because I can't find my hair dressers number, lord KNOWS I need it! 
Freaking out, why can people not reply to party invites ? So far had ONE out of about 30 say coming . Thinking will have to cancel 
Freaking stitches hurt so bad  trying to sleeep
Freaking tired !! ( i had a 5 for my german, that's pretty okaay for me)  tomorrow last test and beach sports 
freakinn heckkk ITS JULY FIRST ALREADY?!? i thought it was stil october 
Freaky, another storm in winter 
Freddy was here yesterday and I missed him  Disappointment of the week
Fredericksburg Outback getting smashed alone. Miss my barbarian 
Free comic book day! Wish I was in Ltown to go visit steve &amp; trav &amp; fantasy books n games, but alas 
FREE COMIC BOOK DAY... - Enjoy it for me while I am working  http://tumblr.com/xf81p38ep
Free comic book day?! Damn me for living in this small hick town. 
Free concert tomorrow but I have no one to go with  http://tinyurl.com/mjve7d Curse the fact that I don't yet ... - http://bkite.com/08EXU
Free cross-browser/cross-platform testing with https://browserlab.adobe.com/ . Unfortunately couldn't register 
free dress today. but i don't wanna be at school. i'm due for at least a three day weekend... and im feeling like bella in new moon. 
free drink at Starbucks! and letter of recommendation in Russian?! not so helpful for grad schools 
FREE Fourstar jacket courtesy of Spike Jonze! Really wanted one of the signed Where The Wild Things Are decks though 
Free hotdogs till 8! And the brownie batter blizzard's gross  http://twitpic.com/7ik50
Free Krispy Kreme because of National Donut Day today???  TOO bad I'm on a diet!!! 
free period at school. want to be outside but i gotta work 
Free time ends  I got to study right now !
Freedom til tomorrow! My last day in the pharmacy 
Freeeeeezing tonight. sitting by the heater in my room trying to get warm... and its not working! 
Freeezing my ass off in lax... Dreading the shuttle ride to van nuys its going to be even colder  
FreeSat's coverage (Sky dish) is really, really bad at the moment, blocks all over the place, really annoying!  http://bit.ly/191TpR
freezin' my arss off.   It got very cold tonight and I'm too damn lazy to close all the windows.
freezing  too cold to get changed
freezing &amp; doesn't want to do anymore revision 
freezing colllldd  Should have ipod tomoz. woo! Need some skullcandy phones now.
freezing my a*s off.... 
Freezing my ass off in the pak n save Carpark waiting for my missus to come back with the groceries. Electric Car window won't wind up. 
FREEZING with @baileemarshall  Ughh
Freezing.. someone keep me warm  wait nobody is here darn
freezinggggg in my house! nothing to do today until softball uniform turn in 
Freidn now has 5 oven fresh puppies. were 6 but they lost one 
Freinds dog chewed through my laptops power cord  #cry @tlgame
Frell me. I HATE Selection Criteria. &quot;Knowlege of public sector financial &amp; administrative legislation.&quot; YUCK. Don't know what to write. 
Fremont solstice - camera in hand. No tie dye shirt 
French braiding is hard 
french class once again! i have algebra finals today... 
french exam monday 
French exam went well. Its not a good day to stay in and study though  had a lil d &amp; b sesh last night
French finals.  Ugh.  
French homework needs doing 
french lunch 
French onion soup is full of delicious win. Also, I miss college so badly 
french open-- just found out that nadal is OUT   stunned!!  ok FEDERER, this is your year!  go roger!
french oral exam today   
French plane going to paris is lost over the Atlantic :O I would be so scared....I wanna go to Paris 
French plane lost over Atlantic: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8076848.stm ... I really hope for happy ending 
French test in about 20 minutes.  sucks right?
French test was a catastrophe, at the end i didn't even know my Name 
french! but  i have to go of the computer! Don't like that 
Frenchy fry thinks I look like fraggle rock. Now he keeps making his hand into a mouth and &quot;saying your my little fragglerock&quot;  shit.
fresh outta the showah. my calves are killing me, fuck exercise  haha. fair tonightttt
fresh prince and sleepy sleeps my nightly routine  gotta go to Dmv early tmrw  
Freshmen Field Day is over!  I'm gonna miss teaching 1-Canisius! 
Freya had a boy at 08.50, 718g and is looking healthy. Waiting on photos since I am at work 
frezzing hav a scarf, jeans, 3 tops a jumper and boots on 
Fri: no swim  Sat: long climbing ride 50mi 3.5hr. ~2500'gain, local mtns, beautiful up there
frick on a stick what does a old lady want with a nice leather jacket!? damn i missed out @ vinnies 
Frick! Midnight is making a bad noise...breaks are a needed thing right? 
frick, frick, got some info but no progress. sleep would by nice right now.  life of a student...sucks sometimes..
Frick... My niece poked my eye... And it hurts like hell cuz she got nails. And I can't see out of my right eye 
Fricken a i burnt myself 
Fricken a. I'm exhausted. And I'm stuck in queens. I wanted to see digamy. 
Friday - yeah :0 ~ these f**kin shingles are still killin' *boo*  ~ however might be just about to purchase a nice new mtb frameset =:0
Friday (yn)  just has P.e and science   xx http://tinyurl.com/n5tzn8
Friday ... But working this weekend 
Friday again. Weeks go by so quickly, years even faster. I feel like I'm missing a lot. Wish it would slow down a little. 
friday and last night was good, and now im really tired   4 days off school this week sweeetttttttttttttttt  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Friday doesn't mean much when you're working the weekend. 
Friday evening......what to do, what to do.  I have to idea. 
friday here at last, not much fun when your skint though 
Friday ima be without the only stable thing in my life   
Friday is suppose to be 71 and saturday and sunday 77!!!! Whoooo hoooo! Beach trip anyoneeeee?! Its my last weekend in america 
Friday lunches suck... Coz my lunch date Maddie isn't here 
Friday night &amp; still staring at those red lights to turn green  Delhi is so crowded..man &amp; machines.. Wish I cud do s'thing!
Friday night sucked... I lost a dog and a laptop. RIP to them both 
Friday night was amazing...Drunkenness with my friends...and a party I would be killed for if my parentals knew I threw...tonight was meh 
Friday night went out &amp; had a good time! ;) Saturday day was good! Saturday night was not so good 
friday night with nothing to do 
friday night... and here i am.. in my computer.. listening to radio disney.. 'cause I have college tomorrow  YES, ON SATURDAY 
Friday not a good start. My sister is broken. 
Friday Nyt &amp; still in office  #fb
Friday seems to be reports day 
Friday was the worst ever Saturday which iz today seems like its gonna be the 2nd worst imma need a drink before the day iz out 
Friday yay!! And a bonus, don't have to drive to Wales tonight.  Athough will miss kitten cuddles and going for a ride 
Friday! And I still have no plans for tonight. 
Friday! It's Friday everybody! O: Driving into work by myself.  Guess I don't get to read my book then.
Friday! What can I say, 2 days closer to Monday 
FRIDAY!! I gotta work tommorow tho 
Friday, June 19 - Camps are rained out. Saturday, June 20- Car Wash canceled. Thunderstorms expected  Next week so far looks pretty sunny!
Friday, payday! Or more like, bill paying day 
Friday. Progress made on various projs this week. Have to mow in 101F heat this weekend 
friday.....i have nothing to do so sad 
Fridays are boring days....I have no shows on 
Fridays are suppose to be relaxing 
Friday's my favorite day! except on the rare occasion that I have to work on Saturday. Like tomorrow. 
fridayyyyy!!.... but i'm working 
Fridge is empty  Diggin Records &amp; Food today ;-)
Fridge not cold  warrenty expired ..
Fridge/Freezer died lost all the food 
Fried breakfast fail. Overcooked the eggs 
fried chicken gives me heartburn. I thought it was just Popeye's but I just had some Chicka-Filet-A and my heart is a-burnin'!  
friend adding spree! but no one's accepting 
Friend forgot about me  No 5 year High School Reunion for me, I guess.
Friend is moving today 
Friend just called they are running late.. This day just got complicated. 
friend just called to say he got tipped $1k at work.  bastard show-off.  lol, i'm just jealous. 
Friend just Texted me from the New Yankee Stadium...she loves it and hates it all in one! Feels like she's in a different city. 
Friend of my old ex  hit me on myspace sayin he sorry 4my loss he heard bout what happned. But I aint lose any 1?  bad news is on the way
Friend Requested Someone In Facebook.  Only To Get A Response Saying &quot;Eww No Way....&quot;  FML  
FRIEND REQUESTS ARE EVERYWHERE!  *inhale exhale*
Friend showed me an awesome game! Too bad I can't save    http://www.minecraft.net
FriendFeed doesn't accept the link I copied even though I followed the instructions  Ahh well!
Friendfeed is down again. 
FriendFeed Search seems to be down!  http://bit.ly/cINtX
FriendFeed Search seems to be down!  http://ff.im/-2YM5a
FRIENDS ACABOU 
Friends are fail, I want to head to that bar #SF4 event in Chicago 
Friends are leaving me  going to bed lots of things to get done tomorrow!!
Friends bachlorette party today! woot woot! I'm really worried tho, I don't think he's the right guy... 
friends cant spend the night 
Friend's mom was just diagnosed as terminally ill with lung cancer.    Two more people in this world who do not deserve this. 
Friends say their your friends but dont treat u like a friend!!! I DONT GET IT 
FRIENDS still makes me laugh!!! Wish I had some company 
Friggin $40 bucks and not even 3 quarters of a tank ....... booo for the start of summer drives  http://twitpic.com/6pihm
Frisbee, without me... 
frisco....i dont know what i did to deserve that. i cried myself to sleep that night. no joke 
Frmphh! I washed my dry cleaning bill! 
Frnd: what do i do if i have actually forgotten the password on my viao?  Me: oh OHHhh 
Frnds back from india so pissed... they hated their holiday back home it seems  dunno y they say tht!!!
Fro yo is no mo...Yogurt Bar on Union will close 6/28 
frogs don't belong in the road. But that's where they all decided to hang out tonight. probably killed a lot 
from *kilig* and *excitement*, i got so depressed thinking about my HMO  well, not depressed. mebbe just a little sad and teary-eyed.
From 24 houers was the @Metrostation concert but now not any more 
From 9.00am till 1.35pm i have science with a 15 minute break tomorrow  woo 
from from Tallinn and back to business 
from inquirer.net: ...with University of the Philippines settling for runner-up and Jose Rizal University taking third place. 
From Iranian: back home. been interrogated for two hours. they did not give back my passport 
from my blackberry i cannot see who my followers are...ugh  but i just want to tell them 'HEY.'
from my hips up, i im sore 
From Now On I Refuse To Share Feelingz, Cuz Shyt Never Change 
From sandals and skirts back to warmer, waterproof clothing. 
From the reviews that I've read, I hear that " Brokeback Mountain " is extremely depressing.
from the time of my last tweet I see I've been watching Gilmore Girls for 6 hours...why do I have so much work? I'm not going to bed soon 
From the tweets I guess the nuggets aren't doing so well...   is the game over?
From Tony &amp; Sage, drink 1/2 your body weight in ounces of water each day, 70% of food is alive and green, avoid Cold Stone if you can... 
From what I &quot;hear&quot; tethering and mms is easy to get going on iPhone 3.0, even if AT&amp;T does not support it 
From what I've gathered, I'm the only one of my group of friends that likes Blink-182.  &quot;All My Best Friends Are Metalheads.&quot;  
Front brakes ok. Back brakes are bad. Rick doesn't know how to do back brakes &amp; if you do it wrong....So... back to the mechanic I go. 
front of other people! That would've been nasty, embarrassing, and awkward after.... Not a good combo. 
front page of perez hilton again. unfortunately, not for a good story this time 
Front row at Campbell's grad. Can't use my air horn.  http://twitpic.com/6sw1j
front tooth hurts soo bad!!! 
Frost advisory this morning, and I just burnt myself on my hair straightener  Cruel irony?
Frost, in the end of May. I don't understand this. All of my plants are probably dead now. 
froze at our summer picnic today . . played some basketball but no soccer 
Froze my arse off at lunch today 
Frozen hands + typing exam notes = many spelling mistakes 
Frozen yoghurt remained awesome until I started to feel sick. Fucking dairy  I will never learn.
Fruit Salad, Chicken Pie, Mango Smoothie, Fries, Burger, Fries, Ice Cream, Chocolate Syrup, Whole Nuts And Water = HICKUPS!!! 
Fruit Salad, Chicken Pie, Mango Smoothie, Fries, Chicken Burger, Fries, Ice Cream, Chocolate Syrup, Whole Nuts And Water = HICKUPS!!! 
Frustated. Disappointed and other synonyms for this two words. - dropitonadime: Aw  i thought you already... http://tumblr.com/xwz1xt7ee
frusterated with this damned earring that hasn't fucking come out since FUCKING JANUARY, that finally came out, now won't go back in!! 
frustrated    doing InDesign homework and watching Hostel Dos
frustrated and doesnt know why at all 
Frustrated and pissed off......two emotions that suck when put together.....  
Frustrated at myself because I'm teaching myself a whole semester's worth of information.   Long day of studying tomorrow, so goodnight!
Frustrated from shopping  wanted a new top but kind I want are all built for ppl of a different shape... ?
Frustrated right now, mainly cuz I'm an idiot. I do things which cause problems. Hmm, suppose to see FOTC live Monday:chances look slim 
Frustrated right now... I got this comp out of storage I haven't booted in like 3 years, unfortunately its not trying to boot right now 
frustrated that Skype always lags when she tries to talk to B at home 
Frustrated that Xbox Live is down, and Netflix sent me the wrong damn video. Homework it is 
frustrated w/ Transmit: doesn't apply 'Apply to all' checkbox to all files &amp; doesn't transfer ALL files 
Frustrated with my inability to load a picture  sadness http://myloc.me/rUm
Frustrated! I won a contest 4 a concert but will have to call back and say i can't go to it 
frustrated!..worked all day to get EZVPN on asa workng..didn't! 
FRUSTRATED. 
Frustrating is: being off work, and unable to sleep. the headache doesn't help either. 
Frustrating, greenday has something new called stopdrop and roll. I hate them now  its my thing...
frustration is not being able to get hold of DH while kids in and out of ER and he in Eu 
FRUSTRATION level on a scale from 1-10... about 13  BLAH!
FT #Canucks lose 4-2  ....all to do game 6
Ft. Wayne is rolling better tonight. 
Fta: anyone heard about this? wondering if anyone is carrying VOOM anymore or are they pretty much dead?  http://tinyurl.com/ca6z8j
FTCH.PK mbmurray: 3:20am no baby  : mbmurray http://tinyurl.com/lk5zxa
FTR I feel silly for leaving the bb at home. I'm quite attached to it 
FTSK is in Wisconsin...stupid finals are in my way of going to see them 
FTW: bought many books today  FTL: bit my tongue so hard it bled 
FU 8am blocked caller!!!! I hope you choke for waking my hung over ass up  it's gonna take me forever to fall back asleep...
Fu...... WORK!!!!! I HATE MY BOSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : Fu...... WORK!!!!! I HATE MY BOSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  http://bit.ly/3zhoKB
fuccccckkk watching movies like this alone is really not a good idea 
FUCCCK! STEVE WIEBE FAILED 
Fuccckkk I don't think my mom's picking me up 'til 6. 
Fucc'n traffic mann!!! Still by the Getty Center been here for like half an hr. 
FUCH I LOVE the new iPhone software upgrade. I can do anything now, well almost anything except video  still it's mad!!!!!
fuck  ipod it is broken  sadness is rushign though my heart as we speak
fuck  it sucks not having a job 
fuck  the syg tank I order is printed on a  wife beater  worst day ever
fuck A levels! 
Fuck a mall. Bumming it out @ emilys house 
fuck acid reflux? meh, it hurts so bad.  i wonder if this is why people commit suicide? omfg.   you guys don't even know.  fmlfmlfmlfml
Fuck allergies I can't take it anymore!!!!! And my day doesn't end until 830 
Fuck apples to apples. No one gets me 
Fuck beans there's a lot of traffic in hollywood today 
fuck boys! 
Fuck bw I'm starting to realise I'm not seeing coldplay. I have their concert taped but still 
Fuck Cambridge and fuck having no income 
fuck central and their stupid ways 
Fuck Degrassi, even though it's all I ever watch anymore. 
FUCK DiGi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! aaaaah. i habis credit 
fuck economics 
FUCK FUCH FUCK will have to wait for stupid iPhone software  I fail..
Fuck fuck fuck . Sucking @ life atm .  @nadinecheri @lindseyislegit .
Fuck fuck fuck dropped my phone on the concrete  fucked the scroll wheel up a bit.
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck 
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK !!! I JUST FLOODED MY KITCHEN 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck I have to restore 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck never never i fucking hate my fuckling bitch for a mom fuck i hope no one iz made at me 
fuck german! Screwed it up this time  Looks like a her fur me. tmr English going to get the 8... Jeezj
Fuck guess I'm not making it out to chitivas tonight. Ended up in the ER instead  FML
fuck hormones. They're the only reason I feel lonely right now. 
fuck i can't find HAWX 
FUCK I DONT WANT TO LEAVE NOW 
Fuck I feel played; I was readin the clock at thr bar an thought I had 15 minutes to work. Turns out it's 15 fast.  fail
FUCK I FORGOT ABOUT SVU. not. happy. 
FUCK i forgot conan started tonight  i missed the first 30 mins. im sad. 
Fuck I got the red rings 
Fuck I hate acid reflux. Had it for about 17 hours straight now  Gone from sharp biting pain to long dragging dull pain.
Fuck I have korean school tomorrow 
fuck I just woke up to my pup jumping on my crotch. Sorry @amberrbabyy I fell asleep. 
fuck I missed FOB lol 
fuck i REALLY wanna play WoW right now 
Fuck I rly want 2 strap on these rollerskates n go walk my dog but I can't get them dirty till I use them in another photoshoot  boo
Fuck i sat on the cat once again 
Fuck i wanna chill with someone 
FUCK I WANT A RIDE SOMEWHERE 
fuck i was nearly crying walking home, rianna was telling me about when her mam died how she kept hoping &amp; thinking shes wake up 
Fuck I wish I hadn't seen her today.  she completely put me back down just by seeing her. My heart is shattered
fuck I'm ready for bed. still at work though then like a 25 min ride home 
Fuck I'm so sickkkkkkkk I don't wanna mooove 
Fuck I'm so tired I'm having a hard time focusing on text, and I have 2 more tasks to complete today 
Fuck I'm tired, hey. Went to sleep at like 3:30am, then Nathan &amp; my faggot brother woke me up at 7am  I'm gonna be so fucked for tonight.
Fuck is yahoo! weather talking abt light rain!? i jus had 2 walk 6 blocks and was fucking drenched 
fuck it ...i wanna do somethin   not getting to say goodbye properly  to ppl who matter ...
FUCK IT FUCK IT FUCK IT! 
fuck it! jayasuriya blows it! 
Fuck it`s raining 
FUCK ITS FREEZING HERE,BRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRB  I NEED A HOT BOYFRIEND
fuck its only 7:30pm and it feels like this night will never end.  the longest night of my life
fuck its pissing down with rain ... AGAIN god i hate glasgow 
fuck just seen the photos. never going out in swimwear again. ever. no ifs, no buts. I knew i shouldn't have succumbed to peer pressure 
FUCK LIFE REALLY HARD, JUST TAKE IT AND FUCK IT LIKE NO TOMORROW OH MY GOD!!   
fuck limewire. now where am I going to download the new Eyes Set to Kill CD? 
FUCK LOVE, FUCK LIFE 
fuck man a month and twenty eight days. CANNOT come fast enough. AND cheerleadings over  idk what to do with myself. emotional wreck.
Fuck man chomo is coming on too twitter suppose i cant type about him anymore    Or can I?????????
Fuck Man i just found out today that the doctors gave my grandfather only 2-6 weeks to live.....  this is some depressing shit...
Fuck man! I HAVE TO WORK TONIGHT!!! 
Fuck man, I'm so sleepy... getting ready for school. 
Fuck man. I gotta pay for my window replacement... 
Fuck Man. That Ice Cream was dope. Chocolate Therapy is crazy... Ps Twitter why aren't you working 
fuck mapquest  ..finally on my way to @Smile_iLikeyou 's house
Fuck me i have 6 horny kittens people following!!! 
fuck me my cd keeps skipping 
Fuck me, my life, just fuck EVERYTHING. Just lost the LOVE of my LIFE. 
fuck me..my car jus got towed 
Fuck Mr Pizza! Not having anything from there ever again! Feel sorry for the loo 
Fuck my bank balances are unavailable 
FUCK MY BROKE BACK. Woke up in pain this morning. 0 sick time. Sunday time &amp; a half pay. Fuck this sucks!!! 
Fuck my brother breaking my car 
fuck my car lol stupid check engine light now im bored with my family 
fuck my collarbone hurts 
Fuck my computer. It no longer has internet for no explanable reason.. 
fuck my face burns 
Fuck my foot hurts 
Fuck my gums. And fuck having to fill out paperwork so I can't go to elitch's 
FUCK MY LIFE  uggggh! SO pissed up :'( STUPID CAREERS PROJECTS DON&quot;T HELP EITHER! 
Fuck my life im tired of everything  just kill me now    this is why i hate myself
Fuck my life, for real. My D&amp;G Light Blue was 3 days old before the bottle shattered. R.I.P.   Anyone wanna donate to the fund...?
Fuck my life. I hate today 
FUCK MY LIFE. Stupid dicks who are supposed to be friends! ARGHHHHHHHHHHH. :'( IHML 
Fuck my life. Text me please. I'm bored and stuck on the side of the highway... 
Fuck My Life: @TimothyH2O and now im mad  lol. last years AI, my friend was offering me backstage.. http://bit.ly/13bAc3
fuck my nose hurts 
Fuck no internet damn time warner!
FUCK NO! The stream went and they're about to show the clip! Someone help meeee 
Fuck not being tired. I wanna sleep. But i cant. 
Fuck now I have to @jimjonescapo talk shit all night! The Cavs seriously let me down 
Fuck off Hayfever  I hate you!
fuck off rain!! 
fuck offff, cant do no aerobic on the wii cus i've hurt my foot! 
Fuck only have 25 minutes left of lunch and I'm still at the restaurant waiting  grr! I even called ahead of time!
Fuck politics. Read everything and still dnt get differences between GFA and SAA 
fuck sake  ughh.
Fuck sake man  too many things to do!
Fuck sake, I would have sworn it was Sree, now Beinazir will go 
fuck SAT's 
FUCK SAT'S! There is nothing I wanna do less than wake up early &amp; take a 5 hour test. It's summer! I shouldn't have to!! 
fuck shakespear 
fuck shit my sandal just broke.. 
Fuck slept to hard thank these nigs left me by myself 
Fuck space mountian for breaking!!!! We were next. . .                
FUCK SQUIRREL EYE SOCKETS! my thesis sounds like fart DX ahhh im gunna fail history 
fuck that shit, I'm crying. Fucking Avril making me all sad/ 
Fuck that. Im over today. 
Fuck the day flies when u got 3647 things to do and only 8 hours to do it in!! 
FUCK THE GYM 
fuck the math test! i DO NOT born to numbers 
Fuck the vet. My dog feels helpless. 
Fuck the world its coming to an end! @hom0milk needs his fucking lost in order to survive!  sue me
fuck there was a spider in my shoe! 
Fuck this fucking headache. 
fuck this i dont get it 
Fuck this life 
fuck this rain, cant do photoshoot tomorrow 
Fuck this Romeo and Juliet holiday homework. 24 scenes to do. So much worrrkkk 
Fuck this shit! 
Fuck this shit...lemme go back to beddddd 
fuck tonight  
Fuck u west test... But at least its over.. For today. Shit 
Fuck wana-b ass ninja emo kid, plz dnt stick me wit him all day 
Fuck why did i wake up right now 
Fuck why is god doing this 2 me i dont wanna feel this way.  my life sucks.
Fuck work i wanna party 
FUCK YEAH REESE! ....oh....you're dead 
Fuck yeah, I'm a guy friend!!! 
fuck yes, TMNT movie marathon!!!!! well, till i have to leave in an hour 
Fuck You - Lily Allen, ftw. I wish it was Summer 
Fuck you Channel 7 and iQ for the damn show running over time and me not getting to see the reunions 
Fuck you chemistry I don't care about Electrolysis 
fuck you dvd player..you wont let me watch my movie 
Fuck you fever for ruining my plans. Guess I'm not going to MOD after all 
Fuck you headache, fuck you. 
fuck you marketing report, i'm going to get you finished even if it takes me all night.  which it will 
Fuck you Mr Sandman! FUCK YOU!  - C
fuck you sundried tomatoes, was all excited about eating you, and you taste like shit! how disappointing 
fuck you tony  
Fuck you! Ugh!! 
Fuck you, Splendour 2nd lineup.  at least I saw Sigur Ros last year. Take that bitches! I want to go see Architecture in Helsinki but. 
Fuck you. I hate you.    
fuck you.. i know how to spell it.. thanks for texting back.. 
Fuck Youtube, Fuck youtube up their stupid white asses. 
Fuck! 4 am! I had planned on being in bed at 1, I have no disciple what so ever, someone help me! 
fuck! am cam uitat flash  hai cu memoria...
fuck! billy madison was on tv, and its half way done, I MISSED IT 
Fuck! I burned my thumb, 
Fuck! I missed the fight b/c I was sleeping like a baby by 5 pm  
Fuck! I wanna get the iphone update!!! But I'm stock at work till 9 pm!  anyone updated yet?
fuck! im not over the ATL show. still wna go.. so badly 
Fuck! in 2hrs time I will be in the exam hall sitting textiles exam.  helllllllllllllllllpppppppppppppppppp
Fuck! Its starting to rain and I don't have a sweater  stop raining!!! Pleaseee!!!
FUCK! just spilled the contents of sick bin onto my floor  yes i still hadnt emptied it. suppose i better clean it now eh.
Fuck! My mom accidently smashed my middle finger with a huge rock, lol. I can't type or play any type of games right now. 
FUCK! my peavey head and ALL of our band money got jacked today!  this is such bullshit
Fuck! My pics are too big to send via Twitpic. 
Fuck! New job wants me to train tonight.... and I was supposed to go out/ relax tonight 
Fuck! No clean underwear left  looks like today is going to be commando laundry day
FUCK! so much work to to &amp; im so tired :\ 
Fuck! Things have just very complicated  I'm so confused
FUCK!! the lightht in my work room is not workin, can't see the darn keyboard! have to adjust my night vision to even type this tweet 
Fuck!!! 
Fuck!!! ???????? ?????????!!!   
FUCK!!! i cracked me nose  off to da hospital 2moz then..
fuck!!! i have school tomorrow im going to be so tired....wish i could sleep in...my mom would never give me a ride over 
fuck!!! my trackball is stuck 
Fuck!!!! I need to pack 
FUCK!!!! Its always the same 
Fuck!!!!! No Blink 182 this summer!!  Why must everyone skip out on Portland, Maine?
FUCK!!!!!!!!! Well looks like I have to join the new ipod club now! It finally died. for good. 
fuck,  just ran out of coffee....now i have to go outside.... 
fuck, dont wanna go to soccer trainng 
fuck, guess i missed foreign exchange last nite 
Fuck, hurry up 
fuck, i don't wanna be alone anymore 
fuck, i think one of those camera's caught me turning on a red light! 
fuck, I'm in so much pain  and its so pathetic haha
fuck, im stupid. i has a safty pin in my mouth.. and it stabbed into the roof of my mouth. 
Fuck, my brother and his wife just got the Red Ring of Death! No more concert tonight. 
Fuck, my ubertwitter is broken. I can't see replies 
Fuck, my vaio crashed 
Fuck, no chance at all 
FUCK, still waiting so I can go to buy it .. &gt;  FUCK THIS
Fuck, they turned it over. 
FUCK. . Work  texttt me
Fuck. 3am with my iPod full volume trying to drown out the bullshit going on outside my room  ugh I wanna go home 
Fuck. After oversleeping big time!!! Block class in 12mins. 
fuck. damn tired 
Fuck. Fuck. FUCK. 
Fuck. Had to look... Acct here we go again 
fuck. i don't want to go to work today!! 
Fuck. i just chewed my nail off!! They were long too! 
FUCK. I MADE A CUP OF TEA AND LEFT IT DOWNSTAIRS. 
Fuck. I spent all night editting a video &amp; the program crashed.  I think I'm going to cry....
Fuck. I think I've unfollowed him.  
FUCK. it looks like this bugfix will result in a huge rewrite. original implementation was not according to specs in the first place 
fuck. ive lost my Puma bag 
Fuck. Just realized i am currently washing my nice in-ear iPhone headset, along with the last set of laundry before WWDC 
FUCK. Just tabbed out of TF2 and got kicked for it 
FUCK. Just woke up! Running SUPER late. Uh oh. They aren't going to be happy 
fuck. my cut is stingingggg  KAWAWA!
FUCK. My dad turned the radio on and my headphones are upstairs.  Boo.
FUCK. One point too low. Gotta come back again tomorrow to donate 
Fuck. Someone on the next table is wearing Georgio perfume I think. Ruining the taste of my food and wine 
Fuck. Squirrel Hands Boy lost 
fuck. took my tongue web piercing out to clean the ring, couldn't get it back in, hole's closed  bye bye $70. fml
fuck. wanted to go to Awakeri hot pools with emma and some other friends but can't get a ride back in 
Fuck.!..again?   And wiff her...
Fuck.. I really should try harder to stay sober 
Fuck.. Someone stole my music player.. I was out of car for just 30 seconds and its gone.. 
fuck.. was sleeping and woke up choking to death. wtf is up with that! the universe does not want me to sleep 
Fuck... I  just burned my mouth with this hot tea  No Bueno
Fuck... I think I swear too much. 
Fuck... listening to &quot;Imagine&quot; makes me really sad... 
fuck... way to stress already... have wrong book &amp; wont be there the day of the final exam... or i'll be missing a red sox game.  
fuck.... boss just responded &amp; i work 2-8     
FUCK.... might have to forget the London Summit. 
fuck...i just want to see him! ohz wellz leaving to florida sunday! 
Fuck...my eyes are like piss holes in the snow 
fuck...no basketball or football for awhile. 
fuck...xbox is broken again 
Fuck.If i could, I could talk to him and stare into his beautiful green eyes.But he's a pothead and hangs out with the most lamest people 
fuck;  i want to tell you how i feel. but i can't  -sigh-
Fucked something up and I'm resetting my laptop 
Fucked up again  
fucked up my ankle  just a bit devo
Fucked up my passport form. Not even enough space to blank out the boxes and re-write it.  *Puts 'go to post office' in iCal for tomorrow*
FUCKEN COLD. GO AWAYYYYYYYYYYYY AHHHHH/ 
fucken francis and roy  fucked up my cod 5 cd
Fucker left town for good.  http://twitpic.com/6pc4j
Fucker of a headache 
fuckfuckfuck the hotty weather! 
fuckin bored as fuck in skool yo wtf someone save me 
Fuckin bored ugghhhh that's fucked up I wanted to watch hangover even though I already saw it  stupid @Seaneezy08
FUCKIN DAVE BUSH   http://twitpic.com/7zgnh
Fuckin insomnia... y can't I sleeeeppp? 
fuckin long beach cops make me sick  lol
Fuckin shit. Went to bed at 230 woke up at 630..I haven't gotten a good night sleep in idk how long! Somebody save me 
Fuckin tangerine tree, scrapped the shit outta meee 
fuckin weather 
FUCKING AFTERSHOCKS!!!! I'm so not getting any sleep tonight. Anyone want to stay the night with me? I have a horrible fear of quakes 
fucking aggro. i don't know how much longer i can cope with this 
FUCKING AHHHH! My parents know i smoke now  these are gunna be the shittest couple of weeks ever...
fucking allergy!i'm sitting at home with heat and sneezing 
Fucking apprentice ! kate so should have won 
Fucking Armageddon. Gets me every time 
Fucking blah - that 12V on 5V rail incident blew up *half* of my 128x64 LCD  Time to get a new one + 2 weeks shipping 
Fucking bored at home at the moment, Coventry sucks balls 
fucking boredd as hell !! 
Fucking Cacti is driving me bananas. Why can't this use nice config scripts like Nagios. XML+GUI is frustrating and painful. 
Fucking Cavs  Getting outplayed my Orlando plain and simple. #NBA
fucking ceeebbbzznesss on curling the other side of my hair !!!! 
fucking cocks..i want sushi 
Fucking cold 
fucking conjunctivitis! no party for me tonight wahhhh 
fucking cough! 
fucking douche bag mother. making me get off of the computer to clean. I WAS HAVING SEXY TIME WITH @JOEsus &amp; it was starting to get hot 
Fucking figures. I get back and Dean signs off.  SHITTIEST WEEK EVER? I think so.
fucking final cut it taking AGESSSSSS to render the smalest files  any one got any ideas? there like 6meg files and its takeing like 20ms
fucking graduation in the morning  nighttttt~
fucking heart 
fucking hell  http://bit.ly/x2AkK that made me feel physically sick 
Fucking hell it's hot in these plants. Outside temp: 91.8 degrees, Inside plants: about 5-10 degrees hotter + humid to boot. Eff my life. 
fucking hell! might not be camping for mcfly now  ERGH.
Fucking high and peeing in a bush with work tomorrow 
Fucking hungry 
FUCKING HUNGRY! 
fucking in pain while I sleep twisted my ankle really bad  playing basketball at stewart park ova south! damnn. tweet me bored.
fucking insomnia... i just want to sleep  
Fucking iTunes update - changed my new podcast checking from Manual to Every Day, so now I'm 15% over where I should be on my peak quota 
Fucking Migraine!  the worrsstt!
Fucking miss my hair  how long does hair take to grow back long :@!!
Fucking missed stealing o'neal 
Fucking music. 
fucking no fair...everyone's seeing No Doubt in Tampa tonight. I need to see my girlfriend, Gwen. 
fucking phone is broken now 
fucking rain!! 
Fucking rain...  stuck at home...and last day with my phone... i miss phatty already! nobody's snores like yu lol
fucking roadworks out the front of our house 
Fucking rockford cops...taking information from someone about me that is obviously not me...now i have to prove it's not me..im upset 
fucking sexy homeboy is dead  poor bb.
fucking shit ! I want that phone already -____-&quot; mine keeps dying . 
fucking shit scared in this caravan.  keep thinking i see things.  and i have the big light on aswell. 
Fucking sick Roy killed the baby bunny in my backyard!! 
fucking sooo hungover. and sick. ugh.  great night tho  except I put my head through megans wall. I don't remember :S
Fucking Tivo Hard drives going out 
Fucking twitter. What's wrong with you? No one's updates are sending to my phone 
Fucking typical. GH:M arrives just as I leave for work. It's going to be a long day 
fucking why? 
Fucking work from 33O til 2 am again.  it fucking sucks.
Fucking work meetings at 7:30 I hate work I'm tired 
Fucking Xbox Live is down, no Rock Band or new songs for me 
fuckk school, i wanna chill with my baby tomorrow 
Fuckk. This chest pain is unbearable 
fuckkk idk if i wanna do football anymore...mo's done and idk if john is able to do it.. 
fuckkk its cold  stupid non warm house
fuckkkk i just woke up. babysitting until 5.  
Fuckkkk.... no more myspace.  i guess theres all ways twitter....
fuckkkkk, ahhh I hate this :'( ... bad,why can't I let it go?  
fuckkkkk....i think i've got RSI 
fuckkkkkk my life. tonight is already not turning out well.  I can see a very crappy ending.
Fuckkkkkkk force india out  #f1
fuckkkkkkkk  i'm going crazy 
Fuckkkkkkkkk My dipstick broke  I just ordered a new one, but that's $21 for all for nothing. FML!
fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk whacked my little toe on the arch way eeeep! im so much pain 
Fucks sake! I can't even bleeding jog... stupid knee hurts after falling of the trampoline! Can life get any worse? Oh yeah, school soon! 
fucksake i fogot how the game game worked and lost all my items       ohhh weeeel weekend 
Fucksticks. Just handed in my essay for the deadline, so it's 4 I'm about to drive to BT and @angeloys finishes at 5. Long wait outside 
fucxx its Brick outside 
Fudge, I have to get braces before school starts. 
Fudge, maths tomorrow 
fuel girl buggy flipped over with 5people on in-many injurys 
fuel is low. road is congested. body combat class starts in 7 minutes 
Fuga al ranchooo  please please llevenme please please
fuggin bored... I want my truck back 
fuhkc a bug bit me and now im paranoid to sleep. damn it 
Fuiii, Twitter off até a hora do almoçoo!! 
fuk dont have her number on mii 
fuk no parking at my  favorite beach  boooo
fukin missing yew. ii need yew 
Fukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk... I wuz sleepin good and now i gotta wk after a long fuN nite!!!  Shyttttttttt 
ful from mothers day lunch. man, i cant believe the lakers got blown out 
full    I blame the ever delicious bacon quesadillas...
full ack! http://is.gd/17xzU I know the BaW principle all too well 
Full Avocado* grr. I #tweet-too-fast  It's difficult not to, twitter is like crack and I'm very addicted. 
Full belly from taste panel: jerk chicken, meatballs, apple-pear sauce, scalloped mash potat, brisket sandwich, &amp; more. No dinner for me 
Full government disclosure on nukes. Http://tinyurl.com/qdja44 Yay?  ?
Full moons - crazy nights - resting at home w cousin rocio n jess watchin greys  georgie!!! Waaah
Full of carbs...feeling like a fatty 
Full of hate for the new 89 schedule. I just want to go home 
Full of hayfever today and feeling crap. 
Full of very tasty chow main.  But forgot to eat the fishdisks    They will make good munching for the rest of the night though.
Full periods , tomorrow. 
Full tea with Heather + infant = Epic Fail!  For some reason Morgan hates me to eat and if she sees, starts crying 
full...back to work 
Fully awake.  Where's my dinner, ma?  I'm tooo spoiled 
fully booked isn't texting me 
Fullybooked*. BTW, where are you @theBerri? I miss you tweeting me... 
fuming that someone tore pages out of a library book 
Fuming that we have rolling mist and fog &amp; its cold. No working outside in the garden for me at the mo  Come on sun, stop hiding!
fun acoustic set at loch raven..ottobar canceled 
Fun date with new cutie. Wish she didn't hav to work tonight. 
fun day at the beach! Almost learned how to successfully skim board but it's too impossible and I'm far too uncoordinated 
fun day at the lake with @jeepgirlie, @heyrick, and the wifey. w00t! now the wifey's is off and leaving me in the dust for the night 
Fun day of hiking... Early day at work tomorrow 
Fun day! Wish I was still there, but too bad I feel like crap. 
fun day. took bailey to the park with brit, frisbee, humane society, pet store, and starbucks. i love summer. work tomorrow 
fun day: Dollywood, Lake with friends. Teaching tomorrow morning at The Gathering. Last CSPC talk ever 
fun earthquake earlier! dont like being sickk 
Fun fact #1 I jumped off a bridge once and have a scar on my foot 
fun fun weekend...boring boring saturday night 
Fun knitting knitting with my friends.  As 2 of us left together, she said sadly, &quot;I'm going to miss you.&quot;  I'm going to miss them.  
fun night in davis! 5 hours of sleep and clean up  now back to reality
Fun night. Loved catching up with everyone. Boo work tomorrow 
fun niightt with ryan, upset with someone i wanted to be with 
Fun reading. Theraflu pit stop on the way home to pass out. 
Fun show. Not as many kids as Adelaide by fun none the less 
Fun time yesterday at &quot;all stars&quot;.. couldnt believe i m back on my ride to office .. 
fun times. just broke my usb stick.. like literally broke it..  
Fun times: Just proved someone wrong while trying to prove them right - they did make a mess of things 
Fun watching the boys play softball! I have work sooooo early tomorrow 
Fun weekend comes to an end 
Funding battle with Ottawa could sidetrack Toronto streetcar project http://tinyurl.com/n8vkcc (via @CBCNews). Useless federal gov't. 
funeral for my favorite jeans.  i need retail therapy!
funeral sunday....my brain is on the fritz! 
Funeral today  It's gonna be an emotional day all round.
Funeral today. Please pray for me. I have major back pain and I have to play piano for a couple hours today. 
Funfact: I'm getting a shower! And ripping the PS3 out of the Bravia. I don't like things not being mine. 
funnest time of the week  ... scanning film on a pokey slow KM scanner... but haste makes waste
funniest prolly would of sufficed oh well 
funny bones arent funny. they hurt 
Funny home videos....... Wah........ Lonely 
Funny how common sense goes out the window - the more extreme one's politics. Both left and right! How to make partisan points on Iran 
Funny how I finally get used to getting up early on my last day at GME each week. Oh well! Wishing I didn't have to work tonight 
Funny night, but Matt was picked on too much. 
funny thing is.. some of my @replies dont show in my all friends timeline, but show only in replies! CRAZY this thing is! 
Funny thing...in order to #dream, you kinda have to sleep! 
funny website but sill bored 
Funtime over, back to the painting 
FURIOUS beyond belief! Seriously need a hug!! 
furnace is back on ... June 6th *sigh* ... 56 was too cold ... with a cold coming on.   - EMOfest complete.
Furniture shopping stops being fun after hour two in the same store that you spent 2-3 hours in last weekend. 
Future Reflectionsssssss 
futuresonic last night was awesome....feel ill now 
fuu wee....im left with no plans 
Fuuck, why cant I live in LA?! I got invited to a movie premiere  For what I think will be an awesome movie! Wish I could have been there!
Fuudge..  i went from being #1 on sales for my branch.. To number three     someone come open an account with me!
Fuuuck epic headache. Nurofens not even touching it!  Think I might get a checkup tomorrow... Been happening a bit lately! :S
Fuuuck I missed listening to crystal castles. I want them to come back sooo bad 
Fuuuck it's so early 
fuuuck. my friends went parting without me  gaay I wanna be out man imma go get a cigg.
Fuuuuck my boobs hurt. I had to wake my son to feed him. Poor thing was sound asleep 
FUUUUCK there's an update i really, really wanna read but it's too long. I already read enough for today to add THAT much.  gah.
Fuuuuuck i missed my class enrollment appointment..now i have to wait till september 18 to enroll 
fuuuuuck my headache wont gp the fuck away! bad mood 
Fuuuuuck tomorrow is Monday that means a looooong week of work 
Fuuuuuck why do I always run out of money 
Fuuuuuck! Chuck got knocked out again.jesus I hope he retires now 
fuuuuuckkkkkkk! I just made a to do list to see how much shit I have to do..... 14 things!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhh I just wanna go swimming 
FUUUUUUCCK! Boys noize are playing tonight! Why do i forget 
Fuuuuuuuuck!!!! My hand keeps twitching 
Fuuuuuuuuck.  I hate hiccups!!!  I just want to sleep. 
fuuuuuuuuuck i hate schooool  1 term left yeeeew
fuuuuuuuuuck! can't make CRANK MOB tonight.. 
fuuuuuuuuuuuck! there's so much i wanna watch &amp; read, but i don't have the time -.- i wish i was capable of multi tasking xtreme 
Fuzzing with the forums, might have to install a real forums package later 
Fwd: And yet you make me seem like an asshole at times. -Cody, on how shitty of a girlfriend i am. 
Fwd: I guess nothing really twitter-able has really happened to me lately. 
Fwk my camera won't work! No Developers Diary today, i guess *Mumble* 
F-WORD.  My vacation hours suck  how the hell do ppl take 2 weeks off when I don't even have enough for 1 week and my vacation was in NOV?
fxck. why would everything n all plans just all of a sudden wanna go wrong a week before party. UGHH. omg. 
Fxxing screwed. Can't find any of my information. 
FYI - Waking up @ 9:45 when you have to work @ 10 is not a great way to start the day 
Fyi guys...I'm not getting tweets to my phone.... 
FYI no internets until THURSTAG!!!! after saturday  i have a feeling i will become 800x more productive during those days.
Fyi- putting makeup on under flourescents = FAIL. ... oh face-peely, why must you look so hideous? Also, wheres my lipstick? 
Fyi world ma ☎  fell off ma couch &amp; on 2 ma dumbells. Ma screens cracked now!! Tru meanin of a CRACKBERRY. 
FYI.. There is no bonus after the credits... 
FYI... last time i went to the park i sat in the baby swing.. and i really did get stuck. 
Fyi...riding a motorcycle all day makes your butt sore 
Fyi...the new green day cd sux balls i miss old green day. 
FYI: a stretch Hummer just rolled up. Yes, a stretch hummer in 2009!! Officially scared 
g night I'm gonna try n sleep hope this shit is gone when I wake up 
G%# D&amp;mn It Mot8+rf%6king Son-of-a-B%t=h!!!!!!! Spilled salsa on my pants today, changed, and left my keys in my other pants. $160 FAIL! 
G.E.R.D. keepin me up .... I knew I shouldnt of had that Large Asahi @ Sakur tonight .... 
G.morning ....... Abey anaaaaaaaaaaaaam 
g: i still can't sign up even in IE8 
G_GMoney17 -- hey babez! I need to be there like yesterday.  How are U?
g00d m0rning everybody ,,, need cup of coffee , i'm just waiting current lecture to finish 
g0nna wash our dishes. 
'g0od m0rning t0 you!  and bad m0rning to me... 'not feeling well, lumala ata sip0n at ubo ko..  -stay away virus!-
G1 just received an unexpected ota update. Can't tell what update has changed. Still can not be trusted to use Latitude 
g2g..but i want to stay! 
Ga bisa upload foto niii buat Twitter.. Padahal cuma 99 kb.. 
ga kuat bikin power point buat sidang...somebody help me please... 
Ga!! couldn't sleep last night then this morning a f**king loud bird woke me up at 7:00, didn't shut up until 9:00 when my alarm went off 
Gaaa interview over. Now to wait. 
Gaaaaa stupid MTV... its on MTV One at 9pm Monday.... POO!!! I don't have MTV and will know all the winners by then anyway! 
GAAAAAAH! I woke up and can't call back asleep! I guess I'm going to run on about 4 hours of sleep. 
Gaaaaaahd.ENGLISH. I don't get it. Why does she have to be so cruel? 
gaaaah im sick!! didn't stick around for lyle's show anymore 
GAAAAH Kirsten Stewart. She is SO AWKWARD. And looks like a crackwhore.  I'm pretty sure they pay her to act this way. #MTVmovieawards
Gaaah I think I killed the wireless in Abbey house!  Guess I'm not actually done working for the week yet...
Gaaah! nothing to do 
gaaah, this night is not crackin  wish i were in fairfield.
Gaaah.. why did i drink coffee at this time of night? I can't sleep  Oh well... more One Piece (Y)
Gaaahh.. I watched Up tonight. And yes, I cried during it. Three times. 
GAAAHHHHHH the white and black one is SUUPERRR cute!! but then i loooove my dress i have now too!  it's soo hard
gaah!, i feel like shit!, why does life have to be such a bitch!?... WHY!? 
gabbie, i dont even have a bookcase!  my aim password wont work
Gabe drank my contacts  ..
Gack, fixed the 'Things' 'Device Stopped Responding' issue by unpairing and (re)pairing. Still getting stuck sync screen 
Gads, yuk, filthy, mingin i could go on and on 
Gaga afterparty in Toronto is 25+ ...WTF?! SHE isn't even 25!  @ladygaga
Gaggin for a cigar  you know you want one @yallbaked ;)
Gah  just filled up on gas, full tank, two days ago. Now I'm at half tank!
GAH ! My phone is dying !  Who else with a bb clicks 'emergency call' just to restore their connections for one last tweet/bbm/txt ?! Haha
Gah ... Biztrip Monday so I can't use my &quot;get the car inspected on the first day of the month&quot; trick ... LONG lines 
gah 3 hour broadcast delay tor cbs online... So i have to wait 
gah another cold day 
gah back to work tomorrow 
GAH bubbles just popped and I smeared a little of it 
gah dirty negatives scanner at the shop  all my scans have been dust attacked  halp @adamadam!
gah got top tomorow morning fucking hell i hate that class so much  gonna try and change hope they move me or i will refuse to do work!
gah he got me again. same teams. this time 120-118 
Gah house cleaning time 
gah i dont want a laptop for my birthday 
Gah I hate numeric keypad typing. I want my iPhone back 
Gah I think my doctor just laughed at me. She's usually so nice 
gah im so crazy tiredd from work 
gah I'm tired Last night got me like this  But It was a great night though XD
Gah I've hurt my back 
Gah just remembered a friend's 21st party is tomorrow evening. Oh how sense is pleading with the rest of me not to go... 
gah looks like it was a trade up between msn and the napster scrobbler 
gah messed up my presentation today 
gah my back is killing me today. makes working on the computer hard as 
Gah my body is so weak 
GAH my hair is too short 
Gah my moms bedroom door is open and they wond stop fucking talking omg as if the heat wasnt already making it hard enought to sleep 
Gah really sick. I thinkim getting the flu 
gah so sickk  sposed to be grounded but went out last night anyway seriously who wakes up at 9:20 on a sunday ? theres sumn wrong wiv me
Gah stoopid f**kin' work PC still running Internet Explorer SIX!!! Can't reply to Tweets, can't delete my previous typo, technologo-fail 
Gah the twitter widget for blogger is so ugly. I guess i gotta get the flash one.  - http://tweet.sg
gah this caravan is so i dunno abit creepy.  i don't wanna turn the light out 
Gah this is fuuuucking ridiculous  I just need some bloody doctor to tell me I'm healthy THAT IS ALL.
gah!  i got the worst neckache ever!  i cant look left
Gah!  More rain this morning.  Today, we're in Haydn Valley, Fishing Bridge, Lake, and West Thumb areas. Last day in the park.  
Gah!  Nightmare last night that @modwheelmood broke up 
Gah!  Not being able to sleep sucks...there is no one to share the night with 
GAH!  these assignments are killing me!!!! T_T  computer science couldn't be much harder than this! I need to take a breather!help!!! 
GAH!  WHY does the cable always go out during new episodes of Intervention?! 
Gah! Buddy K is a must hang with person right now I miss him.  Along with Parker and McPhee.
GAH! hates when he has somehow upset someone he cares about and isnt sure what he did. 
GAH! I can't think of a title for the story I'm working on!  N I wanna post the first part.
GAH! I can't think of a title for the story I'm working!  N I wanna post the first part.
Gah! I just dropped my phone and now theres a huge ass scrape where it scratched the plastic off. 
Gah! I left my makeup pouch in the office! I so CMI with liq foundation 
gah! i love croatian weddings. but i have a real bad headache now 
Gah! I needz a hug 
Gah! I went to sleep too late to have to be up this early...  
gah! im starving! no tortillas for quesadillas &amp; moldy bread. no sandwich either  special k it is!  lame
Gah! Mondays... Never could get the hang of Mondays. Time to pop into the shower and force myself awake 
GAH! Moving in 13 days and I NEED to start packing....only I'm crippled and can't 
Gah! my blister freakin hurts 
Gah! My eyes are puffy. 
Gah! No bread! And worse still no supermarket access til 10! Tired AND breakfast-less, not a good combination 
Gah! Perfect sunglasses weather and mine are nowhere to be found. I need them to complete my look! 
Gah! Stuck at work and can't try out Opera Unite!  http://unite.opera.com/
GAH! Stupid home computer magnifies everything x72billion.I'M NOT A GRANDMA, I DON'T NEED THE F-ING LARGE PRINT!  I miss the dumb laptop. 
gah! the drilling in the office at work has started already and i've left my headphones at home 
Gah! The M40 has turned into a 4 mile long, 3 mph conga. 
Gah! The wait is killing me! 
gah! There eyedrops sting! Can't wear glasses or lenses tom! 
gah! why did my internet have to eff up as soon as eurovision started so I couldn't join in with #twumpet  My fav... http://bit.ly/1JSvW
Gah! Why does he have to go away for a week 
GAH!! got my thumb caught in a drawer and its now bruised  boo hoo.
gah!!! i am so confused i sent my class schedule to the wrong lady  oops but the new lady sent it to the old one and the old one wants to
GAH!!! I have this one project where somehow Cucumber tests just refuse to run 
Gah, 2 hours until I can fart about with new iPhone freely 
gah, 360's blown up.  Well out of warranty, going to have to get a new one 
gah, am sooo over house alarm going off. 3 times in 20 mins and its empty (still bing built) Please hurry up mr owner/builder man 
gah, audition went rubbish ! 
Gah, bunch of loud drunk douches across the train from me. 
Gah, Comcast doubled our cable/internet bill w/out telling us, so we are quitting.  Can anyone suggest an affordable company in bay area?
Gah, couldn't sleep. My brain just refused and I told my brain to shut it and it didn't. Going to be a long day 
Gah, holiday nearly over... Sigh. 
Gah, I am ALWAYS late to the party! I wish I had more free time to tweet 
Gah, i can't sleeep. And i have to work at 9. 
Gah, I can't wait for Twelve Sky 2 Open Beta. 
gah, I forgot that it's saturday and the majority of my webcomics do not update over the weekend 
Gah, I just can't get my mind set on my text for standup comedy 
Gah, I ran out of my v the other day and now My levels are all out of wack. I can really feel it now. A total depressive mess.  Le sigh...
Gah, I'll never get any of these trivia questions. I'm on sloooow dial-up, so takes forever to load webpages.  Boohoo. 
gah, it's raining...a lot :/ BBQ? I think not 
gah, tonsil infection sucks. I would very much want to remove my tonsils 
gah, wakin up with sore throat!!!  what the hell? how? FML.
Gah, why does she want me to go in for four hours? 
G'AH, workin' on a Sunday 
Gah.  But I don't WANT to be at work by 9. There is work to do for #Heroes for Autism!  And @housepetrelli.
Gah. Apple in ear expensive headphones annoying. I get zaps like electric shocks intermittently. Returned them at weekend, new ones same 
Gah. I think I like Wes Carr... Thats wrong. Nothing good has come out of Australian Idol, but his 'You' song is catchy as fuck 
Gah. Liverpool had an offer of about £18.5 million for Glen Johnson accepted last night - from The Times. Far too much money  #goalpostr
Gah. My tummy hurts, no cleaning for me.. 
GAH. NOW IM REGRETTING IT. D; Soooo tired. haha. I really need to get my bodyclock right again. �_� +  I WANT SOME CRANBERRY JUICE  lmao.
gah. please get outta my head. please. 
gah. sorry aboutt that 
Gah. this weekend of plans changing every 9 min is getting olllld. im missing some major MOH stuff tonight 
GAH. Twitter ads?   Drawbacks to #Twitter: ads &amp; also Twitter overloaded (slow and sometimes nonfunctional) at certain hours.
gah.. can`t even close tags these days.. man my skillz are so non-1337.. best get a job doing Frontpage on Win98 
Gah.. Finding nice cars anywhere near you is almost impossible, I need a miracle 
Gah... feeling dizzy and nauseous  I think I'll go sleep the rest of the day X_x
Gah... its Monday. And its raining. 
Gah... so much work to do... so little time... i bet i'm gonna get sick soon, it's like a tradition to get sick during iMovies... 
Gah... so stupid last night. Got drunk and played insecure jealous guy  I hate him and want to kick him out. How do I repair this now?
Gah... why is my Macbook Pro getting so frickin' hot just sitting on the table doing nothing? 
Gah...I`m sick. And I feel like I was ran over by a truck. My throat`s basically on fire. 
gah..i've had the hiccups for 30 minutes now. make it stop 
Gah; set off early this morning to avoid the M25 traffic. Arrived in plenty of time for pre-meeting, and discovered it's all cancelled 
GAHD I don't wanna say it. Something's seriously wrong and we need to fix it asap. 
Gahd need new lappy in order to play Sims3 
gahh  youthy school rush 
gahh I hate cold sores. they hurrrt 
gahh i have to work today  i really need to have some &quot;me&quot; time...
gahh i missed EVERYTHING cuz we had to shut our internet off 
gahh im at my brothers game 
gahh i'm so bored and i miss troy, and friends are retarded sometimes  whatever happened to life w/o drugs and drama and stupid fights? D:
gahh initial plan tak jadi  going to sleep instead of eating. pfft!
gahh my throat hurts really bad  
gahh work sucked balls 
GAHH! stupid science. its so hard attempting to make up dates. 
GAHH! washing machine had broken again  same fault as before, they'll replace every part b4 it works again at this rate
gahh!! i'm so tired right now. 
gahh, i wish i could french braid really good 
Gahh, now I feel guilty that I havent been reading MCR's tweets  But studying for exams come first, cuz I gotta graduate before I can rock
gahh, today was such a horrible tuesday. the first one without adam. 
gahh. exams. fuck offf, it's too early in the morning for me to care *insert yawn* 
Gahh.. I need some benadryl. I can't seem to fall asleep. Fml. 
Gahhh ! I am in sooo much pain 
Gahhh headaches suck  Had a fun match today though and even hung out with Dylan Mckay for a bit.
Gahhh I am so tired. And I cant get a hold of my parents 
gahhh my i cant see my followers 
Gahhh sch is a bore when there's nothing to do, and all sites/apps(aim,twitter,facebook,hotmail,etc) have been blocked!  sad sad times lol
gahhh studying is so hard! may have possibly only written my dot point summary..! 
GAHHH this better post  lakhfdkhgdsg, my twitter is being a biiiitch  @twitter YOUR A MEANIE!!! but i love u, marry me?
Gahhh today was boring 
gahhh twitter won't let me change my background image thing it's not working 
GAHHH where is everyone? 
gahhh why do I have to be sick before NYC!!! 
gahhh work now 
Gahhh, I have to sneeze. Sneezez hurt though 
Gahhh. It`s raining... AGAIN 
Gahhh. Last two days have been MARVELOUS. Why feel sicky now? 
gahhh.. im trying to change my piccaa on here and its not working 
gahhh.. missing Eli and Alex although i've not met them. 
Gahhhh my parents will not let me out of the house today.. they say i gotta study till its over 
Gahhhh. Having the most terrible headaches ever since Monday 
Gahhhh. They didn't pick up.  I just wanna get this over with!
Gahhhhh HeadAche  xxx
gahhhhh i want my fucking laptop back  stupid hp repair center.
Gahhhhh... Slumped across the couch, watching Home Improvement... It's so tired in here. 
GaHtta P. NeeD a cHarGe. sLeePy. (sittn n tHis Car).. FiNNa Go in Fo G.iPunky Diez! 
Gaids gaids gaids! I've forgotten my charger so no phone until I get home once my battery dies 
gained .7 pounds  however, I haven't been able to exercise really well in 12 days.  Going to attempt to start back today as foot seems ok
Gained 1 Follower. Only good thing of the day 
Gained 13 followers but ONLy went up like 9 since last night! 
Gained 3lbs wish I could afford something other than top ramen... If only I had a job... 
gained 5 lbs.  maybe it's because of all that jelly belly and kitkat. (
Gained a couple of pounds  so depressing!!
Gained a pound  i'm going to run 'til i die.
Gained back 4.5 lbs in 3 days... WTF?! 
Gaining a real urge to play on some Fable 2, but Jess has it at the moment  guess I have to carryon with Mission Impossible.
gaining weight is super hard 
Galavanting around Souderton with Jess and Jon! Last day of highschool ever tomorrow 
Galaxy tied, Timbers tied, and Sounders lost.. sad night of watching soccer 
Galloway municipal complex.... Damn my focus on finals. And forgetting to put up my handicap parking sign. And paying a huge fine!!! 
gambling wit my heart... do it or not to.. 
Game #4 tonight....Eww rain.. 
game at 9:30! blahh to early for this shit! :{ the work at 2 
Game canceled, rain 5 miles away, but lots of lightning, wish I hadn't had hand full of chicken nuggets and apple as I ran out the door 
Game Design Student (BA Creative Computer Games Design, Swansea Metropolitan University), PC Gamer who can't watch E3, makes me bitter. 
game in point pleasant at two. so far awayyy... 
Game looks stiff. Really does, not pleased 
Game rained out again  Reading then bed...cape in the morning!
Game rained out... 
Game time! (I have a headache) 
game tonight, exam tomorrow and it's raining therefore i don't want to do anything  lol
Game was okay, we lost, and I hurt really bad. Like almost broke my wrist hurt 
game yesterday was amazing...even though we lost  I got the most AMAZING heels ever!!! i'm finishing up my Father's Day gift right now!!!
Gamed Suikoden: Tierkreis, then appeared to miss something I didn't wanna miss, so I shut it off without saving. Hate when that happens. 
GamerDNA's WoW img signature seems to hate me.  It doesn't want to update my character to her current gear. 
Games got cancelled today... 
Gametrailers.com has, of course, started maintence in the middle of my break. Little new e3 goodness for me 
gamta cancelled! so i'm wide awake waaaay too early for my liking + i now have nothing to do today 
Gamu-gamos are everywhere  They're freaking me out.
Ganon has to have surgury. 
Garage sales with pops this morning? Listenin to coheed and cambria. Good times. Kansas weather is kickin in. 
Garbage trucks are really loud :/ I just got a death update. David Carradine died 
Gardasil ow ow ow 
Garden wildlife seen this week includes Badger, Hedgehog and Bat. Cats brought us our first (dead) Shrew of the year too 
Gardening at a cost!  Sliced my hand a few days ago and now tweaked my back, must be getting old 
Gardening today (and yesterday) 
Gardening: don't let deer netting touch the ground. Found a rat snake entangled, strangled in the net. 
Garett just told me about North Korea; I'm afraid 
garh tomorrow's Monday again ! 
Garlic Triscuits. And they were so tasty. 
garr! rain?! its supposed to be nice weather! 
Garrr, iTunes says it can't reach the update server  Screenshot: http://bit.ly/6vV75
Gary a dick no wayyyyyy  ge'ez u sound like me in my younger days LOL
gary papa died  philly heads, you will know who i am talking about. i feel sad.
Gary's first time to the Mic, playing something that I guess I should know but do not 
Gas fitters just finished for the day, still no gas or hot water  but most of the electrics back on and cold water so all good.
Gas is definitely going back up...just spent $60 to fill up 
gasol makes it 90-89!  but howard gets fouled underneath and one   91-90
gassy stomach again! 
Gastro seems to be the latest buzz word around uni 
Gathering @starbucks to say goodbye to the first wave of bloggers heading home 
Gathering a few things to head to the boat 
Gathering data and getting ready to wipe Win7 to XP64. WoW randomly crashing was the last straw. Super sad. 
Gav passed out after having an awesome night with the guys..... Lucky 
Gave away my soccer tickets today 
Gave Corey his wake up call at 6:30, Khian is fed and cooing, Collyer is still sleeping I wish I was  I have a crush on a secret someone!!
Gave her hubby his fathers day gift since he pretty much ruined the surprise 
gave herself a second degree burn..  big surprise
gave in - oh yes he did 
gave in  shabu shabu w. khoi khoi
Gave in 2 meeting chrissy at waffle house.   she's such a bad influence.
Gave my letter  Feeling kinda depressed though.
Gave myself a headache... High pitch whistles are NOT ear drum friendly 
Gave the boat back  travelling the nxt 2 days! cnt wait 2 C my 2 sp... Read More: http://is.gd/K3Mk http://yfrog.com/0zwdplj
Gave up after two... im bored! 
gave up and had to google to work out how to autologin windows 7 on startup... Is this an improvement over XP? 
gave up half wat through watching ghost as my head hurts. Night my 3 followers.. haha how sad i need more 
Gave up on finding my ipod  it's never been missing this long before
Gave up trying Empathy(2.16.1). It is a big #FAIL  Unable to connect to google even in 7 retries. Yahoo does work well though.
Gave up wandering in the rain. Will sleep (or try to) on the couch--closer to the door so I can hear in case kitty returns  #FML
Gavin, you'll get your tony someday  #tonys
Gavin's new do.  I liked his mop hair  http://twitpic.com/7mbps
gawd - there is not enough of me - just got another after hours job from now to EOFY 
gawd damnit...maxi in the rain... 
gawd i hate to sleep i miss all the good stuff  but im very happy now lol!!
gawd im sucha loser. i usually have all of these insightful thoughts but since i joined twitter im lame. SUCH a loser. (5 followers  )
Gawd in so out of it.... Presentations for my ENG class.. So freakin scary! I didn't even finish it. I kno I'm a bad person. 
GAWD!. If only that dream actually happened last night.... 
Gawd, I can't sleep and its 5 AM 
gawd...I think I borked my router...  Stupid Verizon router gui. Grrrr.
Gawddamn. Sunburnt from the searing blast of rays this afternoon. And yet @elinne still couldn't audition! must wait till next sat 
Gawds. The news is just horrible today.  Am going 2 stop reading the news.
gay gay gay i wana c demi but chi concert in on shabbat  and everywhere else shes goin is liek 5 hours awayyyy gayyyy 
Gay guys are mean to me  or they're just bitches.. Whyyy!
gay marriage ban upheld.. n. korea missle fired... amongst other bad news 
Gay prom was waaayyyy cooler than regular prom xD walked in a walk off, tehe, had nightmare  1984 reminiscent...
Gay! It didn't come out right  eff you twitter
Gayle is the wrong guy on the wrong team much like Brian Lara   #t20wc
gayyy, there's like no honey in the fridge 
Gb twittera... Time 2 sleep! Tomorrow have 2 work 
GCRM summoned the failwhale 
GCSE drama courcework, 
GCSE music breaks my heart 
GCSE Revision   Which is made more bearable with a bit of music to cheer me up 
GCSE's here I cooooome 
GCSES start this week 
Gd day yest - my beloved Gers won 2-0 (keeping the dream alive) &amp; saw Wolverine &amp; had nice meal out with my guy - never enough time tho 
g'damn... Next weekend is now completely booked too  Gotta go down to SD.
G'day my tweeps hope ur all well .. I'm not doing anything exciting today but stay at home and relax the weather is still crappy 
G'Day! No more concerts 'till 9th July  so... let's get back to work... F@$% !!!!!
Gear from Medieval Merchant posted yesterday minus the bracelet - Boooo 
gear troubles all day long! 
Gearbox irs gear box: Hi all got IRS G box leaks  fitting to other chassis wot do i repair or re.. http://tinyurl.com/nja9ct #volkzone #vw
gearing up for a long day of work... 
gearing up for mr wiest's fight. thn heading home 
Gears of War 2 Double EXP weekend is almost over  Too bad I didn't really get to take advantage of it
GEAUX TIGERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Sad I can't watch the CWS. No tv in omena. 
Gedy is not feeling well 
gee I'm always tired on the weekend... want to be out with my man but he has to work!  hate being a teenager! haha SOMETIMES!
Gee I'm still outta my element. I can't even type! Without typos! 
Gee thanks bff! 
Gee thanks, tell me the day out is cancelled and they all go anyway...  Bad day already and I've only been up for 40 minutes...
Gee, what a way to end the school year 
Geeez my bf wont text me back and neither will my friends. I am so lonely 
geeez... these 4 hour sleeps during my work is killing me, I can't even lie  but on the bright side TGIF
Geeks not here for one of the 24th's *Sadface* 
geekswithblogs.net is down  - http://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/geekswithblogs.net http://bit.ly/fxDf1
Geen I need you with me not anywhere else 
Gees, I'm really tired today! Couldn't sleep, all sweaty and back on fire  ah well, I can only blame myself for that.
Gees, the Iranian fascists are busy today....poor girl  http://bit.ly/XBzEb
Geez - maintenance!  ah well, work is killing me again today....
geez @fdaallday  you've alread seen DRAG ME TO HELL too ? fuuuuuuuuuuuck...this is why i miss living in LA  how was it ?
Geez Au Bon Pain's latte costs the same as Starbuck's. Only difference is that I prefer the Bux 
Geez I hate traffic. Driving back from Palm Desert. Now in gridlock on 58 west 
geez its so cold   winter sux
Geez- I've been in the kitchen all day and I can't come up with anything creative to cook up for dinner 
geez my mom is grumpy...  bad deal...
Geez the weather has been so weird these past 2 days, and to top it all off, I'm sick 
Geez this storm is intense!!! I wish it would wait until later! So I wudnt have to swim breaststroke! 
Geez! Dang it! I missed the radio show  I'm so sad! @davidarchie
geez! God! i beg Your bless everyday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Geez! I wish i had a man to come home to that could rub mah shoulders after a long day!*sigh* 
geez!!! this essay is killing me..pray for my hands 
Geez, did I miss anyone's birthday this month? There sure are a lot of them! And, still no cake 
geez, haven't put up a post in 8 days!  slackin'
geez, im tired, but still have alot of things to do !!!!!!!!! 
Geez, schwarzer was devistated when Japan just scored that goal, think he wanted a good record.  #socceroos
Geez. Listening to news. World sounds mean today. Home invasion last night in Cannington. They knocked on door b4 assaulting &amp; stealing 
geez.. I am sneezing and feeling damn thirsty 
Geez... I don't know if I'll even have the time to write up my IMM post this week. 
Geez...i cant wait to get my hair done tomorrow...i look a hot mess 
Geeze 2 hours till I get out 
Geeze toll roads suck 
geeze twitter sure can be difficult when your lookin for sumbdy! i was only tryin to find my bff! 
Geeze, my inboxes are kinda' lonely right now; especially my blog in-box   I'll do a vlog in a little while ;-)
geezus I just lost a follower...dis just aint good  @jayme1988
Geh... OneManga is being slow and killing my Naruto marathon 
gem doesn't love me anymore 
Gemayel had a little accident. He hit the pavement block &amp; had a nose-bleed. Gimana sih ibunya 
gemeg @mattpro13 I'm jealous! I'm in Asia    Come here!
general cleaning! i hate cleaning 
GENERAL motors  its time to be  fair to the  AMERICAN  people. You  have  been  less then honest  with  the Americans GM  
General Motors is in bankruptcy. What now? I've heard in the news they're firing 20,000 people. 
generally loves it when Miss Tatiana shares.  Not so much when Miss Tatiana shares her nasty respiratory infections 
generator set up, now the internet doesn't work. and i actually need to use it for something productive 
Generic matrix experiment was failure 
Gene's moving to the valley tomorrow and im feeling sort of depressed about it. 
Geneva airport is the worst. 
Genius Ron Howard will be directing &quot;Angels &amp; Demons&quot; but perhaps some prayers could be said for close captioning the ads? 
gente, vamu twittar   #delongeday #delongeday #delongeday #delongeday
Gentilly is still post-katrina super depressing 
Genuinely addicted to Flight Control thanks to an insatiable desire to beat @aboyabroad 's high score. It's not gonna happen tho 
geo project time  see you on the other side of it twitterinns
Geocaching and Rome don't go together well. Must be all that marble. 300+ foot accuracy does not lend itself to find micros 
geography exam today  fml
Geography exam was sooooo hard!!! 
Geography gcse on tuesday and i couldn't be more scaredddd, i seriously know i'm gunna fail and i really don't want to. 
geography revision is hard 
Geography this week &amp; doesn't feel prepared for this one!  Any child psychologists out there - what should I say? 
Geography today  and just my luck...beautiful day, stuck inside a boiling hot exam room! Cannot wait! (N)
Geometry is so Damn boring.  waste of time.. 20 more minutes left
george flew out about 2 hours ago  mixed feelings, sad to see her go, glad to have my room back and space!!!
George is dead    We can't lose Izzy too!  That's too much grief for one show.
George is sad because he can't go for a car ride with his dad  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6877274
George Lamb has surved another night. 
george lopez/ laundry. i miss my brother 
George Sampson your gorgeous and an amazing dancer. i liv in Nottingham wanted 2 c u but couldnt get tickets  x
George Strait tickets wouldn't be so gosh darn expensive! 
George Tiller how has this became a topic ... Is their a film out or something ? Hmm I seen Vera Drake .. Pfft what a film 
George Tiller killed  If All PRO LIFERS would actually adopt and not just preach about it non-stop, nobody would need an abortion!
George Tiller shot and killed today. RIP, he was a great man. 
Georgetown Cupcake = BEST cupcakes ever! Shouldve bought a dozen instead of a half dozen.  LOL try them!!
Georgia Theatre burned down this morning in Athens.  http://tinyurl.com/lsjgtp walls and marquee seem to be standing, tho. rebuild?
Georgia Theatre burned!!!!!!!!!!!  Extreme grief.  http://is.gd/16gmy
Georgia Theatre!   http://tinyurl.com/nez487
ger my foot is killing me and i miss my matthew 
German exam tomorrow 
german german german german exam in about an hour, nevous as hell!!!! i don't like 'mündliche prüfungen'  have to relaxxxxxx haha
German lesson is boring 
German revision 
German revision is crap - I can't remember anything 
German television program is boring. 
German was naiceee. IT iz n0t fun 
Germany has lost soo bad.Why? the rest of europe don�t like us Germans 
Germany i'll miss you 
Germany stole one of my bestest buddies.  I'm starting not to like my heritage.;)
Get back 2 the city and its raining 
get better number!!  @sweetheart2010
get bored thats not fun 
Get clicky is down from past 1 hour. 
Get down with the get down, if u wanna get down. Hungover today 
get me more followers ppl im such a lame 
Get me outta here!!! I've got my frin's bday dinner to go to 
get my program to read the ini file 
get of my twitter, get ur own- anywayz yes casino was good pcd n lady gaga was swick!!!! got sore feet now 
Get out of a sick bed, log onto Twitter and see I've been purged, abandoned on the Twitter highway like a cast off script. 
get out! GET OUT!!! 
Get over &quot; NILEY &quot; ???? That will be hard .... 
get ready for the guinea pig's surgery.Sorry cuties but I have to 
Get ready to come see me at the hospital tomorrow that's probably where ill be 
Get ready to transfer to suburb area. Sigh! I am a downtown person.. 
Get Real tank is officially destroyed 
Get the bill of being lazy, and I have no money to pay it. 
get to do lots of yard work all day   not looking forward 2 it.
get to go to the dentist 
Get up earlier bcause my stomach sound &quot;kriuk kriuk&quot; so loud,im so hungry 
get up early tomorros  i don't like ;((((
get well soon @vegitaybles . i cant believe i cant help 
get well soon mom, love you 
get well soon SAM.. too bad you're not on asap today.. 
GET YA BOY @djkingvance!!! @DaPikeboy is lettin ya girls @mimiluv09 and @_K_Money_ go hungry!!!!  *stomach growls*
Getin haircut 2day  googbye sweet hair il rememba all da gd times we had
Geting bag then heading to school  But back at munch 
geting ready to clean my mothers house..(how exciting).. man i h8 doin dishes  
Geting ready to go white planes.. Gonna surf!! But i gotta rent a board  Mines has a big cut in it...
Geting up at 7am in the summer is soooooo lame.  
gets bored with an idea too easily ... like twitter. 
gets braces tomorrow 
get's busy again with her thesis.. 
gets kinda annoyed for no apparent reason  off to do some religion homework, then some english D:
gets ready to go out in 2 minutes and waits for friend for 28 minutes 
gets sad when people lie to him 
gets to dress up as Homer D. Poe.. probably for the last time  in 8 hours. FYI- working on Benadryl is like working while tipsy. Not fun
gets to sleep alone again tonight  wtf ... I hate mark working late
Gets to sleep in 2 hours extra and I'm still sleepy. 
Gettig scared i gotta go to the doctor tomorrow 
Gettign very frustrated - someone from EHPS has sent a group advert email and everyone is 'replying to all' 
gettin braces in two weeks  
Gettin chilly outside  ... What a lovely start for summer '09
gettin depressed wiv this weather nw.....its horrible!!  bring back the sunshine please!
Gettin dressed and ready for church. Havent been in a while  need to go every wkend and get that word
gettin dressed for school  I think I finish @ lunch though so thats gd....5 days left then 1 week break and then finish for summer june11!
gettin in the shower sounds like we partying with out my better haLf again  this needs to end
gettin me some eats, i have no stories to tell today 
Gettin' my day going here ....it's gloomy 
Gettin my jeans on 2 fit jus right requires some serious aerobics 
Gettin my RE homework done, next to go is to read up to c4 of Enduring Love and anatate it  Looking forward to watching MBV with nomi 
gettin my things packed for mermaid-styles again ;) - i´m tired 
gettin out of my car my neighbor says gonna have a game night wanna come...oh can we have it @ ur house the air is not workin over here 
gettin over a cold  tryin to find something to keep me busy
Gettin ready 2 say bye 2 my hubby til Wed nite if he makes it home 
Gettin ready 4 work early since I havent been able to go back to sleep for an hr now. Hate that if im up more than 10 min, im up 4 good 
Gettin ready for a long day , hope this weather stays clear 
gettin ready for bed. weekends almost over 
Gettin ready for my new job @songzyuuup i wont b able to stalk u any more  hope u still love me
gettin ready for The Hills Season Finale... Bye Bye LC 
Gettin ready for work  lame
Gettin ready for work on a rainy Irish mornin 
gettin ready forr practicee. 
Gettin ready to bring my bro to work ... I'm so tired of bein a taxi and an alarm clock.  
Gettin ready to go eat with my honey! Celebrating our 3 years together... Since i have to work on our actual 3 yrs tommorrow! 
gettin ready to go in for Trinity's surgery 
gettin ready to go out.... but really has no energy 
Gettin ready to go to a bbq.... Its to damn hot outside 
gettin ready to go to Shane's favorite Uncle's funeral in a few days 
Gettin ready to go to work.  sleepy as shit. Got me a nos though   (lOVE fOR $$$;]
gettin ready to head back to the desert...ugh 
gettin ready to hit the sheets for some ZZzzZZzz's... got to go to class tomorrow 
Gettin ready to leave cali  it was fun while it lasted
Gettin ready to leave for the lavaman! Its raining 
Gettin ready to make sumtin to eat being that nobody wanted to feed me!! 
gettin ready to rain..what's new??? freaking rain go away!!!! wanna b in my bed with my hunny 
Gettin' ready to sleep  Too tired it sucks.
Gettin ready to spend the day out on the water. Last weekend in Antalya. 
Gettin ready to watch Jay Leno's final show  i'll miss The Tonight Show!
gettin reeady to go to st.louis cuz my cousins in the hospital again 
Gettin results of my written exams 2day. 
gettin rid of invites in facebook............about a 100 to go 
gettin sleepy.. wish my honey didn't fall asleep at like 8 tonight! lazy ass! i need my goodnight kiss through the phone 
Gettin some sun by the pool. Lonely 
gettin stressed with the roads. 
gettin such a sore head 
GEttiN UP &amp; BusY tHiS MOuRNiNG fiRSt StOP DoCtORS OFFiCE 
Getting  glasses today 
Getting a 95 on my Japanese midterm = awesome. Feeling sick after eating celebratory cake = not so awesome 
Getting a bit sad being away from my man this long. A weekend here or there and about 20 mins on the phone every day is just not enough! 
Getting a cat with cindy. I'm tempted to get a puppy but i can't 
getting a flight with no wifi   @DeltaAirlines needs to accelerate their in-flight wifi program.
getting a headache   sitting at work waiting to see if anyone else is going to come in...knowing my luck, it'll happen at 2:55 (close @ 3)
Getting a lecture off Dr. Lorna about the infected cut on my arm.... it stings so much.        But I am doing as I am told. Evil cut.
getting a letter from the little sis made me a little homesick!! 
getting a little lonely tucking myself in at night 
Getting a little tired of the endless tests, meds &amp; appts 2 find out why I've been suffering from vertigo for the past 3 weeks 
getting a little to RUMPish in the back... pants don't fit 
Getting a massage later. Hopefully this will ease the pain I've been having in my neck 
Getting a new computer today, Supernormal Step Page will be late 
getting a new one about friday...don't hold tea and your phone in the same hand 
Getting a new phone tommorow, sadly not the iPhone 
getting a shower then Sam &amp; I are going to lay down and watch a movie...I'm exhausted 
Getting a stupid Twitter account because my teacher told me to 
Getting abit sleepy now, watch till the end of this one and then i think its bed time. Work tomorrow.  Shame i need the money
getting all sexy for...FOR....work 
getting an award doesnt justify a six am meeting!  Church has such interesting characters!!!
Getting an early start, once again. 
Getting an iced coffee from McDonald's cuz That's the closest thing i'll get to starbucks today! 
Getting an injection inside your woohoo is just not fun 
Getting an oil change and they asked me what I'm doing here on mothers day..now I'm homesick 
Getting an oil change.  Kind of sad about not seeing my first year students again.  
getting annoyed easily today  &gt;&gt;&gt; biofuel proposal: getting annoyed easily today  &gt;&gt;&gt; biof.. http://tinyurl.com/ceprvs
getting annoyed with wordpress... I'm using firefox but when people try to read in IE it looks retarded. Battling 
Getting antsy. The body shop closes in two hours and I haven't heard from them since this morning. 
getting anxious 
Getting around for classsssssssssssssssssssssss. 
getting attacked by seagulls at the beach, not fun 
Getting back into my workout... It's been weeks 
Getting back into the grind.  Wish I was still boarding in tahoe 
Getting back into Weeds. Poor Andy 
Getting back to Broad Ripple was enough work for the morning. I'm tired  Need to get showered so I have time for Hubbard&amp;Cravens, tho..
Getting better by the hour. Hopefully I will be good for the party tonite! Prolly will go but no drinks for me 
getting bitten by mosquito in office 
getting blink tickets for chicago isn't looking promising... 
getting blood taken out  i hate needles
getting bored at home.. no one to hang out with... need help 
getting bored in work on a sunny sunday 
getting bored.... now i have to mug up some pages from hajra choudhray if i wanaa save myself 4m getting scrwed in viva tomorrow 
getting borrreddddd  could someone tell me what to do
getting bummed......cant find the movie 
Getting burned by GFS again 
Getting busy with my new work !!! I am missing Khushboo 
Getting car washed at Sunoco  Station Autowash, please speed up you rebuilding efforts!
Getting caught in a rip current is not fun  lucky it was a small rip current
Getting caught up on schoolwork and wishing it was time for my baby to come home from Iraq 
Getting children off to school before I go to the gym. Later I've got some crap housework jobs to do 
Getting Chinese food. At this point, it doesn't make up for the fact that I should be with @alaina_  Fail.
getting Confed Cup Tickets is soooooo hard and it's in my own damn country...what shizzle is this? psheeeesh! 
Getting ditched always sucks a lot. 
Getting drenched on the way to uni and sitting in the library soaking wet is never fun  *shivers*
Getting dressed for my best Amber's (bebe) private Dinner  she is leaving my area to go to Law School in Tenn. What should I wear??
Getting dressed for work. So. Freaking. Tired! 
getting dressed to go to Granny's,another day of now twitting 
Getting eaten alive by creepy crawlers is not fun!  waaahh!
Getting electric turned on at a house on top of starving.. Good morning 
getting extra cute for david. Last day with him 
Getting fed up of poor memory mgmt on the bb - needs regular hard boots   #fb
getting fed up with all the marketing &amp; sales pitches  on twitter at the moment, drowning out the good stuff 
Getting fed up with jQuery 
Getting fever now aswell... Thx Björn :p wes cant sleep 
getting forces (some kind of braces thing for ur jaw) @ 1:30!!!    and i'm scared!!! ahhhh!  
getting Frozen Yogurt and then watching movies and dreading eliminations for sytycd!!! 
getting frustrated at the BCS theory, cant find a simple explanation 
getting frustrated with my MLS key!!! 
Getting fuzzy-headed now  Never went to lunch while waiting for my sick dad to call me &amp; tell me what's up.  He's home now, no hospital.
Getting geared up for a maternity shoot in a bit.. Wish the sun was out so I could have my golden light photo op... 
Getting grief from lady that I botched her attempt to get Geoffrey &quot;Tony award winner&quot; Rush's signature when we saw Exit the King. 
Getting hair done on a rainy day  When will it stop raining in NYC??
Getting hammered @ the royal once again. With Meanie. 
getting her new cell tomorrow....kitty missing  4 days now 
getting hungry :-S why? it is just 10.50am ... not fair 
Getting hungry but lunch is so far away 
getting ice cream with dad then back home to study. Test Tuesday.  http://twitpic.com/6ufl8
getting immensely bored and dont wanna work too.. 
Getting in bed with a guilty pleasure to console myself for having to wake up at 645 tomorrow 
Getting in bed. Without you. Sad.  I do not think I will be sleeping soundly tonight.
Getting japanese food @ i heart teriaki. Japanese food makes me miss my dirty asian, ken. 
getting kicked out of the library... 
getting kiddies ready for bed.. then John and Kate Plus 8!.. still lonely though 
Getting kinda home sick now  
getting kinda horny. i wish i could find my dildo 
getting krystals, I'm starving I smell like smoke and I need to wash my hair b4 I go to bed.  oh the joy
getting lost coming from somewhere I’ve been to 100 times and then having gps on my phone wouldn’t help the jokes either...  it was dark
Getting lost in a set of headphones, dreaming of a better existence.  This one fucking sucks.  
Getting lunch with my bestfriend, who I haven't seen in months 
getting LVATT tomorroww,didn't have a chance to get it today 
getting mad at twitter because my profile pic won't stay up 
Getting MADDER b/c having trouble getting in Twitter's &quot;Tweetdeck&quot; platform from my desktop! GRR! Have to tweet from the website instead 
Getting me &amp; kids ready for church all alone. Feeling kind of sad b/c JC woke up saying &quot;Daddy's not here momma&quot;.   
Getting mixed signals from him....idk what to do.... 
Getting more and more depressed as the hours go on. I SHOULD BE ASLEEP 
Getting more done today then I thought....I just cannot find the IRB application anywhere!! 
Getting my ass handed to me at the poker table tonight... Jebus. 
Getting my ass kicked by the Daguerro Grand Dragon 
Getting my braids taking out.Bye bye braids 
Getting my butt kicked by this project  I have the idea, but can't get it perfect.
getting my car fixed, about to be poor 
Getting my classes for the fall... there goes my social life 
getting my day started and organized. the fire alarm keeps going off  
Getting my hair cut today. Great. Just great. 
Getting my hair cut today. I'm going to miss the length 
Getting my hair cut while texting with my brother and getting updates about Iran  &amp; the baseball game. God, I love my iPhone!
Getting my last meal in LA 
getting my mother's tire fixed @ NTB...with a hangover. cookout/birthday party was a success. taking a trip down to the ocean in 1 hour. 
Getting my mum's Chevrolet instead  no new car also just slightly bigger compare to 'Msia made mini cooper' n she get new big car sobsob~
getting my new cellphone on wednesday! the LG Voyager! its soo sweet! i can't wait that long though 
Getting my phone taken away 
getting my precious curls chopped off! 
Getting my tweet on......So I guess that's a no to my marriage proposal MMH? HA HA!  I figured... 
Getting my wet weather clothes ready for tomorrow 
getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow 
Getting my wisdom teeth pulled out 
Getting nervous about the upcoming months 
Getting off at 5, nap, trainer, movies ! Then doing it alll again tomorrow 
Getting off in the office restroom, freeballing makes me horny, wish it was cruisy here  need help... http://mobypicture.com/?om6msa
Getting off the comp for now 
getting off the phone with Chase...he can't take the phone into the shower 
Getting off to work, again, 
getting off twitter. busy day tomorrow. fuck me, i just want to sleep in 
Getting off work in just about an hour and a half...gotta love the weekends, although a lil sad bc my roomie @c_schwalbach is leaving me! 
Getting on line at apple 
getting on the plane catch you when i get back to columbus 
getting our internet turned off tonight at midnight...this sucks  I'll still be able to update everyone from my phone though...much love
getting out of bed? last day in so cal 
getting outta here. might grab a burger tonight. i wish i could just swing down to counter burger.  however i... ♫ http://blip.fm/~8cicl
getting over being really sick 
Getting over last night's state of origin footy party. Blues lost yet again...  But a good time had by all!
getting overly sweaty palms 
Getting owned at super mario kart by my niece 
getting pack up to go home laterr 
Getting packed for my flight home this morning. I miss seeing all my church peeps today. 
getting paid today, but gotta work. And NO Six Flags for me tomorrow. 
Getting papped off to Belfast next week 
Getting passed up by a cat  We are moving so SLOW! 3.2kts. http://tinyurl.com/nen8we
getting pissed off with Tiscali's random dodgyness 
Getting prepared for the beach...C Bear can't go, no pets allowed 
Getting prepared to spend an entire week alone 
Getting pulled over...mama's lead foot finally caught up with us 
Getting quite nervous that I've been shafted for Download tickets 
GETTING RAINED ON! For hours jus sittin &amp; gettin rained on Watchin the staten island high school track championship im such a gud auntie 
getting rained out @ the devon horse show.  *head desk*
GETTING READ FOR SOCCER TRAININGGGG. 
Getting ready 
getting ready 2 be all alone 
Getting ready 2 go 2 bed. Gotta b up at 3am 4 work. 
getting ready 2 go to a car show with the 'rents. wtf was I thinking?? still no sleep 
Getting ready 2 part with lappy so that it gets the proper treatment it needs from support, clearing all personal stuff b4 sending it 
Getting ready 2go2 a baseball game and can't find shi to wear   why can't my closet be endless and full of goodies&lt;3
Getting ready 4 the rush tommorrow it can b the last day i play @ the cooper city =&lt; 
Getting ready 4 work 
getting ready and going to school 
Getting ready at @doodles6271 's house, without her  Then @epicsarah 's grad partayyy!
getting ready for 6 hours of hard training 
getting ready for 9am baseball...last game though  
getting ready for a 10k road rac. . ..  . im screwed! 
Getting ready for a boring day 
Getting ready for a busy week...and basically a busy life.  
getting ready for a fun day of work  boo !
getting ready for a long day at work... 
Getting ready for a long day of work, disappointment and... actually I'll probably only manage those two 
getting ready for a longg day 2morroww! 
Getting ready for a meeting, not sure what to wear....HOT PINK LIPSTICK...or HOT orange..ummmm tough day  lol
Getting ready for a nummy roast dinner with mah family!! In other news... Heath Ledger rocked the Joker... Poor Heath 
Getting ready for a pharm exam. Ughhhh  It is nice to be home though!!!
getting ready for a weekend with less than 100 bucks  fun
getting ready for another exciting day at work 
getting ready for another long ass day out in the sun. I'm tired as hell and my body aches. Just wanna go back to sleep. 
Getting ready for another shift at work boooo!!  
Getting ready for another work week.   Wish i could have retired like Marc 
getting ready for band practice i take lots of stuff 
Getting ready for bed!! The weekend id done 
GEtting ready for bed, Gotta work at 8am 
getting ready for bed. headache is horrible 
getting ready for bed. its gonna be an interesting night... 
getting ready for brunch w my friend at nyc....then going home  ...
getting ready for cabazon ahh.. i miss you @furrancess 
Getting ready for chilling out in the sun... again! Back at work tomorrow 
Getting ready for church, not watching Lily good enough. She broke the frame of a little X-stitch that a BFF gave me back in HS. 
Getting ready for church.  Bonnie wet her bed and then kicked me out of mine. So and now Im up at 5 
getting ready for church. BOOOOO that its the last day of SpringBreak 
Getting ready for church. Still coughing up my lungs for no reason. Looks like I won't be moving as soon as I'd hoped 
Getting ready for church. Will truly be a day of nothing. No voice 
Getting ready for class.....feeling a little sick 
getting ready for family therapy..madness will ensue...can't wait 
Getting ready for first day back at school after easter break. 
Getting ready for Jury Duty 
getting ready for LAYLAS GRADUATION....praying to get better now so I can enjoy it.... missed training this morning. 
getting ready for lunch with lewis and then off to another day and work  so stop by and have a drink if you would like
getting ready for martial artsss 
getting ready for Monday  where did the weekend go
Getting ready for my birthday cookout! Wish my 'boys' could be here 
Getting ready for my J.O.B and has the major case of the Monday blues 
Getting ready for our BBQ..hoping it doesn't poor too much today 
getting ready for school  ewww .. i'm not ready yet for school 
Getting ready for school  Had 2 weeks off and getting up at 7AM is not getting easier
Getting ready for school  iced coffee on the way?!?!
Getting ready for school - second maths test today  also its my last day of 3rd year!! Next week i will officially be in 4th year 
getting ready for school  wayyyyyyy to early!!
getting ready for school got hay fever and its doing my hedin  lol and ii got p.e all mornin  talk to yous later iilua xxx
getting ready for school!  cant be bothered to do my hair!!!! lol xoxo
getting ready for school, but really im just on the computer lol  i cba to go today but ive gotta hand in cw so, i guess im gunna have to 
Getting ready for school, i hate mondays  lol, boces then school
Getting ready for school, so that i can do something in BCA 11.....depressing 
getting ready for school, way tired. tonights the nights for coursework i think 
Getting ready for school,we have a week ful of tests! 
Getting ready for school. I miss my seniors. 
getting ready for school. last finaal test today!! all i ate since yesterday at 7am is jello, yogurt, applesauce, and a little pastina. 
Getting ready for school....dont wana walk in the rain 
Getting ready for senior breakfast,hanging w/ all my friends for the last time. 
getting ready for skool  only 10 and 1/2 days left tho
getting ready for skool, ahh i just want to go back to bed and sleep! 
getting ready for surgery tomorrow 
Getting ready for the all white joint. I'm sleepy 
Getting ready for the ball - absolutely flippin freezing outside- lots of wind and rain! Argh, so much for a summer ball! 
getting ready for the beach next week!! If only it really were Wednesday like I thought it was! 
getting ready for the big day. 7/06/09 my first spring triatlon. loosing weight a marchas forzadas, hurt my abductor yesterday... 
getting ready for the day while listening to mitchel's new cd! oregon is all dark and it's rainy.. i knew the fun sun wouldn't last 
Getting ready for the day! Going to school  but i think its the last day! See yall tonight!
getting ready for the day, out then work till close 
getting ready for the dentist 
getting ready for the drive home--cloudy and dark  
Getting ready for the EU elections and heading to the polling place where I do the poll worker again. Don't think it will be a busy day. 
Getting ready for the garage sale tomorrow and waiting for my sis-in-law's flight to come in from Cleveland...delayed an hour. 
Getting ready for the gym, making bfast, packing for rop, trying to figure out how to be w/ my boys I haven't seen in 2 days &amp; won't see. 
Getting ready for the gym. I dont know what to say or do 
Getting ready for the gym...why am I not getting any thicker  arms and abs today yippy
Getting ready for the theatre but I don't seem to like any of my clothes at the moment  I Might just wear what I've been wearing all day..
Getting ready for the work week 
getting ready for training session at Bedok Stadium. 
Getting ready for week  Its too nice today to be stuck inside working!
getting ready for work  but yay! I get to live in America's most European City!
getting ready for work  don't want to go
Getting ready for work  in Green, OH
Getting ready for work  its the last week with my kids.... And seeing that cuty
getting ready for work &amp; contemplating my future.  I hate it when people make you feel bad about life decisions. 
getting ready for work , ugh im dreading this my manager is a meany 
getting ready for work .. got a hangover! not good 
Getting ready for work ..... So tired today....... Slept for 13 hours too....,,. Not good 
getting ready for work again  I will be going back to school in the fall
Getting ready for work again. it feels like im always there  and then going out hehehe drinks all round
getting ready for work and playing some guitar. IM SO HUNGRY! done want to die in the heat today 
getting ready for work at five'oclockkkk, ughfuck 
getting ready for work at three 
Getting ready for work some 4day 
Getting ready for work this afternoon  I hope  that there's a bus on a Sunday to come home on ....hmmm
Getting ready for Work today 5pm to 12am 
Getting Ready for work tomorrow...I hate working on Saturdays 
getting ready for work tonight 
Getting ready for work ugh...my vacation is over 
getting ready for work!  There's no messin around... Got off the ship yest. n back into work today! 
getting ready for work! BOO!!! Wish I wasn't closing 
Getting ready for work, feelinn bad cause I just had to yell at my dog 
getting ready for work, have frizen shoulder and its killing 
Getting ready for work, not really lokking forward to working all night 
getting ready for work, not really looking forward to it, I just want to crawl back into bed and sleep the day away...honestly. 
Getting ready for work. Android phone locked up last night when I attempted a full reboot. Had to do factory reset. 
getting ready for work. I hate working the weekends I always miss the fun 
Getting ready for work. Insurance work. What fun! 
Getting ready for work. It sucks that my mom had to work on mothers day 
getting ready for work. my staycation is officially OVER! 
getting ready for work. sad that i have to work the whole weekend. 
getting ready for work. Ssst. 
Getting ready for work. Vacation ends at 1pm   this summer is going to fly by.
Getting ready for work.. 
getting ready for work.. woot  not fair my dog gets to sun bath in the back yard while i have to work grrr wanna trade lives?
Getting ready for work... 6:30-3:15..  ..
Getting ready for work..... 
Getting ready for work....till 1am 
Getting ready for work...Monday is here again.  
Getting ready for work...not liking working on a closed ward...makes me slightly paranoid... :S 
Getting ready for work; worried about my little love's fraidy self 
Getting ready for work-feeling not so good 
Getting ready fpor the europride. Start to rain already 
getting ready hagin out with nathalia sheee's leaving tomorrooooow!! 
Getting ready then end of the school year partay with my kinderroos! Last hugs goodbye and good lucks.......ahhh 
Getting ready then off to Lahey for most of the day. I hope my Mom gets better soon 
Getting ready this morning for a tournament that is about to get rained out.  Sux...  From Jeff's Moto Q
Getting ready to bbq gourmet burgers at the home of @TheRVS !!  Final day of debauchery before 2 weeks of cleansing!!  
Getting ready to brave the port-a-potty at the soccer tryouts...wish me luck 
getting ready to clean house 
getting ready to clean house, go to the gym,  then sign my oldest up for swim lessons
Getting ready to clean my room 
getting ready to coach practice/scrimmage for 3rd/4th Grade Girls Softball again in few hours.  Becca stuck home &amp; sad.  
getting ready to do my yr 8 exam . omg i so scared i haven't even started to revise and i got 2 weeks left and too much homework!!!!! :] 
Getting ready to do some #geocaching Today I'm hunting GCWPRV since several closer caches were archived in the last few days 
Getting ready to do the last of my His final.  
Getting ready to drive an hour to get my iPhone replaced again  Praying this one is better then the last 2?
Getting ready to get a pedicure, although it is going to rain a lot later on. Boo 
Getting ready to get my hair staightened ,I can't control my curly hair 
getting ready to go and watch tv... i dont want to go to school tomorrow! 
Getting ready to go back outside and finish cleaning for the party...  
Getting ready to go back to Gib and work 
getting ready to go back to ohio. im kinda excited but im dreding taking the kids back. 
Getting ready to go back to school, not long till the GCSE's 
getting ready to go back to work 
Getting ready to go eat lunch... trying to decide if I should eat bad or not 
Getting ready to go eat. Then going back to the hospital. My 2nd home right now even though it doesn't feel like home. 
getting ready to go for training, i don't wanna. 
Getting ready to go gyming, i took a two day break, so i guess i can go today...omg this means pain... 
getting ready to go home 
getting ready to go home and clean the house 
getting ready to go out .. SO SAD i could not make it to @modalab fashion show  i love you! on the set ALL DAY LONG!tired and party mode!
getting ready to go out. wishing that I could go without folding my arms to cover up my flabby stomach 
getting ready to go over to nicks for the going away party. i have been dreading this day for a long time 
getting ready to go partying w/ da ladiez! But i really miss my &quot;Mr. Yeah!&quot; 
Getting ready to go practice driving with my drivers ed instructor and it's raining 
getting ready to go say goodbye to my grandmother, she is moving south. Everyone that I communicate with has moved south  my families gone
Getting ready to go see my Grandad ... I hate how dehydrated you feel after a night of drinking 
Getting ready to go talk real estate soon. Appointment is at 4:30 and I haven't put on my face yet. Bummage 
Getting ready to go to a birthday party down the shore...of course the weather sucks 
getting ready to go to a christening in the pouring rain     Now what to wear, cant wear my favorite shoes in the rain
getting ready to go to bed wuz in D.C. 2day (city of corruption) saw a great mets game and the plane ride was sick!  school tomorrow
Getting ready to go to bed, but I'm bummed because when I get up it'll be the day Ally leaves for 9 days.    Oh, and HAPPY BDAY Carebear
Getting ready to go to bed. Have to wake up bright and early tomorrow. Back to work. I miss my vacation 
getting ready to go to bed..my last night that i talked to my boyfriend before he heads out to bootcamp sunday.. 
getting ready to go to Class from 6-8:40. .. I dont wanna go 
Getting ready to go to grocery store...watching it rain 
Getting ready to go to Houston. Damn gonna be there till Tuesday.  Gonna miss my girlfriend.&lt;3
getting ready to go to IKEA. All alone cuz no one will go with me 
Getting ready to go to L.A. I miss my baby..  
Getting ready to go to my dads  I would love to stay home! Then Drivers Ed. tomorrow! Oh! Joy! NOT!
Getting ready to go to my friends awards ceremony at Colonial High school. I'm going to miss American Idol tonight 
Getting ready to go to my other job. My knee is killing me, I had three surgeries on it already; think I need another one. 
getting ready to go to p.e 
Getting ready to go to the airport  HAPPY GRADUATION @shashalove!!! I love you!
getting ready to go to the doctors 
Getting ready to go to the gymm  booo
Getting ready to go to the hospital and see what is wrong with me im soo sick 
Getting ready to go to the parade for the Pens. It's too fucking early though. 
getting ready to go to work  its going to be a LONG day
getting ready to go to work ...bummer 
Getting ready to go to work on this lovely sunny day  sunburn still hurts! Ouch!!
Getting ready to go too bed, throat is really sore  need to get all rest I can before Saturday...my baby turns 1...party!!
Getting ready to go w/ my brother for a haircut.  No hair cut for me 
getting ready to go walk and did i mention today is clean your house Monday?   YAY,  break out the confetti 
getting ready to go work soon... argh 
Getting ready to go.... Not sure how i'm going to leave you. 
Getting ready to hairspray!  I feel so so sick to my stomach.  ear ache won't go away, my body hurts everywere.
Getting ready to head back to Cali. 
getting ready to head home for good.. 
Getting ready to head home to Hanford. Gonna be a long drive. 
Getting ready to head home...then to a funeral. 
getting ready to head out for some father's day shopping...  still feeling all sickly but going anyways 
getting ready to head to LAX. i always hate leaving... sad times. 
getting ready to head to the airport...got stuck in minnesota over night  just want to see texas!!
getting ready to head to the doctor to get my right hand looked at 
getting ready to head to the hospital...PLEASE pray I don't have something serious! i'm freaking outttttt 
Getting ready to head to Tuscaloosa 
getting ready to head to work early 
getting ready to head to work. i rather lay in the pool 
Getting ready to leave  sad.
Getting ready to leave for church... Last time at LCCC for about 6 weeks. 
getting ready to leave for the southside festival. worried about boyfriend's puppy having a seizure thousands of miles away 
getting ready to leave for work sans iPhone today... it's headed to the Apple doctor to diagnose what ails it... 
getting ready to leave New York!  its bittersweet. i love ny but im ready to start my summer already back in CALI.
Getting ready to leave savannah   
Getting ready to leave the house for a run with @steveharrison. Only ran twice last week. Hope I don't feel it too bad today 
Getting ready to leave to SF airport  See you guys in a month!
getting ready to leave work...gotta love an hr commute to the heezy. More unpacking tonight 
getting ready to leave, love yall, aj is sick, mom is trying to go with his plans instead of her own, got to go be the peacemaker 
getting ready to leave...  and surfing totally beat me up yesterday. The bruises I've acquired are pretty 'gnarley'.
Getting ready to make the cake for tomorrow.  Have to wear my back brace.  No fun there.  
getting ready to meet sarah  not enough $
Getting ready to mow the lawn, 95 Degrees today  with a heat index over 100
Getting ready to mow the lawn, yay! Not... 
getting ready to paint my bathroom cabinets 
Getting ready to pass out.   I hate sleeping alone 
Getting ready to ride bikes from Pittsburgh to Seven Springs. May get posponed due to weather 
Getting ready to run...it's so early! 
Getting ready to say bye to Ursula 
getting ready to see the GEU before Zab goes to bootcamp 
getting ready to send out more resumes...i really need 2 find a freakin job. but theres not much around here 
Getting ready to ship a care package to the daughter. She's not coming home this summer from college 
Getting ready to sign off - have to go to physical therapy 
Getting ready to sit in traffic on 101 
Getting ready to spend eight hours alone at work  heres my view for the rest of today  http://twitpic.com/7vn7g
Getting ready to start my 17 hour journey back to the USA.....peace out Ireland. 
getting ready to start my day off to the real world  hope its a cool cloudy day!!!
Getting ready to start work  can't wait to go home to my family
getting ready to take a nap 3rd shift messes me up 
Getting ready to take a shower. i smell really bad and then im not gonna be making money tomorrow 
Getting ready to take food to my lover. Hmm I have to skip kick boxing...  ah @josejj. The things I do for you
Getting ready to take Laura back to the airport. Poor thing got food poisoning on Friday night and was sick the whole time. 
Getting ready to take Mom to the airport - she's going back to Cincy today - I'm so sad... 
Getting ready to take my friends to Castco so they can get their stuff for Iraq 
getting ready to take some orders and make YUMMY fries..off to work i go!!!! 
getting ready to teach Google at #sunyla09. instructor's computer acting up 
Getting ready to try and show up at work and get someone to go home! im broke 
getting ready to vacuum. on a random note: check out my etsy store. http://knittist24.etsy.com. i haven't sold anything in 2 months... 
Getting ready to waste this beautiful evening working 
getting ready to watch john &amp; kate.  looking for a glimmer of hope  
getting ready to watch Jon &amp; Kate plus 8 even though it breaks my heart 
Getting ready to watch some dvd's all by my lonesome... My boyfriend's sleepin (I think) 
Getting ready to watch the Giants, hoping for no rain out...wishing @CortleighE didn't have to work today...so sad 
Getting ready to watch the hills finale 
Getting ready to watch the hockey game, and on call for work 
Getting ready to watch Thursday's episode of Grey's Anatomy.  I don't want her to die! 
Getting ready to watch what may be Johnny's last baseball game, ever. 
Getting ready to work in the gardens, it may raid today 
getting ready to work on accounting stuff! *YUCK* can't scrapbook right now! 
getting ready, hailley's s16 tonight!- the rain is not stopping 
getting ready, its to early 
getting ready, work 2-10 tonight. 
Getting ready. Practice. 
getting ready... omgosh, so nervous 
getting ready.out. 
Getting ready; offf to schoool 
Getting readyw for school then a hard track practice 
getting readyy for the dance recital, so nervous  !
getting readyy to be raped by the math b regents tommorow 
Getting really emotional about not being Grettie's roommate anymore  ......bye bye Seashore Dr and favorite roommate
Getting really really worried about @shanayancy   Haven't heard from her in a few days.
getting really tired  zzzzzzzzz
getting redy for work  BUT pumped taylor york became an officall member of paramore!! about time 
getting rid of these horrible roots today!   God, why couldn't I be a natural blonde?  
Getting rocked in axis and allies... Looks like axis wins soon 
getting sad at me ans sending me messages that aren't nice, isn't going to make them answer you! 
Getting samosas, pakora, and drinks at Maharaja... Mariners lost in 10th. 
Getting seriously frustrated! Power still keeps cutting out, just long enough to knock out computers 
