This shitty weather thwarted our plans regarding Kazbegi... 
this should soo be an interesting tweet but its not 
This show will not be the same without our supermodel Janice dickenson I already miss her 
This sickness is annoying. Go away already. 
this site sucks...i understand nothing 
this sleepy girl has a 12-hour day today 
This slip knot looks all wrong &amp; I can't work out which loop to slip the knitting needle through 
this song ALWAYS gets me 
This song is upsetting me way too much. I cant stop listening to it when Im on the computer and I cant get it out of my head when Im not. 
This song makes me so sad every time I hear it. 
this song needs a bridge, i need to shuffle some stuff around, it doesn't flow 
this song's middle change just doesn't want to be born..... arghhhh!! 
This sore throat better be dehydration and not an illness - I have a major exam on Thursday 
This stinks. 
This storm is intense.  pulling over for a bit
This story is just as sad as all the others I've been reading.  - I need a happy one.
This stuff is definately not glittery. 
this stupid mosquito bite is bugging me omg....hurts lol 
this sucks big 
This sucks cause everyone I know on here is either sleep or at work ugh  imma start being on twitter at night when I'm not busy
This sucks i think my shower is broken 
This sucks sitting here with nothing to do 
this sucks you know you work too much when you have to find out its raining from twitter 
This sucks! :@ Power came back after 2 hours and agaim went out after 30 min :S UPS is also not fully charged. Will die soon 
This sucks! The Wings lost! 
This sucks!!!!. Read all the books I have on my Blackberry and don't have any others on here that I wanna read   http://myloc.me/2H8V
This sucks, but @andy atkins, @Blake martin, and @Aaron eckermann, I won't see you tomorrow 
This sucks, every1 left me. They ALL went to a pow wow.  they didn't even tell that they were goin this year. Ugh so not kool. :'(
This sucks. Can't believe I'm not playing tonight 
This sucks. I feel like an ass not having my intro for my MTK video 
This sucks. I'm still in pain, and now I feel like I'm gonna toss my cookies 
this sucks.. why am i up this late? 
This sucks... 
this sucks.... this really REALLY sucks! getting up in the morning to get better prepared for tomorrow's exam..  God... pls help me..
this sucks..goodmorning 
this summer doesnt even feel like summer 
This summer is going to be shite.. i can tell 
This summer is going to be the worst of my life 
This summer is gonna go by so fast, I feel it in my bones. I want it to slow down.  
this summer is kinda oring with b 
This summer is quite boring.  
This Summer Is Really Gonna Suck!  But My Grandma Will Be Here Tuesday For My Graduation...But Sadly I Cant Go Back WIth Her! 
This summer weather is making me ill  I don't like it.
This sunburn is making me sick 
this sunday can't get any worse  hmmm.
This Sunday, I have to clean (talk about no free time) and do homework, my michigan bare book and get spring clothes organized.  a waste
this sux im in so much pain 
this tea doen't taste good at all but I have to drink it 
This tetnus shot hurts  Pray for me tweets...
this thunderstorm ruined my plansss 
this time last week danni was here. getting ready to go. 
this time last week i was in paris 
This time last year I was watching the #Super14 #rugby final in New Plymouth in New Zealand...I really miss NZ 
This time last year I would be getting it in. Instead, I'm at home doing homework. Just sad.... 
this time on monday we were with jb  what id do to have joe do that again...
This time shouldn't be allowed on a Monday morning 
This time yesturdayy i was inches away from the jonas brothers   not a great day ...
This torrent is going sooo slow and I have no idea why. 
This torture. I dispise lines. We have been waiting an hour and not close to crossing yet. 
this traffic is slowing down my 5 hour drive time from montreal 
This traffic on 495 is the bain of my existence rite now 
This trailor just gets smaller by the day 
This train smells like piss  button popped on my dress showin much more leg then need be :-S
This trip has served its purpose of being THE wakeup call. I wanna go home now. 
This Tuesday feels like a monday.  
This Twitter spam is getting out of hand. The @spam staff doesn't seem to be able to keep up anymore. Trending topics are ~70% spam now. 
this twitter stuff is kind of addicting  back to homework [tear*)
this twitter thing is hard to do on a phone!  lol
This twitterclient sucks too! But twitterific doesn't work now.. 
This twittering thing is solid 
This update seems slower. Damn. 
this very moment is the single worst moment of my week. blow me monday morning. ughhh 
This video is not available in your country.   why ?
This video was kinda sad. @DJhiro this video is awesome! @minimalcha It was. I meant the ending was kinda sad  ? http://blip.fm/~5efgy
This wallpaper has taken me 2 hours to make. It's the best I've ever made.  Unfortunately IDK what sources I used to post it online. 
This was a gift from someone who doesn't know I hate Harry Potter......
THIS WAS ALL A SET UP! i was tricked into dress shopping 
this was an awsome weekend! Sad to see it leave 
This was fucking awesome...  Ear reconstruction: check, Museum night: not check...  PCgaming is better than partying? idunno XD
This was such an amazing and wonderful last dinner with the class and teachers. The teachers are like buddies now. Will miss you all  &lt;3
This was the house I grew up in: http://bit.ly/rXb1m  It's now abandoned, trashed, burnt down and hobo-ridden. Sad 
This was the house I grew up in: http://bit.ly/rXb1m It's abandoned, trashed, half burnt down and hobo-ridden. It's really sad. 
this was the wackest 4:20... guess i gotta jus wait til the rain stops 2 go 2 jupiter 
This Water Horse movie is totally making me want to go to Scotland. I want a water horse  lol
This weather &amp; the songs on my iPod are making me want to be walking hand-in-hand with my guy. Too bad he is so far away today 
This weather eats my asshole.  at darrins cousins party. Lol
This weather has me down  Morning Tweeties!
this weather is absolutely horrible &amp; is startin 2 make me feel miserable!   x
This weather is amazing....shame about the revision 
This weather is beautiful! Its abOut to pour and I'm cursed  [Sex In the Rain- Ray J] Cooking dinner for the ladies.. ..
this weather is doing my head in  ruined my weekend.. Grrr!!!
This weather is great! Last day of freedom! 
This weather is making me reallly lazy. I just want to curl up in bed all day, but I can't 
This weather is making my sinuses really suck... 
This weather is NOT helping bring people in. I was promised sun, damnit!! 
This weather is poop. Bet it's sunny in Venice Beach 
this weather is putting me in a verrrrry sluggish mood 
This weather is ridiculous...when will the summer start!! 
This weather scares me 
this weather sucks!!! 
This weathers nt realy wht i wanted..........!!!! 
This week at work is just going to suck.  I have to train the new girl and I really dont like her cause she is so annoying. 
this week feels like its going foreva  i want it to be friday already!!
This week I am going to be &quot;Cinders&quot; and will *not* be attending the NMA Effectiveness Awards where my Green Thing campaign is a finalist 
this week im going on a diet and starting to work out, ive gained too much weight 
This week in terms of assignments is going to be shit. Glad not going on cruise cos then I'd have to finish everything by tomorrow night 
this week is a geek's best week ever! Project Natal, Google Wave, E3, Bing, and so much more. l33t! I wish i could get some E3 swag 
this week is already killing me after the 7-4 on practically no sleep, two call ins and an already short staff 
this week is awful. usually i like my job, but this week i really want to quitt 
This week is dragging SO MUCH.  -.-  One more day until the holidays.  Seems like too long.  
This week is going to be EXTREEEEMLY long  
This week is going to be full of bad news... 
This week is gonna be rough...the folks are going on a cruise for a week...what am I gonna do not being able to talk to my mom 
This week is gonna feel like a year. Already misses Angry Robot 
this week is gonna go slowwww 
this week is really weird. i want it to just end 
This week is too busy... 
this week needs to end with a happy ending.  sorry @MsHollyOlly3 i havent been replying..
this week so busy, nxt week so free.. i'm gonna be so bored den  - http://tweet.sg
This week starts as an Excel sheet preparation week. And you know, I am such a fan of this *fantastic* piece of software... 
This week sucks, someone I really wanted to work with decided to go with someone else.    Oh, well, and onto the next big thing.
This week will suck so hard. 2 tests, a paper, a project, and all the reading and work I normally have to do. Ouch. 
This weekend = teh suxorz   The quality of time was average, but the quantity was way smaller than I needed.  Off to work in the morning!
this weekend didnt go well i wish my life was different at times 
This weekend has been rubbish, very boring. Now ive gotta revise 
This weekend I leave Pune for Mumbai and you guys have a tweetup here!  Nothing in Mumbai this weekend, is there?
This weekend is completely different from last weekend.  
This weekend is my 20th high school reunion &amp; I'm going to miss it. 
this weekend was AMAZING. (: so much happened, ahha. just revising for my french exam which is in like half an hour.  x
This weekend was suppose to b good but really just turned into complete bullshit! 
this weekend went by too fast.  and i should really be sleeping right now.
This weekend went by too quickly. I wish I was at the Pens parade 
This weekend will be boring 
this weekend will consist of my trying to write my research paper... oooo so much fun 
This weekend with my girl has changed me.  There is conditioner.  In my hair.  It is silky and smooth.  I'm scared 
This weekend won't be at all fun. Will be working non-stop from 8am - 7pm  The things i do for money *sighs*
This weekend. I will be in dallas so no kandy koated around the H 
this weekend's almost over 
This week's episode of The #Unusuals was entertaining its a shame the show was cancelled.  
this weeks gonna be sooo busy. 
This whole &quot;lack of sleep&quot; thing is getting old. All I want to do is sleep! 
This whole getting a random cold thing is NOT good  I keep sneezing!
This whole limit thing on Twitter sucks!! 
this whole staying up till 4am or later thing is really making it hard to function lately.. why cant i sleep?! i have tried everything.. 
this whole-wheat-grain bullshit is a sorry excuse for a bagel.. 
This why I did NOT want to wake up at 7am now at 10am my eyes are heavy &amp; we gotta be at his mothers at 12pm 
this wicked friendly marine with a sad story just came into the waiting room. he's here for chemo treatments.  i hate naval hospitals.
This will be the worst day ever....graduation 
this WILL give you NIGHTMARES http://bit.ly/I5Wkz  excpecially at the 1:35 mark   i already cant sleep
This wind is crampin' my style. I have a section of my yard that won't get any water. I'd move the sprinkler, but it's surrounded by mud. 
this windows update has crippled my machine and i m just sitting and staring my machine now 
This woman is an utter disgrace http://bit.ly/xBbmu - should be charged with aggravated wasting of police time, Clifford given a caution 
This work day/week is going by so slowly...boo 
This working all day stuff is starting to catch up to me. I'm ready for a nap, but no nap for me, not today 
This world sucks 
this WoW patch is sooooo slow 
this wrist support is killer! Ouchie 
This year is really starting to take its toll. I need sleep 
this year went by so fast 
This years ann.dutch North Sea Jazz Festival;@fatbellybella,Qtip,Robin Thicke,Roy Hargrove,Herbie Hancock etc.I Need2go but so xpensive 
This years arts festival meh 
This years seal sslaughtering is over. At school.  Going to work directly after.&lt;3HopeHollywood
thiss is so BORING its too hot for homeworkk  i wanna go swimming.  dammit.
This's might be my last tweet. I'm grounded... Oh am gon miss reading everybodys' tweet. I knw I'm dissapointing to someone. I'm so sorry 
Thiss wind Jus fucked my hair up  lol
thnink gonna take a nap again, feeling really not well  somebody pls turn off the light. im soo lazy to move my ass from this friggin bed
Thnk u God 4wakin me. I overslept &amp;will miss my JuJitsu lesson  Maybe u dint want me 2 get hurt 2day. Plz wake the Lakers. Thk u 4the tix!
thomas &amp; i are going to OC this weekend, but not under the circumstances i would like 
thomas and karmoon have died (and it probably had something to do with eli's poor pet-keeping), peace be upon their merry little souls. 
Thomas got to me  i can't stop crying.
Thomas needs to take a chill pill. Haha! Jaynay + Weed = good times about to happen. but I ate all the fries 
Thomas Vermaelen moved to Arsenal 
T-Home FAIL! Updating from dial-up. Damn! How much I love ADSL now, seeing the dial-up speed 
Thong is up my a$$, kinda sucks cuz I'm headin to church 
Thoroughly annoyed with United Stone and Marble of Stuart! 
Thoroughly disappointed at how well Alan's show went. Funny on TV AND radio. He's like the new Johnny Vaughan. 
Thoroughly shite day here - relentless rain 
thort id join twitter and see what is all abou b4 i go to work and leave the sunshine 
thort it was 2 gd 2 b tru...the pic didnt wrk 
Those asking:our place is in Citta Di Castello. Been coming here since I was 8. I should be fluent in Italian, I've forgotten lots sadly! 
Those days are gone...yes they are.   ♫ http://blip.fm/~8urqz
Those days I didn't have much responsibility . So I liked back then too . Its sad I do the same thing just different company 
those fire alarms seriously hurt your ears. A LOT.  worse than concerts.. haha.
Those genius' at Homebase have made their laminate flooring half a mm thinner than it used to be so it won't line up with the old stuff 
those gray clouds are rolling in fast scaring away our precious sun! ...come back sun 
Those lyrics are exactly how I'm feeling right now   :-|
Those of you that do this whole 4:30 - go to work thing. I feel your pain this morning. 
Those r for u can can, josh, and kim since yall can't be here to c her 
those who cross me shall not survive my wrath... lol, damn do i need some sleep... work 2nite... i miss my baby 
those who have met me will notice i really look a bit weird...crazy 
Thou I was hopeful bout s.......  
thou shalt always kill. god. i have awful art block  it's making me miserable.
THOU SHLL NOT JUDGE..SO IMMA LEAVE IT ALONE..SORRY HAD A MOMENT..SO OVER SO MANY PEOPLE 
though i do wonder quite frequently why my room is attached to the bathroom, and @cecilylauren's dog is kept in there all day  grossgross
though I have plenty of work to do I would love a day on the sofa sipping cocktails &amp; napping, too bad I need to earn a living 
though i just remembered i really need to find my passport cause i'll need it.   i have NEVER misplaced my passport before... argh...
Though I try not to care so much, I am still ticked at the way the White Sox managed to blow a 5-1 lead in the 8th yesterday.   
Though it starts at 9....hopefully I can stay awake for it!  After all, I did wake up at 3:50 this morning.  
though my family went off to Essel world without me coz of my exams.. 
though the guinea pigs aren't coming for like another two weeks  it'll be messy again by that time.
Though they are small papercuts hurt like a mutha.. I got one on my finger 
Though using Apache mod-rewrite in .htaccess helps a lot in SEO, it increases complexity and causes significant performance degradation 
though, due to the complete lack of suspension, i cannot do much of anything without having my back scream in protest 
Though, I did get tomato sauce on my trousers... 
Though, my design was a bit crappy to be honest though. not balanced visually.     meh.
Thought 2go was for oldies.Ad they played makes me an oldie! They said if ur mum loved normie rowe blah blah,I'm their target audience!! 
Thought about hosting party at BlogHer with @mammaloves &amp; @jodifur, but then realized 2 many conflicts with so many other parties.  
Thought about tweeting on new &amp; up-n-coming music, but those trends are so fickle, it isn't worth it. &lt;3 The Virgins, missed their show 
Thought Andy Lee on Rove got a fierce haircut, turns out it was just a ponytail 
thought by now it would be easier  just miss him so much... why is there so much distance between us!?
Thought for sure the boys would back me up for year one but no dice.  chick flick it is 
thought he came bk then. it was just the postman  lol
Thought i could heal like wolverine den i burnt my finger  and well.... its turned red and its hurting
thought i found it but nope 
Thought I had fixed the washer until I saw the pool of water under it. 
thought i had food poisoning...guess not..the rest of the fam is throwing up...lovely. no church today 
Thought I had school today.  Working on vids from last three motorcycle rides.
thought I had the accounts sorted, but tax certificates have suddenly vanished &amp; just found new pile of receipts, boo 
thought i lost 10lbs in weight yesterday, turned out one of the feet on the scales had come off and it was lope sided. bummer  lol
thought i might have more company tonight. guess not  guess its sleep time
Thought I scored a random crap from @woot but never got a confirmation email 
thought i was being sneaky by getting up early to have some peace &amp; quiet...but NOOOO! the boys woke up right when i did! 
Thought I was getting half-decent at frothing the milk, but this morning's attempt was futile at best.  #baristawannabe
Thought I was going camping for the first time this weekend, but @nutmeggy13 &amp; @jimjr21 are chickening out cuz of the heat and storms. 
Thought I was going out!... Guess not! 
thought i was going to go out tonight... i guess not. 
thought I was going to have a fun day 
Thought I was over my food poisoning... It's worse now - thanks Egypt! 
Thought I was sleepy 
thought i would be home by now...guess not 
Thought I'd check out home, that was 10 minutes ago, downloading update, now home square....that's why I can't be bothered with it Sony 
Thought I'd listen to Who We Are Instead (@jarsofclay), but there's too many hard-panned bits for single-ear at-work listening 
thought id tanned after an hour in the sun, i was wrong....i've just burnt 
Thought it was Friday when I woke up. Gutted to find out it wasn't 
Thought it was going too well today, BA long haul economy sucks, Virgin much better. Will resurface from hell in around 10 hours 
thought it was thursday today! 
thought it was too good to last - old kits and brit have come back with a vengeance lol 
Thought Max would let me sleep in since @wineconscience is out of town! No such luck 
thought meadowhall was too crowded and stuffy! 
Thought my BB was down again because I wasn't getting any responses to my texts turns out my network is fine ppl just aren't texting back 
thought my dog was one of the special ones. yet she too drinks from the toilet 
Thought my kids were too old to subject me to awful soft play centres.  Seems I was wrong   Earplugs at the ready.
Thought my kitty would like some playtime in the backyard. Now he has deep gash/hole in his tummy. Taking to vet. http://twitpic.com/3kwve
Thought my sniffles &amp; chestiness were due to pollen, but it's only on moderate today. Prolly not #swineflu but do think I've got summink. 
thought of going to work the day after is making me upset 
thought that if she planted a smartie, that a smartie tree would grow...but... 
Thought there was a spider on my face and whacked it...of corse there wasn't and now I may potentially have a nose bleed! 
Thought They Were Indian, They're Middle Eastern, So Ignorant. My Baad! But Their Food Is Great! I Miss Nigeria Now 
Thought this girl had pandas on her.... They were pirate skulls 
thought this tiredness would only occur during the school year 
Thought this was equally sad and fascinating-Five FB No-Nos for Divorcing Couples. http://peaurl.com/casori Can't we all just get along? 
thought tonight was weird and is wondering where katie is 
Thought twitter would be fixed by now... 
Thought we found a &quot;miracle&quot; to keep my dog from getting carsick. Then he threw up in my lap. Not a pretty sight. 
Thoughts &amp; prayers to all affected by the crash of flight AF447, How awful, especially the not knowing. 
Thoughts &amp; prayers w/ the families of those injured and/or killed in the DC Metro crash. 
thoughts and prayers for our friends the DeShazer's after a terrrible horse trailer accident today.  so sad 
thoughts and prayers go out to the big homie Mike! rip exodus tyson, such a sad sad story 
Thoughts and Prays to those on Air France 
Thoughts and preys go outs to thoses who lost love ones on the Air France jet, and to Swine Flu  (Such sad Times these days)
thoughts are with AF447 and their families.. 
thoughts are with everyone who knew someone on the red line yesterday 
thoughts go out to families and friends of victims of last night's Rio-Paris plane crash  
thoughts goes to his family, i hope they're okay up there, gotta be sucha tragic 
Three calls today. An advanced wireless and two redos 
Three cheers for fiber to the home... now we only have to wait 8 years for it 
three days from now, i can start waiting properly to hear aboot my course, i bet they lost my application though haha 
Three days left in long beach 
three days left in roma  athens on fridayyy!
Three days. For three weeks 
three down, nine to go. i won't be home until like another two hours  i think i failed my norwegian paper two 
three hours in the freezer and my Guinness is ice frozen. no beer tonight  
Three hours straight on livenation.com...sigh, nothing 
Three more days of school - short week and short days!  Bad news - two finals every day. 
three more days of vacation left after this one, gotta buckle down and get some more unpacking done, blah! i hate unpacking 
Three new followers in the space of one minute (no kidding) and all of them appear to be spammers. 
Three of my best friends are moving off of Long Island this weekend. 
Three photoshoots a day to pack and then I'm off to Maine. Gonna miss coaching my Conestoga team  , but that is the only thing I'll miss.
Three point contest ended do to roof moving  :\
Three rooms down, three rooms and a hallway to go!  Odds on me finishing before late are quite slim 
three times today it's felt like my bum was vibrating, but i didn't have my phone on me and it's on silent anyway.. am i going crazy? 
Three weeks without a sale. It's beginning to hurt my feelings 
Threeter 1.2.0 will be available next week! Sorry for being late, just didn't have the time to do it before 
Threw my back out playing with my dog. Took 4 Goody's powders just to be able to move. 
threw my back out... like i can't walk. brushing my teeth none the less. this has never happened b4. there goes my impromptu day of fun 
Threw my backout last night! Slept on the floor. Still in pain. Great way to spend my weekend 
Threw my BB at my face by accident tryin to twit &amp; bust my lip. FML 
Threw out all the size 2's and many size 4's from closet with a heavy heart as a result of heavier body 
Threw out the right side of my back by simply turning my head and had to leave work early. I effectively PAID to work tonight. 
Threw the fangs up on viper but they covered my face, can't win the contest that way 
Thriving on sprouts and fluids. Darn! I might as well participate in Biggest Loser. The scales can't stand me anymore 
THROAT BURN   How does this happen?
Throat coat &amp; Ricola Throat drops are my new best friends feel like crapola 
throat hurts 
Throat hurts  body hurts  spending the day in Lytham weeding a hedge in the rain 
throat hurts from coughing 
throat hurts sssooooooo bad  cleaning, things, fight tonight
Throat hurts. Don't know why. 
Throat hurts. I've been sleeping a lot lately too. Ugh, I hate feeling sick, especially while abroad! 
throat infection coming on strong I think  I can taste blood :S
throat is bothering her, and with all this fluctuating weather she prays she is not getting a cold 
throat is dry and it is irritating me.    whyyy dont i sleep?
throat is hurting  hope i dont get sick this week
Throat is killing me, runny nose, dizzy and tired. Got it from Aki(still sick). Riri getting sick 2. Have 2 cancel my lesson this week. 
throat is killlinggg, i sound like a donkey 
Throat is scratchy ugh 
throat is so raw she cannot sleep....  
Throat is sore 
throat is still killing  gonna go on the tredmill for a while i think, take my mind off things
Throat kills! 
throat less sore, but now more coughing and running nose  I hate being sick ...
throat really hurts. 
Throat seems to be getting worse by the hour 
throat sore a little 
throat still really sore, feeling more and more sick 
Throat's still hurtin' 
Throbbing headache and in desperate need of seeing my baby!  Meh.
Throbbing headache, man. Extremely excruciating  No Coldplay songs will help, unfortunately. *sigh* I'm gonna continue writing nonetheless
Throw it away, forget yesterday, we'll make the great escape &lt;3  IMA FUCKING MISS HIM! D:
Throw new munchkinNotWellException();  
Throwin down my opening set at AC LOUNGE from 8pm-10pm.  still feelin sick though 
so my dad def  forgot what today was...and its thundering, I'm scared! where's babe when I need him!  i love you @stalker_status.
So my dad died like 4 years ago this very hour!!!! Sad times...... 
So my day was off to a terrible start: I was supposed to meet for lunch, and my stomache decided Chick-fil-a, which is closed  #fb
so my dog's gums are yellow which indicates liver failure or something. i hate that my brother hasnt been helping 
So my ears are ringing, my throat is sore and i haz massive headachey  Ima go to bed. NIGHTT&lt;33
So my face hurts. My face is like REALLY hot. Its like my face has a fever or something. I freaking got BURNED to the max this sucks 
So my Facebook account is disabled  Guess it's just Twitter for now! Hope I can get it up and running again soon!
So my first month without a car payment and I have to spend more money on repairs than the payment was. 
so my first post..if you're following me, sorry i'm not more interesting   Studying for a quiz that's due tomorrow. wish me luck.
So my friend has been fighting with her SO and I need to help her move! Glad I'm single, LOL! Relationships always seem to turn sour. 
so my friends r trying to get me to go back out to this party. ignore the phone &amp; watch some Shawshank Redemption. anyway I'm dead tired 
So my jaw might be infected 
so my knee is swollen... this sucks 
so my labret unscrewed itself while I was in the shower and fell through the drain, I spend a useless 30mins trying to fish it out, 
So my laptop won't work. I turn it on &amp; theres a black screen w/ just a cursor &amp; it won't do anything else. So i had to borrow bro's comp 
so my Macbook is really struggling. I left it alone with nowt but tweetdeck and adium running and it overheated. it's my dev machine. 
so my mom asked my brother to put music on in the house, and he chose this random cd of tropical steel drums. really, evan? headache 
So my mom tells me to get up and hurry so that we can go to my niñas house and yet we are still here that was like an hour ago 
SO my mom wants to go on vacation  when TSA comes here. I'm gonna' fake sick or convince my aunt to come home before. 
so my new bigger waist line, is her fault. 
So my new iPhone is on its way to NH. It goes from PA, to NJ and then to Memphis? WTF, Fedex? Looks like I wont have it till monday 
So my night just went from worse to terribly worse. What have done to get this 
So my nose is stuffy  and i reeeally dont wanna go to school today!
So my OMFS doc is making me wear a mouth splint. I look like a total idiot. 
so my own sidekick just hurt my heart!!!!!! there is no hope for me having a hero that will keep my heart happy 
So my phone case messed my my phone so i can't use the case anymore...  My phone is naked...
so my phone officially died  can't receive or send any calls or texts, so don't try, and i won't be able to get a new phone til Tuesday
So my pooper is safely in Leeds  I am sad and do miss him already...it's bn 4hrs since I waved him off lol :S
so my sexual assault victim from last week didn't come in for her counseling today because someone broke into her home and beat her up 
so my sister has given up. its still stuck 
So my sun burn has time to settle and one whole back leg is burnt. And half of the other. It hurts so bad. 
So my yard is pretty much flooded right now  and the street in front of my house, man i glad i drive an excursion right now!
so nauseous today   but The Office is hilarious. &quot;I know what you're thinking--won't this just shed more light on the penises?&quot; Hahaha!
so nearly finished my textiles - ahhhh! then maths revision 
so needed the run, mood would have been dramatically different tonight 
So needs a frozen coke/slushie thing from BP 
So nervous about my spanish test tomorrow 
So nervous about seeing him  been so long..I think I may cry..
So nervous about the game tonight 
so nervous for the gmat tomorrow... 
So nervous. I wanna back out. I feel like I'm gonna throw up. I don't wanna do it. 
so nervous... I hope I get in         if I don't, I'll console myself with a cup of instant noodles when I get home 
so nervous...and hungry. getting my wisdom teeth pulled today so i cant eat anything  this blows
So nit feeling well today 
So no bone fracture, thank god! But a pulled tendon 
so no dallas, no reik, no family  that means heavy drinking on the plane!
So no damn nap... Grrrrr. Stressing about other things and can not get my mind to just shut down.  .
So no drinkies 
So no storms today  but decided to go to work 
So no tattoo today. We got the dates mixed up 
so nobody is on 
So nobodys coming with me tomorrow when I go under the knife 
Throwing drinks at E-Bar...Once again missing the game 
Throwing the perfect pajama party is not whats great about being a girl, at least to me. Maybe I'm not girl enough... 
throwing up all day is no fun 
throwing up at work and my boss won't let me go home 
Throwing up. 
Thru security but forgot to remove my tiny Leatherman from knitting bag. Now DH is mailing it home. 
THS: Teen Pregnancy Nightmares. 
Thsanks frank, fuhhhhhh I'm feelin good, hatton lmfaoo hahaha fucknown sorry princess  fuhh hahahah ilaff at u srly
Tht angel person scares me  x
Thts al i wana hear! Man im such a bad wife 
Thumbs up @sophysophia pic --- I love lookin @myself In others pics... O I wore that dress last wk n the zipper broke 
thunder  poor Catrin shes scared of thunder i hope shes okay 
THUNDER ! OH MON DOU ! 
Thunder and lightening still scare me 
Thunder and lightening well bad here 
Thunder and lightening, there goes my walk 
Thunder and lighting 
Thunder and lightning are no friends of mine 
thunder and lightning..FAACKKKKKK 
thunder raining.... i hate it 
Thunder storm 
Thunder storm on its way? Oh crap.  my hairrrrr!
thunder. big storm is coming 
Thunder. Lightening. Rain. ZzZz's Alone In My Bed. 
thunder.thunder.thunder.BOOM! what is up with all of the thunder storms and rain in June?!?! i miss the sun. 
thunderbird replicating my gmail inbox on local ...taking time.. 
thundered so hard today ahhh and poured down with rain 
So not excited to go to work. I wish I was going to the beach insteaddd. 
so not happy with direct messaging and tweetdesk  they just wont work for me maybe im just twitter stupid or something i dont know ugh
So not having a good day 
SO not impressed anymore. :/ day just went dramatically downhill.  thanks for making me feel horrible about my self. ...
So not in the mood to do holding statements and crisis Q&amp;As 
So not in the mood to run 
so not in the mood to study for the final exam 
So not looking forward to do homework!  sux!  *Arlene*
so not looking forward to going back to school tomorrow 
so not looking forward to seeing dentist in a couple of hours. 
so not looking forward to swimming for pe 
so not motivated. 
So not only has Warner Bros. called an urgent meeting, they're coming over themselves, all the way frm Town. We're scared. Very scared... 
So not only is my finger swollen, my hips and all my other fingers are. Yah so this thing, called arthritis really takes over my life. 
So not ready 2 go back 2 work 
so not up for work today 
so now i can fly down to chch and see all my family have to say goodbye to my mum  she has alzhemers has forgotten us all.
so now I get to read my chapters that I tried so hard not to read yesterday. my day is going to be fun 
So now I have to start again   
So now I'm applying for a job at Justice for Girls. Fantastic, nothing but Disney slaves and the JoHoes. I am so desperate for a job 
So now im not going to Lancaster  and i gaudyvo clean more  so who wants to hang out?
So now I'm up by myself, alone and hungry as all ways 
So now it's just a wait &amp; see game. I fall asleep &amp; it might or might not be there when I wake. 
So now my body is used to wakin up every damn day at 7am......no more sleep-ins 
So now my mum tells me i can't use the memory stick because of potential viruses on it from he work :| just great. im too stuck anyway 
so now no more twitter on my phone 
So now Tevez is leaving Man U ...Not a happy lass 2day 
Thundering Outside !!! I miss the monsoon rain... 
Thundershowers seem to be skimming the top of York's city limits... no rain for us 
thunderstorm 
Thunderstorm  time to get our nails done!
Thunderstorm again. So muchfor an afternoon park trip. 
Thunderstorm looks like it will ruin my gallivanting plans during last day of school for kids 
thunderstorm outside  i hate them unless someone else is with me
THUNDERSTORM! I may disappear. 
Thunderstorm!!! it was soo scary 
Thunderstorm. Gotta shut down. Ooh, we went a whole day without one this season. How nice. 
Thunderstorm.. I want to hold his hand... 
thunderstorm=no bike ride. 
thunderstorms and torrential rain in the south-west eh? That'll be #glasto. 
thunderstorms can kiss the whitest part of my ass. 
Thunderstorms from 8-9 and the power grid laughs in it's face. Peace and quit from 9-10 and power goes out the last 10min of SYTYCD!!! 
Thunderstorms, nickel size hail and 70 mph winds! Only got half the furniture in, duck and cover! - Sorry if a chair hits you 
Thunderstorms....the joy of living in FL during the rainy season 
Thurs already?! i swear the week just started! sooo exhausted.. time to leave school so i can nap for my all nighter 
Thursday and no new Southland to pump me up for the weekend!  Can't wait for the dvd! ha!
thursday are always the worst day of my weeks  i hate piano lessoooooooooon  mama i wanna quit
thursday come sooner! job hunting galore 
Thursday going to the doctor for my eczema. Had to take off my rubber wristbands, cause they may have caused it..  I hate going to the doc
Thursday is here already!!  My week just flew by!
Thursday is not karaoke day today 
thursday is so far away!! what will i do with no lakers till then? 
Thursday is the gay pride parade in Jerusalem and I can't make it... again. 
Thursday=working out, cleaning, packing, last day of VBS  and home.
So Nuba isn't open on Sundays  Any other good lebanese &amp; vegetarian friendly restaurants open on Sundays in the Lower Mainland?
So odd sometimes my pals. four men quarreled on some trifle... and this hurts me very much. but i don't understand why... 
So of course I'm laying in bed watching Tyra &amp; my tummy hurts 
So olive garden breadsticks are awesome. I'm fat now 
so on a normal Friday this would be about the time to start goofing off..but boss man is here 
So on day 2 of my revision schedule I don't feel quite so motivated.  I feel lethargic, and unsure of how to revise English lit 
So on MAY 15 My Friend CODY Die for Cancer. I REALLY am GOING TO MISS HIM   ME and HIM had CANCER at the same time when I was 13!
So one of my best friends at work (ROB) just wrote me up for being an hour late 
So only like 2 ppl in my twitter fam are awake  I'm bout to get like @georgewezsley  and start conversing with myself.
sO ONLy oNe pERsON iS uP fOR eAttiN [iM mAd eVERyONe aiNt feELiN weLL... sKiP mE sHit] sO dENNys tOgO it iS 
So out of it today. Might even answer month-old emails. 
So over class but I still have 3 weeks  save me!
So over my guppies dying.  I blame all the death on the 2 month old tank that broke not too long ago and the stress they were under.    
So over selfish people...u show u care and there for them..only to have yr heart ripped out and handed to u on a plate! 
So over this rain!  
So overwhelmed with work and school 
So pain is 80% gone but replaced w/ a fever.... FAIL 
So pathetic.  I just heard something funny on a podcast and I went to get up from my computer and tell Sarah...but she's not here.  
so pissed i don't have my purse  tomorrow morning im getting it as early as possible
So pissed I passed.. Missed two debuts 
So pissed i went to tesco to get food i found picknmix got so excited then the lady didnt know how to weigh them! So none foe me 
SO PISSED OFF RIGHT NOW. I need to cool off. :/ @valentinechild I want to go to school but my mom's like, &quot;SIGNAL NO. 2 IN MANILA BLAH&quot; 
So pissed off that facebook lost my awesome bejeweled blitz score...so long 212500  Hrs lost, hrs of work ahead to get another good score.
t� com sono 
T�i x? xe Bus lo chat Ola r?i g�y tai n?n. Kinh th?t  http://go.ola.vn/SmohQw
T�m ho�i ho�i, m� ch?ac c� vi?c, th�i, ta l�m free land v?y, 
t�rle� is a stupid child why should i know something about his boring life?... 
tianwugh to shortness of breath and nausea 
Tiara just called. BabyPutera got admitted to hospital.  sob sob
tic tic toc toc tic tic toc toc .. wake up wake up  now I wanna cry
tic, tac, tic, tac tomorrow spring triatlon, ohhh my lord i am too old for this!!! maybe last twitts 
tick, tock, tick, tock.. the clock has stopped. 
Ticked that 2 minutes means the difference btwn catch bus or wait 1/2 hr for the next one in AM. @partoftheplan schedules to Langley 
Ticket issues, I am not going to the show 
Tickets for Annapolis trolley tour had the wrong time, so we missed the tour.  
Tickets for mumbai still on waiting list..the numbers are not budging 
Tickets to lolla cost $80...damn. I need a way to make some money! 
tickets to see Arcadia are £45.  This is why I have had to abandon high art for low art. By low art, I mean drinking in parks.
Tickle drought 
tickly cough. time for a whisky toddy then back to bed!! up at 6  Ear plugs fitted tomorrow!
Tidur sambil duduk is a fail idea 
Tidying and packing up my room, Ricky Road is deathly quiet, scarily so 
Tidying my room  then more revision
Tidying my room then going to gym later! what a Friday! 
Tidying room  not good
tidying up the flat for Dad and Olga's arrival. Crickets have been hidden under my art desk 
tidying up, washing and learning.... I hate dietetics.. arghhh.. 
Tie?go0E #password -  -- SMILEY    sad face, 'that comment makes me sad (mad)'
Tied for fourth in city of mobile championships this weekend. 
tied up in my own integration tests 
Tierd from the night shift but i just can't sleep... 
Tierrrd &amp; Ruff  Watching bigg brotherrr. Beddd timee sooon 
tiffany and deanna are over, what joy. spending time with my friends and NOT at the lakers parade 
Tiffany Underwood can't make it. 
Tiff's Gma has terminal cancer...  Gonna drop off Tiff so that she can be her CNA while she is on hospice (*sp)  
Tiger is on the third hole and I haven't even left the house yet.   at least it's a half day and I'll be home by 1pm.
Tigers lost.  But Granderson did well tonight!
Tigers lost...we are   but they do have another chance.  We are cleaning closets this afternoon.
so pissed right now, mixed with misery, i fucking hate bitches. 
so PISSED roxie is moving to florida in two weeks    fuck!
So pissed that Max got voted off #SYTYCD last night  He definitely deserved to stay..
so pissed that this guy that I used to have a total crush on his a total dopehead now...literally...dope. Saw him tonite..doing dope 
so pissed the deli lady is ghost!!! im hungry, now i must stave! today is not my day...No parade... no food 
So pissed! 
So pissed, Now am hearing iPhone update dont come out till 6pm UK time 
so plumber either tomorrow or mon. Means I got a plunger and drain for nothing 
So pretty much Its a wrap!  but I got my makeup did by paula from American idols personal makeup artist!
So procrastination, my old nemesis, we meet again. But this time the advantage is....well, yours 
so proud--just cleaned the hell out of my apartment. it's about the only time my place has been entirely devoid of hell. ooh that was bad 
SO PUMPED FOR SUMMER, gotta get through exams first 
So quick update about &quot;Remeber me&quot; set today - Someone who is there just said that it is all inside shooting today &amp; u cant see a thing 
So quiet around here without @zatetic1 . Makes me sad. 
so quiet with everyone at #tweetupmellers 
so ragin its rainin out  rain rain go away
SO READY 2BLOW THIS TACO STAND (CLASS)..UUGGHHHH 
So ready for bed. So tired. Why did I stay out so late. Goshdamn in tired. 
So ready for it to be Friday....I miss last week 
So ready to get out of this stupid state. Thank god i never have to come back. I want to go home. 
So ready to go but I have a while 
so ready to move in  my parents piss me off!
so reality just hit...i'm about to get on a plane....i'm scared now 
So relieved Clay found a job, but sad that it will take him away for a long time 
so restless to do any work. all the heavy revision is tiring me out 
so RF has like 3 tour dates in Ohio..but we can't manage 1 in Washington??  It makes my heart sad.
So ridiculously jealous of Kristen Stewart 
so ridiculously tired 
So rite now im freezen wish i had dat right/special shawty to cuddle wit 
So sad  I spent 4 hours on a lab report and in return she gave me a stupid 75% 
So sad  I want my tv to work!
so sad  just heard about francis's &amp; b' friend, so scary. I hope he recover's fast. i dont even know him, i but will pray for him,so sad
so sad  my friends baby died last night. please keep her in you prayers!
so sad !!  there's no more cereal ! hahaha LOL !!
So sad ... I just witnessed the death of a turtle in my back yard.  I tried to save him from the dog but I was a few seconds too late.  
So sad ...we crashed and lost our only car. We can't aford another one. 
So sad :*( a jewel fell off my new @xobetseyjohnson earrings. Does Betsey Johnson do repairs?  help betsey!
so sad @iamchrisc really hates us 
so sad @mileycyrus  never got that first award 
so sad @peepmypolish is leaving me today for the rest of the week 
so sad about Air France flight 
so sad about danny gans 
So sad about Ed   RiP Ed McMahon
So sad about Farrah Fawcett!  Been watching Charlies Angels on youtube for a while... Finished Season 1 a few days ago- It was her only.
So sad about Farrah Fawcett. 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett... 
so sad about John and Kate 
So sad about John Edwards, loved him.  
So sad about jon and kate plus 8  divorce is something I hope I never experience.
so sad about Mike Tyson's daughter. 
so sad about my big problem 
so sad about my favorite tv family breaking up 
so sad about not being at the beach anymore 
so sad about the air france flight that went missing 
So sad and fucked that people are safer in a foreign embassy than a hospital  #iranelection
So sad and overwhelmed with life. Nobody understands what I go through. 
so sad coz' its raining..i cant go out... 
So sad danny went home on idol tonight.  he deserved it more than the other 2. Blah going to bed. Night.
So sad Figlio is closing in Sept! First restaurant I tried after moving to the TC, and have celebrated many occasions there in past 4 yrs 
So sad for Jess and Cole. 
So sad for my bronbron  And the lakers are stupid.
so sad for Susan though    
so sad going to miss my boyfriend!!! wish he could have came  x x
So sad I can't run today  Great weather for sweaitng :b
So sad I couldn't get my new iPhone today 
so sad i didnt get to meet up with bethan today 
so sad I don't get to hang out with Crystal this weekend again. 
so sad I had to take my bellybutton ring off  got infected!
so sad I have to miss graduation tonight.  Congrats, grads. I &lt;3 you Jen and Shawn! #fb
So sad I have to sleep during this beautiful weather 
So sad I have to work today... 
So sad I missed #BurgerTUB cause I was at work.  On the upside, data is live in production &amp; looks hot, sexy &amp; correct! 14hr days FTW!
So sad I tried on like a million things at Nordstrom and nothing worked! 
So sad I will not see tweets from @DonnieWahlberg @dannywood @JonathanRKnight @jordanknight @joeymcintyre on my phone 2day. 
so sad i wont b able to go to the eugenia kim sample sale in ny. womp womp. 
So sad I won't be able to watch the hills finale  will be working on samples all day
so sad i wont be riding this weekend 
So sad I'm not at #bamboozle !!! People keep tweeting about it... 
so sad i'm not at bamboozle this weekend 
So sad I'm not going to Orlando in the morning 
So sad I'm not in Manning Park 
so sad I'm stuck at work and can't get the new iPhone OS 3 update 
so sad katie is leaving me to go to london today, boo hiss 
so sad my bb is dead  I want it to live again.. Vegas anyone?
so sad my boy is fucking leaving 
So sad news today... I am so depressed! Why is reality so brutal sometimes?! Ask myself if I´ll ever see him again... Miss him already! 
So Sad of one of Jordan's IT company's Bank bankrupt 
so sad right now  some really great photos ruined by my mother. can't believe she ruined my entire roll of film and then just went oh well
So sad right now... The court day is when I wanted to go home to see my fam in RI  I need a pick me up right now. I'm so mad.
So sad she had to say goodbye to one of her kids she works with! They are moving 
So sad that @ClioBC is sick and unable to ome to the festival.  
so sad that Ed McMahon died RIP 
So sad that I can't go see maxwell tomorrow  its either groceries...or a ticket...almost considering the ticket more.
So sad that I didn't buy Make Magazine's 2nd year boxed set when I had the chance. Now it's sold out. 
So sad that I didn't get to call in and talk to @ComicBookHeroes on WZAP Radio. 
So sad that I lost #rodentjeopardy by 4 points! I came in 6th place.  It was fun while it lasted though.
So sad that im gonna miss the new season premiere of The Secret Life of the American Teenager 
tigers should of won yesterday FUCKING detroit TEAMS 
Tight feeling in my chest, abdo pain... food poisoning? Hope not, but I feel crappy... 
tight with ATT, fight night will have to wait until the weekend 
Tightened up the chain.. New pedal chain... Broke the cable stop on the rear brake... 
tiiiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeddddddddd 
tiiiiiiireeeeeeeeed 
Tiiiiiirrrrreeeeeddddd and full of food.  I don't wanna go to work tonight! 
tiiiiired...need to start revision today 
tiiiired &amp; dropping my friend off @ the airport in five hours 
tiiiired, just got back from my 8am final  sleeping a little before heading to work
tiiireddd  wants sumer to arrive faster.. 10 more days..
Tiitii's gone now....bummed 
Tiling the kitchen, Fixing a water pipe in the bathroom, cutting the grass, washing the car. You know enjoying my day off! 
Tim key is getting tired again. 
Time 2 get the hw that I've been procrastinating done. Got an essay &amp; a powerpoint 2 do. Yay me, psych! 
Time 2 Go 2 Work 
Time 2 go to bed!! I had a long day today 
time 2 study hard--- 2 days holiday left    !!!gud night everyone!!!
Time 4 working @ the office 
Time alwaaaays drags when ur waitin for sumthink 
Time difference confuses me so much 
time differences = SUCK! BAD! Why do i have to be here and you have to be so far away from me 
So sad that I'm not at Bamboozle 
so sad that last night was my final Theta soccer game 
So sad that my bestie is flying back to her home in Iowa as we speak     ...i'm gonna miss her!!
so sad that my sister has to get a root canal 
So sad that our dramatic thunderstorm is over! 
So sad that the @jonasbrothers aren't buying their album at midnight at the Virgin Megastore in Times Square this year  It's tradition.
So sad that the Georgia Theater was destroyed by fire  coverage on www.onlineathens.com and AJC: http://tr.im/p3BC #fb
So sad that tonight is the last night mums black macbook will be spending in my house 
So sad that Virgin is officially closed now  RIP, favorite media store.
So sad the hotel's cappaccino machine is set for decaf  #campcourage
So sad the padres lost  
SO SAD the Sprnger Spaniel pup died in the semi-explosion on I-95...and the second pup is still missing  
So sad the weekend is half over  
So sad they discontinued my sesame tofu salad at trader joes 
So sad to be leaving LA 
so sad to hear about ed mcmahon.  
So sad to hear about the latest news on Susan Boyle 
So sad to hear Farrah Fawcett has passed on.  She fought so hard. 
so sad to lose a De La Salle brother.  http://bit.ly/aAyiu
So sad to see Ashley go from SYTYCD 
so sad today bout to graduate tomorrow and all my friends or going to different scholls and i wont c them 
So sad today gals luncheon cancelled..  - http://tweet.sg
so sad tonight kids cried themselves to sleep our kitty passed away   R.I.P Missy Foo.....5-5-08-5-3-09
so sad wen u lose a loved 1  luv u bobby v!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so sad what just happened to george tiller!! 
So sad will didn't get it 
SO sad! Missed last of Spinnerette!  I literally passed out 2x! Had to go 
So sad! This will make you cry http://bit.ly/5NMvY 
So sad!!! I haven't gone to the gym all week!  Was going to go tonight, but the polish on my toes is still kinda tacky. I feel so blah. 
so sad, i gotta work manana  but thats koo i got a new myspace pic! jaja
So sad, just tried to post a blog from my phone and it didn't work.  I hope Toshi the Laptop will be fixed soon.
So sad, leaving wonderful for crappy in a couple 
so sad, lost a follower today, guess I haven't reached the 100 mark after all 
so sad, PBR coming apart for the short run 
So sad, Sometimes she feels so sad   / Paul MacCartney &amp; Wings Another Day ♫ http://blip.fm/~8i45l
So sad.  Me n @danafleischer went to 2 different movie theaters to try and get tix to see 'UP'. All sold out everywhere.
So sad. A little missing 5 year old was found dead near the river my family owns.  Who could kill a helpless little girl?!
so sad. didn't get to go to my prom  sleepinqq the sadness away.
So sad. Just got an Amber alert on my phone. It's Mother's Day and someone stole a baby.   Praying for that family.
So sad. Little Oscar has to get his teeth cleaned today. They have to knock him out for it too! 
time differences suck a lot 
Time flies again. Its Monday again. Back to work 
time flies by so fast when you don't go to school 
Time for a break. Lunch, a cuppa and catch some rays. My brain's aching from sitting at PC for hours doing Uni work 
Time for a coffee methinks - merge fun ahead 
time for a cool off/shower then on to something to eat ... haven't eaten at all since this morning  
Time for a hair cut  I swear the cutters around here don't know how to do a fade.
time for a little summer cleaning... joyyyyy and a half 
time for a nice relaxing bath. then studying for bio  boooo
time for a shower, then to bed. hopefully insomnia won't set in. out of zanax 
Time for another doctors appointment. Yes! 
time for another long day of work  atleast I got alot of time off in July! #fb
Time for another run of 21st century breakdown. altho i love Tre Cool at the drums I want to take Billie Home! 
Time for bed - fighting a summer cold is not fun   Tweetcha tomorrow, guys.
Time for bed - Twitter bullsh*t antennae are on overload 
So sad. My coworker is goin to Alaska for business. He just got back from another business trip! I miss him 
so sad. the last day of high school. watching boy meets world final episode of finney leaving.  so sad.
so sad. uninstalling all of my old sims 2 games off my comp to clear up space. good bye to the 6 expansion packs that I had 
So sad. Won't be able to go to Eli's house with all of the others  I hope they miss me. Hahaha.
So sad... First nice day outside and of course I'm working 
So sad: I missed tonites ep of rove @rove1974  I kept saying all week 'must watch rove, must watch rove' then forgot.
So sad: the baby of the woman who died in RAH Paisley of Swine Flu &amp; other health problems has also died 
So sadface that @juliekiefer is leaving me for the summer. Who the hell am I going to drink and gossip with?!?!?!?!?!?! Hohum. 
so scared, i'm reading the end of the world on google, search &quot;2012, end of the world&quot;, it's absolutely scared  I'm only 18 years in 2012
So screwed today 
so she cant keep her long, so im taking a half day off work, and likely all of friday cuz bitches cant stick by their word 
So shocked at Susan Boyle s performance.  Her last performance wasn't that good.
so should not be awake... think i may be chemically challenged 
So sick  laying down forever
So sick &gt;.&lt; feeling shitty whole body aching!! Hope I get well before boo boo's grad show   sighs.........
So sick and tired of these clouds. I want sunshine. 
so sick i am dyingggg  trying to get comfy on my couch....
so sick inside!! cant sleep felix is on my mind. Havent spoken to him since sunday.. i feel so lost and down!! 
SO SICK of all this rain!  It's really gonna cramp our style for Memorial Day weekend!  
So sick of being back here     http://yfrog.com/5ew9pj
So sick of closing cases   Not what I want to be doing...my chicken kabob pita stuffer tasted delicious however!!
So sick of feeling sick... wish the doctors would work out what is wrong with me.  Dreading that it's a stress ulcer 
So sick of studying! Wish I had a really good memory. 
so sick of the rain, ruined my camping plans 
so sick of the shitty weather in Sydney 
so sick with the flu 
so sick!   got the flu  ! had lots and lots of ice cream at @nehajb 's house!
So sick, 4:16 am and can't sleep due to major sore throat and huge headache  second night in a row this is happening
so sick, bought 50 liter shell vpower racing (WTF?) gas for 1,54 € / liter 
So sick.  Not impressed.
So sick...I want to crawl into bed and sleep forever 
Time for bed, oh how I wish someone was laying next to me 
Time for bed, work in the morning.  good night twitter world
Time for bed.  I have to wake up early and go to the gym 
Time for bed. &lt;3 eugh. Don't know how i'm going to manage to wake up at 7am tomorrow what a drag that's going to be. Ew. cold mornings 
time for bed. Got to be up and painting again in about 6 hrs time 
Time for bed. My daddy leaves in a few hours 
Time for bed. Not feeling too hot right now.  Everyone needs to wish @drewryanscott a &quot;Happy 21st Birthday!&quot;
Time for bed. PLEASE let there be less animal attacks on me tomorrow then there was last week 
Time for bed. School til 5. Work til 10.  I wish I could stay up late 
time for bed. still bummed my tv's busted. i guess no late night E! before bed 
Time for bed. Still feeing pretty badly, wishing I could take one more day off. No such luck, though.  Night night, all. &lt;3
Time for bed. Storms from Nashville headed this way. God, please dont let my dog get scared and eat the carpet again 
Time for bed. Ugh i feel weird. And i have to go to school tomorrow 
Time for bed... Another day of work tomorrow. 
Time for bed....530 start!! 
Time for bed...shit ass work tomorrow 
Time for bed...then out tomorrow for @usacarolin's last night here before she moves back to Germany 
time for chillin' out, oh yeah and hockey training was cancelled. so sad 
time for college. 
Time for Conan &amp; then Jimmy. I hope they cheer me up. 
Time for german revision! 
Time For Lunch I think. Then off to the other side to be shown this evil job that will make me stay late!  darn not having anything to do!
Time for lunch, and phone interview with an agency...I'm nerveous 
Time for me to clean the kitchen, then bathroom, then shower/pretty up and head to the shower. Pity it's a rainy day in Mid-MO 
Time for me to finish work Wooooooooooooo Hoooooooo, had a hard day today  
Time for me to get up, its only Tuesday 
Time for me to go to sleep- My sleep schedule is ALL messed up so I'm going to be tired all day tomorrow 
Time for moar coffee - I think this could be the last of the milk tho 
time for more UF! flight at 730  i wanna live heree
Time for my exam  wish me luck!
Time for Push Circuit 2.  My poor kitty still sick.  Will be bringing him in today.  
Time for riding after 2 days break!  Think I should wear my ugly helmet for protection of my life 
Time for school and mom is leaving 
Time for school...  see y'all later.
Time for sleep exam in 8.5 hours 
Time for sleep, but my mind is way to active. I can't stop thinking bad thoughts. It's 6:55AM, I had another shitty dream last night  FML
Time for sleep, work at 9am and it is a double. 
Time for sleep. Only one more day in Minneapolis  But then it's time for Chicago and Grand Rapids! :-D
Time for sleep... No work today  http://myloc.me/15mN
Time for sleepy sleep... Big day tomorrow, balancing study/work is always fun 
Time for some dentist lovin ......... AH 
Time for some dinner, finding it hard to stay awake! Loads still to do 
Time for some hardcore bandpractice I miss my girlfriend 
Time for some rest! I was tired all day today 
time for some sleep- hav to actually do some work tmrw!! 
Time for supper and some WOW. Management is hard. 
time for tv in bed.Then spending all day catching up on studying  i hate online summer classes
time for work  but then its dancing time 
Time for work  wish me luck.
Time for work not looking forward to it! Gonna be along day!  help!!!!
@SashaKane Hi Honey!  Your tomato plant died?  wah! LOL That's why I love organic produce at Whole Foods LOL
@SashaKane Nip that in the bud!!!  I can relate 
@sashamaemo srry bout ya fish  like Ecc say it's appt unto us a time 2 live and die...tht might not apply here but u get wat I'm sayin
@sashamilky that sucks  hope you find something that works for you
@sashaski Can't see it,  am over in America   
@sashdollaz Wish I were There  #~SS~.... HAM to ya sandwich... Yuuuup (sniffle) lol
@SashiDashi Sashi!!! Twitter said I can't dm u cuz ur not following me. 
@sashraf Well that just makes me feel bad  sorry guys.
@Saskiafairy aw hope ur day isn't too shit tomorrow!! i hate mondays  night &lt;3 xxx
sigh. imaginary brian has left the building  *bummed*
sigh. just ate lunch. still hungry. had breakfast this morning, too. wtf!! 
Sigh. Just ordered lunch for delivery. Chained to the desk until Verizon shows up. May not be until 2:00 now.  
Sigh. My friends bury their five-year old son today. Such tragedy 
sigh. no winning tonite. I was bubble boy twice  I also had 8 pockets, Jacks or better (never aces) in two 6 man tournament games. Damn.
Sigh. Still 4 more stations till my girlfriend  Or my girlfriend's plane at least.
Sigh. Still no freaking Internet- this time at our hotel. I didn't really need to send any work emails this week anyway. 
Sigh. This has been the worst week ever. Im so tired of this 
Sigh. Twitter is irritating today. It's having me refollow some people and adding a tonne more!  http://twurl.nl/8c6ckv
Sigh.. have to wear a tie today  Had to dust it off first....
sigh.. I have over 60 people to call back today. Thats what happens when you take sick on a Monday 
Sigh.. slit myself pretty good while shaving my head.  Ouch. Decent amount of blood.
sigh.. stayed up late cause was on a role w/ assessment, now I'm so tired my eyes r stinging &amp; my head hurts.. &amp; I still need 500 words 
sigh.. work today 
Sigh... @drnormal is all business... Won't even let me show him pictures of people's dogs 
sigh... newsflash...avoiding things does not get them done any quicker or magically, unfortunately 
Sigh... No progress. Got another dose of meds, have to wait 4 more hours. Hopefully something happens soon. I'm tired and hungry 
Sigh... put it off long enough. Have to take Questran for my tummy and it's the most horrible stuff. Get really sick without it though 
Sigh... Ruby fell off my ring! ... Looks like a empty cage   http://yfrog.com/5bl9aj
sigh... was going to go for a run ... but missing some vital ingredients. 
Sigh... Wat to do now...... 
Sigh... Yard work and then actual work  fun day.
sigh.......what a terrible morning 
sigh....everything I own seems 2 be falling apart n I've no money to replace it. Sucks being poor... 
sigh....goodnight...last night in my bad for a long time 
sigh....i am home.  i have tons of laundry to do   hahahaha, it's nice to be back, but there's something about MD...hmmmm
Sigh...jus got off work...my bed is callin my name!!! Sooooo tired!!! 
sigh...one more day until another week of chemm 
sigh...still studying for tmr's examination 
sigh...thinking about my ex-crush makes me sad  and they call. them crushes cuz they crushes ur heart 
Sigh...vacation is officially over 
sigh...went to check my email excitedly thinking MAYBE there was an email choosing me for a Cali show for Lets Get This Foundation. Nope 
Sigh..i hate feeling so down..especially when i don't have a best friend to cheer me up. 
sigh..staring at another very tight month..when will hikes come back 
Sigh.Time to get up n get ready for AgEz B-Day BarBQ...I'm cooking of course,LOL,Ribs,Fried Chicken,twice baked potatos...im tired though 
sighh.. what else can go wrong ? feelin sick 
Sighhhh..I miss my precious puggle Sami  i'm just about ready to go home..
sighs went to bed at 4am and its now almost 8am, not been able to get sleep  not feeling good either, sighs
sighs, he didn't reply my mssg. see? we're different now 
Sighs. Why did they not miss the train ?  nvm. I can play my dear ds for the whole day luh ! I don't feel like going tuition too ! -.-
SiGhs..About 2 go Work Out! 
sighs~ run me over so i dont have to do the exam!!!  Dont do serious damage though... just enough so i dont have to take the exam!
Sign of the times: Admiral's Club no better than sitting at the gate waiting for my flight 
Sign of the times: Our daughter bruised her face on the playground. Now when I'm out with her, I can see &quot;abuser!&quot; in others' eyes. Sad 
Signature of @brian09 wiped off from my phone. Sadddd 
Signed back up to WoW after a short break, with a newfound sense of purpose: Rep Grinding 
signed off work for a week but will do what i can from home. 3 types of drugs and referred to specialist. poop 
Signed up for #googlewave. In an hour or two will be struck by perfect haiku. But not while filling out webform. 
Signed up for classes bright and early today, turns out I have one on the other campus next semester  Its the only class that day though!
signed up for my 2nd (or 3rd, dunno) web2.0 service  most important link: http://2tu.us/gp9
Signed up for something this weekend that put me on a spam list  Or maybe Google's spam filter is broken. Anyone else getting more spam?
Signed up for tokbox but can't use ittill later cause I'm at the new house 
Signing off for the night because I'm tired and I have a headache from all the crying I've been doing tonight 
Signing off for the night. Good night all! Seeya in 6 hours! 
Signing off...the internet is not working well on the bus 
signing out from rmd drawchat.it's not like it used to be..it's boring now 
Signing out, my nanny is making me go to sleep  ill try to go on twitter more...
Signing Out. So tired  whattah day
Signing up on Twitter just so I can use tweetdeck to view trends 
signing up to twitter cause i have to for uni 
Signing up to twitter, later than everyone else, as usual 
Siiick  Being a bum watching movies
SIL is now having a C section 
Silence - this is not that good 
silence ... and i still need to sneeze 
silence breaks my heart 
silence in the office  has somebody died?
Silence! I'll Kill U!!! - hard day... Can somebody relief my mind from pain??? 
Silent Hill is creppy. It's gives me the thrills. Scared. 
Silk - He done us wrong 
Silliest thing is, I have spent all damn week playing each different class to 20, so am now thoroughly sick of the starter areas 
silly broken computers....I may be stuck without mine for a while 
Silly Goose. my knees hurts 
Silly queue 4 west end live  LET US IN!
silly rain 
Silver bullet blacked out my picture cuz my boobs were coming out of my shirt  I WAS MAKING A COOL FACE I'M SORRY I'M BUSTY
Silver is freaking pissed as she could not get the chio care bear out of the plush toy machine 
Silver lining of my sick day. Saturday Rock the Deuce was All Time Low. And I have it recorded. @JackAllTimeLow cheerin' me up. Night. 
Silver lining to having to go through everything in iTunes: remembering how awesome 30 Seconds to Mars are. Though I miss Leto's acting 
silver&amp;ethan, rosita&amp;bruce, jack&amp;kate, micheal&amp;sarah, sryrli&amp;who?(maybe genny)...i really wonder answer of this question 
Simba is already missing Sally &amp; Zac  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/1043840
Simba is vomiting and has diarrhea. Don't know what's going on  http://tinyurl.com/nfzw8a
Simmering in the heat of 6:30 PM. It's so hot here in Manila. Agh. 
Simon (my baby frog) got his arm ripped off today by one of our fish! Poor mini baby froggy. How the hell will he swim to the top now. 
Simon feels poorly and my wrist/hand hurts... and I work late tonight. today is icksy  I dun likeeeee
Simon Felice is no longer playing with the Felice Brothers. I'm not sure how I feel about that. 
Simple Plan – Perfect&gt;&gt;&gt;I know what its like to try  ♫ http://blip.fm/~891ky
Simply cannot be arsed today. 
Simply must get some sleep  #E3
Sims 2 Is being a fucktart. 
Sims 3 - I want it now! But exams til 24th  is it any good?
Sims 3 doens't work on my laptop which is shit. Installing it on dad's right now, it better work, or i'll actually cry 
sims 3 doesnt come out in New Zealand until the 5th of june BOO 
Sims 3 is awesomesauceee ) I made Paul Woody and Tina Wulf get married ) But it restarted and I didn't get to save 
sims 3 is cool...but  i have so many families on sims 2  
Sims 3 is rubbish  I've took it back
sims 3 is soooo stressful 
Sims 3 is taking over my life 
Sims 3 is utterly expeinive to get on my ITouch and iphone  Not paying 13.00 AUD sorry EA games bring the price download to 4-6AUD
sims 3 just crashed for the first time since i got it... well that was a good streak 
Sims 3 just crashed on me and I didnt save 
sims 3 just overheated my computer. &amp; i couldnt save the game 
Sims 3 keeps crashing  was the first time with a sims game, also my last. EA should have sorted this out before releasing on iphone
Sims 3 keeps crashing! 
sims 3 looks awesome... too bad my computer is too old for it 
Sims 3 needs to install faster 
Sims 3 rest of night. Work at 7:30am 
Sims 3 runs incredibly slowly on my laptop   something about an unsuported video card. :/
sims 3 sucks  could've happily stayed with sims 2...
Sims 3 were sold out in the store today. I have to wait untill next week to get it  http://bit.ly/1HNpgS
Sims 3 would really make sense right now, waste a few more of my grounded days 
Sims 3 wouldn't work on my old macbook  hope to get Sims 2 by tomorrow.
Sims 3! Sims 3, Sims 3! Now off to work for a few hours 
sims 3! sum1 buy it for me. pleez 
Sims 3... 33%... Not today then 
Sims 3..... won't work.  Only 5 days til Musicality. =D Coursework  Rock on Friday? Yea....
Sims is sooo addicting!! Installing it on my lil bro desktop cozz my laptop suckkzzzz 
Sims shut off on me! and i didnt even save! 
Sims... why did you crash before i could save... 
Sims3 launch is tommorrow @ 2pm &amp; I'll be working away  Damn, i feel so saddddddd. I wanna gooooooo! Shld i take MC? =X
Sin ideas para TPs 
Since &quot;he&quot; has a presentation to finalize its just me, my movie, my taco cabana tacoz, and Chardonnay....   work den play. But it sux 
Since @JonathanRKnight has not tweeted again, I am going back to sleep (3rd attempt) LOL! must be up in 3 hrs for work! it's 3:10AM now! 
since i am up already, gonna get some shit done around the house. I have fast food hangover. 
Since I can't get any newly smoked meat @bobbernier ....I'll have to order take-out......sigh 
since I cant hit the movies up  im going to watch the &quot;bad seed&quot; my friend said its a bad movie. but i cant follow her she voted for bush
Since I can't view nin:access on Linux.... 
since i did pay for a new router out of my 'saving for a new nice bag' money 
Since I was awake unreasonably early (pre 6.30am) when I didn't have to be up till 8, I thought I'd d/load 3.0. But no. not available yet 
Since it's follow Friday, follow my man @MOARdrew, cus he's lonely. 
Since i've been payn' attention to what i eat..checkn' cal content!!! UGH..180 cal for 1/2c icecream : ? ...trust me, that ain't nothing 
time for work. this morning just observing in the primary room i'll be interning in this fall. observing makes me feel useless 
time geos by soo fast...another week of schooll 
Time goes by, 25 days from TOEIC... I have to study more efficient !!!! The graduation dinneris such a big trouble 
time goes really slowly when you're waiting 
Time has been goin by soo slow 
Time here is 9 40 pm. Still i can see sunlight here..  hmm... Too much .. #ustrip09 #california
Time is crawling at work today been here 4 hrs and 8 to go. 
Time is going by soooo slooooowwww  I am sooo hungry!
time is going by way too quickly. only 3 days left at camp!?!? 
time is going so slow 
time is money and i am short on both.  GOT DARN IT!!!!!
time is passing by and I don't get anything done 
Time sure goes by when your tweeting your life away...lol...imma have to leave harlem soon...   maybe I shuld jus move here!
Time to attempt to make firm middle-aged woman buns. Sorry, @thinguy, no two-a-day today. 
Time to be a grown up and budget. 
Time to call it a day! Busy day ahead with office meeting, photo shoot, virtual tour shoot,  &amp; softball if my abdomen could just heal.   
Time to call it a night! Back to work tomorrow 
time to clean   these people don't clean up after themselves! tired of seeing toothpaste around the sink, the rug wet and just plain dirt!
Time to clean..............................Boring 
Time to cure the soccer hunger with Italy vs USA kicking off in a sec... no swimming for me and lil' bro tonight, he's poooooorly 
Time to curl up on couch and watch NCIS I think! Early night for me I think - wrecked after working today. Where did weekend go? 
Time to dope up on meds cause this headache aint goin anywhere 
Time to dream about the birds &amp; the bees.... this is going to be a week of hell!  Night everyone!
Time to face the music 
time to get back to work   man it's gonna be a LONG day!
Time to get dressed, I suppose...gah another workday 
Time to get going again 
Time to get in the car ... And destroy the environment - sorry  @ http://is.gd/Rrzr
time to get ready 4 work goodbye internet till 2night 
time to get ready for bed, had more than a full day although 1 major thing did not get done, going to @edwelker's house, will do tomorrow 
Since Joyent took over from Textdrive my lifetime's server space doesn't get much loving... it's down quite often 
Since memorial day weekend is over I'm going to throw myself a party... a pity party.  xo Lolli
since my brain thinks it night time right now i am sooo tired, i dont want to go to sleep though 
Since plans to Atlanta are cancelled, guess i'll stay home with College Hill, chicken nuggets, and mac and cheese. 
Since ppl are showin off their tats I just wanted to do it too. :-p lol ....I need more.  http://twitpic.com/6sckj
Since the classes started,i read maths stuff and chain smoke and run away from the rain. The weather is sooooooooooo shitty 
since the first recovery of the wreck of titanic i keep track on her final fate. now it breaks my heart to see the wreck falling apart 
since when are there bugs in california?  i think the mosquitoes have eaten me alive 
Since when does forrest city card at the door?! Pissed off i drove an hour for nothing.  going home. 
Since when was calling each other a big deal and so hard to do?  i need to work on being LC, @aaronpayumo
sincerely want's a VW bus.. 
Sincerely wishes he could be at THE ROOM at the Village East tonight, but schedule wouldn't permit. 
SincerelyAngela: car won't start. this is super, my horoscope DID say my day was going to be two stars out of five. right again. 
time to get ready for one of that last places on earth that i want to go  not fun anyone willing to switch places with me?
time to get ready for work now... 
time to get ready to go to that place and I'm not even completely awake yet 
time to get ready to go to work! 
time to get ready! got a busy day ahead and didnt sleep last night 
time to get some rest finally...I have traffic school tomorrow... 
Time to get some sleep! Only 5 hours though 
time to get the license renewed... might as well roll a 20 up and smoke it 
time to get things sorted to head back to d coast 
Time to get to Busy. and need to work and face the concrete Jungle of Nairobi   thank fully 4 Days and them I am of to the Bushes 
time to get to sleep  huhu. alright, enough. goodnight, everyone! 
time to get up  and actually do some work  suppose
Time to get up  but the sun is calling me.
Time to get up for work, noooooo 
Time to get up in 50 min 
Time to get up, and ready for work 
Time to gett the dog from the wett what a shity day 
Time to go back on the phonessss 
Time to go back to reality. Leaving the Vegas 
Time to go back to work  Off at 7!
Time to go back. 
sing it with me.. rain rain go away... 
Singapore confirms two clusters of H1N1 local transmission. 2 Clusters - 1 at Riverlife Church, 1 at NUS. ahhh too close to my hse! 
Singapore was OFF THE HOOK last night  forced my self up early to see the place in the day as i leave at 11pm tonight  not enough time!
Singapore, you're killing me with your Sale!! 
Singaporean fans had a private M&amp;G with @DavidArchie. How 'bout Manila fans? 
Singapore's a trending topic! It's very humid now 
Singing a Whole New World and now he came in too early 
singing along 2 Jonas Brothers, Sorry &quot;I realize I let u down, told u that I'd b around.&quot;  Yeah, like coming 2 Australia. 
Singing Could Have Lied makes me sad 
Singing my heart out, but now my throat is sore again 
singing songs from Finian's rainbow at the top of my lungs.  Dave's watching the TV at a volume that covers me up.  
so since i've been home from chicago my dog hates me! she wont come near me and runs away when i call her 
so skullcandy is bringing back the headphone that i like kinda. ok so the 1 i like is the dj white camo 08 now theres a white camo 09 
So sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeepy but cannoy fall asleeeeeeeeeeeeeep. 
So sleeeeepyy. Didn't sleep till 4.  not going to school till 5th period. I had a weird dream hahaha
So sleeeepy!!! Very loooong weekend! I think I still have the Itis from last night dinner! lol Didn't know Sushi could do that to you 
So sleepy &amp; I have work in 8 hours... 
So sleepy again and it's not even that late. I fail once again. 
so sleepy but i cant sleep  tmrw 3rd day of nat'l exam : mathematics! sleeping days is over LOL
So sleepy cause i got 5 hours of sleep last night 
So sleepy don't really want to go to school!!!... 
so sleepy from allergy medicine/being woken up by inky meowing in a super whiny way outside my door this morning 
So sleepy I actually feel ill!  Why's it so warm??
So sleepy right now....wish there was something good on tv 
So sleepy so sore.  I need ice cream and popcorn STAT.
so sleepy waiting for the iphone update 
So sleepy! Not wanting to think about going to work tomorrow 
so sleepy, but i cant sleep now 
so sleepy. harvard graduation officially starts tomorrow. i'm gonna miss my boys. 
So sleepy. I keep waking up terrified at 3:30am bc of my dreams. 
So sleepy. On the train on my way to my internship. I wish I never had to change @ jamaica so I could sleep the whole ride. 
So sleepy.. Ive been looking for Prince since 8.. No not the singer.. I wish my man wasnt leaving next Saturday for 22 days 
so sleepy... but I have a bunch of work to do 
so sleepyy. i never can manage to sleep in 
So slow at the tgi 
So slow at work.  I can't wait to see the tattoo exhibit at the musem tomarow
so smart me checks his phone...and finds txt from 4 other women, so now I'm at home, curled up in bed sore and broken hearted... 
So so and so tired 
time to go look at vintage shit on ebay that i'm never going to buy 
Time to go nightnight. I'm gonna go play w/ my bigbig bro Hankabear and Hercules and Gretchie.  I miss you, Gretchie.   bunches.
Time to go paint my neighbors barn.....when will I learn  
Time to go to a meeting ... ugh 
Time to go to bed 
time to go to bed, have work tomorrow.  damn early start!
Time to go to bed, heard some depressing news tonight and am just pissed about it 
time to go to bed, without u.. 
Time to go to bed... running with some friends at 9am 
Time to go to bed....feeling a little sore 
time to go to bed...weekend over...  
time to go to bedd. yay dont wanna wake up cause that means exam studyinggg  hockeytomzz
time to go to work  but day off tomorow 
time to go to work again, got an eye appointment ln a couple hours    i'll get online eventually, probably when  i get to work
Time to go to work!! I enjoyed my day off and hope to continue working on myself and my home.  Moving furniture   not cool
Time to grade again 
Time to head back home. My business here is done. 
Time to head back up to Detroit and drop off Elihu and Kathe so they can fly back to Peru. Safe trips for all! 10 days alone 
Time to head out for my bike ride.  Forecast now has increase chance of precipitation later this afternoon 
Time to head to work  BBL.
Time to hit the bed...boxing made me tired!! And my arms are sore 
single  ily mitchelmusso and nick jonas
Single and ready to mingle haha I ve started to comfort eat help! 
sinus congestion is making thinking straight difficult 
sinus headaches please dont start up again..i feel you already 
sinus pressure all over the right side of my faycee. this isnt supposed to happen its suMmMerrr 
Sipping green tea in Investment class. I want to go home  i miss my baby
sipping mint tea ~ still nauseous..will try to get to bed early tonight 
sipping on my coffee wanting to hear from the vet 
sipping raspberry lemonade and getting ready to go soak in the jacuzzi tub.  ahhh... this is the life. But, I do miss my boys  
time to hit the sack  getting up at 5 tommorow argh haha xx
Time to jump in the shower! I never got to my MySpace  I was stuck on ADT forever, but I Looove it!
Time to leave 
Time to leave  the happiest place on earth. Bye mickey and spooky friends 
time to leave psu...so sad   heading home today
Time to make a decision......I hate making that decision ...My dog is just so very ill....its an awful nite. 
Time to move on 
Time to pack up my stuff and start heading home. 
Time to partayyyyyyyyyy!!!! I'm already tipsy so sad  lol
Time to play some Prototype, And I really hate getting achievement offline without time stamps 
Time to play the delete game again. 
Time to pop the balloon I got at the Flaming Lips New Year's Eve concert.   moving out of this apt and have no place for it.
Time to practice Valse by Chopin ~idk wut opus #~ piano recital this saturday 
time to quit water bottles 
time to read Cold Mountain.... 
Time to read legal docs 
Time to reinstall win7 again 
time to run if im ever going to lose some weight. UGH 
Time to run out and look at some cuke plants...the seeds may not be working 
sipping strawberry and mango tea, while watching the news! how boring am I? 
Sips more hot coffee in hopes of soothing the throat. I've ran out of Strepsils.. 
sir hos, i apoligize for my lack of tweets....your musk is missed, its just very hard to see u in pesants clothing 
Sir Tel read out my mail re Twitter but didn't mention me.   Never mind, I'm going to have to be a big brave boy (sobs uncontrollably).
Sirius on my phone! No Howard Stern tho  ::FAIL::
sis and kids r wet n cold at hershey 
Sis blackmailing me  says she ll mk puttu &amp; kadala for me tomrw morning only if I do dishes... &amp; the sink is full... am in a predicament!!
sis give kas my pin. i cant find it. not lol 
Sis is leaving today 
Sista is leaving around noon. 
Sister and kids just left to head back home. The girls are very sad. 
Sister and mom leaving for the VIet-nam ... They're making me wear a mask so I don't get them sick 
sister at camp ALL week  i miss you
sister going away to ibiza in two days for a week and i'll have to go to school ! no fair 
Sister gone again 
Sister graduating today. Ugh, I hate dressing up. 
Sister had another seizure.  happened tonight while at church camp... She's on her way to the hospital with my other sis now. Prayers plz.
Sister Hottie isn't helping my situation neither  I want to be a good girl someone plsss call 911
sister is here.. i wish i could take her &lt;3 break away   hangin around town
Sister Regina's going away party! She's leaving to pensilvania for a year ahh 
sister stopped by... brought me food...since i am stuck in the house... 
Sister swined up now too poor sis   Due to my recent recovery will be staying far far away from my family for another week
Sister: That toilets wobbly, you better not use it Heather. Might fall over on you. Me: I WAS SEVEN!!!!! 
sisters are just so0o0 evils ometimes  sigh...i miss you dhivya!!!
Sister's birthday today..&amp; she's in New York. I misss her 
time to say good byeeeeeeeee 
Time to say you good bye 
time to sell my kiteboarding gear... 
Time to shower &amp; head out to work  lol
time to shower...this weather is making it impossible to look/feel good. 
Time to sleep , my eyes are burning inside  ... i have to weak up @6:00 AM
Time to sleep now, up in 6hour which im not lookin 4ward to 
time to sleep... . I want to go back to england  ... wonderful time..
Time to sleep... Ok I already missed my bed time  good night world
Time to sleep... Sadly the man I want to have in my bed right now, isn't anywhere near here!  No fun for me!
Time to start all over on the video again!      Jesus Give me patience :p haha
Time to start getting ready for work. But I don't wanna 
Time to start my history project ugh.. i really dont wanna do this 
Time to start packing, Mooseman HalfIron tomorrow  http://tr.im/nE4a Water is due to be cold. My body does not react well to cold h2o 
time to start preparing for another engineering exam on 17th...it sucks   
Time to start revising, but the headache isn't helping me to get in the mood 
Time to start studying 
SISTUUURRRRRR i havent talked to u in ages  &lt;/3 i miss u
Site is still down  but will be up by at least 5:00pm GMT Time!
site temporarily down!  working on getting it back up.
Site visitors can only process 3-6 elements of your site at a time. Thus, designs should be simplified.  that's how we got this web2.0 
site-ul EMAG merge din parti si nitel din mijloc pe Firefox...  fail!
Sitin In Matthew's. He Stole My Phone. Bitch 
siting here. at my sisters. no phone. no friends. i cant talk to daniel  it blows uggghhh
sitn on dec njoyn Lehi Vly mountn vews.  Misng my baby grl &amp; wishn her dad wasnt such an ass   wont tlk 2 her till mon nyt now .........
Sittiin in cars all day is boring 
Sittin @ the doctors office  
sittin' @ the stunt Police DP stunt show...sooo...stuntful damn ready to ROCK? yes i am! but my cam does unfotunately not working  no picz
Sittin around here bored bout to get me a dip of cope lc drinkin the dew! bed soon i tired 
sittin around not doing much... kind of bored 
sittin around the house being bored 
Sittin at a ball game drinkin homemade sweet tea like my Memphis peeps make...ahh do i need 2 get bk home-miss my Mami's cookin 
sittin at Alltel...what could be worse on a Friday night 
Sittin at basketball practice. I'd be out there if it wasn't for this ACL. 
Sittin at da crib n da dark bored, no 1 home but me. What's there 2 do 2 nite besides hittin up downtown lol. 
sittin at home all alone! wow... this is werid 
sittin at home bored 
Sittin at home lookin after my Sister   Had a great day out. Woke up at 1 (it was super sunny) had lunch then went out. Got sunburnt :S
sittin at home. went out...now im back.....and guys kinda suck 
so so close to summer.. but so sad that photo is over!  what a year. listening to @jonasbrothers new CD wooo!
So SO gutted... I can't find a talk I gave on the Tabernacle a while back, I need it for this Saturday 
So so hot, football was not a good idea while stil wearing a giant beanie 
so so sad.... I need more twitter followers...... im a loner....  hahahahahahahaha
so so so bored 
so so so ill today shivering and shitmy body hurtd 
so so so sick  I hate mono
so so so sleepy!!!  happy Monday.  three day weekend ahead. please no aftershocks today 
So so so so bored, 
so so so so sleepy... even slept through matts call 
So so so so so bored. I miss you. 
So so so tired  i feel like im dying or something. Getting ready nd off to work. Ugh
So so so tired...couldnt wake up...last day of revision..exam tomorrow. Kill me now so i dont see my poor results in august 
So so soooooo sleepy.. On my way to the airport.. And I'm hungry 
so so sore. feels as though have been pummelled all over. but why?? i demand a reasonable explanation!!! 
so so tired 
So so tired! Drinking chai latte then I'll be off to sleep. I wanna go home already 
So so tired!!!! I just want a nap 
so so tired. giving up on the idea of gilmore girls after an hour long heart to heart with my dad. i miss him when he goes away 
so sober  and tired why wont some1 call me already :/
So somehow I've been drinking since 2pm and I'm not drunk.  good time with singing and playing. Then hanging with my temp bachelor friend.
so someone is suka-ing in the bathroom...but im really just sad its probably the last time someone will suka in this bathroom. 
so someone tell me how bad it is to be studying for a final last minute!  boooo to me.
So someones been using my twitter.... i havent posted a &quot;tweet&quot; for months and there some pretty interesting stuff going on here...    
So soon - Friday. Partaaaay. Shame about alice not being able to come 
So sore  Had a real workout today. A little tired but work still has to be done. Ily twitterbugs
So sore after Six Flags, didn't wake up in time for lunch with the buds 
so sore again 
so sore and tired and bored ugh 
So sore from prom, my knees are so swollen 
So sore today. Haven't heard from anyone today  I feel lonley. Heh or is that boredum? Anywhoo what's eveyone up to?
SO SORRY  ........ i dont mean like that!!!!
so sorry &amp; Angry for the peolpe of the country and cities of IRAN 
time to start thinking about going to work tonight  so not ready for my 6 day work weeks to start
time to stop pretending that im not registered for a summer school course... 
Time To Study  Exams Coming Up, Stevens Party Last Night Was Really Good !  Sponsers For The Race For Life?  x
Time to study  more coffee soon 
time to study for maths test, do elective history and english. 
Time to take more Osmoprep for my colonoscopy 
Time to trek out into the rain 
time to wake up! had the worst dream last night 
Time to wander up to the football, last home game 
Time to watch another #Flashpoint episode. Soon another season finale I'll have to deal with 
time to watch another movie to get it out of my head - I keep seeing that old woman everywhere! lol... 
time to work now... 
time to work on my sex paper 
time to work out, if the kids get up in time maybe church again, then lunch with friends... &quot;my throat is on fire&quot; too... 
Time to work!!!! But I feel dreadful 
time to write paper again 
Time Warner cable is down again 3rd time since Memorial Day bummer!
Sittin at the mall with erin and jordan. Dont wanna run out in the rain 
sittin at UWG missin my baby 
Sittin at v &amp; Kelly house kinda bored v in shower &amp; Kellys outside on phone 
Sittin at work sippin some coffee watching the riots in Iraq on tv 
Sittin here ...doin nothing! 
sittin here at the doctors office damm it looks like imma be here all day aww poor me 
sittin here awake!!! and i have to work in the morning!!! i hope i didnt piss u off babe 
sittin here being bored nuthing really going on today as alwayz 
sittin here n just got off work... ugh have to work 8 hours tomorrow again n 6 sunday 
Sittin here on the bus, on Highway 101, thankful for technology, esp Sidekick's, cause I got a long way to go... 
Sittin Here Watchin My Sisters Get Ready To Have Fun 
sittin here..havent been on in a koo minute...  i miss all my twitterz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sittin home all by my lonesome 
sittin in 309 soc inequalities....dreading the end of July.... 
Sittin in a parking lot listenin to Drake.;-) I am hungry and have a headache! 
Sittin in bed, watchin tv. i need to go to walmart!! its gunna be a boring day 
Sittin in chillis by myself  Wish I had a mexican to sit wit me speak sweet Spanish nothings in my ear..
Sittin in class w. Laron he's cracking on my phone  lol but um yeah doing work finally on time yay me
Sittin in Focus training ... 
Sittin in memphis waiting for flight to LR No sign of jt  and danny gokeys in nashville! So close but not quite Hopin for a celeb sighting
Sittin in my car in the guest parking lot of Pantego Bible church. Waiting for Paul. I hate walking into new churches alone 
Sittin in skool almost time to go then work  save me plz!!!!
Sittin in tha car on my way to dads. 
Sittin in the back of big red with brett and tristan, Alexy just left...i miss her 
time, will you please go extremely slow today? 
Timee To Tidy Up Then 
Time-Lapse Video of Massive Change on Earth  http://tinyurl.com/km657o  (via @michaelqtodd) &lt;&lt;&lt;Scary, pls treat Earth well! 
Timeline meeting in 6 mins. 
timer goes off. And of course I passed out putting the baby back to sleep. This morning I woke up to condensed milk instead of yogurt 
Times like this when relying on webmail (gmail) sucks.. NEED access 
Time's running fast. Better do something or I'll regret not doing anything productive today. 
timetable is packed with activities. whole body's aching. signs of old age! 
Tim's married 
Tim's teaching me to dive a stick... My hair smells like burning clutch...  oops
ting tings= shit  x
ting you don't think i'm sexy? 
Tink! *goes back to bed* 
Tink! Awwwww CRAP!!!  i'm up! I'm up! Good morning!
TINK! Seriously @Jordanknight ? You tinked at 3:30am??? And played games?! DAMN!! I missed it! 
TinK!!   having to go to work sucks!
TINK? OH no not yet...  concert was just great, need some more sweet dreams though
tiny adorable kittens at the vide grenier climbed all over me, but i couldn't take them home! 
Tiny crack on iPhone screen + intense heat/sun has caused slight discolouration on the LCD behind the glass 
Tiny daggers keep getting thrust into my heart - well I was the dumbass who decided to put myself in their path - BUT OWWW damn it!! 
Tiny laptop just arrived. Parental departure  will be followed by playtime \o/
Tiny Twitter and pictures isn't really working... 
TinyTwitter did fail me on Blackberry today. Kept throwing logon errors and unable to Tweet  need to check software
sittin in the library/walking around.... its raining out  shitty pickles
Sittin n a room FULL of screaming 2nd graders.....help 
Sittin n empty school prkg lot  Where r all the peeps? Am I late so often that I must b lied to and told it starts a half hour b4 it did?
Sittin on a bus &amp;&amp; have bn for the last 5 HOURS wow! Im sleepy thoo  xxx
Sittin on the front porch thinking 
sittin under the hot ass dryer .... my flippin ears are on fire 
sittin under this blasted dryer ..and im only on the deep conditioning part  http://myloc.me/4LgW
Sittin@nashville hospital waitin for grand daddy to get out of surgery! Think its fixing2storm  ready to get home2my love!  AJ{03*06*10}LH
sitting -- feet are in pain  from concert..but it was worth it
Sitting @ a bar listening to a live band. There good but they are only playing eighties songs. 
Sitting @ breakfast with my family. Not looking forward to the next two days 
sitting @ computer thinking about what pearls of wisdom i can impart on the great Twitter public...... mind has gone a blank! 
Sitting @ work coloring pictures until movies are over. BORED! Dont wanna be here for the rest of the day 
Sitting a bar smoking a stoagie and having the day's first beer...alone 
sitting a home, raining outside  nevermind always got me game to fall back on.
Sitting all alone in my empty dorm room. Goring home tomorrow!! So excited, but gonna miss everyone 
sitting all alone with no 1 to hug!!! 
sitting alone at the new home. I hate moving. I miss my grandma already 
Sitting alone packing bags.  sad
sitting amongst all my holiday stuff not knowing what to pack and what not too! 
sitting and missing someone alot. 
Sitting and tweeting and waiting for 3rd cuppa joe as I look out and find that the sun is actually  not shining again 4 the umpteenth day 
Sitting and waiting very impatiently at the Hair Salon. When will I learn to stop coming to the salon hungry? 
Sitting around for twenty minutes 
Sitting around the house bored out of my mind  on this hottt... beautiful day. 
sitting around the house trying avoid the 102 degrees of hell that is outside! Ah texas 
Sitting around with the family at the beach house.....sad i only got 2 more days at hb! 
sitting around....its soo hot in my room it sucks so of course i cannot fall asleep 
Sitting at a graduation right now. Man this is boring 
Sitting at a red light blagh on my way to work 
sitting at applebees waiting on a plain ass dinner- bc im too sick to eat anything else, dammit! 
Sitting at aylas trying to find something to do tonight. im sick of flakey people  srsly hurts my feelings 
Sitting at citywalk and the movie film burned. 
sitting at home 
sitting at home - alone and a little bored. Not looking forward to the start of another week and more german classes 
Sitting at home alone again 
sitting at home bored ,,, hello the web has got boring for me 
sitting at home bored thinking of him 
sitting at home cuz my plans for tonight cancled  but they are on for tomo so that makes me happy  ctc or txt me!
Sitting at home doing laundry.. 
sitting at home doing nothing how shit i need a holidaY SO BAD 
Sitting at home enjoying the peace and tranquility of  Youth day... Pity my daughter is not well 
sitting at home feeling sorry for myself in a red plaster cast, missed the aftershow party and everything! 
so sorry for the ten-million-years-late-reply 
So Sorry Susan Boyle came in SECOND! 
So sorry the site is still down everyone. We're waiting for our genius Admin, Snake to get back from his trip to fix it. 
So sorry to hear about Air France plane 
so sorry to hear about Air France... 
so sorry to hear about Jon and Kate (plus 8) 
So sorry to hear the bad news @makeitseven    We here in Southern Ontario appreciate your hard work and dedication...please don't give up!
so sory for not blogging! power has been out since 10:30 came on for 10 min at 4:30 and out till now!!! 
So starving, haven't had my dinner. Work was crazy and I didn't get chance to eat 
So strange consuming internet content when it's not social.Dead end.Just heard good song,wanted more.But it was orphan song  end of road.
So strange...living in the new house....I should treat it like a vacation but well never go home 
so stress 
So Stressed 
So stressed ! I hope I'll get a subject that I can actually talk about...or the examiner is going to eat me alive 
So stressed about last exam.. 
SO STRESSED OUT .... 
So stressed out I may throw up. 
so stressed with homework, especially with the bloody math test 
so stressed! 
so stressed!! 
So stressed. 
So stressed. I barely tweeted today 
so stressed... i thought i just liked music but &quot;it&quot; doesnt understand. &quot;it&quot; makes me feel suck n lonely... 
so stressing 
So sunburnt, not going to be able to sleep comfortably. 
so sunny! but stuck in the studio again....  where's the justiceeee? xx
so sunny, i want to go somehwre but no one wants to go with me 
So super sad tonight.  My friend Mandy's mom passed away way too soon, She was like a mom to me 
So tempted to play hookey but can't  Making dough wins.
So tempted... 
so tense..so emotional...so not me..  
so tension working at here,wanna change working place. 
So Terry and Michelle are gone.      I guess it's time to teach Bender to speak English.
So Tevez is definitely not staying  ... oh well...
Tip of the day: do your best not to start the day w/ a fight &amp; leave mad; makes for a crappy day, esp when other blows off apology. 
Tip of the hat to Starbucks, for caffeinating me into productive code-a-thons. Wag of the finger to me, for now being so dependent. 
Tip: don't leave a box of Krispy Kremes near your cat- if it's senile it may just get them confused for a litter box and wee on them. 
tip: if u fuck ur back up real bad at work, dont go 2 a gig 2.5hr drive away as u'll end up smashin the car.  woops 
Tip: never sneeze whlile munching on a tim tam 
Tips for successful revision please! Exams in two days 
Tips for the Beginner &quot;Golfer Lady&quot; (Golfer Lady?!)...I wish I was better at golf     http://bit.ly/Rb84P
tired  and HAPPY  i finished my LAT homework..now i gotta practice my science presentation.. and..then of course Bosnian homework again..
tired  and its only noon booo !
tired  but i cant miss lost.... coffeeeeeeeeeee!  xo
Tired  dont wanna go to school and class. I wish it was june 30 alreadyyyyyyyy
Tired  good night.
tired  goodnight ! (L)
tired  I have to jump on train to 125th then catch the bus to the airport  next time I'm bringing my car up here.
tired  i need a regular 9-5
tired  I'm going to go study... after i take a lonnnngggg nap.
tired  just woke up.
tired  lol need to seleep
TiRed  looong day
Tired  need a massage
Tired  Some stupid noisey thing out side woke me up sounded like there was 50  aeroplanes taking off  (N)
tired ! just got scolding from a dear friend  
tired &amp; hungover  gonna be such a boring day 
sitting at home on a beautiful summer day.  
sitting at home on a saturday night. 
sitting at home on my own  parents are in Australia!
Sitting at home procrastinating... I don't wanna clean, and I still feel like crap from last night  I wanna see Lee...
Sitting at home sick! 
Sitting at home sippin on nattie ice....Mmmmmm....Lol could b sober  good day thou pretty content
sitting at home the whole morning  but i'll go for a walk with my best friend and her dogs later 
sitting at home waiting for my hubby to get home before I have to go to work 
sitting at home watching cheaters    and waiting on chris to call
sitting at home watching tv.  soo bored...
sitting at home wishing he was well enough to go ride a bike 
Sitting at home wishing my surgery was over and done with. I hate being in pain! 
sitting at home with a cold 
Sitting at Home working ! 
Sitting at home working on homework. I wish grad school would be over soon. Only a year and a half to go. 
sitting at home, missing out on the senior party 
sitting at home, watching tv all day long 
sitting at home, wishing I was with him .. this is difficult 
sitting at home. I really miss my baby 
sitting at home.. trying to figure out twitter... missing Chad 
Sitting at home...borrreedddd &amp;&amp; sick 
Sitting at Honda watching @lakers coverage on fox and reading on the kindle.  These seats are hardly comfy 
sitting at my bro's graduation starving!  they need to start....
sitting at my desk and wishing I was at home with hubster!! 
Sitting at my desk not knowing where to start...my throat hurts  so I'll be off the phone today.
Sitting at my nannie's with a headach. Oh and my mom's car died today 
Sitting at my parents' house with a fractured foot.. Ouchhh 
Sitting at parish council 
sitting at south waiting for drivers ed. for an hour.  text me &amp; make it better
sitting at subway expo for dinner because we need to wait for 45mins if we're having dinner at lerk thai  i want tomyam!
Sitting at the airport... Saying good bye to the tias 
Tired . . . just got home from work  , takin a quick shower then OUT . . . don't bother me -_-
Tired ... I need to do something but I don't know what  I wish I had finnished my liguistic paper ... I still have other stuffs to work on
Tired after a long high heels day at work 
tired after a pretty good weekend and now on a crash diet to fit into my ball dress properly  oh well lol
Tired all week, then can't really sleep due to being restless, now tired again.  Shower, work, then golf and a relaxing weekend ahead!
tired already and it's only monday 
tired already...maybe I'm still a little bit sick 
tired and all i want to do is play random songs on my gitwar but i have to do my drama essay. 
Tired and bored wanting company.. 
Tired And Can't Fall Asleep, Can't Stop Thinking About My Dad! 
tired and cold.  need a hot water bottle to warm me up!!
Tired and doesn't want to go to work later on ughhhhh 
Tired and dont feel well 
tired and fed up this eveing,  off to bed 
Tired and feeling feverish 
Tired and feeling sick  gonna eat hot soup all day and nap.
Tired and giving plasma. Busy weekends suck 
tired and going to bed soon! Going to eat some chili first tho. I am sick and my appetite has been crappy all day! 
Tired and ill and weighed down by an essay 
Tired and its only 9:00...have to make until 6:00 
Tired and my head hurts... 
tired and not feeling the best!  going to work at 4 then who knows!
tired and possibly gonna be a lil hung over tomoz  had fun good night out thankyou luke/jay
tired and ready for a nap but i gotta study b4 class tonight. 
Tired and sore today from the weekend, and sadly headachey again  . Must be the air in the office.
Tired and sore.  Bummed that the wedding fun is over 
tired and sticky.. 
tired and sunburned from spending the day at the colonial... plus bummed about being at work 
Tired and throat hurts I hope I'm not getting sick!! 
tired and ugly  why some bloggers can't be original?  that's really horrible..black list is coming soon.
Tired and with blisters on my feet  going to sleep now, good night!
So that long weekend, which supposedly caused the low voter turnout in Mumbai.. Umm, I didn't have that  Worked yesterday, working today -
So that was like an awsome show. I wish i had a gibson guitar. 
so that you do not know that I exist 
So thats if for Silverstone then, no more British GP there or will it? Goodbye Silverstone  
so thats it then, going out with a bang said Jon???? 
So that's what 3 and a half hours sleep  urghhhh  *dies* (N)  
So the A/C company can't come until tomorrow. It's &quot;only&quot; 83 inside now with all the fans on so I wonder just how hot it will get?  #fb
so the boot is a fail 
so the boy dissapointed me and we're not going to d.c. 
So the bugs in animal crossing that appear in your house when you're gone are real, only they don't poof when you squish them 
so the casting for the Avatar movie makes me want to kill myself 
So the ClipCritics made a video response to my impressions video   But its on private, I heard their video got flagged 
so the clown suits were a waste of money... but a good night anyway  except im fucking broke 
so the eyedrops aren't helping the pain in my Left eye!  it's so irritating!
so the firework show lasted only 8 min.  thanks a lot Gaylord Texan. now going to bed.
So the girl who does my hair is my stepsisters stepmom so she just did everything for free, color, blowout and I feel bad 
So the good news is that days &amp; days of grueling torture paid off~100 on Beowulf test...now reading Sir Gawain &amp; the Green Knight...ugh 
So the gummint wants to tax my land line to pay for a broadband service that's slower than what we have, and use bbc licence for itv? ugh 
so The Hills is fake? 
So the hubby found out his mom has diabetes now.  feels like that bothered him more then my thyroid problem. Thats Fucked up! 
Tired as balls. I caught a snake in the water. Bad idea... It musked me. So i smell like rotten eggs... 
Tired as f**k and just now getting to bed. Gotta be at work at 10 and I already know its going to be hard to get up  night
tired as feck ppl. dino y. readin some emails and then gettin food en then doin some french en chemistry.  exams suck.
tired as fuck and sick 
tired as fuck. it's pissing down with rain. i miss summer 
TIRED AS HELL &amp; taking care of a hyper as fuck 4 yr old.  but thank you @michaelianblack for your updates. made my day better.
Tired as hell ... Haven't slept for 3 nights   But I'm still going to the gym  LOL
Tired as hell from the long weekend. EVS tracks selected for this week, and still cant find a new place to live 
Tired as hell! Time to get up now!! 
Tired as hell..barely made it to my gate..bye bye LA.. 
tired as iunno what  ... too lazy to go to bed   breaking dawn?
tired as. stressing out, essay due in 5 days not even half way through..  I know indian Bahi means brother, a way of respecting a guy. lol
Tired at work with headache  7 more hours to go...oh and getting up at 530 am tommorrow...good times
tired bored  lonely 
Tired but at work... What can I say. Missing the wife right now 
tired but cant sleep boooo 
tired but can't sleep.  too much work to do, cant wait to travel in 2 weeks
tired but can't sleep... covered in mosquito bites 
tired but I can't get to sleep 
tired but I made it to work. Now to get nothing accomplished 
tired but not sleepy 
tired but to scared to go to bed i think there a buggys there......ewwww 
TIRED but tonight welcomes me homework  gotta get cracking
tired cant sleep baby feeding at 3:30 
tired cause i just got up sad today is sunday still wishing it was saturday.and dont want to go to school tomorrow.       
Tired day, no wait week end! who bringing me the sadness cuz i go back to france and in a sort of way i don't want to! i'll miss my sis 
tired from babysitting  drivers ed tomorrow ugh call or text
tired from last nite!! got like 4hours sleep  LOL
tired from staying up late to finish Eclipse... i'm a little depressed that i only have one more book left... 
Tired from work. 
tired have to work tomorrow and shit like that im gonna miss carrie while she's gone 
Tired hope chelsea is ok 
Tired hungry apple store 
Tired I start my SECOND job on Wednesday!! Wish me luck 
tired i worked all day  stupid stuck teens and there grad partys. on the pluse side redoing my room EXCITED!
Tired I'm going back to sleep  Iv got work tonite 
Tired myself out. Nap time. Fall asleep 2 the Cubs game &amp; hopefully dream of em winning cause it doesn't look like its gonna happen 2day 
Tired n got a cold   HATES RAIN   xx  tweet tweet x
Tired n' grumpy this morning. I have to get a new phone, the other one broke on Sun 
Tired n hungry.. Not even had breakfast yet . Loveee shopping, but jus wana get this over with! I need my bed   http://myloc.me/2MdY
Tired nap time have a cold 
tired now.  ah well i should have someone to talk to in a few hours ;D
tired of alot of things. 
Tired of bad news 
Tired of being sick all the time - anyone got any sure fire immune boosting ideas?!?! All these colds are wearing me out 
Tired of butcheries and the smell of springbok.  Excited for biltong and droëwors though 
tired of doing my homework's.. so things have to search..  ugh! 
Tired of doing my project  lets cheer up
tired of doing nonsense! sobrang sabaw! 
tired of drama!! had a tough night at my own party 
Tired of everyone fighting. Just be mature adults and suck it up! Gosh. I can be more mature than you. So much for setting an example. 
tired of exams, tired of everything 
Tired of gay drama, its just weird when I couldnt Care less abt tyler or brandon so why are you still here?!  Lol I miss my boyfriend 
Tired of hearing &quot;I don't have relative industry experience&quot; . Unless I find a job in backup software invoicing &amp; licensing I'm fraked! 
Tired of life... 
Tired of saying goodbye....Chicago stole my other half 
Tired of seeing couples everywhere 
Tired of the beach.  
tired of these headaches. please go away!! 
tired of this, 
Tired of traveling and working 
tired of trying and getting nothing back 
tired of wearing pants  pantsless tuesdays can't come fast enough
Tired of work, n all the bullshit 
Tired only slept two hours..  
tired restless... promoting all day for the view lounge 
tired sending my lappy in for repairs 
Tired this morning  Must go to bed earlier...
Tired this morning the kid and I are still feeling like crap I hate it when she's not feeling well I hope it's just a 24 hour thing 
tired this morning!! 
tired tired poorly and tired 
Tired tired tired. When is god ever gonna move in me? Ugh! Happy anniversary jbob! Work tom a.m 
Tired to be sick and cough my lungs out 
Tired today, didn't go for morning run so feel rubbish, and guilty 
Tired today, so tired  hopfully get some more knitting done later when babies are having a nap. Fingers crossed huh!
Tired today. Less than 4 hours sleep last night. 
tired wanting to read the twilight saga eclipse book and twilight saga breaking dawn i have to wait till the sister is done  o well
TIRED!  dont wanna be here anymore!  
tired!! i need sleep!! but i am noto done 
TIRED!!!!!! I JUST WANT TO GO TO SLEEP!!!!!  ZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Tired, and taking a test 
Tired, Annoyed  I Need Cheering Up 
Tired, but can't sleep 
Tired, but can't sleep  !!!
tired, but i cant sleep.. grrrr please help me to sleep! i wish i can sleep &amp; have a wonderful dream 
Tired, but I dont want to go to bed. I think I'm scared again 
Tired, but I hurt. 
Tired, but not tired enough to sleep, for some reason.  Its going to be another long night.  
Tired, Exhausted, don't want to work 
Tired, exhausted................ 
Tired, going to bed. Spending tomorrow in the library studying and doing hw 
Tired, headache-y, and totally not digging tonight. 
tired, headachey, hot, and i miss my boo... 
tired, hot, &amp; dusty-- feeling unsatisfied b/c couldn't meet my small goals for the day. problems erupted whenever and however they could 
Tired, Hungry and headachey  ..... plus for the 1st time under the same roof but no action!
Tired, hungry, disappointed, frustrated, hungry, mannn, it's not crackin over here 
Tired, it's nap time... I'm going to miss Garrett, Kim, Kody, and Amanda 
Tired, its not normal to get up at 7am on a sunday 
Tired, Jus Came In! 1follower  Its Depressin Lol
tired, last day of school today, its so sad! 
tired, loosing my voice 
tired, not feeling so hot. 
Tired, so tired...listening to the Unbelievable Truth. Good times. Nothing to do today, would play golf but the weather is crap 
Tired, sore from the weekend. Shell leaves tomorrow for the rest of the week.  
tired, very tired. and typing phone numbers is no fun.  
Tired, warn out, tired, sore, cranky, tired... Ready for a movie and nap. Ha! I wish 
Tired, work, work &amp; work... 
tired,boring....everything is really great so 
tired,reaaally tired. And I have to clean 
Tired.  Josh was up in the night with growing pains in his legs.  
tired.  tired.  with a slight headache!  
Tired. A little sad 
Tired. And the real work hasn't started yet 
Tired. Cold, and got cramps. 
tired. didn't sleep well last night. everyone else in the house is napping, but i've already had one nap today. 
tired. don't know what to write in the essay tomorrow  
tired. feel like going back to sleep. 
Tired. Gotta let the dog out early in the morning. Yuck. Job training on monday. 
Tired. Hungry. Summer school in the morning. Still single. . . FML. 
Tired. I need some rest! 
Tired. I wanna go home. 
Tired. One more day of work. Tomorrow is the busiest day for our team though 
tired. really truly tired 
Tired. So very tired. 
tired. Spent so long in the city after the signing which we sadly didnt get into  Tomorrow... @vinny_vegas did you get the peanut butter?
tired. still at work.. let me go home now. 
Tired. Stomach hurts. Really want to relax today but have to bake stuff for the benefit instead.   and then work tonight.
Tired. Too much stuff was done and said. Can't hold this much information  haha
Tired. Very tired. STILL haven't been able to speak to my Dad 
Tired. Very tired. Unfortunately I don't want to go to sleep. Maybe I should though. Still sick btw. 
tired. want sleep. have to work. 
Tired. Want to shop but need to save money for next weekend  debating venturing out tonight..hmmm
tired. went to bed at midnight and woke up at 5 and fell back asleep at 6... 
tired.. can't be stuffed to go to school 
tired.. going to bed in an hour and a halfish, still got four more plays to read 
tired.. homework to do  familys coming over later!
TIRED.. Working on Saturday sucks. Working on Sunday is even worse  http://myloc.me/2PKh
tired... bbq finishing at 5:30am has knackered me right out 
tired... can't really get motivated to work... 
Tired... Lame.. We still have alot to do 
Tired... Need to unwind but not alone 
tired... three hours sleep 
tired.......sick of working bank holidays   ............countdown to Ibiza 
tired.....bed then work in the morning 
Tired.....but not aloud to sleep in anymore!!! 
Tired....bleh...i miss my buddy Chad  and Christa ..talked to Christa today...but not Chad..lost his number..boo
TIRED....really dont want to go to work tomorrow! 
tired...and possibly getting sick 
TIRED...as always...HUNGRY...as always...im just everything rite now...i guess im on PMS!  i think thats a bad thing...
Tired...from partyin all nite 
tired...gotta get up early in the morning! 
tired...just got back from the hospital. Kay got stitches 
Tired...lonnggg day 
tired...wish my niece is here now! 
tired..Head pounding.. 
Tired.HUNGRy. and MAD!!!!!! 
tired; Just Got Homee :]   Spent Whole Day w| Mommy&amp;Fam C:                    Homework time 
tiredd  and not looking forward to french tomorroww :-\
tiredd this morning 
tiredd!! bleh, i miss the guys  From Jupiter&lt;3
tiredd; worked all day; knees and feet hurt! i need sleep but i gotta read a chapter of biol 
Tireddd  @ workk
tiredness taking it's effect again... this red bull just ain't doing it today 
tired-ness, sick-ness. 
tireed; just woke up; havee alott of schoool work to do  todaay 
tireedddd. 
tireedddddd, i miss hilton head island &amp; beaufort. marrweeeennies 
Tireeed and cellphoneless today  . No more texting. AHHbooo.
tireeeeeeeed! 
tireeeeeeeeed 
tireeeeeeeeeed 
tiress. why cant i fall asleep. feeling kinda sick. 
Tiring Thursday is back 
Tirreeedddd 
Tirrreeeddd , should probably go to bed now considering I have my biology exam tomorrow  ahh well such is life...night tweets x
'tis 3:08am and TV is very boring 
tis feckin cold and rainy  bring back the sun!! i was just startin to like it!!
Tis the season for wrecking my personal belongings? Both my iPod touch &amp; Fender Stratocaster are in for repairs 
Titan has launched a range of summer packs in the UK.  Story up on DailyDOOH when DailyDOOH itself is up  engineers still working rack
TITANIC AHHHHHH almost over though. Perhaps I won't watch it 
Titanic is so sad. 
titanic makes me cryy 
TiTaNic On TNT...  I Swear I Can watch this Movie a Million Times and Still CRY! 
Titanic so sad...and so fabricated so sad 
titanitc with my best friends. I wish I had some nerds 
tito dudnt ged eny wofwenzdaez 
TITWANK! Just stood on a plug 
Tivoli today, drinking tonight. Missing Tyler, Rachelle and Gandessa 
TK sent me a link to a documentary about punk music.  Too bad I can't watch it right now. 
tks pa 4 &quot;tapauing&quot; croissant tuna knowing dat Ive back-to-back meetings since morning  &amp; Zuraidah tks 4 buying my FAV STARBUCK MOCHA FRAP
Tlkmsel tega bgt! It's been more than 6 hours without GPRS. I'm practically half dead  - http://bkite.com/08E2p
tMeme&gt; My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http://twitpic.com/67hac - My besties. If.. http://twitpic.com/67hac
TMI: I really need to go brush my teeth. Mmm, vomit 
T-minus 31 hours until I move to Oklahoma. 
T-minus 45 min until we have to vacate the premises. My whiteboard stickers are gonna be casualties.  Anyone have extra RB2 stickers?
T-mobil actually gave me my unlock code!!! Can you believe it!!! I just had to tell the that I'm gong to Mexico!!! Which I'm not. 
Tmobile, fuck you and the battery life on ze G1 
Tmrw will be the last day to teach my little kiddos. They were such a great,fun and adorable students of mine. Sad to say good-bye 
TNT has the worst NASCAR coverage ever. I can't believe they even get to do it.I miss you NASCAR on FOX Boogity Boogity Boo hoo 
Tnx for props, cant always see them  vi@abarbosa: &quot;Ooh... aah... Aah... ooh... Precious moments...&quot;&quot; ♫ http://blip.fm/~7dzc4
To a murderer  that makes me sad!
to all my follow friday homies (my bad) worked double shift today  @juicy2009 @SeanP843 @Mcflykick @DarnellWright ...LUV U GUYS &lt;3
to all my friends back in alabama.... i miss you 
To all the D-Tweeps... I was meeting up with pals from New Jersey. I missed out on the 'suga dance party  work for me today, so g'night
Sitting at the beach watching the planes come and go over the gray-blue sea. I wish i was on one, headed far away from here. 
Sitting at the dentisi 
Sitting at the Dentist's, the whole right side of my face is getting numb. Had forgotten how much this sucks! Drill job to follow. 
sitting at the desk, installing a new graphic adapter 
Sitting at the doctors office with 3 preg women! I wish I was in their shoes 
sitting at the gate in o'hare  farewell.
sitting at the Houston airport.  7 hour layover 
sitting at the McCarran Airport in vegas...my flight doesn't leave til 12:40 
Sitting at the piano with steph. Really hungry  inventing next
sitting at the rent's place trying to avoid homework, studying, and the fact that I have an empty apartment again this week. 
Sitting at valley ....my hummer has a boo boo 
Sitting at wishing she was out in the sunshine!!!! 
SITTING AT WORK  
Sitting at work after drinking to much wine last night! What a bad idea!! Im working tomorrow AGAIN!!! No rest for the wicked hay 
sitting at work bored, wish i was home 
Sitting at work for the past 2 hours without power 
Sitting at work hopeing Charlie feels better today. Poor thing has such a nasty ear infection he was pucking all day yesterday 
Sitting at work in the forge 
Sitting at work nothing 
Sitting at work on this gloomy day.  I love rainy weather...just not when I'm not at home 
Sitting at work ready to go.....7:30Am seems so far away 
sitting at work trying to figure out how to get off work so i can go to the june kink/pool party. 
sitting at work waiting on the rain 
Sitting at work wishing I could have ran the Susan G instead 
Sitting at work wishing like hell I could talk to the love of my life! 
sitting at work! ah rather be somewhere else right now. i have another 3 hrs and 45 mins of this!  booo!
sitting at work, but would def rather be playinggg in Georgetown 
sitting at work, thinking about the million other things I'd rather be doing right now!  
Sitting at work, waiting for the Receptionist to get off lunch so I can go to my dental    I hate it!
sitting at work...have nothing to do. 
So the huge bruise underneath my toenail has finally pushed that sucker right off...no big toe nail in the summer looks RETARDED!!!!  
So tHe iPhone is getting the new update and nothing works! It won't turn on!!!  I'm gonna kill someone
So the last 99designs contest was rigged as the contest holder awarded the prize to themselves (after making a designer's ID). Not nice 
So the lump I gotta get cut out is 4.3cm long. 2.2cm deep and 2 cm wide. It's gunna hurt. 
So the makeup girlies and I have a meeting tomorrow EARLY! So no late night gym run  I have to fall asleep before 5AM. Sleeping pills??
So the mexican cowboy was going to buy our weed wacker but he lied  lol
So the most difficult part of taking these supplement pills are that i can only drink water i can eat regularly but only with water 
So the movies are a bust cause I can't fix this damn hair. I guess I will be chilling indoors today.  We'll hit the movies tomorrow.
So the Navy enjoys fucking me and decided to do it again when they canceled my ticket for Saturday and placed it for Monday instead... 
So the night before my soccer games... I stuck sleeping in the most uncomfortable bed ever..  Ill never get to sleep
So the only thing that was wrong with our stupid broken dishwasher.....was that the (fake) light switch was turned off  omfg. hah.
So the people countered us but only went down 4 grand  we countered them back
So the power cable from the PSU to the Mobo is fried. I found 2 of the pins were black. Great. 
So the power outage is over but it totally ruined my day! I need electricity to run the oxy for my torch 
So the running thing was such a lie. never happened lol. i wish i were more of a morning person 
So the server I host all my sites finally shut down.... looks like I'll be looking for a new host over the weekend!!! 
so the sky just opened up...no one was expecting that. and I'm wearing cloth shoes. 
So the sun is shining on the righteous again this morning.  Oh how I love commuting.  It makes work so much more enjoyable 
so the sun was out briefly this afternoon, and then some friggin' dark clouds just rolled in....great! 
so the weather man was right. Not going to Allotment,rained off,  so Ironing to do, not done for 2 weeks  and rather a pile built up!
so there I was right... about to just tear it up when all of a sudden I woke up and the puppy petting festival was gone...  rofl
So there I was, dancing to The Maine when I trip over my own feet. Hello bloody lip, and swollen ankle. 
To all traveling Silverado trail in Napa this weekend just got speeding tkt  (... Read More: http://is.gd/OQfG
To all who might try to reach me: My phone has decided to take vacay. Stopped working late last night. I feel naked without it. 
To anyone going to makeup and margaritas.. I am so sorry, I'm not going to make it  accidentally slept in  #gnoDC @blairdc @amandasena
To austin 
to bad I had to make it myself.  
To bad i worked tell 10 tonight i wanted to party in tacoma  @amberhamilton @julieannaj @tjlibra Have a drink for meeee!!! &lt;3
to bad... not the good night sleep i wished for 
To be a carrot or a lobster?  Right now my skin has chosen lobster 
To be honest hip hop is dead to me 80% of everything out is not hip hop but they wanna us to belive it is. I miss the early and mid 90s. 
To be honest i couldnt give a flying fuck-a-roo who wins britains got talent. Had a nice day,pissed off now tho  FUCKS SAAAAAAKE!!!
to be honest i dont wanna go.. im sorry 
to be honest, i don't know what i'm doing anymore. 
To be honest, i havent missed the computer at all! I love it here! Last day tomorrow. I dont want it to end yet 
To be honest, the cancellation of Primeval took me by surprise. 
To be ill is so boring  !!!! Want to go to work tomorrow 
to bed at last...little cleaning tonight done due to our obsession with Fringe! Caught up on episodes now so have no excuse for tomorrow 
To bed early to prepare for a day of writing papers tomorrow. 
To bed I go. Didn't get as much reading done as I'd hoped today.  Catchup tomorrow.
to bed i go. my new fave song is holy water by big and rich (i know its country but they're good) it so goes with me.... 
Sitting behind a few Japanese tourists as people stumble through spelling &quot;Wakamatsu&quot; on the jumbo-tron. ...Face:palm... 
Sitting bored because without xbox live, I can't play ffxi 
Sitting bored in my house 
sitting bored in school. it just got to dark out all of a sudden  pleasee no rain!!
sitting bored on the computer 
Sitting by the water watching the kids play. Heading 2 recital tonight. Heather, Im sorry we have 2 miss the party! 
Sitting chilling, not feeling very well 
Sitting down 2 eat hot dots, cheese and bread.  So much for this mornings run 
Sitting down after studying hard for spanish exams!  Ug ... I gotta hold on .. 1 more to go
sitting down to the week's overspill of beeb work on a beautiful sunny afternoon. bah humbug 
Sitting down to watch Benjamin Button wanted to also rent the Reader but it was out 
Sitting drinking Guinness in the hostel bar (with their 96 decibel sound system) Would have vastly preferred the 80s bar though 
Sitting feeling  bad my baby got hurt tonight  
sitting have a few drinks with my mum after a stressful and strange week 
Sitting having lunch. This day has been soo long 
Sitting here all by my self 
sitting here at House of Video. Going to watch a new horror film Zombie Farm. This rain sucks. Want to be home sleeping. 
Sitting here at work waiting for this visit  would like to go home and sleep off this sickness
sitting here awake  back to bart again in like 2 hrs fml fo reeeeeal
To bed I said ... I hate Monday mornings and that's what I'm facing in a few hours 
To bed, to bed... restless AND tired at the same time... the air is very close in here tonight. Tomorrow i work ~ 
To buy a movie or not to buy a movie. I have netflix... But i want to buy this, too. Dilemma. 
to buy or not to buy the iPhone 3G S... It's £440 on PAYG :-/. I only paid £340 6 months ago for this one! 
To Caitlyn. . . Lol i'm at a party with like literally a zilli ppl. One trailer. I had to find a corner. 
To Canada! God it's early... 
To CFA friends: Check grades in CRS module to see (tentative?) results. I didn't get my majors/section.  Oh god.
to Chicago... but why isn't my ride calling me back? 
to clarify, i do not own the straightener. this was the blowdryer.  anyway, back to quest then mani/pedi, tanning, what else is in store!?
to com frio pra varia ¬¬ i hate you meat scone because I still  thinkin in you 
to com sono   hahahahaha acabei de fazer meu twitter super maroto. beeeijo
to com sono.... 
To create is to destroy? Apparently yes. Keri Smith ( http://is.gd/RzCp ) got it right: http://is.gd/Rzt7 So sad in real life, though... 
To denise.. Well.. This sucks  haha stupid space cakes makes my tummy feel weird..
To do it after half term like my musc and other maths test 
To Do: Register for London classes, edit articles, call China publishers, wish dad and Jason happy birthdays, make my wisdom teeth appt. 
To Dublin or not to Dublin... 
to end the night 
To every diabetic out there, do you also find it hard to sleep??? Its now 6:37am. 
To everyone concerned - Stop tweeting about alive/dead/updates from source.. ??? ?????????? ?????? ??????? ?????? - ??????????? ????? 
Sitting here bored at the computer. Real sleepy. Not feeling well 
Sitting here bored out of my mind in grad class 
Sitting here in Dallas waiting on my flight back to the Queen City. Do you believe I have to go to work when I get back? Damn. 
sitting here in my grandma's wake  she died like last tuesday,sooo sad . but, I definitely want her humungous mansion!  sooo mean :|
Sitting here in Plankstadt ... its soooooooo far away from civilisation 
sitting here in the boat on the river without gas... STRANDED!!! 
Sitting here in this shit hole (work)....why do i do it. 
Sitting here makes me nervous for the next 2 years.. 
Sitting here not knowing what to do! What a boring dragging night 
Sitting here on a Friday because I have an assignment due for online class. 
Sitting here on the computer bored. Oh, and thinking/dreading that science test tomorrow at school 
SITTING HERE ON THE COMPUTER CRYING  *cry cry*
sitting here on the computer looking at bbpmeet and listening to yahoo. knowing i should be sleep. im definetly going to work tomorrow. 
Sitting here on the computer wishing I had the money for NKOTB's show tomorrow night 
sitting here staring at my computer does not make the day go very fast 
sitting here stuck in da house cuz of da rain! enjoying da new phone tho! i still rly wabt tickets tho! 
Sitting here trying to find something to do..  I'm really bored 
sitting here wallowing in the empty shell that is my life 
Sitting here wanting to talk to my hubby 
sitting here watchn dad and bf fish..its hot  oh and deleted twitterberry 4rm bb too slow!
To find more dragging news about Adam, go tothis time, the address is ryt) http://bit.ly/omGuq  
To fix my iPhone  what a let down
To get through the days I'm going to have to start drinking coffee 
to go or not to go thats the choice i have im really confuesed  i dont no wat 2 do  
to Greensboro. GOSH!! i hate my mom sometimes. 
to hospital or not to hospital? ( i don't think i wanna skip lunch ever again  HATE YOU HYPERACIDITY.
to indo pro shopping 
To jailbreaked device one can add all kinds of fancy gizmos &amp; tweak your device. Downside is that ur device consumes more battery 
to jessica: - jessicaclaire: You’re only a couple of provinces away…  Why not Vancouver?!  i knoow... http://tumblr.com/xhd1z0zuv
To JH: I am sorry I always assume the worst, when I should just try being a friend. 
To lazy to clean 
to lewis - 
To lose this gut lol no seriously i have gained a lil and im not liking how it looks. 
To make my day worse, I got home and was told my grandfather passed away this morning 
To many stalkers! I need to get chainsaw! I tripped 
To many tracks @dbapmyers!! Done recording now I want food   http://yfrog.com/3obbgj
to me :S  but he coudnt be druk on a thursday. ih haate thi, im in love and wont forget aobut him. might go movies with him today if he
to me esqueçendo do twitter  
To meshell. . . Bull shit! That was not nice.  Lol
To much on my mind. Just took a sleeping pill so I can actually sleep tonight 
so there is absolutely nothing to eat in my house, i resorted to even looking for some leftovers. there is nothing. i guess ill starve 
So there singing happy day and I now wanna go home to my leens should of at least brought her 
so there will be no redemption now will there   bye bye SA
So there's these 2 Aviators in the parking lot... One is &quot;silver birch&quot; color and one is &quot;birch&quot;... So I'm why my SUV changed color. Duh. 
so there's this big fight going down back in the PK... wish i were there 
So there's this gay couple who work at my restaurant, and i envy their love for one another&lt;3 
So there's this guy...who's sorta, kinda always on my mind....if only he felt the same way... 
So they are right!!! It is really bad driving while sleepy, just as bad as drinking and driving. Man, being sick and sleepy sucks 
So they are waiting for everyone to get back from lunch to start laying ppl off 
So they have to wait until monday and can't come out late enough that we would be home.  they credited me a month of hbo tho.
So they where in the FC Chat?? We always miss all the fun  Now I have to go to work and going Footloose tonight...
So they won huh? 
So they're calling for some nice rain on Thursday   I hope they're wrong and it changes so I don't have to stand outside in it.
So thirsty 
So thirsty. Papa John's you make fucking awesome pizzas but I get so thirsty afterwards. 
so thirsty... but too lazy to go get something. i only have beer 
So this gardening thing is going to take longer than expected...on the plus side i smell like lavender...i did break a nail however 
So this is it! I'll miss everything  bye bye
so this is kind of gross:  I find attractive people on a website and they're like fifteen. I feel so disgusted with myself 
so this is life... 7 stitches laterrr. 
so this is like my 3rd twitter. they keep messing up on me. 
So this is the awesome weather you've been keeping from me, sleep pattern. Beautiful. Now off to chat with mum from the library, indoors! 
So this is the first evening that the kids are visiting grandma. This is going to be a really long week 
So this is the first weekend in 5 weeks i havnt been with kessi. Im sad. 
so this is the second time in less than a year that i've totaled my car. i really recommend not being anywhere near me when i drive.  
to much paint major headache! I really don't like painting anymore 
to much shit to buy not enough money 
To much thinking is bad 
To much to ask to have a vmware bridge coexist with a wifi-to-ethernet bridge on my PC? I just can't figure out how to make it work 
To much to do, so little time... 
to my LA friends... hard rock bought the virgin space and is turning it into a restaurant/venue. the virgin will close by the end of june 
To my physics professor... you're boring and slow!  yay for day 1.
to read or not to read. I'm trying to enjoy Twilight slowly, but its a good read damnit. I should sleep, I have lots to do tomorrow  boo
To sandra girl u are not the only one, felt the same way this morning 
to see the da vinci code, which totally sucked balls.
to send my magazines home or to give them away... they're so precious 
to sick for my SF trip sorry Adrian  ...
To stressed out to go to sleep  if anyone can give me any tips that would be great!
To sum up today there is heavy cloud and light rain,   they should have filmed twilight here this is constant around here 
To the Commonwealth Club for the opening of the Mozambique Mundo exhibition (via @jonathanfryer) miss not being Com Club member 
sitting here while boyfriend gets his hair cut  i like it long but i guess it gets in his face...hopefully they dont cut it too short
sitting here wishing he was mine 
Sitting here wishing my side would stop hurting!!!! 
Sitting here with a hot pad on my neck. 
Sitting here with my baby .. Libby has a fever 101.0  shes fussy
sitting here with my leg propted up...i hurt my knee 
sitting here with my mom  boring
sitting here, doin nothin... shit it's damn hard to stand sitting lonely... 
Sitting here. Just got 3 fillings in my mouth 
Sitting here. My butt is starting to hurt. Lolz. I hate it when I sit too long and it hurts  might head home in an hour.
sitting here.. isn't fun anymore.. 
Sitting home - smoking ciggs - coffee - work tonight 
sitting home alone with nothing to do 
sitting home listening to Rouge Wave because i have no friends and everything stinks right now  blahh
sitting in 1st hour , this is gonna be a longgg day 
sitting in a 12 mile backup because no one can drive in the rain 
sitting in a boring ict class 
Sitting in a corner of my room realizing that I do miss someone  but know things can't go back to the way they were.
Sitting in a dark basement watching tv all by my lonesome! 
Sitting in a dorm room bed. Lonely 
Sitting in a hotel in Cardiff playing on my Blackberry,  I've a couple of beers chilling but it's 2 early still   http://myloc.me/4FEi
Sitting in a room at motel 8 or super 8 waiting for friend to finish smoking :::cough cough I'm getting contact in here :: 
Sitting in a training all day! Ugh so tired  fml!
sitting in a training room at work...learning a project cuz I have too 
To the dentist!  braces suuuuuck (
To the doctor's office 
to the doctor's office late this morning in turn to work late which equals ate my cereal late....  let me go and get some water and tea 
To the end of a historic era: the last Titanic survivor has died at 97. I want to remember this day. 
To the gym in a min.without my halftime banana 
to the hospital now for the blood sugar test. haven't eaten since dinner  after the test let's go eat pizza and lotsa ice creeeam!!!
To the little bastards that scrawled stuff on my windows last night: you are little bastards. Happy Luilack 
to the post office to return my broken digital camera  hope they can fixx it
to the previous yet --&gt; 
to the west coasters...i'm sorry about telling you Danny left before you guys had a chance to watch...i got excited...anyways! sorry 
To this day I don't get why packages get delivered to residences midday.  PEOPLE WORK DURING THE DAY.  (i want my new computer now)  
To those that know me well ... I made coffee today... That is how exhasted I am 
To tired right now... I'm slowly falling asleep behind my computer 
to tired to do an all nighter tonight maybe another time 
to tired to do anything but CV need to be update, email for MOF, docs for ldap dbmail phpldapadmin 
To tom. . . So basically it is also ridonkulous here. No joke. I don't like storms anyway. 
To top off the fact that I'm incredibly tired right now, now I have a tummyache  eating dinner with my brothers was a bad idea 
to vici em lily allen 
To wee or not to wee that is the question! 
to who? um it would be pretty cool if you did come to aussys capital for fun...and i should study for history..yay!! 
Sitting in an empty yearbook room.  attempting to figure this asap out lol
sitting in art class wanting to fall asleep after a long weekend 
sitting in awe that the price to renew my laptops warranty has doubled in a matter of weeks 
Sitting in bed on dis watching the rain fall outside 
Sitting in bed reading Harry potter. Still sad that Ashley and Max got kicked off sytycd 
Sitting in bed watching Russell Brand and missin my Steven!! 
sitting in bed where I will be for the weekend. 
Sitting in bedroom wishing it was a Sunday doss day. But no. It's a Sunday Revision Cramming day 
Sitting in California missing her Big Daddy!!!!   
Sitting in car outside chippie whilst wife joins the queue which is outside the door! I'm not allowed them tho 
Sitting in careers class doing absolutely nothing! Blaaaahhh for school 
Sitting in chem, going over chemical equations 
sitting in church... ugh. And hella tired.  lol.
sitting in class on a saturday morning  have to keep reminding myself that i only 12 more credits left of my masters.hope this is worth it
Sitting in class on a Saturday Morning...YUCK 
Sitting in class right now waiting for this stupid test to be over with 
Sitting in class tempted to stick a pencil in my eye 
sitting in class. and can't go to the goat race 
sitting in class...so tired from a long day of working at orientation. 
sitting in clifftop by myself. everybody went home 
Sitting in dad's garden listening to iPod.  just been the park but discovered were too big go on the seasaw and the climbing frame! 
Sitting in dealership getting best friends dead alternator fixed. Havent finished packing yet. 
Sitting in Denver night court  http://yfrog.com/11xtdfj
Sitting in Denver on way to CA. But not for a vacation... 
sitting in double daves... starving 
to windy to fish here today 
To work 
to work i go..uggg happy to make money sad to go to work 
to.....many.......school.......work 
toad in the hole FTW, although i'm too full now.. no room for dessert 
Toadies on the radio. Went 2 this show in 94 and got kicked out 4 undrage drinking! Only got 2 c Brutal Juice and CIV! 
Toby the red panda, touted as Cutest Animal in the World. Wish I had a pic to show. But Toby is hiding. Daughter disappointed. 
TOCC-B 3-1.  i wish punks would listen to the coach.
Tocino breaks my diet plan! Urrrggghh! it's totally my weakness! 
todaaay was funny. except the fact my blackberry is £110 overdue on its bill. i cant go to kent now!  love the people i met today !
Today (a Saturday) was so nice out, and yet, with a few brief for internetting, I spent most of the day inside working. 
Today (Friday) didn't go too well 
Today .. I'm so horny ... yesteday I lose my boyfriend ... 
Today a down ass day! But my sushibear won't talk to me 
Today aida bought us icecream  She treated us bad  She said if you dont strip you wont get a ice cream.. so wthell. We started to strip!
Today at school tony Took a spray bottle and started spraying me and mackenzie and then steffan grabbed it from him and got us soaked 
Today basically sucked all around. Such a bad,foul mood.  Ugh ugh. At least my BWE boyfriend's CD came today. Yay. &amp; interview tomorrow...
today been playing sims 2 again missing loads of toms calls  and talking about weddings and bridesmaids 
Today could be bron brons could go home  im of course praying for the miracle...Cavs plz step up and help lebron play!!!
today did nothing, I am a lazy ... but then I have to study philosophy and sociology, q boring ..  
so this is what it feels like not having a job... i dont like it  ... partying it up tonight! &lt;3
So this is what it's like to actually have a Saturday off...the sun hides behind the clouds all day 
so this month i'm working over 60 hours per week....  why???  
so this morning found my great german sheperd britney she was almost 10 years old dead on the ground she had a good life 
so this must have been the worst day ever i found out my great aunt died last nite and my dumb ass cousin gets locked up 4 armed robbery 
So this really sucks, but @apleaforandy, @apleaforblake, and @apleaforaaron, I will not see you tomorrow.  superdumbretardedgayfest2009..
So this weekend is gonna be hectic. Barely have any time with my dad for Father's Day! Monday will be one of the saddest days of my life! 
So this wonderful story finally came to an end  please visit the site: http://tinyurl.com/5rj8hu
So ticked off! Ugh i wish he had his cell!  text.
So ticked that my packs to NZ, Turkey &amp; Aus have not arrived 
So ticked that the laptop won't connect to the internet. And the home computer is slower than molasses. This sucks. 
So tied I can hardly move or maybe I am just really sad Monroe left this morning 
So tierd of having nothing to do!! Plus the wife is leaving to Fredericton for the week!! Shitty!! 
so tierd...... just wanna finish my painting already, but no time... 
so tiiiiiiiiiiired 
so tired      need foood :/
so tired    and feeling like a cold is coming on... dammit.
So tired  and ready for Mexico. If we still plan to go
So tired  back to new york. Taking a long nap
so tired  but i have a shitload of music work to do for tomorrow, so doubt i will get to sleep anytime soon 
So Tired  But i have to go to skool... ewwww
So tired  did not plan on being out this late
so tired  going to bed- long day tomorrow! school, rep netball then work leave home at 730 and wont be home till after 930pm
So tired  gone to do some grad stuff !
so tired  goodnight!
So Tired  I Hope I Can Do My Homework This Afternoon !
so tired  i'm confident i can integrate most things again. work is long today, should have gone to sleep instead of reading twilight fic
So tired  It's not even funny
so tired  last real day of school i think lol
So tired  on the way to work
So tired  opening four days a week and closing twice really starts to wear on you
so tired  why can't fridays end at noon
So tired &amp; ready for bed!! Really in the mood for salt &amp; pepper chicken wings &amp; noodles but have no money on me for a Chinese! 
Sitting in front of the heater freeeeezing cold. I'm not going to handle winter too well 
Sitting in front of the monitor refusing to sleep 
Sitting in front of the vanity mirror in my new room for the next six weeks, bored and too far from the city to do anything about it. 
Sitting in graduation. I just want this thing to be over already 
sitting in his bed by myself mad i picked the day it thunders to be last to leave.  i got all the lights on lmao
Sitting in hospital waitingroom and frankly it sux, memories are flooding back 
Sitting in jury duty 
Sitting in my bedroom chilling out listening to 23rd of may tour edits and is getting depressed cause i want to see the girls again  xxx
Sitting in my cantine in collage got 15 mins till lesson starts and my friends aren't in yet. Sitting by myself looking like a loner 
Sitting in my car with the air running petting my kitty car while we wait for her apt at the vet to make sure she's ok.  I hope so.
Sitting in my gazebo looking at the spot when we laid Loco Rio to rest. Damn I miss that dog.........   
Sitting in my hotel roommm! I miss Kellan 
Sitting in my LAST orchestra rehearsal. Last concert tonight. 
sitting in my moms room, being bored....but not wanting to be alone....  
Sitting in my office inturn class really board and sad  I dont get to see my boyfriend till tomorrow 
sitting in my office office paying the bills 
sitting in my room doing homework... ugh im so tired of homework 
sitting in my room watching Disney Channel with gause in my mouth and towel wrapped around my head. 
sitting in panera working on homework  ughhhhhhhhhhhhh i HATE school
Sitting in Portland Or. trying to buy a reefer trailer. Not having any luck 
Sitting in rain waiting for bus. Scooter stolen. Car broken. No twitter in china. 
sitting in school  sucks to be me!
Sitting in science 
Sitting in spanish class with @MartheCairns, we are soooo tired! Dying atm. 
Sitting in the airport waiting to board my delayed flight. 
Sitting in the ambulance now on the way to the hospital to check my heart's condition  Hopefully there is nothing wrong with me. I'll let
Sitting in the car trying to get onto Beck Rd. Graduation starts in a half hour and we are stuck in traffic. Rachel is freaking out 
Sitting in the car with Aidan.... he drank my chai again 
Sitting in the cool room but there is a problem Brittney Mason won't leave so it's not super cool yet! 
sitting in the doctors office 
Sitting in the doctors office. Awaiting test results 
Sitting in the drs office...waiting my turn.    why do they make you wait for something you don't even want to do?
Sitting in the ER with Wen.  
Sitting in the front talking with @ccmarks. Life is good...at this very minute. I want 2 watch gossip girl tho. 
Today during passing 2 3rd hour they played Memories Last Forever &amp; all the seniors in the hall started crying 
Today feels like a long one 
Today feels like friday. Too bad its not 
Today feels like Wednesday ... Or Thursday ... Or any other day of the week for that matter. It just doesn't feel like the weekend 
today for the second day in a row i was trying to convince the girl i love to stay with me ...didn't succeed this time 
TODAY FRIDAY: I really hope you will read my messages here and reply to me soon. I could not reach you by phone before you go to work. 
today gonna suck, my eyes keep watering coz i miss him so much 
today gunna be boring stuck at home 
Today had it's ups and downs. My RA ZR crapped out on me so i'm using an old crap phone. 
Today has actually been quite productive for a Sunday but this weekend went way too fast 
today has been a long, tiring, hot, interesting day. bad things, good things. worst of all, my rat Zeus died. 
today has been a smelly fish kinda day 
Today has been hectic. I really should have slept more 
Today has been lousey  I feel like an absolute fuck up. Depressing.
Today has been pretty boring. Sometimes I hate the weekend 
today has been so horrible  I just want to go back :c
Today has been the crappest/most boring day of my life  I'd never thought I'd say this but I want to be at school!
Today has flown by. Which is not good as I have a physics exams tomorrow 
So tired . And i think i'm burnt 
So tired .. moms woke me up 
So tired ... So little time so much work 
so tired -_-... ill go &amp; sleep...so sad it's friday and imgoing to sleep... 
so tired 2day and hungry! 
So tired after lunch 
So tired after nightshift.. Huoh.. 
So tired after work 
So tired all of a sudden. Weird how tiredness just hits you like that 
So tired and achy. Don't feel like going downstairs.  Better not be swine. 
so tired and at work 
so tired and bored at this fam party, but i cant leave bc im moms DD. 
so tired and doesnt want 2 now go 2 work afta a day of teaching 
So tired and frustrated. 
so tired and hung over  damnnn alcohol ahahha
So tired and I don't know why 
so tired and i dont wanna go to work tomorrow 
So tired and in so much pain, really don't want to work all day 
so tired and knowi have to take medicine 
so tired and lazy again  
So tired and not even home yet 
So tired and so hungry. I hate getting lab work done, especially when it requires me to not eat before  Can't .. http://tinyurl.com/qucxy3
So tired and so hungry. I hate getting lab work done, especially when it requires me to not eat before  Can't wait til it's over!
so tired because of all this chilling thing 
so tired but cant sleep 
SO tired but can't sleep 
So tired but can't sleep, and i have tl get up early for work 
So tired but can't sleep, and i have to get up early for work 
so tired but cant sleep, too much pain in my hand  hopefully painkiller will kick in soon...
so tired but have to get ready for school 
so tired but I cant put this book down, wishing I was next to my boyfriend 
so tired but looking forward to some down time...wait still have to go on a business trip  but then its us time!
so tired but most of the house is clean. only sad part is i shampooed the entire house before i realized the machine wasnt working 
so tired but must revise 
so tired but not sleepy  oh well.... watching true blood again  mwahahaha!!!
Sitting in the gator again waiting for the van- i have a sore throat. HOW THRILLING!  :]&lt;33 xoxo&lt;3
Sitting in the Hospital probably have to have surgery not  cool. Pry for me everybody 
Sitting in the library&amp;outside the weather is sooo nice.  The only positiv aspect is that I have to learn family-law.My favourite course.
Sitting in the living room with an IcyHot Patch on my shoulder... ouch 
sitting in the livingroom and talking to my parents... back in bigge 
sitting in the office bored  hence on twitter 
Sitting in the office forced to look at the sunshine from my window  At least I have a window to stare through. Only 2 wks to my run :-&amp;
sitting in the office on my own, all my colleagues have abandoned me 
Sitting in the office, thinking about my cat, I wish I didn't have to give her away 
sitting in the office.. still not sure if i should tell my boss i failed my exams or not.. 
Sitting in the park alone, haha. Locked myself out of my apartment so now I hafta wait for Oriana to call me. 
sitting in the parking lot back from lunch...i dont want to go inside  too perfect out for laying in the pool
sitting in the parking lot-by myself  i miss you baby. couple min til i gotta deal with a bitch. then i'm peacin' out and hitting the gym
sitting in the philly airport, feels more like a shopping mall. too bad i got this pizza before i saw chick-fil-A.  good pizza, tho.
sitting in the restaurante next to my little bro who is soing on my nerves 
Sitting in the school, waiting for yet another show to begin... I'm in the middle of hell week. Except it's 3 weeks long. 
sitting in the studio, the 4am hr is the slowest!! 
today has looked like it's wanted to storm all day, but so far hasn't 
today has me feelin' like crap 
Today has not been successful.... 
today has passed like SO quickly D: wish i was in canada for MMVA 
today i almost broke a record. 20 hours of sleep! but, i FAILED. 
Today I am a F1 widow, being ignored whilst it's on. 
Today I am I'll 
Today i am sad because i am not elgible to adopt a chinese baby 
today i brought my first bikini, ever!!! .... hate it 
Today I can really feel those shots of vodka what was I thinking? Ok I wasn't thinking  Damn you Eric!! lol
Today I coudn't see you 
today I feel bad, don't know why, maybe because of the weather or because I'm bored to death... 
Today I find myself missing the Virgin Megastore 
Today I found a zombie wearing a duck inner tube poor guy didn't have a chance when her was turned to bad I had to kill him 
Today i found coffee on my throusers, but I didn't found gold, yet. 
Today I fucked up my leg while bike riding  gunna go out to sushi maybe I'll feel better
Today I go back to SJM, that makes me sad... I wanna live here 
Today I got given loads more hours at work! Hooray money!! But then got totured at the dentist 
Today I had a taste of rainwater for lunch   My food got all wet at the poorly sheltered  hawker centre at Bedok.
Today I had graduation practice. Damn where have all the years gone? I remember my first day of 6th grade &amp; now I'm leaving 
Today I had to crawl under my table 2 get 2 my chair coz every1 was in the way. I accidentally crawld on a thumbtack. It went into my leg 
Today i have a base ball game today!!!I have one game soon then another later!!!I will be sooooo tired!!!Kylie is not coming to my game 
today i have a big scary test...and i havent studied yet...NOOO!!!...im soo going to fail that test...big time 
so tired cos a storm decided to happen right outside my window as i went to go to sleep 
So tired from #HOBY filled weekend! Work tomorrow 
so tired from a long day! getting ready to go to bed... work all day tomorrow 
So tired from all the crying. Need a nap and a hug 
So tired from my cancer walk  ready for bed!
So tired from my middle of the upset. 
So tired from such a great weekend BUTI'm boooored... &amp;&amp; I miss him! 
so tired from work. I wish I had a long weekend 
so tired i almost hit someone on the way back. sorry, unexpected pedestrian 
So tired I don't want to go to to school. But I have to 
So tired I fell asleep at 8pm, then got woken up &amp; now can't go back to sleep! 
So tired it's scary  Realy productive night sessions lately, though. 41 hours left to delivery :o http://bit.ly/mhbwl
so tired just had my meal of the day, go tback from auditions made it! want it! I'm not going to take it.  
so tired need to keep awake for the next episodes of my favourite show 
so tired of all the complaining going on 
So tired of crying... 
So tired of looking for wholesale beads and not finding what I want! 
so tired of picture books and finding their concept of childhood. wicked needed damn parents banning me from going till exams are over 
So tired of studying and sick.  i don't know if i'm gonna be able to study for much longer.
So tired out from work and the week hasn't even started 
So tired right now 
so tired right now and i have a headache. note to self: getting hammered then going to a loud ass basketball game the next day = bad idea 
so tired still, i want to sleep! 
so tired they shouldnt make us play misa sports after nearly 2 hours of sitting in a test in the hall with the whole grade 
so tired to go to French class 
so tired today been at school the whole day workin hard while other people slack off  been at school from 8am to 6:45 pm.
So tired today.   Don't know how I'm going to make it.
SO tired today. Again. Seems to be a recurring theme lately. 
So tired today. And all these clouds don't help. Off to work night 2 of 3. 
sitting in the sun catching up on my forum news! still cant see the woman spinning the other way! am i missing something!! 
Sitting in the sun with my laptop! Think I'll listento this weeks joypod as I missed it!!  perfect!!
sitting in the sunshine revising maths .... planning not to get any more burnt  ... but havin a BBQ 
Sitting in the tax collectors office.    Getting ready to write a check.
Sitting in the train home. There's quite a lot of anger because of the horrible test in biochemistry today 
Sitting in traffic on our way to the Tappan Zee 
Sitting in traffic on rt 4 west. Not the best use of my time on my birthday 
Sitting in traffic on the Baltimore Washington parkway 
Sitting in traffic trying to get on 205 bridge... And i leave work late to AVOID traffic 
Sitting in traffic while my car gets rained on. Just washed it on Sunday. Doesn't the weather know this is California? 
Sitting in traffic without my ipod 
sitting in work again!  Feels like that's all I ever do ! lmao x
Sitting in work at the computer. soooo bored 
Sitting in work on my day off 
Sitting inside looking longingly at the small squre that is the outside world...it's sunny there. 
Sitting inside, drinking tea, avoiding the rain 
Sitting inside,front row and super low stage,but just been told that we're not allowed to film or take pics 
Sitting lakeside having a Michigan moment.  Two year old is happy Buzz Lightyear loves Mich too.  Mon=jury duty 
sitting n court! wish me luck tweeps! traffic ticket!    Amber O'neal
sitting on a beach reading Eclipse... not a good day i want to be home 
Sitting on a beach with a blanket. No bottle this time 
Sitting on a call listening to Engineers talk about infrastructure build. Could be at home in the beautiful sunshine. 
Sitting on a train. A pretty crowded train actually. 
So tired what is it wif ppl huvering at 9.30 
SO TIRED YAYAY HAYLEY TOMRRWO I JUST WANTA HUG  GAH SO TIED WHY I HAD A GOOD SLEEP?
So Tired! 
So tired!  But, it need to my life. But, but!! I want to relax.Ugh..... I was burned out. Still, should be steady.
So tired!  Don't wanna go to work today @ 3, I'm shattered and I don't know why!  xxx
So tired!  I wish I could go home! Ahhh x
So tired! I had to drive gravel roads to my house to keep from gettin pulled over cuz i was all over the road 
So tired! Just woke up from a nap  I gotta force myself to study now 
so tired! omg, i have panda eyes! I look like a ghost! And so does my friends!! Ahhh!! 
So tired! The last thing i want to do now is finish cleaning my house 
So tired!! Almost missed my train today... and still have to go to work until 8pm 
so tired!! i dont want to study!! 
So tired!! I was up all night with a sick little girl. 
so tired!!! but totally IN LOVE with the drummer and lead singer of HONOR SOCIETY wish i could of stayed for the signing and pictures 
So tired!!! Wish I had Starbucks 
So tired,  1 down 3 more days to go!!
so tired,  just arrived from training , but still wanna watch a movie =D
so tired, and I can not sleep!  
So tired, but suppose I better get up 
so tired, didnt fall asleep till 1, at 2: was woken by movement, 4: the sun, 6: SOMEONE throwing their phone across the room 
so tired, i said up till 3  and woke up at 7 
So tired, its unbelievable but ive STILL got assignments to be working on ! 
So tired, so much to do! I have homework, thinking and shopping...  Oh my...
So tired, tired of waiting, tired of waiting for you... 
So tired, work again tomorrow  I need a break
so tired,, have to finish damn drama,, and then complete my entire maths assignment so i can hand it in tuesday and pass this semester! 
So tired,wanna sleepyyyy...i want to forget sb in my mine although it realy hard but i have no choice. 
So Tired. 
So tired.    i feel pc
so tired.  ugh. summer, please come already!
so tired. 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 sociology chapters done 1 to go. and alot of anthro. 
So tired. almost threw out my back marching. practice then a few hours of sleep. i miss running... 
So tired. And not feeling well. Had an embarassing sick day 
So tired. Can't sleep have really bad heartburn... just will not go away... 
Sitting on kings parade cambridge..lully on your lunch break! Boy I'm gonna miss this 
sitting on my bed extremely bored  cant wait fr hols 
sitting on my bed with pains in my belly 
sitting on my bed. feeling sick 
sitting on my chair and thinking..........................about maths homework 
sitting on my couch...sick 
Sitting on my floor, surrounded by work, handouts, notes and assignments...I feel sufercatted 
Sitting on my swing thinking of my Momma and my Daddy  I miss them so much.      :-} ThReE11FaN :-}
Sitting on the computer bored as. raining still nothing to do 
sitting on the couch lookin out at the rain  thats ireland 4 ya thou!!!!!!
Sitting on the couch with my mom...got a lot on my mind... kind of depressed about something... 
sitting on the couch, updating her twitter just past 4 am--obviously not feeling well at all 
sitting on the couch. gonna work today. missing the beautiful weather 
Sitting out no date  but been put on the spot to join. My pals are awesomeness on directions pro's!
Sitting out of dance. 
sitting outside at fellini's in buckhead, think its about to rain 
today i have to go to the hospital  But!! Tomorrow!! MidSummerFair in &quot;Alphen a/d Rijn&quot; (Netherlands)! Is someone else coming too? 
today i have to study, go to my boring dentist! and do extra time at my english class.. I can't believe it  EVERYBODY PRAY FOR ME, PLEASE
Today I just hung with friends, nothing much. my guitar amp is waaaaay busted. I'm back to school on monday god take my life now!!! 
Today I just miss my husband.  
today i learned about tough love  BUT ITS LOVE!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 AND IT AINT ALL THAT BAD
Today I learned I HATE Sam Adams beer - that stuff is NASTY y'all! 
Today I lost a Rayban.....its a very dark day in the hut 
today i lost my shubuh, dzuhur, ashar. and maybe maghrib, cause i still otw home. oohh forgive me 4JJ 
Today I managed to- break my phone; break my camera; destroy a dress; get a cold [it was like 25 degrees out!] and get a damn cold sore. 
Today I met a 81 yr old man who regaled me with tales of his career in aerospace 45 years ago. But 30 min later he couldn't remember me. 
Today I met a week of dog died....   ...**I miss you **
today i passed up a flea market with &quot;over 75 vendors!!&quot;  i hate being broke and conscious of it
today i realized i am a stalker. also the meaning of my nickname banana nutz 
Today I realized I am too good at hiding things, even I can't find it 
Today I realized that my flight arrives too late for a Sunday WWDC checkin. I won't be anywhere near the front of the keynote line 
today i remembered the day i went with @alexswift18 to the drake bell's concert!! but i cried, because i couldn't go to the meeting! 
Today I slept from 10-6. The most sleep ever and I'm still tired.. 
So tired. Had 2 teach Shilo to play Texas Hold'em on Yahoo...addictive! And I still have to do clothes 4 church n the morning..  
So tired. Had a boring day at work, ochem grades were never posted, and I still have no xbox. 
So tired. I miss taking my daily naps in 1300. 
so tired. i really dont want to go camping tonight.  the things you do for the one you love. hahah
so tired. i want to sleep. got my wee brothers school show tonight. really can't be bothered 
So tired. Its so not fair. I guess I am going to log into World of Warcraft. I still haven't come up with a name for my Dog Boutique. 
So tired. Long day. Going to sleep. Not even a little riled up about Arthur using my Twitter to make me look fat.  Sleeep.
So tired. No money for lunch 
so tired. still..and so cold ..not been warm once since i came back 
So tired. Taylor just left 
So tired. Two jobs today. 
SO TIRED. want to sleep more!   @ work until probably 2:30am. fml.
So tired. Wonder if I can still write. **hides from @denisedahlin**  http://plurk.com/p/115zc8
so tired.. looking forward to tomorrow. minus the schoolwork part. 
So tired.. On my way to work 
So Tired...  &lt;/3
So tired...  keep waking up at 330 for no reason 
So tired... French exam 
So tired...... Latin is sooooooooo BORING!  wish it was over already!
so tired.....and sad...i don't know what's going on  in my mind.....  
so tired....stupid powerpoint 
So tired...3 hours of work left and so much to do...*yawn* I shouldn't have stayed up for most of saturday. Sleep for past 2 days=4 hours 
So tired...I really want to sleep in late but I can't 
So tired..Crazy working hours! I kept falling asleep on the bus today..I have a bump on my head 
So tired.still playing.  dying.its so hot.
so tireed.... cant fall back asleep 
So tires  waiting on whispy and the small brain to arrive
So today I got my endoscopy and colonoscopy done  I know but I was asleep the whole time. They found nothing.
so today i was UP then i was DOWN and i ran all around town! now i'm home and i have so much to do here too 
So today is the day we sign the contracts for our first big project. So that means tonight is my last night with free time 
sitting outside in the sunshine with ice-tea and new a.s. byatt book from the library. They'd lost the Sarah Walters one tho 
Sitting outside listening to LVaTT @dannyXDphantom and matt already took their break so im all alone 
Sitting outside my house waiting for my mom to get home ahh no key. 
sitting outside the sports centre.  I'm too early again 
Sitting poolside reading trashy novels sippin on...water 
sitting studying for my exams  thts all life seems to be about at the moment BUT im finding my way to have sum fun inbetween ;)
Sitting the airport having to finish my coffee before going through security. Early morning- alarm went off at 4:15am 
Sitting the Airport lounge and realized I forgot my power adapter! Doh!! Need to buy another powerbook adapter again 
sitting through pre-press seminar......i' about to fall asleep. 
sitting upset on a Saturday evening 
Sitting waiting for an exam to start 
sitting watching tv , boring normal life. 
sitting with a bag of lollies &amp; chocolates that mum bought me. get braces 30th june. not impressed at all 
Sitting with Amanda. Can't type properly because my finger is taped up cuz of PE yesterday! 
Sitting with Becca &amp; my ''color smashed vagina''. 
Sitting with broken bella. 
sitting with hair dye on. still got another half an hour to wait  x
Sitting with my sick little boyfriend.  literally sick.
today i swam down to the wreckage from flight 447. pushed some stuff around to help the humans pull it out of the water. very sad. 
Today I take Will to swimming @ 10am then go to work for the 7th day straight (poor me).    Hopfully sneek in a poker tourney or 2 in arvo
Today i tried to study at home. I failed 
Today I want to go to London 
today i want: coffee, brunch, a manicure and pedicure.  why must it keep raining, though? 
Today I wanted two things: P.F. Chang's in Memphis and a Target visit. We got lost on 240 trying to get to the Target first. No Chinese. 
today i was informed that i have no family.    anyone know of a cheap 1 or 2 bedroom apt?
Today I went looking for people from Facebook to talk to about CIA project, but I ended up in a big empty building I guess they moved 
today i went shopping and then i smashed my thumb on the door. I am in serious pain because i also have a headache and i am sick.  help me
Today I went to the beach...the sun was good but my body is white 
Today I will be mainly doing the ironing 
Today I woke up in pain 
today i wore hilary's rolling stone t-shirt that she gave me - missing her! 
today id attempt to pack, again 
Today ill go play some 360 because im sick 
today i'm doinig all the time something for school    but i lay in the sun and did my homeworks.....   I &lt;3 summertime
today i'm spending time with family, and tomorrow i'm running around doing errands  so i'm a busy busy BOT!
so today my friend alyssa had to put her dog down today cause her dog was very old  but then when she came back she was crying.
So today turned out terrible.. :/ sleep soon I guess. 
so today was the last day of school. it didn't feel like it. felt like any other day. i'm kinda sad...  oh, btw. YOU JUST LOST THE GAME!(:
So today we have learned that not only does laquer and enamel not mix but apparently laquer and laquer don't mix 
so today, was really an emotional day. i was at a funeral. my Pastor's wife had recently passed away... 
So tonight is soccer night for the hubby (real surprise there) and I can twitter all I want, and of course, tonight twitter seems empty. 
So tonight was alot of fun, good to chill with all my friends, before this next week starts and vocals are recorded  My throats gonna die!
So tonights TV viewing, BGT or HIGNFY and Reggie Perrin? Wont be tweeting however as  MiniC has hidden iPod 
So took a nap and I'm completely sunburnt not good I'm in pain 
So torn right now. Should I go for passion, or security? 
So totally missed Patrick Wolfs Strip tease at Mod last night...we jetted off to the drake after a fewsongs 
So true http://bit.ly/3w8qkn ... although I did gain 2 stone before pregnancy also 
So turns out the 2nd gift I bought my roommate already got that too  but the baby outfits I also bought were a hit!
So Tweetie is pretty cool, but needs moar Growl 
So Twista shot the new vid @ club Atlantis outside Chicago... a strip club that looks like a mf'n castle...I wanna go I miss my 2nd home 
so twitpic is being an asshole and doesn't seem to post what i send from my phone 
so twitter is being dumb and wont let me change my background 
so twitter only keeps my last 2000 posts? Guess I should have backed them up sooner. 
So twitter really hates me. I cannot load my friends timeline. I get a blank white loading screen   How can I follow anyone like this.
So twitter went down last night and I missed it 
Sitting, waiting for the parents to finally come home 
Sitting, waiting, wishing @ the plane on the ground... 
sitting. all alone  2nd time.
sitting.waiting for History class to start.. whishing i was home 
Sitting@ the vets office...waiting to have them look at a broken toe nail. 
sittingg around , just got home , tired ! 
situation is all. my heart aches 
Sit-ups because I didn't run today 
six days to repair my car 
six flags awesome... Sitin in hotel tired and burnt crispy  ouch
Six Flags was so much fun yesterday, despite the warm weather. Omg @ Silvera losing her keys there 
Six Flags was the BEST!!!!! Haha totally gonna miss this place 
Six straight hours of coding. Now time to do some writing. No Andy Griffith tonight to end my day. 
Six words: Screw heat. Screw humidity. Screw Bluford. I didn't even get close to my 8 miles today.  Not very happy with myself now.
sixth form tomorrow booooo! 
sizing chart was wrong - this is too big 
Sjc - uppieless for first time this year 
sjdfklasjfa i just remembered... i forgot about justin chon  AHHHH.
Sjdignyospgnr I need to have surgery  I'm seriously so scared rn (((
Skate2 online. Saddd and lonelyy 
Skated hard tonight...till i fell on my face   Now some Corner Gas and sleeps
skated, tired sweaty, gotta do laundry before a shower 
skee ball!...im not playing this time, i did @ chuck e cheese tho.my arm hurts frm shootin ball ovr there 
Today in germany: elections of the eurpean parlament and some local politicans. --But Im too young!! 
Today in the ICU: Helping Mattie breathe:  http://bit.ly/FxHhD // Our last few ventilator babies have been Frenchies w/palate problems. 
Today is a *very* tired Monday.  Weekend was not good for catching up on sleep as I hoped it would be.  Makes me write in passive voice. 
today is a bad day ...  
TODAY is a BAD DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Help me make it better please 
Today is a bad day. Even Asnawi says so. 
today is a day i'm not really sure what i'm doing..  poo its not raining any more  i like to watch the rains
today is a epic outage day.  Email went down, site went down, and now smtp server went down.  Not good 
Today is a fat day. 
Today is a grumpy day 
Today is a hard day to leave my kids and go to work  #fb
Today is a make-up day I fear  no spots but patchy skin
today is a rainy and windy day! 
Today is a sad day for some, Rip Jenny&amp;Kim 
Today is a sad day.  Our very best dog LUKE is no longer with us.  13 Great years he will be missed 
So twitter will be down later?!?! SAD 
So twitter! The most fucked up thing just happened to me...story later when I have more viewers!! 
So u dnt wanna be my wifey no mo? @luxNLavi 
So uh, setting up my phone to know me again  My old phone knew my typing so well... time to retrain, haha.
So unbearably tired  Want to nap but am waiting on plans and stuff... maybe I can tell people to call and wake me...
So unbeleivably tired...wish I got a big Wednesday ticket  
so unbelievable bored 
so unmotivated... making slamming this yummy lasagna will help 
so unwell today  waiting for the mum to vacate the building... didnt know what vacate meant tbh
so Up 3d is sold out  . but its all good Land of the Lost lis gonna be Awesome!!!
So upset I cant see @NPSH  in Toronto  -cries-
so upset I had to miss @sarahdessen at Borders today   
So upset I missed the Greek picnic. Well not really but it still wouldve been fun 
so upset my paint on my car is gone! stupid rain! 
So upset that Mayweather vs. Marquez fight postponed! I'm already excited to watch it next month. 
so upset with jon and kate  
so upset with myself 
SO upset!     
so used to waking up early, i cant sleep nemore 
So verdict on Prime Wok Noodle - its freakin' Noodler/Obi-san under a different name. And imo, sushi fail 
So very bored 
So very bored, and got a sore throat again!! 
So very bored. 
So very homesick right now... 
So very late for work! Not good 
so very sad atm...falling back on bad habbits 
so very sunburnt. what an idiot. 
So very tired &quot;working 9 to 5 what a way to make a living&quot; not to day it isn't 
So very TIRED!!!!!!!!!!!!  
So very tired. Don't think I'm making it out tonight. 
So very, very sad about Jon &amp; Kate 
So wack that I'm missing my homies farewell bbq!!  shout to Sharema... Good luck in ur new career move...
so want to sleep - but have to have the first pizza run in 45min -  _ Why do kids grow and then work stupid hours and can't drive yet?
so wanted Kate to win the apprentice  x
skewl time  ppl r so fake these days
skin is peeling really bad. 
skins season 2 makes me cry 
skipped lunch because i had to finish my final paper.... almost done though 
SKIPPED SCHOOL TODAY!!!! FUCKIN CAR IS FUCKIN UP NOW! O YA AND IM SO BROKE, I CAN'T PAY MY PHONE BILL TILL NEXT WEEK! 
skipped the drag races tonight  jimmy &amp; i are going to hit the gym. gotta get the old man in shape!
Skipped the gym again today  i really need to get back into going!
Skipping Diana Krall concert at Wolf Trap tonight.  Lawn seats and picnic don't mesh with predicted t-storms.  
Skipping out on dinner with girlfriends family. I'm not feeling too hot. 
Skipping out on taiji today cause my foot is swollen 
skipping out on white trash trailer bash to watch garden state and fall asleep early. my head is pounding. i need a snuggle.. 
skipping sailing this weekend, have some work to do 
skipping school today... this is the first reeal time derek's ever been sick and i'm soo worried 
Skittles needs a total hip replacement and is getting surgery next week.  he is hurting really bad
skool is ova for three weeks and then holidays r ova and skool is back  lets try &amp; make the holidays fun and ill make some youtube vidios
skool tommorow. Only 4 days of school left?  i'll miss ALL my friends.
skool tomorrow  o well at least it should be a laugh
skool was gaay the only guud thing about it is @SunshineeKiid not even alisson made my daay worth while. i missed jess 
skooool   i hope for some reason it is SOOO MUCH fun, and like the best.  hehe
skunk got into the chicken coop last night got one of the chickens   yes  the skunks dead my gosh it smells bad!
Today is a sad day. I threw away my circuit city jordans 
Today is a SHAQTASTIC day except for my gf gettin charged $40 for nothin sorry baby  but hope you have a SHAQTASTIC day at home lol
today is a shite day - no sales 
Today is a stressful day just to try to get things done 
today is a very sad day. My trusty blue Skechers may have to be retired for they are leaking *sobs* I have lived in them for 7 years! 
Today is a very slow day and no one would txt me 
Today is a wonderful exciting day, but I woke up missing Steven and Patrick..I lost 2 (son in law )(friend) amazing guys this past year 
today is a write off   not feeling well... dang
Today is all about troubleshooting, and not about productivity...  
Today is already realllllly shitty and it's only 11 
today is as if I just arrived to Berlin - busy.. This blows that I have to leave tomorrow.. 
today is awesome so far....gym and a massage...but im starving now and theres nothing to eat in my house 
Today is Bad Day Day. 
Today is basically a giant FAIL   At least there's only 10 more days of school.
Today is definitely a bum day! Baggy jeans &amp; a tshirt, locs shake &amp; go! Ugh I hate rushing  like @Ms_Haze said too blessed to be stressed
today is depressing got my mark back for business studies and it's sooo BAD! 
Today is editing day. If I ever get to go on the PC that is  .
Today is first day in school for my son Shlok. Feeling bit nervous 
Today is Free Comic Book Day! http://freecomicbookday.com/ And once again I cannot attend.  Blasted VV, not having any comic shops nearby!
Today is free Orange Julius Smoothie Day! (with coupon).  But i have to work at 4, so i guess i cant go 
Today is going by sooooo slow 
Today is going much slower than yesterday 
Today is going sooo well...except i cant go to kingdom rehearsal...i have to work 
Today is going to be a joke  First day that we have to charge 5 cents for each big.  I am wondering how many times I get screamed at!!!!
Today is going to be a long day. Interviews from 09:30 until 16:00. 
Today is going to be a looonng day 
today is going to be a looooooooong long day 
today is going to be a REALLY long work day 
Today is going to be a very expensive day.   Next.
Today is going to be so boring without my best friend. 
today is going to be sooo sad.  I cnt even imagine how everyone elses reaction is going to be. R.I.P babygirl! 043091-061909
Today is going to be the longest day ever. Laying awake since 330 from one long nightmare  ew.
today is going to be tiring because we went to bed a 4 
Today is going to have to be the day I recover data from my laptop, dead after a power surge in Rissani, thought it was just the charger 
Today is going to suck. I have a wedding to shoot and I'm most definitely sick 
Today is gonna be a long day...and not in a good way 
Today is gonna be long and tiring  i hate projects!
Today is gonna be one of those long days  damn rain
Today is gonna give me bad dreams.  
today is gonna suck..its gonna be amillion degrees outside..  
Today is GORGEOUS  Little bit of a tan on the old arms ;) ah i can dream. History tomorrow though 
today is graduation. i can't believe my sister's leaving me  i'm gonna miss her. i miss @donovanmarie already. and nick. and liz :/ gah...
Today is Grey Day. It's raining. Can't summon the enthusiasm to go sit outside on wet lawn for hours, but still, sad 
so wanting sims 3 ...   anyone knows where to buy and how much it is there???
so warm today  shoulders are burnt though 
So was going to Rocky Horror Picture Show. It sold out. Then went to the Green Iguana, it was lame, couldnt get money back. EPIC FAIL 
So wasteful.  http://mypict.me/2cVQ
So we are basically being forced to move because our neighbor decided to rage against a close friene who's out of state. 
So we are on the way to church! Yay! I'm so hungry. Never got the chance to eat those taquitos and guacamole for breakfast. 
so we are out of the city playoffs but more upset about why things happened the way they did but there is always next year 
So we got the images back for the magazine spread, Woop Woop! Would love to share details but we can't  until the editorial comes out
so we got the results on my knee...no surgery...strained MCL and inflammation of some tendons...bleh...still hurts like a bitch 
so we just got home from the doc office with jordan. we though that he was getting better but he now has bronchitis. 
So we left to get Ghostbusters at 10...it's a midnight opening. Now I feel sicky and tricked 
So we only had 8 people say they wanted kevin to get a twitter account  it's not happening guys...I thought this was a shoe in!
So we postone the photo session because of the weather and now it is a glorious evening  Pleased with my blogging efforts though!
So weak. Baseball lost. From walk-off 2R HR 
So went for a nap earlier at around 5 with the intention of sleeping for half an hour, that's me just woke up now 5 n a half hours later 
So went to lake today.almost died.. And.. I got reaalt brown. But skin hurts.drivin to qeen creek now  hour drive there the hour back
So Were Back To This 
so we're off to fetch the car and fix it. bleh...I don't feel like it at all! but I need it on Wednesday so I guess I have to 
So we're stuck in traffic now n we gotta be there before 8!  But there's a flipside of course, more time with susy! :-D
so wet outside 
So we've been let in now. . . I was about to go home! 
So what am I going to do now? sleep? I'm still tired haven't sleep well last night 
Today Is Intro Day. I will Be Uploading SOOO Much  UGh. I hate Rendering
Today is jus not my day .. I dont feel good at all 
Today is just awful  My Skin was Un-Featured  I am so depressed, I really want to go out and do something fun 
Today is just not my day! 
Today is just not my day. I can't seem to feel any better. If i dont eat, im hungry. If i do eat, i feel like im gonna be sick. Blah 
Today is kicking my ass already. Strep= just wanna curl up in my cave. Stupid work responsibilities. 
Today is last day of autumn here. I don't want winter 
Today is lazy time for me.. just stay at home 
Today is lovely yet disappointing  but overall its awesome!!!! I love 115's 30th generation &lt;3&lt;3
today is making me violent 
Today is Mizuo's last day in America--he leaves this afternoon for Japan.  
Today is my 3 month anniversary of living coffee free! Holyshit I'm tired     
Today is my bff's 21 birthday in VA im soo mad im not there 
Today is my birthday, I'm 32y now. Feels pretty weird. The older you get, the faster life goes 
Today is my daughter's kindergarten Field Day, and neither I nor her mother are there. Yup, I'm feeling like crap today.  
so what to do now? Don't tell me we got to say bye bye to flickr from now on 
So what's new with u twitter bugs. No one is writing me anymore. How sad 
so what's the point in aiming tall? When you're guaranteed to fall..My reflections cracked and looking back I'm so unrecognizable.. 
so when i was walking the pups today...a bird pooped on me  that was my story for the day...sad day...
so when my grandfather gave me this mac.. he forgot to tell me what the password for everything was. now i cant download some things 
so when u can live forever..what do u live for?♥ gooosh im so tired. its just SUNDAY in a few seconds huuuh 
So while I was in line at the DMV, I got a ticket for expired plates (the old ownder's) Now I have to contest it. Sucks butt 
So who on earth ordered a big grey cloud?! Damn it, the suns been behind it for about 30 mins. 
so why is it that u like a guy That ur dating and u go ou� with another guy and all u r missing is holdin and kissin the #1 guy? 
so will blog tomorrow... worn out from my 12hour work day today  spread the word FOLLOW me
so windy here the robin's nest on our front porch in the fake forsythia wreath got blown down. 3eggs ruined 
SO wish I could see &quot;My Life in Ruins&quot; tonight! But kids will keep me home  I love any movie with @NiaVardalos http://tinyurl.com/p9pwds
So wish i was at home in the ATL to see my boy! It's def been a long time 
so wish I was going to the fashion show tonight. Instead, I have to work. sad sad sad face   
So wish the Carlton game was on live  stupid channel 7 lol.
So wishes she had seen the chiro this week ~ pain 
So wishin I could sing so I could audition for the Color purple  Lol
So wonderful but now over..was too short..they cut a few songs 
so won't you take a breath? -  MAIOR SAUDADES DO MUNDO: 24 de maio 
So work is over... nothing particularly interesting happened today.  Aw   But that's okay, 'cos no one reads this shit anyway.
So worn out from today, pretty sore 
So worn out... Only got 4 hrs of sleep and i just cant seem to go to sleep. 
so worried about his condition.. but i can't go alone in the hospital.. 
so worried i am starting to get arthritis in my hands, at the old age of 34. 
SO WUZ UP WITH CHRIS BROWN 
today is my farewell party in the lab....i didn't think i would miss everyone this much alread 
Today is my first day of Study Leave. My first exam is tomorrow. Guess what I'm doing all day today? Yup - Revising! 
Today is my grad party and i'm so freakin miserably sick!  oh yeah you all should come! 2 to 5 at calvary don't worry i'll be on lotsomeds
Today is my hunny's bday... What an awful day to celebrate! Rain rain go away... 
today is my last day with cable tv, the most faithful of lovers, my dearest companion 
Today is my last day with Mayra  she gradutes next week...idk what i'll do without her...I'LL MISS YOU BFFL!
Today is my last free day 
Today is my long day. I have a 4 hour long class and I work until 10, which means I won't get off until 11 and home at 12. 
Today is my personal day of dying hardware: 2 PSU's, 2 RAM's and 1 tapedrive till now 
Today is my son Daniel's 18th birthday! Happy Birthday sweetie! Sorry I have to work all day and all night. 
today is my super bad luck day 
Today is National Donut Day.  Wish I'd known earlier so I could have grabbed a free one 
today is not  a easy day. super emotional 
Today is not a good bowling day 
Today Is Not A Good Day!!! 
Today is not a good day. 
Today is not a good day. I want to be back in bed. 
Today is not a good day... 
Today is not a great day to have to stay a half hour later.  
Today is not fun for me. My mommy has to work till 9 and she's been gone since 1030! Sucks! 
Today is not my day. Hope I can still grasp a photo shoot mood. Or else 
Today is not my day. One of my beloved pets died last night.  Gonna miss you Nick.
Today is not my lucky day! Daddys mad at me    and I'm sad cuz of another thing      so much saddness for me today   
today is off to a oddish start 
today is ok i miss my woman and im going to my grandparents  fun fun happy fathers day dads
So y do ppl feel the need to bathe in their perfumes/colognes? Good thing I have an inhaler with me... just not sure I can get to it 
So ya i'm single. But i still love her and ple loves me. Its just bad time 
So yea..just got word that my company is ending all our OT, sanday's and night differential..great  that means ima be poor lol
so yeah haven't tweet 4 a long time  and exams r next week  so i won't be opening utube a lot !
So yeah i dnt kno why i am being so lazy todayy 
so yeah looks like no Shirtless Tuesday 2moro night... cuz i dont have internet at home yet. not till the 4th 
so yeah my family freaking goes to potbelly, without asking me if i wanted to go 
So yeah, my Phillies are in trouble tonight...   
So yeah....I'm still up... I lost my mouthpiece now I'm afraid to go to sleep 
so yeah...i guess i dont get company this weekend  so who wants to come hang out?
So yesterday was my lazy day, not today... but I'm paralyzed with an overwhelming desire to do nothing today, too.  
So you guys better love me it's 11 pm I haven't slept in days bit I made YBWM and my rib is killing me  but I made it ! Up in 1 hour!
so you know what really sux. a day away from signing to buy a 2010 Camaro and finding out your prolly not gonna have a job in 6 months 
So You Think You Can Dance / #sytycd couple 7- missed it cuz job abended  Love SSparks (ABDC judge) as choregrapher but couple 8- blech.
so you think you can dance caught on to surfthechannel streaming the episodes 
So You Think You Can Dance is tonight and I have no idea who would go home 
So, #Apple are releasing #iPhone #3.0 software update today....Errr, when exactly? It wasn't ready @ 8am this morning! 
Today is one of those unfocused days where every tiny tap, scratch, or thud annoys the hell out of me. I wanna go home 
Today is payday, the last day of school &amp; the 1st day of my workout classes...friggin sweet, oh &amp; the kittens get their balls taken away 
today is probably gonna be a hectic day at work 
Today is public holiday and I'm getting one phone call after another. Got woken up by the IT-Infomanager  Incident is crashing my holiday
Today is rainy day 
Today is rainy so it is perfect for indoor chores that have been put off - so, off to clean the house 
today is really a bad day and to top it off my purple pen just exploded all over my phone  .:KaYLa:.
today is registration at dade...and theres way too many people doing what they're doing...the website is down. 
Today is senior skip day but I have to go to school or else I will fail government!  I am so tired from prom this weekend (via #zenjar )
Today is skate day. Its raining.. And I'm working. *sigh* 
Today is snowing again... where's Spring? 
today is so awesome day expect the end 
Today is SO beautiful... I'm sad I have to spend it indoors, in my windowless workplace   
today is so boring as shit. nothing to do in holiday. if im a rich girl, i will go shopping everyday.  my life is so pathetic
today is so boring compared to yesturday  yesturday at this time i was looking at David 
Today is so gloomy 
today is soo not a good day. 3 bad things already happened 
Today is sooo Boring stuck inside while everyone is out on the boat.. Yes that is me pouting  LOL hahahhaha still smiling though
So, 15 - 20 mm of rain tomorrow = no golfing 
So, 1st match of the season is a local derby... Colchester just is not as appetising as Ipswich 
So, 4 Slim Fast bars and 5.5 hours of sleep later, here I am. Home from work and waiting for the next word of when the funeral is. 
So, 8:10am, and I'm aworking. Making up the lost hour yesterday from that silly joiner 
So, a recount in Iran. Hopefully it was the one scenario in which that will matter. Other forms of rigging will perservere unfortunately. 
So, again I had no sleep this weekend. I'm about to die  ickkkky. Or I might be turning nocturnal?
So, although I work @ a hospital, I'm here at the military hospital as a patient.. Sucks  my tummy still hurts....
So, apparently waiting for the fuel truck, which should be here in 20 mins.  
So, AT&amp;T is taking the iphone upgrade to 3.0 as an opportunity to cut off data access for all pay-as-you-go iphones.  
So, bad news... My straightener broke. 
So, before my biopsy we have to take our cat who is like 20 yrs old to be put down. He was my moms cat until she died 7 years ago. 
So, being inspired at #wwdc is pretty cool. Turns out the problem space I picked for my first iPhone app is pretty complicated 
So, boston won  but eventhough the fight went 2 rounds, I love watching someone get knocked out.
So, can anyone tell me what Jon said? I missed it 
So, details of the PSP go have been leaked. Looks pretty uncomfortable to actualy play  http://tinyurl.com/nhxvtg
So, fasting diet Day 1 - Smell of French Fries in the Air. Track to Mike's desk. Not Fries but peanut butter toast! I'm Hungry. 
Today is starting out horribly 
Today is such a Murphy's Law for me : Today is such a Murphy's Law for me  http://tinyurl.com/nm8yd9
today is such a perfect day to hit the beach. and i have no one to go with 
today is sunday, but i have to work 
today is that day I miss having a tv - no lions, no cricket 
today is the anniversary 
Today is the anniversary of Columbine. 
Today is the big day!!! Front and center and meet and greet. Wish it would be mairead. 
Today is the big day!!!! On the way to the airport. went out last night. Im so sleep 
Today is the big Day...I Hope I Dont fall infront of everyone  im gna miss everyone soooo much 
TODAY IS THE CHEER BEACH/SLEEPOVER AND I CANT GO.! (SAD FACE) 
Today is the day I go to the doctor. I'm not going to lie, I'm pretty frigin scared. 
Today is the day the government kills us all 
today is the first day i've been away from Belle since i've been gone...its gunna be acouple long, hard days.. already miss her 
Today is the first day of my kids summer vacation and I woke up with the flu. Total bummer! 
today is the going away party for isabella schaub. she is moving to chicago with her family. im going to bring a pack of tissues with me 
So, I am moving there in July, which is my Summer, but its winter there? I hope its not too cold 
So, I am totally lovin @mortification7  but he's in Berlin currently... I MISS HIM 
So, I don't know what to do. I'm tired, itchy, and bored.  Ahah. Suuuucksyo.
So, I dropped Adelaide last night on my file cabinet, and she now has a gash. 
So, I finally decided to follow @iiMJusOC but I went to her page and I have to &quot;send a request&quot;. Nope. Oh well. 
So, I guess I'm not going to Colombia anymore.  Fucking sucks.
So, I like True Blood and wondering if Lafayette really is gone.  Really love that character and hoping he wasn't killed off.
So, I need to make a lot of money tomorrow 
So, I passed my PRINCE2 Practitioners exam.. So want a fecken beer to celebrate, but can't cause if meetings and staff reviews 
So, I put on one of my Reds jerseys and then they lost, sadly, I do not bring good luck 
So, I really want cold pudding. It's really hot in here and I'm starving. But my stepdad's on the couch because of a petty drunk argument 
So, I tried sleeping, didn't work. 
So, I went scuba diving in the Caymans and got &quot;the bends&quot; and had to go into the decompression chamber for 5 hours!! not fun 
So, I wish I was in Halifax right now 
so, i wish i was invited for that adidas house party 
so, i wish yest was still here. 
So, I'm finally back at work, but it'll be a short week this week, too!  Only 3 more days to go.  Wish I was still at the beach 
So, i'm reevaluating my life. Sometimes ppl come into our life and their presence distract us from ourselves and our morals 
Today is the last day my hubby will see the sun while working. He goes on nights June 3rd for 3 months.  Poor guy...poor us!
Today is the last day of school with the kiddos.  Field day full of outdoors activities in 90+ degree heat.  
today is the last day of school!!!!   but only for the week... our last day doesnt end until june 25th......... ugh..  &lt;3
Today is the last day Remi will be five. Tomorrow, she'll be in a whole new demographic 
Today is the last pasta day of the year 
today is the olimpic games in mu high school but i don't go because i have to go to de doctor 
today is the PR and Booking metting for LIFE PAINTINGS.  stopped the gym short to be there on time.  so looks like gym will be 3xs to day 
today is the second exam day... compo, i think i did bad 
Today is the worst day. 
Today is totally a death day 
today is turning out to be laundry day 
Today is 'Write To Your Father Day'. So &quot;Hello Pa!&quot;. There, I'm joining in. Got cropped pants. They are still long   Must be my legs....
Today isn't a productive day 
Today it is boring. 
today it's a bad day  
Today it's so HOT... 
Today I've got some sad news about people I like 
Today just isnt my day i need a hug 
Today just turned to a bad day, thanks a lot family... 
So, in 20 min. I'll be home alone w/ no vehicle. Suck. I wanted to go to the outlet mall. 
So, instead of running, I just spent buried in the code of my website. Epic Nerd Fail.  I suck.
So, instead of running, I just spent copious amounts of time buried in the code of my website. Epic Nerd Fail.  I suck.
So, is anyone having luck finding apps for OS 3.0?  Seems to me that they would have launched today too.  Not even the ESPN updater... 
So, it's my birthday today and I'm sick dammit!  
So, Jonney got fired on The Hertbeat Apprentice  See the pics from the Golf Day online! http://tinyurl.com/m2teey
So, know I've done all the work. And how will I spend the next 2 hours? 
So, last night, I found out one of my closest friends has a tumor.  Very sad.
So, latest IVF news, no IVF (or family) for us. Neither taking news especially well, feel furious at world and numb. Everything sucks. 
So, Les Miserables is a pretty easy book to read except it's like 1400 pages long 
so, lucky for me, since i hated the da vinci code after refusing to read it for so long because of the public reaction in the first place-there's a movie now.
So, maybe Texas doesn't have a job for me 
so, my car died, thus preventing a night of drunken trespassing in a pool. i think this is karma's way of telling me to behave myself. 
So, My Favorite Highway, has shows with Danger Radio, A Rocket to the Moon, AND The Cab, and they're not coming here. For any.  Sad day.
So, my girl friends want to hang out tonight since it's my last night to be social for several weeks, I just don't wanna go to a club 
So, my phone fell down the tiolet...don't ask, 'how?&quot; lol. I will let y'all know when I get it fixed 
SO, NETFLIX SUBSCRIPTION  I'M KIND OF THE FACT THAT HE'S BEEN TESTED. WHAT WOULD THE PRIEST WATCHED.
So, no Auburn this weekend. I'll be going next week instead. So, who wants to hang out? Wait, none of you on here live near me.  haha.
So, nothing special about my birthday.  Good try, but just another day.  
So, now is the moment. I have to go.  Bye Bye at everyone...
So, now we have a tile floor, which is new for us and gives us cold feet. Walmart and Target don't have slippers. 
So, on D Day's 65th anniversary weekend, the British public elects an ex-NF BNP MEP 
Today marks 4 years ago that my Dad died. Mom died when I was 19. In a pity party for a few weeks. 
Today marks the last time i seen my late brother back in 2001...i miss singin with him the most... 
today might be the longest day I've yet to experience at work. 11-8. 
Today might honestly be the worst day ever. For reasons I'm not entirely comfortable sharing on Twitter. But, ow. OWOWOWOWOWOW. /work 
today mosavi's supporters marched in valiasr st holding candles, in silence. they were attacked afterwards  #iranelection (via @Mirriaam)
Today must be &quot;Submit Bad Art Monday!&quot; 
Today my baby brother is 17 and doesn't want to be called by his nickname anymore  lol..and my besties bday is Friday....wooohoooo!
Today my batting average dropped to .769 
Today my bra fell of the clothesline and my dog et it. 
Today my cousin asked me the bus route no. from Jayanagar to MG Road.. &amp; I had no freaking clue..  not good.. need to know these things..
Today My DSLR is died. It just won't turn on    What is happening ...
today my mouth will suffer a murder. surrealistic.  damn it!
Today my work week starts &amp; working a double on Monday,triple pay,yeah baby!!!No fun this week 4 me  It's all good,we can do it next week
today no volleyball practice  wohooo so I can watch Grey's, Private Practice and ER ... but wanna have volleyball more 
Today not such a good day ...  !!!!  Sickly !!! Bout to nap !!!
Today on my Volcom blog! Crazy dreams  WAH, green nails are GROSS, kittens x kittens, N MORE! http://volcom.com/sarahselectronisblogride
today only physically present at work  ..mentally absent...
today pics for the annuary!!!! 
TODAY pro: hole punch came in the mail today so business cards are done! con: not sure if it's the flu but i'm not feeling good 
So, pizza's on the way, and I will just have to watch TMNT on my own- no one contacted me about it.  Also watching Ghostbusters1+2 + Repo!
So, rain is keeping me awake, and making me doubt the chances of a bbq tomorrow  hehe. Night peeps. http://myloc.me/4K3i
so, secret life...soooo sad.  and, i cant believe that she is pregnant. haha. sooo unrealistic.
So, so very sad concerning the crash of the Air France Jet with 228 possible dead. Praying for them and their families! We may never know 
So, so, so tired 
so, someone got the jam session from last night, right? ich, probably? why does he always do this when i don't have a computer? 
So, sometime yesterday my green overlay for my avitar disapeared...don't know where its at! It didn't even leave a note!  lol
So, that was the 2nd season of &quot;The Big Bang Theory&quot;, can't wait for the 3rd one ... Whenever it will be aired 
So, the final Spring Awakening London performance started a short while ago. I never got to see it 
So, there we go. The one candidate I didnt want wins.  #newspeaker
So, Tweetdeck lets you view FB status, but not comment, and not on iPhone, but Twinkle does. Tired of multiple twitter apps. 
So, Twitter isn't very confusing.  Also, no one I know has twitter 
So, watched videos from the @jonathancoulton concert from last July in #CLE, finished my pogo badges...  good morinng! Now work. 
So, we booked an $800 win at 21 and proceeded to blow it on two roulette spins! 
So, when I wear peep toes, 3 toes try 2 squeeze through the hole!!! Not cute   so I'm trying 2 put paper between them 2 force them apart..
So, who else hates BrokeBack Mountain?..
Today really feels like spring, how many days until our next snow? I miss it 
Today seems daunting. I have lots of homework then a long drive and hanging out with sis. And the baby has already threatened me 
Today shall be grand. . . Not! Still burnt. 
Today started out so nice and sunny. Around 1pm, it started raining.....and still hasn't stopped. 
Today Suck !! I hate youuu!! relax .. keep moving forward farin... keep moving forward .. 
Today sucked bad.! Everything screwed up.! 
Today sucked. I wish I had something to look forward to. I wish I knew it was all gonna happen. I don't know if any of it is gonna happen 
Today sucks 
today sucks! 
today sucks!!! its so ugly outside and no one wants to spend time with me 
Today sucks. A day that constantly reminds me that I dont have a dad. 
today sucks. it's raining. i wish i waas going to see @ifcmusic tonight 
Today Sucks...  hate being married... Hate being an adult
today sucks... really bad. fml 
Today supposed to be dry and sunny, I put off cutting the grass 'till tonight. Already rained and looks like more. Not dry until Thurs. 
Today suuucks...moving out of Hoboken 
Today test in one hour. I'm not very confident now 
Today the kids are out of school for summer, but when will summer  be out for the kids??  We are gonna float away from all this rain 
Today the Smiths leave, they are a great family and great friends, I will miss them so much. Military life sucks some times 
today totally didn't feel like a Sunday! Hubby had to do OT, I did get some mall shopping done - nothing active though 
so. 5 rubbish bags, 4 boxes &amp; 6 bags of stuff packed ... my room isn't even finished yet 
So. Exhausted. Have to turn my brain back on for more heavy lifting today. I miss caffeine 
so. fucking. bored. of. work 
So. This is the time where I put: Yay. Got the tickets. But did I?? No! 
so.. i'm pretty bored right now  its like 3 AM in my country and i can't sleep, i blame the computer... there're so many good things to do
So.. Our tire got F'd up and we're 30 mins away from our exit, and AAA can't help us  woe is me
so.. What's the bad thing about grandma being in Dublin? NO WAFFLES :C 
So... anyone have any other ideas about how we can get the word about the survey out?  We haven't had any new ones today 
so... apparently he LOVES his girlfriend (at least that's what everybody say) which means i was just another girl... 
so... bad cold or...............................that flu... not well, all drugged up, and slow 
So... I missed RoTwitter Conference yesterday! Bummer  Anything else i'm missing lately? Just checking...
So... I'm at work with @CarlynNicole and @oohdeera and I'm sitting pd side.. little sad about that and Donut Heaven is NOT open!!!! 
So... Im pritty bored  thought I would tell you guys ;)
So... it looks like the only thing that is open is Cook Out.  I hope I don't get food poisoning like the last time I ate there. 
so... it seems my favorite t20 teams are jinxed this year (or is it me)... RCB and then india 
So... Michael cera is funny, jack black is funny... The movie? Eh... Wouldnt recommend it. 
today turned to be a bust. going to bed alone tonight. my baby's in Wichita 
today two months ago y grandfather passed away. 
Today walked for like 5 hours straight,,,, Tired 
Today was a bad day 
Today was a crazy kerby's day. So busy. But makin' lots of $$$$. I just wish I could go to The Stand tonight. 
today was a day filled with yummy things, fun ,laughter, and  sillyness. pity i didnt get to see some of you  .
today was a dud, i'll make sure next time that i ACTUALLY go to prom, but to bad it won't ever happen again 
Today was a fast day. im happy schools almost over, but im gonna miss me friends 
Today was a fun day! Ughh junk food all day  BUY SOME ROLLERBLADES NOW!
today was a good day that ended tragic 
Today was a good day, really disappointed that I didn't have some 1 on 1 time with my husband 
today was a good day.. but not as hot as it was in Virginia Beach 
Today was A LOT of fun- now I only have 1 Star Wars weekend left 
Today was a lovely day. Time to take a shower, brush my teefies, and cuddle up with my blanket  and watch a movie.
Today was a no camera day, missed it. Jury duty, etc....    Tomorrow the randomizer will choose another function or subject to work with.
Today was a pretty good day, don't want to do work tomorrow though 
Today was a sad day (N) my best friend has a broken hear --&gt;   http://twitpic.com/5yq43    
Today was a sad day (N) my best friend has a broken heart   --&gt; http://twitpic.com/5yq43 
So... My car ISN'T ready today. 
so... no more scrubs... what am I going to do now?  getting bored again? oh pls no... 
so... she doesnt have leukemia, but it still isnt lookin too hot 
So... The sun is shining and I am in an office with no windows... Did I do something wrong in life???? Someone rescue me 
So... walking to the train station 2.2 miles away takes an average of just over 50 minutes. A) that's a 24 min mile 
So.... the first day back to work = 300+ emails still to get through  
So.....nothing positive to say about the A's loss today, just depressing 
so....i'm guessing no BGN? 
so....lunch is over now but i REALLY dnt feel like goin bacc 2 work  not havin a great day ALREADY! lol its only 1pm SMFH
so...3 hours....thats how long it took to pack all my shit and move all my furniture back to its starting position...im pooped 
so...are none of you going to help me out? 
So...Hot...Need...at least an opened window  did i mention that i felt a bit hot? british weather needs to make up it's mind x
so...how can i raise $50 for a useless comp game, and a few hundred for a new tattoo? wtf is no one hiring 
So...how long do I have to stand here before I get some assistance? On the phone talking and not working...niggas! We gotta do better 
so...i really want to be home right now. 
So...i see an empty couch in the york library, i wanna sleep  T-6hrs..wtf am i doing here so early...
so...my phone doesnt allow me to respond to tweets so if ya tweet me i cant retweet ya back. i have to use a real comp for that 
So...my upper lip got too much sun and now it appears that I have a mustache.  That is all. 
so...Saturday night stuck at home..lonely... no visitors.. 
so...so...so bored 
so...this no internet thing is kicking my ash!!!!!! cant wait to have it..even if it is just dial up 
So...UP admin is closed during weekends..ugghh..and I woke up 6 am today for that!! 
So...who's going to the idols tour concert?? Anyone going in illinois?? I hate that we have to wait til september 
So...wieder pause...argh...so lang  will heim
So.tired.so.sore.so.so.so.much.  &lt;celiaelise. &gt;
Today was actually a spring day! had fun but now im stuck in my thoughts gah!  @curlygurl576: your lovely vitamin water diem.t help lmfao?
Today was amazing, too short though 
today was an active day - weather wise &amp; painful &amp; confusing - emotion wise 
Today was deffinately shit on april day 
Today was definitely tiring! First school, then the gym, English at the institute, and then visiting grandpa in the hospital.  
Today was emotionally and physically tiring  its funny how small things can bring back a flood of emotions le sigh
today was fun but now im bored 
Today was fun. Ain't nothing like open highway, and meeting new people. Shitty thing, moms still a drunk 
today was fun. my feeet hurt 
today was GOOD  , that little girl hollie in bgt , just me or complete sympahty vote  ! how cute is aidan davis :L? tweet me  x
Today was good but some people have friday attitudes...not good 
today was great.. i slept :L now iv to go clean my room 
Today was his birthday. He turned 32. Now I'm sad.  But happy birthday Zachary Quinto!!
Today was his last day on radio this semester...  But I ended it with &quot;Simply The Best&quot; by Tina Turner, so not all bad!!!
Today was INSANE...locked my keys in the trunk of my car at Plato's closet...scored $25 but had to be in the sick K~Mart plaza for 2hrs! 
today was last day for strawberries  but found great blueberries....what to do with them?
Today was long and disappointing!  
Today was my bosses last day  im going to miss her. But i heard through the grapevine that she wants to take me to her new store
Today was my dad's birthday. 
today was my day to get stuff done, instead i wanna go swimming cause it's finally pretty out 
today was my first examen.. was easy ;) but friday second examen  so much to learn 
today was my last day of classes yey , now just have tests  I study all day for my portuguese test ; and I had my oral test in english..
today was my last day of elementary school! 
Today was my last day of journalism  and thanks to all the sweet bday wishes I woke up to today! You guys rock
today was nice, i went to lazerzone and laitse. now i am really tired and i have nothing to wear tomorrow. 
Today was not a good day for my self-esteem. 
Today was not a good day. Apart from killing little bird had a row with a bloke who wouldn't read a simple sign  sign said do not knock
today was not a good day...  serving half of my community service hours tomorrow 9am-2. then work 4-11. yay
Today was not an inspirational photography day  #photography -  http://twurl.nl/jnizbw
Today was not so hot. It rained all day and then started to thunder. And then the sun only came out for about ten minutes! 
today was not the average sunday at 315..miss working with more models &amp; pti 
today was okay ;/ maths exam tomorrow. booo  
Today was our last day of school and everybody cried! It was SSSOOOO sad! 
so9 not feelin good! got sick yesterday nd culdnt make colorguard   gah y do ppl get sick?!?
soaked from the rain 
Soaking up the CAVS loss!!! 
Soaking up the sun in Ibiza. Back tomorrow tho 
soaking up the sun's rays... through my office window 
soar throat  according to paullie's theory is becoz i din drink enuff tat nite :p
Soar throat and runny nose  took some medicine though, starting to go away 
Sob  . . . Life must suck for you. . . . Does your ass hurt? Cause its called karma. . You get what you give frost.
Sob sob.....All accessible places for John Farnham Concert sold....   Maybe they'll have another concert. Think positive......
Sob- why would NKOTB not come back here- clink- heart broken! 
Sob, 2 emails out of 5 are replied and the companies revealed they don't do internship.  Crossing my fingers for the others
sob....when will the SC 2 beta start 
Sobbing at being left alone whilst the boi works the allnighter. Im in a (lonely) mood 
sober weekend  no drunknesss too sick.
sobriety is so overrated 
Socbay was hacked by Vietnamese hacker  http://socbay.com/ )
Soccer drills are very tiring and my body hurts right now 
Soccer is over...I was crying all the afternoon...I'm gonna miss all those girls 
Soccer practice: weight room  Loveyou&lt;3
Soccer went well, and i didn't die!  actually had some good stops and played a role in a couple scores (for both sides!!!!)  
soccers off 
social exam 
Social isolation alters the neuroinflammatory response, causing IL-6 levels to rise in stroke patients...it hurts to be alone 
social studies test part 1 today  not looking 4ward to it. an hour and a half is a VERY long time for multiple choice &gt;
society is messed up. 
sociology oral  i hate life. not really. i just hate sociology orals.
SOCIPSY paper. I wanna eat Marty's cracklings 
sod it, going to unjailbreak my iphone, tired of the speed compromise. Think I will really miss 5-row keyboard though  Bring on 3.0!
Sodding M25   http://twitpic.com/2y3y0
Soderling should beat feder but he won't to bad 
sofar my iphone is useless since updating to os3.0   Right now Apple feels like M$. I never had this kind of issue with apple updates BF
Softball cancelled again this week. 
softball game later; i'm soooo bored right now 
Softball got canceled because of rain...  Oh well, at least it's good for the grass!
softball in an hour!!! woot! miss my team terribly. 
softball in the A.M. again tommrw  i want SLEEP
Softball makes my back and organs hurt.  Why am...4 for 5, 2 runs, 1 RBI.  I rule!  9 for 11 on the season w/ 6 runs, but only 3 RBI.  
Softball was a major ego-buster for me tonight. I was butal (not in a positive way) on all the facets of my game. 
softball was pretty intense tonight. lots of bruises 
Softball, running up a hill &amp; around a baseball field, then step master for 20 minutes= a PAINFUL body 
softballl dayyyyy 
Software exam over. Preparing for the most boring MIS 
Software update not available in your area ... fuck it !!!!! Quite disappointing 
Soho was weirdly busy, came home to ice cream instead.  Feeling very lonely... 
Soiree went very well. Now a day of posting and work 
S'ok, I found a way across the pink river. The river screams and chants at those who cross though. 
solange knowles isss madd at meeeee     
Sold 1 of 5 horses  ... installing more bat houses today, and performing some red fox inspections for removal and relocation purposes.
sold all my furniture in my room except my bedevrything is gone 
Sold bikes faster than expected, and we are running out of sizes.    Luckily the single speeds are on the ocean now! ETA -  EO June.
Sold dads horse today. Bit sad coz he was an angel 4 me. Bit of a terror 4 dad tho. Will miss him 
Sold my engg. books (brand new) for 1/4th price. Feel terribly ashamed 
sold out Grizzly Bear in Toronto 
Sold out in 2 min. Congrats Blink. But now I'm so very sad. 
Sold out of soft shell crab 
Soldering adventure was great success. My speakers make noise! Still have to wait a week for the poly finish to quit stinking, though 
Solid state drives are awesome, but the performance alone doesn't justify paying around twice-as-more and getting considerably less space 
solitaire is impossible... well i wanna see transformers 2.. talk me? 
Solo road ride cus no one wanted to get up early 
Some absolute sadist keeps pting the ac aimed at me and its making me sick 
some advice for all of you: dont pressure wash your foot. it hurts and is not worth it. you really do want the skin on your foot. FYI. ow 
some bizarre foreign lady offered me a lift in her nissan micra as well, but i declined 
Some body hacked my first bank online account 
Some boys are so annoying,and so hard to trust 
Some calls you just know are bad with the sounds in the background 
Some charv just spat at me, eww 
some crazy shanice fan @Daviesgravey..@shaniceonline doesnt want me to cuss em out. she wants me to pray for them  lol
some creep is watching me while i eat 
some creepy man with an eye patch keeps following me with several twitter accounts.  i blocked his ass but it's still weird. freak!
Some dark clouds in #indiavotes #indiavotes09 #India #election : Indians are still divided on caste, relegious and regional lines. 
some day ill get sleep 
Some days I go through the entire day asking myself and the world, &quot;what's the point?&quot; This is one of those days. 
some days i miss my mom so bad it make me feel physically sick 
Some days I wonder &quot;is this it?&quot;, does anyone else ever feel that way? Monday Blues Tash 
Some d-bag stole @Catfairbanks bike 
some douche just got into my msn without knowing my password, using a program and called all my friends whores and they think its me 
some drivers r such dicks. blocking the tram cos they r incapable of driving within a defined lane. 
Some girl got her face Split open!!! 
Some girl in my class committed suicide on Saturday night.  School was so quiet today! I don't understand why or how you could do that! :/
@Saskiafairy haha that bad?! that sounds like fun! never even heard of it tbh! :o oh u're mad! i actually can't eat in this weather!  xx
@Saskiafairy omg ew!!  usually i'd laugh but even the smell of sour milk kills me!!  x
@Saskiafairy Yeah, the coral one lasted 2 days b4 it chipped  Might get the L'oreal one ..as they're £2 off in Boots @ the mo.
@sasrithorn I miss Spain too! 
@sassamo drink all night. Then I leave tomorrow  come with meee
@Sassciepants idk i just had this aweful headache this morning  but i feel alot better now ; awe poor little bella is it that time? lol
@sassieondupris miguel switched his name and got on twitter. so he too cool to be my friend anymore  BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo.
@sassisam agh mine just left for New York last month!! 
@sassy_cc @DeniseWorden @PuniceaRana x rays checked out fine. look forward to much pain 
@Sassy_Sez I don't go much on the moral outrage either, but personally I think they're sadly just not that funny or clever any more 
@sassy1jenn I know Im sorry I was on my way to April's graduation....sorry 
@sassy1jenn Noooooooooo that sucks cause I wont be here....booooooooooo now im really sad 
@sassy66  im doing well. much better! but i haven't seen South Africa this cold in a while  enjoy our sun, we'll be back 
@sassyback - of what? why aren't you on MSN yet 
@sassyback I think my contract is over, cause it was a 24month thing, and its been over 2 years.  I like this plan.
@sassybam DONE!!! Juz few picx... 
Today was Really exhausting ..im gonna take an overdose of sleep 
Today was really sad but also nice in a way. Now it's back to reality  Nighty-night tweeple!
today was scary......  i dont think i wanna be a news anchor  lol
today was so fun...and now i'm bored  @rocktress when/if you see this sign on
Today was so much fun Fremont Fair was great. Really hate to leave Seattle (and especially the wonderful @prat) for two weeks -work trip 
Today was soooo much fun and i am sad that this friday is my last day of eighth grade 
today was such a cuddle day, i miss steven soo much 
today was such a good day, definitely need to do it again amber just left  whats everyone doing?
today was such a good day. my and my homiiies in dance ate everything with salsa. so funnny. now my stummy hurts 
Today was such a mess. I don't know what to do 
today was super awesome taking cosplay pics, now a long night of editing ahead of me... 
today was SUPER SPECIAL AWSOME! (if you get the joke... you win the game.... oh wait, i just LOST) (it was SSA minus Hawks/Mavs Losing  )
Today was supposed to be my official apology day 
today was the last day  IM GONNA MISS THE SEVENTH GRADERS D:
today was the last school day! I'm so sad.. I'm not good at saying goodbye to someone 
today was the longest day ever, and I get to do it all over again tomorrow and wednesday  I hate summer school already
Today was the wrong day for me to wake up at 3am with a migraine 
today was very unproductive 
some git has stolen my pedal bike 
Some give all 
Some great cos-players though. Wish I had taken my camera 
some guy at this bar asked if i would ever consider fitness modeling.. i really do have madonna arms 
Some guy just said he wanted to spank me 
Some guy offered me a free flat screen out of his truck! Denied it, but I really wish it was legit. I need a tv 
some how all my shit got deleted on myspace  super pissed! now i gotta fix it and it will take forever. http://www.myspace.com/wildchic5
Some how I managed to screw up my neck getting out of the bath last night. Just what I need on top of the flu 
Some idiot rear-ended an Aston DB5 no the M4 this morning....I nearly cried 
Some laker fans are ghetto!  ppl smokin blunts while their kids r right in front of them. Smh! Really LA?!? @TBBF
some last minute review, sleeping, then the wonderful global regents in the morning...yay 
Some Marus from Calcutta sitting in the table next to mine. Miss Calcutta now 
Some mean (probably) old lady took the bird I wanted.  
some members not coming  coz of musim UAS 
some Ming Garden for lunch, grocery shopping, homework/yoga, church, dinner w/people hopefully, then....more homework 
Some models laying out in the sun on the rooftop across the street. Wishing I was outside 
Some mornings Paula's (aka Gilbert Godfry) voice is like nails on a chalk board 
Some Muslim just told me I was yelling in his ear. Why do I keep attracting beef today? I let it slide. It's a concert fool. Hmph. 
Some newspapers should be called 'adpapers'... 
some of my fav socks now have huge blood stains on them 
Some of my favorite actors in that movie including Tom Cruise and Matt McConaughey...why can't their lookalikes live next door to me? 
some of my photos wont save! &amp; idk why 
Some of u young men need to trim down those pubic hairs...looks like toddler penises in the wild!!! SCARY...somethin might jump at me 
Some old guy just tried hitting on Kaylee and I 
Some one asked me if I was a carnie tonight on the sky train 
Some one come rub my Tummy 
Some one cuddle me  BAD BAD BADDDD DAY
some one keeps getting texts o they so much more popular than me wagh  hate revision hate hate hate
Some one pick me up for so blessed 
some one talk to me 
some people apparently are getting the iPhone OS 3 update, but I don't see it still 
some people are complete and utter B*****s! urgh 
Some people are full of shit. Studying for my math final on Friday, so I'm missing Run's House tonight 
Some people are intentionally out to break your heart and when it seems unintentional..you find out it's secretly intentional 
some people are soo sick  its just rong to treat someone like that. crying my eyes out about it 
Some people can steal your energy.  Seriously.   I hope Twitter people can't do it.  
Some People Just Don't Get It  Silly Peeps
some people just say what they want to and they're not aware of how others feel.  ....
Some people make me so angry 
Some people make me so angry and suppsed to be so called friends grrrrr great start to a day 
some people need to grow up! Its not funny anymore -please note if u can c this, its not aimed at you, thats the reason its on here 
some people never write 
Some people on youtube are so mean. Fred is losing a lott of subscribers 
Some people saying on the net that UK release of OS 3.0 will now be 6pm  Dammit! Will be in work
Some people update way too much around 3am 
Some person left a really lame and cruel message on there earlier. 
some plugins (Web Developer, Delicious for example) do not work anymore after upgrading Firefox on Mac   Any suggestions?
some ppl r so hell bent on me to make me do things which i am not interested, somethin like today's plan 
some progress... iphone software update works. but... lost all the contacts 
some quick shuteye on the train, but now my mood is even worse. It's gottta be the weather 
some random middle-aged man is ringing the door and i'm the only one in with my PJs on  not answering the door, GO AWAY MR.MAN!
Some sad news...just one of those 'life changes' kind of things...but still sad. 
Some sort of free lunch today, people getting &quot;Years in Service&quot; awards and recognitions.  Doubt there's an 11 Months award 
some sort of horrible cold/flu has setttled in  glad it is a day off i feel miserable.
Some stranger @ the grocery store this morning gave me 2 red roses for being my &quot;fan&quot;. Made me smile since going to hospital again today 
Some stunning hats at Ascot. Love them but I can't wear hats, have a pea head, none of the high crown needed to keep them on my head 
some stupid person has poured me a glass of cider! I'm doomed 
some sweep me off my feet ;) i wish i lived in disneyland 
Some Teachers really do my head in!! 
some team fortress 2. i just want the backburner 
some things are better when at a distance. 
Some things are so unfair 
Some things even spell check can't fix 
Some things never get easier 
Some times I feel like a monster 
Some times I really hate driving around 
some twat just reminded me that william beckett is in manchester and i can't meet him  haha xD
some words make me sad. 
Some yound girls are letting their dog play in the water and it just chased a mommy duck with babies 
some1 explain the difference btw step into and Step over.... 
Somebody @ this new table is MUSTY as HELL!!!  
Somebody accidentely sleep for 3 hours instead of 2 and now I can't hang out  WORK BLOWS! sorry @andrew_jones20 and @schmidtfaced
Somebody already occupied shyjune. So I made my ID whyjune. But I don't like it 
somebody ate all the fruit and m&amp;ms out of the trail mix  stupid kelsey
Somebody broke ehow 
somebody buy me a paul's boutique bag PLEASE!! 
Somebody cheer me up please  x
Somebody come to my house and read It aloud to me? I want to keep reading it but its soo long and Im tired  fail
SOMEBODY COME UNLOCK MY CAR!!!  
somebody do that Follow Friday thing for me    i dont have that many followers  
Somebody follow me. This is so sad. 
Somebody get @SongzYuuup some tea or something...  and some orage juice cause my baby sound sick ::tear::
somebody go work for me  i don't want to be up right now.
Somebody got fries at lunch again and it's making my tummy rumble.  
Somebody has eaten the rest of my Chocolate Macadamia 
SoMeBoDy HeLp I DnT KnOw HoW To Do CoSiGns 
Somebody help me please 
somebody help me with a story plot thennn 
Somebody help me! i'm so bored!!   ........damn.
Somebody hold me 
somebody is playing their radio and its annoying me 
somebody know something of brazillian's history?  hahahha good luck for me
Somebody left the gain on the microphone too high...overdriving the head!  #NASCAR
Somebody please bring me a digital radio so I can listen to 1xtra 
Somebody please give this cat a home. I'm way allergic.  http://mypict.me/54YG
somebody please make me understand about twitter 
Somebody please pull me out of my mood 
somebody plz save me! im doing homework and i think im gonna die from boredom 
Somebody put me out of my misery 
Somebody save me 
Somebody save me! I don't want to be sick 
Somebody Shoot Me......! 
somebody stole my club sandwich 
Somebody sub to me on youtube, I have no subs   www.youtube.com/ipodmysteryman
Somebody talk 2 me.... 
somebody text me or aim me. im so bored! 
somebody unfollowed me why????  
Somebody wont stop hitting and screaming!!!! 
somebody's smoking around us &amp; it stinks  I just saw a cigar being passed
someday somehow we're gonna make it alright but not right now  - fathers day sunday (N)
Somedays I just feel like nobody cares and that I am utterly alone in this world 
Somehow #stateoforigin just isn't the same without Roy &amp; HG. 
somehow did a hard reset on my Blackberry and managed to lose/move/mess up/disable EVERYTHING....    
somehow don't think he will 
Somehow don't think I'm going to enjoy today 
Somehow found myself at a &quot;Girls of Burlesque&quot; show tonight!  EEEEK!  No Dita von Tease in the house 
Somehow glad Mine That Bird didn't win Belmont - I'd have to be pissed at Rachel Alexandra as a spoiler....  lol http://tinyurl.com/r ...
somehow i found my way to heath ledger tribute videos on youtube  how did i get here? and why am i so distraught?
somehow I went from being respected and important to keeper of screaming toddlers, what went wrong? 
Somehow I'm only old running route on the east side hwy btwn the mhtn n brklyn bridges. And it's rainy. 
Somehow I've managed to miss a bunch of @ replies. sorry tweeple 
somehow managed to fall asleep with a Wedgewood Rooms AAA pass stuck to my leg... now it is sticky 
somehow managed to pop my knee at work. 
somehow sprained my ankle or something while sleeping. painful. arm is still very weak &amp; in lots of pain  from being smashed by boob. 
Somehow the teams I tend to root for seem to disappoint me and never go all the way! I cant seem to feel somewhat responsible 
Somehow the Window Media Player on my Mobile doesn't play sound  The sound comes well on other players.
somehow they got me wrong and thought that i wasnt happy with my bfs ermmm size! that wasnt true and then he started to feel insecure  ...
Somehow we lost our 25mm lens 
Somehow, I feel alone. 
Somehow, steak wrapped in bacon did not end up being good. I don't understand what went wrong 
Somehow, while installing an AIM client on my BlackBerry, I managed to break everything and my screen name has fallen into a black hole. 
somene knows the book &quot;Auto of the Barge of the Hell&quot; ? OMG, i hate my portuguese teacher 
Someone (@Ratsofatsorat) left a few sips of mocha in the reusable coffee mug.   Last week.  Now it's chunky 
someone ANYONE must have an essay on photoshop I can steal and plagiarize to fuck? i've given up caring i just want to be done 
Someone at the bank &quot;put a hold on the appraisal&quot; - that's not going to get the loan closed on time  Buyer and seller both irate
Someone ate all my chocolate 
someone ate all my nachos  ...in search for food :/
Someone ate my chicken corn chowder 
Someone be proud of meeeeee. #emo 
Someone bought me coffee, but it tastes like a bag of sugar.  atleast it's the thought that counts.
someone bought my mini 
Someone bring me food? I'll starve to death otherwise  lol
Someone bring me some food. 
someone broke into macys last nite and smashed glass in the jewelery department to steal 1000's worth of pearls  crazy at work.
someone broke into my car big time = having a really bad day 
someone broke into the baskin robbins beside us last night 
Someone broke my claw in my installation!! And took it with them!! 
Someone buy me a sandwich im broke  and going to be for a long time :'(
Someone called and tricked me into going to the doctor this morning 
someone called me pretentious for saying i read poetry. 
Someone came in my office after I left yesterday and made the outrageous accusation that I am, in fact, a &quot;poo-face&quot; on my monitor 
Someone cancelled the recording of the MTV awards  English language? Easy 
Someone chipped one of my wine glasses and another is missing. I don't think i've ever even used them myself 
someone come and be online please! Im really bored. 
Someone come keep me company 
Someone come over and bring me food. There's none whatsoever in my house. 
Someone come play pool with me at time out. Im all alone now 
Someone come rescue me I'm so tired &amp; dyin of starvation!! 
Someone come take care of me  i hate being siick!!!! blahhh
Someone come take care of me.  I'm so sicky 
Someone come take care of me.....  ugh.
someone come to the presets with me. . .so far im all alone 
Someone come watch tbs with me on Friday. Almost no one can go 
Someone come with me to Field Day in London on August 1st 
Someone didn't get the sound mixed properly for #PearlJam on #Conan. Eddie is too far back in the mix. Sounds muddy. 
Someone didn't react the way I wanted him to when given his awesomely suprising gift 
Someone drove my car and effed up all my mirrors.  Took me for ever to get them right again!
Someone entertain me because @DonoDollars aint doing it lmaoo 
Someone entertain me I'm bored and lonley here 
Someone feed me some food pls 
today was WAY too long 
Today was.. pretty damn terrible. Summer school sucks. Foreigners suck. Walks home hurt. Old people suck. No time with boy sucks 
Today wasn't so great.  I screamed and bitched the entire day.
Today we are saying bye to cynthia 
Today will be a great day. Summer Dance camp starts at 6:30 am. So you know how I feel.    SLEEPY
Today will be boring compared to yesterday 
Today will be interesting.... I hope it is better then how I feel right now. 
today will be spent behind the wheel! 
Today will be the first lazy day in this holiday. School starts Wednesday 
Today will not be a good day 
Today would be a perfect day at the beach 
today would have been so much worse if it wasn't for my cousins being so cute . other than that it sucked. feel like shit 
Today would of actually been my 10 month with my ex 
today wouldve been a great day to ski 
today you may call me Mrs Achoo.. cause that's what I've been doing all morning.. damn allergies! 
Today!!... Lines, Vines and Trying Times!! but I still do not have one.  I have to buy! jeje
Today, I am n the worst mood of anyone alive 
Today, I find the world disgusting 
today, I have test in the first time and I don't know anything 
today, I have test in the first time and I don't know anything  good luck for me.
today, I have to clean the house. boo  anybody doing anything fun today?
Today, I keep having sudden bouts of vertigo  http://ff.im/-2OhJn
Today, i received my last diary from CSA! 
Today, I used the word &quot;operationalization&quot; in a sentence. I am now officially a bureaucrat. 
today, i watched mega shark vs. giant octopus.  nothing really topped the shark biting the passenger jet in mid-air 
Today, I'll get my #wisdomteeth extracted... #FML 
today, ive been bumming around at home. nothing interesting. its a bumming day, its cold and rainy. 
Today, my night prayer gonna include Natali L. who was probably killed by her uncle. My sympathies to her family and friends. Good Night 
Today, my older son spilled coke on my keyboard and fried it. No $ for another split one &amp; I really strongly dislike the backup keyboard. 
Today, not in a mood to do work 
today, restaurant city robbed me of my daily free ingredient + my daily food quiz opportunity to get another free ingredient 
today, some guy in my art class told me i always look so serious...like i'm pissed off all the time?? is this true? 
Today, the final end to Netizen, 8 years of my life   http://bit.ly/OeFpW
today, the high is 69 degrees. which is a) funny (lol 69) and b) too cold to be in the water for 3 hours. 
today, was sorta bummy  the club didn't work out, but king taco was BOMB. I'M BACK @ HOME NOW READY TO SLEEEEEEP!
today,i went to extract 2 wisdom teeth.the bill was $877.40. i dont know which bleeds more,my gums or my heart.sorry mum and dad. 
Today... Bioestatistics. 
Today... I'm tired and sad... I don't know why! 
Today... is... MONDAY!!! 
Today.... Off to a horrible start 
tOday....the MTV MOvie awards, my brother's party will be a little short for me, 'cause at 7 p.m. starts the MTV's (México's time)  &amp; 
today: bureaucracyday til 20:30 pm yeeeay 
Today: Shooting a video, perfect weather for it!! and then last sunday salsa night with sista! i will miss our feuerstein nights !!!! 
today: wavves, phoenix, grizzly bear and some islands (for good measure). The fiery furnaces cd is not working 
today: Work followed by AP Exam cramming. 
today? today fails. in every fucking way. i just want it to be over, like, soon.    i think bed might be the solution to that.
Today=bad,Work=bad &amp; i have tummy-ache  my 2nd twitter thingy &amp; i sound like a right miserable b'stard!! XP (i'm not really..i promise!)
Todays a beautiful day to be at the beach. Bout to take that ride wit my little princess... Papi's at work til 5. 
Todays a boring day... 
Todays a down day 4 me. Just got 2 work, wishing i was home w/my family. I miss my babies 
Todays a good day to be me. Not a good day for 288 people on an Air France plane. 
todays a sunday, that means... tomos a monday! a SCHOOL day! 
today's attempt at study = major fail.  
todays background is the i wanna rock tour song list from when me and charlotte wanted one  WE &lt;3 AAR !
today's been a really pissy day 
Today's Breakfast : 2 Idlis+1 Vada+ 1 Mysore Bonda + 2 Bananas + 1 Glass badam milk!! Im hungry now 
Today's bus journey home seems exceptionally long. I don't wna worry so much abt sch, work, money and my birthday.  - http://tweet.sg
Today's Dr. Phil is really making me distrust guys. I know there are some great guys out there, but they're never on TV talk shows. 
Today's episode of Marco is an idiot: Gael Garcia Bernal says to me &quot;I recognize your face&quot; and I hear it as &quot;This is a nice place&quot;    
Today's exam was surprisingly not too bad. Too bad I didn't study 
Todays feels like its dragging  still have a family party to go to. Slang some drinks @ vlounge. And if I have enuff energy a bday @ s ...
today's forecast... more rain! 
Todays forecast: feeling like a cold turd. I need some serious something to keep me up and active. 
Todays goal - try and ignore fact its a lovely day and complete all coursework making 
Today's going to be beautiful again and my agenda is...work and study 
todays gonna be a great day for the Dow 
today's gonna be a looong day 
today's gonna suck. Yay for no water at work to go to the bathroom or wash our hands! 
Today's insfection day. So I and another guy should been Coles. 
todays lesson: do not be on your heels so much otherwise they will hurt like mine. 
today's lunch is from colonel sander's! reminds me of tia 
Todays match was pathetic. We need 3 runs / 9 overs &amp; I got out LBW (last wk). I brought the team close to victory but failed 2 finish it 
Today's meeting was a no show  But that is understandable for our situation. Contact Sr. Iris Marie to schedule a personal convenient time
today's my big bro's b-day!!!! no big plans    trip 2 waterpark got canceled...bad weather
Todays my birthday  going to work 
todays my bros open house. sooo boring! 
Today's my first absent at school. 
Todays my last day in Best Buy!! Woot!! =] what will I do without P to the Rill though!? 
today's my last day with this long hair  T_T
todays not going to be a happy day........ saying goodbye to my best friend &amp; my gram 
Todays one of those days.. Can't keep any food down and nauscious as can be. 
todays our last day with meggie  gotta make it fun
Today's plans are changing.  I hate when stuff changes at the last minute.
Todays post is SUPER EXCITING! Check it out. but no deals  well it's not even that exciting. Wha Whaaa. http://www.chicrunner.blogspot.com
Today's purchase is sweet, despite the huge $25 US-to-Oz postage charge. Ouch. Locals get free shipping  #primal
Todays races are done. to much rain and it was cold as hell like 45 degrees 
today's revision has been a waste of time i think  but i hope my brain is in french mode tomorrow for the exam
todays revision has been such a waste of time i think  i just hope my brain is in french mode tomorrow for the exam fingers crossed xx
Today's Revision: A-level french, Japanese, and Geography. Argh 
todays' Rih and Breezy's court heading ahhhhh! wonder if she'll o.d and put it all on Chris 
todays' Rih and Breezy's court hearing ahhhhh! wonder if she'll o.d and put it all on Chris 
Todays roadtrip: LA again. No family though 
Todays shift at work is 10:30 - 7:15  I called in the last time I was sposed to work those hours but no getting away from it now
Todays Show in Leechburg dropped as well as the 20th  but the 26th is still on!
Today's Sinfest is FTW == Squigley Swine Flu!  poor him. #swineflu http://tinyurl.com/cq2ph5
Today's storm has taken some of the heat out of the air. Happy for now, but mildly fearful of the coming summer. I may die... 
Today's the big day for the iPhone update in the UK.  Not ready yet though 
Todays the day! Countdown is over!  don't worry i'll have another one soon lol
Todays the day...  This should be fun. 
today's the last day of school  im gonna miss you guys&lt;3 . paramore concert later.
Today's the last implementation  I want to do it again next weekend or something :p
Todays the special day: LIRR fare imcreases yay! 
Today's the worst day! 
Today's weather has been quite unstable the whole afternoon, I gotta admit. 
Today's weather is poop and there's nothing to do. 
Today's weather shine. and the night.... I can not sleep...Because of the lovely Yu-na!! zz~ English is a difficult 
Today's weather TOTALLY reminds me of Forks, Washington weather!!!! ........ Does that make me a loser? 
Todays Weather... RAIN 
Today's yoga session didn't do much to improve my increasing grouchy-ness.  Normally it makes me feel much sunnier. Blah 
todayy was the last dayy of skool 
Toddler drowns in pond  http://tinyurl.com/kmdtdh This is so very sad. 
toddler is throwing a knock down tantrum. pulled my hair &amp; scratched my face. WTH??? out of no where.  
someone find me a gf 
Someone follow @collin_davis. It's sad. He only has one follower 
someone follow me! 
someone follow me.      
someone follow me.  no one wants to follow me. loozers.
Someone found someone else. I guess it wasnt meant to be 
Someone fucking opened my barn gate and took all my pigs. Fuck my life 
Someone gave me a biscotti that tastes like it has freezer burn and they won't leave so now I think I am obligated to eat the whole thing 
Someone get @OGVENOE a heart 
someone get me an iPhone. 
Someone get my a sandwich for a $1.  
someone get on iChat  ... @lowz left me talking to myself
Someone give me a cure for night terrors...i Cant shut My eyes without havin 1  not even naps...goin on a wk now.
Someone go shopping with meeee. I made money last night and I need good clothes for Tennessee. 
someone go to the @cherrytreerec chat and chat with me I am so bored 
Someone got hit by a car at the corner of Commonwealth and Glebe. Hope it wasn't a kid, but I think it was. 
Someone got hurt at Liverpool street   http://twitpic.com/6eeuw
Someone got off the bus too early. 
someone got strawberry in my mint chocolate chip  and you were right scooping this ice cream does suck!
Someone hacked into my account!!!  Thanks for the heads up Christian!!!
Someone hacked my facebook . Now im bummed 
someone hacked my myspace  tell me why this always happens to me....
Someone has jumped off the bridge on the parkway, doesn't look good as  they have been laid in the road for 10 mins covered up. 
Someone has stolen my (supposed to be) new bank's name!  This ruins my naming system.  
someone has to know 
Someone has too much lotion or perfume on    making me sick to my stomach. Blah
Someone have skype, I downloaded it for myspace, but its not working  I have 0 contacts, never felt more lonely. Haha
Someone help me decide whether to do art or not 
Someone help me figure out how not to suck at this game!  http://www.foddy.net/Athletics.html
someone hit me up on aim then signed off  imhurt
Someone in my office is playing the Shoes song really loud...it took months to get that out of my head, now it's back  These shoes rule!
Someone in UNITED ARAB EMIRATES didn't like Pyramid Solitaire Deluxe http://bit.ly/VxR6q  
Someone in UNITED STATES didn't like The Game http://bit.ly/1tlFl  
Someone in UNITED STATES didn't like Totem Destroyer http://bit.ly/Bv3DG  
Someone in UNITED STATES didn't like Unlock The Locker http://tinyurl.com/caya6v 
someone iron for me please 
Someone is being noisy in the parking lot..  Trying to sleep. Heading to St. Augustine in the AM.
someone is flooding my server 
someone is going....it's @carlaneedsjb 
someone is really sucking the bandwidth at the @verk office 
Someone is sensitive  oooooooo
Someone is still taking a nap &amp; not helping--&amp; it ain't me! I'm in the home office &amp; feel trapped. So much to do; so little time. Yikes! 
someone jacked my basketball 
Someone jacked my chair  lol
someone just asked me if I was a graduate 
Someone just asked where 300 south was. I instinctfully replied &quot;between 299 and 301 south.&quot; Who me, an asshole? Yeah 
Someone just bought the domain i planned on buying yesterday damn 
Someone just called me ma'am 
Someone just called me ma'am. I'm not even 18 yet! Do i look old? Lol 
Someone just got disqualified for sending in multiple entries. 
someone just phoned... and instead of getting up to see who it was, i logged into MSN to see if Crysta was online to tell me 
Someone just said they hated Resident Evil 5 because it &quot;wasn't nearly as scary as Resident Evil 4&quot;.  ...RE4 was also not scary. period. 
Someone just scractched our Benz.  To all haters n green-eyed monsters, i don't know how ya'll can sleep at night.
Someone just sent me $1.00 via PayPal But PayPal charged me a $0.33 fee And that only left me with $0.67  But thank you for sending the $
Someone just tried to steal my car and a neighbors.  glad i have an alarm!
Someone kill me, i want to sleep  i'm glad it's nearly the summer but it's going to be late nights soon i think.
Someone left their entire front bumper on the I-5 exit ramp on 520. Ouch! 
someone looks abit dashing in pink, shame hes talking though  http://twitpic.com/86xwf
Someone make me a cofffeeeeeee......  
someone make me an iced caramel machiato please 
someone make me some dinner please.... please, anyone 
Someone needs to bequeath unto me the secrets of Twitter. plz? 
Someone needs to green mile this sickness out of me, its making me mad, I just want to celebrateee.. 
someone needs to make me breakfast!! 
Someone nicked one of my books from the degree show! Who would do such a thing?!  http://tumblr.com/xht1ytybk
Someone ordering Girls Gone Wild videos on my card.  Glad they gave me all my money back. Now to wait for my new card 
Someone pack for me pls! Took a nap barely doing laundry now whomp whomp 
Someone peed in the mystic trashcan AGAIN!!!  Oh HELL NO!!!!!  So done 
Someone please bring me damn ice cream! I'm dying here  haha
someone please explain to me why I went to be at 3 am, when I knew I had to be somewhere at 6 am 
someone please find a way for codykins to get me my boat tickets 
SOMEONE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!  
Someone please help this tshirt and jeans person. Go dress shopping with me 
someone please lock up @MissJahan she keeps jinxing me..... 
someone please make news to knock Jon+Kate off magazine covers! Even EW has stooped so low. I'm almost ready for Speidi again 
Someone please message me. I have no one to talk to on here 
Someone please put up season 5 episode 2 of Kathy Griffins show, I really wanna see it, I'd buy it on Itunes but need an american account 
someone please remind me of the upcoming investment paper! i need inspiration 
someone please take me to see Street Dreams tonight...I have no car 
Someone please talk to me, I'm sooo lonely, LOL  blafollette@hotmail.com
someone pleaseeee take me to the hint's afterparty! 
someone pleease help me compute fourier series coefficients!!! 
Someone pour water on my mac and now it won't work 
Someone put a bag of coffee beans in the fridge up against my lunch and now my whole lunch smells. (Coffee makes me nauseous.) Me=cranky 
Someone put baby birds on our driveway on a towel . . . I wish I could transform myself into a Momma bird so I could take care of them. 
Someone quick, put me out of my mizeryyy 
Someone really piss me off. I hate the people who like to speak ills behind me 
Someone said Muzza is here but I think they were lying   Lol @ Cuevas serve-volleying, he's actually hit some nice ones.
Someone save me from learning about church history..  it's beyond boring..
Someone save me!!! The freakin dog won't stop farting!!! My poor room stinks 
Someone save me? 
Someone send me 'who are you now' - this prov. I can't get the whole album,only the bonus tracks    louiise-x@live.co.uk   ty(:
Someone seriously does not want me to play video games ever again. 
someone set my ringtone to hannah montanna and it went off while i was in sainsburys today so loud - so embarresing! 
Someone shoot me. Plz 
someone should be at a Scottish Festival today, but it isn't  such is life
someone should totally give me a massage right now,my back hurts sooo bad now  i wish i never hurt my back waaay back in the day lol
Someone smashed a window and robbed my sister's yoga studio last night. 
Someone smells  not happy. Its too early for random smells. Lol. I'll throw up on em that'll teach em to wash.
Someone somewhere didn't like Bubblingo http://bit.ly/1UDbb  
Someone somewhere didn't like Slidon http://bit.ly/icbfj  
someone speak to me I'm bored 
someone spraypainted my car w/ a long pink stripe last night. vandalism. sad. I hate people. wonder if it could even be removed 
someone stained my carpet with blue jelly.. sucks 
Someone stole all of my good shorts from the laundry room today and im just now noticing...this sucks big time 
someone stole marlboro lights from my back pocket last night. 
Someone stole my bike  WTF? Are we 12 years old?!?
Someone stole my cat 
someone stole my iphone lastnight!  im devastated  i cant beleive people are like that man! seriously!
Someone stole my new laptop at the airport. haven't even used it. Guess the US economy is breeding a new set of &quot;opportinists&quot; 
someone stole my only shoes - need to replace them later on today. Sucks man 
Someone stole my whiteboard marker  
someone stole ny cell phone 
someone stop follow me 
Someone take me home 
someone take me to europe, please please please 
Someone take me to new york 
someone take me to see demi lovato on july 6   
Someone take me to the dream/keri hilson concert tmrw 
someone talk to me  x
Someone talk to me.  besides you.
Someone talk to me? 
someone talk to mee  danii*(:
someone tell me the first day of detox is the hardest... because today was beyond hard 
Someone tell Sulka to read the uservoice emails  Can't get into beta still
someone threw a rock through our Sanctuary window &amp; now I'm waiting (at 9:45pm) at the church for police &amp; a glass company to show up 
Someone tied my shoelaces together when I was sitting down.  So not cool.  
Someone told me today that I was a sexy mexican........ I'm el salvadorian 
someone transport me to california.... unff  soon.
someone treat me to some coffee!! I'm broke 
Someone use some will powers and give me a FireWire 400 to 800 cable right now please! I'd even accept an adapter. 
Someone very close ruined the magic behind the Dos Equis most interesting dude.  
Someone visit my bench @ Arch Street Meeting House. I'm lonely. 
someone wake me up when the epic bradam tweets start. my tinhat is going all sadface without them. 
someone wanna go to pampa for me instead? I have money to make here!!! 
Someone wanna open a laura ashley card?  so I cn gt some incentives 
Someone want to give me 15.000 for the McFly Concert? 
someone want to tell me why i'm so close to crying? 
Someone wants me to help in a o/s comp that doesn't allow slash. That's a deal breaker for me 
Someone was kind enough to drop off the Watchtower &amp; Awake magazines on my door today!  Thanks John Beckman,,, my mom gave him my address 
someone write my teamwork reflective piece for me PLEASE... its killing me 
Someoneeee loan me 60$ to fix my tireeee. 
someoneeee text me! so bored 
Someones boat just sank in lakeport  im gonna go get in the shower and get ready. Cant wait to see what God has in store for us today 
Someone's got reeealy bad menopause :\ I wanna get out of this house 
Someones house/car alarm is going off and its fucking loud as fuck! 
Someone's name will be suspend... 
Someone's nicked my sunglasses off my desk 
SOMEONES VIDEO IS TAKING FOREVER 
something ... you created?? do ya wonder why? is it the artwork ... or whatever it may be you have created? or is it Price?   do people ..
Something about Julian Smith...something about socks.... @GrafittiMySoul I forgot too 
Something about my new job: I'm constantly nervous that I'll do something wrong and get fired. It's so freaking stressful! 
something bad happened to my motorcycle today on the way home...  now its parked in Chilli's parking lot 
Something bit me twice. Now im really itchy 
Something bit my forehead in my sleep  just in time for weekend, how sweet of them.
Something bit my nose 
something bit the bottom of my big toe and it hurrrrrrts 
something bite me 
Something bout twitter doesnt feel rite 
something came up and can't make it to shadow dancer tonight  round 2: jokers of the scene tomorrow
something gone wrong with my system. file icons of associated programs missing??? 
Something good come on tv 
Something happened to my friend's armm.. Asking what happened 
Something has bitten me! I've got an stiff, swollen pinky!  not cool!
Something has clearly got up my nose this morning!! Not good, need to stop sneezing! My patience is wearing very thin indeed... 
Something I ate at wedding 1 made me sick and now I feel like HELL... the pain is keeping me awake. H e l p. 
Something in my house is causing an impromptu sinus headache and stuffy nose. Just as I was about to go out biking, too 
Something is burning 
Something is definetly missing........ 
Something is f*ckin wrong with my PC. Android has been compiling whole night and it's still on same point  depressing
Something is on my mind &amp; now I can't sleep...actually several somethings. So much for 7:30am teleconf call w/ NYC team. Need off switch 
Something is really wrong with my hand/wrist 
Something is seriously wrong with my brain... Just passed my own house. 
something is so wrong with my throat right now, I can't swallow or gulp or yawn without excruciating pain  I don't know why!!!!
Something is technically wrong with twitter. Guess I'll wait til they fix it 
something is wrong with ep 5 of #cobrahcam.tv  it wont let me download it or watch it 
Something is wrong with my conputer 
something is wrong with my digital camera 
Something is wrong with my dog.  I can't put my finger on it, but he's not right...  #fb
Something is wrong with my dogs paw. 
Something is wrong with my internet at home 
something is wrong with my stomach 
Something is wrong with twitter again..over capacity 
something mellow for my saturday night - i gots ta work in the morning...  ? http://blip.fm/~7c9ax
Something more reasonable, how about we invent something to make cat pee not smell so damn awful and impossible to remove? 
Something needs to be done to prevent foreign investments on our housing market.... less inventory in the market 
Something on my T.V is going on about a black out. All it reminds me of is the past week &amp; how much I loved it &lt;3 
Something smells like poopy and I don't like 
something strange is going on...i want to get out of the house. sucks not having a car anymore 
Something stupid just happened a few mins ago. I spilled my nail polish all over my leg, foot, bean bag and floor 
Something that will never happen closes off some of the infinite possible futures you could have. 
something weird happened in vegas and only part of the cpmv uploaded...dont know why will have to remake cpmv 
something wrong with my firefox 
Something wrong with my hand 
Something wrong with my speakers  Suddenly, my favorite music no longer sounds good. Ah, the importance of a good sound system...
Something wrong with twitter ...... 
something/someone is definitely missing 
Somethings are just so not fair ! &gt;.&lt; It is so perfect. and I cant have it . 
Something's up with my hip. It fucking hurts to walk. 
Somethings wrong with my puppy. Please pray for him 
Somethings wrong with my puppys leg and IDK what it is 
Somethings wrong with my Twinkleeeeee!! 
Somethings wrong. . . It won't go away. .  make it stop. . .  trying to sleep but my body can't seem to stop itching [4.20babyy!] ;)&lt;3
Sometime my twitter friends make me wish I was with someone who loved me 
sometimes a 10 minutes task will take more than an hour to complete, for me, that sometime is today 
Sometimes being a mother sucks and I hate it. How horrible is that  - Aweful, Southern Ocean
sometimes decisions are hard... but I hope they are for the best. 
sometimes hates being in the navy cuz now i have to head back before enjoying tallahassee 
Sometimes i am sooo good...othertimes i am not 
Sometimes I cry so hard from pleading 
sometimes I feel like all that I do is brush out handicapped parking signs 
sometimes i feel so lucky, but i also feel like what matters most to me could disappear at any moment 
sometimes i forget my favorite porn stars are real people too. @bobbyclarkxxx made orange chicken last night and cut his finger off! sad! 
sometimes i hate being a grown up...i just want to go play  outside 
Sometimes I hate being home where my moms frikin mouth runs faster than my internet 
Sometimes I hate em but I know I love him....   
Sometimes I hate having to choose even when its an easy choice. 
sometimes I hate having two days off in a row.  I come back to work having to do damage control. 
Sometimes I hate living so far out in the country.   I need club soda and our dinky store doesn't have it.
sometimes I hate people who actually get to spend time with thier significant others 
Sometimes I have a pillow and sometimes I don't 
sometimes i just don't know why people have to talk in a bitter way, why?  sighs .. that make me think i don't even want to talk to them 
Sometimes I just have to expect they might not feel the same way 
Sometimes I just really don't wanna be a grown up..  Childhood went far too quickly.
Sometimes I miss my friends from before... But that time is gone, trust gone 
Sometimes I really feel like I don't even matter...  - http://bkite.com/08GcM
Sometimes I really hate computers... Trouble shooting for the last 3 hours, formatted and everything. Finally fixed. Format wasn't needed 
Sometimes I really wish I had a best friend here :/ Why do they live in different parts of the state or world? Feeling a little lonely 
Sometimes I think about jacking the whole thing in, moving somewhere new and starting a little business of our own. But need capital. 
Sometimes I think she's faking sick 
sometimes I think the on thing I want most in life isn't just going to turn up on my doorstep one day 
sometimes i want to delete those americans on myspace who have met the maine a zillion times 
sometimes i was missing him 
Sometimes I wish @KennyLowe hadn't stolen all the brain cells in the world so I could have one 
Sometimes I wish I could Save You.  :'-( http://plurk.com/p/12n13n
Sometimes i wish i didn't have to go home during sundays. Ugh. News from iran are getting more worryng tho 
Sometimes I wish I was a kid again...cause skinned knees r easier 2 fix then broken hearts!!  {*GOOBERIFIC*} http://tinyurl.com/mafr28
Sometimes I wish I was a warden 
sometimes i wish i was made of money! 
sometimes i wish i were like phineas and ferb... always getting ideas on what to do 
Sometimes I wish life could be a fairy tale 
sometimes i wish that i could change time to save the ones i love. 
sometimes i wish things could go back to the way they were the beginning of last summer 
Sometimes I wish you were more nocturnal.  
Sometimes I wonder how I was able to beat Rainbow Six: Vegas. This game is BRUTAL. 
Sometimes in life turns to be a spider web  and it makes me think that will my dreams ever come true??Is there any hope?
sometimes it feels like your ipod is your only BFF  I really need to talk to someone... Monchix could be a great option!!
Sometimes it sucks to be right!  Well done Chelsea though. Pleased for Guus
Sometimes its hard to drop my son off. . . 
sometimes it's just best for me to stay curious  rather than find out the bitter truth
Sometimes london can be such a sad, annonymous, tragic place 
sometimes my sister scares me.....really really scares me 
Sometimes PayPal gives me a headache. 
Sometimes perfect is just not good enough for some people 
sometimes piano teachers really.really.really suck  put me in bad mood only wah lau
sometimes spam leaks in to the message board. 
sometimes the desire to have someone to depend on is so overwhelming its painful 
Sometimes the fact of mortality just gets up and punches you hard in the guts. 
Sometimes the People are strange 
sometimes the thoughts of the bad things that have happened come back into my head. Feeling guilty but knowing it's not my fault. 
sometimes the today show gets me choked up...idk why 
Sometimes there just seems to be too many food choices... and I want them all... hate having to decide 
Sometimes things just get so hard 
Sometimes twitter makes me mad, changed my picture and now it's gone  can't place a new one. Come on little bird...
sometimes u just want to feel the urge to want to cry.... 
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much for them.   
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much for them. Off to learn for my bio test on Monday 
Sometimes when everyone else sucks entirely, I realize how much I love and miss my old friends like crazy 
Sometimes when people try to make things easier, they are really only making things more difficult.  Poop. 
Sometimes you find people , you think they care about you but in reality they relly don't . state of mind : disappointed 
Sometimes you have to work even when you're sick  Especially when you work from home... there's no sick days.
sometimes you just have to trust the people you love and sometimes you get let down 
Sometimes you made the right choice, but turns out it is a specious decision 
Sometimes you're walking home from work in the morning and you see a used hypodermic needle on the sidewalk. 
sometimes, all you can do is eat junk food, watch a chick flick, and cry.  i don't want to go home on friday 
Sometimes, food just sucks  
sometimes, guys, my job seriously makes me want to die. like. death. .kill myself. dead liz.  seriously  they should pay me more
sometimes, i feel like i work soo hard for nothing  i feel like a whale.. but yet been going to the gym.. UGH.. 
sometimes, i just fail as a sister. i am sorry. 
Sometimes, I just wish they made The Sims 2 better, without making The Sims 3. I'm sorry. I'm going to hell for saying that. 
Sometimes, time slips by without you noticing 
Sometimes... i feel like i'm a ghost, i just wish people relize me 
Sometimes... we miss a lot someone. 
sometimes..life isn't fair 
SOMEWHERE A RING IS DEARLY MISSING ME....   
Somewhere in the world right now the sun is shining and people are busy...but not here 
son is sick... hoping i do not lose my job. 
Son of a Bitch I cannot sleep 
Son of a bitch! Damn this game makes me so angry... There go my points. 
son of a bitch! i go to sign into xbox, and my membership expired. damnit. there goes another $50 
Son of a Bitch!!! One game I HAD on my iPhone I bought on sale for .99 now it's 4.99!! I am so pissed! I don't wanna pay that much.... 
Son pee'd on our duvet this morning.   
Son went to sleep 2 hours late last night. Still woke up and  got us up at 6am. 
Song stuck in head: Past the Point of No Return. As far as Stuck-In-Head songs go, it's a good one, but duetting with myself sucks. 
song writing fail. 
Songbird messed up my music collection 
Songs I'm not liking today...kiss me thro the fone and we made you ..no thanks 
sonia ! why are you soo sad ?!  sorry i'm all late but better late than never thats what i always say. haha. cheer up mi waffle ! (: ily !
Sonic and the Black Knight is pretty sweet so far, but my arm hurts. 
sonny and cher(blaynes bunnies) are both gone... 
Sonofabitch! I forgot about TWICON!! Aah! damn it. i wanted to see the marcus foster and bobby long performance. damn. have to miss out. 
Sony have just won 
Sony press event at #E3 happened. Lots of amazing new games, a weird new PSP, a motion (wii) wand, and no 3D   http://bit.ly/quOto
Sony vegas is soo low  but still love it ^^
soo .. roberts leaving in a week ad a half ad I dont want him to 
soo bord   Don;t feel like sleeping....any ideas of wat i shud do?
soo bored  mainly lonely *hugs self*
Soo bored at work  today is going to be SUCH a long day. 930 to 530 at feet first, 6 till close at the bar. Gay!
Soo bored I just cleaned up half the house! Waiting on the arrival of my first meal 
soo bored omg. i don't want to learn abt buddhism anymore. 
soo bored someone amuse me! 
soo bored work tomorrow  richys back on monday tho canne wait need a hug so badly !! xxxxx
SOO bummed about jon &amp; kate   I was really hoping they'd make it work.. maybe they'll get back together after they get their junk together
soo burnt  junior in 2 days wow im fuckeeedd!
soo didnt really get much sleep! With all the aftersun on i kept stickin to the sheets 
Soo effing hot out 
SOO EXCITED ABOUT SEEING THE SURGEON TOMM but helllllaa nervous!  wish me luckkkk o
Soo excited for paramore wed!! But dentist tomorrow 
SOO exhausted, from the day today ;), cooking for 3 hours   !!!
soo fucking stressed out...I think I could possibly lose it 
Soo full of msg  but it was sooo tasty   http://myloc.me/HKR
soo full...plane for home leaves tomorrow 
soo good that the storm always comes when i'm at home alone  the thunder is so formidable..
soo hated !  i have five followers  ...
Soo hot last night!couldn't sleep 
Soo hungover today 
Soo hungry. Why can't every day be saturday? 
Soo hungry... But not much choice this late. 
SOO hungry...but TOO lazy to get up off my @rse n make something or even look for the take away menu... 
Soo I won't be moving in until july 15th now  but my Birthday is the 17th sob that's my present to myself lol
soo I'm going to bed early..tomorrow long day at school..urghh  I DONT WANT TO GO ...goodnight (:
Soo im pretty sure that @bella_kronlein isnt getting any of my text messages for some reason!!! 
Soo ive become a insomniac! The worst 
soo much homework    Maths, German and an essay! xx
soo much work to do. but all i want to do is sleep. 
Soo nervious!! I end up in hospital!!! 
soo sad  also sad that ill be in Greece for the first chelsea game of the season [15th august] so will have to find a sports bar over ther
Soo sleepy, doing laundry takes a lot of energy  tenang ayang selama kamu hamil aku yg nyuci baju, hehehe. Nite tweeties, see you tomorrow
Soo stressed! 
soo swole right noww 
Soo the movie chinatown was kinda boring. I'm disappointed.  now i'm just listening to music getting ready for bed. Gonna pray for mic ...
soo tired  babysitting today from 3-? may have to go to a late movie...
soo tired  goodnight xoxo
soo tired ... a lot of work  xoxo
Soo tired ... Why am I up so early .. It's only 9:50 
Soo tired and feeling sick  I guess the 2 hour sleep Olive and I got didn't help either. Working till 7 
Soo tired and i dont feel well. Someone work for me 
soo tired but i gotta do homework  sadface
Soo tired from the awards last night.  Have EQAO test this morning  wish me luck
Soo tired right now....and I had 10 hours sleep  So pumped for Evermore tonight!!!! XD
Soo tired today  I don't wanna revisee :/
Soo tired! Feel worn out. Want to go to sleep but gotta go back out 
soo tired! was up at half four calling an ambulance for my mum! 
soo tired, can't sleep. For sure don't wanna go to the ortho today. 
Soo tired. McHubby came home last night....yeah!!! but 2 hour delay.....yawn!! so sleepy 
Soo tired. Poor Coley getting his wisdom teeth out. 
Soo tired. Woke up 36 minutes late but still made it to work on time. I don't understand lol. Yayy for 13hr dayyy 
soo tired.. -.-' but it was so much fun.. i hope our crew won't break up so soon..  i love you people..
soo tired..cant stop eating 
Soo tirreeeedd 
Soo today sucks bye bye paycheck u were nice to hold for no more than 24 hours 
soo upset i cant sleep.   
soo wishing I could be at the French Open....not this year 
Soo, i miss  Boy meets world. 
Soon as the players get here they gone turn my Mary off to listen to rap 
soon it will be year since france  with my favourites
Soon to be on a plane bound for home   Why do holidays go so fast?? 
soon to be the owner of only one snake.  the adoptive parents are on their way to get tulip 
sooo add me on my new myspace my bf deleted it  haha  http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&amp;friendid=482419157
sooo annoyed  by CHurA {{my dog}} she keeps barking like cra zy...... 
sooo booored, not sure what I should do 
Sooo bored at work 
Sooo bored exams finishe on monday and now there is nothing to do :/ 
Sooo bored of coll work 
sooo bored right now 
Sooo bored sooo sleepy y he hasn't call me back yet ahh 
sooo bored wish i could go out 
sooo bored with a mojor headache.... I gotta work tonight, EH... the puppy barked and screamed all night long  i slept about 3 hours 
sooo bored! nothing good to watch 
sooo bored...wish andrew would come up but decided to procrastinate homework so now he cant come cuddle 
sooo bored.my toe still hurts 
sooo cold! 
Sooo cold. 
sooo craving for some wine &amp; pizza.... dayum this 2 week plan 
Sooo cute!  http://www.apple.com/trailers/disney/toystory3/ Don't know if I can wait a year though 
sooo damn soree 
Sooo disappointed in chronicle.com's biased news reporting.  why do I continue to be shocked?
Sooo freakin tired cant believe it. Need to get a better sleeping pattern goin 
sooo freaking bored... I want the holidays to come.. i don't want to go to QS practice on monday and tuesday. 
sooo gutted im not gonna be on twitter for the bgt hype  works a let down.. jordan gina lo and lauren r gonna have to live without me haha
Sooo haaard ! I got headache for this test..  I want its over soon.
sooo happy ;but its rainning WHY???? 
Sooo happy to be home but it's bittersweet because my wife, son and dog aren't here 
Sooo happy today's the last day of classes, I wanted to wear my shorts but it's raining &amp; kinda cold. 
sooo hot &amp; burnt! big exam tomoro  followed by the sats :-D! x
sooo hot here in London.... nice warm weather outside, 22deg, and hot in the office... Can't believe it's raining in Romania 
Sooo hot in H-Town!!! Yesterday was 106 degrees and we may reach the same today 
sooo hungry   another great day for working  God is good
sooo hungry and seems like this class will NEVER end. 
sooo hungry wit no appite 
Sooo hungry.. but not going to eat anything.. its 12.45am... and its too hot.. but I got tons of email to reply to and write 
Sooo I feel as though a weight has been lifted off my shoulders! No more musical  but it was fun while it lasted and I loved every moment!
Sooo I totally have a crush on Jamba juice guy. But he's gay  ughhhh so jelous
Sooo I'm at the corner of where I used to live  brings back lots of MEMORIES....
Sooo I'm definitely drivin to get my niece's graduation dress... :-/ shoes are gonna be there ugh! Yall kno how I do 
SOOO Im moving 
sooo i'm up now. still hella tired. gotta wash my uniform and attempt to locate my tilt in my rooom  I can't find it
sooo im without a car at the moment  buT i do get to spend the day w/ my sis about to make her go places with me cuz im already BORED!
Sooo its a bootiful sunday, my first proper sit down in  week, then tomorrow back to reality   But heyy i get to see my mateys 
Sooo it's really sucks how there is absolutely no food in my house. Someone should bring me some! I'm too poor. 
sooo jealous of the hills girls 
sooo jealous of you guys!!!! and seriously dad? 11 o'clock isn't day time!!! i wanted to sleeeeeeep.  hehe.
Sooo manual labor is HARD!! I'm not a painter! Ugh... I stop getting paid in 20 minutes but I'll probably be here another 2 hours! 
sooo many replies abt the fruit in the ass thing LOL u guys r funny. 2 long of a story 2 tell in 140chars 
sooo misses her gryphons!! and dorm room 
sooo much homework 
Sooo much soccer. Gaaah. Soccer: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Tourny Friday, Sunday. And Tourny Last Weekend! I'm so sore. 
Sooo much work to dooo 
Sooo my pic is no longer show on my Icon...  awww Twitter ... In classs hooray...
Sooo need to finish the Castro Patrol newsletter 2day. It's like overdo homework. 
sooo nervous for my root canal 
Sooo no hangover today  Majority rules: the new denzel movie... I already know its gonna be good cuz denzel's in it lol
sooo not feeling good today - at all 
sooo pissed susan boyle didnt win 
sooo poor its crap need money for the weekend 
sooo sad  dont ask what happend but something did happen oh jesus help me now and fast!!!!! ahhhh (going to new york in october!!!!)
sooo sad #asylm is over now! Wish it could be longer  this weekend has been amazing. Thanks rogue team!!
sooo screwed for this exam 
sooo sick  recooperating! dont feel good
Sooo sick of school , and really upset about not going to the dance  Going too town after school with Max (:
sooo sick, do I haveta work 2-morrow??  I know the answer to this one... 
sooo sleepy. first night I have felt completely relaxed in like....2 months. except for the pounding head 
sooo somebody Tweet @ me .. im BORED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
sooo stressed and kinda depressed 
sooo that whole going to sleep thing isnt working out for me tonight :/ im super R E S T L E S S dont like it  i need my hubbs
sooo tired  going to Tartu today . yayyyy ;D
sooo tired  hope i can go to robins play with @judifer !!
sooo tired again  on msn and bebo just now xox
sooo tired and has been getting headaches and dizzy flashes alll day 
Sooo tired today  burning candle at both ends is fun... Up to a point! :-p early night and fix myself tonight. More productive tomorrow..
Sooo tired! But lets go Jesus! Sunday service  i miss home church (trinity)  love yall
Sooo tired! Cant tweet that much anymore cos of skool &amp; such.. 
Sooo Tired! Getting up in the morning sucks 
Sooo tired! Got back from filming with S@N in the early hours and there was a bright NLC display going on. 3rd all-nighter in 4 days 
sooo tired! I got donuts this morning, but not enough 
sooo tired! i love you no school monday, however tuesday is in my bad books 
sooo tired! off to work, then get keys to the new house, then work again 
sooo tired! stupid thunderstorm kept me up all night 
sooo tired, getting ready for work!  11-5, than homework
sooo tired, I wish I had time for a nap before work 
sooo tired. feel a bit rough anol  good night but 
Sooo tired. Nice (crappy) long day at work and I'm waking up nice and early for a repeat. I only work until 4 though 
sooo tired. projects 
sooo tired. want to go to bed. 
Sooo tired..  But form sleepover soon  Cant wait ! Its gonna be so fun !
sooo tireddd! me go nuh-nights noww! muma was sick 2nite so I played nurse for her. she had 2 go to nite shift-poor mum 
sooo upset.. wish i was going to see @JesseMcCartney tonight  this sucks majorly. gah!
Sooo Vegas did a number on me! im sick with a fever of 104. Partying hard def has conseqences 
Sooo wait, The Secret Handshake is coming to SF, but not with LYLT. boooo.  I still kind of want to go......anyone interested?
Sooo wish BHB was in Ft. Myers right now!! 
Sooo, I'm in miramesa with nahthing to dooo  txt me.
sooo, i'm liking the haircut, but i bought confessions of a shopaholic and the subtitles SUCK! 
Sooo... finished preperations for my Dutch oral tomorrow. Now have to study Geography  I hate Geography.
sooo.... Hot in here hufff..... 
Sooo...I didn't tear my rotator cuff but I did dislocate my shoulder  I should feel better in 3 weeks hopefully sooner ;)
sooo...i found real west virginia, new york, new jersey, kentucky drama in my cell phone texts...pretty sad. 
Sooo...I STILL haven't found a place 2 stay n PR  ANY SUGGESTIONS?!??! also-I NEED places 2 see in Old San Juan...DM ur reply ;-)
Sooo...I'm having a house warming with the game on...how &quot;man&quot; like of me....but this game is just so embarrassing 
Sooo...one day on the beach and i am completely fried. 
sooo...the call by regina spektor is really good but no one will listen to it sen I play it 
soooo bitter at @jonasbrothers cause I can't upload my penn and shia pics 
soooo bored  want somethin 2 do every1 is at oasis....
Soooo bored at work its unreal 
Soooo bored at work! I want to leave 
soooo bored now I have nothing to do 
soooo bored today want to be at home doing stuff not sat in work doing nothing  
Soooo bored!!! There's nothin on tv and no-ones replyin to me on msn or twitted 
SOoOo disappointed in the Cavaliers tonight where was the defense????? 
soooo don't want to go to class tomorrow 
Soooo early. And there's no light until the end of a very long tunnel. Damn busy weekends! 
soooo exhausted 
soooo fed up with revising! and it's too damn hot in here 
Soooo Fucking Sleepy   I want my bed, and my Rabbit from @janine213 who stole it... UGH.  I want my &lt;3 @davewesleep NOW.
SOOOO grossed out by the waterbug I just saw. And it scurried away before I could kill it.  wtf did it come from?
Soooo Gutted Susan didn't win!  Diversity were good tho!
soooo happy for my best frienddd! yay well done!... now get your phone fixed  xoxo
soooo hot...uncomfortable...wish it would rain...ah lovely MI weather 
Soooo hungover  Never drinkn again!!!
SOOOO HUNGRY RIGHT NOW 
soooo i definitely slipped on the stairs as i was trying my hardest to be careful...my elbow and my ass hurt...n my big toe got a lil cut 
soooo i totally just watched jon and kate plus eght, lets just say next week it will be called jon + 4 and kate + 4 hahahahah, its so sad 
Soooo im like the only one on my list who is twittering  it saddens mee 
soooo its suppose to be stormy, but i wanna wear a dress 
SOOOO loudry my neighboring people 
Soooo many bills soooo little money.....    
soooo maybe rum isnt my thing.  a least i help clean up my own sick.  sorry holli.
soooo much cleaninggggg  uhh will it never end?
Soooo much homework 
soooo muchhh cleaninggg 
soooo nice outt wish i lived near a beach 
soooo not happy that it is monday 
SOOOO Ready for Vacation!! PTO on 6/12 still wanna go to Vegas 
soooo sad the finals are over  I hate the Lakers
soooo sean . attempted to take photo of just me :] but failed cos my cameras dead 
soooo sleepy but it's too late to nap 
soooo sleepy! but cant sleep on the job  oh well..
soooo sleepy.  no more late-night lips of faith &amp; cowboy queso for me! I want my bed!
soooo sleepy. but dw it's not all my fault the doc gave me sum meds and it's their fault. i'll b betta soon. 
Soooo sore from roofing. Guess that means no Silver Comet ride today. 
soooo tied, just wanna zzzzzz but can't 
soooo tired ... going to sleep w/ a sunburn  not fun
SOOOO tired! Just wanna sleep , but the lil one is insanely SICK!!!  so sleep is impossible to get!
Soooo tired! My nose has stopped whistling. I'm slightly sad as I had just learnt 'crack a bottle' on it  David Dickinson is an umpa lumpa
Soooo tired. This is gonna be a long day. I should have brought a whole pot of coffee to work with me. 
Soooo tired. Was up til 4:30 with Monica. And I can't even have coffee. DIET FAIL. 
Soooo tired...why must the wee man insist on getting up at 6 a.m. when I only went to be 4 hours earlier, plus got up and fed him?? 
Soooo tired...Zzzzz....So warm wit dis humid weather,hard 2 sleep!! 
soooo tireddddd work in like 8 hours 
Soooo very sad!  My heart aches 
soooo, it's kind of really bugging me that my picture is messed up. do i even have one? what's going on?  oh and i'm craving soup.
soooo, sitting in the dark and eating a fudge ice cream bucket?? yupppp 
soooo, today my mom didn't buy me this skateboard i wanted. she must not like me 
Soooo, uuuuh, what do I do if all the playlists on my iTunes got erased? 
Soooo. I feel like complete shit. And i wanna go home. 
soooo....my hair is 9 1/2 inches now. i wonder if i should cut 4 inches off. my hair grows too fast  i just cut it last week!
soooo...i leave in 2 days and i STILL have NO ROOM ASSIGNMENT!...am I going to be homeless for the next 6 months? 
SOOOOO angry @ ARCO &amp; the bank!! ugh 
sooooo angry right now! can't believe they lost 
Sooooo bomb ass COMPLIMENTARY breakfast was on point!!!.about to checkout from our Embassy Extravaganzz... sadness  Holla at me TWiGGaS!
Sooooo bored! I auditioned so many people today witch they were great but I've been up since 6:40 but I can go to sleep 
sooooo burned! apparently 40 mins in the sun is 40 mins too many.  
Sooooo disappointed that Conan is the top trending topic... but its not about Case Closed  #fail
sooooo effing irritated 
Sooooo I've decided to jus play wii music until it bores the hell outta me 
Sooooo many papers!!!!!! Poor trees 
sooooo not in the mood for work today 
Sooooo Sick.. doctors tomorrow morning   PRAYING that I am better for Alpha Gamma Delta's Formal this weeekend !!!!
Sooooo stressed 
sooooo tired, couldnt sleep. 
Sooooo tired. Had to go to the dentist this morning at 8  Now the sleepyness is kicking in!
Sooooo tired. Why can't I fall asleep 
Sooooo unprepared for English! =S This exam is going to be such a nightmare 
sooooo.....i just realized.......I'M HUNGRY 
soooooo all my plans for my thesis research have been rejected. 
soooooo bored there's noonw here, everyone's gone home for summer 
Soooooo dizzy  @ work can't do anything
Soooooo drunk....this means 1255 hrs aty the gym.. I could throw up 
Soooooo horrible nightmares of shootings at Arbys that jerk me out of sleep at 5 in the morning are NO FUN!  
soooooo hungry  wawawa ugh ....
soooooo my phone is broken smh so im not ignoring messages or calls i just cant get it 
Soooooo sad star trek IMAX was sold out  booooooooooooooooo. So I bought my ticket for tomorrow today!!!
Soooooo sunburnt... Ouch 
soooooo tired!  best start doing my jobs... then a work out.... do I really have to?!  YEAH!
Soooooo tired! I wish I could sleep in tomorrow!  instead I will be working a yard sale! Blah!
soooooo tired. work is sucking so busy. so i'll be home around 530 oh joy 
Soooooo tired...stayed up to review the footage of the boxcars.  Camera quit after 1:40:00 for some reason.  Long day tomorrow 
Sooooooo Bored  Got Stupid Homework To Do
Sooooooo bored in french........ 
sooooooo close to a 4 on the bio test..but so far away! 
SOOOOOOO I like these little candies that came form Japan, but i have no clue what they're called  
Sooooooo tired sleep for a few hrs before work ew 
Sooooooo tired.... it's been a long day.... where's the sun gone 
sooooooo upset that i missed Mitchel Musso and Drew Seeley's concert at Darien last night. You don't even understand. 
soooooooo bored at work  &amp; wants to be down the beach!!!
soooooooo manyy assessments, baaaah im tired 
Soooooooo tired. I have a English and geography exam today. I pretty much want to die right now 
sOOOOOOOOO bOred -_- o_O  lOOOOOOOOOOng vacatiOns, I miss everyone :-{
sooooooooo effing hungry 
sooooooooo sad, my dance talent teacher is leaving. 
sooooooooo tired and hugry 
Soooooooooo glad to learn that Farrells ice cream parlor is staging a comeback in So. Cal -- too bad it's in the Mission Viejo mall 
sooooooooooo god damn bored  what can i do??
sooooooooooooooooo      BORED!!!!!!!!!                no one is talkin'  to me  
soooooooooooooooooooooooo bored of physics 
Soooore *  Lol breakkkfastttttt pleaseeeee
Soothing thumb after it was vigerously bit yesterday by my mate and bruised badly 
Sophie has her shots and her kennel reserved...  I'm gonna miss my puppy when Im gone.
sophomore G :o hahaha. i wanna go to C or F 
Sophp is getting angry with me 
sopose to have a bbq today but is kind of rainy... I fell sad 
Sorcerer with a spear + zombie = both take about 4 hits to make any contact at all...  sorcerers need they magic in DnD...dang I'm a nerd
Sore and burnt from saturday! 
Sore and tired, I wish I could workout in the mornings 
Sore as hell my ass hurts my thighs hurt it hurts when i walk owwwww 
Sore as helllll... :/ Mothers day though. I'm not a mother... No presents. 
Sore back! 
sore back, blocked nose, frozenn ... not the best day so far  
Sore Back, Ouch! 
sore eyes are the worst thing 
sore foot  sore nose  lazy bones for the afternoon then creep graduates!
sore from hair to toe nails from cheerleading, cant even walk downstairs 
Sore from playing frisbee 
sore from soccer practice...uggh 
sore from Wii  walking around like a grandma.
Sore from yesterday's yard work 
sore head 
Sore head  gettin worse not better!!
sore head and back  bought a g-star hoodie to make me feel better 
Sore head cause these new glasses I think  Falling asleep...
sore knees again tonite ... dang winter weather 
Sore mouth  ut is only Wednesday and feels like it should be Friday. Kayakking on Saturday with my sisters for fathers day, can't wait
Sore shoulder  Will have to sit outside and burn vest mark onto other half of body today so I'm even.
sore stiff neck, can't think straight. Really not helping the revision! 
Sore stomach. I hate caffeine 
sore thoat  - _STORM_
Sore throat  But had fun meeting up with mommy and got a work briefcase bag! Mon - mal prac ins, resume work, writing sample, then rest!!
Sore throat  great way to start off my day *sarccasm*
Sore throat  in Island Lake, IL http://loopt.us/zBddsA.t
sore throat &amp; cough, family gathering on sunday made me sick 
Sore throat &amp; cough. Feels like razors 
sore throat = no recording rainy day = no fun 
sore throat again. gaaah. it hurts. 
sore throat and coughing 
sore throat and flu  no no no,i cannot be sick! FINAL TEST,FOR GOD'S SAKE!
Sore throat and runny nose gone.. now I got a cough 
Sore throat go away, come again another day! The flu has such bad timing! I need 3 more days! 
Sore throat just freakin great 
Sore throat makes it hard to sing 
sore throat sucks 
sore throat this morning...not a good time to get sick 
Sore throat today..  this weekend needs to come faster.
sore throat turned into no voice 
sore throat!! 
Sore throat, blocked nose, cold. What I go to school for? 
sore throat, boring, tired 
Sore throat, stomach feels funny.  At the office.  Yucko.   Wife also sick at home, but worse than I am.  Yay Monday.  
sore throat.. 
sore throat... a cold is coming 
Sore throat... congested.... coughing....  
Sore throat... Not feeling well 
sore throat...bed and lots of tea and water 
sore thumbs from playing patapon 2 
Sore today. Hurt my back lifting stupid cheese.  damn it.
sore tooth...heading to the dentist after work tomorrow 
sore tummy  guff weather .......suckky day suckey indeeed !
sore tummy + head 
SORE. Back from ortho, gotta go get a shot 
sorely disappointed  I miss my real friends and not who pretend to be
Sori 'Bout My Pic Guys xx 
sorry - gross idea 
sorry  maybe you got whatever tamara had?? or is it just tiredness...is that even a word? tiredness???
sorry .. although my big list on twit longer was better, it didn't put the names in people's replies, so not sure it counted 
Sorry @calfresh. No Street Fighter tee for you. 
sorry @dannymcfly you are following them now, my bad  well your not following @mcflyharry D:
sorry @frichiela and @margarethaudrey, my internet was disconnected, and when it connected, the MSN was having an error and need to close 
Sorry @laneyalexa . Got a party to go to in the morninn. 
Sorry @MTUB cannot make it tonight  one day, one day we will 'meet'
sorry @RodFuego! I didn't kno he wasn't gon perform 
sorry @sugarsnap, we're on bolt bus 
sorry @tjsmommy... wrong person   boss ladu is has another name yet to be determined...
Sorry @wplinks - one Retweet is just to many, and they're not even related or make sense. Unfollow 
Sorry 2 c everybody go but I could use a long nap!! Wrk 2marrow 
sorry 4 being such a baby about the AF thingy! but i just love that site so much! never thoguht that could happend to me 
sorry about not tweeting much yesterday but I'm sick 
Sorry about that  @brandondickey
sorry about the bad grammar http://twurl.nl/58kijc
sorry about the knee matt. maybe the long baths and cashews would help it heal quicker     
Sorry about the next two tweets just trying to get free stuff. 
Sorry about the screwy link.. it was working then not.. quirky 'puters 
sorry Actizzard but I still like EA more than you 
Sorry again..really bummed I can't update to 3.0 till Saturday 
sorry all my tweets lately have been about blog posts. we just haven't had cell phone service for any random updates 
Sorry all!  The site is down   We have already contacted our web host and they are troubleshooting the problem!
sorry all, im closing twitter down for a bit... having some problems i think are related to it 
Sorry all.Twitter Train has been sending out alot of spam from me. Changed my password so it shouldn't be happening anymore. Sorry! 
Sorry bethy 
sorry bout the last one....imeem slipped through  ? http://blip.fm/~6gbe0
Sorry Bro's for not replying to Direct messages...Troubles are a happening. 
Sorry but we're sold out of Tony Neale's amazing salad mix  More next week!
Sorry but you are unable to vote  how mean
Sorry can't make it tonight   @tkohackerspace  I will be there next week
sorry chinese, but i loved the climb - miley cyrus 
Sorry choco i forgot  love you?
sorry couldnt capture the stars 
Sorry couldnt make it back to #wcchicago today   Kid issues this morning   Have fun all!
sorry david archuleta i did not go to your consert 
sorry deejj they're gone  lol
sorry didn't realize it would DM everyone!  i thought i could pick who it sent to 
Sorry everybody that I was chatting with.  I was so mad cus I wanted to keep chattin.. Dayum computer!
Sorry everybody! Apparently Twitter isn't sending me my updates. 
Sorry everyone, no morning twitter link roundup today. There just hasn't been enough good links the last few days. 
Sorry everyone. My account was hacked 
sorry folks, looks like i was cut from Family Guy tonight. Hope you enjoyed it anyway. 
Sorry folks... Blip FM won't create the links  I can't &quot;serenade&quot; you this evening...
Sorry followers I've been scarce.. Just busy with work and personal stuff. Can't promise that I'll start soon tweeting more.  #Squarespace
Sorry for all the test folks....trying to figure something out between twitter and our facebook profile...still can't get it to work! 
Sorry for any delay in responding.... my Tweet update seems to be lagging 
Sorry for being MIA today, in kak at work so no tweeting for a while 
Sorry for Em's Loss 
sorry for lack of twitters....have nothing of interest to say at the mo 
sorry for my absence twitterworld, I had an omaha vaca that ended up with a car accident and a missed wedding 
Sorry for my spelling errors today everyone 
Sorry for not posting so much in the last while...Nothing really interesting has happened 
Sorry for not saying goodbye  Kathy
sorry for not tweeting often right now... exams are coming up and a have to study 
sorry for not tweeting today my internet got crazy  tweet tweet
Sorry for not updating my story but I got a little writers-block 
Sorry for ruin gerard's part 
sorry for the bad resolution. my cam was on compact mode  my boy Stefan filmed me at Dim Mak http://bit.ly/Tsz6C
sorry for the few tweets only. losing the internet connection every 5 seconds all day long 
sorry for the lack of tweets  BUT MY CAMERA COMES IN 3 HOURS!
Sorry for the lack of updates, Optus doesn't like my iPhone.  Other than that, Australia has been awesome. 1 more day without internet.
sorry for the lyrical tweets. i'm home too early from college! hate last minute cancellation classes AND replacement classes. hooray. 
sorry for the mean tweets, guys  It's my way of....letting things out.
SORRY FOR THE PEOPLE WHO LIKES MILEY AND NILEY BUT I AM VERY VERY SAD AND ANGRY 
Sorry for the strip nav bar being broken. Nobody told me so I could fix them   I put in a temporary fix until I have a bit of time later.
Sorry for the tasteless post. Feeling sad. 
Sorry for the use of language, but I'm really pissed off. 
Sorry for the weird tweets y'all. Twitterific on my iPhone is all messed up.  May have happened when I dropped and broke my phone 
sorry for the wrong info  guess i was just too excited lol
Sorry guys battery dying and I forgot my charger   anyone know where to get one for Javelin BB in Isloo?
sorry guys i just voted!  of course i said NO! y? well bcuz WEED IS A DRUG!
sorry guys! i have been sick (swine fluu   ) im going to get this up and running again
Sorry guys, I have to cut out early. It's been one of those days.  #designchat
Sorry guys, the response to the sale has been immense and the site is now down  we'll let you know as soon as all is solved...
Sorry guys. My phone will be off at any minute.  If you need me, get a hold of Amanda or my MySpace of Facebook.
sorry guys. no new post tonight  i'm really busy and I gotta get up really early tomorrow.
Sorry guys...my best friend has a lung tumor (yep, from smoking!), just don't feel like blipp'n right now  I'll be back soon!
sorry havent really updated in a while  does anyone have anything ugrent i should have posted a while ago? just @reply me if anything
Sorry havent tweeted been super busy  so catch up,
Sorry HMC readers. No post today  Son came home early from school because he barfed in class. At least he made it to the bathroom in time.
Sorry hon, sure wish I could coz I'm bored myself. Still have some work to do tho 
sorry i am a lil quiet today. i'm not much in a good mood from yesterday evening ...it followed me on to today 
sorry I can't post another video on youtube right now webcam isn't working right it has too much noise in background 
Sorry I can't update that much! My computer isn't at my house anymore. 
sorry i couldn't go on while i was at UTA. my internet wasn't working  
Sorry I cudnt b in H-TOWN guys wish I cud but I hv class from 530 to 940 
Sorry I didn't get on aim tonight guys.  Lea's bawling her eyes out..   I'll talk to you guys on AIM tomorrow..
Sorry I didn't tell u...  I guess we just assumed we wouldnt get in until later....by the time we were in I was a bit in shock, sry it ...
sorry I didnt tweet yesterday my computer wasnt working I am sad to come back on twitter and discover that HE spent the day with M*ley 
sorry I don't know what has gotten into me  ♫ http://blip.fm/~7jds8
Sorry I ever supported HP  . HP has turned into Gateway and emachine. (crappy).
Sorry I get a bit &quot;Mopey Goth&quot; when I'm tired &amp; annoyed. I have to be awake in 10 hours  Going home now, tweet you in 18 minutes!
sorry I have been so quiet recently - I have had my little boy at home w/ me - not much chance to tweet 
sorry i have not been on for a long time i have a cold 
Sorry I haven't been able to twitter all weekend! I was at my dad's and I'm not allowed to get on his computer 
sorry i havent been on guys, my computer is gaaaay 
Sorry I haven't been online for a while, been relaxing because I'm on vac! it's beautiful here. But I miss everyone 
Sorry i haven't really tweeted today...   it's been kind of an Off Day for me. I've got a busy day tomorrow, so it'll probably be the same
sorry i haven't tweeted all day and half of yesterday, was at grandma's and she doesn't have interwebs 
sorry i havent updated that much guys was busy 
sorry i havnt been posting any pics on Twitter but i'll try to get to it tomorrow! i dont wanna go to bed!  i'll move to CA for 2 more hrs
Sorry I left hun, was rushed out before I could reply again to let ya know...  Will talk again tho' when ya wanna chat. ;) @M_B_C_FEEHILY
sorry i missed an oportunity that could have changed everything 
Sorry I missed the chat, sicker than a drowned kat this week... 
sorry i screwed up. I was wrong.......... text it tomorrow. 
sorry i tried to tell u but i couldnt! i was takin a test and i had to turn my phone off! im so sorry! 
Sorry i was busy with the t shirts which i screwed up btw. I dont know what to say sarah  call amanda shes better at this stuff. She s ...
Sorry if I'm confusing anyone. I keep forgetting to @reply. The desktop Twitterific  is not so terrific  Very different from iPhone app.
sorry if my surf-talk is annoying...I'm missing it 
Sorry if what I said made you feel bad. Really sorry 
Sorry if you at having trouble viewing my stories -- might be site tech issues 
sorry if you're not in, we can't get you in 
Sorry I'm not around tonight fellow lanterns, staying in hospital with son tonight. He still sounds pretty bad in the chest.  
sorry it was the wrong video  click again on the link and you can get  the -Groundswell Business Strategies - http://tr.im/laxl
sorry its so hard to keep twittering lately 
sorry I've been away for so long exams comin up  plz pray for me ya'll
sorry justin.. I spelled your name wrong.. 
Sorry kids  There's always next yr. Enjoy the rest of the show. Mr Urban is 1 heck of a guitarist!
sorry kukkha.  but duty calls. 
Sorry magic fans. Maybe nxt game.  or not hahaha
Sorry mrbrain  , gl to the nastiest.
sorry mummy 
Sorry MVP crew. Was runniing late &amp; had to cover EA press con. No In N' Out for us 
sorry my bad. 
Sorry my Twitter people.... My             I-phone has the swine flu... I have an appointment with the Apple Dr. today... Pray for me 
sorry new followers, twitter is not letting me follow you back. 
Sorry no followfridays today. Mission on my phone 
sorry now 5! 
sorry people im grounded 
SORRY T @APrettyLady: @CarlGray3 Carl! My #FF got messed up   @APrettyLady lol
Sorry that I can't make everything better. 
Sorry that I havn't been twittering today 
Sorry this has to be said. &quot;For those trying to exploit Mike's sad loss today for their own gain.. SHAME ON YOU! &quot; Leave Them Alone! RIP 
sorry to all my hs peeps i was supposed to see later on tonight, i really was lookin forward to gettin down wit yall in bklyn  next time?
Sorry to everyone who text me and Called I was at all work since 11 am til Close  I have expenses to pay for people lol
Sorry to everyone who was at the BBQ last night. I think I got pretty messy! 
Sorry to everyone who's been trying to add me lately. Twitter won't let me add back and is not sending me the add requests #twitterfail 
Sorry to hear about Fool, Kyleen.  Hang in there woman, you'll be ok eventually.
Sorry to hear about the postponement @Polansky - That sorta thing must be very frustrating 
sorry to hear of your loss 
Sorry to hear that @seejohnswim is deleting his youtube 
sorry to hear, jisko the s/w that powers enote may have to be shut down 
Sorry to say the new job will not allow me to access twitter or facebook or any other social networking 
Sorry to the 6 followers I have, but I needed a break from the paper I'm writing for finals. Damn this letter limit! 3 more pages to go! 
Sorry to the cute girl who I promised I would go back to buy the RichardSolo iPhone external battery. I ran out of time.  #gadgetshowlive
Sorry to the little birdy that fell from his home and can't get back up 
sorry to those who been looking for me...i've been sick 
Sorry to video streamers.     #teachtec2009
Sorry tweeple  I'm still feeling pretty miserable so my tweeting isn't up to par 
Sorry tweeple I totally misused my twitter and it won't happen again. I was just ... so stressed. I know just pants, but... sorry 
SORRY TWEEPS: im outside the City rite now.....and my 3G fone is NOT being 3G'ish...I'll reply later...sorry guys 
Sorry tweets tix is taken! 
sorry twitter I have over 80+ ppl I have to interview  soooo im gone for the moment! need me? IM me!
Sorry Twitter really busy day. Couldn't even watch the game. 
sorry twitter, i keep forgetting about you. I'm listening to The Kooks show on line, it's so saad but i didn't get to buy a ticket 
Sorry twitter; had to vent. 
sorry twitterbabies I been neglecting ya Oh`dee today :/ not a good day sleep 
SORRY TYRA!  maybe we can still hang out today?
Sorry Umie adlina..your dream to marry that guy have fail..sad sad  forget your ex bf.. Just remember i be here to support you.. 
sorry Yukkies im working so wont be on new episode  maybe next one message @matthardybrand and tell him you want more Yuk lol
sorry! Haven't been on!  Can't wait for summer and the Hannah Montana Movie to come out!
SORRY! I write/tweet wayyyy too much XD I APOLOGISE IF IM ANNOYING U/CRAMMING UR TWITTER WIT MY BORINGNESS! 
Sorry, @ECS_Dave @ElmerHurlstone and I can't stay online  24/7 @annoyedgirl Yeah but for some reason the net seems boring 
Sorry, beautiful sunny weather in a string of rainy days, but I need a do nothing couch day. 
sorry, can't pos blog now. will later tonight bye 
sorry, cut this article: posterous damage bookmarklet's links  please follow that direct link http://bit.ly/g4DfS http://post.ly/KKm
sorry, i messed up! don't know whose blip i reblipped  the one i was going for vi@DOCSTIMULAS. thx 2 @Diordan... ? http://blip.fm/~6futv
sorry, i missed the practice for the ssc.  i`m pretty busy kasi, eh. :|
Sorry, It's hard finding Imeem free stuff  rb@Deesound: like that David Starfire but will like it more with a... ? http://blip.fm/~7a9fu
Sorry, just realised to have to be a member of flickr to see my last post 
sorry, no internet right now so i really cant get on like i used to tweets!  Imma try to get on as much as i can but for now thats that!
Sorry, not being rude if you've tried me; my dm's are still broken 
Sorry, now TechCrunch remove article prolog also 
Toddler seems happier now that she has frozen teether. Yay! Teething... 
todo en orden.... tareas del hogar aish 
todo list this week: PACK, watch star trek, get my loser friends to hang out with me, lock in some housing in mia, lakehouse alone  LAME
Toga party was fun. Unfortunately the Toga part was optional, so only a few hardcore togas  #fb
Together 
Toilets leavin me for America dont get a job!! 
Tokio hotel, better dont disappoint me  load please!
Tokyo weather cant make up its mind. Had tO wear pants last night 
tokyo! is @ tower this weekend! to bad little ashes isnt opening in slc...or ever 
Told her I went to sleep at 2, woke up at 5:30 and &quot;slept&quot; till 9 but it was more like drifting in and out and actual sleep.  Ugh.
Told him i was gay. . . No free stuff 
told his wife of 7 years he is moving out 
Told mama abt him. And all tht ever came out frm their mouth was negative.  - http://tweet.sg
Told my doctor about training for a 5k and she said, &quot;There is no greater health benefit from running rather than walking.&quot;    
Told the big bears ... need to find a place to live come September 
told you 
Toll House cookie dough recalled, linked to E. coli - http://bit.ly/evtmk #cnn..woah so it's true that you prop shouldn't eat it raw 
Tom do MCFLy HI  
Tom don't  talk with me, i'm bad!  
Tom Hanks just got knocked over w/ a potatoe like object on The Tonight Show w/ Conan. Wow! Funny but I miss Jay. 
Tom hugged me. May have an STD going to the doctors now 
Tom I miss you 
tom please do a meet tomorrow with the fans outside of your hotel. i've been waiting outside for 5 days 
TOM!! i went on stumble upon, and i couldnt find how to delete animals,so I thought id be brave, annnd the first stumble WAS A SHARK  
tom8 http://bit.ly/AadO8 : I am a single looking for the woman of my dreams, are you out there. 
tomangoes disco toniht...wow so tired tough  xD woo fellas :L
Tomarrow is the day! 
Tomas is very disapointed  Weather is so bad 
Skuya misses her best brother Rouffus the Cat  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5336669
Sky box has just turned itself off and won't come back on. That's so not good when the Lions game is due on in a bit.  #lions
Sky box just went off - no more F1 practice for me 
Sky News: Brazilian Air Force conducting search and rescue mission in the Atlantic after passenger plane goes missing.   Flight AF 447
Skype doesn't work for my ubuntu system...   I'm still trying to fix it
Skype on #ubuntu hogs 100% cpu, loses voice  after a few mins  Damn I need that fixed for virtual workplaces to work.
skyped Rachel!!!! if only my mic worked... 
Skype-ing with Jimmy...I miss you 
skys not working. dad better have it fixed by 90210 or i'll have to wait til Sunday. 
slacked off yesterday. can't go out to play with my friends today. mom was right.  don't put off til tomorrow what you can do today 
Slacker is pretty good too! http://www.slacker.com. I had both on my BB, but Slacker is a hog.  Pandora has the smaller footprint.
Slacking in twitter in week two thats sad 
Slacks and boots are not the business!! I hate 'em and my feet hurt!!! 
slapping on the sunscreen ready to forget the latest job rejection 
Slashdot confuses me.  How do you read the full articles?!
Slayed Deericorn  - also need to find somewhere to go on friday night with tori and saman! any suggestions??
Sorry, Terminator was not so good.  Rental at best.  Definately not worth the little sleep I will now receive. 
Sorry, triathlon. 
Sorry, tweets!  Mr. SF asked me to take the twitpic down.  
Sorry, was getting ready.  Going to leave at 8am today.
Sorry, was just informeded that &quot;twits&quot; is a rude words 
Sorry,but,I'm not fine!.... 
Sorry,guys I had 2 get off last night  but omg I'm so glad @MileyCyrus won lastnight!!!!! I'm so proud of her!!! Luv u Miles!
Sorry. Will take grumpy self away: no point snarling in public. Wish wasn't so busy living own sermon illustration re Spirit leaking away 
Sorry. You will be hearing from me again. Didn't even get one number 
Sorry...Forgot 2 respond earlier...We were a semi-finalist 4 logo contest (wasn't everyone!) But not a finalist  will post ours in a min!
sorryyyyyyy...but me comp. was dead;-) yehaaaaa this weekend was great...too much alcohol  now i'm gonna make piiiizza!
Sort of sad. Today will be the end of KBS Group 2 2009. 
Sort of sad. Went to get the photos off my camera &amp; no camera.  I had it on the Surfliner coming home. Must have left it on the train. 
sort of watching iron man with my family. last night on the island  tampa tomorrow, then home monday.
sorta disappointed..  oh well. kinda not really sleepy either
Sorta makes me sad the main reason I ever take out a tanking pet is to solo Chillmaw 
Sorting brekkie for the kids then off to the horrible place called work, boohoo 
sorting out a place to stay tonight, stressing 
sorting the kitchen out! 
Sorting through all the people I follow is tough. And for some reason a few I follow aren't showing up in TweetDeck when I make groups. 
Tomer has gas = me no sleep  I wonder if there is a time in my future where I'm not tired
tomm a.m. i will wear metro shoes, i.e., flip flops. heyyy @zarara07 miss you too, friend 
tommorow chemistry test  too bad...
Tommorow is my last gym class for 7th grade! But in 8th grade we get tested  ugh! next year's NOT gonna be fun at all! 
Tommorow's a good good day for mr to sleep in....except none of my shows come on boo whooo......... 
Tommorows my LAST day of Highschool. graduating wednesday, im kinda sad 
Tommy boy is pressing his luck.... WTF will happen next? Will he quit? I hate when the coach calls 
Tommy Z Cooney Pouting by the back door cause my mean mom won't take me out  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6881300
Tomorows the 26th of june,the day they first met.the 26th november is when he got in the accident  rip Mo.I miss u
Tomorrow -- 20 mins from now -- is my last day of not being old. 24 hrs and 20 minutes from being 50. The charcoal gray sky is falling. 
Tomorrow another Celine fitting. And my ankle is soooo swollen 
tomorrow back to school  and after school, learnin' -.-
tomorrow college  I hate it ! lol
tomorrow gfs..I'm nervous 
tomorrow gonna be a long tiresome day. Class all day. hmm. I really need vacation.  I'm tired.
sleeeeeeeeeep - i always want what i can't have 
Sleeeeeeeeeepy  3rd sortie.. Yawn, there's nothing to do here at the hangar and we only can go back after everyone is done with flying :S
Sleeeeeeeeepy  but I'm scared xD  And I'm creapishly sad o.o  ... Shut up xD  http://twitpic.com/8cjbe
sleeeeeeeep why must you evade me so 
Sleeeeeeppppppyyyyy!!!! Yawn, I been MIA on the tweet today it seems!! 
sleeeeep than English provincal 
Sleeeeep. Sounds really glorious right about now... But i don't want to get up to turn off the lights. Why does this always happen to ME? 
Sleeeeepy @ graduation. Depressed because its Mother's Day anf Sandy B is gone and I'm not graduating. 
Sleeeeepy eyess... but time for Brothers &amp; Sisters, then E.R. all whilst cleaning 
SLEEEEPP! eye doctor in the morning  then work...just keeps gettin' bettter!~
SLEEEP! stoked to sleep in ! and @alabear we missed you too  .. I guess the lizard too but nawt really AHAHA(;
Sleeep..... work in the morning!! 
Sleeep..last full day of school.,then finals began. 
Sleep ... Dreading work in the AM 
Sleep and then beach tm with brianna kfest jfo n libln!...kerris leaving today for Spain 10 days without means of communication 
Sorting through baby clothes and mom just made lunch . My house is a mess 
Sorting through my digital music collection. Currently at 32Gb and 6713 tracks  Another 20Gb on a spare disk to go through yet too.
SOS! Stuck in a sickeningly boring meeting for planning on a supremely boring event 
Soterious Johnson was out sick today. 
Sotomayor caricatured as weirdly East Asian:  http://tr.im/nEWy &amp; now as a piñata?: http://tr.im/nEWz Blergh 
Sould be at a party but @ work.. . 
SOULJA BOY GONE   (souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
Sound card is roasted  need new 1
sound like such a word i'm not allowed to say  jk someone told me that once though
Sound of Madness is an awesome song! don't know why it's dropping though on the countdown 
Sound problems 
Sound setupping over! Sound engineer needed badly 
Soundcheck was amazing. Omg. So far from the stage tho 
Sounds like Air France disaster is as bad as thought   Possible wreckage is found 
Sounds like B lost in 2ots this am.   he added a couple of in traffic dunks the w/e
Sounds like Christian Identity at work to me   http://tinyurl.com/m82frw
Sounds like deidre barlow after a hash smoking weekend in morroco  hate being ill !
sounds like everyone is having fun! phoebs is going for her surgery in the am 
Sounds like I missed a good recruiters network last night.. 
sounds like im losing my voice 
Tomorrow i am going to school  buu i hate the school
Tomorrow i be one of the guys, D is not going with us to Duinrell anymore 
Tomorrow I fly again for the third time this year! I'm starting to get nervous again! 
Tomorrow I go to the fitness-studio, then I must learning employment law for my exam 
tomorrow i going to my school  and i go to volleyball
Tomorrow I have a friend &quot;date&quot; love those almost as much fun as a real date - well maybe more fun but no xes 
tomorrow i have to wait for my brother to get home from work to open my presents. he finishes at 5 
Tomorrow I need to eat &quot;real&quot; food not just coffee and sugar. 
Tomorrow I shall be taking my MacBook Pro back to the Apple Store for the THIRD time in two weeks... 
Tomorrow I will go with my friends to do a bit of exercise. I have to up early 
Tomorrow i will have the most difficult teste that i have ever made and i sure that it won't be good 
Tomorrow ill get my windshield they are short staff  it just gos with today
tomorrow i'm back to college! how pissing off! 
tomorrow i'm gonna have a really busy day...... i have a job 
tomorrow is @katyperry in holland and i'll be not there 
Tomorrow is a holiday. Smart people took today off to have a long weekend. I wasn't  one of them 
tomorrow is a new day...so I'm going to sleep my sorrows away 
tomorrow is already monday!! 
Tomorrow is back to looking for work. 
tomorrow is back to work 
Tomorrow is going to be a long day at work, since I really want to be hanging with the family,   happy, Happy Father's Day!   B-)
tomorrow is going to be a long day, meetings, uni, meetings and a financial maangement assignment 
tomorrow is going to be fun its going to suck too    im going to miss kali
Tomorrow is going to be one of the most horrible days ever 
Tomorrow is going to be super sad..I can' even imagine about it. 
tomorrow is going to come too early. Closed at coldstone tonight... lifeguard 8:30-4:30 tomorrow.  I pray it rains!
Tomorrow is going to suck. Funeral in the morning  RIP Jerry Thomas...Work is not the same without you!
Tomorrow is going to suuuuuuuuck...anatomy midterm 
tomorrow is gonna be exciting/tense, we (Falkirk) could get relegated 
Tomorrow is gonna be filled with shopping, and hopefully finding that darn dress!! plus I need to get my car fix..brakes are acting up 
tomorrow is gonna suck! it's gonna be a day full of activities i don't wanna do 
tomorrow is microeconomics exam, i have to read book and learn everything, but now i am very tired  to do that 
tomorrow is monday  awww i dont want goo to school 
Tomorrow is monday. nooo!  I need sleep
Tomorrow is my b-day and I have exams  What a good present.
Tomorrow is my birthday and my dad still joking with that, is not funny  
tomorrow is my birthdayy! im getting old 
tomorrow is my C++ Exam.. and I can see the B flying around.. God I don't want a B 
Tomorrow is my last day of camp  But I'll make the best of it!
tomorrow is my last day of school 
Tomorrow is my last day to sleep in on a weekday..  Cause starting Monday morning I have to be up at 7a.m. everyday..
Tomorrow is my last regular day of schoool  but then I have review day and exams...  bcfjrepwlsxjfru bedddd
Tomorrow is No Play Thursday where we ditch a song for the day.  Vote by replying.  Thus far Taylor Swift is leading  #noplaythursday
sleep consumes too much of my life 
Sleep has won because I'm not feeling well  can't stop sneezing and my head hurts, night tweeps
Sleep hates me. Watching &quot;Atonement&quot; - which is awesome. But I should eventually pass out. Have an appt in the AM though - that sucks 
sleep hates my life..im convinced 
sleep in was good, dream was weird, busy day ahead of me 
Sleep is a good thing. So why don't I get any of it?!?  
Sleep is for sissy's! I wish I was a sissy. 
Sleep is impossible 
Sleep is knock, knock, knocking on my window. Work is kick, kick, kicking down my door! Sleepy 
Sleep now. Maybe I'll cough less tonight, but I don't think so. Used up cough drops this evening. 
Sleep should rank as my #1 priority atm but I wanna stay up but I can't  Stupid work sigh...
Sleep Sleep time. Need to be up early to get the bus to get me into work for lunchtime 
sleep still off! jus woke up....hope i can go back to sleep at least in a couple of hrs  ...if your up too get at me
Sleep study...can't wait to go home 
Sleep then loooooooong car ride tomorrow.. 
Sleep through the static  day can only offer a better time right ? Only time can tell :/ &lt;/3
Sleep tiems! Darn, not 8 hours anymore.... 
Sleep tight everyone ,,,, in the real world tomorrow will be taping and mudding  have a great rest of the weekend you all ! hate renoes !
Sleep time for me now, lots of last minute revision tomoro; exam on Monday  night tweet-ers &lt;3
Sleep time I need to be up in 4 hours 
Sleep time now. Back to the joys of work tomorrow 
Sleep time! I need my boyfriend next to me 
tomorrow is solstice... my mom won't be home, but she's taking my car.  so it's looking like no festivities for me.
tomorrow is the 1st day of or last year in high school ahhmmppp.... 
Tomorrow is the 34th Ruby Kansai Meeting in Kyoto. My slides are still not ready...  http://ff.im/4anCX
Tomorrow is the beginning of the end 
tomorrow is the D-day ... hmm, shit, today is gonna be a long night ... 
tomorrow is the last day of may . back to school again 
Tomorrow is the last day of RSCM STL 2009... 
tomorrow is the last day of school  happy n sad I'm gonna miss my friends 
tomorrow is the last showing of the gumdrop dragon 
tomorrow is tuesday. my worst day in every week. f**k tueasday. hate tueasday. if the class isnt in tueasday, im sure i like tueasday... 
Tomorrow marks my 21st day away from &quot;home&quot;.  Every time I come back to YVR it reminds me how much I miss it.  YYC FTL. 
tomorrow mathematics exam 
Tomorrow Music Test  
tomorrow night will be epic, adams sleeping in my bed right now, about to kick him off so i can sleep muahah, work in the am 
tomorrow school  good night guys
Tomorrow school  still have to make my homework!
Tomorrow schooool  boring &amp; i've to perform a drama part and i don't know my lines yet !? I have to play a boy !! :0
sleep time, then wake up at 5 in the morning to finish this thing.  bumsville to the max
sleep time.  truck tomorrow.  i hate waking up at 4am.  
Sleep time. I miss Ellen  Hope she's well and the baby is ok. EEP! I always worry when we don't see her 
sleep time. Lotsa things to think about tomorrow reg my future 
Sleep was a little better last night. Hoping Kenton continues to improve. I feel bad for him  Ear infections stink!
Sleep would be MARVELOUS right now.  My feets hurt   Alas, I need a shower first. SIGH!
sleep would probably occur if a neighbor didn't play bass music every night till midnight. 
sleep! i have a busy day of hanging flyers and making a million calls tomorrow. keep your fingers crossed we find his home! 
Sleep, NOW. SATs in 8 hours. 
Sleep, then on a plane to Vegas in the morning! No drinking though because of my surgery. 
sleep. have to wake up at 5 to be at the airport at 6...ahhh. Then Chicago `til Sunday. Please pray for our flights - I hate flying! 
sleep. it's hot in the house. can't sleep  tomorrow's Tuesday-my arch nemesis. We will battle in a few short bitter hours. Wish me luck
sleep. lets hope. i feel sick now though 
sleep. school to pick up grad tickets. lost mine  whoops. i guess thats a little important.
sleep. so much thinking to do... 
SLEEP... i miss burying my face in his neck   ... i think its time 2 make up
Sleep... Kim's Funeral... Closing by myself... Text it... Sick &amp; Tired of feeling this way 
Sleep... my feet hurt so bad from dancing  RAYS GAME TOMORROW!
Sleep....take two....this better work! 
Sleep...that's all 
sleep; geometry regents tomorrow!  fml. *why do i love him?*
Sleep? yes? Restless nose and throat syndrome. 
sleepiness hit hard and class isnt over until 3 
sleepiness rating for the day is 8 outta 10 today. 
sleeping  well, I was sleeping.. now I'm awake... but I need to sleep again cause I work at 6:45am.  I hate mixing up my schedule...
Sleeping all day probably wasn't a good idea! Can't sleep! 
sleeping all day to make up for sleep lost isn't always the best idea... i think insomnia might stick around for awhile 
Sleeping alone sucks. I miss my hub 
Sleeping alone tonight...again *sigh* :/ I hate sleeping alone. 
Sleeping early tonight. Runny noses suck! 
SLEEPING EARLY: FAILED because of Systems Analysis and Design subject.   Pls friends, pray for our group. Prof is super hay 
sleeping in a real bed. well couch, but its better than a car. except no more rocky mountain view 
Sleeping in a tent with Shelby. And i just swallowed a bug  yuck!
Sleeping in the car tonight  not looking forward to it at all.
sleeping in the living room tonight w baby!!!! love baby to the max. throat very itchyyy  *sneeze*
sleeping on a deflated air mattress  broken air pump. neat.
Sleeping on the couch till he figures it out! 
Sleeping on the streets of nyc for a celebrity...nothing new. Wish i had a huge blanket though 
sleeping over at the southern hills hospital tonight. my grandma doesnt feel well.  
sleeping over with lici nd laysia..I miss these days  .. gnite
sleeping pattern officially fucked.. just as im going back to school. greaaaaat. 
tomorrow should be good. but apparently no movies 
tomorrow the @Jonasbrothers World Tour starts and I'm here, far far away. I'm about to cry 
tomorrow walk to office !!!!!!!!!!! 
Tomorrow we leave for a whirlwind west coast tour.  San Fran, Napa, Reno, Tahoe.  Now if only we could bring Teddy with us... 
tomorrow, i have a psychology test for model class  i hate that!
tomorrow: back to school 
tomorrow: school...  but now I'm listening Jonas Brothers!(L) 
sleeping scheggie all thrown off 
sleeping until 4:30 am. driving 2 hours x2 for coffee. saying goodbye to jacob for 12 weeks 
Sleeping with my eyes open, sitting at my desk, appearing to work. It's not very effective. 
Sleeping with my make up on tonight. I know I'll regret it tomorrow but I'm too tired to move 
sleeping with Opened eyes. 
Sleeping with sunburn is very not cool. 
sleeping- work tomorrow. 
Sleeping!! Worky Work Tomorrow 10-5 
Sleeping. But unfortunately not for long  School is consuming my life.... and year around school sucks!
sleeping. goodnight. i miss you. 
sleeping. I'm missing my new bfff  but I'll watch it tmrw. it's been a rough day and I'm so tired.
Sleeping. Sleep while u have the chance! And just remember that God is watching! Love you all!! Volleyball on Friday for 3 hours! 
Sleeping... Too long of a week 
sleeping...not for long though because i have to get up early!  parenting exam in the AM, drama exam in the PM. wish me luck.
Sleepless again. Guess that means writing more late night poetry. sigh... 
Sleepless in Sarasota again. Downside to still being in medical limbo.  http://myloc.me/4Bok
Sleepless night.  I'm sneaking in a nap as soon as I can today.
Sleepless once again. My bad knee is killing me. The joint feels completely out of whack &amp; nicely swollen. Hasn't felt this way ever 
sleepover wif cc! still feel like shit  watching one tree hilll...text bitches
Sleepppp ughhh Its been raining for the last 3 weeks ! Miami isn't Miami without being able to go to the beach 
sounds like iPhone update available now from chatter among the cubes. I have to wait til home 
sounds like my arts and crafts night may be postponed  what am i going to do tonight?
Sounds like North Korea is gearing up for War against North Korea. Here we go again! We can't afford lives or $$ to get in another war. 
sounds like typical dispatch ... sometimes u really do wanna club them over the head 
sounds peaceful at the moment, time to grab the opportunity and do the PILED UP chores.... 
sounds terrible, but the first thing i thought of when i heard about the air france flight was, &quot;how oceanic flight 815 of them.&quot; 
Soup dammit!  Not even a pack of ramen noodles in this house... 
Sour apricots are great, but now my stomach is upset   4 hrs to go....
SourceForge.net is offline... 
South Africa is now officially also in recession. 
South jersey is like devoid of jobs srsly.  
South of the Border! And officially out of South Carolina until January 
South Park is parodying The Watchmen right now. Too bad I have to to to bed. I awake in 6 hours. 
southampton tonight! feelin alot better today wooohooo sorry about yesterday  xxxx
Southern falls to Minnesota 11-8, eliminated from NCAA tornament  #LSU plays at 6pm
Southern Fried Poetry Slam was awesomeness.  Hung out with the ladies at Chili's afterwards.  Sleep now and work in the morning 
Southern Miss lost to Texas last night in the CWS in the worst possible way. A ninth inning walk to win   Let's hope they win Tuesday
SOUTHPARK michael jackson episode ... Bed , no phone 
souths are going so bad  laurie dalie pisses me off :@
Southside. Drowning our sorrows from defeat. 
Southwest flight delayed for an hour and a half! Second time this week, not so good! 
souuuuper bored and lonely 
Soviel vom ovistore versprochen   #fail #nokia
Sleeps late tonite and wake up early tomorrow morning. 
sleeptime. work @ 6.30am.  hangs this weekend?
Sleepy   can't wait to snuggle with my puppies!!!
Sleepy   I see this will be a loooooong day
sleepy  haha...too lazy to go to bed! - learning about my styleezzzz ;) LOL
Sleepy  Plus I should study 5 chapters for stupid Envo course ,Dunno when can I finish 
Sleepy after walking around all day with a pulled muscle. 
sleepy and a little frustrated. looks like my kuma bear pattern needs a bit of tweaking. keep messing up on the count 
Sleepy and brooding, Monday-blues already 
Sleepy and school tommorow  do I get call in days in the army?
sleepy and tired, but so much work to get through...maths exam 2moro 
sleepy at church  i'll have coffee intravenously laterz
sleepy but i cant sleep and i got finals tomorrow 
sleepy but not allowed to sleep or I'll be staying up late tonight...and that definitely will ruin my sleep program... 
Sleepy day..I think I ate too much today 
Sleepy going mimis finally ! Ugh after all my sleepless nights finally !! Gf is mad at me thou  only bad thing
sleepy head...don't wanna work today  #bsb
Sleepy in Kuningan.  This is what I have to pay for insomnia ... 
Sleepy sleepy bunny, i was unsucessful in the welly department- they only haddem in millets &amp; they were very eshpensive  x
sleepy sleepy little link  sick little link too.
sleepy sleepy sleepy but I must going to the campus 
Sleepy time, back to work tomorrow. No more avoiding creeper. 
sleepy time, plus five ... hours that is 
Sleepy time. I miss my booger 
Sleepy time....going home soon....Im gonna miss Tiff and Adam 
Sleepy time...gotta be up in alittle over 5 hours for work! 
TOMORROW:ad in sac, mom shopping all day, me lookng for a fat sucker inner and shoes to go with my grad dress. This will be greeatt 
tomorrow???!  makes my decision easier though....
tomorrowevening, 8pm the concert of Enrique Iglesiasss!!!  the weather is great again today and im preparing to make homework.. great.. 
Tomorrow's father's day, I miss my Dad! 
Tomorrow's final is gonna be KILLER! Someone save me! Or at least pray for a miracle! 
tomorrow's gonna be a veeeety long day 
TOMORROW'S GONNA BE ANOTHER TIRING DNT DAY AT SCHOOL 
Tomorrow's gonna be Monday... again! 
TOMORROW'S GRADUATION!!! X; ahhh...  i don't know how I should be feeling about that...
Tomorrow's mother's day! Dang, I don't get to spend it all with my mom 
Tomorrows my day off woo-hoo! chemistry exam in 28 hours. gotta study  i need a nap..
Tomorrow's my last day with this Apple laptop. ]: I'll miss Apple!  Cause we turn in our laptop to the school so that they exit image it.
tomorrow's the first day of school. T_T .. have to wake up early... 
tomorrows the last day ..... NOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Tomorrows the last Monday of school       {not}
Toms outta first place and it wont let me vote 
Tom's voice is starting to fail.. poor him.. 
Tomyss  why?!! Did u crushem with yo thunda thighz?!
toni has just been to pick up @taylorswift13 tix for paul o grady i cant goto  not impressed by goss from @emilyt1990 about ts+lt xo
Tonight - Jonas Brothers. (Top 14 on myx international top 20.  - Phil.)
tonight = early night. i'm shattterrreeed. 
sleepy yet so much on my mind 
sleepy, burning up, and headache ughhh sux sux sux 
sleepy, but cant fall 
Sleepy, but don't want the night to end because I don't want to go to work 
sleepy, but i can't sleep.  why?!
sleepy, itching all over and can't seem to get my eyes of the news from Iran. sooo wasn't able to write today  #blindinglights
Sleepy, yawn yawn. Study day tommorow  wah.
Sleepy. :l time for bed. Sick 
Sleepy. Guess I should watch the microeconomics lectures 
Sleepy. Thirsty. Sleepy. Thirsty. All overrrrrr agaiiiiiiin 
Sleepy. Thunder storms all night. Lost power at one point. Now it's 7am and already 66 degrees. It's gonna be a hot, humid, rainy day 
sleepy.. gonna hit the sack soon!!! throat hurts frm all the singing.. lost my last lozenges cos i popped it frm the plastic and it flew 
sleepy... I did nothingness this weekend. work is draining. and when there is free time TOO TIRED. ughhhhhhh  SOOO frustrated.
Sleepysleepy but someone is supposed to come by  don't wanna miss them~
Sleepyy !  i duno , i dont wanna go to beeed . 
sleepyyy. humiliating moment today. ahhhh 
Sleppless with an ear ache 
Slept 1 hour  headache
Slept 3 hours........feeling tired 
slept 4 hours, and now I'm up... I can't sleep anymore. my shoulders &amp; calves hurt too bad to sleep. 
Slept all day today. If I had woken up earlier, I could've gone and helped @jiwooo with his production 
Slept all evening again, bah. Dentist this afternoon for a refilling  And OMG Natal + Mylo demo on Xbox was AMAZING! :-O
Slept all the way thru the night, first time in Three weeks? And I slept in till 9:15ish! Thats a record. Out for lunch, now cleaning. 
Slept at my parents the bed was hard as a rock now my back feels like a rock 
slept away thrugh the day. even missed dinner. what a 
Slept awful cause of allergies. Had a very disturbing dream. Can't believe I have to get up for work already. 
Slept awfully last night! 
Slept bad, tired, but have to work 
Slept badly.  Still feel like hell, but maybe not as bad as yesterday.  Why am I /always/ ill when I take time off work? 
sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sorrrrry dady 
Sowee. There's another one on weds if you don't spend the whole day at the laker event 
sowi... i cant make it to ur place.. 
Sowwwwy i totally forgot until ms chesak just reminded me 
Sox lost    damn it's almost 10...time is flying tonight
sox-cubs rained out 
Soy promotes estrogen.. Cowmilk promotes 'damp heat' and digestive intolerance.. Guess I'm quitting lattes 
SP ate my mini ravioli! It was gourmet mini rav in tomato and meat sauce. 
spa felt good, and now its time to sleep. sooo not excited to wake up at 4 am for work 
Space Hijackers meetings and 8am starts are NOT a good combination. 
Space Mountain is closed 'til Winter '09. Succesfully fought off suicidal thoughts. They're gonna make it smooth like Disney Land 
Space mountain is closed till winter. Wtf, ruin my day 
space mountain line is retarded  60 min wait? wtf?
Spacewalk is about an hour and half behind today.  I guess they're making up for how ahead they got yesterday?    Nothing going as planned
spaghetti and meatballs and two heavenly 'poons with Klara.  Off to the airport 
spaghetti factory was bomb. even though i didn't get to eat what i really wanted  it'll pay off in the end though...i hope.
Spain is the stupidest country.. that sounds mean but i have no luggage so i dont care about much right now besides going home 
Spain lost yesterday  i HATE seeing Torres upset, it makes me sad =[
spam mail - ok, got used..spam on social networking and others beginning to accept it...spam MMS and SMS come on give me a break... 
Spam- und Autoresponder-Terror auf der t3a-members Liste 
Spammers are up early today  Getting up time so have a good morning everyone 
Spamming cuz I can't really sleep  I MISS YOU
slept early last night, so I missed &quot;Tayong Dalawa.&quot; 
Slept for 1.5 straight days since back from Egypt. Also hit by stomach bug - so tired and still feeling crappy 
slept for 10 hours last night...and still feels like crap this morning. 
slept for 12 hours and noone woke him, but the after abuses were nevertheless bad.    
Slept for 12 hours. Still tired 
Slept for 12 hrs straight and still sleepy 
Slept for 14 hours last night, fell asleep at 6pm and missed my whole evening 
Slept for 14 hours... if you ask me, that's not ok. 
slept for 15 hours and still feel tired 
Slept for 9 hours, was ready to go to work and suddenly had a migraine attack  Slept another 3 hours, migraine gone, hopefully for good
Slept for another 3 hours and still really tired.  oh well! I'll just go to bed at 9 today. I'll make up the four hours of shity sleep.
slept for fuckin aaages. now i wont sleep tonight :@ i have sore eyes 
slept for like 2 hours. need to sleep again soon though. work tomorrow 
slept forever and now im up early...my sleeping schedule is off...kind of sad 
slept from 1am to 11.30am, still not enough!! I woke up because I was hungry.  http://plurk.com/p/wwpig
slept from 4-8 and im still tired 
slept from 5-10 tonight...ready for round 2!  Feeling sick   I'll spare sparse symptoms says the alliterator...
slept in ('til 9) - watching the French Open - Mass - finish school work - workout.  baseball lost   at least we broke up the no-no
Slept in and missed my Sunday game, Need to wait till Tuesday for a decentish game now 
Slept in and missed Star Trek. Oh noes  I must have been more sleepy than I realised!
Slept in my own bed,1st time in a week, so good!!!  Now off to work yay 
Slept in Physics and Maths A, got jumper marks on my forehead  Worried about Personal Project, relived @ rumor that it's due week 8.
Slept in study for quick access to revision. This is how depressing things have gotten 
Slept in the same bed as my 4 year old brother. It was a rough night. I think he beat me up in my sleep cause my back hurts now 
Spanish class again... 
Spanish Class is not easy 
Spanish final 
Spanish Homework.. Done! Geography.. Not So Much 
spanish next 
Spanish studying time! ....Uhhh never mind I don't feel like it...lol....but I have to, unfortunately. 
Spanish test in 1 minute   I still don't know what chapter we're onnnn!
Sparring clinic tomrw for 4hrs. sooo not lookin forward to it  good night.
Spaz don't support Proxy?  I can't use Spaz after filtering Twitter.com in Iran 
Speaking of Ikea!  We were there today and got a new bed, and it's too tall for the dog.  We need to get some dumb doggy stairs. 
speaking of missing things, I miss my little girl somethin awful. I hate that she couldn't come with. 
speaking of pimps, shout out to a pimp named slickback lol...damn, does anybody know exactly when the boondocks come on? i always miss it 
Speaking of staying motivated - its a design day off today to deal with money matters. Euurrgh 
Slept in too late and missed breakfest with the grandparents 
Slept in way too late! Gonna spend a good amount of time doing HW rite now and have a late night at work  But ill get to see @dominospete!
slept in, missed bus, train delayed, doesn't stop at my stop, late for work. fucking heelllll  
Slept in, Sunshine (Chapel Hill institution) biscuit for breakfast, Aloha Friday for Lars (have fun!), Hoos &amp; Heels out of Series 
Slept in. I needed it. (: Now I have to clean the stinkin house. 
Slept like crap  working all day again 6 days a week sucks
slept my day away 
Slept on a boat....It was soo creepy and cold and couldnt get anysleep  im really tired now TT_TT
slept over 40 hours in three days... the rest spent awake in a drug induced stupor in bed.  Being sick sucks!
slept really bad last night  in need of some coffee asap!
slept shit cuz she's got the worst ear-ache ever 
Slept through my alarm. Of course! Ughh Monday mornings. 
slept through my health final  why am i so lame
Slept thru follow Friday  #squarespace
slept till 10 woke up all yucky... i had dream about food  which made me hungry and sad cuz we dont have the food dreamt about :'(
slept till 12 like a TRUE Negro! wow i cant believe im just now getting outta bed i think i have insomnia! 
Slept very badly last night... 
slept with make-up on  that is a first for me ever!!!  made me feel slutty when i looked in the mirror now lol.
Sliced my finger 
Sliced my finger open at work today  so much blooddd!  At least I hustled to the bathroom sink before I got any blood on the new carpet
Sliced my finger to bone waiting in a&amp;e for it to be glued. 2hrs down 2 to go 
Slideshare's embed code is annoying me.  Sorry about the tiny embed  #fail
Slight flight problem...and by slight i mean huge. 
Slight toothache. Must get to dentist before it worsens 
Slightly and entirely irrationally freaked out a bit by the transatlantic plane crash this week. Possibly because I am on one next week. 
Slightly bored...I hate being caught up on blogs 
Slightly damp but not soaked yet. God what a change from last weekend. 
Slightly disappointed in Terminator 
slightly down. its always weird when im talkin to a bunch of girls and the next day im not.  #squarespace
Slightly fragile after last night's gastonomic experience. Food was great but unused to late wine and coffee - uncomfortable night 
Slightly hurt I wasn't invited for dinner... 
Slightly jealous of everyone at Alton Towers today too. Would much rather be there than stuck in lousy work. NEED MONEY THOUGH    
slightly sad moment  no letter...
Slightly sad. Love listening to 70's Saturday Mix #mixfm70s. But miss hosting the mix today  Can't put off home improvement projects tho
slightly stressing with stupid Germany at the min  help me 
Slightly sunburned  Hoping it sinks in overnight...
Slightly ticked that my G1 phone was stolen 2 days ago and the Cupcake update is rolling out.  Also less twitter connected!  
Slightly unexpectedly, I have to go into hospital tomorrow, for some tests. Must call Ollie and tell him I won't be looking at smocks. 
sliiightly sunburnt!  buut don't want the sun to go awaay.
slim is definitely lippin it...what a shame 
slinging eggs again 
Slipped on a step outside and feel on my butt. I also scratched my arm, hand and toes..sore now 
slipped on the wet grassy hill at netball trying to return the balls we had stolen everyone laughed. i feel sad  meant to be a bit of fun
Slogathon@Office ..  .. Giving markets a miss .. Hopefully wont regret it later ..
sloppy weekend,homework all day today.. 
Slow ass Internet connection means 15mins to download 3.0 
Tonight at Mission Street Food: Trumpet mushrooms with 3x fried potatoes in flatbread: sleeper hit! Tongue, lamb good. No sliders left 
tonight could go either way. we shall see but i am so broke its retarded  anybody wanna but some stock Honda wheels and hub caps from me!?
tonight didn't turn out quite as expected 
tonight freaking sucked. but now i have mexican leftovers, wine and chocolate. it's not as good as it sounds when your chillin alone 
tonight i am staying at my dads and then i cant go 9on the computer!!! 
Tonight I got scared by a rock  I'm my defence it looked like a rat!
Tonight I will read a dead tree book (The Somme) because there is no Kindle equivalent.  
Tonight I'm flying back to Athens. Easter holidays are over now ..   
tonight I'm gonna start again. I don't love her anymore 
tonight i'm the tired where i feel nauseous and dizzy. and my stomach is bothering me. 
tonight in party w/ my girls (minus vita) 
tonight is a big party everywhere in the city and i am working 
tonight is called off due to the weather...rubbish 
Tonight is FORBIDDEN at the Underworld but I haven't got permission to film   If anyone knows them give em a poke for me ;)
Tonight is going fairly smoothly. Mother has me pulling carts though 
Slow day at the store. Weather must be nice. Not that ive seen the outdoors in a week. 
Slow day at work. 
Slow day at work. wishing i could have gone to councel crest 
Slow day is slow. 
Slow day. Alone all day since Daniela got her job back. No more bonding time    Looking forward to tonight though.
slow day. haven't done a thing so far 
slow down...just slow the hell down!!! 
Slow Internet wouldnt let me add more pics.  $100 Million Question: Is Heroes of Telara the World of Warcraft killer? http://bit.ly/17BE0k
slow morning at work....pulled a tendon in my foot no tennis this weekend 
Slow run....bah.    At least it was almost 3 miles?
Slowest moving train ever   
Slowly cleaning out @CabbetteNZ's stashes of painkillers and anti-inflamatry drugs. Starting to get a feel for chronic pain. Stupid chest 
Slowly coming to the realisation that my ipod battery will not last the day 
Slowly dealing with the possibility of my 2 1/2 year relationship being over. After an argument he said &quot;you're dead to me&quot;.  It hurts 
slowly disappearing 
Slowly dying of boredom. Also freezing cold. yaaay 
slowly feeling a little better? not much though, I'm REALLY hungry.. but I can't eat  bummer huh?
Slowly freaking out because my favorite dress is BLUE and there is NO BLUE in it. 
Slowly getting ready for work 
Slowly getting the PC back into the land of the living, being hampered by the internet connection suddenly resembling dialup 
slowly loosing the will to live....had enough of emergent literacy, NLS, systematic phonics and government strategies, brain dead 
Slowly packing away my room 
slowly starting to feel better after getting a cold from the footy on fri night. sad the weekends over 
Slowly unpacking...getting pretty lonely  
Slowly waking up, missing day two of the hackathon due to a sudden illness 
Speaking Spanglish cause I forgot Spanish!!  listen in.class people!!
special effects are only special if NO ONE FU***NG USES THEM ALL THE TIME!  now there just effects, the movie industry is failing, epicly 
Special forces and plain clothes are in most main streets of the city and they jusy beat ppl with anything they reach!  #IranElection
specially for @kopigao - im leaving 29th Jun, 1950h flight. SQ something to Christchurch. SO NOW U KNOW KAY!  so sad.
Speck is traveling throughout Europe with Silversun Pickups.  I'm at home, in bed with the dog. 
Speech to write by tommorow morning. Yay! 
Speed date, for your health...dammit I missed Mahler 8 
Speedbumps suck when u gotta piss!! 
Speedy seems to be down. Just when I want to upload my pix fr tonight 
Speidi leaving the jungle?! Now who will i laugh at?? 
spelling errors!Anywho I'm going to sleep for a little since I won't be able to cause of the pens parade the noise from people 
spencer and heidi are finally getting married omgz :O i don't want lauren to leave the hills 
Spencer better not threaten my sanjaya again.  i will personally kick his butt.
spencer's friend is annoying!  haha. (at my house, not iCarly haha)
tonight is gonna to be soooo great!!  we the kings and hey monday!! &lt;3 quite annoyed that i cant stay at rosies house after though 
tonight is my last night teaching my dance classes 
Tonight is my little sisters graduation ceremony and I cant take any pics cuz my cousin didn’t give me back my memory card 
tonight is nick's last night with me! 
Tonight is the Placebo concert..and i'm not going  I guess i'll comfort myself thinking that the new album is their weakest. But still...
Tonight isn't going to be an easy night, 
Tonight just sucks. Sad and stressed.  SAT'S tomorrow, waking up at 6am. Goodnight.
Tonight may have been the last baseball game I will ever see my nephew play.  
tonight proves the need for a laptop. 
Tonight sleep at our new ruko in Bali, listening not to ocean's music but motorcycle  duuh...tomorrow I should move to jimbaran
Tonight sucked, work sucked, people were sucky and I missed the Bouncing Souls. 
Tonight the last episode of Grey's Anatomy 
Tonight the slow cooked meal is mujaddara, rogan Josh, papadams with mango and lime chutney.  Somebody ate the yoghurt I needed 
tonight was a very bad night 
Tonight was amazing. I wish bernard picnics were every weekend. Too bad I couldn't do nothing though 
Slowly, I´m getting angry about the slowest web browser I´ve ever seen - Safari 4.0. Totally disappointing Apple... 
slowlyyyy falling asleep .. but i dont want to ! 
slpy  monday  uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhg
slum dog millionaire was not the movie i thought it was gonna be, not one funny part in the whole two hours 
slumber party w/3 11 y/os.lots of shrieking. must put rhubarb crisp on to do list. rain 2morrow?  want to put in marigolds &amp; move chives.
Slumdog  is gross...when thes turn them into men...ewwww! 
Slumdog Millionaire was good, hadn't seen it until tonight. Just home and prob won't fall asleep till the early hours tonight.. boo! 
Slusherrr: i know.  i hope all us sophmores make it.
Small Asian men attacking 
small group finally split. feeling nostalgic about 
Small mix up with bank may mean car does not get picked up until tomorrow 
Small scale, knee to waist and windy! Look for an increasing swell over the next few days. But for right now, Uber poor conditions 
smarty.net looks to be down 
Smashed my ankle while bowing. Ball = over 5kg, speed = around 40km/hr, impact on bone, do the math 
Smashed my laptop in a parking lot last week  goodbye old laptop  Hello awesome new 13 in macbook pro! YAY!!! great timing mac dude!
smashed my phone up 
Tonight was another great night. Met a hot soccer player. I'm kinda a fan. He is coming tomorrow! Leaves Sunday 
Tonight was awesome. I'm going to Rhode Island tomorrow!  I'm gonna miss @chrissysweeney though 
Tonight was awful fighting with the bf and babys gone  im going to bed..
Tonight was just a warm up for major night out in West end 2moro, gorgeous dress, killer heels, fraught with problems as big crowd going 
tonight was so lame! 
Tonight was tooooo crazzzyyyy 
Tonight we didn't deserve to be in the world cup in south Africa 2010 
tonight will = 'mazing! then saturday will= 'mazing! if i can find people who aren't busy and will see UP with me!! i really wanna see UP 
smelly cat ITS NOT YOUR FAULT ! it's mine 
Smeltering on the way home as bus doesn't have air-con or windows! Surely this has to be illegal, its child cruelity 
smfh istill cant qet over disz shit!  http://tinyurl.com/p6mlak
Smfh. Did anyone other than me hear about the lady who did some crazy voodoo shyt to her daughter in Queens Village? 
Smfh... This man @SuaveWreck acquired some good KUSH earlier today... Just to give that shit away... 
smh  no pic fer heddur!
SMH .. I can't wait 4 my happy ending 
smh @ being too busy to pick up my loaner phone  first day free is wednesday like WTF?!?
smh @ my belly 
SMH @ PPL WHO ONLY TWIT U UP ON FRIDAYS B/C U GOT 100+ FOLLOWERS AND THEY'RE STILL BANKING 15-20  #NOFAKERY
SMH @Denise_V look what you did 
smh at bein unloved  by&gt;&gt; @JayyStarr   lol
smh i aint get my car the shop closed smfh  im mad
SMH!  I want fruit loops but no milk and I seriously do not feel like going to the store wtf?  : /
Smh! Mad @Jyoungn Won't Answer My Texts  I Miss Him
Smh. Always something. Goin home. Not feelin well. 
smh.. love aint shit buhh pain.. sumtimes i wish it was super easy to fall out of love 
Smh... subpar men... y can't I have what I want 
SMH....Equivocal about the situation i'm dealing with........Don't wanna feel this way but I DO....Wat do I do??????...I NEED A DRINK... 
SMH: IT IS JUNE WHY IS IT SO CHILLY OUTSIDE 
smhhh ii keep missing dese blocked fone calls ii hope no1s in jail 
smile on my face anymore he just makes me extreamly depressed its fair to say I'm put off 
Smiley!!! I miss @mandyyjirouxx 
spend 10 hrs on sleeping,but less than 100 mins to study 
Spend 2 hours reading the manual or phone the US and ask - it was such a great plan but failed as they didn't actually answer 
spendin the day with books and notes, not fun at all 
Spending air miles that are about to expire... Pity United don't actually fly to NZ anymore... 
Spending an early fathers day at coco key water park... We are all feeling the emptiness of not having Army here. He would have loved it 
Spending another day preparing for postgrad conference instead of attending http://www.aberystwythartscentre.co.uk/DS4/schedule.htm 
Spending another night alone. Sigh. 
spending day at hospital seeing my dad he wont be here much longer   xxxxx
Spending father's day with my daddy of course. Hard to drag myself out of uber-comfy coccoon though  #gooddaughter
spending her last day with McKenna before she travels to  Malaawi....so sad 
Spending her saturday sick on the couch 
Spending last few minutes on computer b4 goin 2 Ikea 
Spending mothers day with Zac's moms, since mine is in augusta. 
Spending much of my time trying to choose a laptop  I like the specs and price here  http://bit.ly/tmLTt Any advice?
Spending my birthday money on clothes today - although my iPod has broken  dilemma. UFC comes out today, no one will be going out tonight!
Spending my last day in Australia catching up on work, sorting out logistics, and booking my next flight home. Getting harder to leave 
Spending my last days in Washington with the best 8th grade leaders on the planet.  windows down. Tunes cranked.
Spending my last few hours with dan. Cant stop crying. I dont want him to go 
spending my last full day in Germany   I plan on eating my weight in Italian ice cream.  so good....
tonight will be great, although I hoped on a bff day not just a bff evening 
Tonight, and today overall just sucked 
Tonight, beer + Barca. Less work and more play at the weekend, and hopefully more music. Wishing pandora worked here # 
Tonight, it was good to see everyone but really sad also.... 
Tonight: Big parties for new Salvadoran Prez Funes' inauguration...but drat, can't find a good, unbiased article to post in English 
tonight's #LOFNOTC seems like it was fucking epic. i am sorry i missed out (kind of) - i was out having a life  booo.
tonights been boring! 
Tonight's gonna be a long night! 2 admissions, recap, and a transfer! 
Tonight's Gyratory System show at the vibe bar will be electronic, due to drummer illness. 
Tonight's Jon &amp; Kate + 8 makes me WAY sadder than it should. can't imagine dissolving a 10 yr marriage. relationships are so fragile 
Tonight's lesson - when your sick child says 'I'm dizzy', proceed as if she said 'I'm about to projectile vomit on you. 
Tonights shift is gonna be a shitty one 
tonight's the final episode of 'one litre of tears'. im gonnaa cryy 
tonite I must struggling to death! no sleep tonite! 
tonite i was running,my shoe came off,i stood on my toe,on gravel,every minute it gets blacker.Soooo Sore  Bookfest tomorrow 
Smith mountain lake for the weekend, but no AT&amp;T service in our neighborhood 
Smoke alarm just sounded briefly. Guess one of the batteries is dead. Wish it would kindly beep to alert &amp; not sound the sirens tho 
Smoke alarm went off as I was in the shower n wouldn't stop! Risked my life to disconnect da battery 
Smoke is already almost gone, so hopefully the fire dept. has kicked that shit down. But seriously, one of my worst fears 
smoke is clearing up, fire's starting to appear visible.. (dedicated to a friend) 
Smokin alone in my apartment 
Smoking a ciggy before I go in to work. Its kind of hot out here but cloudy  weird I know but its arizona
Smoking there shitty cigarettes makes my breath smell like old men that smoke and drink coffee all day 
Smoking! Smoking! Smoking! Plz People.. Quit Smoking! 
SMS tweets still fail. Twitter hasn't acted on my support request, either.  
SMS works badly 
SMT y TNT showing this old without a trace??? guess that means sleep 
snack and this hills! pool tomorrow. sisters gone for a week and im lonely 
snacked on burger rings. ice cream with cream and flake and coffee while playing gta4 and little big planet. spilt coffee all ova kitchen 
Tonite was not fun....dj was wack.....killed my buzz early in the game....and I missed the spike lee kobe movie....goodnite!!!!!!..... 
Tons of planning--less than 2 weeks  so sad
Tons to do again today, none includes getting any sun   More website, more additions to portfolio, more editing, then Peaches tonight!
tonsilectomy today  gotta be at the hospital by 2pm and surgery is at 4pm. wish me luck!
Tonsilitis...please go away. I'm really not into being sick this week 
tonsillitis, Day 2 
tony awards! good thing I know the best musical already...thanks tony people for texting me as the show started 
Tony I can't send u a message your not following me 
Tony is finding more and more gray hairs in his beard...  Ima start calling them silver I think. ;-). http://tinyurl.com/r2l6vh
tony is STILL at work. *sigh* i dont like it much when he is on call 
Tony isn't coming over 
Tonys Mad At Me 
tonys r over  but yayyy! billy elliot won best musical!!!!!
Too bad as they do a good fry up on the weekends. 
too bad darla couldnt stick around to see all of it and practical magic. 
too bad he dies at the end 
too bad headaches don't go away by just tilting your head. 
too bad i can't find her......   i'm not liking twitter already!
Too bad I can't keep up with my tweets.  Wish there were more free open wifi points 
Too bad I can't listen to it right now  (safe mode) @chngdman
Too bad I don't have a lady to take to Disneyland with me.... I have free tickets.  
Too bad I found out today was take your dog to work day when I got home. I did not see one dog at work. What a disappointment  tear.
Spending My last full day in My hood with all Mi loves.. &lt;3. Don't wanna go back yet 
Spending my Saturday night at home while Audi is out with his friends  I want some friends here
Spending saturday afternoon at the urgent care center. Awesome. Not having insurance, even better 
spending saturday skint at home 
Spending some quality time at the DMV .. again 
Spending some time with my Cat Geo. He has been struggling with Kidney failure &amp; tomorrow we have to put him to sleep. Very sad! 
spending some time with my handsome hubby, our time together is running out    and still waiting for our baby!
Spending the afternoon refactoring the wave release engine. I think it must have been a late one when i wrote this 
spending the afternoon with my Mom in th ER 
spending the afternoon working on @UnLtdWorld 's contribution to @shine2009...and recovering from the thrashing we just got from Utd 
Spending the day hammering a wall out of my in-laws new house with a mallet &amp; chisel. The worst hangover cure I've tried yet. 
Spending the day listing most of my remaining PS2 games on eBay. Depressing. I really hoped not to sell some of them. 
spending the day with daniel before he leaves for bootcamp tomnorrow 
spending the day with error management 
Too bad I got a paper due tomorrow otherwise I could keep partitin all night 
Too bad I had to come into the office 
too bad i HAVE to switch to smart to get my phone  on the bright side, i don't have to reload again . yey !
Too bad I won't be jumpin from this plane 
too bad i'm not going to be here for victoria's secret semi-annual sale 
too bad it's gonna be in august 
Too bad it's so hard to look for shoes in my size. 
too bad Norman Sophie died  that sucks
Too bad paul walker doesn't have one 
too bad she didn't win  ? http://blip.fm/~7cua8
too bad the ambien is in the car...could sure use something 2 turn my mind off 2night.ugh.lib won't even cuddle yet  well gnight friends
Too bad the boy doesn't exist yet 
Too bad the Cav's and my boyfriend Lebron lost 
Too bad the paladin changes were nerfs 
Too bad the weekend is almost over... 
Too bad there's no TiVo here in Indo. 
Too bad tht I can write my &quot;occupation&quot; on MalluTweeps only after 10 more days.  @crazytwism @CruciFire @jeffjose
too bad we don't have a national running day 
Too bad we forgot Val's hat!! 
too bad, mitchel mussos's album didnt come out in Estonia .  and i didn't see the Lil'Wayne's album neither. :S saaad.
too bad. Adam Lambert dont have a twitter account. 
too bad..  lakers didn't win today againts the denver nuggets....i hope cleveland cavs will win the final and lakers too!!!
Too bad.. I really wanted to see #Kobe against #LeBron in The Finals  
too bloody tired today... 
too bored 
Too busy at work to tweet.  can't wait to get home and bust some ghosts.
too busy monday, 
Too busy today to pay attention to the dreary, depressing clouds &amp; rain  Forecast calls for sun on Tuesday! YAY!
Too busy today. In nice weather like this, we shouldn't have to be subjected to work 
too cloudy  Bad lighting  ...Going out to eat with my clan.
too cold 4 da beach!!  waitin n SF. feelin like pasta. missin my &quot;Pearl.&quot; Skewl Monday. pickin up BestDudes: James&amp;Jose.
too cold for the beach  tryin to find something to do.
Too cold inside and too hot outside.  it should be 79 degrees everywhere i go
Too cold really to eat outside anywhere today 
Too cold to get in the pool today.    But at least we can still go Jeepin!!!
spending the day working on finals 
Spending the majority of today reading 'Birdsong' for my English Literature exam on Wednesday. 
spending the morn tryin to get new ebay acct. Have to delete old one that stepdad created  complicated process...ugh
spending the morning removing javascript viruses from clients website. the perils of taking over a project from a crappy developer. 
spending the night @ rachael's with everyone except meagan  wahhh. &amp;+ meggno! needs to get home from floridaa. i miss my bestfriend.
Spending the weekend getting as much of next week's work done as possible - I'll be without a computer all next week 
Spending this beautiful day...at the library 
Spending this gorgeous day inside at the New Haven Pub. Library..gotta get paid.  Really slow today, everyone must be outside. not me 
spending time with my baby girl...before she goes off to college. 
Snacking in the afternoon is a great way to stay awake and a great way to get fatter. 
SNAFU: mixup on the seller's part and they're out of R1 #ValkyriaChronicles. The universe is conspiring to stop me from playing this game 
Snake and Strange Stalker, easy. Went into the new Kurns Tower owned it. crappy loot 
Snap! I just remembered the movie awards are on tonight. I am not going to watch them because Twilight will be the only winner. 
snap, im going home today 
snap. forgot it was maintenance day  blerg!
Snapfish cut off faces in my photos 
Sneaker pimps next year maybe? 
sNeAkEr pimps&lt;study 
Sneaking some computer tme while the family plays t ball. I am in the middle of cleaning 
sneaky people  i just clicked on some girls link ting and it almost gave me a virus :O! now that was scary...
Sneeze Sneeze Cough Spew is how Amy goes when she's got the Flu! 
sneeze............ go away from me! I haven't going well 
Sneezing   Eyes itchy   Hayfever when I'm in the house? 
Sneezing a lot today  on the plus side I think I'll do alright in my science as long as the questions aren't hideous stupid ones.
Sneezing away like nobody's business. Damn hayfever 
Sneezing like mad right now! 
Sneezing my fucking ass off again!?!? Grrrrrrrrrrrr bloody pollen 
sneezing, ahhhhchoooo! oh, and wishing I was somewhere else with my baby, other than work 
snif just got my wisdomteeth pulled 
snif snif snifing....   it is horrible to get sick!
Sniff - Sniff - Tonight is the 2nd to last time Pushing Daisies will be on Network tv    EVER
sniff cough splutter. into work and back again...stephens sick 
Sniff sniff &lt;Aaaaachhhooo&gt;.   Last day of training at a new job and fighting a cold 
'Sniff', 'snuffle', 'sigh'... I really want to go home now... 
Sniff.. Transformers night cancelled 
Sniffing, sneezing and generally spluttering my way into the office  #manflu #fb
sniffle sniffle cough sneeze boohoo it's hot and sunny and I have a cold  what are the odds
Sniffle sniffle cough. Ahchoo. Grrr...ugh.  sniffle
sniffle, sniffle, cough, cough 
Sniffling, and lonely. Great, just how I wanted to spend my day with you 
SNL season finale  so depressing how everything is ending
Snoopy potato chips tastes horrible. And there's something wrong with my spacebar key!! 
Snot Fair...why do I hav ta stay in n revise when it sunny out 
Snow is going away and it probably won't come back in the morning 
snow is in the forecast for tomorrow  Alberta in June....  gotta love it!
SNOW!! oh please! its almost summer..c'mon!!! 
SNOW?  ugh go away, I miss the warmth.
SnowTigers Down  http://bit.ly/ph4uT
Snr Campus at local school has been identified as being the school of a #swineflu sufferer, unknown source, scary 
Snsd=sexy - Lmfao, I confessed to her, and I got owned  I feel as if I should have rehearsed what to say,... http://tumblr.com/xwp24hdo3
Snuggling in bed in my jamas with a cuppa. Don't feel well 
Snuggling up! So cold 
Snuggling w/ the dog &amp; watching Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2...since The Boyfriend has been reinfected w/ the plague. 
so  im really borde and i dont know what i should do. 
so  much for weekends!  
SO #BGT has finished ... which means #Big Brother is bk next week(OH GOD  ).. oh that so means the summer is here  x
so . . . tired . . . 
So ... I know i'm tweeting a lot.  But that cat just killed a squirrel   I'm sad now.  Only not because jessica is on ellen now.
so ... opera unite frees people from being locked into websites by ... locking them into a browser? and an opera account? i don't get it. 
too cold to go swimming 
Too cold to wear a skirt for Pride.  Oh well pants it is.
too cold, damn this air conditioning! 
Too Confused... 
Too down to do anything 
Too drunk to play anything effectively  when i get home.  oh well.
Too early for life. Bed again. 
too early to be crying again...  saying Bye to all my besties.
Too early... 
Too exhausted to get up early this morning so missed the blimming bin men 
too expensive for shoes 
too far  i wanna know who lucas asked to go to vegas with him and get married !
Too frackin' tired to do anything. 
Too freaked out by &quot;In Cold Blood&quot; to sleep. 
Too fucking sick to do anything or be anywhere.  Fuck this SHIT!  FUCK IT!  
Too good to be true. He's up and crying already. 
Too horny to function.  going to sleep.
too hot . cant sleep . need food . too tired to go to the shops . bah 
too hot and im burnt 
too hot cant sleep 
Too hot in my car  I'm not having a black car next time!! Time to turn aircon on.
Too hot in Northern KY today! We have a heat advisory at 8am! 
too hot to sleep and i have the creepy crawlies from all my recent bug encounters  what's a girl to do?
too hot to sleep comfortably. 
too hot! 
TOO HOT!!!  going to see G-ma in Nursing home
Too hot, too hot 
Too hot. Station isn't packed but train packed. No windows open on train. Roasted sardines. 
Too humid! 
Too hungover to make it through the day 
Too impatient to wait for a game which I purchased online fr USA, I decided to get it via torrent and was instantly served an ISP warning 
too itchy to concentrate.  i think i should go MIA again. feels like time is running low for 2 more finals this week....
too late 
Too late @jisasonofatrini - had to do it all by myself 
too late [ again ] watchin @ALEXAtheBand @ngulik ! hhuh * .  .
Too late, too tired, have to open tomorrow, I will postpone True Blood til tomorrow. Delaying watching the season premiere even longer 
so ... the great dane puppy is a no go ... 
So ... the very bad tooth may well have to go under my pillow tonight  I hate the dentist.
so @Jtimberlake created a brand of tequilla named &quot;901&quot; yet we can't even purchase it in Memphis? 
So @mark_doze is trying to ruin my future...so far so good 
so @meganfredette is a better friend then 98% of people in my life &amp; i would love for this headache to go away. 
So @robertverdi didn't show up on Housewives  No 3rd time=not my lucky day. Guess the Shopping Gnome won't be leaving a gift at my door.
So 17th June and iPhone 3.0 not out yet.  Wake up Cupertino!!!
so 2day is also very busy, dancing display 2nite, i duno wat to do with my hair 
So 2day is da last gatherin' @ da Villafane residence in Parkesburg b4 we sell it..After 14 yrs of livin' there  so sad!!
so a break from the rain, then sunday MAYBE, then rain again for the next week  sniff
So a check just came in the mail for Patty cause she was in Demi Lovatos new music video! Lucky ass nigga 
so a delivery attempt of my book was made but i missed it. now i will be picking it up at ups but NOT until 7:15 pm 
So a friend called me really happy to tell me about his brand new laptop.. so I burned down his videocard.. Im the reincarnation of evil 
So a typical day for me is, waking up, exercising &amp; running &amp; exercising. then watching bootleg movies by myself.  Change that please!! 
So a weekly pass with my local bus company would save me money, but not if I have to pay to get to town to buy one - where's the logic?  x
So about me wanting an early night. NOT HAPPENING  So unhappy right now. I really wanted to get everything done and then goto bed but argh
so ADD rite now 
so addicted to stumble 
So addicted to Twitter. My FB account is deactivated for the time being bc finals are here  pray for me that I make it out alive!
so after a few reviews i am thinking it may not be such a great chapter?  let me know...but also follow #peterfacinelli and #gilbirmingham
too lazy &amp; too bored to work 
Too lazy to do anything 
too laZy to doooo homework 
too lazy to move...im sure gonna miss these moments when school starts next week... 
Too lazy to read tweets. 
Too lazy to type down another words.  enduuureeeee......
Too little, too late...   @spauladrian
too mad i did that 3.0 update. now my phone isn't jailbroken anymore... whatever!... going to bed.... so dissapointed. 
Too many app ideas, too little resources to create them. 
Too many cats at the Humane Society  http://www.2news.tv/news/local/48882562.html
too many concerts to go to  i  can only pick a couple. so far im thinking warped tour and all time low
Too many dishes to do today 
too many emotions, i don't know what to feel anymore... blpffftgrr 
Too many Friday lollies 
Too many hangovers in everyones life. Too much alcohol 
Too many ideas going to sleep... 
too many margaritas last night 
too many meds. sleeepy sleeepy. I hate being sick 
too many Oops's by Nandini Ramani  #javaone
too many pancakes 
too many people. i can't breathe. want to be home curled up in bed. 
too many things and too little kane 
too many things to do 2day! my cpu is locked up trying to decide what to do first! at least I already know what's last: work 
too many tractor on the road 
Too many tweets about chocolate biscuits, if I had a car I'd totally do a biccie run, but I don't 
Too many Tweets DM me 
too much bad weather in Sweden 
too much bandwith usage from our deployment  ....going home now
Too much butter in my cookies. 
too much caffeine &amp; stress overriding the effects of neurontin 
Too much champagne last night  most expensive hangover in a LONG time!
Too much clouds 
Too much clouds to sit outside  might as well do some work
Too much day today, after too much week this week. Why do I let things get over-scheduled? The rest of the month is just as bad. 
Too much drama i need a break 
so after scouring the internet for a good 2 hours I have found the only way to get rid of excess skin is to cut it off. FUK u 20 kgs!! 
So after sleeping for many hours, I'm convinced, and subsequently saddened, that I *don't* have Swine Flu. Nowhere near as epic. 
so after watching &quot;Taken&quot; I'm gonna have to watch a whole lotta will&amp;grace in order to avoid having nightmares.  ahaha im such a dork.
So Alex, what happens next? I too hate being &quot;in limbo&quot;. Sometimes my heart is warmed and others my guts wrench and my heart beats fast. 
so alone in the world... 
so am I going to have to buy an Xbox in order to play The Beatles Rock Band game 
So Andy Murray won Queens? ........ I miss Rafa 
So angela did get the breadtop YAY! but her mum nibbled on half of it  she didnt know it was from me to say ty for the nippys promo
So angry  sat down to watch my dvr recording of Kendra just to find out for some reason it didn't record or I forgot to set it.....UGH!!!!
So angry I miss out on seeing Transformers 2 this weekend, I have to work 
So annoyed ! Made myself nachos to find out we only had a lil bit if salsa left and NO sour cream nachos aren't the same without them 
so annoyed !! just got nail polish on my down comforter! trying to get the stain out..with no luck 
So annoyed I missed Mitch Benn @ Lemon Tree. damn you What's On! 
so annoyed my sister went out and bought the shoes that i wanted 
so annoyed one of my keys on here aint working,maths gcse tomorrow apparently,oh and im burnt real bad and all my freckles are out 
So annoyed that my friends are being so crap to such a lovely person 
so annoying 
So annoying. Can't even have a peaceful weekend 
Spending time with the family. Although spending time right now means we all are napping. No I'm not going to the coldplay concert 
Spending time with the girls minus one  http://twitpic.com/7q0mw
spending way too much money on records - check! finding gifts for my host family - 
spending whole week debugging, looking for crash in XP... 
speniding a long day at school.  Tomorrow is band practice   but i do have to work first  hey its money
Spent $60 at Walmart in less than 10 minutes on nothing. 
spent 1 hour to reach to Axis bank only to find out today is holiday for Mahavir Jayanti  contd..
Spent 10 minutes choosing wine at the supermarket &amp; it only took 1 second to drop &amp; smash in carpark 
spent 10 minutes on hold with m:ts support. seems my card blockage won't be solved today 
Spent 10 minutes trying to make Take Me Out To The Ball Game sound cool on Mario Paint Composer. Epic FAIL 
Spent 8 hours in ER yesterday, got home and was still puking. I puked for 18 hours straight, ugh. Feeling better today but really weak. 
Spent a gorgeous evening yest at the Taste Festival.  Missed Hugh because of bloody traffic &amp; therefore my chance to ask him to adopt me 
spent a large portion of the day at the ER (not for me, don't worry) Now I'm going to meet up with a friends without a nap. 
Spent a little time looking at photos on Facebook and now I miss having a functional camera! 
spent a long day dragging the girls around the ITC but am officially moved out of my wsu office 
Spent a lovely afternoon in the beach with my friends and classmates. It was probably the last time we will be all together like that 
Spent a lovely lunch with friends on their barge in Ipswich. Shame they're moving back to London in August 
spent about three hrs running all over manhattan looking 4 a darn iphone. every1 sold out ended up ordering it. I wanted to have it today 
Too much drinking makes my mouth num  I'm num...........
Too much drinking, not enough sleep last night, now off to work 
too much eating in the last two days.. my stomach hurts 
Too much food/wine last night. There's an epic battle taking place in my stomach 
Too much glare on my monitor. Can't adequately play Rainbow Six 
Too Much Grape Last Night 
too much headache 
too much holiday 
Too much homewooork!  I don`t wanna doooo theeeem! ( Somebody help meee! ( @DavidArchie, do my homework for me! lol kidding! )))))))
Too much Hungry...  waiting for my hubby to come home... *sigh*
Too much its all too much...my stomach hurts 
Too much junk food... Haha aaww I would but I'm actaully getting ready to go sleepy right now. I srry 
Too much Masterchef. I burnt the caramel for my slice. Epic fail. Feeling very sad and slice-less 
too much music and nothing to put it on 
Too much on my mind, I can't sleep. I'm supposed to be in for church in an hour and a half btw 
too much on my mind. i can't sleep. coming home to reality is really killing me 
Too much phone hurts my ear 
Too much poker on Sportsnet and TSN... I need to see my damn sports replays! 
too much polyvore i think, my download is all gone  i'm begging my dad for more download but he won't let me! 5GB won't last.
Too much pudding? 
Too much rain! Got soaked in my sweater on the way back home.  Hot shower after feels awesome.
Too much rum at this party!  Bad smelling.  
too much step to connect to pre-paid mobilepoint wifi  took me 30mins to get it. should be 1 min easy step
too much sun  makes you sun burnttt a lesson well learnt lol.
too much tamarindo juice tummy hurts... 
Too much to do 
too much to do  not enough motivation 
Too much to do on a Sunday!  Brooke's student loan app, mow the lawn, grant summary report to write, &amp; visit Mom in hospital. 
too much to do tomorrow, tooo too too much. 
too much to do, too much going on. funerals, case studies, editing, gigs. can't switch my mind off. sleep is going to be a problem. help. 
too much walkin though 
Too much web 2.0 crashes firefox in ubuntu 
too much work and class woww 
too much work done.... lots to pack and now my backs' gone for a toss..... 
too much work I won't be able to work out today  this sucks.
Too much work to do as far as moving, had to skip Men's Breakfast this morning 
too much work to do.  why is my tutor never happy???
too much work, too little time 
too much work. phone borked. very very upset.  don't really have any will anymore.
So anyway I read up on Iran and   
So apparently I got an award for philosophy and chemistry. I wanted maths. 
so apparently i kinda messed up my knee- the bruise is getting bigger &amp; the scrape hurts more 
So apparently i'm becoming more lactose intolerant  boo on that no trips to scoops 
so apparently im NOT gona go see george lopez tonite like i thought i was 
So apparently my dad thinks its ok to stalk my twitter. this has been the worst week ever. i hate my life. 
So apparently no kisses for a long time 
So apparently someone jumped a curb on the perfectly straight road near our place and hit a tree! Poor tree, what a terrible way to go 
So apparently USA is a Muslim nation now...hmm...gonna miss everyone @ connect today! 
So apparently ustream decided it doesn't like me anymore. Like watching jimi's ustreams though 
so apparently you can't get the flu after you have a flu shot..tell that to my aching joints, constant cough and fever 
So Apple just rerouted my new macbook AND cancelled my 3GS pre-order AFTER my phone was shown as being upgraded so I can't reorder. WTF 
So as  I was in the process of waking up, I completely thought it was Saturday. 
so AT&amp;T has updated the policy for early upgrading... I'm now eligible in 2010.  Yeehaw.  
so awake now. @Kiss_TheseStars is away home  i wish it was yesterday, it's a gorgeous day and i'm working. sitting out just now though...
so awake right now  i need sleep got a big day tomoz
So back to the original plan then. Goddamn American healthcare. 
so basically i am working 12 hour shifts this weekend which blows! and tomorrow is father's day and matt is stuck at home with the kids 
So basically i think i have five pounds of food sitting in my stomach 
So basically, my apartment will probably icky since we're cheap. 
So Behind the Scenes Footage caught me doing something I am very apologetic for. Really SORRY Kevin! 
So big ups to all the dad's that do their thing! I think that father-daughter relationship is so necessary! I miss my daddy! 
So bitter about Glastonbury this weekend! Ugh. @dearlenny why are u doing spain when u can do glasto?! 
Spent afternoon with mother in the hospital. She went in yesterday with kidney and pancreas problems. Better today but will stay awhile.  
Spent all day yesterday with wifey. Of course that won't happen again until NEXT sunday 
spent all evening canvassing the neighborhood looking for my missing cat.  No luck. 
Spent ALL morning at dentist NIGHTMARE got 5 injections, no work done &amp; now i have a lisp, can't eat &amp; my tongue is NUMB 
Spent an hour cooking dinner, only to find I can no longer eat chicken... Very sad since it smells fantastic 
Spent entirely too much time on blip.fm tonight and will have to stay up extra late to at least make some progress on this new project 
Spent evening looking after suki doggy shitting herself everywhere, falling off the decking into ditch and whining &amp; running into things 
spent four hours sunbathing XD but now the trees are blocking a big enough patch of sun to put my towel in  x
Spent last night and this morning mopping up child sick. When will it end.. and when is it MY turn? 
spent last night and tonight pretty much curled in bed, catching up on the office, the simpsons, and family guy-- i need a life 
Spent last night in A&amp;E (ER). Wife tangled wheels with Daughter &amp; hit the deck. Dislocation &amp; fracture resulted. 
Spent last night with Tegan Jovanka. In my Dreams 
Spent lunch blogging about the move of blogging platforms - and still haven't got past the 'why have I moved blogging platforms' bit 
Spent most of son's 4th birthday apart frm him so as to minimise risk of passing on the flu to him-and his sister 
Spent most of sunday studying ecenomics 
Spent most of the night looking for a pair of shoes that I'm almost positive I threw out, really wish I hadn't 
Spent my entire day in Warren dealing with a family death. Hopefully Annabelle will save me from that dreaded small town tomorrow. 
spent my last tenner till next Thursday 
Spent my lunch hour makeup shopping...ughhh i wish i was rich, i would buy a whole sephora store 
so bloody busy today in work  at least my wee sis is on her way
So BNP get first seat in EU Parliament. That's £500k's worth of funding for them unlocked. The &quot;them and us&quot; mentality is here to stay 
so board 
so booooooooooooored 
so BOOOOOOOOOORED. 
so boooored 
so bord without lozzy 
so bordd ant dun owt all dayy 
So bored 
So Bored  i dont know how to work twitter!! help!! :L
so bored - i hate sundays 
so bored  should really get an early night...
So Bored &amp; So Sad 
So bored ... Wish it was 5.00 already. it's been such a slow day 
So bored @ work, no one good is working  snoozefest 2009
so bored 2 bffs r having a party 2day(both have same b-day) and i cant go to either party 
So bored and cold. 
So bored and sleepy. On my way to houston gonna miss him 
So bored at work already. 
So bored at work today!!  i need someting EXCITING to happen! all these old snobby rich people r driving me crazy! lol
so bored at work, its ridiculous, and my Saturday is going to suck with class in the morning 
so bored been out all day driving 
So bored friday on this night! 
so bored i have my 7th grade big exams next week 
so bored i have the hiccups 
so bored n luving maddie n missing her 
so bored nothing on tv nothing to do 
so bored nothing to do  how shag !!!
So bored now there are 3 people left in my house 
So Bored of revising 
So bored of revising. Still, one day left till my last 'proper' exam. I've so failed my degree! Can't handle these exams 
so bored of revision but cricket soon ... not sure if i want to play though 
So bored of sitting in bed I want to feel better 
so bored ppl x hate beeing ill x 
so bored right now 
so bored right now... gonna try and fall asleep after these sleeping pills work. I got a dr's appt. tmrw so I can't sleep in  life sucks!
So bored this Saturday night 
So bored today.  Nothing to do.  
so bored waiting in the airport &amp; won't be home til midnight 
So bored wanting an icee 
So bored with this. Must keep going 
too much, way too much.  sorry boys.. 
too much... homework 
Too nervous to call my dad to wish him a happy father's day 
Too nice out to be at work 
Too nice out to have this class 10:30-1. That's prime beach tanning time  lol
too nice to be in work tomorrow 
Too nice to be working but got to go. Oh to be a freelancer 
Too sad to do anything 
too sad to twitt..  
too scared to talk to @drewseeley so I hung up!! GRRR!!!mannnnnnn.... 
too sensitive.  this is baddd!
too shag to do anything.. let alone running and gym. 
too sick for rigging tomorrow.  
too sick to be here 
Too sick to bike to work. Actually likely too sick to even go to work, but I don't wanna leave them short staffed 
too sick to blog today in http://www.fashionlimbo.com/  off to the doctors in an hour!
too sick to go out   ohhhhh tummy...
Too sleepy to come up with anything clever to tweet.  
Too soon for more drugs 
too tired for a very long essay that does not stop.... 
too tired to do anything. no energy left.  But today is...PIRATES day!
Too tired to even go under the blanket. 
too tired to learn  was fun yesterday... love ya twittiiies
Too tired to take a 4 hr exam 
Too tired to tweet today...  nite
Too tired to upload pictures. I'm going to sleep now. I'm sad that a lot of the tweets I had from tonight didn't get posted on twitter. 
too tired to watch the MTV Movie Awards..  thank heavens for that pvr!
Too tired, cba with history exam  fail, didn't even revise wish I had  ffs! xo
too tired, have to get ready for work tomorrow. now bf want's Tv off so no noise when sleeping 
Too warm here... Having trouble breathing  Gotta get up and do something about this... Party in 3 hours, so 
Too warm to be in a suit 
too warm to sleep.  like seriously WTF??!!!
too warm!  i think its like 30 degrees in my room! &quot;/ :O
Too wet to cut firewood, internet is down and can't find a mug for my milo  http://bit.ly/3vFeE6
Too wet to mow the lawn or wash the car today.   Time to catch up online! 
too....much....foooooood. 
Too...Black...Goth...Scary...Not me...OMG what IS my page?!  I'm confused. It's kindave pretty...But too goth...Vote, tell if too &quot;goth&quot;
