too nice to work 
Too overcast to use Poppa's new Father's Day present (a telescope). Erg. 
Too rainy to stop in Gettyburg today.  maybe on our way back south.
Too sad 
TOO SAD!  SHINee won against SuJu?! LAME~
too scared for bed 
too short for indiana jones.  hahaha!
Too short of a notice... bummer. 
too sick for crawl 
Too sick.   Scaling writing goal back. New goals. 1. No chemo puke. 2. Write at least one page in my novel draft. #writegoal
Too sleepy for flex...getting ready to go in for first though 
Too sleepy to be up and working. 
too sore to go to EP 
Too sunny for a monday 
Too sunny outside, don't want to work today. Shame I'm in till 8pm 
Too the dentist in 10 min... 
Too tired 
too tired  I can't stand studying anymore!!!!
too TIRED even though i slept at 3  life is cruel as i have tutor soon...
too tired for any more revision! 
Too tired for exams 
Too tired for work 
too tired to dream 
Too tired to even be disappointed with myself 
Too tired to function and just wants to go back to bed but the stupid sunshine is coming through my curtains 
Too tired to get out of bed... But the curtains are drawn and I want to see what the weather is like 
too tired to get up..gotta start makin some moves WORK later 
too tired to go to bed 
too tired to go to work today... 
too tired to stay up.  @ashemas HIIII!
too tired to workout today. my body needs rest. i feel guilty 
Too tired.  Still feeling sick, stiff and dizzy  Screw the mall. Save $ and watch the Kardashians marathon instead ;)
Too tired. Want back to bed 
too tired.. I slept only 2 hours 
too upset to work 
Too warm  not used to this heat in Glasgow
Too warm and can't get to sleep 
Too warm!!! 
Too wet to cut firewood, internet is down and can't find a mug for my milo 
too windy outside, can't go out  i've just been inside, ALL DAY LONG ;) i could go to movies with my friend tonight. should i go, or not?
Too worked up and excited. Must focus on a theoretical proposal on a stem-cell based pancreatic cancer therapy. Pancreatic cancer sucks 
Too. Much. Cream soda. My stomach hurts now. 
Too. Tired.  And grumpy 
Too... Early... To be up on the weekend 
toojays deli changed their menu... 
took @ngrisham to airport as he is DEN --&gt; LGA again this week.  Listened to @therealtoriamos round-trip; 'Abnormally' album is so good!
took 1 sleeping pill last night at 815pm. Fast asleep by 9. Didn't wake till 11am. got to work for 12. Not feeling good at all. 
Took 10yo on 20-mile bike ride getting ready for 25-mile Elephant Rock next weekend. Only one unfound #geocache on the route and DNF'd it 
took 4 hours from Rangsit to Pinklao this evening, so tired. 
took a 2 hour nap... now gotta get ready to bring @aj_basa to sac airport 
Took a bad allergic reaction to a bug bite  i'm worried
took a good shower n now im wide awake  work tomorrow 1-830 
took a hot bath..my leg feels tiny bit better....hopefully it wont keep me up all night again 
Took a nap &amp; woke up super thirsty. I blew up at Adrian. I feel really bad now.  I get jealous when he pays more attention to his storm
Took a nap and a shower. Heading to peter lik. Paul still not doing good at poker 
Took a nap..woke up with a cold/migraine...watching Dexter.. @mommadukes226 miss u 
Took a packup with me today. All gone before 6am 
took a percocet two hours ago for my back pain and it's still hurting. 
Took a pic of it. Tried to twitpic it. Can't figure out how to do it 
took a power nap before the dinner party. meeting new people makes me little nervous though,, 
Took a shift at OIT 5 to 9 tonight. No more internet or smartphone after tonight 
Took a short nap now Im ready for work. My sun burn hurts 
took a shower, now waiting for my mom to be ready to go to her friend's uncle's memorial service. 2day is a depressing day 
Took a shower. Left towel on bed. Again. Bed.s soaked. Ugh. 
Took a walk and ran across a beautiful robin's egg. Turned it over and saw a hole with a dead baby bird inside.  It was really quite sad. 
took alyssa a bath she has a fever 
Took an early morning jog, and now @ this place bored. 
Took an hr nap... having a head ache now 
Took apart UMBP to fix trackpad. Upon taking off @speck case, crud had stuck to the case insides &amp; scratched into computer. Not pleased. 
Took Bella to Griffith Park. She saw the ponies and went to the zoo. Still walking in a fog, though. Ugh!  How long does this take?
Took E&amp;W to pediatrician, both are sick  Dr D is awesome! Looked at my cellulitus and prescribed meds for me too. I feel awful.
took far longer than it should have... the next bag will take less time.. the light from my machine puts out so much heat! 
Took grad photos with the GPhi seniors this morning... the end is near 
Took her daughter to get her MMR jab 2day,my poor little baby 
took his download band off  the only way was to cut it! noooo
Took hubby to airport &amp; hit showers going over 205 bridge.  Messed up my clean car!  
Took in a walk in downtown with the KP steppin' thingy. Got free goodies! But, my legs are hurting now! 
took lil Mia to the vet for some teeth pulling  going to relax all day and get some things done around the house
Took me 3.5 hours to do the 22 miles to work. The only reason I could see was a small puddle under a bridge which had been cordoned off. 
took mis peros to the groomer, it's to damn early. 
Took Munger &amp; @jotong to see Terminator: Salvation. Um.... really, really not impressed 
took my gauges out... 
Took my pup to an outdoor shopping mall and some woman called her ugly  Was torn whether or not to cry or punch her in the face.
Took off  work 2day 2 take care of my baby  I feel so bad 4 him....he'll B ight tho . Now I'm watchin SNAPPED marathon!  YAY!
Took Otis for a walk &amp; now I'm Ã te up with mosquito bites 
Took out my contacts. Layin in my warm bed in a hoodie and sweats. Plus a scarf and hat. I be cold! 
took over an hour to get home 
Took part in the London to Brighton Mini Run yesterday - funky minis everywhere - made me miss my Babs! 
took some fiber...twice today really thought it was going to happen but no shit for me 
took some nice photos of @sproutdog this morning then it hammered down with rain  http://bit.ly/hVa2z
Took some SOMA and going to bed!! I have given up for tonight! Pic won't load...feeling sorry for myself... 
took the biggest nail clippers i could find and chopped my acrylic nails off... my poor nails look like they got jack hammered 
Took the boys to eat and play, hoping to get some reading done. I still have 2 1/2 chapters to read 
Took The Day Off College To Catch Up On Sleep And Get My Feet Back To Normal Size. And My Cat Decide To Bring Alive Bird In - Great! 
took the day off work, end up working harder at home  
Took the plunge and got DMC:Greatness, now I have to wait for the fair to come back to town 
took the RD out to the store, ran great. too bad there were no harley guys to scare with it  BTW: sale on sketchbooks at Utrecht. nice!
took the SAT2 for bio 
took them 3 minutes and they made it wrong   
Took too long uploading La Crosse pics. Karen and Jack broke up. Trying to help.  Probably going to oversleep again. Graduation in 3 days!
took what was supposed to be an hour nap before roller derby, ended up sleeping for 4 hours  going to try to sleep soon, working dub in am
Toon game so v painful to watch what has  become of us? Woe are we 
tooo early. im running late. 
toooooday is raining 
Toooooo early 
Toooooooooo hot 
toooth ache  =/ lol nice and sunny though
tooth acheeeeeeeeeee 
Tooth feeling a bit better today - eating is still not working out so well 
tooth thru my bottom lip  ohh well.. still having fun tubing w/ courtjo- txt me!
toothache 
toothache  brother lands in london inn 4 hoursss
toothache -&gt; infection -&gt; abscess : and still no dental appointment 
Toothache is the worst ache of all. 
toothache isn't much fun 
toothache just aint funny 
TOOTHACHE STILL PRESENT, 13 DAYS TIL I CAN HAVE ANOTHER GLASS OF WINE, OR A BEER IF I CHOOSE. 15 DAYS TIL I VISIT VV...17 DAYS NO JEN 
Toothache well I guess it's my jaw and a head splitting headache. Not a good fit! 
Toothache!!! 
toothache. 
toothache.. 
Toothache/jawache/gumache/cheekache. Basically, my right, lower, molar area just hurts. 
Toothaches suck! 
Tootie turned 5 today!!!  Where does the time go? 
TOP 3... SUSAN BOYLE..SKEEN LOL, JULIAN SMITH, OMG, AND.... DIVERSITY AHHH OMG YAAAAAY!!!!!!! BUH FLAWLESS DIDNT GET THRU 
TOP MODEL IS ON. woo go lola.. i mean .. wait who do i go for now  tahnee?? fuck you cassie.
Top of the morning to you! l lost my phone yesterday   I hope it's at the pizza place...I think that's the last place I used it.
Topshop, why do you tempt me so? 
Tore my 5 year old pair of jeans playing cricket 
Tore my meniscus in my right knee. Surgery here I come 
tore some ligerments in my foot and ankle lastnight so sore 
Tori home sick, Sophie @ moms,Christy exhausted, &amp; I have a massive head ache-Was up til 2 am w/ Tori  Monday's suck-and $30B for GM--WTF?
torn between cars 
Torn between watching Terminator or Transformers this weeken ! 
torn down 
Torn up about friend who disabled facebook acct. He was always there. I miss him. 
TORNADO over Indianapolis  Updated radar http://is.gd/Kh4g Storm's norh of them. CALL OUT INDY NINNIES! Lemme know you're all ok!
tornado warning! 
tornado warning---i hate these storms 
Torrential downpour. And i have to walk the dog later 
torrents are taking foreverrrr. why is it so slow  fuck you youtube for halting my tv watching.
torrentz.com told me it would take me 2 months to get seasons 1-3  I am currently relying on On Demand in the adult swim section.
torturing weeks uaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah 
Toss, turn, think. Turn, toss, think. Toss, think, turn. Turn, think, toss. Repeat. UGH! Go to bed brain and go away 24 hour tummy ache 
tossed and turned all night   sooooooo tired. not wanting to be at work.
tossin n my sleep with nightmares 
tossing &amp; turning all night, plus my backs killlllllllling me. Jacuzzi's warming up, I hope it helps! 
Tossing and turning...decided to turn on the computer again.  And I so wanted to wake up early tomorrow. 
Total craptastic day.  Miss my baby so much...
Total FAIL!  Clear WiMax modem doesn't work on my Mac   WTF!
Total loss of appetite  Afternoon friends gathering... to eat :S
total mess... i think i just broke ipod. oh, what am i going to so without it? 
Total Nerd here.. but I am devastated. I just read that the last Titanic survivor died yesterday.   RIP Millvina
Total of 10 reports done and it's only 1.. Off to my other job 
Total of 95652 nasty creepy men @ the liquor store...&amp;Me...in itty bitty shorts&amp;tank 
total pre-launch madness and extra hours... I want my weekend NOW -- IF I don't have to work this weekend, that is   #fb
totaled my car todaaay~~ ER for 4 houuurs. and now D isn't coming over  fucking bad day.
Totalled my car last night  I'm so sad. At my dad's after work, hope something works out.
totally @reese the airline is selling out the good seats fast, it was an A380 which I really wanted to try 
Totally agrees with maria 
Totally at a concert w/my boy and his cousin right now. Shoulda been down w/the spontaneous shit from the beginning! Still hungry though. 
totally bad mood 
Totally bored of researching primark  and i miss my joy so much
totally bored right now!! 
Totally bored tonight psh lame weekend 
totally bored watched like seven hour marathon of degrassi 
Totally Bored!   
Totally bored.  Anyone in L/EL wanna do something? Being grown up isn't as fun without friends 
totally bruised my foot playin indoor soccer..  lol
Totally bummed out that we combine rooms right at 3, my plans for my kids totally just got shot to pieces 
Totally bummed out watching the Cavs game. 
Totally bummed that Pain of Salvation had to pull out of the Progressive Nation tour 
Totally bummed that the guy who originally said he wanted to buy my photo has flaked out after giving me the runaround for 4 days! Argh! 
Totally bummed that the pie leaked out everywhere and made a huge mess in the oven. 
totally bummed, alone tonight 
Totally can not fall asleep. Not cool! 
totally confused ugh! help 
Totally craving going to Akbars as soon as I heard Comedy Dave say 'chutney' on Radio 1. 
totally depressed 
Totally depressing coming to work on a Monday morning in the rain, and i forgot my lunch... 
Totally despondent because my laptop is a lemon - sent it to Texas for repairs or replacement.  Nov. revisions will have to be on hold 
Totally devd for Everton.  ?
Totally didn't get carded at dinner last night.  But at least they checked my ID at the 'sto. 
Totally disapointed in the dessert at the Ritz in dc!  oh well at least I didn't waste the calories on it... Ok maybe a little!
totally dissapointed i cant go home next week 
Totally don't wanna leave my little rock peeps! Just weird to think ill never be back....  http://myloc.me/4pj6
Totally dreading taking my cat to the vet...poor Brewskie! 
Totally dropped my blow pop... so not cool... 
Totally failed 3/4th of my final 
totally feel for truck drivers.  drove 4 hrs last night and woke up with achy body 
totally feeling like shit. hate the fact that i have to go back to school tomorrow  life just went downhill all over again.
Totally forgot about it 
Totally forgot my car radio at home and had no time to go back for it. Such a quiet drive. 
Totally forgot my charger ! So my phones almost dead  lamee
totally forgot she had soccer today. ugh  today was actually good too...
TOTALLY FORGOT THAT RICKYS BAND WAS PLAYING TONIGHT at the CS fest!! FUCK! Sorry guys 
Totally forgot to mention I've been home alone.  Hence the going out...even more. 
totally forgot to update my iPhone this morning. I had dreams of playing with copy and paste all day. 
Totally had sex with johnny depp in my dream last night. not what i expected 
Totally hangover.  Sun is shining. Otaliaholics have a nice day.
Totally have a case of the Mondays and its Friday, I need some encouragement 
Totally in the mood for pancakes. Banana variety. Sadly- I don't have the time 
totally insane,, at this hour still doing the-never-ending-assignment 
Totally jealous that @neongreencookie is enjoying an Izze right now and I'm stuck with tap water 
totally just cut my hair dude, then one side was longer then the other so i just kept cutting and cutting, 6 inches later im almost bald 
Totally just realized, just this very moment, that I won't be calling my grandpa for Father's Day. This can only end badly.  Motherfuck. 
Totally just remembered last night I had a dream with an AMAZING new media concept and for the life of me I cannot remember 
totally just stalked @mannygarcia 's blogtv ... promise im not a creeper  , but good job ! !
Totally lost my ChessCube mojo 
totally love EASports training  since not lucky enough to win one    w/be purchasing &amp;quickly shedding the LBS cuz i got LBS to spare!
totally messed that whole quote wrong. failure 
Totally missed out on the Etsy Dallas craft fair last month. Me sad  Must catch the next event.
Totally missed the AM mark by a lot. Now I feel like my whole day has been wasted. 
totally missing Chrome Help Forum 
totally need the toilet. got told my ben and jerrys failed at life 
Totally no energy to pull myself out of bed to yoga class!  I shall pin my hopes on a jog tonight. sigh.
Totally not cool.  iTunes is saying unable to restore and update iPhone.. Trying again 
Totally not like me.....havin a quiet weekend   
Totally Nothing 
totally on the dark side right now. all my mail just vanished from my mail program.  BOO.
totally pissed away her day doing nothing! Gawd, now I'm behind 
Totally regrets watching The Haunting in Connecticut. 
totally regretting getting a large burrito instead f a small. i should have been more specific 
totally sad ... 
Totally sad now. Don't get to go to italy. WAY to expensive. 
totally shocked by the episode of house this eveing  Lost one of my favorite characters.
totally should have worn my adorable rain boots today, at least to get here...especially since I've only worn them once 
Totally spaced on Mayhem show tonight and stayed home and baked cookies instead. Euronymous would not be proud  http://twitpic.com/6ihpr
totally stoked about my new hardshell case for my Air!! not so stoked about dropping Bowden off at @ColleenBurns's later... 
Totally stoked that I'm going to bed at 10 tonight...I'm a loser 
totally the star test is almost here!!!  ahhhh!
Totally thrown off track this afternoon by my daughter being unwell. If it isn't one, its the other. Depressing 
totally unable to sleep  damnnnn
Totally up driving in the van at 7:09am. My head hurts and my eyes feel dry! 
totally waiting for my wesley to text me or call me ... i havent talked to him all day 
Totally went tanning for too long yesturday. I'm a red lobster!!!  it burns!!!!
Totally wiped from two hardcore days of coffee making. After 4 months of this I'm going to turn into a coffee bean 
Totally wore the wrong shoes to work. 
tothdsntm 
Tototally wants a Suzy!! But Fendi would be soooo mad!! 
Touched something I was allergic 2 and my arms are red 
Tough day filming, about to start edit now - even though its a pilot this was a hard scene to capture, and we may need to cover it again 
Tough day...i hope it just gets easier from here 
tough lose for the blazers tonight... 
tough loss 
tough loss tonight cards 
Tough ride today. Just over 5hrs. Covered all the big climbs in Surrey. Last 10 miles hurt!  anyhoo I'm ready. Wales next week...
Tough week. 
tour of brockaaa today.. although probably not because its raining 
touring a preschool next week-little sad my baby is old enough to go to school 
touring harlem. nobody wants to get off for pix but me! denied! 
touring the hotels and camp sites today. crap weather today 
Tournament today...  at least i can putt lol
tour's over   i HATE goodbyes, just can't stand them..The last night was amazing though, our gig, Undertones and our dressing room concert
Tow chateado 
Toy Library envelope stuffing today! not birthday shopped yet 
Toy Story 3  dont ruin my childhood like that !
Toy Story 3 teaser trailer now up. To infinity and beyond! Ride like the wind Bullseye!  Movie out June 2010  http://bit.ly/WvxMr
Toy Story 3 trailer premiered with Up. I need my computer back. 
Toy Story 3 will be out in a year. The toys are dumped at a day care center when teenaged Andy finally leaves for college. 
ToysLogic took down their 1/8 Touhou Project pre-orders. Guess I'll have to pre-order from J-List for 10 dollars more per figure. 
TP2 de spec formelles pour le 15 juin... when will I get my life back ? 
TPA- another 2 hour delay from United 
TPG say we've been shaped at 64kps, but I swear even in the bad old days of dial-up it wasn't this slow   They should shape to 256 kps
TPS reports. 
tr.im is not letting me authorize my twitter account  How do i get the stats on a tr.im url  then #fail
tra la la la!!!! Worried about Roy...and dont go all hoosiers on me!!  my poor baby gerbil 
Trace cyrus has 'stay gold' knuckle tatts...isnt that a new found glory thing...?fail by him 
Trace is mineeeeeeee. How rude Demi  hahah
track for mothers day with my pink eye booooo 
track meet ystrday...did prety well...today im sick  and my cuzin in coming
track meet...mile...fail 
track meh: out to nothingness, wake up too late 
Trackball fell out of my Blackberry  Anyone know where I can get it fixed????
trackball on blackberry is gone forever, so i'm unable to bbm or text until i get a new phone. 
TrackID doesn't work in my phone, neither do brains in my head 
tractive young women') haha what a shame i have to go home and revise 
Traded the Sun Run with walk-in clinic. I guess twas the responsible choice 
Trading in the Wii for store credit...so so sad! 
Traffffffiiiiiic  and apparently rain on site. Double 
traffic  might not be able to make it to the play this afternoon.
TRAFFIC . I should have left an extra 20 minutes earlllllllllierrr 
Traffic at lunch  http://myloc.me/40Xw
Traffic at the border is a killer.......looks like this will be an hour wait 
traffic from bing.com is tracked as a referral in Google Analytics with no keyword information 
traffic is awful today in Paris!!! &amp; I spent all day in my car 
Traffic is starting to heatup in the court everyone and their momma's are making an appearance. Love holidays, but not the day after 
Traffic is t3h sux0rz 
Traffic jam at woodlands checkpoint!! 
traffic jam in this jakarta's evening... ahhhh 
traffic jam so close at home. 
Traffic jam! 
Traffic lights at Windsor Bridge are only letting through 3 vehicles at a time - causing tailbacks on Upper Bristol Rd &amp; late buses 
Traffic on the 91 
traffic school alllll day boo! 
Traffic sucks 
Traffic totally sucks coming back from beach 
tragedy strikes! i cannot find my french textbook - je suis triste 
Tragedy: My best &quot;math&quot; friend (who I haven't in 3 years -- damn hurricanes) had a QUIDDITCH game in NYC today, and I was in New Jersey. 
trailer for Precious aka PUSH-the novel is verrrry depressing.    Its a giant FML in film
Train 25min delayed due construction work and rerouting 
Train cancelled - having to do the scenic route via bus. Joy 
train delays this morning, my journey took a while, a bit annoying as it has made Friday feel much much longer - boo 
Train delays this morning. 
Train line to my dad's is fucked! Hate replacement bus services  better no miss too much of the game! X
train station was a bit of a caffuffle... jess has gone! 
train to London from Swansea. Since when has weekend upgrades cost 20 quid?! I'm sure I only paid a tenner few weeks ago 
Train to work is so cold    X.
Train to Zurich this morning - last stop 
Train today. No bike for me- incredible backache 
Train. Ugh.  Morning!
Trained the intern girls this morning, cheered on Chano as he ran his mile...all this physical activity and I got none! 
Trainer Gabe has convinced me that the pain in my shin is indeed a shin splint...poo.  
Training day done, now the email inbox. Ain't gonna be out of here by 6 tonight 
Training for Nationals, can't eat anything good to make weight 
Training going slowww 
Training in a bit  im soo tired.. my arms ache and imm soo tired 
Training is a bore  - http://tweet.sg
Training it to Jersey! I so don't miss the shore traffic. I guess that makes me a BENNY now 
Training today and hibachi steakhouse tonight! One last dinner out with Vadim before he leaves on Tue back to Tajikistan... 
Training update - legs hurting 
trains are v boring 
Trains put me in a whingy, whiney, moany mood... 
Tralalalaaaaaaa. God I'm so nervous about everything  Hope it all works out.
Trampolines are dangerous! People tend to fall over and hurt their arms!   trampolines are bogus!
Transcend Portable HDD fried up ... within warranty .. but no receipt .. screwed up ... 
Transcribing interviews is such a drag. Especially when the best one stopped recording after about 30 seconds 
Transferring music right now...REALLY gotta revise for this exam tomorrow morning though 
transformer at the imax was amazing, shame i have to work now 
transformers #2 made me really, really sad. &lt;/3 starscream&amp;R8 
Transformers 2 cannot come fast enough 
Transformers 2 midnight tonite, but not tommorow now 
Transformers 2 was AWESOMEEEEEE!!!  being sat in between your friends, both of whom are couples...? awkwaaard. I want a Jonas.  Hmph.
Transformers 2: I'm excited to see some Transformers on the big screen again, BUT, Oh Yeah Michael Bay directed this one too 
Transformers 2: Worst movie in the history of Hollywood. Can't believe Spielberg and Bay made this. And I used to like their movies! 
TRANSFORMERS IS FUCKING EPIC!!! BEST FUCKING MOVIE EVER!!! Shame there arent as many F-22's 
Transformers ROTF ads on TV all day -Movie, toys, Cell Phone ads... Stop it! Have to wait 1 more  mth for it to come out 
Transformers tomorrow! work again tonight gay  Whats the big deal about megan fox? get out of here with that already.
Transformers tonight followed by more transformers tomorrow..I'm a nerd 
TRANSFORMERS!!! i wanna watch it but the cinemas near my hse is fully booked until sat even though i wan tickets on wkday morning 
transitioning slowly back into Box Hill life. it's very unexciting 
transitions are better, but still no MMS for me   cmon, apple!  You call this an update?? Voice Memo, Search feature is cool ...letdown...
translating some boring articles 
Transport into Seattle. Tired want my bed back.  hope eveyone else is having a good night
Transporter has finished. Come back Jason 
Trapped at Ray's. 
trapped in a van with non-tweeters! They are ganging up on me #pleasesendhelp #now  http://myloc.me/4GXL
trapped my finger between the door and the door-frame. Now I've got a black fingernail! Ouch! 
Trapped on Elizabeth St in a downpour, want to be home where it's warm and dry 
Trashed Adium and downloaded it again. Still not working. It won't even start 
Trauma team called in at work, think someone got hit off their pushy in the dense fog 
Travel Channel's Ghost Adventures is so good! I miss ghosts 
Traveling for work tomorrow...leaving the little guy for the first time! 
Traveling SFO-BOS, and United seems to have pulled my upgrade  #yankeeclassic
traveling to L.a today to see grandpa in hospital..Yet another road block to cross fro my family 
Travelled 10 hrs from past 2 days. Now heading to meerut for another 4 hrs journey on road 
Travellin down to southampton - wish i was watchin andy though 
Trawling the online job ads 
trea me like your girl not your doll !! huaaahhh ! dolled me up ! 
Treadmill time. I need motivation. the TIVO is pretty bare. Just TMZ today. Not sure I'm in a TMZ mood. Live tv is an option, I guess. 
Tree #fail.  Welcome to home ownership.  http://twitpic.com/6flwu
Tree infested with #Harlequin #Ladybirds damn. 
Trekking out to VA to take Kona to the vet. Poor thing will be shaking like crazy when she figures out where we're going 
Tremendous weather in Pune! Going back to Mumbai heat seems boring! 
tremendously unhappy; 3 things i need are nowhere to be found [euphoria, art, dance] oh joy... wheres @maeveeee? 
Trench = dug, rain = fail  looks like I won't have electricity in the brewery today unless the rain quits.
Trending Topics: Top Item: I Want Revenge          now what does that tell us? 
Trent Barrett... Are you freaking kidding me?? Where is my Matty Cooper 
Trent looked so healthy in that &quot;Hand That Feeds&quot; video, but now we are getting old or something I guess 
Trey Songz  is in the Queen City tonight wish i could say im gone be in the building but it is highly questionable at this time 
Trey songz was at hav a nice day cafe last night. And i didnt kno till today.... 
Trey's taking me to the airport...bye west coast! 
Trial runs are a good idea! Not enough icing to also do piping.   Was looking forward to playing with new pasty bag.
Trials and Sester aren't convinced about this new technology. 
Triathlon over - what next - oh yeah another exam - crap 
Tribella is not enjoying the rain 
tricked heaps bad  working bee on saturday = poo
tried 2 make a lasting impression....but i dont know if it worked. 
Tried a cool program that transforms your machine in a real Media center...great potential but still buggy though   http://boxee.tv/
Tried a great wine, Hey Mambo's Swanky White, at Greek restaurant with my friend and now I can't find where it's sold  http://ow.ly/bl0A 
Tried a new bar, ordered my new bar test drink, a sidecar, came with a lemon slice, not a fan. half the glass was sugared vs the rim. 
tried a new italian resturant... Da Vinci's.  It was kinda bland and to expensive for what we got... the appetizer was the best 
Tried an alluring dance for my wife!! All I got was 'How GAY!! R u trying to come out 2 me?' ... SHE NO LUV ME NO MORE  LOL
Tried and dont know why 
tried ass fuck thought gotta work tomorrow 
tried gettin on my faithfreaks n it wouldn't come up 
tried helping 2 friends in setting up lan connection. failed.  problem with driver.
Tried ice. Tried teething tablets.  He keeps waking up, throwing paci and then hits me.  
@supahlissa I know. I always get my best LOLs material from them. 
@supastarcity soweeee  hit me.
@SupBreaux meh, headed home now.. gonna rock some tacos with a coworker.  @quahog_convo - not sure if i'll make it out  long day
@SupBritt lol girl, i like, creeped your online life forever until you started following me on tumblr.  sorry for being a creep.  
@supbro  aww crappy   i've been there too
@super_hijacqker work 
@Super_Woman - No, that's not the same one 
@superandy_07 black like your heart? 
@superandy_07 was just kidding cause you just tweeted &quot;&quot; and nothing else lol, aye well lets hope so, im currently cleaning 
@superaquafloc Awwes...  I hear ya about the drive though... damn that gas!
@superazn i wish, i still have to get over 1000 points to get to level 4 
@superbad24 don't tell me he woke you up to ABBA songs 
@Superbad24 yeah I just noticed... 
@superbadgirl Royal Mail ripped you off on the Neil stamps, I take it? 
@SuperBadVixen yea but i got pnuemonia  thanks babe
@superbarry I dunno wat that means but I did not. U touched me &amp;walkd away smh 
@Superbatboy1981  no, THIS is why... http://twitpic.com/7zc8w
@Superbatboy1981 lol shuttup, and no  (it's not out yet)
@superblue unfortunately not at civic camp. 
@SuperChrisss Ok thanks, me, andrew and lewis send our apologies as you didnt get to say anything before you left 
@supercoolhotwea 843am and dentist 
@supercoolkp  my sympathies. i found an ice pack helped somewhat. Oh, and pain killers!
@supercoolkp I tried  Hosp nurses don't seem to do discussion. Have survival notes from mate tho to get me out asap ;-)
@supercoolkp I'd just like to move the Old Mo to the end of my road 
@SuperCracko Not as beautiful as I would have hoped  http://www.twitpic.com/5oue5
@SuperCricket Lying liar what lies  your lies make me cry. tears of despair.
@supercujo I know! I kinda feel sad for some of them though. 
@SuperD123 I really don't have any idea on the regions 
@superdeluxxx He has a point, what are you meant to do with the hat? Awful lot of pineapple goes to waste by virtue of being inedible 
@superdinogirl I've always wanted to play snap ever since it was made but I never got a chance to... 
@superdumb Ugh. The early rising is so much more frustrating (to me) than kids who won't go to sleep at night. Good luck. 
@SuperDunner he tapes in New York, sry no extra tix 
@SuperDunner I got kicked out of Room 1 on the discussion 
@SuperDunner yea sorry, my shuttle was at 6am. 
@SuperDuperChic  keep us updated, I call mom with your updates
@superduperjes  Aw, c'mon, please call a vet? Even if it's just for advice. One day could make all the difference.
@superduperjes (2/2) but i don't think you'll find an immediate cure/relief for your ear ache 
@superduperjes yeah, its not the coolest thing I've ever done!  Beautiful day out, and I am watching it all from the couch!
@superduperkya LOL! I get so angry when people think I'm mexican. 
@SuperEna97 THATS SO STUPID! ON MY ASH MYSPACE IT SAYS I USED UP MY DAILEY USAGE OF COMEMTNS  WTF!!
@SuperEna97 ugh, you got me all hyped for nothing 
@SuperFAFA sorry i missed your messages, updates aren't  making it to my phone...it better not be malfunctioning i just bought it 
@Superflyse yay for stalking indeed.  on faulty tapes!
@superfro432 3.0 is ok can't wait for at&amp;t to get the mms up and running!!! 
@superfro432 I do not, however, have any booze.  Sads.
@SuperGarbz i missed flawless !  gonna check it on internet soon! but true DIVERSITY WAS CRAZYYYY !!
@supergeekygrrl i'm up too this is going to be the 4th night... 
@superherojamie well i have friggeenn accounting in the morning  when does music start ? do i come straight from accounting or can i eat ?
@superhootie @TomMitcham Poker starts at 7:30p. I won't be able to go beforehand though because I'll be at the Biz After Hours event. 
@superhussy what did law &amp; order just do?! i didn't watch tonight.  #missingout
@SuperiorEgo OOC: ..What? I meant no offense.. 
@SuperJams What bit you, and I always put off the dr. He always just tells me I'm broke and need surgery 
@superjeans looks like the LC2.5 wiki editor strips out &lt;object&gt; tags 
@SuperJerry haha owned!  getamac
@superjono Oh.. Mobile broadband isn't very fun...   What ISP did you go with?
@superkappa oooh, that hurts 
@superkappa ouch that sucks! 
@superkate89 lol I got him back :p I'm bored it's 1.12am and I can't get to sleep 
@SuperKaylo Apparently my winning code &quot;Isn't valid&quot; 
@SuperKaylo hi im a big fan of insiders i think you and mr pointyhead are both ace,i have broken my arm at school  but oh well!
@SuperKaylo Introduced my fiancÃ©e to Phoenix Wright today. Hates games, loves this. Even tried playing while driving with me in her car. 
@SuperKaylo me neither  hmm.... thinking not to get F1 2009 on Xbox360 then
@SuperKaylo NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Today is a sad day indeed. 
@superkaylo the live thing on site doesnt work 
@SuperKaylo where is the monkey island interview I can not find it  http://myloc.me/5zQG
@SuperKev what format? I found I can never get .gifs to upload. Usually, .jpgs work. But now it hasn't updated since yesterday. 
@SuperKwa  it's not over kwa...fight back with all you got!
@superlative not tall enough 
@superloulou argh so jelous you did dim sum!  bag humbug! Wish I was unemployed so I could play out with Tony!
@supermac18 finals suck  when ru done school?
@supermac18 umm, i met you at the Demi Lovato concert! I'm not in that picture of your fans. 
@supermacsbomb ~ We're officially eighth graders! xDD I'll miss youu  Have a great summer, and throw another sleepover over the summer ;DD
@supermANDREA haha my seat was at the back, its a gold seat but it was at the very end 
@supermanfan78 I was at the pool too! We were swimming together yet miles apart....  
@supermark I fail at putting together websites. 
@SuperMiek yeah it can be. it sometimes pulls all my eyelashes out aswell 
@superminhfr cheers mate that was helpful - read the manual but still don't get what I have to do with some of the buttons 
@superniicole I missed you today 
@SupernovaGirl the nearest is pretty far away.  but...perhaps after the summer. perhaps.
@supernovaLogo it is but sky gettin dark on my side of town memba I in canarsie 
@Superpaperlink @treesmurf11 Oh that's just annoying.  I guess it'll only be used for the DSi specific stuff like the apps and shop 
@Superpaperlink Cant believe ive missed it 
@superpuppy @shultzys I can't make it to night.  My kids have me locked in the house. Drink a beer for me. Send pix.
@superqueero Yeah. My friend Ryan's been saying &quot;thirty-foaaarrrrr&quot; all day.  It makes me feel bad, and I have no idea why.
@SuperRecords Sad and happy. I am a two-pole XD. Mcfly does not come to mexico 
@SuperRecords t's Keren, so you mean you don't work at super records? 
@superrrabbit Same problem here. Tried it 1st with previous version iTunes, after updating problem still excists. 
@supersandoz I WISH! PA is so far away 
@Supersham87  that's exactly what i got 
@supersmoke09 they got me doin a totally different run now 
@SUPERSNAKE1 i know....u end up on the damn computer too much...amazing how productive i am when i don't get on this thing 
@supersoyary oh damn! i am so sorry! 
@Superspence ugh why does everyone get their tattoos without me?  i wanna come with.  what are you getting it of?
@SuperstarDJRay I am very saddened  My grandma and cousin are both battling cancer right now
@superstarlmr ah ok lol. It doesn't start until 8am, but cos Ticketmaster is so unreliable I have to get up earlier these days 
@supersweetmack oh I'm sorry thats kind of my fault. The show ended super early &amp; I had to take her back to her car, &amp; her phone died. 
@supertunaman Aw, poo.   I need MOAR developers on HayProj, but peeps don't have skillz or are mercenary skanks that won't do it w/o cash.
@supertunaman with the slavic characters? he doesn't support unicode 
@supervisionx Well it's too late now cuz I already took work home w/ me  BUT start my day w/ Macchiato sounds good! ;-)
@supervixen456 no I don't girl  I hope to soon.. I would like to try a few..
@superwife I'm so sorry to hear that 
@SuperWiki He's getting all these great roles tossed his way, but unless this one shoots over next summer, he won't be able to do them 
@SuperWiki SPN season 4 has commentary! yes!  Hated that season 3 had no commentary. 
@SuperwomanAK I'm about to do a gig at 21p.m. PT but I feel really sick and I'm not felling the DRUMS  What do u do when u feel like this?
@SuperwomanAK work  my summer plans don't start til next Friday. Then I can finally turn this  upside down !!
@supjoya And I thought I had it bad. That's horrible. 
@suplada halos pareho nga! tho i feel like mine is shortr since i haven't had my hair this short! kakaloka. can't wash my hair until tom. 
@SupportSPN I'm having problems with Paypal 
@SupportSPN thanks... was the price you mentioned before is on Amazon.com as well? (probably shipping will cost me more...   )
@supppashley Mine is being stupid. 
@SupriyaMM --- yeah.. sniff sniff. i think i will be doing that only!! 
@SuprnaturlShana he not getting off early? 
@supsusmita I WOULD if my dad wasnt up 
@Surabufix I have Sims 3 too, LOL! Haven't seen A&amp;D cause I didn't like the first movie. No twitter updates to my phone from you 
@surajkala When you go to kill Dhoni please also kill Jadeja 
@surajram I cant change that.. i have tried.. but now i have reduced it to 3 flickr photos. I understand what you mean... 
@surajv  here 3 Gb limit. &lt;sob&gt; #maxis sux
@surbhi04 ahhh! that is soo bad!   then y u giving it more pain by typing!
@surbhi04 will actually miss you on yahoo as well  #battleground
@surbhi04 Yeah I know. But can't help it na. We are very less people who keep singing #battleground everyday. 
@sureshbalaji doesn't look like i'll be able to make it to whitefield 
@sureshot boo! That sucks 
@sureshot21 yeah. 
@sureshtvin yes please do.... i dont even ve the details of the event 
@Sureway I want a hug 
@surewhynot A third? Damnit at work I need a second.  I feel like I'm working with one arm cut off here.
@SurfCityJay looking tired and flat last night for sure.  Could not stop pressure of the Pens in the 2nd.  SH pressure too  big game #5
@surfclubhit awwww  I hope you feel better soon, Hit!
@surfdreamsx I wouldn't worry, I hate how I act around everyone  Bah, I wish I could be someone else.
@Surfin_Dave I believe we epic failed 
@surfin37 I like em all, but I played baseball up until I was 18, Koined the USMC, then I was told the Angels wanted me to try out. 
@surfingbellie looks like the rain is set in for the week for you guys 
@surfingislander we're still waiting 
@surfingthesun and NOOB SHIT!! HAHAHA. omg. i miss jiaoraja i very long never talk to her alreadyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  ask her get twitter sia
@surfnmusicexpo omg that's the saddest thing ever  they should make her eat it! My grandpa said if u kill it, u eat it! No killing 4 fun!
@surfygurlx cheer up 
@surfygurlx oh dani im so proud!i will stalk you another time though, im on my mobile 
@surgeAA ahh alritey well I'm off back to history  I'll check backk laterrr
@SurgeonsSOS as trainee if I can see online that ADB pays $125 and you pay $10 I'm suddenly thinking their training looks much better 
@SurgeRequena umm no more jokes?? 
@suriyawong I want to go to Peggy's Cove 
@surkin85 when are you coming to the states duuude? 
@SurlyWenchPub aww i'm gonna miss it! Bummer. 
@surprisejunkie Just think he has more creativity than what he is currently showing... obviously doing things for the $$$ too.. 
@Surreal_Hippie Your email went to junk and then I deleted it by accident, I am so sorry! If you could please send it again please. 
@surrealexchange dude i feel you i took a massive nap! now i have 2 essays 
@SuRrealMimOsa i no, i really want to go out n get drunk, but im on a diet, so no alcohol for me 
@SurrendrDorothy I had a tough time doing anything here yesterday around 3, 3:30. 
@SurreySteve i dont do cars only computers's  off to see a very nice man in a garage 
@Surroundings Sorry I missed Thursday.  Look forward to reading your post about it. PS I am almost out of peonies in my garden. 
@SurtaX mmm i dont think u have been getting my sms replies  :S? exam soooooooon BRRR!
@survivorqueen I can't shes taken my keys to muh car. 
@survivorqueen sorry it was so late  @omgitsJustinTR WTF do I look like? lmfao
@suryasnair what was reclaim the streets??? damn! this thesis has put me out of the loop, i have no idea wassup in Helsinki!  #fail
@susan_adrian   ~*SENDS BACK HEALING VIBES*~
@susan_cute haha iyah.. salah gw td reply di email  Kamis yuk? Pulang kantor? itu my only day off.. gw butuh penenangan otak dan badan 
@SusanBoylesCat LOL.  I can't believe I missed that.  The greatest Treasurer ever, gone.  Quoth the Fiona, Nevermore.  
@susanjane it's horrible  I genuinely thought they would at least try and pull thru..
@susank agreed. it's pouring down rain here... sucky weather 
@susankildahl I am not seeing anything on face book re the party 
@SusanLambe and i understand Bruce won't be back either, Andrew Lofthouse wil prolly take over 
@susanlani nope! MrTweet still not working for me  bad computer! bad bad computer)! LOL
@susanlu That's a Florida staple.  A solid month of random explosions.  I'll miss the egging.  Those neighbors moved away 
@susanmacneil , thats awesomeeeee , i dont think im gettin one anymore . since im going to ontario  &lt;/3
@Susanmorris I'm so sorry I haven't aswered you, yet!  I'm gonne do this this evening! How are you?
@susanreynolds I'm sorry.  Pistachios are not as high in phytoestrogens as soy, but they are still up there - about half of soy.
@susanreynolds Yes. 1 reason I left medicine and went to tech. The kids broke my heart.  We never hear about those little fellas. sad.
@susanstn opps,, still unable to DM you at the moment.  maybe twitter bugs after the maintenance.
@SusanSweet aw i AM too late  i bet you look awesome in the JP dress.
@SusanSweet thx, but they're all still in my closet  i can't seem to be able to get rid of them! i guess i have bad taste in shoes?
@susanvertago  Want some help...we're here for you 
@susanvoth lol. I just got asked to close.   sigh
@susanweinroth no heather ross fabric for either of us. I tried 
@susanyamane Nope, don't go out on Fridays, work too early on Saturdays 
@SusefromPeaSoup  xx
@susestudio Hmm - My userid has stopped working 
@sushiaaa ONLY13!  but my ONLY13 would be minus Kibum, hello Henry. )) LOL. *gets shot* I AM STILL BITTER AT KIBUM  :|
@sushiannnn I'm drawing like nobody's business too 
@Sushiboofay When you look at the whole story leading up to it, it's really fascinating. But also very sad.  I'll have to do some research
@SushiFlower11 we went to the donut place and there were only donut girls and it was closed. 
@sushilicious not for long.  
@sushirockstar lucky! Las Vegas!... jealous. Miss you tons right now. Wish you were here... or somewhere closer. 
@sushisexpop well that's a bummer - it sounded interesting 
@SushiSlutBarbie dang niiice too bad ur in the other side of the U.S. 
@Susie_Nutbar Hi Susie! I'm very well indeed, thank you for asking. Do enjoy your bbq later on today! Not warm enough for one here 
@susie107 I assume you're 2nding my comment abt Baby P? Are things like this coming more common or are we just more aware? It's very sad 
@susie130 yeah, I dont get it. It worked again with the last vid,but I cant change the old ones info 
@SusieBaseball Puts a lot into perspective for me 
@susiebubble  oh well.. next time you're around, give me a call and we'll go for a chat !
@SusieCornelius I'll be helping poor people get loans they won't be able to pay back  I may begin to slowly die inside
@susied23 I miss my A-Level French classes - used to spend alot of time watching Truffaut films &amp; writing about them 
@susiefabulous Miss you at the house  Big BBQ this year...or maybe a few...
@susiesue85 it was ok - more funny than what it was supposed to be probably! i dont know his name - sorry 
@suspension That is SO sad. Ugh. Pens needed to win 
@suspiciousminds holy shit . that was gut wrenching 
@suspiciousminds Sorry to hear that Kristen 
@sussbutterfly @Shelley3166 bahaha it totally IS a bad thing! Kerr won't get out of my friend suggestions. I delete him and he comes back 
@sustainatweet I want to follow up with you re: your DM. But I can't since you aren't following me.  Can we fix?
@Susy714  unfortunately Dane did not call anyone up on stage  I didn't get to meet him. I took pics though!!!
@susysu Can I have some...  feeling cold after my walk and need some food 
@sutherncrazygrl booo, no fun 
@suthunfox  http://www.thestar.com/article/640713
@suvanaa oh  what have I done?
@suvanaa well, i dont want you staying mad at me  I'm not gonna see you for ages anyway, I have exams for 2 weeks
@Suviko Still trying to figure T61 out. Just hadn't have the time to do so .. 
@suvrobanerji I miss our 4th floor parties too!!!!! 
@Suw oh kittens! @thecheekster and I luv kittens. We have 3 cats: elsie, Sophie and Napoleon. Did have 4 but Mabel disappeared 
@suweee ugh D: wish we had a better teacher  WHAT NO TAX? that's crazy shit ;__; did you get it from the ticket machine thing?
@Suwellie - we'd love to see you too but next week won't work.  we have friends from boston come stay with us.
@suwitda I wish u were to drive thru it for me all this just to stop &amp; buy sum exspensive hair I shouldnt be buying.. Double 
@suyinjun damnnn.. i need to go running too. but it's SO DANGEROUS over here  
@Suyonce what time does it start???Awww  I wish i wasnt workn cuz i would def walk in my sisters memory 
@Suzannanya Well done you, isn't the dentist scary.  I hate it 
@suzanne_tennant wish I could help 
@suzanne_young YES it is, but makes me sob just thinking about it. 
@SuzanneHeleneV Thanks for your support!  It's so sad. 
@SuzanneReed and bacon and egg sandwich? Now you've made ME hungry. 
@suzanneyada Sorry Suzanna, you always need me on the days I'm out of town 
@suzeeeeee i hate how this is happening my last days here. im so hungry. i cant swallow ANYTHING. 
@Suzemart ahh that does suck so your literally going to run into your house, change and walk to work. 
@Suzemart aww  dude ill sneak you in during 4th of july weekend its absolutely crazy here
@SuzeMuse uhm... thatâ€™s backwards... and ... wrong... and...  ... 
@SuzeOrmanShow  can't afford fancy drs.  just whats in my lousy hmo! 
@SuzeOrmanShow But I can't DM you since you're not following me  I wanted to send you a DM back and it failed.Would you follow me? Please!
@SuzeOrmanShow does not service my zip code 
@SuzeOrmanShow Suze, why are your tweets all within quotation marks, tagged, etc. Is someone twittering for you? I sure hope not! 
@SuzeOrmanShow tell the folks at mint to get on twitter and then tell them to add my new bank! Jst found out its not found on Mint. 
@SuzeOrmanShow the set took the blue out of your shirt and it takes the blue out of youe eyes too 
@suzeormanshow The tornado killed my cable and its not up til Thursday. I cant watch tv 
what the hell San Antonio! Im leaving in 3 weeks and NOW .. NOW u wanna open a Gay Club in the South Side!!! ur killing me! ugh im so sad 
what the hell stomach? i can hear you loooooud and clear. 
What the hell, my phone has just stopped recognizing my sim card. 
What the hell.  I thought I was getting better.  Took a nap and woke up feeling worse.   Ugh.
WHAT THE HELL... IAN ISNT WITH THE CAB ANYMORE!?!?!?!?!   
What the hell? Animal Abuse   http://bit.ly/WGWUU
What the hell?!?! All I'm trying to do is add a picture, and it's not letting me, even though it says &quot;Nice pic!&quot; Nothing shows up! 
What the hell??? Something is wrong with my twitter 
what the helll... the link for ringtones on the cd doesn't work 
What the shit!! My nail polish is already starting to look jacked up. Well, only if you look real close. But still 
What the, I don't want Thursday and Sunday off! I want my Tuesday and Saturday  I wish jennie would stop messing with the schedule!
What the.... Didn't have time to tweet since more than 24hours ago!!! 
what they don't realise is............... that i'm broke. and they think i'm rich. and they think i can buy my own hair colour thing. 
WHAT TIME IS EVERYONE GETTING TO BBC SOUND? IM NOT GONNA GET THERE ON TIME! 
What to do on a friday night? SLEEEEEEP. So tired. I've been going on 4-5 hour sleeps. 
What to do this weekend, what to do. Don't think I'll be making it to Michigan for The Wonder Years. 
what to do today.... workers in and i need a shower 
What to do tonight! I'm tired from today, one client left, then what to do?!.....oh and ben ain't home! 
What To Do We Think My 17 Year Old Jack Russel Had A Stroke Lastnight  Hes Blind/Deaf And Im Really Sad Right Now........... 
what to do what to do what to do with the rest of the day....other then moping up missed peepee 
what to do what to do???nothing every interesting happening...bordem is a curse. 
what to do when your really bord?and finding it hard to get a new job  x
what to do with my night?  The only sure thing so far is that I have an empty tummy 
What to Do, =/ Bored 
what to do, nothing to do. the wheather needs to be better 
What to do, what to do? I should really do some work 
What to do., what to do.  I wanna  figure out this &quot;blip&quot; function but I'm afraid it will get too addicting.  Need to hit the books. 
What to say  Purnell's had his Howe moment without the gravitas. I wonder who's promised him a job...?
what to wear, what to wear, what to do, what to do! urghhhhhhh dilemas 
What today is friday man I'm so lost lol! anyway this rain is killing my mood nothing else to do but to chill at home watch some tv 
what tv show should i download?? damn, all the good tv shows are finished with their season...i gotta wait till the next comes out 
what tv to get: samsung 46' b650, 55' b650 or a led tv? can't decide 
What u know about that?  What I do know about my bed is that I misssss it 
What up ab circle! Anddd It's still in the box  f work
What up all the people out there? I'm bored  &lt;3
What up everyone? Jc rp crew what u guys doing? I been thinkin about brian and how I feel so bad cus he gets played a lot..he so nice 
What up homedoggs? T:S was ok, no plot but shit gets trashed so it's pretty sweet. Am alone tonight, bad times. Anyone coming round? 
what up my young twitter friends!! Happy June 1st!. Wait, why am I excited. this just means I'm getting older this month 
what up tweeps!! did i miss anything??lol without a phone for a few days so ill be mia 
What up twitter world .I need help boy problem he act so sweet around but around his friends he's a jerk .I need boy help!! 
What' up Twitters ? Next day in NBA playoffs and next surprises. Sixers won in Orlando  Atlanta won against Heat. Great defence by Hawks.
what w/e over already! Had a leak down there  emergency plumbing required,
What was a sinus bother has landed in my chest like a couple of bricks! Ugh! I hate being sick! 
What was I going to do? i've forgotten. 
what was i thinking staying in williamsburg for the next three years 
What was that I did last night 
What was with that white dog sitting near her feet then haha it looked dead. 
WHAT WE CLOSE AT 12 TODAY? Damn, I have a meeting from 1-3. Ugh. 
what we have now with mandy and DBIS may be bad - but imagine what it might be like in may 2010 if Cons get in 
What will I watch all week now that BGT is over 
what will u do if u're abt to get ur twitter time just to find that ur electricity went off one day, and internet connection the next 
what would i give to be at #asylm right now? by the way it was cruel for @mishacollins to leave us hanging after his last tweet. 
what ya think who's gonna win the world cup this time ..?? disspnted..INDIA no more will have that title 
What you don't know  Is that I lie awake  Wishing you were here tonight 
What you know about Wally's? http://twitpic.com/6ani3 $5 coronas though 
What you said was not what I meant, 
what zit???  oh, OMG! 
What!!!??? all my followers end up with closed accounts 
What!!?? *biiiip* dies in Desperate Housewives!??? I never thought one of them would die!  I liked her!
WHAT.! why is who wants to be a millionaire on?! 
What.. AM I DOING!?  Well.. I am currently upset that Xbox Live is down 
What.. These auto msgs haven't stopped yet... Help twitter 
What...? Bye Bob Kelso 
What...?! No Jay Allard?  #e3
WHAT.THE.FCUK. Failbook, is making me mad 
What?  No Cyanide &amp; Happiness today?  
what? cbc sunday is cancelled? i mean, i was becoming more critical of it, but it was still a part of my sunday ritual. i'll miss them 
What? It's only Thursday?? Oh no!!!!!! 
What? June 16th was Picard day and I totally missed it  THERE ARE FOUR LIGHTS
What? NO NCIS marathon today? *sigh* I am NOT happy fellow tweeters! 
WHAT? now i somewhat regret my decision to sit this &quot;season&quot; out.  @i_am_scifi
WHAT? only 12 of my credits transfer over to Emerson. grrrrr. that makes me still a frosh. my first few semesters are going to be loaded 
what? seems so weird....lyk, well, nvr been lyk tht b4. umhh..... think i cnt sleep 2nyt. god i need u..... 
What? The rapper from aesop rock is white. He has such a deep black man voice though. 
What? What? WHAT???? How did Yasmina win?!?! Silly Sir Alan's gut instinct!! 
What?! Ok there is missing footage in that episode!! 
What?! Stupid Twitter thing 
What?!?! No more George on G.A.?! That's not good. 
What?!?!?@pauval  whatever
what?? SOLD OUT ??? oh....   already?? how? ...... *crying* ... not fair...
what???! That made me sad.. I liked their music.. 
Whatever for Dinner is, it smells really really really really good.  I'm getting sooo  Hungry! 
whatever happened to nelly? and 5ive? 
Whatever happened to the Sarah Connor chronicles... Keep up the good choices fox 
whatever I say or think; I'll love you forever and ever, and the jb too; it's only i'm dissapointed 
whatever it is Java, C#, or C++... it is always one only thing... debugging 
Whatever my mother is cooking, it's making me retch 
Whatever the stupid was that was infecting everybody this morning, I also appeared to have caught tonight 
Whatever to go 
WHATEVER YOU LIKE, sayonara 
whatever. i give up, my phones about to die anyway.  next time
whatï¿½s happening with cooliris ? the results are limited compare to the past ? 
What's all this about people living in England? Add me to the list, I live here too 
What's alumni band missing? A Kaylene, of course. 
What's been your experience with NO? Is it worth it?  My copy of Brink's BBR got lost in my other comp  #bodybuilding #fitness #p90x
What's bothering him? 
whats every1 doing? no 1 hollaz at me  lol
what's everyone doing. I'm bored &amp; free till 3. 
what's everyone's obsession with orlando?? I'm too poor to go to disneyworld 
What's exactly the difference between iPhone 3G &amp; 3GS, i'm gonna cry I just have 3G 
Whats funny?  i wont try to @ reply cause of what happened last time...
WHATS GOIN ON ITS A BEAUTIFUL NIGHT IN CHICAGO....NO LIQUOR THOU 
What's goin' on? My followers are decreasing. God! 
What's going on in Iran is disgusting 
whats going on to my twitter... the reply button, the garbage can and the star sign doesn't show up! 
What's Going On With The Settings On Here? I Can't Change My Default Pic...  
What's good everyone!!!! Sorry I been gone but Holla at me sometime I miss y'all 
whats good for the day???...nothing think im staying in today dont feel that well 
What's good with breakfast? I'm starving 
Whats happened to all the decent men?!!!?!? 
Whats happened to the nice weather? 
whats happened to the sun the rain is horrible 
what's happening to me? amfffff. 
Whats happening to the forum? 
Whats hurts the most... I love this song and the video of Jemi , Make me crying  t.t
what's in your mind? cause i wanna know since you changed 
What's more disturbing from E3? Peter Molyneux's &quot;Milo&quot;, Nintendo's &quot;Wii-citement monitor&quot; or the announced Tom &amp; Jerry MMO? Can't decide 
What's more is I got a bad case of rhinitis due to the time and temperature fluctuations. Just resting and relaxing - what else can I do? 
What's Mr. Prices number? Douche isn't here! 
What's on your weekend agenda? Mine: work    ---I hope you've seen all our TorD videos---it was so much fun!!! Xxx AJ î?šî€ŽîŒŒ
what's taking them so long? 
What's the best cure for a heartache? 
What's the best cure to stop mosquito bites from itching? It's so bad that it woke me up. 
What's the best screen capture software for the Mac? I love SnagIt for PC, but there is no Mac version 
What's the best tool for sharing pictures on Twitter? I noticed that @henriliriani created dznr.org but I'm not invited to that party 
what's the diffenents between the people you follow and those who're following you? I don't get that 
what's the point in hayfever, all it does it make people suffer 
Whats the point in pre-ordering something so you get it first and the n its still doestnt arrive 2 days after the release date 
What's the point of liking a guy tht doesnt like u back......its not worth it 
WHAT'S THE POINT OF PREORDERING IF YOU DON'T GET IT ON THE DAY OF THE RELEASE. I'M STILL WAITING. 
what's the point? 
what's the purpose of me running the mountain 2day i been eating nonstop ever since so sad 
What's the refresh key for MacBook? I'm too used to spamming F5. 
What's the web site that allows you to figure out if you're the top Twitterer in your city?  I forgot the website. 
whats the word when you say something and its like.. ex something. like you say it and you're like  and you're exhausted? it's got dly too
Whats there to worry about 300+ girls at Six Flags with my bf. What can go wrong 
whats this about shaq switching teams?? cavs? denver? i don't follow basketball!! 
whats this i hear that GOAPELE is gonna be in Modesto on the 13th?????????? UGH FML i wont be here and i LOVE LOVE LOVE HER!!! 
whats this weather all about. its cloudy and rainy... 
What's to post a funny convo but can't fit it in  not good
Whats up ? been absent ; but now I'm at work 
what's up everyone?  i missed david a's concert yesterday 
Whats up to all my twitters i was trying to figure out why saturday morning cartoons suck 
What's up twitters?!! God! I'm soo tired  spend the hole day &quot;shopping&quot; but i didn't anything!! 
what's up what's up what's up everybody?... I'm so bored ! 
whats up with all my boys losing this week? Ronaldo now Nadal 
What's up with all these FB errors!!! 
what's up with gmail's spam filter?  in the past week it has let thru more spam than i would usually get in several months 
What's up with the green icons? I'm getting envious. 
What's up with the weather NY?  Wanted to go on a looong walk to n over the BKLN bridge with my baby girl today... Hmmph!
whats up with the weather? where did the sun go? i forgot what country i was in when i got dressed this morning. im gonna freeze to death 
What's up with this weather 
What's up world! I'm fixen' to chill out and relax!! It is freakin' HOT outside!!! 
whats up world, in chillin b/c it is a new hot day and no one is around to chill with me  so whats good, hit me up Hondadan@gmail.com
Whats up yall?! iHope everyone slept well...CAUSE iDIDNT! 
what's up? not much 4 me  Ha i like never use this 
What's up? Not the stock market. 
Whats weird is i am going the right way now and it still yelling at me. 
What's with all the killings in churches lately?! My heart goes out to Dr. Tiller's family. 
What's with all the Terminator fans non-love of Dollhouse now  - at least we just went straight for Fox  when Firefly was binned!
whats with girls telling me stories about getting felt up by other girls.  why was i not called while it was happening 
What's with my twitterberry? Looks like my friends havent updated since yesterday. Either ya'll are sleeping or I have no friends 
whats with people who log on to facebook just to use the stupid quizzes 
whats with the rain?  xo
What's worse than a fever and sore throat? Cancelling a trip to see your little bro because of a fever and sore throat. 
what's worst then not graduating? when your parents don't believe you'll graduate in october,  this part sucksss 
what's wrog wid my laptop 
whats wrong with lilly allen - why would hse say that stuff ?   and i actually used to really like her .
Whats wrong with me why am i gettin bored on a saturday 
whats wrong with my foot? 
Whats wrong with my phone? Im not getting any messages 
What's wrong with my tummy? Why am I feeling this way?   
What's wrong with ozzy? Hey dude are you okay? 
Whats wrong with this world, first Trace and Demi know NIck and MIley ! 
WHATS WRONG WITH THIS???? toadinthehole with mash, peas and lashing of onion gravy? rob wont have it !! thinks chips are better 
What's wrong with Tsel signal? Always at this kind of hour. 
whats wrong? 
What's wrong? 
Whatta day! Sooo sore 
whatthedeuce! Im so not in the mood to write reflection papers! 
whattttt the CMTMusicAwards are on tonight?! oh, duh. shizzz. I can't watch it.  oh well. GO KEITH.
Wheat Chex, you done me wrong. There must be whey in there somewhere because today I paid the price.  
Wheater getting cloudy 
wheater is horrible 
Wheeeere are my girlfranz? 
Wheel hop in a 258whp FWD car does $$$ to the tranny 
when @dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @mcflyharry @tommcfly were in brazil, they were near my time zone...now i sleep through all their updates 
when @imogenheap replied to me she told me Ellipse comes out aug 4th. I could listen to it on the beach. now with it out aug 24.... 
when a buyer refuses to pay on ebay, i know you get refunded final value fee, but do you gt to relist it at no extra charge? 
When am i getting a yearbook?  today was strange
When are they going to give me my Wave account? They said they'll give me it after a couple of days after the conference. 
when are you leaving  @kaylaxbrittany
when da heck will the garage man get here I ask you.. WHEN.. 
When did Alyssa Milano start being a 'My Name Is Earl' regular?!I miss 'Charmed'  !!!
When did I lose my motivation, my momentum? 
when did i start breaking out like this? my face looks like the surface of the moon, i'm gonna cry 
When did I stop being good enough 
when did things change? 
when do the stars come out?? 
when does &quot;Prjct Rnwy&quot; start up? I'm kinda not even giving this Fashion Show a chance.luv Kelly don't get me wrng,but miss Heidi  and Tim 
When does that bruno film come out? wanna see it, going out  to see termanator, doesn't have arnie in it  has christian bale in it (yay!)
when doesit air? im so sad now  @billyraycyrus
when everyone's sleeping its boring bcuz no one is posting...its super boring when its night in the USA 
when fun turns into nigthmares... 
when given 7 weeks to complete.. actually 8 weeks, but SHE COUNT WRONGLY!!!!! CRAPPY!!!!  FEEL CHEATED..
When golf ball huntin, found 3 
When Hive Mind rules Earth that will never happen again. @CynthiaY29 Second Life is down 
When I bend my body a certain way my back hurts soo bad  I'm getting old!
When i can sleep in.. I wake up at 930  awesome.
When I comment someone I expect maybe an answer but not frm this dude  I dont see why I keep turning back and getting nothing in return
When I decide to start blogging again, my Macbook dies 
when i dont follow my instincts, I always miss out!  fare thee well adam - I had a feeling I should've watched spooks on monday... &gt;
when I feel like writing is when I do not have a pen in my hand.  When I don't feel like writing, I have a pen, computer and an excuse. 
when i finally got nothing to do, the weather is shit, and i can't go (sun)bathing. that is just unfair. 
When I get bored I want to post a new tweet. But I'm really just not that interesting. 
when i get home from my french final i am downloading the iphone update and going straight to sleep because i'm so tired this morning 
When i get too hott i get a headache, being allergic to heat sucks. No tanning for amanda anymore 
When i go to france im not gonna be able to tweet 
when i got sick 
When I have to get off, it is hard to get off. When he says that he loves me, it is even harder. I guess pulling the plug is easier sorta 
when I left the house today, it wasn't raining. Now it is. And I'm wearing canvas shoes 
When i need you you leave 
When I planned my costume for Sunday I didn't plan on having to cover it up with a rain coat 
When I said once I was going to see Danny La Rue, a Canadian friend of mine thought I was talking about a French revolutionary poet 
When I said once I was going to see Danny La Rue, Canadian friend of mine thought I was talking about a French revolutionary poet 
When I say awake...I mean going to get coffee and donuts on my way to the carwash kind of awake!!!  24 hours carwash??  Not likely 
When I say its hot at this golf course, I mean its HOT!  My tan gonna be crazy this summer!!  Oops my agency doesn't want me to tan 
when i say math final tomorrow i really mean  guess im in a happy mooddd.
When I think of all the unsavory things I've done in my life, the most guilt comes from waking a kid for school..seems soooo cruel. 
When I was little, I used to say I was gonna &quot;get in my car and run away&quot;.  That is how I have felt all day today.  
When I went to bed 3 hours ago I didn't quite think it was possible to STILL be trying to sleep now. 
when i woke up i thought it will be a hot day so i can go swimming but now it turned really cloudy 
When I woke up this morning the pain had doubled, why is that? I can't touch it 
When I'll die my avatar will sleep forever in Second Life. It's sad 
When I'm @ home I can doe loads of stuff behind the pc but now I'm already done  weird stuff....
when im bored and have nothin to do, i feel fat and this depresses me 
when I'm looking at that stuff, I really want to move so SF just to find some investors for my projects/ideas. Belgium really sucks 
When im reading, i forget everything else. Its that time again, and then off to bed. I have to get up early tomorrow 
when I'm sick i pretend to be a little owl. hoot hoot 
when im thinking the tour, i just want to cry  i really miss allison and adam right now 
When is all this rain going to stop!? I have fields of hay to harvest and can't get it cut and bailed. Ahhh 
when is hollister going to have new clothes? 
When is iPhone sdk on windows? Don't have the money to buy a mac right now  #fb
when is mommy time? not happenin tonight 
when is MTV movie Awards going to come? Let me know  #battleground. Please reply with #battleground
when is season four of bones gonna come out on dvd cuz i missed like half the season 
when is sophieP coming on ? 
when is summer vaction? i can't wait. cross that, i got bummer school :/ ughh i will be free in august. how lame 
when is the ipod touch os 3.0 gonna get here it said 17th and its the 17th in america now  omg http://tinyurl.com/m3p6wz
when is the jailbreak for itouch 2g 3.0 coming out 
When is the Sims 3 going to arrive? 
When is the sun coming back? 
when is this headache going to go away? ugh shoot me 
when it comes down to talking to business people, i get really shy 
when it is 'fully charged' my comp only has 41 mins of battery life 
When it rains, it pours 
when it will rain in #lahore.... 
When it's 93 degrees outside, I wished I was a student again working PT so I could go sit on the lake today!  #sad
when its my birthday i already have to go to the airport at 05.30 how terrible! 
When its summer out i work, and when its raining i dont 
When life hands you lemons make lemonade....yeah right, if only it were that simple! Wheres ddub with his positivity when I need him 
when little bit and mommy end up sick, no one goes to church 
when mismanagement and arrogance get rewarded  we all lose.
When mov mou comes back to NJ in August, I want to try and film the whole set again. I just need a better camera 
When my family together, i learn. When they're gone. I forget what i've learned 
when my grandma said she was leaving on tuesday i didnt think she meant at 6:30 in the morning 
When my internet renewed i was elated because i thought it was going to be fast. 
When my job is gonna get this A/C fix? This don't make any sense at all! 
When my roommate cried, " I can't believe there's a Facebook group called'Harry Potter sucks!
When names i dont recognise crop up, i learn shit  a bride or groom please x
When one plan fails so does everything else. 
when one thing goes wrong, everything else does too. 
When Palm Pre will hits Europe??? 
When several people have similar looking profile pics, depending on just that is difficult 
When she's here, you don't feel it, but when she's not, then you know what you are missing.... 
When someone says &quot;I had a nightmare about you&quot; I feel badass. &quot;Yeah, I'm the stuff nightmares are made of!&quot; ...Unless it was a sex dream 
When someone's pissed off at me, I would definetly rather them confront me than tell others why they're mad at me 
When someones sick all over your shoes, that's deffo a bad sign of the night ahead! Ew 
When something appears to be too good to be true it nearly always is.  #fb
When the chaffeaur arrived to keep me home, all the people at the steer looked me like a phenomen! 
When the hell am I going to feel better?! 
when the hell is torchwood going to be on??? It annoys me that we have to wait until autumn for all the DW stuff... neeed torchwood! 
when the hellll is @SongzYuuup gon reach Toronto! become impatient 
When the professor dies is sooooo sad  
When they say more tests, I get nervous. 
when they say world wide release i thought that would include Australia aswell... ??? 
When to grab my laptop it was falling and now iv got a sore arm  FAIL
When Tom coming on?I wanna talk to a friend and Sadie and Stacey are busy! 
When u aren't feeling it, it not winning 
When u used 2 say &quot;i'll c u 2morrow&quot;, i used 2 believe u, now, i've given up. See me when u can ACTUALLY b bovverd 
When was the last time I went out and had a really good time?? I really can't remember 
@suzhalliburton  Craig Way has GOT to be losing his mind. Can't listen here in office, Flash not updated. 
@suzi_burts im thinking i will be there for a short time! then perhaps heading down to bton. im working til half ten tho  boo
@suziam eeek  Sounds like a pretty bad bit of torture - I can fully understand the pain (thinks of bad music played during WWDCâ€¦)
@suziedingwall Re: 6 wks. Put a term sheet on the table early, make sure on the same planet, avoid doing long due dil only to find out  ..
@suziemclean Danny's family posted an autographed picture of Adam on facebook with really hateful comments 
@suzieqjenny WOW. If I had known you were still there, I'd have met you there to eat with you.  Sorry! Drive carefully.
@SuzieQu4u NOOOOOOOOOOOO. I still haven't beaten it.  I'm sad now. haha
@suzimuppet i hope that's a joke? 
@suzimuppet sorry  wish employers had decency to let ppl know either way but keep trying!
@suziperry @AnnaPhylaxis Oh no matey, did you get ill?  It would be a bit mean of Suzi to be calling you chicken scabs if you're not!
@suziperry cant find motogp on iplayer!! looked really hard as well 
@suziperry I never win them  always enter but get zilch
@suziperry I'm so jealous! Have you been to ascot before? I'm stuck at work 
@suziperry Saw you in the live show yesterday morning. You and the team were excellent. Shame we lost the crowd game to Jason's team. 
@suziperry summer?? It's pouring down up here today 
@suziperry twitterwall appears to be broken at the moment - wish I could vote 
@suziqb77 kind of, yeah  can't really remember it, though...
@suzisadler haha, actually it's random. When i saw it this afternoon i was actually thinking of my Isuzu  But Suzi works, too!
@suzit86 ahhhhh man i am working tomorrow  sucky!!! i am off thursday going to ascot wooohoo xxx
@suzmarques Bummer!!!   [or it could have been that Sushi you hade for breakfast.... lol]
@SuZqZ10 now I can follow you on twitter. Still not happy about you leaving facebook! 
@SuzRae73 Ya, the cloud cover is making it very humid. 
@suzybuzz  sorry to hear it.
@SuzyDunkley sorry bout the cat, 
@SuzyElizabeth  thanks. bb.  i just hate so much that i can't even buy my own dam pills. it depresses me, you know?  
@suzymcben I DO need more sleep. Help me!!!!!!  pmsl @ the general.... Enough of the army already...!
@suzysmiles Not a lot...catching up on house stuff and missing the sunshine!  How's you? x
@suzyv the venue you played at in Huntington just closed the other day (the Imac) just thought you'd want to know 
@SuzyWelch Yes it is...but only if they would stay awake so you wouldn't have to hear them snore in the chair.  
@suzziequeue Oh nooooo!! so hot and muggy here and supposed to get hotter over the next few days 
@suzziequeue Yes n like you they didn't work 
@suzzopher MGS4 without MGO is like Mario Galaxy without planets. Shame really, I'd love to see it fixed up for Xbox Live. 
@sv3smilez I love them too!! 
@sv4ns ... and unlocking (iPhone 2G only) ... 
@Svanes  what time do you get in.
@svanwessem Thant stinks, sorry to hear that about the stolen money 
@svennehaa YOU DID IT?! Damn - I'm jealous 
@svenscholz: Getting decent fish and chips outside of England is nigh on impossible. 
@sverschuren I think we've all been there  the heat from the straightner is killing! :p
@svetaaa I wish I could squash big guys with my thumb  haha
@Svillebaby23 I want breakfast 
@SvM216  ugggh not gonna make. midwest polo championships in dayton! thats why i was pushing monday!
@svn8teen who knows... now its even pretty risky to go to school. amf! 
@svn8teen yeah! your right! lets just hope that it's not the virus!  if so, i hope the others are cured 
@SVSN4Ever Shut up. 
@svtcurious heroes gw udah ketinggalan skalii! sebel starworld uda lebi baruu epsnya 
@svtcurious I use to love &quot;HEROES&quot; the 1st season was amazing I own it! But then season 2 sucked and I missed 3  but yeah he is!
@SVUBuddha Aww.  Well, I have to wait until July for my fun trips, too. But I am excited... And yes, @Kimmy6313, my sis is coming too. 
@SVUBuddha I'm really glad you're okay!!  That sucks about the $3K...   It's not covered under warranty???
@SVUgirl Hey hun my day was great had fish n chips @ the beach in the sunshine..was very mild for this time of year..gotta work in the am 
@SVUgirl I wish I can watch the  Zebra rerun  
@Sw33tpea04 I wish @mcflo14 was going too 
@Sw33tpea04 I'm jealous!!!!! I want to be there with u guys dammit!!!!  lol
@SWA_Captain@donnajorris   Thanks Captain, I appreciate the empathy &amp; support! Could you write me an excuse to get off for another week?
@swade i'm very sorry to hear that.  i hope it becomes a distant memory soon! feel better.
@swaders Looks like it must be headed your way, because it stopped here 
@Swag101 almost doesn't count 
@Swag101 omggg why did I just say I was gonna order Papa John's right now but I wish I had someone to eat it with. I'm starving 
@SwaggercheckJAE i hope you had a good weekend..my bad about not hollering..i didnt really do much..kinda mourning my friends death 
@swahvei well where r u and the others like u? tired of getting my heart broken!  
@swainy272 is alice pissed at me? 
@swallowsadness also, i was going to start swimming this week but i can't for two weeks after my laser eye surgery. failll. 
@swallowsadness I genuinely have no idea what that tweet said. I'm so old 
@SwamiBaracus pollen sucksss!!!! I have allergiess !!!! 
@swankboy You don't use enough emoticons or Internet jargon. Very disappointing  
@swankphoto at least I'm not alone... I don't even get the brown box and blue circles anymore 
@swanksta &quot;yikes... things changing.. bye.&quot;........ what?! hope you are not leaving Mix. 
@swanx065 baha, thanks for that A. Swan.  You're the best.  I am doing well, I hope you are doing well too!  I miss everyone a lot.  
@Swarn3r yes and the cd is at my apartment 
@swarrick Too true! 
@swathi_sreekant hey baby! you won't believe I was just thinking about you right now..miss you guys so much myself! 
@swathi_sreekant well.. one of our servers is down.. and they're troubleshooting.. So im stuck in here till the issue gets resolved 
@Swati1010 Today is supposed to be much better... though the weekend is gonna suck 
@swati121 LMAO oh shuushhhhh youre the one that stalked them every week LOLL ...yeah i kno me too 
@swatkatt happy ur back not happy chuby cheeks and i still fighting 
@swatkatt hey, i wanna tease him too, tell him to log on 
@swatkatt just insane?  wht happened to crazy, mad, nuts and evry thing else???
@swatkatt thts sautan. tommorow i have computer and bangla grammer, didn't really study thiugh 
@sway_sway_baby awww  if i could i would come over to your house right now and give you the BIGGEST HUG EVER!!! training tomorrow?
@swayswaystacey  what? 
@swayswaystacey hahaha awh, what did he say 
@swayswaystacey hahaha i wish 
@swayswaystacey i always shit stir people about everything and lots of them dont see the humour 
@swayswaystacey same same, im tired  night. xo
@swayswaystacey yes  hmmmpph! i feel really stupid, hahah
@swear_bot =O  i dnt curse that much do i??
@swear_bot Nah, I don't think I'll stop... I have some pretty fucking big issues. 
@swear_bot sooowwwrrryyyy 
@swearingwatcher laughing my motha fucken ass off!! lmmfao. Ur always gonna catch me  Imma sailor
@sweatpea1007 well see ii couldn't sleep 
@swedeepea 12 hour shift tomorrow, so not many Tweets, am afraid  And YAY - 2000th Tweet!
@SwedishJoe would love to, but traveling all throughout may 
@Sweena ... so I can't charge you by the hour then? 
@Sweena i bust my left arm a few months back, not been able to do proper weights for about 2 months now 
@Sweena i kinda tried working thru the pain for 2 months and made it a lot worse! Can't lift at all now 
@Sweena Windoze and wii only though 
@sweepmeup yup, i liked that place. i got my eyebrows done there today and they said it was the last day ever. 
@Sweet_As_AJ Me too! It's so sad. You can tell he's clearly moved on! 
@sweet_bee i'm so sorry i didn't come in today buddy! i couldn't  have fun in vegas for me!
@Sweet_Candii you smashed your pancakes 
@sweet_kiwi57  I might need some virtual hugs tomorrow.
@Sweet_Life the bus is reving up I am feelin that slurpie callin me to the comfort of my livin room. sadly no mobile twitter 
@sweet_melisa Fingers crossed! I don't want to have to burn all of my pathetically small wardrobe. 
@sweet_starling Yes, it's a terrible movie from the late 80's starring Patrick Swayze as a bouncer. Hubby loves it though 
@Sweet_UpAndDown no hubby is in the army reserves &amp; has drill this weekend. Son will be @ his dads.  cleanin &amp; tweetin! how about urself?
@Sweet_UpAndDown really? I think they wanted to play it in Vegas (my last show) but didn't aka 
@sweet19 No big. Stupid PhotoBucket won't let me post my new stuffs.  Yeah, I'm a sophie na - my goodness, such hell!
@sweet19 when was the stream party? awww...  too bad i didnt able to join...
@sweetaddictions awww! get better 
@sweetaddictions no...I haven't  ...my internet is trippin
@sweetandloved oh that sucks! 
@SweetBea oh no! 
@SweetBlessShan nooooooooooo i dont want to 
@sweetboomerang hell yeah, good times my friend. Majorly hanging today tho 
@SweetBrooke23 I wanna have cake too 
@SweetBullshit i'm up 
@SweetBullshit i've applied to so many places and it's unreal how they're just like &quot;naw hen&quot;, so i'm worried i'll be a tramp soon. 
@SweetBullshit mine are still sore 2 
@SweetBullshit try pressing and holding the button on the top. Mines powers down all the time an I think its broke 
@SweetCandiesXXX now that I can't tell u  but at that point is where it becomes malicious. Packet sniffers etc
@sweetcandy_15 Well we don't normally get nice HOT weather so trying to make the most of it but there only so much you can AT WORK! 
@sweetcheribomb Not going to make it this weekend, I am sorry. Things in a state of flux and not a good idea to depart for the south. 
@SweetChhavvi sick girl!  trying to shake this thing off but no luck .. How are you miss long time..
@Sweetchichi77  she used to be mine lol
@sweetcouture  I know she said it wasn't but I know it was lol none of the guys have ever dm'd me   i'd even settle for 1 from Danny lol
@SweetDahlia shit... 
@Sweetdanceray tear.... I remember when we would do fun stuff like that together  its allll ooveerr now
@sweetdreamer &gt; My tweetdeck says I can't DM you.      U following this new one???
@SweetDreamsDes nope! 
@sweetemmaxxx yeah, its you me at six and chipmunk. LOVE you me at six, fancy the pants off one of them! im having an ugly day 2day tho 
@sweetemmaxxx you miss me, and no internet at home  so can only tweet in college, or on mobile so no @ replys, lol so hows you?
@SweetEpiphany I really don't know. Try googling it  sorry. I only know about iPhones. I use twitterfon app and it allows me to do it
@sweetestflowers  when in your next show?
@sweetestflowers especially at alpine. It's very loud. I'm trying to fine pav for n1 yet. 
@sweetestgirl28 heyy!! .. you still seton?  ... haven't heard from you and inah all summer  inah left na daw without saying goodbye!! 
@sweetface35 I'm sorry. You were having such good day with the last day of school 
@SweetFacePoca happy 
@sweetflor yeaa he did but it wasnt even that personal  i told him aerosmith was playing near me and he wanted to c them &amp; he asked where
@sweetfren too sad i cant listen to this, m at work  #asot400
@sweetgapeach03  Yes, a little better....my body is all out of whack now though. 
@Sweetgrl181183 she's making me watch stupid movies.  it sucks. I'm trying to read too though lol but the tv is really loud....
@sweethottaco Hmmm... Not so good! Its sooo boring, would rather be in school! 
@sweetiedarling1 i no im so sad  ahhhh im going to die .. :S .. lolss
@sweetiesal brilliant thanks chicka but I feel HORRIBLE now 
@Sweetii1403 not my fault 
@sweetinfection i know  haha :-p
@sweetinfection yeah they reported that after they thought it was suicide. what a terrible way to go. and embarrassing  poor guy
@SweetIsa I've been up way too long too .. Weekends I'm on wake-up duty 
@sweetishbubble I didn't since I had friends over  But maybe they'll do another one tonight and I can jump in.
@SweetizChula Homie your being spammed i think. 
@SweetizChula Ian isn't in the cab anymore. 
@sweetjamielee  well this isn't a good start to your mini vaca.  
@sweetkarolyn i didn't get the IM  i kept hearing the noise, but not seeing IMs.. maybe i got it after i went to bed.
@sweetkisses0530  I got that same feeling when I watched it at first. It was aggravating  and I was mad because they go by so quick 
@sweetkisses277 Probably not, but one little meaningless persons opinion won't matter to him 
@SweetLeafCEO 10pm sucks. Sorrie 
@SweetLeafCEO I actually turned my TV on to watch the interview but saw nothing  Did I miss something?!
@sweetlexo what?! But i was so excited! 
@SweetLiLMina Believe meee I wanna jump into bed already  Almost done just need to revise so it won't look like a last minute paper lol.
@sweetlilmzmia ofcourse, probably almost as sweet as John Mayer, but not as good looking i'm afraind  *cry*
@sweetlilmzmia okay. I hope THEY can dance. guys who donÂ´t know how to move turn me off... 
@SweetM383 noooo I didn't where u seen it???!!!?!!! I gotta see... That's nooo bueno 
@sweetmandarin no and I wish i had some 
@SweetMizery22 ugh! I was told tickets weren't available at the door!  I wanted to see Graham! Glad you went!
@Sweetness317 Me too. I don't wanna, but I gotta.  
@sweetney I put up big &quot;give the gift of indulgance&quot; signs all over my salon pre-Mothers' Day. Didn't notice anything amiss for weeks. 
@sweetnheavenly haha girls like you ,were the reason i stuffed ! i was flatchested up to the 9th grade  .
@Sweetnote Have to tell you I'm bummed....I missed your ode to coffee this morning!! 
@sweetnsouer319 does it still hurt? 
@SWEETONDW @tractahpull fuckin asshole Mona said we're gonna cry at least 4 times this concert! 
@SWEETONDW hey. My stomach hurts 
@SweetOne76 That's not fair.  
@sweetpea1036 CT. Still bout 3 hours away  traffic bad in nyc cause of rain
@SweetRenesmeeC I have no idea hun..he talked to you, not me 
@sweets_89 oh shit sorry mamas totally forgot cuz my phone died n didnt take it with me till i just got back. 
@SweetSimple thats what i'm afraid of 
@SweetSin2Men Girl sittin here watchin &quot;EXTRA&quot; lol bored and alone lol 
@SweetSin2Men I just got put down my LAST DRINK FOR THE NITE! lol But...im soooo goin to Chicago 2ma  IM BORED OUT OF MY MIND HERE! lol
@sweetsofgeorgia moi! Been out on the tennis court two days solid under the sun. Now I gotta go to work too boo!! 
@SweetSorrow gross.  
@SweetSpiced Possibly! Luckily I'm far, far away from that place now. Well for other reasons. NOT lucky to leave the pool behind. 
@sweetsqueezes why are you picking up the pieces 
@sweetstarsky me too! sucks balls 
@SweetTartelette oh noes!   maybe u should with hold Mother's Day dessert in xchange 4 Bailey-sitting...
@SweetTartelette the only thing evil @ your b'fast is that you didn't bring enough for all of us   i need that pepita mousse recipe!!
@SweetTee2002 I wish I was there too...I'm missing all my first year experiences 
@SweetTeenStella hows your day ? you're not on msn much now..  theres hardly anyone on msn, what am i gonna do ?! lol. X
@sweetu4ria The kids are playing t ball with hubby and I am cleaning the house  Did get 2 work out this am. What about u?
@SweetUpandDown I feel that one! I haven't had sushi since Vegas.   
@sweetweakness n i 'll be NOTHING WITHOUT U. 
@sweetycbs that sucks 
@sweetyoungthing  but i tweet in Macon 
@SWEEtZ_DREAMZ Wtf? Whats wrong? 
@Swide The whole time I hold my breath to hear my question but it turned out I'm not that lucky, I'm so sad  Thanks for the video though..
@swierczy so #28 really IS the final issue? excluding the immortal Weapons one-shots?? Sweet Christmas! That blows 
@swiezes cutiemoet well.....maybe. She wasn't rude but still ignored me.... 
@swiezes u goin so soon????.... plz chat wid me ma sweet sis... or i'll b lonely.... 
@Swiffle can't see @sucka4love pic... broken link 
@SWIFTas its coz i got tickets 2 a preview of it and all the people that went to it got a poster and they ran out be4 i could get 1 
@swiftkaratechop  I miss you 
@swiftkaratechop  it shouldnt take long
@swiftkaratechop I can't freaking wait Matt! 
@swiftkaratechop i just got my cieling fan and now ur scaring me 
@swiftkaratechop I'm glad someone's on track, I've been nocturnal since December. 
@swiftkaratechop STOP NOMNOMS!!!! ..you didn't share!  Night peoples!!
@swiftor it was nice playing some games of fat princess and littlebigplanet with you yesterday, i always feel left out when you play 360 
@SwiftPick  i suspected that but i was told she had two but did think it was a fake account when it only had 250 followers tutut 
@swifty7 eek, will try &quot;happy&quot;  good tip
@swimusicrazed I want an iPod too 
@Swineshead Ah, such is the way with so much on the net 
@Swineshead terrible http://bit.ly/16aUc6  
@swinginyoyo hahahha. oh, me too  what time are you going to pru's tonight?
@Swirrely Clean up on isle 3! Sorry to hear that Squirrel.. i know that doesnt help your headache at all 
@swishathomas I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@swishathomas I hate you for leaving me here! 
@swishathomas mmm that looks gooooood... shoulda sent some back with Y. Anal so I could pick it up 
@swishathomas monday thru fri I work at a lawfirm in the day time. After I work at beachberries and sundays too. I am a work o holic 
@SwissCookie I know - I dropped it just north of Milan. Sorry 
@SwissCow86 Bummer Cow! 
@swisssushi thats not fair, excluding people like that 
@SwissTwist Honestly - right now I am not sure I am handling it too well! He had another outburst today - he is so angry  
@SwissTwist Oh my friend I am sorry  Thinking of you and your family (hugs)
@SwissTwist Oh no  What happened?
@SwitchMac Can't see any Apple price cuts 
@switchwilder JEALOUS 
@swithers2 stupid mozzy had a bite of it...it's reacted pretty badly...that meaning the redness has spread over the top third of me knee 
@Swizletek awww sorry - there was no way we could get to every single room 
@Swizzlesqueak  but I want it too be sooner for dad  His life is not joyful for him or Mum...Old age sucks dogs balls, truly.
@swmaina saw this on saturday - was so sad 
@swonderful omg ! I have been so busy lately .. I'm barely on here anymore  it's linda sad !
@swoonie I wish I could be in States now.. I want to watch it n 3D too!! 
@swoosie36 you unfriended me on FB?  I understand ...
@Sword5 Boo, we're sick together. I'm wishing for death too. 
@swpave ????????????? 
@swtbunz same here lol i spent all my money already i had 60 n now i hav a big empty zero 
@swtnlocarb I know ur talking to me  I know. I need to get the phone already
@swtnlocarb looks like fun  I wish I could have gone. Pokey is on his way home. Tell me a funny from him.
@sxtxixtxcxh @b0r3d13 but they're hungryyyyyy 
@sxxxh you need to stop tweeting about them too 
@sxygirl22  Clean Me!
@sxyjrzbitch doesn't love me 
@sxytime The medicine is already down sexy time  and it was not in a delightful way lol
@SY94 hey I am getting on the plane in like 2 hours. I'll miss you 
@SyafinazSaifu cannot. damn. having a lomo is truly a hassle. i gotta have my own red room. oh how i wish 
@syahirahanwar hmm media audience...not only you have to start..me tooo!!  blahh.but thank god its relatively easier than ccp la boooo
@syazanaa I'm hungry la.  Healthy food is SO not satisfying.
@Syazoo HAHAHAHA you miss him??? or you miss his smell? LOL I miss everyone 
@sybastien Mine, too. It's nearly as precious as my dog ;) So how did you get 3.0? I can't get it until tomorrow 
@sybastien Not until August. 
@sybelis_venedae It sure is! :-D Would be more swingin' if Mr @stevelosh wasn't going to be in CANADA. 
@syberdamon Finally found the adapter. I think the video bus is done. 
@Syberspace I missed your concert in Boston, didn't I? 
@syborgsquid june 30th.  i was going to see kid rock. (
@sybylla84 oh crap, you did tweetback. My bad  sorry!
@sybylla84 Sorry to hear your news.  Hope you and the family are all okay. Sending hugs over to the other side of the world for you.
@syc_o omg, dude I envy you so much, Killers are one of the rare bands I havent been listening live 
@sydeshow so sad! 
@sydeshow wowowowowww do want. But I am too far 
@sydhappens it was winning a free ipod touch that convinced me. 
@sydlawrence I didn't understand that   Try commands like 'Buy 30 #tag' or 'Sell 30 #tag'
@sydlawrence Ok how exactly did I lose that one?? 472 attack against 67 defense. Rubbish 
@sydneesimone I'll b home on the 26th  need 2 visit atl soon anyway... Will u be here long cuz I'll only be gone 4 the weekend
@sydneetaylor I tried to DM u with my pin and it won't let me cause it says ur not following me . What did I do 
@sydneohhh aww  no its not hot at all! today it was supposed to get up 2 70 but it only got up 2 65 and on monday it going to be 40 out!
@sydneyblu http://twitpic.com/6cmci - wow that's amazing. love it! this is my view, rainy days lately  http://www.twitpic.com/66czd
@sydneynsw24 I'm talking about AT&amp;T holding out on MMS &amp; Tethering. They still updating their system to support the new services. 
thereÂ´s no worse kind of missing than the one in which you have that person right next to you, but still know you canÂ´t have... 
there'll be an update on Tay &amp; Selena (eew) tomorrow on @LaineyGossip,  ahh i'm gonna be brokenhearted
theres a bad storm outside! 
There's A Beautiful Cloud Patteren Outside My Window, Why Won't My Stupid Camera Take The Picture? It'll Be Lost Forever 
There's a big dead moth in my bath 
There's a big dent on my chromatic red iPod.. gutted 
there's a blackout [&amp;] my phonez dyinq im scared phillyyy 
there's a bunny couple and a cardinal couple in my backyard. everyone is twitterpated 
There's a centipede in the house. Bugs freak me out. My mom told me I was acting like a girl. Just because my instinct was to scream? 
Theres a dude here @ the gym we call nutsacks bc he seriously alwys wears the tighest shortest neon panties. there HAS to be a dresscode 
theres a family of skunks in my hood  foreals . it sucks
There's a feeling I get, where I'm not sad, I'm not angry, but something is bothering me. When this happens, I 'cannot' listen to music. 
There's a girl here in a Stephen Hawking style wheelchair asking if her grandma is here yet. I'm wondering how SHE got here. 
there's a guy in my house so i can't go downstairs with no pants 
there's a high chance you're gay 
there's a hole in my ceiling and lots of people standing around it speaking Spanish and I just want them to go away so I can eat dinner 
There's a jap videogame out there called &quot;RapeLay&quot; where you stalk, then rape a woman and her 2 underage girls. No video review ANYWHERE! 
there's a journaist AND a photographer in my house  they're making an article about my mum in some magazine. i'm trapped in my room...
There's a kitty cat stranded on the roof of the house behind mine. He can't get down, and there's two ginger fucks throwing rocks at it 
There's a lifeguard at the knollwood pool named parker and people keep calling his name. I thought my name was unique 
Theres a light at the end of the tunnel, but im at the beginning 
There's a line from a song on my first album that describes my tips for the night. Can anyone guess which line it is? 
theres a link to twitpic to view them! haha how have you been anyways  yay you're 20 soon! @steph0o
There's a lot of cool stuff (not just eye candy) that depends on having the X Composite extension -- but NX doesn't have it 
There's a moth in my room, so I can't sleep 
there's a new malady on the market - no a.c. flu - my car and bedroom have both succumbed 
There's a party tonight, but I have am exam tomorrow  fml
There's a place in port jeff that sells bubble tea! Nothing like t'liscious though 
there's a popeyes by a61 in detroit.. but they're not serving lunch yet... no cajun rice for me. 
there's a problem wid my myspace account. ! 
There's a reason they call the week before a show hell week - the tension can feel like hell 
there's a reason y i never get up b4 7am....i'm waaaaay to tired and very cranky 
There's a satisfaction that comes from finding something at the end of all of your searching... Unless you can't find it. Wrist brace? 
There's a show on National Geographic about recycling old diesel locomotives. It's sad to see such a powerful machine cut up like this. 
There's a slew of upcoming DS games I'd love to play, starting with Scribblenauts and ending with Dragon Quest IX. I want a DSi. 
There's a special at the dirty bakers today. Meat loaf. 
There's a spider in my apartment and  it's making me freak out. 
There's a table near me that's talking about twitter. Why am i eavesdropping? Oh right, because i'm eating dinner alone. 
theres a thought im shivering here, i look like i have terets 
Theres a week left before Summer ends.  I am so not ready for HighSchool. :|
Theres a zombie on my lawn 
There's absolutely nothing to watch on telly 
theres always a fucking catch 
there's always gonna be another mountain   i feel some change should happen to my life :S
Theres always gonna be that one person you can never have! 
There's always something in the way of the things I want the most. 
there's an ambulance next door - a little old lady lives there by herself, oh noes 
There's an immortal spider in my room 
there's awesome weather again. my sister comes home tomorrow, so it's going to bad weather again 
There's been cases of Swine Flu in Appache. It's gonna come to Lawton soon 
theres been to much for 7 months and tbh i can't seeing it all ending by ingnoring a pole 
there's fire in the building  I hope my things don't get burned !!
There's lots of assignment to be done! can i have a break? definitely, no holidays for me 
There's more security here than at Sydney Airport. And no spirits at the bar!  #startrek
theres never a right time to say goodbye 
There's no breakfast-type food in the house this morning 
Theres no documentation either 
Theres no frickin wireless in this classroom so i cant get online on my itouch 
There's no ice cream in my fridge. Something else is missing too..... Guess I'll just go to sleep 
There's no Lipton green tea!  I want tea!!! 'FUCKMYLIFE'
theres no openings where I live 
There's no option to install plugin using URL in WP now  Upload feature is having some prob. #wordpress
There's no point in watching Wimby anymore. Rafa pulled out 
there's no swatch shops in b'ham 
There's no TV at camp 
theres no way i can go to the invisible children rally. too short notice and all that shit. i am now upset 
There's nort even a preview  @jessicaveronica
There's not a lot to do when the power is out 
there's not enough people online at this time to talk to 
there's not going to be a 3rd season of FOTC? super bummed! 
Theres nothing better than abit of live music.All these festivals going on and i cant even make one.How poop 
theres nothing better than waking up to the sun shining in through your window. but then having to go to work 
theres nothing like twitterberry....i miss it. 
Theres nothing more soul-crushing than trying to study and not being able to 
THERE'S NOTHING ON TV!!!! i saw this episode of The Game already 
There's nothing quite like Lemsip for Breakfast 
theres nothing to be happy about... 
There's nothing to do in the summer holidays 
there's nothing to eat 
theres NOTHING to eat in this houseee. 
There's nothing worse than seeing your biggest crush hold hands with his gf 
There's nothing worse than waking up hungry!!  can't drag myself downstairs to find body fuel! Urgghhh
There's only two weeks 'til school's over. I have a feeling I'm gonna fail music. 
There's peach juice all over the inside of my bag... think it got a bit squished on my way to work 
There's possibility of me having a slip disc prob - i'm too young 4 this  In last 2 days i've had multitude of pain killers with no use
Theres really nothing to hear on the radio. 
There's so many I can't think 
there's so many posers on facebook  @mileycyrus hey Miles, do u have facebook account? please reply. thanks -Diva
There's so many spammers on Twitter 
there's so much disinformation going around austin's startup scene that it would intimidate most young entrepreneurs; sad bear. 
theres so much i wanna do that i cant do bc i have to get other things done with first 
There's so much to do, but not much time 
There's so much traffic! 
There's some weird noises occuring outside my window... The lights went out...hiding in the closet 
there's something about plagarism students don't seem to understand. and this misunderstanding gives them a big fat 0 for their papers. 
There's something in my stomach! What is it? Its hurt! 
Theres something with my wifi connection 
There's something wrong in the music industry when there is a Britney Spears remix with the Ghostbusters theme. 
there's something wrong w/my right eye ... 
Theres something wrong with me,hardly spoken at all this weekend&amp; people who know me,know that aint right :L Feeling very anti-social tbh 
There's something wrong with my hotmail-account, that's for sure.  I can't log onto eBuddy in school either. What's up with that? :
there's something wrong with my laptop. At times it gets so heated up, it hurts to touch the touchpad. It's an HP, wouldn't recommend it 
There's something wrong with my right eye, it's all blury?!?! Hopefully will find the problem at my eye test next month 
There's something wrong with my stomach and digestive system. I duno if I can make it to rehearsal feeling like this. 
there's something wrong with the network at P.I., i can't receive my girl's txts  hate it.
there's something wrong with twitter, when I update on twitter berry it stated, from web!! 
theres spoilers EVERYWHERE! team jonas, twitter, facebook, myspace, youtube! GOD, theres a thing called suprised...and temptation 
Theres such a long line for state inspection 
there's the GOD.. who knows if he's playing  http://sgBEAT.com/pic/92/
there's the honest truth :/ i want to have a summer.. Idk. it may sound selfish, but i'm a kid and thats what i want 
There's this hot song by OJ the juice man (not &quot;make the trap ..) &amp; I can't figure out what it was 
there's time to party there's time to work 
there's TWO different sets of times on the official website. fucks sakeeee. GF are on first too, what if i miss them? 
Theresa Andersson, and upbeat. I wanted to blip &quot;Minor Changes&quot; but couldn't find it   #LOFNOTC â™« http://blip.fm/~8jqu9
therocketsummer is in downtown dc. playing free. i wish i was at home watching Bryce play. 
These 16 hours are kicking my butt! I wanna go home but i still have 3 more hours of work left 
These are tha times I wish I had a girlfriend I get lonely too  LOL forreal though
these are the times where i actually need a b/f to go to bed with 
These bits always make me cry!  Especially with this song, I love this song! #tonys
These breaks aren't long enuf! Im hungry!  can someone send me a meal plz?!
These buffalo chips are not helping this buffalo sauce craving 
These chicken tenders r so ugly looking. They're like whitish and oddly shaped and smooth in some areas. God, someone make me rice please 
These chocolate chip cookies stare at me all day at work  http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v231/lovethypenguin/1241395694952.jpg
these damn commercials about abandoned animals. they make me want to go get all the animals at the local SPCA! 
these darn gillette shavers. So expensive yet the blades become blunt after just a few uses argh !! So useless. I loss a bit of blood 
These days I just can't sleep anymore. 2 hours worth last night.    Wish I was getting better but I'm not. Downward spiral.
These Friday nights suck, a lot. There's nothing to eat and I'm starving, I just need to sleep for the next 5 days 
These girls shouldn't be going. I hope they go soft and let them stay  #masterchef
These grapes taste gross 
These grey skies got me feeling blue 
these guys are standing in my way and jack's is on soon. 
These guys mean everything to me.   
These gym sessions are killing my arms. 
These hiccups hurt. 
these high heels make me cry 
these holidays are soo boring 
These last days of school are taking longer than I thought.  I don't remember wishing it would just be over already in a long time.
These late night conversations wld be so much btr if i was still standing in the doorway... Just like old times.  but these work  ok too.
These lighters valen verga! I need to go buy a new one 
These lightning strikes are too close! 
These messages are teasing me! It isnt fair. 
these midgey bites r really gettin me down  i wanna wear a dress theday bt it looks like av got flees!
These migraines will not go away!! 
These mosquitoes are fucking miserable. Get'm off me 
these mouthsores are killing me 
These new medications are making me incredibly sick. I can't stop shaking. 
these new Windoze commercials make me queasy 
These poor babies probably have dirty diapers  I am so hatin these baby mommas right now!
These ppl have no mercy..my kids 
These Puffs suck. Talking about lotioned tissue when my nose look tore up as hell. Looking like Rudolph on high. I need a cootie shot. 
these songs make me  
These steps confuse me 
these storms have been freaking me outttt 
these tafe assignments are making me sleepy, but they must be done  how crap
These take ages to upload 
these tears come ouut at thw wrong?time 
These women at work have so much to complain about wtf... I never want to get old and miserable!! 
Theses nothing on tv Bleh 
they always play timber at shows i sell my tix for, it didn't happen last night so definitely tonight or tomorrow  #phish
They Always Ruin It, 
they are all gone. and idk how to get them back  I wish I could go back and be happier.
they are destroying Cafe by the Ruin's gazebo (one of my most memorable places!) to put  up the cheap sogo motel 
They are gone .. 
they are meanies for posting that 
they are not worth your tears 
They are out of breakfast at school.  i want my smoothie
THEY ARE SEPARATING! WHAAAT? i havent watched it since spring break and now its over. ahhh. 
they are seperating, im sad. super sad. super duper sad.          Jon and Kate...your marriage will be missed.
They are still not letting anyone on the beach I'm watching it now from vals had to walk here in the flood 
They are tearing out the wall in my bedroom. Where am i going to sleep? 
They are trying to kill me!  
They asked me to stop filming 
They bout to have a price increase at the barbershop, i guess the economy aint that much better yet 
They broke into my damn truck and stole my HD/MP3 radio. Them damn crackheads. I'm way in OH &amp; my truck in FL 
They brought me a sofa ! So now I can get some real sleep....... right  http://twitpic.com/6fvin
they call it hump day, idk y thou  lol beat
They cancelled the First Monday flea market here where I live due to &quot;swine flu!&quot;    I was gonna go!!! INSANITY INSANITY INSANITY!!!!
They closed the 50th state fair 2night.  But thats okay cuz I think that Im gonna go 2 dnb 2morrow night! WHOO HOO!
They coodnt get any better singers for the national anthem wow my ears r literally bleeding 
they cut david out from the beginning of &quot;i wanna  know you&quot;?  it's still nice though.
They cut my Internet because I was hogging up traffic!?  sad day
They cut out the best parts of &quot;The Nanny&quot; for syndication! They cut out half of the bath scene on &quot;Where's the Pearls&quot;. Makes me sad. 
they cut the part when jim sturgess sang 'something' 
they didnt call     im dissapointed in you @bradiewebbstack
They didnt know it was my food... Bitches! I cooked it!... Now im starving. 
They didn't play Don't Close the Book  unless it's an encore? Maybe?
They do not carry sizes my small in the store 
They don't have @mitchelmusso's album at fye  I have to wait now.
They don't have a &quot;contact us&quot; section, just a whole load of useless FAQs. What a shitty week so far 
They don't have mongo's in florida...I want mongo's. 
They dont have my believe bracelet anymore! I wanna cry! 
They don't make &quot;up-all-night&quot; like they used to   I feel really really tired
they dont want me to go home 
They extended the contest to may 8th 
They gave me the wrong bfast sandwich! So not happy 
They giving Bring It On and I wanna stay up to watch itttttt! 
They good at ruining a good time 
They got me in here tutoring. Poor kids! 
they got shut dwon by DOH-department of health for a dirty basement and/or kitchen. so i am assuming that the pests are running upstairs! 
They had to special order my steel-toe shoes in (since they didn't carry sizes that small in the store). Still not here! 
They have all gone out and left me home alone  . Still a least i can snooze in peace 
they have arrived!!! sadly i must buy my gift again  anyone got any wrapping paper or am i buying that too?l
They have ruined Big Brother! The housemates are disgusting &amp; utterly insane! I am not impressed at all  xoxox
they have to do like 6 million tests on me! well its only 5 but its a lot!  they told me that i have to get blood drawn TWICE in one hour
They HAVE to stop showing that Wendy's frostie commercial. I really want one. 
They havent played ATL yet 
They Joy of hangovers. Bliss   .... Will I' regret following all the #TEMPLES in a moment of foolishness last night? Time will tell.
They just admitted my grandma to the hospital... Shes my only last one  please pray for her 
they just announced on the plane that we'll be waiting for abt 35 minutes to take off. So that will make us a total of over an hour late. 
They just cleaned my shoes &amp; now they're VERY squeaky!  I hate that!
They just lost my nemo 
They killed bob on neighbours 
They know a verbal command to attack. Hey, I'm a single mother &amp; I'm scared of guns so they protect my family. Sorry for venting... 
They let the balloons go 
They LOST  not very happy right now...
they might cut cow grant  sigh
They moved Endeavour's launch until Wednesday morning at a little before six a.m... I won't be watching, but I bet it will wake me. 
they need to hurry up and help this poor pc user  I need my iphone
They need to invent a new way to test for diabetes, this was sucks. Im starving, tired, and the insides of my elbows hurt 
they need to make bus seats more comfortable..my ass is hurting 
They never Called Me 
they never fucking played ftsk  so we never got to do our smexy dance! gutteddd
they never play mcfly or jonas brothers on the radio 
they on there way...missing them already 
They play the sound track to my falling tears  yesterday i was over it, i wake up to day and the pain is back.. &lt;/3
They put my dog to sleep  after like 15 years of tripping over her every time i come home its kinda weird not seeing her here.
They put up the Danishes and muffins but I'm still hungry. 
They r predicting rain for the entire wk in NJ. I need sun, my mood is sufferin... badly  seasonal affective disorder is in full effect!
They r seperating 
They raped him, they raped him  poor indiana jones!
They rave that Twitter is real time... 'cept when you use the web interface  #TCS
they read my poker face  oh well, time to get crunkk and forget my TROUBLE ! ;D
They said I was driving too fast so I got taken off the wheel 
they said, follow your heart, right? I hope I just did, but how come it's painful when following is costing me sumthin I learned to like. 
They say bad things come in 3's.....i am dreading the next one! 
They say expecting is one way of hurting yourself.. but, what if you have e reason 2 expect? &quot;EXPECTING doesn't hurt you, ASSUMING does.. 
They say there is no rest for the wicked...   WHAT DID I EVER DO?!?!?!? 
They sent the wrong hitch 
They should do a MacGuyver remake 
they should faster run satu season baru Entourage 
They should make laptops with ergonomic keyboards.  I miss my Microsoft Natural Ergonomic 4000.  
They Shud Bring The Smurfs Back On TV i Miss The Smurfs  They Were Soo Cool
They stole and dissected my artwork from 2006 and used it on their header http://tinyurl.com/stol3n 
they surrounded Shiraz university, and took the students with them. who knows if they are alive.   #iranelection  #iranians  #iran9
they surrounded Shiraz university, and took the students with them. who knows if they are alive.  #iranelectio.. http://tinyurl.com/ksbu7z
they surrounded Shiraz university, and took the students with them. who knows if they are alive.  #iranelection#iranians
They take forever to check out there eesshh. On our way to Dunkin Donuts before Alex has to go to work 
they think it's all over... it is now 
they threw away my water bottle  annoying on more than one level.
They tied me to a chair. Molesting my hair with heat and my eyes with eyeliner. 
They told me msg is to long lol 
They took mom off the steroids and are putting her on kemo.  f word.
they took my kodachrome away 
They took pooter  i can hear him crying n barkin from far away i hate this!!!!
they tore down the big tree at my old school. very sad to see it gone 
they turned off the escalators so now i gotta walk down them like normal stairs.. fuck 
they usually make me Zzzz... but not today 
They warned me mobile broadband would be rubbish. They were right 
They watched the outsiders without me. 
they were genuine tears 
They were out of blueberry scones at Expresso Royale 
they wont stop with the jokes!!!  
They're all annoying!!! dont want to be in this class i just want to work on my paper 
they're all part of the list, things that i miss 
They're called STOP signs for a reason you dumb bitch! My poor car 
They're dropping like flies. 
They're going to give me 2 shots  nooo
They're gone again 
They're home, got first dose of 2 antibiotics in Jamie &amp; she's asleep &amp; we're packing hubby for his flight to OKC tomorrow for 12 day 
they're loosing come on guys! 
They're not going anymore  I need something to doooo!
They're painting my house. Kitchen, living room, and bathroom tore up. Living my life from the bedroom not working for me. 
they're playing my favorite lamest Lifetime movie. lololol I should be asleep. 
They're predicting a soggy Sunday.  glad I brought a poncho.
they're running late  not gonna be ready til 5.40 now 
They're sending my girl crush home on SYTYCD.... 
They're showing TOW the rumor on TBS! This epi is TOO funny! Watching bachelorette l8r. No more Leno tonite 
they're so mean to @joshthomas87 on tayg 
They're still going at it...Every window is shaking and all teacups are dancing 
They're taking the Porsche away  Sorrow of sorrows.
They've apparently found bodies from the Air France flight. I guess they're not holed up on a creepy island with the Others after all. 
They've left for London. What about me? 
Thi xong, bu`n 
thï¿½m m?t l?n nï¿½i d?i 
thiago silva just messed me up 
Thick clouds &amp; dust storm = loads of dust sans (a single drop of) rain 
Thickummzz is so missing the gym   I will get it in 700 calories on monday
Thievery Corporation are awesome to revise to... but stuck inside doing work on such a beautiful day  booo!
Thighs hurt alot. Thanks sister for makijng me do lunges around the pool.  &lt;3
thimking of not going to work because I'm not feeling well but I must got to work  http://plurk.com/p/xhnzp
Thin Lizzy Pull out of supporting AC/DC next week due to injury, I has a sad 
Thing always end up going bad 
THING I HATE THE MOST: when i forget to shake the ketchup bottle, and all this nastyjuice comes out on mah eggs. 
Things always go crumbling down. I miss@meghanwray and need her. 
Things are changing(again) and i hate it 
Things are getting complicated again. FUUUUUCCCKKK. 
Things are getting worse and worse in iran... 
things are just not going well at all.  work all day and then an assload of homework and laundry
things are looking good with atkins so far wish me luck to stick to it And   I pray for all Iranians over in iran. I wish I was there 
things are looking good with atkins so far wish me luck to stick to it And I pray for all Iranians over in iran. I wish I was there  lol
Things are reminded me of you..  - http://tweet.sg
Things aren't looking good for Faber... 
Things don't bode 2 well when yr computer crashes 1st thing on a Monday 
things don't usually work the way you want them to. 
things have changed 
things i did up north: saw google headquarters, and apple headquarters (shake fist at apple) 
Things I love (in order): 1. My wife 2. My cat 3. My girlfriend  Just kidding, but that sounded really funny! I don't even have a cat. 
Things I'm currently loving: summer, chipotle, pinkberry and spw. Things I'm not currently loving: The fact that I have a final tomorrow 
Things just dont feel right. Im hoping Eric can make it better 
Things just never change 
Things like that kinda make me ashamed  he represents the GLBT community and to be like that  such a stereotype 
things make me sad...like when friends tell u they are goin to a concert but then cant 
Things need to change for the better 
things really suck atm. really bad day. 
THINGS STILL THE SAME HOPE THEY CHANGE SOON =[ FRUSTRATED OUTTA MY MIND  WHAT AM I TO DO????
things that looked so good being ruined. hate hate hate hate hate that more than anything 
things that only the gym club can do for you: I've got a Beyonce song stuck in my head 
Things to be done: 1. See JB 3D Movie 2. School things (boring!) 3. Ideas to my B-Day party.. Too many things to do without Paris   Nicole
Things you need to know: 1. Transformers 2- Gonna be awesome! 2. Perez Hilton- Douche Cunt 3. Ed McMahon- Dead at 86 
Think about the COG's and their families and friends who lost their lives in the Air France crash. 
Think am going down with the winter flu - Three days down the drain 
think channel 7 r bein stupid making us wait for no fukn reason again!! looked like a repeat!! 
think city have given up!! 
Think either to get the clk or the charger  Car shopping is not fun
Think I am allergic to salt water. My face is all red and pimple-ly now. It was bad enough, now it is worse! 
think i caught a bug 
Think i did super awesome amazingly well on immunology final...gotta get ready for ceutics now  
Think I failed my test 
Think I feel a headache comming on 
Think I got a little bit of a cold this weekend! NO energy!! 
think i got the h1n1 flu... not fun.   atleast im not choking anymore.  lol
Think i got the wrong train  nearly sure they said it's heading till germany :s  http://twitpic.com/7m2u4
Think I have a tan. Ohhhh yes. Kyles coming over for ice cream then back to revision 
Think i have sunstroke  feel ill x
Think i have the cold... 
think i have the flu  sucks to be me boo hoo
Think I hurt my shoulder at the gym this week. 
think i just burnt my throught with a supe hot chilli con carni 
think I just found a QSA that copied verbiage from a website and pasted it as a response to a question - disappointed. word for word 
think I lost my direction and I lost a long time ... I have to recover it .. 
Think I may have the black stool. 
think i may have to go to the er today 
think i may well be the only person shivering in Glasgow. Desk right under the aircon 
think I might actually go to bed at a decent hour 
Think I might be skipping church tomorrow 
Think I might go and have a bath, then I might go sit outside in the sunshine. Don't want to watch other SF - too raw 
think i might have broken my ankle in the last thirty seconds of my football game 
Think I might have just failed my first ever exam 
Think i might have to go to Wal-mart    -   I despise Wal-mart...... 
think I need a vacation from vacation can't get motivated and DH is picking up dinner  laundry is done though
Think I need some eye drops, too. They sting 
Think I overheard who got voted off AI on my way to room to watch it after being so careful not to get on internet or fb!   we'll see!
Think I pulled one of my twelve abdominal muscles this morning so now I have an eleven pack 
Think I should get out the fucking house.... these 4 walls are driving me mad  Cinema perhaps? Anyone wanna come?
think I should put my phone away and go to bed - feel a teary night coming on  !!
Think I'll be picking up the new Final Fantasy game. Looks nice! Spring 2010, though? Ugh.  #E3 #XboxE3
Think i'll get off that mafia wars on Facebook its nothing but trouble!!!!! Well that and i hav no money!!!!! 
Think I'll have to buy new furniture for the terrace so I can work out there. Too nice to be tweeting inside  http://bit.ly/iZMwD
think i'm allergic to my cat, not very lolcatz at all 
Think I'm catching a cold. 
Think im comin down with a cold. that's not good. 
Think I'm coming down with something. . .my back is sore, my throat is hurting and it feels like I have a temperature 
think i'm getting cold 'cause of this bad weather 
Think im getting sick  hopefuly it goes away 2mrrw cuz leila is coming over !
think I'm getting sick .. boo !  - shower then out for some drinks with my girls x.
Think I'm getting sick! My throat is burning 
think im getting sick!!! booo 
Think I'm getting sick. Have been in bed for most of the day feeling crappy.  Hoping it's the 24 hour kind, gotta work tomorrow.
Think I'm going to have to go to a doctor today, shoulder is killing me, and it's my spanking arm 
think i'm gonna stay at home all day long. It's so cloudy/rainy outside 
think im gunna go play sims 3 on ma iphone again! stupid UK, wish i had it for my mac the now 
Think im really sick and dont have time to c da doc  just laying here til work
Think I'm Twittering too much. Twitteritus 
Think imma take a shower now, after sleep all fucking day. Yes, im pretty fucking lazy 
Think it is safe to say that the cysts are attacking my ovaries again 
think its going to be difficult to get to bed tonight...yay 
Think its time for COD, i so want a 3GS 
think its very hard to learn the little one, to sleep on his own, when he cry... 
Think I've finally calmed down. Crazy SVU season finale! Stuckey was the crazy murderer and they killed the hot guy! Ryan O'Halloran. 
Think I've got a post op infection, grumpy but can't help it 
Think I've used up all of my real followers in two followfriday tweets  maybe I should start socialising on the social network site?
think my bike is broken and i dont know how to fix it...sad day  D.H.
think my brain is too big for my head 
think my comp got a virus does ne1 no wat 'generic host win32 means'... i had win32 virus b4 n had to format whole pc 
think my English exam went really bad today  .. didn't really get it  tho haha
Think my face is sunburned 
Think my guest airbed has sprung a leak, keeps deflating. Grrrmph 
Think my jeans picked up an infection, with the heat and moisture thy are smelling ripe. Cheapest pair of shorts at airport &gt;$100US. 
think my neice got me sick....I feel cold!! smh r.i.p to my homie melanie damn life is too short.....I'm sad now 
think my weekend plans will go down the drain 
think ov getting ready for work 
Think someone has sharted themselves on this train! 
Think that is a little rude 
think the electricity around CBD is also off  signals gone off...
Think the server is down. My webby is inacessible  Sorry folks, if you are trying to access my webby.Trying to get it fixed
Think the squirrel is back! Can hear it in my attic!  Walking really slowly tho, like he's tired or carrying some heavy shopping
think this might not be a good revision day... 
think ve destroyed the bass on my headphones   damn these dnb songs!!!! lol
Think we have to take solo to the vet  he doesnt have anything left in him. This is the hardest part to do.
Think we will hit the beach today. We enjoyed the day by the pool yesterday even though Lexi's phone ended up in it!  I love my family!!
Think we've achieved a world first - a  frog reviewing new HP Touchsmart TX2. Sorry about quality, our Flip cam died  http://ow.ly/aayP
Think.. Think... This paper is due Sunday 
thinkin' ... One day im all alone , the next crying on the phone ? 
thinkin about her again 
Thinkin about Jess got me thinkin if I hadn't lost my baby I would b due in a month (7/26/09) 
thinkin about my friend who moved to california....... 
Thinkin about my nap that i cant take for 5 hours 
thinkin abt goin to play but its kinda beginnin to rain!! 
thinkin abt how you think you might know someone....then they shock the heck outta ya! very unfortunate  looking fwd to vegas trip w l ...
thinkin bout a lot of things trynna decide wat imma do if im am wat I think I am 
Thinkin bout my grt-grampa today. gets harder and harder to see him going downhill. I know we're going 2 lose him sonn i'm just not ready 
thinkin bout wdh thiss is  lol Juiceerr gotta help me ..
Thinkin its bedtime. Work 11-4 tomorrow. @talla832 sorry! 
thinkin of goin to sleep  im such a letdown
thinkin of how many car dealerships n Vegas closed within the last year.....10-11, and I know ppl @ all of um....5 more close on jun 9 
Thinkin of my lil ladybug 
thinkin twitter is really quite borin 
thinkin........not feelin good.....sad... 
thinking (&amp; crying) on my bed. I Hate me 
thinking 53 more days is the only thing that gets me through work. ahhh i dont want to go 
Thinking about 140char poems and something to swap up for #tweetcamp this weekend but drawing blanks  You others doing any better?
thinking about 2 recommenders who could recommend me for fellowship in human right... i don't have anyone in my mind.... k bha hola.... 
thinking about all the work that will need to be done this weekend 
Thinking about another long lonely weekend with 3 kids and no way to go anywhere!       
thinking about boating, wish I was back on the lake  silly mondays...
Thinking about changing my major. Fck man. This is so frustrating. Accounting, maybe? Idk. 
Thinking about Con Law, fighting a headache, &amp; Paying bills... 
Thinking about Debra leaving in July. 
thinking about doing master's... so confused about changing uni or staying in Monash 
Thinking about dropping by @JugShop for tonight's Pinot Days tasting -- since I can't make the main event this weekend. 
thinking about everything i have to do today 
thinking about getting the ratties out. I usually wait till a little later, but I'm kinda lonely 
Thinking about going to sleep soon but I'm not even tired 
thinking about him... 
Thinking about how long this week is going to be 
Thinking about how ludicrous the true last boss is in persona 4. 1st form not so bad...2nd form party is wiped out in the first round 
thinking about it just makes me even more sad. even the rain makes me more sad. 
thinking about just how much I'm gonna miss somebody. 
Thinking about last night..... idk what in feeling.  :1-0_U_KNOW:
Thinking about love. 
Thinking about my honey and missing him 
Thinking about my mommy  Mother's day gets harder and harder as I get older!!!
thinking about my nana 10 years tomorrow  and tomorrow NKOTB in boston
Thinking about my planned trip to Chicago, should I got to NY instead? To early to tell  I really wanted to go to Chi town..
Thinking about my son. I miss him so much 
Thinking about renting a storage room to put all the tires and car parts for the #ae86  We desperately need the room
Thinking about resubbing to WoW 
Thinking about scavenging up a packet of Bega chips and maybe a second coke - wanted new headphones but have to buy a stupid fence 
Thinking about sex....OMG I need sum sex!!!! Who's gonna give it to me 
Thinking about sleep.  Dont want to do it! I think I'll listen to the radio. Wow, feels like I haven't done that for soo long. LoveUiPhone
Thinking about so much. Stressed. I need a break, something new &amp; fun. I feel like I'm stuck, yet lost at the same time. 
Thinking about someone from the past 
Thinking about someone very special. 
Thinking about something that make me mad!!!! 
Thinking about taking Nathaniel to the clippers games today but I get really nervous about parking/driving down in arena district 
Thinking about that Airbus plane that went down 
thinking about the holocaust is getting me down. 
thinking about the innocent people dying in Iran 
Thinking about the movie Alphadog.. Seen it?? Soooooo sad!!  
thinking about the past....i miss you! R.I.P Timmie 
Thinking about watching some baseball today.  I left my running shoes at home  
thinking about what a tweetdeck is... IÂ´m a Rookie 
thinking about what happen today. maybe i overreacted, but you hurt feelings. I am sorry i hope we dont end on bad terms 
Thinking about what I saw this morning.  Is that his car?
Thinking about what the Solar panel man told me - my north facing roof is too short for panels 
Thinking about what to cook for my food tech assignment on Tuesday. Have to get ingredients and stuff. I get marked on it  eh
thinking about what to do abot uni 
thinking about what to have for lunch.... can't decide 
thinking about when i should get my tongue pierced and ouchh my cartalige piercing hurts atm 
thinking about why im not attractive. and why i cant get a guy to notice me.Confidence and self esteem are slowly going down. 
Thinking about you all &amp; the VBS fun I'm missing  I really do like VBS week of just not everything leading up to it.
Thinking after tonight will be a major dieting time.  Size C here I come. Yes... I am talking about my cup size. 
Thinking all this damn rain is a sign I should stay another day...No?? Tally bound in a few hrs  Miami its been fun, but I gotta run
Thinking and praying for the kids who perished in the fire in Mexico, and their families. 
Thinking bout 2marrow won't change how I feel 2day!  -@mattandkim
Thinking bout maddies comments 
thinking diversity where wicked! and wish i cud get us cgmoh as spiedi are on it 
Thinking gym is a no go again due to continuing headacheyness 
Thinking hard about cutting out early. I want to take the girls out, but it's pouring. 
thinking how bad the weather is in Exeter right now  still had a great day tho :p glad last night was dry! :p bring on clubbing 2night!
thinking how each of those killed in Air France crash might have felt just before the jet went down...  really sad...
thinking how I miss an awesome day 
thinking how many more productive things I could be doing than memorising definitions of social capital 
Thinking how much I detest reality tv shows. 
Thinking how sad about Danny Gans. Prayers to his family. 
thinking how to face things... it's Monday 
THINKING how to invis for a while... helep ... 
Thinking hungry.  But not inspired by any food in my fridge, or even by a trip to the deli.  
thinking i have a cv joint problem with the audi 
thinking i must go shopping soon 
thinking i need to do the dishes 
thinking i should add more people.. i am one lonely girl  baaahaha
Thinking I should have skipped a nap today...wide awake 
Thinking I should have taken the summer off from school. There are just too many sunny days spent inside 
Thinking I should have waited a month or so to take that stupid test. 
thinking i should prob get some sleep if i have exams tomarrow  darn
Thinking I should really be in bed, but will be up again in a few hours, maybe just stay up.... or not... argh  http://bit.ly/3XFlj
Thinking if my life is worth it 
Thinking in my new life when i will be in canada and I dont have canadian friends in Toronto   ... what a pity !!
Thinking it sucks when u try to add clases for school and u have to re-apply  lol but its kooooool umma be up thru there..i wont let it..
Thinking maybe I should get my daughter a new dad and my wife a new husband for fathers day... Too bad I'm a piece of shit 
thinking my birthday is going to suck again this year.... so much for my Champagne B-day! 
Thinking my computer is officially dead  what to do?!
Thinking my patio dinner plans on Newbury may get foiled by rain 
Thinking my son is having an allergic reaction to bleach. My poor baby is so uncomfortable, and his eyes are so swollen. 
thinking of a 5th project i want 2 do ...  4 at the same time isn't enough ? i must be crazy 
Thinking of a new #charityname is much harder than I thought.. new brand, new ideas, new logo .etc 
Thinking of chris!     I'm sad. I miss you so much!
Thinking of David Cook, his family and their loss.  Sad 
Thinking of everyone involved with AF 447 - Hoping for some miraculous news.  Fear of flying officially heightened.  
thinking of everyone whose loved one's were on that Air France flight to CDG airport how awful 
Thinking of getting my hair cut like this http://tinyurl.com/lswf64 -my long hair is too hot for the summer 
Thinking of getting up soon. Can't sleep anymore  almost did actually but a facebook msg woke me up  should use phone only when sleeping
Thinking of getting up soon. Can't sleep anymore  almost did actually but a facebook msg woke me..
thinking of going to bed bc i have work tomorrow at 9 
Thinking of going to the gym with my Boy to make him run harder. Then we're off out tonight for a fun night. Other than that homework 
Thinking of Him again....Missing him 
thinking of him.. even tho i shouldn't be 
Thinking of him.. Im badly missing him.. 
thinking of him... 
thinking of how much i dont wanna go back 2 work 2morrow 
Thinking of Kalam and Mark, best wishes guys 
thinking of leaving  the Punjab, bt i don't want to... but i have to....    i really gonna miss my college days
thinking of Mr. Bonham today...   we miss you always.
Thinking of my best friend,love of my life/ possible soulmate... and wishing I could be with him... 
Thinking of my Husband @Garee1980 today being Friday &amp; dealing with High School jerks this last week &amp; next week.  Hang in there Hun.
thinking of my sister and stepfather today  
thinking of something to write.. 
thinking of straightening my hair.. Except everyone enjoys seeing it naturally curly 
Thinking of the weekend... It's Monday 
Thinking of ways to revive the ailing srd. Fanghuiiiiiii  I'm missing 4F, AHS and riane toooooo
thinking of what to eat this afernoon, honestly i miss my mom cook 
thinking of what to eat this afernoon, honestly i miss my mom's cook 
thinking of you  
thinking of you - Katy Perry 
Thinking of you is on repeat atm. Makes me sad 
thinking of you.. 
Thinking on how to get rid of a sore throat when I have a wicked weekend ahead to enjoy!!! 
Thinking on volunterring at the SPCA,  English exam tomorrow 
Thinking on what to take to France. It's sadly not a pleasure trip as I'm attending a family funeral. I've had four in 18 months 
Thinking our new lawn is turning brown cause of the heat- not good 
thinking salt &amp; vinegar chips cures nausea, want some 
Thinking that eating whatever I wanted on the honeymoon was a very bad idea.  
Thinking that i fall in love with a guy that have a girlfriend  ssooo freaking sad
Thinking that if Liverpool waste Â£18million on Glen Johnson then we ain't ever winning the title 
thinking that keron needs to be closer 
tried IMing a friend. Apparently not around.    Oh well I best get the mail  stupid mail.
Tried my old Canon Photoshot A70 yet again but it is dead  Think I might need a new camera... Oh look... birthday's coming! 
Tried on beautiful dresses, just wish they had fitted! oh well, back to scrubbing the bin clean 
Tried out 1 vs 100. I got a 14 question streak until I forgot that &quot;Earth&quot; was the 3rd from the sun 
Tried out Acadian Bakery for lunch upon @houston_foodie's encouragement (http://is.gd/1aK8c). Cheeseburger was OK. Fudge was terrible.  
Tried playing CS:S again...Am not PRO anymore... 
Tried reading about E3 to try and impress Jaseface, but kinda gave up due to the fact that I can understand none of it 
tried sending a message to @gulpanag. she is not following me 
tried taking a non coated pain killer but the pill got stuck in my expander 
Tried the new cocktail bar, which my ex recommend. But caipis are still a total fail in town 
tried to bust out the window and pull his mistress through it. Then punched his actually gf in the face! I miss that show. 
tried to check out your site @poeticmindset ... not working 
tried to connect my HDTV set top box AGAIN. this time i found sound but no picture! why can't i just work it out? it's making me nuts 
Tried to convince client to use font Chaparral Pro. Wanted to evoke a newstand mag feel. They bottled it  Apex sans it is then &lt;sigh&gt;.
Tried to cut corners building a Flash demo and, of course, it came back and bit me in the ass in the home stretch. 
Tried to do some painting again today, didn't work as well 
Tried to do some writing today, and I just can't get into it 
tried to do the iran protest but clicked the wrong button and now i cant do it again 
Tried to download and install the new update for my iphone yesterday.....couldn't get it to work! 
Tried to download iphone OS 3.0 to no avail... Guess its not June 17th in Cupertino yet... 
Tried to eat a peach but I can't b/c my braces 
tried to eat ice cream. cried in pain when i took the gauze out 
Tried to feed Riley asparagus, purple hashbrowns, and scrambled hollandaise( temp). Epic fail 
tried to find karmichael hunt... sadly they dont have anyone with that name 
Tried to fix my car window. Finally, I had to remove the dome light bulb, since the sensor doesn't work anymore. window is still broken 
Tried to fix the bike no luck. Have to get it to a shop tomorrow. 
Tried to get a video but it's not picking up the steam  It's weird, looks like it's on fire!
@SydneyRenee90 Me too Syd.....good luck. I am struggling right now to stay on. I keep falling off the program 
@sydneyswans ok enough already 
@SYDNEYx0 i hope so! all i've heard is how bad it is  we'll see today!
@sydneyyBROWN: @hiimbreetard I miss you two 
@sydofsupasavy im tryna go to england in the spring so its best i save up errthing til then. but still.... im missin the independence 
@sydsquid i mis yooouuu. 
@sydthekid  that sucks!
@SyedMuhafiz Yup. Pic taken indoors. Not using DiGi though, was on WiFi courtesy of #streamyx. Nak buat macamana dah takda pilihan 
@syekr is myki really horrible? 
@Sygmus I'd get on to keep you company, but I haven't felt like MSing in a while.  Sorry you're lonely. ;-;
@syhrlovesyou Miss you tooo. Sorry didnt reply your text i was in camp. They took my phone 
@syifachipuy wahh sayang bgt yaa 
@sylan0 why was urs $105??? and i had to pay my own on my visa 
@SylFabulous i knowwwww...im turning 
@SylFabulous Not a good feeling.  
@Syliss I don't think so either. Sad thing is I actually haven't used it much because of exams 
@Sylphiel if they ran it earlier I'd be better able to go 
When we came out I was the sick one, now everyone else is borked and crying off home and I'm raring to go. Saturday night fail 
when we leave this year we won't be coming back, no more hanging out because we're on a different track 
When we were in Melbourne we stayed in Roberta Williams' neighbourhood but we never saw her 
when wil the rain stop? i'm hungry 
When will BLG's new album be released? 
when will Carl Jr's open in Toronto  I really really really want a portebello mushroom 6$ Burger 
when will ellen be new agsin  http://plurk.com/p/xppvm
When will I get up &amp; get motivated!!?? 
When will I learn that noodles are NEVER EVER okay? 
when will i not feel like poo!!! it looks like my son is coming down with it now, But at least he has me too wait on him. 
When will I see you again @ LostnSuperMrkt ?  My heart is weeping! 
When will I stop feeling so empty? 
when will i stop procastinating and finish my story dammit! 
when will it be when I go to the G-Y-M  who knows??
when will it rain.??????? 
When will Kindle became worldwide? 
when will korean companies understand there is a need for english on their websites... difficult to do ur work when u can't understand 
When will MMS work on the iphone?!?! 
When will the madness end ?? 
when will the rain stops? i'm hungry 
when will these &quot;rolling stones&quot; finally show up? we have a presentation at 9 am, were supposed to meet at 7:30, ALL late.. ((ugh))   
when will things get better?...as of right now it looks like they wont b for a very long time..ughh i hate it 
When will this be over!!!!! 
when will this chest infection go away? 
When will this game ever end? 
When will this nasty cold go away? I've never felt to wretched 
When will this pain pass? I didn't went to the sea because of this  No es fÃ¡cil amar a alguien muy lejos ...
when will this stop  i want the tears to go away  i cant take it 
when will UP be finally out in the UK 
When would the MKVI GTI ARRIVING IN OUR SHORE :'(. Still no confirmation yet 
Thinking that LittleBigPlanet community needs parental censorship. Saw a level titled &quot;How to Kill Your Best Friend&quot; Real nice for kids 
Thinking that maybe its not really worth it ... Waiting for confirmation 
thinking that pulled muscles don't sound like much fun at all 
Thinking that the reason I found OSX better than Windows at script reliability is that there were less 'core' updates. That has changed 
Thinking that this is possibly the longest day ever!!! when is 5pm going to arrive seriously!! 
thinking that when low cost airlines are delayed that they're seriously delayed  #fb
Thinking the last 10 days have been practice for letting her go.  doesnt make it any eaisier
thinking there are some changes i should make to my papers... but i've already printed them 
Thinking this broken leg thing sucks balls. None of my friends have time to visit me. 
Thinking this weeks hospital appointments et al will prob halt plans to attend #EdTweetup tomorrow - babysitters etc... damn bad timing 
Thinking too much. 
thinking waay too much  as per usual
thinking we never had a 1st date yet..... 
thinking what a beautiful clear blue sky today   and I'm at work 
Thinking what present would really make my dad happy tomorrow ... it's complicated to find something for men ... 
thinking when I actually start to trust someone they shatter it..  &quot;And the 7th thing I like the most that you do.. you make me love you&quot;
Thinking whether I should text him back 
thinking whether to meet up with zal or not. so tired 
thinking... looking... waiting... and I can't go farther even one step I NEED TO DECIDE... but I can't 
thinking....hard decisions 
Thinkng about my aunt  I wonder where you are now... R.I.P Tia Eliana
thinks $43.50 is too much to see Kings of Leon live, but will pay the price anyway 
thinks @aplusk should stop posting pictures of creepy dolls haha! no sleep for me tonight... 
Thinks @gurdy18 id CRAZY! I hate the sound of thunder and i hate lighting 
When you have had a tough day it is nice to come home to a familiar face... Only I don't know anyone here 
when you have so many things in heart to express to the person but can't....is really hard &amp; torturing.....  
When you have to go, you have to go.. Heading to Concorde Lafayette Hotel for a meeting, unfortunately not for a date  #fb
When you post something on twitpics it automatically sends out a tweet, cool, unless you delete the pic. 
when you read my updates, blogspot, bulletin on myspace, etc. You could just figure it out on your own. I don't care 
When you said the bus comes every 5 mins- you lied. Oh wait, I'm the one who said that 
When your 67 year-old dad is raving about his iPhone you really feel stupid not having one yet... 
When your dreaming with a broken heart the waking up is the hardest part 
when your finally happy..why does something bad have to happen?? 
when your loved ones are hurt, it changes the mood of everything 
When, oh when, will @TennesseeWaltz  be back on the interwebz? 
Whenever I get gas I feel like I'm wasting my money 
whenever I really need the best friends I have they are nowhere to be found...bleh I'm all melancholy tonight 
Whenever I see a little dirty teenager, I immediately think of Duquane &quot;Dookie&quot; from The Wire...Future Heroin Addict 
Whenever I start making something in PHP, I get bored in 2 or 3 days  I am so used to ASP.NET (That never gets me bored)
whenever i vote for tom, it doesnt work 
Whenever I watch a specific period movie I always cry a little bit because I'm not there anymore. 
When're you gonna release Aus dates Mr @craigeryowens, I need to get my plan on. 
When's a Mac versino of Quake Live gonna come 
when's mother's day again, tweeps? 
when's my tea! omg i'm so hungry 
when's the next time the tiger's play i lost my schedule 
Where am I? 
Where am I?  Can I go home yet?  
thinks 25 followers is better than none but would like more 
thinks a final score of 128 - 129 is SO disappointing. 
thinks about thinks about her daadddd.  http://plurk.com/p/126dfb
thinks about this application... it's so complicated...  http://plurk.com/p/rqpd1
thinks anything.....  http://plurk.com/p/ytgrs
thinks BBQs rock  - but hayfever sucks 
thinks bebem is angry at me  http://plurk.com/p/12nhu7
Thinks boys are idiots 
Thinks Brooklyn Center should be closer to here. I miss my huni 
thinks dentists are mean 
thinks ditinggal tidur sepertinya  oh well.... http://plurk.com/p/131szp
thinks Do i really need this heartache?   http://plurk.com/p/yybjh
Thinks everything goes by faster when the ipod is playing! I'm over here painting 
thinks failing sucks, especially in medicine 
thinks FileZilla is still a better gui downloader than the rest of the other alternatives  http://plurk.com/p/11ft76
thinks furniture shopping is so much fun... Till you given the total bill. 
thinks getting a cold in summer sucks! 
Thinks Glandular Fever is horrible, my poor son has been ill for 6 weeks and keeps having nosebleeds and looks awful 
thinks grabe...kauumpisa lang ng school year burn out na ako...  http://plurk.com/p/12fkkd
thinks halfwit will go 
thinks halfwitt should have gone, not ciaron 
thinks he can't be a Korean boy band superstar anymore coz he can't fit into skinny jeans...  http://plurk.com/p/13uf5z
thinks he got his hubby sick. 
thinks he had one of his worst games ever today...  http://plurk.com/p/ucmpa
Thinks he may have a very bad oil leak in his car 
thinks he may need to start looking for a job sooner rather than later 
thinks he spends way too much on perfumes 
thinks he will be up all night getting this persuasive speech together!!  
where are all ma bestfriends at ? , MIA or wat ? 
Where are all my favorite tweeters?! 
where are all my followers going  please follow !!! pleeeeeease
Where are all my peeps at? 
WHERE are all my students who were dying to learn web programming this summer??? 
where are all the ants in my room coming from 
Where are all the NICE, SINGLE guys my age (or 30+ according to the stats)? Do they even exist? 
WHERE ARE MY #awesomeclub MEMBERS?! ( @williamjone @_kimberlynicole ) omg we havent had a meeting in forever!!! 
where are my bomb asssss chips lauren 
Where are my books!! Sorry I am having issues this morning. The withdrawal is getting to me. 
Where are my buddies??? @bowser1914 @missodfly @onenonlyfab...I miss u guys 
where are my followers in twitter?? now,just 9! 
Where are my headphones? 
Where are my messages from yesterday? 
Where are my peeps? And my boyfriend? In Miami 
Where are Pretzel Sticks when you want some? I know! Not in your pantry. 
where are the bloody results! i need to study badly  #awaresg
where are u my love???? I miss u 
Where are you @Joneerocks Did not hear from you today!!! 
where are you boogan baby? 
Where are you Monica Oropel??? 
Where are you my mental twin 
WHERE ARE YOU!!?? U LEFT....  #jtv http://justin.tv/future_movie_star
Where are you, tweeters? I'm alone here 
where are you?????? 
where art thou Smiley Face? 
Where art thou, Romeo? 
where as the sun gone. Knew it was to good to last 
where can I find a bleeding chanel necklace --lasercut?  it's like they don't exist anymore.... 
where can i find an indian youth study on the web for free. i know its asking for much 
Where can I find examples or twitter used in web design? Can't find a whole lot using google  Thanks tweeps ;-P
Where can I get nice food for Mam down the Bay that a) is likely to have room for 3 tonight and b) isn't the mingin' burger kitchen 
where can I get some Jordan 3's in my size?! can't find em anywhere 
where can I purchase reasonably priced athlon XP 3200+ my PC is DRAGGING its ass when more than 2 programmes open 
Where can i use my scripts....... 
Where can I watch I'm a celeb USA and paris new bff 2 online? I hate British television. 
Where can we watched the MTV Music Awards? 
where did #bradiewebb go  hes not in trending topics anymore...
Where did @MissKatiePrice Get her Pink Hoof Oil from when she did her launch for kp equestrian Because i cant find it anywhere 
where did @thisstarchild go? 
Where did all my moneez go?  tattoo expo tomorrow.
Where did all the lovely weather go??? 
Where did d weekend go? Can some1 please tell me.. 
Where did everyone go? 
Where did I go wrong? 
Where did my glasses go?? 
where did my Krav Maga schedule go 
Where did my long weekend go? 
where did my pic go 
Where did my picture go!?   Now I know what @alyankovic felt like.
where did my sexy fox go 
Where did my Sunday go? I used it so judiciously and still seem to have lost it all  Alas...woe betide..and all that crap!!!
Where did my tourettes go 
Where did my warm weather &amp; sun go?? Come back to me 
where did spring go?? 
where did summer go!!!?  at least I'm not sunburnt - @MarthaFalls ouch!
where did the good weather go?  
where did the last 3 hours of my life go 
Where did the solid blue sky go?  Or any blue. Clouds are stupid.
Where did the sun go!   Someone move re clouds
where did the sun go? it looks like it rain! not happy 
Where did the sun go? Typical shitty British weather 
Where did the week go? And no concrete plans for the weekend 
where did the weekend go?!?!  Not looking forward to a 10 hour shift tomorrow 
Where did the wind come from? And why am I still awake? 
Where did this evil cloud come from 
Where did you go wrong .. 
where do i find racer-back tanks for farissa? they are so scarce! 
Where do i go from here? 
Where do you write?  Want to know so badly. So much.
Where does people's anxiety come from?  I mean, too much of that is just mind-numbing hell. 
Where has @GenuineAmy been??? I miss her!! 
Where has all my money gone?! 
where has everyone been all day? 
Where has my boo gone 
Where has my early waking times gone? 
Where has my picture gone? 
Where has the hot weather gone?!? 
Where has the morning gone? 
Where has the summer gone!?!?!?!?! 
Where has the sun buggered off to? I miss it 
Where has the sun gone anyone 
where has the sun gone!  movie session later with the girlss
Where has the sun gone!!!! It was hot yesterday and today its raining???!!! That's English weather for you  Goin shopping later! woop!!! x
where has the sun gone!!? 
WHERE HAS THE SUN GONE?! Work today, booo 
tried to get an iphone this afternon, but at&amp;t in wichita is out.  now counting down the hours until tuesday 
tried to get HC and it didnt work sad face!!! now im sad stupid thing wont work  D:
tried to get Lauren Conrad's book today. not out til 1st July  i have to wait another month.
Tried to get online this morning and computer was down. I hate it when Mondays start that way. Hour behind now... 
Tried to get people to take pics of what they were doing during the Twitter outage - but no one had a camera. 
tried to get some sleep, and was allmost ther, then my crackhead cat decided she wanted to get high an rampage thru my house  now coffee..
Tried to give up seat for LHR-IAD flight for @unitedairlines &amp; perks. Fell through &amp; now in a broken economy+ seat. 
tried to go green, doesn't seem to have worked 
Tried to go through my gaming pile of shame today but ended up replaying left 4 dead the whole time instead 
tried to go to a pub quiz, only to find it hasn't run for months 
Tried to go to bed early...long day tomorrow. Too bad i can't sleep.  
Tried to go to Mamaks w Naomi - but they are shut! Under renovation!  Nasi Lemak at McLucksa instead.
tried to go to sleep at a reasonable hour and still hours later can't fall asleep 
Tried to have crazy butt sex but somebody walked in 
Tried to help luke into bed, and he threw up in my shoe. I got sick in my shoes! 
Tried to install Sims 3 on my iPod and it's bricked it  Now restoring...
Tried to make a heart monitor- it didn't work. Got caught in the rain- it was heavy. Boo.  
tried to make MD crabcakes last night from canned (dios mio!!) crabmeat..a sad affair.   maybe they can fed ex crab from balmer?
tried to make my hair curly, but it didn't work 
tried to make popcorn until i realized i had the settings on defrost. 
Tried to pull four-hour work-week so checked my email once today. Eff, that's a lot of email. Self managing my need to Tweet at work too 
tried to record but it didn't wrk out!  sumtimes I feel like im nt dng ne thg right! finna watch tv nd thk of sum lyrics....so yeh!
tried to renew license online, failed.  I'll try to do so next weekend or on monday in person
Tried to rent InFamous from Blockbuster but all out   Prototype ?...not so sure.
Tried to ride, same problem instantly returned in a different spot on the same leg. Out for the count and no racing for me tomorrow 
Tried to save a poor little possum that had been hit by a car, the vet couldn't save him, he had to get put down 
Tried to see what some of my instruments are worth today. Henri's was willing to give me 200 for both my flutes and didn't want my 'bone. 
tried to sleep in. didn't work. my body must be in sync with @broox. 
tried to stick around outside the stage door to get his autograph but was told that he had already left out a side door 
Tried to stop and see adri. But she was too busy 
Tried to suppress sneeze and ended up biting my tongue, I fail once again 
Tried to take a little nap but unsuccesful.  Gonna shower &amp; get ready for Red Sox game....pray for no rain!!!!!
Thinks her 4 hour unplanned nap this afternoon is keeping her wide awake still 
thinks her body may have become immune to her new allergy medicine already.  
thinks her boyfriend hates her 
thinks her braces should stop cutting her lips! 
thinks her dogs a turning &quot;nocturnal&quot;!  They aren't sleeping well at night anymore! http://plurk.com/p/xeyyy
thinks her email must be broken as no new messages for HOURS.... 
thinks her fingers broken by running away from a fly then bending it backwards by the door handle 
thinks her foot might fall off. its hurt for 5 hours now even after applying denise's miracle cream. Here comes another doctor visit  
thinks her new sound card blew 
Thinks her profile is naked because there is nothing on it 
thinks he's a facking idiot sometimes 
thinks he's found the most boring thing to do at work 
thinks he's getting an eye infection 
Thinks he's too late 
thinks his computer is going to die    viruses suck
thinks his haircut isnt as bad as it looked yesterday.....  - still bad tho!
thinks homework sucks 
thinks i am getting sick... 
thinks I caught Chloe's cold 
thinks I have an ear infection  
thinks i wont be able to go to school today. ive got loads of reading and papers to do  http://plurk.com/p/121xya
thinks if I dont take this, what will happen?  http://plurk.com/p/13w9sh
thinks it might rain today 
thinks it should be easier! deep breathe! 
thinks it sucks coz Boston is out of the playoffs   http://plurk.com/p/uknj6
thinks it would be terrible if bexs watched all of twilight and still doesnt see it 
thinks its creepy how people can so easily lie on the internet 
thinks it's freezing in here 
thinks its funny how you can remember things 
Thinks It's Going To Be A Long Week Or Skool Work  Skool is not my THANG. So Much To Do, So Little Time 2 Fit, Inc MRI Scan...Gaah.
thinks its gonna be a long ass weekend and it hasn't even started yet. 
Where Has the Sun Went  ?
where has the sunshine gone should be a beer garden day  x
Where has the sunshine gone?!? Vancouver is grey today 
where has this week gone??? 
where has twitteria gone  friends?
Where have all the nice people gone? 
where i live lol but still i soo shoudve seen them... grrrrr 
Where in sherway? We can't find them 
Where in Singapore do they sell Dujour? 
Where is #ohnotheydidnt ? 
Where is @donniewahlberg when you need him 
where is @HoodieCouture ??? 
where is @isak @lessthanthreeme @maester @shanebob210 @brycepaschal ???? 
Where is @thejuelzsantana ? I miss reading his twitts! ahh poo, I've been spoiled &amp; now I don't know how to act 
Where is aunt @shawnasaari ? She hasn't been around lately to reprimand me and teach me new tricks! 
where is duck tales &amp; tail spin???? 
where is every one  http://bit.ly/Jj53g  LOL
Where is everybody 
where is everyone did people die? 
where is everyone gone?!  all talkative &amp; when i come on you all run away on me?!
Where is everyone this morning? I'm bored .... 
Where is everyone tonight?? 
where is everyone!!!!!!!!!!!! 
where is everyone?  i need someone to hold my hair...i have plague 
Where is everyone? Still stuck indoors. 
WHERE IS EVERYONE?? NO ONE'S TWEETING!!!                    x
where is everyoneeeeeeeeee ? 
where is evrybody ? 
where is gojiwa 
Where is Haleigh Cummings????    Such a downer.  I hope they find her soon.  Tonight would not be soon enough.
where is hannah when you need her 
where is he? 
where is he? hmmmm he didnt even reply to me this morning  oh well stayed up til 12 speaking to him last night
where is him? 
Where is iPhone 3.0??!!   I am waiting ... no sign of it yet in my iTunes...  
where is mii&gt;&gt;&gt;get off of work already.ugh @huntin4ivory 
where is my #iPhone 3.0 video ? unhappy 
where is my #SYTYCD latest ep?! 
Where is my #tweebia? 
Where is my #tweebie? 
Where is my 3.0? STILL waiting 
Where is my bestie? 
where is my boi? 
where is my boyfriend 
Where is my bunny rabbit Benny? He's been missing for weeks. 
where is my chae? 
where is my dad? he went to help a friend down the street get out of the flood. its been 40 minutes... 
Where is my digicam charger? 
Where is 'my freedom' that every1 talks about I cant bite on anything I want, I cant go anywhere I want to, cant even poop when I want to 
where is my girl? i don't know 
Where is my Graze box?!! Bloody Postroom! My fruit will be mouldy by the time I get it!! 
Where is my love? 
Where is my Lovely Bones book?.. Did I lose it again?! 
where is my melly belly when i need her ? 
where is my phone &amp; good foods? aaaaaaaaah  
WHERE IS MY PIGSTER ? WAKEEEEEEEEEEE UP ! imy so so much 
where is my sun? i miss it. 
Where is she twitter?! I have no-one to talk to. Must be too windy for my bus stop friend 
Where is she... 
Where is spring? They are forecasting 30-35 degrees F here tonight! I'll have to cover up my seedlings! 
Where is summer? It's sooo cold here 
Where is Teng? 
Where is that paris flight? The donkeys are kicking! Am a bit nervous about flying tomo 
Where is the boy I adore? 
Where is the damn love @inglewood_erin @bgirardmadama2i ???? 
Where is the hole in this air mattress 
where is the iPhone 3.0 software 
WHERE IS THE IPHONE UPDATE?! 
where is the postman 
Where is the preview 
where is the summer weather? 
where is the sun 
Where is the sun and why doesn't it want to come out for us  
Where is the sun!! 
Where is the sun? Clouds are so depressing 
where is the sun? This is a very dull Sat in Melbourne 
where is the sunshine...the only thing i see are clouds... 
Where is the world gonna go without ed mcmahon? 
where is this day going?? Taking the kids to the dentist in 15 minutes.. then dinner &amp; Jada's softball game! Sewing is not getting done! 
Where is this much feted sunshine the weather folk were promising? It is cloudy, dull and impossibly muggy 
where is tom ,danny,harry &amp; dougie not been on twitter  i'm getting bored without them.!!
Where is Zach Galifianakis? He was the whole reason i started on Twitter and now he is gone.  
where ma girls at?? @vpayne is miss mia today  ...@zurihall answer my text!
Where my gamecube used to be is only a dustless #squarespace 
Where my twitters @!?!?!?! 
Where o where is my dream lover?     &lt;dream Lover&gt;
where oh were are my favorite girls?  @djTracyYoung and @smaggg   i miss them mucho.
Where oh where is my @L2LJ??? 
Where oh where is my iPhone 3G S?? 
where oh where is my roomie? hope driving back from nyc is not too bad  poor gal.
Where on earth has the summer gone? Im absolutely frozen, its p-ing down with rain! Come back mr sun 
where r all my ppls??? not on twitter 
Tried to take a nap to relax.. instead I got stressed while dreaming and now am really tense again.    boo.
Tried to take a nap...it didn't happen.  
Tried to tether my iPhone, but apparently it only works with the 3G. So no wicked-fast EDGE surfing for me... 
tried to trick that 'Wolfram|Alpha' site by putting in 0/0. Result: indeterminate 
Tried to upgrade to the iPhone 3.0 and it created &quot;a big fuckin shit!&quot; Have been without iPhone for nearly 12 hours now. 
tried to upload a profile pic - what a pain in the arse. wont let me 
Tried to use Dad's laptop to update phone. Laptop acted like phone wasn't even there. I hate Windows... Have to wait till I get back. 
tried to watch Paul Blart but couldn't make it past the first 30 minutes. what now 
Tried Tweetdeck for iPhone but can't see &gt; 5 prev posts on All Friends. Rather a decent history than heaps of columns. Crashes on launch 
Tried updating mine this AM but took too long! Will have to try again later 
tried voting for you Ramona, with no luck trying to figure it out 
Tried watching Angels and Demons three times now but the cinema is sold out everytime. 
Tried with smsjunction.com.. but got ODBC Driver errors.  
tried, about to go to sleep &lt;3 in a bad mood 
Trimmed the fat on Safari Sketch . . . runs on the iPhone . . . slowly  . . . time to optimize draw calls.
tring to learn my lines for shakespear ! isnt working lol   x
Trip delayed by one day...  and a BEAUTIFUL day to boot &lt;sigh&gt; ... On the road tomorrow FER SURE!
Trip may be cancelled. Mechanical problems. 
Trip to DC next week canceled.  So, no Artomatic or beer with @genehack.  
trip to New York City canceled 
Trip to NYC cancelled. 
Trip to the plant nursery got rained out. I miscalculated the start of the rain. 
Trip was fantastic, love the USA to bits. Not sure how the timezones work but earlier i was in times squ, now in terminal 1 
Tripos dinner tonight - I'm no longer a graduand, so can't attend 
Tripped over my grandmother's cane and got a carpet burn. 
Tripping balls cause my baby isn't replying  soooo paranoid.
trips to hospital agin 
Trish - a day that goes by without speaking with Trish just feels so unfulfilling! 
triste, no companion for saturday 
Trkish Grand Prix on Sunday.....miss my man 
Trojan.Vund.H     http://bit.ly/srBCX via @addthis
Trophies won't be done until Monday?!?  
troptraditions@ I have been using TTCO for over 6 years!! The best!!! Waiting with baited breath for next coupon...missed last one. 
Trouble in Iran, I see. Hmm. Iran. Iran so far away. #flockofseagullsweregeopoliticallycorrect
Trouble in paradise   I really don't wanna move again...
Troubleshooting CTS (Documentum Content Transformation Services) 
trtying to sort out my student finance!- which is a nightmare! 
Truck full of silver bars imploded on itself.  Delayed us an hour and we didn't  even get a bar for our troubles.  No photo 
Truck has bit the dust, don't know if I'll make the Mustangs game tomorrow 
truck picture: http://img188.imageshack.us/img188/6531/24470176.png it's literally dripping with the crap  
Truck wont start. Stuck in taco bell parking lot. And its super hot 
Trudy's makes me feel like a rhino on roofies.. BWEARNMERFSSLLL... not so good having only a few hours of sleep 
True Blood is coming and I don't have HBO anymore. 
True Blood season 2 starts next Sunday!!!! Yippppeeeeee!!!! I'm going to miss Lafayette though. 
True Blood season 2 tonight. Tempted to stay up and watch it, but I will have to wait until Tuesday. 
true blood-- whyyyyyy did they change lafayette? 
True colors and ignorance ended my night to a lovely day... 
True friends are hard to find...I thought I knew who mine were, but I guess not.  
True Life &quot;im addicted to crystal meth&quot; is on mtv 
TRUE LIFE WASNT ON CABLE!!! 
True story: @GovernorPerry 's Belle updates seriously make me want another Lab puppy 
True true mmaannn I'm tired! I didn't even do my hair 
TrueAchievements Status Change: Bad Thunderstorms here in Ohio having to play offline 
truecat is DOWN for the count...       (in case she isn't updating right now)..lol
truelife: i am an adult  ; long day today starting w/ laundry followed by donation to the bank at 5 30am ! responsibleMeL~
Truely grumpy today, lifted only by a visit from aunty B. Back to being grumpy 
Truly do not know why i am still alive..SLEEEP! too bad i have a messy house to clean first 
Truly getting over someone takes baby steps... But the first step is deciding if you really wanna get over them... He's still my ideal... 
Truly hating 165.4 miles right at this very moment!!!!!!! 
truly wishes ppl would stop using her feelings to score points against each other 
Truly, no light is visible through it.  But I need an Espresso machine, it's taking too long to brew.  
trust me to be feeling iffy on a day like this  change must come
Trust no1, esp the ppl ur thought were ur friends.. makes u wonder who u can trust.. 
truth to be told, this isn't how i wanted to be 
Thinks it's gonna rain!  NooooOOoooo!!
Thinks its just unfair 
thinks its pure bull sh*t that Rick is going to the cubs game without me  BOO!
thinks its revision time 
thinks its sad that the last person alive who was on the titanic has died!  x
thinks It's too bad my mp3 player won't play BHR  http://plurk.com/p/116sdr
thinks it's too nice to be cooped up inside at work.  Always like this on work days and it's going to rain the next few and I have off 
Thinks it's tragic we're at work when it's weather like this!!! 
Thinks its weird that everyone seemed to loose internet conection last night. And is also annoyed that tweets wont update from my phone 
Thinks I've been stood up 
thinks jokes on tragedies are done in bad taste  http://plurk.com/p/xsjc0
thinks kenapa siiiiih rese banget nyokap gue  http://plurk.com/p/xgpfu
thinks Martin Weiss @afroman2168 is a big buuuullly but he did kinda win @drainey323 
thinks Matt is super handsome and it's a shame I can't see him all day 
thinks men are bastards 
thinks my bro-in-law is not a good husband. tsk tsk tsk...  http://plurk.com/p/11lzzr
Thinks my cell phone just died!!! Not battery dead....dead, dead 
thinks my phone might be broken! Oh pooh! 
thinks nosedives are pretty scary 
thinks of hot garlic noodles...bluemarls kc eh!!!  http://plurk.com/p/y55mn
thinks ppl hate her...no ones IMing her and her friends arent sending emails  )-:
Thinks really, why did I have to go and drop my iPhone?! 
thinks she has a major ear infection 
Where r the twitts? Seeepppieee! Huh 
where r u?  @mrsvhudgens
WHERE R Uuuuuuuu?!?!?!?!?!?! 
where the eff is might ducks!? why can i not find it 
Where the F is Friday!? I'm ready to go home...Graduation, Wedding, &amp;&amp; RIP Boodee G-land gonna miss u lil homie! 
where the fuck are my summer heights high dvds, i've looked everywhere. argh this is depressing. 
Where the fuck is ana!?! 
Where the Fuck-word did the #PhotoBooth go in the 5th street market?!?! Sadness of a million kinds. 
where the hell has @rustyrockets got to??  xx
where the hell is he? He's disappeared. I wanna talk to him so badly. I almost wanna call him, but I don't want him to get mad. 
where the hell is james at? hes supposed to help me open. ugh, if he doesnt show up when i did on tuesday for my day off ima be pissed. 
where the hell is my damn picture messaging for my Iphone?! 
Where the hell is my football? I wanna kick it around today! 
where the hell is my ipod 
Where the hell is my motherfreaking ipod?!!!! Missing for 3 days now. 
Where the hell is the sun?? 
Where the hell the holidays go I was doing homework and instill run out of time 
where the hellia can I watch big bro'!?! nothing much on youtube and I watched one channel but can't remember who now 
where those *&amp; ^% Iphone 3.0 update remain. it's allready after midnight... 
where u r is where i wanna be.. ooh next to u and u next to me.. i need to find u! @jonasbrothers i need us guys  oneday i'm gonna find u!
where was d weekend?? 
Where was I? oh yeah, the wall fixture 
Where will this leave the kids??? That my friends, is the saddest part of all.  
where would i get JAM magazine? i can't find it in panvel.. my review is been published 
Where you at mane?? Guess you went to sleep. No...... You're on TWITTER! 
whereareyou?  i miss you.
Where'd everyone go?  I guess I'll bbl too...
Where'd my paternity leave go? http://bit.ly/1FJKy See you back in work Monday 
Where'd that mr pepper dude go  (via #zenjar )
where'd the big yellow thing in the sky go? It was here yesterday 
Where'd the sun go  BRACES OFF TOMOZ HOPEFULLYYYYY 
where'd the sun go?? was at torrey pines today &amp; it was sooooo cold  hope the weekend is nice - del mar fair tomorrow!
Where'd this damn cough come from?  Fucking Milton Keynes, that's where.  I think I caught Geek-Cough or something. 
thinks she has an ear infection 
thinks she is actually a bit of an idiot 
thinks she is going to be at this traffic light all night  haha
thinks she is way overdue for a reading. @c0llide? @salamangkiero? Anyone? Also, is Mercury Retrograde over yet? Someone please say yes. 
thinks she just got some bad news.... 
thinks she lost her camera at Phebes.  Didn't get to upload the pics of her students at the special olympics or the tasty wings...
thinks she may be addicted to Twilight... very concerning 
Thinks she may gave Monday-itis early 
thinks she may have been stood up. (via @rebornspirit)  *hugs* Did they show up?
thinks she may miss BGMT even more than BGT!! No more Stephen Mulherne 
Thinks she might just die from the sweltering heat of her bedroom. Ewwwww hotttt 
thinks she needs more followers. its still so warm  going cinema later t c night at the museum2
thinks she will not be able to go with @dhazhtin on Wednesday.  http://plurk.com/p/12oc9b
thinks she'll take a nap now  http://plurk.com/p/tpivq
thinks shellylynnlove is always mean to her...everyday 
thinks she's done something, but isn't quite sure what it is.. oh where are you when i need you? 
thinks shes getting a cold! 
thinks she's going to go to bed about now. Just got the sad bit in Buffy  Next episode is s6ep16: The Body. But not today, maybe tomorrow
thinks shes losing her best friend 
thinks she's made a big mistake.  TWO days and already made to feel responsible for every morsel of food going into someone else's mouth 
Thinks someone has blocked her 
thinks someone may have keyed her car.  Big scratches on the hood.  
thinks someone must have punched her last night. Ribs are well sore 
thinks something and okay, goodluck ako.  http://plurk.com/p/x2bnl
thinks still hate bout bu.prita case  tp alhamdulillah ada kbar baik . td liat tipi beliau sampe nangis di p... http://plurk.com/p/y2bzt
Thinks that @Bria_Jane @troyboywonder1 and @indierockboy should bring me some food from McDonalds. 'cuz I'm fully empty and sad 
thinks that @Wossy should give Matthew Fox a kiss for me since I can't do it myself  tehe
Try again . . . 
Try naming all 50 states in 6 minutes. It's harder than you think 
Try South Africa 
try taking 13-no 14 knives and stabbing your throat. then you know how i feel right now 
try to book a flight from munich to london 
try to get friendship with around the world. btw my english speak not so good. 
try to install 3.0 on iphone ... but doesn't run smooth 
Try to invite sb going to see Hannah Montana The movie with me, in Megastar 
Try to meet my Sweet heart, but it don't work 
TRY TO SLEEP BUT EVERYONE ARE TALKING! AND I CANT BELIEVE I MISSED THE SIMPLE PLAN SHOW AT THE VERGIN FEST IN MONTREAL 
Tryi to send a twit pic of me and jeezy but my blackberry dyin.  hold on tweets let me try to send it b4 it dies cross ya fingaz
Tryin 2 cope wit this father's day . My first 1 without my daddy 
Tryin 2 finish Sister Souljah's &quot;Midnight&quot;. Reads HELLA slow!! I was excited at 1st!  60 chapters of nothing! Good thing I'm almost done!
TRYIN 2 GET REST BE4 I GO ON SHIFT... 12 LONG DAMN HOURZ  ....
Tryin 2 get through the extremely thick head of one of my friends that hes a good guy but he wont listen! 
Thinks that he is unreal but has no chance  I wanna go out but i feel like crap so im gonna rest and get better for next saturday Wooop!!
thinks that her karma is upping very slow now  http://plurk.com/p/124g59
thinks that it is a sadsad Monday. with the weather like this, it feels like Ghost Town. 
Thinks that it's completely pointless being sunny if i have to tidy me room !!!!!  xx
thinks that life is rather boring at the mo 
thinks that mornings are actually making her physically sick. 
thinks that philippine democracy just died last night 
thinks that Pipers molars are cutting thru  we had a nice lil nap me and the girl...now just another friday night at home w/ the lil ones
thinks that she should get down to some revision 
thinks that some things in life are inevitable...like being in love with the wrong person 
thinks that the Bob and Doug Mckenzie cartoon is just AWEFUL. Nothing is better than Kanadian Korner on SCTV/Strange Brew 
thinks that the heat is completely outrageous outside!!! 
Thinks that the weather's killing her. Full fan out today, then project at night &amp; tomorrow. Zzz  - http://tweet.sg
Thinks that there are kittens in our shed  we don't even have a kitty!
thinks that things are improving for his general bipedal motion capabilities, but it'll still be awhile before I'm really back exercising 
Thinks that Ushers should have a mandatory breath check B4 proceeding 2 take their posts!!! Geez! Smells like rotten cabbage! 
thinks that whatever Helen wears, he is sure that she will probably look beautiful anyway's  And is now getting ready to go and do work 
thinks that work is going to kick my butt today...because it is. im soooo sleepy 
thinks the butter might be off 
Thinks the fever is back 
Thinks the henny and the jack are battling in my stomach 
thinks The Kite Runner is the saddest book ever! 
thinks the reason i got a twitter may be the reason i don't want to keep this twitter after all... needless to say, i'm pretty upset 
thinks the taxi driver who has my phone should give it back!...please 
Thinks the universe is conspiring against her. 
thinks the weather is far too nice to be stuck inside WH Smiths today 
thinks the world is too much with us  http://plurk.com/p/yyzrc
thinks there is way too much change going on around here.... 
thinks there might be some more rain in New York today 
thinks there's way too much rain on the weather forecast 
thinks this feeling may be chicken soup status. also needs to be taken care of when sick...may be sick 
thinks this Jon &amp; Kate episode is so depressing  breaks my heart for the kids
thinks this weekend has just disappeared. Possibly something to do with working it all away... 
thinks today could have gone better... 
Thinks today feels like a Tuesday 
thinks Tristan is getting sick 
Thinks twitter doesn't like me 
thinks Twitter is stupid because all of the followers are fake people.  
thinks uughh.. hate this thing but have to do it..  http://plurk.com/p/118wff
thinks Virtual Machine technology is very very scary 
Thinks walking in the rain with Crumbs was a HEFTY bad idea. I think I have Diptheria 
Thinks we scared Billy away 
thinks we'll have to wait until next month to go to the beach.    At least we get to stay longer than the weekend then.
thinks Yellow Cab's &quot;Dear Darla&quot; is good but it's still nothing compared to C's panizza  http://plurk.com/p/12f1hy
thinx it might be bedtime. i need to get up at 10 2mrw so need to go bed earli 
Third and last day of the retreat  #AIGA_09LR
third day in a row I have not slept well , I would like to know what is bothering me   very tired..no gym tonight I will just crash
third day running my eyes are still killing me 
Third day without coffee 
third day. damn you teachers! i was in the school 6:30. without knowing my 2 teachers will not come. our next sub would be 12. damn. 
Third set of the gig now...tired already! 
third shifts make me miss john  
Third try to get my permit tomorrow. I hope I don't fail. I miss my boy 
Third wheel to 2 random ass people, lame. The fact that neither of them know my name, wayyy lame. The fact that this is the best I've got 
thirdly-the da vinci code sucked..
Thirsty, bruised and battered after bed replacing and furniture moving.  Now what to drink? (No alcohol please- don't feel like dying!)
Thirteenth and last song: Kings of medicine. Un muy, muy buen final para un mediocre ï¿½lbum 
Thirty and still can't spread my wings. 
Thirty minutes to go... I am so tired. 
this  moment IÂ´m off Â´cause i need to do my homework IÂ´m tired just look this  books in the  table 
this #iranelection stuff is so startling. 
This #squirmles toy is such a scam! I thought it was REAL magic! What a let down! 
this #zarafa deployment talk is turning out to be Very windowsy! 
This &quot;Monarchy&quot; is gonna bleed ALL of us dry! We are nothing more than slaves to the pigs in D.C. I don't reconize my country anymore! 
This ***** ftkimpwjda user gave me a web addres turned out be a virus 
this 2 weeks aku memang betul-betul takde mood ah nak keje  #fb
this 88 in GA feels like NV 110. it's a hot one in the A 
This a.m., I wish it were acceptable for adults to throw themselves to the ground &amp; kick &amp; scream &amp; have a 2 year old-style tantrum. 
This actually broke my heart when I saw it. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8071217.stm I hope he gets home safely 
This affects all devices There is an error with twitter  every post is sent from&quot;web&quot; when this post is from my iPhone (via @Jharule182)
This Air France drama is very freaky. Do you think there is any real hope of survival? I dont  thoughts with everyone effected x
this air is unblessed, he doen't share it with me now.  already miss my boy
this alice shouldn't have followed that rabbit down the hole. for she is stuck in wonderland til she finds him again 
This already feels like one of those days where I just won't be able to win. 
This angels n demons is confusing I'm lost 
This apple is terrible 
this art homework is killing me, i cant be creative when its forced  it just doesnt mix.
this assignment is absolutely boring!!! grrrrr!!! 
this assignment should just go die! i dont get it, its so hard 
This awesome dude just gave me free food at a/w. He mustve realized the prices are too high. 10 more mins leftt on my 15 min break.. 
'This beast that rends me in the sight of all; this love, this longing, this oblivious thing' - Millay...oh that this beast were not! 
This beautifull sunshine and I have to sit on the computer to learn for German-class-test 
This bed sucks ass 
this birthday card isn't turning out right 
This blog post almost made me cry  http://tinyurl.com/lplgpg
this bloody ulcer on my tongue is killing me  I think I need to have a week off....
This book is sad. 
this book is terrible  im used 2 reading all  make believes and the teenage love stories. i thought belonging was bad but ugly is tragic!
this book sucks 
This bowl of pho is not that good. 
Where'd you go friend?  You looked so tired  you seemed so far away...
where's  my fro yo 
Where's  poss   i miss him
Where's @BillPlaschke with Laker updates!?! 
where's @EaseDaMan? I was down all day, needed a damn pick me up and didn't see a tweet from that man 
Where's @n00tz I wanted to call and say goodnight. No luck. 
Where's @octorin ?? I haven't see her for a week!! Did u miss me buddy?? Cause I am.. 
where's @purplesolleile 
Where's @Y2Amber? 
Where's a bridge when you need one?..... FUCK!     
Where's a Windows machine when you need one 
where's all our sun?! 
Where's all the work gone  God this bloody recession is biting now
Where's Cheyenne? Where's Jennifer? Where's Amelia? Where's Wen Yee? 
wheres cindy! 
where's daddy? i must hurry ....  
Where's DotP for the PS3?  I can't afford an XBOX360 
where's enthusiasm in meeeee 
Where's hubs??? 
where's micky to talk to me today? 
Where's Montreal?   Sunny Day Real Estate reunites for tour; reissues planned http://tr.im/puHs (via @Punknews)
where's mr sun ? 
wheres my  gingeryyyy hairband 
Where's my #iPhone OS 3.0??!! 
wheres my @robgold601  BlackBerry messenger is not the same 
Where's my Air France airplane? 
wheres my bear 
wheres my best text friend 
Where's my bus? I want to go home! 
Where's my dad when I bloody well need him? Boo. 
where's my dignity ? 
WHERES MY ENGLISH BOOK. im not frikin amused 
Where's my favorite DJ?  @DJSMOKKE
where's my friend? im a loner! 
Where's my girl kate? @bangitslauren Lauren have you seen her? 
where's my healthier place for my heart gone? 
Where's my heat and grazia subscriptions? He's probably delivered them next door 
wheres my hot water bottle aka mocha when i need him? 
Where's my husband? 
Where's my ipod when I need it  hot and bored in the car not a good mix.
wheres my ipod?!?? 
Where's my man???  
where's my mom?so bored in home 
Wheres my mother  i need to go for a shower ... 
where's my prince charming? i miss him  and miss orkut? where are you? ;~
Where's my twitter picture?? 
Where's my wallet? 
Where's pinky 
Where's portable espresso maker? Gr8 for camping, cool simple tech, great way to meet fellow campers (fffssssshwwtt - Hello!). Not here. 
WHERE'S ROOOB? 
wheres seamonkey.... 
Where's Teddy??? 
This breaks my heart.   So so sad! I feel for there families. http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/01/air.france.brazil/index.html
This bridge is just out in the country.. Its no name 
this brings back memories.  mom, help me.
This bug http://is.gd/Q8zM will see me reverting to 2008.11  #opensolaris
this buget crisis we goin thru fuckin wit ma education....summer school is officially cut!!!! 
This busy Monday morning is an indication of what lies ahead this week 
This car has its pump on the drivers side like everyone elses does 
This card looks so bad 
This Carpal Tunnel SUCKS~  I'm trying to catch up on e-mails but I can't get through them. Boooooooo
This chair in the studio is a P.O.S! It keeps lowering everytime I sit down! Maybe I should lose a few pounds 
This chair is no helping my already suffering back! 
This chair is not comfortable at all 
this cheese is fuckin up my stomach 
this chocolate bar cheers me up for sure,only 1 problem, need to work those calories off again  life is so unfair
This cig smoke is giving me a headache. Ugh 
this class is going by sooooooo slowwwwwwww  i just want to get out of here already.
THIS close to ice cream. They were already closed though.  Just got home...no one's here. Huh.
This club is kinda wack. 
This coffee is too hot! Its burnin mah mouf n shit.  and these dogs wont leave me alone!
this coffee really isnt that good 
this cold is kickin my ass! i feel like shit 
this cold is really long  its been 6 days now
this cold sucks!!  my throat hurts
this college thing is a bummer  duuuude
This color reminds me of Johnny Quest cartoons. No more rerurns of that one 
This color scheme ROCKS!!!  http://bit.ly/MXzRM Using another tragically retiring SU set!  It's sooo pretty.   -xo, Lydia
this coming from the person who said that Harry Potter sucks just a few hours ago?.(
this computer sucks penis 
This computer us fucked up. 
This connection problem is the most frustrating thing in the world 
this convo proves that Twitter's option removal was a BAD idea 
This cool is really good. And sad 
wheres the best place to buy a laptop in this country? 
Wheres the bloody sun gone 
Wheres the lovely weather gone 
Where's the summer? 
where's the sun ? 
wheres the sun gone  xx
Where's the sun!?! It's almost noon here. 
Where's the sun?  Okay so today, gonna try to get the trampolin fixed and then going w/ my best friend to an island nearby 
where's the suuuuuuuun`? still freezin' cold outside. 
wheres the toaster!!! 
wheres the tweetdeck for the berry? 
Where's the update 
Where's this soddin' iPhone update?! I want it before work 
Where's Uh Huh Her on luxuriamusic.com?!?! I'm not hearing/seeing them...  
Wheres's placebo?? what happened to them? i love those guys 
Whether I can twitter in church or not is now moot - I haven't made it again this week... Rubbish 
whew how did i end up going from mugglespace apps to youtube??? haha its just one of those days i guess. i really hate being ill 
whew wat a night i love my girls!! we had a blast!! now im dead ass tired &amp;do not feel like drivin all the way to Brownstown 
whew!  just finished all the grading for this class...many people did not make their 38 tweets/messages by today... 
whew! assignments 
WHEW! Finally gained access! Guess I won't be doing that crap again! I knew better too! 
Whew! Just arrived from school. Damn traffic in the express way  Hope they can fix the road asap...
Whew! Moving commercial-sized freezer and cooler a lot more work than I expected. Missing the HTC roundtable 
whew! RAINY AFTERNOON. 
whew! What a weekend. Went to Luxe, Love, and Timehri all in one weekend. I miss Ousboy and Swise!  Had fun with Daaly n Ku n Seedy n Kuma
Tryin 2 make a decision on rather i should go clubbin 2nite! (nothin else 2 do!  Sad I know. Club or chill. Ugh Chilln is so hard 2 do
Tryin not 2 be I'll 
tryin to deal with the distance with phone calls 
Tryin to figure out how to direct message and is gettin frustrated 
Tryin to figure out my evenin...what the devil am I gonna watch tonight? All the good shows have ended their seasons 
Tryin to figure out my life 
tryin to find crafts that i already started. not havin any luck 
tryin to find some friends on twitter 
tryin to finish twiLight's book 4.. BREAKiNG DAWN. my 'Love' broke up on me earLier, thinkin of movin on.. 
tryin to get through on radio one! i need to ask mcfly a question! 
Tryin to go to sleep but can't. 
Tryin to go to sleep... Gotta be awake and on the road in 3 hours... 
tryin to txt... its not workin 
Tryin to upload a new pic but this shit says its too big 
tryin to watch friday but it wont work 
Tryin to work out what to do 
trying  to stop my condo community from installing 4 cell phone towers.  damn then greedy cancer givers!
TRYING 2 4GET THE DAY 
Trying 2 sleep but i cant 
trying 2 sleep, but can't cuz I miss HIM sooo much 
trying a new cereal b/c they were out of my peanut butter puffins. not that impressed 
Trying a new way to make tomato-free pizza. I REALLY miss tomatoes!! 
Trying a very big running jump to cat. Its scary. 
trying and failing to download the Iphone os 3.0   in the mean time, typing up notes from a meting about touring with www.satlmine.org
Trying Andrew Carmellini's papparedelle w lamb ragu tonight. Prefer fresh pasta but my machine is STILL in a box on a boat from Mexico 
trying desperately to do the jobs he has to do first before playtime 
Trying desperatly to go to sleep without my man. 
Trying for find work in South Carolina  Hubby needs maint. job but isn't certified in hvac  We will never get to relocate!! Grrrr
Trying for sleep...its not going so well 
trying FriendFeed but ... &quot;None of your Facebook friends are on FriendFeed&quot;  
trying hard not to fall sick too 
Trying hard to embrace uber twitter, really I am - but seriously missing Tweetie, it's just not the same  http://myloc.me/4yeS
This cough aint gettin any better 
this cough is getting worse.   I need a cuddle buddy.
This crankyass is going to sleep. Hopefully less cranky in the morning 
This crap is boring  Where's everyone?  xD XD
this crappy weather is bringing me down 
this damm thing always ask what I am doing, well here I sit looking into the screen trying to think of somthing clever-----nothing yet 
This damn rain is depressing. June is 3/4 done and we haven't had a consistently warm day yet. This sucks 
This dance does suck.. I wish i stayed at yogurtland. Four bucks for jen Chan to eat my froyo 
This dance-thingy ruined my night  I want tomorrow - the dance part - to end quickly. Amen.
This Darfur vid  http://bit.ly/69QZE  makes me feel sad and upset, not 2 mention feelings about Human Rights lack 
This David Carradine thing is whack. 
this david has to go on bachelorette.  he is a dog, dirty, underhanded, short - tempered.  cute at first, but no! that personality.  
this day could not get any worse. 
this day has beasted me. 
This day has been a bear!  Oh and I hate hiccups...
This day has been so hectic. I havent had a chance to activate my phone &amp; I probably won't 'til around 5 
this day has gone incredibly slow...I can't believe it...still at work 
This day has started off craptastic 
this day is a rip off!! well its alryt i somehow got $50 from my cavalier. still my fone is broken  not to mention CBR aint running yet
This day is going by so slow. Maybe its cause ive been up since 4 am. And in the hospital since noon. My truck is no more 
this day is going from bad to worse...i broke my shoe this morning, it's windy and freezing cold out, and I still have to take a DE test. 
This day is going to be long 
This day is gonna be boring. It`s a Saturday, I`m supposed to go out. 
this day is horrible, i hate it. 
This day is moving soooooo slowly...  come on 1pm!
this day is NEVER ENDING! 
this day is really boring. 
This day is seriously going to suck! I'm not looking forward to this dance workshop considering how much i love to dance 
this day is set to drag. 9-7 is not my ideal shift. 
This day is shaping up to be soooo wonderful 
This day is taking a toll on me emotionally... 
this day is the worst day of my life!!!! i don't know who will i trust now!!!! 
Whew! Whatta day. Still stressed of thinking Davids' concert. 
whew!!! close call....speaking of calls-- 
whew!!! just finished washing tons of dishes!!!! wh0a!!!!! apol is exhausted... 
whew, lucy's better + we've all been spared so far! now I'm off for pilates,hot yoga + then a bit of shopping...clothing  + groceries 
Whew, sooo lazy to study!! 
Whew. Finally done editing my Friendster account. Haha! Oh, geez. I'm hungry. 
whew. i cant walk  my feet hurt so bad!
whew...headache is not gone 
whew...OPENS ARE DEAD...    WTF?
Whew...put on my booty shorts and white v-neck. Grabbed hello kitty and a cup of water. I think I ate too much sweets today for a snack. 
whewwww Charlotte.. I miss my bed rite about now 
Whhaaaa....cleaning my house 
Whheeyy ave got greasy hair 
Whhhhhy is it freezing out?! 
whhhyyyyyyyyyyy???!!!!! Su-bos gonna win now 
Which answers why I dislike brokeback mountain...
which got broken because I accidently knocked the unpause button before my finger was on accellerate 
which is probably why I disliked Brokeback Mountain...
Which is weird because guess where I've got to go now 
Which is why I am glad they called this tour the Full Service Tour!! Means I should hear it, didn't sing it during Summertime tour. 
which movie i have nothing to do 
This day is turning out to be miserable.  I want it to be OVER.  
This day is turning out to be the worst day in history .. Come home, mom 
This day isn't getting any better... I'm bound to be one of those who steals office supplies just coz they're bored 
This day jus keeps getting better and better  FML
This day just can't get any better! Let's see what else is in store! 
this day needs to be over now. or it needs to be 5:30 central time STAT. nothing is going my way today 
This day started on a sucky note. Woke up to a sudden, sharp pain in my back. Now I can can barely move or breath without it hurting 
This day started too early 
THIS DAY THIS DAY THIS DAY...... I SHALL TRY &amp; STAY POSITIVE BUT I HAVE A LOT ON MY PLATE 2DAY! I BARELY EVEN HAVE TIME 2 TWIT! NO FAIR! 
this day was the worst day on holidays...it was raining and my connection to internet has been broken 
This day was too long.... someone hacked me  I'm sad 
this diet sucks. during the day, all i basicly eat is salad. and i hate most things in salad. i miss pasta 
this distraction thing is serious. she needs to hurry up and come back, cuz I can't do anything either way until I get open confirmation 
this dizziness is making me go craaaaazy 
This dj is shiesty 
This do sounds so sad 
This dumb F#CK*NG B!tcH just hit me on the top of my nose and I have a bump on my nose I'm going to kill her uggghhh!! 
This dumb movie is giving me a headache 
this ecom design is slow going - looks like another all nighter  to get the project done on time  
this economy sucks....anybody have any job tips??? 
This economy thing is getting us down. I stay positive mostly but sometimes it really gets to me. Hoping Todd gets work soon. 
This elusive snare hit is pissing me off!!! 
this english language glossary has taken me all day... and im still not finished  haha how depressing!
this epidsode of 16 &amp; pregnant isnt half as good as last weeks  idk why, prob partly bcus ryan was sooo cute.
This episode feels like my life right now!!! 
This episode of Animal Cops is so sad. Poor cats 
This episode of one tree hill always makes me cry.  poor jamie.
This evening is so rainy! 
this evening, i'm having a barbecue,, BUT IT'S RAINING.. 
Trying Maxwell House 4 the 1st time... Store was out of Folgers  Making my morning iced mocha &amp; getting ready to watch #TRUEBLOOD! RAWR!
Trying my best to like twitter.... but still feel its jinXed.......?????????........ 
Trying my best to sleep. It's not quite working. 
Trying my hand at henna... I think I made it too watery  http://yfrog.com/658zsj
Trying my hardest not to feel like I'm missing everything.  It's not easy. 
Trying not to be overwhelmed by the week infront of me.  Wishing I was at home with my pup 
Trying not to cry watching this  
Trying not to die from my ear 
Trying not to drink cold water or any cold beverage for one week  to stop this cold that keeps bothering me.
trying not to eat 
Trying not to fall asleep!  What about a visit of the fitness center? hmmm...still debating! #shouldistayorshouldigo
Trying not to miss him 
Trying not to notice that there are some &quot;lasts&quot; happening. Last hot tub hour with Kyle and Andrew tonight. 
TRYING not to panic :| i never thought i'd say this but.... i don't want to miss school  my blockmates share the same sentiments...
trying not to sneeze makes me want to cry. 
Trying not to stress about this math class!  {I have a headache} (
Trying not to think about how exhausted I REALLY am. S'a good thing the day has flown by. Bye Miss Pixie &amp; Lisa. Miss ya both already.  
trying not to think about work tomorrow 
Trying not to worry about inlaws; tried to call twice tonight and they weren't home 
Trying on clothes 
Trying out #tweetdeck for the #iphone. UI is decent, functionality is awesome, but it crashes every 45 seconds or so 
Trying out @tweetdeck for iPhone ... groups are awesome ... Crashes a lot though  I'll stick with it for a little while. Wish: landscape!
Trying out natsulion for iPhone. Have to update to buy twitterrific. 
Trying out Rhapsody: I love all-you-can-eat.  But, no mac client, annoying ads (even when I pay), and no way to get music to my iPhone.  
This evening's weather is fantastic here in Ok!  I really enjoy warmer weather...now if I could just get off work 
This explains how I'm feeling right now.    â™« http://blip.fm/~89ti0
this extreme makeover home edition is too sad. 
This F.A Cup Semi Final tie is pure Mogadon 
This fall is going to be so sad for me. I will be so lost when we  go our own ways. Glad ucan join us for possibly our last shows  what
This family is having quite the bad day.  I feel worse now cuz I went to lay down and ended up napping for two hours.
This feeling wont go away  whoever said love will never tear you apart needs a reality check.
this feeling wont go away... 
This feels like the longest morning!!!  I need work to be OvER!
this feels so bad 
this finance grind is not the tea**. two more weeks and i'm free!!!// i might be free in more ways than one. // sad truth  //
this fire is giving me a headachee  ew. tracy is on burnin down.
This flu is killing me.  and I'm waitin' for the AFS result. Hope I pass the selection. Just hoping 4 the best.
this flu is killing mee!! booo! Hate being stuck inside on a beautiful day!  whomp whomp!
this Friday is seriously draggin ass!!!!!  BOOOOOOOO
this game is just sad 
This game is making me sad!  hoping arkansas has one more miracle game left and can pull this one out!
This game is no bueno 
This game is too close  eek!
This game makes me sad 
This game really isn't happening....I can't believe this. I'm speechless 
This girl I met on holiday is now pregnant and I'm the dad :0 
This girl on cold case has the exact same face as @maggiehorn tryna take a pic but phone batt too low 
This girl walked it the fuck out on my freakin' feet and my Louboutuns are messes up 
this girl's never heard of highlife  and guess where shes from?
Trying out some new browsers after APS refuses Safari as a browser... 
trying out some new kitchen curtains. i would twitpic it so you could vote, but i'm lame and don't have an iphone. 
Trying out this new app... Unsure about it. I wish I wasn't sick so I could hit the town with my peoples.. 
Trying out TweetDeck as a Twitter client program. Interface looks pretty cool - shame I couldn't get IM+ working right 
trying out twibble. Think it sux 
trying really hard to study networks.. cant retain anything.. 
Trying rly hard to break my habbit of crossing my legs  its difficult
trying so hard to fall asleep.... I need my NyQuil... 
Trying so hard to get some uni work done, not happening  Finding it hard to be creative !
Trying so hard to wake up.. Really struggling this morning 
trying so so hard to fast today...i feel like i'm gonna binge 
trying so0o0o hard but just dont have the luck maybe some other time i hope 
trying something with google gears. Have to dig through the test files to get some documentation about the latest features 
trying sushi for the very first time,.... but not being very open minded  sorry
Trying to access the Yoyogames-website. The website is slow and doesn't want to show her up. 
trying to add on photos on tagged. i wanted to cut my hair but i didn't.. 
Trying to and a picture and getting no where fast... 6st lighter and its saying i'm too big 
trying to appreciate all that I have and all that I dont...there is a reason for this! Financial life GREAT Personal life SUCKY 
Trying to attract an agent.  Thinking latest tactic, doing hair and makeup before sitting in front of computer, won't work 
Trying to avoid food...I miss it   Damn you Blueprint Cleanse and societal based nutrition norms.
Trying to avoid revision 
trying to be happy..after I put my dog down....    
trying to be optimistic about everything but ugh this is hard 
Trying to be subtle in my attempts to suggest my sister learns Esperanto - think it would do her a power of good, but she's not so sure 
this guy has lost it http://tinyurl.com/caalt4 I can only shake my head in wonder 
This guy has the same txt msg tone as me. His keeps going off. I think it's mine but it's not. So sad... 
this guy is stressing me out I don't know what he's talkingg about 
This guy on the elevator just said that a day without oatmeal is like a day without sunshine.  Dude....ur life must rock 
this guy only got me as a follower whoa  follow him already! @batista08
this guy tells me i have &quot;an ear&quot; so he makes me work with him on his music 4 the past 72 hours STRAIGHT  i need sleep
this guys is FUCKIN' dork 
This Gym Is Too Crowded 
this haircut makes me look like a boy...  
This hangover is terrible 
This has all been caused my wreckless spending and Overpayment for the work we are doing. Looks like we'll have to tough it out 
This has been a rough couple days, and Turing keeps getting worse.  We're getting up in AM to get a nutrient IV.  His skin looks loose. 
This has been a sad sad week for the anipals, we lost a lot of friends. Reminds our humans of George and they get upset all over again 
This has been a strange nite.  I fell asleep while waiting on Ciara to perform on Jimmy Kimmel (how was she?) ...now this scary thunder!
this has been such a crap day! 
This has been the Longest White Sox ever sigh sad 
this has been the worst night ever. my dog just died 
this has happened time and time again. i cant believe its happening again. pain. when can i ever find it something stable. why. why. 
This has just NOT been a good week for doing exterior work. Especially deck/exterior staining work.  
This has to be a Twitter problem. I can't see any of the userpics in my timeline  via twitterberry or ubertwitter 
This has to be the longest shuttle ride EVER. Not running late, but getting short on patience. And it's really stuffy in here. 
This has to be the most bored I've been EVER! 
This hasnt been a very sunny June! 
This hasn't worked right for me all day. And I probably won't be getting my new iPhone in 5 hours  I guess I'll just have to cut someone!!
this head cold is hurting ma 
this headache is killin me 
This headache is killing me. 
This headache is seriously going to be the death of me..  I hate being sick!
This headache is turning into a migrane 
This headache sucks! I didn't even drink that much..   Hoping things will be okay again someday..
This health stint I'm going through is torture! Dry Bran Flakes just isn't great 
this heat &amp; humidity makes me feel craptastic 
This heat is awful. Supposed to be in the upper 90s, low 100s all week. 
this heat is getting on to me 
this heat is goin to make me pass out!!! 
This heat is killing me. Im too white for this 
this history will nottttttt go in my head 
this hockey band look like mgmt+3, but fucking hell they're good. sabrepulse come back too 
This hockey game is not going the way it is supposed to go!     The Penguins need to get it together!!!!
this hoe is falling asleep... boo... 
This hoe on flashdance is CRAZY she threw a rock AND a shoe at the same guy! Then hannah died 
This hot pocket is less than impressive. 
this hotel has got to be the worse hansel &amp; gretel changing rooms theme. Painted Brown with 2 small lights!?? Used torches to unpack 
This house finding thing isnt going that well so far...  
this hurts 
This hurts me far more than it hurts my car  http://twitpic.com/6q2vc
this hurts so much 
This hurts so much... Can anyone make me ever happy again...? 
This inset day has felt like a Saturday.. But school tomorrow 
This insomnia is killing me  working 2-8 tonight then gonna try and force myself to take a nap or go to bed
This internet is horrible slow. No DRC for me tonight 
Which movie should i see this weekend? Saw Night at the Museum last weekend. Twas ok.  Saw Angels and demons 2 weekends ago. Twas ok. 
Which operating system should i get for my new pc? 
Which recipe should I post tomorrow? Asparagus Cappucino or Roti Dog? Undecided 
Which school schould I choose? 1 or 2? This decision is soooo hard for me  QAny ideas? Help! (?)
Which Shampoo is the best to control dropping of hair? My hair dropped like free, when i washed them. 
Which would be a lot easier to get if plane tickets to AZ didnt raise $80 in price 
Whiiiine, Twitter why have you not been updating my cell phone tweets? 
While busy working I suddenly realized that I miss my dad. 
While buying contact lenses I said, &quot;Shit, I can buy an NDS with what I'm paying.&quot; Attendant says, &quot;actually NDS is cheaper!&quot; NIce 
While cleaning my room i rediscovered my dead battery collection and also found out my dad recycled most of my collection  ((  (  FML
While driving by a golf course the golfers decided to use my car as target practice. Now I have a small dent in my work truck  #thatsucks
While going to through my purse to find nail clippers I found a hole in the lining.    Good news is I found almost $5 in change. 
While I hate Harry Potter with nearly every fiber of my being, I don't think the book is inherently evil.
While I sometimes like futuristic visions from authors, if there's not enough practical examples, the material comes off as fluffy 
While I was biking, a spider bit my neck  does that mean I will turn into a vampire or something?
This iPod makes me depressed. Where art thou?  I won't be able to sleep worrying about you.
this ipod shuffle is not very shuffley 
This is a brooklyn cat. He broke into the cupboard and stole  food 
This is a night where I wanna run da streets of Harlem but I can't 
this is a very weird day because my fingertips hurt like it's being bitten by a thousand ants 
This is a weird place! Right on the airplane path, I hope I'll be able to sleep!  http://yfrog.com/0uxs0j
This is a weird sickness I have. Ahhh 
this is absolutely soul destroying. 
This is ace. Ive got a whole train carriage all to myself. I can run around naked! ...but probably shouldn't 
This is all I can eat with a broken tooth.   http://yfrog.com/663lwj
This is amazing. But I can only get 41 words per minute  http://play.typeracer.com/
This is an ungodly hr 4 me  I don't noe how imma do it next week.. Uugghhh soooooo tired!
This is annoying, my drop down menu does not work in IE7  http://www.kumailht.com/test/maven/
This is Awesome  Stress test failure: Citigroup ($C) needs $10 billion more in capital  http://bit.ly/aeK5y
This is awful.. what the human race doesn't do   http://bit.ly/3XIAru
This is bad. Roger is two sets down. 
This is beyond terrible...my friends 18 yr old daughter jumped off the skyway bridge this morning. She was a beautiful girl...such a loss 
This is bob  ... bob likes you  ... bob likes sharp objects  ... you better run from bob 
This is BS!  Its 3am and I'm just tossing and turning in bed. I can't sleep for the life of me!  Guess I'll be a wreck tomorrow 
This is California it has to be sunny... But its not ::::: makes me kinda sad 
this is chitu, don't know how to use it 
this is cliodhna using dad's page, cant believe theres no sunshine sister  Im loving this twitter Ive added everyone on dads page lol xxxx
this is crap. I have a day and a half left of this QCS shit.  coughfellsomethingcomingoncough. Haha
This is crazy. I HAVE to go to Target and see if they have a coupon organizer. 
this is crazy...being cold during summer 
This is definitely gonna hurt 
This is depressing + embarrassing for every decent person - - &gt; #EU09 - - &gt; #BNP Nick Griffin won North West his fascist party 
this is driving me bonkers... connections to my machine in Manning went sour again  
this is driving me nuts 
This is Duchess's mommy talking to tell you that Duchess is at the vets for a week. 
while i write a diray, i see my left arm. unfortunately i've bitten by a mosquito omg.. my arm tickles 
While I'm indeed happy for everyone beginning summer, for me, sadly summer only = more business at work.  Still, I want to go swimming!
While I'm thrilled to be up early enough to get A TON done today, I didn't like waking up to the news that Ramon Castro had been traded.  
While listening to a remake of Brian Adams &quot;Heaven&quot; by someone (?). Crazy me thought some of the lyrics sounded like they had changed  
While moving Uday and Qusay to a friends house, Qusay got loose and ran away.  Shes wandering the streets of Beverly Hills now.
while my best friend is traveling through Canada, all the essay's, researches and assignments due in 2 weeks are driving me insane 
While My Heart Is Breaking...He Would Rather Be With Her Than Me  x
While others enjoy the sunshine, I'm stuck at home with an aching back and ManFlu.  Woe is me. 
While the iPhone does have some amazing things, it is lacking in basic things every other smartphone has, yet we eat it all up like candy 
While trying to change my oil I broke a socket and stripped half of the oil pan plug because it was on so tight. Oil still not changed. 
While typing my last tweet I got peanut butter all over my phone.......... And so it begins 
Whilst also watching WIMBLEDON  COME ON MURRAY......Gutted I'm gonna miss a week 
whilst tidying my room, i found 3 easter eggs which i havent even opened 
Trying to beak in a new pair of heels.....stupid wide feet 
Trying to bear another wet and dreary weekend in Philly. Saw Angels &amp; Demons and was disappointed 
trying to beat 16yr olds @ online F1 racing 
trying to bleach my hair. pretty sure i don't have enough powder left 
trying to bloody sleep with my super hang over but somehow i cant 
trying to book flight to #agile09.500+ pounds, with Delta  this is gonna be so expensive. worth it? my 1st time presenting at a conference
Trying to break the pile up on 14.227.... not having any luck   
trying to buy tickets for the Killers in Oslo.  having no luck though 
Trying to call my friend...but the BT woman says &quot;all lines are busy&quot;...oh I just hate this sentence of hers 
trying to call my mom....nobody home  I need to talk.........
trying to call Mzi but can't reach her 
trying to call tila nguyen, btu she wont answer her phone... 
trying to calll bradie..but hees number is busy  it cant be busy allll the time
trying to calm and forget what happened.... 
trying to cancel my charter trip 
trying to change my background  bastard
trying to change my bg pic but twiter is not letting me 
Trying to change the recipe for the coating of the green tomatoes since it came off too easy when I fried them the last time 
Trying to cheer myself up but i have no one to talk to 
Trying to choose between getting either an Ibanez or ESP guitar next the choices are killing me 
Trying to come out of the clutches of a week long flu 
trying to come up with a good story for my stupid english sac. 
Trying to come up with a middle name for our daughter.  Tyleretta has been ruled out. 
trying to come up with my business plan. its hard juggling school and work. 
Trying to compile Mencoder under #Windows with theora and vorbis support, but it's just not working! 
Trying to complete my assignments for Monday 
trying to consciously recycle recycle recycle - but old habits die hard 
Trying to convince self today is a good day to get things done... failing. I always hate when @bynkii is gone for a few days. 
trying to cool down my itchy skin that is reacting to retinolic acid cosmetic stuff. 
trying to d/load tweetdeck but the adobe AIR is taking forever!!! given up 
Trying to decide between studying for Management or going downtown in China...  Sorry Management 
Trying to decide if a ride is in the cards. Radar does not look good. Looks like an indoor workout today 
Trying to decide my theater fate! Too many shows that overlap and too many people to try to please. 
Trying to decide on a movie ugh.. or video games.. oh noes what to do?!  
Whippping up my favorite after-the-climb meal, sloppy joes #nomnom And I didn't even #climb today 
Whish I was sleeping....... 
whising my megan felt better i feel bad 
Whiskers (my hamster) died today 
whistle while I work.       Wait.  I can't whistle.     
whit a lot of negative energy in my mind fear for the worst 
White bread SUCKS! Were all out of potato 
white castle always looks good @ 1st but after it doesn't feel so good anymore 
White lime with Honey and Dannie! I put peanut butter on the request list!! I miss it 
White pants + brown coffee + blonde moment = FAIL 
White Sox Game Postponed.  Kick beat Cubbie Ass today. Let's Go Cardinals beat them Tigers!!!
WHITEBOARD? please 
Whiteface fail. No bikes allowed until 5PM... 
whitening my teeth with a thundering headache. I have an hour to do this....seriously 
Whites smell of Clorox... Monsoon rain pours outside now and my clothes don't dry 
whitout friends 
Who Am I Lying ! ? ! I Know , You Know , We All Know , My Ass Is Still Gonna Be Up . Hehe . My Ass Can't Sleep . I Need Help . For Real ! 
Who are these random people who follow you!? Twitter stalkers?! Yay for forgetting relish on my hotdog tonight 
Who brings a little boy into a scary movie when Up and Imagine That are playing? And Ice Age 3 comes out in less than a week! 
This is either severe pms, or im truly a bipolar biatch. Im in a pretty crappy mood and being treated like im stupid doesnt help 
This is embarrasing.  #rugby #lions
This is exactly the kind of situation Bethany would save me from. Omg I miss her so much. 
This is exactly why working 15 mins from main campus stinks. I'd love to pop to #fpgr09 as every year, but can't afford 30min round trip 
this is fair confusin 
this is getting boring fast 
This is getting on my nerves. I cant change my pic 
this is getting stupid, where's my post...need to go tesco, i've ran out of squash 
this is getting worse, 18 tabs open in firefox, since about two weeks can't finish reading stuff, lack of time is killing me 
this is going to be a horrible week.   bah.
This is going to be a LONG 6 hours 
This is going to be a long day 
This is going to be a long evening    She is so bummed out!!!  #mdafail
This is going to be a long looooooong looooooooooooooooong day. 
this is going to be a long month... 
This is going to be a really long day if pulling data is this slow 
This is going to be a super busy day. Too many deadlines 
this is going to be hard...last night at the house..booers! 
This is going to be one expensive August 
this is going to be the longest 2 months of my life so far 
this is going to be the longest day ever  and it's my least favorite day of the week. fml.
This is going to be the worst week of my life. And its starting off with a presentation at 3.30!! Vomit!! 
This is going to sound so geeky : dang my Stargate dialing simulator stopped working  I can't dial Atlantis, or anywhere for that matter!
This is going to take fucking forever. 
this is gonna b saddddd 
this is gonna be a bad week  i can feel it.....
this is gonna be a lonely summer 
trying to decide whether or not to carry on with laser treatment to get rid of my tattoo... it just hurts so much 
Trying to decide whether to accept flat or not. Horrible decision to make 
Trying to decipher G1 logs while reading the G1 whitepaper. It's not going well. 
Trying to design some stencils to put on my helmet.  Inspiration is lacking 
Trying to detox 2day! No more tea or coffee for the day. Not feeling great about no tea &amp; cake! I LOVE CAKE ahhh......cake + water = 
trying to digest some words in my mind. it's pretty hard. 
Trying to dispute a parking ticket (due to system just ignoring you) using the time of the sent SMS as the only evidence: not so great 
trying to do a story,,,but I can't,,  any ideas?
trying to do an essay for the past 6 hours-dont think its getting anywhere! 
trying to do anything but study (maths) but theres that voice in the back of my head saying i need to or ill regret it 
Trying to do delete multiple programmes from my V+ box is just a tad tedious 
trying to do econ hw and not succeeding 
Trying to do homework, sucks.. 
trying to do my 1st twitpic but my phone is not cooperating! 
Trying to do my essay... fun times! 
trying to do my great expectations coursework 
Trying to do my report for childrens rights.....its not goin well 
Trying to do my speech. 
Trying to do my work but the printer just does not want to cooperate with me.. 
trying to do revision, but nothing's going in, I hate sunday's 
Trying to do some editing while I wait for Nick's migraine to go away 
Trying to do some housework before I have to go to work @ church. Only 2 more days to work with Pastor Kevin, then Sunday is his last day 
Trying to do the cloth diaper hunt but not feeling very successful yet 
Trying to do this for hours..kinda sad  Demon Face Vegas Tutorial http://bit.ly/9kezn
trying to do upgrade work on a sql 2000 database that's already been upgraded to a sql 2005 server 
trying to do work in my lesson bt cannot be asked!!!  DOE was AWESOME bt very painfulll!!  still suffering from it. 
trying to download movies to my MP4 but it won't work! i'm so frustrated. i've been trying it for more than an hour 
trying to download open skies by david crowder band and can't find it on limewire. 
Trying to download the latest version of @tweetdeck to test syncing with iPhone, but website not working 
trying to drive home in torrential rain   it's like a hurricane...
who can give obadiah a ride to st. augustine?! 
who created a twitter for Marcus?! I accuse @mattarmstrong! Totally got my hopes up that he was on 
Who did Ireland start with in midfield and up front? Hoping I can get a stream to watch this  #bulire
Who do i believe? 
Who do I submit a request to in order to increase the hours in a day?  I just cant seem to keep up anymore... Guess I gotta cut sleep now 
who else would take vordhosbn as a fb username 
who ever thought laying in bed would be so darn boring i want to go out somewhere 
Who flies high, falls deep.          
who gives a damn 
who goes to disneyland in heels? - me  #fail
WHO HAS AIM? TELL ME WHO YOU ARE RIGHT NOW...ops sorry...i just want friends 
WHO HAS CAM? 
Who has nicked sun from above London? - raining again 
Who has no thumbs to base a joke on? Aww, this guy.  http://twitpic.com/68o4n
who has sing: let it rain?????  its weekend and i miss my sun 
this is gonna be one long hour at work! i still have an hour then i can go to the game... 
This is great curl-up-in-a-ball-and-read later. I wish I had a book. 
this is hard to use 
This is hard, he makes me sit through a movie i hate and then is angry that im grumpy! Really... What does he expect? 
This is Hardcore won't rip. I can't figure out whats going wrong 
this is harder than i thought it was 
This is horrible. I need another container for my makeup 
This is how awful I am, 10 people told me I was awesome. So I took that as the other 30 people hated me and wanted me to go die. 
This is how I feel towards some1 http://is.gd/14van Just exactly wht barney says at 1.45. 
This is how I usually look. Problem is, I've left the house already&amp;dont think I have anything with me  http://twitpic.com/6it7l
This is how tired I am. Its 3pm &amp; I've only just woken up. Shock, horror! My throat is sore &amp; my nose is blocked 
This is how we do it....La ra ra ra ra ra...This is how we do it. Its friday night, and Im in the house on twitter 
This is indeed very sad  Also my prayers for these people and their families.
This is it peoples.. in about a hour and a half we will be leaving eva at the airport... this is gonna be a hard day 
This is just a waste of  time! Just working all day!... 
This is just great  FlightNetWork.com bought two tickets for me(their mistake) and now they are asking me to pay the cancellation fee
This is just great! Failed to map the path '/' error in a page with just a login control after Windows 7 upgrade. #asp.net 
This is just great... 
this is just not right, 1 day i can feel like that and today like this 
this is killing me  #weekofwin
this is kinda sad i have no one in the house to watch over me. i am about to sleep alone again for the 1st time in 22days  Good Night ppl.
This is kinda scary but i'm trying not to worry cuz mama had said not to.  breathing isn't supposed to hurt!
This is like so not fair * wines like baby. 
This is Maddox Andrew !! He's too tired to play..   http://mypict.me/4dYz
this is MAYHEM. Facebook won't let me share my feelings,lmao  i need to upload my youtube vidzzz.
TRying to eat some pasta..but not doing very well 
Trying to eat watermelon sitting up awkardly in bed isn't a very good idea.. ended up tipping it all over my lovely HSM duvet cover lol 
trying to eat while you're upset is a bad life decision. i feel gross 
trying to edit a video but Movie maker is not being very cooperative...it keeps shutting down on me 
Trying to edit this blog template  Have no idea.
Trying to enjoy my show but I keep having random coughing fits...off to go make some hot tea for my poor throat 
Trying to enjoy the party but I wish I was in my bed. Tired, sore, and sleepy! 
trying to face fact that weekend is really over...  
Trying to fall asleep- hate cramps 
Trying to fight sleepiness and to keep studying for equity  wahhhhhhh
trying to fight this damn cold... 
trying to figure how to make a custom design! 
trying to figure out a way to backup my 60gig photo collection 
Trying to figure out classes for next fall.. wish i could take summer classes 
trying to figure out how this works and sad the Cats lost 
trying to figure out how to flamin use twitter 
Trying to figure out how to get my picture 2 show...  I am frustraded 
trying to figure out how to make this all work out 
trying to figure out how twitter works.  im better at myspace so far. lol
Trying to figure out if I am feeling sick, tired, or both... Oh and its light outside 
Trying to figure out Lost, I can't discuss it with anyone online because they r all 3 hours behind me and are currently watching it now!  
trying to figure out things to do when you can only lay down is a particular position is really tricky 
Trying to figure out this twitter thing.... 
Who heard about the 4 yr old who flushed her puppy down the toilet in order to give him a &quot;bath&quot;? That's sad 
who hoo cash infusion!!!! Yea living expense checks. Boo bills. No fun money 
Who im i trying to trick i got it bad 
who in the hell designed these new transformer toys!    my son needs a PhD. to put them together...
who invented coursework? =/ i wanna word with them  haha
Who invented Ealing and why do I have to spend an afternoon there? 
Who is going THIBILS gathering tomorrow? I am, glad I got paid yesterday. @miamii oh baby 
Who is going to the Online Fashion 100 party tonight in London? I am invited but nobody to go with 
Who is hacking my Wifi ? 
who is hamster?!!!!!!! noooooooooooooooooooo 
Who is in SHOCK this morning?! Danny is gone - Kris and Adam are in the finals! American Idol almost OVER!  
Who is stupid enough to walk into broken glass and then get a cut on their toe? Me 
who is the independent in London who got 15,000 votes. I'm impressed - should be an achievement. 80,000 BNP supporters in London 
Who is the nerd studying on the arc trainer? Oh that's me. 
Who is this @MaggieLongshore and what has she done with our friend @MaggiePlusPlus. 
who is winnin #facup ?! arghh must go upstairs and watch it, i gotta hop on 1 leg up the stairs  i hate bein injured! hope ankle heals!
who is?? me 
Who keeps on hacking in my computer? I'm getting very worried and impatient now!!!! 
Who killed the electric car? We did. 
Who knew a fasting cleanse actually involves actual fasting? 
who knew I would be stuck in Flovilla GA all  day I have missed everything today  oh well at least I had fun
This is me... 
This is my 4th Father's Day without my Dad. He died April 14th 2005 from lung cancer. Died 6 weeks after he was diagnosed. 
This is my anthem right now.... don't leave me high and dry.  ? http://blip.fm/~79fcr
This is my Birdhouse. There are many like it, but this one is mine.    Fuck. I forgot to export my birdhouse when migrating touch to 3GS 
This is my flatmate's birthday today and I bought her a DVD which she already has.... What a boob! 
This is my fourth train today. Oh, I just saw a map which included Fishguard. I want to go home 
This is my hatiestest episode of Brothers and Sisters. The one when juliet and elizabeth left the Walkers. Gawd so sad. huhuhu 
This is my kids MO: made me breakfast in bed Cass ate my pancake and Rachel ate my kisses  And if I dare try to eat they fought.
This is my last day of freedom... Starting tomorrow, I won't have a day off for 2  more weeks. I'm gunna cry... 
This is my last full day as a 26 year old 
this is my last post for a good three weeks. missing you twitter already 
This is my last tweet for the night. Apparently my parents finally put a cut-off time for me using the computer.  Haha. Bye for now... 
This is my mom's jam...I like it too.  This is a great song, unfortunatly the video doesn't do it justice  â™« http://blip.fm/~7dksa
This is my mood today    http://bit.ly/fJqjd
Who knew it was gunna be 453 smacks to get me to SF today?  so depressing #squarespace
Who knew it was possible to be allergic to band-aid adhesive...?  
Who knew it would be so hard to say goodbye. I miss him so much already. Funeral is at 3 today. 
who knew staying up soo late can have this drunk effect on you!! wow i feel ive been drunk for two days with a hangover.....wow 
Who knew that excessive amounts of cherries could give u the runs? I didnt 
who knew there were so many fissures, fossas, tuberosities and more on all your freaking bones!!! I'm learning them all in 4 days 
Who knew they did coke in this club.   
Who knows if that's why danny's been so quiet-i can only imagine what they are telling him 
who knows maybe her last name is different now. i cant find any of her family to get in touch though 
who let the dogs out?  whou whou whou-whou my lovly dogs are with my man gone  I miss my man
Who makes 4 differnt twitters for themself!?!?!? Uh idk what's going on now today 
Who needs a dumb 'ol water pump anyway!  Oh, we do... 
trying to figure out what exactly an invoice is and how to write one and whatï¿½s up with taxes and such. Iï¿½m never gonna freelance again 
Trying to figure out what I want for dinner. I haven't been to the store in over a week, so I don't have much here right now. 
trying to figure out what the hammering noise is and where its coming from...been 2 days already 
Trying to figure out what the heck is going on. i dont understand this site, why wont it let me upload a picture 
Trying to figure out what to do. Current situation sucks, might get better but probably won't 
Trying to figure out what to make for dinner. No $$$ til Thursday 
Trying to figure out what was really going on today.  Its just been one of those days 
Trying to figure out when I can fit Up and InFamous into my already busy weekend. 
Trying to figure out where I lost my diamond earrings 
Trying to figure out which of the 42 Risk territory cards are Cavalry, which are Infantry, and which are Artillery. Lost the card deck. 
trying to figure out why I woke up at 4 a.m. this morning and why I have not been able to fall back asleep! 
trying to figure out why life hate him so much...........but still dun have a clue 
Trying to figure out why Michelle's been weird today... 
trying to figure out why my babies is crying right  now.....its not easy when they cant talk  yet 
trying to figure out why some people always disappoint.  it makes me so sad 
Trying to figure out why tweets didn't go to the phone today.  So could've used the laughs while stuck in meetings.  
Trying to figure out why UberTwitter won't work on my BB... 
TRYING TO FIGURE THIS OUT WHY? 
trying to figure this out.. 
trying to figure this thing out 
trying to figure this whole twitter thing out! 
Trying to figure tweetdeck out.  Confused 
trying to figure what am i meant to do? spoil ppl? i seem adapt for that don't i? i spoon-feed and i pamper, its no wonder i am abused 
Trying to find a better cheap flight to Rapid City, but my FF (American, Northwest &amp; Southwest) don't fly there 
Who needs prom? Who needs friends... ? 
who owns ya???? fuckin hell i got up waaay too earlier for this 
Who reckons I can wake up @ 545am to to to the gym??? My bro gives me no chance, I think I may have to agree 
Who said 5 million people can't be wrong? ITV ... that's who! Primeval cancelled. 
Who schedules a rehearsal on the day of the Tony's?  Apparently my director does 
Who serves coffee @ 6am on a Sunday in Sleasley, SC...? 
Who shat in my closet? 
who sleeps wit they dog???? 
Who stol my nick TheHorn?  
Who stole my dr pepper chapstick!?! 
Who stole my lunch?! 
Who texts people at 9am!!! Can't get back to sleep 
Who the fuck does that, seriously? It's not like the French don't have a thing for losing teeth (they have a mouse, btw) - i don't get it 
who the fuck is hammering in the morning!? gaah. 
who the fuck you think you fuckin with? i'm the fuckin BOSS. im so hungry 
Who the hell is this &quot;DRAKE&quot; dude? U would think he was the 2nd coming or somthing! 
Who thought that 9am is too late to wake up...not enough hours in the day - off to job number 2.  YAY MEIJER..... 
Who told khia shine he is this damn fly....clothes &quot;is&quot; all he talk about 
Who uses their weed whakcer at 7:30am? I know who does - my &quot;lovely&quot; neighbor does 
Who wakes up at 640 to run on a saturday?.....i do 
trying to find a bike shop that is open 
trying to find a decent twitter photo. in this one i look like i have a moustache 
Trying to find a foreign place in a foreign town  i have being lost
Trying to find a good movie to lie down and watch before bed...but nothing looks good 
trying to find a good oral surgeon in network for my wisdom teeth is like, well, pulling teeth... 
trying to find a home for the new babies since they are terrorizing the original babies 
Trying to find a job in Sydney Australia - - very difficult!!  
trying to find a job... beginning to think it's hopeless 
Trying to find a mobile home lender. Not having much luck so far! 
Trying to find a movie to watch..its really hard tp pick 
trying to find a new layout for my myspace but i cant find any good ones  
Trying to find a new place to live...urg!  Also missing my man lots 
Trying to find a oral surgeon who accepts my dental insurance! I have to get my wisdom teeth pulled out 
trying to find a picture of my snake to draw. i miss him 
Trying to find a replacement monitor for the one I poured water over. Not having much luck 
Trying to find a restroom.. Fail  i really really need to peeeee
trying to find a trustworthy custom 3.0 ipsw. wish i had a mac 
trying to find a virtual cd drive that will work on vista. plans to write music being hampered by inability to run software 
Trying to find a way to reconfigure the map of the world so that everyone is located next to NY  
Trying to find any reason whatsoever to stay longer  I refuuuuse to go home! But my liver needs some rest.
Trying to find Brad phone min cause when he moves or whatever he won't have internet or phone except track phone.  needs min.
Trying to find clothes that fit........lost so much weight due to work that everything makes me look pregnant 
Trying to find Conan on my rabbit ears. I caught up to the Universal Tour. HULU may rebroad 
Trying to find energy to get out of bed so I can buy milk for tea and have a fried breakfast. Think pirating is unlikely for me today 
trying to find evidence to be posi - failing 
Trying to find first fanfic I ever read; going to be difficult because it was a photocopied classic Trek story. Can't recall title. 
trying to find interesting ppl to follow! Will have lunch in 10 min!  I wonder if we're getting same old goo as usual. 
Trying To Find MitchellDavis 
trying to find my friends on here but i can't and it's frustrating 
Trying to find my gauges.... no luck 
Trying to find new locks for the backup tape carriers 
This is my vacation, im supposed to be partying. Now throwing up  I need a hug.
This is my view on my walks. Smells like ass  actually, pumpkin ass http://yfrog.com/5de71yj
this is my worst day ever! 
This is not a fun feeling. 
THIS IS NOT A GOOD DAY TO HAVE A BAD HAIR DAY 
This is NOT a good morning...sum1 may need 2 come take care of me...feelin so miserable right now.. 
This is not a good night. Everyone's computer is fucking up. My webmasters computer is broken ... 
This is not a great start to the game  #gojaysgo
This is not a rave peope!!!!! I miss Europe. 
This is not BBQ weather  but my car's clean so every cloud..
This is not COOL man! I have to be up in a few hrs for work, but my nose won't let me SLEEP!   HELP!
This is not easier and i look like a loner!!!! I have no friends 'sob' 
this is not fair. All the schools round herd are off today.. Except ours  goodbye year 11s
this is not going as fast as the other 3 I already finished 
This is not good... 
This is not my most favorite day I've ever had 
this is not nicki minaj  im sorry for the lies and decieves i just really love her and she didnt have a twitter...bye guyys
This is not summer time chi ! 
This is not the door I wanted to open 
this is not the real ed davis 
this is not the restfulll saturday I was hoping for. Got only 30 minutes to read. 
this is not what i had in mind. 
This is not! looking good  http://bit.ly/11gUqQ very strange 
This is odd. I'm the only 1 awake right now, that's rare. I'm a little scared  shhh what was that? Did u hear that? Ohh no! Shhh shh
This is one of the hardest times I've had with my Husband leaving...    I really don't want him gone again....
This is one of the saddest days in my entire life (well no, but it's still sad). I can't find my iTouch  Missing since 7 hours ago.......
This is one of the times when I need to talk to Maria! Butttt.. she won't answer her cell phone 
this is one of the worst days in recent memory 
This is one of those days where the time flies!  And nothing significant has been accomplished 
This is one of those times that I am trying to abide by someone elses schedule not mine.  I can't do it.  I tried.  I can't put this off. 
Who wants 2 hang out tomorrow or the weekend? I will be alone and bored 
who wants a kitten? I've got a little black one at home and it kills me to give it back to the vet so he would be caged 
Who Wants FREE! Internet Marketing Trainings? Going once...Going Twice.... http://www.BecomeAnOnlineGuru.com  Ok Maybe Noone 
Who wants me in America? I just need to get the hell out of Russia. I can't even breathe here anymore. I can't. Damn. 
who wants to be FRIENDS ??? i need a friend right now 
who wants to chill at bamboozle for a few short hot hours? haha... i'm lame... i'm just kidding.. really? as if.. i wish though.. 
Who wants to come over and cook me a full English? Only part I have is the beans... 
who wants to do my spanish exam 2moro? 
who wants to go see shellac tonite or tmrw night? or the queers tonite? i wish i still had friends who went to shows still 
who wants to have a sleepover w. me? i'm in unit2wada, all alone ! 
who wants to loan me $2000 until tax time to help me get a car. i wrecked mine and my options are SO limited.  bueller? imagine the karma!
Who wants to lunch with me? Always so bored during lunch time 
Who wants to teach me how to play the guitar...I fail miserably...  Here's what I wanna play! http://bit.ly/ig9Uh
Who was 1st co to think globally, act locally? My video from 2000. http://bit.ly/yjTID  2006 buyers killed co  
this is real, this is me. - amberlovely: Nâ€™awww Iâ€™m like so much taller than you  When me and Claire come... http://tumblr.com/xko1z4vg7
This is really sad news  Poor families spend 9x more on cigarettes than school. http://tinyurl.com/p5kdun (via @javajive,@thejakartaglobe)
This is running so late. We are suppose to leave right now but EWU hasn't even played and they take for ever 
this is sad  how come my pagination doesn't show up? O_O i tried using other themes, don't work either!
This is sad. Please help if you can   http://bit.ly/eJKCS
This is sad...a new theme but it uses white font so right now, ss, I can't see what I'm typing 
this is sad:  http://tinyurl.com/m476pq  Child Kicking Suspect  
This is sad: Spain's blogging granny has passed   Quï¿½ descansa en paz...  http://amis95.blogspot.com/
this is silently killing me... 
This is silly.  Why the hell am I still up thinking about this?  It was TEN YEARS AGO, BRAIN!  
This is slow 
this is so annoying. 
this is so cute ::sigh:: wish i had the body to wear it  http://bit.ly/oL0M4
This is so gay.  I want porridge.  and I want to go to Australia.
this is so incredibly boring  kill me now!
This is so lame: my mom had to take my little bro out, my dad just sat there &amp; I wish i woulda brought someone w/ me.. 
This is so much harder than I thought it would be. 
this is so overwhelming. 
This is so overwhelming.. Feel sad, wanna cry! Just dont understand YOU! .. Yes, YOU! .. whatever , you are never gonna read this 
This is so sad.  http://bit.ly/3AzBv
This is so sad. It's so not like Pinks. It's horrid! I'm depressed.   http://twitpic.com/88ijh
This is so sad. We need to stick up for our trans friends so crap like this stops happening. Another young girl - dead  http://tr.im/p7iF
This is so TERRIBLE. 9yr old girl washing dogs in yard w/ father shot and killed.  http://bit.ly/rc9kO
This is so unfair, I want to be skinny again. 
This is some bitchassness!! My laptop crashed and now I have no music and I lost all my wk. Damn, I'm pissed 
trying to find out your drivers license number without a drivers license is NOT EASY. i have toooo many places to drive illegally. 
Trying to find people I know on Twitter, but having no luck. 
trying to find some friends and not having any luck  
Trying to find some program or site that would run Facebook chat over proxy... They have ban FB here at work... 
trying to find some shorts! but being unsucsessful. 
trying to find someone else that i know who is on twitter 
Trying to find someone to go to the mall with. 
Trying to find someone who has same name as celeb... only get links to said celeb. 
Trying to find something interesting to watch on TV ...... there is nothiiiiiiing 
trying to find something mildy amusing on tv to take my mind off the fact that I didn't go out 
trying to find something to cure me of my boredom 
Trying to find that song i heard on the radio last night.. &quot;Love..&quot; SOMETHING! Ugh by Gavin SOMETTHING.. short term memory lost sucks 
Trying to find the 5 guys and fries place colorado and i have no idea where its at 
trying to find the driver for my interface so it works on my laptop but my brother isn't online to ask him which version of osx I have 
trying to find the energy (after having a head cold) to do my essay for uni  think i may buy some lucozade =]
Trying to find the motivation to write some essays and finding it sad that my life revolves around essay writing 
Trying to find the receipt for the cellphone that's still not working 
trying to find the RM location for Tuesday nite....have not been yet and really wana go 
Trying to find ways to offer support to the Iranian people....then off to work 
trying to finish a million errands. Can't believe LA won  Kobe's head is gonna be bigger than it already is, urg!
trying to finish business coursework and it aint happenin... too many distractions 
trying to finish moving stuff for tonight don't feel good!!!!! 
trying to finish my english summaryyy 
this is soo lame 
this is soo saddd 
this is sooooooooooo over, bummer.    #Brewers
THIS IS STEWPID 
this is stupid! whenever i try to put a picture on here it says no! theres an error or its to big or my computers gay! 
This is such a bummer  My own cover is giving me a headache listening to it  It's my raspy voice  MAN THIS FREAKIN' SUCKS!
This is such a fuckin JOKE this trip is NOT going as planned @ ALL, how sad 
this is swell, there is nothing to do. I'm legs hurt from soccer 
This is terrible - I have lost my season ticket - have to go for an interview before they will replace 
This is terrible!  haha
This is terrible! I showered and washed twice and my body is beet red and still tingling.  Bad Tingle! No Tingle! http://twitpic.com/7rdyo
This is the #threadless shirt I would wear tonight if I had it: http://shortna.me/fb6a3 It's barely the start of school and now homework. 
this is the 2nd time my batteries died on me. damn im stuck at work  FML.
This is the best lunch ever! Yum yum yum...now back to work 
this is the coldest rainest June EVER!!! It's suppose to be O.D. hot outside right now 
This is the coolest summer in Arizona since 1913!  But that is changing soon 
This is the day I've been waiting for. Go big or go home. 
This is the end. Of being young and reckless, of every friend that never let me down... Its starting to hit me, soooo bittersweet! 
This is the final month of Jay Leno as host of The Tonight Show. It will be strange without him 
This is the first Mother's Day EVER I have NOT spent with my mom. 
This is the first time since we've been married that I won't be sleeping next to my husband. 
This Is the first year in nine years that I'm not Playing Summer softball. I'm a little sad 
this is the happiest i've been in a longgggggg time. but, i still find myself crying because the things that make me happy.. arent here. 
This is the kind of day I wish I was sitting in the beer garden at Daft Eddy's, or lying on the grass at Nendrum - but wifey is at work 
who was on my site??i'm so angry right now...that's not really nice 
who was the support act?! x (via @Davidnotmark) no support act 
who watches the watchdog? currently working with an ombudsman that is pissing money down the drain hand over fist, im horrified 
who went home on Big Brother?: CAIRON! (which means i lost a bet with my boyfriend  i now owe him a pint of ic.. http://tinyurl.com/nyu8sw
who went to the link benefit concert that @blinktwice4y performed at?? i wish i went  my best friends there without me.
Who won big Wednesday - wanna share? It wasn't us 
Who won it I dnt understan it tbh 
Who would have thought a remote control esky would be so difficult to purchase? The world seems to have a current shortage in stock 
who woulda thot... me and jennie get back together? no way. haha. i guess im stuck? fuck me. 
who wouldn't've? I guess everything just has to be one way. And I was stupid to think you were different and my life could be good 
who wouldve thought.. she picked drugs over me..  lonely, once again.
Who....who drank my coffee? 
WHO: Cases from Chinese Taipei are included in the cumulative totals provided in the table above. Poor TAIWAN  http://0rz.tw/7ESci #H1N1
WHo`s online? Pcker. 
whoa - email is killing me.  Had the inbox down to 4 unanswered items last night.  woke up to 20 more 
whoa almost just blacked out walking up my stairs   laying in bed drinking oj and eating goldfish...low blood sugar = lame and annoying.
whoa im sad right now 
Whoa it's 1.27 noon but I still can't sleep! And I'm starving 
Whoa that tornado was intense =/ Now i have nothing to do....Gah i miss Czech! and she only been in Florida for like a day... 
Whoa the Naruto pilot chapter is ADORABLE and... hilarious... I-I wish there was more of it 
This is the last day of the spring turkey season in Southern Ontario.; no bird in the oven for me this year 
This is the last season of Prison Break  I hate it when shows/great book comes to an end 
This is the last time i tweet with this phone. 
This is the last weekend for skiing in Colorado for the 2008-09 season. http://tinyurl.com/o64d3a 
this is the last weekend... so sad.. 
This is the longest 9 hours of my lifee ! 
this is THE most boring day ever....and im still trying to figure out where all my good morning texts are.. 
This is the most boring day everrrrrrr 
This is the most I could find on the availability of a #pre emulator: http://sn.im/k6n1v    #webos
THIS IS THE PARENTS OF ZACK, ZACK WAS JUST KILLED IN A CAR ACCIDENT GOING TO TOWN.  WE ARE CLOSING HIS TWITTER, WE ARE VERY DISTRAUGHT. 
this is the scariest storm ever! i have never heard thunder like this.  #squarespace
this is the second full day I will be away from Ali. (yes, ever) I'm gonna miss her 
this is the second time on my week off i've been waken up at 8am 
This is the second time rodents have chewed apart wires in my engine.  Wtf?  Chambana chipmunks are costing me $$$ 
this is the seventh fathers in a row that i have not seen my dad 
this is the sound of me breaking 
This is the Sound of my Soul. Sorry, just having a 'George Michael' moment   and a 'Small Town Boy' mo' - ace these 12&quot; singles on 1 CD!
This is the third day that I'm  home I'm really sick  I have to sing in the recording studio on monday so I have to get better 
This is the third time in 3 years of driving that I've locked my keys in my car. Ugh 
This is the time when CMS is completely not suitable 
This is the week I put my PowerBook G4 to rest.  Bittersweet, but new Macbook is only way I'll get anything done besides browse the Web.
This is the worst day at the beach i have ever had. Cant go swimming now b/c i just saw a shark. Fml! Its so hot and this park is gross! 
Whoa! #Firefox Trunk Nightly just shot up to 305MB from 260MB when I RELOADED the page with rather fewer JPEGs. ALL subset of first lot 
whoa! i didn't know this was coming out! argh! i don't want to sped money  http://snipr.com/k8pw3
Whoa! I'm so tired today... 
WHOA! the french open is on NBC right now!  2 bad my boy &quot;RAFA&quot; isn't playing, homeboy lost early on. :'-(
Whoa! There goes the first BIG thunder. 
WHOA!!! 190 calories in 2 tbsp's of skippy's super chunk PB. Ahhh how come nobody warned me...I just ate about 600 calories worth 
Whoa, 4 hour nap FTW!  I haven't eaten anything all day, I feel a little dizzy 
WHOA, am I hungover or what?! I think I started a little too early yesterday. I have a headache. 
Whoa, bit of excitement! 1 car left, chased it down, but not subbie 
Whoa, I didn't realize that it was already Monday, and it's JUNE! Why did Summer had to end so fast! 
Whoa, I just sat around on a Saturday night looking at old pics of the horse and I. I am sad now! Where is Echo when I need her? 
Whoa, you kids are all up early, @mikeyil, @lunatechie, and so on... I'm awake! But sad/angry/dissapointed in FedEx. 
whoa. 24 followers? I get more everyday. lol. When twitter was down, I was so lost  Glad its working again!
Whoa. Busy monday!!!!  limited tweets!!
whoa. I feel so sick, 
This is the worst day ever &gt;:| phones screwed up, fell twice  computer isnt connecting, and dad hates me, freakin cool.
this is the worst day ever, i've been told im a chav 
this is the worst i've felt in a long long time.  
This is the worst night ever. My cat got out, I've been looking for over an hour and no sign. I feel completely helpless   
This is the worst pain ever. And I'm broke so I cant even get my prescriptions. Boo 
This is the WORST WEEK EVER!!!! My tooth broke last night and i have to go see an EVIL dentist on monday to fix it and drain me of ï¿½100 
This is the worst weekend to have a giant ass Bandaid on ur nose!!!! DAMMIT!! 
This is too bad.  Taylor U-FW holds graduation tomorrow, then the campus closes for good to undergrad studies.  http://tinyurl.com/qaqs2s
this is too much 
This is true.  oh well. And my mom is leaving anyways.
This is turning into a not so good night..im hanging by a thread.. Im gonna miss him..WTF is going on in my dang head... 
This is utterly fucking ridiculous  I have made 5 dollars today 
This is very bad. I'm not sure I can glue this baby back a 7th time.  http://mypict.me/5dYs
this is way overdue  but eventually time will call for it // all I wanted was to talk and know what's the problem //
this is way too early 
This is way way way to early for me damn  wish i could still stay in bed  ! Up to video recording some shizzle for sensation tireddddd
This is wayyy too early to go to class in the summer 
This is what happens when I've got my headphones at the beach--they get messed up 
This is what happens when u leave Pokey sticks in ur car in hot ass El Cajon  da well  http://twitpic.com/6fg3f
this is what i get dor dating a felon hmph.  i wanna cuddle and be bitten.
This is what I'm doing here (Ptown Bikes) returning Hannah and Joshua...  - http://bkite.com/08HQe
This is what sucks about running a beta of Firefox, I can't run YSlow. 
this is why , this is why i suck.. 
this is why I get dark circles and baggy eyes 
WHOA. where has the sun gone??? its BLACK out there 
Whoa.. amazed with the way ppl blog for MAKING MONEY and breaking the rules  #suckers
whoa...the library is soooo small ;) I think I should not compare it to Germany. Only found management related books  #manila #diplarbeit
whoaaa i havent been on tis for soo long...i dunno wat else to say except I CANT SLEEP  tough times ...
whoaaaaaaa i need to find some clothes 
Whoaaaaaaaa not well 
whoaaaaaaaaaaa Finale of THE HILLS IS next  good bye &quot;LC&quot; ahhhhhh
Whoaaaaah, very glad I didn't buy that plane ticket to the US after all. I must be psychic. 
Whoah.  Since when did ebaumsworld take over Putfile?  I, like, had files uploaded that i'd like to have back.  
Whoever is reading sth about Barcelona will enjoy this virtual flight: http://bit.ly/ennWd  BUT it's only for PC 
whoever is running time warner needs to be repeatedly raped by a rhino so they understand the consequences of putting out shitty cable svcs
whoever made the morning so early should be shot 
Whoever said &quot;Good Things Dont Last Forever&quot; was ...... right!!! 
whoever wins that bowling tournament thing with the bands better take videos! so not fair that it is in airizona! 
Whoh what a day... Now for the shut part... Hydraulics assignment time 
Whole body really aching this morning! Especially the legs! 
This is why i never keep a relationship for long  i always Fuck up somehow.
This is why I sleep all day, because once I wake up, I eat. Binge.  I don't feel good..
This is why it stinks to wear a visor when you have a receeding hairline. I hate sunburns  http://twitgoo.com/u5uo
this is why sometimes i think it sucks to be a morning person. theres simply no one to talk to 
This is why they call me Bubbles.  Played Caesars Mega stack all day today, 206 players, paid 18, busted 21st.  
This is wrong..    Parents should not be allowed on Facebook...
This isn't BBQ weather 
this isnt fair 
this job is giving me lots of papercuts 
this job is so boring! im dying here 
This John and Kate divorce saddens me. Im a huge FAN   This season is gonna be crazy..
This just in....breaking news...I am out of ice! Crud. 
This just in: Denny's on E. Colonial drive closed it's doors at 2pm today....    We'll miss them!
this just in: i lost 
this just in: the first case of swine flu reported in Bulgaria today 
This just saddens me  http://bit.ly/vRkIw
this kath and kim thing is set it christmas time and its making me sad  i miss christmas.
This Kinerase extreme lift is breaking me out 
this laptop is going to die, its not working! 
This lecture is SOOO boring 
This line reminds me of space mountain 
This lipstick tastes like my mom 
This little boy is spitting apple that he's chewed up on the floor   I don't get paid enough.
this little brookelynn needs a nap but its so hot and humid shes really uncomfortable 
this little cut on the tip of my finger really bloody hurts and keeps getting caught on everything 
This low calorie diet is utterly killing me in terms of energy - I'm struggling to stay awake every day now 
This made me cry   http://bit.ly/5NMvY
This made me cry http://bit.ly/5NMvY
This made me cry...  Poor little girl. http://bit.ly/HXShN
This makes me feel hopeless in finding a guy. 
Whole full ass day of Bio lab 
Whole market is closed down cause of sandstorm.. No dinner today.. 
whole world abandoned me in msn 
Whole yellow tail fish, creamy mac and cheese. PassionFish. Coffee gelato-had to say no but damn that was a good taste 
whom i can bealive ? 
Whomp Whomp Whomp! No party tonight 
whoo hoo!  gordon crashed into a wall, but he's not dead 
Whoo Hoo!! Jericho wins the IC title!! Sorry Rey Rey 
whoo hoo...i get to cut my grass.  wait thats not fun 
Whoohoo - TV has arrived. I'm not allowed to set it up on my own   but I do get to assemble the stand!
WHOOO THAT WAS CLOSE....I ACTUALLY WENT ON MY MYSPACE!!!! (cries) DAMN TWITTER AND ITS STUPID PAUSE 
This makes me miss The Honda Civic Tour   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbL_rdckpMw
This makes me really sad  http://www.persecution.com
this makes me so angry =&gt; http://bit.ly/SgVXf   dumbarse truckie, poor animals 
This makes me so sad  http://bit.ly/jXEtk
This makes me so sad, for so many reasons: http://bit.ly/VaxCL  
This man in front of me has an Iphone... I feel attacking him and taking it. And someone smells good... Like zack good  is that weird?
this man is violent  lol hes talking about how he would shoot soomeone!
this may be my last tweet for a while now  my leads completly bust and my laptop is running low on charge. ill miss you guys *sob*
This may be one of the worst days if my life 
This may seem insignificant to some but I wish once and a while I could go grocery shopping with my boy! 
this means i probably won't get my new passport in time for going on holiday to zante 
This means that I will have to rewatch Just My Luck tonight. We're currently borrowing it from someone, so it'll happen. 
this might be my last day at this job guys monday I start a new job but still wanna keep this one and work overnite might not happend 
this migraine is killing me 
This migraine wish it would go away 4 good 
This misquito bite on my finger got my finger on swole!  it hurtsss! Lol
This missing Air France plane is so awful   http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/01/air.france.brazil/index.html
this Monday is gonna suck. can't sleep again 
This monday morning sucks. I want to go back to bed with my lover and my puppy 
this month is finally catching up to me. I am sneezing, coughing, and aching in my head while still trying to write this inkblot report 
This month was a bad month to try and get an advert together for Kobold Quarterly 
This more than makes up for the vacation I won't be able to take with my fam, because now I have to pay for my own 
This mornin won't be the same without fern 
This morning a doc in Kansas was murdered by anti-abortion extremists. What a tragicly sad day for our country 
This morning I have 2 read 3 chapters. 3 looongg Chapters 
This morning i have gone with the attractive swollen eye look, damn the dog jumping up on my head to wake me up. Paw in the eye isnt nice 
WHOOOHOOO four thirty! Maybe this is my body's way of telling me that summer is practically here. Only three days of school left for me 
whoooo hoooo i have 40 followers -.-&quot; -.-&quot;&quot; im so laaaaaaaaaame 
Whoooo, been a slow day man.  Pretty f'n slow.  Here's to the excitement of tomorrow!  (But it'll probably be as boring as today.   )
whooooaaa another one of those doomsday dreams!! 
whooooo hooooo new moon loooks fantastic! and good job crazy obsessed fans!!! mtv movie awards rocked! sorry emenim  that totally sucked!
Whoop! There are secret Twitterers out there that I know! V excited! Less so about the sink we're trying to build 
WHOOP. Got up at 5 to 6 this fine morn, cuz i was sick  bBut then I went to school, and Sophie k backstabbed me, again. My suposed -
Whoops - slept in today. I guess no run before work 
whoops ...no &quot;d&quot; in polka!!! 
whoops! kinda sleepy at the moment &amp; obviously pressed the wrong button. 
Whoops! sorry for posting all those pics w/o captions, my bad 
Whoops, have burnt the top of my forehead after all that time on the beach  Gonna purchase a fancy new black belt today :-D
Whoops. Just used up my first ink cartridge for my #livescribe pen. Was hoping they last longer than 10 pages. 
whoops.. i broke it.    hes gonna be mad. good thing i got super glue!  lol  good as new. 
This morning I woke up from a dream where my little brother and I were cornered by an assassin. I couldn't find anything to kill him with 
This morning I'm extra tired, it came to fast (that'swhatshesaid). Not looking forward to a 10 mile run today 
this morning is perfect for sleeping in.  too bad i can't 
This morning my daughter asked me if I hate my life.  
this morning seems not good for me..  my neobux  seems have a problem. huhuhu...
This morning the sun was shining.. now itÂ´s windy... That sux !! 
this morning was very stressful,    ....but now i'm trying to chill out â˜º
This morning, it looked like today was going to be a pretty productive day.  Then Steven turned on the PS3. 
This mornings cereal experience was unsatisfying. Probably because I'm craving a chicken biscuit. 
This movie (losing isaiah) always makes me cry 
This movie blows - marge fell sound asleep 
This movie is freaky and I'm watchin it alone 
This movie is just... Horrible  
this movie is so sad  it's so good, but so sad. i don't understand why it matters if your gay or not... black or white, who cares....
This movie isn't fun with no one to cuddle with. 
This movie makes me think of grandma.  Wish she was here.
This movie offer more #Dracula damnit. 
This MS flareup is really bad.   Looks like no more alternative (GF) flours or rice at all whatsoever for me.
This music sounds funny    I should be at Chung King with my people right now dammit!
This muslei has been sitting in the cupboard for a while. It are stale. 
This NASCAR race is not as exciting as I hoped. 
this n-dubz show thing is so cute, i wanna cry 
This new obsession with agent provocateur lingerie is both expensive and distracting me from my homework . I want the perfume to 
this nice weather is making me really want to get my tattoo sleeve but gotta pay for the lsat 
This night i think made up for my day...i had fun with what i think is a very good friend... i have to wait until 2010 for LOST 
whopee TGIF   that was more fun when i had a job
Who's a good debater ? Coz i need help 
Who's awake? 
Who's been lucky enough to pick up the spanking new iPhone 3gS today? What's it like? Wish I was due an upgrade! 
whos gonna watch Grey's Anatomy with me tonight?  got my Kleenex ready cuz i know theyre gonna break my heart 
Who's got coffee? I'm out. 
who's got the case of the Mondays? I got the case of the Mondays 
whos into that bondage shit  yikesssss
who's next? im gonna miss my dear fren.. 
Whos priorities are so screwed up that while our troops are dying in a stress clinic that isn't working, the media never said a word WTF? 
who's up wit me...can't sleep 
whose hair is in my damn car!!!!   SAVAGE
WHOSE UP??? I WANNA TLK     I CANNOT FALL ASLEEP
whuah, i am exhausted 
whutchu get when you mix gelato and omg that reminds me how bad my SAD is wif ma dog! 
why - daboxx:  whats up? i dont know :| everything just seems to hit me all at once :| badtimezzÂ  awww /:... http://tumblr.com/xdr23qbus
why  i see this????? i'm  scared  
Why - when I pose an uncomfortable question to businesses on Twitter do they just decide not to respond rather than engage? Very rude! 
Why ~Secondhand Serenade This song reminds me of Sam/Leah/Emily  ? http://blip.fm/~5z508
why 3d realms close????!!!  
Why all the negativity from Adam's fans over Drake? Sadness 
Why always i listen to &quot;Love remains the same- Gavin Rossdale&quot; i wanna cry 
why am I allergic to my guinea pigs?? 
Why am i allways bored these dayy ? *Sigh* 
why am i always hungry?  and i'm supposed to be watching my weight/what i eat already...
why am i always ill  it drives me mad
Why am I always making things difficult for other people? 
Why am I always sick? Achy, headache &amp; sore throat on my lazy Sunday.. 
Why am I always so damn tired and why is no one calling me back??? I hate waiting...no love for JoanMarie to day... 
Why am I always stuck in the office when there is glorious sunshine outside 
Why am I always the busiest when our file clerk isnt here 
Why am I always the one being blamed? 
Why am I always tired so early? I can't even get up out of my recliner to put away my knitting needles, I'm gonna sleep here. 
Why am I always to blame? Can never please anyone...always doing something wrong apparently 
Why am I awake 
Why am I awake  okay getting ready for the gym with my trainer. Le sigh. Then off to work (hopes the day goes fast)
why am i awake already  my left eye hurts. for real.
Why am I awake already... 
Why am i awake at 5am? &amp; Im thinking ive got a cold  
Why am i awake at 7am on a sunday morning when i don't have work? because i fell asleep at 8 last night and my new vid game is over joys 
why am i awake i went to bed at 4am =/ and my voice sounds like a hottt ass messssss!! im still sick 
Why am I awake so early 
why am I awake so early? Ughhhhhh. 
Why am I awake so early?! I wanna go back to sleep but I can't 
Why am I awake this early? Oh yeah, the paper I didn't write yesterday 
why am i awake?! 
Why am I back in Wrentham? I wanna live in the city forever 
Why am I considering taking up TV acting? There are 100Ks of them in this city already, and some went to school for it. I'm a schlub 
This night is terrible;( I could not sleep because tooth of ached  But Im hope that this day is cool 
this night just went from bad...to wayyy worse  cried at another party...that's like the 4th in a row
This night was fucking great...till now.  idk what to do anymore.
this no jonas thing isn't working very well with all these ppl saying they will have live coverage... 
This novicane is making me feel loopy. Mg I hate the dentist.   Can't stop shaking. Help me 
this office is freezing..and i have no sweatshirt nothin... 
this office is to hot to work in... there is no air even with a fan on 
this old man just got scolded by his colleague. i feel so sorry for the old man  - http://tweet.sg
This one guy on points2shop has 47514 referrals and made $34440.57 from them, I have 13 and made $3.79  http://bit.ly/2wAAqR.
This owl on tv is so cute and its stuck in a fishing line  this show is so sad and scary.
This pain in my neck started about two weeks ago and hasn't gotten any better.  Not even a 600mg ibp helps 
This pain is ridiculous 
this paper is scandal...i'd rather be playing mancala with @kingchidiishere...smh 
this past week was possibly one of the best ever..i'm really gunna miss these seniors 
this Perdomo 2 still has a bite to it 
Why am I continuously prevented from going to the pool? I'm getting the feeling that a tan is not in my near future 
Why am i directionally challenged  i'm officially retarded
Why am I even trying? There's really no point. I wish there was someone who believed in me like I believe in myself  but I guess not... 
Why am I feeling so down? Totally! One of the worst day ever... 
why am i getting No results for #InappropriateMovies? 
Why am I hated by many people? Is it because I speak my mind and don't care what yuh think? I'd really lyk to know. 
why am i having problems from this area of life 
Why am I having such a hard time falling asleep 
Why am I home excpecting a big hug from my mom and she's gone for the weekend  .....
Why am I home right now... 
Why am I home so early 
why am i in class right now  i want summer... now!
why am i in such a bad mood today......... 
Why am I in the Lord of the Rings Wiki? WHY? and, why is there no wikia for football?! techy football fans, work on this pls! 
why am I locked in @ work when the weather is so glorious 
why am i moved to tears by cinematic, meredith grey moments yet stand selfishly stone-hearted in front of a grieving mother across town? 
Why am i never tired 
why am i not at wembly right now :/ could be seeing jonas brothers, demi lovato and mcfly. soooo unfair 
why am i not confident about this testimony?! 
Why am I not craving for anything? I'm not hungry yet I want to eat.  I still don't want to go to school. Enrollment tomorrow @ 8am.
why am i NOT napping with @dwighthoward right now!  FTS
Why am i not over you? 
Why am I not poolside? 
why am i not posting a lot this week?  SUCK SENIOR LIFE. 
why am i not seeing any updates, or getting any return emails? 
Why am I not sleepy yet? Waking up tomorrow is going to suck 
Why am I not the guy having a heineken with his slice of pizza for lunch 
why am i not tired when tomorrow is black friday? not good 
Why am I not tired? 
Why am i on holiday for all @thesats signings?! 
Why am I online @ this hour 
why am i sick 
Why am i sick in june?? Not cool 
Why am I sick?  now, in june.  Uh oh and there's practice tomorrow
why am I so easily enthralled by &quot;most shocking videos&quot;. gah! 
Trying to Finish Transition Sessions... 7 days to leave Madrid.. 
trying to finish up some work before playing this afternoon!  in the office
Trying to fix @gracehiom bike  . Had 2 leave it @ Mountain Bike City. But will be fixed by 4pm today so we can go for a training ride 
Trying to fix my 4 wheeler. It broke again. I think i need a new motor for it  or find one to use parts off of!!!!!!!!
Trying to fix my iTunes, cuz if that don't work, my iPhone don't work right either. 
Trying to fix my psp battery it pissing me off 
trying to fix my relationship 
Trying to fix the carpet so we dont get charged for it !! Dang dog 
Trying to focus n do this scholarship but I'm kinda bored n want to go hangout 
trying to focus on my essay but it's kinda impossible 
Trying to focus on my writing and ignore the thunder. The very scary loud thunder. I hate storms! 
Trying to follow the #140conf chat, but have to study!  Will try and see if I can follow it later..
trying to fund people to add on twitter... dont have very many 
Trying to get a dang picture on here and it wont work!!1 
Trying to get a handle on JSON w/ASP.NET MVC and the eBay API. My javascript skills are weak 
trying to get a job...  but its not working
Trying to get a nice architectural shot in dubai  but it's ****** dusty over here
Trying to get ahead of my work schedule so I am not so behind when I get back from Wisconsin... I don't think it is working 
trying to get all my last minute bible school stuff together, i feel really unorganized this year, i don't like it! 
trying to get along with Twitter  why I'm doing this? 
Trying to get back to sleep after going to the stables, but I can't, I'm so tired 
trying to get Bell Canada to give me some records so I can claim a tax credit. What fun 
trying to get economics in my head.... but i got a headache 
trying to get Ellie on here 
trying to get everyone`sz phone numbers because when i got myy new phone they all got deleted 
trying to get focused to do some online homework 
Trying to get forms signed for summer collage and my councler is not around. 
trying to get in my daily fix of media takeout and the site is acting funny  how disapointing
Trying to get in some soccer practice before it rains. 
trying to get into summer shape. this is a lot harder than it sounds. 
trying to get into work mode...huh its sunday  that means tomorrow is monday
why am i so fail. 
Why am I so itchy? I haven't changed soaps or degergent or used any new lotions or anything. I am on day 2 of my skin driving me crazy! 
Why am I so not feeling well today :-/ ... I think my accounting professor gave me his germs  ... Need to find some meds
why am i so stressed 
why am i so thirsty? ah! i just want to sleep 
Why am I so tired? And another weird dream last night 
Why am I so tired?? 
Why am I so tired?????? Whyyyyy make it stop. Merm is not going to be fun tonight. 
why am i so unlucky. 
Why am I still awake at 1:36am?  7:50am is going to be repulsive 
Why am I still awake. And why do I drive by your old house. Is it maybe the hope of things going back to how they used to be? I love you 
Why am I still out ? 
why am I still sick?   headed to bed early again due to my condition.
Why am I still such a liteweight??? 2 drinks (I think) and I'm waaaaasted  Amazing nite at the beach btw.. NUTZ!!
Why am I still up @ 3:34am  so tired, finally back in my bed... For tonight! Ps. I'm going to start tweeting again bc of ubratwitter
why am i still up. Great now I have to shower and go to class. 
why am i still up? I cant go to sleep!  Bouta watch lil Paris Hilton's new BFF * gotta luv her *
Why am i still up? I miss my mommy. 
Why am I still up??  Oh yeah...my insomnia is back.  Wondifferous 
why am I struggling to sleep in recently?  Possibly the most cruel thing ever 
Why am i studying for midterms while everyone else has finals this week? 
why am i such a chatter box today? sorry everyone 
WHY am I suddenly wide awake at 4:30am? 
Why am I taking up more than 2 hours just to draw something simple like this!? My concentration level is so bad, man. 
why am i the only one on twitter? 
why am i the only person that has nothing to do today 
Why am I tweeting so much?! Had my first ever Starbuck's today. Mocha... Lush! =D Scolded my mouth on Rosanne's vanilla late though! 
why am I up at 4:45 in the morning? So I can study for finals! yay finals.  in less than 12 hours I'll be done with history class!!!
Why am i up at 6am?! aah seriously need to get back to sleep, think i have a cold cant stop sneezing 
Why am I up so early... The joke is I can't get back to sleep 
why am I up this early? 
why am i up this early? i have a terrible headache. 
Why am I up with my east coast tweeps? Certain someone decided they can't sleep 
why am i up? its too early i want to sleep in 
why am i up?! got in at 7.30am ahaha 
Why am I watching MI High????  Its shit
Why am I watching Wife Swap? I hate this show.  I need to find the remote
why am i wide awake at 3:30 am?!  
Why am I working tomorrow?!? 
Why are all betas these days US only. 
Why are all my frnds in here so stressed out 
Why are all my straws broken? 
Why are all the cool classes being offered this summer?  Boo.  
Why are all the girls in my grade ugly!?  (via #zenjar )
Why are all the other races in Civilization always so aggressive 
why are applications so strenuous? 
Why are austpost soo stuck in the dark ages with Package tracking!!! grrrrr 
Why are beds always comfyer in the morning? I can't recreate such comfort 
Why are boys so inconsiderate and mean? 
Why are CDs in HMV so overpriced? ï¿½12.99 for @billyraycyrus? I hate having no money 
Why are cherries so expensive? 
Why are dentist whitenings better than shop bought ones? They all claim online to be same as dentist treatment, but they rarely are value 
WHY ARE DRUNKS SO LOUD. stupid dock right next to stupid bars and i can't hear my stupid self think!! am i home yet?   stupid 1am ferry...
Why are everyone's tweet so saddddddddddd! 
why are gorgeous shoes always so expensive? http://www.cloggs.co.uk/invt/6739 
Why are guys Dickheads when they dont get there own way!!! 
Why are guys so ridiculous? 
Why are many of the great people I wish to have in my life always so far away?  Time &amp; distance are my only enemies
Why are money problems so bad these days 
why are most people only on msn on school nights? 
Why are my allergies so much worse here in Va Beach??? Oh no! Maybe I'm allergic to Va Beach!!! 
Why are my friends chilling at my house in Kauai and i'm not??? ugh i hate being a grown up sometimes 
Why are my joints bothering me this early in the game?! This isn't a good sign 
Why are my PE classmates so hot? xD And why are most of them upperclassmen? 
Why are my tweets so delayed? I use to be known for getting them right away 
Why are my updates getting deleted? 
Why are my weekendz so longy nowadayz 
Why are Papa John's Garlic Parmasan Breadsticks so good?  Wish I could catalog them with *Delicious* Library 
Why are people leaving me?!?! I used to have 15 followers. Now I have 12.  What did I do wrong?
Why are people so mean when they drive 
why are people sometimes so mean   
Why are physics professors always asian? ..anyway, my lunch disgusted me. Panda Express is no bueno. &amp; I don't want to go to work 
Why are some of your profile pics tinted green? Did I finally drop the phone one too many times? 
Why are Sunday evenings so depressing! Time to say goodbye to another weekend 
Why are text updates failing me? Apparently replies @ me aren't making it through. I wish I had a decent Twitter client on my phone 
Why are the flights so expensive in July 
Trying to get motivated to go to the barn...got drenched on my walk to the train 
trying to get motivated to run since dinner was canceled 
Trying to get motivated. I have to go to the doctor  hope this doesn't take forever.
trying to get MSSQL to work with PHP 5 and Windows 
trying to get my baby to come home right now..job is not worth it..no one deserves to be trated like crap 
Trying to get my boyfriend up so we can gooo 
Trying to get my dreams, but sometimes is imposible or very hard.          I miss you, my sweet girl.  Begging you to think with me...
Trying to get my Grandparents stupid Internet to work 
trying to get my hair dried before it turns into ice!  sooo cold
trying to get my iPod to work 
Trying to get my mind off of going to work; it's not working 
Trying to get my new phone activated! 
Trying to get my photo uploaded here - it's not working   Just updated fadwas-inspirational.blogspot.com
Trying to get my preliminary result for my written final exams for the whole day - but no data is provided after login  #ap
Trying to get my site's redesign up and running before the weekend is over.  May not happen 
trying to get my testing machine back in the game  
Trying to get my three year old to lay down with me so I can go back to sleep. Haha. I don't think it is going to work 
trying to get my twit pic updated, but of course there's an error...TWITTER=LAME 
trying to get my work done, but still not feeling well...all prayers are appreciated 
Trying to get MySpace and Facebook pages up and running. World domination is hard. 
Trying to get NetDrive to work. I guess I have to reboot my computer. 
Trying to get on facebook!!! 
Trying to get out of bed 
Trying to get out of bed but my aching back doesn't wanna cooperate 
Trying to get out of bed. Stuff on my mind 
trying to get out of pregnancy lazies!!! HELP...night swim with my honey..sounds good to me..i can pretend to tan 
trying to get out the door - feeling less than excited by everything i put on 
Trying to get ova the skool day 
Trying to get over da death in my family!! 
Trying to get over my horrible fear of flying. 
trying to get over this flu  [MissK]
trying to get over you is the hardest thing i've tried to do 
Trying to get ParameterizedType  for Generic Types with Groovy  for now it seems that no methods existing in the Groovy MOP
why are the killers only doing london? 
why are the link colors not changing? even though i edited them in settings? 
why are the links on @omgpop so freeking jacked up 
Why are the neighbors having yucky time @ 2h30 in the morning? 
WHY are the weekends SO short??! Where did all my sleep time GO?!!! 
Why are there kids shows on PBS right now? Its supposed to be Nature! 
Why are there no buses this morning?! I missed my train now! Boooooooo to the bus people! 
why are there only 24 hours in a day? its so inconvenient when thats not enough 
why are there so many distractions??? im cold as well now 
Why are there so many inconsiderate ppl at the library? BE QUIETTTTT PLEASE! 
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY SPIDERS IN MY HOUSE?! 
Why are there stupid birds being hella Loud in the trees? it's freaking midnight! Think someone should tell them, but I don't speak bird 
Why are there weird people following me on twitter?  except Jelynn. She's more to madness. Hah!
Why are thunderstorms so scary? 
why are u feeling    ?
Why are VIT people giving out ranks and not marks 
Why are we busy ugh I have the largest headache 
why are we fighting so often  all these years apart to finally reunite and fight? I just want to be happy!
Why are you following me!? I've been a good girl  http://twitpic.com/87hsd
Why are you mad at me? Please talk 
Why are you so far away 
why are you such an idiot ? i can't understand u, mygooosh! 
Why are young people attracted to trouble? this makes me sad!  ,&lt;3 kMv
Why aren't A Day To Remember coming to Belfast? 
why aren't all my friends' updates appearing on my page? 
why aren't flash .sol files deleted when browser caches are cleared? its so incredibly unintuitive to explain to clients how to clear em 
Why aren't I Scottish? 
Why arent my clothes here yet 
why arent she talked to me todays? im sads and i dunno why she doesnts says hi. its like instants ice baths 
why aren't tinyurls automatically created anymore 
Why aren't we Facebook buds @MISSCOKASPLASH? 
Why aren't we like we used to be? I hate not knowing what we'll end up happening. Drift Away 
Why aren't you sorry?! (8) 
Why aren't you working!!! 
why ate my toffees ? 
this picture is soo fucking uggly ... kill me 
This picture is too much work 
This picture just made me miss Ilocos more.  http://bit.ly/WSbTg
This pimple is growing a head of its own. I think the rain is encouraging it 
This place is cold 
This place is hellah crowded 4 real not 2 mention a friggin boiler room  grrrr stress
this PMO work is taking a toll on me 
This poor girl.  She was just tryna fit in. I understand....
This pretty much sucks 
This project is huge. I'm ready to be done now 
This prop 8 thing has so much people in a bad mood  come on everyone will will win the next one!! cheer up!!!
This puppy at work wants my attention so bad,  but when I try to pet him, he runs away...   
This puzzle is hard 
This raffic out here is stupid crzy... im 30mins late. I didn't even kno tha parade was gonna touch Vermont. Im mad 
This rain an not feeling well makes me wanna curl in bed with hybridenishi 
This rain better let up in the next hour, I'm not kidding... 
This rain has got to be a joke 
This rain here in #Connecticut is UNBELIEVABLE! Is it ever going to end? Not til at least maybe Monday or Tuesday!   
this rain is draining me of ALL motivation   Dear Summer, why are you standing us up?!?
This rain is gettin me real mad how am I'm suppose to get some fresh air  tear
This rain is killing me I should stayed in boston 
this rain is killinq me 
This rain is like someone sneezed into a fan 
this rain is not letting up at all  looks like its going to be a blockbustr night.
This rain isn't fun. If I go out, my fur will get all wet 
This rain makes me wanna just stay in bed and be warm ... definitely doesn't make me wanna revise Numerical Methods 
This rain really makes me want to sleep all day 
this rain sucks really bad 
this rain/weather is so shitty ! i want it to feel like summer 
this raining, but i have no umbrella and am getting new glasses which will have rain splodges on the from the start 
This rainy weather highlights my mood.. Sucky! 
This rainy weather is depressing me... 
This real-life Gossip Girl show on Bravo seems like it's kidding, but I have a feeling it's not 
Why can flies not just fly around your room quietly? That buzzing sound is pissing me off.. and it wont just fly out the window! 
Why can I never write lyrics 
why can I not add my boyfriend!!!!! 
Why can I not open any links on Twitter??  
Why can I not sleep past 11am....I am exhausted but cannot sleep 
Why can I suddenly not knit a scarf? It shouldn't be this hard. 
Why can we put a man on the moon but not yet create chicken kievs where the garlic butter isn't all lost on the baking tray?! 
why cant @taylorswift13 and @mileycyrus come to toronto   my life is not complete, i think they should tour together
why can't even women close doors without slamming them? jeeeezzz 
why can't everyone be like us? then the world would be peaceful, with no hamster fights that end in death  R.I.P. Azman hamsters..
why cant green day fans let him be, hes not green day.. do they not get how this is affecting him? panic attacks, anxiety, my poor baby 
why cant he see how the way feel about him 
why can't I be happy..? 
why cant i be with him right now?  sigh...
WHY CAN'T I BREATHE?! Yes, an over-exaggeration in terms, but still. I hate being ill. 
why cant i change my background image? and my profile picture? twitter your starting to get on my nerves! 
Why cant I change my profile pic! Its getting me mad! 
Why can't i delete &quot;Near Me&quot; and &quot;Recent Buddies&quot; groups from ichat.   GRRR
Why can't I delete a favorite? Clicked in the wrong place and accidentally made something a favorite - now I can't get rid of it! 
Why can't I do any twitpics??? 
why cant i ever go to bed early 
Why can't I ever sleep in!!!! 
Why can't I ever sleep past 7? 
Why can't I ever sleep? Too many thoughts running through my head. Things suck right now I wish somethings were differnt. 
Why can't I ever win when it comes to my mom? Ugh. So unreasonable 
Why can't I fall asleep? I keep spooking myself out grr 
why can't I find an audreyhepburn hat? 
Why Cant I FInd Ani A Me Frends Twitters.? Nah Fair. 
WHY CANT I FIND IT!!! 
Why can't I find Keanthony's &quot;I Ain't Tryna&quot; anywhere?? YouTube starting to let me down 
why can't I follow more than 2,001 followers?? sigh... 
why can't I get a c# 3.5 work?  ME WHANT!
Why can't I get twitter mobile to work?  
Why can't I install WHS in a Virtual Machine? #vmware #fail 
Why cant i just get over kaitlin? I sit here and try and try and get know were... I just wish she knew how i felt and cared 
Why can't I just go to sleep like a normal person? 
why cant i just have him *sigh*  maybe things would be ok?, cleaning up time i think give me time to think things over.
Why can't I just say it??... Instead of being so scared...  
why cant i just study and not be distracted like normal people?? 
this really sucks!  im on my dads phone and he only has one battery thing left...
This recession is depressing me a whole lot. I can't wait to be in another job. This Sh*t is making me wanna cry 
this reg medicine isn't wkin I want my Mommy... &amp;  My Daddy 2 ck me n bring me som perscription Meds Damn where r they now 
This release puts the 'crap' in 'crap' 
this reminds me of sad rob  cold desert, KOL â™« http://blip.fm/~8dpxw
This reminds me of the day I realized wrestling was fake...not as tragic but...actually...not HALF as bad but surprising nevertheless 
This ride seem long as hell I'M BORED 
This Rimmel eyeshadow looked a lot better when I swatched it D: seems less pigmented on my eyelids than it did on the back of my hand 
this room is lonely without my bunkmates @bchui168, @shannakate and @vinmarrone 
this room is trying to freak me out..i closed the door then for awhile it was open..creepy 
this room-service food is kinda blegh. the scrambled eggs are too soft 
this round goes to the icecream cone yet again  mmmm peanutbutter!
This saturday night is drive me crazy. i really want fro-yo Sour Sally large one wif triple mochi for topping, please 
this season of private practice ended on a really sower note. can't go to bed after that.  
This seems to be the weekend for sore and injured backs and necks amongst the folks I follow. 
This senior dvd is really sad. 
this shamwow does not absorb like it did on the tv! SCAMWOW 
This shift will b over in two hours....can't wait to go home &amp; spend some time w/ my guys...B4 i have to turn around &amp; b right back here 
this shit blows.. i go to school at 7am and go home at 6pm.. 
This shit is hard to use 
THIS SHIT IS STUPIDDDDDD I'VE BEEN WATCHIN CHANNEL NY1 FOR HRSSSSSS-CURRENTLY GOIN CRAZY @ THE ER 
This shit makes my stomach churn 
This shit sucks. 
This shit sux.... Could do a party 2nite however, some broke ass niggas decide they wanna break n crib &amp; steal my shit!!! 
This show is giving me butterflies in my tummy. I miss love 
Trying to get pictures from the photoshoot today from 156 to 20ish so far I've got rid of 19. Ahhhhhhhh help 
Trying to get pierced up before my bout of Warped Tour. i want a set, but I'm not ready to spend 120 dollars to do so. Fuckin hate Jersey 
Trying to get ready for work, but feeling so crappy 
Trying to get ready for work. Not feeling well. 
Trying to get ready to say goodbye to my little girl for a whole week! 
Trying to get rid of a migraine...not going to work feel like this 
Trying to get rid of brightness and alphas in Flash. File keeps exporting with the brightness and alpha in tact. 
Trying to get rid of headace 
trying to get rid of the trojan horse generic 12 
Trying to get some cleaning done but im not feeling so hot 
Trying to get some pep up to run. Vitamins only work for so long  Reminder: 20% off at GNC every 1st 7 days of every month.
trying to get some sleep now, itÂ´s been a short weekend... 
trying to get some space out of my hard disk as i only got 200mb left 
trying to get someone to rent my room, feel like my head is going to exlode... 
trying to get the hitlist chat room to work it wont loadd 
Trying to get the laptop to work 
Trying to get the website completed.... Long days 
trying to get the ywamrto.com newsletter out... four days late. 
Trying to get this swimmer's ear to go away!! 
trying to get threw the days is so hard atm, wish i never started. . . now my bulimia has become an adiction 
Trying to get tickets for the Play Off Final, but no luck so far 
trying to get tickets to see beyonce but there all gone  !!!
Trying to get to sleep but my migraine is getting in the way 
Trying to get twitterberry to work 
Trying to get up for work, but I failed again.  now I'll be late T.T (my boss doesn't care though)
trying to get used to this twitter thing the humans talk about.  would be easier if i had opposable thumbs 
Trying to get warm again  damn kitteh wanted to go out in this cold 
Trying to get work off for attack attack! tomorrow but its not working. 
why can't i play music on my multiply home page?  http://plurk.com/p/xf5mo
why can't I remember plant names and its pictures well ...  I am going to fail the quiz again.
Why can't I see WHITE SOX players @ random bars I go to.. NOT Cubs players  waaah
Why cant i sleep at night like every other normal person 
why cant i sleep in the day  its not like there is anything good on tv 
why can't i sleep late anymore!! 
Why can't I sleep past 10am anymore?? I guess this is what happens when you get older 
Why can't I sleep!  
why cant i sleep! !!!: 
WHY CANT I SLEEP!!!!!!!!!!!UUUURRRRRRGH!!!!!!STUPID BITCHY EYES! 
WHY can't I sleep!?  I'm normally asleep by 10:30p on work nights, and here it is three hours later and I'm wired... 
Why cant i sleep? 
Why can't I sleep? 
Why can't I sleep? Been awak since 25 to 6  BEYONCE TODAY .. Young B cruisin down the west side.. High heyy doing what I wana do,, my way!
Why can't i sleep? My body wants to, but my mind won't let it.  
why can't i sleep?! im sooo tired 
Why can't I sleep????!!??! 
Why can't I stop eating today??! feel like such a pig, yet I still feel hungry 
Why can't i stop eating? I'm never gonna lose my second stone at this rate. Where has my will power gone? 
why can't i stop listening to why can't i? ugh 
why cant i think of awesome riffs 
Why can't I update my iPhone yet!!!  I've been counting down to this day for so long now!
why can't i upload a pic for my profile? the size's ok!  
why cant i upload a picture!! 
Why can't I upload a profile picture of myself onto here?? 
Why cant i upload my pics 
why can't I upload my stoopid picture? It won't reduce down to 700k...  boo
why can't i use Hoot Suite 
why can't I wake up?   
Why can't I wear heels all day? I always  have to have a pair of flip flops with me 
why can't I work my new phone?!?!?!  
why can't i write anything? 
Why can't IRAs magically roll themselves? 
Why can't it be storming now when I'm going to take a nap? The rain would help me sleep 
Why can't more people seed when I'm downloading csi episodes? 
Why can't my dreams be real? 
why can't my dreams become reality? totally stuck in a rut. 
WHY CANT PARENT BE MORE UNDERSTANDING UGH 
Why cant people get it in there head that ive changed my name to castiel windsor? even worse they can't even spell it half the time 
why cant people go thru on their word! 
why cant quad core processors, hard drives and power supplys drop room temperatures instead of increase them 
trying to go out but nobody's down 
Trying to go to sleep after waking up to the thunder and lightning.  Where is the Sun ? 
trying to go to sleep...not working at all 
Trying to got through my 3,000 + unread e-mail messages. Looks like this what I'll be doing for the rest of the evening. 
Trying to hold it together while I live this life and continue to make it better. Its not easy 
Trying to hustle and get all my must-dos done before running home. Hubby wishes I were home half an hour ago (or more). 
Trying to ignore the loud rap music with @stephenjerzak music. Its not really working 
Trying to import e-mail contacts for twitter, but its not working 
trying to install aarmy 3 on my laptop  deploy client is a s*
trying to install Microsoft Blend on Wine .. that's what happen when you are involved with anti-&quot;Open Software&quot; group 
Trying to install the current Chromium build on Fedora, using a converted version of the Debian package. Please build RPMs, Google! 
Trying to keep cool.  I hate the summer heat 
Trying to keep hope alive for the cavs 
Trying to keep my  cool at work- the AC is broken! 
Trying to keep reading who knew it would be so sad...my eyes are burning 
Trying to kick my coffee habit. SOO difficult. 
trying to kick myself in the butt to go get dinner started. I have zero energy  Don't feel like cooking...sucks to be a sick mom 
Trying to learn Afrikaans by watching 7de Laan... I can't say I'm making great progress! 
trying to learn for the exsam tomorrow  i think weï¿½ll f*ck up
TRYING TO LEARN GUITAR FROM @chasingskies.  I really wanna learn!!!  It's so difficult. &amp; I don't wanna cut my pretty nails 
Trying to learn how to do this &quot;twitter&quot; thing... I'll get there. Welcome to all my followers, though Im not that interesting 
Trying to learn how to use twitter 
trying to learn this 
Trying to learn this twitter shit and getting frustrated 
trying to learn to learn the wrods to this album.  bored. miss U  &lt;3
Trying to like iTweetdeck. It reminds me too much of the lacking that is Twitterfon. T'deck just froze up &amp; crashed. 
trying to listen to bob malone streaming on kuci n john west on myspace n neither one is working 
this show makes me sad 
this sickness is getting worse 
This sickness is making it impossible for me 2 sleep!! That and how hot I am 
this sign is a lot more work than i thought it was going to be 
this sleepyhead is not cooperating well today 
This song is called Suicide Swag??? 
this song is so sad  and the video makes it worse! &quot;Nothing Like You &amp; I&quot; by The Perishers â™« http://blip.fm/~8c5ku
This song just randomly popped in my head. Don't have my Warrant CD anymore  &quot;Warrant - Sometimes She Cries&quot; http://snipurl.com/j1t9s
This sounds like a good match, I bet it looks even better! 
This Spanish class is depressing me. Im not good.  T_T
this speech is hard  #AllTimeLowSuckMoreCockThanAWellPaidWhore
This spider bit is killin me 
This spot light outside my living room had me thinking it was 830 
This steak is not juicy; no A1 to make things better 
This STILL makes me shudder  http://tinyurl.com/5f993o
This stinks!!!!! No 3gs for me  Not eligible. THE SADNESS!!!!!
This stinks. Nano's field day got rained out 
This stinks.. I don't think they're televising the Cubs game on the east coast today. 
this stokos is sooooooo good! grilled chicken sandwich nd fries that im not supposed to b eating  ...1st time n a month tho,no more!!
This storm is amazing. Lightning is fantastic, but the insane flashes are like strobe lights. That's not helping this migraine 
This storm is freakin me out!!! Ahhhhhh I'm scared 
This storm is freaking me out. I want alan home now. 
this storm is keeping me up, i'm scared! 
This storm is so scary!!! 
This stupid sore throat is killing me ..... 
this sucks im in miami and it's going to rain like all week! 
This SUCKS that @Twitter has removed all the '@ Replies' of people.  
this sucks!!! the cubs vs. sox game is cancelled. 
this sucks, im being chased by a mosquito  
this sucks, I'm stuck in traffic 
trying to live my life! 100% you never know when it could be gone  R.I.P sheaks! 
trying to live the dream of sleeping in my bed till i feel rested. crap alarm just went off 
Trying to make a label for a new product. Failing. Badly. Back to the printer with me. Chemistry is so much easier 
Trying to make an excuse to go to Shoprite...Uh, I can't think of anything 
Trying to make Firefox crash or behave abnormally. Not having a lot of luck 
Trying to make it from the eastside to make it to jasonssss bdayy dinnerrrrr 
Trying to make it through summer w/o my brother.  really missin him.
trying to make it to catch23, but not lookin good right now 
Trying to make my daughter do the tooth wiggle but she ain't having it.  
trying to make my friend not be stupid.  not goin well...
trying to make my hair like Mia Wallace in Pulp Fiction. not working 
trying to make my last t-bag stretch to another cuppa 
trying to make my youngest sleeping 
Trying to make myself go to sleep but can't. I hate nights like this...especially when my heart feels like its in the right place. 
trying to make myself tired, but it isn't working 
Trying to make sense in my head of daily life without Em . Off to a new job and a life of her own.   We miss you sweet love.
Trying to make sense of Prism in Silverlight... unzipped the Feb09 package from MSDN but can't find those dlls I'm looking for... weird.. 
Trying to make the greatest pot noodle has turned into the worste. Ever. Hard and powdery cardboard thats too chilly 
trying to manage my sleep...can't wake up till midnight again... 
trying to memorize this religion and ppkn, tapi kayanya ga bisa dizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzy like ergggggh my flue is getting worse   
trying to mentally prepare for a day full of yardwork, and family time.  
Trying to nap before work... 
trying to nap but can't fall asleep 
trying to navigate the blog world - never done this before. is there any good way to search? ones i looked for seem mostly u.s. based 
TRYING TO NOT EAT   STUPID BATHINGSUIT SEASON
Trying to open a .docx file on my virtual system while I'm under the dryer. But it only has Office 2007, 
trying to open my account on my sprint cell phone  wont let me 
Trying to order some warrior wear shorts from fightsuperstore.co.uk and failing 
Trying to organise a class gathering. Failing miserably. 
This sucks. Hiro needs Crimson arc's powers  Frak you Arthur Petrelli!
this sucks. i am going to orlando where there might be swine flu.  Wait, OMG! their is a case of possible swine flu in my CITY!!!!  Wah
this sucks. so many things going through my head... 
This sucks. Were going to be driving to vegas when JONAS will be on. I hope we go there early and there is Disney channel in the hotel. 
This sucks... I slept away the evening and now I won't go back to sleep til way late 
this sucks...i can't even go home and sleep in my own bed  i so miss him!
this summer has not gotten off to a good start...at all!! 
this summer is gonna suck. who am i gonna go dumb with if its not my twin? 
This sunburn is making it hard to sleep 
this sunburn needs to go away. i want to go outside 
this sunburn really fucking hurts now 
this sunday is so sssslloooowwwww....gorgeous day and im stuck indoors    excited only 2 more wks..and then the quaint city of providence
this sux but took like 4 minutes. going to sleep finally  http://img36.imageshack.us/img36/4603/iprevailedsig.png
this sux that its gunna rain fathers day...so much for brunch outside  so sick of rain
this tattoo is killing me it burns and hurts  i hope it heals fast
This tea brand is called Ahmad...and instead of making tea, I walked away &amp; now I'm playing some Ahmad Jamal...I definitely have ADD 
this tells me that miley fans arent supportive  and i wanna b i know i shouldnt care cuz its juts a silly thing but its fun #BTS
this text sums up the absurdness of 'prom' last night, &quot;sorry for forcing myself on you.  it was the leather jacket.&quot;  bahaha
This tha only part I hate... The hot iron I'm scared shitless off it 
this that patio shit!!!... but im stuck in the trap 
this thing on my nose got to go soon i can't wait a weekkk  !!
this thing? I dont even tweet that much. Do I? I am now painting my nails *black* and listening to Blink. Ugh... I have a huge headache. 
This thunder is big and scary 
this time 
why can't renfe realize they would have full trains if their prices came even slightly closer to the friggin airlines!  #SpainRailwayFAIL
Why can't school start at half 10. I have been tired all day  I need a lie in somtime!
Why can't she accept it ?? She is driving me nuts with her attitude  Yeah that's my best friend ^^ wuhuu
Why can't someone be at the EZPass office right now?  All I want to do is put money on my tag, but I can't sign in online.    BOO.
why can't tears come out of my eyes 
Why can't the rain just stop? 
Why can't the weather stay the same? I went to school today thinking it's going to be sunny and left school looking like a drowned rat! 
why cant there be emo boys in my year at school  :p lmao
Why can't there be more guys like The Killers  WHY GOD WHY DID YOU MAKE THEM!
Why can't they understand that when I'm fussy, it usually just means I want a hug 
Why can't things just go back to the way they were? 
Why can't we play at this level 
Why can't you just go away?! - &quot;oh my Madeline, here we go around again&quot;-  One year and 62 days is too long. 
Why can't you just realize how fucking not good enough for you I am, then? I'm horrible in every way 
why cant you love me back? sigh 
Why couldn't finals end today?? 
WHY COULDN'T I SEE MCFLY WITH THE JONAS BROTHERS TONIGHT?! that's like.. my dream come true 
Why couldn't it rain on my days off! 
why couldn't kate have died instead? 
Why Couldnt things be different 
Why did @JTlol unfollow a bunch of people (including me!)? Oh well. 
why did Alex and Eli leave? I'm so sad about that    Especially Alex
why did darcy hve to go off msn 
Why did dorothy had to gooooooo ?????? And estelle getty ??? Damn sophiiie !!! Bouut to youtube golden girls !! 
Why Did Eminem Leave ?  I love him!! Andy Samberg is Amazing !!
Why did getting picked up by a 24 yr old just now make me feel like a cougar?!? I'm only 25! 
Why did Grissom leave?! Ugh still can't get over it! It will never be the same 
Why did I approve student fees at SGA?    Western makes me sad.
Why did I bother checking my bank balance? Reading &quot;Available Balance: Â£0.00&quot; was only going to make me sad. 
Why did I bother to iron my lucky white pants today? 2.5 hours on a train and now they look like I picked them up on off the floor 
Why did I choose Ecology? I just wanted to catch bugs 
Why did I choose FREE Super Saver Shipping for my Pilates books?! It's covered wagon speed; only slightly faster than the Pony Express. 
why did i choose MBA!!!! whats the point in doing 1 thing that everyone else is doing, i thought it didn't need brains  uaaaaaa
Why did I choose to become a lifeguard?! Sometimes it can be so stressful 
WHY did I discover guitar hero now that I am in school? I want to blow off homework and go play! 
why did i do this to myself?! moving at 4X the speed of a regular class is not fun! 
This time it really is snooze time. Sun loungers aren't all that comfy though 
this time last night i would of been at take that  the sats would of still be on
this time last week  I was waiting on my flight to glasgow...
this time last year i was in spain with beth; wish i was now 
this time last year I was there  http://usat.me/?35406804
this time of yearr suckss noo sportss onnn i hate the off season 
this time older brother drew 0-0  it was a good game
This time three years ago I would have been leaving Poland for Amsterdam on the train... Oh how time has flown by 
This time, I definitely need new shoes. Seriously. They don't stay on very well anymore. 
this time, the McFly probably are going to stage, on vivo rio..it's too late for me 
This totally sucks 
This trip has made me so fat.  and I've been feeling so good lately.
This trip is over, time to come back to reality 
This trip to California is wrapping up soon  only 4 hours till my flight.
this T-shirt with @michael_cho's artwork is... 
This tweet app is not working right. 
THIS twitter is driving me nuts...WONT LET ME DOWNLOAD A PROFILE PIC!! ...guess i'll keep trying!! 
this twitter shit is WEIRD.... 
THIS TWITTER SHIT KAN EAT THE GUN NOW ....AN I DON'T EVEN BE GOIN IN SMFH, OVER REACTIN 4 NOTHIN, I NEED 2 STAY STRONG 
This twitter thing is kinda lame  i dont get msgs! 
this van is full of snoring ppl and i cant sleep 
This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version.  #iphone3
This video makes me cry no matter how many times I watch it.  http://bit.ly/8yT7t
This waiting isn't good for our blood pressure  
This was a looooooooong day  Glad it's over.
this was a short week-end  big meeting all day 2morrow...
Why did I end up the topic of capital punishment to make a speech about? It's absolutely horrifying 
Why did I ever thinking choosing a course entitled: 'Advanved Neuroanatomy' was a good idea?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Why did i finish reading Twilight, now what am I gonna read on the plane. 
why did I get airbrushed nude, if soon as i put my dress on it messed it up a little...eerrrr 
WHY did I get flavored coffee when I know I don't like flavored coffee? I'm so easily persuaded by the delicious-sounding names! 
why did i get locked outta my pad until NOW?!?!?! friday night=down the drain 
why did i get this... its not doing anything i ask it to 
Why did I get up over an hour ago.. I didnt even fall asleep till like 4:30 
why did i have to hit trhe bunny?  fml
Why did I have to visit the Home Theatre forums again ... WHYYYYY....   *self-poison*
Why did I keep drinking after I left the alley?! This is not how I planned to spend my Friday. Can't get up.   http://tinyurl.com/pf98zh
Why did i lose followers? 
why did i offer to work today!? Should be goin to the beach with chub and my little princess 
why did i only buy one beer. its almost finished 
Why did i say id start work at 6am!!?? Id still be sleeping the now!!  
Why did I say no more beer until Key West?  #fuckinghenry
WHY did I sign up for a free laptop?? NOW.. Almost 30 SPAM emails in 1 night 
Why did i sleep all day.. Oh cuz i couldn't fall asleep until like 5 yeah. . 
Why did I spend all of today listening to 80s and 90s pop ballads? I don't know, but I'm onto Bonnie Tyler and loving it. But now, bed. 
Why did I start crying during Asher roth's performance?! I freakin love college and I'm gonna miss everyone! I don't want 2 graduate 
Why did I stay up so late? Must wake early 
why did i suddenly think it was june 18? i got all excited about 10 days till holidays and realized its the 2nd  i'm sicker than i thought
Why did i take a nape 
why did i wait this late to do my laundry???  shame on me 
Why did I wake up at 6am when I only went to bed at 1am?  habits die hard
Why did I wake up so early  Watching TV.
Why did I wake up thinking today was Friday??  Only to find out its not!  
Why did I wake up with chest pains? 
why did i wake up? its 2:40am and in  5hrs i take the 1st part of my  english regents....LOVELY 
why did ian leave the cab 
why did it stop raining? 
why did jon and kate have to split up  sniff sniff thats going to chage the show...big time! omg http://tinyurl.com/n8j2zx
Why did Mike Judge stop making Beavis and Butthead..but continue to make King of the Hill..  *goes to watch B&amp;B*
why did my dad have to come at me w/ all this &quot;help&quot; which really has just put me in the usual feeling obligated position.. sigh 
Trying to outgrow putting smilies in my text messages and updates. It's harder than it looks...  D'OH!!!
trying to pack. ugh. I have too much stuff.  I wish I could wave a magic wand and make everything pack it damn self. home tomorrow! 
trying to pick my top ten songs for triple j hottest 100 of all time!! toooooo hard!! 
Trying to plan a 10 year elementary school reunion, but having a hard time remembering names. 
trying to plan/figure out summer shakedown. aah help shaline get inn 
trying to play football manager 09 online and it aint bloody working 
trying to play team fortress 2 on my mac via vmfusion is not the greatest idea in the world. i need a new macbook 
trying to pluck up the energy to spend my only baby free hours of the day cleaning the house 
Trying to post a pic of my free sack boy and twibble is being a pain in the arse. 
Trying to practice my speech and I can't concentrate 
Trying to promote my article, sadly with little success this time  http://www.fnatic.com/articles/565/Motivation.html
Trying to pry myself away from my fruit. I've never been away from her for more than two days.   This is the worst.
Trying to publish my new pomodoro app, but ClickOnce applications seems to dislike my resources 
Trying to put a smile on my face guess its not working  been down all dayy
Trying to put together a warboss, his back doesn't want to work 
Trying to quilt while the little dude sleeps, but the preschool dude keeps interupting and now just broke my long tape measure 
Trying to raise money to purchase something new . I don't want to sell any stock 
Trying To Really Be A Bitch To Certain People..... This Is Alot Harder Than I Thought 
trying to recover from all these sickness; coughing, fever, sore throat, you name it! 
Trying to recover from the worst experience of food poisoning ever!! 
Trying to recover from too much beer lastnight. I have to get on a plane soon too   http://myloc.me/4PPY
trying to redo the web page... not having much success  
trying to reduce the number of cigarettes in each day! 
Trying to re-imerse myself back into my online communities after about a month...not working very well 
Trying to relax. I'm worried about my daughter Valerie. They're gonna test her for diabeties. She's only 4 for cryin' out loud! 
trying to remember my password for my puter account 
Trying to remove a glass of Samuel's Gorge Shiraz from a light coloured carpet   Jeez that wine has a lot of colour!
Why did my dad have to go out this morning? I want to open my presents 
Why did my falafel fall apart??? 
why did my flight have to be delayed  just when I was thinking atl was one of my fav trips!
Why did my great day have to turn bad!! 
Why did my iPhone delete most of my music when I updated the software? Bayside and Miley are still here but John Mayer is goneeeeee 
why did rain have to come today..... i hate it 
Why did someone steal my gmail account? 
Why did the end of Made of Honor just make me cry? 
why did the rain stop? it cheated me into thinking it will be a great gloomy day. 
Why did the sun go away??? 
why did they give the old man in the Six flags commercials a speaking part??...he was already creepy enough as it was... i see nightmares 
Why did they have to kill the old nice people? 
why did they have to pave over honda civics musical road before i got to drive it 
Why did they use a girl wit a flat booty in the Birthday Sex video???? Guess that sucked for him 
Why did tweetie stop loading tweets properly? Ok twiiterena til it sorts 
why did you have to come back into mai life &amp; haunt me &amp; mai memories  now this is were it gets confusing again!
Why didnt anyone warn me that Marley &amp; Me is sad!  bawled my eyes out!! Ok..time for shower and next MOVIE. outie!
Why didnt god make me rich id rather be sleeping than working  urgh
Why didn't I know that ;o ? omg , she give a concert ! nooooooo I can't see her     fuckedup.
Why didn't I turn on the ac this am? My apt current temp is set to drag me to hell. Hot! 
Why didn't Miley ein Breakthrough Female? Why? Whyyy? WHHHYYYYYY?  OK, well Ashley is amazing too, you can't say she doesn't deserve it.
Why didn't we let GM and Chrysler go into bankruptcy months ago? I think I lost my gamble on GM stock now 
why do al good things come to an end? 
why do all my favorite members in bands quit? how depressing. 
Why do all the people who work at apple make me feel lile a dum dum when I ask them questions? 
why do bad things happen to good people ? 
Why do boys lie so much 
why do creepy dudes always hit on me. dnw 
Why do Dutch people mention &quot;DIE&quot; all the time??!! It scares me. 
why do females have horrible music tastes? 
why do friends feast while you are on fast 
why do friends have to be so mean!!!! i wish people were more understanding... 
Why do gorgeous little girls insist on cutting their own hair (that takes FOREVER TO GROW) at 2 YO!!??? NOT once but TWICE IN 2 MONTHS!! 
Trying to remove a tick from my leg. Shoulda checked myself last night 
Trying to research if I should stop drinking these 5 hour energy drinks... its hard to study ALL day without a pick me up 
Trying to resist the urge for a chocolate chip mocha 
Trying to rest  Been working all night
trying to rest after a 1 hour drive turned into a 2 hour and 15min drive thanks to my crying 7 month old 
trying to restore ipod but vant. 
Trying to revise :s this is really not working! HELP!!! 
Trying to revise for my piano theory exam tomorrow 
Trying to revise for philosophy. I've failed. 
Trying to revise!! but tis not really working 
trying to rewatch some Degrassi but the thingy isn't working 
Trying To Rid My Computer Of Spyware. 
trying to ring someone in portugal but my bloody phone wont let me!!! today isnt my day to be honest 
trying to run and hide, far far away from u.. coz i'll only keep hurting u.. but deep inside, i miss u so damn much 
trying to search friends over twitter... would anyone be my friend.. as i am feeling alone... 
Trying to send email on outlook. Test msg works ok but sending doesn't 
trying to set up a Twitter account for Zumi Sushi... but Twitter is not being very nice about it 
trying to set up mobile updates, but it isn't working.  damn virgin mobile.
trying to set up my mobile so i can update twitter on the go. It dont work 
Trying to shop online wis I could find sevens for 40.  haha
Trying to Shout but can't find people on the list 
Trying to sift through the books I chose on amazon to filter out the ones I don't really need urgently... 
Trying to signup to @SerialSeb Agile talk... the register button takes you to the venue page!!!  http://tinyurl.com/nd7t4u #signupfail
Trying to Singup to Youtube, but 007peter is already taken by someone else 
Trying to sleep  not working
trying to sleep  wells, was gonna but cbf'd now 
-trying to sleep &amp; its not working very well 
Trying to sleep after a great weekend down the coast. Very tired+have a very patchy tan  hopefully it will be hot tomorrow  more sun! ;)
trying to sleep but i am not tired 
Trying to sleep but it's too hot! 
Trying to sleep but not really, I don't feel tired at all and I'm just hungry 
Trying to sleep but not succeeding... 
Trying to sleep but thinking the stress from work is making it hard to sleep 
Trying to sleep have work at 8 
Trying to sleep in! But having no luck 
Why do I always attract ugly dudez? No offense but I want what I want not sum gross sweaty white dude. 
why do I always feel cheated when I've bought something technical? the guy at the store said &quot;samsung is better&quot; but now I want sony 
why do i always feel like this when I'm trying to be social... i know it's me that's the problem and not everyone else.  need to stop it.
Why do I always get sick when I come home? 
why do i always get so many mysterious bruises after a weekend of going out? 
Why do I always get the sniffles after a massage? 
why do i always have to cram?!?! 
why do i always misplace my camera cord?  i know i had it not to long ago 
why do i always randomly get sick..i need a job with some medical coverage 
Why do I always sit in the drive thru foreverr at fatburger 
why do I always sleep in  I have to leave in 16 minutes!
Why do I always stay up when I shouldn't 
why do i always take the face off, to see what the brain look like? I loose more hoe's that way... 
Why do I always wake up early on weekends?  Sleeping in occasionally would be nice. 
why do I always wake up ONE minute before my alarm is scheduled to go off?? 
Why do I always wake up right after @crystalchappell is done tweeting? And why is twitter doing maintenance &amp; not letting me post this? 
why do I always wake up so damn early on weekends when I can sleep in?! 
Why do I always watch Origin when I know it'll end badly for the Blues?!  
WHY DO I ALWAYZ WANT FOODS THAT I KANT HAVE  I REALLY WANT SUM DAMN WHAT A BURGER RITE NOW..DAMN I NEEDA GO BACK TO FL..LOL
why do i bother setting the clock any more? my body is just going to do whatever the hell it wants!  
Why do I drink energy drinks at midnight? 
Why do I even bother picking up my phonee  ?
Why do I even bother putting on lotion to moisturize my skin when it gets moisturized by sweat already? Too hot today 
why do i even bother? why would someone do this 
Why do I even consider smoking while we have this swine flu epidemic on our hands... my throat hurts 
why do i even try?? 
Why do i feel like its slowly going down. And breaking apart 
Why do I feel like such an idiot. 
Why do I feel like you don't care about me anymore? Is it my fault? 
Why do I feel really sad 
why do i feel sick? why do i feel my life will never be happy. two things in my life would make me happy. i have neither. 
Why do I feel sleepy waking up early in the #morning? 
Trying to sleep on the train to boston! But its soooo uncomfortable 
Trying to sleep when it's 28c is not fun 
trying to sleep with no A/C, next to @jayjc33, the bed hogger!!! 
Trying to sleep without the man i love next to me  it takes gettin used to
Trying to sleep! I need to be up by 7 tmrw. I work @ 8. 
Trying to sleep.  got a 4 am start too. Doh.
trying to sleep. i have the flu &amp; i feel horrible!! 
trying to sleep. my tummy hurts 
Trying to sleep. Need to be rested for diploma tomorrow. However, DYING OF HEAT. Damn me and my life without a fan 
Trying to sleep..,it's 100 degrees in my room  I love you @edge_JB12!
trying to sleep.....office tomorrow 
Trying to source hemp paper by box reams - last place I purchased from in Canada is out of business 
trying to spending time away from the reality....broke my heart again 
Trying to stay awake  Anyone have any tips how to keep yourself awake @work?
Trying to stay awake through the Greek rerun. It is extremely difficult 
trying to stay awake. i hope my mates finish smokeing soon... gotta go home to my cold lonely bed 
trying to stay busy and think of other things... 
trying to stay normal 
Trying to stay positive but anticipating a hellacious day at work 
Trying to stay up til 4 so i can sleep on the trip down south  i need sugar
Trying to stay upbeat while I wait to get my keys out of my locked car 
trying to stop coughing ..........dang bronchitis 
Trying to stop thinking about it all and failing at it miserably 
Trying to stream this on MySpace, but that's not working currently  My file hosting site is still having issues.  Thankfully it's free. ;)
trying to study    what an awfull thing to do in a saturday
Trying to study - finding it hard 
Trying to study BCI...this 8085 thingy is nt making any sense... 
trying to study for exams...grrrr 
trying to study for his stat exam tomorrow...bulls lost so less inspiration 
Trying to study for my english exam for tomorrow, but epically failing  arhh
trying to study for my english language sac tomorrow. 
Trying to study for my upcoming exams but I am too lazy 
trying to study for the biggest test, next week! but isn't working, i think LOL 
Trying to study networks... Such a boring subject.. 
trying to study through a tummy ache 
Trying to study. So I can pass the last day of drivers ed. This is hopeless. 
Why do I feel so exhausted? 
Why do I feel so guilty about killing ants in my kitchen? They don't pay rent... 
why do i feel so lazy now 
Why do I feel so sick this morning? 
why do i find out all the latest celeb deaths through Paris Hiltons Twitter?!?! lol R.I.P Farrah Fawcett 
Why do I get allergies in the morning?   Everytime I take a breath it's like I'm playing a kazoo!
Why do i get hot flashes  i'm sooo bored someone text me
Why do I get my hopes? 
Why do I get so nervous talking to the boss? I'm actually shaking. 
Why do i get the feeling my host has &quot;forgotten&quot; about me now that they have my $$? no reply to my support email yet  #squarespace
why do i get to vote for @dannygokey continuously every minute but i don't get to for @DavidArchie? 
Why do I go to bed do late when I know I have to be up early in the morning? 
why do i have 2 banshees on my hands? 
Why do I have 9 followers? There are only 8 followers no matter how I count them. WHY? There is a ghost follower......   No!
Why do I have a knot on my head????? REAL Talk! 
Why do I have a real want for a bike right about now?  To bad its not going to happen for a while 
why do I have so much to do...I thought after exams i'd be free....turns out I was wrong 
Why do I have such a big heart? 
Why do i have thing with curly hair dudes? 
why do I have to be allergic to grass?! why not something that doesn't grow like...everywhere 
Why do I have to be in a windowless room in Swang when there is such a beautiful storm out? 
Why do I have to have dark hair? 
Why do I have to install 8.2 all I want is 3.0  #iPhone
Why do I have to like someone if that someone don't like me?! Love is 1 of the worst things that can happen to someone!!! It's so boring 
why do i have to live in south america?? SHITT the mtv movie awards here are on thursdayyy 
why do i have to paint agiannn 
Why do I have to wake up to this 
Why do I have to work during the entire LSU game?  Thought I'd get to watch the beginning at least but a rain delay has prevented that 
why do i have to work on the sunny days.... and have days off on the cold ones 
Why do I have to work tonight? I could've gone out 
Why do i have to work? 
Why do I keep getting illll   Not eaten in 24 hours.  Ow.  Might try and eat a crumpet...
Why do I keep getting too many story ideas? My PC is being filled with notes for &quot;stories to write later&quot;. Unfortunately, I type slowly 
Why do I know these people? I'm gonna sleep now and hopefully not have Adam and Zach discussing testosterone invading my dreams. 
Trying to take all these braids out of my hair!!!!! This is going to take all day 
trying to take my nose stud out but it hurts  the ball at the end won't to through the whole of the piercing 
Trying to take the bebe to the zoo but it looks like rain 
Trying to talk dale into Twitter!!!!  He's not buying it.  
trying to talk the parents into letting me leave the house..doubt its gonna work for the fact they are rather irritable 
trying to talk to one of the McGuys...   
trying to telll my friends to get a twitter!! my cell phone is dead! 
Trying to think of a convincing excuse for not going to work 
trying to think of ideas for a short story. aaaaaaaaagh  !
Trying to think of plans for the evening. Rich is working and i'll be by my lonesome for the rest of the weekend 
Trying to think of the best way to embed a pdf into a webpage w/o using Scribd (blocked). I may need to convert to jpeg. 
Trying to trade my laptop for the TV. My son and Cbeebies win. Have to watch #f1 online then 
Trying to transfer a domain from Network Solutions is like getting a root canal!  Lots of pain....
trying to transfer dakota web to the new domain, not working too well so far 
Trying to translate a paper from Engrish to English without ripping it up and writing it myself.... 
Trying to twitter to my friends.  It's not working  
TRYING to understand how this thing works and get over the fact i spelt my name wrong on the stupid username 
trying to understand twitter 
trying to understand twitter..still confused 
trying to understand vBulletin ... difficult to get it... 
trying to understand why i can't get over this horrible horrible cough i have 
trying to understand why life is so fucking unfair 
trying to unlock iphone 3g ... only 3G working 
Trying to unravel a snafu with my record of employment 
Trying to update my resume. I hate having to update my resume 
Trying to update to 3.0 but iTunes won't cooperate!!! 
Trying to update twitter via my cell phone, but damned I don't understand how this works 
Trying to upload a new avatar too twatter. Then my comps Internet starts to suck   more about the avatar once it uploads.
trying to upload a photo of my hair and makeup but twitpic wnt let me log in 
trying to upload a pic for @sdi126 but cant get it to work. 
trying to upload a pic with broadband, can feel like i'm on an old 56k  modem 
trying to upload a picture but it really doesnt work  theres no picture and my designs just gone, why ?
Trying to upload a pix but having trouble 
This was an unproductive day!  gym tomorrow morning.
This was not a fun night........ Fuck 
This was one busy a$$ monday 
This was one of those un-welcome weekends with guests and groc shopping and cleaning up. Got bored  Looks like i'm too much bored nowadays
this was supposed to b a quick change. WHY am i still debugging? hmmm  i will not complain, not complain, not complain...pandora is good!
This was supposed to be a relaxing weekend  instead I am running around all over the the place and cleaning my apartment.
this was the longest day of class ever...no really...he didnt let us out until 950!!! 
this was the summer of 2007 i miss it  http://twitgoo.com/v9yu
This was the worst weekend (week for that matter!) I have had in a long time.  Hope this week is better. 
this water is hurting my stomach  and my mouth and neck...
this weather blows. it has been raining non stop this whole damn month  its depressing!
This weather can suck it. I was gonna ride my bike to work tomorrow FOR REAL so I could get off work early.   #nocar
This weather does not look promising for a long weekend down the south coast 
This weather has me down  Morning Twetties!
This weather is awful! I just want to curl up and read a book all day 
This weather is awful...haven't seen the sun all week! 
This weather is crap. Major sinus infection now. I also miss being able to eat whatever I want whenever I wanted and not get sick. 
This weather is giving me a sad feeling!  usually sun perks me up. But not this year :'( i keep tearing up!
this weather is horrible  bad thunderstorms and a tornado watch.. ScArY
this weather is interfering with my running schedule - damnit, now i HAVE to join the gym 
This weather is just depressing. 
this weather is killing me  too hot, too hot.
This weather is making me in a bad mood 
This weather is NOT helping my mood....  
This weather is nuts 
This weather is seriously putting a damper on my day 
this weather is shitty, why is it so cold 
this weather is so crappy it's draining my energy and making me sooooo sleepyyy  .....
this weather is so depressing 
trying to upload my profile pic ~ it's not working  x
trying to upload one thousand photos!! 
trying to upload photos but the internet is not being friendly 
Trying to upload pics from bfs promotion on FB and failing miserably 
trying to upload some videos on youtube, but my proxies do not work..!  #IranElection
Trying to wacth Les invincibles... but of course the kids aren't asleep 
Trying to wake up  at work
Trying to wake up - it's been a long, long evening here again. 
trying to wake up, but is finding it very hard 
trying to watch #140conf online. RayV plugin sucks... CPU at 100%, video breaks every 5 secs. More buffer than video... 
trying to watch a movie but can people are in the house uhhhhh 
trying to watch dollhouse online. its not working 
trying to watch live webcasts but it doesn't work. 
trying to watch service at GUTS but there's no sound 
Trying to watch the  #Tonys but horrible headache. Had to medicate - hopefully will pass out soon. Not good as no work got done. 
Trying to watch the first episode of #TrueBlood via Yidio but it keeps crashing 
trying to watch the last 2 episodes of 24 but Sky player not playing 
Trying to watch the New Moon trailer but my stupid internet won't work!  what to do without the Internet? Any ideas? LIVE. LAUGH. LOVE.
Trying to watch The Wire without falling asleep 
trying to win better NKOTB tickets! isnt working out very well 
trying to win tickets! com'on dc101... 
Trying to wind down for the night but i still have a lot of things to do 
trying to work out how to use this!! 
Trying to work out why myspace is being a jerk to me and Suzie. 
trying to work through this &quot;virtual port xxxx has already been defined!&quot; error on an SSG5. fyi virtual port has not been defined. 
Trying to work up the energy to get out of bed to get ready for work.  Only slept about 3 hours last night.  
This weather makes me 
this weather sucks, WHAT HAPPENED TO THE SUNSHINE FROM YESTERDAY? 
This weather sucks.. where is everybody? 
This weather sucks...I feel just like it.....   where is the summer..can't wait 4 my family vaca... Who's with me???
this weather sux 
This weather will be the end of me! I love sunshine, but not while I have to study inside all day 
this weather's depressing....lots of strong thunderstorms moving into the area...not much chance for outdoor shooting today  
This weather's no good at all 
this wedding will be the death of me. and we just dropped the dogs off at the kennel.  i miss them already!
This week has been a killer. I'm still being rushed. Damn! Not even Friday yet 
this week has been awful. 
This week has been extremely long and painful + I'm on overnight call on sat 
This week has been so lonely without gossip girl xoxo 
this week has been such a stress, and the weekends only going to be worse   @druinreallife i anticipate sunday dores session
This week I got to interview a family and write a safety plan. I will follow up with my family next week. I also miss my Lil'Foot 
this week i have nothing to do but study  shiitee
This week in the Bahamas has been fantastic! Be back tmrw. Don't want it to end. 
This week is a major, major gym fail. Can't wake up, knees hurt, wonder if it's knee doc time again. 
this week is being SO bad 
This week is going to be BORING! no footy to look forward too coz my blueboys are on a break. 
this week is going to be busy! I can't wait for Queensland! but I WANNA SEE ALL TIME LOW LIVE!! NOT FAIR! 
This week is going to be one of the longest weeks, I'm going to miss you everyday 
this week is going to blow. didn't sleep well last night, now i have two tests to look forward to. 
This week is going to suck. It's the flip week where I go from working MTW to TFS.  I only get Thursday off this week. 
This week is gonna be more awfulthan the last ones. At least the weekends are good! 
this week is gonna suck balls. today is my only day off 
this week is not going as i had hoped 
Why do I let myself drink 
Why do i let people get me this mad mad enough to hurt them 
Why do I like to say &quot;record&quot; about albums when I am referring to an entirely digital thing 
Why do I look so awesome in heels yet am so afraid of them? 
why do i loose a follower or 2 every day? u guys dont love me  .. am i not entertaining enough ??
why do i love eating cake so much... 
Why do i not get device updates but @NATTEH does? 
why do i only have 3 followers 
why do i procrastinate so incredibly much??? 
Why do i sign up for doubles at work? When the day comes around i regret my decision. 
Why do I still feel like total crap?... 
Why do I still feel sick? 
why do i still have a test? 
why do I still have to stay up??? bcuz of the incomplete exam projects that I gotta hand by tomorrow...will sleep late today!! very late! 
Why do i suck at coding 
why do i think i have to take medicine cuz i was laughing to hard?. my head should not be in this much pain. i thought laughter was gud 
why do I torture myself so much? 
why do I wake up so early on weekends? fail 
Why do I wake up thinkingit should be a go a good day, and then my THREE BIG POSTERS fell 
Why do I wake up to a 90 degree room? 
why do i watch a haunting? 
why do I watch shows &quot;live!?&quot; You can't fast-foward 
Why do I watch Titanic when I know how sad it's going to be?  
Why do Mondays come around so quickly, there you are just getting into the swing of the weekend and whoosh, it's gone! I hate Mondays. 
Why do Mondays seem to drag on forever and Saturdays are faster than a prostitute downtown 
Why do most videos i play skip and jump 
Why do mothers have to be so annoying and enjoy waking you up from from a very deep and comfortable sleep 
Why do my contacts refuse to work for the first hour that I have them in?  How annoying 
Why do my followers keep droping I had 57 wen I went to sleep last night I got 50 naw 
Why do my french customers alway YELL? I'm not deaf....they're not mad or something. They just have such a loud voice... outch 
Why do my friends feel as though they don't need to bring gifts to my house warming...A mess 
why do my friends insist on putting me in the worst situations? 
Why do my Sprint phones always encounter problems like this around the 6 - 7 month mark??? I'm locked into a 50 yr contract at this point 
why do other people get replies 
why do our phone calls always end up like tht 
why do people break hearts 
this week was going so well 
This week was not my week. 
this week was supposed to be better than last... 
This weekend has been a waist. Not fun what so ever. 
this weekend has decided to let me down... first sunday plans fizzle now the saurday plans modified  still excited abt meetin the brother
this weekend has flown by...feels like it should be saturday..i fecking hate it when that happens 
This weekend I bring out my bike from the shed..hmm..back to insuring and taxing it..great stuffs 
This weekend I travelled for a grand flaming total of 28 hours :-/ travel sick 
this weekend i watched: superbad, haunting in connecticut, juno, knocked up &amp; borat. juno didn't have enough wit to make up for the rest 
this weekend is a busy one  arrrrgh hate it
This weekend is gonna be EPIC, but first I must endure exams.  Why must I work for my fun?
This weekend is over  BUT HEY!! 4-Day Week, 3-Day weekend  Yesss!
This weekend totally suck, I am so mad 
this weekend was a good weekend. Tomorrow morning will be good until I get to my government class. I DIDN'T DO MY PAPER 
This weekend was full of missions w/ bbm minus joey though  time to sleep...happy 1st of JUNE my geminis! Goodnight my luh...-_-
This weekend was lame, all I did was work and do homework. 
This weekend was way too short 
This weekend went by wayy too fast 
trying to wrangle everyone to go to brunch... graduation today.  
Trying to write a story. Can't freaking think of what to write next 
Trying to write a two page paper before 1. I only have 2 paragraphs, this could be bad 
Trying to write an essay on the different types of knowledge, please feel free to help me out. 
Trying to write chapter 135..not really getting anywhere... 
trying to write my english essay again....i like Poe, but CANNOT write 2000 words just on the tell-tale heart...... 
Trying to write my goals for this week - not usually this hard 
trying to write report...but i can't focus 
Trying to write, but I've got a headache coming on. 
trying to write....I'm at a lose for words 
Trying too help my EX out of a hard place right now   http://twitpic.com/7ly31
trying tweetdeck on my iPhone since twitterena is stupid 
Trying Tweetdeck on windows xp but can't install it on my vista  anyone can help?
Trying VirtualBox after auto-updating Ubuntu and discovering that 9.04 doesn't work under Parallels 
Tryinq to find jade on here, not sucessful so far 
Tryna get this left arm covered b4 I hit this plane next month...but I don't know what 2 get! 
Tryna kick it tomorrow, no ride though 
Tryna lighten my own mood  Pray for me y'all...
Tryna send this session to bishop and it's taking forever OMG this is Wack son 
T-Shirt is actually good, blame it on camera, picture not showing actual colors  http://post.ly/jfk
Tsk, been there before mate. Made a multi lingual CMS then was told by my boss to fill in the content, took aaaages. 
Tsk, how to play Farm Town 
tsk,tsk,tsk, mapua (the makati branch) has joined the different schools that have (A)H1N1 victims... lapit pa naman ang hell week 
Tsonga definitely isn't playing his best match, poor guy 
Tsonga lost  But, hey Fedex is still there!!
tssssssss 
TT was going great... Until my I lost my f dï¿½railleur and rode 8mi in my 39....nice- lost 90sec 
Tthe A/C is being weird on my side of the building, so hot.... 
TToTT Why does talking on the phone make me so bloody nervous?! 
tuas -&gt; punggol -&gt; JB. cos forgot to bring the birthday present along. 
Tucked between my pillows. Early wake up call for the gym in the morning - last spinning class with my mama for quite some time 
Tucked in my bed with a box of tissues, cough drops and an extra dose of Tylenol Severe Cough. 
Tucked up in bed all nice and snug and cozy. Don't wanna think about getting up early for 8hrs of class back to back 
tucked up in bed feeling crappy!!!! 
Tucked up in bed, this reply is for me, @Sarcasmoo, so I remember to send some apologies to people on msn/twitter/fb later  *damn vodka*
TUCKERS AWAY FOR 2 DAYS D: 
Tucking myself in tonight  Mogwai on repeat
Tudor. With lacey, amber, and the other panos's staff 
Tuesday and Thursday. Faster please 
Tuesday... start of my 600 mile round trip! 
Tuesdayï¿½ll start with reflection ï¿½n then a lecture in Stress reducing techniques. That sure might become very useful for us accompaniers 
Tuesdays All A Twitter: Still having follow/unfollow issues  I'm going to switch from Decaf to water and jump on the machine for a mile or
This weekend will be bittersweet 
this weekends abouttttto SUCK 
this weekend's fair was good, barely made my booth fee though 
this weeks gonna suck  .. i feel like ive lost half of my life 
this week's not gonna be fun...esp starting it with rainy days 
This week's reviews hampered by spammers   getting on top of it now... New Anatomicals giveaway this weekend 
this week's track record is not the best. Between insomnia or horrible dreams, I'll take... wait, why do I only have those two options? 
this wether is wick.. 
This whole &quot;not being able to sleep&quot; - lame 
This whole Air France thing is sad   I feel for the relatives.
this whole grain white bread is ruining my PB&amp;J vibe  bad texture
This whole moving shit thing sucks 
this whole picking my car up from downtown the next morning is becoming a trend  at the doggy beach all day!
This whole rain every day thing is started to make me wicked depressed  #fb
this whole situation has got me stressed, anxious, &amp; not feeling good. ugh 
This whole taking Zoe back early thing is a real bummer... 
This whole thing just makes me mad bc I can't play any of this 
This whole up way too early thing is not working..5:30am is no bueno..trying to get back to sleep  at least family guy is on lol
This whole vacation thing is not starting out so well. I'm really not happy at all 
This whole waking up at five thing really sucks, especially when it's all for lectures and paperwork 
This will be my second Father's Day without my Dad.  I still miss him so much 
This will be the first year since Lord knows when, that I will not be attending the BET awards 
This will be the last game I watch until Emirates Cup. Can't see me sitting in next Saturday to watch Borat X1 v England. Too many chavs 
This will have to do, I lost the password to the version without the _ 
This wind outside is no joke! Doctor's office still hasn't called  don't know what to tell my boss
Why do people have to lie and cheat when selling online? I feel so used. 
Why do people have to lie??. Iam not in a good mood. 
why do people have to poop? it so gross, and I just hate it!  fml!
Why do people insist on ringing my doorbell at 4am on Saturday mornings? This is not the first time. It's so obnoxious. I'm tired. 
Why do people keep following me and then randomly stop?  It makes me sad!
Why do people leave objects in the middle of the floor juss waiting for me to trip over them? My knee hurts. 
Why do people need to cut they grass  *snuffle*
Why do people step away and get afraid when love is always standing right in front of their face? ..  JM?
Why do people still use #MSN Messenger? It's such a pile of crap! It annoys me that I have to keep my account because they won't change 
why do people suggest photos for feature that I clearly stated I didn't take. 
why do people talk shit when i have a headache? i swear, they dont talk for ages and as soon as my head hurts it blahblahblah. stfu! 
why do people talk shit when i have a headache? i swear, they dont talk for ages and as soon as my head hurts its blahblahblah. stfu! 
Why do people text me at this time when they know I'm asleep  ... Sigh!
Why do people think its okay to take out their jewelry to clean new piercings 
WHY DO PORN STARS KEEP FOLLOWING ME ON TWITTER. all i talk about is food, always a victim concept 
why do ppl hate on kevin? hes just as amazing as joe and nick, its not fair. i lvoe kevin. hes amazing! 
Why do relatives want to show their affection by inviting home for lunch, that too when they are 25-30 kms away in blore!! sunday is gone 
Why do Revolution's 2-4-1 vouchers only last until 9? We're never out before 9!  And it's so ruddy expensive.
Why do some chicks come outside with scarfs and pajamas on?  it hurts my feelings.
why do some I follow promise me exactly 16000 followers every time , especially when they have less than 1000 
why do some of the hardest days also have to be some of the longest? 
Why Do Some People Hate Me .. Ox  It makes me sad .. 
why do some people have to be so hard to get along with. I dont understand why the cant just be nice 
why do some ppl like to put other ppl down?!! so sad... 
why do stupid storms always have to wake me up? 
Why do sum lasses say they love you when they seriusly don't 
Why do tennis matches have to be this early?! I just want to sleep. 
why do the good ones always have to die? thats so unfair 
why do the good ones get taken too soon? 
Why do the mosquitoes love me so much? I didn't do anything to them!! I just arrived 5 minutes ago and already have 3 mosquito bites... 
why do the pittsburgh penguins like to upset me so much   
Why do the senators have a twitter? God Damn this thing is going down hill. 
This withdrawl is horrible and I'm so tired 
This workout bout to hit me n the morn... Body gn b sore 
this workout regimen is taking its toll on me...i'm sore from head to toe!  oh and i'm not liking this 8-5:30 work schedule 
this workweek are very hard 
This world does not need more scary games 
this world is comedy for the ones that think and tragedy for the ones that feel. 
This world makes me sad 
this would be my life 
This would seriously help if he had a mobile. 
This wud b the 1st tym in ma life wen even b4 d weekend starts I wud b waiting for Monday! 
this yahoomail messenger thing is killing me softly. no, i don't want to chat, people on my yahoo list. i just want to check my e-mail. 
this yea will be the worst birthday ever, i have 3 exams on it and i have to wake up at 9 and come home at 6. happy bday to me 
This year has been such a sad year.  no institute tonight  poor marty
this year has gone super quick! 
This year's biggest upsets: Adam Lambert and Susan Boyle 
this year's father's day cds appear to presume your dad is a massive metal head. twee dads will be uncatered for 
thisz wy I dont like goin2malls on wiken 
Thiz shi d0nt make no damn sense 
Thk god it's Friday...sore throat tht won't go away 
thnks for FF and such.. never on friday  so follow saturday then !!!
Why do the sporting Gods hate me so? 
Why do these people insist on giving me assignments? I know they see my book on the table. I have more interesting stuff to be doing 
why do they all find my ugly dolls so scarey...two small children just left the shop in flodds 
Why do they always find something else wrong? 
Why do they always take us to mcdonald`s? I`m sick of mcdonald`s!! 
Why do they cancel the good good shows but keep renewing crap ones? I want more Sarah Connor Chronicles 
Why do they get so big?! Yuck yuck I hate bug bites.  http://twitgoo.com/tutu
Why do things ALWAYS break at home when I'm on the road???  Wife called about lawn sprinkler system leak 
Why do things ALWAYS happen on the same date/time... ugh! Need to clone self to attend all these great events 
Why do things cost so much.  &amp;why do all the plans happen to be in JUNE. having no money SUCKS!  pretty much everything is suckish atm.
Why do things have to cost money 
Why do twitter spammers hate guys so much? I all of the ones I blocked so far were only female 
Why do two of my good friends have to get married on the same day? its not fair 
Why do u always want what u can't have? 
Why do us girls have to go back to stupid boys!  ahh fuck me!&lt;/3
Why do we feel so lonely sometimes even when we have lots of people around??? 
Why do we fill the vast void of the internet with words when they'll never be a lasting testament to who we are? everything changes.hmmph 
Why do we have so much work to do. It's Saturday! 
why do we have to go to school 
Why do we have to say goodbye??? Keisi come back!!!! 
why do we like to hurt so much? 
why do we make judgements based on initial appearances? It sucks when u r on the receiving end  Pls. don't do this to others.
Why do we spend so much money on a holiday this summer, when we can spend them on ha trip to LA next year...? 
Why do Wednesdays always come so fast? Wednesday = PE = total disgrace.  Help me......
Why do weekends always seem to be on fast forward???  x
Why do weekends have to go so quickly yet the rest of the week usually drags 
Why do women wear revealing out fits then look at you to say WHAT!!!! WTF cover up then and i wornt fcuking look at your tits 
Why do you always do this to me?? 
Why do you feel the need to tell girls how anti commitment you are? I remember that you are all too clearly  ...feeling alone...
Why do you hate me? 
Why do you keep making me feel like this 
why do you make me feel like shit? 
Why do you still thwart me, flickr? @cufa - I've tried adding you as a contact, but it won't work. Can't comment on photos either 
thnx to the swine flu..classes at my college were suspended..1 week vacati0n! haha..g0nna mis 1-DAC.. 
Tho I'll bet sum smart-arse GaelgÃ³ir is gonna correct my spelling/grammer 
Thomas fell of the face of the earth 
thomas thompson is the most random guy i've ever met. sad he's gone... again  back to his boyfriend in canberra i think
Thoroughly enjoyed Spring Awakening today! truely incredible production,shame it's closing  i wish every cast member luck in the future.
Those cards make me wish I had a dad, and not just a father. 
Those cool shoes i wanted were outta stock  Tho im getting them nxt week 
Those lyrics describe who I feel about the person sitting next to me in the car. He doesn't love me back 
those mean onions made ando cry 
Those of you that know me, say a prayer for my Dad, his heart is broken...  
those old memories. And ahh...  dang FIRST TIME again. I'm about to throw my stupid ipod. This song messes me up....  i want to cry ev ...
Those page 3 girls will be so embarrassed when they see they forgot to put clothes on 
Those parents on Worlds Strictest Parents aren't bad at all. It's those kids that make it bad. Blah I miss home. Tired and alone. 
those poor kids 
those poor passengers that are lost on the A330 Air France plane...  
Those poor people on the missing plane  Hazelnut coffee and Bravo mmm
those poor souls on that Air France flight 
Those stupid hissing ducks appeared again and started chasing me. I hate those things.  http://tinyurl.com/qslc5c
Those that park in the top car park all day should be kicked out. Nowhere for visitors to park 
those two posts were so @oliffia, but she is on holiday,  misses.
Those V Dubs were a failure 
Those who have had shows cancelled, how long b4 this horrible feeling goes away?? 
Those who voted bnp, did u  read their 54 page maifesto? If u did and still voted, suggest you give north Korea a try! If not shame on u 
Thosewere my plansfor the day. What todo now? 
Thot I'd sit in the garden to watch the stars &amp; light some candles. Bloody neighbors have spoiled it! They always have to be heard 
Thou art effing cooking to death 
though i forgot my celery 
Though its sleep I need a nap is all I get 
Though they really ruin the tv version with the editing. Coming up next is the notecard scene and they always edit the crap out of it 
though this might not come from me very often, but i miss you quite terribly. 
Though you are never tweeting, I miss you already @OmarStix04! 
Though, I can no longer find the Vintage Sorry/Sorry Library Edition game, whatever it's called. 
Thought a day off school would be funner... 
thought everything was good again 
Thought for a moment that my chest pain was gone. But I was wrong 
thought for the day: don't expect too much!! 
Thought for the day: Girls suck sometimes! 
thought HBP-tickets got released yesterday... but it wasn't. fucking killed me.  
thought i could fly. I was wrong  lol haha http://twitpic.com/7o1q9
thought I could make it to the gas station on that tire.  Sadly, I could not. 
Thought I found the ideal #HTPC with the Acer Aspire #Revo, but why oh why did they not include digital audio out.. no deal I'm afraid 
Thought I got an obscenely good bargain on Photoshop, then discovered it was an Upgrade 
thought i had all my website working...but i dont  dammit!
Thought I had gotten away with any damage when I dropped the MBP the other day, but no. Metal surrounding the latch has buckled a little 
Thought I had knocked out a good chunk of my emails. Then realized I have a whole other inbox that is still overflowing. 
Thought I hit the button on Flickr uploader before I left this AM...something must have been clogging the tubes as I see no pic up there. 
tug boat's coming! tug boat's coming!  he's going offshore very very soon!  one week is the longest he's been offshore. *cries*
Tuition at 2  So much for enjoying the hols! Life sucks!
Tuition at 8 in the early morning and i m still here, my room's super messy. oh manz 
Tum is very unhappy this morning (&amp; it's definitely not a hangover, either). I'd call in sick to work except Heidi needs a ride home. 
tumblarity - miÃ©rt esik a tumblarity-m?? ( a mai napon 215-rÅ‘l 165-re? )  http://tumblr.com/xjs25dzu4
tumbling.  i almost landed an arial
Tumblr can't import RSS feeds from Flickr tags. 
Tummay ache  and my knee like popped. hurts now :/
Tummay eche  really considering just going back to sleep...seems like the best plan...
Tummy ache   Addi jut screamed bloody murder!....I think my ears are bleeding tomorrow
Tummy ache .... Not good 
Tummy acheee. stupid pizza buffet, i hate you. 
tummy hurts 
Tummy hurts  cant sleep.
Tummy hurts  idk why....
Tummy hurts  suprisingly my bathroom floor is fairly comfortable to lay on for a long period of time!
tummy hurts  think im getting nervous about working tomorrow..having to stuff envelopes again shit..that aint in my job description 
Tummy hurts  too much super cake
tummy hurts! 
tummy hurts. 
Tummy hurts.  pobre..
tummy hurts. ate too much chocolate 
tummy hurts. i want my 176 soft toy...... 
Tummy hurty... Fix it 
Tummy huuuurts  owowow. I kinda wanna move my room around... Hmmm!
Tummy is growling, tired, and my hair is still rolled in a bun cuz I'm running behind 
Tummy is out of wack!   
tummy is upset  i hate that
tummy not happy today..must be from what i've eaten over the weekend. 
Tummy refusing to behave itself tonight. Agony. 
tummy-ache 
Tummyache  It HAD to be that subway I ate last night.
Tummy's been uncomfortable all day. 
Tummy's so upset. Wish I could have a Sprite 
Tuna on its way to being wiped out by 2012   http://bit.ly/N0MiV
Tune in for Farrah's Story Fri 9/8c on nbc. Pray that she stays alive long enough to watch it air  Cancer sucks !!!!
Thought I might have a leisurely lunch with Russell Brand's booy wook - but looks like I will be working through  
Thought I saw @10marion at cadbury world today, but it wasn't him  NOT FAIR
Thought I saw @10omarion at cadbury world today  but I didn't. NOT FAIR
Thought i saw the a-trak van, turns out its the Alcohol- TEAM van. 
Thought I sent my husband to work with chicken strips found in the freezer... turns out they were really biscuit dough scraps!   
thought i sent some pics to twitpics, but i don't think i did it right 
Thought I took 1 step ahead but I took 2 back  damn. I lost.
thought i was doing a good thing baking cookies this afternoon but then like a bunch of kids hubby &amp; i ate too many and ruined our dinner 
Thought I was feelin better but I quess I was wrong lying dwn....uggghhhh I hate being sick 
Thought I was getting somewhere with fixing Scooter but forum chappie hs jst thrown spanner in works &amp; cast doubt on problem fix.Cer-rap! 
thought i was having a good day, then it went downhill.  mistaken &quot;look&quot;. I'm very expressive and a face i made was taken the wrong way 
thought i was helping! guess not  not even hubby knew! god bless!
thought I was making some progress with the cleaning up thing...maybe not so much...trying not to get discouraged...  
Thought I would upload a new image to my profile, then found out twitter is having probs with this service, so now i have no image 
thought id check twitter. but i wont be on properly for a while yet. gahh. i do miss twitter these days lol! 
thought I'd sleep good with the rain &amp; thunder, but I'm way tired this a.m. and am wishing I was at home to go back to bed 
Thought I'd watch secret millionaire until I can watch the apprentice but it's a repeat  I've watched this one before! x
Thought if actually had a night in tonight but now a possible night alone 
Thought it might be someone good to hand out citizenship but looks like its Anna Bligh 
Thought it might just be my laptop but my G1 also wouldn't work until I disabled wifi. @tmobileusa thanks for removing tethering apps 
Thought it was later then it really.   Was thinking that it's somewhere around 3 in the morning, but it's only 1:45.     Why am I tired!
Thought it would be fun to go  to the bar last night. Really didn't expect my coat with my car &amp; house keys in the pocket to be stolen 
Thought Kerrang radio was supposed to be good. They just played Hoosiers followed by Bryan Adams. Jeez 
thought maybe we could catch a rodeo this weekend while on tour ... i was wrong 
thought neck was getting better but no its still the same 
Thought running water was supposed to be calming &amp; relaxing ... apparently a hole in the guttering doesn't have that effect. 
why do you take both sets of car keys!! gah! why!! 
Why does #googledocs do folders, instead of labels like #gmail? I kind of like labels 
Why does @ABCiView take so long to open? Latency (stupid)! Lots of little requests take longer than one big one. Cache resistant too 
Why does @Adium 1.3.3 keep crashing unexpectedly? 1.3.4 Beta worked fine, but can't use the TwitterIM plugin. Very sad. 
Why does @ButtercupD not reply to me? 
why does @mileycyrus have to make my life so depressing! 
Why does a 66-year old need to give birth to a baby? http://tinyurl.com/nxqfj9 There are so many foster children in need of good homes. 
Why does all good things come to an end! The Tonight Show with Jay Leno is history now. 
Why does all this time have to hurt soooo much 
why does angel have to show her tits everyday  #bb10
Why does any who I follow and message ignore me!??!!??! Great, i feel like crap, going bed 
Why does Australia &amp; I have to wait until 18th June for IPhone OS 3.0  #notfair http://bit.ly/u4VVG
why does bad crap happen to good people,and they think they're to blame because of it 
why does bbci player hate me, its my only way to watch my programmes 
why does beer have so many calories 
Why does Brazil always have the most horrendous plane crashes? 
Why does Bri'tney F*ck ' Vids keep following me?!! I already blocked him/her or whatever!! HELP! Does this user have tons of accounts?! 
Why does dinner have to be the smallest portion when it is the most delicious meal of the day? 
why does electronic stuff refuse to work around me....computers, phones,tv's etc. even my car's left indicator has given up on me!!!!!.. 
why does everyone call me when i'm sleeping? 
Why does everyone fall asleep before me? Its not fair. 
Why does everyone get rain apart from me? Not fair 
Why does everyone have to be gay lately  where all the straight sexy people at.
why does everyone say christofer is a jerk! he's nice 
Why does everything have to be so expensive  looks like I'll have to do it the hard way...
Why does everything have to change when it's going good? I hate my stinkin' life right now 
why does everything i have around here gets eaten? 
why does everything in my life fail? i feel like eating ice cream and crying 
Why does everything remind me of what I'm trying so hard not to think about? An old eye exam bill... Wow. 
Why does exam week have to be so.. Sunny?! It's unfair to be stuck inside studying instead of outside    -Gracie
Why does flying take so much out of me?  so wanna crawl back into bed!!
Why does Harrison have to be a slacking senior - now I'm prom dateless 
Why does hayfever always play up at night 
why does hayfever have to exist 
why does he hate me?? now after 7 years??? huh? what have i done?? 
why does he have to be so damn cute.... 
why does IE have to be always a big problem 
why does it always have to b complicated for me????  x
why does it always have to be an uphill battle? looks like no amount of artillery can level the field 
Why does it always have to rain on holidays 
Why does it ALWAYS rain in England even when its supposed to be Summer? 
why does it bother me so much  and why do i care?
why does it cost so much to go across the world? i wish i had lots of money, i want to go to new zealand and see katie-lee, i miss her 
Why does it feel like it's 10 pm at 7?! I have a head ache..  
Why does it feel like this summer's gonna be boring??  
why does it have to be 95-100 degrees again?? 
why does it have to be so cold at work? it's like 23 degrees in the stupid break room 
why does it have to be soo cold 
Why does it have to be Sunday already?  I don't wanna go to work 
Why does it have to be Sunday already??II 
Why does it have to be windy when i'm heading out tonight 
why does it have to freakin rain today  ahhhhhhh!! now idk what to wear
Why does it have to rain 
why does it have to rain during summer 
Why does it have to rain on my birthday 
Why does it have to rain on our last day of vacation? 
why does it have to rain when I don't have the car?? 
why does it have to rain? Whyyy  :@
why does it keep raining so much? 
Why does it look like it's going to rain? 
Why does it never work out how I want? 
why does it randomly hangup on me? 
why does it say I have 4 followers when it only shows 2 that makes me sad 
why does it says that I'm following 9 when I'm only following 4? 
Why does it seem like I am TRYING to worry about stuff?!? 
Why does it take ages to break in a new pair of Converse?  My poor feet
why does it take me so long to check in? It adds about another 20 mins of faffing around to all my tasks. 
Why does it take so long for the hibbi to get ready in the morning......... 
Why does it take so long to go through one lecture which only took 52 mins to give?! and it's sunny outside. Someone is mocking me 
why does life hate me? grumpy parents? check. not being able to see the greatest band in the world at warped tour? checkcheckaaandcheck. 
Tunnel last night...total funtimes! Feeling a bit fuzzy today tho 
Tunnels would be my newest and worst fear 
TURINING POINT WAS LIIIVVVEEEE  SO JEALOUS IM NOT AT BIG WEEKEND  &lt;3
Turkish Grand Prix Formula 1, Friday a rather complicated day for Ferrari    Damn! http://bit.ly/tXUUY
Turn off the thunder 
Turn right - such a sad song 
Turned down for a bank account and a credit card in two days. Welcome to bankruptcy 
turned in my application at gatti's, but not the health and fitness center. 
turned off the lights and my mind went crazy contemplative. Can't sleep. I have too many profound issues to ponder 
Turned off the power while I worked on the ceiling. Screwed up the time on my alarm clock. Went to bed way later than I thought  Tired now
turned on the tv and came to the sad conclusion that both of the playoffs are over 
turned out that my throat and stomach can't stand 2 nights of karaoke in a row... 
Turned out the light in the mens room and heard someone yell &quot;hey!?&quot; inside. Was too embarassed to go back. 
Turned out to be an alright night. Only been awake for 9 hours though so I'm not tired at all 
Turned the A/C down to 60 but it's still hot.  
turning 23 oh my god  Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile
why does life have to be filled with so much confusion? 
why does lillie decide 1 am is a good time to wake me up? 
Why does love have to be so difficult... the first time i fall in love... i feel like its a one way road to heartbreak... 
Why does meatloaf take so long to cook? If jeni were around she'd blame the communists 
Why does miley keep hanging up on interviews.What the Kidd people where saying about her when she hung up was mean 
Why does Millions of Milkshakes be so far 
why does modem broadband have content lock a cant get on 2 youtube or bebo 
Why does MS hate canada 
why does my @jonburgerman toy keep falling over  stupid toy 
Why does my back ache so?! 
Why does my blanket smell like Lawrence Hall? 
Why does my boss have to come in today..... 
why does my brain decide to work now!  its soooo not fair!
Why does my counselor at work keep leaving? (Bonnie? Silence). Here comes #4. I never get the counselor lunches  right b4 reviews too.
WHY DOES MY COUSIN PICK TODAY TO NOT TURN UP EARLY 
Why does my hairbrush always go missing right when I need to use it 
Why does my head hurt THIS bad?? 
why does my job hate me? actually why do they love me and schedule me so much? 10-5  I'm miserable already.
why does my life suck so much?? 
Why does my Macbook hate me so much 
Why does my mom have to destroy my life? Home now. 
why does my neck still fkin hurt 
Why does my pain cause so much pain? 
why does my stomach hurt so much? 
Why does my twitt pic not work 
Why does my wife like the Bachelorette so much? 
Why does Natural Born Killers have to be on so late tonight? 
Why does no one ever answer me  I'm havin an awful day...I guess it was abt time...its been awhile
Why does no one in the Philly area have a glockenspiel for sale??? 
why does no one like bionic commando online? I love it more then any other multiplayer and no one wants to play. 
Why does no one want to hire little ol' me  I wanna job DAMMIT!!  Anywayz...how is everyone??
Why does nobody smile on the vegas strip? Its the town of the frown 
Why does noone care about Taylor??  its all Robert Pattenson this and Robert Pattenson that. I don't even like Rob while Taylor is my hero
why does noone reply to me 
Why does our PS3 hate us? 
Why does raisin toast burn so much faster than normal toast 
why does school have to be so difficualt 
why does she hate me if i never did anything to her 
Why does Starbucks come out with Frappuccino icecream just as I'm starting a diet?  Murphy's Law, thats why 
Why does stuff like this happen to me?  ick. Shit like This is a big part of why I give up on mens.
Turning down a party offer. What am I thinking? I'm getting old. 
turning in.  it's been a loooong day.  just got my new US edition Esquire so going to fantasize that I could one day look like Megan Fox. 
turning laptop of. i'm scared  poor baby.
Turning my heater on by my desk.  
Turning my license in  I'm going to be lost without it. How will I survive the summer?!?
Turning off my phone its about to die 
Turning off my phone, the vibrations scare Toby. 
Turning off the phone now 
Turns out &quot;Gulf Machinery&quot; had been robbed of its checks and Mr. Goodluck has been scamming the whole US!!! rrrrrrr 
turns out AAA lots our &quot;request&quot; and my dad has been waiting for an hour and a half. he'll wait ANOTER hour now. 
Turns out due to employee issues I have to work today...sadness 
turns out had pierced through an artery    they could actully see it  had to get a needle and stiches   its... http://tinyurl.com/o7bqj5
Turns out I can't spell Protein... 
Turns out I did love la   http://twitpic.com/6b5jh
turns out i didn't need to do all that alg revision last night. what time wasted.  lots of work to be done tonight! it sucks.
Turns out I had to work today. Oh joy. 3:30 to 9 
Turns out I have to pay extra for a 3GS  Still got to use one though, much faster, camera isn't much better, compass is the best feature!
turns out I have to sweep the garden to earn my bounty! 
Turns out I havn't shaved for at least a week. Im so lazy for some reason 
Turns out I should stick to recipes 
turns out i'm allergic to something in japanese curry 
Turns out I'm going to have a nephew. I really wanted to buy pretty dresses 
Turns out my Actionsampler has some film in it! Which I found out by opening the back  May be some interesting light leaks now...
Turns out my host I use for WWJ wrecked their nameservers, so no-ones website are working anymore. 
Why does sunscreen always end up in my eyes?   http://myloc.me/4Fku
Why does swimming dry out my skin so bad? 
Why does that part in Sex and the City the Movie always make me cry... 
Why does the BBC toy with the Americans, showing wonderful full episodes of TopGear  available to THEM to watch, not us... 
Why does the City of Yarra Library website stop working so often? 
Why does the combination of ZoomText and iTunes make my computer slow to a crawl? Didn't used to... 
Why does the cool stuff that Microsoft does never get publicity, while the gawd-awful stuff is front and centre 
Why does the girl tell me to try two pairs  of trainers on? I always end up getting both 
Why does the gym have to close at 9pm?  I only had half a work out  Working, busy mom's like me only get to gym at 20:30!
Why does the Internet always fail on a Sunday afternoon ? Now I'll actually have to do something 
Why does the internet hate me so? 
why does the iPod Touch OS 3.0 have to cost $10 
why does the lake have to be all crappy over on my side?! really one nice day and it's ruined  hmm...but still hanging out with the aw ...
why does the mall have to close at 6 on sundays? 
Why does the mall have to close at 6? 
Why does the nine grain wheat bread at subway always feel stale 
Why does the Sims 3 have to come out the first week of school? I'm not going to be able to play it until Friday 
Why does the time go by too quickly when Im twittering I really should be doing mumsy things 
why does the weather have to be so yuckyyy 
why does the weather have to be SUPER NICE when today i just can't be outdoors to enjoy the sun? 
Why does the weekend have to end so soon 
Why does the WHOLE house get into a mess when one room is being done ?? I hate it 
why does there always have to be so much drama..... it follows me!!!!! ugh 
Why does this airport not have wifi? 
why does this always happen 2 me :| :| 
why does this always happen. maybe he rly thinks i am going to wait for him and that by flirting with me i will...  ugh why do i love him?
Why does this have to be so confusing? 
why does this kind of shit have to suck so fucking much  
why does this s**t not work 
Why does this wootoff suck 
Why does this year cost soo much.     might see me working the corner soon Lol and I'm not tell drugs
why does time go in reverse when at work 
Why does Time of Your Life always come on when I start feeling ugh? My face hurts.  
Why does toby look like he is in pain while singing &quot;God Love Her&quot;?  ilytoby!!
Why does Todd ignore me when I text him but he'll text his friends? That makes me feel special, let me tell ya. 
why does trying to eat healthy make me so hungry!!! 
Why does twitter give me so much heartache wen I want to change my pic does anyone else have that problem?!? 
turns out Psychoville was anything but great. Disappointing-felt like an episode of Murder Most Horrid from 10 years ago 
turns out that flush and fill took longer than expected, r/d meeting, then dinner with fam... *sigh* batting cages will have to wait 
turns out that the recent increase in blushing covers not only my face, but also shoulders and chest.  Even my cleavage looks embarassed 
Turns out the high cost of coaching isn't all the volunteer hours or having to stand in the rain but missing chance to golf with family 
Turns out the pink spots on my body are vasculitis! Ooh er. Will prob have to stop the arthritis meds 
turns out today's not that bad. i played with @mrs_ricky puppies! ohh too cute, i want one 
Turns out we thought we were getting here befor the lunch rush but no.... They open at 12 
Turns out wearing giant chocolate buttons as monocles isn't a great idea - i got chocolate all over my face 
Turns out, furiously reloading the tracking page on FedEx.com does not expedite your package. In other news, I leave for EWR a/p in 3 hrs 
Turns out... I'm still gonna have driving sessions for the rest of my summer until the 21st. This is so tiring. 
Tut'Corsa O'Doom aka The Tonk has been sold...  Bloody loved that car
TV died - I'll  have to watch the lost season finale on my computer monitor 
TV doesn't get good til 5 
TV legend Ed McMahon dies at age 86 - so sad!  http://bit.ly/lAKus via @eonline
tv program is real bad 
TV seasons are ending   I'll be watching True Blood S2. Any suggestions for shows I might have missed to keep me going through the summer?
TV sometimes makes me sad.  
Tv sucks tonight 
TVR now has a 12 inch crack in the windscreen - must phone glass co.! 
twaikus on twitter / posting in five - seven - five / not a new idea 
'twas a sad day for me  at least i hit the bar upp tn.
Twassed. Want to be checking on @samantharonson and all that jazz but sadly bed is more appealing - oap alert 
Why does updating take soo long... 
Why does Urban Outfitters taunt me with amazing clothing that's way too expensive. 
why does Vista complicate the seemingly simple task of extracting files? 
why does work put me in a bad mood 
Why doesn't @fountain1987 ever reply back to me! 
why doesnt @que_day26 get on twitter anymore 
why doesn't any of me gwood fwens on twitter? 
Why doesn't anyone reply to me on Twitter anymore?  I'm sad 
why doesnt anyone talk to me anymore?   
why doesnt anyone txt  me  except angela. &gt;.&gt; lol
Why doesn't anyone wanna watch a movie. I need to find someone who enjoys 4 dollar tuesdays movies at woodbine. 
Why doesn't anyone want to go see Up with me when it comes out?!  Grrr.  This is how I missed out on Bolt for so long!  
why doesnt anyone want to have dinner with me? 
WHY DOESNT CHIPOLTLE DELIVER...I MISS MY CAR...mannnnnnnnn. 
why doesn't family channel of  &quot;Jonas&quot; yet...?? 
Why doesnt itunes work on a Zen MP3 player?! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR My son got a gift card and it wont work 
why doesnt jacknthebox in bakersfield have the mini sirloin burgers?? this upsets me... 
why doesn't james text me back? 
Why doesnt joe sing in anything  no affence nick but ur stealing the spotlight with guitar and singing !
Why doesn't life come with a reset button? Or even a rewind? Ugh 
Why doesn't my college website work with f'ing safari or firefox ugh!  I need to sign up for my geol lab there is only 2 spots left ;|
Why doesn't my son speak like in our home, when he's in the therapist speacher? 
Why doesn't she want me 
Why doesn't somebody publish Rahat Indori's poetry in Devanagari? 
Why doesn't the rap group Atmosphere have a Twitter acct? 
Why don't @jonasbrothers ever tweet 
Why don't I ever feel rested?? I'm so exhausted ALL the time!  
why don't i feel better?? 
Why don't I get to go everywhere you go. I'm a sad Indy.  
why don't i have a puppy? 
Why don't I learn? Charles &amp; Keith shoes wreak havoc on my feet! Note to self - Stop buying them, no matter how cheap they are 
why don't i tan?? 
Why don't I win an iphone  bleh #squarespace
Why don't more people follow me because I am @egspoonyks sister 
Why don't more people have Twitter!!  myspace &amp; facebook are lame.. BTW- Myspace: www.myspace.com/bk_brooke
Why don't ppl like participating in simple contests to win free stuff? Do I need to increase the value of the prize? 3Gs not in budget. 
Why don't Singapore launch L4D 2 earlier? I don't wish to wait till november. 
why don't Starbucks deliver to my house? 
why dont tweets go to my phone? 
Tweeeeeeterdetweeeet @ Work....... sooooo busy @ the moment, 1 week school left with two presentations 
Tweeples of twitterville! I cannot sleep  I read 200 pages in one sitting.
Tweeps is all gone... kittie is considering hanging up her party hat.... don't want to... 
Tweeps, I was try to sleep but I caant huhuhu insomnia is killing me  http://myloc.me/5d7H
tweet back later the kettle is callin 2 make me a cup of tea N since i am dying of thirst why not..damn queen bday still means no AFG  lol
Tweet Deck or not for iPhone.. I miss Twitteriffic.. 
Tweet grade = F.  Guess I didn't study hard enough... 
Tweet tweet  now I'm a sad bird haha
Tweet tweet donk! Into the window 
tweet tweet so Hurley merchandise at Stoked, Inc. in Mall of Asia...but why does it have to be so damn expensive! 
Why don't we get NBA playofss coverage in the UK? C4 did it years ago, then Five US did it. But now no Basketball for me 
why dont we have cool mylar/foil balloons? 
why dont you find your own style? your own trademark? rather than following people's its kinda annoying 
Why driving in Minnesota is hard: I can't call my daddy--who could draw an accurate map of the tristate area roads--for backup. 
Why everyone get haircut on friday am here all week but everyone come down on friday I need a break 
why for blizzcon is the same week as gencon? no can afford both 
Why good morning all!! Today is here horay! Off to Alton Towers - i dont want to go on one of the rides im scared just thinking about it 
why has it got to be sooooo long until modern warefar 2 comes out 
Why has my i-tunes ceased working?? I was in the middle of loading No Doubt's singles collection on my i-pod 
Why has no one been on WoW all day? 
Why has putting gas in my car gotten so expensive? 
Why has the sciatic discomfort chosen to return just as I'm about to try and get to bed? Got to be up at 8.45am!! 
Why has the weekend gone so fast? 
Why hasn't Deadmau5 Made it onto Twitter Yet ??  
why hasn't my @jonasbrothers album come yet!! its out today here and i pre-ordered it!! 
Why hasnt my background showed up! 
why hasnt newcastle been on britains got talent yet?  I WANNAAA SEEEE IT!
why hasn't stephen dry replyed to me 
Why have I got old - while fellow Okie @Reba hasn't - We're the same age at the moment. 
why haven't i seen drake's new video? 
Why haven't my freckles joined together yet  #fb
Why head do you hurt? I'm soo good to you! 
WHY I AM EATING SALT AND VINEGAR CRISPS? i don't even like them 
Why I am so upset about this? I knew it was bound to happen..still, I can't stop crying 
why i can`t find dear friend  i need her to tweet with me ! help me people !
WHY I CANNOT SIGN IN MSN 
Why I can't be the best? 
why i can't fly with him (?  ?
Why i can't send DM from phone..I want do that. 
why I didn't find anybody 
why I didnt read KUNDU b4?? 
why I feel so weak???   I hope to be alive by the end of this master...
Why I have no luck? why I took a photo with the jonas?why I do not have the autograph them? 
why I love so much, why your make me smile all the time? why your so special but i cant have u  ? I got scared to try.
Tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet from my phone!! I miss @shaketramp ! I'm still really sorry!!! 
tweet tweet tweet. i wish ashley was still here. time to get ready 
Tweet tweet! Nisha's not going to school tomorrow 
Tweet tweet!A new sunny day!On my way to the usual spot...WORK!It's Wednesday already,but during the weekend I'm working 
TWEET! #imonaboat:-&gt; @mandyva I'm on a boat bitch!!! I miss the boat  http://ow.ly/a9jp
tweet. i wish i could go back to the good ol' days of digimon, pokemon, and powe rangers. 
Tweet4Today: &quot;Have a limbo party while you are still supple enough to get under that bar&quot; .... Still??? 
tweetdeck can't detect my chinese and japanese fonts  &gt;_&lt; zannen!
Tweetdeck cost me 100MB of RAM, while Destroytwitter cost me 50MB of RAM. Silly Air platform! 
Tweetdeck doesn't like unicode. 
TweetDeck doesn't support Chinese... at all. 
Tweetdeck for iphone doesn't have facebook link. 
Tweetdeck for iPhone doesn't support Landscape Keyboard yet 
TweetDeck for iPhone hangs... Can't keep up with my speed. 
TweetDeck for iPhone is indeed very cool but I guess I'm getting old cause I need my specs to read the small text! Too bad 
TweetDeck for iPhone is nice, but it won't let me create a TweetDeck account for sync with desktop app 
Tweetdeck for iPhone keeps crashing on me for no apparent reason 
TweetDeck for iPhone lets you register  (for syncing) with less than 7 character password but then desktop won't accept less than 7 
why I miss you so much..?  http://myloc.me/4ETm
Why I only see direct messages on my public timeline and NOT in Direct Messages window??? 
why i still lose followers?  the people hates me, THE WORLD hates me or maybe ... Read More: http://is.gd/Jg3I
why is #iLounge always so damn slow?! 
why is @brelinkeels not following me 
why is @dannymcfly heartbreakingly handsome lately. I envy the argentinians! They get to kiss him at Congo bar. 
Why is @originalop nt answerin my txt and calls im so sad 
Why is @selenagomez only nominated for ONE TCA?! She deserves more!! Including nominations for WOWP and Another Cinderella Story! 
why is @szenobi not online anymore? we were supposed to ichat 
Why is 8*800mtrs @ 6:19  pace harder than a 22 mile? 
why is bacon soo salty?? my gums are hurting 
why is bender being so mean 
Why is buying a house so little fun 
WHY IS CAIRON GONE? WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME  I didn't want Halfwit to get evicted either, but I mean COME ON.
Why is everybody starting to turn their pictures green? If 3 more people do it, I'm going to too. Cos I don't want to feel left out.. 
Why is everyone anti-tiffini?  blahhh.
why is everyone being a total dbag today?? 
Why is everyone going green - last time everyone went green it was for Thalon 
why is everyone going to bambozzllleeeeee! i wanna go tooo! 
Why is everyone going where I wanted to go?! Eff, I just jinxed the break of Sad Monday. It is now so back on. 
why is everyone graduating and getting married?!    stop that!
Why is everyone having a BBQ apart from me??  not fair.
Why is everyone leaving early today? I want to go too, but can't 
why is everyone leaving!?!?! 
Why is everyone not online 
Why is everyone sad today? This includes me. I need to dance. 
why is everyone saying Diversity won? won what? my summer is gonna be the worst one yet  going away with people i hardly see!
Why is everyone sick except me 
WHY IS EVERYONE SLEEPING 
Why is everyone so quiet tonight? 
why is everyone talking about food ! I havent eaten and Im not allowed to eat so sssssh 
Why is everyone texting me soo early 
Why is everyone turning green?  @repressd @alexcouey @scott_nicholson @matthewpetro @dorritos @karleemay
Tweetdeck for my PC rocks but it just keeps crashing for my iPhone  #fail
TweetDeck for the iPhone occasionally crashes on me. 
tweetdeck fucked up on me and i had to readjust the colors on it and i cant remember exactly how i had it before 
Tweetdeck has been crashing at least once an hour ever since I updated to 0.26.  @TweetDeck
