Ready now! Early today, got the dentist at 3 
Ready to be done with work...  just wanna go back to my regular schedule... But noooooooooo...
Ready to buy a 22inch samsung display 4 the MacBook 4work. But the iStore NEVER has the cable u need to make the magic happen 
ready to colapse of too much busy-ness and heat 
Ready to get back to the &quot;Real&quot; world. No more bedrest, no more stitches...no more excuses to be lazy 
Ready to get my fucking blink-182 ticket! Cant find them for sale anywhere yet tho 
ReAdY tO gEt OuTa HeRe, OnlY 7 mOrE hOuRs To Go 
Ready to go home 
Ready to go home and relax.. Even though i have alot of laundry to put away.. 
ready to go home so i can go to sleep. only slept for 2hrs &amp; had to get up @ 5 for work @ 7 
ready to go home... still have 20 mins left at work 
ready to go home...tired of the gym...24 more minutes on the bike 
Ready to go to bed 
ready to go to parties 
Ready to go to work... 
Ready to jump out the window...been on the inside all day! This is not the meaning of outside sales job 
Ready to leave, but cloudy weather for tomorrow  http://post.ly/szw
Ready to make up with my boo!!!    I love his big ego!!! He talk like this 'cause he can back it up!!!
Ready to murder my TV...I hate digital 
ready to see the trailer for New Moon!!!!!!!!! but i gotta work  thank god for the internet!
Ready to sleep and I took a nap today! I'm old! 
Ready to watch the football, just ordered a full English breakfast? In some pain - fallen off bike! 
Ready, steady, GO - off to bed...wish I'd remembered to post my Daddy's Day card 
'Ready2Move?' Video Contest is officially over!  Winners will be announced in a couple days, thanks to everyone who participated!!
Real feel temp when I left my house: 39. 
'Real Genius' house of overflowing popcorn myth busted  (http://hollywooddatabase.com/node/7076)
Real gullywasher in downtown #Gainesville. Always hate to see all that runoff going into Hogtown Creek. Sheet flow = 
Real heartwarming. Thats what the cheap wine last opened two weeks ago felt like 
REAL MEN make phone calls not send texts. Start sending guestlists MAGEC!! Can't nap 
real sick 
Real tired after today's fiasco .... the joys of living beside idiots. 
Real world is lonely at 4am when you wanna talk to people about your day 
Realii Mad &amp; Angry Atm!! Cuz The Eoghan Quigg Gig In Buckly Has Been Cancelled!! Cnt Belive It,,I Was Sooo Excited!   
realisation has kicked in. Going onto Sky Sports.com - football - preimer leauge and not finding newcastle there 
Realised I haven't fed my spider solitare addiction in awhile. When I realised that, I played spider solitare for an hour. Sick of STATS 
realised that if I want a high C, D or HD this semester, I'll have to completely cut myself off from the world for the next two weeks 
realised today that i get attached to things i'd no business of getting attached to!! 
realises his burnt knees and nose is not a good look 
Realising i'm not in a band anymore 
realising that i did a heck of a lot of travelling the past month. 4 countries in 4 wkds is fun, but my bank a/c definitely took a hit... 
Realising trying to yesterday was stupid, and now suffering. very slow today 
reality check. my arm's bruised after falling down the stairs-  ouch.
Reality hurts.. Let me just stay in la la land 
Reality is kicking in. Will be home this time tomorrow 
reality is so cruel  back to school tomorrow
Reality kicks in part 1 for baggies - being drawn in cc 1st round - part 2 out tomorrow when we start season away at Blackpool 
reality sucks 
Realized earlier that I have the hair of Suzie Quatro  @eve76 go back to sleep bb. Give yourself time to dream ;)
realized fashion palette wasn't on b4 I left to go!went to city but kahlanswardrobe.blogspot.com did capture any more photos today 
Realized how behind schedule I was - have to head back to the center of the city 
Realized I have been twittering about UX/IT stuff and I am confusing my facebook friends not in the industry 
Realized I hear a lot about #fairtrade coffee, but not so much #fairtrade tea.  My guess is #DavidsTea isn't tho 
Realized living in LA isn't fun, someone tried to get in the house at 2:15a.m. and its now 3:30 and I can not sleep cause I'm so scared 
realized now that i'm up, i might have to work 
Realized that &quot;all those mosquito bites&quot; is actually a case of poison ivy 
realized that I am apparently a mistake 
Realized that jakes been gone for a year now. 
realized that junior year is getting nearer and nearer.... wow. I'm not ready 
realized that most of her friends are either busy or going away for vacation 
Realized that Pushing Daisies was on last night on ABC (Eastern channel only) and I can't seem to find the torrent for it 
Realized that she has been avoiding the scale for the last 3 months! That could only mean 1 thing! I got fat 
realized that the two most important people in my life(or one used to be. guess i don't matter now) aren't going to be at my graduation.. 
Realized the person I've been upset with for the past month posted photos I took of them up on Myspace. Not very pleased with that. 
Realized this is the first week of many w/o new TV episodes. Guess I'll get caught up on Gossip Girl.. Any other TV recs?! 
Realized today that all of my good friends are scattered throughout the USA and I don't really have any close ones left here. minus 3. 
realizes i haven't seen the fabulous @cbyrne19 in over a week and that makes me kinda sad 
realizes my dreams in life are becomin just that...dreams 
Realizes that family is a very fluid term. 
Realizes that the list by ne-yo. Makes me think of a couple ex's and the good times 
realizes that waiting until later to tweet about something you thought of earlier makes you forget that tweet 
realizes, that complaining doesn't makes any change 
Realizing I am not going to be able to watch the French Open final 
Realizing I’m living in the Library of Babel. 
Realizing I'm getting old when its saturday night and I'm sitting at home with nothing going on. 
Realizing I'm sooooo unprepared for the next few weeks/months 
Realizing that I graduate tomorrow I can't believe it  I don't want it to don but at the same time I do
Realizing that its almost midnight and I only have so much coffee left... 
realizing that soon almost all my friends are going to be leaving. this is such a sad summer 
Realizing that you should be depressed is never as fun as it was before you thought of the fact. 
reall sick and boredd 
REALLLLLLY?! @emmabooo That makes me 
realllllyyyy bored 
realllly really doesnt want to go to six form tomorow! 
REALLLLY wants Sims 3. 
reallllyyyy bored  textt me.
reallly sick, going to school  I just want today to go by reallyy fasttt!
really a depressing day especially when it's my lunch kaki who's leaving. 
Really am off to bed now. The 498 unread messages in my Twitter Smart Mailbox will just have to wait until the morning I am afraid 
really am sorry becauseI was looking forward to it.. thought itd be fun  and u wanted to hear it.Iowe u a beer.
really amazing how exhausting a cough can be 
really angry tonight. didnt go to beavers-cant anymore. my aunt leads and makes my work there hell. so upset 
really annoyed that i cant use my new toy, until at least monday 
really annoyed with my internet connection! Blackberry internet isn't the same 
Really annoyed with what I have to do today   at least I get to watch the game 7s
Really annoying Tweets! 
Really anoyed ! ipod touch sceen just cracked cant buy or fix it  trying to save for iphone 
really bad backk ache 
really bad hair day 
Really bad morning - worked ten hours yesterday, zilch today. Just as I was going to go for a walk to clear my head it started raining. 
Really bad news. No joke. Brandon Stout is missing. Just called search and rescue out at cow mountain. 
Really bad stomach ache 
Really bad stomach cramps 
really bad stomachache  pizza party tomorrow &amp; i dont think imma go to school tomorrow! but, i can have my own lil party WHOOT!(:
Really bad weather. So i don't think i'll sneak out during lunch for anything  might have to wait to do it on thurs.
Really Badly wants to meet a celeb  xx
Really bent, just ate breakfast, gonna go back to sleep probably. cute boys come over and cuddlee 
Really BORED !Beautiful day but I have nothing to do.. I have to learn chemistry   HELP!
really bored and dont know what to do  and its to early to go to sleep !_! ________________________________
Really bored facebooking... Lame 
Really bored need more people to talk to 
really bored now  4 weeks stuck in the house, ironing, eating, sleeping........... *sigh* ......... 
really bored right now.ashley i miss you so much 
really bored talking to parents about moveing school really un-likely 
Really bored today and all I want to do is play. No-one in town to play with though. 
really bored wish i had someone to talk to 
really bored! i am not even tired either it really sucks 
really broke. havent been this broke since lasts child support bill.. 
Really bugged by hard to read names when typing out lists for @UKUndercurrent 
really bumbed to learn that OS 3 won't be available until tomorrow 
really bummed out :/ the only thing thatd cheer me up is @patmaine @replying me 
really bummed out his twitters gone 
really bummed that Max got voted off sytycd 
really bummed that WOndertime has ceased publication. 
Really bummed. Was supposed to see press screening of Star Trek but didn't happen. Think it got lost in my DSL Extreme glitch. 
Really busy morning at Deep Blue. Now off to repair a hot tub.  Resting tomorrow but back working again on Monday!! No bank hols for me 
Really California? Is this who we want the world to see? Intolerant? Come on now, we are so much better than this. 
really cant be arsed to do all this art homework 
Really can't be arsed to go to work today 
really cant be arsed with school later 
really cant be bothered going to workk   wanna stay at homee! lol xxx
Really can't be bothered to revise Nazi Germany today, don't even know where to start. Can't wait till this is all over. 
really can't concentrate on revision  i need to though.
really cant stand it when grown people have temper tantrums 
really cant wait for wednesday if a certain some one is on ! pleaseeeeeeee be on jane !!!! see you weds marissa, wanna see hudson so bad 
really cold  i hate this weather! father's day tomorrow! i love you daddy!
Really cold  Should get ready soon.
Really confused about how the Firewall in @WizzVPS works  I think I need to hire a sysadmin pro for a few hours to sit down with me.
really confused right now. i wish i could be there for you 
Really considering moving 2 d miracle mile but there r no freeways near 
Really considering my options right now 
REALLY cool thing about twitter...companies actually follow and respond. Thanks, @rhapsody, and sorry for the snarkiness 
Really craving hot food 
Really craving riding/just being with Sam  and I want more pictures of us! I can never have enough!
Really didn't get the chance to say GoodBye to my friends! 
Really didn't want to see Justine go. 
Really disappointed by the CAVS.  But, there is always next year, right?  Indians didn't do so good today either 
Really disappointed I can't make it to bloomington for @sproutbox launch party tonight  if you're around you should check it out
really disappointed the new alt song sounds like the jonas brothers. yuck yuck yuckkkk 
Really disgusted that I can't find a good mp3 player for cheap in town. Mine died. 
really dissapointed in people.  today is not looking like such a good day anymore.
Really do NOT feel like being at work... the man always be bringing me down  Text me if ya got it..
really does not want to be @ work 
really does not want to go to the dentist tonight 
really doesn't need to be in college today  oh well...
really doesn't want to go back to school tomorrow 
really doesnt want to go back to work tomorrow! 
Really doesn't want to go to work at 3 until midnight.  GO PENS!!!
Really doesnt want to go to work today  x
really doesn't want to go to work. 
really doesn't want to go to work... 
really doesn't want to have to do that four more times.... 
really doesnt watn push play to move 
@NicaDivine I wish.. Ima be stuck in columbus 
@nicagarcia  im sorry to hear that.
@nicajuan: I hope your grandparents get well soon 
@NicBall LOL I gotcha, I just saw you say you werent a fan of blogger. I am not having much luck using WP  I am just plain dumb though.
@nicbarajas  I know. I went down to the lobby last night to say goodbye before going to bed, but everyone had left.
@nicbeau oh... that isn't very nice 
@nicbillie awwwww I wanna be there toooo 
@nicbillie have fun wish I went out 
@Nicca_ http://bit.ly/WyOVX  It´s not the same 
@NicCandler that is terrible 
@niccimiller I see  it is alright... I have WAY better things to do today anyway.
@nicco876 nahh I wish  are you?
@niccoqp I miss going to EK every summer &amp; christmas vaca  Take me there!
@nicecreams yeah collision with a sloped ceiling  I always take the BB Rescue Balm even if its just for a day. Wonderful stuff. DH agrees.
@niceghost well meet again someday or the sea games for only 2 weeks!  Im so sad.
@nicelookboso I think its closed 
@NiceMac Some of us actually wanted to WATCH that movie today! 
@nicenerd after all this time...you are still keeping secrets from the guy who runs the content management system you don't use? 
@nicepaul &quot;Worse is better&quot; 
@nicerfilmtitles I need to get out more, I was convinced this said 'nicefirmtitties' !!!!!   #nicerfilmtitles
@nicfusion I hate ft for not hiring you for the summers  how wonderful would that be. htl &amp; valenciaaa tonight bby&lt;3
@nicgibb Thanks.  I have to take the battery out to re-activate the phone but twitterberry still won't work afterwards 
@nicharry yeah I really am not keen to fly in two weeks time now 
@nichiii Ha yeah. Are you ok now?  TBO was very pretty and let me us the toilet...
@Nicholas_KTS hey man you going to be at brickhouse on friday?? i'm thinking about coming down to ride it for the first and last time 
@nicholasbraun - Why don't you ever respond/reply to my dirty tweets anymore? 
@nicholasbraun hi there! why didnt u ever reply to me?im disappointed. i thought u wer cool. 
@nicholasbraun n you didnt answer my question yet 
@nicholasbraun no more poor paul for you? Say it ain't so. 
@nicholasbraun Oh, I'm sorry about that.  HAHA, I can't wait for Princess Protection Program. I'm sure it will be great !
@NicholasDaCosta bwahahahahahah! well one time i had bird poop all over my freaking car! it was not pretty  and i had to clean it ( ew
@nicholasfrench That's disgusting 
@nicholaskenny Good, the thing is the writing is super small too so it's not even an illusion of length 
@nicholasmegalis ohhh thats sad 
@nicholechambers @cinnamonflower @greatmakeup @cgroveshr Unfortunately, the bird was not orange, nor did it go &quot;Cheapcheapcheap&quot; 
@nicholeone yea i agree, i know what you mean!! tough tough 
@nicholepfeffer i got some duct tape 
@Nicholette_U unfortunately yes i did get sunburnt this week  should have worn suntan xo
@nicholeyam aww boushi 
@nicholezion he's gonna cuss me out when I go on at 12... U ain't coming 2 work? Noooooooo 
@NicholleMonique Hmmmm 
@nicholsonb good luck, hopefully you won't injure anything that forces you to do cardio all week like i did 
@NiciC I have this sinking feeling those won't make it into the office. 
@Nick___Evans sorry bud, that really sucks.. 
@nick_carter ah nick you�ve set the vid to private  do you not want everyone 2 see it or has it been a mistake?
@nick_carter Are you doing my shout out?  I told you that joke! I made you laugh!! haha
@nick_carter but i think you are to far away from me 
@nick_carter coachella?! i want to go sing the cure for me 
@nick_carter come on nick u can do better then that .....someone told me that joke wen i was like 6 
@nick_carter Delicious...I don't have Starbucks here in Brazil..  Kisses #BSB
@nick_carter Dude I wish I could.Im in Ohio. 
@nick_carter ful &amp; I was inconsiderate of your feelings, which I truly regret  It wasn’t my intention to offend you, just wanted you to kn
@nick_carter Gotta make the video public, dear. LOL ...can't see it. 
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/3jvu6 - I had the exact same phone .. but I dropped mine in the toilet ... 
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/5pyvf - Where's Brian?????????????? 
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/7lepq - Sorry guys. I was disappointed too   #BSB
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/7xnwx - haha very cute and unfortunate at the same time 
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/7xnwx - nope, dont see your phone number  love #BSB
@nick_carter I can't get to nickcarter.net   It takes me to the backstreet boys website
@nick_carter I DO! but it's technically impossible cuz I'm in Paris and you're... way too far 
@nick_carter i have problems for suscribe.. 
@nick_carter I know!!   I can fall of the bed! BIG dream!
@nick_carter I WAITED THAT PAGE FOR MONTHS AND NOW I CAN'T JOIN 
@nick_carter I want one picture too   lol
@Nick_carter i wish 
@nick_carter Love, where are youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu???? 
@nick_carter off course nick I wanna go, but i am very far to you buahhhhhh, i am in peru 
@nick_carter So cute ! But where's AJ? 
@nick_carter that sweet .. I will miss you! 
@nick_carter The video is `private I cant see it 
@nick_carter the video is private 
@nick_carter Time for Warcraft yes, but for a simple game of a group of fans no  Just let us know if u figure it out, you want the prize?
@nick_carter were you having sushi????? I miss sushi sooo bad, haven't got any in way too long 
@nick_carter Where's my shout out?? I told you the Pooh JOKE!  
@nick_carter Why aren't you twittering anymore? It wasn't our fault that you gave out your number and e-mail. I miss you 
@nick_carter Your video is set to private.. 
@Nick_Chao I feel neglected 
@nick_jjp make a story with me :'( at least i can imagine that im laying in your arms&lt;3 blah.  i misssss you&lt;3
@nick_thompson  nick  I'd love to blame my oven I may have to blame the fact that I'd had a shed load of wine and was watching Top Gear! 
@nick_thompson I want one 
@NickBayside do you know why merch are refusing to sell your wristbands/ dogtags, I really wanted those 
@nickbeaulieu trust me - Barbecue sauce is way, WAY worse than cigarette smoke 
@nickbeaver i need to talk to you 
@nickbernstein oh no...hope you snap out of it. I hate not being able to sleep 
@nickbrutusgrass he is already missed   I wish one of us couldve seen it coming...
@nickcarnes our printer DIED last week.  I miss it.
@nickCHOLASXD heheh. why didnt you gooo ?  summmmmer! woohoo[: are you gonna hangout w| mee?
@nickcowell well i think it was above average attendance. so like 9000.  fc dallas is definitely struggling there.
@nickcres ive tried to, and nothing has worked. i dont think he's all that bothered *sigh* 
@nickdoesthis whyyy? 
@NickDSO yeah trust me im not too thrilled about it but unfortunately i have to go  next time im up in MA ill def let you know
@nickfarmer2 I'm in the UK  looks like they will release 3.0 at 9am PST 
@nickfulco &quot;Eew-off to airport &amp; whoever djtinat &quot;Leslie&quot; somethin dmessaged me saying she made out w/samantha liar.She needs attention 
@nickgo - 'til sunday afternoon, and i'm busy tomorrow 
@nickgravelyn That's my main gripe with most TD games, they never seem to fire at the ones I think they should be 
@nickguillory nope 
@nickhalme I'm in the AA3 Beta...not impressed so far sadly. 
@nickheppleston Well, they still got my CC on file   (and we can't refute charges like you can in the US as easy here)
@nickhesson who's yer host? My Dreamhost has been yoyoing the last 2 days AGAIN 
@NickHexum Dodge Theatre Phoenix doesn't allow tailgating or I'd be there!   I got a Public Consumption charge when you were in Mesa last.
@NickHexum If only your tour was going on another week, I got my vacation too late. I would've gone to Mars to see you guys again! 
@NickHexum it would be more amazing if you were playing Hawaii  
@NickHexum We tuned into loveline, but its Doug Benson, yesterday's guest... where are you!?! 
@NickHexum When will you guys come back to the bay area!?!? We missed you at BFD 
@NickHodge how was your holiday? think I need one myself soon am sick of big bad nasty corporations no matter what the name 
@NickHolmesPL That sucks  They should keep it real.
@NickHOOPSduhh I'm pretty sure i texted you saturday night because I was at the movies...but no reply... 
@Nicki009 Sorry about that,replied to the wrong person.Sorry about my language as well. 
@nicki20 I'm sorry you have the blues girl...I no likey that! 
@nicki761 you forgot me. just cause I'm not in florida anymore 
@nickie72  good luck  with that love, ive gotta take my laptop to pc world for a check 
@nickie72 , no wasn't allowed to do that in school, was forced to do double science instead!!  lol
@nickie72 one comment tho - only 4 per day?   Could have done with more 
@NickiePhilbin I have spent sleepless night planning fruit tart... and now .. almost one week before comp. it's a whole other ball game 
@NickiePhilbin Now getting panicked that setting agent may have been a crucial ingredient 
@Nickiiixo oh that sucksss  im sorrry
@nickijo mine too, its super upsetting. im sorry sticky. 
@nickilambert Ahh. I'm sorry!  that's really scary.
@nickiminaj I thought the show at ShowPlace was cancelled. .. thats what the website says. . 
@NICKIMINAJ Wish I Could Come 
@Nickinoo85 YUM!... i just had spaghetti out of a tin  ... yea dinner sounds good, saturday nyt is out for me though, its my dads b'day.
@nickisanenigma I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@NickitoFresh at work  I HAVENT slept a solid 8 hrs since i got back to this hell hole lol
@nickjam HOW RUDE. I like her now 
@nickjamesbxtch Oh no  that sucks.
@NickJFlyWithMe I watched the Jonas Brothers on Larry King Live! I wish I was going to their concert on June 20th. 
@nickjfrost aw man, now i feel rotten, I'm sorry!  Didn't mean it in a bad way.
@nickjfrost I hate that N Korean bastard, too. I live on Kauai, the Hawaiian island closest to N Korea 
@nickjfrost there is nothing more sad than no booze when one had hopes 
@nickjoekevin01 i dont know  + i was screaming for help  saw my life flash before me :o x
@nickjoekevin01 There was a goat and ram legging it after me yday :o with horns + all, sooo scary  x
@NickJoeKevin01 Yeah, That`s really an &quot;Ouch&quot; to Selena 
@nickjonas  Are you not replying to me because I'm black??
@nickjonas  i misssss you!  &lt;3
@nickjonas  ive never tried red bull (N) which now means i have no life. Lmaoo !
@nickjonas as if you're back in america already  you were so good last night!
@nickjonas Can anyone tell me how I can find out if I have diabetes??? my mum said I have all the symptoms...  I don't want that!!!
@nickjonas crap i slept through it!  oh well it'll be on the internet soon enough. i bet it was great though!
@nickjonas DONT LISTEN TO @shawnaaxox shes just jelous...and high. YOU DONT WANT A GIRLFRIEND WHO SMOKES DOPE NOW..do you? 
@nickjonas i had a dream about you last night :L. ahh how i wish i could meet you..  *sigh* x
@nickjonas i so wish i could watch american tv..  i love you guys.. can't wait till manchester 22nd nov  gonna be amazing. loveyounickxx
@nickjonas i want to set this straight i am going to be persistant. you keep replying to everyone else's replies 
@nickjonas im aboutt to take a final  wish me luckk!!!
@nickjonas It's not out in Australia till the 19th June 
@nickjonas Nick, because you never answer me? doubts of my love? I am very saddened by this  still love you ♥
@nickjonas PLEASSSEE CALL me first!!! i NEEEED some advice!!!! i loove u!!! if u dnt then i ges night..... 
@nickjonas the jb hates their tour on south america?  you not, but argentinan fans loves you nicholas!
@nickjonas We just came to buy your cd at midnight at Walmart but they dont have it stocked yet until 7am  very sad time.
@nickjonas you don't love Brazil ? I thought that you loved,   trick  McFLY its perfect its not ?
@nickjonas you got back with miley? aaw 
@nickjonas you were really great at the MMVA's.you inspire me so much and teach me lots of lessons.i wish you a good tour MyTicket=stolen 
@NickJonasPvt , i love you , please do other date for ireland  @carladohertyx
@nickjonass boys suck 
@NickKaz haha. sorry i didnt get to sing for you  i was looking forward to it..
@NickKaz noooo  ask ben or chris. I'm not good with vB yo
@nickkevinjoe naww sorry  i dont want to get out of line
@nickkkg  :s  I has no logic 
@NickkkJonasss  can i know when u guys are posting the tour dates for asia??? im dying to know whether u guys will come to singapore 
@NickkkJonasss Come back to England soon! I couldnt make it to London  Hope you had fun!
@NickkkJonasss good but i have exams!!  wish me luck pleeeease???xxxx
@NickkkJonasss I can't get the album today  But my favorite that I have heard from you so far, is Turn Right and Much Better (:&lt;3
@NickkkJonasss sorry your hair isn't done  I promise u won't have a big blob on hour head http://twitpic.com/7qrh5
@Nickknac I love the haircut is it bobby in the back? you know like raised up and vamped?  I have not seen you in almost 2 yrs. 
@NickKramer yes, 2x post was the reason for the fuck. It ruined my day too 
@Nickle2496 I'm sorry  There's always an act of spiritual communion and some prayers to the Sacred Heart
@nicklemick oh of course XD sorry i missed your point, i think both our points are very valid. i'm still at schooool 
@nickletoots re: birds - Keep forgetting to take my camera with me. 
@Nickley Well that will make it more awkward. Ok, his friends are there. It's just going to be 8th graders. (freshman). 
@Nickman611 theres' noonw around to go for beers with! 
@nickmarshall I'm not sick - just in intense pain  Leaving my computer now...
@nickmazzitelli kill me now MATH is so hard!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhh 
@NickMcLaren I was accomplice to something becoming &quot;less epic&quot;...? 
@nickmileyjonas  tss. I wish I voted for Paramore. :/
@nickmileyjonas yes. finally they are here. still need to cover them, though. sigh. anyway, yah i can't believe it too. 
@nickmongo A bad one. I know 
@nickmongo A Bug's Life is so underrated  But hey, they forgot Finding Nemo, so all is well.
@nickmongo http://bit.ly/1egrT  This is the one it's currently on, and I'm like 
@nickmontes yo, your facebook is unavailable 
@nicknye  im not a rap fan but have met Mason before &amp; appreciate his ministry. I'll be praying for his church &amp; the restoration of Ambas
@nickolaimathews, and no, no tea party  but there was cake involved!
nothing bored and groundede 
Nothing but bad news on TV tonight... &quot;where is the love?&quot; 
Nothing but revision and exams... 
Nothing but the truth, often we only get half the truth which in fact is a great lie 
nothing but trash on the television...I need something else to do but facebook is boring 
Nothing can make me smile 
nothing creeps me out more than spiders. 
nothing exciting coming my way 
nothing feels right when im not with you 
nothing finishing homework lol dealing with some what drama and boysss lol 
Nothing fits me. ughhhh i swear 
nothing for BNP in eastern regions  @mhoobag1
Nothing for to do... anyone to talk.... i think that i'm going sleep 
Nothing from them yet  i still have my fingers crossed
nothing getting bored 
Nothing good happens that you don't do yourself...and this is how things go downhill 
nothing good to watch on the TV right now..  sooo Bored!
nothing green to wear  going to wear white instead, no clouds today, sooo hot.
nothing happend today  boring day ... need poker break ...
nothing happens in the summer 
nothing i am poorly sick 
Nothing I do is ever good enough. 
nothing in my day im so sad but  im dying now
nothing in the house for breakfast and TONS to do today. I don't have time for groceries. 
Nothing in the mail 
Nothing in TV I wanna cry 
nothing interesting in post today  booooo!
nothing interesting to report today. 
nothing interesting today ! i'm just met the f****n teachers 
nothing is like breakfast in bed when ur sick 
nothing is really inspiring me to write poems or draw 
Nothing is so interesting today... TPM 
nothing Is the same 
Nothing is working for me  for most three days. I am going down and down
Nothing is working out with my burned ass calves... But i really wanna sleep... Help me! 
nothing just wondering about how my life coud get even worse  
Nothing like 2 blizbleeeeeezayyys in a row hooray for that keystone light ..need more soon 
Really don't feel like leaving the house. Really want a lazy day. Gotta visit family for housewarming.. That means changing outta pjs... 
really dont feel like twittering 
Really don't feel like workin today. I don't feel well 
really dont feel like working today... 
really dont feel well 
Really don't feel well 
really don't like reading &quot;good morning&quot; tweets at 12am! at least not during the week 
Really don't wanna get out of bed! 
Really dont wanna go to school today  begging mam not to let me go
really don't wanna go to work today 
really dont wanna leave my class  we have so much fun together!!
Really don't want this year to be over when I've not been here for most of it. 
Really don't want to go out tonight. Really don't want to go outside in general. 
REALLY don't want to go to Dagenham tomorrow 
really don't want to work till 10 tonight!  going to miss the movie awards haha
really down with fever  Need to get well before tomorrow, for my last exam.
really dull day... 
really early to be up. i am so tired but i can't go back to sleep. 
Really enjoyed TFS &amp; really wants to go back 
really enjoyed working on the balcony today....losing the light now though. time to go inside 
really excited about Maryland crabs tonight! but not so excited about having to say goodbye to @hanab08... 
Really excited about surfing again this weekend. Hope I don't step on a pissed off stingray like last week 
really feel bad to study in school on holiday 
Really feel like crap this morning  feel like I need to b sick and really really warm  def going to carlo's after work for good sleep 
really feel like i can't wait a whole two weeks before my next gig!  Love performing too much!! x x
Really feeling sick but if I call in after a 4 day weekend it'll  look like I'm faking. Hate feeling like this. Need crackers &amp; sleep. 
Really felt like a 10yr old child when @askill123 gave me the get ya priorities together u can't be partyin ya whole life speech. 
really flying through #arresteddevelopment - what a great show, so lame that it's long gone 
really frustrated that i can't upload a new picture for my profile....   
Really fucked things up tonite. Gonna be alone for awhile. 
Really fucking annoyed and I want to go home 
really fucking confused 
really fucking hate traffic, construction zones, and the fucking incompetent fucktards in front of me..I wanted to be early to work today 
Really full from chipotle. Don't wanna work 
Really getting up. Need some serious caffeine today. Bewley's Tea not going to cut it  Have a wonderful day everyone!
Really glad I got to see coach today- not that it makes the transition any easier 
really going to bed this time. goodnight ((((again)))) be up in a few hours. ughh 
Really going to miss Abilene. 
Really gonna miss my A2 pals  Love them 
really gonna miss the best baguettes in the world!!!!!!!! 
really good day today. but miss everyone and the studio 
really grateful that the Kitchen Academy has AC. Hello, allergies! 
Really happy that there is only 1 exam left, although a little disapointed that i'm this bored on a friday night.. 
really has a reason to be sad now... a $1400 + vet bill and her dog has to stay at the emergency vet. 
Really hasn't had alot of sleep since being 18  haha
really hate being up this early when I don't have to go anywhere. 
really hate my life  sometimes i just want to die
Really hate summer re-runs! It makes the time at work go by so slow 
really hates being a woman.  ow.
really hates mornings when you wake up...and all you want to do is sleep...but for some strange reason..you cant. 
really hates revising 
really hates that I have to get up this early 
really hates that they are totally messing up new moon and that was my favorite book 
really hates the fact that its hot and has to revise  x
Really hating how bored i am. Its summer for gods sake! 
Really hating that I'm not home in bed on this dreary, rainy day.  
Really hating the fact that everyone is going on holiday this year! It's really unfair! I want to cry 
Really heavy eyes today. Couldn't sleep as it was so hot and I was worrying about today! 
really hope im feeling okay tomorrow night. i miss my boy 
really hopes AF447 is ok... 
really hopes her sister ain't gonna be too late am so tired already 
really hopes I don't have pendasitus!!! 
really hopes she can go to Toronto 
really hopes she gets to see Corey come the end of summer when he has 2 weeks off! then he is shipped to who knows where 
really hoping its going to be a nice day!! I dont want more rain  gotta clean my house today it needs it!! good morning everyone!!!!
Really hoping the mega food shop has been delivered before I'm home so everyone else packs it away. Bet they leave it for me anyway 
really hot cant sleep  good thing i got family guy 
really hot here 
really hungry 
Really hungry and sad that I had to throw my breakfast in the bin 
really hungry but stomach pains stopping me from eating  grr!!
Really hungry today  bread and butter did not meat usual lunchtime standards!
really hurt me your words 
Really I am here 2 @tanondemand Having so much fun with my sister and brother in law in Florida! Home tomorrow and back to reality...  lol
Really I wish that Telstra would fix my phoneline so I could get ADSL! There are so many better options than wireless 
really ill again not been well for 2 weeks, i've got a bad viral infection. 
Really in the mood for some Photoshop tomorrow, too bad I have to do SFX all morning first 
off to buy a new ergonomic keyboard after puring a glass of water in my old ms natural 4000 http://is.gd/FEq   best coder-keyboard EVAR!
Off to buy hubby a birthday present... what do you buy a man who has everything?  Tired of buying Cuban cigars every occasion 
off to CA for a week! no art updates til I'm back due to no internet  Too bad Quest was in SF earlier
off to cairo. booooo. 
Off to camp! I'm gonna miss everyone 
off to campus *again* 
off to canada's wonderland..in this crappy weather 
off to Canterbury Town to buy revision equipment! 
off to cheer on the Manchester 10k peeps this morning .. will miss Hussain Bolt later though 
Off to chem 
Off to church and for pictures. I need a silver belt  and a necklace.  oh well. Check me out today! http://twitpic.com/808mu
Off to Ciara's swimming lesson later, looking forward to it! It's gonna be a long day, Daddy E coming home late tonight! 
Nothing like a bit of crayon physics at the end of a long day of study! Oh my :-S I've been at this desk for 15 hours!! 
Nothing like finding out your child is sick right after you leave an event.    Sorry UUs...
nothing like getting sick at your best friends shower 
Nothing like getting to work 30 min early! 
nothing like having to go to the dr twice, not being able to breathe and puking for 2 days 
Nothing like listening to your poor, sick dog all night (or child, lover, cat, whatever).  No sleep, not that I really could have anyway. 
Nothing like rainy, early mornings watching Audrey Hephurn movies and waiting for the sun to come out for school work.. 
Nothing like reading over an old story you once wrote and finding it FULL of typos 
Nothing like sleeping in your dress.... And secondly, I'd rather be at home... To many days away from my son 
Nothing like waking up to a dead 24&quot; iMac... When will this run of bad luck end 
really isn't looking much like a giraffe 
Really let down by gossip girl...it's all I have to make my Mondays good and all they give are reruns... 
Really like my new phone! Need more sleep 
Really like Terminator:TSCC but it might be cancelled. Why do SF telly series that I like get cancelled? I'm a kiss of death 
Really like the new Mercedes E-class. My new dream car!  Really miss my old C-class.. 
Really like the updated full version of @SocialScope. Really works well with multiple accounts, except I lost the tab for my 2nd account 
really likes the look of the Palm Pre, I don't use my phone enough to warrant looking at a phone that'd require a contract though 
Really liking TweetDeck on iPhone. Just wish the desktop version wasn't AIR. 
Really long day. School stuff figured out for kidlet. Just broke up a horrible sounding fight in the bathroom ceiling - baby screaming. 
really mad why does it have to be a crappy day i hate this 
Really Microsoft? I can't put XBLA games on my Amazon Wishlist? 
really miss acting !! 
Really miss my Dad today. 
really miss talking to missy 
Really missed you last night 
Really misses Alex  it's sad.
really misses Brandon Matteson.  RIP #fb
Really misses her boy  wishes the weekend never had to end
Really misses him 
really misses my grandpa lately. 
Really misses partying in da Jack!  http://myloc.me/4MFl
Really missing A today. 
really missing Bini 
Really missing Fairbairn dinners 
Really missing glenn right now. 
Really missing good mates wish I had someone to watch the footy with just not the same on ya own  CHELSEA ALL THE WAY
off to class... 
off to college  bleurgh
Off to college  for one maths lesson how annoying.
Off to college for 10 mins! Got to go in just to return library books!  Oh well, at least no exams &amp; sun is out, but i have hayfever  xx
Off to college, for a further maths lesson. Exam in 12 days 
off to dentist .. appointment not at 2:30 
Off to dentist now  not looking forward to this!!!!
off to disney world. i hate long car rides 
Off to do 1,000 chores.  Yay. Have a great day, everyone. ? http://blip.fm/~4j6he
off to do my english assignment. 
Off to do some exercise! 
off to do some homework. oh the joys . 
Off to Dorset for a week near the sea on Friday and hey-ho - it's going to be 10 degrees cooler  #ukweather #fail best take jumpers
off to double english...but first, coffee. My teeth itch. 
off to drama filled work...great 
Off to dreaded tea-cease meetings.  Wants Subzero ice cream on rainy days.
Really missing Liverpool today! I want to go to Garlands tonight, I miss it! Damn distance! 
really missing my baby.. 
Really missing my car today. 
really missing my mitchell  *dies*
really must find someone to chill with when my daughters visit their dad 
really must go...okay just 3more of the new moon trailer....then...go to my room and relinquish the computer to mother...then...hmwk... 
Really nauseous. 
Really need a full body rub down..  *A Quintessence Woman*
really need a helping hand here 
Really need a wee but not got the energy to move 
really need some help 
really need someone's help with downloading a phpmotion script for me since i am banned from their forum for some unknown reason 
Really need to be getting work done, but Twitter is more entertaining right now 
really need to buy a flyswatter in the near future. getting tired of the wasps in my house. 
really need to do something. watched one to many hannah montanna's 
Really need to figure out a sched for doing the knee strengthening excerises I was given. Haven't done them yet 
really need to get me an netbook for times like these... constantly logging in and out of my google account 
really need to rest now.but maybe a lil later. i missed everyone,the other day was awful,something went wrong with my internet connection 
really need to revise but murder she wrote is on 
Really need to sleep....big day ahead of me tomorrow and the day after! 
really need to start reading electronics now.. 
really need to start revising for this maths exam, bad times 
really need to stop watching supernatural before bed. show gives me the creeps 
really need to vent my frustration right now 
Really needs a good stretch - muscles to tense tonight 
Really needs a hug  feeling that pathetic feeling again
Really needs her phone to text Fil 
Really needs her Rave King. Even though he's so far away.. 
really needs her soul 
really needs sleep  stomach hurts, and has a cut on her palm, lame stuff.
Really needs to be sorted for tonight, and is annoyed at herself fir not prompting Zael about the clothes GRR 
Really needs to catch up on his massive Naruto Shippuden backlog. It's harder to get motivated when you've read all the manga. 
really needs to clean her room.....argh so much to do this weekend, NO sleeping in and relaxing for me 
Really needs to do my roots but I have event to go to in 3 weeks!! Damn my job 
really needs to get his emotions together for the upcoming week 
really needs to go for a run but can't 
really needs to go shopping, but i have no money 
really needs to invest in an umbrella. Now feels like a soggy biscuit 
Really needs to learn how to say no when someone asks for a favor   it is quite insane...
really needs to sleep.....but has to do her assignment 
really needs to stop reading the pets' stories on petfinder  way too sad
really not enjoying the prospect of being back in the office today 
Really not feelin complete today need my lashes done and cant get an appointment until tomorrow! Soooo sad! 
really not feelin my best right now  
really not feeling 100% today 
Really not feeling the study this morning 
Really not feeling well so I'm back in bed. Rather be tagging but room was spinning. 
Really not happy to be german right now  But who am I to complain?
really not in the mood to revise today but i have to  urghhhhhh i'll have to do about 7-8 hours to finish media :S
really not ok with goodbyes 
Really not sure what to do today. Have many hours of time to pass, but nothing to do at all. 
Really not up for a teething baby today. I feel like crap, my eyes are still swollen and trying to comfort a child who won't be comforted 
Really not wanting to go to work today - soooo much uncertainty about so many diffeent things 
Really not well today man  possible Kidney Infection 
really now, time for sleep. dreaming of my city, more tattoos, and other great things. waking up to early morning sociology 
Really nt wel after that 
Really PETA? this definitely would have made seth's weekend update...if only they didnt have off all summer... 
Really pissed that ESPN ScoreCenter app is only compatible with the iPhone 
Really pleased Quarriers will be at #T in the Park this year. Pity I can't go though 
Really prayin that Crystal pulls thru this! She has so much going for her! My heart is hurting for my godbrother &amp; second fam 
Really procrastinating with my studies.  #squarespace, you know, somewhere it's 11:11, making a wish to be the 11th winner? (;
really rain! 2 hours seems real far 
Really rainy    http://tinyurl.com/lxrng5
Really really doesn't want to leave LA 
Really really dont have anything interesting or relevant to say on this  
Really really effin tired...long day ahead, no time for sleepy 
really really miss him and wanna hug him 
Really really misses him.. 
really REALLY misses my ballet sO sO sO much!!! 
Really really really bad night and morning. Boooo. 
Really really really hates lab 
Really really really need a new phone can now upgrade anyone recommend anything? Can't get iphone cos o2 not good reception 
Really really really really wants to go see Transformers 2 likee... NOW!!  so jealous.
really really really wants to go to a brewer game asap since she hasn't gotten to one yet 
REALLY REALLY REALLY wants to go to another Magic game............ 
really really sad, `cause my computer is in repair and i cant make some work now 
really really shoulda said something  i blew it
really really stressed out and not liking it... 
really really unwell, this cold is killing me 
really really wants bruno come to cuba with me 
really really wants to see nick 
Really REALLY, Wants To Go To The MUSE Resitance Tour.. So Bad.. Better Start Nagging My Mum 
Really rough night, must have picked up a stomach bug somewhere 
really sad   but i dont know why i knew it was coming , i think i might just go in my room and play '7 things' over and over. its so true
really sad about the cavs loss tonight. really thought it was their year for a ring 
really sad atm and is actually crying 
Really sad cuz Marley had an accident and died. . . .    R.I.P Marley
Really sad I couldn't be at graduation. 
really sad just found the cast of mighty boosh is gonna be at comicon but its sold out already 
really sad my local starbucks just closed, i have lost a friend who kept me going through good times and bad 
really sad that graduation is coming so fast...and i'm losing my best friend.. 
Really sad that my dad is not around to be part of it though 
Really sad to see the rain this morning - Irish summers are very short   _________________________________________ Take Skype mobi ...
Really said about Jon and Kate 
REALLY scared 
Really scared  daddy had a really bad car accident this morning and that's all I know 
Really scared now 
Really should get back to conditioning but really cba 
nothing more frustrating than looking for a camera charger and knowing deep down that it's gone forever 
Nothing more painful than a bottle of wine and no cork screw  FOILED AGAIN!!!  #fb
nothing much school tomozo  
nothing much, just chattin, and textn. you noe me; gosh i wanted to go see UP and Drag me to hell, but no one will go with me. 
nothing much. school on wednesday 
Nothing on t.v. 
Nothing on telly 
Nothing on TV tonight.  why must i have no life
Nothing on TV, nobody to talk to online, nobody to make plans with...such a dull depressing night  A movie couldn't even fix it
Nothing profound, just really tired 
Nothing puts me off buying a product more than a badly dubbed foreign advert 
nothing really... 
nothing right now 
nothing special on my bday 
nothing special on my mind ...just cme to this new cyber cafe as i away frm home..n internet speed is soo slow  
nothing special, getting bored these days 
Nothing specificly 
nothing still don't know what to do with my hairs  Ahh I did the biggest mistake of my life! ahh homework to do! tomorrow hospital!
nothing to do  ...i wish today would be sunny!
Nothing to do  I feel borem and hasn't find any shoes yet! Ups..
Nothing To Do .. That's Very Suck 
Nothing to do at all may result to homework 
nothing to do but rewatch all episodes of 30rock. where is @stephenmiceli to take me out for coffee?!?? 
really should go look for something to have for brunch  http://plurk.com/p/yyybd
really shouldn't eat popcorn.  
really sick right now.  off work til monday...maybe
really sick with Pneumonia... 
Really sick! 
Really sick.  No panadol either.
really sick. going to lay down for awhile then clean the house 
really sick.. so I'll be m.I.a twitter 
Really sore throat and glue that I can't get rid of on my fingers  weak.
Really sore. I need a massage. Like 4real 
Really sorry to everyone....please forgive  xxx
really starting to worry about not passing the year 
really stressin' on what to do tonight  getting ready, bank, tanning, shopping?
Really stressing over finding a house  Then I think about the world and realise how lucky I am to even have a choice and opportunity...
really stresso with this whole &quot;wisuda&quot; thing!! 
Really struggling with Viigo. I like what it offers but the minute I update channels, my phone becomes unusable. 
Really sucks with this cold. Too drained to want to sit and code or game or do anything involving though 
Really sun burnt lay in bed 
really sunburnt  talk.
really surprised how many calebs have a twitter or mulitple ones and surpised how other non celebs try and act like they r the celeb 
Really taking news of Aussie tour cancellation hard...is this really the end? 
really think theres sumthin wrong with me  im constantly tired and always have to lie down and go to sleep  i cant even revise!! deadd !
Really thought it would get easier the more I had to do it but it's not. At all.  miss you already @BlakeHarmon23...I love you!
Really tired  not goin out tonight.
really tired  the traveling was good 
REALLY tired - wish I had the energy to go out tonight, but just don't know if that's gonna happen... 
really tired but can't sleep :l  
Really tired but I have to go to school. 
really tired doesnt feel like going to work 
Really tired JAKe always gives me more work 
Really Tired Man 
really tired today  
really tired today i want to sleep but i like my internet nearby it wnt work in my room anymore 
Really tired! Working far too early 
really tired!!!!!!!! going to go to bed now! 
Really tired, but i can't go to sleep 
really tired, but i have to revise!! maths gcse on tuesday, 
nothing to do but still no time for anything... 
Nothing to do in Phuket..  I miss scuba diving...!! .. sooo much!
Nothing to do on a sunday afternoon cuz i'm waiting for the ginger and our lunch date plans. Twittering cuz i'm bored as a mutha 
nothing to do on the long weekend 
nothing to do on the weekend 
Nothing to do today 
nothing to do today yet. i haven't been to the beach yet. 
nothing to do today...  
Nothing to do tomorrow 
nothing to do tonight 
nothing to do tonight!!!  bored bored.
nothing to do! huhu 
nothing to do, boring evening here in basel 
nothing to do. no where to go. no one to see. BORED!! 
nothing to do.... 
NOTHING to do...........   trying to find friends on twitter and not working 
Nothing to do...how sad  
nothing to do..no kolo on tonight 
Nothing to dooo! 
Nothing to put in a sandwich...not even bread. Hungry 
nothing to say continously retweeting others tweet 
Nothing to see  When is &quot;Send it On&quot; coming out?
nothing to tweet about today 
Nothing to update today on my site! 
nothing too exciting at day 2 of bamboozle today 
Nothing was sprained, thank god. Lol. But i hat to get an vaccination  I hate it. Lol.
nothing works out anymore 
nothing works out the way i want it to  this is not my day... hope that tomorrow will be better.... #bsb
Nothing worse than bro g hung over on a hot day 
nothing! Bored 
nothing, music test tomorrow  i still do not get twitter...
nothing, not a sausage, bugger all yet 
nothing, only wait, because i must go to an doctor 
nothing. Absolutely nothing! 
nothing. i'm doing nnnnnooottttthhhhhhhhhiiinnnggg 
Nothing. Nothing to doo 
nothing... 
Nothing......I don't know why i made this, I don't know anybody lol 
Nothingggg , Bored outta my nut 
really tired, my neighbors had this party last night and the music was sooo loud, couldn't sleep for hours 
Really tired. 
really tired. and my back hurts. 
Really Tired.. 
really tired... 
really truly struggling to get into my 2nd third of my final assessment 
Really truly trying to get all my ideas on paper.  good nite tweets. P.s. Before bed I'm watching the last LC episode of the Hills.
really twitter, yall not gone let me change my pic and background ... 
really uncomfortable 
Really upset  http://myloc.me/5x1T
Really wanna catch Derren Brown this time 
really wanna clean everything out of my room right now....but this might take days  ag im already to lazy
really wanna do this: http://bit.ly/1anIeD  to bad i don't have long hair 
really wanna go dancing at the local gay nightclub but i have no one to bring with me. 
really wanna go to popeyes real quick but its late and im scared of inglewood  lol
Really wanna go to Trader Joe's tonight, but my head hurts 
really wanna see Away We Go. Kinda just for John Krasinski, but... can you blame me? Wish I could see Emarosa again. 
Really wanna watch Apprentice &amp; BB but am soooooooooo tireddddddd! Don't think I'm gonna make it 
Really wanna watch 'penelope' but i think now is'nt the good time for do that 
really wanna watch tinselworm tonight, unfortunatley it was sold out at xmas. probs be in bed by then, still ill 
REALLY WANT A BB! 
really want a bike thought about going to pool but know its full of kids  plus did you know $4 to get into the city pool?!?!
REALLY WANT A VITAMIN WATER.....stupid Karley..... 
Really want an iphone... still cant justify the monthly price 
really want CSI:NY to be on... 
Really want my vert labret again, guys.  also, bitches ain't shit.
Really want to attend @wordcampnz in August, but it's probably out of my reach and means. 
really want to be at home rite now 
Really want to be in Dallas right now... 
really want to get on with my reading, but there seems to be few dutiful things to do 1st, like cleaning.. 
Really want to get to work, but feeling really lazy.  #pyggy
Really want to go and see the hangover because of mike Tyson singing ahahaha Also they said michael mcintyre is on the radio but he's not 
Off to Dublin in a while to watch Leinster vs Munster.  Pity I won't be watching from in Croke Park, though.  
off to eat something nice and bland, more pleasant when you end up seeing it again 
off to english class, my throat is still hurt and i wanna sleep 
Off to Eugene for the day...Ring of Fire and Burrito Boy are in our future!  Wishing Lalo were with us 
Off to face the pit 'o vipers 
Off to family gathering.. Tp kok di dome ya? Bs pindah aja ga? Don't really like it there.. 
off to find something good to grub on for lunch...NO SUBWAY... I dont think.. 
Off to finish yard.   HOT!
off to Fish Doctor's in Adrian.... I have a couple of sick fish. 
Off to football training now-picnic today was beautiful! Crap that work is fast approaching... 
Off to get a new coat for tomorrow.. Might have to invest in some wellies too! Stupid weather!  #fb
off to get a wee jag ... then back to greusome studying  and watching saw films today thank god im going to bois getting peace and quiet
Really want to go and The Last House on the Left but it's an 18 
REALLY want to go to an old friend's party tonight, but I have fakeflu. That and alcohol probably won't mix well. 
Really want to go to Midnight Youth Tomorrow!! 
Really want to play &quot;Punch-Out&quot; on Wii 
really want to run away from this meeting 
Really want to see david archuleta. But i can�t 
Really want to see Transformers again! Loved seeing it at midnight, but I'm not sure when I'll be free this weekend to see it 
Really want to watch PCD tonight, I bet they're so dope!!!!!!!!!     
REALLY WANTED CREPES frm Crepe Cellar after a night @ Evening Muse..but a 45 min wait @11pm jst was not happenin..so Taco Bell had 2 do 
Really wanted to go see the proposal 
really wanted to like &quot;17 Again&quot; but...just didn't   Not Zac's fault, bad script.
really wanted to sleep in but my body aint letting me.. guess this is what happens when ur used to gettin up early all week 
really wanted to sleep in today, but ended up waking up at 9 ugggggg...im tired.......i have nothing to do today..boring 
Really wanted to stay... 
really wanted to watch Star Trek  I shall get the DVD. At least there will be no screaming kids or tall people sitting in front of my TV.
Really wanting a hamburger for lunch...but I guess I'll just eat my Hot Pockets.  
really wanting to go to nakusp festival...  one month to figure it out, dusty... skip school! im really a good influence..
Really wanting to watch the daily show and colbert report now, but I think i've watched all in the DVR 
Really wants a hug right now. 
really want's a master reseller,everywhere is just to dear though  any ideas?
really wants a new microscope 
really wants a puppy... 
really wants chinese =/ not happy today 
Really wants his phone back 
really wants jerrick       - - -    beausejour in: 10 days ! AAHHH! SUPER EXCITED! &lt;3
REALLY wants Oreos with milk, but needs to go run....   All the technology out there and they can't create fat- burning Oreos? ;)
really wants sims 3 but it is really expensive! 
really wants taco bell 
really wants that Blink 182 shirt (with the Blink smiley face) at Hot Topic. God flippin' damn it  Lol
really wants that puppy. 
Really wants to be 18 
really wants to be better right now. i get so frustrated being sick  laaaame.
really wants to buy LICD Beginnings but due to him being broke, will just have to cry about it.  
really wants to buy more better material, too expensive 
Off to get more medicine 
off to get my car fixed in horrible rain 
off to get my hair resolved  poor hair; coffee w/j; soak up the sun; ''jennifer goodbye''; mood altering...
Off to get my wisdom teeth taken out!  Lame...
Off to get ready for work 
Off to get ready for work  seriously this sucks.
off to get some stuff for claybee &lt;3 then its workk 
Off to get tuition homework done! So many pages.... 
Off to go home now - was still at the office  See you later today XX
off to grocery.  STILL havent finished the laundry or started packing 
Off to guitar now! I almost said swim. Phew!! 
Off to hang with my great second graders.... Only 3 more sundays with them 
Off to have a fun day with our bus kids for the last day... until next school year 
off to have a late lunch! so so hungry! 
off to headgirlsday rehearsals, I would rather like to go back to bed though 
off to hell.. the dentisit 
Really wants to buy new clothes 
really wants to camp at download so she can watch flight 666 with her boy 
really wants to find a home for dreamy  poor little kitty...
really wants to find some military boys to go bowling with me and Sam 
really wants to get a massage, but am about to go on vacation 
really wants to go and see taylor swift in wembley but its 6 days after jonas and will have no money!! 
really wants to go home but has too much work to do! 
really wants to go on a bike ride with this mild, overcast weather, but work it is 
really wants to go out tonight but has no one to go out with 
really wants to go snowboarding, to bad its summer 
really wants to go to warped tour this year.....    i hope my brother lets me.
Really wants to hand my notice in, work is really getting me down 
Really wants to listen to music...... 
really wants to put that wembley video or atleast some of the pics on fb but can't 
Really wants to see @OfficialITM  at Warped Tour, but no one wants to go with me. Sad face 
really wants to see a new dog park established in her area.  the 3 in the surrounding area are 20+minutes away... sux 
really wants to see blink 182 
Really wants to spend the day with mom but instead I'll be spending it at work where I spend all of my time. 
really wants to talk to you right now  ....
REALLY WHAT IS GOING ON BETWEEN US?  missin u like hell!  hope ur day was ok .
really windy so my clothes are drying outside! Now I'll be washing the floor for a while, Rebekah made a sticky mess on it 
Really wish all Blogspot users would allow Anon comments.  So many lovely blogs I can't show love to...
really wish I could go to the meet and greet tonight but I don't have the fundage. 
really wish i could have graduated.  rachhh.//.
really wish i could spend time with my dad &amp; sister this week 
really wish i had a &quot;lets walk down the street without a top on cuz its sooo sunny&quot; kinda body 
Really wish I had a license for Linotype FontExplorer X. Seems like really awesome software 
Really wish I had £3,000 spare for invisible braces! My wonky teeth are pissing me off 
really wish i was at relay for life noww , startinq to qet super boredd 
really wish i was going to IMATS  i want sum mufe goodies and brushes
Really wish I was going to see Tay Swift tonight 
Really wish I was going to some good festivals this year 
Really wish i was not nice sometimes. My ex is wanting to come see me at work. 
Really wish I wasn't working all week, I wanna go enjoy the sun  please stay till the weekend mr sunshine!
Really wish little birds would stop flying into the windows! 
Off to ikea with blythers and @sphericalmap. yawn didn't sleep well 
Off to install some more carpet.... the weekend is officially over. 
Off to interview I go! With a banging headache n sore thoat! 
Off to Iowa with @benjaminlindner @kansasjackass @tjwills00 @moreauphone @ColinCurtisKS and @ksuchoice for #MWYDA - Sadly not @kellyjay7 
Off to Iowa with @benjaminlindner @kansasjackass @tjwills00 @moreauphone @yonahana and @ksuchoice for #MWYDA - Sadly not @kellyjay7 
Off to let the Mad Scientist pry around in my eyes 
Off to lighten my wallet!  The van needs a new O2 sensor.  
Off to London for the day on Thursday, it's gonna be raining, oh fab  won't see much on the London Eye! Still Robbie won't care bless him
Off to London in the morning. There once was a time I enjoyed traveling for work. Now it's just a chore! 
Off to London today for the nma awards. I do feel a little sick today though 
Off to look at #Python books, along with the USUAL weekly shop.  Computer book selection in #Poughkeepsie is pretty limited. 
Off to Los gatos. Plans for the night fell through.... 
Nothings better than having to take a cold shower in the morning 
nothings f'ed up. i just need to talk to her hahahahhaha.. 
nothings goin right todayyyyyy 
Nothing's gone right for me today.  wanted to work around house and pressure washer busted and all drills uncharged. &amp; blew fuse can't fix
nothing's on tv to watch  last tweet of the day. good night people&lt;3 (:
nothink really pretty bored and sick 
Notice me 
Noticed #barrichello as a trending topic (Rubens Barrichello, the Formula 1 driver) but most posts using that hashtag are not in English 
Noticed @dog_tree have joined twitter. Love Dogtree. Missing my labrador all of a sudden 
notices that the Windows 7 release date is after the date on which the free TechNet subscription expires 
notices that torrenting yields lower down speeds than before... and complete domination of anything else involving internet. 
noticing some of the long-time java guys seem, well, less happy about JavaOne this year 
notmuch of anything 
NOTORIOUS was Awesome! I almost squeezed out a tear. I'm Halfway through my Chicago vacay...uh oh another tear. 
NOTORIOUS!! i need more followers  i want to have 100 by friday!
Nott Too Happy I Got Dressed All Nice For Me To Eat a Whole Tub Of IceCream... Then Falll Asleep On The Sofa By Accident. Jst Made Toast. 
Nov.20 new moon comes out! I can't wait. Jacob is way cuter than edward. I miss my Eduardo 
Novak no more  Congrats on making week 2 @andyroddick. Fed is about to take PH! SHARAPOVA LET'S GO!
Novas batatas do mac.... not that good.... 
November 20th,New Moon...it's so far away 
Now @mumbly_joe is trying to guilt me into coming to Alumni Weekend. I don't think I can make that either this year. I suck a lot. 
Now _why_ did I not think of that before?  
Now 2 hours bwr  With the other Funny guy xD :-D
really wish mum didnt would stop giving me jobs to do  then... band practise at 2...
really wishes her jaw would stop hurting.  
really wishes i can not go 2 work 2day, dont enjoy it 1 bit 
really wishes my HDD didn't die, I had all my old classic games on it  and no more Anime
REALLY wishes that her Bestie was here @ the moment.She needs someone to talk 2  .This truly sucks.She needs a shoulder to cry on (hmph)
Really wishes that sarah and derek didn't have to work today 
really wishes that the doctors would find out whats wrong with her. 
Really wishing I was at the mmvas 
Really wishing I was still on vacation. Too much to do today, most importantly I really have to cut the grass 
Really wishing my bff was here in ep right now 
Really wishing that products like &quot;fever&quot;, &quot;mint&quot; and &quot;perch&quot; would offer student licenses. 
Really wishing the site I'm working on right now had SSH access.  These 100 pics are going to take and hour to upload 
Really wishing there were a Law &amp; Order: SVU marathon on USA tonight.  I could use a dose of Olivia Benson. #svu
Really wishing Twitter would do something about releasing inactive usernames  Poking at @crystal @ev
Really worried 
Really worried about my aunt... Looks like ill be making a detour to Texas... 
really worried about my mom   
REALLY!!! BORED OF THIS CWK 
Really, eddie...was the 'Jason, I'm PREGNANT' poster necessary?! ...soo awkward 
Really, REALLY close to Google, yet not visiting.  http://bit.ly/8OxNy
Really, really fighting the urge to say &quot;screw it, I've been super-productive today&quot; &amp; go home. Just need to finish this one thing... 
really, really tired! 
Really, really want to start writing something but I've gotta be at work in less than two hours... Vacation is a sham! 
really, really, really stressed out from exam prep.  it's tearing me down.
really, really, REALLY, doesn't want to sit her Stats exam 
really, really, REALLY, R E A L L Y   wants to go to sleep... 
really, really, reeeaaally wants to see Ida Maria at Necto tonight. 
really,really badly!!!!!  http://plurk.com/p/xf6bp
really..? welcome to my world D: at least you had music.. :// when im bored as fuck i don't got sheeeet. 
really..really not feeling great 
really? ahh i feel bad now bc u guys talk bad about @AzRiElKeWl  n yea im talking third prsn
REALLY?! Snowstorm in April... Not fair! 
Really?!?! Because this is so typical of my life  I need to be with my best friend ..
Now 2 people dead 
Now am feeling sad with the wine, not giggly anymore 
now another day in a hot office 
Now at the airport - only 3hrs until the flight   No fun getting here early, but always worry about getting here late...
now at the end of long weekend, back to work tomorrow 
now at work, starting 3.5 hours early, leaving 3.5 hours early. @paleozoic wont be back for 3 whole weeks 
now awake again. Did I sleep? Meh. 
Now back to our regularly scheduled programming. Get to teach my regular classes today! Some kids have to be remediated &amp; retest though. 
Now back to revision and coursework after my last LAN (at least as a student)  Had a great weekend, and going to miss them
Now back to that fun bedrest..  Yaayyy....   ..But I'm still blessed... always a silver lining although at times it may be hard to see it
now breathg better. going 2 try 2 sleep 4 a few hours. going 2 be hard 2 give up the chewies &amp; raw granola w/oats, but i must.  need alt.
Now broke my theme trying to sort it out  Have reverted to my old theme. Will sort out later. Nostalgia? - http://bit.ly/uByYX
NOW can not wait for T4 on the Beach  xxxxx and a bit up set about aisling 
now cant sleep as the sun rises to early! 
Now car camping. Extreme winds blew our hand-me-down tent over and leaks bad. 
Now Carlos Tevez officially leaves Old Trafford. ManU needs serious help now. Sir Alex, please do something. Ohh, so many shocks... 
Really?!?!! how cool!  im sad @pauval
REALLY??  did that cute boy leave with my friend?? sooo unmatticus like  
Really????????   who's taking u? 
Realtime Twitter searches and trending topics: Which one is better - Monitter, TwitTabs or TweetDeck? I can't decide. 
REALY bored 2nite, every1 has left me talk about feeling lonely!  Not long 2 go though!
Realy can't sleep! Got school tomorrow cba to go german cw 1st lesson  such a bad half term fel into a stingingnettle bush tue well hurt 
Realy dont want to go out tonight...would rather stay in and watch the big brother eviction....how sad am i 
Realy need a cup of tea! can't believe we ran out of sugar 
realy want the sun to come back 
realy want to move into my flat NOW  fuck waiting till im 18 going 2 cause hell till i get kicked out lmao
Re-asking myself: Has your journalism brought change? 
Reason: ours didn't fit up the stairs.    Anyone looking for queen size box spring?  Great cond., good price.
rebaixando todos os epis�dios de gilmore girls, i just still not beliving i've lost my dvds 
Rebecca lft  Ewwww going 2 eat chinese food l8r. ugggggggggh.
rebecca minkoff sample sale ... website down ... 
Rebecca: you're traveling a lot lately huh | me:  ive got summer fever, curable only by airplane   |  Rebecca:  lol at least it's curable
rec game....trying not to cry...the pain is to much..i need him...can't lose him &lt;/3...my heart is breakingg 
recalling my days as a model, that sad  , I want to continue working as a model
Recap and our BGT verdict on http://damianlove.co.uk/ We've been blogging like crazy. Our fingers hurt from typing so much. 
Off to lunch in Paris, at McDonalds, sooo sad, alas close and quick food is never good...  I WISH I had time to go get something proper 
Off to lunch then back to revision 
off to lunch with the girls...my grandson suppose to come in again today, i was told he's coming in too often  i think it's true tho 
Off to lunch. Alone. 
off to matthews maybe? pins and needles in my foot though 
off to meet Liamsaur from work&gt; I hate buses 
Off to meetings in a moment, best part of 8+ hours in a car today  Newbury then off to Warrington in Cheshire...
off to Morro Bay. Last banquet as an active brother 
Off to my 13 hour day of work someone come visit me 
off to my cousins wedding in the middle of nowhere in dumfriesshire.  So remote even my phone doesnt work 
off to my exam. fking nervous! better not mess up too much  hope to come back to more Robsten news &lt;3
re-caulking a tub = not fun. 
Recebendo updates pelo twitter.tmn.pt e enviando pelo tweetaporsms.com ficam-me a 6 cêntimos cada SMS tweet  not cool
Received 3 weddings invitations from his friend in the last 2 days... Is my time near 
Received a complaint from a PR practitioner that some FIU PR graduates are not well prepared for pitching &amp; media relations.. @thesjmc. 
Received a weird 401 error (aka could not authenticate you) when using @askseesmic on the new update. 
Received latest edition of the Bible Study Magazine (May/June 2009), unfortunately haven't enjoyed previous editions as much as I'd like. 
Received my confirmation today.  Never felt so betrayed.... 
Received my Fisher Price toy camera today....but I can't fire it up because I don't have AAA batteries.   Who uses AAAs anyway?
received the package from Children International, even though I canceled my sponsorship.  my little girl is cute.  now I feel bad. 
Received THREE vaccine shots today so I won't get sick over in Vietnam.  But they hurt so badly now... 
receives an unwelcome call  http://ff.im/-4fChn
recently , I have nothin interesting to tweet about   . usually I have unusual events or something stupid happens to me , bt not recently
recently I keep waking up people from the other part of the ocean at crazy hours 
Now da damn driver jus shut da bus off n went inside cook! Ugh! I jus wanna sleeep! 
Now every Saturday till 8/4 for work.  sucks. And no Friday or Monday off for July 4th either.
Now everyone is talking about #iPhone.. When will I get mine? 
Now extremely worried. Feeling sick just thinking about it. 
now feels like an outcast at work and it is really sad. 
now feels so far away . . .  starting to really feel the bittersweetness of moving around.
Now for the bit that I least enjoy - dropping my kids back to their mum's house. 
now going  cya peoples!!
now going to bed...I'm tired as anything! gotta get up early for work... 
Now going to start my schoolwork.  Will probably fall asleep as i am really tired. Got very little sleep last night but it was worth it.
now groaning.owww..my fingers hurt! got hit by the window 'coz of the wind.  *cries
now had 10 conversations saying &quot;yes the net is down... No we don't know when it will be back up. Were monitoring it and well let u know&quot; 
now has a doctors appointment then another hospital one tomoro, i was right, day 2 and im already tired 
now has one less tooth 
now has tickets to see Tool AND Rise Against at the end of July. Entirely possible I'll be going alone to both. 
now has to empty underneath the stairs as somebody put the weights at the back; right at the back.  Ah well, getting there slowly.
Off to my favorite place-- the dentist--looks like I have broken a crown 
off to my internship and when that's over....off to work 
off to my last day of GOTR  what a great time! &quot;Girls on the Run is so much fun!&quot;
Off to my last day of work, and boom I start my internship in LA. I never get a break. 
off to my lessons--the last day  . Brb! ;)
off to my Psychology class. 
Off to Nanaimo 2day... missing my son already and i havent even left yet 
Off to New Orleans to see my grandmother one last time... 
Off to Newcastle. what fun... 
off to newmarket now! then work  but newmarket! haha
Off to Niagara for the day to do some gardening at Nonna's. Have to buy a new lawn mower since we forgot to check the oil level- oops 
Off to north bay to look at apartments .. 10 hours in the car today 
Off to North Port High Graduation, my little girl is all grown up! 
Off to NYC for some lovely fashion and passion! My lovely Mac isn't traveling with me  Tweet ya'll later!
off to nyc today.. and not for the mtv unplugged taping... f u mtv 
Off to Old Street with an headache 
off to one of  my &quot;favorite&quot; things to do: the dentist. 
Off to opening night meeting, missing the Tony's  Will catch up and watch them!!! Back ASAP!!
Off to Orgchem class - Sob  HAHAHA http://tumblr.com/xem1xrle9
Off to othradontist today 
Reception have now officially moved from the main office to the new Visitor Centre here at Snape. Strangely quiet without them 
Reception went great! Some good ideas for improving next year's event and a tasty dinner. And overtime! I did miss the kids though. 
Reception with my hiptop eqauls epic fail  Why can everyone else have recpetion bar me? its called i get the wrong end of the stick.
Recession = very few freebies at the dog events these days. 
Recession got me too. Just got fired. What a wonderful way to start a day.... 
Recital rehearsal. Stupid thing is slowing down 
recitals over no more dance till summer classes 
reckons people stress over the stupidest things sometimes. big ass head ache 
recliner didnt help. too much pain + no sleep = thanks 4 the mothers day gift. fuck me.  *Jessi Ann*&lt;3
Recognize A Manic Episode: http://bit.ly/4e3la  {This is what I'm going through right now.} 
Recognized 3 people on Skytrain from 12 years ago. Did not feel like talking to them so said sorry, I was someone else. Now I feel bad 
recognized, that my hun is in bed 
recommending &quot;paul oakenfold - global underground oslo&quot; - THANKS GU! I wish I had the entire collection... 
Now have a lump the size of gibralter on my forehead cause I walloped my head in work today 
now have a rotten head cold just in time for going to Melbourne... 
now have no-one to go to Europe with in August  Anyone want to go around Europe in August?
Now have to spend the night in Chicago 
Now having gorgeous cheese and onion limbos. The bad to work 
Now heading for St Pauls with no food or drink  #4amproject
Now heading to the bakers. I need a hug 
now he's really gone. R.I.P. 
now i actually do care, it was at 112, - now it’s at 85….  hey kristi, bet you wish you had a computer ; ) http://tumblr.com/xw423381s
Now I am depressed after watching so you think you can dance 
Now I am driving thru 436 traffic 
Now i am feeling 
Now I am off to visit my Mema in the hospital 
now I am really fucked... its pooring. I barely can see... 
Now I am trying to delete popeater and having no luck 
now i asked her to make a sandwich...and now...she's takin' a bath!!!wat the FUCK!!!i'm so hungry ryt now!!! FUCK HER!!! What a bitch! 
now i can never live my dream of looking out that giant window with all the people downstairs outside looking upp 
Now I can see why Dave Winer screams about lack of Twitter API, its limitations and access throttles!
now i can't even rant without it cutting me off. whatever happened to telephone? Or hell, speaking in person? I sound like grandpa 
now i cant go to new york today  
Now i can't load a back ground 
Record is at the pressing plant, artwork approved ... now we play the waiting game. 1,000,000 Delinquents coming to bit torrent soon 
Recorded 60 seconds of Disarm with Michael. Fingertips are uber sore 
Recording demos with @93s_Child in garageband!!!  Soon will be sending PowerBook off for repairs 
Recording is boring and intimidating. I'm not playing my best. 
Recording mixes at home is not as fun as playing at clubs....  
Recording session wasa bomb. Computer stopped working. 
Records retention policies are a PITA. 21 CFR Pt 11 is a PITA. Sarbanes Oxley is a PITA for a PM sometimes 
Recouping from an awesome and exhausting weekend. At work unfortunately 
recovered from the full weekend of the SYYC 09....emceeing is not easy 
Recovering after an 11 day Easter break in the Sun....back to work tomoro 
recovering from a long sea and anchor and very, very busy watch...time to get ready for duty section training  boo...
Recovering from a serious case of whiskey and water. I learned that in-call girls don't like when you pay in small bills  ... WHAAAAAAAAAA
off to Portland for my cousins wedding. i already miss my hubby 
off to print #dissertation for 10pm. There had better be ink/paper 
Off to Quebec City... 4 hours in halifax. Airport 
Off to real life work now 
Off to refresh myself!! It's still F-ing hot even with the A/C on 
Off to rehearsal for the Rob DeLucca thingy next month. Nothing like learning new songs last minute 
Off to revise for tomorrow's horrible exam. 
off to RPM! time to work hard &amp; get fit. its gonna ruin my awesome doo... 
Off to run an errand then to the gym! Then lunch with my girl Bella, last time imma see her for a while 
recovering from an injury made by laughing too much 
recovering from an unfortunate and absurdly stubborn migrane 
Recovering from beachfest! and not enjoying the hangover 
Recovering from Chicken Pox!  
recovering from Edinburgh marathon. Oh the pain. So hot, shredded feet. 1:35 for 1st half, 1:53 for 2nd, 3:28 overall. Not a PB 
Recovering from my sprained ankle 
recovering from the 4th migraine in 2 months 
recovering from the flu 
Recovering....DANG my mouth is hurting!!! 
recovery from stomach flu day. 
Recovring from a Hernia Operation i had Friday!....and in a lot of pain!!! 
recruitment workshop for 8 hours straight in about ... 7 hours (not really looking forward to it) aghhhhhhhh 
Recurring nightmare all night. Not cool, brain. Not cool. I just want to sleep. 
Red bank is bfp  party?
Red Barron microwavable canadian bacon and pineapple pizza with cheddar bacon chips... what the hell was I thinking? 
Red bull has coke in it! And I hate my stoopid dial-by-itself bb; it called jen! Who's 3 hrs behind me!  I sowee!
red bull start 1 /3... bari @ 2nd.... Ferrari's fall back again..  9 /11..
red bull, work, study, red bull, work, study..... my life is amazing right now!!!! 
Off to run Santa Monica Classic...Damn, will I ever get to sleep in this weekend??  I didn't think so 
Off to say goodbye to angel baby Darren... 
Off to school  @SaraBOSSY I wonder if we'll just watch movies for these last 3 weeks of school, since he said there is no more tests
off to school  someone save me and blow up school  but for now goodbye everyone
off to school  the weather is way to nice for school
Off to school :p talent show today. BORING!!! 
off to school now ! 
off to school now,,  dont get home til 5 today, got detention after school   
Off to school now. 
off to school now... 
off to school soon .. first class - history 
off to school soon, oh joy. I want to stay homr and watch some tv 
Off to school to work on my assignment. 
off to school tom. which is soo not good. i hate it 
off to school!  oh how I hate my life
off to school.  bad weather outside. And I haven't got a jacket T_T
Off to school. And I haven't had any sleep 
Off to school..  i have no choice! but hey, i see my besties! 
off to school.. 3 exams! I i miss that one guy..just wish he'd reply to my texts.... 
OFF to school; ugh Twitter needs something where you can &quot;text&quot; your status to them through regular messaging. I dont got twitterberry 
Off to schoool -_- this sucks about being normal - regents test credits BOO!-ya celebs got it good- no school 
Off to see @devilishpresley at the junction in Bristol doors 7 get there if you can, it's a benifit gig venue has been sold 
Off to see '17 again' tonight, can't believe school starts on monday 
Red hot, just finished 1 hour of p.e nah another hour! 
Red John is no Jack of all trades..  I miss Profiler.
red rover red rover, how many times am I gonna drop my blackberry till the night is over? 
red sox lost   . heading back to deerfield
Red Stars are currently down 1-0  http://www.chicagonow.com/blogs/chicago-red-stars-confidential/2009/06/red-stars-at-sky-blue-fc.html
red wine has given me an ouchy head 
Red wines done! I've been stuck in the apt all day 
Red Wings Crush Pittsburgh again 3 to 1 to Take A 2-0 Series lead in Stanley Cup Finals 
reddish &amp; Co. 
Reddit is down!  Now how am I supposed to not-work?
redecorated bedroom. what a boring sunday + i have a cold 
redid page 1 of CV. not showing lest ppl think i rip things off from places again 
rediscovering twitter wondering where all my friends are 
Redlands farmers market only from 7-10am 
red-lipstick stained. it just won't shift 
Redmond Bids Farewell to Dying Farrah http://bit.ly/JSwGJ #news very sad 
redoin' my nails now... any idea what to paint on it =S oh i fell in the air the headache is coming...  awww  x
Off to see Britney tonight though I'd rather be going to watch The Feeling instead 
Off to see my German girl for her last night in Brisbane 
Off to see my nephew play tennis. If I was in NY I'd still be asleep 
Off to see Take That while the boys are playing a gig ! Feels weird , I dont like it !  x
off to see the Doc 
Off to see the fella ... Almost forgetting what he looks like now that it's ever 2 weeks. 
Off to see the Fire Marshall about our sprinkler system and see the exposed South wall- supposedly horrible. 
off to see white lies at the barrowlands tonight, good times! although im not looking forward to walking in the bank holiday rain 
Off to Sheffield  Not in the effing mood! But for the benefit of @hughsbeautiful i will be sleeping on the Raft! So you can laugh!
off to sherwood later. gonna get so wet and muddy 
Off to slave world... 
Off to sleep now to get up and do more coursework 
Off to sleep now.....got an exam in the morning  sooooooo not looking forward to it, tho it is the last one  yay!!! plz wish dat i pass!
off to sleep! work tomorrow  such a bore , you know you love me xoxo  ??
Off to sleep.  that Next to Normal didn't win. I've been listening to that music since 2004 when it was a bootleg called Feeling Electric
off to sleep.. shameful there isn't any arms waiting for me, that i could fall asleep in 
Off to sleep... Hopefully my migraine goes away..    #fb
Off to Slough. 
Off to southend alone 
off to staff conference in a bit, sun is shining and we'll be stuck in a lecture theatre for most of the day 
Off to summer school 
Off to Syracuse for a week 
Off to Taco Bell for some grub.. Looks like it's gonna be a quiet and lonely Friday night 
Off to take my Macbook Pro to Leeds for an upgrade. Will miss having it 
Off to the acupunture 
Off to the airport.  Probably won't get to see hughes until july. Boo! I'm tired of saying bye!
off to the airport. bye bye CALI!  hello TEXAS!
Off to the airport..... my throat feels like I have shards of glass in it  Not a good way to start a week of working camp! Pray it heals!
off to the airport...but only to pick someone up. boo 
Off to the barn. I really hope i'm not riding jazz  im too tired.
off to the beach! haha gonna miss this weekend. hopefully something like that will happen again.  )) update soon in the beach if i can
Off to the Cemetery with @NatCall to go see my daddy on Fathers Day 
Off to the cricket for nans birthday still sick  but happy x
Off to the dentist, wish me luck 
off to the dermatologist, yet again... go away bad skin 
off to the doctor, then the vet...FUN   Rest of the day is going really well though so I can't complain.
off to the doctors again. I hate all this at the moment 
off to the doctors i go to get japped with needles 
Off to the doctor's today emily has a rash which looks like the measles 
Off to the doctors. Pre - op for tomorrow morning  I have my laptop with me don't cha worry bout that ;D
Off to the exam      Just want them all to end!
Off to the fair.. Even though it's raining 
Off to the frackin grocery store.  Yay for me. Blah!!!
Off to the game.  Guess I can't boo today.  
Off to the gym before work, although still knackered from yesterdays Cardio session 
Off to the gym!!!! 
Off to the gym. Once I get out of bed owh 
Off to the hell pit that is work  Monday mornings are bad enough without this horror to deal with. Means to an end, means to an end .....
Off to the hospital 
Off to the hospital soon. Kinda sucks I'm not allowed to eat anything  x
Off to the hospital!! My godfather was admited to it a few days ago and he will be there at least for a month. Sad 
Off to the job 
now I dont know whether I consider Brokeback Mountain to be the shittiest movie ive watched recently.
now i dont love Hofland anymore 
Now I feel a bit bad for missing my Shakespeare class 
now i feel homesick 
Now I feel hopelessly sad  stupid dreams
Now I feel like I should watch what I saw or they'll come for me... 
NOW I feel like I'm a MAJOR part in the demise of Hip Hop......  Thanx Biggie...! Now I gotta re-do my whole SET!!!
Now I feel like quiting Youtube n twitter 
now i feel really bad about not going to school tomorrow  im sorry alys
now I feel really bad, need more sleep, work in 1h 
Now i feel really really bad...sorry 
Now I feel sick. 
Now I get to rub Cally-girl's furry belly ... Until she hears an interesting sound in the hallway. Sorry, still not #waterwanderer 
Now I got my iPhone, anyone know a good Japanese learning app? Seen a couple but wondering if anyone has used any, time for sleep now 
now i got nothing to do until 1noon only got class.. how??? 
Now I got the subject Data- &amp; Application Developement. It's so intresting. Why must be outside a sunny wether? 
Now I guess I better go contribute to the argument my group is having on starting levels in Spycraft. Couldn't stay offline the whole day 
Now I hate Harry Potter, and when they said this I knew they were getting to me.
now i hate love songs. 
Now I have 2 paper weights, one looks like a keyboard, the other one looks like a laser mouse! Pfffffff 
now i have 6 hours of updating to look forward to 
Now I have a backache. Oh Lord, please forgive me 
now i have a huge urge to meet @stephenjerzak  TOO BAD I CANT EVEN GO TO HIS SHOW
Now I have a nose bleed.  Ga'dammit what's next?!?!
Now i have a warzone in my head and my house 
Now I have done my revision, time to tidy my room 
now I have my twitter and FB web master. thanks AJ for the help. 
Now I have NESN video and some other audio. 
now i have no idea what to watch.. every channel i turned, it's a weird show.. 
Now I have no iPhone because of the itunes problem!  Can't even restore it! Now what?
now i have no place to lay my foot on  i wonder who took it..
Now I have to bike the 30 miles home before my 1:00pm appointment. 
Now i have to do chores.... hoorah. 
now i have to do homework,,,,  i hate homework. My friend's mo works for the school board and is trying to stop ALL homework. GO DARLENE!
re-downloading Adium to see if after that i can log in 
re-downloading songs for itunes. poop. 
Reds just gave the Cubs another chance ... 
Red-Sidekick just got pampered in a new quite-fancy place, while its master didn't get any pampering whatsoever 
Reduced fat all natural peanut butter...why even bother eating it? I might as well go lick a cardboard box. mmmmm 
redundancies announced a day earlier. not me but I'm gutted 
Redundant pieces of code lying here and there, stealing beauty and elegance from the projects's source, 
redwings 3-0  
Reed and Johnny are destined to forever be without an intact Sue. 
Reeeeally wish I was at the 303 in the 212 BBQ with @AllGrownsUp @denverdan4life @spencertron @grahamnation303 and all the homies!! 
Reef View in SLNE, I want it for my own! I can just smell the salt air and feel the sand crunching under my bare feet.  RL limitations 
reeling from a day of holding dying whales. Very sad indeed to see so many beautiful creatures die 
Ref must have swallowed that whistle on that trip 
Reformatting my Comp 
reformatting my resume while I wait for my interview... no work on set for me today!  
refused 
Off to the land of nod... hope the dream doesnt come again 
Off to the last day of school  Last day with Marta. #fb
Off to The lumberyard  
Off to the movies!  Missing my booger niece bre wishing hers could go to the movies w/ me 
off to the netherlands tomorrow ! yech gotta pack 
Off to the Pink Fun Day at work. I'm wearing a pink polo shirt I saw in the shop yesterday. It is a man's shirt - but it's pink. 
off to the pool....missing my honey 
Off to the post office 
off to the sticks for party time...oh the joy of being sober... 
Off to The studio ... I'M SO TIRED!!  Lol
Off to the supermarket for me while 8 month pregnant wife takes a nap-we just been in town meeting her grandma&amp;now she's exhausted 
off to the vampire's office. sure do wish someone was along to hold my hand. I don't likeit the needles 
off to toronto today for Lenni's surgery, poor little guy's lookin at me like &quot;why don't I get any breakfast?&quot; 
now i have to go to work... booo work 
Now I have to wait for her she says. 
now I have weird gums 
Now I is cold because beautiful boy who hasn't shaved for me went away 
Now i just wish hed like me 
Now I know why I do not frequent Chili's .... It is borderline &quot;aight&quot; at best 
Now I know why it's called 'Play...Doh!'  This stuff should be in child proof containers   (Thank you for the expression Homer Simpson)
Now I know y my friends do this to me well I guess I just want to know things on my own and I just really really really miss them so much 
now i look like i just came from phils 
Now I musst clean my car!!! And I dont like to do it!!!   But this evening we made a Barbecue and I like it!!! 
Now I need to replace a frame, the glass was scratched and need to buy one more and need to re print one print 
now I need to train her to use the litter box 
Now I only have a tv  and im gonna be taking  That down soon
now i only wish that @apple would sync my ADC/dev accounts 
Now I realized how much people expect from me,its too much.. 
Now I really really want starbucks 
now I remember I haven't mailed the fathers day present. and I've had it for weeks. I hate when I do that. Dad, it's on the way...late. 
Now i remember those mOmO's 
Now I remember why I don't drink scotch.  Feeling the burn right now.
Now I see why people like to drink just washes all worries away. 2 bad the pain is still there afterwards  Miss her you forever Tee
now I shld think much more before  rm -Rf ~/tmp/* I lost 2 hours of work after my last tmp removing  don`t forget, don`t leave then there
Now I think they all went to Father's Day dinner.  Sick. Alone. On a weekend. Hello, pity party!
Regents exams today 
Regents here I come 
Regents test June 16  At lest when i come home I'll have JB's CD...
regentssss 
Regina Lee, let's go for sushi. Hakim, let's go for Manhattan Fish. See, they're all fish. I like fish 
registered for next year.. individual tax, acct systems and control, presentational speaking, and consumer behavior.. oh fun 
registered for the september LSAT test! had to drop 132 big ones for it. In addition to the $1300 for the class  I BETTER DO WELL
Registered to Facebook. I hate myself.. (&quot;ii2&quot; is already full of pictures!  )
Registering online for classes is such a hassle. Transfering to North campus, sooo sad 
Regreting friday nights wicked mixes  caused a lot of nuisance
regrets deleting those YouTube  videos a while ago or at least not backing them up 
regrets her chips and sausage lunch  .... feels all heavy in my tummy!! extra motivation for the gym tonight tho!!!
Regrets installiin twitteride.. I want twidroid back  hope they fix bugs soon ;| twidroid waay cooler w gps loc &amp;straightfwd pic sharing!
regrets melissa having cat fish too 
regrets missing a couple of Maksim's piano concerts  http://plurk.com/p/113tbe
regrets not being on the fam vacation right now...myrtle beach sounds soooo much better than last days of school. 
regretting all of my mistakes to him.  and try to remember all my sweet memories with him. omg, it look like i'm a real frustated!
Regretting my decision not to go to download, big mistake 
regretting not buying lollys when she went grocery shopping 
regretting the airbrush design on the nails...looks cheap 
Regretting the fact that I didn't put my foot down and buy a bike while in Pune... there is so much do to on wheels there 
regretting wearing shorts now, i was fooled into thinking it would be warmer today  goose-bumpy legs are not a good look
Rehab on my groin all week 
Rehearsal for our musical all dayy  SO TIRED!
Rehearsal time! Im still feeling kinda carsick 
Off to traffic court I go 
Off to tutor... Another 7 day working week for me..  I need a break soon!!!
Off to va beach to get my tattoo finished... But without my honey @zombiecaptnhook...   first time without him.
Off to visit our puppy b4 we pick her up nxt wk woz goin 2 go 2 bootsale but its raining 
off to volleyball..really don't feel like going..i'm so tiiiireddd 
Off to walk the dog.... is this OPRESSING HEAT  Yuck! G'ville, about to break a record today, and I live in it.  
off to watch chloe and caden soo happy i havent seen them since tuesday stupid tummy flu  yay ... today
Off to watch Corrie &amp; have little cry later over some sad news 
off to watch Hot Fuzz - again, wish @helenax33 was here  . . text you tomorrow retard?
Off to watch Marley &amp; Me with Miss8. I hope its not sad, I'm terrible with sad animal movies 
off to watch the news - will be depressing of course 
Off to watch wolf and Cub tonight. Beers and live music makes for a good Friday. Might cheer me up as gf left for NY this morning 
off to west bloody buckland still even though its hammer down!!!! feeling bit down at the moment though as well!!! 
now I too must shun. shunshunshun. 
Now I understand...in other news, UGH! Where did you go? I hate when you just sign off randomally without a goodbye 
now i want a tattoo. But I dunno what to get 
Now i want Amanita  ...someone made me feel unliving.
Now I want the 3G S for speed and the camera.....  http://gizmodo.com/5293388/iphone-3gs-review
Now I want to watch Master and Commander again, but our only copy is long overdue. 
Now I wish I was going to Miami this weekend!  Next time plan in advance Lee!
now iam broke  
Now if only i could nail down that last interview for the program tomorrow, then i could have it in the can and go home 
Now I'll NEVER win the Hair lottery 
now i'll see my new dvd of mcfly and after, sleep...class tomorrow  xx
Now I'm a complete Suzaku fan-girl, sorry LuLu 
now im all depressed. 
Now I'm all fucked off with the world  I hate you and your mood ruining ways, Crumpler 
Now I'm being dragged off to another store. 
now im bored 
now i'm bored 
NOW I'm crying  ...I'll be back later...too sad/mad to tweet anymore...
Now i'm depressed..... 
Now I'm down to 10% battery! 
now I'm drinking a latte,all I need now is a cookie 
now Im full and I got tomato sauce on my shirt 
now im getting bored  darn it i miss my porny (
Now I'm getting scared! This flu doesn't seem to be going away... yikes! Going to doctor right away! 
now im getting stressed 
Now im going for some starbucks with @RyanLollis before he heads back upstate 
now I'm going to bed, called out sick 
Reiko is left  she's back saturday... I miss youu my best !!
re-imbursments.. i hate doing this bills claims job 
reinstalled OSX, lost all of my RSS from mail.app. help 
Reinstalled the PC system and met some problem... Have to try again tomorrow night.   
Reinstalling album art, resubscribing to podcasts... setting up port forwards. I took giant steps backwards today. 
Reinstalling Flash Player 10. The default CS4 install on a brand new MBP running a clean install of 10.5.7 was SCREWED! Same with my iMac 
Reinstalling Vista on a new HD after my last one died  #fb
Reissue, repackage, repackage - there's a new remaster of Southpaw Grammar out - and I'm probably going to buy it. 
rejected 
REJECTED! 
Rejection hurts even when it is no ones fault  I feel sad now, going to lunch.
Rejoicing over Pacman's win, but totally disappointed about the Fed's loss  http://tinyurl.com/c9xltg
Rejoicing that Aldeana is home w/ her Savior, grieving because I loved her like a mother. Praying for the Hinkle family during this time. 
re-keywording my Alamy collection - painful work 
Rel @abhishek Just visited to doctor, He gave me one big injection  &amp; some tables.
Relapsed and sick again! With a 100.6 fever 
relasing in may here 
Relationships are hard to come by. I really liked him. 
relationships are very hard to maintain.. and its even harder to witness a relationship struggling to move on.. i wish i can help 
Relationships suck so bad 
Relax till tom... But then laundry is on 
Relax time on my bed . Text - ing with my boy. I miss him already 
Relax time. i miss U9 
relaxin again today ~ do not look forward to work tomorrow 
Relaxin at home after a stressful doctor apt 
Off to work    latah!
Off to work  , then Cubs game tomorrow 
off to work  come visit me
Off to work  feel for me sisters
Off to work  http://myloc.me/5zIs
off to work  my feet hurt so bad...wont be able to stand for 5hours!
Off to work  shoelace is digging in my foot. Ouch!
Off To Work  Started A New Blog Take A Look www.whoiscoggy.webs.com
off to work  then out for drinks with girls, who's coming?
off to work  too dam early
off to work  very tired
off to work  will tweet tonight x x
off to work - wishes the farrier would pick up his cunting phone!  . *angry face*.
off to work 10 to 5 not in the greatest of moods 
off to work again  but the circus is coming in 12 days
Off to work and a non stop no fun weekend. 
Off to work and it's doin good weather outside.............. oh what joy. catch ya laters 
off to work for 10 hours !  then got the house of myself for tonight, probably some tv time i think *-) x
off to work for a few... home later to relax! damn my back hurts 
Off to work I go  ...
off to work i go - i saw my grandads bro today - made me miss grandad so much as he sounded just like him - 5 months from i buried him 
Off to work i go on a monday  boo hoo !
Off to work I go, no cooler than before 
Off to work in a bit  at least it's raining.
off to work in five minutes..head is thumping  and its raining, oh the joys of living in Scotland!
off to work in this heat 
off to work now 
off to work now ... it too hot again 
Off to work now and last day of the easter holidays so back to college aswell tommorow 
off to work on a yet another bank holiday 
off to work on this beautiful day 
off to work shortly 
Off to work soon, I really need to find a career with better hours...I hate not having the evening with my family 
Off to work soon.. Work sucks.. I wanna go to Oslo 
Off to work then to put my apt complex in check bc they dont know how to file important info. Now they say i owe money 
now im gonna put my honda up for sale, then my nissan... 
Now I'm having second thoughts on the colour of the hoodie i bought  Its meant to be a surpriiiiiiiisev 
now I'm hungover 
now i'm hungry can't decide what to eat 
Now I'm just sad. Incredibly sad. It doesn't matter. He won't care either way. 
now i'm missing information and dunno what's needed and tested. 
Now I'm ok but Ruby's tummy hurts.  I tried to rub it for her but she didn't want me to. We're both so tired. Must sleep.
now im really confused... great 
now im rocking out to &quot;you belong with me&quot; by @taylorswift13 it basicly describes my life except mine hasnt had a happy ending 
Now im sad  Angryaussie is is following courtney.... *crys a river* I WANT HIM TO FOLLOW ME TOO
now I'm sad  but &quot;Body Lotion&quot; makes me happy everytime I listen to it. Shah you're a genius!
NOW IM SAD BUT IM NOT GIVING IN FIRST..I DIDNT DO NOTHING!!!!    :**-(
Now im sad my cool as water bottle broke . . 
Now im sad that im gonna miss Quan's grad. from USC 
Now i'm sad too 
Now I'm sad...I was wrong...the oasis is still closed...I jst hapnd on it on a day it ws open...they don't hav the funds 2 maintain it... 
Now I'm scared of going in the kitchen. Fml  at least I got a good laugh at my mom jumping and screaming. Pricess.
now im sick though  im just glad i got sick when i got home and not while i aws in quebec!
now i'm sick! 
Now I'm studying again! I'm very tired 
Now I'm up and wide awake!!! Darn mid evening naps...have you up all night 
Relaxing a little bit after a ridiculously long Saturday.  Really wanting a beach vacation soon! 
Relaxing Accidently missed church  my alarm didn't go off.
Relaxing after a semi-long day at work. My cell phone is dead and my charger is 150 miles away  Oh well, such is life. Lol!
Relaxing after another wonderful trip to the ER ..... *sigh* I hate being sick 
relaxing after the 8th grade dinner dance. So sad my kids are leaving me in four days................ 
relaxing at home on mother's day, too bad my mommy to be has to work. 
Relaxing cuz my finals are over! Yay!Tomorrow's the last day of school! I'll miss everyone over the summer.  I'll keep in touch w/twitter.
Relaxing evening with the hubby . . . watching a movie, cuddling . . . and he fell asleep   Should I wake him up?
Relaxing Finally.. Went to a Funeral today  Hate Funerals but I always support my Friends
Relaxing for a second then the search is back on ...gotta get this funding to expand my program  
relaxing on my bed and reading Stephanie Meyer's Breaking Dawn. Don't want to finish it 
Relaxing on the glassy Columbia! Wish my knee didn't hurt 
Relaxing with sister. Then work at 6. I've got a huge headache 
Relaxing! I dont want the weekend to end tomorrow 
relaxing. then work ugh 
Relaxing...not gonna happen much this week  but...HOPEFULLY getting my Mac and Camera!  YAY AG PRODUCTIONS
Relay for Life today and then back home without internet 
relay for life was fun, untill a storm came and we had to leave 
Off to work this afternoon. Wish I could stay at home and do some recording?  - oh well. Guess I have to pay the bills!
off to work this morning  Film school is in the works though!!
Off to work to clear out my desk 
Off to work today   Double weekend this week that I planned before @nkotb changed the show date.  The things I do for them...
Off to work w/a nasty hangover 
Off to work with an awful neck condition 
Off to work! Dumb septa always making me run late. No breakfast this am!  
Off to work!! 
Off to work, home around 1130 probably  visit me at eskimo king or text!
off to work, not too happy i would much rather be alseep with the bf 
off to work.  bye.
Off to work.  Many days of great weather in Belgium.  Seems only the weekends have rain 
Off to work. ....hmmm 
Off to work. 12 hour shift INSIDE whilst its hot as hell outside... feel sorry for me. 
off to work. 8:30-sometime ..... 
Off to work. 9 till 5. Grumble grumble... 
Off to work. Almost dead. Its going to be a bad bad day  I can just tell.  Think of me whilst youre tucked up in bed sipping tea!
Off to work. Bet the a40 is busy as usual 
off to work. cant wait for camp!! still waiting on a phone 
Off to work. damm thinking of quitting  Uploading video while at work
Off to work. I have completed no homework what so ever meaning tonight will be gay 
off to work. i'm missing out on fun tonight 
off to work. must be a national holiday 
off to work. No-one at 14 should work! 
Off to work. Not lpking likee there is going to softball... 
Off to work. Someone kill me now? Please?  xx
Off to work. Wish I could listen til the end.  You are all so lucky. Have fun!!! #asot400
off to work.. 
off to work.. Booo 
Off to work.. damn my polo has holes in it  wtf howd that happen?
Off to work.. for the sixth 'part time' shift in a row. 
off to work.. goodbye lazy world! 
off to work.. super tired this morning.. shouldnt have watched the movie so late 
Now i'm watching 'The Greatest Game Ever Played' knowing the Yankees are going to blow it. So much for first place. Wild Card bound 
Now I'm watching The Tonight Show. Jay Leno's last show. 
Now in Albert Dock with @danbayliss and @SteveBrownCroy.  Hurt me ankle getting off the train - ouch 
Now in bed with sick toddler. Poor Max  http://twitpic.com/4h31l
Now in Indiana. I wish the rain would stop. This doesn't feel like summer. 
now it did  But still can't get it saved 
Now it's 4.45, and my wish didn't come trueeee.  4.44, you have failed me as a time to wish for things.
now it's 9 more minutes. isn't waiting fun.   oh and also, I have nothing to say.
Now it's gonna get wet &amp; dirty 
Now it's just getting annoying. I want to sleep!  One sheep two sheep three sheep...
Now it's not letting me use ANY pictures 
Now it's the cotton eyed joe and my loser sister is dancing to it! 
Now it's the damn service in the basement!  Night y'all @hexenwulf, @thisisbree, @glinax!
Now its time 4 bed, gotta go 2 work 2morrow  () night night
Now its time to move onto my ap us history homework 
now ive finished school, i kindaa miss it 
rele wants to record a video but im still sick 
RELEASE IT!!! Sprint you are slacking major!!!!!! I WANT THAT PALM PRE 
releasing negative energy through exercise! Bad day at werk 
Reli cant be arsed to do anythin' !! So tired  Recoverin from last night x
Relief teaching again today. Five days in a fortnight - I'm gonna enjoy this pay! What's that, car insurance due? 
Relieved that I've found my Book of Reports, delegate badge, and registration card. Wishing I could take Susanna this year. 
religion assignment 
Religiously following stocks!!! in red now 
reliving conor oberst show memories - i miss it 
reliving every moment from 30 years ago with every news report out of iran l- can't be too good for the baby 
reliving every moment from 30 years ago with every news report out of iran less than 5 seconds ago- can't be too good for the baby 
Rells, our founding father, just left Agony for good  So goes an era.
Reloading all of my apps because I screwed up and wiped most of them out 
Reluctantly cracking the books...but longing for the beach 
Reluctantly deleting the THN.com app from my phone. Phooey on off season. 
Remaining easter eggs for breakfast- bad move 
Remark I just overheard &quot;Yes, I send nothing but links to my site on Twitter. If I can't many money off those fools, why use Twitter?&quot; 
Remarks vse taki priznan bankrotom... http://bit.ly/16EhXZ  , a vse tak horosho nacinalos... 
Remember ... &quot;tis' better to have MVP'd then not than never to have MVP'd at all&quot; ... Probably still sucks to loose one though. 
Remember ..... Hold on to all the moments and save them as memories and Laugh often and Enjoy Life ... Because all to soon it can be gone 
Remember all that shrimp I was talking about? Well I ate some baked stuffed last night &amp; marinated rest. The bowl fell and BROKE! so sad 
Now I've stopped using it because the UI REALLY needs polish. Miss a key and you click the mouse = bad UI design. Awkward Keyboard layout 
now just to get wraith loaded don't think I will be playing again tonight 3 days in a row now 
now leaving Corpus Christi 
Now let's make this 4 hours without power 
Now living hereis going to suck for the next few months. 
Now maybe I can get another cup of coffee, since the first one spilled 
Now my back hurts because I braced myself for the fall with my right arm.  I'm in pain.
Now my background is 10x worse... 
Now my biggest fear is getting my heartbroken again. by Demetria , tirou as palavras das pontas dos meus dedo 
Now my eyes are stingin more than beforeee  nt good
now my grampy has a brain hemorrhage 
Now my head's all sexy and I don't have a date to go on 
Now my iPhone's wifi is broken  ... At least I've got a fun week in store in Orlando! Wooo!
Now my mac jst punished me for not turning It off for over 2 months by going all blank screened, I had loadsa tabs dammit!! Now to reboot 
NOW MY MOUTH FEELS NUMB.  hahahah. wtf is this.
now my mouth tastes really bad 
now my pic isnt workin 
Now my stomach hurts - that's not good 
Now no music at #bna4 
Now off to Peters for ice cream. Not as good as the old days though.  #yyc
Now off to work 
Now Off to Work  http://tumblr.com/xsp1m486u
Now officially confused in accounting... Bring out the fractions and It goes over my head 
now on 2359 BUT still got loads left to write...im guna have to edit this sooo much arghhh not even thinkin of the biblography yet 
Now on day 4 with our missing Kitteh.  
Now on park and ride bus back to my car but haven't got my Ipod today 
Now on the train.  It's dripping again.  
Now on to a new diagram  Mondays suck
Now on to helping my best buddy and his wife pack the truck to move. 
Remember 'mod' demoscene music?  I was sad to learn yesterday that my favorite 'tracker', Basehead, doesn't even write music anymore. 
remember never afk no matter what zone you are in 
Remember Scanners? That's how my head feels right now  Boo!
remember someone's words &quot;stop acting like ure strong from those shits.i know ure fragile&quot; AARGG 
Remember that #2 best dog in the world? Just ate a blue ink pen on the white carpet in the living room of the house were trying to sell 
Remember that Torture skit off WuTang 36 Chambers? I got one to add--can't eat my lunch with these tight a$$ braces on, but I'm hungry!!! 
Remember the fallen every day [pic] http://tinyurl.com/kq2vrw #fallenheroes 
Remember the show perfect strangers? I miss that show 
Remember The Titans still chokes me up 
Remember those days drivin down the freeway &amp; there's a car on fire. I don't know about u but that's common on the 60Fwy. 
remember when Nokia made the best phones?  ♫ http://blip.fm/~8me1g
Remember yesterday I predicted it was going to be a bad week? I was spot-on with that prediction. Today's been complicated and negative. 
Remembered the wrong time. Happy hour next Wed...  Anyway, find some place to relax and cook up some dinner!
Off to work...  And my new phone still hasn't came!! Ugh.. Hopefully it will be here when I get home!
Off to work... Again. Who am i gonna talk to.... Lisa's gone. 
off to work.... 
Off to work....  blech
off to work......... 
Off to work...boooooooo! 
off to work...no drunken behaviour without my drinking buddy tho 
Off to work...on a Sunday morning 
off to work.missing tllts.  
off to workkkkk 
off to worrrkkk  roll on 9pm!
Off to Yorkshire to visit the boys can't wait for the joy that is national express east coast 
off tomorrow ! Irish on wednesday, tá mé meáradh  Katie price,reschedule dublin soonnn [L] xx
Off too shop!! (: .. Tomorrow:S 
Off too work now kids  till 2.30 arghh x
Off until Monday...not going to relax too much..have a ton of laundry to get done 
Off work 2day, thank God cuz Im n alot of pain    
Off work And feelin like shit. 
off work sick  get to watch all my sky+ stuff though watching a film with @ddlovato &amp; @selenagomez in, so far so good. xoxo
Off work til Wednesday. Joy. 
off work today, sore throat, feel soooo tired, guess the hen weekend shenanigans have caught up with me, 4am bedtime is not good! 
now only 2 hours till work - sad panda 
now owes someone 20 bucks and cocoa rice krispy treats.  damn lakers. haha
Now part of the walking dead... I'm so, so tired 
Now Playing: Long Distance by Brandy 
now- Pretty Girl by Jon B is playin- what happened to Jon B? Hmm... I got his last album- It's ooookkkkkkaaaaayyyy like- so-so 
now sandy's leaving. triple 
NOW school's really starting. I felt a little funny labeling my stuff 2A. I miss 1B 
Now she's been gone too long.  The idea is better than the reality... I miss her.  
Now she's calling Aaron and me assholes 
now she's sitting on the steps, crying. awwww poor baby 
now sims 2 isnt working, bloody excellent 
Now sittin at Lansing Mall with nothing to do and nothing to buy. Broke 
Now sitting and reading Robin Sharma's monk who sold his ferrari. This book laid on my bookshelf 4 years.  Angry at myself, but optimistic
now sitting at the Atlanta airport waiting for my flight to Orlando-wish I was going to Disneyworld 
now sporting an edgier do and coming down with the flu  Ha that rhymes
now starting packout... have to have it all put away and be on shuttle to LAX by 4p 
Now stupid fax no ink, even more TENSI!! 
Now that @CWills23 is gone, Twitter is my only friend  BUY DINNER SHOW TICKETS TO KEEP ME COMPANY AND FREE ME!!! I am going crazy.
now that breakfast is over, ihave to go to work 
now that I am listening to classic rock station I miss my guitar hero so much  boo!!
Now that I am no longer in school thereisno excuse to avoid exercise 
Now that I am officially living in RI, I am beginning to appreciate all of my friends in Boston and the city in general. Miss you already 
Now that I have my #Win7 on our work domain I see that it also has slowness issues if I forget to unmap the work network drives.  
now that i know how long my pop has left, I want to be with him. I love you pop, please dont leave me 
Now that I'm done with decorating the cake and all, I'm beginning to think it doesn't look that great.  
Now that I'm in the bed I'm not sleepy soooo whack!!! Another night alone 
Now that I'm in Turkey, all the mail I've been expecting has been arriving in the UK. Booo. 
now that i've decided to stay in London this weekend - best do some work 
now that ive reached the top level in restaurant city, its boring na 
now that my car is back in NJ, i can't go to barnes and noble to get the new sarah dessen book 
Now that my cousin @paulanicole13 said she's eating a bagel, i want one 
now that she iis finally off it it's time for my snuggle and curl positon tom i will send out follows since i missed follow friday! 
Now that the A/C works in the house people want to OD on this ish. I have a stomach ache now 
Now that the musical is over  how much of my hair should i cut five or six inches off?
Now that the numb is beginning to wear off, my mouth hurts.  And I'm hungry. This is a terrible combination.
now that the playoffs are over...there's nothing on TV 
Now that the series has ended, the Transformers Animated toy line is cancelled, half of the toys haven't even been released in Perth yet! 
now that thers no more m&amp;j show what will i look fwd 2  in the mornings,no more monday morning mix 2morrow 
Now that traffic has finally cleared up, it's time for me to go home. Worked more than 11 hours today. What a day... 
Now the Eagle. Molly's too short 
Now their playing Christina Aguilera's &quot;Dirrty&quot;. Lovely.  Know what's NOT lovely? I get to take my Canucks flag off of my car 
now there are onions in my keyboard and my mcc iceream tastes like mothwash. 
Now there's this buisness of getting up an hour early to catch the bus to work  in Reno, NV http://loopt.us/ijDyEQ.t
NOW THEY ARE PLAYING MEXICAN MUSIC AND SINGING WTF OH MY GOD DRUNKEN MEXICANS ARE ACTING STUPID OUTSIDE MY HOUSE WHY NOW I WONT SLEEP 
now this is getting ridiculous... the rain needs to stop so I can go to work watering some flowers 
Now this weekend is my bday, and its not even  starting off right 
Now tired and annoyed at the bus. Going to be late for work 
Now to get onto the hardware side with finding V and I sense on my elto power meter - which are now $25 not the $20 I paid before 
now totally bummed... the guy im like totaly in love wit tellin me bout him wit sum courtney chick... ima bitch slap her ughhh so sad 
Now trying to write the demo script without music to keep me focused. 
Now under mom's bed cuz charger can only reach here n lite can b kept. but not clickin sound  ok. better give up now n get back in bed.
Now up in Dundee workin in the rain  god I love my job ! ! !
Now using Digsby! Goodbye YMessenger... Still add me up through YM:myalper_478... Still sad 'coz of Ars (denial x6) and... secret. 
now using new 2-way satellite internet connection. It works, most of the time, but you wouldn't mistake it for real broadband 
now wait for the statement comin from pak on India's hand in lahore attack.. let the political game begin 
Now waking up is hard to do, sleeping's impossible too 
Now watching Platoon, i wish i could shoot beringer's ass from my bed 
Now we are officially in bed. Kiel had late night drunken heartburn. 
now we continue with Atonement  bahahaha omg its still really really hot  suuucks!!!
Now we must wait another year for lost 
now we only have 3377 followers. im never gonna tweet again 
Now we're talking. I'm in traccic in Abuja. Haha! But even at that, it's only like Kingsway Rd on a sunday 
Now what?  
Now what? My best friend isn't coming with me to Warped. 
Now who will bring me my giant $10,000,000 check?  http://tinyurl.com/nmrzkc
Now wiishes i stayed for more than 4 songs at hot chip 
Now will wait my letter reach their management office n when they contact me I will pull their hair off from those monkeys tat involved 
now working. need money!! lol ah... i feel like shit...  life is bored ((
Now you can't see other people's number of updates 
Now you're blowing smoke, i think you're one big joke. You walk a mile in my shoes and then you'll tell me about singing the blues. 
now, 3 teardrops. 
Now, only 10 billion more shopping carts to go. 
Now, the serious study starts 
Now, this currently makes me sad: I missed my 1000th update because I'm on tweet deck now. 
now, tiffany doesnt wanna take me to macdonalds cuz she says im disrespecting her on twitter  damn, i was really hungry! lol
Now,this is a cold morning but can't sleep in 
Now... I have to wait till 9am to talk to the insurance people then head out where stores are open at 10a. I'm already hungry. 
Nowaaayy my favouritist pair of star earrings are broke  Finished POA i love that book :') Not starting GOF till after maths test! aha
NOWAREHOUSE shut down by the police. they're looking for new spaces to have shows in bmore. help them bruthas out. police= 
nowhere to go.....where is everybody?? miss my old friends 
NowI want JamJams, and my house has none... way to go, Rhonda 
nowwwww it's the hills finale  ahhhhhh
NP @ ISK RADIO SHOW - 93,1 fm or Real Player streaming - www.radio202.ba *** DENIAL FIEND - FLESH EATER (why Kam left a band?  )
NP pack is sold out 
nr of followers decreases again 
NS change take too long  http://tinyurl.com/lguccy
NS slow again today  off to Amsterdam Arena via Rotterdam
nsw is losing  I guess it was to be expected, but still! Come on boys, do your state proud!!
nsync gone is on the radio........... tear for all the fallin x's who will never be with the mayor  one sec of quiet for the losers lol
NuDance.FM is still offline.  Tonight we'll be onair again!
Nuff mid range wobble.. Dubstep and house 
Nuggets are losing it for themselves. Lakers - great job 2nite working together so far... p.s. i still dont like you 
Nuhin like lying out in the sun twittered oot yer nut... Unfortunately I'm in work 
numb leg! ahhh cant feel it. no wait...ah now i can...oh no now pins and needles 
Numb/Encore... getting ready song. Haha! No transportation currently  Time to use my feet.
Number of viewers is going up (Thanks out there!), but no sales.  My Etsy store: http://bit.ly/OVVbv
Numbing the seven gnatbites on my thigh with an ice pack 
Nurse Jackie was epic as usual. Mmm Coop, you sexy bitch... My foot hurts 
Nursing a nasty cold  I plan to tackle it with zombies, xena and ephedrine.
nursing a sinus headache 
Nursing a sore throat 2hrs b4 my flight. 
Nursing another sodding belly ache 
nursing football injuries 
Nursing my dog, came back from vet after being spayed 
Nuryn ,Hafiy &amp; Zeidan &amp; Mina haven't had their reunion yet   N&amp;Z are still asleep. Sian.. jetlagged.
nutella, you will be missed! 
NUTHiN iNTERESTiNG T0 D0 0N THiS FRiDAY NiTE 
Nuthing like rainy party 
nuting good on tv 
NUTS! Never noticed it when I hit 90 updates! 
Nuts, MSDN subscription still not renewed, and Win7 RC1 meant to be out very very shortly 
Nuts. Ohio State lost the baseball regional. Season over. 
nuuu! Is that a patch of blue sky i see?! 
Nuuu! Power went out for a second!!  Do not like!!
Nuuuu Monday...I want to go back to bed 
nvm i cant sleep after all these years hes still in my the one i &lt;3  someone build me a rocketship so i could just fly away from this pain
Nvm on the good day, it's already ruined.  fruit my life!
Nvm peoples, im not going friday. the magazine is stupid and said it was for HM:TM ..even tho i entered for the JB Movie tickets..ugh 
nvm, no west hollywood thrifting.&lt;/3 
Nvm, they come off June 9. 
-nvm. can't go back! so im stayin up... 
nvm..  we are staying here after all. fuck this shitty weather 
nvm...fake picture  still can't wait for the movie though. tim burton and &quot;alice in wonderland&quot; just seem so perfect for each other.
nxt tme it'll jst B me &amp; me doin our own damn thang! o ya hear mr slick rick   but stil 5888!
nxt wk Sunday is my Bday and Kyteman&amp;Anouk will be perf @ Westerpark. Don't have tickets  but will be there having drinks. Who's joining?
Ny tomorrow need a rest shame have to work too 
NY trip is on!! (driving though  ). I need a drink. Day when kid ends up suspended= not good.
Remembering #D-Day &amp; all who fought and died  http://bit.ly/o9n4r3
Remembering all of the things I've forgotten....that I can think of...  
Remembering beloved Coach Harris today: -Duane M. Harris, made his journey home on May 30, 2006. 
remembering mom... *am packing my bags* 
Remembering Sunday 
remembering the last day of school 9th grade i got cookies,shirts, and a hot dog..sigh i miss those days now i only get tests..dont' cry 
remembers *with a heavy sigh* Shanbagh Uncle and his Premier book store.  . India Coffee House is gone too. Missing Bangalore already.
Remembers her copy of William Golding's Double Tongue (about the Pythia of Apollo) is in Christchurch  with all her books.
Remembers the downside to living 10 miles away from the nearest fast food joint. 
Remembers vaguely what it felt like to sleep-in b4 kids. So far we've played bball, golf &amp; playdoh. @sarahstelmok no nap in my future 
Remind me never to fly into JFK again. Been off plane 20 min &amp; baggage carousel still isn't moving.  
Remind me not to fly on sundays -- no beer until noon in charlotte   that and the smell in this airport have to violate the geneva con ...
Remind me NOT to stay up until 5 am 
Reminder to self: wash your purse. I set it down in buffalo sauce last night  gross
Reminder: post your photos to the #rsc2009 photo pool.  http://ow.ly/aczA @kellypuffs' photos are blurry this morning,  
reminder: Today's @Camera_Obscura_ in-store event and the @VarPlayhouse concert has been cancelled.  Hugs needed. 
Reminding folks that I need paying 
Reminds me of AI: Artificial Intelligence, when they went to New York in the future and it was flooded. Aww that movie was sad 
Reminds me of my Dad  ♫ http://blip.fm/~8hh3w
Remorseful I didn't get the Pre when I had the chance and now it's sold out in Boston 
Removalists comming to give quotes, but still enjoying the Sth Perth Foreshore. I am going to miss it 
removed band-aid from finger......not a pretty sight. looks worse then it did last night.  and it hurts more too. 
Removed Robert Llewellyn, he runined red dwarf for me. I can't take the pointless tweets either. 
Reno 911! isn't the same without Wendi and Carlos  But Tom and Ben are amazing as always.
renovated his resto, only to findout he's been disconnected from the game! I HATE IT! 
Ren's last day here   Making orange glazed chicken w/ onions, mushrooms and carrots. Hope it comes out good!!
rented 4 movies, gotz popcorn...now have to work then watch them later 
rented bikes + unknown trail with random bumps + big hills + kids = one beat up little girl. Not a good day on the B family vacation. 
Rented Fallout 3, Played Fallout 3, Completed Main Quest in Fallout 3, Returned Fallout 3, Missing Fallout 3 
Rented GhostTown tonight...made it about about 30 minutes in and finally had to switch it off...Ricky Gervais, how could you?  
rented Marley &amp; Me....haven't seen it yet...man I know what happens so im going 2 b sad!  lol
REORG: With the merger of these organizations there will need to be efficiencies identified and obtained in support of the consolidations 
Reorganizing bash/Tcl/Python/Perl scripts, getting the syntax confused, and loving/hating the distinct advantages between them all. 
reorginazation at work today.  I am moving down stairs.  
Reparing my 4G3, but I'm missing one little screw for the feathering shaft  Oh well, Terence will have a new one here in a week.
Repaying my debt for Betsy letting me go to Wichita last Sunday for the Spider.  &quot;I'll do those next week&quot; finally caught up with me. 
Repeat of the funny Bradley Cooper SNL ep on right now if you have nothing else better to do on a Saturday Night. 
Re-pinging @_yolanda22_: Not in d best of moods... I'll punch somebody in d nuts.  #moodswings- that sounds painful 
Re-pinging @Bryan000: Marvel V Capcom  damn comeon playstation store...--Should've gotten a 360.
Re-pinging @homicidepiinks: @D0peNerd lol, oh god no. stupid migrane  lol i was jus messin with u ??lol
Re-pinging @Kimmy_Kobert: @insatiable_fix omg hahahahhaha I'll be single forever  :: ummm.. Uhhhh.. Not lookin great for me eitherrrr :-/
Re-pinging @MsQueenn: @FrEsHpRiNcEoFbMoRE s t f u ??  that's how you feel now baby 
Re-pinging @nisaho: Omg. I've got some rash on my arms.  - http://tweet.sg take care worZ
Re-pinging @nlvrida: @ExotikGoddess I didn't know that was today..grr--Aaww 
Re-pinging @OhhMonica: Just one more hour of work --just one more hour and I start work. 
Re-pinging @Rock_My_Star: Iheartradio----&gt; Houston, Texas----&gt; 94.5 The Buzz:::iPhone having problems today  http://tinyurl.com/pbmmfd
Re-pinging @stephyyyyyy: Well last night sucked and this morning isn't any better  wooorrrddd
replacing my DirecTV Tivo with a DirecTV DVR 
repletion ~.~ gagal diet huhuhu 
replied 2 dana's email. washed my hands. gonna go sk8. but i'm hungry 
off work. all day shift got me tired. home. wanna do something but sibs are here...  it's cool i miss them too 
Off work. Slow night  but have a great schedule next week!  Tonys tomorrow! http://twitpic.com/6tag2
Off work...sun is shining, birds are singing, but my heart is sad! My bubbs is mad w/ me! Idk y, but 4give me my bubbs! 
off worrrrrkkkk!!!! I'm flipping exhausted and I start it all again in six hours 
off.. getting ready for col, 
Offer rejected.  4 more to look at tomorrow *Fingers Crossed*
offer to practice but has to go into work.  guess it will have to wait till later..
offf to another meeting  yuck..but fun night ahead !!
offf to collect my sister from the bus stop,, IN THE RAIN!!! 
offfeeee school (ILL)  but  what the heyy off school!!  durnoo what to do!!found out transfer dattes n timmeess 4 high school nervous
offff to school. yay 
Offff� It�s hard to believe�. Oracle to buy-out Sun. I felt bad when Oracle took over BEA� now almost feeling the same 
offically in DC .....  missing my numero uno
Office 2007 instalado 
Office emptied for lunch, feel like I can breathe for first time today. Too many bitty endofterm jobs and loose ends, no time to write 
office in highrise city tower is much less comfortable than lounge chair on the beach from the weekend... i want to go back 
Office is at 78 degrees, A/C isn't working properly!!!!  
office is stressful 
Office meeting  Free cake and coffee 
Office still like greenhouse - ten degrees hotter than outside   Thank goodness for fans (now all I need is that third hand to use it)
Officer's meeting tomorra in Hunt's room! And waking up at the dismal hour of 6:20 tomorrow to help with senior breakfast... 
Official advisory on whether I'm an arsehole and a shitty boyfriend upgraded from &quot;possibly&quot; to &quot;betting odds&quot;. Colour me remorseful  
NYC too but rain this week  @rjk59: Finally, a day with no rain in DC!
nyone else have probs with 'P' and 'L' buttons on their G1? have to press mine like a million times 
Nyone had 3.0 crash on them yet? 
Nyrie's wish after blowing a wishing 'weed' flower(dandelion?)- &quot;I wish that my mom will never die&quot;-  how bittersweet...
o damm, another TAKs day... 
o damn, its tru..i agree..airplanes are awesome but damn UNSAFE! esp when u'r traveling over seas! feel it 4 u Air France 
o dang i also had a backstage collision one night hahaha bam and she hit the floor  smh i knock the wind out of her she was ok though
o dear the bewitching hour approaches bed for me me thinks work in the morn  &lt;3
O dios acaban de tocar The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart en el primavera sound  life is not fair
O god! Its saturday! Take-shower-get-ready-go-to-office day 
O HAI Chance of Thunderstorms starting at 1pm tomorrow 
O hay panic disorder, i missed you.  not.    why you always gotta come when i'm at work?!
O hi Rochelle! I don't see her tweets. We don't follow each other 
O how I want 2 do sumthing but he's @ wrk and Im @ hm 
o i also changed my gamertag to JackieFromRosea just like twitter it would not let me add the last 3 letters to my name 
o i think the babys getting sick i hate it when the kids get sick id rather get it 
O is it fathers day in the UK? 
o lawd I aont feeln too good. hope I aint got the swines!!!! 
o man i think ashley is a gonner 
O man no starbucks! I left my wallet on my bad 
o my golly im bored 
O my gosh we just got rejected by the Conan crew I guess u realy need a reservation 
O My Lord! I think the Capoeira community will hate me after Friday.  Sapian sana ako ni Christie Monteiro or Eddy Gordo!!!!!
o myyyyyy goshhhh this sux 
o nintendo, how the mighty have fallen   i blame reggie
o no i brok my txting thumb! 
O no I have a migrane and throwing up! 
O no! First mosquito bite. I wish I had self-control, by morning my elbow will be quite large and still itchy 
O no! The red claw crab look like he's scheming on this suspiciosly dead or molting one...YIKES! 
O no. Now we have the cranberries reinterpreted as death metal 
o nooo I have stalkers another stalker this one sits outside of any location I may be  not good @ all
O The Forum...beautiful memories there  especially @ the movie theatre, target &amp; borders
O WELL ILL JUS EAT ME SOME RAMEN NOODLES &amp; DRINK SOME KOOL-AID &amp; CALL IT A DAY 
o wow tia! the clip was only 14 seconds 
O WTF!!! stupid ass T-Mobile!! they erased my messages  i had sum funny ass ones i was gonna use on this track...bastards.
O ye weather Gods..have some mercy 
o yea let's ignore the sleepin guy here 
O...M....G....he killed himself *cries* I am sooo late....with my House episodes 
O.K. everyone1  night1  then montreal.  so I won;t be twittering this weekend 
O.k. so I love me some Popeye's but A) stomach ache B) Gas C) crying angry baby.  So, I'm thinking no more Popeye's.  
O.K., you were right  No Kellers #5 tonight.  Alway tomorrow though... Anyone up for a Ride???  Taking the FatBoy out for a while
O.MAI.GAD!!! I NEED TO BE WHERE PP IS NOW  AHH MASKED HONGKI MASKED JAEJIN MASKED JONGHUNMASKEDSEUNGHYUNMASKEDMINHWANOMIGADDD *SKILM*!!!
o.o Cinthya i forgot your party,it's today??? im so sorry for not going 
O.o i told sean about it!  i have hawks and i have octopus. &gt;.&lt;
o_o I just now spoke out loud. I am losing my voice 
Oasis concert at Murrayfield has finished. No way I'm getting any sleep tonight 
Oasis today! YEY!! . . . . Only one other place id rather be right now though!! 
Oatmeal = blach 
OB in class. Last day of it. 
obama dildo is just wrong on so many levels http://tinyurl.com/cuggsh head of state 
Obama is gone.......I wanted to go 
obama, why are images of rape at abu ghraib &quot;not particularly sensational&quot;?! just cuz it's no surprise that the military is cool w/ rape? 
Obelisk = heavenly italian food. DC, ill miss you 
Objected to a planning application for the first time ever. Isn't that the surest symptom of finally reaching middle age?  #boringoldfart
Observe &amp; report is no 40 yo virgin and def no Superbad. 3 out of 5 stars. Saw more limp dick than i expected. 
observing ducks for my stupid paper.  but other than that today will be a good day!
Obsessed with Chelsea Lately !!    &amp;&amp; i cant upload a pic 
Obsession with kicks and clothes...it really is ridiculous  imma take pics of it and u will see how crazy it really is.
obtained the last parts i need for my R1 exhaust repair...it's an all day project though...next weekend is suppose to be nice too 
Obviously i was expecting to cry over #Marley&amp;Me but didn't think was gonna pour my eyes out! So sad for the doggy.... 
Obviously not gonna make it to pilates 
Obviously Roger Federer doesn't know what opportunistic means. 2 sets down  Looks like this is Andy Murray's golden opportunity!
OBVIOUSLY sumthin's wrong w/ my twitter acct, posting follower ads constantly. May have 2 delete &amp; start over. Sorry guys 
obviously the cafe sua da i had w my banh coun this afternoon was not strong enough.  i keep yawning  maybe i will take a nappies..
Obvsly the universe hates my picture... or Twitter eated it.    Is anyone else having this problem?
OC..then sleep to start another week of class 
Ocala rain has to follow me everywhere 
OCD attack  this is gay.
ocd victms r annoying..sorry 
Oceana is breaking up, a very sad, sad day!  
Oceana is dead  So what if we like Attack Attack!, you should still do your music!
oceanfest was amazingggg, sunburnt though 
och high school musical got me all emotional. damn 
och i wish i was better at motorstorm 
O'Charleys? Pretty good. Especially when its free. Hot waitress? I think so. Back to work? Unfortunately. 
Official Eee PC T91 website is online... now, if only German shops had it available 
Official now GM files for bankruptcy. History made 
OFFICIALCHER HAS BEEN blocked due to suspicious activity  
Officially appointed as CL - Curriculum Leader &amp; given monthly allowance. Sigh....I rather not be a CL...Cannot stand the office politics 
Officially broke  gah!!
Officially broke.  - http://tweet.sg
officially cannot make french toast  oh well...I tried!
Officially dieting now.  SMH, fruits and veggies...this is NO WAY TO LIVE!!
Officially dislikes Edmonton weather. It was so sunny this afternoon, and it became so dark and cold! 
officially gonna have to buy some netting for my strawberry plants.   something has been munching on them. 
Officially homeless in cville 
Officially in charge of the cafe for two whole weeks and now having to do more shifts because my poor shift buddy had a stroke!  
officially in debt. i need my paycheck 
officially in the worst pain 
Officially lactose intolerant 
officially obsessed with eye cream...but not so much obsessed with getting cavities filled 
officially on &quot;he didn't deserve you anyways...&quot; duty  Making a &quot;Wack Boyfriend&quot; mixtape and late lunchdate plans.
Officially over. Oh god,stop this pain.  - http://tweet.sg
officially pronounces his hard drive dead. 
Officially sad 
officially screwed for mid terms.Sorry daddy, mummy teachers and everyone else who wants be to do good.I'm sorry 
officially set TWC text alerts back to hoboken. 
officially.JONASDAY.!  my tummy hurts.  last day of school.! getting jb's album then sleepovaa. 
Officialy gonna get ready for School . I feel like crying 
Officing on a day made for outdooring 
offline un rato, chance chance 
Off-line until Monday. Trekking with Grizzly again, for the Great Bustard. Camera at the ready. Oh dear, it's live firing on the range.. 
offline. back again nxt week. 
Offline. sorry sara =/ my cousin 'HAS' to go onto this baby website =/ ugh. she is SUPPOSED to be asleep  bye ily
OFFLINEEEEEEEE 
OFFLINEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
Ofsaa Regionals, I finished in 6:10.10, the standard for World's in Steeple is 6:09.30, i missed by 0.8 seconds. Pretty Depressing. 
OG never up this early 
Oh  . . . Glastonbury  sort my life out someone haha?
oh  crushing boredom 
oh  imagine being pulled away from your love the day after you find each other  
Oh  it's only in new york and very new and probably won't be touring for a while ((
Oh  My parents are giving my kitty away D': Poor Mistick :'(  &lt;/3
Oh  Roshnie is supposed to be on now but she's not 
Oh  sucks
oh  well if you really dont wanna go, dont. its not up to me lol
oh ! the song i am listening t was played at ma friends funeral 
Oh #HAIL again...not so good for open houses. 
Oh #squarespace tree oh #squarespace tree.... You're never going to pick me! 
oh &amp; bad news for Booster Gold fans: No &quot;I Gotta Dub&quot; 2nite...we're doing &quot;So Pacific&quot;...outta my control, sorry BG 
Octuplet baby dies???!!!  
O-D on Mangoes... Headache... 
odd looking picture. I'm worried. I think I lost someone who means a lot to me.  No one to blame but myself.... http://tinyurl.com/pveuu6
Odd! People are using my last name (TAYON) for a first name, I don't get it 
oddles of noodles 4 SNACK!  thats not no damn snack! i had 1 cup of cereal &amp; fruti 4 lunch now im having cup of noodles - SALAD 4 DINNER!!
Odessa can't have surgery cause something else is wrong with her 
Oedipus + Aeneid + procrastination = wishing there was something to do = more loneliness 
oeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh(L) the new moon trailer is zo nice! i like it! i can't wait! aaaaarg! 
Oeps.. wasted my whole evening doing.. well.. Nothing! Heading off to bed now! Have to work again tomorrow 
oerslept til 6am  was supposed to be up at 4:45
Of all the classes that could be cancelled, did it have to be Brandeis?? 
of all the days i picked THIS one to be without a car..hrmpf.. 
Of all the days to not hear the alarm...which NEVER happens...my flight leaves in 15 min. I won't be on it. Keep ya posted, tweetville... 
Of all the LTC I have on my iPod, I am missing this one.  ? http://blip.fm/~7bmwh
Of all the things SF has, it's lacking in an ASU dojo.   I'm getting spoiled.
of all the..... just as the guy goes &quot;exams over&quot; thunder storm starts and kel gets wet walking to the car...very wet 
Of course a plane must crash when I'm about to go overseas 
Of course everyone knows tomorrow is Father's Day! And I don't have a father to spend it with, my mom's boyfriend is the closest person 
of course i ALWAYS pull out too early....  $BAC is at 11.65 now
of course i locked myself out. stranded 4 a few hours. 
Of course I picked the stall with no TP  haha
Of course I spill juice down my white dress 
Of course I wait til the hot weather returns to do laundry (and fold it straight from the dryer)  
OH &amp; my hustler shirt finally came in !! yay !!  but damn it is windy  k.nightHUSTLERS&lt;3
oh ... i forgot about the meeting tonight ... i guess i won't relax just yet 
oh ... I HATE when I don't have internet... and I didn't in the past few days  
oh ... MatsuJun &amp; Aiba didnt get d parfait looking thing. 
Oh @dujourmag, loved the new issue but now I see I can't respect you. Your reply was embarassing - so sad  http://bit.ly/18KK5U; @shallomj
oh allergies, how you torture me! 
OH ALSO. I guess today is officially #SushiDay too bad I had some already on Sunday... 
oh also... here's a clip of the new moon trailer, that i can't watch cuz i'm at work.   http://bit.ly/wXa9l
oh and #antiboyle didn't work out either  never too much of a bad thing eh uk eh
Oh and @voddeli changed their hours  Now I can only eat there on Saturdays and vacation. #sadface
Oh and @yalEXCELLENT, Id rly wanna go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But. I need $$  Lets go. I'm not even lying.
Oh and a bird just flew into my bedroom window giving me a minor heart attack. No biggie except that Saylors are known for heart problems 
Oh and also i want to reiterate my condolances to The Pirate Bay guys, good luck with the appeal. Good luck in jail 
OH AND BTW, QT FIREFOX PLZ 
Oh and by the way, i am crossing my fingers for PUSSYCATDOLLS! I wanna watch them so bad. PLEASE GOD 
Of course in effort to clean the flood in my house they fuck up my room. Looks like still can't sleep in there  fml
Of course it is raining in Missouri, I wish I was on vacation, but I don't have any this summer  Work 8:30-5. Work out. Greek.
Of course it's shitty out the day i'm gonna go kiyaking!! 
Of course my heel snaps off.... Mr. Choo WTF?!? oh well   ...still dont know who I'm sitting near/next to....
Of course now that I'm at school I feel shitty again. Such is my life. 
Of course scoot leaves. Sleeping alone  i wish Kevin was here
of course that just amplifies the dripping sound 
of course the car starts fucking up  when I have plans to party  fml !
Of course the night I'm about to fall alseep at a more decent time, Ryan Reynolds will be on Jimmy Fallon. 
Of course they give no consideration for alternative diets in jury system, ordered our food and mine is very not vegan. Jerks. 
Of course winter came back and I can only find one mitt 
Of course, I'm departing for a wedding in NY at 8:30am, so I'm not going to be able to make it to a record store   #RSDPVS
Of course, instead of booting up KHDS, I started the Haruhi DS game. I'm pretty sure it'll be unplayable without an understanding of moon 
Of course, the Red Bull at 11pm probably didn't help 
Of FFS. Why did I choose to write on an article where the author's last name is REID. Just makes me distracted and want to watch C-Minds 
of of, m-a prins azi soarele niţel. şi acum mă ustură pielea. 
Of playing on my mac or on the PS3 trust me if you font when your pet passes on you'll feel how I feel I wish I had 1 more day with here 
Of the back of their heads  http://yfrog.com/0zywwj
of to bed I need to get some sleep will be glad when this illness is sorted out because I am tired of being so tired 
of to the hospital for an x-ray 
of to work for such an exciting night woop!!  haha
oh and chloe is telling me no too 
Oh and Dad, I'm sorry I can't spend father's day with you 
oh and don't think I didn't notice you getting your mac on . . . I'm sorry but I hate sluts and players... 
Oh and eveyone put my nephew in your thoughts! He broke his leg today and has to get surgery tomorrow  so sad
Oh and fuck getting my bridge. Im not in the mood 
Oh and happy fathers day dad, even thought your 12,000 miles away from me  xx
oh and I broke a tooth on a corn nut on the way to CP 
oh and I did watch beauty and the beast today. so sad. I cried like a baby  I love the movie though.
oh and i had my last first day today. 
Oh and I have no jacket to keep me warm  but $200 for booze..BIG nite ahead  
Oh and i just found out there was a shadowcast of Repo tonite in cinci  i wanna go
Oh and I just found out tomorrow is going to be the worst day of my life! Babysit until 5.  kill meeeeeee!
oh and I still don't know how to Reply to you on my phone  !!! it fdoesnt show anything for to me to reply with. I'm so sad
Oh and I think I'm getting sick 
oh and i wanna watch PCD sooo badd 
oh and ima miss jb young  especially my baby tieirra.  mannnn, but im excited for DCHS! LETS GO! 09-10 freshmen/blue devil! LETS GET IT!
Oh and more car FAIL, after all the work i had done Fri., the Check Engine light went on just as i got home last night 
OFE get's sick, HOLLYSHIT 
off 2 school  gotta learn... then track practice to home...
off 2 work  soon 
off 2 work in an underground mine 
off 2 work soon 
off 2 work, really miss mak  , txt it phone kinda works agn.
Off 2 work.    text
Off 2bed as im up 4work in 3.5 hours!  Night twitter!
Off call now and heading home. Won't be at the gym until 8pm 
Off day tomorrow!  But then second part of the English Regents 
off for 2 days of vacation but I'll have to complete one last thing 
Off for a nap.. bad migraine 
Off for a shower and to prepare myself for a Long Day at Work 
oh and my tummy hurts so bad i feel like i'm dying. 
Oh and now not only is Obama not an American, but his mother is a whore. This is the kind of talk that helps the weak minded kill 
oh and of course yung boba  haha ! right ante mireille ? ROFLMAO . so yes , be going to school on mon . fck no vaca for moi . ;[ haha .
oh and of course.. something has to fail 
oh and oh how hot it is !!! 
Oh and something big will be happening within the next month or two in my life! I'm not sure if I'm allowed to say anything, though  ugh
oh and suju's It's you performance on Inkigayo = ? eunhyuk ilu. and kangin what the hell happened to your hair 
oh another boring english lesson and my laptop is missing the d button so it is annoying to use 
oh another day without winning  #squarespace time to give me something nice...
Oh another Monday.   back to work.
oh anybody know why twitpic is not working....or maybe it s just for me 
Oh August 2009?  Why is everything happening in August (or so it seems)?
oh aye am up at this time to do homework. woke up freaking out that im going to fail college haa 
Oh back to work again!!!!! Oh how I hate mondays!!!!! 
Oh bee, why must you land on and guard the wireless card I need from the trunk 
oh blair. sex tape? really? 
Oh bless.... Boyle Has Boiled Over  ... very sad and yet not unexpected...
Oh bloody hell! I need tea! I MUST HAVE SOME TEA!!  But my water kettle just broke   *rats rats rats* 
Oh bloody hell, I can't even have a cuppa because I finished the milk off making dinner... 
Oh bollocks, I have a t-shirt tan 
Oh Bones, when are you coming back? 
Oh boo...I've already seen this 48 Hours Mystery  It's my favorite Saturday night show...
Oh booo *hugs* Hope you'll have more luck finding it soon. I'm dying to get my hands on it too 
oh booth i miss everyone too! ready to get back to work and into the swing of things. being sick was a lonely lonely life! 
oh boy I hate Mondays... Especially Mondays like this one. Loads of work, crappy weather and I am sleepy 
Oh boy i love hanging out with old people i dont know. Im driving so i cant even get inapproiately wasted. 
Oh boy! Another lonely night in the house...just me and the dog. No snuggle bunny to curl up to 
oh boy! tomorrow school starts 
Oh boy! Up early to move my car.   N I couldn't find anything so now I have to wait until 930a to go back to sleep. I WANNA MOVE!
Oh Boy, all gray in gray. What a summer so far 
oh boy, I shouldn't have had that tomato sauce  When will my body stop betraying me?!
Oh boy, Spammer Ed is back and he's targeted Fresh Ink Books. 
Oh boy. I seriously never want to leave Spain. Im so at peace with everything here  
Oh boy... I've never been good at goodbye's. but this definitely has to be one of the hardest. 
Oh boy... Love summer vaca. Have good night I am in DC. My family is driving me nuts.... I want to run away 
oh BTW Federer won today @ #FrenchOpen. lost 1st set but won the next three. the way he is playing right now, will not be gud enuf 4 Rafa 
Oh btw twolks! We went to the shoe store and he walks out w/ 2 pair and I get none! There were none worth wearing in my size! 
Oh bugger it...  #FACup
Oh but I do @gennycouch 
Oh by da way. Sleeping in a car is not the best sleep at all.  oh well it got the job done.
oh by the way twitter i left my headsets in stupid aliciaz car  now i wont get them bak! &amp; i cant talk on thee telli fone!
Off for coffee in a bit. I do not feel well at all  had to cancel plans tonight, I feel pretty lame, coding more orpheus today maybe.
Off for cycle with my wife to Burnsall shortly, was hoping to build new bike but rear wheel and handlebars haven't arrived 
off for exam 
Off for marmite sandwiches as usual, only difference is that there will be no cigarette for desert 
Off for more blood letting at the hospital !! 
off for now. long weekend nearly over 
off for project work 
off for the weekend! yay. i gots work from 8pm-12am though  it sucks cause this is like the last weekend for partying and im gonna be at
Off home ill from work. This man flu is hell 
Off home to a life of no broadband   Isn't it a basic human right these days goddammit!
Off home today. Getting the train from Birmingham to cambs. Then revision for 9am Media exam tomorrow 
off now, last day  I don't want to leave them xx
Oh Charlotte and Dan, how cute you were. PLEASE COME BACK   
OH CHRIS BROWN, WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BEAT UP WOMEN, I LOVE YOUR MUSIC 
Oh christ, I think we have just had more bad news. 
Oh come on! an eagle killing a man with a turtle in the desert? what happens to the writers of csi? they mad? I really miss HouseMD 
Oh come on. There was none of this rain crap before I got in the shower.  
oh come on. this shouldn't be so difficult to make a phone call. 
Oh cr*p ... Placebo tix and Tori Amos both go on sale at 9am. Anticipating hot cake distribution of both. 
Oh Crap , garage needs to keep car overnight 
Oh crap I forgot to charge my phone overnight. 
oh crap im still awake, cant sleep!! and i have to be up early for doctors appointment....uh oh 
Oh crap Monday already, and no NKOTB concerts in site for me 
Oh crap my blanket was on top of my lamp! Thats what the burning smell was! The light bulb burned three holes in my blankie 
oh crap tried a dress and the zipper's stuck. no salesperson to help. pretty sandals cost 50quid; no more money  maybe before i go
Oh crap!  My media centre is having a sleep-over @ my computer guy�s shop
OH CRAP! i forgot i had to go get lines, vines, and trying times.  i'll get it either later tonight or tomorrow; FOR SURE. (:
Oh crap! Totally forgot the MTV Movie Awards are tonight and I've got to help with youth group tonight! 
oh crap! transferred my licenses a while back but forgot to re-download most of my Arcade titles LOL no Castle Crashers for me 
OH CRAP!!! Its raining...I NEED BBQ 
oh crap!!!! screwed up my drawing paper  
Oh crap, I got work later 
Oh crap, It was Captain Picard day today. I didn't get a chance to yell &quot;THERE ARE FOUR LIGHTS!&quot; at any one  http://tr.im/oKPr
Oh crap, over-excitedness is setting in again... *barf barf barf* :-/ 
oh crap, the new iphone doesnt come out till the 19th 
Oh crap. #Hoppusday is over 
Oh crap. 11.40pm and I haven't started exam-revision. This will not do!!! 
off on my cake finding adventure! why is it pouring on amanda's grad party day?  
Off out for a jog in the rain - hoping not to freeze or drown. Sad that I'll have to go without my tunes - mp3 still at mum's. 
Off out for a run in Sutton Park. Looks like rain though 
off out for dinner today with mr &amp; mrs Hope! will have to wear my darn specs though as still have an eye infection 
Off out for drinks and food with friends, fab. Shame the sun's gone in though 
Off out tonight,so probably no tweets till tomoz  -- ;)
off school bored and ill eurrgghhhh  and my myspace wont let me sign  in  x
off school ill today 
Off school sick  but not dead yet lol haha .... Love all you lots xx
Off school today!  ILL! Sucksss,, Been watching JeremyKyle literally all day!
Off school today, woke up with a HUUUGE headache and was sick :'/ I wanted to get back &amp; see my friends though   Feeling ok now though!
Off shopping --&gt; think I'd better buy a heater. It's starting to get far too cold at night 
Off the get Art Supplies! and can't find my Black Sketch Book 
Off the next 24 hours I am working 16 
Off the phone now, tryed danii but no answer 
off the phone w/ katty.  But It's 5 O' Clock in the moring and we're staying alive with Phil Collins and his hairline! XD
oh crap. bag hasn't been found 
oh crap. I might be singing for a band pretty soon mah doing a cover of a song hopefully it will all work out just need 2 guitarists 
Oh crap. Just eaten LOADS of chocolate cookies  I have no self control. About to buy a special NME magazine dedicated to KOL! 
Oh crap.... My billiards mouse is broken.... I can't use my mighty mouse for games.... Sigh. 
oh crappp i'm boredddd 
oh crickey, beware there is a big difference between unpeak/offpeak broadband and normal plans, now I'm on 72kbps with Beagle 
Oh crud. Looks like Im sleepin with the nitelite on and nitemares now. I shouldntve watched that alone. I get freaked way to easily. 
Oh Daddy Yankee why are u so whack now? Listening to playeros and old reggaeton...at work till 8am  ...could be worse 
Oh damn damn it's 2nil #manutd  hughes needs to sort out his boys! #football #mancity
Oh damn i am lonely!  no seniors!
Oh damn it....need another wee  this is getting ridiculous!!!
oh damn we have too many dogs. 
Oh damn! I missed Aviator Friday!  It's almost an hour into saturday... @MikeTheTech, you'd better celebrate...
Oh damn, Rains mar T20 world cup inaguration 
Oh damn, they're not Australian based  They ship here, but I'm guessing it'll be a fortune. Grr.
oh damn. i sprained my ankle in my sleeep?! i can't walk. 
oh damn... i hate working! 
Oh dang, I'm going to miss this baby 
Oh dangit, I forgot how sniffly this episode (Company Man) gets me.  #heroes Gotta buck up, can't let the mans see me snifflin.
Oh Darn! the 1st game I downloaded for the PSP didn't work, I had to DOWNLOAD AGAIN! 
oh darn! the loights in the office just went out on me. maybe I should finish this report from home 
oh darn, i didn't celebrate my 200th tweet 
Oh darn. Lost another follower. 
OH daTs 4 hIs m0Vie.. iDc I Want His 0fFicIaL tWiTteR pAge.. cAn't bEliEvE nOne oF mA f0LLOweRs gOt iiT.. UggHh  !
Oh dear  #bgt
Oh dear - my wed morning cancelled... health probs. I hope he's okay - I worry about my older subs at times 
Oh dear - tears on phone this arvo from 5 y/o playing at friends place - she'd ripped her new dress from Grandma.   Hope I can fix it!
Oh dear god English tomorow... save me 
Oh dear god, there is this incessant car alarm or siren or something outside that's been going off for like 4 hours now 
oh dear god. i have done something unbelievably stupid. and hurt the person i love. oh fuck fuck fuck. i need shot 
oh dear HH is back   please twitter do something about her.  I'm begging you, please pretty please 
oh dear just seen the J&amp;Kplus8 new episode promo....some bad news is coming  
Oh dear littleun all upset cos she wants to go out with the boys &amp; not stay for the bday lunch with my sister &amp; her &quot;friend&quot; 
oh dear me..i hope these people r not referin to me  ..
Oh dear oh dear, BNP in Europe thanks to Yorks and Humber! Sad day for UK &amp; EU 
Oh dear Radio 1 - there be gremlins in the system today 
oh dear sephora's is going to steal all my moneys away 
Oh dear the legs are starting to suffer from yesterdays weights session! 
oh dear the man has arrived with the key, better do some work!  Have fun guys i will return x
oh dear! I have a hangover but I have so  much to do today 
Oh dear, hangover time, far too much to drink of everything last night  Was a good night though 
Oh dear, I envy you a lot girl 
Oh dear, I forgot. I've also lost my dress-shirt. It was that good (nice shirt too  ). How I explain some of this stuff, I do not know.
oh dear, im knackered and its time for work soon, that just means its probably gonna be a bad day 
oh dear, is it that time already?  better start thinking about getting up 
Oh dear, it's gotten really bad: I've started talking to my 'Fox 
Oh dear, it's raining outside. So much for going to eat soon. Guess it'll just have to wait! (And apparently my last post was old news.  )
oh dear, just lost $40 cuz of a bounced cheque. 
Oh dear, last day in school always makes me sad 
Oh dear, more crap 'Onions' headlines from lazy sports journalists 
Oh dear, my Devilder prediction wasn't the best....sorry Irena   I only saw the 3rd, Hanescu was pounding the ball and not missing.
Oh dear, my favorite pet place in LA went out of business. I want to cry. RIP Helen's Pet Depot 
Oh dear, my lack of tweeting is quite shameful!! :O Back from gym after training, sore knee  And have just caught up on GG! Nate and B ...
Oh dear, the Sharks have really lost the plot in the Super 14. I'll go sulk quietly in the corner now   http://bit.ly/wvWIp
Oh Dear, The Weathers just took a step in the wrong direction! 
Oh dear, there is that Sunday evening feeling - work tomorrow 
Oh dear, too long in the sauna at the gym, now i have a headache 
Oh dear, very accident prone today, list of injuries: ouchy razor cut on leg, randomly sore + bleeding lip, broken nail &amp; a grated thumb 
Oh dear.  I totally have a small glass chip on this iPod touch 
oh dear. apparently i talk to people like i'm their mum 
Oh dear. Eyes starting to itch. The pollen count must be rising. 
Oh dear. Going to savannah, ga for the day. I hope i don't get chased by a hobo again 
Oh dear. i do NOT want to get out of bed and pack some more  ... but i must!
Oh dear. I think they're gonna kill Dot Cotton 
Oh dear. I've ended up in the (usually rammed) local pub/club - and it's _very_ quiet.  hope this isn't 'recession' 
oh dear. Ive just pulled up to college and noone is in  x
Oh dear. I've woken up to the last thing I wanted see today - rain 
Oh dear. Just wasted entire morning watching late friend on you tube. Must stop. Can't bring him back no matter how hard I try. So sad. 
oh dear. mood has turned foul. fuck knows why. 
Oh dear. Serena Williams appears to be still asleep  Kuznetsova is blowing her away atm
Oh dear. Sunrise talking about The Pirate Bay case. I can't resist doing a facepalm as I hear about it 
Oh dear. Why has Gareth Barry gone to Man City? I thought he wanted Champions League football. Money, money, money, money... 
oh dear...help. 
oh dear...the bombers are getting thumped 
oh dear..today is going by wayyy too soon. 
oh dearest tweet, i need a cup of aromatic coffee to keep myself awake, at least for now.  i see 711, the store and more!
oh dears, we ahd all planned to go to the beach today... its raining 
Oh deary me all us shop stewarts r being called in2 our Branch in Liberty Hall for crisis talks. . This can't be good 
oh deary me. Hangover from hell. I feel proper sick and headache. Ergh. Cant be bothered to get up, work at 1 though  x
oh debit card...where could you be?? i cant function without you.. 
Oh doom! I can't have a dream 
oh eff you ebay  x
Oh eff. I really have to start singing again my soul hurts every time I listen to metal   who wantsto start a band?  Any kind of band...
OH EM GEE. MILEY'S IN FAYTOWN. So lame. I wanna gooo 
Oh em gee....tell me why I just witness two dogs kill a small white dog...I tried to help but it was too late..how sad 
oh em qeeeee!!! sooo tired 
oh EVPL why can you not be installed sooner rather than later. 
oh Farscape how I miss you 
oh Ferry  that stupid spam, i hope it has stopped
Oh FFS face, please stop being a twat... I think I'm getting another coldsore / ulcer inside my top lip  Dear Christ!
Oh FFS! I've been here all fucking day. Why decide *now* that this needs to be done, *after* my finishing time? 
oh FFS, ESXi 4.0 drops support for all 10/100 NICs &gt; 
Oh FFS, it looks like the Internet connection has died in the office, so no VPN and no work. But...but..but I really want to work 
Oh FFS, my phone's being lame again and I've woken up feeling like a sledgehammer has been trying to make love to my back all night 
oh FML, just found out tom morello is opening for janes addiction and nine inch nails..... growing up sucks 
Oh for a brain that is working properly - it's a little fogged up today 
oh for goodness' sake. now being followed by 'britney sex tape'. am just going to shut up and go and do some work. 
Oh for gosh sakes!  Some of these followers are worse than spam in your email! 
oh forgot to mention- cake without butter is crap. only rocky(my dog) eats it. 
Oh frick I hate post alcohol hunger. Feels like my stomach is trying to eat itself for nutrients 
oh fuck it. i was caller 21 instead of 20. bye bye shia at the transformers premiere 
oh fuck my life i missed the anon post 
oh fuck off. NKOTB aren't coming to Australia   http://bit.ly/7oYbR
oh fuck the rain is over 
oh fuck, my amazon orders came to £60, it'd only be about £50 but that fucking VAT  ordered some good stuff though (Y)
Oh fuck. I've forgotten my bank customer Id for netbanking. 
Oh fun.... Moving into new office soon. 
oh fuuuck. this episode of desperate housewives made me cry so much!!! 
oh Gawd i saw etna ppl in the mall  lame i get out of etna to escape them not see them ~HU?H~
Oh gawd its only Monday. What a long week this is going to be. Atleast I have Friday off to long forward to. . . Oh wait no I don't  
Oh Gawd that sneeze changed my life, I no can breathe  FML
oh gawd thats right Dungy retired from the Colts   i'll miss him... he was a great h.coach
Oh gee... I missed National doughtnut day! 
oh gees. back to work. boo 
Oh geez. My legs are soooo tired. 
oh god ! got occupied with orkut... i forgot had to go down for dinner... mom is calling me... tonyt gonna be bad ! 
oh god , i need 3million rupiah for buying that dress 
oh god a plane just fell in brazil 
oh god all this drama  i feel so bad for david *sighs*
oh god help me  i dont know what is my ability.
oh god I am sooooo bored! i do'nt really wanna update cause then i'll have more updates then followers  but the boredom is takin control..
Oh god I don't feel well at all! 
Oh god I feel sick  bet my blood sugar is thru the roof again! Oh the joys of brittle diabetes..
Oh God i miss him i wont see ma boo till two weeks from now  aww man!
oh god i need to stop falling asleep at college 
Oh god I want a milkshake so badly right now. 
oh god i want to go far away from this place and cry 
oh god if no one talks to me im going to log out 
Oh god I'm bloody shattered, and its only tues.  why do we have to work to make a living? Can we no jus get what we want handed to us? &gt;.&lt;
OH GOD I'M GETTING OBSESSED AGAIN 
Oh god I'm scared all the blink182 shows are selling out fast, what if I don't get tix? 
oh god im starving  and still no necklace  what are they playing at!!!
Oh god just suddently got hungry 
Oh god last day of skool imma cry so much!! 
Oh god now my eye is swollen 
Oh god one is dead already 
oh god please i don't want to be sick in holiday 
Oh god Robert WTF  noo I wanted Taylor !!!!!!
oh god so bored. Got my car back today though! ...then found out that Dad needs it tomorrow. 
Oh god someone farted on the train...why don't the windows open baby Jeebus?? 
oh god the flashing red lights of death just came on our xbox  i am so sad! yeah, it'll get fixed/replaced for free, but i want to playnow
Oh god this is the sad bit!! Blubber!!!! 
Oh god tomorows gona be horrible in some ways 
Oh God! I barely slept tonight... I just woke up and I'm thinkink what should I do today... Hmm the sun is hiding from me 
oh god! i got blisters from sunburnt :/ and it hurts so much 
oh god! last night was full of regrets! I wish I couldn't remember what happend! 
Oh god! The cheesy disco music has started and everyone is getting up on the tables  i need more wine...
Oh God!! Im real scared now. I think I have an infection. FUCK!! Have to call the doc tomorrow, I hope nothing serious has to be done 
Oh god, a moth was living in a fucking power outlet!  (Actually, my PowerSquid.)
oh god, gotta go out in a bit   cant wait to see Kt new haircut!! Going to the beach ;) so hope it stays sunny!!!!!
OH GOD, I CAN'T BREATH!   xxX
Oh god, i hav to revise for maths that is tuesday  i h8 maths...
Oh god, I left the print-out with my change notes for today at home. 
oh god, I really want an extension of holidays 
oh god, i totaly forgett that Halime was going to Kosovo today, i never said godbye  i have to call her.. oh god forgive me.
Oh god, I'm  so tired D: I have tons of homework! Fmlfml! Btw, I do not have any friends in my two classes 
Oh god, my pink eye is so itchy today. 
oh god, please help me 
Oh God, please let him go tomorrow to the movies. 
Oh God, please please please help me get out of bed today... I soooo wanna chain myself and my pillows to bed and just sleep all day. 
oh god, so hungover and tired! 
OH GOD, this is too real! This film has a crushing depressiveness that is all encompassing. 
Oh GOD,, i got REAL BAD HEADACHE.. Oh my oh my.. 
Oh god. His jacket and shoes clash today! How did he make this mistake? 
Oh god. I thought #nicerfilmtitles was #nicerfirmtitties. sorry, twitterverse. 
Oh God. I'm actually ashamed to be from Yorkshire and the Humber, even if I don't live there now. All I can say is &quot;sorry Europe&quot;. 
oh god. i'm wearing the thinnest top ever and there's a decent breeze outside but it's still disgustingly hot and i want to die 
Oh god. Jon and Kate have a &quot;life changing&quot; announcement. Omg omg omg. Please don't get divorced 
oh god. Last night was awful. Sam im so sorry i couldnt make it. 
Oh god. The news is talking about all the shit that has happened today in the past, and I am scared 
oh god. work is such a bitch. i think i might be a shag looking bride cpmes july. 
Oh God... Please gimme a sign... Puhhhleeezzeeeee... 
oh god...,I'm screwed 
oh god..Mash documentary! i wanna watch but should go to bed 
Oh godd I feel so Ill!!  hate having a cold!  http://myloc.me/2MFZ
oh goddd..please dont tell me thats a blister i can feel coming up on my chest...not had those since lanzarote! 
Oh golly. Farah Fawcett died. She was my big hair role model. 
Oh good God crampsss... 
oh good grief i missed an apostrophe....   
Oh good now there's two badfucks harassing me here. I should probably leave 
oh good. i just cooked myself a pizza and then dropped it face down on the kitchen floor  
Oh goodie, my brother is bothering me again. Meh, he can't possibly be hungry right now, he just ate!!! meh... brb.. 
Oh goodie. I'm at work, doing third shift because Alex was puking. I hadn't even been gone 7 hours.  And I have to be here again at 8 AM.
Oh goodness i think my london is catchin a cold 
Oh goody...Alberta has legislated raising rednecks   http://bit.ly/18KXVk
oh gosh 5 hours sleep cause i couldnt sleep last night damn im going 2 b tired 2day at school 
oh gosh he still wears it 
Oh gosh I tried cleaning my room so I took everything apart and now I just made it more messy 
oh gosh im really sick 2day 
Oh gosh I'm so bored I want to go home right now 
oh gosh so done..that crazy @krystyl @maryam and @faolon sucked down all my redbulls and hijack my twitter acct   I drank water all night
Oh gosh, great! It's raining! Thanks to the cold cold weather i'm sneezing, w/c technically means I have a cold 
oh gosh, i'm so dead :s i won't pass in my tests tomorrow  i hate being dumb.
oh gosh, messy hair 
Oh gosh. Why does my sch timetable suck? 
oh goshh.just saw the photo,what happen to her. it's so hard to believe  
Oh great i'm so tired and i've got work experience nxt week  my head hurts, i took to many of these strong tablets things and i passed out
Oh great its already started 
Oh great it's not even halfway through the morning and I got a headache. 
Oh great now I'm sick 
oh great starting holidays tommorrow and its nearly 6am and i starting to feel a little sick 
Oh great Tampa people - anybody in the area know someone who works for the Jain Society of Tampa Bay? None of their phone #'s work. 
Oh great, a thunderstorm, and it was so sunny earlier 
Oh great, my e-Junkie account was just suspended. I guess Paypal had an issue with all the $5 payments? 
Oh great, now i cant tell if she's joking or not. Apparently her dad wants a nice &quot;chat&quot; with me. I'm gonna get my skull bashed in 
oh great, way to ruin my day.  :@
Oh great,I have a photoshoot coming up soon...and now I have a face full of zits!!!  This sucks !!!
oh great. Finally good my first piece of good news today from goDaddy and Apple, and now I have a major head ache! 
Oh Great. Grumpy husband approaching for in depth discussion about my wifely failings. Could. Not. Be. Bothered. 
Oh great. Twitterfon now has adverts. *Coldplay* adverts. 
oh great.. its band night next door. :| not the same 3 songs ... again 
Oh great.. Rain!!.... Just what i need for my Bristol-Exmouth ride!! 
oh greg  i want to hug you.
Oh gtfo random singing teenager, your not good looking and you cost puppet man his position in the final 
oh guyss.....I feel ssso bad I think my bff wasn't a reall BFF  I dunno....
oh hai i lost 2 followers. 
Oh hand scab 
Oh happy day. Not 
oh hate to bother me forever, I gotta go  
OH hating watching at the clock... just 5 minutes then i have to leave  but in nearly 10 hrs IM BACK ^___^
Oh hay twitter ignore me i just want to look like i'm textan. Someone talk to me 
Oh headache. Yay! Bout to spend time with bf. I missed him 
oh hell no @lurvjessica   you overtook me yet again, but at least i know my friends combined score is over 600 k now
Oh hell yea to 46 &amp; 2!! Not sure if I have the vinyl but I'm gonna go check!! Part 2 of the haulage is still uploading btw 
Oh help me! Driving in my friends car. Shes not 2 good of a driver! She even admited it!!   She almost killed us last nite! Goin2 Triple A
Oh Henry Rollins no  http://tinyurl.com/nsdmcg
oh hey twitter... I keep forgetting about this thing. 
Oh hey, I forgot Valery Ortiz is in this movie. I miss Madison 
Oh hey, look, North Korea are going to kill us all; or at least some of us. 
oh hey. sorry i havent updated in a while ive been helping my mom with a garage sale... which was a total bust 
Oh hohohohoho. TA Interview P1 today. 
oh hold on it didnt work  dont worry haha
oh how about im home for a total of three days in july?! 
oh how i love 40s n scary movies! aah now if i only had a lady! 
Oh how I love Greys Anatomy! What will I do after the finale? Gosh 1st GossipGirl now this  ill have to survive on SATC repeats &lt;3 Carrie!
Oh how I love skits about disneyland but poor pluto got shot  hahaha
oh how I love tea 
Oh how I love US Airways! Late leaving Charlotte, missed connection to Santa Anna, stuck on Phoenix for another hour. 
Oh how I miss Domino magazine... 
oh how I miss having a pet 
oh how i miss In-N-Out Burger... 
Oh how i miss me and janelles dark afternoons of sonny and alex 
oh how i miss the summer of 07  i hate being away at school. i miss my friends.......
Oh how I miss thoes lazy sundays!! Work 
oh how i neglect you twitter! i'm sorry 
Oh how I so don't wanna go on my run right now 
Oh how I wish I could afford a cleaner, ssooo much housework &amp; ironing, don't know where to start 
Oh how I wish I was normal when it came to sleeping. I am the lightest sleeper ever.  its horrible
Oh how I wish the customizations I make to TweetDeck follow me around.  I don't feel like re-creating all the groups I made at home 
oh how i've missed my kitty 
Oh how sunburned am I. Crispy bacon springs to mind.   Anyhoo, taking the car to the garage for a pre-mot before warranty runs out too.
Oh how time passes by so quickly. 
Oh I am gonna have chicken for my tea but it's going to be a long time I can't handle this  someone keep me occupied while I wait for my t
OH i am so sleepy @ 6:51p....Oh no i'm missing Wheel of Fortune!!!!! 
Oh I am so very tired. I had some big headache today  good night!
Oh I can hear from the comfort of my warm snuggly bed that it's pissing it down 
Oh I can't wait to see all my friends at school! But really feel killing myself  instead of doing all the tests 
Oh I dislike waking up alone. 
--Oh I do not feel good at all. 
oh i feel sorry for this lady now  i do have a heart i do
oh i found 3 dollars outside today. yay! wish it was a hundred 
Oh i got to move now 
Oh I gotta go to bed. Not looking forward to clinic tomorrow. 
oh I guess I can't really do yoga. 
Oh I hate sewing  stupid hems! They should just stay up!
oh i hate the rain... and septa... and leaving my dog 
Oh I have been so busy. I mean I have not had time to go on here!!! 
oh i have to go clean my room that stinks 
Oh I have to unpack my DVDs! 
oh I just love early mornings. 
oh I just read the tweets from the pens game 
Oh i just want to be at the beach 
oh i know - the damn goop from the damn goopy chocolate - im a chocoholic yet i admit i dont like that damn goopy cadbury one 
Oh I managed to paint my nails while tipsy but I've just chipped them trying to get more ice out 
Oh i may have to go to bed soon..,,,Arrrggghhhh i really dnt want to get up at 6.30 on a Sunday but i must! 
Oh I miss my piece of old crap at home 
oh I miss you already! LOVE YA!  Sweet Kiss...
Oh I really miss him but theyrez nothen I can do. 
oh i see. . V. hahah  se where to much like them 
Oh I shall spend my glorious day off basking in the glow of re-reading Questionable Content from the start. 5 comics a week is not enough 
oh i should go to lollipops and rainbows instead but no ride  gosh mayynnnn. i hate when my parents fight :'(
oh i suddenly remembered its father's day today.hmm.dad hope u r happy with your new fml im sorry i think im getting over you 
oh i think kate's doin a better job this time  !  darn
Oh i thought she was her  oops  (Common Sense with Jim Alger live &gt; http://ustre.am/2KwN)
Oh I wish I could see the MTV movie award 
oh I wish I had any of my gothic lolita clothes still.   Anime Expo is going to be FREAKIN amazing this year!
Oh if someone thinks they can help me plz do so im lost here! 
Oh I'm not impressed...missed the m�tro by like 5 seconds...and stupid Sunday schedule means I need to wait for 8 mins for the next! 
oh i'm so tired  and i hate history
Oh i'm watching that sad movie again 
Oh insomnia, I hate you. I'm bored of staring at my ceiling, cano go sleepnow please? 
oh internet what would i do without you. What am i gonna do now WITHOUT THE INTERNET DAMN. OK gtg off 
oh it feels like i can't wait for tomorrow to play cutie pop AHAHA i'm so weird~ i wonder @nafisbelmont kiriyama kazuo is real 
Oh it's Learning At Work day, I forgot  Quick - someone tell me an interesting fact!
Oh it's make me sick It's rainin all day long!! I hate rain! comon I will buy the Album!!!! but I cant IF IT RAINS!!!!!!! 
Oh it's nice to have the day off!! (except I wish the weather wasn't all rainy) 
Oh it's raining again!! 
Oh its raining, joy work is gonna be fun 
Oh its so cooold ! I want summer summer summer ! And i missing my boyfriend soooo much... 
oh it's tuesday! shall catch SGB later hoho. it's been so long since i caught it 
oh ja, windows/iis hosted 
oh jeez, head hurts wen im standing. i wish i was in a sauna 
oh jeez. i have to do my english assignment. 
Oh Jesus so many freaks at slough with cameras taking pictures of old buses. @vuitton_ just left me, loner now 
Oh jesus today is hectic at work client after client. I need a back rub 
Oh jesus, more leaks from the 2003 steriod testing...Sosa..  http://tinyurl.com/mebvo4
Oh jesus. Ack it's the school shooting episode of degrassi 
oh jon &amp; kate.. you break my heart.. 
Oh Jon &amp; Kate... you make me think no marriage is a good one. 
Oh Jon and Kate. You make me sad. 
Oh joy for early morning Dr appointments 
Oh joy it's Sunday 
Oh joy left eye graft is rejecting... Back on eye drops 
Oh joy, fire alarm at school in the rain! :S Now have wet trousers 
Oh last night was so amazing i want it back 
Oh late nite I almost forgot what it was like. Baby up fussy with gas pains. 
Oh lawd even more family members getting on facebook 
Oh lawd the Tony's just turned depressing to me...I might just shared a tear during this number 
Oh lawd....these noodles messin with my stomach.  what is going on with my digestive system?!
Oh Liza... honey... I just don't know what to say  #Tonys
oh lol the follower thing was a cimputer glitch  twitter got me excited...awww im sad now
oh lol, thanks ashley! landon didnt like the name london! 
Oh look - the Indians are losing. Again. 
Oh look at all the snow outside, please go away! &amp; My eyes are about to close I am so tired 
oh look because the war is over in sri lanka, they are starting it aboard!  http://tinyurl.com/pmcbx2
Oh lookey: Nash Bridges 
Oh lord I lost BB jacket 
Oh lord I'm still packing... 
oh lord!! lol.... ummm what do i do now???? lol... nothing... as usual 
Oh lord, I've answered the door to one person already, now the floodgates are open apparently. 
Oh Lord, today is gonna suck food-wise. 
Oh lord. Someone has brought Reese's Peanut Butter cups into the newsroom. Bye Bye diet. 
oh lordddy i missed the live show 
oh lovely mondays.... 
oh man  i miss my laptop 
Oh Man @mikejcarroll is listening to Muppets show tunes, while @khenry81 and i cover our ears 
oh man 4 more sleeps in this bed..ever!. sad times, i dont waNT to move!i like my room,i like my house,i like most of the ppl i live with 
oh man a mist the hatton fight 
oh man half term is over now!!!!! this sucks back to school. Had an awsome and weird week with @Nicole756!!! luv u snorts. cya at school 
oh man i am baned from cnc . I didnt do anything wrong in game   ((((
oh man i am reading shit that is not hangover material at all.  also fml
oh man i am still so so crampy and i can't sleep 
Oh man I can't sleep. 6 am is gunna hurt.  I hate insomnia.
oh man i did dream that the red wings won the first game. lol bamm. 
Oh Man I Have A UTI and is SUCKS 
oh man i haven't logged in to Twitter forever!! had a busy week 
oh man i just made a joke of domestic abuse. sorry 
oh man i just noticed i got sunburned today  i'm rockin the &quot;natural&quot; blush
Oh man I missed tweets from @trishw5 @thetahealermaya sorry  they didn't show up on Twitterberry. I'm looking at the web @ replies now!
Oh man I need to get my arse home 
Oh man i think im gettin scared  all this stuff {tornado watch &amp;&amp; warning} (severe thunderstorm watch &amp;&amp; warning) we gonna die! Ah! Run!
oh man i wana go gym but am to lazy today  i love you lauren well done 
oh man i want straight hair now 
Oh man i want to open my own coffeeshop but without money, no way. Oh i want to be a millionaire 
oh man I wish I was in Barcelona all we have is rain today 
Oh man I'm gonna miss Fab on 106 &amp; Park 2night! 
oh man i'm sooo worried i'll fail my BTT tomorrow 
Oh man ima miss da djs spinnin liv at 6 nd 8 on www.suspencefulent.com cuz mi laptop lost da connection..its not fair   erry1 tune in  ...
oh man it's gloomy today 
oh man I've gotta work in the morning  gross
Oh man JG Ballard died.  RIP. Crash is probably one of my fave books/films ever.
Oh man just saw the HOTTEST guy but the way hn was walking, probably gay. 
Oh man MoCCA issues 
Oh man my sis boyfriend is.....well she has to live and learn I guess. 
oh man my team is suffering. I dont wanna jump shit. But it maybe time! Shaq is now on the Cavs, no more Nash Shaq team up on 2k9 for me! 
oh man oh man oh man. i miss uglyboy*  in one hour it will officially be 6 days.
Oh man Swells.you were meant to be the ultimate angry old man 
Oh man that movie Titanic gets me everytime... Especially the melody of the theme song 
Oh man that stinks.... Not sure what us worse ink or chap stick. Been there on both 
oh man that train collision was hella scary 
Oh man the Guys &amp; Dolls cast are doing &quot;sit down ur rockin the boat&quot; 2nite.  Awesome but no Lauren singing   She is presentin tho.
Oh man the right side of my face is proper swollen I need a doctor!! I am NOT going out tonight 
Oh man these rotating shifts are going to kill me! Graveyards!  Man I need a day job! Any one got any open day jobs? Please any ideas.
oh man this sucks  they are separating!!! Jon &amp; Kate my gosh!!! those kids poor poor kids 
Oh man what? No central line today! Goddamnit! I don't wanna go on the hammersmith line 
Oh man woke up 2bad news looks like its time 2take the funeral outfit out &amp; pay some respects 
Oh man! I forgot.. when I restore a phone... it's just the settings first, then I have to go back and do all the photos, apps, and stuff. 
Oh man! I just dropped my damn food. On the floor of course. Isn't that great? 
oh man! I left my book at the shop  I guess I don't get to read &quot;Three to Get Deadly&quot; by Janet Evanovich tonight *sigh*
Oh man! My feet huuurt 
Oh man! Oldcrew outing to Singapore flyer is cancelled   Some other time then.
Oh man!! My head hurts 
Oh man!!! Had a go at touch foot with da boys this morning to find out my foot is still messed up!!! I freaking hate injuries!!!!   Hehe
oh man!..david and david are here in the philippines!..oh well, another concert i can't get to.. 
oh man, exams soon 
Oh man, food poisoning, possibly from old leftovers. I regret 
oh man, how sad   http://bit.ly/3sCZMK  little girl w/ cancer wanted to see Up, saw it, &amp;dies 
Oh man, I feel sick. As in I might have contracted a cold... maybe from the kids' slobber on Thursday 
Oh man, I'm feeling all sad...I miss my beautiful boy Ee   but i'm talking to him now, I feel a little better x
oh man, its pouring down rain here  and its thundering and lightening too
oh man, my tzatziki isn't ready until tomorrow! 
oh man, so tired now  25m went good, 10m couldve been better. sucks having to sub in people.
oh man, these big avocados are nowhere near as good as the smaller variety    one of you twitter guys out there understands
Oh man, why am I at work from 9am tomorrow? Bastards. I'm too tired 
oh man. :'( Farrah Fawcett died this morning. man...THE Charlie's Angel. I'm praying for her family. This is just....really sad. 
OH MAN. day 2 of being sick.. i really shouldve stayed home... 
Oh man. Every time I think about the exams tomorrow I feel like throwing up. I feel so unprepared 
Oh man. I cut off my toe nail in a very painful manner in the bounce house. Its all sweeny todd on my toe!  someone kiss it better lol.
oh man. I did not realize until I was in may 2009 that the octopus pie comics have title text 
oh man. I feel a little better now but that was rough. 
Oh Man. I forgot how sad the end of this is england is.  i almost cried. 
oh man. i hope nothing personal doesn't get leaked tomorrow 
oh man. i need to pee. but i really dun wanna walk all the way to the bathroom....  maybe i can hold it!
Oh man. Just remembered (a few hours too late) that we were supposed to see Ladytron tonight.  FAIL
Oh man. Just saw the breaking news. The constant fear of life everytime I sit on a plane is confirmed when things like this happen. 
Oh man. My friend Shaye just lost a really good friend by a motorcycle adent. Tre sad 
Oh man. My friend Shayeclubb just lost a really good friend by a motorcycle accident. Tre sad 
Oh man. That IHOP was DELICIOUS. Tastes even more delicious after a win, haha. Can't wait until Wednesday! Work tomorrow. 
Oh man. The moon's damn nice today. And so is the sky! I wish you were here with me to see this. 
Oh man.. My stomach is giving me a hard time right now.   :the-bends:_//
Oh man... :| what about stavros flatley  and poor aiden and holly!! 
Oh man... It's 836 and I have not had my dinner yet... 
oh man... they found debris from the Air France flight... praying for the families of the 228 passengers 
Oh Man.... Dis Sux... cant go On Bebo  I Guess It Was My Own fault ...?
oh man..... Singapore gonna die soon  cries.. this is exactly what is written in the bible.. lol... oppressions of christians!
oh man...im super tired 
Oh man...splurged and ordered pizza for dinner.  It's my last night of eating whatever I want before surgery...I felt the pressure! 
Oh man...this cold will not leave me alone. 
oh man...wish me luck on the AP Bio exam tomorrow! 
oh man.Wanted to buy a ticket for lady gaga, but they are sold out..  .whatever.I'm just happy to have a ticket for P!nk on November,28th
Oh mannn....Parents sending me to Beddybyes  NIGHT!
oh masterchef, wtf am i going to do when you finish 
Oh me oh my, I wish I had some money  Talking to Brandon haha 
Oh Melissa ur like the boy tht cried wolf  I don't kno what to believe. I'm hoping tht u love us tho. Ima hit the hay night night peeps
oh men.. school again tom. 
Oh mother fuck. I have math homework.   --------------------------------------------- Sent by... Read more at http://bit.ly/N91pZ
Oh motivation, how I miss thee.. 
oh mr obama please get off my tv  I love you but i need my days right nows. what will happen with sammie and rafe? i need 2 know!
Oh Mr.Sun, where are you? 
@nickorloff yeah got crappy weather all weekend here   how far did you ride in the Dandenongs?
@nickovdw I miss you guys! I saw Cobra in November, but have since frothed at the mouth for a bad film club, but I'm in the states. 
@nickovey Ive already got 2 enclosures for my twin 320gb hdd's and my WD 500gb external. I won't see it before LM tho. 
@nickpickles hope you're ok buddy 
@NICKR_DA_ANR ughhhh......but i don't wanna! 
@nickryan Awww you make our hearts ache! 
@nicksantino  my last tweet to you  hope your not mad at me! I feel terrible right now! 
@nicksantino Aw men! I wanna see her too. 
@nicksantino but your not going to play warped in oregon 
@nicksantino even though you won't read this... i'm majorly bummed you won't be at school of rock, in jersey, with the cab. 
@nicksantino hahah aw  well at my school almost all seniors have perfect attendance cause thats the only way we can be exempt from exams
@nicksantino i have that same exact problem!  it sucks.
@nicksantino I so would, if I weren't over an hour away   Good luck and have fun!
@nicksantino i wish i was going to see you this summer! your not playing with the cab july 22  every other date you aree...
@nicksantino i wish i was in Arizona... 
@nicksantino Nick,i want to be in the band too. 
@nicksantino no don't leave mass just yet. i wanted to randomly bump into you somewhere 
@nicksantino omg. NO!! NICK I AM BEGGING YOU!!! R-PATTS IS GROSS. HE DOESN'T SHOWER. HE SAID THAT!!!! AND HE IS NOT CUTE IN ANY WAY!  
@nicksantino pshh my body doesnt let me sleep past 8:00 
@nicksantino Tie Dye !? I love . Whyyyyyyy!? Once i do it ,it turns out ugly. 
@nicksbabe28 hey i'm doing good hun. back @ college today tho  how are you?
@NicksCorner IM SLOW  and a dork i mispelled #BSB
@Nickseevers Yes, Spending time with a Chocolate bear  
@nicksohiogirl  i hate when its like this
@NickSpov hollla to that! lol wanna buy me one?  PWEEEZ
@NicksStudmuffin WHAT GUY WOMAN?! you know i'm nosey! Haha &amp; ur mean. U didn't tell me you love me. 
@nickstatler ..my throat hurts.. 
@NickSwisher Come back to the WHITE SOX!! 
@NickSwisher hey sorry ab loss today 
@NickSwisher I think you'll be rained out today 
@NickSwisher we all thought you guys were gonna pull out some 9th inning magic again!. 
@nicktabick @thursdayschild Only slightly related: Know how to move an Amarok stats database from one comp. to another? I've got no luck. 
@nicktakis I miss you. A WHOLE LOT. I was listening to a voicemail yesterday and I found the one I saved from you when I lost my phone. 
@nicktalife lol...just haven't gone to bed yet! 
@nicktansy Have that and my 21 days are over. 
@nicktansy Why? 
@nickteee well I rushed to google to identify the thing, it's harmless but means there's too much waste or uneaten food lying around 
@NickTheIntern my love!!! We still havn't done lunch together like we said we would.. I miss you my friend 
@nicktheowl sorry  just after you left it was Jose Gonzalez: Heartbeat which would have been a better &quot;last dance&quot;...
@nicktionary I've got the TD levels really well balanced thanks to @KyeLani but always run out for at least 5 minutes 
@nickvampie you are not nice to me 
@nickvanna - Please tell me you guys are coming here tomorrow still for the Zumiez couch tour, or I'll be a veddy saaaad panda 
@nickvegas Is there anywhere else I am in the UK and Hulu is for US users only 
@nickvisel SAY BOY WHERE YOU BEEN?? text me i lost  all my numbers on my sim card 
@nickwalkerrules so i guess i dont matter to ash....  
@nickwall0 Im not bannished... but I am at work till 6 
@nickwall0 I'm still waiting for my steak 
@Nickxm sorry to hear 
@nicky_t too late for me to switch  Now I'm out of UK I'm stuck with NutFest. Specialise in employing incompetent rude halfwits.
@Nicky3rd aww im srry to hear that bro! 
@nickyaffair he never picked up his phone  sorry!
@nickybelly my bad my bad lol, I follow too many folks 
@nickybelly ope! My b I jumped the gun, that's a DQ 
@nickybyrneoffic Gymboree... all right for some! The rest of us will be working  and you still owe me £6!!
@nickybyrneoffic hey nicky its crappy weather up here in armagh as wel!!   xxx
@nickybyrneoffic hiya  nicky      i think  there  is rain  on  the  way   hope  ur well  XxXx
@nickybyrneoffic I had my 18th last nite..i tld ev1 u wer cumin haa! Didn happen obv  lol.. It was a WL tribute nite neway =] xx
@nickybyrneoffic Lucky yo...am having two exams and a bad cold too  enjoy your lovely day 
@nickybyrneoffic Lucky you it has started here again 
@nickybyrneoffic west midlands, and it is raining 
@nickybyrneoffic Where have you gone?? come back on twitter  xx
@nickybyrneoffic you have jinxed it now! Just startin to spit rain in clare. Boo 
@nickycakes I really hope this isn't the real album 
@NickyDiamonds  haha I do, lake show will prob win. But I learned my lesson from my 18-1 pats 
@Nickygencs17 i wish i could. i miss you way more! i'm so sad i haven't seen you in FOREVER!! 
@nickyjx me either, I feel like when I'm on my own, I'll have days when i'll cry out of the no where, reminiscing about the past. 
@nickylaa  I have a verly long day tomorrow 
@nickylovesheath What happened? 
@NickyLovesMcFly aww no  its horrible when grandparents are ill x
@NickyLovesMcFly exactly  and i have little money as it is
@NickyMcB haha I think that would be pretty great! I have never died my hair an awesome colour 
@NickyMcB I didn't  can u send me the link
@NickyMcB I have...I dont like it  Lol I get so lonely so fast. haha jk. Its okay, as long as we have each other ;)
@NickyMcB lol I am glad that we understand at least. Sometimes, people are too serious 
@NickyMcB none sense. thought he was making fun of me liking dorky guys but i assumed and I shouldnt have 
@NickyMcB way to leave me all alone and bored with nothin and no one  ***shaking fist violently***
@NickyMcB yeah it was hard. I have done it by myself on a car before but truck was so much harder  I am just at my parents right now u?
@NickyMcB YES! I think he looks a bit like Rob, NO? 
@nickynocky I pay just over a hundred, for me and occasional kids in a house, but not metered. Yours does sound high then 
@nickynocky I'm looking for other utility suppliers tonite now 
@nickynocky Yeah its rubbish, think my bill just gone up as well, and you have to filter the crap water 
@nickynocky Yeah they've got you every which way 
@nickynooboo You must be so relieved - I hate exams, fortunately I haven't had to do any for ages. Unfortunately I have to work instead 
@niclas Tweeted too soon 
@nicmcc : Sadly... it's already been handed over 
@NicMeLBraM  - I got some pasta rigati if ur were in the area
@NicMelleby Syph! ( I have to go away now, though. I'm already late.  Will you be around in an hour?) @BaleyRocks23 LOL.
@nicmenaj love u so much..fingers crossed tonite hell come 
@Nicnax666 i cant click links on my phone  whats it say??!
@NicnCher It told me to vacation in London... I WORK THERE I don't wanna vacation at work 
@Nicnixs OMG I just realized we are finally awake at the same time in two weeks! Isn't it almost morning there?? Sorry you're still up 
@Nico303 Make sure Feather takes u to Nordstrom Rack....u will spend hours there, trust me! Wish I was going...maybe next time 
@nicofell I am not too sure, I think when you connect the first time it asks for your mobile number. I can't even get that far 
@nicogv The Sims 3 torrent you gave me doesnt work anymore   
@nicoifyournasty dude. i miss you already and i haven't even left yet.     yes, i did just do that.
@Nicola_Donnelly i cant believe you &amp; amy are abandoning us...Criessss 
@Nicola_Goulsbra ah u must b relieved, surely not long til diss is done too? and yay for time with bfs! I'm back to stinky newbury on fri 
@nicola_prigg Yeah  shouldn't really - Too emotional!
@nicola171281 i was up all night with a stomach bug i think!  how are you?xx
@Nicolaarthur I know I dont see why #sephora cant they ship to the UK?  On a trip to Barcelona I was like a kid in a candy store! 
@Nicolaarthur I still have work to do just so needed the lie in!feel myself gettin the cold too  great!
@nicolabird I LOVE that book! But it slid off my desk and fell down the back of the radiator and now I can't get it out - devastated! 
@nicolacrossley. Tickets, i need my tickets, where are my tickets. i want my ticketttttss 
@NicolaFanPage oh god! i don't like it 
@nicolah Yeah, they haven't found the wreckage, but it's definitely crashed 
@NicolaHerbert  .... the crisis is guilty for you not having your money now !
@NicolaHerbert goggul. Bad busy day today!  xx
@NicolaKenny I know! But I'm going to see JB in November so I'm not that bummed and McFly at V Fest, so I feel more for you 
@nicolalalalala Anything good on? I'm bored 
@nicolalalalala hellooooo I would but as i'm going to #glasto next week I'm seriously short of cash so can't really afford it I'm afraid 
@nicolalalalala I ain't even got time for that, I gotta be out the door in half an hour! 
@nicolalalalala LOL I'm glad I didn't reply as I was going to saying I fancied a facial as well 
@nicolalalalala oh no when did that happen??  xx
@nicolalalalala ohh i must have missed that 
@NicolaMandy @diahooha I will be this week :/ my dad's making me go 
@NicolaMandy NO!!! for the poster! NOOOOOOOO! who could want it more than us!?!? 
@nicolamtan http://twitpic.com/8d3wv - OMG i am so fucking jealous right now you dont understand 
@nicolaquinn Enjoying the sun, not working.  Had a good opportunity come and go this/last week. 
@nicolaquinn Hope so, have one good opportunity left atm, but have been very quiet for a while now.  http://bit.ly/EFBds
@Nicolargh ther far, i wont get 2 c u!!!!!!!!  xoxox
@NicolaRobertsUK lets just say we got an unwelcomed reg 
@NicolaTheFiat Poor Speedy, he still has no battery, we went again yesterday and there isn't one on the island yet 
@nicolaxiola HA!  Already sold them... but not from Twitter 
@Nicole___  just keep in your usual high spirits and you'll beat that sucker in no time. x
@nicole_b86 a think a might leave a coment like whats the point in even explaining yourself aha a really want a celeb to coment back 
@nicole_b86 anooo  we'll probably end up just goin a walk lol as usual!
@nicole_b86 anoooo  its always the gay ones lolol  #hateperez
@nicole_b86 aww i love tht film haha  i mite cry at this cos my sister said both the boys die #hateperez
@nicole_b86 same  she seems so full of herself now :S
@nicole_b86 they really cant aha :^) a hoovered brushed &amp; tidyed the other day after u left aha 
@nicole_b86 yeh  well emma is am not haha im not evil like her! #hateperez
@nicole_b86 yuppp  twitter is pure borin tonight lol  what times bb on at?
@Nicole_Barker Lots of enterprise savings 2b found when u look. IT no different. Contracts often have nice earners 4 the other side 
@nicole_ireland I knowww  When's he coming back again?
@nicole_keaulani wow moving up to the transpac flights?!?  Right on...I miss working at Hawaiian Air!!!  
@nicole0415 @thespunkyone I was there but I was alone so I left 
@Nicole2112 @melissa0616 I have a graduation fest with the fam  I really am craving tex mex too 
@Nicole274 aww  ima kick his ass...  Ash
@nicole328 some ppl from work wanted to go.  I thought I was back in pueblo.   lol
@Nicole848 My brother's.  Get better!
@NicoleBrasfield the nprians are going to see it tonight.  let's go asap!
@nicolechen You mean you don't know that you have been telling us all how to get more followers??  Uh oh...
@NicoleCoolness I'll miss the old liberal Nicole.   
@nicolecorreia47 noooooo jobro just did first show with Miley 
@Nicolee09x sorry  and okay but I'm feelin sick 
@nicoleechua why? 
@NicoleeeFx so I have no idea what i'm gonna do with the story now 
@nicoleeex  Aww, well, WE HAVE STUFF IN COMMON, FRANKSUS.
@nicolefuryy i wanted to see panic at the disco, but theyre not coming either  but yea im excited i might have to go to the tampa...
@nicolegaudioso u. R. A. Freak. @jackalltimelow is on mtv now. He doesn't have time 4 us 
@Nicolegostek who gives a shittt, just tell shelby that you really dont wanna go. Like your goinn to feel so awkward there yaknow 
@nicoleh0984 .. im sorry he is a bible basher .. he told me ! 
@NicoleHainey23 I dont have breaking dawn yet, and i REALLY need to read it  Eclispe is good like 
@nicoleheape whats this chemo talk??? Am i missing something? 
@nicolejaa ughh nvm my computer is being gay &amp; not letting me send them sorry 
@nicolejacinto It was a waste if you think about it. They still kicked her out  &amp; IR had to babysit her on the sidewalk.  Poor IR 
@NicoleJensen I don't think you can be in the 10k team if your doing the 5k  I'll mark as attending anyway in case there's beer ;)
@NicoleJensen I'm sorry, that sucks 
@NicoleJensen Sorry! I suck with faces  And I loved your performance, prior to realising I knew you, which means it was unbiased 
@nicolekman omg...I know nicole we may as well give up haha @jonasbrothers are not gunna notice us ! 
@nicolelefavour wow  I thought it was at noon 
@NicoleLindner  i'm sorry. i don't always get service from my dorm room. i'll call ya tomorrow boogaboo. say hi to cher &amp; dionne fermeeee
@nicolelouisej i know, i died a little inside when he was crying (l) him.. I didnt see any john and ashton twittering 
@nicolemariebby hahha me too. My house don't have snack food tho 
@nicolenakamoto @brightfever you guys are great! Sorry we didn't get to learn any science at the Exploratorium 
@Nicoleos Hahaha nope i haven't start on it yet.I did some lit tho.Alot of homework can just die nowww. 
@nicolepennell I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@nicolepenney That sucks! I'm going to be doing summer school.  Need to catch up on several units 
@nicolereber i hope i'm not the only one who's sad about the season being over  hahahahahaha so excited for the reunion next week
@nicolerichie Haha good point.. I wish I had blackout curtains 
@nicolerichie the boy in the stripped pijamas. that movies really good but sad 
@nicolerichie yes! we had the VHS. i cried when the old man died 
@Nicolesaid You haven't interneeeet? My god, I need to talk with yoou !  xd
@nicolesimons he is friends with Christian. 
@nicolespag Done that toomany times myself. 
@nicolestriff awwwww  did ya get to see holly yet? lol
@nicoleswheeler   what sun? 
@nicoletsang Truthfully, I feel like shit. My ears hurt because of my throat and it actually hurts to talk/listen to anyone 
@nicolettesweet haha im actually ill! lol thats why i havent  that, and the fact that im a geek. xx
@NicoleValerie94 Miss Nicole has a twitter and new told me  i still love you anyways
@NicoleVicious Awww  And you are most certainly a BAMF! You're the new Chuck Norris, that's how BA you are
@NicoleWebber i don't have  but i'm pretty sure i need one
@nicolexhey  YeeeaaaH I agree with you 
@nicolextee I'm trying! It wont let me &quot;select all&quot; them.  And the uploader freaks out. Rawr.
@nicoleyy305 -  when the hell do we get report cards..... I'm shitting major bricks
@nicolle77 ha ha no, they are not big at all. My belly is where all my weight gain is. Hate it! I need to lose some. I hate you mr.food 
@nicolle77 Not fair.  I want to keep my iPhone but get voice notes.  
@nicollegibson whyyy!!! dont say tht 
@nicolysis free iphone lol http://bit.ly/QF9wS I need one, mine broke 
@Nicomart82 a very lonely man....  I miss her too!
@nicosiaoceania we only have 1 more day left. and she's 8000+ votes ahead of gio.  help me: #mcflyinmanila #mcflyinmanila #mcflyinmanila
@nicprausa The newest episode won't download on my work computer 
@NicRamirez We drove past him  he was prob 18. I'm not a pedophile right?
@nicrizzo yup, tried it all, its dead  On its way back to #Apple (or a repair facilty anyways) by @ktiedt
@nicrush i think i'm leaning towards &quot;yes suspenders&quot; atm. also: camping til late  another backlog of maddow it seems... rawr.
@Nicsey wassup m8 ... bad day not good 
@nicthaquik You are right about the swine flu but It's a new strand of hereditary material.  No one's body has seen it before...  
@Nicveitch  Not good  Hope you're feeling better soon x
@Nicward2 No fun, I don't want to win...I want to play  lol
@nicxjustice  elbows are stupid.
@Nicxo i wanna go to the cinema to see....HANNAH MONTANA THE MOVIE!  im sure theres another movie i wanna see too... :')
@niddy3 me too nids! the weather is beautiful and i wish i was doing something fun outside 
@Nidhida  Well I'm watching friends on E4. Fat Monica's kinda hot. Hmmm...
@Nidiamazing I am sorry i didnt think u were gonna get on 
@NielHeesakkers That's luxurious clycing to a client. Do you want to switch I have a day at the office 
@niellimartinez How come everytime I go OL you're busy? I'm starting to think you're hiding from me, guuurl! 
@nielphine Hey, aint gonna happen. Friday classes only  i got owned.
@nielsschooneman Apple doesn't provide news beyond &quot;Approved&quot; and &quot;Rejected&quot;  I hear that right now the wait is about 3wks from submis.
@Niens aaah poor you, for the site not letting you copy their text 
@Niero @rufio_o I'm missing out from drunken fun with my ciroc boyz! I've never even been to moon 
@nievesj it's The Choctaw resort casino in Durant, Ok. The pool is the best part cause it's on an Indian Reservation. So no alcohol 
@niffany15 i didnt go to a concert 
@niffster cheers jen(nifer). saha's opening goal came faaaaaar to early. it added even more pressure, which proved to be too much. 
@nifty84 it's because I'm gettin sick that your feeling down. I'm gettin the flu 
@niftybitch time to leave a passive agressive note to the owners.  It's not the dog's fault... it's their shitty owners 
@NiftyKnits have fun, we were going to go today, just locally, but it is hissing down 
@NiftyKnits Oh that stinks  It's hard to compete when the competition breaks the rules
@NiftyKnits that stinks. 
@nigelccampbell oh  .. forget my last tweet question
@nightboyz7  sry lol nice day. but didnt get to go outside *tear* too much work to do
@nightboyz7 u gonna go to math tmr? probability!! lol i so need help on that 
@NightClub937 Have fun with Brett! Drink a drink for me, i'm on my way to work 
@NIghthawk0921 .. Yea I'm not in the best mood either 
@NightNinjaKelz you're mean to me 
@Nightr6701 i here you.   2009 has sucked so badly...
@NightShow1015 i love that you went to bed 2 hours before i woke up  fml.
@nightsmusic LOL!! How am I supposed to spit the seeds at people if I have no seeds    Am seriously going to a fruit stand
@nightsun73 too long! am so over it 
@nighttime_lies I still be thinking of you  -heart-
@NightwishCookie I thought it would just be like Pam Anderson but they had some scary stuff in there 
@Nightwyrm was at a committee meeting 
@nigs thanks nigs serves me right I suppose for allowing my anti virus to run out 
@nihonmama  just woke up a few mins ago.  I can't tell yet, ofc govt is fighting back - not going 2 b easy.  tough night ahead. 
@niiinaa  i love you neens! i liked seeing you at the regents loveee ♥ study hall reunion soon?
@niiing I KNOW!! but i'm going home on sunday!  i emailed him telling him i can't go.maybe by some freak of nature i'll be able to attend.
@nik_kee_dee Until the pain gets too much and then you have to go. I am not having my wrists sliced, sometimes it makes it worse too 
@Nika_Lambert  Don't leave the cripple!
@NikaMohar what kind of apartment are you looking for? Renting or buying? I might have some connections .. but cannot promise much 
@nikanika1987 whats wrong honey? why u feel like that? i feel like shit too. my back hurts 
@Nikaz Ah, so that's why I haven't heard from you yet. Going to bed soon. Tomorrow promises to be aggravating. 
@nikdoof chu. You are so mean. I'm like a bloody milk bottle I've been kept indoors for soooooo long  slaves work better with a tan!
@nikeasm dang yall had fish yesterday?  i miss fridays at Granny's...yall just too far now! (((sad)))
@NikeBask23 why?? 
@nikeetaa i wish i had a job like i use to  i might not be so lazy
@nikensujono you aren't tweeting for me. 
@NikESweetz  well i tried i guess
@niketheory ; me too  have to be up in a few hrs.
@NikFreeman ok I hate u right now! Lol I want food  I'm at softball game n no delis around
@NikFreeman u won like 1000 points with being a cancer, then u had to go and bash my borough  negative 500 Haaaaaaa!
@nikhilnarayanan I am missing kerala loads.Pls dont make me more jealous by rubbing it in 
@nikhilnarayanan wow! U are really making me miss home 
@Niki that baby store in parkway filed for bankruptcy  saddest part is the note on the door fired the employees.. http://twitpic.com/7kswu
@Niki7a Don't say that about the eye twitch, I had it last weekend 
@NikiaHope danng i hate thaat!! 
@nikibrownie I miss you niki joon! The situation in iran is crazy  time for another enghelob!
@nikifer  all the folks i play l4d with on the xbox no longer wants to play with me!! cause i ONLY use the 'mercy' map only on easy! lol
@NikiLuv73 me, too!  We have to get our acts together...lol.
@nikimariesmith and @ashleybarnes_ I would visit youuu only stupid bio is calling me. 
@nikimontazaran oops!! It's ok I can't really nap since people are checking in 
@NikiNeis i miss you.  true story.  soon, you'll be gone forever.  
@NikiNeis not having you around is not fun.  
@nikinic29 i dont know but it's driving me nuts! i toss and turn all night 
@nikipaniki Camping was great! I went through some Twitter withdrawals, though  I want to see your nails when you're done.
@nikipaniki Wow. You sure is very hardworking! I'm ashamed.  And I'm bloated right now  *depressing*
@nikitabonita Yeah, @ericavery had tix,but I was getting my wedding gown fitted at the time and this time I knew the answer! I lose again 
@NikitaSamuelle I will miss June, too!!!! 
@nikitaturino Didn't get to see it! It was sold out! Figures.  My dad is just being difficult and putting unreasonable expectations on me.
@NikkBrown it's still sittin in my room. lookin for a sweet sweet home.... 
@nikkeebear aww it seems to  hate everyone 2night 
@nikkeekristen Yeah, it says that at the bottom  21+, and must be available to live there from Aug 19th to nov 2nd, roughly.
@Nikkers My bad.    What we need to talk about is you not watching the Cosby Show.  smh.
@Nikkers yeah that's why I'm still not home 
@nikki : didn't do it.  We didn't have a team so we stayed in and watched &quot;All That Jazz&quot; instead.
@nikki_21 spotlight search is the best feature!!! oh yeah, fine tune fastforward on movies/music is cool. no MMS or video 
@Nikki_Hoskin i'm with u on that, twitter's just not the same as when i first fell in love  ground enough 4 a divorce??! but i still care!
@Nikki_I Adam and yvonne planned a night out For graduation/a going away gathering. I wanted you to be there 
@nikki_lopez I want to be in florida too! 
@nikki_lopez Shall have my phone with me so i'll be popping in at some point. Gonna be heavy rain 2moro so not impressed with that either 
@nikki_lopez The sun is making me tired 
@nikki_scarfo You never started with me..  No calls or nothing     What's good with that mama?
@nikki0919 nope not really 
@Nikki2hot4Radio we miss u here  BRANG YO ASS BACK TO CAROLINA lol
@nikkiannsilva  *waaaaah* no contest winners posted !!!   haha! http://twitpic.com/7f9x9 - but u love playin' dressup ;)
@NikkiBalzzz i did! me and sarah r were watching it.. there weren't too many people watching, just a few. it was early and raining out 
@nikkibender what is the plan? did he give you food and stuff or just exercise? lets go out for food this weekend.I have to work saturday 
@NikkiBenz @JaylaStarr Nighty night!  lol  I'm just getting up to go to work, it's not the good kind of work I do with Jennifer either 
@NikkiBenz aww, I wanted to see a picture off it 
@NikkiBenz btw, did I miss your contest on Sunday? 
@NikkiBenz Theres no power port on the plane seats? 
@NikkiBenz There's worse places to go than NZ.  Reminds me of back home in Scotland..  
@NikkiBons Happy Birthday Dork!! Lots of love for you today!!!  I wish I was there so I could buy you a drink   Make it a great night!
@NiKKiBooP was me saying the first you heard I think there has been a bit a mix up with this sale fan club etc should have know about it 
@nikkibop @troykids i wish i could listen  but the service is 6 bucks a month to get it on my phone. 
@NikkiCrivello i've got really bad arthritus in my left hand. I cant use my thumb at all 
@NikkiCSWS OWW! that girl needs her meds. I feel her, though. Adam got cheated 
@nikkideejay hahaha yeah  someonr told me to cuz like a bunch of others are doing it too. haha its not working. hah
@nikkidreams Yesterday I slept until 2... missed out on the WomanSpirit Faire in Long Beach 
@nikkiduggan Hey your not following me yet  How are you hun?? Miss you already xxx
@nikkie20six I would if I was around my camera 
@Nikkiede Marie is just Jealous! I so missed seeing you at work today. 
@NikkieTutorials yeah but you guys have gosh.. and barry m 
@Nikkiilyx Yeah i have, is yours in manchester? They dont really go there much  probably why, not fair they should go all around the UK
@NikkiLynette downloading new music and pondering who I can harass for some instrumentals to write too. And checking emails 
@NikkiMarieC omg I'm in the same boat!! So so so unhappy  we r there in spirit!
@NikkiMK I stuck around.  Did you mean @cmykdorothy who left? It was good to see you all, even if only briefly!
@NikkiNick aww hunny.. im sorry.. i got caught up here.. will u forgive me?  i really am sorry.. whatz on now or next?..
@NikkiNick ooh ok.. well im gonna hop in bed.. and watch some tv.. text me whenever.. im sorry.. 
@NikkiNTU what the forreal? 
@NikkiReagan do you mean like setup forum a b and c with forum manager? nope, I don't believe so 
@nikkirei21 well i sent you one  BUT OH WELLLL. transformers on 23rd/24th's midnight, oui oui?
@nikkisonfire @Youaremyanchor u didn't reply it 
@NikkiStixx @valentinamia omg you guys will know when I'm getting nasty!!  My head hurts 
@NikkiStixx you love us and the NSYNC more than the beard!! Right? A little? 
@NikkiUK77 *sigh* you are right Nikki  Thank u for having uploaded it to ur account so many times x
@NikkiWebb I have the same issue! Shame we live on opposite sides of the city 
@nikkixwalker awh baby  i hope you get better soon! i'd bring you soup and juice and medicine.. but i'm kind of across the country. :p
@nikkluv &lt;3 I hate timezones  they make me angry. are you at work now?
@nikkoblam what happened?! 
@nikkoran wow that sucks  get new internet! haha
@nikkybest n don't I wish I was there...  Jealous!
@niknice stomach ache must have rubbed off on me...i think I ate one too many brownies  but, man they were good!
@nikobatallones I wish I could do a short film alone. 
@nikodaza we need to hang 
@Nikolaaaa Yea LOL buh I feel mean doin that 
@nikolecamarae that she didnt wanna take me and get out of the house 
@nikoli_ I know  But, I enjoy it, and niggas got to know hows I do it...
@nikorudesu  best wishes. Stay positive
@Nikos150 yeshh i know  enak banget sih. lg pd ngapain??
@nikredbull Im going there for vacation this summer so I'm gonna miss out on Steve Aoki 
@nikrichie aww  why dont you go to bed and just relax if you cant fall asleep  if you can then dream a wonderful dream  x
@NikRou R u back yet?!! I can't take the separation 
@NikRou sad how it always works out like that   21-19 Lakers 9 min left in the 2nd Q
@NikRou what do u mean u r not goin 2 da bahamas? explain urself. 
@nikski i have so much footage like what he was talking about from when i was studying and pretty much a tomato freak - never used it 
@nikudonko the show was amazing! U shoulda gone...   we're going to hondaya in the old mitsuwa ctr if u wanna come out
@nikume better help #moldova at elections.. we need the democracy too  #pman
@NilajaKai I just feel like puking! Idk why tho  but at least I'm not at work anymore 
@Nilcraban Have they said they WON'T do a Zune HD for Aus ??   Or just &quot;no info / announcement&quot; ??     I'm guessing *NO*...   
@NileyAddict155 hey , girl! I support you , Niley its a great couple. I want them back 
@nileybulgaria http://twitpic.com/7xn1l - how can you people see this?? it's so blurry.. i can't even tell who's who  but i really ho ...
@nileybulgaria http://twitpic.com/7xn1l - OMJ! i cant see the pic! can u post it again or something 
@NileyBulgaria yeah well @xMileyxNickx can keep her opinion to herself!  so please just stop with the horrible tweets x
@nileyforever16 ohh, hehe. ugh tomorrow's school! 
@NileyLover09 Sis! I made a mistake in the picture!  I have to delete it... I have to add something in it...
@NileyLover09 Thanks but I spend the day with her everyday because she lives with me lol,,,but she ripped my JB poster today 
@nileylovestory but i dnt want to bitch about her. its just we sudn't have 2 treat nick like crap for @justingaston 
@nileylovestory hey whatd u video say? Im sick in bed &amp; cant watch it  explain?
@nileylovestory hey..did u hear about what miley said?  just becuz we support niley means we're not a 'true' fan? (
@NileyLoveStory is that because miley is taking a part of before the storm?  I wanna know why u think nick's in love with her, tell me 
@nileyworldtv im sorry  i would go over right now if i wasnt at dennys.
@nileyworldtv It will!  Dang Flappit! I wish I was there! 
@nileyworldtv omg.. i want to!!! i'd give it all for that!  unfortunately, i live too far.. i'm from brazil!! :@ NILEY!
@nileyxlove totally!! i don't like seeing the trailer over and over again because it makes me sad that we don't get to see it yet. 
@NilimaP yay!! On centre court right now but in the shade... Boo... No tan time 
@NillaDrop I've seen that clip... it's pretty crazy! haha The bull never called back or even said thanks.  Not just people suck, bulls too
@nilsipilsifan Hehe. Yeah, me too.  or I would totally write it. XD
@nimbleboy so sorry for your loss. 
@NimbleRunner The more the merrier...This injury isn't shifting though 
@nimbupani would love to do the same analysis on my feeds. problem is all i have are OPML files and those are bloody hard to analyze 
@nimbuzz is calling supposed to work with msn? because it doesn't work for me 
@nina_oliver lol yea. i really hated that episode last night. and i hated the fake obit online even more. im gonna miss him. 
@nina_oliver unfortunately no  try aol?
@nina1986_2004  well stay safe and warm!
@ninaada Donno yaar! Bought it about two yrs back! But the ROM supports HTC Diamond and Pro only! 
@ninaamour      i would go out but you know what happened and i don't think i'm up to it just yet!! 
@ninacox I hope everything turns out okay. How scary!  *hug*
@NinaCSch I try to ... but the moment my thesis is freaking me SO out 
@NinaDi had a look at your new photos using Holga! Great stuff! Did you process your negs? Mys canner does not scan my negs properly 
@ninadonline I have no excuses to be up other than I can't sleep anymore.   I can never sleep in on the weekends. BLAH!
@NinaDutchess im drinking early, interview tomorrow morning at 11 
@ninaferrell poor whales  I am sending love and light!
@ninaidris live to work - that's me 
@ninalasvegas oh monday? bah i get back end of the week  BLAST! ah well i'll have to catch you when i get back t syd in july...
@Ninalicia omg im gonna cry i just got a call sayin that i cant go 2 the pool party in south beach cuz i went 2 the underground...wtf 
@ninalicious great for the eyes, but useless for the man!  Look but do not touch 
@NinaMcFLY I feel so bad 
@NinaMcFLY John Barrowman, my mate LOVES him and she met him today in London... I'm always in London and NEVER see McFly   x
@NinaMcFLY Me, too ;P I wanna see em live soon. I can't wait anymore. 
@NinaMcFLY my throat hurts so  
@NinaMcFLY Oh poor u  We have holidays now, lucky us. But it's not fair..I mean whole Germany should have holidays now 
@NinaMcFLY Oh, really ? That's really cool !  My friend has sent something like 30 tweets to him and he never replied to her 
@ninaneverknew: I knooow.  but tsk. im so feeling the urge to move out! Huhu. 
@NinaPA Thx, lass!  Was just lamenting my crappy immune system. I get sick and 3 othr things attack me, too. 
@NinaRicky       what happened? heartyouneener
@ninarosales Oh my  what type of designing did you used to do?
@NinaRose_HD I GUESS WE WILL B DOIN CREATIVE STUFF IF WE DONT FIND ANOTHER FAVOR 
@ninarose04 We are using training pads, but it's still not working too well. 
@NINASKY that sounds fun wish I was there 
@NINASKY That's nothing. I live near a firestation, within 750 feet of busy interstate, and stupid train horns from all over the place. 
@NinaSoSarafina I'm sorry! I know i need to be on top of it 
@ninatron  WHY DID YOU DELETE YOUR LJ?!
@NineBlackAlps Yeah I was looking all day yesterday for it. 
@NINEJAY the will farrell one is on tonight?  i think I missed the whole thing   I can always look on demand i suppose. . .
@nineonefour i hope it feels better soon.  and that sucks. 
@Ninepinkbears please don't tell me that, I live on top of a moutain and in the forest, so u  know they're not here 
@NINfreak7 i called a few times yesterday   now i cant find my cell it might be out in the car.
@ninghil Why?  i mean, what's with the song? Demet.
@ningirl1 I someone's retweet of that. Very weird how sometimes his tweets don't show up on the deck but now they are nowhere for me  
@ningningning Do you have to use excel?? That sucks!!! Excel is so damn unintuitive! 
@NiniLouise It was Sally Hansen...hehe. I usually wear OPI, however, I couldn't find the color that I wanted  I'll look into China Glaze.
@ninimarini weehee... can't wait to get home though... food  u lookin gooood in em pictures i see on FB... i see the workaholic diet works
@ninirific @LOST_WFTB @junkiecat Kathy has brought my headache back on.  I gotta sleep. Night, night!!
@ninirific Maybe something is wrong with Twitter 
@ninirific Yeah  He's given an all around virtual slap *cries*
@ninja_says do it! I had one but forgot to renew it in dec and someone else bought it 
@ninja_says ohhhh ouch!!!  Wow... I don't know if I want to stay and listen to this anymore..... 
@ninjaavie89 Aye I'm glad I don't have 4 of them ;) Gah, he's been going awol for a while now but tonight it all blew up 
@ninjaavie89 i know! i wish he would realise that.  ...the only one i like out of them is taylor ...apart from the fact that she made a...
@ninjaavie89 that's goood that someones in the same situation, haha...boohoo, really wanna meet them 
@ninjaboi I wish I could. He's adorable but we're not allowed any more pets. 
@ninjadoodles looked up the prices of the all-leather briefcases, they're upwards of $8500 
@ninjadza I was only updating a petting list to a group i belong to.... 
@NinjaFanpire didn't notice 
@NinjaFanpire That you performed that song with him TWICE. Is it the right person I'm thinking of? :laughs: Sorry, it's almost 4am. 
@NinjaFrog5 GRRRRRRRRRr!  It's pissing me off 
@NiNJAHATE man I wish I could go back to school but they transferred me to elk grove s I have no time  back in stockton?? Bummer! Lol
@ninjajordyn I am still very behind on #lolsi 
@NinjaKevinNinja seriously!!! Where the hell is he 
@NINJAKI eeee i didnt know  piou piou
@ninjamoeba  Hope you'd get the main contents of your bag back!
@ninjamoeba I'm going to look into that. I don't care about the game scores, just the guitar riffs I'd recorded… I want them back! 
@ninjamoeba sorry to hear that  I had my wallet stolen in the Morley Galleria Target once. That event turned me into a epic snob.
@ninjamoeba what happened? 
@ninjang facepalm  hope the interview is a choice and not a forced thing...
@NinjaSarah hahaha yeah I'm sorry I didn't stay..  Did you get my text?
@ninjASDarkness I know 
@NinjaVal I miss you too bby 
@ninjen Maybe he is practicing for a funeral... 
@ninjew it is! Except this place  you gonna be at freq nasty tomorrow?
@ninoz The lag is terrible.    #140conf
@ninpolite @HeyAlexandra He wasn't supposed to kill Little Bill 
@NintendoWiiAlot I like the new Nick Chase game http://tinyurl.com/auxmk2 - hell, no time to play today 
@ninvampire google that shit. the mullet and moustache is gone.. 
@ninzja HAHAHA awww and you wish you took that recess time off to have gotten to know more of your batchmates but now it's too late  HAHA!
@niqa86 I miss you too, Mojokins! I go there, but not long enough to comment  Will do more this weekend!
Off the the Kbenshs in my work clothes. 
Off the The March Of Dimes!   Sorry Gay Pride 
Off this weekend! Selma reenactment tomorrow, it's supposed to rain  figures
Off to a church potluck...  Wud rather be in bed snuggling my michael kitty!  i hate church potlucks.
Off to a day of demos of spring home maint tips then...vacation in the black hills of SD.! May not take the bikes  looks like rain
off to a lonely and cold bed 
Off to a meeting...rather be outside enjoying the sunshine 
Off to a really long day at uni! Plus getting tortured by having to look at pics from a scotland trip I couldn't attend 
off to a slow boring day of school 
Off to a slower start today...did my 8am Meeting and now just finished my workout...about to grab breakfast &amp; work on Admin. No RED BULLS 
off to AK tomorrow for 2 days - this will be the first night I have spent away from home since Conor was born 
Off to altrincham to check out the area. Can't be arsed - stupid house buying 
Off to another day at work  oh so fun
Off to another day of lunatics @ the asylum. What joy. And I forgot my tranq gun  http://myloc.me/2mc1
off to another exciting day at work.  i hate my job! fml: off to another exciting day at work.  i hate my jo.. http://tinyurl.com/qka9cv
off to austin I go! If the hotel has no internet, then no twitter/anything else all weekend 
off to babysit soon! ... wishin i was going to the dance 
off to barboursville, va for a memorial service 
Off to Beccys LAST UKYPAG Meeting  *sob*
Off to bed  Analysis brain is already asleep. I feel like a bad hubby for not taking the dog out &amp; barely seeing @eeebyeck
off to bed - another long workday tomorrow and it'll be the first day without my cool coworker 
off to bed - early rise 
off to bed at 9.20pm on a SATURDAY... how sad am I ??  Night Folks
off to bed chulos not pickin up mad at babe  GRRRRR...
Off to bed early feeling like poop. Long day at work and still have my headache and fever 
Off to bed for a 7am start 
Off to bed fucking knackered  i need sleep 
Off to bed my lil sis is graduating from highschool tomorrow mornin  She grew up so fast!!! Nite ya'll ttyl
off to bed my. Had an AMAZING 12 and a half hour day with @sastubblefield. Working 7am to 5pm.  blah..
Off to bed now feeling alittle better, but probably not going to be able to go to work (sorry Sarah) 
Off to bed now in a sad mood ciao twitter 
off to bed now- watch spnl on my ipod...feel sick again &gt;  oh well, its ITB, so alot of cas for me- make me feel better cas! *sob* 
off to bed now, yay sleep in the next two days, although I don't wanna speak too soon 
off to bed now.. science studying tomorrow     *tear*
Off to bed now.. Up at 7 for work tomorow   Jailbreak for windows better be out soon  i cant wait any longer!!  Night Night Twittaz 
off to bed now... hope every one had a great mothers day!! off to work tomorrow  so dont wana go....
Off to bed soon, just need to wash dishes  then up early to get the kids off to school...where did the weekend go?
off to bed twitter world, 7.00am start tomorrow 
off to bed upset after a long night !  @ My Place http://loopt.us/x4L68g.t
off to bed wakeing up ealier not tired but gota be ready for school 
Off to bed with me 
off to bed with my sore nipples 
Off to bed wondering where to go and what to do with my life 
off to bed, dunno why.. but ur silence is kinda depressing.. 
off to bed, early, skewl tomorrow 
off to bed, has a maaasivee weekend of work 
Off to bed, not feeling good at all 
Off to bed, otherwise I'll never be able to get up tomorrow morning. Mondays are the hardest! 
off to bed, school in the morning as well as a hepatitis shot 
off to bed, soooo tired. homework tomorrow 
Off to bed, work tomorrow of course  but I'm glad I got to see Erynn today!!
off to bed. and i'm going on holiday for three weeks 2morrow. dunno if i'll have internet  bye babes! @peoplefight text me, i'll need it!
Off to bed. Big learning day tom! So not looking fwd 
Off to bed. Class at 8 tomorrow and group project right after  Is Spencer Pratt seriously &quot;answering&quot; phone calls? Wowww.
Off to bed. Driving lesson at 10 but have to get up at half 8 to wash the wig. Regret not doing it before, grrrrr. 
off to bed. feeling depressed   hate that feeling
Off to bed. Hope I don't dream of KAT dyeing  Nighty Night :3 &lt;3
off to bed. i feel a bit weird about someone, i don't know what it is  make it stop! goodnight x
Off to bed. My weekend is over and the early mornings begin again 
off to bed. Studying tomorrow  btw- i'm going to live in the boarding school that the guy from cohav nolad lives in!  moving moment I know
off to bed. super tired 
Off to bed. Work tomorrow yey  Totally lost my rag in ju jitsu. Some kiss ass hoping Sensai was watching and just being a prick!
off to bed.. missing my other half 
Off to bed... Wishing I was in NYC with my hilarians  http://myloc.me/2SEQ
Off to bed....2 salon appointments, them mom and dad's haircuts, then I am off to say goodbye to gram and gramps lakehouse.  Sad Day
off to bed...i only had 2 hours of sleep and had to open and gotta open again tomorrow   Nighty night!
Off to bed...Monday will come way too early for me. 
Off to bed...work at 12  but gotta wake up at 10:30 ...I'm takin L's left and right.
Off to bed..not feeling ok..tho i had my anti flu shot today.. 
off to bed~ still confuse... wuts gone into me..pening  hmmmmph. it'll go off soon i guess
off to beddd .. work in a few hrss .. here we go again lols 
off to blowing the flutes today, again. Rehearsal all day. I don`t wanna!!! But I have to blame myself, I said yes to it 
Off to buy &quot;Lines, Vines, and Trying Times&quot;!! And milk. We're out of milk. I'm almost sad for the disruption of my music cycle.  Hmm
Off to buy bleach, Lysol, Simple Green and get towels from home just in case the major leaking starts again. Wish I was at the drive-in. 
off to buy me some theraflu- or something like it. or just keel me now. 
Off to buy medicine for my soar throat! 
Off to buy new shoes.....unfortunately they are for my son and not me!   LOL
Off to buy rats with Matt and his brother. In my own bed tonight 
Off to Cedar Point today!  Taking 30 of my FCCLA students.  We are going to be rained on...    
off to Cha Cha!..this should be interesting as i missed last week's lesson cos of the flu   #fb
Off to check out this breitling at CJCJ! And then mani/pedi?? Ugh I need one ..they got ruined cleaning!! 
Off to chemistry exam in a bit. 2 papers, 3 hours. G.dmtjmgt.jdpg I hope I'll do well 
Off to Chicago. The Musical, not the city 
Off to china in the morning... I miss home already. 
Off to church! Last week for our friend John... 
off to church, alooone.. huhu 
Off to church, i will see the world at three  there goes my day UGH
Off to cinema with youngest daughter. Hate going to the cinema 
Off to class 
off to class I go... hopefully it won't pour too hard on my way there. 
Off to clean my room in a while  bad times....then onto the revision 
Off to coach bball! maybe for the my last game in a long time.. 
Off to college in a bit less than an hour  Work still not finished. Senses Fail tonight though. (Y)
off to college now, urgh  i hope i can come back home early, at least.
off to college, but a bit worried today... have to go to the dentist this afternoon 
off to college, keeping strong 
Off to cook some smth. edible 14-03!!! I can't even call it brunch 
off to crystal peaks with mummy bonsall. I wanna go to the next waxon in newcastle   
off to dinner for my pop's b-day... now the long drive to summerlin... 
Off to do my employment exam 
Off to do my school concert for Mr Raw. I'll miss him  We're singing Lion King, Pretty a-mazing.
Off to do some healthy food shopping and to donate my unhealthy good tasting food to someone who can use it (Tears in eyes) 
Off to do some work. 
Off to do the usual Saturday errand running. 
Off to doc to find put what's up With cassius' fevers. 
Off to donate platelettes at united blood services. Whish I didn't have to go this early but it's a 2 to 3 hour process... Kinda lame 
Off to drive my parents to some meeting point so they can go on their way to the Mayo Clinic... Good luck, dad 
Off to drive now.. shall miss you Twitter 
Off to DUB to head to STN, forgot about online check in time limits and gonna have to pay €40 
off to eat now, pics of the 'squad car' to put up later.. turned my Data Roaming off on my iphone, so no mobile Tweets/pics for now 
off to equestrian shop with wife and daughter, payback for all the times i drag them in to bike shops   
off to face my exam now 
off to fetch my boy from his afternoon at the football... not a good day for 4 hours in the car 
off to find food. AND IT'S BOILING... I will cry if it's like this for my exams... I can't concentrate in the hot weather. 
Off to finish New Moon...boys in books are better than real ones...even the vampires 
Off to Fredericton, NB to flyer houses. This is my dream job  Must get Univera off the ground!
off to get a new bag in a bit, school tomorrow  x
Off to get Bailey's tongue clipped 
Off to get my ankle joint injected 
off to get my hair done! text me if you'd like! I'd be really happy actually. I'll be inthe chair for like 6 hours at least 
Off to get my hair done, still feeling poorly.. 
off to get ready for english exam and then catch a lift to go sit for it  pray for me!! i seriously need all the help i can get. xx
Off to get ready for toms..  gotta go make sure he's not done anything stupid  ill tweet later.
Off to get some Brain Food.. or just food that may help my brain work... Then back to my notes 
Off to give my company car back... and more! I really hate all this paperwork that has to be done 
off to go and work sucks 
off to go lay down with an ice pack on my knee.  no running for me tonight..  
Off to go study for my math final 
Off to go to school  i thought I would stay home, but I,ll not...
Off to Grandmas house. Yay! 
Off to gym 
Off to gym to work on my butt and arms and thighs--&quot; it gets bigger and bigger since the holiday started. It really paid off! 
off to gym! 
off to have a shower and get everything ready for school tomorrow eurgh i feel like i cant be asked to do anything right now 
off to help some old colleagues (they are young, it's just been a while) with their studio production. early mornings=  , studprods=yay ;)
Off to High School!  Good morning everyone! 
Off to Home Depot and Sams with Dre, Autumn has to work...  
Off to hong kong-Again! Goodbye guys 
Off to horror party before zombie disco. Hope we have enough time to set the place up. *Also feeling bad for folks in Iran. Jesus. 
Off to hospital to get his fingers looked at. They still look deformed to me 
off to huddstock in the rain  
Off to hull today. Its work though. On a Sunday. At 8am. 
Off to Idar-Oberstein now doing summer school preparation - weather in Germany supposed to be sh*t 
off to inventory now 
Off to Jitsu. Hope its an easy session... Love Jitsu, not so keen on the leopard skin afterwards 
off to Jury Duty on such a beautiful morning 
off to KFC in half an hour 
Off to KL tomorrow - not looking forward to the 5am start 
Off to landscape the house....in the rain 
off to leesburg tomorrow to see the in-laws...fun,fun,fun. 
Off to Limerick today!! Can't wait!! But it does mean I probs won't be tweeting for the next..4ish days  See ye Saturday 
Off to London for a meeting with @eesdeltasurvey disaster has struck - not even rubbish coffee to be found 
Off to London today 
Off to Lowell, whose coming with me?? That's what I thought, I'm going solo 
off to make dinner - still lost about fathers day gift for hubby!!!!!!! 
Off to meeting in Lincoln Square, bummer, no more free parking 
Off to Milton Keynes tomorrow afternoon to prepare for Steve's nan's funeral on Wednesday. 
off to mow the bloody lawn 
off to mow the lawn, YEA 
Off to my 2nd exam 
Off to my bed. I'm extremely knackered for some reason. Up at 5 to get ready for my work 
off to my BFF's house, haven't seen her in 4 weeks 
Off to my family all day, saying goodbye 
Off to my great job ... I don't really have a life, I spend most of my time, working .. from 8 am to 6:30 pm .. some time, till 10 pm 
Off to my last dance competion of the season, awwww 
Off to my lil sisters  graduation...they grow up so quick 
Off to my little cousin's Christening, beautiful weather for it. Palacious reported out for the season grieving for his brother abroad 
Off to my P.E. classes...fell on my wrist yesterday, gah stupid me! I´ll be useless with only one properly functioning hand today! OUCH! 
Off to my wifes nieces 16th birthday bash, not drinking tho, on driving duties 
off to Niagara Falls to attend &quot;In memory of Tori Stafford Day&quot; ... 
Off to Nutritionist appointment. Hoping she'll be able to sort me out  
Off to Orlando.  I wish I had time to see Mickey and Minnie!  
off to our last time at our church!!! 
Off to Palatka to Dr. Chapman! Ugh...can't believe I'm 21 and have braces...again! 
Off to partyyy thank god its saturdayy! ( Wish I was with manuko and gui though  )
Off to pasadena to @jeegunkim goin away party..  then to opera in hollywood!
Off to physical therapy 
Off to pick wallpaper for our hall, stairs and landing. This may become quite expensive  x
Off to play some 80's rock woot. Minus the woot. 
Off to play Tennis at Bel Air, courts are wet  but, we will play anyway.
Off to psych, wont have service 
Off to Queenstown for a conference. Unfortunately no time for play 
Off to read and maybe watch Sonata epi of Moonlight...I miss that show 
Off to Red Canoe for lunch...wishing they had the yam and apple soup but that's only for winter 
Off to return some screenplays I borrowed. Wish I didn't have to journey out in this rain 
off to revise again now 
off to run errands in the rain 
off to Sacto to take babies to kennel 
Off to Salisbury for a look about and the sun decides to go in 
Off to school   I think today might be a very awkward day. Toodles twitter
off to school  I didnt sleep at all! im so exhausted!
Off to school  Yay.
Off to school :/ Man that sucks ass conpletley   Fun fun fun  And English exam tommorrow 
Off to school for exams 
off to school for my last exam of high school! summer is here baby, although you cant tell by the weather 
off to school french final 2day 
Off to school in a min 
off to school in a mo... woo... double food tech, double french, english geography, double athletics    woopy for mee!  xx ly xx
Off to school no new divide 
off to school now 
Off to school soon!!!  So bye, my friends will be here soon!
Off to school!  I hate PE!!!!!! http://tinyurl.com/lb3plp
off to school!! this is the last day our group is gonna be all together!!      i still dont think reality has truly kicked in yet!
off to school, getting a needle today, not cool!  I'm going to go eat coco pops and listen to @mileycyrus !
Off to school, my cap and gown looks funny on me ! Cap is too small too. 
off to school, sad to say in 20 days i can't say: I'm off to school!!   
off to school.  with no email... how stupid.
off to school. another day of exams 
off to school. double tech today  ima fail! haha. xx
off to school. I miss @addiemanzano and @milliemagsaysay!  Tweet later tweople.
Off to school. My last actual day of the term! Then finals 
off to school. wish i could see tweets from my phone. oh well. 
off to schooll and its shit weather  hope this day goes fast
off to see angels and demons today ... early hope its good will tweet how it is when i get back.... to bad i cant do it on my phone 
Off to see Angels and Demons, then dinner with friends.. So much for hanging out in the nice Summer weather in Chicago. Cloudy and 60s 
Off to see Coraline  at a Cineworld   hey ho, once you're inside it's less horrible.
Off to see Jane's Addiction and Nine Inch Nails!!  I've been waiting a long time for this... I really hope this isn't Trent's last tour 
off to see my girls, last time for 5 days 
Off to see my sis graduate but first I must pack an write a paper. 
Off to see the doc, fingers crossed he can stop all the pain and the cold shivers 
off to see the getaway plan tonight...one of the last gigs EVER 
off to see the Room and Rocky at Chandler Cinemas for the last time 
off to see whats wrong with her car...  sad about that and sad about not being able to hit up nash in a few weeks to see @philstacey
Off to Shintos today, Yeeeee!!!  LOL   Texas de brazil was booked 
off to shops in pouring rain 
Off to Singapore this evening. Bye bye, Bangkok 
off to siofok for a week. see ya on saturday!  
off to sleep, a long day waits for me 
off to sleep. today wasn't all a great day. but i hope it can all be forgotten.  good night,&amp; sweet dreams.
off to sleep.. bloddy #vodafone GPRS not working. why do the lie at callcenters 
Off to some biking. 9th avenue, here I come. 110km biker. God, I need more speed 
Off to spend money again  Damn kids do nowt but eat! Swimming later though, I wonder what I will lose there this time, hopefully the kids!
off to starbucks then straight to the LIBRARY! 
off to study physics ... ew 
Off to suffolk today however a big surprise will happen to my boyfreind and not sure he will like it or his sister but I had no choice! 
Off to Sydney next week for work, spent the last 7 hrs trying to convince my boss that there is enough to do to stay overnight... FAIL 
Off to take a math quiz...on a friday....booo 
off to take a shower and revise for exams tomorrow 
OFF TO TAKE THE CHEM REGENTS. WISH ME LUCKKK, I NEED IT 
off to teaching woot 
off to Tesco, unexpected day off as childminders husband had a stroke  Also my great uncle has died. Not a great day.
Off to the airport to drop off wife. 
Off to the airport!  Dallas here I come!
off to the apple store 
Off to the Apple. Need a drink. Getting fed up with revision. 
Off to the Audubon Center and Sanctuary...walkin' the trails.  Feel better Ashton Kutcher.  
Reply from Blizzard thanking me for taking an active role in helping them stop these scams. WOOT! where's my pet murloc? 
Report cards tomorrow, I wish I had another day off! 
Report from Mom: Mall of America is actually not that exciting 
Report from NW count: Greens 5,000 behind in final tally   
Report still not finished.  This is not ending soon 
Reporting from CEOP online moderators conference:  69% of children in child abuse images are under 10 years old  
Reporting live from my room.. It's a mess.. 
Reports coming in that last night's Kraftwerk gig was not amazing.  Techinical hitches and bad venue.
Reposting my 1v100 semi-domination before bed: http://tinyurl.com/nedj25  So much fun!  Upset I'll be missing this Saturday! 
Represent my boss on  ɑ  very important meeting 
Reproduction gave me a headache 
requested providers tab implemented in BrightLogix..with some issues 
Reread this gay-love story that I wrote back in HS for some BS contest and I'm quite impressed. I wish i could still write like that 
Re-reading study notes for this stupid E-Business exam tomorrow morning. It's going to be lame I can tell  
re-re-re-installing a second partition with XP  
rerun... They better hire me on this week; else i'm getting a title loan and/or selling everything on ebay... Toothache is the Worst! 
rescue pugs on petfinder are always in such sad shape!! 
Rescued a baby jack rabbit, nursed it back to health, now taking it to a conservation site  I'm gonna miss you Shakespeare
Oh my aching head.  Self induced illness, I blame on my boss. I think I'm gonna have to call in sick on Monday.
Oh my b-day would be so AWKWARD!! 
Oh my bob I am so freaking tired. I want to go home so I can go night-night 
Oh my buenos noches ppl California dont cook today! eat cold haha cuz its gonna get hot!  maybe Arnie oughta hold an ballot to see if he
Oh my computer ain't working 
Oh my days, the guy next to me on the bus has the worst bo, I'm gonna be sick 
oh my ear....! 
Oh my eff. It smells like fish. I don't do fish. Or any seafood for that matter.  *Throws up.*
Oh my ex / room mate is moving out today 
oh my freakin goodness 
Oh my fucking god my stomach is growling 
Oh my god - it really is looking sticky now. 3 mins left and the raiders just scored again and are 19 to 5 up ..................... 
Oh My God ..  sad day ..
Oh my god a mosquito bit me on my jaw liiiiine urrrggghhhh it itches so bad  its giving me shivers to fight the urge to scratch it.
Oh my god- Georgia Theater is on fire.   http://tinyurl.com/gatheaterfire
Oh my god headache. 
Oh my god I am going to cry so bad at this film I can completely see the ending already... noooooo Joaquin!!   
oh my god i am soooo bored .. 
Oh my god I can't find it anywhere!!! I had pictures on it of my old cat I don't have any other pictures of her  ffs where is it????
Oh my god I didnt know death could happen so unexpectedly I was just talking to him  Poor kid. RIP Austin White, I hope you have
oh my god i have two tests next week 
OH MY GOD I JUST CAN'T STAND THE PAIN OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I'm drining lemon juice I wish it will help 
oh my god i just chipped my front tooth 
Oh my god I just noticed I Rendered only half of the tutorial 
oh my GOD i want to see @stephenjerzak on tour SO BAD! fml i'm gonna be in puerto rico for vacation all the dates he is coming close  
oh my god i'm so wierd..  I shouldn't be alowed to post on here.  I'm having a bad hair day  Show me your bad... http://tinyurl.com/nzju3t
Oh my god im workin the worst job in the world tomorrow, 12-9  i might actually cry from tiredness and ...dreadness??
oh my god internet explorer 6 and 7 i just don't understand you guys 
Oh my God it's cold! 
@Nique_Famous  THE best rap group ever. You more of an R&amp;B girl ?
@Nique_Famous doh!  I made pics &amp; everything 
@niqueyalston lol uh because its a long ride and im bored wit nothin better else to do... An normal ppl sleepin at this time so im sol 
@niqui it totally crossed my mind, but just not enough time...booo 
@niqui sometimes @adobeupdater gets rid of it 
@niqui yes, i have a cool spotify list. it's called, &quot;Your current country does not match that set in your profile&quot; 
@niraarora I do not agree with the winner of ANTM!!! I wanted Alison to win so bad!! 
@Nirjhor i never used lindows 
@nisaho Haha. I'm kinda over facebook. Sad right. 
@NischalShetty how long do you plan to be green? I'm already bored 
@nise954 I didn't do nothing last night I fell asleep.. I'm such an old women.. Lol 
@NiseMonet why couldn't you say next weekend? i'm at work like shit  @gwapanese lol i love madea.
@nish212 OMG have an amazing time in NY! I'm soooooo not jealous you jammy biatch 
@nish7x I do love pokemon I played emerald till battle frontier but unfortunately lost the save file...Download platinum but no time 
off to the bank. then a fun full day with my mom  oh yay...
Off to the Barrel.... 
Off to the beach...i wish i knew what happened to @uncanny390 I think he might have died 
Off to the curve for some food, need to get a pair of new sunglasses as somebody sat on mine 
Off to the day job today...didn't sleep worth a darn last night...have a feeling it will be a long day 
off to the dentist, root canal time 
off to the dentists now 
off to the doc for another b12 shot 
Off to the doc...feeling absolutely awful...need meds...pretty sure moved to infection...yuck!  
off to the docs soon for more antibiotics...aaaaah the joys of a full blown kidney infection 
Off to the doctor! I did something to my knee...bad part is I don't know how. My knee is the size of a volleyball and really hurts.  
off to the doctors 
off to the doctors for pre-admission testing. pretty excited except for more blood work 
off to the doctors soon, sick with something &amp; lsot my voice 
off to the dr...hope they tell my ankle is ok...  
off to the drs its too early 
Off to the Edison again. I left my CC there last night 
off to the Emergency Vet with KGBS cat Mister Jude. 
OH MY GOD it's only half 9  urghhh
Oh my God its so hot outside!!!! And i am doing math homework inside  I wish i was done school already.
oh my god just gave my hamster a bath! i feel like such a cruel person  he looks funny lolz!!
Oh my god my hangover has well and truly kicked in! I had to stop in 2 layby's to be sick on the way home and i have to go work at 1pm!! 
oh my god that was sad. 
oh my GOD the bogans on the bus today. I really wanted to punch them in the face. Feel sorry for the poor bus driver, he got most of it 
oh my God the rain never stops..  i aht rainy days... huhuhuhu..
Oh my god the weather sucks. It's rainy and quite cold outside. 
Oh my god there is NOTHING on tv!! I'm so bored I've been watching tv practically all day  god my life's so sad!!!
OH MY GOD TWITTER WAS DOWN AND I THOUGHT THE APOCOLYPSE WAS COMING... 
Oh my god wat a day!! Hospital is crazy and my patients are busy !!! No time for anything 
OH MY GOD! &lt;.&lt; i hate you for sending me this...must keep reading 
OH MY GOD! I can't smell yo. I waaaaant to smell. I liiiiiike smells. 
Oh my god! In the middle yet AGAIN!!! 
oh my god! phone is seriously dead.  had to pay 50 bucks for insurance deductible. ugh
oh my god!! that was chevasia again. i'm about to change the password to our twitter ! that's what i get for sharing a twitter with 5 ppl 
Oh my god, Apple, why can't we tap the screen to take a picture with the iPhone camera yet?! 
Oh my god, do not know what i want to study. Im too young to be deciding my future! 
Oh my god, every episode about Gibbs' family is super depressing   
oh my god, gargling with hydrogen peroxide makes me want to puke. I am really *really* ready to be done with this throat infection. 
oh my god, i am so exhausted. we're busy as fuck today. and i miss my fiance 
Oh my god, I can neither breathe through my nose or mouth 
Oh my god, I really wish I hadn't eaten... I feel ill now. 
Off to the grocery store with me... my last dish sponge just disentegrated in my hands.  
off to the gym 
off to the gym for some me time...then the dreaded study time 
off to the gym to get my butt kicked..... Slackers are punished by trainer... 
Off to the gym today I think, then round to a friends to watch the Hatton fight...due to start at 4am 
off to the gym, got work tonight 
Off to the gym.  I'm embarrassed to say how long its been.  Let's just say it was before I went on vaca 
off to the gym. I need a workout buddy lol 
off to the hospital :S some jaw breaking is about to happen! 
Off to the hospital.  
Off to the last class with Alexis for... ever, actually.  She's been an awesome tutor/lecturer. I hope other people come and show respect!
Research is ONE click away, but from Twitter tho. 
Research paper done! Finally  I just want finals to be over so I can know my grades 
research paper, mmmm can't wait. APA format, so MUCH fun. 4-5 pages... here goes my sunday afternoon. 
research paper...due tonight. what kind of a friday is this? boo! 
researching about thales.. ugh.. so many assignment plus the pressure from cheering... 
Researching for Tahlia's assignment  I'm sure I finished school years ago...
resent press release...waiting for the fallout 
resigned to failure 
resistance is futile 
resisting playing rock band on psp after i nagged josh about it this morning; he left it at home with me and i'm supposed to be writing. 
Resited the urge to goin in the Bacon Buttie run this morn - virtuous but boring as hell 
Resits in spetember... here i come  *bad mood ON*
resorted to eating Mickey Ds ALONE. 
Resorted to Horse Liniment in an attempt to make my neck feel better last night. Where was the HANS back in the day? 
Resourcing 
Responsibility won.  No yard sales for this xeph  
rest day, school again tomorrow. it's rainy outside. wanna go to the mall. 
rest easy &lt;3 you both will be missed. 
Rest in Peace Crystal Crawford. . .thanks for the prayers but she was called to be home with the Lord.  another friend. . .gone. 
Rest In Peace Daddy ! Happy Fathers Day 
rest in peace duke nukem forever  #dnf
Rest In Peace Ed McMahon, You'll be missed my millions 
Rest in peace Farrah  What a sad day
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcet.  
rest in peace farrah fawcett  you will honestly never be forgotten
Oh my god, it was Courtney Cox's birthday on Monday. I feel like a bad friends fan  haha.
OH MY GOD, just saw the New Moon trailer and I think it SUCKS. ....  So disappointed! 
Oh my god, my bed was SO comfortable this morning &lt;3. But I have to do laundry 
oh my god, tweeting from my bed, far too lazy, never stayng up till half four again, never. God really should study now 
Oh my god, why can't I fall asleep? I want to! But I can't  I'm going to be soo tired tomorrow.
oh my god. I have to confess that I'm adiccted to cosmetics. 
oh my god. i just finished doing laundry and my back hurts like hell. 
OH MY GOD. I went through to the kitchen and someone was looking through the window looking for my mom! I ALMOST SHAT MYSELF!!!!!!! 
Oh my god. I'm so scared. I think I'm going to die tonight...    lol... apparently i'm a lost soul swimming in a fish bowl.
OH MY GOD. Lady GaGa ROCKED the fuck outta the MMVA'S. PLEASE come back to london and play the O2 arena, i'm BEGGING YOU 
Oh my god. M&amp;S' new cupcakes will be the death of me. but, HELL, they are so sickly sweet. i don't even have a sweet tooth 
OH MY GOD. my stupid mac erased all my buddys off my buddy list!!!!!!!!! UGHHH. now i have to get everyones sn again. greaaat. ugh. 
Oh my god. R.I.P. Paul Kevin fish. You were the best fish ever. 
oh my god. T.T Slipknot are at Rock am Ring. they're lookin like from out of a horror film. 
OH MY GOD. There's Wii in my 360. Even the promo video looks like a Wii-advertisement. They can't be f'ing serious.  #e3
Oh my God. This girl I just had a meeting with was so fit!! Blonde. Big boobs. Awesome. Sadly has 2 kids though.  boo.
Oh my god... both kids up for the day at 6.45am... that's wayyyyy too early for a Saturday 
Oh my god... My grand mother past away last night  Love you Mamie...
Oh my God...... A friend of my mom was in that airplane ...  
oh my god...twitter is actually now above facebook on my links...it will NEVER go above bebo...will it? 
oh my godddd what an awful day! 
Oh my golly gosh this is Carlton from the Fresh Prince of Bel Air http://www.wimp.com/coolkid Tried to call to get the book but no answer 
oh my good. I have to confess that I'm adiccted to cosmetics. 
Oh my goodness 3 days couldn't come fast enough.. but we aren't ready 
oh my goodness me. just pulled one of the little belt hoops off my jeans  darn it!
Oh my goodness Oh my goodness... Stress filled next three weeks 
oh my goodness today is a perfect day. really wish I could go ride 
OH MY GOODNESS!  my follow up items went from 7 to 17 in a matter of a few hours 
Off to the park to run the kids ragged. Hoping the pain killers go the distance 
Off to the park with the kids. Last day of their holiday.   
Off to the porn store. I forgot to put Dave in my iPod.  Fail.
Off to the pub soon.. so tired today. Accidentally went shopping. I'm going to look like one of those nufags now  Damn Jenny..
Off to the shelters around me to look for her.  I hope she is okay, so afraid that she is going to get hit by a car. Can't stop crying 
Off To The Showers Getting Ready For Work....Bummer 
Off to the sprint store to see if they can figure out y my camera doesn't work 
off to the store to get dad his present! i feel bad though since I didn't get mom anything, since i had about $5 to my name in May... 
off to the summer ball dressed as a Greek goddess tonight, then back home tomorrow  I don't want summer in Bournemouth to be over!!!
off to the supermarket for slow shopping... the cabinets are bare and i don't have anyone to do the running for me... 
Off to the vet with little Molly 
off to the wacky world of Walmart,AGAIN 
Off to this good o j-o-b. Fun 
Off to Toga for some bike maintenance.  Shredded tire 
off to traiiiiiiining 
Off to trial in august... 
Off to trivia night. @xnicolo not the same without u 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett.  so sad.
Rest in peace farrah. 
Rest in Peace Jack Kemp 
rest in peace long hair 
rest in peace mama Cleal 
Rest in peace my grandpa, hem my-other-grandpa hm hhhhhh im still sleepy 
Rest in peace poor Mr. Tiller.  May you find peace and love in the summerlands and in the next life
Rest in peace, farrah fawcet 
Rest in peace, Farrah.. 
Rest in peace, Helen. You were a lovely lady. 
Rest stop. Bojangles! Rain  Currently playing: &quot;I'd do Anything for Love (But I Wont Do That)&quot; by Meat Loaf.  http://twitpic.com/7m7mf
restart. 
re-starting one of my web projects from scratch after it got deleted 
RESTAURANT CITY IS NOT WORKING FOR MEEEEE  WHYYYYYYYY
Restaurant spilled food all over my jacket 
Restin my arm....i have tendonitis 
restin ny bk as had a bad weekend 
Resting from a busy weekend.  Tommorow, up again @ 6 o'clock. 
resting my eyes have been working on computer since 7am 
Resting My Sprained Ankle  I rolled It Yesterday At Netball
Resting. I have classes tomorrow.  AGAIN.
Resting..have to go into work tonight at 12a.m.really sucks. Blows my whole weekend..couldnt get anyone to work.. excuse me while I pout 
restless and bored  seems like everyone's got something going on tonight except me
restless and bored and the dishes are done now too 
Restless as all get up today. I don't know what my issue is 
restless mind+constant coughing = insomnia 
restless.  I actually miss doing reactions 
Restless. Night. Ugh. 
Oh my goodness!!!! Cute shoes!!!!!! Sigh there goes my bank balance 
oh my goodness, I sucked up the Internet, now it's really slow.  arrgghh y? y?
oh my goodness, oww. 
Oh my goodness.  Apparently the Hannah Montana season 4 will be the last one... 
Oh my goodness...four years ago tomorrow   Has it really been that long?
OH MY GOSH I JUST DO NOT GET IT. 
Oh my gosh this is SO sad 
Oh my gosh u guys, i just broke my glasses 
oh my gosh!  cant believe  it's barely 7!    today is going by SO slooooooow!!!!!  
Oh my gosh! Can't believe the traffic heading in the airport   direction! 
OH MY GOSH! I can't sleep at all. and I need to be up in 3 and a half hours! 
Oh my gosh! I just got a call from the bride. Their wedding I was shooting next weekend is off! I'm so sad for them 
Oh my gosh! I watched E.T. today too! And I think the racoon was trying to eat his face 
Oh my gosh! I'm so tired...I don't know if I'm going to make it 
Oh my gosh! My house almost start to fire  thanks god the help was so fast
oh my gosh, 1027 people viewed our latest blog entry BUT why nobody comment?  We're like talking to ourselves HAHA SHOW US SOME LOVING! ;)
Oh my gosh, I am in love with this yellow shirt and there are no smalls, only fat people sizes... 
Oh my gosh, it's 100 degrees in the shade! We don't have our air conditioners in either  it's hot!
OH MY GOSH, will he just let me be, please 
Oh My Gosh,my cousin Allen brought to the hospitalI want to see him 
Oh my gosh.  Paper is so evil!!  How do paper cuts hurt so much? 
Oh my gosh. I am so good at making people hate me 
Off to UM for a workshop. Gps not working again 
Off to uni for 2pm exam. Fun fun fun!! 
Off to vball camp! Omg! My stomach hurts! 
off to violin  last day of thai school 
off to visit my little country town today, which the weather was nicer for the trip 
Off to walmart  god I hate that place!!
Off to walnut creek for GSSL soccer meeting 
Off to watch a student play... back at 9:30. No phone to tweet from. 
off to watch tsharra get a tat!!..... And be very jealous because I cannot get one 
Off to water the garden, then I have to get to work   One thing about working for myself, the boss is such a bitch when I'm late!
Off to windtraining tonight  was looking forward to doing my session outside but it's pretty bleugh! But at least it will be warm inside!
off to wine tasting. gotta miss the rest of the game 
Off to Woodstock city council at 7-- no WiFI there, so I can't tweet... 
Off to work 
Off to work   ahhhh, such is life for the poor &amp; unknown... was thinking earlier how much loot that Miley Cyrus has at age 15 ...
Off to work   BBL
Off to work   Short weekend  Long week ahead  Sigh 
Restless.Concerned.Twittering from mobile addiction.stressed.tired.need a break.wanna move back to los angeles... This is how i feel...  
Restored my iPhone again 
Restored my lappy to factory settings.  Still can't connect to wireless.  
Restoring iPhone to factory settings.  All my apps are gone.  
Restoring my 3G.. Sorry my mam's 3G 
Restoring my iPod Touch...3.0 killed it 
restringing my guitar with steel strings = realising an hour later that my fingers are bleeding 
Restroom again! 
Result: I didn't cry but it was a very bad day  Every cloud though, someone is becoming v skilled at being able to cheer me up...
result: warning for brakelight out, $65 ticket for no seatbelt, 15 minutes late to work 
results are in!! and this semester got stroked with a long dick!  sorry that was overly graphic. but yay for good grades!!!
Resume rewritten and saved.. now to work on the rest of my portfolio. Have I mentioned how much I hate job searching 
re-thinking my decision of bedroom choice. the guest bed is so much more comfy then mine  uh ohhhh.
rethinking my epic watermelon head smash idea   http://bit.ly/U0GJ6
Retreat night #2: I miss Melanie, Isaac and Cana more than I expected...   
Return of the Britney Sex Tape bot(s). 
Returned from holiday - trying to catch up on emails - while the UK-sun has very Greek ambitions 
Returned from Portugal. Had so much fun! Too bad I got a flu 
Returning from a victorious hunting trip to Gary's - You Yank It! Jason has his gas cap, I couldn't find the mirror I was looking for 
Returning from work.. dead tired.. the €trip is in serious trouble 
Returning some amazing shoes.  Heals are leather veneer. Yuck. On the pair I tried on the sticker wasn't.  Person got new ones from back..
Returning to rochester 
Oh my gosh. Supernatural is freaking me out!! Sammy!! Dean!! Castiel! :O Ahhhhh. ...  I pulled a muscle in my throat. Weird.
Oh my gosh... Oh my gosh...Susy is going to kill me with her remedy. 
oh my gosh... the whole &quot;dissolved the 10-year marriage of Jon and Kate Gosselin&quot;, while expected, was really sad to read 
oh my goshhhhhhh, counting back just 7 days, im gonna misssss you soooooo badddddd sweetie 
Oh my gossshh, what to do? I miss my puff. 
Oh my got a future with some other partners in the future may need to think about it, but yeah cant move my legs are WAY to soar 
Oh my head 
Oh my headache... I wanna sleep 
Oh my hell, these antibiotics are making me so sick. 
Oh my I haven't been on here for a while. Waiting for a plane, coming home from paris 
oh my i hope everything is going to be okay. the time flew by 
OH MY I think I was the cause of SLYM flu  or I just could have lung problems. gooodness D:
Oh my idk if ima b able to get my shoes!!! I'm gettin sad...real sad 
oh my im starving! craving somee sushii nd a coldbuster from jamba juiceeee 
oh my internet is capped 
Oh my Lord, I have no idea if any of this crap I spout is getting to anyone 
oh my lord, they just won't let me sleep stupid cramps  I'll never get any sleep  off to play sims 3 till my cramps are gone....*sigh*
Oh my ouchie! My back    maybe this is the reason i woke up!
oh my poor baby daddy 
Oh my poor Kate. She's too safe 
Oh my that's an ominous big black cloud above Glasgow 
oh my the commercial I just saw about animal abuse made me cry  humans are soooo cruel ! UG &gt;.&lt;
oh my word. do not watch this if you have a sensitive stomach.   http://tinyurl.com/l4ukxf I'm actually feeling a little bit sick.
oh my! alex is at the other movie! but i have to go to this one! FML! 
off to work  all feel sorry for me!
Off to work  another day of complaining people and smelling like ketchup &amp; fries.
Off to work  banter will jopefully be good!
Off to work  holiday time officially over. Not looking forward to news of my impending departure going public today.
off to work  joys of stock takes
Off To Work  No Rest For The Wicked x
off to work  not doing anything tonight..i'm so tired i'm coming right back home and going to bed.
Off to work  on a glummy Wednesday.
off to work  so lazyyyy
Off to work  Yeah, ad set Sunday!
off to work .... 
off to work again.  dont feel great 
Off to work and sad I will be missing the annual Castleshouldt Skeet Shoot   Duty calls and so does the pocket book...haha
Off to work anyhoo...just for a couple of hours, then have my long break, but then have to work until 8.30pm 
off to work at Home Depot and then Aeropostale. It's got to be a long yucky day  
Off to work BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO PROEPR CBA 
Off to work I go 
Off to work I go! 
off to work i go... 
off to work in a minute 
off to work in a works top which material is very bad for this warm weather 
Off to work in my Dior shirt. Reading Dostoevsky on the plane. I will miss everyone.  Ill miss you!
Off to work in the thunder and lightning! 
off to work its sucks long day today  
Off to work now apparently sun shining not a valid excuse to stay home 
off to work now! still raining 
off to work now, finish about 9pm  booooo.
Retweet @mikewat had to run to boston. missing #sharepint  glad to see and meet everyone at #spsclt. &gt; booooooo
Retweet @trackle 30 minutes to go for the first phone, Perez is STILL trending and we aren't??  #trackle
Retweet: I dont see any slump in real estate prices in #mumbai  looking for a 1bhk in around scruz-jog.. http://tinyurl.com/p26o3c
retweeted the wrong tweet at first sorry 
Retweeting @sinarko: horny ,, but there's only my little dog at my room  &gt;hahaha dont do that sinarko.or did u?
Rev Run and his fam are in Hawaii! im so jealous 
Rev3 gps tracking doesn't work for me, b/c I need Internet Explorer 
RE-vacuum my room................... damn.. =/ not checked... 
revamping network in the office..one meeting after the another 
reveling in the beauty of the day. too bad our deck needs a good washing before we can enjoy it. 
Revenind, mi-e somn, m? dor ochii de la c�t am plans azi. O s? fie bine, &quot;the universe will conspire! &quot;. ?tiu asta! 
reverse coed @vh1vball tourney this weekend... I want to plaaaay 
review classes tomorrow.  isn't it supposed to be my summer vacay?  and aren't i supposed to be sleeping n... http://plurk.com/p/1101o2
Review of MSO Metropolis Osiris concert written - will post link when published. The review I wrote from the other day still isn't up yet 
Oh my!...It's raining...I don't bring with me my umbrella..   baha na naman ngayun...for sure..
Oh my, do we really need to work on public holdidays 
Oh my, he's dead 
oh my, i didn't realise you could get so sunburnt in England!! ouch 
oh my, i hope it's not true 
Oh my, it's a bit sweaty out today. I also found out why I don't wear these shoes ever.. Ouuuch 
oh my, my room's doorknob is broken..somebody fix it. 
oh my, the heart got cut off after megan.  boo. it was cute.
Oh my, this heat is doing funny things to me now, we need thunder to clear it up 
Oh my, Valentina is going overseas in like three weeks.  What will I do without her?
Oh my,,, the tweenies are rapping 
Oh my.  Woke up with theeee illest headache  oh well at least I looked cute!   http://twitpic.com/7w8fx
oh my. hubby just informed me our other pc hard drive may have bit the dust. all my pictures from the past year may be lost. 
oh my. i have to read Deadly Unna? by Wednesday for school  It's so boring!!
Oh my. It is like 5am and I am up and awake. It's surprisingly light though. But my eyes, they're tired 
oh my.. feeling not well today.  wanna go home and sleep..
Oh my.. I can't believe this is a true story! It's awful 
Oh my... No friends here   guess i'll hit the movies alone tonight
oh my...i am tired...*yawn* last night's lack of sleep has caught up to me 
Oh my...too busy this morning and so many interesting and valuable Tweets have slipped past me. 
Oh myyy fjdhsjfjs David Cook is coming to Philly. I need a Cook fan to go with and idk any 
oh naww the joe jonas &quot;single ladies&quot; video is no longer available &amp;&amp; i didnt even get to put it into my mitchell 
oh need to tidy my shit pit of a room 
Oh never mind... It's closed.   http://twitpic.com/6bdvk
oh no  ... no hope for survivors after airbus crashes in the atlantic...fuck! 
Oh no  Anything happen in particular?
Oh no  Got to go to songsters soon and it's gone very dark, looks like we're about to get our share of the rain - typical!
Oh no - I think I've killed all my tomato seedlings. They've fallen over and withered up 
Oh no  I wanted to go to sea but today the sun is not here!  SIGH!
Oh no  I'm sorry  You will be fine
Off to work now, finish at 5.. bad times! 
Off to work on such a rainy day 
Off to work out 
Off to work soon  
Off to work soon!  Off all next week though!! YAY! New blog goes live this week!
off to work soon. still ill 
Off to work then Calirayaaa. I'm excited but I will surely miss Pablooo.  http://plurk.com/p/11vf38
Off to work to do some IT strategizing and then strategize fixing my own computer at home. 
Off to work tweets be back later on tonight 
off to work w/out georgie.. we'll never get back to base on time now that he's out of work 
Off to work will tweet at about 6pm so long away 
Off to work with a headache and sore throat. 
off to work with very little sleep  oh and dani I will!
Off to work woop woop. Children getting shots today... that's going to be sad 
off to work!  rents stole my laptop   so i stole theres!  my room is so empty finished moving my stuff out! moving into new place tomoz!
off to work! Booh 
off to work! have a long day ahead of me. Feeling blu 
Off to work! I don't like working in the rain  rain hair is an arch enemy of mine...
Off to work, and feeling extra tired today 
Off to work, boring 
off to work, but not in the miata 
off to work, come visit me ?  4 dull hours of listening to a promo dvd 
Off to work, i don't wanna go!!! 
Off to work, special members night so i'm working til 9 
Off to work. 
Off to work.  Already don't wanna be there 
Off to work.  Boo.  
Off to work.  The crappy part of the day begins 
Off to work. Finish at ten.  cackin weather here in Scotland's number two city
off to work. i mean, homeworks! haha! ugghh 
Off to work. It is the start of a beautiful day and I will be stuck inside. 
Off to work. Might take friday off as well. I miss my sandy quite terribly 
Off to work. My last day. Get to walk around and out-process. I am very happy to be one step closer to what I really want to do, but  2.
off to work. sooo cold! 
Off to work. Still looking for a prom dress with exactly 1 week left till prom  Oh snap!
off to work.. ugh.. 
off to work... 
Off to work...  Gonna be a nasty weather week 
off to work... then i gots to pay all my bills tonight 
Off to work.... Have to be in Stratford by 7am 
Off to work..... Again..... I really need a day of rest 
OFF TO WORK........DONT WANNA GO TODAY, IM SUPER SLEEPY!!! 
off to work...the last place i wanna be 
Off to worky....boo...i want to play in the sun. 
off to write an essay. 
off to Zambales with the Imperials. be back Sunday. then work on Monday. goodbye world 
off too school now :/    uh double tech with miss coats 
off too work 
Off Too Work .Gunna Miss The Lush Weather  .x
Off work - ill 
Off work and on the way 2 dinner @ Saltgrass w/ the parents...I always miss them so much whn they leave me in the H and go on nice vacas 
Off work ill - think I've got food poisoning! - scorching day outside too! 
Off Work Ill, no sick pay tho 
Off work in half an hour. Getting an MRI after that. Yay me 
Off work in less than 2 hours! Weee, super sore  damn you iFitness!
Off work poorly 
off work yay Im so tired 
Off work! Now to knock out a seven page paper 
Off work! Sittin at my mother's house. My grandma is sick again 
Off work, Ron is apparently staying the night or something, and i dont get to go on vacation. 
Off work. Scared to go home bc I know I have a painful run ahead of me.  still sore from the last.
off work.. finally. seems like it's never ending! one more day tomorrow then i'm off!!! til' friday 
off, off, off and away! Bye Cambridge 
off, off, off to work...  ...(update 150...wuiiiihh)
offertes, offertes, offertes... pfff, wat een vervelend werk 
offf to clean rom, rents goign out at 6, gotta stay with baby adam, hes sick and moody nd doesnt like me today 
offf to finish physics and so spnaish , 
offf to schoooll 
offf work... not really tired..tryina sleep 
offff to seatttle. gotta admit. not tooo excited. 
offffft its rainingg so mucccccch 
offically an idiot and should not book flights online  late at night  oh well situation saved if at a cost
Offically decided that Wales don't get enough McLurve!  So gonna start this: #McFlyforWales #McFlyforWales #McFlyforWales #McFlyforWales
Office Automation  i hate it ... spcly the formatting part :|
office is ONE BIG REFRIGERATOR! 
Office moment: U r last 2 sign a co-worker's farewell card &amp; there is no space left &amp; all the witty things are already said 
office on sunde..specially when mausam is awesome..sucks 
Office time.!! 
Officer stopped by for our names, numbers and birthdates.  Filing a report of child neglect with DCFS.  
Official Gibson Trophy Guitar has emerged as the most recognizable -- &amp; 1 of the most coveted trophies in  entire realm of motor racing. 
Officially 4 months pregnant today, but I just look like I ate a big lunch.   And happy father's day to all you dads!
review presentation coming up  and no sign of any results...
reviewing documentation ... only 539 pages to go ... yay me 
reviewing members list for Thai Business Club networking.. banyakkkkkk gilaaaaa...tiba2 rasa malaaasss muncul.. hucksss 
reviewing more documents 
revise biology nowwwwwwww. cant beleive i ahd to miss bobs party  miss you @Libbbb
Revised plan. Rush. Jason's. Home. 
revisiing for tomorrows french exam 
Revisin  ooooh i hate the books!!
revisin latin set texts 4 gsces....  
Revisin science 
revising  (N)
Revising  what a way to spend a day of skool!
revising  wish me luck for my tests next week!!!
revising 4 chemistry gcse!!! 
Revising 4 Science GCSE 4 wednesday nd Friday! D: UGH Chem and Phis  not lookin 4ward 2 it. Wish me luck! ]\/[ ][ |\| '][' &lt;&lt;&lt;-- lol
revising about ecology + ecosystems bla bla bla, boring 
revising again  cant wait for tonight XD MCFLY!!! lol
revising again today   *sniff*
revising again...god loads of my friends are sad, its making me sad... 
revising all day today 
Revising and soooooo scared of the thunder 
revising at home  so thought i would twitter as im bored stiff lol.
Revising Business Studies  GCSE exam on Tuesday !!
Revising EIGRP all day today 
revising English in the bath then off out for a meal as my grandparents are taking matthew on hols 
Revising for biology exam next week. Raining outside  Nan just ate the last donut! Bad times...
revising for contract law 
Revising for english exam  *groan*
Revising for geography  I hate exams. It's way to early to be working
revising for geography  the joys...
revising for maths exam tomorrow  good luck everyone who is taking it lol  xx
Revising for maths exam tomorrow, it's not sinking in 
revising for my a levels 
Revising For My English And Maths Tests For Tomorrow 
revising for my exams 
revising for my history exam 
oh no - it's raining. 
oh no  McFly say goodbye 
oh no - missing air france plane 
oh no  my friend kelly's dad died today. he used to take me out to dinner and stare at my boobs [i didnt care]  i'm fucking sad...
Oh no - my Mighty Mouse is broken - it won't scroll down. 
Oh no  pairing up. I hate this. No one wants to talk to me.
Oh no  STS-127 scrubbed, due to leak.
oh no - VAT return due and Xero is down for maintenance! Was supposed to be back online 10mins ago but no joy 
Oh no ! Missed some of bgt 
oh no !! before the storm isnt on the set list 
Oh no .. No music before bedtime and on the bus and train  no games no email no internet no youtube no apps no videos no podcast
Oh no a small bird just flew into our windshield! 
Oh no bbq today  too much crazy stuff. Cleaning sounds like the thing to do.
Oh no David Caradine  Death: Still Under Investigation. Bill from KILL BILL and Kung Fu Star extraordinaire. http://tinyurl.com/qzr7dy
Oh no Dawson!  They're still not sure if it's ligaments or fracture, &quot;but it looks quite nasty&quot;, says Harry. Dawson too? 
Oh no dora has to stay overnight. She is going to be so scared  haha
Oh no for a blister on my thumb from the bike handle during spinning   didn't even notice
Oh no haven't watched the last couple of eps, kate's gone?!!!!!! She was my fave 
oh no having to do tax things 
oh no here comes the grey skys 
Oh no here I go. Wish me luck wit my surgery guys 
Oh no hun! I'm sorry! I know how much you were looking forward to that trip! 
Oh no I don't think I can stay up much longer.. 
oh no i have school tomorrow 
oh no i have to get up at 4:00 tomorrow morning 
Oh no I just realized I missed Consumer Queen on Blog Talk Radio ... darn it. 
Oh no I missed the cupcake lady while I was making my coffee 
Oh no I missed the last Tonight Show with Jay Leno.  I kind of wanted to watch even though I don't usually. I forgot today was Friday.
Oh no I think I might be getting sick 
Oh no i woke up late!!!! I'm thinking of calling in, but I shouldn't 
Oh no I won't be getting my roast dinner tomorrow  never mind x
oh no i'm missing all the tweets due to a non nk fan on fb 
Oh no I'm poorly sick off work, I hate being ill 
oh no im starting to feel sick my head hurts 
oh no it rains.it is cold and I cant sleep. I wish I could be at a sunnier place 
oh no it went off... 
oh no it's come over all grey! grrrrr no sitting in the garden then 
Oh no it's fading away again 
oh no its raining again  eff that
oh no ive gone through bushy indie hair to a chav skinhead 
revising for my history exam  so much to do!!!
Revising for my Media exam tomorrow  how fun...
Revising for some exams! 
Revising for the history exams  did you know that 80% of Americans had no savings in the 1930s.. well now you do  PS. i LOVE the sun (#)
Revising French  can you play my name is by emeinem it's a classic
revising GCSE ICT 
Revising gender and the workplace is somewhat disheartening, females earn 18.8% less an hour than males...nice to know for my future! 
Revising hard for science exam in the morning! Only 2 exams left though! Im so bored dont know what to do for the rest of the day 
Revising history for GCSE tomoz 
revising irish 
Revising latin verbs 
Revising mathematics for the examination tomorrow!!!!  arghhhhhhhh
Revising physics  I want a new book to read, any recommendations?
revising today 
Revising when its all sunny  I have to just work when its so sunny outside x
revising while trying to watch superbad - nooooo  
revising..... 
revisingg 
Revisingg for exams 
revision  and just getting started on twitter x
revision  yesterday was amazing!!
revision 09 ... 
revision again 
Revision for exams arnt fun  But if my I-pod worked it would be a tad more bearable.
Revision is hard, back-ache.com 
Revision is killing me now. 
Revision on a day like this... I'm crayzeee 
revision over- for now.  but did manage to type my entire drama play without script &amp; withut mistakes. 
revision revision revision, work work work 
revision revision revisionnnnn 
revision sucks 
revision sucks! Exam on Tuesday  #revision
Revision time  Exams all this week ! Bummer.
revision, bothered, bored 
revision, revision.. revision  grrrrrrr.
revision3.com is down  http://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/revision3.com
revisionnn 
REVOLUTION is coming up... Cant wait, but im writing 2 Exams that morning. 
Oh no liburannya udh mau selse aja  huhuhu!! No way!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate school, rmmbr stdy haterz?? Hahah @karibby@janebertha@scillarasati
oh no morning.!! suppose i better get ready for work   
oh no my arm is swoll I feel down 
Oh no my baby Benny has Swine Flu.  I hope I dont catch that shit. I need to look up some hotels in Buffalo.
Oh no my computer sucks. I don't think i'll be able to listen to the Xbox 360 Fancast tonite 
oh no my phone died and i left a battery charger at work 
oh no my poor nephew fractured his left hands and iz now with cast and would have to for 4 weeks!!  poor babyy 
Oh no my super cool lime green phone cover is messed up! I dropped it and it came off. It's all loose now. 
oh no my tweetdeck is malfunctioning :O il have web will its fixd 
oh no not Jill Munroe! 
Oh no oh no! I feel the chills coming on to me  I've reached the critical point in temperature.
oh no OH NO! its the sad episode of futurama.  I forsee an evening of tears
Oh no Poe turtle in the middle of the road 
oh no poor horsey it fell into the see 
Oh no Rafa  I just heard. Oh dear... Well, go Andy!
Oh no rain! gg to Movie World 
oh no school starts next month already.  i want the clock to stop ticking
oh no school tommorow!  really really dont want to go! Half terms been gr8! nd reallly sunny!
Oh no school. Weekends are gone so fast like that 
oh no Shane Williams is out too?? http://bit.ly/9rp4r
Oh no somebody died  daaaamn  that hurts
Oh no someone died on the Metro today two trains collided..  PRAISE GOD I WASN'T ON IT. Feel sorry for the victim tho
oh no somethings wrong with our car :O 
oh no the back of my gauge went down the shower drain 
oh no the mums put 'im a celeb get me out of her' again........i hate it 
Oh no the weathers gettin worse an its ma bday on saturday i hope it dusnt rain wen i go 2 alton towers 
Oh no think i'm getting a cold! 
Oh no tummy ache 
oh no we have to go now! 
Oh no!  @garannm has a fever, and it's not the good kind Ella Fitzgerald has been singing about. 
Oh no!  Another SB store is closing!  I taught a couple of classes there when it first opened. . .Scrapbooking by Design in Laguna Niguel 
Oh no!  I just got an acceptance for a poem in a BETTER journal than the acceptance for the same poem that I already said yes too. 
Oh no!  my mobileme mail account is getting blasted with spam 
oh no!  still not printed! 
OH NO!  Totally Gutted! My camera is officially broken, no more videos from me until god knows when! *cry*
Oh no!  you stopped following me.   @hollydollymix
OH NO! ! Just Dropped My phone In The S!Nk!  NOOO!
revolutionary road is good but sad 
Re-watching Heroes Season 2. There are a lot of things I forgot apparently. 
Rewatching the first season of True Blood on HBO on demand, but only til midnight when it goes away  but then its time to buy the DVD!
Rewatching zettai kareshi. Riiko was mean to him for a long time. 
rewinding film in LCA - felt &quot;rewound&quot; so opened back - it wasn't  Then it jammed   Looking at negs think only lost couple of shots tho.
REX misses his new friend Raven   http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6440587
rey left back to ft.hood for the army  but its good im still all smiles cause he'll be back next weekend
Reyhan's relationship status is open with me, not in a relationship again 
RHEL5 ImageMagick still below 6.3  which means RMagick 1.15.17. Unless I want to hand roll ImageMagick, not hard but gets messy later on.
Rhiannon's grade 8 baseball tournament in Jordan today. Ack! Brings back bad memories of being picked last.  Should be a great day tho'..
Rhymes coming down w a fever. just got some motrin. 
Rhythm heaven is so judgemental 
Ria got a a G1 phone and im jealous 
Ribs were way greasy and pretty disappointing altogether.  http://myloc.me/2e5z
rice at 4am is awsome and combats the booze. its all fun and games till someone stamps on your ankle 
Rice cereal is not as good as cream of wheat.  
Rice Karuhi pochu today.sadly need to trash most of them  brought only lil amt of rice.Cooker doesn't give the 3rd whistle @ all. 
Oh no! Ambience and @TheLimousines will be on stage at the same time! 
Oh no! Are there rain clouds outside? @shiv1 is totally going to make fun of my hair later 
Oh no! Bill is dead! 
Oh no! Channel 4 will be scrapping either Come Dine With Me or Shameless. I love them both 
Oh no! did I scare someone away.. I just lost a follower...  I'm saddened.. Oh well back to good music... lol
oh no! doggie head cone...   Is she ok?
Oh no! Farrah fawcett died  she was so beautiful.
Oh no! Flash flood warnings in Nash County 
Oh no! he's a devildare!!! what can i do for him...??? NO NO NO...!!! 
Oh no! he's out of the French tourney 
Oh no! His accent sucks  No shag from me Mr. Bamber... Go find a new bitch! *harrumph*
Oh no! I don't want anyone eliminated from Masterchef! 
Oh no! I have such a big problem! I made this problem last night... It's so terrible! I could cry 
oh no! I just crashed my ball pump 
Oh no! I just ran out of invisible ink 
Oh no! I just realized that 20 years ago today the 80s were almost over. I'm older than I thought...  
Oh no! I just saw a hurt bird trying to hop. That broke my heart!! 
OH NO! I missed #FollowFriday yesterday? That sucks.  But oh well. Thank y'all for the FF! Special thanks to @tomokeefe and @rleseberg &lt;3
Oh no! I missed rose's radio show 
Oh no! I need to stop looking at these Year One reviews on Twitter! Ahh people are saying its not good!!  It will be! I know it!
Oh no! I ran out of Pocky's!  http://twitpic.com/7h9a2
Oh no! I really din know photocopying can be so expensive in Bangsar!  Suddenly miss Serdang now...
Oh no! I think Chloe can't carry the pressure!  BUT I WAAAAANT!
Oh no! I think I killed a tree by murderously pruning it last autumn...no buds...bad news. 
OH NO! I wanted @mileycyrus to win 
oh no! iced coffee all gone 
oh no! if I can't get the State Fair website to cooperate I might miss the photo contest entry deadline!! that make me sad 
Oh no! ILLEGAL!!! haha... gay  those two are the most awesome. Check their myspaces?
Oh no! Im killing more animals on this roadtrip than rich white girls do for coats. 
Oh no! I'm not ready for my 5K tomorrow.   I had to walk for 1/2 of my running intervals today http://bit.ly/2ncUi #RunKeeper #IHateColds
Oh no! Injured brother 
Oh no! It's raining again.  I don't like rain during nighttime.
Oh no! Just remembered I've got the dentist this afternoon.   
oh no! Libs, stop watching Faux News just to make fun of it. Ratings make them think they're awesome   http://bit.ly/16XCBI
oh no! maybe no swim afterall...it's going to rain! and on my day off...   
oh no! my baby have a feveR!! i hope it dont get any worst 
oh no! My baby kitten has puss coming out of his left eye. Help! 
Oh no! My folder has exploded! That's a semester of notes all over my floor. 
Oh no! My headphones have stopped working... no music! This is going to be a loooong day! 
officially 60% done researching paper, 0% done writing.   and does anyone know what FML means?
officially a member of NMBC! Unfortunately I won't be there again until Sept 
Officially a slave for the next 3 weeks!  boo
Officially dying, wondering if I';m over-reacting. 5+ hours now though, god. 
Officially going back to school. 
officially has pink eye. 
Officially has the flu 
Officially hate people who buy domains based on typos. Just got pop-up raped by google.cm 
officially hooked on dried fruits.. lol iv eaten half the packet of dried mango. i feel ill now 
officially hurting, full breakfast, eggs, bacon, sausage, juice, large lunch, pasta, cheeses, omg, i'm done 
Officially is no longer a fan of Mcdonalds. I feel Yucky 
officially misses Gold 
OFFICIALLY needs a second screen 
Officially now raining in Shawbury  Tent packed up again  No gogo argument so far this morning though 
Officially on my way back to the STL  in Strasburg, VA http://loopt.us/-TJimQ.t
Officially procrastination!!! Moving tomorrow and not packed at all... 
officially sick 
Officially sick.  Green Tea, Golden Seal, Echinacea and zinc = very good. Nyquill and sleeping in = awesome.
Richard Bransson's Virgin bids $200 million for Playboy If successful it will be a 'Virgin' Playboy &amp; Bunnies will be 'Virgin' Bunnies 
Richard Is Leaving Today  So Gonna Spend Alittle Time With Him...
Richmond losing to Port is the second worst thing that can happen in AFL 
richmond lost 
rick ross, would play baseball because he's a fraud.  poor rick ross lol .
rickbaker24 follow me please. i only have 6 
Rickey Smiley is okay but I really miss the Big Phat morning show 
Ricks leaving me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate my life, I'm going to be so alone!     but I'll always do it better !
Riddle Answer: Romeo and Juliet are fish!!! And the broken glass and water is from the fishbowl breaking 
Riddle me this: WHY is it SNOWING? Not flurrying, S-N-O-W-I-N-G? 
Rider dies at NW200. Condolences, what a shame  http://bit.ly/I6edW
Ridiculous that I'm still awake!!! I'm beyond annoyed with the tossing/turning game I'm playing 
Ridiculously love sick over this one person &lt;/3....and cnt sleep. 
Ridiculously sick. Spent the last 10hrs going to n from the bathroom. Exam on friday too 
Ridiculously sick. What the hell! 
Ridiculously tired and feeling a bit rubbish 
Ridin around Erie laughin at the bullshit ass people that live here. I'm tryna take pics to show ya'll but my camera slow. 
riding bikes with my daddyy and little bro.  Missingggg my boooogggerr already. 
riding Miler's in the morning w/ @nateboy; wish i could make it to Wilson sunday 
oh no! my new iPod Touch isn't working right!! 
oh no! my phone didn't charge last night 
oh no! my phone is running out of battery and i dont know how im getting home! 
Oh no! My Picture where too big  Now i uploaded my Signature as my Pic. Well, i try to decrease the size of it.
Oh no! My Wimboldon centre court ticket is the same day as my moch exams!!!   i hope i can still go!!!!
Oh no! Rafa was expecting to sign the camera. He literally doesn't know what it is to lose at the French! No pens. No signing. 
oh no! rest in peace, Farrah.  
Oh no! So sorry to hear about @Oscarthecat! His poor people!   *headbutts* to @BrewskieButt &amp; all his other good pals.
OH NO! something's wrong with my PS3?!   can't detect any games huhu
Oh no! Sophie slips outside top 15  Heartbreak makes me a dancer indeed  *weeps* http://tr.im/p2p6
Oh no! That suckssssss!! 
Oh no! Thats horrible! I'm really sorry to hear that  
Oh no! The bbq is closed today! I have to eat at fina instead 
OH NO! The cookie dough I have in my fridge is tainted!  http://bit.ly/147fwO
Oh no! The Stig's identity is going to be revealed  http://bit.ly/ltFmN 
Oh no! They killed the grandma! 
oh no! this makes me so sad  http://tinyurl.com/mup2rg
Oh no! What am i going to do? No Ashes to Ashes tonight!! I need my Gene genie fix 
Oh no! Who is sick ? 
oh no!! dominick's fish died  ~mae~
oh no!! i had 2 do the stupid beep test at school 
Oh no!! I'm missing Rescue Me and Jeff's playin some random mecha game on the ps3!  oh well..thank merlin for On Demand!
oh no!! my hair is frizzing 
Oh no!! Sad  yeah I am nervous about getting a job.
Oh no!!!  2 hours....  
oh no!!! am tired of believing that i can do everything. I need a bloody challenges!!! 
oh no!!! Dylan got dysentry and died! 
Oh no!!! I slept through Martha Night!!! 
Oh no!!! The USA team is very bad today. 
Oh no!!!! It's going to rain....    ...... XOXO..... (Germany)
oh no!!!! my pic has gone 
oh no, Aidan Davies has started the kids off crying on BGT 
Oh no, another message pitching the Twitter Traffic Machine!! Anyone else get these too?  Such a putoff!! 
Oh no, as a singer I have relied on Zicam Cold Remedy a lot! It has worked really well for me  http://bit.ly/2XsKFn
Oh no, baby's awake. There goes my F1 watching. Yet another DNF 
oh no, black clouds are coming back...rain to follow?! 
Oh no, devil hamster ate all her food....Now I have to risk my life to try and feed her 
Oh no, duaji &amp; dead kid won't be around next week  will miss the 2 si ginnahs - http://tweet.sg
Oh no, eyes have gone really light sensitive and flared up all blood shot, seeing the eye hospital at 3:30 
Oh no, first Harry Kalas, and now Gary Papa...this is sad  http://bit.ly/qHw1x /local&amp;id=6874073
officially T-O'ed. SOOOO ready to find a new job. but not ready to not work with @sierratuttle 
Offline!!!! bb 
Offspring was great last night, I ran into some old friends and went to some clubs with them it was really fun, little hungover though 
Oficial TwitZap me permite postear pero no leer los Twitts... 
OG MY GOSH ... i forgot to upload Photo Tip 8 
OG yesteday Cedric died  I watched HP and cryed when he died 
OH - &quot;the final day of warmth...no not forever...&quot; ...oh how I'm spending it indoors... 
oh  disney channel says it's tomorrow. daaaaaamn you disney channel
Oh  The Lily Allen track ~ Not Fair ~ Came at Number 6 this week. I was hoping it would go higher. Oh well!
Oh !    I'm sick , it's so boring !
oh &amp; I'm pretty mad the CELTICS LOST  Yesterday
Oh *ish. My Kobe hate is getting me followers... lol I'll do a follow friday if I get to 100... not likely 
oh , I'm so tired that I will go to bed for now 
oh ,good morning sunshines.today i'm sitting home again cus outside is still bad weather but it's not rainy ,just strong wind ja cloudy, 
Oh ,no!  Farrah Fawcett just passed away 
Oh ... got a 'missed call' notification 0808 120609. Rang number back, girl answers, said nobody there made the call. Was Ray's no. tho 
oh @foxymegan @RealJessicaAlba , any suggestions how can i get a rockin' body like yours ? cause i feel shapeless and fat right now 
Oh @goodwitch you don't follow me. Well FINE then you get no more updates. And my feelings are hurt. 
Oh @googlevoice, how my G1 lusts after you, but it seems you will never be mine 
OH @jamesalmond &quot;found a hair in my breakfast, thank you showroom&quot; #uns1 
Oh @Kogibbq, you switched your schedule 
Oh @signatureteddy.I'm mad I listened 2 u. I tried 2 throw my toddler pic up 2 show I was poppin and now it took eveything off. 
Oh @tomofromearth.  Don't do it if it's cos people are buttmonkeys. Do it if IT is a buttmonkey.
oh @tyrese4real you handled that amazingly. poor eminem couldnt deal with bruno  awwww...
Oh 35 page paper, i wish you werent in the way of my dc wked 
oh a long day it will be 
oh ack.. i hate methotrexate thursday 
Oh Alex and Jack, you always cheer me up. 
Oh Amsterdam, so tempting, yet so fiscally out of reach 
oh and @jatttv these tickets are like $300  I'm still working on it though.
oh and @sup_michaela , that is killer! by the way, I leave in a week, I won't be able to talk to you for 5 days!  what will I do?
OH AND ACTUALLY mods are deleting my other posts.. they're just disappearing 
Oh and Brad Roudebush is officially a nerd. Maybe I am just jelous because he is following my Dad, but not me 
oh and btw, remember there is nothing i like more than forgetting i have a cut, and shoving detol in it.  feels good on open wounds :S :S
Oh No, he's started again.    Could be worse, at least he does know how to play them.
Oh no, I feel like I'm getting sick again 
oh no, i lost 6 followers 
oh no, I think I just got hacked 
oh no, i'm not a bit shaky.. i'm so shaky i swear 
Oh no, I'm really sleepy.. I don't want to miss the mtv movie awards.. 
Oh no, it's Friday. Only got 3 days left till school starts. 
Oh no, it's goodbye LC time. I'm gonna drag it out as much as I possibly can. Lauren 
oh no, its raining loads today  come back sun
Oh No, I've lost my jailbreak! I thought that might happen - damn you, Apple. Damn you to heck! now i've lost my fave sms tone 
Oh no, Jamba Juice isn't all vegetarian anymore   I don't want to smell chicken when I go to get a smoothie.  #jambafail
Oh no, Land of the Lost got a 29% on the tomatomometer.    (http://bit.ly/Q3cO3
oh no, monday again! i hate monday 
OH NO, my cousin gets home from puerto rico today! Which means hes gonna be home when i get home   i liked not having aroundd!
Oh no, my server has just died  support (e.g. brother-in-law) are onto it though
oh no, my throat is starting to hurt  and im coughing! please just be the dust bunnies in this room!
oh no, now not only youtube is blocked but also blogspot 
Oh no, rest in peace Farah. 
oh no, school run in the rain grrrrrrrrrr 
oh no, slept all day 
Oh no, sneezing and headache... 
oh no, stocktake sale, going to be busy tomorrow night 
Oh no, the BO twins are back  Smells like 3 week old sweat, gross.  And one of them makes SuBo look like Britney. Off home me thinks.
Oh no, the cat's got a bird in the garden. It's squealing like mad and I can't get to it. 
Oh no, the heat is coming! I was really enjoying the cool weather... 
Oh no, the Vogue Australia forums are down! 
Oh No,Ivan,Your Earphones 
Oh no.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ #iranelection, #tehran ... oh my god.
oh no.  just did a huge session and realised i had shot in JPEG instead of RAW...devastated.  it really makes a huge difference. . . 
Oh no.  The maintenece team is on the plane 
Oh no.  What happened with the Aussie dates? I'm soooooo sorry for those girls. 
Oh no. 6 bodies from air France flight  447 recovered from crash. More have been spotted among debris  R.I.P. 447
Oh no. Angry colleague from Wales HQ on the phone just now.  hoping latest copy of living etc will make it a better.
Oh no. Bad day. Mood plummeting. Want to go home  #work
Oh no. Boss left. Woman still yelling at me because she doesn't like how some company's website is built or something. LEAVE ME ALONE. 
oh no. i can't find my phonee.... 
Oh no. I have the hiccups. 
Oh no. I'm actually listening to Chicago songs that are sung by Peter Cetera. What's wrong with me? 
Oh no. I'm so so sad, I waking up with   the worst news my 12 y old dog died this morning 
Riding the 4wheeler alone is never fun. 
Riding the bus for the last time as an eighth grader in the afternoon. 
Riding train to work on a dreary Monday morning 
Right - Ironing and packing now - joy 
Right . .Got to Do The impossible Task Now Of Tidying My Room . . .Boy This Will Be A Challenge! 
right about now i wish the psp had 2 shoulder buttons 
Right after a wonderful keynote, Gioia had to appropriate for the US things they did not invent. Fail 
right after exams i have to start my ecdl, get another summer job and do some sort of course 
right arm barely moveable at this point, feel very foolish.... must listen to peoples advice in future!!! 
right back to my wiiiiiii (: the wee yoga pose were you bend to one side was a fail. 
Right back to U!--&gt; Gratitude hug&gt; @MARCOME &amp; to @haleyh22 @swedeepea @swedeepie92 @Anise76 @shopmollyd @ExpressiveP @aplacetobark @sween 
Right back to work, customers wait for noone.. just read the first email, and huh ? haven't got a clue.. not a goed start.. 
right bed time for me need to get up for work at 9 
right field roof by the bar- opposite sides!  @alexgadberry
right foot hurts since tuesday morning 
right gettin ready 4 studio bt i cant stand the heat n sweat lol n .......... HAYFEVER 
Oh no. I'm supposed to go out with my friend. We're supposed to be there before 2 pm. I just woke up, AND IT IS NOW 1:21 PM!!!! 
Oh no. My HD fell and now it's not showing up on my computer 
Oh no. No no no.  Getting sick...this is gonna be a bad one 
oh no. She is going into a gallery &amp; there is a bald, middle aged man who sometimes morphs into younger hotter man. Also, he is Korean.  !
oh no. the beaches are flooded and I can barely get home 
Oh no. This isn't going to be pretty. 
oh no. what's wrong with me? sob sob. 
Oh no.. another one has left... 
Oh no.. my dealer did not get the Dreambox 8000  What now? Where can I get one?
oh no.. we lost another good band to Nuclear Blast. 
oh no... a woot off!  I need to work 
Oh no... Back to school today... 
Oh no... I think the actors might be the twilight problem  but Jacob is going to be great!!! If they have done well on the wolf thing
Oh no... I'm going to have to leave my neighbors house, and they're the reason I have Internet. 
Oh no....tummyache to the extremeeeee  thank goodness only 7 days!!
oh no...got this terrible song stuck in my head: &quot;Fairytale&quot; 
Oh no...Kutner's dead   (watching House)
oh no...not again 
oh no...sniffles  im feeling a cold coming on!
Oh no...Twitter can't be down tomorrow night. I was going to tweet at the Pan-Pacific Festival Block Party 
oh no..its over now 
oh no..wolf fight...aaaah!    oh gosh,i dont want to watch,but ive got to if i want to work @ yellowstone..mmmmmm 
Oh noes  Sounds as though that Air France jet has gone down.
Oh noes Gin Garden cocktail class tonight got cancelled because the guy running it is sick   
oh noes raining for em's partay 
oh noes! @mormonmatters having a technical difficulty on site 
Oh noes! brothers xbox 360 has the red ring of death 
oh noes! going to be late to barcamp 
Oh noes! Have not set BTCC On to record! Missed first 3 hours! 
Oh noes! Here comes the Disney-cry part of Narnia  *weep*
Oh noes! I is wearing business casual again for the first time in 2 months. I already miss my t-shirts and jeans 
oh noes! I seem to gained a spot during my less than considerable sleepy time 
Oh noes! It already exists! What will I tell the venture capitalists? 
oh noes! just cancelled my dreamhost account. that webpage i haven't updated in a year is no longer available... 
Oh Noes! Margaret quits The #Apprentice!!!   http://is.gd/Q53j via @ukapprentice
Oh noes! Zara sale is on now, must tell wife before she kills me. Poor wallet. 
Oh noes!!!  The flip software will not install 
oh noes!!!! Blend just crashed on me!!!! lost a bunch of stuff 
OH NOES!!!! MY WEBSITE IS DOWN AGAIN   
Oh noes,  im out of lortab    sad times!
oh noes, coldplaying forums won't load. 
Oh and for those who care, my laptop is broke again. 
Oh and fuck this damn Texas heat. 
Oh and Good morning twitters.. Its early and tryin to get these kids ready for school... Lexi's got her 12 mth checkup today...  (shots)
oh and guess what I found out? My eyes aren't shaped the usual way. Mine are sorta weird which gives me my headaches 
Oh and happy birthday to the hotness that is Jason Isaacsssss &lt;3 I wish I had some new Lucius Malfoy to drool over too 
Oh and i accidentally hit it w/ a newspaper trying to make it move.   I feel awful.
Oh and I also found a large bald patch on my head behind my ear earlier. Alopecia, why not, let's make a day of it while we're here 
oh and i cant forget my COW who doesnt even know i exist  ALEX lol
oh and I did third eye blinds merch all day and missed out on all the bands 
Oh and I forgot to add to my last twitt jaw-surgery-person!!! 
Oh and I found out that my I580 cell phone won't tweet. 
Oh and I hate brothers  can't wait til I get my mac. The whole of my family will be laptop-less except me, mua ha ha ha ha!
OH AND I HATE TRAINS. 
oh and I lost my 'Harry Potter and the order of the phoenix', so sad 
Oh and I loved that jukebox at the pool hall had The Offspring. Sadly I couldn't find Chop Suey by SOAD on it 
Oh and i still havent read astons blog 
Oh and if only lens phone didnt die i would know whats going on at the parade 
Oh and I'm brilliant cuz I didn't let my comforter dry all the way before putting it back on my bed. Now my sheets are wet too. Bummer. 
Oh and i'm fairly certain Faith caught a cold  But it was extremely wet and windy so i'm not surprised.
Oh and im looking at zbrush because my mudbox doesn't work on win 7 yet 
right- getting a little peed aff  at @rustyrockets bumping us !! he aint been on in ages!!!   
right got a stinking headache but I need to run I'm not a happy bunny 
Right Hulu Desktop is apparently only available in the USA at the moment, what the hell was the point in downloading it 
right i AM going out tomorrow apparently to Staples... 
right i am going to stop playing on here and do some work 
Right i just left the fucking place. I dont deserve some fat dla victim ignoring me... Bad day  so hungry
Right if I don't move now then I never will!!  Plus I have to cut the grass 
right im going to get something to eat and then its back to the studying 
right i'm off to bed...in bed before 11 on a sat night, how sad??!! 
Right I'm off to school. I have to walk down which is grand but it's kind of raining 
right im out of here peeps.. i hope @twitter fixes twitter mobile so i can tweet from the race.. m.twitter has been down for 4 days  #fail
Right in the middle of a full swing Migraine and 2 hours left of Work... 
Right its way too late, need to stop these late nights. Off to bed now. Gym, Radio, and Graphics ACTUAL REAL LIFE WORK tomorrow 
Right lardy back on it..... Cross trainer time 
right last tweet from my lappy, back on phone tomorrow!  Have a great day all, Im off to the beach before the long road home! xx
OH and Junior No.2 have got a bug and are not well at all 
Oh and Kristen, am I supposed to feel bad about your heat index in FL. Baby, I dont think so!  Its 65 here and raining AGAIN! 
oh and lameness - back in work tomorrow even though i should have been back monday  sad times.
oh and my Butter Finger was so old it was HARD.  no score for me. 
Oh and my laptops keyboard will never work again, Apple store said water got to some important hardware  but it still works
Oh and my little Bella-wella has to go get spayed today 
Oh and my MSN still isnt working. 
oh and pay rent... yuck 
Oh and school should start at like 10, 8.45 is waaaay to early 
oh and sorry for the lack of tweets lately  my computer broke and i've been studying for exams   i did my first one today  5 left
Oh and sorry no beach pics  my sd card is acting up
oh and squeeze in an online class.  sucks.
Oh and tenju.. I was kind of upset  There were so many couples there.. it's a lonely world for me!
Oh and the song that I never want to hear again (Pomp and Circumstance) is stuck in my head!  lol.
Oh and they also cut my nails with this giant steel cutter. I was really scared at first  But then I got the hang of it.
OH and they changed the team rocket song! Plus the pokemon are all rubbish now 
Oh noes, for the first time in almost three months, I didn't do my picture blog...   (btw, weren't Ningmaster positions for three months?)
oh noes, i'm becoming obsessed again!   JACOBFUCKINGBLACKKKKK
oh noes, my McD's sweet tea is all gone 
Oh noes, Not Your Average Joes in Lexington is closing!  Sad 
Oh noes, Stackoverflow is consuming me now 
Oh noes, torres says its liverpool's year next year 
Oh noes, Ugobe's bankrupt!  Well, I guess Bo is a collector's item now ;)
oh noes, vacation almost over 
oh noes. Her pianist for leavers can't play cause its a break, her fingers are broken!! 
Oh noes. Is it today already?  
oh noes.. Pearl doing Oxegen artists 
Oh noes... forgot to bring the Jesse McCartney album to work 
oh nole nooooes 
Oh noo, i have a music test next,  :-s
oh nooo  bad day.
oh nooo can feel my cold coming back again!!-not good 
oh nooo needed num 83 for �28...didnt get the either 
OH NOOO!!! da new semester will start 2moro! not ready yet 
oh nooo...I ate too much... 
Oh noooo I woke up  !!!
oh noooo my whole class has disappeared. probs snatched away by aliens  sigh...
oh noooo the dark clouds have dispersd doesnt look like we're gonna have rain 
Oh noooo! I just ran out of Questionable Content comic strips after reading 'em all 
Oh noooo! Runaway Jury is on! I wanna watch it but I need to go to bed 
OH NOOOO!!! I just found out who my bus partner its gonna be and I'm not happy  WHY WHY...
Oh noooo, Mindy is leaving in June   what to do0o0o
oh noooo... im so tired. i stayed up late playing cooking mama on my ipod  bad idea.
oh nooooo my car wont start anymore!how do i get home l8er on?!maybe mom knows whats wrong with it 
Oh nooooo my necklace just broke  
Oh NOOOOO! Traffic  I was lost now I'm stuck!!! Oh NO! @brooklynblondie on the way
Oh nooooo. I'm awake.  Whyyyy?
oh noooooez.. I will be internet-less for dayssss.. maybe weeks.. NOOOOO!!  I'm gonna miss tweeting and blogging.. ( A LOT.
oh nordstrom.... how you let me down today 
oh nos! not feeling well... the pig herpes? 
Oh nose  me&amp;sistaaar broke the garage door! AHAH. But we're gunna keep it on the lowkeyy until my mom finds out for herself! ;)
oh not again..  ive got such a sore throat)
Oh noz  I said I would do my homework today and I didn't. Read why procrastinate by teo aik cher. Ew?
Oh nuts again, almost forgot: #squarespace .com still compells me, tho I've no time to play w/ the trial. 
Oh ny gawsh, I'm a loser  fell asleep again.
OH of course, the page with the gallery is the details page, and the page that shows the details is the gallery page. &lt; / sarcasam &gt; 
Oh oh ... I think this is going to be a very interesting day at work - no fun 
Oh and today in training we spoke about 'Global English' and evolution of language. I brought up l33t. Nobody understood. 
oh and when you come to vegas there should be no clouds... vegas must of not got my memmo 
Oh anxiety....you are getting the best of me tonight 
OH apparently i got the day off today, woop! only two days left, and that's a bit sad 
Oh apparently there was an eathquake tonight. I never realize we are having one!!! 
oh apparently they were showing Kiteretsu.  http://bit.ly/La2m0
Oh ASOS, please don't send me Style Updates with items like this -&gt; http://bit.ly/bMW1o I'm all distracted by pretty sequins now 
Oh baby, I'm so sorry. I miss him too! 
oh back pain, please go away! 
Oh Batman, don't you know you can never not be Batman? 
oh bein bk in office is rubbish! weather so nice outside window 
Oh bloody arse! Ok. The pics are boring anyway. I get the hint. 
Oh bloody hell those are expensive... 
oh bloody hell, someone could have mentioned it was fathers day before i got home 
Oh bollocks.  I synced my @tweetdeck settings in the wrong order, and now I'm down to 3 columns 
Oh bollox...didn't realise it was HIM! Feel bad now 
Oh Boo... It's repeated from when JT was there!  I already saw it!!!
Oh boy Angela of 'Frangela' is gone from I'm A Celeb,will miss ya babe,you were funny as hell  http://i43.tinypic.com/2rc8v12.jpg
oh boy do i hate stress! it makes me an emotional wreck.  i can't wait for tomorrow to be over and my english final to be passed. :/
Oh boy the cavs won  but at least i saw my brotha  Jigga at the game lol
oh boy what can happen next, i hope everything works out ok for my car 
OH OH OH I WANT! http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/0400429D9DEC3DD1 but I has so little moneys 
Oh oh Toronto is up 4-1 over Montreal. If they score one more goal and not let any in. No championship for Vancouver  22 mins left.
Oh oh traffic jam... I hate this 
Oh oh, Bill really got killed  R.I.P. David Carradine http://bit.ly/15zOjW
oh oh... my Karma dropped 2 points because I didn't plurk over the past 3 days  http://plurk.com/p/uia5w
Oh ok so now I'm sick on my stomach that's cool. Staying at home today 
oh on....i finish last at McRitchie 5K run.... 
Oh ow...it's raining! Guess no 100m dash to run to 
oh owie my nosey still burns from eating that cheery and spinning my head. its was like a cherry-cocain-high-sting. be careful kids. 
oh pedrosa..what happend? I've been waiting for two weeks for this race.. 
Oh peeps, I've been SO BUSY!  I haven't had a chance to just sit and tweet luxuriously for a while now....I miss everybody!  
Oh people need to learn we don't ALL like to get up at obscene hours of the morning, and it's okay to ring later in the day. My poor head 
Oh please IT, don't find a way to block it before the end of the day! 
Oh please, don't go changing  I want you so much!
oh poo! both of the kids are awake. right when we decide 2 sleep of coarse.  no me gusta.
Oh POO!! I can't remember the password to my BofA profile  Going on a tour tomorrow at a massage therapy school. Why the heck not :/ meh..
Oh pooh, I missed two awesome games tonight 
right leg  feeling very numb now from injection 
Right Now , Im Sooo Confused 
right now ...try to understand my last mandarin lesson !!! ... so  
right now all the culture I'm getting is my iPod and a few snatches of Preview and the Inquirer 
Right now have I German in the school. thats sucks! 
right now i am wallowing in my self pity that people are enjoying murrayfield &amp; im stuck in borin smelly lennoxtown  not amused!!
Right now I fully feel like it's not worth it 
Right now I have ~50 new books, ~15 in a &quot;shortlist&quot; to read -- but the books I *want* to read I had to return to the library this week. 
right now im eating doritoes and learning songs, lol...man i want to be a famous guitarist.  but im young only 12 and a half ;[
right now im emaiing nick and selena sels leaving tomorrow ill miss u sel 
Right now i'm feeling super bad for gunz 
right now I'm hating life because I need to hand this in and so much small stuff is going wrong. 
Right now I'm hating men. Unless they're  sweet. I'm starting to wonder if there are any more good guys out there. 
Right now i'm reading William Gibson's &quot;Neuromancer&quot;, but I really want to go get Guillermo Del Toro's &quot;The Strain&quot;but i'm POOR til Wed. 
right now thats not an option......$$$$ always $$$$  oh well at least Matthias had a good day today
Right now, &quot;Ow my ass&quot; is sadly not metaphorical.  
Right now, I am seriously craving ice cream. I am trying hard to resist the urge. REALLY trying hard 
Right now, putting aloe on my sunburn feels like I'm pouring rubbing alcohol on an open wound the size of my shoulders. OWWW!! 
Right now... Everything hurts. I'm pretty upset  ugh! I don't want to be overly emotional but i need to vent i suppose. I feel as if i ...
Right off to Topman to aquire more shorts for sun and for working at Topshop. It's just too hot to be working in skinny jeans now 
Right on cue the helicoptors start going over my house on the way to Silverstone  8 on the dot
Right on cue... Heartburn. With no Gaviscon = a very bad night ahead for me 
right on with work  cant concentrate at all today, again)
right seriously need to get back to revision now.  bye for now!
right so far with my evaluation, i've done just the inventory part, 1 down 3 to goo. 
Right that is finished now, going to do some work  PLEASE do some work!
Right then, 1gb left on my 'photo' drive - guess i'll be shopping for that 1tb hdd sooner than I thought. no photos till then!  #fb
Right time for bed. Alarm set for 6. Cat will prob get me up at 5 
right time to go to the ortho. Fun times. getting the flamin' retainer 
Right tweeps i'm off to work at the shopping centre in the glorious sunshine  feeling jealous of @bellarina1983 ! Laters taters
Right tweeps, might be time to hit the sack. Work tomorrow 
right well enough time in the virtual world, housework to be donw 
right well i need to be up in 1 hour 48 minutes, i want to carry on coding but i need to sleep  night tweeps
right when i post that it turns 11:12  llollll
Right when I was about to click download for McAfee my internet browser closed.  http://ff.im/3wDTN
Right who did it who pinched the sunshine  it's even cold not so much as warm oh well will get more done I guess.....
Right, back to the reports I go  I've let myself be distracted enough  xx ♫ http://blip.fm/~8khuw
Right, better get dressed.Tweeting loads and no new followers. Follower me if you feel bad for me 
Right, do I see Katy Perry or The Killers if the situation is I can only see one. 
right, finished work (or think i have). bed soon, another early start for me 
Right, gonna go to bed ready for the final show of the Tour!  Tweet about it tomorrow guys! X
Right, hangover almost conquered - means I have to study then ! 
Right, lists done but now no time left to tweet them  School run, BFN
Right, off to bed!... Busiest day of the week at work tomor.... oops!... make that today!... Grrrrrrrrrrr! Insomnia is my nae my friend! 
Right, seen bunny and he's still in a mood  he's not my biggest fan. Off to have a shower then off for lunch and drinkies!
right, so about my dream. i was marrying nick jonas. then rita decided to come along and ruin everything by marrying joe on the same day 
right, so richard marx's right here waiting is really making me feel nauseatingly sad. 
Right, weekend almost over. Time for me to stop working. Towel thrown in. This electronic poltergeist has defeated me. 
Right.  Time to go out and spend money I don't want to on new earphones since my left bud died this morning 
Right. Time to get up and moving. Serves me right for computeribg till 3  Need to get front tyre changed - been dodgy for a few weeks!!
right.. still haven't revised!  lets do this bitch now!
right... lol j/k j/k. im watching people kick ass in some game. im going to lose in the first round 
right... taking myself off to bed... damn this hayfever!!!  Red noses are only acceptable in the summer when they are sunburnt!
right... time for a swim... been up since 5am though 
Righteous Kill @mikeg5150 1 word, no 2 words actually to describe this film: SHALLOW and way too PREDICTABLE. 
Righto big day today. Got a todo list that is so long I can't see the end of it! Let's start with this asset audit. Counting is fun 
righttt me twitter picture just doesnt want too upload 
rightttt, setting off to work now  booooooo!!!! It's so sunny and lovely out and I'm cooped up in an office all day! rubissshhhhh!!
Righty-ho then.  The M60 and M62 beckon me to work   Have a good day everyone.
Riley Bear is 3 years old today  I hate that he's getting older 
Riley had an alphabet fashion show today and I forgot my camera.  It was so cute!
RIM has no love for mac users 
oh poor rosie  her stomach is sooo loud. that's what happens when she eats grass. i can't imagine how that isn't painful either 
Oh PW, you done me wrong. The signing time in ur children's article are all wrong...and no Neil Gaiman?! You tease me.  #bea
oh rainy morning... 
Oh rats...wont show how many replies 2 me. 
Oh really don't wanna be awake 
oh revision dulling. 
Oh right forgot workstation hard drive is still dead 
Oh right... Dairy hurts the tummy 
oh rly?  aw   i saw commercials for it and he does kinda seem to be a bit of a douche
oh sad - now i have almost 500 followers 
oh sad. Am I on here alone now? All of my friends hate me for talking about baking vegitables 
Oh sadness awaits for me always. 
oh sausages! my plans have all been turned upside down 
Oh Seattle... I miss your coffee. Coffee in the midwest is awful.  The best part of waking up is definitely NOT folgers in my cup.
OH SH*T KCOLE JUST BROUGHT TUPAC OUT...just kidding  (RIP...we miss u pac)
oh shht... my pinky's kinda swollen and bruised AGAIN  probably from bowling today. ouch.
oh shit ...I want to go dancing  in the upside I cant recall the last time my body has felt so relaxed and satisfied~due to touch &amp; breath
oh shit BILL!! why you hotter when pissed off?  -Angie
Oh shit I love and hate this song all at the same time 
Oh shit I thought college was just fun... Studying for midterms 
oh shit im nervoous! 
Oh shit I'm that douche that tweets during band sets   but I don't know them nor do I like them  srry
oh shit it's fathers day, I forgot. good thing I dont have a father anymore 
oh shit its one of THOSE nights........no please no......oh shit too late its one of those 
oh shit- just found out rent is going up to $490      
Oh shit my son Magoo is in my ben because if dont feel good so on sleep for me. 
oh shit when the hell am i gonna get my stuff at @AzuraErizal's house? i'm not even sure i have the time  yikes
Oh shit! @Miss__Anne has made me sick  oh well, i only gotta study. Bleh
Oh shit! I seriously doubt that I can see Transformers 2 this saturday. 
RIP - Canon A570IS.  It's officially dead 
Rip &quot;Bennie k Powell&quot; i will miss ya dearly!!! 
RIP @leyeaaah 's dog Draco.  We shall see you at the skylines.
RIP @therealsuri  You will be missed.
RIP 50&quot; Sony 1080p HDTV 
RIP Adam Cook 
Rip Andy winkler... We'll all miss u so much 
RIP Arlene Mcgrath, I miss you so much xoxo 
RIP Attack Attack!  MTV headbangersball? really? and now you are inside the &quot;goth&quot; genre, wow, I'll still be seein you at @warped09 :/
RIP Aunt Marge. She was 103 years old. and the true meaning of life. 
RIP beloved toe ring I've worn for the last dozen years. 
RIP Boško Radišić (Space Eater)  http://www.myspace.com/spaceeaterthrash
RIP brother Ceci. 
RIP Cacey Jay ... this really is the week that wasn't kidding 
rip car 
RIP CARL. Well miss your company  he was def the best janitor ever!       R.R!
RIP Chipolatteeeee  Why did Carion go please. Tomorow better be good shit 
RIP Corey  
RIP costco grill  thx for returning it though! costco FTW
RIP Crystal Crawford! Wishin I was going today to say goodbye 
RIP David Carradine   This guy defined cool... he will be missed.
Rip David carradine  someone finally killed bill.
RIP David Carradine.   I loved Kung Fu when I was a kid.  Such a sad &amp; lonely way to kill oneself.    Hari Krishna, Dude.
RIP David Carradine. Sad day 
RIP David Carradine...u will b greatly missed by us all 
Rip david cooks brother 
RIP David Cook's brother. 
RIP Dennis McDonough - he fought a valient fight againt chronic, progressive MS for over 20 years.  You'll be missed, Denny! 
RIP Desiree 
RIP Dixie.  Youll be missed.
RIP Dr. George Tiller. The world just lost an incredible person, and incredible advocate for women's rights. 
RIP Ed McMahon   You were a class act and I am glad that I was lucky enough to work with you...
RIP Ed McMahon - WWE won't be the came without you. 
RIP ED McMahon You will be missed.  Labor Day wont be the same  
RIP Emma Jo, our family pet passed today 
RIP farah fawcett.  now you can officially be Charlie's angel.
RIP Farrah  what a shame.  I may feather my hair tonight in your honor.
RIP Farrah Fawcett  So sad, she seemed so sweet....
rip farrah fawcett she was such an amazing woman, I'll be praying for her family 
RIP Farrah Fawcett Your poster will still continue to be epic 
RIP Farrah Fawcett!  Cancer has taken another amazing Angel   Peace be with you now!
RIP Farrah Fawcett! This is so sad 
RIP Farrah Fawcett.  I hate to see what entertainment news outlets will do now, they were practically dancing on her grave already.
RIP Farrah Fawcett.  Two icons from my youth gone this week. Very sad.
RIP Farrah Fawcett. The world has lost such a beautiful woman today. 
RIP Farrah Fawcett...that's really sad.  
RIP Farrah, you were a true Angel.  
RIP Farrah. 62 is no age 
RIP Farrah. She lost her battle to cancer. PLEASE don't take life for granted or people. We belong to our creator not one another. 
RIP Farrah. You'll be missed! 
RIP Farrah...u will be missed 
RIP Gary Papa  Philly loves you! http://tinyurl.com/l84jz4
RIP Georgia Theater   part of our music video for the song &quot;TORCH&quot; was shot at that venue..it will be missed and mourned
RIP Gillybob and Frieda, you guys were good companions. No other fish would've understood me as well as you guys have. 
RIP grandma love you so much  ! 
RIP Grandma Mundy 
RIP granny  and i work today 
RIP haley... 
RIP Hanna Beth we will always love you   &lt;333
RIP Hi &amp; Bye Market  you will be missed.
RIP iPod (the Chow-Chow). Sucks. He really was the cutest one Tigger gave birth to.. 
RIP Irv Homer.  Man, what a rough week for Philly-connected media personalities. (We also lost Gary Papa and Ed McMahon.)
RIP JG Ballard  Crash has stayed with me for years.
RIP Jill Monroe. 
RIP jon &amp; kates marriage and the likelyhood that their kids will turn out normal 
RIP Josh ward 
RIP Kodachrome - Mama took you away 
RIP Kwai Chang Caine. You will be missed. 
RIP Kwai Chang Kain   Suicide my a$$... who hangs himself by his genitals?!!
RIP laptop  no more computer for meee
RIP Lebron vs. Kobe puppet commercials...you're forever in my heart  *one lonely tear*
RIP little mouse. I'm sure your family will miss you buddy 
RIP little squirrel. I succeeded in not hitting you but the person behind me didn't care. I cried for you. I'm sorry. 
RIP Maj. Steven Hutchison  Fallen soldiers dog gets a ticket out of Iraq  http://bit.ly/dd2XS via @addthis
RIP Miss Kitty     (cat from the Closer)
RIP Mr Hamburger... We've lost a good man, hope hes familys ok 
RIP Mr. McMahon  
RIP my 2nd generation iPod   You lasted a LONG time. Thank you. Can't afford a new one. I'll just go back to the DiscMan!
RIP My 360 
RIP my beautiful little canary, Romeo. 
RIP my doggy Plunger  You were the best dog ever 
rip my great gran, im sorry i never told you before but i love you, rip. 
RIP Najib.. We love you.. Poor sister lost the love of her life 
RIP North Shore. So close...yet soooo far 
rip off d&amp;b from '04/'05/'06 + add rave era piano-stab + put over house beat = hit electro single! LOL!  rinse, repea...oh shit.  
RIP Omar Edwards - Killed by friendly fire in NYC   http://bit.ly/jrM6v
RIP Page I will Miss you Thoughts and payers to your Family!! You were truely one of the spunkiest people I know!!Love you!!   !
RIP passengers/crew of AirFrance 447    http://bit.ly/NhsrD
RIP patty the hamster  She's gone to glory....
RIP Peaches. 
RIP Peter Zezel Toronto Hockey Player. You will be missed!!  
RIP pink house   http://twitpic.com/6ee88
RIP Prof Phillips  I wish I had the chance to actually take your class.
RIP raccoon I just killed 
RIP Riley  you were a great cat
RIP Robert M�ller, you were a true inspiration  http://snipurl.com/robmuller
RIP Skip. we all love you.  CV won't be the same without you.
Rip susie q my dog. I went out of town a few weekends ago when she died.  rip susie q... Miss you sweetie.
RIP SWells &quot;My Vitriol are shit. They suck shit out of dead cows arses and swallow it&quot; (Swells in NME 2001) says it all for me. very sad 
RIP TEANY       http://bit.ly/4ERY6 That was my favorite tea shop in NYC
RIP the Iranian woman who was gunned down in the protests #iranelection so very sad 
RIP third macbook power adapter 
RIP to the 228 
RIP to the 35 children who died in the  fire in the Mexican day care center. 
RIp to the four people who lost their lives... my thoughts and prayers go out to their families 
RIP to the Georgia Theatre ... sad day in Athens!   #fb
RIP to the original Charlies Angel Farrah Fawcett 
RIP Tobi, you will be terribly missed  http://tinyurl.com/ca8mx3
RIP Trent Reznor.  
RIP Uncle Keith  Two Uncles in one week. They say everything happens in threes... Anyway, how is everyone?
RIP West U bally's 
RIP WHATABURGER. Last triple meat and triple cheese with bacon. We will miss you 
RIP Wobbly Bob Dec 2004 - May 2009 
Ripley hurt himself again. Hope it's only a bumped front leg... 
Ripley is missing Sarah  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/540402
Ripped my shorts in the crotch, accidentally took all the Air Race pics in small resolution=pissed fiance, and my face is puffy from sun. 
Ripped my shorts playing street hockey 
ripped switcheasy colors 
Ripping out the bathroom on hotest day yr! D'uh! And the job is bigger than we thought  D'uh!
rise &amp; shine, seems the second element is missing  anyways, gonna be a jampacked day today.
Rise and shiiiiine! ...only, it's not shining.... It's raining 
Oh boy! I have non-paying buyer    So, sadddddd.
Oh boy, here comes the Dbacks bullpen 
Oh boy, I spent but just 6 hours in jersey city and I got home feeling sick. I have convertion to go to on Monday and must get well fast 
Oh boy. Another long day awaits. Work--then dentist!! Somebody save me  http://myloc.me/417Z
Oh boy. Did not sleep well. Or at all in fact  gonna be a long day!
oh' brother wornn thee Fuckkk Out  but all worthh ;) waitin'ggg for baby dadddy' too wakee up :-*
oh btw did i mention todays last day of middle school?  goodbye grade 9 hello grade 10... I DONT WANNA GOO! 
Oh btw if anyone here feels like giving me some iphone tech assistance... all my twitter apps crash on startup  #localgovcamp
Oh buggar.  Looks like I've done my knee in. Off to hospital some time soon so they can have a poke around. 
oh bugger, monday and its 7.00 
oh by the way i didn't get prototype. we had 2 come home 
oh california, i wish i didn't have an interview on the day I was supposed to leave. 
oh can you believe it's sunday night again!! up and at em tomorrow - getting observed teaching numeracy  boooooooo.
Oh chuck palahniuk. You tricked me into a false ending of your book. 
oh clever holmes. put yrself in a shitty mood why don't you. 
Oh come ON storms, LET ER RIP! They keep fizzling before they get REALLY good. I wanna hear it make the house hum!  storms dun like me
oh come on, novak. you broke my heart. 3rd round exit?  here's to nadal and federer then.
Oh come on. My Firefox has frozen, while Felicia Day is playing with a lightsabre! I can hear it but can't see it. 
Oh computer, computer, why do you refuse to boot for me?  http://myloc.me/26Jp
rise up rise up (8)!, reminds me of turkey  X
Rite gonna try and do some of this much dreaded essay! Good times not! 
Rite i dont have a lift in2 town 2nite so im gona be £8 down b4 i even have my 1st drink 
rite now i am studying for my midterm for my sport n a changing society class.....ughhhh boring 
Rite now I can tweet but I can't see your tweets 
Rite now missing @djpartyardy cuz I need to hear 'cuz ya hot then ya cold' 
RL working now     run a yard sale in Second Life though .. GREATto do !!!
RLFans Catalans v Wire - FREE LEGAL STREAMING: RB: Couldn't get it on my Mac.  http://tinyurl.com/mbjjmt
Oh shit!!! Border patrol is at magruder!!!! Its been nice u guys. 
Oh shit, I just realized @PoonStabby is gone. His updates cracked me up. 
oh shit. the power just went out. i do not think the storm moved south and east  am actually getting worried about this tornado warning 
oh shit.. my iphone twitterific still doesn´t work after the update...  
Oh shit... Air France plane crash is confirmed  Damn sad! http://bit.ly/XBB1v
Oh shit... I just ate chocolate that wasn't... good anymore. 
oh shitttttttttttttt it's sinking in that im going to see FOB. fuck yeah! (even though im still very sad i missed BND  )
Oh shooot! I am going 08:00 tomorrow to mah job  god save me lol! what a summer holiday! xD haha, I need to go to bed then.. GOOD NIGHT!
Oh shoot, OOOUUUCCCHHH just hit my broken nose  ouuuuuch i have a nose bleed now.. What was that i was saying about sudden lava outbursts?
Oh shoot...I just realized all too late...how can I go to church if my car's in the shop? 
oh shoot..I can't sleep on my tummy tonight  lameee.
Oh shoulda said requested by: Coffee by Trina Shampoo by roger Park by jane Shave by my mum  I know...sad... But meh my own fault
Oh shucks!! today is tuesday...still 3 more days to go for the weewk end 
Oh Slacker, why do you tease me so?  I've got coverage, but you don't want to play.  Sounds like CD skipping   I forgive you though.
Oh sleep where are you 
Oh snap!  Just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades.  
Oh snap!!! Ahhhhhhhhhh I think I'm getting sick  n I know who 2 blame!!!
oh snap, my grandfather died i'm so so sad    
oh snap, why did i go and wear short skirt today, now im suffering from legfreeze 
Oh snap. 4 am. I should be out partying yet!  Oh well I'mma watch Transformers &amp; go to bed. It always put me to sleep! lol.
Oh snap...I didn't know Farah Fawcett died today!  http://snipr.com/kv5yg
Oh so board!!  didn't know that we really weren't going 2 race and it is just hitting me! I love the races and can't believe i'm not goin!
oh so bored. im just doing another current event for geography. ugh 
Rlly pissed that utsa fucked up my comp more than helping it. Can't facebook all class period now 
rly bord 
rly wanna go 2nd miley date but its all sold out  cos im not going away now cos jess is working all christmas
RNY Maintenance sucks ass.....i feel like i am swimming upstream lately 
Road sign on Chain Bridge road right before George Washington Parkway was hacked to read&quot; HONK IF UR HORNY&quot; pouring rain = no pic 
road to Spirit Lake closed due to rock slide and possible wash out  
road trip is off 
Road trip to florida with my six... Been driving for 5 hrs in pouring rain!  Stopping for the night. 13 hrs left to drive 
road trip was awesome! i miss seeing @wild__fire 's face 
roadkill breaks my heart  ...poor animals
roadtrip! oh wait, destination: Winston-Salem. 
Roar! Definitely wanted to be at that party last night. So sad I wasn't 
Roast beef lunch - training going well 
ROB AYTON IS WORKING 7 - 10 ish 
Rob D - Re: Castelvania SOTN, they just don't make music like this for games anymore  enjoy the &quot;Dance of Pales&quot; ♫ http://blip.fm/~8h8ub3
Rob D - Regarding Castelvania SOTN, they just don't make music like this for games anymore  enjoy the &quot;Dance of Pales&quot;
rob isnt sitting next to kris  i think shes a few seats down
Rob looks sad to leave LA 
Rob Lowe just busted 
Rob Williams is anchored/docked at  work  http://bit.ly/1PsOZ8
Rob you just landed and we just got to the airport!! UGH!!! We missed each other I can't believe it!!  I Love you Rob!!!
Rob.. ooooh... nothing.. he isn't here 
Robbie is nursing his sore tail  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5836577
Robert Pattinson was hit my a cab in new York city    ...he's ok though
Roberta jus left for work  which means i'm sad. &amp; Shelbs is knocked out in my bed so, Doin 10 years worth of laundry and cleanin my room.
robertjmiller in Colorado: The rain/hail in Fort Collins is preventing me from mountain biking this afternoon  http://tinyurl.com/kulwud
Roberts leaving  hope you have a good time miss ya already have a fun and safe trip
Robin Hood ep 12 still not up on youtube yet. 
robin hood is so sad, i think i will cry ! 
Robin Hood was well sad  I even had a little cry. X
Robots are the shit! And ow my sun burn hurts 
ROBSTEN Rob and Kristen were eventually joined by some more people who looked like they wanted to separate them sitting between them 
Robyn's party was fun! Missed you this morning Cierra 
Rochak is working on face recognition algo...it not that easy 
roche 10-3 then last day at base 3-6. dont know how i feel about it ending. ill kinda miss those rugrats 
Rochelle left to Disneyland yesterday at school  I think I had a heartattack when I couldn't find her at lunch. I totally had a tantrum 
Rock Band 2 fake plastic instruments take up so much room; can't find space for real instruments anymore 
Rock band is over at my house until further notice. my bass pedal finally took a shit 
Rock hack legend Swells dies  http://bit.ly/43z8q (via @michaeldeacon)
rocked!!!!  I now have a leaky shower though.  
Rocket Riot &amp; Magic works. But the Download of Sam &amp; Max still doesn't work 
Rockies just won their 14th game out of their last 15! The only loss was the game I was at on Tuesday 
rockies lose 
Oh so restless. 
oh so stressed 
oh so the &quot;Legend Of Zelda&quot; movie was an April Fool's joke?  I was excited!
oh so tired toady ......im gunan miss those kids 
Oh so tired. Am I gonna get scolded on my first day if I'm late? 
oh so tired. but hello Monday! ugh 
Oh so tired.. and it's only Thursday... 
Oh so tired.. I can't for my pillow and blanket..work at 8 yuck 
Oh soooo much rain!!!! Will NYC ever see a blue sky again and will we ever have a summer cuz I really like summer, I miss it 
oh sorry 36C i was cleaning the kitchen... now im a my mother n laws house bout to eat dinner!  &amp; i forgot to make ur guac and pico. 
Oh sorry...i'm doing race for life on sunday afternoon with my 11yr old. We've found it hard jogging in the glorious sunshine   x
oh SOS. i do miss you playing continuesly in susans car with it jammed pack and us all singing along  and the windows down..not a care.
oh space jam. &quot;but mommy i dont wanna go to school today...i wanna stay home and make cookies with youuu.&quot; lmao. i wish i could play sims 
Oh Spankie, I think it's because your updates are private.  
Oh Spencer, don't make me cry AGAIN... 
Oh starbucks, I wanted a mocha and you made me a white mocha. 
oh summer come quickly 
Oh Summit your UNACCEPTABLE...having #Rob pay for his own security...wow that's kinda low guys...he makes you all this money..not right 
Oh sunshine, where have you gone...? 
oh sure. NO sooner do I post my blog about my dead computer, than one of my best friends posts that one of his friends died. 
Oh sweet DrPepper, how you made me feel refreshed just now. Until I drop'd the last of you all over my floor. I shall miss you my friend. 
oh sweet geezus!! i missed my dental appt today!!  that's what sucks about not knowing what day it is... lol
oh tabi...it�s so bowring without you...  (from miri)
Oh Tat, come on stop to joke!I don't think i'll have The united states, what a pity   I'll like but so....Still waiting my fishes
oh thank god. if i calculated this correctly, i can still gets Cs in all my classes and graduate. please give me a C, biz cap professor. 
Oh thank heaven for 7 11! Too bad the coffee stinks today here by the Bay Shore lirr station 
Oh thank the Lord I'm done my paper! I am beyond tired and I still got a long day ahead of me 
Oh thanks @lavjonas @ana_leal man, i kinda feel disappointed  lol. But ok
Oh thanks duur @MyroneTadrid 
OH THANKS I AM GHOST You didn't post my picture, that's hurts my feelings. 
Oh that sucks. Not everyone can see my emoticons. 
Oh that was a lame one 
Oh thats heart breaking. A female cardinal just smashed into the window and fell. I think its dying 
Oh thats so sad! 
oh the ad has actually made me dislike aay again. Over played too much. 
Oh the apprentice final!!! Wish debra and lorraine was in the final 
Oh the cutest picture of Lamar on his site today. Miss the Lakers 
Oh the heartbreak.. Good enough mother tried.. she really, REALLY did  http://bit.ly/GRKjU
Oh the joys of the Walmart lines in south OKC 
Oh the life of a #headfi 'r.. one pair of cans are gone, only for me to lust after another. http://is.gd/LQvU, these costing $125 more. 
Oh the sweltering heat.../me is dead! 
oh the utter hypocrisy in killing george tiller for being an abortion provider. extremists are bad 
oh they didnt say you looked like any girls?  I miss the Toria 
oh this isn't helping at all 
Oh Tweetie, how I miss you 
Oh Twitter how I have neglected you 
oh twitter! i havent been on in ages 
Oh unexpected call in to work!  I was looking forward to doing nothing.
Oh UNi klinick K�ln how do I love thee. Must wait and wait and wait and then they tell me they have lost something. I'm 94 now serving 83 
oh usher, i enjoy that you're on moesha. but now the episode is over 
Oh wait i just realized i dont get every ones twits on my phone. .  sorry
Oh wait, I just got audibled on that one... 
Oh wait. @UltraDowney isn't here 
Oh wait. It's Mother's Day and they're not open. 
oh wait... i did break something...  the last.fm plugin...  
oh wait...I'm suppose to hang with my mom...i guess i'll have to go another time 
Oh well 
Oh well- guess I will be taking that exam again in 30 days- ran out of time - 
oh well now i am not in a reading mood i really wanted 2 watch that movie 
oh well thats not cool 
oh well wishing wont make any difference I'm off to iron uniforms for school tomorrow 
oh well, i guess ill just watch audrey instead...  but i love marilyn more!! haha. oh i wish i was born in the 50's 
Oh well, its your perrogative whether to believe me or not so ok then fair enough  xx
Oh well, looks like the great British summer has ended for another year 
Oh well. Forget the phone. It's time to get back to the real world and back to cleaning the house 
oh well. no new phone til tomorrow 
oh well..... It was a mistake to think that I could get out of the office at 4pm each day       It'll never happen.
Oh well....I tried. 
Oh well...we're off to a company picnic.  In the thunderstorms.  Why the organizers didn't cancel I don't know, but Sharon HAS to go.  
oh what a boring afternoon 
Oh what a day it has been! Stress and thinking about the future is making me sad! 
oh what a day! went for a nice swim feels nice with this 92 degree weather! I hate hot humid weather! 
Oh what a horrible morning, oh what a horrible day, I've got a horrible feeling, everyone gets in my way 
Oh what a let down, I was all ready to watch the Lakers &amp; didn't know the game was tomorrow. 
Oh what a muddy mess. 
oh what a weekend but once you reach your highs you always come back down with a thump! 
Oh what! My tutor place is being shutdwn? Now I have to go some place in DB! MotherEFFER  who's going to the lakers parade?!
Oh WHAT? That was quite possibly the shittest ending to a series ever. Trying to sum up the planned remaining story arc in two minutes? 
oh when will #gfail end? been on HTML version all day 
Oh whoops! Make that 6 days before. My vacation starts. 
Oh why do docs give you appointments? You never actually see anyone on time 
Oh why do I keep stumbling about deathfic WITHOUT WARNINGS. do not want 
Oh why is there always less time than tasks? 
oh why oh why is the WUG down?  
Oh why, why, why is this so hard all the time!... I do but then I am like well...It's so confusing but I want it so badly! Grr! 
Oh will this nightmare that is this day ever end? I need a new scene. 
oh woah, sharp pain at my right temple. uggghh, headachee 
Oh woe. My head is hurting like you wouldn't believe. I think my brain is trying to escape through my temple 
Oh wonderful. My dress smells of cat musk. 
Oh work. Jack isn't gonna make it through the night. Tears and ice cream and I'm still sad. 
oh worse, guys on crane related to film crew  at least that means they were prolly looking the other way while I was naked.
OH WOW FAIL. My thoughts are with all those of the Air France flight and their families 
Oh wow thanks ass hole! I just want my hairline to be farther back just a little bit 
Rockin out some &quot;Neun und Neunzig Luftballons&quot; at work. Everyone's impressed that I can sing most of it in German. Used to know all of it 
rocking out to @ifightdragons ... at home  ... next time dragons... next time...
Rocking out to Mcfly...alone while getting ready! Wish I was with@lizzardbreath7 and her mom 
Rocking Seth in the nursery...  he has been crying with an ear ache. I hate when I can't make him all better with a lullaby and a kiss
Rocking the qwt girl sloppy pony...I need to get my hair done.  I have never worn so many ponies in 2 weeks 
Rocknroll, how I love you so! Wish I was at home with my guitar right now... 
Rockworld last night was awesome but lost my lovely tattoo necklace  Can't wait for Rocktober 13th!
Rod stewart's new song 
rode 28.4 miles on the mountain bike.  Now doing laundry  
Rode 88.72 kilometers in 4 hours and 5 mins and felt alright. This idea idea of having a tailwind home, yeah, it's bullshit. OUCHY 
Rode bike to work along Taff Trail for the first time in 6 months  Birds singing, fish jumping  Pollen count sky high. Arrgh!
Oh wow what a gaw awful joke I was tryin to say earlier... Way to ruin a joke  sounded better in my nogg-out!!!
Oh wow! You guys went wild requesting the acrylics for a vid. Poo! I just did them  Next time I do them I'll do a vid for sure!
Oh wow, I am having a shitty wednesday and a shittier thursday. I just found out that Dax can't come visit from California. 
oh wow.  what a terrible night of sleep 
oh wow. weather channel says that in the Dominican Republic it's 86�F but it feels like it's 96�F. it's......HOT. 
oh wtf @ house. NOT COOL. 
oh wtf. i'm not excited about mcfly anymore? or any of the other gigs. shit fuck. wtf 
oh WTH! miami's weather is crazy! will i still be able to go? 
oh ya ... anyway today I was picking the charry tree &amp; I allmost fell off xD then my cousin came &amp; now.. I should go to study  uggh  SOS
oh ya this mornig on the bus when we were going to knotts, I was cracking up and swallowed my gun and I was chocking 
Oh yah, lil mama got a nice room ... And no one to share it with 
oh yah, my beloved mechanical pencil who had accompanied for years...has officially retired 
oh yay! it looks like half of northern austria is going to be flooded when i'm down there. no sailing for at least a week  #linz
Oh yay...stuck in the denver airport for next 3 hours. 
oh yea am waiting for my brother and sis inlaw to email and send me pic of my necsie.so far he hasn't 
oh yea ummm 18 more days till i get out of here!! whoooo...damn got a long way to go 
Oh yea working hard today...  So bored 
oh yea, and im not missing the cudi and asher roth show. so de la, cudi, andd asher roth. everything else...just gotta sacrifice 
oh yea, I accidentally put my hand down on a hotplate today during chem lab.  FAIL got a couple little blisters on my fingers.
oh yea, roomies just went to Paris and Switcherland.. the house is gonna be empty 
Oh yeah and I'm lonely 
oh yeah and my UCD test sucked so bad just now i could was considered to jump off the 8th floor rather than take a lift down 
oh yeah got a swim meet reaganz gona beat me i know it!  lolz
Oh yeah! After she regains her memory they all hug and thats the last episode ever! 
Rode river circuit, asthma hit hard :O Too wet to mow  Amazed or amused that W/pac cr limit raised, celebrated with Coles' shop, etc. ;)
Rodney Harrison is retiring. Poor Patriots. 
rodrigoooo no estes tristeee! 
ROFL someone sampled Tay Zonday's Chocolate Rain for a nissan ad... Move my mouth so I can breathe in haha... Its just the intsrumental 
ROFL. XD My whole family does, except for my little brother. I think that's even lamer that we resort to internet shopping than RL. 
Rofls, but yeah I hated the Da Vinci Code.
Roger Federer beat Robin Söderling in the French Open Final  Makes me remembering BjörnBorg,MatsWillander,StefanEdberg,det var tider det!
Rogers won't enable tethering for me till the 19th  oh well.
rolled 1 (of 100) on Plans: Indestructible Plate Girdle. 
Rolled my ankle at work last night. Don't know how well I'm going to do with training now.  http://dailymile.com/e/zHX
rolled my ankle tonight.  
oh yeah, &amp; the day I got her back, her tape deck broke. **facepalm**  No more ipod for me. 
Oh yeah, and I have a Biology exam tomorrow which makes me want to just bury myself here. 
oh yeah, does anyone want to go to millenia/ikea with me tomorrow? i don't wanna go solo 
oh yeah, I got a new phone! the LG envy touch it's no iPhone  but I like it
oh yeah, i miss the days when i was carded while buying alcohol at safeway.  wtf?  do i look _that_ old? 
Oh yeah, MY LAPTOP IS FIXED. Shame my internet is still shit and slow. 
Oh yeah, pray for sammi! Shes not going to make it past the summer 
Oh yeah, this is why I don't like waking up early.  Around mid-day I get all tired.  
Oh yeah.  Teething.  
oh yeah. and sad my friends broke down on the way home 
oh yeah. i saw some of the most beautiful moths last night. i saved some from the well water, but others weren't so fortunate 
Oh yeah. Lacrosse score. 4-0 Wildcats  scorless until second half though.
Oh yeah.... bad news of the night, one of the waitresses I knew died in a horrific jet ski accident...very sad, life is short 
Oh yeah.........off to Haarlem! (damn I'm burned  )
Oh yeah...I did it.  Now, why am I not getting other people's updates??? 
rollies and green tea, joe joes moving out tomorrow 
Rolling my ankle in soccer last night = cast and can't walk today 
Rolling out of bed 
Romane, i miss you  
Romanian banking services- BRD did it again   http://tinyurl.com/dcggd9
Romantic date night canceled  not a fun Saturday.
Romantic weekend just came to an end. Sir has left for work. 
Romeo and Juliet were very much in love when they were wed. They honored their vows, and where are they now? they're dead. 
Romeo is sick  he needs to go in for a fixing!
Romina is not in my house anymore 
ROMY &amp; MICHELLES HIGH SCHOOL REUNION! YAAYAYAA but daaaaaaamn i have to go to work       
ronaldo gone to real  traitor  united need to sign new players soon otherwise we ain gunna win jack.
Ronica is a sippy-cup-assembling failure.  Thank goodness the couch is leather-type stuff.
Ronnie is sick, so I had to go to meeting by myself.   Went in service after meeting with Jessica and son in law and some more people.
Rooby has a bit of a bug in her belly. She doesn't understand why we aren't going to the park tonight. Don't want it getting worse. 
Room is 'clean' ... Heading to bed ... Window washers arrive at 830am tomorrow  so much for sleeping in on my day off  nite y'all!
Room is empty  I'm going to sort of miss it a little bit but not a lot because... well... you're not meant to like halls...
room looking all pretty with a new colour..wow my summer allergies suck, can barely breath 
room spick and span  seeing eminems music video lol, bringing me back canadian memories of Thomas 
Oh Yes!  Got a bargain on a Flexifoil 2.5m power kite   Only worry now, is that I bid on another one by mistake  I don't need two!
oh yes... i'm not a JoBRo fan... and am not also a Miley fan... i just like the song... it's very relatable 
Oh yesh. It's just an unnecessary hassle, the O2 shop wouldn't swap it for some stupid reason 
Oh yesss, ;) I freakin' wish I was there! You guys are all having a scallywaggin' time without me, 
Oh yus played a bit of Fallout 3, although the atmosphere isn't quite the same with an ear crushing airconditioner running nearby 
Oh Zachary Quinto, why must you be gay?  We could have beautiful babies together, kk. 
Oh!  I feel so bad for @perezhilton.  I just saw his video.  He looks so sad.   I wanna give him a hug.
oh!  my brain hurt. 
Oh! Also, I want to give you guys an update on my video camera. So far, not so good. It's STILL broken 
Oh! And I heard another band today that I like! But I forget who. 
Oh! And I'm super sad that the next time I come to this apt., I am going to be completely alone.  
Oh! bad twitter!! &gt; I cant see my profile picture! 
Root canals are not fun 
Root filling without anaesthetic - not a pleasant experience. Wish I was a masochist until my tooth is fixed - I risk to fix the dentist! 
Rooting Roger Fed to his 1st French Open..Btw,i've got my head phones on..and i swear im hearing white noise 
Rorris has already left, proper sad 
Rorschach's last scene always makes me sad.   http://twurl.nl/yyvu5k
Rosalie a coupé les cheveux de Penelope snif   Yes she did it !
Rosalind, why do you sign these contracts saying you'll start work at 6:30 and 7 on weekends?! Oh right, you're poor and need money 
Roscoe blog: i just ate half of a hot pocket. i know i shouldn't have done it but i couldn't help it, smelled so good. i'm so sorry! 
rose parade fun.greek wrap delicious.now finals to study for 
Rosie hen, whit's happened, you've turned against me 
Rosio sorry but with the jose we never finish ours 
Ross got his iphone, while mine is still chillin in fort worth tx 
Rotary Fest is flooded.          http://twitpic.com/7ty8c     http://twitpic.com/7ty93
Rough AM tweeps. I have about 12 minutes to pull it together to start the show. Good try by the Horns last night. Can't all be winners 
Rough day today. Going to take a night off of work and work on some personal projects and snuggle up with a movie and hubby 
rough day...and more days like that to come...o hell 
ROUGH DRAFT (Full Version) - Greenish-Yellow Weirdo Theme. http://twitpic.com/6vaw6/full Need to make all blacks the same still. 
Rough game last night, bruised and sore for my run today 
Rough housin with my dog.. she made my hand bleed.  still my best pup tho!
Rough morning at the animal shelter: Jenny and Jenga got in a fight- Jenga need stitches. 
Rough Night.  in New York, NY http://loopt.us/3iw0zA.t
Rough nite to sleep last nite. Feels like I didn't get n e at all. Busy day today 
rough weekend! 
rough workout. and then ate a rough sub... 
Rough???? just a tad 
Roughing it the next two days. 
Round 2 of catching up with work 
Round 2 of coffee today, this time it's iced. And I must admit, it doesn't taste so good 
Round 2 of shooting with show mag and I'm late and super tired 
Round 2. Pasta. Lots more water. Can't go wrong? . . . Can I? I've already farked up one pot. Can't tweet, watching like a hawk! 
Route 666 episode.  This title always makes me laugh.  I grew up not too far from Highway 666.  Made me sad when they renamed it  
Routine went well, but wish I didn't have tleave so early... 
Rove how could yu get married! You where ment to marry Me! &lt;/3 Tasma SUCKS 
rove is almost finished. 
Roving restaurants that Twitter (just in LA  )  http://bit.ly/186OhO
rowdy children trying to pull apart the mascot,with me in it,i could have done without that.overall,not the best day ever 
Roy Spedding is missing Manda as much as Manda is missing him  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5822609
oh! I just found this really cute bag/purse and I want it so bad !  &lt;3
oh! i think i didnt do well on my photo editing for Db!  sorry :|
Oh! I was stamping things and now my hands are all inky 
Oh! It was raining in china grand prix too.. But race dosent stop for rain like cricket 
Oh! Mother Nature! You taunt us with one beautiful day last weeekend and now you give us snow. #ottawa  
Oh! Really wanna see taking back sunday with @joanners 
oh! solitude only me only you Oh! solitude i cant stay away from u 
oh! that's so bad!!! 
oh! you know what i just noiticed? if a torando DID hit, i would have left my baby purple elephat behind! aww he must have beed scared 
OH!!! It literally came through as I sent that last tweet  Guess I'm off then *sniff* remember me...
oh!!! poor robert. and sarahs telling kitty and everythings going bad!!!!! 
oh!!! really??? thats nice... waiting for nobody...  
Oh, @gabyrecosta i love you so much too, but i love you much more that you love me, hahaha, i'm sick too 
Oh, @imoneawesomekid is sick. So i have to sleep in my parent's room on their floor. 
Oh, @planetbeing , i would donate but i dont have any money  sorry
royal ascot sucks  missing everyones birthdays.
Royal Enfield Bullet 500 Deluxe 2001 for sale in Iraklio, Crete. Would be mine if I hadn't already bought one  - http://is.gd/13oBG
rpattz got hit by a taxi  he's okay but these fucking twihards need to back off, geez http://bit.ly/14NUm
rrrise and schine ;) mm i smell my coffee...i miss coffee from set  i miss everyone from set     lol but i am home 
Rrrr, too much disappointment 
rrrrrrrrggggggg we have 2 watch the seniors graduate now boooooooo 
rs homework...sports day tomorrow ...btw...how the hell do u run relay?! i am gonna die..... 
R's percusion camp: done. Summer school BCIS: bring it on for today. I hate leaving camp early. 
RSMS-can u add  Darius' excuse of the day on your website? I missed it 
RSVP only for the virgin megastore open bar. Try again tomorrow. 
rt @@jose3030 Jay-Z just pushed Ron Browz out of a window. R.I.P. lil homie 
rt @abisignorelli #f1 oh no, felipe baby 
rt @algarman if in Seattle, come and see us: http://tinyurl.com/n73z52 #fb &lt;-- i wish *I* had time to catch this 
Rt @AntiFreeze twttr's abt conversation, @bonniea. If sum1 starts a tweet w/ an @ of sum1 I dont follow, I miss the thread entirely 
rt @astroboi http://bit.ly/6oBIA ftw? // y seria todo con AC/DC  @chileanskies
Rt @ColinCurtisKS @kellyjay7 is not going to Iowa with us 
Rt @DeltaKnowledge: My Twitter stream is so quite. Like standing in a stadium with 1000s of people all silent  #fixreplies
rt @drebes Why, in this connected world we live in, we still don't have realtime tracking of every commercial plane?! 
rt @gay_india Law panels OK with gays, but govt prefers ban: TOI http://bit.ly/Ytaep    sigh, govt of India 
rt @joeymcintyre Joe @ktsummer,1 of UR book drive volunteers at Holmdel is going to be missing her 5* tomorrow cause her mom is very ill 
rt @KaewGB: Disappointed with a low-performance me tonight.  Gonna work harder tomorrow.
rt @mlbCoz Torii Hunter left the game with bruised ribs - will be re-evaluated on Tuesday - #Angles #roto  
Rt @TammyBurnell a few moms in need! Miltry mom  4 little ones in OK needs a TV &amp; another abused mom in UT trying to get out of state 
rt @thepete Damn, the online store where we bought @JayThePal and @KayThePal from has been shut down b/c Toys R Us bought FAO Schwarz  Sad
Oh Cool So Your Nor Moving To Spain Permanantly Then ?  x
Oh crab! When it's raining the world is flipping. Evil will conquer the traffic and sadly I might have to go out this afternoon. 
Oh crap a lot of people on FriendsOrEnemies are looking for the Singapore FobXMarkHoppus drive too 
Oh crap came back from my walk and computer had hung again with black screen. Restarted and corrupted graphics again even during POST 
Oh crap I forgot follow Friday :C sorry guys 
Oh crap monday  http://myloc.me/2gzw
Oh crap one of the guys I like got shot   I am not happy
Oh crap- the household is in &quot;baby-not-sleeping&quot; mode again     10-month-old bedtime separation anxiety???
Oh crap twiblets, my drive may have just had a critical error 
oh crap! It's pissing down outside! I'm not sure I wanna go if it's going to rain 
oh crap!!! I just sat on my ham sandwich and now i have got butter all over my ass 
oh crap!!!!i guess i don't anymore.     Oh Well its still Monday right!
Oh crap, boss has put New Years Eve staff photos on FB. I'm wearing a skintight jumpsuit. So tight I may as well be naked 
oh crap, serious storm in Pittsburgh 
Oh crap.  I have a blister on my heel now from my walk, wtf.  Looks like it's sandals tomorrow for class in the possible rain.  
Oh crap. ARG ! There is no broadcast of the Yankee game here in the Phils ! That sucks...  I'll just watch it pitch by pitch on MLB.com.
oh crap... i burnt the milk again.. mom's gonna throw a fit 
oh crap...didnt do so well.. 
oh crap...jst broke my headphones  now only the left ear works...do the tragedys ever end??
Oh crap; Headphone + Jelly =Not too good 
oh cripes!! headache 
Oh crud. One of the @ridemakerz remotes are broken  we didn't test before we left. They were so packed. Hope I can order one or something.
oh damn  pumped!
oh damn i forgot harper's island come on tonight! ill wait until netflix gets it i guess. 
oh damn i got an D in latein  but its good the last time i got an E  but the bad news wont stop hm  i lovee him man &lt;3
oh damn i wanna go to seatle...or sacramento...or atlanta again..oorrr i don't know just wanne be in the states again 
Oh damn I was I had MTV! 
Oh damn no I won't the offer expired  #virginmedia
Oh damn y'all have tolls in ny and nj? I'm sorry 
oh damn you little red monster so much for going swimming 
oh damn! i just dropped a thick book on my little tooee  - it hurts soo baad!
Oh, and another wink from @AdelaideCorr. I feel special     But I hope it's not a facial tic or something 'cos then I'd feel real bad 
Oh, and back, but busy. No news updates.Sorry  Lots going on though! Iran, civil rights, health care debate...good time to be an activist!
Oh, and Brokeback Mountain was a terrible movie.
Oh, and by the way, Annette's party was good. Caleb is probably going camping with us. But Jezebel (my dog) is dying 
Oh, and I also hate that I can't see how many tweets I have! I probably missed or will miss my 1000 tweets 
Oh, and I am in soooo fuckin much pain right now.  So much for $2000 surgeries that don't fix a damn thing.
Oh, and I bought a book from @Wossy at the airport.Thx Wossy for cheering me up on my way back home!I was just so sad 
Oh, and I haven't seen my dogs yet. They're still at daycare from yesterday. We were supposed to pick them up this morning! 
OH, and I really should frog that 
Oh, and it did die  I guess it's better that way because I wouldn't know what to do with it if it hadn't
Oh, and my whole body hurts. I rode the bull at Saddle Ranch last night 
Oh, and RIP David Carradine. 
oh, and some bad ones 
oh, and supreme leader title should be a name for a movie, not a person who smells  supreme my ass.
rt: houston, we have a problem. cat water fountain has died.  http://tinyurl.com/lyjmun
rt: Looks like Chicago was overlooked in the TOTC Spirit Award Nominations this year  http://bit.ly/KsRQ6 http://bit.ly/Ng4Ki
rt: veryyyy sad I may not be able to attend Tales of the Cocktail this July  http://bit.ly/gXFCA
Rt@BritishPunk: #wacksex will: make u just plain mad 
rtTallgiraffe71Am rooting for Yasmina, but I think Kate is going to get it. Same here 
Rubber boots and pond scum!! I had to kill tadpoles!!! 
rubbing eyes finally going to bed. All of these hours and no additional pay 
Rubbish ... a full week at work 
rubbish glasses are chipped  (well, frames are)
Rubbish lunch 
rubbish week 
Rubbish! iTunes store isn't working� stupid iPhone Beta 
Rubiks Cube SpeedSolving... Sub 60 
Rubios with my favorite...way too full  note to self: two portobello tacos is definitely not necessary!
Ruby Tuesday menu is still disappointing 
Ruca hurt her knee.  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5530715
Rudely awakened by my bootlegged LL!  Linden not happy 
Rudly awkwake... ugh, didn't expect that one!  also its like 6 million degrees in here, WTF!?
ruff the day man 
Rufus Thomas just came on my iPod random shuffle sad  ill never forget the sequin shorts an shirt sets though!
rugby finals was sad, lethargic and tiring  i still feel bloodless. what a shitty day
rugged up !! hate this fucking rain. 
Ruh Roh, Time Machine drive has pooed its pants again 
Ruhut.. please deh!  http://nasional.kompas.com/read/xml/2009/06/01/19595177/Ruhut.Akhirnya.Minta.Maaf
RUIN Hollywood is tonight: the last night of a beautful and very special club  Come on out to give tribute...
ruined my new dress by hand washing it myself 
Ruined one of my buttplug 
ruining a batch of cookies 
Oh damn!!  Only 2 hours loft till I finish. 
Oh Damn!! Trying to catch up and ME is gone.... devastating  Well, later tweeps or Talk to yall soon!!!
Oh damn, promised my Dad I'd leave Skype open, and I forgot and they actually left me a message 
oh damn. 9 more days people...sorry  )))))
Oh dang I just broke my wallet. 
oh dang!  Its tied 4-4 in the second set 
OH dang! I looked up and everyones gone. Mann! i needa pay attention 
Oh darn! Forgot to remove Sehwag from my fantasy league.  Ah well, hardly makes a difference. It's screwed, anyway...
Oh Darn! the 1st game I downloaded for the PSP didn't, I had to DOWNLOAD AGAIN! 
Oh darn! There's something I missed - guess who's coming to work early on Wednesday?! 
oh darn. it feels like someone squeezed lemons on my eyes while watching ONE TREE HILL final episodes for season 6. 
oh darnit! all my crops are going to die tomorrow because i wont be able to harvest them. 
Oh Dart, I'm gonna be sooooooo lonesome this afternoon 
Oh dear     Tony had storms in Florida too.  I hope all is well now.    I'd have said I missed you too, but I'd be ... http://bit.ly/GT0GU
Oh dear - BBC reporter: 'People in the West Midlands are not interested in European Politics' 
oh dear feeling really ropey this morning! meant to be going out today but looks like i may have to cancel. rubbish 
OH DEAR GOD.  Today is going to ultimate suck. But possible pool broadcast!
Oh dear godess I'm beat, so tired having worked from 7-12. Lots of things to do   I have to be back at 16, work til 21.30..Not so much yay
oh dear have I flopped my dissertation presentation?? not good.. not good at all  drowning my sorrows in biscuits.. Foxs Cream Jam Rings.
oh dear i love my desk on a saturday  nevermind not that many docs to review and then i can go back out into the wide world..
oh dear Kasabian cancelled Cork... gonna be many upset KGWs tonight 
oh dear -my cat Jake keeps shuffling his bottom along the floor.vet tomorrow for him. GUILT cos left it and its worse. I'm a bad mom  #fb
oh dear on deah oh dear. windows 7 is just as bad as Vista was, f#ckall drivers available. Windows XP re-install number 2 
Oh dear WEB and VET aren't talking to each other.  #f1
oh dear! gareths b-day 2moro all my girlfriends are abroad  lucky niamh is coming home 2moro poor gareth has 2 listen 2 me talk all day 
Oh Dear!! 
Oh dear,  I keep misreading #nicerfilmtitles. 
Oh dear, a second cousin of mine, in scotland, apparently got shot in the stomache! 
Oh dear, Adobe has launched Acrobat.com - offers to convert things into PDFs. Immediately spring to check it out; doesn't do .DOCX to PDF 
Oh dear, all the pups died 1 by 1 last night, perhaps it was because Princess rejected them 
oh dear, hav 2 do accounts now. 
Oh dear, I just skyped a client for a coaching session and got the time wrong - two hours early and woke him up!  Oops...  
Oh dear, I just woke up. Where is my Sunday 
Oh dear, ice cream was promised. Freezer box disagreed and decided to melt all our food  It's a busy week in binsville 
oh dear, i'm 1000 weeks old. ahhhhhhhhh i'm such an old fogie 
OH DEAR, I'm peeling. Bye tan. 
Oh dear, looks like the lawn mower is packing up! Keeps stopping and can't adjust the blades or roller 
Oh dear, Manchester City are literally not very good. 
Oh dear, my head is absolutely throbbing! Very hungover. Morning btw 
Oh dear, new car badly scrathed and NOT by me thank goodness.  Feel sorry for husband as he didn't do it either.  
Oh dear, off to the docs tomorrow- something seriously wierd happening with my eye  (or ;-( more appropriately)
Oh dear, sun has gone and big black clouds rolling in.  Hope my washing dries before the rain starts 
oh dear, the sun has just been concealed by a nasty looking black cloud. So much for nice weather 
Oh dear, there're a significant number of ants in our kitchen too 
Oh dear, we almost hit a little fawn coming up from Farmington.. 
Oh dear, whatever your beliefs, this isn't right...  http://is.gd/LnaP 
Oh dear. I didn't come in for half to weekend to wait for a full rebuild from a cranky compiler. 
Oh dear. Just bought a bag from River Island. Don't like it and want my money back 
Oh dear. Last run timed 2 yrs ago... tried same distance last night took me an extra 15mins omgomg 
Oh dear. Left an HBE in my desk drawer at work!! . 
Oh dear. New neighbours have an exceptionally yappy dog and a marauding cat. Fun times in Clapham 
Oh dear. Red Ring of Death on my Xbox! I was just getting ready to introduce my daughter to Tetris. 
Oh dear. The #squarespace fad has made it to real life - @lhovo just said '#squrespace' under his breath.  Sadly it only works in twitter 
oh dear. they think that conzilla's hearing is as bad as mine.  i've yet to be convinced however...
Oh dear. TRAIN.IsDelayed threw a NullPointerException.  http://twitpic.com/7s9e1
Oh dear. Wheres the sun?! 
Oh dear... Am getting ill &amp; I have my GCSE's  bloody Swine Flu! Just kidding... Hopefully.
oh dear... did i catch a cold??? 
Oh dear... old friend Rob F has dissed me being on Twitter 
oh dear...going out for ice cream in a bit. so much for my diet 
Oh, and the image in the link below is one of the the oil trail af 447 left in the ocean. 
Oh, and this is how you get fat, so not really The Life afterall. 
Oh, boo my sore throat. 
oh, boy... it's gonna be one of *THOSE* days again. 
Oh, bummer! My flight arrives 11 minutes before the games starts on Sunday.  http://bit.ly/R2PyZ
Oh, but I hate writing. Research is fun, putting it into words is painful 
oh, by the way... i DID fall asleep last night. i hope i get this done by 3 
oh, checked my email &amp;i just won a ticket to a loaded dice dj gig @ rosemount but it's on the nite of the @PTUB triple-banger b'day bash 
Oh, cock. I just accidentally stood someone up for lunch 
oh, cool, 50 updates! (i feel so young and small in comparison 2 u triple digit tweeters ...  )
Oh, dead Cedric 
oh, dear, its raining 
Oh, don't you mind the war tonight. 
Oh, fuck. So little sleep. 
oh, God! my mood kinda terrible.  really bad.
oh, gosh my leg hurts real badd  the left one.
Oh, great! The weather ch. says a week of rain. 
Oh, he got into a car accident.. 
Oh, Heading home, want to know how r things going in Iran right now  my prayers with them
Oh, hi 2 cavities and a busted filling. 
Oh, how I hate English Lit 
Oh dear...things have definitely been better 
oh dearz tiredness 
Oh DelPo, not such a good day at the office for you. 
Oh Diablo III...where art thou  ?
Oh Dianne...    it's going to be impossible to listen to the speeches without crying!
Oh doesn't appear to work 
Oh Dossena dear  You'll probably be happier back in Serie A anyway. I'll be sad to see you go even if you haven't been great at Pool.
Oh east coast weather-ihate when the sun doesn't get up, neither do I...until like noon 
oh eff no thunder please it terrifies me 
OH EM F'ING GEEEE I NEVER KNEWWW! NEVER WOULD HAVE THOUGHT EVERRRR IN MY LIFEEE! THIS IS SOOOO CRAZY I WANNNA FXCKIN CRY LOL JK BUT WOW 
oh em geee ! havent tweeted in a LONG timee !  whats every1 doingggg ?! 
oh em geem what a bad day at work today  
Oh em too the effin' gee...working this early should be against the law!!! I'm fucking falling asleep 
oh england cant watch it 
oh everyone is going to sleep, how much i wish i could  its only 4.45pm, and im @ work!
Oh FFS, its raining! How dare it 
OH FFS. I must have clicked the wrong thing on the HMRC Website and it now wants me to enrol for VAT returns online all over again. 
Oh flu leave me alone, please don't let me be sick again 
oh fo you're getting such a bad edit.  i think you're going home bb 
oh for fucks sake... can't get a new bank card until Monday now. I have ALL the luck this summer 
oh for serious? #robotpickuplines I can't laugh at some because I just don't understand I feel dumb again 
Oh for the love of...I have to face Stagecoach soon  Oh, and school.
Oh fuck a duck its big Jim's birthday I've not got him anything oooops 
oh fuck!  yep bad words this speculations are driving me totally crazy, the more I read them the more I think Nat is preg.... 
oh fuck, poor jon 
Oh fuck, sounds like the shuttle launch may be delayed again. 
oh fucken BOOOOOOO!! told to turn the music down 
Oh Fuuuuuuuck Im Late!!! oh mang if only I had 2 more hours of sleep!! 
Oh gah I feel like my throat is bleeding. I feel so sick.  Blllaaahhh! 
Oh gas. I wanna just sleep for the rest of my lame lifeeeee. 
Oh gawd! not yet done fixing my pc 
Oh gee i hate when porn people follow me....eww.  
Oh geez, it's Monday. 
OH GLOBBITS! I don't think its good to have smoke pouring off the clutch! 
Oh go figure. Every time we go out something comes up and we have to cut it short. 
Oh god ... I haven't tweeted in so long, nothing strange or startling. Modules next week - I am SO sacked, Uh-oh  xxx
oh god 3 more days 
Oh God all this thing about Korea makes me worry 
oh god and while i went out grocery shopping today, i left a bag of stuff at the store!  annoying &amp; dumb. gotta go back to get it tmrw
Oh god damn it. 
oh god damnit I broke it 
oh god I didn't realise I hope they find the Air France plane 
Oh god I feel sick with nerves! 
Oh god I listened to a recording of myself talking for 20 minutes and I put myself to sleep. Does that mean I'm relaxing or boring 
oh god i miss my best friend  and my boy friend, i've been deprived of them both 
Oh god I really don't want to get up. Sooo tied 
OH GOD I USED THE WRONG YOU'RE IN MY LAST TWEET.  Very disappointed with myself.
oh god i want to cry, spent ages doing these vids and only 1 of them has sound  they all worked fine damn it
oh god i wish my dream was true, going to boracay all by myself, sad waking up 
oh god i'm scared for today. Please help. 
oh god im stalking 12 people, poor them 
Oh god it is torture. 
Oh god just had a major panic! Thought Noah was going to steal my spongebob teddy 
oh god michael's hammering something. It's reverberating through the whole house.  aaaaaa noise
oh god my laptop is broken !! i need someone to fix it !! i hate this stupid computer i now have to use, it`s sooo slow 
oh god oil wasn't a good idea - i'm now burnt! 
oh god one of the teachers here gave me a rotten gogoma to eat.. and i'm so hungry i'm trying to eat around the bad parts  HAHAHAHA
oh god the European authorities must REALLY hate torrents cause they are taking them down. first its Pirate Bay. whats next?  NOOOO!!!!
Oh god the pain is still here 
oh god there's a story on beth on every local news channel. this is just surreal. 
oh god why am i so hungry today 
Oh god why am I still awake?  I told myself I wouldn't let WoW do this to me this time around.  
oh God! Bicycle accident just across the street from our house. I think fatal. Cyclist died near same place 2 yrs ago. We need bike lanes 
Oh God! How did I forget that there's Tweetree :o Days without Twitter is getting boring here. I am so lost 
oh god! i HATE being sick!! 
Oh god! My tummy hurts.. again  hopefully JB's songs make everything better.
oh god, credit card company, why won't you let me buy anything? 
oh god, gettin excited about brokencyde concert. looks like its gonna rain agen tonight 
Oh god, got peeling arms, chest and face - its the Geordie sun that did it!!! 
Oh God, here we go again @saragarth  look what you make me do 
oh God, how I don't have the will to study 
OH GOD, I CAN'T BREATHE!  xxX
Oh god, I feel like shit. 
oh god, i'm bloody shaking again. time to down a bottle of lucozade 
oh god, it's 1 30 in the morning. I've been trying to sleep for the past 2 hours but that's not working 
Oh god, just remembered that I am back at school tomorrow! 
Oh god, Mikey's naked. Wait. This is the norm. 
oh god, my head is soo sore! its killerr &gt;_&lt;..plus i feel sick! 
oh god, now i can't even browse rllmuk cos of the spoilerzzz 
oh god, so tired. my feet hurt so bad too.  and i miss caitlin 
Oh God, Susan Boyle LOST?  omg say it aint so.
Oh god, the final episode of Golden Girls is on. Poor Bea! 
oh god, why did i turn on to torchwood - i know it gets to me every time i see it! 
oh God, why??!! freakin pole  #usmnt
Oh god.  Nailed him to the cross. Pierced him in the side. EARLY one Sunday morning...GET SOME NEW MATERIAL BLACK PREACHERS!!!!
Oh God. I don't know what to do for daddy on daddy day 
Oh god. I hate my mom. I'm exhausted, still have yet to see him. 
Oh god. I just saw a really fat woman with some super camel toe.  The image is burned in my brain! Do not want!
Oh god. I think ive got a cold. 
Oh god. I think my stomach is falling out. 
Oh god. Its terribly humid and gross out. Not in the mood to run programs and be hot again  
Oh god. My first exam is two weeks today.... 
Oh god. People from my old school keep trying to add me on Facebook which is lovely but I can't remember who any of them are.  Oooelp.
OH GOD. WHAT DOOR IS HE AT? 
OH GOD. Worst cramps of my life. 
oh god... first thunder storm since p7!!!!  x
Oh God... Tonight=Love. I can't even @ reply to all of the amazingness that occurred. So glad I didn't miss it. I will miss Texas 
Oh GOD......... have a sociology exam today   so gonna fail it everyone    i F###ING hate college !
oh God....I'm not okay today...  
Oh GOD..really need ***** light menthol so bad .....ooouwww ouw 
Oh godd, i dont think i felt so sick in my lifee  Never drinkking again.
oh goddamnit, longest Facebook note ever and Firefox crashes. 
oh godddd I coughed up a little bit of taco 
Oh good grieve.. their even talking about BGT on the radio. I cant get any from it 
Oh good lord, hw i wish i had a triple chocolate milkshake  x
Oh good lord. Can today just be over? 
Oh good lord. So hungover. 
Oh good, Russia is done in Chechnya, so they're ONLY leaving behind 20,000 troops.  Where'd they get that bright idea, eh? 
Oh good. I get to be the gooseberry all night now that katy isn't coming 
oh goodness gracious, i want a nose piercing so bad.  mommy, daddy, can i get a nose piercing like @mileycyrus? PLEEEEEEASE.
Oh goodness. Being sick sucks. I should totally be at project graduation 
oh goody i love work 
Oh goody, needle today 
oh gosh  makin chocolate and strawberrys cos i have bad cramp  gonna watch the notebook or twilight ? hmm what one !
Oh gosh i gotta pull it together but im still a lil drunk 
Oh gosh I'm over studying tonight. Time for a break, a good sleep &amp; hopefully I'll remember everything tomorrow. Boo exam 
oh gosh im so could 
OH GOSH SCHOOL TOMORROW. Going to be on my own in most classes  lol
Oh gosh they are putting them on  ahhh
oh gosh! what can i do now 
