waaah! imcleaningupmylaptopwithmyminivaccum... thespacebarisn'tworking... see?... well, gudnyt.... i should be up by 4am! 
waaah! loaded with HWs 
Waaah! Mr. Plant is dead, and turned gray! Why, mr. Plant, why? i watered you and fed you sunshine! 
Waaah! Our SU shop is closed for the afternoon! No sugar for me 
Waaah. Dan says he just saw a bluejay steal an egg out of the sparrows' nest 
waaah... out net connection sucks! 
Waaahhh I'm so sick  someone please come take care of me.
waah . damn boring ng 4th yr . 
waah! shet! may sakit pa rin ako! :| i miss my prince 
Waah, reverse garbage didn't have anything useful   Shall have to buy foam from more expensive places, sigh.
waahh..no moo tonight   am so going to las vacas tomorrow
waants to watch Camp rock so bad!!...but noone wants to watch it in this house  
wached &quot;day the earth stood still&quot; (on B-R of course). Alas! Even the assets of Jennifer Connoly couldn't keep me going till the end 
wachting American Idol! we know Adam Lambert lose!  I suport Adam Lambert!
Wad it do mah twitter fam?? Bummed cant attend da concert in ct satrring day 26 &amp;&amp; more..   Make me feel better..
wadup gees. just here at work. always busy on mondays 
Waffle house. Sad that @heykatiexcore is sad 
waffles anyone? 
Wah another ill day. Defo staying off this time. 
wah i dont get to stay home today 
wah i wake up and i feel like a baby is on fire and is trying to punch its way outta my belly 
Wah Thank God... Talkshow nya menyenangkan! Thanks Vera &amp; Eko!! Br turun dr studio, ngedit Airpro.. tiada penyiar, kebelet pipis nih! 
Well, to me he looks more like he killed somebody. Check out the link for yourself and tell me what you think 
Well, today's plans dissolved into disappointment. Won't get to see my boy until Monday at the earliest.  Ah, well. Tomorrow should be fun
Well, vacation over. It was good, and its passing will be mourned 
Well, Visions took me two tries, so my bladder of steel achievement is void 
well, we got the house, but...... they raised the deposit and we can't afford it so I guess we aren't going anywhere.... no job for Matt 
Well, we took too long so no imax today. And tomake it worse, the day we leave transformers 2 is coming to imax. 
well,bay fell asleep and woke up.i think bay is bad at me   i really hope not.but we will see later today
well,only one week left of my holidays,sad sad 
Well,that last link didn't work,try again 
Well. . . the beginning of a new week and guess where I am. . . at the office  4more days till Friday. . .    
well. im gonna go to bed. the ill wake up and say : hey sun, hello..and finally ill study uhmm for my exam ooh 
well. im gonna go to bed. then ill wake up and say : hey sun, hello..and finally ill study uhmm for my exam ooh 
well. it didn't take long... I have a killer migraine today, woke up being sick! day of chilling out i think! 
well. staying home tonight. again. working in the morning tomorrow. again. this weekend is no fun. at all 
well. that is not how i wanted to end my sunday  trying to stay strong.
Well. Was gonna hang out with my best friends but i cant now.  this sucks.
well.. all my slacking off earned me a D and a C   but at least everything else are A's and B's ^^  next school year all B's and A's Esh!
Well.. I guess I have more motivation. I need to lose like 26lbs to do a tandem skydive jump.. Not going to happen before my birthday. 
WAH! Celtic Woman coming to Landmark.. can't afford  I so love their music!!!
Wah! Goodbye clubhouse! / I've been banished to third floor! / I'll miss the fourth floor 
Wah! I missed my hair appointment! My hair looks terrible. 
Wah, my fav whattaburger location is closing on the 31st. Damn. Good thing I'm moving.  Damn  Mon/fri won't be the same
Wah, your love interest in the next video? ...no bueno 
WAH. i'm gonna miss bowie people  ESP YOU ALYANNA BONDOC &lt;3 and Cesar. D:&lt; I dunno if I can survive without my SOSA!
Wah...I Miss Him So Much  ..
wah...I'm a box with an X 
Wah..Pushing Daisies bites the dust too... 
wahey the weeks finally moving on.. we're onto thursday. what happened to the sunshineee 
Wahh  putting clothes away. GAH listenin to August Burns Red 
wahh fb is being so slow.l. i hate 6-7pm 
WAHH MY IPODS SCREWED 
Wahh Ragan crashed  hes out of the race
wahh! I broke the skateboard. Dam pop shuvits 
Wahh? my TV DIED. 
Wahhh 1 hour and 20 mins before I'll get home.  On my last break...
Wahhh it's 1 am and I can't sleep  Tomorrow's school.. hmpf, very bad.
wahhhh this isn't a good feeling.. waking up without them..  now i have to clean the house.. (
Wahhhhh!  It's the last Double Stuf Oreo in the bag.  
Wahhhhh.  when is Remy coming back already. Tonight's guy is awful.
WAHHHHHH, TIME FOR WORK 
Wahoooooooooo, in a good mood, but i cba to get ready! URGH college  xox
Wahoos was closed ugh! 
waht tastes better. mint choc or white choc ? hmmmm..... this is a tough one. oh crap i have school tomorow lucky me 
Wai! Free Hug event? I misssed it. 
WAIIIT! I forgot about zee script. :|  JABBAJABBA. :|
Wainting McFLY at Sheraton Hotel, but did not turn out, we froze  http://yfrog.com/6pd12j
wairing in me new shorts :p  lost me new top on a buss tho gutting 
wait a min... that sound like a coma lol. going to sleep now...  when i wake up it'll just b tmrw 
wait boo, i don't think FTSK was at my prom last night, i think Cheril confused the band.-_- booo i was all excited too!! 
Wait Del Potro lost?!?! One of my favs already out and I have not even seen a single match yet 
wait for tomorrow... We are going to cinema with Thomas and watch the Transformers 2.. i can't wait.. i want see now  xP
Wait for univ bus, about 100+ ppl are waiting 
Wait i think i say this shit already  im gonna watch &quot;Kung Fu Panda&quot; instead
Wait it just turned on again. Damn, now I don't get to go buy something new. 
wait let me retract that lOlz cOokies wit sum apple juice playinq on the radiO lOlz uuuqqqhhh I'm makin movesz 
Wait now we're talking of freshman memories.....omg this is sad! 
Wait should I eat?? Or be skinny for vegas!! I'm hungry! 
Wait the info for the recording LIED TO ME! Where is my Norm?! 
Wait this aint the super-c 
Wait tumblr, I'm not yet finished back-reading 
wait wait, people have already seen TRANSFORMERS!? wth! 
Wait what! Where are you going mari? What? No tequila  so mean
Wait!  http://bit.ly/e7b6r   ----- BEAUTIFUL! watch it! i seriously cried.! 
wait! whi u talkin biut?? lol im seriouz! my bf or da 1 datz leavin 4 a month Â½ 
Wait, are the BET Awards on Sunday! :O I took off Tuesday thinking it was then! 
wait, i think i made him mad at me. ouch 
wait, it's for a PC?   damn.
Wait, no controllers  or games :'( Stealing time! Sneaky sneaky ;) WOO 300th tweet wasted on this :L wooooooop 
wait, now i feel kinda bad for her. 
wait, we have a new one? #gokeyisabigot #gokeyisabitch #gokeyisadouche. jeez, wank is too hard to keep up wtih 
WAIT.  Where's the b-girl???  They have to have b-girl or a hip-hopper!!!  None of those girls looked like they were.  That'd be sad.  
wait. it is my understanding that stuff is going down and i was not invited. as usual. WHY. AM I BORING OR SOMETHING? 
Wait. There's 12 orchestra members? Are we back to the days of The Originals? 
Wait. Wilson leaves? 
wait... are we not going for dinner anymore? 
well.. off to school then  hope i'll survive french..
well.. yeah, yesterday was Wear Me Down, and today was Fool.. play it over and over and over.. geezz.... 
well...  he hasnt been talking to me.. but im missing it
Well... Haven't got a tan today (N) 
Well... I'm a coward, so... I won't speak with him... I will only wait if he stays hating me or he changes his mind... I'm so sad... 
Well... I'm not gonna be on this weekend that much. On holiday again. Sorry guys 
well... it's 5:30am and I have yet to fall asleep 
Well... My break @ work is over...  3 &amp; 1/2 hours to go!
well... my mom is being a bitch but hey... what else is new 
Well... NO cuz then he'd be sad.  But I would be happy!  No! I'd feel bad!  (At first!)
Well... So much for seeing No Doubt. Lawn seat tickets are sold out. 
Well... that plan of getting up earlier today fell thru...   back hurts from sleeping too long.
well......had the midwife today and the evil evil woman gave me my anti d jab which hurt like hell  but its all for the baby. i think  ...
Well.....it's my birthday. Woo--fuckin--hooooo. 
well....just here woke up to do nuthing and was goinng to a party yeaterday just got sick which made me not want to go 
Well....we lost one of our stronger clients today...my client!  I'm NOW a little worried. 
well...finally gonna get high 80 degree weather in chi town but there's also gonna be a lot of rain and thunderstorms. I need to move 
Well...guess that coke spillage yesterday did cause some residual damage 2 the laptop afterall, which I was afraid of. no warranty either 
well...i gained 1.3 lbs since my last weight check. should i be depressed? I WAS DOING SO WELL!! 
Well...I guess it's just not happenin tonight! DAMN! 
well...i just love thunder... LOVE IT 
well...Im single again!!!hahaha... its not funny 
zzzzzzzz...I need coffee 
zzzzzzzzZZZzz my poor mac  sigh. well on the brighter side, been in salamanca for a week now and pretty much loving it. viva la vida !
Well...It's my first day off, and...im cold, amd my best friend and close enough to a sister little sister arent comming back next year 
Well...its still NOT RAINING HERE and it looks like we might actually go thru April, May and June without moisture!   UGH! 
well...looks like I'll be stuck in the basement all day - bad weather 
well...they had a swim team practice so we had to leave early  Going to K &amp; W (I feel like an old person lol) with mom in a bit.
well...trying to watch Kings on Hulu.  It's taking forever to buffer,  
well..going to study 
well..i'm back from the gym.and fuck you all!!! sorry..but it sucks to come home alone..and now without my sweet dog to cheer me up... 
welll well looks like me and twitter is about to rekindle our relationship ;) haven't been on this for a while ! SCHOOL TOMORROW 
welll,  good night. i absolutely cannot waiiit to see my fam tmr!!!!!!!
welllllll not sure what im doing today prolly hanging with the fam  ..still no txting..fml!
wellllllll ... had hoped the magic might have enough magic to win one on the road... bummer 
welp It's time to start saving for a few new lens 
Welp the ol' 1st gen iPhone sorta died on me! The bottom row of buttons are totally unresponsive! Can't open phone or hit send txt! 
Welp this sunday is gonna be a super sad one 
Welp today is my day off and then my mom volunteered me to take my grandmother to the doctor. I'm not mad, just tired  leemelooonee
Welp, E3's over for the year. Lots of articles to write.....sadly booth babes one is gonna be last 
welp, I called into work.. hopefully I get to feeling better soon.. I feel crappy 
Welp, the rain is taking care of the smoke.  Laundry is done and I'm in my PJs.  My tennis shoes didn't leave the shelf.  
Welp, we r going to property again 
Wait.......Lakers' game 2 is not today?  
Waited an hour to be seated, an hour to get our food and then the food was cold. Tres Agaves resturant 
Waited and waited and waited for a bus this morning, 2 came at the same time but still I managed somehow to get the wrong one 
waited for nothing, this means i know have to wait till thursday 
Waited in for package that didn't arrive and now the weather sucks  Early ride tomorrow I guess. Time to cook...
Waited over two hours in the rain for David with no luck 
Waited too long to buy tickets 
waited very patiently yesterday when wife and kids had ipod. Finally updated to OS 3.0 this morning and it crashes   ipodfail
WAITEN FOR MY BABII TO CALL MII 
Waitiinq and waitinq to leave naenae's house ! i do not wanna stay here ; ! borinq as _____x :[  : i wish i was at home ! im nvr home tho 
Waitin 4 the j train 2 go 2 grad classes. Yuck. Rushed out w.no breakfast 
Waitin' for iPhone 3G S in russia 
Waitin for my mom to b here, 20 mins late already. 
Waitin' for my mom!!! maaaa! where are youuu?! :| 
waitin for my momm shee needs to hurry im gettin hot ,,  and im bout to eat all thiss freakkinq foooooood lols
Waitin in M&amp;S car park  urgh shud hav came in my own car! lol
waitin like a lost puppy for a reply from someone... 
waitin on food, im starvin 
Waitin on Lexi to wake up maybe I shouldn't have kept her up so late  Sadness
waitin outside the ship for ashley to finish chekkn in. geez napoleon. im tired n hungry. 
Waiting  to go to college to do maths lol 
Waiting (song not sitting doing shit all) made it better. Now Whole Lotta History...sob  but Kimberlys voice at the start...&lt;melts&gt;
waiting .. for you 
Waiting 4 a seat at timbre w @ineedpads @Shooon @yatsoon soooo many people 
waiting 4 date and after that party...but all I wanne do is go 2 a docter and be with my mamy!!I feeling soooo sick! 
Waiting 4 hubby 2 get off work. Overtime, baby! 
waiting 4 my to be delivered been up hours and still no sign oh well they have another 7hours to deliver it by.Twitting delivery times 
waiting 4 the bus 2 show up. I'm hungry n tired after a long plane trip from Indiana 
waiting 4 work 
waiting 4 Zoedog to get back from vet. Hope she is ok... 
waiting and fell bored............... ugh...... 
waiting and waiting. 
Waiting angelxup finish @USU thing. Laperr 
Waiting anxiously on High Court next week, feeling a bit depressed about fees 
Waiting at a train station, trying to work out the quickest way home. Toilets are closed and i just drank 2 bottles of water 
waiting at Charles mgh now, maybe a corneal ulcer? 
waiting at culture shock! my sisters gonna leave the house in10.. shes taking forever... 
Waiting at dentist for dental appointment 
waiting at ducks stadium  in the rain
Waiting at Lisbon Aeroport for my Folks coming from Italy after a cruise in the Midle East. Flight late 
waiting at London Paddington for my train back to reality...i mean cardiff 
Waiting at my aunts house for people to call 
Waiting at norwalk station till 1050, SHIT! Scary 
Waiting at the airport for my ride while I get harassed by 2 men trying to sell me ugly hats.. Why me?!  I just want to sleep..
waiting at the airport-missed my flight earlier &amp; am now delayed coming home 
Waiting at the apple store again 
Waiting at the dentist for a filling 
Waiting at the genius bar... I hope there's still hope for my baby computer 
waiting at the recycling place, its taking forever 
Welsh Homework 
Wemt kayaking today and now i have sunburn 
wen i heard smelled seen or touched him, it made me smile, now they all bring me crashing down.  *?(~_~)?*
Wen i think bout wat i did, multiple times last nite, i kinda wanna get sick...used again. 
wen is beat again gettin played ? Iv bin gettin told its awlready bin played nd iv missed it  Gutted Xx
wen is she coming home     
Wendy thinks I'm dumb  I know how to use the iPhone!
wendys coffee toffee twisted frostys are yummmyyy. and it's only been 2 hours and 15 minutes and my nail polish has been messed up. 
Wendy's Hamburgers!! Oh why did u close all ur UK outlets 
Wendy's sucks! I have 15 minutes left  Someone come to Yogurtime n entertain me!
Wenger the magician, ain't no tactician   
Went  to my last downtown pm tonight  Have a couch surfer arriving soon... the boys may be back sometime this week, need to start packing.
Went 2 a party 2day, had 2 dress up as Olivia the pig(kids tv show)also got no dinner cos mum made it way 2 hot and the tofu was weird 
went 2 watch a tamil movie Rajadhi Raja. caught up with an old friend. movie was awful but the heroines were awesome 
Went add-on crazy and borked Firefox 
Went all out making awesome PDFs for a tutorial. Can't upload to site. Thinking I may have to abandon cool PDFs 
went and got a pedicure and a manicure 2daii!!!! and den sunbathed all daii!!!! BEST DAY EVA!!!!! oh yeh,....did a teeny bit of study 
Went and saw &quot;UP&quot; in 3D friday night with my baby and a friend. It was a sad movie more than a funny one. 
went back from sao paulo, saw the news @ the hospital, not nice uh so sad this airplane thing, just to imagine I was flying 1 week ago 
Went back home this weekend... and it seems my loving mother has taken control of my bedroom...  i only have a mattress left     thanks ma
Went back to school today after 2 week of vacation and i already have homework! 
went back to sleep after alarm  running around trying to catch up now lol
Went back to the Vietnamese place tonight. Same dish, completely different taste. Armageddon in chili form. No lemon grass flavor. 
went canoeing yesterday and did it in less time than they said we'd be able to, it was awesome! But, i lost my ray ban's in the water 
went down by six in netball grand final  oh well GO PANTHERS!
went down to cd store to get new regina album - only to find out it comes out tomorrow. 
Went down to the markets befor  got a few things exept this gibson dog tag i really wanted  im hoping to go back and look at it again
Went downtown tonight! Bought a new watch and fell in love with a beatiful and  expensive   purse!
Went fishin and swimming in step-grandpa's pond 2 times this weekend. Goin to see Transformers at Midnight Wednesday! I miss my friends! 
Went for a 3 hour bike ride today...im sore  but happy that I got to spend time with Helen!
went for a crazy long bike ride today and passed by the Nationals' baseball stadium... but didn't make any baller friends  lol
went for a jog today without a shirt on today... sadly I won't appear in people magazine or US weekly 
Went for a nice run but missed my running buddies 
Went for a run again today, after four weeks of indolence, excess food &amp; drink... can't believe how slow I was 
went for a run this morning and now my face is sunburnt... and I used sunscreen! 
Went for a taster at parkside. We got to blow up Jellybabies! LMAO! Hummm.... I want one to eat now.  I don't have any...
went for a walk ... Sammy did not nap. 
went for the longest run ever super tired 
went for walk with camera to escape lost-mojo blues. neither hard rubbish or photography got me out of it. 
went from happy to sad 
Went from having an enjoyable day to feeling like total crap in a mere 2 hours.   ...*sigh*..o well, such is life...and life's a bles ...
Went GBK last night, had a really nice meal, then proceeded to be sick all night, now completely drained, eurgh 
waiting by the phone isnt fun 
Waiting concert later...I miss las vegas show girl 
Waiting desparately for the monsoons. Hate to be a couch potato  during wkends
Waiting for #QuickPwn... like everyone else 
waiting for @amyg__x to talk to me ... i miss her 
waiting for @claytonmathis's sammy at panera.  all I can say about the gym is: owfuckowfuckowfuuuuck. my feet hurt 
waiting for @eyelidder to reply before going to sleeps. I need it.. Will decide what to wear tomorrow 
waiting for @Nowimnothing22 to come visit meeee. wish my medicine would help the pain but it's not. boo 
Waiting for @phoboy86 he is laggin it!! He was to be here 10 mins ago!! 
waiting for @PriceAtkinson to finish the yard so we can eat dinner... at this rate it might be 9pm till we eat 
Waiting for @tboogieboricua...No Rock Here Though Sad 
waiting for @tcossairt to get home...I miss him 
waiting for 17 again i want my hat and glasses 
waiting for 4 cosby show 2 start...and im very very sad becasue i cudnt attend ma bessies birthday party   
waiting for a 3 hour class..s0 sad! iMiss kENN! 
Waiting for a bus because no trains are running 
Waiting for a bus to go to rehearsal. Really not in the mood today bleahhh 
Waiting for a friend w/ a truck at target and I really want one of these collage picture frames for our London pictures 
Waiting for a large network copy, you would have thought these things would be faster in 2009. 
waiting for a little message from kim hyun joong... 
Waiting for a miscal from her *yawn*  I'm getting sleepy now 
waiting for a phone call from my best friend, I hope she's not forgotten 
Waiting for a return phone call 
Waiting for a table 
waiting for a txt back and the company thats coming that i have to help entertain!! 
Waiting for a UPS Sticker so I can send my Xbox to Microsoft 
waiting for all my newly downloaded songs to be uploaded into my hp. NOT SURE IF I'M DOING IT RIGHT!! 
went golfing today in gym and learned she sucks soo much at it 
Went grocery shopping this morning and was on the phone with Vizio - the new TV doesn't work already after just 5 months 
went healthy for dinner...vegies....with lots of butter, garlic and cheese ha ha, i am going to die at boxing this week 
Went hiking and Kelso ran so much he ground his nails down til they bled again. Poor thing. 
Went home early last night felt really sick. I'm going to see a doctor today. Being feeling sick off and on all week long too 
Went home for dinner, got ran over by a wheelchair...tons of fun! Now broken and extremely bruised back at work. Wishing I was home! 
went hyper during school  dats bad but still he he he!!!!!! mwahahaha
went ice skating and now legs are sore and have blister on foot 
went into over time so now i have the day off with no plans  i must make a good day of this lol
Went into the attic pulled out something that used to be my mums, was a bit damp but tried it on. Now my skin is burning  Wrong move.
Went on a 16 mile bike ride with my little brother today, it was amazing! gorgeous scenery, but the seat killed my butt! 
Went on a bike ride 2day, had a CRASH! I hurt my hip and my arm. I think my arm is broken! 
went on a bike ride. nothing extraordinarily exciting happened during that.... unfortunately. 
Went on a hunt for Chinese food. Failed. Eating Wendy's instead 
Went on an AdventuRace yesterday and I had an injury falling off the bike.  Overall good and I think I lost some weight, hahaha
Went one for two with a walk but still ended up losing his baseball game 
went out again todaii - very nice and this time i had suncream on!! but the blister has got bigger on my foot! 
went out at lunch weather is lovely. oh why do i need to work. oh yeah, i have bills to pay 
Went out for dinner and had sushi then went late-night shopping while looking for a good coffee store, clothes were boring and no coffee 
Went out for dinner last night, then for a drive. I HAD TO SIT IN THE BACK! It was very uncomfortable 
went out last night and is suffering the consequences of the alcoholic beverage...one word hangover 
waiting for allie to get back from class. BLAH school starts next week 
Waiting for an xray and a blood test......  im nervous! 
Waiting for Ang to comment back on myspace...i miss her so much 
Waiting for another email from Him... feeling sick ... 
waiting for another math's lesson!!!!!!!! 
waiting for baby asia to arrive am 4 days overdue 
waiting for baby to get here... i'm lonely 
waiting for BB10 launch tonight not sure if gonna keep watching tho with no LF 
Waiting for BF Heroes..!!! 
Waiting for boarding 
Waiting for Britannia Rescue to arrive. Car refusing to get up as early as I did 
Waiting for campaigners to have an opening  and on hold with this stupid company!!...not campaigners haha
Waiting for Claire or @twinkletwinkol to go online. I need therapy. 
waiting for coffee almost in kingston and its pouring rain 
Waiting for curry to cook in my new electro-fantastical-spectacular oven in my even cooler apartment... arrrgh. I miss my old house 
Waiting for dad to wake up so we can go fishing. It's raining. 
Waiting for Danny to text me back,,,  xoxo
Waiting for delivery of replacement phone - 9-1.00 oh joy 
Waiting for Derrick. Super cold  Off tomorow with nothing to do.
went out last night....T&amp;G and magic.....was cool but i went home lonely as usual!! 
went out to  a restauant for lunch  yummy!!! School tomorrow 
went out to dinner, got very sick after. Still have all that leftover dessert in the fridge and I can't eat it  No exercise either 
Went out to the Charlotte Knights baseball stadium last night for game and sleepover - unfortunately, both were rained out 
went out to the garden and picked fresh pea pods for dinner. Such a fun treat - unfortunately, only grew 24 pea pods from the four plants 
Went out without a jacket on the bike tonight - got competely soaked -am still frozen on the inside 
went outside to see if the fruit guy was there...he's not that dedicated  
went over monthly net usage 
went physio again this morning. knee still hurts. now my back hurts also. and also the monthly pain... 
Went shoe shopping now its time to study 
Went shoe shopping to cheer up weekend that sucked. Of course, nobody has what I want. 
Went shopping and got a haircut today... legs are so sore from walking.  I'm pathetic. Soo out of shape.
went shopping and got my Ed Hardy fix. Now wishing the new season of Psych was on! Can't believe I have to wait till August 
Went shopping for jeans yesterday and came to the sad realisation I'm no longer 22. Goodbye 501s, hello Relaxed Fit 
went shopping got new dress for engagement party. and new booky wook - not russel brands though 
went shopping in oxford street then in kingston...been shopping for 8 hours....my feet hurt  
went shopping today and didn't buy a thing. How disappointing 
Went shopping today and saw a girl that I thought was Camilla Belle so I was like JONAS !!!! But it wasn't her 
waiting for dooney 
waiting for dr. Garcia to get here, his assistants are nice...very gentle with the IV, hope i don't die 
Waiting for driver at lobby. Argh! Still have to go to that village today. 
waiting for early riser Lucy to go down for a nap so I can pack up. We head over to support Step-Mom who is having surgery tomm! 
Waiting for el doccc !! Please luck luck luck dont leave me now 
waiting for epit from work. nak tgk tranformers 
Waiting for everybody to come over.  Last dorm party before I move out 
waiting for everyone to leave so i can have the house to myself. working tonight 
waiting for Facebook to load. Slow internet is the worst 
Waiting for fedex to deliver my clothes!!!!! Fedex sucks 
waiting for final semester cusat results 
waiting for food, me is hungryyyy 
Waiting for golden bus from Leamington to Warwick with @LouMeigh. It is twenty minutes late. 
Waiting for Hannah to come back... 
Waiting for her boyfriend to come home... 
waiting for her car to get fixed!!! So incredibly sad... 
waiting for him to come over  its taking forever!
waiting for him to txt me 
Waiting for his dell laptop 
Waiting for his message! 
Waiting for his reply 
waiting for his text, oy ang tagal. 
waiting for India to hit the stage...I can't believe I left my camera  oh well having fun with my mom and bro
waiting for iPod update to be available in the Indian store 
Went shopping today. Got beat up from the game. Im missing my hunny   i just  wanna go home 
Went shopping with my sister-in-law. Then work where one of the residents passed away on my floor.   boo.
went shopping, found a dress i liked. but mom said wasn't formal enough for graduation  bought half dozen roses for mom. they were pretty.
went shopping...again.... more $$$$$$$ spent.... 
went skating and got to watch the game there, but missed the mtv movie awards. 
went sleep... because tomorrow I have to wake up very early! 
went slightly too far in box splits now my inner thighs hurt 
Went straight from mex to the hospital. My mom wasn't doing well but she's good now. Work at 8 
went surfin for the first time. i got sick and wanted to barf. 
Went swimming ... I really dnt feel to hot.. 
went swimming today. Kept breathing in lot of water.  Forgotton how to swim what I've learnt before ( More sessions~~
Went swimming today... And got so sunburned that I have blisters... And I am in SO MUCH PAIN....... 
Went swimming with Emi and Katie.  Getting ready to have lunch with them before they go. 
Went swimming yesterday had loads of fun but it was raining so could go shopping for long afterwards  Oh well i will go at the weekend x
Went to @DunkinDonuts this morning to get a Latte and it was ice cold  Booooo, I had to heat in the microwave..blah.
Went to @joesrealbbq but no luck on sweet potato dessert  ribs were great tonight though
Waiting for Jana.. Then Photostory.. Idk when I'll be back 
waiting for jason to wake up.. could be a while 
waiting for Jess then off to airport 
waiting for johnny to bring me lunch then back to sf 
waiting for June21st seems so far way 
waiting for Karen at school. I dont think she's here 
Waiting for katy! I hate waiting. Should have left later! 
Waiting for kings of leon to come on stage. V excited. Obvs. Glasvegas not making me excited tho 
Waiting for Laurens final episode of The Hills  then MTV movie awards! ;)
waiting for Lines, Vines and Trying Times to be released at Walmart!! Walmart is so dead  No ones here...Come on Jonas Fans! show support
waiting for Looking for Eric to start. Cinema never gives you enough salsa 
Waiting for Luci hurry upppp. So keen for noms and going to sleep when I get home 
waiting for lunch and then going to my apartment to start packing sad i have to move out 
waiting for Lunch Delivery boy..feeling really hungry 
Waiting for mi car @ 10carwash 1 1/2 to finish 
waiting for mike to add me 
Waiting for MMS activation from O2 - been over an hour and still nothing 
Waiting for more customers to call me to tell me that their site is down  I'm worried
Waiting for Morgan so I can go home! I'm so tired and just want to lay in bed 
Waiting for mrs moyon to start band. have had a very very bad day. 
Waiting for Ms. Long to call me back.... 
went to 3 clubs last night and is paying for it today  lol
Went to 3 of NYC's supposed best donut shops this morning. I was let down by all 3. 
Went to 8 nurseries today looking for roses. I'm was in a great mood, humming a song I heard on the radio, everyone else was crabby. 
Went to a 10 course Chinese dinner banquet tonight but am still hungry.  I don't eat any seafood and 8 of 10 dishes were seafood.  
Went to a bbq at Janet's.   Out of the nuggets loop but think they lost due to facebook comments. 
Went to a beautfiul wedding yesterday, fabulous location, day, people, etc.  though slightly overdid it on the prosecco I think... Urgh 
Went to a clariol party and missed the  kentucky derby 
Went to a Harley Davidson dealer to show some of my art this weekend. Allot of looks but no sales  I'll be judging a tattoo comp. next.
Went to a party yesterday, it was ehh 
went to a shark tooth festival! got sunburned boo 
Went to a very tame bachelorette party tonight.  It was fun, but no cheesy strippers 
Went to a wedding today and am now lonely. I need a man 
Went to a wedding today. I wanna be married again. 
went to a wedding, went dancing, and now misses her husband like crazy. 
went to an animal shelter today...i wanted to adopt all 8 adorable black kitties! but i has no money 
Went to another Yorkie breeder today -- no such luck.  still looking for apartments, too! Lots to take care of these next few weeks!
Went to apple store again, this time to look at cases......found none! 
Went to aquatica yesterday and injured her neck. It didn't hurt as much yesterday but today a different story. 
Went to Barneys, found the Givenchy shoes I've been wanting, in my size, 1/2 off!! then realized I 4got my wallet at home, turning around 
went to bed @ 8 p.m. last nite &amp; now I'm up waaay too early, watching Country music videos! Can't go back to sleep 
Went to bed at 10pm last night, haven't done that for years. I feel no more rested than usual 
Went to bed at 11pm...was woken up at 2am..now I am AWAKE!     what to do, what to do.....
waiting for mum to get home... she takes farrrrrkin days! and i lost my phone 
Waiting for my allergic reaction to go down... Gahhh. Stupid sushi. 
waiting for my boo to get of work!! long day alone! 
waiting for my boy to come home 
Waiting for my bus...ugh, i hate my town 
waiting for my car to be out of the shoppp  BORED !
Waiting for my cell phone to dry out.... it went swimming in bowl of water earlier 
waiting for my chinese yum yum. I just cannot get into BB this year...bit gutted about it really 
Waiting for my computer to come back from being fixed... again! HP - laptop 
waiting for my daaaaddy  so long
waiting for my ebay item s to finish, haven't made much cash though  
waiting for my email to work again  honestly it is doing my head in.
Waiting for my flight to tokyo japan. I'm not looking forward 13 hours on my ass 
Waiting for my flight. Slumming it in the departure lounge. 
Waiting for my friend to cut my grass but he insists on making a ton of stops first...sometimes free is not a good thing 
Waiting for my friend to go to lunch. Trying to read article on @ymib site but it wonakt load the page 
waiting for my galileoscope https://www.galileoscope.org/gs/ now they say it will arrive &quot;no earlier than July&quot; 
waiting for my girlfriend to get off of work, I Miss Her 
waiting for my grades&gt;&gt;&gt;wish me the best&gt;&gt;&gt;so worried for the first time of my life 
waiting for my hair to dry 
waiting for my hoe to come back 
waiting for my honey to come home ......... got ages yet 
Went to bed at 12:20 last night. Woke up around 10:45. Holy crap.  I need to get up EARLIER. Like 8. Wish I could get up at 6 every day. 
Went to bed at 2:30 up @ 5 and on my way to work   what could be worth no sleep? @yourboykj @the roxy...AMAZING!!
Went to bed early last night, had a decent sleep, it's a lovely day, so why am I in one of those 'can't be arsed' moods today 
Went to bed last night feeling fine, got up this morning severly ill and lost voice  antibiotics a plenty in me...
went to bed last night with the feeling of a migraine coming and woke up feeling worse. 
went to borders and they were out of computerarts  wanted to see the feature on my friend in there .... doh
went to borders to get @LaurenConrad 's new book &quot;LA Candy&quot; but they didn't have it.  i'll just order it off amazon or something
Went to Borders, was going to buy Black and White by Jackie Kessler &amp; Caitlin Kittredge. None to be had!  
went to boreders and they were out of computerarts  wanted to see the feature on my friend in there .... doh
Went to break my board(a plastic rebreakable one) on Thursday but I was to close to it and I banged my foot up and now it hurts to walk 
Went to buy &quot;I Kill Giants&quot; at Casablanca Comics yesterday and they were out.  Comic Book Girl is ordering me one!
Went to Caffiend closing-party. Am sorry I never went before tonight. 
Went to chat and discovered adam lambert had visited it today and I missed it!  Oh well maybe he will go on there again.
Went to Chili's for dinner, ate to much got new earrings!! ... I hate my ear lobes  oh &amp; Happy Mother's Day to all the mums out there~!
Went to Church tonight and got an infomercial, that's too bad I really liked that Church. 
Went to CISCO event Tues - v disappointed Kochie only appeard via video link! Tim Pethick great but left before photo's could be taken 
Waiting for my hubby to get home so I can get some shut eye. Otherwise Ill be up worrying til he gets home 
Waiting for my husband to call...he's on his way to connecticut for work...Cant find a job here...oh the sacrifices we make 
waiting for my husband who is sitll on a meeting at the office. 
Waiting for my interview at waji hq, good luck to me? Shes taking forever... Plus my tummy hurts 
waiting for my laundry to be done.. why does it take so damn long.. 
waiting for my LuncH .... 
waiting for my math tutor 
waiting for my mum to pop back from work to take me the doctors, implant is getting taken out, dreading it so much! 
waiting for my rancid box to come in the mail 
Waiting for my sis to get off work. Then will head to walmart. I never go to walmart alone if I can help it. Too many weirdos 
Waiting for N97.... 
Waiting for nearly an hour at the bank 
Went to court this morning for my ticket paid $177 dollars for the ticket and to go to traffic school  It was hard handing it over.
went to culver this weekend. skied and tubed. so much fun but really sore. 
went to da park yaya  wish i cud have been witchu.
Went to dentist yesterday, got teeth cleaned. Now one of my teeth won't stop hurting, needs a root canal done on it. 
went to detroit fri, came back sat/sun, go to tiffin, oh on mon. for memorial service, pittsburgh tuesday for funeral. 
Went to Devin's soccer game tonight. They lost.       10 to zero..lol
went to DFO today in brisbanee  my legs are soreee 
Went to Di Bella coffee roasters today and asked for a job...   The person I needed to speak to is on holiday...  #fb
went to dinner and got bug bites all over my legs... thats what i get for wearing a dress i guess?!?!  and a fractured toe. wtf summer?
Went to dinner with hubby. As soon as food arrived I felt horribly ill. Headed home. 
Went to dog jail (animal control) today. I felt extremely sad. Wish I can adopt a puppy so they don't have to die. 
Went to get driver license and car licnse plates renewed.  My mechanic that does inspections out of town today. 
Went to get PSG boardgame, shop had sold out   Hello online shopping
Went to go watch Transformers last night with @aokiqiao and @shoe_fan. Now I'm off to work for like an hour  Blahhh
went to graduation; twas amazing. im going to miss them! 
went to greenwich with friends and trying to finish my damn HW. there's sooo many! i have to log out now. 
Went to Hard Rock for dinner w/ @nataliaaa for someone's Bday. Overpriced food and they didn't make a Bday announcement.  
Went to IKEA to buy a special picture frame-kinda thing. I don't like IKEA and only go there if I have to. Of course they didn't have it 
Went to kickboxing class w/MOMMY &amp; sister @jillhiraizumi then went to eat Korean food for dinner. We totally gained what we sweated! 
went to K-Os but left early .. dude took FOREVER AND A DAY to come on stage 
went to Lenscrafters Sunday, sat at the mall waiting over 2 hours.Need to take glasses back.  The tint isn't what I expected. Bummer!
Went to London yesterday to see WICKED the Musical for the second time. AMAZING. Kerry Ellis is amazing at Elphaba!! she's leaving 
Went to look at a new studio/shop this afternoon - rent jumped Â£250 pm from telephone call to arrival at viewing (15 mins)  
Went to look for Wyatt Earp grave but cemetery was closed  #colma #findagrave
went to M&amp;D's en now im all sun burnt 
Went to Maccas for a strawberry milkshake and they had none left 
Went to marina barrage, marina south pier. But didnt bring along camera  - http://tweet.sg
Went to markets, got rained on  Bit gots yummy fruit &amp; veg + fresh baked cheesey sticks ! WIN!
Went to Michael's to use my 40% off coupon... I swear they always lure me to buy stuff with those things 
Went to move my car, but i left my lights on. The battery is dead 
Went to movies last nite wit blackout got hella drunk..hangover for the 2nd time! lol..ate popeyes after..bubbles guts 
Went to my brothers picnic didn't get to spend time with him cause he was sleeping had dental surgery this morning  http://mypict.me/12RQ
went to my cousins graduation party tonight. good food, but i should have ate more, im hungrrry now 
Went to my grandma's with the sunroof open and a million moquitos flew in. :/ 
Went to Oak Park Fireworks lastnight. Branden was too young to go  mi baby
Went to Panera but there was nowhere to sit. 
went to pool! great time except when ball hit eye and squished my goggles on it...couldn't open it for a while.  but better. 
went to rachels and watched taken.... then watched terminater 2 but had to leave bc mom was tired  going to the pool with rachel tomorrow!
waiting for new firmware, looks like ill have to now until after work! oh well 
waiting for new iphone...nothing but grief from this one 
waiting for our new stock to arrive..... Summer without any trampolines just aint summer.. 
Waiting for our turn for presentation.so sleeeppppyyyyy 
Waiting for Outlook to finish doing an inbox repair 
Waiting for paperwork... Not looking forward to c my fing boss at 7 
waiting for patrick to arrive and my toe is aching 
Waiting for people, on the other hand, makes me a very sad person 
Waiting For Photoshop To Download. So Impatient 
waiting for postsecret to update and rubbing my tooth better  its sore again!?
Waiting for Raimi's new horror flick Drag Me To Hell. I'm really excited for this! Too bad it's not in #amcmain in KC 
Waiting for Reny.... 
waiting for rob on the red carpet cant believe he and kristen weren't together  he probably wants to avoid all the paparazzi
waiting for sandy. 
Waiting for Sarah to decide whether shes coming up this weekend, so I know whether or not to prepare myself for some nasty verbal abuse 
waiting for scott to finish workkk 
waiting for shop to open at 7 to get bread am hungry  (Broadcasting live at http://ustre.am/2O63)
waiting for silverware to finish in dishwasher so I can eat I have no clean silverware 
Waiting for sister to get out of vb practice. Already missing my friend tiq 
Waiting for some customers to come make me some money!!!  I don't see it happening though.....another dead Sat night in the Swansea Mall 
waiting for some help cleaning 
Waiting for someone to talk to...... 
waiting for someone... she is taking too loooong 
Waiting for Supernova 2 to arrive wiieeeeee &lt;3 Why does everything takes so long when you're really excited? And I'm studying for finals 
Waiting for Tai. I'm starving 
waiting for teah to get home 
Went to ride bikes wit my mom and all of a sudden I fainted.. omg and face first 
went to Rogers to take them up on their upgrade 3G to 3GS only had white and 16gig. guess I have to wait 
Went to Roselle park in Ada this evening. Climbed the silo only to find balcony door was closed 
went to see chairlift and they were awesome there was dancing and an after party at la cita which i did not go to because i have no car 
Went to see Mr Van ZXuilen in the nursinghome today.... damn.... that poor man!!! 
Went to see my doc today. Told me that things are worse than expected. Need some meds from the drugstore - some heavy stuff. 
Went to see rent with cris and lyn...good thing we were running late, i fell lol scraped my knee  it's all good though
Went to sf and missed out on HUF 
Went to SFGiants game last night. Waaah!    'Nuff said.
went to shenzhen ate buffet. very big plaze but only a few people in there, &amp; air conditioner not cold 
went to sleep last night with a bad cold due to allergies  good thing i'm feeling much better now
went to sleep way to early now I am up way to early a nap turned into a full night sleep 
Went to staple center to watch the lakers take it tonight, I lost my voice from yelling so much 
waiting for the @WestAustralia pic twitterplause. Unfortunately maybe they will take 3months like when answering for my job candidature 
waiting for the B.A tour dvd to come out...  cant wait any longer!!!!!!
waiting for the baby to go to sleep. Appears to be teething. 
Waiting for the baseball game to start. Hope they play well... Bartlett's gonna be on the DL longer then originally thought, boo. 
waiting for the bf to finally come home is a drag.. not a fan of 12 hour workdays 
waiting for the boy... again. always making me wait... 
Waiting for the builder to finish so he can go back to bed 
Waiting for the bus is boring 
Waiting for the bus. The bus is going to be uncomfortably hot I bet 
waiting for the bus. work till 9 
Waiting for the computer at work to load in my profile 
Waiting for the dang pizza to cook. It's almost 9 and we still have not eaten wifey fail. Did I mention I feel like crap 
waiting for the day to come...  spent the weekend with different people.
Waiting for the dentist 
Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p
waiting for the doctor to see my baby boy 
Waiting for the fireworks at Supermal Karawaci. Always behind schedule, they said it will started at 19 
Waiting For the Floor To Dry,Just Finish Moping!! RestLess  #fb
waiting for the gas man; shrimps getting cold 
WAITING FOR THE GIRLS TO JOIN  HURRY!
Waiting for the Google LBC update in my dashboard...and waiting and waiting. 
Waiting for The hills finale hope I don't cry.. 
Waiting for the jailbreak/unlock for the iPhone 3G 3.0 OS...What's with the delay it;s friday right and it is not released yet? 
Waiting for the kids to get home!! I miss them 
Went to Stirling, bought a new top, only three pound, bargin! Can't Wait til Friday. More Shopping, Yay! Back to school on Monday though 
Went to stores looking for jewelry/shoes for new dress, but no luck (for thrifty me). I'll have to use what I already have-not as fun. 
Went to take the dog for a bike ride/ run today and my bike had been stolen out of the garage. I'm very very sad. 
Went to the #Mennonite store today for spices and baking supplies. Love it. Lil bro goes back to #Chicago tomorrow.Week went by so fast. 
went to the ball. i feel rubbish coz i never finished school n i went to 2 different high schools ! 
Went to the bathhouse and realized I am majorly sunburned!! This blows!! No wonder I hurt everywhere!! 
went to the beach and it started raining 
Went to the beach but it got windy 
went to the beach today and got a nasty sunburn 
Went to the beach today and I got sun burn  oh so painful 
Went to the beach today! Played some beach volleyball so now I really really miss volleyball 
went to the beach today, and despite wearing sunscreen, has a red nose 
Went to the beach today, but I couldn't swim a lot cause there was to many jelly fish and I didn't want to get stung!! 
went to the bingo tonight... sooo close to winnin the link up... one number away... but someone else got it 
went to the Celtic fair in Leeuwarden this morning but they cancelled it without any notice. Poor organisation &amp; customer service. 
Went to the dentist today and got 2 fills and my mouth is so sore 
went to the docs yesterday 
Went to the Doctor yesterday...And Asked them if anything was broken...Nope Im Still clear! But if I fall again my arm probably wont heal 
went to the doctor... on vicodin and crutches. yay me 
went to the doctors for 9.15 only to be told it was meant to be 9 and I wouldn't be seen 
Went to the dog park today, but only a few dogs were there. Cooper was sad.   #muttrun
waiting for the light on.... So sad... 
Waiting for the monsoon clouds  No rains ..water shortage in Mumbai.. All lakes dry.
Waiting for the new season of LIPSTICK JUNGLE and FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS. What take 'em soooo long? 
waiting for the next holidays. Cleaning up at the moment 
Waiting for the next part of HPM to load...all alone on skype 
waiting for the palm pre  6 more days!!!!
Waiting for the plumber! 
Waiting for the rain to let up so I can put the cargo box on the truck 
Waiting for the red LG Lotus to come in stock it's on back order 
waiting for the refrigerator repair person to come 
Waiting for the screening of Star Trek. We're giving in. Kim is also on fasting, so Jackie gets the yummy Fuzion. 
waiting for the shows,wish me luck..im not into the mood 
Waiting for the silly MP3 player to charge 
Waiting for the sun to come up for morning cleaning work 
Waiting for the swelling to subside in the back, that will take another week. One small problem &amp; life's plans go for a toss 
waiting for the train. It is so foggy today, ew 
waiting for the train.headed upstate...miss my hubby already 
Went to the dojo and got beat up by the floor, I'm my own worst enemy 
went to the dr. was bit by a spider.   so sad
went to the ER...i sliced my finger at work....  
Went to the eye dr and I didn't get worse in 2 yrs!  Amazing!  Have insurance and I still had to pay $200 for new no designer glasses. 
went to the gym finally, got home and dropped my laptop on my foot  owwww.
Went to the gym this eve and am feeling v proud of myself (couldnt escape using excuse that gym clothes are packed - had to unpack them  )
Went to the gym, fortunately didn't miss too much action in the game.  Clothes still aren't dry!  
Went to the gym.  My sis called about her wedding plans.  by the time I got off the phone I was TIRED! I came home 
Went to the hairdresser today, she cutted my hair off  I loved my long hair! Dad said he couldn't even see I got a haircut! LAAAME
went to the libs with water, cruskets, a sanga, her textbook and lecture notes, extra clothes, and a beanie. but FORGOT HER NOTEBOOK. 
Went to the mall. I spent all my money on lunch and seeing a movie, and had none left for shopping. 
went to the park to see a deer be born, but it died  Talked with the neighbours, and now going to bed, guitar had to wait till tomorrow!
went to the Rec center to play basketball, and sadlly, I lost my basketball skillz... 
Went to the Standard last night and Just now getting to work... Oh dear! Hung over still. 
went to the yankee game with kyle yesterday.. what a great day. i miss him bunches 
waiting for the ultrasn0w to arrive 
Waiting for the vet to call me back ! Keepin my doggy company because she is sick and sad 
Waiting for the weather to become better :/ Actually it was said there would be sunshine all day long today. But no. Rain, rain, rain! 
waiting for the weekend is like waiting for christmas... it feels like its never gonna come and when it does it goes by too fast! 
Waiting for the work day to end 
Waiting for this stinking OS 3.0 update. I'm stoked but I haven't seen it on my iTunes yet  where are you 3.0?
waiting for this torture in my mouth to be over .. cant even eat toast 
Waiting for thursday 
waiting for today to be over!!! 
waiting for tom too come online because i miss him very much 
waiting for tomorrow   school almost out, and soon High school:S
Waiting for too long 
waiting for too long now...  *long sigh*
Waiting for train, seriously in need for 2 day break. Tomorrow possibly clean the house, but first let's check how Apollo is doing 
Waiting for Twitter to fix my account, thanks to Lukester for the help  *sigh*
waiting for unlock at 3g &amp; os 3.0  but @MuscleNerd is master of unlocking ;D still waiting for you ;) release date this week?
waiting for update to Fiesta so I can play.  
waiting for ur call 
Waiting forever to get cam a haircut 
Waiting impatiently for friday to come. I want to see my bestfriends. 
Waiting in a longass line at the dim sum place for breakfast fuck so long for mother's day 
Waiting in a queue at Scrabster for the Orkney ferry. Drizzle and gloomy, heavier rain forecast for later   http://bit.ly/PdMB7
Waiting in emirates lounge in LHR (again) for another overnighter to Dubai  VERY thankful for business class and lie flat beds but still..
waiting in line at the Sprint store in Roseville... 
Waiting in line for 4 hours &lt; no autograph/photo op for 10 y.o. = massive suckage.  Rob Drydek FAIL.  
went to UP today and it was very tiring. 
Went to update my Twitter profile image and it refuses to let me upload a new picture. Now I have a broken profile image. 
Went to Walmart to find a big bag of Laffy Taffy's, Is Nashville the only place with them? Got a small bag. Only a few Banana's. WTH!!! 
went to work out but the workout room is closed 
Went to work to get my schedule and they didn't have it printed.   5/15/08  &lt;3
went to WWE SmackDown/ECW event in Chattanooga Saturday night it was fun but no &quot;Undertaker&quot; 
Went up to Indiana to swim but the pool was closed  Came home and saw UP. It is a cute funny but somewhat scary movie
went up to the 9th floor of our building for BC Hydro's 2010 open house thingamabobber. I love their office  its cozier than our 2nd floor
went walking to the park to push my dogs on the swings but there were about 30 little kids running everywhere like ants!  CAVS LOST! 
Went with a few breaks in the pro race, hurt cos my needle in my stomach! No primes 
Went with a pate brisee crust using butter and shortening. Think I may have over-processed 
went with the kids to go watch 17 again!! it was way better than i thought it would be but Alexis threw a fit and didnt get to finish it. 
went zoo and u sun burnt on my face  
Wentworths brthday   In musicc   I hate miss badaette
Weow..ugh my legs are hurting so bad 
wer his calls.  about to leave 
We're #2!!  Atlanta Ranked 2nd Least Safest City in US    ugh!  http://tr.im/nK5x #ATL #Atlanta
we're all home now - no more kentucky until next year 
We're all out of mini rolls 
we're all sneezing now, with headaches and the baby's got a high temp. Kristina's got a sore throught.  not fun.
Were at citibank I thought we were gonna go to grannys house but were no 
Were back up  o well it was a nice 2 1/2 hr brake I was watching dirty dancing on my iPhone thanks apple for the iPhone lol http://tin ...
We're back. Nice long nap. Frieda took off. Left a note saying &quot;It's been nice, but time to move on.&quot; Feels like a country song 
We're currently playing Honduras (Ranked No. 3) in the World Cup qualifiers. (we've slid from 1 to 2) 0:1 after 30 minutes. 
were did my ride go 
Were did the UK summer go? horrible weather atm 
We're expecting frost tonight.      I've covered as much of my garden as I can. Now I just cross my fingers.
We're getting a lot of (understandable) questions about the whereabouts of MVGroup.org. Unfortunately we don't have any answers yet 
we're getting another puppy  ... not cool... really
We're getting degus, when I move. 3 possibly, definitely 2. They seem like the perfect pet for me, considering toby is allergic to cats 
We're going to post some stories manually due to Twitterfeed problem. That's why we've been so quiet lately .... 
We're going to the water park today! Too bad I can't go swimming 
Waiting in line for Nemo Submarine ride. This thing better be woth it. Hour long line. 
Waiting in line for the jump. Backed up. 1 plane out of service 
Waiting in retiro because my girl is traveling back to parana. 
waiting in terminal f at PHL 4 flight to toronto for SES don't reccommend asian chao for food its just gross 
Waiting in the Cincinatti airport for the next flight  borreed
waiting in the ferry line to Port A. 45 min wait.. ugh 
Waiting in the hair salon........its still raining!!  
Waiting in the massive queue at the barbers to get my hair cut, might be a while 
Waiting in the most ridiculously long line I've ever seen @ Pat's Steaks in Philly on 9th &amp; Passayunk. Jim's on South was closed.  #to ...
waiting in the train station cuz i missed my train 
waiting my a girl whom love me very much 
Waiting my turn to watch tonight's movie pick, Bolt. Unfortunately, my bro's using my lappy! 
Waiting on 18th June, all this revision is hurting my head meeeh  x
Waiting on a service call.  Is it really a service call, if I have to wait 6 hours for it??????  
Waiting on Cam to tell me he's done... 
waiting on declan, probably asleep the lucky buggar. library to study, then study at home more. social life where are you? 
Waiting on dinner just too tired for pasta Sunday cooking 
Waiting on field day to start. . Wish it wasn't wet outside! 
waiting on hubby to get home from work...I MISS HIM 
Were I to meet one of these PhD Linguist marketing consultants, would get groin-punchy, unless he or she is way bigger than me. 
We're in Arkansas! At my grandparent's house celebrating my mom's birthday. I forgot my camera 
We're in Leeds but the bands dont start till 6pm gutted! 
Were in windsor and gonna run out of money.  Laaame. 
Were is my love 
we're missing one semi-stray kitty... ooohhh... hope he is ok wherever he is... 
We're not even halfway there yet  follow @peterfacinelli and get that chair backing into a fan's hands instead  http://tinyurl.com/mmy8ba
We're not really going to start using &quot;amazeballs&quot;, people, are we?? 
We're number 2766 on the ReverbNation Electronica/Dance charts. www.reverbnation.com/smashtrash    HELP ME TO CLIMB UP
We're off to see mcfly at 8:45AM no twitter all day! 
Were on the way to the grocery store 
We're out of food  l0l
Were out of power, oh yay 
were playing at 7 @ club impact tomorrow! finally got shirts! woopity doo! i want a slurpeeee sooo bad right now 
waiting on Ms.Mitchell  I hate waiting 
waiting on my boy to arrive from san deigo...but he doesnt feel good  tonight should be interesting huh?
Waiting on my mom to get here so we can decide if car can be driven or needs to be towed  oil leak]
Waiting on news about my Grandfather, mom called telling me he didn't have much time left  struggled with Alzheimer's for years now 
Waiting on PNS ... still no news 
waiting on the damn ashland bus 
Waiting on the flippin A/C guy. I really wish I could still be sleeping 
waiting on the rain to stop. 
Waiting out the storm before heading outside to do night check in the barn. Area is under flash flood watch. Hoo-Ray. 
Waiting outside a locked door for dinner 
Waiting Patiently on my Ultrasn0w..  
Waiting Rooms Are So Boring Especially When Your Consultant Is Late 
Waiting round film set bored &amp; sad I'm not blonde. They seem to be 'colourist' haha &amp; pushing back brunettes  my back got most screentime!
waiting so loong in my uncle's house,. 
Waiting sucks 
waiting the time for study, I DONT WANT! but i have to 
Waiting til I gotta go to work 
waiting till 1pm for my exam. soo boored! 
waiting till 8:30 then off to israel! cant convince my brother to get a drink with me... 
Waiting till Monday for my Science GCSE exam worth 25% 
Waiting to aboard the plane. One hour and 30 more mins 
Waiting to attend Church so geeked.... I'm just up! crazy.... sleepless in Nigeria.... 
Waiting to board my flight back to NY. I had 2 hrs of sleep &amp; 3 muskateers for bkfast lol  womp womp
Waiting to board. 
Waiting to board... Wish me luck - there is nothing I hate more then flying 
Waiting to check baggage at charlotte airport 
Waiting to fail my first exam at 2  I just want these to be over and done with &amp; start fresh!
waiting to get in the shower :/ feel so tired today. didn't have the early night I planned 
waiting to get on computer ugh low battery 
Waiting to get the bike ride started--- man its getting hot out there 
waiting to get told to clean&amp;watching some american idol thing. gabbis sleeping 
waiting to give double red at the red cross. very crowded and no good snacks.  
Waiting to go in the buildinggggg 
waiting to go to 4th period to get the final over with. omgg im sooo gonna fail 
Waiting to go to sleep... But my brain isn't minding 
waiting to go to work 
Waiting to go to work and clean a lot of theaters. 
waiting to go to work...all my family is sleeping and I am not...  not fair.
Waiting to hear back about husband's interview today. 6 months with no job yet is really stinking.  
Waiting to hear from seller's agent to see if he's willing to come down $100K, but I doubt it. Really bummed right now. 
waiting to hear more on my best friend's mom. Tractor accident. She's on a ventilator, damaged lung. definitely a broken arm. 
waiting to hear news about my grandma    she might have had a stroke.... i might have to head home sooner than planned
waiting to leave 
Waiting to leave this place. I think I might have to go see a doctor... It still hurts... 
Waiting to leave work and missing my lady 
Waiting to make up a test. Thought it started at 7:00 not 7:30.  Boring day today, half the group is at Pitt. Yayy.
Waiting to put my story about Stereo Skyline up. Don't know where to put it. BOOOO 
Waiting to see a message on here from MaryEllen 
Waiting to see the beatles on the price is right- FUCK YOU GUYS!!  i wanna go to a taping too!
waiting togo home ! leaving good for nothings, can't do nothing for me &amp;my life niggas behind . this could be our problem but nah... 
Waiting tram 
waiting tv at work. my knees hurt today  ~&gt;Blondie&lt;~
waiting very impatiently in the er.dislocated knees suck..ouch 
waiting waiting waiting.......wen will matty b come home 
We're running so late tonight 
Were stuck in a boring hotel  so I'll bother you all day
We're the eyecandies at candies! Yaay to my girls but the cherry on our cake @LimeIce is missing 
Were The World Mine still not available on UK iTunes Store 
were three seconds, but I felt your hand, I swear, It's stupid, I know but I just felt you â™¥ omg, I love u so much  and I hate it haha :p
We're trying to support local restaurants for lunch but the first four places we tried today were closed.  
Were you serious about that happy meal?! ...its not coming is it? 
weres taylor 
werkin' the new tweetdeck iPhone app, thought for sure I could type in landscape mode, guess not 
wes is home again, day 4. headache has subsided but now dizzy w/some nausea&amp;sed rate came back elevated. 
Wes you said you were going to bed 
west brom, reading then sheff wed - rudderless nufc could find the championship unforgiving 
West Palm Beach Flickr Set is up.... I think I'm going to have to break down and get a subscription  http://twurl.nl/vu67ii
west tour... rain rain go away, now we can't set up today!   tournament is cancelled! sad day!
Westboro Baptist Church is protesting in my townn. Fred wasn't there himself though. and there was a lil girl holding a sign 
Westside rehearsal today then Rikku's farewell dinner. 
wet and tired at bush gardens 
Wet and windy, not looking forward to my ride home 
Wet Backs and Soaking Sheets, Oh My! http://a2a.me/NvA My new blog post about my repelling #clothdiapers 
wet from head to toe... 
Wet hair in my eyes. 
we've been decorating all day and still no where near finished 
We've been gazumped on the house.  Don't believe it.  
We've been good 2gether... Inseperable since we first met. You're attractive and functional. It's just i want more apps! My home is mac! 
We've been live for 3 weeks and have 40 users - very exciting. Bad news is we're below Prison Conjugal Harmony dating on google 
We've entered that zone where its getting exponentially darker by the minute  need some help god! Pretty pls?
we've got @jonathanrknight @donniewahlberg &amp; @jordanknight &amp; @dannywood tweeted 2day but @joeymcintyre went 2 dance&amp;never came back 
we've got a park playdate today, but it looks like rain.  
We've got a wild bees nest in our lawn, but it's been dug up by something - what do you think did it and what can we do? bees look sad  
We've joined a training course to become a good volunteer and my friend lost his molbile phone 
We've never spent this much time apart unless one of us was in jail.  Goddamn he smelled good tonight!
Waiting with cake is the worst kind of wait! Where's that boy that distracks me when I need him!!! 
waiting. luke is probably down for the night. &amp; my love it still @ work. pleh. 
Waiting... Daisy ate all the bread, crackers, apple turnovers, and balloons off the counter   she is in trouble
Waiting....I hate when I straighten my hair it never stay super straight all day 
waiting....waiting....waiting.... , ouwh i hate waiting 
Waiting...delayed train! 
Waitn n line @ Rue Bar. Shoulda listened 2 Sara... my feet hurt 
waitting for seconed class 
Wake up and can barely walk  its gonna b a limp I'm mean long day...boo I got to run errands allday but this is gonna b a great day!!!
Wake up at 9 am wiiii its just increasely everyday coz I couldn't wake up in the morning easily anymore since jobless 
Wake up early: No / Watch Mary &amp; Max @ Nova: No / Call my interviewees: No /  Go to State Lib: No / OMG, have I done nth?! 
wake up in Paris, but it's grey ..  need more sun !!
wake up please i miss you 
Wake up time! I think I got a little too much sun yesterday, 
wake up with a very bad stomachache.  
WAKE UP! it's TBC! WCQ and SHOW BIZZ BUZZ coming up...Your EBINGO numbers B9, I27, N41, G55, O72. Ed McMahon dies  Sunny 24 2day!
Wake up, practice, shower, church. That's what my wednesday consists of. Seems like there's no more &quot;me time&quot; anymore 
Wake Up..... Please. 
wake. at home. my whole body aches. i feel horrible. what should i take?  
wakefield start tonight. i like him as a consistent pitcher, but miss jason playing 
wake'n up...wondering if any of my dallad friends wana go to cheddars today? sho miss my bff living here 
wakes up feeling lonely...  *emo*
wakes up in a strange bed often. No sign of another warm body though 
wakeup call tomorrow  . go me!
wakey wakey people, early to rise and off to work now 
Wakey wakey! Pfff, going to school only to listen to some presentations is NOT the way I wanna spend my day... 
Wakey Wakey, rise and shine! school again today.. nayy! 
Wakey wakey. MAN! I'm so tired wish I could go back to sleep 
Wakey wakey...eggs n bakey! I do want some bacon 
Wakey y'all! My stomach is killing my body 
wakin up  to the rain hiiting ma window pane brings be me no joy 
Waking ^ 2 a lovely mother's day...I love ya mom! Sorry I can't make it 2 church &amp; for the BBQ 2day / 2night...  Man...&quot;What a bummer!&quot;
waking up  and hating summer school.. 
Waking up &amp; spending a penny has exhausted the 3 greys. It's their last day.  going for a special long walk to say byebye.
Waking up a/ a headach &amp; stomach hurts. Whatever I ate last night not eating again no time soon. Missing a graduation 
Waking up at 2:30. Lazy Sunday for sure. @bjcrumps is moving all her stuff out  I need to go and get some food like whoa.
waking up at 4 just to be early to school to study chemistry.  in the end im not studying thoo.
Waking up at 4:30 am with cramps is awful. 
waking up at 4:50 am for work is not fun 
Waking up at 5 pm feels so nasty. hahaha My ankle hurts.  Damn Donato. haha
Waking up at 8:30 is not my idea of a good start to a Sunday 
Waking up cooking hella hungry 
waking up earlier, doesn't make monday any better. 
Waking up from a 3 hour nap with the babies. Poor things are locked in the extra room for a day or two 
Waking up in 4 hours .... whoooo!! This is gonna be.... fun... 
Waking up in 4 hours.  Mosquitos really love my blood or something cause i have bites all over. Any recommendations?
Waking up is probably the worst part of my day 
Waking up is so much harder when it's raining and you're wearing the duck jammies 
waking up late, still on time for work... and looking damn good! but damn, i wanted some waffle house!! 
Waking up Monday morning is tough 
Waking up pretty sad 2day. What a way 2 go out....best team in the NBA sent home 
Waking up really late stinks, missed an opportunity to see my family  at least my hips are feeling a little better
waking up regretfully, maybe I should go back to bed 
Waking up sick and having to call off work sucks. 
waking up this late is not the business.. I don't even know what to do with myself. I feel like I missed out on everything 
Waking up this morning was torture 
Waking up to 8 new txts is sad...bcz all of them are tweets and none real, personal msgs  but im guilty too.
Waking up to a headache 
Waking up to bad news is 
Waking up to the sound of jackhammers is not a pleasant way to start the day. 
waking up too earlyyy! 
waking up wheezing and coughing long before my alarm for work is not fun, let alone a good thing 
Waking up with a headache is not a way to start the day 
waking up with a shitty headache sucks! way to ruin my whole day you stupid jerk headache 
Waking up with some migraine to ruin my day 
Waking up with sun + blue sky was really great but now itÂ´s again grey in grey outside 
waking up with two detached eyelashes UNDER your eyelid is not a pleasant thing... 
Waking up! 
Waking up! Feeling sick 
Waking up,,, pool party time,,, 
waking up... wondering how long the wisdom tooth pain and swelling is going to last. ouch. i need to eat and cannot 
waking up.... 
Waldemar Matuska died  I still love his songs.
Waldo tienee sueÃ±oO! 
wales got knocked out of the 7s in the semi by fiji! 
Walk is canceled today       It is pouring in Olive Branch.
Walked 5 miles yesterday, and . . . weighed 2 pounds MORE this a.m.  Not a happy camper right now. 
walked all of central park today. met up with some friends. now my feet are covered in blisters... 
wew , lots of papers on my bed .  i should study all of that papers . OHH NO !
Wexford just lost Leinster senior hurling championship semi-final to Dublin -  ouch!
Wey yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! 
WH C dinner was hilarious wish I could have been there 
Whaaaaat?? 3am in Europe!! OMGG!! I am like feeling so tired right now and it's just 08:46pm  I so wanna watch it but I can't :'(
Whaaaaat??!?!?!?we can't be friends no more how can u say shit like that son....unfollow me son..damn I can't believe u said that  smh
Whaaaat a strong rain just came over us here in Santa Clara. I wish I could sleep but I got to attend to an important meeting 
whaaatt? victor and tammy won on the amazing race? I'm spoiled  . ours will be aired later this evening,oh well they deserve it
whaat happen to the california sun ? 
whack ass miami....it's pouring 
Whale Wars just started and I'm already crying  I read about this killing after it happened in Feb, but seeing it is heartbreaking. 
what  lovely day in Perth City. I am off soon to Test Drive the New Mini D. I know it will not compare to my old 73 Clubman mini 
what a bad day  all i want is to see my friends 
WHAT A BAD DAY. 
what a bad rainy day  But im invited to a beautiful wedding in august - we'rer going to bella italia - Venezia ;)
what a bad taste in mouth..my shipping of 400d delayed 
what a beautiful day - shame I've got to spend it in an office 
What a beautiful day again. Shame about work 
what a beautiful day and i stuck at home cleaning 
What a beautiful day for a ride to church *tear* bike won't be ready until Tuesday 
What a beautiful day here in AZ! I'm going to miss this house 
What a beautiful day!  Too bad I work 
What a beautiful day! I wish I could go to the beach! 
What a beautiful day! It's also Go Skateboarding Day but I doubt I'll even skate cause the park by my house is closed today. 
what a beautiful day. what disgusting maths. 
What a beautiful day... to be working 
What a beautiful day... Too bad i woke up to a sore throat 
what a beautiful day.... I only wish my daughter wasn't sick! 
What a beautiful day...guess that means yard work 
What a beautiful knockout tonight. I keep thinking about that last feint, overhand left ko punch. None of the highlights show it 
what a beautiful mornin...a nice walk and a joint..jus what the doctor ordered..now for decorating...  
what a beautiful night but sorry I had to stay so close to home 
What a beutiful day.  even though the pens lost last night.  
what a bitch! banned from eating kit-kats cause i 'never ate all my dinner' 
What a blooming bad day 
What a bore I am working 
what a boring day 
what a boring day. no one is answering my texts 
what a boring dull day! 
what a boring life i lead 
what a boring weekend 
what a boring weekend this is turning out to be 
What a boring weekend. Bummer. 
What a bummer   I have Oreos but no milk. What did I do to deserve such punishment?
What a bummer the weather is so f-cking bad here 
What a BUST!!! I was so willing, yet i didn't get chosen to be on a jury, let alone be on a panel to get chosen for a jury 
What a busy day ... am disappointed that today's show is a repeat 
What a busy day, can't believe it's nearly 5pm!  Haven't been out all day, other than to get some milk first thing...  
what a cold autumn morning.... 
What a complete waste of a day off this has been 
What a contradiction....   Summer in MIAMI = RAIN !!!!  
What a crappy weekend! Ppl bailed out on plans all weekend. 
What a crazy day. Having to make a tape for my route. 
what a crazy manic Harry Potter filled week that was. Now I'm depressed that it's all over 
What a cute little southern wedding that was! So happy for David and Rachael! Spending time with the fam today, cuz tomorrow we leave 
What a day and I am stuck in work till 6pm 
What a day at work, for the man! Nothing but problems and I wasn't able to spend a single moment doing anything other than work! 
What a day for a cup final. Let's get the double wrapped up Rangers ! And Im going to get burnt today, I can feel it 
what a day to work..typical, sunny when not off!!!!!! Curses 
What a day! School, 3 hour nap, &amp; now spongebob eating BIG cheetoh balls. My cut on my lip hurts  it keeps bleeding.
What a day! The weather is pretty awful in Germany and I have headaches. 
what a day! ups and downs! not cool. but i have a maths test tomoz GCSE's  but alls good i think it will be oki. wish me luck.
what a day!!  im tired....sigh 
what a day!! bought everything I need(haven't found the book though), ahh the final exam is around the damn corner... sad 
What a day!! If only it could last longer eh?? 
what a day, didn't get up till lunch time then cut my hand on a breadknife 
what a day. Dentist for filling, dr for husband's inner ear, back home then work. Got stuck in Del Mar fair traffic. 
What a day. had fun at the beach. Burnt to a crisp now, ouch 
What a day. Mortgage lenders just seem intent on making life as hard as possible for the humble broker 
What a day... Blog crash  2 hours back up and running http://zzscott.com/blog
what a day..... no time to catch any rays today 
what a day...and it hasn't ended. 
What a day/night. I couldn't even look at him w/o crying  I love you baby, stay strong!
What a disaster area  easy for the Royals
What a drag. I missed my sons state champ game.  but on the upside. The car will now have a new radiator!
What a dull and rainy day... rain rain rain... 
what a dull day in glasgow today  what should a do to pass the time?
What a failure of a Saturday night - 3 assignments and work early in the morning. I wish I was in Melbourne. 
what a first day? 
What a friday!! 
What a frustrating and bad morning , everything that can go wrong went wrong 
What a frustrating day 
What a fuckin wanker !!!! AAaaarrrrgggghhhh ! PRICK !!!! Hope u sleep well sweetheart !! Cant believe u havnt got the bed !!! 
What a fucking day im so glad to be home 
What a fucking mess 
What a fucking perfct day to be @ a pool! drinking, eating, &amp; scub fun!! too bad i'm @ work....  grrr 
What a fukin day, Almost to hot to go outside, why don't i live near a beach anymore 
what a game by Egypt,totally worth it! hope they can go all the way took forever to get home though  where were stewards after the game?
What a gloomy day    Cricket is on though so may be able to watch an England Victory in between the odd bit of work...
What a gloomy day in the OC,Cali 
what a gloomy day out 
What a glorious day it is... I actually feel like mowing the lawn for the hell if it. I'm getting old 
What a glorious week. My best holiday ever I think. I so don't want to go home in the morning 
What a gloriously sunny day - I think I'll spend it in a darkened edit suite ... Again 
What a good night, just wish it woulda lasted longer.  I miss my Kara 
What a gorgeous day out and I have to spend it at work until 7 PM.  
what a gorgeous day shame i cant enjoy it got a baby attached to my leg 
What a gorgeous day! ...to spend inside 
what a gorgous day it is! All thats missing is cold beer 
what a great day! too bad it's suppose to rain for a couple days 
What a great day. Great ppl. Gonna miss those not going to truman 
what a great end of junior high school though some things are still missing.. 
What a great night of sport: Wallabies and Lakers on fire! Shame about the Roosters 
What a great night...not  Bloody family, what's the point
What a great start to my last weekend of relative freedom for a while. Sorry, just feeling like I've hit a low  
What a great way to spend a public holiday- doing assignments! (I'm being sarcastic btw) 
What a great way to spend Friday....at school working on our final paper! Did I mention it's a 150 page report... 
What a great week! Cali 09 is in the books! Heading back to Indiana tomorrow morning! 
What a great weekend!!! Now back to stupid Monday mornings 
What a great weekend... Now back to work 
@thisiswilson I called his 'house'. He was out. 
@thismadworld you shall be mine! you will be my perfect excuse! Sunday, 31? yes? Can't do 30, we have some seminar in the office 
@ThisModernDeath Ah, my phone has been locking as in the totally unresponsive sense.  
@ThisModernDeath hey, you volunteered! 
@thismodernpanda I'm getting into Euston 
@ThisMuchIKnow couldn't find fabric, so no matching. 
@thisryanross i am sad as of today i havent seen you in a year 
@ThisStarChild  ^^ yay keep me safe from @the_apostate and hannah montana 
@ThisStarChild *uhum* try that again - unlike the pretty women on here I just don't look 21 any more 
@ThisStarChild i'm shattered now it's been a long hard day at work x 
@ThisStarChild It's just a shame what wisdom comes with age, but age destroys youth 
@thixotropic But I want true cake. 
@thizgurl hmmm have they suggested a special diet? Will you be going back? It must be quite painful... 
@Thnx4theGum Yes did I not post on it? Totally stuck for inspiration on Badinage now though 
What a hard day  SEMANGGGAAATTTTT !!!!!!!!!!
what a hard week, I need a clone 
what a heavy day, just an hour to go here 
what a heavy eating sat.. 
What a hilarious night. I AM UP SO EARLY 
what a hopeless day!     
What a horibble Day.. But alright..I'll survive it 
What a horible night! I dont know what to think or do  im just gonna sleep on it
What a horrible afternoon 
What a horrible day!  Enough said.
What a horrible start to summer noone wants to hang with me 
What a horrible time to be woken up in that dream. Things were just getting good. 
What a horrible ufc, the silva fight was pathetic. Sad end to chuck Liddell 
what a hot day 
What a hot day, can't get enough of this gorgeous weather, Gutted i have to look at it from my office window 
What a HOT!!! day 
What a Lame day.  I`m sure it`ll pass me by with NOTHING to do.
What a lazy Sunday morning. Sunday Times and coffee, that was it!  Silverstone GP at 1300, must watch, could be the last one held there 
What a let down! Apple website now says the new iPhone software won't be ready until 6/18! 
what a let down, Google wave isn't an online Mexican Wave at all 
What a life wasting away in a cubicle 
what a lonely feeling at the clipper 
What a long day of sch  - http://tweet.sg
What a long day. And still going. Sacbound for Justin's family party. Sad I missed Nanay's going away 
What a long day. Annnnd I really need a new job. 
what a long night. i got home at 5! reading native son and trying to get rid of my headache 
What a long raining working day.  http://myloc.me/4DUV
what a lonng day at work. and i have to go back in 11 more 
What a loooong day...and it 's not yet over. 
What a lousy day  ... buh...
what a lovely and sunny day!! but i am sitting home 
What a lovely day 2 go thru tribulation! 
What a lovely day and I'm sat inside working 
What a lovely day we are having! I really want to get out of my room and stop doing coursework to enjoy it!!! 
What a lovely day! heard it'll rain tommorrow though!  I hope not i finally feel like summer is here!
What a lovely morning shame I'm sat in the office looking out. 
what a lovely start to the weekend tears, smacked my head on the draw, no plans and no clothes 
what a lovley morning...just a shame its a monday 
What a miserable day. Indeed the whole week looks miserable. I hoped to take the kids fishing, but won't be in this weather 
what a morning... driving a military truck when it overheats. now stuck on side of I10 waiting for a tow truck... all b4 coffee 
What a movie. wish it was enough to make this day good 
What a nap LOL I missed the whole game   at least we won! GO LAKERS!
what a nice day but i dont want to go out 
what a nice day! ~ back to work tomorrow 
what a night last night! woooo! okay now time to get ready to leave  booo
what a night!! studying all day now  then bartending at 11
what a night. back to my bad mood  aarr
What a night. I try to be the nice guy and stay sober, and end up sleeping on my own floor due to drunk girls. 
what a nightmare 
What a nigtmare 
What a nite! I scratch my car ... so sad. 
What a Nite...HATE Hangovers  Going Back To Sleep!
What a perfect day to stay home. I am literally schlepping off to work. 
What a perfect day to test my strength... Big day at work, showing signs of cold (flu), lack of sleep, and not quite in a happy state... 
what a perfecy morning call!  i need vacation.. seriously
What a pickle the UCI have got in to  http://tinyurl.com/mno57y
What a pity ! Susan Boyle didn't win 
what a pity-dexter-dog. the distemper disease has spread to his body. I see his eyes is like as to pull back, and I hear his sad howling 
what a poopy day  ohhh well, ill be stuck at work anywayyyy
what a rainy day 
What a rainy weekend its been. Hubby is not well either  poor bugger.
what a rough and tumble couple of days...BLEH 
What a rough night my baby has a fever 
what a rough, long day.  Isaac and Grace were in rare form..think the rain made them more disagreeable...I'm so ready for bed... 
what a rubbish day, want to take the wee man out but it looks like its gonna pee down   think we need to go out and hope its ok
What a rubbish nights sleep  Lucozade and adrenaline needed! Cardiff today though...woo!
What a sad and shitty ending to Medium 
What a sad day, just found out my grandmother is sick and in the hospital... 
What a sad jon and kate plus 8.  Was really hoping they were gonna stop the show and work on their marriage. Guess not
what a saturday night  #awaresg
what a shambles... I mortified myself 
What a shit day 
What a shit day it is in the UK today. @umulum I wish your laptop worked  Twitter isn't the same doll. xoxo
What a shitty bday this year. 
what a shitty day  sooosooosooo much rain and no one to cuddle in bed with 
What a shitty day! I had gardening planned, I'll have to tackle my mountain of ironing instead 
what a shitty day. off to work in a minute 
What a shitty nights sleep,first the cat being sick,then a spider in my room..arrrrrrgh Poor Ricky Hatton too 
What a shitty weekend, my locker got broken into at the YMCA 
what a short night..this fucking flu  but yesterday was nice &lt;3&lt;3 great lovely day
what a short weekend 
what a silence day! I'm hungry 
What a simply horrible nightmare. 
What a slow steak night... 
What a snooozy day. 
What a sorry Saturday. Missed the game and fight due to being sick laying in bed all day. 
What a stormy day! Sunday afternoon, but I don't wanna go outside  Might be soaking wet 
what a stressful day  at the office...
what a suck... I cant even watch &quot;You Belong With Me&quot; music video because i dont have computer 
What a sucky week.. got dumped for some other girl.. and my grandad passed away yesterday and i think im going to get hypothermia 
what a sunny day ! &amp; im stuck in  MEH
what a sunny day! but I'll be the whole day at university.. 
what a super awesome really swell day. 
What a super beach day!! and what a sun burn 
what a tiring day 
What a tiring sunday morning.. 
What a tragedy 
What a travesty, No Margaret on the apprentice next year! 
What a voice. I really enjoyed the Karnak questions. Both are gone now 
What a wackkk Saturday so far!!! Ughh.. I need to move!!! I'm too far from everybody!! 
What a wake up call. Another doctor's appointment at 2:40 PM today. 
What a wast of time... I don't think I am going to be a twitter bug....... 
what a waste of a day. i miss my friends 
What a wasted night; culd hav gone bed early bt insistd on styin up to do wrk, bt culdnt actualy concentrate  *sigh* up again in 3hrs....
What a way to start the weekend. 
What a way to wake up 
What a weather..  better get some bubble tea to è§£çƒ­. 
What a week untill now! And i must work on saturday!  but with my honye!   what a week!
What a week.... Vacation, moving, surgery, funerals... I adore sleep now more than evar 
What a wicked game to play, to make me feel this way.. what a wicked thing to do, to let me dream of you... 
What a wonderful day outside! I'm a little bummed out that my fibromyalgia is bothering me AGAIN today. 
What a yucky day to come ... 
What about me  i want Nasty Nate
What about with me?  @lyndseyfree  now I'm sad and you can't say anything to make me feel better!
what am i doin.......well my phones being retarted and im bored for the rest of the half term 
what am i doing now.. i feel like a pet left in a rain 
WHAT AM I DOING STILL NOT STUDYING, grr. i just cant get started!  i need to get my sh@t together and get started.
What am I doing up, awake, at this hour? I need to be sleeping IN!!!!!!! 
What am I doing?  I'm not doing shit.  
what am i doing?  not sleeping.  
what am i doing? i want ice cream... Candice wont get it for me.. and i'm laazy tonight.... no ice cream for me 
What am I doing? Nothing! I can barely move.The very little muscle I have in my body kills! My knees are all cut up and bruised too.Gah! 
What am I doing? Trying to give up smoking that's what! Grrrr... it's only been an hour 
What am I doing? Well, it's not Patrick Stump  bahahaha, best line I ever made up
what am i doing? what can i do? 
what am i goin to do tomorrow! why doesnt anyone want to hang? 
what am i going to do now that its raining  i wanted to go to the market
What am I going to do when I no longer have a washer/dryer in my own home? I hate the laundry mat! 
What am I going to do with 8pm on a Monday night after this week? No more gadget show till August 
What am I going to do without my Badzio 
what am i going to do without my friends?!?! 
What am I going to do? My ipod is DYING!  ..Nowhere near a charger
what am i gonna do and i cant see my dms 
What am I gonna do today without my sister 
what am i gonna do with out my princess winner name twin all summer???   
what am i telling... I'm in love with somebody i dont really know... havent ever talked to... this is sad and kind of childish 
what am l doing?? .....nothing much atm 
What an afternoon for sport, Spanish GP, Manchester Derby &amp; Arsenal v Chelsea - I'll be visiting my Mom-in-law, she's in hospital... 
What an amazing day. Warm, sunny and I'm off! Sky HD installed, but TV seems unimpressed with the HDMI 1.1 it offers 
what an ass whole i am super pissed at his dumb ugly skinny self! 
what an asshole . fuck you too !    
What an awesome weekend! And I just saw Tim Robbins [again] at the courts on MacDougal. His hair is white.   Andy Dufresne shouldn't age!
what an awkward day. it sucked 
what an eventful night. jeeeepers! it's 7:20! i need ktfo asap. 
what an exhausting day ! went to cheer rehearsal then off to ps then pim huaaahhhh.. my knee still hurts 
What an headache... 
what an unbelievably mad day this is! started off with no less than football's best team losing to one super chotthe team! 
what an unproductive week.....   
what an unproductive weekend 
What another amazing day in London! don't wanna be inside when it's like this  #fb
What another weekend gone bad. 
What are some of your feel-good movies? I could sure use some 
What are the chances of this happening? Poor bird  http://youtube.com/watch?v=RtlLX3DUrik
What are YOU doing?  Shane! Don't cry!!
What awful punishment as soon as I got the all stools sold out page Circus came on the radio.  Sold out in freakin 3 Mins!
What awful weather it is today 
what better way to deal with desparate sadness then to post it onto the internet?? 
What can i do today, when it's raining out? How i hate the rain 
what can i do today? I'm not showing face, but i've picked out a cute outfit... 
what can we give to the victims ?  i would hate to give them empty promises   but what else do i have ?
what can you do when you see your best friend's true face ? I forgot how to puke 
what channel are the CMT awards on? 
What code coverage tool to use for Spring and Dependency Injection ? Cobertura says my code coverage is 0 
what couLd be woRse than got stabbed on uR back by uR own bestfRiend ??! 
What could have been so bad that he would end it all in my pool   poor squirrel
What did @gbazz do to @twitter (more likely what did @twitter do to @gbazz) 
What did I do to deserve this???? 
What did I do to make you dislike me? 
what did i do wrong sha. i visit you one day, and you tell me you love me, now, for some reason, you hate me and wont tell me why. please 
what did i do wrong? but we dont meet in these days... dont do this by ur own standard, it hurts me so much... so i cant believe ppl! 
What did I eat that is causing this horrible tummy ache!?  ow ow.
What did I learn today? Never post anything you've sold on ebay using royal mail. They lose it, I refund: compo's nowhere near - my bad 
What did I tell yall? I am bored already! And I cant go to sleep yet. Its saturday and no fun 4 me gotta go back 2 work 2nite.   fills me
What do i do in two hours of study? So bored 
what do I do when I have nothing to do? 
What do i do with my life  still in bed
what do I wanna make for food? 
What do u do when ur having second thoughts about a person 
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back. hahahaha not.. I need a good joke 
what do you do if you develop a temporary lisp? ANNE AH MISH YOU X but seriously twice@ the temp lisp 
What do you do when the only man you could ever trust is out of your life forever? 
What do you do when you cut all your hair off &amp; then you passionately HATE IT!!!  I made a BIG mistake 
What do you do when you find out you can't trust one of your best freinds? I hate people who are too-faced  Love the make-up brand though.
WHAT DO YOU GET THE BEST TEACHER ADVISER IN THE WORLD FOR A RETIREMENT PRESENT?!!?!?! 
What do you guys think of this laptop : http://is.gd/14roc ? Oh, I just bought it. with #Vista 
What do you think about the Blizz/MD pet only being available in US? As an American in Holland, I think it sucks  http://digg.com/u15kZQ
what do you think?  Hum........workin.....  
What does a girl have to do to get her boyfriend's attention? 
what DOES one do with a &quot;worhaholic&quot; who never seems to leave his/her job?  
What does pin.mismatch mean? It's an error preventing me from logging into Beejive! 
What does pneumonia feel like?  It's really hard to breathe.
What does the recent acquisition of eMusic by Sony give me? I now have 37 downloads a month instead of 50. Canceling membership 
what dreams may come 
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU DO IN THIS TWITTER THING OTHER THEN FROM TALKING OT MYSELF ?! 
What else to do on a rainy day beside staying home? I can't go on a bike ride with my cousins 
what exactly is davina wearing ?!!   Love her.... but major fashion faux par!
what exactly is halo reach? im still lost  trailer looks brilliant though (for how little it is) #xboxE3
What exactly is the correct protocall for when u get a car &quot;holla&quot;? Cuz I just walk and pretend not to notice, but they say I'm mean 
@thoijohnny lucky 
@tholdersr i love my new true blood bg now!! hehe ;-) its so hard to choose between rob and true blood!! *sighs* 
@tholdersr not swine flu i hope??  i don't even remember.... hehe :-P
@thom_white I manually typed his name instead of using Reply button. This makes tweet public but breaks &quot;in Reply to&quot; threading. 
@Thomas_of_Troy  that is absolutely devastating...
@ThomasBonnin I agree 100%. If only debs could reply 
@thomaschichak I washed mine and the next day when I came out of my house there was bird poo all over it 
@thomaschrist @victoriazombie obviously neither of you appreciate &quot;arrested development&quot; references.  
@thomasdavies I want to be able to do nothing 
@thomasdurden  I'm listening to their new cd now 
@thomasfiss Damn, my fave highway are so great! Want to be there too! 
@thomasfiss i flew from washington to calfornia , are you still gonna be at the meet&amp;  greet tomorrow ? 
@thomasfiss i wouldn't know  maybe you should take a field trip to florida (:
@thomasfiss in japanese, that's pretty sick. I miss you!  
@thomasfiss Nooo, the Tweet About You vid has been removed??? Why!? I only saw it 1 time 
@thomasfiss noooo rain!!! That means its coming to Laguna!I wanted to go to the beach tomorrow! 
@thomasfiss nope foget it  u should take a pic of ur new hair
@thomasfiss thomas...do u not like me anymore? you never tweet me back and u never got me that ice cream!  love ya!
@Thomasfiss WHY DONT U REPLY TO ME  U made me sad... {*Leah*}
@thomasfiss wjen is there gonna be the thomas fiss app? I cant wait, 
@thomasfuchs it doesn't work in the latest SL seeds either, so you're not missing out 
@ThomasGermalulz  I don't like prescription drugs! They make me ill  and sleep aids always make me hallucinate instead of making me sleep.
@ThomasGudgeon awww, so much revision 
@ThomasGudgeon it's raining here 
@ThomasGudgeon My cat woke me up :-D And then I found out the electric had gone with no Internet! 
@ThomasGudgeon Remember that the 360 doesn't have built in wireless  and the adapter is Â£60
@ThomasGudgeon Well yes, Shame that you can only get the plastic one for the first generation. 
@thomasgutches sigh.... disappointing...  
@ThomasHensel  Feeling okay, despite a slight headache.  Working on City Faeries per my agreement with Felix. ;)
@ThomasHensel  Yes. The couple lives in N. Calif, good friends, whn I lookd in her eyes, I felt her pain &amp; grieving frm other moms losses 
@ThomasHensel hes mad at me 
@thomasjayr looks delicious! i want some   and btw, netflix has failed me. i put your movie as #1 and they sent my #2 
@thomaslandgraf The trouble is that we did everything by Skype and the Internet connections were apparently not that good. 
@thomasleeiv  Darn. I had to go home.  
@ThomasMaurer me want #subway toooo! 
@thomasmike yeah her influence was definately there and she obviously has more control of the kitchen than matters on the pitch 
@thomasq i don't know how to twitpic from the computer 
@thomasrdotorg well, I haven't paid my super for 2 years, so technically I owe about $12K 
@thomasroche  You'll never hear surf music again. 
@thomasscriven you should get on that i miss you guys 
@thomaswtf you'd better keep it a secret! i'm only on season 3 
@thomleaman oh poo! we leave for Croatia that day or else we'd be well up for it 
@thomlyons sorry I couldn't make it thom... I would have loved to see them live as I missed out last time as well 
@Thomothy  
@Thomothy wish I was there 
@thornandes 18-21 june. Mmm.. 
@thornberrylara I bet wikipedia/google just took a hammering for 'torticollis'. Poor girl 
@Thorney88 I tried but couldn't find his hotel 
@Thorney88 not the kind of impression i like to send out 
@Thorney88 oh and i feel for you getting up at such an unearthly hour 
@THOROBREDREN send me some good vibes ... I'm having an awful day. I need to remember that I need to shine 
@thoroh213 it needs to be cold and rain! this weather scares me.  (earthquakes)
@thoroh213 its only dope when its cold! but its humid  so I don like it.
@thoughtcrims, damn you for posting that!! I sooooo wanna go but can't  I thought you liked me why punish me so :p
@thoughtmecca still on track to move back, albeit in 2-3 years.  However, my buddy Jen is now moving with me, so we're on a FAST track!
@ThoughtsHappen forgot it at home 
@thoughtsigns Does it update who is a cylon and who isn't?  Or who actually managed to survive the series?  I was sad to see Dee.  
@thousand_miles no 
@ThousandSeven es qe nose qe me pasa 
@thoushaltkissme 8:30  but we should do something when I get off!
@thoushaltkissme I just passed an old lady in purple leggings &amp; I thought of you. 
@Thr333 thanks me too 
@thraeryn Oh man    I actually remembered this time after missing like two weeks.  Yall suck  :p  Woot for the picnic though!
@ThrallMind Bad man. 
@thrashhits i'll tell you who it wasnt, me! Really want to go 
@ThrashMetalDude I dont think I will find you 
@thrashneverdies Nebukadnezza are great. I wish  I could make the launch party 
@threadless #threadless Wishing I could afford to sport Solar System or Rainforests 
@threadless I wish I was wearing some things are just out of reach. I left it in Boston when I went home for the summer!  #threadless
@threadless I wish I was wearing the Cerberus puppy shirt... I love that shirt... but I haven't been able to buy it yet  #threadless
@three_fitty Muse at the 02 
@Threefevers she us not allowed to tweet unles u have teeter egg! It's going fine ready to go shopping but can't I'm broke 
@threefoxes jealous! it's such a nice day and i'm stuck inside the office 
@threehundredfps yeah that gurl of urs is incredible  it makes me sad that we dont all get to hang out (really it does. a lot.)
@threelittletree bummer 
@threeringfilly oh no! I'm so sorry to hear about your degu 
@threesheeps you mean I left before the bar opened... that is just not right... 
@threesunset I'm sorry! 
@ThriftyChicMom it reallllyyyy needed it. My dh would, but he's working on his Midterm. 
@ThriftyChicMom That is good!  Still scary though...us L.A. folks are next I guess.   Maybe I should rethink a move to inner-America
@ThrillbillyG Spoke too soon. I have to go in 6-30a-2:30p then 10-30p-6:30a 
@ThrillHillBruce hy bruce. you Not write back me email  why?
@thrish_ash   Of course i meant dedicating. I cant spell 
@thrixzie_08 hey bunso. give me updates dun sa guy mo ah. ;p haha. i hope payagan ako tomorrow! 
@throughthemist it's so sad 
@throwboy are ALL your pillows made out of fleece?? 
@throwboy seems I catch the end of them every time 
@thrressatrn Same here! So does it mean I have a B+ now?  Sorry for the super late reply, Twitter was being all lame -_-
@thrssmthnbtmry that sucks. 
@thrublueeyes oh i miss that bar! i moved to VA and they have nothing like it here 
@ThrushVintage @daniellexo I'm jealous. Life in small town middle America = no Ikea.  
@Thud_Hardbutt drivin to work... Boo 
@thug25lyfe same here!! its only monday 
@thugxjeremy double  ha
@thuhtha must be my connection then 
@thuhtha No... not that lucky  Just a birthday treat by an ADK gal... It was a blast... 
@thunderbearr hehe - thanks! Now I just need someone to help me pack. I suck at it.  Hiring movers this time, too.
@thunderberry wud you mind to tell me how is it going? I'm stuck with my pentium M... The kernel embeded in Moblin does not support P-M 
@Thunderbolt210 yeah Ken, something different! Tell us what you tonight. For ex. I missed out on the uncharted beta codes 
@thunderror  Must try then! Added to wish-list!
@thundy08 @naidaaa ok fine i'll come 
@thurrott tweetdeck on iPhone doesn't jump back to last read when loading new updated like twitterfon does. My only gripe about it 
@thursdaisy Oh Noes... 
@thursdays_child My 97 saturn will likely qualify, but we can't afford a new car even with that extra. 
@thuyvy nt rui mÃ , hok tráº£ lá»?i  Thu hoáº¡ch Ä‘i em...
@THX4U the worst is not knowing what i did 
@THYCKnYUMI I kno how u feel u. its about to b an ugly day in jersey... 
@Thydowager Anyhow only? 
@thyROMEO Im sooo sorry  she's watching over u now. Gonna miss u Melissa!
@Ti_ANY aww man thats great! I got ur text about ur bday while I was taking a nap. I can't come  I don't get off work til 9pm
@ti_whitelotus omg i know!!! i can't figure out how to make it work 
@Tia_Chanee i kno sis! i feel so pale! i would have usually went on 2 vacations by now! 
@tia_marie Is it safe?   (and I can't direct you since you don't follow me)
@tia_marie well poo  I'm still waiting on mine to get here
@TiaColleen That just happened to me a couple of days ago. I can't go without a dryer with a family of 5. Cost $208 to fix it. Ugh 
@TiaDay yeah, it's going on 8:30 here. out the door at 7:30 - so up at ...I refuse to say 0630... 
@Tiahn good coz you don't have to be there....bad coz you don't get paid 
@TiaLucia did you also wish for it to be fricking cold? i want the sun back... 
@TiaMonet27 and dnt b miss that dang boy! Wat abt ya best friend? I'm jealous 
@TiaMowry  the great thing is, though...the game is like the cosby show; reruns NEVER get old!!
@TiaMowry I ABSOLUTLY LOVE YOU! i hope that they bring back &quot;The Game&quot;  im gonna miss, melanie and derwin, the pits and Tasha Mac!
@TiaMowry I and my sis love  'THE GAME&quot; we don't know what we would do if they take it off  still living on the last epi!!!
@TiaMowry i love the game  BET needs to pick it up i heard that was in the process of being arranged but who knows [ sighs ]
@TiaMowry I reeeeeally hope BET picks the show up. I dont know what I'll do without THE GAME!   
@TiaMowry n bet r shopping 4 the show for it's fourth season...r they really shopping or is it hog wash??  i miss melanie n derwin
@TiaMowry u make my heart break  #savethegame
@Tiana_Bench awww... hugsss 
@Tiana_Jo u aint go all the way down there for that...u could b n ny  lol
@tiana_love you never told me what happened 
@TiannaChaos Oooh and no she never called 
@tiano3 wow r.les has been showing la no love. I think this is his 1st show out here &amp; kshas almost on twitter lol it didn't go thru yest 
@TiaraLaNiece I miss those days 
@tiaralynn lol. i got the bg from createblog.com. i was gonna make a victorian lay to match the georgia font but i can't find any 
@tiaramarie05 do u get on AIM anymore?i never see u on my new SN anymore 
@tiaramarie05 me either I been out &amp; about trying to find a job 
@tiarnaimrich this has me nervous 
@tiasam i'm bored  what are you doing right now? ^ ^
@TiaSparkles i am alergic to cats... i will be in pain 
@tiaws @blockhead4eva  ok girls so the problem must come from me then 
@TiberiuPetcu Sorry... It is not the same as holding a pen and drawing. I can not think with a mouse and a keyboard  http://bit.ly/I9tN4
@TIBlockhead Hey there!  So good to see you again on Sat!  I wish I was going to more shows... No more for me.   Will have to liv thru u!
@TIBlockhead you're KILLING ME! I want to go to MA soooo bad. 
@ticesk8 I'm at work 
@tickedypoph my ex BF a virgo &amp; SO particular! but clever - so i know you'll think up some gold. have a great swim! it's 11 degrees here 
@TicketyBooPhoto Not heard anything. Not enough hard info on transfers for my liking either 
@tickeyy hahaha my pill box  some guy at this resturant had tot ell me to smile. but other than that everything is fine! not burnt! woo!
@tickingclocks dude i think i am gunna cry i am in the library in tears 
@TickingTimeBomb oh nothin' pal came up form SC and we were ALL supposed to hang, but the boys left me 
@TickleJ no no, i want a nice pressie 
@TickleMeJoey can you please give a shoutout as my hand is in pain after it was trapped in a window again today  x
@TickleMeJoey Goodnight Joe, 
@TickleMeJoey jooe, I do not know to say English, I you using a translator pra I speak in English (she-ass) I never go to make right one 
@TickleMeJoey OMJ! so soon  and I can't be there - world and life are UNFAIR!!!
@ticklemesavi i hope you know i was just kidding. i dont want that joke to affect future er requests... I really was in pain 
@TiddlyWiki: thinking how a multiurl  trail would look inside an iFrame in a TW - http://tinyurl.com/otnyon - il ne marche pas  
@tidesandclouds ew, since long before that 
@tidesandclouds I'm not allowed to move out of state at the moment lolol 
@TidyCat not really, still feel like death in the tummy 
@Tidymom Trip was SOOOO fabulous!  I was as relaxed as a wet noodle. Then I came home! 
@tienqueen ya bettter...still slight fever though. being sick is sooo boring 
@tieraa 911 otw. @faeyakof belum  sad sad sad. i cant splurge.
@tierawheeler no  i just had a really bad day. &amp; The worst sun burn on my back in my life. you can see the bow/string line D:
@TiernanDouieb And not even a tube strike to blame this week 
@tierneywilson you are welcome. and yes it is. but i havent been able to sleep for 3 days. 
@TierraShante aww my dear...i wish we could hang out but i have to go to HHS grad and a grad party 
@TierraShante ummm i'm coming back to houston on the 18th 
@Tifanei i don't like it all not there 
@Tiff_luv715 lol I have so many tweets that I don't read half of them. I'm sorry but....HI TIFF!!!!! I miss our daily trip home!! 
@tiff_sings i don't wanna go to work tomorrow, i think im still gonna be exhausted (sp?) cause i am now...and idk how much sleep i'll get 
@Tiff_Tiff_Marie  I think I do it too much....
@tiff0729 Thanks Boo,I'm am glad it's done! @vamoe shoulda started early...It paid off...LOL Even thoo I neva had a babysitter 
@tiffaknee  sorry....?
@tiffanie how come you weren't at natalie's birthday party? i saw pics and the other girls were there but you werent 
@TiffanieKaye yeah they say its going too 
@tiffantastic Yea, but I liked where I was, not to big, not to small! Now I have to buy to big so they'll fit  I'll just have to learn!
@Tiffany_Kate Aww... I think it'd be better if you were in fact going. I absolutely wish that I were there as well! Or if you were here! 
@tiffany_paige we could make it happen! haha Engagement party while I'm there would be AWESOME! i was upset about missing that  lol
@tiffanyb79 What, exactly, do you want to know? Luxating patellas are all too common in Toy dogs.   Grade One, no surgery; graded up to 4
@tiffanyblews i didnt get mine yet. 
@tiffanyblews OH SHOOT!  I knew a download link for photoshop cs &amp; forgot to tell you!  I'm sorry! I posted it up on ock a long time ago.
@TiffanyCaress Thank u but I kno I did bad on my physics test yesterday. 
@TiffanyCaress yeah and I feel so lazy  involuntary naps, like I just fall asleep on the couch lol
@Tiffanyco22 Cuz you call me nasty 
@Tiffanyco22 I hope u prayed for me, I need it 
@Tiffanyco22 me 2 but I'm lazy as shit and I forgot where I parked 
@TiffanyDoughty I should have tried harder 
@TiffanyDow there is no transfer lens link! I have a whole bunch of lenses  oh well...
@TiffanyECook  I'm very happy for u, but  I'm gonna miss u!
@TiffanyGiardina ahh how is zootopiaa?! i live so close to there but i didnt goo 
@TiffanyHope  !
@tiffanyific  want to talk about it? as we tan, of course
@TiffanyJaneeee I don't know, you seemed mad 
@tiffanyjenae @cmaggard   underage friend and anothers 21 so Daquri 
@TiffanyJManager I just read your email  *hugs*
@tiffanymarie_x3 Haven't been to bed yet.  The perks of unemployment  And yes, apparently your TwitterBerry updates DO come through.
@tiffanymlowe text like it does for iPhones though  lame haha oh well
@tiffanymolleda Are you an esmee fan to woaw  I would love to talk to her on twitter but she never replys   can you help me  ThanQ
@TIFFANYPOLLARD I didn't catch you either  ! See ya!!
@tiffanyq Sleep under your desk? 
@TiffanySaucyPR At the plantation 
@TiffanyStarnes halfway home then to BBQ in midcity.  have one me!
@tiffanytroop i hate when that happens 
@TiffanyYap I know! I can't concentrate at all! I'm gonna be up late working on this HW 
@tiffawahfoo spermy facesticle. i wish you were here. im sad. first night w out brian.  gay! i want starbucks and him. gr.
@tiffchn Tiff, when will we meet??1 day to go before June! hehe! txt. my fon was busted for2 weeks so i might have missed any of ur msgs. 
@tiffehawk hey.  Ill be in houston sunday so we need to go out!  I leave the next morning 
@Tiffers62 thanks... 6 lbs in 3 weeks 
@Tifferz1517 My mom is making me go because my Brother wants to see his grandma. I dont even like her than much 
@TiffMaa yupyup i'll def be making a brief apperance at ssp to see if i know anyone still there hahah doubtful though 
@tiffmcmillan  that saddens me too....
@TiffNic25 anything but Freight Depot 
@Tiffnurse I giggled a little bit. I mean its not funny but the way they all just dropped at the same time lol.. ok ok, its rly not funny 
@tiffsoutherland love hip hop! &amp; I understand your feeling there. Unfortunately in this line of work it happens. 
@tiffunnyfranco awww sorry I can't this saturday  my dad said we have plans.
@TiffWMGIntern Awe I will say a prayer for u Tiff!!! Network, Network, Network and find a kind soul to help a sister out 
@tiffwuhoo i'm free. but not in LA. 
@tiffy_sexyy_bby I wanted to go the mall 
@tiffyb85 ahhh the barking dog. I'd say I've called the cips prob 50+ times in the past year. Still no citation, still no resolution 
@tiffychua The registration is over already?!?!?!? That sucks 
@tiffyhiggy: i got up early so i can take a shower and get ready before it gets to warm 
@tiffyoung - Hello babe! Yessss, you're the only other nettie on Twitter. None of them are! 
@tiffyT I gotta get me a new boob tube 
@tiffytau I hate that  I'm sorry!
@TiffyWhetz I had a bunch. the black &amp; pearls, w/ a rose, blue boa, purple boa, and then one with white fur. mom said no to the last. 
@Tifphiknee I'm sorry to hear that..send ur fam and ya grandmother my best wishes...I'll keep ya in my prayers 
@TigeraC i cant move 4 2 years 
@tigerbiru i can't get the channel on tv any more 
@tigerflight damn, I already dropped my and Tracy's work off at Sondra's. Now I wish I'd waited so we could grab a drink 
@tigerlily542 i love psych! what is it, stats? also, we def need to plan another wknd for u to come to nyc! sry this one wont work out 
@tigerlizzie wow, it sucked. Mexicos pollution, dust, elevation and my allergies almost did me in. Im back home now. Miss Mexico though.  
@tigerlvr28  my 9 year old will be back 1 week before school starts back   he spends the summers with his dad.
@tigersandglass disappointing.  I saw one of TGP lads play in a new band Young Heretics last month. It was a bit too Paramore for me.
@tigerwhispers  i hope they stop the screaming and fighting...
@tiggababz wooopppp  and yerr they do. i was like... really? lol. its like drive-thrus.. i was convinced they only existed in America lol
@tigger1013 *goes  as he shows he doesn't have one*
@tiggerfitch Yeah I remember Brendan selling his original iPhone to get the 3G. I have the 16G. I might have to downgrade.  Bummer...
@TiggerPiglet I've been watching the golf or not as it's turned out 
@tiggrmommi Sorry...didnt see your reply   http://www.fanfiction.net/s/4918784/1/
@tiggymooshoo That's sounds just about as un-fun as it could be.  
@tiggz Oh, I'm gonna update now. Hope it's not as crappy as the last one 
@TigMH We're not just gonna stand on a rock are we 
@Tiianaaa poor daddy. I pulled all these muscles in my back last night @ work. Can barely move  &amp; to top it off.. i have to work today.
@tiijay nou I would like to have some proof! 
@tiinytee I knooww. :| And it's the one class where I actually need POGI back-up. FTW. Ugh. 
@TiJeanOnline you still cuttn up?? woosaaaauuu didn't help?? 
@tikifreak19 I thought you got a job at Coldstone 
@Tikitender cant make it. Working. 
@tikitender wish I was going tonight    we will see day is young
@tilib   All will be ok, chick. Things have to turn around soon. xxx ((hugs))
@tilib I will try. Sorry about market research thing. Didn't know that 2008 bit. 
@TilliChapman haha, my sister would love me to take her to see that ! but i have a hangover   and tbh, i dnt think i could handle her !
@tilliet You're crazy! I need my updates! my sister @weez910 seemed to rectify the situation. It's just a pain removing 700 followers. 
@TillmanMill1ion U didnt call me! 
@tilly_26 and was still freezing! Warm now thou... Bed is warm missing supernatural thou 
@tillyandthewall ...why? 
@tillyandthewall why not 
@TillyRossetti  i just had some too- but unfortunately i didnt get magically transported back to the nineties as i had hoped.. 
@TillyRossetti i got that same person following me it was disgusting 
@tiltmodesoldier Im so sorry I thought you knew!!!!!!! 
@Tilu2 Aww, thank you. Just having a really shit time at work. I'm not well (poss virus) but we're understaffed so I have to be there. 
@Tilu2 lots more 
@TIM_berland LMAO I know I know 
@tim_blackwell u lied, still can't podcast thru iTunes!  thanks 4 trying; is it rude 2 ask u 2 try again? I really need my fix of u guys
@tim_butcher Cold 
@tim_butcher I know  You sound like you're having a great send off!!
@tim_cooke fuck off tim! i just need help with the financial 
@tim_cooke work has just been shocking, uninteresting , bland, bitchy. and i miss the weekend  and i am annoyed because...
@Tim_Gibbons Why do you continue to make me jealous? First your MBP and now 3.0?! I'm a Jailbreaker/Unlocker so I have to wait longer 
@tim_mckee I wish... it was Bill, as in Gates. 
@Tim_Wayne  I would not drug you. If I wanted to sleep with you I wouldn't *have* to drug you.
@tim_weber And now 2422 stations, or 34%, are selling over Â£1 a litre 
@tim7168  Sorry to hear that. A home isn't right without a dog.
@TimaFBaby lol. I d know how to check mineeeee 
@TimahMonae  let's go play paintball
@TimAndEric I would get the MY NEW PEP-PEP cuz my old pep-pep is too mean 
@timbe2 I think Apple is teasing us ..... 
@timbe2 I think Apple is teasing us .....  (via @69Pwned) I think apple sucks.. Jk--but it makes me sad.
@timberlysusan Oh sad! I did not see this in time. I would have loved to, but I had choir and then went to Amy's.  Rain check?
@timberwolvesftw I work tonight 
@timbloebaum I feel like a fricking elderly person when that shit happens. Almost at the point of rereading control schemes in 'Help' 
@timbo_the_king ya man! Wish I coulda seen her too 
@TimBPearson haha forreal itd be likee i lost one of my best friends 
@timbray That's been my understanding of &quot;right-wing&quot; for a long time.  
@timbrocks wish i could be there 
@timbuckteeth Would like to but can't get anyone to pay my fare back from NZ 
@timburks Re: Expert consultation at the President Barber Shop ... http://tmeet.me/KL5LM google says coords unkown 
@TimCAD I hope your hand gets better. 
@TimCAD: If it makes you feel any better Tim, I spent 3:20 (on a Saturday) doing an English exam. www.rte.ie/exams/english.html 
@TimCampbellTwit Sorry to hear about your balls not dropping tonight 
@TimCooperUK Also Cv Derby station but getting 8.36 not next one. Just burnt tongue on coffee  #localgovcamp
@timcophoto Hmm this is true... this is true... We're heading to Japan next March! That doesn't count I know 
@timcorder Thanks for calling me at some point today to tell me you were alive! Now I can't talk to you till you get home tonite 
@timcorrimal well it's all still in the crates until next weekend  ... waiting is the hardest part!
@timdifford cheers, I spotted that - couldn't find it on the App Store though 
@TimDisaster Meh. I was doing fine until my hiccups started. 
@TIME I hope that LIFE's Iranian Journalist is found.. 
@timecake Caramel Chew Chew. All gone now 
@timecake im 747 im resigned to the fact its going to be tomorrow  #asylm
@timeforparty It is not!!! I fucking hate our internet connection 
@timeforsanne You sick?  Get well soon! &amp; the Brandon guy sang a duet with Bruce yesterday. They did Thunder Road, so cute
@timegirl4468 i do most of that at work... its a hard life 
@timeistheenemy ah yes, aw man. I was so embarresed  fuck saaaake.
@timeladyk Most of the loose ends are amazingly wrapped. There are one or two they they are leaving loose because of actor schedules 
@timeril ughhhh Tim, that sucks   Hopefully BrowserHeroes will come in and rescue you from a life filled in IE captivity.
@timetogetilll I'll start doing best week ever over on this site. The economy is a bitch these days 
@TimeWarnerKabel @sammyistheshizz  I do want some buffalo wangs ughhh so hungry but broke  &amp; mom's gone
@timfernando says test tinyurl.com/okoxqq on mobiles (uses iui js/css to look like iPhone). Colleges broken  #oew0509
@timhaig I know! Doesn't work out that way for you guys, huh? 
@timhasta zomgaaaaaaaaah i want i want 
@TimHawkFan NO WAY!!!  Wow an American Icon has passed 
@timidheathen he was my ballroom dance parter and best friend 
@timjahn i almost got a PA gig working the comedy showcases! i couldve been at the George Lopez show for free! 
@timjahn Is kickball canceled? This rain doesn't look like it's going to let up 
@timjeffries sorry to hear about your friend, and his kid 
@timjennion Thank you! Can't believe I'm in on a Saturday night!  I work  weekends now, so it really has to be FUN, for me  to go out!
@timkek transvestite.. miss you 
@TimKlabunde Hi Tim! I'm lame. I'm going to miss the next happy hour. I have class 
@timlovejoy Bagpuss on the show, are you trying to kill me? I HATE him, I properly have a fear! 
@timlovejoy Come on lovejoy predict the score for 2day?  i want Everton to win dont want Utd to win everything  2-1 Toffees
@timlovejoy cos he has a funny shaped head. poor fella 
@timlovejoy how are Chelsea doing? I'm at a kids trampoline party  so don't know. Peace &amp; Love
@timlovejoy LOVEJOY!!! Why did you stop doing soccer am?? 
@timlovejoy Rangers won, but they were awful,gutted Falkirk didn't get anything 
@timlovejoy the heart ruled the head again 
@timlovejoy whats and ITP? Please don't haha oh what ajoke blackpool have newcastle at home before our 3rd stand is ready 
@timlukejones Booo  Rather shoddy, if you ask me.
@timminchinI bet I stayed awake longer... although I had no shooter  only stupid sick people who kept demanding my attention
@timmoon_cs boo why don't your tweets appear on my Tweetdeck anymore - I thought you'd fallen out of the Twitterverse 
@TimMothE Aww.  Anything in particular, or just everything in general?
@TimmyGrunt that's my back. And yes.... It'll kill. But that's another day. It'll be a 2 hour sitting 
@TimmyKo I know you hate them... but I also know they would hire you on the spot for this... http://tinyurl.com/lktkqm 
@TimmylovesPaige i miss you soo much.   im lost without your texts. Hurry back.
@timmys poor lonely shuffle 
@TimNeill It won't let me download from a Mac  Thankfully I had a secret stash of college-ruled paper in a drawer.
@TimNungesser oh no! That sounds bad 
@TimNunn sucks we can't get spotify 
@timorousme Shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself?  there's big money to be paid http://bit.ly/1864ml
@TimotheosOK It's really nasty out 
@Timothy_Carroll y not.. 
@timothydw I'm reading! ;) I loose @hannahazevedo for two days this week and then a week at the beginning of July. 
@TimothyH2O and now im mad  lol. last years AI, my friend was offering me backstage passes. i called my venue&amp;said no M&amp;G.effin liars. FML
@TimothyH2O Haha aww  My issue is the needles.
@timothyh2o last time his bro was making up stories, it could be him again  but i'm not sure. Wat i'm sure of is that,that  is not jeff:/
@TimothyH2O theyre hellllllllllllla good! yes its aussie. the only place you can get them here is cost plus. i havent had them in months 
@TimothyTheron hmm sorry, I went mia there 
@timothytiah shit. to think I'll be going back there in a few months! the flu should have subsided by then right? 
@timotime I misssssss you baby!! 
@TimP103 @5toSucceed no, not feeling better 
@TimPott I don't wannnaaaaa do more 
@timrs2001 just wait....you think it's fast now? Mine just graduated college...she was just born yesterday, wasn't she? 
@timrumble fuuuuuuuuuuuck i think it only went the span of its alloted time.  i'll have to see.
@TimRyanCW hahaha. oh no. oh no. we fail at having real songs stuck in our heads. 
@TimScribbles  Well it's nothing against you. Just the ruggie wasn't the best idea you've had.
@timscythe:ooooh nnnnooooo sears stuff is supposed to be reliable 
@timseppala They said &quot;next year&quot; so not this fall. No specific release date yet  Still can't wait though!
@timstarockz When you get a chance tomorrow and when I have a chance, can you help with Push notifications? I cant get them to work still 
@timTech  I sorry... when do you get to go home?
@timTech Analog is going away? Say it ain't so, Tim! I like analog... it doesn't have the dead, sterilized feel of digital. Boo. 
@timtfj i cant play at the moment as I've hurt my neck  Haven't played for 3 weeks now 
@timthardy I'm sorry they were disappointing... 
@timvandernagel tnx thought so too but cant!  'Requested rescource not found' and also aint able to 'option click' and assign 
@TimWestwood I feel for you I washed my ipod last week 
@tin_beezy  no throwing panties?
@tin2car Some finance exam. :-| It's next Sunday. 
@tina_3192 yes. i wish i was there!  oh well. at least im seeing jb now! 
@Tina_Jung I want to become his youngest sister .... I want want want ....   ...
@tina_maries I DON'T THINK THEY ARE GOING TO GIVE ME THE DAY TOMORROW  WE ARE HELL'A BUSY TOO. . .BASTARDS.
@Tina_Murphy @ak618  I loved noah lowry.... I'm really sad about what happened to him :'(
@Tina_Murphy @AK618 sadly, true  but at least he'll be better at home????
@Tina_Murphy I kno, he's usually nice! I dunno why he didn't wanna sign for me  I was surprised! I can't remember atm... sry
@Tina_Murphy yeah  that's what I love guys like sergio romo and andres torres!! they really appreciate the fans!!!! it's great!!!
@Tina0505 GAH! I need to get my hands on a copy, no idea of what's happened, Uni blocking me at every corner! 
@tinabellera LOL Tinny! I've got glow in the dark stars on my bedroom ceiling @the 'rents' house-taking them down is a bitch! I left them 
@TinaBinaTooReal oh, im so stupid  *smacks forehead*
@tinabinatooreal what's wrong 
@tinaburns she's the youngest. I wish I had come up with this game when the others were little!! Yeah, my son wouldn't've gone for it 
@tinacarmillia I know!!! Already missing him. 
@tinacochina Lol, i can't. 
@tinadivina nope, no evidence! and @tjarmour moscato for me please..its gonna be a long night    *does arm curls and lunges*
Walked home yesterday in the rain and now feel like shit 
walked infront of the camera at channel 7  now watching state of origin 
Walked out of the house reminiscing about Hawaii last summer 
Walked outside for a few mins, and now covered in Skeeter bites 
Walked to leigh from thundersly and about to walk back...oh dear  x
Walked to McD's to find the dining room closed. I went to Travis and got a burger instead. Then had to walk home on a full stomach 
Walked to work to pick up my keys, walked home got check from mail box walked to bank walked home. I really shouldn't be this winded 
Walked to work today to try and free up knee, hasn't worked  Now everything crossed I DON'T need another operation, not hopeful though
Walkers builders breakfast flavour, basically the feeble cousin of smokey bacon 
walkin 2 class woke up late 
Walkin home  its cold
Walkin home.... wish i had my ipod 
Walkin in vic station and gatwick xpress celebratin 25yrs w/ ugly models that cant dance!! Twitpic not workin 
Walkin round to get the store's papers, wee bit edgy after that guy yesterday 
Walkin to the bus listening to my i pod realizing no laptop = no i tunes = no new music 
walkin to work 
Walkinf around new orleans leave at 3 
Walking all day in high heels is no joke! I guess I'm still not used to it  Can't even walk to cwb from wan chai xx
Walking around a track lined with paper bag lantern in memory of... I can't belive the people that have died from cancer. 
Walking around Asian Garden Mall... Haven't been here in ages! Last time I bought some trance/techno cds 
walking around hypermart makes me tired n i need to pup 
Walking around outside barefoot because kody stole my shoes 
Walking around the mall passing time waiting for my bus. I was in tillys but had to leave. Too depressing cus i have no $ to shop! 
Walking around... My feet is hurt 
Walking down FINchley road pissed off! Didn't even get to see the end of the film 
Walking home (2km) in high heels isn't fun or easy  http://twitpic.com/8d360
Walking home after my history exam. It was ok i guess :s got another tommorow! Why?  On the bright side after that no more for a week!
walking home and about to be all by my lonesome at the laundramat with an uncharged ipod FAIL 
walking home from school drains all my energy 
Walking home from the bus stop is scary 
walking home from the post office see Animal Safety truck and complete paw prints in blood on sidewalk, like full on dipped in it 
Walking home inthe rain and it sucks 
Walking home. Its freezing cold outside. 
Walking into a period. 
walking into doors...soo not cool but quite painful 
walking into the side of the desk hurts 
Walking into town to wave off Olivia... Everyone is moving home 
walking is turning out to be an incredibly difficult task today 
Walking laps at the cancer relay for life. It's way tougher being here than I thought it would be 
walking like 3 blind mice 
walking the dog - saw a lost bully with mangled ears and emaciated. wouldnt come to me 
Walking the dogs. 
Walking the Int. Drive in search for... I don't even know what I am doing here!!! 
Walking the pier at University Ave in Berkeley... windy and cold. Some dude caught a bunch of little itty bitty baby crabs -- poor guys 
Walking the puppies downtown. Also, mystery of missing cat solved: he hid himself in the basement for nearly two days. 
walking through leicester sq and 100's of women screamed. shia le beef was behind me 4 transformers premiere 
Walking through memory lane - June 6th 2008 - my wedding day. Need to fix my blog, picture links expired 
Walking to class. Campus sure is ugly when it's cloudy and rainy 
Walking to Freddy's and then to maple grove. Heck of a trek 
walking to laura's for lunch. its so cold  pips staying tonight, going to the parade and uptown tomorrow 
walking to my car 
Walking to school on my own now as shelley aint in school!  and she has left me in art the git! Haha tweet later! X
walking to the path. taking it to hoboken. chris is going to pick me up there  http://myloc.me/2h4g
Walking to work. Will soldier on for one shift 
walking with mom because if i dont shes going to call me names.  lol
Wall dive at Blue Bay. Freaking amazing. This is what you see in videos. No SCUBA photos.    Just couldn't get the damn thing to work.
wallet found, one-year-old throwing up.  
wallet will probably take a big hit this weekend. i usually don't go &quot;shopping&quot; but so many sales now. must stock up on dress pants 
wally world....taking Shorty out for dinner, since she is moving away from us  mmm Greek food!
Wal-mart doesnt have really good signal 
Walmart on Sunday? Why do I always do this to myself? I just barely got out alive. 
Walmart took all my monies 
Walrus, I have your bukkit. I don't think that you'll want it anymore 
Walt: hi, I'm Walt. Megthinks to her self) am I supposed to know who you are?.... dont care.... bi*** (inside jokes) me &amp; Meg! 
Walt's day.  You wouldn't understand.
wanda here and cosmo there 
wandered over to Olivaer Platz, the bakery is an Italian place, and the subway is a different sandwich shop!! AND the toy store is gone 
Wandered over to Soho, no tokidoki iPhone skins.  Saw a hilarious note on a car whose alarm was going off though. http://yfrog.com/5hzdwj
wanders what to do on a rainy day off 
Waned to stay up to watch Conan's first night, but don't think I'm going to make it  Thank goodness for DVR!
wang free again 
wanna answer. in a lot of pain right now 
wanna b marie antoinette, cos she had perfect hairdo, fab clothes, n tons of macarons.  Crappy day 
Wanna be at home  sucks...
wanna be in central right now 
wanna buy the LVaTT! 
wanna enjoy the british F1 . .  but tickets too too expensive.
wanna finish my food, but my tummy hurts 
wanna go back to chafford and lakey 
wanna go butter factory tonight~~~ But no1's going... 
wanna go on holiday  have to wait til next year 
wanna go on the new manta ride  wish i was in the states
wanna go out soooooo bad, somebody please ask me out 
wanna go somewhere but noone has enough time 
Wanna go to a party to wear my new shoes, but thanks to Duke of Ed that's not possible 
wanna go to bed   i've been very sleepy all dayy..
wanna go to school tomorrow, but i can't 
wanna go to the amusement park but have no money.. 
wanna go to the pixar exhibit 
wanna go to the surf...its a great way to start the day but.....cant.  i really wanna practice on my board.
Wanna have a good picture for my profile, but.. Don't have one  Damn.. xx
Wanna just stay in my cosy, comfy bed all day long... But can't  Will have to wait till 2moro
Wanna keep playin the sims 3 but I can't 
Wanna know a not fun way to wake up? Having a panic attack and not being able to breath for no fucking reason, that fucking sucked 
wanna learn how to sing 
wanna meet her... I'm feel sad  | With who will i get work during june's month in Davout Studio ?
Wanna move boxes to my new home, but I can't. 
Wanna play 
wanna play SOCCER but its raining 
wanna print the business plan, but the printer was exhausted 
Wanna rip my throat out 
Wanna see 'Drag Me To Hell' again!! 
Wanna see Drag me to hell but no one will come with me! 
wanna see JB   can u come to PANAMA please?   @jonasbrothers
Wanna see Star Trek, but can't do until June, the 14th 
Wanna see the wife! So frustrated! 
wanna share his strawberry ice cream, anybody? 
Wanna stay here n stop doing the bathrooms 
Wanna take a moment right now to remember my great gma who I lost exactly a year ago today 
wanna take a nap but, i must wash my paspad's uniform fo 2moro awwrgh 
wanna take sick leave everyday.. 
wanna try #skyfire but they don't support on my device 
Wanna watch a movie but all the tvs r taken 
wanna watch Angels &amp; Demons...but with whom??? not getting anyone 
wanna watch mtv movie awards but the channel isn't in list of my tv. huuh 
Wanna watching Milan v Torino.. But.. The TV is occupied by others 
wanna wear my new kate moss dress today but might be too cold. 
Wanna write a post for my blog, but I have no ideas 
Wannttsss to make browniess! Hehe.  And hmm i miss Errolyn!! 
want 2 see gf    but i cant 
Want a baseball team back in Montreal... I miss it 
want a chocolate frappichino 
Want a glass of wine but have a too much sun headache so don't think i should 
Want a new dressing?Try the &quot;Fig &amp; Port Vinaigrette&quot; from @figgirl (on @foodzie: http://bit.ly/hetjI) Amazing flavors. Bottle almost gone 
Want a new shirt too, but I doubt I'll find one in the time I've got.  Wish I'd bothered having my vintage suit altered.
Want an Asus Eee PC 1008HA before I go to Ibiza but no-one seems to have one in stock. Gutted 
want cake 
want curry 
want elle to go to da movies 
WANT HER PHONE BACK NOW!!!! 
Want Lil wayne - rebirth NOW 
want LVATT PEOPLEEEEE NOWWW! WANT TO HEAR THE SONGS!  @jonasbrothers
want madina lake merch real bad 
Want my bf to come home i getting lonley now  i could never live alone i would go crazy
Want MY car!  Nick if you break...
Want my dad back! fathers day tomorrow and i miss my dad 
want my hair to grow loooooooong again 
want myself a new mac but i dunno when the next time im gonna be able to afford one is 
want some drink. 
Want SW results 
want to be a single girl  why must my boy be so jealous and a controlfreak??!!
want to be at bamboozled. but what am i doing - sitting at home grounded and cleaning mi room. yay 
want to be on #litchat but can't because I am finishing off two articles that need to go online. Sad 
Want to be with my collin.  -SummerNights-
want to buy a new almirah for my shoes, mom wouldn't let me  No more shoes in the house! If only she understood the importance.
Want to buy tomorrow: Sims 3, He's Just Not That Into You and Fanboys. There goes 80$ 
want to calm down but cant! omg! dont wanna write bio abi tomorrow 
Want to cry my throat hurts so badly! 
Want to die. There is not a part of me that isn't sore, and i've got two hours of taekwondo today. And tomorrow. And thursday. 
want to do something! maybe i should clean my room  it's not possible to walk on the floor! This is going to take a while!
Want to get a Blackberry but can't afford it  . Just watching the telly and relaxing. Hard sesion tomorrow.
want to get away from it all 
Want to get my hands dirty with FubuMVC. http://bit.ly/J00ha, but the documentation is not yet complete 
Want to go back to USA  - off for tattoo tomorrow - NOTHIN to do with NK or DW before anyone asks!!!! haha x
Want To Go Camping on the field  I wish we could but mum has work @ 5 am.Gonna Go back out 4 food.Wanna steal Dev's Base its sick!
Want to go for a walk, but the weather is kinda shitty... 
want to go in VIP GA for the first date in Paris, anyone can help us ?? 
want to go into town but don't really feel like walking down their on my own 
Want to go London  Haven't been there in 5 years, but I really want to go there again sometime
Want to go out fridae night but hav no I.D     lol
want to go see the Saturdays at Hammersmith Apollo but can't afford it... 
want to go shopping 
Want to go surfing  weather is perfect.
want to go to bed but its only 6:30 
want to go to graham coxon tonight but don't wanna be billied. stupid andrew wont go, thats english revision then 
Want to go to luush. Craving Rockstar soap. none left 
want to go to Punk n Bowl today 
Want to go to sleep .. OMG  missing my boo
want to go to sleep, but matt is studying and won't let me 
Want to go to the concert tomorrow 
Want to go to the pool---but I don't have a swimming suit that fits this extra large version of my body. sad 
want to go to the studio... hate office stuff! 
want to have ice-cream... 
Want to know, where to buy a Fantastic Plastic Machine - Album in Germany 
want to lay in bed and eat ice cream all day.but unfortunately im at work 
want to lie in the garden all day now and read my 'persia in peckham' ( @persianpeckham) book but i've got meetings to go to 
Want to listen to the David Mann interview on TJMS but it's not playing. 
Want to play Infamous, but can't. It's too late. 
want to read a good book. @sarahpak just remembered that you forgot my books 
want to revise outside, but no one will come with me 
want to see 17 again... its not in the cinema 
want to see britney this summer at o2  but didnt get tickets   she is my role model  http://www.bebo.com/xxBritneyJeanSpearsx
want to see him so badly 
want to see ufc 
Want to see Year One and The Preposal!! 
Want to sign up for my next historical dance class, but I'm too early 
Want to sleep more...  and the weather is cloudy today...
want to sleep, but no sleep tonight.  got my redbulls ready in the fridge.
want to take a nap but afraid my mom will get mad that i'm not packing 
Want to vanish inside ur kiss,everyday I love u more n more. Seasons may changes, winter 2 spring, but I love until the end of time... 
Want to watch Gurren Lagann. Am currently at my parents. DVD is at my flat. How can I make this work? I miss Kamina. 
Want to watch Surf's Up again. 
Want to write blog post about enormous social impact of Twitter after watching #Iranelection all night, but too busy and on holiday soon 
want twitter on my phone! its not faire! help 
want x factor audition tickets! 
Wanted 2 go sooooo bad!!.  Wife had 3rd c-section baby 5/26/09 couldn't leave her   .......I'll have 2 buy the DVD!!!!!
wanted a lie in but I'm wide awake  on the upside there is homemade chocolate fudge cake in the fridge...
wanted class to start already  http://plurk.com/p/z041l
wanted greg pritchard to go through     what a silly, sobby and hopelessly dull little girl hollie steel is?
wanted lola in f1 
Wanted steak 
wanted to be at high tea too 
Wanted to be bicker free today... 
wanted to buy &quot;fracture&quot; the movie today, however mum thought it was a lame purchase. 
wanted to buy a DSi, but didn't    RAM JAM!
Wanted to buy Amber Bensons death's daughter today and no where had it 
Wanted to buy Samsung Omnia, but it costs 950,000MNT, or around 670USD. Don't have the money  bt want the phone so bad!!!!
wanted to drive ze Empress to market but of course wasn't allowed to. 
Wanted to enroll Caroline in the summer reading program too, but they said she was too young 
Wanted to get new album Miss Montreal on cd, all sold out, at fame, frs, etc.  now i'll have to download it..mmm
Wanted to get out for a sunrise shoot, but I couldn't get to sleep last night, so I axed it. 
Wanted to go for a walk/run with my iPod but I forgot to charge it!  
wanted to go out 
wanted to go out on her bike. But now can't cos of the rain. 
wanted to go play some vball...can't anymore  gotta stay home all day again
Wanted to go running today, but we're having a thunderstorm 
Wanted to go see a special showing of 17 again this afternoon but I've no one to go with me 
wanted to go see Lee play with Shaped by Fate tonight but nobody else seems to be going  also i FAIL at trying to get keys for new flat!
wanted to go to basketball but totally do not feel good, and am super bored 
Wanted to go to the beach today but it keeps raining 
Wanted to go to the beach today with Casey &amp; JoJo, but by the looks of those thunder clouds rolling in, Mother Nature has other plans. 
Wanted to go to the vegan fest in bristol this weekend? But i'm way too poor 
wanted to go to the Wine room for a cheeseplatter and a glass of wine 
Wanted to got to the Strawberry festival today but its raining 
wanted to have some furniture b4 lexi's partay   http://plurk.com/p/11qtmm
wanted to make some no bake cookies, but has no milk.   Boo. #trackle #squarespace
wanted to meet up with people for lunchh butt canttt 
wanted to play online poker but at an internet cafe and can't download the app....  
wanted to see Jonas Brothers in Panama.. just impossible 
Wanted to see Monsters vs Aliens but was too late. 
wanted to see muse play Dublin Nov6th but I couldn't get tix yesterday I was sitting a exam 
wanted to see year 1 but everyone's saying its crap!!  may have to rethink that now!
wanted to sleep but a friend from Denmark just poked me on IM 
Wanted to stay at zippys longer but had to rush myself out of there to take my history exam online 
wanted to stay in bed this morning with Justin, but that wasn't going to happen 
Wanted to take ballroom dancing but all the slots were taken already.  Stuck with Physical Fitness for Women. Ok, what do we do there?
wanted to try mozilla prism... not for mac  actually using my windows virtual machine is becoming a priority. may need more RAM. double 
Wanted to tweet that I was in Victoria! But silly Canadian service wouldn't work. Home now and sad vacation is over. 
Wanted to watch a good Kannada movie while I was here but looks like there hasn't been anything since &quot;mungaru male&quot;!  sigh!
wanted to watch Diana Danielle on TV but was vetoed by Mom 
Wanted tomato soup for dinner but there are no big bowls here.  To buy: big bowl, DVD player, tinned mushrooms, pasta + pasta-sauce.
wanting a date to grad 
Wanting a garden! Instead we have planted two little window boxes with Mint and other herbs. Still nowhere to BBQ though 
Wanting a vacation, but with more than two months before my next planned one. 
wanting badly to go shopping 
wanting food but stomach keeps rejecting 
Wanting have some fun  !
wanting more. 
Wanting rally's or wendy's...not going to get it 
Wanting Sol Az bad... but I can't go today 
Wanting some food  but cnt coz me cba to go downstairs and get something :L
wanting someone to love on!  boooo!
wanting the next 3 wks to fly by in some ways not in others Ads leaves tues for 3 wks  I've never been w/o my best friend for that long 
wanting the sun to come out 
Wanting to do my lifes work (massage) but cannot due to slipped disc. Basement flooded last night, lots of work. Strained back- AGAIN 
Wanting to fall asleep, this doesnt feel like summer much. 
Wanting to follow my new life goal of becoming a high school math teacher, but I'm about a month too late to register for classes 
wanting to get on xbox but its down for maintaince  lol
wanting to go out. boreddddddddddddddd 
Wanting to go to bed .... but Hubby says it's too early.   
Wanting to go to bed but that's not in bailey's plans!!! 
wanting to go to my auntie's friend's despedida party but i'm not dressed well 
Wanting to go to New York now! 
Wanting to listen to Adele's CD but too bad its all scratched up now! 
wanting to make a costco run, but i have no available friends ugh 
wanting to meet p!nk 
wanting to play runescape but cant cuz im on school computer 
Wanting to shoot rubber bands over my cubicle wall, but it's just not the same anymore... 
Wanting to sleep! But can't....haven't finished room. 
wanting to talk to him its not fair!!! 
wanting to wish my dad a happy fathers day...but he's in iraq and not answering his phone  love you daddy
wants  to cuddle and watch a good flick       
wants ??? 
Wants 2 be twittered!  I havent been 4 awhile 
Wants 2 Go Ny Again 
wants 2 hear JLS 
wants a beach day but feels like crap...again!! 
wants a big hug 
wants a chili dog. 
Wants a coffee real nice but I don't want to go out in the monsoon we got going on 
wants a dog badly... 
wants A FREAKIN mercurial vapour sl ss carbon fibre  http://plurk.com/p/yos8n
Wants a free doughnut, Krispy Kremes are so expensive, but 10 million times better than other doughnuts. 
wants a garden to sit out in. 
wants a good boyfriend  http://plurk.com/p/xbfoo
wants a good movie to come on tv 
wants a holiday, im bored of London 
wants a hug  lol.
wants a huge ass chio shades. 
Wants a huggle 
wants a huggle from the star  can't wait for her to go home tomorrow.
wants a iPhone 3G or a 3Gs  Have to wait like 18months. D:!
Wants a job so badly 
wants a lip ring so bad D:  and is pissed cuz of my stupid mom and grama 
wants a lot of things... but what i really want now is a hug  O_O
wants a macbook 
Wants a MacBook REEEAL bad 
Wants a macbook. Windows sucks for creating beatzz 
wants a milestone in her career life.  I need a career, not just a job. http://plurk.com/p/uk6x6
Wants a nap 
wants a new backgroundd BUT gotta do hospo recipe first 
wants a new camera  buy me one!!
Wants a new car dead bad  x
wants a new phone! My phone keeps randomly turning off, piece of crap! And my E65 has run out of warranty, can't repair it!  Bahh
wants a new phone. ugh my b-day in 3 weeks ya'll 
wants a personal geek 
wants a picture with taylor swift badly  one day ill get it!!
wants a plan for today 
Wants a pre 
Wants a puppy 
wants a really long nap 
Wants a snakebite really badly 
wants a studio of his own 
wants a trampoline! i miss bouncing. also, a hot tub and a pool. also, a car air freshener. and a nice, summer tan. needy needy, 
Wants a vacation  still 8 exams to go
wants a weekend off!! stupid overtime... need money 
wants AC/DC on spotify 
Wants adrian to start speaking again 
wants adventure, fun and extreme excitement. Now. I easily get bored.  pfft.
wants all the bad feelings to go away. 
wants an Access Virus TI but they're like 2 grand  
wants an e71 badly 
wants an iPhone so badly... (tears)  :'-( http://plurk.com/p/13smz9
wants an iphone!!  LOL http://tinyurl.com/lka2xl
wants and ipod tuch  x
wants australia to stop playing ellen replys!!! wants to see the new episodes 
wants be there for ur bday 
wants belajar bahasa mandarin  http://plurk.com/p/11m6zi
wants Bella to go here. 
wants bollinger now  
wants Cat 
wants change her layout sii sebenernya  http://plurk.com/p/p04uf
Wants chocolaaaaaaate!!!!! Very much 
wants chocolate milkkk 
wants chocolate. but has none  http://plurk.com/p/11t81u
wants chocolate..  http://plurk.com/p/y3p19
Wants coco pops  but has to make to with corn flakes blurgh
wants cry  http://plurk.com/p/yst6p
wants for wednesday to come.  http://plurk.com/p/svzpt
wants go get twitter on her blackberry but doesn't know how!  x.
Wants good mexican food.    I need comfort food.  I am super depressed right now.
wants google back 
wants Green Tea Latte with lots and lots of milk  (griltongue) http://plurk.com/p/tpnuc
wants her besty 
wants her boyfriend back 
wants her dinner now but has nothing to eat 
wants her hubby to come home from work! Ugh I'm so lonely right now 
wants her iPod. 
wants her photoshop back!! waaaaa   http://plurk.com/p/yukxy
wants her sweetie back 
wants her throat to stop hurting 
wants him to go hut tubbing wiv me. cuz i dont feel good 
wants him to take meds for his depression but apparently he's too &quot;badass&quot; guys and their ways..  i just don't want him to kil himself..
wants his links and hits back!  http://plurk.com/p/to1cp
wants hugs. 
wants ice cream 
wants ice cream. 
wants ice cream.  http://plurk.com/p/1171f7
wants ice cream...  http://plurk.com/p/y3ocg
Wants iced tea mango shake now.  http://yfrog.com/4rxpuj
wants it to be hot.. i mean its not like its late june OH WAIT IT IS!! 
Wants it to not be so hot 
Wants jackie nelson here like now 
wants Jon and Kate plus 8 to be a family again 
wants kyler to get done with her spaying 
Wants Lily the wonder dog back home...missing her terribly...even the cats are   Spooky still losing fur from back legs so needs vets
Wants Lottie Home Now 
Wants McDonald's... 
wants mcfly to come down to exeter to do CD signing... 
Wants Megan to come over now 
Wants milk 
wants more 360 Microsoft points  meow.
wants more celebrities to come to england  .. i miss florida real bad 
Wants more followers 
Wants more followers! 
wants more LC episodes.  http://plurk.com/p/x9ct0
wants more Mighty Muggs 
wants more potato chips. 
wants more sleep  8am I hate you!
Wants more time 
wants mtv to turn off the tweet thing, ruining the show! 
wants my adobe flash player back! 
wants my bed and a cry 
Wants my thumb to get better!!!!  
Wants my website to work  glg242.aisites.com
wants new set of smileys...  tgal nmn http://plurk.com/p/tqm58
Wants new technology/game to play with 
Wants not to go to work 
wants people at work an on twitter to stop bragging about their g1 updates because i dont have one yet 
wants pizzaaaaa but has no money..  http://plurk.com/p/yzrb9
wants play basket with her friends. miss you guys 
wants python-like decorators in php 
Wants roblox to sell biggerhead again 
wants see my friends  ;-) http://plurk.com/p/wxnwa
wants sims 3  howwwwwwwwwwwwww
wants Sims 3 now  http://plurk.com/p/xsu7t
wants snoww 
Wants so badly to bawl his eyes out, g'night twitterworld, that's enough studying today 
wants some company 
wants some of the emonade at Jamaican resturant  but they were closed today...  No fair so ready to get back home and make some $$$
wants some peanut butter rice crispy treats.. 
Wants some tropical snow. 
Wants somebody to cheer her up 
Wants someone so bad it hurts!!! 
wants someone to give her a job so she can emigrate now 
wants someone to take her to paris 
wants something fun to do  ugh. everyone keeps getting to go places. like wtff mann, where's my vacation? &gt;:[ 
Wants Sonique to get better 
wants Starbucks  Every human has the right to get what he or she wants !!! (hahaha, kay lame -.-) http://plurk.com/p/120ik3
wants sugarpuffs but my legs dont work properly atm  heellppp!
wants summer badly only 1 week left 
wants summer to come faster.  but at least MRISA's this week 
@Tinadoll @savagestar Ya, I'm behind on Heroes (I wait for the DVD's...). 
@TinaDTB2 i did. but i think the problem is actually under the silicone part. because i did pop it off and clean it 
@TinaDTB2 omg... whateverrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i totally love that guy lol
@TinaDTB2 the link didn't wokr 
@TinaFey  hairless people would dye for them
@TinaFunkhouser oh no!!  thats no fun  #shamelesspity
@tinaism323 boo.  i couldn't make it. i woke up too late and had to do prom makeup. i bet you.. when we meet.. it'll be at a store!
@tinajenny  Awww! See, Faith still barely talks so I didn't even know  Picturessss! Did she take pictures, I wanna see!
@tinamarelina Thanks darlin'! They were soaked when I got home 
@tinamats Haha! yes, I only want the copy and paste feature. haha! Sucks that you touch people have to pay. 
@tinamnop They soothe!                              PS: I miss you so much already 
@tinapatina oh we were watching twilight hahaha but it never fails they always have to be annoying.  haha oh well
@tinarosegriffin hmm i knnow :| its stupid  even jonas was cheeper than that!! god iv not seen you in ageeees!!!
@TinaS71 ...not all of us... 
@TinaS71 Not sure mine made my passion for this idea clear enough 
@TinaS71 OMG!! awesome weekend ever, I will tell you all about it later gotta fun to work 
@TinaSeina75 Nope. No UK tour dates. So unless they add some, JK's contest is the only chance I am going to get. 
@TinaSeina75 You're welcome! Sorry you're going thru so much! I know it is painful. My sister went through it.  
@Tinashe_K Listening to Tinashe song because im a true bestfriend even though its a really bad song...and you said &quot;you loved me&quot; 
@tinasloan Hello from The Netherlands! Yes GL ending is sad  Any chance of a happy ending for Lillian &amp; Buzz? I would love that!
@tinatinatinaaaa  hope all goes well!
@tinatinatinaaaa terrible! you wernt even there last night!!  REAL bad homie
@tinatwitt awww poor tina!it wasnt really a shoot  she just took a couple of shots but chyeah was alright im super tired as well ghah
@tinbashr  sounds nice and dangerous! 
@tinchen_2909 me too... and  they dont eve hav to win, just a fuckin draw would do it... 
@Tinchen82  April already though and they didn't have any left   - so we went on ebay lmao and found them there! LOTS of hot posters and
@TinchenFFM bearer/mouthpiece of bad news. 
@tinchystryder i cant book nufin till foooking results and then they'll be sold out 
@tinchystryder me and my mates waited 2 hours for you last night and you just walked past !  dissapointed tinchy...
@Tindell ha ha thank you, just can't be bothered when its so nice outside!! 
@tindogpodcast Sorry  I was guessing the amount of press Nimoy has done and they've not hidden him http://uk.imdb.com/title/tt0796366/
@tineeyy lol so well that im losing my mind! smh 
@ting11 aiyo. Y u always say I hate to see u? I never lor 
@tingclar so do i  summerrrr... 
@tinietempah whats up darlin? Hope your okay  be happy! UR SUCCESSFUL!! x x x
@Tink10270 Thanks Deana!  I think I'm also sad that tomorrow was supposed to be our fun day.  Missing the show all over again. 
@tink1981 never understood that either!  RSI is out in the open now,physio gave me manky brown wrist supports to wear at work. not chic 
@tink69 Seriously.  I walked by, smiled &amp; said &quot;Seriously, please don't do it.&quot; Her mom could've killed me w/her look of hatred.
@Tinkabellastar no. my school will start on June1.  two days to go. i still don't want. :l
@Tinkabellastar not found error  congratulations from me to you for graduation î?Ÿî?Ÿî?Ÿî?Ÿ
@Tinkabellastar sorry i ask like a detective  i only do not want a fake î?• i drunk 4 bottles of beer now and thinking of you !! hope you
@tinkcashley ooo can u bring me back some? 
@tinkerbell_18 I know!  I wish I could give him a hug so he could feel better. We gotta get at least one in Denver!
@tinkerbell_18 It pains me to see him (and the team) struggle. 
@Tinkerbell2009a For me it is a pleasure speaking with you. Today I went to the canteen, a sandwich and mineral water ... Lunch sad 
@Tinkerbell2009a Its 3.45 in the afternoon here! Its the weather here, one minute its soo hot, next its rainy, windy and freezing 
@Tinkergell  I hope you can make it to the show, but we will definitely hang out this weekend!!
@TinkerGem but then they aren't exceptions for me though, are they? I wanna go to the pub 
@tinkermom Oh no!  (((HUGS))) I will send my prayers...I'm one of those believers.
@tinkermom Uh, actually I've add *grabs calculator* about 60 ounces of soda so far. I think I'm immune to caffeine. 
@TinkersHomeFry Happy Birthday buddy...love you even if I havent shown it   Promise to do better...cross my spleen!
@tinkertoo652 the power was flickering for a while at work but it never went out. 
@TinkFan Oh that totally came out wrong! He's in Vegas I'm stuck at home! 
@tinklebelle awww  Well I'd be happy to look it over and NOT pick it apart. Maybe sing your praises? You know you deserve them
@tinkslovesj have you seen that Sky+ app? lets you control stuff from your iPhone! I'm into Gossip Girl ok?I'm not proud if it 
@tinkthtfairyslt yeesh...that sounds awful!    and gimme a call sometime bum!  i miss you!
@tinkugallery hey amrita! How are you? I don't think I'll get to see you today  sigh
@tinkypen are you all going without me 
@tinkzz1986 huy q mal 
@tinmouth the men in that apartment have no fucking luck  does it have a happy ending?
@tinmouth wow, that zipper must be INTENSE then. time for BIKRAM? idk. when will someone be home to help you out? 
@tinnamariee omg lovee fo sho we gon go t2 24hrs man &amp; why yall bitches ddnt invite me 
@tinoforever i miss you too!  i need to come to London sooooon x
@tinosmithy I miss Lost Vagueness  but Trash City is pretty cool.  I'm significantly cheered now thank you :-D xx
@tinoymom That's about where I was. I'm on meds now that keep it in check. Runs in the fam apparently 
@TinPanAlley Sorry bro  That's rough.
@tintinxtorres i only come back 2 x a yr thats indecember and in the summer...i miss  u too 
@tinvisiblegirl Yes  I am trying to help, but can't really afford to either.  It's a bit scary.  Still, kittens!  
@Tiny_Spark Oh I'm sorry  Em its http://bit.ly/6DWxO   hope you like it!
@Tiny_Winchester dude i missed it, i was 2 busy watching da youtube clips on ur site, my sister comes in saying did ya c it, i didnt 
@Tiny_Winchester if i drop much further, i won't even get on tweeterwall. it's only the first 20. 
@tinyalice really? That sucks. 
@tinybabybolster:  I think it takes a little time. I'm sure we'll come to terms with whatever it is. Let me know if Scrabble helps! Haha.
@tinyblob none   Had it on and off since Friday.  Have made an appointment with the GP.
@tinycaligal  :-D  Pretty much....I have to stick with my stupid loaner phone until I can access my mail!!! 
@tinydeww no is not broken! I put the plastic wrap just to avoid more scratches... I haven't got the cover yet b/c I've been busy 
@tinyfragments no wait.. I there`s a message sayin the video is not avalibe from my country... 
@TinyKsass lmao no no no! there is no hate. i always &lt;333 @JesseMcCartney even when I'm being cockblocked 
@TinyKsass Very funky. I'm mute   Its still hilarious...But I want to *talk* lol
@TinyMangoWuvver YAY, STAR TREK. Still haven't seen The Hangover, but that's because I'm poor/busy. 
@tinymicroserf my neighbour failed to sign for it.  Can't have it delivered to work, so gotta have it delivered on my day off. &gt;_&lt;
@tinymicroserf Sorry the 2 hours comment should've been @ someone! I'm only just about to go in though, seen the doc about my ankle 
@tinyscarecrows kjhfkhsd why do they have to choose such ~douchebags~? TRES LAME 
@tinytim2701 Hey. All good thanks, U?     Yepp thats wat i mean  xx
@TinyToots Thesis is due in Oct.You also do not love me enough. 
@TinyToots yeah... iphone autocorrects words 
@tinytot9109  Good ur getting better. School was good. I was focusing more on my iPod today than school though really, lmao
@TinyTwitter how do I get to the Menu? My menu button on the Bb is not working 
@tinyvamp me too. 
@tinywook oh wow, I suck 
@TiONNAlASHAY loll I feel bad for eatin it  Why didnt you stop me!
@tipadaknife I've tried polish-&gt;english google translation and it's not very good 
@tiphereth nary a pretty face to be seen 
@tiphereth Tyra is not my role model, unfortunately this may make &quot;great&quot; telly -but the tude I come across reflects a little rubbing off 
@TipJunkie I had girls calling me last night CRYING like hysterically and this was a week ago it happened!  There was a video of the crash
@tippingptmedia They told me I got the last 16GB white one last nite at Eastview 
@Tipsgirl Sending good thoughts. I'm sorry  Call me if you need me.
@Tipsy27 sorry about that.. hope the day will not be too long for you sister  I'll get some sun for you ok ? lolllll Love you baby sis xxx
@tipsykitty :o you broke 100000. I'd say yay but now you're gonna try do that every week - have to come back for more 
@tiptoetoo Our 9-y-o greyhound is allergic to everything &amp; got into the other dogs' food=diarrhea; goopy ears; itchy (then bleeding) toes 
@Tire_Man  guy at Belle said there was nothing wrong, until I asked that he test drive it, at which time he made an educated guess 
@Tiredofbeinsexy I haven't gotten it yet, apple is being an asshole  have you?!
@Tiredofbeinsexy it wont let me download it  i think its because i have a mac   
@tirzaroemokoy yea they'd get a long together a while. but after that there are some friendship &amp; family troubles. too bad 
@tisfan I'm 9 lbs away from goal and just can't seem to get there. I keep sabatoging myself  I have NO idea why...makes me mad.
@tisfortipper nothing im at the hospital right now i really wanna hang out though 
@tish_tish oh no ur response was so cool  but I aready picked someone
@tishac Tisha, would you believe it if I told you I have not experienced 90+ degrees is nearly *FOUR YEARS?* 
@tishac. I did, but that doesn't mean I won't hurt.  A girl changed lanes on me once a while back and put me in a coma. She left me there
@tishda  sweetness *pets* I'm soo damn hot! Seriously couldn't be wearing any less... I can't cope!
@tishh lmao! i want to hear these stories. ive heard some funny ones already  i know... wish i was there too!! 
@tishialee I know how you feel have had terrible migraines before 
@tiskahe  =me about Ian
@tismrwells  Aw I take it the interview didn't go as hoped? 
@tisonfire I really want to hear smagghe 
@tistansy You're never there  *tear*
@tisyasyatia I miss you like a migraine misses Panadol 
@TITA_7 = I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU SAID I'M NOT YOUR BOO NO MORE  SO MEANNN ; I'M SAD NOW .
@titalacuabnita what wha wha wha wha? :'( boohoooooooo. I'm so jealous. what did he say to her?  cryingg
@titanas not for the moment, yes 
@titaniumfish Good on you! I gave up half way because GTA4 ran too slow on my computer...  I will finish it someday...
@Titany Don't you hate the ensuing silence when the show's over and you switch off your BBC pop-up player? 
@Titapha awww  what's wrong?
@titarodriguez I miss you too  thanks. Hey u have a season pass?
@titi_215 drive safe sorry about the whip 
@titivate lmao good to hear...it's a bumpy ride I must warn you..I'm about to charge my iPod tho can't talk no mo 
@titoburroughs man just been working man. Had training today. Tomorrow got two different training. Sucks huh. LOL. It's what I call life! 
@Tittch Big hugs, I hope everything goes peacefully 
@Tittch can't bring that photo to mind 
@Tittch I am sooo pissed with Twitter 
@Tittch Negatory, to that. Oh well, we'll just have to eagerly await publication of said photo. 
@Tittch oh Tittch, sorry you didn't get to say goodbye  *hugs*
@TittiNguyen When am I ever going to eat again? 
@TiVo i miss my tivo... my toshiba dvd-r + tivo media server died in a recent cross country move 
@TiVo Request: m.tivo.com (mobile TiVo site) needs an option to recover forgotten password. I lost a show last night because it doesn't. 
@tivon  so sorry. Hope you feel better soon.
@Tivon isn't it a great idea? Awww your back got even worse? I'm so sorry. My foot is still in a cast so I can empathize in a way 
@Tivon LMAO... just saw this. That sounds HELLA good. I have a hair appt at 7 
@tiyephoenix I have to DJ 2 gigs on 6/20. no bk hh fest for me  so please keep me posted on live dates
@TizBanana he said he's been in hiding. bout 5 hours ago said he was still busy at work........isn't home yet  need to find @McSquiddy
@Tizer45 WTF where are you you are not on IRC any moar 
@Tizer45 You never pay attention to DMs. 
@TizzThaBoss morning boo... Uhmm I'm still limping 
@TizzySizzleberg @emalea damn, i knew he was in 3rd  but i looooooved him playing...
@TizzySizzleberg I know! Poor lamb! She texted me! 
@TizzySizzleberg Oh baby. I'm sorry.  (((hugs))) *kisses*
@TJ_Hayabusa its not overrrr 
@Tj_pinkgurl i'd give you a big hug if i could &lt;3 (via @C00L_BEANS)  that just made me cry even more  I'm scared
@tjamlee aw man, cup n cone?! we ended up at our car 
@tjbaby101 Yeah nothing to do with being dumb ;-). thanks she is fine, i'm off to do housework 
@TJBella ugh i'm good for the most part, just tired...i dont want to take pics  i cant tell if my bigger belly is fat or baby haha
@tjcoon21 ur not talkin2 me 
@tjd06 Just looked at the last website u sent &amp; that airline doesn't fly to Portland  And everything else is $$$. Blah. Someday...
@tjdgafplz ugh fml at what Taylor swift just posted 
@TJEvents booooooooooooooooo  hope hes ok?
@tjharrop have fun at the pub, I'm sat on my OWN  chillin tho, got coffee&amp;amaretto 
@tjholmescnn I think that's going down in somewhere in CT soon as well. B.I.A. 2 that is.... I didn't get all of the info on the radio 
@tjholmescnn some woman who wasn't very inspiring 
@tjhunsaker i don't want to go to work today either!  boo!!!
@tjkelly My parents and grad school... no UMass though 
@tjlawrence Those stomach pains after kebabs are yet to put me off 
@TJmajors I only have a 20&quot; 
@tjoenit same with me 
@tjohansmeyer Covered in plastic bags? @ChristopherGurr Good idea! @rrayne Don't have any.  @viguera @Ladyexpat But it's so hot!
@tjowhistle Thanks for the kind words.  The house will not be the same without her.  Our lab is already missing her 
@tjsdjs only for hotels though...the flights are horrid! 2 or 3 layovers sometimes 
@tjsmommabear eh, it happens. after he ate, we had a few good hours, then we had knitting meeting fail. 
@tjt72 ok my hayfever is playing up again bad 
@tjt72 sweetie it is 2:02am i have 2 be up later i need 2 try and sleep sorry 
@tjwriter Oh dear,  Poor little tyke. I wonder if it's like when a grown up wakes up ferociously thirsty?
@TJxFrost i think one of those bad ass kids @ the party gave me there 24 hr virus i feel like crap 
@TJzGirl we will! we wish you were coming 
@TK04 I don't have a swimsuit wit me 
@TKATI  oh, the dogs.  The one time they got into my room, they turned my beautiful microsuede fouton into cow-print.  
@tkells Can not confirm that about Mousavi. Not saying he is a better choice but A-Jad is not the choice of the people they have no say 
@TKfan27 I would 100% done one like I said but my stupid comp is broken!! That's why I'm always on my itouch  sorry xx
@TKfan27 I'm so sorry I never sent you a vid, I was going to but by computer is broken  only have my iPod and can't send stuff on this xxx
@tkilpatty10 ccheck it out! i got me a twitter! lol, sry i missed u while u were here 
@tkingdoll That's...Positively awful. 
@tkpleslie I'm so sorry  when I go, I intend to go out with a bang, so no one has to sit around waiting for the inevitable. Skydiving...
@tlcillustration Yes, Underworld looked supremely nice. Bad, wretched, horrible script, though.  Same with Coppola's Dracula.
@tldriscoll  but i thought we were gunna hang out monday and see transformers together!
@Tlkr84 nope nothing yet  still looking And yay! I'm ready for the party scene tonight!
@TLM26 be careful w/it 2. Remember it's a computer in the palm of your hand. We treated it like a phone, &amp; well...it broke. A lot. 
@TLM26 I could teach you. Oh wait, I don't live in Cali 
@TLM26 sorry about the headache  I got lost in a 17-mile park last summer-tried to GPS my way out(didn't work)considered calling 911 - lol
@tlockemy I do too, but not heavy rain, which we've had 4 more than a wk. 
wants sushi and frozen yoghurt  http://plurk.com/p/xxxo9
wants the LA and the MB!  no sizes!!
wants the laptop 
Wants the necklace I saw on that girl on the tube last week. Tried eBay. Fail. The depressing nature of fashion 
wants the new Ghostbusters game but can't justify buying it no limited funds..  
Wants the new iPhone OS 3. It is not up for download yet 
wants the rain to go away for just a bit 
wants The Sims 3 but needs to get a new computer first 
wants the sun to come out. 
wants the sunshine back! 
wants things to change 
wants this feeling to go away 
Wants this sickness to go away.  
wants tickets for lady gaga and someone to see miley live with me 
wants to add a photo but they wont let me 
wants to apologize to my Farm Town friends - not been on for awhile 
wants to ask sophie and tom how they are revising surfacing but is finding twitter too complicated as to how to put them in this message 
wants to attend a prom badly  All the prettaye dresses!
wants to be a country singer sooooooo bad!!!!1 if only she could sing 
wants to be a millionaire but ..... 
Wants to be at bamboozle  going through pics from last night. I met Zack Merrickkkk!
wants to be at clothes show live 
Wants to be at home with my bf 
Wants to be at home. 
Wants to be at home. I am hot, bad headache and still have to get my shots 
wants to be at the beach right now, but im sick 
Wants to be back in europe. REALLY BAD 
wants to be back in greece soooo bad! 
wants to be back in paddington 
wants to be back on the beach in lytham 
Wants to be drinking beer at the beach 
Wants to be friends with Jessica 
WANts to be happy again... Kaitlin hates me it sucks... i try so hard and get no were... I have no one 
wants to be headed to atl w/@randallane to see @crunchyk and @ebassman! 
Wants to be home/out and not work ever  Or just get paid. Js. :/
wants to be hugged ! Miss that soo Much..  http://plurk.com/p/12gym5
wants to be in New York. 
wants to be in the CB vid, but is too young and is nowhere near Germany... 
Wants to be in the walk that walk video  lol
wants to be laying by the pool not cleaning the house. 
wants to be laying out on the beach, but instead is working 
wants to be living not learning 
wants to be out in the sunshine but it's boring on my own. 
What finals are tomorrow? My internet is down 
What finals are tomorrow? My internet is down  http://bit.ly/12cm8t
What gloomy things am I writing! ...This must be because of the rain outside 
What goes around comes back around 
what happen to my phone? can connet to the internet 
what happen to the Air France really depresses me.... 
what happen to the nice sun shine ???????? its all rain rian rain 2 day booooo 
WHAT HAPPEND BOYS!!!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!??!?! FEVOLA THAT WAS SO CLOSE! HOW COULD YOU HAVE HIT THE POST!??? WHY FEV WHY?? so cloooooooose 
What happend to all the love, we stoppd gettin followers 
what happend to my facebook app. on my blackberry 
what happend to the Royals.....?!?! 
what happened for &quot;bill&quot;? why he did that  
What happened to all my ticket buyers  booooo. SUCK IT. Oh well the show is still going to crush.
what happened to being 17 sunny and windy today?  .. it's freezing and rainy 
What happened to last night's twits? They've gone and run away! 
what happened to logan? His twitter seems to be gone 
What happened to Multiply? It changed. 
what happened to my direct deposit? and it to damn early to b working when u havent had a gud nights rest 
What happened to my early night? Am about to turn into a pumpkin 
What happened to my Pearl Jam I used to love in the early to mid 90's. 
What happened to my photo on TweetDech? It's gone! Will it ever return? All because I was trying to fly the green. 
what happened to my picture? 
what happened to my spreadtweet? i can't see any tweets 
what happened to my sunny day? 
What happened to RayRay? 
What happened to southland tonight? 
what happened to springtime weather??? it's freeeeezing!!!!!! 
What happened to summer? The rain is pouringgg! I gotta go out in that soon! 
what happened to the abillity to delete a tweet??? it's all out of whack since maint yesterday 
what happened to the blues? was there any biffo? could not watch it here in Boston! Just saw the score!  must have been played in QLD! ??
What happened to the long weekend?  
What happened to the lovely summery weather we've been having? It's rained all weekend 
what happened to the rain? hot and stuffy 
what happened to the sun?  it was going so well.
What happened to the sun? Wasn't it just 80 sunny and beautiful? And now this gloomy shit again? 
What happened to the weather?? 
What happened to the weekend  holidays in 4 1/2 days yay!!!
What happened to you Pandora.  You used to be so reliable 
What happened to you twitteriffic? I had to digress back to twitterfon 
What happened with am.org? 
what happened with my acc off twitter 
what happens if i dont get a facebook url? i'm 100% sure that alisonmoore is gone 
what happens in vegas... is sold outtttttttt!?!? NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! good bye the cab 
What happens to rewindd.net? It's down and so my site is 
WHAT HAS HAPPENED ?!? i can't draw people anymore ! i can't start :S ah no ! i've not done them in ages , maybe thats why 
what has happened my itunes ? 
what have all ya'll been up2 lately!? i been so busy n sick haven't been able to update 
What I ended up doing 2day: After school finished I went to Jake's then Dylan's &amp; watched 'The Uninvited'. Didn't do h/w or assignments. 
What I hate is, she's also one of these people that thinks Harry Potter is this evil witchcraft and evil for kids to read...
What I learned today; choking on a lollipop is not fun 
What I love about going to concerts, the live music.  What I'm not a fan of are the cigarettes.  I woke up feeling like I smoked 2 packs. 
What I love is all the #twitterlove even though you dont know how awful I really can be   ..... TY tweople...
what I meant was is it true that its going to happen that u won't be able to look @ tweets if ur not following that person? 
what i want more than anything right now, is a positive influence to change my choices in life. possibly someone to love on too 
What I WANT!!! For FATHERS DAY : that. S.Cohen. Tan/Brown Glenplaid suit.    What I'm prolly gon get : Weed Eater Back Brace 
What I would do to have a garden so I could have a BBQ and get a nice tan!!! 
wants to be outside in the sun insted of @ work 
wants to be part of the new YouTube channel beta 
Wants to be watching the tonys but no cable till tomorrow 
Wants to be with chris 
wants to be with her bestfriend now  miss ko na siya  http://plurk.com/p/rb5r5
wants to be with LSGH batchmates again!!!!!! wah...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  but it will get better... it has to... :I
Wants to buy ashley's laptop .  dad claims we have no money . Muahahaha http://twitpic.com/7lc0b
wants to buy his ticket for @thePROJECTscot online but cant cause he has no printer  #theproj
wants to buy lizas shop but cant afford it 
wants to buy the Season 7 DVDs for 24.. but he has to wait. 
Wants to cashier outside and not get off at 9. 
wants to come home like no other 
wants to cook pasta before she goes... but... nnngh... time...   I'll just raid the vending machines downstairs.
wants to cry.  my pc just turned off and wont turn back on. 
wants to cuddle! but the teddy bear is so far away 
wants to cut from her last class tomorrow so she could have free food... (LOL)  http://plurk.com/p/12pw4x
wants to die from embarrassment already. HAIH. 
wants to do something radical...but not sure what that something is. 
wants to dominate the computer.. Ma, Lemme use it. Im sooo bored. 
wants to dominate the computer.. Ma, Lemme use it. I'm sooo bored. 
wants to earns millions in Pet Society. 
wants to eat an entire chocolate cheesecake 
wants to eat but there's no food    http://plurk.com/p/y1sfi
Wants to eat something laaaaar. 
Wants to eat something spicy and Indian 
wants to eat your pizza so bad 
wants to eat.. i'm starving  http://plurk.com/p/whquq
wants to enjoy the sun but has work sooon 
wants to fall in love  snif.
wants to feel blissful...Its been a minute... 
Wants to find Digi on Twitter....I can't find her anywhere!!! 
wants to find steve furnell's facebook/twitter or something! but cannit find it anywhere  .. anyone got it? i hate twitter :|
wants to finish this assignment but when i do i'll just have to start another one 
Wants to finish work so i can watch New True Blood  It's going to be awesome, i can tell!
What I wouldn't give me to be able to sleep as deeply as my boyfriend so the cat wouldn't keep me awake all night 
what if my chances were already gone?? i started believing that i could be wrong.. hmm, b oh b.. 
What I'm doing in school lab day today I'm sleepy  http://twitpic.com/7psye
what is 93 degrees??? Kawawa naman ang Daddy...  http://plurk.com/p/12j0z1
What is biting me?? STOP IT 
WHAT IS BLOODY API!??!?!?! SOMEBODY PLS EXPLAIN!!!! I'M A POOR, TECH-IGNORANT PERSON 
What is Edward doing in New Moon!!!! Ahhhhh!!!! Stupid stupid idea!!! Trying to read to distract me from exam results :S not working! 
What is everyone doing this eve.? Looks like im in for the night 
What is going on with my cavs 
What is going on with Twitter? I can't get to it on my phone. Not even when I try the mobile address 
What is happening in I95? I'm in back to back traffic.. no way I'm making it on time! 
What is it with Air France I'm well confused 
what is it with portable coffee mugs... they always get crud stuck in the lid... I don't enjoy spitting my coffee out my car window... 
What is it with some companies and email-tennis? Just ANSWER the flippin' QUESTION! 
What is it with the noise today!! What does a girl have to do to get some peace so I can study!! 
what is myspaces damage today ? not been getting notifications for 3 days now 
What is open at 10:40 thats not ihope 
what is religion? 3 exams out of 7 done so far. studies of religion is next 
what is shimmy about? i need to know  for school. is it about liking agirl and wanting her to like him back or is that princess, haha
What is that glowing orb I see in the sky??? Could that actually be the sun?? Never fear more rain this afternoon. Ugh. 
Wants to fuckin kick that dudes ass. Hope joey gets better fast 
Wants to get a gym membership and stop drinking! you make such a dick of yourself and regret it the next day 
wants to get backstage passes for @mileycyrus  concert  n wishes he could work on the tour
Wants to get drunk 
wants to get fucked up. 
Wants to get her nails done 
wants to get hugged! 
Wants to get it off my mind but cant 
wants to get off twitter....but is too lazy to find anything else to do... 
wants to give masterchef Sam cuddles! Poor kid 
wants to give up, but also wants it so badly that he can't give up 
Wants to go a Tony party! But all of my friend are GOING to the Tonys!  Guess it's me in my room wallowing 
Wants to go and sit in the sun...but has three hours of lessons soon 
wants to go and sniff some butts but cant because daddy is going out. 
Wants to go back homee 
wants to go back in time and spend more time with my lovers in Oxford!  http://plurk.com/p/xkebb
wants to go back to sleep, but isnt allowed!! 
wants to go back to the USA 
wants to go back to third year high school 
wants to go bowling 
wants to go downtown and take photos...but has no one to hang with 
wants to go driving now  omg.reminds me of drivers ed, when my friend hit a cone, and the mirror fell off, and i couldnt laugh, it hurt!(:
Wants to go fishing dammit. 
wants to go home in the Philippines. 
Wants to go home, this place is borin me out 
wants To go home..  http://plurk.com/p/11m4uq
wants to go home... 
Wants to go home... bored of work now 
wants to go homeeee 
wants to go in pooool 
wants to go Keith Urban/ Sugarland sooo bad... tickets are too much 
Wants to go longboard but doesn't have one!! 
wants to go on a holiday to India O_O its been ages since i went last.. 
Want's to go on a random road trip 
wants to go on ad adventure  why won't anyone let me xoxo
wants to go out and shop, but is too broke. 
WANTS TO GO OUT but has no1 to go out with  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wants to go out in the sunshine but has college work to do  x
Wants to go out somewhere with mates tonight as im bored of always being in at night on weekends  doubt anyone would wana go anywhere
wants to go out tonight but cant get home 
Wants To Go Outttt 
wants to go riding. i miss sparky 
wants to go see @Pink , 
wants to go see Emerson Drive at the Country Jams next Thursday, but has no one to go with... 
Wants to go see The Shins tonight 
Wants to go shoppin but got no money  lifes a fukin bitch :@
wants to go somewhere gitu.... bosen liburan kopong banget!  http://plurk.com/p/121yc8
wants to go to a @katevoegelenet show badly 
wants to go to barcelona for a concert but cannot find a decent plane time + price 
wants to go to bayarea 
wants to go to bed but cant sleep!!! 
wants to go to BGT tour but there's no seats available 
Wants to go to california..  muh roots yo! Lol
wants to go to church.huhu  http://plurk.com/p/z1kl0
Wants to go to da gym... But is too poor to get a membership... 
wants to go to Disneyland! 
wants to go to mumbai   
Wants to go to San Diego this summer 
wants to go to school  I'm really missing a lot :| http://plurk.com/p/13tyh0
wants to go to school already. 
wants to go to sleep but andre wont let him 
WANTS to go to sleep. but can't. 
wants to go to sleep.....the memories are keeping me awake......second thoughts.....this sucks.....so tired 
wants to go to steph's house  blehblehblehbleh.
wants to go to the cinema 
wants to go to the london summit and cant go  #marsiscomming
wants to go to the MGMT concert. needs a buddy 
wants to go to the MMVA's red carpet on sunday 
wants to go to the mmvas soo bad! looking at the red carpet pics from last time!I dont want to wait a year  who knows if gaga will be back
wants to go to the taylor swift concert 
wants to go to this cookout but cant figure out how to get there 
wants to go to warped tour  must go buy tickets!!
wants to goo swimming with my frieends! gotta babysit soon tho     shall swim tonight! ....excited for Nexxt Saturdaayyy
Wants to hang out with you 
wants to hang with alexia   wish school wasnt out, stupid swine flu!
Wants to have a game of 5-a-side footie but cant 
What is the best remedy for teething pain? My Lily's first tooth is starting to come in at almost one year of age and she's been hurting. 
What is the point of ranting to someone who doesn't care?  I'm insane, it was almost 4...
What is the problem with me? I can not understand why I am not getting anything? 
What is the reason that I cannot embed a video URL in #Keynote presentation? This 2009...  #Twittwoch #twb
What is there to do on a Saturday night when ur options are limited?..ugh man 
What is this @Tweetie? The glossy chat bubbles look out of place... BIG TIME, especially the PINK ones  http://twitpic.com/4yowv
what is this silly rumour I hear of NKOTB maybe cancelling their Australia concerts??? it better be only a rumour 
what is this!!!! help! helpp dee it becoz of u i am lost in here 
what is this?!?! the fueledbyramen store will not process my transaction for a rocket to the moon merchandise!!! WHAT IS THIS?!?!?! 
what is this?? I feel  hotter.. I'm sicker than ever 
What is up with my elbow! It hurts. 
What is up with the forecast for the weekend - blah, blah and blah.  I hope the weather man is wrong.
What is up with this crappy San Diego weather?  This doesn't help my cough and cold get any better!!!
What is up with this weather in NYC??? I have to carry an umbrella, just in case, like almost every day now...UGH 
what is with msn making me click the wrong people. garrrrr 
what is with this weather..all i want to do is stay in bed 
WHAT is with this weather?? The beach was on the agenda today  Now cleaning is....
What is wrong JD? U sick? 
What is wrong with Heidi-In the hospital? That show is outrageous. 
what is wrong with me right now??? - guess i have to go to bed  see ya tomorrow twitter-universe
What is wrong with me to day i am so slow 
WHAT IS WRONG WITH MY CUBS?! And poor DeRo. Hitting the BP fone had to REALLY hurt. 
What is wrong with my left eye? 
what is wrong with my right leg, why do I have 3 injuries on it currently 
What is wrong with penguins today! 
What is wrong with people! That poor man  http://bit.ly/3EYqKA
wants to hear the sound of waves crashing 
wants to hit Forever21, now 
Wants to hit the #chicagobluesfestival but no one to go with 
wants to improve in fencing  &amp; i hope the audition for tapestry goes well tomorrow 
wants to just hug and kiss him. 
wants to know how to block random people from following him... he's following 14 people and 25 people are following him. 
wants to know what happened to the revolution. And when's the next one coming?  
Wants to know what happened with the new kids last night, they all sound a bit ..... Blah 
wants to know what the National Australia Bank has done with her tax return - they better not have lost the cheque  
wants to know where all the ben and jerries went 
wants to know where her Edward is...  
Wants to know where her Wario Touch for her DS is! 
wants to know where the sunshine went 
wants to know why if i have given up smoking b4 is it so hard this time????? grrr wish i'd never started 
Wants to lay in the grass. But it's wet. 
wants to layout in this fab sun...have things to do though! 
wants to learn french again.  O' France.
wants to learn how to ride a bike. 
Wants to leave the office now! 
want's to listen to some serious tunes now.... gosh 
wants to live in america 
wants to lose weight desperately. 
wants to make a music profile but i don't have money i don't know how to write music i don't know how to play an instrument and no studio 
wants to marry Jaykay 
wants to meet miley cyrus 
Wants to move to hawaii  wish i knew how to start it all off
wants to not be at work... someone save me 
wants to not be sick anymore! 
Wants to party with the hot guys 
wants to play  I'm bored.
wants to play baseball again 
wants to play basket but Monkey is mad that I'm calling him Monkey so he doesn't want to play with me 
Wants to play CSS.... But has to wait for AVG to stop scanning 
wants to play Mafia Wars but can't. bagal ng net e.  http://plurk.com/p/xnwdd
wants to play Sims 3 already 
wants to play sims3!! 
what is wrong with tweetdeck, not posting URLs 
What it do twitfam? What a bitch gotta do to get some  tylenol severe cold delivered to her? Ya girl aint feeling to good. 
What it do yall....Lemmy's sick.  And
What its not the weekend yet 
What i've eaten today: a piece of toast and a galaxy cookie crumble, please feed me 
What joyous day of revision lies in stall for me? Most people are finished before me 
What kind of hotel doesn't have a mini bar??? A bad one.  
what kinda losser sits in a chatroom all by himself on a Saturday?....ummm me 
What little news I've rec'd from new insurance does not sound good for SLP. 
What lovely day to be spending in line at the post office 
what made me think walking from 42nd to 57th in the pouring rain wouldnt be too bad..soaking wet from my knees down 
What makes me hate getting up @ 7:30am for class EVEN more?? Going  to bed 4 hours before I have to get up 
What makes things worse is that my computer's broken so I can only tweet from iPhone 
What matters anymore, this life heh, jokey joke 
What movie should I get for my ride to DC today?  iTunes top rentals has Aladdin at #73, but what I REALLY wanted was Return of Jafar 
What no iPhone 3.0 software on the morning of 17 June? Apple/O2 you have let me down after all the hype! 
What no peach ice tea! Toscani's has ran out.  What is this world coming too!
WHAT NO! MILLIONAIRES IS SIGNED TO DECAYDANCE!!!!!  WTF GABE FOR SUGGESTING THEM OR WHATEVER.  &lt;/3 hahaha
What not to say to a girl who rejects you: &quot;I'd be mad too if I was built like a back scratcher. go eat some dough &quot; I need new friends. 
What not to wear is so rude.  take me on there. Hahahaha. I needs helps.
What on earth is Seasick Steve doing at the #FACup final? I know he sings the blues.............................sorry 
What really grinds my gears: Canon not including the intervalometer feature in the Powershot SX10! Really Canon!? WHY!!  Can't wait 4 CHDK
What recommendations for a free email client for Nokia phones that must handle Hotmail.  Flurrymail goes offline this week  #lazyweb
What rubbish weather ruined my plans 
What rubbish weekend for a Bank Holiday - guess there is nothing better to do the buy a new laptop and work on assignments 
What shall I do now without my Karlmut????  Where is he? Hope he's fine 
what shall i do today after work?  my babe won't be home until late 
What shall I do tonight?  In the mood to be out, but my friends are not responding 
What shall I do without my Karlmut now???? Where is he? Hope he's fine 
what sharnique said is so0o true 
what should i do 
What should I do in my last week of being a 20 year old? Next monday I'm gonna be an adult lol 
what should i do now ? 
What should I do today probably take my little sisters out..... 2 months till they go away to College  Anyone got any gift ideas?
What should i do today. It feels like it's going to be boring. I thought today was sunday 
what should i do today? hanging out in my dude's backyard with sonic youth fell through 
what should i do today? its saturday. i dont have much fun choices  do hw, take sis to park, go to gramas, clean room. ugh nothing fun!
what should i do? im still lonely without friends i really miss them  we had an arguement and it has been 20 days =(
what should i eat for dinner?...cause jeanie is eating meatballs &amp; she's not sharing 
what should i eat?! 
What should I eat????? There's nothing to eat here.  
What should i get for dinner?!  - http://tweet.sg
what si wrong wth reddit?  service is unavailable, it says...damn.
what so late?? i thaught @ midnight in europe ... oh man 
what started as a lovely morning as turned into one filled with tripe. money is stupid 
what sucks about having your own place? you never want to leave 
What the crap i'm just sitting here and all of a sudden my head feels like it got hit with a baseball bat 
What the deuce!?! I thought it was 11am! I can't sleep in anymore  It's only 9am!!!
what the Euck is wrong with music these days?! I'm losing my friend to someone else..the tv 
what the f man? 2am again and, again, i cant sleep  this is starting to bum me out. rawr! hugs and kisses lovelys ;)
wants to play soccer/ basketball.... maybe go biking... my bike is broken... awww men... 
wants to play the ncaa footabll 10 demo, but it isn't up on ps3 yet 
wants to play the piano really bad right now but it's half past 3 in the morning  off to bed to resist temptation.. g'night twitterville!
wants to play The Sims but Justin is jogging the computer.  #trackle #squarespace
wants to play with makeup but has no makeup to play with 
wants to play with rc cars.... but they all broken and i've no spare parts 
wants to poop but can't. 
wants to pursue something, but is afraid of how it will turn out 
Wants to renovate and does not know where to begin!! All I want is an eco-friendly kitchen, why must it be sooooo hard 
wants to rewind the last 11 months and do it all differently 
wants to ride his bicycle... but it's at work 
wants to say two things: First, Dane in Madison not the plan, second, Dane plan a no go due to conflict of time. 
wants to scream....yet nothing is coming out 
wants to see Angels and Demons tonight at Mac Centre but with noone to see it with 
wants to see Have Heart live again and again 
wants to see her baby like right now right now....AHHHHHHHHHHHHH talk about a cocktease 
wants to see her best friend graduate 
Wants to see her family in Oregon but is stuck in Maine 
wants to see Muse on tour, but sadly does not live in Europe. 
wants to see my bff, hasn't seen her in like forever 
Wants to see my peeps again. 
wants to see Sam loadsss :@ 
Wants to see Samantha ronson DJ tonight in sac but I'm not 21 
Wants to see someone 
Wants to see transformers 
Wants to see Transformers 2 but has no one to go with 2 see it 
wants to see yu tonight.  http://plurk.com/p/you3b
wants to sleeeeeeeep, but cant.  im so glad its holidays soon.
wants to sleeeeep!! So tired 
wants to sleep but can't  http://plurk.com/p/12ppsf
wants to sleep in again 
wants to sleep in tomorrow but cants because of her stupid english exam 
wants to sleep kso maceado mdame ggwen.  http://plurk.com/p/11b0p4
wants to sneak out and hang with old friends tonight...but has a pukey son. sad. 
Wants to spend more time with the parentals but has to miss dinner and movie nights everyday until the 13th. I miss my family 
Wants to start developing a website again 
What the freak. My parents are going back to mpk tonight! And Theyre not taking me with them 
What the fuck ! Goodbye Nadal 
What the fuck am I doing wrong tonight? Every caller has slammed the phone down in my ear. 
what the fuck I am trying to find my buddy on twitter and he wont come out 
What the fuck i just found a tick on my hoodie! 
What the fuck is goin on w/ this ubertwitter? Damn its not updating  ok twitterberry it is until this is fixed
What the fuck is up with schools these days? http://bit.ly/fnpEl  
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ASOS,   
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ASOS,   : WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ASOS,    http://bit.ly/60vA5
What the fuck is wrong with everyone today 
what the fuck is wrong with foxtel, its been down for almost a day 
What the fuck is wrong with me lately  i take everything so seriously =/ i dont understand it
what the FUCK like..... suspended you serious?? 
what the fuck scout is reserved at the RP i was looking at... 
what the fuck stop raining i want to sleep tonight 
What the fuck why did i get 2 fucking report cards? Doesnt make any sense...parents saw this one 
what the fuck!!!! they closed &quot;Spring Awakening&quot; in the west end! i wanted to see that one this year! 
What the fuck!? It's only 20:35!!? Oh my GOD! My internal clock really IS fucked up. Nooooo. 
what the fuck. He is not. WHY IS IT EVERYTIME I TAKE THE TRAM TOUR OUR GUIDE IS SOME TOOL AND NOT CONAN? 
What the fuck. Metal Gear Solid: Rising on the 360? Fuck that. 
What the fuckkk?! Why am i up again... 
What the h*ll I'm suppossed to do to get rid of dis d**n flu??!! Sick of it...  http://myloc.me/3T1Z
what the heck 
what the heck @ my background. i can't see it 
What the heck is wrong with this thing!!! Tried to change twit pic and it just keeps throwing me off internet, now have no pic at all 
what the heck is wrong with Wipeout tonight?! I can hear the music but not there voices! 
what the heck!? My brother ate my whole block of spam by itself! 
what the heck... why does the zoo close at 5? 
What the heck?! Ive taken 3 pills today, WHY DO I STILL FEEL LIKE CRAP?!?!?! 
What the hell could the word &quot;love&quot; get outta my head today...three tweets in a row starting with &quot;I love&quot;. Grrrr. 
What the hell does Lounge put in it's beer? Two pints and you wake up feeling like you partied at Altamont. 
What the hell happened ?? Ryan Harris didn't even try to come back for the third run..Looks like there was a fixing  involved 
What the hell happened to all my tsl on my ipod  i only have a few songs
What the hell happened to BBC America? UGH! and there is nothing on tv right now 
What the hell happened to the #Pens tonight. Probably their worst game of the season. 
What The Hell Happened? That Was All Kinds Of Creepy 
What the hell is 502 bad gateway, this has been popping up everytime I try to look at peoples twitpics 
what the hell is going on... 
what the hell is wrong 
What the hell is wrong with me, I seem to think that doing everything but revision is the way forward...I'm going to fail 
What the hell is wrong with me? Everyone has a boyfriend/girlfriend except me. i want a boyfriend so bad  i want some one to love me 
what the hell microsoft word!! i made the bg green for a reason, why didn't you print out 
what the hell woolworths is back ! only on the internet  xoxo
what the hell!! I'm not able to put my pic ugh!!!!!!!!!! 
WHAT THE HELL. DAMMIT  I wish you were mine .
What the hell. I wake up to rain in Spain 
What the hell. I'm dizzy. Fucking dizzy and like I'm dying and sleeping isn't making me better.  I hate everything. Whoever made neon -c-
what the hell? that wasn't a very nice thing to say 
What the hell? The current trending topics are pretty much all weird and crap. Why couldn't #barakatday trend? 
What the hell?! There is no rain out here 
What the point and who cares im over this already.. yet im sure i will come back  addiction is not good
What the shizz man!! I couldn't get any sleep because people kept texting me about stupid crazp  now I'm gonna be grumpy all day
What to do today?..Oh right I think IÂ´m gonna have a goodbye  day for Halime, she leavestomorrow 
What to do when some of your followees post way too much &amp; that's all that is in your stream? &amp; they're mostly news links... unfollow? 
What to do with a bank holiday Monday? Olly's hen do at mine so getting kicked out about 6 
What to do, what to do. Hmm maybe watch a movie. That would b fun I guess. we don't have any popcorn or kool aid.  I'll find a new snack
what to do??? 
what to do0o0o ...it sucks when you no have car 
What to get my Dad for Father's day?  So last minute- I'm thinking maybe a funny conservative tee?  Better start googling something fast 
what to know what is in my 'Bag of Crap', what is it?what is it?what is it? and is it here yet? I doubt it  so impatient
WHAT TO WEAR TOMORROW? I STILL HAVE NO IDEA 
What Twitter client are people using under 3.0b4. I like twitterfon but the reply button crashes it 
What type of engines are used on a Cessna Citation Type X - bugger, this isn't a google bar. 
What unconfortable situations I always find myself in. @etceteri it's a Jacobs-ish situation. 
what up followers? I'm bored, nothing's really going on  any suggestions?
What up tweeple! So what are y'all up to tonight? I'm bored, talk to me...I have no one to talk to...  *childhood deja vu*
What up twitter world!  Watching I am a celebrity get me out of here waiting for Dateline!  I hate being sick! 
What up Twitter??? I've been watching movies and eating junk food all day...I don't even wanna think about how many calories already 
What up Twitters .. been in the test lab all day.. testing this software we have to have to the gov. by tueday  its like jail
What up world! Last day of my vacay  gonna try and make this one count too &amp; prep to get back in the swing of things... :-/
What up! Watching MXPX b-movie, drinking beer, it's all good. Man do i suck at golf!  *b
What was I thinking? Just now discovering what #kettlebell swings can do to a wedding ring.  
What was supposed to be a nice gesture for my mom... could have killed me 
What way is my life really going atm :/ i dont know what to do about anything 
what we are saying.    me: I look chubby.   Robert: No you don't. *kiss* http://tinyurl.com/pqojbj
What we have to look forward to in CA: ...&quot;cutting about $8.1 billion from public schools&quot; There's nothing left to cut  -Maybe cut kids?
What will happen when we get the new cat tomorrow? Will our other cat try to kill it. That would definitely suck.. 
what will i do now 
What will I do w/o Jay Leno until September? 
what will the weekend bring?? A sleep in yeah right! house work 
What would I do with out Google??? Problem solving made easy... O'yes you have to read though  LOL
what yall doing? ... im so fxckin bored  !
what! I missed a half hour of One Tree Hill 
what! u have 2 sign up 2 vote 4 mtv awards  ill have 2 do it cuz ill be votin 4 twilight and @mileycyrus 
WHAT!!!! david archuleta went back to LA?? hope he can come here again 
WHAT!? How come Allison didn't win ANTM?! She was robbed! 
what, medicated kisses broke up  that chick was fierce
What,s with the weather today!!!! Definitily not sitting in the garden. 
What. I alrdy got here. And my stuff are heavy  who you with. OMG! I had all excellent ticks in boxes except one. Man can they just gi ...
what...a day. definitely no barry's tonight   hi my name is negative nancy
What.A.Night!!!!!! I remembered to tweet but i got no connection then my phone died  But maaaaan was so amazing! And peter kay was there!!
What?  David Carradine??  
What?  what happned? Do you think youll be able to go to school?
What? #robertpattinson got hit by a taxi? 
what? 4:30 already?? 
What? Apparently it's 52 degress at 11pm in Washington State. I miss winter already 
WHAT? Conan o'brian's taking over the tonight show??  but, i love jay leno.
What? He gets to bone Heather? So unfair! I want 
What? High of only 14Âº? Grrr...this weather is seriously taking away from my scooter-riding time 
What? I focused on Tom so much I didn't see my beloved Barack! Oh no! I must vote for both! Poor president only has 626 votes. 
What? I'm not the best? 
What? NOOOOO! I cant get on my GOONL!NE emails 
What? Soderling l-a batut pe Nadal in 4 seturi si l-a eliminat de la Rolland Garros... 
wants to start doing her homework but is too lazy. TOO LAZY i repeat. Buh. 
wants to start twittering...but keeps forgetting to do it 
wants to stay at home tomorrow.. 
wants to stay home today with Christopher. 
wants to stay on the comp but mom keeps telling me to get off... 
wants to sunbathe outside....but is stuck in the heat trying to learn organic chemistry 
Wants to take a nap but has to be at work in about an hour...  maybe tomorrow.
wants to take photos.. haaay.. when can i do that kaya??  http://plurk.com/p/wx6zf
Wants to talk can't sleep 
Wants to talk to Noelle &amp; Cathy &amp; Steph. 
wants to talk to people! 
wants to tambay 
wants to tell you all about my wierd dream. but it wont fit in the 140 limit 
wants to thank everyone for thinking of her over the past couple of days. Your support really means a lot, even if I've not reciprocated 
wants to try Sims 3. 
Wants to upload the pictures from her last day in KBS, but is too tired. 
wants to visit Mim and Chast&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;go to ihuukdzz tmrowww. 
Wants to walk to the store for dessert but its raining 
wants to wash her face and use acnol huuuuuuuuuuh  why is acne always appear on my face? ;((((((((
wants to wash her hair everyday so it feels this soft however I do believe I would go bald 
wants to watch angels and demons..... 
wants to watch Bleach but the loading is so slow 
wants to watch David C. and David A's concert.  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/tq7xf
wants to watch drag me to hell,but my mom won't allow me 
wants to watch finding nemo! But doesnt know where it is 
wants to watch FMA brotherhood but still has work  will watch the rerun tomorrow 11am 
wants to watch live the USTe-Baste game tomorrow! (tears)  http://plurk.com/p/x7rn4
wants to watch Metro Station in trinoma on june 11th  who wants to come with me? xD
Wants to watch more Anime like Shuffle, but can't find any more 
wants to watch normal television.... i am sick of youtube and facebook! i need a TV 
wants to watch SJ tomorrow in Channel [V], but still have to study for the tests...  http://plurk.com/p/x9kxq
wants to watch soccer on xbox live 
Wants to watch Star Trek so bad.  And Angels and Demons!
wants to watch SYTYCD already...but Hawaii still needs to wait 2 more hours 
wants to watch terminator!! but everyone seems to have already watched it 
What?! I didn't know they shot an old dog cuz he's old!!  this is not so good 
What?! No Bosker.. 
what?! paul rudd &amp; reese witherspoon were filming right in my neighborhood and i missed it! 
what?! trojan?! 
What?!?! Has Apple really pushed OS 3.0 back a day to the 18th??  http://tr.im/oLhG
What?!?! where is the class of 2009?  I miss them already... 
What?... if I have Firefox, WinAmp and MSN open, this notebook crashes. 
what?? 15 minutes putting make up and i have to wear a mask face the whole day at school???!!!  
What?? Ga bole pke make up duluw sampe senin? Ah menyesal tau gtu peelingnya nanti2 aja. bsk saya ada acara dokter... 
What??? 
Whatcha into today? Im so ready for the weekend! Still need to clean my room! 
whatchiing commercial breakdwon lol and havee homework to do  enrtertain meee
Whatever  lol
whatever happened to the iphone update? i still haven't got mine. grrrrrrr. i'm pissed. 
Whatever happened to the Tiramisu that Kapiti used to import?  Can't find it anymore at Foodtown  #cravingsomethingsweet
Whatever is wreaking havoc in my nose and eyes needs to stop.  
whatever was up was quickly brought down...no more tweeting at work  
Whatever, from now on you can start our text convo's think I've started enough recently and today you cant be bothered to reply 
whats &quot;saposta&quot; short for? im clueless. help anyone? no one Ever answers me.   oh well. thats life. i guess...
Wants to watch Transformers 2. 
wants to watch Transformers 2. But I don't have someone to go with me.  and I don't have the time to. http://plurk.com/p/13stq6
wants to wear shorts tomorrwo but can't 
wants to workout  http://plurk.com/p/11rfor
wants to write fiction again.  http://plurk.com/p/11jq5t
wants tweets on tees  IFEEL LIKE GOING TO THE FIELD TODAY &amp; PLAY SOCCER!  let's take the weekend class! 
wants tyo update blog but lazy 
wants ultrasn0w to come outtt 
wants upgrade os stormy. tp stormy msh di rumahsakit  http://plurk.com/p/z0kwz
wants V4+V5 console/PC port/DTX or GDA files with guitar scores.  http://plurk.com/p/rf9f6
Wants waffy online, this aint FAIR! *miss* you 
wants winter to end already!!! 
Wants you to arrive already! 
Waow, I know it's only Monday, but this is by far the worst week ever.  &amp; I think I'm getting a sore throatie, to top it off. 
war with myself 
warbo: @pandark TBH I haven't used animated raster images since IFF. I haven't found any good tools  AnimeStud.. http://tinyurl.com/mm9z49
Ward picnic...in the dark...it's really nicking and a little bit pauling and im left with out joey  waaahh!!!
Wardrobe malfunctions at the pool are no fun 
warm &amp; restless.. I won't be sleeping too well tonight.. no shut eye as of yet. 
warn away the skin on my nose from touching it so much due to hayfever! hate my life it hurts so much! 
WARNING - Don't change your profile picture. It won't return for like another billion years hahaha! I learnt the hard way 
WARNING the sun is not ur friend, it may seen nice to start with until ur soo burnt u cannit move. Bad sun!! 
Warning to all other jewellery makers - be careful to clean up properly;I was down a&amp;e til the early hours with wire stuck in my foot! Ow 
Whats a man to do- usher says it all 
What's blue and now green and off limits? THE POOL!  Clean that baby up. I wanna DIP!
What's even sadder is that last night, I had to take down my room divider. No more Space Invaders 
whats everyone gonna do for FathersDay tomorrow because im broke 
Whats Fathers Day without a great cup of coffee to celebrate...Just another day     http://www.getthebean.com
Whats for dinner tonight? I seriously CBF 
whats going on in Mindanao?    http://bit.ly/3prjg
Whats going on tonightt? 
Whats going on tweeters?! One more week til the New Kids gig.. now I gotta get my hands on some tickets..  LONG STORY..
What's going on with DC Metro? I can't get no info!  How bad? Who's hurt? Who's okay? Somebody say something! 
what's going on with Iran?  God..please save them 
What's going on with Maria?  this doesnt sound good
whats going on with the weather. I heard thunder a couple hours ago and now i walk up with a semi clear sky and no rain 
whats going on with the weather???  No shorts today 
whats going on with this New York weather? We're already in June and its just been raining and it has'nt even been warm like it should 
What's going on?? I can't log on to either Yahoo or Gmail 
What's good with these lil kids? Fighting really? They picked the WRONG family &amp; town  Littles &amp; W. Hartford is not a joke!
What's happened to my picture? Can't seem to upload new one and old one has disappeared 
what's happened to www.splfever.net?  Im lost without it  lol
What's happenin payday,any chance of u arriving a week early?? Huh? Thought so  http://myloc.me/4q9i
what's happening at the finals? sux i cant watch today. work it is. i miss my computer 
whats happening with the weather ,typical british summer. its raining again 
What's happy about a moving day? 
whats her name again? 
Whats hot right now... Robert Pattinson Whats not... I'm in NZ and here's over there 
Warning to all Twitterers, apparently changing your picture is a priviledge not a right that can be taken away from you. Mea culpa 
warning: 4 days w.out cigs... may be bitchy! :X ..if i didn't smoke a pack a day, 4 days would be nothing.. not the case though. 
Warning: If u didn't think I was an introvert before, u will tonight @ morton's #wcchicago 
Warning: This is *really* disturbing. &quot;They put axe through the heart of a young man&quot; http://bit.ly/FoNhd &lt;HT @shelisrael&gt; #iranelection 
Warped rotors that can't be cut anymore. Excellent way to spend $300 
Warren and Hannah are dead ... oh my godd!! Seriousslyyy this is a tragidy ! 
warsaw sucks; streets, weather, all of it... 
Was - or is - M&amp;S still selling retro coffee and walnut [block] cake?  Thought I saw it a couple of weeks ago but not there this week 
was  really hurt by an honest box comment saying &quot;you're just so sad&quot; 
Was 1 minute away from seeing his team get to a final. gutted we lost in the dying seconds 
was 100% TOTALLY born in the wrong state and completely the wrong entire region of the US 
Was a nice day till it started to rain 
Was a total pig and ate far too many strawberries down the lotty... feel sick now but couldn't help myself. Shameful goat 
Was able to get a good night's sleep before it got too hot in our house. 2 hours until work 
Was actin' a fool last night, annnnnnnnd busted my head open on my tile floor  think i have a concussion
Was admitted to West Allis Memorial Hospital today-this sucks   I can't even sleep in this place
was all excited about argosy tonight  boo katie for bailing.
was almost done with the test too, I only had three more sections left  had to finish it @ home.
What's open at 6am for breakfast in Seattle?  http://twitter.com/ddewinter/statuses/1825554252
WHAT'S STOPPING ME FROM SLEEPING? oh maybe your beautiful face. It's all I can see with my eyes closed!  &lt;3
What's that thing that when ya get sunburned ya get real sick ! Cos right now I'm not feeling to spiffy !  I repeat : I hate the sun ! Grr
what's the best measurement of your public transit system? check out those bus stops. sad face for lafayette 
what's the best remedy for hangover?? tried Alka Seltzer, Redoxon, Berocca.. getting more sick 
what's the best thing to take/eat for an upset stomach? mine's killing me... 
What's the best way to eat reheated pizza I keep trying to eat this one but it's too hot and makes my mouth be in pain 
What's the deal with my teams losing today?! Argh... NO FUN! 
what's the deal with perez and will i am can't we all just get along...especially on canadian soil boyz ! disappointing 
What's the deal with the weather? It's cold  It'd better get warmer later.
what's the deal with twitter?! i don't know how to use it 
What's the difference between sea salt and gourmet sea salt?  Boo, iPhone 3Gs launches tomorrow   Sucks to be working for ATT now...
whats the footy show without matty johns..? 
Whats The Hills without Lauren...when Lauren exits, so does any substance and sensibility the show ever had 
What's the next big movie after Transformers? G.I.Joe? No more comic book movies? 
was asked to be an intern for my idol today (you should know who he is) ..but i'm already working 50+ hours a week 
was asleep 'til 6pm! it's going to be a looooooong night ahead - AGAIN! 
Was at a BBQ yeaterday and then helped out in a local pub so i didn't get to bed till after 1am, still tired. 
Was at AnCa's place. Smoked a shisha. Then a crane fly bit me  And a didn't learn. Again. In three days it'll be too late ..
was at meetings at church all afternoon and then felt too sick to stay for actual church. 
was at my mum &amp; dads for tea today and promptly fell asleep on the couch afterwards  bad boy the trouble was i did a lot of driving today
Was at the botanic gardens wif Tara... Wahaha... Then we saw this smoke free gardens... Hahas... Then we have to go out...  just bough ...
was at the dentists today. and will go tomorrow too. 
Was at the doc's office now at the dentist. What a day  in Bedford, TX http://loopt.us/ZbH1ag.t
was at the farm a few hours ago... the smell of durians gives me a headache.. 
was at the new TOPSHOP store with @me2qa and didnt like it at all 
Was at work &amp; took care of cells early this morning. But, son has a fever, so I'm home the rest of the day taking care of him.  He's ok.
Was awakened by a TERRIBLE charley horse this morning....I swear my screams echoed through the hollow!  Now I have a headache...
was bad tonight for dinner  but whatever I'll work out a bunch this weekend!
was being a kid again and playing pooh stickss after school! but got her shoees soaking wet  ... and her socks
was busy reading chizmux sa pep.com. Kakaiyak yung eulogies for dougs Q.  http://plurk.com/p/12dhtc
was chattin to this grl 4 awhile. i raised CO with 67 she calls button. flop 672. stack her KK for 700. she wont talk to me now  lol
was chirped at by the cat. I don't know what I did! 
Whats the phobia of calling people on the phone? Cuz I have it. lawlz 
whats the point 
whats the point of even getting out of bed if i havent got anything to do? its ridiculous how much i need to see you 
whats the use if u ve fought well the first half of the battle? swam the first half faster? shitty feeling of ppl catching up .. 
Whats the weather doing in Wimbledon (London)? I see there is tennis action at 3.30 on BBC2 Don't say it's raining there too 
what's the weather like for you right now? the sky has just turned black and it's the grim-est i've ever seen this city 
whats this about 90 mins of maintenence on twitter? 
What's this iPhone 3GS order exploit I keep hearing about but nobody's telling me  ?
What's this world coming to? The line @ mcdonalds is longer than at any of the great local restaurants in town 
Whats this?? No milk  Oh dear...
Whats to be in k-zoo, or to be hanging out with whitney or kylie. I miss evan so much... 
What's up #FireFox you failed @springanew this morning. How can #IE have outperformed you? My existence is now in question. 
What's up everyone?  Home sick today. 
What's up my Dolls n Dudes?! How's every1 day? Its raining here  wish the sun come out b4 the weekend! Gettin ready 2 go 2 work...peace!
What's up pussycat? My cheesecake is all soggy in the middle 
What's up twitter? I'm gonna be very domestic today and work on the house now that my morning was so abruptly ended. 
Whats up with all this stupid weather lately? 
What's up with iTunes? 
What's up with my City of Lost Children DVD? Half of the dialogue isn't subtitled. Having to watch the English dubbed verison 
What's up with that new Flickr search? Used to be fast, cool, and useful. All lost. What a shame 
What's up with the rain? I miss riding my tangerine toy  also I miss playing with my green toy...
was cleaning up FB and Twitter some of you accidentally got deleted, sorry about that. 
was coming home from tour this time last year and the year before.  Miss it so much.
Was crushing my table, 16k chips, when we got broken  new table much tougher. Got AA twice, made no money. Got JJ, lost big pot to flu ...
Was debating Mc Donald's or Jack n the box. But when I pulled up Jack was crackin. So that easily changed my mind 
was definatly stood up by her dad... perfect 
was disappointed with the participation at church last night. It's like they were all in a trance...no clapping...very little singing! 
Was disturbed by the Supernatural episode last night  What has happened to Sam &amp; Dean?? 
was doing a hard copy doc review,while writing comments realized 've forgotten writing i.e. on paper,can hardly recognize or read it back 
was dreading coming to work in an empty office! colleagues left !  this monday morning is bluer than others! 
was enjoying WoW until they shut down the server for maintenance 
was exited for HM visit tmrw. Apparently it got cancelled last minute 
Was expecting my Carphone Warehouse order to be dispatched the next day, not having to wait a week and counting for it to be processed 
Was featured this weekend in the local paper along with @corningcoupons -unfortunatly no online version of article  #cny
Was feeling really down yesterday. My son is a little miffed at me and cooling off at a friends, doesn't want to talk to me, hurts a lot 
was feeling shit. it's funny how someone can instantly change your mood. ^^,! on the downside. i forgot to watch pink on rove 
Was feeling sick today.  Not cool. Feel a bit better now tho.
Was fenna go 2 church but it's raining.  can't take my little 1 out n dis storm.
Was forced to take &quot;Bones&quot; off last night cos it &quot;will give your little sister bad dreams&quot;.  Not happy Jane! I never miss it, and had to
WAS ganna go outside... No thanks to daddy 
Was gearing up to buy GVB tickets but ticketmaster says they're not on sale till Wed. 10th @ 10 am. Gaither site says the 8th. Sad Day. 
Was going 2 hit the club I'm home alone every1's @ the club  oh well need time 2 myself
was going to be on time for work...but due to the stupid metro will be half hour late...ugggggh that means staying at work later 
whats up with the weather 
whats up? 
What's up?? I'm havin a lil bit of a bad day today, hope it gets better! 
What's uppppp tweople?? I just got done super rushing to get somewhere that closed early.... 
Whats with adsense and denying my application 
Whats with all the scary films on tonight  I don't like it
what's with all this rain?? 
what's with the freakin traffic this week?! Parkway's at a dead stop again. 
What's with the freaky weather lately. Been awake most of the night because of yet another big electric storm *yawns* long day  need sleep
What's with the gloomy weather? The sun must be too tired to come out and play  heading to victoria gardens for some impulse buys haha
whats with the lack of male dancers in manchester? preston is flooded with them but we cant get a single one 
whats with the lack of tweet froms everyone 
What's with the mass exodus from work at half three?  It makes me sad
What's with the silly people with shaky hands trying to video things? 
Whats with the weather today? 
what's with the weather? 
What's wong wif my tummy  9 pcs of norit didn't fix it.. What's next *sigh
Whats wrong 
What's wrong 
Whats wrong guys? 
WHATS WRONG W/MY LAPTOP???? Ima cry in a minute 
what's wrong with gmail?! 
what's wrong with google ? i can't browse it 
what's wrong with me today? i socred 2 points in my own net 
What's wrong with me? Why can't I move on? Everything you do is a turn off &amp; yet all I wanna do is come see you tonight. alksdjvns i suck 
what's wrong with meeeee! i just fainted again!  
what's wrong with my babygirl? 
What's wrong with my bb connection? It keeps dropping out 
What's wrong with my heart?? 
what's wrong with people? Second break-in at Wallmans tonight 
What's wrong with these things? I'm doing nothing about that stuffs. What lame !!  From now, I will re-write my affiliations  God! Help!
What's wrong with twitter? Can't change my background! 
Was going to do volleyball, but I'm not anymore. Just not in shape to do it 
was going to evansville tonight, but had car trouble  so back home 
was going to get up at 1 and go to my dads friends house to watch socceroos tonight/morning... but i am way too tired/ cold. 
Was going to give away immediately, but then I lost/did not get $10 from the cafeteria today. Gah! Not sure what happened. 
was going to go to the beach with lukas and sarah this morning... i slept to late 
Was going to Grandpa's place for lunch to celebrate his 88th.  Just found out it's changed to a Chinese buffet  Bringing Gas-x!
Was going to make chicken katsu for dinner, but there are some creatures in my flour.  Oh well! Zippy's chili it is! lol.
was going to new york, but not now     
was going to sit on the sun today but its disappeared! 
was going to sleep in tomorrow, but now she has to wake up early and milk the walnuts 
Was going to try tweetdeck  http://yfrog.com/58anooj
was going to watch Crossing Jordan, hoping to see Peter Andre get punched, but apparently is a show about a serial killer 
was gonna camp today but it's raining. wish i'd agreed to those gigs now, got a bunch of good tunes this week 
Was gonna do some baking. But then realised no one would eat it 
was gonna go see amanda &amp;&amp; aaron tonight... but entirely too tired   taking a nap, then probably going to rubyville this evening.
Was gonna go swimming in the morning but find my costume 
Was gonna go to skegg vegas but not now   gutted!!!
was gonna go to sushi land but it was closed 
Was gonna make biscuits with my daughter but she's decided she'd rather watch The Pink Panther cartoon on Boomerang  kids eh?
Was gonna play Guitar Hero with Prince Charming on Xbox Live, but buttface dad said 'no'. 
Was gonna workout but decided going to eat sounded a bit more fun....sorry brandy 
Was happily sitting in the sun, eating my lunch then the clouds came and covered the warming sun 
Was happy that Julie stayed! Poor Jussy though  #masterchef
Was having faith and holding it together all day until she crawled into bed without a goodnight kiss/call  man. Bible time.
Was having one of the most terrible headaches, again.  - http://tweet.sg
Was having such a good morning...and then my car wouldn't start 
Was having the best sleep evar  I don't wanna go to work waaaa
Was headed to bed when I realized I have Tafe and my designs will defult to helvetica when I arriive with out all my fonts 
was hoping i could pull it off.. but i'm stuck workn 
was hoping to be entertained 2day but is sat at home seriously bored....bad times 
was hoping to go home earlier tonight... but all the 'birds' decided that maybe she should make the airport her home 
was hoping to go on a date but my plans to leave to jacksonville came early. 
was hoping to take princess 2 doggy park...but hubby changed his mind 
Was hoping to wake up to sunshine. Sad. 
Was I invading in on your secrets,w as I too close for comfort... Que saudade dos meus meninos 
Was I'm sitting on the sofa waiting to go to mr. Bun mmmmm mr. Bun their not open now 
Was in a good mood, until i found something out that someone told me about what they said. D; Proper put me down. Fucking nob. 
was in a good studying mood earlier, until i got interrupted by @susiee on skype. now i don't wanna 
Was in a rush and left my drink on the counter at Maccas  Ah well.
Was in Atlanta last week on business.  Checked map but Albany was too far to meet up with you in the eve.  
was in chennai b4 a week. it was so hot-- My bottom got baked while sitting &amp; traveling in the trusted TN buses.   @nadhiyamali
was in China last summer at this time of the yr.    Nostalgic
Was in festival the whole day, but didn't meet Paris Hilton 
Was in hong kong this time last year  And drunkenly grazed her chin last night! x
Was in San Diego for memorial day weekend. Got a little homesick and now I'm at home and sick 
Was in Sydney yesterday went home last night  I love Sydney ! .
was in the middle of her yummy pan de sal and coffee breakfast when she realized she was late for her meeting. I want my pan de sal 
Was in TN over the weekend but now We're back  Kinda sad
Was invited to see the movie The Proposal with friends tonight and had to say no.  I am one pooped girly today!   
Was invited to the buy design party by someone, but then he sold my ticket to someone else. 
was it all that easy to just put aside your feelings for me???...damn!!! kagaya ka rin pala ng ibang lalake jan  di mu lang alam...
Was just about to do some work at the easel when I remembered my brother ordered cheese scones for tomorrow. No drawing today then 
was just about to go out and the heavens have opened. joy 
What's your position in your country's tumblarity list? - Iâ€™m 6  http://tumblr.com/xmc1x67dj
WHATS YOUR PROBLEM 
'Whats your stand on gay marriage?' - me. 'what the fuck natalie, stop asking me these gay ass questions! Go get a job!' - dad.  
Whatt theee fuckk. How did my chest get this bonyy?   http://twitpic.com/5c949
Whatt to doo? iss off ill  (N)
whatt to wear tomorrow ??  cant decide between a dress or skinnies ? helpp ! 
whatta day!! cant wait to go to bed!!! but dont want tomorrow to come. 
whatta day!!! 1:40 palang! bought a mango worth 7K and watched Once and cried 
WHATTT. Ghost started on 10pm?? 
wheater - broken 
wheather now! http://tr.im/pnbY i couldnt fly 
Whee, Twitter is back online! I was afraid I'd have to update Facebook manually. 
wheeey mcfly was AMAAZING,both times  actually so fun,my voice is gone now though 
Wheel of Times is an awesome serious too bad the author Robert Jordan died 
when  can i     speak  nice english   ```
when a friend so young (55) dies, it certainly makes you check your priorities.  are you having enough fun?  just checkin'.  
Was just about to hit my stride work-wise this morning and ran into a snag.  Time to troubleshoot corrupt mySQL tables 
was just asked to run a virus scan on my computer and it's slowing it down big time. 
Was just at craig and bruce's photo studio. Now at fresh choice with my parents. 
Was just going to take the kids out to the playground &amp; putting on sunscreen on my daughter when I realized she had fever 
was just gonna nip to sainsburys coz i need a sugar boost to help me revise  but looked out of my window and its peeing it down 
Was just informed that Bradley Cooper was on the lot recently. What the hell?! I'm soooo unlucky. God is too nervous I'll freak I guess.. 
was just informed that i need to be more modest and wear a full piece bathing suit.?  im not ok with that!!!!!
was just informed that I'm too needy and that no one, including bbb, wants to be around me because I'm a downer.  
was just joking about forties with Jackson, and it made me miss Kingdom of Loathing.  I really should start playing that again. Anyone in?
Was just offered a TA position for african american studies by Nanda. Too bad i might not be able to take it 
was just on the phone to @Veganmercedes - i'm too poor to hang out today 
Was just reading a recipe for chicken with mango chutney. Looked yummy. Pity the hubbs hates mangoes. 
was just thinking about this little place in L.A.where you can get pastrami and its actually good. The Hat.. i miss you! 
was just thinking its too much.. here again, he comes with three more 
was just told my 9 year old cousin broke both her arms, poor thing 
Was kicked out of the concert @ the zoo amp last night for fighting 
Was late for a meeting, now I fear I've missed it  I'm sure I'll find something else to occupy my time. Communication is key!
Was leaning on my back porch railing and my candied apple fell off the stick and rolled away! 
was listening to one my fav playlists http://x.imeem.com/UGoO4hnbbc until i realized that my favorite song got cut down to 30 seconds 
When a Tri athlete has a heart attack  http://tinyurl.com/qkfy9h
When am I ever going to need to know half the stuff in the risk notes? Still not finished the essays either 
when am i going to get the time to watch all the movies on my movie list??   (yes i have a list with the movies i really want to watch)
when am i gonna finally be not sick???? 
When an outing involves secatous, a girl get's very worried 
When are celtic gonae get a new manager 
when are my green contacts gonna come!  stupid fedex/ups/whoever's delivering it! its been like a year since I had some colored ones
When are the jonas brothers gunna be on sports center?! 
When are we going bowling again? We should do that shit like once a week lol or u boys should include me more 
when are you coming over  @Sarah_Hyland
When at home I often forget to update things here, but niw, I have barely anything else to do 
when bond leaves, the party stops 
when can i have a good sleep? ive been battling these thing for ages.  need to have good sleeping habit.
when can meet my baby??*sigh* 
when did &quot;names&quot; become more important to her...? And now her kids..Kinda disappointed...  makes me sad.
when did i become such a dependent person? 
When did it get so cold? 
When did they replace all the Late-Nite Girls Gone Wild Commercials with 'Extenze &amp; Enzyte' male enhancement commercials?? 
When did they start putting plastic tops on paper wrapped ice cream treats 
When did Vimeo start sucking so badly? Failed uploads and conversions. total waste of time. Going to have to start using YouTube for HD 
When do you say in a relationship things have gone too far...I'm so broken inside 
When does the new season of True Blood start?!?! I'm watching reruns on HBO  Anyway... great day for the Bravos!! http://bit.ly/mINOK
When everybody enjoy they weekend.. Me,, have to work!! 
When floris left the balcony I tried to jump on the fence, the ladder against it fall, I panicked, almost falling 8 floors down. I meowed 
When Frickin' pigs fly is when I'm able to write a full song 
When God created man i also believed he created a million people to get on ya tits for a laff 
when god was dishing out clumsy, i got seconds and thirds, i seem to break everything 
when happen this ? i waant the old ash BAACK ! 
When I add new modules, I almost always forget to bzr add before I commit. 
when i am down i have a way of rubbing salt in a injury if your falling mine as well go all the way 
when i am was landed at Bangalore international airport i bought pair of sunglasses &amp; *skinny* jeans) but i can't find it now 
When I cough I get lightheaded 
when i didnt get a farthers day gift.....      
When I dream of JB, always Joe appear in my face and talk with me. ARGH. I WANT NICHOLAS JERRY JONAS! 
When I envy people who start work at 9am or simply any time later than me, my working hours get changed to 7am-4pm!  can i complain? 
when i fell asleep on my grandma's room suddenly my aunty call me and told me that my uncle passed away 
When I finally feel tired enough 2go2 sleep, I look up at the TV and see scenes from a horror movie... Looks like i'm not going to sleep 
When I first signed on a few months back, everyone tweeted.  Now their tweeters seem to be broken. 
When I get back home might try and fix a bug I was working on earlier. Need to re-code quite a bit though 
When I get home in an hours time that is 
When I get mine Iï¿½m going to do a tour of Copenhagen with it ï¿½;) Hmmph I can't top that  .. must get thinking .. http://tinyurl.com/c2trgj
when i get to heaven, I would like to have a talk with Eve...b/c of her digressions, I'm forced to stay in on this sunny afternoon 
When I go out I realize I didn't synch feeddemon 3 with my blackberry. 
When I go to bed at 2-3am I wake up at 8:30am, last 2 nites went to bed at 12:30am &amp; been waking up @ 5:30am. Up now  want more sleep î?˜
when i go to the Philippines im going to shop non stop!!!! tehe hahahaha but gonna miss everyone!!  but atleast i get to see my daddy!!!!!
When i grow up i want to be a famouse singer but i dount think I will 
When I hear the start of All Summer Long, I expect  Werewolves of London. Kid Rock is always a let down, but in this case especially so. 
when i heard Nick+Miley singing Before The Storm, i felt to just cry. 
when i kissed that guy on the beach it was a sence not true why are you not talking to me? 
when i listen to &quot;papa, can you hear me&quot; i listen to it so differently, its well sad 
When i lived in blythe i  saw other city temps in the 60's in may n i  didn't really believe it.. I do now... 62 
when i need her and i'm feeling low .. i miss her so much  @MarshMash
When I ordered 3 books off Amazon on Tuesday I figured at least one of them would make it here by the weekend.  :pout:
when I relax my face, I look angry 
When I saw Terminator Salvation a while back, I kinda liked it. Now that I've rewatched T1 &amp; T2, however, it feels like epic fail. 
When I saw the twit trending on virtual assistants, I was hoping down inside it was something to do with AI agents.  But no. 
when I see my friends sad.. i'm sad also..  becoz i know what they are going through.. with first love... i know how it feels
When I signed up for team in training I didn't realize I would be getting up at 6 (!!!!)  for weekend runs 
When I stay up until midnight, I expect new woot!  
when i thought i finished my assignment, i found something else to type up 
when i try to call it says &quot;###-###-#### can't take your call now. you can leave a message....&quot;  what does this meann?!
When I was an intern this was the time I would be getting here . . . I've been here for 6hrs now  Two and a half more to go . . .
When I was growing up, the word 'fart' was considered a shade vulgar, like 'piss'.  Now, it's to be the standard slang for flatulence. 
When I was pregnant with Zane I considered naming him Spencer after Spencer Reed from Criminal Minds. But then I remembered Spencer Pratt 
Was locked up in Sartana's lair. AGAIN. Getting quite old. 
Was looking forward to a bath tonight.. but alas it'll have to be a shower  maybe another night i can jump in the spa bath..
Was looking forward to a coffee at @PippaMayCook but closed this afternoon 
was looking forward to a free day... and is now bored out of her brains already!! and its only fricking 10:10 
was looking forward to tonight but yet again my plans have fallen through. 
Was looking foward to taking an evening walk along the beach in Penticton... Boohoo rain 
was making hot milo until she realised there was NO MILK!!!  She ended up trying condensed milk but it was too sweet. Dx
was meant to have a BBQ today but the weather is so bad  What else is there to do ??
was mostly sick when she went to bed, but woke up feeling mostly dead 
was moving things yesterday till late. tired and sore.  
Was not feeling the gym this morning, half assed my workout and now feel guilty about Chik-fil-a I had for dinner last night  healthy fail
was not happy with that game 
was not super impressed with X-Men origins! 
Was not very productive today.  But the night is still young... Sorta.
Was off to a &quot;Deep Dive&quot; Session in Redmond but am no longer going   I was going to add my  extensive techy skills, ive been found out ;)
was offered ï¿½30 for my old car  Am going to keep trying see if I can get a bit more.. she has cupcakes on for goodness sake!
was On A Boat yesterday but still no sign of T-Pain 
was on the verge of buying a Black AKC British Lab for $599 today... then the apartment complex overruled it....  dumb.
was once told tat i should not rush, but should be patient. however, i m begiining to feel these past mths tat i left it far too long 
was out for most of the day due to a family emergency.  now, karma is down again. http://plurk.com/p/11b4q9
Was outside for bout 5 min then the sun left  dam. Lol so now gunna clean my room...slowly but surely lol. Guna c UP! In 3D 2nite! Yay!
Was outside playing Sudoky, but it's getting chilly in Vancouver tonight! I guess is time to go in 
When i was walking in the street, i saw some kids taking rugby... eowwwww! 
When I went to ur myspace and saw u were gonna be on bourbon street I got excited! But then I realized it wasin MA!  the real bourbon  ...
when i woke up from my nap i had to take out my contacts, but they were like dried to my eyes  it was painful.
when i'm on, everyone is like gone or not on ! 
When in Sacramento... Maybe I should order a &quot;Washington Appletini&quot;... getting a little homesick.  http://mypict.me/pOm
When is #Hulu coming to Canada?! F*ck! 
when is Catherine Zeta-Jones coming to do my mobile makeeover 
when is MizMM going to online? when when when? 
When is mms going to be released. The firmware is awesome but not fully complete 
When is my turn to watch tv hubby.? 
When is NEW MOON gonna come out????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
When is Nichos Kingdom out??? Everyone was saying it was out on Monday but is not out!  
When is Roddick playing @ Wimbledon? Does somebody know? Anyone? 
When is Star Trek out on DVD? I need to see it again already 
when is the 3.0 coming out??? been checking since midnight last night 
When is the day that I'm gonna have time to fix myself. Maybe that time will never come. 
when is the ipod touch os 3.0 gonna get here it said 17th and its the 17th in america now 
when is the new bb tour going to come out?!?!? 
When is this crappy weather going to end???  Sorry for yapping about this all the time, but me bones hurt when the weather is bad.  
When is this sore throat gonna go away 
When is this weather going to change???? We have gone from *dreary* to *drearier*. I neeeeed sunshine!  
when is work going2 end  I WANA LEAVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When it gets to the weekend, I just want to be back in Aus. 
When it rains it pours. Life sucks 
When it rains...on this side of town it's depressing. Especially when my body can't handle the dramatic weather change, so I get sick. 
When it rains-Paramore 
when it was me â™¥â™ªâ™«broken heart 
When it's rainin i ain't makin the dough! 
was plannin to shop 2day but gonna give it a miss  !!!
was planning on getting a bunch of writing done.sadly, not feeing inspired right now  even after a walk! Taking the night off...
Was planning to make most of today, getting organised for big move in few wks, but it's already 9.30, still in PJs &amp; not been to gym yet 
was playing on a trampoline and got hurt   Some soft tissue damage and doctor prescribed massage therapy
was pleased with how last weeks exams went, but doesn't think this week will, particularly since she can barely bring herself to revise 
was pretty crap but i thought i could salvage some parts of it 
Was pulling up to my house when I realized I was still in the T&amp;C all loaded down gear. 
was quite enjoying watching Hay on Wye on Sky until she noticed the amount of grey and bald heads in audience 
Was rather disappointed with store #01-07 N.A.C. today.. 
was reading an article about fight 447 and that there is no hope for survivors...how sad 
Was really excited about the domestic partners presidential memorandum thing but now I'm hearing it doesn't include health benefits. 
was really hoping to go to big ticket this year but cant 
Was really lookin forward to my red-eye. I made effort to NOT miss my flight. Packed early &amp; everything. Exactly why I pack last minute! 
was really looking forward for the patintero competition 
was really p-o'd when I woke up this morning and realized it was Monday 
was reminded again how Valley Medical is the place of hell and chaos. feel bad for those who don't have medical insurance 
Was running late to my train, pushed my bike so hard I dislodged the handle bars 
was saddened by kisschristy's first person twitter 
was second runner up  hahaha
was severely confused by the stupid wording on that exam :@ Bring on the retake 
was shocked when i read those message.. my friend is a STUPID LIAR? what the heck? 
Was shooting til 4am Domanatrix mix with Ciara style..was great til My Phone Dropped &amp; Broke 
When life is good I wish someone told me to brace for impact... :\ 
When my ATM got stolen that is where they used it.  http://twitpic.com/6beob
When near completion on k'nex Ferris Wheel, having worked on it 3 hours, they shorted me 16 needed pieces. Definite sad trombone moment. 
When oh when will it be warm again 
When one door closes another opens right?  Praying recent job chg is a door opening and not one being slammed shut in my face - again 
When sad for saying goodbye to your boyfriend do not, I repeat, DO NOT watch a movie based on a Nicholas Sparks novel..!!! I'm drowning 
When Safari going to use Add-ons  ?
When saving for holidays, there's no friday night like a &quot;hotcrossbun-cider-xbox-and-ciggy&quot; night.  Is there? 
When shld U cry ovr spilled milk?When its yours!!! Clumsy me knocked ovr a bottle spilling more than an ounce onto the kitchen floor. 
When someone dies it = 1 less twitter follower 
When Sundays are not Sondays... 
when the freezer door isn't shut properly, ice cream loses! 
'When the going gets tough'  'The tough get going'  N I ant tough 
When the hell did Deadline declare bankruptcy? Faith and a .45 was looking cool!  http://bit.ly/3bWCej
When the hospital takes your blood for tests why do they need so much of the stuff? 12 vials later and I've a bit woozy 
was sick all day and just woke up... yet another migraine 
Was sick all day so didnt go to the concert. 
Was sitting outside. STILL havent started sitting outside with Alex yet  Now I'm just lazing about til bedtime. Talk to me!
was so excited to eat the wartermelon i bought the other day and it was terrible and not sweet 
was so into her paper that she forgot to watch jonas &amp; the jonasbrothers new video for flywithme.  ughh ihateschool.
Was so sick last night. Possibly vertigo? Who knows . Fingers crossed it doesn't go there again 
was sooo close to a 4.0--damn World History!!! 
was soooo excited to go kiting today, and then realised i was looking at the forecast for hatteras ... not long &quot;no wind&quot; island ... 
was spinning herself really fast in her chair earlier today and her tummy still feels sick 
was spose to be going to a party tonight but gues what im sick  grrrrr.
Was sticking to healthier, smaller portioned meals til faced w/homemade pizza@ friends' house- no willpower over pizza. 
Was stuck in traffic for an hour on 65 yesterday. And worst sales in 5 years of this event, so no big pocketful of money to cheer me. 
was stuck in traffic jam! huh all the train were brokennnn 
was stupidly playing with tape measure. Cut myself. Injury deep. Fear ghastly infection. Oh no. I may die. Farewell beautiful world. 
was sunny... fell asleep outside and am paying for it with burnt shoulders  its all cloudy and dark now tho..thats scotland for ya
was super excited about the beach bonfire, but that didn't happen cuz it was too windy at SF  ended up going out for pizza &amp; krispy kremes
was suposed to go to six flags today 
Was suppose to go kick it with my girls tonight...but can't find a babysitter 
was supposed 2go2 matts bday cookout but ended up breaking out w/ a fever and i'm getting sick but not hangover sick. so chris w/ himself 
was supposed to be a beach day, but the weather isn't nice  Instead....Disneyland!! I love So Cal.
Was supposed to be going out tonight for a drinky - don't suppose thats gonna happen now...  
Was supposed to go Gardens' Fantasie today but Kekenut CMI  Gonna stay at home and work on my $600 project. Yay to portfolio and moolahs!
Was supposed to go to knoebels, but it just had to rain 
was supposed to go to sleep three hours ago... clearly i am still awake 
was supposed to go to van to pack up but cant be bothered 
Was supposed to leave at 6 pm but got a ping from the tester at 5 25 so leavin at 8 15 
Was supposed to take me to breakfast this mornin... 
Was supposed to take Notary class today, sux I have to miss it cuz I'm sick 
was supposeed to  go to volleyball this morning but didnt. 
Was suppost to spend the day wid Best Friend..  but I'm goin to a wedding. 
was talking to benjamin but he had to get off  missing him already
was that annyoing guy this morning at starbucks that checks his email at the sugar/creamer station, sorry..... 
was that supposed to happen? MTV?! eminem looks pissed. 
Was the only yr 11 in choir today. 
Was thinking about going to IMATS... heard from peeps how everyone was so beautiful there, decided not to go cuz I'd stick out all fugly 
Was thinking bout how im not used to jh being gone all day... Earlier today i cried missing him 
was thinking of drivin to the shopping centre. Then i remembered i have no money to buy ANYthing. 
Was thinking of going to Kalamunda for their market day but not sure the car will make it. It needs a bit of work done.  
was too crazy for my imaginary friend so he filed a restraining order against me 
was totally looking forward to having a bowl of ice-cream. then realised we had no ice-cream. utterly devo 
was trying to give Violette one more chance, but everything turns to potpourri on my skin. Really not good.  #perfume
was trying to go to the ranger game but found out that all the seats were sold (after paying to park) 
was trying to have a twitterbreak this weekend but failed...i'm an addict 
was trying to lighten up then got nailed in the head with a cupboard door 
was trying to watch heidi montag/pratts video on youtube but it wont let me watch it on my phone  stinkin utube
Was trying to win myself my sparkle in darts no such luck  maybe in 25 years ill b worth some sparkle...
was up at 7:30!! have seen Lianna off and is now back in bed!! sad times i miss her already  on the upside tears were kept to a minimum...
Was up half the night ill , not going to school todayy 
when the painkillers stop working.. that sucks. My face hurts  AND I HAVE SWINE FLU, OK.
When the team most needs them, the members go for exciting trips to places like CA. Captains perils 
When the weather's... ugh, something like asthma. So, yeah, Ventolin. 
When the winner takes over. (8) Comih back from the iow tommorow  gunna miss it really bad.
When there is lightning w/in 20 miles of Owensboro, channel 25 cuts out enough to be almost unwatchable. 
When things are this slow I have to re-learn &amp; reconsider which clients we need to be &quot;precious&quot; with (ie. national network runs only).   
When this first started I thought Twitter was blocking my account or something    I felt very alone.
When to the shoe repair shop and the guy could not find my shoes!  So I have to go back and see if he can find them in a couple days. 
When twitter goes to sleep at night, this makes me sad 
When u become an adult they take it away &amp; ur tried all the TIME 
when u talk in the phone when its upside down your voice DOESNT come out upside down 
When will &quot;The Soloist&quot; be showing here in the Philippines?!!!! I wanna watch it already!!! 
When will @paulBLG would reply my tweet 
When will `X-Men Origins:Wolverine` release in india ? looks like multiplex 'es are on strike  - no new films ?  #wolverine
When will copy stack become a defauly feature in Windows? 
when will i be able to date JORDAN KNIGHT...in my dreams  (sigh) tweet sigh
when will i be able to finish cleaning that damn car. arrrrgh. i still need to buy stuff for my trip tom! 
When will I have a good day!? 
When will I learn to have more faith. I worry entirely too much 
When will iphone OS 3.0 will be available? refreshing, refreshing.. zero 
when will live be up! 
When will my cough go away?! Aaaahhh!! &gt;:| 
was up most of the night with Nicholas. I hate it when my kids are sick. 
Was up ninety then lost it all  i still gots time wish me luck
Was up sick all last night...not the best thing on your vacation 
was up sick all night, but has to go to work anyway 
was up three times last night with a sick dog 
Was updating my distributed agile team's electronic status when FF crashed. Microsoft guy on team wasn't too harsh. IE worked. 
was upset because spongebob wasnt on last night 
was v. happy with survivor but feels like ass today. 
Was waiting for a bus with some AMAZING BLOKE. He went for a piss, the last bus came and I had to get it. Feel like an utter CUNT. 
was waking up in vegas but she had to come home 
Was walking then stepped on glass. My foot hurts! 
Was watchin some Jamaican daggering pissed me right off dam whats wrtong with our people.....dam shame. 
Was watchin some Jamaican daggering pissed me right off.... dam whats wrong with our people.....dam shame. 
Was watching &quot;Mamma Mia&quot; ,so bad I  had to turn it off...very disappointing...love Abba 
was watching a documentary on the Castro... Good for KQED! Can't finish though, have to sleep... 
Was watching a DVD with the kids, till the DVD player died 
was watching a movie and missed the opening of the tonys. my life is over. 
was watching larry king live and our cable went out booohoooo 
was watching MTV Awards and was horrible !!! So  disappointed 
was watching the game.....dissapointed Magic whats up yo 
Was watching the lions match today in the pub with me da and we lost 
was watching the matrix 
Was watching TV when I noticed that @feliciaday now works at Sears! What is going on!? Is the guild cancelled!? 
was wfh so missed liwa when she was in our office courtyard all afternoon yesterday.  she's still having trouble flying and getting lift.
was wholly unimpressed with the wedding weather in Shrewsbury today. Home in 3 hours tho', but more rain for tomorrow's wedding 
was with my best friend at the cinema and then went to the beach beautiful weather, we wanted to met friends but they weren't there 
was woken by a telemarketer's call. Shouldn't they know I got home at 3:30AM last night?! 
Was woken up by J's money song  Damn tooth fairy!
Was working most of the weekend  But got out for a short Kayak trip to Island Eddy yesterday.
was working underneath the sound of thunder but then it stopped. 
was wrong and True Blood doesn't start until next Sunday 
washed clothes today....mad bcuz i couldnt enroll into the online course i wanted to take 
Washed Coco's sheets, 1st time washing since losing Chester.....I cried like a baby carrying 1 sleeping bag down to house, it still hurts 
washed eye out but got water up my sleeve 
washed her hair and now waiting til its time to get ready for workkk 
Washed it off, but my shoulder still stinks 
washed my hair, i look like a drowned rat!  lol.
washed the EZ shirt in hot water. it shrunk a little, but it's still baggy and awkward.  fail
washin dishes. ow. i just flipping cut myself with a knife  ow ow ow ow ow ow
Washing clothes is cutting into my gym time 
Washing dishes again! 
Washing Franks cloths 
Washing machine broke  New one isn't here yet...off to the laundrymat.
washing machine is fucked !!! 
washing my Blockbuster Media t-shirt and getting ready to throw myself into the dungeon for the night 
Washing my hair getting ready for the last week of school  
washing my own hair.... this might take a few hours ugh damn alex for not being at work today 
Washing the rest of the dishes &amp; some from right now, just ate lunch with my mom who is now leaving for work 
Washing throws, cleaning candle holders, sorting stuff for a now much needed boot sale, and off to laundry to dry everything 
washington oaks...yay 
wasn't a match classic.. ohhh well 
Wasn't a very exciting race  but hell yes for Jason Button and Brawn GP.
Wasn't able to go to MITM4E because Aaron got food poisoning. 
Wasn't able to make it to church function, got caught up  But the good news is I lost another pound today!!Now weigh 252 down from 270
Wasn't aware how strong dramamine is .. I took 3 and slept for almost 10 hours. 
wasn't it supposed to rain or something today? too hard to veg or roll over back to sleep when it's so evidently nice outside 
Wasnt me this time  lol #squarespace
Wasn't on speaking terms with for a day and a half was one of the hosts and he played me like a stalker and now we really aren't speaking 
Wasnt scheduled to work tomorrow &amp; Im kinda pissed that I have so few hours this week. I def need the money 
wasn't the first thing I said though 
Wasn't there an example a while back with draggable edges to place an imageoverlay? I can't find it 
Wasn't to impressed with the Tweeterbus at all 
Wasn't worth the wait 
Wassup people, I'm so bored right now  what is there to do. Lets go swimming somewhere fuck!
wassup people? this heart aches 
Waste of time and fuel 
Wasted a entire day yesterday. Back to work today. I think I am getting to old to party after bedtime. 
wasted all of her pregaming 
Wasted and blowed...still in my system 
wasted money on the lottery, working tomorrow  laying in bed listening to harry potter 
Wasted most of yesterday mending the garden table, and now it's Monday.... 
Wasted Saturday 
Wasted, wasted, wasted. -__- I wish I was at the Giants game with @jjtl. I miss him. 
Wasting my time AGAIN 
Wasting my time at Facebook... 
wasting my time sittin idle at home 
wasting time 
when will my energy return and this blankness piss off! stupid flu 
when will people learn?? ruined my whole day yesterday 
When will shows happen for me 
When will the awkwardness end? 
When will the rain stop  it sucks riding a scooter when it's wet.
When will the rain stop i want to go out 
When will the rain stop in the DMV...... I feel sooooo down..... 
when will these flea bites stop itching!? my ankles and leg are so sore. 
When will these transects end? Been here since 5am and doesn't look like I will get out before happy hour 
when will they ring me? i dont think i can stay in this job any longer 
When will this day end?!!!  
when will this hurting stop?? ik vakantie 
when will tmw come 
When will Trey and Stella learn to sleep in?  This bathroom business at 6:45 on Sunday is not ok with me 
When will Up available at the Cinema here in Hong Kong? 
when you dont do what youre suppose to, you have to work late  
when you grow older, you will become more aware of the things around you. and it isn't really a pretty sight. sad reality 
When you have a jealous sister, it's difficult to live your life happily 
When you have to do with 3rd party there's always a lot of waiting involved... Why? ( I already know the answer  )
when you know letting go is the right thing to do.... why is it so hard :/ why does is hurt so bad 
When you open your article or column with a quote, it totally messes with my drop cap. 
When your brain has been on hiatus for several years, it tends to get a little rusty... And typing a resume' isn't so much fun at all... 
when you're waiting for a phone call or a sms it never arrives... 
wat 2 do 2day, I think it supposed 2 rain  no good
wat a day  so over working a dead end job!!!!! talk with you al tomoz u crazy twitters xx &lt;3 xx
wat a day heavy rain and thunderstorms carnt we have the nice weather bk  
wat a day,wish i wuz cuddled up watchn movies wit ma boo 
Wat a gr8 weekend sucha shame it ended so quickly  sad face
Wat a long day... And the other half is half Canned, so will be nice and relaxed tonight...  That was sacasim BTW
wat a sucky weekend.. idk.. i think its time to get my own life.. alone..  this relly sucks.. i never thought i would think this way..
Wat am I gonna do!? Got on 1 but the roommate was a Cutie! Zang this always happens 2 me 
wat can i do to stop my head from hurting like crazy? 
wat grudge has manipal against me....everytime i hv a exam....the weatehr has to b &quot;mast&quot; a nite b4... 
Wat is yr most bangin breakfast or cereal to kick start yr day off with?.. I'm sooo hungry&amp;wishes I hada midget2go make me sum food  booo
Wat naughty thing should I eat/drink 2day? Chicken wings or soda? I really want da soda 
Wat should i eat?  im hungryy
wat shud i eat fr dinner? or i better go straight to bed? isnt it bad having dinner this late?? 
Wat the heck is North Korea doing!!??!! They just conducted powerful nuclear tests! Follow the link: http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/30921379
wat the hell no cable !!!!!! missing fullmetal alchemist and tears to  tiara 
wat the hell's goin on wid my printer???/ 
wat up Seattle. I kind of have a hangover from too much free beer last night. I wish somebody would buy me a cup of coffee and a donut!! 
Wat up tweets im board 
watch Changeling,this movie is soo sad 
Watch Jay Leno tonite!!!  It's his last day as the Tonite Show Host and  Late Nite Leader 
Watch me perform with the 3oh3 boys tonight on Jimmy Kimmel. Let me know how it is since I won't be able to watch it 
Watch the final of '' TI lascio une canzona''  Owww so sad, everybody was crying, I had tears to my eyes  So cutee !!!
Watch the videos of today, don't forget us.  http://bit.ly/WHKDO   #IranElection
Watch this! http://bit.ly/pwO9s (via @PerezHilton)dude, not avail on iPhone. 
Watch your new followers, sex spammers are back! 
Watch!!!! Twitter gonna turn into a Promotion Site just like they (us) did myspace. Poor myspace. 
watched &quot; THE NOTEBOOK&quot; cant stop crying 
Watched &quot;Gran Torino&quot;. *sigh* I could never go to war. 
Watched 17 again ! \/ Forrgot to tweet right away 
watched 4 one tree hill episodes... cried in every single one of them ha great! 
watched a hummingbird have a bath earlier.   No camera on me at the time 
whenever i listening to my ipod and listen to a sad song , i cry 
Whenever I lose my remote or keys, I feel like calling them lol. If only it worked that way. 
whenever i see a headline about the missing Air France flight.. i remember the movie Castaway.. 
whenever i watch live videos of JB, i feel so upset knowing i'm not going to world tour  my parents must have it in for me.
whenever Radio by Cash Cash comes on I think how cute they all look when they r jumping trying to get the crowd to jump! I miss them. 
Whenever ur talking about ur husband and figgiting with ur wedding ring, things aren't good. I feel so bad for u Kate  I'm never marrying
Whens &quot;Every Part of Me&quot; gonna leak 
when's aqua teen hunger force coming on... there are no good jokes on twitter 
When's next barcamp? I want to speak about quite a few things re: web development. I feel things haven't been covered today  #bcleeds09
When's the Jonas concert here?  ) HAHA. I will save na for it. Seriously.
whent to the hospital friday at home drugged up and so week i cant even walk  f my life
wher'd you go i missed you so semms like its been forever since you've been gone 
Where am i gonna get 6,741 baht for my new ibook battery 
where are @EstJesusNoWhere and @RockBouvier ? 
where are all my chat people at?  I'm in chat for the first time in forever and none of you are around 
Where are all my fellow twitterers? I feel alone 
where are all my friends today? 
where are all my lateshift peeps?! 
Where are all the banana slugs? 
where are all the good guys at? ahh. well had fun with devon today- i'm so glad i got to spend time with him b/c he works all the time 
where are all the twitterers from iran? 
Where are all you Motivated/Determined/wannabe sexy successful young professionals!??! I might really have to join a BNI if there is no1! 
Where are alll the shoppers?  How is a small independant business suppose to survive if everyone goes to all the big shopping centres 
where are my parents? 
Where are my ribs and calamari? 
where are my rings!!??  i dont remember where i put them down
where are my satruday morning cartoons 
where are my saturday secrets?  i have to work today, thisissogay.
Watched a movie with my sister and now I'm off to bed, work tomorrow 
Watched a movie... feeling sleepy but know that when i actually get up from the lounge and move to bed I'll be wide awake 
watched a scary movie today and now i cant sleep! 
Watched a show called Charm School on MTV last night. Unfortunately can't get it out of my head! Now want to bang my head against a wall 
watched a sweet sad movie last night and can't stop thinking about it today 
Watched an old tv Show called MacGyver saw a rhino that had to be shot because he was so much pain after having his horns cut off 
Watched Angels and Demon's.... I'm so disappointed  the good part was to get a glance of Rome
Watched Angels n Demons and happy houred at Elysian Fields. Wish I lived on 8th and Olive 
Watched Cannibal Holocaust last night and had screwed up dreams. That is not a movie for the squeamish. They kill a real turtle 
watched Cillian die twice last night  pretty fookin sad.  its just movies anna! oh yeah, found my black cardi so i am peaceful
Watched Enchanted...ummm went in woth low expectations...the movie didn't even meet those 
watched fantastic four film earlier with kids, was rubbish 
Watched footage on enews about the beached whales. Very sad day for Cape Town indeed  only 11 of the 55 survived
Where are the tweeters? 
where are those days .. blore lazy sunday mornings.. i hear traffic now  come back good ol' days
where are you 
where are you bee. 
WHERE ARE YOU CODEINE?! I NEED YOU IN MY MOUTH! 
Where are you Nora???????? I can't bug you if your not here!!!!! 
Where are you now? What are you doing? 
Where are you now? What's going on with you? Tonight will be delayed again, right? 100% 
where are you stupid calculator!  .. off to an exam
Where are you? 
where are youu ? 
Where be he?  x
Where can I find the New Moon trailer? 
Where can I get some Barney Banana's??? - The best icecream they are all sold out!  
Where can I watch the match online? 
Where can I watch the match online?  #PakCricket
Where da sunshine gone?? 
Where did @MikeWeatherly go? I checked for @MichaelWeatherly since he said they'd change it soon but at the moment neither of them exist. 
Where did all the nice weather go? 
where did all the sunshine go 
where did all the warm weatherrr gooo? 
Where did all these clothes come from and where am I going to put them? 
where did everyone go 
Where did my confidence go? 
Where did my last tweet go?? It was from Tweetie. 
where did my twitters from last night go?  
where did my weekend go??!!  @ work...ughhhhhhhh
Where did Stephen Colbert's hair go? Oh dear, he doesn't look as handsome 
Where did summer go!? Torrential rain in the lakes today! 
Where did that great weather go?   
WHERE DID THE SUN AND BLUE SKY GO?! I knew this would happen-I was going to hit the beach tomorrow 
Where Did The Sun Go! 
Where did the sun go!!!! 
Where did the sun go..? 
where did the sun go? 
where did the sun go?  i was hoping to layout today and read in the sun.. buggers #fb
Where did the sun go?  Oh well, it's still nice outside! 
Where did the sun go? Ice cream in the park plans are RUINED 
Where did the sunshine go???? 
Where did the weekend go?  You look forward to it &amp; it flies by too fast. 
Where did the weekend go?!   Getting ready for work.
Where did this downpour come from? D'oh! Can anyone suggest a reliable weather report in the UK? Not happy about riding home in the rain 
watched half of the grudge 3. couldn't bear anymore. that movie is TERRIBLE. 
watched He's Just Not That Into You, Taking Chance, and Nights In Rodanthe.  during Taking Chance, I silently cried the entire time 
Watched House marathon on JetBlue. Yes. I miss him that much. 
Watched Jay Leno say goodbye to the Tonight Show  A little sad. Well, goodnight to you, sweet dreams.
Watched Law &amp; Order: Criminal Intent, Season 2 episode 20 earlier today. 'twas interesting :O sad ending 
watched Marley and Me yesterday. Ive never cried so much in a movie before! probly because I had to put my naughty dog Max, down last yr 
Watched Marley and me. So sad  i made a little lake on my bed... cried too much. I'm scared of having to say goodbye to my little pup. =[
Watched Marley&amp;Me with my Mom...3rd time I watched it and I STILL got teary eyed.  sad movie..but good
Watched movies # 7 &quot;Paul Blart: Mall Cop&quot; and #8 &quot;Hotel for Dogs&quot; last night.  Computer/modem issues 
watched mysterious skin and i'm feeling empty and sad. The rape scene was horrifying, that guy will probably haunt my dreams tonight 
watched newsline today at home. So yeah, that whole squashed 4:3 thing? Wasn't cool during rehearsals, and guess what... still not cool 
Watched Night at the Museum 2 today. The JoBro cherubs are soooo cute! Now i'm doing chemistry study 
watched old dance vids just now... depressing 2 c what i can no longer do 
where did u go!?! 
where did you go? 
Where do I go? What do I do? I can't deny I still feel something  x
Where do I go? What do I do? Please!!!!!.. I need to talk to you!!! 
Where do you get Club 77 (Starfuckers) pictures from? I'm looking for ages can't seem to find it 
where has all the duchy originals peppermint tea gone?? down to last 2 bags with no replacements in sight 
Where has all the sunnyshine gone  Really will do anything rather than the hoovering.  Might alphabetise CD collection first...
where has all the sunshine gone?  x
where has my geodefense gone   My ipod is just not as much fun without it.
Where has summer gone 
WHERE HAS THE SEXY HOT SUN GONE  ??? 
where has the sun gone  its stuck behind the clouds, no tanning today 
Where has the sun gone, more rain 
where has the sun gone? 
Where has the sun gone? looks like rain on the way 
Where has the sunshine gone 
Where has the weekend gone 
where has the weekend gone??? now it's Monday and my brain is aching 
Where have I been did David Cooks  Brother Adam pass away 
where have the majority of my followings gone???!!! They've dissapeared 
Where is @ahoova !? It's so quiet without her 
Where is @djimpulse? 
Where is @michellebunny?? 
where is @rehmxo???? 
where is @TriniGirlBlue today?  honey we miss you!
Where is @VikkSyn at? I havent really talked to her all day. 
Where is 3.0? My computer won't find the update 
Where is all the peep at? 
WHERE IS BOOBIES I HAVENT TALKED TO HIM ALL DAY  I MISS HIM I WILL SEE HIM TOMORROW THOUGH YEE DIG
Where is brooke! 
Where is everybody this morning? I've got not much time left....     
Where is everyone - at work and the phone is dead 
Where is everyone this morning 
Where is everyone tonight? I feel deserted!  Guess I'll catch the news &amp; think about calling it a night. *Buenas noches hasta maÃ±ana*
Where is everyone? 
Where is everyone? Are you all having a party and didn't invite me 
Where is everyone? I feel all alone on twitter 
Where is everyone? I need to talk to somebody I'm feeling conflicted... right now.  And there's none of my close trusted friends present. 
Where is everyone??? 
where is he.. 
WHERE IS MORRRISSS? 
where is my 3.0 update? 
Where is my AE perfume?  It's like the only one that I don't have an allergy to.
Where is my bestie when i need him @iAmcertiPHIed 
where is my BFF i haven't talked to her in like forever...boohoo 
WHERE IS MY BLACKBERRY!?!?!?   
where is my boo at?? *pouts* he needs to hit me up today 
watched passion of christ....  what to say
Watched Pushing Daisies finale.  Hate ABC even more now, but at least there was a pseudo-&quot;what happened to them&quot; at the end 
watched pushing daisies last night, it's really too bad that it got cancelled.... 
Watched Smallville 8x18 last nite http://twurl.nl/iyar6d ep could've been so much more but yet again the decisions made fail to impress 
Watched So You Think You Can Dance and am upset that those 2 went home 
watched some rugby, playing xbox now...can't go to the pub, still on antibiotics 
Watched something awesome on TV last night, had some awesome filmography in it. Was sad though  I might see if it's on 4OD...
Watched the Boy in the Striped Pajamas today...was not expecting the ending  Great film though
Watched The Day the Earth Stood Still.  Pretty decent movie and it ended right at midnight.  So is iPhone OS 3.0 available?  Not yet.  
Watched the episode of the goode family written by @franklinson and some dude who doesnt tweet. The racism was based on me. 
watched the first 3 episodes of Mad Men last night. i want more!!! but the dude has the DVDs 
watched The Hangover last night but missed the pictures at the end 
@tluckow and now I feel bad because you asked, and they came out and told my dad. 
@tluckow Yep! Bad news  Our neighbor's crazy son wants to take him.   I'm sorry, we'd jokingly asked them if they wanted him, and now
@TLuke08  sometimes going and doing other stuff cures that
@TLWH oh, oh--just installed that 'update' 
@TLY09. . . i want cousin time 
@TLynnNews such scary news on a friday 
@tmaikeo no timmy! you're no where near me  you gotta go more west. i swear, canada's not that bad ;)
@TMAN51092 haha sorru dude. i know only one physics final seperating you from summer 
@tmanning82 luck you! Working Monday  but got Tuesday and Friday off! 3 day week!
@tmBoyGENiUS ima fuck up n let the world c my # 
@TMcFeeley Oops.... I wasn't counting 
@tmere Yes I always buy a bunch of it when it hits the shelves. I'm really disappointed in the Orange Peel ale though 
@tmg25 someone taking your 24&quot; cinema dsply and having to go back to a 17&quot; Dell is like someone stealing your bike.  Gimme my bike back 
@tmgrice ugh - I'm sorry 
@tmlong1 you're not allowed tears 
@TMLZ go to sleeeeeeeep, i so tired but cannot, dw mads. i love withdrawl symptoms, group snuggle was so nice 
@tmo119fbaseball thanks have been looking for some info on John Lackey....not the information I wanted to hear though 
@TMobile_Dan I'm sorry I know how that feels and it royally sucks 
@TMobile_USA Hey, my data network has been down for 4 hours over here in LA. What's wrong? 
@TMobile_USA Just got Cupcake, what's up with the UI?! The music player is good, but the main menu pull-up.. Carbon Fibre? Really? 
@TMobile_USA Thank U!  Ur customer service is gr8, I just wish I could get reception at my house.  
@TMoney_Sculls you should go down another week.... so i can come. ive never been to wildwood 
@tmook I haven't, no.  I doubt very much I'd end up buying, anyway, though... I just don't have that sort of time on my hands anymore 
@tmorello really hope the album is also on Finlands iTunes also. Yesterday it didn't know your band. 
@tmwwtim hey timmay! nah giant step tonight. still at work  have fun sonnnnn
@TNAaddicted: I'm missing @Hypers_Starr here right now  AW I MISS YOU TOO HUN. BACK @ THE GARAGE WITH CAR. WAITIN AND TWEETIN
@TNCCinSD been there done that regarding Windows 7 ultimate, just want to know how much to upgrade from win 7 basic is  win 7 rocks!
@TNgirl76 yeah, it is close and we still have to find a Jon and Danny girl for our group   and it's HARD as crap too!
@tnicholson I hope it's not only you.. e.g. I can't explain this: http://www.devexp.eu/?p=834 
@tnickens borrowed my nyquil and never brought it back... Was kinda looking forward to that tonight.  sad...
@tnkgrl great.  does cupcake give you ability to send via bluetooth at least?
@tnkgrl That's why there's still no official Qik App in the App Store and Sling is limited to WiFi only. 
@tnorman1 Well, I'm picking the Penguins, so that means the Wings will win 
@tnrainbeau well its your turn cause my only idea of google didnt work! 
@tnsSG - moving is tiring 
@tnsSG study &amp; play at the same time? Me go see customer 
@To_The_Moon Hiya hun! It's just not my day. Dentist appointment (ouch!),notebook being a bitch. Feeling sick  How's you?
@Toast472 I'm sorry... 
@toastastic we had 2 take him 2 the vets again 2day, he hasn't had a No2 since the anesthetic!! lets just say he didn't enjoy his visit! 
@toastcommunism ikr him and francois better be coming back 
@toastcommunism IKR, fcuk kobe i want the Sid cover. 
@toastcommunism NIGHT 
@ToasterXDard 
@toastguy I wish, but no dice. 
@tobeabother so jealous! haven't gotten mine yet. 
@ToBeat7 No  oldold phone still waiting for a new one
@tobefreeisme I would be scratching ma head toooo 
@tobesforsho wtf! Whats with all these concerts your are attending..im super jealous. No invite either 
@tobi319 aww man!    thanks, haha.
@tobianthes Andrew woke up this morning vomiting.  we will have to skip 
@tobias_182 miss you shitface  totally have the swine. hows life?
@tobias_a Quick question - does the app work in all browsers? Didn't seem to do much in Safari 
@tobigurl19 pretty sure I feel like shit now  thanks a lot for wrecking whatever sort of dreams I had in mind
@tobinibot @sorenj @andreaapplegate @derdrache thanks guys. It totally sucked. Mean people suck. I may be b**chy but mom &amp; dad r sweet 
@toby279  that sux!
@Toby98 80th. 
@TobyAnscombe I know  Those blue cnuts are going to get in aren't they 
@tobycastle dammit you're on my list to get back to today, i can't do saturday  it's mia's birthday party (jeremy and kathryn)
@tobyhearne no Twitter nixed it 
@tobyhenson:  Boo on Target?
@TobyKeeping No, but will take it under advisement ... of course we have another yr on our contract and would be killed if we wasted it 
@TobyML Safari cannot open the page. 
@tobymoody I can't believe you two missed the best MotoGP race of the season so far 
@TobyTalksToRain  Booo. Are you moving to Devon already, then?
@TobyTalksToRain I don't even get to go on the train  Life is tough. If you come back, I'll let you drive the train! 
@ToccarraSincere  Karnitia... What r we Doing 4 my Bday!? I can't celebrate with out my BFF!  Miss u!
@todayimfine   for a change, ONTD is being nice, too.  when even *that* crowd feels sorry for you...least from what I've seen! and it was
@todayshow love the jonas brothers!! Wish I lived closer to nyc 
@todd_keisling tried that... not helping. 
@todd1atl nope in jacksonville awake as shit. i cant go to sleep 
@toddanddon I called to say Save Lyons for Don's dad but was rejected  I think I should get Journey tickets as REPARATIONS!
Where is my brother? 
Where is my Burt's Bees lip Balm!? I always end up losing the ones I have 
where is my cameraaaa? 
WHERE IS MY DAMN PHONE   
where is my dog miggy?!    waahhh!!!
where is my fast forward button? i seem to have lost it 
Where is my fkkn PHONE???!!! ughhghgh... i feel naked  Sarah or Pickle if u have it hit me up on twitter or facebook
where is my guitar... how can i play something whitout my guitar 
where is my iphone 3.0 softwear 
Where is my iphone 3.0! It's the 17th! And still on 2,2.1 
where is my lanyarddddddddddddddddddddddd 
Where is my Nintendo DS?  Â¬Â¬
Where is my pheenix  Haven't seen him all day. *sad now*
Where is my Raulito?... 
where is my serato adaptor? 
where is my strawberry cake? 
Where is my top coat? I have my base coat in hand, but top coat is MIA. 
Where is my Twilight dvd? 
WHERE IS MY VACUUM FROM ELLEN??    
where is my wallet  ?
Where is Nico?  I'm dying...
Where is Peter Andre hes gone into hiding no posts 
Where is Sisqo? I liked Dru Hill and Sisqo's Silver hair. 
where is that plane of air france??? 
Where is the damn sun?  Im supposed to go to an outside wedding this afternoon. 
Where is the final episode when you need it.. 
where is the freaking sunnn?! 
where is the happiness go ? i dont know 
where is the hot weather???? its june but it sure doesnt look like it 
WHERE IS THE IPHONE 3.0 SOFTWARE UPDATE 
Where is the red faction multiplayer demo. Its vanished off the store 
Where is the stapler  @ian did you steal it?
Where is the sun ? 
where is the sun!!?!   it helps me get the day going..
Where is the sun? 
Where is the sun? Dont do grey skys! 
where is the sun? I don't like overcast days 
Where is the sun?? 
Where is the Sun??? 
Where is the sunshine?? I'm tired of this rain and cloudy skies!! 
Where is the warm and sun 
Where is this Netbeans Beta1 which was supposed to be available yesterday  http://wiki.netbeans.org/NetBeans67
where my daily tweetscope 
Where o where have the rains gone ? 
where oh where did he go? 
where oh where is my cell phone hiding... come out come out where ever you areee 
where oh where is MY iphone??? ;) well...i guess december isn't THAT far away 
Where oh Where is My Sunshine?? 
where on earth I have been until I don't know who is she anymore. it feels like friends become strangers 
Where on earth is the street sweeper?I need to hurry home to get 5 more minutes sleep 
where r u feb? i need u here! 
where r u? 
where shall I go today?  i really don't feel like spending this beautiful sunny day at home ...
where should I eat?? OMG. idk where 
where should I join? individual or group? hmmm cant think of it i dont have enough money  oooohhh. cosplay mania. 
Where the f are my mixtapes?? I need/want mixtapes!!! Help!!! Now im sad, really really sad 
where the f are my pinking shears? rarararrrarararr...babyproofing while cutting stuff makes me stick shears random places &amp; forget them 
where the fuck are my headphones ?!  *sigh*
where the fuck are we! its so dark and cold, with no life 
Where the fuck is everyone in the chat??? I guess I'm the only one without a life.... 
where the fuck is my phone 
where the fuck is my psy book. 
Where the heck are my booty shorts?! 
where the heck is @varsityfc 
WHERE THE HECK IS A CAMERA WHEN YOU NEED ONEEEEEEEE? ugh! 
Where the heck is my mani pedi partner??? 
Where the hell did the sun go!  pre-loaded my iPod with films ad music...
Where the hell did the weekend go??one second it was Friday and then i woke up to Monday.. sad sad sad state of afairs.. 
Where the hell has the sun gone 
Where the hell is my best friend 
where the hell is my conversion you silly website?? i shall stab you if you dont hurry up and send it to me 
where the hell is my picture gone, it was fine yesterday, i thought maybe changing it would help but it didnt 
Where the hell is the postman?!!?! 
where to download song albums?my lappy is music-less 
Where to get ribbonzzz? 
where to go for dinner? Any suggestion? I feel to eat mashed potatoes. 
where to go tonight? loosahs rnt down for tiga 
Where u goin? @JaguarFeva 
where when we packed like sardine's!!! any way yea day 26 was fucking banging and i love them all but brian aint come to my side too much 
Where, oh where did Cat Town go? I miss El Guapo 
Where, oh where have the Hydrox gone??  I'm stuck with oreos 
where'd all the sunshine go? It's pretty grim out there today 
where'd my nums go?! 
Where'd my pic go...stupid twitter! 
Where'd the effin rain go?! 
where'd the sun go?   oops, i think i complained of the heat too much 
Where'd the sun go? It looks like rain 
Where'd the sunny weather go?  rain rain go away!
WHEREEEE YU BEEEN  @YungBoiiSwag
wherees the sun 
WHEREï¿½S JOE 
Where's @anam_himura? Kinda missed him today 
Where's @CAHinxman when you need her?! 
Wheres all our followers at, your makin us feel not welcomed on here  FOLLOW US!
Wheres all the cheesy pop gone??  i was just getting into it and now its gone! XX
Where's D.Gray-man? Still on hiatus? 
Where's deanna? 
Where's dewy when you need her ? 
where's ffjms? 
Where's hot summer weather?=.= we might not get it after all! I want a summ-er!! 
Where's iPhone 3.0 o/s??  
Wheres me bed? It cant be monday already 
WHERE's MILANA! 
wheres my @pumaswede? 
Where's my baby? 
Where's my baby?! 
Where's my best friend going...? 
where's my bgt buddie 
Where's my BMF this morning?  ugh mondays.
wheres my confed ticket...... 
where's my cs mojo?? 
Wheres my dinner 
where's my edward???   xoxo
WHERES MY G1 UPDATE?? UGH! 
Where's my Hannah Montana cereal bowl? I can't find it!!  Supposed to eat Oh's cereal for lunch huhu
where's my happy ending?? 
wheres my hubby ? 
where's my JS??  I miss her
Where's my kitty cat when I need her? 
Where's my liver?! I think it hurts 
Where's my mail? 
Where's my Mom?!?! D: They haven't been back from the gym. Me is feeling lonely. 
where's my new @NylonMag 
Wheres my phone ?! 
where's my pic?  
Where's my pic?!?!?! 
where's my picture? 
where's my radio:active dvd?? i wanna watch it already! 
where's my sarah 
Where's my Stila order?  It's been almost 2 weeks.
Where's my sun?? 
Where's my sunshine @DONDITO? 
Where's my sunshine this morning?  Is June gloom here early this year?  
Wheres my Zelda 
where's olivia? i thought we were going bike riding. 
where's plec ? 
Wheres sara? 
Where's Scott Rolen? 
where's that amy sluuutt. i miss her 
Wheres that one kid to give me a massaage?  mah back hurts 
where's the 3 hole punch at  ?
Where's the Air France airplane? 
Where's the boy i knew ? 
where's the Geography Book? can't find it 
Where's the love? 
Where's the menu for the Chinese place?  It has been missing for ages.
Where's the rain? It cleared up! 
Wheres the sexy cop?!  
wheres the sun gone 
Where's the sun gone 
where's the sun gone - I don't like this rain!! 
wheres the sun gone? 
where's the sun gone? 
wheres the sun gone? its rainin yet again 
Wheres the sun gone???.....  Im focused ths morning....Ive had my weetabix!!!
Where's the sun today, London? I'm not impressed. 
Where's the sunshine gone? 
Where's the sunshine?    Getting ready for my day!
Where's the world that doesn't care? Maybe I could meet you there. I miss Busted. 
where's tobunobuta? he promised that he'd go to LIA galaxy this afternoon and meet me but i couldn't find him 
wheressss my bff 
WheresThe Sun Gone?! Its Summer Andd The Sun Is No Where To Be Seen  Bad Timesss lol
Where've my applications gone!   They've disappeared off the dock, and I can no longer find them 
WHEW JUST GOT IN THE HOUSE. LONG ASS DAY IPOD TOUCH OUT OF COMMISSION FOR NOW 
whew the chinese i had earlier was a big FAILBOAT 
Whew!  Its been a long couple of days. And its not going to slow down soon  good nite.
whew! end of lunch break..still sleepy 
Whew! I had about twenty burrs in my fur after our walk. 
whew! macapagal road, clear from traffic... hoping to be home before 8pm... sorry kids. 
WHEW! No Boogie Shark sghtngs over the dark deep blu!.. Congrats Pier smmrs! That was WORK!..Uh, I thk Mo swllwd Nemo.. Poor little guy! 
Whew! That was refreshing! Time to get on the road &amp; to the gym!  Not looking forward to being sleepy at work and taking a midterm later. 
whew, finsihed packing up all my envelopes now I just need to tape them all shut!  Been a busy day of all work and no play 
Whew, pages of SQL database queries today, Gah, ok, back to good old form validation work, wait what?  wish I had more sql to work on
Whew, the first night and day of summer were.....very sad  But, I have Jess's grad party to go to tonight!!! 
whew.  got the pieces cut.  but I really need a higher table- my back hurts.    I'll start sewing tomorrow!!!  
whew. Barcelona was a lot of fun, but now I'm exhausted after four days of nonstop travel... last full week in Madrid 
whey! sorted out my shoe box this morning, binned a few pairs.... gutted 
WHF?? T:SCC killed Derek Reese (Brian Austin Green), I actually liked that character! 
whhaaaaaaaaattt ?!?!?! JonasBrothersMusic ... s-s-suspended! how'd that happen, eeeh? Grrr, i HATE jonas haters :@!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
whheeee being smad @ life in general (aka: the fact that im not at an awesome party even tho i was invited 
whhhaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!! whaaaaaaa!!!!!!  COIMA!!!!!!!!!! is it raining in coima???? raining down here....feel like im in the NW !!
Whhhhy is there a $20 minimum on internet orders, Dominos? You've cut me reeeeal deep 
Whhyy do i hve to go back school tomorrow 
which is the best twitter client ?? can somebody enlighten me ?  I am using &quot;blu&quot; which kind of rocks but no system tray 
which is the one time in life, pressure just slows you down 
Which is your favourite Harry Potter film?.-Sorcerer's Stone.-Chamber of Secrets.-Prisoner of Azkaban.-Goblet of Fire.-I like them all equally!.-I hate Harry Potter and think this is a stupid question...
Which r probably closed now 
Which sadist took my headphones away while I was off eating lunch? 
Which team holds the most NBA titles? I thought I knew this 
whichever one of you punks from the west coast sent us this rain today... i dont like you 
whicht isn't a spicy subject...neither a sweet one, contrary to my expectations 
While all my friends are sleeping, I'm up working.  It kind of sucks not having anyone to chat with via IM 
While biking home at around 11pm-ish I had to search a gutter for half an hr  trying to find my glasses lens! And now it's chipped 
While I actually considered staying up and watching Raw, I won't. I'm just so tired.  Good night!
While I do enjoy my job very much. Its always nicest outside when I'm indoors 
while I like CT I haven't been able to find any bloggers or mommy bloggers here  For that reason, I miss Washington.
While I Love cheese cake, I always seem to pay for it late in the middle of the night  #henceimawake
While I remember: I have failed at fantasy football lately. I was at the top of my league for ever and am now struggling to get past 3rd. 
while i was babysiting i watched titanic. i want a jack dawson 
While I was typing that last tweet, the power went out in our theater. I'm sorry Kubrick, bad movies are bad movies. 
While I'm at it, I also want a Fluminense shirt.  I think a weekend away to get one is out of the question though.  
while listening to some John Matthew' here look at what I found - isn'it cuuuuuteeeeee? well, good let's go on financial planning 
while MiniTest may be faster, it's even less extensible than Test::Unit 
while my pictures are loading im doin home work  english (my worst sybject )
While Prince is too skinny TT That's why we have to feed him, he to weak to eat with his mommy  http://twitpic.com/7p9jh
While putting away the dishes, I dropped a fork, tines side down on my middle toe!  Yes, they pierced the skin and I bled 
While reading my google readers' list, I realized how much of people-I-read's life revolves around twitter 
While that may make me feel happier (&amp; yet somewhat creeped out thanks to you) that will not ease my sunburn pain 
while the bounce house made yesterday amazing, I am in way too much pain today because of it... kind of sad how out of shape I feel 
While the Sun has hit hat on. I'm developing a Blimmin Cold and Stuck in Bed. Back to some hardcore DVD watching, and another night in 
While watching the French Open, I realized I want to go to the US Open this year, but I can't 'cause I won't be here 
While we're on the topic, Harry Potter stinks.
while you are away my heart comes undone 
Whilst everyone is celebrating the end of exams ... I STILL HAVE ONE ON MONDAY. 
Whilst out revising i obtained sunburn n now im quite sore  x
whilst reversing into the weird double-decker parking spots just now I banged into the railing. It made an awful sound  #geekcamp
Whine, bitch, complain... someone bring me painkillers before I die.      I think my face is broken again and I can't sleep.   
whiplash for breakfast - not a fan 
Whiplash is not being eased by anything....not even the pain killers are knocking me out tonight 
whiskey ... paved road... I don't think the toothferry can fix this    #accidentshappen#
Whiskey coke. Check. Beer. Check. Party? No check. 
whistling while I work...whistling terribly...terribly hard at work... 
WHITE GIRL CAN'T RAP. :/ 
white nikes la cita not a good idea 
White people Arent as rich as they use to be  Haha, but seriously havent got a good tip from them in centuries.
white troos and rain do not go well together 
Whitening my teeth!!  this is going to suck!!
whitewash going on at my place...n the place is all mess....!! eh..! 
Whitsett until Sunday...everybody went out of town and left me by myself 
Who &quot;develops&quot; an allergy to cinnamon!!!!  No more for me  sad sad day
Who are these people beside me?! I don't know, but I need someone interesting to talk at... I'm just bored... 
WHO ARE THOSE? WHO ARE THOSE? &quot;my dress robes.&quot; BUT THEY'RE ALRIGHT 
Who are you? I want my Frans back  I don't want that guy.
who bets i can finish a game of solitare?! cause i CAN, im a professional, but not that solitare will get me anywhere in life! 
Who broke CDS? or is it just me 
Who builds a hotel without air-con? Bloody boiling in here... 
Who can teach me English? my poor English 
Who cares about Shaq! The Celtics are talking about trading Rondo! http://tinyurl.com/narkz4 I like Rondo! humph! 
Who celebrated  D-Day? Let's remember that battle. 
who created suicide? it sucks when you cant help someone you care about  why cant she see how much shes hurting me by doing this?! 
Who do i have 2 talk 2 2 get a job wit TP???? i already called the # and he doesn't do internships 
who does &quot;work&quot; on a warm/rainy June Saturday night?....Me  at least its in my own time and i'll be less stressed to do it during the week
WHO DOES WORK ON THE RAIL TRACKS ON A BANK HOLIDAY?!?! It's a 2hr extended journey to begin with, now we're being &quot;held&quot; &amp; Shout!'s at 3! 
who eats pork with pineapples? my bro does O.O i hate pineaaples 
Who else is bummed that Susan Boyle lost? 
who else thought the da vinci code kinda sucked...
Who even has a Nielsen box? Right-Wing, fox news watching, &quot;perfect&quot; god fearing families from what I can see... not a decent TV audience 
Who even ownes maroon clothes? All mine are blue. 
who gave me a pink present bag? sorry, can't remember 
Who gets a cold in June? Ahhh venturing outside the house for the first time all day 
Who gets to eat first??? Who can tell me the square root of 64? .... *hands go up* &quot;eiiiiiight&quot;. Why aren't I eating yet? 
Who got a pool in STL? I'm comin over. A bitch don't feel like drivin all the way to Raging Rivers. 
Who has female cousins/friends/whoever of age 21 - 25? 
who has potato gems?? i ate all mine 
who has some time to go swimming I but nobodys at home  =(  =(
Who hates waking up with a sore throat... i do 
Who hits you with your brothers shoe when your bestie is overr? Your mom thats who! 
Who honestly expected anything different in Iran?  +1 to #humannature 
who im missing: my choir peeps, newspaper buddies, and besties 
Who invited Mr Hangover? 
who is going to cuddle with me tonight? Jackson, oh how I miss you!!! 
who is kind to borrow a canon 580... 
Who is my follower? There is a sign that telling I have a follower, but I can't check who it is!  It's very scary!!!
Who is really ever wide awake at 3am with no reason?? Me... Yep 
Who is stupid enough to walk into glass and get a cut on their toe? Me 
who keeps saying that 
who knew it was that easy to jump to such a downer 
who knew that going to practice after not swimming for a whole week would be so hard?  
who knew the danceline show could be so emotional.  i &lt;3 rep co!
who knows a good online radio channels !! the one I have sucks, big time, it broadcasts oldies and some blues 
Who knows any good music to download to my iPod? My current music is getting boring 
who knows someone with really AMAZING credit i am in desperate need of a co-signer i got screwed over bad it's sad!!! please have pity 
Who knows the fastest way to cure a swore throat......im so sick 
who leaves the orange juice open and puts in back in the fridge? i shook it and since it was open, im now covered in orange juice...  ugh
Who likes coffee? They complain at the dentist about the stains but they're actually not that bad though. Whinnies  GNR
Who needs an alarn clock when I have daily headaches to wake me up 
Who needs sleep, right? Wrong. I do. 
who ordered the three days of rain while i'm taking care of my kids? i was thinking of them out at parks, not trapped in the house 
Who rec'd How to Knit a Wild Bikini to me? I can't find the original tweet.  Great book, though. Thanks!
Who said 5 million people can' be wrong? ITV ... that's who! Primeval cancelled.  
who said the US gob is not supporting the auto industry? http://is.gd/KT9P That said, that's not a road to anywhere long term... 
who says cAlculus is tougH?algebra is tougHer! 
Who says Indian team isnt consistent .. we lost all 3 games with elan!! 
Who says you can't clean house at midnight. I really wanna sleep but I know if I do it will just cause problems. 
who still has only 43 followers.    {no offense rachel}
who stole elledell@gmail.com?  
Who the feck invented beer!! Never again. Me is thinking my head is gonna pop off! 
Who the fuck was smoking in the ATM? Now the whole branch smells like ciggarettes 
who the hell decided A. going to school 45 min away from hm n B. 8 am classes were good ideas?!? Oh yah! I did. 
who the hell did my schedule this week?  oh, wait...i did.  Just finished 18 hours in the store and back at 9am for 12 more.  
Who told me to buy mini flan from the fridge section at Target for $1.37? My tummy hurts now 
Who tommie 
who took my url ( hsuthar) on facebook  ???
who turned off all the lights? 
Who wants a baby? For the cash... Like cn u disconnect enough to drop a seed and keep it movin? Idk I cnt see me being a sperm donar. 
Who wants a game of squash tonight? Run is off due to weather 
who wants a life of lost adolescense thats filled wtih regrets and antidepressants? 
Who wants taalk wiff me? BORED... 
who wants to be 19? working my last day as an 18 year old 
Who wants to be a prisoner in their own home?  
who wants to come over and eat popcorn with me? im lonelyyyyyyy! 
who wants to give me a job in L.A .. i know someone doess waah 
who wants to go out and get me cruisers? im thirsty, and too gross to go out  stupid cold!
Who wants to make me a Favicon for 1 month free advertising when my site opens? I can't come up with any good ones. 
Who wants to stand in line with me tomorrow for iPhone. Mine was not secured as planned  5th ave in Clinton Hill
who watched transformers???? iwant to 
Who went to see Diane Birch? I really wanted to go but I couldn't  #music4good
Who will be ok to give me 2000â‚¬ ?then I'll be able to go see my Australian crew in Perth during two months, oh god i miss them   If only
Who would go out in this crazy weather?! Oh yeah, me 
Who woulda thought it would be so damn hard to make a bloody table thing? Pffffffffffft 
Who woulda thunk that @glennbeck would use Twitter more than @STU_GBP . Thanks to Stu for making me lose my bet.  
who wrote watership down because they are mentall!! and who decided it was a citifiate u because there mental as well!!! i cried so much  
Whoa - lost track of time. Watched part of one of my favourite movies (Top Gun) over lunch. Time to hit the books again 
whoa dude prom night is scaring me. 
Whoa I didn't know it was Memorial Day weekend! I feel like such a bad American. I miss the USA 
whoa it's been 7 years since i've had lobster! wtf 
whoa my tummy hurts 
WhOA! #BTS WENtt dOWN fAStt' 
whoa! a bad dream again..! 
whoa! got the 3.0 update, just when i knew my phone well enuf 2 wk w/one eye open, its like having a new one again! still no mms w/o pw 
WHOA! I'm home alone AGAIN  This is boooooring sitting here in the dark. WHAAAAA!
whoa! swine flu is spreading  . be careful everybody
Whoa! The Holt is so quiet now. Everybody is leaving 
Whoa! The taxi prices jumped from 1,900 won to 2,400 won for the 1st 2 km and it's 100 won for every148 m after that. Airfare is up too 
Whoa! This is early... Already been woken by the sun  time to fit more sleep in please!
Whoa!! Sounds like funnn.. Which one u goin 2?? I wanna come..  @vividvixen
Whoa, everything hurts 
Whoa, FIVE DEADLY VENOMS retro is screening as part of the NY Asian Film Fest. I can't find any ticket info though... 
@ToddBrink still no better  My parents had to rescue me!!! LOL
@ToddBrunson  bummer about being out  what event is up next for you?
@ToddBrunson that is just mean 
@toddcullen yes, that would be the sound  - where is the new house?
@toddgibbs Poor Todd up at half past midnight 
@toddh3284 T, im sooooo bored right now 
@toddhustins Mozzies, ipod stolen -- what else bad happened?? 
@TODDLAT All I can do is listen to you on MySpace.  I am so frustrated. No CD player, must have download! Ugh.
@Toddly00 lucky, I was up at 7:30am 
@toddmeg14 one day my hugs will come    *fingers still crossed*
@toddmeg14 wow, not long then!! i wish i could say the same!!   did you frame your dm??!!
@toddpellowe July 15-19. 
@toddsmithonline I'm working all morning      Chris might go if it's not too wet. He's not on Twitter yet, so you'll need to text.
@toddzelin  What's wrong with her? She going to be okay?
@toee haha same. completely broke  you can get hoodies and stuff too (y)
@toesha yeah that does deserve a  face
@Toeslaughter I need to talk to you bitch  I feel troubled 
@toffeeboy09 ouch - poor you 
@tofupanny how can I not care?  can't afford to spend too much tho. and too busy.
@Tohreee Hm, i do not approve of that site, Twin. The man has his finger up in the picture. the NAUGHTY finger to put up 
@Tohreee Meh, it's the best subsitutional method you'll find; everyone's CRAP at it 
@Tohuw You know I'd go to bat for an anti-happiness ordinance; unfortunately, that's not what's on the table.  
@toija NOOO  I have like 7 days of school lefft !! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY btw  !! xoxox
@toin9898 Awww.  I'm sorry, yeah, that's exactly what happened to me.
@tojipot Sorry, sorry. I'll be in Tagaytay this weekend, so I can't come. Sadness to the max. 
@tojoha1 lol, well my sis scearmt every time! but we did that run yesterday and her nie hurts still and i wnat 2 scear her and he fell! 
@tokendomski Tell me about it! Gutted though as the exact same thing happened with a Bounty last week. Obvs not meant to eat ice-cream! 
@TokenPiff k txt u bout it later tell u later ese but I'm still hurt how u actd  call u later
@Tokenview baaaaaah! my desire for slapbands is overcome by the fact i'm about 1000 kilometres away 
@TokioHotel4LYF me too....i gots to go shopping tom  i hate dress shopping
@TokioHotel4LYF oh....thats kinda sad 
@tokissthecook can't wait to see you! but i'm so sorry about HC  i think she'll find her way home (she's on a long date)... call me later!
@tokissthecook you are very suspicious of spring, my friend. my status has changed, i am rested and ready for warm but cloudy  day.
@TokiWartooth I'm sorry to hear about your father!  *hugs*
@tokyo__ oh no not your precious hands 
@tokyo_pearl  That's too bad. We are taking I5 straight home.
@tokyoacid they have to be a blueish plaid 
@TokyoDiamond so u flaked on me this weekend lol   Ill be in Philly Monday and I better see you!!!
@tokyodiamonds My poor girl Rhianna.  I just wish she would wise up a bit about men. She's still so young. 
@tokyodiamonds ur gonna grow it out? I just want to color mine 
@tokyohanna ANY excuse to listen to that masterpiece. Sad news, though 
@TokyoPro Yeah, I also wanna do a quick trip to Six Flags before the crowds man! I wanna go before we go to LA. 
@Tollmart Done dusted. Gig was yesterday pm. No gig for 2 weeks now 
@Tolman21 I was asleep until my brother woke me up asking me if I ate the rest of the frosted mini wheats. I can't go back to sleep. 
@tololy Oh, lucky girl! Now I'm craving some 
@Tom__Pollard   I know how you feel dear. Thhink yourself lucky you're not doing RS in the morning, sat in the hall for 5 hours.
@tom_bleaker Cool. History is pretty sweet... too bad we  as a society seem to ignore it a lot. 
@tom_bleaker True, my level of coolness pretty much demands a flying/time traveling clothes washing machine. Functional, but still lame. 
@Tom_El_Rumi yes, but if he's inside &amp; AK is search/tracking PK will b found &amp; disappear.   protection important
@tom_pollard Never. I'm banned by Court Order 
@tom_ra @ahj hey, I was meant to post that about the slightly younger looking version of you but i accidently typed the name in wrong 
@Tom_Siwik When a person follows that many people, the likelihood of them listening or interacting to anything they tweet is very slim... 
@tomagreen Didnt check but my BMI has gone up since last time, and +6lbs 
@tomandmartha lol i did search for lily allen but then i removed her from the peeps i was following and it wont let me follow rpatz 
@tomascol &quot;If our churches catch fire for Christ's sake...&quot; - poor Jesus 
@tomasgomez i miss you too 
@TomAtChemical Rubbish  At least we're having curry for tea, so that should cheer you up!!
@tomatom PS LOVE the crockery at gigibaba! I miss melbourne 
@tomatonoob my haircut doesnt look like the haircut that you wanted me to get 
@tomayz called me a sour apple! i cried on the inside. 
@tombeal I found an even simpler solution was to accidentally delete all my music, solved that problem real quick, added another though 
@TomBeasley I'd like to. 
@TomBeasley It sucks that these people are fine to tweet... but I get banned 
@tombegley ASOT 406, ASOT 2009 &amp; TATW #270 are all amazing! Yea atm the beach is on, won't be the same sans MRB tho 
@TomBobBlender Ahh you mean i can't play faggy generic jRPG's on xbox?   (TomBobBlender live &gt; http://ustre.am/XIg)
@TomboyTigress  you told me you LIKED my marshmallow fish. *runs off crying*
@TomboyTigress lmao @ &quot;drenched backside&quot; aaaaand when i cut their hair the sweat from they nasty heads pops off the clippers and hits me 
@TomboyTigress rut ro *gets nervous*   Hmn I just say &quot;you whore&quot; to people randomly in public 
@tombrazelton future me actually brought sexy back, and jt took all the credit. 
@tombrooks Cheap joke 
@TomCat89er bestie i almost died today.. (*sniffle).. i was at chilis.. &amp;&amp; my chest just like collapsed.. 
@tomchill yeah Im feeling the agony this morning ..  worked it out on google earth and it was 54 miles round trip - kinda disapointing
@TomCook24 explain the hypocaust system 
@tomcunningham it isfor me. I didn't know 
@TomDavenport amazing isn't it?!don't finish making world 3 puzzle before you get the star like I did  hint: the corners!
@tomdelonge eeei! i wish i could go 
@tomeglenn my iphone game ideas are waiting me to code. There's not much leisure time in my life  How long have u been developed on it?
@TomFelton  Hey,Not too well  because i'm ill,so i stay at home today..How are You??? You're the best!-xxx- *
@TomFelton are you at Milton Keynes?! Cos if you were/are darrrrn I wish I knew! I would've loved to have met you 
@TomFelton how do you write such good songs? seriously? i try but they all just sound shit...   â™¥
@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/4jam0 - ohw  but you had fun, right? it's always sad to leave, but if you have beautiful memories, it's  ...
@TomFelton I am suprised you do not have scalp issues after all the dying process. That has to hurt, you have my total sympathy 
@TomFelton I do need a pool now.. its soooo hot here in spain 
@TomFelton I have to work.  Do you play World of Warcraft?
@TomFelton I think your tweeps are slacking off....at one point his lead was down to about 1500, but now it's over 5000 again  
@TomFelton I vote already the whole evening for you. Unfortunately, it is not enough to bring you again on the second place. 
@TomFelton it wasn't that good tonight  I know DCD though .... I won't say what happened!
@TomFelton love the pancake. It looks yummy! Pity you can't email food  I'm ready for a late night snack about now...
@tomfelton oh i want a iphone so bad too! 
@TomFelton omg that sounds amazing! i live all the way in bangkok so I don't get the chance to see shows like these  enjoy!
@TomFelton omg, you have been demoted!  I can't help you because I voted in Tom. xx
@TomFelton oooh whats the audition for ive missed your tweets 
@TomFelton That must be one of the most awesome feelings ever. My Ipod's songs got deleted though. The syncing went horribly wrong. 
@TomFelton The code on that page is crap and so is the server. You wouldn't believe the trouble some people have loading it. 
@TomFelton yeah pretty much everyone is pissed at apple they screwed us over not so much fun 
@tomfriedhof Not so fast...fine print says not supported by US carriers 
@TomGrange I don't know if I like this abuse 
@TomGriffola I think the rumours are well underway already! Who is your wildcard shout? I have an awful feeling Cipriani...  #Lions09
@tomguilmette NP, I have the 200a and I didn't see it on the list, I'm assuming I'll have to upgrade the firmware, that scares me. 
@TomHemingway No probs!    Id promote you guys on my page but i only got about 20followers so wnt be worth it  Good Luck
@tomihawk Eek poor guy  Glad it was nothing more serious!!!! #torchsong
@tomihawk Yeah but better than falling head first into the empty swimming pool!!! Just wanna give him a hug  #torchsong
@TomineeeHarket night nights..you will be just fine, dont worry...oh shoot, i should really sleep too  
@TomIsGeek I have exams as soon as i get back 
@Tomjnewton You have to see this! http://www.dogsizedcat.com/ I miss Vids 
@tomjnichols that's ok...i thought u'd never come around to trailing me  lol. sure did make my day! ;-)
@tomklaasen thats what we told our current one .. the others don't seem to be interrested .. 
@tomlambe keeps crashing, so annoyed. Gunna take it back! 
@tomlambe we cant go to hyde park we're not in london  x
@tomlazar: remove the possibility to vote anonymously and e-voting wil work, but some other critical problems may rise 
@tomlee80 - you have a diagram? the link isn't working  What is it a drawing off? xx
@tomlenk I see Spongebob everyday when I walk from work to H&amp;H red line station. He scares the CRAP out of me. I don't ever go near him 
@tomlenk You can still find the soy based in America, they are just really pushing the coconut milk stuff right now. 
@tomlozethwaite  not kewl how many people aboard?
@tomlozethwaite LOL yeah most probably a mosquito bite or pollen i hate hayfever 
@Tommayyy  whats wrong?
@tommcfly      We'll make you win tom.!      Wow this feels weird i dont know what to say and i may have wasted your time   But anyway(:
@tommcfly  :O poor harry i hope  hes okay   international fans  do my head in sorry  but  its  tru...have a blast  2nyt  xxx
@tommcfly  ah get well soon! tweet the pain away haha
@tommcfly  and you only respond to ddlovato that is not your fan 
@tommcfly  are you guys ever going to come to america?! i'm gonna cry if you don't come here soon! :/ please come here..?
@tommcfly - Argh...I can't comment your previous post....what's happening?! I wanted to laugh at the &quot;hide behind Dougie&quot; one! 
@tommcfly  aww tomm      guys dont be sad , i hate that they still love you xxxx and so do we, not your fault &lt;3333
@tommcfly  don't go too international! the english will miss you 
@tommcfly  Fine Fine dont reply bad man 
@tommcfly  Good Luck in Argentina, i wish i could be there 
@tommcfly  great,, ignore people who loves you !!! 
@tommcfly  I feel for you, man. when do you head out to South America? I hope you're well by then!
@tommcfly  I really need to know if it's true you are coming back to Brazil in October. I'm a little bit confused with all these rumors. 
@tommcfly  I'm sad just to think that in a few days you'll be so far away to me again  and i know you'll never answer me.
@tommcfly  im so upset   cheer  me up a  bit  my  friend   broke  something of mine 
@tommcfly - last night I'd have a dream about you. you was mad 
@tommcfly  thats not available in the uk
@tommcfly - The Master System!! Alex Kid built in baby!! Built in!! No-one builds stuff in anymore!! 
@tommcfly  well i cant watch britain's got talent..cos im in mexico  haha but i dont cry with america's got talent..and im a girl!!   ha
@tommcfly  you are not there for what I'm talking, I should really be invisible in your life 
@tommcfly #mcflytoisrael .x so many israel fans trying to say it for you. and you dont listen to us. but why ? 
@tommcfly , Why u never answer me ?   - Have you ever eaten pÃ£o de queijo?
@tommcfly ..  nope,, the joys of being stuck at work in an office.. bad times
@tommcfly ...and I couldnt give it to him yesterday  You guys should stay in Rio more than 24hours, pleasee! Love ya.
@tommcfly :O starbucks! never tehe oooh now i want one 
@tommcfly @dougiemcfly @dannymcfly @mcflyharry THE PHILIPPINES NEEDS YOU! PLEASE COME HERE  #mcflyinmanila #mcflyinmanila #mcflyinmanila
@tommcfly @gfalcone601 TOOOOOOOM *---------* I luv u and Gio s2s2s2 please Giovanna in Brasil in 29may  xx HAPPY POYNTER'SDAY &amp; HOPPUSDAY
@tommcfly A long time ago in a galaxy far far away...Tom used to reply me... but i guess he doesn't like me anymore 
@tommcfly aa how long do we have to wait 
@tommcfly AHH! TOM FLETCHER.    GRR.  YOU SHOULD'VE DONE THE 'LOOK ME IN THE EYES'TOUR WITH THEM!
@tommcfly Ahhh, I tried. But it didn't work..  I'm knackered... but I'm seeing you guys on Tuesday, so I'm HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY  xxx
@tommcfly all be over? the whole tour! wow thats sad... 
@tommcfly And brazilian fans? 
@tommcfly and I want you say a Hello to me 
@tommcfly apparently he might be canceling all shows due to his skin cancer 
@tommcfly Are you as amazing of a hugger as I dream you are? I drempt that I got to meet you last night. Was sad when I woke up 
@tommcfly are you coming to play at Plymouth again this year cus i cant go to the ucap tour cus you arent coming anywhere near me  oxo
@tommcfly Are you guys doing t4 on the beach this year? Yes or No? If you say no i may cry!! 
@tommcfly Are you leaving Brazil?!    
@tommcfly Awe, im sorry you broke your toe. IT BITES!  I love your music.
@tommcfly aww bless  haha your cute Tom
@tommcfly aww we thru maltesers on stage at westonbirt but som1 thru them 2 the corner of the stage 
@tommcfly aww whats wrong with him, im sick too  good luck tonight have fun! X
@tommcfly awww ive been trying to get you  played on the radio and they  not playing u 
@tommcfly awww that video you posted a link to earlier says its not available in england  what was it of? brazil sounds ace btw 
@tommcfly awww thats sweet! I wish i was woken up with soothers + a lempsip this morning  my throat hurts! Xxx
@tommcfly awwwh :') congrates to her (:, and yeaah its weird but its miracles, you wouldnt be here otherwise and then no hero fro us then 
@tommcfly awwwh, they are mean not giving the hoodies you want  x
@tommcfly awwwwwn tom... you're killing me like that, right? it not fair. 
@tommcfly Awwwwwwww poor Tom, your lucky your even there, i'm stuck in shitty belfast with no beautiful beaches 
@tommcfly back to manaus 
@tommcfly bonjour tom   now  i think you should tweet back cuz if you do i get to see you on the 26th of june if you dont i dont  sotwet
@tommcfly Brazil already miss you 
@tommcfly Brazil... you said that 
@tommcfly bummer 
@tommcfly Can I just clarify that the last comment I sent, about Spanish Orals, means Spanish speaking exam. I got teased for saying it 
@tommcfly can you wish happy birthday @milaitsme ? PLEASE, stop reply to demi and wish happy birthday to her 
@tommcfly come back to brazil haha 
@tommcfly Did you recieve a lettler w/ 30 meters that security had delivered in the dressing-room in SÃ£o Paulo? Reply 
@tommcfly did you see the german flag in the crowd at amsterdam? pleeease come to germany anytime soon, PLEASE 
@tommcfly do you come home june 20th? we miss you very badly here in the uk  and and and; CAN'T WAIT FOR JUNE 20TH!  xx
@tommcfly do you get hayfever? it is poop   
@tommcfly do you like heroes? that's cool! tom, reply me, i'm going crazy sending u so many twites! haha, come back to rio, wanna meet u 
@tommcfly Don't worry looked it up!  For a long word that's quite sad! 
@tommcfly dude i kinda don't think your alive since you don't say anything back to me 
@tommcfly Dude, why you do a meet &amp; Greet in argentina and not do here, in Brazil? Man, we do everything to see you 
@tommcfly DUDE, you don't look up in Porto Alegre show. i was thete. danny look, Dougie look. you did't look. i'm sad with you. 
@tommcfly fans always understand  we love u â™¥
@tommcfly feel better soon sweetheart  go back to sleep!!
@tommcfly flying smarties  did the people infront of me not think to throw a flump/marshmellows?! haha EPIC SHOW THOMAS!! xox
@tommcfly GAH!  DON'T DO THAT TO US..!  THAT'S NOT NICE.  
@tommcfly get back to sleep...sleeping beauty  do u want some hot tea?
@tommcfly get tommy to email us back!! he said he'd write to us again and he hasnt  xxx
@tommcfly Go on, please say hi to me. I've done my knee in while dancing the macarena! I'm an invalid at the mo  Pretty please Mr Song God
@tommcfly Good morning Tom! Why can't I send you a message? This is too short for the question I have  Well to bad for me I guess..
@tommcfly Goodbye  hope you come back soon. thank you for every moment! #brazillovesmcfly &lt;3
@tommcfly goodbye tom, we will miss you  COME BACK SOON! 
@tommcfly gutted couldnt come to your shows in scotland this year, my brothers wedding was the same day!  next year though! ;)
@tommcfly hahah , have a great show tonight, i know you will tho hope to see you soon 
@tommcfly hahaha aww poor gi! take me take me! i want to gooooooooooooooo! 
@tommcfly hahaha But i still think that brazilian fans do it better. 
@tommcfly Hallo Tooom!we realy miss you here...    love ya
@tommcfly has mj postponed all his dates  id love to see him!&lt;3 x
@tommcfly Has your iPod ever frozen up on you in the middle of a song? Mine has and I was listening to you and it made sad.  Xxx
@tommcfly have a great gig tonight.. you and the other guys, of course. already missing mcfly in Brazil 
@tommcfly have fun tom, i need to buy eclipse too but i have no money. sad timess 
@tommcfly hehe have a nice day in Amazon...we want Giovanna in Sï¿½o Paulo 28/05 
@tommcfly HELP I CANT SLEEP!Not even listening to all the &quot;silent&quot; songs from McFly &amp; busted help  I tried to sleep for 4 hours =[
@tommcfly HELP! I have woke up to having Uvulitis 
@tommcfly here (in Rio) you don't forgot any word ... I guess, haha. you are leaving? when u come back again? 
@tommcfly Here in Brazil today is veeeery cold  You went away and the sun went with ya. haha
Watched the Hills season finale  No more Luaren. MTV music awards 
watched the Jon  Kate Plus 8 season premiere...I hope they dont get divorced! 
watched the Lakers tonight and Kobe but they lost so i'm  but can't wait to see Terminator Salvation
watched the last episode of the game! i wish it wasnt canceled tho 
watched the last epsidode of the hills season five...sad  won't be the same without LC.
Watched the new moon trailer. I wish it was good  Why is kristen stewart so damn annoying?
Watched the saddest movie ever tonight.  Going to bed now. Up at 4:30 for work...
watched Transformers and thought it was horrible  - http://tweet.sg
Watched Twilight for the 100th time...once again giving me unrealistic expectations. lol. 
Watched Twilight w/ friend who claimed it was great. She must watch bad movies if she thinks that. ATROCIOUS is the best word 4 Twilight! 
Watched Twilight with my family! They actually liked it! It made be happy. I got burnt on the boat today 
Watched Twilight with Rifftrax. I should get some sort of award. Even with color commentary it's tough to sit through 
Watched yesterday's SNL. Imagine being 8yrs old &amp; getting a Christmas stocking full of fruit &amp; nuts. So deceived! What a letdown! 
watched#3407 animation.  17 seconds of horror is too much. Wishmy end to be as quick as possible.  Very sad for these families today.
Watched'10 things I hate about you'and 2 / 3 of'brokeback mountain '.
watchen the FRESH PRINCE OF BEL-AIR...still missen da hubby.. 
Watchin &quot; the eye&quot; lata hope it's nt  to scary  LOL
Watchin &quot;americas sweethearts&quot; My stomach is twisting into knots.... 
watchin &quot;Steel Magnolias&quot; Julia Roberts died in the movie 
watchin &quot;the holiday&quot;. if only movies like this happened in real life! 
Watchin 4th and Long makes me miss playing powderpuff football. A LOT 
Watchin 8 mile by myself cuz my movie buddy could never come over  &lt;{CDOUBLEP}&gt;
watchin a scary movie....  ...not fun at all...lol...mayby i should find somethin else to do....yup yup...
Watchin a video of JB  i miss u guys!!!!! @Jonasbrothers
watchin Anne of Green Gables #4 THE NEW BEGINNING that I just got 4 my good-report-card-present. it isn't the same Anne as the first 3 
Watchin Big Bro live. My tooth hurts again. 
watchin big brother ''/ i feeel sorry for that pretty irish girl  shes being harrased !...... CARNT WAIT FOR TOMORROW(:
Watchin Big Brother.. this series seems pretty boring 
watchin Blow and tannin the rest of this stuff myself, seems like im the only party animal alive, i love Blow and miss @_mel_bell 
Watchin' Cavs &amp; Magic... Sheww, Not Lookin' Like LeBron Is Gonna Be In The Finals 
Watchin CSI, getting ready for work, drive to commerce for a 4 hour shift, see johnny for a sec, come home and clean  blah
Watchin daddy day care!!! Yay haha im so bored 
Watchin dvds at home alone 
Watchin 'full house.' I love this show.Makes me miss the 90s tho.My bro n me used to watch it together all the time, now I barely see him 
Watchin get smart on HBO all by myself 
Watchin ghost whisperer!!! Can't bliv he's dead!!! 
Watchin gud ol QI lol goin bed now up early in the morrow 
watchin highlight of pacman v hatton shame hatton destroyed 
Watchin 'how to lose a man in 10 days' wiv mum  lol
Watchin Intervention....dont no why just brings back memories I dont want 2 remember 
Watchin Iran Elections with Horror, Good look too all the protestors today!! Keep Safe!!! and Sky's Tim Marshall keep safe too!! 
watchin Jay's last show   #jayleno
watchin jon &amp; kate plus 8  its sad what they r doin 2 these kids
Watchin le movie, i miss her 
watchin lions get humped 
watchin movies and relaxin at kristinas townhouse.. tired 
Watchin my lil sis play while my parents shop  not cool
watchin New Moon trailer. Then after this, will be eating late lunch..it was unfortunate i woke up early today 
watchin' news... so sad the ppl in my country do not care about that proplem in puno... ppl are dying 
Watchin past episodes of the hills ..gosh I'm gonna miss this show ..next season is to long from now 
Watchin' Pearl Jam rockin' out on the Late Show. Just wished they'd play an older song, I could rock out to. 
Watchin philadelphia its gonna make me cry 
Watchin radio:active and some girl was cryin at my song  x
Watchin Shrek With Toothache 
Watchin So U Think U Can Dance n I dnt plan on voting lol. Im also kindda disapointed cause he's not coming. 
Watchin so you think you can dance 
Watchin some family guy... Killing time before I go to work at 6. 
Watchin some lame film 
watchin some of the yanks, then work 
Watchin SpongeBob  She has me watchin SpongeBob! OmG can somebody txt me or somethin? LoL
watchin television &amp; thinkin about different things haha Good Night.. Ashley Tisdale is in Germany but in Berlin 
watchin telly cuz a crnt sleep 
watchin the adult movie awards. akward. gettin ready for bed. saw a dog get hit today  i pulled him out the highway
watchin the denise richards show on e at nursing home with grandma ... the new roomate is sniffling eeks! 
watchin the footy on Bbc three where italy are now leading 
Watchin the footy replay with dad. Port betta win. Work was boring. Have 2 do homework all day 2morra. Nooooo 
Watchin The Game. . . Gotta read for my class 
Watchin the green mile..one of my favorite emotional movies 
Watchin The Holiday - Yay its one of my favourites 
WATCHIN THE MOVIE &quot;FAME&quot; FROM THE 1980s. Tho I was born 1990. gotta love dem 80s movies! movies of today cant compare 
watchin the news it's always sum1 gettin killed on there it's jus sad lemme turn this shit off man 
watchin the news... just heard RPattz got hit by a taxi in NY... Hope he's okay 
watchin the players club-mini hangover  i got a headachee..GOOODMORNING!
watchin the rays play  
Watchin the season finale of the Hills...saying goodbye to my good friend Lauren 
watchin the wings game. NOT looking forward to work tomorrow  weekends always seem WAY too short. why only 2 DAYS ? ? ?
watchin thirteen ghosts...but my head is turned cuz its at the scary part!!  i hate watchin scary movies alone 
watchin this mornin  thts how sad me life has become
watchin titanic . damn movie always make me tear up 
Watchin TV getting ready for another busy work day 
Watchin' TV instead of work 
watchin tv n doin my math homework  then desperate housewives wit my momma. &lt;3
Watchin tv w Dad- last night home  but very excited for the bean tomorrow!
Watchin TV. nothin good is ever on these days 
watchin' tv.. Can't sleep  .. DEF. needs to get out today...
watching  VH1's 40 hottie of the 90s ...sad 
watching #dmb concert live on Hulu. kinda sad. no Leroi. 
Watching #pmqs. Yep, it's a schoolyard taunting fest. 
watching #TechAviv webcast, show-casing cool Israeli startup http://bit.ly/H5smf   Oh, transmission just broke 
watching &quot;about schmidt&quot;... very sad movie 
Watching &quot;American Dad&quot; on Hulu then going to sleep for another long day of school. 
Watching &quot;Defiance&quot; with the husband.  So heavy and making me so sad 
Watching &quot;Eat Bulaga&quot; off the PVR now. Kawawa naman si Toni Rose (Gayda), nabuhusan sa Pinoy Henyo. 
Watching &quot;FRIENDS&quot; after a day on Carolina Beach w/ my mom. She goes back home tomorrow morning...so sad. 
Watching &quot;I'm a celebrity get me out of here&quot; with my parents. Not the same without speidi 
watching &quot;Im a celebrity, get me out of here!&quot;   sorry, but speidi is just annoying me to death! 
watching &quot;in good company&quot; kinda funny i guess... feel sorry for the boss guy. lonely as 
Watching &quot;Intervention&quot;, sad stories.  I will never use drugs, drugs are like a life-taking disease.
watching &quot;Last Holiday&quot;.  And feeling a bit of pain in the stomach. 
Watching &quot;Murder, Inc.&quot;  hate when I can identify the male leads but not the female leads 
watching &quot;Nature's most amazing events&quot;. It truly is amazing and kinda sad to watch 
watching &quot;Never Back Down&quot; with my bro.  I wanna go out by its getting late plus I have no ride  poor me
Watching &quot;Paris's New BFF&quot; and then going to bed. Church in the morning and then tug-boatin' with Chan &amp; Michele ..I miss my babe  SO SAD!
Watching &quot;School Daze&quot; and line editing then going to Kyle's baby shower (I owe you a gift buddy  no time to mall it)
watching &quot;Shrooms&quot;. Seems stupid 
Watching &quot;Taken&quot; with mom n dad..wish my sissy was here 
Watching &quot;Taken&quot; wow this is horrible,like what's being done 
Watching &quot;The Crucible&quot; omg Winona... why are you so evil? 
watching &quot;The curious case of Benjamin Button&quot; now. I'm so excited to see this movie... missed to watch it in cinema 
watching &quot;The Hills&quot; Marathon on MTV .. Can't wait for the finale, and then the MTV Movie Awards!  Too many things to watch  Go Detroit!
Watching &quot;The Real Housewives of Orange Country&quot; with @minigiraffe and her sister. Ugh, not that gangster. 
Watching &quot;Walk the line.&quot;  Its a really good movie but I feel really bad for Cash's daughters from his first marriage. 
Watching &quot;Worlds Stictest Parents&quot; with my mom. They always have cute boys on this show! But they be bad 
Watching &quot;You can't handle the truth!!!&quot; LOL  I need motivation....Still studying for law finals 
watching .. still kinda bored 
WAtching @chelsealately waiting for Jon &amp; Kate : Separate Lives.... I'm getting sad already 
watching @jonasbrothers videos from dallas last night. i wish i was there 
watching @officialBB, i didn't want cairon to be evicted  i actually like him
Watching [V] using the laptop i'm fair bored, there was lady gaga on both v's before  i had to listen to max &amp; country :S haha
Watching 10 years younger in 10 days. With a swollen mouth; wisdom tooth extraction. Can't eat solids or open mouth. Soup and water 
Watching 1408 before going into work. Someone ate my leftover omelet and I had to make a new breakfast 
Watching 1971 edition if Old Grey Whistle Test. Fanny, Mamas and the Papas &amp; Isaac Hayes. Don't make shows like this anymore 
Watching 20/20. Sad story 
Watching 220..wishing I was there. Clicking heels didn't work 
Watching 30 days of night, missing my good friend Amanda 
Watching 7 Pounds... Too sad 
Watching 8 out of 10 cats and putting my numbers onto my new sim. this'll take forever 
Watching 90210 replays. Now I miss 90210 all over again! 2 and a half more months 
watching a boring police prog after making a fab pasta dinner, trying to cut down on alcohol so only had water 
Watching A classic fight  Mike Tyson and Buster Douglas 
watching a documentary special on Minnie Riperton...  what a tragic story to such a gifted &amp; talented artist  
watching a GREAT movie, but I don't know whats its name 
watching a horrible story about the guy who sells puppies from his car.. treats them so badly its disgusting.  
Watching a mother duck and baby ducklings mourn the loss of their dead brother in my backyard is quite sad 
Watching a movie all by my lonesome  I miss my baby, but soon  he will be headed home.
watching a movie alone...I miss my honey 
watching a movie and feeling sick. poo.   
Watching a Movie at home.  Wondering what Megs in doing.  I miss her.  lol. Where are ya Megsie?
Watching a movie I already seen with my brother. Good movie but he's NOT paying attention! Grr. Miss my husband! 
Watching a movie on TV that's set in Edinburgh and it's making me really homesick   Winters and all, I do miss it.
Watching a movie with my man! Trying to get over my flu! 
watching a movie, and missing her best friendd thats in north carolinaa 
watching a movie, ate a dang good enchilada. Dentist tomorrow 
Watching a movie.. Doesnt want to unpack just wish i could go back to columbus...miss my friends 
Watching A Perfect Storm... it's at the part where he goes overboard--I HATE this part 
Watching a random 2 and a half men  episode during my break. nothing better to do 
watching a rihanna concert... alone 
Watching a scary movie 
Watching a segment on SportsCenter about &quot;Big Baby&quot; the beginning kinda made me sad  makes me wanna cheer on the Celtics just because :-/
Watching a super depressing Scrubs.  This is where a cuddle buddy would be nice, kthanxbai.
Watching a terrible movie 
Watching a video of Now I'm Nothing in HD and feeling like crying because I doubt I'll see it live. 
Watching a walk to remember they haven't met but when they do ill cry at the end!  Haha
Watching A&amp;E version of pride and prejudice. It's probably going to take me that long to clean 
Watching Across the Universe. For the third time. I miss you. 
Watching afv! Funniest show EVER! Working on essays to0, my back hurts 
watching all my johnny cash live dvd's he looked just like my grandpa. i miss them both 
Watching all star trek films today before I go see the new one tommorow how sad am I prob the lowest point of my life right now lol  !!!!
Watching all the news about the AirFrance 447 almost impossible to find out what really happened 
watching all these youtube videos of widescreen monitors makes me want to get one badly 
watching almost famous with the famous mouse/snake feeding times...it makes me miss my americans 
Watching Almost Famous... alone. 
watching Amazing Race replay...(sad episode) 
watching amelie and suffering from a migraine.  sometimes i wonder if god hates me.  
watching american idol in tears 
watching American idol marathon right now. watch the night that Matt was out made me cry  So sad  I miss him a lots!
watching American Idol with my mom...upset that i didnt get to see the baby elephant when i went to the zoo today 
watching American pie waiting 4 Lewis 2 say ok its bedtime turn the TV off 
watching america's got talent, and my wisdom tooth is coming it hurts so much! 
Watching an Air Crash Investigation on the Lockabie tragedy. So, so sad. 
watching an old one tree hill, nathan used to be such a meanie 
Watching Anarbor...can't hardly see 
Watching Anderson Cooper..lol Bored and tired 
watching Angel, again, as per usual. Ahh the joys of Whedon. Now I feel like Firefly...need sleep though 
Watching anime with heather. Woot 
watching another movie all by my lonesome little self  
watching aquamarine whilst all ly friends are at summertime ball 
Watching Arrested Development, folding laundry, and packing.  Huzzah.  Wanna go shopping. 
Watching Atonement on HBO. It's so sad.  Keira Knightly is stunning.
Watching Atonement. Tempted to cut it off so I don't have to watch the end 
watching Avril vids on youtube. miss when she used to be good and she reminds me of america so much 
Watching basketball with my mom is no fun at all; she's murdering the fun for me. 
Watching Batman Forever &lt;3 Chris ODonnel &lt;3 Poor Midway state... they got rained out  damn lost my u button
watching BB, cairon got evicted  badd times (n)
Watching bernie muthaf*ckin mac I miss uncle Mac!!! 
Watching best bits of the late show dvds, I miss the 90's and good australian comedy 
watching Beverly hills 90210 and dreading work tomorrow.. i really gate fighting with my work friends 
watching BGT again from the beginning, cos I missed the first half earlier 
watching BGT DIVERSITY TO WIN all the way susan boyle isnt that amazing anymore, soz susan  Go Diversity XD
watching bgt tonight instead of going out is probably the safer thing to do 
Watching Big Brother , since i missed it last night ... bye bye cairun 
Watching Biggest Loser and Fringe tonight! Yay for DVR! Tomorrow is Study time for finals  meh
watching bill maher since I missed it yesterday due to power outage. But it's on HBO2 = No HD 
Watching birds fly into windows. Awesome sound! 
watching Black balloon 
Watching Blink... poor Billy 
Watching Bones realizing how much I miss angel  I heart you david boreanaz
watching boxing - wanna see a knock out! I've never seen one so far 
Watching Bre J run around. I swear I miss da A 
watching britains got tallent  ha today was fun im burnt though 
Watching britans top model, i'm ill though so not feeling that good. 
watching Brothers &amp; Sisters!! Can't believe is the season finale 
watching Bullet in a Bible. I wish there was someone here I could watch this with. I'm all alone 
watching camp rock with darren. great i think darren's taking a dump 
Watching cartoons with Floyd. Want to bake something but no flour 
watching Casino Royale on a 20&quot; television 
Watching Castle on iTunes. Only 2 episodes left  @NathanFillion I love you in this series!
watching Cats and Dogs. Hungry 
Watching CBS Sunday Morning talking about Tim Horton Donuts. Never had one and now I MUST HAVE ONE..but they are in Canada!!! 
watching celeb apprentice. Melissa gets fired 
watching Changeling and its so sad 
watching Channel V Pattaya music festival special commercial GUESS WHAT I DIDN'T GET TO GO I WAS SO CLOSE YET SO FAR 
Watching Charmed and cleaning house 
watching charmed makes me so badly want the power to heal pple! i wish i cud bring back pple an save them! thats y its called tv 
Watching charmed, and trying to do coursework.  .
Watching Cheetas Girls, lol.. So Tired, An Drowsy But I Need To stay upp 
watching chelsea lately and about to go to sleep 
Watching chelsey lately sucks when your sick because you cant laugh!! 
watching chicago. @bambamonline honeyyyy im with you I miss me some hey arnold! and wild thornberrys 
Watching Child Mummy Sacrifice. I missed some of it though 
watching Chinese GP...only on TV 
Watching click....this movie makes me cry everytime 
Watching cnn - GM declaring bankruptcy  so sad and depressing
Watching CNN Live with Rosemary Church, Octavia Nasr.. RIP Neda 
Watching Coach Carter, lots of work to do tomorrow 
watching Coffee Soup Soundtrack makes me miss my boys 
Watching college softball! Hoping bama goes all the way! Sad about season finale of the hills tonight 
Watching competitive cheerleading on TV. I miss cheerleading season 
Watching Conan and reading before bed.  Working the next three days 
Watching Conan. I miss Joel. 
watching csi Miami, luv crime night! So much sch work undone..... imagine copying out 2 whole textbooks in 4 days 
Watching CSI Miami, was going pub quiz then realised I was skint 
Watching CSI:Miami since I'm poor to enjoy life right now. 
Watching Cupid TV again. I might troll the chat thing pretending to be either Richard Blackwood or Dean Gaffney. It's 50p a text tho 
Watching Dane on Comedy Central, good times, taking care of Ashley, she's on sick mode 
Watching Dark Angel now. Last disc of CI ended  Waiting for the next season now.
Watching Dateline...closest ill get to the concert 
Watching David Cook on VH1...where is DCO??? 
Watching dawsons creek and i cant find my ipod! 
Watching 'Dazed and Confused' .. its still raining out..  About 5 more hours to see Sloan 
Watching DBSK'S latest MV its so sad 
Watching dc3 clips on youtube....ugh miss em 
watching death factory with jessy. I'm terrified! 
Watching Death Note! L died last week  Enter: Near and Mello! Matsuda is funny XD
watching Decode video makes me really want to watch Twilight. dont have it here though 
Watching degrassi at school. We were supposed to watch windtalkers but plans changed 
watching degrassi really makes me miss my canadian family! and tim hortons........ 
watching Denise Richard's show in Vegas only makes me want to move up my date of my trip there! 
Watching Desperate Housewives and feeling like im seasick 
watching desperate housewives until time for work  then studying economics all night long, yuckkk!
Watching Dew Tour. Chaz didnt win, either did ryan shecklar  ill cu in orlando when Dew Tour finals come!
Watching diners drive ins and dives... Now i am starving 
Watching Dr. Phil &quot;body obsessed boys&quot; its sad 
Watching Dr. Phil's special on same-sex marriage. It's sad how ignorant some people are 
Watching Drake goonz and frankie swim  i can't because my tattoo 
Watching DVR'd soaps with Gma for she is still all fucked up from her fall 
Watching DVRed Unwrapped and wishing I had stopped at Azalea for a funnel cake 
watching e news with mom still feeling really sick to my stomch 
Watching E.T.  First time I have watched the whole movie...Don't hate me 
watching E3 on G4; hell yeah!  cept now I have to work a bit 
watching e3 then going to work 
watching e3!! getting pretty excited about games i probably wont ever play! 
Watching Early Edition. Bored 
watching Eden of the East Episode 8 in my garage, no signal to the net there 
Watching Edward Scissorhands    *tears stream down face* its so sad!!
Watching Eli Stone via TiVo. It's been canceled.  gr8 show, gr8 writers... O well &lt;sigh&gt;
Watching Ellen Love her!! then doing the dishes  and tanning ...it's gorgeous out!
Watching England with hubby before he goes to work 
Watching Enough on TNT. I miss jackson 
@tommcfly hey tom  reply me, please? i think my hand will fall 
@tommcfly hey tom  say hi to me, please please please please please, my hand will fall haha and my mom will kill me
@tommcfly hey tom  say hi to me, please please please, my hand will fall haha and my mom will kill me
@tommcfly hey tom  say hi to me, please please please, my hand will fall haha and my mom will kill me..
@tommcfly hey tom, did you see that tim burton are making Alice in wonderland? amazing huh? reply me 
@tommcfly hey tom, glad to hear you are having fun. i found out some bad news today..my sisters puppy died  xo
@tommcfly hey tom, hope you guys have a great tour, i live in australia so i cant go  
@tommcfly hey tom, we women are not aliens 
@tommcfly Hey tommy! Please come back to argentina 
@tommcfly hey x do u have any vasaline i could borrow cos my nose is sore cos ive got a cold  would respect it if u have sum i could use!
@tommcfly Hey! I've been waiting ouside the hotel for... like 2 hours and you didn't come out  But, really, I didn't know where...
@tommcfly hey! you just reply who send you a million tweets or who is &quot;mean&quot;? it's not fair ... 
@tommcfly Hey, get well soon!! Ive got a sore throat as well  lyl xx
@tommcfly Hi Tom! How are you? - please tweet back. just to make my day.. 
@tommcfly hi tom! I miss when you spoke Portuguese in google translate! I love you so much man! Please, answer me! I need you man!  xx
@tommcfly hi tom!! why do you say hi if you don't read your messages? 
@tommcfly Hi Tom, hi to me . Tom never answered me 
@tommcfly hi toom! why do you say hi if you don't read your messages? 
@tommcfly hi toom!! why do you say hi if you don't read your messages? 
@tommcfly hi toom!! why do you say hi if you don't read your messages?? 
@tommcfly Hi, Norway has winning Eurovision. I hope that United KIngdom has winning, but they don't  have a nice day ;) &lt;3 McFly
@tommcfly hi, today my sister and couse &lt;or&amp;roni&gt; have birthday and they are huge mcfly fans, can you plz tell them happy birthday? xX 
@tommcfly hii tooom! why do you say hi if you don't read your messages? 
@tommcfly hiii tooom! why do you say hi if you don't read your messages? 
@tommcfly hiiii toom!!! why do you say hi if you don't read your messages? 
@tommcfly hope you are all okay.. and get well wishes to doug! :O can he not play tonite ?  &lt;3 xoxox
@tommcfly How about playing it in NY to your American Fans...  When is out day going to come!? 
@tommcfly how are babies made tom? my mum won't tell me 
@tommcfly how do you write such good songs? i've tried writing songs and i dont get anywhere or they just sound awful  haha xx
@tommcfly how looooooovely are you!  i knew the ppl would love to see you playing
@tommcfly http://bit.ly/VwV6H  tom you are no longer in first place!!  haw sad..
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3l9e5 - my sunglasses were EXACTLY like yours, but my mother broke it. 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/64l1e - wow thats actually amazing ... why don't my doodles ever look this good  haha
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/6sicb - allready missing u in Argentina 
@tommcfly http://www.twitpic.com/4fu98 last year's gig, remember? so bad you couldn't get it on stage this year 
@tommcfly http://yfrog.com/75ooobuvj Aw doug *.* so cute! NO say goodbye 
@tommcfly i am  getting a headache   !!!  life is not good (buah) *cry*
@tommcfly I am already missing you! really 
@tommcfly I am going to miss Fletcher then 
@tommcfly I bought a ticket to see your concert tomorrow and I guees I will not see  You don't have any idea how sad I am.
@tommcfly i cant , its way to far  if i had the train money i would goo all the way from caterham xxx
@tommcfly I can't believe it's over  Tom, thank you so much for everything! The two best weeks ever! Hope to see you soon. Love you xx
@tommcfly i can't believe that i saw you, that i heard your voice yet. Brazil isn't the same when you guys are here, please don't go 
@tommcfly I cant get the link to work  xxx
@tommcfly I don't know what to write anymore! My mind must be tired. It's past midnight here already. Do a tour in the Philippines? 
@tommcfly I don't think @gfalcone601 will be happy about that! haha. I reeally want to here the album  any idea when itl be out? xxx
@tommcfly I felt the same after I finished them aswell  you should try Reading his dark materials by Philip Pullman. Best books EVER
@tommcfly i hate feeling like this 
@tommcfly i hate jumping on the spikey things 
@tommcfly I hate my life Tom! why you only respond Demi Lovato? Is unfair! I'm your fan too! I only wanted that you answer me, just it! 
@tommcfly i have 3 favs in just 1 photoshoot. you're so gorgeous, i can't choice just one  www.tr.im/tmf1 www.tr.im/tmf2 www.tr.im/tmf3 â™¥
@tommcfly I have never played in Megadrive  here is not used in chile u.u
@tommcfly I have the biggest craving for crunchy nut thanks to you. 
@tommcfly i hope the mcfly in belo horizonte-mg/brazil next year, our next month 
@tommcfly I know how you feel I was a loner yesterday because my 3 best friends have left me! 
@tommcfly I know that you're promoting the new album but if you play just one music will be a dream for all brazilian fans  ....
@tommcfly i know what u mean! Being sick sucks!  im sick nw 2
@tommcfly I looooooooooooooooove you! we'll miss you 
@tommcfly I LOVE MCFLYY &lt;3 when are you next touring the UK i missed you last time 
@tommcfly i love u to bits so therefor u officially get my 900 tweet. most of them ive sent to u tho. but u never answer me  loveyou! Xxx
@tommcfly I love you 
@tommcfly i love you ...  x
@tommcfly i love you so much, sorry 
@tommcfly i love you tom, please, reply?  you'll make my whole year
@tommcfly I miss you  I miss ur smile  Come to argentina again 
@tommcfly i miss you  i need another tour like NOW. shame i can't go to iow festival or anything else...meh, i'll just watch the dvd (: xx
@tommcfly i missed falling in love on radio 1 &gt; and i haven't yet seen it on the music channels  cannot wait to hear it live in June! 
@tommcfly I must be invisible, because you never answer me :/ sorry, but this leaves me quite sad. 
@tommcfly i need a massage too 
@tommcfly I never watched star wars 
@tommcfly I prefer the other one!hauahahaua Now you've got nothing 
@tommcfly I really miss you and the guys 
@tommcfly I really really really love McFly. I hope someday you'll come here in Manila. We love you here, swear. Mind replying? 
@tommcfly i really wanted to get a t shirt or a hoodie but there was a huge crowd in hammersmith  is there anywhere i can get any? xx
@tommcfly i saw that last night!! than belly dancer man was so funny lol! i'm losing followers 
@tommcfly I still think that brazilian's fans are better. we are alredy missing you 
@tommcfly I think it's because he's ill though... 
@tommcfly I think the wall hates you. I keep voting for you but the number doesn't increase at all 
@tommcfly I think you should say HI ISABELLA! You twetted a lot of brazilians fans today, but not me 
@tommcfly i thought that brazilian fans were the wildest 
@tommcfly I tried to vote for you.  HAH. Don't worry, @gfalcone601 's second too. LOL.
@tommcfly i wanna have a bbq  not good weather tho. 
@tommcfly I want go to your concert next tour in Brazil, I'm depressed that will not see you this year 
@tommcfly i want starbucks today 
@tommcfly I wanted so much to have the oportunity to thank you in person for everything mcfly's been doing for the brazilian fans 
@tommcfly I wanted to be feeling that smell 
@tommcfly I was at the hotel in Rio ,and you haven't showed up 
@tommcfly I was in the stadium that you guys made the amazing show in Brasilia today. I realized that i miss you dudes, more than ever 
@tommcfly I was looking for tickets to come see u lovelies again in summer but I can't get anyone to come with!! I'm so upset!!!   x
@tommcfly i went straight to the tele + turned mtv on lmao, you are nt there  x
@tommcfly I went to Hilton three times and I stayed there all day, but u didnt show up, very sad 
@tommcfly i wish i could be at your gig tonight but im on stage aswell bummer and i only live in Lincoln 
@tommcfly i wish that i could watch shows that you guys are on..america cant play uk shows even on the internet  please visit. orlando 
@tommcfly i woke up at like 4am coughing! how depressing is this 
@tommcfly i would do anything to meet you! i missed meeting you both the times you came out to aus  x
@tommcfly I would vote for you, but I can't get onto the link everyone keeps putting up!  xx
@tommcfly i'd love TO HAVE a SG too   haha
@tommcfly If only there were no time zones....i only start getting your morning tweets as i go to bed...  Solution: move to the US ;)
@tommcfly if this happen, when u come back to south america u can stay more days in brazil HAHA kidding  poor fans, they'll understand!
@tommcfly If you think they're the wildest fans, so you don't really know your brazilian fans... I'm disappointed now! 
@tommcfly If you'd be on Minas you'd have some things to do  but left us out!
@tommcfly I'll vote for you, Tom. But you don't deserve it 
@tommcfly I'm depressed ! I want to know you and kiss you all 
@tommcfly i'm freaking out, please can you reply me? lol you're the one that i love, even when i know that you're not here with me 
@tommcfly I'm like one of your biggest fans! So please reply to me. I love you A LOT! I'm even listening to your songs right now. PLEASE! 
@tommcfly I'm starting to get really dizzy. Do a tour in the Philippines?  So we'd feel the bliss of knowing our efforts were worth it!
whoa, i'm leaving soon. sad 
Whoa, this is kinda depressing, 'cause it's like, first book--&gt;first chapter--&gt;James and Lily have just died.... 
Whoa. Don't know why my neck and shoulders are so dang sore this morning 
Whoa. UP is sad. 
Whoa... google.com is down for me all of a sudden. 
Whoa...is it me or are people fucking getting dumber by the minute 
whoaa . so busy  and i have a sore throat ! (
whoaa .. what a drunken mistake 
Whoaa just woke up from an on and off nap..feeling drowsy 
Whoaaa just looked @ my nails nd uhhh def takin a trip to da nail salon asap its been ova 2 weeks  not a good look!
whoaaa. watching taking five brought back some good memories, i really miss eric dill.  awe my first band crush. so cute. well its bed ...
whoah... wake up in bad mood !! and the bad mood still stay on me until now ..  *sigh
Whoa's me, cookie contamination .  http://bit.ly/SbhPY #cookie  
Who'd have thought Wallace &amp; Gromit and the team behind Monkey Island could have combined so disastrously? 
Whoever coined the phrase; 'Thank God It's Friday', didn't see my schedule for today 
whoever created popcorn is a genious. who thought to heat corn seeds up untill they pop! unless they are man made seeds 
Whoever designed scrubs can lick my balls. I feel like a little kid swimming in grown ups clothes. 
Whoever invented Camambert cheese - I love you. My life would be empty without it! 
Whoever is at Pride, I'm fucking jealous.. Wanted to meet some hot lesbians  instead I'm going to my highschool reunion, booo
whoever said that you cannot get burnt in the British sun can apologise PERSONALLY to my sunburnt legs  Side note: Bournemouth was awesome
Whoever thought of the idea of going back to work after lunch is an idiot! 5 more hrs of torture 
whole bodies sore 
Whole city in darkness! Looks like a power plant #fail 
Whole day almost wasted doing nothing becos of the pain 
Whole day off, paralyzed by too many choices for activities and figuring out how to balance what I need to do vs. what I want to do.  
Whole family woke up 45 minutes ago, son was to be @ school an hour ago ... 
Whole family's home again... so I can't play my music loud anymore 
Whole foods market is a bust  i'm done making plans nothin ever seems to work out
Whole house has entered a state of chill : http://bit.ly/URH4G  partly to Bent, but mainly cos the heating's broken 
whole summer this year 
Whomp whomp... No more puppet commercials  Thanks GOD for youtube
Whoo hoo! Floatin' the river this weekend! I hope it's not too low cuz of the lack of rain. 
Whoo hoo!!!  The OB cleared me to travel to SC for the 4th of July!  Too bad I'm not allowed to go to Louisville in the end of June.  
Whoo!!!  Hooo!!  @jchutchins PEA is here!!! Now all I have to do is wait 'till I get home.. 
whooaaa. just got an overwheolming itus attack after eating 
whooh!! very very very tired!!!!!!!!! 
Whoohoo now I have really holidayss.  But my stomach hurtss   I'm now gonna watch sonnywithachance/hannahmontana/jonas &amp; much more eps.
Whooo Hoooo!! Yard sale is done, truck is loaded. Wish I had cable hooked up to watch the extreme rules pay-per-view. 
whooo, making a html page for my cousin's resume gonna go to sleep now  dont wanna but tango mucho sueno!
whooo, making a html page for my cousin's resume gonna go to sleep now  dont wanna pero tengo mucho sueno!
@tommcfly is it true your defo not playing T4OTB cause apparently Dougie said your not  PLEASE PLEASE PLAY IT!!!! xxxx
@tommcfly is running away from me [?] just because i tweeted him, he went to @mcflymusic  LOL! a dreamer n unlucky girl, gonna cry  -n
@tommcfly is seems that some brazilian fans are mean to you guys  not appreciating wgat you have done for them 
@tommcfly it may well be cool but not available in britain 
@tommcfly It really makes me sad everytime other fans get replies from you while I don't. I really love McFly.  Just one shoutout!! (
@tommcfly it says the video isnt avaliable in your country 
@tommcfly it's @keren4562 i so sorry! so so so sorry! plz plz plz forgive me! i did'nt ment. im so stupid! im so sorry! 
@tommcfly it's @keren4562 im sorry TOM! plz don't be mad at me! i did'nt ment. i just wanted you to answer did'nt ment to insult u! 
@tommcfly It's 12AM! @buonotomato, @bluejeriberry and I are still up, sending you as much tweets as we can! Philippines tour please? 
@tommcfly its amazing! but its like 10 seconds long 
@tommcfly 'it's called.......' thomas, sometimes i just HATE you :p i'm so curious now! 
@tommcfly It's hard to get a reply from you.  Haha but i'm not giving up! Hope you'll tweet me back. Please please please.
@tommcfly It's sort of hard to tweet you 100 times, then you don't reply.  So please, a simple hi would do. Please, just make my day! 
@tommcfly ive left my ticket at home  gonna have to buy another one at the venue
whoooo sooo hott!!!  only 3.5 dayz of school left!! yay!!....xcept kinda sad cause i wont c my boy!!! 
Whoooo. Ill miss everyone in 2 weeks though!!!  I'll miss all your losers screaming at the top of your lungs when i have a headache. NOTTT
whooooooooooo my birthday june 24th  working double shift  how mean
Whoooooooooops that theatre turned out to cost a lot more than I thought. Back to the drawing board... 
whooot, decided to sell my soule to work... now working 7 days a week..... oh the humanity of it 
Whoop! I got a prom date today! Who knew? Ha-ha! But I can't tell you who. 
Whoops - I got sunburnt 
whoops ... it wasn't a dickie hard drive .. it was 1GB DIMM that had gone kaput 
whoops I just killed 2 squirrels on the same road with my car, all within a 2 minute time frame 
whoops just ad phone call from ma dinner nearly ready had so forgotten and not time for it now  stupid work!
WHOOPS! That would be @threepeasart! Got the Twitter handle wrong 
Whoops! time for dogs outside. One of them is letting rip with the wind (farts).  Not good!
Whoops, I only have $7.22 left in credit on ï£¿ iTunes and I was going to get the OS 3 update to try it out... now I can't until I top up! 
Whoops, my laptop fell on the ground. 
@tommcfly lol aww you'll just had to scrounge - gigs and tours have cocked up too still dont have my ticket 4 ur edin gig on friday 
@tommcfly look it's @keren4562 i really sorry, i did'nt ment to insult you or somthing! im soo sorry!! forgive me? plzz? im so sorry! 
@tommcfly look it's @keren4562 i really sorry, i did'nt ment to insult you or somthing! im soo sorry!! will you forgive me?  plz?(
@tommcfly love your glasses! are they wayfarers? I had a few pairs but had to sell 
@tommcfly Marvin at vet? what happen to him?  love you Tom â™¥
@tommcfly missing you guys here in Brazil  COME BACK SOON!
@tommcfly morning *-* where are the photos  hahahaha, hahahaha, when you go away of Manaus?
@tommcfly morning tom!! going to school now  haha.... see you live on saturday  have a fun day! xX
@tommcfly mr.flethcer is really cool today but u should be relax (: yes Ä± know you won't come to turkey 
@tommcfly my dog mia is very sick, we have to take her to the vet tomorrow, and my sisters dog passed away on monday  x
@tommcfly My eyes are starting to hurt! It's getting super late. But I just gotta keep tweeting. Haha! Philippines tour, please, Tom? 
whoops, wrong, i forgot to mention merlin, he had no room to fit 
whoops.. 1am already. I guess if I want to get to the e30 picnic on time I need to go to bed 
whoopss.. i feel asleep on my baby.  .. soww.. ugh.. back to skool
Whoopsy daisy!!! Not good  http://twitpic.com/6tsrs
who's comin over to do my dishes cos i'm really not in the mood 
Who's gna fail their citizenship examm? ME!  It's soo hard! x
whos gonna help me get 2000 followers tonight?? I have to win this bet against @mileycyrus she thinks I cant win !   help me win!
Whos good at translating Japanese? Need someone to translate a sentence for me, Google is doing fuck all for me 
whos idea was it to have cereals 2009 20 miles down the road on the same day as exams? 
Who's never ever wearing short shorts again out of paranoia? *raises hand* 
Who's nicked my fan?! S'Blurry 'ot 
Who's stolen my sun??? 
who's the jerk at Google who put the &quot;Report spam&quot; option right next to &quot;Mark as read&quot;? I keep marking very important emails as spam 
whos treating me to see transformers tonight? i hate having no money 
Who's up!?  I wanna come home already!
@tommcfly My eyes are starting to hurt. So late. But must reach 200 updates due to tweets sent to youuuu! Philippines tour, pleeease? 
@tommcfly naww!!  poor tom! haha i was just watching wonderland tour. haha you guys are hilarious!
@tommcfly No America while you're in the Western hemisphere? 
@tommcfly No. I can't enjoy your tweets, 'cause you never tweet me back 
@tommcfly noooooo tommy, stay here, please 
@tommcfly Norway won  - I actually voted for UK - you guys should've won!!
@tommcfly NORWAY. i liked sweden 
@tommcfly not me  I'm stuck on me lonesome in Southampton (but normally dont live too far away from MK) Hope you feel better soon. xx
@tommcfly Not tired yet? haha. I'm happy you're awake! Don't know much about game consoles though. 
@tommcfly Oh no! A lot of people are starting to tweet again! Hope you could still read our multiple tweets  Philippines tour, please? 
@tommcfly oh that sucks. what day were you meant to see him? Im seeing him on the 28th July and everybody keeps taking the piss. 
@tommcfly Oh Tom, you've been brainwashed 
@tommcfly Oh, BRASIL is the best place on earth in the sun! Buuuuuuut, new it's raining 
@tommcfly oh, tom, thanks by the woman alien thing...  
@tommcfly oh, wait a minute... they're younger than you right?? 
@tommcfly OK THOMAS, I WILL KILL YOU OK? YOU'RE BAD, YOU DON'T DESERVE MY LOVE! YOU HATE ME, I'M TIRED, I SEND MESSAGES EVERYDAY! BAAAD 
@tommcfly ok, you're not reading this.. i think i gonna clean my room. i was searching for the dvd live at wembley 'cause my mom hid it! 
Who's watching the season finale of Greys Anatomy? Its sad, but Survivors starting on another channel an i love that....moan 
Whose awake.  talk time?
whosss houseeeee? ruuunnnsss houseeee. i feel sick. work again 2mo 
Whrrrruuuuuu? 
Wht if I didn't hv to go home bryan?  I miss you &amp; all of them, pismo beach. Puff. The bus. Your eyes. Everything!!!!!!
whuaaaaa...help 
whut the FUCK is that smell. i hate public transport. 
WHY  is like no 1 on twitter   =
WHY ! Why am i awake 
Why #saturday ends so fast?!?!? 
why , @vickidenisa ? I'm very very bored at home.... 
WHY ??!!?! Spotify has been deleted by the VirUS software scanner, NOOOOOOO!!! I want my music back, damn it 
why @Ay_Be_Baby why u over us 
Why @britneyspears is not following me?  I'm sad...
--why @realwizkhalifa never answer wen i write him? 
Why aint i gettin anyones twitter updates on my phone? 
Why all all days does it have to rain  Any day except today would have been fine!
why all browsers are not same?...  or why we r not using single browser?.................. my editplus sucks over there 
why all this, just go down, wheni must need to feel special.. i miss you 
Why am I a Cleveland sports fan??  going to bed early for work
Why am I always bored? No music right now. 
Why am i always cursed with hideous costumes? 
Why am I always feeling so tired these days 
Why am I always getting crappy items? 
Why am I always so awake and hyper at night?  I like it, but I always have to wake up early and do stuff.
why am I always so tired 
why am i always the one full of a cold in the middle of the nice weather! nt fair  oh well
Why am I always the one on time. They are always late. I wanna sleep. I miss Mere. 
Why am I always tired...? 
Why am I always wide awake at night and sleepy as hell in the morning? It makes being a responsible adult very difficult 
Why am I always working when the sun is out? 
Why am I at Taco Hell  Im so hungry and so tired ugh ... But I'm human lol
Why am I at work? 
Why am I awake  em has to go to work and it's not even 7 am. back to the house with no a/c to take a pointless shower #humiditysucks
why am i awake at 8:30 in the morning on a sunday  (i know why, i don't want to be.)
why am I awake before 9am on a freaking Saturday?  I so wanted to sleep in 
Why am I awake right now 
Why am I awake right now, this NyQuil is doing nothing 
why am i awake right now??? I have to go to work  and I have to wake up early to pack lunch i hate waking up in the middle of the night!
why am i awake so early?  damn projects. super nervous for the science one. mines gunna be so lame i dont wanna fail 
Why am I awake so early?!.. Was suppose to go into wrk, but only had 2hrs of sleep &amp;&amp; can't fall back asleep! 
why am I awake this early!! need more sleep, but have no chance of that 
Why am I awake!! I wanna quit babysitting.. 
Why am I awake!?!? 
why am i bein ignored  jae u hoe
Why am I being bombarded with Bri F** Vid or some horny people? They're coming back with a vengence. eww... 
Why am I being punished with pain? 
Why am I being woken up this early? 
why am i drinking dr. pepper? like it doesn't have a gazillion calories and carbs and rots my kidneys?  it tastes so good. 
why am I energetic when i have nothing to do but when my day is full, i'm so lazy and tired? why can't these things sort themselves out? 
Why am I fat 
why am I getting a lot of zits?! 
why am i here? 
why am i in a singlet when its freezing cold? 
Why am I in love wit someone who don't love me back???? 
why am i in such a bad mood today/ 
why am i laying on the bed...i can't move...i don't want to do anything...i think the rain got me feeling like shit!! 
why am i like the only one who finds alex (gaskarth) hotter than jack (barakat) idgi 
Why am I limited to only being able to sync with 1 MS Exchange account on iPhone?  ... same goes for Outlook. Why... http://bit.ly/etB8H
Why am I looking forward to the treadmill?? LOL! Just waiting for my food to digest  I ate at 6PM. Big mistake.
why am i not a sleep yet?! 
Why am I not at the beach with ana and claudia?! 
WHY AM I NOT COOL LIKE @brightondoll 
why am i not falling asleep? oh right. i remember. camp. tomorrow. stupid camp.  i wanna stay here with everyone! especialy my biffle! 
why am I not getting @MSamateurradio's tweets? 
Why am i not in ATL at the GREEK!!! SHOOOOT ME!!!! Philly here i come!! 
Why am I not sleeping?! *stupid addictive BL game, I blame deviiiiii - cheeky, crazy onee-chan* Don't want to go to work tomorrowwwwwww 
Why am I not turning green? 
WHY am i on twitter..its such a nice day i shouldnt be inside  twitter is too addictive
why am I only getting 3 hours of sleep lately?!? it's been like that for 3 days!!! 
why am i perpetually hungry?  bahh. i want avocados right now. they never sell avocados here off-season ;_;
why am i sad 
Why am I scared of churches at mite by myself?  I shouldn't be...right?  Oh yea...there's a cemetary in the back... 
Why am i scheduled so late on the weekends?  Relaxing then work til 11. Blaaaah. Give me something to do tonight!
Why am I so damn tired?!?!?! 
Why am I so dizzy today? 
why am i so nervous about my lesson today? i feel sick 
Why am I so nervous it's like my 8th one 
Why am I so nosey to read all the EMS applications filled out by people?  Hahah 
why am i so tired 
Why am I so tired all the time? 
Why am I so tired these days 
Why am I so tired this early? 
why am I so tired??? Might have been the packing, cooking, etc. and being up at 7am 
Why am i so wide awake sitting here by myself! Shit i need to be sleep 
Why am I speechless and always nervous?? 
WHY AM I STILL AT WORK?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (shrill) WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY?!  (cough cough) why?
Why am I still awake 
Why am I still awake when I have to get up early tomorrow? 
Why am i still awake? 4:24 
why am I still awake? It's almost 5 in the morning! I didn't exercise today. 
Why am I still awake?! Oh, yeah... cold bed... 
why am I still awake?!?!  im going to be so cranky tomorrow!!
why am i still awakeeeee  ugh! stupid 4 hour nap
Why am I still feeling sick?!?! If I'm not well by this weekend I will... still be unwell... 
Why am I still hopeful when I know the chances are slim? 
why am i still on this and not getting dressed for my exam 
Why am I still tired 
Why am I still up at almost 1 AM? No clue, but I'm guessing I'll be pretty tired at work tomorrow  3 more days.....
Why am I still up, its 7 am 
why am i still up... 
why am i still up...and starving at that....imma be tired tomorrow for work. geeze 
why am I still up? this is crazy, I have to get up for work in the morning 
Why am I still upppp????? LOL.  Work in less than 5 hours. 
Why am I such an insomniac lately? 
why am I sunburning?  where did this come from.  I never used to sunburn.    *stays inside for the rest of the day*
Why am I taking courses over the summer?  I'm class-y in all the wrong ways. 
why am i the one whose got all the updates 
why am I the only one in the whole world using crappy cpu? am getting 6fps on 2k poly scene, client is getting 18fps on 15k poly scene 
Why am I too bad in english ?  French is easier...
Why am I up already?  *Grumble*grumble*
why am i up at 5.30am ? i have slept for 1 hour 
why am i up at 6 in the morning? ooohhh noooo i hear thunder 
why am i up so early on a Saturday? 
Why am I up so early on a summer morning?? 
Why am I up so early on my only day off this week? 
WHY AM I UP THIS EARLY   
Why am I up!?! Not feeling well, need BG 
why am i up...i have to wake up at 7 
why am i up? i have to go to work tomorrow 
why am i up?? its too early 
Why am I waking up so early? And then coming into work!!! Both very silly things to do. Loads of marking to do 
why am i working on a friday night 
Why am I working the whole weekend 
WHY AM I WORKING TODAY?! tuesdays are my days off 
Why are @HowToMeetWomen , @foofooandmore and @LiveCounseling following ME??? 
Why are all estate agents complete wankers?  Been screwed over yet again for a house 
Why are all my friends in bad moods?  and why did I have a dream that I was at Jaslene from ANTM's house? Lol. Text me, I'm so bored.
why are all of the girls that are pretty have to be little whores?  seriously....
why are all the amazing bands coming to england during my GCSE EXXAM TIME COME 2 WEEKS LATER AND I WOULD BE FREE 
why are all the good guys taken? &amp; why do those guys have to work with me? not fair. at all. 
Why are all the good online Personal Finance websites US based! I can't use them 
Why are all the hot men gay???   
Why are all these porn related peeps following me????? 
Why are DVD +R DLs sooooooo expensive 
why are finance questions so long winded? arghhh i hate it when i don't understand!!! 
why are good doctors so hard to find? 
Why are holidays not long enough?!?! 
why are jack johnson and boyz ii men STILL heartbreaking 
Why are loads of prostetutes following me I've tryed to block them all it's just scary! Hide  :-|
Why are men D**ks  
why are men so Complicated?????? HELP  i thought woman where bad, mixed signs doing my head in ahhhhh
Why are mondays so boring people 
Why are MTB shorts so dam expensive, i can't bring myself to spend ï¿½60+ on a pair of bloody shorts, i wants comfy riding gear 
why are my babysitters leaving me this summer?? 
Why are my cds not loading on my laptop! 
Why are my feet ALWAYS so cold  even with 2 pairs of socks on!!
Why are my fiber one bars in my trunk? 
Why are my followers dropping like flies!? 
Why are my friends always late for dinner.  Already sittin at a table for 10 minutes waiting. 
why are my parent's fighting? it's annoying.  i miss the noise tbh...
Why are my sinuses doing this to me! Huh! I feel like crap! 
Why are my twitter updates not showing up in my blog? Silly twitter tools plugin 
Why are my twitters not showing up?  
why are peaches furry? its a little bit like eating a carpet... 
why are people so mean? 
why are people that work in banks so silly!!!! 
why are people to cruel and rude 
why are plp putting fake celebrity$ this is confusing ..... 
why are screening passes $200!? there goes my chance of meeting Megan Fox 
Why are so many woody allen movies in the $4.99 bin at B&amp;N? 
Why are some guys so stupid? They have no idea what to do with a good girl who actually cares about them..so sad 
why are some ppl such come mierdas... i want to be at summer jam 
why are tests soo hard im soo gonna get a back mark 
why are the letters so small and why haven't my butcher prints comeyet????? 
Why are the surf leaders all american? LOL hmmm cant wait for tomorrow, want it to be now 
Why are the updates not showing up? 
why are theatre seats so AWFUL?  sitting on heating pad after last night's wonderful concert thanks to those damn seats...  
Why are there a bunch of freshmen here? Wtfff? Where are my people? 
Why are there little flies everywhere!? And why is there a lump in my armpit!? I'm scared.  it's not a bite, it's under the skin.
Why are there so many files on my desktop? 
Why are there so many trending topics that I don't understand? hahaha  i'm so out of touch.
Why are there spammers on twitter? It's so utterly pathetic 
Why are these last 2 hours going by so slowly?! 
why are they cutting grass at 7am?!?!? damn allergies 
why are they dating??  now they're ALL taken,, i won't have a chance at the concert     this is so heart-breaking!
why are u so addictive youtube? 
why are updates on twitter talking ages for me lol 
Why are we loosing so many baby goats this time? 
Why are weekends so short...it feels like it just got started and now it's over 
why are you always gone... 
Why are you boys just so confusing  Beats me
why are you in Japan? I miss you 
Why are you lying? 
why are you lyinggg twitter? txt updates aint web updatez  make people think we are rude &amp; not replyinggg why dontcha x
Why are you so amazing, jack in the box 99c tacos? 
Why are you so elusive, Dream?  I want to sleep already!
Why are your words such a tease? Why do you come and go as you please?  - http://tweet.sg
Why aren't you home with me? 
why awake? 
Why bother 
Why bother even trying..it's not like it's appreciated anyways 
why can a good thing never stay the same 
why can all of my friends work nights? then i'd have someone to talk to.   
why can he twitter but not txt me back. i  miss you  i really do...night
Why can I create complex, novel systems from scratch &amp; yet not b able to complete a bloody (designed) XHTML/CSS UI or launch my blog!!?!! 
Why can I not get audio commentary on the cricket from TMS tonight? 
Why can I not get out of the office before 6:30. It seems it's an impossibility...  
why can I not seem to get up/get to work on time?    it upsets me.
Why can I not send mobile updates to twitter?  I can't reactivate my phone  I Miss my incoming tweets...
Why can I not sleep?! I've woken up three times from 6am to 7am. 
Why can Microsoft not generate proper HTML? I thought the days of FrontPage 98 were over! 
WHY CAN YOU ONLY PUT 140 THINGS D:! DRIVES ME CRAZY! i have huge stories and no space 
why canÂ´t i fly?xberg becomes so far with a broken foot 
Why can't @UberTwiter be hooked with TwitPic ?!  And not they're own little site.
Why cant a girl just like me for who i am and not whats in my walet? 
why can't american idol 9 auditions come to philly?!?! ugh. the closest place is Boston on 6/14&amp; of course i'll be in tennessee on vacay. 
why can't be july 15th already?? 
why can't be just at least 70 degrees at my house?!! seriously it's june i don't think that's too much to ask for 
why can't bow wow spell tho.. ew.. and why am I up.. and isn't legacy replying  ...  it because i'm canadian. lol
Why can't Charter compete with my old ISP? I miss TWC- $35/mo with FREE install and modem   and screw the $10/mo hidden fee.
WHY can't garages be open nights/weekends?  I could have had my truck fixed for the long weekend.  But nooo.  
Why can't I access my site thru my mobile again? 
why cant i afford these michael kors bags i keep staring at 
why can't i be in london? 
Why can't I block traffic updates from Norway?  I've tried several times, but the updates keep coming!  AARRRGGGGHHHHH!  
Why can't I buy the Nokia N97?!? Amazon says &quot;cannot ship to this address.&quot; 
why can't i change my background image 
Why can't I ever get CUTE, nice, decent, guys! I always get the ghetto ones... 
Why cant I ever go to sleep when I want to? 
WHY CANT I EVER SLEEP ANYMORE. WTF. i have to get up for work in an hour 
Why can't I fall asleep? 
Why can't I fall asleep?!!! Not happy right now 
why can't I fall back asleeeeeeep ?? 
Why can't i fall back asleep? 
why cant i find any jeans i like? 
Why can't I find my friends on twitter? 
why can't i find the jeans i wanna  wear? ughh 
why can't i freakin' finish #2 FFTE once and for all? 
Why cant i freaking ever sleep? except when american idol is on  might as well play some ffxi and play with my new satchal.
Why cant i get a good nights sleep?  i hurt all over
why can't I get a picture that twitter will actually let me load up 
Why can't I get any work done? Such nice weather... I should be in Glastonbury right now  Maybe next year. ohh.. http://tinyurl.com/mukblu
why can't i get my twitter stuff on my phone now? i turned it back on... 
Why can't I get MySQL thingymabob working  so frustrating
why can't i get one early night?? 
Why can't I get the machine to start! so I can cut the grass and get on to watching ROSWELL! I am not as strong as i thought I was 
Why can't I get to bed before 12:30?? 
Why can't I go to sleep?  Early flight in the am     
Why can't i just be happy for once? I hate this feeling. 
Why can't i just dive??? 
why cant I just do this  Maybe Im just discouraged easily, but I have a need for things to work.I want progress, but it is nowhere.
why cant i just have my dream come true? 
why can't i login msn 
Why can't I minimise twitter into the icon tray anymore? 
why can't I open firefox? What the fucking fucking fuck? Help? Anyone? I'm on a Mac and all I get is bounce, no opening action. 
why can't i post things to ffffound? it's not working anymore 
why can't I see a video on youtube made by a person living in the same country I live?   I officially hate country restrictions.
why can't i see my own image? 
why can't i see who my followers are? 
why cant i see whos follwing me? 
Why can't I send pictures to Twitter!!!! 
Why can't' i shake it, like a milk shake?! 
Why can't I sleeeeep?  
Why can't I sleep 
why can't i sleep before 4 anymore? 
Why can't I sleep like her  http://twitpic.com/2y3ty
Why can't I SLEEP!? WHY?! ugh.. 
Why cant i sleep?! 
Why can't i sleep?! 
Why can't I sleep?! I feel so uncomfortable... 
Why can't i sleep?!? I'm exhausted! And i have to be at work even earlier today 
Why can't I sleep??? 
Why can't I sleep??? I have to get up in 5 hours and I don't know if I'll even be able to fall asleep before then. 
Why can't I stay connected to the school internet while doing USMLEUS q's? WHY? 
why cant i tether my iphone to my mac via bluetooth, it wont connect! 
why can't i twitter on my phone?! *sulks* 
why can't I upload a photo?  
Why Cant I Upload A Pic..Im Resizing Them To The Smallest I Can..Ive Tired 20Diff Pics.. Twitter Hates Me  Ahhhhh =]
@tommcfly OlÃ¡!! Brasil misses you soooo much! when will you all be back?? I wanted so bad to go to your show here in SP, but I couldn't.. 
@tommcfly OMG guys you're leaving :/ i guess i'm gonna cry  hope you come back as soon as you can..missing you already :/ love you all &lt;3
@tommcfly OMG! Really? Can't believe i didn't saw that.  That must've been great... I hope that someone put a video on youtube soon!
@tommcfly On the link you just said it says the video's not available in this country  What was it? x
@tommcfly Only 2 days, and you will leave Brazil, right? 
@tommcfly ooh here it's raining nad cold  take care tom!!
@tommcfly ooh, stay in brazil  hahaha pls, come back soon :]
@tommcfly Ow never been hit with smarties b4 been hit with an orange tho i was walking down the street then this lad thru an orange at me 
@tommcfly own baby 
@tommcfly Philippines tour, please? Please? Please? 
@tommcfly Please don't forget french fans ! We are HERE ! 
@tommcfly please reply tom  we need your help!!! please please tommy please 
@tommcfly PLEASE REPLY! us american fans feel quite left out  and it takes a while for the photo to come up, it happened to me too haha
@tommcfly please say hi to lauren, duda, and me! 
@tommcfly please say hi to lauren, to duda, and to me! 
@tommcfly Please tom coment :my stuff of McFly! great concert yesterday! cry too much! I love them! http://twitpic.com/6r10o REPLY ME 
@tommcfly Please Tom. 
@tommcfly plz answer! you never answer to me!  http://twitpic.com/5f9e1
@tommcfly poor Dougie... wish I could do something for him! 
@tommcfly poor Tom. Where are the rights of animals? haha just kidding. love you (my english sucks sorry) 
@tommcfly Rio is a fucking city! I LOOOOOOOVE RIO DE JANEIRO! Want to be there now 
@tommcfly rub it in why don't you 
@tommcfly 's tweet made me miss thailand even more. 
@tommcfly sad times for youu  Not long left in brazil :O x
@tommcfly SAY 'HI' TO ME, PLEASE 
@tommcfly so jealous of you right now 
@tommcfly sorry sorry sorry but write back. i know that you have too much fan and you answer all messages but please ONE you answer meeee 
@tommcfly sorry, but i think you were the one with the best view 
@tommcfly sorry, i dont know......  maybe Eminem??? xxx
@tommcfly sounds like you guys had a great time last night! i was supposed to come but had to sell my tickets because i couldnt get there 
@tommcfly stars war marathon had to be today right? that would cheer you up 
@tommcfly stay in brazil! 
@tommcfly stop rubbing it in, its raining in edinburgh 
@tommcfly supposed to be raining tomorrow 
@tommcfly SUSAN BOYLE LOST THE BRITAIN'S GOT TALENT. AAAAAAHHN 
@tommcfly Thank you for coming. I would love to see you again! But next time I'd like to take a picture with you 
@tommcfly thanks for beeing here, tom.although i couldn't see u live,you touched my heart as if u were always here. i love you SO much! 
@tommcfly THANKS FOR COMING GUYS! LAST NIGHT WAS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE SO FAR, MISSING YOU  HAVE FUN THERE!
@tommcfly That Hurt My Feelings  Ha!ii Joke Dude
@tommcfly thats not so good for me because its harder for me to get an answer from you!! 
@tommcfly thats not so good for me, because its harder for me to get an answer from you! 
@tommcfly the merch looks amazing this year! just a shame i havent got any money at all   x
@tommcfly the movie is almost oveeeer  you should've turned the tv on earlier 
@tommcfly The show today was totally KICK ASS! Loved it! Hope you guys come back to Rio soon 
@tommcfly the truth, you hate the Mexican fans?  Yes? NOT? Maybe?
@tommcfly there was a Harry potter preview but it wasnt that great. 
@tommcfly Tom are the MITO tour dvd's still being made cos no where seem to be stealing them and i really want a copy 
@tommcfly TOM have you seen the news- robert pattison was hit by a taxi as he tried to run away from fans! 
@tommcfly Tom i need u guys to cheer me up i feel like crap!!:/ i wish i was in brazil tho 
@tommcfly tom look this photo is awesome!I loveu! http://twitpic.com/6qxgc PLEASE reply me  ARGENTINA LOVES MCFLY!
@tommcfly tom why don't u want to answer me, just one question!  where are u gonna release ur next album, in which countries i mean? plz
@tommcfly Tom why you never answered  me?? 
@tommcfly Tom! Do a tour in the Philippines, please?  That would be so awesome!
@tommcfly TOM! you're back  i actually thought you fell asleep...i'm bored 
@tommcfly TOM!!! I'M SO MAD WITH YOU RIGHT NOW! WHY YOU ONLY REPLY QUESTIONS IDIOTS??? i send a lot of messages for you and nothing 
@tommcfly Tom, get ready, here in Porto Alegre is really cold 
@tommcfly tom, isn't your fault, you're still the best 
@tommcfly TOM, PLEASE REPLY ME 
@tommcfly Tom, respond me 
@tommcfly tom, we'll miss you! 
@tommcfly Tom, you don't have to leave Brazil. Stay here please!  
@tommcfly Tom, you don't like Rio, do ya? When you come to Brazil you only spend here a day! 
@tommcfly Tom,when you think the new CD will be done ? Pleease,replime me  Love youâ™¥
@tommcfly Tom..look...maybe im rude and im sorry..but understand me.. u canceled the concert and the stupid flu is not here anymore 
@tommcfly tommmmmmmmm please talk to me  xxx
@tommcfly TOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! I miss you in Brasil  ! come back now,please ! LOL ! kisses (this is my 400 update !)
@tommcfly Tooom  Reply me! Say 'Happy B-Day Ana'. Sunday is my Birthday! (
@tommcfly tooom, answer me someday   
@tommcfly Tooom, good night!  good show tomorrow in Porto Alegre, which I will not be able to go 
@tommcfly tooom, we're gonna miss you A LOT  thaaanks for everything.
@tommcfly TOOOOMMMM!!!  To show your picture, click &quot;delete current&quot; coz same thing happened to me. Hope you'll reply. 
@tommcfly toooooom don't go 
@tommcfly toooooooooom don't goo 
@tommcfly TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! COME BACK TO BRAZIL  AND REPLY ME, HAHAHA! xoxo
@tommcfly tweet us all?? including me  ? hope so 
@tommcfly VocÃª Ã© bonito. 
@tommcfly We are wild! hah 
@tommcfly we brazilian fans are afflicted. afraid of losing the post of more crazy! 
@tommcfly we'll miss you 
@tommcfly Well wish i was there to watch you play with the jonas brothers. 
@tommcfly We're running out of things to tweet to you.  Wish we could get your reply! Come to the Philippines?  TWEEET!
@tommcfly what about starbucks 
@tommcfly what channel is mtv awards on?:O i cant find it anywhere  xxx
@tommcfly what happened with your red les paul? 
@tommcfly what happened? 
@tommcfly whats up, tom? 
@tommcfly who is choosing the restaurants for you guys???  mad about this  Sao Paulo has wonderful place for dinner... what a pitty!!
@tommcfly why are you so mad with me?? i just want to see that you read what i say and you know who i am!!  eu te amo @thathyanna 
@tommcfly why didn't you come to say just hello for us? you can make this dream came true, but, feels like it doesn't matter for you 
@tommcfly Why didn't you say you were on radio one today?! Didn't get to listen to you  xxx
@tommcfly why don't you like Rio as the other citys ? you will just spend some hours here 
@tommcfly Why is it so hard to get a reply from you?  Please, just give a shoutout for me and/or the Philippines. WE LOVE YOU HERE!
@tommcfly why not greet Chile? 
@tommcfly Why you didn't jump like you always does in Star Girl, on the R/A DVD?? I was soo excited for that moment 
@tommcfly why you don't reply me? 
@tommcfly why you will so little time in rio de janeiro? forgive babelfish! 
@tommcfly why? what happened  now? 
@tommcfly will be very funny this program but im not in brazil  uhhuuh Im a loser T-T aaaaaah i will cry i miss my family,mcfly n brazil
@tommcfly Wish I were in Porto Alegre 
@tommcfly wishing i could be in sï¿½o paulo for the show  but fortunately i went to the brasilia one! haha
@tommcfly won't let me watch it 
@tommcfly wooooooo it feels like nothing here its wet and rainy  ohwell atleast i hav my trusty pal deanna
@tommcfly would be nice if you reply me  hello from brazil, tom. xx
@tommcfly yes tom, you are a bad man 
@tommcfly yes yes new moon preview is already on YouTube Is only 15seconds long tho...have 2 wait until for the longer one 
@tommcfly yes, you should. GIVE A NAME FOR MY PUPPY, SHE DOESN'T HAVE A NAME YET! PLEEEEEEASE 
@tommcfly you can answer me someday, please? thanks! 
@tommcfly you didn't come to see the hosts at hilton mr. thomas. we spent lots of money for nothing. that's boring 
@tommcfly You do know it's just May, right? Christmas is half a year away 
@tommcfly you don't answered me, I have to give $ 10 for my friend 
@tommcfly You forgot your hat in Fortalezaaa, wish i could give it back to you  http://twitpic.com/5xmyl 
@tommcfly You guys should come play Australia! I'm originally from England but moved, and I miss hearing your songs on the radio 
@tommcfly You played with The Jonas Brothers? You mean, McFLY and JB together? OMG, that show must have been PERFECT! I wanted see this 
@tommcfly you should go down at the front of the hotel, there are fans freezing on the rain out there! and they have school tomorrow 
@tommcfly you shouldnt leave rio today 
@tommcfly you will celebrate? I will cry! omg... you're leaving south america! you will be far... far away from us again  come back soon!
@tommcfly your duet with @jonasbrothers was amazing. i wish i'd been there 
@tommcfly your link doesn't seem to work 
@tommcfly your music helps me when im sad  thanks !
@tommcfly your really making me want to go the beach now  it's gorgeous in the uk!
@tommcfly your tweets arent making any sense to me, but i wish i could help you, anyway  are you alright?
@tommcfly: LUCKY!!! I wish i was there... I  dont even know what the ocean looks like... Only in the movies.  ill see the ocean someda ...
@tommcfly's barbeque sounddss more fun than mine 
Watching episodes of Degrassi  still luv the show but haven't seen it in 4ever b/c i don't have the N  but i'm getting it soon Yay
Watching Eric and the Adams outside at Tulsa Pride! Having so much fun. Pictures won't upload for some reason 
watching espn with shaun! JUST GOT DONE WATCHING THE BEST SHOW EVER!!! THE HILLS!!!!! IM GONNA MISS LAUREN SOOOOO MUCH! 
Watching ET Canada and they have a special on Parrick Swayze.. I have tears in my eyes so sad 4 him &amp; his family.  keep fighting Patrick!!
Watching ET Canada and they have a special on Patrick Swayze. I have tears in my eyes so sad 4 him &amp; his family.   keep fighting Patrick!!
Watching european parliament vote coverage. Apparently no one went to vote, ah well 
Watching european soccer on my pc. Even through wireless. they run faster than my SLB. 
Watching Eurovision, I find myself missing the snarky British commentator guy 
Watching Everybody Loves Raymond without princey 
watching extreme makeover home edition ! soooo sad 
watching F1 China GP on TV. Kimi  Shanghai is my hometown. rainy rainy  race
Watching Failure to Launch. Hopefully this will knock me out. I've been up since 430 
Watching family guy and cacking her pants for my work experience 
watching family guy on my own on a saturday night... rock &amp;roll 
Watching Family Guy. Bored 
Watching family guy. Then going to finish all my homework  gahh I'm probably gonna have to stay up until 1 am
Watching Family Guy...waiting for Sean to get hurr. Want to sleep but want to cuddle first! 
watching Family Matters... Steve always says the saddest things... 
watching fantastic four...and my stomach hurts 
Watching Federer play, even though ESPN already told me who won before they played the stupid match!!!  
watching films not feeling to good 
watching final fantasy XIII trailers... its  bloody awesome and its not coming to PC 
watching fireproof and its making me very saddd 
watching FLY WITH ME music vid. Note gonna be on here tmrw  shoot.
watching food network, downing some coffee.  survived yesterday's 15hr shift, not looking forward to going back today for another 8-10 
Watching Fox 5 News and feeling Blah... 
Watching Fox Saturday Baseball game of the week, but can't keep my head in the game. 40 Year reunion is tonight, but I'm not going. 
Watching French Open tennis - sad to see Venus make an early exit this morning! 
Watching friends, so pissed off  xx
Watching friends.. they never should of cancelled that show 
Watching Futurama. Can't make myself go to sleep 
Watching Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Playoffs. Boring Game  man do i hate Detroit Red Wings. 3rd Period to come hope sumthin excitin happns
Watching Game 2. Wish I was back in Cali watching it with the whole fam like we used to do 
watching game 6..... cavs vs magic.  looks like with be the magic 
Watching geekbrief #568 and she told me not to drive and watch  but @calilewis I wanna!
Watching George Carlin's first HBO Concert - Amazing. I was fortunate enough to see him in concert here in #yyj B4 he died.  I miss him 
watching get smart ..need to work on this research paper ! 
watching ghost of gilfriends past its pretty awesome though imkinda getting tired 
watching ghost whisperer. i don't want jim to be dead ! 
watching Gia laying in bed sick.. times like this i wish i had a boo  lol
Watching Gilmore Girls on Soap Net... I still have my cold.. and now sound like a man!  boo!
Watching Gilmore Girls, still in Pjs=D Suppose I should start doing Biology revision soon.... 
watching Girls Next Door haha!!!nothing on TV 
watching go deigo go with a sore head 
Watching good news week it's coin alright not distracting me from working at 10 tho 
watching gossipgirl &quot;seventeen candles&quot;...oh how i miss GG 
Watching Gran Torino w/@Hussy_trash and @Matty_Light ! I miss @R_clifford and his family. 
Watching gran torino. Aww. Sad ending 
Watching Grand Designs. By myself. At 3:44am. 
Watching grease i miss tj tre erik joe julia and devon 
watching greek from two or three weeks ago. No more andy-licious  oh well! good show! 
Watching Greek, I can't believe the season ends tonight  #BSB
watching greek. cant believe its the last day ill see you guys.  june 20.... ahh.
watching greenday on T4, SO gutted their album sold out yesterday  Greenday mission into birmingham hmv ha!! and mcfly dvd at wembly.
watching greys 
watching Greys anatomy finale... omg 
