TweetDeck having trouble connecting to the mothership. 
TweetDeck iPhone keeps crashing on 3.0  lots of times when I click to view a tweet others when I try and scroll. #tweetdeck #iphone
TweetDeck is acting really strange! Hum........ reinstall maybe. Update on the horizon? Or is it just another Adobe memory leak 
tweetdeck is being stupid. 
Tweetdeck is not working !!!  tweet later  !!!!
Tweetdeck is not working for me. 
TweetDeck is not working properly for me 
TweetDeck is sucking a huge amount tonight. 
Tweetdeck just crashed on me. 
TweetDeck keeps crashing on me  Writing my next blog post, will be up in a couple hours.
TweetDeck now has a free iPhone app - also released yesterday, that syncs w/ the desktop. Today more than ever, I wish I had an iPhone. 
TweetDeck throwing fits all morning. 
TweetDeck went from fantasmic to a limp app that cant perform 
Tweetdeck won't work.  
tweetdeck, why won't you minimize to system tray anymore? you clutter my already cluttered taskbar! 
TweetDesk also looks great, and it's free! But I've already purchased Twitterific premium 
Tweeted to soon as S Vettel takes the lead from Jenson. 
TWEETER IS SO DEAD 
Tweetie already lost out on my iPhone, and with now TweetDeck iPhone-Mac sync, Tweetie Mac might just be knocked out too. Sorry @atebits. 
Tweetie for Mac multiple accounts aren't working for me right now 
Tweetie is a lil buggy still on 3.0 
Tweetie no subiÃ³ a Twitter el favorito con el link para ver #laredinnova  Â¿Alquien lo tiene?
Tweetie wouldn't work for me yesterday  - now it is and I can defo see what all the fuss was about.
Tweetie: Can you mark tweets as read? Can you change the refresh rate? Can you make full screen? Is there a notification sound? Answer-No 
Tweetie's search function doesn't seem to be working properly. Only gives me one result when I know there are lots more. 
Tweetie's url shortener is broken 
tweeties, I gotta go for a while. I HAVE to finish this video log today meaning I have to get off twitter  wish me luck &amp; pray for me lol
tweetin about how twitter isnt twittering my tweets.. 
tweeting as @picamp cos twitter search doesn't pick up @paul0evans1 
tweeting at meeting number 2 out of 4 for today. I wish i were at #Tedxkl 
tweeting at work. I've hot a stye in my eye 
Tweeting from blackberry cos internet is down. 
Tweeting from my iPhone for the first time how exciting!!!! Poor lee lee is coughing his lungs out 
Tweeting from my iPhone! My mummy feels Ill 
tweeting in algebra. Will miss @AlessandraNella next year 
Tweeting in exile  will be back in a few days, faster, stronger and more jobless than ever.
tweeting is boaring  |-)
tweeting just ain't the same without my phone, I miss you little guy. 
Tweeting on Father's day... where the hell are my kids? 
Tweeting to tweeple about my tweens, for tomorrow I am 30 
tweeting too much...bah wheres my bed 
tweetpeeps , bali is so dark now  all the lights went off .
Tweets are quite boring tonight  and no1s speaking to me online odears!
Tweets from Iranian protestors are breaking my heart  Fuck off, Ahmedinnerjacket.
TweetSG isn't working as well as widgeous 
TweetTabs scrolls the wrong way with a mouse wheel 
tweettweet i miss my babay 
TweetTwits! Iam still in the Dirty South, feeling my roots, seeing my Peeps, trying to figure out a healty way to eat Biscuit and Gravy! 
Tweezer  #phish
Twello Foodie Tweets Spicy spicy spicy lunch  im not having much luck with food! http://tinyurl.com/d4bwjw
Twellowhood's only for USA and Canada yet ..  and i've just joined too...
twenty minutes later my yoga teacher has still not shown up.  yoga fail.  
tweople! what's good? i'm up, a bit of a dull ache reverbin thru my brain, took 2 TylenolPM @ about 0430, was up 4 ages tho!  anotha day!
twice today I have received messages from him that are supposed to stop me from feeling bad about my health...but it doesn't last long 
twilight domination at the mtv movie awards.. 
Twilight is going to win is obviousâ€¦ hurts that I am of Argentinean and just they transmit Thursday..  
twilight ruins my life.  real life can never match up to that.
twilight zone at 1am = not so awesome. sucky episode 
twin' to go to sleep now foreaallllll  &lt;/3
Twin worked overnight, so i am eating lunch alone today... 
Twinings Breakfast tea, nom,nom... but don't have many teabags left. 
Twinkle now allows u to connect to facebook ! Sad Weather in Paris 
Twins are having a bad time with teething. My poor babies 
twins got 2 xbox 360's and wont spare me one  whata diccccck
twins lost  byebye metrodome, i'm through with you
Twins not in good moods due to weather, work pressing on my mind and no muffins made for 5 days here  Hey ho, where is the beer?
Twisted my ankle 
twisted my ankle running when i stepped on a sidewalk crack 
twisted my ankle today. 
Twisted my knee...can't walk 
twisting nether down 
TWIT HELP: How do I remove Twitter column from Tweet Deck. I set it to stay signed in, it's not budging and i dont want it there anymore 
twit`off.  ciao.
Twiter Is Shiting Me Bad   
TwitlQ.com looks promising. Good for multiple twitter accounts. But no OpenAuth 
Twitpic crashes the N70 browser. 
twitpic doesn't work for me anymore  i've tried each different server too.
Twitpic is not working right now 
Twitpic just don't work for me 
TwitPic not working for me from the Blackberry 
Twitpic posting from Gravity was working for a while without @janole's image posting proxy. It's stopped working again now 
twitpic!fail 
Twitpocalypse is still not fixed in twitterrific 
Twitt Twitt.. Outta sleep and MISSING home!!  Should I go?? Should I stay?? Hmm..
Twitta bugs...YOU'RE is the contraction for YOU ARE! For exmpl: You're my friend. NOT: Your my friend. Many people dont know this 
Twittah twittah twittah... I do hate when it is late and everyone starts leaving. 
Twittas I am soooo depressed today 
twittascope is NOT rocking my socks - go away already!! 
twittascope robbed me of my 500th tweet 
twitte block, facebook block..no more surfing in d office 
Twitteando antes de desayunar --&gt; Twitteraholico! 
Twitteando desde Heaton Park. Neta no 
twitter - facebook status integration working for anyone? I can't seem to add twitter application in my facebook.  @twitter @facebook
Twitter -- We will be down for one hour of planned maintenance starting at 8p Pacific Friday. NO TWITTER! 
TWITTER :S omg matt barnes is so unpopular it is like bummer 
Twitter 1 of 2: man.. I was jus thinkin about wet n wild n how much fun that place was  I would totally still go if it was still open.
Twitter abuzz about Rajeev Motwani passing away.  One of the best teachers I've had.
twitter always stuffs up my computer @smileyrachel321 I MISSED YOU BY 20MINS!! 
twitter and MTC GPRS aint friends 
Twitter and my phone appear to be fighting. It keeps crashing 
TWITTER ANNOUNCMENT: We will be down for one hour of planned maintenance starting at 8p Pacific Friday. (1pm today Sydney time) 
Twitter background manager is really full of bugs, I cannot upload my background whole day 
Twitter banned my tweets for over tweeting thank you's to all the #FF folks yesterday  What should I do about it for next week?
Twitter being blocked in China?  We'll keep on tweetin as long as we can, wish us luck tweeple
Twitter being weird to me again 
Twitter blocked me..said I sent out too many tweets in an hour 
twitter break. i need to rest. head aches 
twitter broke again. it wont send updates to my phone  i feel out of the loop now.
Twitter bugs a little bit around  200# tweet real  http://twitpic.com/6rz0o
Twitter cockblocked #ontd 
@sylver not a good day for me  sorry. I was thinking more like tuesdays :/
@sylvia_tan wow, that is the meanest thing you have ever said to me! 
@sylvia1505 lucky thing! too many males in here  I love them but I need girly stuff too
@sylviawho im sick too 
@Sylvie_CMG  | You're speaking very well
@sylviebug  don't let it getchyoo down... and especially don't cut of your beautiful ear!
@SylvieSOfasho I'm a Gemini !!! 
@Sylviiarh sure sure... but he's in a pms mood so it's probably a no 
@sylviiax0 it just finished, it was on at 9  ahah
@Sylvy78 yeah  my cousin passed away, a total tragedy hun. If you come online one of this days I will tell you  so sad.
@Sylwithia awww   hope you feel better!
@SymanthaFox Gah!!! I can't see it till tomorrow 
@SymanthaFox I hope its not too late, but I can't afford the new Evan shirt  I need to be taken off that list.
@symbianguru Do you have any problems adding to a playlist in mobbler? Mine just closes  great app tho.
@symphnysldr  about @theiancrawford - i am glad you all are keeping your chins up. i am so excited for everything coming up for the band!!
@symphnysldr  I can't believe Ian left the band...well actually I can cause your right he doesnt belong there. Darn wish you the best.
@symphnysldr awwww i'd go to your wedding!! &lt;3 i guess this was quite litterally an &quot;in your dreams&quot; moment 
@symphnysldr i cant wait to see you guys july 2nd!! but my friend's bummed she'll miss it 
@symphnysldr I love it. But I already tried today, and failed. Miserably. 
@symphnysldr I Missed My Party 
@symphnysldr oh my god, please don't ever punt a puppy 
@symphnysldr what happened? 
@symphnysldr you have no idea how excited i am to see you guys again!for bamboozle i didn't get to meet anyone except alex johnson 
@SyNaMATIQ I really DON'T wanna believe it ...  
@SynBen WHHHHAAAT! That's such bull shiz!!! That sucks.  sorry Syn 
@Syncbot Are you talking about the Super Suit or Hero Suit?  The ones that you only get for 30/100 Super Jumps?  I've never gotten those 
@syncerepapi girrrrl it'll grow back even nicer! and for now u got them cute little twists... don't be mad please 
@syncerepapi im frustrated. lol stupid first of the month bill paying bullshyt! ungh! lol u nvr imed me. 
@syncerepapi mornin! oh noooo u get allergies too??  poor baby
@Syncie That sucks.   Can you take it again?  I failed English my first time in college.  But the second time I got an A.
@Syncie What's wrong? 
@Synderella_a7x : Me too  But I got some kinda feelings that he was fake  Darn impostor! 
@Synergiance Tis too big, and mean. 
@synergist Across domains, but a valid clientaccesspolicy.xml is in place 
@SynGamer  They're awesome! And I think they're hot. Prefer what Lip Service has to offer, but they're so asspensive! 
@synshibby Rooting for Detroit but don't care that much. My Caps are out 
@synthesezia im in doorsteps for lunch too. Lisburn road one though. On root to co op whilst your having a night of it at Refresh 
@Synthesia i wish i had photoshop. i miss it 
@Synthesia im at work  well ill be leaving soon... but not soon enough
@synthesisphotos 
@syoo WOW! That's horrible! I'm scared of bees. 
@SyreetaShanee Oooooohhhhh!!! That's why you were waiting on them to dry. Sorry you didn't make it. 
@SyrupTiger I planned on watching Ghost and then I forgot  Damn it Carl
@Syryn_ I agree! It takes a few seconds on #Facebook, but #Twitter just refuses to do anything. Aaarg!  #twitterfail
@SysAdmKC all that rain is coming up from Wichita though 
@SysRq_ My mommy says no because I don't share 
@systemchildren ohh that suckss! 
@systemragebodom hunny nooooo!! please dont cry!  please...i dont want you to cry cause of me 
@systemragebodom hunny?  please answer... i need you 
@syuazimi not that I know of 
@SYVYdemystified Aw ... drive safe sweetie 
@sywtt Already tried making a &quot;Becoming a Fan&quot; page (friends become a fan of becoming a fan), Facebook wouldn't let me 
@syyLsweet really... Idon't know why!! 
@szare_wear Did you buy Firefly or is there a decent place to watch it on the interwebz that's legal? Don't shoot but I've never seen it 
@Szenn7 I know just what you mean. I've felt really odd for the rest of today ever since 
@szsz Wow- you are sharing some of my long list. 
@t work  
@T_A_R_A I was wondering where you were, how come you didn't twitter for a week? and yeah Adam withdrawal syndrome is real/not nice 
@T_Collinss u never gonna let me live that down  lol
@T_Easy Yeah sweetheart! Thank you for all your encouragement  This will be huge. I just have to get the school stuff done though  xx
@t_iii oh boy, I dont think you should have done that, I tried #pocky and now I cant live without it! 
@t_iii What I did was unknowingly put a faulty SATA drive from the backup machine into the primary.....one blue screen later.....bye-bye  
@T_isForLysellah: My mom said I won't be able to go to that party tmrw night, b'cos we'll get home I'll get home too late 
@t_meags Awww. I'm sorry.  &lt;33 That sucks how you have to work so much in the summer...  Are you gonna be able to go with me the 28th?
@t_mort omg!!! I'm so jealous.. There isn't gonna be a game when I'm there eitherrrr! 
@t_nutty y'all lucky, I'm so 2000 n late, hangin @ yur pad alone, neen doin his thang in his room, wish I was partyin wid u guys 
@t_pot I would but I'm hungry and want to go to lunch.  Sad for you 
@T_Rex_513 I'm working all weekend 
@t_rucker except im not there.  but that is sweet that its named that.
@T_ScottJr I was swamped by 5,000 people .. I didn't get to see a lot of my friends. It sucked. I missed out on photo ops and everything. 
@t_time24 Wonderin why D-Rose's page is suspended...Do u know?  Hope he comes back to twitter soon  
@t00muchcaffeine there's no way to restore it. bootneuter was used in unlocking it so no matter what i do its unlocked but unactivated 
@t08yg Oh no! Sounds like a nightmare... 
@t0ns:  nou moe... stomme banken/crisis shit :S
@t0rdo0r it was on accident  I didn't know it was rotten!!
@t1mmyb I stand corrected. 
@T2theATE hey plans are off for the night... sorry!  i will let u kno in a sec
@t2therell 2 tacos. Chicken breast bites and a oreomilkshake omg &gt;&gt;&gt; I wish they has a jack n the box in atl 
@t3andcrumpets I cant either. Like I seriously want to vomit now. It was so GRAPHIC. This young, beautiful girl dead in the streets. ugh! 
@t3hprinceofcats Yo biatch just noticed you aint following me? wtf  follow me or ill have to leave you *sniff*
@t4mmy aww that sucks!! 
@T4Otalia  2day..it just went across the tv...as a new report 
@t8designs re: the taing of Pelham 1-2-3 - yes *sigh* and it looks pretty dire, if the trailer is anything to go by... 
@t8rtot  wish you could, too!
@Ta7eya e7m e7m e7m, tayeb what should I do bas ba2a  #3aaah
@taakeachillpill Are you serious?  You have fever? I`m so worried.  GET WELL SOON!
@taakeachillpill I can`t wait to see you online! :| :-w :-w :-w GO ONLINE IN Y!M. 
@taakeachillpill YOU`RE SO MEAN.  BRING ME! DO YOU HAVE A TICKET? )
@taamzy you have to work today?! that sucks  oh yeah about that prom pic fb is being dumb and not letting me upload! grr
@TAANS nooooooooOOoooOooo dude i just got ur message! Its cool though, annexx just finished 
@tabard I did call, no go. 
@tabathalacerda I'M TO MUCH FOR YOU, YOU ARE NOOOOOT TO MUCH FOR ME, hihi to tendo uma recaida grave super tweet 
@tabbicat poor guy  That's so sad!
@Tabby_babii I wish u would tweet me 
@tabfurtado  Tab my dear... you put up with too much shit ! 
@Tabiamusic it was dragged but goood overall . my feeet still hurts 
@tabicat91 no la i just thought of that stupid sales girl at FEP! 
@tabithajames  its ok.  I will live doing my day job.  besides building computers is fun!
@tabithajames hey what would u suggest to help have clean pain free anal coz it hurts my girl when sometimes when we do it 
@tabithaKILLZ aww i'm sorry babe 
@tabithalavoie haha I dunno, but I just got a 2nd opinion (didnt believe 'mumps don't need antibiotics') &amp; 2nd dr. said its severe strep 
@tabitharose93 Ohhh lol. I have an exam last 
@TabithaSnow It's true... I don't have mad dollar sign eyes... I have sad eyes 
@tabithatay you should be online, because there's so much I want to tell you. 
@Tableteer no  #bacon
@tabloidfrenzy I've been right here 
@tabloidterror Oh s@#t me too... forgot all about it   Did u find out who left?
@tabloislove It's plaid. I want this white, flower-y dress but it was a lot.  The skirt looks like shit. So, I'm returning it.
@tabmiller missing you 
@tabulous I wanna go! But I'm getting my hair did until like 4 
@tabulous ugh I totally want but I'm broke til friday. 
@TabyCat74 13 so has yet to reach maturity even 
@TabyCat74 i know dammit  and phone even !!!  
@tacce Probably so, one of my neighbors tried to unlock our apt door the other day. But still, def freeeeeeaky. 
@TACH1 I'll be @ work so I'll have to get the update when I get off to receive the update 
@TackyxMutant DD tbs love makes my heart swell &lt;3 seriously underrated band 
@taco_bell why did you remove the 7-layer nachos 
@tacoman667 Not available in my area  I would too
@tacomel that sucks  you are proly pissed. Huh?
@tactix I want to be there 
@Tad1977  next time don't stay up so late! Yeah heard bout that awhile ago. Where have u been! Lol
@TaDahhh me too. This is getting bad. 
@TadahMom  I'm sorry. But... You prob come out cheaper. I wonder...
@tadbarker it happens to me after I havent done any endurance for 2-3 weeks, then do a big leading session. I cant get up the next mornin 
@taddgrandstaff Count you blessings!  We had to have the TEENS up by 0630 today!!! 
@Taddy69 @salandpepper nah, visiting @rogue_leader and @traceyspacey - so no raw fish?!?! dammit, I cant move here then 
@Taddy69 a friend has one (mark one) loves it I can't afford one got Nokia 5800 can internet tweet but can't dm or send emails boohoo 
@Taddy69 Flippin weather - was hoping to go out with my camera, but it's raining 
@Taddy69 I just have torrential rain 
@Taddy69 nooo- not big brother? I really can't stand it. 
@Taddy69 yes not my favourite of places but need to send some things out  sometimes there might not be anyone there so that is a good day!
@Tadness tad!  My brotha!  Where u been man??  I miss you 
@TadSetTheScene Poor Tad.  Can't live with out your gummy bears.
@Tae93luvswillie not a damn thing  A bitch is bored!!! What u doin?
@taeheckard L M A O. It was beyond devastating.  The draws, the music, the him... ridiculous 
@taeheckard stop showing the flicks??? Y? 
@TaeLuvsMusik ummmm, you gon gimme a prom pic right? you mad at me? 
@tag i've been told in no uncertain terms 'In the meantime, please donâ€™t; edit the text of the main themes.' 
@TagasEvents Thinking about you   We are so so SOOOOO Busy!!  Every weekend 4-5, NO break in site until Xmas    Ttysoooon ~
@tagliani- Where exactly on your website are you going to have the registration to win your sunglasses and stuff?  I can't find it 
@taguan Congrats! I wish I can say the same about mine 
@Tahiryjose I don't know about Joey but I kno I am  lol!
@TahliaBear ORRR Tahlia why are you crying 
@TahliaJade haha such a random thing for edward cullen to say.they should've put in &quot;breakfast time for the human&quot; that was my fave line 
@tahneewatson i dont know why 
@tahniaroberts Very much so. (sadly). Twitter is an avenue for some huge egos &amp; people who like the sound of their own twits 
@tahninial Its is poop related but not due to fear, I think I ate and drank too much rich food at Kito's last night 
@TahtiBlogger school is rubbish  cant wait for summer, it was well hot today i even sunbathed when i got home woo. Been up to much.... ?
@tai927 im desperate as for one, coz how my dad lost hes and all im not going to have any money 
@tai927 Noo! And I didnt know that, I wanted to go to  Ergh
@Taigitsune Thanks. I'm in a real mess right now.  Relationship issues. 
@Taijirich good luck with that 
@tailaur: saaaaaaame here! 
@TailExp trading it back on 
@tailsone beautiful June weekend, who wouldn't be in the mood for one? Too bad you're like, on the other side of the continent 
@taiQynchina I know.   Unfortunately every company is looking for profits and they all get greedy. Thought netflix was different though..
@TaiSaintBoogie I agree ... Please forgive me 
@TaiSaintBoogie Naw mamma! Tweeting/texting while driving is dangerous Period. May as well do your nails &amp; eat while your @ it. Not safe 
@TaiSaintBoogie twitter restriction is a must!  I'm currently making up for my lost day of productivity, at the computer 
@taishan88 hot weather and ciroc? I might just consider moving out there...this ny weather has been HORRIBLE 
@taishan88 im hating on you right now 
@taitaisanchez omg i know i am so sad 
@Taivins Oh no! Don't leave me!!!  Well I will see you soon. Best of luck at Chapel Hill! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
@tajexperience u..me...the fellas and some drinks...i got a heavy heart right now 
@tak_notice I'm sick too  so is valerie 
@TakaComics Ahhh  lol Im actually disappointed. XD Anyway, yeah it was for your update. She mentioning she had no penis XD
@TakashiFlash ooohhhhhh  what did cairon do?? my tv's packed away in boxes to be moved 
@takeabreathh hahha good luck with your exams..!! Hahha but my week will be a little bad because today I'm having my wisdom teeth remove 
@takearidewithme  lauren! I think you need to go to the er that really doesn't sound good at all
@takebrokenme  Poor u!  U had enough fluids &amp; salts?  Want to leave tomorrow then?
@takedat I miss U! I need my bestie right about now...   Plz call.
@takedat this twitter thing is interfering with my sleep  but ppl are interesting on here at 2 in the morning....hmm
@takehomemaui no tattoo for me.  my parents would KILLLLLLLLL me. you should get one, though!!!! it can be a belated bday gift to yourself
@takenbythe405 dangit, I wanna watch it to 
@takenbythe405 that doesnt sound very fun 
@takenbythe405 wtf I just had to get up for cross country practice 
@Takhisis_uk  Couldn't he do it instead? :/ I don't think I'd be able to do that for someone!
@taki_serbia I bet thats a dc hack again... remember we had it a few months back before AS DChack came in to fashion 
@takingnames And I would happily take Roo's, but I sadly won't be there. He'll have to kiss someone else 
@TakingStock  -- Really that is great, I appreciate it = ) I do not think he is on take either someone on stocktwits.com suggested that 
@TakinPitchas sorry to hear about the pup  Get well soon.
@takupunk Ouch sounds horrible  Ooh which one?
@talababes You're not moving to Manila? 
@TalentAgentLA  You will be sad to hear, but Lori leaves in 3 weeks for the NYC office, for good 
@TalentAgentLA unfort, i can't DM you b/c ur not following me 
@TALENTEDGENIU5 and that prob wont happen.... 
@TalentedTopStar I DIDNT DO THE DROPS FOR YOU... IM SORRY 
@talesfromthepit Exactly, I frowned when my British friends heard that on radio last night...and now, again, it's all over the world. 
@TalesOfSaku Oh man  Let me know when you have some free time after you come back &lt;3 I'll go over and help with anything ^^
@TalesOfSaku Very sorry to hear that.  Hope your grandmother recovers soon!
@taley @tattooeddad they never let us have overtime 
@TaliaRusso AAwwww that's nice!!  I had a crazy busy weekend with my parents party.....back to work tomorrow   lol
@talieshablackie nup  what was it?
@talihinaruth Oh Ruthie, thats heart breaking...  *hugs* xx
@Talikins except you use a computer? hahaha come to Sydney for a Shabbas! I never get company  haha we got the BEST challah here. ohmygosh
@talineee LMAO I know. twitter is so nooob 
@TaliRN nope! Johnny lost after day 1...  I may break tonight so keep your fingers crossed for me!!
@TaLisaDuhhh aww  it's raining hard as fuckk !
@TaLisaDuhhh i miss bein 18 
@TaLisaDuhhh you say fuck them w. a smiley face ? nooooo  lol
@TaLisaDuhhh you stopped followin me? 
@TaLisaWuzHere dnt tell them that, im finna b famous one day!! smh at u not watchin out for me 
@talishthedish I didn't even get invited 
@Talismarr *hugs* That seriously sucks hun 
@Talitaalves oow dear, i know but hey come here today \o/ amanda forgot it 
@TalitaDaros haha! I didnt watch it, I wanted to but I never got around to it. Is it really late there? Oh and i am doing practice exams 
@TaliyAllTimeLow acting stupid  hahahah i asked you and you just laughed, so, i left it at that!, hahah
@talk2donboy im wit u on the nike dunks and g shocks... i got banded from shoppin i bought 2 many 
@talk2donboy LOL well i'm qlad u enjoyed yur ramen noodles.. i had fried chicken  ..im tired now 
@talk2donboy what?! 
@Talk2jNYCe at least you HAVE RAIN. It hasn't rained here since May. I almost forgot how it felt like. 
@TalkBackWCPO oh goodie.  Haven't seen them yet and I'm still on a quarter of a tank.  Have they cleared 3 yet?? 
@talking_bird I remember you telling me that! Sadly there are no multi-coloured cows on this road 
@talkinguineapig *yawn* is it too late 4 fun picnic times?! 
@TalkingWithTami That's sad. Not good attendance? 
@TalkinPetsRadio I just got home and missed the show!   Miss you guys last week!  You guys are allowed a vacation? LOL
@talkmachine I feel sorry for you L  eating  packet mixes and all! How's the jebni back?
@talkmaster so sorry for your loss 
@Talkmaster Sorry to hear about your dog.  
@talkngpictures aw why haven't you been going  eww, its been sunny here haha.
@TalkNrdy2Me, it always spills over into the afternoons... I think everyones day is starting off crappy. 
@TalkNtours They should make all Mondays a holiday, we had one last Monday, gotta wait till end of Aug for the next one 
@talkradiohost Sadly No. Too expensive. Was able 2 go coz I was #3 on a list. I'm #4 today  I'll be watching w/ friends &amp; fam. GO LAKERS!
@talksquid  I just got your text. Text me when your awake
@talksquid My Dad's brother died.  Come cuddle me.
@TalkToQwest Already am following you, seems you aren't following me. Maybe that's why I can't DM. 
@TalkToQwest Hello Steph, my roommate has emailed you regarding our issues.  Subject was Steve. Our issues are ongoing 
@talktothewalls;  Sad I couldn't watch you sing dear.  First performance I missed from you.    Anyways, I got you something from KL!
@Tallas he's sick too, badd earache 
@tallazbubba not a lot! Catching up on french, pop into town for coffee and buy a few groceries. er, that's it. No social plans 
@Tallboy40 muhahaha... then again.. i liv in mk too 
@tallespin lol mine has always been broken 
@tallespin Ok I would, but no credits on sg 
@Tallis33 I've done yellowstone and tetons, which are fab...but all three are pretty much full for a last minute trip 
@TallulahRemiter Lu!!!! I'm reading the interview, but the text keeps overlapping for me 
@tallybear Very much so... 
@TalontedOne but andys awesome.  lol.
@talular MISSING U MORE GURL! sorry i didnt make it to yer house yesterday  seru yaaa?
@taluta How's your boy? (Hate me: if I got the gender wrong  and the weather. We're about to hit rain season here...it's getting humid
@taluta or should that be sincerely intended?!! Don't mind me, not typing much less thinking to cearly today. Sry 
@TamaBunny Yeah you can. Though the main reason I buy an autograph from them is to meet the actors themselves 
@TamaraBroitman I hope you get all the help you need to feel better soon  And if the 14th isn't good, that's cool. There's no rush 
@tamaraeden yep it's the one with no sign. 
@TamarahLand Hmm, probably closer to get to LV for me, but I just got back from a 2 week vacation and need to get to work tomorrow. 
@TamarAlsemgeest Tan priority ;) Well... I would guess entertaining us would be sheer fun and pleasure for you ;-) We..are..like..work? 
@tamarapagan pobre Rocinante  memorial service this Wednesday
@tamaraschilling @josephranseth I met to write that too bad I don't have FACEBOOK, my bad 
@TamaraSchilling unfortunately @AmericanWomannn is still in jail 
@tamarlevine Thwarted art student (i.e. the one who draws in Clinical Research class). Poor me. 
@Tamarzipan yout lucky  i fucking despise school rn lmfao.
@tamaslorincz @burcuakyol we had some techinical difficulties because the PCs in the lab were in Japanese  but it went all right.
@TamboManJoe Hey the message you sent me like 15 min ago got deleted....  Whats up with that?
@TamboManJoe i cant call you 
@TamboManJoe i had to work  - but on the plus side my brother got a puppy and she likes me - AND he named her Frankie I thought of y'all
@TamboManJoe I'd love to see you on tour again... But there's no date for Puerto Rico  Would you come back?
@TamboManJoe what exactly is wiffleball... we don't have such a thing over here in Australia  something along the lines of baseball!?
@tambourinequeen yes i believe they do, they'll even give you Milliondollarman cyborg eyeballs if you so wish! Was out of my price range 
@TamekaRaymond cmon I know ur a part cav owner but its over  18pts at half!
@TamekaRaymond I feel RUSHED!! I hate feeling like this because I always forget sumthing or screw sumthing up.  
@tameraclark Next time you're over at my house, grab the grill brush/charcoal herder. I sorta need that thing 
@tameraclark Oh. Uh. It shouldn't be 
@tameshad I'll be sure to call you soon! btw Masita leaves tomorrow 
@TamiCarney which ones. I have so many pics to work on and Just havent had the time. 
@tamichynn - what happened to your myspace?! Suddenly you're not on my friend list and when i searched u again &quot;We don't mess&quot; is gone!! 
@tamieelyn I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@tamiemaria just staying home, eating ice cream and watching movies  and you sweetheart?
@TamiFromMiami  Thanks!
@tamih    ... i will take that as a challenge #sadrakeshaker09
@TamiHozempa Our nearest Friendly's is in Orlando... about 1.5 hours away. 
@tamij Maybe he sacrificed himself for UR freedom.    *sniff*  #hhrs
@tamikajackson I will.  I am so sorry to hear that.   Our prayers are with you and your son.
@tamlet Until she leaves for India.  Today is our last day together. yay for the single life 
@Tamm Ooh, losing Buffy/Angel discs is no good at all!  
@TammarraC Think I might have trouble convincing BB to move  Plus i wouldn't know where abouts in Brissy to go!
@tammichel awww...I'm sorry  did they give you any indication how long it would take for the shots to make you feel better?
@tammielynne Pleased it's the weekend too. Don't think the weather is going to be that good here tho  What u doing this weekend?
twitter confussed, this is sad 
Twitter could be ruined   http://bit.ly/psZVD
twitter died around midnight for me  everyone's asleep(or at my house)!
Twitter distracted me &amp; I missed the whole of Great British Menu 
twitter does not let me change my background or picture 
twitter doesn't allow sending replies to yourself anymore. was a nice way to continue the previous tweet  SeesmicDesktop forbids it too.
twitter doesn't like me 
twitter doesn't like me tonight   #mmwanted
Twitter doesn't like well-structured, complex sentences.    (i.e., 140 characters isn't very long!)
Twitter doesn't seem to accept my new picture. 
Twitter doesn't want me to reply to people for some reason. 
Twitter down  well maybe not anymore.
twitter down again for 90 mins 
twitter fail here in NJ 
Twitter Fam what it do?? @midestini said I be wildin out on twitter so imma be quiet for a couple days!!!! 
Twitter for Facebook not working....... 
twitter from phone not working  have to go to online
TWITTER FUCKIN MAKES ME MAD I DONT GET IT  PLEASE HELP ME
Twitter gave me a virus  no comp for me until mon when i can go get it fixed so plz text me!
twitter gets boring n boring everyday!!!no star want 2 reply me,that sucks..well,WHATEVER !!!!!!! 
Twitter grader and mobile tweete are down.. 
twitter hacked 
Twitter Haiku: I wake up to see One hundred twentyseven Tweets... And none for me 
twitter has been getting pretty boring  thats sad (
Twitter has been less than entertaining today!!!!!!!!! 
Twitter has failed me once again... 
Twitter has finally been blocked in China  Guess it's a bit too much freedom of communication for the government to handle.
twitter has given me a headache 
Twitter has gone downhill. Good people like @AlexAllTimeLow @JackAllTimeLow @markhoppus and @mikegentile don't update as much 
Twitter has just raised my hopes and burnt them as i saw my number of followers going up but half of them are fake accounts 
Twitter has problem!?! I can't change my theme background, as well as the avatar... What's up?!? 
Twitter hasnt been too exciting to me,,,,,    hello anybody,lol
Twitter hate me 
Twitter hates me  I'm trying to upload a new display pic but it's just showing up as a broken image link. Sad day.
twitter hates me so.... what eve  
twitter hates me today 
Twitter hates me. I tried to tweet 2 hours ago, but it wouldn't post! 
twitter hates me. it's really upsetting  i think i'm about to burst into tears.
Why is everything hot&amp;cold, on&amp;off lately? 
Why is everything so expensive for motorbikes. That's another 300 quid gone 
Why is everything so hard sometimes????  To much sad things all at once  It's time something positive is about to happen...
Why is everything so sad nowadays? 
Why is facebook not allowing me to upload pics today? 
Why is February 8 months away? I want to be in Disney 
Why is finding a vintage Vinyl LP so hard and so darn expensive? 
why is FNB online banking always down when one wants to use it .. #fail 
Why is gas so high again?!? 
Why is Greys Anatomy so sad...........How am I going to live without Dr.Hunt for the next few months 
why is Harper's Island not on tonight? 
why is heidi always followed by ho in songs   no1 ever sings about a Heidi we ROCK!! â™« http://blip.fm/~8gna7
why is Ikea not open!! 
Why is illustrator so idiot UNFRIENDLY 
why is it 230 and im still awake 
why is it already monday?? that makes me sad 
Why is it already Sunday?! Where did the weekend go? 
Why is it always raining in Scotland?!!!! 
why is it always so cold in my bed  who wants to come snuggle? 
why is it always sooo nice during exam week?! 
Why is it always the people you love &amp; care bout most r the ones that end up hurting u the most?  Anor  fren's marriage  gone downhill 
Why is it chilly again? 
why is it cloudy? its supposed to be sunny and warm! 
Why is it cold and rainy? I thought it was summer 
WHY IS IT COLD IN JUNE! @_SweetP IT MAKES NO SENSE! 
why is it cold out? I thought I could put my winter coat away for good 
why is it Cream eggs are around all year, but seen as an Easter thing, when Easter eggs are only out round Easter 
Why is it every time I'm &quot;happy&quot;, something bad always happens? Am I cursed or something?  
why is it everytime i tidy ma room it only lasts a day an then gettin messy again  i have doin choresss
Why is it exboyfriends hve 2 verballyattack u everytme go on msn?? Come on we dnt even live in the same country anymore. get over it Ryan 
why is it i always end up sitting next to some f##king twit on the bus life's so unfair 
Why is it Javascript is not like riding a bike, if you dont do it for 6 months you lose your balance and fall off 
Why is it my luck the one time I speed in weeks a cop pulls me over! I have to take a freaking 4hr safety dring class on Friday 
Why is it not empire strikes back? 
Why is it only 3pm?  Ugh!  3 more hours of work!  
Why is it patch day everytime I am going to do something awesome? I was going to hit 80 today! I had video equipment and everything1 
Why is it rainiiiiing? It's supposed to be summer 
Why is it raining  don't want to get out of bed... But i have to.. Within an hour gonna get a workout
why is it raining on my day off? I wanted to do the garden and get a better suntan than my hubby whos away 
Thought she might be feeling better but took her temp and its higher than last night ???  sucks
thought she saw someone she used to know on here, but it's not him... 
thought stuffing myself with heaty food would help kill the cold, not! and i'm still hungry 
Thought tennis with Dad was 6:30-7'ish, no one is here! 
thought that her ROA last night was immense....i so didnt want it to end..sad times 
thought that I was avoiding a binge by having some soup, but it didn't work...gonna try to purge the crap that I shoved in my mouth 
thought that Kings of Leon and Glasvegas were actually amazing last night  too tired for school though 
Thought the boat stopped rockin...I was wrong 
thought the jazz concert was cool, but she had work today so she had to leave early 
Thought the new Transformer movie is out this week but it's not out untill next week. 
thought the nice weather was too good to last 
Thought the walk outside might wake me up. I was wrong.  Time to doze under my desk, I think.
thought this movie was supposed to be a comedy?! 
thought to have sunbathing today.... but now stuck to work.... 
thought twittering wa easy 
Thought we had a great retail space in Apex picked out...but there's a lease pending...back to searching for a location 
thought we had all the feas taken care of but the kitten has fleas.   Fixing that right now with flea bath
Thought we were on our way to a photo shoot, but the rain says different...  
Thought what I was feeling was REAL...but, just found out what I felt was just my imagination.Miss my boo, and so alone..feel so UPSET! 
thought work was insane yesterday 
thought you were stronger than that @electrikitty 
Thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by Air France Flight 447.......... 
Thoughts and prayers with Dr. Tiller's family and friends.  unreal. How can someone who is &quot;prolife&quot; shoot and kill a dr in a church.Jerk
thoughts and prayers with the families of the passangers and crew from the Air France plane that dissapeared today, leaving from Rio... 
Thoughts are w/ everyone in DC right now!  Stunned @ the metro accident 
thoughts are with all the AIR FRACE people who have been affected by the result it is just terrible 
thoughts are with families of air france flight 447 missing last night - this morning    Mondays........    sad  I hate airplanes
thoughts are with the people of Iran 
thoughts filling my head n cant fall asleep 
thoughts go out to all families who are waiting for news on the Air France vanishing plane 
thoughts go out to the families of flight AF477  let's hope it wasn't a terror attack....
Thoughts of High school is giving me social anxiety. How sad is that? 
Why is it raining so much 
Why is it raining sooooo much this is Miami  I think I need a boyfriend any suggestions ?
Why is it raining tomorrow night after it was sooo nice today?!  Guess I should be thankful that I was able to enjoy it at least.
why is it raining!!  noo i gotta go to timmies today!!
WHY is it raining?   Grrrr, no IPL then...  
why is it raining? i wanna goto the beach  oh well sill drinking just change of location.. now at @gauneyKAY's house, come partyyy
why is it raining? Noooooooooo! suppose to rain today and tomorrow. all freakin day too. I might have to cancel that hair appointment. 
Why is it raining?! I plan to go out of town next week! 
why is it raining??? 
WHY IS IT SNOWING AGAIN ?!      
Why is it snowing? 
Why is it so cloudy 
why is it so cold 
why is it so cold in june? 
Why is it so cold in texas? 
Why is it so cold this morning?  I'd planned to work from my pool today. Booo
why is it so colddd.  this isnt beach weather!
Why is it so crappy out? This weekend is going to be a boring weekend. 
Why is it so damn boring?!//headache.  http://plurk.com/p/13tkrj
Why is it so easy for me to take care of everyone else &amp; our house but I can't seem to take care of myself?! I know what had to be done! 
Why is it so freaking cold here?? I almost miss the Mississppi sun... 
why is it so gloomy outside  I don't like that
why is it so hard 2 play sassafras roots on bass   darn.... -_-
why is it so hard finding a job 
Why is it so hard for me to understand math? 
Why is it SO hard to find BB Bold case in miri?! Ugh. LAME! 
why is it so hard to find soy yogurt? We need Whole Foods in every town 
Why is it so hard to go to the gym on Saturday morning...but after huevos rancheros I gotta go 
Why is it so hard to have IT systems that work?... I just want to look at one page and my session is authenticated... NSW DET Portal 
Why is it so hard to pay your damn child support. I know how much money he makes. I'm not stupid. It's so effing unfair 
WHY IS IT SO HOT HERE  GRRRR
why is it SO hot outside? 
Why is it so hot tonight! And not got enough during the day! Can't sleep 
Why is it so hot!!!!! 
Why is it so hot-t-t-t?!!  Surprisingly Dude wants to cuddle.
why is it so rainyyy 
why is it so ridiculously hard to find a decent nude/peachy lip gloss that looks ok on me? sad 
Why is it so sunny on the days i have to stay inside and revise? 
why is it soo cold in australia nowadays! 
Why is it soo difficult for me to fall asleep before 2?? Matt's fucked up sleep schedule is now affecting me! 
Twitter hates my phone 
Twitter icon upload seems Farked! 
Twitter I'm bacc the berry died 
Twitter i'm sorry i neglect you 
Twitter is a place for thoughts..... LOL. I'm a dork. I wanna have a pool party... But u don't have a pool. 
Twitter is actin' too stupid! I been trying to tweet all night with no luck 
Twitter is acting weird  why...
twitter is acting weird it keeps booting me off. 
twitter is actually wack 
twitter is alright i guess.. finally finished the most boring paper EVER, and missed out on a joyous holiday  but im still not tired.
Twitter is becoming a depressing place bound to be sucked into a black hole. 
Twitter is becoming a spam jam 
Twitter is becoming wackk w.out my biffffel 
Twitter is being a twat 
Twitter is being dumb. I tweeted from my phone a couple times today but they never went thru... 
twitter is being mean 
TWITTER IS BEING STUPID TO ME!! 
Twitter is blocked on my new work system.  I won't be able to update as often anymore.
twitter is boring me.  goodbye
Twitter is crashy tonight. Keep getting gateway errors 
twitter is dead right now.  someone talk to me 
Twitter Is destroyed right now... 
Twitter is difficult 
Twitter is eerily quiet. Agreeing with @bytera that Twitter has effectively killed its discovery aspect, but replying would hide this. 
twitter is epically dying on me  summer!!! 
twitter is getting boring... i dnt like it anymore 
Twitter is getting full of spammer, it is very hard to find right person to share some time 
Twitter is giving me the impression that the opening number was as good as I thought it would be. 
Twitter is gonna be down at 4:00AM 
twitter is having down time? 
Twitter is jacked! It keeps deleting my picture. 
why is it soo quiet and i feel like 
why is it sooo cold  me don't likes it 
WHY IS IT SOOO HOT IN NJ ALREADY?! 
Why is it soooo COLD??? I don't want to get out of bed 
Why is it soooo coldddd in my rooom? 
why is it still raining? 
why is it still raining?  i like it and all, but seriously. i need sunshine.
why is it still raining?!  at least i have cute rainboots
Why is it suppose to rain everyday next week?!? 
Why is it that as soon as the weather is blazing hot I start to come down with a cold?! 
Why is it that during exams, the weather is great??? Missing out on the bbq tonight 
why is it that every time ESPN shows surfing i always catch the end of it then it never comes on again 
why is it that everyone i've ever cared about is suddenly leaving... i really don't want to have to make new friends... 
Why is it that everytime I go for a shower some comes to the house!! Am actualy going crazy there is a buzzin noise in my ears 
Why is it that everytime I go to McDonalds to get a SMALL breakfast, I always end up with a stomach ache?  It was just a sausage biscuit. 
why is it that everytime i turn right i can never seem to find your arms  
why is it that everytime the sun comes out i'm stuck inside working 
Why is it that Firefox and the Internet in general seem to have a personal vendetta against me? It really hurts sometimes... 
Why is it that I always have interesting conversations with friends during the day n' then when I go to Tweet, I can never remember. 
why is it that i can't sleep in on the weekends?????  
why is it that i feel like i get sick every summer...  allergies?! wishing i was better... sball tmr @ carroll sports complex :p
why is it that I freak out when my room is messy, but I'm too lazy to clean it? then i feel all unorganized &amp; shitty 
Why is it that I have 46 followers, none of whom acknowledge me? 
Why is it that i try to adapt new stuff from Microsoft only to be disappointed? I try to use Bing inside Visual Studio only to get errors 
why is it that my family will always take my little sister places without me but never me without her  is a bit sad really
Why is it that my myspace music player doesn't work? Does anybody know? I want to hear all this great music 
Why is it that people act like 12 year olds with other people? The Night was going fine till now 
why is it that people who abuse the power to get narcotics fuck it up for people who actually need them  wish there was a vicodin fairy.
Why is it that the throat is always the first to go when a singer is sick?? 
Why is it that the weather is fantastic all week just in time for rain all weekend? 
why is it that there are so few people online nowadays 
Why is it that Virgin Mobile don't have more appealing handsets? My contract is almost up and i want a sexy phone 
why is it that when i bite my tongue it is never okay. Its always violent and bloody.. ouch 
twitter is kinda weird 
twitter is my only friend now  gosh i sound pathetic. HAHA. but yeah, boreeed. can't sleep 
twitter is not conducive to comedy gold 
Twitter is not facebook. For the sake of my boredom, please keep the updates different 
twitter is not sending all received tweets to my phone  how do I find TwitterBerry??
Twitter is not showing all the pictures of peoples defaults or pics they post 
twitter is not showing my pictures  it's very aggravating!
twitter is not study 
twitter is not working properly on my phone  + I've just realised i've only got 3wks till my major assignments are due fuckkk
Twitter is on the news 
twitter is pertyy boringg 
Twitter is pissin' me off...won't let me unfollow these fools! 
twitter is playing up it won't let me sort my picture out, boo hoo 
twitter is quiet tonight... 
Twitter is quite tonight. Oh it's cause people have lives! I hate friday nights in the house 
Twitter is so confusing 
Twitter is so confusing i wish i knew what i was doing!?!? 
twitter is so odd....i dont get it 
Twitter is so quiet today 
Twitter is so quiet. Tumblr is so quiet. What happened to the Internet 
Twitter is so stupid!..instead of increasing my followers its decreasing it!...so dumb! 
Twitter is sooo confusing..Does any1 no y its not lettin me upload a photo? Maths exam 2moro..Oh well 
Twitter is still &quot;Unfollowing&quot; people ~ 
Twitter is still down for me  [pic] http://ff.im/-49HVM
twitter is still the ONLY thing that the internet is fully loading. No facebook or DA messages.  Still hurting... my body hurrrtts T_T
Twitter is still using my old username not my new one and I stiill can't change it back 
twitter is the worst drug EVER, with Facebook! i have to back to work 
TWITTER IS TRIPPN/WHAT HAPPENED TO MY PICTURE? 
twitter is turning into myspace with all of these nasty skanks &quot;following&quot; me to advertise their dirty sites. blech. 
twitter is very quiet today. it's not funny 
Twitter isn't appearing in my blog! 
twitter isn't updating my profile or pics 
Twitter- it's a Friday night I feel like I should be doing something. But I'm so pooped! Bad day at work 
Twitter just got blocked at work....  
Twitter just said the saddest thing to me, &quot;you cannot follow yourself&quot; 
Twitter keep crashing 
twitter keep me up.. i couldn't sleep. wish someone would call me.. 
twitter keeps making me refresh it. it's not making me happy 
Twitter limit exceeded? 
twitter loves ive missed uu guys lots 
twitter maintenance any minute now  hope they really FIX it
twitter makes me miss my hendersons 
twitter makes my head hurt!     and my trust issues flare up!
twitter me this twitter me that....hehehe....utica college is suckin major butt right now  gimme sum money why wont u!!!
Twitter must do something with the DM box. It's awful &amp; horrible &amp; terrifying  now I have to go over 2,873 DMs and erase 1 by 1 ooooooFFFF
twitter no fun!  
Twitter not attracting Gen Y'ers like socnets. bt y???? i real nt getting this.   
Twitter not working well with Google Chrome...damn 
TWITTER OH MAN!ALWAYS GOT PROBLEMS!LOOK AT MA UGLY PINK BACKGROUN.ALL OF A SUDDN MA BCKGROUND WUZ PINK!AND TWITTER CANT SAVE MY CHANGES! 
Twitter on iPhone: tweetie = functional and stable. Twitterfon = pretty but crashes. Neither allow profile picture changes 
Twitter open but nothing to tweet,no reply,nothing.I'm feel lonely 
twitter peeps are great, also got my ass handed to me in smash bros tonight.  too much TF2 makes me forget other stuff.
TWITTER PEOPLE! How come I don't show up in the &quot;Find People&quot;?  Please assist!
Twitter pic still not working, sigh 
twitter poppin today lol... sonia act like she cant speak  its all good thou, i feel the love
Twitter really doesn't like me changing my user pics. Goes spaztic and says I don't exist. 
Twitter really is losing it's &quot;New Car Smell&quot; 
Twitter says I can't refresh anymore  I have to wait an hour ! ekkkk
Twitter seems very quiet this morning. Really need to #fixreplies i think. (via @RJay45) &lt;=&gt; totally agree there 
Twitter seriously, SERIOUSLY dropped the ball here with my RoxieRavenclaw account. I'm so mad and sad about this. 
Twitter should really get a spam filter for DMÂ´s 
twitter spoiled the survivor finale for me... now I know who wins!  
twitter starting to get boring 
Twitter still haven't sorted the photo problem though 
Twitter still says no 
twitter still trippin 
Twitter stinks tonight. 
twitter sucks 
Twitter tÃ¡ virando modaa...hahaha! NinguÃ©m merece 
Twitter tells me I have 21 followers.. why can I only see 8 of you?! 
twitter time =D .. &quot;...sick atm  ahhhh... i wish i could sleep for another 5 hours.. that'll be good, oh, and well done to ryan goding :S&quot;
Twitter took my picture away 
Twitter twitter, sun is shining and I'm headin t work 
Twitter twitter...I'm bored 
twitter u messed with the wrong person denisefarabee is a real person ulike some of the fake asss on this site i loved twitter now idk 
Twitter u suck  !!
Twitter user is entered in another country 
Twitter w/o twitterbones drama is like box of milk chocolate. You always know what you gonna get 
Twitter was acting dumb so I had to get a new one 
Twitter was borked 
TWITTER WILL BE DOWN FOR 1 HOUR IN 15 MINUTES (23:00 CET)!  #iranelection
Twitter will be down soon.  
Twitter will be down tonight for 90 min. for maintenance beginning 9:45 Pacific. That sucks.  LOL http://tinyurl.com/m2ypma
Twitter withdraw finally over.. Welcome back twitter. My Friday night friend. 
Twitter wont even let me upload a piccy 
Twitter won't give me a verification code for my mobile device!  [[Satisfaction]: All topics for Twitter - Rec.. http://bit.ly/14809T
twitter won't let me change my background 
twitter won't let me change my background image  siighhhh
Twitter wont let me change my photo!  x
Twitter won't let me change my picture   X.
Twitter won't let me change my picture  I Dont like this one
Twitter wont let me change my picture! Huhu 
twitter wont let me change my picture!!! Grrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!   
twitter won't let me change my picture. I'm a little sad 
Twitter wont let me fix my background  makes me sad man !
Twitter wont let me make friends 
twitter wont let me put a new pic up 
Twitter won't let me update my photo 
Twitter won't let me update my profile. 
twitter wont let me upload a photo 
twitter wont let me upload a photo  .... oh well I guess I shall have uneven eyes and a flat unenthuisiastic mouth forever o_O
Twitter won't let me upload my Pearls Before Swine picture. 
twitter wont let me upload my picc psssh! 
Twitter wont open on my computer 
twitter won't sms to my phone 
twitter won't upload my new profile pic 
twitter wont work from my phone 
Twitter wont work right for me 
twitter wouldnt let me upload a profile picture 
TWITTER! Aw damn what's up with my eye 
twitter! i feel like im running away from you, forgive me? 
TWITTER, How I miss thou. EQAO starts tomorrow. 
twitter, i cannot sleep.  i have to wake up for work in 6 hours. 
Twitter, i miss you. I havent gone on since like 1 cuz my sister took the laptop to a friends. I think i just might die 
Twitter, my tummy hurts  No more greasy food.
twitter, won't you allow me to change my photo? 
Twitter,i don't hate you  I'm sorry hahaha &lt;333
Twitter....why have you eaten my new picture? 
twitter...seriously has the dick...so boring  soz tweeties
why is it that when i chew on a gumball, it severely hurts my left temple ?! 
why is it that when I get a headache it doesn't go away for dayyyys? uugh 
why is it that when i go on twitter no one else is on! so i am just reading my own updates.... 
Why is it that when the kids borrow things they go missing such as 1 tent and 2 sleeping bags I need for tomorrow 
Why is it that when the weather changes to nice for a few days, I always end up with 'Spring Fever' or something? This sucks. 
Why is it that when you don have a job there aint a job in sight! But when your employed your hit up from every angle! I NEED A JOB! 
Why is it that whenever I even talk to another guy I feel like I'm cheating on him? We're not even together! Ugh. 
why is it that you always have the perfect hair when no one else is around to appreciate it?  my curls are *just* right right now.  
why is it the older i'm getting the longer i need to get over things 2 nights with no sleep never used to bother me.. 
Why is it the only wwdc sessions I really want to attend are during other sessions I really want to attend?! iokit and kext sessions 
Why is it when I go to work at 2.30am do I think it will be a nice day and take camera to find by 9.00am it's cloudy and drizzly 
why is it when I seriously wanna go to sleep I always have too much on my mind to sleep 
Why is it when I want a Chick-fil-a shake its on Sunday when they r closed. 
why is it when it's unny, it's windy too?  can't go to the beach now &lt;/3
why is it when the sun is shining i have to go to band practice 
Why is it when you have a cold you can't sleep cos your all blocked up 
why is it, i`m getting bored now on twitter? but last week, i was a twitteraddict 
why is love so confusing (u) 
Why is mms still not working on my damn iPhone 
why is my avi gone??? 
why is my dad so grumpy ?? off I church.... school again tomorrow 
Why is my dead week so busy 
why is my debit card acting like a spoiled credit card? 
Why is my dojo build not properly interning the locale stuff i set via localeList? 
Why is my family so negative towards me? 
why is my hair always in my drink 
Why is my internet connection so slow tonight?!  I AM OUTRAGED!!!  And hungry!  
Why is my internet so bloooooooody slow!!! Can't do a thing 
why is my ipod jumping? 
Why is my life soooo boring??    I wish something really good would happen for once !!! 
WHY IS MY MACBOOK GOING SOOOOOOOOO SLOW!?!!? someone fix it  blahhh
WHY IS MY MSN NOT WORKING!!!??       0_0    :o
why is my natural hair so much more RiDiCUL0US than the relaxed part? this growing out process is AWFUL. 
Twitter::  Just got back from the social studies exam. it was hard   But i'm still guatenteed to pass! 
twitterberry hardly ever lets me add pictures 
twitterberry just won't send the pic to twitpic 
Twitterberry not responding  BUT mobile net fine! Off to a meeting in the city for AMF. Not ready to get back to my life so soon! miss l.a
Twitterfeed: The most frequent cause of me unfollowing people. 
Twitterfon blocked me tonight  well i suppose i got away with two days without bein blocked
Twitterfon is making me save everything as a favorite and its pissing me off........ 
TwitterFon isn't working properly this morning.  was going to download tweetie but all reviews say it has been buggy this past week.
Twitterfon just doesn't appear to be working for me today. 
Twitterfon keeps crushing dunno why.. Is it only me?? 
Twitterfon now with commercials 
twitterfox isnt working  neither is facebook. ugh my internet is such a fail whale. i'm watching skins though, so it's not all bad.
Twitterfox keeps crashing my browser when I try to switch accounts! 
Twitteriffic is being weird... 
twitterific (free) has not propagated the updated version to my iPhone yet 
Twitterific is all screwed up on my phone 
Twitterific isn't working. 
Twitterific seems to be being a shit head    http://bit.ly/5kDld
Twitterific wasn't working 4 me all wknd. 2 photo shoots, 2 bday parties, 1 trip 2 EB, 1 piccino brunch, 1 DVD, 1 slocombe treat. Flew by 
Twitterific, why did you stop working on my phone 
twittering first time in 27 years, bleh. feeling sick   gonna do some homework.
Twittering has bin very boring these last days. No one to tweet to 
twittering now became inevitable  ... long time...
twittering on my iPod touch cuz my computer is not working 
Twitterinq is not 4 me Son ; no followers  qunna stick to my myspace &amp; aim . lol
Twitter-less day today. Crapberry had a nervous breakdown this morning.  Back home now.
Twitterlulu peeps: Help! Anybody know where I can locally service an HP color laser printer? I've got color registration issues. 
Twitterrific is suffered from the Twitpocolypse 
twitterrific. NO 
Twitters all broken  Bah humbug. How am I meant to talk to ma girls when you're BROKEN????
twitter's been a bit quiet today  boring! ahahh.
twitters caching is not perfect, displays new direct message status as &quot;1&quot;, even after i read/deleted it 
twitters getting better, i feel like shit but 
Twitter's going to be down for an hour... in an hour!  What will we do???
Twitters has been deserted 
twitters I WAS I SUCH A F'D UP MOOD BUT NOW THAT I HAVE FINISHED MY SECOND ASSIGNMENT I FEEL BETTER!! 3 TEST TO GO!!! 
Twitter's nor playing nice with me tonight. Uh oh ... am I really too dumb to use this wonderful service? 
Twitters rlly slow...  bbl!
Twitterspam:someone becomes your follower and you return it as a courtesy. Then you get removed and spammed 10 times a day with plain ads 
twitterverse, I bid you a fond weekend. I'm out of town until sunday night. Also, 12 year anniversary is Sunday.                 I'm Old. 
Twitterville what's the deal! I hope everyone is chillin this morning.  One more day of the bus.  Car is fixed.  $650! Ouch 
Why is my nurse so mean? 
Why is my phone such a piece? It always freezes and deletes Everything! Just wooorrkk!!! 
why is my playcount on lastfm all wrong 
Why is my Saturdays gig so far away  *wants the merchandise more than some of my own family members*
Why is my stupid phone saying I have a message! I have checked every possible location 
why is my twitter account being so quiet?  does it not like me anymore?? 
Why is MySpace IM being lameee. 
Why is no one at blvd? 
Why is no one awake. 
why is no one in twitter?? 
Why is no one replying to my messages?  
why is no one twittering about me 
why is nobody hiring??  going to make smores on my gas stove &lt;3
why is nobody tweeting i need more interesting people to follow 
why is one of my dad's favorite songs the ONE song I hate? 
Why is Parallels always hanging with Win 7? Sigh.  Can't wait for official support.
Why is Prince Harry in the city for only two days?   Must find another way to become royalty..
Why is Russy's lip STILL ashy ! I don't get it  Instead of buying him a new Nintendo DS each time he breaks it, they need to buy VASELINE
why is ryan reynolds married? 
why is seeing someone, but being so far apart so harrrrd?  skype...  you are a gift and a curse.  
Why is shakespeare GCSE work so hard for me 
why is shaq on the cavs?? one more reason for Lebron not to be in a Knicks uniform 
why is sleep so evasive? I can't turn my brain off! The subject if my nightmares is front and center in my mind!  GRR
Why is SNL not new?  And this ring I bought today is turning my finger green. And now I have 2 prom dresses and can't return either.  
Why is so dry? I still cant find my bud 
Why is so freakin' hot right now?! It's almost 11, it's not supposed to be near 70 degrees! 
why is so hot in this apartment 
why is Stockholm so quiet 
why is Sunday here already? wtf? where did my weekend go? 
why is teevee a load of bunk these days 
why is that the car i want everyone wants 
why is that when I sit here and listen to music my mind thinks about too many things and then I get lost completely 
why is that when you feel someone? they don feel for you back...  i hate feelings man
Why is the BlackBerry Pearl the only one I can find in pink?! 
why is the Diet Coke always gone?! I am now choking down a Pepsi 
Why is the Dodgers game blacked out for my on MLBatBat?  I'm in freaking Canada??  Sort it out MLB 
Why is the hospital waiting room packed at 3 in the afternoon? I probably should have eaten before checking myself in 
why is the internet so crap here  
Twitting from my bedroom on my labtop while watching the hills season finale and L.C.'s Last episode ever 
twittter #F1 #ferrari 3 races and no points.. somebody gotta help ferrari... 
Twit-twooo: been trying to put up my new tat pic bt it keeps crashin my Bella  I'll try agen later!
Two bowls of noddles later, I'm not feeling so great 
Two car accidents in one day. What are the chances? 
two day hang over! I think so 
Two days ago I spent an hour organizing my apps on my iPod. They're now restoring back to my iPod - in alphabetical order. Sheesh! 
two days of rain... yeah, it's beautiful... but so boring 
Two days off and it's only going to rain 
Two days without talking and its KILLING me 
two doubles by the phillies in a west coast game but no runs yet 
two exams today. Sounds fun  I won't be able to concentrate
two finals and a paper due tomorrow = no dollar drinks tonight   depressing.
two finals today on my worst subjects  wish me luck
Two games today and I only got one at bat 
Two halogen bulbs have blown in the living room this pm, &amp; they are not easy to replace. If only I was an MP with an expense account 
Why is the left side of my face so itchy? 
why is the line up for bamboozle so fucking amazing, EVERY year! I'm living in the wrong place 
Why is the 'Mark All As Read' button, in #NetNewsWire, on the right. So far away from where my mouse most of the time is. 
WHY is the picture Gi tweeted of Marvin not showing up?  I wanted to save it.
Why is the SFV becoming so violent. 
why is the there a traffic backup on my side of I-Drive?  This is supposed to be the quiet side.  
why is the train late 
Why is the weekend over already?  I so feel like I have limited fun time...damn health issues
Why is the wireless so slow today 
Why is the wkend over?!?  Such a good one 
Why Is There Bitchiness Because TBH We Have One Life And It's wasted If Everyone Is Being Bitchy 
why is there never any good tv on bank holidays? no This Morning or Loose Women 
why is there no audio in my videos?  here we go again
Why is there no live tv on my iPhone 
Why is there no milk in the house  Sad times, I can't get no cereal (((sheds a tear)))
why is there so much hatred 
Why is there such a freakin long break for the finals!! No bball drivin me insane 
Why is there such a sense of entitlement in our community? People want everything for cheap or free but expect the highest quality.  2me.
why is this blerry country sahoooeee behind? it sucks. 
why is this english homework so hard  i seem to be getting nowhere
Why is today such a weird day? 
why is tweet deck so gay?! Wont let me tweet and deletes them  I have internet and keeps tellign me it cant load because i dnt which i do!
why is tweetdeck not working anymore?? I am confused 
Why is tweetdeck not working for me 
Why is twitter always doing maintenance when I want to twitter ? 
Why is Twitter not letting me follow some people back..... 
Why is twitter so quiet tonight? 
why is work so boring? 
why is writing songs soo hard?!?!? 
Why is www.apnacircle.com spamming me, that too on my official ID...9 emails in 2 hours without Unsubscribing option...grrrrrrrrrrrrr 
why isn't #onthelow trending?  we need to build an #onthelow army!
Why isn't anybody answering their phone? 
why isnt anybody talking 
why isnt anyone twittering anymore?  lol
why isn't BumpTop out for Mac yet? 
why isn't encodeURI() implemented for xpages - arrrhhhh 
Why isn't Goodreads loading?! 
Why isn't harry judd using twittwer    il est gÃ©nial!!!
Two hours kneading and rolling fresh pasta at the behest of the kids, then one kid refuses to eat the sauce. 
Two hours late for school. Guess gotta go for make up again 
two hours now spent waiting for the Bosch service person...Only two hours left  Have geeked, cleaned, laundried, shaved, played...
two hours of golf in the rain cost me 5 hours of BB reloading and totally wiped out data  need to load all contact again. why me God!
two hours of non stop tennis = dead nick, when i say non stop..ITS NON STOP 
Two hours til church (: And I have to go now 
two hours til dug gets here...we can'y look @ my vespa though because the guy is out of town 
Two hours until I find out when I can leave. 
Two less. 
Two minutes to my break yaaay, but alas... no Toast.. 
two more days of missing the wifey... 
Two more days of work experience dont want it to end 
two more exams to go... Now the most difficult one... 
Two more friends passed away w pulmonary hypertension. God, I can't stand it. My &lt;3 = breaking. One was 20 years old.  http://bit.ly/3gHEM
two more hours of work! i cant wait to go home 
Two more hours. 
Two more pattern repeats to go! I could do it, but I really need sleep 
Two more problems til I'm (kinda) done with homework! Unfortunately, next week's is already waiting for me. 
Two more sleeps till I see The Getaway Plan on Saturday. Sucks this the last time they will be playing ever. 
Why isn't it friday! It feels like it 
why isn't it the end of september now?i want this apartment so bad!  http://pittsburgh.craigslist.org/apa/1218525180.html
why isn't Monkey Island: Special Edition getting released on PS3?     http://bit.ly/LVvdo
Why isn't my air conditioning working  I feel like I am melting!
why isnt my food hereeeeee :| i want my fooddddddddddddddddddddddddddd  x
Why isnt Painyboi following me? 
Why isn't Sherman letting me change my picture??  
why isnt spongebob on 
Why isnt the morning light coming to the east coast? 
why isn't the sun out? 
why isn't there basketball on tonight???! what's the sports programming tonight? there's no reason to stay in with nothing to watch 
Why isn't this working 
Why isn't Toy Story 3 out for another year? I got excited when it said June 18th, then it said 2010  WOTTTTT
Why isn't twhirl (and/or twitter) making my url's tiny? 
why isn't twitter so fast on my psp? 
why isn't twitter the same without mcguys in brazil? 
Why it has to be so warm  I miss air conditioning
Why it is so hard to buy an 8ft blind 
Why it often rains in the evening, why not during the day? 
Why it says from web? What happened to my twitterberry 
why it sucks to be moving at the beginning of summer as opposed to the end of it-missing awesome bands like @princetonmusic  
why it took sooooooooooooooooooo loooooooooooooooong 
why it's raining? i wanted to go out 
Why live bugs?!? Why make them eat live bugs?!? Poor buggys 
why luke worral doesnt have twitter? 
why make lip-gloss that's gonna be sticky so you can't, like, kiss people, or drink out of glasses? At least no animal suffered for this 
Why make plans to go to sixflags when I know ill be scared to ride.... Do I just wanna waste my money?  I should buy nu ipod instead rite?
why me 
why mexican flu???  that is so cruel
Why Miley Cyrus  unfollowing Selena and Taylor? , So Bad!! 
why must all my blog readers too smart to click on the ads? 
why must an earthquake happen when I'm playing tennis?  wished i experienced it *pout*
Why must bumper stickers hurt me so? 
Why must fins1613 ruin my life so? 
Why must government offices have such odd hours. Does it really help anyone. I guess i'll have to suck it up and make time on monday. 
Why must I be sick during summer time? How does this even happen? Ugh.  this is making for a long day.. =/
two MRIs tommorrow +++ two shoulder injections= 
two nights in a row past midnight. bad idea 
Two nights in a row. Makes me ----&gt; 
Two oral exams 2day... I don't wannaaaaa!!!!! Cauz I can't,I just can't! 
two pairs of shoes and two tops. funny how I always 'feel' the need to shop, yet I also 'feel' the guilt so badly after 
Two people came in and had their cats put to sleep, it was really sad, I wanted to cry with them 
two people got shot in our town within 3 days 
Two rainstorms and not even a single coin appeared, let alone bugs. 
Two robbers stoled our mobile phone 
two silverlight apps each with their own webservice attached on one host, working one day now not working.  WCF setup is confusing me 
two softball games last night. horrible 
TWO study abroad possibilities in New Zealand in the same summer?!? Oh my gosh, this is great.. but.. how will I pay for them? 
Two tests today 
Two tests tommorrow not looking forward to them 
TWO tests tomorrow! yikes. 
Two things I wish I could do today: see the hangover or see star trek again. Remind me again why money can't just grow on trees 
Two things to cry about. #1 My internet is so slow. #2 My water bottle is empty 
why must ice caps be 160 calories  its a SMALL! just a little? PLS! URGH FINE ... BUT THEY TASTE SO DAMN GOOD ..  WORK OUT IN FULL EFFECT
Why must it be cloudy? I can't get up early without the sun raping me  (although I did wake up at 6:30)
Why must it be windy and threaten to rain when I'm ready to go out for my run? 
why must love be so painful? 
why must my dreams take the piss outta me???  tekken 5 for 1.99 &amp; then I wake up?!!?!   
why must my mom be so angsty and whiny SOB she looks like a little kid 
WHY MUST PHOENIX BE SOLD OUT?!... Makes @pragmaticloveme and I very sad 
why must The Asmodians ladies wear shoes ...? 
why must the internet explode into abortion wank? 
Why must the weekends go by so fast?? I just wanna enjoy summer. Not just work 
WHY must the weekends go so fast??? 
why must there still be 6 month until new moon ? 
Why must these things happen a day before the big event?!?! 
Why must this episode NCIS be so sad? 
Why must twitter and myspace be so addictive, no room for studying 
Why must we be out of bacon? I never even got any 
Why must we wait until 3pm for OS 3.0? I've been checking since midnight 
Why must you talk to me? Better question. Why can't I just ignore you and dismiss you from my life? 
Why no PC love? I'd buy it in an instant if I could  #e3bl
why nobody follow me 
why nobody want's to twit with me? C'm on,I'm sooo bored,it's 4 degrees outside and I must stay in 
Why NOT to leave you car parked on the street 
why not we just sleep when we don't have anything to do? 
Why not!  @MulattoDREAM
Why nowbody is in Twitter ? 
why o why do i drink? and why does it hate me so much!!!! 
why o why do i have to go to work 
Why o why doesn't Stephenie finish Midnight Sun??  I want it so badly! @ reading the twilight saga for the ???? time
Why oh why am I awake 
Why oh why am I unable to open links on the bb with opera mini 
why oh why are there people in the world like that................... 
Why oh why can't I find out what the beautiful perc instr x stained glass window thingy is called, and where I bought it!? Stupid web 
Why oh why did I wake up at quarter to eight? 
why oh why do I have so much homework? 
why oh why do my children keep waking up at 5:30am? Its still dark out! 
why oh why does my sharp &amp; perfect artwork look horribly fuzzy when uploaded to vistaprint? 
Why oh why must it rain even harder 
Why oh why must the chinese food restaurants near my hotel all be closed 
why oh why oh why 
Why on earth am i awake this early?!... Oh yeah...school.  im too tired for school!
Why on earth am i up soo early 
Why on Earth do I ever think that &quot;a little frozen yogurt&quot; will do the trick 
why on earth is my brother playing his guitar so early!? can't get back to sleep now  morning twitter x
Why on earth r ppl up @this ungodly hour and sitting on a train! I can't think of nothing but my bed   http://myloc.me/4C3V
why only 10,000 limited release? do they seriously think he is not going to sell much 
Why phone, why did the water kill you today?  Ugh, I can't wait until tomorrow.  I need my phone now 
Why Prototype &gt; Infamous  http://tinyurl.com/mdgs2y  it arrived in our office today but I had to let the other guys play until I get back 
why r dreams so fucked up @shanedawson it scares me sometimes 
Why r my twitpics disappearing? Sent some amazing photos yday  http://twitpic.com/6bjzl
Why r we feeling the long-distance strain so much this time when we've never had such a short drive between us?  I miss my precious beau.
WHY Rafa, WHY? Last year was so great, and now it seems you can't catch a break 
Why relationships have to be so stressful... I have no idea. It's times like these that I miss being a little kid. No relationships. Ugh. 
WHY SO BOILING!? Gotta make a start on my PB disc today 
Why so glpmmy today sky ? 
Why so many tourists today  in Clinton http://loopt.us/WuiLlw.t
Why so much rain?!?!  Such a gloomy Monday!
why so sad ? 
Why somebody shouts at you when you've done something really nice for this person? ... 
Why still feel sleepy 
why still hot! 
Why tge fuck am i In a seafood buffet when I'm allergic to seafood  puffy&amp;deform lips
Why that Airbus??Soo sad\ 
Why that face? It's so scawy 
why the **** can't i login in on my twitter account on multiple pc's? it's really starting to piss me off. 
why the ef is my cell bill so high... shyyyyyyyyt   xx
why the eff are you always looking at me like that? 
why the f*ck can't i sleep?! 
why the famous people doesnt have time chating with theirs fans ?  feel sad bout it.
why the feck am i still up ? 
Why the fuck am I almost at college? I have over 40 mins to wait  I'm such a dumb arse
why the fuck am I up this early. not impressed, I want my bed 
WHY THE FUCK ARE THEY CENSORING IT [dramz] It's just not the same 
Why the fuck can't I be over this ??? I feel like crying bit I realy don't want to  why is this bothering me sooooooo much !?
Why the fuck did I just watch Alex Wong's elimination again?    
Why the fuck do I only sleep for about seven minuets? Leaving Las Vegas today.  http://myloc.me/2bxp
WHY THE FUCK DOES THIS LITTLE GIRL HAVE ON A WINTER JACKET??? IT IS HOT AS SATANS ASS OUTSIDE!! POOR BABY 
two thumbs way down for the HTC Touch Pro 
Two tickets to  Wimbledon and a clash of diaries, some how I think SW8 is going to lose, (swearing Gordon Ramsey style) off to ebay 
two to fire up the blues    http://bit.ly/zVJjU     http://bit.ly/Nt35p
Two toddlers transitioning into different daycare rooms = extreme crabbiness @ home 
Two tourists on the skyrrain from Hawaii I can tell based on their clothes. I miss Hawaii 
Two vicious pitbulls attacked and killed my pigme goats yesterday...R.I.P. Bertie and Meridian 
Two weeks in a row now... Sounders lost 2-0 
two weeks into the course and ... ugh  Let's hope I can turn it around, else I can forget graduating in this Fall.  boohooooo
Two weeks left.  Students exams are starting this morning, which means an overload on marking. 
Two Whole Exams Tomorrow :'( History And French OH THE JOY 
two wings came in a row on a weekend doesn't make Monday mornings very much fun  I am living in the RockStar energy drink.
Two Worlds Collide, one of my most favorite songs. But I don't have anyone to dedicate it to.  HAHAHAH.
Twooosh.....and y the eff isn't my pic showing up? 
twt.fm has no delete function! Hate sites without it. @twtfm, You should warn about it! 
tx @olive_johnson my darling petey is white w/brindle. she just turned 14! &amp; lives in ny w/her great new mom, i miss her  i'm mobile too
TXT &quot;KIRK&quot; to 41414. (Don't ask me what it does, Sprint users can't enter  #StarTrek
Txt received from O2 http://yfrog.com/5bdwbhj With due respect @O2, this simply isn't good or quickly enough. An unsatisfied customer 
Why the fuck is he doing this? 
why the FUCK is it so cold in here 
why the fuck is my phone dying already? have not used it that much today 
why the fuck won't my picture upload 
why the fuckkk does xbox live have to be down today  fml. I guess I'm gonna do something trashy like eat vicodin and dl monday night raw.
why the fuk did someone steal my phone tonight! im sooo upset! 
Why the heck am I getting all this spam from my gmail? It used to do an awesome job of sorting spam from the good stuff. 
why the heck is it soooo hot for?!?!  
WHY THE HELL AM I RETAINING WATER TODAY?!?!?!?  
why the hell am I seriously sitting at home all by myself on a saturday night 
Why the hell am I so tired!!!  I need some apple juice haha
Why the hell am i watching hsm3??? theres nothing on tv 
Why the hell did I decide to take the camera off the tripod during that part? Ugh shaky cam  And the other camera had a bad angle 
Why the hell do I even bother? I try to be nice. I care about people I don't even know and then they treat me like crap. What the hell? 
why the hell does it rain just after i put the washing out 
Why the hell is FB running so slow?? I just don't understand. Like, its been this way for a week now. This is really blowin me 
why the hell is it always raining!! 
why the hell is it snowing 
why the hell is my address book typing in arabic? i don't know how to change it. 
Why the hell is my internet so slow again. 
Why the hell is there no more footage of Final Fantasy Versus XIII? 
Why the hell was I kicked out of @ohsnapitsalyssa 's room? I didn't do anything wrong 
Why the huh have I purchase this PS3. I 'm gonna miss GTA4 so bad though 
why the JB's concert are so much better in the US?? 
Why the long face booo 
why the poor always pay the check for rich, and take the hit for the bitch 
why these tears  won't stop on falling 
why they cant talk together? divorced parents are the most awful thing of the world  @mileycyrus wanna have so great parents like yours!!
why they never pick up 
why this day sucks. 1.there wasnt enought tofu  2.buzznet wont open 3.i have a feeling ill see a cockroach'
Why Tiny Twitter doesn't work? I allways get the &quot;error 15&quot;  #Fail #TinyTwitter
Why to be always in the right path seems so hard?? 
Why today of all days do I craaaaave a double cheeseburger? 
why twiiter on cp isn't working on sun? 
Why u laughin at me @theomartins 
Why using lucene when iterating is faster? I lost 2 or 3 days on doing the search (and indexing) by lucene 
Why was it so incredibly hot last night? 
why we have to learn for the big test next week??ÃŸ 
TY, Cruiser for clearing up the confusion about that song! Still searcing for a long lost friend. 20 yrs and counting.  Miss you Vikki.
Tyler is sick  is there a doctor in the house?  (just a sore throat - don't panic, tweet-verse)
tyler is so mean. He tried hitting a cat on purpose! 
Tyler Kennedy will need a new Igloo goal-scoring gimmick. Mr. Kennedy released from @WWE today .... KENNEDY!! 
Tyler Labine has confirmed that Reaper's gone for good  Farewell to a GREAT show! Comic coming and maybe animated series? Yay! 
Tyler plays into all my weaknesses while denying all my strengths. 
tyler rock but idk wat i should do  
Tyler: What did everyone think of the #E3 Left 4 Dead 2 trailer? http://tinyurl.com/lvm4ak I was foolishly hoping to see Portal 2. 
typ billion words todai...tired tired tired &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; cont'd tmr  my hands .....not my hands.....
type back 
type into youtube tyrabanks gone wild and go to forty six seconds LOL. ps the sun is coming up and iv not went to bed yet argh  gb
typical - went home and got changed.  put my rugby jumper on cos i thought it was a bit chilly and now the suns out 
Typical ! 15% off at B &amp; Q didn't apply to the paint I wanted  Still on the plus side I walked unaided 
typical as i get all giddy like a girl about having the answer 2 life the universe &amp; everything in my followers number someone leaves  poo
typical as the pain in my foot begins to ebb my chest starts to hurt.... 
Typical bank holiday weather, chucking it down 
Typical bank holiday weather: Rainy and cool. My planned motorcycle ride will have to be substituted with pulling up weeds in the garden 
Typical Dublin summer day 
Typical GUI failure: The app has a list of VMs - but no way to export the list as text -  so I'm stuck manually transcribing 50 entries. 
Why we have to study? 
Why when I get a headache it always manages to migrate to my neck?  Stupid headache. 
why when you need someone besides you , you dont find him  !!!
Why when your anticipating something the weeks drag on so slow?&amp; when you want them to go slow they fly by 
why why didn't they mention ghost would be airing at 10 instead of 1030... basically I missed the first half hour of it. 
Why why why can't I get back to sleep??  The millions of things running through my mind aren't helping xx
Why why why do I go on a trip with with his family!  Dang, dang, dang. In key west. 715 and we are at the hotel. 
why why why why why why did i not get tickets for T in the PARK??  boo whore!
Why why why why why why why ian why why iannnnn 
Why why why why why? About to go and &quot;Revise&quot; whilst my sister steals MY laptop!!  
why why why, why why why why why, why my eyes don't feel good 
why why why... must I put myself through this pain. It's called work 
Why why why?! If I didn't cave why did he?! So friggin close! Ugh!! Im angry now! 
WHY WHY WHY??!!!??? I can't fit into any nice dresses. 
why why why??? gotta go to see the dentist, can't stay home and might go home late 
why will no one play badmitton with me?!?!?!?! 
Why will no~one climb to the top of my apple tree &amp; pick me 
Why Will Smith?!  Why must you make me cry?  
Why will the sims 3 work on my dads computer but not mine 
Why won't @common_squirrel be my friend   I will share my seed with him!
why wont any of my display pics that i upload show up? 
why won't anyone enjoy pretty films with me 
WHY WON'T IT LET ME PLAY? 
why won't it let me see my profile pick?!? im just a white bow with a red x 
why wont it let me upload photos? 
why wont it show my display photo :o  help?
why wont it work 
why won't last fm load? 
why wont life let me go to DOC/Earth Crisis 
Why won't my avatar change. ? 
why won't my background change? 
Why won't my cold bloody go away   2 weeks now and still coughing
Why wont my new picture upload? 
Why won't my phone let me follow people 
Why wont my photo upload? So annoying 
why wont my pic show up?!! 
why wont my picturses work  going to bed. then work tomorrow!!!
Why won't my profile pic change? 
why wont my profile picture show up? its really frustrating and sad. i loved my su-fi 
Why won't my sister answer me? I know where one is, but the one I need to contact won't answer me 
Why won't my Superstition and Paranoid appear on my iTunes library on my comp?  They are syncing 
why won't no one follow me  lol
Why won't Oprah buy me a car? I'm following her on twitter.. What more does she want?? 
WHY WON'T RAGNHILD ANSWER ME?! 
Why won't she believe me at times like this??? Mann I'm gonna miss the Mall  ....But what I'm saying is TRUE 
typical irish weather is back 
Typical monday, tried to close the window in the bathroom and the window falls out? :S had to patch it up with a bin bag 
typical that the sun comes out when i'm working soon 
typical! First sign of not perfect weather and the trains run late! And I wore sensible shoes to overcome miscalculation today 
typical, i have an exam tmrw &amp; i now have a cold and cant concentrate on my last min cramming 
Typical, reclining the seat is the best way to make goods in personnel appear! No shut-eye for me! 
Typical. Rain stops and sun comes out just as I walk back into the office. I am totally drenched. And my lovely brolly is a bit broken 
Typical... The one day i get off from exams and its grey and cold(ish) 
Typing *ow* with RSI *ouch* isnt much *ooooh* fun. Stupid tendon i *gaaah* hurt a month *groan* back. I think drs need another visit. 
Typing an essay at the last moment 
Typing my letter intent for grad school....UGH I HATE SCHOOL 
Typing one of 2 papers due tomorrow...all I do now is type papers!  
typing race : only 63wpm 
Typing up my interview for @SomethingPunk. Couldn't use the video since they randomly turned off the lights on us 
Typos! I hate typos! Especially when I make them. 
tyras on and im missing it  stupid tv!
Tyrell sadly died  always missed! http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/1300501
Tzi jian shanghai  ni hao new york!
u and me = different world.. I wonder how would our heart become one.. 
u are a never ending dream... but i miss u baby 
U be yellin boom boom when u really poom poom 
U being mean to me today y is that? 
U can call me selfish when all i want is ur love..Pilek 
U dont even know how much u mean 2 me. 
--u dont love me like u say u do  @ugh_biters
why won't sims 3 work on my computer or laptop? 
Why wont swine flu shutdown my school? 
Why won't the BlackBerry App World let me make a purchase   #blackberry  #fb http://myloc.me/4tIx
why won't the kids sleep 
why wont the twitter client on fb work? 
why won't they let a 40yr old take his Legoland driving licence 
Why won't this cold go away 
why won't this headache go away 
why wont tweetdeck let me know when there are new messages anymore? I changed the time so it would do it quick now it wont work 
why won't twitter let me have a picture?! 
why won't twitter let me update my picture 
Why won't Twitter send me text updates? 
why won't twitter work on my phone? 
Why would anyone golf?! Its too hard 
Why would anyone want to kill Jimmy Carter?? I dont get it. 
Why would ANYONE Want to make such a horrific, pointless, idiotic, and perverting movie!? Sooo sad 
why would he do that to me! 
Why would i d-load an app called the &quot;Moron Test&quot;... its inevitable it will label me a moron 
why would my gas be shut off? Double checked the auto pay; it's fine, but the water is cold now..  
Why would someone get drunk at such an historic event? 
why would someone want to play water polo or go to Nebraska when they could go to summer school?? 
Why would they put the little x directly above the up arrow on the scroll bar on TweetDeck? 
why would you &quot;like&quot; a post in facebook about brother ceci's death? 
Why yes past, Come on n. Im always up for a good haunt...Psh...FML. 
Why yes, scary tsunami storm, I would LOVE to share the interstate with you and the rest of Atlanta at rush hour. 
why you doing this to me? i missed you like hell. 
why you gotta be living in texas and what not? 
Why Younis? Why?!!! #t20 
Why, in this connected world we live in, we still don't have realtime tracking of every commercial plane?! 
Why, is life always so fucked  It was perfect, and now everything is all so wrong i love you Jack Fahey, ?
Why, when you go on vacation...is there a sudden &quot;oh, I don't have anything to wear&quot; shopping spree? 
Why, why no more development in the app? 
Why, why, why? Does there have to be limitations on signature sizes? I can't resize this one - it fucks up the quality. 
u give me fever  booo this is not the way to spend a vacation 
U GOTTA BE FUCKIN KIDDIN EVERYONE IS IN LOVE WHAT HAS MY LIL WORLD COME TOO...IM LONELY NOW 
u guys have no idea how bored i am right now  
U guys r funny and sound all grown up 
u juz signed out like that?? 
U kno when u feel that little tinkle n ur throat (pause).. And u know u bout to get that nice fresh cold n morning... 
U know happy movies always make me sad  Cuz real life will never b like them :S
u know i need a beer  thatÂ´s 2 bad i just decided dont drink never again in my life after the vodka
U know twitter kicked me off again last night like right after I said gnite to u. 
U know u miss someone when you say their name and a lump in your throat forms. I hate being emotional. And I hate that I can't hide it. 
u know u need to do laundry when you have to choose clothes to wear based on whether or not you can go commando in them 
U know u're getting old when you can't sleep in past 8:30 on the weekends cuz u're so used to waking up early 4 work. 
u know what i miss the most when i got free clothes/food all the time 
U know what sucks. Hoyt guys who are gay. F.e. Neil patrick Harris. Ugh looovve him. 
U know wot follow homerdoh57 saves me tweeting myself 
U know you're addicted when: U r jealous of anyone who has more followers than u.  http://migre.me/1eBF
u make me feel so damn good and i don't know why ...... should i stay or should i go?^^   :/  desire against sanity 
u mean ur looking forward to me getting in truble? well ur nice... 
u need my phone  sad face
U never realize how much u depend on technology until u don't have it!!!!! 
why.. why why are all good domains that i like are already registered? 
why... can't she just.. drop dead 
Why... do i do stupid things infront of the guys that i like? it never never ever fails that i do something made of uncool stupidness. 
why..... 
why...? i can't sleep for this night....  hhuufffff...
Why?   WHYWHYWHYWHY. I hate psychobabble. URRG.
Why? Why can't o2 in the UK give me a discount to upgrade my iPhone like what the Americans and Canadians are getting today? 
Why? Why? Why why why? Why? 
Why?! Why, oh why, oh why? 
Why?!? My neighbor put a password on the wireless connection! Must learn how to make Crackberry a modem! 
Why??... Everytime when I don't have internet! 
WHY???   
why?????............... 
Why?????? Why the best bands in world NEVER comes here, or near here....   
Why'd you have to ask that kind of favor..  he just asked me to text him 7 different languages saying i love you! Nyak!
why's it colddd outttsideeeee 
Why's it so hard to watch movies where a boy and girl fall in love? 
whyy is it not sending my power point to my email!!! 
whyy isnt my photo uploadin 
Whyy'd i agree to come here  damn.
whyyy am i so tired  perth weather rules!
Whyyy am I still awake when I have to work at 8?! This is not good 
Whyyy does my best friend have to be a slave to her job? 
whyyy is it always raining lately??? 
whyyy is senior banquet so early on a sunday  ugh.
whyyy the fuck is my cell not sending my txts.. fail phone 
whyyy the hck can't I sleep?  now &quot;you remind me&quot; is on repeat . haha !! robbys snoring .
whyyyy can't i get that video? 
whyyyy me!?!?!....confused... 
WHYYYY!! I was embarassed in classssss omgggg  I hate James Gonzalez, WEHHHH!
Whyyyyyy does it have to rain when I wanna drive?!  huuuuuuughh
Whyyyyyy!! None of the E3 links are working, stupid internet users all looking at the sametime.. go away and do something else 
whyyyyyyyyyyyy?! why decode didn't win best song from movie!?!?!?!? 
whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy did i dream that 
wich is in 2 wks yay! then fall semester...... 
Wicked headache. Feeling low today 
wicked heartburn 
U put me to shame with amount of gigs  Saw All About Eve a lot too. Bound to happen as saw Mission 16/17 times.
U should just let me blow u a kiss ;-) @KComer when is the sun gonna blow me a kiss??? 
U still waiting for still update! I've been sitting like a mad man all day! 
U sure anna didn't karenin herself bc she wanted to work at a mag &amp; got yelled at by someone who pays her $25 for 5 hrs of ridic work? 
U tell that joke so much meaner than it sounded in my head @jennahmonet  I feel bad, I'm sorry sweetie (it was unsexier, not uglier btw)
U would LOL ralph!! 
U would think that after almost 2 years they would know what u want... I hate breakups! 
U.S. Open iPhone app is  great! Uh, check that. No live video for us Canucks!  (Where's the love to your northerly brothers?)
u.s. open suspended 
Uber tired. Work is not the one tonight 
uber uber uber paranoid at home by myself.  dnw.  
uber yawn - spent the night with Laura a l'hopital. too tired to even play atlantica now 
ubertwitter blows....wont let me upload pics 
Ubertwitter isn't getting a GPS lock anymore..  not sure why yet.
Ubertwitter still not updating on the bb 
Ubisoft hasnt showed anything for the PS3.  Except that table game's trailer.
ubisoft, go fuck yourself  #jtv http://justin.tv/g4tv_e3
Ubuntu 9.04 Sucks, Brightness controls don't works, NumPad don't works, extremely slow, in 8.04 all works fine, no way to go back  #ubuntu
Ubuntu/@system76 forums have been down for over an hour now. NOOOO 
Ubuntu's Jaunty is a bust for me. The newest ATI Linux drivers don't support my video card, and Boxee doesn't support Jaunty (yet). 
ucas declined me :| shit is going down tomorrow in college. i fancy some soup. and maybe a bit of harry potter, but i dont know which 
uch its 6 again 
Uch, cannot find a good Fathers' Day card for my Daddy.  Any ideas? To inspire you: He's very very untidy and very very lovely.
Uchhh Exams  GCSE Sciences, i've got physics tomorrow  this sucks 
UCI orientation sign up server went down on scheduled run time.  Got back from cerritos about an two hours ago.
Uck. Chronic stomach problems leads to two icky tests for me today.   If they find a cure for J, I'm sure I would miraculously get better.
UCL craze barthelona style! Psyched for Sonic Youth. Back to Singa tomorrow ah 
UCLA is workin on gettin Conan as their Grad. Guest Speaker.  How do we get our then president and they get Conan?!  Sooo sad! 
Udah sampe kampus doongg.. Buset depan Hilton macet abisss  http://plurk.com/p/xm2gh
uff - hard to get going today, up half the night with 6 year old son 
Ufff, they`re all now offline (my moldavian friends) 
Ufff......I need a break 
ug... my shoulder is killing me 
ugegegegeh. i can't wait... part of 30 will be seen. the other wont be seen. how sad. 
ugg  well time to work on my homework glad the weekend is almost here so i can find some trouble to get into
Ugg boots don't salsa well 
Ugg half sleep half woke and head hurt 
ugg i missed so much last nite  i hate my life sometimes!!! stupid crappy as job that makes me goto bed at a decent time!
Ugg so0o bored jus keeps rainin 
Ugg throat is sore! 
ugg tyra look like its abt to b wack 
Ugg, so frustrating. Maria Ho just missed the $10k Limit final table &amp; is out in 11th  Big congrats on making it that far!
Ugg, the whole family is sick now 
Ugg. Unpacking sucks 
uggg cnt believe the weakened is over 
Uggg i cant sleep!! Ive been laying in bed wishing i could go to sleep already!!! 
Uggg I hate when husb watches Gangland its alittle graphic for me and he has like 5 of them recorded! 
ugggg hope my bb gets here today im missing him  and pammy wammy that abondened us....................
Ugggg...I hate mondays..ion wanna get outta bed 
ugggggggggg i need to print out a peom but i have no INK this SUCKS 
uggggggggh visual shift tomorrow at 7am!! waaaaah which means i gotta get up at 530! 
Ugggggh! This thing is so SLOW. 
Ugggggh, why am I not sleeping? 9 AM sharp hip-hop rehersal 
Uggggh my pic is not showing ! And I can't change it on my phone 
Uggggh, my mom woke me up again. Man, im not even going to soak city tday 
Wicked night at Kings of Leon last night...just wish we weren't high up in the rafters of the O2  
Wicker seats hurt my ass. I have straw indents in my butt now 
Wickid day offroading too bad the truck is broken...again 
Wide awake - body thinks I'm going clubbing 
Wide awake ... And my throat is killing me 
WIDE awake and 3:18 am 
Wide awake and have been for over an hour. Shiraz's fault. He's left for Michigan now. Ugh. 
wide awake and Im not feeling well 
wide awake at 5 am 
Wide awake didn't go out nd I can't sleep someone keep me company 
wide awake since 4 
wide awake, but need to sleep 
WIDE awake, scoffed 3/4's of a pizza and feel like a sumo  such a weak day! Run tomorrow
Wide awake. So excited! Going to Coney Island today with Josh. Wish I had a camera  I never realized how much I loved my camera until now
Wide awake. Wtf? Got a big day ahead of me. Work n School Quizzes...... 
Wide Shoe Warehouse in Charlotte has apparently closed.  Wah!!!
Widescreen email is excellent on iPhone now. A lot of apps don't  support it tho. Like twitterfon. At least it works unlike Tweetdeck 
widgets.securityModel throws W3CTotalLackOfConcensusException;  #widgets
Wieso hat die Skype App noch keine Push Notifications? 
Wieviele Events kann man eigentlich mit #Google #Analytics per _trackEvent anlegen? #Possible #Showstopper 
Wife and kids have made it to San Antonio...almost to Corpus!  Praying for safety the rest of the way.  Guess I'll watch the game alone 
Wife has promised an evening of rock band. But since she only got 4hrs sleep last night I'm not holding out much hope 
Wife is getting relaxation drugs. I just get to watch 
Wife is sick again 
Wife is sick.  summer cold.
Wife just dropped her 2-month-old E71 down the toilet. It fizzed and died. Time to test the phone insurance methinks 
UGGGGH.... no beach for me today!    FREAKIN FLORIDA RAIN!
Uggggh.....my head hurts 
ugggghhh why is it raining?!..... 
Ugggh ;___; Have to go cut the grass then write an English paper I forgot about. So much for Platinum today 
ugggh i forgot to buy tickets for the olympics yesterdaay! 
ugggh i think im getting a heat induced headache 
ugggh I wanna go back to sleep soo bad...work allllllllllllllllllllll day 
Ugggh Monday again 
Ugggh- O's running a fever on vacation. 
Ugggh school is so boring! I cant wait for this year to be over. So stressed -.= i shoulda stayed home today.... 
Ugggh. I feel like death 
Ugggh...Yuckiness is creeping back. 
Uggghh... My tummy hurts and i've got an epic-ly major headache. How sad 
uggghhh this headache!!! why??? I've had one on and off the last few days  It's probably the weather...
Uggghhh... Waking up hella sore..  it really sucks being sick... *~xoxo~*
uggghhhhh my camera died  no more twitpics for a while now 
uggh :S i get to do some filming with my cousins company this holiday but theres a chance that it will clash with prom  hopefully not
Uggh all lines down at the radio station. This is not gonna be fun 
uggh gotta clean house I hate not having time during the week to do this &amp; have to use my Saturday 
Uggh I ate to much 
uggh i didnt go to six flags today because of these goddam cramps 
uggh I'm up super early...can't sleep 
ugghaksdmkhsdasmd has to be allowed to go on Wednesday! 
Ugghh feel like poop  someone come take care of meee- I think I have swine flu
Ugghh I don't wanna go to work 
ugghh My tummy hurts 
ugghh to dam early 
ugghh, missin him  ..finna go hang w/ the guy bestie.then makato's 2 celebrate my sis's bday later!!
Ugghh, studying for science and french exam! I might fail science... 
Ugghh. I can't believe I got myself into this...  -koteesss
Ugghh.. I really don't wanna go to work 
ugghh.. sick and finals, too 
ugghhh my eyes!!!!  trying not to itch.. arrgghhh damn you @hayfever !!!
ugghhh so humid ...went in a friggin track top that i ended up takin off while was out, all hot now 
ugghhh so tired jus ready 2 take a nap but i cant i hav so much wrk 2 do 
UGGHHH!! wish I had dinero to go to Britney's Concert  Pre-sale started  today
ugghhh.. i have a headache 
ugghhh....i just swallowed a bug. 
ugghhhh....head itches from these kinky twists!! 
Wife just left on a motorcycle ride. I still need to get my Washington plates , so I am at home, Drat! 
Wife just told the cat that, while he originally cost about the same as a bottle of Grange he was sitting on, one day he'd be worth less. 
wife ran downstairs -mind you it's 4am-, looked at me, laughed and went back to bed... I'm either going to cry or become an alcoholic 
Wife will be out of town for two days. I miss her already 
Wife's got that look in her eye; @ the outlets 
wife's sleepin'. baby's sleepin'. why can't i? 
wifey is sick  ..prolly will go to church solo today.
Wifey Just Left  , Damn . No More Good Love Loveing In The Morning . I Miss You Baby -
WiFi access @ all airports is still not a reality in Greece! 
WiFi at #occ is teh suck.  #osbridge
WiFi coverage in Prague is pretty gd - just not in the Hilton where were staying 
wifi is very slow though  luckily my wife could use skype!..
Wifi not working at #openvideo 
Wifi not working in counselors lounge. 
wifi outside the dorm. but i had to pay for it. 
Wifi suck I can even vist this person . 
Wiggles just peed on my bed! Now I have to wash my sheets! 
Wii fit (no big losses/gains  ) -check. Hoovering -check. Time to get ready to go out and research more on oauth 1.0a 
Wii Fit Plus - Need to buy the Motion Plus plug-in... 
Wii fit told me I was obese 
Wii says I gained back .4 pounds 
Wii sports resort?  Wasn't that last year?  Dear me nintendo, everyone else pulled out the stops!  Nintendo the newest sega? 
wiikend's too short  why does it have to end when ive finally.. ..oh well. ey net,  carlo.. where are you guys? ive got a surprise 
Wikipedia keeps deleting our images for the Shock-G &amp; digital underground page....gotta email 'em now. 
Wild Bills is going to be nothing iess than amazing tomorrow.. wish Rob was still coming 
wild mushroom soup wish I could have found fresh wild mushrooms in the woods    http://bit.ly/Twsrz
Wild Prediction-Guns and religious type put in camps! Think they'll have cable? Probably only CNN and MSNBC 
will and grace is over, i need something new to distract me from revision 
will anyone reply to me when its actually my birthday? 
Will Barton to Memphis?  
Will be 21 in a week :O im getting old 
-Will be a bit late  as I have to change train in Leiden // This won't be a lucky afternoon / evening...-
Will be at the Blackfield Festival (http://twurl.nl/zhbbpe) this weekend. Still have a long way to drive today 
will be at the reds game 2nite!!!!! sucks it wont be the civil rights game  but it'll be a blast!!!!
will be attending CIC's parents' orientation tomorrow...need to wake up early 
Will be back on Wed. 
will be finished with my book today. books from amazon better be here today. last percy jackson  then starting sookie stackhouse
will be free in 32 hours! Last week ever with girlies 
Will be glad when I feel better. 
will be going home to an empty house tonight.  Hope my wifey has a safe flight back home
will be going to dentist later in the day for braces check-up 
Will be going to the California Academy of Sciences today, looking forward to it. Good weather to be inside ;) though.. I want sun! 
will be going to the doctor again later  haaay hope to get better soon 
Will be in Congo during political elections. Never a good idea. 
will be in Costa Rica as of Monday 12ish. AND her phone's touch screen is dying, so really it's gonna be hard to talk to her for a while 
Will be in Hong Kong again in 36 hours... but so far, no upgrade love from American. 
will be in N.Y. june 8-12. wondering how it will be to see my mom for the first time since we found out she was sick. 
will be leaving continental europe in 2 hours 
will be leaving for JFK airport soon! Touching down on tuesday at 645am! Bye NYC  http://plurk.com/p/z5zcs
will be leaving for Melbourne - H1N1 central - tomorrow!!! yikes! 
will be leaving work early today because i'm DONE - of course this means that i will leaving normal time 
will be majorly sad when David Tennant is no longer Doctor Who 
Will be missing my dad on father's day!! 
Will be off watching X-Men. Me lame'o haven't watched it, yo 
will be out of the office for a few days. A very close friend is in intensive care. 
Will be photographed for press photos in the upcoming weeks...ogh heck,  I hate cameras... 
will be playing on Full Tilt under the nick FireFiend very soon in the Aussie Freeroll. yes I'm broke again  lol
Will be seeing very little of my house &amp; my kitties for the rest of the week due to a busy work schedule. 
will be the presider at the 10 am service tomorrow.   http://plurk.com/p/rdp49
will be twittering alot tonight because I don't feel like talking to anyone else but myself. Lorrie can't telebabad tonight eh. 
Will be very upset with oldest DD if she took youngest DD's camera charger after I asked her to give it back ... 
will be working at the Orange County Fair, sadly that means (maybe) no Sonoma GTG on August 1st.  
Will be worried about poor Simon until we get there. 
will check out @99centrental.com movies for the flight to SC on Saturday.  5 hours in the air with an hour stop in Atlanta. takes all day 
will clean the dishes... i hope we own a dishwasher, instead!!!! 
will continue reading new moon now. i just cried over chapter: &quot;the end&quot; last night. fuck edward. 
Will crawl into bed now - have Prop exam I tomorrow - wish me good luck! I will need it 
will death magnet disappoint me...  #newalbum
Will definitely be getting what I want tomorrow! But for now I am going to bed alone again  last nite I have to though!
will distract myself with battlestar galactica from all these nasty alonso rumours. don't go xabi 
will do @cchowds. I think I am getting sick to. 
will do anything to take his place.. 
will do ugly logos for money... 
will eat lunch now. i still miss you, beybeh  http://plurk.com/p/xb7zq
will end up climbing walls if she has to stay in all weekend because of the rain 
Will Ferrel was CLASSIC on SNL tonight-it hasn't been the same show since he left.  No cheerleader or music dept skits though 
will find the best apartment for me and my girls ! but in a big rush..... july 1st and am homeless 
will Glenn Beck be on the radio in Tucson starting 6/29/09? 1290 AM is dropping Glenn after 6/27 
will go back to school tomorrow. i aint enrolled yet.  http://plurk.com/p/uiei5
will go for another haircut tomorrow. because me dont like my haircut today 
will go to work early...  http://plurk.com/p/xkovd
Will Grayson, Will Grayson is being published by Penguin...  ... has to wait for it to come out...
will hafta cut down on the clubbing once summer-job-employed  how heartbreaking
will have a photoshoot on hmm...Saturday??i think i can't.. 
will have to avoid Twitter and every other update tomorrow &amp; Sunday, since she can't watch games 1 &amp; 2 until late each night.  GO PENS!
Will have to do ALL of my packing tomorrow because of how the evening turned out  So should probably go to bed. It will be an EARLY rise
Will have to miss end of Man U vs Everton ass I have to turn up at a work meeting later 
will have to rely on others for pics and video. really tall dude in front of me and i'm like 8 rows back 
Will have to use my daughters laptop for a week 
will have to wait til this evening for OS3 
Will he get angry to us? Yesterday I joked that I'll cook grilled rabbit. Uhh, I'm so confused. 
Will I be able to take my bike tomorrow? Forecast doesn't look good 
Will i ever be lucky?... 
Will I ever get an @ reply from @symphnysldr or @iamjonathancook ? I honestly don't think I will, and, it makes me sad 
will i ever get out of this?! 
will I ever stop being tired 
Will in New York City in 3 days....... omg i cnt wait.. time for partying and off course Work  
Will it EVER stop raining ?   
Will itunes ever stop deleting stuff of your iphones/ipods without confirming first? Cause I really really want it to 
will Jb have new tour merch for the WT, cos' they only have one new top on &quot;jonasbrothersmerch.com&quot;  x
will jhus spat up on me  to the change...mobile
WILL JUST KICKED GRACE OUT  GOING TO CRY
will miss all of you !  my classes starts at 1pm upto 7pm ( http://plurk.com/p/1126i0
will miss Bro. Ceci 
will miss church tomorrow   but spending precious time with my parents and lovely sister outta town...
will miss everyone sooo much 
will miss her spanish class 
will miss Ina and Nikki when they leave tomorrow 
will miss jaijai  http://plurk.com/p/xmlxm
will miss like crazy XIAO BENG BENG 
will miss mittens too 
Will miss my baby for 2 days  
will miss my friends 
will miss Nantucket dearly, but also has been missing Brooklyn dearly. it's hard to be so torn! 
will miss Otis very much 
will miss robee when he goes to sipalay 
will miss you lauren 
will miss you tonight  http://plurk.com/p/ubfxs
will most likey send her new notebook back and get another one 
Will my 14 year old son please stop growing - He is now officially taller than me 
Will my sinus headache ever go away? 
Will need to rush home after work. Thinking of goin for a 15 mins jog at the nearby park. These fats are killing me! 
will never be a good road warrior.  I miss my hubby and puppies too much.  Room service is not quite like Tom's cooking 
will never eat choclate again... 
Will never look at a chocolate muffin in the same way again after work today! 
Will not be able to go to FOTS run tomorrow 
Will not be able to take it in tonight. 
will not be attending ska prom tonight 
will not be home til 10 pm tonight 
will not be KablaMing tonight;  I will next week though.
will not be on FB for a LONG time. The Bank has banned access to FB 
will not eat yogurt tonight  tomorrow na lang daw. http://plurk.com/p/xn2m4
Will not get her drank on tonighttttttttt, must let my liverrrrrr restttttt YO! 
will not sleep early tonight.. i LOVE programming. (and I'm not programming tonight  ) #3turnoffwords Am not programming
will obviously miss ROCK AM RING  
will once again, be in Antarctica for an hour  I really don't like tuesdays!
Will only cry in sad Movies when by myself 
will Pakistani team win today  or will they chose to get rich instead  ? ..  .. I want them both to win and get rich.
Will please come and get me 
will prepare to go... (aalis nanaman ako.. ang sad...)  http://plurk.com/p/xbj27
will probably be up until 5am...again.  
Will probably lose my voice tomorrow 
will probably start updating this thing more now that absolutely nothing is going on in my life. 8 facebook status updates per day = lame 
Will Prop 8 make California the next Mississippi 
will really try to do those earlier next week. 
will rest for 2 more hours. i'm having backaches again  http://plurk.com/p/12j2cp
Will seriously, never have another ABC shot again. My throat is completely fucked, sound like a man 
will sleep and get up early tomorrow, hard day 
will sleep in a while. still mourning the adobo he cooked.  http://plurk.com/p/x12gf
will sneeze to death while listening to &quot;Elisa&quot;... 
Will someone bring me cupcakes? 
WILL SOMEONE PLEASE COME AND TALK TO ME ??  I'M SAD AND CAN'T STOP CRYING, EXCEPT IF I THINK OF HIM  THEN I'M HAPPY AS AND SMILE ))
will someone please explain to me how to work twitter? i have no idea how to comment on people's status or respond to comments! 
will someone please explain to me why its 50 degrees out and will rain for the next 3 days. f* new england weather 
will someone please find a cure for a non piggy flu viral lung butter thingy I have! Bruised ribs hurt &amp; chucking up sucks. 
Will someone please tell me little prezzie i can get for Rochelle!..she's the hardest one! I cannot think!  .....???
Will someone please tell me why I set my alarm for 9:00?? I woke up and felt like someone punched me in the stomach..? Why am I in pain? 
will someone pls make me feel better. BOO HOO  coz i can't wait to see you again!
Will someone pls refresh the #hotstreak alert addon (like magealert) on #cursegaming for #wow patch 3.1? Miss my easy hotstreak spotting. 
will sony stop suckign their brand name and show some real games 
will soon give in .. has already half given-in ..  .. its just a matter of time .. :'(
Will soon have no cell phone service... What am i going to do..... Without my texts and twitter... O no 
Will start to do my holiday homework , at least 3 full papers for each subject tomorrow 
will sum1 plz give me sum money lol haha 
will take a break for awhile before training again! body's still tired and sore.. 
Will that Sucked We didn't get to play 
Will the movie Street Dreams become a worldwide show? Please make it global! I wanna watch it badly 
Will the rain ever stop!? Such a gray day... 
Will the SIms3 be able to be installed on a Mac and a PC or am I going to have to buy it twice? 
Will there even be a summer this year? 
Will there ever be a collaborative Earth surveillance/monitoring system leveraging Web2.0, i.e., people? Would make AF447 searches easier 
Will this bloody lurgy never end 
Will this day ever end.... 
Will this iPhone 3.0 update ever end? It's taken almost 2 hours to complete and is cutting into sleepy time. 
will try to put Leela (1) in the same room tonight with big sister Zoe (3.5).Wish me luck!Troy wants his office back at night to play WOW 
Will tweet more diligently after exams. Back to studying 
Will we soon have to pay for Hulu? Fox's chief digital officer says yes.  http://bit.ly/pu30X   
will ya go pick the papers up for me ? jus dnt have the energy at the mo  ha @mmbopidy
will you gies  follow me  please
Will Zelda arrive today?  I doubt it, it was only posted yesterday it seems 
William time is over 
Willie is pouting because Grandma didn't put any treats on my food  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6877293
willow is amazing! a lot more strict though  you can only have a gues 10 times...annoying! Brothers graduation and minus six tonight!!!
Wilting. Air con still broken  but man has arrived to fix it . Going to NikeTown after work.
Wimbledon again...whilst eating raspberries.  They were to be accompanied by blackberries but they'd grown fur 
Wimbledon is gonna be so boring without Rafa!!  He's the best and always a fighter *__*
Ugh   
Ugh   not even at half way point yet and i been driving for 5 hours!
Ugh  eating a carnival corndog then a cotton candy not a good idea
Ugh  exhuasted but so much work to do...work tomoro 7-4. Sigh
ugh - game over  will tomorrow bring a better outcome?  fingers crossed
Ugh  had the worst dream of muh ex from 9 months. Woke up crying! Never let someone you care about go on bad terms. Make it better
ugh - i thought i got things fixed but i still don't have my little taz guy back.   help!
ugh  I'm off to school!
Ugh  sleepy and my shirt got jacked up..
UGH  STUPID PEOPLE. STUPID, STUPID, STUPID PEOPLE. STUPID PEOPLE. I'M SO PISSED OFF.
UGH ! going to fail math &amp; latin !  whateverrr ... summers close &lt;3 !
UGH !! im so worried about a friend 
Ugh !! Sometimes I wish he wasn't active duty!! Grrrrr my poor Hubby  -feel sry 4 him - guess 24 hours isn't long enough !
Ugh #Moose lost. 
Ugh , being at the hospital makes me feel saad 
Ugh .. Ahh.. I can't sleep 
ugh .. i hate the feeling of being ill. my throat is killing me and i feel entirely weakkk  meowww.
ugh ... i'm stuck. i don't know what else to say in my valedictorian speech. 
ugh ... this Toronto heat is brutal! where oh where has my winter gone  lol
Ugh @ Leighton 
Ugh @followtimc is sleeping  now I'm bored, and left with nothing to do.
ugh 12 hours sleep, i don't feel right. woke up with a load of missed calls - was meant to be at a house warming last night, ooops 
ugh 2 more hours of meat and fish work 
ugh 800+ km and 13 hrs sitting in a car across 2 days SUCKS for a bad back - ouch 
Ugh Â¬Â¬ We could have got a nice afternoon at sea, but it started raining and everyone got moody  I want to live on my own!!
ugh actual insomnia  .. feel rough like.
Ugh all the other kids got to leave but me  haha we are planning on having another fundraiser on the 17th pretty sure I wont be there : P
UGH AM I EVER GONNA GET* THIS RITE. SOME THINGS JUST AREN'T MEANT TO BE 
Ugh another day at work 
Ugh another day of this! 
ugh another humid cloudy day. i swear the sun has come out a total of five times this summer 
Ugh anthony wakes me up every sat. Man i dont wanna go to practice 
ugh AsHley G. she'z goinG off. . .iM sad 
Ugh at davies dam and have no clue what im doing 
Ugh at work   if one more person named melody askes when we get to leave today. I'm goons lose it @ 19th St &amp; ... http://loopt.us/t31xVA.t
ugh at work on a saturday... with a tummy ache 
ugh at wrk urked i just a paper cut nd it runied my whole day  it still hurts! lol
Ugh awake in bed on my day off...it's too early to be awake! Icky hangover from last night 
ugh back to work today 
ugh bad bad mood  i just keep listening to eminem  sad.
Ugh barakat needs to stop being soooooo fucking cute 
ugh barely slept at all. Trying now but failing. 
Ugh bball all day 
ugh bbl... i dont kno why this charger isnt working 
ugh bed. don't want tomorrow to come.. it's sunday 
ugh been hacking one sql query all day. Still haven't gotten followers working. 
Ugh big momma doesn't feel to good! 
Ugh boring friday 
ugh break is almost over 
Ugh caaaake 
Ugh can't cuddle with hurting arm 
ugh can't pick a vid so hard none of them came out good 
ugh cant sleeep...cant breath 
Ugh cant sleep on  this bus.  still have like 5 hours
Ugh can't sleep. If only I could talk to you 
Ugh can't sleep. Wishing I was still in Norman 
ugh Celtics won 
Ugh chest colds are the absolute worst! I am going to the dr tomorrow before my lungs quit working 
Ugh cleaning out my backpack and washing the dogg 
Ugh cleaning room  this is so boring and its nice outside  I LOVE NIKKI &lt;3
Ugh cleaning...so much fun 
Ugh coffee please! Being at work at 6.45 is not good for my brain, it is now officialy melting 
ugh damn! my usual babysitters graduation is on Wednesday and I just got a meeting request from my boss during her graduation 
Ugh dance proformance...today  I just want to buy sims 3 and play all day
ugh didnt mean to change my profile picture just my background one  ugh its late
Ugh dnt feel good..my tummy hurts   feel like death
ugh doctors appt @ 1. I hate that place 
ugh does anyone know what i can do to stop anxiety attacks? pleeease...i need help 
Ugh DRILLz comin up soon...... 
ugh early day tomorrow and i'm still awake 
Ugh early mornings suckkkkk 
ugh everyone sucks.     hate getting my hopes up. im going to bed.  night.
Ugh everything i can possibly try that doesn't cost money has failed. My laptop has forsaken me. I have no idea what to do next 
ugh everything isnt working for me today 
ugh facebook isnt working 
Ugh feel like crap!!!! SICK   good night
Ugh feel so sick I can't move  don't think I can handle work!
ugh feels like shitt 
ugh finally home so late i am super tyered ! bout to go to sleep, i love you @ezeuptown2nice ! ugh i miss him so much 
Ugh finally!! I hate when my bb goes dead 
ugh finals 
ugh fuck... please? 
ugh fudge! i got a fever  i feel like major and utter shit while my familys having fun 
Ugh gay allergies..  sneezing like crazy...
ugh geometry tomorrow 
ugh get ready for a new day of bball itll be the last time for me at tenn  but 
ugh getting dressed...I really dont wanna work  but I need the money...
Ugh gettn ready for my 8am class 
ugh glamour kills got even more new stuff for the summer. this makes me want to buy everything 
UGH -goes to science-  &lt;/3 then home &amp; a walk..buhbye
ugh going to the doctor for a check uppp 
ugh gone through 2 new phones and now my screen is black, which means no texting 
ugh gots to work tomorrow morning!!!   need to be up at five and ready to smile lol
Ugh gotta go to the stupid drill competition  dont wanna go Its to early. [CELTICS WIN]
Ugh gotta migraine. Took my meds going to bed 
Ugh graduation yesterday was so hard! I miss all my seniors  They were seriously the best class. But Andra's party was fun last night!
Ugh hangover + work = 
ugh hates sunday nights.  gotta sleep in 40 mins and get up at 6:30 am tmorrow. 
UGH have a freaking good night. BYE 
Ugh have to be up earlier  wish I was with him
ugh have to get my eyebrows done now ugh u h8 gettn dem done 
Ugh having insomnia sucks big time :/ im always asleep during the day which i do not like 
Ugh haz headache--- someone plz assist 
ugh headache 
ugh home again.  tiredd.. btw im dumping my bf.!
Ugh honestly just leave me alone.  atleast till tmrw morning, please.
UGH HUNGOVER FRM LAST NITE AT WOR....... 
UGH hungover.. not a good feelin 
ugh hurt myself at dance!  not to bad tho...but still in a bad mood anyway! ugh very annoyd with certain ppl!
UGH I am itching to call!!  Not used to waiting around for things to happen! 
ugh i am so bored 
ugh i am SO hungry, but i cannot get up off the sofa and stop playing peggle 
Ugh i am so sick  my ears are ringing insanely from last night too.
Ugh i am so tired  and i hav to drive all the way back from nmb to Conway 
ugh i am so tired still  hows everyone doing today?
ugh I came home crying. first time ever. I hate this 
Ugh I can't believe this... I'm letting this get to me again!!! 
Ugh I can't breathe right today 
Ugh I can't go back to sleep 
Ugh i can't reach behind the tv my boobs are to big... And the entire setup is to big for me to move 
ugh i cant sleep  i dont thnk im addicted to twitter anymore lol ive actually been on facebook a lot taking those fabulous quizes â™¥
Ugh I did not sleep well 
Ugh I didnt eat dinner yet why is my mother sooo slow at cooking!?!?!?!?!?! goooood my tummy rumbling 
Ugh i didn't know it was supposed to rain and storm today! 
Ugh i dnt wana go 2 freshman! I wana stay in 8th grade w/ Sami, and Darcy, and most of all freakin Kolton!! 
ugh I do NOT. wanna get up for work. 
Ugh I don't feel good. I'm glad tonight is a short shift...wish I had time for a hood nap. Too bad Nick had to leave so soon 
ugh i dont feelz good anymore. i ate some bad food  {*~*Danny*~*}
Ugh I don't know how to twitpic its too difficult for me on this damn blkberry 
UGH i don't like being siiiiiick 
ugh I don't like crying in public... 
Ugh I don't think TJ is going to work, soooo asleep I am not.     ....i should make him go get breakfast since his snoring kept me up!
Ugh I don't wanna be at work today at all. So tired 
Ugh I don't wanna be up yet 
ugh i dont wanna go to work 
ugh i dont want to go to church im so tired 
Ugh I don't want to go to work  I rather be home sleeping or laying in my likkle Jamaican's arms LoL he makes me :-D o.dddd
ugh i dont want to start cleaning, but the lady thats going to take our engagement photos is coming over soon 
Ugh I feel horrible....woke up at 5.  And now headed to Cedar Rapids, Iowa....
ugh i feel like a complete stalker. i don't wanna be a stalker~ 
ugh i feel like crap,my whole body hurts  today's gonna suck.
Ugh i feel like shit 
Ugh I feel like shopping but my pockets are extra thin 
ugh i feel not very good + have a really bad hangover.  i just wanna lay here + do nothing. at least it's not so hot outside anymore, yay.
Ugh I feel sick 
UGH i feel so OUT OF THE LOOOP WHY am i not watching the MTV MOVIE AWARDS im so upset. 
Ugh I feel so sick 
Ugh I feel soo sickly!! It's almost 1a &amp; all I wanna do is sleeeep!! 
Ugh I forgot my coat 
Ugh I forgot to dvr true blood last night  nothing like sitting down to watch it &amp; it's not there. I feel stood up.
Ugh I fucked up 
Ugh I got dye all over my Livestrong bracelet.  How do you get hair dye out of rubber?  
Ugh i got pulled over by isaac house  why i'm i getting tickets so quick now a days?
Ugh I got shit underneath my clear cover 
ugh i got this nasty lil headache...dont feel good. someone take care of me 
Ugh i gotta get up early tomorrow to be at work at 10  bleh
ugh I had a great night and the morning is a bitch! Ughhh I hate getting sick outta nowhere! 
UGH I HAD TO COME TO SCHOOL AND NOW IM STUCK IN &quot;PHYSICS&quot;!!! BORING !!! 
Ugh i had to cut my run short cuz my tummy is hurting real bad 
Ugh I hate being stuck indoors when the sun is out 
Ugh i hate braces! They hurt like so bad. 
Ugh I hate having to go to work almost everyday 
Ugh i hate having to take the bus on weekends 
Ugh i hate myself 
Ugh I HATE packing   I just want to sleep.
Ugh I hate studying.  I have too...
Ugh I hate Sunday morning car shows....all the pretty stuff I cant buy  haha
Ugh i hate the heat of arizona. 
UGH I hate the smell of fried fish.. 
UGH i hate when i need to google something, and then i forget what it was! i'm sure it was important 
ugh i hate working 
Ugh I have a lot of work &amp; a lot of studying to do  HELP! Haha
Ugh i have boom boom pow stuck in my head and i hate that song 
ugh i have to find some place where i can buy a new ipod touch 1st generation as soon as possible 
Ugh I jus pulled a muscle in my neck ooowwww 
ugh i just finished the short questions, hav para &amp; essay left =( my hands paining 
Ugh I just missed my best friend's call from Jordan! I haven't talked to her since January   stupid work!
Ugh I just ripped back both toe up socks I have been learning to knit  too big and floppy. Starting over cuz I just had coffee (at 12am)
Ugh i just wanna go home and lay down  fml
ugh i just wanna go live but i can't 
Ugh I just went to sleep a few hours ago 
ugh I miss holidays 
ugh I miss Molly so much. Ill never get over it 
Ugh i miss my grandparents so much. This isnt fair 
UGH I Miss My Mac.... Gone For A Week  * tear tear*
Ugh I miss On Demand... 
ugh I missed the J&amp;K+8 special last night and am sad to hear they've divorced... STUPID JON! MEAN OL' KATE! Poor kids 
Ugh i need conversation. No one in here is interesting  iRylee Riot!
Ugh I need my bed... Got work in the morning. Boo 
ugh i need to do laundry. and clean my room.  i really wish it would just do its self
Ugh i need to do stuff but im incredibly tired and i feel sick  goodnight...?
Ugh I need to finish my school project. It's due tomorrow Ugh 
ugh i need to go to bed 
Ugh i need to sleep my eyes feel so tired. x.x but what if i don't wake up on time Alexandria WILL kill me 
ugh I never thought I got migraines but I don't know how else to explain what's happening to me  #fb
Ugh i really dont wanna go to soccer next period 
Ugh I really hate chicken 
Ugh I really need to go to bed earlier... This is getting old. I'm not tired 
ugh i really want a new digital camera 
Ugh I really, really miss Mike. And summer doesn't make it any easier 
Ugh i remember why i never eat mcdonalds anymore... Because cancer tastes horrible! 
Ugh i say too much 
ugh I should've stayed hanging out with my coworkers 
Ugh I so don't want to get out of my bed but i have to be at work by 9... 
ugh i sooo need to be rescued right now 
ugh i still dont feel good  i NEED to go to school tomorrow..... did i just say that?.... i must be sick
Ugh i think I just got in an epic world war 3 blow out w my dad I swear he thinks I'm still 18 sometimes. I hate it when he's mad at me 
Ugh I think I'm sick. 
Ugh I think that shade of lipstick is discontinued. Can't find it anywhere. Got the Kat Von D one &quot;Stilleto&quot; but its not as cool 
ugh i want a digital camera so badly 
Ugh I want a job at a record label sooo baaaad 
Ugh I want to get rid of some barbies, but barbie totally isn't selling on eBay right now. 
UGH I was sleeping nice and good then my boyfriend called. I ignored it and tried to go back to sleep. NOPE didn't work 
Ugh i washed my ipod like wtf!!!   .:I got that SINGLE GIRL swag:.
ugh I went outside without my glasses. now I feel this terrible headache comin 
Ugh i woke up so late. My leg still hurts from that charlie horse saturday afternoon. Haha. I really want food, but im already late. 
ugh idk if i can read more of order of the phoenix. everyone is so mean to molly  harry is emo 
ugh if tommy had broken there i would have been able to see the end of this before work 
Ugh i'm at school already 
Ugh im at work SOO DAMN EARLY 
ugh i'm bored jakes gone all week so i'm not entertained... 
Ugh i'm going to try  *ArTy~BaBy*
ugh im gonna go to eat medicine again 
Ugh I'm hurting. 
Ugh i'm in a bad mood now and i just need someone to talk to 
ugh I'm lazy. I just realized that I have only just over 2 months until I leave for Germany.. and I still haven't applied for my passport 
ugh I'm pretty sure this is what dying feels like. 
Ugh i'm retarded. I want a second interview... 
ugh im sick again 
Ugh i'm sitting in the auditorium waiting to take the math regents. Doesn't start till 11:45 
Ugh i'm so bored 
Ugh I'm so freakin sore from that damn digger I took the other day. My wrist is killin me and my hip is buggin. 
Ugh I'm so fucking sore! 
Ugh Im so miserable right now, I'm hot, I hate work, and I miss @seinman. Also, I'm overtired for sure 
Ugh im so tired. But i have to stay up for another hour and a half to make sure i get all of my laundry done. 
Ugh I'm soooo hideous!! My forehead is breaking out 
Ugh im sooooo mad i missed da party last nite   12DAYS 
Ugh im starting to wonder how Im going to keep up w/ OLTL in California when I dont have a computer to watch clips 
ugh i'm stuck in a rut and feel useless... 
ugh I'm taking a break... anatomy project is sooo boring! 
Ugh im tired! But i cant fuckin sleep and i dont feel good!  &lt;3verdy f. baby
Ugh I'm up N now I'm gonna hve to go to school 
ugh i'm up...someone shoot me! Goin to Sanford...god i hate mornings 
ugh I'm workin on a sunday blah 
Ugh insomnia and no one is up to keep me company 
@tammygolson I wish it was an interview!  The Hamptons, actually. Going to visit my brother.
@Tammyharris Not directly... heard from my mom.  Doc's say 2 y/o also has blood on the brain   Praying for a complete healing.
@tammykay519 yes i do but they blow the fuse so we can't have them  but i do have a blanket house shoes n jacket! Lol
@tammyluksich haha!! wow i can't believe a breakup song reminds you of me, how terrible! i did abs with trisha yesterday..  i miss you!
@TammyLynn_17 damn  that's a whole day!
@tammys85 Too bad they changed it. 
@TammySassin too many great things and no $$ BTW I still haven't been to Ocean Prime 
@tamonten Nevar! I'm the werewolf! 
@Tamori_80 It's really sad. 
@Tamori_80 yes, I am quite poverty stricken 
@TamsinEmillie I was fine until around two today and it's come back. I was happy and thought it was just a bug  but still be in tomorrow
@tamsul Work. Hard work. 
@tamye  would love to, but I have family in town next weekend.
@TamyraL Ya'll be hurting my feelings! Didnt even let nobody know! 
@TamzyTheWeresol My internet grind to a halt whenever I try to upload something. My speeds are terrible 
@TaN_yAy @zorythevirgin I love you guys too.  maybe some freak-miracle will occur and I can go to vegas! Maybe if my sis recovers fast
@tan1337 My dietitian called and said my weight has crossed all charts.. I need to start losing wt. from this instant!! 
@tan1337: i upgraded ubuntu 9.04 to 9.10! it took freaking 9...: tan1337: i upgraded ubuntu 9.04 to 9.10! it took freaking 9 hours  My ..
@tanaralandor I second that!!!! I'm wearing flats for a rest of the week! Going to get my hair done! I wanna sleep so bad!!!! 
@TanayaBlaze @JessicaMelon everythings alright, just the regular bullshit 
@tandeanne How would i know  I knew it'll be scary but didn't know the face will appear plus the noiseeee.
@tandmark well at least they have good taste in art,cabinet appts.not so much 
@tandrew no, dallas.  parents' house.  i've never really lived here, so i dont know anyone.  should we try craigslist &quot;strictly platonic&quot;?
@Tanelg um it's the one you updated with haha. I think you're supposed to dl it from apple. I don't know where iTunes puts it tho 
@tanepiper Yeah, definitely using Dominos again in future, had a pizza hut voucher though 
@TANGG that's not good I feel sorry for peeps who don't have beaches I have two within walk distance of home 
@tangledtara ha what a good idea, methinks I need to do some proper exercise and stop eating so many sweets, no more dip-dab saturday 
@tangledtara I'm actually salivating! NEED SWEETIES, chubb says no 
@Tangoberry Wtf? You were there?!!? When? That sucks you missed us 
@taniagilchrist I couldnt get Marty Undies 
@taniaoliveira Link! Link! Link! Ai, como eu queria ver!!!  rs
@taniaxkoi Hey...you didnt mention me in your blog  I sat next to you in the exam surley that counts for a mention in a blog lol x joke x
@tanijoy is it hot as hell there as it is here 
@tanilicious Do it!!!!!!! Start feelin' guilty 
@tanislilly  i love you But i have to go. We will keep tweeting and i will visit &lt;Scottie.b&gt;
@TankaBar i think you need to follow me, not letting me DM you ???? 
@tankaide wah omg strong hands and arms! i can only do 3 
@tankerwife9816 Yeah, I can't take that stuff either.  
@tanketom I'd actually consider going with 110 - as I said, I need 20 points above the regular 30 anyway - but it's only taught in spring 
@tankimberly NEOOOOOOOOO don't think like that 
@tankstudio   me too    ... but I've perked up... First Tuesday bookclub! yay!
@Tanmitcheboo im not off until next weekend  
@tanneratchinson Ohnoes  Is she a midget too? lol *mean*
@tanneratchinson working at the hospital in port angeles. which is like an hour or so away  but I'm moving there in October so maybe it
@tanniek wow... any bounce from the check?  I hate when my check bounce just because I'm too lazy to move the month 
@tannieo I need to sing tomorrow, so I just threw shoes at the wall in my room. Unfortunately I was only wearing two 
@TannuhFS i hear ya. I hear ya. 
@tannwick  did they win? what does this mean now? sorry I'm clueless when it comes to football 
@Tanny1978 I dont know I will figure out something...I am trying to get my damn facetime 
@tanreyes - yep, my stomach is a protozoa habitat apparently.  how've you been tan? 
@Tantalum hmm, not that I can think of 
@tantamani Wow, that really sucks   So sad to see when that happens, when it's believed to be the only way out. 
@tanthmick is that worth it?  HAHA.
@tantiaharyani gue juga anggep besok kumpul tant. hzz. headache parah niyy. 
@tantonik Sonic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  You're the second twitter friend to mention Sonic!  I forgot to get my free root beer float 
@tantraziliation i miss the sunshine of summer 
@tanukichu  if i were in philly i would  how fast do you think i can get there if i run?
@tanya_peasgood Damn that looks nice, wish I worked at your place. Got me all hungry now 
@Tanya519 feel like i'm in an endless pit essays, books &amp; god knows wht else rt now  In high skool, senior year was a sinch......not now
@tanyaahedo - I know! It was drizzling all the way to work!  Hope it warms up this weekend....
@TanyaDenalii No one is talking to me 
@TanyaEmma I'm sad we didn't get to hang out  no idea when you'll be bcak? U should help us get a uconn gig so we can hang
@tanyakhoun man do I wish u were here right now  me f'ed up to f'ed up to the f'ed up! Call me tomorrow ready to come HOME!
@TanyaLikesPink I don't know..doesn't really look like her  I am just gonna give up
@tanyarhh That's so sad! I'm totally feeling your pain! 
@tanyarhh we should hangout sometime. or something i dont know  i just came back from the dentist hehehehehe. 
@tanyaryno   but i am already following you... sigh...
@TaoistSoul Yeah, guess I am one of the lucky ones. Hard times 
@tapbots Only US 
@tapdatash AWWWW  that's like, amost suicide worthy.
@tapeboy76 when I get home, that is...since I can't access FB from work 
@TaperJean_Girl_  I'm gutted I didn't invest in a glasto ticket the lineup is jaw droping!! BBC3 coverage for me then  Im going to Leeds..
@TaperJean_Girl_ actually, i've not once seen an 'i love em' tweet. 
@TaperJean_Girl_ Good morning!! Have you missed JK then  xxx
@TaperJean_Girl_ lol Its dull here today  I'm now flicking between TM &amp; HS you got to watch the LW has to be done. Are you on hols??
@TapouT_Crooklyn - Oh hell, I thought it tasted a bit salty 
@TappedIn It's not yet out? 
@taptam_76 @JCCub1 i dont know the exact date 
@Tapulous i boot and nothing happens 
@Tara_de Neil thinks it's scripted and that the problems are all for show. I hope he's right  poor kids, they so cute.
@Tara_Rose Yeh I've noticed the Buzzen is down  I woke up and was told that the Buzzen is down  Hope it won't be too long til it's up
@tarabrooks I want to come! 
@TaraBusch haha yeah, no idea why im still up. i cant sleeep  but better go now, how about i tweet you the weather in the morning? 
@TaraBusch its colld. and winddddy.  and raining. bleughhh.
@taracee A receptionist/office job for a non-profit. I've been going for pastry jobs too, but no responses yet. 
@TaraCherish i guess it wasnt meant to be.. 
@taracraig Word. I am making another cup now. I wish I had a latte though 
@taracuda yes, I've had twitter unfollow 1 person so far.  They finally fixed it, but now she hasn't posted for a few days.  bummer 
@TaraDivine She really is such a slut though  I hate how much she changed
@taraface ahhh omg i thought that was tonight not yesterday?!?! 
@tarafan21 aww badness  hope you can buy another pretty one
@TARAFOX haha sorry I was real busy with exams and all but now Im free to enjoy summer! but im not enjoying it for some reason 
@taragracee 
@Tarahdice thats wack 
@TARAKISTLE I went to garage nights, you don't miss me going? 
@taralazar Would be great to see the pics as they grow - surprised they built the nest so low, hope your local cats don't find it 
@taralazar Wow, that's cool! Not a lot of nature where we are living at the moment - really missing it 
@Tarale  it'll eventually be all better. Just need to wait - time sux in the healing process but you're better off for it.
@Tarale - nope - that's not the hashtag  - sorry
@Tarale  the life we have hey, shitty mcshit. The ups and downs suck 
@Tarale reducing the Web's Signal/Noise Ratio, one download at a time 
@Tarale That's really bad, very sorry 4 you.   What's your insurance like? They love to write off cars, it's cheaper for them. Bastards!
@taralou88 I know  and he can't attend a convention in Chicago he was suppose to attend  and knowing him he must hate sitting around....
@taralovessyou oh goshh finals  good luck! are you getttting it after your finals?
@TaraLSF I hope Mr. Ripples is okay  Sick kitties are so sad.
@TaraMacPhee @BradFraser it seems to be a processor and graphics card issue ... i should have checked system reqs before i bought it. 
@TaraMaeThornton probably. 
@taramasatala me miss them already.. 
@TaraMcPherson funneee!! i wish my kitty ate with me at the table 
@tarametblog Love that so many are embracing it this year.  Sadly the hubs switched offices and it's not happening at the new office 
@TaraNicolePDGG I wish I could but I'm already missing work today and tomorrow  I seriously hope they tour next year
@taraphillynyc I didn't 
@taraphillynyc That was on last night???  Can't believe I missed that.
@tararebeccah  ugh, I kinda doubt it   We could send another reminder?
@tararebeccah Also love big hair...I'd get a spiral perm and work it with a pick but I'm allergic to chemicals.  Loved wash'n'wear hair 
@tararenee7 oh yeah, stupid sensitive skin. 
@tararobertson epic! We only had boogie boards.. 
@tararuj Yard sales are fun to go to. But not to setup and run yourself. 
@TARATARABOSU thanks for the  ,that was hillarious! but i find it odd that u laughed when u found strangers mocking you. r u sick? poor u.
@taratomes I applied to go on that - but my Dad wouldn't drive me to Manchester for the auditions 
@taraw07 There's nothing available for PHX 
@TaraWhitney totally agree! M already seeing the end of my Sunday. 
@tardisgrl my girls rented &quot;he just not into you&quot;.  I made it through 1 hour... 
@tarek why! 
@tareq_cse i learnt it several times &amp; after few days I forget.  I tried Cpp
@tareq_cse Thanx for the DateTime Settings Info, 20th e ekta exam ache, confused je kokhon hobe, Haire Daylight Savings.   Y New XP ???
@tarera i know  he's busy with exam so now i dont get to see him as often and he starts work soon so i wnt see him then either. but its ok
@targetprocess Eh, C# API won't work - we're hosting our projects with you. 
@Targuman Re: eternal cost of blogging. Yeah, I've probably got a special corner of Hell waiting for me. 
@tarheelarden...im said no one is responding to me   twitter is not very welcoming
@tarheelguice no idea  Fox is really horrible about letting you watch these things online.  Maybe check surfthechannel.com later
@TariAkpodiete Viewed a bit of that sorta thing from afar aftr lvng TO. Via TV or CDs etc. Ppl  who treated me/others bad bcoming famous 
@taries31 yuuuuuuuup....  .................. sorry.... im rude 
@tarina thanks. I ate cereal that night. Nothing sounded good here at home..have no idea why!! 
@tariseasee haha i would be quite upset if you bailed 
@TarNeishaCEO @muffyn ya'll know I was TRYIN to grow it out some. I need braids for Miami!!! But I can't take it no more  I need a FADE!ha
@tarniecullen  Oohh tough.. 
@Tarnoff17 THE HANGOVER was great! I bet you can't wait to see it! lol! I didn't do anything special for the game.  what about you?
@TarosCristina Bashing the actors themselves and their families is just beyond wrong, imho. 
@Tarot1 nextonheroes.com server is still down  but twitpic should work http://twitpic.com/6ucgb
@tarranti Any key does bugger all. 
@tarshiieexo Well the Uk is Ok .. but Jersey is in the channel islands near there .. &amp; its really boring  LOL whats it like in australia?x
@tarswebb hah! im such a mental case 
@tarts oh wait no, i meant the one on iheartgaming. But they're all pc anyway, so generally unhelpful for me 
@tarushikha v got coupla &quot;vry brief&quot; showers.vry hot osde..bt i dnt feel.. I sit under d vent of a centralized AC n wear a shawl evrydy 
@TaryaLovAHH   do u hate me for not fixing ur bed 
@taryn_jane she owned me  one day I will beat the master of wii tennis haha
@tarynAnn boo we're moving 
@TarynD ooh that reminds me, Jackie tried getting you some extensions, but she got caught and banned 
@TarynJanine awww  well ditto!
@tarynneg still bummin? 
@TarynSouthern where did you find the HER energy?  I used to get them at a stand in the Americana, but they are now gone    Love them!
@TarynThomas ouch! that doesn't sound fun 
@tarynvonfabu nothing extrordinary  Our local place closed on Sundays for the summer.
@Tarzy I think mine lives 36 hours away 
@Tarzzz 1 pair each person bot now none left for Brighton sorry 
@tasaljayyousi  i have a test the second we get back  btw, did you get tweetdeck?
@tash_jade http://twitpic.com/7zrfr - So it is 18+?  no I haven't... I hope they do an all ages gig or something...
@Tasha_MCFLY mcfly jail doesn't sound so bad...i cant believe they did stargirl with JB last night &gt; im jealous of the people there  x
@Tasha_Tweets tell me who u are?  I still wanna chat though LOTS you get me!  I miss that 
@TashaButts ohhh Tasha Tasha Tasha !! Don't be like that. I suppose ull cheer for CLE once they beat ORL, right? Just pitiful 
@tashadanvers @Kellysotherton- I gave most of mine away.  involve me. I will look and see what I have. So charitable you two are??? Haha
@tashadolla You know I smoked alot of marijuana in my lifetime I don't have much braincells anymore 
@Tashaeve I try that hun but it don't seem to work 
@tashalogan what a tranny?   i'm playin i know what u mean! thanks (i think)
@TashaLxo i actually would rather kill myself right now than sit that history exam!! 
@TashaLxo LOL this was on the bus just now. Gutted if it was yo mum hahaha ohhhh crazy people near Me 
@TashaLxo why sit something i know i'm going to fail...  
@Tasharri lol shut up errbody laugh yall tall ppl don't b helpin so hursh yall laugh n say how cute 
@tashasiian I get pissed fast and sometimes people are trying to piss me off just the see how I react! It's so annoying 
@tashasiian thats a shame  howcome you cant go out? =s x
@tashaskywalker You know how we both have shitty keyboards on our laptop? My L key just broke. I'm scared it's going to fall off! 
@tashattack i wanna go to londonnnnnnnnnn 
@tashatwilight No, but my skins ripping off &gt;.&lt; I was gonna play it again, but it was too sore 
@TashaWOO Fine thanks how's the STI's haha O.m  Wuu2 ?
@tashbg0sh last weeks episode... I missed it 
@tasherajean ~ no I hadn't tried that for ear mites ~ we took our little guy to the vet and he flushed them out ~ Koru hated it 
@tashmania fashion show hehe malu gila gw jd nya jelek gt :'( 
@TashMusic if i would be there i would order again, eat the tempura, pay for both and we would have a happy day with no  smilies! only ;)
@tasitam0219 I've been goood had better days tho  how's ya babygurl n u ckan have him lol he 6mnths n think he 2 POw!
@tasitam0219 Now I'm embarassd lmfaoo  uGH think I need twitter break
@tasjaa I have 2 that won't disappear. I think I tried to pop them and now they're resistant to leaving! 
@taskinillusion   Just about, yes.  I have graduated to water.
@TaskProductions I know  guess it's time to grow up
@Tasouls what stupid show were you watching? lol. Not that there is any shortage. 
@tasselridge Nice to be connected to you on Twitter. We're going to be wine trailing in Iowa over 4th July. Can only make it to the NE. 
@tassilovivaslap 'The photo you were looking for doesn't exist anymore.' 
@tastemeimemo shite! that's no good 
@TasteMyInk yeah. It was so cute too 
@TasteofKaos we should request her i saw earlier 
@tastywheat My reply is no 
@tasyasampurno yupp with the whole 37 studs but no kuta beach 
@tat2ts sounds like we have the same crappy neck! I was told arthritis is forming in mine!! Cracks constantly 
@tataencu now, that's not so funny when you say it out loud! 
@TATAliaa LOL I KNOW, HUH. so i can stop dreaming about it.  / damn, stupid hoe is getting SUPER annoying!
@tatam0n aw anita I shall miss you 
@TataRita Thanks Ritou d'amour  &lt;3
@TateDance I'm the complete opposite 
@tatertot930 E news said they getting dicvorced I'm sad 
@Tatiana_K it's looking like this summer will be an epic one for movies...who am I gonna steal cinema with once you're gone? 
@Tatiana_K lol my hard drive died last night when I got home from the bar. I&quot;m throwing in another drive when I get home 
@Tatiana_K nah I sat this one out. everybody's tweeting about it though 
@Tatiana_K nope they didn't have it 
@Tatiana_Noel Yeah it is a great movie. I enjoyed it. I was at the movies by myself today as well... 
@tatianalovesAAR Aww I cant see the video because its not available in my country!! 
@tatianarjo see; you gonna get replaced.. 
@TatianeMarks quem ï¿½ Katy?? 
@TatieKatie Cool. He was really nice. And warm when I got a hug! LOL. Yea shame she wasn't there  would have been really nice
@tatiiiiv me too Tatiiiii!!! 
@tatiloveshk  hope it goes well.
@tatiny my friend!!  how do i clean that? it's nylon at least..
@TattedHairGuy I'm sorry to hear about your uncle. I hope you're okay! 
@Tatterededges Noooooo. Boo for computer problems. I can empathise. 
@Tatterededges That was sympathetic, BTW. It's VERY annoying when yr car is damaged by stealth 
@Tatterededges V soon - most males HATE cats with a passion - they are not manly enough 
@tattiong i hurt my knee. can't gym at all 
@Tattooed_Mummy Yay BB10 but there's no points awarded for buying the foul, vacuous Heat magazine  Please recycle ASAP!
@tattooedmommie who won? I'm out of town so I couldn't order it 
@Tatylicious Hey chick!  When are we going to JA to pick up some hot guys and eat Jerk pork and festival? Well you already have a hot guy 
@taufikn Yeah....I know how u and everyone else feels  C'MON WENGER!!!! Get VILLA!!!
@taurenwells timothy is but i cant.  gotta work at 5am. Sigh...
@tauriam no u must have the wrong number 
@tavagrl35  I wish you were online right now  I need someone to talk to for advice, which you excel at when it comes to me for some reason
@tawerlau bleh bleh bleh. I can't get a new phone until June 10 
@Tawmu Im not posh, im from near liverpool 
@Tawmu The price is right but the software was epic fail for me. The only app set that would consistently crash. 
@TawniRae all these quizzes about which jonas brothers song are you? who should you marry? and blah blah blah, but it tweets for you 
@TawnyHeath I was just trying to give you a dozen roses 
@tawnyheath woowhoo las vegas wish i could go 
@taxgirl 3 yo? Oh heck no....WAY too young for a party of that sort...what message does that send to her? 
@taxnerdatplay mine, not so much! I wish...It's been too long. I used to be bilingual....now I'm lucky to get by... 
@Tay_Tay305 WHERE YU BEEN AT BOO??? YU DONT DM ME OR NOTHING  
@Tay_Tay305 YEAh dAt SUXS!..... 
@tayallday i wish! we have to play some fest in belgium that day 
@tayallday of the 3 lineups, i can honestly say we're playing my least favorite. i wanna see radiohead! 
@tayastorm *sneaks up behind you* BOOO! no hiccups allowed 
@taybs I'm sad too. 
@taychristian there several minute lag on you and chat 
@tayfaceee do you like my Boston accent? Because most people make fun of it 
@tayfoshayshay I'm so jealous! I miss you 
@tayIorswift13 Hi Taylor! Couldnt make it 2 the CMC snowys at Thredbo  but saw it on TV. I'm comin 2 the US in July  hope 2 meet u! U rock
@TayJasper NOOOOOO!!!!! WHY? 
@TayJasper Sweet. Reminds Me Of T.I.  I Miss Him!!
@TayJones great trip one YEAR ima go with u a summer not this one 
@tayla__x you lost your phone!  i was wondering why you weren't replying to my txts!
@TaylaMcCloud ok, i knew everything but there was so much to write and my hand was really hurting &amp; i was writing till the last sec 
@TaylaMcCloud tweet it again cause the link isn't working 
@TaylaMe3 awww-could u plz buy me one cuz my mum won't   she has a thing abt giving her credit card no ova the net
@TaylaMe3 I was supposed to be going to work tmw, then they ring me up and tell me that they've got no work for me and tht it's quiet 
@TaylaMe3 It sure does sux 
@TaylerC  what happened to my pretty blackberry??
@taylor_ainsley 
@taylor_ainsley oh snapp... that's mean 
@Taylor_Momsen I hate the terrible weather  give me the sun anywhere and anytime and I'll take it.
@taylor606 That sucks. 
@taylora13  i know and i will, i finally got my liscense haha
@taylorbalzano i wish i was to, eff school 
@taylorbanks Man, the @freesideatl project list looks amazing. RFID cracking? Beer? Honeypots? I wish I didn't work Monday nights 
@taylorbanks Your electrician going to easily make his boat payment this month?   Sorry, dude...
@taylorbebop @meganandliz @wtccishot is super bored right now and is sick 
@taylorbeckett dude robeks is wayyy good  i just dont have one near my house  haha
@TaylorBlack what, I was thinking the same thing 
@taylorcalta i cant believe we didnt see you guys at the mall!!!!  we were so closeeee!
@taylorcassidy me too  but it looks awesome!!!
@TaylorCheese Is that the only one you know of? I know the library has one, but it's kind of slow. I wish Javaroma did still. 
@taylordemille me either its happy... yet sad 
@tayloreuph I know... I really wanted to see you! 
@taylorgese u said, &quot;uh,   &quot; txt me wat that meant
@taylorGifford i'm sorry.  i love you no matter what!
@taylorglassy idk it  and I am not home
@taylorinksater Awww, we should watch PPP on YouTube together XD (They didn't even say when PPP is going to premiere here)  #squarespace
@taylorjackson Fuckkk thattt. 
@taylorjetaime BEAN SPROUT the sun came up a little early and woke me up  and the sun as in my mother. will i see my bean sprout today?
@taylorkelly13 Ahhhh I just got them done 
@taylorlegit lauren conrad is having a book signing in chicago. you should go! i am OBSESSEd and i missed it because it was graduation 
@TaylorMB sad day  what are you seeing?
@taylormcfly First ones a week today and its chemistry  Good luck !
@taylormcfly They are  I wanna goooo
@taylormoll he is a lucky duck but the bad thing is i cant keep a secret and i think my dad knows what we got him im trying to study too 
@Taylornol I miss you too 
@taylorphinney cyclingnews.com is a right mess now. Hardly look at it now 
@taylorphinney i want one too !! 
@taylorquinn  i really wish i had my blackberry.. will i see you on sunday??
@taylorr00lz  cranberry juice does that to me. damn, it's 2am and i'm starving. come down here and go to the waffle house with me!
@TaYlOrRaY2 Oh man that sucks. I work at a place who counsels divorcing parents and that is what all of them do, use the kids to get back 
@TaylorRHicks: Hmmm! That can be a problem so far from the loo!  Ugh 
@TaylorSimonson no go EDC, seeking rusty razorblades and bathtub full of ice... no $ no happy 
@taylorswift13 - Congrats! I can't even figure out how to make it not blurry. 
@taylorswift13  thought the tickets to wembley went up tomorrow, all the good stuff has gone... SAD 
@taylorswift13  wow  well  i stayed up waiting 4 a call that i was suposed to get before 8pm and i still never got it  
@taylorswift13 @selenagomez @therealTiffany @mileycyrus @moiswashere @drewseeley I HAVE SWINE FLU 
@taylorswift13 AHHH you're lucky!! I am envious of you right now!!   ohhh LA someday!! 
@taylorswift13 another wembley date PLEASE? i can't get tickets 
@taylorswift13 ARE YOU IN LONDON ?????? OMG I wish I was there .... I live up in Scotland 
@taylorswift13 Awww! @DDlovato is on voice rest right now, too 
@taylorswift13 awww!!! That's so cute! I wish I did that for my dog but I don't have the cash 
@taylorswift13 dateline thingy was amazingg!!! i really wish i had tickets!!!  ily taylorrr!!!
@taylorswift13 Don't get NBC  But I'm totally bummed I just missed you in NYC! I was there the 25th-27th
@taylorswift13 HI Taylor om Brielle from NY but i cant see u tomorrow cause i have school  ... Just wanted to let u know u are Awesome!&lt;3
@taylorswift13 http://twitpic.com/5atcr - ye look awesomeee  i wish my hair was like yours taylor   ye both are so pretty..  Lov , ash x
@taylorswift13 I am flipping between it and Hannah Montana! Your stage looks awesome...makes me SO sad Dallas tickets are sold out 
@taylorswift13 I can't watch it!!! Copy written!  Oh well I saw it last night on MTV. It was hilarious! Great job Taylor!
@taylorswift13 I can't watch the video       I love you!! 
@taylorswift13 i miss the last day i saw her, i wish i could just rewind to that day and be with my best friends as well! 
@taylorswift13 i missed it...  when can i see it again?
@taylorswift13 I really really wish I could of gone to your concert tonight!, It's my birthday too   but i get to see you live oct 2nd!
@taylorswift13 I really wish I could be there, but after I found out you were coming here, all the tickets were already sold out! 
@taylorswift13 I tried  its not on here- hockey instead
@taylorswift13 I tried to tivo it but it says the hockey game is on  HELP
@taylorswift13 I want to come 
@taylorswift13 I was supposed to see you on the 6th, but tickets sold out just as I was going to buy them!! 
@taylorswift13 I wish I could join your bonfire.  I really love you!!!! I even drew you. sigh.
@taylorswift13 i wish u would've come to gd rapids, mi sooner 
@taylorswift13 i wish you'd come to dominican republic. 
@taylorswift13 im sad the fearless tour has no stop in FLORIDA,or nowhere near FLORIDA 
@taylorswift13 i'm so bummed, tix sold out too fast so i dont get to see you this tour 
@taylorswift13 i'm so mad that i couldnt get tickets to your newyorkcity show  you're too famous taylor! the tour looks amazing thoguh!
@taylorswift13 I'm so upset that I can't come see you because the trains don't run late enough 
@taylorswift13 its not on 
@taylorswift13 its not on in colorado 
@taylorswift13 My friend and I made a summer list and on it is &quot;Meet Taylor Swift&quot;. its sad because thats the one that probs wont happen 
@taylorswift13 please come back to GA, your concert with Keith Urban is already sold out, couldn't find tickets for me and boyfriend 
@taylorswift13 really want to watch the special, but i have two kids that want to watch a movie on disney   i'm sure ur's will be great!!!
@taylorswift13 see u on sunday!! and still waiting for my m&amp;g passes!  i think i didnt won 
@taylorswift13 so pissed!We didnt get your Dateline in the Bay area of Northern California!I was looking forward to it all weekend too!! 
@taylorswift13 soooooo wish i could, but im in school and myspace is completely blocked 
@taylorswift13 Taylor please follow only have 13 followers  plzzz.. BTW love the songs!
@taylorswift13 that show made me want to go to your concert but you don't have one in Toronto 
@taylorswift13 This video doesnt work 
@taylorswift13 thought the tickets went up tomorrow, all the good stuff has gone... SAD 
@taylorswift13 tickets sold out before i knew about them!  next time...!
@taylorswift13 unfortunately we don't have nbc here in the philippines  but I will try to catch your dateline special on youtube 
@taylorswift13 wanted to buy concert tickets for you're Oklahoma concert but they are all sold out 
@taylorswift13 we'll figure it out. you should come back to Summerfest this summer because i wasn't able to go see you last time 
@taylorswift13 what was on NBC?? i missed it 
@taylorswift13 Why does it have to be on when I head to work! I work 6-10. So evil Taylor! I will have to youtube it tomorrow. 
@taylorswift13 wish we had NBC in Brazil 
@taylorswift13 wow congrats Taylor!! =D I wish i could see you this summer 
@taylorswift13 ya I voted with AT&amp;T 100 times and now I owe 100$ in texts. 
@Taylorswift13 you are meeting 4 girls right now and they wouldn't let me by myself have a pic 
@taylorswift13 you are sooo talented i wish i could meet youu 
@taylorswift13 you need to come to IRELAND!! it's not even funny at this stage 
@taylorswift13 you're making me really want to see you on tour... if only there was a tour date in northern cali 
@taylorswift13 YOU'RE THE BEST !! Please gimme a lil hii !!  Just one lil hi !!
@taylortastic  i'm sorry. i want to sleepover!
@taylortastic ugh, but then it wouldn't be funn  at least you're being paid to watch demon children. xD
@taylorthomas  when's the next shipment?
@taylortighten *nuzzle* I dun like me not having my phone neither.  my pocket is nakid.
@taylortighten I LOVE YOU!  *punches evil bus lady*
@taylortunetracy &lt;3 you miss u 
@TaylorUndead eleventyseven got canceled  
@TaylorWilde Would love to meet you in person but sadly Auburn Hills is a bit away from Texas 
@taylorx0x92 hahaha ikr. she's a swaggerjackerrr I wanted to b blonde first she always copies me 
@taylorxparham i miss you kidddd.  haha
@Tayluvsbroadway @slash13 Yummers in deed. but it aint quite agreeing with my hot chocolate 
@Tayluvsbroadway yeah  fail times. she was in an accident like a month ago, too, almost same thing. was on the bus on her motorscooter
@taymarr7465 NOPE..... 
@taymur you know, I've never had that... I've missed out 
@Taynted_lyfe Oh I see, now I'm nobody.  
@Tayrawrrr stop thats mean 
@tayshihui i've heard of that place! i also want to gooooo 
@TaysUniverse i dunno if any of them are a hot idea... but you can't go without one- which would so be my choice if i could! 
@taytay80sluvr omg i was going to get tickets to that, but decided not too 
@taytaybulls @overlordtrainee Hey, you two are ganging up on me!  *sigh*
@tayytayy im sad i didnt get to talk with you! 
@tayzonday She is shocked because security forces broke and entered into someone's home. She also hears gunshot in street 
@tazachusetts08  gosh...it does look horrible....     im just now looking at the twitpics i sent while it was burning down...  
@Tazz602 No it wasn't! It was intelligent. How did you come to the conclusion it was gay? 
@Tazz602 yes   *sulking*
@tazzari614 are you mad at me? 
@tb78  am i the only 1 who isnt out??
@tb78 half an hour for lunch??? Lucky if I get 5 mins! 
@tbartels didn't find the sign you posted while we were in SF 
@TBBF gotta go to work. I'm off all next week. 
@tbean86 I know. I have a feeling that Jon won't be around for them much 
@TBEAustralia Cant wait for you guys to come on.  Too sick to leave house   Sucky!  Cant wait.  YAY Triple J live webcasts!!  
@tbeckett that sucks... hope he is doing okay.  We feel so helpless when our babies aren't feeling well 
@tbgreve Thanks buddy. I didn't win though... 
@tbichris lawl i'd totally heal for you if i were still playing 
@tbinkc Today's out-dad duties and stuff. Sorry  But we'll coordinate?
@TBKY I have looked everywhere for your candy. Everyone says it's out of season 
@tblack12334 you should still suprise them...since I guess I will be at home 
@tboard btw - twitter decided you should un-follow me! 
@tboneps Oh, Tim.  Are you okay? What have your docs said? you can e-mail me at dymsumblog@gmail.com - any time you want to.
@tbonetaylor Had to switch over to Stand Def 
@tbotwit Myeah, but Mac has apache &amp; php support built in. MySQL runs fine too now, but no success with file permissions 
@tbridge Excellent idea. Alas, the roots are in the garden next door. 
@TBSonK97 Damn lol  meh...Ill wait for the weekend
@tbthorpe its gotten much worse!  My stomach is a shade of red that skin should not be.  Was practically drinking SPF30 today and still! 
@tbush think it's true  no iphone update for me for a week
@tc2866 still at home..had the livingroom, kitchen and 4bathrooms all to myself! Boring 
@tcabeen do you happen to know anyone willing to give up a ticket for the ting tings tomorrow? There's none whatsoever for sell on CL. 
@tcabeen SADNESS? oh no  what's wrong?
@TCBallew Awe  I'm sorry. You told me you canceled Saturday with him yesterday.
@TCC, just looked at your bird pictures. Great work. No mushroom pics?? haha. i found 2 yesterday, left em, no place 4 em on bike 
@TCCarter23 its not on 
@TCGO1974 ah i get back wednesday. I thought you were leaving the following week 
@TCGO1974 I'm glad life is going well for you! I can't believe I haven't seen you since AP Tour in CT.  Will you be at Warped??
@tcharper loooooove them 
@tcherryx  i just burnt my pancakes cuz i was tweeting anf i am out of batter mix 
@tcherryx i wish..i think ive tapped out asking for tix for this show....sorry 
@tclairyt you better stick that tounge out lady! i wish i was fucking there 
@TClub09 I know I thought how rubbish I had been  sorry, I shall make it up to you in many ways! x
@TClub09 just seen this after I emailed, sorry really didnt mean to sound off with you  xx
@tcms12 
@tcollins Well I've go the dual version of that (because thats all you need when 1 monitor is a laptop) and its getting too confused 
@tconrad Sounds good, too bad Pandora slows my network toooo much   Its a lil sad not gonna lie... http://myloc.me/2r8u
@TCreativeBlogs very sad 
@TCRoady actually, it was 15 to 2... 
@TCSLive That storm seems to be coming my way 
@tcwmatt oh no!!!  well..... When you get back lots of pictures!!!
@tcwong5 Maria Leslie blah blah blah is hurting ears   Am I being mean?
@tdahle sorry i love you  i'm in so much pain.  -otte-
@TDAJS_Joe that hurts joe! 
@TDAJS_Nick  but hoow r u ?
@tdchewy that's so sad  I send my love to you guys and the best wishes &lt;3
@tdh I think I'll be exploring the shit out outa' this wolfram, I am home sick! With nothing to do whole week !! 
@tdimaggio passed the enterprise exam, haven't received results on the design exam yet  &quot;Only two more weeks&quot;  LOL
@TDLQ @pinkcutie91  unfortunately it is   i'm looking for a better job....i need more money and less stress
@TDLQ @SBShell  awww sorry doll!!  no DLs of it?     yeah...you know the freaks and nutjobs come out at night...hence our being here!
@TDLQ awwww...she's not on?  
@TDLQ LOL!  i need to walk more!   i just hate doing it!!! 
@TDLQ okay doll!!  i'll talk to you tomorrow!!!  and   on the pkg!!!   Tell Harry i will watch for him too! 
@tdm911 didn't see this till now, but wouldn't have bet that before this towelling anyway. 
@tdm911 wish I could afford to tether 
@tdnnc poor little sick thing. U should not be at work 
@tdolby2001 &quot;Temporarily out of stock&quot; 
@tdpersson Aww, that sucks.  if it seems like I've missed a text or two, I just check my iPhone app. So it's not that big a deal, I guess.
@tdrury Aww sweetie *huggies*  Never mind, it'll be on iplayer later, won't it?
@tdwnds1 No problem. At least look on the floor. We won't see the banana skin in our brains ... I step on it once, almost got killed 
@tea_party I feel your pain! I used to get that a lot, always made me feel uncomfortable 
@TeaAndBrie  I don't even like watching, let alone letting the whole world watch on the news.  Poor kids
@teabass how?  i do not see it. 
@TeachaKidd Wondering why when they can do all this with the brain...why can't they find a cure for HD and save my sister and many others 
@Teachermahn Whyyyyyy? 
@teachernz Just saw your pics, thanks for that - I don't have the 'video editor' option, just the other basic functions.  Hey ho!
@teacherPaddy yea there's 2, but they're out of my way, so its hard to go. 
@teafaniie AHH i left richard's present at your house. bring tmrw zero period? 
@teaforsydney mreh. 
@teagirlq8 I dont know  thats just plain cruel...
@teah Exactly! I don't dare to leave my computer now!!  I need to eat/pee/breathe!!
@teainagarden OMG, Megan, your leg!  I'd send you French pastries, they count as comfort food, but they'd be stale upon arrival.
@Teairra_Monroe Noooo im gonna goo OJ on that chick lol. Nah have fun at the awards 
@teaix http://twitpic.com/69duz - OMG THATS HORRIBLE! I FEEL SOOOO BAD FOR YOUR CAT!  GET WELL SOON!
@teal64 Via my cell, so responses are limited. 
@TealMermaidgirl no i didn't  and those assholes didn't send me a text!! &gt;.&lt; but im still gunna try and get in :'( I REALLY WANT TO GO!!
@TeaLSkyes I did!  Ugh, so sad. It was absolutely heartbreaking. That situation is sad no matter who it happened to. Sad face on that one 
@team_allen jealous!  I'm yet to find a local chinese i'm satisfied with 
@Team_M_Cosgrove darn  oh well
@team_woolies Very disappointed by the relaunched Woolworths website. Poor product line-up and not even offering competitive prices. Poor 
@team_woolies What items will you be selling since I guess pic 'n' mix will no longer be available 
@teamabdul Oh.  should i just tweet it? Lol
@teamabdul.Actually hun,can I get back at you tomorrow with this? I have to get off unfortauntely... 
@teambudd1 Time for you to relax then. I'm out lunching &amp; shopping today...even though it's raining 
@teamcybergeist we are heading to practice too. But wish i was going to cali 
@TeamCyrus AHHH! still not following!! Do you think she forgot?? 
@teamcyrus im really bored  too! im studying biology 
@teamdangerrr Yea I saw. 
@TeamDaveDays  Why? Is it...Jakob?  I know too much!
@TeamDaveDays I asked you once 
@teamDdemiLovato i know that now, after i made my self look like a complete idiot!! 
@TeamDeLo that one has been done already 
@TeamDemi_Lovato can i brodcast now? please 
ugh internets still dwn at home 
ugh is so bored. nobody wants to talk to me im sad i wanna cry 
Ugh it should be a crime for work to call me when I'm sleeping cause I get roped into shifts like this... Penthouse for 12 hours 
Ugh it wont let me upload a new twitter picture,  its not too big and its the right format 
Ugh its almost 2?!? Im so Gunna feel this in the morning  i wish i liked coffee..boo!!
Ugh it's APRIL not DECEMBER there should NOT be snow on the ground &amp; -6 outside 
ugh it's going to be a busy day at work...I can feel it 
ugh its late but I don't wanna go to sleep...I guess I'm gonna have to....... sigh 
UGH its monday and magic lost.... 
ugh its raining today. 
ugh its soo akward to be happy when people are depressing you 
Ugh its that rain that wets you 
ugh it's that time of the day when i get too hungry... 
Ugh iu justthre up  I hate thispart right now yiugh I am so glad 2 b hown I fucking hate throweng iup 
ugh just had mcdonalds..yuck! need to work out! now likin the miserable rain outside   boo hoo.
ugh just typed up 5 papers....not fun 
ugh just watched the last 5 eps of house  *cry* don't like it that Kutner died, ugh 2 more months till season 6
ugh just woke up and mad cuz i didn't went out to the lake today!!! 
Ugh just woke up I'm still tired 
Ugh just woke up with left red eye!!!!!  No code with contacts at 2AM in the morning 
ugh kyle is going to be asleep all day  i miss himmmmm
Ugh lirr delays 
ugh lost his buzz 
ugh mad tired. i only had 4 hours of sleep. 
Ugh majorly hungover this morning from grad celebration and now a cold ??  #fb
Ugh make time stop for about to more hours. I don't want to go back to work yet I need more sleep still cause I really don't feel well 
Ugh math exam today   Studied for like 6 hours yesterday, hope I'm gonna pass
ugh mcdonalds is a danzer tone to my stomach ever since i saw 'supersize me' 
Ugh migrane and i have to drive a half hour home 
ugh Monday eve 
ugh more bad weather 
Ugh moving very very slow today 
ugh my angst...  Miss the 90's 
Ugh my apps dont work on my iphone since I updated 
ugh my blackberry won't let me click any buttons so i can't even log onto twitter from it  bust
ugh my computer wont let me go on any websites besides twitter, youtube &amp; google cuz of some antivirus shit! fckin text me 
ugh my day is pretty much ruined. 
Ugh my eye lids are refusing to saty up 
ugh my face is swollen  one side of my face looks like i way 200pounds! the other, normal... geez someone fix it
Ugh my feet hurt. 
uGh mY foOt rlly rlly HuRts! anD iiTS alL hiiS FaulT!! 
UGH MY HAIR WON'T DRY!!!!!!!! If I blow it dry I'll get the puffin 
ugh my hairs a frizzy mess from the pool  oh well at least i had fun
ugh my head, too many margaritas for a monday  Can't wit for the Arsenal game though!!!
ugh my house sitting is coming to an end 
Ugh my internet is being stupid. 
ugh my i-pod is being mean and won't group all my Marty Casey songs together 
Ugh my least favorite aunt just came over for dinner  FML.
ugh my legs are sooo sore!!!! long run felt good tho, probably a bad idea that i did it right before a long work night 
ugh my legs hurt soo bad  cant sleep because of it
Ugh my life is shit!  I no longer have a place to live.  
ugh my momma has to work today have to wait one more day for posole Boooo 
Ugh my neck is absolutely killing me 
ugh my night has just begun...here's to another fun all-nighter 
Ugh my passport looks like a reckless mugshot! so sad 
ugh my permit picture is FUG 
ugh my phone is acting like the devil right now...i'm gonna have to call Sprint  it's gonna take life...
Ugh my photobucket has exceeded its bandwidth limit and has been disabled until the 10th 
Ugh My power keeps going off and on 
ugh my room is soooo hot and my legs feel like lead 
Ugh my shoulder hurts and I'm sun burnt 
ugh my stomach hurts right now! this isn't a good feeling! 
Ugh my throat hurts like a mug 
ugh my throat hurts. 
Ugh my throat is absolutely fucking killing me - And I have to help move shit or something like that 
ugh my tum tum hurts  is it friday yet? i need some sleep!!
Ugh my tummy freakin hurts 
Ugh my tummy is not happy 
ugh neck still hurts...can't afford a massage though 
ugh need a car so bad  never ganna be by senior year
Ugh need coffee, did not sleep well last night 
Ugh no break at 1245 now  that sux!!! Oh well lol
Ugh no cereal in my house?! 
Ugh no tickets left at the roots picnic. Going home 
ugh no, rcn had all the true blood episodes on demand now it only has 10-13 
ugh nobody's on i miss u joe jonas thatjonaskidjoe 
Ugh not even 6 hours of sleep  and i have to take the SAT &gt;:-P
Ugh not fair. I dont want to go to fresno with my mom. 
Ugh now I feel miserable. Man reading that stuff was a baad idea  Might go start making cupcakes instead of shopping and feeling worse
Ugh now i have Heartburn ... 
Ugh now im seriously doubting whether ill be 'unbanned' when it says I will  and I was so looking forward to getting back on then...gah!
Ugh on my way to work. 
Ugh our electricity just turned off!! Hooray for a storm 
ugh out the shower n freezing I need a blankie 
Ugh phone I'll be back later. 
Ugh Photoshop CS4 won't install 
ugh rainnn 
Ugh ran around Hyde Park during lunch hr. Haven't run for a month! Thght I was going to die!! 
Ugh really bad night's sleep. Don't want to go to work 
Ugh religion and literature finals  but only 2 hours of school! Hahahahaha!
UGH school tomorrow. and early, too.  only 87 more days until graduation! ...so freakin' long... D:
ugh sdre isnt coming here  lame. today can suck my dick.
Ugh should i make it my third day in a row in the pool? I really don't wanna 
ugh should really go to bed 
Ugh sick. Goodnight everyone. Friday FAIL! 
ugh slept horrible without him by my side 
ugh so annoying- Torrie's show on NBC isn't airing here right now cause of the Metro train accident thats been on the news 24/7 ugh 
ugh so boredddd! 
ugh sO far day has started Off bad  hOpe it gets better
Ugh so hard to wake up.... Annnnd now I have to study 
Ugh so tired and desperately needs to get this cv done 
ugh so tired- i think i'm going to call it a night 
ugh so tired i wish i could just curl up in bed and sleep for forever! 
Ugh so tired!  Long day at work then hopefully something fun 
ugh so upset. the day after ordering my mac, a promotion is on : get a free ipod touch when you purchase a mac for uni. 
Ugh star testing today..... 
ugh still cant believe ronaldo is going to real madrid 
ugh still no phone. curse the person who stole it. fuck shoes. they took all my picturesssssss. 
ugh still trying to figure out my chem. now I find out that my lifeline is not home 
Ugh still working.  i still got hella work to do for class  and leo is coming over so i still have to pick up the house Fml MJ
ugh strep throat sux 
ugh studding alllll day today 
ugh studying math gives me a headache.  and now i'm too tired/lazy to do anything else. even tho i really really should.
Ugh such a nice day and i have work  hangout afterwards???
Ugh such an uneven tan 
Ugh sun burns 
ugh sunburn  I got a nice sunburn yesterday lol.
UGH super bummed I have to work this morning and miss the Spain game, which also means missing Fernando 
Ugh super tired y'all 
ugh swear to god if i cry myself to sleep one more night im tearing my eyes out.  &quot;lightening crashes&quot; playing now wtf. bum city yo.
ugh swearing and waving my arms around in the coffee shop. too much coffee too early inthe morning 
ugh Syracuse weather sucks 
ugh talk about bad morning 
ugh tell me why my man pau gasol was at t.g.i fridays and i was trapped in this damn bar 
Ugh that sucked ass. Work for the rest of the day 
Ugh that walmart was so hot and white  is it wrong that I can see how people become agoraphobics?
Ugh that's it imma stop eating 
Ugh the rtm and aoa is here  at work ily &lt;('-')&gt;
ugh the smell of subway is making me sick today 
UGH THESE BRACES R KILLING MY FREAKIN TEETH!!! 
Ugh this history paper is killing me. Its not even hard I'm just lazy and tired 
Ugh this is like my  favoriteeeee moooovie 
ugh this is sooo anoying i can barely walk cuz i feel like i got a rok atachd 2 my foot and da doc said not 2 walk alot 
Ugh this is stupid i have to actually go to cricket and by the tickets for warped tour there. 
ugh this lame !!! 
ugh- this sickness needs to go away. i hate the coughing more than anything. 
ugh this sucks 
Ugh time for work im sooooo tired though 
ugh time fr skool BOREING id rather b cleaning! than go 2 skool poor me! 
Ugh time warner cable makes me want to scream!!! They won't be able to come until Friday!!!! Ugh!!!!! 
ugh tired! and still have 50 pgs left!  i think i'll just finish watching the kardashians and go to bed.  skool tomorrow UGH!!!  xxMeg
ugh to much on my mind for me to sleep 
Ugh today was supposed to be amazing,  how come its the worst  day of my summer now? 
ugh todays fathers day and im mad at my dad oh great 
ugh tomorrows monday and i gotta do all my hw 
ugh too early....need more sleep! Noy looking forward to a ten hour work day 
Ugh train cancelled meaning I can't go to the gym &amp; see my trainer  but means that I can pack my bag tonight!
Ugh ugh ewww my face is so swollen 
Ugh ugh ugh no classic crime or owl city 
Ugh ugly but 
Ugh up early and sick to my stomach. Not good 
Ugh up early! Gotta wrk til 630 then fastin til my test tomorr!  you never miss solids til your told you can't have em!
Ugh usernames are so hard to create. 
UGH vball game is cancelled tonight, dundies  the other team didn't have enouh players  
Ugh volleyball time... I don't wanna go, I don't wanna go, I DON'T WANT TO GO! 
ugh walking home! ;( totally failed this regents 
Ugh we have 3 hours an 40 min til we have to be at church...its gonna be a long afternoon 
ugh weak ankles....  my feeties hurt
Ugh what a head ace 
Ugh what a waste of day and I wasn't even hungover! 
Ugh why am I up @ 5:50am. Not feeling so good. 
Ugh why can't i find someone to go to the playoffs with 
ugh why did i make this peanut butter bagel? ughhhhh life is not good 
ugh why did my mum wake me up so early!! 8:45 geesh! I NEED SLEEP! And @princessnadys...there is noth  awww 
ugh why did the weekend go by so quick? Had a really great time. But now it is time to study...for physics. 
Ugh why do we have school tomorrow  I NEED , not want , NEED a sleeeeeep &gt;&lt; like for 15 hours!!!!!!
Ugh why does he have to be here 
ugh why is it that i can't change the font colour of the pop up anymore? stupid css doesn't want to save 
Ugh why is money neccessary to do anything now a days?? No bueno y'all 
Ugh why is the video muted? 
UGH WHY IS THERE AN AD FOR WHATABURGER ON THE MLB GAMEDAY PAGE. DO WANT.  idk why it's on there they don't exist in ohio or illinois.
ugh will study like a maniac from 1.. 
Ugh wisdom teeth comin out effffff my fuckin life the pain Grrrrr 
Ugh wish I had a bed to sleep in 
Ugh wish I was at the Reik show with @doublexme!!!! 
Ugh work  http://twitpic.com/3ll7t
ugh work  I hope the WKAP presale http://bit.ly/xrTzy doesn't sell out before I get home for lunch.
Ugh work is like a mad circus today and I'm running the show! 
Ugh work so early tomorrow!  workin at the pool then amf
Ugh work today im so tired  dont feel like going and its going to be cold ugh
Ugh work tonight and its such a nice day 
ugh work. and its sooo busy. 
ugh workin at the mall on saturdays sucks 
Ugh worst sleeping night ever I have to be up in 5 hours and still can't sleep! 
ugh wow ok im rlly bored in this class i was hoping bio would be a bit more interesting  maybe i need my old grade 8 sci teacher back!
ugh you people dont know what it is like to be me 
Ugh!  Been sick all week!  Somebody save me!!!  
Ugh!  Been waiting for Kev for a minute and still nothing SMH.  
ugh!  can't fall back asleep 
Ugh!  I have to drive all the way to Oakland tomorrow to meet with the Labor Board and the prick that screwed me over!  
Ugh!  Just wasted a whole avacado!  The concoction I made was not good 
Ugh!  Why can't I make good tea's anymore? 
Ugh! 13 hour work day. 
Ugh! Back 2 work!  4 1/2 more hours! Ahhhh!
Ugh! Back at work on monday morning. I'm soooooore still from saturday! 
Ugh! Backlight on MacBook busted. Whole LCD needs to be replaced. 
Ugh! Being forced to watch a dvd of ''the eagles'', it's torture! 
Ugh! Brought my phone charger to work but left my phone at home  iPhone less for a day. #fb
ugh! can only talk a bit.. not gonna talk too much, so i am gonna speak as much as possible in one tweet. just broadcasting REAL news. 
ugh! cleaning my house ... would you help me  haha jk... and yes i like it . dont hate.
UGH! Curse social networking, text messaging, and boys!!  I just want to go to bed... Need to think of a way to use this negative energy..
Ugh! Doing my english homework, its actuley really hard .. I cant think of what to write .. im deffo going to fail 
Ugh! Friday is Monday 
Ugh! Good Morning. 
Ugh! Gotta wake up at 3 tomorrow morning 
UGH! Guess not. Don't open til 9 
Ugh! I am very sore and sunburned from working out in the yard yesterday 
Ugh! I can't access through my mobile web! 
ugh! i cant believe i didnt see transformers 2 today! maybe l8er 
Ugh! I can't fall asleeep! And now I'm not going to d's game cause he's sicky poo. 
ugh! I can't sleep when I'm mad! 
ugh! I don't have anything to eat 
Ugh! I dropped 25 bucks last night somewhere while I was out!! 
ugh! i had to wake up early on saturday, i hate wakin up early especially on a saturday! 
Ugh! I hate rain!! Im all wet  Yea umbrellas were def irrelavent. Cant wait til I move to the desert (Arizona). Less than 3% rainfall/yr!
UGH! I hate spiders!!! Why god made them idk? To give me heart attacks. Great now my chest is gonna hurt and I'm paranoid. 
Ugh! I have so much to do! 
Ugh! I have to beat this stupid song to get to the next  rude!
ugh! i have to wake up at 5 tomorrow! stupid softball 
Ugh! i just fell asleep for like 4 hours! i have so much work! why didnt i wake up?! 
Ugh! I just love waking up every hour and a half. 
UGH! I just tried to order an iPhone and it won't work  I guess I'll have to wait even longer :/
Ugh! I lost my carrr keys 
UGH! I missed church  Didn't got to be til 7am.
Ugh! I need to get a steadier stream of income to at least maintain minutes on my cell. I want to text, but I can't... 
ugh! i wake up and ff goes to sleep  guess i should just do more revision
Ugh! I wanna play dnd but i know i'm going to fail this final. I NEED to study 
Ugh! I wasted time and made @sheriffab come with me  I'm sorry man...
Ugh! If only the rookie made that basket 
ugh! im really hating my ipod right now it wont work jezz i will die without music 
Ugh! Im so cranky, insomnia = insanity. IM TIRED but my eyes wont close 
Ugh! I'm so over this!  yeah for failure
Ugh! I'm still feeling sick this morning. I wish it would just go away. 
UGH! im super tired!! 
Ugh! It's such a banana pancake day!   
Ugh! It's too early... Going to eat some yummy artery-clogging Mexican food for breakfast... Great first day of my diet (NOT)... 
Ugh! Jus found out my fav momdukes of my hood jus passed away smh  oh God! Tears 4real hold on
Ugh! Just lost a big one 
Ugh! Keegan is sick! Justin feels sick and i'm just worn down! I'm sore and achey. 
Ugh! Mommy has a potty mouth   I need to chilax and enjoy the silliness. When did I stop being fun?
Ugh! My back hurts 
Ugh! My stomach has been upset all morning long  I wonder if it has to do with the smoke from the fire... :|
Ugh! Not again! My sister dropped my g1 in the pool. ahh... thats my 3rd phone,this month 
Ugh! Ok I've been up for 25 hrs &amp; still wired. *sigh* But I have a FULL day ahead of me! 
Ugh! OMG... I am so pissed, got caught in the rain, and has been waiting for my friend to come meet me at BDC since 3 like WTF 
Ugh! One of my pots fell off the milkcan - a bit of a mess to clean up 
ugh! political robo calls have started 
UGH! So jealous of my boys and their vodka fruit!  Happy Pride! I miss you guys!
Ugh! so sleepy I want to go back to bed and cuddle with my Tony   
Ugh! Stupid delicious blue popcicle martini did me in! Manda wants her scrambled eggs &amp; bacon now...  
Ugh! such an early wake-up call! 
ugh! that was a tiring run! I hate the Texas sun! 
ugh! the neverending fight, i dont want to do this anymore, why should i? i found out im really not capable of doing it. 
UGH! the url site is too long it's not letting me post it 
UGH! There is no stick and puck today at Centennia but there is an open skating session. Not sure if I can do it without pads 
Ugh! They repeat the show again! So LAME! No good shows 
UGH! work til 7...and then a paper and then have to study for a test  booo! can't wait to get outtaaa summmaschool!
ugh! writing this paper. 
Ugh!! Atlantica is turn-based? That means it is out for me 
Ugh!! Can't sleep. 
Ugh!! Channel 4 put  &quot;Sully's&quot; win as their lead sports story.  Channel 5's??  &quot;Hopeless&quot; Hines didn't menchion it!!    #FAIL
UGH!! I hate being sick 
ugh!! I missed the hills again!!  Cable plz!!
Ugh!! I need something 2 do! This was supposed to be the highlight of my day..what a dud! 
UGH!! im scared for monday...my parents are probably gonna take my laptop because of my math test they're gonna see... 
Ugh!! My back hurts!!! 
ugh!! my brother and his friends are going to a movie... no fair, I haven't been to a movie in sooo long! 
ugh!! what a migraine  *ouch*
ugh!!! caffine pills making me feel not good right now  really dont feel like going back to work
ugh!!! FML i accidently put my ipod thru the wash!!! who does that?!?! 
Ugh!!! Got sick last night, tummys upset, freezing then sweating ...  not good.
UGH!!! i have to go to Colorado  i dont wanna go anyways gotta get ready tty in 3 weeks :'(
UGH!!! NO  cry cry
Ugh!!! Stomach hurts 
UGH!!! this sucks sooo bad 
UGH!!! Warm flat Guinness  Still yummy tho 
ugh!!!!! guys are such idiots!!!!   
ugh!!!!! i'm 500 dollars short for bills this month!!!!!! 
ugh!!!!!!! im soooo tired 
UGH!!!!!!!!! I'm losing a great party!! 
ugh!!!!!!!!!! I have a sore throat.......... again... it hurts!!!!!!!! 
ugh!now i can't go shopping -.-' it's night,and the shoops are closed...   mom went to the movies with dad.(the hotel's cinema)hahaha
ugh,  mat was on lunch but lunch wasn't ready....  
Ugh, &quot;Matron of Honor&quot; makes me sound so... matronly 
Ugh, 2 &amp; a half hour hours sitting in a dentist surgery  And I was only with the dentist for 20 minutes :L
Ugh, 6:30AM flight equals sad me 
ugh, all my pics r too bog 4 twitter 
ugh, and of course my last backup was a month ago. i guess that'll do. 
Ugh, another reason to not like the Pens...the guy who hurt Vinny's shoulder is on the team   Let's go Detroit, lets take Game 2!
ugh, Archie is so kind and all things I want in a guy is with him. When he`s going to leave . I`ll really cry . I`ll be crazy 
Ugh, been feeling sick all day 
ugh, been so focused on recovering my data that I completely missed my p90x workout 
ugh, bloody hay fever 
Ugh, Burger King not agreeing with me. Should have listened to those reviews of &quot;Food, Inc&quot; I read today 
Ugh, called in 1 day from work &amp; today my desk is covered w/paperwork along with a shh load of emails to reply to!! Can u say &quot;regret&quot;  
UGH, chevy tahoe, or yukon denali OR the 350 z car is ahhhamazing! I want one of them 
Ugh, Class tomorrow 
Ugh, didn't get to Dad soon enough.  
Ugh, dude, I'm STILL peeling from the sunburn, I am never going to the beach again! 
Ugh, even hunting for a min wage job is depressing nevermind a game dev one. No one is hiring at all. 
Ugh, feel like shut... Pleeease don't let this be flu; I have an exam on Thurs and I don't wanna be forced into Special Consideration  #fb
Ugh, finals week + financial woes = epic sleep and happiness fail. 
ugh, first day back at work and i get a six hour shift?   
Ugh, flunked the online quiz. Got 45 
ugh, foot hurts [hurt it in hockey 2day  ]
ugh, freaking insomnia. 
ugh, fuck I'm going to be in so much shit today. If I don't get online at all later, call the police bc my mom's probably killed me 
Ugh, fuck you, mosquitoes! I was just starting to lose my Canadian mosquito bites when American ones found me. 
Ugh, going to work on a sunday.. 
Ugh, got called into work tonight.so sad mama got fired 
Ugh, had a pretty big dinner a couple hours ago but now I'm _starving_ and feel faint from hunger 
Ugh, hasn't taken me long to realise that today is sent to test me 
Ugh, having the squirts  http://tinyurl.com/msxrfu
Ugh, hay fever is really bad today 
Ugh, he hasn't updated in forever!!!  that sucks! I'm gonna e-mail him!
Ugh, heartburn in the middle of the night sucks ass. It makes for a very sleepless night 
ugh, how could i forgot my glove full of water with an eyeball in it!? 
Ugh, how very dismayed I am with all sorts of people today 
Ugh, I brought my honking SLR with me to visit a friend, but forgot my battery 
Ugh, i dont feel good  im just gonnawatch more movies.. Idc if i get in trouible for not having my homewkr
Ugh, I don't know what is wrong with me. I've been feeling so joyless and tired. Really don't like were things are heading at the moment 
ugh, i don't want to be awake for another 6 hours,which i know i will be. tylenol pm maybe? blah. 
Ugh, I drank too much caffeine over the weekend, so now I'm extremely tired and my eyelid is twitching... 
Ugh, I feel like crap today.  Off to the doctors at 8:30 
Ugh, I feel like shit-- gonna call out of my classes today  hope it doesnt affect my grade
Ugh, I feel sluggish and heavy today. And as though I am getting nothing accomplished but running in circles. 
Ugh, I feel so fat and bloated. I am NOT LONGER enjoying cookie week 
Ugh, I felt it coming all day, and after a killer workout and a much deserved meal...I got to see it in reverse. ugh ugh ugh. I hate meds 
Ugh, i forgot to hand in my lab book, i'll have to hand it in on Monday 
Ugh, I found out what my following problem was...sorry having to unfollow a lot of people.  
Ugh, I got sun burned at the beach today 
Ugh, I gotta finish packin! 
ugh, i had a fatty headache last night  AND I'M STILL SICK! wtfuckkkk??? -_-
ugh, i hate having nightmares and then waking up feeling super scared because they felt so real. 
ugh, i hate it when you have bad dreams and cant fall back asleep  off to pull 12hrs
Ugh, i hate waiting in airports. I couldn't find a seat near an outlet either. 
Ugh, I hate waiting. But I have good reason. Hope my next 2 shifts go quick! 
Ugh, I hate when my feet doesn't reach the floor when I sit at the back of the bus 
ugh, I have a headache 
Ugh, I have been so un-productive with art the past week. 
ugh, i have like a permanent headache! i want to go ice skating tomorrow but apparently its closed! GAYYY i dont want holidays to end 
ugh, i have such a bady belly-ache 
ugh, i have to fill my auntys ipod up with her music, that means I have to put 556 CDs onto the itunes 
Ugh, I hope that Comic Con schedule changes. I don't want to miss Chuck 
Ugh, I just want school to be over already. 
Ugh, i meant to  say that i had beautiful dreams.  I just wish they were real... 
Ugh, I miss my gf 
Ugh, I miss you. 
ugh, i must have a terrible immune system. i keep getting sick  .i think i need some zzzz's
Ugh, i need someone to take over my VEDM for today, i've got too much on and my head hurts 
Ugh, I probably won't sleep tonight I'm so anxious! and the thoughts are just zooming around in my head. No rest for the weary. 
Ugh, i really better not be getting a soar throat on a glorious day, with my luck i'll be stuck inside and it will be gorgeous out! 
Ugh, I really wanna watch US vs. Brazil in the #confederations cup tomorrow, but its on at 6:30am 
ugh, I want food and I can't eat   I hate fasting lab work.  probably won't be able to eat for another 5 hours or so.
ugh, i want to go to the gym today BUT MY FEET ARE KILLING ME. why won't they stop hurting??? it's been like three months 
ugh, i want to so badly.  *sigh* es la vida. @stephenFerosh i'll make you scream
Ugh, I was having a really great night...  
ugh, i was so hungry i scarfed my lunch before i even thought to take a pic.   #feastfriday
Ugh, i wish i was out in the sun   Cant wait for the weekend!!
ugh, ice cream at midnight was delicious but also a mistake. tummy hurts 
Ugh, I'm also running a fever 
Ugh, I'm going to be at my grandma's house helping her with a knee that just had surgery. Not much Internet for a week or two. 
Ugh, I'm just gonna tool around and be sad all day 
ugh, im sooo tiredd!!  work until five, text me, adn we will hangout after!
ugh, is the cellcast super faily for anyone else? so garbled and blogtv keeps buffering. 
Ugh, it's not the live feed, she is too fast :/ BWAH, I can't listen to it this way, she sang well but totally out of sync 
Ugh, it's SATURDAY!!  Why am I awake at this ungodly hour? 
Ugh, it's so depressing not knowing whether the Jonas Brothers will be touring Australia or not 
Ugh, ive been denied so many cravings. Now its red velvet cake and nachos 
Ugh, I've been stuck on the same bit of code forever now. Somewhere there's a loop occuring and I can't find it. 
Ugh, I've forgotten how to function this early.  Oh! 200th tweet!
Ugh, i've taken my hayfever tablet but it doesn't seem to be kicking in this morning 
Ugh, just finish a health exa...74% 
Ugh, Laptop Charger Broke So Cant Download The New iPhone 0S Software 
ugh, looks like i have to give up my blacberry, trackball still not working, sad day     need to feel productive, but where's the energy?
Ugh, me be bored. 
Ugh, migraine. 
Ugh, Monday.  Miss you @dorkyromeo 
Ugh, Monday. Time for school 
Ugh, more blood? Here comes the needle 
Ugh, mornings are hella ugly &amp; there's NOTHING on TV... 
Wimbledon starting tomorrow....but Star Sports not added in my channel package 
Wimbledon won't be the same without Nadal 
Wimp!   Lonelyandroid ):
windermere 09 was fantastic, miss all u guys 
Winding down my days in Ohio... The next 2 will b the hardest 
Winding up chores from the day...going to watch a little tv and get ready for inservice tomorrow 
Windows 7 didn't work on my vpr Matrix 200A5 laptop. Video, sound, network, and modem drivers were not available even after searching. 
Windows 7 download is corrupt - another long wait for the download 
Windows 7 op een Lenovo Tablet? Don't go there. Power management is een drama, blue screens all over the place   Terug naar vista...
Windows is crap .. airtel/vodafone live do not work on windows mobile systems ...   waste of having a business fone if no connectivity 
Windows live ad on facebook is very cool looking. Altho it's made in flash 
Windows sucks. Automatic boot restore deleted 25Gb...  another way why don't choose win, linux won't del data in auto mode!
Windows updates suck. There are so freaking many of them. 
windows\system32\config\system if anybody knows how to fix that please msg me about it. its getting annoying  ~Michael/Doomlight
Winds picked up and the temperature has dropped..... Yup, it's gonna rain 
Windsor Drive is leaving 
Windstream's email is almost as annoying as dealing w/ that damn bank. 
windy as hell out just watched my hat fly off a cliff and i liked that hat to   
wine + baileys = very ill + one lost day = dehydrating + being sent home from work  bad bad baaaaad times
Wine + Cocktails = Ouch 
WINE AND TELEVISION . . . WANNA DO SOMETHING THO 
Wine tasting with the family. Unfortunately I'm the designated driver. 
Wine: RossoFreddo (chilled red) w slice of peach, sangiovese blend during meal. Pics didn't work  Svago is now in my top 5, was amazing!
wineries, historical towns, hot springs, national park, caves, hiking, canoeing, - I WANT TO DO ALL THESE THINGS 
wingin my lit exam tomorrow... It's gonna be death 
Wings shutout Pens last night and took away any momentom they had in the Stanley Cup Finals. I'm not ready for Detroit to win again. 
Wings.. 
Wingster changed their honey bbq sauce... Its nasty now 
Winnebago is bleeding green stuff! I wish i knew jack about cars. I hope we make it to the show.  
Winston caught a moth.. and then ate it... 
Winter has come!  Only, it's a rainy winter 
winter is coming in 2 days  
winter is limiting my tramping plans... 
winter uniform         
winter.... was too much for me  9 degrees  - and I forsook Stretton for Tescos. Sellout.
WinterBoard is not working on 3.0 yet.  I want my themes!
Winterboard, openSSH, MxTube, and things like that aren't working at all for me on 3.0 
winterrrrrrr  besides that, I CANNOT BE BOTHERED EDITING :'( sorry guiss
Winter's Festival will be horrible this year 
Wipeout  I really wish Joe Joe was here to help me, or Maurice who's MIA!!!
wired to the wallllls and i have to work in 6 hours 
Wireframing madness. Too many ideas. Not enough space 
Wireless internet isnt working cause...long story. but what u need to know is im stuck in the basement on the slowest comp ever 
wireless is acting schizophrenic... sometimes its good, sometimes not... think we fried it a couple days ago 
wireless is down  my router is a saviour
Wireless poor so my Mac is using Ethernet cable. Guess I'll be partying at #stc09 like it's 1999?  Off to Leadership Day (all day) soon.
Wireless router keeps breaking  hopefully getting a new one today or tomorrow
Wireless suuuucks tonight. Can't I steal internet in peace? 
Wires wires and more wires. Thank god(s) online transfers start soon. But then I won't have any excuses to be off the line. 
wirking on website again... but i have to take care of my exam 
Wisconsin Historical Society has kinda failed me.  @raanve is actually filling out a comment card.
Wisdom teeth are a bussstt 
wisdom teeth hurt 
Wisdom teeth hurt  (OUcH)
wisdom teeth pulled  so swollen
Wisdom teeth shall make their grand exit from my head in 30 mins. Not excited. In fact, scared? 
Wisdom teeth surgery 
Wisdom tooth is growing Ive got a toothache 
Wisdom tooth=kills! Ahh I can't chew gum on that side anymore 
Wisdom-tooth-surgery knocked me out on monday.. Am still recovering from the &quot;hamster-look&quot; 
wish  there was a super fast phd program 
Wish #dmb were coming back to CO this tour! 
Wish #peoplebrowsr would warn me when a retweet was too long.  
Wish &quot;Cartoon&quot; Network didn't throw away Transformers Animated.  Talk about wasted potential. 
wish @nazzyjacobs was here with us... 
wish 2moro goes as planned 
wish a never got the daft tattoo, a canny sunbed  lol
Wish all of her friends didn't have to always work so she had someone to play with 
Wish Ambersons was on DVD, and I wish I had remembered it was on TCM tonight. 
Wish Broadway was affordable. Would love to be excited for Tony Awards, but haven't seen any shows. 
wish chip was here 
wish could be in JKT for shaayna's birthday on thursday  
wish didn't have to work 2moro.. wanted to go to marra 
wish gaga wud hav a concert in LONDON!!!!!   x
wish guitar lessons would be longer... 
wish he was here w mee now   i cant wait to see him !
Wish he was still here 
wish he would just come surprise me like he usually does.. 
Wish I can disappear sometimes, but where is my cave?  So awkward here...Feels like I'm lost in the middle of sea.
Wish I can jet to L.A. with my cousin... Oh how it has been too long! I misss my L.A. family 
Wish I could afford all the amazing gigs that are on at the moment. 
Wish I could attend E3 or send E or Jenn for a half day  but reports and moving wait for no show. &gt;.&lt;
Wish I could attend E3 this year. But these small events like the NBA and Stanley Cup Finals keep getting in the way.   Work, work, work.
wish i could attend the 789 gathering 
wish i could bail out on work tmrw, but i live w my store manager! stuck in downtown disney traffic, tryna get home 
Wish I could be at the Texas Reds Festival with @stevefullhart and @FritoOnCandy  maybe Murphy's Law later dudes?
Wish I could be going to E3 this week.  
Wish I could be heading to LA for E3.  *le sigh* Maybe someday.
Wish I could be in 10 places at once but I can't.  I and everyone else just need to face it there's only 1 of me.
Wish I could be in Battersea right now to give George a cuddle 
Wish I could be in Canada right now!! 
wish i could be in via funchal  yesterday, @tommcfly, @Dannymcfly, @dougiemcfly, @mcflyharry were PERFECT, the best day in my life XX
Wish I could be kayaking with husband this weekend 
Wish i could be outside enjoying the sun... 
Wish I could be poolside  fuck shingles!
Wish i could be seeing kathy griffin tonight 
wish I could be webcamming with soreal but I'm resting for my exam tomo @ 9 
Wish I could be with ma dukes today!  Happy Mothers Day to all mothers!.. Playing make up til 6:30. PS: I am changing my # for suuure.
wish I could beach it up like everyone else today  working 2-close is going to suckkkkkk
Wish I could crack my PSP for the SCUMMVM games like #monkeyisland etc &amp; brokensword...have the Pandora Battery&amp; Memory card but confused 
wish I could delete my myspace, but I dont have the email I use to sign into it anymore 
wish I could drive, it's too hot to walk to Whitley Bay and back 
Wish I could follow the folks to the USA. 
wish i could get cought up on bills 
Wish I could get excited about it being Friday but I'm on call all weekend  #fb
Wish I could go find some of Lily Allen's tickets 
Wish I could go out tonight but my vacay is ovr. Gotta be to wrk in the morn 
wish i could go rink sorry kayleigh  xx
wish i could go see Lauren's disco show saturday. Boooo 
Wish I could go see Wolverine this weekend but have too much work to do 
wish i could go swimming...it's effing hot!  instead, i have to go to work, 3-8 
Wish I could go to Brookes Brothers tonight and Blame tomorrow 
Wish I could go to japan this weekend  got to workout with my mom today.
Wish i could go to Smcc graduation 2day  farmgirl@&lt;3
wish i could go to the #big weekend# but i didnt get tickets 
Wish I could go to the movies  don't have a ride. But going to get the Jonas brothers cd at midnight tonight. IDC what you have to say 
wish I could go to the no doubt,paramore,bedouin soundclash show 
wish i could go to the show tonight. there's a yorkie that looks like mine running up and down the street. 
Wish I could go to the Splading Inn with Jason and Grant to go Ghost Hunting. But I'm Broke 
Wish I could go to the transformers premiere.  READMIT!
Wish i could have a quite weekend but its not going to happen this weekend 
Wish i could have as many followers as i did tweets...but im not that popular 
Wish I could have coughed up the money to go to the NIN/JA show tonight in Noblesville 
Wish I could have gone to Phoenix this weekend for Pure Fashion and to meet a fellow twitter friend but I guess it was not meant to be 
wish I could have hung out with my subscribers longer!!! You guys were amazing, but we had to leave a little early 
Wish I could hug my baby @useofforceent...she not feelin' well 
wish i could i could be noticed for my singing i guess it's just not ment to be 
wish i could leave here and go live in LA 
Wish I could make it through ONE movie without falling asleep.  I'm a old lady...
Wish I could make it tonight http://twtvite.com/w51zy6 - have fun everyone. 
Wish I could of been at graduation today  hope this week flys by
wish i could of gone to bamboozle 
Wish I could of stayed at Soraya party last night  aslo to all my new followers
wish i could party too tomorrow 
Wish I could play the piano...  
Wish i could play xbox 
Wish I could practice what I preach.....  
wish i could rip someone in 2 over my back  damn you kratos!
Wish I could say good morning...Woke up sick and still came to work!  Boo! Have a good day everyone!
Wish I could say same for my foot...dropped it on it &amp; I'm bruised &amp; swollen 
Wish I could see @3eb play in Seattle tonight. I miss @stephanjenkins 
Wish i could see britney in July  But that's alright MICHAEL WILL COME! Well i hope so...
wish i could see the steelwells and we are the pilots tonight  waaah :'(
Wish I could see the world cup next year in S.Africa 
Wish I could shake this sickness from me 
wish i could sing for living!!! i'd do it in my sleep. Haha Imma beast. but til then gotta get a boring job! Hmm 
Wish I could sleeeeeep  Tap tap revoloution is a life ruiner
wish i could sleep normal hours like most ppl its usually me, @sheselectric_ &amp; @ChrisEfs up all hours of the night.just me tonight 
wish i could sleep right about now 
wish i could sleep...  
Wish I could stop hitting âŒ˜-H when I'm trying to hit âŒ˜-G (find next) 
Wish I could sync iCal w/ my BB Bold  PocketMac doesn't work and neither does MissingSync. RIM, please make Desktop Manager for Mac ASAP!
Wish I could trade lives with him because I don't like waking up tomrrow he dose. @ the same time could this be pay back. Hope not  LLYL
wish i could tweet from my cell without it costing me 10 cents each time  i hate my phone .
wish i could vote  defo for starvos flatley!!! #BGT
wish I could watch Woman under the influence but Myke left and I cant watch it without him 
wish i could've been at dance this morning!!!! 
wish i could've been at the grove yesterday with my bestie but we both couldnt go  but we still luv u mitchell musso kinda jk
Wish I could've gone to Wango Tango 
Wish I didn't have class tomorrow and could just go lay out by the pool   I need a tan....
wish i didnt have to move english classes. i have no friends 
Wish i didnt have to work today   cinema tonight though
wish I didnt have to work tomorrow 
wish I got to sleep in! 
Wish I had a 450D ... 
Wish I had a better haircut. 
Wish I had a car  It's record store day AND Marley Fest!
Wish I had a dinner date like @cswhitaker. 
wish i had a drink 
Wish I had a fantasy factory to make ppls fantasy a reality. 
Wish I had a grilled cheese or something. Cereal won't do it right now. 
Wish I had a laptop charger so I could tweet faster 
wish i had a pool i don't  i almost ran out while the spriklers where on oops...
wish I had a pool to swim in today 
Wish I had a PS3 over a 360 now 
Wish I had a sugar daddy right so I can get pre-sale Tiger Army Tix!!! 
Wish I had a webcam, so I could do tutorials on YouTube.  
Wish i had all the seasons of family guy on CD  sigh
Wish I had all the XBLM downloads all on the gamertag 'Hitokyri'. This 5 gamertag thing is nonsense... and I'm tired of it 
Wish I had black/yellow terminators 
wish i had enough extra $ to reactivate my netflix account 
Wish I had enough money to go to Mount Pleasant tonight. 
wish i had friends in dallas that actually liked to go out....sho miss my bff 
wish i had gone to Parise's for food and drinks!  
Wish I had money to go to Friday's game 
Wish I had money. Found all 4 Saiyuki resin kits on ebay. 
Wish I had more time to tweet  Off to pick up twins then shopping - special request for pasta &amp; meatballs for tea from Thomas
Wish i had my bike with me 
wish i had my guitar 
wish i had my hat. Im sad 
Wish I had my laptop today 
wish i had my skateboard...too bad it's at home 
Wish I had some taco bell  fuck del taco in da face
wish i had some viet pork chop sandwiches instead of the dried chicken one 
Wish i had someone to cuddle with so i can fall asleep 
wish i had something to do today 
Wish I had something to do!!! 
Wish I had taken the day off work today, my feet ache! 
wish i had the ability to write as good as the oceana dudes on the new record 
Wish i had the day off 2day....... 
Wish I had time for reboot too  Hope to go next year! #reboot11
Wish I had time for some Cold Stone before work 
wish I had tix to The Fray tonight in Nj, would of made my miserable day much better 
Wish I hadn't missed Since You Walked into My Life earlier   Kicks myself
Wish i knew how to play guitar 
WISH I KNOW WHO THE WINNER WAS FOR THE XSPARKAGE CHILDHOOD SHOW CONTEST.  
Wish I lived closer to Reno so retirees wouldn't snag up Craigslist goods before I could get to 'em.  
Wish I lived in a time where having to have 2 jobs was completely unnecessary..     (*sleepy*)
Wish I lived in or atleast relatively close to Ohio!   Haven't seen @SmallTown_Troy or @Derk_McLoven in almost a year.
Wish i lived in Santa Monica to go to the &quot;secret&quot; FTSK show on the pier. 
Wish i lived on the east coast so i could go to Bamboozle today 
Wish i never went out at the weekend 
Wish I stayed to see the LV art show 
wish I used mail merge more often then twice a year - always forget what the heck I am doing 
Wish I was @ wembley 
Wish I was a DTF with my friends 
Wish I was a Migratory Bird .. then I could travel freely ... no passport required and no visa ka chakkar   
Wish I was at #hcmd09 today, but it completely passed me by.  Can't wait to check out the stream though!
Wish I was at #Mesh09 
Wish I was at churchhhhhhh!  Day 2 of CPR Training. Really wished I was at FFBC.
Wish i was at home in bed on this rainy day 
Wish i was at home so i could take my dad out for father's day 
Wish I was at Oasis, Kasabian and The Enemy tonight but instead I'm working. 
wish i was at pinkpop 
wish I was at the bar 
Wish I was at the parade, all I could do is sit here and watch on foxla.com 
Wish I was at the Roots Picnic  Friend is hitting me on the BBM with details.Hear Santigold is putting on a great performance #rootspicnic
wish i was at the singing for skin trade   no luck in meeting writers when you live down under *sigh*
wish i was at the tlth dvd release  tears
Wish I was at UXLondon today 
wish i was back at the lake. not looking forward to work tomorrow 
wish i was back in Texas!!! 
wish i was closer than 12 hours 
Wish I was dntwn with all the cool kids... I need rent!!!  
Wish i was drinking tonight! 
Wish I was feeling better already 
wish i was goin away dis year 
wish I was going out tonight 
Wish I was going to Adelaide 
wish i was going to bamboozzle 
Wish I was going to be with @KF_ELakeBoss247 at Toby tonight! 
Wish i was going to Brixton tonight 
Wish I was going to E3 
wish i was going to melbourne this wkend for harlot house at tramp! 
Wish I was going to PV09!!  http://jijr.com/hvq8
Wish i was going to rain to see Oakie! However Scotland is a bit far to fly from in time  But bring on sep - i will be there!!! yay!!!
wish I was going to see soul asylum today....   http://is.gd/JW1o
wish i was going to see the manics on this tour but i have no cash at all 
Wish I was going to the apple store opening 
Wish I was going to the Passion Pit show tonight instead of working 
wish i was going tonight. 
wish I was gonna be at the cmt awards tonight 
Wish I was here last night http://bit.ly/24c5K  so not fair 
Wish I was home 
Wish I was home watching Shannon fight, but I'm stuck at work! 
Wish I was in atl with the SE sorors  ahhhh 2 more weeks til the greek and my peeps!
Wish I was in Bournemouth today  - how's it looking down there Dorset folk?
wish i was in Charelston with my sissy 
wish I was in Houston for the @Houston_Dynamo game instead of here for work 
wish i was in nobu tonight 
Wish I was in NZ with @djsirvere and @petrina_xposed  seriously it can't be colder than Sydney right now...
wish i was in orlando wit the fam 
Wish I was in the city right now 
Wish I was in VA so I could go to Friday's at Sunset roun @zillz and Steven's way 
wish I was old enough to book a room at the st. francis for a night... 
wish i was on holidayssssss 
wish i was playing kickball with everyone from the hub tonight 
wish I was riding to work in the pink hummer tonight  Oh to have that 2 hours of fame again!! lol
Wish I was seeing @taylorswift13 on may 22nd 
Wish I Was Seeing Blazin Squad Tonight In Sunderland  i hope they come back as they have new album out this year!! xxxxx
wish I was seeing burn halo, feeling shitty though 
Wish i was seeing The Sats 
Wish I was still at the beach  
Wish I was still cuddling 
Wish I was still in bed 
Wish i was still in cambridge - trains are rubbish 
wish i was tired...but im not 
Wish i was trusted with greater responsibilities than just what's given at work. Kinda sucks feeling unimportant and idle. 
wish i was up the gnolll with everyone else noww 
wish i was watching basketball 
wish i was watching fire works with @keeptheheat  i really miss him
wish i was watching the awards with my friends.  esp. since josh has already fallen asleep. how lame.
Wish I was watching the lightning storm with my momma 
WISH I was watching the MTV Movie Awards right now. I want to see Andy hosting. D: But I am home now and I don't have a free TV here. 
Wish I was with my friends  instead in at home icing my shins
Wish I was with my mom today 
Wish I wasn't a slave to smokes 
wish i wasnt going back to school tomorrow  i want to wear my new top :'( oh well i will just have to wait till the weekend.
Wish I wasn't sick last week. Then I wouldn't be so demotivated 
Wish i wasnt so busy on my day off  oh well... long weekend coming up!
Wish I went to Hamleys today. Could have seen Britney in the flesh again  *No Stalker*
Wish I went to see Joakim last night. Poor decision making 
Wish I were at the Lakers parade 
Wish I were in orlando 
wish i woke up early enough to go cycling  too hot now 
Wish I would have never gotten rid of my blackberry :/ I miss havin a smart phone  Even though it was stupid most of the time &amp; I hated it
Wish I wuz someone's wifey so I could apply to be on Wife Swap 
Wish i'd gone to the Lion Brand Yarn booth at Make Faire! They were giving away bags of free yarn! Bummed. 
Wish I'd started writing this work package earlier 
Wish i'd stop fucking up. If i don't i'm gonna end up losing the ones i love most.  which is already happening.
Wish i'd taken a taxi  ps. Bloody drogba! Tsk x
Wish I'd taken the opportunity to go to Ascot now 
Wish I'd told genius bar i'd do repairs myself if they gave me the parts. &gt;week w/out MacBook is too much 
wish it was Friday!! 
wish it was still holidays! it's neally tuesday already in 7 hours! 
Wish it were the weekend already, with this cold weather, I could curl up in bed with a stack of vids. 2 bad I got work tomorrow 
Wish it weren't so late. I wanted to watch a movie. 
wish it would actually feel like summmer  i wantttt sun.
Wish it would stop raining, it means I have got to do the ironing 
Wish it wouldn't take having a Canadian passport for me to do 4th of July stuff. 
wish iw as at bamboozle! can't believe im missing 3oh!3 and Owl City! 
wish life was all about tweets! 
Wish list: new fragrance (pref brit. Da new fantasy). N ï¿½ new gucci wallet. Mines broke 
Wish me luck in school.  #squarespace
Wish me luck on my finals today! And PLEASE keep me in your prayers! I need to do well in math. Freaking out about that! 
wish me luck ppl, another day on board tha &quot;slave ship&quot;, gonna be a l-o-n-g day FML!! 
Wish more of my friends had twitter 
wish my bestiee was here ; imm so boreed I need too bad she's too far away won't see her till her bday in November 
wish my bro was here  soon enough...soon enough
Wish my city had Starbucks.. 
Wish my computer was working. 
Wish my computer worked so I could Skype with @spdracerx. 
Wish my dad was still alive so I could get him a funny father's day card 
wish my friends were on twitter 
wish my friends werent leaving in the morning  sleep.
Wish my lexi was in ATL. Would be having so much more fun. 
Wish my luck would turn around! 
wish my mom extended her businesstrip to Vietnam, she is buggin me with phonecalls and housechores already in the morning 
Wish my mom was here 
wish my phone wld accept updates 
wish my sore throat/cough would go away 
Wish my sunburns would go away....hate being toasted. 
Wish my sunglasses werent broken right about now 
wish my Twitter Crush was here laid up wit me !! 
wish my upstairs neighbours would stop having such loud violent sounding sex, keep thinking their gonna come thro' the ceiling- tired 
wish nick didnt have to go to college  x
Wish Our Media wouldn't quote Iran state tv  it's propaganda #iranelection
Wish people wouldnt eat bacon rolls on the train in the morning when I havnt had breakfast 
wish project natal had a release date  damn you microsoft leaving me in suspence!
wish she got a wristband to the MMVAs  oh well, next year? Maybe.
wish she had never met a certain person, who is making life very 'blue' 4 her @ the moment 
Wish she wud've run the Derby! Cud've possibly been our next TRIPLE CROWN WINNER if she had!?! 
Wish shopping for Louis Vuitton... Depressing to see how long I'll have to save for the one I like best.  
Wish SNL was on Aus tv... 
Wish somebody woulda told me this was a pool party!!! 
Wish someone would by my 90mm Mamiya MF lens. Needs the money 
Wish someone would go to warped tour cuz im stoked...but dont think it will happen 
Wish someone would send me a nice boobs pic to lighten up my Saturday 
Wish SVN 1.5 could commit individual changes in a file, like git-add can 
wish that all the crap could just settle for a while so i can get back to studying with @WendiTV and getting my A's.. i was doing so well 
wish that i could watch PCD in manila this june.. 
Wish that I was helping out @stevegerrard instead of sitting in a gallery all day 
wish the kids tv hadn't been taken away for the morning..its more of a punishment to me 
wish the Mister hadn't dozed off already 
wish the stupid paps would give Rob a break 
Wish the sun would come out - wanted to wear a summer dress for the Oundle Carnival today 
wish the sun would shine more.  i have a cute yellow dress to wear. COME ON SUN. COME OUT AND PLAY. stupid england.
wish the weather was sunny again . Dont really like the rain  xx
wish the weekend wasnt over yet 
Wish there was a Mike Delfino living on Kew Gardens road so he could come fix my kitchen sink 
thoughts on the new noisettes? i'm missing the crashing drums and screeching vocals 
Thoughts, prayers, peace and love to those impacted by today's #DC Metro tragedy.  What happened red line?  What happened? 
Thousands without power, Taste is cancelled, and all the places to eat are packed. Bad night indeed 
Three am. No sleep 
Three birds tried committing suicide using my car this weekend. I blame global warning. One was successful 
Three canvases and nothing to paint... 
Three consecutive night shifts next week 
three day plan to get my sleep back on schedule. it was going amazingly well. dead tired at 11:30 pm. go to bed. wake up at 1 am. pooo 
Three days ago I was looking at pics from ye olde times. Now you lie dead. RIP bro 
three days of rain at sea! 
three days...five ambiens...no sleep. if i start seeing snakes, i'm checking in. 
Three exams today  but its okay because afterwards..its summer!
three hours into driving to tennessee and im already getting car sick 
Three hours of sleep  fml
Three hours sleep. 
three manual minis make for a miserable me 
Three more hours. Possibly four. 
Three more weeks of school. Will I survive? Find out on the next episode of.... oh forget it. It's Monday 
Three movies I really want to see: Up, Hangover, and Away We Go. Probably have to wait for DVD for all three 
Three shows and counting. 
three songs away from being played across the pond. It makes me miss the UK  http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio2/
Three straight days of sun and nice temperatures in #Peoria... Does that mean what I think it does?  Yep... More rain mid-week 
three two-year-old chimpanzees were confiscated from an logging camp in Cameroon  sad sad photos http://bit.ly/dWg4H
Three weeks from today and my baby will be 1 year old.    He is growing up so fast!
Three weeks until ALA. Exhibitor's badge arrived. Airfares increased $40 since midnight. No good deed goes unpunished. 
Three words... my butt hurts. 
three years ago right now i was on a plane to london 
threeee months  &lt;3
Threw a -8 today in frisbee golf. Came O' so close to acing hole 18 too 
threw her back out yesterday and is stuck in bed all day. So much pain. 
threw my back out working on the scooter 
threw too much salt on my eggs and bacon this morning. 
Threw up 3 times. 
threw up at work. feeling extra sick. 
Thrilled about no more classes for the semester....not so thrilled about exams in 3 days....dreading the day everyone leaves AA for good 
thrilled MARIA SHRIVER  is now following me. then I looked &amp; she is following 45,000 people  O well...at least im one of them right ? 
thrilled to be listening to heart fm again at work 
throat feels shit and I'm performing tomorrow, greaat 
throat hurts  i think I'm going to be sick. need to have flu shot Immediately.
throat hurts :/   cant go running 
throat hurts from my tonsillectomy 
Throat hurts like f***. Didn't take enough H2O yesterday. 
throat hurts now  hate dogs so much
throat hurts!! (&gt;_&lt;) NooOoOo.. not now.. i have to get back to work!! 
throat hurtsssss like ouchy. 
Throat infection is torturing me.. Its been days  hiks
throat infection why donst anyfin go right 4 me 
Throat is fucking killing me 
Throat is itching like crazy, AND I'm sore all over.    I need to work on my abs more.  Focus too much on arms and legs.
Throat is killing me 
throat is killing me!!! 
Throat is killing me. Hard to record videos like this. 
Throat is on FiRe!  green tea with honey all day. ack.
Throat still feels like gravel  Also feeling run down. Taking some over the counter cold medication. Hope I feel better soon!
Throat still hurts pretty stuffy nose going to MD Tuesday may have a small bug 
Throat still really hurts. I think im comming down with something 
throats hurting  bedtime..
Throats killin' me.. I miss my hubby 
Through indy. Next up Columbus, Ohio. Whole lot of nothing 65 mph 
Through the grapevine- OS 3.0 release times: 10am PDT/1pm EST I'll be at work 
Through the Looking Glass. Charlie Pace 
through. And you can't just talk to your mates for help 
Throwing a grad party on Sat with over 80 ppl (2 many to fit in house); it's supposed to rain; no tents available   Any suggestions?
Throwing myself a pity party  I read somethin I liked &quot; when life gives u lemons throw them at ppl&quot; watch out...lol
throwing the exercise ball at my bro's head lmao... but it bounced off his arm the 3rd time and it hit my laptop  nuoooo! it's fine now =p
Throwing up 
Throwing up all night, dammitt  Feeling good now though  How about those sucky soap awards? Nobody who deserves to win ever does 
throwing up for 9 hours = least fun time ever. went to the doctor yesterday. apparently i have norwalk virus. shots suck 
Throwing up is not fun 
Thrown.. and thus broken the RB button.. on a 360 controller 
Ths sand dune N (a quaker) asked me &quot;do you even know what a blog is???&quot;....hes lucky i didnt pck my rght hnd up and follow thrgh 
ths sucks my internet is really crapy i cant download3.0  how are u guys enjoying 3.0????
THSK AT TOKYO DOME IN JULY 
Tht shit was whack lol I'm mad sleepy. N my sister left 2day I miss her already  @gunnafcm
tht was the longest maintenance break ever; Twilight on audiobook. going bck to where it all strted. SO TIRED. i have a ton of makeup on 
Thts the hardest thing I've ever done!! 
thuder storm woke me up 
thumb stuttering again 
Thumbs down from me . Sorry! 
thumping headache! 
Thunder    guess it'll be a rest day - time for yoga ~ om
Thunder &amp; Lightening  What happened 2 the sun???
thunder ad lightening  scared
thunder and lightening 
Thunder and lightening is so loud it woke me up 
Thunder and Lightening. Scary 
Thunder coming from the heavens 
thunder please come back 
Thunder storm  its scaring the puppy!
Thunder stormingâ€¦.looks as though it will be a shitty day 
Thunder woke me up! 
Thunder!! But no rain 
Thunder, Lightning, CRASH CRASH CRASH!!! omg it was sooo scary lol 
Thundering  btw Rain+White Top+Orange Bra = Pervy men
Thundering and lightening out and I have to be outside all morning. 
Thunderr and pouring down with rain 
Thunderstorm killed our satellite signal and our Mitchell &amp; Webb watching too. 
thunderstorm last night totally had that BOOM BOOM POW! now it left it hella muggy outside 
Thunderstorm over now, bright blue skies above...shame it's meant to rain all week 
Thunderstorm totally ruined my 9 hours 
thunderstorm! *cries* 
thunderstorm... no scuba today 
Thunderstorm?  It's super super dark outside.
Thunderstorming outside. I miss babe 
Thunderstorms are cool and all, but not when they rob me of sleep. 
thunderstorms are cool, but not when the power goes out...... 
Thunderstorms still get me like they used to.. 
Thunderstorms this early wake me up. 
thunderstorms tomorrow apparently  dnw
Thunderstorms yesterday, more on the way. Looks like I won't be online much again today.  HAPPY FATHER'S DAY
thurs nite was soooo crazy! I'm lucky 2 b able 2 tweet rite nah  lol
Thursday 19:00 and we heard it for the 1st time: Helgaaaaaaaa *lol* losing internet connection all the time 
Thursday blues 
Thursday morning and working again...boring yes indeed,,,  Oh but i dont need to be bored since there's alot of jobless people...
Thursday said &quot;the 800-pound gorilla&quot; behind the answer! 
thursday suppose to go out with them. but i dont have $kaching  how?
Thursday Today and I Going To Be Working Today  Help!!
Thursday, I am glad that God gave me another day I just wish that I felt like doing something with it besides sleeping, I soooo tired! 
Thursday, my last day off. 
Thursdaymorning blues, been sick all night... 
Thursday's 3 fold increase in visitors to my site was so out of the norm that it has really skewed my sites stats 
Thursday's mean staff meeting  ...Wishing it was Friday
Thus far, Metaverse U has used the Second Life = Virtual Worlds, rather than the gamier Terra Nova usage. I'm in the TN camp  #metaverseu
Thus we mourn Ephra J Bones, faithful 30G iPod, lost forever to the depths. @thegeach 
Thwarted again! Pneumatic closed because of electrical problems. No fluffy eggs for me today. 
Thx @Snaked - out of props  fa u.  ? http://blip.fm/~7bce1
thx for following i've to follow you back later cause i exceeded the limit 
Thx for waking me up Eric now I cannot go back to sleep 
Thx to those who care bout me. I just wished i never turned the air on super high. Dammit i hate colds. Now i gota make hott tea. 
Thy trees are bendin and snappin and rain is comin in sideways. Dogs are freaking out....  fuck ga
Thz new followrs @HiMyNameIsLogan @eliotfrick @javastl @steveweddle Hold Up it's all dudes  YEAH @jenn_if_er @BenJoBubble @sarahinatlanta
Tia.  i think i might cry it hurts
tiba tiba diajak ke Bali besok sampai Sabtu, tapi apa daya harus ditolak, hiks hiks hiks me want the sun fun and the seaaaa 
tick count at 2! 
tick tock, tick tock... still waiting Comcast...  This was NOT how I wanted to spend my Saturday morning.  
ticked off cause i can't go see &quot;drag me to hell&quot; with melissa and amber. staying home on a friday night is NOT my thing. 
ticket home ?  June 15th-23rd....but.....will be missing Simo's birthday. 
Ticket sales for concert not doing well  sighs. Journey home now. - http://tweet.sg
Ticket sales person today called me sir. Have i gotten to that age to be sir 
Tickets for Ben &amp; Jerrys Sunday on the Common cost Â£3.50 postage on EACH ticket you buy! What a rip off 
tickets for jesse mccartney (and new kids and jabbawockeez) is from 30 to 100 dollars.  10 for the farthest/worst seats though.  HAHAHA
Tiding up my room at the mo  All the dust is maing me sneeze. Brogan just burnt her toe but she also gave me a bag 
tidy up my wardrobe. it makes me sad  so many nice clothes..
tidy up time 
tidying after a weekend of house parties 
Tidying and then more work 
tidying my room it's sooo boring  wish I had something good to do this evening. In fact, I wish I was on holiday right now!!
tidying the room but im sick 
tierd,nothing to do 
Tiered but it's like 12 so I need to get up 
tiering day today. worked from 8 till 530, came home and chilled out. hope i get to talk to my papasito tonight.. i miss him so much 
Tiff' Chan. &amp;We cannot afford Cue  http://yfrog.com/0vcyuj
Tiffany bracelet catch has broken 
Tiffy, I need to talk to you.  
Tiger not playing too well today...  3 over on the day and even for the tourney sitting 8 strokes back!
Tiger Woods 10 Game Face: Optimizing blemishing removing processes. As if _I_ need that. Airbrushing! They make it sound so bad. 50% 
Tigers almost made a comeback. 
Tigers lost  off to a friends house!
Tight game @ halftime. 63-62. Not in rat city's favor. 
tiiiiiiiiiiiired, don't wanna go to school tomorrow 
tiiiiired! gonna go to sleep finally so I can fail my psychology test tomorrow ugh  night.
tiiiiired, got woke up early by builders next door 
tiiiiired. i miss my phone 
tiiiiirreeeeeed 
tiiiired,, vacation ruined my 
Tiiiirrred. &amp; Hungry, and a thousand things to do 
Tila omg if ur readin this jus wanna say hey wanna leave u a comment ting but really dunno how sorry 
Tim for some lunch and shizzzz. Gotta power cycle my internets. It's too slow 
tim is a douchebag and won't let me take part in his lovely nautical adventure 
Timber has a bad cold  - http://bnup2.com/p/551506
time 2 kall it off, ima break it 2 her easy. 
time 4 some Kingdom Hearts 2! will have 2 play frm beggining with Roxas. No Memory Card 
time and didn't even see it coming...the impact registered at .2 g's so that's pretty impressive coming from an animal...ruined my car 
time check: 7.30 am n i'm already in sch! gosh! how to sleep better eh wit this growing tummy? 
time flies and it's about midnite. i'm doing nothing but facebooking all alone! better go to bed. 
Time flies when youre having fun!! I hate its night time again here 
Time flies when you're having none 
Time flies...and i never got it all right. Why oh why? 
Time for a cup of tea and a side of work 
Time for a massive pile of ironing  Battlestar Galactica to keep me company though 
time for a nice seat on the couch. weather today is unforgivable 
time for an episode of house and a good nights sleep. work in the morning  DANE COOK ON SATURDAY! AH!
time for another day of clinic 
time for balance sheets and income statements 
Time for bed - have to be up @ 2.30 am - long drive to work in morning 
Time for bed  work tomorrow up Brum. G'night tweeps!
Time for bed and home tomorrow  But had a great day; message made me happy, saw my family, had time with baby Daisy, lovely sunshine 
Time for bed and I'm not tired 
Time for bed got to be up soon  God how I hate Early shift.
time for bed i suppose. i've taken three days off of walking, so i must walk to work tomorrow, which means EARLY morning. 
Time for bed! 4.30am comes far too early! 
Time for bed, got to work tomorrow  nite tweeple
Time for bed, I think. My attempt to get to the music store was overthrown by a car that wouldn't start. sadness 
Time for bed, long day of work tomorrow! 
time for bed, my tummy hurts 
time for bed, partly because I'm tired, partly because I'm intimidated by women  haha nite all
Time for bed, pity the brownies only just came out of the oven... they smell so delicious! I don't wanna eat one right before bed. 
time for bed, work in the morning 
Time for bed, working tomorrow afternoon 
time for bed. another exciting day at the work 2mrw. cant wait. 
Time for bed. Getting ready for a long day at work tomorrow 
Time for bed. I have to be up at 6:40 tomorrow 
Time for bed. I'm starving and my feet hurt  times like this I need a boo
Time for bed. Really wanting Dustin to feel better! It makes me so sad to see him this sick 
Time for bed. Ugh... I woke up today with a case of the Mondays. Tomorrow is gonna be a long day. 
Time for bed... been running around most of the day. Apparently there is rain in the forecast for Sunday in the Hamilton area! 
time for bed... gonna be a lonely night with hubby at work 
Time for bed... new ball game tomorrow. Hair, nails and tragic tales 
time for bed...grad practice in the morning and then packing/cleaning/moving out   -D-
time for bed...well not technically, that &quot;time&quot; was a couple of hours ago.  rather, I've done what I can do so off to bed.  alarm 6:45am 
time for breakfast , but the cafetaria still close !! ugh , waiting in starving ! 
Time for breakfast,then off to the Police Station!! Chased by a siren yesterday for using mobile 'phone while driving 
Time for class after 4 hrs of sleep.  I'm just flat out tired.  Not to mention saddened by getting No Reply 
Time for court 
Time for dinner at my mom's house - the night is just escaping me 
time for doom! WAHAHAHA. understanding test! 
Time for exams lol cant pee or eat because of them 
Time for homework.... sigh  there's just so much!!  :-S
time for job one at the shop then home and onto job two at the cafe later 
Time for law revision before my exam tomorrow! 
time for lunch! Back to cafeteria food at the office 
Time for lunch. I... must... eat... soup... again.  - http://bkite.com/07AnM
time for lunch....more rabbit food.......yoohoo 
Time for massive amounts of homework.... Not fun. And its really nice outside 
time for me to get some rest. tomorrow we'll see if this weather report is at all accurate. if it is, no photos 
Time for me to go lay down n chill. Back to work tomorrow  Up at the crack o' dawn again
Time for mediation, have lost my paul smith watch  if you were a watch where would you hide? hmmmm.........
Time for my daily moan about hay fever... 
Time for my morning walk to work. Hope for something fun on my way to work. Yesterday someone stolen all the tyres on a BMW. 
time for OLTL and i cant watch 
Time for school got an exam today     worried :S
TIME FOR SCHOOL I WANNA SKYPE BUT I HAVE SCHOOL! blah. 
time for school, oh noes! 
time for schoolwork. back to reality 
Time for sleep my headhurts 
time for sleep.  sad v is leaving tom 
time for sleep. I have to say goodbye to my tooth tomorrow. this makes me sad 
Time for sleep. Maybe Claire will let me sleep in tomorrow. I miss Amory. 
Time for sleep. The photo thingy isn't working for me.  Oh well. Side note: Here's to the unexpected, the assumed, and the actuality. =/
Time for sleep. Tomorrow I have to finish writing two speeches for my public speaking class. 
Time for some Acct! 
Time for some excercise (or close enough). Where is my good DDR pad? Someone moved it 
Time for some late night webcam sex and off to bed lol i joke i'm just grumpy cause i'm getting old 
Time for some lunch and then home for the GP. Branson has said Virgin won't sponsor Brawn next season 
Time for some lunch me thinks. Perhaps a turkey sandwich. Tempted to have pint of cider with lunch, but have to work this afternoon 
time for some midnight grocery shopping as my fridge is empty and I am starving... haven't eat properly in more than 36h 
Time for some squats 
time for some zzzzzz's I'm gonna dream bout my poor stolen phone 
Time for stupid cyber school which I hate 
Time for the inevitable... mowing the grass. 
time for the Monday morning meeting  Anyone else want to go in my place? Anyone ...anyone at all???
Time for twitter to go down for an hour 
Time for work  ..... Got my mind on my money &amp; my money on my mind!
time for work then taking my car to get the muffler fixed  boooo
Time for Work! 
Time for work!  and why is it raining outside where has the sun gone!
Time for work!!! 
Time for work.  the hangover tonight! Shit looks hilarious!!
Time for work. Have fun sleeping 
time for work. I DON'T WANNA GO! 
Time for work... I may come home crispy. It's gonna be BOILING in there today! Bum 
Time for work...nooooooo! 
Time fot lunch.  what to eat? wish we had Taco Cabana in San Angelo 
Time is going backwards. 181 minutes. What a sad existance. At least it looks heinous outside. Oh, thats just the tint on my NHS window 
Time is going slow 
Time is passing by too fast, I can't wait but at the same time, its too soon. 
time is passing ever so sloooowly while i'm here with only one other person behind the counter 
time is running out again. 
time is ticking and i still don't have Beyonce tickets...  BIIIGG SAD FACE
Time line - 170 pages. The poor patient 
time of the month. so fucking bloated 
time passes by too fast  STUDY TIMEEE
time passes so fast when you're at home! i want more off days lah.. 
time really fast....sigh... 
time recording begins: 11:30 PM..yikes!....it's gonna be another late one  
time seems to be going by really slow.....  not a good day
Time seems to be moving in slow motion. I am watching Pineapple Express, 1:33 to 1:39 am seemed like a hour.  This movie isn't very good 
Time ticking by sooo sloooooooooowlyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
Time to assemble my ALDI BBQ - so many screws - so much fewer than the manual says I should have  http://twitpic.com/4jke6
Time to bust out the plaid! It's summertime!! Oh no! :/ what happened to my plaid shirts?! Waaaah only 2 left!  *sigh* better than nothing
Time to buy some more coffee! And after that, I have to listen to the Drabblecast and visit the forums, haven't done that in a long while 
time to call it a knight!! no pics 2day from NKOTB  well theres always 2marow!!!!
Time to check in Paris flights again. So not cool how priceline is trying to play me 
Time to clean. By the way, I fucking hate my short ass hair. 
Time to clear out the garage. It's soooo full of rubish 
time to college now 
time to complete my pathetic law homework &amp; hopefully a little of marketing assignments. in 30 mins time I'm leaving the house! 
time to cook dinner. I have a headache  .
Time to cry 
time to cut the grass. 
Time to do some homework except my internet isn't working 
Time to do the ironing  we need some work stuff ironed as we both go back to work tomorrow 
Time to do work ..Nap time is over  ..
Time to eat and then get packing my suitcase again to go to the airport to fly home to London. Good bye Canada 
Time to eat dinner...alone  *sighs*.... http://mypict.me/2QKU
Time to empty out my beloved Jetta 
Time to fight the safe from hell  oh god why 
Time to finalize admin and org stuff, repo's pending... complete tax files, weather outside also informing we're back to autumn (+smoggy 
time to finalize packing 
Time to flat iron the dragon 
Time to format and re-install windows??? WTF stupid microsoft... 
Time to gef my lazy Maui butt outta bed. 
time to get a job.... goodbye childhood, you will be deeply missed   RIP 8/29/91-6/16/09
Time to get back to the assignment 
Time to get back to work 
time to get for work, again 
Time to get my day started I need to hit up Robeks for a smoothie. O yea I think I have a new crush lol but he aint got twitter 
Time to get needles poked in md at the allregist again  eh so no bueno
Time to get ready for bed.  Got to get up and go to work tomorrow! 
Time to get ready for school What should i wear`? 
time to get ready for work   hope everyone has a good day!!
Time to get ready for work   ttyl
Time to get ready for work- didn't finish the chapter- still 18 pages to go, and I haven't taken notes on it yet 
Time to get ready for work.  too much on my mind... didnt go to bed.  Its going to be a very long day at work... blarg!   
Time to get ready for work. Man I wanna go back to sleep 
Time to get ready for work. Ugh  its such a vicious cycle...
Time to get ready for work.. Boo 
Time to get some groceries!!! 
Time to get to work! I can sleep when i cross that finish line. So driven by the pain &amp; doubt. Lets fuckin' go!  
time to get to work. i'm already starting the day off bad. missed the UP screening  this morning at the el capitan 
Time to give up the tweeting? I obviously don't have my heart in it anymore 
time to go  got a family day out to look forward to -.- not.
Time to go back home   but what a great trip!
Time to go home  heading to the airport in a few!
Time to go lift some weights. Four weeks is a lot longer than I meant to wait since the last time.  
time to go out to the job!!! im pretty tired but i have to go to there 
time to go out.. doesn't look very nice out there though.  xx
Time to go pay to have the AC in my car fixed. . . Wait, didn't I already do that? Yes! I did. Maybe second time is the charm? 
time to go to bed now.... it doesnt look good for peter  i wanted to win the chair so badly   good night
Time to go to bed.. work in the am, not looking forward to it since its supposed to rain all day 
Time to go to class, definitely gonna need a nap today thanks to that stupid bird 
Time to go to Don's. Ugh. I feel like shit though 
Time to go to school  Too bad the power isn't out again. Ha.
Time to go to school...  I wish you a nice day!! See you in the afternoon.
time to go to sleep  huhu. alright, enough. goodnight, everyone! 
Time to go to sleep. Had a long day ( not as long as @Funsize69). Have to leave at six tomorrow morning  goodnight
Time to go to sleep... have to wake up early morning to go hiking.. 
Time to go to the Euro election. Oh, it's raining.... 
Time to go to work  Only 4 days 'till it's weekend again....
Time to head out of the studio early today. We are still a bit hungover from last night. 
Time to head to my volunteer booth for #imagineRIT. I want to see more exhibits!  #inews
Time to head to Spanish class now. Sad. 
Time to head to work. Doing the late shift today to cover. Working till 6pm 
Time to hit the books again 
time to hit the books...aahh good times 
time to leave barista...almost 8 hrs now..these guys will kill me one day 
Time to leave for cooking lessons at my uncles! Steak tonight! Looks like I'm just going to miss Patrick getting home from work. 
Time to leave from the office. Another 1.5 hours to reach home  God damn gaon this.
time to leave kathlin... 
time to leave my cousin's house. back to the hotel. sad. 
time to log out of twitter 
Time to make the donuts! for various values of donuts such as 'install software', 'write reports', &amp; attend meetings. not the yummy kind 
Time to move my posterior  and lose some fat. My articulation are creaking so no more running  but Iï¿½m drool for some swimming
time to mow the lawn. 
Time to open the store Yay ..not! 
Time to paint... I think I am catching the weather flu! Dain 
time to prepare for the funeral  wow what a day , dear Jesus I need you..........
Time to progress the roast dinner. Mrs Dave may have the day off, but I haven't!! 
Time to put the t-shirts away, autum is coming tomorrow 
Time to ride the porcelain bus me thinks. 
time to say by to J  last hurrah at Kels tonight.. beers and tears!
Time to sell my first motorcycle  Pass this on to friends http://bit.ly/18kpCa #fb
Time to shower...last day of my 2 week break.  ...boo...  
Time to sleep , my eyes are burning inside 
Time to sleep before my math skills completely drain for tomorrow. 
time to sleep i think, but i'll miss her if i sleep 
Time to sleep! Football camp in the morning... Then a consult with my orthodonist surgeon 
Time to sleep?.. i wish 
Time to start filling another skip  
time to start my homework 
time to start studying for my ap statistics exam on tuesday....  
Time to start the day! This day is going to be so long and busy 
Time to start work for the day 
time to study 
Time to study all day long 
Time to tackle this new growth... 
Time to take andy home. 
time to take more OTC meds 
time to try the wiki page for the wii and ps3 version got an a in the races 
Time to watch a movie..Marley and Me (I hear it's a sad movie    talk to you all later!
Time to work  no just and so on...SMS?
time to work on that book report. 
TIME TO WORK OUT AND GET THIS BODY FIT AND IN SHAPE! 45 MIN CARDIO 25 STRENGTH 300 SIT-UPS  6 DAYS A WEEK = BAD BODY!!
Time to work through emails. should be done by next year 
time to write another paper 
Time Warner Cable slogan: Where calling it a day at 2pm Happens.
Time Warner came. One more day until internet  Didn't have a big enough drill Sigh. I hate DSL!
time warner has the worse customer service ever. I will never use them again
Time warner is the devil. Worst possible time for the Internet to go out.
time warner really picks the worst time to not work. all i want to do is get to mtv.com so i can watch the hills. wtfffff.
time was felt so old 
Time zones what?!  
TIMEOUT. was that jus those two black twins from &quot;ATL&quot; in a KFC commercial nahhh no! ::rubs eyes:: 
time's drifting quickly... i wish i could stop it for just a while 
times like now i wish i was at school 
times like these make me glad that golden balls isnt on anymore. i'd be so pissed if i missed it for 2 weeks in a row.  amazingdaythough!
times like these make me really miss my dad  *sighh
Times like this when I hate being sick. I need - want - to go to sleep. But I'm coughing so much I'll probably keep waking myself up! 
times likes these i wish i had buffy on boxset 
Times 'Story in Data' yesterday - largest group of professionals claiming Jobseekers Allowance - software programmers - not bankers 
Times when u miss having a man around: when u want a glass of water but don't wanna go downstairs to get it 
Timezz like thiss tht i wishh my stonerr wasnt graduating!!!  bad timez
Timmy just lost at rock paper scissors for a chance to sleep with me 
tina knowles got slapped in the end 
Tine has gone back to Norway again and I won't see her for a long time  Big hugs were had  We got some nice photos of us though!
Tinker had a tick.  He'll have a new haircut soon!
Tiny Buddha is so wise  http://twitter.com/tinybuddha/status/2181970017
tiny chiclets... the flavor fades so damn fast 
tiny..cold morning monday ~,~ / beans had a roughly sleep.. 
tiny..cold morning monday ~,~ / beans had roughly sleep.. 
TinyTweeter doesn't understand russian letters 
tinytwit and cetwit don't work 
Tip #23: Check your car for cats before use 
Tip 4: Silver profiles cannot join Parties  #squarespace
Tip for everyone, don't read whilst in the car! i felt soooo sick after reading! not good 
Tip of the day: Having your disks mirrored does not save you from accidentally deleting files 
Tip. Never wash you bed linens without first checking for the tv remote control. 
Tip: If some one is comming to South Africa, don't lose your time buying an universal adaptor to your laptop, here it does not works 
tip: if you dont want to cry dont let ur mom trick u into to going to a cancer relay for life. not the happiest thing in the world 
Tip: NEVER get yourself stuck in a shed in, a thunderstorm with a rabbit thats never heard thunder before- it results in a lot of blood 
tipsy!! real mad real mad joe jackson!!!!! 
Tire blew out on the highway just past the toll booth woohoo!!! There goes my day 
tired  *yawn*
tired  and beleives early mornings should be illegal!
Tired  and ill,how lovely
tired  and should really do some history revision :s eeek
tired  but finally got my phone charger back!!
Tired  can't deal with revision anymore
tired  can't wait for the weekend
Tired  going to bed. Big day tomorrow
tired  going to head to the gym soon!
tired  I miss holidays.
tired  lacrosse then shopping with laura!
Tired  Note to self going out on a monday is not  a good plan !
Tired  Sad  Bored  Lonely 
tired  tomorrow is school, dammit!!!!! &gt;
tired !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! why people are bad with me in their twitt? 
tired &amp; hungoverish. im bad. 
tired &amp; i think its mostly due to the big fight last night &amp; the fact that i couldnt sleep last night because of it  *Jessi Ann*&lt;3
tired &lt;3 ....12 hour shift tommorrow  .......but at least i'm out in time to catch jorge's football game
tired -.- soOoOoooo tired  but it's about 5.30pm and I don't wanna sleep xD
tired ;/ + exams to study forr.... 
tired @ work... 
Tired after a long day at Fox Toledo... I helped cover the missing girl from Monroe. Mi. 8 days missing. Touched my heart 
Tired after a long day... Excited for camping, but no wifi 
Tired after not a lot of sleep and shit dreams 
Tired after only getting 4 hrs of sleep last night  .  But I have a few things I SOOOOO want to work on tonight. 
tired after work 
tired and annoyed 
tired and bored, watching movies while i'm home alone 
tired and borrrrrred this vacation  sooooooo hot
tired and brain dead.... ripped my skull open just now ! wow what a morning 
Tired and can't sleep. Sucky combo.  make me sleepy plz. Or keep me entertained. Lololol.
Tired and cold 
tired and didn't really have an exciting Saturday.  oh well, hope it's better tomorrow.  
Tired and dirty. We played better this week but lost 12-6. 
tired and dont feel well.    I think I have a case on the mondays just thinking about it.
Tired and don't want to go to school tomorrow! 
Tired and exhausted, helping my best friend to move out of her apartment  I'm really going to miss her!!!
Tired and feeling sick 
Tired and feeling sick. Its all Carries fault 
Tired and have a headache today 
tired and hungover 
Tired and hungry oh and sat 
Tired and hungry...no food in the house and all the fast food places are closed. 
tired and i feel so week i could collapse 
Tired and jealous my bf gets to go to sf but not me 
tired and kinda sad    gotta go to work soon...at least i have more days off next week..
tired and kinda sick, but must go to work in the morn as defiantly poor 
TIRED AND LONEY... Yep thats pretty much it 4 now. 
tired and my legs hurt i hate sleeping by myself 
tired and not feelin work later 
tired and not sure how this twitter works 
Tired and overtrained  18 hour work days are so much easier than training for triathlons...
tired and pusing huh, watching hallmark. bored too 
tired and restless plus work 2moro  pooo. ohyeah and a well done to jade for doing exshellent @ the eurovision contest
tired and should be doing homework, but my ADD is getting in the way, and i know i REALLY should do it.  poo.
tired and sunburneddd 
Tired and sweaty. 
tired and teary. could really do with a hug tbh  early bedtime tonight, gotta prepare for hell tomorrow  night all x
tired and yucky my sinus's hurt and my chest does to.  
Tired as all hell My throat hurts 
Tired as balls. Got called into work. 
Tired as fuck cuz I ain't get no sleep... already went house shopping and now my girl wants to go to the beach... Exhausted but oh well 
tired as heck, i wanna go home and sleep but i cant cause im have to be at the wash till my daddy gets off work. 
Tired as hell  ah man why do i need to work on sundays
Tired as hell  why does being sick throw off your sleeping patterns?
Tired as hell not looking fowward to work!  tired from the crazy night..!
Tired as hell. And the worst sunburn ever 
Tired as hell. I should have taken a nap when I had the chance. 
tired as hell.. guess i failed my french test 
Tired as shyt, but sleep won't come 
Tired ass fuhhh, looking for a job is really hard work!  (Applying online at this very second)
Tired at work! 
Tired az heck...missin my guy Mike Hamilton.damn its been 1 year.. te extrano 
Tired because I didn't get sleep! Mr jaylin has a cole and moved alllll night 
Tired beyond reason. I would rather be just about anything else other then tired 
tired bored as alwayz  
Tired bOred nothing on to watch 
Tired bored, nothing on TV to watch! I think its a sign.. I will hit the sack... 
tired brain. sucked in too much information today, root cause analysis + costing computations = major headache. wish sunday lasted days 
Tired but can't get to sleep ? 
Tired but can't seem to fall asleep tonight 
tired but cant sleep............. 
tired but dont want to sleep, not feeling very well at all 
Tired but happy to have had seen J today unfortunately there is no changing his mind about the military 
tired but have a lot to do.  Looking forward to tabletop gaming tomorrow as a break from my constant programming
Tired Dane....time to head to work 
Tired eyes from playing guitar hero and making dinner... Made white choc brownies but don't feel like eating them 
Tired from a day of cleaning and make up with no sales 
tired from a super long day..just woke up from a nap haha but still exhausted! 
tired from curbside 
Tired from packing my stuff to move into my new flat!! 
Tired from that drive.  
tired from work. does not want to go back anymore  can't i just be rich instantly???
tired from work. don't want to go back  can't I ust be rich instantly????
tired from wrk 
Tired going 2 bed.dont feel so good  missing my bf so much   im scared of loosing him.
tired going to sleep have another day of work tommorrow   ciao everyone
Tired i miss home .. 
Tired in sffff. 
Tired Jer is Tired. Another long day...  I wish people would stop being D-bags.
Tired just sitting at my desk... must. get. coffee. now 
Tired like woah 
tired- lost netball  again
Tired man ! Don't wanna go back tommorow 
tired my advice...never wake up at 6.30 unless you really have to be somewhere too tired 
tired now  and my sunburn hurts. gonna go to bed soon one i've decided what to watch!
Tired of being alone 
Tired of being bitchy 
tired of being crazy 
Tired of being turned down work SIMPLY because of my age. 
tired of certain people and wishing not to leave others so soon. 
tired of doin math hw 
Tired of dramatic, angry shit online. Need someone to take care of me for awhile. Of course, no one's ever there when I need them. 
Tired of everything 
tired of guest over the house... wants to sleep... has tooo much work to do ... 
Tired of it all.....sleeping til it all makes sense...I'll be out for a while  
Tired of job searching.  The search is endless. 
Tired of listening to other people's &quot;problems&quot; of the future.I've got enough of my own and you've more direction than I do!  I want a job
Tired of looking at tiles that are all the &quot;same&quot; color 
Tired of mi baby talking to pup and whoever else all the damn time!   LIL KELLY25!!!
Tired of my throat hurting... and I do not want to go to court in a few hours. 
tired of not being able to find a song 
Tired of not being on the same page. 
Tired of not gettin any hands 
Tired of Porn Stars and Spammers following me 
tired of reading the same all the day...conflict of laws...and 300 more pages left...let's go! 
Tired of sinus headaches. 
tired of stomach ache and now it's moving over towards the spine.. 
Tired of stressing my financials. Can I fast forward 3 weeks and 2 paychecks? Or any rich Tweeple wanna donate $200 to me? 
tired of the routine... 
Tired of the wind lord lord my stomach hurts and i'm on my way to work 
Tired of Twitter dying a slow death tonight. Too many whales spotted  back online in morning
Tired of waiting 
Tired of waiting  *sighs*
Tired of what people have to say.. its not fair. 
tired right now but need to study 
Tired that my hotmail search does not seem to work 
tired to my bones, but hot mess, I have a real job now. Think I'll pass out and do it all again tomorrow. I feel like an adult now 
Tired today....this weather is not helping.  
Tired wanna go on a Loooooooong Vacation 
TIRED with a capital &quot;T&quot;...packing, cleaning really takes a toll from my energy! and I'm still not done. 
Tired with a sprained ankle doing assessments 
Tired with sore feet 
tired! and anxious about the essay exam. didnt study as much as i would have liked 
Tired! Can't sleep for hours though. 
Tired! Morning..I can't see my brother graduate because of dumb finals 
Tired! Still have to run to jae and get the truck. 
tired!! I want to sleep more but I have to work!! 
Tired!!!  been working, coaching soccer, and getting fire station ready for BBQ fundraiser this weekend. 11-2 on tommorow.
Tired!!!  Lots of work today!!!
tired,  just dropped ajay off at work, he is away on training for maybe 2 long weeks,   packed up ready to fly to the UK
Tired, and feeling blue again...  but i got my license today and no more debt!!!
Tired, And ive got an exam at 9 
tired, and totally ready for the bed, been such a long day. And tomorrow, a even longer one, photosession, oh my gash 
tired, back to work. why is there always drama? 
tired, but cant sleep..not good 
Tired, but I can't sleep until grandma is resting. 'Twould be nice to have someone to talk to, but the girlfriend is nowhere to be found. 
tired, but i have sooo much to do! 
TIRED, but I have to pack. Ughh 
Tired, gah, need to get something done. Brain not being cooperative 
Tired, got to sleep school tomorrow. Didn't get the chance to watch the boy in the stripped pajammas  dissapointed. Good night world. xxx
Tired, hope work is better today. 
TiReD, i don't feel good 
tired, i have such a busy week. 
Tired, just back home from a survey camp. 
Tired, oh so tired, after a whole night of tummyache... Feeling better now though, and want to eat. 17 hours with all pain and no food. 
tired, really tired, but I can't sleep 
tired, restless.... too many things going around my head.. not nice thoughts either, so I can't sleep 
Tired, should have got up early today  lots to do lots to do.
Tired, sick... SO SICK... why is it i end up with stomach flu the week of my birthday?  
Tired, sleeping...Then work all day tomorrow, UGH! 
tired, stressing out and her back is still hurting 
Tired, thirsty, and watching ESOTSM until I fall asleep. Summer has began? 
tired, tired and sore! twitter display pic still isnt working  xo
tired, wanting to go home  being sneaky on twitter at the back of the library waiting for my dad to pick me up ha
Tired.  Wrote a new song on guitar
Tired. . . I want to get home 
Tired. Bed. Now. One more day here then we head back to the real world 
Tired. Body ache and head ache. Lying down. Will get up in sometime and start workin on my TP Act assignment 
tired. don't wanna work tomorrow 
Tired. Going to take a nap. My finger hurts.  143
tired. got blisters on my feet so i can't wear shoes.  bed now.
tired. itchy eyes due to hayfever. its well bad 
Tired. Listened to LVATT in bed for two hours lol, its was supposed to get me up! Cba with biology later 
tired. need sleep  But instead drinkin mamosas at a coffee shop. cant wait to get into bed
tired. no time to twitter, away from my computer and still without my iPhone. Sad, in need of a kiss, but alone in Paris. 
tired. oh so tired. i even took a nap but  to no avail 
Tired. Ready to go home and I've only been here for 45min. I think it's because I have to go to Alexandria and Jasper. lol Many tomorrow. 
Tired. Tired. Tired. Tired. I slept last night and even napped. Still tired. Not sure what's going on. 
Tired. Very tired. But also. Hot. Too hot. To sleep. 
Tired. Want to go back to bed  with love. Always.
Tired. Want to stay in bed 
Tired.. bout to work do more work 
tired.. freaking physics midterm tomorrow.   
tired.. have a stiff neck..  watched the best of french and saunders.. v funny..reading on the road- jack kerouac and then jon ronson.
tired.. not feeling 100% and has to go stand outside and work all day 
Tired.. Off to bed. Upset with some people.. Cant Sleep 
Tired.. Still have a project 
tired...  im going to wash my dishes and bout to go to sleep....
tired... probably because the blue jays drain all the energy out of me... 
tired... so tired... tired of work... tired of life   in need of money or a long holiday on a beach 
Tired... wheee  Had a hard day with cleaning al those cages at the shelter! www.knaagdierencentrum.nl &lt; come and adopt a pretty bunny.
tired.... gotto go to work tomorrow  gonna crash now... gud nite everyone....
tired.... WANNA GO HOME &amp; GO TO SLEEP!! LONG DAY AHEAD OF ME 
Tired..... Circa was awful....lol missed my babie who were all @ Lady GaGa 
tired....... just woke up... 
Tired.....but can't go to bed yet..... 
Tired....don't feel like working today....it's raining to... 
tired....worked all weekend and have a final exam today 
Tired...don't wanna do work 
tired...why does it have to be sunday????? 
Tired..need to revise now 
tired..way too early 2 b up  waiting 4 tonight !!!
Tired..yet, a productive day at the office. But dreading all the homework and writing I have to do.. 
tired.just got back from doctores for my knee i have 2 restb  lol. off for school
tired/sore &amp; I'm up at 7am getting ready for work... Boo!  Sadly I'm not done around the house, so I'll be finishing after work today 
tired: - / go to the beach or visit Henrik? I have not seen Henrik for a long time 
tiredd  nothing to do today 
Tired-getting around for the day-and running a bit late  ugh-mondays........
Tiredness, headache and suburn - the result of a BBQ in the sun. So preoccupied with protecting my arms that I forgot about my face! 
tiredness, kills my happines. 
Tireeddd! 
Tireeed 
Tireeed  Lalala happay with my findings!
tireeed and bored 
Tireeeddddd. 
tireeeed! but i have to study! 
Tireeeeed. 
tiring first day! 
Tis a sad day in the Walshy household.  My dearest hoover (Dyson) has decided to give up the ghost 
Tis a somber feeling I get when my wittiest comments go by unacknowledged as they disappear into the vortex of the forgotten FOREVER 
Tis is annoyin no voice and my chest is so sore i'm afraid to cough cause it hurrt's 
'tis such a lonely night.. im tired of going to bed alone  want to cuddle?
Tis Sunday morn...had planned on ridin my Harley 2day...TIS RAININ...Bldy Farken 
tis why i don't like flat ironing my hair...i see a good ammount of hair on my hands instead of my hair 
Tisha the cat is, unfortunately, still missing. Hope begins to fade. 
titanic 
titanic is a trending topic? &quot;i'll never let go jack, i'll never let go&quot; but she let go!!!! 
Titanic is on again tonight. I'm watching it for real this time, but it's not a trending topic. 
Titanic is so sad.. 
Titanic is such a sad movie. 
Tits.  We didn't win the lottery.  Gotta go to work tomoz 
tive coragem de ouvir before the storm sÃ³ hoje, me arrependi, Ã© linda 
Ti-vo has let me down. No watching made of honor   instead its time to watch hsm3
TKIN WORK HOME  LOL
tlking to ma mum n missing home  quiet alot actuli feels lke ages since i was last there 
T-minus 3 days until I take the Step. Please pray for me. 
Tml is Monday. 
Tmnt marathon on abcfamily but I have work!!! 
Tmobile didn't give me a new phone even after I bitched them out and threatened to leave. The best they offered was an upgrade for $50. 
T-Mobile EDGE just died for me 
T-Mobile is about to get a not so nice phone call from me! What is going on with my phone?! Why aren't my internet and apps working?!! 
T-mobile really does not like me today. It is hella trippen'! I gotta use Wi-Fi just to be on Twitter. Kinda shit is this?! 
tmr library again.. awhman! boooooo 
Tmrw is my bday and im bummed!!   i dnt want to turn 26 yalllll ewwww
tn to wake the hubby for range, but they had a late range yesterday and hes only had about 5hrs sleep  poor baby
tnaw feeling sorry for mark  prayers for you.
TNG Episode featuring Andreas Katsulas was on earlier. We miss you, Andreas  #TNG #b5 #Babylon5
TNT though. 
Tnx for props, cant always see them  vi@abarbosa: &quot;Ooh... aah... Aah... ooh... Precious moments...&quot;&quot;&quot; â™« http://blip.fm/~7i916
tnx4nithing 
@TeamDLovato noooo!! Who will I talk with?? Miss u.... 
@TeamDLovato that celebs rarely reply 
@TeamDraven Spotify is a band???  Damn the Bard or Damh the Bard.  Sorry, getting later here and not so &quot;with it&quot;. (sighs)  Moody. 
@TeamEllen Yeah me too, im trying but it doesnt load 
@teamellyn and I work in a bookshop  I hear it every time I'm here, want to shoot someone hahahahah
@TeamFRSH I'm so jealous. All I have are updates on my phone. 
@teamftskaty kind of late but your curse of curves lyrics are wrong. 
@TeamGiles ahhhhhhhhhhhh...yes...it's the best!  Austin rocks...I miss it so much!  I miss the hills...the outdoors period!
@TeamGREASE Dunno if we're going to get to Santa Cristina... my sister and I would be totally up for eating out more but my friend isn't 
@teamincredible ALL white shoes make me cringe  . White shoes give me pause.
@teamjacob_101 When i went to the jonas brothers concert last year i saw Selena Gomez and i took a pic and my batteries ran outt 
@TeamKalitta  rain go away thats B/S GUYS....
@TeamKristen ahahaa. YES! AND I KNOW I'LL HAVE A JOB THEN! 
@TeamKristen lol. i wish i was wasteyyy faceyyyy 
@TeamKristen LOL. like niggas ain't abt to reimburse me for gas. but maybe i should go. i feel like i'm not gonna see the club all summer 
@teamlick 12 hrs, dude . . maybe next time. 
@TeamManila I saw a guy earlier wearing a &quot;Made in the Republic of the Philippines&quot; shirt (like mine hehe), only it's not Team Manila. 
@teammartin @Troyzee I knew you guys would probably be busy. #sadface to martin (i understand the uni issues... 
@teammartin me too martin, me too 
@TeamMiley Yep  now check your direct messages so nobody steals ur new name
@teammxjacobb Yeah i did. i made him sad and everyfink. I made ppl hate him.. 
@TeamNelena luckyy! have like a gazillion subscribers and 30 followers. i only have 15 followers and 422 subbers  NILEY YAY! nelena..ehh..
@TeamPilipinas ooh,why dont they make it at Jakarta like last year,so i can watch it  will the video be posted on ur website?
@teamrobsten Are they seated together? HELP.....I canÂ´t watch it... 
@teamrr Hey - preview those pics before you post! That is a horrible pic of Jamie Mac in the garage! 
@Teamsame wow! I only have like 6 
@teamseddie Im sorry, i was gone and now u r  *hands head in shame*
@teamshmiley b/c she is not a good role model and she cant sing  why do you like miley?
@TEAMTaiwo I think I'm kind of attached to them now though  I'm gonna try talking to them.
@TeamTaylor_ We have 9 biology book to revise. Trust me it isn't easy. And R.E is surprisingly hard to study for 
@TeamTSwift  that's bad luck!
@TeamTSwift lol.he's embarrassing.and its so cool that PPP comes out June 15th for you guys.it sucks we have to wait to June 26th 
@TeamUKskyvixen @OtaliaRocks @doodle79   I only made an observation! I could be totally off base! Hey! What's that there?! *points &amp;runs*
@TeamUKskyvixen Do we really wanna see the negativity about Otalia?  Wonder if it's gonna influence the writers....
@TeamUKskyvixen Eek!  it's...1:12 here. I took a nap *AND* woke up late so...I'm almost on your shift. Lol
@TeamUKskyvixen Its not there, hun? 
@Teanah Why is the blog contest on 1up open only to the US? Where is the love for Canada? 
@teapotstains wtf. Oh lord I hope he's alright 
@TeapotTia i dont have a password  im gettin my tix thru someone else!!
@tear__catcher come back 
@tear96 I would, But It says I'm too old. 
@TearDropNYC Lovin' it son. The S.S. Oh Ship has docked &amp; our trip is over 
@Teario contract? even if it connects to local wifi? ah boo to that 
@TearlessPoet i never got a hug from u.  lol
@tearn  stuck in the office on a Sunday... 
@tearn very sunny. always sunny. but it's winter so it's cold 
@tearsofash Yes, but it seems they only did one printing of them and they're getting more and more harder to find. 
@teasertrailer Im trying to watch it but nothing comes up    xxxx
@TeAsEtHiSGeMiNi ya I c u. Ihop sounds good 2 me. French toast haha. I don't want 2 go 2 the stinken meeting  Is it at 8 or 8:30
@TeaTephi Baracky Roads ice cream. #tcot #tlot | I don't guess it'll have any nuts either. 
@TeazieT I thought you said I was the coolest  Eat it then homie LOL JK
@tec2030  I'm watching it again right now haha I'm addicting to Ryan reynolds
@tech061 I'm sorry to hear about your furry friend 
@techathead no, but my blackjak's media player is corrupt (even tho it's in ROM) so also won't ring. They say I need to get a replacement 
@techAU it's not in my app store. 
@TechBabe Studies show Airborne does NADA. Oh, and Zicam, has been recalled by the FDA. It permanently has destroyed ppls sense of smell. 
@techcastoni I wish my fridge had a built in ice dispenser 
@Techcore  ! Where are you going erin?
@techfreakstuff Hey Rohit very well written post but i am unable to post comment on your blog 
@techfun He's taking off next week so he didn't take off today.   I feel bad because I can't make a cake or take him out this year. 
@techfunky don't know... it was definitely after 4am. i'm up since 9am. sooo tired. 
@techhie !!!! I SO wish I could get to Cbus. 
@techiekat I AGREE! doesnt match up to Apples App Store standards 
@TechieTiffy whats good. yea i missed her here in may and june shes coming back november but the sites messing up 
@Techknology what happened to the a/c??? 
@TechMulla I want a farm 
@Techn1x I KNOW! 
@technclrninjoe i think thats what he is going for but he didnt have time to scan, do photo shop and stuff before work 
@techne   give t extra love and hugs from paulo and I...
@technex Yeah, he sure could! Too bad he's no longer with us .... 
@Techni_Kohler   It was ridiculous down there and all these groupie hoes trying to get in front of me and my friend and caving us in 
@technicoloring 1720 HA. except omg amy bb I have to give my loaner laptop back today so I may be without one for up to a month 
@technokitten there used to be loads of mobile stuff too, but Bosch sold to Siemens who shut down; Moro shut down too 
@technokitty09 yup! Don't use that one anymore 
@technologyfr8k no sadly I don't have an iPhone 
@technotip Nopes 
@technoweenie a popular request, but it's up to agile to add stainless support to 1password, not the other way around.  hands are tied 
@technoweenie Nor will it display your webapp views without ridiculous reformatting into tables. Makes sending nice notices PAINful. 
@TechRestore thanks, I think the MacBook is beyond repair though. 
@techvik i still haven't received that email.   *sniff*
@teckie Yeah there were 2, got them both to compensate for the lack of Half Baked. 
@TEDavis whats ye plannin on doin home-wise boyo? Id come n visit you but can't afford it  Quicker to urs than it is to home tho lol
@teddfox They are seriously holding out on us 
@teddib OH MAN! I totally forgot about your message!!!! About the tripod  Sorry! I'm home non work hours on Wed. All day Thru n Fri.
@teddy_dunn Can i have him on loan while I'm sad just for a week? That's only as long as i'm ever allowed to be happy 
@teddy_dunn Me too  poor baby I'll comfort him ;)
@Teddy2kk huh?! Pushy?  you don't know me at all...
@teddy360 Hey did you send an email with the assigment for Java 2? I didn't get anything 
@teddybeardoctor i still fail at life, i haven't seen it 
@teddygnz Just to let you know...sending big hugs LG 
@teddykooomen hahaha thats what I figured. and im not sure yet- probably late cause theres dinner and im in westchester 
@teddyp00h  I'm sorry baby  Me neither. We can be sick together
@teddyrised It's working atm but has been getting progressively worse over last 2 days. Only came back from repairs about 2wks ago 
@tedgrafx I am, indeed. I try to do it twice js&amp;php. Invalid data sucks. 
@tedisaharryson: Ha ha.  Aw. That's too bad!
@tedmayhem I need more info about this leg-waving malarky... cant get MotoGP over here.. 
@tedmustard HEY! You said that was a special birthday gift you saved for special people... 
@tedoe I saw that  better pack my waterproof! Is it quite warm though?
@tedoe oih. How sad 
@tedrubin That is so terrible. 
@tee_tha is facebook blocked ??? i cant access it ... wtf ! 
@Tee622 OUCH..    U AIIGHT OVA THERE?  GOTTA BE CAREFUL HOMIE
@teechristina Aww... that's both exciting and crappy. Congrats on winning but sorry you can't go to it. 
@TeeDayZ I'm up thinking about Angelia I think I heard her crying in my dream and now I can't go back to sleep.  I miss her
@TeeDotReese yea, I've heard of ppl going 2 weeks! that's pushing it. Imma just take it day by day. ahh, that means no alcohol 
@teedramoses Ok... I know I'm late, but I JUST came across the &quot;Lionhearted&quot; mixtape... WONDERFUL!! Mad I missed u in DC  I wish u well..
@teedubya My favorite bing feature is the video search, it's really cool to see the little previews and no-one seems to care about it 
@teeeeeef ...wait a minute...are you luring me in with fancy sporks just to have me get mauled by a bobcat at your whimsy? 
@teeeeeef Really???  I totally don't like it spelled with a U!  It feels like I'm in Jr. High again.  I'm totally a COME'r.  
@teeemeee i want 1 too! 
@TeeeNeee heyyy can u tell me the full title of our kkg? pn.isya resfused to tell me 
@teefany I don't either buuuut they are 
@teefiveten sooo sorry I forgot to respond!! I really want to go but I'm working Sunday! I've never had dim sum! 
@teefunnywong huh what 
@teefury Not seeing it. The Facebook preview? looked all up and down your body.... of your web page  Still nvr got shrt U snt. BURROWISH 
@teejay0109 awww   you know I still love ya!!! *hugs and kisses* @gadataguy
@teejay0109 Every man has a crush on a woman younger than him.  Wasn't sure which of the other two was a lie 
@TeekDaFreekCxC yea i was disconnected from the world and it traumatized me 
@TeelaJBrown yummy. I'm still dry for the time being. no longer the diet, but antibiotics. bummer 
@Teelicious89 no man... i really hate working  no joke lol...it's okay it's just when a place gets busy and they try and keep u longer! 
@teelong i do but i'm not there 
@TeeMonster socmedia's been psi-jacked 
@teemus how were you able to get iphone os 3.0 it still says not available in indian store ...apple sucks 
@teemwilliams Completely ridiculous isn't it, she's a mum of 4 as well 
@teemwilliams haha should i help you? im hungry and there's no food in my house 
@teemwilliams michelle 
@teemwilliams OMG...That tweet brought tears 2ma eyes.Cuz im starin at ma dads pic right now.Lost him 10 years ago 
@teemwilliams that's craaaazy. Oh.. Kelly is going to Paris... I'm soooo jealous . 
@teemwilliams You comin to Detroit...and I could've seen you live....oh well. It wasn't meant to be I guess. Maybe some other time. 
@teenagedvow it's gonna be Tiananmen Square all over again. 
@teenagevows YEAH BECAUSE WE'RE TAKING THEM ON THE MAKEUP DAYS. AS IN I MISS THEM, I FAIL MY CLASS. 
@TeenCelebBuzz no problem it's me @JoeJisthebest on my other twitter please follow me i had to many tweets 
@TeenieBadger hmmm did you just send that twice haha, ohhhh it FAILS  ah well we'll live... Hopefully :L
@TeenLantern24 I keep clicking there but nothing happens 
@teenscene no  i couldn't even go to youth group that night 
@teepham i have no idea BUT im home in bed 
@TeeRibbzz awww poor baby...I know this weather sucks!!! 
@TeeRibbzz u unfollowed me  made me sad
@TeeSaid Lol. You still better have your voice for Epik High. I dont think I'm up for it  concert is in less than a week &amp;I'm not excited.
@Teese they ran out of bor lor char siu bao last week 
@teeshaluvstink yes, ma'am..the motion can fecal matter frm back to front...kinda like wipin ur ass that way. sad but true 
@Teetabi no not yet..I'm thinking if I don't find that disc I'm just gonna have to buy a whole new program 
@teetee_71 I am not drinking. Too sad for me. 
@teetee_71 WHATTTT? I've been to Costa Rica MANY times and NOTHING happened to me. I suppose I'm not delicate enough. 
@teexnuhh noo I wish 
@teffaa  me too
@Teffysnedgehead EFF.  That sucks yo!  
@teffysnedgehead They're jealous of his HIP DENTS. 
@Teflon_Neverson HE DIDNT MAKE IT 
@teflonted I recorded 3 shows think I was using an Apple iSight as a Mic (great mic too) and the built in mic was really being used 
@teganann Do you have the same issue? With the cursor all jacked up when typing? Went back to TweetDeck but REALLY loved Seesmic 
@tegocalderon when will u come to Oklahoma??? no hay musica buena aqui!!!!!!!      we need good music...
@TehBlue I don;t know how they interact. I'm getting better with the pain, though. I want to give my poor liver a break. 
@tehbus Epic fail this side 
@tehchibipanda bitch! you should have come over and played. 
@tehdancingjames I had a fashion emergency! Where were you 
@TehDrunknMunky Nice one DM. Its currently not instock  I'll have to keep my eyes peeled on that site.
@TehDrunknMunky oh no is it cold outside? i was gonna go for a run  no not got it fixed yet 
@TehGrumpyDude lol not my choice I'm afraid 
@TehKimber Am I glad nobody of my friends is one Twitter. They surely would laugh with me I think :o! It sucks for you though 
@TehKimber I am doing well. Wishing i could see Star Trek with you guys. 
@tehkraft better idea would be going down to c her 
@Tehlem0n i didnt even know that there was washing outside  we had to rush outside and get wet 
@Tehlem0n not my fault  I was watching first and he had the nerve to come and shout at me that FOOOOOL. 
@tehlike Add Quick Reference kills my VS 
@tehlike Didn't think so. Think I'm going to have to inject the container again 
@tehlike yep!  i'm so pissed that i'm considering a legacy solution. This is costing me to much time for such simple functionality
@tehlike You need to have ruby and rake installed on the client machine.  Luckily we have nant scripts that work now. RIP horn rake 
@tehmonocran ewwww, yes i am aware of that story.  R.I. P pigunz. Haha, you &amp; Zach. Btw i have rooseel tonight.
ugh, morning's off to a rough start 
ugh, mother nature. i don't feel good. 
ugh, moths  Just had to kill this HUGE white one, i swear it was just a flying trantula... haha, ew 
ugh, must clean room before floor entirely disappears, but its so warm and sunny outside...... 
ugh, my allergies are BAD today 
ugh, my brothers are completely out of their minds.  i can't believe i put my parents through all of it, too.  i was a terrible daughter. 
ugh, my cough is terrible! 
Ugh, my eyes are on fire. The joys of hayfever 
ugh, my oral presentation for espanol is tommorow and i dont even know what to say 
Ugh, my phone ran out of batteries this morning and I had to leave it at home. I felt so disconnected! 
ugh, my Sidekick 3 isn't working!  it's not letting me on the internet.
ugh, my twitter followers were few. 
Ugh, my twitter only updates to facebook at random times. 
Ugh, netball 
Ugh, never ending day of work today. Better get out of bed 
Ugh, no internet. Forgot to pay the bill.  
ugh, not feeling so good.. and not liking that I don't feel good.. Hopefully some dinner will help 
Ugh, not looking forward to moving this week...    Will be great to be in a house with my girlfriend without a roommate though  ;)
Ugh, not watching Jon and Kate + 8 anymore... So depressing. 
Ugh, please hurry up! I have a lot to do and I still have to study.  There's not enough time in this day.
ugh, revision. i really need to dye my hair. and where is my mum? she's supposed to be back by now 
Ugh, rice epicurean--$50 minimum, $9 delivery fee, $6 &quot;stairs fee.&quot; Being a cripple sucks. 
UGH, RIP Have Heart 
Ugh, running so late. I look like crap, and basically just threw on anything, I hate monday morningssss 
Ugh, Serangoon mrt station is annoyingly messy. I got lost inside  how retard. - http://tweet.sg
Ugh, should have been in bed a long time ago.  Working @ Koke Mill tomorrow, what a snooze-fest...BORING!  BLAH. 
ugh, slightly hungover      good morning to my &quot;twit-ees&quot;
ugh, so disappointed in my hair right now.... it doesn't even look like i did anything to it &gt; 
ugh, so homesick, it's not even funny 
Ugh, so tired  That freaky global warming ad just came on lol. I don't liiike.
Ugh, some woman is ruining the mood by smoking... 
ugh, sometimes I think my body really doesn't like me 
Ugh, sore throat. Hope dad didn't pass his fever on to me. 
Ugh, spam accounts are still on this site  I wish they would just go away!
Ugh, starting to feel sick again. 
ugh, stayed up way too late then took a nap. now I feel worse.  not so good. hope you are all doing better than I am today.
ugh, still sore from this weekend 
Ugh, stupid Cadbury techno eyebrow song is looping in my head. 
Ugh, stupid rain 
to add the programs the sales guy said we could.  Totally bumming now.
to afim de ouvir jonas brothers. and this is not a joke 
To all Iranian's... The best of luck to you all!  I wish you all the best in getting what you want!  The road to freedom can be rough! 
To all my followers: everytime I look for you the sun goes down. I love you all you are my reason to be twittering. Except @bloodyangls 
To all my friends: Im deeply sorry i'm moving, i will miss u all so very very much!   
To all my G.U.M.B.O. fam-bam sorry I'm in ATL and I'm gonna have to miss another helping of gumbo this weekend 
To all my new followers, I can't follow you back until I get to 2000 followers.  
To all you stoners happy 4:20, I wish I was going to see devil wears prada instead of seeing ten foot face 
Wish there was an option to make certain updates viewable only to followers instead of an all private/all public option 
wish there was something i could do about the pain 
wish there wasn't any classes tom. ... damn swine flu... 
wish there were more math docs available however. 
Wish there were sum eye candy in my class to keep me awake 
wish there were two of me. One part of me wants to sleep the other part of me needs to go to work.  give me a break.
Wish they hadn't made Deadpool like that in Xmen Origins. Deadpools awesome, so whyyyy 
Wish they would let me climb tower, I hate taking elevators to the top of towers 
Wish this pizza would hurry up  Watching Nevermind The Buzzcocks to pass time though 
wish this stupid flu would go away already! ; doctor didnt help it at all 
Wish we had a garden so we could have a bbq tonight...  might set up a lounge bbq type thing, that'll work. #fridayfirehazzard
Wish we were more mature, argument has become a credo  #squarespace
Wish wish wish I was from Ipswich - you get soooo much more house for your money there! One even has a swimming pool! I want I want!! 
Wish you all a nice sunday!!!! But thereÂ´s no sparkle weather today 
wish you worked at the salon more often!  lunch and apt shopping Tues or Weds? let me know &lt;3
Wish: A permanent job 
wished he was able to go to Charmaine's after-party but nooooooo he had to work 
wished I watched jon &amp; kate plus 8 on monday 
wishes @Lindsey5287v would hang out sometimes  REWD!
wishes @SaraKeywan would come online shes probably having loads of fun on sims 3 shes been ofline for hours! so jelous 
wishes @seetickets would stop telling me about Morrissey dates that are sold out 
Wishes adam was here to carry me to the shop 
wishes Bejewled Blitz lasted longer than 1 minute 
wishes Boy Meets World would come back 
wishes Danny Hogon was coming to visit at the weekend   
wishes Dave Gilmour and Roger Waters would re-unite for a Pink Floyd concert 
wishes denver was a little closer to sf.. 
Wishes Eli's teeth wasn't hurting so badly   Poor little guy is miserable.
To anyone I have hurt, wronged, mislead, ignored, smothered, fought, loved, and lost...I truly apologize, and you deserve better from me 
to anyone who gets to spend time with their dads this fathers day, CHERISH EVERY MOMENT. U never know when its the last. 
To atascadeo! Again for practice  text, tweet, myspace.
To bad I won't be here to enjoy it... g2g2 work 
'To bad u aren't playing soccer with me this year cuz ur fun to play with and ur not a ball hog like some people i know'  lol
To bad yvonne won't be there tonight  she's having a ladies night so that's pretty cool but I still miss her 
To be honest, I hate all your contest ideas. 
To be honest, you're just too thick-headed and overrated for me. 
to be honest...wasting my time xD  it's just that i drank a cup of coffee and now i can't sleep 
To be precise, my MacBook Pro's left fan is loud now, emitting a pitch that's a quarter-tone between B and C, one octave up from middle C 
to be really really... not bored but bad, i won't know the news  but thats ok. BRB x
to be really really... not bored but bad, i won't now the news  but thats ok. BRB x
To bed.... Long day of driving and drama.  god bless y'all
To cap things off, the lower part of my back really hurts. 
to collect the laptops so you can imagine how well that is going over.  Today sucks!
to com fome!! 
to com fooooooooooooooooooooooome 
To complete the trilogy of my (main) activities, I am just feeling a bit sorry for myself after failing my fissure sealant competency... 
To Conrad: el paso misses you. 
to day was the last day of school  im gonna miss all my friends i love them to death!!!!!!
To do list : Acting/singing until 4 ,then dancing from 4-6 ,then shower,eat , the Elena's at 7:30 , pack my bag for elenas, twitter time? 
To Do: Go back to sleep. Steam brussel sprouts. Dance. Call Ann (2ish). Study lines. Colored Museum rehearsal @ 8:30. Dammit!! laundry 
wishes exams were over ahhhhhhhhhh 
wishes for a karma boost, PLEASE?  http://plurk.com/p/z7kf6
wishes for a new mp3  At least one that has a capacity of more than 1GB  http://plurk.com/p/pb62f
wishes for something good to happen..   http://plurk.com/p/p675p
wishes gelo is beside her  http://plurk.com/p/12m73l
wishes grandaunty will have a speedy recovery. We are all worried for you.  http://plurk.com/p/11xnzx
wishes he could afford a Wii and the new Ghostbusters game.  Maybe I can find them on Craigslist http://www.weirdal.com
Wishes he could buy a new MBP with 8 gigs of DDR3 
Wishes he could cheer his gf up 
Wishes he could find pics of Yui Yoshioka in a bikini SOMEWHERE on the net. 
wishes he could fly, way up to the sky, but he can't 
wishes he could hold a Press Conference announcing an affair - but it wouldn't be true 
wishes he could perfect canon rock- insane tap...  http://plurk.com/p/y16p6
wishes he could play the real version of :clair de lune&quot; 
wishes he could remember his dreams. last night involved someone writing on my Ecko backpack - NOT cool 
Wishes he could sleep in. Went to bed around 12:30 and woke up at 5:30. I hate my life. I need a sleeping mask ASAP.  #yzf
Wishes he could understand his mothers unorthodox parenting skills. He also really wants 2 go 2 bubble island with his friends 
wishes he didn't have practice every saturday morning to make a run for delicious pie in the morning... 
wishes he didn't have to close tonight 
Wishes he didn't have to spend ANOTHER sunny day stuck in a dingy room in the Library 
wishes he had a button that would taser everyone at T-Mobile. They are really sucking ass at the moment! Idiots! 
Wishes he had Four year Strongs new album 
Wishes he had something more interesting to tell you other than he still has no desk @ work   
wishes he had the day off to sleep. I should have gone to bed earlier than I did last night 
wishes he had used Mooncup instead of Mial88 for his name 
wishes he has more gym discipline 
Wishes he knew how to make it better 
Wishes he waited inside the minor injuries unit and now has to wait behind the people that walked past. Gutted 
Wishes he was at church 
wishes he was at the carwash 
wishes he was diving tomorrow.... 
Wishes he was going London with amy 
Wishes he was hanging out with @gmajors and @whatthehellemma 
wishes he was in the position to write about the leaked expenses- no paper out for three weeks though! 
wishes he was out tonight, looks like am gonna be doing work instead of partying at 5TH Ave 
to early! 
To everyone who saw No Doubt w/ Paramore &amp; Bedouin Soundclash in Toronto last night... I hate you 
To face or not to face...i dont have a choice 
To fly from China to Germany through India is not that easy  Lufthansa just offered to fly to India through Germany. ENVIRONMENT?!
To followers who have tons of followers, still chase followers : 'You don't want me..you just want one more follower. 
To gigi..becuz i dnt know how to direct a tweet! umm that was mean 
To have a headache is aaawfuuul  leni i need some kind of help 
to him*... have you forgotten me after not talking for almost a month? 
To ill to go outside in this gorgeous weather 
to kendo addicted e  Ã© linda (
To late home for swimming 
To Lucy Gordon, a thought for you!! it's not because someone is a celebrity that she /he is happy, the proof again with Lucy Gordon! 
To make it worse, its my friends party tonight, and I'm stuck here. I haven't seen her for months 
To many blueberries in my muffins now there really sour 
to many shots of jager...and my boo throwing up thousand times! 
to much stuff in my head and I can't fall asleep 
to much sturbucks coffee for today, stomachache 
To much wanna go home 
ugh, suuuper tired  waiting at bills for my ride.
ugh, tell me why its still not working stupid ipod is fried 
ugh, that hideous Gordon Ramsey's mistress women is on The View talking like she's holier than thou 
ugh, the background i want isnt working 
Ugh, the ligaments in my chest/clavicles/shoulders are inflamed again. Ice packs and painkillers, here I come. 
Ugh, the media is making me mad.  
ugh, the network for this vm running in virtualbox dies every few seconds. Not fun to upgrade packages this way 
Ugh, these ones are dead old...  guess i'll stick some musak on...
ugh, think I accidentally ate a piece of a chili with some potatoes for lunch. mouth is hot 
ugh, this is hard! 
ugh, this is too much ice cream for me. 
Ugh, this kid on the mound for the #Orioles is looking good tonight.  #Mets
ugh, tonight is one of those nights that my bed seems extra empty  @Young_Harlem I miss you
UGH, took a late nap and am awake 
ugh, took my second tongue piercing out this morning  i have to let it heal for 3 weeks and then get it redone because it was so crooked
ugh, tooooooo close!! 
ugh, ugh, ugh. having some doubts. have to write a paper. this has been a bad week for classwork. 
ugh, updating counters takes sooooooo long sometimes  zZzz
ugh, what did I just do?! Heading out for 2 loops in Gatineau staring at 0645 which means I need to leave my place at 0600. EARLY morning 
Ugh, what do you do when you hear demoralizing 'stuff'?......On such a good day 
ugh, what's with all the famous quotes on my timeline!  *yawn* what a dumb way to make your twitter rank higher 
Ugh, what's wrong with my lips? 
UGH, where are all the good places to go swimming in phoenix???? gggrrr sooo hot 
ugh, where did the weekend go 
Ugh, why am I awake?! 
Ugh, why am i awake?!? 
Ugh, why am I not getting my @replies on my newsfeed?  help!
Ugh, why can't I learn any more freakin chords!?!? It's like the last time I learned a new one was nearly 10 years ago! I fail at guitar 
Ugh, why does all the cool stuff happen when I'm not free?   http://tr.im/myun
ugh, why is it so hard to find a job now? and believe me i need one bad! 
ugh, woke up 15 minutes ago. kind of impressed i made it to work this fast. doesn't matter though, i am still the worst. 
ugh, working. missing my girlfriend.... 
Ugh, you are probably my least favorite manager 
Ugh,hate this feelin 
UGH.  HAIR.  weather + frizz =  i'll never have an &quot;edgy&quot; haircut 
Ugh.  Have woken up feeling a bit poorly sick.  Thought I was getting better 
Ugh.  i think the video card in my laptop is dying. 
Ugh.  Looks like me haveta work into the night today 
Ugh.  Together and running but my PVC glue job sucks.  Leaks.   have to do for tonight.  Yet Another Home Depot Trip in the morning.
to much yummy winter food + way to cold to go for a walk =  
To my credit there I was traumatized by an incident between my pup Sampson &amp; a baby opossum. Sammy 1 Baby opossum 0 
To my girls - sorry i've been a homebody lately.  just dont feel well.  doesnt feel like end to me.  
to my twitter &quot;friends&quot; i will return the favor &amp; follow when i get on my computer. still tryin 2 figure out twitter on my blackjack 
To nice outside to be stuck at work 
to palakkad... home.. will be back for the final exam! btw, we had our farewell yesterday! officially out from the college 
to PLAY is cancelled tmr  pub on friday, WHO'S ONS?!
to Pondy... and unfortunately back 
To put my error straight the tango shoe store I visited is called Taconeando (Taco being heel) but I keep writing Talc.  #tangothursdays
to resist mcdonalds fries is PAINFUL!! 
to ruimm 
to save my heart I think Imma let go! I can see myself getting hurt with you! 
to scared to go to sleep now... I hope i dont get bitten  
to school again tommorow..cant believe this! BOOOO.... 
To see how things stand for me here , no good at the moment I'm afraid 
to see someone you love hurting is horrible 
To sleep I go! I wonder what I shall dream about(: not more insects I hope 
wishes he was there!  http://plurk.com/p/11vjww
wishes he were at E3 right now 
Wishes he were more drunk. 
wishes he would stop getting distracted 
wishes he'd call! 
wishes he'd find someone far better...but feels that the bastard is irreplaceable. Where on earth is Jodie? She understands this best. 
wishes her best friend would come back from camping 
wishes her classes started at like 11 everyday.  http://plurk.com/p/132jhc
wishes her CLASSES wont start on MAY 20  http://plurk.com/p/rdusl
wishes her classes would post grades already so she knows whether she failed out of ucla or not. 
wishes her old phone would work again. i want to get my contacts, pictures and everything 
Wishes her parents didnt hate her so that she could be at transformers with her boy  and her friends too of course
wishes her peeps would say PEEP more often 
Wishes her room could be ready right now!!  - But.....this positive cos its only 15 days till The Spray London!! WOOP!
wishes her sister was independent enough to be able to fold her own laundry. seriously. makes me mad 
wishes him the WORST  http://plurk.com/p/ywsei
wishes his legs wouldn't be so useless after the gym 
Wishes his mom wasn't so deadset on having him get a haircut. 
Wishes I can go to the FP Party!!  stuck at work. Have fun guys.
wishes I could be out drinking it up instead of lying in bed, having to open in 6.5 hours 
wishes i could hold my gf 
wishes i could work with horses all summer, too bad the ranch is so far away 
Wishes I had a BFF. I have plenty of friends, but not that that person to go shopping with, talk on the phone, grab a girls lunch...  
Wishes I had a homing device for my eye glasses this morning! Prescription sunglasses aren't going to help me in the office! 
wishes i had done so much differently. 
Wishes i had more chocolate milk... 
wishes I lived in Nashville 
wishes i was at the george strait concert 
wishes i was cuddled up in someones arms watching a movie.  Instead of being alone.
Wishes I was Getting Ready To Go To Wembley For @Jonasbrothers Concert  
Wishes I was going to the pxy summer jam, but can never seem to win 
Wishes i waz Waking up in Vegas!...but im not 
wishes i would of woke up on time today 
Wishes iChat could be used for MSN... 
wishes I'm now in Taipei, then I could go to play volleyball with you guys...  http://plurk.com/p/x3yny
Wishes it was Friday already 
wishes it was Friday already! Its been a long week 
wishes it was septemberrrr. 3 months of pure shiiiiiiiiit to go  xo
wishes it was still Saturday... when everything was fun and frivolous! Stupid Sunday shifts! 
wishes it was winter already so i could pull out the patterned tights and knits 
To sleep I must go. It's 1:20 a.m.  Work in the am, not fun.  
To the beach! (would post an image, but @tweetie is having trouble uploading  ) #pcb
To the cooper hewitt design museum. not going to be able to go to ground zero 
to the doctor again. boo. 
To the farmer's market for eatings for taday's bbq. Weather is not looking good 
to the happy web-dev types down leith posting pics of the sun and sea, spare a thought for us poor saps enjoying lunch in 30 deg offices 
To the lady who just asked our casheir &quot;Aren't there any MEN who work here?&quot; after I waited on her...Have a nice day...and burn in Hell! 
To the library to study I go  really would rather stay at home pretending I'm on the radio and playing the sims
To the person who just sent me a message - I am SO sorry! I thought you were in USA  be safe! #iranelection
to the wrong train, so I missed my train to Pitts and its the ONLY one today  Thank goodness Dave Gibson is awesome
To things i wish. 1) i wasn't really tired 2) i was going to warped. 
To think someone got mad over this? GROW up! We all know the truth to bad it didn't go the other way!  http://mypict.me/5wSr
To those of you who handle your lap-tops with ease - consider yourself on a pedestal {  (Those dang touch-pads 
To those who are hoping for the live MANTIS broadcast this evening, I'm really sorry but my internet is up the spout 
To those who pray, please throw one up in my favor today!!!  Pray for my strength and resolutions to issues that have risen.
Wishes it wasn't raining in NY 
Wishes living with roomates wasn't so hard. 
wishes making food was as easy as snapping your fingers. it's like *snap* and BAM! instant sandwich in front of you. i'm so hungry 
wishes maria bamford or patton oswalt were on Twitter 
wishes Mayka a happy birthday. Too bad I can't go to Laguna for her party. 
wishes mish would move here 
Wishes my car was useable so i  could make that 10 k  guess il have to settle for less
wishes my head would turn off so I could sleep...  http://plurk.com/p/p52sc
wishes my immune system didnt hate me so 
wishes my karma would go up  http://plurk.com/p/116u8x
wishes my mom wasn't so grummpy and would let me go to the miodnight showing of the proposal.. 
Wishes my precious little boy would feel better! 
Wishes my RE-RE could come out 2nite and party.  Its not gonna b the same witout her.
wishes neighbors wouldn't be loud and obnoxious when its too hot to close the windows 
Wishes Nelena would just go public about their past love. We all know it happened. I wish Nelena was back together  I won't stop hoping!
Wishes no doubt tickets werent so high 
wishes painkillers worked 
wishes people didn't take anyone for granted. People seem to leave us almost as quick as they came. 
wishes people would stop smoking outside...it keeps coming into my window 
wishes P-Kid wasn't so sick and in hospital tonight 
wishes ppl would say what they really mean. Beating around the bush just confuses me 
wishes Red Bull wasn't banned in Denmark. 
wishes Rihanna would have testified in court today against Chris Brown.  What he did is unforgiveable.  Now he's getting off easy! 
wishes sana di pa dumating ang bukas  http://plurk.com/p/12ny7h
wishes she can still kiss and hug her father this fathers' day.  http://plurk.com/p/12qp0f
Wishes she could afford Laurell K. Hamilton(LKHamilton)'s&quot;Skin Trade&quot;. Released today. 
wishes she could afford to go see Kevin Smith at Carnegie Hall later this month. 
wishes she could be out with the girls tonight. 
wishes she could blog from work 
wishes she could get tickets to go see @mileycyrus in London this year, but cant afford them  x
Wishes she could go on a holiday with you guys  Boleh tak?
wishes she could go on facebook at work...they blocked it 
wishes she could go see Jersey Boys in New York 
wishes she could go to sleep too 
Wishes she could go to the Ports game on June 20th.  ~Baseball is Love ~
wishes she could have gone to the Buddha exhibit in downtown Sac. Today's the last day 
wishes she could have gone to the SVIIB concert last night!  
wishes she could have have taken her lil sister to the taylor swift show tonight. it sucks being poor.  oh well.... that's life i guess.
wishes she could have went with Eric.. i'll miss him while he's gone 
Wishes she could listen on her iphone 
wishes she could make a difference... 
wishes she could make everyone happy but is failing miseribly 
wishes she could make Melbourne on the 1st May, just not gonna happen 
wishes she could of gone bowling with the gang 
wishes she could see ABT's Romeo + Juliet 
Wishes she could sit up. Back hurts soo bad 
Wishes she could watch a movie with @De7o and @Zenmanvolcano rather than working on Finance &amp; Sports Marketing 
Wishes she could watch Jon n Kate tonight 
Wishes she got mangos to make a smoothie 
wishes she had @TheSims3 
Wishes she had a boyfriend that cared and that aid meet her at the time said 
wishes she had a copy of chameleon circuit to be in charlies video 
wishes she had a long straw so she didn't have to lift her head 
Wishes she had a pool 
wishes she had discovered @UlyssesSeen yesterday instead of this am so she could've follow Bloomsday in Dublin time instead of American 
Wishes she had her fricken lisence right now !  CAN'T WAIIITTT ! &lt;3
wishes she had money to go get toms shoes. 
wishes she had more kaluha 
wishes she had someone to drive to Martin County with her tomorrow 
Wishes she had someone to go to wal-mart with 
wishes she had that 
wishes she had tickets to see Stanley Drucker play this week, there sold out 
wishes she has time for things. Missing Capoeira trainings especially Ginga.  http://plurk.com/p/xc7j5
wishes she knew how to make her twitter profile pretty like everyone else's  &amp; being a loser at home on a saturday night in the summer.
wishes she lived in cali so she could travel around the whole state and meet her husband at walmarts 
Wishes she stayed in bed  today sucks already.
wishes she was at bamboozle  sats were horrible, btw.
wishes she was at SGS!!  I'm misisng out 
wishes she was at the Emirates today for the Summertime Ball ...im officially depressed...i guess the radio will have to do 
wishes she was at the stereos concert rather than studying 
wishes she was back at oasis 
wishes she was feeling better.. 
wishes she was getting breakfast at bates and then getting a great back rub 
wishes she was going to see PJ Harvey at The Wiltern tommorow 
wishes she was in DC.  At least if I'm bored there I could go and harass the gang 
wishes she was in New York with her friends 
to wash clothes or not wash clothes...that is the question.  however, I do need some things to wear....so I guess I'll wash.  
To watch The Proposal or The Hangover? I cant choose 
To which this brat chimes quickly...&quot;Tell me about it!&quot;  this new baby better be nicer to its mama...cuz this is why ppl smother their ...
TO Women's half not as badly organized as thought it would be, but still not keen on necklace. 
To work and then off to Premiere...wonder what this year will hold? Lots of brutal heat, keratin treatments and other curl-killing, I bet 
To work hard or to hardly work? -that is the question... oh wait, Board Meeting, I HAVE to work! 
To work i go, where i really don't wanna be 
to work n so I helped @ludajuice out n thentried to call him l8r in the dream to an answer  o well mac was nice w gold detailin lol
to work or not to work? 
Toaster broken. Now Schwarzbrot for breakfast instead. 
toby has a cut from the groomer  what to put on it??
tocmai m-am uitat cu prietenii la un film deosebit &quot;The Green Mile&quot; , am si plans 
Tocotronic - Hi Freaks   -Timecheck.
todaay waas a shitty daayy, dingbat not answerin his phone annd sammywammy and pattycakes bailed on me  but im happy cause i found my song
todae is a good day, first i get MONeYY$ then sleepover, summer is the greatest! i never want to go back to scool  stupid boys!!!
Ugh.  Work.  
ugh. @soulofayoungman threw a lemon at my face 
ugh. almost done with my first 8 hrs of work. 4 more left. wish I could just be with nateypoo. 
Ugh. Angela twitterjacked me. 
Ugh. At Coachella and can't find my friends 
Ugh. Back to 40 dollar fill ups at the pump 
Ugh. Bangs too short.  Noooo.
Ugh. Been having tummy aches all day. 
Ugh. Black is Beautiful event is off the chain and we are not gonna be able to get in  missed tasha smith, angela bassett, erro et al 
Ugh. bored.  why does mi summer consist of nothing?
Ugh. Campus wide power out  its hot and I can't see
ugh. can't even get off the couch. sooo sick right now. havnt received any tweet love in days. 
ugh. Cant sleep 
Ugh. Cavs. 
ugh. comic con brunch of  to long 
Ugh. Covered in aloe vera gel, and the sunburn still hurts 
Ugh. Crap day today. Maths, French, science, geography, and drama!! :/ 
Ugh. Depressing. Things never work out,do they? 
Ugh. Early morning.  I would like more sleep, please. 
Ugh. Even the most exciting papers get boring after hours of cramming. 
Ugh. Feeling not well. Why do I feel fine on the way to work and then bad at work after its too late to call in sick? 
Ugh. Felt like I was going to die of migraine last night. At least it waited til my break to get bad. 
Ugh. Gas is so expensive. 
Ugh. Good Morning! Today is our killer day. I don't get to spend time with my man till late tonight. 
ugh. got to work today, and realized the desk key on my motorcycle keyring is broken. had to go back home to get a working key 
Ugh. Gotta take my tablets! 
Ugh. head hurts  i hate alcohol. with frank and alex in Miami.
ugh. headache! 
UGH. HEADACHE. GO AWAY. What is wrong with my body today? I want me some Joe Jonas. 
Ugh. I am up but do noto want to be. Beautiful morning. Horrible day. 
Ugh. I cannot go back to sleep. It's toooo bright.  Might as well...get up.
Ugh. I cant find my glasses. 
ugh. I cant go back to sleep 
Ugh. I didn't lock the front door or close the sliding door before i left. My house is spooky and empty now. Hooray for being home alone. 
Ugh. I feel horribly sick 
Ugh. I feel like a fat cow today 
ugh. i feel like i'm getting a sore throat.  please no!!
ugh. i feel like such a complainer. I have the worst headache in the world thou.  work till 4 then out n bout.
ugh. i feel sick  bout to lay in bed and read
Ugh. I feel tense and horrible today 
Ugh. I finally got off work an hour late. Throws everything off tonight. I wanna cuddle 
Ugh. I fucking HATE this day. I just wanna go to sleep but tomorrow's one of the WORST days of the year for me. Let it be Monday already. 
Today &amp; tomorrow is the Google Zeitgeist event being held not that far away from us at the Grove Hotel, Hertfordshire. No invites though 
today &quot; boring friends &quot; make me more feel boring today again ...  ..... what can i do today ? 
Today (and tomorrow, and probably Monday) I shal be mostly upgrading UNIX servers.  So much for a restful weekend. 
Today @lalohovis and I lectured in mass, but we both had red hair and the priest made fun of us 
Today = Bad day...loads of homework, cleaning, reading, and I think work later. But all I want to do is go outside 
Today = Off-day ... supposedly to be Sentosa-tanning + gym day. but. Sick sick sick.  grrr!
Today 3 - 10 degrees.  Autumn officially over 
today at the produce store l overheard people talking about how they were pulling dead horses out of the trees after the floods we had 
Today before work all I wanted was a strawberry-banana smoothie.   Of course they were out of strawberries.  
today begins and there's a lot to do... the wedding chores won't be here much longer 
Today can be a really good day or a really bad one.  I have mean anxiety 
Today could be better... would be great if I had confirmation that date night is here in town, since Houston has been nixed.  
Today Delhi is very hot!! 
Today did not go like i planned it 
Today disappears so fast it going to be tomorrow so why not we just call tomorrow today? Okay. I make no sense. Im wasting my time 
Today El Salvador swore in the first far left President to ever be seen...  ... Hope we don't end up like Cuba
Today everybody goin to diving @ Koh Haa !! only me have to sit here 
UGH. I HATE HEALTH. Someone please make school over already. 
ugh. i hate my hair SO much. 
UGH. i hate my mom on facebook!! i don't want to be her friend, but if i'm not she'll take it as the worst thing ever.. 
Ugh. I hate not being able to enjoy a nice day. 
Ugh. I hate pinkeye.  It hasn't even been a month since last time. Ha! Not even 2 weeks.
Ugh. I hate that I forgot how to read music 
Ugh. I have to be at work in 3.5 hours. 
Ugh. I have to make my bed before I can get in it. Life is a constant struggle. 
Ugh. I have to PEE!!! 
Ugh. I just remembered there's sand in my pockets 
ugh. i just saw a giant spider crawl behind my bed. I CANT SLEEP now without worrying it will crawl into my mouth when i sleep 
Ugh. I look like a mental patient. Now my grandma is gonna find out that I'm in the play 
Ugh. I miss my Derrick 
Ugh. I need more Prince George friends. 
Ugh. I never thought I'd hear myself say this, but......not too happy it's Friday.  Going to the oral surgeon at 1. ((sigh)) Wish me luck.
Ugh. I really really wanna feel better 
Ugh. I shouldn't have looked. 
Ugh. I suck. 
Ugh. I think I have to get some teeth pulled 
ugh. I totally can't sleep. 
Ugh. I would do something that stupid. I really hope this doesn't mean I fail....I can't afford to fail my last W course. 
ugh. idk anymore about this cheerleading thing 
Ugh. I'm bored  http://myloc.me/2XcI
Ugh. I'm going back to bed. 
Ugh. I'm going through several different relapses and a bit of withdrawal. Why do you make me feel like this? 
Ugh. I'm having problems extracting Kris' album. 
Ugh. I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight. My AC needs some fixin 
ugh. i'm sick  i threw up last night. and now i'm up early to go to a comic con meet n greet. . .
ugh. i'm slightly sore... need more sleep but no, gotta get to work. 
Ugh. Im so confused. 
ugh. i'm sooooooooo bored. i hate this. 
Ugh. I'm still alive? 
ugh. I'm up. gonna try &amp; leave in 10mins coz the 2hr drive home is NOT appealing right now. back is still owwies. 
Ugh. It is bad when the dog wakes me up b4 the baby does 
Ugh. Its not fun to be at meijer at 4:30 am without @cherrow414 
Ugh. I've been craving mac n cheese for a week. &amp; my brilliant mother forgot to get it when she went to the store yesterday 
Ugh. I've been sleeping all day.  So tired.
Ugh. I've fallen back into my shitty eating/life habits already. Get me the fuck out of here. 
Ugh. Just poked myself in the freaking eye. 
UGH. Just when I thought it was over, I now have to stay here for the next couple of hours. 
Ugh. Kinda bored. 
ugh. kinda tired and my arm hurts!! and my pinky nail!!  dang.
Ugh. Lakers won. Again. 
ugh. last night i got hit i the nose and it stills hurts really bad  there's a huge bump on my nose now. wish the pain would go away...
today FÃªte de la Musique ! I want 2 go 2 Guetta's at Parc de Bagatelle but I'm sure it's gonna be packed &amp; I start feeling anxious 
Today Facts: Pinocchio is Italian for &quot;pine head.&quot; &amp; i have a loooooot of homework to do 
Today feels like a ugh kind of day, and on top of that ugh 
Today getting ready and packing for #EuroDjangoCon Also have to finalise my tax returns 
today Guggenheim &amp; MoMa...raining 
Today has already been hell... shit can't get any worse I don't think... 
Today has been a colossal pooch-screw of a day... 
today has been a shit filled day. i need to give sophie a hug 
Today has been boring.... Havent hung out with roni lately so i might do that... graduation was funn! and sad 
Today has been crappy. Still packing and feeling sick. 
today has been going by sooooooooo sssssssllllllllllllooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwww 
Today has been good but also kind of sucky. 
Today has been horrible ! I'm going to sleep now so the day can end ! 
Today has been long, I'm sleepy. Colin and I have only talked for eight minutes in the past 24 hours. 
today has been so annoying first i walk to get hair dye and they don't even sell it and then the gym was closed 
Today has been so tiring. And it doesnt help my hayfever is doing my head in. 
Today has been the worst day of work yet. 
Today has been wasted  awh James Bond makes me laugh
Today has had it's ups and downs like all days. Still have a headache.    I'm also boredd. (&lt;--suckss!) I wish someone would text me
Today has made me realise that I really can't stand living in England, I mean it's july and the weather is depressing 
UGH. Like almost everyone is still asleep. Only (most) normal people would be awake this early on Saturday. 
Ugh. Lost.  with less than an hour to work... But at least i have gas now. Almost stalled on the side of the freeway. I need prayers ppl!
Ugh. Lots to do today. French, Math, line up next semester classes, organize a presentation for Mon, 5 page paper for Tues. But no fun? 
Ugh. Made  it to the gym without shoes. 
Ugh. More writer's block. 
Ugh. My back is killing me. And i keep getting dizzy. I think Im getting sick again 
Ugh. My nose is all stuffed up. 
Ugh. My nose is stuffy. This worries me cuz Justin's sick and I've been around him for the past 3 days. I better not have gotten it. 
Ugh. My old copy of Photoshop Elements wont install on VMware. It worked fine last time... It's all I have and can afford for graphics. 
Ugh. My replacement phone is grosss, and I lost ALL my contacts 
Ugh. My whole family woke up late and I'm STILL soooo tired. I want to in back to bed so much. 
Ugh. Not feeling so good. This ac unit is so cold that my stomach is acting like a jumping bean. 
ugh. off to work meeting at 6 . not something to look forward too .  ..... as long as they give me chicken~ im cool with it
Ugh. On the way to work. Not feeling so good. Damn staph. 
ugh. pain. either i'm getting carpel tunnel in my right wrist or i have bit of tendonitis.  yikes. maybe i should start using a mouse
UGH. Pondahan.  the 24 hour takeover continues...
Ugh. Rafa hasn't dropped a set @ Monte Carlo since the final in 06 &amp; he does it 2day against Djokovic? Ugh again. 
Ugh. Real jobs totally get in the way of dream jobs / hobbies!!! 
Ugh. Really don't want to go to bed  may just watch the Sex and the City boxset..
UGH. Science  (N)
Ugh. SCSI card issues  All new hardware except that.. and i guess that was the issue all along. The developer is involved. will be ok soon
ugh. shoulda took two excedrin. 
Ugh. Sleeping still not easy. 
Ugh. So bored. Mommy said she was going to touch up her make up and we were going to go to the galley and Food Lion. We haven't left yet. 
Ugh. So tired but i dont want to go to bed have funeral stuff all day tomorow, well today... Anyways it will be sad. 
Ugh. So tired. 30 mins of sleep wasn't enough. 
ugh. someone hold me. 
ugh. something's wrong with my back. 
Ugh. Suprise trip to Shelton.  Afta school.
Ugh. the less i drive in, the more i hate it when i do 
Ugh. This stomach ache is keeping me awake. 
Ugh. 'Three point oh-no' seems to get bored of using wi-fi and switch back to 3G without so much as a by your leave 
ugh. today is gonna be full of regretful-like things. i can see it now 
today has possibly been the worst day and i am not in a good mood! and i have to work tomo now aswell! 
today has sucked unbelievably bad. i miss alissa  tomorrow will be better.
Today hopefully i am going to audition for a movie!! Just got to find one first 
Today I accidentally ran over a squirrel. Immediately afterwards, The Fray's cover of &quot;Heartless&quot; came on the radio. Felt like crying. 
Today I accidentally stuck a knife through my finger, passed out, and went into convulsions. Not fun at all  Feel better now though
Today i am completly gutting my room  fun fun fun! But then the Helenator and I are going shopping for prom bling lol xx
today i am having more teeth ripped out of my gob - massive joy! 
Today i am missin my mammie willers  Song of the day '' i miss you''- miley cyrus
Today I am not going to see smackdown 
Today I am the textbook definition of unmotivated. 
Today I am trying to convert a documentary into a radio feature !!  Very annoying 
Today I am trying to do something other then sit inside all day! No car+rain makes me sad  anyone wanna come save me?
Today i asked at my internship if I could stay for a summer job, but they said 'they had enough people'.. 
Today I could go get my new phone, probably won't get to until saturday afternoon though. Boo!  
today i did nearly nothing at all 
today i feel GOOD!!!! ... actually i feel like a million dollars, and i look like a trillion!!! xoxo my baby has a fever tho  feel better
today I feel horrible and ugly and rubbish 
today i found out that i can actually get onto twitter on my phone... then it sadly didnt work. screw you 
today i had a headache it was a shame 
today i had a softball game. got out of my slump, and fielded awesomely. extremely excited, but lost tournament and didnt get a shirt. 
ugh. today, my face... not so much 
ugh. ughh. ugghgughghhguh. i can't get over it 
Ugh. Unhappy today 
ugh. up waaaaaaay to early to be an airport taxi 
Ugh. Waiting in line at the dmv 
ugh. what a shitty game 
Ugh. Whatever. A slap is a slap whether it's intentional or not 
UGH. Why am I ALWAYS SO TIRED? Got nothing done today, as usual... 
Ugh. Why can't I live in Los Angeles? I want to be an extra in @ddlovatos new music video! Life is so unfair. &amp; it's so boring here 
ugh. why did i get up so early? 
Ugh. Why do people insist on hacking my Myspace ?  crazy, creepy nerds...
Ugh. Why is it all these online multiplayer games don't let you play co-op locally? 
ugh. why why why why why why why WHY ! 
Ugh. wireless is sucky. I think I get to spend twenty bucks. 
ugh. woke up w/ lovely headache this morning 
Ugh. Work again. feels like I've been on vacation,  even if it was just a week in bed with the flu... Ugh. 
ugh. work on my night off. boo 
ugh.! back 2 work 
Ugh..  this sucks.
Ugh.. Another long drive later 2day 
Ugh.. apparantly doc authorized my refills on tuesday (and ready to be picked up), but the order status online still says waiting review. 
ugh.. back to 95 followers. 
ugh.. figures it is supposed to rain the day I am supposed to go hang out...    so bummed
ugh.. I came back from a trip to the mounties with my parents.. I am tired 
ugh.. I came to work an hour early again.. hate this 
ugh.. i hate packing.. its as bad as unpacking... and travelling ugh! 
Ugh.. idk anymore      ...&lt;3?
Ugh.. its Monday and the begining of Hurricane season. Can today get any better 
ugh.. just landed in sacremento with only 3 hours of sleep under my belt.. wec fight is on sunday! ring girl time. im sooo tired 
Ugh.. Rain  Off to Keishas later.. maby?
ugh.. sick as hell 
ugh.. the coughing has begun 
Ugh.. who gets a migrane @ 2am? i do. fmylife 
ugh... 5 am is not my best time of the day. Damn early flights.  
Ugh... Ariza has gas  It's SO gross.
Ugh... Back to the daily grind. Vacation is over  I'm gonna need moar coffee for this.
Ugh... Feeling like death warmed up. All of us are sick  no bueno.
ugh... getting ready for church! i know I'm gonna cry 
ugh... heading back to work to fix a problem. 
Ugh... I am officially broke and I haven't even spent anything yet!! :O Ugh ugh ugggghhhhhh!! I hate money!   #peterfacinelli
UGH... I am soooo drag assing today  but on a brighter note I got my G1 update &amp; it is the biznesssss!
ugh... I am sooooooo sick 
ugh... i don't feel good this morning   hope that goes away...
today i had final oral test....    
Today I had to block 5 women  I'm really NOT interested in dates with women *lol* I'm married and I'm happy with the man I have *lol*
Today I had to let my friend go because he doesn't want to get serious. 
today i have full work day .. tell tomorrow   
Today I have to work a lot with Andrea, she have to make a new plan for work, finishing the shoot we have to go and look for outfits 
today i kinda feel sick of everything, sick of work, sick of dreary grey bradford, sick sick sick. hurumph! 
today i made ice cream in chem class and i totally failed  my ice cream tasted nasty
Today i maybe go watch &quot;hannah montana movie&quot;! And go my friend house. Tomorrow is school 
today i meet a sick man !!!! he cried between me !! so hard 
Today I mostly whacked my thumb with a hammer trying to rip out kitchen cupboards, now the whole lot may have to come out 
Today I plan to eat an #apple - not very exciting I know but not every day with me is a roller coaster of adventures 
Today i realised... wen it cums to making decisions.. m not at all confident 
Today I received an email from my teacher, which made me cry because it touched me so much. I really am going to miss going to MCCS. 
Today I saw something that I shouldn't have seen. But, what has been seen cannot be unseen... 
Wishes she was in Nyc right now 
wishes she was not stuck inside when we are finally having a nice summer day in LA 
wishes she was on the cruise with @NKOTB 
wishes she was reading a novel instead of faking study for her exam tomorrow. Pretending to study is really exhausting. I'm so run-down 
Wishes she wasn't stuck at work till 6:30 and was out on the sunshine instead!!!  x
wishes she were goin to Summer Jam 2maro 
wishes she would tell him if there's a problem.  
wishes she would win the lottery so she can take family on holiday 
wishes sissy was here 
Wishes SO bad I could be seeing SEPTEMBER tomorrow 
wishes some distributor would release Mad Love with English subtitles.  Spanish isn't on my list of language hopefuls. 
wishes somebody could reply to one of my posts 
wishes somehow that there's no school tomorrow.. 
wishes someone was awake and would text her 
Wishes someone was here for him 
wishes someone was here to make sunday brunch with. 
Wishes someone would bid on his eBay auction 
wishes sooo badly that she could go to pride  or at leasssst with shelby on tuesday...
wishes soulja boy would do a UK tour  really wanna see him live! the amazing man he is! (L)
wishes summer would finally arrive... I'm freezing 
Wishes that all Yankai said last night was true 
wishes that Greg hadn't had to go back to work today .... It was lovely with him home last week 
wishes that he actually gets genuine followers instead of spam followers.. 
wishes that i was there with them instead of here alone 
wishes that Jay Onrait would follow me 
wishes that Lee didn't always have to leave. 
wishes that marvin would reply 
wishes that more Law Schools will rise in Makati aside from Ateneo.  http://plurk.com/p/vhm7j
wishes that my boo @Jcmtt13 was here because who else am I gonna have late night phone calls with while your gone 
Wishes that ObjC2 had namespaces. 
wishes that people who are employed by people, who dont like people didn't have to 
wishes that she and her bff could both be happy at the same time,seems like when one of us is great the other has something go not great 
Wishes that she could be excited that tomorrow is friday...but no i work all weekend 
wishes that she was at Morbid angel right now 
wishes that she was NOT having a tame (Lame) night at home alone 
wishes that she was NOT having a tame (Lame) Saturday night at home alone 
Wishes that someone would take my hayfever off me forever  People who don't get it, don't seem to fully appreciate their luck....
wishes that they would turn-off the AC in the office 
wishes that when he asks a celeb something they would answer back 
Ugh... i feel so sick right now  Blahh ):
ugh... i hate workin saturdays 
Ugh... I told my son I'd go to church today... But I just wanna lay in bed...  HELP! I need some energy...
Ugh... I?m bored 
Ugh... It's beautiful outside and I don't feel well...  
ugh... just spent 39 on library fines 
UGH... Man, have I missed Dora. 
Ugh... My Phone is about 2 die 
Ugh... My thoughts are killing me... 
ugh... my uncle broke his Shaun of the Dead DVD.. NOOOOOOO! 
Ugh... Not feeling good at alll.. Biggest stomach ache ever!!  With a headache attached. Way to make my day miserable.
ugh... only 1 3/4th hour and i will be 19... 
Ugh... Really not feeling well today  Hope your all feeling better than I am!
Ugh... So many drunk people staying at my house tonight. 
Ugh... so much crap to get a damn passport.   My address on my license is outdated 
Ugh... Stranded half way to Bragg Creek... Waiting for a tow... Not awesome. 
Ugh... Stuck watching letterman instead of leno bcuz of stupid digital tv. Nbc isn't coming in tonight! 
Ugh... Studying for a Chem test. This blows 
Ugh... The internet connection here is terrible!!! (&gt;w&lt;) Wanna watch one You Tube vid takes about 15 mins for it to load!!! 
Ugh... third cup of coffee and still not quite awake... Oh well, I got 13 more hours to wake up b4 my shift ends  Boo hoo, lol
Ugh... Why does my ac have to broken right now? I'm dying in here. 
ugh.... cassie ventura strikes again! just wasted another hot beat 
ugh.... dont wan to get up early tomorrow but it has to be done 
Ugh.... I deleted the wrong album on myspace the other night. 
ugh.... i dont feel soo good 
Ugh.... I gave in to the double stuffs. Dammit. 
Ugh...... ED2nd 
ugh.......  decent day... bad ending... time for sleep.
UGH......I took medicine on an empty stomach  regretting it..........
Ugh.....Summer Exams Coming Up.....      Maths is worrying me!
Ugh.....tomorrow is going to be a LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG day. Courtside 8:30-4, CPI 5:30-Bed 
ugh....dishes....  
ugh....I'm going to miss Conan tonight. 
UGH....I'm up 
Ugh....my mouth is killing me...need my wisdom tooth out, but I'm too chicken. if this pain doesn't let up, I'll do anything.. 
Ugh....snow in June...it's just not right. 
ugh....so full! If I were only at home so I can go to sleep 
ugh....tennis match 
UGH....why is the whammy bar broken on my guitar? 
ugh...a day without chatting with u, is like a day without happiness 
ugh...can't sleep 
ugh...class! 
ugh...confused again... 
Ugh...crunchy cheese, ftl. 
Ugh...didn't think I could feel worse, but I do, so much to accomplish today, with fever, chills, aches and no voice 
wishes that you would talk to her 
wishes the #48hbc was next weekend. Then I could do it.  Stupid finals that need to be studied for.
Wishes the dog's sad face didn't make me feel so guilty every time I left the house 
Wishes the NBA finals were still on I have nothing to watch while I'm sick 
wishes the night didn't end  http://plurk.com/p/12ldax
wishes the notes debugger had a search facility 
wishes the Starbuck in Chinatown hadn't shut down. 
wishes the sun was still out  boooooo
wishes the sun would come out 
wishes the sun would come out - wanna go out and chillax 
wishes the sun would come out again!! good old british weather!!! 
wishes the weather was more like it was in LV. 
Wishes the weekend could be a little longer 
wishes the weekends were longer! 
wishes the whole receiving updates via text thing was more reliable. She's missed a number of them in the past few days. 
wishes there were some #aslym -type goodness in her city!! 
Wishes theresa had not come to shops with me and charlotte. We would have been alone in her house otherwise  Dam Theresa
wishes they had a sushi place around here 
wishes they would add more Days stars to the Boston event in August. I know I'm greedy. I want to meet Jay again. 
Wishes things would get better. I need to get out of this house, but I'm being prevented. It's like no-one care about me anymore..... 
wishes this afternoon could have been a lot longer. stupid exams 
wishes TITP, EH1 festival &amp; parklife would be sooner 
wishes to go and see Muse but noone else likes them. 
wishes to have a new laptop  dili daw kapalit ako sis kay mahal dili na ma carry... http://plurk.com/p/t97b4
wishes to have an ipod touch  http://plurk.com/p/xqw29
wishes twitter had a translator!! Twitter just hasn't caught on in the southern hemisphere yet!! They'll get there aventually I guess! 
wishes twitter would fix the uploading image problem soon 
wishes Xbox Live wasn't down.  http://raptr.com/aKaRiot08
wishes you all a very happy Bloomsday!  I unfortunately will have to work tonight and cannot join any parties celebrating Ulysses.  
Wishes you were here 
wishes you'd go online already. 
wishhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh********************** i wasnt groundeddddd ugggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg    
wishin i cld c my jay  &amp; my 2 baby loves... back in ky b4 the months out, get ready ;)
WISHIN I HAD A JOB 
Wishin I had my laptop...havin to rely on my phone as my ONLY means of internet is NO FUN!! 
Wishin I had somebody to bring me some chicken and stars... I'm sickie  no bueno
Wishin i was @ summer jam  tired of hearing everybody talk about it
wishin i was in ATL 
Wishin I was in Phx tnite. 
wishin my son was better i hate it when is bad 
wishin the day was almost over its not been a good one 
wishin you were here to put me to bed 
wishing @aboos09 was with me right now 
wishing @CathyWeeeen luck on her performance. Sorry i couldnt be there 
wishing @GabrielSaporta won sexiest vegetarian  working 4-close. hopefully diner hangs tonight.
Wishing @sarahlbuchanan @samuelscarpine and Marcy didn't leave me alonerz... 
wishing aaron was the jailer who brought the inmate in tonight..i miss him 
wishing all the moms a happy mother's day. Miss u mom 
wishing and hoping that somehow things start to get better with us. 
wishing carey hart was in my bath with me 
wishing chris was home so he could take care of me....still don't feel good 
Wishing F Mecury was still performing 
Wishing for words to be true :/ shit ain't neva gonna happen huh? SHOULD I JUST GIVE UP? What's a girl to do?  time to sleep!
ugh...eating disorders suck ass!!!! why do I have bulimia for 7 years now?? it comes and goes, but never disappears forever..  
Ugh...hadn't flown for awhile.  1st flight today with Whirlwing and I plow into a guy's bipe.    Man, I feel bad.
Ugh...I can't get my link to work right.  
Ugh...I HATE rude people.......... 
Ugh...I have the opportunity  to perform my civic duty and appear for jury duty tomorrow.
ugh...i haven't been shopping in over a week, i feel so left out on fashion 
UGH...I NEED SOME ALLERGY MEDS ASAP 
Ugh...I think H1N1 has got me...  Do you think chicken soup would help?
Ugh...I wasn't as done with my finals as I thought 
Ugh...I wish I didn't have to get up early, 'cause now I have to go to sleep early 
ugh...i'm annoyed by my parents. ugh  won't let me do anything at all!!!! ugh. but i'm listenin to my new metro station cd!!  sooo good!
UGH...I'M CRAVING SO MANY SWEET SNACKS. OH YA LET ME NUDGE YALL B4 I FORGET THAN LEAVE. BUT I'M REALLY HUNGRY FO SWEET 
ugh...life sucks right now...   when am I gonna be able to be happy...to have something that matters...to be proud of...
ugh...my blackboard site for school is not working today 
ugh...my cell phone isn't updating my twitter! 
Ugh...my headache hasn't gone away all day.  
Ugh...stomach killing me 
ugh...think i have an ear infection 
Ugh...this is bothering me so much. 
Ugh...up at 5am.  Hate west to east coast flights.  Leave at 7:30, arrive in Birmingham at 5pm 
Ugh...WTH my phone been trippin ever sine that damn update came! My lil sister just text me &amp; said she got her update &amp; her phone is fine 
Ugh..167 Queen Anne Rd 
Ugh..another day of work 
ugh..bladder infections are NOT fun!! Im sittin at the Walk-In Clinic waiting for rx for antibiotics. 
ugh..i dont feel good 
ugh..I don't feel good. I spent like 6 minutes writing this.  omg, I have the fever. *cough and a cough. @.@ this is horrible, *cough
Ugh..I need to get back to regular sleeping habits 
ugh..last day off  takin the pool back and gettin a slip n slide today
Ugh..my phone is messed up AGAIN! no phone tonight or tomorrow.  
ugh..nextdoor neighboors are havin a party tonight..another thing i dont get invited to  lmao
Ugh..sick as fuck and cant sleep 
Ugh..very tired &amp; running on empty. Must sleeeeep! I need to get at least 1 hour before work.  
ugh.im sad.kinda depressed.and...the only person that always makes me feel better is hundreds of miles away 
ugh.sad 
Ughghghghghgh I'm going to murder Ruben....Reallll Quick...and then he will be a Ghost Ruben and haunt my ass. 
Wishing he could be sleeping at home but is stuck at work 
wishing he did not have to go... 
Wishing he had a Dad to tell &quot;Happy Fathers Day, I love you&quot; 
wishing he had a reason to be up at 5:35am, and didnt just wake up so early every morning 
wishing he was going to Pink Martini tonight   
Wishing he was here...  I'm really sad today.. and I missss himm soooooo much.. I want him to come home right now, damnit...
Wishing he would try hated so I can be with him again 
wishing her friends had twitter as opposed to facebook 
wishing his cat would have let him sleep later 
Wishing House was on last nite..wat is up with havin to wait another week 
Wishing I at the zoo with @EmGB 
wishing i can go to the CARLOS OLIVERO movie night tomorrow ! but i can't ! ahhh so sad  hopefully there will be a next time ! 
wishing I could be at home in SC celebrating this day with my dad...it's the only thing he would want today 
Wishing I could be at jetset with the space crew. 
Wishing I could be at soccer practice...instead of laying around looking at my bum ankle 
WISHING I COULD BE IN RIO TODAY! 
wishing i could be in the sun, not setting off to work  Boundary MIlll Ball tonight. Woopee!!! But i have to do hair in ten mins...omg! 
wishing i could be in three places at once 
Wishing I could be watching Conan... according to tweets he's hilarious! No TV 
Wishing i could be watching Extreme Rules live on PPV but i can&quot;t  have to go online to keep up
wishing i could be with you now more than ever 
wishing I could cuddle the one I love! 
wishing i could fall asleep  grrrrrr
Wishing I could find the guy that was walking with his twin puppies..i lost him bcuz he had to pick up his doggies poop! lol   i miss u!
Wishing I could get a smoothie from Jamba Juice 
Wishing I could get my knee looked at so I can figure out what is wrong with it, and wants to be in Austin right now 
wishing i could get tickets to the Johnny reid concert on the 24th....no luck though only upperbowl left 
Wishing I could give my peaches her Hello Kitty waffle maker for her new adventure in Miami 
Wishing i could go 2 nags head 2 see my whole family 
Wishing i could go home. I hate hospitals. 
Wishing I could go on summer traveling tours. 
Wishing I could go to every single show on this tour!  But alas, I have a life.  
Wishing I could go visit my best friend Garrick before I start summer school on Monday  Shad &amp; I miss you gorgeous.
wishing I could have a burrito filled with scrambled eggs, ham, cheese... damn you diet!!! I'll settle for little blueberry pancakes. 
Wishing I could have seen my nephew graduate from kindergarten!  
wishing i could hear from you 
Wishing i could in to 'first friday' on main street on this beautiful night. But i have way to much stuff to do. 
Wishing I could lay out and swim...but I'm working all day and all night 
Wishing I could make (elegant) use of the function and list applicative functors in MATLAB 
wishing I could say goodnight 
wishing i could see LC tonight in Nashville  I have to get that book!
wishing i could see my mom 2morrow 
Wishing I could see Randy and Wade tonight... 
wishing i could seen travis and dj-am at there show tonight 
wishing i could sleep 
wishing i could sleep  *tiiiiired* zzzzzzzzzz
Wishing I could sneak in to watch the Star Trek premiere 
wishing I could spend Jax's big day with him   Happy Birthday, Little Man!
Wishing I could spend tmrw with my Dad in AZ, I miss him  I am truly blessed to have such a great guy in my life! Happy Daddy's Day!
Wishing i could stay in bed all day, but about to do some work instead 
Wishing I could take a trip to Beachwood today  but I seriously can't wait 'till Columbus next weekend &amp; Eastonnn!î?–
Wishing I could take your pain away. 
wishing i could talk to someone on the phone... but she will not answer the phone 
wishing I could watch my bro graduate next friday, but he couldn't get more than two tickets so just my parents get to go. 
Wishing I couldve gone to a day  but I have to study for ATI and patho.
wishing i didnt have to do so much school work when i could be enjoying my last two weeks in Australia... 
Wishing I didn't have to work in the am. 
wishing I didn't have to work on the devil machine anymore 
wishing i didnt have to work this week... 
wishing i didnt live 4 hours away 
wishing I had a balancing ball to sit on, it looks fun &amp; comfortable  also, f sociology
Wishing i had a Mac  Someone please buy me one!
Wishing I had a nice warm body laying next to me cause I'm cold. 
Wishing I had a puppy  all these cute doggies @ strut your mut!
wishing i had a song in my head,and my feet in the sand.instead im stuck at work on a lovely day! 
Wishing i had a summer  *histexasangel*
wishing i had an iphone 
wishing I had an ipod  on the bus on the way back home
wishing i had been home to talk to my girlfriend  snif snif
wishing I had bigger feet  http://bit.ly/O6kqs
wishing I had brought my USB fan to work   air_circulation++
wishing i had ice cream  anyone wanna bring me some?
today i thought about him! haiz! i don't know wat i have to do now! cause he forgot me 
Today I took a good look in the mirror and realized something about myself ... I really need Botox injections in my forehead.  
Today I was accused of turning into a bat 
Today i was dreaming with mcfly: i went to their show and dougie wrote   an &quot;autografo&quot; for me! Amazing!!! Missing them here...  Translate
today i watched a car mow down a family of geese crossing the street... sad   baby geese are super cute when they're all fluffy and living
Today I went to a rose garden in a park. I couldn't take good pics,coz it was so windy  But they were at their best and beautiful!! 
Today I went to Starbucks on Tulskaya Metro.  Starbucks is in Moscow! Hooray! But they had no White Chocolate Mocca! Oops! 
Today I went to the pool and they actually were Jack Hammering on the pool deck  while the water exercise class was in session 
today i will: study for bio, study for history, study for r.e (yeah we have an r.e exam- how screwed up) and study for my health sac 
today i wish to get out of australia. tomorrow i will have the same wish 
today i woke up and realised i hate my hair  sigh.
Today I woke up realising I'm already at home.  STILL camp-sick! Wished it'd lasted throughout the hols!
Wishing I had jewelry.  I hope the person who stole all mine is enjoying it because my summer wardrobe isn't as cool without it 
wishing i had money for presale blink182 tickets tomorrow 
wishing I had more time in vegas,have to leave on sunday 
wishing i had my phone  ...
wishing I had my phone back 
wishing I had Showtime. I missed Weeds tonight 
Wishing I had some chain nose pliers right now 
Wishing I had some Del Taco but there is none in Florida and thats sad 
wishing i had some nice cold milk 
wishing i had someone to get me off twitta and beg me to come to bed...nope i dont have anyone 
Wishing I had someone to talk too  No one understands anything 
Wishing i had something to do on Friday night 
wishing i had the dollar to go to a festival this year 
wishing I had to go bed to wake up early for camp, but I don't have too. 
Wishing I hadn't drank at the pub last night! Alcohol before going to bed = waking up at 4am for me 
Wishing I hadn't forgotten my banana at home.  I am hungry.  
wishing i hadn't just eaten free pastries and tasty sumak pitta for lucn. carb overload 
Wishing I hadnt skipped breakfast this morning...hungry! 
Wishing I knew how to make wicked cool flash panels for websites....  My skills are SO outdated!
wishing I never had to leave here 
wishing i really could build dee t-800 
wishing i was a #wordcamp since there's no nyc craigslist bootcamp this year 
Wishing I was at #socialrecruiting 
wishing i was at ashley &amp; roger's. 
Wishing I was at Fluffy tonight with my bitches 
wishing i was at fowa 
Wishing I was at Jeannine's baby shower with all my girlfriends 
Wishing I was at Lp instead of at work  watching from the web, though..
Wishing I was at OOC right now  didn't get to see it at all 
Wishing I was at Summer Jam right now..... On a Sunday tho. I get up too early for that! 
wishing I was at the beach instead of at work 
wishing i was at the brad paisley concert and that mike was home 
wishing i was at the coast, sitting by the pool relaxing, so sick of cold weather   mmm yummy ice cream [:
wishing i was at the today show 
Wishing I was back on the river 
Wishing I was barefoot on the beach instead of waiting on the bus headed to work 
Wishing I was down south shooting @Jason_Mraz tonight 
wishing I was fishing already  My new pink pole is ready to be used!
today i'm going to see hannah montana the movie for the third time at the cinema xD i miss my frank  &lt;3
Today I'm sad, my cat of 10 years has just stopped eating, and is very sick. 
Today I'm thankful my parents raised me to be responsible. I'm 22 and almost debt free except for my car... Until that hosp bill arrived 
Today in dnd-some dumb mute (redundant) reborn catty chick died to a two headed boar 
today in health this kid showed up this card with a bunch of circles.and one of the circles is a different color...noone got it except me 
today is 
Today is a &quot;work around the house day&quot;, for the whole family. No watching/listening to Adam much today  
Today is a beautiful day for accessorizing a new car.. Too bad i won't have it until Monday. 
Today is a beautiful day Sun is shining! I'm going 2B stuck inside at work  Oh well. Hope you all have a wonderful day EVERY moment COUNTS
Today is a boring day. And my paper cut hurts 
today is a busy day. exhausting! 
Today is a concert,so sorry for not going 
Today is a forced PTO day  despite being up and there being work that needs to be done. I think I'm going to say no, and go for a run.
TODAY IS A GOOD DAY BUT ITS COLD 
Today is a good day to dislike AT&amp;T. Vote out of office indeed, @danielpunkass
Today is a little better than yesterday although I am still touch and go. The house is so quiet now that Missy is gone. 
Today is a pretty busy day on our queue, so that's nice - too bad my hunny, @matthewross, is not at home for lunch, that's not so nice 
Today is a sad day for Tucson: http://tr.im/mQ39 I shall miss the sour cream apple pie, fondue, and separate seating for groups with dogs 
Today is a sad running day 
Today is a very sad day after all  Bless George Tiller
Today is a very sad day after all  Bless GT
today is a very sad day. i don't even know how to borrow books in a library. FML. 
Today is a very tough Monday. It's unfortunate because I have 3 exams and a project due this week...and I haven't started anything 
Today is a work day 
Today is all about homework and packing until P.F. Chang's at 8 with the girls and Brent. It is going to be our last dinner together. 
today is already bleh, didnt have time to str8n hair, late, and have a headache, wanted to sleep forever, !!! 
today is already so fucked up and it's not even lunch yet. 
Today is also the first day of summer. The days are officially getting shorter.  #squarespace
Today is becoming QUITE lame.  Not fair.
Today is being dedicated to homework (but it is so pretty outside) 
today is being really slow :/ and i just remembered why i STOPPED listening to your music in the first place.. 
today is boring 
Today is D-Day...as in Driver's License. Is my oldest boy really going to be legally allowed to drive without me riding shotgun?  Waaa!! 
today is disconnect and do the work day 
Today is due day.........no baby and no sign of him.  Hubby is off to work tomorow, I bet I go into labour as soon as I can't contact him.
today is ericas birthday... n i FORGOT! she didn't make a big deal about it so it completely slipped my mind. im such a horrible roomie! 
Today is finally the first day of school..sigh...goodbye to staying on the internet for hours just reading David Archuleta related things 
today is free! i would like to enjoy the sun. but first i must clean the house!  wish everyone a good start into the week!
Today is FRIDAY night and Im home studying 
today is fucking crazy if i dont reply to emails/phone i apologise now! 
Today is ganna be huge. And I am already starting out... down. This will be a &quot;I hate you&quot; day. I hope not, but sadly... 
Today is goin to be awesome! Last day of school! Last day ill get to see my crush for a bit though 
Today is going by so slow. My TweetDeck won't work  grrrrrr.
Today is going by soooo sloooowwww. Tomorrow can't come soon enough. But I'm gonna miss @madasnicole. 11 days. Poop 
Today is going extremely slow 
Today is going to be a long day! 
Today is going to be a looong monday - woke up at 3am with full on pounding-nauseating headache, need to be in bed asleep not at the lab 
Today is going to be a normal day for I hope. We had a group of pilots from a large airline come in last night so it was too much drink 
Today is going to be a terrible day 
today is going to be bad. i can already tell. dallas, i hate you for not being houston. 
Today is going to be bad. Not looking forward to this 
Today is going to be beautiful and I have to work all day.  suck.
Today is going to be rough, I feel I'm about to loose my voice. And I desperately need to gt paid so I can dye my hair  off to work &gt;&lt;
today is going to be spent shifting through old memories at my old house. Packing. 
Today is going to suck.....really bad 
wishing i was going orlando with jac &amp; mark!! Gutted!! 
Wishing I was going to Lebanon with Nivine 
Wishing I was going to see the Charlatans on their North American tour... sigh... but they're skipping my city this time. 
Wishing I was going to UP tonight, but it will have to wait until tomorrow. 
Wishing I was good at photoshop 
Wishing I was hangin' out with my best friend @Heathercostello tonight. 
Wishing i was hanging out with David and Richy! 
Wishing I was home in bed still... So sore 
wishing i was home tonight watching the awards instead of working 
wishing i was in austin eating kerbey lane  not doug's in castro valley
wishing i was in beantown 
Wishing I was in England this morning... 
Wishing I was in Grand Rapids. 
Wishing i was in London 
Wishing I was in MIA W. all my peeps  But I guess AC will have to do..
Wishing I was in Miami....I miss it toooo much 
wishing i was in milwaukee, i miss my bed 
wishing i was in nashville at the veronicas concert. 
wishing i was in newport  baking cupcakes, penguins vs. red wings tonight woo woo
Wishing I was in NJ right now!  
Wishing I was in NYC 
Wishing I was in Ohio so that @davewesleep could serenade me 
wishing I was in SkegeeLanta  * R. SIMONE *
Wishing I was in South Africa today even though its a gorgeous day in Blighty 
wishing i was in the city with the girls 
wishing i was on a beach right now!! 
Wishing i was on holiday....... Really not in the mood 2 be @ work 
Wishing I was on the Cruise!!! 
Wishing I was out  but loving baby kyssja &lt;3 http://myloc.me/4Ccn
Wishing I was out biking right now... but sitting in front of a computer is just as good, right? 
wishing I was out having fun with @eeks_ 
Wishing I was out on a long hack getting sweaty hat hair, finding wee jumps... Suddenly wishing I was 15 again 
WIshing I was out with the girls tonight 
Wishing I was outside instead of working inside packaging. 
wishing i was partying at the rodeo instead of lying down at home healing my potentially broken legs 
wishing i was partying with @whitney__rose right now 
Wishing I was poolside instead of at a desk all day 
Wishing I was sleeping with chicken and chicken jr instead of being all alone 
WISHING I WAS STILL IN BED WITH MY BOO 
Wishing I was still in LA 
Wishing i was sumwere else! 
wishing I was w/ S @ his company BBQ 
wishing I was watching Kelly Clarkson 
Wishing I was with @ky13w4yn3 
wishing i was with my friends in europe  @sparksthetoby, @SparksTheAlex, @NatetheRescue, @patrick_sparks, @SparksTheBen....i miss you!
Wishing I was with my gator  @Gatorpie89
Today is gonna be gay cause i look like shit and cant go home before the gay thing tonight. 
today is gonna be the worst day ever  so many things to do ... so little time -.-
today is gonna be tough, my hearts beating so fast i feel really panicy, my next counter duty is gonna be hard 
Today is gonna be tough. First Fathers Day without my Papa. 
Today is gonna suck. Not much signal so no twitter or facebook this afternoon. 
today is gonna suuuuuuck 
Today is graduation! This is the first class I graduated! My boss won't even let us attend! 
today is her last sunday of work, tomorrow onwards, mon-fri shift, like &quot;normal&quot; people... 
today is in the same time most beautiful and most horrible day... it's sunday 
Today is just a day of being sleepy. Doesn't help that it got cloudy  it was so pretty out!
Today is just not a good day 
Today is just not sara's day 
today is just one of those days that happen to suck ass. 
Today is just plain nasty out 
Today is Karina's last day of school  I have known her for 2 years and now she is a &quot;big&quot; girl and is going 2 kindergarten. I'll miss her.
Today is like a million times exhausting. Im ready to take a nap on checklane 7. 
Today is like a mirror image of the feelings 
Today is like the worst day ever !!! Not really but its pretty bad       I'm almost not in the mood to drink..........
Today IS meeting day. Well, also yesterday. Ooops also tomorrow 
today is most certainly 'one of those days'. . . someone is bound to get cussed out &amp;&amp; it won't even be purposely. blahhh 
today is my aniversary!!! but i hav to keep studing 
Today is my bad day  wew!
Today is my bffs first fathers day without their dad 
Today is my birthday but I didn't get any cake! 
today is my boyfriends birthday and i dont think that im going ot be able to see him  crying!!!
today is my grandpa's 50th anniversary.  i can tell it's going to be a sadddd night.
today is my last day for dog sitting 
Today is my last day here.. 
Today is my last day in MD. I'm driving out to Ohio TOMORROW. I won't be back until July. 
Today is my last day of &quot;tolerance&quot; for all you Spymaster folk - sorry 
Today is my last day of school 
Today is my last day of vacation.  I'm about to go to bed, and then when I get up, do as little as possible.
Today is my last day off from work  Sad I know. Got my truck back from my dad yesterday with only minor damage.
today is my last nite home before a very full week. 
Today is my sister 21st bday! howww scary how grown she is.. 
Today is not a good day 
Today is not a good day for all i can do now is pray 
Today is not a good day. They pulled the plug on my uncle.  I'm so tired of ppl in life being x'd off
Today is not a good day; I've had to block 14 non-spamming ppl today in defense of others thanks to lies being spread on Twitter 
Today is not going to be good, i can already tell 
Wishing i wasn't so sick 
WISHING I WASN'T WORKING THE WHOLE WEEKEND 
Wishing I went to New York 
wishing i went to see sammie todae!!! 
Wishing i were still in bed and not at work... 
wishing i weren't *so* allergic to tapazole.  
Wishing I would win the lottery 
wishing illustrator would stop giving me the spinning beach ball 
Wishing it wasn't already Monday. I still have so much to do. 
Wishing it wasn't raining. I feel like being outdoors and I can't.  thanks rain.
wishing jeff had chopped the wood before he went out - or that i wasn't too unco to be trusted with an axe 
Wishing Johnny Cash was still with us. 
wishing June wasn't here yet...One of my Best Friends is moving sumtime this month 
Wishing KBCO would get the hint and start playing some Adele. 
Wishing Kermie would find a home 
wishing Linnea would understand....I love you Linnea 
Wishing money wasn't the reason I am stuck here when Coldplay is on the other side of the country for the first time in years 
Wishing my babbs was with me right now 
wishing my baby didnt have to sleep all day and go to work tonght 
wishing my baby would come home 
wishing my coffee machine produced a better result 
wishing my Daine was here with me and not in heaven ..miss him soo much 
wishing my family could catch a break... 
Wishing my friends were here... 
wishing my friends werent in chicago  i miss them
Wishing my headache would go away 
Wishing my husband was home with me.... 
Wishing my kidney infection would get better 
wishing my knee was fixed so i could go snowboarding 
Wishing my LocalAdLink was working properly in Steubenville, Ohio. It shows up as Kansas on Boomj--STILL 
Wishing my mommy was here in town 
Wishing my sit e would get some sales...  
Wishing my stupid headache would go away already. 
Wishing my Sunshine headache would go away... 
wishing my tootheache didnt ache            but happy dayZ i went to town      oh yeah bbey
Wishing our boys were home! I dont want my son going back over there 
wishing people had email etiquette  http://tr.im/p8zW
Wishing people weren't so ignorant. 
Ughh  _*&amp;He'sMyWorld;
ughh  i hate toothaches...
Ughh - I hate when my heart is saddd!! 
ughh , sickk.  -.- need shoes for grad and accessories. NEW BATHING SUIT!! need it for tuesday water park 
Ughh 1-0 red wings 
Ughh can't sleep! Feel sick to my stomach... 
ughh come back  so bored. oo its only been ten minutes okay never mind sorry im just SUPER BORED...
Ughh forgot my scrabble slam at home  time for another hunt tomorrow!
ughh fu waves 
Ughh gotta get up for work 
ughh hate you, get out of my life. 
Ughh he drives me crazy.. All because of one dream 
Ughh i cant be bothered getting up and revising 
Ughh I don't want to go back to work!! Feeling slightly depressed that vacation is over and family is not around anymore.... 
Ughh I feel so shitty. Possibly going to be missing school tomorrow. I kind of hope not though... 
Ughh I hate being broke  does anyone know of any jobs??
ughh i hate father's day 
ughh I hate mondays! 10hr day at work today! omg not looking forward to that!!!! 
Ughh I hate my broken car. 
ughh I hate when I can't fall asleep 
ughh i need a magic carpet..i want to be at tgp with chelsea and casey 
Ughh I need gas n I don't feel like going to get some 
Ughh I'm so sleepy but I can't sleep 
ughh im so tired 
Ughh I'm sorry. 
ughh i've had a headache for like four dayss 
ughh Just Took  Geomerty regents I Hope i passed 
ughh looks like L.A. got this one in the bag  oh well.
ughh missed 2 days of school. Got the flu 
ughh my dad is making me play on the B team of fh tonight cuz they dont have enough playeres!! haha but they stink!!!!  but im not alone!!
ughh my head hurts so bad and I can't sleep still! This is ridiculous 
Ughh nick cannon is the host of americas got talent this year.. Big let down 
Ughh none of my apps are working !  phone why do you hate me !
ughh not feelin for hot  and i dont know why!
ughh nothing to do today  and so pretty outside..
ughh o my dang i feel like im gonna throw up! 
ughh please don't put an age limit on BGT. Some of the best acts, and even George Sampson &amp; Perri Kiely are young 
Ughh SATS tomorrow the work till close 
Ughh so many exams this week but it's too hot to study! I'm so failing 
Ughh super long drive to vero beach ..  transformers 2 mebe?
Ughh taking a long shower and passing out. My life is so boring 
wishing ppl didnt feel the need to fill you u on what u did during a night of heavy drinking....not nice 
wishing rob &amp; big was having a huge marathon right now. i miss that show 
wishing Send Forth The Colony were still together. I want to be at an SFTC gig 
wishing she could be out enjoying the sun  sick
wishing she could see you again  ...miss you lots babe &lt;3
Wishing she could take the TV outside in the sun! Altho it is clouding over a bit now 
wishing she didn't eat all the chocolate chip cookies last nite 
wishing she had money to go on a date with rob..... 
wishing she hadnt drunk so mush yestaday 
Wishing she was getting ready for Ditch Fridays @ the Palms Pool.    can I please rewind to last week?
Wishing she was somewhere else 
Wishing she were somewhere else 
Wishing she would give me a chance 
Wishing sleep would find me.  Social media experts, I'm going to need help in the next few months - for my job. Pls reach out to me.  Thx!
Wishing so much that I could see LW appearance in Portland on Aug. 21st! BIG fan and believer, but feeling the pinch 
wishing someone would go make me company at work tomorrow, I'll be there alone from 4pm to 10pm 
wishing that i could be with @ifuseekaamy , imneedingusomuch 
wishing that I could sleep. Tired but apparently my body is not! 
wishing that i could upgrade my phone already DDD: i have to wait until june  good thing is, that it's in JUNE! DD
Wishing that I could wake up earlier on the weekends 
wishing that I had been more productive today 
Wishing that I persue a singing career 
wishing that I was not sick 
wishing that i was vacationing at a really really nice resort...oh where is the money theses days? 
Wishing the 3 day weekend wasn't almost over  Bahhh back to work grrrrr
Wishing the audio on the live feed for the #MITM rally were waaay better.  (@unitethefight)
Wishing the broken steel dlc had a lvl cap of 50  already almost lvl 30.
Wishing the Cavs were in the NBA Finals...we just can't let it go 
