should really get ready for work  3 and 5 days to go!!!! 
Should really go to sleep so i can get up early tomorrow (well today now) 
The thought of going fr PCD suddenly didnt sound as exciting as it was.Maybe because Fiza and Ira had their back stage pass n i didnt 
The thought of having to study math paper 2 makes me wanna cry !  anyone want to sit it for me ?
the thought of school is making me depressed!  where the heck is marvin?? :o 3 days THREEE
The thunder never came  Was up at 4 am, but there was nothing.
The thunderstorm interrupted my walk! Wish we don't have global warming &amp; the freak weather. It's not good for my walkies 
The thunderstorm just woke me up. 
The Thursday Slump 
The ticket inspector took away my used outbound ticket. Doesn't that make it all invalid? Now I feel bereft of part of my travel memories 
The tickets would probably be sold out and i wouldnt get to go anyway... but it would be nice to be able to say i COULD have gone... 
The Tiger had a private party in Lux last night. What a pity I was not invited 
The time doesn't want go over 
The time has come to change everything.....Excited abt the new coll bt sad abt getting seperated from family and friends  :S
The time in Germany went by too fast, only 2 days left   Hopefully I will move here soon.
The time interval between &quot;ZOMG hot!&quot; and &quot;ZOMG mosquitoes!&quot; is too short to get much gardening done 
The time is not my friend today 
The Ting Tings remind me of @sirgrant618 and how much I miss him all the time 
the tips don't seem to help though, #firefox's still hogging the CPU 
The toad family is back tonight. I won't bore u w/ another pic but the one Maddy stepped on accidently is looking kinda sad 
The toaster oven was my fault. Now I'm going to look like an idiot in front of my father. 
the Tom Hickox single lasted 4 seconds 
The Toni Braxton record &quot;Pulse&quot; got leaked.   ...these hackers are not playing! smh.
The Tonight show was GREAT!!!.....Next the SUCKFEST known as Fallon 
the tony's are making me really homesick. 
should really start updating my twitter more often no wonder no one follows me! today stu has a meeting about redundancies at work 
should really study 
Should reserve more time read BOND documents and prepare for project. 
should sleep but can't  woe is my life
should sleep, so drunk/tired/weird. really do wish i hadn't said no. tried to fix something that's broken. don't like it 
Should standing up to what you believe in lead to death? R.I.P  #iranelection
should start studying for eng 
should stop drinking, been going all week!! naughty ascot atmosphere  stomachs feeling the pain but will hold out one more day!
should stop looking at the menus on allears.net My mouth is watering yet my wallet is dry  #fb
should stop waking up at 4  get to see sarah today  i think someones messed the keys up. gonna see who my real friends are today as well
should think about heading to bed... work in the mornin arrggghhh    
SHOULDA GONE TODAY! WTF, UGHHH! 
Shoulda listened to chantelle! 
shoulda saved an flv copy of orig. guhroogamesh when i could  ;_;
Shoulda stayed home. im an idiot.   
Shoulda stayed out to play longer but @johnnab went in. 
Shoulda went to Hannah's 
shoulder and back hurt like a b*tch......dont kno why tho....fun night...more fun tmw night.....then jury duty monday 
shoulder is in pain. 
Shoulder is killing me 
shoulder is so owwy... 
Shoulder of lamb in the oven and smelling amazing. Wish i'd bought some bacon for breakfast 
Shoulder still hurts. Knee better. Wrist a little sore. Stupid ditch. Stupid gravity. 
shoulders are super sore, dancing should be fun tonight 
shouldn't be awake at this time of the morning 
shouldn't be talking to him 
shouldnt have eaten that hotdog 
Shouldn't have left the poker game so early - it was looking so promising and could've done with the 40 quid 
Shouldn't have to be up at 7am on a Saturday. 
should've been seeing the saturdays tonight 
The top is totally coming down on the way home today. But I forgot my sunglasses  Anyone got a spare pair?
the tornado siren has just gone off here. I'm scared. i never knew how sounds could just instantly change your emotions 
the tornadoes are tearing up kennywood 
The torrential downpour, the metro, and my own issues with promptness caused me to miss the uber-talented @lukebrindley today 
The torture of driving school begins!!! Lol.  Why do they have class so early in the morning?! DURING MY SUMMER!!!
the toy story 3 trailer has made me really want to crack out the toy story DVDS 
The traffic I was stuck in was caused by this,  http://bit.ly/oZtsG
The tram broke down.  freakin terrorists.  http://twitpic.com/7z2or
The trending topics have shown to me that Bebe's Kids is on BET right now.  ...I wish I was at home so I could watch it. 
The Tribe score 4 runs in the bottom of the 9th to tie the game, but then lose by 1 run in the 11th &amp; get swept by the Brewers. 
the trip was really great. but i cant belive summers here 
The triplets of belleville just ended. 
The trophy on his hands feels so wrong.    There's no rolling on clay, no biting, no Spanish anthem. *whines*
The trouble with weekends is that everyone else gets to relax but me 
the truth..... 
the tummy monster hates me 
the turnpike signs said harisburg and the other to ohio... i wouldve rather taken the ohio exit to see the ohio fam 
The TV show went pretty well, music wise, but I didn't get paid. 
The tweetdeck for iphone pre like columns are very slick. But it's crashed three times in two minutes already 
the tweetdeck iPhone app has some nice features but it crashed on me in the first 5 minutes of use 
The Twelves don't have a Wikipedia page. I'll never have a full list 
Since I'm neither a student nor a teacher, I'm actually sad that school is ending in 2-1/2 weeks  
Since Ive deleted the twitter app on facebook. Ive slipped on my facebook status updates  
since Ling is unwell, I'll go as planed alone 
Since now it's not private, I have to refrain from scolding people. 
Since people won't respond, all my hype &amp; excitedness 4 the Blink 182 concert is gone. Hope I can figure thisbout &amp; find some way to go 
Since the bf are not coming, I'm just gonna watch the new gossipgirl, the hills, 24 and he's just not that into you the whole nite 
Since the sun won't show itself I'm going tanning. Indoors. 
since then the morning mcfly not in MTV anymore and i do not know why 
Since there's no suspension, there'll be a quiz in Geom tomorrow. 
Since this means returning an unsealed software, I am happy I got my money back! Thanks Magix, 4 me this means never ever 
Since when did outback steakhouse get rid of their artichoke dip??! 
since when has my life became full of maths...i thought i got rid of this in high school 
sincerely hopes that tomorrow is better. Bad days suck. Not fair. Frustrated&amp;sad&amp;.... all things lame 
Sing us a song and we'll sing it back to you.                     .......but what would it be without you 
Singapore H1N1 cases crosses the tipping point  http://bit.ly/GECan
singapore movies are getting more and more....not so nice.  
The Twilight Zone - RIP - June 19th 1964  http://bit.ly/DlV3z
the twitching in my right eye has moved to my right side or rather they are both twitching in a strange staccato unison. i give up. 
The underwires of my fav bra are poking out... bad times! Katie sad!  x
the unicorn just took a bite out of me 
The union boss of my kitty pride, Flash, got professionally worked over last night.   A morning at the vets is in my tarot cards I ph33r.
The Up movie is really racist. They put the black cloud all by itself. 
The U-Pass this year is going to be $40 a semester! I liked it better when it was free. 
The updated AIM seems to take much longer to load for me 
The upside to cleaning out the fridge before holiday is no smelly fridge on arriving home. The downside is, no food in the fridge. 
The UVa baseball game was so intense last night...but I stayed up late to watch them lose 
The vacation is nearly at an end, time to head back for home.  Talk at everyone then!
the verdict is..... a new iPhone! think its refurbished... screen looks weird  i'll somehow find a way to put du.. http://tinyurl.com/ ...
the version of Zotero I tried ignores the engineering sciences (in bib formats etc.)  Am waiting 4 its updation re: http://ff.im/3xHTz
the very last episode of o.c. california is so sad  but i can't stand taylor... marissa and ryan belong together!
The vibrate isn't working on my phone anymore. 
Singapore's mostly a &quot;me, myself and I&quot; society. That's the sad yet ugly truth. 
singin this song about you!! 
Singing all day today Listen to my music My friends smile with me strange to my friends .. I do not want to go .. 
singing and acting audition! So I got on a train down to Cambridge for nothing! 
singing joeniar arif with indah @ my dorm 
Singing lesson cancelled this morning + Bad hair day + I actually miss you a little = 
singing love story to everyone we drive by! ; ) and Abby says i have bad taste in hits and cars 
Singing Make It Mine - Karaoke Version Again. Huge Stomach Ache + Yearbook = 
singing...my arm hurts...i ran into the door  hah. goes to show you im a total klutz....texttt me..
Single again 
single..but wat do yu care...this place iz lame nd i got no friend on this bitch 
Sinus headache.  That's all I've got to say.
sinus infection 
Sinus Infection is still killing me..  
Sinus infection.  Going back to bed. 
sinus infection. awesome. 
Sinus Infections hurt my little nose. 
sinus pressure is making my face hurt something hella fierce 
sinus pressure... i love spring/summer... but don't like the effects on my head. 
sinuses still acting the fool..... 
Sinuses? An allergy? A cold? Fugg if I kno. I just wish my face n nose wud stop damn twitchin 2day. 
Sippin on tea and relaxing at conrads. Poor guy got hurt at work today 
Sipping Banrock Station #Moscato .... I think I have developed a full-fledged flu. Dang it 
sipping coffee and counting todays chores 
Sipping coffee at the Spa Casino and losing money on the slots 
Sipping my Gaï¿½cho tererï¿½ - it's too strong, I admit I'm a wimp, but I want my 7 Quedas Abacaxi (ananas flavour).  Very awake now though.
Sipping on cocktails with @n_lo and shivering bc the doors are open  when will summer come??
siren: blood curse looks neat but MEH  SO... PAINFULLY AMERICAN... and the dub is lulzy
Sirens are going off 
SiriusXM iPhone app is lame, no #NASCAR and no Howard Stern  Why would I pay 12.99 a month for that?
sis broke my phone  piss off
sis din made upto good entrance result 
Sissy is taking a nap now.  Can't vacuum until she gets up.  I was ona  roll too.
Sissy just left. 
Sissy-in-law has left   One more day in town, then off to Florida for a week.
the video isnt working 
The video keeps freezing up 
The violence in Iran is getting more gruesome. Rasha, you will not be forgotten.  Go green, for freedom!
The virus strike me down 
The voleyball is a bad sport ..............for my health  or my arms  =(.....( i'm crying)  =( 
the volleyball game yesterday was ok... but i kinda hurt my knee... 
the volume on HBO isn't working 
The vote is split. It's just as well, I can only stomach SJP for the duration of an Encounter commercial. i do miss Merritt Buttrick 
The VP is gone...so why am I getting a headache?    Time to have some coffee and fight it off. #migraine #ohnoyoudidnt
The wait for the bus is forever and a half 
The wait for this She Wolf is killing me.... 
The walk-in is sending me to the ER. Not a fun day 
The warm weather is bringing out teh spideh. 
the way it's going, im going to have to pull an all-nighter on Monday to get the paper back. 
the way people talk sometimes bothers me. i'm not very specific. and sorry about my tweets. i'm just so bored 
the WBC protested at commencement and i missed meeting them !?!?! oh darn 
the weather could be really better...| i`m freaking out soon 
The weather forecast is wet &amp; windy today. could be gales on top of Nevis... 
The weather has allowed us to be inside to watch the Pens! The hale has helped to block the satellite.  #fb
The weather has got to work with me today  RAIN RAIN RAIN I feel I live in Seattle beautiful town just tons of RAIN
The weather here in sunny Glasgow is pure wet 
The weather here is terrible. It's knocked my internet out 
the weather in London is grey very grey  which does nothing to improve the mood
The weather in napa is pretty gloomy right now 
The weather is abysmal today 
The weather is amazing for once and I'm stuck inside at work  cough cough uhhh I'm feeling a sick day coming on lol
the weather is amazing right now. Hail storm. I have a killer headache though 
The weather is beautiful in SF, why the fuck am I still workin?! 
the weather is beautiful outside, but instead i must sit inside and study physics    summer please come soon...
The weather is beautiful today in TX!!! A perfect day to go to the pool or play some sports!! Too bad I have 2 b at work 
The weather is being very inconsiderant this morning. Couldn't it piss it down AFTER 9am, when I'm at my desk!? 
The weather is blowing mines right now and I'm in traffic 
The weather is calling for thunderstorms on Saturday  I hope everyones ready for the the relay!
the weather is finally nice and im stuck fathers day shopping and at  dress rehearsal. fml.. i wish i was at the beach 
The weather is getting cooler, goodbye summer 
the weather is great today and.. as usual... i have nothing to wear 
the weather is killing me... and my air con ain't working.. 
The weather is major hot.. even at night by the beach 
the weather is making me miserable 
The weather is miserable..  Little man is sleeping, so my opportunity to close my eyes too! Sleep = valuable these days! Mwhoehaha
the weather is officially retarded up here in the Philippines 
The weather is really hot here, and I gotta go out in the sun.......... 
the weather is really rubbish, and im veryy boredd 
The weather is so gorgeous today!  It's a shame I have to go to go work later and miss out.    Work should be optional on nice days.
The weather is so gray. Depressing!! Have again a headache 
The weather is so hot.. So hot I have given up on eating ice outside. ItÂ´s melted before it reaches my lips 
The weather is so ugly here in S.FLA. it has been raining for 14 straight days.  So far the Summer has been only wet not fun! ugh sigh 
The weather is so ugly n L.A... It's really cold 
the weather is soooo great and IÂ´m sitting here in the office 
The weather is terrible!! I wish the sun would come back 
the weather is too cold for june 
The weather is too hot  and it's not even that hot!!!!!
The weather isn't looking so great for Friday 
The weather isn't nice today..  hope it dosent rain today!!
The weather it much to good to work 
The weather makes me feel so sleepy..I want to go out since Monday but the weather is stopping me... 
the weather messed up my sunday 
The weather outside is amazing and Im stuck inside an office til 5. 
the weather outside is frightful 
The weather picture for tomorrow on my toolbar shows a thermometer on fire. That can't be good. 
the weather put out my cable!! im missing everything!! 
The weather realy sucks. It's already raining the whole morning and doesn't seem, that it would end 
The weather report for chills and rain was so wrong this morning, I'm inappropriately shrouded in a black sweater on this sunny day 
The weather right now is absolutely PERFECT, or would be with sun 
the weather still cold  ~ 
The weather sucks  friday it was all sunny but yesterday it was rainy  and today too :[ what's up with the weather here??
the weather sucks out 
the weather sucks so bad today!!!!!!!!!!! currently doing homework...yes homework..during the summer 
The weather sucks this week 
The weather sucks today, I'm afraid I'll have to move the blogtv show to tomorrow 
the weather this week has been amazing . ugh, i bet next week when i actually can go outside it will be raining alllll the time  damn.
The weather today in new york is absolutely disgusting 
The weather turned out nice here in Newcastle pitty I am stuck indoors at work 
The weather was great while it lasted! Back to the rain and cold. 
the weather was soooo nice today..almost made me forget i have to wake up at 6am tomorrow 
the weatherman hates me 
the weather's gr8......bad i don't hav a girl firend   cldn't hav helped......d back.... bu hu hu
The weather's making me sick. 
The weathers nice, but theres nothing to do 
The weather's nice. But aint good for picnics. 
The weathers taken an awful turn 
the weathers turning shit 
the webcam on my laptop broke  great. no skyping this summmmmmer! D:
The wedding is over, the celebrations surrounding it are also over, just took my test for speech, now the biggest project 
The wedding was beautiful, but I have to skip the reception. 
the week end is over 
the weekend curse is back 
The weekend flew by. I just want to spend the day snuggled up with my hubby. I hate being sick. 
The Weekend has ended and now I have to go back to work 
The weekend is almost finished!!! 
The weekend is for homework 
The weekend is here...no more work (at least until Monday.     )
The weekend is over . Oh well, back to it i suppose 
The weekend is over. Tear  Must be motivated to take care of myself throughout the week. Running and some yoga, for sure.
the weekend is starting. Or at least it would if I had completed all the work I wanted to.... 
the weekend isn't enough!!!  http://plurk.com/p/p54tw
The weekend should've been longer. 
the weekend was a blast. i had a great time on saturday!! Now back to the usual routine...yay 
The weekend was awful 
the weekends almost over...back to Montgomery 
The weekends are 2 days I don't have to get up at 4am! So WHY does my body still insist on waking me up early!  looks a nice morning!
Sister cut her wrist badly. Has to get 3-4 stitches!!!! 
Sister gets an iPhone 3G-S. And I don't because I bought a 3G. 
sister has killer headache! i might not get to go to my cousins wedding shower 
sister is very sick, again 
Sister just bailed on me for @fridaynightboys tonight. Not sure if I can make the 2 hour drive alone...I don't know Portland very well. 
sisters gone again, probs wont see her for another month or so, maybe only just before i leave  other sister is safe in NY, empty house...
sister's lamb died of indigestion. how sad. animals keel over from the most basic things 
SIsters last day @ high school 
Sisters mother-in-law passed. Have a funeral showing today and the funeral tomorrow.  Sad times ~ Joann you will be dearly missed.
site after site after site failing. i just want to watch family guy  
Site certificate for #Bloglines has expired... another sign it's dying the death?  Any recommendations for a web based RSS aggregator?
Site is back faster than expected! Updates &amp; repairs are done, however, we lost all posts from around 5am EST this morning. Sorry 
Site is now for sale. Does not have time to finish it.  Price is minimum $200
Site updated to include info about SA closing -  - and a new Wicked date
Site will be down for awhile. Gotta wait on IPS to fix the problem. 
site: doesn't seem to be working in google today 
Siteground seems to be having a few problems lately 
Sites that republish my blog's feed often end up higher than my blog on Google search results 
siting at home crying about life.... 
siting thinking and really hating boyz right now 
Siting, Waiting, Wishing, Hoping... 
sitn up n precal...lost as hell.. 
Should've gone for angels &amp; demons 
Should've gone to Nikki Payne   If you ever get the chance to see her JUST GO!!  Super funny &amp; one of the nicest people I've met as well!
should've never told her she wants ducks 
Should've of been on vacations this week!!!  Couldn't go! That's ok...God has control of everything!
Shouldve taken train....been waitin on bus for 20 min 
Shout out to 93.9 yet AGAIN!!!!!!! Playing Killin' Me Softly! I don't have da energy 4 dis!!! This is radio that I used 2 b married 2!!!! 
Shout out to Mioshi in KC, you just popped in my mind, you old club head you! 
Shout out to my moms for wakin me up so prematurely! Preciate it 
Shout out to my sister for ruining dads bday breakfast by wasting an hour to get dressed  now he's pissed and I'm hungry!
The weekends are here.. I still feel crappy. 
the weekends go to quick 
the weekly Tuesday night bike ride in the bush with your mates is all fun and games until someone falls off and goes to hospital....  
The weird animal that makes that weird noise isn't outside my window tonight  I hope it's okay! [/dork]
The wheater is  Just 2 more weeks! And then i will be 21  Finally ;) haha
the whole Air France thing reminds me abit in LOST...is that wrong? My heart goes out to all the poor victims families  xo
The whole family is finally asleep and here I am wide awake 
the whole house smells of ham! i feel so clean and almost reached my goal but then realised i cant read  also my face is beaming :|:|
the whole season 1 of trueblood is gone off ondemand, except episodes 10-12 
the whole thing about Mike Tyson's daughter is very sad 
the wicked witch is back 
The wierdest thing!!!! idk how a baby bird got in the house then got attacked by my dog!!! 
the wind blows my fears away 
The wind here is crazy. Still no internet service and jacks bday is tomorrow 
The wind is almost gone. Speed: 1.4 knots, windspeed: almost zero  http://twitpic.com/4eaan
the wind makes scary noises 
The wind stole my wish 
The winner takes it all 
The Wire, S04 e12 - the show just keeps getting darker and darker... 
The wonders of coding; Change nothing, and suddenly nothing works! Somebody must have changed something when I wasn't looking.. 
Sittin at britlees  watchin the boy in the stripped pajamas... Its so sad 
Sittin at home about to watch tv and hang out w my hubby...wish my mom and Ed weren't on their way here 
sittin' at home alone...Ray went on a death call 
sittin at home bored  and exhausted cuz my kids keep me on my feet!!!
Sittin at home bored cause its rainin 
sittin at home realy bored..missing my baby  love him sooo much xxx
sittin at home, hoping for a job to call me back. 
Sittin at home...really wish I was goin camping but no dice!  That is so lame!!
sittin at the hair salon,watching some lady get her feet done 
sittin at work sooo bored and ready to go! 7 hours left 
sittin here bored  lol but goin to club halo 2morrow and but until then im cleanin my room... BORING ASS TERRE HAUTE FOR YA LOL
Sittin here bored ass shit at wrk.... ma tummy is hurtin so bad 
Sittin here eatin lunch alone! Wish I had a lunch date!!  poor me lol
sittin here eatin strawberries bored as hell 
Sittin Here Pissed Becuz @SongzYuuup &quot;Genesis&quot; Won't Download for Me &amp; I've Been Waiting ALL DAY!!! 
Sittin' in an airport on Friday night!!!  It rained at Miami Beach today. Sad times....
Sittin in church thinkin bout layin out wit natalie later... wishin i was with @AndyR3w more than anything 
Sittin' in Friday afternoon traffic 
Sittin in Shool, and wating for my marks  BAD MOOD! &lt;
Sittin in the airport with the bg's.  can't wait 2 get home!
sittin in the breakroom eattin a meatball sub and waiting to curl back up in bed for a looooong sleep.  i hates being sick.    boo!
shouts SHIT! i'm stomachache  http://plurk.com/p/12ob53
Shouwering after a 15K cycling tour in the rain 
Shoving throat tablets and medicine down my throat  bad times.
Show done for another week  Wish it was everyday .... well ... you never know ... maybe one day! Thanks for listening everyone!
show finished i soo tieredd 
Show got cancelled halfway through due to high winds. Oh well 
SHOW IN OMAHA TODAY!  never made the tour page.   but it's happening.
show is over 
Show last night was amazing, gonna miss everyone though!  i love you! Sooo tired.
Show last night was great! Best preformance! So sad it's over 
sittin in the bus stop with a foot that hurts like hell yay me 
Sittin In The House Not Feelin Good 
Sittin in the passanger seat lookin at the dark road ahead of us has me thinking way 2 tooooo much...im pretty sad right now 
sittin in work is total poo..cant deny it..its probably d most sunshine ireland is gonna see all year and im missin it... 
Sittin on a train platform waitin for a train. Quite possibly hav just failed another test 
sittin on d bed about 2 fall asleep 
sittin on the couch not feelin so great 
sittin outside supposed to get thunderstorms today 
sittin' waitin' wishin' 
sittin watching big brother thinking about that very special person in my life that im missing very much 
Sittin...BORED...watching the cLock NOT move   I wish I was off already!!
Sitting @home and studing microÃ¶konomic/mathe  *nerved*
Sitting about to commence the afternoons sessions.  Last night was a late night out at bars etc. Feeling it today 
Sitting alone in the waiting room outside the ICU at the hospital. 
sitting alone on bebo. sadly no-one has commented me. 
sitting and chilling, very bored and kinda tired 
Sitting and drawing for the first time in a few days. Weird. Comf's Grandma is also going a little crazy since she's got Alzheimer's 
Sitting and home and thinking what to do. 
Sitting and waiting for my car getting a repair... 
sitting around doing fuck all....tired 
sitting around fighting binge urges.... so... much.... leftover pizza pizza...  queue anxiety
sitting around outside during my break at work 'cause me car is broken 
sitting around waiting for him to sneak over. I miss him so much 
The word limit is frustrating me 
The work day is almost over. I dislike Mondays 
the work is still not done, so the day is still not done 
The World According to Eggface http://tinyurl.com/a78ors Today's Blog: Greek Tortilla Pizza &amp; RIP  â˜¾Goodnight Twitterverseâ˜¾
the world is Crazy  #Azadi
The world is stupid!!  Everything today is!!!  
The world lost another icon. Rest in Peace Ms. Farrah Fawcett. You will be missed greatly  God bless you
the World of Warcraft is calling me.... must wait for Tim though 
The world shall be a much duller place when BGT's over. 
The Worlds Not Getting Smaller, There Are Just Less Things In It x 
The worse realization is knowing thats it's not allergies and you really are sick 
the worst part about being sick is being alone. and there are only two good ways to spend time alone...and i don't have video games 
The worst part about having a cold is how quickly and how much I start to miss dairy. 
The worst part of my bday... The end. 
the worst part of not having a car this week especially is missing the status on wednesday 
The worst thing about Monday mornings is having to boot Windows XP at work, after a weekend of OS/X and Linux goodness 
The worst thing about the summer is hayfever 
The worst thing in Plants that you are doing Loop Check ,  loop checks 
The wrost thing about getting sick is that I (or you) can't go shopping or play sports outside. I feel like swimming and playing soccer 
The XBox broke, and 4 months after warranty too.  Another one has taken it's place but it's still sad 
The Yankees were rained out 2nite...that sucks...no game 2nite 2 watch.. 
The youtube/push debug has delayed ultrasn0w tweaking..will be working on it thru the weekend. I definitely stink at ETAs 
the zigzap shoes are gone  shouldve got them when i first seen them, those were tru MIA shoes
The zip is broken on my wallet. I need a new one. Ferrari don't sell that type any more though 
sitting around, nooothing going on 
Sitting at &quot;the table&quot; By myself, waiting for it to be 9:15 so i can go to class. So sad. 
Sitting at a body shop waiting to get my car assessed.Was hit in Target's parking lot. 
sitting at a computer during my 3rd period spare, kinda bored and really really behind in her Photography portfolio. 
Sitting at a curb at wawa having hazlenut coffee and two donuts. Left work 15 mins ago and it's now 4am 
Sitting at a lake. Bored to death. Family wanted to go fishing. No bites. 
Sitting at a red light being a bad late friend 
Sitting at an open house for a burien condo. Nobody through for the past 90 minutes.   
Sitting at bajio. There's a dead bird right outside the window 
Sitting at chick-fil-a bored. Left my headphones at home. 
sitting at college doing course work 
Sitting at computer and kinda bored doing a bit of science case study 
Sitting at DIA and DON'T want to leave. 
sitting at her parents place bored shitless afta a crap nite out clubbing for her bday on mon 
Sitting at home all alone    just practised some soccer juggling
sitting at home all alone with a sprained and bruised foot ... why is my life so happening in all the wrong ways 
sitting at home and eating ice-cream. No movie today 
Sitting at home and needing to get some sleep long weekend of working 
Sitting at home coz of food poisoning, 
sitting at home fighting the urge to break down.  feeling as though i am walking through life alone and lifeless
sitting at home hungover as  i am so tired
sitting at home just chilling back to work tomorrow 
sitting at home on a BEAUTIFUL Sunday, studying for Limnology and Freshwater Biology ... oh, the life of a bio sci student 
Sitting at home really tired n have to close tonight 
sitting at home sick 
sitting at home still anoyed that i carnt go back to work after my injury for atleast another two monts 
sitting at home today trying to figure out what to do with things goin on with my daughters     wish i could make everything all better
Sitting at home wishin I was In Ga. with my little sister &amp; brother in law 
Show over..ended bout 15 mins ago.    awesome show!! No step 5!  Chance, Vega and Elijah at the end
show show show...WAS TOTALLY AMAZING! wish i had more money 
Show support for democracy in Iran add green overlay to your Twitter avatar http://helpiranelection.com/  ...overlay not working for me 
Show tomorrow cancelled  on the bus watching get smart and heading back to Nashville
show tonight with THE PRESENT (nyc, producer of animal collective, panda bear, born ruffians) @ THEE PARKSIDE in SF. 8pm 21+ sorry 
Show tonight. Throat hurts 
show was amazing. so cold out now  hope I can give victoria my card and get my dvds back ;) ha
Show was awesome! Thank you guys soo much for coming out! Still pretty angry about my cologne, though. 
Show was great! Though the set was too short.  But in sad news, my cheesecake got water in it from the water bath, might be ruined/soggy 
Show went well, I'm so seeeepy... I miss Ivy so much.  Back to NoVa with the Swedes tomorrow for the week!
Show? What show? Procrastination wins again.. 
showa time!  no fun without weed 
Showd up a little late to the palais,got seats in the gods  good view of the Grand Theatre Lumiï¿½re tho  http://twitpic.com/5f3a6
showdown's over but nothing is accomplished 
Showed up to a wedding an hour early. That was fun. 
Shower &amp; then baysitting I miss marisa  &amp; omg kayla! I dont know how ive survived w/o u boo ski! 
Sitting at home wishing there was nice summer sun out side. GOSH! 
sitting at home with a bruised leg  why is my life so happening in all the wrong ways 
sitting at home with a screwed up  back 
Sitting at home with a very sore knee unfortunately. 
Sitting at home with my sick kinder graduate 
Sitting at home, don't feel as bad. Maybe the tylenol kicked in! BUT it still hurts to talk 
Sitting at home, going to work in the morning  @ Dakota Ridge Apartments http://loopt.us/uUB-DQ.t
sitting at home, sick 
sitting at home, SUPER bored 
Sitting at home. Don't feel well and can't sleep 
Sitting at home. Wondering where the HELL is my new camera? and wishing my buddy gets better very soon 
sitting at home.. bored as usual..   
Sitting at home... Wishing my friends would hang out with me 
sitting at home...annoyed..ugh 
sitting at homeand watching TV........... 
sitting at my baby cousin's party, being antisocial. I want go home... 
Sitting at my computer hitting Check For Updates on iTunes 3.0 should be here soon 
sitting at my desk &amp; having to wear sunglasses to see my screen because it's too sodding bright  look like a total numpty!
Sitting at my desk at work wishing I was home taking care of my very sick husband. 
Sitting at my desk working... 
sitting at my house after studying all day... tiny bit bored 
sitting at my house being realll bored!!!1 
Sitting at my mom's shop bored yet again!! 
sitting at my sister's house checking on email, won't have electricity when I get home until tomorrow, got disconnected 
Sitting at my yard sale made 11 hubs spent 12.50  l o l
sitting at school just doing some articles because i acedntly failed biology 
sitting at school scared for this silly test 
sitting at sfo, no wifi, phone doesn't tether 
Sitting at starbucks because Zac ferrell will not wake up  at least I got to read the book of Nahum! http://yfrog.com/5d8g0j
Sitting at the bus stop with Kaylani. I think we missed our bus 
Sitting at the computer... I should study...  But I'm not right now, because I'm procrastinating again! XD
shower dress then work ugh.     soo not excited
shower is currently cold 
Shower or breakfast first? Hm morning dilema. Bugger it's wheelie bin day, forgot to roll out the wagon 
Shower pump has failed.   Good job I'd ordered a replacement. Know what I'm going to be doing tomorrow.
shower then back to school 
-shower then bed; still not feelinq well!!! ii've been miserable 
Shower then family party. Glad its still nice out! Oh and I miss Olive so much 
shower then sleep. i tweeted a lot today. sorry 
shower then starting up global and english essays 
Shower then work. Still don't feel too good. lol. 
Shower time is fun. Yay. Drivers training today 
Shower time! I hate Lathrop!! 
Shower time, looks like another day stuck in the house, and Ruths staying at Helen's. Gonna be well bored 
shower time. then a movie maybe? missing @livvylu8 at a time like this 
Shower today = most painful experience ever! 
shower, hair and make up, tori's coming, then wake  rip&lt;3
shower, pizza, party  i wish at the same time 
Sitting at the denver airport..missing vegas already 
Sitting at the doctors. My poor babys eyes are almost swollen shut 
Sitting at the house waiting for the family to get back so we can start this fucked up family vacation  arent i too old for this?
Sitting at the Kahului airport.. don't wanna come home yet.  eeeehhhh
Sitting at the party. Bored waiting for kids to get here  text me...... Nmg &lt;3
Sitting at WayFM volunteering woohoo... Going to the doctor  and then to work later... I am busy busy busy!
Sitting at work - wishing i was out in the sunshine!!!! 
sitting at work and looking at the BIG sun outside..  wanna go out and play :p
Sitting at work being bored wishes she didn't work from 8am-11pm 
sitting at work being bored.  I'm all alone 
sitting at work bored as hell....i hate my job : sitting at work bored as hell....i hate my job  http://tinyurl.com/o9zljy
sitting at work bored bored bored and extremely tired !  happy fathers day to my daddy ! (:
Sitting at work for my last time 
sitting at work really quite bored again also have the beginnings of a headache! 
sitting at work trying to figure out how to motivate my son...I wonder if it's too late 
Sitting at work when I should be on my way to SC 
Sitting at work wishing I was outside 
Sitting at work wishing I was still on vacation. I had the whole month of March off and I had to come back to work. 
Sitting at work, blah today is going to take forever to be over 
sitting at work, I keep telling myself 30 more minutes, in hopes it will make time go by faster... not so much  Entertain me?
Sitting at work, ready to go home. 
Sitting at work, waiting for backup to get here &amp; take over my shift. We all knew this would happen. I miss enjoying my job 
sitting at wrk  finished at 3.30 til mon 4 a local hol. ye ha!!!
Sitting at Yankee stadium.. The rain isn't letting up 
Sitting by his side as he falls asleep... Its happy but i'm worried for him 
Sitting by the beach at northwestern checking my email! No phone calls about jobs yet.... 
Sitting by the pool (at my dad's) playing around on my new operating system. Linux:Ubuntu. I love it.. no itunes though... 
The zoo was fun today, but I miss the clouded leopards 
The zutons got nothing from valerie. Nothing. All cause of that scrawny drugged up bitch. Even their 3rd album was poor 
TheFragile6426 i sowwy  i was talkin to ya there for awhile but got no replies  THE[*pebbles*]
TheHitList chat room is STILL crashed. looks like we cant talkk 2 SS 2nite after all 
their are alot of deaths around here.  http://tinyurl.com/qwar36
Their is no party! + i would b the party pooper 
Their van broke? shiiit... 
theirs a hole in my foot. Ouch.  http://twitpic.com/6qlmy
thelw macbook kainourgio 
them cookies i made came out well. ugh i'm full 
Theme: Schizocoel and pseudocoel Triblastics. 
Then a rape dream!!! Wow!!! Those both were no bueno! First my bro has a death dream about me and then I have one a week later! 
Then again mebbe not. I can't get to sleep 
then again, everything's frm Allah. syukur w wat i haf. i never mean it, seriously  i just emo-ed. dont bother.
Then again, I could just Blog and Philosophise all day...but I doubt the parents would allow it... 
Then clean and off to a funeral 
Shower, then work in 20 minutes... Ugh. 
SHOWER. God, how do I mix &quot;crystal&quot; up with twitter? xD I'm dumb. 
Shower. Visiting the Toccos. Relaxing. Back to work tonight 
shower/smoke/no time for razzle dazzle 
Showered and about to watch American Idol....can't believe this season is done next week. 
showered and ready for bed. Mondays are the worst 
Showered now,just gunna get dressed and rough dry hair before getting some toast cos I am STARVING.Hate it cos painter is outside my room 
showered, shaved and shampooed - ready for action!  Still a few hours away though 
showeriiiing, then ortho, then work 7-close.  blahhhh.
Showering getting dressed and of to school 
Showering is so painful 
showering! jennas later, then woods for the morning, and studying with dawn later! math exam tomorrow 
Showerrrr time!!!! Still hungry tho 
Showers are so painful. They make me cry. 
showertime dizzy issues. no sixthform for me. 
Showertime. I really need to get on a regular schedule.  Woke up at 17:30 or so again.
Shows are officially over. Had the time of my life. Didn't meet Sebastien...  but he saw me and I got his water bottle and a set list.
Show's cancelled for today....rain  Rescheduled for Sunday the 21st, 1-3 at Brit's. See you there!!!
Shows how bad IOC (a public company) is managed; no one questioned these costs internally; really bad  http://tr.im/pdvS
Shre or however you spell his name ruined up for me :\ Charlotte was gonna ring me from mcfly and my phone broke 
then dinner with min and rosie and brokeback mountain which was an awful movie.
then find out twitter will be down tonight...missed all the playoff foolishness, missed the 1st game of the finals foolishness...poor me 
Then got a nosebleed 
Then I came back after being on the piss and my date in Dublin has now told me hes seeing someone. I am deverstated. 
Then I ruined a perfectly delicious green smoothie by throwing in the last of a bag of frozen strawberries.  Freezer burn.. yum... 
then i stepped on it and broke it  dw i will fix it
then i went to a &quot;june party&quot; OO' from my old school and cried a looot bcause i saw all of my old friends and teachers  it was awesome!
then i wudnt b the cute short girl  @PhazeII# whatif everyone's body type was built exactly the same
Then in the next breath she tells me my face is sqidgy........but she loves me anyway! I can't win 
then it is no fun anymore 
Then its time for me to buy the MacBook Pro 13&quot; I guess? Nice move apple with the safari 4.0.1 update 
then malcolms coming in a few minutes  KILLLLLLLme. he's annoying. but yeah,food.bye.
then panicking cos i thought it'll be stuck in my eye forever OMG AM SO SO TRAUMATISED NOW 
Then the major motherfuckin fail was MY DAMN POWER BEING OUT. We didn't even have a tornado and a bitch doesn't have lights! FML. 
then went in and changed my password for real, but got blocked because of too many failed attempts to log in to my twitter site.  ugh..  
Then your heart gets broken in a milli-second! 
then, there was.  my soul is never at peace.
theoretically every thing should go smooth now   i'am not the optimistic
Shreveport this week for 311, NOLA next week for Wills wedding...ahhh, time away from manager mode!  now off to manager mode 
Shrimp on a stick, mini tacos, gorditas, funnel cakes and everything else I can't have at the Houston St. Fair 
shucks i put a lot of things into the calendar shucks shucks i need those things back !!  my calendar !! Oh freak .. I CAN'T SURVIVE 
shud i cut it short? really short? pixie short?? 
shud realy go 2 bed  proper tired bt cnt b boverd...x
Shud we still tune in and watch this and enrich the organisers with TRPs???? So what if India is painted in a poor light!!!!! 
shugar. just burnt myself with the straightners  xx
shut down again...sadness 
shut I lost my keys 
Shut it down @summerjam614 last night....had a blast!!! I think I drank too much pinot grigio!!! 
shut off brain, please, just shut off.  i have a love affair with sleep, but she's a fickle mistress and only comes to me when SHE wants 
Shut off my alarm and didn't get up to walk!  
Shut up 
Shut up bad thoughts. I won't let you win 
SHUT UP FAGGOTS UPSTAIRS WHY DO YOU PLAY DRUMS 24/7 AND BUILD THINGS SO LOUDLY AND STEAL OUR HOT WATER ARGH ARGH 
Shut up i have those valley center girls. 
Shut up kaci! It was my gayy ass phone bein a bitch and not spellin shit right 
Shut up, stomach! 
SHUT UP. Please.. 
Shut your face darren!  yes I did
shut-down #twhirl 
Shutting my computer off and then turning it back on in hopes of aim working so that @shakeandsigh will not hate me 
sitting down doing nothing after being stuck in the house for 4days i had all intentions of doing something but it never works out 
sitting her @ the courthouse waiting on jury duty check-in 
sitting her relaxing and enjoying hearing the rain hit the window..flooding outside, so i can't go to shop 
sitting here at home... wishing i were still in missouri 
Sitting here at the kitchen table - wishing this was a household of 3 instead of 2  I'm sad and lonely...
sitting here babysitting. not having any fun cause no ones on 
Sitting here being bored isn't fun 
sitting here board, waiting for hubby to come home 
sitting here by myself...doing something, beside my phone..waiting 
Sitting here crying.. I don't cry.. because crying don't solve anything yo..      
sitting here drinking alone and waiting for hubby to get home.. Nothing very interesting 
Sitting here eating chicken noodle soup. Have to get ready for work in like 15 mins . And now I work tomorrow 9 to 4 
Sitting here feeling slightly lonely ...    But talking to @SuperDuperShort !!   &lt;3
sitting here in agony atm, my stomach hurts, boo hoo 
sitting here playing NBA 2K9 all by myself...now how boring could that be 
Sitting here playing with Final Cut Express and wishing I was at WordCamp 
Sitting here pondering spoilers. DO NOT WANT! Not sure I can avoid them this round.  Didn't know WTF Twitter was back then.
Sitting here sick as a dog,  oh well, what can you do?
Sitting here stuck @ work wanna watch the game   'Shawn'
Sitting here trying to figure out left from right with my life 
sitting here waiting for my boyfriend to get home 
Theory test today. Perhaps i should have practiced 
THER WOULDNT BE A SWINE FLU IF WE TRESTED THE PIGS BETTER 
therapyyy, againnn 
There are 3 things on my mind that I want to buy.  One is about $2,000. One is about $1,100, and one is about $1,000. I only have $2,000. 
There are 5 couples ok the bus I'm riding and they're all tired and asleep with their next to each other. 
There are 6 people coming to my birthday dinner...I wish I could add 5 more people to that list 
There are a lot of books I would be giddy to see Jerome Opena working his magic on at Marvel; Moon Knight isn't one of them 
There are a lot of things that could happen on yer first day of school, one of which is... getting wounds on yer feet 
There are ants crawling around in my room. 
there are better ones right  http://bit.ly/B8GBk
There are bugs attacking my laptop 
There are certain songs I wish I could unlisten to. - tranquilize: Me too  http://tumblr.com/xyl23icf4
There are clouds upcoming after two days of sun 
There are gnats in my house. How do I get rid of them? 
there are helicopters and cops everywhere***around my neighborhood. rumors of robbers lately...scary  
There are lesbians on Jeremy Kyle.I'm extra excited..I can't wait to find out what happens.It doesn't look like it will be scandalous tho 
There are loads of weird men in my house, make them leave! 
There are many thoughts around Mobile and Google for Local Advertising but yet anything concrete  anyone interested to share thoughts?
There are Nerds all over my bed. And not the human kind. Sigh. 
There are no appointments left for the day so they're trying to work me in. almost an hour for a stuck freaking power button FML 
There are no good articles about how to override an admin controller in Magento 
There are no mac compatible voip phones to be bought anywhere in Melbourne 
There are no male nurses here  #squarespace
there are no more spoons at work so i have to eat my yogurt with a fork.  
Shutting off my phone i guess cuz its too distracting and tempting when i needa memorize bio. 
Shuttle Endeavour launch has been scrubbed because of another hydrogen leak 
shuttle launch was scrubbed 
Shuttle Launch was scrubed!  solution later! :]
Shuttle took me to the wrong hotel. The right hotel weren't expecting me till tomorrow. And we lost the footie too 
Shuttle was canceled 
Shuttle will launch no earlier than July 11th.  The quick disconnect was leaking again. Another month till my satellite flies... 
Shutup college. I know my exams in a months time  no need to remind me 
shuuut up  stupid.
Shy has been sick  Arnica 30 today and made his fever rise a bit... keeping an eye on his temp - hope his imm sys kills them bugs fast!
si crees que esto no estÃ¡ doliendo, you're wrong.. it hurts... too much... 
sian beloo (my dear cat) kaki dia terbakar 
sian. I just reached home. And there is work tomorrow 
sianz... what's with 9pm SGT conference chats... very not happening 
Sick   &amp;   Tired        I have to study French &amp; Germany......... I don't like it ...so :p
Sick   drinking hot tea and watching sex and the city.
sick   laying here with her boo for the night.
Sick   SOmeone make me feel better please...
Sick  . . . Feeling like this may be the longest car ride ever!
sick  || Birthday in 20 Days || gonnamisslillybelle
Sick  AGAIN . I want my baby here
Sick  again...
sick  and its raining? just my luck.
sick  at work but leaving early I think...fucking summer colds.
Sick  back to bed.
Sick  blah. Lots of house and crosswords.
sick  but i have so much work to dooo
sick  but jB makes it better 
Sick  But on my way to school anyway... three days till I graduate as a teacher!!! yay!!
sick  but on the plus side no school for me todayyy
sick  can't wait to go back to my room and sleeeeep.
Sick  cough cough sniff sniff... Yuck. Chillin at home tonight  but watching he's just not into you 
Sick  Don't worry people its not swine flu i made sure of it.
sick  going home as soon as my daddy comes back from the dmv and pick me up @ work
Sick  got the sniffles .. drinking lots of tea and soup to regain energy for tomorrows recording! its gunna be a banger!
Sick  I might have Influenza AH1N1 
there are no QI tickets left  ...GUTTED!!!
There are not enough words to say how much I'm NOT looking forward to taking Mom to the MVA this morning. 
there are now 30 confirmed cases of AH1N1 in the philippines 
There are now twenty-one cases of A(H1N1) in the Philippines  - authenticprincess: Ditto. So letâ€™s load up... http://tumblr.com/xkn1xhewr
There are officially no Titanic survivors left. 
There are people who I want to help, but I feel so helpless 
There are people working on the phones in my street so i still have no internet 
There are shots being fired in the 'hood. I live in a horrid part of town 
there are so many red carpet events in DC this week....I hope it doesn't rain for tonite 
There are so many tests in school 
There are so many things that I want.. but I credit card I have to pay off!! 
There are so many times I want to open my own customer service company. Why does customer service suck so much??!  Trigger: Tata Sky
there are some really scary noises coming from outside 
there are these kool disney bedroom designs at spotlight, i want my room to be DISNEY design 
There are times when the UK feels really close. Then there are times, like 24th June, when it is bitterly far away. 
There are too many annoying commercials on MTV Jams..... Ruins my morning groove... 
there are too many boxes to go through...  I'm exhausted just looking at them. 
There are TOO many bugs 
There are too many things I wanna buuyyyy 
there are TWO rainbows outside but must say camera battery for my 365 in the meatroom tonight. stupid me didn't charge it last night 
there are/were so many OH tonight, but i can't post them. that is such a fail 
There aren't any baby ducks at Mirror Lake 
There goes my diet @sweetcakesbakes The herb knots, asiago biscuits, and cinnamon pecan rolls will only add to my weight 
there goes my nice plan... no more sun... 
Sick  I need someone to come baby me
sick  i sedem to b sik all the time now grr
sick  laying around till basketball
SICK  life is unfair, LISTening 2 the Lily Allen (sharer of my surname)
sick  lying on the couch watching sesame street. hahaa
Sick  missing the big Odessa dance.. Hope Leanne, Ang &amp; Mom are having a blast.. GO PENS!
sick  need some soup
sick  not feeling good at all....
Sick  Running nose, congested!
sick  running out of tissues o noes ;O
Sick  Sitting on the sofa watching australias next top model and drinking chicken and leek soup 
sick  studying 4 science, went to the doc, he gave me these gross tablets lol
Sick  That's 40 quid a day I can ill afford to write off  &quot;no stay, no pay&quot;
Sick  what to do for break. Ugh
sick &amp; super tired (I had nightmares all night about a client!)   Maybe I'll catch up on some work from bed this afternoon
sick &amp; tired of being stuck indoors all day coz of the local council coming to do my kitchen 
Sick &amp; wish I wasn't leaving 4 vegas till tues!!!  
Sick ... Again. Need to stay in bed. How I hate such weekends 
sick .... not a great feeling 
sick ...and giant accounting test at 6 
Sick 2 death of relationship back firing   I know i screw up alot but seriously this is really hard...u shud have said u couldnt cope
Sick again   cannot afford to be sick this week.
Sick again  and now late for meeting on transitional neuroscience research
sick again  and screwed for my midterm
sick again - bed, Pilot (doing a favor), then school - hopefully I figure out what's going on soon 
sick again... eww! 
sick all day yesterday with the flume  so upsetting. watching pretty in pink right now to recover. this movie hurts me.
Sick and can't do shit. Fever and colds. 
sick and drinking hot tea 
sick and in bed.  How incredibly lame.
Sick and Sad... buu! 
Sick and still working, I am miserable... 
Sick and stuck at work. 
sick and tired or just plain tired don't fuckin care at this point.. 
Sick and watching Dr. House whole day long since 4 days... I want to be able to play again... 
Sick as a dog in London. Some sort of throat infection.  can't eat or talk but trying to force myself to drink hot fluids.
sick as a dog, hackin my lungs up 
Sick as a dog.. Or maybe swine..  have to study.
Sick as a freakin dog 
Sick as a mofo  Maybe if I go out I'll feel better? Or maybe a Pens win tonight will make me feel better? 
Sick as heck  my tummy hurts
Sick as I have ever been, stuck in a hotel room with a bum laptop and no internet.  This is what nightmares are made of 
sick as shit 
Sick as shit today 
Sick as shit.  I really want to drink some water. :/
Sick assss can be and miserable. 
sick at home 
Sick at home  wishing I was at Church.
sick at home w/ the flu.  Boss gave me no option, so have 2 go in2 work 2night cause everyone else is sick &amp; I dont sound as bad. WTF??
Sick at home with a miserable sinus infection and drained of any energy 
sick at home! 
sick at home. 
sick at home. The mediciation is giving me shaky hands... 
sick at home... urgh... 
sick at six flags  not fun.. its so hot.
Sick at work 
sick baby duty again 
sick baby..I feel so bad for her 
sick cant go 2 track meet 
Sick child has finally gone to sleep (well 30 mins ago). Poor little thing didn't look (or sound) at all happy 
Sick day  What's goin 'round around here?
Sick for five days and seemingly getting worse. This really sucks. 
Sick for the long weekend 
sick from sushi 
sick in bed  at least i have sammy to take care of me
Sick in bed.  Drinking Quench and eating jello... Bleh.  Secret Life marathon...
sick in bed. Gonna have to cancel soccer this weekend.  
Sick in bed. Googled 'snot'. Still don't understand why it's decided to take up April lodgings in my skull. 
Sick in bed..this is where I'll be all day 
Sick in the worst way 
sick kid and sore knee 
Sick kids at home again 
Sick like a dog or should I say piggie 
sick like crazy 
Sick like fudgecake.  
Sick n it's way too hot outside. Yucky night last night: sick &amp; the pens game was horrible 
Sick of all this June Gloom.   When is the nice weather coming in?
Sick of been in the middle of my parents figths, they keep blaming each other and my trip is forgotten every time 
sick of being stuck in the house... i feel as if im in prison and i can not escape 
sick of being too shy 
Sick of China blocking youtube 
sick of college and writing all these assignments  need cheering up lol
Sick of coughing 
sick of having a broken foot 
SICK OF INDIANA WEATHER!! 
sick of job hunting!!! 
Sick of john getting the crap end of the stick 
sick of monsoon weather 
sick of my job...sick of alot of things 
sick of reading about everyones awesome weekends on facebook. i want an awesome weekend 
sick of rude people and feeling like an idiot for no reason, and I still miss my sisters like ridiculous 
SIck of schoooolll   , just want summmerr here now!
Sick of seeing &quot;there are unfortunately no positions allowing for no previous industry experience&quot; now 
Sick of sleeping, and horrible dreams. 
sick of the taste of water.. BRRR cold!  on kirsties new macbook in bed! 
Sitting here waiting for the class to start... Not happy at all 
Sitting here waiting to leave........phone having issues!   Having the urge to IM
sitting here wanting to talk to my dork.  sucks not being able to.    i miss my dork.  come back soon buddy
Sitting here watching &quot;stomp the yard&quot; chris brown just died 
Sitting here watching all the BOB strollers come by makes me miss my son. Have not seen him in 36 hours. 
sitting here watching princess bride alone. Ima have a lonely day today I know it 
sitting here wishing i was back to saturday and the concert  
sitting here with 2 of my best friends katie and kristen we are very bored! 
sitting here with Alyssa a.k.a. the blowfish lol. She just had all four of her wisdom teeth out 
sitting here with bria. she is computer illiterate  its kinda sad. well, she's kinda sad in general
Sitting here with my almost 3 yr old son. He still feels like a squishy soft baby but I know he won't for much longer. 
sitting here with my rabbit who looks like a spaceman. he has the bowl collar thing around his head 
Sitting here, pissed off because im working 24 hours on a (pretty) saturday...... damnit 
Sitting here, waiting to go to the gym.....almost left, then realized I never charged my iPod from my trip to Wisconsin....it's dead 
Sitting here,being supposed to do my studies and thinking of a brother who is on his holliday-marathon again.Wana see the Caribbean too! 
Sitting here... so confused.. so so confused.. too many choices, time to make big decisions 
sitting home taking care of a sick nephew  wish i could have gone seen my friend's band tonight
Sitting home... always contemplating... hoping i don't see him  wouldn't stand it!
Sitting in &quot;Fizzy Kids&quot; whilst kids run about for an hour or so. Is reading Beginning Python in a place like this OK? No yummy mummies 
Sitting in a car while my brother is at his friends house 
sitting in a catholic church for my brothers first communion.. not my cup of tea.. i miss my church 
Sitting in a day long class.. No computer.. Sadness 
Sitting in a doctors office 
sitting in a hospital room with grandpa 
Sitting in a hostel and waiting for my dinner. I'm scared and starving 
There goes my one shot at earning all achievements for a round! So bummed 
There goes my weekends...  But good thing is, will be meeting up with my college friends thing week! Yay!!
there goes the bell  Right I'm off for now, shall tweet y'all later after choir, no net in music block so text me if you need me
There goes the sun, do-do-do-do 
there has to be more to life than this 
There HAS to be something I can do... I feel so powerless 
There have only been 3 days in june it has not rained i miss the sun 
There honeydew slush has more of a slurpee consistency. Not to great... 
There i sed it!!!! i dont feel selfish now 
There is a bunch of ants. 
There is a dead cat on my back patio. Im sad. 
There is a Documentation Broadcast with a man who has got tourettes..hmm its strange, im really sorry for this people...realy poor people 
There is a fierce black woman in my house. She sounds amazing but i'm so tired 
There is a giant ass..let's just call it an insect with like inch long skinny legs and it flies. I'm freaking out. I hate bugs 
There is a green folder on my desk.  I just tried to walk into it 
there is a heat blister or a cold sore on my lip; its sore 
There is a higher cop-to-donut ratio today, so there aren't any left for us 
There is a leak in the gym from the recent weather. Way to go #NYSC http://twitpic.com/4f2e7 
There is a little injured bird who can't fly and there's nothing I can do 
there is a massive fly in the hallway! Its going to eat me! ahhh! 
there is a new security update to android 1.5 delivered in Germany. dunno if it's worldwide 
there is a red bump on my nose, pretty sure its gonna turn into a zit!! EW! It hurts too 
There is a special report going in on my bloody Y&amp;R! As much as I love your president America, i'd like to watch my show 
There is a thunderstorm inside my stomach 
There is a time for departure even when there's no certain place to go. 
there is absolutely nothing to eat in my house... epic fail 
There is actually nothing on t.v  but im not tired enough to sleep!
There is ALWAYS one JOYKILL in the crowd!    haters!
There is an Elvis impersonator singing at the Market downtown today.  If only I had known before I took my lunch hour... 
There is an urgent need to switch the fan on!  The tropical equatorial climate is killing me...TTSH is indeed taking measures against H1N1
there is currently a 250 lb. shitfaced football player crashing around down the hall. good thing its fucking 5:34 am. I want sleep...  ugh
There is hope on the (Playwrights) Horizon, but still no place to lay my head at night 
There is KFC in the kitchen. The activist inside me is crying. 
There is never anyone awake in Oklahoma when I can talk 
there is no air circulation. i'm melting.  and the icecream did too
There is no excuse for David Letterman, that was not a sincere apology to Palin or young women of the world. He is ALL about his ratings 
there is no food in my house.  i have work way way later too i hate closing shifts. boooo starbucks.
there is no god, AGF scored now 
There is no good place to grab a quick healthy lunch in downtown Golden. Looks like it may be Safeway 
there is no kraft dinner  how can this be?
there is no one in the office today.  i'm lonely. i don't like it. at all
there is no point in going home sick today since i have to babysit after school anyways. Ugh. My throat hurts. 
there is no reason this should be causing a pysical reaction in my body. i'm sick with worry. worrying about him... 
there is no single decision that i am fully content   giving up one and get another...
There is no Skype app on gPhone! 
There is no sleeping in when you hear the sound of a kitty puking. 
there is no such thing as fairy tales, I tried that once and it backfired on me 
there is no summer in this city 
there is no sun anymore 
there is no sun today.... 
there is no warp command in inventor!!!!!!!!!! pathetic autodesk? 
there is not  a thing out there 
sitting in a penthouse apartment in dublin. its kind of fabulous but i miss the tiny comforts of clapham common. 
sitting in a the middle of a flooded field scoring for a softball game 
sitting in a traffic. my exit is only an half mile away and not movig anywhere 
sitting in an apartment in san francisco and wishing i was at home 
Sitting in bed feeling stupidly awake  i hate moments like these
Sitting in bed sooo sick  think I have the swine flu
Sitting in bed. Feeling emotionaly and physicaly crappy. I feel like crying 
sitting in bed..very ill 
Sitting in church, someone just got baptised. lol I wanna go back to sleeeeeep. 
sitting in class  woo boring
sitting in class ... 
sitting in class being bored. wishing i was wit my boo 
Sitting in dentist with son jack waiting for a filling 
Sitting in Denver airport. Everything is closed already and my flight is running late 
Sitting in Dublin airport. Flight delayed by an hour, 
sitting in English with Rosa super bored  txt iit!!!!
Sitting in envy, enjoying a couple of chilled drinks before we head off to the airport! Don't want to leave 
There is nothing like... waking up to your daughter climbing on you just to pee... thank god for diapers 
There is nothing on tv &amp; I can't sleep 
there is nothing on tv and im so desperate to be entertained im watching  Hi-5...how sad 
There is nothing on tv lately  or is there?
There is nothing on TV tonight. 
There is nothing on TV! I'm watching a show about a woman with giant legs!!! Might as well just go to bed 
there is nothing on tv. 
There is nothing to do in this s**t hole of a town!!!! 
there is nothing to eat up in this bitch!! hmm airport food in hour it is i guess 
there is NOTHING worse than an ill-fitting bra 
There is party @ my home... Ain't happy enough.. I want study,, 2morow have exam til saturday.. Uhg..bored 
There is pollen all over my car but it does NOT feel like spring. 
there is poor lost duck outside of Olive Garden. that makes me sad 
There is seriously a huge fly attacking me. I tried hiding under the covers, but got too hot, and now it followed me into the other room 
there is seriously a pattern going on with my previous necklaces breaking 
there is seriously some problem with my EARS 
There is some sort of bungee apparatus in front of my store. I so want to use it!  But kids only 
There is someone in Wichita who is sorely trying my anti-execution philosophy.  
There is something about med chem exams that makes me want to spill coffee all over my self. So much for my new white shirt 
there is something in my eye 
There is something missing in my bed tonight. 
There is something seriously wrong with my ear 
There is something specific i have a taste for but i dont know what 
There is something tapping on my window.. Im too afraid to look... 
There is something wrong with me! I'm so tired I can barely keep my eyes open. Yet all I've done for the last 3hrs is toss &amp; turn in bed 
There is something wrong with my notebook.. my webcam only works on youtube and facebook.. not on its own program and neither on MSN. 
Sitting in H.R nattering away,Miss ma bestie boyf already! 
Sitting in History with Nathan/Amanda/Todd. Where did Andrew go?? And I am angry at the rain, any other day except today please Mr. Rain 
Sitting in horror as I await the arrival of the doctor man... 
Sitting in house in Cambridge looking at the the rain pouring down  No fair kids &amp; I restless. Whats happened to the sun!!!???
Sitting in ICU with a suicide patient, bored to tears, wishing that I would have gotten a nap today!!  I think I may fall asleep!! Sh ...
Sitting in IGN Editorial War room -- stole Ferret's computer to Tweet. Delicious donuts available that I can't eat. Sad face  #E3
Sitting in IPAC and hating life. My license got suspended. 
Sitting in my apartment alone. I want company 
Sitting in my bed after watching an amazing fight card...but wishing that I could've gone out 
Sitting in my bed, eating chocolate, drinking an ocean water, watching &quot;he's just not that into you&quot; lovely. And depressing. I'm so gigi 
Sitting in my car in queens, in front of where my home used to be...the yard makes me sad, i miss the old days 
Sitting in my car Waiting for carl to pick me up for work.Im wondering Where a Went Wrong .I have lost the girl that ment so much to me! 
Sitting in my car, waiting for my mum to come home. I'm locked out 
Sitting in my course, no sign of the hot guy and now I have nothing to look at while the woman is talking uninteresting stuff. 
sitting in my dads car waiting for him to get done shopping for garden stuff. 
Sitting in my doctor's office. Preparing myself to be felt up for a throat infection 
sitting in my jammies nursing my sunburn 
Sitting in my office waiting for 5. Kids playing/yelling/crying in the office next door ... *looks @ clock* ... Only 8mins have passes 
sitting in my office...longing to be outside. 
Sitting in my pj's    not going to college coz' im sick  someone come over and have a cone haha
sitting in my room doing nothing because i cant make plans because my phone broke and my temp. phone has none of my contacts 
sitting in my room, i really dont want to leave everyone 
sitting in my room, ready for school. dont wanna go 
There is something wrong with my pic. It doesn't show here 
There is soup all over my pillow!  when in bed, one should not eat and read at the same time. lesson learned.
There is such a thing as too much fun..and I think I had it. 
There is three days left before exams 
there is too much to learn! 
There is white stuff falling from the sky 
there is work to be done tonight 
There isn't 
There it is That is soooo terribly sad! OMG.     I still can't wait to see my bestie!!!!! Can't tell you when though, @xoxtay !!
There just isn't pleasing some ppl.  truly sad but Ehh.
there might be more swine flu where i live -_- 
There moving my operation to next week  idk why
there must be atleast a hundred t-shirts I want to buy..  its not cool.
There must of been oregano in my dinner last night, my stomach ain't good, wish I could have some soya yoghurt this morning 
there my twitter is looking a bit better , now back to radio one and art coursework 
There needs to be more HOT single men at #beerandblog hot married guys =  #nofilterfriday
There powers out &amp; my flash battery is dead 
There r people I want to see n things to do while in town n not enough time. 
There really is nothing so sad as a love that simply fades away. sighhhhh   good night cruel world
There seems to be a problem with my 3rd ear piercing, it is strange...... 
there seems to be some issue with maps and ie. as usual  funnily it works in ie7 and not 8
There she goes... There she goes again... 
There she goes; we dropped Mum off at the airport and it seems she'll make the flight. Bye, Mum!   See you next time!
There should me a law against making people work on nice days!!  It is gorgeous today!!  70 and sunny!  And I'm stuck at work 
Sitting in my room... With a horrible cold  But On the plus side, I'm listening to Forever The Sickest Kids &lt;3
Sitting in my stitch kigurumi having spent the day painting my bathroom....I don't want to go to work tomorrow 
Sitting in New Bern Walmart p-lot  waiting for tow truck.  Kamile's transmission is gone 
Sitting in nursery at church. Can't wait to go visit with the family... People are getting on my nerves BAD! 
Sitting in on our System Architect training for other detps, odd how Anti the  delegates are. 
sitting in organic chem beyond confused. 
Sitting in orientation. Really boring 
SITTING IN OWRK TRYING NOT TO FALL ASLEEP WISH I WAS OUT IN THE SUNSHINE 
Sitting in phys therapy, upset about Jon and Kate 
sitting in Redpath using the net again. But this really is the last time. 
Sitting in Richmond airport waiting to fly to Newark. Delayed as always 
sitting in spanish class. MADE A LEVEL 4 ON MY GEOMETRY EOC!!! Ms. DeBord is making fun of me.  I lost at spoons
Sitting in terminal d! Dont want klara to leave!  this will be very emotional. 
sitting in the airp0rt lo0king extra l0st and extra bored .. im so sleepy 
Sitting in the airport waiting for are next flight still have anothe hour this freakin sucks !!!!!! I just want a be to sleep 
Sitting in the airport waiting for my flight.. i hate leaving 
Sitting in the airport waiting to fly...sad to leave CPT 
Sitting in the airport, waiting to leave NOLA 
sitting in the band room... eatting lunch... bored.. 
sitting in the bathtub drinking a beer, its just one of those nights 
Sitting in the bgt cantine its nearly all gone!  sad times!
Sitting in the cafeteria at work eating some really good food. Yum!!! 
Sitting in the car. My ipod is about to die so Im not gonna have anything to do. 
Sitting in the CLC with Amy, knackered and hungry   bad times
Sitting in the common room revising for the last exam, urgh this one is taking it out on me  but at least im looking forward to tonight 
There used to be a jukebox here where u could buy songs for $1 each. Where did it goooo? 
there was a cat on my fence and i went out to pet it and now it wants in my house. my heart is breaking. its meowing outside. 
there was a dell netbook for 127 eur avaiable. now the dell website broke down 
There was a drowning at Kure Beach this afternoon.  Prayers to the families. 
There was a duck family outside with 4 little fluffy ducklings. Yesterday I saw the mommy with only 1 duckling left 
There was a fire hydrant going off, profusely spraying everywhere and i drove through it. Windows down. Everything is wet 
There was a lost dog at my house i wanna keep it 
There was a mosquito in my room this night. It kept waking me up. I got tired of it and said  &quot;Bite Me!&quot;... so it did  
There was a raisin in my honey nut cherios  Also, a sweet T-Rex pencil topper! Everyone at work will be sooo jealous #fb
there was a robbery at my home today, lost a handycam 
There was a silent raue at union sq?! and I missed it? 
There was a South African onboard the Air France flight.  
There was a spider in my room this morning. I never found it again. I kind of don't want to step on the floor now 
there was a spider in my shower 
There was a spider in the shower. And I killed it. Sorry spider! 
There was a spider on my shoe when i took it out of my car... Now i'm afraid to get in my car 
There was a steady stream at my polling station mostly old folks surely they wouldn't vote for the fascists ... Are people that stupid? 
there was a thungerstorm? dammit, missed it 
There was a time in hip hop history when u couldnt even be a wack rapper on your BLOCK. Now ur wack rappin azz can rule the world 
There was a time when a little less than  90% of my inbox was legit mail. Now it's about 20% 
There was a time where I had time to lose time  dead tied.......
There was a very big spider. We sprayed bug killer at it. Did not kill it. I eventually squashed it. Now I'm coughing from the chemicals. 
There was about 10 too many people trying to sleep in my apartment last night, so many that Sarah and I lost our bed to people 
There was an album of bare feet on my wife's FB page.  She is a fan of bare feet. Sadly there's no group for big bear titties. I'm a fan. 
there was an earthquake while i was sleeping 
There was just something about that french fry that really just appealed to me. And Cassie and Tory laughed 
there was me thinking we broke up end of this week turns out it is next week, 
sick of this wind and rain 
SICK ON DAY OF PHILLY TRIP SOOOOO SUPER DUPER ANNOYING!!! 
Sick on Mother's Day 
Sick on my vacation. Not fair.   Better be well when I wake up tomorrow. I refuse to be sick all week.
Sick on the train, sick on the train, oh it sucks to be sick on the train 
Sick on top of my chronic issues...home work even though I just had 3 weeks off and have a short week this week! Just so ill... BLAH! 
sick sick sick. it really sucks 
Sick sick sick. Nose running like crazyyy and I sound like a duck now 
sick sick sick. not a great way to start my summer 
Sick to my stomach. Literally. Im praying its not the flu cuz it came on sooo suddenly. Eff my life. 
Sick today    But very excited about a new parcel that we just acquired!  Hope to have it catalogued and uploaded to the site soon!
Sick today  I think I have an inflamed pancreas.
sick today, not too great all weekend, but bad enough to lay out of work today 
sick ughhhhhhhh HAHAHAHAH trace cyrus rocks!!!! yeahyah!! I SICK  lol broadcasted on justin.tv/bels_boy_now BTW im a girl i just forgot S!
Sick with a fever and i hav the chills...everything hurts! 
sick with a fever too.. this sucks. 
Sick with a sinus infection 
Sick with a very stuffy nose 
Sick with food poisoing 
sick with the flu 
sick with the only headache and throw up lol I thrw up on my dad &amp; cuzzo they tight need to study for the regents maanana but tooo tired 
sick with tonsilitis 
sick! cold! cough! and fever!  just at the mist of the eggjams....
Sick! Have to go to the doctor! 
SICK! SAD!  rt @MargieThiel One of the two Army Recruiters shot outside Army Recruiting Office in Arkansas has died. Please pray.
sick!!! been sneezin' my brains out!!! 
Sick, AGAIN! But I don't have time to be sick!! 
sick, alone and fending for myself. 
Sick, at home 
Sick, for the second day in a row...ugh 
sick, headache, no concert anymore 
Sick, in bed since morning 
sick, sad, and doing homework 
sick, sick, sick!  gotta go to the doctor later! will someone call mcdreamy??
Sick, so staying home and missing giving a talk 
sick, someone cheer me up 
sick, stressed, sad... i need a cigarette 
sick, temperatures and feeling dizzy 
sick.  going to Yna's house after my one hour nap, i need to recharge my body, i'm not feeling very well 
There was no milo.. i had to have plain milk  aw wwell. Off watching raise your voiceee.. laddazz &lt;3
There was no mojo tonight... Brain is too cluttered..  at Claim Jumper's with @StreetSymphony @AW0LF Esco and Drew.. =p
there was no point in cooking a nice dinner....things will never change 
There was no sex in it though 
There was no tornado 
There was no unsecure wi-fi on my back shift No late night/early morning crazy tweets 
There was no way I could stay at work today. I couldn't hold in my tears 
There was nothing in the mail today, feels so empty 
There was only 1 tweet between this tweet and my last one and that's all the sllep I got... 
there was this hot guy there but i didnt get his number cause my teacher was keeping me busy 
There we go, another episode skipped. And one of the best ones!  No fairrrr.
there went all my plans 
There went MY night...Stupid Cavs  ...Sorry Babe
there were 3 slovaks on the plane that got lost  http://is.gd/Mcel
There were 72 applicants for the post of less than 10 guest lectures in our college. Last year there were only 15 applicants. RECESSION! 
There were alot of people in the house last night. I wasn't sure who to poop on. 
there were ambulences atmy school too myfreind had seizer in the middle of history class 
there were gorgeous kittens in the pet shop, we couldnt get one though , they were skitzo 
there were so many gnats following me on my run that i probably looked like pigpen. 
There will be no more life after this week. 
There will be no sleep tonight...... 
There will never be another series like FRIENDS. So sad..... 
There, I tweeted... feels dirty. 
therefore java vm memory is nearly full and users cant log on 
sitting in the corridor by lifts, top floor of hotel in Bremen, DE. only place wifi works! waiting for soundcheck at 5pm local. rain poss 
Sitting in the dark... Man i wish i had my ipod charger... More like wish i could find it lost it today 
Sitting in the day therapy room. It's abt to start. Pls pls pls be well mom. I think I'm even more scared than she is. She's so brave. 
sitting in the dentist chair right now... whoo hoo 
sitting in the dr. Office with akiko fever of 101 
Sitting in the garden blasting out Duff McKagan's Loaded - love it!!!!!!! @duff64 --- just been told to put earphones on instead 
Sitting in the garden revising and I'm b o r e d 
Sitting in the garden with beth, it's not actually that hot anymore, quite windy 
Sitting in the hammock. Studying. 
Sitting in the hospital with little Eddie. Got hit with the baseball in his hand/wrist and he is in serious pain. I feel bad for him  #fb
sitting in the house  bored 
sitting in the kitchen... but the bird i am gonna eat isnt in the oven yet 
Sitting in the library and thinking of new places to cut class... I hate school!  I love Sandy &lt;3
Sitting in the lounge of my hotel with the Dutch Pokernews guys. Flight at 5, not back home til midnight tonight. 
Sitting in the orthodontist chair  just waiting
Sitting in the parking lot of work not wanting to go in 
Sitting in the red room thinking...i left my ipod at home 
sitting in the room waiting for the Dr. I think they 4got about me 
sitting in the school library passing time till I go home. It sucks when you start to not like your job because of your boss 
Sitting in the stadium parking lot waiting for everybody to leave so Lu won't run out of gas in line 
Sitting in the studio going over the routines for this video shoot. How fun! Lol 
Sitting in the sun and try to learn for &quot;Organisationsentwicklung&quot;..It's an absolutely dry stuff  But what's an amazing april this year..
sick.  what a bust. and my ankle is done for. awesome. looks like i win. i'm watching the oc in bed and going to fall asleep.
Sick. I have a fever 
sick. i wish i could've slept all night instead of done work 
sick. in bed. my tissue box and book are my companions right now 
sick..  watching tv with paris!
sick... but still studying...   movie and blanket please?
Sick... Great. 
sick... I hope i get better in less then 24 hours 
Sick......and no it's not the swine flu atleast I hope not 
sick.....not feeling good 
Sick....it really sucks.  Hopefully I get better for the weekend.
sick...failing the math final tomorrow...no seniors on friday...life is bleak this week 
Sick...Me and Maddie Feel Like Crap 
Sick...wish @nelsontx was here to take care of me 
sick.sad.emotional. this day's lame  c'mon lets go lakers!
sick~ i think it was food poisoning  I'M NEVER EATING PORK EVER AGAIN.
sick=lost 5 lbs.  time to eat.         -xo
sickest movie i've ever seen.. gonna have nightmares. going to bed.. MAJOR headache. 
sickface  relaxing till volleyball
sickinmyface 
sickk     bored though. skool tomoz YAY
sickk  darnnn, i wanna go to the pool tomorrow but my tummy hurts!
SICKK  i feel like dying... but im not gonna,, cause i LOVEYOU.
sickk  i see jonas on june 12 the best show i have ever seen
sickk  over doing nothing but im too sick to go anywhere
sickk  why did she break up with him??
sickk again... nothing getting done except sleeping and leaving the house for the doctors. ughh, there goes my weekend...... 
sickk with the flu 
sickk! last jazz class of the year  studying..
sickk.. and had to leave work during my first week. 
Sickk..(N)  head hurts so muchh..
sickkk  just got home from work. shower and bed!
sickkk and so tired 
sickkkk  and i'm going to be at north star today. boooo.
sickkkk from the pump party last night  !
Sickkkk pusinggggggggg but rahma made me go out tn 
Sickkkkk  omfg, I need to shake this off...
sickkkkk.  GET ME OUT OF THIS HOUSE! need to get active. whats going down? Celina havin a party? hit me uhpp!
Sickness fail. 105, 104, 105. Just a few of my temp readings.  Disneyland was cool though.
Sickness is getting worse! My throat feels like it's closing in/tightening  definitely skipping chapel &amp; anatomy lecture
Sickness sickness go away. Never come back again. I so hate being sick 
Sitting in the sun, listening to gomez, sipping a vailla latte, shame it's at work 
Sitting in the sun. It feels good, but in a wk I'll have to sit in the shade 
Sitting in the taxi and i know for a fact i'm too dressed up  x
Sitting in the urgent care center waiting on mom and daddy to come back out with nate. Baby brother isn't feeling great. 
Sitting in the waiting room 
sitting in the waiting room at the NW Asthma &amp; Allergy Center to have 3 hrs of tests done, what a sucky day 
sitting in the WW computer lab bored out of my mind, no one is in the Challenger office  blehhh... boredness
Sitting in traffic 35 miles from DC... 
Sitting in traffic just crawling along I hate construction 
Sitting in traffic.  . Don't know why I'm so tired. Seven hours til naptime...
Sitting in wally world parking lot while my dad tries to get his car started...poor guy 
Sitting in work looking out at the beautiful sunshine 
sitting in work, shaking like a leaf 
sitting indoors on a RAINY daay! 
Sitting inside by the back door, writing reports... it's raining! 
Sitting inside for a little bit. Started blistering again. I sooooo wanna be outside 
sitting listning to music ..bored 
Sitting n the car n the garage locked outside of the house with the kids, my wi-fi is down and the wife is an hr away.Sucks to be me 
there're tons of #myweakness 
there's 173 people missing out on sayinf hi to me ...  well I'll get back to those who did tonight ;) still busy sorting my stuff!
theres 2 many twitter haters out there  but there's also alot of twitter lovers 
theres 200quid down the drain... 
theres a A(H1N1) in our school  im sooo scared...
There's a baby bird trapped on my front porch, poor little guy can't fly off. 
There's a bagel on the kitchentable, I want to eat it like soo bad but I Think it belongs to someone 
There's a bat flying around inside the hotel bar. I feel sorry for it. 
There's a bee 
There's a blue mark in my feet coz the fallin' bed.. Look terrible.. 
There's a book on After Effects CS4 staring at me menacingly 
there's a certain someone not online 
There's a conference coming up in September I really want to apply to but I have no idea(read: too many) what to write about 
there's a creepy guy working in the basement. I'm scared to go upstairs because I have to pass him 
There's a dead bird in my back yard 
Theres A Digger Or Something Outside At 12.43am. Cant Sleep 
There's a distinct lack of premium filth on the train this morning... 
Theres a fly in my room. It's been here for a few days now. 
there's a fly who gets on my nerves ...ahhh 
There's a fox in the garden  Hide!!!
There's a fricken fly in my house!  I thought I trapped it in the computer room, but it escaped 
Theres a fricken prisnor trans outside r hotel!  3/10 so far
theres a fucling bird outside me window  i ccan't sleep
theres a girl crying on the train. Its times like these that i wish i had a tissue 
There's a girl here who looks like Daisy from &quot;Rock of Love 2.&quot; Lol 
There's a guy here (at VooDoo) that looks dead up like Curkendall. *sigh* I miss him a lot. 
there's a hole in my burn blister and it keeps leaking icky fluid. me no likey 
There's a hole in my pants. 
There's a homeless man smoking crack at the bus stop 
There's a huge black spider in my room n I'm so scared I can't sleep!  I can't find it
There's a huge pimple on my face. I feel so ugly!  - http://tweet.sg
Sitting next to my BUS COUGAR CRUSH. She just gave me bad news that today is her last day and then she's on SUMMER BREAK! 
Sitting next to the cat on the sofa, feeling a little bit worse for wear after going out last night 
sitting on a bus the day after you passed your driving test is depressing  I want my carrrr haha 
Sitting on Dubai airport waiting for my flight 
Sitting on msn and being rather sad that the show is over 
sitting on my bed watching kels pack. She leaves tomorrow.  its been fun.
Sitting on my bed.. It's so cold 
Sitting on my bedwaiting for Matt... -sighs- I wish he was home here in the states... not Iraq... 
Sitting on my butt getting ready for work so early in the am   
sitting on my butt watching tv. Too cold to exercise. But feel guilty for not 
Sitting on my couch feeling flu like 
Sitting on my desk preparing for a hard week from tomorrow 5 am until saturday 6 pm (and roughly 2000 km car drivin 
Sitting on my drive way with my neighbors. I'd rather be with @marcuselzey. 
Sitting on my hands to keep out of another snack swap.  Mine was SO AWESOME, but I suck &amp; have yet to get the photos off camera to post. 
Sitting on the boat, drinking coffee, and kind of bummed out 
Sicky McSickerson.  the last thing i want to be doing right now is getting ready for work.  
SIcky-poo and NRB isn't taking care of me  Well, he is kinda sick too. And has a big week ahead. Whatever.
SIC's campus is amazing, but I really just want to be home. 
Sid is gone. 
Sid leaves Saturday! 
side note: i don't &quot;go clubbing&quot; and i would have to wear heels to meet people at eye level 
sidelined with a hip injury 
sidenote, I can't wait to get this behind me...and something else behind me for that matter...I  miss being funny 
Sierra Mist just isn't the same as Sprite  FAIL
Sifting through the twitters I follow.... 
sigh  Farrah ... I didn't know until a second ago. RIP dear. No pain
sigh had to cancel my phone, now i can't tweet through text 
sigh have wii but no interweb 
sigh I need a Rob fix  
-sigh- I wish I had a better complexion at the moment. 
sigh I'm actually tearing.. he was such a nice persoN 
Sigh I've had about 2 gallons of water today &amp; still feeling dehydrated. Drank way too much last nite 
Sigh managed to last the whole weekend before server finally went down at 10pm on Sunday 
Sigh missed train by a few minutes and have had to wait an hour in a cold wet shelter  god bless laptops and iPhone!
-sigh- My summer classes start today 
sigh nooooooooooooo   I have tried but everything was too fast for me XD @ImInLoveWithMJJ
sigh today i have a bad news and some good news,but he bad news it's more deprasing 
sigh! no evernote app for android yet 
Sigh! Writer's Block takes on a whole new meaning when I have to write stories that I have no empathy for 
sigh* off to work I go  Later twitterbudz
Sigh* School is going slowly today 
sigh, 2 days ago feels like a million years ago 
Sigh, already Wednesday? I don't know if I have enough pots for WoE and I hate farming. 
sigh, desk-tapping just isn't as much fun when you're by yourself 
sigh, girls didn't make it 
There's a little creepy house in a little creepy place. little creepy town in a little creepy world .. &lt;3.. .. I love him so much 
There's a long-standing tradition where I rarely ever get higher than a B on a first test. Today's chem test is no exception. 
There's a loud banging noise coming from outside, I'm too scared to look at what it is 
there's a mosquito in my room I can hear him and it's keeping me awake cuz I'm scared he'll bite my face 
theres a moth in my room 
there's a new kind of starburst: favereds. sounds fab, bc cherry and strawberry are MY fav red's but they added watermellon and its yucky 
There's a new season of runs house? I thought it was just a re-run so I didn't watch it. 
There's a pretty sweet flea market goin' on down the street in some parking lot. Just started for the Spring/Summer. I wish I had money. 
There's a production of the stunning Arcadia (one of the plays that really turned me on to theatre) in September, tickets at Â£40 tho 
There's a really annoying bird nested in a tree near my office window and it's making a noise like a evil dentist's drill 
There's a really bad storm coming so my internet could go any minute 
there's a scary thunderstorm outside and my cat left me 
Theres a shadow stuck constantly on my interweb page. Go away shadow 
There's a sick rattie in the house.  Poor Biscuit.
There's a spider in my room. Save me... 
There's a spider spinning its web right on the window. I predict a bird will bang into it again... 
There's a spider web in my car, I feel kind of bad cause I know it won't catch anything in here. 
Theres a squealing man inside my stomach. but its cool. my cats butt was bleeding, apparently anal-raped  you can laugh,but feel sad also.
'Theres a storm coming Harry, just like last time' change Harry to Michelle! Its so black out there! I think its goin to be stormy later! 
There's a stupid scratch on my laptop. I want it to disappear 
There's a terrified raccoon stuck in a storm drain, and we can&quot;t get it open. 
There's a thought running around my head concerning moments and I can't seem to track it down. Poor little guy 
theres a ton of other shows i have to upload , but doubt ill have the time tonight 
There's a tornado watch literally a mile north of us unil 11pm tonight. Yeah, I'm kinda panicking. 
There's a trail ippt tomorrow! Which means is known as nafa test lah! Omg! I'm going to be so cui! 
there's a U-Haul truck going down my block; makes me miss my father... intensely. I want him here 2 give me a hug. 
There's a very fine line between boredom n insanity..n i've Jst crossed it. Fuckin power cuts. 
there's a volcano in my head!  and i've got a paper to sit for tmr!  
There's a white long stretch limo broken down in the middle of the highway ! I wanted to Twitpic the poor bride, but she's crying 
There's about a .5 second delay between when the person says something and when it gets broadcast over the speaker phone. Make it stop 
There's alot of Flones that are only 2 chapters.  And there's almost no AU's 
There's always a choice on the left and one on the right... but I've discovered that dropping out of the bottom seems more effective. 
There's always something that brings me back to reality during a trip 
There's an awesome swing band and my swing partner no esta aqui 
there's another hole in my soul... certain friendships i never thought would end, did 
There's another Kristine Cabacungan?! NO WAY 
Theres ants in my bed n i cant find where they are coming from 
Theres bats outside my hoose!  bleeeeugh, What if one got in! It would be like The Great Outdoors, how good is that movie!
There's critical mass bangalore today, Bangalore Biker Club's 2nd b'day. But me busy with work 
Theres definitely a hp ootp in the thrift store and I wanna save it 
There's definitely something wrong with my twitter account! Not receiving tweets from any fellow tweeters! 
Sitting on the bus, wet and tired. What a wonderful way to spend the evening. I just want to curl into a ball and go to sleep 
sitting on the ferry to fireisland.  who knew this blackberry had a browser-told you i was a luddite. 
Sitting on the hammock revising 
sitting on the side of the road, lap top on my lap (funny that) checking my emails. Strange I know, internet still not working @ my house 
Sitting on the subway makes me miss Paris 
Sitting on this beautiful evening watching my hubby play softball...we just got down w/ a great choir prax. Noah just had an accident  #fb
Sitting opposite a man drinking a sole can of kroenenberg... Wanted to ask if i could have one 
Sitting out front of my office... Can't bring my self to go in. Tryin to step my employment up but it ain't workin 
sitting out having a fag, wishing i had today off 
Sitting outside enjoying the day and not wanting to go back to work. My manager is a d-bag.. 
Sitting outside home, forgot my key and there's none home 
Sitting outside on deck looking at clouds while sun is gone.  its soo hott though eh..
sitting outside Tesco, contemplating going in to buy some food but I have no money 
sitting sick at home. 
sitting talkin to my boy... he is going to the movies with his friends tho so i am gonna miss him  but i gotta study anyway
sitting thinking about the love of my love and how i would do anything for them to just give me one chance 
sitting under my electric blanket freezing my ass off 
sitting up crying right now! 
sitting up super bored  its way to early.
sitting waiting wishing cold 
sitting waiting wishing this hideous study load would disappear 
sitting watching eastenders, chilling in bed! feeelll sooo ruff  
Sitting watching some old boring movie with my family. 
sitting watching the rain, things didn't turn out how i thought they would 
Sitting watching tv, which is something i rarely do and guess whats on..some embarrassing bodies episode, brilliant 
Sitting with @jesspisani + @bpisani + @jazzamagoo watching the Band workshop here in Rome Italy.. Last day..  Gonna miss everyone here!
Sitting with a temper bed cover over my bed Reading all my p.e notes. I will not be going outside as I do not enjoy the sun 
Sitting with Hey Caesarr  at the rock jus woke up an about to depart ways 
Sitting with my polar bear at the airport before she leaves 
Sitting with my sick cat...  But he will be ok very soon
sitting, gotta go to school what a total bummer 
sitting, Listening to some Amy whinehouse, thinking of the life I could have been happy with and whats next,  i really liked him
sittinq at home readyy to take my drivinq test. . .qotta qet everythinq ready for colleqe on friday 
sittinq in the apartment all by myself.. 
Sittn outside ready to go eat...its raining here   .:*:. aShLeY lOvEs YoU! .:*:.
sittting home alll night 
sitttting here, doing nothing ! 
six days!!!!  wish i could spend 'em at the cottage though 
Six feet under theme is on jjj 
Six Flags = Fun! The next day = no voice 
six flags for the day! i wish i had twitter on my phone  #squarespace
Six flags today! Only thing is it's raining! 
Six hours of sleep?  I'm gonna need a nappy soon.
six more finals to go 
Six more resumes sent. Lost count on how many jobs I've applied to...hope one of them at least replies. 
Six places and no purses really struck me as must haves. Its probably just my mood. 
Sixpence none the Richer is a Christian band for the most part -- and they r0ck! too bad they've disbanded 
Sixty hours now. Im scared of the cheerleader  this last little bit of time needs to fly by.
Skank train. No mirror = no make up 
Skate bar has turned into a super fratastic spot. Worst part is that its way more successful. 
Skate boards are not my friend! Snap My ankle hurts!!! 
Skating or make music? 
skeeter Bs for ladies night and John's birthday...then surgery in the morning 
Skeet's not answering his phone.   well, goodnight my love.
Skelly-eyed (squint) and scunnered (fed up) with writing 
Skin is bad, hair's a mess, stomach not feeling too good! 
Sking around eyebrows hurts from plucking. 
skinny holly and fat holly are fighting over caramel slice at the moment !!! grrr skinny holly is winning  my taste buds arent happy 
Skins tonight. Poor Chris 
skipped CSI rewind because of socio 
skipped my 1st pep cut because of school work, hope they'll give me a chance tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/11vciz
Skipping #swingdancing in lieu of rest. I'm a bit ashamed of myself 
Skipping gaming tonight 'cause I feel like hell. But I need the sleep. 
Skit practice at jovel's house! Soo dehydrated! 
Skive over Back to the shop 
sklfkfjldsfjdslfldsfds this is so not fair 
SKO  Almost the end. Nicola smothers us with affection. &lt;3
skool  bisted up my hand
skool 2morrow  but out in lk 2 weekss!!!
skool show was cancelled  + still addicted 2 d sad song + i tink im running out of ideas 4 my book on the upside laughed a lot at skool
Skools ova...report cards tomorrow..ughh 
SkOOLS OVER  i MiSS MY fRiENdS  SO SAd....
Sky blue, week-end great, but back to work 
Sky News: Most people on board crashed #af447 were Brazilian along with 40 French and 30 German, French minister says ;-( 
Sky sources calling for Griffin. 
sky+HD = &lt;3!!!!!  I love it haha! Shame we havnt got it at home, ill have to come to my dads to watch it 
Sky3 has been left on and Ej has left the room and the remote out of reach 
skydive was postponed! gutted 
Skylight Opera Theatre Exec. Board and Managing Director - WHAT is going on? http://tinyurl.com/mvltr8 Pls engage with your audiences. 
skype call with billie but my webcam dont work 
Skype doesn't work on #iphone3.0 
skyped on life? or also just sick 
skyping kristen.  she's so pertyyy.... i miss her so much 
sky's are really black and heavy with rain and the wind is blowing a gale 
Skyway again. 
SL is playing up 
SLA 2009 was fine, and close enough to drive. But keeps getting shorter; this year only 2 full days + a bit. Almost not worth flying 
Slacking at macs now  so tired.
slacking day by day! 
slacking on cleaning my room. 
Slacking...just back from sch... Hoilday  means nothing to me... 
Slammin' a Mountain Dew 
Slammiversary's ending was completely and utterly nonsensical. Ffs, tna 
SLAP!! 2 dem girls trickn guys wit fake booties, n wurn wonder braws makn nem thangs look bigger den yall take da clothes off n its like 
slaving away at eastside marketplace for another six hours of my life, awesome! 
SLC all day 
sleeeeeeeeeeep. even thought i'm not tired and i miss my boyfriend like crazy  ; i have work 8am-2pm tomorrow.
Sleeeeep x10... P.S. I misss you so much 
Sleeeeeping in my mom's bed with the puppas. Home alone tonight. 
Sleeeeeptime! Can't believe I woke up in cyprus.  X
sleeeeepy all dressed up and no where to go 
Sleeeeepyyyy   so HAPPY tomorrow is Sunday  
sleeeep overr exhausted!! cousins graduation partyy tomorrow  ughh
sleeeep. my back feels like its going to snap in half 
Sleeeepy  But no, I can't just sleep whenever now :|
sleeep and then work! I miss Chad 
sleeep: still sick  www.promofm.com/Stacie_Lynn_Hatt ; Follow Me &lt;3
@Rusalkie I used to be able to do that, and just found out I can't anymore! 
@ruSh_Me @brainstuck @thenewbnb @fraands situation is appearing bleak. I might still be spending 15 hours in office this week too 
@ruSh_Me Yeah I know...Been a bit busy lately...  But I guess will be back from today  Though I have a boring meeting today 
@rushad88 oo you are lucky! i had an exam 9-12 and the rest of the day i was studying for my exam on mon  its never going to stop!!
@rusharr oh i mean the Mr twitter voting thingy..  just check it out. he lost his votes..
@RushByTor2112 lol yea that's true!!! i know i am sooo mad!!!! 
@rushh23 its 845am and im missing him already 
@rushindoll13 omg!!! heal fast 
@rushiparikh well im working today  and its sunday...and people are wnjoying the weather and im stuck in office 
@RushJunkie3 Noo Why do ur rents have to be like that Rush so lame man 
@rushme2112 Aww, Mulder lites are never as fun though. 
@rushme2112 yes I have it and it does SUCK. I am out in the country so I don't have anymore options other than dial up 
@Rushmmmore Episodes four and five of what? And I love you too, bestie!&lt;33 I miss you. 
@ruski Other overused words that annoy me: &quot;surge&quot; &quot;value-add&quot; &amp; &quot;leverage&quot; ..oh, not to forget &quot;rightsizing&quot; 
@ruskie818 my frens used 2 liv near there, few cool hang out places around. EastLDN line been shut dow make it not easy 2 go there nymore 
@ruskin147 sori got up l8 
@RuSouL - yo russ, i try to spread love too...you're leaving me out 
@RussAimz Last night's news said he had other health issues 
@russdogg dude, would u mind calling me? need some help bad  thanks! 3107736192
@RussellAWagner I broke my heart.  
@RussellBfan90  relaxing!! LOL .. What u up to tomorra.. I'm workin 9-5  x
@RussellBfan90 awww.. we will miss you  xxxx
@RussellBfan90 im gona sunbathe alllllll day  i dont know how to do it hun, mysti had to talk me thru it step by step!  xxx
@RussellBfan90 Im gonna have a strong coffee whilst the girls play and twitter a while then I must do some revision  what about u?xx
@RussellBfan90 mid term exams math, english, biology , art and textiles its horrible 
@RussellBfan90 we've dropped down lots  xx
@RussellBfan90 yeah it well sucks  i'll get it done though
@russellcarlsen because I love jessica alba? got me. 
@RussellDevon drunk    seriouslyyy...  im STILL drunk
@russellinspace is it really that janky... 
@RussellMoyer ahaha i know. but now i can't do anything over the weekend 
@RussellMoyer I'm pretty sure thats what my essay was about too when I took it! AND I'M SAD I DIDNT SEE YOU TONIGHT 
@russelltanner thanks carphone warehouse still say no  but then it's closing time... They wanna go home. Doors locked.
@russely I really want to! but no ride  and it's so expensive
@russfarm I tried to give love to the Indiana farmers with a video, but they were too busy catching up with planting to stop and talk 
@russfischer man i wish i still lived near a drive in  perfect movie experience
@russiawithlove No I didn't get it but I just read about it now. Papi  We're going to Shanghai to watch Nani, basically. MEHGANON
@russmarshalek  Sorry to hear you're not having a very good morning.  Here--have a virtual mango smoothie and a bagel with schmeer.
@russmerriman Yeah, I know. At least 3.0 is a huge jump forward in usability. I just wish my 3G had a better camera in it 
@Russty ~ awww.   It'll take time before you get your bike legs (and lungs).  Good on you for giving it a go. *hugs*
@RussyRhubarb A new twitter name without telling me? Boo. By the way, I think Oberon is dead  Haven't seen him for ages...
@rustincolor wtf when did it get cancelled? I only watched a few episodes but it was good 
@rustybuckets http://www.speedtest.net/result/490119884.png   vs. 11Mb/s down and 1mb/s up
@rustycoon Edgefest!  or maybe  since you're driving...
@rustyironfist hell no. but i don't get to get a cute dress i might be able to wear again. mine has to be floor length and with jacket. 
@rustyrockets  Had a bit of a wierd dream about you last night which made me miss you more.   Hope youre well.  Love Lindsay xxx
@rustyrockets  i know i watched it too what a bad ending i had hoped HIT MAN won 
@rustyrockets I know.  Boxing makes me sad, too.  I worry about the brain, never mind the psyche during such a sport . . . 
@rustyrockets I went to Disneyland today too and space mountin took my phone for a ride 
@rustyrockets I'm dancing due to &quot;wolf spiders&quot; taking over my apartment and quite frankly there is nothing good about it. they're scary 
@rustyrockets I'm sick!  please make me feel better? I need Dr. Rustyrockets.
@rustyrockets Next time u feel like dancing please call me!  'haven't done dancing 4 a very very long time 
@rustyrockets russell ur absence makes us all @brandystrippers sad  SEND LOVE!!
@rustyrockets where have u been  us @brandystrippers have needs that u must fulfil via twitter at least!!! xxx
@rustyrockets without me?? 
@rustyrockets: Oh no! That's really saddened me  xoxo
@ruth_siobhan gah, thats lame! i know the feeling, the pizza delivery guy stole mine when i was at uni the night b4 i15! 
@Ruth_Z I was trying to explain the benefit of your site to someone, but I guess it's down. 
@ruthafrita Adam Lambert 
@ruthannea yea but I won't be here.  You will have to call me. Miss you bunches, have fun with Laura on friday.
@ruthdecay  twitter cut your message in half
@ruthdizzle easier said than done? 
@ruthellison http://twitpic.com/68jau - Very cool. Sorry to have missed them 
@Rutherfordium looks like I'll stop by the house and get a coat then 
@Rutherfordium OMG just did it and can't even prove it!!!  lol
@ruthibelle not sure you could help with this one. Its actually a website I'm building for a client. Think I set the deadline too tight 
@RuthieCakes And the BNP sneak through the apathy door. 
@RuthieHammond Just set the sky+, looking fwd to watching Eric. Oasis shud be good but it's looking like a long old day in the rain 
@ruthieor Yeah, I'm getting a dress off my friend, nothing great in the shops! I'd like to but best see how the study goes... 
@RuthieRAWR Didn't see your tweet Ruth, but get well soon! 
@ruthkm aw bb 
@RuthMoyte They state &quot;stop into our store&quot; give the hours open then forget to tell me where they are! and no way to email to ask 
@ruthnin  usually up by 6.30. Wish I could lay in once in a while 
@RuthOUTspoken awwwwww 
@ruthreichl argh Mangosteens are my all time fav fruit! So frustrating not finding good ones in Vancouver. They are often mushy, if any 
@ruthy23  Ruth x hope your Ok x x x
@ruthy23 Cool pics Ruthy!!  I SO want to go see them...  
@ruthy23 It's good to have something to look forward to, I have no hols booked at the mo 
@ruthy23 oh dear   That cant be very nice but I can empathise. Familiarity breeds contempt and all that
@ruthyan bad luck for your no-exams! 
@ruthyan bundle me along too please? 
@ruthyoung1 Sorry to hear that Babe. I'm here if you wanna talk. 
@RutledgeWood Grrrrr! I can't watch, no cable tv  that's why I'm here waiting for updates and details.LOl I want my cable back! Have fun!
@ruttanamy  Ugh - that's how my last one died. So sad. I'm in mourning for you. 
@Rutto_chan i'm sorry for making you worried   i promise u that i talk to u later but i need to get away for everyone now (...)
@rutty_uk it's the troof! I did 
@Rutzzz sorry to tell u but zac efron does NOT have a twitter account  but hiiiiii rutahhh
@RuuBabie and the rain aint helping one bit  i think im meltin
@ruyoung yeah.  isn't garbage an essential service? it should be.
@rvamedia Twitter is still being a little snarky on my end. 
@rvandersteen oh noooooooo!!!!!!!  i hope it finds its way back to you.  
@rvaria You should have taken a moment to know exactly who/what you were insulting;That's the kind of behavior that drags twitter down 
@rvj5234 I can't believe my shows are over. Depression is starting to set in 
@rvosial 300gb of pics?! Wow that's gonna take a loooong time 
@rvpartsguy  Just a couple of &quot;motivational self help food 4 thought books and a beautiful new journal. I was rushed for time today 
@RVZB aww  so unfortunate but so worth it! I live that game now! And all of you! 
@RVZB awww becca  you looked so sad earlier
@RWAneesa - I'm a nail biter, so I can't help you there  lol! But NEON Royal Blue (if that makes sense) is a really sexy color...
@RWAneesa I hit you up Saturday... was in philly pretty much all weekend but figured you wasnt in town 
@RWBEagle Of course they are! I'm having the same problem. 
@rwdave boooo 
@rwdave Sounds like fun! I've got all of yesterdays work added onto todays since yesterday was an utter washout for me 
@rwdave Yes, yes it does. 
@rwomack18  I know! I feel sorry for Kris.  He will never be able to enjoy his win.
@rws381 im gonna have to get the updates on my phone... if i was at oak tree tonight id be able to watch but aero has no tv 
@RWSparkle unfortunately, you're probably the only who even notices their kids aren't at home.  Too many don't even care . . .  
@rwyeasnt no!  your sense of humor is the best
@RXanthophobia It was easy, thank god! i'm really worried about history though, i need to go shopping with you &amp; sara 
@rxchy I was very tempted to buy loads at the airport, but realised how much I spent on crap at DL over the last few days, so I passed 
@rxgellivictor hi gelli! im sorry I cudnt listen to the ride ryt now... 
@rxgellivictor That female jogger was weird.  You're my fave RX DJ next to Delamar!! YAY!! haha.
@rxmeds96 I know. That's the only downside of living out here. The rest of The League is in sleepytime too.  
@rxrrazorblade Poor you.  I just finished work. You'll get through the day.
@rxtmr disappointed that rxtmr still doesn't have a Twitter profile pic. 
@Ryan_B will we get to see the intro song online? I missed it 
@ryan_buell Welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter! Haven't see you since Indy!  Missing you and PRS! 
@ryan_cabrera ryan come to texas boy! i might not make it through the summer without a show  u in san antonio would totally make my LIFE!
@Ryan_Ferwerda so pissed I couldn't experience that, all I could do was talk trash to random Lakers fans in the street 
@ryan_kanyay I'm really sorry, Ryan  !
@ryan_leslie  P.S. Really wished that you include my best ev er and fav. song''it's love'' in your 1st. US Album!? video of it ..WoOw!! 
@ryan_leslie OMG! I have been so behind on everything. Didn't know you would be in Baton Rouge. Dies.... 
@ryan_leslie u only staying in paris though? 
@Ryan_Orrico argh, it's gonna be hard to do. especially living in LA  but I think I'll manage. I hope, anyways.
@ryan_price Oi, I ran into the problem too  not a good fix, but there's an app in utilities called &quot;Grab&quot; that works good enough...
@ryan_riva ahh I'm soo out of the loop  I didn't know about tht single
@Ryan_the_Iowan HAHAHAHA They cracked jokes about Iowa! It was funny!  It was a really good show, sorry you guys missed it. 
@Ryan_Tudor Oh noeess  mean. I really want a duck called potter now lol. Someone drew you in a game of DB pictionary lmao! 
@Ryan_Tudor yep tried restarting and I have a ton of free memory... had no other programs running at the time and nothing works 
@ryanakasct how are u gonna @ me without really @ ing me? &quot;/ and howare u goin to my city w/o me 
@Ryanandy yea like break and enter! yea i could go for seeing UP tonight!! i'm bored 
@ryanashleyscott Sorry you didn't hear anything yesterday.  
@ryanaudition i want to see you tonight but im poor  lmao
@ryanbauer411 Wish I could go!    Will have to catch the next tweetup tuesday!
@ryanbeales But so many more to come. 
@ryanboken I just read ur tweet about running over a bunnie. How sad!!!!  lol
@ryanbooker hold on, back up there, did you say new Monkey Island!? But not for mac  Thank god for bootcamp. I do love Guybrush
@ryancarson I was about, was going to come say hi at the end but ended up talking to Simon ( good man btw) and then my ride home arrived 
@RyanDevine Aww  Poor you
@ryandubridge aww poor little man  .......its ok ill be lonely too jajaja
@ryanfaulkner Trico would be great but no big surprise  and i really hope they don't spend too much time on sales-age.
@RyanFTrainor I am EXACTLY the same 
@RyanFuentes : fat, fat, fat! And where's my cranberry limeade??? 
@ryangetloud chruch is off  her mom has 2 work or sumthing like tht
@ryanhanrahan TOTALLY DISagree. i LOVE danny gokey 
@ryanhavoc Get a protective case for it before you smash the screen like my mate did 
@RyanHilt oh yuck...that does suck.  Slow shows are tough.
@ryanhiltonis *answers shyly, head down* Guilty 
@ryanhugstrees yeah I know um we could talk on AIM maybe later? but I can't get online on a regular computer til monday 
@Ryanimay what no Dallas part II?! 
@ryanissxcraddd Now that hurts 
@ryanjunee That article is just awful!!! Who wrote that piece of crap? 
@ryankanno ack, no can see @mustheartdogs either.  and weird, these tweets are in my mentions, but not my timeline (oh wait, new Twitter)
@ryankeely i thought i saw you dancing in dallas tonight - i was very disappointed it wasnt you 
@ryankelly81 not remind me.. I got all my shit ready and a suite dwntwn. Now all dez events we got July 1st-July5th got me thinkin... 
@ryanklong I'm missing Huddle House!!! Oh sad day! 
@RyanLacksTact Boo. 
@RyanLaker Really? I guess if I ever visit Oslo I'll say I'm Canadian. 
@ryanlange i took a spill on my bike  i think my elbow is broken? idk. hahaha
@RyanLoco thx for inviting me out tonite  I am available ya know! Lol...
@ryanmcco Dogs are great security devices... though my last one was a &quot;Six Dung-A-Day&quot; dog 
@ryanmeitzler Ditto... but I'm not at home so my iPod's just sitting idle 
@ryanmer Sorry, I would have but I wasn't on Twitter. 
@ryanmiller new York smells like piss and la is really hot. You lose either way 
@ryanmoreriot : Aww, that's sad 
@ryanmoreriot BGT!hah?nmbak gw jls ditrma?mksdna?huaaa gk bsa say.mslhna dy first love gw 
@ryanmortimer campbelltown station, finished work late and missed my bus 
@RyanMWebster  Just wondering how you got your tickets. I've been trying for over an hour and none, and I mean none, were available. 
@ryanmwilson im just not feeling that great  just don't feel like dealing with people i think i'll be very anti-social this week
@RyanneCruz I didn't watch crank 2 yet cuzvof my age  yeeeeah!! I actually don't like blond guys but paul walker is f*cking hot xD
@Ryannjenni what the heck!! 
@RyannLim I know right! ) Sucks that they didn't continue the series till the end  I'd lend you my USB but it's only 8GB )
@ryanoconnor http://twitpic.com/6b0np - I know the feel 
@RyanOConnor Totally feeling your pain right now. [TOS] deserved best book.  #tonys
@ryanodonnell oh no! I hope you guys feels better  Maybe just a 24 hour bug?
@ryanophoto You have the worst luck ever! 
@RyanReynolds76 im still going to see your movie even tho you wouldnt take a picture with me! 
@RyanRhinoPrice it hasn't.  I was a little disappointed by the video...   was hoping for a bit better.. it's still pretty good though.
@ryanrox poor thing 
@RyanSchmidt27 nothing new has shown up on my feed for about 15 minutes. I think I've been spoiled, tho. Didn't want to be. 
@RyanSeacrest   Gah !!!  I know what you mean 
@RyanSeacrest Any more tour dates for Canada? only 2 so far, much too far no concert for me not a happy Glambert 
@RyanSeacrest aww i'm not from the US so i can't tune in to your show  could you pls ask kris if he's got twitter? pretty pls? thanks!
@RyanSeacrest aww no 
@RyanSeacrest Can't believe Danny's gone! He's the best, by far. 
@RyanSeacrest doesn't work 
@RyanSeacrest down by 2 now 
@RyanSeacrest Farrah Fawcet dies of cancer at 62. 
@RyanSeacrest first you should tell your guys they should host also a link for non US people 
@RyanSeacrest go for it! dogs are the best and labs are so cute! i want one, i'm jealous 
@RyanSeacrest Hour 21??? Go to sleep! You're going to be so tired tomorrow at 4am. 
@RyanSeacrest i did, and yea jt won, hehe oh but i really wanted sierra or brendan,  but its alrite,
@RyanSeacrest I was sitting in my comfy bed when I felt the quake and my tail went right between my legs 
@RyanSeacrest I wasn't awaaaake  but even if I was I'd probably be listening to @Channel933 instead. SD love.
@RyanSeacrest Im feeling sad, not likeing my new haircut 
@RyanSeacrest I'm worried about Conan changing too much and becoming all Hollywood-ized  No spray tan, please!
@RyanSeacrest is it just me, or she hates anoop. i mean seriously, she's kinda mean to him. 
@RyanSeacrest is it true that danny gokey didn't  make it to the top 2?  i wasn't able to watch AI, my freinds just told me,  
@RyanSeacrest just caught latest E! episode with courtney love's skinny picture..it scares me so much!  
@RyanSeacrest link didn't work 
@RyanSeacrest LOVE this song, but I fear it won't get much radio play.  
@RyanSeacrest me too 
@RyanSeacrest not enough Ryan .... only because he is a star will he walk away with a slap on the wrist 
@RyanSeacrest oh please Ryan will u tell me what happened?? I'm so out of the Loop! What happened? I hope it's not bad but it sounds bad 
@RyanSeacrest so sad.. our family lost a precious baby girl exactly 1 yr ago of only 18 months I can only imagine their pain... 
@RyanSeacrest so sorry for david my deepest condolences 
@ryanseacrest Son of a crap!  I thought Adam Lambert on Twitter was real.   I still have mad love for you though, Ryan!
@RyanSeacrest the link didn't work 
@RyanSeacrest The link doesn't work 
@RyanSeacrest Tie bar!  I missed it on Wednesday. 
@Ryanseacrest what you've been doing all day? im on holiday yet im bored 
@RyanSeacrest Wish I could eat pizza with you  BooHooHoo!!!
@RyanSeacrest Wow! My thoughts and prayers are with him as well!   
@RyanSheckler :'( i shudda met youin London 
@ryansporn Don't be mad at me.  Please? ::puppy dog eyes::
@RyanStar  I will order off rstar.net or amazon then, can't wait!
@RyanStar awww the sun blocks your face  but you still look oh so handsome! &lt;3
@RyanStar did you eventually get a ride? I'd drive you.....but i'm in the wrong country at the moment! 
@RyanStar wish I could by music from iTunes in BRAZIL... we're not allowed here, you know... 
@ryantaylor we are at the pub. When are we not at the pub 
@Ryanthen :o OMG SRSLY? that's so gay (( i love them  x
@ryantomlinson shame its bad flash code tho, throws some nasty debug error.... 
@ryanwaynefarro jah kita slisiban doang  kalo ak ktmu llyod ak njerit yakin, eh td link ap sih? ak pk hp, gbs youtube-an
@ryanwetzel  I am sort of Dyslexic. I mix up my sentence structure and similar sounding words when I write things down.
@RyanXzavier u know I think I'm superwoman... Stay up all nite then do 2 shows the next day... @donnyroc ain't havin it lol 
@ryanyep you went without me..? 
@ryblackattack and i'm sorry i made your eyes hurt bb 
@RyceJuanton um..4:45. I need to stop at ATM for school payment. Glad you tweeted. My phone is no bueno. 
@rydinalex ..yea after 3wks of no meat, eatin just a lil' made my tummie hurt!  it was like detox! so i decided to stick to no meat. LOL!
@rydyr But it still makes my day more interesting being able to stalk everyone who posts excessively.. I cant do that now 
@ryee40007 Did he mean he's not going to follow *anyone* while you're at Disney?   Way to ruin Twitter for everyone! (Just kidding) ;-)
@ryee40007 I can't see that yet. YouTube player on my phone says the video is not available yet. 
@ryee40007 I hope it was thick carpet.  Ouch!
@ryee40007 I wanna write a jingle about towels.  I don't have a PC. Wah!
@ryee40007 I'm upset because I want some beets. 
@ryee40007 Oh, I *really* wish I could watch that here!! (Twitter&amp;Twitpics is about all this connection can handle.) 
@ryee40007 Tequila. But it's too early. 
@rygledhill ... and she was all &quot;yes but revise.&quot;  nobody's any fun anymore !
@rygledhill i cant watch the link until tomorron  does it look good? No will ferrell
@ryjameschrist fail for you! I was gonna get m and s but they don't have my cookie in  I will just eat my assorted nuts haha
@rymacofficial  OOOH NOOOO I MISSED IT   
@Rymelz that sucks! 
@rymus Balls  Bring your own french press. Beats the recession too lol
@ryn823 You have sun?! I'm jealous, nothing but clouds here 
@RynGarcia aawww I miss u too!  
@rynldz mau main main doong do-funn haha iya nih rabu masih lama huhu eh syg call me dong bosen nih nge-net di mobil 
@ryohakkai @bluenix willow deleted all her posts derp;; she didn't reply to my message either 
@ryohakkai aughhh is it a huge deal?  any way to fix it?
@ryohakkai aw thats kind of sad 
@ryohakkai shampoo's story was good! I liked how she had a hate/love thing going on, only to find out they were both Ranma and then baww 
@ryohakkai yeah my korean friend said even those romaji formatted lyrics confuse her LOL 
@ryrou sorry if I'm being really depressing 
@Rysherd yes! My co-workers don't go to bars with me 
@Ryskrett: no pics of drunk girls though 
@ryszu I'm happy to submit patches for broken tests, but I feel the last paragraph on http://bit.ly/10boZ1 is somewhat misleading  #zf
@ryushidude ehhh... you know what I'm like with PSP-based MGS's.. 
@ryyanscott omg why are you in sd I'm sooo bored 
@rzrachelzoe http://twitpic.com/6bcc0 - can't see pretty faces   but looks like a good time!
@s_b_g did you reply to her? u never replied to my last mail  neither did McAleavy.. Your both sacked!!!
@s_beautiful season 5, but baru episode 6   haha i heard about izzy being sick but don't really know the details. Not yet.. hee.
@S_Cunningham it breaks your heart when they say stuff like that.  Have fun though!
@s_dont We've been wanting to watch that, but I can't find any IMAX theaters showing it 
@s_garrett bleeeeh, my cats have never peed outside their potty box, but i have stepped on kitty vomit  ewww
@S_GENIER a little. no, actually I'm really good but it's that I get distracted alot. 
@s_kc Yea, looking at MSi wind U100Plus....very handy, sleek but its 2GB edition is not available in India 
@S_sS go to setting you big fanny! look for 'mobile' its something 2 do with ur phone thats why... i want a nudge 
@S_sS not in the films though  in real life he is PHWOAR-worthy.
@S_Wash See u holding out on your tea drinking...  Yea drink the good stuff for me... Im stuck on Lipton for now 
@s0l_uk - ahhhh then u would have to have sky    the only reason we have sky is cos my mum pays for it lol
@S0Lo did ur bff tell u i asked bout u lol u missed our smoking session  im mad at u and yea u owe me big time
@s0nerdy Graphics resit  New plan: I'll get a regular ice pole and cover it in WKD - same taste!
@s13pdg No plans  Not having a night out before I'm done with my final exam on tuesday.. making me crazy just thinking about it.
@s1m0n YAY!!! I am so excited for you guys! I wish we were going to Germany more than ever. 
@s44 Seems you got some issues lately with ur lexus? Sorry to hear that 
@S4BodyJewelry OMG you guys have nice shit...I am soooo getting some stuff from you &lt;3 And I wish I could see the concert...its expensive 
@s4ints lucky. I want AL too! 
@s4m sorry Sam  no joke, it just randomly broke on it's own
@s4nh4 aw its still itchy  maybe poison oak or something?
@s4nh4 oh I know! I'm trying to do this running thing bc I didn't really run for a yr and now I want to get my run time back, I lost 2MIN 
@s4r4hk1ng nope not today unfortunately I had a soul destroying task to perform 
@S60mobi Yes... on my nokia n97 
@s60online as will I! Bye Bye S60 Ambassador initiative...  we'll miss you... hope you return in a new format soon!
@S8key lol i know right....its a hell of a drug! lol but idk whats wrong with me! 
@sa_scully Oh, that sucks! Sorry that you have to deal with it as well.  I thought I was handling it for EVERYONE at this point - ouch!
@saaaaaarah15 i know same 
@Saaaaah i miss you too sis 
@Saaaandra I want to go with you !  But I'm tierd....
@saaaarahhh I don't understand any of it. Oh gosh my leg just died 
@saaam_  why what's up? 
@saaam_ I was tiding up a shelf in my cupboard and was reaching at the back and grabbed something.. ended up hurting and now I'm bleeding 
@saaam_ ooh haha, im seeing them at wembley on the 20th  I dont think i can go to the tay one  have to wait til next year 
@saaam_ tell me about it, likewise 
@saaamie aw, do you have school tomorrow? i feel sorrry for you! 
@saaamie i know she's so cute! but i'm pretty sure she's leaving 
@Saaamm ahh good luck haha i've had loads already (n)  I keep getting distracted haa
@Saaamm lol ok...jackson does all his own stunts and ofcourse was throw by rob into a piano. which was crushed  x
@Saaamm Yeahhh.  My depth perception isn't great either. Hah.
@saab_da_lioness Smh guuuuuul. Betta hope I don't forward this picture to yo momma! No shame!  imma put it on my wall tho! ROTFLMAO I KId!
@saabmagalona I'm inggit, Saaby! I miss school!  I hope I see you soon, I really miss you, super much!!!
@saabmagalona Yeah . i noticed , How Sad  I Love Your Role There. You Were Partnered With Matt Evans Right Ate?
@saabmagalona Yes, even if you mention their names.  Kaya I had to make mine public. HAHA. Panira ng stalkerazzi mode ko.
@Saabsaab8 I will miss you tonight. 
@saachiex3 I love that song! Anyway, Ate Maita said di na daw ako tuloy me coz she got a better answer daw 
@Saadie im so hungry right now 
@saaem enjoying or working... or maybe both... off to go swimming with kids now.  Will likely get wet on the way there.  rain pending. 
@saaket Come to Blue Frog....Mondays closed though. 
@saaket main check karta hoon - did not check it 
@saakuraxp ah amr   , gente nem deu mais role junto neh 
@saalon the street racing was lame, and the shift from college to degrassi was awkward. and the J.T. death was just uncomfortable 
@saamanthajaane  awwh bubbb. i hate crying infront of people. i tried to act as fine as i could today &amp; couldnt cope and blah! sametoyou!x
@saamanthajaane :o exams. YUCK    that will be hectic!
@Saamia Chelsea won: means my dad will come home drunk and depressed. Mum working in the Den. I'm hot and can't concentrate. 
@saamx  thanks, you too&lt;3
@saan1911 wish I could but I am in the far away magical land of Schererville. 
@SaarAngel i read about that, yes. but i can't bring myself to watch knowing how horrible it will be. 
@SaarAngel i saw one of the videos and i seriously started to cry. i can't handle watching it, i really can't. 
@Sab much better than the bad exercise scene w/Troi &amp; Crusher, their clothing scares me. 
@Sab_1908 will do 
@SabaaTorres yeahhh  =/ i hope. he cant go D: hes just signed a new contract anyways :S x
@SabaTheG k will let u know hun and don't use twitterberry use ubertwitter !! Twitterberry will freeze ur blackberry up 
@sabbathdei  i miss him alreadyyy *waa* how are you? and thanks.
@sabbathdei that sounds so sad 
@SAbbottCayman what is it with you boys and Campy!!  Nope, need Shimano hub for SRAM  
@sabbymcguire It's very hot uh! here at my house too! Very warm! 
@sabeeh90 boy stuff...i'd rather not discuss details on twitter. 
@SaberSaturn I've read that article in paper version. not quite impressed 
@Saberware File! File now! And yes, if only I could get my own 
@sabete argh!  forgot to drop that gem tonight.  thanks for telling me AFTER 6pm!  
@sabina_zoe Awww thanks! Hahaha, I have to say likewise!  We all need to go out for a night! I watched like 2 episodes of the first season
@Sabki Haha ok thanks I am kind of glad they were opening, I have to get home and study for finals the next day 
@sablevenus Lol. I don't even bother. Sad times. 
@sabret00the Last Sunday at 2pm 
@Sabri32 ewww that is way to early but i have to work out at 6 in the morn for like 3 freakn hours ugh!! i shld sleep but i wont lol ! 
@Sabri32 haha yeah!!! those were fun times for our stuco retreat awww i'm sad i didn't get to have one my senior year 
@sabriebrie I miss you 
@sabriebrie Ohh, hiatus   When I thought I was replacing, I already had a whole video planned out (never filmed it, though).
@sabrina215 I can't even watch the marathon, Channel is blocked on my tv and will be until tomorrow morning. I'll have to borrow the DVDs 
@SabrinaB99 Aw...I woulda came to the potluck if I'da known  
@sabrinablanks It does. Its still not working  I'm gonna call the company
@sabrinaceleste oh yeah sorry i couldn't go! 
@sabrinadawson hope you feel better soon 
@SabrinaDent sorry I didn't get on Sat. Sounded like a great day.  With working away for half this week, was too much to do 
@sabrinafallah oh ok  it's nothing ;) me i loveee Mika he's soo amazing !
@SabrinaJT Fav song - Grown man, Big Girl Now, Full Service, Dirty Dancing, Click Click Click...um the WHOLE album!  can't go to concert!
@sabrinaland aww thanks!  hey whats that guys name that put me in that blog?  i wanted to say thanks but i dont remember his name 
@SaBriNaM412 well i FORGOT my snack...and no one brought anything today  sucks!!!
@SabrinaO0318 nothing comes up 
@sabrinapham actually, that Cera twitter isn't the actor: http://bit.ly/Yn7hy - sorry 
@SabrinaR12 i hope so...cause i cant listen to the whole thing 
@SabrinaSHIZZLE Eek, Sabrina! I'll miss your sextastic voice too.  &amp; our late night convos.. I need my own cell!
@sabrinatan Gorgeous, I told you that your foundation has been discontinued yes? It's getting recalled on April 14  xox
@sabrinaxx heyyyy yeah still on eoghan forums.. bad times!! 
@sabrinaxx ooooooooooohh  typical the day i am at work lol
@sabrinaxx stop it  thankgod my name isnt my tiwtter name :L
@Sabrioli 1. Kalamazoo Gazette has my heart. 2. I read the article you posted about CUNY's spending. It's sickening. I'm sorry. 
@Sabsay I agree. It looks exactly the same. I was looking forward to a nice looking UI. But this is not what I expected. Too bad 
@SabStradWay Aw  I really really hope TAI goes there soon! Hopefully they'll make their way there!
@SAC722  i dont think its because of the car girls are not really into that, its a plus but its not every thing at all
@sacca http://twitpic.com/6sjog - Sad. You crazy Americans and ur crazy gun laws. When will u learn 
@SachaJonasGrace You dont like Demi? Why not? 
@sachilefever I think we have Seattle weather in Philadelphia 
@sachis30stm yeah! but too late  lol
@sachko going to church and its not the same when you're gone...life's not the same. 
@SackPackies Yes  @ohflawless I know   I think I'll just wait for tomorrow and see what happen
@SACLMP I don't hate you I just didn't know you had twitter I'm sorrrrrrrrrrrrrry 
@SACO88 nope they are gone 
@SacramentoZoo don't know if i'm going to make it.  last minute house guests
@Sacred_Silence doesnt it all totally suck 
@Sacred_Silence he doesn't know he's my crush *lol* he's 30 - see, I &lt;3 older guys... ;-) 1000s of miles away  but he deserved holiday!
@sacredmoment sadly, I didn't see your reply until today!  I was at the pointe hilton at tapatio cliffs in phoenix. Didn't want to leave!
@sadafbaig aw... I miss you 
@Sadandbeautiful Get local recommendations before you change vets   Sending positive thoughts your way.
@Sadandbeautiful Sorry I didn't make it.  I didn't have my bike with me today.  
@Sadandbeautiful That sucks about your prints. Sorry 
@SAdannyfan see i am getting blamed again lol always blames the monkey 
-@sadbuttrue LOL Now that's a circus show indeed. Still no joy with http://is.gd/14kgOn though 
@sadbuttrue OS 3.0 is not likely to be available until around 6pm UK time I understand.  
@sadcox Dang. I just gave the last pancake to the dog. 
@sadekhm I can't  we've to go to the opera for her rehearsal 
@SadeXposed lmao yup. unfortunately it didnt trend  watevs. thanks for participating tho babez
@SadieAsks Doctors have confirmed its ectopic and she's gonna have an abortion later. 
@SadieAsks larger than 4cm u need a laproscopy. i hope they are paying carefull attention.... cuz i dnt want anything happenin 2my Sadie 
@sadieozesoy I don't know how to upload a whole folder to that thing you used to send me Blur 
@sadiereede I rllly want to! I want to see that, yr 1, n my sisters keeper so I have to choose 1 
@sadiestar heey was that the 2nd year show?! i soooo wanted to come to that today 
@sadiethompson so COOL! Poon kids waited patiently, but not selected on their last trip... 
@Sadif I'm also ill...  well crap...
@SadittysAsh oH my cuzzin really wants 2 go...not sure if I'm in da mood 4 sum partyyy idt I'm goin 
@sadityNpretty i missed your party  ... When is the next one .. Im there
@SadTweet yes 
@sadukie We missed you at Technic. 
@sadyn Nope, we're doing Adv at Bedok Library then going to National Lib to do MM 
@sadyn Not at all  Probably chionging on Tues.
@saeedku his visitor is a Queen of something!! and i'm hungry 
@Saereth I keep saying we need to cook some delicious desserts and stuff together, but we never do.  LET'S DO IT, K
@safclyndz im sorry im such a rubbish friend  x
@safclyndz Ive never been Wembley  untill 8 day times
@safclyndz ur cruel for laffin at my face lol. its even worse now  x
@saferdays: so? sex is just a word.  &quot;whore&quot; is an insult!
@saffanah same like you nih   what we do tomorrow zka ?
@Saffiter  I wanna see pics of a cane fire.  Like in the let the cane fields burn song. ?
@Saffiter Smoke?  as in fires? 0__0
@saffronscarf As will I, my friend 
@safianolin get on the book of face, i missss you , 
@SaFitzgerald - no there is nothing there 
@saftypin  just for a second. i was a tad bit occupied. kinda bummed. i missed british chirs. 
@safzoro oh why? didn't you like them? 
@sagaAlice Please follow my Auntie Alice? I'm lonley. 
@SagaciousB Man, I'm sorry to hear that  Cliche as it sounds, things like that always bring you back to what matters
@SagakureVK  yeah! I really wish I could support the series more. I want to contribute to the VK world. No one has published VK in Mexico 
@sage_in_spain oh, that's awful  I wish you luck, and I hope she feels better soon!
@sage_rules I wish it were that easy bro.  I am srsly down over this.  I couldn't even finish my yummy oatmeal today 
@SageEryin oh boo hoo thats so disappointing  lol
@sageingenue Yeah, those are a no go. He doesn't seem to be interested in the fantastic stories, and we had Sideways...untouched 
@SageLopez You are adorable. Haha. I miss you! 
@Sageogfruit ...you are right, damnit! And he did take more pics with his good camera.  But we have to wait on them 
@sageothyme Wonderful! I don't see many around my house lately. 
@sagewhistler That just sucks. 
@saharabloom  I can't even imagine dating now...I'm changing so rapidly (mostly for the better, I hope!)
@saharabloom 'bout 15 minutes, starts pleasantly enough, then degrades rapidly into hell 
@saharabloom thanks!  I pined for 1 for years, but the quality is quite poor now.  so disappointing.  
@SaharKhan aww well thats sad 
@saharlestrange awwww  is he/she not wearing diapers???
@sahilk @vishalgangawane @prateekgupta @punetech Something has come up unexpectedly  cant make it to the tweet up! Sky do give live update
@sahilriz Seriously man... Was hoping for some sorta repeat in Camelot... Sigh! Feel so bad... 
@sahilriz what? really?? 
@sahiraa i'm nervous! mostly cuz of the angry gokey fans voting for kris 
@sahiraa oh dear i wanted to miss the finals!!! now i cant 
@sahiraa yeah. the japanese version of giordano, i hope they have nicer stuff. on the other hand, EVERYONE IS GOING TO BE WEARING UNIQLO 
@sai194 Good one...how was the movie btw? Am definitely watching it this week...too late already 
@SaidaGP what's happened to your rabbit? 
@saidinjest that's definitely no excuse! UGH! 
@SaifSiddiqui Mine says I have a DM but I cannot open it 
@saifuddin_s I wish I could. Ubuntu detected and installed drivers for all the components. But the laptop is for my sister in law. 
@saikano1 its 10:13pm here now, i think that means it will finish at 3am.....with work tomorrow...not going to happen  #asot400
@SaikoSakura well crap. can't make tomorrow, driving to Catskills for cousin's wedding weekend 
@saileshr I don't get the option to allow MMS messages in my settings. 
@sailorlegs we lost!  but our score was pretty good, ah well.
@SailorPsychic 
@Saimaa3 yes, but could argue that 1 supporter is 1 too many, they may have influence over hundreds - it only takes one sadly 
@saimin inside down to 15ï¿½C, outside up to 27ï¿½C. 
@saimin: o NO it ain't it can't die this summer is gonna off the chain 
@saint_l0uis I don't have a can nor laptop 
@saint_l0uis Plz, feel free, I'm not claiming any of these wack clubs. I was  going to Chi this weekend, but had to pay for car repairs! 
@saint0z bastard! i wanted to see it tonight but i got a final tomorrow 
@saintartaud Soderbergh's Solaris was terrible. 
@SaintAshlar Shit. 
@SaintBastard dude. I'm a Caps fan at heart. 0 cups. Many a heartbreaking loss. My #2 is the Bruins.. so.. yeah. 
@saintcreaghy NOOO! The GoKids website cancelled their Harry Potter competition! I'm gonna scream now - ARGH!!! 
@saintcreaghzy I don't have new games.. Dad said he was going to buy a Mario racing game for me, but he didn't say when 
@saintcreaghzy If I hadn't changed it to NSW (like you told me to), then I would've had 2/3 
@saintcreaghzy kelly gave it to me for my birthday. yeah jus onee for hoyts 
@SaintEphanie You're worth a lot to lots of people, even if they don't show it 
@saintflowers I know  well on the community alot of people have withdrawn coz they used it, it's not worth a lawsuit lol x
@SaintLellis My bff can't come to my 11h birhday party along win everyone else 
@saintlellis the sun is gone.  it was such a nice day today1 beeasy
@saintnicholasj ...that's the only reason why? 
@saintnicholasj a bit of a problem with that... you Live in America i live in Scotland  if you come here we will play lol
@saintnicholasj awww im bored too 
@saintnicholasj that sucks  i dont either... i may go play my wii soon
@Saints1973 they're not nice colleagues u got 
@saintsammy I can't 
@SaithJC I want to get tickets, but i dont know how! 
@SaiyoukoSensei Italy, Greece and Scotland, I can't wait. I hope I get swine flu though. 
@SaiyoukoSensei Yes....... yes it does. 
@Sak_Pase I guess u ain like me den.. My hair cut short..  lol
@sakeguy mmm sounds like home! Miss it  What are you going to do on this Friday night in Hawaii?
@saketome http://twitpic.com/5ofpw - awwwwww too cute! makes me miss my westie back home in NZ 
@sakhi_ Aise hi bored of tweeting  Other things on mind.
@saki_kei WAAA hope you can find disc out soon!! good luck! poor u 
@sakiwaki Unfortunately no 
@sakiwaki we're not getting UP till 10th Sept 
@sakixry @Faith_83 Not really sure, but I think it was 3. We lost it for a bit after midnight. I was checking through the day. No 1 
@sakixry I totally understand u! 
@Saknika Ahhh. So the banker doesn't always win o.o &amp;&amp;! What happened to #TweetDeck? Your tweets show they be coming from the Web now 
@Sal_aka_PlaYz thats illegal :o im disappointed..  
@sal_Mor I sure do! I haven't ate since yesterday evening 
@sal1k have not yet decided what to put in it -- it's a SMALL tank, so the shrimp i want is prolly out of the question.  beta is likely...
@sal52 dont be sad  i love you!
@SalaamFreeland no 
@Salamandroid its not just you - its properly dragged this week 
@salandpepper ...or even just Peter, I know 
@salandpepper Congestion, headache, runny nose and sneezing - not a good look for me  My family is currently boosting the tissue industry
@salandpepper I might get back on later - mrs is out at a meeting - but depends on boy. He's just been sick apparantly 
@salandpepper I saw your pretty face earlier but now you've gone again - playing a game of Twitter peekaboo! Auditors in all week 
@salbrecht that's when the sales meetup is on! 
@salbrecht You were reading my mind! I am waiting for some subject removal documents, it is not looking good  I'll dm if I get them soon.
@SalClemente I read an article bout cattle &amp; the milking process,after that I just see disgusting images in my mind,so no ice cream 4 now 
@saldtprecords dang near snowing, its snow flurries  from sandals to boots again. crazy
@saleemkhan  No love from Bing? I got red roses, surprisingly. But Bing got my name wrong. You'd think a search engine would get it right!
@salemonz Great work! Plz keep the tweets coming - note: I'm jealous I could not attend... 
@SalemPsalms I'm down for whatever...everyones been bragging bout your beats but I aint heard nothin? 
@salidatious 
@saligator yikes!  that's really sucky.    whatever it is, i hope it loosens its grip on you soon.
@SalinaPerez21 I know the feeling! I get distracted with my kids and hubby! I just found out I got a D in my algebra class! 
@SalioElSol08 im so with the celtics but im not with the LAKERS 
Sleeepin at jocelyns, with lee. Missing BRAT  ..
Sleeepppy headed to the airport..  class in 4 hrs
Sleeept in, finally getting ready to leave. Feel bad about sleeping in, should have set my alarm for once. 
Sleeepy, need an early start tomarrow 
Sleeepy... but too late for a nap 
Sleeepy.....!  and its rainy. Yuck. Don't wanna work.
Sleep :]. My foot hurts 
sleep away my sorrow 
Sleep away the pain 
Sleep cometh not to those who must re-potty train thy cats 
Sleep deprivation is affecting me now, cant lift my head 
Sleep deprivation is not your friend.  Shoot me?
sleep early tonight...visiting Aunt in hospital early in Philly. 
sleep evadin me @ the moment.  who's next, post-Incubus: The Cure, Franz Ferdinand, or Sarah McLachlan?
sleep finally....week starts tomorrow 
Sleep hates me tonight so I hate it right back #xa @AnonymousDave - I'm thinkin b/c my 5 month on the 23rd is coming up? Fear? IDK 
Sleep help hopefully. Took ambien &amp; watching the History Channel (sure thing usually) sleepy tea &amp; lights off. Quiet bedroom = loud brain 
Sleep is addicting 
Sleep is amazing i hate waking up 
Sleep is eluding me... its almost 2AM and not a wink of sleep  #fb
Sleep is for the weak... I wish I were weak 
Sleep is not something to take advantage of, I have to walk to school 
Sleep is such a waste of time. I wish I could get by on 3-4 hours of it instead of needing 6-8 
sleep my long lost love.. where are you  wehh...  5 hours sleep only .. if im lucky.. grrr....
Sleep now to be up for work in 2 hours. 
sleep please  mind is about to crash and burn
sleep really isn't working out for me. 
sleep seems like a good idea  poor love at work till 6am.. bad times
Sleep soon. Up early 
sleep soon... i just hate saying bye and see you tomorrow for the night. 
Sleep time  got to work ten hours tomorrow... But then transformers!!!! Yay!!!!
Sleep time! it's 2:00am.. 
sleep time. hope I don't have any totally unfair dreams again. 
sleep time... had a fun nite playing board games and wii !! work early tomoz  but sleep in on tues !
sleep time.... lots of work to do before monday.... 10pg paper, sociology paper and presentaion, art power point, and lots of 3D art work 
sleep time...about time...gotta take Mitch to camp in the morning pretty sad I cant stay...so weird not going to camp 
sleep too much  such a pig 
Sleep with bruised elbow hurts! Its on my sleep-on side 
sleep!  work 8 to 4 and then class 6 to 10... ughh long day tomorrow 
sleep! waking up at 5 have to go and take a test at 8  wow on a saturday, they have no lives!
sleep! zzz... but all alone 
Sleep, sad movie  but so good, seven pounds, rent it, watch it with kleenex
sleep, then drivers ed. push play moves tomorrow 
sleep. goodnight. early sunday for me 
Sleep... Now! Tomorrow mosdef CANNOT be a lazy day. I'm craving El Pollo Loco. 
sleep.... why do you avoid me? 
Sleep...finally!!! Work @ 7am though 
sleep/work, sleep/work....i hate exam 
Sleep?   I don't know the meaning of the word.  Stress?  Now that is equal to me.  
sleep? please b nice to me tonight if u dont come thru for me any other night now would be the time...either that or Amp'd in the morning 
sleep? what's sleep again? I've seem to have forgottten the meaning. too much on my mind. or it's just my usual insonmia. 
sleep? what's that?! 
Sleep? Where are you? You should have taken me over by now... C'mon sleep! 
sleeped until 2 pm  have to do some work 4 school 
sleepies &amp; work early 
Sleepin all day 
Sleepin on the floor of my brother's apartment reminds me of my Invisible Children days 
sleeping , ...I have a really BAD headache!!! 
sleeping alone tonight  goodnight
Sleeping alone tonight! 
sleeping at a friend today x3 whats going on with u!? donï¿½t understand .. 
sleeping at justins then work in the am til 8 
Sleeping at my dad's house tonight since Master has to wake up early.  First time we've slept apart in a long time.  
sleeping dreaming of my beautyfull wife i love you  M.M.B. 
sleeping early cos I'm gonna head up north early. sorry @jashMENow &amp;@byeangelo  i'll try to talk to you guys tmo.
sleeping early tonight! working all morning tomorrow! 
Sleeping FAIL. When you have to get up at 6 a.m. anyway, it is a bloody shame to sleep fitfully and wake up at 5:30. 
Sleeping in @PrincessAymis's bed without @PrincessAymi. I don't like it! 
Sleeping in is a poor start to the week 
Sleeping in is a sin. I always wake up with a headache. 
sleeping in moses lake didnt have sex 
sleeping in the living room on the couch. there is a spider or something in my room that bit me and now i have huge marks on my chest 
Sleeping in till 1:30 in the afternoon doesn't make me very happy 
sleeping in. Good last dance show. Its over!! 
sleeping is a huge struggle for me recently 
sleeping is for the weak, oh how i wish i was weak. 
Sleeping on a flat air bed. So, a basically sleeping on the floor. 
Sleeping on the bus to work. Today probably wont be a good one. 
Sleeping on the couch tonight 
sleeping over at katrinas. I hate being home alone!! And now my dog is home alone... 
Sleeping soon. I am so tired and have a minor headache 
sleeping time. night night!! miss my babe. 
sleeping too much  Hey everyone don't forget to vote for @ashleytisdale at TCA http://bit.ly/zSgo !!!!!
Sleeping with i snorer. This sucks. Ha ha. Sad day tomorrow. 
sleeping with my lesbian lover... sorry tucker      @mackloveschrist
Sleeping with the window open makes me sad for the crying kitties in the neighbors backyard. I just wanna feed them and give them hugs 
Sleeping. NBA season over  http://myloc.me/3T8o
sleeping. tomorrow im gonna be at a baby birthday party.. i forgot all about it 
sleeping... would've been home sooner but we accidentally killed bambi on the way home 
SLEEPING..TWITTERNATION! (Btw...600 updates! boo-yah! But gianna has 800  lol lol lol aka @bubblygirl101) {20}~DAYZ.LEFT!
sleepingg!..before going back to work at 5. 
Sleepinggg with my allergy 
sleepinq bitches ; missinq my honey bun munchkin butt  O529O9 ?
Sleepless at 4:15am... 
Sleepless in Cape Town.... YAWN... Yet another cold day to add to the list.  Already wishing summer was here! 
Sleepless in Scottsdale... Hubby is in Cali. 
sleepless in seattle...er, arlington. 
sleepless night  thanks to the new pup and sweety   **yawn**
sleepless night.  i need a good book. nothing appeals right now.
Sleepless nights are the worst when you really want to dream 
sleepless nights.. Now at school till 6'o clock.. Afterthat working at school 
Sleeptime. Broken promises suck 
sleeptt the entire afternoon/evening, no twitter!  oh and i just had butter chicken for dinner, it was SEX
sleepy - been so lazy today!! 3 days till London baby!! Wish I had someone to share the nights with  sometimes I miss the asshole ex.
Sleepy  it's beautiful outside tho.
sleepy &amp; hungry ...1 hour 6 minutes left in class 
Sleepy about 2 hit the hay...loves the bestie. Highschool is all a memory now 
Sleepy after lunch.  Eaten too much?
Sleepy again.... 
Sleepy and annoyed. Some girl grabbed the library's only copy of D2:The Mighty  Ducks before I had a chance. 
sleepy and cold.  I hate today. Me no feel good. bye bye twitter. bye.
sleepy and my tummy hurts. 
sleepy and waiting for disappointment. i wish patrick would come nap with me 
Sleepy as fuck droppin my friend off in chino!! Ugggghhh 
sleepy as hell, no cupcaking tonight 
Sleepy at work...today has been such a loooong day 
Sleepy brain, but I can't seem to fall back to sleep... No es bueno... 
Sleepy from dinner at the governor's mansion! Have to study for org 2 test 
Sleepy girl. Don't know how I supposed to do this all summer 
Sleepy n hungry....this sucks 
Sleepy now  still gotta drive back home tho
Sleepy sleepy sleepy. I can't party for almost a week straight anymore. 
Sleepy time - working tomorrow. 
Sleepy time and I have to wake up early tomorrow to set up for camp  Ah well, night tweeps.
sleepy time, (: tonight, i miss McFly for some reason  ah well, see them soon, and the many english friends I made in southend night all x
Sleepy time. But need to finish drama first. 
Sleepy time. Ugh. Mondays  @ John Muir Dr http://loopt.us/tYevbA.t
Sleepy time? I guess. My tummy hurts.. 
Sleepy times! Wish that one spot on my back would stop hurting 
sleepy! my ankle hurts and the thunder woke me up! work time 
Sleepy! Wish i was home with my kids 
Sleepy, bt still ain't ready 4 da imo training tmrw 
Sleepy, sleepy, sleepy..didn't sleep to well last night  At work until 3pm today, then off to the gym.
sleepy, sunday lunch before we go away! leave for cyprus on wednesday morning, why is my schedule always jampacked? 
Sleepy, tired and not feeling well... The price of working at least 20 hours a day for 4 consecutive days...  
Sleepy, wish I could hang with @JctBoyz all day 
sleepy. gotta work early 
Sleepy. Headache from toothache. I need to have a wisdom tooth removed. 
Sleepy. I have to work at 7 in the morning for the third day in a row 
Sleepy. Sleepy. Sleepy. I wish I didn't wake up this early in the morning in the middle of summer. 
Sleepy. Stupid 'nother week of class 
sleepy.. the things i would do to be under my covers 
sleepy.. z,Z i want to sleep but i cant sleep. whats my problem! headache 
sleepy..! tommorrow first day of summer classes 
sleepy... and missing my weakness 
sleepy... but many things to do 
Sleepy... But sleeping is such a waste of time 
Sleepy..... But have lots of work to do ... 
SLEEPY....... NOT WANTING TO GO TO SCHOOL OMG EXAMS NEXT WEEK  IM JUST READY FOR SCHOOL TO BE OUT
sleepy...missing Bryar cause he's leaving 
sleepy/have a cold again/looking for a good topic for my research  who have a good one tell me
Sleepyhead -_- but I can't sleep. 
sleepytime nows. wanna wait for dad to come home though  mums driving me crazy as usual. nightnight! x
sleepyyyy....humiliating moment today. ahhhhh 
sleepyyyyyy but on the phone and home alone 
Sleepz. Needz. But mommy won't let me. 
sleeve is done. love it. no more tattoos til i get the firebird paid for now tho 
Sleppless with a ear ache 
slept 10 hours,but still feel tired...lost 8 pounds in 10 days...-I think i am pushing to hard with trainings...need to take a rest... 
Slept 12 hours haha ! But now I DON'T want to study math !! 
slept 3 hours last night 
Slept a little bit, but again I woke up from coughing and my lungs hurt like hell 
Slept a little. Yay. Train in a few hours.  x
Slept abysmally last night- restless and weird dreams.  Totally shattered. 
Slept all day now can't sleep at night 
slept all day, people wouldn't leave my house, bought supplies.  now its too late start new project 
Slept around 11.30PM then woke up around 1AM. Slept again. Then woke up around 3AM. Slept again. Then woke up around 5AM. 
slept away the day...not feeling so hot.  damn cold
slept crappy last night. Not cute 
slept for 12 hours and still tired. want some frosted ekelonz to start my day! i want saturday again 
Slept for a good twelve hours. It was inspired by crazy rain and comfy blankets. All it lacked was a fluffy kitty 
Slept for about 3 hours and now working an 8 hour shift.   gonna suck
slept for almost 11 hours straight and still tired ! better not be getting sick 
slept for half an hour over my sheets of eagleton, reading makes so tired 
Slept for less than 5 hours and having a splitting headache now  No time for an afternoon nap grrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Slept for like, 12 hours. Awesome. Though, shitty weather sucks. Was about to go into town and buy Trainspotting.  FUCK!
Slept for more than half a day... Ready for food now (I miss Australia  ) #fb
Slept funny so back hurts, don't want to get up for work 
Slept great on the road trip but now that I'm home I'm back to my usual amount. 
Slept in ;O rushhing to get readyy now! 
slept in and missed doctors appointment... 
Slept in later than usual.... But still very tired 
slept in till 1 p.m. - wasted the day 
Slept in today!  After working Sat &amp; Sun, I needed it! The conference I am at officially starts this afternoon. Me-Karen= 
slept in today, no library for me   munching out on a pot noodle instead, they're really not that nice....
slept in way to late!... now for a run 
Slept in, totally hayfevered up and in such a rush to make it into work on time i left my phone at home  Mondays suck!!
Slept in, was late to work 
Slept in.. no overtime for me today  Leaving for the Jays game in 30 mins...All You Can Eat Section w/ my little bro.
Slept less than 5 hours last night. I hope I'm not cranky and overtired all day @ the Renewable Energy Fair. 
slept like a baby but not for long enough :/ soooo sore...and physics is gonna kick my ass 
slept like shit last night  hair appointment tonight, brown be gone!
Slept long enough to prepare for a busy night! Baby Haven then straight to the restaraunt...  I need hours and $$...
slept most of the day away... and still has to do some hardcore studying for Monday's bio quiz... and Tuesday's math exam. Ugh   
slept on my neck wrong again.. can't turn my head to the right 
Slept the whole day. Head hurts and I'm a bit warm. Boohoo. 
Slept through church 
Slept too late to go run this morning.  
slept too much earlier in the day (til 2 p.m.), chevy's w/ yummy ice cream cake, &amp; now hopefully some &quot;curb&quot;! almost done w/ season 5 
Slept two hours. Couldn't shut my brain off. On my tough final and I can't even think 
Slept until now. Really miss swimming but have to wait until my chest clears fully. 
slept very well.take a shower now.have to do my tax declaration today  very,very boring
Slept well, but woke up with a headache (no, not a hangover ;)). That's not a good start of the day 
slept wrong 
slesersrigai.lv down sesdienas r?t?  Ain?rs noteikti gu? ...
Sliced my damn lip!!  not cool!! Oucch
sliced my finger open on a knife while doin dishes. real deep. i was bleedin for the past 20 minutes. it hurts 
Sliced open my finger on the metal shower door while cleaning...I'm as clutzy as Bella.  Gotta clean up blood now 
sliced some really powerful peppers for dinner. Now fingers hurt like hell... 
Sliced the end of my thumb off peeling potatoes for the roast last night, OUCH!  Slept with my hand in the air to stop it from throbbing 
slides written for Monday   Now onto the next project - not sure what to do next, all my urgent tasks are horrible and difficult 
slight date change for interview, nowt serious though can't go to football now  o well
Slight headache.. Throat hurts.. Runny nose.. I think im sick 
Slightly better version. Posted the wrong one earlier. Sky is still blown out, sadly  Love the shot tho http://yfrog.com/7grxqj
slightly depressed dont think ive lost any weight this week 
Slightly depressed that all my loves are at 2 dolla u holla at the ole landmark and im stuck in ptown 
Slightly disappointed with Conchords last night 
Slightly drunk  oh dear
slightly drunk, and have a meeting in the city at 8am. Good night twitter. Hello 5.15am alarm 
Slightly drunk, dreading waking up tomorrow 
Slightly P-O'ed this morning that CW isn't renewing &quot;The Game&quot; and &quot;Everybody Hates Chris&quot;, now Tyra's the only sista holdin it down 
slightly procrastinating over the spoof email sent (apparently!!) from my hotmail a/c... what a drag.. 
Slightly sunburnt. Ugh. Pool hair = not cool. 
Slim pickin's on the DVR lately, all my fav shows are in season finale mode   Bball is almost over too - dog days of summer...
Slinking home after a red sox loss. 
Slip burned down. No more dope skate setups. 
slipped &amp; came crashin, rollin dwn 1 flight of stairs...ouch!...Jennifer-Lopez-Asset's hurtin badly 
Slipped up and caught the flu  feeling like poop!
slipping back into a funk.  i wish it was the weekend so i could bum around.
Slooow day at work 
Slovakian country side is a refreshing change compared to tarmac and cars, but I am a city boy and need the tarmac 
slow afternoon  I'm kinda BORED
slow day at the binghamton country club 
Slow day at work again. Lovely night out in Boston, expect when I came home and noticed my flip-flop full of blood-Treating my little toe 
Slow day at work!!! Bye bye revenue comps 
slow day slower net 
Slow evening on the social networks 
Slow internet connexion should be declared a crime 
Slow Internet sucks because I can't watch The Tudors. 
slow love x&amp; nasty song day being that its raining 
Slow Monday at the Donut Shop 
Slow morning, still aching; too bad I'm required at school today 
Slow moving Wednesday... don't you just love to hear when one of your projects gets &quot;dumbed-down&quot; because of cost? 
slow net. Far from the router.  Dang it.
slow on the uptake, but Summer Sundae: I Am Kloot and Human League on the same bill! Weird, but appealing. Also: sold out 
slow start this morning....need coffee. 
Slow start to the day today...this heat is just squashing my will to move. And its only 730am!!! 
Slow twitting for another week till I get back. 
Slowed down so much this afternoon  Losing concentration!
Slowest sunday night ever   
Slowly breaking my addiction to Burt's Bees.  Excited about shooting with Leslie Jordan yesterday and Mink Stole today!
Slowly dying at Old Town, want to sit down and cry already, cannot do this essay writing anymore 
slowly falling asleep.... still no affection from him.... 
Slowly losing the will to live with my dossier. Still need to do the &quot;public opinion&quot; section and the conclusion (2 hardest parts).   
Slowly on the bridge 
slowly realising Gencon UK may be up the pooper this year. 
slowly sewing....very very very slowly. 
Slowly waking up... Still miss ryan, don't wanna work tomorrow 
Sluggish saturday..In Office 
slumber party minus paul and megan cuz theyre leaving 
Slumdog Millionaire is a decent flick, hadn't seen it till tonight. I'm just home and prob wont sleep tiil the early hours.. boo! 
slurrped down a go gurt and is getting ready for school  will june 17 come sooner
Smackdown was awesome! Now back to the real world tomorrow 
Small child with a cough in bed with me.  I'm pretty sure he's OK but he's a grump 
small pixel crunch really devastating in natural, low light photography (most of my work). mega-pixel race, is now purely for marketing 
small problem when testing the php/mysql demo, need to use two seperate browsers to test otherwise the cookie code gives me same name 
small thing to a giant i can overcome this....at least thats what i have to keep tellin myself 
Smalltalk Design Patterns Companion finally came.. and my Physics one, not in such good condition as I hoped it would be. 
smallville tonight.. which i can't watch coz cornwall has no apparent signal   fuck sake
smart bro is breaking my heart. 
Smart cars are the most worthless cars ever made. &amp; it makes me sad how many of them I see anymore. 
smart me. didnt see where i was walkin &amp; walked into metal bench. awesome bump on my right leg now. 
Smartphone guide: http://twurl.nl/at2g1c But without the #N97 
Smash boutique is going out of business  where am I going to get my diesel fix now? And how come those red pants haven't gone done yet?
Smash why doth u reside in mass?? I need ur retardedness right about now 
smashed into my own maillbox  
smashed my face into a sliding glass door  lol i'm a dumb ass. my nose hurts. &amp; i feel bummed. fuck twitter nobody reads this anyway k bye
Smashed my fingers in Lyns car door last night...my fingers really hurt today 
Smashed my thumb hard tonight. I can see a dark red spot deep underneath. 
SMDH at @Ari_So_Focused being put on Twime Out... I need her right now 
smell ya later seeing as ella ditched me 
Smelling the paint fumes from the remodelling, and really want to air out the house, but it's too muggy... 
smells food, but rice cooker is not done yet 
smells like &quot;ca nuong,&quot;  grill fish   while trying to finish up on her journal club....
Smells like bacon in here. I already ate but it's making me hungry... For bacon. 
smells like dickk in here. o thats just me 
smells like Tiger Balm herbal medicine.  IT BURNS IT BURNS! Got a rash from something I ate at shabu shabu. ;-(
Smelly busride. Old dirty nasty sweat scent 
Smfh, 465.12 in tickets ....although I expected more, still isn't cool @ all bro.  
Smh @ all dese clothes on my bed that I need to hang up =/ I knt even get comfy  smh..I got them 2moro tho
smh @ my mood be switchin like crazy not in the mood feelin like @KILA21 
smh @fre5hJeff he said i dont sound sexy tonight and hung up on me. 
smh @yprince032 now you aint even put the @ symbol next 2 my name. what is going on? lol. and yea i saw. i dont even have one 
Smh at my natural hair. At this current moment right now, my hair so nappy...idk wat length it is anymore.  ~$kittle$~
smh bye ricky hackin my shit,  I WANT CHECKERS!!!! HEY MY BATHING SUITS' SHINY AS SHIT N HERE lmao.. KCG SHAY* @ SAMBAS!!!! YESS!
Smh damn tweople the sun is burniNg me literally! I'm light skinned in my shoulders &amp; torso 
smh i didnt get my *press 5* this morning 
smh I hate when cabs go all around the moberry bush instead of jus taken me to my destination   GRRRRRR!
Smh my sat already messed up britt I'm sorry I cnt make it 2 ya cookout 
Smh!!! @ Myself For Dealing With That BullShit!!  Ugh work early In The Morning. .
SMH!!!! Im sick with this bug that's going around..Almost everyone I know is sick, including me...   
SMH,, i cnt change my twitpic  i want my cute pics from thursday when i had suppa swagg..
smh... and ppl think racism dead 
smh...time to cook...then read 
Smllz and azriel dgaf for Twitter   
Smmfh. Who's Up With Me? I Gotta Fill Out Miami-Dade College Application &amp; Is Sooo Bored 
Smog check. Crossing my fingers for the marshmellow to pass 
smoke comes out of my valve covers breather along with oil...the oil i can understand but smoke can i have something bad internally? 
Smoke restore from LTO take hours  Seeking to block 3895458
smoked 4 over finishing the website ... too much ... damn  4 / 7 / 94
Smokers suck - even outdoors you still stink worse than dog shit. Get with the program fuckwads!  Quit!
Smoking a fag! Long stressful day 
smoking the hookah made my throat hurt 
smoothie is giving me a brain freeze, ouch 
Smoothie time, hope it helps my throat which hurts 
smothered 
Smothering with a cold! 
SMS in threaded view with my LG KS360 sucks big time 
smugmug was down last night   I also found a 50% coupon for the first year.
Smugness gone. My train also failed to turn up so I'm heading for Victoria followed by an unpleasant tube ride to the City. 
Smule's Leaf trumbone app is so sick. That and the ocarina are the best! It would be great if I had an iPhone instead of a touch though 
snacks with steph and ces.  Everyone's surprised and sad about my temporary transfer  http://plurk.com/p/11arqt
Snap back to reality tomorrow... 
Snap. Breaking out again 
snapped my board  getting a new one tomorow!
@SalioElSol08 lol pleeeaaassseeee 
@SalioElSol08 lol you said they were nude in your mind. 
@SalioElSol08 omg... why did you post that  i loved that movie
@SalioElSol08 y is going 2 b sad 
@SalioElSol08 yea lol man I love that movie, it was so cute. I always cry at the end 
@salisburydowns  Sorry to hear you're still not well. Darn cough  Must be taking it's toll on you by now *hugs*
@Salitape eurghhh. that's discusting!  poor you!
@salleegal I can't! I'm only 20! 
@sallie_thatgirl we need to chill.. asap. I have to leave in a couple days again. 
@sallismoney why are you booing me? What did I do to you? Woe is me.. 
@Sally_That_Girl poor L!  
@sally1962 I tried.  I couldn't fall asleep. 
@SallyDMC  sorry  just do the important ones!
@SallyDMC gutted I'm not coming 
@SallyHBewsey http://twitpic.com/7m5wh - Oh dear. Obviously I'm too late. All gone. 
@sallyLFC So did mine  anyway you go and play your drums! I need to go and drink my cocoa and rest my sleepy head, night night!
@sallyorourke Hopefully, I'm not even walking a mile right now....almost 3 months since it started hurting 
@sallyorourke What do you mean by your portfolio is sad?  No luck here.  I've applied about 30 places so far.  
There's going to be a severe thunderstorm and i'm home alone 
There's gonna be a movie on 2012?!  No!!! I can't see it, not even the trailers. I hate thinking about it as it is. I'll have a breakdown.
There's gotta be like 10 million people entering the squarespace competition...there's no chance I'll get one 
There's just no sense in a 22 yr old dying, no sense at all.... 
There's my weekend gone before back to school . I had five hours drama club yesterday and now four hours school play 
There's no cold side of the pillow 
theres no electricity.....  i think its the whole block....
There's no fighting it, I have a cold  I haven't been sick since January though so I guess that's a pretty good run.
Theres no food at my house 
there's no food in the fridge as usual. there's literally only butter. i guess the concept of eating to stay alive has eluded my parents. 
There's no hope 
Theres no hot chicas here 
Theres no kitteh followin me upsturs goin merahhh 
There's No More Me &amp; Him... Its Over 
There's no more red yakult!!!!!!!!! 
theres no Muse tickets left  after ONE DAY! well, it is muse. :'(
theres no need pretending to be someone you're not. just be yourself , dude! tuition l8r w/o clara and jo - how sad 
There's no panini place by my house  I miss Panera!
there's no place like home 
There's no place like Pooooouuuukeepsie...There's no place like Pooooouuuukeepsie. lol Wait I clicked my heels...I'm not there yet? 
there's no quick way to trash multiple d/msgs. and there's no direct pager. twitter is for now-tweeting, not for past-retrieving 
There's no rest for the weary 
THERE'S NO WAY I CAN DOWNLOAD 6000 OVER SONGS JUST TO WIN GLENN  SCREW YOU.
there's no way i'm gonna be able to stay up til 4am 
There's no way in hell we're getting out on time tonight 
theres NO WAY this isn't selling out. 
There's no wifi where we are at, so I will be without internets until Monday night, no BEDA posts either 
There's not a bruise, but my shoulder still really hurts from where it got hit by that car door. 
@sallypnut Too bad it lasts for like 10 seconds. 
@Sallyroberts Jealous, jealous! Hope it's a wonderful night - I'm stuck in the States this summer while election fun is going on 
@SallyRyland  Sorry about that. You can view all the photos here http://www.flickr.com/photos/thinkerx/sets/72157619269423207/
@SallytheShizzle aahh really? pretty sucky ;( omg then i hope the girl doesnt have it cause then it would've spread everywhere 
@sallytheshizzle http://twitpic.com/7sjye - that sun was horrible  it was literally like a fireball of red.
@sallytheshizzle http://twitpic.com/7yve3 - i googled it too    NOTHING!!! it must have been a one off thing. cause they're was al ...
@SallytheShizzle it's okayy.. 
@SallytheShizzle ok so its off private now? on public? thats so weird 
@SallytheShizzle sigh. i'm kinda depressed today, not fair and all of that 
@SallytheShizzle well its not yet official... mum just mentioned it. u can still go with adge anyways. @officialAS oh u went to bed 
@SallytheShizzle woooo!! omg are you serious??? why what's wrong with it  it's sexy Camp Rock clothing haha ... that's right it's AWESOME!
@sallythomsett oh  .The state of roads and paves in UK is terrible these days , even when the 'repair ' them, it only last a few months
@SallyTraffic almost dozed off in the last presentation and the next one is even duller! 
@SallyTraffic ermm, me me me!! 
@SalocinHB  slainte! *takes last sip of prosecco* empty now 
@salspizza I've been here almost a year, have tv in bedroom but haven't tuned it in yet 
@salspizza morning Tony.a bit dull down here today  hopefully it'll pick up like yesterday.busy day ahead?
There's nothing breakfasty at hand.  but I'm tired and don't feel like going to the store.
Theres nothing else i could say. Ehh.. Ehh. Wish you never looked at me that way. Ehh... Ehhhh. . . 
There's nothing like a rainy day along Lake Butte des Morts.  
There's nothing like the smell of a fresh cat deuce while playing #wow dang litterbox. 
Theres nothing like the taste of a home cooked breakfast. Too bad i get microwave sausage biscuits...... 
there's nothing like twitterfox  I don't knw wat went wrong with IT
there's nothing on TV  only films I've already watched for several times
theres nothing on tv on sunday night. i'm bored  oh... eurovision is still on. i'll watch the end of that
There's nothing on TV this early in the morning. 
theres nothing on tv... 
There's nothing that I couldn't say becouse I've said it all before I think it's time to me walk this lonely road all on my own, but..  
There's nothing that simple that some guy can  write obfuscated code to do it in order to show how damn smart he is.... 
There's Nothing To Do Right Now And I'm Tired But I Don't Want To Sleep. Cleaned Up Pretty Good, So Proud. At Least I'd Be A Good Janitor 
Theres nothing to do this sunday. 
there's nothing to do today 
There's nothing to watch at 5 in the morning 
theres nothing to watch but top chef 
there's nothing to watch on tv  going out to find something to rent wonder when 12 rounds come out on dvd
theres nothing worse than a migraine while babysitting 
There's nothing worse than hearing your mom cry. 
there's only 2 actual school days left...that makes me sad...won't get to see my friends for 3 months  esp. 1 of my bestest friends ever.
there's only one more cherry dr. pepper left in the fridge...thank God. im addicted to that stuff but it does sad things to my skin. 
@saltypear @billydecola Thanks for the support re upgrading.  Will put it on my every growing to-do list 
@saluteABADbytch ouch! and to think i was bout to compliment ur default pic   lol
@salutemyshorts NOT YET! i was gng to go tdy, but obv i was sleeping,up until 2 yesterday doing my scrapbook. dng articles now  KILL ME
@sam_1992xx i mean for the album release .. we cant get it midnight 
@sam_ash  why not??
@sam_ash hence why I regret not getting it 
@sam_eng @kaitlo @ torhart i cant hang my parents are on storm duty so i have to babysit! 
@sam_samantha1 I don't know how she did it!  I am sad because I am now hooked 
@sam101554 Thanks for inspiring me to visit Lorn's site.  Jesse's antivirus stopped 4 malicious programs!  He's letting the server know! 
@Sam4God How is she spoilt? She's like 10? 11? That was hard for her to be put up in front of 14m people.  She's really young.
@Sam4God nooo i wanted to go into lesciter sq. on wed! they are depriving me of my haagan dazs (but your problem is alot worse!)  tfl grrr
@Sam7810 i'm sorry, but the cake was mysteriously gone 
@samalam85 i only need 13K by friday and i am golden. double weak 
@samalin24  we are ALMOST DONE though. &lt;3
THERE'S PHOTOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE   
There's problem with the ice cream cone move  No worry, if you visited today, it will be there &amp; so will the sno cone move. Confuseled?!?
There's really nothing to do in Singapore... 
There's sand inside my ipod screen 
There's school on monday  No changing that.
theres so many i love on britains got talent  i would never be able to choose!
there's so much drama with my family and it's over stupidness  #BSB
there's so much to do... don't want to go to school yet 
There's some all over my bed and floor too.  ugh.... No!
There's some ink black clouds outside menacing to drench  #fb
Theres some nice food im the fridge at work, and i really want to eat it, but i dont know whose it is 
There's some obese hipster chick w horrible lipstick here that I can stand. She always wears horrible lipstick 
There's something inherently wrong with working on a Sunday 
There's something on my mind...I can't sleep! 
There's something up w/my host - I can't upload anything. 
There's something very wrong with my voice today (more so than usual.) I can't sing at all.. can't hit any notes, not even the low ones 
There's something wrong with hotmail 
There's still nothing to do on fridays in cleveland! 
Theres still sand on my flipflops.. i miss portugal 
there's still so much work to do!     
there's too much evil temptation food at my mum and grandma's house 
There's too much milk in my cappuccino. I can barely taste the coffee 
There's waaaaay too many adverts on Spotify today..  it's very upsetting.
there's way too many clothes on the floor of my room, it's all too overwhelming, i don't know where to start 
thers not many peole tweeting tonight... well suppose it is friday...evry normal person is out partyin, but im skint 
@samanatrix Hell, I would love my damn gold back, but no, it's gone. 
@Samantha_2008 why are u in pain? are you sick? 
@Samantha_A i was looking my followers and i saw that you are not one mine 
@samantha_ftw I wan't an iPhone too.  Fml.
@Samantha_Mae yeah our tickets were like $360 each. Bummer 
@Samantha_Mayy me too. got 7 exams!  good luck on your maths exam! x
@samanthaann123 I mean it just seems to be disappointment after disappointment with the @JonasBrothers lately. Maybe it's time to move on 
@samanthabates im at work 
@samanthabates ye im the same and im also getting mail saying i have new followers but there not comming up on twitter 
@samanthablews aha i know i didnt want to believe it. but now its official  way to ruin my #barakatday #barakatday #barakatday #barakatday
@samanthablews yupyup. I was near eastern creek today 
@SamanthaCaved what's up dollface? you can come over an cuddle if ya want, I can't get back to sleep. 
@samanthaceparti I'm actually cravinggg itttttt 
@samanthacorriee i miss everyone 
These 2 days have been the suckiest time of my life  I SWEAR
These Alzheimer's Projects are so sad 
These are the days i wish i had my own room  http://tinyurl.com/l2bdoj
These are the last words rapped on every song of Eminem's Relapse album, in order. Pleasingly eclectic but a little repetitive.  
These blankets are so sooft. I'm gonna fall asleep.. I've also had too much to drink 
these budgets cuts from the state have fucked up my school plans 4 the summer! The class i was going 2 take got cancelled. I want 2 cry 
These bug bites are 1 inch in diameter each. 
these celebs only reply to other celebs.. 
These chicks toenails are so black wtf. I thought she had polish on already. 
these coughing fits waking me in the middle of the night is really pissing me off! the most cruel part? my alarm will go off in 35 mins 
These cramps are killlin' my party mood 
these days i m often late for college.  bad 
These days staying up late needs a good reason (like party/ beer).. watching John Hughes movies &amp; playing Civ doesn't really qualify 
These decisions I make...jus these decisions. Give me discernment 
these freaking whitening strips make my teeth soooo sensitive  but my teeth are amazingly white :O
These green apples aren't as sour as I like them. 
These guys will be my undoing   http://yfrog.com/3o2kxj
These hard times- @Matchbox20 
these hiccups are making my tummy hurt worse 
These honey smacks aren't as satisfying as i thought they would be     .......i have to get my tonsils taken out in a couple days :'(
these injections are nasty 
These kids are terrible! If I was in Good Evans, I'd call Childline 
These lab pcs don't have office 07 installed 
These lesson plans are not making for an exciting night 
these long drives have made me a twitterwhore 
These new games on my phone can't replace soduku  going work looking very camp with my new hair
These new headphones make my piercing hurt 
these nights are damn sticky, and mysteriously un-breezy. time to cave and buy a damn AC unit.  sweaty tank tops 
these ninjas are wayyyyy too goodfor my taste, lol. great for them, horrible for us addicts  k hasn't been seen all day either?
These pants hurt my knee bruise so bad. 
THESE PEEPS GOTTA FOLLOW ME....... 
These people are crazy!! Its like they are always watching me..waiting 4 my next mistake. They already attacked me multiple times tonight 
these people are driving me crazy, Im a human being you know? yet all there is to talk about is one subject, so frustrating 
These people are eating burgers and I'm fucking starving  I can smell their chips
these pictures are taking forever to fucking upload -___- ima be up at this the whoooole fucking nite 
THESE RAIN DROPS ARE HUGE! 
These Seattle Mariners are breaking my heart! 
These shoes are beautiful, but they hurt. I have been wearing them since 10:00am. Bad. Idea  http://twitpic.com/6d2ku
These shoes are literally cutting off the circulation to my toes 
these shoes!!!! i miss toruing 
these sites get on my nerves it said come back at 9...its now 10 and i still cant get on it 
these tears won't stop on falling again .... 
These thighs need to go..... 
These trees are in the way   http://twitpic.com/68vxi
These two weaks were to short! WAY to short 
these weekly concalls from 9-10pm really screw up my tuesday nights. 7-8 or 12-1 would be much preferred but noooo i don't get to decide. 
These Westside Healthcare vids are bumming me out.  
Thesis: the making of. DepressÃ£o total.  the final countdown...
They all tell me, â€œGet over her. Youâ€™ll find someone better!â€? â€¦But, how can I find someone better if I already found the best one? 
they all went back to Virginia 
They are all busy or out of town.... 
They are getting a divorce 
they are going to execute the wrong guy!  he has such a friendly face
They are interviewing Robert Dziekanski's mother on the radio right now  Such a sad story, RCMP really fucked up.
they are not taken meaning no Zadrans exist. I cant keep my last name 
They are onto us. 
They are putting the new roof on...yay...not Its so loud 
they are saying on the radio that they've found that some fast food has a high level of saturated fat- why did nobody tell me 
They are showing BBC news with the Air France crash story... probably not the best choice at this time but it is top news.  
They are way too big 
They bleeped out the major insult/threat  lol
They brought it from home and refuse to share.  their sister is practicing baking so they get cakes and pies every night...
They call it the graveyard shift. Ecuse you feel like your dead when your done! Excuse me, while I pass out... I need a new job. 
They cancelled on me, no more drunk bowling and hot dogs in Billyburg... 
They chopped down the tree in front of our old house! what friggen villains! dang way to ruin my night 
They cooked Spam for breakfast. I don't eat Spam. I'm stuck with fried eggs. 
They cover like 50% of her face and makes every girl look good. Confuses the hell out of me. 
they cut off all my gansta fur dreads     never getting my fur trimmed again
They described me as &quot;Likable.&quot; Unfortunately they were looking for someone &quot;Loveable.&quot; 
they didnt accept me for the job 2day cause i put &quot;gang bang&quot; in my resume and apparently thats not team work 
They didnt have my camera  now off to cookeville
they didn't have navel piercings  so got lobes. curiously impulsive, yes?
they didn't pick me...now i have to wait 12 more months til i can try to be in a jury fml 
They don't fit WTF 
they don't have the book in stock 
They don't have uni at this sushi bar 
they don't ship victoria's secret's pink fragrance to malaysia!? 
They finally killed Bill  - http://bit.ly/4B5vmz
They forced me to change my desk to another one near my lovable creature of all.. I am so sad, bored, and willing for escape 
They forgot. 
They fryin fish, got meat on da grill *pause* and sellin o-cups out front!  I should've known! ... But da coon in me...smh...   
They got a new rule to where only one person can leave at a time,so i have to eat lunch all alone 
They have an app to make your icons look like the iPhones icons. Too bad its not for the newer blackberrys! 
They have been singing this for an hour!  No good will come of this. ? http://blip.fm/~5z300
They have my whole school and the clients in one room...they said tornados!!  
they have sims 3 for itouch(: ! but its 10 dollars..i only have 15 left for itunes and ppl are saying it crashes alot  should i get it?
They have those dumb convex benches like the ones at the Standard at the airport too. They are really hard to sit on 
They just layed off 23 teachers in the city near me  I wonder if I should be thinking about not going into that jobfield...
they just leave  omg wanna cry ..
they just left so sad  lol
They just made me switch houses. I am now in Luther-King.......(makes sad face) 
They just picked up my lil red car to go to explorer heaven.  
They just spent the whole time perving on Megan Fox... Ok, so she is pretty hot. But I felt left out  LOL
they just wanted to suck my toes 
They just went inside Henry Muhlenberg's church on &quot;Drive Thru History&quot;. They don't build churches like that anymore. 
They keep putting this kid out every ining but tell him he can play the next one an he never does. he looks so sad. 
They keep taking my phone !    .. hahahahahahahahaha!
they kicked us out at 11:30.  i didn't get to finish my pot.  
they laughed at my accent and said i speak krio like those white women in the peacorpsâ™¥they said i needed to go back home. i agree 
They look alike in some videos but in some they look like complete different people! But in a video it's FOR SURE that it's one person! 
They lose the toss   #Pakcricket
they missed the most important one  WHERES PATRICK? D: http://www.buzznet.com/cp/galleries/photos/audreyfox-starswithglasses/
They pulled fleury. 
they r cutting down trees and I am stuck at the casa 
They r making me take out my eyebrow ring!  any suggestions?
They raised our rent! 
They raised the prices at work which means people are tipping less. Yay 
They ran out of towels at tanning.  work at 5
they really end their 3rd album promotions. and i miss them already 
THEY SAID MY NAME FUCKING WRONG OMG 
They say classes will resume tomorrow.  I am still too lazy to wake up early.
They say I'm contagious, thus they gave me this mask..  (Photo courtesy of Chantika) http://mypict.me/4faZ
They say money doesn't buy happiness.  I'd be happy if I had the money to fix my friggin air conditioner.  
they say silence is golden. Well not if you're hoping someone will text you. 
They say they &quot;fixed&quot; me...I say the BROKE me 
they say they can't fix my mac  now i need xtra bday luv...poor imac *sigh*
They seem different now  i miss them!
they should be streaming Wimbledon for free online 
they shouldn't have killed #michaelscofield in #prisonbreak....It's so sad 
They shouldn't let so many people on trains when its this hot 
They should've made a series 3 of Pushing Daisies 
They shrunk the marshmallows in lucky charms 
They spelled my name wrong on my yearbook cover. I just noticed it 
they split up   
They stole over 800 pounds from me 
THEY STOPPED MAKING VANILLA CHAI!!!! 
they surrounded Shiraz university, and took the students with them. who knows if they are alive.   #iranelection #iranians #iran9
They then it's alright to add me on last.fm 
They think a tornado touched down in NC last night. Pray for the ones who have lost their homes, belongings and loved ones. 
They took away my state room and have me sharing an office onshore  worst day of work everrrr
They took down the college or weed sign! I didnt believe @lexiefrise when she told me 
They turned off the warm water for 3 days at my block! painful to shower ice cold ! my dick is hidding up my ass 
They wanna take BLOOD! I haaaaaaaate needles.  I think I'm bout to cry forreal.
They were all sold out in my size!  No new shoes.
They were filiming Cake Boss in Hoboken today. Didn't get there in to take pics for my tweeps 
They were gone this time last year  but whatever new CT show tonight!!!
They were looking for a class rep and tried to nominate me. But I couldn't think of anything positive to say about our program.  
they were sold out of Twix and Snickers  but...
They were sooo mean!  im not the only one with imperfections
They were well repaired [obvious] but looks like it's not enough 
They weren't on the plane.  I hope everything is alright. I get so worried when it comes to that side of the family. SIGH.
They woke me up early today 
They won't fit my feet  @LakaiLTD: Where The Wild Things Are LE's dropping 10/1 with the movie's 10/16 premiere http://yfrog.com/0w7rzpj
they won't play my cd  http://twitgoo.com/oidi
They would have to play me and his song when im here... 
They wouldnt let up wait at the place so we walked around tin corner to some restaurant. Of course, dripped fucking sauce on me. Stained. 
they'd told me HD was bad and I should come in and backup for replacement but it's not starting nds replacing. Just wasted 2hrs coming in 
They're 12 and gonna be 15.. Where in da world does da time go? My niece too.. She was just a butterball ystrdy n ma nephew 4mos already 
they're always stoners jerks or alcoholics. WTF 
They're booing 88  not nice
they're both dead.  http://yfrog.com/5j2syj
They're canceling Nickelodeon Magazine?  http://bit.ly/wdowH
they're damn hurting 
They're doing a remake of FINAL DESTINATION even though the movie is only 10 years old???  Hollywood &amp; Rap have both died. 
They're doing it now   I seriously need a lock for my door.
They're Gon Expect Me To Go,My Stomach Hurts Feel Lik I Have To Puke!  Let Me Get Ready Ugghh Hot 97 is Makin me Sick 2 Same songz ova+ova
they're leaving tomorrow and i'm nostalgic. I want it all again  â™« http://blip.fm/~7ighg
they're making ten things i hate about you into... a tv show?  http://bit.ly/9kFdO  i hate everything.  
They're moving cattle across the road and all I can smell is cow. 
They're playing 'I love rock n roll' ...sadness...it makes me miss Byanca  
They're re-paving Transit Rd. And the smell is unbearable. That black top tar smell makes me sick. 
they're singing a johnny cash song.. not sure of the title 
Theyre starting to board.  goodbye Hawaii! 
Theyv gone back to old crap, 
they've added a long-lost new zodiac. am now an aries. am seriously devastated 
They've changed the soap in the men's loo and it doesn't smell of marzipan anymore. I miss the marzipan soap 
They've closed the Snake Park, now The Bird Park is next... (money matters) What next? soon there will be no place to take our children. 
They've got confused between learning disabled and mentally ill on X-Files tonight. 
They've reopened some streets, lotsa Laker fans still wandering, but where'd the hot dog stands go?? 
they've used different rolling stock on train this morning, fewer seats in each carriage 
Thievery Corporation  lemondta a turnï¿½jï¿½t 
thiking of goin to the library but not realy convincing myself 
Thing I hate most about parenting -- feeling helpless other than TLC when my kids r sick 
thing i like least about being in ann arbor? Faulty power ... sitting in the dark, twittering by generator-power 
Thing looking worse for Brits this weekend 
Thing One just fell out of bed 
Thing2 coughing her guts up in bed  fuck i hate winter
Things /seem/ OK atm - though I know they're not 
Things are looking up...it's going slow but I'll take it! Loving my Lil man who's already 5 months old  I wish their was a pause button...
Things are so fucked up at the garage at work. I hope everything settles down soon 
things are starting to slow down. 
Things are still the same 
Things aren't looking good for sister's dog. It's either paralyzed, painful life or put to sleep. Will know more on Monday. Poor Jack  
Things are't going well with the bf... 
things chance  http://bit.ly/vw601
Things could be better.. i'm sorry for always ruinin everything. 
Things don't always be perfect . 
things getting difficult, it's not the same anymore... 
Things go from bad to worse. Now four people are out at work. Doesn't look like Fire of Brazil is going to happen 
things i don't like about summertime in the south: humidity &amp; bugs  
Things I hate: Constantly being reminded of my ex. Cute boys who have to work with me. &amp; fraternization rules.  haha
Things I haven't done for a while aren't coming through now  - Grr. Load yourself Pokerface.
Things I'm feeling now: angry, sad, heartbroken, emotional, more sad, more heartbroken, upset, and bloody pi**ed off     
things jst kp gtin worse nd worse, y do thngs lke dis alwys happen 2me 
Things like having to change my default zip code on weather.com are going to get to me 
Things look like years 
Things not looking good regarding my Wife &amp; I becoming homeowners  Back to the drawing board, evaluating rental properties in same area
Things r not going as planned this holiday weekend, but I'm sure I'll get over it 
Things still haven't changed, it still takes me x many hours to write a simple 2 page paper 
Things take too long to cook without a microwave 
Things went well today! Mike is home from India! He's sleeping right now and has a cold 
Things you find in a men's room (Gene Simmons urinal cake -- talks when it gets wet    http://twitpic.com/7vt9r
think &quot;Mental&quot; is some kind of copy of House M.D.. they even have their own &quot;Cuddy&quot;.. not impressed at all   you copy House-you fail!
think gastric is coming back again. sigh.  i need someone to cook for me. i seriously cannot cook and is super lazy.
Think he is lieing to me  &lt;DADDY'S GIRL&gt;
think i am gettin sick 
Think I am giving up on Ms Twitter  there is no end in sight &amp; I'm almost out of top 20 goal.
think I ate a bad leftover Subway sandwich 
Think I broke Twitter on my Tumblr and Facebook pages. 
think i clean the bedroom and livingÂ´ room now - well actually i should do the kitchen and bathroom either but i hate these ones 
think i feel a migraine coming on. 
Think I got anywhere between 50 and 70 in c4, so I've got to work hard-ish for s2 just in case  U4 and U5 went fairly well though
Think i got food poisoned....sick 
think I have blur sorted, still going to have to drive though  cheapest train is Â£90
think i have swine flu 
Think I just crashed my VM 
Think I may actually still be drunk... Ace of Spaces taste won't go away  fack
Think I may be fighting a migrane. Boo   (winning the #squarespace contest would make me feel better)
think i may have a eye infection 
Think I may have missed @amandapalmer tickets. In LONDON. Boo 
think I might be turning in to the very hungry caterpillar  just keep getting hungry!
@Samanthakhan I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@samanthamarie OD'ing with rain is mean 
@SamanthaMc_x i hve no milk and i wanted cereal lol.  x
@SamanthaMc_x no one wants to come with me to see take that and the saturdays ... take that h8s 
@SamanthaMc_x oh im sorry  well dont feel so bad cause its raining here as well! how was ur day otherwise??
@SamanthaMc_x that's stupid it was only a joke I'm mad now 
@samanthamry because I have to clean up all my photos, I just have too many.I only have around 70 left. 
@samanthamua oh no!  that sucks!! im sorry...feel better!
@SamanthaMulder @zachfelldown It's pretty depressing to think we have to wait until 2010 for #Lost to return 
@samanthanimal i wish i could be at anna's bday! 
@SamanthaOfUM lol that would tiiiiight but idk about money situation! 
@Samanthapapst yes it is, im all alone 
@samanthaperry damn damn daaaammmmmnnnnnnnnn  I registered in JHB, but in Durban now hmf!
@samanthareardon Thanks, Sam  ;)
@samantharonson Hey Samantha, I lost my best birthday present, your sign on the beermat in munich  and now?
@samantharonson http://twitpic.com/3n7gy - I wish I was there with u 
@samantharonson i tried to listen to one of you myspace songs of the day and i cant, your facebook won't let me unless im your friend 
@samantharonson if this is true, I will be so sad  http://tinyurl.com/mssrs5
@samantharonson is so sad  they don't know yet if are somme people still  life AIR FRANCE ..from Brasil to France
@samantharonson play in indonesia, like pleaaasssseeeeeeeee 
@samantharonson Sorry to hear some jerkoff stole your sweater  That can ruin a good night.
@samantharonson that's bad !!! now you should get a new one n try to replace that one 
@samantharonson the worst club in London on a Friday night... 
@samantharonson thx for that Sam.  Just went and checked it out.  Sad 
@samanthascott4 I MISS YOU TOO WHATTTTTTTT THE FUCK. i need my samarama 
@samanthasiahaan same here too... sentosa trip seems to be canceled today 
@samanthasull http://twitpic.com/7bt26 - She looks so cute on my bed lol I miss her 
@Samanthy6 stalkin your squishy now :p they are boys size, im stupid and didnt check sizes 
@Samanthy6 yeah, crazy. But i cudnt afford to get there 
@samar_here well, some of us, took their satuday nap((more than 4hrs ashamed to say  while you were online ...and it is RAINING 
@samara_cully First: You went shopping without me?  Second: Slutty Teacher Outfit? Are you still trying to date Megan Fox?
@Samarie86 that makes me so sad   there were a lot of continuity errors in the 1st one too though
@samarowais i think every now and then about switching networks, but just cant seem to do anything 
@samarowais Well it seems to only work, when it decides it wants to work 
@samarsingla yea man. Seems a tad slower 
@SamAshBray why are you in the chi when i'm noooot! 
@Samatic86 ha ha , damn you ! all that fun without me 
@samb Sorry!    But personally,I'd rather be where you are!
@sambaintv @Glinner 2am, though. Geez 
@SamBennington  YAYYY!!!Iï¿½m sorry..Iï¿½m just a kid hahaha well not really a kid but like @BitchNotAPerson said..naive 
@SamBennington hey Sam! how are u doll? miss u!!!  everything is ok?! happy weekend honey
@SamBennington I pray for him too  WeÂ´ll give u a special #Dravensday
@samberteloot good luck tonight!!!  Please keep me updated: I am not there...  Let me know via #moaa09
@sambhavmehta m gettin better at it wid tym...but still sumtymz it really wearz me out... 
@samblak I can't my dad is leaving for a week and I have to stay home and be a responsible adult tonight. BLAH! Responsibility 
@samblak my hair is wet and my hair dryer is broken. Ugh. I look aweful. 
@samblak that was funny. Loved the look on the cat. Did you have fun tonight? I ended up not going. 
@samboscarino happy you are replying to my tweets for you...not really  (there's a 'lil joke in that, but still it's heartbreaking) ;D
@sambowlerr probably finance on track to see what stock trading is like. Cswk ftw, I only had it in English 
@samcaplat &quot;TAKE THE F***ING CAKE&quot; ... I miss you sam  we need to chat
@SamChampion Make the cold go away! It's suppossed to be May not October 
@SamChampion thats the point - he wasnt thinking - and there r always women lying in wait ready to pounce on men who arent thinking 
@samchaney it gave me swine flu  call me and I can tell you how miserable it was
@samdag I don't think you need the &quot;subtle&quot;. 
@SamDescartes  Laws change in the 70s or 80s.   I could really push it bcause gran from Bathgate, but she was US citizen b4 dad born. 
@samdiazzz yeah my hours of operation are typically 8am until 4am...I require about 4 hours a night for restocking 
@samdj1210 why can't you go? 
@samdowns omfg fuzzy!!!!  RIP lmfao&lt;333333333333333 sure 4 sounds goood
@samebutdiffrnt nooooo i dont want to go to school  i had a month holidays and am happy to stay in holiday mode forever!
@samedog have just driven to K&amp;D Cambridge for stuff could just see mountain - not one snowflake 
@sameelea ok i am glad to know i am not the only one that cant follow wentworth miller either.  im sad too
@sameergupta Aww! I had that for full one month when I had typhoid. I know the pain.. 
@sameergupta I so wish, things not looking too rosy on this side of the world 
@sameergupta sad to know about your accident..  get well soon. (via @mayank)
@SamerKaram but better hurry, so you wouldn't be labeled as copycats 
@SamerKaram see I told you they'd answer to you  pft
@sameyboy He totally failed us. 
@sameyboy i'm not happy about it too. fuck talaga. 
@samfaag come visit me! im all alone 
@samfain i haven't gotten an ALM hug in so long 
@samg7 ?    hope you're doin' okay there, m'dear.
@Samgarcia102 SCOUT def!!!  I'm jealous i cnt be there 
@samgoodnight are you serious?!  in june?!  no bueno dude 
@SamH_34 Because I'm stuck at work  sniff, sniff...............
@samholloway Oof. This is definitely a mild. The last time I had a proper dose, I was in Lower 6th on Lord Mayor's Holidays -- gutted! 
@SamHolmes I don't have any money til next friday 
@SamHowat Glen's a cool guy...got our ABR certification together! I've only been there once since he sold...it will never be the same. 
@sami_bby redbull doesn't work on me 
@Sami_May I want it too, but none of the computers in this house are good enough to run it aside from my brother's 
@sami4peace yeah 
@samiamagirl @stephherzz i agree, i'm trying to hold out hope. wtf they live over here play the west coast  dnw weezer :/
@samiamagirl I wanted to see The Audition on Sunday but its father's day  and my grandpa would be mad 
@samicappola for once i wish i was. 
@Samichi  well my mom wakes me up before it ever gets completed 
@Samiikinz15 dang im sorry i dont check twitter alot!! were you on?! 
@samiilovesyouu NOO!  i didnt hear that part i was to busy freaking about about joe and kevin.
@samilives4music girl years 
@samipeterson EXACTLY like that! 
@samipeterson I have a long day too  let's tweet our favorite quotes all day long. Aha.
@Samira_R passing out on a table and wakin up 2 a guy singin 2 me while every1 was laughin at me ..durin Kareoke night!  and..
@Samirak1002 yo me and my friend wanted to dance but it was only old ppl so we couldnt.. 
@SamiraSaphir welcome to the future 
@SamirBharadwaj You win. I never took philosophy class and won't try to argue that. Happy now? Also, are you implying that I'm a bit dry? 
@samirmishra i already have a bad cold sirji! 
@samishamieh yep   he'll blame israel for the iranian protests too - just like the mullahs are
@samisom I'm going to miss it too!  I don't want to leave! Oh! Did I tell you my family's moving to Anaheim?!?
@samitbasu sadly,i cant even hold a brush straight 
@samjmoody  haha will do (Y) keep tweeting otherwise ill be bored  twitters always boring without your tweets haha xx
@samjmoody  I wish the sun would come out 
@samjmoody i would but the RSPB would be on me case   i wanna just get a big hungry cat or somethin. even with double glazin i hear 'em.
@samjmoody ok thanks anyway lol so hows you im so stress exams at the mo not fair  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@samjmoody sam save me got an exam  xx
@samjmoody They go to the Planet Sock!!   I swear I never get the same socks back that I put in the wash  
@samjmoody Your not being serious byw are you? Coz my friend is getting all worked up and emtional over it!  xx
@samjonas_94 Well it's raining like everywhere, continously. It's crazy and I'm getting sick of it. 
@SamJones7 I know. 
@samkap bc everyone hates beauty bar  but I love u so much I'd go for u
@samkillip haha wait till you get back up here... it's not nice 
@samkillip i can't get on dailybooth though  the website isn't loading. sadface.
@samkillip spaaaaaaaaaaaam! i still haven't started my essay  i dont know what to do  im scared for tuesday
@samlikessoup was it something i did?   Sorry!  
@samluminate the closest is a good two hours 
@samm_j omg elliot my love!!!! I saw lawrence last week they still friends. I loved me some elliot smh. I wanna see him 
@Samm_W hahahaha aww  we all wish you coulda been here!!
@samm_xo haha, yeah. but it was a long hair one, and it wasnt as hot as he is now  all of them are up on the opposite wall though ;)
@Samm_xo http://twitpic.com/6ip0h - My cornor shop didnt have it grrrr  what type of mag is t anyway ive never brought it befroe
@sammays No worries - thanks for trying - flash/linux killed tinychat today 
@Sammeh_ I'm using an N95, best way to use twitter on it is the mobile site. Trying to convince one of my parents to take it off my hands 
@SammehMac Yeah but its like legal stealing. 
@SamMen Lol I may go to bed early but then I wake up in the middle of the night like this... Ugh 
@sammers118 oh man i know i miss you  i figured theres nothin to do so im going to bed i was tryin to write a song but got distracted lol
@sammers118 so im begining to think the girls dont want to help us  becca says she'll try but no one else seems to really care!! bummer
@sammflyfan thats good to hear (: on dougiefied and listening to music  Yourself? x
@SammHpTwifan Oh wait is it that 'win an ipod' contest.  B/c I tried entering before and couldn't get it to work. 
@sammi_jade A! Hun , no I've just got back from town !! 
@sammi_jade are you feeling as rough as i am today? (xoxo) had a great time yesterday hun! have a goodun today. tiny twitter is broken  xx
@sammi_jade I can't put up the london pics yet hun my pc is locked up in my dads 'man' room. I'm sorry  x
@sammi_jade Its just so not funny thats its funny... off to dry my hair... 
@sammi_jade thanks ! I know when I'm reading ur tweets and read ur in town i'm not but we will probily bump in to each other unknowing 
@Sammi415 i wanna see that 
@Sammie_b23  I wish they'd fix it, but *sigh* they won't.
@sammie_rhodes aww, I'm sad.    Was hoping to see you tonight.  Do you sell picture sets?
sigh, have to go to bed, it's a school night! 
Sigh, I hate tonight. So much work to do, thank god it will be quiet tonight. Yay. Work 
Sigh, I'll never find who I'm looking for. 
Sigh, just not feeling like myself  I hate that!!!!
Sigh, laying on couch with knee hurting like hell . There goes beach walk plan 
Sigh, my Outlook is giving me problems. Anyone wanna help me troubleshoot? 
Sigh, my son just got sick again  He's been like this since Sunday. One more sleepless night in store most likely.
Sigh, no archery practise today  did a bit of gardening instead, sweating like a horse 
Sigh, no celebs on twitter now 
Sigh, not receiving mobile updates anymore 
Sigh, this flu has me in it's tendrils 
Sigh, what's wrong with Google tonight 
sigh, where did my bandana go? 
sigh, why do the shops only open at 10am? It doesn't really give me much time, 
Sigh, wifi died on me at @thevibe09  guess I'll go somewhere else
sigh,,,,,work 
Sigh.  Even Portland is not as much fun if one has given up eating and drinking to excess.  
sigh.  i want to quit my job. 
sigh.  Nothing ever works out well   Time to go climb a tree in the rain I guess
Sigh. @Twitter's API is still broken. 
Sigh. Am sitting here working with my leg propped up.  It's making my ankle feel better but also making my knee hurt 
Sigh. BOO. For VEDM 31 I was going to splice together the lyrics for Never gonna give you up ... But I don't have 3 of the videos. 
Sigh. Coworker told me my nails were &quot;disgusting-looking&quot; today (NOTD $OPI 212). Don't have the energy to change tonight. 
Sigh. Do I need to stock up in Red Bull Cola now that news has found out about it? I can't imagine it being available much longer now 
sigh. forgot my headphones. no pandora in the coffee shop today. 
Sigh. Going to Heathrow today to see my little bro and sis off. Back to normality in Chong Palace. 
Sigh. Homework time. 
Sigh. Humane removal of the raccoons is infeasible under the circumstances. Had to arrange for trapping, which will end in euthanasia. 
Sigh. I broke the internet. Sorry 
Sigh. I hate it when we're out of food. The cupboard has been bare all week. 
Sigh. I miss high speed internet and TweetDeck. 
Sigh. I miss my brother already. 
Sigh. I overslept and now half the day's gone. Exams start tomorrow 
Sigh. I really want to go back to Greece. Now!. I miss it so much. 
Sigh. I thought maybe when they did the update it would fix me not getting tweets to phone. But nope  i feel in the dark!
sigh. i would love to go out and drink a few beers tonight but i just worked out. beer is why i have to work out in the first place.  
Snatching back the lappy from my workaholic daughter - thought she might still be in holiday mode - she'll be going back to Leeds shortly 
Sneaking out of work early? Also...  I did not eat rasins..     One day I will... Un dia...
Sneaky were awesome last night. Feet so sore today 
sneezing - think I may have a cold 
sneezing again n again..God,,please help me..!!i really dont like this situation.. 
Sneezing at super speed. This is not good. 
Sneezing hurts my back. 
sneezing since yesterday  have i gotten the Mexican swine flu?? *gulp*
Sneezing, coughing, cold - oh no! Looks like I'm going to bed in bed all day. Crap! How did this happen... 
sneezing, sneezing, &amp; sneezing some more.. yay! sunny day! blast! that means high pollen count 
Sneezing. Sore throat. Fever. 
Snif snif no puedo subir mi foto a twitter 
sniff! my tongue is sore 
-sniffles- stomach hurts  @spifffykiddox3 can i borrow your camera tomorrow ?
Sniffling and coughing. Everyone is sick. Sick preschoolers and babies are really pathetic  And they don't sleep...
snip snip snip and my hair's significantly shorter 
Snipe hunting sucks.  my friend almost died from the great white snipe. :/ Hehe. Sucks when your the bud of a joke.
SNL was boring tonight. We want to see Angels &amp; Demons. Goodnight. Follow us! We lost some followers 
SNL....the best of amy poehler....LOL.....awwww  it comes to an end....
snmpd consuming 299mb on Reki. 
Snoring is one thing, but that repetitive soundtrack of an added annoying sound effect is the pits ESP when YOU can't sleep 
Snot monster is at the docs again: when will this end! 
Think I might have to bring my Wacom tablet to the office.  Only been here a 1/2 hour &amp; I can already feel the strain 
Think I might head to bed right now... tonight was so much fun, and I'm so tired... Another regular day tomorrow 
Think I might phone up T-Mobile and sob down the phone &quot;I NEED TO VOTE FOR DIVERSITY BUT YOUVE BLOCKED THE NUMBER YOU BITCHES&quot;  #bgt
think i oughta get some housework done being as theres no sun 
think i pulled a muscle in my shoulder 
Think I saw some magic on Sunday against Salford - I saw Hull FC come out onto the pitch but after that they vanished! 
think I should stop dancing  Leg is yelling at me but rest of body feels good. So I'm gonna not listen to its screams of pain.
think I should've listened to the women at the blood center when she told me to take a snack before I left...feelin hella weak/tired now 
think i sprained me wrist 
Think I tore the skin on the right side of my nape when I got hair caught in the jewlery last night!  Sore.
think i will have to get some heat on my shoulder coz its cold and sore 
think ill go to bed my eyes are sore  nitey nite tweeters! x
think i'll stop with the revision... bloody headache. 
Think I'm getting a cold  bad times! x
Think I'm getting sick 
Think I'm getting sick again   Sydney on Wednesday 
Think I'm getting sick. 
Think I'm getting sick.  Really, really need to get better because I was looking forward to this week!
Think im getting sick. Headache, tired, trhoat hurts... I dont like this. 
Think I'm going to bed. Goodniight. I hate this 
think im going to calvin harris in august now  hopefully it doesn't sell out soon, cause i have literally no money 
think i'm gonna go for a bath.......head is really starting to ache now 
snotty nose  poorly chest! this is not good!
Snow in june  http://yfrog.com/7gth1ij
Snow mounted up to a couple of inches overnight, very pretty but I hope I don't lose my peaches, tree was in bloom 
Snow Patrol - Chasing Cars    i miss mother theresa   going to bed. bye twitter.
snow really makes me sad 
SNOW?!?! 
snowbound Sestriere all runs complete &amp; no lifts open  - Photo: http://bkite.com/076oz
SNOWING?! HONESTLY?! I heard that it would but... grrrr! I had to dig out my winter jacket and put my sandals away 
SNUBBED!    I HATE BIASED MF'S!  JUST RAMBLING ON LIKE A CRAZY PERSON NOW 2 IN THE MORNING!
snuck out with michelle, people following us, scared as fuck  ugh cops
Snuggled in with my orange blanky n cuppa camomile tea.. If only my hair would dry by itself 
snuggled up in a big hoody. not looking forward to getting up at 8am for work tomorrow 
Snuggled up in a blanket infront of the tv. Wish i was going out 
snuggled up in the basement watching a movie, i need a cuddle budy 
Snuggling up with a comfy blankie...wishin I was cuddling with someone special 
So - can anyone tell me what brought about this need for TBones to have FB pages.This is going to make &quot;keeping up&quot; quite difficult 
So  everyone has the weekends off but me!!!  
So  hungry But all is left is some soup   
so  I am on the way to school but only 2 houers then doctor  wish me luck
so  tired and guess what may be working back tonight   what a big surprise that is haha as if im sure noone is surprised by that
So &quot;Green Street Hooligans&quot; is a bust.  &quot;Eagle Eye&quot; it is.
Think I'm gonna have an early night. Need to shift this migraine 
think im having cramps  its gonna b a long week
Think I'm starting to get sick 
think i'm staying in today.. silly rain 
Think it might be about time to separate my work and personal facebook profiles. I can't be on 24 hour &quot;untag watch&quot;   
think it might be time to give up on the masters in london idea 
Think it's a rerun tho. 
Think its abt that time to call it a niqht!! LONGGGG day ahead! I hope I'm feelin better 2mar 
think its time for docs 
think its time to head to bedfordshire.....monday is almost upon us  next weekend will hopefully fly in
think its very heard to learn the little one, to sleep on his own, when he cry... 
think ive failed french 
Think I've found something worse than packing. Unpacking 
Think I've got hayfever 
Think ive had THE worst day ever. My best friends dad just died in a crash and her brother is in ICU. Please pray for her &amp; her momma  x
Think I've lost my effiel tower off my charm bracelet. Almost in tears 
think i've upset someone  night guys&lt;3
think Kate's going to win this one..don't go Margaret!  #apprentice
think my &quot;backup&quot; portable hard drive has popped it's clogs  frantically searching google for &quot;data recovery services&quot;..........*crys*
Think my cats have evolved opposable thumbs and started rewiring/moving batteries overnight. The end is nigh 
think my dad just heard the large shouting phone-chasing game we just had. he think's im drunk and in the street naked. &quot;that's my cock!&quot; 
Think my exercise teacher may have a girlfriend.  I am heartbroken.  
Think my eyesight is fcked. Someone at DZ gig held strobe right in front of my face whilst was photographing. Still got shimmery effect 
think my puter has a virus 
Think my shoes need oiling. They keep squeeking when I walk 
think my son starting with a cold  xx
Think my stomach is bleeding from all the ibuprofen. ouchies it hurts 
Think my throat is sore from too many prez, felt good after day off yesterday but back to feeling spicy  Course if I get sick I was wrong
so ..  i just got sick..  ew i feel gross 
so .. i just got finish moving ..so miss the boo right now   guess i gotta wait to see him.. dont matter tho. calling him tonight lol
so @jonasbrothers were on larry king and nick pretty much admit to dating @mileycyrus  i think id be better for him  tehehe
so 3.0 update changes some of the text &quot;suggestions&quot;.   Pro: no longer changing &quot;lol&quot; to &quot;LOL&quot;;  CON: no longer changes &quot;yall&quot; to &quot;y'all&quot; 
So 30 today! My own mortality is creeping up on me 
So a baby bird just flew into my glass door, poor thing is just sitting there.  Momma and Papa Bird are freaking out though!  
So a girl does a cover of Spaceboy by the Smashing Pumpkins in her house. I believe she wore a green hoodie and had blonde long hair. 
so a murder? gotcha.  Cant believe it
So according to @YoungRellzYuUp I need to change my twitter profile picture  lmao
so addictd to this show..i no wats guna happen n dnt want it to.. 
so addicted w tis young lady named Charice  Heelp!!!  which one is her real account?? &quot;therealcharice&quot; or &quot;officialcharice &quot;? grr!!!
So after being here all day &amp; nite, my friend didnt make it  BOO! That sucks
So all #RSD09 exclusives were sold out/too expensive  me and Tay are eating dinner now
So all of a sudden my eye starts to hurt like someone punished it. I look in the mirror and it red as hell!! Why why?! 
So allergic to bugs. I got bitten out on my terrace yesterday and now both bites are red and bigger than silver dollars.  owie!
So angry I donÂ´t know how to scan a picture 
so angry on the inside, I hate him so much and yet I have to b strong for my daughter and be happy even though I'm  so hurt and broken. 
So angry!!! 
think quidditch is going to be a bust today 
Think slept too much yesterday. Up real early today  Getting jump start on some new projects &amp; getting invoice to client.
think so this weekend there will be battle of the bands at new world park, penang...too bad can't go there 
Think someone in the hotel is hammering the bandiwdth on the WiFi.  Everything's running at dial up speed.
think that re distribute panels for the SPECIAL FORCES trade was a very bad call, Kyle 
think the closest one is in ohio...    
Think today has been the shittest day known to man!!! Whyyyy did I agree to 2 hours overtime  back to work......
think we must be missing something here in Leeds, all the talk is about the sun and all I see is gray clouds 
thinkging about last night!! I went for my first motorcycle ride with Chris!! I had so much fun but unfortunatly no kiss 
Thinkin about life. Work is pissin me off. Goin to eat. . Missin someone 
thinkin about my sister. Haven't seen her in a while 
thinkin about whats gonna happen monday cause ima gonna die without them!!!! 
thinkin bout all the things that happened this year in skool! want to cry 
thinkin bout goin to the improv tonite to go see @tonyrock...but since i no longer have a car to drive, i dont see that happening 
Thinkin I have no other friends that like to twitter it up 
Thinkin I should go to bed early 2nite ... but im not tired  Work experience 2moro then work .. oh yay ,, sounds like a great day 4 me 
thinkin sleep sleep please come. Got busy day ahead of me 
thinking - As quickly as it started it all came to a screeching HALT 
Thinking about all the things i didnt get done this weekend 
thinking about alot of stuff. 
Thinking about family &amp; friends at #Nortel.  It will be delisted from the TSX on Monday.  It's the end game, folks. 
thinking about finally starting my own little tax services. so much to do...so little time 
Thinking about getting a mac... Don't think I can afford one tho.  
Thinking about getting a massage because I'm SO sore everywhere! 
thinking about getting a tattoo, YOU CAN'T TAME ME SOCIETY! 
Thinking about getting another tattoo , I want it on my rib cage , but I heard that hurts more than the foot 
Thinking about getting tix for my kids and myself for Pink in Brisbane in August , not sure if budget can stretch to three tix though.  
thinking about getting up and looking at my eye in the mirror cause its very itchy 
thinking about going to the mall...but I don't wanna go alone 
thinking about him.... i miss him... 
thinking about how a random text message from HIM meses with me up 
thinking about how many conventions I really want to go to 
Thinking about how much I don't want everyone to graduate tomorrow. Some of my best friends are leaving &amp; things will never be the same. 
Thinking about how much my fingers hurt.  The keys on my new phone are so hard to press.  Very brittle.  
Thinking about how someone of my generation would never think we would see the sad day when GM would be in such a pickle. 
thinking about how sore I am going to be next week with my STEP class and moving! 
so anit-chem atm 
so annoyd my kyboard isnt working proprly  damn you fith lttr in th alphabt
So annoyed - due to no fucking trains from the Gosford to Sydney I have to spend 4 hours at the airport   not happy
So annoyed. One if my team left their bag in the pub so I took it but left my favourite top in the pub. Gutted 
so annoyed...Saturday=school 
so another week begins &amp; i have to miss spending time with her 
so any other night i can't find ANYTHING good on tv, but tonight, there are 3 different shows i wanna watch, all on at the same time. 
So anyone used Opera Unite yet? Tests with @dadepo yday didnt work 
So anyone wanna get up at 3:30 AM on Monday and walk almost 12 miles with me? Anyone? Bueller? ...  
So anyways, i just watched sytycd ep4, where they let people go. I can't believe they cut most of my faves! I am so devastated. Mmmm 
So apparantly no reason to look at apartments in Miami now for August! Thanks for the heads up realtors 
So apparently being gobs for 2 weeks means that I have a test everyday this week 
So apparently i can update this through texts messages. I'm behind 
So apparently I have a bad virus.. There's no cure or treatment for a virus  So mad
so apparently I'm not staying home tonight and I can't feel my finger 
So apparently Luke Wilson was shopping in the record store located below the place I work today. Did I get to see him? NOPE! 
So apparently Mathpew isn't much of a tweeter ??? Kinda dissapointed 
So apparently no dancing  but there's ice cream and Snake.
So apparently they need to order a part... which means I will be car-less until Thursday. 
So apparently, I can't get my old number back. So brokenhearted right now 
So as it turns out, Buffalo Exchange is kind of picky.  I went in to make money and spent $9 on a dress. 
thinking about how to make the Demon Boy website BETTER...must make more content ...more animations...not enough time in the day 
thinking about jon and kate makes me so sad 
thinking about KL in July...I wanna go crazzyyy I wanna meet my babyyyyyy....  
Thinking about Leigh Anna  I miss her so much!! I'm looking at pictures of her and crying :,( I love you Leigh Anna!
Thinking about maeby 
thinking about me and future and wat is going 2 happen 2 us cuz I am so confuse rite now someone plzz help me 
Thinking about Microwaving water  No kettle on work.. Now talk about poor working conditions  hate microwaved water for coffee
thinking about morning QQ OP, raised preflop 3510 rainbow flop big pot, I vbet 3 callers. turn 7. I vbet.. river 5, fishy bet, get raised 
thinking about moving jus dnt wnt to leave my boo. 
Thinking about moving my desk into the bedroom... when hubs is home, the tv's on and I can't think at all. 
thinking about my baby, he wont be back until Sunday! 
thinking about my bestie's graduation on thursday...i might not b able to c it 
thinking about my dad.  One month tomorrow 
thinking about my friends in ohio 
Thinking about my graduation.. 
THINKING ABOUT MY LIFE AND HOW ITS CHANGED ALOT   â™¥
thinking about my love life and why id I really know what love means!!!!!!!!! 
thinking about my marine miss him so much 
thinking about my mother who passed one year ago tomorrow.  drinking bacardi big apple
thinking about new marketing plans and another business venture  gotta dream big 
thinking about North Korea and other (semi) closed regimes and the level of brain-washing,control and,repression people there live under! 
Thinking about not using gmail anymore 
thinking about nothing, doing nothing, being nothing! 
Thinking about opening MacMaze sources as I don't have time to work on it anymore 
Thinking about practicing my posing routine, but worried I'm all out of body oil.  
thinking about rain dates 
So at the airport way early. Didn't know when we could get off the ship so booked our flight for the afternoon. long day. 
so AT&amp;T has updated the policy for early upgrading... I'm now eligible in 2010.  Yeehaw.   http://bit.ly/X5goA
So AT&amp;T tells me i'm not due for an upgrade until Jan. Looks like I'll be skipping the 3Gs and waiting for the iPhone '10 in the summer 
So back &quot;Coffee is a Brewing&quot;. Watching the US Open (Golf) before it gets rained out again...LOL 
So back on the commute to work - Florida seems a lifetime away 
so badly wants to workout but can't because i have a busted ankle and a cold 
So basically I don't even want to open my email for a few days. blegh 
So basically i have the worst luck in the world with guys. Ugh. There are plenty that like me but none are the right one  idk wat to do.
So BB rocks again lol. I dnt want it to take over my summer bt it wil  lol.  Anyway, nyt! Il tweet in the morn!
so bee did awesome in her talent show. gave me nightmarish flashbacks to elementary school tho. 
so behind in my rss feeds...400+ unread topics. 
So bored  Everyone's at places and I'm not  I feel so sad  :L
so bored  MATHMETIC SUCK!!hate hw!
so bored  someone talk to me. abahahha
so bored !  i want the Sims to hurry up and download
so bored !  x
So bored ,I have a test on wednesday in french  but I am preperd U
So bored 9:00 in the morning... school will be staring soon .. HA ha Not there today don't feel well.   
So bored and i have like a tone of tests to do 
so bored and sick at work ugh and its pouring out.. Worst day ever 
So bored at work  .......... Oh and GloMinerals is da shiz!
So bored at work! Only been here thirty minutes 
So bored at work..  i'm in a rutt.. I want it to be 3 o'clock Sunday... I want my puppy xxx
so bored because i can't go anywhere because i can't walk. boo. 
So bored boo 
so bored guys... don't want to eat lunch either   x
So bored im making icons. 
So bored in class  the TA is teaching us and he barely speaks English.... Laaaaame.
So bored in cooking and ill  xxxxxx
Thinking about reviewing the cracking drupal book. Need to get a copy first but my CC is over its limit 
Thinking about sneaking into a Taylor Swift concert cause I couldn't get tickets! Bad times 
thinking about somebody 
Thinking about someone that I wish I could forget 
thinking about starting a care home for drug addicted babies. We just had to send 2 of those babies to foster care 
Thinking about starting my own, first blog. Is it good time? I am afraid I won't have topics to write 
thinking about taking a lush bubble bath... but its just not the same without my hubby 
Thinking about taxes. How depressing! 
Thinking about that $3500 giveaway...I can get a lot of stuff w/ $3500 &quot;too bad I can't participate  &quot;
Thinking about that last hug on May 3rd. 
Thinking about that missing airplane! What if those poor people are freezing in the ocean somewhere? 
thinking about that special someone 
Thinking about the flight 447 tragedy  Sorry
Thinking about the past, i miss those days 
Thinking about this whole  f....ing life 
thinking about what is going to happen after grad... how many frends ill lose and the time it takes to make new ones. 
thinking about what subjects to pick/ select  going to go to bed, nights. xo
Thinking about work.... 
Thinking abt that fye chinese food I had yesterday as I go 2 late night 
thinking Amber doesn't want to talk to me anymore. 
Thinking back to those wonderful BBQ's... the best ish ever with froken margaritas plus Cleo &amp; Nyla.. Awwww I miss it so 
Thinking back to work tomorrow am... ugh  
Thinking Bout EveryThing 
So bored just sitting here watching TV buit feeling ill 
so bored of not being able to talk. op went well tho. sick of taking meds  talk anyone?
so bored of not being able to talk. op went well tho. sick of taking meds  talk anyone?  Britains got talent XD
so bored ri now 
so bored right now... 
So bored wanna go out but has work in the mornin 
So bored with #24 
So bored! I look horrible!! And to top it off the weather really, really sucks! Grrrr! 
So bored! I misread my watch as an hour ahead so im actually travelling backwards through time today. 
so bored!! 
So bored!!! 
So bored!!!! Don't know what to do???!!! 
so bored!!!! I WANT TO GO OUT grr i hate spending too much money 
so bored,  ugh song will never be finished at this rate!
So bored, and I'm not that patient with the EDGE connection on my phone. T-Mobile, when are we getting 3G in PR? 
So bored, and the sun rays make me sleepy 
so bored, cba with art coursework anymore but i need my 4 gcse's  fuckkk
So bored, I dunno wot to do ugh some1 help me plz, im stuck doin homework that i know no1 else has done wots the point. 
so bored, i want to go out 
so bored, theres nothing to do. 
So bored.  Need something to do on a Friday night.  
so bored.  they're drinkinn, im not. 
so bored. have to study for test on monday and tuesday 
So bored. I have slept from 7.30 last night to 8.45 this morning. im so lazy!  
so bored. i should go out today and run a bit. although i dont think rach's up for it and i dont wanna go alone 
So bored. I wish more people were on AIM during the day 
SO bored. It's a nice day out today, I want to be outside like all day. But I can't 
so bored.. weekend is almost over 
so bored... i have no one to talk to...  
so bored... i wish i could get a new app on my iPhone but my dad wont by me a new credit card so i can pay off the money i owe to iTunes. 
so bored... wish I had something to do or someone to talk to... no work today 
so bored....... and hungry too 
so bored...miss everybody already 
So bored...nothing good on the telly and I don't have any good books to read because I've read them all...and so not in the mood to study 
So bored..I want to play xbox but it's still down  so sad...
so boreddd  currypuffs soon tho 
So boring .... 5 nights in a hotel 
so boring right now 
So boring today someone get of out of here its like so dead And so humid here    
thinking he likes me not ... 
Thinking He looks worn out in this photo  http://polfeeds.com/item/P052909PS-0331
Thinking how boring friday will b  ;)
thinking how life is always complicated 
thinking how wonderful it is to get emails from old friends &amp; getting updates on how/what they are doing.  Miss some friends terribly 
Thinking i have something serious. It hurts to get up 
Thinking I might have to go back on sleeping pills... 
thinking i might've spent too much time outside today...feeling horrible now and I think something is irritating my skin 
Thinking I need to learn art of deligation, either that or get a sugar fix as energy levels have reached all time low 
Thinking i really need a hug right now really bad 
thinking i should give @organised my copy of photoshop - its only good for glitching files 
thinking i should go to bed  sadness
thinking I shouldn't have been drinking wine on a school night 
Thinking I was asleep I remember my parents talking shit. Things like &quot;she's only decent looking bc of me&quot; or &quot;she's ugly bc of you&quot; 
Thinking I will break down and let her out  she is too sweet.
Thinking if library doesn't have a digital camera I may have to run home for mine and forego my great parking spot 
Thinking I'm probably going to get forgotten next year 
Thinking it's a nuisance that tweetie on the Mac doesn't have any indicators / notification of unread tweets or messages (or groups) 
Thinking it's the perfect day to be inside working ... 
thinking leaves only me suffering. but it's ok, I would rather be tied by the truth than to live in a lie. i hate the adult world. 
thinking might need to sell my R-Sys mavics 
thinking most def gonna retire the twitter 
so bread was ok, but couldnt taste the banana.  Oh well. Heading to work soon, dont wanna go 
so broke...my shopoholism is at its worst 
So Brokeback Mountain was really depressing.
so bummed I waited so long to get anberlin tix cuz now they're sold out 
so bummed out that i cant just blink my eyes and be where i wanna be 
so bummed out. 
so bummed out..just ran over a turtle 
so bummed rite now 
so bummed shes gonna have to spend most of her birthday alone in college. lammmee 
So bummed that i can only watch the mtv movie awards on the 7th june here in south africa  y are we sooo behind!?!?
So bummed that I won't get to see Metro Station on June 12. 
So bummed to be headed back home. 
SO bummed! math exam didn't go well at all 
So bummed.Just got a call from dad.Moms 1st trip 2 FL since her cancer surgery is cancelled,due 2 yet another infection.  FL misses MOM
so burned....  and i hurt so bad 
so burnt 
so busy already 
SO busy at Shoebuy today.  No time to tweet 
so busy this week.. tiring 
So busy today I'm just getting a chance to pee! No lunch for this guy 
So busy today...haven't seen it like this in forever  Damn you Wolverine!!
so busy, no time for this #spymaster malarkey  intrigued by #iList though, interesting approach...  http://playspymaster.com
So busyâ€¦at work and at home  Itâ€™s hard to get â€˜everydayâ€™ stuff done when you leave the house before sunrise and return 14 hours laterâ€¦ #fb
so bwhored....!! 
So chad's working his late shift. I haven't told him this at all... but I hate late shifts... He's always tired when I'm awake and vv.. 
So Chicago is pretty much sold out of tshirts now 
So Chris Brown gets community service for beating the SHIT out of Rihanna wow thats a slap in the face for assualt victims everywhere 
so chris party is today.  cnt go. waitng for dam bf. i think he lagged on me love.  wish i was w/ you and joe. i miss you! so now im hm.
so chuffed diversity won =] ... and SO glad the sun is out today, but gutted i got work at 3  booooooo
So close but so far away. Wish I could talk to him 
So close to a Lotus. 
So close to being done! Then its time to be stuck at home 
SO CLOSE to being done, and ink starts smearing all over WHITE pages. Seriously?! UGH 
so close to crying..the tickets are sold out for the Loreena McKennitt concert..i reaaally wanted to go..like seriously so bad 
Thinking most of us are superficial 4 REAL!!  
thinking my cold turned into a sinus infection, my teeth are hurting and I am so exhausted. I can feel it all thru my sinuses 
Thinking of all the fun I'm missing out on tonigh 
Thinking of all the things I could be doing better than working right now 
thinking of all the times im going to miss  off to work now
Thinking of animated profile pics- don't.  Pics that move while trying to read,Rocking, back and forth, up and down. Distracting &amp;....Urp 
thinking of buying a snazzy new jacket for the 10th but I hate clothes shopping. Anyone want to lift this burden from me? No? Thought not 
thinking of camping this bank holiday weekend even if its pouring down - to avoid looking at more brown patches on the ceiling at home 
thinking of changing my pants dont know which to wear  skinny jeans or tna ?!?
Thinking of dropping TWITTER. Too many businesses placing ads and too many &quot;info-mercials&quot;  
thinking of getting a fake owl to for the balcony. there is a young bird who wakes me up at 5am every morning and then squawks all night. 
Thinking of getting up soon. cnt zzz anymore  almost did actually but an fb msg woke me up. shld always use &quot;phone only&quot; mode when zzz'ing
Thinking of going back to sleep for abit while waiting for my Baby xoxox I Miss You Baby 
Thinking of having an early night with a good book... but I have NO T-BAGS !!! 
Thinking of heading to Colonial Downs on Sat for the Colonial Turf Cup.  Sorry to hear last year's winner Sailor's Cap died today 
thinking of him &lt;3 but is he thinking of me too or some girl tht doesnt talk all the time bout him like i do 
thinking of lime meringue pie and english breakfast milk tea. too bad i'm stuck in mom's office in Timbuktu 
So close to Friday... Hopefully I can continue to stage off this sickness. 
So close to getting into the Sony Press Conference... so very, very close. 
So close yet so far away  http://twitpic.com/6fr3x
so close, yet so far 
So Close, Yet So Far    Life Sucks 
So close... They stopped boarding, due to &quot;Air Traffic delays&quot; in SFO. First Class passengers already on the plane. Now 10:55 departure 
So cold  soooooo bored!!!
so cold and I can't believe that tomorrow I will have to leave the house, will be a day full! 
So cold last night I had to turn the bedroom heating back on.  In June!! Raining like **** this morning 
so cold outside i wish i could stay at home, but i have to make a geography homework in a friend's house. i'll cry 
So cold this morning in London 
so cold today 
So cold, so rainy; this AZ native just fell out of love with Dublin 
so cold. thats all i ever am these days  i want the sun to come back SOON!
So cold...so so cold 
so colddddd and rainy  .......but i like it :p
So comfy I don't wanna get out of bed  been snoozing my alarm for an hour now. Ugh, getting up!
so confused i don't even know 
So confused to if Nik Nak are still making games aimed at kids or just Zoe Mode games now 
so coooooold. i wish it was later today 
so creepy. i don't want to go out with him. he scares me 
so cross that i forgot about printer's row this year. might pop down post-work tomorrow, but it's so nice to go all day 
so damn confused 
So damn hot out!! I couldn't stay out there anymore, I felt like I was going to combust any second. My head hurts now 
So damn sick I never drink bit when I do I get sick as fush 
so damn tired 
So damn tired! Another long day trw! 
So dark this afternoon..  i'd love to hear Dan Masquelier sing Rain, Rain.. Come again another day. It's cold and i need some warm hugs*
So deep its priecing my soul 
SO DeF NoT GoInG To BE AbLE To SlEeP ToNiGhT  
So definitely no TomStu as Aidan. Brb, need to cry a river now. 
So depressed  Is it weird RENT makes me feel BETTER? :-|
So depressed right now. 
So depressed that have to work today AND tomorrow thru sunshine 
so depressed that the sox v cubs game got cancelled 
so did not wen did i do tat?? u gave it 2 me well consider this.... officilally deletin it 
Thinking of looking/buying some shoes today.. Brokeage. 
Thinking of making a Google Wave wordpress plugin in the next months... Really want to test it 
thinking of my boys...i want them too call. &lt;3 
Thinking of my friends! Missing them 
thinking of my nan today. 2 years ago today we lost her.  very sad. she was truly inspirational to me. i miss her x
Thinking of my Nanna today I am going to miss her so much 
thinking of my problems 
Thinking of pay day.....another 3 weeks to go  lol
thinking of renting movies at the REDBOX at lunch and then heading out of town for the weekend...no stillwater trip for me 
Thinking of rolling the old iPhone back to 2.2.1 till they release a new jailbreak. I miss it. 
Thinking of sleeping..ACTUALLY SLEEPING? negative 
thinking of something to write in the box and putting off doing my homework ready for tomorrow. 
Thinking of the final Hey Boy Hey Girl Tuesday tonight. Wish I could go 
Thinking of the friends &amp; families of passengers on AF447. Hoping for good news, but it seems unlikely now 
thinking of the packing I've got to do is giving me a headache! 
thinking of this problem. i dont know whats going on actually. 
thinking of u.......       
Thinking of ways on  how to adjust with the new school. I really miss being in SGES. 
thinking of you   why we canï¿½t control our thoughts?
Thinking of you give up N.J 
Thinking of you&lt;3 I just want things to work out, for once. It is so amazing to me how unfair life really is and how selfish people are. 
Thinking on the wrong things I did to u 
Thinking sphinx here I come, anyway. The main acts_as_solr rails plugin is buggy anyway. It corrupts date searches - I had to patch that 
thinking that sleep wasn't long enough soo off i trot to work .. 
so did the sox 
So disappointed  with SYTYCD decision. I think Max should have stayed and send Kupono home.  
so disappointed about dinner...bad veggie lo mein, not gonna name names 
So disappointed in Cleveland Cavs 
so disappointed in the game ~ I thought this was Lebron's year!!!    the playoffs won't be the same for me!
So disappointed right now. 
so disappointed that MGS is coming to 360, but it is not MGS4, and isn hardly MGS at all considering character change 
So disappointed the Astros lost. 
So disappointed with the service at 15minutes  - http://tweet.sg
So disappointed with the yearbook  everybody looks pink and its just plain crap! next year it is going to be so much better!!
So disappointed.  You are like almost a different person to me now.  What happened? 
So disappointed...  
So disappointed... So baseball game for me today. 
So disappointing 
so disgusted right now ... huge bug in my bathroom at school this morning ... YUCK!!!!!!! 
So disgusted right now....someone just blew the bathroom up and I have to tinkle 
So dissapointed right now 
So dissapointed Taylor Swift doesnt have a Twitter 
so dissapointed....was watching Master Chef and then lost the station, all I've got is a fuzzy telly 
So do folks not drink A&amp;W Root Beer Floats anymore? This teeny bopper just gave me deer n headlights when I ordered one!! WTF!! SMDH 
So do I @sarahbebe but I miss him 
SO don not wanna go to school tommorrow!!!! 
So don't feel good! 
so don't let your past destroy what comes tomorrow; don't go and break this fragile heart 
so dont want to get up so early 
SO don't want to go back to work tomorrow 
So drowsy.  Nonstop eating all day probably didn't help.  *sigh*  More to read/write about labor markets 
so drunk it fucking hurts.  she;s coming home to me.  i lov things. why deos she wanna go america for four months  criessss!
So earlier I ate Burger King &amp; it was so good but NOW I feel sick 
so early.... tired... had a bad night  CU in LA!!!!!!!!
so effin bored. skipping gay pride, as always. 
So effing bored right now ! 
so emotional today yet I have no idea whyyy 
So ends an amazing weekend. Back to Sac and back to work for me. 
thinking that the fedex truck with my shit got hijacked. it's the only answer for the lack of updates, aside from the fact that they SUCK 
Thinking to myself : Why is it that when you're happy someone always has to bring you down!! 
thinking tomorrow  must move stuff around in my sphere--including office. Getting new carpet. A blessing and curse--disrupts my writing. 
thinking twice  REGRETS are the worst!
Thinking what to do tonight cuz tomorrow..I'll be stuck at work till 11 
thinking what to do with this fucking house I cant afford anymore 
thinking where home is...but i just canÂ´t find out 
Thinking why can't I find someone  that cares 
thinking why dont i give up on trying to get you.... it  will never happen.. and obvs ur happy without me 
Thinking why I allowed myself to gain 10 pounds.    
thinking XML goin blank... 
thinking you could ever find me in here? nah!will &quot;he&quot; ever find me here? 
thinking. about some stuff. alot of stuff. at this time in my life; things just seem to be so overwelming 
thinking... Bre leaves in November  Miss her already
thinking... but i still dont understand... 
thinking... london in 4 days  .... must do some college work 
thinking.... - that I should have gone outï¿½.  Whats everyone else doing tonigh? http://tumblr.com/xpb1qwhcb
Thinking..am I not part of anything anymore. 
thinkinggg 
thinkk it was a very bad idea to watch this film by myself! at night!  getting very spooked out! :|
Thinkn bout movin back to Cali. I've had enough of AZ. I miss my real friends! 
Thinks #Phish needs to open up their own ticketing system, because LiveNation can't control the demand and traffic flow on their website 
Thinks &quot;Find People&quot; is defective. It never finds anyone for me 
Thinks @MrPeterAndre is amazing &amp; and was upset to see him upset over my morning read 
Thinks @solarstat was right, I shouldn't have had a kfc!  seriously not good for your health!
thinks 600 quid for a Cup Final ticket...........?  
thinks all gay guys should come equipped w severe acne, a big nasty unibrow, and man boobs just so us straight girls don't fall for them! 
Thinks Apple's timing for a job interview couldn't have come at a worse time 
thinks apply for scholarship or not? haay..  http://plurk.com/p/oyjw5
Thinks australia is boring 
thinks being a editor was quite fun but i am now fucked  night peeps well for atleast a hour
thinks Ben should update his plurk  http://plurk.com/p/x4l33
thinks car issues need to go away.   Oh, you want to buy me a new car?  You're so sweet!
thinks Coast Capital sent her work number to telemarketers 
thinks covering certain songs in such a depraved fashion should be illegal. Poor Toto  http://is.gd/12nex
Thinks doing Algebra on the weekend is just wrong.... 
thinks everyone should help out the autism society of cape breton.. they need 15,000 before july 1st to keep their summer program!! 
thinks everyone should leave Susan Boyle the fuck alone, poor thing, sometimes i hate this fucking world 
thinks everything is coming too fast, i want it all to slow down just a bit, i'm scared of life after high school..  i'm emotional, fml.
thinks Grey's anatomy this week will be rather sad.. 
thinks grey's was so sad-cried  shame she was just a baby
thinks he (Dill) may have lost his fav black hat somewhere between download fest and home... 
So even tho it was just a preseason game, I hate losing. Our season ended with a L to Detroit and our preseason started with an L to Det 
So Everyone Has Decided To Stop Twatting! And Heres Lil Ol' Me Still Twatting alone  x
So everyone who wants to deal with Border Agency HAS to go through their MP. Surely, that's not their job? 
so everyone's going to be having fun this Saturday night except me 
So excited 4 River Riot August 16!!! Wish All my favorites could b there. Well most of them r except Adam. 
So excited about 3.2  Of course, they make changes now that I've leveled every class 
So excited for blink!!!!!  But mad bc my bro is going but I can't  so he better get me something!
so excited for heather to move into el d!! but sad to see jill go 
so excited for my new apartment... not looking forward to packing 
So excited for the FashionIndie Investors Benefit tom night...too bad I have already packed all my favorite clothes 
So excited for The Hills season finale! Goodbye Lauren! 
so excited for Transformers! Wish I was seein it tonite 
Thinks he has the flu  #fb
Thinks he is going to watch wall-e tonight since he has nothing else to do 
thinks he is sick     I hope I wake feeling better tomorrow
thinks he just found one of his tshirts... on someone else on facebook 
Thinks he must look hotter in black (right Kimmy!) just finishedextra curricular activities, too much to do, back in tomorrow 
thinks he threw his back out bowling last night. Guess I'm old 
thinks her baby momma is ded 
thinks her boyfriend is the best and i miss him sooooooo much  cum home xx
thinks her feature article sound like nonsense...wish i could write better...  http://plurk.com/p/121a5i
Thinks her hair sucks  Wants to pre lighten it  Loves Joe and can't wait to see him today!
thinks her husband lost his wedding band 
thinks her mother is mad! Confirmed! he he. Meg up, hub ironing so on with dreaded essay 
Thinks he's getting sick 
Thinks His GF may have fallen alseep awwwwww  ? http://blip.fm/~7d7yf
thinks hmmm... 
Thinks I can pass English, I just wish I could be as confident about geography 
thinks i might of jacked my foot up a lil 
thinks I need to get ready for work  I pray these next 8 hours fly by!! X-( http://plurk.com/p/13w2qf
thinks if anyone knows about cars they should come look at my car. it won't start now 
thinks im coming down with a cold  not good not good at all
Thinks I'm done with the whole Follow Friday thing. I hope I didn't leave anyone out. If I did, sorry  There's other Fridays in the year!
thinks im gonna give up loving sports...i cant do it anymore 
thinks in this world, no one is fair.  http://plurk.com/p/x6af2
thinks is a lovely sunny day today. Shame my office doesn't have any windows 
thinks it about time for bed - have to be up early tommorw  Night!
thinks it is awful about the murdered pregnant women today in Grimsby  x x x
thinks it is far too hot to be in work today 
thinks it is like he is living above  a god damn day care. I hate my apartment.  why must these children scream and cry all the time......
Thinks it is so hard to get a good nights sleep with all this yelling!!! Please make it stop! 
Thinks it is way too early to be getting ready for work 
thinks it may be time to buy a new pc soon 
Thinks it may be time to put the drum cage back up  I like the look without it but don't like cymbal bleed
thinks it sucks but I can only get in touch with people via my cell.  Don't bother with fb/myspace messages.  Will miss Epic tomorrow 
so excited that Tranformers 2 is almost out... super disappointed that I cant go to the screening next week! 
so excited to start a beautiful Sunday morning with a migraine.  UGH  
So excited to walking with some of my LLs. Missing the rest of you 
So excited! Seeing Star Trek (3rd time) and going to rock climbing gym today. Sad, I'm having more fun today than my dad is. 
So excited,Just ordered some sick Italian white leather sofas&amp; a dining rm table from LAfurniturestore.com  but takes 6-8 wks 4 delivery 
so exhausted  back to work tonight
so exhausted from a workout, might take a nap! omg, dreading school tomorrow 
So exhausted from the long day but STILL up doing laundry and then I have to pack. I miss him already  this is gonna be a long 10 days.
So exhausted from yesterday..  &quot;River&quot; was really cold and hard.. 
So exhausted. Can't sleep. Orientation in less than 10 hours... Fail 
So exhausted. Going to fall asleep as soon as I turn the computer off. Have to wake up early again tomorrow and all weekend 
so exhausted. My knees are skinned, i have bruises from my shin pads and i have to wake up early for work  when do i get a day off?
So exhausted. Still no internet at our new place. 
so exhausted... 
So exhausted... My room appeared to reach furnace temperature last night and yet I chose to wrap myself up in my lovely snuggly duvet! 
so exited to see oyu on dateline!!! i wish i could go to one of your shows but my parents cant afford it  @taylorswift13
so f****** bored donno wat ta do 
So f****ing bored ! Want my guys &amp; my girlzzz here in Paris ! 
So faaattt! Im gonna go lose weight now. 
Thinks it sucks that you cant put your own ringtones on LG phones.  rip off!
thinks it's &quot;El Rincon de Rafa&quot; tomorrow for lunch, nice tapas, cold rioja and sunshine...shame its 5 months till Madrid 
Thinks it's a wonderful evening (morning) for riding bicycles. Too bad hers has a broken tire 
Thinks it's bloody typical that the weather is lovely now she's stuck indoors 
thinks it's f-ing ridiculous that the EC student transit building has it's sprinkler system set to go off IN THE RAIN 
thinks its gonna be hard to keep logging on and updating w/out a mobil. 
Thinks it's gunna be a great day, but will miss my mcfly wembley 2008 dvd as i'm lending it to freya 
Thinks its not fair that everyone else is having babies I want one too 
thinks its sad that all her flatmates have left 
thinks its sad that Jon and Kate are &quot;separating&quot;  
thinks its sad that my friend who hasn't called in months hung up on me when I answered her call last night 
thinks its the perfect weather to go camping and cuddle up with dave under the stars and sleep 
thinks its time for bed. Work tomorrow  xx
thinks its time for bed.... the headache is coming back 
thinks it's time for tea, but will have to make do with the office PG Tips as he's all out of Yorkshire Tea 
thinks it's time to wear my Cams 24/7 .......as nothing else fits  Potato sack seems appropriate.
thinks its to got to even think about sleep 
thinks its too late to call her 
thinks it's very surreal being back at university and wants to come home already! 
thinks it's way too early to be awake on a Sunday 
Thinks its wierd how the 1 person u count on 2 make things better...only make things worse.. Missin guichi...&amp;&amp; can't go 2 bed.  ?
Thinks its win that @heavensent2619 is saving @sing_it_back.  @DJMagic wont even go back for me in Cloverfield.  
thinks i've never been this pressured since nursing quota revelation day.  AND I HATE IT. http://plurk.com/p/x4i7h
thinks Jade's mother is mean 
thinks kok scarface filmnya raga gajelas   http://plurk.com/p/11b1q2
thinks Mafia Wars is damned addictive 
thinks my allergies are trying to kill me today... 
thinks my huey died...any of my photog peeps had one crap out on you?  it's only 2.5 yrs old.  
thinks my wife has a sign on her that just begs people to take advantage of her 
thinks nothing makes a day great luke waking up to find your new quad server doa. 
thinks Ozzy's sick.  http://plurk.com/p/tqsqu
thinks ping.fm wasn't 4 me  http://plurk.com/p/12j5z6
thinks revising in the garden from 8 this morning without sunscreen isnt the best idea ive had  oucccccccch
thinks she has an ear infection. 
Thinks she has the swine flu!  ahhhhhhhh
thinks she is gonna fail her GCSE Art course! 
thinks she may be getting a cold... 
thinks she needs a new life. People she loves hurt her, people take her for granted. She sorts it out and gets hurt all over again. 
thinks she should sleep. it's oficially 5 and mostly everyone is asleep, so boring 
thinks she should stop thinking about it! lol. driving me maaaaaad.  http://plurk.com/p/susd0
thinks she will get colds...  http://plurk.com/p/xa32m
thinks shes having a reaction to her new lip balm 
Thinks she's sick. Not good. 
thinks she's still drunk and it's time to get ready for work 
thinks she's too much for doing such a thing  im sorry..
thinks singerr sucks! 
Thinks smoked-salmon flavored cream cheese w/ my Sunday morning bagel is good but cannot compare to real Lox (+ still stung by Cavs' loss 
thinks sociology was harder than expected   ....olivers coming over to play ps1 so alls good
thinks some people just have it all sometimes when we got nothing! Its not fair! I want the thing i can't have 
thinks someone made decaf coffee and labeled it regular. Come on, that is not fair and wrong!  
So far 4 people arrested over at Staples Center. Why can't our fans just celebrate in their homes for now and wait till Wednesday. 
so far away..  I miss you honey..  27.02.2002 best day of my life.. best friends forever..
So far I have gutted out 2/3 of my wardrobe. Next is the bedside table, then under my bed (argh) and then my old desk 
so far I'm NOT feelin UberTwitter!! 
so far i'm not to impressed whith this whole Tweeting thing 
so far its a stye but if things change in the morning it could turn into blepharitis yuck i would rather have a stye 
So far it's a typical Monday   Power failure over the weekend took out a hub we used for printers.  Quasi-failure in an application server
So far its shaping up 2 be a good week!!!  Heard from &quot;the other son&quot; yesterday asking 4 loot told him NO..........And the guilt kicks in 
So far my dinner this evening has consisted of Rolaids, Sprite, &amp; a VIP spot beside the toilet   p.s. w/my B.Berry to tweet between pukes!
So far my iphone as been restoring the backup for 12 hours and it's only halfway done!!! Is it really supposed to take so long?!?! 
So far not much going on today.  We will have to wait and see what today brings I guess.  Another yucky day out though. 
So far the night has NOT been worth leaving the party and my friends for 
So far there has been no male eye candy 
so far this has been a not so fun day  but looking for some goodness to come out of it
So far work is okay.. really want a smoke already 
So far, I think I'm liking Twitterfon Pro. Hmmm. Damn, too many Twitter apps on my iPhone again 
So far, I'm not enjoying the new Alexisonfire album 
thinks sometimes sunshine is not so great. Sometimes would be when it shines on a grey hair. 
thinks sometimes, life is just plain sad.  http://plurk.com/p/12eut0
thinks sytycd is a rad show! wish I could dance like that. too bad the best i can do is the hokeypokey!  LOL
Thinks Telkom sucks big time 
thinks that  big brother should start at 9 tonight.. not 10  too long to wait
thinks that 9 days is the longest I can go without washing my hair. Day 10 was not cooperating with me today  
Thinks that all it does in manchester is rain 
thinks that he is allergic to Texas 
thinks that he should have gone out tonight 
thinks that he'd buy a lot more software if it was all at the &quot;educational&quot; price point. flash, maya, all things id like to use.. but exp 
thinks that i should be sitting with @nathan_tyler but hes all the way on the other couch 
thinks that i shouldnt have come here to begin with 
thinks that i will never love teaching my mom how to use the com... roar 
thinks that it wasn't quite a good idea to swim 2.5km after so long. I'm sleepy  - http://tweet.sg
thinks that it's too hot to be at work 
thinks that j&amp;k need to come to terms &amp; stop using &quot;the kids&quot; as an excuse.  oh, poor kiddies! do you need a babysitter?
thinks that life should be simpler 
thinks that looking for the good in people will only leave you disappointed 
thinks that playing Cod5 by herself is boring. 
thinks that reality is finally setting in now.....in a few days half of my heart will b in Afgan......man I miss my baby! 10 months 2 go! 
thinks that she should do some revision now! 
thinks that someone is mad at me.  http://plurk.com/p/112k9v
thinks that the internet is the epitome of stupidity 
So far, my only beef with the Sims 3 is that game time is so slow. Why must I wait five minutes for my sim to work? 
So far, no so good. http://tinyurl.com/nuwjt7 Am cry. 
So far.. 2nd year is not so good :| I want 1st year back! 
So far.. No Sims 3 in my possession. 
So far... i know its only the second day of summer but its already slighlty sucky.  i really wanna go back to school, U DONT EVEN KNOW! 
SO Fecking tired. Hotel sucks. Noisy outside and im next door to Bloody water tank  need sleep!
so fed up of having a runny snotty bunged-up nose 
so fed up of it rainin i hate it 
so federa finally won the french open..    i would love to have seen nadal win his 5th consecutive french, but  silly man lot in 4th rd
so flipping bored and so very tired. might go for a nap I think, stupid weather and nothing to do coz I'm skint 
So fluffed off 
so for some reason im really really super stressed n shit and i dont know why... i just wanna move  mainland somewhere, grrrr
so fracking bored. and why does it have to be on a nice saturday 
so freakin bummed about moving to syd!!! 
So freaking close to getting my car back. Told me I could pick it up then call back to tell me there is a crack in the mfing windshied. 
So freaking tired of the same conversation over THREE days! Margaritas are gone  Can't have more wine without the evil eye ...aargh!
So freaking tired that my left eye is literally twitching closed. This has been going on for about 12 minutes. Unfortunately I have work. 
So freaking tired, but gotta go to work 
so freekin bored  not long till my partyy - cant wait (L) badly need a holiday  !
SO FRUSTRATED 
so frustrated I can't get twitterberry to work on my phone.  
So frustrated right now..i jus wanna be alone.  {M.O.D.}
So frustrated w my skin rt now.  My face actually hurts. I'm peeling, yet oily &amp; super broken out. And I take pretty good care of my skin 
so frustrated. ofcourse my iphone completely freaks out when i try to update. no more phone for me tonight 
So fuckin tired and my throat hurts. Last night was fun! Me and katryna found the best apartment ever. I miss my friends already 
So fucking bored!! 
so fucking confuseddddddd. 
so fucking mad. AGH, i hate being 13 and having no liberty or opinion in nothing at all 
so full and i cant take a nap 
So full of sushi. No red bean ice cream though  got Ralphs Italian Ice instead.
So full.. But I feel I didn't eat as much today! Weird 
So glad #BGT has finished, can get back to normal now in the house.. Best hope the wife doesn't find out that Big Brother starts soon.. 
so glad history exam is overrrrr got 1 moree  lool
so glad I don't care anymore.... 
So glad I don't have to deal with the horribly-named I-Way today. However, have to take the baby to the hospital for a barium x-ray study 
So glad i went to senior awards!!!!!!! Too bad mis amigos got into a fight.      
so glad its finally the weekend!!! wish austin was here though 
So glad it's Friday - but wish I wasn't stuck in the damn office  Have a good weekend everyone!! x
So glad its friday! Only 1 week of schol left.  im glad its almost summer though.
so glad its sunny now, but have got an infection in my eye 
Thinks that there are WAY too many hot gay men at Fluffy's! How am I supposed to tell who is straight ahhhh 
thinks that this may be an outlet for a lot of freaky people... not the good one's either 
thinks that this thing is fugly  will see how long i can tahan
thinks that wind + sinuses = pain 
thinks the british summer is over...... before it even got bloody started 
thinks the computers in the library works much better than the PC at home.  http://plurk.com/p/z6cpd
Thinks the interview went okay and thinks the only problem is his lack of a driving license. 
thinks the movie made her dizzy and sick...I don't feel good   #fb
thinks the MTV show 16 and pregnant is a sad show.  why do the dads always leave after the baby is born... jerks!
thinks the new Weird Al song &quot;Craigslist&quot; is freakin' amazing!  So sad that he won't be part of my Del Mar Fair experience this year. 
Thinks the prom was a blast but is haunted with the memories with Sarah back when. 
thinks the 'Ugly Betty' finale for season 3 was so sad  yes, i cried..
thinks the weather is amazing! but sadly cant lie out in it because of revision  bad times
thinks the weather is making her feel &quot;draggy&quot; today!  Gonna ride with it, instead of fighting it! (annoyed... http://plurk.com/p/xngam
thinks the worst part of long distance relationships, is not being able to make up after a &quot;fight&quot; 
thinks there are web msn messenger, but there are no web skype  http://plurk.com/p/pbx8s
thinks there is somethig wrong about me and i have to fix it up..  http://plurk.com/p/ysfc5
thinks there should be more on telli  bored! Bring on 20 to 1!
thinks there should be more then 15 seconds of the new moon trailer released. 
Thinks there's a dead skunk under his car.. 
thinks there's nothing worse than having a keen sense of smell and sitting behind a GIRL w major BO on a plane 
thinks this is the worst game she has ever been at. 
so glad the sun is shining a little today - have the perfect outfit but no shoes 
So glad the weather cooled off in KC!! The rain came. Tossed the umbrella away and played in the rain!!  No water balloon fights today 
SO glad to be back on a computer! Have things already clamed down in La Push? 
So glad to be home..I hate hosptials, and needles.. 
So glad to hear Ellah's emergency surgery went well this morning! I hate it when things happen to little kids like that!! 
So glorious sunshine and BBQs last weekend, and grey skies, rain and hailstones this weekend 
so go to sleep now... tomorrowÂ´s School  Good Night â™¥ Take care
So god damn hot right now . 35 Celsius in the shadow . I think it goes up to 38 in the sun 
So going to bed got history exam tomorrow  can't believe that's my bday over for another year lol
So going watching FC Nantes today. I think we will be getting relegatdd this year 
So good to see Danny in the starting line-up!  And Nando?? Hamstrings again? 
so good..that's why I can't live without it...man this song gone be on repeat while I'm in Cleveland...smh...I'm going to miss my baby! 
So gotta get ready for work - ironing shirts, shaving, packing my bag 
So grandma and mama turned me down for breakfast at ihop 
So grateful for my house, my husband&amp; my puppy. I'm tired and I hurt though. 
thinks this weekend went by too fast 
thinks today's Polly Pockets are a sad come down from the old ones 
thinks tomorrows gunna be a long day. Cant wait to get it over with but really gunna miss everyone 
thinks twitter has something against me. 
thinks twitter sounds like a british word. and misses germany. 
thinks Twitterâ€™s data fill's an ocean in which itâ€™s hard to find a specific fish 
Thinks twitters a tad gay already....screwed me over already... 
Thinks Valve got the L4D2 announcement all wrong 
thinks wearing an orange shirt is not a good idea 
thinks we're all regretting Olive Garden now..is it 10 yet? 
thinks where is he?  http://plurk.com/p/ys2m2
Thinks your sweet but i stil feel ill,  x x
Thinks!!!!!! i should have rented wheelman 
thinks: ceiling lights + ceiling fan = bad = flickering shadows = headache 
thinkz itz gonna b a looonnnggg 5 days....   @ tHa fiGHt or fliGht staGe... http://loopt.us/8D8H6Q.t
thinls she should get outta bed......but..she doesnt wanna 
Third Eye Blind fix via MitP! Had Good Karma Cafe in person, no &quot;pork&quot; buns   still yum then @deannelima's now Nightmare Before Christmas!
So gutted I never got to see Dizzee at Rockness 
so gutted Robert pattinsons twitter aint working 
so gutted, katy perrys postponed to fucking august and i think i go to florida that day. GAY AS FUCK 
So guttered that Ruby got eliminated from NZNTM..  I'm all about supporting the locals. Haha. Hosanna better not win..!
so guys. i went to michigan, sorry about my abscence  oh i cut my hair.. its short and .. back to my naturrallll coluhh.. enjoi. lolz
So H1N1 has finally arrived on our shores.  I read that the SMU girl was in NY for 10days (correction). M'sia's case was from NY as well.
so happy ! thanks for everything god ! thanks for all my friends and all my teacher ! i miss my sanjoseeeeee 
so happy at home. Watching the 3rd X-Men w/Ryan and Champagne. &lt;3 Lexie didn't want to watch the last one. 
So happy I didn't go to the mall! Still not getting ANY twits sent to my phone 
So happy I finished work exp but I am so dreading school on Monday  I have to see her beautiful face. Not a good thing
so happy she has a dvr...since im wide awake 
Third transatlantic flight in two weeeks  why does flying always seem so less fun when going for work?
thirsty 
Thirsty, but I can't me arsed to go down &amp; get a drink, looks like it's the bathroom tap for me 
thirsty. 
thirtty min til open 
thirty minutes turned into three hours. oops 
This  chair hurts my booty  Owww!!
This 2 to 3 hours asleep at night just isn't work 
This 45-seconds-per-update on my GoDaddy hosted WordPress stuff is getting really tiring   @GoDaddyGuy - Any evil happening on my server?
this 90% humidity everyday is pretty muffed. i wish we could wear sandals to work 
THIS AINT LIVING... sick as a dog however calling in isnt an option  
this ain't my day. 
this Air France shit is crazzyy... it's like Lost... and it's freaking creepy, but my heart goes out to all the families.. 
this Air France story is freaking me out a lil, i HATE flying, and im soon going canada.  im sure i'll cry
this air france thing is freaking me out. .... 
This airport has no fast food 
This American can not run on Dunkin', 
This aquarium was a let down  at least I seen dory and nemo http://twitpic.com/6a5fa
This Arizona hell weather is so uncalled for 
this army called pollen is trying to kill me  lol my hayfever is sooooo bad!
This article boils my blood! Cancer patient tells of rips in health insurance safety net http://i.cx/gc ~And she's a retired RN! 
this background sucks! but ill change it later  i hav to study
This bad storm just came out of nowhere and is messin with my power  -R.I.P Auntie
This bag of M&amp;M's tastes funny. 
So happy to be able to move this morning. This body feels a little old  but that's what being out of shape all about...
so happy to see my boys playing with their cousins ..... too bad i forgot my camera 
so happy!!! well tom. is friday!!! SHOPING TIME!! got my orders already don!!! except for the skit!  huhu!!!
so hard to get up and moving this morning  
so hard to get up on these cold mornings 
So hard to sleep when it's hot 
So hard!  I hate  maths and figures! - http://tweet.sg
So having to face the outcome of my last tweet...late nights+early monrnings= being a bad stuwart of my college opportunity!! 
So hecking bored.......  lonely 
so here i am , tweeting to y'all again, like i said this morning. school has ended and i feel rather tearful! 
So here i am staring at the moon tonight, picturing the way your eyes light up when you're dancing in the moonlight. I miss you. 
so here I go to watch Twilight. I'll be back in the moring to tweet goodbye for awhile.  
So here's how my exams went. English/Media/Psychology: A. Legal: A+ Methods: C &lt;--- HAHAHAHA. It's going to get marked down, though 
So hes not coming home today after all 
so he's trying to convince me to go through with it andddd now im freaking stressed out and confused... i hate boyssss. 
So hideously sleepy 
So hilarious : Front page f all newspaper here in DUBAI  wass all about PARIS HILTON..  how sad!!!
so hot in the office as air con been broken for weeks, fans on all round office but they just push hot air around really and not helping 
so hot inside my house 
So hot out here and its gonna be ninety tomorrow   I hate stupid, effing weeds.
So hot out there. I'm in work 
So hot out today! Feet nearly got burnt by the exhaust pipe.  - http://tweet.sg
so hot outside! ughhh dnw summer  spring or fall plz. no summer &gt;:[
So hot outside!!!! 
so hot outside...took pitchas of the dorm today for the site, forgot to pack lunch  decided definitely ragdoll over maine coon 4 first cat
so hot these days and now ........rain,rain and rain again!!! 
So hot today =_=  don't like it and i hate my new timetable, having such a bad week 
So hot today. 
So hot today.  Why must it be a weekday 
So hot!!  - http://tweet.sg
So hot. No AC at home, no AC at work .  99 degrees outside today.
so hott!!! got DT and had to stay in class for a hour and the class was burning!!! power went out and we didnt get to go home 
So hotttt! I fail; I bought pokemon platinum and forgot my ds. 
so how are all my sweet tweets doing?  i'm wishing i had time to work on the man meat blog right now.   kids...woo!
so how bout hottopic has no red or framing hanley shirts for sunday! looks like ill be wearing a t shirt that is just plain red 
So how's everyone liking iPhone OS 3.0, eh, eh? I can't download until I get home at 10:30 
So how's the 3.0 DL? Can only do it later in the evening   #squarespace ehehe
So Hungary from Mitchels Concert I'm like dyeing 4 sum food at this hour 
SO hungover and sore ankle  Glasgow is scary at night 
so hungry but i shouldn't eat after 7... so tired but i shouldn't sleep before 10...  i'm in such a weird limbo right now... 
so hungry I could barf, I'm waaaaaay late on lunch 
So hungry! Just ordered some Chinese food, but its going to be so long til its here!  
so hungry! oh what I'd give for some food delivery right now ! 
So hungry, but going to Florida in 9 weeks and will die unless I lose weight 
so hungry, could go for a warm bake dinner for lunch. Might make myself veges and chicken actually. imu 
This bank holiday weekend is going too fast for my liking! 
this barley stick is making me feel sick... 
This bed feels so dang good, really gonna hate leaving it in about 8 hours.  
This bed is so not workin, I keep sinkin in to brady!! Not fun!! 
This beer cost me 900 yen.!!!! That's almost $9..  http://twitpic.com/4wxrl
This bitch is sitting too close to me. Eww 
this bitch so ugly she make my eyes hurt.... 
This blows!!! I missed the new moon trailer 
this blows. 
This book is amazing, it kills me that i have to take a break from it to do a social project that was initially due last Friday. 
This book is booooring. Why do I have to work on it? 
This book signing is nuts! I'm with @CaseySG at @LaurenConrad's book signing and its packed!!! Might not get an autograph 
This boy is depriving me of sleep and he isnt even doing anything! This is so sad  [23]
This breaks my heart Navy Seal Marcus Luttrell's doggy  http://www.rightpundits.com/?p=3669 I am filled with rage.
This bus is so boring 
this bus is so cold 
This bus smells horrible 
This car wash sucks. They gave me an air freshener &quot;wafer&quot; in a lil baggie. And they spelled new car &quot;nucar&quot; 
This central positioning of http://24ur.com really doesn't look OK 
this chair hurts my ass 
This chick I  havent talked to since Feb just called and said shes bored &amp; wants to do something. I wanted to say I have a gf but I don't 
this chillie is the best thanks mom! but this pink eye is no joke 
This choosing what to do with your life is a pretty big decision, so why do people expect you to know just like that! 
this cinderella did not go to the ball  spent it packing instead.
This class is hellla gay 
This class is pointless.. I got inches from hitting a dog on the road.. Some AH was on my tail all the way to school.. And I'm tired. 
This cleveland game is over. What happened Lebron?  good job to Magic though.
so hungry.  my parents are on holiday- didn't even give flowers or sth to my mom 
So hungry.  should have eaten today.
So hungry. I've only eaten a potato today, and have no other food. 
so hungry.. and my mom wants us to go out somewhere with @_savannahXo.. but shes doing school, and then theres practice! 
so hungry...should have ate 
So hungry.Still in a meeting.. C'mon people.I need some food 
So hyped about E3. I wish I could go... 
So I accomplished nothing today!  At least I have tomorrow off so maybe I'll get things done then.
So I am at home bored cause the rain ruined my plans!!!  When is summer coming?
So I am here in London! Couldn't check in with twitter at airport, phone not roaming  but I made it!
so i am really really sorry! 
So i am trying to work on my foot tan but there is a big ugly cloud in the way 
so i am tweeting for the hell of it. i am so bored. and my ipod is charging. 
So I bought a pair of Bose over the ear headphones, they work great!  An earpiece fell off though and Target wouldn't take them back!!  
so I bought a shirt the other day and found out that it could definitely be used in a wet t-shirt contest 
So I bought my brothers car today and the damn transmission is screwed so now i gotta rebuild it or buy a new one 
SO I BROKE MY TOE  AND IM IN PAIN AND DONT WANNA GO TO WORK.  FML
so i called him ohh 40 mintutes late!? &amp;bkuz i calld him late he fell asleep on the road &amp; crashed &amp; hit 2 big ol trucks!  he almost died!
So I called long distance relatives and some I never told that I love them to let them know I do.  But right now I don't feel loved 
So I called my friend @enigmadevine504 this morning and she igged me 
So I called work and said fuck off! Of course I didn't, heh. But I have told them I will not be in today. I feel like blah all over 
So i cannot even talk now. my voice is completely gone. great. it hurts so bad sleeping isn't gonna happen, oh well. keep trying i guess 
so i cant sleep bummer 
so i changed my twitter BG but its still the zebra stripes?? is that what yall see too  not good
so i cut all my hair off and wtf did i do 
this cold has taken a turn for the worse 
This cold is getting old. I feel just like i did last summer in Europe. 
This cold is just getting worse. 
this cold is killing me. seriously. why do i have a cold now, of all the sunny days in this country? give me a rainy day then! 
this cold weather is really geting olddd 
This cold will kill me one day. Vaporizing now in a desperate bid to get rid of it 
this computer is so freakin stupid 
This conversation between @annosuperstar, @rhymeswithemma and @FatboyRoberts is really disturbing me. Stop it with the  chest-pooping! 
this cough hurts my throat 
this cough is driving me crackers 
this cough is killing me 
this cough session will never end  will it? 
This could turn out to be an expensive day. I need a sugardaddy 
This course is hella boring and after today I'll still have to go and do part 2 tomorrow. 
This crazy guy is stalkin the ice cream man &amp; we couldn't get any ice cream 
this crazy thunderstorm has left me rather bored. 
This d60 of mine is not worth the plastic used to build it... Anyone got a d200 they can throw my way? (or a d90!!!)  
This dance station is playing that Milkshake song, haven't heard it in years. I'm going to probably be singing it in the morning. 
this darn cold just keeps getting worse  i bought some hayfever pills just to try out maybe i've had that all along
This day blows 
This day does not get any better does it? I've left my chapstik at home. 
This day has been complete waste of time. Also the mood isn't so great either. It just sucks if anything doesn't go the way I planned.. 
this day has been god-awful. freaking chores all day. was supposed to get together with my friend, but soooo many chores that i couldn't. 
This day has been horrible  but now I have to go cheer for my cousin at her pageant
This day has completely spiraled out off control! Just waaayyy 2 much excitement!!! r u ready, laundry day  watching 24 helped this day!
so i decided 2 take a moment durin mah wii workout tyme and i saw the most upsettin news......WTF i shoulda stayed locked n 
so I didn't get the job 
so i didn't go to church this morning anywhere because i think the last month finally caught up with me. i am still so tired too 
so I didn't have icing, being the brilliant me i put chocolate whipping cream instead, now the cream is slowly melting ON THE CAKE! FML 
so I didn't have icing, being the brilliant me i put chocolate whipping cream instead, now the creame is slowly melting ON THE CAKE! FML 
So I do believe its my teeth/jaw that has the problem.  Dentist time I guess...yay me 
So i don't have a pet snake anymore  stupid boys.
So i dont think my text messages are workin...  im frustrated.
so i dont work saturdays. and i still got up at 530, got ready for work... almost walked out the door before i realized, it's saturday 
So i downloaded x men 2 and it took two weeks, i finally get it , start to watch it and its in spanish ! Fail 
so i feel like crap 
So I feel like its been so long since I've seen the boyfrand...I miss him  well at least I'll see him tomorrow...I hope
so I fell off the roof, bruised every inch of me...tomorrow is gonna suck 
so I finally gave into Twitter and created a new private account to follow specific individuals  sadly TweetDeck isn't updating my groups
so i finally go to sleep since i pulled an all-nighterish last night to study..and when i wake up, my mom yells at me to study 
So I finally signed up to twitter! My MSN isn't working though.. 
so i forgot my passsword for twitter and i can't log on till they send it to me. 
so I found a cruise I would LOVE to do at some point... but it is $10K+ for the CHEAPEST cabin! 
so I found out there's a typo in the media guide: should be Andres YUNGO Torres, not VUNGO... too late, already made the fanpage w/ VUNGO 
So I get back home late and the freaking door inside the garage is locked lol looks like ill be sleepin on the floor on the porch 
This day is about to be filled with crazy bizz-e-ness.Fathers day is tomorrow. Shopppping! Fotoshoot. Grad party.. G2 suck up How I feel 
This day is all messed up 
This day is bad. I feel bad and I think I fail in exam 
This day is going by TOO FAST...maybe because I've only been up since 1pm but STILLL 
This day is going to be soooo long. Cedeic was right! It just hit me! Wow,,,I think the Bacchus energy drink isvsesring away slowly! 
This day is just too long. It is cold and rainy  and worst of all, not over yet.
this day is never ending  My head doesn't want to stay up and my eyes dont want to stay open...soo sleepy!
this day is not a good day for me 
This day is so boring. 
This day is so happy but so sad at the same time..first year since my grandma 
this day is so hard  i don't like it!
this day is so long 
This day officially sux.. bad mood and stuff like that 
this day starts my week of actual responsibilities    well just till thursday, then it's vacation time!!!!
this day stinks, first it is raining out blah! and now my pic is a lil x  I'm gonna go take a cat nap
this day sucks already - fucking hatboro 
This day sucks so far.. nothin could cheer me up now   
this day sucks. sick as a dog, moose lose and now pens are losing. 
this day turned out horrible. 
This day went by way too fast - could it be because this I'd my last week of mat leave 
This dead layer of skin is annoying the hell out of me 
This Degrassi episode right now is killing me 
This dentist better fix my jaw.  I just wanna eat a cheeseburger 
this dentist's office is cold :/
this diet fng isnt workin out for me. i eat MORE now..  how will i eva loose weight now(
This doesnt feel like im on summer break to me 
this doesnt feel right, being home totally alone. anyone spare 5mins to pop round and give me a hug? 
This doesn't feel the same  I feel like I'm the one gettin played .
This Doesn't slow down my colouring...I hope not anyways 
This Drawzilla remix is kicking my ass. 
this drink is making my throat hurt more  and i need to convince corey to go to jacks mannequin concert! obvs will be in need of advil...
This dude just pissed me off... smh.. can't even start my saturday on the right foot.. not gonna let one monkey stop my show 
this dude kps following me&amp;deliberately sneezing on me.bastard!therz an apparent pandemic&amp;im a hypochondriac.mo wnts home 
this dumb phone jus woke me up cuz somebody wants to dial the wrong num 6 sumthin in the morning  o well back to sleep i go
This duznt look too gd... we werent suppose to give away these runs  #PakCricket
this eating healthy ordeal has me light headed right now... where are the burgers, fries and milkshakes I'm used too 
So I get to duck out of work early, but thanks to Brown Line delays I'm going to miss my Metra and be stuck in Chicago an extra hour 
So I get to the airport early (which I never ever do) and I find out my flight is delayed until 9:35pm!  I want to cry~
So I get up early and I feel good about the day. I walk to work and I'm feeling alright. But guess what... I don't work today. 
so i got 40 BEATS DONE COMPLETE, TOP NOTCH QUALITY....but rocbattles wanna fuck up right when i made my exclusive membership 
So I got a call back, but they arnt hiring fulltime, just part time. 
SO I got a headache so unfair to the one side of it that doesnt feel it 
so I got here to the party and there's no party yet. oh well, I get to watch TVVVVVVVV!!!!! WHOO Lord knows I miss it! 
So I got screwed for the overall.. Even though I won 2/3 events.. Tied with some local kid for overall and they gave it to him 
so i got to my exam centre n they said we can't let u becuz of your sleeveless top! U cud BELIEVE that!? i had to go home 
So i guess 8 miles for krispy kreme is no go  no free donuts por mi
so i guess chinese food gave me a headache  boo
So I guess Ed McMahon won't be showing up on my door step today... 
so i guess he jus thought this was suppose to be jus a fling   wish i woulda known it was gonna be like that b4 we started goin together!
So i guess i didnt leave myself enough time to get lost! Iv been walking for hours! I have blisters! 
so i guess i no longer have a ride to revamp tomorrow. i love how my parents deny me church related activities. needa work this out 
So I guess I wont be seeing Dany Heatley in a #leafs jersey any time soon   http://bit.ly/h1JWr
so i guess im goin 2 sleep. my phone dont wanna wrk 
so I guess I'm not wrong.  My heart just sunk to my stomach.  I feel sick.   I can't take this. 
So I guess it's official that the new software is out for iPhone. I will not be downloading for a few hrs.  oh well..
So I guess my 3 in 1 printer is just a 1 in 1 printer.  It can't print or copy anymore, just scan.... 
so i guess my dog wants to be a dalmatian... when we came home from the ER she was covered in oil. poor puppy 
So I guess no1 wants 2 come 2 Florida wit me in july? 
so i hate my life and just realized i totally confused the weeks of june and now i realize i have 2 weeks left of sum school 
so I hate tuesdays...i have dis long ass break...ughh my next class starts at 1:15 
So i have 2more days left of high school !  it all came way too fast
This economy is really hurting the theater. This was the least amount of people present in the past 2 yrs. Pasadena Playhouse. 
This episode of Charmed makes me cry 
this episode of criminal minds is so sad 
this episode of degrassi makes me so mad. i get so anxious when i watch it. Poor rick. i know youre a wife beater but bullying is wrong 
this episode of JONAS makes me sad  i hate penny BITCH  :@:@
this essay is laggy  as hell i need to write another 500 things and running out of things to say  and still got bibliography to do.
This evening I recognized that there is no projectionists for tomorrow 1900 till 0200... So I know what I'll do tomorrow evening 
This evening I will be mostly playing with MS SQL, and looking up Asus service procedures; the left click is all but gone on my EEE 900 
this evening,picking up n'pop and go for dinner at Ta Lum Tum Tum (som-tum),Major Avenue..decided to go home(not clubing tonite)..   
This fast train is very slow 
this feeling like I'm gonna puke is called 'sadness' right? I didn't know how bad I'd miss my school.   http://twitpic.com/6jdj6
this feeling sucks. and i cant stop getting you out of my mind. you always came back to my mind, if everything goes wrong for me. 
This feels like talking to myself. I need more followers. 
This fever is killing me.. 
This film is all wrong... trying not to compare it to the book, but it's difficult. 
this fire isn't the same wif out wu 
This flu is killing me  or may be i don't know how to get rid of it
this foe on intervention is FUCKED up 
this freekin weather is really messing up my plans dammit! this sucks! 
this fucking cough i have won't go away 
this fucking flu... ugh 
This game has took a bad turn  but hey we still get another at bat
This game is officially pissing me off...  I don't know what to do.  
This game is too close...  Cmon Orlando MAYNE!!!
This game is ugly 
This game is WAAAAY more complicated than it should be 
This game made me mad! Damn Denver! 
This GAR keeps going out - 3rd relight 
This girl at the bar just told me she likes my shirt and that she has herpies.    wtf
so i have a question? how do u respond to ppl's comments  sorry guys im new at this lol
So I have been running at least 25 miles/week yet I am gaining weight.  Please let this be muscle 
So I have decided that Twitter is worse than TV commercials 
So I have my new phone. Now I just have no contacts in it  Hopefully can get that done tonight.
So I have no idea why I'm such a loser  can someone tell me why?
so i have the next two days off, but i have meetings on each day, so it's not really a day off!!  boo  
So I have to apologize to the Twittersphere for being completely insane today, I blame lack of basic human essentials, like love  jk. Nite
so i have to bring food to this pleasure party so i guess i will take them the left over grapefruit hahahaha im such a bad guest lol 
so I have to get up at like 6. to go to a funeral. and it's really sad. and the only black skirt I own is too small, but too bad for me 
So i have to pee and the next rest area is fifty miles away 
so i have to wake up at 3ish but im not ready for bed yet 
So I have to write a set of directions for my replacement... WTH am I gonna write? ...This is why I wanna be an editor! 
So I haven't gotten much of a chance to be on here lately because of work and I won't be on here today either. 
So i havn't been getting any mobile updates for about 2 hours now and i missed out on all my raa kids' tweets! I feel so out of the loop 
So i hear the nuggets are getting killed.  I guess it's a good thing i'm not watching
So i heard from my bff for once in like forever.  woohoo.
So I heard school was out next Tuesday but I guess it's next Friday!!!  ugh!!!! We are watching Deep Impact in astronomy which just
So i heard that &quot;NaS &amp; Kelis&quot; are getting a divorce. She filed the papers. That sad anoher hip hop couple bite the dust 
So I heard that the Brewhouse isn't coming back. RIP Microbrewery, tasty cocktails and amazing food.   forever.
So I heard the nuggets game was awesome. Did anybody tape it? I want to watch at least one game. 
So I held hands with a boy and it was like a bolt of electricty ran through me, I think I really like him 
So I installed ubuntu and it all looked rather lovely. Then it turns out the PC has an overheating problem  sad now.
So I jus got my dog back from the spca and I missed him so much I wanted him to sleep with me but he wants to sleep under my bed instead 
So I juss got mii ticket number at the dmv...mii nbumber is e753 nd e isn't evn on the effin board...this is gonna take 4eva 
So I just balled my eyes out. Keith is an amazing and really sad movie. It's even more sad the second time you watch it... 
This girls perfume smell like a litter box. 
This God and Redemption class is really killing me. Luckily it'll be done in a week and a half. Then onto the next class 
This goddamned conn. is absolutely unusable for even a single API call right now  Reading Intel's architecture manual Vol 3 to pass time
This goes down in my book of day's I do not like 
this goes on..and on...and when is it going to over?? 
this going to be a long day! working 9-9 
This graduation was depressing! next time it will be me and my friends... my gosh life comes at you fast 
This gran prix is killing me  poor jenson
This guy I babysat when I was 13 is trying to get me to meet him at this party but my exboyfriend is there too 
This guy I rang up earlier was named &quot;Jan Van Damme&quot;..but it wasn't Rambo 
this guy in front of me is playing cs...but he needs a shower 
This guy is good tbh. Album release maybe but not a winner 
This guy is so confusing  Wtf ! Can i get some English ?
This guy is so layed back but it's the same song  He won't win...
this guy IS very good (the best?) http://tinyurl.com/mof472 ...but.. well, i guess i just don't like change  #metal #drummers #fearfactory
this guy nose is a bit different than the other American guys  but still hott! http://bit.ly/jK9Wn
This guy on the bus has literally been talking for half an hour about ewndom nothings. I think he's drunk. Or retarded  kill me.
This has been a dismal week. 
This has been a fabulous vacation, but it's going to be over much too soon... and then back to work 
this has been a rough couple weeks...1st my friends parents found my good friend dead at home 
This has been an amazing week don't want it to end! 
this has been the longest day EVER. got to work at 8 am. Still waiting for @Bruce_Patterson and Carolyn to swing by and rescue me. 
so i just dropped my laptop for the first time  great move chloe
So I just found out my apt. does not have wireless internet like I thought. I don't know where my cable is, so until then no internet. 
so i just got back from alex's fairwell party. i will miss that weirdo. 
so I just got back from the dentist and I'm soo not happy because apparently I'm going to have oral surguery 
so i just made a realization, i never want to grow up.  when i was little i couldn't wait to be older and now...ahhh make it stop 
So I just made the best french toast of my life, but I ate it in 2.5 seconds bc I was so hungry  I don't even remember what it tasted like
so i just took my can 2 get fixed now it sounds funny 
So I just tried to eat and it taste like nothin like I was eatin foam...omg I'm really hella sick 
so i just tried to make the american flag on paint  it was sadddd.
So I just watched the video by taylor swift &quot; you belong with me&quot; it's so cute, but happy ending don't happen that often 
So I just went to move my car and there were ants all around my car. I hate ants. Now I feel like they're crawling all over me. 
So I just woke up &amp;&amp; my throat feels sore 
So I keep shifting frm  to  back to  not kool !!
so i know i just had a vacation, but i got no recoup time FROM that. just feel tired 
so i know this is wierd, but i totally donated a LARGE some of money to The Holy See. I thought it would earn me some penance 
so i lied, i cant sleep 
So I lied... I'm actually still awake. No sleep  hmmm btw funny how the only thing I ate yesterday was a hotpocket and 9 twizzlers.
so I lost my phone on the glof course today  Playing the wsop 2k buy in event tomorrow but updates are gonnna be few and far between
So I made a great pizza to take home from work, put it in the oven, cut it, boxed it.. Locked it in the store 
So i made my self feel worse. I cant believe i stayed here again y didnt i jst get the movies and leave  &lt;invisible&gt;
this has been the worst day.......  sometimes i really don't like my life.
This has shown me that I suck at guitar and well never be in a band.  need a new goal in life now 
this hasn't been a very productive day for me...  and i don't see the week being much better
this hay feaver is killing me today....... 
This hayfever is not even right! KMT! I can't breathe, I've got sticky eyes and my throat hurts 
This hayfever is soooo not cool 
This headache is keeping me from sleeping 
This headache is killing me yet I need to cover some boring police event. 
this headache is making me feel sleepy... 
this headache is slowly killing me...how much more advil does it take???I already took 1200 mg and it is still there 
This headache is still splitting my head open, for the 4th day in a row now. 
This headache makes me feel like I have to vom.  I think I should probably stop wearing my contacts.
This headache needs to cease 
this heat is unbearable 
This hella fucking sucks getting up this early. I feel like i didnt even sleep 
This herniated disc sucks.  I'm stuck mostly on my back when I could be out riding. 
this holiday summer is so boring ...i don't know what i can do  =(
this homework is far too hard, i feel like sitting and sulking like a five year old haha 
this hoodys almost too small now  i wanna watch bliss -takethat weekend, remote got taken from me, longgggg
This hospital visit bought to you by less free wifi 
This house has been filled with people for the past 3 nights..now it's empty, and I feel lonely 
this http://bit.ly/hGWxI  doesn't help my fear of flying... 
This hurts. Its like a dagger in my heart. 
this insomnia's killiNg me. SERIOUSLY 
this internet is driving me insane. i think its telling me i need to go be productive 
this iPhone maps app is a liar. I am lost. 
This Iran election is terrible.   http://bit.ly/3jipiK
this Iran stuff is freaking me out... 
This is a bad time to be hooked on Twilight..........11 assignments due by May 29th 
This is a bit irrelevant in light of all the Iran stuff, but why can't website notification SMSes go to my Google Voice #? Never works 
This is a CSS nightmare! 
This is a heart warming story.. Brought tears to my eyes  http://bit.ly/ryi5p
This is a highly uneventfull weekend 
This is a joke the one morning I have to wake up early and I cant fall asleep the night before 
This is a Loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong DAY. Wanna go home. 
This is a nightmare.  Dina NEEDS to win.
this is a pain! seesmic's new a/c choosing ways are broken I guess 
This is a pseudo tweet 
This is a really bad year for me. The only subject I got a 100% is probably English  #squarespace
This is a said way of getting developers attention 
This is a sucky start of a summer break  hope it gets better it's like winter here
This is a test tweet. My last 2 tweets via dabr disappeared 
So I may have a vaca day today but wont know until I get there  in Phoenix, AZ http://loopt.us/xnGQVg.t
So I may not really be around. So don't fret, nothing to do with the bump, it just means I won't have any real access until DH gets home. 
So i might get my dog back which is good news but then its followed by bad news of me messing up at work 
So I might need back surgery?  Stupid dance. Blechh.
So I miss my boos.... @KylaRobertson, @jaykay35 and @mleek85 
so i must really be thicker than i thought lol 
So I need a costume for tonight and I am having trouble 
So i need a real job. This subbing is really taking its toll on my sleep habits.  And i  have no $. 
So I need to finish a book in 12 hours. 
so i need to get some rest yet im still up how wonderful 
So I no computer for me yesterday 
so I oficially don't like my phone  it turns off out of no where
So I once won this award for a picture I'd done, the trophy was ceramic. My naughty dog just did some redecoration &amp; destroyed it 
So I planned on going out tonight for a few drinks.....Then remembered my credit card expired today and the banks are closed 
so I plug the battery into the battery charger - and the fuse blows  
So i pulled a muscle in my back..  it constantly feel like theres a knife in the left side of my lower back.. WHAT A SUMMER TREAT!
So I put my picture up... I know, I know... Im so gagster it hurts. lol Nah not even a little bit...  oh well.
so i realized just now that it's technically tonys, not tony's...am ashamed. 
So I really can't fall asleep at my father's house without nyquil ? 
So I really hate packing  but it has to get done...
So I really like  the hat i stole form Chris Morbitzer  and kinda want to get one but I don't know where. So sad 
So I really need to put the laptop down &amp; start getting ready for @melancholyjeans shindig...But I've missed my TwitterLoves all day 
so i remembered that this is the one site i can actually use in  school that isn't blocked...how interesting...web design=boredome 
So I sent my laptop to HP in Houston to get fixed...houston is flooded FMLaptop 
So I set my alarm to late and now I don't have time for my run!  is it bad that I don't mind ... Someone come make me breakfast ;)
so i showered but i DIDNR dry my hair &amp;now my pillow's all wet 
so i signed onto Curly Tail's twitter site and i have NO IDEA how to get it to work on my blackberry - i feel like my mom   drea
This is about the time that I hate that our last name starts with a w. Looks like we are only halfway through 
this is absurd ! I feel like a dipping in the pool real quick . its too bad i dont have a poool 
This is alivefest plus my new shoes sweet  http://twitpic.com/7qvxo
This is an awfully familiar feeling. 
This is an old boyfriend of mine from wayyyy back in the day... He was always drinking and riding... Please pray for the family.. 
This is annoying. I'm going to wash my hair. That will be a pain too only cuz half of its relaxed &amp; the other is natural 
This is awkward. I'm the only one here and I don't have a key yet so i'm just sitting outside my work. Hope someone gets here soon. 
this is bad driving conditions! Really rainy so spray means its hard to see  at services now x
This is bad. I lost one follower.  I need eleven more. 
This is boring!!!! sorry 
this is bullshit!! i want a twitter app for my phone!!!!!! 
This is by far the weirdest movie Ive ever seen.  Im in it for the kids though.  No need to drug babies 
This is corrupt file city, come on FTP, upload the files 
this is crazy... love one person and strong feelings for another... oh mann... the worst part you ask? they are best friends!  im horrible
This is creepy and sad, I want the little faeries to come back. 
this is damn confusing lah. and the only reason why did someone else take alcohollywood? now im stuck with alc0h0llyw00d.. 
This is definitely not a day for the gym.  But i have to go and force myself to get up 
This is depressing. I had my leftover Siam Cuisine today; it was so delicious I wanted more, but only had a tiny portion leftover. 
This is depressing.. Across the road from the exchange but only 25% of the BB speed available. ADSL sucks!  http://twitpic.com/6u12m #fb
this is drivin me nuts not being able to talk with my husband!!...god i miss him so much i wish he was home already  tierd of being alone
This is either going to be a really long rain delay or a really wasted, much-needed offensive outburst for the Tigers 
this is embarrassing who wants to set up texting via phone for me cuz i can't 
This is for the better. This is for the better. This is for the better. I wish I believed it though 
This is frustrating. Idk if i can keep this up. 
This is fucking gay... Grrrr i wish i could go to town 
this is getting hard 
this is getting ugly....  will good eventually sprout out of it?
This is gettn ridiculous... Just got 2 more speedn tickets in the mail! I think i'm @ 5or6 now for the yr - each @ $181  Not ok...
this is going to be a busy week... 
this is going to be a long weekend 
This is going to be a loooong weekend...   
This is going to be the most boring summer I've ever had. No friends, no gym, no anything. No fun. 
This is going to suck...being brought to and picked up from work like a school child. 1st day of no car begins. 
This is gonna be the longest/slowest week ughhhh 
This is gonnna be a long boring day 
This is good! I have to sacrifice and wait until tomorrow to finish.  Goodnight tweeps
this is hard. 
this is horrible ive been planing a trip for months and now its just all fucked up 
This is horrible to watch and as bad as last tuesday night  #Arsenal
This is horrific   For shame, THS.  http://is.gd/LtPr
This is horrific.  Stomach-turning evil.   http://tinyurl.com/p965hu HOW can anyone do that?
@sammiebabesxo ruined what? 
@sammieep my mum wouldn't let me, i guess i'll just get it from asda or whereever one the day 
@sammieepaige are you mads at me??? 
@sammieepaige i have no soda.  dr. pepper is the bestest. 
@sammieepaige you need the alcohol stuff. put it one before it gets infectedd. 
@SammieSmee  Not good at all. How come it's been cancelled? x
@SammieSummer  i hope she gets better soon. (:
@SammietheRabbit I missed you too!!!  and @alithered77 you should feel warm and fussy! I ignore a lot a people!! Except my k-v.com girls!
@SammiiSTACK dammit i wanna go to the city 
@sammipunk you should've donated to JDRF 
@sammonti I haven't seen you since.. I don't even remember! Show yourself to meeeee. 
@sammonti My video for u!! I am sad bear 
@sammwong @arvin_singh not in Betty's case - she won't get Archie if he marries Veronica #goteambetty 
@Sammy__Whammy 
@sammy_ammy_ooh: Omg the one where it has people crying in it and its playing that jackson five song? Its so sad. 
@sammy_boy think of the money Sam, looks like you and @_nanu_ could both do with a career change 
@sammy_DQUE I looooooooooooove that movie but I can't find it  I need to go buy another one but idk where to get it cuz its kinda old. &gt;_&lt;
@sammy0109 sorry I'm just doing laundry  folding clothes and picking up and stuff
@sammy1986 aw same :/ i have a bad headache completely 
@sammy1986 i know !   i watched it.  how sad ?!    i hate sunburn btw.
@SammyClaire There's a parade for the Lakers and all of downtown is probably blocked off! 
@sammycocochanel aww crap they dont have episode 4 on utube  jeans, hoodie and the shoes i wor friday. lol and my skarf and beanie. wbu ?
@sammycocochanel rofl i miss it sooo much!  like it was only bout 2 weeks ago. and i had no work to do. now i am SOO busy 
@sammydawnnn i'm missing your love too. 
@SammyDizzle88 after goin to the ranch together...i thought we were better friends than this  HAHA
@sammyeatworld BBwahaha, sorry, I'm bored 
@sammygotswag it was dumb  not prettyy enough wahh haha but so glad we did it together 
@sammyistheshizz: haha trust me, meee toooo. i overreacted but my mom has this greek pedastal thing &amp; i was on her bed and slammed my toe 
@sammyjuddmcfly oh..  You'll be better, ok! I hope so!
@sammyjuddmcfly why? 
@SammyKibbe ME TOO 
@sammylau my weekend is all math and history. 
@sammylee88 if you meet Selena tomorrow, have her call me yeah? 
@SammyLou3 ahh yes, good theory! but it's 2 and a half more months  but yes, i am v glad  summer timez for me! when're you done?
@SammyMit i hate you :@ i wish i coulda been there!!! 
@sammyrichards Hi Sammy, you really are not liking it up there atm are you 
@sammyrichards Morning im stuck at work today 
@sammyrichards yep same over here. Yahoo imap server seems to be the problem. Web and POP access do work 
@sammyrichards yes yahoo + iPhone not working for me 
@sammyruth OMG do you remember when myspace was actually useful? Now it's all trashy trannies like Tila Tequila &amp; hott glitterpix 
@sammysainjsane ohh, it was aweful, i'm starting to like the cut but the colour's gross 
@sammythe59sound tottaly agree- love the manics, cant believe they clash with nine inch nails at t in the park 
@SammyTheDuck wowee theyve thought of everything!  can you believe ive only mentioned cats 14 times? and i call myself a cat lover 
@sammyw1974 Hope you had a great weekend~I did since my hubby came home on Sunday, but sad that he leaves again in the am for 10 days 
@sammyw1974 My love wont talk to me either...went offline and was gone... 
@sammywhammmy noooo  but I will make it happen this summer. I am hotel stalking lol
@SammyZincLips okay 
@samnicyu oh no. I hope you get well soon 
@samnicyu Thanks Samantha! Didn't you hear? I continued reading it yesterday after 3 week break and my sister went and ruined the ending. 
@Samnite umm, yes. I also recently discovered it and am savoring each disc. Sadly I think I only have one left. 
@SamNUK I know i do  the problem is when ever i listen to music I always do it with my ipod, even at home &amp;i never think to sync my itunes
@SamNUK So your day isn't synccing properly either? Bummer dude 
@samovarious I think my laptop has died 
@samovarious Ooh yay! That'd be good, I forgot to bring a jar over with me 
@sampaints 
@Sampalm  ... but i can't i'm sad 
@Sampalm  i can't vote for  her i'm #frustraded  :@ 
@sampan22 @SmittenKitten4D hello my lovlies..how are you today.. I'm on a BORING train journey.. 
@sampan22 finally working out this twitter thang! Don't think i can make it next Sat as all the cheap hotels are fully booked 
@sampan22 Hmm...well i have my spies out there who will be investigating his disappearance..Lol.. I just miss him   Kate is gonna have FUN
@sampan22 I know something: You go to Crete and buy me tix for nkotb.. lol... never mind.. I can't go in Oct... 
@sampo_ilmari http://twitpic.com/7vaq8 - You look high. And unhappy. 
@sampo_uk I do have my own but demand 5 isn't worlking atm 
@sampo_uk What happened in the last neighbours. It's very unlikely that i will watcch it. 
@sampsonian  Wot you dood?
@samr7 at least you took some econ all I took was physics, nutrition, and astronomy as my cross over class. I'm not informed 
@samrawit what's your number lol I don't know it 
@samsamsammm i miss you!!  stupid work!
@samscythe this makes me sad 
@samstigler I don't think they do 
@SamStreet69 I didn't know they needed serviced  Just got them MOT'd last month!
@SamStreet69 really? Hope it picks up for the weekend, supposedly on holiday but still fielding work calls 
@samT14 im using my savings to make the 1st payment cos im skint  at least once its out the way i'll only have 200 to pay!
@Samtagious I sooo wants one  lol
@Samtagious Thanks, it made me cry too 
@Samtagious This seems like the hundredth problem Twitter has had since I joined. I'm almost convinced that I broke it 
@samtaters i had planned to go yesterday but got tied up with decorating projects at home &amp; now i'm back at work 
@samthepenguin wow! good blind boxing! we dont have any BZ's left  so we can't help you with MIss Mishka and TTT good luck!
@Samthepoodle We get low carb stuff too.  One of our humans has diabetes 
@Samtherockstar   http://bit.ly/KaOdm    the  eggplant shirt :0
@samuel why d status? i said something which i shudnt haf said. 
@samuel_l_bronko Noooo ... the Bulls went down? 
@samuelbeckett1 PLEASE DON'T GO COMPLETELY DEAF  That Muse ticket would be a COMPLETE waste of money x)
@SamuelHorler Well I haven't started as the history cd isn't working for me 
@SamuelOsoski... HAVE FUN TODAY BABE. WHILST I'LL BE AT HOME. WITH PORN. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA KIDDING KIDDING. NAHHH LORRY'S HOME TOO 
@SamuelOxley got woken up in the middle of the night by an alarm over the road which went on for an hour! Sleepy 
@samuelrutldge @chiaslut The real problem for me is that I need a way to manage multiple accounts. DestroyTwitter won't work for that. 
@samuelsimpson heyyy sorry I missed a load of your messages  not been paying enough attention! how's things?
@samueltwitt1 http://twitpic.com/4j2ra We made you the number 2 trending topic, then Twitter decided to hate on you. Sad 
@SamuelW_ my day was fantastic, besides work. cloud 9 for me. sorry youre having a challenging moment. major suckage. 
@samuelwincheste aww that's so unfair  well theirs always that offer of a male stripper, but I think we'll have to hide his guns first!
@samuraikitten something like that. 2morrow is supposed to be 82 or higher 
@samuraipunch bummer 
@SamVerhasselt Let's just say I'm glad it's over! ...nah, I loved it really, I'll definitely miss uni 
@samversionone Yea on sunday especially when I barely do any work during the rest of the week. 
@samwashere aww that sucks, and on a Saturday too 
@samwattsmusic they are bad cancelling people with liquid diarrhoea for brains 
@samwilliamh bah, and i still gotta finish some work for tomorrow 
@samwolfson I wish. MORE further maths next tuesday 
@Samxsampson sometimes i don't get my twitter updates either. the baby bird with the big feet is dead 
@Samyall lol has to be tesco nowadays. but its just not the same  no chance of seeing jamie oliver in there is there??
@SanaArshad WTF!? Hmmm, yo u should have gotten it by now! 
@sanamalik1992 sub pata hai...lol em jealous... u njoying holidays like anything.. n me 
@Sanamis I haven't seen you in ages 
@SanamNaqvi I'll be bk on 10th, only going fr 2weeks. Gotta cut my trip short coz my graduation is on the 11th! Booo  when r u coming?
@sanasaleem did you got the Danger Mouse (DM)  - i mis that cartoon 
@sanasaleem oops! Thought I saw someone wishing u on ur page! My bad 
@sanasaleem very bad you were in such a hurry .. 
@SanaTawileh i was told phones were too  so jealous! hehe
@SanaTawileh this arabic digital consumerism thingy  !!!
@sanchaaaa you can't spell bitches 
@SANCHEZJAMIE at least you get to go eat. Im stuck in class not doing shit!  i think i might be going there maybe around the 19th or 20th!
@sandarara Sorry you're not feeling well, Sandra!  
@sandbarmark nope, I am going to Bathurst 
@sandcoffee agreed. its just her lyrics are basically everything 15/16 year olds go thru lol 
@sandee79 us behave? Never! It sucks yall r'nt gna b w/us  I'm rather sad....have fun &amp; b safe. Keep tweetin ;)
@sandell Dude today was my last Chipotle sunday  .. ever. Now I'm munchin on the leftover chips and salsa
@SandiCox yeah. I didn't get any 
@sandiemc4 How come Im following you but never see your updates 
@SandiHockeyMom GOTTA hug mommy!!! How old are they? I need to be prepared!! 
@sandihs Yeah! We got up this morning and made very good time on the drive back - dread work tomorrow!  
@sandiloo Holidays are over  and assignments are getting too close!
@SandiMon  i'm bummed it's not working .. not even wooshes ..  ... maybe it's a sign to rest ...
@SandiMon @endlessblush yeah it wasn't great. A *lot* of systematic negligence happening is my main issue 
@SandiMon @mr_billiam Chirnside Park was nice - great views of the Yarra Valley. Wasn't there long and Twitter was down so no reports 
@SandiMon especially when you are in insolation  .. hope the rest of your family doesn't get it .. i know you love to share .. but
@SandiMon Good Morning - hope you're feeling better.  BTW not going  .. possible stalker sent weird messages again overnight.
@SandiMon I didn't do anything. Only one person called me besides @CocoaNCream. 
@SandiMon I hadn't no. Been kinda snoozing on the couch this morning. Another late nite on Twitter   Hey @endlessblush Nice helmet 
@SandiMon it's raining?? definitely not raining here  just cold and miserable
@SandiMon LOL that one way to go bushwalking :-P don't know any games btw   if you find some tell me!
@SandiMon too late I already am   .. *blergh* .. i'm dvd-ing and soup-ing tonight.  How's your day been?
@SandiMon where do you live ... no rain at my place - jealous . also jealous of your roof .. I don't have a steel roof 
@SandiMon yes, I passed on my apologies to @mr_billiam.  Sad I won't meet a few on the list ;)- was excited!!  but will make the next one.
@SandiNJ I can't imagine how terrifying this must all be for you. 
@sandkatt I'm not allowed to play MMORPG's anymore   They turn on my Chinese farming gene and I go crazy.  Oh WoW, how you ruined me. . .
@sandoi wat surgery is that?? nvr tell.. 
@sandra101s booo not fair lol ya cheatin on me lol ya supposed to wait for me 
@sandradictation What Simone just showed you  .. all of them in Soulja Boy's chat.
@sandrainky I prefer bourbon. Except I'm medicated for tendinitis in foot  &amp;can't drink. But must drink &amp; climb tog sometime (JATD?)
@SandraRazo1 For sure! Wouldn't miss it. Below 21 of course. 
@sandraseifert I saw you on Wowowee! Heehee! When is Michael coming home? I haven't talked to him in ages! 
@sandrinecharles Inger &amp; I have been tryna get @Ms_Andrews 2 come 2 Sues 4 ages! She always said she was gonna come &amp; neva has 
@SandwichINK  Yes its like the Internet without Google. 
@sandyberman still in beantown   I actually sleep better in SF.
@SandyCalico You will have to listen for me as DH has made me switch it off  BOO!
@sandydemandy =O I wish I could just afford the verizon version flat out when it drops.....but I can't...and don't have an upgrade... 
@SandyHopkins too short  but good....how was yours love?
@sandyjaya iya om..thankyouu yahh!  medicine is my best fren lately!  kapan nie k apt tay?? http://myloc.me/3Zw2
@SandyLambright taco diner just isn't the same without you... 
@SandyLovesMiley hahaha not much! just boreeeeeeed, YES im sick! 
@SandyMcIlree aren't u famous? Everyone knows JB and Sandy in Austin. Guess I need to unfollow. 
@Sandyodeeee I did indeedy! Where did you go? 
@SandyPaws Sorry to distract you!!  So, I had better not mention the Lovlieness That Is Gabriel Byrne any more, then. WHOOPS! Sorry :-D
@SANDYRAHRAH i'm so sorry for your loss sandra 
@sandysebaystore Thank you love! It is beginning to ease off now. I seem to get these every month these days 
@SandySweetness Bad news, I'd send you some food over, but it'll be cold (and a bit soggy) after crossing the Atltantic 
@Sandyybabyy awww. Without me  I'm hurt!
@sandyzahler dont know, really.  cant understand it
@sangeee OHHHHHHH MY GOD  (i feel bad for the kid too)...
@sangeeta_ I wish the !timemachine worked 
@SAngelloLIVE  @AN21live that really really REALLY sucks  ...  finger cross for the police to find back some of your stuffs...
@SAngelloLIVE I'm sooo jealous... Eating a pizza caprese right now  Enjoy!
@sangishyam i just hope i feel better by morning! 
@sangita8 i changed three lanes at bugis while twittering! So porud of myself. I miss you mannn 
@sangitashres me too  but i've accepted that my breathing, throat, and stomach will never be 100% while i'm in ktm
@sanguish   It's nights like that that I'm glad I can get lost in a crappy star trek novel... Sorry dude 
@Sanii3 lol okie dokie... J was the first one to call me that name..  lol
@sanjayrachapudi Ya man,I am jobless right now.Tweets really can tell a lot abt a person.Hols were goin fine till the hall list came out 
@sanjoyp I left the iphone in the car at Glentress so didn't map. Just as well - went over the handlebars in comedy (&amp; sore) fashion 
@sannak22 ok i will. i can't sleep for the life of me, i'm sick and feeling horrible.  i miss u!! love u!!!
@sannson Oh no! I hope you're ok! 
@SannyBanny aaahw I'm sorry sweetie  so what are you gonna do now?
@sanspoint God, I've always wanted to go to a Chiptune show. You don't know how much I envy you right now. 
@santaamy I work Wednseday and Friday morning. But not long enough for a lunch break 
@SantaBarbaraNo1 That would just be messed up all these years later, to strip Michael of his identity, imo. 
@santagati @BAM?  Im not going 
@santanachamp This morning I was thinking about the @coldplay concert. Mine is still 96 days away  BUT I CAN'T WAIT!!
@Santiaggo that New Yorker cover was done on a iPhone &amp; I'm jealous that I do not have one!  http://myloc.me/21a4
@Santo4HOF I know!   and I'm all acting like it's real money n being stingy with it haha
@santoshp left out and then some more 
@SantriseNicole hey sexy lady. You were all busy my last day there.  Does Chicago miss me?
@santzzz all i want for my birthday is for you to play blockles with me 
@sanuzis That's absolutely terrifying 
@sapah_fu sorry dear  feel better!
@Sapartridge and this is the newest version (full package) from openoffice.org? that's really odd for it to behave that badly 
@Sapherius o no the contest 
@SaphireSav I haven't had coffee today. so   I have appointment at 220.. so maybe i'll head up there early.
@saphiresheppard Nope. No drinking for me this weekend 
@sapiduduk huehehe, can't view the vid, man, on EDGE only now  The song was on Star Trek, right? Niiiice!
@SAPNA -  You're right - they still fooking rock backwards though! ;)
@Sapnene girl! We had the Utmb interviews/open house at 9:00 and I'm still going strong on the beach. I'm tired 
@Sapnene no he never did. Well, he did as a part of David Cook band but not as a solo artist as we were pushing him to. 
@sapochat aca no puedo poner I LIKE IT???? 
@Sapphiel still waiting for City Link 
@sapphire_city change roast to ham sorry 
@sapphire_city i lost 5 best friends in less than a year  because i moved which made me loose 4 and now my last best friend is moving
@sapphire_city im sorry to hear that miley cyrus doesnt like asians  but i still like her music and shows sorry 
@sapphire_city it seemed like it sorry 
@sapphire_city lol thanks and a cookout is when you invite friends over and hang out and cook food on a grill but there wont be a girll 
@sapphire_city yeah i know how you feel  but maybe i could make new friends in high school i already have a secret admirer there
@SapphireChic @thismetalchic babes...I FEEL U DIE!!!...uv got to be so self-conscious now!! pele 
@SapphireElia woop same! Haha but I've been using fake tan too! LOL how are you? Haven't tweeted u in agges haha  xx
@sapphiresmoke Oh shit ! You just got it...  that is so wrong 
@SapphyNo1 @BigAssBadger computer connection a bit slow then?...oh and energy 110  I wish I'm stuck around 35 
@SapphyNo1 d'oh, really not with it this am 
@SapphyNo1 Just woke-up and couldn't get back to sleep  Well I hope you have a good trip down hon, good luck and enjoy  x
@SapphyNo1 looks like i'll hav to live with just one day of following extravaganza. 
@SapphyNo1 Morning sweet lady... Hissing down here too...  x
@SapphyNo1 oh no, now I have tainted the experience...sorry 
@SapphyNo1 Tom has been &quot;daft&quot; all week too - really hyper  Never mind 6 or so weeks left  &lt;Not thinking about the levels of work&gt; ;)
@saquanem  oooohhhh. wow. I cant even help you on that. I should tho 
@Sar76 i know!  did u watch the pics i posted yesterday?i went 2 the beach 
@sara_dotcom sounds AMAZE. cannot wait nurse bowgen! mm sailor jerry, im so ill right now. cure me  x
@sara_elizabetth i know  i cant wait till monday, but im kinda scared
@sara_morgan but it's birthday soon 
@sara_ray2 and dont even say anything back to waht i said 
@Sara_VFC yup my love 4 @Varsityfc stretches over h0rizons..itz intense lol..and im n0t d0in much..stupid internetz n0t working  u?
@Sara413 awww  i wanna meet him tooo like sooo much! i love him to death.
@Sara6590 waiting around for the doctor sucks  i sorry, but hopefully the wait will be worth it if the doc makes u all better!
@Saraa_xD Si  pero parece que las personas de facebook no estan de acuerdo  (that was probably all wrong, but I tried...)
@Saraa_xD What I TRIED to say was 'it seems like the people of Facebook don't agree'... I guess I fail  -cries-
@saraaaaaaaaa_ we have needles tomorrow.  and get some sleep bitch. Goodnight
@SaraaahSue oh man!!! That does suck!  &lt;~Petey~&gt;
@saraahjay everyone will be there except me 
@SaraahPcd a little tired and i don't want to go to sschool tommorow.  and how are you honey?
@saraajennnnxo haha ; i could picture you doing that. my mom tried to get me meet and greet passes but she forgot i was like nooo. 
@Saraakl   at lasttt! how was NCN? and when do you leave me?  x x x x
@SaraaRC all of them were great, isnt it? what an amazing show, they should play it again! i miss it so much! 
@Sarabahara Ooh Sara.. I hate SLC.. really really hate it!  SLC SUCKS..    !
@Sarabeth921 ooohhh mmaannn!!!!! That sucks 
@saraburgess @cassiemeltesen @trishameltesen i miss you guys all so much! 
@saracraun its in LA  they have celebrity shakes!
@SaraDfromCali I raise them for milk!  I used to make soap too, but all my &quot;helpers&quot; have grown up &amp; no longer want to help mom!  
@Saradia yeah wooooooooooo! rock on! (took 2 codein earlier, totally sleeeeepy right now     )
@saraesse LoL I'm surrounded from .Net guys  don't know what's better/worst
@saragarth Fiine juust got a sore finger coz i nearly chopped it of yesturday!  lol
@saragarth know how you feel.i thought the same when i found out about #ChrisFlu wanted to end it all.  !!x
@SaraGerman ... I know me too!!!!  you coming for another visit anytime???
@saragthatsme Coffee/caffeine + Shawn = panic attack 
@Sarah_1991  :@ It won't be for long. We'll be back in the lead (yn)
@Sarah_1991 If we win though, I get to go and see the fitties IN THE FLESH tomorrow.  Bloody Chelseaaaa :@
@Sarah_1991 I'm jealous too  Do you know if she's got any plans to do any shows around the UK??
@sarah_82 oh my is obsessed with Pirates too.  But I would have to change everything to make it Pirates.  I hope he doesn't do that!!  
@Sarah_Chaps i completely agree chaps  three silly runs! i blame it on the effing richmond umpires ... stupid douches
@sarah_connors @saucerpass Boozing with hockey fans sounds like a hell of a time - I can't make it  #nhltweetup
@sarah_friend My bike buzz is wearing off 
@sarah_janes @deenahagen aww girls, hope it all clears up for you soon! poison ivy sucks 
@sarah_janes And I wanna decorate my car...rain will ruin it 
@sarah_jarvis hahaha OMG this research project is the bane of my life!! 
@sarah_marina No process in getting to Boston. 
@Sarah_Rowlands i wanted to go to the hussein chalayan exhibition, but i think today is the last day  i meant to go weeks ago
@Sarah_shhhh Everything gets better when we're drunk... but I'm working now... so... I have to wait 'till 6pm.    
@sarah_star3 that sucks!!!  u not got them on disc?
@sarah_tov I need to get my bellybutton repierced   You would think that after 5 years it wouldn't close from just 4 months without a ring
@sarah_y Sorry to hear about your cat. 
@sarah_zacefron Oh.. I'm so sorry for you 
@sarah121212 I so wish we had that option... I do get to wear jeans on Fridays (as long as they look nice!) but darn it - no hoodies! 
@sarah1leonard I Want Some 
@sarah2175 that sucks  I usually get used to the time difference after the first day. Idk how though LOL
@Sarah3000 i havent been to a JB concert!  i went to the miley cyrus/hannah montana concert last year but aly &amp; aj were her openers..
@sarah4tomorrow  im jealin' cos you get to see the ginga tonightt 
@sarah6800 Well damn! Don't have to be mean 
@sarahaccident My plan is flawed 
@sarahacoustical ya i like em.I know but I can't go  I would DIE to see Simple Plan, but I cant take the time off.So im seein MT instead
@sarahacoustical yeah we likes neva tawk no more 
@SarahAddicts I know,and it's weird that during the year there is hardly candids of her but now she goes on holiday and look at that.  sad
@sarahamil Pretty close. I'm at the office and I can't leave until I finish everything and the closest food place is a while away 
@SarahAMurdoch tahnee and lola are defs my favs! Im an addict and have to get my hit from youtube though- apt block doesnt have cable!! 
@SarahAnn91  sarahhh i'm worried about you!
@SarahAnnGreen I've just had to block five really weird ones. One said that it had been suspended due to suspicious activity on the page 
@sarahb2009 I wish I was home...   sniffle...
@sarahb29 Woke up late, look rough. Visit from Princess Royal 2day. Beer and olives at 4 but leaving early for garage  generally feel poop
@sarahbarkley well hurry the hell up you clowns!  I look like crap I need a haircut 
@sarahbearrr123 ohhhh, yeah.  im sorry, hun. I forgot bout that. Uhm... Ive been better, i guess.
@sarahbeberman im totally bummed about that too 
@sarahbellafina sleep? I need to go to my mums but by the time I get there, Clara will be in bed 
@Sarahbelle1414 LOL!!! THAT CLASSIC!!! I HATED THE MCRIB!!! Especially because the commercial made um look SOOO good 
@sarahbellum Where is HE? I miss him too!    How have you been, BTW, it's been freakin' ages!!!!
@sarahbellum Your not alone 
@sarahbeth0587 haha aw. 
@sarahbetterlife back in the overcast skies  our flight home was painless any ?'s you need to take a course on working controls
@sarahbitch8282 yeah, but i doubt we are gonna get it! 
@Sarahblac sorry I did not answer. Had roger myself to bed as I have got work today 
@sarahbrk   bummer, just transferred the video from my mobile phone... all of the audio is distorted and jumbled... well, I tried! ha ha
@sarahbrooke25: i have work in the AM 
@SarahBrowne Oh snap gurl we need to get our asses some custom masks.  People are too stupid for their own good. 
@Sarahcecilia91 Lets go. I dont need this!  Too much work to do. 
@sarahcfuller  ghyeyyyyyy! oh and laurah is making us take pictures and ohone them  to her and erica wants proof of mine haha
@sarahchambers19 Sucks  They need to do another gig in Manchester for you! Xx
@SarahCowan :-0 = me praising. I was looking @ the LG Prada, but it's not sold in the states yet.  my addiction is kinda out of control
@SarahCyrus awwww poor you... sorry i wasnt there hunny  that makes me feel bad now...
@SarahCyrus not anymore 
@SarahCyrus yes i am 
@sarahdesamours I'mm officially in ur luggage in June!!! Peut pas aider genre!!! LOL.. Opps Damn.. I have Serani coming here... I can't 
@sarahditum Homeopathy makes me incredibly angry. My sister is really into it with her kids 
@SarahDownSouth well if you like country music, Josh Turner &quot; Way Down South&quot; no good YouTube to share it 
@sarahdparker Had a terrible night's sleep - son woke up at 4am having done a pop in bed 
@sarahebuckner How are you doing? I hope you are doing something extra fun today to make up for what you're not doing. 
@sarahehall that's the saddest tweet ever  im gonna miss u guys so much!
@SarahElizbeth09 I still think we should get matching hair cuts like this! Too bad I'd get fired. 
@sarahemadden New Zealand is sobbing now, Sarah. Look what you've done. 
@sarahes1823 some people? is that all I am to you?  lol jk
@sarahfenn I prefer overcast days too. Sorry it's hot where you are. 
@sarahfujita that's just nasty 
@sarahG I don't think so - I just added it like the others 
@sarahG oh no not you too  its so stressful isn't it! Matt's far too laid back about it all, im scared of being homeless and in labour :p
@sarahg42 i knew it!  only people on now aren't in my time zone, but thats COOL! Haha
@SarahG8s i dunno my rents are ina mood atm cause i havent been revising this week so i will have to see, i dont think so tho 
@sarahgad Since you said please I feel obliged to say yes, however that's not the case.  Why?
@sarahgb Have you seen the one baked in the loaf that @danpalmer65 just posted up? I think I'm off pre-prepared food for good now 
@SarahGraceKelly I know, I only started like an hour ago, I should have learnt them weeks ago 
@sarahgray666 yep. Someone died climbing them apparently so now they are fully locked up. 
@sarahh_atl haha i did but then it got cloudy, lol 
@sarahh_atl yeah Ive heard a lot of people complain about it... Sad that yours doesn't work though 
@sarahhhhhrose im cold too 
@sarahhnade i'm jealous of the girl 
@sarahhogeboom haha no its adam and his friend drew they are being idiots. I miss you I wish I was watching a movie with you 
@sarahhr guess what I'm listening to? &quot;Can't read my POKER FACE!&quot;. I'm gonna miss thaatt! 
@Sarahies I will be ok when I have been to the drs again today and got my essay done  x howre you?? x
@Sarahies oh dear well best of luck sowing, I will just endure yet another day of COLD podcast TURKEY  xx
@Sarahies still very poorly  it's so rubbish &amp; yukky?How are you buttercup, are you rocking your fashionista sister style all over the
@Sarahies this week has dragged a bit for me too  have an essay to write about the seaside then Im seeing eddie izzard tonight x
@Sarahies you poor thing  fake tan never fun did you not think about a spray tan I had one not long ago was amazing x x
@sarahinaz Couldn't tell.  They were closed and somehow I missed that fact on their web-site before I drove down there.   Maybe next week
@SarahInTheSkyy i have no idea what they meant or mean but theyre so horrid 
@sarahintheskyy i know! i &lt;3 it...but i hate it when edward leaves bella. its sad 
@SarahInTheSkyy:read your blog Must be torture to go through that I would love to go into acting and performing but nothing at my school 
@sarahjaneruby yeah u gotta be 18 n my mum refuses to put it in her name  todays probly the worst day ever
@Sarahjaynee i knoww. &amp; i don't know.  everytime i try &amp; go past he's like 'not yet love' (
@Sarahjaynee its so expensiveee 
@sarahje Yeah I am, it's just annoying. 
@sarahjpin @warrenbennett I've ordered a T-Mobile G1 Android - it should be here today, but not arrived yet. 
@sarahkane thanks! Seriously money is terrible  p.s. did your lens arrive?
@sarahkate1 i lined cutted the leaving work line today  but only because that way i was walking out with my carpoolee peeps.
@sarahkatrina Omg Kat I watch Foster's too! It can't be over! Shniff shniff.. 
@sarahkchen Affirmative ... I'm not seeing it anyomore 
@sarahkennett argh frightened  how's you?
@sarahkohler sowwee  but hey, i have an exam tommrow, CHEM 
@SarahKSilverman I always feel sad when I see old people eating alone 
@sarahlane ? didn't know that  Hopefully she'll get some record deal..
@Sarahlj13 Sorry to say ashley (dark shrt hair spunky big eyes) and Max (like the soviet ballroom guy kinda glad about him) 
@sarahlknapp  i am having some Mothers day issues.I really miss my Mom and i want to see her 
@sarahlknapp Aww, the Knapps are not doing so good this weekend.  Sleep tight, both of you. Maybe it'll go away.
@sarahlouisex3 I have to wait a couple moments before I could watch it on my phone 
@sarahlovesjkl I know 
@sarahlovesmicky OMGGGG THE AWKWARD GUY SUDDENLY SHOWED UP AT MY HOUSE LOLOLOL IM SO FREAKED OUT i wasn't wearing a bra 
@sarahlp awww I'm sorry about Bridgette 
@SarahLSharp oops, feel like i'm breaking a few hearts now 
@sarahlynnw Whaaaaat.  That's not bubble tea, then, that's just regular tea!   The tapioca is what makes it! Plus, no bubble fights?!?!
@SarahMag80 very tired! Been up since 5 
@sarahmarina Its ok!  I can't tweet from my phone, i can only receive txt msgs letting me know i have a direct msg    I need a new phone
@sarahmars @Farrahri  OH STFU I MISSED DADNAPPED TOO! i wanted to fap to david henrie 
@SarahMascara hey grab tix online for BHF no Internet @ my new place yet  I'll reup u Friday when we meet up.
@sarahmonline i know i bet the tickets are going to sell out SO FAST cause JB is hosting  we should go to that party instead lol
@SarahMorrison my friends said &quot;OMG YOU'D BE PERFECT FOR THAT SHOW&quot; 
@SarahMunster UR ALONE ON THAT ONE MY FRIEND! I don't have Wonderland  I only have like 3 songs 
@SarahNicholas Sorry we failed to meet ! I had zero signal all day 
@sarahoots im sooo sad to see you go!  
@saRahparKerTM i didnt do it....someone hit my hand 
@SarahPaulson I'm so bummed Cupid was cancelled. I think you're terrific and I loved the show 
@SarahPorVida you went to erykah?!?  how come i'm never invited to anything?  
@sarahrequiem it's cool at parents they're making me potato cakes! Awesome! Have to do assignment at some point 
@sarahretzloff yeah and I accepted it and it said it was published but when I went to the list of postings mine wasn't there 
@sarahriley_ : no way!! I'm missing the party  kill a hooker for me
@sarahrolston wheres my french toast   see this is what happens when you work! I am going to quit !  ok sarah?
@sarahroters oh yeah I know!! Somehow it's always us fallin for the wrong guys  at least we've got us :-D and Conny ofc! 
@SarahSamudre We usually wait for Pixar films to show up at &quot;kids' club.&quot;  Much cheaper with three kids, but such a long wait 
@SarahSaner  Morning sweetie ! Sorry you're not well ! 
@SarahSaner Morning darling, this is getting to be a bad habit, you arriving as i'm getting ready to leave,  xxxx
@SarahSaner would love to.. i also trying to go!!! got a whole day of ironing calling  chat soon xx
@sarahsaturday I'm sorry your gift card ran out.... That suck. 
@sarahsays oh no no! i wish  it's coming out later this year. i was just watching some clips, haha.
@sarahsea @jonic Nothing that I play on my iPod gets scrobbled anymore 
@sarahsea Your hair is lovely. I got mine cut short recently as it was coming out due to lupus, wish I could've kept it longer 
@sarahsilll @jensilll @alanasilll why are you all so sick?  swine flu? 
@sarahslean I'd love to buy the new album, but there's no Add To Cart btn for the digital version. It's hard to buy your music in the US 
@sarahsmith5 fine then. don't hangout with one of yo BFFs  i see how it BE (i like soundin ghetto).
@sarahsong_bitch r u commin to houston 
@sarahsosincere apparently. 
@sarahsosincere RE:FoolishBag: whaaaaaack. 
@sarahspence93 lots of drama about that I'll text you xxx I miss your face, nattt. I ate mouldy bread  IM GONNA DIE waaaaa
@SarahSpillman my phone is nonfunctional, i'm sorriessszszs  i'm selling it soon!
@sarahsss i wish i had friends i could spend the night with 
@sarahstanley That's okay...it will take a couple hours of intense therapy to get over it, but I'll manage somehow 
@SarahStewart Alas I was stuck at home with a stuffed back. @erikapearson, @nigelstanger, @initiatives_lib, @ronindotca all went 
@SarahStewart And good for you! (I can get sea-sick on a millpond   )
@sarahstockton2 aawww  but your present was cutee. And im sorry about your vacationn.
@sarahtalks marley and me was really sad!! 
@sarahteaa its too cold to wear shorts! and i brought my stockings to camp so they're dirty too 
@sarahthorntonxo unfortantly you cannot  sorry but its from back when we fell out in jan? we made the blinging pack 2 sat 2gether 4ever
@sarahtonner shattered  and you?
@sarahtymeson coral springs, it's just north of ft. lauderdale. It's alright, there are worse things in life...but it's very frustrating. 
@sarahtymeson yummy, except I am allergic 
@SaraHuard well maybe you outta tell me about these things before they happen, that way I can actually go and have fun.  
@SarahVee6661 Awww, sad day.  It's okay though... shouldn't be too long. I'm just tired of Crappy McShit, here. *Virgin Mobile phone*
@sarahvip cause you didn't get sleep 
@Sarahvszombies It's so hard at the moment 
@sarahw I've never even *read* her and it's sad. 
@sarahwasphone Which, now that I think about it, may be why my state's like #1 in the country for obesity 
@SarahWisbey  i know how you feel
@SarahxFrancis ahh really? i've only gotten halfway in season 3  fail
@sarahxnoelle me too! we haven't made fun of anyone all day 
@SarahxNoelle So mean for?!? 
@SarahxNoelle we don't  you can chop it all off (fuck THAT)
@sarahymlee not sure... Just can't find them... 
@sarahz_xx did you get the sunnies ? idk if you could hear me properly on the phone haha.. i has a sore throat 
@SaraIggy Noooo  I'm in Toronto, and I would love to, but just isn't possible right now! I'm thinking he's made a video of everyone!!!
@SaraJBenincasa Only slept for 3 hrs? That can't be a good thing. 
@sarajtello  I'm sorry u didn't know. I usually go to Isabella or Andrea they're good.
@Sarakatheryn21 awweee  That sucks!
@sarakiesling i lost all my pictures and music...my whole computer literally got wiped out. this is so shitty 
@sarakinsfab you dont answer 
@sarakthx it belongs to someone  can't.. but shit it is smitten with me haha.. so cuddly 
@SaraLeann but rick likes it...  
@saRaLeeNess your being mean to him.    teeaarr.
@saralikesyou i know, isn't it? i just feel like if i end up getting a pair of tickets somehow or another, i'm gonna have to go with sam 
@SaraLime Party?  What party?  I was working 'til 8 pm tonight.... 
@SaraLuvzDrew haha ok I'll try my best coz I just hope it doesn't buffer coz that''s annoying..I have never gotten a shoutout before 
@SaraLuvzThomas LOL I will after the chat..I don't want everyone to hear meee haha...I'm sooo shy tho 
@saramarietexas Hey! Is your Twitterific still being retarded? Because mine will not work! Now it won't even let me sign in! Help please! 
@saramariexxx i would but i can't get internet on my ipod in my house 
@saramathews43 I'm here now , my computer crashed so I had to get it fixed 
@saramcfly12 saraaa theyr gone  they left to chile 
@SaraMcFlyx_x i love summer dates  last time i went to one it pissed it down for the whole gig. so i wanna go to another :p x
@SaraMcFlyx_x Well, I used to love MCR and now I simply like them.. but I dunno.. and I think You have to wait till you're 16 wops 
@saramcole nope, other side of the family. 
@SaraMG @franciepants said i'm not allowed to sign up for the baconlube beta 
@saramorey I wanna go to Vegas with you.  What am I gonna do without my bestus friend for those few days? #peterfacinelli
@SarandaLena Yes, But I wanted moore 
@sarapara ohh nooo!  I was wondering why I never got a call   I had my phone by my head all night too. haha.  Hope everything is okay now!
@sarapatton Lourdes has softball. we will never get this figured out. 
@SaraS85 that's a shame  Many (many) years ago I used to ride. Loved going to gymkhanas etc. and used to enjoy getting those clear rounds!
@sarasana what mistake did you make? i do MYOB stuff, sadly! 
@sarasioux Urgent: The linux server, with bloggamy, the institute site, drsuzyb &amp; blockopedia, is down  Please restart the Mysql.ASAP!
@SaraSmutPeddler that sucks! 
@sarasojaded you left so soon after coming online  i hope you get some proper rest soon
@saraswati81 ugh not even! but shitty weather changes, super windy days and every now and then, no coat/scarf when i had needed one 
@saratoga Overslept today and forgot Sandman!   I'll bring it tomorrow.
@sarawang  want some tums?
@sarawhat i really hope we don't have to see the next cuban missile crisis or worse 
@sarawise Those shoes have to go! 
@sarawkweird I'm the opposite. I have no unread 'easy' books to take on the plane next week  Just depressing and/or hardcore ones
@Sarax_x  i no wat u mean - if aidan doesnt win. U can blame it on my phone 
@saraxkathleen ughh i know. my mind is just not working right now. 
@Sarcasma That seems to be America's biggest problem... 
@sarcastica  nope!  But I'm on my way to work 
@SarcasticFairy oh the beach i miss living near a beach,,,, emmmm no haha in fact i didnt get much dont at all over the hols!  did u x
@Sarcasticluther  but we will be bringing my atheist sister to HFASSS next weekend if that makes you feel any better...
@sarcatrist Heya Nimesh I'm great - how've you been? Did you make it for the tweet-up? I missed it 
@Sarcia Tht doesn't sound fun! I gt 5 next week!   french, business, music, ict &amp; foodtch (whch is th most pointless subject EVER created!
@sardun oh no!!  i'm sorry! i definitely think you're a lot more gorgeous than her...i agree with michelle!
@sarei I hope I wake up early for that! I've missed the last 2 weeks 
@sareliz jeez, that's really sick. 
@Saresa Been there. It sucks.   Hope you feel better. Maybe if you kill some murlocs you'll feel better.
@SARGE_PAULNE oooh  get it- another loopy! can't we have one week where poor donnie doesn't get barmy ppl claimin to b hs bitch 
@SargeMcD trying to save money so I'll only go if invited. No income right now 
@sargenthouse yes it does....yes it does. 
@SARIAHMUSICNOW Give Adriane my Love, I'm not feeling to well or I'd call your phone and sing Happy B'day 
@sarigott Haven't figured it out. Probably won't.  Today, well actually tonight, was really weird in a not good way. Call me tmrw?
@saritairene It's called, becaFest.   Sorry, Sarah!
@saritaonline i was like that before..not having a regular sleep..insomia..but i really tried to fix it..its not good when it fires back. 
@saritaonline talaga where was i? when how what who where?My God!!im like resident evil2..world has turned into zombie and i had no idea. 
@sarivalentine Yes, July.    come with us.....
@sarking  don't rub it in!  
@sarking I like the woman at the helm even better! Make love, not wank, Trekkies. 
@sarking I'm seriously considering showing up tomorrow am and bringing it up....it could be awkward but damn it my dinner was screwed 
@SarLake did you get your glasses yet? Sorry I didn't get your text until now 
@SArmy_MJ *hugs* okay, good. they recently closed our free clinic too 
@SArmypez Yay number 60  I'm so confused about twitter! No clue what I'm doing! My pic is determined to stay as an anime smilie 
@SArmyPureEvil   *hugs and good thoughts*
@sarochka they're doing another fan movie based on arathorn and his time... Should also be good. I have a feeling TH4G will be taken down 
@saromadian Did you get exceptions working? If you did can you send me your program, mine arn't working 
@saronti Ewwwwwww red wine - headache fodder 
@saronti I get completely uninspired when I'm tired and last night I only slept for about an hour and a half 
@sarpolou i hate jud sar!! i actually unintentionally skipped my first class! &quot;MATH&quot; hahha, den clasm8s made groups2 na! 
@sarrabee that sounds really yummy.  sorry you're still not well, though.  
@sarramanning No, it all stay stacked in my wardrobe 
@sarrasina OMG...thank you so much for sending that, I hadn't seen yet. So loving the new Phoenix, too bad they're not coming to Seattle 
@Sarsion Stop making fun of my nerd attacks 
@sartre0nil Some people's kids... 
@saruh aw i know. i miss us  and our random hockey fights and that GAME we made up that was epic but we can't remember it
@sarzparella sorta. this bra in particular isn't offered online.  i think it was in-store only. some of their lines are like that. sigh.
@SasaLoves I'm here princess!  Need to try to eat something before I drink. Still having waves of nausea - I should have napped 
@SasaLoves really?  sad?  
@sasatothemax thankyou so much sa, huhu takut 
@SaschaScarpulla so i m on the train and i am SO late for work  gawd why do i end the week on such a bad note with the boss? masochist?
@saschel /me can not haz iphone.  I was comparing Twitter website, Twhirl, Tweetdeck and then Tweetie.
@sasefina And when you come out of it and realize you're at the office... cause for emote:   
@SASH86 awwww damn and if I wasn't here I could have had my cee cee 
@sasha_saliego here for a pesticide trng, region said it would b less expensive to have it here than in SF. Would rather b in SF tho. 
@Sasha_xx about a hour away, which sucks 
@Sasha_xx omg why half 5, i fort i was bad when i got up at 6  lmfao
@sasha1987 yep, say goodbye to your sex life after marriage and children! lol Far too busy for it.  What is sex again?!!! 
@sasha81 I've been feeling the same too...something is going around 
@SashaBonet He already had a twit about it and I was just cosigning... gesh 
@SashaBoucher omg! i know, and it ruins my weekend!  suree, if you want too.
@sashabrogan I know 
@SashaCTLC  that is sad! I hate when kids suffer because of things out of their control 
@SashaCTLC aww  I wish I had my TweetDeck... I'd look for that tweet and repost :'(
@SashaCTLC BAN @ Khia! I feel so bad for these young kids, the education system is failing them :| OMG @ 10 in the second grade 
@SashaCTLC Sorry I left.  work and all that. 
@SashaFierceMe I was only there for like an hour before I went downtown to meet D ..  What days do u have class i'll beon campus weds.
@sashafly09 
@SashaGrey damn I would have went there had i known! 
@SashaGrey http://twitpic.com/5jk0t - awww wish i could go 
So i slept an hour thru my loud ass alarm this morning!  im still shreepy
So I started this new job in a mail room, been there 2 weeks and HATE it! It's sooooo boring 
so i still have the headache i had last night. not cool.  grrr. coffeeee (yes, i havent been awake long haha)
So I still need to write at least 2 pages in the next hour. I need motivation. 
So I think I need a new computer... Blue screen galore. 
So I think I'll go ahead and call it a night. My tummy feels all stupid like I need to throw up 
so i think my back is officially messed up 
So i think my son might have the flu cause I def. just cleaned up a stanky puke mess  Poor pumkpin
so i thnk i might have tonsillitis  ughh, my throat hurts. and we're going to the zoo
So I thought I'd be able to keep up and watch #bigbrother but with homework not possible 
so i thought my allergies were acting up again, uhh nope I got a cold 
So I thought my phone was fixed.. But nope still won't let me twit 
so i took an hour nap..? or more like i spent an hour tried2 go2 sleep. 1 intl phone call ruined my nap. never pick up calls in the morn 
so i totally have to find a place to keep Syfil and Jim for a while.  I;m running out of ideas and dont wanna get rid of them!
So I tried to do some magic for a few ppl at SeaWorld today... I have never messed up more in my whole life. 
So I tried to have an ealyish night but now I can't sleep 
So i tried uploading my videos but my battery died  i'll have to wait till tomorrow ... Boo sorry twits
So i turn on espn hoping for some sports. Anyyything but baseball will do. And guess what it was. Baseball tonight  whyyyyyyyy grrrrr
So I usual only eat once a day but tonight/very early this morning I ate a snack and now I wish I hadn't cause I feel very fat 
So I waited up then you decide to call and say nevermind I don't wanna come  goodnight
so i wake up and no ones home... where'd my family go 
so i walk into the skate shop, no angled clear risers! WTF if i order something from you, aren't YOU supppse to hold IT for MOI? babosos 
So I was checking to see if my susan Boyle tribute made it to YouTube and instead I got stuck on http://jaynerio.mybrute.com. I lost all. 
so i was excited that i finally found the capri sun i was lookin 4 .. then i realized that it was in the freezer and i couldn't drink it 
So I was gonna go to a house show tonight, til I blacked out just now. I don't feel good.. it doesn't feel to great falling on your head. 
So i was just watching the news, knowing they would be talking about the concert today, i was right, and they said it would be really hot 
So i was planning on getting a little tanner when i was swimming but no im sunburned  im pretty sure i look like a red tomato
So I was sitting here watchin 'everybody loves raymond' totally 4got Letterman n @jimmyfallon show were on!! Total bummer man!!!! 
so i was talking to a cute guy and I was laughing and then farted on accident and tried to cover it up and failed. 
So i was talking with a customer and they we're pretty cool. They left. They had a tail. Furrys are taking over cool people now 
So I was up at 5am thanks to Miracle....yes that's sarcasm. Hanging with my mom and then Lauren later. Miss my besty, Cassie 
So I was waiting in the car and some idiot reversed into us 
so i wash with axe shower gel every fucking day. literally i use it every freaking day &amp; i dont have ladies jumping on me tryna do me 
So I went out to buy a swimsuit and couldn't find one that fit me.   seriously... Not every girl is a size C. What about us big booby grls
so I went to retrieve and move all my property Saturday, and my comics collection is MISSING, GONE! that inlcudes my Wolverine #1 EPIC 
So I went to the book store and for the second time they didnt have the book I was looking for 
So I went to the mall yesterday.But we just watched a movie.I wished we stayed longer.It wasn't that much fun. 
So I wish I could find all my Blink 182 cd's. Sucks the mark tom and travis show is scratched up 
so I woke up at 7:30am for NOTHING 
So I woke up this morning and my little toe is BLACK :| I will not stop complaining because it really really hurts 
so I woke up to a terrible start  my Iphone is off! I guess somebody  found out it wasn't supposed to be on! It was fun while it lasted!
so i woke up, took out my contacts because my eyes were feeling a little sore. go to look in the mirror and BAM my right eye is swollen. 
So if anyone wants a dog, go to the halifax humane society and adopt her cause she was a total sweetheart. 
so if i don't know who you are, don't take offense 
So if I had waited till today to get my iPod, would it have come with the 3.0 software?  
So if you are looking for company t/o it's under the B1C annual return general - Acc Details. But not everyone has t/o.. 
so if you have been trying to get ahold of me..my sidekick isn't working! won't turn on and they are sending me a new one 
so ill  makes for a crap holiday and birthday
so i'll be off now. am getting ready and watching tv besides  see you in school again haha xD oh no i'll write a biig french test 
so im a bit broken hearted right now also. 
So I'm a loser and didn't mean to twitter that...  happy Friday friends!!
So I'm a total idiot for running my ass to tha hair salon cuz tha rain slowed down smh my shyt gonna be a mess!!  wat a suckass saturday!
So I'm allergic to apple sauce??? Come on!!  WTF will I eat then??
So im already sad and &quot;officially missin you&quot; is playin on the pod! 
So i'm at the casino and lost 
So I'm at work. Bored. Wanna be with @BenWay08 in the city. 
So im awake again this time the reason im awake is because something bad happened 
so I'm back from the club! BORING! I miss my baby! 
so im back.. played football for 2hrs...too tired now.. also will hav to prepare lunch all by myself 
so i'm borderline depressed that I missed @WadeBowen tonight &amp; i'm missing Randy tomorrow, only 30 mins away.  boo me.
so im eating at chipotle with @tiffanyanne58 and adriana and a bird just ran into the windown and dies on the chair.   RIP mr bird
so im feeling sick. throat is hurting, nose is a mess. Ugh, I hate this  #fb
So im finally awake. Ha. And now i have to cut the grass. Awesomeness!   *krissy*
So im going to sleep alone tonight.  SOMEONE could have changed that! &gt;.&lt;
So I'm going to try to sleep ...I wish the birds were too 
So im gone goin to spend time wit da booskee b4 he head off! aww i dnt want him to got but he gotta show support to da fam 
So I'm home alone, grandma has the kids, and I'm doing laundry. I'm so lame sometimes 
so i'm in creep rehab &amp; everytime i try to be a creep i have to give my nephew $5.....i've given him $10 already 
So I'm in the barbershop and I see this  .....  http://twitpic.com/7y40y
So im in the er right now, w my best friend cause she decited to hit her head  so sad
SO I'M JUST SEEING ALL THESE @ MESSAGES CAUSE MY BITCH ASS G1 DIED! TAKING IT BACK TO THE STORE ON MONDAY 
So I'm kinda sad  Night.
So I'm not sick anymore. Twilight Zone? but I did go to bed with wet hair so now it's still wet and I'm terribly cold  but not sick? weird
So i'm on a walk cause its a nice night. I'm singing to myself and i swallow a bug.  coughed so hard i may have punctured my lung. Ugh...
So i'm out shopping alone.. Gay.. I cant help but miss you hun.. 
So I'm Pretty Much Burnt All Over 
So I'm REALLY feeling like to today is the day to re-pot my plants  Means I need to get a TON of potting soil &amp; a few new pots, BIG job!
So I'm standing in the blaring lights of a fire truck at my work cause of a fire  it's too late (or early) for this!!
So im super hungry got sum chik/broc w/r &amp; it was Nastyyyy Now wtf ima eat 
So I'm supposed to have the entire script memorized by tomorrow... looks like I have a lot of work to do today 
So i'm up and ready... Just about to head to the venue for rehearsals and sound check... I want to have a BBQ though  xx
so I'm wearing a hat I reallly like and so far I'm not even out of the house and I'm already getting picked on 
-so im wondering why it is that i dont recieve all my twits? 
so im working after a very long night of partying  would much rather br curled up in bed but that'll have to wait i guess
So I'm writing this song and its starting to remind me of this... http://bit.ly/wAzlD  
So in luv it hurts  can't even sleep
so in other news, it's supposed to rain this weekend...where's Harvey to change the weather when u need him?! 
so incredibly bored 
so insanely tired... work from 3am to 10 and then redoing the flooring and painting in my room. no gym today 
so instead of laying out in this 90 degrees i've gotta give 32 fourth graders miso/rice/sushi/mochi in an hour  fml
So irritating that I can't make calls or texts on my iPhone till 2moro. Included min and texts don't start till 2moro. 
so is anyone gonna send in a request to be in Demi's new music video? who's heard about it? i really wish i could go. 
So is June 5th the new Friday the 13th. Srsly, some bad crap happened to everyone I know  What a rough day.
So is that our Summer over then? Bucketing down out there and i had to trek to Post Office 
So it appears as if my days of an easy summer with a lighter work load are OVER!!!  My summer work load is something SERIOUS!!
so it feels like no-one wants to help me...including my own husband 
So it is a sunday morning and i have to clean with my twin sister!! Oh and i have to study for a geography test!! 
So it just happens to be me looking for new job. One I would actually love longer than few months 
so it must be true about david carradines erotic hanging thingy if my mom told me about it 
So it seems I'm not the only one whose storm isn't working. Looks like i'll be without berry for about a week soon 
So it seems like my DD got a DWI in my car last night. my car got towed and lane saved me last night  which im sad i hate having to bum
So it seems..another day out cancelled.  i've only got a week left before school.
So it should be an interesting week... And only one week to go 
so its 12 i should go to bed so i wake up for class and all that good stuff but i dont wanna 
so it's 8:03 and I'm not watching the short stack chat 
So it's a rainy bmore day!!! Very Very sad day 
so its almost 2am and I am hungry for a cuddle on this cold rainy london night......and also some Parline n Cream ice cream 
So its five in the morning and i left my ipod in the car 
So it's Friday... I have to keep reminding myself since every day seems the same 
So it's midnight &amp; I can't seem 2fall asleep as usual!! Not too surprised but annoyed bc I gotta get up in 5hrs! Last night I slept 6hrs 
So its really cold in applebees 
so it's summer. i think i'm going to unpack, clean, and relax. but there's basically NO food in my house 
So I've apparently lost my Flash Drive, which I really need. Any suggestions on where to look? 
So I've been doing &quot;real&quot; work all this weekend. Finally got it finished 5 mins ago and waiting on feedback. Expecting lots of bugs 
So I've been gone for about a week and now I can't keep up with my LJ and twitter 
So ive bn on a mini vacation at a friends home in upstate NY &amp; I cnt wait 2 get home so I cn eat in private! I wish ths wasn't so hard 
so I've concluded that it's true we both sleep in nap shifts .  watching tep sleep.  @icytadpole  sad panda.
So I've jsut got home from Sheffield. I miss Yorkshire accents already 
So I've just busted the screen of my phone - clever clever! It has a big blob on it now  it is about 3 years old though, it's lasted well!
So Jealous My Boss is Going to Miami. 
So jealous of all the girls that get to see the new tour on the 4th!! I have to wait to July to see it. 
so jealous of boyfriend's new laptop. warcraft looks A-MAZ-ING on it. 
SO jealous of my friend from work who met RPattz today!!!! 
so jealous of tripp lakes. camp starts in a week, and i wish i could go 
so jealous that all my friends are going to see @davedresden tonight in chicago and im stuck in miami 
So jealous to everyone that is going to the IMATS  Wish I could go, but I'm in this boring ass state!!!!!
so jealous!my boyfriend &amp; his friends road-trip-ing to central java while im stuck in dining table with books &amp; papers all over the place 
So jelous of everyone who is getting the iPhone 3GS today! Wish I had the money for a PAYG one 
So Jon &amp; Kate are separating. I'm broken. NOT! But my condolences do go out 2 those in DC affected by the RED line train crash. 
So Jon and Kate seperated...he seems happy she seems sad and regretful...so sad... 
so jus cooked, i gave myself the bussiness meatloaf, mashed potatoes and greens...now i nap. blackberry broke so i cant tweet as much 
So just saw Chris Brown plea bargined &amp; got comm. service, probation, and dom. violence counseling.   Such a slap on the wrist... 
so just when i start talking about my blackberry being so great, it starts messing up on me 
so kids please listen to me: don't drink more alcohol than you can manage.. it only ends in a big big headache....   
So kings has been cancelled  someones gonna burn for that one.....lol
so knackered from the gym, first visit since coming back from holiday 
So l guess I'm running fever. That's swell. Sitting at church listening to the band warm up..I wonder how I'm gonna tell them I quit 
So laser tagging really wasn't that bad, it was actually borderline fun, but unfortunately it caused a great amount of pain to my foot... 
So last day of Queen's b'day weekend begins. Should really be trying to sleep, 6 hours til get up 4 work  no fun working public holidays..
So last night I had this really sick wallpaper idea and now it just totally slipped my mind  lets see if I wrote it down somewhere
so last night i was feeling sick and i woke up and i'm full blown sick. Not working today. 
so last was pretty sad.. last day with the crew.. good times though good party.. gonna miss all my friends  the last call rocked!
So lazy so want to go to the beach so not feeling hot 
So lazy to get out of home 
so lazy to go out and have lunch 
So lazy today.I could only see the Louver and got back to the hotel.My fr are still out.Miss my family so much 
SO LIKE IMA KINDA RUNNIN OUT OF THINGS 2 SAY CUZ MY BRAIN IZ EMPTY I THINK 
So like we don't really know how to tweet and like we followed a bunch of old people  Help!
So like, I can talk about Chris and he would know unless you retweeted me?  Hmm. None of the Chicago boys like me much, I think.  
So little of the weekend left 
so lonely 
so lonely ed never emailed me back today 
So lonely when my hubby works at night 
So lonely. . . 
so lonely... 
so long didnt tweet. rotted ! 
so long GM     I hope that your bankruptcy symbolizes a phoenix and not a firework. #tcot
So long twitter, I shall revisit thee when I finish my paper! -lThe ife of a procrastinator 
So LONLEY 
so lonley  desperatly needs someone to spend the night
So looked at the new jonas cd and kevin's face was covered by the price sticker felt really bad 
so looks like they have already cut it off even thou it says today, they tell me dsl will work properly for a few days thou.  god. 
so lost &amp; can't be found 
so lunch rumor a lie. Plus 2 other airlines dumped their passangers onto our flight--seats reassigned; no more exit row. 
So ma woke me up early and said she wanted to be ready to leave in 45 min . . Its been over an hour now . . And im still sleepy 
So mad at my neighbor - told his wife to get out, he's moving his 'girlfriend' in, deporting her back to Mexico, keeping the kids  !
so mad at myself for not giving that kid my number the other night!  he was so cute....
so mad i have nothing to do on this nice day 
So mad im not 21  ((cnt go see tha prettyricky show tonight 
So mad it's going to storm. Now I can't buy my new furniture  oh well... Happy mothers day one and all
so mad my a,s,x key are broke cause i dropped a glass of water on it 
So mad rt now! I keep trying 2 remove people and I'm still getting updates from them 
So mad that 100 monkeys played and I didn't know 
so mad that I waited this long to book my reservation for the car ferry this weekend!!  Looks like we are going to be stuck in Edgartown 
So Mad That im Not Goin To Britney Tomoro 
so mad this lady hurt the mess outta my big toe 
so mad, I ordered online from kohls and they had somehow set my main address to be my sisters in Tampa, so theyre sending her my order!! 
So mad.  DVR only recorded first 30mins of J&amp;K+8 premiere..... GRR!!  Now I have to find it online..or wait until Monday!! 
so mad. like lots of people cant come to my bday so im probably not gonna be able to have it  ugh
So mad..... Pens r goin 2 lose 
so mad...why did he go back to her? guess ill never know, just hope she dont hurt him again. 
So madd its raining like dis...gotta save my po0r oll chipp...! 
So many chores to do now the the hub is back at work, but no energy to do them  my least fav of them all... Folding laundry, ugh!!!!!
So many clothes, so little room in my carry on 
So many cool things at sally's  I wish i had more money 
So many Fantasy Factory tweets today. And none of them from me  Maybe I'll have some tomorrow!?! We'll see!!!
So many good twitter names are taken by accounts that just sit dormant 
so many insecurities and stress - just because im moving to a new room 
so many kids are going to be on this flight  T minus 65 minutes
So many ledges... so little time to jump from them all... I wish ppl stopped saying that CC is leaving GL 
So many Maths Papers. &amp; That excludes my tuition work 
so many new supplies to play with. but this house won't clean itself 
So many nightmares 
So many people at the Grand Canyon today.   ~Michael~
So many people here have one of this netbooks. They are small but I think for IT-Systems Engineers they are to small and not the right. 
So many people here! We are sitting on the hill 
So many people's Dad's having bypass surgeries these days!  Positive thoughts and prayers for your dad, @turinrob
so many tangles in my hair 
So many tears during Up 
so many things due on the same day.... don't know where to start 
So many things I could be doing right now if I didn't need to work....  #fb
so many things i need to study for but i just cant be bothered 
so many things in mind, yet lacks the words to write everything down! 
so many things to do,so little time 
So many wires to sort out 
So MDA camp has been canceled tue to a swine flu outbreak. 
So memories passing my eyes so quickly. Why did it happen so quickly?! 
so miserably sick. going to school to turn in a functions project and run for NHS VP. @ChelseaRB absolutely, as long as I'm not sick 
So mo williams..whats next may i ask? NEVER PROMISE ANYTHING ANY MORE!  go orlando beat L.A
so much 4 sleeping in!  darn kid sleepovers been up since 7
so much coursework to do for tomorow 
so much crap to do... inside all day 
so much drama when I'm just trying to be honest  people suckkk
So much filing! I think I might be being buried underneath it! So sad I don't have my filing helper anymore 
So much for a good summer. Theres no sun 
So much for bed...just organized both my suitcases (aka: dressers) and switched my purses...my Dooney is so dirty 
so much for being money friendly on my vacation 
so much for being on time today! this week back is kicking my ass. and im back to having CRAZY dreams that fuck up my sleep. third day 
So much for catching up on sleep and sleeping in today 
so much for enjoying my 21st birthday tomorrow 
So much for having a grill evening in my garden today... 
So much for horseback riding today 
So much for Irish good weather, it could only hold itself for a week; raining like hell again. Someone have incontinence up there 
So much for leaving early 
so much for Lowe's...    suck...
So much for me showing off saying I've never had a night......lmao 
so much for movie night, my babies ditched me for thomas the train 
so much for my party plans Saturday.    bummed...
So much for my plans tomorrow =/ dog won't stop barking at the party outside my door, in turn continually waking up the &quot;baby&quot;. gr 
so much for my roast tonight, still frozen solid. 
so much for not having sore legs  had to take ibuprofen as can barely walk children's party this anoon woohoo
So much for owning the boyfriends.... 
So much for seeing night at the museum, nadine's out of town 
So much for sleeping in  morning everyone....
So much for sunny pool weather.  I'm getting sick of all this rain.
So much for systematic desensitization. Just found out I will be flying (NOT driving) to DC in 2 days. Eeek!! 
so much for that lovely sunday of sun that was forecast 
So much for the ealry summer.. that was short lived.. 
So much for the Ferrari resurgence, Red Bull and Brawn on front row.  #f1
So much for the Google iPhone app voice search! Wanted tzatziki recipe any got 'sexy USB' results 
so much for the happiest fukkin day of the year! 
So much for the high winds from the approaching cold front hitting this morning - it looks like we could have snuck in a flight - doh! 
So much for the rain! Looks like another day working in the sun! 
So much for the sunshine!   Now, it is DOWNPOURING!!!!
So Much For Twitter's Trending Topics To Indicate Breaking News!!!!!  : http://cli.gs/9aLhGW
So much for work... I'm stuck again! 
So much for working out, was helping my mother find something in a cabinet and stuff fell on my ankle, now I'm hobbling along 
So much fun at Ota so far. Really wish I had enough money for that really sexy corset.  Also, want moar stuffz.
SO much fun trying to track down my dentist &amp; get referral for specialist. he takes 3-day weekends every week 
so much goin on &amp; ths heat aint no joke. Once again Daddy...who made U MAD? it s 2 f'n hot. Plse heat luvrs tke me off ua invite list. 
So much going on in my head, in my heart...I don't know what 2 make of it all... 
So much going on this weekend but M. Rose can't come out to play 
so much happening around here..., but can't collect all the thoughts !!!!! 
so much homework to do  this sucks
so much i want to buy and there is so much i need to save up for 
So much negative response today. I'm so over it, I'm ready to go home. 
So much noise today  They seem to be building something next door and started a few hours ago.
so much of downloads still remain 
So much packing to do!! 
So much pain 
So much pain  Haha. God, Kayla, we're stupid.
So much pain  what the fuck did I do to my neck last night!?!? LOL
So much pastaaaa.  I hope it didn't go bad while it sat in the trunk of my car last night, haha.
so much rainnnnnnn  no more fire but still chillin'
So much sadness today...people passing away 
So much shit that I want... the new thing today is makeup haha Clinique foundation pweasss and new brushes 
So much shooting and image resourcing today 
SO much shopping SO little money 
So much stuff to do and so little of it is school related -- i need to get back on the school train, i'm sorry classes. 
So much stuff to do today! And it's my one day off this week. 
so much sun , hardly a tan  why me ?
so much things, so little time 
So much time/$ on a new pool liner.... forecast = continued rain 
So much to do after work today! Will be busy from 12:45 to bedtime! What a way to start the week. 
So much to do and so little time  Stupid year 12 
So much to do but my headache won't allow me to get anything done.. smfh! 
so much to do O.O wow... my last Gr. 12 friday just finished... 
So much to do so little time...house to clean is the start, then have to start the babies room,  maybe a shopping trip this week too?
so much to do this week 
so much to do today and i woke up late  class and group project meetings all afternoon. wish me luck!
so much to do today and so little time in which to do it 
So much to do today but I cant bring myself to rush anywhere in this sunshine. I just wanna mosey around and look at girls. Fuck revision 
So much to do! So little motivation to to do so 
so much to do, in so little time 
so much to do, so less time.... 
so much to do, so little time... 
so much to get done this weekend, i don't even know where to start 
So much to post, so little time to post 
So much to study.  @Nathi_x good luck for tomorrow. &lt;3
So much to tell-Only blip is her immune system hasn't recovered-not yet a newborns. Give it 6 more months.  But that's nothing.
so much tragedy going on this morning in the news 
So much warm 
so much work 
so much work to do, so little time..  how can i finish four stories by tomorrow?
So Muslims behead a student? What's the big deal! They invented algebra! http://is.gd/170HJ (via @a4aHouston) 
So muxh for sleeping in  morning everyone....
So my AC isn't working in my Jeep and it is blazing outside. Having my maintenance man put some freon in it, but it may be the compressor 
So my aunt says that during the summer she wants to give me driving classes. Agh! Im scared  haha
So my birthday is on Friday and STILL no plans 
So my bro did not arrive yesterday  he is only flying here on thursday. Hoping for something good to happen
So my Chungi is at the vet having surgery and I cannot pick her up till tomorrow! So sad 
This is how bored i am 
this is how i feel ------&gt;    
This is how I feel lately about what it is we have: http://bit.ly/HRrgz 
this is how I feel right now ---&gt; http://bit.ly/hbfdn  too bad school is out and I can't get him back 
this is how i looked when i heard about the one call tour. haha.  ---&gt; :o ---&gt;  ---&gt; :/ ---&gt; :|. but whatever. i better see them soon.
This is how my night last night turned out   http://twitpic.com/7ww9c
This is insanity! I can't handle all this crap at work 
this is it! it's the day! - gue dari pagi nugguin pak pos. belum dateng2  deg2an bgt gilaaaa. honestly gue... http://tumblr.com/xei23in7m
This is it, internet! Goodbye to you until the one at school is set up! And STILL not everything is packed!!  Ugh 
this is it. differential equations quiz no. 1. 
this is it. Im making a doctors apointment... I just cant shake this crazy dizzy junk  
this is it....its gonna be a while 'til my next tweet..goodbye. *sob* 
This is June 17 but where's the Iphone 3.0 
This is just a story I've heard before. This is gonna end up so bad. 
this is just getting worse. eff school. 
This is just like last time. I'll be dreading it, but still feel fine until the day of, then I'll go crazy 
This is just so damn mean!!: Brother unwrapping fake xbox 360. Watch his face at the end of it  http://tinyurl.com/5j7tow
this is just very very sad  http://bit.ly/3sCZMK
This is kind of creepy  I'm waiting at the door of my work experience place; and nobodys answering. It's a very dodgy neighbourhood.
this is like a deja vu of last year 
This is like so boring. I am supposed to be having a BBQ today but I can't go 
This is like the billionth time me getting hacked for something important to me. 
this is like the never ending week. and never ending rain.  no me gusta.
this is literally the most horrible cold ever. i cant taste anything at all today and i cant breathe either 
This is looking like a Lakers-Magic finals.. 
this is mad! I just popped a pimple above my right lip and its bleeding! Fugly 
This is making me cry 
This is Mama Fox.  2 Days after I took this, she was run over by a car!   http://twitpic.com/7m7r5
This is Margaret's last Apprentice btw. I'll miss her 
This is me    Go magic!
this is me not winning an iphone from #squarespace 
this is me tired, after mcfly and work   x http://tinyurl.com/nsj9te
this is murder: http://tinyurl.com/l3v62r i'm so sorry. our thoughts are with you all! #iranelection #gr88 i wish we could do more 
this is my 200th update! more updates to come! haha ..i'm missing my baby.. 
THIS IS MY 300TH POST!!!! AHHH! Wut should i say? Wut should i do? Uh, uh, OMG SOOOO COOL YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!!! O crap im out of letters 
This is my 4th night here. I'm missing my kitty, Kitty 
This is my 500th tweet, not looking forward to paper round in the morning 
This is my failing attempt at doing hwk  Help me.  Sorry I haven't boothed in a couple of days, I was busy... http://tinyurl.com/qg83sb
This is my first tweet from my new phone! Kinda missing the TwitterBerry app though 
This is my first work day w/o my pal, Angie. 
This is my forth time taking pills for this migraine and still doesn't want to go away!, this Fucking Sucks!! 
This is my last day ever at the community centre where I work on Weds. Been there 2 yrs and feel kinda crap that this is it 
This is my last hour on Twitter for the next week 
This is my last week at BBY  To my corporate peeps, in case you're unaware, I took the severance option and am heading back home to AU!!
This is my last weekend in Europe! I'm kinda sad I could really use a hug now  #tear
this is my NEW twitter. erg im so mad i lost the old one  #bts
this is my one and only twitter (loco92  ) 4:22 AM May 14th
This is not a drill! I'm wearing pants 
This is not fun 
this is not good       sore throat, head ache, stuffy nose - what are the symptoms of swine flu again?
This is not good  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8086743.stm
This is not good - putting Jeans shoes on her hurts me  and I want my nap and shes still playing outside so not going to happen :'(
This is not looking to good for the Cavs 
this is NOT me http://missingbits.com/ wish it was but NO waaa 
This is not my ideal Sunday! 
this is not my place 
This is not sao paulo ... This is not miami ... This is not chicago... THIS IS DALLASSSS 
This is not T-Bombs. 
This is officailly the worst party i have ever been 2.   ~Summertime Is Tha Best Time~
This is officially the only day since starting at the HRC that I didn't like my job... And just saying that makes me want to cry 
this is one of my 'aggravating' moments. 
This is one of those days that makes me wish I had an iPhone... if only it weren't for the ridiculously expensive Vodafone contract 
This is one of those painful moments when you realize the most perfect man in the world could never ever be yours 
This is one of those rare occasions I wish I had cable tee vees. MTV Movie Awards tonight, and I'm not going to be able to see it. 
this is one of those times i wish i knew how to write a song or something expressive like that. 
this is one opportunity i want not to happen 
This is pointless nothing facebook cant offer me 
This is probably one of the reasons why I don't log into FB. My college mate is asking me when is coll reopening 
this is real, this is me. - hiyajenny Nâ€™awww Iâ€™m like so much taller than you  When me and Claire come to... http://tumblr.com/xzf1z4zev
this is really bugging me , im not getting text updates from my followers or followeees whats that about , help , i have device updates 
This is ridiculous, all 24/7 computer labs are closed in edward right building except one, and it full of students,,, where to go 
This is ridiculous. I've spent the entire morning doing things that are not anything to do with what I've to clean up before my holidays 
this is sad 
this is sad news about the plane. am scared of flying 
This is sad: Spain's blogging granny has passed  Quï¿½ descanse en paz... http://amis95.blogspot.com/
This is scary  they hooked me up to 9 wires n it printed sum graph ohhhhhh 
this is seriously annoying. 
This is slightly unfair!!! 
This is so '06 but... Fuck AWAs. 
this is so confuisng aaaah 
this is so hard 
This is so pathetic. I'm in sun a state! I'm too scared to even Hoover it up. Any suggestions? 
This is so sad 
this is so sad. 
This is so sad.  This makes people look really uneducated   Come on people get with it!!!!!  http://tr.im/p110
this is so slow  such a bad WiFi
This is so strange. Poor you. 
This is so stupid. 
This is some bullsh#@ got into a car accident. Cab hit me and blew out my brand new tire on my truck 
this is sooo crazy i have fever.. 
this is soooo sad read it if you havent already  http://bit.ly/5NMvY
This is starting to get tedious... my head hurts and my tummy rumles 
This is stupid :// i just want to cuddle 
this is stupid ive spent 2 hours searching for jobs, looking for colleges, nothing! where am i gonna be in 5 years time  scared.
this is stupid; i have a million things to do, and all i can think about is relaxing tomorrow night: cuddling, supernatural, and shyammy 
This is such a bad day for the animal kingdom it seems 
This is such a lazy day. 
This is such a sad story ( You should read it http://bit.ly/5NMvY
this is such bullshit. I wish I could be at bamboozle 
This is supposed to be a SUMMER party I am at. The view would be gorgeous on 23rd and 10th but... The Rain 
This is supposed to be my big weekend and my mother can't focus on me for more than 10 seconds 
this is taking me forever 
This is taking way too long man jeez. I WANNA GO HOME 
This is terrible, I am waaay too lazy, can't bring myself to go for a jog. I am going to become a fat blob 
this is the 3rd day this week my tummy has woken me up!  damn!! I haven't even had my first cup of coffee!?
This is the closest thing to Starbucks I can get without driving two hours.  But yum! http://yfrog.com/0aagjj
This is the dog we ARE NOT getting..  http://twitpic.com/7jruf
This is the earliest I have gotten home in June.  Now I get to do 4 weeks worth of laundry   I really I want a green Whalers jersey.
this is the end but baby don't you cryy! nessa hora eu sepre me acabo 
This is the extent of my obsession. No, he doesn't know I took this. He's just some guy on the street who caught me gawking about SaMo 
This is the face I pull when @SarahFTW is drinking alcoholic beverages without me and i am at work  hahaha  http://twitpic.com/7x4z0
This is the fifth day I've had this headache. I think i'm dying  
This is the first mother's day I have spent with my mom in 20 years.  It's also the first I've spent without my boys ever.  
this is the first Saturday night i haven't gone out since the 14th February and i could have but im sick 
This is the first thursday in a long time in which I feel lonely! 
This is the first time EVER I'm too old to win something! I need to be 14 to live my dream- thanks redio diseny!!! 
this is the first time I am annoyed with ONTD!! 
This is the first time in ages that I am following more people than people following me I don't feel famous anymore 
this is the first time i've ever genuinly be scared shitless for an exam. why did i take it knowing i'd fail?! so angry at myself. 
This is the longest day ever. 
This is the longest stupidest period ever 
This is the lowest point of my life. Never thought i was capable if considering to give up 
This is the most I have hurt after the injections. 
THIS IS THE MOST RETARDED LINES IN A SCREEN SESSION  I KEEP FORGETTING THAT THE FOUNDERS OF NETBSD, BUT HE HAD SOME AUSSIE SLANG.
this is the night for an adventure ... locked up tho 
This is the only non-terrible Disney park related app, but not for WDW.  http://lmnt.me/pu7r (iTunes link)
this is the only thing i hate about spring  .. i was fine then i walked outside today. .instant sore/scratchy throat and iritated eyes!
this is the reason i dont wake up early!! now im hungry! 
This is the slowest possible lead up to an exam  soooooo excited for 4pm, though its gonna be a mission to get from Winch to Ldn via Ox!
This is the world longest train ride. Ever 
THIS IS THE WORST HOLIDAY EVEEEERRRRR 
This is the worst part of the week, ive got 3 and half hours of doing bugger all 
This is the worst Summer ever 
this is the worst year for formulaone. Weather ALWAYS sucks.  i hope it'll be okay when i watch in september!
This is the worst year of my life. 
this is the wrose day ever 
This is too depressing! Uffft 4 hours to go now!  what should I do tonight?
This is too drawn out - am I laid off or what? Board meeting tonight voted to remove 2 paras from my building but didn't say which 2. 
This is too earliy on a bank holiday Monday  taking eldest girl to her friends as they are going out for the day
This is too early to be up in a morning... 7:05!!!  lol
this is too early to be up on a Sunday. 
this is too early. im too tired and soar. work in an hour  uhg
this is totes what my kids gonna look like one day. http://bit.ly/spo9y  idw do dishes 
this is turning up to be a depressing sunday .....   http://tinyurl.com/lyhnux
This is Twitterific. I need internet 24/7. I've just watched the Apprentice. I'm totally gutted Margaret won't be on the next series. 
this is useless they never reply my tweet at all 
This is utter pants  4 fans blasting, 2 windows and a door wide open and still I feel all hot and bothered! I wanna get outside!!  xx
this is way to early to go to work 
This is way way too early to be in a hospital  why is it always me that THIS happens too 
This is what happens when im bored....paid programming  &quot;Angel of Music
This is what I am drinking instead of beer: Airport is out of beer.. At least it is carbonated...  http://mypict.me/1Zu9
This is what I call, Technology Devotees.... we all are becoming so freaking dependent on technology!  piTy!
This is what i get for barely getting any sleep - a work day that's a full shift but feels like hell 
this is what i get for being up all night. 
This is what I get for going to bed too late. Steven, Gia, my dad and my aunt lori stole all of the pillows! 
this is what I got when opening NFS carbon:  http://twitpic.com/5d0kh   
This is what I hate the most about seeing my family ... Leaving them. Its like freshman year of college all over again. 
this is what i read on the chinese board tt was rly rly rly mean &quot;kris allen sucks my ginamous monster....cock&quot; 
this is what i think about the world @mileycyrus at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee ALOT today 
This is what I wanna do today  http://twitpic.com/4x952 right in my courtyard! I'm in some kinda mood 
this is when i was wiff livvvy(: i miss heer.    http://twitgoo.com/sug9
This is where I need to be.... Back home ...   http://twitpic.com/6t12u
This is where I planned to get my orgasmic caramel frapp with whipped cream BUT KFC had a huge queue so I'm gonna have to wait till 4:30 
This is why I don't like Springfield...I'm bored 
This is why I hate the Da Vinci Code: because it takes nothing but a fucking pop culture phenomenon to get people to question things.
This is why I left the suburbs. I detest traffic 
this is why I never make it to the gym...  I shall overcome today tho!
This is why I should have went to bed before 3 AM at least once during my time off.  
this is why i'm saying i'm gonna be alone forever  you're great compared to other guys i know but when your like this youre the same as em
This is y I DON'T FUX W/ THE HEN DOG ^ I still feel pukey 
This is your digestive system speaking - that milk wasn't fresh, sorry 
This ish is HORRIBLE!!! I need Christopher to crawl back in the hole he came out of. This has totally messed up my memory of him 
This isn't fair. I shouldn't have to pick between friends. 
This isn't fair. You've only seen the dumb side of me lately 
This isn't fun 
This isn't funny. I actually couldn't be more awake. I just want to sleep 
This isnt just for the ''lolz'' anymore 
This isn't my best day, damn i want to sleeeeep 
this isn't my day 
this isn't right 
This job is hell on my hands. I can barely touch anything without splitting my fingertips open or breaking my nails out of the nail beds. 
This job. Wears me out so much sometimes... 
this just hit me...not this week but next week is the last week of american idol 
this just in!George is gone fo sho  but izzie'll be back on season6!so the 'screwtheDNR' thingy's gonna work?hoo! heard the news over at~
This just made me sad  http://bit.ly/iubKy
this just SUCKS, i wanna see miley liiiiiiiiiive  but canttt!
This KFC advert makes me want to hurt people. Your chicken &quot;came in fresh this morning&quot; did it? Yeah - from a Brazilian battery farm 
This lady uses my lotion evryday, and now she shows me a rash on her arm sayn it may be ringworm as she hands my lotion back.  wtf!!!
This ladY was tolD she haD breAst caNcer, it ended up being a mistake, anD thEy took her woman hood, they took her breasT!! G0d!!! 
This Lakers/Nuggets game will be won at the line.  what a shame.
This lazy person is having a lot of trouble right now.. Huhu 
This life is turning out to be more than what its worth 
This lightening is really freaking me out 
This lightening is scary!!  
this little beds too big when you're gone  Zzz
This looks like a great series on different bike marques - http://is.gd/rcb3 - if only I had Discovery HD... 
This looks like it'd be fun to make! Wish it got cool enough here to wear it.  http://bit.ly/3ckAh3
This looks so cool--&gt;http://laweekend.laweekly.com/ --I'll be working that wknd-pooh!  If anyone goes--Tweet me &amp; let me know how it goes!
This makes me sad!  This makes me sad!  http://www.nbc.com/Will_&amp;_Grace_Finale/downloads/wgf_wallpaper_1024x768.jpg
this makes me so sad   i think they have the best web profiles out there and ow they won't work for meeeeeeee!*sob*
This makes me so sad why am I watching this again? 
This makes me want to make more jewelry!! Too bad I need to start thinking about packing instead. 
THIS MAKES NO SENSE 
this math homework is extremely complex   its gonna be a long night
This may be my dumest Tweet yet but I've no clue how to DM yet 
This mayonnaise on corn stuff is disgusting... Yuck man 
This meeting is going to be brutal 
This metro stinks. Probably the hot day + small school children + metro delay. Ew 
this might be a do da do lifes good moment right now 
This might be old news to some people but I just found out that Delirious is not together anymore  http://tinyurl.com/qwztwr
This might have been one of the worst nights of my life 
this migrain kills me. udah dong udah dong. adakah yang tahu apa obat migrainnn? 
this migraine just doesn't want to go away...i wanna go home now  plz mr fyfe plz
This milo is making me feel sick 
this mix i gotta say is one of the best ugh....i gotta find a cd burner sumwhere 
this monday is the mother of all mondays. blech. 
This month, O'Neal said he asked Fawcett to marry him and she agreed. They would wed &quot;as soon as she can say yes.&quot;  http://bit.ly/9B3QQ 
This morning could have been the end of my'drought'. key word: COULD HAVE. fml 
This morning has gone by real slow.  U.B.I. !!
This morning I had an unhappy case of food poisoning. 
this morning i thought i found forgotten cash in my pocket only to find out it was only for Canadian Tire! 
This morning I was combing my hair and broke the comb.  Man that is some nappy hair. LOL
This morning I went to the dentist and got new braces. Now my tongue hurts 
This morning I'm feeling soo ruff  Wishing my dad a happy fathers day, love u!
This morning sucks already 
This morning the historic Georgia Theater caught fire.  
This morning, we r a bit paranoid. He's having runny nose &amp; me ada cought. Rasa mcm nak demam. Oh dear 
This mothers day is starting to suck really bad 
This movie always makes me cry 
This movie is a constant punch in the gut 
this movie is reminding me of all the things i dnt want to be reminded of 
This movie is so depressing ... 
this movie is so sad  i don't know how i'll be able to read the book without crying
This movie makes me want to cry 
This movie STEPMOM gets me every time! SO sad. 
This movie SUCKS! It's awkward &amp; pointless...sorry Diane but you just lost a few cool points. 
This Muse tour is impossible for me to go on  Right before New Zealand!!
this music make me soo happy and soo sad,because itï¿½s over today  ...#ASOT400
this my first time watchin this joint in a while....this jackson american dream joint is sad as hell... 
This my last weekend drinking  @smileamber @nikkiholley
THIS NEPHZ IKE HARAJUKU BARBIE WANA KNO WAT DA RESTOFMY BARBIES N KENS DOIN RITE NOW? IM KINDA LONELY  WATS A BADBITCH 2DO?!
This new trackball got me feeling like a million bucks! Too bad my fone cant git right 
this nigga really left stranded in chick fil a  someone come get me
This night has been soooooooooooo BORING!!!!!!!!!!!    
this night has just been a big EPIC FAIL for me..-smh- got on my suede black/blue XXVIII's n its rainin outside 
this night i Â´m gonna dream with  you but i dream  that youre not with her 
This night I have the honor to pick up my sis and her friend from Rock am Ring. So not looking forward to the traffic 
This night is terrible;( I could not sleep because tooth of ached  But Im hope that today's day will be cool
This night shift is killing me.. lost my watch last night too.. 
this not the least, hope it well soon 
this odeon in town does my head in 
This one I ordered last friday and tomorrow I am away the whole day, buahaha  Planned to bring my old Pro to the service for repair.
This one is for @LadyFantastick Credits   let me know if you get them back. â™« http://blip.fm/~7fvvg
This one person made me happy a couple of hours ago.....now he is making me sad 
This pain in supposed to be getting better not worse. 
This pain no sleep routine is getting kinda old now. I'm so so so tired of this  So Tired.
this paper is stressing me out WAY to much. why do we have ot have a maximum number of pages &amp; why did i pick such a complex topic?? 
This part of step up makes me wanna cry. 
this party is actually pretty cool. some cute boys. too bad they are all gay 
This party is crazy. There are ferrets here, new friends of old frenemies and a lot of past being spilled open. And I have a headache. 
This party just turned into the most awkward thing ever. 
This party will end up being the death of me 
This Peach never went to prom  Maybe I'll ask one of my little brother's friends 2 take me.
this pg's unsafe? or is it coz i didnt clear cache.Either way, this trip's not enuf.  
this phone is such a fuck up. i miss my old phone   twas my baba
this photo makes me sad now... http://bit.ly/ISLfo  
This Physics project is consuming my day. 
this picture upload shit is bunk. i don't have a face now. 
this piece of crap website wouldn't let me log in! they made me think I didn't create my profile when i did!  ...not a good start twitter 
This place is so confusing. Going around the world to get to 95. And I gotta peeee  I wasn't about to go at my clients house :/
This place is too hot!!! I need the cool buzzing of my pc fan........  daddy will be home soon
This poor butterfly was dead  http://twitpic.com/66vlw
This porridge tastes shit! I cba with today man. 
This pregnancy thing takes waaaay too long. I just want my little guy here in my arms. 
this programme is making me sad 
This proves I have alot on my mind right now, I need a hug 
This quiz sucks and Harry Potter sucks ok bye..
This rain blows, my basement is so flooding 
This rain is awesome... But i'm afraid to drive home in it 
this rain is crazy. So tired. wanna go home. Dreading seeing Carlos tonight 
This rain is enough to suck the life out of me but not out of the first 7 1/3 of the game I had a ticket to. Well, one Johan start down. 
this rain is killin my knee   ... UP tonight... oh goooodness!
This rain is redick... 
this rain is seriously depressing me.. reading the book New Moon is definitely not helping as well 
This rain is so depressing 
This rain is so perfect to wake up to. But I do not want to do anything. 
this rain is sooo depressing 
this rain isn't any fun 
this rain needs to stop so i can start making more money. 
this rain seriously needs to stop. it is so depressing 
this rain wasn't meant to arrive until this evening 
this random marine said i look Canadian  i need a tan
This razor is making me go crazy! I miss my baby 
This really sucks not being able to get to sleep 
This recession sucks ass 
this revision break is just not long enough... 
This revision just isn't working!  xoxo
this rick ross album makes me wish i had a car 
This salsa night is great, except for the fact that I haven't danced with a guy all night 
This Saturday has been the pitts... Sum1 make things better 
This scene reminds me of Leslie. We so thought Joe was crying. We were very sad.  Haha. I miss you, Comma Girl.
This school sucks. nobody has service 
This seems a really good web based photo editing tool  from Adobe, no layers though   http://bit.ly/o2f4l
This seminar on war was packed. I couldn't get in. 
This sencha is missing something  My genmai tastes better.  And this isnt usual...
This shack is infested w these tiny red dot bugs i hope theyre not bad but theyre everywhere. And its hoottt. And there are bees. 
