mornin everybody, got up early cos i couldn't sleep.. I'm smothered wit a cold  not nice, today is a special day so is tommorro...
Mornin people....im on my way to work 
Mornin tweeps! I Should really get outta bed, feed the cats and get ready for glasto\ibiza shoppin but its rainin outside and its cold 
mornin tweeps! was awaken by a txt early this mornin &amp; cudnt get back 2 sleep 
mornin tweetsters! I.ve bin up 4 ages on a Sunday mornin. Not good. But i did ave a bad dream! 
Mornin Twitter Fam! Soo tired from lastnite 
Mornin twitterville whats been up?  Got a big bio test this mornin not so sure of myself send up a prayer 4 ur girl  holla later
Mornin! Woke up this mornin w my neck stiff &amp; both shoulders hurtin! Im so sick of this! I guess im gonna have 2 go 2 the doctor w it! 
Mornin!!! Heading to a meeting!! 
Mornin, just finished watching the lightning show,the thunder,awesome! It's still going on but lessening every rumble  Quite refreshing xx
Mornin...twittyvile...Monday again 
Morning  .... Don't feel so good ....
Morning - been up really early catching up on lots of work... weather is terrible outside 
morning  erughhh school which i hate so much , also its my bestfriend's birthday soo you know.
morning - horrible wet soggy walk with the dog now  .....
Morning - no lie in today, relentless helicopter flights overhead going to Silverstone from 8 am 
Morning ! having withdrawals so going to my fave store today ... sigh ... the life of an addict 
Morning ! Sun's in the sky, but Mary still feels sick, don't want to go to school  booah !!!
Morning &quot;Peeps&quot;! It's a beautiful 86; but I'll b in bed again  Hope u have a gr8 day, I'm guna try!
morning , going to the insurance company !! 
Morning :o) it's @ChrisPyUK Birthday today - let's all give him some Birthday cheer - he had to come in early today for work 
Morning ;Sports day today, and I have to do the three-legged race with @Weefeetfrankie  ; Mr Pettigrew said I'm not aloud to trip her up 
morning @Emily999 it didn't go over my foot but it took me 4 a ride when I bumped it down the steps... Oucheee  someone's farted on bus!!!
Morning after iPhone Yoga...owww! 
Morning al, overslept, AGAIN!! Damn I need to try and sleep more 
morning all .. please note to today's date as the day that formula one's history and appeal changed.. 
morning all day 3 of the tonsil wars! i still seem to be loosing 
Morning all I'm STILL not well and v fed up. cold has gone but you don't want to know what I've got now 
Morning all yawwwwwwn  so not ready for today!!!
morning all!   Why am I not able to get the 3.0 #iphone updates now? 
morning all!  Running around today, tickets to arrange, compras to do, all the really interesting stuff! 
Morning all! Had a bad nights sleep. Kept waking up every 5 minutes!  x
Morning all! Havin weird dreams again.  Waking up all angsty 
Morning all! Having a grumpy fed up feeling today  going to have a bath and shake it off hopefully
Morning all! I feel sosososo ill!  Bad times!
Morning all! I missed class today. I have to finish my school video project! OMG. Lot of work 
Morning all! I suppose I'd better do some revision today 
Morning all! I think im coming down with something (AGAIN) and iv lost my voice 
morning all! I'm still feeling a bit crap after not losing any weight at slimming world last night  But back to work today, so a busy day
Morning all! Just getting ready for work, sadly it's not a holiday for all of us! 
Morning all! Looks like another decent day in the Northwoods! AM Sun but PM showers 
morning all! sammys off the eastleigh in hampshire, im all alone 
Morning all! Time to put on clothes and go to work... 
Morning all! Time to start another day of unemployment! 
Morning all! Voice nearly gone thanks to cold in 27 degree weather 
Morning all! Who can complain about getting up early for work when it's this nice outside?! Wish I didn't have a cold though. 
Morning all!! 1 hour bootcamp+3 hour carwash=O.U.C.H. It even hurts to tweet... 
morning all!!!! study day.....yayyyy.....not quite happy 
Morning all!... At work...   Oh well... Another day another dollar... 
Morning all, been a long night up all night with really bad tooth ache, bloody dentists should of just took it out not xray it 
Morning all, busy fucking morning at work, missing a lot. 
Morning all, feeling all out of sync this morning, forgot 2put hot water timer back on last nite 
morning all, finally woke up and now i'm off to wor in 50 minutes  didnt manage to get home until 6am!!!
Morning All, I'm back from my little break from the computer. back to work again today 
Morning all, just up so nice lie in for me, it's been raining  so where oh where to walk dogs.
Morning all, last day of school holidays then back to early starts 
Morning all, Maths Exam Today @ 1.30BST  Please
Morning all, or should I say afternoon? Have been roped into cutting the lawn today and am not looking forward to it, not one bit... 
Morning all, ouch my head 
morning all, rubbish weather on the coast - nuff said 
Morning all, starving and dying for a cuppa but can't cos off to docs for fasting blood test in a little while 
Morning all, suffering from hay fever today  Lovely day though so at least I'm happy whilst suffering!
Morning all, tea &amp; toast finished. Did NOT have good start to day!! Took DD16 2 school, got speeding ticket on way 
Morning all, what another beautiful day! Not a morning to be stuck cleaning the oven, someones gotta do it tho 
Morning all.  Dropping Penelope at the airport today as she is off on hols for a week 
Morning all.  It's Monday. 
Morning all.  Ooooh dear I think I am suffereing from wine flu 
Morning all. Another day in paradise beckons -aka work 
Morning all. Eyes like pee holes In the snow this morning, hayfever's bad, its a boring stupid affliction. 
Morning all. Getting a bit worried about my cat, she is starting to act a bit odd 
morning all. I fell up the stairs with cereal and apple juice in my hand; kept my balance but hurt my toes: thats SKILL. ow 
Morning all. I'm full of cold 
Morning all. I'm up surprisingly early this morning. Woke at 6.30 and couldn't get back to sleep  must be the beautiful weather ☺
morning all. Its another gorgeous start to a day here in Glenrothes-apart from being up early  Hope you have a wonderful &amp; blessed Sunday
Morning all. Jolly good weekend wasn't it? Bet bbq-related sales went through the roof! Wouldn't know, spend most of it stuck in traffic 
Morning all. Just out of the shower having coffee! Am on call this morning so have really been awake since 8am  Nice day tho 
Morning all. Looks like a band of miserable weather passing over the uk  
morning all. lovely sunny day to be stuck in the office again 
Morning all. May have to switch off twitter &amp; all other gubbins for a few days, as I'm so totally behind on work. . . . 
Morning all. New job sat on my desk this am, hip hip hooray. But it's not 3D, it back to step one, digitising line contours 
morning all. off to the dentist! 
Morning all. Sun not as shiny as yesterday and there may be rain by the looks of it 
morning all. went to Spiegeltent last night and forgot about the washing-now it's totally drookit    [ @GHmltn please note use of slang]
Morning all. What a crappy day 
Morning all. What a dull, wet, yucky morning 
morning all. why is it Monday  feel like I've had about two hours sleep!
Morning all... At swimming lesson with son. Daughter at sleepover collect her later. Cafe is closed so no coffee 
Morning all... Just walking down to get a coffee. Shouldve drove down! I can't feel my face with the wind 
Morning all...another exciting day from me sitting on my arse doing nout. 
Morning All...suddenly thrown into this crazy prom mix...school today 
Morning always comes too early... Especially when you toss and turn all night!  
morning at alex's house gotta drive home later today...  was lush to sleep in a real bed though!
morning at school without jjay 
Morning been awake for last hour trying to figure out ways to stay on bed till @10 have an uncanny feeling it ain't gonna happen 
Morning bleezer...should be happy but I dnt know tht emotion anymore 
Morning blues, do you feel me? 
Morning Button Lovers. Weather not looking to great outside 
Morning by the way. Forgot to switch off stupid alarm so woke up at half six 
Morning came too soon today   Starting new diet...beginning day with Orange Creme shake...v. odd.
morning children. its rather cold isnt it. cnt sleep anymore  bricking it for the exams 
morning class  .. always late or bunk ... how can someone wake-up at 8! ...
Morning dear people, looks like another glorious day in sunny Ashton. However, I shall be stuck indoors getting my draft ready for Friday 
Morning everyone - bedroom tidying today to get ready for long overdue decorating 
Morning everyone *yawn* ugh work in an hour... i don't wanna get up 
morning everyone should be going running today but its blowing a gale out there 
morning everyone weathers shit here 
Morning everyone! Back in the office  Isn't it friday yet? *sighs* *needs some coffee* Where's Gibbs?;)
Morning everyone! Can't believe it's the last day of my holiday - back to the grindstone tomorrow. 
Morning everyone! Heavy day of work planned for a Saturday  No fun
morning everyone! i have been up since 4ish and i casnt go to sleep!  grrrrr  38 days until demis concert! (: &lt;3
Morning everyone! In serious need of some decent coffee.. why isn't the catering open yet at 08.30? 
Morning everyone! It's a beautiful day, the sun is shining...and Im stuck inside studying 
Morning everyone, computer issues, rebuilding laptop, fun day 
morning everyone, it's a rainy day here in Pa. had some pretty nasty storms last night , got over 1 1/2&quot; of rain and still raining 
Morning everyone, woke up to rain  Think I'll be having a fry up for brekky, haven't had one in about 2 years, can't wait!!
morning everyone,, got a sore throat.can hardly speak   
Morning everyone. Haven't slept much. My legs are still itching. Bloody insects did a good job on them 
Morning everyone. Not looking forward to May, so many external exams this month  including my early Maths GCSE and AS Sociology
Morning everyone. Playing catch up with twitter. Wasn't on much yesterday and won't be on much today  Hope everyone is well.
Morning everyone. So gloomy out. Boo 
Morning everyone. The girlfriend broke her foot yesterday. Will be a professional skivvy for the next 6 weeks I think 
Morning everyone... I wasn't too tired when I woke up this morning so I thought it would be a good day.. turns out... not so far.. 
Morning everyone... its the last day of school  for the youngest  
Morning everyone... not such a sunny day today  heading to Maidenhead shortly...
Morning Fam! Jouvert is overrrr  ...buttt up next is ROAD MARCH!  wuuuut!
Morning folks, hope everyone is well and having a good day off this bank holiday  - sorry  that @antonvowl  has to work today 
morning folks... here i am bored at work again.. only 5 more hours to go.. then all over again tomorrow 
morning got a error to solve  DoS attack !!! attacked on credit card payment gateways ..solving continuous calls from customer care people
morning guys how was mtpflyers blogtv last night i missed it 
Morning guys just woke up and I feel not so good. Nose is stuffed head is congested and my bidy feels all wierd. Mocos + aching head= 
morning guys!  it's 6:30...IT'S TOO EARLY TO BE UP!! 
Morning internet... miserable day in england :/ June hasnt started to well eh? I miss feeling all fantastic in the morning 
Morning it was too hot to sleep last night but at least S stayed in her cot. Looks like it's going to rain  come back sunshine
Morning LDN. This time tomorrow I'll be landing at T5... 
Morning lovers, got a long long day and it's so going to drag  Erm.. Met Office, where is this rain we were predicted!!! Scammed.
Morning meetings 
morning morning!!!!...sad cause i wont have time for breakfast before class 
Morning my tweeps.  Hope you are all having a great day!  RIP Ed McMahon 
morning my twiggas. i have a serious headace!  i took some meds but i need to lay back down 
Morning not going how I would like 
Morning of watching  The Wiggles Go Bananas   I'm ready for the nut house now but off  to a 4yr old Birthday party
morning of writing orders, not used to writing so hand aching now 
Morning peeps.  Another Monday morning  Only 3 days of work this week tho for me. Have a good day one and all.
Morning peeps. No sun today 
Morning peeps.. Work today 
morning people . . . . off to skl for me in a min, even though im still tired 
Morning people! Last day of my holiday today. Back to work tmrw  It's a 14hr shift too!
Morning people... In fever.. head aching like hell, eyes paining.. what more could i ask for.... 
Morning ppl. Just got to work and I'm already about to go on site. All that walking on uneven sand/dirt is gonna jack my feet up... 
Morning so tired couldn't get to sleep last night cause I had slept the whole day 
morning sore throat blahhh  not so good... wanna go out to beach, but really cba .. got exam tomorrow + not feeling too well anyways tweet
Morning sucks, everything is closed, and places that are open are making me eat grits 
Morning sweetie. Had a great night,woke up with a pretty blonde girl,ha ha! You ok? Poo weather today  xx
morning thank god for waking mi up  2 see another beautiful day bout to call mi mumma miss her 
Morning to my only few followers, Had to get a partime job due to lack of band work, this sucks  off to work I go....oh &amp; I hate the uk.
Morning traffic sucked without my ipod. 
morning tweeeps! today's the day everything will be over 
morning tweeple got to go to work today   then back home for sum bbq and finish my blog up
morning tweeple! i've got my baby bro alll day! aww he's so cute,i just wish the weather was better! i'd take him out 
Morning tweeple,way to early again 
morning tweeple...up early today...must try early nkte more...horrible morning here 
Morning tweeples! Back on my grind... I'm a little bit homesick... I hate that feeling... That's why I don't go to NY that often... 
Morning tweeps I don't like Monday one bit! 
Morning Tweeps still feeling a little sick today  Gonna have a realxing day today I think.
Morning Tweeps!  No cell today I forgot it at home.. I just got to work.. huh!
Morning tweeps! Have a v. busy day today; working in InDesign, which takes all my brain capacity, LOL. I'm feeling a bit stressed! 
Morning Tweeps!!! Hope you have a WONDERFUL week!!....I'm on day 26 with out my desk top 
Morning tweeps, another beautiful day in the uk. Got to work and not happy  I like my job but wish it was a 5 days a week one.
Morning Tweeps, what a beautiful day to be working indoors  Ants quest for petrol begins in 40mins
Morning Tweeps.... It's rainy  always on my day OFF  rest n movies 2day  wanted 2 get out
Morning tweeps...sky is grey, summer is over for another year 
Morning tweet ies,hope all is well...think I am just starting a migraine 
Morning Tweet Peeps &amp; FB Folks. Had plans 2 replace my brakes this morning but its raining  Maybe this aftenoon. Gonna be a busy morning!
Morning tweetbots! I am DYING with my hayfever today. Zirtec has usually kicked in by now, but it seems to be ineffective 
morning tweeters! i miss talking to @kimberleycc  xoxo, start following her she's amazing!
Morning tweeters, How are you all today? The weather is terrible. Can't believe it was over 15.c degrees hotter a few days ago 
Morning tweeters, I'm back to work today, no more west wing in bed 
Morning tweeters, my cat is at the vet today with breathing problems    hoping she will be OK.
Morning tweeters. It's a bank holiday here in the UK so naturally I'm wide awake and up already (yet another night of very little sleep 
Morning Tweeters.. off back to Sheff today... gonna miss everyone 
Morning tweeters...leave it to @getonmylevel and @jeja6 to make my effin morning!!! Ahh I miss you guyz 
morning Tweeties all.  Had a rough nite - am into first cup of coffee ...beautiful day out there. Seems we are in 4 a scorcher. I hurt 
morning tweets    sitting in the doctor's office...the germs got me!
Morning tweets and FB, Day 3 of Grandkids Gone Wild begins with spotty rain 
morning tweets! its a beautiful day!!! woke up with a tummy ache tho 
Morning tweets!! A lil under the weather today 
Morning tweets, I think I blew out the battery on my lap top last night?? Have an appointment for today. Now I am tethered to the wall 
Morning Tweets. Its rain and thunderstorms every frikkin' day until Saturday. I open everyday anyway. This is not my knda week at all 
Morning Tweets. Ppl love to text me like an hour before I need to be up. Now there's no point going back to bed cuz I'll oversleep. 
Morning tweets. They just shut off our cable and internet.  the day better go up from here. Work at 11:30.
morning tweets... on my way to work  it is so cold in oz !!
morning tweets...ahh i hate bad dreams  the job hunt starts today!!
Morning tweople, off to work for another 12 hour shift 
Morning Twerps. I feel as if I've been dragged through a maze of holly bushes. Maths and English today, so completely not ready for Maths 
Morning twitargh...I'm still not well but I'm facing work. My ear keeps popping also 
morning twits! in work  booo! how is everyone today? &lt;3
Morning Twits! School starts today! Great 
morning twits. had breakfast for first time in over a week. dont feel like i even went to bed. that sucks. very very sore today. 
morning twitter i need more coffee and alot more sleep 
Morning twitter world, I didnt sleep worth a crap, so I know I'm going 2 b a cranky SOB 2day 
Morning twitter! (1pm haha) Hmm overcast day... 
morning twitter! Up bright and early(ish) today... It's definately early, not too sure about the bright though! Sooooo tired! 
Morning twitter. Trying this morning people thing of coffee again. Not sure its doing anything for me. 
Morning Twitterbugs! I'm coming down with the flu.. feeling quite ordinary! 
Morning Twittererererers!! Why does it have to rain???  Im happy today though! Lovin life!!xx
Morning twitterers! I hope you'll all have a chill out weekend, doing what you wanna do unlike me. I've been &quot;invited&quot; to work today. 
Morning twitterers...i am super sleepy today 
Morning Twitterland!! I'm awake! Gotta go to placement  OMG ahhhh it's TOMORROW! WOOHOO  MCFLY &lt;3
Morning twitterland. I'm up and heading into work....long ass day today. 
morning twitters - another sunny day, wasted if ur indoors all day like me  just hung out some washing - wonder if a second load b4 work?
Morning twitters - where's the sun gone 
Morning Twitters!!! Im At  Work , Super Hungry &amp;&amp;  All I Have Is Some Water... 
morning twitters...on my way to drill, a long day of exercising and running...military life 
Morning Twitterville...need coffee but off to take puppy to vet for another round of shots. Wish me well. Hate to see her cry... 
Morning went fast! The shower won't make hot water  I was so angry at it. Setting off for school in 10, so bye!
Morning workout was a no-go. Woke up with a massive headache. 
Morning world 
Morning world! Going to be another scorcher, and im stuck in the office 
Morning world, got most the garden done ... Well now it's time for work 
Morning world, I dun wanna get off my bed, but I have to 
Morning World, pretty horrible weather today 
Morning world, the sun seems to have gone away, maybe to Majorca or some other popular tourist spot. Hope it comes back soon 
morning world. i just basilly jusy layed here with my eyes closed for 6 hours and never fell asleep. nw ihave to get ready to run a mile 
morning world. Nice cough  - up &amp; at em today - heaps today - presso to write, house to clean, TAA to prep for delivery (&amp; assessment)
Morning world... oh, I hate being up early on a sunday... 
Morning world..... I have to carry on working as I did NOT win the Lottery  Better luck next week...
morning!  had to leave the house right away and wont be home till tomorrow    getting my haircut right now
Morning!  I'm just getting up. Man its 2 early for me rite now 6:20 am 
Morning! Alot going on 2day. Started my day already and worried if @Daniwhitebricks and @Frankibee made it back safely... 
morning! Any plans for Memorial Day? I'll be working all weekend, including Monday 
Morning! E3 week begins this morning with Microsoft's press conference this morning. Man, I wish I could of gone this year. I miss E3 
Morning! Feel really uncomfortable in this heat  Postive: 4 day week! Yippee!!!
Morning! Feeling like I might be coming down with something  Think I'll make some soup later.
MORNING! fun night out last night, work soon booo! 
Morning! Get ready 2 back 2 jkt 
morning! ha ha couldnt be bothered to tweet last night now reading the tweets i feel left out 
Morning! Happy Father's Day ; Oh i miss you daddy  im sure u'll celebrate this day on heaven where you are!
Morning! I don't really have anything to to today... Blah  o well sometimes doing nothing is nice
Morning! I had the second worse nightmare ever... Must of been the teriyaki sauce but I was soooo scared! It seemed so real 
morning! i'm soooo sleepy  but its pretty outside and there's a lot of things to do today! 
Morning! Its a very wet one in manchester and to make it worse ive got no food in for breakfast  oh well! At least its the weekend!
Morning! It's raining!  Hope you're all well!
Morning! Its raining, wish I could have slept in today 
Morning! Just did a timed english essay... It went shit. This is why im going to fail english 
Morning! Must have slept funny, got a very stiff neck... 
Morning! Off to a 5 hr CPR class... This is gonna be a loooooooong day 
Morning! Off to school for my French exam  Why are by followers dissappearing?
morning! OMG, it's already 10plus, I must be very tired 
Morning! On mi way to school... 
Morning! On the way to Simei ITE. Travelling to the East is such a hassle  #fb
Morning! School run then off to work 
Morning! Think man-flu may have caught up with me, feel awful  However, being female, life must go on, pass me the paracetamol...
morning! Trying to get ready for camping trip this weekend. Would rather let rest of family go while I stay home and do nothing at all 
morning!! good mood, bad pain. lovely day for staying in bed again 
MORNING!! How is everyone today? Sunny here in Sussex. Sunnier still in Croatia, where I'll be tomorrow  But no tweet for a week 
Morning!! Im off to work on this blah day....kinda upset,,,gonna miss tales from the darkside all day marathon  |sigh| Lata!
morning!! not so sunny 2day  opperation move out begins
Morning!! Off to school  let's get the week finished already!!
Morning!!! back at work  but Wow what a vacation that was haha MISS YOU JENN!!!!!!!!
Morning!!!! God it's awful weather out today... This may lead to a lack of Boyzone following. And that makes me sad  Hope we're all ok! xx
Morning!!!!!!!!!!!! How R U today?? work again  I feel like I have No purpose in Life!
morning!... I wanna go to bed 
Morning!... VERY TIRED 
morning, back to school for me,  I am looking forward to summer holidays already.Plan to get the dust off and load some film in my cam.
morning, chores today. going into the kitchen late - 2p. haircut, home depot, clean gargage, recycle, wash my car. nothing involve food  
Morning, could someone please give me some &quot;get up and go&quot; seemed to misplaced mine today 
Morning, fathers day assembly at pre-school today.  Going to be very cute, but won't see it as I'm not daddy 
Morning, folks. Had a very crap night last night 
Morning, getting ready for another day game. Back in buffalo it's barely 60 degree    Heads up, print ad campaign starts this week.
morning, going to school and eating lucky charms, i really dont want to get on the bus carzii stalker guy rides it 
Morning, i'm soooooo sleepy. plus, I can't get rid of this cold/allergy thing  blah.
Morning, lots of stuff to do today... looking forward to the weekend... but not looking forward to being knocked out of the premiership!! 
morning, piddling down here!!  must be a bank holiday.!
morning, quick helooo...will be out of wifi range in deepest darkest Liverpool for next 24 hrs &amp; don't have technology to tweet otherways 
Morning, rain again  Setting in for the weekend slump of clouds and rain...plus camping, so that should be an adventure
Morning, slightly better mood now than earlier. Watching scooby doo. Missing my boyfriend, I wish I had credit. 
Morning, still Sick and tired, latin Test today 
Morning, sun is shining but not as warm as it did in Egypt..back in sweden 
morning, suns not out  can't believe I have a full day of math today..
Morning, up a stupid o'oclock for some reason this morning  Work today, tesco tonight, walk later.
morning, watching some real world as the hills weekend break bailed out on me 
morning, weathers misserable as usual 
morning.  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/xbzqt
Morning.  I wish I wasn't awake.
Morning. As I'm going away today I've already done my changes to eps 1&amp;2. I do have to clean the litter trays and cut the grass though. 
Morning. Back in college today  but going home at 1pm. Yay for my Mondays!
Morning. Back to the old shitty weather.  I am guessing this past 2 days was all the summer we're going to get in the UK.
Morning. Cleaning day. 
Morning. day 2 in cocaine city. I spread illness 
Morning. Feeling very tired and a bit ill this morning 
Morning. Glad to know im a great mom but a lousy wife. 
Morning. Going to school now 
morning. i appear to be a little hungover. also optician told me yesterday working on computers is ruining my eyes - yay! 
Morning. I'm not sleeping well &amp; I don't know why. I'm not really stressed about anything (at least nothing out of the ordinary). Monday= 
Morning. iPod on shuffle, need to do some uni work today  - Shall spread #ff up throughout the day
Morning. It's a working day for me. I've to catch up several hours of bugged programming 
Morning. Long day ahead of me today - 10am to 5pm work experience 
Morning. Maths exam here I come in an hour 
Morning. My throat is still sore; definitely getting sick. At least it waited till after interviews. Rain today for Isaac's field day. 
morning. planning for today: do nothing till 5 pm, 5pm-2am: work  blegh
Morning. Power is out which means no coffee 
Morning. Sunburnt and hungover. Double oweee 
morning. Uh counting the days makes me breathless, I won't say good bye to you 
morning. up again for another day at work.  Cant it just be friday?
Morning. Up now after a tiring day yesterday  Going out for a pub lunch to celebrate my mum's and my dog's birthday... hmm
Morning.. Bus ride to school. Grr i hate waking up Early.!   &lt;If Your Happy I'll Be  Happy For You!&gt;
Morning.. this day is horrible. 
Morning..! Feelin poo, covered in bites and not very happy   Ah well hey ho.. Off to work I go....... Have a nice day peoples! xx
Morning...  I'm still not in a great mood.  And- #manic.  Great...  
Morning... I am so not ready to go to school. 
Morning... Working but not feeling well 
morning....  sad times today
Morning.......just got home from the doctor and feeling very violated 
morning...and is sick today 
Morning...being forced to get up 
Morning...hatchiiii..every...hatchiiii...one...hatchiiiiiii!!!!! Arghh.. It happens to me EVERY morning.. 
Morning...what a gorgeous day! ... shame il be watching it from inside...  xxxx
morning.right eye hurts idk why. 
Morningggg .. Work today  don't get of until 7
Morningggg, sup babes &amp;dudes  ! I was dreaming and drooling about getting 1-5cream puffs ytd night that i can't sleep ! 
morningggggg; tired  [getting ready for school]
Mornings - I hate. Sleeping - I like. 
Mornings are grumpy time. Plus the cereal was stale 
Mornings gone well, under pressure for dinner though 
Morninnn! Gotta do the piano course in an hour, still sleepy.. Don't get much of sleep lastnight, had trouble sleeping ugh.. 
morninnnnnng hah. dreaaaading work tnight 
Morocco D-10 ... I need some sun ... awful weather in Paris 
Morrnning! Its too early!  haha
morrowchris: On way to pilates and car won't start. 
Morrrniiing Such Bad Weather  x
morrrning! on the computer at school since 8.30, making assignments for dutch. only the book report is left now. 
morrrrrrrrrrrning! i just went out to walk the dog and it is SO freaking hot! it's 10 30 am! and it's not even summer yet 
mortgage bank on sat is = to nails on a chalkboard  save me
Mortis the Tortoise died and Josh cried. We are going to bury him today. This is the first pet that has died on us   Im soo sorry Mortis T
moscow's cancelled  but that's okay, pkov here i coooome 
Mosquito bite on my chest has turned into a 3rd nipple.   http://twitpic.com/5cnr3
Mosquito+bedroom+sleep=disaster. I have bites all her my neck and face 
Mosquitoes go away! I have 174826 bites 
mosquitos EVERYWHERE GROOSSS i'm freaking OUT!!! 
mossin' w/newmoonmovieorg &amp; the though of miley made me more sick  not good at all&lt;/3
Most annoying dream ever. It's all your fault 
most boring weekend of my life, the most exciting thing i did?  see star trek w/ my mom, and i stayed completely sober all weekend 
most cats chase me... I don't know why 
Most days I put up w/ livin in our shoebox apartment 2 save $$ but 2day is not 1 of them. The moment sumthin's fixed sumthin else breaks. 
Most definitely. Lol my tummy hurts 
Most depressing race ever 
Most depressing thing said to me yesterday? Whilst putting on suncream 'don't forget the receeding bits of your forehead' 
most likely having a summer without a jonas experience :/ 
most likely won't be getting an iPhone again.  None of my insurance will cover it and I can't afford a new pay &amp; go one.
Most of the Shenklets are at home. Just missing Auliya 
Most people are just winding down for the day, I'm only just getting started... 
Most people run around the park. Just managed a run TO the park  must try harder.
Most people would say the Brad/Jen split was the most shocking. For me it was the Reese/Ryan split. 
Most probably am going to spend my free day off school inside seeing as it's a dull dull day (weather wise) 
most random night ever, last day at the birch tomorrow.. 
Most recent two posts on my Twitter homepage: &quot;These socks are depressing&quot; then &quot;Two killed in freeway crash.&quot; 
Most sleep deprived weekend everrr! Lamesville pop. THIS girl 
Most terrifying thing just happened to me. I don't know if it was sleep apnea, but I couldn't move, speak, or see. I'm so freaked out 
Most Trader Joe cheeses are vegetarian; they are made with microbial rennet   rather than animal 
Most upset by the ending of S1 ep 11 Heroes  *stamps foot*
mostly envy 
mostly ghostly is a scary movie 
Mostly, life is raging river. So sometimes you need to swim to shore, sit awhile.  ~Trixie   Wish I could, just can't right now... 
Moth attack part II: we know where you work and now your brain is ours!!!... Save me 
Moth infestation apparently fruit moths, w/ a taste 4 citrus. Large protruding proboscis penetrates skin &amp; fouls the fruit..I love citrus 
Mother eff. Im sick again for my stupid sat! Help me pass 
Mother eff..I'm at work till 11 and can't enjoy iPhone 3.0 on my broke ass phone yet 
mother fuckerrr. i left my ipod in the car! 
mother fucking cunt shit face fucker.  why are my bestfriends leaving!?!?!?!?!  fuckers.
Mother furious with me. I ate her breakfast while she showered. Hell, I thought she wanted help with her diet, guess not. 
Mother has me cleaning 
Mother in law and sister in law visiting. Means I'm out shopping with 4 girls 
Mother is crying and won't tell me why 
Mother is trying to kill me just blow her smoke right in my face    Bitch!
Mother just fed the cats. I love my cats, but the smell of cat food makes me feel really sick, plus this new food stinks up the house 
Mother Nature ... Why are you tearing up today??? 
mother son of a bitch!!!!! 
Motherf-cking phone!!! I had a long one nearly lasted the legal limit but the phone battery died!!   
Mother-fficient during 6hrs break, finally completed 11-page report! Sawsome! But super reluctant to return to tut from 4-6pm 
MotherFucker having 2 hours of sleep sucks major goat balls! Ray is working this morning! 
Motherfucker! I just scratched my phone... Aggg and I was doing so good 
Motherjane is playing at MySpace Secret Shows today in Mumbai. Wonder why that's not on Last.fm, under events 
Mother's day delayed my submission.   Need to update the database before I can submit to Apple.  Will try again tomorrow.
mother's day dinner is postponed..  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/svksj
Mother's Day gift search: epic fail 
Mother's Day is tomorrow and no money to do anything because we couldn't get a check cashed 
Mother's Day!  Too bad i'm just getting off work &amp; 2 tired 2 enjoy it... 
MOTHER'S DAY. 
mother's day.  do you know where your children are?  I don't. 
Mother's Day. Going out to dinner later. Wow. So confused. I really have no idea what to do.  It's not like me.
Mother's Day's no fun when your mom is in the hospital 
Mothers not getting me lunch  so I've made a cocktail sausge &amp; Philadelphia cheese sandwhich!
Mothersday sux 
Motion City Sountrack playing at the White House for xmas 09!? That's guna b SiiiiiCK. I would totally go if it wasnt invite only 
Motion sickness is more prominent when you're horribly sleep deprived 
Motivation....anyone got any spare - struggling today 
MOTM Jamie Roberts!! Gotta change front row &amp; maybe numba 10 for next Test!! 
Motorcycle pulled over on 94?! 
Motorway still closed for me  sorry if I'm being noisy but I am very very bored! #stuckonthemotorwayforoveranhourandahalf #M4 #traffic
motwani no more  RIP
Mouldy toast, lumpy at the bottom cup of soup Not my idea of a decent tea 
Mount Matryoshka has defeated me. 32/160 only completed...what WAS I thinking?!!! going to cry into my pillow now..shattered 
Mountain gorilla caught in snare in Rwanda  saved by daring Mountain gorilla vets - check out story/photos http://bit.ly/566Fu
mourning because i can never share moose tracks with my best friend 
mourning in the name of my country men in Iran, mourning in the name of Neda who was shot to death by members of Basij  lol
Mourning loss is devastating.... buried my husband yesterday 
Mourning my digital camera and angry at the rowdy guy who knocked it out of my hand 
mourning my final vacation day...back to work tomorrow.... very sad 
mourning the death of my cable service, how tdo I have a fulltime job and no cash left to watch expensive NYC tv? I miss NY1 
Mourning the death of my camera, you will be very, very missed 
Mourning the end of Spring Break.....I don't wanna go back 
Mourning the loss of a lovely old mulberry tree on the perimeter of the parking lot where I work. 
Mourning the loss of most of my hair 
mourning the loss of my old mac book.  Things haven't been the same since my old hard drive dies &amp; got replaced 
mourning the loss of our yellow lab fish 
mourning Yukkies i dont say &quot;Good&quot; cause my Yum isnt here waking up with me 
Mouse's center click button is not working  ..I use it very frequently for opening links in new tabs
Mouth is killing  cant even think bout working missin benjii 
mouth ulcers suck 
mouth ulcers... due to change of sleeping cycle 
Move delayed to morning 
move in dayyyyyyyyyy!!!!!! too bad i wont have internet for the weekend 
Moved back home to des moines  so sad
Moved cows out last night, heading over to our east pasture to check on the girls and babes!  Still no rain!  
moved into the new place...but no internet until Friday 
Moved on to  heartbreaker,wanted to listen to love is hell but i can't find it 
moved out of her old appartment 
moved to the other room. i felt comfier inside my room. 
Moved to war-room from my regular seat as we have a major release coming up. Weekend is going to be busy. 
Movers are here. My apt is already looking weird and sad  goodbye Melrose Place.
Movers are here. My apt is already looking weird and sad  goodbye Meltise Place.
Movers got here 30 mins ago (an hour early), main guy says we should be on the road btwn 11-12. 
Movie fail: theatre closed due explosion in sewer 
Movie just ended, such a sad ending 
Movie night a no-go. Got turned down  Points for trying?
Movie night bc I have to work tomorrow.  Watching The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. So far, it's a really good movie.
Movie night in my living room with a &quot;blast from the past&quot; tonight. Gonna get into some trouble? Ut-oh. It would hurt my feelings... 
Movie night then sharis... twas a good night. Darrien leaves in two days  adam truelife in 7  who's gonna b next? Goodnight everyone!
Movie night was lame. The movie was awesome (the worst movie ever, but HILARIOUS), but everyone went left early 
movie night.... and no popcorn 
Movie Over  I know GIA dies!BUT WHY! Bout 2get my housewife(-Hubby)on...Laundry,Cleaning &amp; Marinate this Chicken 4 Tomm..Be safe Clubbers!
movie session cancelled  need to grab my dinner now before passing out!
Movie time is over wish @TamaraMascara was thre but she's in Arizona  lil LALA missed u
movie was a bust, cause we wanted to see it in 3d or what's the point. 
Movie was really good but sad 
Movie was sad, I cried 
Movieeee awards soon! The hills new episode as well! Sucha great day....until my car battery died 
movie-ing it tonight! :] looks like i have to go docs for my foot now 
movies i wanna watch: drag me to hell, transformers 2, alice in wonderland, harry potter 6. might just watch most of them online 
Movie's over.   Now I'm watching Grease on Vh1.
Movies tomorrow w/ bestie Hadley and Manny and Dia dia lmao I want R word 
Movies tonight.... Hangover or that denzel shit?.... Yeh I still haven't seen hangover yet 
movin on to frenchhh 
moving ! so sad , gotta miss you 
Moving a WordPress site to a new domain was not as simple as I thought.  Learning WP is absolutely fun, tho! #fb
Moving across the country is stressful! It's hard to find time for a lot of stuff. 
moving again... 
moving back to orillia for awhile.  i'll miss you toronto 
moving between states is way expensive and way not cool 
Moving Courtney out of flint for the last time  #fb
Moving crap outta the house. F'n fun!  
Moving cubicles today. No more windows! 
moving day lot of strangers in ma house dont like it 
moving day tomorrow...which mean no net for a week 
moving day!!! its wet and cold outside 
Moving day...bittersweet 
MOVING HOME TOMORROW!! oh yeah! @sallyslytherin if there was any recording sorts planned i will probably be on the road and thus unable 
Moving house sucks, especially when your ex-housemates leave you with all the heavy cleaning 
Moving house today! Woop! Won't have net for a week though 
Moving in 2 weeks! Excited about the change, but we're going to have to give up our new rolls as Members on our Local Spiritual assembly 
Moving is hard work! This is my last night in the house I grew up in. 
moving junk around in the garge  my dad is making me!
moving moving moving, keep those boxes moving, Rawhide!! think i've gone delirious from moving 
Moving my iTunes library from my PC to Mac is not fun - I have 25 songs with missing artist/album tags. And lots of missing artwork 
Moving office in USA next week.  What a fun time that will be 
Moving on easier said than done 
moving out . . 
Moving out and leaving Wallace 
Moving out in 5 days. Boooo 
moving out of 440 east 23rd. my, how time flies. 
moving S L O W L Y into get them on the bus mode ... and i mean slowly. Mondays! 
Moving stuff out of my house  sad process.
Moving sucks hardcore.   Think im gonna go dye my hair...
Moving sucks. 
Moving sucks. Just took a chunk out of my finger trying to move a box out of the car 
Moving to America for 4 months soon alone  hope I get to meet @taylorswift13
MOVING.... to Redmond.... 
Mowed in the heat yesterday, gotta umpire in it today. 
Mower Fixed now for the decorating gonna miss this beautiful weather though 
Mowing #6. I hate my lawn 
Mowing again. 
Mowing hay, er, the grass on a windy pollen filled day. 
Mowing just is not gonna happen.  Damn. Flat tire this am threw me behind.  Sorry sweetie.  
mowing the lawn in this weather sucks 
Mowing the yard is not fun in the dark... 
Mozilla Fennec, v.1.0 alpha, installed on T*Omnia and testdrove it just now. The result is ...; nice imterface but too slow 
Mp pet results to be declared today evening or tomorow morning  more to w8
mp3 player is dead. 
Mr @Mattjarryastley has gone now  but on the plus side just got an email back from phil! Thank god!
MR B repeats......one way to start the morning....and it seems to work! Shame I can't turn on the volume here 
Mr Blue Sky, just for absent Gareth 
mr bus driver, idk where you going but it seems wrong 
Mr H still trying to fix the Landrover so unless he gets it going 2nite and MOTd tomorrow there will be -ve camping this weekend 
Mr Kelly is leaving...this is so depressing 
Mr Kitty came back!  Now I need to name him!  Next time I will have some cat biscuits 'cause he seems hungry 
Mr sunshine please come outtttt  lol
Mr throst if fucked up. It's gone all dry &amp; horrid  Desperate need of cough sweets.
Mr. Humphries: [deep voice] 'Menswear.' - Mr. Humphries: 'I'm free.' - Mr. Humphries: 'Glass of water for Mr. Grainger.' * RIP John Inman 
Mr. Rowe, I dun't like you. Go away. 
MRI results are in 
mrnin people...bad sunny monday  dnt feel like speaking to the new masters batch at sicsr today in this weather...
Mroning all...safe flight nd fun weekend to all leaving for Miami...smh...hating right now 
Mrs pestering me for portions. I'm to tired 
mrs. Julian lagi buat steak tapi katanya bukan buat gue!  http://plurk.com/p/yum1f
Ms titastrophe read my tweet about her being boring and has eloped with Scot skillz, + Claw has broken down and sent for reapir, so sad 
Ms. Ashford is leaving  ill miss you so much!!!!
Ms. Kim *doesn't* want to go home for the summer...ugh... 
MSI are sending another U115 over though. Kudos MSI! Speaking to support, this is the first reported U115 problem. We're just unlucky. 
msi stuck in my head thanks to the brits 
Msn is being a homo! 
msn just died on me. :/ oh well, off to study 
msn........ daaaaaaaaa I fEe  bad ... sorry (j) but i dont feel good 
MSN's being a dick  @NinjaFrog5
Mt tweeter app is not working!!! 
Mt. Dew 'Horde' is a ripoff. It's the same flavor as the Halo 3 Gamer Fuel. 
mtb accident yesterday.  10 stitches to face. 7 grazes - one 20cm long.  Feeling sore.  Greenbelt half marathon in 14 days now unlikely 
mtb ride was kickass!  its nice to have a base that doesnt disapear that quick when life gets crazy  packing now santa cruz in the am
Mtg running late. My show will be a little late 
Mth review for fur hours.. 
MTNL triband has gone #fail again  . Is anyone else facing downtime? #fb
MTV awards are not on in my area 
MTV awards don't start for an hour and a half here! 
MTV awards is coming on in 15 minutes, the same time as my bedtime  Ohhh.... Wait! i can record it! Yaaayyyy 
mtv awards tonight and season finale of the hills 
MTV awardsssss!  It's a pity that I won't be able to see it 
MTV movie awards are tonight. And I don't have cable 
MTV movie awards! Wish I could be there. 
MTV Movie Awards!!!! it's the saddest thing not having MTV to watch 
mtv movie awards, school in the morning 
mtv movie awards....its funny but no bueno eminem 
MTV WONT LET ME VOTE!! THERES NO VOTE BUTTEN 
MTXX taking a beating,  a great play for the bounce, looks like it's trending down. MM's are having a field day even Blue chip risky 
muahahaha im still up 
much better cuz i saw him, but i already miss him  fuck!
much of yesterday was spent cleaning up baby vomit.  I think Bea's coming down with something 
Much rather watch game program than hear bout my hometown voting in the bnp 
much to @suciosmash's chagrin  *yikes*
Mucho amused. More articles to read! This is actually going to suck 
muck the Fets 
Mucked around enough in XHTML/CSS this morn. Time to get flat tire taken care of, among other things, &amp; it's hotter than hell outside 
Mucking out the stalls from all the school stuff my kids have acquired this past school year.  I can see my floors!  And I'm missing Em 
Mucus monster is threatening to rise up and drown me or smother me in my tissues  Irn Bru is my last hope.
Muddled up feelings  - http://tweet.sg
Mudweight hauled in for last time by @dandypig  http://yfrog.com/0zr2jqj
MUFFIN FAIL: Eating bowls of baked crumbly peices dolloped in icing.  About to vom. Then continue eating.
Muffins: Muffins are delicious, Muffins are neat, I have no more muffins to eat. 
mugging fr her last paper. 5 more chapters to go! 
muh belly huwts 
muh head hurts 
muhahaa just finished doc who series three. started at 8.30 last night (7 hours sleep)! all done 
mulai deh bersin-bersin  really hate this ...
Mulan and jasmine just left to go get ice cream....now I want some I should of went too  hahaha
multiply, wordpress/blogspot and TWITTER FOREVER!!! i think i'm going to leave facebook soon.. didn't like it 
multitasking. watching camp rock at the same time as facebooking &amp; bitesizing. i wish i was naturally clever at science, i hate revsion 
Multi-threading this is hard. 
Multi-vitamins turn my pee dark yellow. 
Mum and dad arguing  Stop the noise !
Mum and dad on their way to the airport. So jealous 
mum and sis are here with their maid to clean my house - apparently it's very, very dirty 
Mum changed the channel 
Mum discharged yesterday after major op and needs daily blood thinning injection - no sign of district nurse 
mum has pneumonia, got stronger antibiotics - was recommended hospitalization, but stubborn mum wants to stay home at least until monday 
Mum is back from hospital. Still has a lot of pain 
mum is ill so she can't drive down to see me today 
mum is making me watch the logies with her, so we can verbally abuse the bogans on TV from our lounge room 
Mum just been on the phone to some random about holidays but after about 10 minutes we cant go when we want to go in july!! grrrr 
Mum just called, now my sister is in hospital 
Mum just told me about how her friend's son OD'd and died the other day.....WHY IS THIS RELEVANT 
Mum made me tidy my room 
Mum woke me up early cause it's fathers day  we're taking dad out for breakfast or something
Mum won't upload Italy pictures yet. 
mum, where r u? your beloved children r hungry and starving at home  @superfluidstate
Mum: &quot;Right, as soon as your exams are finished you need to get a haircut!&quot; oh dear 
mummy feels like crap 
Mummy isn't coming home this weekend.    *pout*
Mum's bugging me t go shoppin w/ her. Spare me. I just wanna stay home and rot. I'll miss e family for an entire week! 
mum's gone out so i'm home alone. she left me a 'list' of stuff i gotta do 
Mums off home today  
mums ranting down telephone to orange haha!   my fake tan is outrageously gone wrong and i cant find my wii games 
Mum's telling me to get off the computer 
munchin in doritos &amp; sippin on arizona fruitpunch. i'm also pretty darn bored 
Munching a kit kat chunky, they seem to be getting smaller everytime I buy one!  #creditcrunch (via @drunkenmonkey87)
Munching my way through cake! Shame its CakePHP and not chocolate cake 
Munching my way through the couple of shit burgers that were prepared for me yesterday. And don't even get me started on the hangover 
Munching on pretzels and diet coke..oh the nightshift 
Muncie, hospital, dad cancer surgery...not good 
Murió Kung Fu: David Carradine   so sad
Murphy went to the vet and got blood drawn today, and a shot, he's got a bandaged paw 
Murphy's law :if anythin can go wrong,IT WILL!!!! soooo applies 2 my life!!!!!!sum1 up there has got 2 ans. 4 this traversity of justice! 
Murrrrrrrrrrr No Lazy Sunday For Me  ----Called Into Work..Bb?---
Muscles I've never felt before are aching. Am I really that big of a kayaking wuss? 
music again. proably sleep early cause im tired and dont feel well. all i want too do is go to the beach 
Music is becoming less and less original in my country. 
music lesson i at 4 30 cant be arsed going though argggg its to cold an it looks like it is gona rain NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!! I hate the rain 
MUSIC MUSIc MUSic MUsic Music music!!!!! Exams  saveee meee 
music no one should have to listen to-Mars Volta, Radiohead &amp; Ween-yuck 
music photoshop games it a perfect day 
Music sets the tone for life...so right now i need to stay away from love songs  
Music used to help me sleep, now all it does is keep me wide awake 
Music wasn't particularly enjoyable today 
music, ethics and me....       ahhh wishing for bright sunny days and being bound gagged and kidnapped...
Music, music, music. // vanessa carlton - twilight &lt;3 // what the f*ck is that ? my userpic is a bit . . destroyed. &gt;.&lt; // ouch. 
musicmonday, followfriday, 80stweets, threewordsaftersex (and other tedious trends) - Twitter slides slowly down the pan 
musim se naucit lip vyhledavat informace na twitteru 
Musiq Soulchild, Anthony Hamilton and Goapele all in one concert?  Its like musical bliss and i have to miss it 
Musiq Soulchild, Mint Condition, and Eric Benet are all gonna be at the Indiana Black Expo this year n I'm gonna miss it.  &amp; I love themmm
mussinex...it used to work now it dont even work 
must b the moon or something bc am so depressed 2nite 
must be a better way of syncing my laptop and desktop computers.....so slow doing shared folder 
Must be a European thing. I want bank holiday too!  dammit.
Must be a friggin miracle. I was up before 6 a.m. to workout. Gotta boost that metabolism! Now off to work 
must be celebrating, huh? 
Must be getting old. It now takes weeks for a pulled muscle to stop hurting.  And it seems to hurt a heck of a lot more than it use to.
Must be quite gloomy outside, Ihad to switch-on the office lights. Think we're supposed to be having a rainy day today anyway, so... 
must be the heat that is getting to me.  
must concentrate on my uni assignment !!! 
Must crawl into bed now. 4/20 fully celebrated all weekend with tunes and good friends. How ya gonna clap?!? Missing Jazz Fest  next year!
must do my geo ass which is due 2moro. crap haven't started yet 
Must do some practice for the gig tonight. Can barely remember which way round to hold the bass 
must do this stupid report on childrens health 
must find hair salon too hungover to do own hair 
must finish homeworks! oh pimple go awaaaaaaayy 
must finish.... can't go to bed til I finish this... :-|  )
Must get back to my desk 
MUST get out of bed, I have so much to do  All I want is sleep... a cuddle would be nice too 
must get out of my comfort zone with necessity.. 
Must get up.....too damn comfy tho 
Must go now 
Must go to bed now..Need my sleep !!!So tired of school ..I hate Croatian schools.I wanna move to NY or CA .Ohh.We can pick r birth place 
Must go to bed soon....630am comes WAAAAY to fast 
must go to the docs tomorrow... i feel so bad 
Must go unpack from this weekend's trip so I have room to sleep on my bed 
must have a Rabbid rattling around in her brain. Sorry to anyone who's called. I just don't feel up to having phone coversations today. 
must have a shower and get dressed. Hopefully nice things will be delivered today  Off to see Grandpa in law in hospital later  not good
must have been the first WE since a while that nobody logged my caches 
MUST have failed my math! 
Must head back to the office 
Must ignore the sunshine. Essay to finish... Harumph 
Must learn music for a test. Blues is not very interesting. and i don't understand it  HELP...
Must learning now   for the french test next week!!!Nnnnoooo
must like vacuum my laptop its all dusty 
Must not be my day 
must NOT go to sleep with wet hair tonight, we allll know how that turns out 
Must play catch up at work since I took yesterday off. No fun! 
Must quit working 4 2night. Need rest. Going 2 watch The Bachelorette &amp; eat peanut butter &amp; honey toast. Ps. I'm not a fan of healthy PB. 
Must remember to go on Active Sports this weekend. Was all g'd up for the 30 day challenge when I got it but only been on it once since. 
Must remember to take the Hayfever tablets before I leave the house in future... achoo! 
must remember, the tag for the SLA conference is #sla2009, not #sla09 -- oh, except I'm not going so I guess it doesn't really matter 
Must resist elizabeth &amp; james sale on hautelook.... 
must resist internet.... must do homework 
Must say this again...fedora sucks   ( Mandriva/Ubuntu/Mint/OpenSUSE/Sabayon/Debian &gt;&gt; Fedora )
Must seek rides with at least a thrill factor of 3 - Ari actually wants to go in the upside down one, but she's not tall enough yet  #fb
Must sleep!  I was up all night talking to Dillon! Also have to study. 
Must sleep... Can't sleep... News to catch up with. Those protesters are amazing and FIERCE. Hope no one gets hurt tomorrow. 
Must something bigger - there are more than 2 firetrucks outside - maybe an accident on the motorway once again 
Must start cleaning....  Can't get myself to do it...
must still be drunk cos now i'm craving saveloy and chips. or a greasy kebab. grrr, no chippy in chicago 
must stop watching the machinist as i fall asleep...can't handle the nightmares 
must study for law today. leaving stras so soon 
Must tidy room 
Must use facilities but may mean we are late for the opening. 
must. clean. house. But I don't want to! 
Must. Do. Laundry. Blah. 
Must. Have. Water. Ow, ow, ow! V bad hangover 
Must... finish... English... homework. But I don't want to! I have a Trig test to study for plus Health homework on the agenda! 
must... stop... using... LOL, so much... crap I did it again 
Must...workout...soon...   
Mustang is in the shop for the next couple of days 
MUTHAFUCKIN CRISIS! MY BLACK ASS IS HAVING A MELTDOWN! http://twitpic.com/7kj5l no more left 
muthhaaaa ... my tummy isnt happy 
Muwahahaha .... &gt;.&gt; hides behind pink font... but it dont work too much cuz this is black and not pink  @BoxerBritt
Muy triste. Shock.  http://tinyurl.com/kv7wl3
MW2 looks awesome as expected....  too bad the IGN live video feed keeps dying on me.   guess I'll have to watch it on G4 tonite
MWI.com last nyt.....i dnt feel hungova i jst feel mega tired  xxx
My #1 boss (Actually i have 2) just told me he'd better work alone...  And I'd better work with my #2 boss... hate dual subordination 
My #art is regressing... 
My #Dell is still spontaneously freezing...what the heck! It's new, tech support thought it was fixed, and I don't know what else to do 
My #ERIC banner is gone on Tweetie. 
My &quot;Barn Buddy&quot; application in Facbook is not working AGAIN! 
My &quot;crush&quot; asked me if I wanted to go support him at a skate contest on Tuesday. Too bad my exams starts on Tuesday! FML? FML deffo! 
My &quot;I wanna impregnate your sister&quot; joke did not go over too well.... thanks alcohol. 
my &quot;Katie&quot; bracelet keeps falling off  im scared im going to lose it
My &quot;stuff your face with nothing but fruit all morning&quot; diet has been severely thwarted by the fact that we're out of fruit. 
my @ thingy isnt working so i hav 2 type my follow fridays  so i cant do that many dis wk sorry tweoples u know i love u all mwah
My @Less_Than_Jake lighter is almost out of fluid. Sad 4:20 
My @papajohns order is wrong again  Sent in their on-line feedback form / hopefully it does not fall on deaf ears.
My @vimeo video finally got converted, 39 hrs after I uploaded it. And the quality is no better than YouTube  Maybe I'll try HD next time.
My 10 year old sister has a boyfriend and i don't. Ugh. I feel even more pathetic. 
My 10mth old is on her 3rd outfit due to the inordinate amount of drool her teeth are making. Teething is awful. My poor baby girl 
My 12yr old son is teasing me with my @wemasturbate t-shirt 
My 13 year old broke his arm last night at a B-day party. ER's at 1:00am are scary. Bummer. And he was to drum at church tomorrow. 
My 13+ yo deaf beagle is having major hip problems (up from minor joint problems), need to start planning for his &quot;retirement&quot; 
My 15 year old sister is a spoiled brat. She's home &quot;sick&quot; and instead shes hogging the computer  and she never does any chores which  ...
My 15 year wedding anniversary today + I'm a thousand miles away from my bride in #Boston. 1st time we've been apart for an anniversary 
My 17 inch mbp battery inflated   http://twitpic.com/4iz8l
My 1Republic voting don't work!!!  There's no +. aaargh!
My 2 female fish just had BABIES!! Cheaaa..Well...eggs technically. My male fish got it popping!! Too bad he died just before fathers day 
My 2 female green terrors (fish) just laid a few hundred eggs! My male green terror got the job DONE...before he died 
My 2 friends r meeting me in atlanta today yay! And they r bringin the hunster!!!!! I've missed my pup 
my 2 sis or coming anyday now i wish my other sis and bro was here 2 
My 2 year old has once again my iPhone and wont give it up   http://pic.im/5Jz
My 2 year old niece keep waking me up. 
My 2 year old would love nothing more than to go play outside... it's just too hot. 
My 20 month year old daughter, will miss out on the whole experience of father’s day, My husband is working offshore 
My 2nd semester starts tomorrow  Why so soon? Why?!
My 3 Mobile wireless broadband is REALLY slow. Bugger 
my 30 gig iPod, aka my old iPod, officially died today, it completeley stopped working   Andie: 2006-2009
My 300th Tweet!!! I havent got my broad band yet so I can't twitter when ever I wanna...  I miss twittering
My 360 is broken, horizontal lines and muddy graphics, $ down the toilet!   
My 3GS has been &quot;backing up&quot; for nearly 2 hours now.... 
My 4yr niece is now bored....asked if she could text.  
My 5 day vacation ends today.  #squarespace
my 502 prof isn't dr. ramos 
my 50mm broke 
My 5pm meeting with a student was cancelled 'cause he didn't showed up.  Wasted an hour  oh well, back to writing notes
My 6 pack of beer just broke outside the store 
My 6yo daughter is empathy-challenged.  It's very disheartening.  
My 7 yr old cousin had an appendix operartion tday!!   
My 8 GB USB flash drive died, ... 
My 80+ hour tyler session is over. 
My 9 year old nephew just emailed me asking 2 join him 2 play mini golf, too bad I have breakfast &amp; meet &amp; greet in Tyson's  so cute
my 9402-400 is to old to use the PCI cards; have to go shopping to buy the 2617 one with transceiver attached 
My a/c compressor is shorted out...bad timing for sure. 
my ability to send mobile tweets died for some reason 
My abs are very sore, thank you mike and allen. 
my abs hurt  too much gym work!
My ac is broked. 
My AC rarely turns off! Yikes! Don't want to see my electric bill. 
my acoustic neuroma on MRI is 2.2cm. im feeling numbness on the leftside of my mouth and  sometimes headaches on the lefside. 
MY ADOBE FLASH PLAYER IS WORKING AGAIN, PRAISE GOOOOOOODDDD!!! =P Ok so, now imma go pack! 
My afternoon kinda fell apart. 
my AIM is broke. this is so very sad 
My aim is not working due to network problems 
My air mattress has a hole in it. I'll have to find some hit glue to fix it. Temporary patch: Wall hanging paste. 
My alarm clock was my growling stomache this morning 
My alarm didn't sound this morning, so I'm way late  Though I still found some time to check twitter before I left for work ;)
my alarm is set to go off in three and a half hours 
My allergic rhinitis gotten worse... 
my allergies are BAD today. 
My allergies are getting really bad. going home hope my sister is still home. i was suppose to help her 
My allergies are horrible today! 
my allergies are kicking my ass right now....sad face 
My allergies are killing me. I was fine until I walked around center city yesterday. Now I am a stuffed up, sneezing mess 
My allergies are so bad I can't even think straight. This is miserable. 
my allergies have kicked it into high gear and I feel miserable 
My all-in-one virtual surround sound system (which I loved) died this morning - won't turn on. All the options to replace it r expensive 
My alpine tix r nowhere to be found  if u can make a miracle happen DM me #phish
My alt+shift+del doesn't rest my phone anymore 
my amazing day just got completely ruined 
My ankle definitely just twisted under my leg and didn't snap, but I can barely walk on it  sweet life!
my ankle got twisted while getting off a tram  goddamn heels!
my ankle hurts 
My ankle hurts  time for sleep.
My ankle hurts again and I have a swollen knee 
my ankle hurts so much i feel like ill never walk again 
my ankle hurts suuuper bad.  fuckin pissed that im in a cast for another 6 weeks.  
My ankle is burning from the pain that's still lingering afte I slid on the beautifully varnished wood floor really really fast.. ouch 
My ankle is hurting! Again! It always happens when the weather is too hot...I don't know what to do to avoid it... 
My ankle is killing me, feels like I've done something really bad, but I haven't! Having broken that ankle before, I remember the pain. 
my ankle is kind of hurting today and it sucks a little bit 
my annoyance is getting worst with this office... 
My anti-nicotine resolve is wavering slightly 
My ap used to be an astronautt?loll. Great now everybody basically noes about adtr 
my apartment complex doesn't want me to keep my grill in my garage. They claim it's a fire hazard. I really want to grill. 
My apologies for the very impersonal #FF. Swamped today  All great people and great follows though. You can't go wrong with those folks!
My app for twitter isnt working, so internet only tweets.  ...We live to fight another day.
My apple cider's gone 
my apple-mouse doesn't work on my shiny red coffee table... 
my apt is spotless n im twittering again. dang this shits like crack cocaine. I wanna fuck jason  im so angry
my arm hurts 
my arm hurts  do you care? no ok... :$
My arm hurts a lot and I can't sleep 
My arm hurts from using a mouse all day for 2 days straight. My mouth hurts cuz of the new bands on my braces. I wanna just go to sleep 
My arm hurts like a bitch 
my arm huuurts  i'm such a wimp!
My arm is aching 
my arm is bleeding! 
My arm is hurting... to much sun yesterday... 
My arm is itching like crazy! i swear i will bite both of my arms off! 
my arm is really burning now 
My arm is sore from bow-ing!  How can you be a merry man with a big bruise 
My arm is still hurting from that crappy injection! 
My arm is swollen like a cow  - http://tweet.sg
My arm just fell asleep as I was typing, I guess that's a sign to get off the net and put down the Berry 
My arm just went tingly suddenly so I am Googling stroke symptoms. Also, I got some free beer from my parents but it's just Rolling Rock. 
my arm reallyyyyyy hurts  i have big blue and yellow bruises all over it! looks really bad 
My arm still hurts from the needle.  Lyring bitch of a doctor, it does hurt! 
My armpit kinda hurts. 
My arms are full of brusies and my head is still spinning 
my arms are hurting so much!!! 
My arms are really sore from We Cheer! 
my arms are sore from swim practice. 
my arms feel like they're going to fall off. 
My arms feels not gud.. Cuz playin wii too much!! Sigh.. 
My arms hurt  when trying to move em its like the nerves are pinched . . . cant lift my arms  didnt even work em out or nothin&gt;&gt;&gt; weird
my arms hurt me 
My arms hurt! I hate hammer curls, bicep curls, cheese curls, press n curls, jheri curls, anything that curls... 
my arms hurt.  
My art and history coursework isn't going to do itself... 
My art homewurk rocks I don't wanna hand it in to sir  LOL
My ass hurtssss I been in this chair for like 3 hours 
My ass is all wet! 
My ass is magnetic 
My ass is numb 
My ass is so cold. 
My ass just fell asleep sittin in this chair for more than a hour. 
my assistant is only on day 1 of a 2 week holiday - i miss her already 
my asus is freezing. needs longer rest. 
My attempt at drawing a manatee. Everyone laughed at me  http://yfrog.com/5k7wbj
My attempt at egg-in-a-hole was FAIL.  Wish @percussivebunny were here to make me one. 
My attempt to avoid keyboards for the day culminated in learning to play Expert drums on Rock Band 2.  Sad news, I can't do Spoonman. 
my attempt to play imogen heap's &quot;hide and seek&quot; on the piano failed  im just not that of a pro :| moving on to dario marianelli's &quot;Dawn&quot;
my attempt to sync facebook and twitter seems to have failed 
my audio remote disappered since since...can't remember 
My aunt died yesterday, I�m sad today. 
my aunt has been in the hospital for like 2 or 3 days now 
my aunt just asked wat was going to be for lunch tomorow, i think im going to puke!!! 
my aunt passed away 
my aunt Suzy is leaving us! its so sad. I miss her already 
my aunts dog just had an accident on the floor..... 
My aunty got light strokes few days ago, my cousins just told me.. Ouw ouw.. I never go to her place anymore.. I feel bad 
my aunty met a chelsea footballer yesterday 
My Aussie co-pilot: &quot;Toto, we're not in Kansas anymore!&quot; (16KT headwind 
My avatar doesn't want to become green from one click and my comp. seems to be disagree with picnik.com... Bad luck 
My avatar picture is still missing though!! 
My avatar!!!!!  Where is it
my away shirt best come today. i want it 
My B Bear is not himself.  Nothing so sad as a puppy who's down-in-the-dumps...it's probably something he ate.
My babby got attacked  he's in pain http://twitpic.com/7i501
my babeee today alright!  i miss her so muuuch. 
My babes is going to have to work all day! 
my babies are finally asleep, i cant believe my little man is 2.... 
My babies ear ring made her ear so infected thank god I got it out I had to take needle nose to get it out 
My baby and I are not feeling well this morning 
My baby arrives on Monday alas  #fb
My baby bird died!        
my baby boo, love of my lfe, best friend evar is finally tweeting.  or twatting.    @victoriazombie
my baby boo, love of my life, best friend evar is finally tweeting. or twatting.  @victoriazombie
My baby boy is now a high school senior. Sr. pics were scheduled before the bell even rang today. 
my baby boy is wearing big boy underwear 
my baby boys finally fell asleep! now i get to relax for a few hours till one of them wakes me during the night! 
My baby Carmelo is sick  i hope he makes it thru the nite until i can get to a vet in the morning.
My baby cousins are growing up too fast 
My baby cuzzo got burned  hope he feels better!!
my baby doesn't love me anymore 
my baby doves had to hit the trash this morning   I think they might have dies when we got down close to freezing
My baby fell off her scooter and re-scraped her knee and hand after scraping them up really bad the other nite...poor kiddo 
My baby gets her shuts today 
my baby girl is snoozin on the couch  she's so hot 
my baby girl is very poorly.....   
My baby girl's last day at MDO, maybe ever. 
My baby go zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Now what do i do?  
My baby goes to surgery today 
My baby got hurt again. I'm so sorry 
my baby got love note on the last day of school. 
My baby graduates 5th grade tomorrow  i think he is catchin up to me in age!
my baby had allergies at the park so we're on the way to drop her w her biological  mom  no bike ridin at freedom park 2day...maybe 2mrow
My baby has a cold. 
My baby has a cold. No bueno 
My baby has gone off in a limo and evening suit to his prom. How? What? When? 
My baby has gone to see his family...I miss him and his adorable voice 
My baby has heart problems   http://twitpic.com/7r89e
My baby has hit 10,000 miles! It's no longer a new car 
my baby has not pooped in 3 days.  i have never wished for poop before, but i sure am now!
My baby has to leave soon....  Wish he would never go. Text it I guess 978 996 7280.
my baby is going to work 
My baby is leaving for his dad's in 2 days, and I'm feeling it. 
My baby is leaving me for a couple of hours 
My baby is mad at me 
my baby is sick and i dont know whats going on  i miss him and wish he was here 
My baby is sick today!!  Watching movies while she sleeps
my baby is sick!  I don't know what to do... doctor!!!!! help!
My baby just fell and split her lip.  Lots of Blood and Tears. Date Night delayed, but not cancelled. Yet!...
My baby just lost her 4th tooth but it's the first one on top!! I am going to cry! 
my baby just went home 
My baby leavin me again  on another note just had a GROUP flashback! Bout to go pull an all nighter at.........THE GYM BABY!!!!!!
my baby man is 4 years old a week today  he's growing up too fast.....
My baby needed a haircut so i took him and they put him n a cage!  my poor baby boy!
My baby nicholas just died     (my dog)
my baby pit got hurt. po bebe. 
My baby sleep already,hubby out to town, and me?? Nothin to do ( wht should I do now? Hikss  sleep? Owchh its to early 
My baby still at tha shop      ~~Twinn~~
My baby suffers from separaton anixtey  my poor littles
My baby toe on my right foot has turned into one ginormous blister.  
my baby went comatose but the doctors promised to fix him. he'll be back soon but he'll suffer from amnesia.  i won't be online 'till july
my baby will take care of me since i am sick today. i hope i get better soon. 
My baby(puppy) is sick     I feel like a distraught mother...lol... I'm holding her big as like a baby right now
my baby's been puking all day!!  i hope he gets better soon...
my baby's coughing in his sleep  was so bad yesterday, he threw up his dinner.
my baby's gone... i miss you, Zen 
My baby's heading to Mansfield Ohio today......  I get lonely when he goes away...good thing my friend Sabrina is moving here today!!!
My babys just left all alone    **RiCe &amp; BeAnS**
My baby's kicking. Ugh. 
My Baby's leavin on Tuesday for 6 weeks 
My baby's leaving on a jet plane. Dont know when i'll see her again... Oh ok i do. Next wednesday. Gonna miss her though 
My back already hurts from standing all day!    5 hours down, only 10 to go! Lol
my back and my hip hurt,no sit ups 
My back and neck are killing me. #spoonies  Hope it just means I shopped to much today and not a flare coming on. 
my back and or shoulder hurts from sitting on computa chair 
My back doesn't feel good at all  wishing I was in miami with my dad.
My back door sounds like screams 
My back hurst like hell.  I feel old.
My back hurt 
my back hurt od smh 
my back hurts  I had a great time with Chrissy today...she is so awesome
my back hurts  need to find my perfect chair
My back hurts  Sah-Raa
My back hurts !   I need a holiday !
my back hurts and i'm really sweaty.  not done yet 
my back hurts like crazy, im wishing there was an amazing massage therapist 
my back hurts like hell 
My back hurts like hell sleeping on the floor 
My back hurts so bad... I want to go lay on my couch and watch the oc again 
my back hurts so freaking bad! 
My back hurts SO much. 
my back hurts soo bad 
My back hurts sooo bad 
My back hurts! I'm so tired of waking up with a sore back!! Oh, and it's raining yeah! 
My back hurts!!!!!!! I really don't want to leave my bed. I guess I should go shower 
my back hurts.. i need a massage 
my back hurts...  nice weather tho!!
My back hurts...really bad   
my back hurts...think I pulled a muscle!! 
My back hurtss from workuing out 
My Back Hurtssssssssss Soooo Badddly Eeeeeekkk  Massage ??? -_-
my back is burnt  
My back is fucking killing me in pain. Alone at my aunts house, without the baby  Thinking how &quot;thesaurus&quot; sounds like a dinosaur.
my back is in bits 
My back is killin me...  layin on the couch watching Medium season finale. (I know. I'm a little late.)
My back is killing me 
My back is killing me and i dont even know what i did to cause it 
My back is killing me this morning... It is miserable...   
My back is killing me today! 
My back is killing me!!  
my back is killing me. 
my back is killing me. more then it was before. killing me. i repeat killing me  ouch!!! and I got a competition on sunday
My back is killing me. Stupid softball 
My back is KILLING me... 
My back is killing me...  It won't keep me from dropping it low...hope I got someone to pick it back up tho... LOL
My back is killing meeee  and ive got work soon, merrrhski`
my back is killing me-heavy furniture is not fun on tiny SF stairs.  at least our place looks AWESOME!
My back is not feeling any better @ all. I have never experienced such debilitating pain. And I was so looking forward to training 
My back is on fiyah! 
My back is so jacked...I think I need a new chair  or better posture.
my back is so sore   everytime i cough it gets worse. I need a hair cut Sunshine and happy pills.
my back is so sore its tingling 
my back is so sore, shouldn't have played the keyboard, damnit. 
My back is sore where Bf hit me today. *glare* I can't lay on it  
My back is starting up again  damnit! Don't start!! I need to work &amp; make money &amp; don't want 2 be in pain again! Stupid Death Day of Mom's
my back is tres sore 
My back still sucks today 
MY BACK! ouch....   How can one wrong move mess up you're whole day?
My back... it has failed 
my back/neck hurts baaaaaad  and tomorrow I get a needled poked in my neck... what a fun filled day
My background picture was deleted somehow   Attempting to get it back and it is not working.
my backk is killing meee  fml
My backpack is going to break me. 
My bad habit of reading a book's last page first just ruined a whole series for me.  
My bad I'm even more tired now 
My bad not a new house 
My bad,  @swaggloco, is my dinner buddy, i dislike this twitter apps now 
My bad, it was an isuzu rodeo  #stuntinfail
my bad... i didn't supply power to all the power pins... schematic looked fine, but in reality, pin 13 went 'nowhere'. 
My Ball Hockey career might officially be over  unless i take a bat to dustins knee....hmmm
My balls are empty and my bank account's full... oh, whoa is me 
my bangs are so wacky lately! i have to keep pinning them up 
My bangs piss me off 
My bank hates me  Apparently I wasn't in enough debt.
my bank just txt me an update... bummer cuz I was hopin it was someone else. 
My baq hurts 
My basil has got black fly. I'm trying it outside so maybe some natural predators will eat them. If not, I'll have to spray the plants 
my Basketball is done  
my batch of students that are leaving are seriously the best so far. i am honestly sad to see them go. 
my bathroom doesn't have a music system.... what do I do 
My bathroom is burrrrsting with waaaater!!!! 
My bathtub drain is fired: it haz 1 job 2 do, &amp; it iz FAIL. I got all Drano on its ass, &amp; iz STILL NOT DRAINING. I wanna shower, dangit!! 
My batteries in my mouse died again. 
my batteries won't charge 
My battery die...I'm back. Down 3 zip, Canoe hit a dinner. 3 to 1 bottom of 9th, Damon goes yard, 3-2. Then a double play to end the game 
My battery died and I don't have extra 
My battery is dying and the power's out  good night I guess.
My battery Is gonna croak and I domt have my charger with me 
My battery is on red and I may lose connection 
My battery only has one bar left 
My bb camera has to get fixed on Monday  FFFFFFFUUUUUU mom
my bb is shot shit just cut off then tried to cut on sayin relod software having did a backup in a while i kno ima need a new 1 FML 
My BBQ has been rained off 
my bday is june 20th and ll be 20 can sumbody buy me a black berry ?  it rhymes lol a BOLD would b nice :'-(
my b-day is over  
my bday party was ok but to much rubbish to clean 
My b-day party waz soo fun! I got soaking wet during the water balloon fight. Teh peoples ganged up on me... 
My b'day soon big 30 so crazy, super excited just wish someone els could do all the cleaning and organizing....  
my bday was yesturday and it suck so sad 
MY BDAY weekend starts NOW!!!! okay, i tend to be self-involved... 
My bear is not there. 
My beard is gone  Oh well, I have all summer to grow it back!
My bearded dragons are  fighting a lot lately, not cool! I think their both males &amp; their in heat. Might have 2get rid of one 
My beautician is no longer doing hair now I have to start all over 
My beautiful baby is 16 today ..... and has to sit her first GCSE 
My beautiful car is getting trashed from street parking  I wish people would learn how to drive.
My beautiful home town. On my way back to London  http://twitpic.com/875te
My bebe smells like a sponge 
My bed feels to good to get up 
my bed is calling my name...but i can no longer be with it 
my bed is calling. i'm fucking tired. but i don't wanna go to sleep now ;_; wanna stay with my angel :'((( she'll be away for this we 
My bed is empty  hes not here
my bed is pure unadulterated happy juice. too bad i have to get out for work soonish 
my bed is so neatly made i kinda feel guilty for laying on it and messing it up 
My bed is so war, so comfortable, &amp; I'm SO tired. I really want to curl back up &amp; sleep some more. But I caaaaaaaaaan't. Too much to do 
my bed is soaked from the rain 
My bed is too comfy. 
My bed isn't as comfy as ian's 
my bedroom's freezing when it's cold, and far too hot when it's warm. 
my bed's so empty  goodnight.
My beerpong partner is in cali 
my belly hurts 
My belly hurts &amp; i really can't sleep,I feel like its 10am or so  i wish the sun was out,or i wish i could fall asleep b4 it comes out :/
My belly hurts this morning 
my belly is full from chinese food and...I forgot the LEFTOVERS!!!! WHY?!  leftover chinese food is the best *sniff* *sniff* so stupid! 
My beloved Serotta suffered some minor damage. Spent the afternoon and evening &quot;repairing&quot; it. 
My Berry is dead, what to do know? 
MY BESSSTFRIEND LAST DAAAY!   dont leave!
My best friend Amy is coming round today to i've got to clean the house  and i've got to find my amp cable
My best friend and I have an email relationship now  never calls, never has time...
My 'best' friend bails on my birthday. w00t. 
my best friend from high school can't come to my wedding or be in my bridal party anymore 
my best friend graduated from high school today.  Im gonna miss her
My best friend has gone on holiday to America, and left me here at school sat on a bench.  
my best friend in the whole world has split from her fiance ... now i have to take the brunt of her frustrations  hope im strong enough!
My best friend is a meanie. 
My best friend is being unfair to me. 
my best friend is bullying me 
My best friend is dating the guy im in love with. He doesn't know i like him, she would die for me, so i dont want to break them up. 
My best friend is drifting away from me and I dont know what to do! 
My best friend is in csi  no buddy for spanish class -_-
My best friend is in vegas without me 
my best friend is leaving in 2 hours   ill miss u Meli/hippo! love u! xD
My best friend is moving away to chicago a month from today and i'm heart broken. He's here right now in my backyard with me 
My best friend is moving to montana.  
my best friend just went to sleep.  I'm sooooooo depressssed now.
My best friend left to go to Washington yesterday  missing her already
my best friend makes me look like crap. i need ugly  friends 
my best friend needs to come back from Iraq. 
my best friends bought something which i really want. 
My best wishes to all of those in the metro crash today 
my bestest friend eva is leaving the school next week...  
My bestfren's dad is passed away..  http://myloc.me/4ycY
my bestfriend is really mad at me  I hate it when she's mad at me
my bestfriend moves to florida today  i miss u clare
My bestfriend thinks I don't love her nomore 
my bestfriends on the other side of the united states &amp; ... I miss her 
my bestie is far away. i miss her  
my bestie leaves for a week today 
my bestie left me today for south carolina...sad day 
my bestie ran away from home 
My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http://twitpic.com/67hac - My besties. If only @ddlovato .. http://twitpic.com/67hac
My bestt friend @hellookiki leaves ths mroning to go half way around the world  japan.for ten long grueling days.  I need a hug.
my beta fucked up the formatting of my bbb before leaving the country. Now it's unbeta'd and fug 
My Betty Boop icon iz drowned by Green!!!! 
My bezzie stole the drawing coz she loves them even though I forgot to scan it to the computer 
my bf breaks up with me b4 gettin deployed for a month..now he wants me to send him pics and sxtin..  im feeling used! 
my bf hate me. i'm so sad 
My bf thinks I'm weird bc I watch youtube videos of puppies and laughing babies. 
my bf, he is workin   i hope to hear from him soon tho. Got my friend her b~day gift for monday.lolz...ice cream sounds good!!store again?
My bff has a broken heart on her birthday. Boys suck. 
my bff is muving this sucks   someone help me
my bff just left me at a bar i dont know 
my bff just left meh!  so sad
My BFF rocking Hotel California now. No @NKOTB songs!  done stay the same. What's next? Hmmm.. Careless whisper!
my bffl is bothering me and won't let me sleep in  lol gotta luv her though &lt;3
My bicycle crashed down on my way to school..  it makes me sad! @ 12:55 I have my last chance for my language test.. so pray for me!
My bicycle is out of commission and I don't know what to do with myself  So far, I've baked cupcakes, muffins, and a loaf of bread.
my big bro's graduating from college tomorrow! So hype! I wish I could be there though 
My big guy is so SICK  I hope he feels better soon!!
my big gyal wisdom teeth hurt 
My biggest fear is losing the ones I care about. 
My biggest nightmare come true... we're going to look at houses today. Bye bye city living. 
my biggest pet peeve is milk that is a few days from expiring and still tastes icky. 
my biggest wish is, that i meeet you. But i´m so sad, because i nerver meet you 
My Bike got stolen..I am Fed up with the security here 
My bike hurts my bum bum.. also I think i need to get a new coil for my forks, they don't budge.. 
My bike is in the shop for the next week and a half 
my bike pedal broke of when i was riding and now it herts 
my bike with kid seat was stolen from my garage last night  I forgot to lock it up. I am very sad that i can't go riding with my son now.
my biology test was a bad history 
my birthday is 1 month from today 
My birthday is almost over 
My birthday is coming to an end now.  I'm sad, aren't you? The awesomest day you've ever had is ending. 
My birthday is now over. 
My birthday is Saturday! Too bad I'm in Hawaii so I can't enjoy it with any of my friends 
my birthday today and i am expecting it to be rubbish cause each year one is  progressivley worse than the year before 
My birthday today. Family are being lovely. Sadly virus on PC means whole day sitting with IT. 3am start tomorrow, business trip Malta 
My birthday was the worst ever. I was called things I've never been called before and left alone at disneyland to cry. 
My Birthday weekend! cant find where my ex hid our DANE COOK TICKETS for tomorrow!!! WTF that's all i wanted for my birthday 
my blackberry crashed and i lost all my contacts!  message me your numbers!
my blackberry died 
my blackberry is being lame. no twitpics  I just finished lunch now off to see my lady Suzy.
My blackberry is down 
My BlackBerry is fucking up. It keeps auto deleting text messages and emails.  Everytime I pick it up, it's empty again ...
my blackberry is not liking twitter for some reason 
My blackberry is on the fritz. I can't update from my phone. 
My blackberry is probably gonna die soon  dunno where the heck my charger is.I know its in a box somewhere lol
my blackberry scrolly ball thing isn't letting me scroll up. well this sux. I have new messages, and I can't get to them. 
My blackberry was all messed up last night! Made me wish I could have an iphone with my verizon plan even more 
My blackberry wont turn on  I feel a little bit lost!
my blackberry's got low battery. 
my blind dog finally dies 
my blisters from wearing birkenstocks have turned swollen  *ouch* wear expensive slipper also can get blister -___-
my blisters!!!!!!!  got like 5 on both feet omgggg
My blog is playing silly burgers in Firefox and I'm not having fun 
My blog is slow 
My blog messed up because of a SEO plug in 
My blog*spot blog has been locked by Blogger. Request been sent but still locked...   how to unlocked?
My blogger posts are all gone gone and gone!!  Sadded4lyfe.
My blog's mysql is down.. 
my blogtv account got deactvated 
My blood sugar is exactly 100. Finger prick no fun 
My blows are weak 
My Blu-ray binge came no Wrester HMV eclusive 
my boat sunk in 15 seconds 
my body aches 
My body aches  I will fight the stupid cold or whatever is trying to get me lol
my body aches and i'm tired  painting finished, just wallpapering 2 do on the other wall now. that will have to wait now. Hate decorating
My body aches I feel like poo 
My body aches... Especially my lower back.. 
My body and I are fighting today 
My body does not want to wake up! Can I just sleep for a day? Sadly, no. 
My body doesn't feel good... Feels like I'm gonna get sick soon 
My body feels like I have been hit by a train!!!! 
my body feels soooooooo stiff this morning 
My body hurts 
My body hurts  hah
my body hurts  it was worth it
My body hurts all over... and not for a good reason  lol
my body hurts and my head hurts... 
My body hurts from sunburn plus falling off the ladder at the pool and going headfirst into the fence yesterday 
my body hurts me  hate being a girl
My body is aching after building a cabinet and clean up my room yesterday 
My body is aching... Today's schedule is quite packed. Sadly, I must postpone my writing.. 
My body is hurting and it's keeping mefrom sleeping 
My body is not delicious 
My body is officially at war with itself 
my body is playing up. please don't be sick. it's just not the time 
My body is revolting against me. 
my body is so fragile now... three hours of non-stop cardio  ouch!
My body is so sore 
my body is so sore  need a massage badly
My body is so sore. 
my body is so sore.. 
my body is sooo tired  no more beer during the week
My body is super sore!!!  :'( .... OH WELL
My body is way too used to going to sleep at 6am rather than waking up, especially on 3.5 hours of sleep. So why am I waking up? 
my body isz in PAiN.  everytime ii move it hurtsz.. the down side of today..
My body must automatically go into hangover mode on Saturdays. I didn't even go out last night and still feel awful 
my body needs to burp but I can't and I hurttttt 
My body's aching like eff. Especially both my thighs and arms  And I've to refrain from vulgarities now!!
My bodys used to so little sleep that when i do get a decent amount i feel as if im hungover 
My bones are cold 
My Boo 4Got About The MTV Awards And She is Screaaaaming Really Loud Just FYI  Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck ...
my boo lost on sundays best 
my boob is peeelling  arrr
My boobs have ballooned, and my hips have as well...  I don't know how this is so, I seem to be growing.  My waist is the same tho, wtf!! 
My bookshelf just broke and woke me up. Apparently I own too many books 
my boop it just broke 
My boss called me anerexic 
My boss is away to Silverstone this weekend and I am so jealous - wish I was there 
My boss just called and asked me to keep the shop open an extra hour...  What sucks is, my boss is my roommate and he's on twitter...
My boss just lost his iPhone and  his Javeline last night, but somehow I'm the one who feel guilty...sorry Boss 
My boss just picked up his 3GS....Drool. Want.. 
My boss just said we could leave after lunch. Why did I schedule an afternoon meeting today 
My boss makes me scared to live life. Listening to her stories. Get me a new job seriouslyy 
My boss sounds like he's dying   I woke up not feeling so well, I'm just praying I didn't catch what he has!
My boss took my position at the register. Now I have to limp around. Pooface. 
my boss totally just ruined my plans for longboarding and relaxing all day 
My Boston Red Sox are losing tonight... 
my bottle opener broke.  http://tinyurl.com/m3luxq
My bowling ball is named bobbi...i think thats why im losing  @stuntmann88
My boy cat has asthma and has been a very quiet little soul since his steroid injection 
My boy friend litterally just punched me in the vagina 
my boy is another year older! sad for me  because its now a 7 yr difference. well atleast he can drink legally! age is but a #
My Boy is leaving for the Summer, Going to stay with the Grandparents.. I'm gonna miss him!!   
My boy is sick. 
My boy lost 
My boy Shane is out on injury... 
My boy was sent home from preschool with Fifth Disease. 
My boyfriend aint called or txtd 2day ... Sad face  *LO(Im)VE
my boyfriend came hihi &lt;3 but only for a while cause he wanted to play soccer with his cousins 
My boyfriend cut his wonderful hair off 
My boyfriend doesn't care 
My boyfriend doesn't love me    I love you jose even though you don't care at all 
my boyfriend is going out of town for 2 days and believe it or not, i'm feeling lonely already. holyredhotchilipeppers. i need chocolate 
my boyfriend is too busyy all the time 
my boyfriend just left 
my boyfriend just texted me..because he wanted to break up. why? why did he have to do this to me? all my efforts for him are vain now 
my boyfriend split up with me 4 days ago 
my boyfriend thinks Twitter is ridiculous and that all the people who are pretending to be celebs arnt real 
my boyfriend updated his blog.. after 6 months of abandoning it! *cross finger* don't judge that picture of mine he uploaded though 
My boyfriend would rather play with a bunch of guys paintball than take his girlfriend to a Renissance Fair.. 
My boyfriend, owns... My best friends, own... My life, is pretty great... minus that research paper I still gotta write 
My boys is never staying at home again.Last time my internet modem went missing now the battery of the camera is missing 
my boys leave for hawaii tomorrow and whitney goes back to georgia on monday. ?ber boo  but more of a reason to travel
my BPI card got captured....  have no money na kasi.... BOO!!!
My bracelet that my friend made me that I've had on since Europe last summer just broke  Eff.
My braces are cutttting my mouth  I need my wires cut.
my braces brackets dropped out 
My braces hurt 
my braces like killing me,its really pain,i can't even eat poor me 
My brain doesn't work too well lately. 
My brain feels like it is going to explode...too much history 
my brain has officially turned to ash.. 
my brain hurts &amp; i forgot my ipod in the car.   i need a nap.
My brain hurts so bad right now. The universe is so weird. 
my brain is about to explode..... I need to figure out a good no up front cost fundraising event idea..... 
my brain is about to implode with everything thats going on inside it 
my brain is bulimic  
my brain is fucked up and i cant sleep and i want someone to hold me while i fidget and cry.   
My brain is having a fuzzy party and I wasn't invited  http://twitpic.com/7m7mr
my brain is still seriously on the verge of exploading 
my brain is still trying to figure out that my middle school life is over. 
My brain is throbbing with ideas, I want to do so much but time is against me....whenever I look at the clock....hours passed unnoticed. 
my brain kinda hurts from doing these science-y problems... 
My braincells aren't working anymore 
My brains getting a beatdown oww stupid headache 
My brand new phone is dead 
My Braxton Hicks Contractions are too painful these days 
My break is over  back to the inferno  [ I Love Her ]
My breakfast was boring in the end!  
My Bride &amp; Groom sadly will not get fresh Lily of the Valley...they are too far bloomed out...have to make due with silk....bummed! 
my bride-to -be friend is in Savannah and having me over for dinner! Yeah! I will miss my church-dinner-pals tongiht 
My bro @bobbyrayii enjoyin an ice cream cone like a lil kid! Its started drippin excessively so he had to eat fast  http://mypict.me/4IC5
My Bro @yungceo is so funny acting!! Urgh LOL I feel so unmoved he promised to always be here to support me!! Everybody left me alone! 
my bro is playing videogames, my mom is craft making, and here i am bord outa my mind with NOTHING 2 do.. nice 
my bro. gifted a webcam. don't know how to make it work  can anyone help  ??
My broadband is broken!  Spending a lot of time watching pages load on a dial up connection 
my bros bday party wuz soooo borin. 
my bros goin to work in portlaoise for 6 months movin 2day 
My bro's staying here this weekend  there goes my good mood...
My broser does not displey the only website I need to work on, Everything Demi..... 
My broski and his gf are breaking up 
my brother and his girlfriend are coming home next week. i haven't seen them since december.. oh i miss them both sooo much!  &lt;3
My brother doesn't love me 
My brother dont pay me no attention...i wish i was an iphone 
my brother dropped my soda in me 
my brother finally shot a bird.... i think his wing is broken!  i  feel like crying!      i feel so bad for the bird!
My brother got his update for his G1 and I ain't got shit 
My brother got out of surgery fine. He has a full arm cast!  Ill Twitpic a photo later, I'm too sleepy to do it now.
my brother has just gone into hospital for the first time to get four teeth ripped out  poor bugger!!!
My brother has the beginning stages of pneumonia. 
My brother hates me ugh  almost cried ESOTSM;
my brother hit the cat with his car and now Burger is suffering from a cracked hip. 
My brother is a bad influence...buying me more chocolate than needed...now tummy hurts 
My brother is at the local theater to see the RHPS movie and people acting it out on a stage. I wish I could go. I'm a huge Rocky fan 
my brother is at wimbledon watching the special matches today after flying in from new york this morning - i am very, very jealous 
My Brother Is Being An AssHole. Meanwhile I'm Going To Universal 
My brother is ditching me next week to go to his school's carnival. Who's going to go to the Sam Bradley concert with me? 
My brother is gone for a week now. On a bus to four hours away. Wooo. And I'm sick. 
My brother is graduating from H.S. today!! Yay!! ... This means I'm getting old.  Boo! 
My brother is here! I didn't even know he was coming! I'm so excited. Too bad my sissy isn't here too.  ... Enjoying dinner with fam!!!
my brother is irritating. and not just bc he takes &amp; wears my clothes without asking. i want to punch him violently for shit he does. 
my brother is leaving for indy today and i haven't even gotten to spend like twenty minutes with him. 
my brother is moving up the coast 
My brother is soooo cute! He's growing up fast 
my brother just left   ...cya in ike 4 months
My brother just sat on my sammich i sad  alyssas laughing&amp;crying.
My brother just used my phone to twit that i was a fag  - http://tweet.sg
My brother leaves for Afghanistan tomorrow. It will be a long year. 
my brother looked at me and said &quot;aiyoh why so bahbah&quot;  OHNO
My brother played his last baseball game of the season against our rivals today....we lost 
My brother said i was getting fat. But he didn't know i could hear it. That hurts 
my brother said I would never hear his voice again,I danced and then 30 seconds later he yelled at me. 
My brother said to most hurting things you could ever say to a girl, especially to me ... I'm now in a very depressed mood 
my brother still ignores me -.- i hate this  and i don't know why (((
my brother was rubbing it in my face that my 13 yr old brother is taller than me.  #peterfacinelli
My brother woke me up and now i'm mad. Rawr 
My brother wont stop throwing up   
my brother, and my psyco ex are hangin out...hope my bro will b ok 
My brother, sister and myself were talking about anime earlier and now I want to watch Trigun, Big-O and even Cowboy Bebop. 
My brother-in-law is in town, he's a federal prosecutor, and they use comic sans on the DOJ ID cards.  
my brotherrrr is walking around the house looking lost  he supposed with her right now. damn girl
My brothers are off to BGT show now. 
my brother's girlfriend is coming round which means i'm probably going to have to &quot;make an effort&quot; and get dressed 
My brothers going away for 2weeks today  I'm actually so so upset. Hmmmmm.
My brothers graduating!! Im so freakiin' sad 
my brother's graduation is today. I'm so saddddd 
My brother's last tweet has put me right off my dinner 
My brothers making fun of the fact that i snort when i laugh 
My brothers staying tonight.  Oh well
My browser isn't working! 
my browser says that YouTube is not here anymore for a little while 
My bruises are slowly going away- now my legs just look dirty 
My Bubbus has to work late          Babe get your sexy ass home now dammit!!!
My Bubby Girl Ava Louise has a cold and so do i though! 
My Bud Light keg is almost gone, wondering what to get next.  An empty kegerator is a sad kegerator. 
My buddy Elisha is gone 
My buddy is in town but i have to work  maybe I'll get sick
My budgie Aderwyn died last night   Think he was bitten by somethin during the day as he was fine when he was on my shoulder in the mornin
My Buds from Oregon are going back home today!! 
my building got h1n1...dim suen... 
My bulldog is sick and it makess me sad 
My Bulls lost  but I was out with the wife after 
My bum is a bit sore from this uncushioned chair 
my bum is burned from tanning today 
My buns are cold 
my burns hurt soo muchh 
My bus came really early 
My bus driver is a maniac! It's like a bloody white knuckle ride on here! 
my business teacher wants to arrange extra sessions to help me with revision grrrr 
my butt hurts from sitting 
My butt hurts like its going to explode 
My butt is numb  Wtf
My butt is soooooooo damn sore!!! It's so hard to sit down. 
My butt muscles still hurt 
my butt would be rated a 10/10 but i have a weird tanline. so i give myself an 8.5/10 
my cabeza hurts 
My cactus died. It's really quite depressing to think that I'm less nurturing than a desert 
My calves are killing me 
My camara broke and my vacation is only half over 
my camera died i'm so upset 
My camera has no more battery, shucks  I love it. LOL but I don't want to charge it.
my camera is broke 
my camera is missing after me just getting it back so unfair not happy 
my camera is on the fritz  I should buy a new one...
My camera only lets me take a video for about 3 minutes so I had to hurry with it  #YATrivia
my camera ran out of power 
My camera spoil 
my CANADIAN husband was able to write down all 50 states before I could. Utah was last for both of us but he remembered it before I did 
my candy ( @DTexans ) left for the day.      hope he has a fun weekend.
my candy tastes like table  guess thats why you dont play with your food lol but it looks better as a perfect cube &gt;_&lt; *mashes*
My Cankle hurts 
My cankle is sore.  
my can't go to columbia 2mrw... 
my caps lock is broken  it is on now. and uncaps :|
My car after my accident on Thursday... Scary as hell a truck pulled out right infront of me  http://tinyurl.com/kuglgl
My car battery is flat and i'm stuck here in the car park until the racv arrives. They said about an hour 
My car battery just died! Sitting in the Honda service center right now   Shit happens, unfortunately, I seem to be a magnet 4 bad stuff!
My car broke down and I am driving a rental car.  More money down the drain 
my car broke down in brooklyn   waiting for AAA to get here with a tow truck...
my car broke down on main street 
My car broke down.   Time to start looking at getting another.  If its not one thing its another.
my car 'died' on the side of the highway. today was epically shitty.  I want to smile.
my car Frank has died on me  frantic car hunt in progress
My car gave up on me 
My car gets uplifted today to go to the after-crash garage. I don't want to part with it 
My car has a dent in it.  My car was STATIONARY &amp; you left white paint on it! My neighbours need to go back to driving school *angry face*
my car has a pretty bad flat tire 
My car has an alarm &amp; immobiliser so it makes it incredibly complicated AND costly! I have no key code neither for the immobiliser. 
my car has been at the garage for over a week now, not having it is driving me nuts 
My car has been taken away to the garage. Wheel barings this time... This is bound to be another expensive affair 
My car hates me. 
My car is all wet now 
My car is back from the body shop, and it looks gorgeous! Now I'm paranoid about driving it...it might get hit again. 
My car is broken 
My car is broken  New car or new engine?
My car is dead 
My car is dead.  Hopefully just needs a new battery, but what a pain to figure out how to deal with ASAP.
my car is dead........ what am i to do  Poor bug
my car is falling apart 
My car is getting repaired. Replacing the two front wheel bearings at Canadian Tire. I miss my car  #ldn
My car is ghetto now 
My car is hawt, so is my. Not prepared for humidity, hair is braided, 
My car is home. Yay! $613.22 Boo!  I'm paying my mom in installments. I gave her $200 today. I so need to win the lottery. :\
My car is in the shop I'm sad 
My car is in the shop today 
My car is making a funny noise. I think it's sick too 
my car is poo poo 
My car is so boring, it doesn't transform or anything 
My car is still overheating.  #fb
My car is totaled, officially. If I lived in the east end I wouldn't even need another car.  What can I get for $3000? 
My car just died  #squarespace #trackle
My car key just snapped in half while turning it IN the ignition.  what to do?
My car learned another new trick. I will call this one....smoke from under the hood! 
My car over heated tonight. So now I don't have a car. 
My car retarded  they hid the battery *his bun bun*
My car sounds like a machine gun when it tries to start. Alas, it will not start 
my car stayed clean for 1 day! Damn sprinklers 
My car still isn't fixed  I just drove a camero tho...I think I'm n love!
My car still won't start 
My car wants repairs for more than half he's worth, so I have to get a new one 
My car was broken into.. 
my car went through a ocean of water on the road.. please be okay car  fucking thunderstorms &amp; flooding!!
My car won't start coz it's having battery problems so I had to cancel my plans with Cher.   I'm so sorry Cher!
My car ws stolen last night at the apache.  Sad smiley face cant describe the depression and anger im feeling. Insurance doesnt cover
My car, a police intercepter is not 
My car, Trusty, is dead. I'm too sad to write a haiku about it 
my caramel pudding failed 
My carpenter got a call...&quot;we have choosen someone else.  Thanks anyway.&quot; This is killing him. Hope he finds work soon. 
My case came open today and dropped my new iPhone on the pavement. Its beautiful white corner is scuffed. 
My cat and my dog have both died in my year away 
My cat as tar on his paws 
My cat died of kidney failure during my math test  This day needs to get better.
my cat died today!  im depressed, after 22 years of life and 14 w/ me since I borned. i'll never forget it! love youuu
my cat finished giving birth yall!! 1 was premature  was so sadd :'( She had 7 very healthy babies tho!! anyone wants a kitten loll holler
My cat gave me ringworm. ashjajsh. this fucking bitch, i'm going to kill her i swear.  i hate ringworm, i'm so miserableeee. (/whining)
My cat got hit by a car 
My cat had to be put down. Stupid neighbors ran him over with their truck. 
My cat has gone missing.  We're rather distraught about it. Prolly he'll show up just when we're resigned to him being gone for good. 
my cat has left home 
My cat is addicted to concentrate juice 
My cat is anorexic 
my cat is cleaning himself in front of me on MY bed. i got into a networking week for actors in hollywood but it's waaay too expensive 
My cat is cooper. I am sad 
MY CAT IS LOST!!!! :l    
my cat is missing !!! 
My cat is missing. 
my cat is not so sure about this kitten so far. hope he stops thinking the kitten is an enemy soon. 
my cat is outside 
my cat is poorly. 
my cat is really sick 
my cat just fell off my bed lmfao, bless her. she got a fright  xx
My cat just had a muscle spasm/fit... i feel so sorry for her!!! 
My cat just soaked me 
My cat just winked at me. I don't know how to wink, so i can't wink back 
My cat killed a bird today...he brought it in the house...he put it in my room 
My cat killed my macbook with a fresh glass of water.  computer no more aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!
My cat Popoki is sick. Took her to the vet Tues night, virus, not doing well, it's distressing. Anitbiotics. Going back to vet today. 
My cat pulled on the electrical plug until it was halfway out, then -- ZAP! Poor girl!  Now she's skittish and needs hugs and attention...
my cat shows disinterest when i tell him my vagina's bleeding  goodnight. - my cat shows disinterest when i ... http://bit.ly/VnF4v
My cat thinks I have a funny-looking face...  
My cats are freaking out 
My cats ashes have been returned to me today, they were in a hand carved wooden box with a name plate....still miss her 
My cat's injured. 
My cat's missing  Still, I just had a fish-finger sandwich, so it's not all bad.
My cat's paw is swollen loads and he's limping  I think he was stung by a bee or something, but anything could have happened tbh...
my cel phone just broke 
My celebrity boyfriend is engaged to not me 
my cell is dead!  may he rst in peace... i have to buy a new one 2day! :S can't live without my phone!
My cell phone camera is broken. 
my cell phone cannot receive twitter msgs 
My cell phone didn't charge at all last night, wtf 
My cell phone is possessed! It has been randomly calling people and connecting to the internet. Can’t wait to see that bill! 
my cell phone is used to text my girlfriends mum, more than my own personal use 
my cell phone might turn off cuz I can't afford $40 
My cell phone rang and woke me up! 
my cell phone was stolen today  i had to pay $399 for a new one. grrrrr
My celphone is crashed 
My chai is cold 
my chain came off again 
my chance with you are like balloons, i let it go and i regreted it 
My chapstick melted 
my charger is messing up  shucks!
My charger on my computer broke 
my charliedog is at the emergency vet today. may need his 3rd back surgery. 
My check engine light is on.  
my cheek bones hurt!! to be precise, my cranial &amp; viscceral nerves hurt  y? talking to 7mood, dreaming abt sum1, if only i had supapawas!
my cheek is swollen  my wisdom teeth are growing, and they are catching on my cheek, its painful!
my chest area hurts 
My chest hurts . . . 
My chest hurts. 
My Chest Is Hurting, I'm Going to Lie Down in My Bed. 
My chick has to take care of her daughter tonight. No loving for me 
My chick wont shut up  Will only stop chirping if i sit with the bloody thing.
my childhoodbuddy's dad passed away today. alfatihah. 
My Chilli Plants are dying 
My chin hurts I dunno what I did 
My chin is too big 
my chocolate is frozen 
My chocolate lab had a foot long wooden skewer removed from his stomach. Chicken still on it. Swallowed it whole. No more kabobs for us! 
My chocolate pudding didn't work out.. Is there something abt dairy that makes it thicken? My rice milk didn't do the trick! 
My chocolate shake fell all over my Dad's van. 
My city has a massive boring gray skin...I hope I can paint big chunks of it...last night attack was fine but I need my homie boy with me 
My ciwwaf shirt got a hole in it 
My client with ALS is going into hospice tonight for stabilization. 
my clock i bought on ebay turned up &amp; the pendulum is missin, arggh! Emailed seller, he's postin it out but still disapointed 
My clothes arent dry yet. 
my clutch is sad...the hills were hard on it 
my co host never made it 
My coccyx hurts!!!  Decided to give back in to the painkillers... Risking spending some productive time on the laptop...
my coco just got back from the vets and she's all groggy and weird   poor baby
My coffee creamer has 5g of carbs per tbsp. *grumble grumble*   Now I have to figure out a 0 carb. lunch 
my coffee cup has been returned! Too bad the coffee in our kitchen is bitter and bad tasting 
My coffee got cold blah! 
My coffee pot just broke there's glass everwhere 
My coffee this morning has been long since consumed 
My coffee toffee twisted frost exploded all over my car 
My cold bubble bath to ease my sunburn helped a ton...but now I'm wide awake! 
my cold came back. 
my cold makes a tim tam takes like shit  but ill it anyway =D
My collar bones are sooooo crooked...but no one else can see it but me  I wish they protruded more
My colleague(s) are watching some stupid TV show called Shree on Youtube. I can't help but hear it too. I hate my life. 
My Commodore shirt is getting washed out...i need a new one 
My comp at work is shot... Im upset 
my comp is being a bitch so i have to upload my youtube vid later 
My comp is so screwed up 
my comp wont let me log in to twitter 
My company is forcing us to take 2 weeks of vacation &amp; one week unpaid between now &amp; Sept 4th.  Sounds like layoffs may be ahead.  
My compassion to the people in italy! My mother is calling with our relatives in Italy right now  
my comps have been messin up sorry twitters wish i had a blackberry r sumthin 2 update from my fone but i dont 
My computer at home is broken 
My Computer battery is at 18% and no plugs in the upstairs #WordCamp ... 
my computer can't open any files from the university so I can't do any work! I don't get it 
my computer catistropicly crashed and attemps to revive it have proven unsucessfull.  fuck my life  and i have a big final due tomorrow.
my computer chair has officially died, i just made andrew chuck it into the dumpster. ugh dining chair hurts my bum 
my computer charger is dead, ugh. i need to get another one 
my computer crashed 
My computer didn't want to let me use Lightroom anymore  So I'm making icons now x)
My computer froze  i del like the person who is having a great time at the party but her party pooper dd wants to go home #ontd
My computer has a virus and that is not fun 
My computer has been unusable for 10 days 
my computer has gone mental. looks like no studio time for me today  ... time to kick some computer ass!! Muahaha
My computer has the Swine Flu.  purging now...
My computer hates me  In other news, I'm in an African themed hotel in the middle of Wyoming. You'd have to see it for yourself.
my computer hates me and won't let me upload a photo 
My computer is being killed by a combo of mirrors edge and really poor win7 thermal management...75c gpu = one sad game 
my computer is being super weird lately   like since last night
My computer is broken 
my computer is broken and i don't know when i'll have the money to fix it 
My computer is broken. 
my computer is currently down 
my computer is getting on my nerves..i feel lonely 
My computer is gonna be down till next week so minimal tweets from me unless I can sneak one in on someone's computer miss you all 
My computer is not working 
My computer is on its last legs. 
My computer is refusing to turn on!  x
My computer is royally fucked now. BIG and scary spyware desktop that refuses to let me do any. wahhhhh 
my computer is running superrr slow! 
my computer is stuffed up  and i can't fix it D:
My computer isnt turning on 
My computer isnt working 
my computer just beeped, went black and restarted on it's own. i hope it's not broken 
My computer just died on me 
My computer kept restarting by itself this morning. Hope it's not dying  .
my computer knows it's after 5pm...  it won't let me finish my work. it's tired. so am i. 
My computer makes me so sad 
my computer may have deleted my pictures...cuz when I open the folder...its effing blank!! But it's also thinking so I&quot;m still hopeful :S 
my computer really sucks  
My computer savings is goin down 
My computer sounds like a vacuum. I thought it was just Twitter sucking my life away, but nope, this thing might be dying.  
My computer sucks so I missed the whole of it 
My computer system broke down and all my files are gone  Especially those precious pictures!! Damn. Gotta start from scratch.
My computer wont connect to the internet  So , I am using my moms!
My computer won't let me online.   On laptop now but it's not the same.  And can't upload my pics or anything.  *cry*
My computer won't work! 
my computer's so slow!!  iphone might be faster than my computer! #Squarespace
my condo is FREEZING! i think they turned the heat off a little too soon 
My condolences to the families who lost their beloved at that flight 
My condolences to the passengers and crew of Air France 447, and their family and friends.  This is a very sad tragedy. 
My condolences to those who have lost loved ones in the DC train collision. 
my connection is playing up really badly this morning, I've had to re-boot 3 times 
My connections real bad . it takes 132414235149984 minutes to load up 
My contact lens are starting to bug me again. Ugh, talk about de ja vu. 
my contact lens have just passed to a better life  now i can´t read what i twit! lol
My contact rolled to the back of my eyes 
My contact scratched my eye  it hurts
My conturyTomorrow is.. Monday~ 
My Converse are sold out now at Journey's 
My cookies are burned, and i'm sad about it 
My cookies just floated away with all the rain... 
my cooper bunny is sick.  i am so worried.  
my copies of the Bourne films need replacing 
My copy of demon's soul has just come, but I have to stop myself from playing it and get this assignment done for monday 
My cords the ugliest color of them all 
my corner is busy today  miss my corner...
my correction fluid is not working, nyebelin 
my cottonpinkbaby1 is nowhere to be found on earth,how?! Someone send me GPS to track him! 
my couch won the battle... I hate coughing 
my cough has hurt me so bad today 
my cough is getting so bad 
My cousin Brian told me he would try to have me meet Parmore since he does Hayley's hair... But so far...no luck 
My cousin Caroline in the news today   : Mum paralysed in horror accident      http://bit.ly/1TWS5
my cousin is breaking up with her musician boyfriend  devo I love him
My cousin is coming round to sleep today. Oh joy..  I guess I better scratch the lye in!
my cousin is going back to india.. gonna miss her so much.. 
My cousin is going to America and it's NOT FAIR!! I know wayyy more pppl then she does..ugh..i wanna meeet all my twitter friends 
my cousin is gonna leave soon im gonna miss her. and i just found out that my sissy is going to north carolina on thurs.  @k_trina why? 
my cousin is leaving for Japan on monday. 
My cousin is on her way from LA - only her second flight ever. Poor thing is delayed because of the rain.  Not getting in until 2 a.m. 
my cousin just called, she's coming to visit for a week in august. it's been four years! i'd much rather go to ohio 
my cousin keeps complaining about puberty &amp; how he thinks he sounds like a girl. WHY ME? 
My cousin sister just shot me that I'm too realistic in the way of see peoples... 
My cousin sister wants to borrow my dearest blouse for her speech test at school.  argh.. let it be then.
My cousin tells me that, &quot;You don't have a life besides Internet!&quot;, I just don't know how far it's true. 
my cousin toby died last night  i dont think i can handle anymore dieing this year 
my cousin used with my twitter and he registered me at this get-twitter-followers site and now i got updates from people i dont even know 
my cousin wont let me use the computer 
My cousin( who is a struggling artist) just called for $. his paintings r not selling!  tryn to make extra money 2 send kids 2 college!
my cousin. my aunt. my other cousin. &amp;  my other cousin. there all gone.  im gonna miss them. they went back to germany. was crying. :'(
my cousins are going to the city &amp; didnt invite me 
my cousins are speaking DoTA speak. meh out of place again. 
My cousins just left for guam 
My cousins left  but now I'm off to a couple of grad parties :]
My cousins rabbit died!!! 
my cousin's wedding is this weekend, katie's engaged, linds has a boyfriend as of today.. i'm sick of being single  hahah wahh
my coworker complained that my music is too loud... time to put money down on expensive head phones 
my co-worker is quiting and I want to follow 
my coworker says I should throw my &quot;stuff&quot; away since I don't use it    why put more miles on it if I don't have to!! lol
My crackers are exploding! 
My crackers are stale and my tuna doesn't have enough dill  is this the kinda day I'm gonna have?
my craving for spaghetti with lobster is now overwhelming. 
My craving is not satisfied  this is day 3 of bad days 
my crazy mom tells me that people with type O blood should not eat carbs.....fuck i love carbs  ....chinese myth or fact??
My creativity has been sucked dry... 
my crush isn't online on msn  I hate it, he's the only one who makes me forget the messages guy. even though he doesn't know that he does
My cucumber has gone limp 
My cumulative GPA is still only a 3.97... 
My cunning new PHP script won't work on my website because the site uses PHP4 and I developed the script on my local webserver using PHP5 
my cup of tea has gone cold 
my cupcakes taste bad, but they look good!  I think we should buy a cake...
my cuppa tea got reduced to a third amidst my work 
My current shampoo is making my hair look and feel dreadful. So tangled and not shiny. 
My cute little kitty might die tonight. My stupid German Shepard attacked her. No blood, but possibly a broken rib or collapsed lung. 
my cute sephora compact broke 
My dad and brother are taking the piss out of my sunburn. It's not even funny. My face hurts so much, from it. 
My dad and I are unable to cook. We made dinner for my mom. I feel like my stomach is going to blow up from pain 
My dad and my stepmom are fighting all the time 
My dad asked me if I want braces ! 
My dad ate my dougnut 
my dad ate my lunch. because I was asleep. 
My dad bought a new air-cond for his room today. hey, when is he going to change mine 
my dad bought him &amp; his bro. when we were kids. Man! He's about 10 years old now. I hope the raccoons don't  snag him.  #flylady
my dad bought the no added sugars kind of cordial instead of the sugary one. it tastes like shit 
my dad came home early from work, so I'm not home alone anymore  going to study..
my dad caught the chucky...  poor little guy...
my dad cut off the internet and cable. over at a friends house, dont know how long it will be off. 
my dad delete all my software, so that he could install age of empires.  URGHHH..
My dad didn't even smile when I gave him my Father's Day card. And I worked really hard on that 
My dad didn't make breakfast.. 
my dad died this time 14 years ago. 
My dad doesnt want to get me an iTouch/iPod Nano. Can you feel how upset i'm now?!? 
my dad doesn't want to see me on fathers day for fear of me getting his other two kids sick 
My dad filled the tub with Pine Sol cause someone told him it would get rid of the clog of hair my sister started. Someone lied to him. 
My dad fixed my tire yesterday but this morning it was flat again :o so i have to walk back home again, without my music 
My dad forgot about my birthday 
My dad found a dead baby rabbit in the pool this morning 
My dad has come back to Japan, which means I have to go to his office to work  Yeah.....almost everyday. Shit.
my Dad has pneumonia so has gone in for IV antibiotics  should only be 2 days though, then he can have oral.
My dad hates me, omg he hates that I use his creditcard for my shopping sprees. My stomach is in a knot..  
my dad is a fucking retard omg i can sit and eat my dinner where ever i fucking want to 
my dad is after taking the guitar away. 
my dad is being very mean today 
my dad is in Arizona and I miss him so much.. won't see him until Christmas, that's just not right! 
my dad is in hospital due to gastric, waiting for follow-up from doctor 
My dad is on a flight to Ghana. We just sent him off. 
My dad is sick and in the hospital again.  A man in liver failure having to be admitted is not great news. Now we wait.
My dad is so nasty! he just said that he was in hospital cause he hurt himself  not funny     i was scared
My dad is taking down part of the ceiling, there's a leak of some kind 
My dad just ate my dinner wtf 
my dad just bought someone a blackberry curve! i wish i had a friend's dad like that 
my dad just called me &amp; we might be flying to caracas in the morning 
My dad just called me from LA...he's so lucky 
My dad just got an iPhone 3g and I'm missing my old iPhone 
My dad just ran out of gas in the middle of the mountains. Happy fathers day. Hahah 
My dad just really shouted at me, saying im spoilt. But how? I hardly get anything. I hav hardly no friends r anything. just 2 friends. 
my dad just told his parents that im going to be an engineer. i wanna be a police officer  ~Michael/Doomlight
My dad just told me that he wants to put me up for sale on craigslist 
My dad keeps saying he's gonna throw my dog over the fence when I leave 
my dad lied to me-he told me that he went to get my camera and they didnt have it ... and i called them just now and they did 
My dad lost my HighSchool diploma  good-bye free $$$.
My dad ordered it, therefore it is something boring like auto parts or computer-related nonsense. 
My dad put my ipod in the wash! now it doesnt work 
My dad said i cud get the phone, either iPhone or e71. I dont know which to choose 
My dad said I have to use the schoolbus already  oh well. Time for new things )
My dad saw his surprise family portrait we got for him for father's day.    Stupid facebook.
My dad texted my mom saing &quot;it's a full moon!&quot; My mom texts back asking &quot;oh are you keeping rj outside the house?&quot; Hahahhah 
My dad took my car away.   
my dad tried to make me breakfast in bed but i got up... how sweet of him.  but i am gonna stop eating these bacon bakes... too fatty 
my dad will be on a business trip on father's day 
My dad woke me up for school on a Saturday. 
my dad wont take me to california on monday to be @ddlovato 's music video for 'here we go again' 
my dad wont take me to california on monday to be in @ddlovato 's music video for 'here we go again' 
My Dad, who is my medic, keeps telling me I'm going to lose my arm some day &amp; I want hit him in his stupid face. Grrr! Also I can't sleep 
My daddy just order my MacBook. But he got the white one  I told him I didn't want that shit!
My daddys been gone for 8 years now n I still miss him.. R.I.P... We love u! **muah**   HFD
My dads car is dead :@ no food shopping spree 
my dad's going on a ghost hunt 2maro night...I just smashed my finger and it hurts really bad. 
My dads only attractive hot rod friend is here, nice suprize for me in my pjs with a plate of pizza 
My dad's Star Trek smells like a humidor on the inside. 
My dad's telling me to travel alone from now on. Not that I have a problem with that. I've done it before and it's boring! 
My dady is in the hospital and I miss him so much. 
my daily twit. . I don't wanna go to work tomorrow 
my damn filling just fell out!!!  Half of my tooth is GONE!
my damn laptop wont let me listen to it ! only heard the 1st 20 seconds ;; !  dont really like it ! i qot listen to some more to see
My damn phone is finally charging again..sooo mad i hve to go to work tomorrow 
my darling betsy is leaving today 
My darling just went for a movie with his bunch of friends. 
my darn i pod touch wont work, for the 5th time! its froze  &amp; its my second i pod touch,  = (
My daughter can make me go from happy to mad in 0.3 seconds when she does things she's not supposed to do 
My daughter got sent home sick from school today so even more I want be home NOW! ... but got a 5 hour journey first 
My daughter is going to Icthus music festivel without me  
My daughter is real sick...        i can't sleep cuz i'm so worried.... My poor baby.
My daughter isnt starting her day off right. Tried prom dress on &amp; it doesnt fit... Gained a little weight 
My daughter just found out I am going to auburn  she is a little upset she is not going 
My daughter pushing me down in the bounce house.  Photo http://bkite.com/07YLk
my daughter took a nap this afternoon. she's still up. this is why we banned naps 
My daughter wants 2 go on a date w daddy. Looks like I'll have 2 c Monsters vs Aliens again  wasn't really good, but coraline 2 dark
My daughter would rather be with my in laws than with me 
My daughters best friends boyfriend died suddenly last night    R.I.P  Tapperney
my daughters mad at me!! 
My day begins  and I just went to sleep at 4 am !
my day got worse, went for an eyetest and i need stronger glasses! dodgy tummy, burnt face &amp; bottle thick glasses - its over for coaster 
my day has been so crappy that i just want to cry. 
My day has been so lame. Thought it was my day off, it wasn't. I woke up at 3. 
My day is far from over ! Damn ! This sucks ! 
my day is going good so far but now I have to study the rest of the day 
my day is only half over.  sad.
My day just isn't complete until Firefox crashes... 
My day off and all I wanted to do is sleep in...but I can't sleep! 
My day off was nice but now its ova    2morrow is day 2 in my new mgmt position. Wish me luck!
my day off..and I can't even sleep in. My body officially has gone APE shit....Good Morning  bleh.
My day on the computer is about to end. Dang. I hate not being allowed on the computer. 
My day started off so nice! The sun was shining, it was warm, and now is cold, cloudy, and windy! What the F happened?  
my day started out so well... and went downhill so fast when I got home. 
my day to sleep in my and my landlady above me makes all this noise and my roommate next to my room is yelling at someone over the phone 
my day turned upside down 
My Day went from Giggly Goo to Pouty poopy face 
my day went from good to awful in minutes i just want to cry 
my day: revision, fun. work, fun. home alone this evening, more fun. 
My days are numbered now!  6 Days to go! 
My days as a rock star are running out 
My days have become endless reruns of the same events. Of to work again 
my days in AA are numbered 
my d-backs are losing  asu still tied 6-6 (after having a 6-0 lead)  &amp; still studying for my grammar midterm tomorrow 
My dear Phillip took his last ride today. Not gonna lie, I'm pretty upset. 
My Dee &amp; Ricky pin broke 
My Degree  [Tear] happy moment!  http://mypict.me/1ZpF
My dermals are achey  bed time, then up early for leons! Night twitterland!
My desk chair is broken     I am currently using a piano bench.  Ah, such is life
My desk lamp bulb burned out  Damn.
My desk looks like a mess.... too much paperwork to do... 
My desk: ThinkPad T400, Mac Mini, IBM ThinkCentre, IBM NetVista - and none work to my satisfaction 
My Destroy Twitter is playing up 
My device updates are not working. 
My digi-cam is not cooperating with me! 
My dimmer switch blew up yesterday. Now I have no lights in my room  FML http://tinyurl.com/n8uc3e
my dinner combo of coke and eggs was not only disgusting but now i'm up for good 
My dinners don't last long enough, grrr 
My direct deposit still hasn't processed. Idk if that's a good or bad thing. 
My Direct Deposit was apparently not set up and my paychecks are being sent 220 miles away to my parents' house 
my discount code doesnt make much difference...   if ur buying from Clandestine: code : TAYLOR 10% off
My dishwasher broke 
My dislocated toe has decided to redislocate itself so now its reverse dislocated . And it hurts . 
My display picture never works! What is wrong with it!!! I just changed it and its still doesnt work! 
My doctor is leaving on June 30th... 
My Documents wont open up! 
my does it have to rain ? so bored 
my dog belle just got hit by a car  it broke its back leg, were taking it to a vet. i wish i could be there. it'll live i think
my dog chewed up my corsage...boo  http://tinyurl.com/ozhmc3
my dog died today 
My dog died today. We had her for 11 years. I miss her so much.  
My dog got way too skinny  Bought her some Biljack and upgraded her bowl, she's eating all the food so I hope she gains some weight back!
My dog has a limp! 
my dog has cancer 
My dog has canine epilepsy 
My dog has killed five baby rabbits today....makes me haz a sad 
my dog has lyme disease 
my dog is at the moment in an animal hospital.she needs a op because she is bleeding inside 
my dog is cranky  shes growling at me cause i bothered her when she was sleeping. dummy
my dog is in the hospital! I hope she survives the surgery.   
My dog is lactose intolerant. Auntie @Klutzie made her veggie tacos and put sour cream n cheese on top. She has a stinky booty now 
My dog is paralyzed...back half.  Herniated disk.
my dog is real smart. she just does the opposite to piss me off 
my dog is shedding hair like mad... just felt one while sipping water.. yech  when is it gonna rain?? (whine whine whine)
My dog is sick. 
My dog is super sick...  pray for her
my dog is yelping I go and check on her and bees are all around her! i bring her in and she's shaking of fear no stings. poor lily 
my dog jumped up on the couch to cuddle with me. &amp; then he farted.  GROSS. texting alyssa&amp; brenden &amp; answering work emails. &amp; watching tv.
My dog just bit me  http://twitpic.com/7iwnj
my dog just died 
My dog just had a seizure. 
my dog just hit himself in the eye with a ball, he's all squinty  poor lil' guy
My dog just peed on my leg in line at the microchip clinic. 
My dog just threw up  aw pooor baby
my dog keeps crying and scratching and biting herself and it's breaking my heart. 
My dog knows I am going out and is staring at me  in the hope am taking her as well...I'm not  sad doggy
My dog of 13 years passed away last night. R.I.P. 
my dog poppy is poorly  i hate seeing my pets ill, so sad!
My dog putih got a tumor and she just done the operation 
my dog ran away!  im so sad and lonely!
My dog Roscoe died yestarday and I'm so sad 
My dog skip: one of the saddest movies. Even I was in tears! 
My dog was eating my hair.. I thought she was being weird so I left &amp;noticed syrup from my French toast in my hair 
my dog was sitting next to me so cute,i went to get my fone so i could take a picture but as soon as came back and sat down he ran away 
My dog, Walter, suffers from separation anxiety. Anyone know how to deal with this? He whines when I'm not there. The neighbors hate me. 
My doggies are still missing   Hope there's no chupacabra loose in Concord. Them racoons are mean enough already.
My doggies have eaten the thyme plant I had grown 
my doggies missing 
my doggy died  
my doggy has to go in kennels for 2 weeks  im gunna miss her and the other 2
My doggy is hurt  it'll be ok though! xoxo
my doggy ran away... hoping she will find her way home!   
My doggy was put to sleep 
my dogs are standing guard over Babes and won't let the other cats near him ... they're keeping a close eye on me too ... time to T&amp;P 
My dog's got arthritis, knots in her muscles and a broken back.  Poor thing's like Eeyore, so depressed.
My dogs not ok 
My 'donut fish' sandwich has been discontinued. 
My door handle just fell off 
my door opened and I thought it was puppy. suckks I was going to give him my ends of my sandwich. gosh I miss you puppy 
my dorayaki is in the toaster oven. i don't know how to get it without mama noticing cause she's at the kitchen and in a bad mood 
my dos is dead...i miss you zeta!!! 
my download software is more and more slow 
My downstairs neighbour Billy just been shouting for help, went down to see whats happened and his wife Joyce has died in her sleep. 
My Dragonair just lost to a wild Graveler 
my drawing professor passed away out of the blue. 
my dream last night was brilliant! if only it was real 
My dreams are getting weird. I don't wanna sleep anymore 
MY dreams have been crashed tonight..... Good night everybody 
my dreams have just been shattered. tai wu is closed due to water problems 
My dreams never come true....the only one who can help me will never help me 
my dress hasnt arrived! my new pot eyeliner hasnt arrived either! im broke and i DONT WANA GO WORK  arghhheverything is not good atm 
My dress smells like the beach. I want to be there so bad 
My dress, however, likes lattes AND jelly doughnuts. 
my drink didn't get made right at starbucks  #fb
My drink is sat on the desk aaaaaall the way on the other side of my room.  Thought i'd tweet about it. Addicted much? /dehydration
my driving instructors left... my driving wasnt that bad? 
my driving starts at EIGHT A.M. 
my drums just collapsed. all my guitars have broken strings, basses included and my piano isn't making noises! 
My drunk neighbors are sooo loud with this music...Im pretty sure I know every Gucci Mane song now...GUCCI! Lol! Got Work in a few hours 
My dryer has died so I get the &quot;joy&quot; of spending the evening at the laundrymat 
My ds is dead cause i was leveling up way to much 
My DSL is srsly acting up today, and I haven't a clue as to why. I have to keep disconnecting and reconnecting.  Boo on that shizzz.
My dtr is graduating high school today, moving out on her own this fall 
my dumb sinuses have been bothering me all day 
my dumb tomatoes aren't growing! 
My dumbasss brother fckin got caught up textin some bitch, now my phone got cut offf 
My DVD got scratched so I had to take off mean girls! 
my DVD Player can't read SVCD disc 
My dvd player is on the outs. Sucks not being able to watch anything on it. 
My dvd player isn't working properly so no movie. 
My DVR didn't record the last episode of Deadliest Catch.  Now I have to wait until Tuesday to watch it.
my dvr filled up before the lost ended...god damn it 
my DVR is driving me crazy 
My DVR is empty... 
my dwight lost again... 
My Dyson just gave up the ghost and now my living room smells of electrical burning. Yet another expense 
my E3 spreadsheet got so huge it became self-aware and enslaved me 
My e71 tells you in how many hours the alarm will go when you set it... Yesterday I set it and it said 3 hours and 59 minutes 
my eagles lost  now I have to go to rehearsal  bah lol
My ear hurts  I hope it doesn't get infected or anything!
My ear hurts along with my mouth now. 
My ear hurts doctor later 
my ear hurts really really bad right now. 
My ear hurts. . Umm...Yaaa....I guess Jaime is going to make a porn video with Tony? :i. Whore. 
My ear hurts...i think something happened to my plug but idk what it cld possibly be 
My ear is bad. It's like I can only hear myself. 
my ear is bleeding 
My ear is in so much pain right now   
My ear kinda hurts. 
my ear piercing is bleeding 
My earphones have just fallen apart 
My ears 
My ears ache today 
My ears and throat hurt...I think I'll go get some Zycam before it gets worse.    #FB
my ears are getting worse 
my ears are hurting 
My ears are hurting after working 8 hours in a club. Hope I am not deaf by 30 
my ears are on fire  at least they are hopefully getting better! ugh
My ears are pure burnt to the crisp after Alton Towers, as is my face 
my ears are ringing  im so tired but i dont wanna sleep. tonight was fun had a good time 
My ears are ringing. . . 'WHAT!!?!' .. my puppies are aching too.  totally worth it.
My ears are too small for my ipod earphones! They hurt!! 
my ears bleeding again 
my ears hurt.  and my throat still hurts like a bitch. woe. should eat something soon...
my ears hurts 
My ears infected I think.... 
My ears just popped 
My ears need a rest 
My ears went from an 8 to a 14 gauge! And I lost the $20 earrings. 
My earth has been awaken by volatile organic compounds and sulfur dioxide among other pollutants 
My Easter bunny toy has gone! Last seen in my mums hands... She was pushing some white stuff back in to it! Toy not seen since 
My eefing charger is missing! AGAIN! I don't feel like going to school!   Storm please don't go away!
my effin head still hurts...i need some1 to take care of me 
My effin speakers aren't working and I don't know why!!!! 
my 'effing pepsi is gone  how depressing.
My elbow hurts  is it really loasibleto exercise to hard? Or it it carpel tunnel @kelseystaar www.caseystaar.com
my elbow just craked. &amp; im really boreddddd 
my elbow really hurts, whacked it off @lydiarobbins desk last night 
My elbows hurt really bad 
my elbows hurt.. and will probably hurt for the next couple of days   that's what you get for leaning on them on carpet floor too long..
my electric toothbrush has been tamperd with i have to go back to using manual 
My elephants don't smell like me anymore 
My email client flooded with mails work+personal  42
My email in-box has been empty for two days. I think my friends have all deserted me. 
My email system was hacked and lots of my contacts have received email from an Indian web community 
My emotions are so messed up right now. I'm going to die. Packing to leave Aus is the most bittersweet thing I've done in my entire life. 
My empty room makes me sad  it means this year is really ending, but summer ball tonight!!
my empty stomach asking me to have a meal . omaigad since morning i don't eat anything 
My energy level has experienced a dramatic decrease in the last week or so.  I'm so grateful I can work from home and nap if I need to.
My energy level is kaput...still an hour and a half to go. 
my engagement ring just exploded 
My engine light just turned on. What?! Last thing i need, seriously. 
my english exam . ugh. 25th august. i've a feeling the dysonator might be killing me 
my english paper I sucks! my essay was a complete disaster, and my part II.. i didn't even finish.  on the other hand, english II was  ...
my english teacher is right!  
My entire body is achy.  Monday night I go to the Fibromyalgia Dr.
MY ENTIRE EXCEL PROJECT THAT I HAVE BEEN WORKING ON THE WHOLE DAY IS GONE BECAUSE I FORGOT TO SAVE AND CANCELED THE WHOLE THING 
My epic journey for capsule was a fail, damn you iTunes 
my ESC-key is broken  WHAT A HATER!
My espresso machine just stopped working. I knew I shouldn't have been looking at the catalogue of new ones while using it. 
my estranged gf just punched me in the testicular region and now my left ball is sore 
My etsy is not doing so well  so I'm Taking the kids swimming,  Check Out  my new listings http://bit.ly/q7OuH
My everything hurts. 
My everything still hurts  I need to fall asleep already
My ex Girlfriend loves to make my head wonder off to Lululand. Wtf??? Women, eh? 
My ex had sex with a lapdancer... I am currently feeling elephantine and grotesque... 
My ex wrote me about my box. Got a kinda apology too. Every time I see his name I feel like I want to die 
my exam was very difficult, I think I failed... so bad  | beutiful day, it's raining here! tomorrow, nothing special!
my exam went,well... cant really say!only thing Im sure of is:I wont get the top mark  but between pass n fail all could happen! :S lol
My ex-boyfriend fucks 17 year-old boys that look like pre-op trannies 
My excitement at having so many followers has been lessened when 3 of them have been suspended from Twitter... 
My excitement over my Flip video camera was short lived as the editing software keeps giving me errors. No word from customer support 
My exhaust is about to fall of my car 
My expectations are too high, always. 
My extensions faded.  Ewwwwwwwww.
My extensor tendons for both my arms hurt. 
my eye ball hurts and burns and feels like someone's poking it. 
My eye feels like a giant bruise 
My eye hurts 
my eye hurts  too much pc?
my eye hurts really bad 
my eye hurts so im wearin shades, i swear its not because of my hangover. it stings 
my eye hurts this morning. It's monday and I'm behind already  @mspillman 2 for the whine box right there
My eye hurts. At an optometrist now 
My eye is BURNING!  so, I love 'Don't Speak' by JB. Love it! Volleyball in the morning... XP
My eye is charmed in a split second, but to take a photo I like I must stand in the rain for 5 mins  http://twitpic.com/6qxop
my eye is so itchy 
My eye is starting to puff and swell again, can barely keep it open  Oh well, at least I am not alone! Me &amp; @cbnqtony started a club! &lt;3
My eye keeps twitching and it's annoying 
my eye keeps twitching, lack of sleep 
my eye really hurts, i cant see out of it very well 
My eye really hurts.  
My eye started hurting this morn, hope I didn't scratch my retina or something 
My eye still hurts...  
my eye twitching. 
My eye worries me 
my eyeball hurts  it feels sore
My eyebrows are out of control  anyone want to babysit for 15 min so I can get them done? SIGH
my eyeglasses are broken 
My eyelids are only recovering from the rainbow staining... Do you think it's too soon to throw bright colours at them again? 
My eyelids are so heavy! But I kno soon as I fall asleep my allgeries will start and ill be coughing. All I need is a good nite sleep 
my eyes are aching for some reason... since a few hours.... washing, napping, blinking fast doesnt seem to help.... 
my eyes are always so heavy im gettings bags. eye bags. 
my eyes are burning and my car is still in the shop.  not much got done today.    I am such a loser sometimes.
my eyes are burning. 
my eyes are closing 
MY EYES ARE GOING TO FALL OUT!!  Sooo itchy  I'm going to kill allergies one day.  Kill them. &gt;
My eyes are hurting and burn 
my eyes are hurting so much 
My eyes are in pain. 
My eyes are itchy!!! 
my eyes are really itchy again! 
my eyes are slowly getting heavier and heavier hahaha...have to wake up @930.am  badtimeess
My eyes are so sleepy 
My eyes are soo itchy! For no reason! 
my eyes are soo tired. and red. . . i feel pooped.  ..
my eyes are streaming!! i HATE hayfever  it's so bad even my tablets aren't working!
My eyes are stuck together...... stupid mornings!  
My eyes are super blurry today,and yes I have my glasses on.It's very annoying.Also annoying is that I overslept,wanted to be up at 8:30 
my eyes are swelled again... 
my eyes are swelling much lately. 
My eyes are swollen this morning. 
My eyes are way too tired. I shouldn't have opted to finish my book last night instead of sleeping. 
my eyes burn 
my eyes dont even wanna open this early  
My eyes don't wanna stay open 
my eyes feel droopy. heeey, was droopy ever diagnosed with depression? poor dog. 
my eyes feel so heavy &amp; i feel like i can see my eyebrows. that's just messed up. i look a state today 
My eyes have been hurting ridiculously for the past few days and I hate it. What have I done wrong to deserve this?! 
My eyes have gone all puffy due to the lack of sleep, not a good look  poor ricky hatton too
my eyes hurt  can i make it til 1:30??
my eyes hurt  hayfever sucks.
my eyes hurt  too much looking at a computer screen
my eyes hurt painfully trying to find my name on the bachelor album 
My eyes hurt so bad  zzz
My eyes hurt, 
my eyes hurt. so bad. 
My eyes hurt... 
my eyes legs and head hurt i really can't wait for the term holidays!!!!!!!!! 
My eyes r so sore  I wanna cry! Pink eye sucks.
my eyes really hurt 
my eyes so sleepy but today has noon. must wake up! 
my eyes watering  it wont stop!!
My face and scalp are sun burnt and it hurts when I shower  boohoo. At least it's sunny sometimes in SF!
My face burns with the fire of Allah!! @RizBizz Make it better 
My face feels like it is going to explode - stupid sinus crap. 
My face feels like It's going to explode. Wisdom teeth may be gone but pain is sticking with me 
My face feels sunburned 
my face friend Ryan go to heaven ..may 31st.    http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/profile.php?id=541753419
My face got sunburned yesterday, Chris keeps making fun of my red nose 
My face has been burnt to a crisp! 
My face has burried in yhe 2nd book of the Twilight saga... I was balling my eyes out yesterday... And today. 
my face hurrrrrts. 
my face hurt soo bad from the hail and we drew 1 all 
my face hurts 
My face hurts and my car has a flat tyre  will twit pic ne changing it latez lol
my face hurts from tanning for too long 
My face hurts.  - http://tweet.sg
My face hurts. It looks like I was attacked. 
My face is breakin out for no reason!!!! Help 
my face is breaking out, though.  i had a dream i had that resurfacing and my skin was glowing--so not my reality right now 
my face is fried 
My face is killin me! 
my face is numb and now I feel sick 
my face is peeling 
My face is peeling. I really need some lotion  *ashley michelle*
My face is still peeling from my beach visit 2 weeks ago. 
My face is still unrecognizable. 
My face is throabing! 
My face!my face  need help..
My face.. is done to the fullest. Still mad at mark for bustin my door and hit my face 
my facebook got hacked and started sending viruses to all my friends so dont open weird links from me 
my facebook is still down 
My facee got burnt 
my face's peeling!  looks way grotty. grrrr!! happppy mood tho 
My faithful and trusty laptop in vegetable state. 
My fake plant died because I didn’t pretend to water it… 
my fake plant fell off my desk and smashed into itty bitty pieces.. 2 plants fell to their death in one day 
My family and I are fighting off the flu and so we may not be able to meet them tomorrow 
My family and me are going out to a movie during the MTV movie awards!   i have to record it. Argg.
My family are never happy with my grades.. I am average.. I get a B. I have interests in technology.. Not science and Maths.. 
my family came in town Wed &amp; left yesterday... I'm sad 
My family hates me..... 
My family is a bunch of hicks 
my family is having a wonderful time enjoying Italian food and I am home with killer heartburn.  What did I do to deserve such pain!!!!!! 
my family is here , they're so loud  | california here we come 
My family is on their way to take my brother to The airport. He's going to Cabo. So sad I'm not going 
My family is so fucked up. 
my family went out and left me at home to clean...and called me Cinderella 
my family/life is falling apart 
My family's dog died 
MY FAST REMAINS UN BROKEN 
My fat ass would get ketchup on my white dress 
My fate is sealed - no going back now 
My father had 2 jobs. Contract just ended on one. May end on the other at end of June. 
My father is hospitalized. 
My Father's Day is the first one without my father.  He died on 10/4/08.  
my fatty is way taller than me. 
My fav purple pen just ran out of ink 
My fave 3am hobby: trying on legwarmers, cute panties and outfits in front of full-length mirror. But sorely lacking all items right now 
my fave beaded braclet just broke sob   not happy!!
My favorite armchair just broke.  The bird was decidedly bad luck 
My favorite baby girl name is Berkley and hubs DOES NOT like it.    I get mixed reactions of others like it.
My favorite breakfast spot Blue Plate Brunchery has closed down!  It's now a U.S. Egg...sucks 
my favorite cart dude was no where to be found 
My favorite color is purple, and I have two shirts that reflect that. 
my favorite curling iron broke 
my favorite nail broke as i took all my shit out from the checking bags place 
My favorite one picture is gone...I am sooo sad 
my favorite pants now have a small hole in them thanks to marshalls 
my favorite person leaves tonight  we argued a lot about stupid things this time but last night made me remember why I love him
My favorite shelter ferret, Scout, got adopted. (Scout's pic is my Twitter pic.) I'm happy for him, but I wish I was his new mom.  
My favorite store is closing it's doors...I'm very sad 
my favorites, k and kendra are @starscape and I'm stuck working tonight 
My favourite author is in the AppStore, but after looking at the price, I'm not buying anything.  http://twitpic.com/6ur3d
My favourite belt is broken 
My favourite Kebab place is out of Sish 
My favourite part of using Windows...it's like I won some sad version of Solitaire  http://twitpic.com/4gthx
my favourite patient died today, what a downer 
my favourite snack is Junior Mints, I eat them all the time, but I eat to many and then get sick the next day, when will I learn  haha
My favourite tennis player (after Tammy) is out of Roland Garros  Elena why? Only Ivanovic and Monaco of the Yonex staff players remain
My fawking back hurts. 
my FB has been very slow 
my fckin 300 dollar camera is fck'd so bad 
My fear of needles really gets in the way of my heroin addiction 
my feeet hurt 
My feelings are a little hurt  .. But it's o.k.. The next game is a home game.. They gon be on our court.. We got this!!!
my feelings are hurt 
My feelings are hurt  I miss my true friends in Ohio.
my feet = dull achy but excruciating pain.     next shift starts in 02:00 hours.....waaahhhhh
My feet and legs are all wet from the rain 
my feet are aching right now. 
my feet are aching!  how can i make them not ache?
My feet are bloody freezing. Should have worn socks this morning 
MY FEET ARE COLD. AND WET. 
my feet are cooooold. 
my feet are cramping 
my feet are dyed black and cover in blisters. 
My feet are falling apart. 
My feet are getting swollen by the minute 
my feet are in so much pain 
my feet are killing me from walking to the fair &amp; back 
My feet are killing me!  4 more hours! 4 more hours! XP
my feet are killing! expensive but shit shoes!!!!! ughhhhhhhh 
my feet are ouchy 
My feet are so cold right now 
My feet are so cold theyre purple 
my feet are so dry. like i imagine the skin of the moon would be. and i miss m 
My feet are soaked...walkin around tryna find a new apartment...I loved 1808 and my big ASS room ugghhh...anywho gotta move 
My feet are sore from them damn heels 
my feet are still sore  panto auditions tonight xxx
my feet are still sore from ice skating 
My feet are still wrecked from a casual stroll for 6 miles through lovely Pirbright countryside over the weekend. I AM WEAK! *sigh* 
My feet are swollen. They are so huge and ugly 
my feet are throbbing 
my feet aree coldddddddddddddddd 
My feet don't touch the floor in the new bus seats 
my feet hurt 
my feet hurt  got my fluffy pink slippers on now XD
my feet hurt  i think i need to buy some new ones  lol
My feet hurt  Walking around pushing a 300,000 lb. Basket is hard!! Ugh 
my feet hurt after 5 hrs of standing. ya Allah !    it was ok.. alhamdulillah..
My feet hurt and i want a hug 
my feet hurt from work  i might work on that paper just so @JordanFDe wont scold me.
my feet hurt like crazy... and i'm seriously exhausted... 
my feet hurt like ive never known them to. They will be punishing me for days... 
My feet hurt sooo bad. I guess thats what happens when you wear chucks on a 12-hr work night. 
my feet hurt!!!!  . .  
my feet hurt!!!!!!  
My feet hurt, still didn't see anything I wanted  Oh well ~x
My feet hurt. I don't think I walk to stand too much.  What is wrong with me.
my feet hurt... can't even walk anymore 
My feet hurts. 
My feet really, really hurt  Tomorrow may well be a stay-in-and-be-domestic day. Doing dishes, laundry, and maybe even - HORROR - TIDYING.
My feet will have their revenge on these beastie heels [but they're so damn hot   ] http://bit.ly/14qxqv
My feets and ankles are swollen.  it feels like I'm walking around on sausages. *drinks flavored water and puts feets up*
My feets and hands are THAT cold... I'TS SUMMMER!!! They have to be warm 
My feets, my legs and my toe hurt! And i gotta walk home! 
my fender is broken  i am quite devastated
my fiance is trying to krazy glue the toilet base back together... 
my fiance thinks im obsessed  because i have read each book in the twilight saga 6 times now;) what does he know!!!
My field trio to Lake Elmo is gonna suck tomorrow, it's supposed to rain! Not awesome. 
My file is not finished  I hope it will be tomorrow. I'm going to bed now. Night Twitterland. @CommeElles MERRRRDEEEEE !!! Do what u can.
my final day of diving.. 
my final projects/research paper have shown up on my face... in stress pimple form. ewwwww. 
My final was hard. 
my finger bleed all over eveyrthing  friday nite was intresting/wierd/ a blur !
My finger fucking hurts. The BNP can fuck off too. Arrrrrrggggggggh 
my finger has boo-boo... 
my finger hurts 
My finger hurts. 
my finger hurts....    
my finger is hurting 
My finger is now randomly spliced open? Owie 
my finger is so swollen it looks like a sausage... 
my finger is swollen from football yesterday. 
my finger really really hurts 
my finger still hurt 
My fingers are all raw and torn up from the boxes.   This sucks.
My fingers are cold 
My fingers are dented peeling and hurt an awful lot. The sad part is that i don't think i'm improving at all. 
My fingers are killing from the guitar!  painful times!!
My fingers are killing me, and it still sounds like crap whenever I try to play. 
my fingers are like PRUNES. waaaaa  i hate that feel, when they feel powdery and weird. ughh.
my fingers are sooo cold 
My fingers are too fat for my phone 
my fingers hurt. 
my fingers r really num.. 
my firefly friend died. 
My firefox crashed 
my firefox is typing right to left... how to i fix this?! 
my first attempt at eating solids was a huge painful failure. even taking vitamins hurts 
my first bday without my grandpa 
My first day at work, and its associated 4.40am alarm call, beckons 
My first day back at work after Easter break and it's a lovely sunny day. I was prepared for this but it still pains me 
my first day in school is so tiring! 
My first day of summer! It's raining 
My first day of work is tomorrow!  Being a golf caddy while not knowing how to play is a rather scary experience. Wish me luck!
My first design just finished voting at DBH without printing...  Give it some lovin' feedback please? http://is.gd/13UCQ
my first employer after college, Eddie Bauer, filled for bankruptcy today     http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/18/business/18bauer.html?em
My first fathers day without a father 
my first full week of class this week. no skipping, sad day 
My first Joe was better than the rest  i need to do his face better!!
my first pic tat... 
My first proper day working in my own office and I was 10 minutes late for work 
My first solo Race for the Galaxy game and the Robot trounced me 58 to 22. 
My first third shift night, Zane and Dani have been keeping me company. Im starting to get sleepy 
My first time ever in South Carolina &amp; I get pulled over. 
My first time out in NYC in a minute buttttt the MR said my dress wasn't cute 
My first tweet, currently doing the school run,waiting in the rain. 
My first tweet, so lets see what the fuss is about... whurr my friends at?  FOLLOW ME
my first un-follow.  Strangly saddened by this. 
my first unpleasant experience at starbucks happened today 
My first video with my iPhone (not very exciting at all) and I can't even activate my phone yet. AT&amp;T  http://bit.ly/11RM9t
my first weekend off work this year and im ill 
My fish died  oh well I will get new ones after summer
My fish died. I'm a bad mom. Now I will never get a puppy! 
My fish is deid. Oh dear  That bowl really was a death trap.
My fish is dying!!  Its swimmin upside down... is that bad?
My fish keep dying in fish tycoon 
My fish, Pepper, died. 
My fishy died 
my fishy died. 
my flaming finger still burns even though I have an ice pack on it 
My flatmate invited a friend over so I can't play with my new toy!!! Gotta play good host    Oh well. Sweet beer will ease the pain...
My flight control is borked!  Sad times
My flight has been cancelled to Turkey! I'm flying now Friday 03:30 o'clock to Bodrum. 3,5 hours by bus to Marmaris 
my flight home out of Charlotte has been delayed by an hour. it sounds like it might be delayed even longer. 
My flight is delayed  I just want to be home!
My flight is delayed an hour. I just wanna go home and sing a song with my dad, eat moms cooking, laugh w/ my sister, and pet my dog! 
My flight is delayed... 
My flight to NYC is spanning over two long days. Never flying through O'Hare again. The weather not their fault, the service however ... 
My flip flop just broke...walking in downtown seattle 
My flower from the green night is wilting 
my FOD family doesn´t love me!!!! 
My folks could've stayed home 
my follower porn ads are disappearing 
My followers r fading away  Wot can i do2make u stay?
My followers reach 500 but the most of them are spammer who says how about making money with something 
my followers seem to increase by like five, then drop back down again? they're mostly all robots anyway. boo. 
my followers went down. 
my food got cold.  ewww! and this freak won't stop texting me...
My food was too spicy 
my foot hurts 
My foot hurts   Maybe I  shouldn't have let that CWT box fall on it in 2002
my foot hurts i jammed it in the door 
my foot hurts like a bitch and I dunno where or when I hurt it 
My foot hurts like HELL.  ouchh
my foot hurts so much 
My foot hurtz.  
My foot is asleep and e me up. 
my foot is exploding 
My foot is practically broken. I have never been in this much pain 
my foot is stinging 
My foot is swelling again..  Can I be cute with flip flops and a butterfly cane?
My foot really hurts  is that bad? Has.
my foot was run over 
my foots swelling up again  and I haven't even been walking far today  time to go to the docs I think.
My foots swelling up from an ant bite 
my foreheads on fire. 
my fortune cookie is a cynic: &quot;You would be wise not to seek too much from others, at this time.&quot; 
My fortune cookie told me to learn Chinese. 
my four year old nephew just told me I can�t do anything right  he�s right
my Foxtel latency is causing my logie tweet delays 
My Frappacino didn't last too long  http://yfrog.com/0dhq0j
my freakin satellite not working 
my freakin tummy hurts 
My freakin ubertwitter isn't being nice 
My free minutes run out tomorrow. So i'll have to go on the comp to social network. Awk! 
My free month of call display just ended, why do I feel an emptiness now? 
My free trial of plants vs. Zombies is done  and I totally couldnt make it keep going like some people said
My fricken eye keeps twitching. It's bothering me! 
My friend (bf #2) just heard he has a degenerative disease that spells him chronic joint pain forever.  What do you say to that?
My friend @Loony4ever just ditched me! 
my friend @shallomj got fucked by Dujuour Magazine's Letitia Burrell   http://bit.ly/NgXB5 (via @kk)
My friend Bryce. He has cancer &amp; his arms &amp; legs r curling up. He can't walk &amp; Marisa jus told me he's not any better 
my friend called me at 5:30  thx keshia for not letting me sleep much lastnite...grrrrr
My friend cried alot during the cermony! 
MY friend gave birth without me being there. Stupid game... 
My friend got her phone take away. I really need her! 
My friend Grant just left for LA to live 
my friend in infy got laid off   m sorry for him
My friend is being taken away from me, from right under my nose 
My friend is competing in a horse show and I can't go to watch  I'm so scared of horses so glad at the same time lol there so cute too.
My friend is drunk dreiving sticking his head out the sunroof on the parkway;  save me
My friend is getting a kitten. I am SO jealous 
My friend is in a bad situation. She has a BF who is a great dad to their daughter, but he has a terrible gambling habit. IDK what to say 
my friend is saying that pcd dont like singapore concert..!! im sad after i heard that..idk..sign..is that true?i love pcd tho.. 
My friend just canceled on me 
My friend just gave me scary news-sad world we live in! Stay prayed up &amp; ask God 2 cover u in the blood EACH &amp; EVERY time u venture out 
My friend just told me her husband beat her.  I feel so bad for her. They have a baby.
My friend just told me that they caught 60 crab in 3 traps last weekend but they only had enough licences to keep 30.    What a joke eh?
My friend leaves for Ireland tomorrow to play cricket  .... for 6 months ....  #sambradley
my friend mad at e, y i dont know 
My friend made me a shot of vodka and I feel awful.  I don't really like drinking.
My friend Maegan Aguilar is not having a good time.   http://bit.ly/ne4cV #marcabaya #maeganaguilar
My friend may be the first case of #swineflu in my neighborhood. The tests will take a week to come back. He has pneumonia right now. 
My friend moved to Australia (Perth, i think). Now he's forgotten all of us back in Dubai. 
My friend said Mission Impossible sucked -- big time...
My friend sucks...drinkin without me 
My friend was singing eminem songs and almost fell off da seat on the bus! my bestfriend is LEAVING  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!: My friend was s..
my friend went up to him when he was outside starting up his car and got his number lol, although, he never texted back  but we still had
my friend wont turn their phone on 
My friend, Jacy, has been working really hard on this &amp; now 'GOP lawmakers put money before safety on highways' http://tinyurl.com/dy7lcy 
My friends are fighting on twitter  well..they say that a friendship has it's ups and downs.
my friends are mean to me  @OhHeyDeb @joyseph
My friends are useless and my ex sucks!, ughh just wish i could get away from everyone!  
my friend's bro had a heart attack and is in an induced paralysis. he's 19. they have no idea what's wrong. plz keep him in your thoughts 
My friends corupted me 
My friends daughter is at the hospital  I'm sad and worried!! ((
My friend's dog got hit by a car yesterday. They put him down. I'm so sad. He was the cutest little yorkie I've every seen. 
my friends dont love me because i have allergies  L*hay..S
my friends is soooo lame 
my friends mean the world to me and i hate when they are going through a hard time.... 
my friend's mom died of cancer in the gums yesterday afternoon 
My friends nephew is very poorly: http://tinyurl.com/oclgv4 .Any donations would be great. He loves animals, the poor little soldier. 
My friends said I was the Internets biggest flirt  but I flirt every where
My friends told me the brown sugar cinnamon pop-tarts are boring  I think they're delicious
My friends wedding was sooooo beautiful! I'm so happy for her! Now to relax...back to Cape tomorrow morning 
my friends will never know how much i love them 
my friendslist is very empty since twitter cut off replies 
my Friendster isn't working well. 
my friggin liver hurts... and it's not supposed to...  man down... *cries* I was looking forward to so much in my lifetime.don't care now
my frosh graduated today.   and 
My FTL. Found out today that they've pulled the plug on MADtv &amp; WB/CW/whatever won't be producing anymore comedy shows this fall. 
my fuckin god, 2nite has got 2 have been funny, horrible and scary all 1 but its left a bad taste in my mouth ! 
my fuckin internet connection from the neighbors is being a bitch. resorting to my cell 
my fuckin shoulder 
My fuckin tooth is hurting again!!! Ahhhh need my meds!! Dredding going to work tomorrow 
My fucking car got a punctured tire... And my dad thinks someone did it to me. 
My fucking cat ate my ice cream while I was helping my other cat get his claws free. I WAS HOLDING THE BOWL! Little douche. 
my fucking mouth is killing me.... stupid ass dentist 
my g/f is such a t**t. she waited till everyone was a asleep and f**ked off down her friend. what a childish f**king person. 
My garbage disposal is broken.  
my gay friend a decis ca nu mai mergem la placebo. acesta este un anunt oficial 
my gay man shoes gave me blisters 
my GB needs signatures..it's so lonely  || updated via http://m.itsmy.com/mobile/
My geek goggles are no more!  they broke!
my Gekko back to me, but unfortunately unfortunately, still lockd 
my ghostbusters game still not arrived 
my giant walk-in closet doesn't look so big now that all my clothes are in it 
my girl @bettyboob came 2 blaze...now she leavin me 
My girl beat my up good in Street fighter IV 
my girl dreams bout cheatin on me wit soulja boy!?  lol
my girl friend also dropped me 
my girl has Influenza A...she's going to miss all of her end of year activities including middle school graduation 
My girl is busy  Sleeping is fine...it´s so hot outside...
My girl is sick. 
'My Girl', great, but sad film 
my girlfriend in i miami and its not sunny there either  Follow her and say Hi @Kristinakk4
My girlfriend is deathly ill and on her way to the hospital 
My girlfriend isn't answering the phone 
My girlfriend left to colombia 3 days ago. Only samantha ronson can make me feel better. 
My girlfriend tricked me. My cell phone's dead today 
my girlfriend's sick with a cold.......       Hope you're feeling better soon
My glands are swollen, my muscles ache and I'm tired all the time. Who used my body? Maybe I'm falling apart  not good
My glasses got bent somehow.  Gotta get them readjusted.
my globe gprs isnt working.  gsdkdadf!!! munching on choco-la-tesss.
My Globe Mobile's dead and I left my charger at home!!!  http://plurk.com/p/y2mof
My gloves are still missing 
My gmail is down... oooooooooooohhhhhhhhh 
My god daughters the most adorable too! If I knew how to post picures I'd show you 
My god my head is murdering me from the inside... 
my god my mac has been acting like windows all day 
My God the Georgia Theater has burned down  Sorry Wilmont and friends. 2009 is a very bad year. Lost my best friend and now this.
My god the opening act sucks  Dane oh where art thy Dane
My god this book is like listening to a record on repeat 170,000 times. I GET IT! AID TO AFRICA HASN'T &amp; WON'T HELP. Shut The Fuck Up! .. 
My God what is up with these insane drivers lately?! Whenever I stop @ the red light and look around, their faces look furious 
My god! Chavsda is living up to it's name this morning!  #fb
My god! I can't sleep, something bad can't out from my mind, hate this! pleaasssee I want sleep 
My God!!!!! Work tomorrow 8am til 5pm.  Does anyone care?.............. Nope!  
My god, when will the sun come out?   
My God.  I CANNOT walk this morning.  Ankles are killing me.  Must've been doing the running malarky too hard.  And my heels are skinned. 
My God-brother is back in the hospital.  please keep him in you're thoughts/prayers.
My Godfather passed away yesterday I am now in mourning. 
my godfather passed away..im sad   could use some cheering up
My goldfish died!!!! 
My goldfish died. 
My goldfish has a swim bladder infection. 
My goldfish is dead 
My goldfish is missing 
My good luck charm ditched me! 
my good mood has gone this fucking job 
my goodness the tubes are slllllow today   
My goodness, it's freezing down here !!!!! 
My Google Reader subscriptions for music updates is (1000+)... i'm behind 
My got into an accident last night. She is hurt, and her friend bone is sticking out her leg. 
my got mad at me so hes sleeping in the tv room... and im here in my room alone watching &quot;shutter&quot; and im super scared... 
my gpa and dad come today. 1 more day till graduation! ahh cant wait! and  then its off to florida on wednesday. 
My graduation day... And i feel like a failure... 
my graduation song is sad 
my granddaughter so hurt, daddy canceled summer visitation at 10 pm last night supposed to start today 9am. he's in TN we're  in  OH. 
My grandfather died yesterday. He was 96. In the room next to me a 16 years old boy who have a cancel... Life is unfear 
My grandma is back in the hospital. 
My grandma is going to be in intensive care for the next week. I hope she gets better soon 
my grandma is in an extended care home now..  fucking cancer
my grandma just passed away :'(. I didnt even get to meet her once 
My grandma was just taken to the hospital 
My grandmother has Pneumonia and they admitted her into the hospital 
My grandmother sold her house on the Cape.  We have till October..it's time to rage!
My grandmother's homemade cookies are terrible now! What changed 
my grandpa in NY just died.... 
My grandpa is in ICU!  He have holes in his lungs, his bladder removed, &amp; his heart is in bad condition. Help me pray he be okay. &lt;3
My grandpa is in the hospital 
My grandpa isnt weak, he's strong. He's a man tt can take on a dinosaur if he wants to. He's juz tired, tired of life...  
My grandpa just died. 
My grandpa passed away wendseday, the funeral was today, one of the hardest things if ever had to do. 
My grandparents had their 50th Wedding Anniversary today. It was fun, but now I am very tired... and having LOST withdrawals! AH! 
my grandpop died today. 
My granny has had a fall. I am worried. Waiting to hear what the paramedics say. 
my grany in the hospital  im scared Idk wats wrong with her and neather do the doctors 
My graphic card does not like Sims 3 at all. 
my graphics tablet has gone completely awol... lets hope a restart fixes it 
My great grandmother passed away. 
my grey leggings have vanished  need to wear black! sunbed time in the rainnn x
My grill cover nearly flew off in the wild wind... In other news, FRUSTRATED the Tribe lost today after having a 7-2 lead in the 8th 
my gripes for today: #1.someone really walked out of my place of employment with my phone....so ill b needin numbers very soon 
My guess is Apple like to have a queue outside their stores... even the online ones 
my guineas need c-sections 
My guitar ain't here yet?, feel like i lost a limb!. 
My guitar hero drumkit has been overtaken 
my guitar is in the shop and im waiting to go get it and i have no clue when that will be 
My guitar is very poorly everybody  *sniff sniff* I'm about to cry right now!
my guitar string broke 
My guitarhero game has definitely changed 
my gums hurt  #hurt
My gums hurt! 
My guys grandfather just passed away...hate to hear him so sad  keep him in ure prayers
my hair :/  mi god i look liken a sheep for real
My hair got lopped off at the City Chase! 
My hair got wet after iHad it PERFECTLY flat ironed earlier now its all frizzy 
My hair has beeen done all I need is my damn ro0ts blown 0ut! Y do I have t0 waiit so0 long!! Ugghhhhh !!!! 
My hair is a bush! 
my hair is a mess 
My hair is almost done I'm gonna look cute in the rain 
My hair is bad today 
My hair is black 
My hair is falling out in record amounts. 
my hair is fucked up from the rain. not too happy about that. lol 
My hair is gone 
My hair is gonna smell worse than yesterday 'cause of this nightmarkeet food 
My hair is like a bush 
My hair is more lik black than brown, ohmygod. Im sooo gonna dye it one more time! Tsk. 
my hair is now really short  i will twitpic as soon as i get home tomorrow. it doesnt look that short to others but to me it does.
My hair is really dark lmao I hope it stays like it and doesn't fade this time 
My Hair Is Reele Peeing Me Of  Ahh Weell
My hair is so flat :| Clear is not working anymore 
my hair is so heavy today, its giving me headache 
my hair is starting to fall out in the shower  people recommend biotin. GNC here i come.
My hair is too short.......... 
My hair looks horrible, i look like a man 
my hair looks like crap as usual 
My hair looks sooo short 
my hair needs a cut 
My hair needs to be long STAT. I miss it. 
My hair smells like cigarettes, but it's straight so I don't want to wash it.  Hair people, tell me what to do!!
my hair smells like man 
my hair smells like the ocean and beer.  
My hair straightener joined ed mcmahon and bea arthur in the 2009 celeb graveyard 
My hair straightener tried to kill me.  It sparked, fell apart and burned my couch   It did last three years.
My hair stuff in my bag has spilt on my phone and now i have to bash the buttons to make it work. 
MY HAIR UGH I LOOK LIKE A BOY. 
my hair was very wavy today, and it made me miss houston. 
my hair won't turn whiiite 
my hair...flow it...show it...long as God can grow it...RIP my hair 
My haircut   still pretty though  http://twitgoo.com/oj2g
My haircut isn't that great... 
my haircut sucks! 
My ham, egg, and cheese sandwich is made of sadness and fail. 
my hamster didnt know i was in my room on the floor. when i stood up she let out some freaky noise and scared the hell out of me 
My hamster didnt make it she had wet tail disease and died last night 
My hamster escaped and was caught by the cat 
my hamster is dying.  He's paralized now and has a hard time breathing.
My hamster just died R.I.P Lucy 
my hamster stitch died in the night 
my hamstring is either pulled or stiff either way its so sore!! 
my hand hurts 
my hand hurts  its like norbit (@alwaysrecycle) except invisible and painful
my hand hurts SO much and i have no idea why?! 
my hand is aching today. 
my hand is asleep and its really annoyin 
My hand is crampy from writting so much im doing the inventory log  on each and every cell phone 
my hand is really sore this morning. its bleeding now too. pulling gloves on and off is going to a problem 
my hand is soooo colddddd but i have to hold it up to stop the swelling and throbbing 
My hand just lost in an epic battle with my cat  I hope it heals quickly!
My hand/wrist is KILLING me. 
my hands already hurt from forming  ughh
My hands are all dry 
my hands are all peeeeeeeely 
My hands are all peel-y and unhappy from dicing up a jalapeno tonight. I think that merits a frowny face:  
My hands are already tired. Me wants hot starbucks and me hungry too 
my hands are literally shaking.  I AM SO NOT OLD ENOUGH TO GO ON DATES.  pray for me not to do anything retarded you guys  
My hands are very cold!   Even its a sunny day, its freezing outside. I'm wearing panties under my pants and socks haha.
my hand's asleep  hard 2 type
my hands look very wrinkly today 
my hands still feel gross from the oily sunscreen bleh  I miss brian already
My hannah montana hand sanitizer just leaked on my sweatshirt haha  it smells mad good tho
My hayfever is starting to annoy me again now -_- Damn! And I thought it had gone 
my hayfever soooo bad today 
My HBP was still kinda high. The dr. upped my dose damn it. I'm sad and frustrated. Been working out and eating really well and its high? 
my HCT pita wrap toastie melted to the paper  Pooo!!
my HD is full. need to cleanup a lot 
my head 
my head aches 
my head aches  need to go home.
my head always hurts now. 
my head and heart are going to explode.  
my head and stomache hurt.. 
my head feels like a big back of rocks...  sucks.
My head feels like its being squished by a vice 
my head feels like its going to implode 
My head feels like its on the botto of the ocean. So much pressure 
my head feels like spinning 
my head feels so heavy  daddy is stroking my forhead cos apparantly it would put me to sleep when i was 2 doesn't seem to be workin now
my head has been bothering me for a couple of days....guess its time to go to the doctor 
My head has been increasingly aching over the past couple of days. Cannot determine correlation to my sleep pattern or anything. 
my head has never hurt so bad 
my head has turned into a big booger factory 
my head hearts  xx
my head hruts 
My head hurts  At least I have KB and Baby Nov to keep me company.
my head hurts  I promise I won't sit up till 2am and wake up at 7am ever ever again...
my head hurts  laundry and hanging out with the chillins all day
my head hurts  sooo close to graduation!!
My head hurts  still...
my head hurts again 
my head hurts again. 
My head hurts ALOT I wonder why? Wait I know I why I whent to sleep at 3am and I woke up at 11am 
my head hurts and I'm starving. I forgot to eat because I was reading all day  Phone is dying too. LOL, drive through time.
my head hurts bad 
My head hurts for like the 30th day in a row.    And I fail at sleep.
My head hurts from all the stress I've been having lately! 
my head hurts from the bump I caused myself yesterday 
My head hurts from thinking so late 
my head hurts so bad 
My head hurts so bad  Feel like I've been punched in my eye. This best not be the start of a cold 
My head hurts so bad right now. Dang allergies 
My head hurts so bad that I think I might go to bed early (for me). 
My head hurts so bad! 
My head hurts so bad, I need to do so much today as well 
My head hurts so bad. 
My head hurts so bad... I feel like it's going to explode 
my head hurts SO bad..feel like crying out loud! 
my head hurts so badly.  http://plurk.com/p/11bueb
My head hurts so much!  Might just go to bed early...
My head hurts sooo bad and so does my heart.  wawzaa I cried alot last night when I went home. What's up with me!?
my head hurts sooo much!  too much too &quot;stretch&quot; hehe.
My head hurts sooooo bad  it's no fun! Blergh!
my head hurts this stinks 
my head hurts, my nose is stuffed and I can't sleep no more. so far I hate this day! 
My head hurts.  And I can't look up hotels anymore.  My brain is mush.
My head hurts.  got hit in the head by an evil piece of falling timber!
My head hurts.  I think I drank too much?
My head hurts. Bad. Real bad. 
my head hurts. i want to dress like wendy for the jb concert, but i have no peter pan 
my head hurts.. 
my head hurts.. my hands hurt. my eyes hurt. my sinuses hurt. yeah, I have a cold. 
My head hurtz, 
My head huuuurts 
My head huuuuuurts       
my head is about to explode so no more updates for today 
my head is aching  and not even from a self induced hangover...how rubbish!
my head is burningggggg ! i'm feeling so bad right now. i guess i'll be sick agaaain ! -.- and that's not cool 
My head is cold, my feet are crold..I have a cold...eee...eee. achoo!!  
My Head Is Hurting Me. It's always the same! 
My head is hurting so badddddd 
my head is hurting! 
my head is hurting.. 
my head is in a financial spreadsheet when it should be in the sunshine 
My head is killer!!!! 
my head is KILLING me 
My head is killing me and I feel like I'm going to throw up, but I can't be sick!!! I'm moving today and then I'm coming back to work! 
My head is killing me and my throat has gone a bit dodgy.  Might be ok when I go to college but for now, I will mope around at home 
my head is killing me from having it head butted by a little kid. 
My head is killing me from too much stress.... And I'm stuck at work till 1130 
My head is killing me!  *tosses and turns*
my head is killing me!  anyone know whats up with headaches like this?
my head is killing me. nothing is hepling it at all. 
my head is now falling like yesterdaaaay  and dont know what to think once again!
My head is orange 
My head is pounding and my tummy is disagreeing with me. I feel like shit. 
My head is pounding and the state of the inbox makes me wish I hadn't made the effort to come into work this morning. 
My head is pounding, I can't stop sneezing, and I can't breathe, and my body is tense! 
my head is so sore and i have no tablets  boo hoo
my head is sooo sore. boo @ taking too many painkillers at once and notbeing able to take anymore! 
My head is spinning around 
My head is spinning. Had a lie down for 2 hours, feels a bit better but not great. I'll be working late tonight to make this time up 
My head is starting to kill meeee   
My head is still all kinds of fuzzy weirdness 
My head is still killin me! It's not looking good yall. I might have to hit up the hospital.  shits wack, I got things to do today.
My head is stillllll pounding. 
My HEAD is sweatin eeeeewww! 
My head is throbbing and I have a two hour drive ahead of me.  
My head just got slammed in the wall  I can't do none though
My head must have gotten bigger... the Optimus Prime helmet doesn't fit like it used to  Time to adjust the straps...
my head my head my head  no booozing for me tonight
my head needs major ice 
my head really hurts,   &amp; i have no idea where mother is, ¬¬
My head seems to be getting worse by the minute 
my head still hurts  damn ... stress??
my head still hurts and i'm in a terrible mood 
my head, neck and right elbow was extremely hurt.. 
my head...  it hurts 
My head... It asploded. Work just went from &quot;good&quot; to &quot;OMG I have too much work!&quot; in the span of an hour 
my head.... a sinus infection 
my headache is getting worse 
my headache isn't going away  and i want pancaakkesss
My headache wont go away 
my headaches getting worse again and temperatures on the way up again 104.2 at the moment 
My headdd  this heat is a beezy.
my headdddd hurtssssss  damn Saturday migraines...they're getting old.
My headphones are falling apart 
My headphones broke. 
My headphones have gone downhill  the extra bass isn't helping the lifespan.
My headphones just officially died.  Will pick up new ones at the @iPlaceStore tomorrow.
my heads all cufufled, dont know which way to turn, her on one side, him on another 
My heads banging. 
my head's been hurting for the past 3 days. i wish i knew why. 
my head's in the smasher 
my HEAD'S spinnin'!!!! its KILLIN' ME!!!!! i miss b. 
My health isn't getting any better. Off to the doctors tomorrow again 
My healthy eating goal for today is to have Japanese food without ordering anything battered and deep fried = no tempura 
My hear hurts  And my stomach. But... must... go... to... church.
My heart aches a bit, learning @Astro_Mike is not really astro mike...  http://bit.ly/im8P0
my heart and prayers go out to the family and friends of those on Air France Flight 447.  Just terrible 
My heart broke into pieces... 
My heart can't possibly break, when it wasn't even whole to start with. &lt;|3 
My heart goes out to all da ppl missing frm the Air France plane and their relatives.. Sad news 
my heart goes out to all passengers of Air France 447  and their families..GOD grant them peace and comfort in Jesus name Amen
My heart goes out to all the passengers and relevant family members from missing airplane Airfrance Airbus A330-200 flight AF447  ....
my heart goes out to David Cook and his family   so sad!
My heart goes out to Levi ,his family  those children that suffer with heart diseases 
My heart goes out to Myke Tyson.... no one should have to bury their child! 
my heart goes out to the people who were on air france..  and their families.
My heart goes out to those people on the Air France flight 
my heart goes out to those who lost someone in air france accident... 
my heart has taken a step backwards 
My heart hurts  #trackle
my heart hurts  boys suck!!! I want a MAN!!!!!!
My heart hurts for the &quot;atonement&quot; story this morning at church. We miss God in that way too much, way offbase 
My heart hurts. 
my heart hurts.  not like sharp pain heartattack... more like... sad.    i need a hug and my bed.
my heart hurts... 
My heart is aching 
My heart is actually breaking 
My heart is bleeding with this thing happening in Tehran 
My heart is Broken  but GO CaVS... Have to follow my baby!!! ;) #32
My heart is broken and it hurts so damn bad. 
my heart is broken every morning dropping Foo at pre school, now i understand when moms say &quot;he has my heart broken&quot;. 
my heart is broken several times a day in this freaking job.  why do people create children they then subsequently abandon?  
my heart is broken. so long ipod. . . wherever you are  @
my heart is broken. so long, ipod. . . wherever you are 
My heart is getting ripped out while working on the #zendcon schedule.  Far too many good talks for the slots we have available.  
My heart is hurting big time!  I just wish he knows how much I really loved him. 
My heart is hurting...  I want to move away from everyone.
my heart is just breaking for Mady,Cara,Alexis,Hannah,Aaden,Collin,Leah and Joel Gosselin. They didn't ask for any of this 
My heart just broke. Jon and Kate Gosslin are getting a divorce!!!!! This is soooooo sad!             
My heart just cried. My stepmom just texted me and told me they were at the emergency room last night because Han had an asthma attack 
my heart just sank and i lost my appetite.  note to self: stop stalking.
My heart needs a vacation, it's all messed and fiddled up... 
My hearts a pounding, went out to pick up sticks so I could mow and FOUND A SNAKE!!!!!!!!  No more laying out in the yard for me  
my hearts breaking for those families who lost their child/children in the daycare fire  35 babies gone.. I can't even begin to imagine.
My henna tattoo is fading...   Time to get it touched up!  Anyone know of a good place around SLC?
my hero is still sick. i miss him. 
my heythrop library card expires tomorrow 
my hiccups are back 
My high school principal is no more  the last time i saw him was like 2 years back.. good soul.. students are gonna miss him 
my highschool is soooooo..... tiring i got cramps on my legs   but it's sooooo fun too I got new friends 
My Hip hurts lol I sound 70 but it really does 
My hip hurts.  Dang gym.  
my hips hurt so bad I'm on the verge of tears 
my hit my toe 
My holiday went too quick oh well never mind! 
My Holidays are so monotonous widout my gang !!  Waiting for T20 WC to begin
My home iMac is really really ill 
My home looks great. The amazing power of lights &amp; a fish eye lens. Oh yeah, &amp; I live in a beautiful house http://bit.ly/Ih37w #sadtomove 
my home rooter is broken  I cannot access to twitter at home.
My hometown of Obando is celebrating it's 2nd of its 3 day  fiesta. Now I'm homesick! 
My homework is due in 2 minutes and I didn't complete it because I was watching titanic 
My Honeybunches left me for Greece 
My hope for seeing TAI has gone down, I need atleast $320, I'm never going to get that much in only 2 months. 
My horoscope says not to sign any contracts today and I signed my time card  is that bad?
My horsey fucked up his wee leg 
my hours are M-F 9:30-8:00 p.m. and Sat. 8:30-7:00 p.m. So I won't be able to go to the movies 
my house and fridges (have i spelt that right?) do not mix well anyway! my 4th one has now packed in! always when warranty.s run out! 
My house back home flooded and we lost a lot.  
my house failed a radon test 
my house got cleaned today.. all my stuff got moved around and half of my vicks vapors are gone 
My house here has an echo now  Its scary&amp; depressing  Heading to bed shortly exhausted and drained...Its more in the head than anything.
my house is flooding 
My house is fuckin cold...shitty ass weather 
My house is going to be empty again  I NEED INTERNET ACCESS X(
my house is infested with a millions ghosts from pac man 
My house is so quiet without Max and Mimi! 
My house is so ridiculously hot! 
my house is to hot and my granmother well not turn on the ac at all !!!! 
My house people r so annoying! 
my house smells like wet dog 
my house! Yey! My bed! Yey! My laundry! not so happy about that 
My houseguests have left and now I feel...kinda sad 
My housemate is on her way to california 
My housemates are being lame and studying.  ... sadly, I am not because I am a bad bad student.... lalalallalallaa
My HP Deskjet J4580 Won't work on Win7 yet.  
My HSM sleeping bag is too small for me, you see 
my htc fuze has been refusing to boot up... had to do a hard reset which deletes all data. sad 
My HTC Touch PDA just died!! I am really sad today... I feel like crying..!  
My hubby don't feel good 
My hubby is leaving me to go to London for 10 days! Unfair on so many levels!! 
My hubby is sick.    Poor guy.
my hubby is still broken 
My hubby is taking me out to dinner for my b-day tonight. Should be interesting since there isn't a lot I can eat until after surgery 
My hubby won't let me get a 24&quot; full hd monitor for my computer! 
My hubz cracks me up with his Susan Boyle impersonation!! Can't get him to let me YouTube it 
My Hudson jeans @ nordie's cause they're ripping  we'll see if I can convince him. What could I bribe him with?
My human cut the little dreadlocks off of my neck!  I wanted to be a reggae kitteh. 
my human is sad... that makes me sad 
My hurt just started again inside  thinking about everything makes me wanna go rawr!
My husband came down with pneumonia this week. I knew he was sick, but surprised at the diagnosis. He's still miserable 
My husband didn't let me watch my movie  I'm sad I really wanted to watch it :'(
My husband gets a nap.  I don't.  
My husband has told me that we are having a yard #fail not a yard sale. No one is coming at all.  Come buy our stuff!
my husband is at home... and I wish I was there with him  #fb
My husband just said I'm testy! 
My husband refuses to let me text on my iphone while driving  but I just twittered while driving does that count?!?
My husband turns 31 in a month and I have no clue what to get him. I have to decide soon so I can mail it in time! His 3rd b'day in Iraq. 
My husband, @palinode, is coming to BlogHer w/ me, but he has no pass  It is the saddest of our 1st world problems.
My i key is being dodgy 
My ice cream is frostbitten 
My ice pack melted all over me last night..  i'm still miserable. How can i get my nails done when a cant lift my arm?
My ice tastes weird 
my iced coffee sucks today  not the morning for shitty coffee. damn it
my ichat has been fucked up for the past few days and its finally working and no one is on.. im bored 
My idea of a Justice League themed debut was rejected.  Back to square one...
my idon'tknowhwat hurts  it's down and on the left.
My iMac now isn't even seeing the RAM I put in  back to the drawing board I think
My iMac will not boot  may need to walk into the apple store after a year. Kinda dreading that possibility.
my iMac's died  keeps cutting out for no reason. Anyone recommend a good mac place for service / parts? Think I need a new power supply
my image is disappeared 
My imaginary friend filed a restraining order against me! 
My Immortal...................  
My inbox seems to have taken on a life of it's own 
my indentation issue is gone now, and I really dont know why 
My Indigo Flight 189 delayed due to &quot;vip traffic&quot; at delhi airport 
my infection is bothering me 
My ink sesh got postponed another week  i just want this sleeve finished! get better sooon shevy &lt;3
My inner child is having a temper tantrum, the cafeteria is out of orange soda 
my insides are all twisty.   damn it digestive system!
my inspiration is gone 
my install of Nambu is broken  great app when it works, though!
My insulated coffee cup began to drip on the commute to work.  Now I am coffee man 
my intel on latenite downtown danceparty was bad,  seeking guidance
my Intel Wireless 2200BG adapter is not compatible with aircrack-ng 
My International Relations/Law class starts only a few days before my birthday  oh how sad
My Internet connection has died.  What I wouldn't give to be able to use iFon as a modem.   Figures.
My Internet connection is awfully slow today. 
my internet connection is so slow that my google reader hasn't loaded properly for weeks. 
my internet connection sucks monkey's butt 
My Internet connection was faster in 1998 than it is now. 
My internet died. But i cant sleep. So, i have nothing to do now 
my internet explorer is still not working.. how do i do surveys now 
My internet has been crappy for days.  Wifi keeps on disconnecting.  I can't view sweethomestyle.tumblr.com tuloy  Boooo!!!
my internet has been down for EVER! a beloved HS teacher of mine died  http://bit.ly/6lnm3
My internet hasn't been nice to me lately. 
My internet hates me today 
my internet income project has got a BIG problem today. 
my internet is a joke today, i hate sharing the line 
my internet is being a total bitch so i can't tweet my boring life  @replies soon !
my internet is being such a whore tonight. 
My Internet is broken  #comcast
my internet is capped  downloaded over 20gigs...  capped down to 13kbit
my internet is crawling to a slow stumbling death 
my internet is doing a thing where it ebbs and flows. but the ebbs are a lot longer than the flows. 
My internet is down  http://bit.ly/4pDQQ
My internet is down  sucks! *~&gt;dreamer&lt;~*
my internet is down cuz my modem is fried, could be a few days...sorry gg cant have our usual chats   unless u have msn,
My Internet is down!!!! I might acutally die! 
My internet is failing.  Not many sites that I visit WORK :&lt;
My internet is gone 
my internet is GONE!!!!!!!  on de plus side am in roxy's house atm waiting for de princess protection programme !! ahhhhhhhhhh cant wait!
my internet is so stupid. everyone's blogs are making it go crazy 
my internet is still down 
My internet is still down so using dads computer just now  however, i have a heads up for some of you Greenfingers tonight on BBC1 10.45pm
my internet is still dwn so still cant sent direct msgs 
MY INTERNET IS UNUSUALLY SLOW 
My Internet isn't working 
my Internet isn't working  fml I'm bored!!!!!!
My Internet isn't working properly  but work was goood, and I got saralee icecream out of it
my internet service has been acting strange after the earthquake. Just found out that the submarine fiber optics cable got damaged 
My Internet service is down. 
My internet's being lame 
My internet's broken at home, I wish B3ta.... 
My internet's not working!  text me 
My internetz have been broken until now.  BOO!
my interview with the child care expert didn't happen  what to do, what to do??
my intuition was as always right  got a phone call yesterday from my boyfriend, said he was at friend's place. 2 girls there!! rrrrrrrrr
My invisibleSHIELD has gone a yellow pissy colour! Don't look good! 
My iPhone 3GS is not out on the Fedex truck for delivery yet..... getting nervous 
My iPhone 3GS is on backorder!  should have it next week. Am expecting it to change my life - will it?
my iPhone 3GS order is still &quot;prepared for shipment&quot; 
My iPhone 3GS was shipped via UPS 2days yesterday from Texas. Won't be recieving it till Mon. 
My iPhone and I went swimming yesterday... only one of us came back alive  Please pause for a moment of silent meditation...
my iPhone apps didn't work any more  installed Tweetdeck app via iPhone, now all apps seems to work again 
My iPhone cable is broken   http://yfrog.com/7h9yej
My iPhone car charger broke!   So sad...
My iPhone case just went foe a rode in the waahin machine 
my iphone didn't come with a mini shamwow 
My iphone froze...again! So many issues with it. I am not happy 
My iPhone had an unfortunate water submersion incident. 
My iPhone has been acting up and now I have to restore everything.  This sucks.
My iPhone has been stuck for over half an hour updating to OS 3... 
my iPhone has gone so slow and keeps crashing 
my iPhone i dead 
My iphone is at the bottom of the Puget Sound  I feel empty inside. My next one will be my third, lol. Can you say bad luck? Ugh!
my iPhone is attempting to kill itself. Can't wait to get home and try to fix 
My iPhone is broken 
My iphone is damaged 
My iPhone is fucked up  Won't boot anymore... S.O.S.!!!!
My iPhone isn't working...again. Back to apple for number 16! Ugh 
my iPhone just flip out while trying to update it to the new software....I have to reset it now 
My iPhone just stopped functioning because I put off upgrading it to the latest 3.0 Beta version 
My iPhone says I can't drive anymore.   http://yfrog.com/08gwej
My iPhone woke up, but it's deaf!! Needs to see a good iPhone doctor 
My iPhones batt life was cut short since the installation of 3.0 
My iPod battery is so low that it's not registering as plugged into my comp.  I don't think I have a US duckhead for the wall charger. 
My iPod broke  but then it came back again 
my ipod can stop this restore to factory setting nonsense whenever it wants 
my ipod deleted itself 
my ipod died. kill me. 
my ipod has been missing for 3 wks now. Touch if you get this message please come back to me we had good times together 
my ipod has broke 
My iPod has no BATTERY :O 
my ipod is about to run out  damn it
my ipod is completely full and i still have approx. 10 more GBs of music on my comp that feels left out 
My iPod is dead. 
My ipod is fried, I cried a little, life almost seems over 
my ipod is FROZEN. :0 so many trying times&amp;trouble it's seen..haha..but..not cool  xoxoxo-j.
my ipod is on the fritz 
My iPod is still missing. =( St. Anthony of Padua. please help me find it. 
My Ipod isn't broken anymore&lt;3 I will now watch a movie. I dunno what to do tomorrow  Gonna stay up late, i guess :3
My iPod nano has died 
my iPod only has 27GB worth of free space.. 
my ipod ran away  i wanted to be serenaded to sleep lmao.
my ipod touch app &quot;Twitterific&quot; isnt working 
my ipod touch died  .... where's the darn charger?...
my iPod went nuts yesterday so i had 2 restore it :S and all my play counts were gone coz of the formatting process  i want my counts back
my ipod won't sync up with my itunes. someone haaaalp meeee 
my ipod!  water got on it and now i think it's dead!!! Oh please let my ipod work!!
My iPod's acting retarded right now. It's just not working. I have to bring it to the Apple Store. 
My ipods run out of battery - stuck in traffic  text me - 07595758075
my is horny so am i but we both hurt  cant stay awake good night
My iTouch died on me  Currently charging............................................... Sucks.
my itouch just died  going to watch the lion the witch and the wardrobe
my itunes hates me right now. 
My iTunes is not working 
my itunes is playing in mono not stereo........ hmmmm 
my itunes isnt working  that means i cant add the new jb cd from the cd to my ipod :/
My iTunes Iz broke. Won't let me put CDs in 
my itunes officially has gone crazy. its like it eliminates everything good and plays only old stuff on shuffle. &lt;3 oh well yay memories. 
My iTunes store is set on US and I can't figure out how to change it back to UK 
my iTunes won't open  .. i want to listne to music
My jaw hurts!  where my drogas at? I need Asprin ASAP!
My jaw is hurting right now. Ouch! 
My jaw is hurting... Making this carne asada difficult to eat 
my jeans are still in the dryer which means I'll be wearing heals on a casual day   And WAKE UP BELLA! You have to go to work today!!!
My jeans are wet...Idk if i can work in wet jeans 
my jeans come today bt they shit  might just end up buying the primark ones againi shoulda got my blazer today!
my jeee.. vacation is almost over..  i don't want to go back to school yet. 
My jeeps dead at school. Not a good day 
My jerkfaced bf called and told me that it was 2pm. Motherfucker. Scared me for no reason 
My job caters to carnivores .... There's never anything I can eat here.  http://myloc.me/2l5f
my job fucking sucks. work till noon. 
My job just official got worse.  at least I have one I guess. 
my job sucks.. 
My joker lost another leg 
my jonas brothers cd is 2 days late!   damnnn =(
My kam kam is sick  had a fun and relaxing weekend!
My kayak is getting lonely out there in the parking lot 
My Kayla is leaving me soon...it just hit me 
My keens knocked off  Cost of being irregular trekker.
My Kenzie Cole Just Feel Down The Stairs...  Wayyy Too Much Blood....
My Kevin shirt has something on it  it BETTER come out, i cant get a new one!
My keyboard couldn't have picked a better time to die 
my keyboard is broken.. thank you JESUS for a touchscreen phone, but still very frustrating.. my phone is not so much sexy anymore boooo 
My keyboard on my phone is broken! I have to type everything with t9  going to alltel tomorrow to get a new phone i guess
My kid brother just fell off a tree, in the hospital now  Got no news.
My kiddies are gone to visit their grandparents... I'm lonely  It's so quiet &amp; boring with them gone
My kiddo hates the pool 
My kids are out of school for at least a week because of a freakin' media-manufactured scare!  ARGH!!!  
My kids choose the computer over the bouncy castle 
My kids just said they wanted to play David and Galieth and guess whose Galieth.  they threw fake rocks at my head
My kids seem to think that since we took the trampoline down their beds make a gr8 alternative 
my kids won't play outside because it's too hot.  It's only near 100 degrees, come on!
My kindle is having screen problems what a bummer 
my Kingston has cat flu 
My kitchen is freezing 
My kitchen is trashed. Very upsetting  [?]
my kitchen makeover is coming along so sweeeet!! Now if only the rain would leave 
My kitten isn't feeling too well 
my kitten might not make it  staying up all night taking care of him. he's so small.
my kitty is lost  
My kitty is missing  We have a pet detective person coming out tomorrow (yes, seriously). I sooo hope they find her. I &lt;3 Coco!
My kitty peed all over my bed 
My kitty woke me up.  And I was sleeping quite soundly.
my knee &amp; elbow + hot black pavement = OUCH!  Bike ride FAIL
My knee bobo hurts 
My knee has been hurting since my 8 mile run on Sunday...  Couldn't even run yesterday... how do I make it better?
my knee hurt 
My knee is flipping Killing me 
My knee is in tatters. Trust my office to be at the top of an uber steep flight of stairs 
my knee is killinggg, ow ow ow  im going to go revise!
my knee is really bad and it hurt so much  i'm gonna try to survive 2 hours in school and if i can't i go home again u.u'
My knee is really hurting... This can't be good 
My knee is still killing me - this is not a good start to things 
My knee is swollen! 
My knee is throbbing... 
my knee met my stairs this morning  it DID NOT feel good
My knee really hurts when I bend it 
My knees are cold. I'm just sat here tweeting and shivering in my oh-so-warm TCF hoodie. My knees however are open to the elements 
my knees are sore 
My knees hurt  i can't get comfortable enough to get sleepy.
My knees hurt  i hate slippery rocks
My knees hurt, and I'm sad now. I was havin fun  Buzz Kill!!!
my lack of tweets deeply disturbs me. also, anyone got a stump update? havent heard much lately 
My lamp is randomly attacking my head. It now hurts. 
my laptop aint working and i cant use sony vegas after the SECOND DAY  today is a shity day
My laptop battery is dying - from 100% to 37% in 20 minutes 
my laptop broke, who wants to help a girl out and take me to best buy this weekend. please ill feed u. 
My laptop charger is fucked up!  FUCK YOU HP!
My laptop charger is not working.. Now will have to buy a charger too 
My laptop died tonight  now what am i going to do?
My laptop died. I am so so sad. No personal computer until July.  Bye bye twitter!
my laptop died. I'm pissed. I'm sorry but I won't be able to update fanfiction until I get it fixed. Hopefully it doesn't take too long. 
My laptop fell off my bed. Cracked my screen.  It isn't horrible (still completely usable) :$
my laptop freaking sucks... its just the slowest thing ever invented 
My laptop has a virus  Stolen @mattritchie 's while he's snoozing mwahahaha!
My laptop hates me 
My laptop is aging 
My laptop is being a douchebag  i'm pumped for todayy though! yearbooks.
my laptop is being a tard tonight! 
My laptop is broken.... no internet for me for a while! 
my laptop is burning my lap 
My laptop is crashing badly right now  I hope my files can be rescued 
My laptop is dead so I can't visit my computer friends as much.  
my laptop is dead, cos apparently my life didn't suck enough already 
my laptop is dying  ima let it charge for a bit ill get back on later bye twitter
my laptop is freaking out 
my laptop is getting fixed (again), so i'm on this old, super slow one  it's driving me crazzzy
my laptop just did something really freaky. eek! it's only a year old!!!  
my laptop keeps cutting out  I was enjoying listening to tearjerkers too
my laptop keys arent working  so i have to use toms until i can get it fixed 
my laptop like totally broke  so now i hav to use my SUPER slow computer... i hope i fix my laptop
my laptop now smells of onions and my husband is fast asleep and snorring 
my laptop screen died.  so strange at work now with only 1 screen instead of 3. #fb
My laptop spazzed out 
my laptop video card crashed yesterday - Dell tech coming on Wednesday. 
my laptop won't switch on  i am now totally lost. eating a caramel Freddo to help calm down.
My laptop wont turn on. Its not the battery. This isnt good. It sucks 
My laptop's power cable is broken  I'm SO bummed. I won't be  online for a while guys...
my laptops screen keeps blacking out on me even when I'm in the middle of something. I hope it's not broken  maybe I need to shut it down
my laptop's with the service centre 
My last clear out  http://cli.gs/962gTa
My last day at my 2nd vacation  .............. back to my 1st vac but my 3rd vac is comin very soon lol ......Confused yet lol
my last day being sixteen. 
My last day here in North Dakota. It went ny so fast. I really am going to miss this place and the people i have met here.  Home tomorrow!
My last day in Arizona!   I'm really sad! I don't want to go back to Texas!!
My Last Day In Maui Is Tomorrow  I'll Miss It.
My last day in MN before heading back to PDX  http://mypict.me/4eZk
My last day in nyc. 
My last day in Paris. Definitely not ready to leave Europe yet  fly out in AM. Will call when get to  ATL
My last day in va bveach 
My last day in Vancouver.  I don't want this trip to end.
My last day of class with Cliff 
my last day of spring break..... 
My last day of vacation before driving home  too much to do to fit into one day. I don't want to go back yet!!
my last day off, it rained, my next day of is monday and its supposed to rain. im not joking when i say it always rains on my days off 
my last day tomorrow of skool  the old vola memories !!!!!!!
my last day with kenneth before he abandons me for europe 
my last day with my computer for a whole week 
My last day working at Mystic Sbux today...   At least I get to see all the good people!
My last ever lecture is at 5pm 2moro!!!    Gona b so sad!!!     
My last exam was horrible, what is an informal support service? I sat there for 1hour doing nothing! I managed to miss out on 49 marks 
My last few days with my beloved laptop 
My last Friday at The Tonight Show.  But hey, Wilco on Wednesday!
My last night bein 13  oh well goodnight .....ZZzzz
My last night in Thailand and I have to wake up at 4:45 tomorrow morning 
My last night in the city that never sleeps 
My last night on this tour 
My last non reply was supposed to be sent to a friend.  
My last performance as percussionist for our school's musicals 
My last rehersals for the play is tomorrow.  im going to miss my playshop-mates!! 
My last ten followers have been marketing spammers 
My last tweet dedicated to the Apprentice of 2009!  It has been a good three months! Good luck to all ppl involved! #apprentice
My last Tweet didn't make it.    Oh, well- I had fun at Star Trek.  I got another pepperoni pizza and took half of it home with me.
My last tweet of the night  goodnight twitterers
My last tweet was a lie. I can't sleep. 
My last week of being 22  http://myloc.me/2gvO
My last week of having nothing to do is coming to an end.  but this hard work is all going to be worth it.
My last weekend at jeff and my 3rd floor male nurse crush isn't working. 
my last weekend with a tuscaloosa address  oh well  money money yeah yeah!!!
My lawyer just called me... I have a crud ton of work to do for the estate  So much for relaxing at home this weekend...
My LC is in three days  I;m scared, I wanna get into college so much!
my lecture starts in 4 min 
My left arm is aching. I probably strained it in the morning when taking motorbike out from garage 
my left eye hurts. 
my left eye is causing all sorts of problems for me today, so now i have blurry vision &amp; a headache on top of my lack of sleep... yikes 
my left knee is hurting like a bitch and i don't have my brace with me.  sleep will be a good cure, i hope!
My left leg, I miss you. Get well soon. 
My lEFT SiDE OF My M0UTH iS NUMb 
my left wrist hurts 
My leg has fallen asleep like, 5 times.  BUT, i cannot wait for Mark Wahlberg in The Lovely Bones. :&gt;
my leg has gone dead 
my leg hurts 
my leg is blooding, its interesting, buut still hurting 
My leg is still feeling sore  9 days !
my leg is throbbing  boo green line boooo
My leg isn't the only thing that hurts 
my leg still hurts, limping around. lol. im eating 3 yogurts, im never going to get fat this way 
My leg still hurts. 
my leg.. i think its broken orsmth. yesterday i jumped on some trampoline and then sprain my leg. and that hurts so much  .
My lego castle is awesome, but it hurt my neck from the building 
my legs ache 
My legs ache, my back ache, my hands ache; everything aches.  Listening to 'Coffee &amp; Cigarettes' by Michelle Featherstones (on repeat) 
my legs ache. you have to walk 2o minutes to get anywhere here 
My legs and abs are so sore...not good for walking around hershey all day 
my legs are actually killing me, went for a bath to try and cool my skin, felt like i was being slashed! 
My legs are bleeding.  Bored.
My legs are gonna be sore tomorrow 
My legs are hurting. 
my legs are killing me now, tv is in another room I can't keep running back here for tweeting  bye from here folks.. will just watch now
my legs are killing me today 
my legs are pale, bruised and not looking nice at all.  this dress looks best without tights but i might just have to ruin it 
my legs are peeling already  i should sleep before finals.... nah
my legs are so tired, I feel like they might fall off!!!!!  
My legs are sooooo sore  having a hard time walking....leading worship tonight
My legs are sore 
my legs are sore from..nothing? they really hurt 
my legs are soreee!  needs a rest on sundays..
My legs feel restless and I'm having trouble falling asleep now 
My legs hurrt 
My legs hurt from running yesterday 
my legs hurt from the sun burn  also, why when i lie down does my hair reach my waist, where as it's not that long when i stand up?
my legs hurt like crap from walking all day 
My legs hurt so bad! 
my legs hurt so bad!  they feel like they're going to fall off
My legs hurt soooo bad! I want to cut them off! I dont wanna be any taller! Growing hurts 
My legs r rly sore from working all week. I wanna massage 
my legs wont stop hurting ugh...I hope I get a chance to sleep b4 work 
My legs, my arms, head, and my wrist hurts. :/ i hate it. Its bad 
My legs... Hurt.. So.. Bad. 
my leo portal isnt working like i want it to  i cant check my final grades, wtf... im worrying... and to top that off i have class at 8am
My life consists of charts and graphs when all i really want is waves and sand! 
my life feels like a train wreck right now 
my life fuckin sux 
My life has become one of piles, both electronic &amp; physcial. If it's really important, a pile may actually get addressed. Sorry emailers 
My life has been totally destroyed by a jealous jerk who cant handle the fact that he screwed up and lost me 
My life has hit rock bottom, my mom got OS 3.0 before I did. I'm so ashamed. 
My life is a black hole that just never wants to end. It's just taking me deeper and deeper. I am losing my mind. 
my life is ever so thrilling- i'm 20, home @ 10, eating wheat thins, watching fresh price; still unemployed   &gt;:o  :'( FuuCkkMYlyyFe.
my life is getting down, gay guys for me and i realased that i don't know to much about friends 
my life is in shambles  *tears*
My life is just a big misconception. Need some serious XSL to translate this one. Picked up a @lilblip apparently still sick. 
my life is NOT pure 
My life is one big drama, but I love it. Gonna miss my girlies and lesbian kisses 
my life is over. goodbye world. 
My life is so boring and pointless now... i hate it and i have no one to hang out with. someone rescue me 
My life is so complicated right now. I really wish I could talk to &quot;him&quot;. Everything is always so much clearer then.  R.I.P Grandpa I &lt;3 U
MY LIFE IS SO COMPLICATED. 
My life just shattered into a million pieces.  cant believe this happened. No sleep for me tonight 
My life pretty much sucks right now. 
My life seems so incomplete without my STOLEN iPod. Boo! 
my life seems so much greater than i thought. didn't know that til i missed home so much 
my life suck too @myfreakyself 
My life sucks without them. And they don't know I exsist. 
My life sucks. Totally stranded in the mall parking lot waiting on dominique's parents to come and jump my car. 
my life through my eyes... 4 times a week... 
My life will be over if Torres goes to Chelsea ... 
My life won't grow up @naturallyalise It's just a &quot;Baby Boy.&quot; It's not the Real McCoy. 
My lifee be like... Wtf. 
my lifee sux compaired to Demi's and Miley's! i wish i was best friends with them! 
my like offically stinks! i hate lit!!! quiet one this weekend.. to much shit to do. Btw, Ow hasnt txtd 
My lil brother is at home 
My lil head hurts 
My lil' man is sick 
My lil sis just rained on my parade 
My lil sister is sick. Hope she gets better soon 
My limo driver would know where to go, but, he is on holidays 
My lip hurts  imma kill somebody in they're sleeeep!
my lip just randomly started bleeding and pretty badly too  i didnt do anything to it??
my lip piercings have been killing me lately  I'm not sure whyy. fml&lt;/3
my LIPA friend just knocked on the door to tell me I am going to be amish again for the next hour  
my lips are so chapped they're bleeding 
My lips are SO dry! All this stupid saxaphone playing has ruined them  And I'm sure eating a grapefruit didn't help much...
My lips hurt and I'm incredibly tired!  I wish I could skip class again!   On the upside, I am off of work tomorrow &amp; Friday!
My lips really, really hurt right now.  Apparently nectarines have an even stronger effect than apples. 
my lip's swollen. do i take out my ring? what do i do? 
my list of things to come is just too good 
My little &quot;feets&quot; hurt 
my little baby dog is sitting on me right now and i can feel the stitches 
My little body is so scratched up from kitty Tegan. Oww 
My little bro leaves for bootcamp today. 
my little brother broke his wrist.  stupid playground.
my little brother is going to be in junior high next school year. he's growing up so fast, i want it to stop 
My little china duckie dish that I've had since I was a baby just fell off the shelf and smashed  Woe.: My little china duckie dish tha..
My little Claudi is sick today 
my little cousin is forcing me to put applications on facebook and i can't say no 
My little daughter had a asthma attack last night, I really hate it  Now I'm so tired but so much work today...
My little girl had her first dance class tonight  Ballet and tap. I missed but but I heard from her dad that she was in her glory 
My little girl is officially a high school senior now!  
my little girl is turning 3 this weekend, and her gift is sold out   Hopefully we will not need to cross border shop again this year
My little girl sounds like she ate a frog. Poor thing. She usually gets a croupy cough with this. 
My little godson is in hospital  so worried! Listening to @delta_goodrem Angels in the Room to make me feel better!
my little gril turned one today 
My little kid is giving me run for the life, literally! 
My Little Lana is sick  poor baby...
My little man is getting stitches 
My little man is leaving for the weekend 
My little man is sick...poor guy     I didn't know that much snot could come out of a three year old!
My little man turns 6 today, where is time going 
My little motorcycle is sad I have a broken hand. He wants me to ride him, and I wish I could. Very sad 
my little one is having tummy issues  off to sleep while he is calm again. I've gotta wake up early for a newborn session!
My little one is sick today.  
My little orange mouse died, and left his little black mouse friend to be lonely. 
my little pinky finger hurts so much.. 
My little princess is being very cranky this morning 
My little schoolbreak is over and I'm going back to school tomorrow  But I'm happy about all the stuff I bought in Varberg/Ullared. &lt;3
My little sister collar bone is broken 
My little sister is going home today 
My little sister is microwaving popcorn. I love popcorn. I have braces. I hate braces. No popcorn for me. 
My little sunshine (my dog) needs some serious attention right now and I have no energy to give it to him 
My little turkey is feeling alot better. Still no walking for at least 2-4 weeks..   His pain is better.
My littlesister fall down to stairs  it was terribly 
My liver needs a break, as do the rest of my internal organs. Only 2000 calories today. Masseuse unleashed every toxin back into my body. 
My loaf didnt spring back up! 
My loft room is like a sauna today, I wouldn't mind, but I have to spend the whole day packing 
My lola is at the vet getting fixed  i miss my loloh's!  and now mommy's surgery got delayed til the 29th?? ugh! i'll be gone by then!!
My lola's (grandma) in the ER... H2O got in her heart and she cant breathe right  ... Hope shes gonna be okay...
my LOM machine crashed  luckely I had a new one ready 4 me.
My loneliness is like the night air. Invisible to the eye, but obvious to the touch. It is cold uncomfortableness... *sigh* 
my loneliness never leaves 
My long weekend has gone far too quickly, can't believe i'm back at work later 
my long weekend in Sweden was lovely, but way too short  now on my way back to Dublin, then Malta for the rest of the week (4 business!)
my longest nail just broke!  back from gym, really beat..
my longhorns: what's the score to the baseball game? i don't like baseball but we're freaking awesome and i can't watch! 
My lounge is now an exam hall.  I'm so sad  http://tinyurl.com/ogk7t8
My love is in San Antone. I can't sleep easily without him here. 
My love is sleeping now... wish I could be there with h... Love u... wanna see u... miss u... 
My love life is old, far away and collecting dust... 
My Love Life is Very .......ummmmm........ Not there 
My love muffin is leaving  -- so is john's 
My love of the Cosby Show makes me feel like I should stay up &amp; watch Bill on Letterman. It might make me sad to see him so old, though 
my lovely tan is peeling off 
My lower back hurts!!! 
My lower back was aching all through the night  I have to fix my posture! This also reminded me of how old I'm getting *sigh*
my lower body hurts! 
My lower-left molar stings whenever it comes into contact with sugar of any sort 
My lumbar hurt...  weird
My lunch break is over so time to go back to work. I wish I could just go home now 
my lunch gave me the worst belly ache. I hate garlic 
my lunch sucked, I have a funny taste in my mouth and a hungry belly 
My mac asks me if I would like to update my system. My PC tells me that windows has updated and that is why it restarted without warning 
My Mac CD slot is frozen. Every now and then it opens up and I have to race to put a CD/DVD in...what do I do?! 
My Mac is slow  I hope it is going to be OK.
my mac suddenly won't connect to wireless...  anyone know why?
my macbook battery suckssss!  100 and fucking 40 dollars for a new one :/
my macbook has 1% battery  #wheresmycharger
my macbook has been running slow lately  wonder if it has a virus...? i thought macs didn't get viruses! maybe it has the swine flu???
My macbook has some terrible cracks on the bottom case.  Apple wouldn't fix it because they said I dropped it although I didn't. 
MY MACBOOK IS ARRIVED AT MY HOUSE. And I am at work 
my macbook is fucked and won't turn on...i miss it already 
my macbook is starting to crack at the bottom.. is this normal !?!?! 
My Macbook Pro is begging me to play with it. Too bad I have work to do. 
My MacBook Pro is no longer snappy. Nothing opens instantly anymore. Bouncing dock icons all over the place 
my Macbook runs the Sims 3, but in a very shitty state...  At least my sister's computer plays it.
My Macbook screen in a constant state of flicker 
My MacBook seems to have crashed so now I'm stuck with my parents' pc 
My MacBook won't pick up my wifi anymore  bad times.
MY MACBOOK'S HARD DRIVE HAS DIED!!! HELP ME!! I HAVE NEVER BACKED UP AND EVERYTHING IS LOST... 
my mac's hd is gone... 
my magic 
My magic bag is mia, so frozen veggies for my rotator cuff. I'm thinking it's a tear. If it's still bad tomorrow, hospital probably 
My maid just ruined my ipod.. she like.. burned it or something.. it has this ugly looking stain on the screen.. 
My mailing address is not my practice's address (&amp; I have no access to mail there) but Bing won't let me enter 2 addr 4 verification. 
My makeup is melting off my face 
My make-up look today: smokey gray (to match the weather) and caramel brown lips. No base make-up  (can't find it) http://mypict.me/4rgC
My mama, sister, and neice are leaving today. It makes me sad.        I wish them a safe road trip.
my mamma get on my nerves 
My man crush Jake Peavy let me down  #gayforpeavy
My man is out for the day 
my manager is driving f****** crazy. missed my buddy tonight  at work 
My manager is yelling at me for twittering at work...i'm about to get my phone taken away!! 
My manager just quit 
my mangaer didn't give me edc off  .....&quot;its because our managers don't understand that edc is like a religious holiday&quot; -GLOW lmao
My marios sicky poo     I'm just home watchinn the hills n chillaxin
My Marist Thinkpad arrived in the mail.  Still upset I need to leave my beautiful Mac at home 
My massage got cancelled again!!!!  
My massage w/ @armorymassage was wonderful! Now shopping @ the mall for wedding clothes. By myself.  oh, look, @DunkinDonuts...
my mate that broke his leg today out dirt bike riding is now in surgery, but may never be able get on a bike again 
My mate's abandoned me today...not sure where she is and she hasn't texted me or anything 
my mates listen to so much crap on you tube!! 
My math class looks hard 
my maths test made me hate maths even more. it was way too hard. 
My Mausi isn't @ Home  I tried to call her two minutez ago...
my MD is a butcher  I still can't wear high heels N no way I can go running, boohooo. Need some healing powers...
My memory card's being annoying. 
My memory sucks.  wish I were an elephant.
My mexicans graduate today and go home! Lots of crying today I'm sure 
My mic is fried 
My middle speaker blew out!  Oh well time for a new sound system! Got any suggestions?
My mighty mouse is not so mighty, this morning, can't scroll up 
My MIL ruined my Mother's Day. 
My mileycyrus edit wont uploaaaaaaaaaaad  I ask my daddy to fix it =]
my mind hurts... i knew it was possible to get a headache.. but never thought it possible to get a mind ache  So ready for this to be over
my mind is on west coast time right now and I need to go to bed.  It's 1am my time yet I'm wide awake 
my mind is racing ... b/c of 4 words he wrote.  I hate him, but I hate her most. ... and I can't keep from falling for him 
my mind is trippin...i wanna say &quot;Eff it&quot; and let it all go..but i cant     http://tinyurl.com/nkp8pl
my mind keeps replying the time that jonathan cook winked at us, saying &quot;i'll post something up on my twitter about plans for later&quot; 
my mind seems to wander just before i go to sleep  Wanna sort a prob out but scared il make it worse and defo wnt b able to concentrat ...
my mind's not where its supposed to be 
My mini vacation is officially over 
My mini vacation is over. 
my mino cam is fucked up 
My mktng/vp is in LA for tonight's game - I'll be with my banker- eating Thai, begging for new funding, watching the game on a 60in TV.  
my mob has been out of charge all day..  anyway off to tuitions.. hope i dnt feel too sleepy..
My Mobile camera got kind of doomed.. I thought to buy a new camera phone.. now thinking different, Economic slowdown 
My mobile giving me real trouble,now another strange thing happens an MMS goes to an unknown person without me sending it 
My mobile phone died. So, that's probably why I haven't been answering it. Sorry. 
My moccasins are totallyyyy shot!  I NEED CUTE FLATS!
My mojo has gone walkabout too Legs 
My mom &amp; little sis just left.. I'm so sad.. Miss them sooo much already..  http://myloc.me/401b
My mom bought durians back 
my mom called me a cunt one time nd it really hurt my feelings 
My mom calls me Mogwai and I'm totally living up to it today.  I'm stuck in this stupid shopping center cause I can't go in the sun 
My mom came over and woke me up 
My mom decided today was &quot;summer cleaning&quot; so I have to clean out my closet, my drawers, and under my bed. Ahhhh 
My mom didn't let me on earlier. 
my mom doesn't love me, no UP 
my mom forgot about me.  
My mom got my hopes up I forgot it was tuesday and sytycd isn't on 
my mom had a root canal today. i feel bad for her 
my mom has changed  i want my old mommy back
my mom has major pms today. 
My mom has to work tonight and I have to 'babysit' Mila, so I cant invite friends at home 
My mom hasn't been online for weeks! I wonder what's wrong? &quot;MMMMMOOOOMMMMYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHERE ARE YOU?&quot; 
My mom hav twitter! What am i suppose 2 do! MY LIFE will b gone! I can't post my thoughts, can't communicate w my friends teenager way! 
my mom is crying  im sorry mom. iloveyou.
My mom is doing the stanky leg... 
My mom is driving my nuts this morning, and i have a cold 
My mom is going back to China tomorrow...  Good luck and i love u mom! Have great time in Guangzhou! Hope to see you again soon!
My mom is going to atl in the morning to see my brother...to go or not go...hmm will make me sad seeing him soo probably not 
My mom is going to get the nephews and bring them here... Guess I am not watching Ghost Adventures at all. 
My mom is in DC for mothers day. Sad huh? 
My mom is leaving today  been a great visit.
my mom is making me donate clothes. I hate getting rid of stuff. 
My mom is moving out of the house I grew up in. I want to climb the old tree one more time. Can't get there 
My mom is snoring loud and it's hard to sleep 
My mom is so dumb...she won't let me leave my house. 
My mom is still sick 
My mom is washing my hair at the salone. Her first and most definitely last time. 
My mom jusst punched me 
my mom just called and woke me up now i can't get back to sleep.. 
My mom just fucked up my whole night. I can't go to my bestfriend's house.  6 more months &amp; I'll be grown, can't tell me nothin'!
My mom just said she needed biger balls... Puffy ks kid 
My mom just sold my dog 
My mom just took my iPod For 5mins to make me clean up doq poop 
my mom just won $25 in a box of cheerios that i was eating, fml i could of used that and it was rightfully mine  haha
my mom keeps telling me i smell 
my mom makes me feel bad about wanting the coffee toffy twisted frosty that she promised me like 2 weeks ago. 
My mom maybe getting me a new phone !! Bt she's stil considering . 
My mom messed up my hair cut!!! even though she practically yelled at me saying that she understood what i wanted to be cut 
my mom needs to come home from the shore!! i miss her 
My mom needs to stop telling me to stop stressing...it's stressing me out more! Dang OCD 
MY MOM NEVER CAME HOME AND CALLED REALY EARLY BUT I WAS A SLEEP AND NOW SHE WONT ANSWER THE PHONE AND SHE IS NOT AT WORK I AM SCARED! 
My mom only thinks i'm pretty when I brush my hair. 
My mom pinched me because i was falling asleep in church  i feel awful but i didn't have my coffee 
My mom says i have 2 go bowling with my sister on saturday. 
my mom STILL isnt home and its 10pm and im freaking out!!! someone plz comfort me  
My Mom told me that I must school in Belitung Island..! And my Dad ist's up to me... Huuhh.. 
My mom took away my space heater 
My mom took the bacardi with her.  Damn.
My mom wanted EVEN my name to come up &quot;First&quot; but then I end up showing &quot;first&quot; in all deliquency lists 
my mom wants me to write something interesting but i guess im a boring person 
My mom was about to get me Sims 3 but it was SOLD OUT! 
My mom was going to make me waffles for breakfast, but the power went out. 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
My mom will not pick up her phone.......hate when that happends! 
my mom woke me up by yelling to @jml1015 and i don't have to go to work for another five hours and now i can't get back to sleep 
My mom woke me up early on my day off 
my mom wont buy me the new jonas brothers cd  lines vines and trying time
My mom wont let me take a jacket 
My mom won't let me wear convers with my dress 
my mom woudnt let me get a hermit crab.  i was going to name it hermie.
My mom would have to rate numberr 3 in 'Worst mothers ever. ' 
My momma cut my hair and i think she cut waaaay too much 
my mommie called me bad girl cuz I ripped half da window screen 
My mommy burnt me with really hot grease in my wrist!! 
My mommy has left 
My Mommy is hater twitts I will admit it  lol @guerillamilk thinks its funny but not me  lol
My mommy is making me clean my room 
My mommy is miserable and so am I 
my mommy made me take off my shoes 
My mommy only gives me rice and lamb dog food...I never get to eat yummy food 
My Mommy said I lost weigh. I mean when you eat one meal a day 'cause your broke-- it's bound to happen 
my mom's a KJ. she's going to take me to grocery shopping, even if i don't want to. 
my mom's bathing in the rain. can't join. i have a cold. haha, sayang 
My moms been in the hospital since one for a stress test. I hope she's okayyy 
My mom's bothering me to read and run on the treadmill. 
My Moms Buying McDonalds...Wooo...I Eat Too Much Fast Food 
My mom's cockatiel just died. 
my mom's giving me the silent treatment 
My mom's mad  am I grounded??
my mom's not very friendly right now and I'm not sure I like it 
My moms Season 3 of Weeds got burnt up in a family friends mobile home. 
My moms singing is terrible  sorry mom but it is. ahah love you though. I want some coca colaaaa
My mom's too busy to even get me my phone and apply for a new line. 
My moms watchin oprah on mute i thought this chick was a guy until i turned the vol up, shes homeless  dumb economy
My momsz is in tears 
My money isn't showing up on SpyMaster 
My Monitor is broken 
my monkey baby on c4 tonight i want one now 
My Monsters are huge!! lol kids grow way too fast! 
My month really sucks in SD... gloomy, cloudy, and misting... makes me SAD 
my months-long streak of awesome saturday nights came to a sputtering, sweaty, embarrassing end last night 
my morning is seriously not a good nor happy one at all 
My morning tea is all scone 
My most hardcore gaming moment was probably playing COD4's single player on the highest difficulty setting. GH3's TTFAF wasn't as hard 
my most not favorite thing. packing 
my mother def just blew me and syced me all at the same time...no more piercings 
my mother has utterly disappointed me and resorted to using premade cookie batter for choc chip cookies 
my mother is going to be acting like a bitch all day . i guess my shopping plans are RUINED 
My mother is on the asshole roll today. She lost my keys and now I'm locked out of my room. 
My mother left moldy food out and now i'm having a small allergic reaction  ugh and i'm at work.
My mother made me go to bed early. 
my mother was talking to my dog...SHIT 
My mother, on the other hand... 
my mother's annoying 'cuz she won't let me move to my dad 
My mother's helper is here! My mother's helper is here! She's playing tetherball with my kids, so I don't have to. Sadly, I have to work. 
My mouse has broken  the USB thing won't go in properly... I HATE touchpads!
My moustache betrays my blondeness  #spoonerist
my mouth hurts from burning it by eating chips! 
My Mouth hurts from getting my braces tightened  painful experience !!! 
My mouth hurts!!! 
My mouth hurts!!!! I had to get a pengulum-PROBABLY SPELLED WRONG!- on the roof of my mouth... Toung is all bumpy 
my mouth hurts. 
my mouth hurts.. wisdom teeth growing in  jaw sore. waaahhh. im such a complainerrrr
My mouth is all numb as just been to the dentist  it feels weird
My mouth is hurting soo fucking bad! My jaws are so swollen, I guess I'll pop some more pills! Hope this shot kicks in ASAP 
My mouth is now on fire 
my mouth is numb  i feel kinda dumb.. but no one can tell so i'll pretend i feel swell. booyah!
My mouth is offically numb haha ehh 
my mouth is on fire,and i have heartburn,thank you hot and spicy chicken 
My mouth is so numb! Grah!! I dislike having a horrid mouth. 
My mouth is sore  stupid braces!
my mouth is wanting to turn down  . . . discovered i have another paper due tomorrowwww, that makes 2 now ughhh &amp; i failed 2 quizzes.
My mouth misses my wisdom teeth... 
My mouth tastes like pennies 
My move has failed  she called me to find out where I was LOL busted!-
my movie was terrible  hahaha i won't put it in youtube... i guess...
my mozilla has crashed and wont work anymore!so as explorer.now has resulted to google chrome. i miss my bookmarks 
My MP3 player died 
My mp3 Player that I have been waiting for finally is here! But, I don't know how to download music into it... that is my only problem. 
my MP5 is broken  
My Mr. Noodles are not as yummy as i was expecting   disappointing!
My msn is being hacked  Hopefully it will go away because I have just changed my password 
my msn is not wooorking  WHY NOT?!
my msn is not working 
My msn's retarded 
my much anticipated ear candling appointment for today has been postponed 
my mudy plum 
my mum always screams at me 
My mum and chris just put me in a bin  http://twitpic.com/69zhb and http://twitpic.com/69zig
MY MUM CAME BACK!!!  I'm soooo happy she's here again...I've missed her 
My mum dropped a Spider on my bed! Now she can't find it!  FUCK.
My mum goes and sees Oasis tomorrow  I'm going to be so lonely, without her. I sound like a right 'tard, lmfao.
my mum is getting her stuff ready  she's leaving tomorrow    booo im not gonna see her till christmas.. or maybe Halloween
my mum is looking at the florida brochure.  cept i still want to go to ny. but the flights are from glasgow straight to florida. so idk 
My mum is so angry at my nan :/  Its making me upset 
my mum is so brave she is flyin all the way to Oz on her own. not gonna c her for 2 weeks  i love her!
My Mum is very poorly in hospital pneumonia 
My mum just bought a pack of 30 dollar sweets that taste so bad i had to go to the toilet to spit it out  - http://tweet.sg
my mum just dragged me out of bed 
my mum just made me eat a whole bowl of turtle jelly, it was horribe 
my mum just told me i have to get a needle tomorrow. WHAT?! but i have hockey training tomorrow.. 
my mum n dad said now we only going to spend 2 weeks at the end of July only 
my mum said I can't travel  because of swine flu!!!!
my mum upgraded our internet speed but why does it seemed even slower now ( is it just my kene-buang-kat-tong-sampah-free-laptop? 
my mum was NOT happy with my report 
My mum won't go buy me a nose stud because she's got more important things to do like &quot;cleaning&quot; 
my mumma got me the new Empire! and a pitta with greek salad in for lunch! having a good day, although no revision 
my mummy fell down the stairs on Sunday morning and is now stuck with a hugely swollen knee and crutches 
My mummy found another lump 
My mum's taking the computer  *cries* talk about lame
My muscles are sore 
My muscles are very sore 
My musical taste has gone from bad to worse; I shouldn't be allowed to open iTunes after this one. 
My Myspace as Been Hacked 2Times A Day ... Fuck I Really Am Famous 
my myspace is being retarded and won't let me chang my layout!!! 
MY MYSPACE WAS DELETED! 
My nail broke 
my nail cut came off  it was SO SO SO long *crys*
my nail got stuck every time i 'genjreng' the guitar. huu. 
My nail polish is peeling on my finger nails..that's not good at all  another Mani+pedi this week 
My nails are short. 
my nails are so sore 
my nails hurt 
My nails r pink, sky is blue, grass is green(ish) darcys ear is red (again  vet time) and I am content + cheerful (hear that contractor!)
My name is Butterflyshoes and it has been 4.5 months since my last cigarette. I wish they weren't so unhealthy 
My name is Earl TV series is officially dead  Why? Such a good cliffhanger at the end of last episode. 
My named disappeared on Anoop's follower list. 
my nan didn't even want to hug me today because i am sick 
My nan woulda turned 71 today 
my nano died   Ordered a refurb replacement
My nap only lasted an hour, 
My nap was ruined by idiot neighgbor  has not been a good day http://myloc.me/4Hyd
my naptime has been replaced by cardio time. it will all be worth it in the end.. right? 
My navigation on my phones not workinf for me and I don't have directions down yet!  FML
My neck &amp; shoulders are killing me! Very stressful couple of weeks. I so want a new job but it looks like that won't be happening soon 
my neck (and coincidentally whole left side of my upper body) is in SUCH pain!!! i think i may've pulled a muscle? 
my neck aches... 
My neck and shoulder hurt 
my neck hurts 
My neck hurts a lot. 
my neck hurts so bad 
my neck hurts so bad from that bathing suit!!A row a blisters where the strap was....  -ordered a new one last night..
My neck hurts.  I think I slept on it funny 
My neck is about to asplode. Owww. 
my neck is fucking killing.... need proper pillows 
my neck is killing me 
My neck is really fuckin sunburnt! Shit it's gonna be horrible tomo  Redneck D x
My neck is so sore from sleeping on the couch. 
my neck is still hurting! oh and the thing i have is torticollis. its a neck spasm otherwise known as rye neck.. i went to the ER today 
My neck is STILL SORE from sleeping crooked last night  It's sooooooo sore! It hurts to TOUCH IT.
My neck really hurts! 
My neck still kills  Also Sundays still suck! lol
My neck. It does not want to bend. Or Twist. DAMN IT! Time for a handful of painkillers 
My neice Rayeana comes home tomorrow i'm excited..at work bored nd half asleep 
My neighborhood is soooo quiet.  Except when it's not.  Shoulda done the heavy-concentration work before the neighbor's party started... 
my neighbors are singing AGAIN  help..
my neighbors are way too loud on the weekends. 
my neighbor's rottweiler gave me mean looks this morning 
My neighbour is gardening topless. He looks like Peter Griffin 
My neighbour is havin a rather noisy party and its past bedtime 
My neighbours are cretins 
My neighbours are listening to music in their shed out the back and it's too loud  Boo!!
My neighbour's moving 
my neoprene sleeve for my new MacBook Pro just arrived - still waiting for the computer...think it's on a &quot;slow boat from China&quot; 
my nephew hurt his head and is in the ER &amp; aunt kt is being an overprotective cry baby 
My nephew is on his way back home. I miss him like mad! It is semi sweet when he waves &amp; screams &quot;I LOVE YOU, JESSI!&quot; 
my nephew is wishing good luck for the protests. even an 8 year old's concern is freedom. 
my nephew makes me want an ease daman jr. 
My nephews are both growing up so quick and I'm not there to see it happening. Feels like I'm missing everything and makes me all teary 
My nephew's concerned about one of my dolls. He thinks it's dead. 
My nerves are already shooting through the roof and I haven't even got there yet 
My nerves are really getting to me! I don't want to leave @Lexiefrise or her Boyfriend  :'(
My net died so yeah....  I'm sad now   
my net is so fucking unstable today it keeps dropping out 
My net is still not working..  what the hell is wrong with mtnl.. :-x
My net on the PC is now officially dead as my USB has broken..  sadness..
My Net-book run FL Studio 8. but she manage. 
My network is playing tricks on me this morning... Guess I have to do more things off line today 
My network is randomly disconnected. And I want to know why 
My new assistant is just not working out - no attention to detail - I spend more time now fixing her errors than doing my own work! 
My new cheap gladiator sandals are too big. 
My new computer (parts) arrives today from Newegg. Feels like Christmas  Forgot I needed 120mm case fan oops  will build anyway. ;-]
my new dress looks sort of...horrible   http://twitpic.com/64mdc
my new haircut makes me look like a man.  drag me to hell was the worst movie ever!!!
My new lappy battery and memory got delayed for weeks from Dell, grrr. I got no working battery, tethered to AC for a while. 
My new light-room studio burned last night, today is a sad day 
my new mac just ate my cd it wont come out! 
my new medication is messing with my sleep. im supposed to go dancing tonite but im so exhausted, this sucks 
My new office is really nice, but I have the side without a window. Which means I don't get to see the pretty lady walk by on Wednesdays. 
My new Olympus is dead as I didnt charge the battery. Beautiful sunset &amp; only camera phone. 
My new phone doesn't believe in apostrophes. The fuck!?! I need my ['] Dammit. How else will I show possession, multiples, abbreviations? 
My new phone isnt as spanky as i thought it was going to be  hmmph
My new photo isn't uploading 
My new place in paddo is so much quieter. It's what I wanted but all of a sudden I'm missing the busy sounds of darlo 
My new poem...Rain rain go away I don't have anymore dry sneakers 
My new shampoo smells overwhelmingly like strawberries, it's kinda making me sneeze alot 
My New sn doesnt work 
my new tour dates... next stop... hospital... sucks.... 
My new Twitter background is NOT the one I chose!  Trying another one.
my next day off; ETA: 2 weeks 
My nice car... such a huge buckle 
My niece graduated from preschool last night....so cute, I wish I could have been there. 
my niece is in the ER. eesh! 
My niece is in the hospital  today is just a bad day. Ugh.
My niece is spending the night.  I don't get to see her near enough. Babysat her everyday from birth till 1st grade. Then she moved. 
my niece just wee'd on me  eww
my nieces are leaving me...sacramento it is  imma miss you changitasss. ahh this shit doesnt get any worse
My nig Kobe sometimes shoot a lil too much...he should've passed it to Ariza  &quot;hero syndrome&quot;
My night is shot! Im mad  I wanted to go out
my night was a bust 
My night was horrible 
My night would be so much better if I didn't have to work at EB  I need to find a real job!!!
my night would be SOOO much better if I was able to spend time with my honey bunches.  imisshim !
my nikon has a sticky lens... meaning it doesn't turn very well. don't know what that means.... 
my ninja has gone off to have adventures without me 
MY NINJA SHOOT IN VENICE...(CA, not Italy   )
my nips are sore. and not for any good reason 
My nips hurt... 
My No Brainer Tweets: Original tweets available on - http://twitter.com/ashtew 05:10 sleepless in mumbai  # 05.. http://bit.ly/Iq9f5
my nooooossssseeeeee 
my normally amazing powers of pursuation (wow, i have no clue if i spelled that correctly at all) over david have failed me tonight 
My Norse god of thunder only took third 
My nose and forehead are really sunburnt 
My nose feels crap, I bet it's the start of a cold 
My nose has been raped 
my nose has gone red and the skin is starting 2 peel off so painful, think sum1 replaced my extra soft tissues wif sandpaper 
my nose has swollen really badly 
my nose hurts and it looks ike ive ben snortng coke.. 
my nose hurts from all the sneezing. 
my nose hurts more than a nose should. boo to hayfever 
My nose is acting up something terrible 
My nose is all jacked up.   
my nose is all stuffy 
My nose is bleeding 
my nose is burned.  i look so stupy.
My nose is chapped, yuck 
My nose is grinding right now 
my nose is itching, stupid chicken. 
My nose is really hurting I don't know what's wrong with it! 
My nose is runny, my head is pounding, and teeth hurt like a bitch. MAN. @-) I feel awful.  =((
my nose is sore fm blowing it alllll day 
my nose is super cold 
My nose just bleeded a huge quantity of red stuff... 
My nose looks like a cherry tomato  Burnttttttttttt.
my nose. it is stuffed. 
my notebook is really slow 
My number of followers dropped from 71 to 69. 
My obsession with eyebrows is grwoing i really need to go to mac  xxx
My octopus exploded in the Microave 
My offfice looks out over a beautiful woodland full of birds, other little critters and a jcb tearing it all down!! UNBELIVABLE..!!!  
my office is a congregation of evil. spirits, devils, demons and ghosts galore. and although i am 正义的化身, i am losing the battle 
My office is a thing of beauty. Now a hot shower and some much needed zzzz's. All work + no play makes Juliet a very dull girl. 
my office is cold... i've got space heater on this morning. what a waste of energy... 
My office looks like a tornado ripped through it. 
My oh my the SATs reminded me of when I did the HSC back in year 12 in high school, memories 
My old cat which I gave to my mother-in-law got hit by a car today 
My old high school is having a graduation today and im feeling a wee bit nostalgic  ... On another note im really liking The Replacements
My old horse isn't competing today  but he is going to a national qualifier event next month at Lemington Spa
My old phone is activated again. Didnt want to do this but my  new phone is takin too long to come in the mail   
my one and only chance to watch alex ferguson chewing gum is gone! And wayne rooney  too bad christiano is gone 
My one night all alone with the TV and no Phillies game 
my online portfolio is down  great...esp when jobs are trying to look at it
my only by the night album- kings of leon effed up on my itunes, so i have to rip it again 
My only regret is not being able to watch any of the ticketed Arts Fest performances this year. 
My only Saturday wish is uTorrent would port itself to Linux! 
My OpenOffice keeps freezing on me.  
My orbea arrives on Friday :-D But today I'm ill 
my orchestra carreer is officially over. 
My orkut doesn't reply!! I can't send scrap for my friends  
my ortho wants everyone to bring their retainer to check ups. HA, retainer? I haven't seen that fucker in years!  
My Orthopedic called, I don't like what I heard, I smell bankruptcy. They want to break the record of  producing most expensive knee. 
My other half is going to china today for two months 
my other half of my is gone.  &lt;\3
my other siblings get to see their friends all the time.  I want to see mine 
My own mom stood me up. 
My owners tv is too loud..my ears hurt 
my package wasn't shipped till today so i won't get it in time 
my palms are sweaty ... this is going down to the wire. I don't like that  #PakCricket
my pancakes arent light enough 
My Panda Express fortune cookie today said &quot;work on improving your exercise routine.&quot; My fortune cookie called me fat. FML 
My Pandora is hitten hard, why can't real radio play great music like this 
My papas bought me a boca bUrger  we grubbed, then he left 
My papa's going back to Australia today!  I'll miss him.
My Papa's in the hospital 
my parade was rained on 
My parent don't love me anymoreee 
my parents are back from the trip. missed them 
My parents are divorced. 6 years. And still they fight. 
My parents are fucking screaming at eachother. 
My parents are going to be the death of me   So much for fathers day tomorrow
My parents are horrible people for having this man redo our kitchen floor on father's day. 
My parents are in Santa Monica?! WTF! Without me! 
My parents are not back from there annerversary dinner! So im here in the dark on my phone with no power!  happy annerversary!!!
My parents are official home aloners after June 3rd. Dang.. That's actually kinda sad. No loud music,no flat iron smell, no sister/fam &lt;3 
My parents are ordering Chinese and I'm stuck with ice cream/ensure/applesauce. Ahhh way to teaseee me 
My parents are prone to overreacting; they're coming all the way back from Ikea to take me to casualty 
My parents are replacing my bed cause it's so old and painful already  Goodbye, bed! We had some gooood times didn't we?! 
My parents are smelly poopy bums 
My parents aren't going to my promotion 
My parents ask me to stay home for dinner. Then wait til forever to feed me..im STARVING. 
my parents attempted to do my laundry for me (again) &amp; made a mess of it (again!) my scarf is ruined, my tshirt discoloured.. so crushed 
my parents dont trust me 
my parents heard me having sex on my honeymoon  their fault for getting the room next to ours
My parents just made me throw away my FAVORITE butterfly flats. RIP 
My parents really suck!!!!! I can never win! 
my parents think i'm stupid 
my parents were in a car accident last night but they are ok! the van? not ok  
My passion in kerrang!! Awesome times.. I miss AFI. Not so awesome times. 
my passport picture came out so bad 
my patience is being tested by my sister and dad. i miss him  &lt;3
My paycheck sucks but @lizziefreshhh you work to much; i miss you when you don't hangout 
my pc crashed grrrrrrrr  tryna get my shit back
my pc crashed twice in the last hour, possibly graphics card overheating.. 
My pc is dying...have to buy a new one...so money bye bye, it was nice having you with me here 
My PC is not working  So I'm gonna use my brother's Pc
my PC just died... again. now i have to find a firewire to save all those photos i havent backed up to the mac yet 
My PC may have just died. Sad times 
My pc's cpu temp spiked to 114c for a moment and I wasn't even overclocking. I don't know why but I know its not good 
my pen stopped working 
My perfect day went to hell.It's burning and can not be recovered. Very worried about my future right now  I even had to call my ex dh.:|
My personal trainer &amp; myworkout buddy @snowshimmers R making me workout when all I want is a martini  Gettin NC ready I guess? Sad times
My personal trainer/one of my best buddies had homework today, so we couldn't run  *getting fatter*
my pet fish died today  RIP QUINDELLA
my phone  .. i forgot my phone ..cry*
My phone battery is dieing 
My phone bill is going to hurt my pockets 
my phone broke  ive lost contact with the outside world...ok not really but i cant text now. or twitter much. did get my room painted tho
My phone broke and its only 2 months old . . . . . . . there has to be something about LG phones that doesnt make them last for very long 
My phone broke so now i'm using my backup 
My phone broke!!! 
My phone broke.  nooooooooooooooooooo
My phone busted last night, crisis mode!  I hope AT&amp;T store can save all my pix and videos of the kids from past 2 years!!      
my phone cannot be fixed 
My phone can't come soon enough 
my phone can't recieve messages. so i can't rep 
my phone charger is broken 
My phone decided to disconnect itself from the internet now i can't get on twitter  'cept for texting in 
My phone died 2 hrs ago. I finally charge it and turn it back on. No texts or missed calls. Sad 
my phone died again...and i can't find the charger part 
my phone died and i forgot my charger in houston 
my phone died and it is like trying to kick drugs not having it... no texts. no qik. no calls to friends. booo hoooo 
My phone died on me. No texting until i reach home. 
MY PHONE DIED!!! 
my phone doesn't really like twitter today. 
my phone doesnt work 
my phone doesn't work  chat with me on mypace or something.
my phone doesn't work  i'm really sad now
My phone fails now, I don't know what's wrong wit it 
My phone feels naked without Brooklyn 
My phone fell down the crack between my bed and my wall.  I'm scared to reach down there.
My phone fell out of my pocket and i kicked it. Now it's all ugly and damaged. 
my phone gets shut off in 1 hour and 9 minutes.  lame
My phone got bombarded by pictures of ugly girls 
My phone got wiped (thanks to jackass tom) I need all your bb pins again  tnx
My phone gotten eaten by a dog. 
My phone had like 3 seconds of life in it this morning. Rubbish 
My phone has been on the charger for like 45 minutes and is still in the red... wtf 
My phone has had no activity 
my phone has reached its final days 
My phone has thin lines across the screen, and the space button don'y work. Bloody shiity thing! 
my phone hates your tweets  i'm only getting like half of them  turning off device updates for a bit
My phone is about to die and im not home so i cant charge it 
My phone is about to die. NOW WHAT WILL I DO? 
My phone is being retarded 
My phone is being stupid. I think it's on the verge of crashing 
My phone is Broke and acting all wierd    Im heading out to see if i can get it replaced now.
my phone is broken 
my phone is broken  FML
my phone is broken  maybe having it in my bra while dancing was a bad idea.
My phone is broken  wtf thats like my life support which is kinda sad but wtf its broken and i bet verizon wont replace it 
my phone is broken! 
My phone is broken.  
my phone is busted  i cant send any messages
My phone is comatose  Please do not text or call me until further notice, as I will not get it :|
My phone is dead 
My phone is dead so I have no contact with anyone and I can't find my charger 
my phone is dead still 
my phone is dead. 
my phone is deciding to be really lame and wont get reception for the internet  not alot of twittering for today.. LAMEE!!
my phone is destroyed. does anyone have a spare at&amp;t phone? 
my phone is dunzo right now 
My phone is dying already 
My phone is dying!!!!! 
my phone is dying. ima have to go.  bye twitteroos!
My phone is dying... 
My phone is dying... OMG what am I gonna do? lOl but its not funny 
my phone is eating my txt msgs. says i have 6 new ones, but my inbox is empty 
My phone is fixed !!!! But I can only get it in like two weeks when we go home  But still, it's my baby even though I kind of hate it..
My phone is fucked, yay! Not only as it stop display text, it appears to have reset to factory defaults. YAY! No texts for me today 
my phone is fuuuucked. texting only, since the speaker doesn't work anymore 
My phone is having issues 
my phone is lost. my ipod is dying. break is over. &lt;|3 
My phone is messed up 
My phone is not recieving tweets  but i can send them? Crazy
My phone is officialy crap. UberTwitter won't work anymore so until my new phone gets here, I'll be lightweight MIA. 
My phone is pathetic  xxx
my phone is pretty much dead. it has one bar left on the battery  and i forgot my charger so i think i should sleep
My phone is sick....I think its fatal 
my phone is so broken  getting a new one in a few minutes.. text/call me
My phone is sticky. I dropped a bowlful of Fruity Pebbles on it. 
My phone is still broken. I'm camping with work again so it won't really bother me until tomorrow. Ugh 
my phone is still off  i need my charger
My phone is vibrating and then I can't view texts. Wth. Also, my grandparents are coming to baccalaurretedjiegtreertyuigfd 
My phone isn't getting texts right now which includes all of your wonderful Twits!    I miss you friends!
my phone isn't here yet 
My phone isn't working anymore, please I need a new phone  #trackle
my phone iz dead! i didnt have time to get my contacs n shyt! i wuz goin to da club tonite  fuk mayn daz y always keep yo charger wit u!!!
My phone iz gonna be turned off@mdnight.....so sad. 
My phone just died 
My phone just died  I can't wait until next Friday...something to do. Tuesday I get to go to Dallas to see Claire! fav place and person 
my phone just died! 
My phone keeps eating my sims games 
my phone keeps going out of reception 
My phone keeps shutting down by itself  annoying! Woohoo hi twitter hihihi - http://tweet.sg
My phone keeps turning off. 
My phone looks like it's out of service until I get paid in mid-July 
My phone looks ugly the purple is coming off 
my phone managed to turn itself off during the night so my alarm didn't go off this morning 
My phone might be broken 
My phone officially doesn't work -_- i can still make calls and recieve but i cant see my screen  Still waiting for a new phone
my phone should be ringin off the hook tday with job offers 
my phone silencer is broken and it is oow, awesome 
my phone still doesnt tweet 
my phone still doesn't work 
my phone sucks when it comes to having a big inbox.  I didn't want to get rid of those.
my phone took its first spill to the cement.  done shooting. feels like i've been pumping iron all day. arm is sore!
My phone tweets aren't working for some reason  ... but i'm taking a nap now
MY PHONE WON&quot;T LET ME TEXT!!!!!! i'm so crying.   
My phone won't charge. 
My phone won't let me call @charlieskies and say creepy things. 
my phone won't let me update twitter so i dont think i'll be on often 
My Phone Won't Turn On!  
My phone won't update 
My phone's away to get fixed. Nearly 2 week's without it. Arrrg 
My phones bout to die 
my phones broken  still works i just have to wiggle it a lil (pause?)
My phone's broken, only the keypad works 
My phones broken; have to go to the optus store tomorrow. I can't tweet or go on PALRINGO (spelt right  @ma3hem)  late at night 
My phone's letting me down  I have to use a crappy GAY phone ! &amp; I lost everyones number.
My phone's lowbat. See? I tweeted too much 
my phone's screen cracked 
My phone's so fucked 
my pic hasn't posted to twitter yet 
my pic wont show up 
my pics submission was better than some selected, for the iGoogle student photography contest 
MY PICTURE BROKE 
my picture didn't work 
My Picture is always a question mark.  I don't want to be a question mark 
my picture is still gone. 
My picture is still missing!!  Where is it Twitter CS??
my picture isn't showing 
my picture isn't showing.... 
my picture isnt working!! 
my picture looks stupid 
My picture still didn't show  I'll try again in the morn I guess...
My picture still won't show 
my picture won't change! 
my picture wont come up  it keeps saying thats a nice picture! but where is it??
My picture wouldn't change  Maybe it will in a few minutes...
my pictures arent uploadinggggg, im sad 
my pictures not working, tweets! i need help  x
My piercing hurts  can't wait for it to heal!! and I can eat solid food again!
my piercing hurts really bad now.  whyyyyyyyyyyyy???!!!!!?!!!
my piggy got super dirty 
My piggy tails are crooked. 
my pillow is the best companion i've ever had.. and it's falling apart.. and i will cry my eyes out when it comes time for a new one. 
my pimple is still visible. and it looks like i pierced my nose..  so yea its on the &quot;bestest&quot; spot ever.
My pink suitcase is too small for all my clothes so I have to use a the most acient and ugliest green one ever!  It dosent even have a
My pizza from Bj's last night is still in my car.  Hope it's still good I'm starrvingg.
My plan has just been ruined!!! 
My plan is foiled  http://twitpic.com/7wbcs
My plan to stay single until the hsc finishes....seems so fucking far away. hmphhh. 
My plans for today got screwed up, and it's raining so that makes my day double sucky! 
my plans got cancled today 
My plans you ask (or didn't) for a Fri night?  I'll be working on a take-home final!  
My plant just took her own life. Jumped out the window 
My plants are dying faster than farah fawcett 
My plants are dying, I am a crappy gardner 
my plaster fell off  &amp; my whole body aches
my playstation has been broken for 3 weeks now 
my plumbing is being fixed now i gotta take a cold shower i really dont want to 
my pod broke down.. gotta get out and fix it  boooo hoooo 
My podcasts in iTunes can never be empty 
my point illustrated by @JamesDeengod &gt;&gt;&gt; i was so close to fucking @KimberlyKane in the ass... but then my call time got pushed back 
my ponytail has been threatened and someone told me if they got a hold to it it would be set in a blaze 
my pooch isn't feeling well. I wish I could make him better 
My pool is broken, so we have to take it down this weekend.  ughhhh.
my pool is so cold  i really want to go swimmmming!
my pool water is soooo cold 
my pools gettin drained 
My poor Abbies got Tonsilitis 
My poor apartment is so empty!!   http://twitpic.com/7icuc
My poor babies &amp; Sophia have to get shots today. 
My poor babies are not very well 
my poor baby boy (my dog) can hardly walk 
My poor baby has a fever from those icky shots 
My poor baby has a horrible cough. 
my poor baby has an ear infection - past midnight and im holding a cold flannel to her head. she is only 5 months old 
My poor baby has been at the vets all night 
my poor baby is sick. 
My poor baby is sickey and I have to go to work. 
My poor baby just got stung by a scorpion  I love nature butI hate pests.
My poor baby kitty fell off the balcony yesterday : My poor baby kitty fell off the balcony yesterday 
my poor baby phillip has an ear infection,is on meds 
my poor Bella teething sooo bad last cpl nights 
My poor boy has a terrible cough and stuffy head. Nothing worse than a kid who does not feel well  #fb
My poor boy is coughing and has a fever, feel sorry for the lil' ones when they are sick  And they always want their mommies
My poor boy is sick. 
My poor boys are sick...It's horrible seeing your kids suffer &amp; not being able to make them feel better instantly 
My poor brother 
My poor brother is now trying to dry his shirt with a beer towel! We're both freezing cold  now   http://twitpic.com/6tnnx
My poor brother. 
My poor Bubbles (cat) was just attacked by another cat! 
My poor bunny! Her toenail fell off and she was bleeding a lot so we had to put her in a box so she doesn't get an infection 
My poor car is now $500 in scrap metal. Would have been way less had I not worked my charm. Apparently hard to sell a car with no engine 
my poor cat is having her last meal before going in to have her thyroid removed tomorrow morning 
My poor cat is now sitting in the living room with a fractured pelvis. He smells really bad because he can't support himself to get clean 
My poor didi has gone to BMTC 
my poor dog can barley get up or down the steps  and she's only 3!
my poor dog has had a tough week. and now he has a spider bite 
My poor dog is diabetic. 
My poor dog of 10 years is slowly goin down hill and there is nothin we can do. sad week 
My poor dog ran inside the house to get some shelter.. 
my poor doggy is blind and has walked into walls at least a bazillion times today 
My poor dog's not feeling well.  She threw up an hour ago and now I think she's having a bad dream.  She's whining in her sleep. 
My poor finger.  http://bit.ly/13Ec93
My poor frenchie sis broke her collar on our walk and ran up 2 a lady walking her dogs and the lady kicked her about 10 ft. Poor girl.. 
My poor friend had to get stitches on her forehead because of an accident caused by another friend.  get well soon!!
my poor garden is being rained to death  and my hummingbird family has gone into hiding (i'm up to 4 of them now! oh my!!)
MY poor Gavin. Arm still in a splint, and too swolllen for a cast. Nothing as sad as a depressed six year old.  
My poor grandfather buried 2 daughters, a granddaughter,  and his wife before he died. 
My poor heather, she didnt make the cheerleading squad. Im sorry babygirl. Maybe next year 
My poor kitty,he got all of his shots&amp;had to be put him under anethesia. Now hes all wierd acting 
my poor little baby girl - not feeling good and has an infection 
My poor little baby has a fever from his shots   He looks so miserable
my poor little baby has a stye  #fb
my poor macbook pro has the mystical http://bit.ly/FDZW7  Don't quite know what to do. Apple support said they were still investigating
My poor MacBook so needs a new fan. If I open Picasa or watch video, the poor thing overheats and shuts down in a couple of minutes! 
My poor N had red rough knees yesterday after a day of scooting around everywhere... 
My poor oakley sunglasses are wearing out...need a new pair! 
My poor Perez  I love that guy for speaking his mind, providing me with daily reading, &amp; drawing lil penis faces. Stupid thugs
my poor phone is defective. 
My poor phone is nekkid without its cover. 
my poor pinky!  i guess that's what you get for trying to be a good student! well, no more of that from now on! ;)
My poor pooch (Belle) is sick and I had to leave her @ the animal hopsital.   poor baby
My poor poor car... SUCKS 
my poor puppy has a fractured scapula! He can't do much of anything for 8 weeks  Terrible!
my poor puppy has been throwing up all morning 
my poor puppy is a litle depress 
my poor puppy is freaking out over the storms. 
My poor puppy is out in the cold wind  I'm hurrying home so he can warm up inside with me !
My poor puppy was in surgery all day... She does not look like a happy camper! 
my poor puppy wont stop crying 
my poor puppy won't top crying 
My poor puppys skin is irritated 
My poor Rev 1 iPhone is slowly dying  My volume button stopped working
My poor sausage 
My poor sick baby can not breath through his nose 
my poor sick cakers 
My poor snot nosed baby. 
My poor son put himself to bed tonight. We didn't get to read any of his new books we bought either. 
my poor Sophie kitty is very very sick 
My poor toe.  gah, im falling apart in every aspect. LORD HELP ME!
My poor Tommy is not feeling well. His HepC meds are really kickin' his butt today. 
my poor wife can't get the MMS messages i'm sending her because she's on a 2G iPhone... damn, another reason for her to upgrade first... 
MY POOR YAYA BELLA DIDN'T GET HER SHOTS. HER COLD TURNED INTO BRONCHITIS 
My pop just went into hospital. He apparently had a series of strokes. Fell down and his eyes rolled back, knocked his teeth out. I'm sad 
My popsicle!!!  -imLaVish-
my poptart is all gone! 
My porridge just exploded in the microwave 
my potatoes keep falling on me. 
My power has been off since 7 last night, and isn't supposed to be back on until midnight tonight.  Good thing I can tweet at school!
My power is out for an indefiniate amount of time. Who wants to come pick me up? I'm afraid of the dark 
My power is out!  Thank goodness for iPhones!
My power is out!! I want to play Sims 3!!!! 
My power just went out 
My prayers are with the friends and family of Air France flight 447... I am so sorry 
My prayers are with those passengers in the Air France flight that went missing....   www.reuters.com
My prayers go out 2 da family &amp; frenz of the missing AIR FRANCE plane going from Brazil 2 France ! 
My prayers go out to Hayley, rest in peace. How can a life be taken away at such a young age  
my prayers go to the 228 passengers of Air France 447 
My prayers go to the Air France victims 
My preorder of the Razer Sphex shipped today. I'll be paying to review it because Razer is ignoring my emails 
my present to myself at the end of the year: buying something from the fbr webstore. just can't decide which band... 
my presentation on Nicaragua got lost on the school computer and now i have to start all over again 
My princess is having a hannah montana sleepover..   I'm all alone... Damn I need a puppy!
my printer is broked 
my printer sucks a$$..i think it's been defective since i bought it...it won't print out in black ink 
My printer won't wrok! 
My productivity has been SHOT this week. Here's to trying again tomorrow 
My profile doesn't exist?!? someone HELP 
my project is going down the drain  Legal issues seem to have dealt a fatal blow...
My projector has died   Panasonic service centre here I come...
my projects failed today  FUCK STUDDING OXFORDS IS HARD ASS WORK
My projects for____ are never going to get done  And why is there an open lip gloss in my NEW Bestey Johnson bag that belongs to Mia! UGH!
my promise ring is chipping  http://i43.tinypic.com/66dmwz.jpg --- top is still primo~! http://i41 http://tinyurl.com/mvdrno
my promise ring is chipping  http://i43.tinypic.com/66dmwz.jpg --- top is still primo~! http://i41.tinypic.com/izsxuv.jpg
My proofread of Chapter 5 is taking me longer then i expected. Will probably be up late again today. Already midnight... 
My prophecy came true. Paterno's hiked the price of Jeremiah Weed from $9.99 to $19.99.   
My ps3 just broke 
My publisher and I still far apart. I'm looking for a 5 figure advance. They're still refusing to read the manuscript 
my pudding roti is a disaster 
My Pug Paris is still not feeling well 
My pup MIa has an upset tummy 
My puppies killed my cat lastnight,they thought she was a stuffed animal.  RIP Meanie  http://yfrog.com/104m6wj
My puppy got in trouble and now she doesn't want me 
My puppy hurt her leg I think. I'm so nervous 
My puppy is sick. 
My puppy is sick. Thank goodness she has a dr appt tomorrow. 
my puppy is teething 
My puppy just got sick  poor sparty!!!
My puppy went to surgery and i almost cried 
my puppy's ill 
my puppy's sick 
My Purple sack thing, - lmao! has only one eye now!  He had an accident guys and girls
My push up is melted 
my quest for internet has been thwarted ... twice!  http://tinyurl.com/cg2f97
My question is why and nobody can answer it 
My question of the day wont fit on here. 
my rabbit is gonna probably die 
My radio doesn't want to work this morning. It's too quiet without it. 
My rainy night chick flick turned into a snooze on the couch. Oh well...maybe another night....Off to cancel a David's Bridal BM dress. 
My rat is old and sick.....no more hope 
My rats sick again 
My Record   http://bit.ly/16FjE9
My record in hula hooping is I think 832???I dunno...my hula hoop broke so uhh... 
My record player has decided to die. Why on Friday night? Sad E  http://twitpic.com/667a4
my red headed love is out at the bar and i am not 
My red, Apache isn't feelin too well this morning..  http://mypict.me/49n5
my redness has turned back to white  d'aww! i need food but i cant be bothered making anything.
My refrigerator went on the blitz while we were out of town.  All the food is ruined 
My regular chat friend is out with his friend. I'm feeling lonely on GTalk  I need friends, like me, who don't have a life beyond the www.
My relatives are in Manhattan and I'm not   So not cool.
My remix of NIN's &quot;Capital G&quot;:  http://tinyurl.com/r4nvcb  I'm really going to miss seeing Trent perform. 
My report card: A, A, A, A, A, A, A, A- Cmon!!! Thats crap! I got a 3.95 
My retainer feels weird 
My 'Return of the King' (Tolkien) book hidden in my hotel room was magically turned into 'The Holy Bible' while I was away at work. 
My return to Carb Day is being delayed by a bum air conditioner. 
my review still hasnt got posted yet.. 
My reviewers fail. God, I'm not going to have persona do something horrible to personb. Jesus. Seriously?  And I'm a bad person. *sigh*FML
My Rhino 3d suite cane in. Unfortunately I have no time to play 
my ribs hurt. it hurts to breathe. it's been like this all day. did nothing yesterday but watch tv. how did that like, bruise my ribs? 
My riding/best friend is about to leave on an extended vacation....how am I gonna cope!! So don't wanna deal with this right now! 
my right Achilles hurts a bit today.... not enough of a stretch i'll bet 
My right arm hurts so much. 
my right click on the mouse isn't working....  HELP!! I am not tech-savvy
My right ear is throbbing. 
my right eye hurts with my contact lense,so i removed it &amp; have to deal with the older look of the eyeglasses 
My right eye is blurry 
my right foot hurts 
my right Genelec bass driver has packed in, not good. not good at all. 
my right hand is ache 
My right hand is having a reaction to something. It's all swollen 
My right pinky toe is still on fire...smh. Lesson learned, never wear new shoes and attempt to stand up for hours. 
my right side was devoured my mosquitos today. this is no comfy 
My Rights http://bit.ly/YJ0kx as developer (which apparently I don't have any  )
My rileybear doesn't feel good. 
My ring finger has swollen, might have to have my wedding and engagement rings cut off  fb#
My roof leaked from all the rain so now i have a ugly wet spot on my roof in my bedroom 
My room feels empty now 
my room is balls hot. it sucks.  I am literally sweating like I'm outside, but I'm inside. lameee.
my room is clean its never clean i don't like it when its clean 
my room is hot. 
my room is messy  don't like it.
my room is missing something....or someone 
My room is overwhelmingly messy. And this upsets me. But what upsets me most is knowing that I won't have time to clean it until Friday 
my room is such a messy 
my room is too hot 
MY ROOM ISS SOOO WARM the heat isnt even on and th reat of the house is lovley and cool  waht the hell?
My room smells like OLD........haha but its so true. Not too happy 
my room smells like playdough 
my room still smells of cream 
My Roomba does not clean under the sofa.      -Simply replace with a taller set of sofa legs to add height.
My Roomba isn't really working correctly. It's just smearing the dog fur around on the carpet instead of picking it up... 
my roomie called to inform me someone tried to break into our apartment when she was there today..awesome. 
my roommate @tess_tickle loves to ignore me 
My roommate wants a dog 
my room's cleaned... the beat's rollin'... i need some inspiration 
My rooms so coldddd 
my roots are like 367493673 inches long 
my router died 
my router died and I don't really have internet   Sorry if any tPFers think I'm ignoring them!  I'm on DH's laptop very briefly.
my run was awesome. but im feelinq really down 
my S.O. knows more about basketball than I do 
My sad, son, on his birthday, today.  new post http://www.schoollibraryjournal.com/blog/620000062/post/450045845.html
My Safeway zuccini tastes like dirt. What's with their veggies tasting like dirt? Too lazy to go to Giant. Whole Foods also too far. 
My SAM Broadcaster has died 
My Samsung LCD TV is broke, after 5 secs of being on the picture goes black.  No games/netflix for me this weekend 
my sauce is weak. exhausted by midnight, up again at 8. what happened to rising to the noontime sun? plus, no more late night creativity 
My sausage egg Mc muffin smells like buttered popcorn. 
my savings are rapidly disappearing.  damn sickness and dodgy cars and no work.
my scalp is on fire  apparently i dye it to much its only every4 weeks .... lol
My scalp itches twitter! 
my scapegoat is the late start I got on the day, but I wish there were more time. I wanna ride my bike and play some basketball 
My schedule keeps on bugging me! Grr. I hate it when my schedule gets interrupted. 
My schedule this weekend's so tight tht I dont hv enough time to study. I even didnt study chemistry lyk others today  Ayo hrs bs kekejar!
my school like to torture me 
my sciatica's been bothering me for two days straight.  ugh, the pain. this isnt even a problem lindsay can fix..need my chiro.  so lame
my scion baby needs new kicks asap 
My screw to my glasses came off 
My search decks on tweetdeck are not working since yesterday  - anyone else have this problem?
My search for a Pre so far is fruitless.  Going to try my local best buy soon.
my search was unsuccessful 
My season ticket is bought &amp; paid for and will be with me in July, yay. We're definitely having electric turnstiles put in though, boo! 
My season ticket renewal form came in the post today. That's me house bound for the next 30 days in order to afford it. Meh! 
my second last day in Pune 
My Second Life partner is working on building our new mainstore today...hope we have more success than our failed club  lol
my second oldest had a hard day oh how she tests me n i fail 
my secondary monitor died and I'm finding that my main one was off in the contrast department... god i need a calibrator 
my section is St. Therese. is that cool? haha. my bff is not my classmate this school year. 
my seesmic doesn't seem to be updating properly..  
My self esteem is really low now. 
My self esteem just dropped to zero in under three minutes. Ugh 
my selfish dogs didn't get me anything for Mother's Day. 
my seminar for international relations didn't go through... i have to rewrite it almost whole 
My semi-new jacket had something paper-y in the pocket. Thought a stranger left money in it at the store. It was a week-old train ticket 
My semi-vacation is over, back to real life.  Friday, Sunday and Monday were great. Saturday not so much, but 3 out of 4 days isn't bad.
My server is down so no pics are showing in my eBay store. Again!  Maybe it's time for a glass of wine. ;)
My sewing machine is broken. Part of my life just killed itself. 
My sexually abstemious nature is, surprisingly, not voluntary. #wordoftheday 
My sheep has fallen down behind my taskbar 
My sheets are in the dryer  oh well, too tired to care. Bare mattress, here i come.
My shift is only just beginning but I'm pining to be outside  somebody save me.
My shirt smells like fabric softener *biiiiiig sniff* but I know it won't last long 
My shirt.woot shirt arrived!! He glows in the dark but photos don't come out  Name = Xray Piñata http://twitpic.com/7ggc1
my shitty dish rack collapsed under too many plates. i will avenge thee, shitty dish rack 
my shoe broke 
my shoes are giving me oweiisss 
My shoes are so wet I am tempted to go buy new ones 
My shot hurt 
my shoulder hurts  back from the city, sorta repeated what i did last week.
My shoulder hurts so bad right now 
My shoulder hurts.  i think being in the sit last night bothered it.
my shoulder hurts.  i want to cuddle.
My shoulder is burnt to all hell  ouch
my shoulder is done.. i think i need to retire 
my shoulder is on fire. Too much painting with an already damaged shoulder. even simple computer stuff is causing extreme pain today. 
my shoulders are peeling. BAD.   im usually so great about sunscreen, but the boat killed me last weekend....
my shoulders hurt so much i cant ach dance 
my show is over til august.. nothing to watch now 
my shower has made me realise what fat thighs I have 
my showers broken 
My sickness just got worse, now i can hardly breath 
My Sim caught herself on fire at work.  
My sim is hopeless at cooking! I have already had a fire and keep burning my breakfast 
My sims house is unnecessarily huge 
My sinuses are raging after a decent LAN party this weekend. I need to rest if I want to be able to work this week. Shame I had to leave 
My sinuses!!! Ahhhhh. Ever get that feeling that ur so congested in the face? Uggh. It's throbbing 
my sis got in the mail the complete series of charmed we hav not watchd it in yrs! so sad i rememba wen pru died  cant wait to wach it
My sis is leaving today! 
My sis is livin it up in key west and I'm stuck here 
my sis just called me, she flew 2 Cannes 2day 4 the film fest. Im free from her tyranny for 5 days. shes mean u know! she yells at me! 
My sis JUST woke up.  She got home at 3, went to sleep at 4, now it's 10. 
My sis still hasn't given birth  geeez hurry up girl!
My sister &amp; I went back to the pet store. The corgi was gone. It wasn't meant to be. I want a little tri-colored one anyhow. Still, sad. 
My sister and brother took over my tv so i didnt get to watch twilight again  now just laying in bed watching a boring celeb rehab show
My sister and her bf are telling my dad she's moving out and moving to Brooklyn tonight.  I already miss her stupid ass.
My sister and her friend are being like shamu. The are splashing around and getting me wet.  I want to stay dry.
My sister and my bf are playing guitar hero...pro face off...and ignoring me  i need attention too
my sister and nieces are downstairs! i don't wanna say hi cause i know i'll spend an hour with them and i just dont have time  i &lt;3 them!
my sister ate my donut. 
MY SISTER BOUGHT A NEW SLR CAM. I want one tooo. 
My sister can insult someone and not care at all, but after I hurt someone I feel really bad... 
my sister gives me so much shit for being on twitter  i'm so uncool.
My sister got a Roboraptor for her 6th bday and I'm well jealous. She won't share 
My sister got slightly trampled at school today.  Kids are crazy in corridors.
My sister graduates tomorrow. I don't know if I can take it. I'm probubly going to dehydrate from crying so much 
my sister had a car wreck. 
my sister is almost blonde 
my sister is annoying me. 
My sister is going to DC tomorrow apt hunting. Sad. Seems like just yesterday she was following me around calling me wauwen. 
my sister is going to die from sadness she is crying so hard cause nadal lost i am so sad for her 
My sister is going to have her baby I wish i could be there 
my sister is in africa she just emailed me  i miss her
My sister is in love with Caleb haha! She doesn't like Matty or Nate though 
My sister is in the hospital. Just had surgery. She is in a lot of pain. 
my sister is leaving for cali a week from today,  im gonna be lonely again, ..... sucks
my sister is sadly giving my a &quot;man-over&quot; 
My sister is sick  I'm up taking care of her...wouldn't have thought she was 17 with all this crying *sigh*
My sister is taking over my room! 
my sister is talking to her self. I HATE THIS UNIFORM!! I look like a navy blue blob. 
My sister is watching a James Bond movie whilst I semi-emo; she is more of a man than me 
My sister just called me a fag for using Twitter 
My sister just got back from 6flags. She failed to buy me a big fuzzy hat. 
my sister just graduated... how sad...  i can't believe i'm an only child now.
My sister just left.  So very very 
my sister just woke me up via cellphone  it's 4am.  going back to sleeeep. goodnight world! &lt;33
My sister left and now my brother is leaving me. I feel so alone. 
my sister left to new york this morning  i'm so sad like a slime
My sister lost her job... 
my sister moved out, didn't even say goodbye 
my sister or brother didn't call me today to see how i was doing after my surgery. 
My sister ruined my poster. She just wanted to point at Strify when we discussed CB´s sunglasses, but she pushed right into his hair! 
my sister told me i remind her of jonah hill. so any way you look @ it, fml basically 
my sister was 12 on thursday, and shes ill asa mofo 
My sister, Carolyne, is leaving for Norway for a week 
my sisterrr has apendicitis. ahhhh. what about the @ddlovato concert ?! 
my sister's friend threw something at her head &amp; now it's bleeding. 
My sisters get away with everything yet i cant get a few minutes of computer time. It's really not fair 
My sister's going to Port Dickson tomorrow, the BF's heading to Redang on Sunday night, and I'm going nowhere. 
My sisters in laws house, car and tree got hit by lightning last night! Aint that some shit lol its on the news, awww me sorry 
My sister's kitty Eva had three baby-kittens yesterday, but something is wrong with her and needs to go to the vet 
My sisters rabbit has pulled a claw and is bleeding everywhere 
my sisters taking my car to learn to drive  it had better come back in 1 piece!
My sisters wont let me watch the Exorcist 
My skin hates me! I'm sunburned.  lakeee again today, then home.
My skin hurts  i worked handheld (outside ) and i got burnt 
My skin is horrendous 
my skin is no mach against the italians'  womp womp woooomp
my skins is so shit today  bad times
My skullcandy headphones are legit broken cos I can't hear vocals anymore  HAY THAT MEANS I CAN LISTEN TO INSTRUMENTALS NOW!
My SKY+ HDD just died  shame theres no BackupExec for SKY. had to rebuild and lost all content. That USB port would be handy if it worked
my skype account has been hacked, now taking funds from my paypal account and skype not bothering to reply to my emails 
my sleep is all messed up 
my sleep pattern is fucked. i'm not tired at all but i know i will be at school 
My sleep quality and schedule have been sooooo shitty. 
My sleep schedule is all screwed up.    also, third person sucks.  Wooooooooooooooooooooo
My sleep schedule is officially reversed 
my sleep tonight depends on how fast i work right now 
My sleepiness better not over power my alarm 
my sleeping patterns messssssed up 
My slurped was ruined 
My smartcard fell out of its holder when I was going home today. If anyone finds it, please tell me 
my snapple is gone. 
my so called friend cancelled twice this wk  its a gd fing i luv her and she had genuine reasons or i wud b kickin her ass rite now. lol
My soarthroats and coughs have been joined by fellow fever and flue. It's like a gathering of illnesses!... Did I get struck by the H1N1? 
my soccer game got cancelled because there werent any goal posts  and it was perfect weather too
my socks are hurting my sunburn 
My socks are soaked. That's disgusting. It's only raining when I decided to go on a festival. Well.... the weather bar me from that.. 
my socks are still wet from getting to work this morning...it's been over 7 hours.    i don't like wet socks.
My socks are wet 
My soggy brain has caused foggy brain.  #fb
My soldier is goin to war  Gone for a week
my sole supporter is not my sole supporter 
My son fell and got stitches in his knee.    He's going to be okay, though.
My Son got sick all on delivery  driver then bumped car in front. Every1 fine except woman pretending to have whiplash. shes delusional
my son grandparents have officially left to live in north carolina..didn't think it would affect me like this. (sad 
My son had to wake me up and ask if we were having lunch!!  I felt so bad  Oh well....
My son has bad #eczema days, but we both saw another kid that had it REALLY  bad. Hate to see when kids are robbed of their fun
my son has just returned lovely and tanned from a week in Turkey while I'm as peely wally (not sure of spelling here!) as ever 
My son has the worst luck with bugs. Got a horrible bite today. No wonder he hates playing outside 
My son is a champ. He fell and busted his lip on the cement and still wants to kiss his mommy even if it hurts 
My son is at school........Trying to assemble a vacuum cleaner............It's not going well!!! 
My son is gone for the weekend I am lonely 
My son is missing his 8th grade graduation because of flu. 
My son is really annoying me... Hes such a baby cry! 
My son is sick looks like a doctors visit tommara  hope he gets well fast, and hope my baby girl don't get sick to....
My son is sick with the stomach flu. I just hope nobody else catches it. Tomorrow is my daughters ballet show  She worked so hard all year
My son is such a breakfast moocher, no matter what he gets mine always looks better. Unfortunately this doesn't work with vegetables. 
My son is such a man's boy. I can't even get out of the house by myself without tears 
My son just rec'd a shipment from Despair, Inc. Side of box says &quot;another dissatisfied customer&quot; - love that! 
My son just sneezed/coughed a mouthful of milk straight at my wife's computer from point blank.   Great day so far.  
My son just told me that #keyboard cat is from the 90's, and that he is no longer with us  we miss you #keyboardcat!
My son left to go to his dad's for the weekend  It's def going to be a long and boring weekend
My son never calls. 
My son Phillip just got straight A's for the second quarter in a row!  Boy, did I underestimate him when he was younger 
My son went to summer camp for a week! I'm so sad 
My song is on! Haven't heard it days ''remember those walls I built well baby there tumbln down''(halo,beyonce) thinkn of y-o-u... 
my son's frog got outta the tank &amp; jumped in the pool 2day... we got him out, but i dont think the lil dude'z gonna make it. 
My Sony Vaio is broken! no internet for me for a while ! 
My soul no longer has the desire to twitter, because natalie and tim can't see them from their phone 
My sould is being destroyed today by the tedious work I have to do  Will have something new and shiny to show you all tonight though!
My sound setup is getting wet.  putting the tarps on everything ~So Much More~
My spanish sucks 
my spaz client is broken? 
my speakers are fried too  OMFG I can't hear my music wahhhhhhhhhh
My speakerss for my computer just randomly broke, @jonasbrothers do you think you can fix them, I cant hear any JB songs 
My special friend has neglected me once again!! I.m going 2 sleep now!! 
my spectac's broken 
My spellings gone on vacation 
My spis nemame uz to ZX Spectrum... 
my spongebnb tongue ring broke 
my sprint phone is not chargin....now i gotta show my tmobile sum luv 
My starving tummy is craving for BurgerKing   I haven't eat all day n now we're trapped in traffic.Thx God I hv a faithful driver,my  ...
My state just confirmed the first cases of Swine Flu. (I'm in West Virginia, and we were the only state in USA to go w/out it until now) 
my stay at home day became run errands/fun day with Ivy haha. can't wait to sleep. my back has aches 
My step brother Jason is buried near Jimi. So I'm saying hello. I miss him. 
My step mother put dirty diapers in my clothing. 
My stepmom wants me to come visit her and my dad in cali- I want to go and try to repair our relationship, but can't afford a flight. 
My stockings had a fight with the velcro on my laptop bag. The velcro won. 
My stomach feels like it's been used as a punching bag. 
My stomach feels like It's going to explode.  i don't want to be sick!
My stomach feels strange.  I think I know why.
my stomach has been acting funny  this is not good for this weekend.
My stomach has been off all day  Oh well. Almost time to go baby-sit!
my stomach hella hurts. its been hurting for like the past few days 
My stomach hurts  and im hungry. 9 days of school left! 
my stomach hurts again 
my stomach hurts i guess i ate too much owell 
my stomach hurts like hell!!! 
My stomach hurts now all I did was drink water 
my stomach hurts really bad... 
My stomach hurts really badly 
My stomach hurts really REALLY bad for no apparent reason  owwies
My stomach hurts so badd 
My stomach hurts soooo..... bad  ...n i hv to go 4r clz............
My stomach hurts sooooo bad 
My stomach hurts this morning. Yuck-o. Maybe because dinner was 3 Tecates, a 1/2 bucket of popcorn, a large Coke and a Miller. Ick. Ick. 
my stomach hurts to eat...stupid diet 
My stomach hurts!  
My stomach hurts.  Nothing new, but still painful. 
my stomach hurts. i need to cut down on fast food &amp; a bunch of sodas. they're tearing me apart! 
My stomach hurts. I shouldn't have ate the gyros sandwich last night 
My stomach is all EXPLODE from the wendys  why is everything that tastes good bad for you?
My stomach is apparently furious about something.  
My stomach is defying me 
My stomach is feeling satisfied now......been starving for 2 hours. 
My stomach is hurt 
My stomach is hurting.   (hurry up Sprint people please!!!)
My stomach is killing me! seriously, feel like I ate something bad 
My stomach is killing me. Weeks of bad eating has finally caught up to me. 
my stomach is not my friend today...in fact, I'd say it hates me 
my stomach is saying fuck you to that pizza 
My stomach is starting to hurtttt 
My stomach is still punishing me 
My stomach is straight bubblin right now. Ughhhh 
My stomach is such a problem. 
my stomach is tossing and turning. just sit still for a little bit, stomach, please? 
My stomach is twisted I feel another loss coming  I hope I'm wrong
my stomach issues have now brought me down to 145lb. i really can't go any lower  send positive vibes my way/pray that this is figured out
My stomach keeps doing some sort of cha-cha-cha dance. I miss you so much already 
My stomach looks so big 
My stomach needs to simmer down, ASAP! Ow, ow, ow!  It better not hurt when I wake up tomorrow. Night
my stomach reallllly hurts 
My stomach really hurts  blood doesnt taste good!
My stomach really hurts. 
my stomach sounds like an avalanche 
My stomach still hurts  Maybe I can sleep it off
My stomaches upset. 
my stomach's knocking! OH MY 
My stomack hurts. 
My stone fell out of my moon ring and now it nowhere  to be found 
My straightened broke  this is the second CHI straightener this has happened too. I'm so sad.
My straightener has been beheaded. It can only be the work of one...Francis. Now what 
my stray ran away  i guess i shouldn't be surprised, but he was so cool!
My stress always culminates with physical pain.  
My stubborn lower back has a mind of its own, despite various tablets, its still stiff. Cant bend, sleep or move much 
My studio computer is doing some very crazy things today, and I don't like it! I would toss it out the window but I'm on the first floor. 
My stuff is missing in my OWN room! Who could have done that~ Pls return it to me...Pls~ 
my stummy hurts 
my stummy hurts. idk whyyyy 
my stupid bites hurt soo much 
my stupid brother woke me up at like 7:30 
My stupid computer isn't fast enough for me to watch the pre-telecast tonys 
My stupid knee... 
my stupid new husband just sold my benz  i want a divorce!!!!
My stupid phone's stopped working again. I'm not impressed, only had it back a week from last time. I give up on technology, it hates me 
My stupid Twitter app stopped working. Had to get this one now. Don't like it as much. 
my stupid twitterfox wont work 
My stupidly awesome mp3 won't let me download video. Crap. boo hoo 
my sty hurts!!!! and i have work at 7am. boo 
My subway made me so sick I threw it all up 
my sudden change of heart towards beyonce's last album is SO WRONG . why me ?  DAMN YOU SASHA FIERCE. i admit defeat 
My sugar roll has ants 
MY SUMMER HAS BEEN BORING SO FAR 
my summer is slipping through my fingers 
my summer sucks 
my summer vacation started yesterday! Now I need to get something to do. I lost my purse yesterday at the party. 
my sunburn hurts 
my sunburn hurts  alas, nice day spent in the sunshine today with the fam 
My sunburn hurts so fucking bad. I'm about to take the most painful shower of my life, but it needs to be done. Ugh. 
My sunburn hurts. 
my sunburn hurts. waaa. (yeah, it's my own fault for not putting on sunscreen, I know, but still). 
my sunburn is sore and i'm cold  can you cuddle me warm and look after me like you used to do?
My sunburn reallyyy hurts! I hope I at least get a cute tan out of this lol 
my sunburnes hurt 
my sunburns hurts now  ..dreading monday 
My sun-day was a bad idea, feeling pretty burnt! 
My sunday wasted thanks to a presentation i worked on for six hours straight! now my ass feels like a bunch of pancakes! 
my sundays are always boring ! 
my sunflower is dying  btw, chopin is pure genius.
my supervisor is driving me f*****g crazy. i missed my buddy tonight at work 
My supervisor is gonna regret accepting a student from an unstable part of the world  First my mum detained and now the coup.
my surgerys finally over and now im on pks all day and am awakee all nightt 
My sweet baby had her tongue clipped this morning  Here is to hoping for a not-so-screamy day.
My sweet little baby has two more teeth coming in and wants nothing but Mommy!      I Iove the hugs but hate the thought of her in pain 
my sweetheart had a headache..and now i can't sleep..boo 
My sweetie is now on his way to the UK for 2 weeks  
my swishy isnt playin well 
My sympathies and condolences to the families of the children who were in the fire at a daycare in Mexico... what a horrible tragedy. 
my tail light its out  gonna attempt to fix it now, or just watch lucas do it idk :o
My tailbone hurts... Wonder if it's because I sat on hard surface for too long or my sit ups on a hard floor... 
My take on #Mythbusters Diesel Diaries? Informative, yet it's such a sellout. My respect for that trio just dropped like the Jetta's CO2 
My tan is deteriorating. 
my tan is patchy now 
my taste buds is crack.. can't taste anything 
My taste in music is so weird that the Genius feature in iTunes hardly ever works. 
My tat is scabbing now 
my tattoo feels pure sore from being out in the sun even though i put sunblock on it  no good. eventually getting sleep, YEAH! bye.
My tattoo still doesn't look right... 
My team just lost.  Yeng Guiao reminds me of Yul Brynner from The King and I (1956 version) &amp; The 10 Commandments.
My tech appt just cancelled, kiss $60 goodbye.   They'll be back. Im sitting here in an empty office, somebody call toll free 866-99-ALPHA
my teef hurt 
My teef hurt. 
My teeth and head hurt. I want sympathy. No-one wil give me any 
my teeth and head hurts 
My teeth and my eye hurt   someone make them feel better
My teeth are hurting even more today! 
my teeth are killing me! I am a walking DISASTER! swollen throat, ear infection &amp; need 2 root canals. 
My teeth hurrrt 
my teeth hurt  I hate retainers... Watching that's so raven and have to wakeup early for challenge test in the morning!
My teeth hurt ... Probably time for the dentist 
My teeth hurt all the time. Which is WTF considering they NEVER hurt before I got fillings!! 
my teeth hurt real bad! 
my teeth hurt reeeeeeeally bad  &amp;&amp; i cant see my boy this morning. fml today is going to suck
My teeth hurt so bad i cant even eat my honey bunches of oats  (ultra sad!!!)
my teeth hurt.  i worked 27hrs this week, normally i average 14... can't wait for that paycheck. better not get miscounted. Srs business.
My teeth hurt. New wires are tighter.   Going to lunch with dad when ever he decides to show up. Don't want to go. Someone SAVE me.
My teeth hurt... 
My teeth hurts. 
My teeth hurtt  hmm tired
my teeth r hurtin' 
my teeth really hurt!  and is wanting him to call..
My teeth well hurt 
my temperature raised  separating kills
My ten year old cousin told me i can't be trusted with scissors so he took them off me Lol 
my test is in 8 hours. Im gonna fail miserably  
My tester wants certain folders and application names changed just to fit her memory recognition of items. 
My texting isn't working very well lately!  I haven't been getting all my messages... 
My texts aren't getting to twitter 
My therapist broke her arm... well, her wrist. Shit. I feel so bad for her. (And I'm sure gonna miss her in the morning.) 
My thigh hurts cause I slipped 
My thinkpad X300's battery went wrong. Warranty Period for the battery is only 6 months(the world's shortest) in Korea. 
My third Xbox 360 is dying, but no red ring, no error code 
My thought are wondering n I'm feeling down! *Can Anyone Cheer Me Up?* 
My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the metro accident  http://bit.ly/q3O40
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people affected in the earthquake, Italy 
My thoughts and prayers go out to those who are lost and those who have lost. 
My thoughts are with a friend that's in the hospital  I hope she gets better soon
My thoughts are with Sandra Cantu's family at this difficult and sad time 
my thoughts are with the Air France passengers and crew &amp; their families... so sad 
My thoughts are with the passengers of the Air France flight and their families !!  so sad 
my thoughts go out to the families and friends of, as well as the passengers of the Air France flight from Rio to Paris. so horrible 
My thoughts go to the people in the missing Air France plane. So sad. 
My thraot is killing meee 
my throaatss all ill 
my throat aches quite a lot 
my throat became inflamed..so hard to drink or eat something 
My throat doesn't hurt too much anymore, but I'm still sick 
My throat feels like I swallowed a hot coal. 
My throat feels like its been grated 
my throat feels like the desert scratching me with razorblades. 
My throat hurrrrrrrts 
my throat hurts 
My throat hurts    But some good came from today  Ask for details ;)
my throat hurts  any remedies anyone could suggest??
my throat hurts  but new songs sound sweet like a wagwarnin cherry, can wait to lay them down in the studio
my throat hurts  give me soup or ice cream
My throat hurts  im just gonna stay inside and play sims 3 forever
My throat hurts  y has this happened?????
My throat hurts a little bit  oh no
my throat hurts and I feel icky!  hope I didn't catch anything
my throat hurts even more now bc i was screaming haha. i keep needing to sneeze, i hate that feeling; my sneezes wont come out 
--My throat hurts like crazy!  Just sitting here, chillin'!
My throat hurts me very much!! 
my throat hurts reaaalllyyyy bad 
my throat hurts really bad  dang allergies
My throat hurts SO bad 
My throat hurts so bad and my nose is so stuffy.. Why do I always get so sick?! Attempting sleep, wish me luck... 
my throat hurts so bad right now 
My throat hurts so bad...   tonight was an awful night...
my throat hurts so much!! 
my throat hurts. 
My throat hurts.  ::cough cough::    
my throat hurts... 
my throat hurts...must have slept with my mouth wide open. urgh, 2 hours of math to start with tiday 
My throat if fucked up.  In desperate need of cough sweets.
my throat is actually closing up! It's not sexy! Sad face 
My throat is burning 
My throat is getting sore.. Perhaps I won't dodge the Tonsilitus pattern after-all. 
my throat is killing me and I didn't get to go see Repo tonight. 
My throat is killing me, and while I got a decent night's sleep last night, I still feel like I'm about to fall over.  
my throat is killing me. I feel like there are two rock hard gum balls stuck in there. 
My throat is killing me. My meeting is dragging. My colleague told me HFM is around. Am i a carrier? Hope not. Else my poor kids 
My throat is killing me... 
My throat is killinnng me. 
my throat is like sand paper, and i feel dizzy 
My throat is really sore today 
my throat is soooo swollen 
my throat is sore, my hair is a mess and i can't get a hold of anyone i need! 
my throat is starting to feel sore again! NOOOOOO! 
My throat is starting to hurt  and i am soooooooo tired
My throat is starting to hurt  hope it goes away soon i have plans this weekend!
My throat is still complaining! Oh please stop complaining! I promise not to eat chocolate anymore.. 
My throat is still soooooo sore 
my throat is swollen and tight, and health services is closed 
My throat still hurts and i still sound like a smoker 
my throath hurts 
My throatttt  Thanks to singing so loudly and offkeys
My thumb hurst again 
my thumb hurts  bed haha
my thumb hurts from playing mortal kombat  that game is serious!
my thumb hurts, my brother closed the car door on it 
My thumb hurts...ugh..probably from tweeting or just typing on my iPod in general ..why does technology come with a painful price.. 
My TI89 died. I don't know why. 
My time has been yours my friend 
my time home is too short 
My timing isn't off, is it? It -is- 1130 am CEST, non? That's 1730 here. 
my tiny yard ended up being a big project...and I had to evict so many creatures, it broke my heart.  Hoping I didn't kill too many.  
My tiramusi is melting! 
My TMJ is acting up again...    The non-stop headaches suck.
My toast has gone cold and I don't want it anymore.  XD
My toddler hasn't pooped in a week   Anyone have a good natural constipation remedy that works fast?
My toddler is getting in all 4 of his 1st molars!!!!  
My toe 14 hours later....   it hurts! http://twitpic.com/5oo7g
My toe hurts! 
my toe is bleeding  climbed the rocks then i tripped. 
my toe is blue and yellow 
My toe is sore, loving new laptop, iPhone firmware, and it's Friday!  I'm actually in Adelaide for the w/end siiiick! Dentist app 12pm. 
my toe just touched something nasty 
My toe still hurts . . . 
My toeeeee hurts so bad 
my toenail just fell off  OUCH. why am i awake at 5 am? listening to lonely island haha
my toenail just fell off  OUCH. why am i awake at 5 am? listening to lonely island haha: my toenail just fell off  OUCH. why am i awa..
My toenails hurt and I don't understand it! 
my toes are cold and im too lazy to get a pair of socks.  #squarespace
My toes are getting bit by mosquitos, help 
My toes are killing me! 
My toes are still numb  I think I lost some nerves. I guess thats ok though, because I have so many blisters! The life of a marathoner!
my toes are uberly blistered. will never wear those shoes again (or at least until i forget what pain feels like) 
my toes hurt...idk why 
my tommmmey hurtsiess 
my tongue is really sore 
My toooofie hurts 
My tooth hurts 
my tooth hurts and i got soaked by a bunch of stupid;obnoxious;repulsive boys 
My tooth hurts!!! Time for some medicine!!!!   ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
My tooth hurts,… I think I need some medicine,..  been hurting all day.
my tooth is bleeding    but i don't know which one :/ cbb to get a mirror 
My tooth is in unbearable pain. 
My tooth is seriously hurting and no pain meds! 
my tooth is sving, and I cannot see my dentist for a week 
my toothache is officially unbearable!! i want to cry it hurts sooo bad!! 
My toothache woke me up! Pain! Help me! 
My toothpick ran out of flavor. 
My total profit after 1hr at our garage sale...$1 
My total time awake came to 37 hours. followed by a 6 hour sleep which was not long enough  school tomorrow so will get little sleep again
My Touch Diamond battery sucks very much  If it could last a day it'd be awesome
My touchpad on my laptop is screwing up now, it keeps clicking on things when I just want to move the cursor. Poor lappy. 
My town's McDonalds doesn't carry the Angus Burgers yet. So much for a review this week 
my tracks are coming looooose 
My trampoline broke 
My translation speed sucks  really need to double it if I'm gonna finish the work in time!
My treadmill kept static-shocking me  I even got a little shock in my ear when i was plugged into the audio for the tv!  Scary.
My tree was blown over by wind or struck by lightning this evening. I am now treeless in my front yard. 
My trial for Left 4 Dead just ended  im probably going to buy the game now because it was brilliant!
My trip = 2 NY Strip Steaks, ingredients for Pesto Mushrooms, asparagus, but I forgot my deli sandwich for tonight.  Off to lacrosse.
my trip to alabama with magin oh is almost done  heading back home soon until i'm off to new mexico for NINE DAYS!
My trip to the Apple store ended in failure. The line was too long for me to stand in during my lunch break. 
My trip to vegas was cancelled 
My troath is really hurting 
my trousers are damp. 
My truck hates me  its not playing nice
My trusty PowerMac G5 has died. Have to get an external drive enclosure to try to salvage pos and songs till I upgrade the MacBook Pro 
My tum hurts.  I think I ate too many anthropomorphic vegetables... 
my tummiee hurts 
my tummy &amp; back are hurting like crazy 
My tummy does not feel well today. 
My tummy doesn't feel good! I ate too much hot sauce  but the bf and I are going to get yogurt soon.
My tummy feels funny. Hahh. No but seriously, I don't think the brownies r bad. But I KNOW I had wayyyy too much chocolate!!!! Hahh...ohh 
My tummy feels no bueno today 
my tummy feels queasy........   need more beer!
my tummy hates me and wants me to diiiiiiie 
My tummy hates me. 
My tummy hurst 
My tummy hurt  and cant go to sleep
my tummy hurts  and i still have to do my h.w. katy perry waking up in vegas is on MTV hitlist :O
My tummy hurts  Blacnket &amp; hot water bottle on the sofa for meeeee....
my tummy hurts  gunna watch tv -- feel free to txt me
My tummy hurts  i couldnt handle that whole butterfinger... How lame!!
my tummy hurts  I need someone to rub it
My tummy hurts  I think it's the meds
my tummy hurts  lazy day today!
my tummy hurts  listening to &quot;the introduction of marcus cooper&quot; album 'til I fall asleep. goodnight&lt;3
My tummy hurts  Someone be a doll and text me what time and what channel the laker game is please.
my tummy hurts  trying to figure how this twittter thingy works
My tummy hurts and i can't sleep. No bueno 
My tummy hurts and I'm dehydrated 
my tummy hurts and this is going to be long. i hate how my lense have a such a shitty zoom 
my tummy hurts i dont like this roooooar 
my tummy hurts like ow 
my tummy hurts so badly 
My tummy hurts somethin terrible 
My tummy hurts sooo badly.... 
My tummy hurts sooooooo bad! I swear I waited two hours to take my meds  I feel like an evil alien is going to explode outta my tummy
My tummy hurts today  technically I've been up since yesterday so I'm all off and my shoulders &amp; back hurt like mad !
my tummy hurts!! 
My tummy hurts.  Oh wells. School tomorrow. Lots I hope.
My tummy hurts.. 
My tummy hurts..  cant sleep &amp; i need someone to talk to...
My tummy hurts... 
My tummy hurts....  i really did enjoy my two days off..
my tummy hurts....  maybe i should have more cookies
My tummy hurts...I think @pdotwhy poisoned me 
My Tummy Hurtssss 
my tummy is ache 
My tummy is doing back flips and I feel like I'm running a fever.  Why did this come on all of a sudden?
My tummy is eating it's self  I'm hungry!!!!
my tummy is feeling weird 
My tummy is hurting  La Barca didn't sit well with me this time.  But I love La Barca!
My tummy is rumbling  I need McNuggets.
My tummy is rumbly, I'm tired and lonely. I hate Saturday mornings 
my tummy is so nervous omg  and @daniiixrpi shook me waking me up saying WE'RE GOING TO SEE GABE TODAY! so i'm mad at gabriel atm lmfao
my tummy is upset  no bueno.
My tummy kills  gucci in moe ugh
My tummy still doesnt feel good. 
my tummy still doesnt like me so im back off to beddy byes for a while 
My tummy still hurts  another cubs game tom...goood night.
My tummy still hurts ....  I don't like being sick
My tummy still hurts. 
My tummy still hurtys 
my tummy, it has pains 
My tummy's bothering me today.  
My tummys in all sorts of knots 
My turn to give Swine Flu a chance.... 
My turtle died this morning. RIP alexander 
My turtle Joe died today, well he's already with my other turtle Carol, I'm so sad 
my turtle passed away. 
my turtle won't eat 
my tv is busted, so i gotta go the living room instead to watch ...whatever's on. I need it to put me to sleeep 
my tv is not working   
my TV is on the fritz again  shuts itself off even when watching netflix on xbox, which used to be the one way it wouldn't fritz
my tv is too loud, my remote is broken andd i'm too lazy to get up. 
my tv lineup is planned half&amp;half. martin. living single and fame. fml screw u friday u suck. 
My tv marathon is over  ....hmmm do I wanna go out&amp;watch this lakers game? Do I want 2 watch it @ all? Decisions...
My TV's broke  The colour is slowly making rainbows across the screen. CURSE YOU TV!
my tweet deck is broken! 
My TweetDeck app keeps crashing... 
my tweetdeck hasn't worked in mounths, i wonder why  .... ?
My Tweetdeck is broken 
My tweetdeck is messing up 
My Tweetdeck isn't working  I hate Vista. At least, I assume Vista is the problem- I blame everything on it these days.
My Tweetdeck isn't working. 
My Tweetdeck seems to have a mind of it's own today and keeps disappearing from my screen 
my tweeter is broken. i think my tweets are going out but nothings coming in. i guess it's my tweet receiver thats broken then. 
my tweeters are boring me when 
My tweetheart is far!!! gosh 
My Tweetie stopped working for some reason. Using Twitterfon. 
my tweets are disappearing again 
My tweets are vanishing   This is my 6th one but I can only see the one before this.
My tweets aren't working 
my tweets dont work 
My tweets from the Meadows Festival have arrived - late! Must have got stuck somewhere. So much for real-time 
my tweets have gotten ever so quiet 
My tweets will not be like @stephenfry 
my tweezers have gone missing for the millionth time this week 
My twit pics never send  ... I was tryin 2 sen yall a pic of me &amp; my Ace
My twitpic didnt work 
My twitpic is def NOT WORKING!! WTF?? 
My twitpic isn't working  I wanna show ya'll my sexy shoes I'm rockin tonight.....
My twits wish me LUCK for my 1st paper 2mrw.... 
my twitt game slackin  -- meaning I haven't been on in a while
My Twitteeeerrr babiieshow Ive missed you  I hate this whole not having a phone thng
My Twittefon keeps retweeting the same tweet over and over 
My twitter account has been restored. I still dont  know why it was blocked 
my twitter account was hacked ! i did not write  last message!!!!!!  furious!
My twitter app is acting goofy. Not getting replies until almost 15 minutes later 
My twitter app is being really sketchy.  I don't think I'm getting all my new tweets 
my twitter app isn't working 
my twitter background disappeared 
my twitter clients maxed out their twitter calls 
my twitter doesn't support my phone! and it's pissing me off!!! 
My twitter has been down for about 3 hours  sad day
My Twitter is acting up... 
my twitter is broken  , I want to delete so tweets but it wont let me!! people stop following me just cause I talked to Joe and Nick!! &gt;
My twitter is disintegrate That's wrong.... 
My twitter is messed up  i gotta fix it so i´m not gonna twitter for a couple of days through the web, just through txt 
My twitter is moving slow 
My twitter is on c r a c k 
My Twitter is pathetic 
My twitter is playing up and I cant reply to peoples comments....dont know if its just me ?? Sara I'm sorry to hear about the news 
my twitter is still not working properly 
My twitter isn't updating.  How am I to know what everyone famous is doing!?!?!?
my twitter isn't working, sorry my followers 
My Twitter Iz F-ing Itself 
My Twitter keeps tweeting for me. Argh!! Virus 
My twitter profile is so &quot;young&quot;. 100th tweet goes out to all you T9ers out there, wherever you are. miss you all!  )
My Twitter profile is worth  $14 http://tweetvalue.com ...  awww  thats not much lol
My Twitter profile is worth  $228 http://tweetvalue.com I'm so cheap 
My Twitter profile is worth  $289.  I paid more for my puppy.   http://tweetvalue.com
My Twitter profile is worth  $31 http://tweetvalue.com 
My Twitter profile is worth  $93 http://tweetvalue.com | aww less than 100??? 
My Twitter profile is worth $129.00 DAMN that is some serious cash for an online microblogging system lol...... I miss home        -TPN
My Twitter profile is worth: $36  http://tweetvalue.com/
my twitter says it needs a break  i'll be back in a bit (capacity??)
my twitter scope is usually 90% right, odd.  just try to rise again?
My Twitter stream hasn't updated in 40 minutes. Did I do something wrong? 
my twitter sucks. lame lame lame. 
My twitter texts aren't working 
My twitter values a whooping $7...about as much as me 
My Twitter was Hacked by one of my children?? Who? That's sad,  did they actually want me to sit and watch it with them??
My TwitterBerry is broke  
My twitterberry keeps crashing!!!!!  out of touch-sorry!!
my twitterfox appears to be a bit broked 
My Twitters Broken, I Cant Add Other People. 
My twitters brokennn 
My Twitting frm Phone is slow. 
My two biggest lettuce plants are GONE... along with my broccoli and cauliflower.   Not sure what critter got them...
my two friends who moved to London a few months ago have to move back to SF. Their situation echoes mine, only without the school stuff. 
My two Kittens that I was supposed to pick up this weekend have died!!!  Virus apparently
My ugly ID card. Eewwww much?  that will be my picutre for 4 years.  http://yfrog.com/2nkabj
My ugly mug, even got the sun  http://twitpic.com/6j54p
My ulcer is killing me, FREAKING PAIN PLZ. 
My umbrella broke  I am wondering if I can take it back to Bed Bath &amp; Beyond to get replaced
My Uncle is gone 
My uncle is in the hospital, he's really sick 
My uncle just got back from Antarctica or whichever Pole it is people go to, and is going to Tahiti. I hate his life 
My uncle passed today 
My uncle returns to usa on saturday, this family wont be complete 
my uncle waking my deep needed sleep only to yell about a charger i apparently broke.  is yelling really a must at 9 in the am?
My Uncle's getting his Ph. D. so headed to FSU for graduation Saturday. But I really want to go to the beachhh.  Text meee....
my uncles were making fun of me for smoking stress/  just cause i dont smoke poison my nigga. chill ahhaha
My unidentified bug ! It Tried to eat me whole  http://twitgoo.com/o8xu
My universal truth for today:  mowing = allergy attack 
My unsalvagable car!!! Wuaaaa  I'm very grateful Kevin and his friends are scratchless though.
My Update # 200: Me duele mi oído derecho 
my upper back hurts! aray! 
my upper teeth feel loose from flossin up there 4 the first time.....CAN'T BE GOOD!!! 
My user or pass will not work on getlifesmart and i need to finish for school tomorrow 
My usual prostitute is with another client, looks like I'm missing out tonight 
my usually strong stomach failed me. Had to run to the shower holding bub at arms length. Pregnancy makes me weak 
My UTI is back with a vengeance. Guess I hadn't cured it completely. Feeling very depleted. Treating it naturally. Have to lie down. 
my vaca will soon be at its end!!noooo, summer school starts monday  sad day!!..
My vacation is just about over  This sucks!! I so do not want to go to work on Monday. Today's beautiful though.
My vacation is over, time to get back to work 
My vains are too fine for blood donation! They said try again in 12 MONTHS time  Went in a grp of 5 but only 2 managed to donate. What ...
my veins are too small to give blood 
my very last night of dance recital ever!  so sad
My very own Sir Swags-A-Lot is nowhere to be found.  Anyone else single and lovin' it? @Swagbucks
my vhs copy of wrath of khan came in... and it's factory sealed!... i am such a nerd 
My video response to @211me and @peterfacinelli : http://www.megaupload.com/?d=1JY6JBA8 - Can not put it on Youtube, sorry 
My video tutorial for youtube went wrong. Now i have to do it all over again 
My video views suck worse than usual right now. 
My vids r all gonna b on myspace cuz my youtube has completely buggered up 
My virus is back  i thought i was being good, too.
my virus scan has been at the same percentage for about 20 minutes now  
MY vista PC is gone mad Again.. i'm getting very sad fps in Games.. dunno wats wrong.. 
My v-moda headphones have died. So sad 
My voice  I can't even talk and I'm feeling so bad.... I really hate to be sick !
my voice is almost gone 
My voice is completely and utterly destroyed as a combination of all the singing tonight and my cold/flu. Fever is still rampant  #ndc09
my voice is getting croakier as the day goes on and its getting harder to talk 
MY VOICE IS GOING 
My voice is so tired from singing..i'm gonna kill my voice tomorrow 
my voice's screwed up. couldn't talk at all when i woke up. it's better now though^^, what's bad is that i have to study all day 
My volleyball is in the neighbors tree! 
my volleyball team lost today  my teacher was the refree and he cheated so bad...he gave so many points to the other team &gt;=(
My volume don't work 
My waiter at Hometeam is gay. He keeps similing at me  Tick-Tick-Tick
My wakeup alarm was bestfriend @cathyweeeen ... Hailll nawww..School again 
My wallet has gone missing 
My washer and dryer went out.. very bad news.. I had to for the first time go to a laundry mat to do the laundry....It was doo-doo  ha ha
My washing machine is making a whimpering noise like a lonely dog 
my washing machine just broke 
My watch battery finally died 
my watch face is cracked 
my weakness is FAST FOOD and JUNK FOOD..  im gonna be so fat when i grow up .. 
My weakness: kindness 
My web browser won't let me get on the takeout 
my web cam mic isnt working 
My web server is down again - very, very sorry for the inconvenience. Time to start shopping for a new host I guess 
my webcam is being gaaaaaaaaaaay! i wanna show cathy my outfit for tomorrow 
My webhost blocked my IP, I can't update any of my websites! It happened just before I was tweeking my wordpress plugins and layout 
My website is down. 
My Website is getting Shutdown By Apple 
My website needs to be fixed...out of my hands 
My website rel getting hits from M-I-A-M-I eee!!! God damn! but why! lol - I thought I was the hater?? LOL 
my wedding is today and my feet are swollem 
My wedding rings no longer fit.    I'm feeling very pregnant but I still have 3 1/2 more months!  It's a bit harder the 2nd time around.
my wee  boy is unwell 
My Week has started  well, can't wait til friday! :-P
My week in florida is going by way too quick 
My week starts today, Wade_O you are right Monday is evil even though it was a holiday for me that just means that today is my Monday. 
my week; Monday:french final Tues:history&amp;science finals Wend:math&amp;english finals Thurs:religion&amp;drama finals  lord help me
My weekend in seattle is winding down.    Had fresh copper river salmon for dinner at salty's on alki beach.  Great view of the city!
My weekend in Yercaud has come to an end. I'm back at the burning hot melting pot known as Chennai. 
My weekend is over 
my weekend means boring. i guess i need some help,right? 
my weekend officially starts... now. considering i wasted the beginning of it working 
My weekend starts in less than 3 hours, yay.  Too bad I have to give Gunn back to Jeff on Friday 
my weekend was AMAZING!! wow! .. now back to work! 
My wela punched me in the mouth  why wela why
my white chocolate brownies didnt turn out... and i followed the recipe to a T! 
My white sauce just wouldn't thicken 
my whole back is burnt from tanning. ouch 
My whole body aches and i cant fall asleep 
My whole body aches.  I reckon I'm getting sick.
My whole body back pain treatment and detox starts Monday. Not looking forward to a summer of hot yoga and healthy food. 
My whole body feels completely sapped of energy, and there's absolutely no reason for that.  I need real rest.
my whole body hurts , i need a massage bad 
My whole body hurts today. I wish I could blame it on something good like a workout but no 
My whole body hurts.. I wish i had a more comfortable bed here 
my whole body is breaking down in bits and pieces - Paracetamol is useless 
My whole body is hurting me 
my whole body is itchy  allergies suck
My whole body is sore from fitness walking.  
my whole fam are off to the cricket match. i am left at home to revise 
My whole hand is bandaged up  cnt write either
My whole house is sick...fabulous! I feel that virus coming back 
My whole life is full of problems and I only wish to live a new one and to escape from the old... 
My whole life waiting for the ring to prove I'm not alone...  http://myloc.me/2hF4
My whole mood is shot...and people are starting to file out and leave... 
My wife &amp; my son are leaving to India today,I am already feeling very lonely in this Bristish island. I can literally feel my heavy heart 
my wife (Shoplooker) said I get a cold yesterday and i shouldn't twitter in english - hmmmm maybe she have right 
my wife @lvnkeith is gone for the weekend...wont be back until sunday night. sad face 
My wife can't get on the guest list for tomorrows show because it doesn't exist. LAME. I guess no wife at the show. 
My wife didn't want to sleep in our bed tonight. She went to sleep at a friends, slipping out after she thought I was asleep. 
my wife has managed to put his mobile through the washer! He now feels naked without it 
My wife is making dinner for our beloved neighbors who are moving 
my wife keeps singing Susan Boyle! haha...i love it, but i keep getting reminded that she lost 
my wife will not let me get buddy holly glasses 
My wife's terribly against me buying an iPhone..  i just want a gadget tt can watch movies, listen to mp3s and surf net.. 
My wifey is gone for a week to Washington state 
my wifi isnt workin' does anyone know how to fix it?? 
My wiki project is going to have to wait another month  But manager thinks I need loads of time to prepare + has halved my workload 
My window at work is leaking 
My window was left open all day.. 
my windows movie maker is an asshole. 
my wine flue has got worse today 
my winter carnival tv promo ends this week 
my wisdom teeth are coming in. My whole jaw is so sore. 
My wisdom teeth are slowely beatign their way into my head. Owww. I don't like this game anymore, MAKE IT STOP!!! Please sedate me 
my wisdom tooth canes 
My wisdom tooth is popping out and it hurts so bad. 
My wish list for today : 1. More sleep , 2. Even more sleep, 3. A 2hr body massage at cozy. I don't think any of them will come true 
My WMP hates me tonight~ I can't listen to the game. 
My word - COuld my typing be any worse before I have a coffee 
My work got robbed the other night  some bastard took cash from the till and our pays. Nobody was there luckily.
My work week was so busy. I really missed my crafty evenings this week.   Its so good for soul!
my work won't let me play the zombie hooker game on adult swim.com.    sad.
My world has ended because my head phone is busted 
My world is falling apart as we speak. 
My worst nightmare actually... I'm so sorry to everyone who came to the show!!! I'll do better next time!!!!  
My wrist has been constantly hurting for the last 2 weeks. No fraking idea what I did to it. 
My wrist hurts from people making me carry heavy things! I'm a girl! I can't!! 
My wrist hurts so bad 
my wrist hurts so badly  oh well, definitely didn't get as fucked up as some of the other girls on my team. love them all so much &lt;3
my wrist hurts soo bad  I hate it, I'm not made for working I think... still admiring all those professional waiters
MY wrist hurts. I don't know what I did. Sad Pants. 
my wrist is broken. I'm wearing a wicked hot blue splint. 
My wrist is hurting. I think I have carpal tunnel 
My wrist is killing me! 
My wrist is knackered, haven't picked up a drum stick since Sunday  Hope it's better soon!!
my wrist is sprained thanxs to mitchell myles 
My writing is Epic Fail!  I need new friends... lol
My written Urdu is incomprehensible, a fact that shames my daadi 
My xbox 
My X-Box did not like a 16x burn of a movie, but an 8x burn is skip free. Only took me 3 tries to get it right 
My XBOX got Red Ring Last night   Took it into Best Buy today (Had Replacement Plan).  Got new Xbox with no hassle.  Best Buy FTW!!!
My xbox got the red rings of death after being on for two minutes 
My xbox is not working 
My xbox360 died! I have no stress relief  How depressing... and in the middle of moving to a new apartment! UGH! Someone cheer me up.
My Xcode has cobwebs 
my XSD generated class is failing, &quot;unable to generate temporary class&quot; 
my yahoo isnt working 
My Yahoo Pipes date filter should be working 
My yard is full of friends, cold beer, and dogs. I wish i wasn't sick! 
My yardsale rained out and the cat is biting my foot 
My yellow car spun out.  in Kansas City, KS http://loopt.us/6fkJTA.t
My Young Persons Railcard expires in 5 days 
My youngest brother (who is 12) just saw the PEZ logo and asked...&quot;What is Peez?&quot; I am officially old. 
my youtube isn't working 
my zen broke so I had to get a nano  but no computer access today dammit 
My zucchini is being absolutely eaten by bugs.    I need to be more proactive about that, like I am with the ants in the house.
My. Head. ... And no Aspirin anywhere 
my. head. is. sore. 
My... paint palette is in a bathroom in Barnes &amp; Noble. And has been since Friday. I don't suppose it's there anymore. 
My...dream guy is in the room beside mine, asleep.....  enough said.
My..my..my...head hurts 
My.stomach.hurts.SOOOOO BAD! 
mya got lily.. i think she needs stitches  but maybe they figured it all out now and can stop all this ridiculousness!
MyCardboardLife.com 100% Operational again! Server transferring close to complete. Unrehearsed Riot will have down time tomorrow. Sorry. 
myfingertipsareholdingontothecracksinourfoundation. sitting here talking to no one like always. 
Mygoodness. One day at the beach for 2 hours and I swear I'm too shades darker. Its only the third week of june for crying out loud 
Mygz, sorry wasn't able to meet you while you're here..  see you when i see you. i'm glad you're fine now.
mylifeiswackI was found under a rock.. i wasnt born... MLIW---  it was true
myself and the cousin need a ride to tonight's performance. @zoophobic_, @ilovechowduh, @sunSHINE290 txt/call cell please 
myspace facebook and twitter?! 
Myspace froze apparently after uploading only the first 17 of over 100 photos from the Loveless shoot 
Myspace won't let me see my homepage. 
Myspace. Texting. Music. Looking through pictures on my computer. ASDFGHJKL late start. Tmrw is impact day  Should be boring. But fun. LOL
mysql has failed on my server again... not impressed... second time this month 
mystery diagnosis. sad 
Mysteryland is UITVERKOCHT!! I warned you!! 
Myvi arrived today, but I didn't get to be there to see it  dad's pretty upset because of this i think. sighhh. but still PTL for d car!
Myy phone gott wettt!! I hope it doesntt mess up 
myy phones goina flat 
N dee movies....tho I have bootlegs  nigga cnt settle for bootlegs always gotta go to the movies, I cnt mess. 3 for 10 is my calling.
N den on top of dat I still aint seen Hangova, so who wanna take me or @ least keep me company..  plz
n if she needs 2 sleeps she needs 2 sleep. no questions about it, twittering through my phone is killing my thumbs 
n im NOT so much better without u 
N I'm POUTing cause I'm gonna miss RAW 
N my bed aaallll alone 
n now, i cant have them for mine. 
N nw dis F*** up.. D fight is 20 mins late..I hate dis man..Cud hav written 2-3 more mails.. n its a surprise visit 4 ma mom n gf..   #fb
N Right now i'm in party mood!!  WHOO HOO...too bad there are no parties going on   Oh well I'll have my own party! It will b AMAZING
'n Sync - Bye, Bye, Bye - NSYNC http://bit.ly/A3w6L  @laurajane29 promised me she'd teach me the dance - she didn't 
N.O.L.F. 2 doesn't seem to work on Vista/Win7 
n/m. I guess It's only reruns of Ned's. 
N0T FEELING WELL AT ALL T0DAY! 
N33DZ to return his H&amp;M padded mini dress  whatever if it did fit I would have puny narrow shoulders and my head would look huge ; )
N79 sales package says I'd have Software DVD in the box, dont have it  http://europe.nokia.com/n79/specifications
N810 keeps freezing every 2-3 minutes . . . May have to send it back 
não tô no ritmo do twitter 
nói  Ăn thịt nướng làm đàn ông khó có con (_8-X_)    Theo Bacsigiadinh ) http://bit.ly/I6DCS
naaah. nothing i dont already hav. 
naaawww she ladygaga isnt a very goood danser on rove  i feel sorry for her
nada surf. but its only in tokyo... whyyyyy? so bummed 
NADAL  FUCKING OWN THIS BASTARD ! ! !
Nadal and Ivanovic down!!  RG finales will be so boring.
Nadal is out!!!!    It was a very tough match to watch. Happy news......roddick is still in.
NADAL LOST!! That really sucks. 
nadal not in wimbledon this yr  though a federer fan, i still want nadal to play !
Nadal not playing Wimbledon 
Nadal pulled out of Wimbledon 
Nadal pulled out of wimbledon!!! i wanted a show down between rafa and fed ! 
Nadal pulls out of Wimbledon... Wat a shock early morning 
Nadal struggled in an exhibition match today - not yet healthy. Chances are he is not going to Wimbledon!  http://bit.ly/15kBPD
Nadal suffers shock defeat at Roland Garros 
Nadal Withdraws From Wimbledon.... 
Nadal won't play in Wimbledon.  Sayang.
Nadal, defending champion for Roland Garros, just lost to Soderling! Undefeated for around 30+ matches in French Open  lost
Nadal'is out so I have not much choice but to cheer for federer 
nadal's pulled out of wimbledon..  such a shame. still, now murray's got a bigger chance of winning. just wish he was a bit more likeable.
Nadia's preparing her lugages...and i've to stay here until...buh...i don't know...  
Nagra 3 is up so FTA is down 
Nah baby it's just cold in here... 
Nah even know how to work this shit!   gota get on off ma ass n walk all the way home 
nah man we just got here. and there was no britney involved  SOMEONES not a fan....
Nah not yet  im goin on friday to get it !
nah, its not. 
Nah, Pao!  Dili ko kabalo unsaon ug follow-follow   or accept sa imong invitation :-O
Nah, Really got bored... Just sitting and watching Star Cricket Channel... 
Nail art is not the best.   I was very disappointed in it.
Nail polish is sooo irritating at times... 
Nails are pretty I just hate I banged them up. 
nails gone.. time for rock climbing!! still no phone  def. tomorrow for sure.. gym time..then coloring my hair white!
Nails hurt  and watching how I met ur mother ! Wooo !
N'aime personne de Secret Story. IN want a new Cyril 
Naiya's dog on her dad's side got put down yesterday. We and that dog had some memories...its so sad 
Naked ironing at home... ...waiting. 
nall i didnt get a cut... 
Nambu doesn't handle dms well 
naming and writing organic formulae.... gotta love chemistry.....  .
nan coming over today, but my brother s still off school 
Nana got moved. No more funny old woman stories 
Nana nap turned into a full blown 2hr sleep!!  Damn it's Sunday night already, how the hell did that happen?? 
Nanana I'm boreddd I have to make up like ten tests todayy yo and then finals till tuesdayy  ahh fmutb
nananana... i cant find anywhere to watch fringe online :l well i did.. but its liek all japanese.. and wont load now. 
Nancy Pelosi gave the worst commencement speech I've ever heard. Yes I'm still bitter about this
Na-Night TwitterLand,, Ill Tweet 2moz Nyt Cuz Ive Got Work  LoveYouuuuu xxxx
Nanna's bakery sounds like an awesome idea right now...or even tomorrow but I dont think they are open tomorrow 
Nanny called - seems her daughter is going down with the pox 
Nans in Hospital 
Naomi is finally gone....  I will miss her!!
Naomi says hi, she has no twitter, she should get twitter, oh she's not allowed it, not even msn, poor child 
Nap  before bringing Jess to the airport. 
Nap time to prepare for work tonight 
Nap time would be a lot better with my best friend here 
nap time! sooo tired. 
nap time. im so tired. :/ and tonight...parade. woo... 
nap was great..{SB: boyf might not b able 2 take me 2 the airport on thurs..cuz he'll miss like 4hrs of work 
NAPLAN is over! But science tomorrow  Studying now. ;(
napostponed ang opening ng classes namin. I hate A(H1N1)! kaasar! 
Napped and missed the gym! Busy day, bed early! Class tomorrow 
napped the whole afternoon away... 
Napped. Still tired. Have to work tomorrow. 
naps are evil. why can't i just take short ones? mine always last a few hrs...it's impossible to wake up and now i have a headache. 
Naps on buses never satisfy me. Haha but it made me remember all the bball and soccer away games that were sooo fun...I miss the seniors 
naps wanted. Sunburn should not be a thing 
naptime is no fun without my other teacher here to keep me company 
Nargg... Sitting at base with Trav &amp; waiting to get a new military id card, which is taking for freakin' ever 
Nargis One Year Anniversary.  Still haunts me as nightmare
narrowly missed the Metro crash.... cannot believe that just happened 
NAS has landed - so wish I didn't have to go to St Neots for client meeting. Even when I get home I have a stack of work to get done 
NASA launch scrubbed again due to hydrogen leak at the same place 
Naseated at home, in BEd. Misses her dadddy 
Naser has a strep throat and the weather outside is just so right  Gulping hot water down the larynx can be su.. http://tinyurl.com/ddu6oy
Nastia I miss you so much, 1 month...I'm gonna die 
nasty scraping noises from the back of my car ... 
Nasty summer cold.  Blargh.
nataliaflewell  hey all so bored and in pain .. anyway god is my love life ever screwd 
Natalie and I are on our way back to LA. 
natalies horsey is sick  waiting for the vet..pray for the best
natasha just called me fat 
Natasha's fever is rapidly raising again ... getting really worried now 
Nate and Blair broke up after prom! 
NATE DELETED HIS TWITTER!? WHAT A LITTLE ASS FUCKING KIDNEY STONE PISSIG VAGINA LICKING SHIT MONKEY 
Nate if you are reading this I'm sorry if I don't log on. It's because the internet connection is really bad where in my hotel room. 
nate leaves tomorrow 
Nathan just left to go teach a drumline camp 
National Archives has a nice web-interface, search for: suffrage http://www.digitalvaults.org feminism gives no hits 
National Donut  day and Scottie with no donut  
national JONAS day is officially over. 
Nationals Lost  Where was Jeff? Why wasn't Dan Playing? Sucks!            But Jays Won!!!
Nationwide Online Bank seems to be down  Anyone else?
Naturally there is an umbrella in the car every day except the day it rains. 
nature is strange, Werner Herzog narrating the &quot;certain death&quot; of a penguin...   http://bit.ly/8vVGZ
NATURE SHOULD BE SAVED! 
Naughty #Bing - Seems to be in Europe is the Video function not active.  http://tinyurl.com/ltjf9f
naupte buna/good night all, please pray for us as we have lost my bf Grandma in sibiu romania,he did not get to see her since 5 years ago 
Nauseated again 
Nauseated. Doorhanging. 
naw  last flower of my orchid fell off  sad times. http://twitpic.com/7xrn7
naw heath ledger 
nawI onlysaw guys in cars driving by. Noone just outside 
naww at rebecca on brothers and sisters, its so sad 
naww poor salwa, not getting a reply from ben! 
nawww  i just lost a follower.. who was it ?  lol
naya..  .. but sarah will be make an album! I'm sure!
nba 2k9 at 4 am...i need sleep 
NBC is reporting the dollar is at its lowest against the Euro since Jan. 
NBC's coverage of the French Open men's semi was a joke. Has anyone seen the #Federer v Del Potro match?Not on #tennis channel either 
NBKinesiology: waiting for NRMA......My car won't start 
NC college student creates &quot;hitchiking roadside monster&quot; out of construction barrels. hilarious! then he got arrested  http://bit.ly/KQZNw
Nca nca what was that? Yho hw do u cum bck frm dat 
NCAA championship on OneHD... if you live in Sydney 
NCP no longer has job placement 
Nd N0W MY Ph0NE iSZ DYiN!  DAMN Y0u AlltEl..St0P SElliN ME bAd Ph0NESZ! ASZh0lESZ.. 
ndiswrapper doesn't want to play ball today 
Ndit, Ari Permadi, Angga, Eki, Laksono Im counting on you for physics, cant study anymore 
Near death smh.! soooo S i C K  head hurts allergies acting up its All bad.!
Nearlly finished my shift. Thank god had enough of people losing stuff. But in all weekend so not good 
Nearly a week since I saw Biscuit last. 
nearly at 4,700 if ally would stop tweeting i could watch up with her  
nearly at the end of gossip girl (: i don't want to season to end though 
Nearly back home now  wants too see TBS again tonight
Nearly bk home to realise i actually need to start revising majorly  god how depressing.
Nearly bought a grade A LV,but didnt cos every1 will know its fake-i dont look like i can afford LV  but its so pretty..n expensive too.
nearly bought a neon head collar and lead rope....but i didnt 
Nearly broken my headfones 
nearly done in ldn  its been amazing.  but home later to my peeps and tomorrow its the festival yip yip
nearly dropped the wii remote in my coffee. why do people not enjoy my pouting when i look in mirrors? i cant help it 
Nearly every school textbook comes with a PDF version on CD - except the ones we bought. Oh, they can _sell_ us one #customerservice_FAIL 
nearly finished c4, and i'm out tomorrow 
nearly got an escape the fate t-shirt.... neraly, 
Nearly home time. One more job on Lisburn Road and off to bed since been on the go since 6 this morning 
Nearly home. Missed everyone 
Nearly in tears watching Sunday... There needs to be some more education so they learn these beautiful children are not witches 
nearly killed a kid on a bike pulling out of my driveway this morning. Thank goodness he's ok. Car is scratched tho 
nearly KO-ed at work. the word anemic keeps being thrown around 
Nearly met ze borders ghost tonight. Adrian left me behind to save himself 
nearly time for coffee one, then can battle through the emails 
Nearly time to go to work...  At least Manga keeps me happy! On final volume of 'Absolute Boyfriend'! sooo cuute!
Nearly took my eye out on corner of box. Glasses were almost a goner. My eyelid is now protesting against the pain  I hate my klutziness
Neatza! Am dormit ca naiba, as dormi tot weekendul asta, been a long week  Insa ma pregatesc sa fug spre Craiova pt Romanian Music Awards.
Nebody headed 2 ICT this aft.? Want 3 hitchhikers? promise, 2/3 of us r cute &amp; entertaining! Hubs can't run us to airport   - work crisis.
neck hurts  and is going to hurt even more tomorrow 
Neck hurts from a hard ass wreck wakin today!  night guys! See ya tomorrow
neck hurts. a lot. 
Neck is killin 
neck still hurts as hell  but finally up. Gotta take a shower and get ready for school. 2 days left!!
neck strain 
ned to go to beathroom, don't know if i can reach/find clothes. need to walk outsie to get to bathroom. ok at night, not ok in daylight. 
neda is a true hero willing to die for what she believed in 
Neda on youtube   http://tr.im/pem3
Neda's image has been etched on my memory. I'm deeply depressed and it's become intolerable for me to keep up with the news... 
Nee.. File  Location: http://gpstwit.com/qhi
Need ( but don't want ) to get hair cut , my ends of hair so dry and don't looks healthy 
NEED 2 get on a better sleep sch!Up alone w nada 2 do bc evry1s  sleepin, &amp; passed out while ppl r out enjoyin the sunshine. Help!! 
need 2 go to job....... 
need 2 raise sum money... qiuck time... 
Need 2 sort my shit out! 
need 2 stop worrying. Bummed tho. Friend who did taxes 4 me last yr claimed so much in deductions, it may screw me in getting this house 
need a back rub  dead tired....desperately need a vacay!
Need a bandaid after vaccinations  - Photo: http://bkite.com/08zPv
need a brain mine is failing me 
need a camera blower.. my camera censor is dirteeh.. 
need a cuddle 
need a cup of coffee... 
need a cuppa but no milk  If I go out and buy some my delivery will be here when I get back, so trying to be patient.
Need a different antibiotic.  This one's making me sick.  
need a freaking quote for the year book 
Need a geometry set or gonna fail geography test  someone help me!!
need a hug 
Need a hug and for my face ache to subside. Also need sleep... I hate this stinking cold! 
need a hugg 
Need a job, but hate applying.   why can't it be easier?
need a job...badly...times are getting rough 
Need a life change 
Need a lift around 9/10am to get tire  anybody game? DM or text/call please, may not be watching Twitter/Facebook/etc. L: http://shor ...
Need a Mac pigments supplier. blah! No more golden olive 
NEED A NEW BASKETBALL TEAM TO JOIN!!! 
need a new job!! 
need a new job.. whats life got for me next 
Need a new lamp for my bedroom. Old one broke 
Need a new router  Fed up of having to reset it every time I want to go online.
need a sexy #drupal template for a Paris travel business. Templatemonster and alikes suck  - #design #webdesign
Need a someone to hangout with today..everyone else is occupied 
need a vacation 
Need a vacay tho...*someone* offered Vegas, but I don't think it'll be the same without my girls 
need alcohol first.   #3turnoffwords
Need another 10k for my B18C block upgrade 
Need another pillow here, Mine is so flat I cant move my neck now 
need better pain pills  this shit sucks
Need coffee and such for my nervous system ^^ haha i miss you 
Need coffee! So tired today. Couldn't sleep tonight 
Need coffee, URGENT.......feel like sleep-walking  It´s so dark here in the office - raining outside, no sun!
Need coffee.. @_@  Too many agenda.. student conference, small reunion of junior high, case reports.. I want an extended weekend 
NEED coffee..going 2 be a long day w/out Carrie 
Need dayquil 
need fruity noms 
need gallons of coffe  another sleepless night 
Need help with my homework 
Need hit again? Why do I bother saying anything? Just makes everything a mess or upsets people. Ugh 
need hugs 
Need me a guitar with a skinnier neck, man. Got me kinda small hands. Can't reach the bass 
Need Microsoft Points  so much DLC!
need money 
Need more advil.... 
Need more coffee 
need more followers......i only have 9 followers ... used to be ten  
need more painkillers ... hope the doc can fix this next week 
need more sales! pant's pocket feeling very light 
Need more tour 
need music on to sleep. hear too many distracting sounds...need to be up in five hours. 
need my back popped 
Need my eye drops!  eye is all sticky and hurty. Toothache seems ok now. This is so annoying! #getbettersoonkat
NEED MY FIX OF THE HOTTIE FROM SERBIA! 
need my life back on track. Someone help me. 
need my venom comics! THEY'RE VANISHED, DISAPPEARED.. ''POOF'' GONE! neverrrrrr! k, ima read Quest instead  .. its fun though, dont laugh!
Need my wimbledon fix, but living in the West Coast means I have to wake up early 
Need need need to pee. 
need new jacket 
NEED NEW PHOTOS FOR MY FOLIO!! 
Need new screws, not enough money. 
Need nicotine  boo
Need opinions: #Joomla OR #Drupal? I was hoping for #Django but it's not supported by my host  #php
Need papers 
need paracetamol to magically appear--i seem to not have any. 
need rest but need Michelle 
need sleep but have 2 do this stupid ancient thingo  damn
Need sleep n my back has been hurt all day... Not feeling this getting old 
need sleep ready 2 o 2 the beach but aint tierd 
need some chips! 
Need some form of motivation to get my work done 
Need some help 
Need some help. How do you add a pix to a post using a BB with Twitterberry? For that matter how do you add a link? Cant figure at all. 
need some inspiration 
need some kinda inspiration to study. 
Need some Link Building done 
Need some nice words  Feeling like a fatty
Need something to do... AH! I'm gonna go have ice cream... then water the plants  then get ready for softball!!! I HAVE A PLAN!!!!!
need summer rolls for lunch. No good sushi joints near Kings Mountain 
NEED SUMTHING FOR THIS EXCRUCIATING HEADACHE 
Need tablets 
need the rest of my family back. 
Need ticketmaster to give me good news soon 
Need to arrange my car insurance 
Need to BBQ more often. Not only for the food, but it also looks like I'm starting to become a little rusty at it 
need to bring the works to home this weekend 
need to buy a bigger mouse. the small one might give me carpal tunnel 
need to buy a yellow t-shirt for team building on saturday.  http://plurk.com/p/roz3c
need to buy Little Women. and a new March issue of Candy mag ,too.  it got lost. the issue where nick jonas is featured. dang. :|
need to buy more dogg treats! 'elmo' been grumpy all day! 
need to buy my All Time Low tix ASAP. going with don is it weird that parentals will drop and pick us up? .. 19 yrs old and no license 
Need to change my jeans. Dropped Salsa all over them 
Need to charge my phone 
need to clean don't want to clean but need to find my house 
Need to clean my desk. Papers have piled up to start blocking the lower edge of the screen... Literally drowning. 
Need to clean, need to get motivated...too tired.  listening to sad songs doesn't help either
need to come up w/ another term for our fansite. AH doesn't like the term &quot;official fansite&quot; 
