One more day left 
One more day left here  this place defiantly puts Florida to shame , Lmao . Tomorrow is the Jonas concert &lt;3
one more day of break before summer classes  movies &amp; relaxin all night.
one more day of meetings until no meeting day, already full of meetings 
One more day off then back to work 
One more day on the piss then back to work on Wednesday. 
One more day until vacation is over! 
one more episode of cinderella man left, this is so sad 
One more exam to go! ...geography. 
One more final to go.  Only 11 chapters to study in 48 hours.  NBD? 
Since swine flu came to the UK our media doesn't seem to report cases in other countries. It's like they don't care 
since the place is far.  Teacher Kels is soooo awesome! Saw Sir Jhapes again! Yay! .
Since there's no one interresting i guess i'll leave. 
Since there's no such thing as a lull time here on #Twitter, I'll just have to keep trying to follow you back... over and over.  Sorry 
Since this casefile became optional, I just don't feel like doing it.... But I need the participation mark   motherfucker.
Since this is the longest baseball game ever and it's starting to bore me, I'm going to watch The Ruins instead. I'm scared. 
Since upgrading to iPhone os 3.0, the wifi range has dropped considerably and I can't find my upstairs router 
Since when did &quot;Reach out&quot; become preferred business-speak in place of &quot;we'll give [someone] a call&quot;? Oh well - it is what it is. 
since when does nick at nite have the nanny on every night? life sucks without a tv  although i should really be working on my paper lol
Since when instructables.com charges for tutorials??   #capitalism #fail
since when is KROGER not 24 hrs...smh...jus went to 3 diff krogers to find this out 
since when was the final of the apprentice on tonight, so bummed i had it series linked... 
Since yesterday my hand has felt like it was falling asleep 
since you've gone away, everythings don't seem like they used to be between you &amp; me, cause i'm missing you 
Sincere thoughts and prayers for loved ones of Air France crash passengers  RIP
sine may be too small for us!  got here too late to even eat, woe
Sing along with me &quot;You tell me your blue skies fade to grey You tell me your passion's gone away And I don't need no carryin' on&quot; 
Singapore noodles so not as good as chow mien  but sushi pwns all xD
singin thi song about you!! 
singing &quot;our love is like a song BUT u wont sing along&quot; 
Omg fuck off! I hate Spanish �.�   I'm too tired for school on a Sunday 
Omg fuck this humidity. its like 95 degress at my work right now 
Omg fucking demon parrot Paco is trying to kill me! Lola is being nice to me today.  
Omg going to metro now 
OMG gonna take 20 years for me to get my M.R.I scan 
OMG Google just said tetris is celebrating its 25th aniversary .. say it aint so I dont feel old enough to remember that start so well... 
Omg greys anatomy was like  so gud omg poor izzie and alex was like so upset 
Omg hahaha! Stewie did the slow cry.  Ahah
Omg hahhaa I already forgot.... But wait... This sat? I'm going to be in AC 
Omg hangover from hell.  and I think I had bad meat.
OMG HANNAH MONTANA MOVIE WAS AWESOME!!!!! AGH LOVED IT SO MUCH! the guy was hot ;) hahaha @SabrinaBryan no dont leave me hanging 
OMG has just smashed my tall mirror, how many years bad luck is that???? does anyone know.  
omg have to go to greek school in 1 hour. it goes for 3 hours, luckily i only have to do it once a week....dont like it! 
OMG Holby! Linden and FAYE?!!?!?! I dont like it! Its wrong |||:O Poor Linden  still think if she hadnt been KILLED then Maddy and Linden♥
OMG Horny Hottie is now Horny Sophie GRRR 
omg hottest chick i've seen all summer!! pero esta con su novio 
OMG how I hate #FollowFriday and the spam it brings so so so much. 
OMG how i miss GG on modays   i am sooo bored and it just doesnt stop raining
Omg how sad is that rhys jones programme 
one more hour before my dentist appointment  *happy thoughts*: Bud Light and steak...bud light and steak...bud light and steak...
One more hour of studying. Waiting for my ride, then BIO EXAM 
One more hour till I get on board 
one more inconsoulable day at work..... 
One more live Kings Of Leon then back to the reality that I'm not at or able to go to a KOL concert  ♫ http://blip.fm/~7dski
one more night 
one more night before i go back to school tomorrow. vacation's almost over 
One more night in SoCal.    I'm gonna miss everyone.
One more project and my MBA is complete!  Now I just need to explain why American Airlines is getting crushed in my project. 
one more show before they've got to go  i'm dying to thank you all guys, BRAZIL LOVES YOU! thanks for coming! 
One more slide and the deck is done, at least version 1 
One more test today... silly as it sounds - can't wait for the actual exams! Emotinally - I'm drained... 
one more time. 
one more week to enjoy parties.. next week i'll be busy again  no more parties for me anymore
One more week until summer classes 
One more week until summer.  
One more week! And noone is down to go to midnight showing of transformers with me  i guess i'll go by myself
Singing is way off today so I'm sad. 
singing old song :Turn back time&quot;....Aqua...I wish I can turn it back my time 
Singing to calm down... 
Singing..&quot;Lonely...I'm so lonely...I've got somebody but he's not at home 
Single again  i miss him ~AresEros~
single again, apparently...fuck, that's no good for me OR unsuspecting women... 
single again, back to square one 
single and pregnant, definitely didn't expect this....heartbroken 
SINGLE...BUT WANTIN MY NIGGA BACK 
SingPost lost my parcel, now i am in trouble 
sings a song for him, missing him so much 
sings All alone am I!.... 
one night down  watching cod... not much time left
one of mah baby tooths is finally at the end of its existence. 
One of my babies (Turin Cat), is sick. Need to take him to the vet first thing in the morning. Poor little sweetie pie. 
One of my best friends is leaving me for 3 months  Just came back from her goodbye party, was fun but sad ;(
One of my best friends is leaving me for Japan! 
one of my best friends just left and I miss her already! 
one of my best friends leaves for the marines today  good luck out there gary!
one of my best girlfriend's is going into the army in two weeks now, it was just moved up like a month. oh sad day. 
one of my bestfriends refuses to move to ipswich cos its ' too cold '; i even offered to buy her a jumper 
one of my boston terriers is limping like crazy :/ its really bothering me. 
One of my cats peed &amp; it stinks n here now  ~K~
One of my colleagues just quit today 
One of my colleagues voted bnp, the pleb. Currently doing research to show them the error of their ways. I can't say much I didn't vote 
One of my coworkers was preaching about how the end of the world was near. It reminded me of @greeneyedqtee, i miss her 
one of my doggies isnt well  awh man! lifes a bitch!
one of my earpieces on my headphones is dead 
One of my eyes is puffy and the other isn't 
One of my eyes is red 
One of my fav icons has passed away - RIP Farrah Fawcett  
One of my favorite Mexican Soap Operas is over tomorrow  Another good one is due to come out on Monday, haha! I love me some Soap Operas.
Singstar! Not liking alcohol at the moment 
Sinking into the couch with Gossip Girl and chocolate. Yeah I'm THAT depressed. 
Sinus headache 
Sinus headache/pressure = fail 
Sinus pain and runny nose still there, tingly throat coming back. Downed vitamins and glass of Airborne. Need tissue travel pack.  #tek09
sinus pressure and headache (from allergies) is to the point of being so unbearable i just want to hide in the quiet and get a good sleep 
Sinusesss please stop hurting  goodnight!
Sippin a Heineken and Tokin my bong.. tryin to get over the Cavs loss 
Sipping a scotch and water and wanna put bubbles in my spa BUT too cool outside and no fun alone!   Where is everyone...Playing lol
Sipping coffee and watching the waves at Newport Pier. They are 0-1&quot;. That's right- inch. 
sipping red wine reading my e/mails. Cold out here tonite 
One of my favourite trees has been butchered by some evil gardeners... 
One of my favs growing up. They don't make family shows like this anymore  http://twitpic.com/6fkjb
One of my fingernails is breaking.  My nails were becoming impressively long, too.  Time to snip! 
One of my fish died.  And it's my mom's birthday pa naman.
One of my friends promised to call me in the evening but didn't call..OMG I have to get angry with him now...I hate careless people  
One of my friends used to be really interesting and funny and stuff, but now they're just annoying. it's so sad when friends fall apart. 
One of my headphones broke and i don't have money right now to be buying new ones.  
One of my kids ran away! 
One of my neighbours is listening to Abba - Dancing queen cranked up with the window open, there is a time &amp; a place for abba! 
one of my site's PR dropped  http://plurk.com/p/n0jlt
One of my ties got accidentally wish... 
One of my user's workstations  http://yfrog.com/5520wj
one of my very best mates is moving Wed morning... I'm actually quite sad.   this is so unlike me!
one of my wheels has a rash wtf dont know how i got it i park so far away from everything 
One of our cats is with conjunctivitis again because of FHV-1. She's visibly depressed  One week administering lysine for both...
One of our faculty found out he has meningitis over the weekend, he's presently in hospital.  I hate to be sick this time of year 
one of our Wellington yellow pages book has had pages torned off, it was 6 weeks old 
One of the additional downsides to Crossing Jordan's demise, no weekly Steve Valentine. 
one of the baby birds that was in the nest fell out.  she can't fly yet, either. so she's just kind of hopping around.
sirius stock is kicking ass, too bad i sold 1000 shares earlier this month 
Sis and mom had a fight, grandma is acting invalid (she's not), and doing my dad's laundry or he won't have anything else to wear. Suck. 
Sis got thrown out window today. Cant move two fingers has to see plastic surgeon in morning 
Sis is getting a grilled cheese from Nations. Wished I didn't feel sick. Nooo appetite 
Sis is spending her time with friends (barbecue...), I'm here (home) with books... not fair... 
Sis saw some signs asking for info about a cat shot on Sawmill in Raleigh. Crazy people. 
Sis thinks my glasses (http://twitpic.com/44uuh) are weird   ...She's clearly a hater lol jk.
sissy's dance recital and baccalaureate (possibly the hardest word to spell) today. she's growing up 
Sister &amp; her family beginning to move out today. Bitter-sweet. Feels like I'm shifting to partial custody w/ the kids &amp; dog. 
sister came back...but nothing for me 
Sister come help me 
Sister going back to Australia  might as well drink the rest of the red wine since no-one else likes it. Cheers! #fb
sister got us in trouble. hav 2 go 2 brothers BORING baseball game 
sister still on cam. having their dinner... i miss them! i miss home...  i miss my dad and nephews... arrghhh!!! been 2 years.
sister was just admitted to the hospital...waiting to hear how bad it is 
sister's cat Meatball has had its leg crushed- needs to be amputated now, poor little thing 
One of the books I ordered isn't being released for another month due to delays. 
one of the bunnies is standing on their little castle trying to get out of his cage  so sad omg
One of the charms on my keychain broke 
One of the chrome wheels has sprinkler water spots that wouldn't come out    Have never had to polish them before, not sure how, sigh
One of the dudes got on a &quot;friends of J Dilla shirt&quot;! Couldn't pic it anymore  aight I'm all the way in the back of the plane...
one of the elephant ears i potted it shooting up at a rate of 2&quot; per day! the other is nonexistent. i think i put it in upside down. 
One of the Exiles stories made me well up in the train station. I tried not to cry while so many people were around 
one of the fish has died 
one of the hardest choices i ever hav 2 make, do i stay and go for the internship, or go home, get a job asap? considering how skint i am 
one of the issues with hosting in the US is the timezone difference - off-peak outage for them = peak time outage for me 
one of the kittens fell into the mop bucket poor thing had to wash it 
One of the kittens my bitch of a neighbor adondoned. Shivering in the cold  trying to get the little one used to people and get rescu ...
one of the nights i despise having to live in woodlands 
One of the problems with packing - putting down my cell phone amid the mess and not being about to find it 
One of the puppies found a home a couple days ago, he's gone now 
One of the rounds at trivia was about my arch-nemesis, dogs. 
one of the stewards is discussing someone's 'final destination'! wonder why they never show that movie on planes? hmm 
Sister's graduation is over and the party was great. Finally got to see my dad for a few hours. He's gone now  I'm a little blue.
sisters left to england  so I'm taking her room, haha. Major cleaning to be done. Especially the bathroom.
sit back and say to my self.... yea,.. i thought so... 
Site down due to traffic overload   back soon!
Site has been through a bit of downtime over the past week with a lack of updates  We have some more stuff planned for the comin week.
Site is next to busy road - busy even at 1 am 
Site load rising again. Increased my capacity but it's going up still 
Site redesign nearly complete! Gotta go to work though 
Site still struggling to display   Joys of DNS tweaking lie ahead...
Site was down all weekend  I've just put up a couple of WSOP updates for event 2 - http://kl.am/wsop3 - http://kl.am/wsop4.
Sitimg down watching robert play the game how fun 
Siting down watching robert play the game how fun 
sito down one more time 
sits at home ON A SATURDAY and has nothing to do  Argh, that`s really,really frustrating...
sitten on the bus with war lauren to skl  bad times :p
Sittin @ my parents house with no power  FML once again I'm starvin! Guess ill jus go 2 bed n get me some Henry's n the morning
Sittin at a friends house trying to stay up all nite (haha). 
sittin at home bored!!!!! 
sittin at home hungrrrry! 
sittin at home on ma own  who needs men
sittin at home watchin tv dont really want to go to deleware for a whole month im gonna miss mah babe 
sittin at home with my hair did with nowhere to go  #squarespace
omg how shit can today be? gahh!! perfect weather and conditions for the perfect summer day.. but its nothing to get excited about 
Omg I actually love Bruno!!!! Damn I wish I could see that 
OMG i aint watching blown @lyriciss do they replay it again 
OMG I almost died the last 20 mins that Twitter was'nt workin. Clearly I'm addicted! 
OMG I ALMOST HAD A ORGASM WATCHING NEW MOON TRAILER, AND I CRIED WATCHING TWILIGHT 
OMG i almost lost my license lastnight  not good
Omg i almost ran over a squrril this time. Im dangerous to forest critters 
Omg I already spent too much money on clothes today  ughhhh. Hopefully I don't buy too much in LA!
Omg i am finally at the house my legs are killing me  lol
Omg i am late!  haha but they love me too much to mind lol ok. Just kidding. - http://tweet.sg
Omg I am not taking my bus  twitter world is there anyone who can drive me homw 
Omg I am on Zoo Tycoon lol... Had to start again cos it failed last time 
OMG I AM SO BORED. I cannot be here for two ish more hours. I NEED TABLES. 
OMG I am SO hot I feel like im sitting in a sana or something......i dont feel good 
OMG i am so hungover (four days drinking) not good when you have rehearsals 12-6. Might have to go to hospital with siobhan! A&amp;E! 
OMG I am so mad another one of my Guitar string broke and I wasn't even playing it why  err
omg i am so sad i just got a lot of un-followers  can people help me get more please please please!?
omg i am soooo bored. i want to do something. i want to go somewhere. and i cant. 
Omg i am soooooo tired  but an amazing night :] but i have school so that sucks 
omg I am too scared to play fallout 3...there are ghouls waiting for me in this room and they look scary 
OMG I ate at a restaurant and they gave me semi-cooked grilled chicken tenders. 
omg i cannot believe i just found these: photobucket.com/alleyg ripcurlz17.livejournal.com i feel really old  MEMORIEZZ
OMG I cannot belive how many replies I got  I can't reply to all  Safe to say randomness vodka wins. I'll put the milkshake back.
OMG I can't believe how MTV violated Eminem...it was disgusting and hilarious!!!!! I feel bad 4 him  It was funny though
Omg i can't believe the fact that i've been having a low tolerance on alcohol for the past few days! 
omg i can't do anything right! school gets me soooooo depressed 
OMG I can't even swallow this morning. 
Omg i cant fall asleep bc i drank half a cup of orange soda ... 4hours ago 
Omg I can't find the spider and it's making me really paranoid! 
Omg I can't open links on my twitter. Ohs nos 
omg i cant understand the point of this site!!!! 
Omg i cant wait forr freaking summer. ! ugh i hate sundays !  grrr
Omg I cleaned this house from top to bottom with bleach! My nose is burning everytime I inhale I still smell the bleach.. 
Omg I completely wasted my time attending this workshop in DC! I shouldve stayed in NY 
OMG I DISLIKE MY SISTER AGAIN! she had Pinkberry on Friday! 
Omg I don't have anything for breakfast  whose takin me out??
omg i dont wanna go to workplacement 
OMG I feel like crap! Can't wait to get some antibiotics in the morning! My throat is killing me 
Omg I feel like poop (still). I hate being sick! 
OMG i feel likee readingg, like a book :O somethingg must be wrong with me  HP4 anybody??
omg i feel so sorry for tht wee granda 
omg i feel soo bad my neighbor lost her cat and her house is along the woodss say a pray that he comes homee  
OMG I fell asleep on Twitter that's really saaaaad! Night night every body 
OMG I FORGOT MICHEAL! So Sorry  @idoltour09
Omg i found a doner kebab pop noodle!...not that nice though 
omg i give up i will try again later, screw you konami 
OMG i got up at 6:15am and went for a jog when i got back i felt soo sick so i didnt go to school or work 
OMG i had a crush on this MAN for years &amp; Word is he's gay!  Say it aint so! (Not a celeb)
OMG i had broken my  feet nail again  :O I hate this 
OMG i hate being a girl sometimes i'm in my moods well every girl knows wat tht means grrrr!!!!!!! blah!!!! 
OMG I HATE SOCIAL WHORES!!! and they're beging to prey on me! 
omg i hate this movie it sucks 
Omg I have a massive headache!  
omg i have a wound at my back. it hurts. 
OMG i have an eyelash in my eye and i cant get it out.  haha
omg i have bit the my bottom left side of my lip like 3 times today. its hurts  stupid teeth! grr!
omg i have cried too many times tonight 
omg i have math exam one week later .. 
One of the three people I know in Seattle got hit by a car a few hours ago.  He's alive but in the hospital, and may need surgery.  
one of the top item on my top 10 to-buy list....Le Creuset cookware sets.  i want i want i wanttttt!
one of the top items on my top 10 to-buy list....Le Creuset cookware sets.  i want i want i wanttttt!
one of the unexpected disadvantages of parents separating - you spend a lot more time on your own. wish mum would come back from work 
one of those days ... when nothing works right 
One of those days where everyone AFKs me again 
One of those down days,  self medicating
one of those mornings when u wake up and u know things wont ever be the same again 
one of those who has to work today  but only working 8 instead of my regular 12. Not bad at all!
One part of my sunburn still hurts.  Gonna be another beautiful day! ...too bad I have to work.
one part of the written exam done! rest now 
one patient passed away tonight... makes me feel kinda depressed. also heard that 2 babies about to be baptized died on a car accident.. 
one point na lang..  http://plurk.com/p/xg0kt
One problem about working on weekends as well as weekdays is that you lose track of what day it is... I thought it was wednesday today 
One problem I ran into hear come the girls, I feel guilty 
one puking kiddo to kick off my week....let's hope the other one doesn't get whatever she has.  
One regression from 8.10 is with the Intel graphics drivers. I can't use compiz anymore  But i'm sure that's intel's fault.
One rust spot on my car is now repaired. About 4 more for this weekend and then painting. 
one side of my face is burnt 
one side of my face is numb an i have 2 new fillings in my head 
One side of our lab smells like one big funky foot 
One step forward, two steps back. I'm re-doing stuff I spent yesterday un-doing. 
sittin at home.  summer school tomorrow.  grr. really missing him. 
Sittin at home. still waiting. hope he txts me soon. I wish he didnt have to go to the rehersal dinner!!!   I misss him SO much! love ya!
Sittin at home. Watching obsessed. Gotta go deliver an order in a while. 
Sittin here hoping mr redpants hasn't wandered into a bush or anything...lmao we haven't herd from him in a longggggg time I miss him 
sittin here in the dark. light went out. its cold. and we have to use candles 
sittin here watchin tv, still feel bad.  
sittin here with the bestie eatin a pop tart but need some milk.... 
sittin here, waitin 4 sumthin 2 happen, i miss my sister  but i'm sure she'll have fun in dallas...without me 
sittin home......bored outta my mind 
Sittin in class...can't breathe thro my nose!...allergies are a bitch man....and I'm pissed its not sunny out  no tannin tday...
sittin in classs. didnt get to see jesse on regis and kelly  but ill be going to buyy his cd after school and you should toooo
sittin in IT at school  listenin to all the craic off holly and making her make a twitter acount !
sittin in the dark listening to Disney music cuz ive got nothing better to do 
Sittin in the hospice waitin to take a tetanus toxoid  cut my leg jes b4 the exams..wat a nyc tym to do so anyways..
sittin in the library waitin to go home... proly bombed math final 
Sittin on balcony, waiting for english then maths! oh joy!  pot noddle for lunch? hmm i think so! x
sittin on the couch not feelin to well today...  
Sittin on the couch-watchn the tv-thinkn about tomoro-hoping its a great day-cant wait 4 the wken-luv my new shoes-broke up wit my bf  xo
One test down, one to go... Can't believe I have to do this 3 more times!!! 
one that look like my Riku 
One the way to democracy: China blocks twitter! 
one thign i don't like about my new cell phone is that it doesn't have a radio tuner. 
One thing i cant stand......walkin on tiled floor when my feet are wet  im goin 2 bed nite twiggas!
One thing i don't like about being fluffy is they don't make big enough things..like a really awesome tie-dye sweatshirt from Vermont. 
One thing I don't like about he iPhone 3.0 update is that it takes too long to send a text... Its like dial up 
One thing I hate about summer and spring is the misquitos especially when they bite my face 
One thing to get you even more depressed that you home from a fantastic trip is unpacking suitcase and washing clothes 
One thing worse than #BGT - Casualty 
One thing's for sure, it sucks. Bed time, tomorrow I start studying again 
one tiny bit of the sole of my foot has rubbed already and burnnnns. look v casual, too hot for jewellry today. dnw work 
One Tree Hill the best series. Sophia B &amp; Jackson B.Are the best actress in the series,section of J &amp; S stands at Q coffin made me cry  
One Tree Hill the best series. Sophia B and Jackson B.Are the best actress in the series,section of J and S stands at Q Chest made me cry 
one tweet can get you down for the whole day. 
one two three four five seven eight nine ten eleven twelve.  i wanna go see UP!   so i think i will.  by myself... 
One very nice geek will be sorely missed for @geeksonaplane   Have a safe flight all the others!
One wedding down, one to go. Ugh, and a dance tonight 
one week ago the weather was freaking hot now i'm freezing 
One week before 2.5 weeks working in Hong Kong   So much to do before I go!
One week from today, I will be with Jimmy ♥  imu 
One week left in Lyon, France! Going to really miss life here 
Sittin on the interstate waiting for the WI trooper to finish running my plate. Wonder if I'll get a speeding ticket? Stay tuned.  
Sittin on the plane, waiting patiently... Feeling ill already 
sittin on the porch with my fli flops on ; i hurt my toe and i can hardly walk on it ouch !! 
sittin on the pot.... ha ha my tummy hurts 
sittin round doing jack shiett.. missin mi baby josh 
Sittin through this boring ass conference call... Then i get to go home n nap *{missin @AndyR3w alot  }*
Sitting &amp; waiting at the vet to get Harley's shots. Just saw a family with a 15 year old dog they're having to put down today. Very sad 
Sitting @ the picnic bench waiting for Marky to come get me so we can gwab shum lunch! Then its back to driver improvement class 
Sitting @ work discussing the inconsistencies and hypocrisy @ work, makes me ill 
Sitting @ work wishin I wuz home with da boyz.......only have Kayson Michael for 2 months and one of those iz almost gone  !!!
sitting @home and waiting for Friday to go Saturday... I will not see her for 50 hours.. 
sitting 2 hrs in a hot auditorium is no going to be fun and having a cast on my hand is going to be painfull 
sitting alone at home, my english isn't good and the weather is shit 
Sitting alone on the porch listening to the sounds of the neighborhood while Joey works as usual 
Sitting and a barbeque party which turned a bore after people started discussing sociology 
sitting around missing my younger son 
sitting around, can't go to church today  only three weeks left!
Sitting around.. Thinking about how much I MISS Marissa.. 
sitting around...prbly gonnna have to clean our garage for mothers day...  Happy mothers day to every mother out tthere!!
Sitting at  home super bored and it's really late but I can't sleep because I'm afraid of my dreams 
one week of school left and then exams...  still waiting for my son of dork cd
One week until Race for the Cure! Please donate if you're able http://bit.ly/UFR1U and wish me luck on my 5 mile training run tomorrow 
one week without my little sister....hallelujah!....if only i could get rid of my baby brother 
One word bout the nite job: sweats&amp;sneaks... 'Cept i can't seem 2 find my sneaks. 
ONE word it is OVER school is over high school is over exame are over but saying u face 2 everyday its over  or maybe not ;)
One word. HISTORY. 
One year went by so fast. Still hard to believe you're gone. RIP Brittany Elise Hogan. I miss you SO much. 
one, two, one, two... is this thing on? yay! insomnia FTL btw. could do with a bit of sleep but not tired at all 
one'a dem days 
One-Stop is leaving Surrey uni. 
ong 3 hours to download i really need a better broadband connect 1.5meg just isnt good enough 
Ongoing War inside the office fish tank ! Horrible cichlid fish demolished the tiger shark's tail fin !  had to shift the mean fish out !
Onig died.  Thank you psycho biology teacher for using a freaking guinea pig for an experiment. RIP Onig.&lt;3 You will be missed.
ONIM!!!! too cold and windy to lay out in the sun 
onions are mean 
online at LAX in Qantas Club, 4 hour wait for my flight 
online class is starting... alas, my book won't be here for two more freakin weeks!  
Online gambling lol really? Yeah sorry  sleep tight brady.
Online on twitter, really bored right know!!!  Don't feel like going to school on monday 
online quiz 
Online shoe shopping!!! Feels almost as good as the real thing. Only downfall can't try em on  boohoo but oh well!!!!
Sitting at a restaurant across from MuchMusic and am absolutely blinded by the MMVA lights  My only reprieve is when streetcars go by..
Sitting at airport waiting for my flight, international flying has so many rules! I need a drink and a fluffy pillow, hate flying alone 
sitting at coffee bean being emo. one reason being that fun factory is still closed 
sitting at dennys waiting for my really good sandwich...my friends are trying to break my diet by suggesting brownies and cake 
Sitting at dr office with littlest monster. Guess she got an ear infection for bday too 
Sitting at Europa,trying to connect,but keep getting connection time outs  dammit.. Good coffee though..
Sitting at home  missing Michael Ryan.
sitting at home 1/2 asleep watching tin tin and resting up  #fb
sitting at home all alone on a saturday night nursing a dirty hang over 
Sitting at home and im very bored   keep hearing really weird noises downstairs. Kinda creepy
sitting at home and trying to put the golden stake through pages and pages of research on my argument against post structuralism. 
sitting at home being bored 
Sitting at home being bored! da sun is shining bt im not a sun person!! 
Sitting at home bored. I realized that there is something wrong with my tattoo  but its easy to fix. gAMERON SHOW TOMORROW!
sitting at home boreddddd.  i hate the rain 
Sitting at home by my self  nothing to do
sitting at home by myself 
sitting at home by myself!!! 
sitting at home doing hw 
sitting at home doing nothing. I hate having nothing to do on the weekends. 
Sitting At Home Extreamly Board 
sitting at home ill 
sitting at home on a Saturday night because I never get 2 nights off in a row! 
Online Survey's Pay Apparently Just Got To Find Out Which Ones Arn't Scams  Hmmmm....
Online waiting for Ubisoft press conference. Assassin's Creed 2 maybe? E3 security won't let anyone besides press use cameras until day 3 
online. i missed twitter 
Only 1 day off in 15 days and he still doesn't think he works too much? Come on. 
Only 1 exam left now!!! Dunno what to do, im sooooo bored!! 
Only 1 person noticed I wore my s'moovs shirt on today.  That means the pop culture phenomena is fading 
Only 10 more mins!!! 
Only 11.5deg in my bedroom this morning...  Tonight is supposed to be colder  .
only 12 weeks remaining 
only 12pm n my day is already not going good 
only 19 followers...        its only cos i'm new and im happy cos i just bought sour watermelon sweets!!!
Only 1lb lost: I am so fed up that today's weigh in was so bad  I lost 1lb.  I know I should be pleased it's 1lb http://tinyurl.com/o3mwcr
only 2 days left 
Only 2 days to go  I am actually gonna miss school :L - &quot;Moving on is simple, it's what we leave behind thats hard&quot; -
Only 2 exams left (Y). I'm cold 
only 2 followers how sad 
only 2 foowers how sad 
Only 2 miles   My boys came down with a time check then asked me why I was watching sports center i'm a girl WTF  http://twitpic.com/7w7u5
Only 2 people in class today ugh. It is so lonely without my rape buddy here 
only 2 people on my twitter page.one of them's me.doesn't feel nice  what happened to accepting good ol' invitations?!
only 2 weeks and i'll be almost free. but now the summer haven't started for me 
sitting at home on this rainy day 
Sitting at home resting .. just had an injection  .. wasn't as bad as i thought it would be  
Sitting at Home Sad,My grandpa just died today 
sitting at home setting myself up on twitter and just abot to go to work!!! 
sitting at home studying waiting till I have to go to school to do the exam. 
Sitting at home w/ my box of tissues and benadryl.. Wat a way to spend a friday.. 
sitting at home watching the movie &quot;outbreak&quot;. 
sitting at home watching tv but should really be in bed  but just not tired
sitting at home wishing my baby was next to me 
sitting at home without @calidreamin22  no fun.
Sitting at home, bored and waiting for the Hubby to come home 
Sitting at home, wishing we were there 
Sitting at home.  i wanted to go to the parade, but there are no vehicles and i am by myself. 
sitting at home. bored and upset 
sitting at home. bored. kind of wish i was with brit, kaiti, &amp; julia.  why must i insist on staying home all the time?
Sitting at home. Helping my gma soon 
Sitting at home. Missing my boy 
Sitting at home. Wishing I had better friends 
sitting at home...and not so sure about life right now! 
sitting at home...need to be pricing the garage sale items...but i have no help so its boring by myself 
Sitting at Jim's  @ 3 in the morning with a dragon anda squirrel. I need a better set of things to do 
Sitting at jon's housee. Nothing to do. 
Sitting at McDonalds while JC &amp; Bethanie play in the tunnels and I miss my wonderful hubby!  
sitting at my apartment alone  how come no one wants to hang out with me?
Sitting at my aunt's office waiting for 6pm to come... just sent my dad off at the airport.  I miss him already.
Sitting at my best friends house fixing to have a fun filled weekend it's my kids bday and they are in FLA can't see them. Sad 
sitting at my boyfriends house boreeeeeddddd sitting on the net ahahah  kill me
Sitting at my cousin's high school graduation.... So boring 
Sitting at my desk doing History revision  no fair!!!
sitting at my desk eating cherries....wishing there wasn't snow in the forecast for tomorrow 
sitting at my desk eating dinner. Great Thai but a bit of a sad situation overall 
Sitting at my desk, in a slightly Cinderella-esq fashion as not on coach trip to Highgrove with the rest of the RSC staff 
Sitting at my grandma's about to eat dinner....love her cooking!  Uh oh....Camden's crying 
Sitting at my internship wishing I could go outside and chill with @sabrinareid, but stuck doing paperwork 
Sitting at my kids school listening to moms discuss their daughters becoming women. I feel unsafe. 
Sitting at pc having breakfast of delightful Greek bread and tea and missing facebook thats down for updating.... 
Sitting at PHL airport waiting to board my flight back to Orlando 
Sitting at Schipol en-route to Dubai, contemplating 1st drink of the day..... Fek, forgot my factor 40 lotion 
Sitting at school. Waiting to come home. Still sick 
Sitting at tag agency waiting to pay my part for the year 
sitting at the airport in Vancouver...3 hours til my flight 
Sitting at the airport. Really want to get home.  even though it'll be late and I was looking forward to this evening
sitting at the airport... 
Sitting at the animal hospital. Hope Cass is ok 
Sitting at the bar by my lonesome 
Sitting at the BBC stand at the 3 Counties Show, Malvern. I'm all alone  No other staff have turned up yet. I wanna go get a bacon buttie!
Sitting at the beach and yacht club parking lot, not wanting to walk in and make it real that I have to work 
sitting at the chevy dealership in utah waiting for the van to be fixed 
Sitting at the Connection listening to the employees reminisce and mope about their last shift 
Sitting at the dining room table at grannys house. I think it's time for me to go home... I miss my baby girl 
Sitting at the doctor's office. 
Sitting at the door checking ID's... Fun fun fun 
Sitting at the emergency vet hoping that the kitten is ok 
Sitting at the ER with Landon 
Sitting at the house. Broke. Can't even afford a trip to Dick and Jane's.  Sadness. Going to read. #squarespace #trackle
sitting at the library missing my sister 
omg i have over 100 tweets to go back to... never again will i neglect twitter for days at a time.. mini laptop doesn't have tweet deck 
OMG I have to get a whooping cough booster shot... :'( I hate needles! 
Omg I have to go to school tomoz and I have just had a week off 
omg I have to read a new chapter in McQuail's Mass Communication Theory! That'll take hours! 
Omg I have to stop doing these 1200 nights I'm dyin here and coffee not workin 
OMG I HAVE TWO FOLLOWERS hahahaha how sad  oh well HI DECLAN 
OMG i havent been on twitter all day  going thru withdraws
Omg I haven't talked to @jOshweird all dayyyy!!!  where are you??!?!
Omg i here thunderrrr i wish i was home  i love cuddling with a blanky during a storm
OMG I hope Brett Gardner NYY gets well soon that hit was HARD!! 
omg i hurt my mate  i'm sorrryyyy   i feel like mega bad cause i knoked her out 
OMG I hurt so bad! A visit to the E.R. Might be the next step 
OMG I is getting a headache  I KNOW! cereal, aspirin, and water...will it work? dondondonnnnnnnn usuefhosfor I wanna' be with HIM! &gt;:&quot;(
OMG I just cannot wait, I got a B+ on my business proposal and presentation.  It was just one of those classes, glad its over
OMG I JUST DID MY 1,001 UPDATE! I missed my 1000th?! 
omg i just found out im the only girl from my school and the only person i know whos going on the first week of the HE summer school! 
OMG I just found something that I want soooooo much, but I would never qualify for. It saddens me. 
omg i just got my tounge stuck on a fab  it hurt!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg i just heard that my future husband Robert Pattinson was hit by a taxi i'll kill that dumb driver what the shit 
Omg i just killed a bird going to da bank  i always feared that  http://myloc.me/2MWH
Omg I just looked in the mirror and realised the big dark patches under my eyes! I need to start going to bed earlier...! 
omg i just love zac efron. Would you please please please be mine. Oh how I wish 
omg i just realized leaving sixth form has left me down £80 a month 
omg i just spilled hot water on my hand for my tea.  its red and it  burns now.    water pwned me
omg i just translated the thing i wrote and its not the same thing. i hate the translate website im on 
sitting at the lodge... finally found wifi where i am staying! yayy! moved in... &amp; missing my mommy 
Sitting at the office - a bit bored and tired. 
Sitting at the pool by myself. This is so depressing 
Sitting at the vet with my sick pup. Walkins only today...I got here at 11:30, they open at 12p, and there were so many others here. 
Sitting at this game like an outcast...  love the school spirit of the kids though
Sitting at Tim's without a newspaper. 
sitting at vinos afta a great show. Wishing i could gro facial hair as well  Brandon says Hi
Sitting at work  Fun or not ??
Sitting at work again today....contemplating Mexico. I don't want to miss this opportunity yet my parents will unleash their wrath... 
Sitting at work all day  
Sitting at work bored as hell watching the rain fall. I need a damn computer or a crackberry 
Sitting at work confused as hell...don't know what to do. My heart is so torn! 
Sitting at work feeling a little under the weather.  Hope I didn't catch the swine fliggedy 
Sitting At Work Feeling Ill 
sitting at work getting ready to log on 
Sitting at work I have to work today and tommorow bummer   did'nt find out till yesterday about 4:30 I had to work all weekend.
sitting at work phones are slow so its gonna be a long day.   
Sitting at work thinking about my friend who died of cancer this morning around 2am I miss u already 
sitting at work tired. plus its raining. what a day. 
sitting at work twittering..... we got some of the best pizza in Ellsworth Maine and it seems that no one knows we are her 
Sitting at work waiting for time to pass...still not busy 
Sitting at work waiting on 5 o'clock to roll around. Boring day today 
Sitting at work wishing i was home and it was sunny 
Sitting at work wishing the night was over. I wanted to be with my son for his first birthday..... 
sitting at work wondering why i am so afraid of the tenth floor. O i remember why!a man jumped off and died! 
sitting at work, debating about doing homework..nobody really calling GM today 
Sitting at work, waiitng for this table to leave  text me.
Sitting at work... just 7 more hours to go... 
sitting by the heater . hating winter 
Sitting by the pool....wishing Melissa and Hudson were still here to hang out with us. The visit was too short! 
Sitting down , having a cup of tea, watching the cricket. England doing rather well. Oh spoke too soon.... 
sitting down because i sprained my stupid ankle  it hurts very bad
sitting down in central park, amazing weather and vibes. Sad to leave tomorrow  but excited to get playing properly again!
sitting down on me bed not well 
sitting havin a painkiller, yet another migraine 
Sitting here and it's freezing..drinking peppermint tea to warm myself up.Then off for a drive to M'svle. Visit Mum's grave and property 
sitting here and wannting something to do i am stuck at school until like 4:30 uh  ... yeah im a real conplainer
sitting here at home...wishing i was with my ex bf... i hate break ups... 
Sitting here at the pool. It's so boring. 
sitting here bored makin up new recipies (i do got a culinary degree) wishing i could cook fo @thisismyiQ... he need soup cus he sick 
sitting here crying because i wont be able to live without my sister. 
sitting here doing jus about nothing...new don't kno wha to do 
Sitting here eating Hitchies - I'm alone  Miss Imke already...weekend was super-amazing! Love JB - but not Paris!
Sitting here feeling like I'm coming down with something. Not going to the hospital to visit Grandma then 
sitting here in my room not looking forward to tomorrow gonna be a long day with alot of tears 
sitting here like a piece of shit someone get me out of here 
Sitting here listening to drunk stories I don't know about. Sooo no gym for me  fuuuuuckk.
Only 2.5 shots of cuervo left in the bottle 
Only 20-200 Bengal tigers left in the wild. So sad. And there are many many other endangered species out there. 
only 26 followers  folloow me
only 2more hours then home time, traffic,  but atleast its home time, yeah.....
only 3 days left of my vacation...thats sad 
Only 3 days of holidays left before I'm back to work  but thankfully I'm still in bed.  http://yfrog.com/5k2nij
Only 3 hours sleep last night 
only 3 more weeks in IES 
Only 3 people I know have twitters, how annnoying  ha
Only 3 pictures left on my last polaroid film 
Only 4 and a half days left! I really dont feel like going to school today 
Only 4 chapters left 
only 4 hours of sleep... so sad 
Only 4 teams on my bowling league...THAT should make for an interesting season...  Who wants to join? 3-person teams - Mid.SprtBowl-plz!!
only 4more days till school. N i dont kno if ill B able 2go, grant money hasnt come N yet  im ready 2start college N its holding me back
only 5 days of work left until my hol.  why do I have 5 weeks of stuff to get through first? looks like its gonna be 5 long days. 
Only 6 3/4 mile backup.  We are on are way. Tstorms in DC right now.   http://myloc.me/4EUe
Only 6 bobby pins in my hair but I'm not looking forward to washing out the gallon of hair spray 
Only 6 more aeronautic classes! I cant believe there are only 3 weeks of school left.  I'm going to miss oxford over the next 9 months 
only 6.5 days left . ! ... Too many projects to be done by monday 
only 610 applications for GSOC from India and 202 from China!!  
only 68F in Newport, RI today 
only 7 am and these new meds are making me jittery and feel slightly feverish again. i wanna go back to bed 
Only 7 hours until Alice leaves for a week. 
only 8 days till more surgery 
Only 84 more days and I will be saved by AWA for 3 days... Such a long time. 
Only 9 short hours till Lost Finale. I genuinely cannot wait/can't believe that I haven't read what happens. I miss my girl 
only 9 shows left w @benkweller &amp; jones street station 
Only 9:30 and I'm so tired already! I was going to play tonight, but I can't keep my eyes open, so it's no good. 
only a few more hrs. left in this great weekend 
Only a Spitfire left in the Fridge  http://twitpic.com/6rtzf
only about 1/3 of my sweet-tart roll left  i'm sure to feel sick later!
Only after I said WP doesn't support Twitter application, I found it's in the widgets.  Now I added it in my blog. 
only an hour of cardio today  kinda bummed, damn the rain!
Only an idiot cycles at noon in the summer 
Only another 2 hours of Bus Hell to go  I think I have DVT in every available vein now, including the ones on my head. #ihatethemegabus
Only another 23,000 files to download 
Only ate half my breakfast - stomach is still not very happy 
Only awake since a couple of hours and again already tired as hell.. I could cry!! I'll never get anything sorted this way. 
Only back to post:  Due to severe fatigue that I am having today, I will not be able to attend tonight's Collective Soul concert.   
only bad thing about season one Dog is.. NO DUANE LEE!!!  lol
only bad thing is going with my mom, in a car alone with her, not good 
only because of the rain i couldn't play tennis today!! 
only been up for half hour and want to go back to bed  gta revise for maths GCSE tomos :'( &amp;&amp; do performing arts coursework for tuesday 
Only came on to gush about my shirt. Must clean house now.  *wishing I was still 15 and could yell at my mom to do it herself*
Only caught 1 out of 3 fins  #animalcrossing
only caught the end of The old republic  my most anticipated game, had a nerdgasm from 5 seconds of it...#E3
Only disadvantage of Git so far: No (cool) GUI app so far. 
omg i looked i have sum spam followers im not gonna stay up to get 5 more to make it 2 400 cuz the spam people will be gone soon 
omg I love it so much  http://bit.ly/17NBIc
omg I love my new car - wish I could keep my old one too   The driveway looks awesome with 2 E30's parked on it! 
omg i love tweetie i wish i had a mac 
OMG I LOVED the Fly With Me video!! the stage looks  awesome!! oh how i wish they would come to my country  i really wanna go to a concert
omg i miss him so much 2morrow is his bday so he's out partyin w/ his boys today they had a football game for him..wanna hear his voice 
omg i need a drink somebody help me!!! better yet someone get me a shot of 151!! 
Omg i need a turkey burger by paige right now 
Omg i need omgpop...i'm on my way. Lol i fell asleep last night 
Omg i need sleep but i work at 10 
Omg I need to sleep but I'm to hot to  annoyinggggggg
OMG i only have 15 days then Bday!!! i have NOTHING to wear!!!!!  
omg i only have £113 .96  i need more to get a blackberry lol
Omg I pulled a muscle on my lower back...friggin backk hurts sooo bad 
omg i rared be at school than at home any day 
Omg I really want a cookie! 
omg i really want to comment &quot;boob sweat&quot; on somebody's picture!! ... but i know that would be mean. 
Omg I seriously fell asleep at 6?!? And just woke up!!!! WTF!!!!! Totally slept my 420 away 
Omg I should be seeing Attack!Attack! today &lt;/3 I love them aswel 
OMG i should of got that sexy bag 
OMG I spending my last weekend w/ koko for 2 months ahhhhh 
omg i spent all my money !!  i just got paid yesterday.... 
Omg I superglued my phone and now the 'down' button feels weird 
Omg I think I like 2 of my teachers 
Omg i think i'm going to be sick.  I'm going to go hide now. #wtf
OMG I think my sister (Sophie) nearly just broke my nose.....  
omg i think someone is in the house 
omg i took a nap earlier n i had a nightmare 
OMG I totally forgot to get her something. 
omg i tried to glop aliway but she moved and tripped me 
omg i tweeted a lot tonight... sorry!!!  and it was not a sober night, btw. fun times ensued.
OMG i wait that the goberment dont cancel the JONAS concert! 
sitting here sli... no..quite irritated.... wish i had someone to hang with..................    .............................(Sigh)
sitting here sweating my a** off here in central illinois 
sitting here thinking about my boyfriend! missing him very much  hope 2 c him soon.. [keyah and mike]
Sitting here tryin to write what bclub/riengrind means to me in less than 140 characters. I want to win this SO bad! 
Sitting here trying to write a song....but FoodNetwork is distracting me!!! 
Sitting here Waiting for Kaleb.. Will see if parentals dont drag me to party before he gets here 
sitting here waiting for this boring ass orientation to start 
sitting here wishing it was Monday so that i can SEE my hubs again  it's been a crazy few weeks w/ his work schedule...sigh...
sitting here with a cocktail and working on school work 
Sitting here wondering if my internet will work. 
Sitting here wondering why I even got out of bed 
sitting here, ignoring alicia in the hope itl  sort our relationship out. 
Sitting here....can't sleep....really sad about the new house that everyone likes but me.  
sitting home all alone waiting for the bf to get back 
sitting home wishing he would just call me 
sitting idle at the tire store ... an hour before they get to my car 
Sitting in a bid-writing workshop, completely out of my depth 
Sitting in a field with ma and pa, I already miss my holiday and it only ended 2 hours ago 
sitting in a hair salon waiting 4 my mom 2 finish getting her hair cut and colored. *sigh* i have other things 2 do 
sitting in a house that is too quiet...kids and hubby at camp 
Sitting in a Manchester hotel bar drinking on my own  .. Business travel sucks sometimes.
sitting in a really boring team meeting 
Sitting in a review class for history regents 
Sitting in a safety forum...the herbert's chocolate bars are on a different table. 
Sitting in a semi-dark meeting room next to some extremely exciting #boobs and nice legs. But we're talking &quot;system&quot; und not erotics. 
Sitting in a work meeting   Bored and so ready to leave this room!
sitting in bed cause i can't sleep &amp; NOT because i brought the laptop, its cause my brain wont shut up from earlier's drama 
sitting in bed doing homework. angry and sad about some things 
Sitting in bed with the mbp and tea in my favorite mug - worried about Adam. 
Sitting in bed, got the mumps injection...ouch 
sitting in bed, very bored 
sitting in bed...havent got work untill next tuesday because got kidney infection  not good...xx
Sitting in central station. Train not for another 25 mins for flip sake. 
Sitting in Charleston, SC waiting to get a Load  
Sitting in church, I was a half hour late this morning. I never miss my alarm. 
Sitting in church... still 20 minutes to go. And I'm tired from staying up nearly all night... 
Sitting in class, wishing I could go back to sleep. 
Sitting in class. Tired in every way. I need some coffee  Just Keep Swimming!!
sitting in college and cant print off his work for sum reason  x
Sitting in college bored out of my head  make it fun people!!  xxxz
Sitting in emt class signing yearbooks 
sitting in front of a lovely fire,chillin,b4 I have to go to work! 
sitting in front of an open window, reading frankenstein... I is cold  xx
Sitting in front of boudin wanting soup but there closed  bummer
Sitting in front of the comp for more than 5 mins is killing. Am surprised at the intensity of the pain, its unbearable 
sitting in front of the computer and wishing that the school starts on Monday instead of June 15... 
sitting in front of the computer, roleplaying, making photo edits, doing fanfics = bad case of carpal tunnel syndrome 
sitting in health...sooo bored.. 
Sitting in here with the aircon on is making my eyes hurt. Nose is blocked 
only downside to @napster -- it does not have much #jpop  I'd pay an extra $5 for access to good Japanese imports
Only drinking 1 cup of coffee is making time sloooooooooow doooooooown. 
only english exam today so i'll be back around 10. probably sleeping then? then when i wake up...studying for my friday exams. 
only felt a slight drizzle of rain in town  sigh...was looking forward to dancing in the rain! 
only five days left at ihs!! the official end of six years, we have reached the end of an era. Man im gonna miss everyone  A x
Only four more days...  then the headache of work and stress starts again. Only happy hours and red bulls keep me going.
ONLY good thing about this, I need the money for my Vancouver trip but..I wanted to meet Michael Emerson! 
Only got 2 numbers  I dreamt last night I won £2.5mil on the Lottery. Wasn't prophetic, then 
Only got 2/8 pages of my paper done tonight 
Only got 3 hours of sleep, and I woke up to an upset stomach. Today is not getting off to the best start. 
only got 4 more hours to be productive today 
Only got an hour of sleep and is about to head to school for endless hours of reviewing for exams and such   I hate being sick 
only had about 3hrs sleep last night 
only has 213 updates(including this one) oh dear 
Only has 5 GB of space left on his iPod. 
only has green skittles left 
only has half a sandwich left for lunch. 
only has texting credit 
Only haveing 4hours of sleep and now at work for 8hours...this will not be a fun day. 
Only history left to go, still trying to cram in crap about the CND and Polaris  not fun.
Only I driveee far for some damn wingstop. Left my damn debit card at work 
only i will have to wait.. 
Only If She Knew. 
Only In Frm Wrk I'm A Bit Bored Wif Nufin 2 Do N Cnt Sleep 
Only in from work, don't think i'v ever been this tired in my life....only got 20mins sleep last nite 
only james cannot take Cavs to NBA final  We have to wait for one more year
Only just finished lunch; should have skipped it completely, then I'd be a bit thinner, never mind...feel gigantic due to shopping spree 
Only just found out about worthing tweetup so not able to go 
only just found out that it was sunny today... And heres me, good little student sat inside revising :| GOD DAMN IT!!!! 
Omg I wanna cry I just saw a little kid being beat by his nanny on spikeTV it was so sad I cry for him, It was scary 
omg i wanna gooo home, i'm starving! 
omg i wanna meet the twilight cast 
OMG i wanna see the duet live 
OMG I want to go make a video outside but it's raining  maybe I can get Jason and Mary, then come to my house and make a video(um)
omg i want to see blink182 in concert.i may not know all their songs but idk.i have no one to go with 
omg i was at Kevin Spacey's shooting scene...didn't get the chance to take a picture tho 
OMG i was at tiffanys and tripped over an uneven brick and cut open my knee and the back of my toe!!  I'm in so much pain!
omg I went to go get food and I missed some, and now I don't know how Danielle insulted Theresa  #rhnj
OMG I WILL DIE IF @Kevinjonas MARRY WITH Danielle Deleasa OR WHATEVER MY GOSH! I LOVE YOU KEVIN PLEASE, NO 
OMG i wish i was at Aaron Kwok's concert...... 
omg I'd rather be at school than on break 
OMG- if ur chatting w/ me on fb I am SO sorry!! My computer is f-ing up!!! So much that its delaying responses!! Again so sorry 
omg im at school...here we go again 
Omg I'm fckin exhausted and I feel sick. 
OMG I'm fucking tired. Just got home 
omg im gettin rewli scared about this swine flu thing :'( i cant believ tulisa from ndubz has it 
Omg I'm getting a really bad cough you guys 
Omg i'm getting fucked today  171 boxes coming down for one stop   
OMG im getting sick!! Lil Traes video shoot tomorrow. Check the details myspace.com/hfeliltrae. I wont be able 2 enjoy it 
omg im goign to kill krista for talking me into going tanning twice in one day. sunburn 
Omg im gonna become anorexic if I dont balance my food right.  xx
Omg I'm hungry guys Wt should I eat for dinner?? 
OMG I'm in school bored and still sick as shit  i feel like crying
OMG IM IN SUCH A BAD MOOD 2DAY   wats ppl doin2nite?
omg i'm in such a bitchy/pissed off mood right now. ugh RIHROAFHF RAGEEEEEEE 
Omg im in the bathroom and this poor girl is crying bc her boyfriend is a douche. 
Omg I'm miserable  considering I'm sick, sleep should be my friend... But no it hates me lol
Omg im really not that happy at the moment 
omg I'm sick of tiny toilet cubicles. fuck u CiCis.  tweeting from the crapper. yeah, I just went there.
OMG IM SO BORED OF PACKING - Ian has now gone/is about to go.. so I'm all on my own  I miss you already Ian!!
omg im so bored soccer training got cancelled so im at home sitting on the computer 
sitting in jcmc with diabetes 
Sitting in jury selection 2day. Grateful to live in a democracy, and also hoping I don't get picked 
Sitting in kmart just about ready to finish myself off. 
Sitting in London heathrow for 3 hours 
Sitting in major traffic right now 
Sitting in my boxers doing some last minute revison for science!  I'm so gonna fuck up this exam! (n)
Sitting in my car I fell down now my butt hurts 
Sitting in my car like foo foo the damn clown 
Sitting in my car upset.  
sitting in my cube with a really bad headache 
Sitting in my hospital bed. I'm so over being hooked up to an IV! 
sitting in my house drinking beer, watching crap TV 
sitting in my room  watching  gossip gurl on tv 2 looks  like  its  going to rain soon  
sitting in my room in CALI think about what to do ............. I'm soooooooooooo bored 
Sitting in on a Friday Night Bored 
Sitting in San Jose airport. As usual got here far too early. Should probably be doing reviews 
sitting in school waiting to go to french class... ugh 
Only just got back home, been out over 24hrs. BEST DAY, NIGHT &amp; half of TODAY in my life EVER!! So gutted to be back home, I miss Richard 
Only just got internet back!!  But is okay, have a a nice day with mai goggies and editing Act1 of my play, coming along nicely 
only just got this...but i have no followers....         its raining like mad in bury..im gutted  !!!  :@
Only just got up really after housemate and her friends kept us awake until the early hours. Not a happy bunny 
Only just home now, but the work isn't over yet 
only just realised that her last exam isn't the 11th... got a 2 hour written music exam on the 20th 
only just realised that its not twitterberry that I have on my phone... 
only just signed up.i have no followers  haha
Only just woke up! Had a horrible nightmare that the cat died 
only just woke up, and it's raining  oh well, hopefully sammy will chill with me later!
only last year i was with bex and ashley and ferrell  almost 8 more days till i see you guys
Only my dog would fall on her face while playing...and get road rash from the dirt ground.  Molly haz a welt and cut above her right eye.
Only my right ear buds wrks  
only now are all the mosquito bites from friday showing up and jesus, they are EVERYWHERE. so itchy  my body is just miserable right now.
only one day left in Lexington 
Only one day left of Spring Break. 
Only one day of being a teenager left 
ONLY one day off is NEVER enough 
only one episode of pushing daisies left.  
sitting in the airport waiting for a 2 hour delayed plane freezing my ass off! Friday nights just aint the same no more 
sitting in the airport waiting for my plane to board.too much junk food on this trip!~ i feel yucky 
sitting in the barracks alone 
Sitting in the car 
Sitting in the car at Chili's (staaaaarving!) while my family is inside eating. The joys of motherhood.   Now I have to go home &amp; cook. F!
Sitting in the car in front of the office! No energy to get out! Come get meeeee!! 
sitting in the car with my cat. he keeps meowing and i feel so bad 
Sitting in the dentist's chair  http://twitpic.com/5f9rx
Sitting in the doctor's office waiting for my kids to get physicals. Been waiting 2 hours. Not happy. One of many joys of parenthood. 
Sitting in the dr office!  The dreaded physical yall! I hope he don't ask me to drop em and bend over and cough! Ewwww!
Sitting in the dr. Office, sick. 
sitting in the dr's office watching the parade coverage and coverage from the coliseum wishing i was there instead of here. sad face 
Sitting in the emergency vet hospital with parker. Poor dog 
Sitting in the ER with my fiancée while he gets checked out....NOT where I wanted to be today 
Sitting in the garden, Enjoying the sun but yet VERY bored! 
sitting in the gorgeous beijing sun with unlimited gin &amp; tonics for Y50. i'm going to miss this when i go to sydney 
Sitting in the hospital doing work while dealing with my wonderful... Family. 
sitting in the hospital waiting room while they take out Nick's appendix 
Sitting in the hospital, Mikey is FINALLY sleeping, typing my final paper. LOOONNNGGGGG weekend. 
Sitting in the hotel lobby waiting for derek to come back for me. He knew I would take longer than him to get ready so he left me here. 
Sitting in the house bored as all get out waiting to find a life....(sigh) 
sitting in the library, soaked from the rain &amp; studying for the bio exam from hell. ayudameee 
Sitting in the metro and going to work... 
sitting in the Miami airport. flight is delayed 
Sitting in the middle of a hallway at the airport just to charge my phone. CRACKberry status 
sitting in the office again today  but i get to see bucky covington and randy houser thursday!! i just can't get enough country music!!
Sitting in the office looking at the torrential rain outside and contemplating going outside in it to do my job  Bloomin archaeology haha!
Sitting in the office on a great day, checking a few war files 
Sitting in the office, eating my lunch, looking out at a beautiful sunshine filled day that I'm missing out on. 
Sitting in the Q &amp; A session makes me realize how bad my hearing loss is. 
Sitting in the rainy cold stadium for boston college graduation in nothing but a thin mini dress with estherpark. 
Sitting in the sun waiting for my French toast to arrive. @cmgowcity is in the shade already 
Sitting in the trailer being bored its gonna rain later 
sitting in the train back 2 my city 
Sitting in the van in hillsborough. Raining outside and im going out to mix concrete 
Sitting in the waiting room at the doc again! Another sore throat  why!!!!!!!!!
Sitting in the waiting room to get my teeth done  xoxo
Sitting in traffic 
Sitting in traffic trying to get to The W .. @RickShameless won't let me dj anymore. 
omg im so bored!!...doing sose...parliaments 
OMG I'M SO BORED. I really could/should be cleaning right now but I feel very much too tired to do much. I just want entertainment 
Omg I'm so depressed, just found out @bowen12 is getting traded 
OMG im so hungry and ready to get off work..... I got in trouble by my boss today lol 
omg im so mad bc i keep missin trey songz and bow wow when dey go live!!! 
omg- i'm so over this sat. i wanna be at home- 
OMG I'm so sleepy. I need some sleep. Gotta work in the morning  Nope still haven't hit the lottery  o well atleast i'm employed g'nite
OMG I'm so tired!!! 10pm is taking so long to get here 
omg i'm so twitter retarded 
OMG I'm so upset!! I had to restore my iPod and now I lost all my apps and dont have an account to get them back 
Omg I'm sooo sick...wat a bad way 2 start mi break  HELP ME PLEASE!!!
omg im sooo sooo warm!  ughhh !
Omg I'm still at work   Trying to do some mad optimizations on a T-Sql stored procedure cause it takes way to long to execute.
OMG IM TOO OLD TO VOTE FOR THE TEEN CHOICE AWARDS! OMG WTF. 
OMG I'm trying to find where I can watch the MTV awards online but I can't find it anywhere 
OMG IM TWEETING TOO MUCH! SORRY! ILL STOP! 
OMG is it 4:30 yet? I wanna go home 
Omg is it time 4 piss ants again? Looks like they found my kitchen again this spring! Help! Boo 
omg is it true lyn Z is giving birth soon NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( im so sad rumors r going around  hope it not true
OMG it arrives tomorrow, wow wee, so excited, shame i have to work 
omg it is monday already ! i have to go to skul now guys bye ! 
Omg it is so boring 
OMG it is sooooo hard being a Mets fan!!!  
Omg it was 112 degrees this morning. It sure felt like it 
OMG it was sooo HOT I just said forget the rest of my daddy gift! Lol  but I still LOVE HIM!
omg its 8:50 on the morning. I'm tired 
OMG its almost 11 pm and I'm just now getting in bed  tomorrows gonna be a LONG 10 hour day..
OMG its almost 5am and im still working on my paper. just realized that i hadnt really written anything in the last 2hours  im doomed
omg its freezing at redcliffe 
omg it's like 4 in the moring and i'm eating Lucy Charms, gotta be at the studio at 6  IM TIREEEEDD   im gonna get a starbucks on ma way x
Only one more day in san fran  we love it here!
Only one more day of freedom. 
only one more exam left, damn i want it to be over 
Only one more hour, then it's goodbye Cedar Point until next year. 
only one more performance left 
Only one more week of June. 
Only one new follower today. 
only one week holidays 
only one zam the day...french listening, hope the examboard don't fuck up like they did with my german 
Only Paige is following me. Hello Paige. I have a cough  
only problem for me are the really long and hard to remember names  i cant get them in my thick head
Only problem is that TIFF files can't be larger than 4GB 
Only problem with Google Chrome: no foxkeh 
Only ruruns on now. No more Smallville or Supernatural 
Only saw the last few mins of Jon and Kate but its sad.  I love them!
only saw the sun for a minute!  come back!
only school, so tired  
Only skinny milk in the house == bad coffee 
Only slept for 5hrs.. Woken up by a nightmare again.. 
Only slept four hours  Couldn't fall asleep last night
Only the rare couple of my tweets actually have a point and/or make sense 
Only thing I can say to that is sorry! hehehe @AlDelBene Everything IS bigger in Texas... which makes my penis look smaller by comparison 
Only thing I miss about GSM is using my G1 and Nokia E71 
Only thing missing in Twitterfon Pro is Mobypicture support 
Only three classes teach today but I'm still so tired, that might be three too many 
OMG its Monday already!!!grrrrr 
omg it's muggy today.  yay rainy season.  
Omg its raining 
OMG it's so cold today! 
omg its so hot or maybe is cuz i have a fever 
omg its so hot out. i wish i had a pool 
omg its so humid outside... 
OMG its supposed to be 0 degrees tonight.  soooo coollddd !
OMG it's thuder and lightning down my end. I'm scared 
omg itt's the  lastt day of middle school  i'm going to miss this place so muchh. --&gt;i will miss youu katrina(:
Omg I've been up so long is it not lunch time yet?  x
omg ive broken my mouse   ily half-heartedly xxxx
omg ive got nothing to post ! 
OMG I've had ice cream for about 4 days in a row now! I'm such a fattie Mc Fat Ass!!!! 
omg ive just bean woken up by my horrable brother &gt;&lt; he has just bean screeming 
omg ive never been in so much pain in my life. collasping on the court is never fun. walking hurts 
omg ive seen like 3 spiders within the last 3 hours and now i cant focus and i'm not gonna b able to sleep  and i keep itching n twitching
OMG J.O.N.A.S PREMIERES TONIGHT IN USA, HERE IN SPAIN THAT SHOW WONT BE TIL JUNE!!!! 
OMG Jinni &amp; I just found that Thomas left the group VFC. So sad!  He was my fave.
OMG JLO AND MARC ANTHONY WERE AT MY OLD SCHOOL GRADUATION  BRB UPSET
OMG Jon and Kate are officially getting divorced! I didn't wanna believe the rumors...this makes me so sad 
OMG Jon and Kate are officially separating 
OMG Jon and Kate finally filed for divorce.  http://bit.ly/DhBeW
omg jon and kate got divorced!  thats horrible
omg jonas brothers and mcfly in one show,,wish i was there it would have been the best concert ever  x
OMG jus found out one of my friends since middle school died in a car accident. im so sad right now 
Omg just got splash by the bus I'm soooo mad!!!!!!! 
OMG just missed my piano lesson today!! i have to go i feel sick 
omg just ran over a bunny rabbit at 70mph on the a14.  x
Omg just watched grey's anatomy season finale and it was so shocking...so haunting fuck 
OMG just woke up from crazy nightmares n now I can't get back to sleep 
omg katie n peter stateside is shit 
Sitting in Union Square Park waiting for my haircut appointment at 3,  last day of rainfree sunshine ugh...storms tomorrow all day 
Sitting in Waterloo stn, lots of morning suits, top hats, flowery hats and summer dresses. Ascot week is on . I'm not going 
sitting in work 
sitting in work filling out reports   boss let some of the others leave early and not me how rude! ..damn reports i say!
sitting inside doing work instead of going down beach  LAME DAY!
Sitting lonely at Starbucks becuz i lost Joanna in the crowd of Drag  ... Feet killin meeeeee but ready to hit the 9th ave Festival
Sitting next to @shotgun_sinners in double history 
sitting next to bed. cannot lay down because iPhone charging cable is too short. 
Sitting next to cat. She's pregnant again. 
Sitting next to my department manager at lunch. Pretty much uncomfortable. 
Sitting on a bench at the train station and my hayfever is going CA-RAZY! my eyes hurt 
sitting on a chair in my class. alone. 
Sitting on a train that seems to stop more than it moves 
Sitting on an open house today. very hot in kansas city. No traffic at my open house.  -- Where is everyone? I'll wait a while longer.
sitting on bed my shoulders a back sunburnt 
sitting on my ass being bored 
Sitting on my bum at the Dalplex all afternoon   Soo excited to see JR later!!!
Sitting on my couch by myself watching MEET THE FOCKERS... 
sitting on my couch with an ice pad on my knee... i feel like crying 
OMG kita! my reply button is gone too! WTF is going on??!  
omg kuku tempting me to go hong kong.  SIA all inclusive fares only $298!  but i'm dirt broke 
OMg Last night was just soo packed....Guess all the Paris haters/lovers couldn't resist.   Hungry &amp; Poor.
OMG last week of school with all my gurlz 
OMG LEAVE ME ALONE ...i ask u to go away and i left but u dont get it WTF ... 
omg Legal test 2morrow!! Epic Fail!! 
Omg listen to turn right now! 
omg listening to a sad song called Almost Lover  I love this song
Omg longest column ever. When can I sit back down? 
Omg look at the fuckin weather!!  And i'm cooked up inside!!  Fuckin revision!!  
Omg lost season 4 is making no fucking sense! Ep 7 brought me to tears and made my jawww dropppp! Omg  I don't understand!!
omg maddie in holby is dead. Gutted. loved Nadine lewington and really wanted Maddie and Clifford to get together 
OMG major thunder storm! Why do we seem to have them so often lately? 
Omg might have just broke my pinky toe  ouchies
OMG miley why would you do that!!!! 
Omg Monday 
omg monk is on it's last season  love dat showw
OMG my allergies are terrible.  I've been offline for 2 days!
OMG my ankle is healing from surgery but it itches like CRAZY!  Yay for cute cuddly puppy on my bed! :o)
omg my annoying friends are coming with a 6 year old that is mad 
Omg my back hurts cant sleep  farmgirl@&lt;3
omg my back is so sore  bowling tonight 
OMG my BFF's bday is in 5 days and he is in spain!!!! first in 9 yrs i wont talk to him at 12:01 
omg my birfday in 9 days  vegas in 11!!
Omg my black&amp;white billabong flipflops just fell apart  got new pink num ones :&gt;
omg my body is so sore 
omg my camel just bit my llama, i knew i shouldnt have let them out at the same time 
Omg my car won't start I know its the battery but that's all I know well someone is comming to get me 
Omg my cell phone can't break! I don't wanna get in trouble &amp; I actually like this phone  I really need to stop being clumsy with it.
Sitting on my stairs again... What's wrong with me? 
sitting on sisters computer 
Sitting on the beach. I'm gonna miss this so much 
Sitting on the boat waiting for the day to end. Too bad it's just started 
Sitting on the bouncy castle by myself  no one is game for a laugh!
Sitting on the computer doing nothing really 
sitting on the computer...wondering when christa will recharge her phone...i miss her 
sitting on the couch at my aunt and uncle's house.... extremely bored wishing i was chillin with my friends 
sitting on the couch drinking oj, my head hurts. nothing has gone right today 
Sitting on the couch with a badly bruised and hyper extended arm/elbow. 
Sitting on the couch, my phone is dying 
Sitting on the couch. ill 
sitting on the couch...bored,sleepy and hungry 
Sitting on the decking reading psychology notes with my ipod and my dog. It's far too warm 
Sitting on the dentist office. Looks like I'm gonna be here for awhile. 
Sitting on the plane, which should have taken off an hour ago. Still waiting. I could have slept an hour later.. 
Sitting on the porch watching the birds at the feeder with a cup of coffee....then off to show houses....on Father's Day 
Sitting on the roof of an undisclosed location. I can't believe they put a chainlink fence around our spot 
Sitting on the runway at Pittsburgh airport waiting to take off.  Flight Iis delayed. 
sitting on the school bus with my friend ellie! So not too epic! Lol. Really bored! And tired 
sitting on the stairs at the aquatic centre. i want to go home. 
Sitting on the train, alone 
Sitting On This and Msn Bored 
Sitting one seat away from Jenn. Thanks to Martina 
Sitting out in the cold at the neighbors party. Not happy that my father is a machista 
omg my dad came home for like a minute then went out to take my bro somewhere im so mad now!! 
OMG my dog just attacked the baby possum  we think its ok but not positive.... -fingers crossed-
OMG my doggy died!! I am sooo sad!! 
Omg my entire body hurts soooo bad..like seriously I can barely move  and it feels like forever since I've hung out with my friends (
OMG MY EX AND MY EXS BEST FRIEND WANTS TO SAK ME OUT! 
omg my face is so sun- burned! 
OMG my friend is trhieim up like xraxu  this is bass but she's laigiinb
omg my friends think im a total freak when i tell them about youtube and twitter 
omg my head has been pounding all night and wont stop 
Omg my head hurts 
Omg my head still hurts, i need to get my comics today so i got to hurry  lol
OMG my headache killing me 
Omg my ipod froze on the bus. Now I'm bored and I brought it to the club w me for nothing 
Omg my legs feel like i took psrt in a stanky leg competition i cant even sit on the toilet properly 
omg my life has no purpose anymore 
Omg my life just ended. They've discontinued melon syrup: the key ingredient in my green tea latte.  
OMG My Lil cousin is sooooo pretty (crossing my fingers) but she don't like me  http://mypict.me/41RB
Omg my mum is drunk and she just completely embarassed me infront of the good looking boys 
omg my neck and back is so sore i cant even move ! 
Omg my parents are fighting  again  why do thet do this everyday
omg my phone died forever.  well at least until i find my charger cable. which i am convinced is playing a sick game of hide (and seek)
omg my phone died forever.  well at least until i find my charger cable. which is playing a sick game of hide (and not too much seek)
Omg My Phone Is Crap, Its Been In Repair Numoras Times, Its Slow and Freezes, Worse thing is i cant exchange it until october, Help Me  xx
OMG my prepaid ends today  no more twitter sms!
Omg my stars for this week just depressed me 
omg my stomach is not feeling right... I feel blah 
omg my tummie hurts  i need a stomach rub
OMG my tummy is messed up! 
omg my twit mobile is not working... 
omg my wheat bag has a hole in it and now all of the stuff inside is falling out. I am seriously devo  I put a bandaid on it for now...
OMG never watch Saw lll at 4am... scary stuff  it made me sleepwalk and wake up having nightmares on my toilet?! Thats not normal.
Sitting out in the sun, picnic, great... Pity its in the backyard at work  http://myloc.me/4238
Sitting out on the front steps with my iPod and writing. This weather reminds me of mountain climbing...i miss it 
Sitting outside of a country pub drowning my sorrows 
Sitting outside work... Don't want to go in... 
Sitting under the hot ass dryer in the hair salon...one of my least favorite things to do.... 
sitting up and waiting for my dinner to go down 
Sitting up in bed watching TV, can't sleep 
Sitting up listening to music till 4am cause you're upset isn't wise. Boo to only 6 hours sleep 
sitting wait for something to happen  bored...to lazy to move  i just wanna cry 
Sitting waiting for my shift to start now, bored already. 
Sitting watching britain's got f all talent, but have watched a small girl cry and it's sad 
Sitting with Lotte. We had to do a newspaper-paper round at 7.40 am /: God, I'm so tired! And I've got a hangover  GREAT!
sitting with my cousins. really missed them. 
sitting, watching my sister watching 90210... the old one 
Sitting...alone...at home...and in dire need of someone to talk to 
Sittingin the lab Reading. Nobody wants a tour so far 
sittn at work  ready to G.O.!!!!
OMG next up JIMMY CHOO FOR H&amp;M!!! Not sure how I feel abt that reallie...chances are, nth's gonna fit me  x
Omg no one is on twitter. 
OMG Noo that's so not good! Plz don't listen guys it's just not fair to them 
Omg noo way!!!! Dude that sux!!!!  nahh dude just take it at mtsacc
OMG Nooooo!!! That was fast! 
OMG not another 30mins!!! I can't cope, need some tweets from the boys 
Omg not happy right now 
OMG not looking forward to tomorrow, starts at 4.00 am with a drive to Leeds, 2 meetings then drive home, should be back about 11.00pm 
OMG now i'm not able to go to ANYONE'S house !? What the fuck is up with my parents.. Now i can't see adam anymore 
OMG ok i think i offended some of my followers...i wasnt saying YOU guys were stalkers but please believe i do have a few on here 
Omg omg I just found this picture of miley Cyrus mitchel musso it's a dirty picture!!!! Wow I can't believe her 
omg omg my piano exam is in only 3 weeks! i'm not worried about failing but my teacher is gonna stress the hell out! AND THAT IS TOO BAD! 
omg omg omg i got this feeling that i will have to walk A LOT today.. damn 
omg omg omg i hope Robert's alright! im praying for you, my darling!  ... lol but seriously! PLEASE be okay! 
omg omg omg I SAW HIM..   they laughed at me :'( sad sad sad... but the jokes on them.. the stupid buggers!!
OMG OMG OMG I'M GOING TO KILL THE WHOLE OF AUSTRALIA FOR NOT VOTING HAROLD TO GET THE GOLD LOGIE 
omg omg omg omg failed pronz http://i42.tinypic.com/2cwsa4w.jpg omg omg omg i actually drew that. the fingers are so ugly 
omg omg omg omg... this is so cool; funhouse music video... i only just found out that there was one   http://bit.ly/noYDO
OMG OMG OMG! Less than 2 min left on saving this video then I can go to bed and cuddle with @nickneagle who has been out for a while 
OMG OMG OMG, I WANT TO DELETE THAT VIDEO, JACK SHOULD HAVE TO SEE THAT ON HIS VIDEO...boo redoing my video. 
OMG OMG on my cell n was chckn myspace. Added a asshole who page i shudve chckd b4 i added him. I need 2 delete him, not on a comp tho 
OMG ON THE LAST CHAPTER OF BREAKING DAWN im so sad i dont want it to end  but !!!!!! OMG SO HAPPY LAST CHAPTER !
Six am and im still tired. Us history test today. Fml. 
Six Feet Under marathon is going great, I wish I didn't have to go to class tonight though 
six flags was crazyy. I brought 60 dollars when I arrived but when I left I had only 1 dollar 
six flagswas awesome, but now i'm really sick. i don't think my throat has ever hurt this badly 
six people confirmed dead   from bad to worse
sixteen days oh my, its gonna take forever  i need to have my lvtt
Sixth grade today! Normally I would be hesitant with this grade but it's a good class. My job for tomorrow canceled though 
sizzling outside. Work inside = double 
skateboard needed mine is dryrotted... 
SKated the whole day..... TIRED 
skating by myself having fun, but wishing i had a skate partner.  
sketchy about the idea of doing vocals tomorrow night for @quietsteps .. when my tonsils are flared and gums swolen  .. #giveup
Skewning: Check. Now on my way to granddad in Golda. It's beachday people, go for it! Unless you're working like me 
skilling herb again 
Skin is angry. Oh noes 
Skin On Skin... I miss that 
Omg pannenkoekenboot... Allready seasick while embarking.... Nice day ahead 
Omg people ain't on twitta  nite I guess.
Omg perfection doc tissues i need tissues 
omg phil collins/plies duet!  .....i wish 
OMG poor mouse! I just killed a squeaking baby mouse with a rat trap! R.I.P., Mousey 
omg rang the jonas brothers the other day but it sucked cos they didnt ring back. 
OMG really!!  I will be 31 this week and I have a massive pimple.  What's up with that?  I feel like I'm in high school again. 
OMG RIP GRANDMA....I AM GOING TO MISS YOUUUU SOOO MUCHH OMG! 
omg robert pattinosn got hit by a car 
Omg Rpattz was supposed to do jizz in my pants?! What a cruel world we live in that it didn't happen 
Omg Run's House is gonna make me cry 
Omg scary dream!  Don't kiss me please!
Omg screw this shit!! I cant do all thi math.i have no idea what im doing with half of it.i cant have chapters 2-5 done by tomarow!!!!!!! 
Omg Secret Life was AWESOME!!!!!! I feel so bad for anne, and ricky, and george, and grace, and amy, and ben, and ashley, and everyone! 
omg shawn johnson has scary cankles  http://bit.ly/12e3ig
OMG she reminds me so much of victoria! 
Omg sherlane can't take the car out.. I'm hella hungry. I really wanted to go out and eat 
OMG SHIT HENNY THANKS!! I nearly forgot about the hills 
omg so  i pretty much wish corissa could come over haha  doesnt look like thts gona happen  ohh well im going up to the pool soon
omg so hot outside! And so annoyed i missed the end of roddick's match 
Omg so I broke up with my bf &amp; I realized he took 3 of my dresses to the cleaners &amp; I totally don't have the ticket. 
Omg so much stuff to do... tomorrow is my spanish lit test(w/ 70+ vocab words), thursday is my oral presentation and also calc test 
omg so my sister just slick molested me wtf 
OMG so pissed off with the apples mobile me live support that dont know any thing and if some thing is wrong they pretend its not pffffft 
omg so sad to be home in TO again   Missing vitamin R and of course the beach and sunshine!!
omg so tired from work 
omg so tired.feel ill aswell 
omg so wet and rainy these days  cant do anything outside
Omg some creepy guy is standing right next to me 
Omg some little boy got hit by a car in the waldbaums parking lot I feel soo bad for him 
Skins: Good programme. But I missed this weeks episode 
Skip day! No school for seniors! Guess where I have to go? School! 
Skip the BBQ; I'm upgrading my iPhone to OS 3.0 then jailbreaking it. I need my customizations. Sorry Apple 
Skipped breakfast today and headed straight to the loom - now I'm paying for it. Skipping meals means supplications to porcelain gods. 
Skipped going out to dinner and hanging out with Mizuka to stay up for a conf call that ended up in a no-show. 
Skipped out on tennis to eat at BP's with co-workers. Feeling logey from eating too much 
skippin class today..... its too nice for summer class...going for a run, tanning, walking, lunch, working (it wont be the same  )
Skippin' Screen this morning. Feeling like shit 
Skipping classics of love tonight, feel rubbish 
skipping my last class! Im really sleepy! Didnt sleep too well last night 
Skoda ze dnes nemame full acess 
skool is so borring on the computerrrr  so tirred and very borredd
skool now  huge day.... 3 tests/quizzes, project due tuesday, cat wait til its summer (Y)
Skrrrrt! My club buddy bailed. I guess it's a quiet night at home for Leah. 
Sky blue vertical line across my laptop screen won't go away. 
Sky has completely stopped working  no F1 for me
Sky ride by yourself is depressing 
sky turnin cloudy again!!! rain god giving no hint of an interval.. 
sky tv on xbox live in great britain and ireland.. and germany? 
Skydiving Accident ! Caught on Tape!! http://su.pr/1duJIb (via @the_gman) ... bummer! vid not available on mobile! 
Skylantern - how cool is that? I want one(or 2, 3..) but they seem to be illegal in Finland. Oh bollocks 
skype = best invention ever... got to talk to my best friend for an hour today. haven't seen her in 4 months  stoked for memorial day!
Skype app on iPhone 3GS pops up an unsupported OS error   But still seems to work.
Skype is not working and I can't talk to my mummy 
skype....Who got one? im bored as hell 
Skype's messed up now. 
skyping with @kellyjo970. sharing my horrible start to the weekend. 
Slacker radio doesn't work. That's sucks. 
slacking... down with headache on wet friday night 
SLAMED bf door as i was gettin into the car cuz I was super pissed and shattered the windshield. awesome, sumthin else i have 2 pay 4 
slammed mi foot in my front door last night..very bloody, VERY painful..&amp; of course I had no vicodin. sadface: 
slaving away at work 
Slaving over a hot computer...   Thanking God for a Job. :-D
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep even tho i kno immma fail my final tomorrow WISH ME SO MUCH LUCK................................      
sleeeeeeeeeep - why do i always want what i can't have? 
sleeeeeeeeepy. epic day! poor lover is in a cast  he's a toughie!
Sleeeeeeeep timeeee! Work super duper early! 
sleeeeeeepy lol but i gotta get ready for work 
sleeeeeep. taking dad to breakfast in the morning then work for the rest of the day 
Sleeeeep! More packing tommorow.     
sleeeeep. global in the morning 
Sleeeeep. Work from 11-4 later. That's it? 
SLEEEEEPY!! I want to crawl back into bed 
Omg someone drank all my wine  I didn't get any of it and it was my birthday present! Help for alcohol for tonight? !! :L
Omg sometimes I feel like I live for days off. Today is one of those times. Too bad I'm not off till Tuesday! Bullpuckey. 
Omg Songz is live &amp; I'm missin it!  This movie is a must c tho!
OMG sooo much traffic on I-95, I want to get to my house 
OMG Spanish exam tomorrow and i knows nothing!! hmm i *learn* spanish for 3 years and have failed every single exam?? sad sad sad 
Omg squidbillys is on! I haven't watched this show for awhile, dang I missed aqua teen 
OMG STEPHEN. That's two joke!fails in a row! 
Omg still at Disneyland, been here since 9am  Tired 
omg still feeling yuck think im goign to throw up 
omg still havent got the puppy  didnt sleep well.. gonna go lay back down!
Omg still no Blackie don't be surprised if I'm upset today guys. 
Omg stuffing everything in my head  9.00 exams start, I'm dying.  @anneeee is teaching me  Hahah.
OMG sunny-nights closed?? 
Omg Taylor Swift was amazing she is a true performer. I would so go see Taylor again. Kellie Pickler was too sick to perform 
omg technology i have missed you. phone has been dead since saturday, no longer receiving signal  plus no computer out of town.
OMG Tennessee is so hot. Hot. So hot 
OMG that Force India is a mess!   #F1
O-M-G that is soooooooo sad they got bur@CBSNews 
OMG that little girl on BGT!!!!!!!! 
Omg that was exhausting. I need a nap &amp; silence. But i'll get neither: it's dismissal time. Gonna be a cranky afternoon 
omg that was so boring.... why so serious, danny? they didn't even ask him about scream on   lol
Omg that was so scary i thought someone was hurt 
omg that's so cuttt. poor nick!  jimmy can smyd.
OMG the blues r losing  we can still make it rite??? someone assure me plzz 
OMG the day is just beginning. I can hear my bed calling me.  Many hours left to go 
OMG the heat in my room...I think I may be slowly melting  it's not ideal
Omg the hills! Then I love money2, aww I think becky buckwild goes 
omg the lady killer is loose someone hide me ima lady  i meann ima have to go in disguise  nooo
Omg the pool i'm at now has too much chlorine so we have to wait! I just want to dip 
OMG THE RAIN I DON'T LIKE IT. 
Omg the sat is this saturday. 
OMG the sega megadrive is back!! www.firebox.com £40 with 15 preloaded games... Whoop whoop! No 'Echo the dolphin' though 
omg the suns come up, the birds are chirping, and i still havent gone to sleeeeep 
Omg their so amazing 
Omg there must be 500 ppl here already. Will be lucky to get anything at all  http://myloc.me/24Eq
Omg there's frisbee tmr i better finish my 12 amaths papers  - http://tweet.sg
omg THESE COOKIES ARE DA BOMB! but only can get in Philippines.  i want unlimited access to infinity amount of them! greedy, heh.
omg they found a seat from the air france flight !?  im scared of planes now &gt;.&lt;
omg they were so cute *-* wish i was there   @miguelstdance
Omg they've changed the front of the shop! 
Omg thinking about lauren 
omg this book is so sad 
Omg this dude ernesto is driving me crazy 
omg this game is so over.... 
omg this headache will NOT go away!! &amp; i'm starting to feel sick again....not cool 
OMG This is not good. Traffic is so bad on I55 I'm already late for Aimee's ceremony. I'm sad that I'll miss it  On the road now 1.5 hrs!
omg this song is so sad 
omg this storm needs to stop 
Omg this us bard 
OMG thought of new stuff for my Youtube http://www.youtube.com/user/SecretNinjaSociety  look me up some time got nothing up there yet tho 
Omg tickets to  miley concert are so expensive 
OMG TO MUCH COW PORN ON DASHBOARD PLEASE STOP! thanks:| - (via jmariebphotography) sorry lol  http://tumblr.com/xko1yyoie
omg today sucks.  why does it have to be raining again???  why can't i jus tlive somewhere where it is warm and sunny 
OMG trying to updating apps and the App Store is fucking slow 
OMG twitter  can y'all see my photo??? cause i can't 
omg twitter freak today 
omg twitter spam, but you can study FINNISH ! with a YEAR IN FINLAND !! want 
OMG U guys - FB Newsflash!!!  Dolly's website temporarily down!!!    
OMG very shocking news... Jill Scott and her fiance split and they had a baby!  Dude she has his name tatted behind her ear.... SAD SAD
omg was amazing show tonight! felt really good apart from one thing!!!! chelsea wasnt ther cos she has a bad back!!! 
omg wat a boring start to a day revising sciene - physics -uggh soo boring but has to be  done test next week = gcse = 
omg watching tv and angel by lo-tel started playing in the bg of a show. BIGGEST THROWBACK EVER, WHY CANT I FIND ANYWHERE TO DL THIS FROM 
Omg we have to put my bb belle in her crate tonight and her crying is breaking my heart 
OMG we missed middlesbrough music live it was this weekend  I thought it was in JULY!! SORRY EVERYONE
Omg wearing pants today is killing me 
OMG well sunny out side!!! and i'm stuck in a boring computer room  xxx
Omg were driving on a highway. WE CAN GO FASTER THAN 50mph! Stupid airport driver. I think I'm gonna miss my flight. 
omg we're going to swim tomorrow for p.e. YOO cool. haha. don't know if i'm going though 
Omg we're not going to california D': brb crying :'( anyone wanna lend me $200? 
omg whats with the pornbot followers 
omg when I get emails of my favorite stores having sales, I get high anxiety like I NEED to take advantage of it!  HALP 
OMG WHERE DID THIS TEXT GO.. I JUS SAW IT ON MA SCREEN BUT ITS NOT IN MY INBOX.. AM I SEEIN ISH.. I HOPE NOT  AAAHHH
omg where has that sun gone  im not likeing the rain that has been forcast for the next 5 days !
Omg why am i such a baby when it comes to movies? It wasn't even scary, but someone got shot and now i'm scared 
Omg why am I watching this movie. Bridge to terabithia always gets to me!  I love it but hate it.
omg why cannot I keep to a diet or excercise! 
OMG why did they do that, I was crying like a baby  they killed him off.
OMG why does everyone judge? Oh and I am getting tired of people shopping during SALES dont they know thats when I shoo??? 
OMG why life aint fare 
omg why the fcuk im still up and listenin to musci and dancin lol oh how i miss club hoppin 
OMG why why why did I not buy this album sooner, I might have been in better moods earlier this yr if I had  Soooooo Mellow I love it 
Omg woah what a jerk he is.. Ahaa awe 
OMG Woolies bought Macro Wholefoods  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Omg work is hella busy my stomach is starting to hurt  glad i'm on break
Omg work is INSANE today, and of course they have us below minimum employees to handle it.  ugh!
OMG wow the thunder just raddled out apt.!!! 
omg wtf , this is worse than ff coming to 360 , why they need MGS 
omg wtf del mar fair is on?? Ahhh! Wish it wasn't so expensive though  Haven't gone since I was 14. Hmm...
omg xbawks is down for 24 hours  brb going to an hero.
Omg xbox live down... Le sigh Nazi zombehs must wait tomorrow 
OMG YAY MELBOURNE.  But no Wicked 
omg you have to watch it, but the season's over  its about these people in the frat/sorority system and their lives together. its so cute.
OMG your so amazing and perfect except... you have a girlfriend 
OMG!  I've been working on my shops all day.  Pity, since it's a beautiful afternoon   I should go out...
OMG! &quot;Before the storm&quot; I've never related to a song so much :o. Its so pretty 
Omg! :| My cat got out  Didnt think i would get him back.. Not feeling good! 
OMG! @HerFection and I wanted to grab you as you left cause I realized I was in space-cadet mode! Forgive me! 
OMG! Alex is not going on Summer Tour! What! What? I will miss him! 
omg! bad hair !! acidently Died hair BLACK 
OMG! better get to bed, i have to work in the AM  but lost has me all amped up, dont know if i can sleep
omg! can't believe it! 
OMG! charmed......is on tv, but in czech, oh fuck it. 
OMG! college is coming close, orientation was today, and i'm already an outcast, idk anybody  and i sure as hell am not talking to anyone
OMG! Gotta leave for the b-day party. Sad about missing Mavs-Spurs.  Maybe I'll pretend like I have something to do and leave early.
OMG! Gymnast Shawn Johnson Put To Sleep After Breaking Leg http://bit.ly/qZCDo #SAD 
OMG! Had 2 daylong Ray Harryhausen-inspired battle trying to get Vista and XP to dual boot. Finally done it! Now 2 weeks of reinstalling 
Omg! Had bad dream all my Utah relatives were murdered by my Uncle&amp;Aunt but left me n my girl alive. 
OMG! Had to make a new youtube! ElliotJonesVlog  Upsetting.
OMG! Has it happened? The world has gone to hell! My neighbor was robbed, home invasion style today!      I need a gun!
omg! i accidentally blocked someone from following me!!! im so sorry, stupid hands. i lost the person 
OMG! I ate too much. Balinese food tastes so good Dammit. I'm in pain 
OMG! I came home and Captain Awesome died.  I miss my beta fish already.
OMG! I can't believe Miley lost for &quot;Breakthrough Star&quot; on the MTV Awards!!!  -Congrats Ashley!-
OMG! I can't recite too much on my big test!! 
OMG! I got totally got ditched by my friend today, I put my plans on hold to hang out with them and what do they do don't show up or call 
OMG! I have a F'N Headache right now.... Booo!!  Got some work in tho...
OMG! i haven't tweet for this day 
OMG! I hope I haven't acted prematurely in bringing my cat back home! So far no luck getting the AC going again! 
OMG! i just found out my friend got cheated on!!!!! 
OMG! I just saw this huge ass spider!!! Im freaking out cause idk where it went 
OMG! I just watched the clip of Bret Michaels at the Tonys. I hope he's okay. 
OMG! I lay down for like 2 minutes and fall asleep for so long  sorry @ultraviolet10
OMG! I left the U in fck this time and next thing u know the @swear_bot called me a potty mouth 
@PerezHilton hey perez ! hope you're feeling better . no one deserves to be hurt like what happened to you  best wishes &amp; feel better &lt;3
@PerezHilton I hate you, that's the kind of crowd I want to hang with 
@perezhilton i live here  not cool... but no not there thank god! 100 degrees not my thing with thousands of ppl around.
@PerezHilton I wish i lived there  Come to montreal soon mr.perez !
@PerezHilton if i lived there i TOTALLY would 
@PerezHilton I'm on Team Perez, can't believe people are saying such mean stuff 
@Perezhilton im so sorry for what happened to you  will.iam shud be ashamed, even a teen like me knows that violence is not the way
@Perezhilton im so sorry for what happened to you and  will.iam shud be ashamed, even a teen like me knows that violence is not the way
@perezhilton im sorry to say this but, you should've seen it coming. But still i agree that violence is NEVER the answer. are you okay? 
@PerezHilton is your site down? 
@PerezHilton lady gaga tweeted about not being impressed by her video leaking just so you know 
@PerezHilton lol at your Sun extract, THAT true violence, you are just a screaming queen 
@PerezHilton lovein the intro to britneys circus wish i was going to the concert in london if only  lol xx
@perezhilton maybe you could help....even though im not a celebrity 
@PerezHilton My heart goes out to Ryan and Farrah.2 of Hollywoods legends ,comforting each other through Leukemia and Cancer..so brave  xx
@PerezHilton omg you're lying!!!! He was my fave from nktb... 
@PerezHilton Omg, i glad that you're ok! that's the most important thing! and i'm so sorry for what happened to you 
@PerezHilton perez....... The YouTube video isn't working 
@PerezHilton perez...im coming out of the closet and i really need some advice cause my peers are isolating me 
@PerezHilton Rawr it would be here in new mexico that something like this happens 
@perezhilton She answered it poorly -- but unfortunately, I didn't hear any boos from the audience, only applause   Very depressing ....
@PerezHilton she was way too overrated anyway. Shaheen was supposed to win! 
@PerezHilton she's almost as fabulous as u are!! I miss The Golden Girls 
@perezhilton so, miley really broke up with justin ? noo, now she will get back with nick j. 
@PerezHilton that's the saddest thing I've ever heard 
@PerezHilton there's something wrong with your website  code is all funky
@PerezHilton to let you know hunny the sun is a lying dierespectful newspaper http://bit.ly/K3ImM  its sick 
@PerezHilton What exactly is this amazeballs that I hear of?? Haha I guess I wasn't around when this started and I'm so lost  LOL
@PerezHilton Why is your wife making people pay $864 a ticket to see her show 
@PerezHilton Wow, sorry this happened to you  Violence is NOT the answer!
@PerezHilton you didn't deserve to be hit 
@PerezHilton You need checked into a mental home. Pity somebody would sign you in! 
@perezhilton.  shit, you're not dead yet 
@PerezHilton. omg i knoww to diversityy 
@perfectdenial baby id give you all my digits via DM but you dont follow me 
@perfectdenial my thoughts are with him 
@PerfectFan yeah i'm going.  sorry you can't make it.    i'll send darwin and dave your love.
@perfectvenue rats, forgot that was on 
@perideaudesigns so sorry I'll miss the morning with Kendall  Have a good one.
@Perignonic you have an early nite too, i've got a long day tmr at work man 
@PerisherSki rain isn't good - hopefully turn into snow soon. 
@perki bah! Damned school starts at 9 
@perkierthanyou  he is good at come backs so i still have hope!
@perksofbeingme My grandma used to give me a 2 dollar bill on every birthday too.  Miss her...  
@perksofbeingme Sorry to hear about the hard few hrs  I can't get to sleep either, it sucks. Xoxox, sleep well! Probably talk 2 u 2mrw! &lt;3
@perlanation I'm so sorry  *hugs*
@permeister really? It wad cloudly here all day yesterday but no rain   How's school btw?
@permeister yeah I know, totally sucking at bowling today 
@permeister Yes! Rushed all day fitting in clients, hair appt, pick up fiance, drive to location, then... rain = resched pics 
@pernz2k don't. They'll put it to sleep. 
@Perpetual_Kid how can you be so cruel to deny international shipping...    
@perpetualspiral i'd love to! but he is not here. 
@perpetualspiral not a good way to feel  
@perpstu yeah you would think right? There were several people who arrived b4 me 
@perreau the genius had gone to the back unfortunately so can't blame him, it just flew out my hand and hit the deck 
@PerriLewis wish I was coming. boooo 
@perriross errrr..i might have to get back to you on that one :/ i promised Jem i was coming but i havent got a dress, money or a ticket 
@perriross It's not wanting to send the files 
@perrybelcher sure is! Killing me 
@PerryBelcher Well I just think it is strange that the Bing outside the US is only Text and Image search ... 
@perryhawkins awww baby it comes out in october, not in time for your birthday   www.djhero.com
@PerryPiekarski I will greatly miss our conversations. 
@PerryPiekarski Im not sure, I don't really want to use/abuse it just yet. I might have to pop the bitch open if im out of warranty 
@perrystevens lol I am gunna miss during the summer holidays doing our handshake 
@perrythebirman all anipals *sob today perry~ 
@perrythebirman ooh you followed then unfollowed me, was looking forward to tweeting with you 
@persef I would gladly have him back in exchange for my sandwich though 
@persiankiwi Are you guys really ok with the Khamenei? He is the real problem 
@persiankiwi where are you? 
@persianshadow fine, how is every thing over there 
@persiflage It's not just you. 
@persinger20 wish you lived closer to me... then i'd have someone to go see it with 
@persinoamore I didn't want to. 
@Person678 Keep trying, I grew one last year and I was very pleased with it. Gf won't let me grow one now though 
@personalhudgens aww i bet  i'm good thank you x
@personaltelco No way! One less great rooftop spot for PDX 
@personasama BTW, Atlus used to send me all their stuff, but... time are tough it would seem. 
@pertuz18 aww i went to see it but it was sold out! 
@Peruana_Mami you gotta work today to 
@pervetastic it's on youtube  they all walk out with their kids and take a giant photo with their kids but no wives LOL
@Pervy_thoughts no still wont have it bloody thing sorry will try again later 
@Perwana not lately , thats why i was asking, 
@Petaaa gutted if you do 
@PETAEurope it's horrible  you're welcome anyway xx
@pete too early I'm afraid  op to take screw out week Tuesday. The family will going off, I'll me looking fir that Guinness ;)
@Pete_Brown   http://is.gd/17GPw
@pete_c Oh really - sad news mate 
@pete_c who is @nelja anyway? I really must get a bike 
@peteakalad yeah, I guess. My devotion to shiny apple products means I think I have to try to buy it tomorrow, though 
@Petedillon lots of people i dont know and Blue King Brown. But i missed them cos i was working 
@petedonaldson if you fought a giant squirral, it wud kill you  i wudnt want that!!
@PeteGreig hey... chess is a cool sport 
@petehinton I don't finish until the end of August  (via @joedetic)
@petehopkins I actually missed the True Blood premiere...  I heard it was a goood!
@petemahon I agree, but sadly, mobile broadband has been even worse 
@PeteMatthew pfft no you appear to be right - Monday sucks again 
@Peter_Adams I know, I knew that beforehand but i'm throwing it out there again. Tina Sloan kinda hinted.I just dont want Nat to go away. 
@Peter_Andre are u actually peter andre??? if you r then im sorry to hear about u and katie  x
@Peter_Henley Bloody hell 
@Peter_Nicholls omggggggggggg!!!!!!! lol you could've met Greg!!!!!! 
@PeterApokotos  I'm sorry. I hate that too.
@peterbalogh YES I am a huuuge Kris allen fan,i cannot wait to see him on tour..has any of the idols messaged you back? I wish they would 
@peterbaltes new stuff is definitely good. can i send you a song idea? udo loved it but stefan shot it down 
@peterbjordan aw, we had a kitty with FIP, v nasty 
@PeterBlackQUT but im home safe now dangerously twittering with a bogged mind  spellings r okaaay soo far 
@PeterBlackQUT its just @jonoh @ExocetAU @spoonerist @michaelmeloni @websinthe @stormwarden here.. the line for the food is huuge  sigh
@PeterBlackQUT RECIPROCATE. Nobody has MMS'd me back 
@PeterDeeTM I would if i was in the US  What do you think of my Demi drawings? http://twitpic.com/6ubr9 , http://twitpic.com/6s5ld
@peterdonald a so-far-non-paying client, Peter, giving me a bit of a runaround 
@petereckel i am totally jealous!!! i want a new bed 
@peterevanschef Hi Pete, im so sorry that Fresh is gone  really enjoyed it.
@peterfacinelli   you are just having problems all over the place
@peterfacinelli  I don't have an iphone...that makes me sad....
@peterfacinelli  i guess sometimes it's easier to just give up and move on i guess.
@peterfacinelli  i know it everytime i ck its like up and then down 5 minutes later totally sucks!
@peterfacinelli  Iran jokes aren't all that funny.
@peterfacinelli  rain is everyone at the moment! even in the uk with me  i hate rain lol
@peterfacinelli @gilbirmingham @ billy_burke I have been showing u all the love &amp; not even one at reply I know ur busy but come on!!! 
@peterfacinelli Another greeting from Slovakia.I do my best to get you as many followers as possible, but I think you will lose  so sorry
@peterfacinelli are there any plans when nurse jackie would be available on dvd??? i cant watch it in europe...  i'm bored of dr. house ;)
@peterfacinelli are you still losing people?  
@peterfacinelli awwe, you lost the backing to your chair! 
@peterfacinelli does Ashley have twitter? There's loads of fakes around and it sucks 
@peterfacinelli everytime I try to enter the contest I get a site offline message! 
@peterfacinelli Guess not... 212,939 now 
@peterfacinelli HELP! LOL Peter I cant watch anything of Nurse Jackie on the net. It says its not available in my country or domain! 
@peterfacinelli hey peter, sorry to ask but have you spoken to rpattz today? i was wondering if he was ok bc he was almost run over  xxx
@peterfacinelli hmmm, where are the millions of fanpires?  I thought u'll get at least 100000
@peterfacinelli How do you enter?  I'm lost!
@peterfacinelli I cant believe David Carradine is dead. That sucks. -- ditto 
@peterfacinelli I can't believe they changed the green shirt kid.. he was awsome 
@peterfacinelli I did the refresh with Ashton's account and his changed twice but I hit refresh like 20 times. I think you've been hacked 
@peterfacinelli i really wanted you to win but i dont think you're going to... 
@peterfacinelli I think your counter is still off..every time I visit the numbers keep fluctuating 
@peterfacinelli I wish u win this bet but... I don't think u will  maby write to twitter and propose something or maby just bribe them lol
@peterfacinelli I would love that chair backing but i am so new to Twitter that I can't do much... sorry  HEY GUYS FOLLOW peterfacinelli!
@peterfacinelli I'm sorry you had such a crappy day! 
@peterfacinelli It does 
@peterfacinelli it�so not fair....have to wake up at 3 am, cause then is the broadcast in germany.. 
@peterfacinelli i've been made redundant 2day, im soooo sad but i kno a msg from dr.cullen wud make my day 
@peterfacinelli Latest screencap, but 1 refresh later and it went down.    http://twitpic.com/7oovp
@peterfacinelli lifes not fair  i dont get showtime on my tv. no nurse jackie tonight. do they have the episodes online?
@peterfacinelli Mutany is afoot again!  haha   http://twitpic.com/7ra0h
@peterfacinelli My computer got a virus cuz I tried watching &quot;Nurse Jackie&quot; online last night. Worst week ever!! 
@peterfacinelli no. It came to London  Bring the sun with you in July &amp; I'll bring chocolate brownies
@peterfacinelli not at all. i'mma be working on projects and studying for tests and finals alllllllll weekend 
@peterfacinelli oh deary me this cannot be good. Happened to me yesterday 
@peterfacinelli oh no  -CUE THE MUSIC! http://bit.ly/Yjy6A
@peterfacinelli OK, so I'm all excited for staying up this late because w.coast twiterverse is still up and you're not saying anything 
@peterfacinelli Only 4 days left and I asked a few celebs for help... do you think we are gonna make it? 
@peterfacinelli Ouch on the speeding ticket! And the phone... 
@peterfacinelli pmsl...still a little time left. What are your thoughts now on this bet? Not good about phone and ticket 
@peterfacinelli Read about the bet from @daxholt, here to help.  FYI I still miss the Fastlane show 
@peterfacinelli Sad part is I was rewatchin Scorpion King &amp; 'membered thinking how hot u were 1st time I saw it, but had so few lines.  
@peterfacinelli sad, stupid twitter,  sorry, you want me to knock someone off??? j/k ...
@peterfacinelli sorry peter  i hope u win but if not lets hope he goes for the bargain! lol
@peterfacinelli sorry to say this but i dont think your going to make it to 500,000.  good luck
@peterfacinelli still needs more followers to win his bet... or does he? Twitter has really been twitterpated this week. 
@peterfacinelli sweet!!!! But I'm in Florida   YouTube?!?
@peterfacinelli that ALL suck ass  i'm sorry! trying hard to get more followers for you! this sickness is making it difficult though =/
@peterfacinelli the link says the site is down fix it??? 
@peterfacinelli the number is still going up ...and down  what can we do...??
@peterfacinelli the site to enter is down 
@peterfacinelli too should at least reply your supporter  @gilbirmingham does    I will keep tweeting for you anyway
@peterfacinelli twitter used to work very well, but now it's crazy! 
@peterfacinelli um...no, its pouring over here now! Punishing us NYers cuz u left! 
@peterfacinelli Whats going on with the hacking?! We better not lose because of this!!! 
@peterfacinelli whatttt no grown man in bikini singing single ladies and holding a twitter me sign? I am severly dissapointed now 
@peterfacinelli when I told @WheatyGirl about the number, she got http://twitpic.com/7rzaf.. I think we brokes your twitter  lol
@peterfacinelli Wow your counter IS really messed up it was just at 216,360, and it went back down to 216,167 in a matter of minutes. 
@peterfacinelli yay dodgers!!! The rest of that sucks alot. At least u didn't get hit by a cab like rob 
@peterfacinelli yay! congrats! can't wait to see the video of Mr. Rob D. How about the fans in the other country? we can't go 2 d event 
@peterfacinelli yeahh i think twitter is broken... it just went down.... a lot. 
@peterfacinelli You could do the Rob D. parade of bikini here in Brazil, Rio de Janeiro!  HAHA' I wanted so much to see the scene live! 
@peterfacinelli You know it's just not fair... Everybody saw 400 followers and what now 
@peterfacinelli you must be busy not to return the love 
@peterfacinelli you should make a tweet that tells people to leave RPattz alone! he could have been really hurt today  #peterfacinelli
@peterfacinelli you still need over 300,000 followers...  im tryin lol. you WILL win the bet! 
@peterfacinelli.....this is so messed up...yesterday you had at least 400,000 followers and now today you've got a little over 200,000 
@peterfriese  I thought you were up for some more fun.
@peterg11742 I'm starting to panic, my tv guide thing is showing basketball on NBC    AAAAAAHHHHHHHH
@peterloggins ... schedule says 10:30 class? I will be late for 10  #campjitterbug
@PeterM11 seriously, and there aren't enough of them these days. 
@petermannmc poor thing, hope y'all survive the drive 
@petermarriott hehe yeah same dude, catching up on my podcasts and talking to charlotte, need to sleeeeep 
@peternorthcote not a good day Pete 
@peternudo &lt;3 that video so much. I feel capable of this but it would feel gr8 to make it for someone who wants it other than just 4 fun 
@PeterOlson I'm dead broke 
@PeterRoskilly I guess Eurovision wasn't ready for shiny trousers and girls with their bits &amp; pieces suggestively showing 
@PeterSantilli I just took a crap. Sinkers, dunno shape but took enough time to read all tweets. Crap is best part of my day. Sad my life 
@PeterSantilli said a lot of things in IL too - but was accused of being racist for pointing it out.   People got what they wanted
@PeterSather trey brantley died this morning 
@peterscampbell: You're right, OWA '07 is pretty decent, actually. I guess my org isn't there yet 
@peterson5756 Sorry to disappoint but it was a blue bikini. 
@petervader yes, I got hacked it is in process of being fixed, is better than b4 , there was nothing b4 
@petewentz - I am here. Came 9 hours. 
@petewentz @markhoppus and now we arent able to see both of you.. disappointing. 
@petewentz @petewentz fuck  I wish I was in Houston. Shawn Connery, Peirce bronson, timothy dalton, roger Moore. And that's all I know
@petewentz @trohman @fuckcity omg i'm so so sorry guys  that's really sad. I hope you're safe now.
@petewentz are you here yet? Have you noticed the sky is falling? 
@petewentz aww im really sorry for your dog! 
@petewentz aww, i'm sorry about your loss.  take care.
@petewentz awww we already left.  Come to the galleria. PLEASE!
@petewentz awwww. im sorry.  its always sad when that happens.
@petewentz damnit I don't have flash on my mac or my berry. Peter 
@petewentz did you ever have a dream so awesome that when you woke up life seemed si disappointing? I just did 
@petewentz fix my hair please!!!! its been de-emoized   what do I do? 
@petewentz happy birthday even though you nerver said it to me 
@petewentz hey are you guys planning any So Cal headlining shows around the time of the Blink tour? We dont get you in Irvine 
@petewentz i am and it SUX!!  lol
@petewentz I hope some people do care 
@petewentz i tried and nothing came out. srry dude.  
@petewentz Im also wide awake. cnsidering its only 5 in Aus! haha! Come back to Australia soon  i wanna travel all round Aus! haha
@petewentz im so jealous. i want an octo drive 
@petewentz i've def experienced the agony of shampooedddd eyes &amp; its no fun  ...maybe you should make a brand of it for adults?
@petewentz listening to the songs of birds from Montreal! Can't sleep either 
@petewentz me! *jumps in the air* I'm probably going to watch re-runs of Degrassi. 
@petewentz me!! It's 4:04 am in Houston,TX and I'm still wide awake 
@petewentz meee i cant sleep i drink so much coffee its 2 18 am inNYC and i cant sleep 
@petewentz no sound 
@Petewentz nooo, i like your hair how it is now 
@petewentz Oh no.  I'm sorry Pete, I really am.  That really makes me sad. 
@petewentz or maybe a singer too! I dont know if i can sing, I think i sing good for me. But most people walk away from me when i sing 
@petewentz pls tell me u guys will make a new album i am sitting in my room cryin my eyes out if u r done i hav nothin to livr for 
@petewentz Pps? Sorry about Your Pet 
@petewentz sorry to hear about the dog 
@petewentz sounds not working 
@petewentz still up 
@petewentz ugh yes 
@petewentz very late on this but I love Dora and Diego. only my son is starting to outgrow them 
@petewentz why didn't FOB come to Glasgow, Scotland this year? i was www.gutted.com!!! i had to listen to the gig over the phone!!!  wb!
@petewentz Why do You Hate all Your Fans  We are not all that bad 
@petewentz wow, thats how horrible days always start out  but keep your head up! and maybe you can change things!
@petewentz Yeah. It sucks here right now. 
@petewentz yes  Happy Father's Day btw!
@petewentz yess  helpp&lt;3 can you like reply to me it would make my day
@petewentz you guys better play tonight  i don't want to stand in the rain for nothing.
@petewentz your audio got taken out 
@petexgraham Lies! 5 days without fractals AND COUNTING! I can feel my maths brain shrivelling 
@peteyg284 good mornin see I knew u was gonna 4get 
@PETEYG284 i THiNK i REALiZED U DON'T LOVE ME ANYMORE... 
@peteyorn  So disappointed that there is NO LOUISVILLE date onyour Tour.   You had two last time 
@peteyorn I want to but it's too long to retweet! 
@Petiethecat well... kinda... but is brudders faults! dey slurps me all over den all dis dirts jus sticks to me,  is not my fault! meow 
@PetiteCarnicera the food lion Soul Food seasoning rocks! i'm sad i missed the watermelon 
@petitefromage indeed, just getting a script monkey who isn't reading the issue, i can read KB articles myself 
@petitegamine poor baby indeed and poor mama   Let us know how she is.
@petitegreek88 That sucks.  
@PetiteLove Dang boo! well it's my last weekend at home, so I'm trying to enjoy it with my guys! 
@PetiteLove i know!!! and this is just a twitter trend. ya know! but yo im still laughin &amp; im sad the unfollowdiddy tweets stopped 
@PetLvr I still can't upload my pic  not working
@petmd Was Orangutan Island but @animalplanet didn't renew for a season 3.   (I'm sure @redapes would agree!)
@petra_rajala Aww!  Don't worry, some head pain is normal with any interaction with the Horde.
@Petraneferu  Agreed. 
@petrilude I tried to order on LJ but I keep getting an error  where else can I request items?
@petrivoges yea go figure... and probibly not in a good way... 
@petrolhead62 she says now it taught her a really important lesson a lot of people under 25 are driving under any influence now 
@petsalive I'm so sorry to hear that  Its frustrating for you guys and its just stupid on their part. I hope she finds a better home.
@petsalive ohhhh...breaks my heart.  I am so sorry.
@petsaretalking I highly suspect he has died due to so much rain...  If you think that is true it's ok to tell me.
@petsdotca I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@petsearch I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@petshopboys Aah! I can't watch it on my I phone  rats.
@petshopboys any chance i'll &quot;see you coming&quot; to vegas on tour finally ? or do i gotta trek to LA and mexico city again ? 
@petshopboys can't beleive I missed meeting you both  I never knew you were there! No one told me  hopefully another time...
@petshopboys hey, I want to meet &amp; greet you too 
@petsittingbysas yeah i'm not getting drawer sign but I'm also not a vet so I could just not be examing right for it   is no swelling
@petticoatjunctn Your links don't work 
@PettyshkaDM nooo  you're so lucky that you have Twitter in the phone. I'm jealous of you 
@petwebdesigner What a silly girl 
@Peulo level 8...  I'm running out of money..
@peyton_scott ShamWows' dont work  My mom got one. I was dissappointed.
@PeytonCameron awh   and it was, thanks!
@PeytonCameron i hope they have bracelets we culd buy on sunnnday! hahah since they didnt have any last nite! 
@PeytonCameron i kno it is  and that means we both got cute to look like hippiez for NOTHIN!
@PeytonCameron i knoow!! otherwise you wont see tricake and i wont see bumperz  thats no fun.
@Peytoncameron sorry for waking you up 
@peytonluvsjoe what about the classic one?? 
@peytonparker that sucks 
@pezella surgery? 
@pezz361356 Aaaah, sadly, not really no as there is a big chunk of it missing  What did you think of the final watch? x
@pfandrad3 Great  Just sent an email do Apple. It will go to the gret bit bucket, I suppose. Terrible support for a paying costumer.
@Pfeifer1217 you poor thing 
@pfeifnugget Haha, sounds good. I need a replacement, my old one was ruined, stuck to my old car's window 
@pfellas if she'd of wanted it like that then not a problem but sadly no she didnt 
@pfig 'bout 5-6 of them. And 2 Pixies. And have I mentioned Fat Bottomed girls? Stock up on Wii points 
@pfont its called 'dialup' 
@pforpatrickk i knooow you can't even lift me! 
@pfrigerio oh really? I hope not. 
@pfspleen and i use them every day! I dont understand it 
@pfspleen Apple, couldn't get pear from my little shop. 
@pfspleen ha ha, I am much better than any man!!! Although I'm not too good with databases and that's all we have at school 
@pfspleen well thats just being mean 
@pfspleen yes, it will, but need to move it to make room for the dream Smeg fridge freezer ..We are not DIY types so have to pay &quot;men&quot; 
@pfunk89 hey u dnt hve ur background nemore 
@pfunn Awww, crap. /takes all the fuses out of his cookie dough. 
@pfwebczar I know, there just isn't a good selection of stores in this area; so many of them cater to the students 
@pganton I did! but I got push moshed down 
@PGATOUR Dang I should have stuck with him in my fantasty picks 
@PGAWK but ive left it in my locker! 
@PGH1967 nice! Fragrant on that train is it?? Sending sympathy 
@pghcraft Wish I could've been there!  I was in OH all weekend.  
@pghpenguins .... man, I'd LOVE to have one in my yard down here in Memphis. Too bad I can't come home!    Lets Go Pens!
@pgizzle312 i know i shouldn't 
@pgreenbe exactly! folks blame CRM because they think that automation wud lead to b8r sales! i dont want that happening again  #scrm
@pgreenbe I agree. But I hope u'll pardon my technology colored glasses while I learn the ropes of mgmt &amp; strategy.  It was top of mind
@pgreenbe in a drive 2 increase efficiency the human, individual touch might get replaced w/ template responses even on twitter  #scrm
@pgrossi what deal... i have no deal with you sweetie.. u talk shit, &amp; i follow u... its a win lose situation I WIN &amp;  u lose
@ph115 (((PH))) What am I going to do with myself now???   
@ph3n0m I'm gutted. .. I didn't even know they were playing ... 
@PH7S coffeeTU, sushiTU, karaokeTU, all are not pregnancy friendly . Guess everything must hold until after labor+breastfeed period 
@Phai85 mine too  any idea why?
@phaikyee evillllll la u. I want blackdog too 
@phamtamm tsk tsk! I miss you guys 
@Phannerrr I'm glad the pills kicked in! Don't want u blowin the whole city away. Where would we live? 
@PhantamaroK Sorry, I know it's obnoxious.  I at least try to tack it on to pre-existing tweets?
@phantomdata how can you eat something that was just alive  lol
@phanxhunter i wish, but im leaving for church soon. The next time i could call you would be 715ish when confirmation is over. 
@pharmon: omg I know  I'm sorry. Come hang out w me I miss u.
@PHAROUT85 just looked it up. the construction was funded by NY municipal bonds which will be repaid by the mets... 
@Pharriell nothing  let's stay quiet together. ps: did you cry?
@PhaseBurn I wish you really could. I've been trying to rub it all day, and all I've done is make it worse lol. 
@PhatCrayonz I feel you on that - the realization that the person you thought was *the one* turns out only to be human - can be hard.  
@phatelara aww.. I missed it, I had to go tuck the kids in bed! 
@Phatemokid seriously, and the boss is down from Canada ALL week 
@phatfffat me too grl. Im so pissed that the Cavs lost 
@phathippo no running today 
@PhatJo21 ouch 
@Phatlip12 AWW. Guessing no lifestreaming tonight then. ;) feel better, bro. 
@phatmomma Hey. I'm home. My grapes died 
@PhaTrak *sigh*  Well I'm just gonna do what u said and be patient......*so hard for me*
@PheasantPhun but I don't hunt... anc can't  it makes me sad.
@Phee78 @shellie36 I just wish I didn't have other responsibilities that I think are more important than my fangirl pursuits 
@Phee78 Hon I really feel for you 
@Phee78 I can't work that from my phone, but I think it'll overlay green on whatever I upload  I need a real computer for this!
@Phee78 I just saw Donnie's blog! **hug** how are you doing? 
@Phee78 No, not at all 
@Phee78 oh shit   is that for brissy?  your poor friend :'(
@Phee78 thanks phee interesting i am looking at some of the stuff about them i might give that show a look pity moonlight did not go on 
@Phee78 told you sis yet? 
@pheiV girl don hide in your cubicle! how i wish i had my own cubicle. my office is like traditional japanese style.. boss at front one 
@phej So sorry to hear it.  At least you're getting closer to a real solution. Please give her a hug on behalf of us!
@phel He does, and he's trying to scan it ... I wish he would touch me like this when we're being intimate 
@phelpstwins i forgot what i said  i'm so ulyanin. haha. am i seeeeing you tomorrow?
@Phene I am...I'm hopin it's ok in the morning...I'm sittin on the couch with ice right now.. 
@Pheraya Don't think so  Going into Conor &amp; Jinx withdrawal. Shall bring laptop tonight! Will get there 7.30ish. Shall I bring anything?
@phersure  come over and watch snl with me
@phi  Damn. I have to say that I don't remember there being a force shutdown function in Mac OS... Apple confirms. Huh.
@phi WHAT?!?!?! Where is it? I didn't see it mentioned anywhere... 
@phiala I couldn't see your link. 
@phibear35 Shame you switched your work shift to go to the game when the #sfgiants lost 
@PhickOTM Sorry u got sick  btw &quot;great&quot; was about the cake not u getting sick LOL
@phiebs I'm welling up here  that looks expensive !
@phil_btt far too much singletrack on the course coupled with far too many fast team racers = bad idea on the ipod front... 
@Phil_G0BVD nope its gotten worse again and decided to do another rejection episode 
@phil_hellmuth sorry to hear that 
@phil_thomas i didnt say it was illegal 
@phil_z redeemed himself in the #zed table-tennis stakes, not only did I have mushroom pie for lunch, but had to eat humble pie too 
@philarch1 I miss New York 
@philaustin - I am runny! I'm not well at the moment 
@Philbradley Ouchie!   give her a big hug from me
@philcampbell same happenned to me re reset on submit - after 5 minutes of silence doing a stbarts hospital soundscape  lost the whole boo
@philclarke sitting in traffic 100 meters from home  thanks for letting me know why.
@philhawley I am having to reload iTunes and all my music back onto my laptop 
@Philin2 Noone got hurt, thank god! But my car had to be buried  cannot decide if I should get a new one...
@Philip_Phobia can't find a photo atm, but it's reaal short with a mini mohawk. a boring brown colour. i'm so depressed  haha
@philip9876 Oye you missed being winner at cricket-opedia contest by just 1 answer. U got just one answer wrong. 
@philipbloom I think that is sadly absent from the internets  That or the ass holes just stand out :/
@PhilipHotchkiss Sorry, but I don't see a Twitter user named @TomClain 
@PhilipMooney 
@PhilipNowak  Sadly, not a good new vibe, at least not for me. I miss Leno already 
@PhilippaVino no, not at the Winery tasting - my invitation must have got lost in the post 
@philjct freecell is like the mindboggling version of solitaire 
@philkirby and the nudity...don't forget that  i watch old episodes online and realize how ripped off i was a child !
@philkirby Sorry  My boyfriend bought it for me
@philko87 but i'm afraid of the ocean. 
@phill_horrocks Might do a day trip from here but not going much further. No time 
@phill1978 Will enquire further.  Doesn't sound good if it's true. 
@phillie_cheese forsure.  i just got home from visiting him...we gotta chill!
@philliphorne you never call me to say G'night... 
@phillipmaddox I'm right there with you. Primary line is eligible now while I'm not eligible until next year. 
@phillipmaddox Well, then I don't know...I had one in my home directories' Library/iTunes  
@Philly_Tax i hate that too, (but unfortunately i do it often) 
@PhillyBrk that's where I got my Toonie from....  she was a bait dog.  
@phillyD Id play u in CoD4 but Im a pc gamer 
@PhillyD OMG you are starting to be my magazines, i haven't seen your vids for about a month  i'm too busy now!
@PhillyD Thank god you're alive.  that's awful!
@PhillyD Wishing you the best!  &lt;3
@phillydesign I really meant more good for my wallet and my dieting goal. Think that I may have consumed combos last night 
@phillydesign People making fun of me on Twitter always creates lols  @LunaTechie
@PhillyGG i'm only a pessimist when you chop off the end of what I said! plus i think it is supposed to rain later 
@PhillyGirl528 aww  hope things get better for you. I will come down there and raise hell for ya ;)
@PhillyGirl528 facebook makes me  I have a twitter and myspace. I don't use myspace and wouldn't use facebook. I'm staying away!
@PhillyGirl528 that makes me  I won't have 24 hours a day to play it by then.
@PhillyGotBarz @msmyndi i dont know what else to do  i uploaded it twice.
@Phillykidd we use to be like bestfriends 
@phillymac don't crush my verizon dreams  http://myloc.me/2Koz
@phillymac except there's stuff in there I definitely need to file/save 
@PhillyMarketing not much to the article. I hope it helps. Both are in the hospital  but the article does say where they are, she can call
@phillyreds You shoulda called me. I'm a fellow insomniac ...   
@PhillyRedz phone ringing to voicemail....bbm unreachable....WTF hmm so not like him...maybe he passed out when I disappeared... 
@PhillyRoll I'm so sad I can't make it to Irvine or Vegas   I'm a bridesmaid in my cousin's wedding that weekend in Houston
@PhillySaxon Oh dear God, you're scaring me. I don't want my life taken over, but I'm strangely intrigued  This can't be good.
@philomglol @TunaCrust suggested ians.am as a domain hack. Comes with a nasty pricetag of USD$75/year 
@PhilonBOB Good morning to all of you!!  Who won the birthday game?  Cannot get you on my radio at my desk 
@PhilosopherB Sorry to hear about your grandfather 
@philrickaby If only I could join you 
@philrox well that just wasn't necessary 
@philsbh awww im mad i had to leave 
@PhilsLion i feel like phil doesn't really take care of you, these tweets have me worried. 
@philslion sorry I accidentally hugged an elephant 
@PhilsLion ugh. school isnt out yet. have to go there another 3 weeks and 1 day. the 3 weeks doesnt matter, but in the one day! mathstest 
@Philsz of course ill be there, its my bdaybash dude! Haha ik had ook wel willen gaan  http://myloc.me/4qPQ
@philwalters Does look good, but I'm gonna have to wait as I have a Nikon. 
@philwest64  Hugs. Sorry to hear. Most medics are morons, we should be receiving better treatment than this. Good luck &amp; take care x
@philwest64 i love kabobs ... never eat them anymore though 
@Phinally @OrangeandBlackk Flyers not invited to play in Winter Classic, 
@phinesiabell I would be happy with just one dm from @jordanknight, but I can't get no love   lol
@phinesiabell Thanks! I will. I've got to keep busy to keep from going crazy tonight! It was supposed to be my first 5* in Tampa 
@phinguyen i guess only a everything you just said and then some would not know what that is 
@phinneaus I know I'm sorry 
@phinnia I know   I love reading about extinct species but at the same time it makes me sad. The Carolina parakeet makes me angry.
@Phintly Aw, I didnt see the photo request till just now  I will tell you instead: Purple pleated top, pencil skirt, gold mega heels. HOT!
@Phirewire too many shoots / agent appointments..only get to see my mum for 2 days  haven't seen her in a year+
@Phish hits the road again tomorrow. Looking forward to setlist updates. Sad that I may not get to hit anything this summer. 
@phishgirl3 thats possible lol sowwie  pwease forgive me
@PhishyBrewer I was sick with sunstroke for 2 days    But now today I am feeling better a bit 
@PHLAK Awesome pic man. Not sure about tonight  Got to be on a plane tmw to head to Oregon at 5am.... Transformers 2 vs Work.....
@PhliWiddaPencil if i could i would... But i dont have a car   A.E.
@phlojo its called categories yet it is only accessible for jailbreaken devices 
@Phlop I haven't even seen The Hangover once. Somehow all my friends saw it without me cause I was busy with summer exams 
@phlthy01 that sucks 
@phlyboi09 yes it is...I was wonderin wat happened 2 you 
@PhlyyPhree i'm sooooooo mutha=effing jealous that it's not even funnyy 
@Phoboy86 I know 
@phoebe_woody wish it was here! it's raining again in Manchester 
@PhoebeGeorgina I have to buy mine. It sucks. I want a new phone. 
@phoebelovesit hey when are we hookin up for lunch??? you flopped me and q when we were going to take you out! 
@PhoebeWilson05 yeah i bet that it did too  i wouldnt like to have 4 of my teeth punched out would you? :S
@Phoebo I know I know  but hey you don't have to put up with super lame lotto jokes......or maybe you do
@Phoebo oh poor you  atleast get paid for staying back or?
@Phoebo ty ty but I look ridiculous with them 
@Phoebo yeahhh 8th of dec, tickets on sale july 1st but only 300 standing tickets are being sold and you have to line up for them 
@Phoemail Perhaps it's a publicity stunt for the final series of Lost? actually, that's probably pretty poor taste if it has gone down 
@phoenicks no css issues.. site is hacked by mr rat and mr hacker... they are thanking me for vulnerable scripts 
@phoenicks this is wat i was expecting and fearing from 
@Phoenix_Eternal What?! That's shit  You don't deserve to get trapped in such a situation :/
@phoenix_life I'm sorry  I don't really like using msn.
@phoenix19 Awwww  lets hope not. BTW what bird is it?
@phoenix968 NOOOOOOOO!!!!   Wish I could go downt here and kick McLarens backsides. Shouwl be a good race though, thanks for the info xx
@PhoenixAshes33 Woman, you totally should have let him make that sign. 
@PhoenixButch I'm cranky 
@phoenixgsu I know, I couldn't find anything on craigslist either, they're all whining about David Letterman 
@phoenixgurly because i miss everyone. 
@PhoenixHawk &amp; @esasse: I have installed TweetDeck but it does not start, process hangs just there (Taskmanager) nothing else 
@phoenixmert LOL! I had to get some files off of it. I kinda fixed it, but its running soo slow and freezes constantly! 
@phoenixpwns I know but its something to do. I don't have an xbox like you 
@phoenixq It's totally random now. Some nights can be real good music, others its pish. 
@PhoenixRed The theory is to tone down AoE spam by increasing ST dmg.  However healing aint' keeping up with it 
@phoenixstan That is why her hand was taped up. Tough break  
@phoenixxinOz yeah me too - #ie6 will never have an end of life 
@phoeNYkx People are going to say UFO's are responsible. 
@phonakins yeah looks like I am going to miss that window by about 3 mins 
@Phonedog_Noah the same thing happen to mine it's ok now. However, my cydia and installer went away oh no!!!  Help me!!!??!!
@PhoneTrips I tried it and nothing 
@phonography  rofl
@phoopee3 OH GOD NOT THE BLUE DRINK! 
@Phooto good point. I think for a shuffle which are relatively cheap, it may be worth it for decoration. lost stuff stays lost these days 
@phosphorescent @phosphorescent But... taco! 
@photar I would if I had $150. 
@photine, no, I was playing the drums.  I'll check the guitar out, but I might just need a new one. 
@PhotO tomorrow nite is the Lost season final  very upsetting.
@photo2010  No live webcam at the Egyptian Theater   Dam I better take a nap I'm wiped out
@photo678 hmm... I don't think I got it...  I swore I signed up for it...
@photobucket i know my password, and it lets me see my protected photos after i log in, but it acts as though i'm not logged in! 
@PhotoBugF4 @centrechick No, I did want to stay.  Cute drummer hitting on me? Yeah, I'm in. But had to be at gov't meeting at 8 this morn 
@photofireman22 Yess I ignored you, I was editing pictures last night...Sowwwyyy 
@photogirluk can't do 24th sorry beauty, xxxx email fail too 
@photogjack Yeah, the prices on the used market for Hasselblad are not even close to the way they used to hold their value. It's a shame 
@photoindustrial anytime, i totally agree, the thought of the whole thing is really upsetting.   I sent the petition/letters a while ago
@photojunkie you wait until they fix the bugs 
@photolady07 yeah you can thank @james_a_michael for that! LOL the harem has left it seems like. 
@photosbycharise oh no! that is heartbreaking 
@PhotoshopTutors i cant DM you back. 
@Photosmitten  It's okay, dear. I have to retake biology.
@photovance tch such a pity i'm gonna miss you're trip here 
@PhotoWalkPro wish I had remembered about this... @hrider was down there, too 
@phowe9....noooo it cant be 
@phpcamp Further you can experiment the search box on the left as well or increase the top search box. The PHPCAMP Logo goes un-noticed 
sleeepover tonight i miss my friends 
sleeepy but still loooking for the uncharted 2 beta codes.. 
sleep &gt; school. battery not holding a charge 
Sleep all mucked up here for DS. Transition to one nap = up at 5:30??  yipes! Help! #mom
Sleep at 1:00am + Wake up at 5:00am = 
Sleep coming very late once again  I need to start taking pills for zis or something
Sleep debt is killin' me!!! Sleeping at 9:45pm last night till 8:15am this morning still doesn't help. 
sleep deprivation is making me stress about english 
sleep deprivation should be illegal!! i should so call in tired today... 
Sleep fail.  And now I'm the only one in the office in time for the morning meeting. Feel like I've stepped into an alternate universe.
Sleep for just 3 hours 
Sleep for now then get up in 4 hours  then a very busy week aghhhhh
sleep is in order, but it will not come 
Sleep is much needed but wheeennn 
sleep is my favorite time of the day cause i don't have to feel the pain  night
Sleep is over-rated but my eyes burn from the lack 
Sleep is proving a touch elusive for me.  Not fun.  
sleep now please. I can't stop thinking about spiders 
Sleep now. Out of smokes. 
Sleep overs done  but were planing a party for Friday!! AP test is done Monday!
sleep seems unattainable at this moment and the rain forcing me to re-evaluate the wardrobe for todayz interview  but I will perservere!!!
Sleep sounds good ... but pounding the fuck out of hillbilles that mis-treat their children sounds WAY better. *Can't change the world.* 
Sleep text &amp;+ tele I feel so crap :'( aha I miss alex  x
sleep then work in the morning 
sleep this week is going to be hell..i hate finals 
Sleep time, unprepared for tomorrow though, in a big way 
Sleep time.  Tomorrow is gonna suck 
Sleep time. Got a morning conference call 
sleep time. I don't get goodnight kisses tonight  boo.
Sleep time... To bad no followers yet? 
Sleep Time.... Not Well Today 
Sleep time...up at 8:45 tomorrow 
Sleep was good. Accidentally moved my neck wrong last night. I need some vicodin - port placement sucks! 
sleep work 230-10 today  missed house md tonight booo
sleep yes. work .. ugh wish i could say no  . Niiighhhttt &lt;3
Sleep! Precious, precious sleep!!! Then, work on a Sunday 
Sleep! Working brunch tomorrow, then celebrating Ryan's 21st! And saying goodbye to Nick 
Sleep, work at 8:30 till 5 
sleep. but only about 6 hours. 
Sleep. Uninterrupted sleep for the 2nd night in a row, and amazingly that depresses me a bit. I like my 5-6 am feeding/bonding with snuz 
Sleep. Wishin he was next to me.   &lt;Waitin on HIM:-D&gt;
Sleep.. I'll be in my own bed at home for the first time in over 4 months tomorrow night... I'd rather be in Chatham 
sleep... then class/studying for 12 hours straight. exams next week 
Sleep....gotta work in the early am 
Sleep...nursing a bladder infection...ha! u kno it 
Sleep...should have cleaned. 
sleep...why can i not?...last night got drunk and i slept all day but i really need to sleep...long day 2marow...lots going on. busy busy 
Sleep? Not these days. 
Sleepin experiment sorta worked.. I woke up @ 6, 7, 8 and 8.30 as usual but managed to get bk to sleep quite easily.. feel like crap tho 
Sleepin in my tent..too many bugs 
sleeping  i had a operation in my mouth - very unpleasant
sleeping @ kims for the night--still no power 
Sleeping alone 2nite  that sucks!
Sleeping alone for the first time in nearly two weeks. Safe to say i don't like it 
sleeping alone sucks 
Sleeping alone sucks.  
sleeping alone tonight 
Sleeping alone tonight cause Crystal went to Josie's house. 
sleeping and missing a terrific boy 
Sleeping and missing my sister. 
Sleeping before a busy travel day tomorrow. It seems strange not having my little dog at home though 
sleeping in  was not a good idea now i have a major headache. 
sleeping in my car tonight 
sleeping in was interupted by JACK-HAMMERS at 9am Damn! Universe says GET UP! But I was up intil 3am 'cause I thougth I'd be sleeping in 
Sleeping in your contacts is not a good idea! My eyes hurt and are very red  I don't know how some people do it  every night...or why?!!!
Sleeping last night was more like a nap and less like anything remotely rejuvenating  Hoping for a fast day at the hospital!
Sleeping less then 6 hours gives you a great feeling .. 
Sleeping like a normal person again tonight... one that's in a lot of pain 
sleeping next to a 3 year old all night because of scary one eyed monsters makes mumma tired 
sleeping on a pile of sweaters on my bed. I don't wanna get up in 2 hoursss!! 
Sleeping on the beach with the sound of crashing waves...and the train tracks 
Sleeping on the flooor for now on. Baby is starting to give me sleepless nights like a real baby would, not a kitty! Geez. 
Sleeping on the floor in Portland 
Sleeping on the floor under millys desk at MTV. So tired... 
Sleeping over at my two married(to each other) friends because I miss having a family 
Sleeping over my cousin's house for the weekend. Bugzy 
Sleeping pill did nothing for me tonight.  
sleeping the WORST these days.... wtf.... love my sleep 
sleeping then back to richmond in the am 
Sleeping until 3:30 PM is something I never do. Weird to sleep all day. Really bummed about not meeting other members of the CCC Team. 
Sleeping!! I don't get enough lately 
sleeping. w/o Mya in the room. 
sleeping.. stupid work tomorrow 
sleeping... I have to work early tomorrow... 
Sleeping...church in the morning then on a plane back to Fayetteville!  I don't want to go back!
sleeping...not working out so well. 
sleeping...work way to early tomorrow 
Sleeping's such a pabtis. I love you, sleep but no more nightmares. 
sleepless in Paris...thinking too much is bad for napping...played an AWFUL gig last night, I was rubbish  must try harder
Sleepless Nights � Blog Archive � Heart attack  http://bit.ly/GbNcm
Sleepless nights suck! I wish i had my baby wit me 
Sleepless with a ear ache 
Sleepless... phone interview in hours 
Sleepovers Over  So Gutted 
Sleeps! I need you 
sleepy  babysittin tha nephew..tlkn 2 tha babez..had a lonq day..i need to rest..nite nite..twitter people
Sleepy  but still have work to do! No grind no shine!
sleepy  but... checking student central constamtly... only 2 of my marks out of 4 are up! gah. and baking had made me a blob.
SLEEPY  I Wanna Do Treadmill Tomorrowww.
sleepy  someone come give me cuddles? All I want's a nice man!
Sleepy  Up was really cute.seeing friends was great. Work 9 to 5 and punchline in jermyn...
Sleepy &amp; I want to nap. But I can't.  damn it.
sleepy . always hope for that . i miss him  .
Sleepy after a looong day at work! I cant believe I have to go back to school on Tuesday 
sleepy again. also queasy. need to shower before slep....what an effort.  will i stay awake long enough to consume my easyway?
Sleepy and missing my baby....A couple more before I get to be in his arm again 
Sleepy as hale. I hope the afternoon goes by slow, because I don't want to do anything. 
sleepy as hell  haha I won a printer last night what's up!
sleepy fosho.... today ahh today i missed my buddys grad party i hope hes not mad at me 
Sleepy from all that crying  all I wanted was for this to go away  (yes, I have feelings)
Sleepy from packing all night and missing my puppy 
sleepy from waking up early... my tummy is upset 
sleepy going to bed got double p.e in da morning  ttyl love ya's
sleepy head  it's very hot.
Sleepy head.. chances of actually sleeping? Slim to FUCKING NONE! 
Sleepy head? I wish 
Sleepy in the morning. And this is the consequence of a fight with two mosquitoes at 3am. 
Sleepy little boy got my bed stolen not once but twice by Danny then Cam sleeping on a couch no one to cuddle with anymore 
Sleepy monday morning 
Sleepy sleepy time... I need someone to cuddle... 
sleepy star wars loner 
Sleepy time ... But alone tonight  go make that money baby!!!
Sleepy time. Headache  and I miss Jessica aka  JessieKitty.
Sleepy time. It was a fun night even though i complained. Tomarrow i get to cruise in a 2010 audi. Wee. Then I have to give it back 
sleepy time.. work at 630 am 
Sleepy town  But loving being in Charleston!!!
sleepy weepy required... 
sleepy!! a 20 min project took us 3 hrs... tias talk like crazy!! n i missed out on a fun nite!  nite all
Sleepy, sick of everything and wants a proper piercing in my nose, not just this one 
sleepy, today is sport and english exam 
Sleepy, wanna go home, take a rest 4 a while N then maliq time... Tp masih di Pd. Gede, plg jam brapa ini 
Sleepy, wondering why i never wrote about certain things in my diary, now I'll never know 
sleepy, work againg all day tomorrow 
sleepy. . . . Hungry . . . . Maybe thirsty. . . . But sleepy. . . . Ok maybe bored. . . . No, just sleepy . . . 
sleepy. i so don't want to get up. 
sleepy. miss my pal @malbearyboo 
Sleepy. My feet hurts need a massage! (olds fractures...) 
Sleepy. No school tomorrow hopefully- swine flu. Misses Steph already. 
sleepy. working early tomorrow 
Sleepy.. with a headache   yes, I am whinging!
sleepy.. work 9 till 530 UGHHHH... then idk. prolly getting fired this week for being late the other day  FUCKKKKKKKKKK
Sleepy...but cant fall back asleep! 
sleepy...not done editing...will annoy me if I don't finish...didn't do my homework...looks like I'm pulling an all nighter. 
slept 12 hours... still sleepy 
slept 3 hours  i can never sleep after a night like that
Slept a few hours after getting up for our return flight at 3.30 am.still tired  Feel like I could sleep all day .....
Slept a while, but sad because convo has happened and I missed it 
slept all day  now ozzie mad at me.... wasnt enuff adam hates me now ozzie does too.... cant win.. didnt feel good today
Slept all day aftr a grvyrd shift. just woke up. Evryone went 2 the damn beach while I slept. Woke up to a Gazillion texts from everybody 
Slept all day. I'll work in some fan fics tommorrow. I think I'll be sick in bed anyway.  
Slept at @timrosenblatt and @yukoncorne1ius and now I gotta drive home. 
Slept at 7am and woke up at 3pm. Another late night tonight??? Side effect of this: I am hungry ALL. THE. TIME. 
slept eleven hours. feel a little better. still coughing up greenness though, if you wanted to know. bummed its so nice out 
slept for 10 hrs and irans more crazytown then before I went to bed. so much happening! 
Slept for 10hrs. straight......  feeling guilty now 
slept for 12 hrs due to the 2 hrs sleep from night before. getting ready for work &amp; grub. 
Slept for 13 hours. And very well, thank you very much. I wish I could be a full-fleged vegetarian, but everyone in this house eats meat. 
slept for 17 hours. ansakit sa ulo! 
Slept for 1hr and 10mins. Wow, some kind of nap. 
Slept for a little now up at 4 am with a stomach ache  Awesome.
Slept for an hour ish and now can't get back to sleep! 
slept for hours during the day, now im wide awake 
slept for like 5 hours.. lol. i want to go to craigs party! but donno if i can 
Slept from 12:30 to 8 last night, 1 to almost 8 earlier, and now it's midnight and I'm exhausted again. What the fuck. 
slept from 5pm-830pm. just ate cereal and a piece of mango cake.. i'm gona start working on my term paper. 
Slept in  Can't Wait till She Gets Home! Miss Her So Much... Wish I could find a ride Right NOW!!
Slept in  oh well it felt so good!
Slept in after being woken up multiple times last night by various people and various levels of ridiculus noise....exam at 2 
slept in and has no time for Sushi before work!  Gimme a rain check, #SushiDay
slept in by 40 minutes. Darn body for thinking that I NEED to be up at 7 
Slept in on Saturday like usual. Needs to figure out what to do this weekend. One of her last weekends here. 
Slept in purgatory, had to get through the night suffering 
slept in this morning and totally forgot she had a staff meeting... oops 
Slept in this morning: 7:40 woke up  Still working from home - it's hardly a disaster
Slept in till 11.30 this morning, albeit migrane-inspired sleep 
slept in too late to go to the gym.  shower and working 3-8
Slept in, which is great, but i had a rough night sleeping. Bad dreams. Es Triste. 
slept in, yet again. about to finally go take that jog i've been putting off for days. then back to the house to get ready for work  ick.
Slept in. Time to get up and do some yardwork 
slept last night like 6 in the morning .... ahhhh .... 
slept like a log, until the phone rang 5 times in an hour  Waiting to hear from my love...
Slept like crap 
Slept like crap last night  struggling this morning!
Slept on &amp; off all day today. Dan fixed my computer. He put more ram in it for me. We had pizza n'good times. Though now I HAVE to sleep 
slept on d couch last night n 4 d 1st time in 6 mnths @nednazri wasn't there to wake me up n move me to my bed 
Slept on it and I still don't know what to do.  Oh, me.    Why do I do these things.
Slept on my side last night and now my left ear is back to normal but my right ear is worse! My balance is wayyy off now 
slept on the floor because i was/am scared that there are ticks still in my bed from my kitty...  longest night ever
Slept on the ride home. Just ate dinner. Wants to eat  Reese's 
slept over my friend morgans house  now im home and going to take a shower! pool partay today!!. might rain 
Slept so badly last night.. then got up at 6!! wayyy too early!! 
Slept so late i have no time to climb today  But really, really needed the sleep.
slept so late, i missed church  i have no clue what's going on with me.
Slept so well - lack of socks  But full today, late one too. Bring on tomrrow and new equip being delivered!
slept super early without realizing, woke up super early (4am) thanks to dad... why must he always talk to me so early in the morning!! 
Slept terribly... And today is going to be a heavy day - teaching wise...  Oh well, more coffee then...
Slept the whole day again. Unproductive. 
Slept through church. After my week of hell i needed some worship and a word.  i never sleep past eight. What the Heck!?!
slept through my alarm and missed college on my mums bday, not cool 
slept through my alarm. this is why i need to have at least one day off a week. 
slept to long my head hurts  bah!
slept today for 3 hours ruined my study time  grr watta nerd
Slept way longer than I meant to and am now down to less than 6 hours to finish this paper. NOT good... 
Slept way too late. Missed a good opportunity to go into the pool. Oh well  meeting with the group and our cast soon!
Slept well and late , going out with the fam for lunch, minus grandparents.  Want to listen to a UOGB song that I don't have 
Slept well but woke up too early. 
slept when she got home and now must do homework at 4am.  
Slept whole day. Still feeling sleepy 
slept wrong and pinched a nerve in my shoulder so now it hurts like hell to move my left arm 
Slept wrong. HUGE crick in the neck 
Slesai sudah tanggung jawab gw d sma !!! Tnggal kuliah mamenn . Miss our laugh,jokes,depression  at school . Good bye all of u !! 
Slice of toast = not good 
Sliced my finger really bad todayy 
Slight flooding in my Parent's hometown of Nabua due to Typhoon Dante...too bad for the Pintakasi Fiesta that takes place today 
Slight floral panic...Dern flowers better get here in time. 
Slight hangover 
Slight hangover. 
Slight hangover...but more pressing: my allergies have me snotting every 3 minutes..  What to do with my lovely saturday...?
Slightly annoyed I didn't do my presentation for tomorrow before now. I will be stuck inside on the laptop all day. 
Slightly annoyed that @TweetMyGaming doesn't have MGS1, the first two Splinter Cells, or Sphinx and the Cursed Mummy in their inventory. 
Slightly bummed that my blog design isn't done yet  I'm so curious to see it!
slightly burnt on my shoulders but it is turning into a tan. today was fun today except for the blisters on both my big toes, they hurt 
Slightly concerned at the state of my sunburn now. I currently resemble a lobster. Looks pretty bad 
slightly depressed about the Cavs loss tonight - but - this too shall pass 
Slightly disappointed.  35:20 for 5miles is not where I want to be right now. Any tips for picking up speed? Getting over mental blocks?
Slightly huuuungovah 
Slightly sad 
Slightly sad about missing wing tuesday... Damn late work 
slightly sad moment 
Slightly simmered down now. Possibly still would have lost, but the umps completely screwed the contest in the end. 
Slightly sunburned  amazing seeing as how often I'd hose down in sunscreen
Slightly sunburned and dehydrated 
slightly tired of having an mia boyfriend 
slightly too much vodka last night, thnk I may be on juice tonight...feeling a bit rubbish 
SlipKnots doing a lil summer tour in US bt man they arent coming to Az!  it wod have been amazing to see them again!
Slippy pa....haaaaay.....but i nid to wame up na e... 
Sloane and I just ate an entire pizza except for two slices. We are such fatasses. Now I have a tummy ache. 
slogged my way through a solid week of work for it to rain 
S'lonely not knowing others who are into UFOs, esoterica, hermetica, occult, &amp; paranormal stuff. I need a community! 
slooooooooow news day 
slovenia so close but so far away 
Slow &amp; difficult start to the morning which became disastrous as I realised I had no coffee at home..... Now relying on office coffee 
Slow and easy morning. I don't feel good  Poor L has the sniffles and the runs.
Slow day today: All apps launch as if they were PPC  Maybe it's those 110 Volts?
Slow downloads depress me 
Slow Monday 
Slow night so far.  1 load of wash and 2 loads in a dryer.
slow playing bullets, was lucky there 
SLOWEST DAY EVER. Starving. No food 
Slowest sandwich bar EVER. And it's in-house 
slowly getting over my strep throat!!! it still hurts tho! 
Slowly gettn out of bed to a rainy day. Guess no layin out today 
slowly losing my tan due to the gross weather 
Slowly recovering from my surgery 
Slowly running out of roads 
Slowly talking Cory into a Vegas wedding. Only problem is Chase won't be able to join. 
slowly working through the list over the weekends 
Slugging away at work  - On on Friday night aswell - what a crock
Slumdog Millionaire Sountrack &gt; the sountrack to YOUR life! minions  Side note: ATLANTA TOMORROW BITCHES....WHAT ITS HITTIN FO?!?!
slumdog millionaire wasnt as good at i thought it would be 
slumdog should've fucken won 
Slush finished for the day.  Now, off to work.  
slushies at Sonic with courtney and pablo .....to bad its not half price happy hour... thomas sorry to hear about the back 
Smackdown is a lot more boring without Maria. 
Smart enough, but not cute or compelling enough to be on millionaire.  just got my rejection notice.
Smart start + 24 = chipped tooth 
smashd mah finger n the car d00r  hurts... all bad
Smashed it in to work along Malvern Rd, until glasses fogged right up and couldn't even see parked cars 
smashed my figure with the door 
Smashing Pumpkins used to play an awesome cover of this when Melissa and James were still around that is  ? http://blip.fm/~74l1f
smelling scooter's stinky farts.  
smelling some good food, from across the street.  Gonna have to break in and steal their food!
Smelly is in his gamer phase and i am fucking irritated! going crazy from staying at home. wish i have a zinger burger in front of mi now 
Smh @ hiphop nursery rhymes 
smh @ my brother calling me to tell me to read Tyrese's twitter about Eminem getting Borat's sack in his face. He dont have a twitter 
Smh @ Nike for quickstrike release...bring on the hypebeast  = dissapointed face lls
SMH @ THE HILLS FINALE!!!!!!!!! IMA MISS L.C.         LOL
Smh @ trey going love man no one called me I would of woken up for his sexy self ugh lol  fool chillin n my boro an I wasn't with him smh 
smh @chanloo (she hates me!!!!!   .............)
Smh at the last bubbletweet. I could only send 3 bubble tweets a day! 
smh at this weather 
smh cant sleep, hungry n head itchin meh 
Smh I have to fine myself $1200 for not reading all my txt messages  Srry Mr.
SMH TWITTER IS PISSIN ME OFFF ITS NOT LETTIN ME PUT MY NEW DEFAULT PIC UP 
Smh... My poor freshly pressed roots  the sun is not my friend right now!
smh...#dontyouhate nOt knOwiing hOw 2 dO dOpe shyt Liike Other niigga`s On the cOmputer 
SMILE SMILE SMILE EVERYONE! dang hella heads are just going thru it 
Smiles is the longest word out of all English words because there's a mile between the 2 S's hahahaha..... I'm dead bored 
Smith/Amherst mini-reunion last night was fun- how i miss the old days 
smmfh . mad at tmobile right now qot ma stoopid web quard up kan`t even add ma twin on twitter 
smoak says: my show has been hacked!!!  - find out more at http://1radio.org
Smoke a cig. Shower. Bed. Work tomorrow 8:30-1. Then my little baby turns 2 on Saturday. He won't be a baby anymore 
Smoke break over. Back to work.   1hr  19mins  35secs to go
smoke detectors didn't go off, but supper was ruined.  still hungry 
Smoke didn't eat the wet food so guess we're still going to vet. 
Smoke is billowing out of the Berlaymont - building is evacuated. Looking for firemen.... there appears to be a lack of them 
Smoked chicken and red wine are a terrible mix  good wine though
sMoKiiN oN CaNCeR n WAiiTiiN fOr CloTHz 2 DRy  oUCh..sMoKe iiN eYe wHiiLe TWiiTiiNg.....wORsT
Smoking then reading a little then going to sleep. In my bed! Going to a party around 12 tomorrow for my sister's conformation. So early. 
Smooth Jazz with Peter White, Philippe Saisse &amp; Michael Paulo  at Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center.  Up 10 floors of parking and 0 found 
Smrk, no more home alone. 
snacked on one too many cucumber slices.  i feel sick  haha
Snacks arent fun anymore 
Snake doesn't like it in the jar... trying to figure out how to get out... but think I might have trapped it's take between jar &amp; wall 
Snap! Heel broke right off getting out of the car. Looks like I'm not going anywhere but home 
snapped my cone 
snapped my deck today 
Snapped my fav guitar pick the other day. Playing just isn't the same anymore 
sneakers didn't eat this morning 
sneezing again n again..God,,help me..!!i really dont like this situation.. 
omg! i miss this!  aw.
OMG! I must be the worst sister ever! 
Omg! i ran out of hairspray 
omg! i stopped readin invisible but i just read the last one and i didnt get it at all but it was gr8!  x
OMG! I think @primaaa fell asleep on me! 
OMG! I think I slept funny last night. My neck is in excruciating(sp?) pain 
OMG! I will die... My terrible headache... 
Omg! Im almost done with the second gossip girl book! 
OMG! I'm only halfway through the day and my back and legs are killing me!! I'm on my break and sooo ready to go home 
Omg! I'm such an idiot. I deleted the recycle bin off my lappy. 
Omg! It's 0750, &amp; Kyra (23mth old daughter/monster) is still asleep ssshhhhh. . . Ps I've got a sore tummy fm last nites curry, not happy 
omg! it's raining sooooooooo much!!!!!!!!! i'm scary, really. 
OMG! Jonas hosting TC 09, i really want to watch it but TC is unavailable in Indonesia 
Omg! Just found my phone under my couch lol no wonder I couldn't hear it lol I had 5 missed calls and lots of texts 
Omg! Just had a life changing thought!! IF only   I'm not one to have regrets but I do have a BIG one. &amp; now i'm sad cuz u cant go back
OMG! Just opened my email... I have to learn the lead to a song by Saturday. Ughh, they're killing me 
omg! lost is soo good! cant wait for next season..too bad its the last 
OMG! my #twit pic and my #bubble tweet wont work, 
OMG! my bf is going to stay in malaysia 4 another month...  sum1 plz comfort me
Omg! my greenhouse just got blown over so now all my plants are ruined 
OMG! My legs are really killing me. Well, back to reality: tests, homeworks, boring things to do. I wanna see McFly again! 
omg! my mom's freakin out! good night!  :S
OMG! My photos on my Camera just got wiped!  
OMG! my throat is now all, like, like numb!!! my mom sprayed some stuff in my mouth. it was green..... 
OMG! outside is soooo fucking HOT!!! like 40 C 
OMG! Poor people on that plane that crashed. Feel sorry for them. 
omg! pray 4 the ppl and their familys on flight 447! 
Omg! Rush hour!!! Urgh. 
OMG! So bored... Why isn't it 5:30 yet? 
OMG! So sleepy.  Was on the computer til 4 &amp; then back up 2 get daughter 2 school @ 7:30.  Was going back 2 sleep but still on computer  
OMG! Swine flu has been confirmed in my city! 
Omg! Swine flu is in my school!! Aahhh! Scariest tannoy ever! People r cryin  Scared!!
omg! terrible headache  what's happening??!!!! awwwww... :-/
omg! the arch was so kool. but going up it is freakin scary!  ... but i got some great pics that i'll post on my facebook. look me up. =0
Omg! The heat!!!! 
OMG! this game is so annoying, but so addicting. 
OMG! This weather is killing me! I hate storms, I'm crying, i'm a baby i need my bestie! 
omg! twitter working again!! w00000000t .. just in time for bed 
Omg! Watching independence day scares me! What if aliens aren't friendly! 
Omg! Why cant i eat. Everything i eat hurts my stomach and it comes right out of me. 
Omg! Why did I THINK I had bought a Rose... But its a Merlot   http://mypict.me/2gfD
omg! wtf did i just do?!? 
OMG! Y are there Fire Engines inside Office campus today??? Lemme guess there must have been fire!!  
OMG!!  I just realized the Magic is up 3-1 in the series!   Damn, I really like Lebron; hope they pull it off.
omg!!  I was walking too close to the edge of the road and bus just drove past and completely soaked me right through....ahhh! 
OMG!! AHHHH!!! NO MILK!!! WTF?!?! I CANNOT FULLY ENJOY THESE COOKIES.  
OMG!! ETSY IS DOWN!! I need to fill some orders! 
omg!! every time  i hear  turn right and before the storm i begin to cry 
omg!! House Season 5 finale was brilliant..one of the best ever season finales..feel sad for him,hope he's alright 
OMG!! How in the hell did the ticket price to New Zealand go from $920 round trip to $1200 in a week!!!! *crying**devastated* 
OMG!! it snowed this morning!!! i thought i was suppose to be summer.... 
OMG!! The 216 passengers included 126 men, 82 women, 7 children and a baby, Air France said. This is so sad..... 
OMG!! The weather is actually nice! England has out done itself! Unfortunately if no english weather this won't last  x
OMG!! There's a moth in my bedroom and it just landed on me :O I don't like moths 
omg!! went swiming earlier and now I'm like badly burnt!!  
OMG!!!  Madonna fell from another horse.  This is crazy. I hope she is alright 
OMG!!! @ the &quot;joe jonas bashes taylor swift&quot; post on oceanup!! poor taylor 
OMG!!! Ally on Comedy Central! Lovely crazy Ally! Yeeehaaaaa... Barry Manilow, hahahaha, love this season... so funny... but still sad... 
OMG!!! Bloody PRINCE2.... Why did I let u talk me into doing this course! You know who you are 
Omg!!! I am soooo tiredd!!   hopefully this shower wakes me up a bit!
Omg!!! I got sunburned like a bitch!! I'm fucking crispy!!  
OMG!!! i hate my laptop it not working properly  I&lt;3MADDHOUSE=]
OMG!!! I NEED TO GO TO BED!!! 
OMG!!! IM FRIKED OUT NOW!! I hate lighting and things like that im home alone just my cat and com n its lighting out  Im going 2 cry!
OMG!!! It's going to be sooooo hot this week!!!! 
OMG!!! It's only the 3rd of June and winter is very definitely here!!  My feet are icicles!  Have to go ugg boot shopping tomorrow... 
omg!!! its so hot! my air sux in my car  my ass is sweating. stupid leather seats. eewwww!!
OMG!!! Last day of school today, im gona miss EVERYONE so much  x
omg!!! me pic is messed up lol 
OMG!!! MY WHOLE BODY IS IN.......PAINNNNNNNNN!!! DANG DAWG!!! I NEED SOME HELP!!! 
omg!!! my wrist is in pain!!! 
OMG!!! OMG!!!I am soooo gettin Bobby's poster..He should sign it  lol
OMG!!! SCOOBY DOO A-COMIN'!!! He's coming to town this weekend, and im already seeing @NKOTB! I'll have to miss ol' Scoob. 
OMG!!! Someone downstairs is eating durian... One week ago I loved the taste and smell... today not so gd... there goes my lunch. 
OMG!!! why are there like 200 people in this jury room when they already had morning jury duty roll too?  this is NOT good 
OMG!!!!  7 day's and counting, this time next week i be bloody 40th!!!!  ARRRRRRRR 
Omg!!!! Bad day court worst place ever and went to downtown pleasonton . And the court gave me 18 hours community service 
omg!!!! i jus killed a squirell......IM GOIN TO HELL!!! i swear i ddnt mean to run over it 
OMG!!!! Im So mad My Phone Is Broken And There Is Nothing I can Do About it Until The Morning  Anyone Who knows Me Knows I cant Live
OMG!!!! Luv Chat!! =/   .... Churchill Fun Fair todayy!! yayy!!! still haven't gotten the emaill!! ughh  !!!
OMG!!!! My Stomack feels so Ropey after eating those Noodles... Eeeuuuwww!! I HATE when i feel like this.. 
OMG!!!!! He didnt even call me  ......we r soooo thru, our friendship is definitely over!! lol
omg!!!!! my head is killing me  make it go away please..grrrr getting ready gotta go to work m uuuhhhgg
OMG!!!!! my phone is blowing up every SINGLE second with twitter updates....my setting ARENT set up for device updates...what is goin on? 
omg, all the cookies are gone!1! *alligator tears of sadness* I only got one this time    My life sucks, i want a refund or a lizard!
omg, crying! this fic is soooooooooo sad 
OMG, cut my right arm off already!? This crap hurts!  But doc in 45 ... so yeah...
omg, did anyone see the wee girl on bgt..!xx sucha shame 
OMG, going to spain next week ... @maarTlovato come home with me... i need you... say goodbye b4 u leave 2morrow 
OMG, high school is offically over I just graduated earlier and now I am so sad 
OMG, i am SOOOO tired  going to the dentist now
Omg, I could never stand at an alter and hug someone for the last time in front of 200 people, my god that's just awful 
omg, i didnt realise sandy life was worse off then mine... 
omg, i don't think i've ever loved being in my car more after a long ass concert. almost got crushed 
omg, i finished my paperwork! the evil stack of 270 pages has been vanquished! caught up for the week. 1140 pages to be totally caught up 
OMG, I had a dream and i wrote a Hot as song it was HOT...i woke up and tried 2write it down But Couldnt remember im sooo pissed! 
omg, i hate my mum. Stupiud slag hardly lest me on the fone grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Omg, i just slept for almost 6 hours. I dont feel good. Theres gotta be something going around..ugh. 
OMG, I just watched the ending of &quot;The Notebook&quot; andoh my gosh I've never seen that b4 but that is SO sad!  But I love that movie now 
OMG, I quit today.  
OMG, I should've worn a hat today!  
Omg, I want to get my hair lightened so bad. 
omg, I was gone all day! I didn't get to tweet 
omg, i would like to be in texas also!  i mean, come on! i've had many chances to see JB, but i NEVER have. what kinda mess is that??
omg, i'm leaving on friday. i kind of don't want to...i'm gonna miss a lot of things 
Omg, im so in the mood to splurge on clothes, heels, a new hp and wallet now. Bad thing is, im only left with 12 bucks now 
omg, im so, so tired! These Codral tablets have made me drowesy 
OMG, I'm the worst doggie mom in the world. Poor jackson has to be boarded. He cried so much.  4 whole days. Breaks my heart!
Omg, it's 7:30AM! I haven't been up this early since college let out. 
Omg, it's early as h-e double hockey sticks and it's Saturday! Wth?? I should really still be sleep!! 
Omg, its so domn boring, I wanna go home, but 2 weeks left 
Omg, just got the intense need to play some drums.  No drumset available.  fffffffuck   
omg, just had durian. bloated. 
omg, longg ass day. gnighty night.. been up fore at least 18 hrs. 
OMG, more than 360 people is the death toll in Italy 
Omg, my arm hurts more than it did yesterday 
OMG, My followers rapidly decreased over night 
OMG, my head is killing me. 
Omg, my legs are freezing  Painted my toes really badly and have revised geog, gonna do some questions now
omg, my legs hurt  high-heels aren't so cool 4 long time   but it was awesome... love them so much :'( ♥♥
omg, my myspace has gone blank... shittttt i have to start all over again 
omg, my right hear is blocked and it's so annoying. what if i wake up deaf?   not gonna lie, i'm so scared
Omg, new dentist appointment today at 3, im shitting it. Hate them. 
omg, no. gonna have to eat by myself all this week... i hate eating by myself 
OMG, realization just hit that finals are really here, and I've barely made an effort 
OMG, so much love from my Tweeps. How will I survive without upon returning back to my netfree apartment this week?!!! 
OMG, so there was a bomb threat at school today, it felt like a half day, but i have to go back to school for graduation though 
Omg, stups spider by my bed  nightnightnight?
omg, telkomsel BIS is down again! again!!!  thinking of changing provider 
Omg, that was so sad  The last fire where Mel and Sophie died was sad too. Man Hollyoaks really gets you in to it
OMG, the gutter is down 
omg, the rain! it had better not do this tomorrow 
Omg, they have wake me up... and I don't want 2, LOL 
OMG, They want to keep my laptop for 10 days, how am I going to live, work, ugh, I havent used that desktop in ages... 
OMG, this day was both the best and the worst day in my life but The End 
omg, today i have a test 
omg, today i woke up at 8:00 with a headache, freezing, and screaming children downstairs...i also couldn't fall back asleep  so mad
OMG, what a day! 2 jobs + class. In lab, we examined 2 cadavers! One female and one male corpse! I think I might have nightmares 
OMG, what a horrid night... I doubt I've slept more than 1 continuous hour.  I really need to get over this Flu.  Everything hurts!  
Omg, what if he's DEAD?! Ugh, I can't be thinking like this. Stop, kiara, stop 
Omg, what's happened to the weather?  Not happy one bit.
OMG, when we left the Vernissage, it was down pouring   I totally got drenched in my dress 
Omg, why does voting day have to be the same day as my final exam 
omg, WWC are we chatting on MSN tonight?! I can't skype since mommy is in the room  #ONTD
OMG,....uRgh..3 weeks to go..... 
omg,another hot day in hawaii  thank goodness i dont have practice!!
OMG,I now know what the #readathon is about,i had NO idea abt this event...i wish i cud have known earlier &amp; participated! 
omg,my back aches like a bitch!this is not good! 
omg.        hannah montana finishes in 2010! like omg nooooo! ends on season 4 
Omg.  have u guiys talked to vic...
omg.  i was straightening my hair and i pinched it on my ear.  it Fucking hurts!  ow!  
OMG.  Why do I wake up at two in the morning?  Not cool 
OMG. A sobering experience would be your friend/ride ditching you for a boy at a party when she has a bf. I would NEVER betray a bf 
OMG. ADAM and BOYFRIEND?  Why Adam? Why?  Oh well..he rocks anyway..
omg. an air france flight (rio-paris) simply disappeared on its way to france. no one knows what happened. 
OMG. Church posts &quot;Gay Exorcism&quot;  video on Youtube. Poor kid.  http://bit.ly/2duba
OMG. David Cookie, hope you're felling fine. 
omg. dc metro accident!! that's my hometown. 
OMG. DUSTIN HOFFMAN ON JROSS TALKING ABOUT SOD BEATING RAFA. WHY IS THIS HAUNTING ME?????    
Omg. Feelin a little down.  might be da ny york weather. It makes me wanna snuggle with someone. O well, its just me &amp; u again teddy! Lol
omg. gotta wake for rotations in 3.5 hrs :/ lack of sleep much?  maybe it's cos i'm not used to not talking to u 
omg. i feel like dead. crazy night yesterday... everything hurts - outch 
omg. i had a gray hair right in the front of my head  i'm turning into my mom!
OMG. I hate missing dr. Oz on Oprah. 
OMG. I hate school so much. So much to do but too little time. Deadline's tomorrow.  Time is my greatest enemy ever.
Omg. I HATE this. 
OMG. I have a pimple coming in on my forehead. I guess its true...no body's perfect 
Omg. I just had my last nutrition break of my senior year. Things. Are moving so fast. 
omg. i just want to scream and get away. she just keeps bothering me ass. what can i do 
Omg. I just woke up. I'm stillllll drunk from when I passed out at 9. And I feel like shitt 
omg. i love you my TLT batchmates. &gt;&lt; // kayo lang talaga kaya kong iyakan.  // thank youuuuu. &gt;&lt;
Omg. I miss Boyzone. I need to see them again.  &lt;3
omg. I pray to God that I'm not getting sick. its always the worst 
omg. i think im twitter addict.noooooo 
omg. I'm being bitten by mosquitoes in my car 
omg. im soo sick of nevada. i miss cali 
Omg. its 2am. i got home @ like 11. how did it get to be 2?! now i will only get 5 hrs of sleep. 
Omg. It's not even 6, yet. 
Omg. it's SO annoying when you get in trouble for having a messy room. like honestly who (other than me) goes in my room? it's not fair 
omg. it's time! it's time! just wish I could be off tomorrow. 
Omg. Just saw an old jonas music vid for american dragon. They were so little. I miss the joehawk 
OMG. KANYE IS MAYBE PLAYING AT T IN THE PARK. OMGOMG. i pure started crying there 
OMG. My blackberry is so shady. For it to just cut off like this. 
omg. my dad just walked in 
omg. My lil bro just fried meeee. He said they should call me VicHairy. 
Omg. my right arm is so sore and hurts soo bad from arm wrestling last nite. 
OMG. my Tito Andrew is DEAD 
omg. smelly campers.  - http://tweet.sg
Omg. So retarded, I thought I had jury duty 2day but they messed up my paper work and I really have the callin kind. And I took off work 
omg. so sad i missed no doubt last night. one of my first favorite bands. 
OMG. Thank you Erik. 
omg. thanks to hannah montana.. i feel better now.. but still 
omg. The commercials alone on ESPN are going to drive me nuts.
OMG. the KKK scene in o brother where art thou TOTALLY freaks me out       i hate it, but it's an eye-opener.
omg. the last dirty sexy money  i'll have to savour every minute.  devastated.
omg. the little girl is gonna get hit 
Omg. The people around me are talking about sushi!!! Craving but I can't because I'm on a no rice diet... 
OMG. There was no one in line...left to get something to drink...now there's a huge line.  going to kill someone. 
OMG. they are killing me slowly... 
Omg. Why do tv shows have to be so sad?! 
Omg.! Three Exams For Me On Monday .! That's Just Child Abuse 
Omg..   This is the worst possible time for me to be this sick..  
OMG.. blair and chuck is almost be together again but the timing is just wrong argh.. soo sad.. 
omg.. had slept again  tomorrow xams... but feeling sleepy 
OMG.. I hate stepping into a shit hole..    
Omg.. I'm such a messy eater.. I got brownie on my shirt 
omg.. nobody is on msn.. i feel so alone  lol
OMG.. panicing !   MATH EXAM TOMOROW.  And guess what ?  i really SUCK at math.. Hope i dont fail  Studying right now anyways. ;)
OMG.. someone help me.. why won't my main picture change   WTF!!??!!
OMG.. Someone help!!! I can't stop sneeeezing  If 1 more person says bless yu I'm gonna screeeeam!!
omg.. the junior school across the road has its alarm going off..! that will be going on all.weekend.! 
Omg.. Woke up looking like poop!!! Had an allergic reaction to night cream 
omg.. wt happened? a helicopter is up above my home for more than 30 mins.. arh.. it's soooo noisy...... 
OMG...  WHAT THE HELL.. INSIDE EDGE..!
omg... &quot;The Reader&quot; is making me 
OMG... All I did was look on that site! I'm not apart of that 1000 followers a day site! Twitter is stupid! 
omg... how on god's green earth does Sam get through to the next round but Justine goes?! 
omg... I just spilled dried peas all over the back seat of my car... I'm like a freakin' kindergartener. 
omg... i'm so sleepy... i hate, when i musst wake up soooo early... 
Omg... I'm sooo ready to go home! 
omg... just missed CNTM!! 
omg... just scheduled to have my wisdom teeth taken out. im scared...  hahahaha
omg... just woke up... and it hurts to move  damn baseball
Omg... Prison break... The final break. The two episodes that only aired in the uk. Wow. Watch them if you haven't. Soo sad. Tear   
OMG.... Robert Pattinson's &quot;abs&quot; are fake 
OMG.............I think chipz deleted hiz account 
OMG.....No Holidays This Year  I Going To Go Nuts!!!!
Omg....i think im still in a food coma from eating in n out 
omg....kelso just sang folsom prison.....so sad. 
OMG....why am I worrying myself to death. i'm sure everything is fine....I HOPE IT IS 
omg...6 songs from LV&amp;TT were leaked on youtube...FULL SONGS.  Why cant people be patient and have respect?
omg...did I just see a tweet from Miss Bonnie??? amazing...my phone died yesterday...and oster has alltel  I miss you
omg...haul tailing out the house, got to my destination   no wallet  
omg...he thinks i dont love him 
Omg...I left my dad's card in the ATM  and I deposited a lot for him...
OMG...I soooo need a massage...I am truly in hurt right now. 
OMG...i thought i knew you but i guess not..wat a fuckin douche lol i'm amazed at how wrong i was ughhh..i gotta stop w/dis trust 
OMG...im sooo sunburnt. . .just had a shower and it was soo unbelievably sore 
omg...it's like f***. i won't see my best friend for 3 weeks...she's near 'Lübeck' -.-..i will write a letter to her..i miss her already 
Omg...i've seriously been sitting all day..  going for a little jog...
Omg...my first tweet in FOREVER! busy with college  I missed this! How are you all?
omg...my foot and big toe are swollen!! I KNEW it!! feels like I have a huge marble stuck between my toes!  effin ticks...
OMG...the last episode of the Hills!! I think I might cry 
OMG..5 days till 1st state exam! 
OMG..David Carradine is DEAD!?!? He was one of my favorites  So sad...I think I'm going to go watch some old Kung Fu tapes...
omg..i got asked out...i dont no what to say?! D;  haha...im not going to text him back! Lol.
omg..i went past 100 updates w/o making a shout-out 
Omg..its pouring raining, perfect day to stay home and watch movies...But I have to go out to rehearsal! 
Omg..just had my 1st motorcycle ride yo..maaaad fun! Lol..driver was a cutie..sry no pics  o yea..am I still sore frm my tatt? Fuuuuk yea!
omg..NEED A BRAIN...EMERGENCY! when I read what I replied 
Omg.I can't get out of bed.I feel like shit 
OMG.I have a panic spiders , hate thah commercial 
Omg.so effing tired 
Omg?  i'm so fucking worried? ? 
omgah i keeeep waking up early &amp; its summer break!  i wish i could sleeep more LMAO
omgah, So bored.. somebody give me a new fun thing to do for now.. I tired tetris.. video games.. and solving rubix cubes faster 
omgee im not goin sch today  &amp; goin for a contemporary dance performance later (: i hope i'll appreciate it .
OMGeee my nephew just urinated on me 
OMGG I CAN'T SEEM TO FIND A RIGHT TIME 
Omgg i have an email of my besty saying i need to call her its urgent...im so scared 
Omgg Me and ash are totally freaking owt here @shaunarawrr_x where is she? she cant go an hour without tweeting its been a hole day  x
OMGG NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! MY SISTERS WATCHING HOME AND AWAY SO I CANT WATCH IT!!! SOMEONE GIVE ME UPDATES!!!! 
omgg so cold and tired   i miss all time low
omgg....i hope vinnie will b okay  VERY worried!!
Omggg  Headache's baaack. Ffs.
Omggg driving on the freeway breaks my heart..dead animals 
omggg feel sad for the guy who fell onto the m1 from a bridge  fingers crossed for a speedy recovery!
Omggg I have the worst headache ever 
Omggg I need to give aidan davis a massive hug right now!! 
omggg people are freaking LOUDDD. wooden floors can be annoying. person upstairs is practically STOMPING around. 
Omggg so tired! I do not wanna get out of bed and get ready for work!  its only 5 in the morning!
Omggg, bus takes forever!!!!!!!!!! I want some water ice/ something to drink *thirsty 
omggg, exams 
omggg, i wanna go see @TraceCyrus (metro station) soo bad on thursday!!! i probably can'ttt  i'm freaking dying here!!!
omgggg cant sleep though im not even hot...so frustratingggg 
omgggg life is so hard right now  i want outttttt ..
omgggg- my head  
OMGGGG MY LAPTOP CORD JUST BROKEE  how will I ever charge it. FKKKK.
Omgggg why did I not realize how hard it would be to pee from a jumpsuit?? 
Omgggg! DO YOU UNDERSTAND I HAD SOOOOOO MUCH FUN W/ MY SHAWNIE &amp; KALEIYAH BABYYYYY!!!!!! I'm so sad its over for today!!!!!! 
omggggg so exited 4 July cant wait youtube is like down cant watch What The Buck yet 
OMGggggg...i've been holding the line for more than 11 minutes now. And am still listening to the &quot;Malaysia...oh Malaysia&quot; MAS song! 
OMGGGGGGGGGGG !!!! i think someone has HACKED into my TWITTER  how so ????? no one has my password...SmH this is insane
Omgitsc00kies you need to sign my yearbook! I never see you! 
omgomgomg . the girl next to me is doin the stanky leg &amp; she really stinksssss  ohhmyyygooosshhh . lol .
OMGOMGOMGOGMOGMGGG THE FOX HAS JUST EATEN PEARDROP IASUHFIYSAFYGASIFGS     
Omgomgomgomgomg. I miss my mommy. 
omgoodness :| the missing Air France plane is scary 
omgosh  SNSD's GENIE MV is STILL not OUT! What is taking SM so long T_T
omgosh i got an email from chris...but no i cant see it coz my internet is fucked  that really upsets me :'( x
Omgosh my ankle is still big and we have gym class tomorrow 
omgosh Team Hawaii I am so jealous of my Oahu peeps ya'll have cocoa puffs @ Liliha bakery n we don't 
omgosh! it rains!! 
omgosh!! im left with a week! hate pangseh-ers!! 
omgosh, did i not twitter once yesterday?!   aw, man.  end of the world.
omgosh, finally finished work. Now I have to study. 
omgosh.... i think never again..... blechh! throwing up while driving is NOT fun... 
Omgosh-3:30 and I am still up!  
Omgsh!! D:  Im a hog.   I agree to never do that ever...
Omgsh!!!  These kittens are adorable!! Haha i cant get enough of them La La, Bella, and Tigger are my favs.  Jellybean got adopted.
omgz integration and the logarithmic function. i've been doing maths all day 
omgz trying to photocopy a 100+ page long piece! X( @ page 51 now... 
Omgzzzz!!! 25 right now!! Yay!! But I miss the beach... 
Omigosh it totally sux that 17 Again and Hannah Movie r coming out in July in belgium UGGHH 
ominous weather....obviously on Frisbee Thursdays 
omj earlier i walked into priceless shoes and paranoid finished playing, such bad timing!!!! 
OMJ I am super tired 
OMj it'S WAy tO EARly iM DEAD tiRED!!!!  it'S 8:15 a.m (WHiCH iS NOt qOOD qEt BEiNq ON 5 HRS Of SlEEP! lONq DAy AHEAD
OMJ Jonas brothers album out today im buying it !!!!!! :L Sore toe :L its swolen and i hurt it at lunch  xxx
OMJ PPP WAS SOOOO GOOD!!! But I couldn't see my dress 
Omj this wheather has been great but will it last .... uh no !!! it never does in this country 
OMJ! I want go to the JB concert in New Orleans! Is the Joe's birthday!!! 
Omj!! I just got attacked by a moth again!  why do they do it every night!  its scary haha!
OMJ... my birthday is in 2 weeks exactally! :/ im not ready!! and that means summers almost over! 
Omly 232 followers? Come on people. What happened to my others. 
Ommg  this is so sad!! Has anyone else watched this?
ommm what a fail at life. 
ommmgg my shoulder is killing me!!! wow it hurts soo much 
Omnomnom    JUST came online to 69 unread emails, as well as my backlog from yesterday  http://tinyurl.com/lxjdjc
OMW HOME! CALLING IT A NIGHT! PICKED UP TRASH TODAY SAW MY MOM AND TOOK BABY TO THE PARK. A BEAUTIFUL SATURDAY.NIW I GO HM TO A EMPTY BED 
omw i hate it when people think i did something i didnt. im really sorry anyway!!! XX sorry 
omw to skool. ap final.  [music blasting. best playlist]
Omw to work phone still broken  should be interesting
Omw to work.  
omy gosh, my face is so shit... skin  ehrrrhh god dislike me i swear... 
Omygosh imso bored right now.. And hungry 
OmYGOSH! W-h-a-t?! My  ipod is dead...ahhh  byebye;(
On 4 hours of sleep and need more but can't! Long work night last night. 
on a balcony in summer air 
On a Blockbuster conference call, yay 
@phpcamp nice design..  further you can experiment the searchbox on the left as well or increase the top searchbox. Logo goes un-noticed 
@phpcodemonkey Ouch! I've not even opened my PAYG SIM, glad not to have to go through the activation hell again! 
@phpcodemonkey was goin 2 move the table into the sun but then realised my laptop charger wont reach that far 
@phpurvis he does both!                       / I'm offfffff to bed, I'll probs sleep till noon  NITExxxx
@phpurvis no, im not likin it much yet 
@phr0ggi Hmph. I like smileys. Low-class, I know 
@phrantic_snr Yeah on Hale St 
@Phreakazoid Very. Still got it, after 4 Nurofen Plus.  How you going? When are you coming to visit? :p
@PhreshlyPhaded noo no blackberry  i have htc touch pro
@phubearr I can agree with that. sigh.. 
@PhuckitzSade yea they are bad too cuz im really little  im scared to see wat its gonna look like when he is actually out  ewww lol
@phuckpolitics, damn right. Isn't today the 1 year anniv. of Carlin's death? 
@PhumeSithole No need to be, by the time I got to work, they'd packed up and were heading home 
@phunybuny ....but do I still win 
@phunybuny @iamtheplague Wow.  I hope he gets better... cancer can GTFO.
@PhuqPhase  sorry to disappoint.
@phusionade HAHA! ok u may take lift but u juz STANBY wahlaodotcom leh  haha
@phwez oh em geee...i was beat...couldn't even make it to prime to watch the game and dine 
@PhxMike YES! He has to learn not to do that. Its so hard to get cats and esp kittens to not claw stuff 
@phyaflyjones not the shopping party 
@phylicia2214 i dont think you did  
@phylicia2214 ur too funni!!!! I would totally cook for you but ur not here 
@phyliciasian hahahaha I get like thy sometimes :p maybe coz u have been working hard :p battery &lt;10%  , just finished UNI tho 
@phyliciasian omg!! that looks really sore! i thought you were exaggerating when you said 'tripped'. aww are you okay? 
@physigory D'aw. I know the feeling. I lost a lot of friends very quickly recently. 
@PHZ_Sicks aw thanks i needed that i can't find my little billie 
@Piablo oo really? i'll check it tomorrow! prolly wont be up tonight i'm guessing 
@piaguanio ah yesterday my cousin is of the contestant in the pussycat dolls dance contest but they lost so sad 
@piaguanio can't find it ms. pia  did you download it? where? 
@piaguanio from my initial search, it appears that David Cook doesn't have a Twitter account 
@piaguanio hey pia! how you goin'? i wish we had filipino channel here, like gma so that i could watch eb! i love eb so much! i miss it! 
@piaguanio what's your knock-knock? LO. hahahahahaha! is Pao there? Oh how I miss you guys 
@piano_vamps I'm sorry we broke you  
@piano89 We had to cut the debit card and get a new card.  Our bank didn't know what was going on, and neither did we. 
@piano89 Yup! They did something with our cell phone. 
@pianoduet lol sadly i have lab now 
@pianofingerz but that waffle looks delicious! 
@pibby I'm jealous! It's 55 and overcast and threatening to rain here. Typical Portland June 
@pibworth Hey Lauren, how are you?! Weather not so great here now. Looks like rain  What's new in Barrie?
@picalili   thats annoyed me! I thought would be a funny surprise for you!  x
@picalili yeh bin fab! joe is officially my #2!! But donnie is deffo my number one after l.nite!! free tickets&amp; passes  hometime now  x
@pichpich poor you.  LOL!!
@Pick_Gaby My friends are TOTALLY picking on Dora!!! *crying*  the beginning song is different than before.  I was sad 
@pickapucka hee yeah. but i still don't know how to be one and sometimes it turns to be a bad thing 
@pickassoreborn thanks, now its going to rain all weekend 
@Pickering About the song I liked too, but I prefer him singing without U2 seems nicer for me.. 
@pickinthebanana grapmen! 
@pickle2589 thats very sad  I had to put 4 new tyres on my Rav4 when I bought it early this year. It has Mags = Fancy tyres = $750 
@picklesticks6 youll do great, I spent all night revising and I'm doing revision now but at the moment I think I'll be lucky to get a C 
@pickmeupshanan lol.. i would if i stil had my external hard drive with it on it..  im watching season 6 of family matters on youtube!HA!
@pickmynostERIL Yes, they look less like Mom&amp;Dad and more like celebrities. 
@pickoo you mean tweetdeck? doesn't have te fb bit on the iPhone 
@pico just feel bad for them  even I've talked to them sometimes. I dont like their tweets. Howww? :O
@pico sounds really heavy 
@pico39 OMG! we are too silly in this hotel! last night was fun tho. i misses you already! 
@picperfic Aww I am sorry, that is really mean  Hugs for you both.
@PicSeshu my name isn't on the list 
@PictureAtlantic wish I couldve been there but Lydia was playing 
@piduth yeyea, I wish you luck. Pi, I'm so sleepy to read europe. Haaaaahhh 
@Piece_O_Ponton pretty much!!  Was told verizon is best service to have up here 
@Piece_o_Reese How many days until I see you!?!? 
@piemonte Crap...I leave San Francisco Thursdsay morning. 
@PiercedPanda_x Know how you feel, am stuck in doing work and all I want to do is go for a drive and enjoy the sun 
@PiercedPoppet wtf!?  Is that the one from December's trip to GC?  That makes me sad   Did you find out what actually went wrong with it?
@piercethemind I hate when Twitter does this. 
@piercethemind yeah you are getting a bit of a rash. your skin is rough 
@Piercing_thesky aww poor edgar 
@Piercing_thesky lmao. i can't. but i want. 
@piercingwhore @dannii2eyes  I missed my weekend Sushi ladies today!   Where haave you been my entire lifffeee?  x
@piercingwhore i know mrs but i only just got your messege i went out with the mother for a bit and forgot thee old phone gutted 
@pieriSAYS rofl I think I failed that shit too, it was hard and I blame it all on moloney 
@pierre_nel i'm enjoying it lots - missed the first episode though   can't wait to get myself a sewing machine
@pierreantonio shoot urself. Ur not following me  shame on u
@pierredevillier Just tired and working with disorganised people grates my carrot. Sorry bout the angry tweets 
@PierreLucBenoit Yes. Looks like I'll be here for awhile yet  We should get together next time you have free time!
@pierski I'm not in the glasses boat (yet?), so I can't follow that awesome creed. Bummer. 
@pieshopgirl it's BW?! Those jackasses! 
@pietrofelix good luck enduring the tiring journey! 
@pietrosavo do u have something that tells how to concentrate on my studies??? 
@pievdb does she likez? Didn't had a smsje already 
@Piewacket1 Hope you have a wonderful day Pie. *HUG* Hope you are well and your weather is better than ours.  x
@Piewacket1 someday I will live over there with you all and life will be perfect. I have no 30 support here in Maine  just me
@Piewacket1 yep, now just to find everyone else and then wait til august. 
@piggystink that's just sad.  
@piginthepoke enjoy food, pint &amp; feet up! sorry to hear about the 4th 
@piginthepoke errr, when I said nope, i meant don't turn them off from your twitter feed 
@piginthepoke Hope your back gets better soon - so know how that feels 
@piginthepoke must've given you 3 props since midnight ! it won't let  me 
@piginthepoke oh why are you feeling like that? 
@piginthepoke that is a real bummer - i think quite a few people might be effected as I had the quiz from some others 
@piglettoes hahah yea she said she is coming to school someday cause its summer holidays for her. damn it  hate you.
@pigmailyen look at satellite and check out weather in southern wisconsin right now! i'm pretty much screwed. 
@pigmon Yeah, he could, but my copy of that episode doesn't have the credits. Sorry. 
@pigsonthewing now I really am in the wrong building! all I have is a small bag o nik-naks!   #saturdayworkfail
@piind when are you coming home? 
@piinkDeluxe i misssssssssss you @ area 
@pijuya Sorry to hear that 
@pikabomb it was a big deal 
@pikajew it's not my turn to watch him. Sorry 
@Pikarah Me cachis 
@pikestaff I feel the same way, but I got the 4 Horseman XBow and it's better than the Nessingwary 4k. 
@pikipeter I want a JELLO shot! 
@pikku_kyon  I know that building. Don't know any good cafes though.  http://twitpic.com/7p0iq
@pikovaiadama Poor Boo Ratley! I missed her awesome elephant ears and now I shall not get to see them again 
@PikturePurfekt I feel yu* I can't wait for o.c. I need a vacay sooo badly...drama here is soo outta control 
@PileOfSaulaGoo That makes three of us....  Ur talking British? LOL
@pilgrimfamilyuk im good, now im home!, had to go to ilford again today  sat nav said 10mins 4 miles, 1:30 later it said 5mis 2 miles, lol
@pilgrimfamilyuk OOO YUK !! thats not good Im retching as we tweet 
@pilgrimfamilyuk Ouch, tinitus.  Not good.  Poor you.  
@pilgrimfamilyuk Wowser!  How cool is that? Sadly, I 'm teaching tomorrow...  
@piliwili aaw pili I am so sorry.  Magwito will be missed.  please call me asap. id call your house but I don't wanna wake anyone...
@pillbox0 you suck 
@pillpushera next 100 days? Why 100 days? 
@pilmorelee you beggar! Making me feel homesick 
@pim2005 I know! No more Georgia  nooooo. we have a video of her talking about it here www.groupthing.org
@pim2005 lol I've never completed any 
@pim2005 Seriously, not working is overrated - especially when you're self employed and you know it leads to no money! 
@pimo it would be a fly-by-night trip.  Departing on Sunday for Pontianak. Sigh, don't ask..
@pimparella I tried the same but the only thing I see is 2 kids jumping in their little crap pool.. they look happy. 
@pimparella one more week to wait for an answer 
@PimpMyDiet thanks am trying not too.  strange thy since I have been trying to behave my weight has gotten worse.
@pimptress7 So am I  have you tried myspace?
@pimpyouriphone they didnt offer me it   i had the 5% or free sms between 7-8pm or summit else but it wasnt very gd
@pims training  i need to run errandssss
@pinche_eric how come i wasnt invited 
@PinchedPink And I used to think free hand sanitizer was one of the perks at work. 
@PinchMySalt oh lucky you! you have strawberry season now  i miss strawberries!
@pinchycrab It's fixed, but it looks like the link they gave me doesn't go directly to me 
@pineapple_ak Sigh. I don't think my messages are getting through to you. If you read this message me. I miss you 
@Pineapple18 its on silent!!  so annoying haha
@pineapplebun no, i had to relock it to use the newer firmware 
@pineappleee ...for eating a potato? Why do you have so many it's confusing me 
@Pinger How can I move my &quot;permanent Textfree address&quot; from one device to another? I just got new iPhone and I can't use my name  
@Pinger It would have been so nice if you had sent the TextFree for life message to TextFree lite users instead of just Twitter followers 
@pinget Yeah, I would imagine that wouldn't be a pleasant experience at that age.  Poor little guy 
@pingpongpanda @the_lfk seriously! I only had 1 jug of long island, 1 vodka &amp; I glass of champagne last night &amp; I was pretty drunk!! 
@pinguisavis Lol that's true, except there's no mobile version of flash for the map.  http://myloc.me/2Rfd
@pinguprue Its weird coz I can receive the text but not the image. And I can send no problems 
@Pink  love the commercial!!! Loved your show in Budapest (Hungary)!!!! See you soon in Vienna - in december... God, it's not so soon 
@Pink  the intercontinental isn't as flash as it used to be  go the park hyatt by harbour!
@Pink a lot has gone down hill... 
@Pink Are you going to be doing any more Melbourne shows, i wasnt able to get tickets to the shows you have out  and would loveee to come
@Pink can u bring some heat here. my split system broke 
@Pink come to brazil! 
@Pink gonna miss your october show in belfast  never been so ragen as i am right now 
@Pink hi any chance of some tickets 4 my 30th bday October for bham i went in April   but got back to car got parking ticket   boooo
@Pink I agree am going soon to get wisdom teeth out  not looking forward to it at all
@Pink I hate paparazzi. I waited hours to meet u at pier when u were at T Turner concert and cos Paps were ther, u got rushed into car! 
@Pink I just missed out on ur tickets! 
@Pink lol, is the box set of your albums out there? it's been released in theUK... missed your belfast concert because i broke my leg... 
@Pink No pictures?  LOL
@Pink that made me so hungry ...mmmm ..sucks that I have to order cuz I cant cook. 
@Pink wanna be in sydney 
@Pink WE WANA BE THERE  surely u miss us! lol! we are soo poor working our lil bums off now til oct -it going to be looong!! luv n hugs xx
@Pink why wasnt i riding a bicycle to bondi with pink today  im in Sydney too
@Pink Will u be adding any Cardiff dates to ur UK tour?  xx
@Pink You are a lucky girl to be over there! My next gig with you is so long. 
@Pink you were so good to see last night.... i want to see you again at the Wollongong show but i cant find tickets  but you were awesome!
@Pink, hey! i tried EVERYTHING to get  to your concerts but the hospital im in wouldn't let me . im so motherfucking upset 
@Pink,Pink, i no you dont reply but i went to youe concert it was amazing, but you didnt pick my frog up, someone kicked it away  shatterd
@pink_azalea that's exactly how i feel!!  i love jacob &amp; enjoy bella getting hurt   i'm actually to the part where she's using him 
@Pink_Moccasin That's not lame. I wish I still had my 2600 
@pink_soprano What's up cupcake? 
@pink_tee are all gone!!! in less than ten minutes its ridiculous!!! i am so sad! it was Free! and i cant afford their world tour tix 
@pink82 I have never in my life eaten that many doughnuts in a year wtf. No wonder people are having heart attacks lol 
@pink82 i understand, i watch OUC after church here...dont really get &quot;fed&quot; 
@PinkAzn it made me feel cool. 
@PiNKBARBiEE lmaooo dat was madd hours ago 
@PinkBatgirl I get the impression that they need to say that a lot, so it's burned into their brains. Shame they are so mechanical though 
@PinkBerryGirl Aniya666 yours wasn't there 
@PinkBerryGirl I always hav internet issues!!! I got a replacement bold n still hav the same internet issues. BBM is slo 
@PinkBerryGirl No its not mine, someone posted new designs on twitter. Cant remember who 
@PinkBerryGirl sorry so late woman!  I have no plans really set in stone. How's bout you? How was your saturday?
@pinkbunny69 haha i was sunning myself too yday!!today we have family bbq tho so i cant  hows your girls? xx
@pinkbunny69 yeah i've been voting... why isn't he winning?! 
@PINKcollection 
@pinkCookiz i keep losing you 
@Pinkdust1993 AWWW!!! I wish we had a Krispy Kreme up here!! 
@PinkElephant73 I don't like honey, too sweet and sticky 
@pinkelephantpun   Yo!  Where's that new site you promised... I've been looking forward to it. 
@pinkelephantpun No, a hotel with no beds is weird 
@pinkerinollu hey thanks! I didnt win anything though 
@PinkerJewel Heidi!!!!!! What am I gonna do with you?!  You know better.
@pinkestluv ohhhhhh surround sound make any movie worth watchin  I'm jealous http://myloc.me/2c8C
@pinkeyedmonster season finale ep 25. im at 12. 
@pinkfan1 I wish! But unfortunately I can not.  Will be in NZ
@PinkFluffGirl I know me too! 
@pinkghostFL you're probably right 
@pinkginghamom but part of me is miffed that I arranged my schedule specifically for Scouts, and then nobody shows...! not cool 
@pinkhazebfly yeah she was but was a repeat, 
@PinkHeels Oh no! No fresh hazelnuts?! Total bummer. Hmmm....You could try it with pecans perhaps? I know, not the same. 
@pinkhotel absolutely not! please don't make me go alone  
@pinkiecharm oh no! sorry to hear about your vacay delay 
@pinkieheartz *I hate my connection* Sorry, lol. It's storming and my connection sux. I'm actually homeschooled and my year is longer. 
@PinkIsSoPretty5 I love Coldstone...you should have said something..now I'm sad 
@pinkjody pooooor thing!  At least you're healthyy! 
@PinkJoey i dunno but it sucks 
@pinkkpaiige12  What's going on? 
@pinklarstars I never realized how many things I love eating after 3 have carbs 
@PinkLightning_  :O Does georgia like sarah? When sarah ses hi ,,,,she will say hi and then give her evils  Not  a nice bunny 
@PinkLightning_  Did you see that thing on Stellas head today ?? She had a big juicy spot +O( Such a skank 
@PinkLightning_  I read that we got it next year then that is it http://bit.ly/WJVyw
@PinkLightning_  We should go to her house and shoot here  She lives on my street 
@Pinklilycat Bacon sandwich with cream though? Ugh 
@pinklou81 No cos our school's crap! Last year I had to stay till all exams were over, now I'm in year 12 they don't think we need it 
@pinklynisha I live in Canada, so that answer would be no 
@PinkM Paka akitoka, lazima atarudi... so the joy of mapanya is short-lived 
@pinkmafia4life - Nickleback should die. Nuff said.  No Rockstar Hotel this year?  
@pinkmeringue Meh, June isn't starting off so happily... I really am sad I missed last night, but I was feeling horrible. 
@Pinkmoosely did the weather hold off for you ? I just got the buggy out the garage, then straight back in as the heavens opened 
@PinkOliveFamily Jealous! Long-standing love affair with Boston. Shame the city is in mourning following recent sports events 
@PinkPanniez Naw  .....southfield! Like 9 and greenfield
@pinkpebs oh dear  I guess you don't really know someone until you live with them.
@pinkphoenix1985 Aw, thanks bb. I'm glad to be back. I missed you guys! *clings* Sorry to hear you're dealing with family stuff. 
@pinkpopcorn best bb everrr. Except my trackball is acting up   but still... Best bb everrrr lol
@pinkpprheart: I know, but we are in a rush and have no access to showers or sinks or nothin'. 
@pinkpusycat11 girl, you're funny...the event is tonight but your off the hook because I went out last night and ended up with injuries. 
Sneezing every 15sec. My allergies are on full force today. Not a very happy Ephie at the moment &amp; I don’t have my allergy Meds. no bueno 
sneezing frequently 
sneezing is horrible.. my blanket has just become my new tissue box 
sneezing is never a good sign 
Sneezing like crazy. 
Sneezing up storm      If I Wouk if went out lastnite Wouk be sleeping til noon and woke up feeling like a lioness!!
Sneezy, snuffly, red puffy eyes, ACHOO! Not fun 
Snickers is being put down tomorrow 
Sniff sniff what's that smell? The old mare got sprayed by a skunk. 
Sniff, splutter, cough. Unwell, and all I want to do is just want to update my website 
Sniff.  Still at the mercy of the evil scourge despite medication and squirts.  Another trip to the doctor is in order 
Sniffle. I wish Eba was here to sing Wicked songs with me.  Because we'd so kill What Is This Feeling. Rub it in its face &amp; kick its ass.
snitter does not work properly and i don't know why 
SNL sucked tonight.    Oh well....   Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there!
snot snot snot - hayfever being a swine with no tablets to help 
Snow covered mountains ... Picture does not do them justice they always look smaller in pictures   http://twitpic.com/3ltvr
Snow in April is really depressing. 
Snow in June.. Ugh, Calgary and its bipolar weather 
snow on may 31st - welcome to northern ontario... working all day 
Snow really reallly sucks and today keeps getting worse 
Snow? Seriously?! 
Snowed last night. Now my tomatoes are dormant and my potatoes likely dead.   
snowing again 
Snowing out  if it starts stacking up I'll be mad!
Snow-rain mix... -4°C... No, please no! Where did my summer go?  #yyc #fail
snt ~t sad hw a place jst isnt the same after shit goes dwn sad 
Snuck into a bar! That was hella scary! Damn i wish i was 21 already 
On a different note : Forza Azzurri !! give me something to be happy about in football 
On a food binge 
on a heroicly epic fail H UP 
On a huge the new cities withdrawal. I miss them. 
On a long long line at kfest 
on a management training course all day 
On a mission for a better job.. 
On a mission wit ruben in wisconsin! And my tummy hurts! 
On a packed bus; the bloke in front of me is chatting on the phone &amp; has really bad halitosis. I feel so sick that I may just throw up 
On a restricted Twitter-diet. Waiting for internet connection at home.. Withdrawal symptoms big big big time 
On a scale of 1-5, 5 being Best, I rate my level of accomplishment today at roughly -2 
On a search for tires! 1st stop was shitty!! 
On a second side note, the Sox are absolutely dying out at Fenway 
on a serious note don't know where my boyfriend is or if we are even still together...  i haven't heard from him since last friday!!!! 
On a side note, it seems like my boat has drifted away from my side. Wow I'm really lovin the people in my life right now. 
on a somber note, this will be the first LA Lakers championship celebration without Chick Hearn. 
On a stress! not looking forward to today at all!! 
On a stupid course, wanna go home 
On a time out... 
On a train form Glasgow to Burnley . . . 
On a train going home.  Josh and I have only spent 5 waking minutes together in the past two days.  That Royally sucks. 
on a train sat next to a pretty girl (who has a boyfriend  )
on a train when i should still be in bed 
on a train, mechanic let me down 
On a training course in central London... Weather looks marvellous - through the windows 
On a tweeting spree because Im bored 
on a way to a weddin in leicster  and the weather is SHITT  
On a yogurt adventure with beth...this sucks 
On Amtrak on the way back to Newark and PA 
On another note tho..ever had sum1 call u..WAKE U UP OUTTA YA SLEEP...only 2 talk 2 u for 2 fuckin minutes? SMFH...Never again 
On another note, I could REALLY go for a curry, but I'll probably have to wait a couple of days 
on bed... i am sick  ahhhhhhhhhhhhh
On behalf of all us who aren't completely ok with abortion, I am so sorry! What a horrific thing to do because you're &quot;pro-life&quot; 
On Bergenline Ave. for the Cuban Day Parade...starting to drizzle...I hope it stops 
On bochy's spend my time with my time cause I'm gonna miss her, exactly I never want to move 
on break eatin kiwi and cookies.want to kill my co worker! hes so slow 
On break, and wishing I had some of my homemade cornbread 
on break. five hours to go. 
On break; I can see the cloud of dust where the last bit of the Aud roof just came down... 1 wall left 
On brown line rain. A 2 year old girl has a broken right arm &amp; a broken left leg. Both limbs in full casts.  It's so sad. 
On bus Its time for school 
On bus to college  first day at work tonight :Z
on bus voing to skool 
On call weeks SUCK! He got called into work at 7:30pm didn't get home til midnight had to get up at 5:30am &amp; do it all over again... 
on call!wag sana ko tawagan,im not in the mood mag work! 
On campus for the last time  Picking up my cap and gown...
on cell service yet  but i get wifi...
On Cueing it from Aarons laptop. mine's been dead for a month or so... 
On cup to the Big Audition and we have a traffic jam  Lucky I booked the bus 2.5 hours early ;-)
On d KLM to Pahang! Weee..! Super sleepy tho..  - http://tweet.sg
on da phone wit haja. mad cuz my aunt wont let me go no where. so now i gotta sit up in da house hot and bored...WTF 
On da way to CTW to get that top !poor me 
on dad's computer. missing my own internet.  phooy.
On Day 5 of self-rehabilitation; can not listen to michael for a month 
On days like this I regret selling my soft-top Golf  http://twitpic.com/68w6p
On duty in the students union with only 3 punters. There are more of us here than members of the public 
on e verge of giving up. Urgh urgh urgh hates to study 
On facebook; Lol have no friends on this  &lt;3 Want Some Though Hahaha...
Only time I get a pee break - when my excel crashes and I'm waiting for the recovery files 
Only took me like 5 mins to get ready for school this morning. But now I have to go to school in 10 mins! 
Only TOTH I could do would be how many times I've tended to DS4 &amp; held a bucket for him. A dry-heaving 4yo is just pitiful. 
Only two carriages for the 7:30 from Cardiff this morning. I do not fancy the chances of anyone trying to get on at Severn Tunnel Juction 
only two days left... 
Only two exams left now...back to college full time monday though 
Only two hours of sleep  and I'm in math  not my morning today
only two lanes open on the freeway..so slow..wish i was home 
Only two more days left with baby... I want to treasure them! Please don't be gone too long, little puff! 
Only two more days of school. Substate boys soccer 2morrow. No more band. 
Only two more days to get through to get to the weekend. Have no clue if I'll make it 
only two more episodes of entourage left on demand 
Only two more levels of TR:Underworld to go plus the Lara's Shadow DLC, think I'll miss it a bit once I'm done  It's pretty good
only vegan in the house sometimes 
Only wack thing is getting a new license 
Only waiting ... Don´t want to go to school, but I have to 
only want one pic 2 post and cant get it 2 post 
Only way this will work is if u love me when it hurts 
Only works out in even numbers 
Onmy way home.. have nothing to do tonight...  I have no car either... Im gettingmyfreind Gav to start Twittering tonight! Yay x
Ontario forever is so messy 
ONTD started the whole #gokeyisadouche I love Gokey but why does he have to be homophobic?! i never took him for a guy like that. 
Onto Monday and the party's starting to break up - many will be back at work tomorrow 
Onto poa now. Gah, i need sweets 
Onward to Hershey Lodge for the PSATS conference- if I can find it 
Oo em jong I misssssss @xandraaaa and @cindyherra soooooo muuuucccchhhh  http://myloc.me/3VAw
oo im going to miss all the cute kids next year  at least ill be back sometimes..
oo my ears and throat hurt!!!! i hate that I cry when I don't feel good 
Oo my gOd we losee T.T why thee wOrld hate us !! 
Oo nooo her parents want her to put it up for adoption 
Oo, You have to love ND weather.... NOT. 
oo:12 in here- finelly going to sleep- night night to you all. big day tomorow- Gal is leaving us... 
OOC Trying to learn howto play Sweet Child O Mine on an acoustic guitar. Not working out well so far. 
OOC:  I need to go.  
OOC:  I need to go.  I will try to BBL.  
OOC: I hate it when sunburns itch!!! i'm all blistered up and itchy 
OOC: I need to go.  
OOC: I'll have to leave in about 10 minutes to pick my daughter up from school.  @Jean_Pierce Good morning, Jean.
OOC: Where is everyone? 
Ooch, just looked at my back account, its sure have taken a beaten this month  also fathers day sunday.. Hmmm what I can I make for him???
Oof, my stomach is killing me.  It hurts from the pit of my stomach to the small of my back. Something's wrong...
Ooh - my cilantro and parsley finally sprouted - too bad I dropped the pot with my oregano in it and had to start over 
Ooh another lovely day in the Chapel of Love.. Unfortunately i'll be on the motorway for most of it!! 
snugged up in my bed. I'm freezing 
Snuggled on the couch watching one tree hill. I feel like poo 
snuggled up and getting ready for bed...long day ahead of me tmrw 
Snuggles is sick.  It looks like she has a cold, but we have to take her to the vet ASAP. Going tomorrow. Don't know how we'll pay though.
Snuggling with his hoodie does not suffice for having @shampoocell here in bed with me.  I miss my better half. bad.
so  rumour has it , zzzz happs @ nite, so why's it so bloody elusive thn   
So ! I'm brave.... Nooo I'm not ! I DON'T want to do my homework 
So #DeathSponge enjoyed its company paid vacation too much. 
So @Abbycameron made me a #ModelMayhem but all the homos wanna take my picture 
So @britneyspears still hasn't followed me back. I feel so unloved. Oh, to be one of the lucky 374,000... 
So @ditty1013 is trying to get my writing jumpstarted again. It's been more than a few weeks since I've done this. Feels like it, too. 
so @heyuwiththehair spent the weekend on the east coast getting tan on flight decks &amp; beaches &amp; i am jealous &amp; i miss her 
So @HillFig09 's party was epic. I brought a pineapple  got home right at curfew this time. For some reason Hulu won't finish Fringe 
So @kellyyymarieee is a jerk and locked me in the car 
So @peteyorn posted dates!  http://www.peteyorn.com/tour/mobile/   Atl and bna. Otherwise scant on the south  we'll make it work.
Ooh dang no wayyy its 12 
Ooh hayfever has struck..thought I was going to avoid it this year but nooo!  Remedies anyone...?
ooh i don't want to go back to work tomorrow...  i've been having fun getting things done around here and just hanging out.
Ooh lol we're watching it too. And kas isnt with me anymore..  Hehe
ooh lovely, a ridiculous amount of revision left to do 
Ooh my godness. Listening to the old Onyx albums and getting sad about HipHop 2day 
ooh noo my broddur from another mother leaves to paris today, ill miss u my wittle diepset 
Ooh nooo. Not the greatest weather to be walking in the mountains   need to find something else to do.
Ooh the cramps killll 
Ooh, almost forgot about my naughty dream about Lindsay Lohan last night. It was both sweet and sad, I was totally a rebound chick. 
ooh, i didn't went to school today.. i'm sick 
Ooh, it's June! May was worst Adsense month in many years. Like $300 versus $3000+ a month last year. I might have to WORK soon! 
Ooh, just discovered live BBC iPlayer. I genuinely didn't know I could do that. Now back to the depressing business of the BNP 
Ooh, Les Claypool coming to Town Ballroom 7/18! I'll be there, too bad I'm going to miss the Black Crowes the next night 
ooh, Nicole Kidman has turned into a robot! 
Ooh, pause on the war we got VIP's coming. Now how real is that 
OOh, Tosh is having nightmares. Poor Tosh  Bloody Gray, he's not even around anymore and he's still causing trouble. #TorchwoodRP
ooh. So I'm not over you? Okays 
Ooh... tomorrow Kradam are on whatever-it's-called-radio w/Seacrest... XDDD Ugh... that means I have to wake up to hear it.... 
Oohh noooo, scheduled maintenance for xbox live all day 
oohh not feeling good today....very sick 
oohhhh......mondays! How I hate waking up to you! 
oohhhhhh june 5 coming (  really scared NOW!!!
OOKKAAAY. im stressed out. 
oomggggggggggggggg..today ill watch the last episodes of how i met your mother season 4   and theeeeeen.. wait
oommmgggg my headache won't go away, how am i supose to practice guitar if i can't even go get it 
So @zerbetron is off to #wizardworld till sunday, now what to I do without her antics 
So 3.5 hours of sleep then work for 3 hours, come home to get ready for asb meeting, go to meeting, eat, back to work till 10pm. Hard day 
So a few days ago there were these Asian Christian folk on the news talking about how Brokeback Mountain is evil and bad for families and should be boycotted...
So a normal 8 minute drive took 35 MINUTES because I275 N was a parking lot.  That was no fun 
So a very unproductive day on my end!! 
So about how demi is playing in philly tonight and I won't be there 
So according to weather.com it's supposed to rain for the rest of the month. Fantastic. 
So after last night i have more respect for moms. dude my son kept waking me up. both kids sick . 
So after talking to some other cat owners at knit night, I've decided I need a companion for Min. She's definitely lonely. 
so ahhhhhh still didn't do assignment... darn 
So all in all it's going to cost over £2k complete. Cheaper to get a bloody flight home and do it myself. They're 'aving a laugh 
so all I've done today is eat and sleep. I just can't get my legs to move. at all. It's kind of sad.  waahh
So all my teams lost. 
So am I the only person that feels like steve-o was really hurting? This is crazy. I'm in such amazement right now 
So andrew changed his number. Im going to cry.  wtf
So angry I missed Mr.Gellers funeral.  I'm gonna visit his grave when I get back though, but I still wish I coulda been there.
So annoyed and frustrated...i just want a big cuddle off him 
So annoyed because someone gave my last pieces of good cheese to the dog! 
So annoyed I have to wait til SUNDAY to get the iPhone OS  3.0 update as I have no computer with me 
So annoyed right now. Can't sleep, can't get comfy and I have to be up very early. I welcome suggestions, but please don't say warm milk 
ooo Dr Who is on in HD...... ok ok I'm officially a sad techy geek 
ooo I'm proper shivering! I might be ill 
ooo oooo bentar lagi bakal pisah with my homies  i love and will miss ya'll
Ooo tomorrows MegaMillions is at 130 million.... If god was real he'd give me the winning numbers ..loool dead ass tho  i need them #s
OOO TY TWITTER!!! I now have a red x 
ooo weather not looking too good now .. wah happened to our lovely sunshine !!! 
Ooo! Fixed sink. Tried to paint table and ran out of paint. Store was closed  And then um... did other stuff..
ooo, just put atreyu on, i still can't go there 
Ooo, work was long and tough today 
ooochy ouchy! Horrid bright pink cast off the leg to reveal horrid bright purple painful leg. Oncrutches for another few weeks yet 
ooof, im going to bed cos its 2  and i probably wont get up till forever tomorrow D:
Oooh @DaddyD...  ION, on the way to #TDCag.
oooh back pain 
oooh curious to know what you had been talking about last night while i was watching the mtv ma, but i have no time to read it now 
oooh David Carradine is dead!!i'm so sad! 
Oooh I can't relax. Too worried about what friend is going through in hospital 
Oooh I just got new songs! Too bad my iPod is brokenish. 
oooh i wanna be in demi's new music video 
oooh im hungry, ever since mum and geoff moved in with eachother we always have tea really late 
Oooh i'm so happy! But I can't use it as a phone til the 28th  bummer
Oooh I'm so hungry... need food for dinner... 
oooh just remembered that i have tech studies first up.. there goes my day down the drain.... FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
oooh no i lost a follower...again !  Bad followers &gt;&lt;
Oooh no! I haven't been on twitter in ages. Sorry.   to the few that follow. Miss @izziemizery and the bf as have spent night away ill
oooh no! I'm getting fatter during this short holiday 
Oooh noo... I shouldn't have gotten drunk last night head hurts and stories beyond stories I'm sure 
oooh nooo Anthony probably killed Zeva's guy and now she is going to hate him forever 
Oooh tequila, you get me every time. I foresee major dehydration in my future if I opt to go to the beach like planned 
Oooh that's damn early dude... Hissing down here... 
oooh there's a magic the gathering game on xbox live. Anyone have a spare 700 points they don't want? I've only got 100 
Oooh this sore throat is sooo annoying =.= :l 
So annoyed that America have The Sims 3 already 
So annoyed when our own application in production need several minutes to open some pages. 
So annoyed, and not feeling well...smh 
So anxious about the Condo. I'm so hoping we don't lose it.   
So aparently my Out of Sight album sampler cd only has the video on it 
So appaerntly if you use the microwave and the toaster oven at the same time at my house, you blow a fuse ?!!  My leftovers are luke warm 
So apparently @aadisht really is going to be away for most of the time I'm home. Not happy about this. 
so apparently dave and busters, no Italian anymore 
so apparently i downloaded the 64-bit version of windows 7 instead of 32-bit. what a waste of time, bandwidth, and a DVD 
So apparently I need a new tire. Ugh 
so apparently MMS isn't available until late summer  read the fine print: http://i44.tinypic.com/zvq8h3.png SOOOO stupid
So apparently taking a 6 week italian course was a really bad idea i hope this stupid class doesn't make my GPA drop a whole lot 
So apparently you can't vacuume and watch tv in my house at the same time without the power giving out. So sad 
So as a succesful land surveyor (10 years), both field and office, I have spent more time unemployed than employed in the last 6 months. 
so as if being sick wasnt enough im getting the side effects of the medicine im taking 
so ashes to ashes, I can't believe they did that and I can't believe they are going to make me wait a year to find out what happened. 
so AT&amp;T changed their upgrade policy...but I still think I'm left in the dark 
So AT&amp;T cnt kp up wit all the tweets I rcv via txt msg so I hv 2 tk a break!  I am so UPSET! wut am I gonna do bout keepn up wit my peeps?
So b0red 
So basically I'm abt to lose a bet....  these damn Cavs betta get it together. I'm startn to lose hope.
so basically we didnt get in (( whats the point of giving tickets out !? and like less than half get in  grrr...
so basically...im in love with my x...and im talking to someone new...hes really nice and i dont know wat to do 
On Fri &amp; Sat, I have 4 events: 1 in Del Mar, 1 in Hollywood, and 2 in Rancho Bernardo. Those are the only June events I've got right now. 
On hearing the song Happy ending -Avril i feel really sad 
On her way to petsmart on warner and alma school for the last time 
On her way to work 
On her way to work slightly hungover 
On his break. Can't wait till he's off @ 11...but opening tomorrow at 930 
On hold with unemployment, hoping to get call completed before I need to get daughter from school! Not looking good 
On I4, its lightening &amp; dark,, looks like its gna storm  scurry lol
On ipod so bored 
On July 8th you will almost quite be shouting in Michael's concert and i'll be all alone at the bottom of my bed... 
On Kim's couch. Bed time, but Cade doesn't think so. I think I'm getting sick 
On Leave but..loads of work related shuff to catch up on   Such a nice day too.
On lunch and I don't have any food  what am I gonna do 
on lunch break... bk in class in about 20 minutes :@ 
On lunch til 3:30...then 4 hours left  sigh...so ready to go
On lunch! Horrible wet day out 
Oooh, bummer! Just realised I missed my 300th update  Ahhh well... night
Oooh, it's cold up here. Now that Origin is over, I might go back downstairs. Before trying to get sleep before my early shift tomorrow. 
Oooh. Ranat updated her blog for the first time in about a MONTH. Melikes. List of interesting other blogs. Except they're semi-lame?  Sad
oooh...mtv movie awards tomoz  cant wait but really cant watch as i need 2 revise. 
Oooh~ House in 1080p  AWW IT'S A NEWER EPISODE 
ooohdear, im going to miss them ^ alll 
ooohh its really windy today 
ooohhh kkkk...nevermind the pants..I'll just wear wut i got 
ooohhh.. still at work.. a few more minutes and I'm going home... no nephew today 
Ooohhhhhhh Rob Pattinson got hit by taxi in NY 
on mellow mood 
on more hour... but i think im getting sick 
on msn and doin homework 
On my  way back to cola 
On my 20 min break. I've never been so tired in my life! 
On my break and I don't wanna go back 
On my break at work. Don't want to be here. Want to play with Ralph 
On my break at work. The day is going too slow 
On my break.... Jings im so bored!! 
on my break...I don't wanna go back 
on my break...its almost voer  today is boring..
On my desk is a jar of pencils. One of the pencils is an xacto knife. That was the one my 2 yr old used to draw on my new MacBook Pro 
on my dinner break having weight watchers soup when what i really want is a cheese burger 
On my father's bus.... Driving to temecula.... On a sunday..... My day of rest 
on my flight to la. i hate leaving my boo 
On my left; Dave Mayer mixing a new promo cd...On my left; a speeding ticket staring at me  (thnx a lot MC Choral ;))
on my lunch brk @ 9am yuk. off @ noon thirty then 2nd job @ 4:30. wish i was brave enough 2 do what i really want 2 
on my lunch eating ths bomb ass salad I made earlier .. im full &amp; im not even half way through it 
On my lunch! I neeeeed to get my oil changed asap! But I work 6 days this week!  and have noo kinda time for any extra activities!
On my new laptop. :-D I cut my finger. Ouch. 
On my own for the night1 
On my own today. Coursework I think 
Oookay 3 ppl have un-followed me in the past 10 hours.  grrr i'm not that terrifying...am i?
Oookayy... I just saw a HORRIFYING picture... I'm shshshaking. 
oooo '24' is sooooo good!!! too bad this season ended like a typical 90s movie... abruptly with no closure 
oooo big storm...also looks like our drainpipes need clearing...glad I'm not working outside tonight...oh yeah, I am 
Oooo btw i thought the first episode of this series of ugly betty was pretty rubbish tbh lol.....not funnnnn 
Oooo I do not feel well at all 
oooo ppl.....you gotta factor in the suncream.....lol, i didnt - and now it burns....so bad right now  x
oooo the next few days is gonna be funn, 4 day with no internet,  im gonnna die, hah, well anyways. i found my old camera that will en ...
oooo work.. i feel like thats were im spending my summer haa.. goodness summerskool next week  bllahhhh.
Oooo! I'd seriously want one of those right about now! I opened my windows it smells like cat poo and I don't have a cat. 
oooo, lost my mp4, cor go home wid out itt 
Oooo.. Looks like we are in for a treat... MORE RAIN TODAY!!! 
Oooo....upload unsuccessful?!?! not fair... i waited so long for you!! proshow, you are NOT my friend 
Oooof toooooo work 
ooooh awakeness   THank you Adam.  I looove 4:41am
ooooh i feel so ill and its not a hangover  not goood when you have assessments tomorrow 
ooooh i will delete my twitter site , that was the biggest mistake ever , i don´t know how i can delete this it 
So basiclly he inspired me to cook. Cause he loves the stuff i whip up though nobody else does 
so because of this i'm having a hard time properly conveying to him to please get out of my faceeeee!  this is annoying.
So behind on e-mail. 
So Bioshock 2 is going to be released sometime early nov adn my collector's edition is still at home collecting dust, and uncompleted 
So bloody bored and wish it would get sunnier so I could go out 
So bloody tired from 3 basketball games all in one day and AT Victoria.....I need sleep 
so boared 
So booooored  I learned this though! ????????
So Bootcamp just totally kicked my ass ... Damn I'm way outta shape!! ...And I tweaked my ankle 
So borderline for all my grades...  I almost cried in History when I couldn't figure out a problem LOL.
so bored   I'm jealous of you @compl3xone.  You get to be with him allllllllllll night.
so bored  :0( 
so bored  Gonna go to the Carnival and get an all day pass tomorrow. Excited for that, but very bored today.
So bored  talk to me.
So bored  waiting for class to start. Sigh midterms next week &gt;_&lt;
so bored  wanna go back to cardiff.
So bored  what to do ?
So bored  Who wants to do something?
so bored !! 
so bored , have nothing to do 
so bored 2nite. was meant to go out. but looking 14 isn't cool. and no lift. haha. 
So Bored All Of A Sudden. 
so bored at da gf crib on da net while she sleep 
SO bored at the HUT. No one is here to entertain me 
So bored at work 
So bored at work that I actually tried to play taptap but it just made me motion sick 
So bored at work! Someone burn the mall down  or send a shitload of people to buy stuff at fye and entertain me!
So bored at work!!! Someone come visit me!! Tryin to go to the dominican for my cousins wedding but its not lookin to good  short notice
so bored had plans but they dont exist anymore  excited fer soccer games 2moro and then dress shoppin with ppl mayb drive in
so bored in class and its only the first day  somebody save me! lol
So bored in my bed watching a movie coughing up my lungs practically 
So bored in spanish class  someone hatch a play to bust me outa here!
so bored right now...just watched E news and i saw that they have a cruise with the twilight stars..but its only in America! 
so bored she is raiding the fridge 
On my own, moms gone untill tuesday. I have to get up on my own, keep the house clean, and make my own meals. Lifes rough. 
On my third day working at the aquarium, my fish died.  RIP Dart.
On my usual websites. I feel like such a lame. Wat happened 2 me? 
on my Very Important to-do list today: hunt down a stuffed tiger for S. I will have to miss her opening performance as Shere Khan. 
On my way 2 Jersey...visitin my stepmomz &amp;&amp; the rest of the fam...I jus wish Daddy was here  !!!!
On my way 2 ovh 2put babycat to sleep 4 Lori  booooo
On my way 2 school 
On my way 2 skool 2 take last 2 finals SOMEBODY PRAY 4 ME 
On my way 2 South Jersey after I get out of this long a$$ first of the month line at the post office 
On my way 2 walmart 2 get LVTT...yea i dont own a copy yet...so sad 
On my way back 2 my new living space... So sore and tired from moving.. Missin ps already! 
On my way back 2 skool 4 finalz and then out for the summer.......on the other hand I'm feeling kinda of neglected by the one 
On my way back from an awesome ass asian party with hilarious guys and numerous beautiful girls but i think the girls were all taken 
On my way back from Colchester. Fucked my maths exam. So pissed off. 
on my way back from kings lynn after a long day...very tired  but can't wait to catch up on gossip girl
On my way back from the airport  I need sleep!! I'm exhausted.
on my way back from the cape. wish we coulda stayed longerrr 
On my way back from the Maryland ^^ apparently parentals didn't want to sleepover 
On my way back from WEGAS.. Stuck in traffic on the 15 then off to the airport to come back to NJ 
On my way back from zachs bday! He's 3! Not a baby no more  going to wash clothes LOL!
OOOOH I wish I had Donkey Kong for my wii!!! 
Ooooh Kasabian's new stuff is awesome!  Tom needs to cut his back to how it used to be though 
Ooooh looks like the sun is coming out again! New bird feeding station still unvisted though 
Ooooh my 100th update anniversary :&gt; Oh it's already over 
oooohh. i've got a slight headache... pending snuffles... 
ooooo i need a new phone  mine keeps turnin off tho it has got half of waterloo beach in
Oooooh I could murder a coffee but its just far to late here in Little Britain so I mustn't  Are you a coffee or tea drinker?
Oooooh I feel sorry for Sree on BB  he seems quite a sweetie.
oooooh no! my boys are leaving today. missing them already  #brazillovesmcfly
Oooooh noooo the suns out 
Oooooh this one's bad. Fatality I think 
oooooh!  this guy is so amazing, he's so cute, and he sent me a photo!  and no...i can't show 
oooooh. sooper seekrit drama at werk.  At last, I'm in the loop...but it's not what you think.  Tension headache refuses to die 
Oooook...guess I'll go to sleep. I have a 6AM appointment w/tha treadmill. No smiley faces tonight...    Goodnight my sweetz xoxoxo
oooookay my mom said no -.-' anyways i have to learn physiks  i haaaate iit!!!
oooooo i really wanna be out in the sun  that shed is soooo hot &amp; iv never known someone to drink so much coffee - 4 in an hour :O
oooooooooh god. rupert grint, make a twitter  pleeeease, for me *-*
oooooooooh my my neck is aching now 
Ooooooooooh in 25 hours I can finally buy stuff again! Nothing interesting though 
ooooooooooooooow my tummy hirts 
Oooooooops. Overslept.  but this just means i DONT HAVE TO WAIT AS LONG!!!! WOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ooooooops phones bout to die  , putting on charger noww
Ooooooouutch!  I just bit by a masqueto on my hand..
Oooooow I think I may have broke my ribs  so sore! I really hate the staff at the carling their a bunch of bastardos xx
ooooops. missed a button on my blouse.. a very important button i might add...   #embarassing.
oooouch! my throat is SO sore 
oooow  4 throat ulcers.. never felt pain like it.. i'd rather get covered in more ink
oooowwie! cookies are hurty! 
Oooowwwie. My tummy hurts. So does my head 
oooowwwwWWW!!! my poor little legs hurt so much 
Ooops didn't make my swim this morning! Never mind! Ordering my new laptop now... Don't want to spend all that money, but needs must....! 
Ooops done* not on lol (eyebrows). Threading hurts so bad but waxing makes me break out   bumps vs. pain... I'll take pain lol
Ooops should have been 
ooops the brownies got burned  might get something from the shops !
Ooops, Taycob is so off my radar that I forgot him  @veronikablack  you forgot Taylor, he doesn't have profile here. 
Ooopsies!! I just realized that I never check my updates mentioning me and I look like a B**** for not responding...sorry ya'll! 
Ooopss! Friendfeed down  http://yfrog.com/11vsmj
Ooopsss.... Bellick was gone 
Ooouuucch! Darn! I cut myself again... 
oooweee cramp 
Oop false alarm, cant do it anymore 
Oops - forgot to leave work so have to get the next train back will be home late tonight 
oops  I meant Monday 6/22...
Oops !  Tests goin' on.. 
so bored today 
so bored tonight 
So bored without trueblood marathon 
so bored! I is housebound for the weekend  x
So bored! I'm car-less in the big, bad city  Wish me and our LA fans could all have a party in my hotel room right now.
so bored!! there's no one to talk to!! 
so bored!!!! 
so bored, Cam is playing crap games  
so bored, i have a headache. 
so bored, you know, summer isnt as fun as its made out to be. 
so bored. and scared that I'm not getting all the tweets I should. 
So bored. I can't actually keep all this information in my head!!!!! 
So bored. No one is texting me 
so bored. nothing to do 
So bored. Playing cards with myself while I wait to go swimming 
SO bored. should be studying but dont want to LOL. HELP!!!!!!!!!! 
so bored... doing business 
so bored.... 
So bored.... couldn't go to a-kon... 
so bored....nothing to do.  can't leave without seeing my idols and can't leave without my dreams coming true. ( soooooooo.... sad!
so bored...there's nothing to do in this town 
So bored..need friends 
so boredd  my camera sucks. i need a new one. any suggestions on good cameras? (under $200?)
so boreddddd without my phone 
so boreeddd 
So boreeeed!  x
So boyfriend #1 came 2 the house 4 a split second, soon as he left bf #2 popped up 5 min later. Wow I wish they couldv'e met each other 
So bright outside! I want my skim board, but I don't have time to go to the beach  going swimming tomorrow with my speedo, can't wait!
So broke hate not having money 
So broken now 
So bummed  got called in to work cause i forgot some shit.
So bummed about the hills finale 
So bummed i cant make it to the laker parade today 
So bummed i can't watch the award show and i could too on the internet live but my flash is broke  i could cry
So Bummed I Missed The Nora Roberts Movies On Lifetime, Last Month!  ? http://blip.fm/~5ehom
so bummed i misssed @trueblood tonite's season premiere. maybe 2morrow 
So bummed I'm not gonna be able to go to Pensive tonight.  
so bummed right now. i spent all day convinced SYTYCD was on tonite and i just realized that it comes on tomorrow-only bc House is on now 
so bummed that im missing the movie awards  stupid satellite company.
oops boundry  #PakCricket
Oops clearly not got the hang of twitterfox  broadcasting personal msgs to the world!
Oops first snag of the trip. Axel broke on the trailer...  not cool. Stuck in Texas waiting for a mechanic to roll through.
oops got distracted by my sushi &amp; mission impossible and missed my eBay item  Sushi is just THAT good!
OOPS I DID IT AGAIN!!!!!!  i missed a call from my mother !!!!!!!    she is somewhere in lhasa (travelling)...... 
Oops I have a homeworks to do! Lazy 
oops i meant 3 weeks, not 2. bummerrrrrrr  x
oops i ment camping trip LOL but school calls  got to get my education
oops i messed up on last tag. oh well.  good night tweeples. i hafta get to work super early tom   my 1st trial prep -- scarrriesssss.
oops look like i overspend dis month  no surprise though
oops microsoft conference at E3 in 3hours and abit  will be sleeping...
Oops SAT's is trending  It's understandable. There will be no SAT the next 3 months 
Oops that last face was supposed to be   &lt;3 Liiinda
Oops- This pre-release version of windows 7 will expire in 12 day's 
oops! 2 days ago I deleted some downloaded samples. Now I need. I really should top my 2+ GB download but I do not want to 
oops! flooded my bathroom a bit. stupid shower 
Oops! I changed the &quot;Title&quot; content type ;) and not finding a way to revert it back 
OOPS! I seem to be busy spilling water over my keyboard this morning  Clearly more caffeine needed...
Oops! I was in the business class. My seat's still long  way to go 
oops! Thank you! @snackiepoo @CFitz - incidentally, there is no @DishChickCarolyn on twitter. It's too many letters for a name on twitter 
So bummed the hill are over  but it's all good I'll just buy the season 
SO bummed! math exam didn't go well at al 
So bummed, Fabian just called me and I missed his call. He arrived safe...I miss him 
So bummed, SHAQ got traded 
So bummed. Just tried buying the new JB album on iTunes and it won't let me 
so bummed. supposed to call Ryan this morn to wake him up and I missed my alarm. I really wanted to talk to him before he left town 
SO burnt from the beach yesterday   Helping my mom set up then going home, back to sleep and to take care of these 3rd degree burns!
So busy I don't even have the time to tweet...   
So busy lately.  How do you other entrepreneurs do it?  I spend my life on the phone and emails it seems 
So busy. Have 4 websites to build and I want them all to be completed this month. Three of them are way overdue 
so busy/stressed/tired.  Night twitterworld. I'll leave you with: control yourself, take only what you need from it.
So buzy today I hardly had time to pee   But now I'm off for two whole days YaY!!!
So Cal Dachshund Rescue found a home for my foster pup, Max. I'm soooooo sad to see him leave 
so cant be botherd tonite 
so carlie came over and she fell asleep on me 
So choked. Ashley Wallbridges' 'Faces' isn't out until later this month; really wanted to break it tonight @ HomeClub in Singapore.  &lt;/3
so cleaned house today and i feel like a maid  thats all i do!!  im sleepy.
So close, and yet so far 
so close.... yet so far..............;) thibba firefox ekath weda karan nae ne dan 
so close...and yet...so far  http://tinyurl.com/cqej7p
So cold and wet outside 
so cold here! it's raining very hard and i can't go out to buy some snacks. i really want some chips 
So cold in here, im sick. Where the hell is utaaaaaaaaa 
So cold today... Bring back the summer 
so cold!  I dont like it. @ginabreezie and I are off on an adventure now!
SO COLD!!!! 
so cold,,got up at 7:30 this morning,dont know why but couldnt get back to sleep lol  x
oops, didnt earn any points last night, my woman asked for cookie dough, and i forgot  sorry babes
Oops, Dish recharge has expired., Sunday is gonna be boring.... 
oops, forgot to buy tickets in advance, the arts centre only has 1 left, guess we are doing something else today 
oops, having some problemsrunning flex sdk, something wrong with jvm 
Oops, his part is over. Sorry 
Oops, I did it again! I'm so ashamed of myself. 
oops, i forgot about my noodles in the microwave... so now they're all soggy and gross 
oops, i meant the 95.. even scarier to be walking down with a baby! poor guy, i was gonna give him a ride too!  
Oops, i meant to say I think i have to get shots today 
Oops, I think I just indirectly call my friend's girlfriend fat. I am so dead but I didn't mean it  Really.
Oops, IE misses the mark in text-indent for input elements 
Oops, sorry about that - playing with a scanner and the cursor was in the wrong window 
oops. *Tomorrow* is silver surfers day. My cognitive capabilities are declining 
Oops. Apparently I missed three days of Dailybooth.   also, I'm playing Blockles. http://tinyurl.com/klmu96
Oops. Bit of carrot cake I just scarfed probably won't help. 
Oops. I accidentally ate my #bananashoes... 
oops. I did it wrong 
Oops. My avatar's gone completely green! Looks like it doesn't work with animated GIFs... 
Oops. Nadal is officially out of Wimbledon. Okay lang, although I really wanted another Rog-Rafa epic match. 
Oops. This stop was not calculated. Still in Tennesse 
oops..! I missed a message from Scribus team.... 
Oops... I showed up at 8 for a 730 PT appt. My bad 
oops... meant to have a 30 min nap, but it turned into 2 hrs... still not feeling great tho... 
oops.... I thought I was at the command line in foxpro.. been a long day... lead developer gave notice.. I liked this one 
Oops...typeo in that last one... 
OOUCHHHH I just pinched my own nipple by accident trying to fix my top 
Oouuch I jus walked on a piece of glass  I hate that
oouuuch! i burned myself  it hurts
oow my tooth  http://dailybooth.com/xemmiemainx/482280
oow, kmon, ... i ... just want a break up... sorry...  i kant take this anymore
so comcast isnt working  kill me already.
So confused 
so confused about all this phone nonsense. probably not getting it until monday 
so confused about everything 
So confused! 
so confused, .  
so confusedd 
so cool outside, too soon for planting 
So cooldd 
So couple of people who i dated have moved on� so why can�t I�  http://tumblr.com/xsp1pgz3s
so creeped out 
So currently people said they're gonna listen live tomorrow  @colossalblue? @BedlamB you should give it a go
So CVS didnt didnt have cake mix, whipped cream, or rocky road ice cream....not my favorite place 
so damn bored 
So damn bored. 
So damn tired but can't fall asleep 
so damn tired didn't getany sleep last night, now it's catching up to me 
So damn tired. i just want to go home and sleeeeeep. 
so darn sleepy but i have to finish 2 reports before hitting my bed. regret booking my bike pract for tmr. lack of sleep tmr is for sure. 
So Darrell Hammond is finally leaving SNL...your multitude of impersonations will be missed 
so dehydrated. super market needs to open back up 
SO DEPRESSED  Got my phone stolen, 120 dollars, and my pink nanny ipod--someone just shoot me and take me out of my misery
so depressed about no internet.  spent 50 euros at pimkie today.
So depressed the del potro lost 
So depressed today. Went to church last night &amp; it helped a little. My heart just hurts 
So depressed. It seems my computer isn't strong enough to play @TheSims3  Going to cry now in my cheese grits.
So depressed. Taught writing class tonight. Fell totally flat. No class interaction, tripped over my tongue. Never experienced that B4 
So depressing... the rain is relentless  
So deprived of internet and friends since the renos started  one more week to go!
so difficult to explain...such a daamn silly situation  don't know what i have to think about it..
so disappointed about lost last night.....poor juliet  (and jacob whoever you were...)
So disappointed that there's a leak somewhere in the workings of our pool and we can't use it yet   So ready to swim!!!
So dissapointed 
On my way back home now 
on my way back homee 
on my way back to ny...aw man do i hafta? 
on my way back to nyc today 
on my way back to the wayne &amp; reality 
On my way home  no more mom. This sucks.
On my way home ... Train one of three 
On my way home but im gona miss my mami 
On my way home but stuck in traffic    i wanna go home 
on my way home frm the beach. then hittting up the club tonight. i miss you jeremy &amp; edgardo 
On my way home from camp so I can go to prom/graduation...gunna miss it  best two nights everrrr
On my way home from foleyyy. im hungwy 
on my way home from KY....boo! 
On my way home from my visit w/ my fav cousin and katie 
oowwww !  @LoraEnfield I pulled one a few weeks ago &amp; still not better 
Oowwwwwww! Carpet burn! Watching Bones and making tuna helper.. Can barely move my knee for the time being. 
Opal Fruits  sigh.... (Damn you starburst)
Open bar doesn't start til 8. 
Open Day postponed until further notice... BUT school is still on as usual this Saturday 
open issues in the design are getting wider 
Open-air service cancelled because of rain, awwh 
Opened a bottle of wine and it had turned sour....  Boo Boo!
opened her eyes checked her phone and OMFG it was 1PM! 
Opened my eyes and guess what? Gordon is still there 
opened the last box of kleenax in the house.  can't... breathe..  so... stuffy... 
Opening a partially frozen beer= Beer on the toaster, under the oven and all over the counter. The kitchen smells like we run a speakeasy 
Opening acts suckk tonight 
Opening day for Boating Season - once again, rain is in the forecast 
Opening day for Little League baseball and it is raining cats and dogs.......   
opening new tabs in IE8 is so painfully slow, even when opening a blank tab. arrrggghhhhh 
opening night for r &amp; j, but I'm home early and have to work tomorrow 
opening twitter.com after a loooong time 
OpenOffice fails... to open the biggest, scariest Excel spreadsheet I've ever seen. Oh well, rebooting into Windows 
OpenSolaris 2009.06 doesn't support BCM4312 WiFi chipset or Huawei 3G dongle on my Lenovo S10e. So close. Oh well, sticking with Ubuntu. 
opera always makes me cry 
Opera as usual are a good few years ahead of the pack.  I love the concept, if only it was open source and could work on any browser! 
Opera unite - no delicious buttons   bye bye opera
opera unite dont acept my username, he says it is invalid, i cant use my old account  #unite
Opera Unite is a great idea, but even sharing simple notes is not implemented correctly 
Opera Unite is WICKED!! Love it! Hate the fact that I'm now switching back and forth between Chrome and Opera now. 
Operasi-tak-nak-Kopi for the week! Quite impossible since Ill be getting trained this week. 
Operation Clean Room has commenced! Oh and laundry time too 
Operation clean room should have started at 730...oh well. It will start at 9. remember no Csi for Court today- i may die... 
Operation on my hand I think  http://myloc.me/5dpd
Op'ing tonight, 930 to 1am 
opportunist.tricky.manipulative.fake.temptation...sentimental tacky trap! 
oprah,please say the tabloids are so wrong about you dying!! 
Oprah's doing makeovers on her show. I wanna make over. 
Ops I forgot to tweet 26 length at the pool yesterday...650m....loads of room for improvement 
Ops last one to be ready  on my way to @paigefawcett69
Ops, I've let this slide.    Currently learning Above The Clouds by Paul Weller. Last thing I learned by him was English Rose 15 years ago
ops~ developer release only. 
opted NOT to write and draw instead only to discover there isn't anything worth drawing at the moment. Stupid Phipps Plaza customers 
Opticians was fine...shame the rest of the day seems to be heading downhill at a rapid rate of knots 
Optimus dies in Revenge of the Fallen??!?!?!?!  [reading the adaptation] #transformers
Options are: 1) give up on Jordan's game tonight; 2) vow to never twitter again because this is so freakin' irritating.  #1 = more likely 
optus network down for anyone else? can't send texts 
Optus website is down. I'll have to buy my new iPhone 3G S 32GB on Friday morning.  
or a grey street guitar - 
On my way home from Tennessee 
On my way home from the gym. Fucking rain 
On my way home from the oc. Had a good night but can't wait to be in my bed. Couple hours of sleep and then work again 
On my way home from work, just to work from home  case may go to the jury tomorrow
on my way home getting ready for an extremely long day. keep your fingers cross the phone doesn't die on me. 
On my way home in Pond's car. Rush hour traffic 
On my way home in the sunshine with a bag full of my stuff from work... 
on my way home now in d lrt headin taman melati. wish i could roam around but i cantttt 
On my way home now, suffered one injury helping pack up the marquee 
On my way home now, walking as battery flat on car this morning 
On my way home to a mountain of laundry and no xbox  Boring night.
On my way home to Huntsville. I have a doctor's appt for every day of the week almost next week. Pretty sure I'm falling apart 
On my way home to study for finals wooo? 
on my way home today  x happy fathers day dad !! , anyone what kinda tops are in ? !! x
on my way home w/ my shoe split open  wish me luck!!
on my way home! I miss my family 
On my way home, 20 past 3 in the morn in Dubai airport and got another 4 to wait. Great! 
On my way home, coffeeless 
On my way home, giving twin atlantic a miss. couldnt even get into the courtyard they were in. Thats twice ive missed them now! 
On my way home, have to work tomorrow, sad 
On my way home. 2nd time at heathrow in two weeks. Goodbyes only, no adventures 
On my way home. Dont feel well one bit  @tommcfly my internet was down too. Snap! x
on my way home. i hate homework, it ruins a perfectly good night 
On my way home. Will be a short weekend. 
On my way home.. Justt dropped Sherry off. 
Or does anybody have a polo I can borrow!?  mine has coffee on it hehe ..
or I will not be going to church on account of ride not feeling well 
OR I'll have a water 
or is it eskimo? haha  i fail
Or maybe it's the other way around. Europeans showing me how to party 
Or maybe just... Alone. 
or maybe not 
or maybe they do.. just that i dont know where. 
or merrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr even, mrrrrrrr sounds more like I'm purring. mind you merrrrrrrr isn't acurate either.  urgh.[
or my parents liked demi then it wouldn't matter  they r just plain weird! and not in a good way like me haha ;)
Or my phone for auto correcting 
or not then :/ oh well 
or not. 
or not. playing partner canceled.  Off for a run instead.
or they just picked the#squarespace winner like 40 mins ago 
or they were just speaking to my friend loudly right next to me. not even a 'hi' for me 
Or wipe my tears 
Or, I could even fix HTML/CSS borks and make sure that their website is always up to date and lookin' nice!  I just want a job.
Or, I use my super power of blushing!!!!! Which I still don't have 
Oracle buying Sun for $7.4 billion..not a happy day 
Oracle buys Sun Microsystems in $7.4bn deal   http://tinyurl.com/cgawad
oracle buys sun/java  but this is fun: top ten reasons java developers fear oracle buyout: http://is.gd/tzuU
Oracle now owns MySQL? 
Orange and Mango juice is lushhh !! I want to go out tonight, but i can't  boohoo.
Orange juice is gone and I am sad 
Orbit gum is terrible for trying to make bubbles.     Missed yesterday  I actually had a picture for... http://tinyurl.com/kwsyzh
Orcon connection at home all screwed. 10 reconneations today. 88 last sat 
Ordered a 3GS online, now I have to wait for it to arrive 
Ordered a Dualit hand mixer if i odered it a few days ago talal could have brought it for me 
Ordered advent children on blu @ amazon, still not here yet 
Ordered Draco Tavern (mostestest favoritest) and Ringworld. Unfortunately, it's going to take 14-21 days, since these books are imported 
Ordered my iphone via Apples website... two working days for delivery 
Ordered pizza from local Italian, was genuinely inedible 
Ordered pizza from Villages Pizza. An hour and a half ago. Average delivery time is 50 minutes. It's not here yet. 
ordered pizza. but kinda lost my appetite after opening the box. 
Ordered some maternity clothes online, which came today. I got something strange I didn't order, not in my size. And stuff is missing. 
Ordered the Iphone 3G S Black  Yay! Probably have to wait 6 weeks now 
Ordered: 3xStarBars, Tesci substitution: a bag of Revels 
Ordering out from Pepper's... &amp; then some major studying.  I was supposed to see The Hangover tonight, but I've got SATs early tomorrow 
Organisational FAIL - Scout bag packing was next week! Duh. Well that was an hour well spent  Hope #ignitesydney is going well 
Organizing my computer, my dad left already 
Orientation almost over and I'm a little sad. 
orientation was such a bore. Now I have to work...  ho hum.
Orientation was surprisingly helpful. The nerves are all gone now gotta refocus into a college mindset. No more laidback high school  ...
Origin alone at home with no beer! Wrong I tells ya!  C'mon Blues!!!
ORK - EI710. Not for work, for a change. Looking fwd to a weeks break. However, have some work to do for my first day back 
orking in the graden doesn't work, not even in the shadow... can't see anything on my screen 
Orlando  Courtney Lee  Pants 
Orphy's walk: leisurely zig-zag to shady spots. Ringo rushed out to greet us;otherwise only saw poor Toby, still tethered out in the heat 
orson has stopped eating and is going to the nice vet tomorrow morning.  hard decision time 
Ortho then back to work 
ortho. @beluga12 we were supposed to do stripper aerobics together 
Orthodontist  I keep thinking today's Friday. Today is going to suckk
OS 3.0 delayed, it looks like it's now June 18th - oh dear  http://bit.ly/UwMnn
on my way home... Traffic+rain=nightmare. I wish monday is over. it's all rant for me today 
On my way home..... Its late n I gotta get up on 5hrs.... MazTrizte  !!!!!!!!
On my way home...back to the real world 
On my way home-goodbye Squaw Valley 
On my way in to the office...raining 
on my way out the door to finish putting veggie plants in my garden,after it was demolished by birds/rabbits last wk 
On my way out to the bus for summer school.  
on my way to #openspacecode but running late 
On my way to @ericxenxy's with soup for he is my lil sick baby  siiike life litteraly
On my way to airport. Gonna miss my boo  pretty sure I packed my house tho.
On my way to Albuquerque. 
On my way to annandale to supervise my girls and their &quot;boyfriends&quot;... ::sigh:: their 15! 
On my way to bed and I'm missing the company of my daughter. 
On my way to big bear  http://twitpic.com/7h5in
On my way to bradenton, FL for a video production. Long trip. 
On my way to Burkeville, VA 2 c my nah-nah... so i will b losing signal n a few... 
On my way to california!  Im not sure if i'll get signial there.  it might be a 3G deadezone!
On my way to camillia's house! She's sick 
On my way to Chicago finally; Connecting through London now and will be home for 5 measely days and then back out again...  
On my way to church hill to chill with family until the repast. 
OS 3.0 installed on my iPod Touch losea wifi connection every time on startup. Also weaker signal and WiFinder does not work anymore 
OS 3.0 is running gr8 but I have to re-install all my apps again 
OS X table is read only in MySQL... #help!!! 
OS3 download didn't work 
Oscar is getting used to having his new brother at home. BIG changes  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6440768
OSN...WHY MUST CITY BUSES STINK SO BAD? good grief 
Ot action!! I missed alot of the game  For my brother Joel and my good buddy Jason I gotta say GO PENS GO!
OT tonight! 
Otay  Calvin&lt;3
otay twitloves i must go  &amp; i probly wont be back on til later tomorrow D: im gonna miss so much  *long sighh* have a good saturday!&lt;3
other job starts tommorow, guess its back to &quot;Reasonable&quot; bed times 
Other models are making me feel short. Imagine... 
Other nice Picture. Hola is cleaning our windows. Few minutes later there was heavy rain   http://twitpic.com/84o56
Other sad part is atheists aren't saying hateful things or threatening President, persons who say they're christian are. Christ is sad 
Other than the fact that it's TOO DAMN HOT, nothing exciting to say/report. 
otherwise i have to delete it and remake some of it with a new song 
Otra ves Cablevision sin internet 
Otw 2 dunno wher w fam all.hah.was asleep afta t-cing @nhazey.tmr no ph 4 poLy studs 
otw home from cibubur junction, what a day, going to miss adit 
On my way to church. Yipeee 
on my way to church...had fun last night but im too tired .sh0outs outs to the home team![i def burned a hole in da sidepanel of my car] 
On my way to church...it hurts to talk 
on my way to class thinkin bout dis test ugh!! 
On my way to class... I SOOOO dont wanna go...  
On my way to college now  don't wannaaa 
On my way to college! Have lots of work to do 
On my way to court,  wish me luck. 
on my way to danar hadi boutique. desperately need to find the kebaya 
On my way to Delhi but already have the belly 
On my way to Disneyland! Might be the last time I get to see the 50th anniversary fireworks before they go away.  
on my way to downtown  too many things to do today..grrr
on my way to eat w/ the gooines for the last time! 
on my way to element i fell and messed up my leg 
On my way to find clinic to cut the bullet. Ew, pain pain. 
on my way to funeral services. 
On my way to get some MUCH needed coffee for my long night of homework I realized my hubby has my debit card.  #FAIL
on my way to get surgery...joyy. im hungry 
On my way to hell 
On my way to home.. So tired! 
On my way to ILEIA sounding board meeting for Farming Matters (web2.0) project. http://farmingmatters.pbwiki.com seems offline right now. 
oucchie arnt i done growing!!!  growing paiins!! anyways tryin to go back tahh bed....
ouch  
Ouch  I feel for you girl.
ouch  my back hurts from sitting so long. thesis refuses to do itself. sigh. this is gonna be a long night.
OUCH - Very sun burnt, topping it up was a silly idea can't believe it was mine  I look liek a lobster - ouch!
OUCH ! i just banged my elbow  x
ouch burnt my finger with my chi 
ouch burnt myselfff 
Ouch dropped the phone on my toe!! 
ouch headache  misses her boy very much   ♥ David
Ouch hurt myself... 
ouch I burnt my lip last week eating something too hot and now its really swollen and in pain which is  now hurting my whole face 
Ouch Indian Inflation going into -ve territory ..Not a good sign   http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8106534.stm
Ouch- just tried to follow someone and it says they had blocked me by request of user. And I don't even sell anything. I'm upset. 
ouch my eye 
OUCH MY EYES.  Bloody hayfever 
OUCH my foot 
ouch my head! do I really need to go to work now? 
Ouch my head. Ouch my heart 
Ouch my knee is so sore bad times, hope its better 4 work dont fancy being on my feet allday doin an 8 hour shift with a sore knee 
ouch my nosie hurts. 
Ouch my rabbit jst bit me 
Ouch my sunburn is starting to get sore to touch now.. its all over except from my cheeks lmao..gony be sore to wear cloths  and sleep :O
Ouch my teeth hurt...Wisdom teeth blow for sure...Surgery this week just gotta wait for the insurance company to approve the drs. plan 
Ouch my throat is crying right now! I'm gonna have no voice tomorrow! 
ouch my toenail... aaaaaaaa 
ouch my tummy hurts 
Ouch Ouch - approx 16 miles covered for our marathon training yesterday  - any tips on making me feet stronger and not prone to blister?  
Ouch ouch ouch. 
Ouch shit.. I forgot to cut my fingernails yesterday and the bitch just broke off... It's soooo annoying now! 
ouch stabbing pains in my side do not rule  fix me
ouch sun burn 
Ouch sunburn 
Ouch that hurts, iPod Touch decided to restore itself so I lost my progress in Need for Speed  Had completed 28/29 races
Ouch the sun hurts my eye 
Ouch tummy ache 
OUCH!  my foot went really bad.. Yesterday to the ER.. x-rays but no awser   i cant have this right now.. im graduating! 
Ouch!  sudden very bad tummyache! Ouch-a-rama!!!
ouch! extremely sore toe 
Ouch! Fuck! I just cut the hell outta my leg  if it's not a bruise, it's a burn, it's a cut... ClumsyAsh.
Ouch! God my back hurts 
so distract i can't study 
So does anyone know what promotion Demi is suppose to do today?? 
so does this mean I should stop waiting for a mini van and cardboard check to show up in my driveway? I give this news: 2.75 stars. 
So done with doctors and hospitals 
So done with work today.. going home, to do a diffrent kind of work. 
so dont have the energy to do anything 
So don't want to be up right now...but the bills aren't gonna pay themselves! 
So drained and I don't know why. My jaw is aching 
so drowsy from nonstop panadol  and hotmail isnt letting me log in. off to bed soon. -s
so drugged up i'm falling asleep halfway through sending texts.... oops. but in SO MUCH PAIN  owwies
So drugged up right now and I'm still in pain 
so during that whole whole addiction talk with my brother and that lady....i broke down and couldnt help but cry 
So early 
so early!!  !! Class, let go! wake up!! wake up
so early. can't focus. pretty much screwed for the day.  i hate being such a disappointment to people.
so effing sick!!! i have a headcold.. 
So effing tired  http://bit.ly/e0ZFz
So effing tired. 
So efin tired!       ...txt mehhh
So Emma has a moderate size hole in her heart.There's a chance it could heal on it's own,but it could need surgery.My poor baby girl 
So emotionally drained  something good needs to happen before something really bad happens.
So empty my heart, my soul can't go on 
so enjoyed mother's day wishing i could have been with my own mom tho.. 
So even if I don't get Amtrak to sponsor me for #BlogHer09, it's likely we'll take the train anyway. Airfare is more than $400 more. 
So everybody is talking about Up... guess I should see it. I'll be back in NYC tomorrow, living in Gramercy. Sad to leave Chicago. 
so everyone leaves when i start tweeting? 
So evidently my gf likes to pick on me about my friend count on myspace   !concrete feet!
So evne though my issue with getting the pre connected to Outlook Live wasn't solved, Palm closed the ticket 
So Excedrine only managed to take the edge off my Migraine today. Still fuzzy and out of sorts a bit. Going to be a LONG day I'm afraid. 
ouch! hot tv dinner is hot. #haveyouever burnt your tongue on flaming hot cheese 
ouch! I feel like I got hit by a train! So sick! And on my first week of work 
Ouch! I just burnt my tongue with steaming hot chicken noodle soup 
OUCH! i just found a pimple on my right jaw line  it hurts!
Ouch! I really don't like having injections 
OUCH! I wish I wasn't so clumsy, just scraped the entire top of my foot, 
Ouch! Just checked the credit card balance - not good. Must slow down on the shopping! 
Ouch! Just sliced my finger with a razor by accident and it hurts! 
OUCH! just sliced the top of my finger!!! 
ouch! my arm hurts   chillin smokin a blunttt.
Ouch! My neck hurts so bad right now! 
Ouch! My tummy hurts!! 
OUCH! OUCH! OUCH! 
ouch! something in my eye and no mirror to get it out 
Ouch! Sun burn 
Ouch! the cat just scratched me, must have hit a bone in my hand, as started bleeding and is bruised 
ouch! the expected aches and pains lived up to their promise 
OUCH! Woke up with a headache, haven't slept in two nights-and not because I was having too much fun to sleep.  Going to be a long day 
OUCH!!  My liddo cut still hurts  cant walk striat.
Ouch!! I have a lot of mosquito bites from being at the lake yesterday   its bad
OUCH!! i'm sprained all over.... 
Ouch!! Pinched nerve in back. Terrible hotel bed or maybe cause husband hogged the whole bed! 
OUCH!! Poor Jeffy =[ that looked painful 
Ouch!!! My neck is killing me after a weird sleep 
ouch!!! my stomach is full i really need to exercise everyday (which i do every week) but everyday but im sooo lazy 
OUCH!!!!!!!!!!  I don't like it.
Ouch!!!!!!!!!!! My feet  http://myloc.me/4IEZ
ouch, falling asleep in the sun is PAINFUL 
Ouch, Headache and ear ache not good 
Ouch, Hit my head on the microwave door. Now I have a headache 
ouch, I have the weirdest sharp pains going through my body 
Ouch, I think I have a cavity. How could the son of a dentist have a cavity?? 
Ouch, my arm still hurts after playing the piano for so long. 
Ouch, my eyelids are red raw. Dodgy new moisturiser not making me a happy bunny. In fact, I feel like a lab bunny 
Ouch, seperating my arm from the sheet on my bed haha  I need some paper towels!!!  
Ouch, strep throat. Guess this means no more kiss-chase for me 
Ouch, via yahoo - Brandon Webb may not pitch at all this season. Looks like my gamble to trade for him may not pay off 
Ouch, woke up with a headache. Rain must be imminent. Damn you falling barometric pressure!  
on my way to JFK! I'm already missing my man! 
On my way to LHR. Hope Taipei is not too hot and humid. Can't bear leaving the wife and son. The poor lad is crying like a baby 
On my way to Lincoln. Gonna miss @tinoforever so fucking much.. Tears already  &lt;33333333
On my way to Manchester Airport.. For ZB574 to Gibraltar 
On my way to munich.. 5hr car ride 
on my way to my 30 week dr appt, the 3 hour long one  bc I have to retake my glucose test...here we go
on my way to my college interview. i am scared  haha
on my way to my dad's with my sistas..  r.i.p. Deb..
On my way to my first exam 
On my way to my own house 
on my way to my training session  god help me
Ouch. Bent back a fingernail. 
Ouch. Blasted shower gel in my eye! Absolutely kills. Eyes are bloodshot now 
Ouch. I just got attacked by ants. 
Ouch. It really hurts to secretly love somebody who also love a girl and they're already becoming couples.  But I still managed to smile.
Ouch. Just burnt my fingers 
ouch. just had my braces tightened 
ouch. my throats so sore 
Ouch. Reinstallaion went really bad and I do not know if I can recover my data. 
Ouch. The boys are hungover. Seriously. Not in a good place right now  x
ouch. totally random ear ache. 
ouch.. wolverine is a dissapointment 
ouch..! not feeling well  sunburn
ouch... head hurts 
ouch... I have a headache 
ouch... lonely day since afternoon comes.. 
Ouch... no Cafeteria open in the morning on Saturday's.... wish I had eaten dinner yesterday...  
ouch.... could really do with staying in bed today 
Ouch.... Rejected..... 
Ouch...Detroit up 5-0 with 1:30 in the third. Looks like it's going to be a 3-2 series lead for the Wings. 
Ouch...sunburnt lips.  
Ouch...this sucks 
Ouchee!!!  Had to re-peirce my lip  ... Poor lips 1st they get burned in McAllen now this in LA
Ouchh burnt my finger on my straightner 
ouchh!!back cramp 
OUCHH1 yeah..im def gonna have a bruise on my butt now. 
ouchhh my sunburn stings like a bitch! 
ouchhh my tummy hurts 
ouchhh no nail.. 
Ouchhh.. Ever pull a hair thinking it was a loose hair but it was still attached to your head. It hurts. 
ouchhhhh... not good when you bite your tongue bar !!!!!!  (via @kat_n). Owwwwww I don't have one but tgat would hurt owwwwwwwww
OUCH--i fell cus i got freaked out by a bugg!! 
Ouchie boo boo! I really hurt my ankle 
Ouchie i burnt my finge! 
Ouchie my ears hurt a lil now 
Ouchie! Don't you hate that pain you get right before a pimple strikes! Eeek! And right before the MMVAs!!! 
Ouchie!!! My back hurts so freaking bad 
OUCHIE!!!!! after all the sunblock I put on I still managed to get burnt 
ouchie, pulled something 
ouchie....my body hurts...huhuhuhu 
ouchiee. i just whacked my head in the showerrr 
Ouchies I burned my finger burning stuff. 
Ouchies I have a tummy ache since the morning I was waking up 
ouchies, I got hit in the face with a ping pong paddle today 
ouchiie. I just burnt my finger on the stove after dinner. 
ouchouchouch! sore head 
ouchy ouch 
Ouchy ouch ouch me head 
ouchy!!  ouchy!! I am so sore I don't know what to do 
so excited about creationfest, ce and the bahamas...missing my sunshine 
So excited about my touch pro but so not excited about going to work tomorrow.... 
So excited about New Moon!!! Only 5 more months until it comes out in Australia 
so excited about selling the new hair selection @ work starting tuesday i can't sleep  man i love my job come shop @ c &amp; d beauty supply
So excited about Sims 3! But I have to wait to buy it next week when I'm less broke... 
so excited for @warped09...but still haven't got my presale ticket 
so excited for 2 more seasons of #Bones! But since @EricMillegan is doing a pilot - not promising for his regular return 
SO excited for the month of July!! Friend's wedding and then California bound!! I miss the beach 
So excited for this summer! this job is going to be amazing! except i didnt get myuniform yet. 
So excited that i've been cleaning since 7 am mowed the lawn and go into work at 2 to work a nine hour shift. 
So excited to be invited the True Blood premiere party next week. So sad I can't actually go 
So exhausted I feel sick  Stupid video game documentary keeping me up til 4 am! 
SO exhausted! Still need to wash before bed. Coffee is required to fuel such an endeavour, I feel! Then zonk time, with no homily on bed 
So exhausted.  Frustrated with work, church, friends, just about everything.  It's wearing me out so fast.   I need a vacation
So exhausted. And I still have another day of packing to go 
so exhausted.. long week and its only monday. Heading down to Invercargill tomorrow for Nannas funeral 
So Facebook is being retarded... as usual... fuck. 
So far 4 people arrested down over at Staples Center. Why can't our fans just celebrate in their homes for now and wait till Wednesday. 
So far absolutely perfect. Great view, directly across from the elevators and ice machine and impecible weather. I need my bike. 
So far away 
So far feeling even worse today.  Ugh. I just want this to go away.  Workin til 8pm. call/text it.
so far have seen countless birds almost smack into us, a deer, a turkey, and a dead deer. Still no moose.  Will never see one. Ever.
So far I have achieved nothing and it's midday. 
so far im by myself for the forensic seminar  anyone wanna come with?lols
So far im having a pretty good day, still have a headache though 
so far in my life clouds have blocked the sun 
ouchy, my head hurts...no fair. 
ouchy.. my teeth 
ouef, mum won't let me watch it  ahh wells, i'll got sleep dreaming about kirby.
Ouh man... I'm ill.. Just feeling so bad with a damn cold  || Listening to Diva by Beyonce... NaNaNa  Diva is a female version of a hustla
Ouh! Your height! Good luck, shawty 
Ouhhhhhh, so tired. I miss him so muchhhhhhhhhhhhh 
oula ca bug netvibes twitter dsl du spam 
Our #moessouthwestgrill needs to get with the online ordering. 
Our A/C is broken. I'm dying from the heat. 
Our air conditioner isn't working...again. I'm DYING from the heat. Pants heavily. 
Our attempted party failed when the flight attendant tried to get us drunk on jack's  safe at sfo, can't wait to see bobs and PE!
Our bed feels so empty without you in it 
Our book club all loved My Sister's Keeper and we will be going to see movie in july... not sure about C. Diaz starring as the mother 
Our building is being renovated... I can't take this drill sound anymore  All I want is silence!
Our car is underwater  whaaat?!
our cat of 13 years has passed away... dying a slow and painful death  hope you are in peace now, we will miss you terribly.
Our cats apparantly catched a white rabbit,they have eaten it, and the remains are scattered through the house  My cats are murdermachines
our comcast cables been acting up again.  it just cut out in the other room... we have to have them probably replace the box tuesday, ugh!
Our computer isn't ok  MAYBE later online ;)
Our date was cut short, cameron started vomiting..... 
on my way to palo alto stayin in barstow tonight. i miss everyone way too much 
on my way to pams house... I haven't seen her in a long time... we both have 2 different lives now..it kinda sucks.. 
On my way to pay bills for the month. Checkbook balance looked great this morning now 
on my way to philadelphia for a single meeting 
on my way to physical therapy...ick 
on my way to pick up kim...without the GPS....inb4igetlost 
on my way to pittsburgh for my cousins grad party. bummed out I'll be moving here next week 
on my way to play some fieldhockey, too bad there's only 8 of us... 
On my way to P-town. Missing my bride and kids already 
On my way to queens 
On my way to run errands the second time..cause I left my wallet at home 
On my way to Said's house for DDQ's. Quitting smoking was hard  two weeks
On my way to Sara's house!!! A 4hour bus ride away! 
On my way to school  revision is suckish  
on my way to school, boo! plus i'm not in a good mood cuz my fishie lewis died this morning. 
On my way to school, for one of the last times! I'm soo tired, it hurts to tweet because I cut my finger with a brush 
On my way to school, I'm having a four hour math test. 
on my way to school, jammin to acceptance. i miss them 
On my way to school. I want summer 
so far it has been an interesting adventure... for a min after being with my 2 friends i almost kinda feel by myself...  but i will be ...
so far I've tried to kill myself TWICE in the 15 mins I've been outside by tripping on stupid things.  I knew I should've stayed in bed.
So far no good  I might cry!!
So far only 1 responded 
So far so bad.  The only things that call my attention from E3 is the Wipeout Expansion and the Milo project.  ...not even Metal Gear. 
so far so good I'm going back to work on Monday now i hope my employer don't push me to hard on my first week  
so far so good new lappy top is working ... old boy PC is no more RIP 
so far so good.  But, this will (somewhat) kill my jailbreak situation i.e. Winterboard.    A temporary situation.
So far so good......I have to work til 10pm though.    save me!!!!! http://myloc.me/2inW
So far spent all day studying and doing laundry  Can't wait for Koi tonight
So far the day has been gooood.. But I'm not going to the school for the yearly celebration.. 
so far today sucks 
so far weekend=amazing but angels and demons definitely did not live up to expectations. it was still good, just not as good as the book. 
So far, i've asked @wynneprasetyo for Spore, @nanadnour @yhzkylryn for Bandung, @hellowinz for Sydney. I am on fire. Still long way to go 
So far, my birthday begins with a killer headache 
so far, summer sucks. and it doesn't even feel like summer 
So far, the most memorable fight was between Rambo and a rat. Not good. 
So far, today has sucked. Felt sick for most of the day 
so far.. not so good 
So farking pissed!! Now they've blocked TWITTER at work....grrrrrr! Don't have enuff time to do this via phone  .
so fast the long break is almost over. . 
So fed up and alone. It's not fair, why can't you make an exception for me just once? 
So fed up the Canucks are out of the playoffs..... 
so fed up with not being able to test my diabetes   i cant press that bloody button 
So flippin tired my eyes hurt 
So for fathers day my dad gave me a cold  wtf! Flying back monday. I wanna see kyo but he cant drive  i love him!
So for those who dont know, THIS is what Im tryin to create. So i still need to fix things. Arg.    http://tinyurl.com/letjx7
so freaking glad that its gonna be warm on monday. hell ya. sad that ryan is moving in november 
So freaking sick. I can't fall back asleep 
So freaking tired today   Oh well....maybe the gym will help??
So freakkin tired i dont wanna go to work 
So freakn tired! Gah, I want sleep not work! 
So Fred Penner had a heart attack..get well soon! No word bird tonite 
so freekin crapped off with mark 
so fresh...juz finished my bath. uhmmm....fab not replying my message 
So fricken tired! On my way to work and my basement is a mess!! I don't even know where to start the clean up. 
So frickin annoyed. I knew this would happen. I shouldn't have gotten my hopes up. 
So frickin sad bout moving 
So friend of mine might be leaving  sadsadsad
so frikin hot in english.. no aircon.  http://plurk.com/p/xhq9k
So from what Emily has explained to me Ruby was kidnapped by a paedophile posing as an ice cream man 
SO frustrated + upset at many things, but twitter really need a more simple way of uploading photos/background photos &gt; mine NEVER work 
so frustrated w/my online class rt now 
so frustrated with at&amp;t. customer service claims they can find no case record in the system for fixing cheryl's account. eta is now thurs 
So frustrated with myself 
So frustrated with the world today   My day *has* to get better soon...
so fuckin bored and depressed noones on 360. 
So fuckin hungover 
so fucking annoyed. so much for thinking people are nice. fuck off i hate you and your distance time graphs ! 
So fucking bummed...rip M-D(Josh Whittle) another solid dude gone.  why do the good ones ones go first..
SO FUCKING SLEEPY T_T. Have to study 
So Fucking tired 
SO fucking warm  Except i hear theres a storm coming :/
So fuken cold..its not funny!!                             =[
So full from a great lunch and now stuck in traffic 
So full from eating lunch. Dang! I wanna go to sleep RIGHT NOW! Having a meeting instead 
so full!!! i need to get ready in a while...i am scared of traffic  currently downloading the 1st ep. of True Blood's 2nd season YEY!!!
So full. Eaten too much today 
So fun. Now im going to my dads 
SO FUNNY. ))) The Cook / Archuleta ad says: Cook David Archuleta. ))) Poor David, he`s gonna get cooked.  Sizzle, sizzle. B-)
So gay but i hate saying bye to @Master_Iceman eight hours... 
So glad 2 b home. I miss evrybody already tho 
so glad diversity won! woop woop...gotta get up at 5:30 to do a carboot sale 
So glad he skipped studying for finals to go see Nine Inch Nails' last two tours!!!  sigh..bittersweet end at that last concert 
So glad I can find my bathing suit 
so glad i didn't have to work today. tummy isn't happy. 
So glad I made it through work - with an extra hour too and my paycheck.  Still waiting on the one I lost though 
So glad I washed down the porch so it could pour rain down on it 
so glad i'm a crybaby. never gonna see half of you again, ever. 
So glad it is saturday looking forward to the footie but cant watch it on sentanta 
So glad it is the weekend. And I'm not sick anymore! Just have to avoid a relapse, which may mean taking it easy... boo!  I wanna party!
So glad its friday but hates that I won't be seeing my bestie everyday anymore 
on my way to school.. ugh!!	this is total bullshit.. I hate summer school.. 
on my way to school... There's nothing rock 'n roll about that! 
on my way to school.... 
On my way to see John Barrowman!  Hoping @crystalchappell doesn't tweet, cuz I don't wanna miss it. 
on my way to see my gg....she not feelin too good! 
On my way to see my nan she's very sick in hospital 
On my way to senior party. I think I ate too much.  My dad is driving like a maniac.
on my way to seven with everyone for phanny's going away! 
On my way to skool late as hell nd I dnt feel gud 
On my way to soulbowl in Charlotte, NC holla at me.   cause I'm missing my boys game. GO REDS!
On my way to summer jam!!! ... Damn why isn't @SongzYuuup gonna be there?????? 
On my way to sun plaza with @giovanniastina @julianachusno,widodo,jacky, denis, vincent satio.feels so sleepy. 
On my way to the airport  only Twitter and Facebook to contact me while I'm there. My phones gonna be off
on my way to the airport and fly back to Cebu   
On my way to the airport it's ending unfortunately  snif snif ...
On my way to the airport to say goodbye to my brother who goes back to australia 
On my way to the airport, missing my san diegans already. Two and a half weeks is going to be a LONG time  http://yfrog.com/0jwwmj
On my way to the airport. California here i come. I have a headache 
on my way to the airport... but no, i'm not going on vacations yet 
On my way to the airpost, leaving for washington tonite and missing my dog who passed away last night 
On my way to the beach with my best friend and my son ^.^!  The only way it could be better were if my husband were with us  maybe tom ...
so glad my outlook doesn't want to work today 
so glad that shift is over. also glad tomorrow is my Friday off.  if the rumors are right those days may be numbered. 
so glad the French orals over and done with.... now it's time to study for the written part 
So glad this working day is nearly over 
so glad to be home...&lt;3 but sad that Toro is gone. 
so glad to see so amny people are finding me on twitter, hehe. too bad a few of them are bots  hooray for real people!
so glad your back to your old self babe and i hope you stay this way if you dont im gone  this time for good
so gloomy out again   I think its a good day to go home and visit the fam in EP
So grateful for @TheHighwayGirl and @iambrowndog / @TheHighwayGirl !!  Going to miss them both 
On my way to the damn doctor.  i hate being sick.
On my way to the dentist 
On my way to the dentist yum a frizzy haired buck toothed women gets to poke about in my mouth for a while 
On my way to the dentist! Btw..I HATE the dentist 
On my way to the Dentist. Getting my Teeth fixed  please pray!
on my way to the dentist....NO FUN! 
On my way to the dentists ugh and i dont have aaliyah.... aww i miss my baby 
on my way to the doc first blah... i need some love 
On my way to the doctor.  Not doing to well this morning.
on my way to the doctors 
On my way to the doctors to find out i'm dying 
on my way to the ER  
on my way to the game i'm so thirsty lol i need water  gm tweeters
On my way to the hospital ~ they might have found what have hit my leg..  Here picture.. I'll be back in a while..   http://tinyurl.co ...
on my way to the hospital.  why am i so sick?
On my way to the Kandinsky exhib. Hope to find a pharmacy open on the way so I can purchase something strong for backache 
On my way to the office, already want to go back home &amp; sleep.  Two soccer games this evening=no after work happy hour 
On my way to the office. I know I'm late, but I helped out my landlady by cleaning the bathroom. She fell down the stairs last Wednesday 
On my way to the oral surgeon for an appointment...ugh..i hope i don't get nothing done today.. 
On my way to the park...feeling bad for helen sittin ther on her own  sori we're all late!
On my way to the post-marathon &quot;fun run.&quot; Sad that I won't be running due to toe injuries 
on my way to the softball game!!!  got to stop at dunhams to get me some different softball pants.....  lol they was too small  
So great to see Oin &amp; Cynthia.  So happy.  Dinner was great, cute little place.  Too bad Oin got sick afterwards.  
so gross out  where is the beautiful summer weather??
so gutted. victor matfield was 1 day away from moving to saints and then decided to move back to whatever team he used to play for 
so had my shoulders worked on yesterday... now they are ouchy sore 
So half of my lights are out, and I just woke up so I feel really moody.... I hate ittttt! 
So happy @JessicaKSzohr replied to my initial msg.. but guess I'm not that lucky to get 2 replies from her 
So happy Friday is here!! So sad Chad is working nights 
So happy I got to wake up to Taylors voice this morning. Sad its going to be a few days before I hear it again.  Missing him so much r ...
so happy I survived the crazy thunderstorms last night 
So happy my mommie went get me another iPhone to keep my sanity while Im here!! So happy she's here period through all of this pain. 
On my way to the viewing! 
On my way to the York bus station. 
on my way to TMS  i got volonteered for the shit job b/c i'm such a good worker blahhh!!!!
On my way to Topeka, KS. 
On my way to town to activate a new phone &amp; use a store coupon before it expires. Feeling good. Wish I was with my bf. 
on my way to training 
On my way to tutor.  So close to summer! Listening to hellogoodbye &quot;Here in Your Arms&quot;
On my way to Twickenham for Army vs Navy rugby match....... Stuck on the M25 though 
On my way to vh1 wrap party for tough love.... Hate this weather! Can't stand the rain 
On my way to wack ass west Chester urghh 
On my way to work  but all i want is to be with you...
On my way to work  I don't want to do floor I don't even feel like working fml
On my way to work  I'm so tired..... http://myloc.me/40SJ
On my way to work  txt it
On my way to work  what's goin on tonight?!
on my way to work ..feeling like crap 
On my way to work its Gona rain so am Gona get soaked  !
On my way to work so tireddddd 
On my way to work wish I had more days off 
On my way to work!  in Boynton Beach, FL http://loopt.us/-4h0sg.t
on my way to work! I am gonna miss general hospital 
On my way to work! Im laaaate! I hate freakin' been stuck in traffic in Ccs 
On my way to work, and wishing that I hadn't left my book at home  Oh well, time to read the news for 10 mins and find out what's happened
On my way to work, another boring day in the office   im starting to think im to young for an office job... Hmm
on my way to work, blah...i'd rather be still in bed cuddling with eric and puppy 
On my way to work, cant be bothered 
On my way to work, damn another rainy day 
On my way to work.  txt it!
On my way to work. in nj. Yay 
On my way to work. Let the day begin 
On my way to work. Still really tired. It's raining too... Hate working weekends! 
So happy to be back with my little dog. Miss my big dog still, may never see here again.. Thanks to my ex-gf 
so happy to be home! RL literally sucks the life out of me. i have about 80% less liveliness than I did 6 hrs ago! Ugh, missed SYTYCD! 
So happy to finally see my cuzin and aunt  Can't find my check 
so happy, but so sad ....  / 
So happy, I'm gonna see Jade! I miss her loads. 
so hard to do a self portrait 
so hard to find a 'Big Wheel' for my son to ride around on, i loved mine when i was kid, seems they dont make them anymore... 
so hard to sleep when your stomach hurts this much.... 
So hard to sleep with #iranelection on my mind 
So has anyone had that yucky new throwback pepsi and mountain dew yet? If they plan on keeping it around, I will not be drinking it! 
so he asked me out  but I JUST made plans  boooo. next time. I can't wait till after graduation!
So he called  and I fell right back in again, sorta, well actually I took control and said what I felt. Yeah right! Driving me crazy b ...
on my way to work..  ..still need to get mom something for mother's day.
On my way to work.. But it's at SIGLAP!!!! 
On my way to work...  
on my way to work... im starving though 
On my way to work... It's WAY too early to be cold and wet  in Concord, NC
on my way to work....n im sleepy n tired...n with pain on my knee 
On my way to work...mad 'cause I don't get to go to the beach today.  
On my way to work...yes I know its a saturday 
On my way to workouts 
On my way to wrk wishin I was still home 
On my way, going to 7 bulanan rani.. hungrrrry beraaaat 
on myspace  borez i need a friend  add me or just check the f-ing site  www.myspace.com/robertoaurelioruelas9147 awh 0 online
on myspace looking for james bournes new song. annoying he hasnt put it on 
On myspace on my computer. Yet I'm sitting here on my iPod lol.. Think I may have an infection - terrible cough!! 
on myspace, its rather boring without you 
On Myspace, worrying about him!!! 
On nights like this, I think about all the times he has held me until I fell asleep. I need to be in Cali 
On no my fear has come back!!  no ride for me...
on no!!  i've cut the roof of my mouth....
On one is answering their phones. 
On our way back to cinci. Awesome weekend but bummed everything is moved out 
On our way back to school...I don't wanna go backkkk 
On our way back to shitty microwaveable food. Bye Escanaba! 
on our way back to Vegas 
On our way back... 
so he called last night n we talked for a good hour bout silly shit, but wen he hung up i realized that i fuckin misss him like shit 
So here I am finally on twitter, but I can't find any of my friends yet 
So here I go still scratching around in the same old hole 
so homesick lately  miss my cats
so horribly unmotivated and utterly, utterly exhausted. i cannot keep dates in my head  too much. too, too much.
So hot already..  And I'm stuck in work.. Majorly unfair..
So hot in here 
So hot now  just edited the skin, booo it looks so ugly, i cannot upload background. piece of shit! (N)
so hot out today! just back in from about a 45 mins walk. remind me next time to not walk as far with those sandals on lol silly scotsman 
so hot outside.  maybe too hot for a run 
So Hot!!... ahhh.. Should I go swimming?? 
So hot. 75 outside and 83 inside. can't sleep! 
so how about i just got in trouble on twitter for cursing ( via swear_bot ) wow!! were all adults  smfh
so how the fuck do i keep it from getting absorbed or goin in my mouth or wherever the fuck its goin? i want my normal lips back man 
So hungover, brushing my teeth was a bad idea cuz it just made me puke everywhere 
so hungover. wizard staff. only 12 last night 
so hungover...and stuck in this village without Burger King delivery service 
So hungry   I wanna eat mcdonalds 
So hungry  waiting for history to start
so hungry and so sad. i really don't want to move out of my apartment. i love living alone. 
so hungry been around food all day the lean cuisine wasnt nearly enough my stomache is killing me... 
so hungry but can't get outta bed to save my life..wishin I was still in vegas 
So hungry but can't leave computer until I have received email about group assignment 
SO HUNGRY I CAN EAT A WHOLE COW.   
So Hungry I Can Hear My Stomach Over The Movie 
So hungry im going to eat  missing gf and its only  been 5 mins
On our way home  I'll be happy to see my cats, my leeuwtje and my parents again. But it was so relaxed, I'm sorry to leave
On our way home. So tired been up since 330  waaaay to early.
on our way out the hotel to go home 
On our way out to buy Phineas &amp; Ferb for field day. Looks like our field day will be a wash tomorrow.  
On our way to Burlington, MA for Colin's karate tournament. Hope my computer doesn't blow up while we are gone. 
On our way to Disneyland... Without Retsi 
On our way to Geisha House....i think we r going to be late 
On our way to Katrina's debut ang we are SOOOO late! Sorry Katrina! 
On our way to LAX. My sis is going home.  
On our way to pick up our rental, then off to grandma's.  Missing John &amp; Dina alreay 
On our way to return our rental car  I don't wanna!
so hungry right now 
So hungry! I need to go grocery shopping, but my direct deposit got all fucked up so I have no moneys! 
So hungry! Still waiting to get my hairs cut. 
so hungry, serving sunday roasts all day doesn't help  waaa
so hungry. nothing in the fridge 
so hurt and want to cry :'( just seeing pictues of them, breaks my heart, all over again....... 
So I actually know what I want to do, and my parents don't want to listen. Ugh. I need my graphic buddies to talk with. 
So i am drunk...and as much as i want to hate him, i know deep down inside that i love him.  
so i am going to have to quit sunglass hut  to bad!
So I am guessin @donniewahlberg meant midnight Pacific time 
So I am hearing we caused an accident last night.  it was the bottle of patron I tell ya!
So I better start some work.         Sucks                         
So I bit through my lip while hooping today. It is the deepest fuckin thing ever and no girl will kiss me now 
So I booted from the osx disc to reset my password and it's not even giving me my hd as an option. Does that mean it's total fail? 
so i bought a mango smoothie at jamba juice today....got into work and spilled the whole thing on the floor...made me a sad panda 
So I can have tethering or visual voicemail but not both at the same time at least with the current hacks. Come on AT&amp;T! 
So I can't eat anything other than foods which remind me of how unlucky I am to get this stupid toothache 
So I can't merge my GMail account and the Google Apps hosted mail for my freelance gigs? Fantastic! 
So I can't watch True Blood tonight.  Damn It!! I want my vampire sex!  What a tease 
So i cleaned my car for 3 hours and it took forever, then driving to work about 1 min in a bird shits on my clean car 
So I come home, my dad and bro are gone, I find out that they went and saw transformers 2, we were all supposed to see it thurs  oh well.
So i couldn't sleep thinking about when my ohone is going to come in ... 
so i decided to just stay home and play ps2... lol 
On our way to the dr... Another day of missing school for my oldest 
on our way to the hotel. kemah was fun! wish i was at the jonas concert  BUT d holl is pitching tonight!!
On our way to the river still dont kno which one 
On our way to the wedding.... I X'd the orange dress.... Too bright and LA for this rainy day 
on page 7.. still got a long way to go  ..sleeping time!!!!xoxo
On pc, watching TV and still hungry 
on prod support... 
on PSP! damn, gonna have to get a new PSP. mine is broken! 
On r way 2 the vball game...so sad all the bball tournaments this weekend AND next weekend were cxld - darn swine flu!! 
On really sunny days i FUCKING hate having to wear all black to college  &lt;3
On reflection, &quot;shaft&quot; may have been a little unwise 
ON ROSARITO BEACH RITE NOW. .ON VACATION. .I TOTALLY CANT SLEEP I BEEN WAKING UP AT 4:00 AM EVERY DAY NOW FOR LYK THE PAST 2 WEEKS 
On route to secondary school number one, secondary's are the scary one's i hope they are nice  Xxx
On runway 2 hours 
on saturday i went to my family reunun, it was pretty small this year  i only stayed untill 11:00, last year i stayed untill 1:00
On season 5 of &quot;The Wire&quot; - wish this wasn't the last season 
On second thought, don't come play Blockles with us on OMGpop. You're all too good for us.  @Wardere @Jaredxd We got owndizzled?
on second thought, spice is closed 
On site waiting for Dell Pro Support to call back. I could be here for a while 
On Skype with my viking homeboy from Copenhagen..getting tired 
On stage 1.  No irish flags 
So I did a lil' drinking tonight....now I have a headache which sucks cuz that means I can't take my migraine medicine 
so I did end up going out and now Iakm regrettinh it  Have a funeral at 10am tomorrow! What am I gonna do!
So I didn't get the job I wanted  Got some other leads.For a very reasonable price you can hire me to inspire greatness in you!I'm a muse!
so i didnt go to sumer jam  
so i didnt really go to sleep  was really insomniac and now i have to go to college :s very tireeeeeed dunno how am gonna drive
So I don't get anymore text messages on twitter apparently.  it sucks. but I can still send them &gt;:|
So I don't start working until next Saturday. Bummer.  But I'm thankful I at least have a job. Yay.
So I doubt it's possible to burn skin through clothes, but that's what it feels like the sun is doing right now 
so i ended up going to my grandmas house, but didn't get on the treadmill instead got a blizzard.  i no i am ashamed of myself!
So I expect our CFO to come in any minute and get J out of here ... Wondering if plans have changed ... Wouldn't surprise me 
So i feel like dook. So sorry @loriwarren 
So I fell asleep during the second intermission last night because I felt sick. I woke up this morning with a bad earache  other ear, too.
So I fell in love with the beach this wknd, not sure why since I'm a frequent visitor.I'm back at my apt now looking at at CLT skyline 
So I finally figure out how to block (thank you dj) but I forget the persons damn name... 
so i finally finished all 45 issues of Static.  i HATE when series get axed on a cliffhanger 
So I finally got Xbox Live to work again, only to find out that the Perfect Dark theme is gone 
so I forgot to install latex on my new machine 
So i found my phone ... I am not saying where ...  anyway no new phone ... For now!
on such a downer 
On Sunday afternoon Paolo Maldini will play his last professional Soccer Game with AC Milan,I cant Believe its over, We will miss u Paolo 
On teh 22. @numberless is mad at me. 
on the #5 train goin' to werk UGH  !!!! Mondai Blues!!!
On the 5 North and it just started to rain  damn I knew I should have got gas in LA. Kettleman city here I come, in about 2 hours 
On the 9th of July I´ve got my surgery   I can´t do sports for an half year! :'( MAN I´M GONNA DIE! *sigh*
On the air until 8am on Majic100!  But scary news, just found out my girl's friend got beat up tonight.  I sure hope he's okay  
on the airtrain, going to the airport to leave for sydney. missing samantha already.  can't wait to catch up with em. down there. (=
On the bed at last! Knackered much hey  might not be up for a trip to the beach in the morn 
On the big yellow thing for only 8 more days. Ah i'm so tired  &lt;3 mandyyy
on the breathtaking campus of Santa Clara University for the summer, and sadly missed Michael Phelps by two hours 
On the bus 
on the bus  ....still
On the bus ...boiling so it is ! Still dying from hayfever  its awful
on the bus 2 work, and totally hungover 
So i fucked up my back and my knee work was fanFUCKINGtastic 
So I get a call at work today, apparently they found my transmission grom my GSR that was stolen 2 years ago... Oh how I miss that car. 
So I get back from a long weekend to be faced with 240 unread emails and ajn iPod that needs it's OS reinstalled 
so i get back to the states... finally turn on my phone... step out of the airport... and it flies out of my hands. broken 
so i get home from the docters and all my sister can say is did you see the dr. that looks like carlise? how sad 
so i got a new rabbit called bronx.. he was ok for a while and now hes gone crazy! i thought i could train the bunny 
so i got a wireless keyboard now and just remembered i forgot to tweet 
So i got all cute today to find out i have to babysit 
So I got my pastrami sandwich... but I forgot to ask for my mayo.  Mannnn.
so i got stomach virus... and so has my baby  i hope he gets better soon.
So i got up played the pain off for awhile but now its swollen to the size of a softball! pretty sure something chipped or broken  !myluck
so i gotta flat this mornin...sucks! gotta get a new tire 
So I guess &quot;Year One&quot; and iPhone and AT&amp;T lmao is more important than GOD. .How sad 
So I guess R is in LA, K in VanCity. So, she def. won't come to Cannes. Pity. 
So i guess today's not going to be any better than yesterday. 
So i guess we wont be seeing allstar tonight...bummer.. 
So I guess when next season start ill be sitting in my floor sits alone 
so i had this crazy dream that my bass was going to fire me and when i got to work she told me i had been replaced and should go home.. 
so i had this crazy dream that my boss was going to fire me and when i got to work she told me i had been replaced and should go home.. 
so I had to bribe her to give them back with a whole Mars bar  and the worst thing is that it was some ridiculous Canadian woman
so i had to put the dead cockatiel in the fridge.. and when i opened the door i discovered 8 other little dead birds  
So I had to set up a new twitter account, because twitter messed up my last one and couldn't do a thing to help me.  sad.
so i hate eating pills...yay for eating 6 a day now 
So I have a blog... with only one Follower     please follow me  http://raebaby88.blogspot.com/
On the bus back to reality. I hate this bus 
On the bus by fort wadsworth on my way To the ferry. Only 5 hours me sleep. I an one cranky bitch this morning 
On the bus goin 2 work but omg seriously im sooooo tired dont know if i'll survive the 8 hour shift 
On the bus going to work!  booo!
On the bus in centrAl London as I work on my sAturday off  I hope all twitters out there have good things planned x x
on the bus it feels good in here ahhhha well yeah I think we get a report cards today 
On the Bus now. 
On the bus on the way back to MD. Missing NY and my family..... 
On the bus on the way to skool  noooooooooo!!!!
on the bus returning from the valley. sorry dent take pics. 
On the bus to college, backs killin me  just listenin to @mousebudden to help me get thru the day. Such a long way to go now!!
on the bus to go back...burning up on this bus. gonna miss my movie 
On the bus to meet my mum at the shopping centre... Couldn't pick up my folder though, it wasn't in the pick up box 
On the bus to work. Looking like the victim of a stroke 
On the bus to work... Don't wanna 
on the bus with no ipod ehhhhh 
on the bus, no AC  boy i am spoiled
On the bus. Lookin horrible. 
On the bus.Cold!  hope mah parents feel better! &lt;3
on the buss once again and when I get home I have a driving lesson wooow I really need a break a good breatherrr 
On the church bus to pick up peeps. Missin my biscuits i had earlier 
On the comp browsing. I'm bored. Have major homework to do thats due tomorrow. Argh! 
On the computer then hopefully bed depends on when the familia finally ines to bed im so tired 
on the computer! feel sad 
on the couch not well 
so i have a great photo assignment involving flr, but i won't be in florence tomorrow to do it  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
So I have a job..goodbye to unemployment, it was awesome for the past month or so though Its snowing again  damn its supposed to be summer
So I have all these followers and no body ever wants to talk to me?? 
So I have colitis  haha.   Ugh
so i have just got up and now i get to do a big essay thats in for tommorow looky me 
So I have managed to get my laptop semi-running. 
so i have my voice back but it makes people want to scream and run 
So I have new hair straightener and new makeup but no car  Still a few more days until I get it back. Looks like it's more tramming for me
so i have no cable til' friday. directv coming my way. but meanwhile fuckin' caveman life. ughhh! my dvr was my everything. 
so i have no phone anymore. im sad. i need a new one. 
So I have the aftersun, but I don't have double jointed arms  FAIL
So i have this huge gash on my leg from last night and i dont know how it happened   lol
so i have to go to the police station tomorrow about my wreck 
so i have to put this tray in mouth for 5 minutes each night, and it's really starting to irritate my gum 
so I haven't tweeted (or is it twittered?) in a few weeks. have been swamped at work and working at home evy night. 
So i hurt my wrist again tonight... Stupid bats! 
So I illegally acquired photoshop. Anyone have any pictures I can jazz up? I've missed photoshop soooo much 
So I install Ubuntu on my iMac (agaaaiiiin), knowing 10,000 apps will be at my fingertips. Nothing replaces the 3 Mac apps I use. 
So I joined voices.com but I can't do much because you need to pay to reply to thinks. SAD FACE!! 
So I just failed bad at making chocolate coverd strawberrys.  Wondering what i did wrong. Hmmmmm
So I just finished watching every episode of True Blood and am highly disappointed!!!! The creole dude with the fake accent was my fav 
So I just found out that I am def losing my job.  This sucks! 
so i just got drenched in the pounding rain. basang sisiw look. 
So i just got online and checked my twitter and i realized there has been a ton of tweets that haven't even got to my phone yet. 
On the Express listening 2 I Am...reminiscing...and me and U belong...I wanna run, smash n2 U!   Manhattan and then Bk bound. Finally.
on the ferry home now and back to the drudgery of work tomorrow 
on the floor with Goblin, Zil and me. Not sure who feels more awkward. Probably Zil.  http://tumblr.com/xdr23hgo3
on the fone with marissa right now. looks like its gunna rain  but it is very very humid out! lol. nice! lol! me and marissa r laughing!
On the Gatwick Express to the airport. Then 11 hours to Vegas, cattle class 
On the grind.. 9-7 .. 38th &amp; 1st .. &amp;  slippin' in that making the band episode i missed.. about to cry at work 
On the ground in Houston on my way to Portland for an MCN board meeting... Woke up at 3:30am for the flight 
on the heathrow express again  missing london already and i havent even left yet
On the last seat of the plane 
On the last train before the hotel. In get changed and back into town, still haven't eaten anything!  I'll grab a dairy milk or something!
On the line w/ my twin, WeeWee, catching up... Really wish we lived closer. 
on the lonnnngeeessst lunch EVER....im bored and sore from running at the gym last night    no work tomorrow though so i get to sleep in!
on the lowest point  
On the magical express on our way to the airport 
on the mascara (: running out tho  think i might need to buy some more :-\
On the metro. I hate public transportation and its raining. Happy Monday 
On the move to the concert... I wish I knew the score better 
On the naughty step 
On the office Trying to (truly) wake up!... 6 Days to Leave Madrid 
on the one day i dont bring my umbrella, i get caught in the storm 
so i just got that aim chat thing.. lol , but i have no one to add 
So I just had a glimpse backstage of some fans meeting and taking a picture with Robert Pattinson. I can only dreaaaaaam.  haha
So I just managed to spill an entire glass of water on my laptop!! Ahhhh its literally dripping with water 
So I just put a bottle of lotion on my bedside table and it fell onto the floor. No joke, there is no lotion everywhere. 
So I just ran over a squirrel for the 2nd time. Those poor little critters seem to like the bottom of my tires 
so I just realized that every time I change my name I lose all my twitpics. like they don't carry over or somethin  this blows.
So I just realized that the autograph party day is almost upon us...and the Twins Wives' have not done Favorite Things baskets this year. 
so I kinda can't stop coughing. it sucks so much 
so I know the day isn't over yet but i didn't reach my goal of 100 followers  #followers
So I lied, I ended up watching &quot;My Sassy Girl&quot; this movie is super cutie. I cried!  :-X
So I like the music, but I don't know who it is by 
so i lost my livejournal login shit... now i have to make a new one 
So I love how I am required to read The Republic of Plato once again  this book will not go away...
So I love it when people offer me jobs out of the blue...Too bad it's in Lafayette, Louisiana 
so I messed up in setting my alarm last night and over slept  no time to study for my test..hope I am able to wing it and pass!
so i met this dude n gave him my number he said hed hit me up next wk. hes been blowin me up all day  hate that shit
so i misjudged how big the roundabout was...shame my error of judgement is gonna cost me a new tyre. ouch 
So I missed the game 2nite....n I heard my Cavs lost  thats cool, Kobe still gone ball on D. Howard! FUCK ORLANDO!!!!
So i must admit, I am a little bummed out to find out that the Marc Ecko shoot for playboy is not going to be out till July 
so I must go to bed... I have to get to work at quarter to seven... booooo ... I wish I had a day off 
So I myself am my biggest letdown. Trufax 
So I ordered the next two books for a series I am reading..and the third one came before the second...ugh.  Can I read out of order?  
so I overslept and now everyone is mad at me 
So I overslept on Mothers Day.  Two hours late for breakfast with my mom. I'm a bad daughter
So I passed out last night in the middle of 4th quarter. I didn't witness my Magic lose 
On the PC Now. Checking Email etc! Moggie is not to welll today 
on the phone to kelsey . have a sore bumm 
On the phone to Royal Mail, unbelievable menu structure, 12 mins and counting, just because web site doesn't have the full information 
On the phone to Virgin again 
on the phone with @tunna61 then sleep 
on the phone with Arvest, the girl on the phone is breathing into the mic on the phone... not sound as good as Darth Vader... 
On the phone with London..our online post facility there is creating the opening credit sequence... what name shall I use?! Decisions. 
On the phone with Maks who's sick  Why is his voice so cute? I'm freaking over seeing them tonight.
On the phone with mitch, not feeling week 
on the phone with my very good friend, but she not funnier than my bff... @youngsmuc I MISS U 
on the phone with palm trying to find out what's wrong with my phone... 
so I pretty much had an amazing week... sad that it is over  can't wait until next time...
So I read in one site that ABDC Season 4 will be starting on August 6. Ahhh still gotta wait for a long time 
So I really hate sleeping alone. Its lonely 
So i really wanna play a stratigical video game, one where you build empires, construct governments and wage war 
so i really want to go to Hotel Carolina but I'm pretty sure I have class that Friday until 5ish which means i'd miss the friday show 
So I slept 12 hrs! My body is aching 
So I slept in my contacts&amp; woke up w/ a red swollen eye  dr visit, eyedrops... it's still not gone-Note 2 self NEVER sleep in contacts!
So I slept... For a whole 2hrs OMG, =•( he's asleep now, I hate when he has gas 
So I slept...but Im still tired 
so I sneezed on the mic...TWICE. I think it's time to call it a night 
So I step out n shorts a man n macy's changing a light bulb drops the damn bulb tryna look at me cuts my leg like he's neva seen legs b4 
so I text somebody like 12 minutes ago and he never text me back 
So i think alex bailed on me 
So I think I just might be dying of hunger 
So I think I'm allergic to grapes now 
So I think I'm pretty much gonna quit jamba. They ask WAY too much and they don't pay you ANYTHING 
So I think imma die soon, I feel like shit dude...ugh 
so i took a massive break from writing my essay and now.. i'm back  intro done, doing some reading for it now, only 2,200 words to go :|
so i took my cereal to work this morning but the office fridge is all out of milk 
So I totally miss watching my fav show &quot;House&quot;  I need to turn on the tube ASAP!
So I totally missed the nugs game last night  I heard it was awesome so I tried to watch SC but I fell asleep BOO
so I totally want to be in Dallas right now. 
so I totally want to be in Dallas right now.  omg http://tinyurl.com/kt5nqj
so I tried cloning myself. Result, BIG FAIL: http://ow.ly/aPG9 back to the lab 
on the phone!...not studying!  soo borring! 
On the phone, on hold. 
On the plane about to take off! Please turn off all unapproved electrical devices.. 
On the plane back to LA. I miss my sister.  the bitch is going to ny instead.
On the plane back to the UK. It's always sad leaving LA 
on the plane for over an hour now. it still hasn't moved (difficulties starting the engine!).  I'm not gonna make my meeting after all 
on the plane home.... 
On the plane to yosemite. Forgot my laptop at home 
on the plane! turning off my phone  ... see ya in the sin city! later tweets!!!
On the plane. Already missing @mattpippen and @CassidyAlexis 
on the plus side...drat i cant think of anything... 
on the porch with a book. feeling kind of lonely 
On the radio, holla! But no one I know listens most of the time, aww! 
On the road again :/ get out of work then go out, I miss home 
On the road again without my co-pilot.     But I know she's having a great time at camp.
On the road again. I just deleted all of my pictures and videos from the past 3 weeks, accidentally.  wah...
On the road again. I miss my traveling traveling partner 
On the road again. Think I'm gonna be sick. 
On the road back to New Castle, Pa., to drop off my baby Jenny 
On the road back to ohio. 
On the road home. We discovered a dedicab SN2 that had no unlock code! We failed to enter it 
on the road to ATL 
On the road to VA... have'nt eaten breakfast! so fucking hungry  *I&lt;3Ryan4-ever*
On the road. 
On the rooftop floor. Theres a gym I climbed but sakurity wouldnt let me go down the slide.  shit's craaazy!
on the school computer.  its so slow. and ugly. haha
On the shuttle...the AC keeps spitting smelly water on me 
On the side of the rosd with a blow out  almost crashed my car when it blew  thank god for this nice man who is helping me!!!
on the sofa with a weak cup[ of tea   have most certainly felt better...
On the sunnier side of things, i just saw a 3 legged dog 
On the sunniest week in an age, i've managed to pick up a debilitating strain of swine/manflu (swanflu?) Tomorrow's w200 not looking good 
on the telephone 
on the third floor. trying to hide form mom and maid. my mom is about to tell her that we are moving. expecting to see some tears... 
On the tills today... Iam not a fan of tills  bah!!
On the train back to CT 
On the train currently. Very hot! No windows, that will open anyway.  #arrivatrainswales suck! Although, they are comfy. Need a drink. 
On the train going to school gotta take 2 regents today smfh  &gt;:O.
on the train headed home 
On The Train Headin Into The City I'm Sleepy As Hell 
On the train heading to norcal....... Really tired 
On the train home cause I have red on my top 
On the train home from work. I think somethings seriously wrong with my back 
On the train i'm so sleepy  i miss my daniel i think he hates me atm
on the train on my way home and its raining 
On the train on my way to work! Its so early 
So I tried this for like 2 hours: http://bit.ly/n88xh okay, more like 20 minutes... and no go 
So I updated the os in my gen1 iPhone and so far so good. Tweetdeck doesn't support the lanscape keyboard  oh well somthing for an update.
So I wake at 6:30 and at least hourly thereafter... but I sleep through Tony leaving for his 12 hour class?!  No hugs to tide me over.
so I wanna take a shower but we just got the tub glazed...again. so i can't.  what the freaking fuck....
so i was attempting to upgrade wordpress to 2.8 and it totally hosed my web server 
So I was awaken by the house phone ringing continuously; which is why I'm up at 530am. Had to pick up my daggone bro! Now I'm wide awake 
So I was convinced that my pay day is tomorrow, but I usually get my payslip by email the day before. And no payslip. No monies? 
So I was doing my hair and I burnt the shit out of my finger it seriously burnt for about 3 hours that shit sucks ballz!  
so i was drunk. with molly, mike, and luz, and others. and i got numbers, and luz left.  i miss her already. i have a hangover . ughhhhh
So I was feeling super naseous so I left luis' minutes after I arrived. I'm feeling better now but only if I remain lying down... 
so i was going to twitter pix my creations, but it takes forever on my phone. talk to me tweeties. thirsty. random text from joshua? 
So I was gone for a while due to computer problems... I'll be mia for a while. 
So i was just informed that my best guy friend is taller (he was super short) and his voice changed and just in one year! Awww I miss him 
so i was kicked out from your top friends? 
so i was really excited when i got the twitter, i even got the iphone app. but now i dont use it 
so i was suppose to go running today... but that never happened. 
So I was supposed to sleep but my brother called =D I haven't laughed so much in ages!! Miss him so much  it's just not fair!!!
So I was unable to live up to my promise.  I laid some murder down on 11 hours sleep instead.  I am ashamed 
so i was watching harry potter &amp; the goblet of fire. and i cried when robert pattinson died 
So I went to check the door and noticed a bit flaking off that I'd missed. 2 minutes later I'd removed half the paint ... again 
So I went to sleep with a headache two nights ago. Threw up in the middle of the night, woke up with the flu. 
On the train to F'boro, to the dentist again 
on the train to kiddie now.  gonna put up my pics when i get hoome.
On the train to LAX! Bye cali, I'll miss you v much 
On the train to work. Only a 3 hour shift and I'm in the mood for work 
On the train with azlan and ari on the way to london. I ate too much 
On the train!  fell into door on London underground mcfly tomorrow and yans partayy!
On the train.. Heading to work for a marathon 9hr shift!  Gotta make the money tho! http://myloc.me/4qER
On the treadmill! Woo hoo!! Gonna get skinny. But oh no, I'm now one of this people at the gym who must tweet while working out! 
on the treadmill. forgot to put my shoes on 
on the verge of a sore throat 
On the way 2 work i h8 the 1st day in afta the weekend 
On the way back from Texas...really missin church 
on the way back from Zion 
On the way back to England... 
On the way back to Jakarta 
on the way back to st. petersburg.... 
so i went to the movies today, it was a total chaos, everyone got crazy about the transformers movie, i got no tix   bah! I'll wait...
So i will be off of the internet for a wile  stupid viruses!!!
so i woke up and my back is KILLING me!  this sucks.
so id you missed it...might have to work next weekend which = NKOTB weekend in Chicago, Cincy, Indy  Stupid PT job!
So idk how I'm going to finish True Blood. 
So if it's 9:54 and I'm NOW hungry for dinner, do I eat?? It's pretty much bedtime 
So if your opening happiness with coca-cola, then your opening apathy with generic cola 
so ill right now 
So Im a loser and I REALLY want to get a the coat that Vash wears. It would look so awesome with my skinny jeans... Sadly I cant afford 1 
So im about to pee in a cup. Why cant we just take blood? Like seriously lol i thought we were moving up in the world? 
So i'm at this prom right now and people are clapping on beats 1 and 3. One of my peeves 
So i'm at work sitting in box . . . Alone. . . I feel very lonely 
So I'm begging you, pleaaaaase pleaaaase, do not give me a last minute call.. cause y'know sometimes I need a little 'privacy' here.. 
so im broke     cooking dinner now
So Im done editing &quot;The Phipstape&quot;. Back 2 crack a brew and see what we got............. no trees though 
On the way back to TX again  in Orlando, FL http://loopt.us/f4d0Gw.t
On the way back.. 
On the way down ole 565 again 
on the way home .. I think . @Prodigy702 just called me fat .  so mean .
On the way home after unsuccessful hunt for energy saver bulbs with screw cap. 
On the way home alone  miss sleeping with my nello
On the way home from dinner. Good nite even though I was sick 
on the way home gav said 'i wanted someone to invite us out to dinner'  unfort. It wasn't our church friends he wanted the invite from!
On the way home, heavy rain had come. My pants and shirt were terribly wet 
On the way home, looks like I missed out on perogies 
On the way home. Gettin a headache   still have to help jeff with homework
on the way home. nasty rainy day. 
On the way home. Tired. I don't wanna babysit 
On the way home. We lost 2-1  http://myloc.me/4Ony
On the way J's house w/ M. And I haven't ate anything 
On the way out to go shopping 
on the way PRJ with mamski, papski, aa jian, neng and si gendut aling.. waaa macet bgt, fikri belum ngabarin lagi 
On the way SSC. Little bit headache  and my nose still full of ingus haha so that my ears got disturbed too
On the way to book club to discuss &quot;The Shack&quot;...not the most sterling literary effort I've perused this summer 
On the way to cake class...my cake needs A LOT of help 
On the way to Clare for Steph's shower. I hate sitting in the backseat. 
so im downloading the yahoo messenger. My new display pic is of Juli and me. She is in Europe and i miss her a lot. 
So im feeling really lonely on here i asked for help with a qestion and no one helped me x boo hoo   x
So im getting my hair down right now it hurts like hell I want to cry so bad right now ugh I hate the braiding process 
So I'm going 2 try it again. Lights out, cell off. If Im back on @ 4AM, I don't know what I'm going 2 do 
so im going to protest tomarrow. there building a baseball stadium where a park is. all the trees are getting cut down 
so im guessing i work a full 8 today.............fun 
So I'm hating this freaking tiny twitter for blackberry... And I would use twitterfon that I have on my ipod touch but no wifi out here 
So I'm having an awesome week...Birthday, transformers 2, adtr...Back to work tomorrow though 
So I'm in a rich as area of west co and hookahs dope but I don't know anyone!  @itsdumdun @kpexi I lovee u primosssss u should come ;))
so im in class n im pissed off, hungry, tired, sick... i wanna sleep n not wake up til 2mrw. but i cant 
so i'm in the gym and back on the merry-go-round feeling the burn but missing the cake 
So i'm in your town, i miss you like crazy and i can't even see you tonight 
So Im JUST gettin dun w my photoshoot! All I can say is... HOT! Yaaaaay I'm excited - ok I'm sleepy as all hell n gotta drive 30min bk hm 
So I'm just gettin in from dancin my ass off wit my cousins. Had tons of fun wit da fam tho! But@itsmynxx is gonna b mad at me  I lied
So I'm just sitting here, wondering WHY THE HELL my boyfriend is ignoring me. Any ideas? 
so I'm kinda pissed that Boys Like Girls is gonna be at Kentucky Kingdom on a date i already have a show 
so i'm missing class right now which is soooo not fair i can't email my paper in, i have a legitimate excuse!!!!           
So i'm moving out of Glasgow and Zaria is moving through?! Nooooo! Cancel the London for uni plans, cancel them all. 
So I'm no longer getting phone updates from anyone, even though it says I should. Argh, ghetto ass new number! 
So I'm not just home alone, I'm alone in the USA. And todays my baby sis birthday  who's gonna keep me company??
So I'm on my way to cricket  they better not make me play
So I'm on the phone with my dad Almost in tears describing my nightmare&amp; he interrupts me to say Bye.Church&gt;Daughter every time...  ugh
so im on the phone with Turkish Airlines trying to get my mile points...there has to be an easier way! speak english to me..anyone???  ha!
so im pretty much miserable here in LA with NObody to hang out with (it sucks everyone went home  )
On the way to class 
On the way to Cons from Wilmington. Im so sleepy. I feel sick. 
On the way to costco with the family and just saw roadkill ewww 
on the way to curinthia with my STR drumstick .still 2 hours to drive 
on the way to Erfurt...but very tired in the moment 
On the way to get my #iPhone #3GS from T-Mobile Austria now. For 3 Weeks testing. Just 3 Weeks 
On the way to Gibson fixen to take on a 3 hour drive  and the play ball
On the way to have Griffin's staples removed from his head!  Should be fun 
On the way to hockey. It is super cold  I hope i don't freeze. Hi rachel whos reading my text.
On the way to home. Today not really good day 
on the way to lax tired and its waaaay to early 
On the way to LAX. Flying home today 
On the way to lga... Don't want to leave New York 
On the way to Malaysia...no internet access to Twit 
On the way to Manchester for rockcorps! I hate bein up this early!! 
on the way to my house now. fun times over 
On the way to my uncle Mikes funeral  About to be w/ my mom + grandrents. The emotions r overflowing. Trying to remember his funny jokes .
On the way to San diego. Were driving sooooo this is gna take a HOT minute! And I misssssss my boo 
on the way to sby, preparing for my final exams 
On the way to school,  gna be a loner again!
On the way to school, ugh. Late. 
On the way to send baby boy back  - http://tweet.sg
so im sick and cant go out. i told my friends go ahead &amp; go without me, lol they wasnt supposed to actually go they was supposed to stay 
So I'm sleeping alone tonite 
So I'm up... Clearly not as early as I should be   let's hope I can shower and be ready to leave in 28 minutes or so!
So I'm voted and really want to go over @frankiebabi 's house buy now it's pouring  some summer weather...
so i'm watching the big ten track and field somethings on tv. it makes me sad. 
So I'm wondering why can't I upload or view twitpic pix anymore 
so I'm working on redesigning my website, cisco.tannerezell.com to move away from a rather bland theme, but I realize now, I'm no web guy 
so in love and so sad. doesn't really fit, right? 
So in the end. I watch like 10 episode of naruto. This feeling is so great! But i'm on my bed now  - http://tweet.sg
so in total, i only had 3 hours of sleep. 
So incredibly annoyed I got the Bayonetta cover of Edge 200. It could be the greatest game ever but it means nothing to me. What a waste. 
so incredibly stressed out  ; don't let em get inside of your head. sometimes you find its better black &amp; white.. &lt;/3
So into sweating degens at the WSOP I'm using twitter 
So irked right now at this training. I cant keep my eyes open or my head up 
so irritated that I got up and ready for work just to have to turn around and come back home 
So irritated. You're probably irritated with me now. Then I'll have no body. 
so irritating that i wasnt able to go to this party that he was at today just b/c morgan wasnt going...i hate being 14 
So is cleaning all by yourself before you move 
On the way to service. Why is 121 so annoying on Saturday afternoons?! Wish @JGaspard was playing SLK tonight instead of NRH 
on the way to soap-workshop - on sunday 
On the way to soccer game... Still sore after last game  ... Using muscles that don't apply to dancers...
on the way to the 7 train...why must it rain 
on the way to the cricket game. Wish I was at wembly 
on the way to the er with my pers @BGodwin22 and @ShayMo28 feel better pers 
on the way to the family party...about to crush. I miss my phone 
On the way to the hospital to experience another dad dying with a friend  I knew this would happen... And of course /i/ have to bawl..
On the way to the jungle!! Liburan dadakan! Hmmm,feel a bit guilty nih..  But I need vacation!
on the way to the, uhm, zoo. not feeling well 
on the way to uncle funeral 
On the way to walk got hunger.  There is a screaming child next to me 
On the way to Wildomar, CA towing the Lexus 
On the way to work  mamas taking me and we're listening to Taking Back Sunday
On the wayyy home and i dont feel like it.  but i got fucking work at noon. Blaghh
on the wii, playing mario kart  fucking awesome, always come 1st and beat everyone, but i hate it when they push u or throw stuff at u 
On thee way to the airport soon....then work 
On this b-e-a-utiful golf course whilst suffering from seasonal allergies  these houses are amazing...what do these ppl do for a living?
on to my beloved west london community? as a local girl based in the area,  this makes me very dissapointed indeed  .
so it also turns out the Punkbuster and FRAPS (my favorite fps counter) are incompatible 
so it has been made official...I am NOT going to EDC...bummer 
So it looks a whole weekend spent in-doors  Good opportunity to catch up on my reading. Still reading Outliers by Malcom Gladwell.
So it snowed last night. Not enough to call in for a snow day at work though. 
So it starts raining today?? Ugh we were doing good 
so it supposed to be my day off today. so why am i here?    why
so it turns out im pretty broke just now.....OK im really broke, I really need to sort out this ridiculous spending habit of mine! 
So it turns out that neither myself or the guy above me is getting a promotion. Fuckshitcockballsmecrob! 
So it turns out that the CAE did keep me away from twitter! But I'm alive!...Though I don't think I did well 
so it wasnt a fail.but it wasnt a first either  deeply resent not having revised lec 6 + 7 (it was so easy too!)
So it would appear that the cafe was sold out from underneath us despite a contract.  Looks like I will still be looking for a storefront 
So itchy and sunburnt   Went to the park earlier then to that Clockwork Beer Co. for the first time. Very impressed with the place.
So itchy....peeling  tan vanishing...all that sunburn pain for nothing!
So its 10 at night &amp; I haven't had dinner yet  http://myloc.me/2ksJ
So it's 2:28am of the Best/Worst day EVER and I'm on the side of Buford Highway with a flat...This really and truly must be a joke!! 
So it's 2am &amp; I am wide awake....freakin' fantastic 
So its a gloomy sunday and I'm stuck at work until 6:30 pm   At least I have my #palmpre to keem me up.
So it's a Sunday smack bang in the middle of a long weekend... And what am I doing? WORKING! Whats wrong with this picture...  
so it's about 4 in the a.m ad I have yet to be asleep? what should I do? I'm soo sick. 
so it's almost 4am &amp; i'm still up doing homework for my freakin entrepreneurship &amp; applied management class. My hardest quarter yet 
so it's back to the working out and i have come to realize..... i'm outta shape 
on to season 2 of skins. its impossible to find icons for this show without getting spoiled 
On top of everything going wrong in my life i am sick! Just great! 
on top of it all i have a stye..  wahhhh
On train home, full of saturday shoppers and daytime drinkers... Oh what a life it must be to have a saturday off work 
on train home.  Train full and lots of drunk men in carriage.  This is going to a long journey 
On train to Cambridge w @t_a_i for the weekend. O2 connectivity is rubbish. 3 is better but  didn't top up my mobile broadband. Sor jai! 
On train to Liverpool via Birmingham. No vacant seats so sitting on floor next to train doors. Seat reservations not working 
On train to London. Have laptop, handbag, newspaper and coffee. But no banana. 
On train to Torquay. Want to nap but is not happening. 
On train. Book finished. Ipod dead. Next to smelly man. 
on train. with a 30 minute wait at Gatwick (and a wait almost as long at Reading), i could have stayed in bed another hour 
On trying iit does not 
on tweetdeck for iphone - for those who have tried it, did your groups get set up automatically?  mine did not 
on twitter in the car &amp; its soo freezing here 
on utube again hehe! im lookin forward 2 bali in july... but at the same time i REALLY dont wanna go coz of swine flu! 
so its grayer than my skinnet jeans outside right now 
So it's just me again, alone, in the office  sooo much to do!!!
SO its OFFICIAL i NEED a NEW MIC....mine is poor quality 
So it's Saturday again &amp; what do I do..? Work again, of course. 
so it's taking my students a lot longer to take my final than it should have 
so it's time for me to say good night. I have to get up at 5:45 a.m. that means less sleep for the next few days.. 
So it's true? Ms. Snyder did die? Wow, that's horrible. R.I.P Ms. Snyder 
So I've been reading New Moon- Jacob is a lot cuter in my mind's eye than the pic of the actor that I saw. 
So I've been without Internet and cable since Saturday afternoon. The stupid storm cut the cable from the pole to the house 
So i've decided that my life consists of Youtube and Twitter. How sad 
so i've done 5 hours of bio revision so far, and still feel like i'm not ready at all for the exams tomorrow!! 
So I've given up on finding the Transformers DVD. I would watch it online but I really wanted to see it on the big screen downstairs 
so i've ruined 3 pairs of earrings today... it can't get any better than this 
So JAG is getting old, but cant stop watching men in uniforms... watching Hangover tnite but cant get one cause  of antibiotics 
So Jay-Z is doing a special show in 4 cities in July and not one of them is DC....FTL 
On vacation and my cousins have to work. Lamesauce   o well just cuz im on vacation doesnt mean they are too.
On vacation! Finally Summer is here! Time to enjoy the family...oh and have to paint that Kitchen that Sandy's been asking me about 
on way 2 glasgow, keep gettin caught in road works  feels like its takin forever!x
On way back from ace day at #dbuc09. Was up at 6am after 3.5hrs sleep &amp; now just want to doze on train. But the seat is SO uncomfortable! 
On way bak 2 atl. I wanna do eros tonight but imma b tired 
On way home after a fun day of annoyin evry1 playin tricks until i got cheese in my pocket 
On way home from edinbrugh uni open day seriously confuesed as to what course to do 
On way home to glorious LEEDS! London was nice though, gonna miss the hugz 
On way to Camden Yards train station to drop Chris off. 
on way to LAST RADIOTHERAPY ZAP! yay! But its 1st day of winter. Booo! 
On way to pick up new motor  last chance to drive the mx5 
On way to school 
On way to work  oh well more stupid q's on pens lol
on wurzbach wishin i was still at the beach.  i want to move down there so bad.
On Youtube. getting ready to do homework ..... YUCK!I have to copy down 4 song lyrics cuz my printer broke. 
on youtube.. and i need a CAMERA!! to record a video!! me and my friend r BORED!! 
On;y been up for like 15 or 16 hours 
Onboard GSA, the XSLT engine only supports 1.0, doesn't allow XPath 2.0.  
Oncall this week. 
Once again back at work... NEED COFFEE!!!  Am here till 5:30 as well... Not nice 
Once again bored @ work! Smelly people present 
Once again gettn ready to go to court for tickets 
once again Goodbye  ny 
so jealous of @rachieann &amp; @emmysuh! I wish I had friends that I could go hiking and swimming with 
so jealous of every fan going to the jonas brothers concerts this summer. 
so jealous of everyone with Sims 3 already.  how cool is it?!
so jealous of everyone's new iPhone 3Gs's... i want mine now 
So jealous that @natmam got to see Deerhunter last night 
So just as I expected, the party is pretty boring 
So just driven up to my flat for the last time...handed in the keys today 
So just had a fight with the copy machine and i have ink all over my shirt...and no change of clothes 
So just had my last normal lunch  so sad. I'm gunna miss everyone
So just waking up... this is interesting. 
So just went to the store for food, and I got beer too....and didn't get carded. I feel old. 
so kelly is leaving me ?  *tear*
So kiddo locked me out of house with him and his baby sister inside while she screams her lungs out. I had to break door in 
so last night i had beer thrown at me. tonight a fight broke out at the party... COOL. 
so last night i stage dove....and no one caught me  bahahahah i just realized how funny that is lollollollollollollollollol
So last night i stepped on something squishy, it was dark and i couldn't tell what it was...well it was a dead bird 
So late. i hit the snooze button too many times. 
So lathargic... Definitely need today to rest. Sad bout havin to call out but mentally i needed to 
So lazy this morning. I can't get movin 
so lazy to replay all the sms that i recieved 
So lazy today.I could only see to Louver and got back to the hotel.My fr are still out.Miss my family so much 
So lazy.I really haven't don't anything.  I need a BFF for real.
So left for dead 2?  I never played the 1st one yet 
so like eventully we saw his boat so we startd shoutin n what not but it  they had already been disqualified so we looked like  gobshites 
once again history is causing me to be in school again - while no one else is! 
once again I can't sleep and no one is up 
Once again I'm laptopless! 
Once again its raining.  heading over to the movies and then D&amp;B...  Woooohoo. Its an adult nite 2 nite. Lol
once again ive woken up early 
once again my temper has gotten me into trouble 
Once again on skype with @Jadennation, @beckag, and @laygum. Becka and Gum make me feel like I fail as a girl 
Once again procrastinating  I can't believe it. I was supposed to finish by 12 and I haven't even started
Once again tennis foiled by the weather 
Once again tennis fooled by the weather 
Once again this sucks     ylan
Once again Twitter is being a fickle bitch and is not sending tweets to my phone today...Boo/Hiss.  #TwitterFail
Once again woken up with a runny nose 
once again, a five in the morning bed time. i am soo messed up. 
once again, another sleepless night. im starting 2 stress, am I ever going to go to sleep 
Once again, food and shopping will make me happy 
Once again, I am not technologically savvy 
Once again, I find myself at the Rock by myself.  hey at least I'm here....
once again, I hate goodbyes 
Once again, I'm gonna die out of boredom because I've completed Pokemon Platinum. Any good DS games to recommend? 
Once again, my account(s) got invaded by two crazy girls..  When will this end!!!
Once again, my paper was found to be another 'haphazard' paper!  philosphy blows   
once again, there is nothing to do 
once again.. because I work on saturday... I'm missing out on something else... Free Comic Book Day!!! 
Once again...about to go to sleep...gotta go to work in the morning! ugggghhh MONDAYS 
once again...show is rescheduled  
Once agin, up @ 7:30 
Once I figure out why I'm sharing recipes with all of you, I'll let you know. I like the kitchen almost as much as I love music. 
Once I start, I can't stop. 
once more off into the breach headed to work.... and in the snow no less..... ugh why snow of all things 
Once the  sun goes down, gotta go do some guerrilla watering of my guerrilla garden.  No rain today. 
once upon a time I was falling in love...now I'm only falling apart. le clone, I misseth you. 
ONDemand is not being my BFF right now. 
one and only headache of the year 
One assignment down, two to go. 
one assignment down; four to go 
one day i might get over france. don't see it happening very soon though  pictures still make me cry. such an amazing time of my life &lt;3
one day its hot, the next its freeeeezing! I love central NY 
one day left of vaca 
so like then about 5 minutes after i sat down the monk moved to another bench 
so like wtf is that about ???and i have fonts for japan germany and they aint lil boxes but what ever i wish i knew what they were saying 
so limited internet access, toshiba's network driver went beserko 
So little time for new orleans 
So little time left 
so little time so much to do  xxxx
so little time until i move out of my house 
so lonely at home 
so lonely on this network  cheer up cheer up and find pals . . . . . . .
So long ago since my last tweet. Fact: i'm horrible at saving money. 
So long dance show  i hate to part with you!
So long Danny Gokey ... 
So long Farrah 
So long General Motors  You'll be missed ol' buddy...
So long twitter, I shall revisit thee when I finish my paper! -The ife of a procrastinator 
So long, Farrah - http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/TV/06/25/obit.fawcett/index.html - 
So mad at @claudivab, @nikamay, @msgaylonm... n everyone else that had me taken shots last night! Sucks cuz they slept in and I'm @ work 
so mad at my macbook for not coming with iMovie HD and not accepting the version i semi-illegally acquired. I can't even open .avi files 
so mad right bout now 
So mad right now... Never trust family 
So many books and not enough time to read :sigh: 
so many channels ..... So little on!grrr wats the world cumin 2 
So many cool git tools and interfaces, but no time at all to try them out  http://is.gd/1aSKf
so many culminating tasks 
so many dead birdies on the sidewalk today. learning to fly, but waterlogged? 
so many dishes, fuck that  seriously, im investing in paper plates!!
so many frigging cute summer dresses that I want, but don't need 
one day of exams down five more to goo 
One day of gcse's to go! Then it's pizza for me and my friends we don't go out much we're a bit sad! 
one day off this week was not enough  5 more days of work till the weekend. This is depressing!
one day she'll realize how cruel she's been 
One day to go! wish i was finishing with the majority today 
One day to the canal festival http://tinyurl.com/o349hv Just been let down by the photographer 
One day we'll just get back to teaching cool stuff instead of constant failing testing rituals http://tinyurl.com/mdxxpu Until then: 
One day, I will stop believing that people might ever actually MEAN what they say to me?! Remind me why I bother? 
One dollar bills are decieving 
One door on. Woop. Another to go - this may take a while. I have very little energy left in my arms. 
one double down. one to go! I hope tomorrow ends up being better than today 
One down three more to go  gosh..
One down. Three others to go 
One down... One more to go for the day.  Finals suck 
One downside of the nice weather: It brings of the chavs... 
One exam done, one more to go. Dropped by my journalism class to say goodbye! Im gunna miss journalism 
One exam down. I'm glad that ones over. Now only 4 left to do booooo!!!!  revision starts again in 1 1/2 hours
one exam left arghh last bit of revising, fun fun fun 
One final bounce and goodbye to Jon and Tory, then back home 
One final done...just two more to go  
one final down. Only four more to go 
One fish died...  working in office on a saturday...
So many great leaks lately and I won't have time to listen to any of it. 
so many haters tonight and no new subs  What am I doing wrong?
so many homework! 
So many ideas for my book. No laptop to type them on 
So many kids being kidnapped. WHY 
So many missing pets signs it makes me sad. I want to find them. 
So many movies I wanna see, but no one to go with! Also, I am broke 
So many movies I want to see! But I have to study.... 
So many new followers from #followfriday! Welcome everyone! usually I send a message to each, but was on deadline yesterday. 
so many new ppol. want ye old crew back. 
so many of my friends left today on birthright 
So many of the $5 #Threadless Tees sizes are already sold out. 
So many of you had bad days today. I'm sorry.  (Also, thank you Facebook people for the many birthday wishes from yesterday.  )
SO MANY OUTFIT IDEA'S - it always, ALWAYS happens when i dont have anywhere to go 
So many papers to sign, and no signature....my Fruitloops are soggy now 
so many people are emailing/ asking for office hours. can't they just study on their own ugh 
So many people are graduating, its so amazing. I feel so young 
so many people are leaving but going BACK to school 2mmarow will be super hard 
So many piercings I want... so little monies I have 
so many plans to be made 
so many sleepless hours in the night. what gives? I slept well until 3:30am and here I am awake still at 4:54am. 
so many social networks to keep up with... i've been neglecting my Twitter 
So many things 2 do.......... so little time to do it all 
So many things i should have updated over the weekend be didn't.  sorry all 5 of you watching... Lol.
so many things not right with this story  -&gt; [http://bit.ly/lgkxT ] #fb
so many things that I didn't want to say  now... all know
So many things to be done this week! Damn.. Hectic! I need a break.. Take me to Baliiiiii please... 
So many things to buy, so little money..... Screw expensive transport costs  moneygrubbing companies - http://tweet.sg
so many things to do 
So many things to do so little time 
one half of gillian's great plans has gone kaput. the second half might as well. 
One hell of a day this promises to be... and I'm already sleepy 
one hour down 
One hour in and the dog has puked, hope this is a one time thing. Just realized I brought him food but no dishes 
one hour late-bad plumbers  http://tinyurl.com/dffgdn
One hour left...why am I in the office so late?!?!? Not too excited about coming in tomorrow too 
One hour on the computer then out into the sunshine, it may be the only day for a week that we will have sun 
one hour till the MSFT E3 conference, I want it to be 1 already 
one hour to go at work then weekeind 
One hour to go. Revision revision revision. Not going as well as C3 revision went 
one huge final today!  not looking forward to 3pm. morning coffee, shower, then STUDY STUDY STUDY!
One In The Same - &lt;3 it! Can't wait for saturday! (cant watch it on friday  )
One is Bored with nothing to do 
one is eating many flapjacks. have heard they cure all ails and I need that today 
One is not supposed to have a headache on a Friday. That's just not right. 
one is obviously going to be very grumpy in the morning...great!!! 
One Key Skills task down, two more to go. Blah. 
one last day until the big day. sad to be leaving my mounties 
One last meeting this evening and then tomorrow packing for the trip back to Ottawa. Vacation almost over 
one last picture from this desk at this angle at this house.  http://tinyurl.com/mmcbzl
One last Sirius comment. I wonder how many calls to the show tomorrow will be complaints about the Sirius app. I hope a lot. Really lame. 
one last thing: you know the high pitch sound electronics make when they're on? I can always hear it but I need the tv to help me sleep. 
so many things to do today, like tanning and study at the same time all while doing my washing  impossible!
so many things to do, so little time. i need a big hug 
so many things to do, so little time. sigh! 
So many things to do. So little time 
So many things to get and not enough time! I don't want bogue to be inside ALL day but no dogs at fairgrounds 
So many things todo 
so many twitter clients, so few im clients 
So many wanna see films this week... and I'm flat broke... hahahay... 
so many weeks of nothing, now i have multiple invitations for sat. which do i choose? 
so mayb working sat afternoon is not so bad i got to sleep late n wake up late. i just dont want to spend my saturday afternoon at work 
So maybe I'm the one who's messed up. Maybe you are. All I know is soon enough this has got to end. 
so missing my family, they in fiji without me  ugh....but than my baby is coming home this weekend! woohoo!!!
so missing out on Long Beach Pride... and i'm sad about it 
so msn just beat simon and i at uno, not impressed!  least i can beat simon at every other msn game! 2 days til he is here!
So much art work to do...its ridiculous! Last day of holidays, then back to school 
So much drama happened today that I can't explain it in 140 characters. 
So much easier finding the label but so much harder finding the love 
so much for &quot;getting over it all&quot;... took three huge steps backwards today 
So much for a 'happy' aniversary 
So much for a kidless date...shouldn't have gotten my hopes up I guess. *sigh* 
So much for a relaxing bath! This bath is not meant for the broad shouldered! Now my backs even worse 
one leg fucked up scar aahh, the other, giant ass bruisee , 
One long week... and if only it was over. 
One moment ure happy, next moment NOT!!!    lost all mood already..
one month ago i was the most happiest person.. n now.. ijustwannadie 
one month... imissusofuckingmuch  &lt;3
One more Angel in Heaven. 
One more cup of tea and then I need to make my way to N1 City 
One more dance left  then out 2 eat with my family cuz there awsome 4 comin 2 it!!!
One more day and I still don't know what to say 
One more day of fun in the sun then it's back to reality 
One more day of holidays 
One more day of my holiday 
one more day of school! So happy, but sad at the same time 
one more day of vacation 
one more day off...back to work on Tuesday...gettin' the &quot;finished-with-vacation-going-back-to-real-world&quot; blues... 
One more day with my mom! Such a good trip, wish she didnt have to leave tomorrow 
One more day... 
one more day..... 
one more episode left before the season ends. 
One more episode of Newlyweds. It makes me so depressed. I really wish Nick and Jessica were still together.   Sleeep.
one more exam today 
so much for a sleep in 
so much for being happy today 
So much for being on the casualties guest list tonight.  spencer told me he had me
so much for clearing through my to do list, I've spent all my time since on something that wasn't on my to do list to start with!! 
so much for curling my hair on a windy day. 
So much for doing anything with my hair today... It will just go POOF ... Guess I'm tying it back! 
So much for doing stuff today. I am crampy. Period day. I don't feel good 
So much for even getting ready this morning, i thought i was going somewhere today but i guess not. Today sucks. 
So much for exercising and dieting... My vacation is next week!! 
so much for getting $8000 for buying a house  this year...its only for those who haven't owned a home within the past 3 yrs 
So much for getting to bed at a decent hour 
so much for going home first before meeting @danielloo 
so much for going out 
So much for going out  errz. All good. Quality time with the cousins
So much for going swimming 
So much for going to watch ST movie. Ended going back to bed for nap cause I've been feeling so bad 
So much for going.......... 
So much for hanging out at the playground...the very nice police man kicked us out 
So much for having a fun day off at the Brewer game... at home, sick 
so much for having a good birthday...so much is ging on ppl forgot 
So much for just an oil change... Do not pass Go, do not collect $200, lose $160 
So much for my detox - finished a bottle of OBS  &amp; I still can't sleep... damn you Air france....
so much for my dream to have a bull mastiff pup; been told that dogs are bad for  new born babies  
so much for my productive day waking up sick is no fun 
So much for not smoking 
So much for Notifications in Facebook...just clicked on the icon and had like 30 notifications.  Didn't even know about then...FB Fail 
So much for our day to sleep in! Fire alarm went off at the hotel this morning.  Someone cooked something too long in the microwave-FAIL!
So much for painting I now have to shift over to web dev for the day... bummer 
So much for presenting history. Work tonight! 
So much for relaxing in my hammock on this beautiful day. Something ate it. 
So much for replacing my TomTom!  #iphone
So much for Rubens' win 
So much for sleeping in 
so much for sleeping in this morning 
So much for sunbathing... clouds came over. boo 
so much for taking a nap.....ugh....little kid staying with us is loud with high pitched voice 
So much for that nap 
so much for the black cherry.. it didnt work 
so much for the boys camping out back 
So much for the movies at midnight. I guess ill see it some other day. 
one more hour at work then home to record show #14.  been so boring today 
one more hour of being 16 yrs old  ur only 16 once.. and that went quick as.
One more hour of painting and I'm done, for today anyway. I let my mini roller dry out &amp; it's making a right hash of rolling now 
one more left...so close, so tired, so cold I desperately want to turn the heater on but if I do, I'm falling straight back to sleep 
one more night in portland... then back to texas 
one more night with youu 
one more show down.....0 to go 
One more sneeze and I think my nose will fall off 
one more so cloooooseeeeeeee, then a week off, then summer school 
one more time i have to say that, he is the REASON for the teardrops on my guitar ... but this time... is not like the others.. 
One more time up north and back. All alone  at least I have the BEP cd
one more week left in winchester 
one more! #FF @PitBullChat how could I forget them!? More to come later, gotta get some work done! 
one nice bit of upgrade though is that Avant under Metacity is actually pretty slick even if I can't run compiz any more 
one night I sleep amazingly and the next I'm up till daylight.  Ugh.
one of Dustin's dogs had to be put down today 
one of mine my B.com(Graduation) exam and CA(Chartered accountancy ) exam are clashing..which one to choose..i am confused...    
so much for the pool! It's dark as night outside 
So much for the sunny day I was counting on...  #fb
So much for twittering 
So much for ubuntu on my laptop. Do an update and now it does not boot the gui only command line works no idea what exactly broke 
So much for working on my disc golf technique. I didn't do so well today. 
so much fun at the wedding!  the dj played Unforgettable *they played it at grammas wake* jon and i danced to it while i cried 
So much going on =/ my friends at school got in a fight and are not friends anymore and i barely see one of my friends anymore 
so much homework that neeeeeds to get done! 
So much homework to do today 
so much hw!  omgosh whyyyyyyyyyy??? dont want to do it. so tired need a power nap!
So much new music but no laptop to put it on       also, I can't wait ten days to start having adventures again.
So much nice weather I'm missing out on 
So much of traffic 
so much pain   im sick of taking pills - especially since it hurts to swallow
so much pain and discomfort. i want my mommy 
So much rain! Don't want to go outside 
So much research so little time! 
so much sad on the news today - heart to all. 
so much stuff to put away so much stuff 
So much things this week... I had a small incident doing the opening of the 5th show  my face is hurt!
So much to and and I am freeking ouY I have to move my mother for May 1st I have to study 4 chapters for next thursday exam 
So much to do and I can't get out of bed.  http://myloc.me/1o3J
So much to do and I only have 2 hands, weee... 
So much to do and nobody to do it with...sigh  *Austilicious*
So much to do its crazy. Mikes game was cancelled today. 
So much to do today but so tired! 
So much to do today.. ugh. Send help.. 
One of my best friend caught the swine flu.  I hope he gets well soon!
One of my best friends gave birth 2 weeks ago &amp; had a lunch w/2 other great friends. W/c I had to miss  One NEEDS these girls' lunches
One of my cats is in the vet hospital... 
one of my cat's is sick 
One of my cousins might have swine flu  I'm on my way to the airport to go home! Can't wait to see Drew.
One of my desk clerks just asked me who John Wayne was. I feel so old right now. 
One of my directors from Aladdin said I looked like Rachel McAdams but she and my mom are the only ones who think so.  I don't think so. 
One of my dogs died this afternoon  I'm heartbroken.
one of my dogs went missing. 
one of my ear phones broke 
one of my eyes looks smaller than the other today thanks to HAY FEVER! 
One of my favourite bloggers has unfollowed me  Worse, I'm now being followed by that 'Tweety Chick' sod from the ringtone adverts. Balls.
one of my fears is finding worms/bugs while i'm sifting flour, about to make a cake 
One of my few days off and I haven't actually left my bed...oh and the seagulls keep coming back 
One of my fish committed suicide 
one of my fishes died 
One of my fishies died 
One of my followers has left ... 
one of my followers just left me, my day could not be wrose! 
One of my followers thought i was a boy. He said i write like a boy. 
one of my friend just bbm me and called my fat.  he lucky i don't know what base he station at
one of my friends put an ad for me on craigslist casual encounters  he put my number right on the page... :double frown:
One of my life goals is to see a real play. I have free tix for chicago tonight at the lyric, someone please go with me?  goodmorning.
One of my little neon fishies died     and was given a lovely funeral in a houseplant.
so much to do today...should get strarted 
So much to do.  I don't know where I should start 
So much to do. So little time to do it 
so much to do... don't know where to start 
So much to do... even if I don't want to 
So much to do...and so little time... 
So much to do-the list never seems to end.......GAH!!! 
So much to install on a new computer and so little time to enjoy it 
So much work  But call of duty wants me more!
SO MUCH WORK ! 
so much work to do 
So much work to do and this project is something i really don't want to rush! 
So much work to do... 
SO MUCH WORK! 
So much work, so little time 
so much work...Bye bye Twitter for today...   xoxo
so much yarn, so little time 
So muchhhh work...studyyyyystudy 
So my 10-y-o's blog is less than 12 hours old and someone already scooped his content. Nice. 
So my 2001 Honda Civic is having car trouble again.  When the engine block is glowing red because of heat is not good.
So my back is practically broken.. Im getting old  Lol! I think I might take it easy tonight, going to bed now..ish? Yeaaah.. sounds nice.
so my BB is done @Toyboxx hooked me up with a Iphone untIl I get a new phone tomorrow..so no bbm,twitterberry or bb email for another day 
so my brother is goin to have his surgery on the 25th. this better work out like its supposed to 
So my dad kicked me out of the drivers seat cause it's raining too hard  Oh well, now I can tweet everything I see!!! Bird!!!
So my dads just told me I'm a dissapointment. Are people just purposefully trying to make me feel like shit these days? 
so my dads really trying to rope me in. preparing a large incentive package in order to make me come home for school. ughhh 
So my daughter's iBook isnt fixed after all. She has a 3rd party hard drive &amp; apple wont replace it. Now I have 2 get it fixed elsewhere 
So my father passed away last week 
so my ginger guinea pig died  mega sadness in the house right now
So my good mood just died 
So my hairs big big and curly how the boys and girls like. Dashing divas appt @8am, sux they dnt serve martinis in the morning  gnye!
One of my new friends just left 
one of my pet rats died 
One of my poor dogs just got back from pre-surgery stuff...she's all drugged up  Off to watch Kyle's bball game.
one of my rabbits babies drowned 
One of my rare splurges: I bought a lowerpro camera bag today! Only because my current one broke 
one of my really good friends is losing their mind today....god rest her soul 
One of my regulars has turned way too obsessive. It's making me feel really uncomfortable. 
one of my site is labeled: 'This site may harm your computer'  by Google 
one of my speakers is broke 
One of my students broke one of my nails today  It hurt soooooooo  bad!!!
one of my teachers just died!! 
one of my thumb nails broke 
one of my vendors just pissed me off  what happened to common sense?
One of my weird dreams came true and that was cool.  Nothing scarey about that dream, but that elevator dream was creepy.  
one of my younger sisters from out of town has been here for almost a week and I've seen her for less than an hour. She leaves tomorrow. 
One of our colleagues in Yahoo! SEA is in quarantine for H1N1 virus  This sucks
One of our doggies had an accident in his box last night, so I lit some incense. Now the house smells like poo scented incense. 
One of the *many* things I didn't get to this weekend? Prepping a lightening talk for tonight's ruby brigade mtg.  Maybe next month. #CRB
One of the best dinners ever tonight at The House with @bbalfour. Bittersweet considering the visit is coming to an end 
one of the best weekends is about to end 
One of the customers at my moms work thought i was 14 years old 
one of the days .. when you can't seem to focus on anything 
One of the District line trains is buggered at Gloucester Road going to Wimbledon. Something about the doors not locking closed 
so my iPod froze, and i have a 3 hour drive tomorrow 
so my laptop got infected by a virus tonight... the 'T' virus...it's not looking to good for either of us  *is sad
So my legs twitching......I don't think that's a good thing 
so my mac charger was a few days out of warrantee and i had to buy another one. 75 bucks 
So my mom comes in my room and asks me if I'm awake... Well I am now, thanks a lot MOM! 
so my mom decided i cant go to amelias grad party? thats cool. 
so my mom took all the pictures off the computer &gt;:/ i guess no new twitter picture todayy 
So my mum is in the states and i want her to bring stuff back for me, but the only stuff i can think of is junk food.  Ideas?
so my name was carved into a counter. it was misspelled. even worse, the other person mentioned in the carving decided to decimate it. 
so my national team lose 4-0 with brazil, I don't really care I don't wanna see this team on the world cup 
so my new bed wont fit up the stairs into my room 
So my new iPhone 3Gs already had a little scratch on the screen!!! 
So my phone definitely just died and my charger isn't working.  Off to an AT&amp;T or Apple store tomorrow then?
so my phone is officialy shut off  but it will be turned back on either sunday or monday yay! 
So my phone randomly doesn't want to tell me the time anymore? Okay. By the way, computer is broken. 
so my sister is livid that we got in to rehearsal today  it was sheer luck! the day i rush out the door &amp; don't put much effort into
SO MY SWEETEST i have to go - PC IS GOING OFF IN 2 minutes  SEE U AGAIN TOMORROW
So my teacher isn't here yet 
So my truck broke down last week and I am sad to announce Dora will need to find a new home  She will be missed.  http://twitpic.com/6v5ck
So my tweets are going through, I'm just not getting any tweets on my phone. Major fail.  Hope I'm not missing anything interesting.
So near yet so far 
So near yet so far. 
so nearly finished my college work but i proper cbaaa 
So nervous about the new computer. It feels like a blind date. I want my baby back ;_; I'm lonely 
so nervous for all my exams next week 
so new to twitter! 
So nice out! Really wish I went camping this weekend! 
So nice out. But gotta work. 
one of the fatties on The Biggest Loser final weighs less than I do 
one of the few days that seeing pretty girls makes me a very sad panda 
One of the great things about teaching is that soon I'll leave office politics until mid-August. Still doesn't make up for the low pay! 
One of the hardest thing with this schedule, no one I can chat with at the end of my day usually 
One of the machines took my money!!! 
one of the mainstage shows at nationals is boys next door.  that could have been us.
One of the most emotionally tough nights of my life I'm wearing thin  I hope this time its for real god knows I need it to be ...
One of the parties was full of sleazy dudes, feeling really lightheaded after one drink and not loving it 
One of the puppies died. 
One of the pups is sick ... Dev, Princess, Spooky, Shadow or Little Mamas. Probably Little Mamas (Pregnant?) but it's a clean-up night 
One of the reasons I miss living in NY. Brooklyn Hiphop festival today. Had I known about this, I woulda scheduled my flight 4 this wknd 
one of the reasons why i like school is that i dont have to see my mom. now its half day, i see her. damn 
one of the strangest things just happened to me. O_o + my tummy hurts 
One of the upland high graduates walked and then had a ceizure.... People said she died  sad story!
One of the vehicles on Service 13 has suffered a mechanical problem at Bathford. Engineers on way. Apologies for any delays 
one of the vets decided to keep the pirate chinchilla after they already asked me to adopt it, I bought a cage and everything, fuck  
One of the weird things I miss about Windows is the &quot;scandisk&quot; and &quot;defreag&quot; programs. Linux doesn't need them. 
One of the worst day ... 
One of the worst points of my life begins Monday 
One of them is lying to me. i really wish i knew who.but i never know who to believe anymore. 
one of them stop following me 
One of these days I might make an entire week without being totally fucked over by a TV scheduler somewhere. Not this week, though. 
One of these times I'm going to have the self-awareness NOT to ask one of the principle mourners at a wake how they're doing. 
one of those day again..feeling restless 
One of those days I wish I was a Sphynx, this fur coat is too much, lying with mum's mum on her bed, coolest in the house, still too hot 
One of those days... My phone only seems to ring when I leave my office.  I keep having to return calls. 
One of those rainy days in chicago..I wanna stay in bed all day 
One of those rare moment when i wish i had a man. Need somebody to bring me some vick's vapo rub 
One one of the soloists reminds me of Scarlet Johansen. If you know Scarlet Johansens music, you know what I man. I mean, what I mean... 
So no Behemoth today,  ...not waiting over an hour in line...FML
so no bowling and trav had a really bad day.  watchin a movie at his place..
So no Jackson 5  mom wants to watch Pirates of the Carribean ... hopelovepeace
So no joke. We're all sleeping in 1 big room &amp; a guy brought ear plugs for everyone cuz he snores so loud. Its like a snoring chorus. 
So no-one is coming with me  Damn..
So not a fan of pain!!! 
So not cool I have a frikken pimple  that is sooo not cute! I really need to buy more of the nutrogena the wave pad things 
So not excited for School                
So not feeling good.. 
So not feeling well today 
So not going to school today, been having a rough week 
So not happy about the fight. 
So not in the Indian ocean any more 
so not in the mood 
so not in the mood to go to work, but i guess it's gotta be done 
so not in the mood to wake up this early 
So not lookin' forward to tmrw 
So not looking forward to @lindsohara moving to DC for the summer 
SO not looking forward to school tomorrow,, 
So not looking forward to this &quot;life&quot; talk tonight!! 
So not only have I never seen majority of the movies nominated, but also the TV shows 
So not ready to go back to work this week!  Not looking forward to the morning
so not ready to go to work or even go to war... war really sux but I guess if the powers that be want it its my job 
So not wanton to work tonight  
so now i dont get my car back til monday. boooo 
So now I'm back, with a bad head ache think I'm coming down with the cold my sister &amp; mum has  can't be bothered to revise but I have too!
So now I'm eating a pickle....Its just not the same. 
so now i'm going on over 24 hours with no sleeep. wtf man, i'm so sick of this  i can't wait to get home and sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep&lt;3
one out of 17 aint bad  
one page away from freedom... 
one part of the final translation exams behind us. That was tough  One more part today, 10:00 AM.
One peanut butter &amp; chocolate cupcake eaten last night... the raspberry one eaten this morning. There's not many left now 
one quick chai and then off to bed .. early start 4.45am 
One reason I'm looking forward to the new phone too... although I'll likely wait will I'm eligible  Hopefully... re: http://ff.im/4c2Y1
One reason the printer wouldn't work: I had accidentally plugged the USB port into a phone outlet :/ Now if it only recognized paper.. 
one scooter wala hit me today at 17 lights 
one show down, three to go. the last weekend of ishine live for the spring 09 tour 
One small step for GM, One GIANT leap away from the USA that many men have died for in creating and maintaining a free, capitalist nation 
One step at a time, there's no need to rush... &lt;3 If only Jordin Sparks was right  Stuck doin history and Home Ec C/W at midnight! Sucks!
One thing I hate is filing but guess what I'm doing worst 
One thing i just cant tolerate-Ppl addressing me as 'Madam'.Sumtimes i turn arnd n luk if they're callin sum1 else.It happens so often nw 
One thing I Miss the most is MY OFFICE, My creative space... my little things, my postits, my colorful bk, now I feel like in a cubicle! 
One thing more I think I'm on a wrong place on earth for twitter  naja ;)
One thing was our song .... After 5 years it only took a week to break it all  where is the love and forgiving and love will concu
One think #Seesmic doesn't seem to have is the buzzing right now column. 
One time I swimming into a river of poop. It wasn't mine either. 
one titleholder out..  | nadal.. please win http://plurk.com/p/xfp8l
One Tree Hill is going to kill me tomorrow! I just know it  #oth
one tree hill withdrawls  ugh. * Meghan Rose *
One tweet today. Have bad headache  Awesome seeing Kevin. Had a great night. Things are good for now. Time for sleep. Bye.
one WAY too short trim to break the two month haircut-free streak 
One weak of school, then i´m free. For 10 days  
one week ago I was in heaven 
one week ago I was trying to kill the hours left to see Oasis, now.. i got only memories  but good ones, the best ones. 
so now i'm just sitting outside my hostel in the cold and it's sprinkling and all wet.  i have such shitty luck!
So now im sitting at tempe marketplace with alejandraband gilbert &amp; they're not talking about me. just tweeting stuff about me 
so now I'm waiting for it to finish syncing to see how much damage has been done. 
So now it is time to go to the funeral home for my great aunt Bobbie's visitation ... i hate funeral homes 
So now its sunny! But where is the sun during mid-summer festivities  Forecast says rain for friday day.
so now that I actually have time to check Twitter online ~ it's down for maintenance 
so now that i've washed my face and actually prepared myself for bed im wide awake and hungry 
So now that the New Moon filming is done and whatnot - means theres gunna be bugger all news till Eclipse starts filming?  noo i need news
So now twitter is a fireable website even if I am on break.  Damn the man with stupid internets policies
So now with the change left over, I will treat myself to a BK chicken sandwich. If only Fe Fe could call me 
so off topic, does anyone know how to treat fin loss on their fishes?  Mine is almost finless and its depressing me 
So official. YOU SHOULD BE THERE WITH US. SEEING MY OUTFIT IN PERSON 
So okayy.. I finally did Math. Soo boring on a day like this. I also have to do my Greek homework 
So on the elevator at the hotel i pushed 4. Our room is on 2. I miss fourth back. 
So one more week, that means 7 DAYS b4 till my Hubby comes home from IRAQ and such as.. he's home for 2 weeks.... Yeah!!! I'm calling in 
so one of my fav cosmetics, sabon, is launching a new organic line and is celebrating it next week in NYC so sad I cant go 
so our apartment just flooded.... the washer wouldn't stop filling up and i was in the other room for that 30 minutes... water everywhere 
So over cleaning. But clean we must. 
so over my bc rich warlock, @IbanezGuitars really love the hell out of my #Ibanez rg7321, wish i could afford the 8 string models 
so over this. fuck 
So over tired! 2 hours of sleep isnt cutting it today twitter land 
so over work  what a bad day!!!
one week down. 4 more days to go. im so tired boo 
One week has gone... 
One week left at my job!  I'm very sad!
One week of school till holidays  Not going anywhre tho 
one week of summer left.  before i start summer school.  yay. 
one will be happier doing one's fav jobs, but too bad. 
One wonders why Broad didn't come in earlier? Now for more rain 
one wonders why peepsinsist on bringing squealling kids on the quiet carriage 
One word to desribe me at the present..furious!  
one word: exhausted.  i swear to god my back has broken or somthing. I am in absolute AGONY. worst pain i've ever felt.
One would hope they are fond of my products, but I don't think this is why they are following me. 
one year since I met matt corby 
one years gone by so fast..i miss you gramps  r.i.p&lt;3
one. i HATE uta rent-a-cops. two. microbiology sucks. three. i'm probably going to do terrible on this exam 
One-fifth of the world's population can't see the Milky Way  http://is.gd/12DHj Come to think of it, I don't know if I've ever seen it 
One-piece shopping for hell. 
ONION IN MY FOOD EEWWWIIEEE  i thought it was chicken LOL
Online again. Am in Scandinavian wilderness. Got a dongle modem for a week with 2 gig of traffic for £12. Edge speed only though 
so overwhelmed 
so overworked. not funny 
So pacquiao was supposed to do the opening pitch at the dodger game on weds but he's not going to end up being there  I still want a shirt
So physical therapy 
So pissed @autotask ... just took about 15 minutes to detail my task and the dam application logged me out, losing my edits 
So pissed and sad the Cavs lost &amp; I didn't even get to watch the game. 
So pissed I had to get rid of my $2 bill 
So pissed off- i do so much for her ad she jst chucks it back in my face :@:@:@ argghhhhh so bloody angry-and its 1st day back 
So pissed. 20 CDs full of music that won't copy. My music is my life. Bah! Wth?! Moy sad. Its like losing 20 kids.    
So please don't wear masks, and tell as much people as you know 
so pooped! crazy work day 
So proud of all of my kiddies....They are growing up way too fast 
so proud! did a good job applying sunblock constantly, so patrick &amp; i barely have a sunburn! And my boy has no hair 
So psyched about #e3, shame I won't be able to see live coverage 
so quite in here  saw somthing tweeters..CMON!
so ragin thats its so warm and om stuck in a call centre till 6 oclock 
so rainy  its the last day of vacation.. i get to see my friends again.. but i don't like waking up soooo early..
So rainy, wish I was outside filming 
so ready for a run but it is raining 
online bankovnictv� KB je offline zrovna kdy� je to nejv�c pot?eba  �lak m? tref�, grrr
online for like 4 mins, about to go to bedd. 
online friends on myspace : 0 
Online law lectures 
Online PR Versus Internet Marketing!!!! Guess MBA classes never had a lecture on this 
Online shopping is such a money eater. 
online! im so busy with exams that i have like no time to be on the computer 
onlinewaaah! imcleaningupmylaptopwithmyminivaccum... thespacebarisn'tworking... see?... well, gudnyt.... i should be up by 4am! 
Only $35 left in my bank account. I am a very sad panda. 
Only 1 hour 50 minutes left of work  Better get back to it then 
Only 1 more month and 19 more days.       NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!     
only 1 pack of cheese n onion crisps left...this is not good 
ONLY 1 thing sucks about holidays: worrying about pets. Cats will be tgthr @ &quot;cat resort&quot; but Jonesy won't have much company @ dad-in-law 
Only 10 left in my building 
Only 11 Followers  i need moreeeee.
only 11 hours till im back at work 
only 12 lettrs painted    but i DID watch Dan In Real Life for 13th time..2am now &amp; pillow is calling from 2 floors up..must leave dungeon
So ready to cram a year's worth of physics into his head... 
So ready to get off! I've never been this bored 
so ready to go home 
So ready to go to bed after a long day especially with our snake adventure!  *j~mac*&lt;55&gt;
So restless! Need 2 get some sleep, on a flippin double at work 2morrow 
So restless. Ive been laying here for 2 hours and cant sleep. Do you know how much that can add to a girls stress load? 
so rico just left to head back to philly i didnt cry like i thought i would it will hit me later   
So rico leavin today is hittin me now and i cant stop cryin.. Ugh!!! I @ guess i am gonna miss him.. 
So right now im setting up for a client meeting! some of these lawyers are so snobbing especially partners! EHH!! another day 
So Roger Federer pretty much just cemented himself as the GOAT. Everything else after this is just cake. Sampras 
so rylee,grace...wana go steve's party or not?? SADLY SINCE ITS EASTER I WNT B ABLE 2 DO MUCH  BUT OHH WELL.....
so sad   http://bit.ly/CRANg  via @addthis
So sad  @dmoorepoetic said I will never use this stuff in the real world 
so sad  can´t go @metrostation concert in munich. because it´s my sister 18th birthday and i have to celebrate with her.
So sad  going back to wack as jersey 
So sad  I was stood up in San Diego. Im supposed to be out at the clubs. Tonight sure is gay (((
So sad  just found out my favorite clothing line is closing
So sad  losing and no one to drink with in Vegas!!!!!I wish my homie franky were here He would drink with me!!FML
So sad  MLB &gt;&gt; Greinke's long homerless streak ends http://kl.am/yMq (via @RoyalsMLB)
So sad about Air France flight ... i still want to hold out hope though that they find someone alive even though i know it isn't possible 
So sad about David Cook's brother.  My heart and prayers go out to him and his family.
So sad about Ed McMahon...may he Rest Peacefully 
so sad about farrah fawcett. rip  
So sad about Farrah Fawcett...prayers to all her family and friends. 
So sad about Farrah. Praying isn't in my vocabulary, but thinking of her, her partner, son and family   http://twitpic.com/8duye
so sad about jon and kate 
so sad about jon and kate!!! i feel like someone from my own family got divorced 
So sad about the Air France flight...  
so sad about the Dallas Cowboys- 
So sad about the magics  oh wells they tried...
so sad about the metro crash 
So sad about the missing Air France plane. 
So sad about the whales being shot in kommetjie 
So sad ahkhun is leaving. I told him it wont b e same anymore &amp; he said things dat made me even more sad.  - http://tweet.sg
Only 12 minutes to go. May as well go to bed 
Only 120 plays! and can't add it to my page  damnnnnn.
Only 18 mins left !!! 
only 2 days left at home  ... then back to delhi..
Only 2 days left of Jay Leno. 
Only 2 exams to go... Better get revising, genetics is the only module that is as hard as it sounds  But this time next week... PERU !!!
only 2 more games left in my lacrosse season 
Only 2 more nights in paradise  can't wait to get home and see Ashley and my sister!
Only 2 new logos 
only 2 things have been good today, my manch tix have arrived &amp; i actually revised successfully. 
onlY 2 wEeKs  - wIlL hAvE a tEst 2 grAdUatE mY sEcOndAry schOol  wIsh mE gU lUcK !!!!! (hAizZ....tEst = tOo nErvOus)!!!!!!
only 2.5 days left in california  then to virginia and then PRAGUE for 2 weeks and a week of england!!!
only 25 followers    follow me! goodnight =D
only 3 days of school left!!!       party in bio with ice cream and tanners brownies!!  MMMMMMM &amp; applebee pond picnic!!  D 
only 3 hours sleep andnow feel sick  party was good though 
Only 3 hours until the iPhone 3.0 software comes out! However I have a lesson in an hour and a half, wont get back until 4 hours from now 
only 3 hrs before work and yet i cant sleep... 
Only 3 hrs of sleep 
Only 3 more days of Jeff Booth on Sunrise  
only 3 seats available in the flight. it seems today I'm not going to Brazil 
only 3 weeks left in london 
So sad bout chuck 
So sad Ed McMahon passed...    I'll be thinking of the Johnny Carson Show all day.
So sad for all the Australian blockheads   Wonder if that means @NKOTB will be playing @virginmobilecan in Calgary?!?!?!  Any word yet??
So sad for Jon and Kate plus Eight.    Bless their heart.
so sad for jon&amp;kate.  it really is sad. as i sit here dealing with my own family drama.
So sad for the Freeman Family...lots of prayers going up for them 
So sad hearing about the Air France flight that's missing 
so sad her best friend will be in Paris for an entire month 
so sad i 4got 2 dvr True Blood 
so sad i 4got 2 dvr True Blood  http://bit.ly/SzBMw
so sad i can't watch the season 2 of True blood tonight.. 
so sad I couldn't get my text into radio one. My life would have been complete if I could have gotten a shoutout from Tom and Danny. 
So sad I didn't have my camera while it was burning. 
So sad I have to leave. Love you all 
So sad I just found out Dane Cook will be doing a show in San Jose tomorrow 
So sad I'm missing the brocantes in my 'hood. 
So sad I'm missing the Lakers game toniiight 
So sad I'm missing the marathon  Miss you guys!
so sad its nearly over 
So sad it's raining outside *tear* 
So sad kirstie couldn't dgt!  Maybe next time!
So sad lauren is leaving the hills 
So sad liat keponakan muntah2,,pdhl lg main smbl ntn tv.. Kaciaaannn 
So sad my color snakk couldnt be here 
so sad no drugs no hugs no thugs selling rugs no mugs just jugs no butterflies just bugs no poodles just pugs no converse only uggs 
So sad no more Jon and Kate plus 8  I loved that show last year Girls Next Door was over what next?
So sad pittsburgh  I loved sid the kid
So sad proms over  gonna miss everyone!!!!
so sad season finale of big bng theroy tomoro 
So sad that Ed McMahon has passed away 
so sad that I am shooting a wedding today instead of staying home to take care of my boy, he is in so much pain 
So sad that I can't figure out my computer audio problems.  I guess it's computer doctor time  rats.
So sad that I didn't have a &quot;Klingons DO IT with honor&quot; shirt to wear to Star Trek yesterday. 
So sad that I ruined dinner tonight. Frick, I should have read the label more carefully. 
So sad that my Polaroid camera is spoilt and I need to get a new one. I live my polaroid camera!!! 
so sad that oklahoma is over. 
so sad that she can't steal one of her aunt's three week old kittens.. 
So sad that the bamboo cloth I was going to make napkins out of has a strange odor, especially when wet. Bummer 
so sad that the hills is overrr   and not excited for that stupidd bitch to be on the show next seasonnn,
Only 30 mins of laptop life left 
only 35 mins till Gavin on the late show but my eyes are getting so heavy..... 
Only 4 beers and Im doing the stanky leg. 
Only 4 followers   Follow me pleaseee.x
Only 4 more hours til I can go home and install 3.0. Feel free to enjoy copy and paste without me  #fb
only 4 of my 340 gmail contact use twitter 
Only 5 More days of schooll!! I'm gonna miss the seniors like crazyy 
only 5 more days till I leave 
Only 6 hours. =P Miss you girls. 
Only 6 think I'm a hot dad blogger...  http://bloggerschoiceawards.com/blogs/show/70033
only 7/300 online! not good 
only 9 am and i already feel like i'm going to stroke out. today is kicking my ass 
only 9 more ppl to 300 followers and none of &quot;those&quot; ones....  now &quot;they&quot; are gonna start showing up.  
Only a couple days left.. Damn I'm feeling it's gonna be baaaad. 
only a few days left! i feel sickly nervous 
so sad the  h i l l s  isn't on tonight  @racheljean1 (i guess i will study for math then?)
So sad the cardinals have lost 2 in a row 
so sad the Cavs lost 
So sad the flakers won 
So sad the lions lost   Too many penalties to the Boks.  Thrilled for Croft scoring twice - Roberts and O'Driscoll were outstanding.
So sad to have missed cakespy in Williamsburg today. Darn moving. 
so sad to have to change pediatricians after 9 years (the kids' whole lives).   
So sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
So sad to see @livin4urkisses and @kristenwacholz go!!! 
so sad to see danny gokey go 
So sad to see everyone moving out  Graduation parties off the wazoo today
so sad to see lauren leaving the hills 
So sad to see Phil come so close just to finish 2nd yet again.  
So sad to watch tonite Jon and Kate tonite, I feelin really bad for the kids. Hopefully they will find peace now 
so sad tomorrows the last day. 
So sad what happened to that plane. How scary would it have been for those people? 
So sad when my playlists don't fit - Baby has needed a new ipod for the longest time.. One that actually holds all my songs!!! 
so sad! Did you know: over 10,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows. 
So sad! I dont wanna leave 
SO SAD! Just found out I might not be able to go to @ddlovato 's concert on 6/29!! ...  I think I'm gonna go cry now...
so sad! my aero spree is cancelled 
So sad! This will make you cry http://bit.ly/5NMvY (via @PerezHilton) this really is so sad 
so sad!!! it's annoying! I read that lines, vines and trying times comes out on 26th June in Germany 
So sad, can't go mall with them. 
So sad, 'cause this could be the last tournament that Makiri wears Stella McCartney's (Adidas) clothes 
So sad, Iceland didn't won Eurovision 
so sad, my 12 yr old Chihuahua-Chocolate died last night 
so sad, over 40 whales beached themselves at Kommetjie. Even when they were helped back out to sea, they came back and beached again 
so sad, RIP Farrah Fawcett, the loveliest Charlie's Angel 
so sad.  flight is cancelled.
So sad. Brent Corrigan was here in Chicago and I missed him. 
So sad. Debris found in the Atlantic is not from Air France 447. Black box may never be found. 
so sad. everyone left. i miss my roomies. 
so sad. here i was thinking harry potter came out thius month... n i just saw a trailer that said july 15.. 
so sad. i don't want to leave my girl @tighten i miss you already 
So sad. I was just thinking about a patient and how we haven't seen her in a while and I just learned that she passed away last night 
So sad. Its Sunday night again. 
so sad. marian told me we could go see death cab but lied!!! &lt;/3 we'll be leaving that day. i'm so sad. 
So sad. They found Shane's body in the lake. May he rest in peace. 
