Ugh I hate washington weather! 
Ugh I hate when mosquitoes sneak attack me and I don't realize until I get inside. 
ugh i hate wisdom teeth 
Ugh- I hate working  someone help
Ugh I hate working on a Saturday 
Ugh I hate young female drivers I swear.... 
Ugh i hav a terrible headache 
ugh i have a cold  today was fun tho! hung out with @lovemocannon till 3:30 in the morning! lol wat a night!
ugh i have a feeling i won't be meeting demi and selena   mom is pissed off at my cell phone bill.
Ugh I have a headache now 
Ugh I have a hedache; I may be cheap, but fucking shit I still have class with how I roll 
Ugh I have a test today  I'm so not ready for 140s next period! I'm suuuuper tired.
ugh i have an exam tomorrow! 
Ugh i have the dentist at 10 
Ugh I have the worst headache  I'm sick of this!!
Ugh i have the worst headache and neck ache i need a massage 
ugh i have to get up earlier than usual 
Ugh i have to get up in 7 hours and im not even tired 
Ugh i have to take my choir final now 
Ugh i have to work on my project after school 
UGH I just can't figure out a color to make my logo &quot;name&quot; so you can see it - pink, white, and purple just don't work 
ugh I just don't know 
Ugh I just heard a skateboard. Reminds me of jon and back in the day.... Miss him 
Ugh i just lost my appetite 
ugh i keep crying at work. 
Ugh i keep thinking todays wednesday  work today!!   but going to pki thursday with op! 
Ugh I miss him. Fml. There goes my bonfire plans. I hate that he's gonna be done 
Ugh I need a ride to the hospital on tuesday  why is BUPA so far away from my house
ugh i need to go and DO something....summer is so boring.....sleep work sleep work.....eating occasionally....never really doing anything 
ugh i need to renew the fucking restraining order.  help.
ugh i put on these good clothes for nothing, and i feel like i have prior commitments on monday!  idk ill check my phone when i turn it on
Ugh I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow. I'm so sick right now 
Ugh i really dont wanna leave florida  its beautiful here and so are the people i met here too- absolutely amazing.
ugh i really don't want to go meet this dudes family. i wanna go train. blah for off days. i feel useless. 
Ugh i really just want to get up and leave 
ugh i really need physical therapy.. 
Ugh i see how it is  bye well im getting off my mom just took my telefono away :/
Ugh I sneezed &amp; now I have a real bad headache  Am I going to die now??  &lt;/3
Ugh I so don't want to go to work today 
Ugh I still don't have air con, and my new phone isn't connected yet 
ugh I still feel super duper sick...maybe I wont go out this weekend 
ugh i suck at drawing  Von tesee
ugh i suck at theater i wish i can just sing how i usually sing and then they would realize that im not bad 
Ugh I think I had but a half hour of sleep. I'm so bummed, last night was upsetting 
Ugh I think I'm sick.... 
ugh i think my allergies are acting up! 
Ugh i thought u said it goes directly to the person 
ugh i wanna change my page but i dnt kno how i want it to be  smh  hellp
Ugh I wanna dance right now. infact I would looove to be on stage right now soo bad. 
Ugh I wanna finish Ghostbusters but dont see having any time to play until sunday 
Ugh I wanna go back to bed 
ugh i wanna go back to sleeep  im sooo tireddd
Ugh I want lunch but there isn't anything in the house 
Ugh I want more sleep. 
Ugh I want my own island! 
ugh i want to go to bamboozle everyones going 
Ugh I washed my car and it's about to rain  hopefully it doesn't
Ugh I wish he would just be a man about it. 
ugh i wish i could afford to go see JB this summer. 
Ugh I wish I wasn't at work so I could get some moes right now 
ugh i wish it were friday 
ugh i wish things were back to normal 
Ugh i'm already at work! Have been up since 5.30, rubbish!  don't honestly know how the hell my dad does it every single day!
Ugh im at my grandmas again  no service
ugh im booored . i miss my boyfriend  i pissed him off earlier lmaoo .
ugh im crackin - sweet messages :| &quot;i cant live without you please baby, you mean everything to me&quot; why does he do this to me 
ugh im crying again  writing a rant about it on tumblr. 
ugh i'm going back to vickies tomorrow 
ugh im going to cry. i have to erase my ipod and sync it up to my laptop 
ugh im going to take a nap 
Ugh I'm hungover 
Ugh i'm in need of yogurt with mochi on top 
Ugh im in the middle of nowhere! And i still have 2 days of driving 
Ugh i'm late for work. Thanks to the Metro System. I really need a car 
Ugh im like freakin out right now.  im scared of wat could happen. And i hate how this is all keeping me from sleeping.
ugh im really upset about something!  don't know what to do!
Ugh I'm running a fever.. I don't have time to be sick 
Ugh I'm sick again!  I'm blaming it on my office....it's always FREZING in there.
ugh im sick and missing my kitty 
Ugh i'm sick plus this test on monday royally sucks. 
ugh im so bored and i havent been alone at night in like months and i realize now being along is very lonely 
ugh im so bored but i got like 100 new songs they cost like 60 bucks  but i was worth it
ugh im so bored.. 
ugh im so mad i missed jonas  hm, ill probs watch it on youtube hahah
UGH i'm so mad i missed the In the Heights thing last night!!!!!!! 
Ugh I'm so sore and tired and sunburned from golf  I got third :'( this sucks
Ugh i'm so tired 
ugh i'm so tired i don't wanna go to work.   Kathryn&lt;3
ugh I'm so tired now 
Ugh i'm soo tired... =[ can't sleep... &amp;&amp; i have 2 get up early n the mornin...  ugh...
Ugh im sooo sore from wii fit! 
Ugh im SOOOO sad.  i wanna have fun too
Ugh im soooo sorry about those stupid tweets guys!!!! I dont no how to stop them...plz help 
ugh im still not on summer break.....huh....im sad.... 
ugh im tired but cant fall asleep 
ugh im tired! me and sarah had to deal wit 3 hags from hell last night 
Ugh I'm trying to make my body move this early in the morning.....  got to get up...
ugh im tweeting spam stuff!  might have to close this acct and reopen one...ill keep u posted!
Ugh in bed AGAIN at 1230 
ugh in class!! let me change my keybord this one is old! 
ugh in cornwall.... i'm next to a road with no path.. brilliant four times i've nearly got hit 
ugh insomnia sucks. Even my shower hasn't woken me up like it usually does 
Ugh internet not working 
ugh iphone 3.0 not installing 
ugh is in school this morning 
ugh it sucks to be sick.  but i'm resting for my game on monday. woohoo. 
Ugh it's 6a.m I'm tired and I have to leave now to get blood work done today is gonna stink 
ugh its a public holiday and i conveniently forgot. wondering where i can get food- everything's supposedly closed... 
Ugh it's early... 
ugh its lashing it down outside! 
Ugh its not working,.... I guess ill have to go back to my blackberry 
ugh its only wednesday 
Ugh its raining in salem I have driving in rain 
Ugh its really hot today already and its not even noon yet  i want ice water!
ugh its so hot 
ugh it's so hot and sunny today....yep,no pool.  I WISH IT WAS CLEAN &gt;-&lt; stupid rain made it dirty -_-
Ugh it's so hot gross... 
Ugh its taking ages to download updates for apple 
Ugh its too hot! no AC  can't sleep and i have a final tomorrow 
Ugh itunes deleted itself 
ugh ive been up forever bc i slept too much yesturday....gunna be a long fun day 
Ugh jason set the alarm for 530 then got up and turned the tv on 
Ugh jst sittin at home 
Ugh just backed into a damn car  this is not my day...
ugh just cracked. could not resist mini wheats &amp; almond milk..not too unhealthy..but I still broke at least two rules..NO MORE! 
ugh just got off the phone with my aunt. i come from such a negative family, it's easier to notice when I'm away from them.  happier away
Ugh just got out of work i think i'm a dang taxi for ppl but i just can't say no!!!!  o well its my fault
ugh just had a dream about him. now he is on my mind when i don't want him to be. this is hard 
ugh just having a really bad day today  forgot my id for work, got the wrong uniform, and was over 8 bucks on my register Ima get fired :/
Ugh just woke up. I feel like i got hit by a bus 
UGH la fitness closed at 8pm  i drove there for no reason! grrr
ugh Laundry... So sleepy. I miss my truck already   But maybe they'll work on it while their bored &amp; when I get it back it'll be all p ...
ugh lifes a bitch wishing things could just go great for me 
Ugh like worst night ever 
Ugh long distance relationships will never work, so just put dem in the friend file and maybe 1 day the opportunity will come 2 b 2gether 
ugh lost the remote  gotta actually move to change channel wtf #twat
ugh major headache  and major soreness 2 more hours!
Ugh man in art with supply ditched now in library with gr 12. studying for art exam? haha what is there even to study! oh dear 
ugh management project... back to Tech tomorrow.. I'm going to miss my puppy TONS!!!!! 
ugh mannn ive been in the hospital like 3 times a week  ugh nurses are mean!!!!!!!
ugh migranes  this week needs to end!
Ugh missssss my awex 
Ugh mom's being a bitch and I'm getting sick. Lovely. Hate this every month. 
Ugh monday after payday, DD's mean i no longer have  money  Bring on November when I pay off my car!
ugh monday and raining and i lost my book i am reading. 
Ugh Monday mornings 
Ugh monday yet again 
ugh must stop looking at pictures of him on myspace  I think people invented myspace to torture people who have crushes!!!!
Ugh my allergies are killin me  took some medicine. Will be asleep soon...
Ugh my back and neck kinda aches. Need a massage 
Ugh my blanket wont dry! Im gonna freeze tonight 
Ugh my calf has a nasty swelling bruise 
Ugh my computer just froze 
Ugh my damn ribs hurt! 
ugh my dog ate m y retainer  !!
ugh my feed does not pop when by bottom twitches are in the movies 
Ugh my feet hurt...just got back from school...i had to walk 
UGH my freaking phone froze up 
ugh my grammer sucks. This is why i can never join ONTD they are all grammer nazis 
Ugh my head 
ugh my head hurts 
Ugh my head is throbbing!! I'm taking off early. I can't stand it anymore 
ugh my interent is broken 
Ugh my internet went out just as i was going to upload more pictures from last night 
ugh my moms mad at meeeee. i didn't do anything..i just woke up 
Ugh my neck hurt     anywhos back to sleep...zzzzzzz
Ugh my neck really hurts  I'm out aquatards, xox
Ugh my nose is all stuffed and my throat hurts  and I have a lot of studying to do...today is gonna be a long day.
ugh my sinuses are so inflamed right now 
Ugh my stupid laptop is frickin broken...I am sooo not impressed! 
UGH my stupid sister came and woke me up... Now I can't go back to sleep... Its too early.. 
ugh my throat hurts..  
ugh my tummy hurts  i dont wanna go to my workexperience...but i cant stay home haha bleghhh
Ugh my tummy hurts bad now 
Ugh my tummy is starting to hurt 
Ugh my tweets are disappearing 
ugh need to catch up with SYTYCD.  Results Show tonight
ugh new moon and twilight and all that is so corny. i saw the movie  it was decent but not enough to have a cult following xD
ugh nights like this i want cuddles...coming home knackered with worries about tomorrow 
ugh no license in the mail today  maybe it does take 8 days like jerry said..
ugh no more late night soda for me! i had the worst sleep ever and my tummy's been hurtin since i woke up 
ugh no motivation for 2nd interim report 
Ugh no one came to my 6 o clock Hip-Hop class 
Ugh no summer for me, classes start today  and idk when my classes are. @starbucks.
ugh no tired buh i have work in the morn 
ugh no wakey  wait is it thursday? YAY!!
ugh noooo 
Ugh noooooo, ive got a long day!  but reading @johncmayer 's tweets to perez hilton have certainly made the day brighter already. : D
Ugh not feeling good 
ugh not feeling good. stupid stomach. I'm so tired 
ugh Not in a good mood I guess..lol but, 
Ugh not looking good for the Sox  Getting ready to go over to my friends for some beer pong and beer bongs
Ugh not ready for my ap quiz. Time to fail  darn reagan haha
Ugh now I have to take a damn cough syrup. This sucks  I hope that thing works.
Ugh nuggs 
ugh obsessed with @highwarlock hair, if only i had the guts to do that 
UGH OFF TO WORK 
ugh out in time to party and no one to play with  *katie*
Ugh parents get to sleep in today  jealous
Ugh PD Assignment 
Ugh people keep backing out of birthday Hair extravaganza. Sad face 
ugh phone is dying cant talk to anyone until it charges up 
ugh physics demo write up then once i finish that i have to start on my online quizzes and the review packet. argh finals 
Ugh Pittsburgh lost  they will win in the end, however
Ugh Rain I Cant Take It Anymore..Off 2 The Sunfest Hopefully The Sun Will Come Out Sometime Today 
ugh rainy monday mornin 
ugh ran to mcdonalds.. so hungry. no time to eat 
Ugh really... I needa figure out where zakk and john are. I miss muh boys 
ugh right now i feel like ive swallowed a baloon!! 
Ugh running late  just showing now...
ugh sad mood 
ugh SATs 
ugh school 2m and i still hav about 200 pgs of a book to read 
ugh school in 6 hours. 
Ugh school tomorrow up at 7, bright and early 
ugh she's only here monday 
Ugh shopping with my sister    BORED
ugh show today  i dont wanna dooo it.
Ugh sick as a dog 
Ugh slow week! Come on already 
ugh snuggling with baylie and watching the game with my dad  goodnight twitter
Ugh so far away from the stage  still enjoying the music
Ugh so fucken pissed cuz I feel fat as fuck    .........
ugh so full and sick 
Ugh so hungry... Someone bring me food 
ugh so much for staying hommee!! I HAT ECLEANINGGG!! 
Ugh so randomly up...cant effin sleep tweets 
Ugh so sad, just got my left eye healed. Then now, my right eye hurts  want to see the doctor like now! http://myloc.me/1ngF
ugh so sick today... I need cold meds 
ugh so sick yet again 
Ugh so sleepy! 
ugh so tired....i got hubby's stomach bug  thanks dickhead! i love you too!! â™¥â™¥
Ugh so upset and tired but i cant sleep. Wish i had a friend to talk to.  i hate having no friends. 
Ugh soc teacher is starting to become one of those profs who is always fucking late 
ugh softball tonight and I do nooot feel good  ick.
ugh someone just called me and woke me up 
ugh soo confised idk how to do my hair for tomarrow 
ugh sore throat..where did this come from? and it's still raining 
ugh still here  and I'll have to fix that paper...
Ugh still in bed. Don't wanna go to work  Time to get up &amp; get ready with the quickness. Morning twitterland!
Ugh still no email back. 
ugh stomach ache 2 many now and laters 4m the pinata  no mas
Ugh stomach hurts soo bad 
ugh stop tweeting about bamboozle already. i am jeluz enough 
Ugh stuck in traffic and 15 mins late for my first lesson 
ugh stupid car 
ugh stupid fever. I really feel like vomiting. 
ugh stupid time change, all my tweeps r sleep.  who am I gonna tlk 2 now. lol. where my la folk at??
Ugh summer school starts today. 
Ugh super nasty tooth ache!  someone help
Ugh talk to me someone  I'm really bored.
Ugh Taylor! you are a **** but in going to miss you 
UGH TBS IS IN PA AND I'M NOT THERE   
ugh tell me why my man pau gasol was at t.g.i fridays and i was trapped in this damn bar  http://bit.ly/fr25L
UGH tequila got the best of me, I'm sorry @_miss_mj  but we are ON for tomorrow, don't let me drink tequila! @EStrangeNoise ride ovr latr!
ugh terrible screenshots make me sad 
ugh thaat party was lame as hell!!!!......sadness 
Ugh that one didn't work either, stupid sims 3 torrents. I'm trying one more! I can't help I can't afford to buy it  I need a job!
Ugh the delivery was postponed, shes not having the baby til 5 and i'll be at work 
Ugh the key bored is still not workin this sux 
Ugh the lectureer just said &quot;quick and dirty&quot; 
ugh the morning head ache is back 
ugh the sound isn't working on my computer. my room is so quiet  
ugh these final exams are kicking my asssss! blahhhh 
Ugh these lyrics &quot;funny the way it is whether right or wrong, a soldiers last breath and his baby's being born&quot; 
Ugh they're keeping my on call at work  come visit me at metropark @ the cerritos mall
Ugh this dumb thing wont download and i can't listen to music on myspace 
Ugh this is horrible...anyone want to hang out 
Ugh this is the one time I wish I didn't snore 
Ugh this night sucks! I still love Kobe but I just wanted Melo to take it! 
Ugh thunderstorm coming. And not going to billy's. I'm having a pretty boring day 
Ugh tied at 3  Come on Llund!
ugh time for summerschool. screw geometry. so boring. 
ugh tired 
Ugh tired and headachy. Kind of want to go for a run though. Can't  Too much to do.
Ugh tired as fuh driving around pines. Tossed and turned all last night. Sleep hides from me 
Ugh too earlyy  back to dreaming.
Ugh trying to sleep  stupid penicillin
Ugh ugh ugh ugh cider mouth! 
ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh          
Ugh ugh ugh! 3 hours of sleep  Why do I wake up with an internal alarm??? Ggrrrrrrr
ugh we need good job news by monday or going back to texas is looking like a reality and one i don't want right now 
UGH we neeeeeed Seimone to come back...pray its not serious 
Ugh wednesday begins with an unusual assortment of stomach pains 
ugh What a rainy day 
Ugh what a sad way to end my mothers day breakfast. 
Ugh what do i take for a tummy ache 
ugh what was the point of getting up?    It's tired in here...
Ugh where tje glass was pulled out of my foot still hurts. 
Ugh why am I still awake  brain please shut off
ugh why am I up at such an ungodly hour on my day off? 
Ugh Why can Ireland Not Have Decent Weather  I wanr Th Sun Back!
ugh why can't chris love me already  this is frustrating. @ vigiluccis with my family...kill me?
ugh why cant i sleep n e more 
ugh why did i make a hair appointment today i wanna stay sleeping 
Ugh why do I keep forcing myself to get up at ridiculous hours to study and then dont 
ugh why do tires have to be so expensive. there goes vacay money. 
ugh why does everything have to remind me of &quot;him&quot;?? 
Ugh why does my mom hate all the ppl tht mean the most to me?? 
ugh why is it so hard to find the artwork from matchbook romance's album voices online? i just want a picture of the bunny 
UGH Why is it thats everyone insits on waking me up?  Just let me sleep pleaseeeeeee. Too late now -___-
ugh why is tweetdeck hating all up on me 
Ugh why summer school?? in other news,... oh wait, school is officially my entire life 
UGH WHY!!!!!!!stupid myspace won't let me sign in. 
Ugh wish i was outside in the sunshine instead of working 
UGH WITH THE RAIN! 
ugh work 
ugh work  .... happy papa day
ugh work all day and then NJ all night 
Ugh work sucks. I could be with sher right now  
ugh work tomorrow 
ugh work!!  but florida friday week bitchess!!
Ugh work. 
Ugh Wtf :\ now i can't go back to sleep.. 
Ugh yesterday I got 4 shots. I'm sore all over 
ugh you wake up at 4 am ok its sunday morning church is not for 4 more hours . now what you cant sleep so . . . you twitt 
Ugh!  I jst wlked in th door &amp; it is 12AM.  Srry I missd so mny 4 #FF   I hve a few tweeple 2 respond 2 then Bed!  Sleep well, God Bless!
Ugh!  I'm in bed but can't sleep. Such a waste 
Ugh!  The Buell has an exhaust leak.  http://myloc.me/2Nh5
ugh!  today is PJ day at work and no one told me!!  
UGH!  Too hot to sleep.  
Ugh! &amp; now i have to get ready for the SAT subject test 2mrw. 
ugh! @mileycyrus lost the first one  but i do love @ashleytisdale too.
Ugh! Already up and at it  Josh and I are going to the Police Department to get our car seat properly installed.
Ugh! And now I'm hungry. Guess I'll stop fighting it and get out of bed. This is going to be a long day 
Ugh! Another breakdown  but I don't feel sorry for myself since no one said life was going to be easy...
Ugh! Another cloudy morning in san diego  http://mypict.me/4FrS
Ugh! Anyone know why my @replies aren't showing up on my TwitterBerry?? DM and timeline are, just not @replies.   Annoying...
Ugh! Been up for 25 hrs &amp; still wired. *sigh* i wanna go to sleep!  I had a FULL day yesterday w/an even fuller tmrw! 
UGH! Beltran looks like he might be hurt  #Mets
Ugh! Can't believe the cavs lost!!!! 
Ugh! Cant sleep n I hav 2 b up 4 work in 4hrs 
Ugh! Cant sleep...So worried. I really gotta find a job 'cos I sooo dont wanna have to sign on the dole  Sigh.
Ugh! Feeling really sick this morning. I'm too busy for this!! Head is spinning and I'm not well. Resting it off. 
Ugh! finished 623rd in a tournament of 9000... top 400 qualified for finals 
Ugh! Flipping out, cuz I think I lost my favorite North Face!! What the fuck!!!! 
UGH! found my wedding ring in the dryer! have no idea how it got there and now it's bent 
ugh! gosh..  my brother gets really annoying everyday. i hate bad influences at school  
UGH! Have to tidy my room!  There's crap everywhere!!! Lol. Let's just shove everything into the wardrobe....
ugh! headache 
Ugh! Headache...  
UGH! I am sick and I have so much to do, including moving! Wished it had held off for the weekend! 
Ugh! I can't find any jammie pants &amp; my wash is still damp  gonna freeze my buns off in the am!!!
Ugh! I don't think I will be home in time for the game. Hopefully,  I can catch it at the 1/2.  Not happy! 
ugh! I feel like a train wreck..I swear I didn't do an all nighter... but i do feel like I did. Starbucks here I come. 
Ugh! I feel like crap! 
Ugh! I feel sic! 
ugh! i go back 2 skool 2marow  i totally shud b asleep rite now but al break i didnt go 2 bed til 3. so now i cant sleep bc its only 11:20
Ugh! I had to get a stupid mouthpiece for my jaw problems.  I can't even talk and sound right with it in... 
Ugh! I hate allergies. My nose is soo stuffed up when i talk it doesnt sound english. And im soo pale i look casper mexican. 
Ugh! I hate banks, all I wanted 2 do was cash my check, I was persuaded to get a checking acct now I'm in negative amounts. 
Ugh! I HATE taking pills! But I'm in soo much pain 
ugh! i hate the rain!  such a bummer
Ugh! I have 2 b up @ 5am and cant sleep!!! 
ugh! I have a headache, and a little dizzy, feel bad 
Ugh! I have heart burns.  I feel so uncomfortable.
ugh! I have to work til 7 tonight  but then I get to leave early sometime this week!! which will be Friday the day before my 2 week vaca!
Ugh! I have work in the morning 
Ugh! I think i lost my blue tooth, going to be SO pissed if it does not turn up 
Ugh! I wish my bff/roomie was home 
ugh! I'm having a massive headache.. 
Ugh! I'm so bored! Have to go to art class!  just wanna get good to my guitar! &lt;3
Ugh! I'm so tired of feeling sick  neurologist appointment is on the 22nd and cardiologist appt is on the 9th. Wish me luck people !
Ugh! Its too pretty outside to be cleanin inside 
Ugh! I've got something in my eye and it won't stop hurting! It's like someone's sticking a fork in it 
Ugh! Just realized that I have to get up in 5 1/2 hours. That's not enough sleep  Oh well, I guess I should take what I can get. Goodnight
Ugh! Just realized that I ordered the wrong jeans online and in three hours they have already processed it and it's too late to change 
ugh! looks like it can rain any min now  
Ugh! M*thï¿½r F&amp;@kï¿½r! My bacon egg and cheese BK croisent is a ham omelet on a sesame bun &gt; 
Ugh! My air conditioner broke during the middle of the night. Nothing like waking up to 90F temps inside 
Ugh! my best friend is having the best of luck with her crush :[ i am just blah! because he has a girlfriend 
Ugh! My body hurts like hell.. shoulders, neck, wrists, head, hip, tibia (shin-bone). Do I get the (mexican) flu? 
Ugh! My damn books are a hundred plus each!! 
Ugh! My God!  Schools Coming Already! :|:|:|:| I CANT BELIEVE IT! (( now ill have to study all over again  and yeah no more freedom now 
Ugh! My hair looks like a hideous sunset  Totally dying it again tomorrow...
Ugh! My stomach hurts. 
Ugh! No reason to go all the way to Manteca now   I'm ready to go out and not the kinda girl who drinks alone...
Ugh! None of my friends want to get on Twitter.  At least I can keep up with my Twilight peeps. Yay! You guys are awesome!
ugh! nothing to do in the valley  Seriously gotta move out of here!!!
Ugh! Out with my girl   &quot;me&quot; time
ugh! people these days! 
Ugh! Plane delayed due to weather!  Stuck with another hour to kill.  http://twitpic.com/67xs0
UGH! Poor Beautiful Girl. Went in for new tires and inspection sticker. Now there's a $590 repair and still no tires. 
UGH! RAIN! I just had to go and save the washing from the line! 
Ugh! Sales lady at maternity store bites! I told her I need XL. She said looking at me from the side I need plus size 
Ugh! so tired now  I want to go back to bed now!
Ugh! SOOO Sad!!! First my FAVORITE black shirt faded to brown, and now my computer's harddrive EXPLODED...  I'ma lose ALL my pictures. :'(
ugh! soooo hungrryyy! havent had lunch OR dinner  i feel like ordering mcdelivery or something. hmmmm i want mcspicy now dammit
Ugh! Thankyou mother nature for hating on me when I want to get drunk and have to wait in the pouring rain for a bus. Driving Now  sober.
ugh! there's no cable in the bedroom  and my brother is roasting a duck.
ugh! tired! long day at wrk!! still here!! 
ugh! up at 6 on a Saturday 
Ugh! Very siick  But still going out tomorrow to buy my LV&amp;TT Album!
Ugh! what a yucky day. i didnt wanna get up  gotta go do laundry later
UGH! where is the pizza i ordered!!! 
ugh! why isn't last.fm working? i would like to discover some new music nao plz. 
Ugh! Why must the cookies burn?....every time 
ugh! why summer school 
UGH! Windows 7 did not work. But this time was taking the p*ss, had to reinstall Vista. Luckily I backed up, but lost all Firefox data! 
Ugh! Wisdom teething 
ugh! woke up 2 a flat tire 
Ugh! Woke up so late today. Have to go to the 12pm yoga class. Wanted to lunch in the marais too  Tomorrow I guess...crepe at GB then ;)
ugh! you cant 
Ugh!!  Can't sleep!  
ugh!! Sims 3 keeps crashing! 
Ugh!! Too early for my wake up call and can barely keep my eyes open. Need caffeine asap 
UGH!! why are there commercials on online tv episodes!! gosh!! thats the whole reason why i watch them online! 
Ugh!! Why is it blizzarding in Colorado????!!! Won't be seeing my parents this weekend  their plane got cancelled!
Ugh!! Why isn't inFamous on xbox360!!!?? Fucking lame.. Its only on PS3.. 
ugh!!!  i have to work at 9 tomorrow morning.  
UGH!!!  I'm massively bored today.  Hate work and didn't win the jackpot this weekend---a bad combo!  
UGH!!! 3weeks of email problems 
Ugh!!! FML!!! I'm so tired!!! I wanna go back to sleep... 
ugh!!! i hate being grounded!!!!!! and my mother is being sooo retarded!  AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
UGH!!! I wish I could be with you right now 
Ugh!!! I'm still at the office.  2 more days to go this week   Super busy at work!
UGH!!! Madd Sick!! Yuck Duck  Causing Insomnia. Just Finished Downing Some Robo. Got My Runway Practice Tommorrow. Hope It Goes Away!!
UGH!!! Still at work 
UGH!!! Working at my school in the summer can be BORING!!!!!!!! There is no one here 
ugh!!!! crap on a cracker i am bored out of my mind!! i miss my bestie 
UGH!!!~I was w/in a 5 blk radius of Rob Pattinson being hit by a cab- I missed my chance to woo him and sweep him off his feet w my charm 
ugh!.. try to sleep early.. need to change my sleeping pattern... 
ugh!... we only got 3 more days til school is out... ima miss my friends 
UGH!?! Awoke in middle of night with headache; now I sit here awake again (too early) with a migraine  Please pray, thx
ugh&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; just dealing with things 
Ugh, @grace134 I know.  @room704 Make everyone take a shot for me yes? Pretend I drink and be like 'THIS SHIT IS FOR MARÃ?A!'
Ugh, 6 hour flight! 
Ugh, a ton of Laundry to get thru before I can go out and play 
ugh, another monday.  &lt;-Mark The Shark-&gt;
Ugh, another night of awful sleep, if it could even be that 
Ugh, AT&amp;T is gonna get an earful for this...  My order said Free Overnight Shipping -- it went out 2nd Day - no #iPhone 'til Monday  
Ugh, awake and sick 
Ugh, bed time. want my boyfriend to text me.  I will miss him this week. damn.  ( hey you, secret lover, HAHA YOU'RE ALREADY SLEEPING)
Ugh, best go tidy the house  I can polish tomorrow.
Ugh, can't believe I missed multi night 
Ugh, can't fall asleep 
ugh, can't find my favorite outfit. 
ugh, cant get on team jonas!  dumbbbb. ill talk to you all tomorrow i guess. especially you @alyssaxxooo ha
Ugh, can't sleep, I think I have a big problem and will be visiting Lafene or the hospital tomorrow if things don't change 
Ugh, can't sleep. Which is going to hinder my ability to wake up and go to the beach early.  Miss NY and RL.
Ugh, day after pt is the worst 
ugh, dont know what to tell myself -_-&quot; im really going to miss Juwniorr, it just hit me today and i cant do anything about it! 
ugh, don't wanna be awake at 5am 
Ugh, don't want to help cut the grass, but im being forced to. 
Ugh, early day tomorrow and I can't make myself go to sleep  My thoughts won't leave me alone long enough.
Ugh, eff off thunder. I don't like you. 
Ugh, even my blogroll is empty. First whisky and then the internet 
ugh, feel like poo 
Ugh, feeling a bit kakkie this afternoon. I think the dreary weather has rubbed off on me. 
Ugh, FF just went down for maintenance.  *pouts*
ugh, first day back to school  RIP, Columbine Victims.
Ugh, first day of summer school x2 
Ugh, garage door broke down.  But Fineye is coming over!!  I miss him!!!!
ugh, got a b on my bio final  at least it good grade lol, but i was hoping for an A...
Ugh, got a call from my 8 mon preg sis in law she has Bell's Palsy.  I had it last yr. (tweeted about it) Hope it goes away fast 4 her.
Ugh, got a notice from 1and1 that they had a problem making my hosting account. Can't call them till Monday. 
Ugh, had a sick day today..definitly geting a cold 
Ugh, have a date today and have a rager of a headache.  I hate faux hangover feelings 
Ugh, have s high fever. 
Ugh, headache 
ugh, heading into uni  but then shopping! yay!
ugh, i cannot find my camera charger. 
Ugh, i cant even sleep in anymore  . May as well get up and mow the lawn i spoze!
Ugh, I can't sleep because I'm not feeling so great.  
ugh, i can't sleep. i have been lying here for an hour and am awake as ever 
ugh, i don't feel soo good though 
Ugh, I don't know what to do when he's like this. There's nothing I could possibly say to him to make him feel any better 
Ugh, I don't want to go to Theooooo.  On another note, @sanchezisthebomb has red eyebags still. http://plurk.com/p/119gfh
Ugh, I eated too many spaghettis 
Ugh, I feel sick  Oh well, as long as I don't pas out again I'm happy.
Ugh, I feel sick, I don't wanna be at work tonight... 
Ugh, I forgot it was 25 man Naxx tonight and I have a quiz due by midnight. Dammit! Now I can't go. 
ugh, I forgot my phone at home. I feel so naked and lost without it. 
Ugh, I had the longest day ever! I can't wait to go to school tomarrow to see my love&lt;3 I miss him 
Ugh, I hate it! Poor Sirius  
Ugh, I hate school  I got a lot of hmwork to do.
Ugh, I hate this episode of One Tree Hill, it's so sad 
ugh, i hate work 
Ugh, I hate working Saturdays!  That makes 45hrs this week.  It never feels like I have a weekend.  
Ugh, I have a sore throat, chills, sweating and some pain. If I oink, please take me to the doc 
Ugh, I have to be up in four hours to be ready to leave at 7:30am for my 8 hours classroom instruction for driver's ed 
Ugh, I have to go to work soon 
Ugh, i have to work tomorrow 
ugh, i just licked my fingers after taking off my nail polish 
ugh, i missed almost an hour of raw, when it was in north carolina 
Ugh, I need a bigger ipod. Like seriously 
Ugh, I need a new computer for gaming. Somebody should figure out how I can get a free one. 
ugh, i need to put more ear drops in 
ugh, i really didnt want the oc to go away but its been a while and im startin to miss it 
Ugh, I really want a new laptop! 
Ugh, I so could have slept in today. I'm SOO inexplicably tired  Let's go fix that.
ugh, I wanna get out of the apartment right now. 
Ugh, I wanna see a funny @jonasbrothers video! 
ugh, I want to go to Home Goods and buy home decor stuff! but no money 
ugh, I want to sleep in today... 
Ugh, I wanted it to storm like this earlier when it was light outside, not now when it's dark &amp; will be scary if the power goes out!  
Ugh, i'd rather be back on my bike  http://short.to/fun4
Ugh, if I can't get the wireless working on moblin I can't run it 
Ugh, ill. 
Ugh, I'm 2:2 for not feeling cute again today.  That's sucks! However I am 2:2 on bringing @glitterNblood 2 church again, that's great!
Ugh, I'm hot.  
ugh, i'm sick.  leaving for texas on saturday! 
ugh, im so mad. i finally get to sleep late and my body wont let me  im so used to getting up early dat i cant sleep past a certain time
Ugh, I'm so STUPID!! Ordered @chamcircuit's CD, only to notice later on that my PayPal account is still linked to my old address. FAIL! 
Ugh, i'm such a fatty 
Ugh, I'm sweating balls. There's no AC on the second floor 
Ugh, I'm up at 2:30am because I'm coughing so hard I can't sleep 
Ugh, insomnia again! 
Ugh, it's 90 degrees. 
Ugh, it's bedtime, Twitter.   Let me know if any more &quot;I love you&quot;s happen!
Ugh, it's monday  That means *school* Spring Break didn't really seem long..... Well I'm off to school in about 20 minutes, bai twitter.~
ugh, it's really hard to sleep with so much noise all around the house. 
Ugh, it's so laaaa-ha-haame. 
Ugh, Jimmy Buffet. 
Ugh, just changed my &quot;One Line Bio&quot; from 22 to 23... It's sinking in 
ugh, just dripped honey all over myself. Now I have to lick it off. 
Ugh, just realized that only like 2 of my apps have been updated w/ 3.0 cmptblty which means, barring a slew of app updates, no 3.0 tom. 
Ugh, laptop's in the shop for repair and the pc keeps locking down the internet conncention 
Ugh, Looks like no rest for me  ... I'm going to have to spend the next week doing prep work for GVFI in Cameroon: Bushmeat anyone?
Ugh, lost 3/4 games in bowling. Sad 
ugh, major headache.  my baby is getting off in a bit...make me feel better. ;)
Ugh, me wee boy's got a fever, poor little guy 
Ugh, Mitchel Musso isnt sending out anymore Tweets!! Im sad. 
ugh, must've ate something or something iduno, eyes are red, nose full of crap, stomach isn't feeling to well either   I blame GoDaddy.
Ugh, my back hurts  prolly gonna sit &amp; work more on LFTF &amp; the fanmixes FL in a bit. Wish the DHC would kick in though.
Ugh, my body is all sore and whatnot this morning. 
Ugh, my dad's name isn't winning. 
Ugh, My dr's office didn't document my last TD booster shot, and I need it for the University... SIGH, Shots are not my friend 
ugh, my head hurts, my miller time went well into overtime and now i am paying for it  
ugh, my mom won't make me hot dogs for lunch! 
Ugh, my right click keeps doing things I don't want it to do without showing the contextual menu in web browser.  Blocked images!! 
ugh, my skype just froze, i dont hear the pretty voices anymore. 
Ugh, my whole body hurts, I want to go to bed but I need to study for my exam tomorrow. 
Ugh, nap fail. Red bull now. That's three in three days  going cold turkey for at least two days...
Ugh, never drinking so much again 
ugh, never packed.  damn.
Ugh, no Up for me 
Ugh, not only does twitter make you evil (http://bit.ly/i8SJR), it's also full of spam accounts that invade my email box every day now 
ugh, not sure i have the patience or remaining intelligence at this point in the day (week?) to refactor and rewrite this package of code 
ugh, nothing but small problems consuming my day 
Ugh, O is still #3 on the waiting list 
ugh, our dogs got into another fight.  hassLe.
ugh, PandaStream kills me. 
ugh, people stop twittering about chicago. it is making me homesick and I don't even live there yet 
Ugh, possible migraine aura and I can't take drugs   Decaf tea and shortbread will have to do.  I need to work!
Ugh, really? Back to square one? So much for giving myself 24 hrs off... 
Ugh, Sams club, then Walmart   I did get a nice new hot glue gun, dual temp but corded for when the batt is out on the coldheat Cordless
UGH, school wont give my mom the marks 
Ugh, screw you addison. I'm so jealous 
ugh, soooo exhausted. going to bed now. even after i fell asleep every single time i laid down earlier. so sleep deprived.  good night.
Ugh, summer isnt going as planned 
ugh, that was an unpleasant 24h of sweating and shivering under the covers. 
Ugh, the air conditioner in my office is broken today. All the other offices are fine. But it's 85 degrees in mine. 
ugh, the last week of school....... 
UGH, the silverfish is STILL THERE.  I think I'm going to attack it with my vacuum  #squarespace
ugh, the store again. 4 days in a row 
Ugh, they changed the Quiznos commercials. I loved those (&quot;put it in me,&quot; &quot;say it sexier,&quot; etc.)! 
Ugh, this is gonna be 1 wack weekend... back 2 bed I go, these pills got me feelin hella woooozie. Cramps suck 
Ugh, this management test I have Wednesday is going to suuuuck.  I wish I had a day to do nothing except study.
Ugh, this nasty ass coffee is making me yearn for Starbucks 
Ugh, time for another attempt at monkey bedtime. I miss our school schedule. They NEVER stayed up like this when there was school  
ugh, time to get ready for work...   today is a grey gloomy day outside.
Ugh, tired. Cell is almost dead. No one to talk to. 
ugh, todays going to be a bad day, I feel it 
Ugh, tomorrow...packing. Yippee... 
Ugh, trying to get myself going to Shred now that Matthew's asleep.  I've really gotten used to doing it in the morning...    #shredheads
Ugh, trying to rack my brain for address and who to invite to my PartyLite Party on Friday, June 19th @ 6pm..can't think of anymore 
Ugh, what the hell 
Ugh, where is the sun! Am going to watch my daughter play soccer in the rain 
Ugh, Why are my saved job applications deleted  I log in &amp; It's gone, Now I have to find hard copy's &amp; re-enter them.
Ugh, why didn't I take off from work today?!  It's gonna be hell on earth!  
Ugh, why do we use sunscreen. It did work on me. I'm so burnt. 
ugh, why does EVERYONE have to do something, ON purpose to piss me off 
Ugh, why does it have to be wet outside? There go today's plans. 
ugh, why is the weekend so short?! 
ugh, woke up late; hoping into the shower. feels like a fml day 
Ugh, woke up. I am not going to sleep tonight 
ugh, work 
ugh, work  lol
Ugh, work til 7 (via @rileyfasho) ewz. sorry 
ugh,fml. gotta get up at 5 tomorrow morning  maybe that means i should go to sleep now..
Ugh,friiggin andrew! Hahaa -.- he keep meesssing up my hair  hahaha.
Ugh.  Anyway, this is probably the best thing Phil E has put out in a few years. One of the best years in music ever? http://bit.ly/75yLu
Ugh.  Apparently I remote accessed my home computers too much, now the internet is all gone.  
ugh.  can't sleep!!!  
Ugh.  Feel yucky this a.m.  Coming down with a cold.   Have a 1st communion meeting in a bit - 2 hours?!?
ugh.  i am feeling so sick
Ugh.  I need an extra 3hrs. Of sleep  ... Text me
ugh.  i sent that magic tweet at 10:30 and it showed up like 5 minutes ago 
ugh.  i wish someone would make a dA script to make it easier to remove people from your devwatch   what a ballache!
ugh.  I'm getting the bad part of laying out in the sun this past weekend today.  My face is peeling  gross.
Ugh.  I'm late for work and super sleepy. 
Ugh.  living in Arizona and being hyper-sensitive to sunlight, it's not easy to avoid getting burned. 
Ugh.  Woke up this morning before the alarm thinking it was Sunday and I could go back to sleep. Unfortunately, it is Monday 
ugh. . its 6 a.m. and I cant go back to sleep. I had the worst nightmare. . 
Ugh. 3am. No more 5 hour naps for me. I'm never going to get back to sleep! 
Ugh. 5:01 am    still havent slept. 
Ugh. A fucked up dog and a shitty friend. Who else wants to jump on the swear train? 
ugh. a huge headache, coughing constantly, legs feeling week, and feeling like throwing up.  This sucks beyond compare 
Ugh. Allergies still kicking my butt. Home on the couch today   http://myloc.me/2hnp
Ugh. Another snotty day. 
Ugh. Back hurts, making my stomach hurt. Feels like I'm gonna hurl. And its making my mood slightly volatile. I hate feeling this way. 
ugh. back to enlistment  it's taking so longggg.
Ugh. Blizzard. MORE INSTANCE SERVERS PLOX?! 
ugh. cant sleep. its 1:30am. 
ugh. cat vomiting. 
ugh. cavs didn't make it 
Ugh. Class. 
Ugh. Could do with a nap already. Lucas has a cold and woke up wailing v.early, so have been entertaining for hours 
Ugh. Darn it woman! She's going to bed but she's not letting me watch anymore until tomorrow! She doesn't want ME to know before she does 
ugh. drivers ed in the morning (first test, eeeep!)  wish it was stinking cheer practice instead!
Ugh. Dumped again. What am i supposed to do?? Fuck. 
ugh. every time I think I'm almost to 100% I realize I'm not fully recovered. &amp;even the simplest things are so exhausting. 
Ugh. Everytime I try to put my picture on here it doesn't work. Now no one can see me. 
Ugh. False alarm. Switched to Tsonga/Delpo match. 
Ugh. feeling a little bit under the weather 
Ugh. Feeling like a blimp today... :/  wish I was at the lake with my family in austin... Stuck @ work instead 
Ugh. Filing and paperwork are the words of the day. 
Ugh. Fml 
Ugh. For some reason i thought yesterday was saturday and i thought today was friday 
UGH. Forgot my password,    How is everyone?, Playing the xbox 360, WAITING FOR MAX PAYNE 3 TO COME OUT
Ugh. Found 18/20 Library Books. Where The Efff Are The Other Two?! Cant Get Prom Ticket Until I Return Em 
ugh. gas prices are back up.  i'm gonna have to start paying for the stupid gas to LA everytime we freagggin go!
Ugh. Getting home frustrated. Love is complicated and i'm currently distraught. . . 
Ugh. Getting my eyes checked. 
ugh. google has failed me again. this is three times now.  im going to bed. Goodnight Twitter bugs
ugh. got killer headache. wishing i lived in el salvador again 
ugh. Got woken up by the stupid thunder storm!!! 
Ugh. Grounded!! 
Ugh. Had to help sister with cakes and now I have to clean... It may just be a partial update. 
Ugh. Hangovers suck. I don't feel too good  http://myloc.me/2UWq
ugh. hate being sober and not having brought my own car. 
Ugh. have to go to the airport at 12 
Ugh. Have to revise! 
ugh. Headache...still 
Ugh. Hecka bad mood for some reason 
ugh. i can't figure out how to do text updates. 
ugh. I don't feel so good now. 
Ugh. I don't get paid til FRIDAY. 
Ugh. I don't wanna go to work. 
Ugh. I feel miserable. 
ugh. i had two terrible dreams last night, one about me staying at turner another year.. &amp; second about a boy that really hurt me 
Ugh. I hate feeling like this. I fucking miss you  It's been 2 years and i'm still not over you...
Ugh. I hate having tuitions in the morning...Its just too early! 
ugh. I hate living in the country sometimes. if I lived in the city, I could totally pay someone to bring me some beer right now... 
Ugh. I hate the munchies! 
ugh. i have a cold 
Ugh. I have a really bad head ache... 
Ugh. I have an extremely burnt nose 
Ugh. I have the worst timing. Or maybe I'm horrible at picking up signs. You'd think I'd have it figured out by now. At least a little 
ugh. i just want things to go back to normal. i miss my best friend 
ugh. i miss ana. having major struggs with mia. 
ugh. i need a new phone! mine is kaput 
Ugh. I need a wireless adapter 
Ugh. I REALLY hate paying bills. 
UGH. I really have no desire to change the name of my blog (it says exactly what it is), but it's too long to fit lots of places. 
Ugh. I wanna go home 
Ugh. I wish i could eat endless amounts of food.  my tummy is full.
Ugh. I`m hungry !  There`s nothing here to eat. 
Ugh. If anyone can shed some light I'd appreciate it. Can't find any malicious code, I'm hosted on Mosso so can't command line find 
Ugh. I'm going biking with some people in an hour, but I want to take a nap. 
ugh. im out and about and its pouring outside.  im going to get soaked.
ugh. i'm so ocd about thanking subscribers, but i think i'm gunna have to stop soon. this is taking forever. 
Ugh. I'm soooo sleepy but my back is KILLING me.   
Ugh. I'm up. 
Ugh. It is hot and sunny out.   I hate summer. Can I have autumn yet?
Ugh. It's 12am and NO 3.0 yet. 
Ugh. I've got to stop staying up so late. Twitter is too quiet. 
Ugh. Just found the nicest quilted members only jacket but its HUGE. 
Ugh. Just got my lisence in the mail. It would be an awful picture   http://twitpic.com/7i1y2
Ugh. Just got my schedule for next week. I'm working the weekend again. Why? I told him I'd rather work weekdays and NOT on Sundays 
Ugh. Just got out of class. I don't want to go to practice 
Ugh. just seen night at the museum 2.. its not as good as i thought 
ugh. last night here in Washington. just finished packing but no I don't want to leave. tomorrow is gonna be a sad day 
Ugh. Lines at dunkin donuts. 
UGH. LVATT. WHY WON'T YOU BE IN MY HANDS SOON ENOUGH. 
Ugh. Mac with the error 
Ugh. Monday 
Ugh. My foot hurts 
Ugh. My grandparents aren't able to come up here next week. 
Ugh. My pick up lines didn't work. I'm a failure at life. 
Ugh. No lovve for me. 
Ugh. Not a fan of rainy days 
Ugh. Of course I wouldn't be able to go back to sleep. 
Ugh. Oh god, it's zero-hour and I totally feel myself nodding off...  70 minutes to go. Blurgh. 
ugh. omg this stupid little girl ! i swear she's ughhhh ! because of her my doggie is tied up.  stupid little hoe.
Ugh. Omg. So tired 
ugh. only half way home and we have been driving for ages  and macca's internet is sooo slow
ugh. party postponed indefinitely. 
Ugh. Puke. Gross. 
Ugh. Rain. 
ugh. 'real' classes start tomorrow. 
ugh. sad/mad/lonely. 
Ugh. SAT's tomorrow. 
Ugh. Second night in a row that I sleep for only three or four hours. This hurts. 
Ugh. So sick. Need to go home. 
Ugh. So. Tired. I took resumes around this afternoon in the burning sun. Ink coffee, chocolate factory, hire me. Please! Hate the b&amp;n. 
UGH. Sore throat is sore. 
Ugh. Still a bit drunk. Gotta go to bed, wake up hella early &amp; convince a guy w/a full day of free work that he should hire me... 
Ugh. Struggling with a bad cold today.  Don't think its going to be a very productive day  Drat. Need instant cold cure.
ugh. taking my phone into tbaytel tomorrow. my calls aren't working 
Ugh. Taking Out All These Bum Ass Clothes.  Dont Wana Do This Just Want HIM. MMB More Than Ever
Ugh. TCU with a 2-run homer in the 4th. 2-0 TCU 
Ugh. Testing this week 
Ugh. Thanks a lot Roger. You really annoyed me. 
ugh. the amount of times these stupid insects have bitten me. Grr..
UGH. The rain is making me feel sad and nostalgic 
Ugh. There was not a cute paramore shirt at the concert so i'm stuck with no doubt.  dang.
Ugh. There's no food. 
ugh. theres nothing to do. summer school starts Thursday. 
Ugh. There's some annoying low end distortion in the final mixdown of my file.  I may have to edit it with another program.
Ugh. This makes me really sad. FML 
Ugh. Tomorrow is going to be such an insane stressful day. HORRAH. Guess I'm stayin in tonight. Unpackin ftw 
Ugh. Tomorrow is Monday  Going to watch some George Lopez! Haha&lt;3 Then sleep.  Night Twitter World D
ugh. tooo hot, fell asleep in the sun for 3 hours without sunblock on, so now im uncomfortable AND sunburnt. 
Ugh. Waking up with hayfever in the morning is dreadful 
Ugh. We find out who got what editor position today! 
Ugh. Wendy is back. Great. 
ugh. what a waste.  i just replaced the cartridge of polaroids in my cam, but i still had two left.  so they developed as i took it out.  
Ugh. What did I just get myself into. 
Ugh. Where did all this bad luck come from? 
Ugh. Why can't he just tell me?! 
UGH. why is it so hard to upload a picture on twitter? 
ugh. why? headache still present 
Ugh. Wish i could feel better 
Ugh. Work from 2-10pm all day..  I hope it's not busy at rubys today..
UGH. work tomorrow and missing the arts festival with the fam  BUT TONYS TOMORROW NIIIIGHT &lt;3
Ugh..   Not a good morning 
Ugh.. 3:40 and i'm still awake on chocolate and mt. dew.... Watching the infomercials 
ugh.. been craving for coffee.. cud u believe i went thru 8 months w/o drinkin any coffee? and i got 1 more month to go. its killing me 
Ugh.. Being up this early freakin sucks!! Marissa had to bail too 
ugh.. i fell asleep 
ugh.. I hate being sick 
ugh.. i hate monday 
Ugh.. I really miss our silly text chats, wish I could turn back the clock.. 
Ugh.. I want a new bathing suit but don't have $50 for a new one!! 
Ugh.. Idk how to make the coffee in the coffee machine but I desperately want some now  my employers always have the best imported coffee
Ugh.. Im tired but i don't wanna go to bed  btw, 17 Again was AWESOME!  Uh.. im so bored.  Well well, i always find something to do.. XD
ugh.. it's just a false alarm  aww..
ugh.. praying i haven't fucked up for good 
Ugh.. The kitchen lady confiscate our coffee n tea, no coffee for this morning then. 
ugh.. time to leave 
Ugh...  #Cubs/Sox game on WGN, but with the Sox announcers.  
ugh...  Monday  
ugh... about to finish up this last final 
Ugh... Bad headache and stomach ache. Where'd this come from 
ugh... E3 live press conference tech difficulties fail. 
Ugh... Finals this week....  Wish me luck!
Ugh... Getting wore out... and feeling low... thinking about bills 
ugh... have to study for science test... 
ugh... i feel sick now  smh....
ugh... I hate it when I forget to charge my MP3 player and end up having to go to work in silence 
ugh... i have a headache from this headset. don't think i like this job 
ugh... i have an upset stomach...ugh ... i no feel good 
ugh... I have to buy a new pair of chucks because the EX House ate one... FAIL. Beware. Frat houses are apparently hungry for size 4. 
Ugh... I have to do work, a lot of it... not  a fan of working hard 
ugh... I need to sleep! im such an insomniac 
ugh... i want a krispy Kreme donut right now! Today is a complex day; which im unsure of my certain fate. 
ugh... i will never eat a fancy cake again 
Ugh... I worked out yesterday for the first time in a few weeks and now Im sore all over 
Ugh... I'm about to go crazy! An 18 mo. old and a 5 year old... 
Ugh... I'm way too in demand.  Stress destroys the immune system. I feel a relapse coming on 
Ugh... just had my first nightmare in a really long time. And I had just gotten to sleep. Made @marcoz42 walk the house with me 
ugh... just opened my refrigerator to find out that my hand hurts too 
ugh... lunch is not agreeing with me 
ugh... my back is killing me. 
Ugh... Nervous about getting my tooth pulled tomorrow. 
ugh... no texting 
ugh... six flags is not as fun as it used to be. 
Ugh... So upset... I can't go to the gym for a week or until my knee gets better... So bummed... 
Ugh... Still have glass in my head from the crash! 
Ugh... stupid housework, stupid washing, stupid hayfever  Wanna just sit in the sun and get nice and brown but uggghhhhh! xD hah
Ugh... Teyona won.  I so wanted Allison to win!  
UGH... Twitter withdrawls. Internet not working on blackberry for some strange reason 
Ugh... up so &quot;late.&quot; I'll be sitting at the Dealership all day. 
Ugh... Waiting.... Interminable... 
Ugh... Why am I not sleepy 
Ugh... Wishbone Ranch Dressing does NOT taste like ranch dressing. SMDH 
Ugh.... 
ugh....  birthday coming in 5 days, been planning on day off for months, but might have to work 
ugh.... 8am  have to work from 930-330 today.
Ugh.... Drinking my coffee.why do i feel bla.oh yeah my wife is moving that why. 
Ugh.... headphones dont like getting wet..... Well learn something new everyday!! Today I learned dont put your headphones in the sink. 
Ugh.... I should learn how to save money. 
Ugh.... just woke up feeling groggy   
ugh.... lonely 
Ugh.... They still aren't here, which means they'll probably be banging on the door at 8am tomorrow. Dammit!!! 
ugh..... 
Ugh...... It's too early for me to be awake but I have some running to do 
Ugh....... Another sleeples night... 
Ugh......I havent gotten off the couch all day and yesterday.  It hurts to get up.  I hate being sick 
Ugh......Jon and Kate had to separate..... Im still depressed  Well I guess It could be Kate plus 8. Kate looks much happier, tho.
Ugh.....feeling bored 
ugh....had fun at the club now im home n lonely.... ohhh the horror  so not cool...
UGH....I'm goin nuts literally! 
ugh....in a bad mood still....guess my nap didn't help any  do people ever stop expecting me to do everything for them?!?!?!
UGH....Still pissed the hard drive on my HP laptop crashed!!! Lost ALL of my pictures! It was only 3 years old 
ugh....why am I so tired? 
ugh...actually maybe I am coming down with something. just noticed that I'm chilled, have runny nose, sore throat, &amp; stuffed head felling 
Ugh...after all that i could possibly do, my wireless is maxing at 12Mbps downstream. Worthless piece of shit.  Switching to a cable soon 
ugh...all this rain is doing a number on my sinuses!!   #squarespace
ugh...all water...no coke...water made my stomach hurt 
Ugh...back to work. 
Ugh...bad weather coming in- internet being stupidly slow. 
Ugh...do not like drunk calls from bothersome work people. Can't sleep now 
ugh...feel soo lazy right now...i dont' like it... 
Ugh...feels so guilty it's a sick feeling. Which may partly hav to do with the dancing, but it's mostly guilt.... 
Ugh...going to school, bye bye 
Ugh...had to make another twitter. Wouldn't let me sign in to the one i made 5 mins ago. 
ugh...have to stay in today, to babysit..why is it always me... 
Ugh...I got 3 hours of somewhat sleep and now its off to work.. Fml 
ugh...i hate being sick... 
ugh...i HATE tuesdays. 
Ugh...I left my ipod in my mom's car 
ugh...I think I'm getting sick. 
ugh...i'm way under the weather 
Ugh...its Monday already? 
ugh...it's too hot. i'm melting 
Ugh...Jon and Kate are so confusing 
ugh...just not feelin it today. i'm awkward and not in a good mood for no reason. someone cheer me up 
Ugh...just took the magnesium citrate...I'm in for a rough ride the rest of the day!  Stupid surgery requirement 
ugh...monday morning...back to class 
Ugh...my nose is starting 2 hurt again &amp; making my top teeth hurt 4m when I fell 
ugh...my tummy hurts 
Ugh...my zune still doesn't work. 
Ugh...next metal gear solid game will be on the xbox 360 as well as the PS3...its a sad day 
Ugh...no Italy for me......... 
Ugh...not feeling it.....ready to go! 
Ugh...Seeing katbadar in blogtv was like (for me) seeing batman fail at everything... I guess some people just do it for the popularity 
Ugh...SO bored  #squarespace @KyleDLife What do you mean 'think'? It 'DOES' 
ugh...so many good games on today...hope didn't have to go to work 
Ugh...so ready for bed...Annie, you're the only one who loves me enough to follow me. How sad  lol
Ugh...this heat!!! Poor hair 
Ugh...today is one of those days when I wanted to initiate a few new positions and they are all up too damn much 
Ugh...Today may actually blow. 
Ugh...tummy's not feeling good.  Laptop feels great on it, though!!!
Ugh...who volunteered me to work unpaid overtime on a weekend??  ...oh...wait, I did. Note to self: learn to say no! 
Ugh..all my friends r asleep so theres no one to txt. 
Ugh..at work..but DAMN tired..didn't get my nap today 
Ugh..english,history,art finals today 
Ugh..going home between 530 and 6 and going to bed forever!...so I can come do another overnight tomorrow night 
ugh..i am so tired, and i think i might have caught a cold   and i hungy daddy get home please
ugh..this day is going to suck 
Ugh..this rain needs to stop  It's making me tired and I dont want to be tired when I'm excited that my brother is graduating HS tonight
ugh..totally blanked out on my last math quiz 
Ugh: my MacBook's drive doesn't read discs anymore. 
ugh; i hate when other people disappoint me. 
Ugh-bruised my tailbone while doing laundry on Sat-yes laundry!  Ya just can't make this stuff up - ouch hurts to sit! 
UGH-dental emergency and only an appointment for next week!  
Ughh  No musical, no splash, no camp. What else can go wrong?
Ughh !!!!! My stomach hurts  and I feel blahhh. &lt;/3
Ughh been a rough day with no cell  but im home now!! Sooo tierd!!!...got like a billion txts
ughh communions all day... wish i was at bamboozle 
Ughh couple more days and I wont have to deal with it anymore 
ughh doctor &amp; my mom says i should rest the rest of the day. and i've been. but i neeed to study 
ughh feel horrible. want to go to the doctors! owwy bad head, owwy fat lip, owwy bruise on arm 
ughh finals start tomorrow. 
Ughh from the filling in my tooth my ear is starting to ache ! What a life 
Ughh fuck ford! Greedy bastards... The most perfect car will never be mine 
ughh gave @clearwire the wrong address by accident. still don't have internet  in apt 
Ughh getting sick    work till 6 
Ughh got a bit of hwk/studying to do  not looking forward to tomorrow.
Ughh Grade 8's are Back From Quebec Todaay  Eww
Ughh guys are SOO confusing dude!! 
Ughh headache 
Ughh headache , gig Monday ... Can't go though  gotta get a fill in drummer.,. Calling up my backup now ! Hahaha
ughh headached 
Ughh I do not want to get out of bed today 
Ughh I feel like death warmed up!! 
ughh i feel like shit and i have to leave for the presets in 15 minutes 
ughh i hate being ill 
Ughh i hate it when i cant sleep 
Ughh I hate shop soooo much. And I hate not having my phone 
ughh I hate waking up so damn earlyyyyy!  on my way 2 work now..  boooooo
Ughh i have a rash from the salt water, and sunburn on my face, its gonna be a great day! 
ughh i have all these nasty ass bug bites from North Carolina on top of my bruises on my thighs... NO BUENO...no shorts for me this week 
ughh i hoppe things work out i really want her!! 
ughh i sooo sleepy.. bck 2 work i go 
ughh idk if im going to school or not. but i really have to to get part of my partner's project 
Ughh i'm in desperate need of dayquil 
ughh im not that happy today, wow im such a downer! 
Ughh i'm so bored  2 am
Ughh im so mad. I saw that the sandlot was on and i turned it there and its over.  thats like one of my favorite movies
Ughh I'm so tired!! 
Ughh I'm soo sick  going to Joshua's graduation, and then to RedRobin.
Ughh it's so nice out and i'm in the car.  I want to be tanningggg 
ughh mom`s making me cook dinner when i`m in the middle of Nick and Norah`s Infinite Playlist 
Ughh my chest hurts SO bad and feels wicked tight! Im gonna cry it hurts so bad! 
ughh my dad is on my case 
ughh not happy that arkansas beat virginia 
Ughh pre sale tickets no good 
Ughh school starts again today... I'd much rather go see mcfly on tour  those lads better come to america soon
ughh so much to do today 
Ughh still didn't even get my hair washed 
Ughh that nap wasn't suppose 2 last no 5 and half hours...dang Y yall aint call &amp; wake me up 
ughh the jenness kids are at kids klub today &amp;&amp; its raining ridiculously  i hate yucky days like this.
ughh these pregnat girls are so sloppy, getting pregnat for a pact, who does that, 
ughh this is blowin miness 
ughh this is no good not sleeping well  still worried
ughh today was a long day, it was raining the entire time  i was so tired that i had a 3 hr nap [not a good idea]
Ughh todays beach weather... But I have work. Need...midol 
ughh waking up at 4.45am to go to harrisburg for baseballl 
Ughh where's my baby thoughhh 
ughh why am i not on my way to ATL?! 
Ughh why do I feel so sick all of a sudden 
Ughh! Everybody is at the concert downtown! Stupid packing and cleaning. 
ughh! the movie doesnt come out til august! 
ughh!! just when you thought you caught up. your backup camera dies on you  looking for a used 40D or 30D
ughh, day 3 as a non-smoker is not a fun one. I have the WORST cough 
ughh, having a reaction to the anaesthetic from having a filling at the dentist. Feeling poorly 
ughh, huge essay, 62% of grade due tomorrow  . haven't even started.....
Ughh, I dont want to get up and draw owls 
ughh, i have to use a bandage in my hand fro one week  why do i have to fall always? 
ughh, I wish b93 bash didnt get canceled.    sooo mad, spent 4 hrs for nothing.
Ughh, making me resort to a pc immediately makes the day a LOT harder 
ughh, my stomach hurts 
ughh, summer is so boring. that tv taping was so whack didn't even get to see ruby &amp;the rockits. 
Ughh, that pizza for dinner is making me sick 
ughh, tired and bored.. cant friggin sleep, nothing on tv and im bored of the computer. 
ughh, todays been the dullest monday ever!! 
ughh. BROKEN SHADES!!! i need a new one! 
Ughh. I'm sorry selena...call me please  i'll stay up all night trying to find signal...even if i'm Soooo tired!!! PLEASE call me!!!
Ughh. In some pain.  could use a back rub...pleaaase.
Ughh. My twitter app won't let me upload anymore.  guess that's a sign to really go to bed. Night guys!
ughh. no jobs to apply to! 
Ughh. That Miley creature song has infested itself in my brain! 
ughh. why do you have to be so mean? 
ughh. why does he have to be so cute?  damn it. haha. life's so cruel.
Ughh.. Its too freaking early! I need more sleep. 
Ughh.. School  Good morning everyone.. Worst classes today dammit! See you all at 4:00 and 35 more days of school yeah!
ughh.. tomorrow is saturday and we have school. not cool. no weekend for me 
ughh.. writing lineups. my LEAST favorite thing to do. i miss last night 
Ughh... my back hurts.... 
ughh............neeeeedddd job.......... 
ughh...i dont feel good 
ughh..how long does bronchitis take to go away?! 
ughh..work tomorrow. 
ughhers why is it sooo hot.. they pools too cold to go in 
Ughhh ! Getting up for work. Its going to be a long day 
ughhh can't effing sleep 
ughhh cant get to sleep 
ughhh cant sleep!!! 
ughhh extension hw 
Ughhh God please make my mouth feel better. I can't take those pain pills anymore 
Ughhh going to get shots. 
ughhh got to walk to school this morning. 
Ughhh graduation... Maybe 
Ughhh heart burns 
ughhh i am so tired  blahhhhhhhhh
Ughhh i couldnt fall asleep till 3am and now im up for school. Its going to be a veryy long day. 
ughhh I failed my final 
ughhh i feel like shit..... 
ughhh i fell asleep on the lounge, now i dnt feel so good 
ughhh I hate how my room smells like u  imy*
ughhh I HATE migraines!!! 
Ughhh I hate these early mornings 
Ughhh I just threw it out the window 
ughhh i wanna invite uncle troy to my grad party but dad will cause a fuss 
Ughhh i want led glovesssss 
Ughhh im feeling nausaus for some reason 
Ughhh I'm tired and My hubby is sick 
UGHHH its so hot in here and i dont have air conditioning!!  
ughhh just woke up...still feel like shit...firt time I can get real sleep and I'm up early 
Ughhh men suck  that's why Im single!
ughhh mom won't let me go out with Sufiah and Syazwani on Monday. They're my besties 
Ughhh my babee didn't email me  I hope he okk
ughhh my room is sooo eefing hott 
Ughhh my tummy hurts. 
ughhh my tummy hurts. ...   someone help!
Ughhh planning a party is soooo stressful...susana is leaving for vegas next saturday but monique is getting glamour shots this saturday 
ughhh rejected from the 09 mediation program. SUCKSSSS. 
Ughhh rendering rendering rendering.I have an actual video of my own to post but it's at home 
Ughhh sitting in the library for 4 hours again 
Ughhh still so much stuff to move and no where to put it  I would post a picture of my room but I dnt no how to lol... Freakin blackberry
Ughhh the power went out  now my computer is off so gonna try an go to bed I have wifi tonight so I can tweet
Ughhh this kid will not stop coughing, im gunna end up sick 
ughhh twitter sent my txt too late! 
UGHHH Why dont we Just Start next Years work Next Year and have 12 weeks holiday instead of 6 UGHHH 
ughhh work 330 to 10 . smh . im sikk of this . skoo 8 to 1 then work 2 or 3 till 10 or 1030  every weeeek
ughhh workkkk.... 
UGHHH! i juss uploaded my new video. already processed and live! then i figure out that youtube fucks up the audio! 
Ughhh!! My bleeding love!! I so wish guys could feel the pain we go through when &quot;Lady Flo&quot; pays us a visit 
ughhh,  science exam tomorrow not very excited about it 
ughhh, cramps....    
ughhh, crampssss 
UGHHH, I really wanna win those MMVA tickets from @muchmusic cause I cannot make it June 13 to get wristbands 
Ughhh, just woke up, I slept on one side all night and now my shoulder is killing me, and my phone got wet and the speaker broke 
Ughhh, Super sicklike  Finally got some sleep aids and sianades on board...lets try this again, gnight!
ughhh. 10 and a half hours til' im home again.  Off to work, ta-raaaa x
ughhh. civilization trial. reading day. senior vespers. exams. hasnt booked a flight.... 
Ughhh. Feeling wicked extremely gross  getting ready. Working 730-500
UGHHH. FML. Can't fall asleep... 
Ughhh. Hate this turn of events. 
Ughhh. I think the Phillies game will get rained out. 
Ughhh. Started cleaning the room 2 hours ago &amp;&amp; am so freakin' disgusted with myself. It's so filthy in here!! 
Ughhh.... I was almost in twitter jail 
ughhh..my computer fails. i have no video or audio stream on jtv      even the chat's not working :'(
Ughhh..my tummy hurts so bad! it feels like someone is stabbing it! 
ughhhh 
Ughhhh , . ! i don't want to take this test  we shouldn't have any for the rest of these two weeks . !
Ughhhh @ work! I hate Mondaysssssssssss 
Ughhhh back to work until 2 after barely getting any sleep  text.
ughhhh bored, tired, and my head hurts like you wouldn't believe 
Ughhhh COLLEGE!  this is not fun!! Only one week left and I have so much to do and no time!!!
Ughhhh dinner was a failure    drinking peppermint tea now...
Ughhhh I don't feeel goood  but I lovee my boyfranddd
UGHHHH I FECKING HATE MENCHOV AND WAS GLAD THAT HE FELL... but sad he won  DILUCA IS STILL THE MAN!!!!!!
ughhhh i hate my allergies 
Ughhhh I hate my stupid messed up iPhone  Wish I had the new one!!  damn u apple for not waiting just a couple months so I can upgrade!
ughhhh i hate sunburns.......  
ughhhh I have no luck with boys.  I'm destined to be alone.
ughhhh i just got a papercut.  . silver lining: it may hurt like *itch but it could've been far deeper.
ughhhh i miss james so much.  &lt;3333 gniight.
ughhhh icing my swollen leg 
Ughhhh Its Raining AGAIN  I Need A Holiday!!
ughhhh my internal clock is wayyyy off.... i need to go to bed now so i can get up early but i'm not at all tired. this sucks. 
Ughhhh my tummy hurts ppl!!! 
Ughhhh SO don't want to get moving and ready for my GREAT 9:30-1 shift 
Ughhhh the new dane cook, chelsea lately and family guy are all on at the SAME TIME.. what the hell. I am trying to watch alll 3 
ughhhh tons of traffic on 95 North 
Ughhhh!!!! 
Ughhhh, close to being done....but not close enough!   
Ughhhh, math b 
ughhhh. do NOT want to study  stupid eqao and exams
ughhhh. i feel asleep.. and i woke up worse. 
ughhhh. really sickk... 
ughhhh... scratch the afterparty 
ughhhh.... sad day. 
ughhhh.... still at 9. 
Ughhhh...I feel soooo sick and I have a test to study for! This is why I hate exercising. Migraines and nausea...this can't be normal. 
Ughhhh...kill me!!!! Please..like seriously i am hatin my lifee right now....errrrrrg. 
ughhhhh 
Ughhhhh allergies are still giving me the blues 
Ughhhhh back is effin killin me!!! Can't sleep for shit 
Ughhhhh everyone except me has seen The Hangover! So now I have no one to go see it with me 
Ughhhhh I feel sick. I'm thinking potato chips and Rockstar isn't a very good breakfast anymore. 
ughhhhh i have to get off soon :/ and do stupid dishes 
ughhhhh i have work later at 3 pm       x 8765432389785675 sad faces!!
Ughhhhh schoooool. Then work 
ughhhhh we finally find something good to watch!!! 'i'll never let go!' damn! jack&quot;s already gone 
ughhhhh! working in the AM on a saturday 
Ughhhhh. My belly hurtsss 
ughhhhhh  English project
ughhhhhh 6-0 
Ughhhhhh I hate this. I can't sleep at all I wish you would come home. I hate this I hate this aahhh fucknfkddjd! 
ughhhhhh summer classes start monday! ewwww 
Ughhhhhhh. 
UGHHHHHHHH TITANIC IS ON 
ughhhhhhhh! so bored.. 1 coworkers on vacation &amp; another one quit. no entertainment! 
ughhhhhhhhhh twitter is bing sooooo retarded 
ughhhhhhhhhhhh! headache hangover. i hate these 
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHH i just got done working 
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH....back to school 
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.. life is NOT good all the time!!!!!! 
ugh-study time 
ughughuguhguhghughhhhhhh. SPANISH ORALS and eeeeverything.. it's just all iritating me. I wanna do my essay  but I can't :'(
UGHwork.  I wanna be at the movies not here.
Ugly day  wanted to be outsidee
Ugly earthquake!  http://myloc.me/14T8
ugly girls always insist on making ugly faces!  ugh!
Ugly outside and work 7-3...i miss the sunshine 
uguuuuuu...boo finals  and tomorrow in general 
Ugweee weather 
uh at my grans for one week. mum and dad are away to spain  so wont be updatin as much, theres no wi-fi here and my grans comp is slooooww
Uh back to school today  then work after school. Back to reality.
Uh Barely slept last night, and woke about 4 times before giving up and getting up. Tired and nervous, stupid chemist. Stupid babies. 
uh don't want to go back tomorrow. 
uh feel real bored 
Uh haha people are so damn lame. I  can't wait to go back to california  beachbeachbeachbeach&lt;33
Uh i need glasses for the computer. I look like a tranny in them. 
uh im at wilby high skool it SOOOO boring and its summer... i hav to go to my moms work on summer vaca.. WTF   
uh man .  dropped alot of positions . from 40 to 50 . out of 89 participants 
Uh oh - just rec'd a msg confirming a vet appt tomorrow for me and Cali.  
uh oh ... i might have fleas 
uh oh ... may have issued another kiss of death on a british tennis player   Promise to zip it when Andy Murray comes on
Uh oh i think i broke the computer 
uh oh I think I'm gettn sick 
Uh oh I think my laptop is a bit ill...ipod and speakers will have to do today, bye bye spotify and facebook stalking 
uh oh monday tomorrow 
uh oh my parents said i cant go out tomorow  i hope i can
Uh oh!  She's complaining of a headache again....this is no good..... 
Uh oh! I forgot my hayfever medicine today 
Uh oh, Alf my cat has gone AWOL for 72hrs now so bit worried. But not the first time, have got some &quot;lost cat&quot; fliers in supply if needed 
Uh oh, car needs to be fixed 
Uh oh, feeling a touch of sickness coming on. Noooooooooo 
Uh oh, I am sunburned 
Uh oh, pack of teenies on my flight. Its gonna be a loud and annoying trip. 
Uh oh, Purcozet's wearing off and now I'm feeling MAD sleepy. ZZzzZZzzzzzZZzZZZZzzz... Can anyone bring me lunch? I can't drive like this 
Uh oh, that girl Deenadooda whatever shouldn't have tweeted her number. ONTD will give her a nervous breakdown. 
Uh oh. @keenanmmix turned it off. 
Uh oh. Grandma Ruby (98) fell down when playing bags... Headed to the hospital! Will keep you posted, she says she's ok but sore 
uh oh. im addicted to knock knock loving you... and finals are two weeks away 
Uh Oh. My Macbook is making a clicking noise... That doesn't sound good.... Ok it stopped. But still like whoa! 
uh oh. too much chocolate in a very short space of time makes me feel quite sick 
uh oh.. penalty time. i don't like it.  
uh oh... havent done my humanities homework 
Uh oh... I'm not feeling well 
Uh oh... Why do I have a fever all of the sudden? Not good... Btw, so sorry 
uh oh...tweeting has lost its charm! 
Uh oh..think I'm getting sick  not surprisedd.
Uh Os... iTouch isn't happy. I'm sorry iTouch, I'm not sure what I did, but I'm sorry. I've tried resetting it a few times 
uh still sick! but not as bad!!! yay! too bad my baby bird is now sick  I need to call a vet
UH tell me why its harder to pack what u originally brought in the 1st place??? ARGH!!! *sniff* last nite in Paradise 
Uh trouble andrew is a tranny disaster 
Uh twitterific isnt working 
Uh what happened to my background? No one has access to this computer but me+I was out shopping+it changed. Off to give back my camera 
uh, my leg hurts 
uh, pulled my back yet again.  
uh, someone entertain me to take my mind off this sickness. 
Uh, this month is a dragging. Better go to campus 
Uh, what the hell happened to the weather?? Mr. Sun, please don't mess around with me. 
uh, woke up with cramps. that was unexpected. hip flexors are super sore. not sure if this run is going to happen... 
uh,internet sucked for a moment 
Uh. Finally home, but completely wiped. 
uh. i dont think my nail polish looks good. 
Uh. Messed up my drama exam  Good thing though is that I am done!
Uh. Sometimes I wish I could live in the past. 
UH. The &quot;dead pixel&quot; is dust under the glass 
Uh. Tweet tweet people!!!! 
Uh.. I think i just canceled the whole installation... 
Uh.. this week has gone so slow. Its only Thursday! 
Uh... Rolled my ankle from bball yesterday.  Forgot to bring laptop to work today.  What a bad way to start the week!! 
uh...2morrow vacations end  need 2 do something for school... &gt;.&lt;
Uhg angels and demons was amazing but my sleep last night was not 
Uhg clowns scare the shistas out of me! Especially old ppl clowns 
uhg its soooo grosssss and i wanted this to be a good weekend!  well next weekend its of to wyomming yay i think
uhg whene is my fucking appointment?! i need new meds 
uhg, have 2 finish this stupid religion project 4 school. 
uhg...  cant breathe, stupid cold :/
Uhg... Not hungry. 
Uhgg i dont wanna wake up 4 school tomorrow! 
Uhh ,we have a mouse !  havent caught it yet , yuck!
Uhh blue screens of death suck! My computer is getting to that point where it might be kinder to take it out back and shoot it. 
uhh I forgot to lotion feet dealing with that girl! now I'm walking around with white-knuckled toes 
Uhh I soo wanna quit this job... Somebody rescue me from this hell I'm in 
uhh im sitting in ummm mcsalad waiting for my mcsalad meal 
Uhh just thinking out loud on twitter, last day before I take finals yuckkkkk! 
uhh no movies tonight  instead just picking up @meliamiller &amp; getting pizza &amp; renting movies.
uhh nothing to do 
Uhh ohh. I just got the MEANEST morning face ever... I think someone drank too much last night. Poor thing 
uhh ohhhhh...techical stuff 
Uhh too hungover to go to college today.. feel ill 
Uhh what can I do against headache? It feels like my head explode 
Uhh. It's not even 4 pm yet... I came in late, so I have to stay late too.  What am I have to do for another hour?!?! I guess more work...
uhh.. I should do the homework 
uhhg.. my family is watching the new transformers 
uhhggg I'm bout to get a cold 
UHHH  i don't want this for mi! 
uhhh i hate when friends ditch you foe people who are backstabbers 
uhhh i hate when friends ditch you for people who are backstabbers 
Uhhh I have a fever now, I can't stop sweating! What the hell man?!? I'm seriously feeling so miserable right now 
uhhh i NEED to get to NEW YORK IMMEDIATELY !! or buh-bye summer job 
uhhh i want to go back to bed 
uhhh its like 103 degrees outside and im still working. 
uhhh, my life is incomplete when twitter is down. 
uhhh, my tummy hurts. Im super nauseous. its making me super sick &amp; this headache isnt helping 
Uhhh, there's someone on JB.SG calling herself 'S'. For a moment, I kept thinking it was S, S  I miss admiring S in ze bus.
Uhhh. I hate being sick. especially before graduation. 
uhhh... spoke WAY too soon. 
uhhhh i ate toooooo much 
Uhhhh I can't breathe  forget being sick
Uhhhh I just fucken saw a cocaroach. 
Uhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! I have a dentist apointment 
uhhhh... I just ate too many cherries! Now I have a tummy ache. 
uhhhh... we definitely just got bogged in some sick mud!!!  fdjkd spazzing. nikki and jason are gonna come pull us out.
Uhhhhhh my donating arm hurts I think I'm going to sleeeeep  goodnight twitterr world (:
Uhhhhhh. Monday. 
uhhhhhhh updating my ipod at zachs since my comp shit the bed what the fuck! 
uhhhhhmmm....I hav nuffin 2 say. apart from....I like that Boom Boom Pow!! That song's stuck in ma head  aaahhhhh tweet tweet
uhhhhrr work &amp; class tomorrow 
Uhh-ohh  he tasted a booger and i dont think he liked it. 
Uhm ; I want my video  it would make my day. A million times better !!
Uhm so all of a sudden I miss my brother like a ton. Wish I get to see him more 
uhmm jazz thing tommorow / still feeling bad even though everyone says I shouldn't 
Uhmm... No she's in town. she went to Costa to relax. im sorry. 
Uhmm... what about spending summer holidays in the USA?? The only problem is that nobody wants to come with me 
Uhmmmm i definately feel like i got hit by a bus, train, plane, etc. Omg. Waking up sucksss 
uhmmmm wll getting ready for GRADUATION!! Im gonna MISS everybody!!!! People get ready to cry your eyes out, I know i am!!!    
uhoh  didnt hear oven bell go off. shortcrust pastry officially dead . gotta start again 
uh-oh  http://portableapps.com/ site hard down  
uhoh chipper made a mistake  braves still up 3-0
uhoh dance recital coming up  im nervous!
Uh-oh Orangeberry: not so berrytasty 
uh-oh uh-oh, someone haven't call me, he is going to break the promised ! 
Uh-oh! Twitter fail! 
Uh-oh, Glasto's gonna have to wait until the morning. I've only got one headlight 
uh-oh. i need to poop. 
uh-oh... dogs are in trouble now! They chewed up David's favorite toy! 
uh-oh... i'm laughing at an &quot;above the influence commercial&quot;... did they intend on me doing that? or am i broken? 
uhoh....loo has blocked up so it drains slowly... hope it just fixes itself, do not want to have to sort out a plumber tomorrow... 
uhoh...its Strep.  guess who else is likely going to get it?  the mamma that got throw up on yesterday.   Hope my little guy feels better.
Uhohs... I'm feeling the start of a flare up 
uhrmmm iwaaant too go c basshuntr in auckland,buht ithnk ihts sold owt! 
Ui!! Somebody has turned on the heat already... 
UJtgh anoth e headache (NN) misser djhonny ross  and BB :L)
UK Finance Bill 2009 enabling holding/issuing/trading of sukuks, incurring NO stamp duty land tax, may still trigger tax relief claw-back 
Uk weather back to normal i see  im wearing sleeves!
Ukraine 2 Croatia 2 after 68 minutes.  
ulled tendants in my calve  out for awhile  makes me sad
ultimate disaster, my makeup stylist quit on my last minute!! Now I'm guna look like Samatha Ronson at my album launch!!.. 
Ultimate training and after cycling back to Revnice = bad idea.... there are millions of some small flies around river 
Ultimate warrior, but my fav of all time was hulk hogan and macho man (b4 he became a bad guy) my bro used to do the figure4 on me  LoL
Ultrasound in the morning...with AF.  Grrrrreeeeaat.  I don't know who has it worse - me, the wand, or the poor technician... 
Um Apparently @Twitter's DM system is suckin balls today, so If you sent me one  and I didn't reply I probably didn't get it 
um facebook just disabled my account  and with no warning or anything!
Um I kinda forgot what I was gonna tweet 
um I still fly like my 2g iPhone but I hate looking at the cracked screen! 
um im ubber confused, &amp; yes it's over a boy  grrr! lol anywho, im super excited cuz this is my last FULL SCHOOL WEEK! =S
Um just got to theatre tried to eat for second time in 4 days and it's not working out so well 
Um k.. this is NOT Close My Eyes.. this song always makes me cry bc my mom is gone but I &lt;3 it anyway.. 
um on twitter ,msn and my mums buying another david archuleta necklace cos mine broke  but i get an evan cooler one 
Um really it's JUNE!!!!!! This is not right  http://twitpic.com/6ugyp
um theres a game on? is it sport?? what kind...oh rugby, we don't 'get' that over here  {giggle} working anyway 
Um went swimmimg in 65 deggress water today  And to top it all of im bored as hell
Um, having hard time signing off because it is well into the morning in Iran and there's nothing coming out of there.  Not a tweet. 
Um, not the battery. Ok, this isn't funny anymore...shoulda sold this heapa junk a lonnng time ago.  stranded in Venice?!
Um, one of my kittens just gobbled my acidopholous pill. I hope that is ok? Yikes. 
Um, Tweetdeck is being difficult for me.   Farmers Market today though!
Um, yeah the push pins wont go through my ceiling... 
um,, my head like hurts. real bad. 
um. um. um. &quot;America&quot; should have been performed instead. Oh, West Side Story. 
um. where's my phone? 
um... Work. In the rain. Yeehaw. 
Um.... TH's new website is kinda.... ugly..... 
Um.....Twittering? Right? My first time on here. But also, I can't sleep like usual 
um...not really. They've been gone for 2 months. 
um..my throat hurts 
Umf. I hate this. Such a epic fail 
Umhh how 
umm been sitting in traffic 4 half an hour, moved like 1/2 a mile 
Umm cooked breakfast, suns out pity I have work later 
umm French speaking/roleplay today  waa
Umm I just super fuuucckkkedddup in pong  sorry scott and danny
Umm I think I'm the only one who hasn't seen hangover . Can someone go with me 
Umm ok...I am sitting in the theater &amp; the only other people are 6 couples, who have strategically surrounded me  *sigh*
umm okay.. so yes I am a shopaholic.. but now it's a real bummer.. I have a fabulous wardrobe and no one to impress in my clothes 
Umm so I guess no more beer for me  I started drinking them this week and they give me horrible abdominal pains I don't understand  
umm so I lied about Steven Aoki he won't be here till next week  ....I got to see one of my besties who I haven't seen in forever though
umm some creeper is following me on this and for some reason it won't let me block? I'm a bit scared 
Umm twitz, think I should trans from LATTC to SMC? I need help  stupid summer classes at LATTC cxl'd due to budget cuts
UMM W T H...WHERE IS MY PIC AT...COME ON NOW TWITTER 
umm wings lost. boo hoo   thursday at 8 we will win!!!
Umm, how does one go about stealing a guard dog?    Langley guard dogs stolen  http://bit.ly/bVAYF #huh?
umm, my sunshine went away  please come back?!
Umm.. It's difficult to elaborate on that. 
umm.. sorry don't think i'm getting the beyonce dvd.  i was bamboozled!
Umm... I may have to move. 
Umm... not that nice a day right now 
Umm... off to work 
umm......emmmm how do you load pictures on this thing  i don't get it
Umm...so I def work for the sweetest youth group...Im gonna miss these guys 
Ummm 1/4 done studying for my history final.. And like 1/8 done for the night 
ummm added a picture! lol sorry don't have much of me. 
Ummm Disneyland is FULL.  turning around. Very sad. I was really looking forw... Read More: http://is.gd/12YEO
Ummm I don't feel so well 
Ummm I don't like driving in the mountains when it's cloudy 
ummm idont really kno how to use tweeter  lol ; but I made one cuz I have a thingy 4 it on myy fonee lol :[
Ummm so tired, what a boring weekend ahead 
Ummm the fan in this room just turned on full blast... All by itself 
ummm twitter is being mean to me and wont let me upload a pic. well  i dont see it. 
Ummm wuts wrong wit my computer?  it won't type right..like its typing backwards :/
ummm, i guess the ride was long. like 20 hrs or so, didnt keep track. im surprised how empty i feel when i lose contact with my friends 
Ummm. Triscuit stuck in my throat. No good. 
Ummm... forget my last comment, I pushed to hard and drowned the horse 
Ummm... KInda freaked out for some apparent reason! 
ummm...I seem to dislike Ms. dd blah blah blah... Does she love tom??! 
Ummm...I'm sorry, can someone please tell me why I am still awake at 4 am. Eyelids r getting heavy but sleep feels so far away. 
ummm..im soo confused!!!! i dnt kno wat i want or who i want!!!!! 
Ummmm my roommates are ignoring me  not answering my texts
ummmm who am i gonna go with now 
Ummmm...gonna go get this hair BUT gotta call my cuz. lol If she doesnt do it, im sure i can find somebody to 
Ummmm...posed to be going out, dressed and all. But its thundering and lightening out there  YIKES
ummmmmmm, what to do tonite, its gloomy out  not the June i what it to be
un able to re-dye my hair due to the stoopid bus, finish work @ 8 so the shops will b shut 
unable to  install virtual box  neither could I d/l the 'deb' file nor install it through apt-get
unable to bear this pain anymore ! Can somebody recommend me a physiotherapist in Kanpur 
Unable to install TweetDeck 
Unable to reproduce the demo crash locally. 
Unable to send or receive email since last night.  Please use my Gmail for now.
unaccustomed to brain numbing boredom of doing nothing 
Unbearably bored. Guess I'll just turn on the tv and watch some stupid tv shows. 
Unbeknownst to me, I've been attacked by mosquitoes! Those little blood suckers love me. This makes for an itchy &amp; unhappy Brenda 
Unbelievable french open action. Sharapova on now - wishing hantucova was on instead. Pity about ivanovic 
unbelievable sights, indescribable feeling. soaring, tumbling, freewheeling. through an endless sky, a whole new world ! a wondrous place 
Unbelievable!  All I can see is sun!  Oh wait there's clouds headed our way 
Unbelievably exhausted 
Unbelievably I have to go to work  And its a stupidly nice day... catch ya laters...
unbelieveable im an hour behind schedule    
Unbelieveable! 
Unbelieveable, I haven't Twittered all day. Must be the novocaine and 1 hours dental drilling  Sympathy accepted.
Un-Broke: I guess my cutie Seth Green was earlier? *sniff* Sorry I missed him. 
Uncharted 2 must look awesome, shame I can't watch it now 
Uncharted looks amazing! Wish I was there to have a fiddle in the booth. 
Uncle Dicks funeral and and luncheon with the family... Its going to be a very long day 
uncle doug take me back to LA with you please 
uncle has cancer and might have to get his stomach taken out. 
Uncle Ron been to Jpn several times &amp; he liked it, but it was so expensive. Glad that you enjoyed yourself :} Back home and stressed 
Uncle's farewell party, he's going on his 2nd tour of IRAQ  &quot;Arms are for hugging&quot;
uncontrollable little kids should not b allowed on a peak hour train... now i have oreo smeared all over my skirt 
undecided....E63 or N95? hay 
under pressure to get these feckin essays done by thurs arghhh! 
Under quarantine for 5days.. 
Under sooooo much stress lately 
under the knife i go! ahh. im officially scared 
Under the weather 
underestimated the tenacity of his newly acquired stomach &quot;friends&quot; and is postponing the trip to LA  
Underperformed at the gym todayâ€¦and ruing the effects of a 4 week lay-off 
Understanding children final, then back to bed till 1,then driving school 
understands why car insurance is high in HI... my car got hit for the 3RD time in one month! 
Undoing my perfect, intricate hair for prom is painful 
Unexpected, unbelievable, unaccepted..  I'm gona miss u a lot!! :'(
UNF AND ONE WHY ARE YOU SO HOT  STUPID ELECTRO   IN GERMAN   
unfaithfuL mee'yah 
unfortunate future organ donor members: teenagers biking on the street sans helmets while iPod'ing...  
unfortunately cant call @dontaycotita  haha.
unfortunately 'getlibs' didn't solved my issue ... 
Unfortunately I can't try tethering until I upgrade my data package with my service provider. 
Unfortunately I did not win on my bingo scratch n win card  boo!
unfortunately i have become a spammer.  #trackle
Unfortunately I have to work tonight 
Unfortunately I must ask, did Jewel write &quot;Life Uncommon&quot; or was it ghost written? Same goes for Aerosmith with &quot;Dream On.  &quot;Phooey!!!
Unfortunately I was too tired to put Dawn Metropolis on last night 
Unfortunately I'm on my own again...I've managed well so far-but it's now the long slog til Friday when Grace gets back 
Unfortunately installing an operating system in a virtual machine does not count as studying for my operating systems exam 
unfortunately lost my retainers. it was poorly taken to the trash after we had dinner at a restaurant. 
Unfortunately my meetings went late today so no @m0nty at @MTUB today.  Maybe after footy season is done.
Unfortunately my mobile is off and I don't have the charger. We are a little bit off schedule as another bike broke down 
unfortunately my research proposal wont write itself 
unfortunately my ripped copy of Groundhog Day is out of sync  Time to re-rip the bastard and choose another movie to watch...
Unfortunately my treatment sucked  but I'm learning.. It was just a workshop for select writers.. No job offer haha but in the long run..
Unfortunately that won't be happening tonight!  
Unfortunately the 160h+ of Trance tracks I have are not correctly ID3'd... this will be fun! 
Unfortunately the mist didn't turn into actual rain.  I'm pretty disappointed about it 
Unfortunately the wine and food mostly all sucked - $70 wasted    Feelin really sick...
Unfortunately there will be no YouTube picks until I return to the site next month. Sorry folks 
Unfortunately Twitter wont let me use Twitter in my URL  So OTHBugs it is!
Unfortunately we are seeing Star Trek after all  However we did grab some Flying Pizza and are on our way home to enjoy it!
unfortunately work rears it's ugly head again. looks like today is gonna be a mostly offline day 
Unfortunately working.... 
Unfortunately, because of the busy day and busy night, no slumber party night tonight and therefore no spn this week at all 
unfortunately, i did not get my wish last night. it's monday, and i am sooo not ready for today 
unfortunately, i don't know a thing about them 
Unfortunately, I seem to be really painfully allergic to at least one of the new kids. My eyes were swollen half shut this morning.  
Unfortunately, I'm going to bed very soon... DAMN TWITTER!! Why'd you have to cut my night short? 
unfortunately, it means the difference between miyazaki and Disney's Atlantis 
Unfortunately, the first human aggressive pit incident 
Unfortunately, yes.  http://plurk.com/p/y48y4
Unfortunatley for him, she's not in the mood.   http://yfrog.com/10f5gjj
Unfortunatley, AerLingus no longer fly to Copenhagen so we're have to fly Ryanair to Billund and drive up to Copenhagen one of the days! 
Unfortunatly no  but I plan to get one very soon!  @luw1z
unfortunly not watching mitchell and webb as tv upstairs isnt properly tuned  instead watching may contain nuts
unfourtnately im bored. on the weekend. what a shame 
Ungh 17/20 for my first statistics quiz.  Must study stratified sampling with proportional allocation 
Ungh just woke up   Hopefully i can fall back asleep in a hour or two
unhappy about my lack of discipline 
Unhappy now 
Unhappy to miss a meetg 2nite. Car battery died! By time got help, too late  
unhappy today 
Unhearted, is basically describing my life right now 
Uni finished for the day now off to work 
Uni passwords sorted. Sorry folks. Not every tweet can be as entertaining as Cunty McFuckface 
Uni sucks! Have to leave home at 12:00 to attend a lecture at 14:30 to 16:30.  &amp; roadworks everywhere - MT installing fibre cables.
uni today...which in turn means law society committee meeting...how dreadully dull 
Uni work to be done 
Uninstalled Inquisitorx, as its Google search has not worked for some time now. SAD times 
Uninstalling Mass Effect  I'm not prepared to play it at 8 frames per second. Anyone want to lend me their X360?
uninstalling sims2 to make room for sims3... i have no life 
Unintentionally hurt someone very close to me.  My day-to-day life seems bleak.
Uninvited 
union was just ok  , foam was it worth it ? lol
United beat on penalties. How sweet. Sorry Charlie 
United fan stabbed in Rome. The game hasnt even kicked off yet  that's Italian fans for ya though http://tinyurl.com/o6xahb
united states, posted allot of info u may decide 2 look at, sad news  j  @georgescifo Yes I am in India. where r u from?
Universal healthcare...where are you?  Cigna sucks 
Universe, I'm feeling creative now! Why must it be time for Spanish class? D: No me gusta estudiar. 
University of Florida considering 15% tuition increase. The cost is currently under half the nations average. Not for long 
University work is so boring 
Unless I am missing something with bing.com, you don't get alot of cool features unless country/region is set to United States - English 
Unless I start studying harder, this is looking like a B quarter...not good. too bad none of my classes are curved 
unless it's something i don't wanna know!! reading about diseases online is a bad idea! 
unless someone would like to talk to me... im awfully lonely 
Unless they don't like me 
unloaded Spaz - crashed... 
Unlocking costumes like a motherbitch on M:UA...wish I had a cape 
unlucky pants    today: lemonade, earlier: white russian in the middle of the dance floor
Unofficially annoyed! 
unpacking 
Unpacking  I need some downtime
Unpacking  then headin' to the river
Unpacking at the new apartment! I don't want to leave EC 
unpacking is a bitch 
Unpacking listen to the clash missing my boys 
unpacking some shit this duffle is heavier than me 
Unpacking, homework... normal Sunday things.  School tomorrow  !
unpleasant surprise, user complains about the library twitter account twits and reply. This thing is very tricky 
unproductive day  doing a few flashcards now...
Unproductive yet good weekend with Ry. I hate parting 
unreachable. 
Unsatisified with austins hair. 
Unscripted Paul McCarney and Ringo Starr talking about The Beatles Rock Band = Not that entertaining. 
Unstable broadband and electricity taking toll on my mental stability. 
Unsuccessful at getting @blink182 Irvine tickets yet again.. 
Unsuccessful night of partying  lame
unsuccessful shopping day.  opening ceremony is still entertaining though.
Unsuccessful shopping trip 
Unsucessful day shopping 
Unsure of the way i feel about him. IM CONFUSED, HELP ME!! 
Unsure what to do 
Until further notice, my phone is dead 
Until I have my coffee all I hear is BlahBlahBlah....Monday grumps 
until we meet again 
until yesterday i thought japanese girls didnt gossip 
Unveiled Community site is down, -&gt;&gt; http://community.myunv.co.cc I have no clue what's wrong.. 
unwanted and hungry 
UNWRAPPED IS TALKING ABOUT EAST COAST CUSTARD RN AND THEY ARE THE BEST. someone take me to cleveland. someone give me my grandpa back 
uon't go to school today. Sorry sports jrn 
UP  / Live action BECK movie with Hiro  / Hinouchi getting fired from her company  / my computer taking 5min to open winamp 
Up &amp; at em! Didn't go to church, mom said i was sick and shouldn't go. What are the chances of getting sick just when the holidays start? 
up &amp; everything hurts, bball should be fun  finally got my check in the mail from the elections got paid $12 more  going to eat now!
up &amp; runnin' fast!  Alex has work BEFORE i take twins to school!!! really miss that other car 
Up &amp; Thee Sweetie Aint  Smfhh Well Agh Guess i Mite Fall Out w.Thee Gang .
Up :} great movie! pretty sad  splurging today? ha!
Up 3d was sold out  Up 2d ca sera !!
Up after 5 hours of sleep. Hitting to my new tennis championship in Fontenay Sous Bois, it's gonna be tough 
Up again! YAY! Feel much more awake. But I feel like I've slept away my entire morning! 
up again....I really need 2 go 2 da doctors about dis insomnia....I can't remember da last time I had a good night sleep!....ughhhhh 
up all night ..baby had her injections ..poor little thing 
Up already on my day off lol gotta big spring clean to do today, joy!! Wish I was going to liverpool instead 
Up an at em! a long day, .mtg with superbowl 2010 staff. alot on my mind today, gotta shake it off! 
Up an idk y 
Up and about to try and enjoy this gloomy saturday.... Guess @Princesuave and da crew aint goin to nobody beach today. 
up and about, had breakfast of cereal and coffee. Forgot there was tasty toast to be eaten  ....there's always tomorrow I guess.
Up and about, Tiger at +4 after the 1st round 
Up and at 'em - gotta get the car into the shop by 7:00 A.M. and ride my bike back.  Second time in traffic since my accident in 2003!  
Up and at 'em, it's sunny in the West End going for a quick walk then I've got work to to 
Up and at 'em.  Still have a cold.  
Up and at 'em. Did not sleep well   It looks like a great day. Careful dropping trees.
Up and at em. Off to waste an hour at the garage as they try, and probably fail, to fix my mobile phone car kit. 
up and at the local libary... today is payday for some, and me   but thats okay...
up and at um.    Sunshiny a.m., low humidity and guess what...I have ironing to do.  
up and awake. still shattered 
Up and awake. Time for AP essay ALL DAY LONG and tomorrow starting at noon. 
Up and blessed, trying to kickstart all these ideas through this sinus headache. 
Up and dressed now. Apart from that not up to much today  its wet 
Up and feeling so ill 
Up and gettin' ready 4 work....so sleepy 
Up and getting ready for a new day. Vacation is over 
Up and getting ready. Now wal mart 
up and last day  im sad
Up and moving... my dad home when he should be working.. im due to work at 12 
up and nearly ready for the aquarium! don't want to say byeeeee to nick though, another one off to smelly Paris 
Up and need more sleep 
Up and need to work...but iTunes isn't letting me upgrade to 3.0 yet! Why does it have to be on U.S time? 
Up and not feeling well 
Up and out... Build a bear status  I dnt like waking up this early..smh
up and ready for school.  still not feeling well  but I have to go. need time with my friends ( :
Up and ready for the day  , Doesn't look like the day is ready for me &quot;its raining&quot; 
Up and ready for work  sad times mmm toast http://twitpic.com/4j8hc
Up and running early! Headed 2 court 2 get a damn extention on this speeding tix I got! Noooooo rainy friday!!!  let's make it a great day
Up and running with iPhone 3.0 now, but still on AT&amp;T's 19th century network 
Up and sick. 
Up and soo tired! I got surgery after work! Didn't sleep well at all 
Up and time to get ready for work already  http://myloc.me/5zxe
Up and tired couldnt sleep at all last night  my stomach hurts ugh 
up at  7 a.m. can't sleep...tossed &amp; turned all night...well through the 4 hours I managed to actually sleep.  what is up with me?
'Up' at 1:30. Anyone interested in joining can reach me via text, tweet, phone call or smoke signal. Not spotlight, needs new bulb, sorry 
up at 2.40 and cant go back to bed 
Up at 3 am for 6am flight 
Up at 3 am for a usual pregnancy bathroom break, but it's unusual that I can't go back to sleep! 
up at 4:30 am. taking more medicine. so achy &amp; stopped up   yuk!
up at 5 am trying to get my fucking homework done 
Up at 5.58am on a sunday, something is wrong with me. Got woken up cos I was cold 
Up at 5:45 on a Saturday? It's wrong. Just wrong. But being wide awake + an over-busy brain = no chance of a lie-in 
Up at 5a.m wishing I was all cuddled up asleep with the kids.... 
Up at 5am  my body thinks its still in germany and its noon, silly body.
Up at 5am again. Haven't slept much the last 3 days. 
up at 5am getting assignment done &gt;.&lt; head aches, and ulcer on lip burns  all i want is to get back to bed.. *sobs*
Up at 5am on my day off   good thing I have all day to take a nap...  http://myloc.me/24xP
up at 6 again. i've forgotten what a lie in feels like 
Up at 6 am, going for a smoke, finish the rest of my gardening, hopin h-town will want to chill soon, twitter is depressing 
up at 6:15 on a sunday morning and feeling miserable... my allergies are getting the best of me. 
up at 6:30am 
up at 6am bored and restless. been up all night. 
up at 6AM? why you ask? because even Nyquil does NOT work on me. 
up at 7:45am.......not a morning person, particularly when it comes to being up to revise before a 9.30 exam 
Up at my dads trailer. wireless is not working 
Up at this stupid hour, after being out last night not good. Saying goodbye to my twin today. 
Up because I don't feel well 
Up bright and early for a busy day at work..not the brightest day and not the brightest lad..its 04:45  !!!
Up bright and early to do work after 2 hours sleep 
up bright and early.. Getting coffe from lisa... Free coffee = so happy lol. Study study study timeee   Then packing&amp; italy tonighttt 
Up bright and early...with a cold 
Up can't sleep constantly coughing 
up crusing thank god its friday pity i've got a job &amp; i got shit to do! 
Up doing a paper and studying for Bio exam tomorrow! yay.... 
Up doing this test for history I really wish I had some help 
Up earlier because of a stupid orthadontist appointment 
Up early  shower then off to work w/ the twins today http://myloc.me/q4V
Up early  taking my padre to breakfast for fathers day. then to the airport.
up early :/ damn im sick 
up early a not much to do  some domestic chores then an afternoon with a good book I fancy...weather prohibits much more 
up early about to head to by job on campus then class later.... I just want to sleep in all 
up early again  loads to do- but the suns out, hurrah!
up early again  y me yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy??????????????
Up early again for work. 
Up early again.  i'd like to thank my sister for getting Mama Mia songs stuck in my head.
Up early against my will  direct tv guy is here ugh. Need Coffee stat!!!!!
up early and cranky 
Up early and feeling sick. 
Up early and out the door to meet TJ on set. Im so tired, went out till 4am last night  Long hot day ahead
Up early as i had planned. Going to go shopping now before it gets busy. Shame its raining - no gardening for me later 
up early as usual. Feeling the effects of 3.5 hrs sleep 
Up early as usual. I can't help it my body clock is stuck  Going to a bbq later Happy Birthday @cheekychen!!
up early as usuall my publicist is back in the hospital please pray for her everyone god bless her HB 
up early awaiting a plumber - tis chilly this morning and I left my coat at work 
Up early cause I feel sick again    Good Morning My Twitts and Twatts!!
up early doing history  laaame
Up early even though I feel asleep late. schooooool! 
Up early for a package being delivered, wouldn't care but its not even for me, Its for ma brother 
Up early for class. ((Blahh))-------&gt; Hang Over kiddies 
up early for doctors  then school abit later. Then a week off. yay.
UP early for school... for once. this is a suprise. I wish i was famous  I wouldn't have to go through this whole &quot;school&quot; thing. 
up early for take that  i need a coffee and pain killers 
Up early for work n sad my grandparents r leaving 
Up early got a long drive to London this morning.  Hope the traffics okay on the way. Got a bit of work to do when I get back 
Up early hoping more sun comes out ... Probs wont tho 
up early hoping to get something done before I head to the apple store....phone stopped working 
Up early on my way to the airport  time 2 go home I'm sad
Up early on Saturday  off to work... Bring on the sunshine!!!!!!!
Up early preparing to do some work  Monsoon conditions at present in Sarf London.
Up early studying 
Up early to get an oil change for my car and do a couple of errands before heading for Las Vegas.. so tired 
up early to get work done, but class site is down for maintenance  http://bit.ly/YvLT8
Up early to shopping  yuck.....
Up early to study for a Spanish test! Verbs and irregular verbs suck! If I don't get them in English why would I get them in Spanish? 
Up early today...  getting the girls ready for their sleep overs tonight- one staying here with a friend, one leaving.  uneasy about it. 
Up early tomorrow, hope the Elgin Doctors will see me... have the biggest fuck-off ulcer on the back of my throat! And sore ears  Ouch!
Up early with carter, he's stuck on eastern time! Wish I would have slept better last night! 
up early, going inner tubing and jet skying today YEY so excited! Two hour drive ahed thought 
Up early.  It's cold this morning in NE !! June 1st??? In the 40s here !  
Up early. Knee throbbing. Maker Faire 99% out now. Possibly Califur too. Same torn ligament as before I think. No insurance tho. 
Up early. My Yorkie isn't feeling well. Hope today is better than yesterday. I miss my Dad.  Happy Fathers Day!!
Up early. On the road now...8 hour drive 
Up early. Wanna go back to bed 
up early....not a good night 
Up early...CMA fest is over  bk to reality lol
Up early..couldn't really sleep 
Up feeding Nathan again. He fell asleep for like an hour 
-up feelin happy then got sad knowin it wasn't real,in my dreams of her I end up crushd  must stop dreamin her soon! Ok my tweeps
up for a little bit. I just wanna go back to bed.  but that seems impossible. lets see what happens.
Up for DMB, dr., then slept all day. Have a fever, no big deal, but Dad couldn't come down tonight.  Here's hoping for next weekend!
Up for hours already 
up for the 4th time tonight...dog is having his monthly seizures..even though I pay fuckloads for the Vet to always say he's fine. /rant. 
up for the day after a long night. wish i could sleep.  miss you grandpa. &lt;3
Up for the grand prix, safety car start 
Up for the last breakfast in Dublin  #eahil2009
Up for work at 8 
up for work. 
up freaking early 
Up from my nap i need to mow the back yard blah 
Up getting ready for school.. Feeling a little sick. 
Up getting ready for staff meeting 
Up getting ready for work. Dreading it. Nobody but me I am going to get robber blind  hate it and ppl at work who cock it up 
up having a little time to myself b4 work. don't wanna work. 
Up holding Rae. She just threw up all over me &amp; has an underarm fever of 103.8!  Please pray for my sweet girl!
Up in pain due to the Italian food we threw up last night...my entree was healthy, but even olive oil makes my pancreas angry. 
Up in Toronto ay, visiting family and friends... my phone tweet doesn't work up here   Off to a day of sight seeing, YAY for Canada ;)
Up is a seriously sad movie. 
Up is having technical difficulties!!!  #pixar #up  http://twitpic.com/68rxg
Up is only opening here in August? I wish our movie distributors would stop postponing Pixar movies for holidays. 
UP is out today!!! Why why why why does my head hurt so badly??!?!??!!?   I want to see it!!!
UP IS THE CUTEST MOVIE IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLDDD!!!! MADE ME CRY  BUT MAKESME SOO HAPPPY. CANT STOP SMILING 
UP is the saddest movie i've ever seen 
Up late again.. Gosh i cant seem 2 finish da research paper.. ive only completed 4 pages out of 8  Torture 2morrow!! Its my last chance
up late again...this sleep thing...can someone explain how it works???? i'll prolly be up til 5 a.m. again 
Up late doing laundry... No Bueno 
up late doing whackk school work. 
Up late today, 10am, need to get to bed before 2am every night, not good.  http://bit.ly/IKsjI
UP LATE WATCHING WATCHING MOVIES AND DOWNLOADING MUSIC ... I TRIED TO DO THE RIGHT THING, THE ANGER WAS TOO MUCH I GUESS.   
up late with my puppy. she is sick 
Up late with nothin 2 do..... 
Up late.  Wish I had a lady to give me a back rub   Bored.  Finna edit some Epic Adventure footage...
up late....cant sleep 
Up listenin 2 the Beatles . Nasty ass weather in ATL 
Up listening to the thunderstorms, so much for it being nice out. No more beach plans this afternoon 
Up looking crazy. I can't sleep. What a weekend. 
Up mad early for work meeting  I hate mornings lol
UP MADE ME CRY 
Up made me cry again 
up made me cry!  but its really good &amp;	everyone loved it. twins won't stop saying &quot;SQUIRREL!&quot; lol
Up making breakfast for Taina.. only a couple more hours till I have to be back on set.. Can I get 5 more minutes 
Up my tweeties. TGIF oh wait I work tomorrow. 
Up n ready to leave not so dry Wycombe  its been fun
up nice and early for another day in the sun must clean my car though it has cobwebs on it now 
Up north with Summer on a sick ass road trip.  back to the bumbo clot tmrw...  
up now ... gonna have a lonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng day and night ,,, my son sick  
UP NOW tHiNKiN. MiSSiN HiM MORE tHEN HE KNOWS  UgHHhH gOiN BACk tO SlEEP
up nuthin to do, cant sleep not feelin to  gd 
up on a Saturday and going to work....    but at least last night was really fun. wish you where there
Up on Saturday  http://myloc.me/4CuK
up quite early this morning.. watching scrubs. terrible weather again 
Up rocking my 7 month old who's not feeling to good right now 
up since 230. Ready to scream. I can't do this by myself for 2 weeks. 
Up since 3:00. Going to be a looooong day. 
Up since 4am. Feeling sick and alone. But the day goes on. 
Up so early! 
Up super early for no reason at all 
Up super early, and where is my phone? 
up takin care of business...OoOo yea I hate bills man!!!  on a goOd nOte its a beautiful day..
up this early...for school 
up this morning a little jaded...Promove, Angelique, interview, food, Post, Walton...OUT?  *tears*
Up till late again probs... slept earlia 
Up to #fete de la musique. Why do Element of Crime play in Prenzlberg?? Feels like kind of sellout to Kreuzberg. 
up to phase #2 with BizCha.mp ... looks like I've got a whole lot more tweaking to do though! 
Up too early 
Up too early  all for free yummy egg harbor
Up too early on my day off 
Up too early, trying to go back to sleep but it's not working! 
up too early. missing my boy. 
up too late blogging last night!  Ready for a happy hour in NYC!
Up untill 4.30am, Up at 7. 
up up and away....ugh epic fail 
UP up up up up. Sigh. It's only wednesday 
Up w. @juuuiicyz mad EARLY. Someone tell me wtf I have my dot 
up waaaayyy too early on a Monday morning 
up waaay too early due to restless spouse and child - boo 
up waay too early  the sun is ouuut tho ! good &amp; bad sides about it.... running for cheer practice in the sun ? oooooooh, not fuuun,
Up was amazing and so super duper sad!!!! I bawled!  but so good!
UP was amazing, especially in 3D. Dealt with a lot of heavy themes for a PIXAR movie. I wish my life was in 3D 
UP was awesome! Everyone should go see it.  But the stupid theatre didn't show the Pixar short film. 
Up was bomb diggity!! Made me tear 
Up was considerably more adult then I thought it was. Pretty sad too, it had it's fun moments but was very sad 
Up was good, too bad we didn't get any ice cream though 
Up was pretty good.  But movie + drama + sugar = a 9 yo with a headache that curled him into the fetal position.  Poor boy. 
Up was sad 
Up was so saaaddd.  but there were two annoying little brats next to me.... so .... it want that fun. too many kids...i dont like kids...
Up was such a sad movie! I cried 4 times durring it!  Oh god, ELLIE!
up watching strikeforce fights, diaz looked good, alrovski didnt.. abit tired and have got work now  lame
Up way to early to take @ksobe1230 to the airport!  http://myloc.me/4qlE
Up way too damn early   School till 8 tonight
Up way too early 
Up WAY too early  watching the Hills.
Up way too early but need to go to work. So sad  Happy living my life in an air conditioned stupor.
Up way too early for Saturday! 
up way too early to go to work at 4am 
up way too early to move some boxes into the new place...also spending the rest of the day trying to prevent an oncoming cold 
Up way too early today. 
Up WAY too early!  Couldn't sleep.  Either could Jules. 
up way too early...birds chillin on the window unit...sounds like they r tryin to come inside...i don't like birds 
Up wayyy to early 
up waz so sad!!!! Flt like crying but didnt! the old mans wifey died  but â™¥ the lil chubby dude &amp; the dog &amp; the bird named kevin
Up well earli today I was hoping for a lyin but my bro woke me aww man  haha it's only like 10
Up with a sick kid 
Up with a sore neck and back.  Somehow hurt my back while tanning last night. Twisted myself into some unnatural shape and *snap* ouch!
Up with Jaya...She having the roughest night!! Fever still hasn't broke!! 
Up with my little girls..just gave jes her medicine. She STILL isnt feeling any better. My poor baby. 
Up with the baby 
Up with the kids at 4 AM...grr...I miss my sleep!!!   If the hubby would keep quiet when he gets up for work, he wouldn't wake the kids.
Up! Chloe's sick...I'm SO sleepy 
up!! Toe hurts  going to buy a book today.. Still don't know which one xD
Up, at it and awake...WITH A HEADACHE!    Gonna have some fun today...but don't know what yet...maybe Norfolk Botanical Gardens!  
up, bit tired, got to walk the dog but actually not feelin the best!!!!!!!!  was gonna watch somerset but got a game tonight to run!!! :I
Up, checked on my friend's doggie because he went on a trip.  Doggie's pretty different today.....
up, not very awake. . . listening to @jowhiley and writing my documentary script which is harder than i thought  xx
Up, on tube already. Bit of a shock to the system only tempered by the fact i need 2 be here @ least 1hour earlier tomorrow! 
Up, one hour later than I sat my alarm til  Now I don't have all the time I want. Need to do it all faster
up, refreshing engadget and gizmodo every min hoping iphone 3.0 is out.  Its not yet though 
Up. These roads must b serous. We just passed the 3rd accident scene. Let's pray for everyone's health. 
Up. Walking. Hungry. All good signs. Looking around @ 2 much 2 do. 
up....and realizing all the errands i need to run i shoulda ran yesterday 
Up..and another day of school...then the WEEKEND!!! whoo...although il be stuck indoors studying for it  boooo
Update - Space Marine seems to be console only.  Damn! But it looked good!
update 3.0 for my iPhone - was hoping to buy a Sat Nav app straight away - no luck 
update already 
update complete, now tinkering with the new settings. but i don't think the new OS fixed my glitch  #iPhone
Update did NOTHING for my ghetto iPhone 
Update from phone not working 
Update iPhone 3.0 but does not see video 
Update 'My Briefcase'.. it hung 
Update on food... Dunkin Donuts has horrible customer service 
Update Sunday - Tooth pain is a big pain 
update! tuesday-saturday= fun  tomorrow = revision  but i'm happy if i have sunshine! could do with some credit though man!
Update: Cody can get the new 3gs at the $200 price in July. But I have to wait til March! 
update: Lock smith not needed. Friends mom has my spare keys. She was supposed to drop it off. I'm on my break and i can't leave. 
Update: RM apparently had an accident at his home.  - http://bit.ly/HMuLm
Update: the chocolate-coconut pinwheels aren't as bad as I originally anticipated. It's too early for a Saturday 
updated iPhone to OS 3.0 - application updates are taking much longer than before 
Updated my #iPhone but mms not yet working 
Updated my BB software this AM. Took hours to install. Lost several apps and settings. Almost back to normal. 
Updated my blog after almost a month.. These exams are killing me 
Updated my phone- it rocks!! Then I promply dropped it outside and broke off my ringer button   I suck 
Updated my post on N-Gage for N97. Bloody Cockup! 
updated my twitter  isn't it tweet ;D baha . misses sammie 
updated NBN. Can't say I'm excited, nothing but old art... where has my muse gone? 
updated nokia pc suite....couldnt find any changes in new version though 
Updated to the latest iPhone firmware... ***** hosed everything except my contacts  having to redownload everything one thing at a time.
updated toiletrush's script to avoid copy &amp; paste crashing problem in 3.0, but the gps problem still exists 
Updates here and on the web site will be few and far between for the next couple of weeks - webmasters laptop died! 
updating and mining my contact database.... grewling work 
Updating Clips4Sale store, my favorite job ever!!!  NOT
updating my BB storm... phone less for 2 hours. 
updating my itunes, I can't believe my Sara Bareilles cd is missing 
updating my laptop, since i damaged my mac recently. 
Updating my parents' E-safety workshop for tomorrow evening - thought I had done it already 
Updating on some of my works. :| Aching Throat! 
updating religion book for marking tmoro. my head feels awfully sore 
Updating the new freeroll script 
updating the resume and applying for a different job. 
Updating to iPhone OS 3.0, but the 3GS upgrade will wait til February.  BTW, best features of 3GS are the camera, compass, and tethering..
Upfronts 2009 : ABC did not pick up the Lauren Graham show 
Upgrade 3.0 foiled by activation server 
Upgrade on second machine didn't go so well. I think it needs CPR  Trip to lab tmr to reboot!
Upgraded my laptop from Ubuntu 8.04 to Ubuntu 8.10 LTS, it's now enroute to Ubuntu 9.10 LTS. Black screen on 8.10 this morning though 
Upgraded to 3.0 but now I have no phone service. Sads... 
Upgraded to a wheezing......damn! Finally going to doctor this afternoon. 
Upgrading age... installing version 41 - It runs slower 
Upgrading MacOS didn't fix my problem. Uninstalling Flash Catalyst... 
Upgrading my iPhone OS to 3.0. Wish me all the best 
Upgrading my ROM now. Hope it'll be smooth, else, I wont have phone to use 
Upgrading to Ubuntu 9.04, nice   8.04 ~&gt; 8.10 ~&gt; 9.04 #wtf
Upload didn't solve my problems #sonysucks so back to the drawing board to start from square one in the morning. 
Upload speed is so much faster in the US... Going home on Wednesday is going to feel like going back to the dark ages 
uploaded all of the pics from last nights #diggnation meetup tinyurl.com/q9vb96 some of them are pretty bad 
uploading a video of me opening presents.  i got overwhelmed and started crying   thank you all very much again for the birthday wishes!
Uploading a video to youtube i have no subscribers 
Uploading Cebu pics. Missing dada. 
uploading myrtle beach pictures, miss it 
uploading new video. I think 500 MB will take hours 
uploading photo... gonna be a long night 
Uploading pictures. Tick tock tick tock. Poor Toshio is overworked for a laptop his age 
Upon learning of #starwarsday, L has decided that people (esp. me) are sad. No chance of a RotJ-style Leia outfit tonight then? 
upp ; i can't sleeep smh  o wells sign my sonqq
Upper Crust seem to have a monopoly on uk train station catering 
Upppp . So gloomy these days! 
Upppp wayyy to earlly 
uppy uppy!!gonna get rdy to take mom to doc...remind me to buy chicken broth! i 4got it yest 
Ups and downs. Down today.  
ups guy is on the way  bye bye phone, you were awesome if not a bit faulty.
UPS had an &quot;exception&quot; with my package of components for the Gristlelizer, so I won't get 'em until tomorrow. No soldering tonight.  
UPS I want my Big Whiskey!! Why are we last on your route?? 
ups ketauan cabut sama @gemamalove @chikachilo nih 
UPS trackers are really niffty. My phone is in Tyler, TX! Yay... I miss it 
UPS Tracking says that my new iPhone 3G S is still in China. Starting to doubt I'll get it on Friday 
UPS tried killing me with a box at work today! 
upsb has a temp site for now 
Upset - lost my site while transferring it to godaddy from a friend to me, now can't set it back up   I am LOST!
Upset  Video as to why will be posted NEXT weekend.
Upset + cold 
Upset about the house 
UPSET BECAUSE MY iPHONE IS BROKEN AND I CAN'T EVEN TEXT MY BABY TO TELL HIM TO HAVE A GREAT DAY AT WORK 
upset cause my bab wont come do lunch with me today 
Upset cause my bb internet isn't working  boo hoo...
Upset didnt make allstars 
UPSET GOIN THRU WITH DRAWL FROM MY BABE 
upset how my nail polish got all messed up 
Upset i am crusing to the radio i left my ipod at home  i feel naked
upset i was all dressed n ready 2 go out w my girls then had an allergy attack. swollen eye n none stop sneezing is NOT fun 
upset over the blackberry! I am not materialistic!!! Am I? I don't use it's internet capabilities so I don't NEED it...but this new one 
upset stomach = no hiking 
Upset that @imcudi won't be able to drop sky might fall when transformers 2 drops  Gym has been calling my name, time to answer!
Upset that facebook isn't working 
upset that he's mad at me for no reason 
Upset that my brother saw Joey Greco and I didn't. 
Upset that Raul and Roman are leaving to Seattle, WA tomm... 
upset that some of my favorite bands aren't playing Warped this year. 
Upset to day .. Me best pal is ina comer 
Upset Twitter screwing w/my favorites. I put everything in there I might respond to &amp; then delete when done to stay organized. Now can't 
Upset!  i no he doesnt know me but he doesnt have to be meen! and if he thinks im obsessed NO! im not!
upset, i want to tell him but i cant bring myself to do it.....he's upset too 
upset. doesn't know what to do.  so many people are after me, it seems. what the heck?!       I must be a horrible person. 
upset. not ceeing Short stack or the bride today 
upset.. saw these really awesome Ed Hardy shoes but didn't have any in my size 
upset... Needing a new transmition 4 my jeep 
upside: my computer can fix the router all by itself. downside: apparently this involved undoing &quot;save tabs&quot;...&amp; 1h theme camp app work. 
Upsidedown tomato plants died!    
upstairs brushing dust off  i cant breath with this mask on!
upstairs neighbor stomped on their floor for me to stop playing guitar.  i feel so deflated.  
upstairs neighbors making sexytime.. 
Uptake.org overloaded with Franken feed 
Uptime 717am  tired tears
UQ campus has a case of H1N1. what?? at least wait for me to go back to msia 1st.. 
uqh! all mtv movie awards live on internet are slow!  qrrr
uqh...im hunqry but my mouth still hurts 
uqhh rain ... now ima april baby and the rain is depressinq to me ? somethinqs wronq with that 
uqqqh I hateeee my new haircut  ahvdegfhghdak going to EPP tomorrowww woot cant waitt
ur beta off with her... im beta off without u...everybody wins yet somhow ive lost 
Ur mean.. 
u're def not here..  and now the weekend.. and u'll fade away till monday.. and I need to wait here.. alone.
urfglhg.... ran out of nytol last night, had a shit night's sleep&amp;feel like death warmed up 
urg so bored , I WANT A MILKSHAKE SOOOOO BBBBAAAAADDD!!! 
Urg still got a sore foot - thank God Craig's responsible for foods tonight. I don't know if I'd trust myself 
urg, about to tackle the issue of microbes in the sediment. this is going to be painful 
Urg, tried to Tweet last night but my internet was a bitch 
urgent care with matt 
Urgent! If anyone stole my VS Pink spray please return it 
Urgently need EUR 135154 for a Porsche Panamera. My CFO tells me to go jump in a lake... 
urggg... camera's not co-operating with uploading photos for the site 
urggggg so beat. luwow was awesome ;) next week is the last pic meeting  lovethatbigfamily lol
urgh - crunchy neck and pinchy nerve - think I might need professional help this time 
urgh - look outside - it's winter wonderland all over again 
urgh .. .its monday... cant wait till the weekend! im soo tired ! 
urgh .. been meaning to do my Felting notes but ended up with IT technical stuff. And now must cook dinner 
urgh back in school on monday  start A2 levels straight away   
urgh being forced to go out by my mother at 10am :| i want to sleeep 
urgh cold weatherrrr 
Urgh exam today is 2 and half hours 
urgh feel dreadful - achey limbs, headache &amp; sore throat along with nausea, lovely 
Urgh fuckin hate guys 
URGH GO AWAY RAIN. And let me breathe 
urgh gotta take all my nail varnish off for work at hospital toz  this is not fair 
URGH headache  urgh NOT FAIR 
Urgh i have to study my Strategic Information Systems today!!  Tea first!!!
Urgh I keep looking at the Mac Mini on the Apple store  I so wish I had like Â£550 so I could get one :'(
urgh im awake and feel like crap. we is it that if i stay sober and drive i feel worse then if i get hammered  boo
urgh im peeling in random places 
urgh im so mad. 
urgh im tired impatient and over boys and their silly games 
urgh its 12 36   i have 1 more hr  @ Ihop http://loopt.us/dLUjhw.t
Urgh its monday again!! 
urgh its raining again, i really hope it stops by the time i need to walk up the street =/ i dont like getting wet &amp; cold 
Urgh my body alarm clock wakes me at bloody 6am once again 
urgh my computer is going REAL slow 
Urgh SO IRRITATED  -- LastFm &lt;3
urgh still feel sick coz of the blood. all i wanted was some frigging barney shaped spagetti 
Urgh still feelin ickie, its been 3 days now 
Urgh Student Finance England.  At least they play Ladyhawke when they put you on hold.
Urgh the dog returns tonight 
urgh there's a power cut!! 
urgh two moore finals todaaay suuucks 
Urgh we're back to square one now again  damn.
Urgh why is is it so hard 2 get Ben 10 party supplies 4 my sons b'day. All the stuff i want is in the US and the dnt deliver 2 UK  !!
urgh working 1-8 at the chicken place. TOTALLY NOT looking forward to it    ... wish i was elsewhere.
URGH! I keep just wasting my days! 
URGH! sean batty 
urgh! what is wrong with one of my eyes? it's stinging and watering! 
urgh!! left i-phone at home, which means no music ALL DAY at work  NEED MUSIC!
urgh!\ i think i need therapy 
URGH!i just have this annoying news about school... they mixed up all the sections in our batch. ITS SO HARD TO TRY TO FIT IN AGAIN!! 
Urgh, 3.5 hours sleep. College all day and Phoebes birthday later on. Missing E3! 
urgh, a month off has really hurt my fitness. 1:40 plank 
urgh, borin' sundayss  asif my sister decided that we're doin' what we were supposed to do today tomorrow + i have no credit to text Lucc
Urgh, Demigod is no longer working, the screen just flickers then says &quot;Cannot Create Direct 3d&quot; urgh, i just want to play.... 
urgh, half an hour and its school timesssss. 
urgh, i hate having to go to work when the weather is hot and sunny 
urgh, i have to go out  tweet soon.
Urgh, I think I ate a little too much!! Now I feel lazy, and want to sleep!! 
Urgh, i wish i cld wave a magic wand and the cleaning would be done 
urgh, its raining baaaaaaaaaad 
Urgh, just woke up from bad dream. 
Urgh, my slightly sore throat is now *really* sore.  I do however promise to karaoke next time (however much I hate it)
URGH, off to my exam  i'm gonna fail, i'm shit at maths 
urgh, over slept for work, still done no revision and im SO snappy today. having a total fat day too 
urgh, such a bad nights sleep &amp; scary ass nightmare 
Urgh, the Terminator movie really sucks 
urgh, tired, stomach ache, hot and cold, not sleeping  try again...
Urgh, to answer my own question - yes I should be worried. Host's RAM has become faulty.  I can't afford this!
Urgh, too hot 
Urgh, upgrading Java has broken nearly everything I use. Including TinyMCE. Updating my blog through Wordpress will be a pain now. Maan. 
Urgh, wanna play Mass Effect but left my 360 controller at a friends house 
Urgh. Been playing my game for about an hour and my computer decided it needs to restart,before i could get a chance to save. 
urgh. i feel awful.  was sick a few times in the night. 
urgh... thats what i call a mindless slut 
Urgh....... flying back to sunny scotland tomorrow    Bording school sucks!
Urgh....... flying back to sunny scotland tomorrow   Bording school sucks!
Urgh...eaten too much 
urgh...im goin into hell now...wish me luck girls 
urgh...its gunna rain all day...how whack is that&gt; 
Urgh...just cleaned out hamster cage...so smelly...thought it had died 
Urgh...my head hurt, feet hate me, lips are dry, and i have a feeling my i'm going to get sunburned today. 
Urgh...ow. Just...ow  Going to finish off 'The Secret Scripture' then sleep. Up early in the morn. Off to dope myself up on painkillers
urgh...stupid shoes. No wonder my feet have itchyness  laptops going away soon 
Urgh...yummy hurts. My body hates me today 
urghh exams 
urghh food again. all day i've forced myself to eat. would it be wrong to not eat for a few days? i need new clothes tooo 
Urghh wisdom teeth 
urghh... does a sneak peek mean show one episode now, the rest in like 10 months 
URGHH..is havin such a bad day..how depressing! 
urghhh, i'm getting makeup everywhere. 
urghhh...shoot! i think i'm sick again 
Urghhhhh College. Not Gonna Be A Good Day I Can Feel It. Bad Times 
Urgs... Steve jobs had a liver transplant.. Does that mean metastatic cancer?  http://bit.ly/6YlDB #apple #steve #jobs
URI = upper respiratory infection. It's in my tonsils now, predicted to move to my sinuses soon. 
Urinary tract infection lecture.. 
URL for the homepage of &quot;The Good Guys&quot;'s website: http://www.thegoodguys.com.au/portal/page/portal/tggwebportal/corporate/storelocator 
Urrgggh, rain again WTF it may run up until my bday @ this rate! Its gonna be a long first day back 2 work n a longer nite in class 
urrggghhhh im soo Hackin' BoREd tonite!! 
Urrgh. Stayed up too late last night organizing tasty pieces of hay I plan to eat. Now I'm too tired to eat them. 
urrghhh honestly I hate what I'm wearing 
Urrrgh..i wish i could go to the Mall of Asia to see david archuleta's concert on saturday, but Manila is to far from where i am..  
us debt clock...  very sad http://www.usdebtclock.org/
US down 0-2 to Brazil   Beasley shouldn't even be on the field.
US getting completely outclassed here, Brazil 2-0 USA at just 20 minutes in. 
us girls always know. Unfortunatly.  
us govt secrets - obama's non-transparency - eff drop charges   -national security excuse - http://www.eff.org/press/archives/2009/06/17
us open refuses people entry from yesterdays rain out!! WOW! 
US Open--looks like only 1/2 day since the rains are on their way. That was to be my afternoon activity 
us readers are the suckers apparently 
US vs. Europe in Google Streetview  - www.flugge.net/googlestreet.png
USA 1, Italy O in the federation cup.....but the US looks like complete shit, regardless of being up. Embarassing. 
USA soccer sucks 
Usability flaw in a movie-ticket booking website costed me 650/- bucks 
usb+sim Ä‘iá»‡n thoáº¡i = internet : usb+sim dien thoai = internet  Sim Ä‘iá»‡n thoáº¡i + USB = Internet )  Khi trang .. http://tinyurl.com/ltmzpp
Use 2 king waking me up round 8-830 2 use da bathroom, looked on da floor and he wasn't der 
use that method obvisouly! So this will be a much better and safer way I think! my movie maker still keeps freezing though so no video 
used an exfoliating sponge w/my face cleanser today &amp; it BURNSSSSSSSSS *cries*  &amp; that was using it gently like it says, too   
used Bing.com a bit and have to say that it is pretty good...LVTC isn't on the first page though 
used karma freeze for a while. walang net sa bahay kaya di ako makakapagopen everyday.  http://plurk.com/p/rj3mw
Used my last free Mccafe coupon. Sadness. 
used to have a boyfriend, before he played a trick on me.  lol
Used to have a ghd straightner but it broke in half.. 
ush no te alcance buuu q chafa es esto entonces 
Using a direct download link of the 3.0 ipsw link didn't work... sigh.  Guess I'll have to wait for iTunes 
Using a temporary mouse since my trackball is breaking down. I can feel the RSI crawling up my wrist already  .
using baby's phone to tweet! headache 
Using Data Logger to test my website assignment ... xD today no clubbin for me  im far behind schedule ... bloody assignments!!!
using ghetto ass dell laptop to figure out vpn settings so i can get access to their internet; but the guy who has the passwords left 
using internet explorer again due to pc problems  I'll miss you, firefox 
Using josh's phone...I lost mine 
Using my brothers phone.. Can't text  lost my phone today dammit fmlfml
Using my tita's iPhone. Just took a shower and I'm so tired. 
Using stupid twitterfon cause twitterific doesn't work. 
Using this time wisely. But not liking the end results 
Using tweetdeck right now...must admit it's pretty nice. Awww TwitterFon 
using twitter 
Using ubuntu 9.04, going to school tomorrow 
Using webapps on the Palm Pre...like the old ghetto iPhone days. Have to do until more apps come out 
Using wired keyboard, batteries run out 
Using XML Catalog resolver with Saxon to avoid fetching DTDs from the net http://bit.ly/saxondtd - not worky with /etc/xml/catalog for me 
using Yuen's pc. off to class now. Still writing for episode 1 of the revamp. head is exploding with ideas. oh my tummy is exploding too! 
USMNT is down to 10 men again.    Don't have a chance.  If Brazil didn't have enough space before.
ust woke up ,and i miss my babeeiij !! , friday is far away  i can't wait that long to c him  man o shyt
UST: Deferment of the Opening of Classes for the A.Y. 2009-2010  http://ustcsc0910.multiply.com/journal/item/31/ Boohoo! 
ustaz akhil's wife is so very pretty! masyaAllah! that goes to show.. pretty, slim wives pun not safe from wayward husbands.   Life tests.
usually cbc covers the playoffs but something else is on rite now.  this sucks! I guess 4 some things it would b nice 2 get cable!
usually does not feel bad for my actions... but Shane is the exception... sorry.. I'll be better when I lived here... 
Usually gives good advice... Not this time I guess 
Usually i can handle thunder but not tonight. I'm scared 
usually I wouldnt mind being up at 4 a.m. But I have to get up early tomorrow!this sucks 
Usually partying heals all.. Not this time &amp; it sucks 
UT in less than 2 hours time and today's about utility theory.  Can't wait to get home
ut oh, I think I broke Twitter.  
ut oh...I'm going to be the last one to shower...its going to be cold i bet 
Utada's new song on the 27th? I'm hoping so. I'm hoping its good too. This is the one cannot sustain me much longer. It's not that good. 
Utley day off 
Ut's extra hard to keep my eyes open this morning. But I have to! 
Utterly disappointed with the Indian Cricket Team.....  The much talked about of their batting strength faltered terribly...
utterly drained heading into a new week ftl 
utterly poo day. Why are Brits so obnoxious &amp; rude to anyone doing a customer service role? I'm a Brit myself and I just don't get it 
uu i feel sorry for you to have that kind of bf.... 
UUggghhh....spilled some of my hot oatmeal on my hand!!.. 
uugghh so bored. gotta vacum  hate cleaning l0l can't wait untill saturday YAY!!
Uugghh vans with no socks was thw worse idea ever! My feet hurt and my heels agre bruised 
uugghh... laying down listening to music alot of different thoughts kinda sad but wateva ill get over things eventually  days lukin iffy
uugghhhhh Sunday nights are icky.....back to the grind tomorrow 
Uugh still babysitting. Fml. Come homeee Nicky, I miss you 
Uugh. Presbytery mtg. 
UUGHH!!! For some reason my collage saved to be tiny and I can't make it bigger!!! 
uughhh...i'm eating to much and feel queasy 
uughieess @lmofuknc is taking forevvv  my poor lido eye lids r gonna give out haha
uurrggghh can't sleep! Really tired but can't fall over to sleep 
uuugg!! I feel like crap today.. One of my dogs just died. I'm sooo saad!  We will miss you buddy!! T_T
uuuggg! There was a mouse in my room this morning! AND a spider in the kitchen. Also I forgot my badge for work today. Bad morning so far 
uuugggggggg i hate working on the weekends  boo
Uuugh I accidentally fell back asleep for an hour  I suuck
Uuugh. Long ass day tomorrow  oh well. Xoxo
uuugh...I don't even know why I ordered Pad Thai, I HATE this dish now!  
uuughh math exam 
UUUGHH the computers are out to get me today! They aren't letting me follow Asla!! I'll come back in a few hours, 
uuughhh i dunt wannnnna start my essay again but I gotta ..  and after that, i'll start my shakespear.. HELP ME save me frum misery lol
uuuglyyy weather  out w karoline&amp;tylerr
uuuhhh bored...now holiday but i'm not going to anywhere 
uuuhhh, my sister woke me up for fathers day... i feel like im off to school 
Uuups sollte nicht alles OAuth'n... 
uuurg.. 11pm and i don't want to study!! i wanna sleep, but my test is tomorrow and i didn't estudy anything  and i'm still twittering!!
uuuuf people be callin me at unreasonable hours. now it's 12:30pm and i'm still sleepiez. 
uuuugggghhhhhhhhhhhh please give me a shout out 
Uuuugh cpt court 
Uuuugh. according to my host, my Wordpress broke.  Need to backup and reinstall today.
Uuuugh. Just got to hotel and have to get up in 4 hours for racing tomorrow. Not optimal. 
Uuuugh.. The feet... They huuurt 
uuuuhh...   I'll miss you guys.. i dont know how to find friends like you guys.. 
uuuummmmm.....going to get off for a little bit     i will be on later
UUUURRRRGGGGGHHHH .......!!!!! some mother's children, i tell u .... 
uuuuugh i still have a caffeine hangover... 
Uuuuugh... I am literally coughing myself into death i swear  I haven't even had a fag in three days!
UUuuuuh @FashunFierce is drainin me...crackin jokes at such a serious time....hmmmmph 
Uuuuuurgh, those pills are raaaaaank. 
uuuuuuuuggghhhh! no real player on my phone. 
Uuuuuuuugh, I don't want to go to class. 
uuuuuuuuuum yeah including the building fee and alllll that gay shit it ended up being like $50  no bueno!
U-Verse is up and blazing at 25Mbps.  I don't have anything to download though 
v disappointed i can't go to see Ane Brun and Ed Harcourt in London this coming week  must resist the urge to pull a sicky...
V too bad that little boy took his spot 
V\/ \/\/\/\/\__________Orlando heart 
va rater obama dans le grand journal  Hope YT and DM will do their job!
Vaat hai! Public paisa mang rahi hai and i cant even say know. My salary goes down by 10 k 
vacation almost here...so close and yet so far away.  visiting ur mom isn't really vacation anyway. hmpf.
Vacation in 2 weeks, Ill be gone for 10 days. Thats the longest me and megan will have gone without seeing each other since 8th grade 
Vacation in Boston is over. I miss this city...travel whoo's began @ Logan I was just told my flight is delayed 3 hrs 
Vacation is already over!? 
vacation is finally OVER.  can't believe that school's gonna start tomorrow. 
vacation is officiially over 
Vacation is over    back to work 1230-9. Uggggggggh
vacation is over, back to work 
vacation is over,my college starts tomorrow 
Vacation is over,only 1 bad weather day,saw lots of &quot;green&quot;,visited the zoo,drove past &quot;De Naald&quot;,lots of pictures,back to work tomorrow 
Vacation is over.  
vacation is over....    
vacation is overrrr! 
Vacation nears its end.. 
vacation officially over  time to drive back from orlando to the FWB
Vacation officialy over back to work in 30 min 
Vacation part of summer = over for now. 
Vacation starts in exactly 25 minutes. Going to the Mall of America tomorrow!! Won't be back until Sunday night. No Internet 
Vacations are great, but always fun to return HOME again--well, except for the laundry!  Looking forward to a nice weekend in PDX!
Vacation's been great so far.  Kinda shocked that it'll be over so soon!   Oh well, there's always something to do at least.
vacation's closing to end 
Vacation's over, heading home 
Vacay is over. E3, Ontario Place, Niagra Falls, Jane's Addiction and the Brooklin Spring Fair. What a great week! Back to work tomorrow 
vaccation over! 
Vaccine owie!  now i must wait 20 before i can leave.
vacuumed dads car.. got a thanks lol and i vacuumed the lounge room no1 said thanks 
Vacuuming your apartment with a dust buster is not fun. 
vag - esp.. again 
Vaguely awake after a night of Eurovision entertainment.  Even the cynics amongst us got a bit excited in the end.  I wanted Ukraine 
Val enjoying the sun at hyde park! Michelle, wish u were here  http://short.to/6x2s
Val Kilmer definitely has Cushing's Disease. I really wish he'd go to the right doctors. 
Value ur loved ones guys cuz i dunt noe wat tomorrow will bring......on my way to the hosiptal 
Vampires are awsomeness so... and changing school is definetly going to happen!!!!! 
Vancouver Canucks out! No Canadian cup this year! 
Vanessa's watching spelling bee championships. This boy just lost and they're zooming in on his little mortified face. So sad. 
Vanished one day and I really hope he is oook cuz he was my big fren...  I miss him.. Where did he go? Nobody would ever know
vano is on her way to london  im missing her 
Varsha, Asa, and Michael are not coming to Great America. 
Varsity Fanclub will never be the same!! 
Vauxhall/Opel Astra Interior Revealed: HOT! HOT! Too bad there's no 2010 Saturn Astra   http://bit.ly/IA1QR
ve to continue wit my work  monday blues...!!!!!!
vegan has to avoid greens  http://ow.ly/eGu4
Vegas baby. Mai tais and chicken wings.  http://twitpic.com/6iii3
Vegas is looking all bad for the 4th....  I'm sad....hotels are all booked plane tickets are too high...WTF....no sin city for me!
Vegas took my money 
vegas trip was too short 
Vegas Vacation ends tomorrow. 
VegetarianRoadkill: probably not entirely legal here  but newbie is the place to ask for help, right!?
vegetarians rule!!!! natalies eating half a cow :L:L oh dear, the poor animals  it makes me sad 
Veggie quiche, laundry, cleaning apartment, nothing exciting. Wishing I was on the boat with a fun boy today. 
vegging at home in my comfy pjs. prayinggg when i wake up there will be sunshine. 3 weeks straight of rain on the east coast.  not cool.
vending machines suck...took my damn dollar 
ventrilo or something i did with it tottaly fucked my audio  luckily system restore exists
Venus is out at the French Open 
Verdict 2: Pepsis Wild Cherry should perhaps be renamed to Pepsi Semi Cherry. 
Verizon blackberry sucks major balls!! I just wanna c if this goes thru...but bb storm really does suck. 
Verlander is not having a good game! 
verrrrrry frusterated that I can't figure out Adobe Premier Pro CS4 
verrry verrry sick    pray 4 may!!!
Very  today. Need nap and real meal with actual veggies and stuff. #fb
very angry 
Very annoyed about this game. I dont think its installing.  
Very annoyed at youtube for suspending Jonas Brothers 
Very annoyed by my braces. Cheek is all cut up and can't eat 
Very annoyed with Nokia. My 5310 has been crap, but bearable from the beginning. Now the screen isn't working 
Very annoyed with reality tv!.. Max was one of my favoritesss  are there even any male ballroom dancers left??
Very bad mood  and so much alone.
very bad mood.. so much english grammar to learn.. oh noo 
very boooooooooored  i dont know what should i do in here
Very Bored 
very bored  and it's very cold.......
Very bored and tired! 
Very bored up early nd nobody to talk to 
very bored, and this womans son STILL isn't picking up the phone or arriving to pick her up, bless ! 
Very bored. 
very bummed that my workday is now only half over. 
very bummed. wasn't able to watch Star Trek with Chooi and Georgey Porgey today  noooooo!
VERY BUSY  exams in a week soo nervous :S
very busy day in office, instead of trip to microsoft 
very cliudy outside!!!  here comes the huge rain shower!!!!!!!!!!
very cold night, freezing....ugg boots are drenched  better buy new ones
Very cold night. Brr. / So our classes will now start on the 16th. YAY! But I miss my friends!  And I need cash! Allowance $-)
Very cold, and very tired  sleep is much needed soon.
Very concern with friend of mine. He suffer retinal detachment. Hope he's ok. Very scary.... 
VERY concerned about my computer- it's taking an awful long time to boot.  http://myloc.me/264H
Very confused bout a lot of things..glad schools almost over so I can think..goin 2 school now..hoping 4 a good day 
very depressed from school 
very dirty rain today means my car is now caked in streaks of mud 
very disapointed my team lost 
Very disappointed by Dr. Kagan. Nowhere near as inspiring as expected 
Very disappointed Dr. Tea's my favorite hideaway is closed. It had a beautiful serene zen garden 
very disappointed it's not friday  it's rainy and i snoozed for an extra hour this morning. i just might not be productive today...
Very disappointed that there are no tourist traps left in Lancaster 
very disappointed with fighting...wasnt that good at all! 
Very disappointed with the questions that came up in todays exam. Normally you can judge 3 or 4 but the questions were really left field 
Very disappointed with the results of the elections. Separatists, racists and catholics still seem to dominate our government 
very dissapointed that extreme didnt get through to nationals. we tried so hard 
Very dissapointed that I only got 1 follow friday today, never mind , that's the way it goes I guess 
Very disturbed and sad to hear about the AF plane go down. Thoughts with the families of passengers on board. 
Very excited about new iphone...hope I can download before work or can't do it until Friday 
Very excited about seeing my boyfriend over the summer! Lovely boyfriend + sun = the best times. My room currently looks very bare 
Very excited about working at Advising Conferences...but bummed about grad school research and taking the GRE 
Very excited for tomorrow's Shout Out!! Very bummed that I won't be around to promote it or talk it up.  But these guys ROCK! &amp; I &lt;3 them!
Very excited that greys is on tonight. Not so happy that its it for the season 
Very excited to get first call on new office landline.  It was, indeed, a wrong number 
very fitting and movie short (short!) film on this somber day: http://is.gd/KYSQ America is sad sometimes 
Very frustrated with my cell - missed a whole day's worth of texts 
very good day an I must work ( 3-10 pm )  shit ...
Very gutted that have to keep leg tattoo covered for 2 weeks as this is shorts weather. 
Very happy about #redwings game. Very upset about GM 
Very happy that @pricy landed safely, I miss her already  http://myloc.me/205R
Very hot day in London - I don't think I'm used to this anymore   http://twitpic.com/69d75
Very hot, AC not working at work. 
Very hungry 
very hungry  !!!
Very hungry...waitin 4 take aways  is been an hour!
Very icky outside today  making plans anyway.
very ill. 
Very impressive accommodation... I could swear it smells like a trough lolly in here. Not sure how I am going to fall asleep 
very intense thunderstorms keeping me awake now 
very jealous of ANYONE going to Ibiza this week. Screw you all! But have a nice time 
Very little noise about the #ETDS on Twitter! 
VERY long day ahead of me. This is going to suck. 
Very long day. 
very lonley  #jtv http://justin.tv/rachelovesjoe92
very low levels of productivity here today  I need a boss to come and peer over my shoulder all day...
very mad cuz the pic i wana put on twitter wont work cuz its the wrong format and idk how to change it 
very mediocre day for the breester.    oh well...
very much disappointed with GPRS in my country. My last XMPP demo failed miserably  If there's only petition for GPRS SLA...
very much disappointed with the angels and demons movie  shame, it was a great book
Very much enjoyed the burger and fries for lunch, means I really have to make myself go running later though 
Very much not looking forward to work today  andddddd my lil boy is still sick. Lendog is pukey
very much so 
Very nearly asked JJ Abrams a question. Sat four rows back. Still reeling. SIMON PEGG WAS RIGHT THERE AND SO WAS SYLAR. Geek overload 
Very nearly getting on the wrong train at London Kings Cross. I blame the adverts for @sonisphere distracting me - cos I can't go!! 
Very negative approach #L4L  http://bit.ly/ZKAJR Why is the glass always half empty for some people?  It must make life very long.. 
Very nice wedding! Go yelled at for spinning too much  but had fun!
very old fellow wearing hollister cologne. no me gusta 
very painful back and neck. 
very pissed already. 
Very pissed off... just found out the morons at Fox have cancelled &quot;The Sarah Connor Chronicles&quot;  http://tinyurl.com/prplx6 Grrr! 
Very pleased to have finished up work - some obligatory feelings of sadness - but not many. Still miss grey cable knit cardigan 
very rainy day outside today  but im still gong out to party! bye bye ;-)
Very sad  Microsoft money to be discontinue http://dhf0i.tk
Very sad about leaving Holly Springs High. I've met some of the best friends and teachers ever. It's hard for me to say goodbye 
Very sad about missing Wizard World Philly. All the cool people will be there! 
Very sad about the Air France plane 
very sad after cavs loss 
Very sad and disappointed that I couldn't get tix for the Supernatural Convention in Novemeber in Chicago! 
Very sad and Hoping for a miracle and a good sign  Going to church to Pray for Big brother...
very sad as my mum is really sick because of me and she's not taking her meds 
very sad because my babies are leaving tomorrow. 
very sad because one class's text books will cost two weeks pay 
Very sad day for me.  Fred the Dragon has a hole and is now flat.  I have no one else to ride in the car with me.  
Very sad day to hear WGN  Kathy and Judy show going off air today    DEPRESSING !!!!!!!
Very sad face 
very sad indeed 
Very sad news about David Carradine.  May he rest in peace.
very sad now 
Very sad right now.... Just found out my dog buddy died at my dads house! Ill always love an miss him 
Very sad that BIGANT will be gone for a week   He's going to E3 so at least I can live vicariously through him
Very sad that Leno's reign is over 
very sad that my follower has blocked me 
very sad this morning...two newborn wild rabbits found dead in their tiny hole in the ground..we think the drowned   that upsets me
very sad to learn that one of the mini quilts for the swap I'm organizing was stolen between Australia and France .. mean-spirited thief! 
very sad today for Tysons daughter.. My prayers and thoughts are with him and his family 
very sad today.......   
Very sad what's happening in Iran 
very sad! 
VERY SAD! MY BROTHER GOES BACK TO GERMANY TOMORROW 
Very short best-of vid of Famous People Players, only good one on YT  http://bit.ly/194gFN
Very sick and Very Tired  on my way to work
very sick in houston  
very sick. I hope it's just a 24 hr thing 
very sick... getting better tho. had a horrible weekend 
Very sleepy have to wake up in 6 hours 
Very slow at work but it doesn't look like I'm ever getting out of here 
very slow computer today... 
very sore   i wish it would stop hurting.. but my mood is not crazy bipolar manic anymore. i'm now more happy but not hyper.
Very sore as have just scalded my hand with hot tea 
Very stuffed and there's still loads of food on the table! Somebody help me, my dad's abandoned me to finish up 
very suggest! i want but no one people to i meet here  all my folks are young, huhuhu  comeback to o-ce-n 
Very tempting, but I think I will pass.  Forever  #douchebag #happybirthdaytome
very thankful for my friends and family.  missing my good friend coffee lately 
Very thankful my mom decided to chat with my brother for too long and not take the DC red line. All the best to those were were affected 
Very tired  really shouldnt have stayed up after the club last nite
very tired after a very traumatic night 
Very tired this morning! Couldn't sleep last night for the heat!  I need AirCon!!!!
very tired this morning.  I guess I shouldn't have stayed up that last two nights to watch UCI lose to VA.  
very tired today! struggling to muster up energy! 
very tired. bored. someone talk to me? 
very tired. D: blehh its gross outside. Its making me sad 
Very tired. on my way to my bed. sweet dreams. i'm not going to think about math tomorrow. it's just sad 
very tired... my ears are making sounds ppppppppppppppiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii. bad sounds! I can't sleep... 
very tiresome, I appear to be getting a cold, I have a sore throat.  This is bad, exams in 2 weeks 
very touching tribute 
Very tragic  http://bit.ly/2wI02R
very ugly set  http://bit.ly/x4A86
very unhappy .. i can't visit the &quot;in an absolut world&quot; vernissage 
Very unlucky today, got into accident. Lady driver hit my car when reverse from parking 
VERY unpleasant surprise in that bloody obama white house special! grrrrr  dont bother asking.
very unproductive day  now that the laundry is done i can pack. yay!
Very upset ... iPhone update only available June 24  slow ass Canada.
very upset now! Phoenix Live in Jakarta and BOTY Asia fall on the same night!! aargh. cant go for both! 
Very upset that #Twitterfon has gone commercial.  Had to happen I suppose. What out #Tweetie - competition on the iPhone me thinks!
very upset that i cant find gary barlow on twitter &amp; this tweetdeck is keeping me away from the books 
Very upset that i couldn't get a ticket for the miley cyrus/metro station tour in december!  just not close enough to where i live 
VERY upset that I didn't get to go to the show tonight...came home early because I didn't want to drive in rain all day tomorrow 
very upset wiff my laptop  it doesn't wanna start up, and i have a collateral due tomorrow! D: !!
Very upset with myself, guess thats what I get for snooping! Feel horrible inside! 
very upset!  stupid class didnt vote to watch A Walk To Remember! :/ grr..
VERY upset....  Mom is in the hospital   
very very bad hangover today 
very very bad headache that is getting worse by the minute not better. 
very very bad news...i ve lost my buttersheets, wic means i ve lost all tht i ve done is design this semester 
very very disappointed with the parade  
very very sad 
very very sad to miss you babe gaby not left us nor forsaken us forward we will only live in our hearts  you always want gaby
very very sad....its time for school 
Very very SICK! 
very very sleepy 
very very sore legs  not good when I'll most likely have to stand/walk for the best part of 8 hours
very very tired and in a bad mood 
very very tired and really dont want to be at work 
very very very depressed. tmr is a workday!!!! 2 weeks of leave gone like that 
very very very very sleepy!! don't wanna go to school 
very very very very tired ..... history exam 
Very very VERY VERY TIRED AND SORE! And of COURSE it's a friggen hot day again!! I don't want to go to work 
Very very very very very bored now I'm not with Issy!  xxx
VERY wet morning in Dublin 
Very windy but  I found a few spots with some protection.  Apparently the crabs liked those spots  too all I did was feed them - no fish 
Very windy but warm today.  I feel my nose starting to itch already 
Very worried about Audrey. I don't think she is doing very well. 
Very worried our 10 year old weim is really sick.  Waiting for Animal hospital to tell us what's wrong.  Really hope she is okay.  
very, very bored...  
very, very sad. 
Very, very tired  crappy weather..
Very, very unhappy about BNP vote and prediction. We're having a bad night but some hope in London... 
VERYsleepy, need to get earlyer nights 
veryy angry..my brother ate MY sub 
Vet called for Shakti's appointment.  Still no sign of her, so I'm starting to be resigned that she's gone. Swearing off cats for a bit.
Veteran CBS newsman Walter Cronkite reported ill http://tinyurl.com/kpsp62 
vets are expensive 
Vettel on pole.. Raikonnen 9th - Wake up Ferrari 
Vettel wins at a canter from Webber. No last lap heroics like last week's #MotoGP  #F1
vettel's made it into trending topics, why hasn't #maxout? 
VH1 must hate me...it won't let me ask Rob a question!!! 
Vh1 soul are playin that laid up muzik. To bad I'm alone 
VH1's Save The Music doesn't serve high school kids  But they gave us good leads! Anybody have an extra trumpet?
via @BuddySkakun woof woof it's colder out today, so no walky 
via @cornellfinch: Found #geocache Head's Up! http://coord.info/gc1ret6. Probably my only find of the day.  http://bit.ly/JS3S4
via @LauretteIAm: Only 1 so far. Cache saturation is insanely bad here.  GQotD http://bit.ly/BXQa
via @toodamnninja: sleepytime in The Den... why does campus (or one stop for that matter) not have a StarBucks? 
via ontd_political comes this graphic and shocking video of a 16 year old boy undergoing a 'gay exorcism' http://twurl.nl/tt2voz   
Viáº¿t vÃ i dÃ²ng cho con yÃªu . Thá»?i gian qua nhanh quÃ¡ 
Vicente Ferrer died tonight at the age of 89. I know he was already old... but in a fair world these kind of people would live forever 
vicky christina barcelona was quite good, it definitely made my afternoon. so, graduation rehearsal tomorrow? ay! I want to stay at home 
Victoria can't come  well leesh, its just the two of us
Victoria day weekend, But I dont think there are any fireworks around this year 
Video chattin wit my babe...he's still in florida 
video chatting is not always fun 
Video is processing, please don't mute it youtube 
video killed the radio star 
Video of Carter Twins and Stubbs of KMPS @PacSci  http://is.gd/1aDw7  Sorry about the audio.  But the Twins are COOL! They play at 12n.
Video: fuck  Tell me why this makes me miss praise and worship. http://tumblr.com/xda23ucym
Video: Hm  Thereâ€™s so many people watching it tonightâ€¦I wanna goâ€¦ http://tumblr.com/x1c24s3ul
Video: katty perry-thinking of you  hah sedihnyaaaaaaaa http://tumblr.com/xdd1ubwy8
Video: recyclable: Oh no! iâ€™m so sorry to hear that, sarah  http://tumblr.com/xot23ps4k
Video: Unfortuanately Racism has become the new Sectarianism for the scum who blight Northern Ireland  http://tumblr.com/xag22h57g
Videos did not upload 
videos not going up today, they were encoded in .avi, which I cannot work with. 
videos will be frozen until actual views catch up to the published,  artificial, view count - OOFM was already frozen when we got to it 
vidya balan doesn't looks good even in powerpoint presentations  #hss09
Vienna Vikings lose to Swarco Raiders in Innsbruck today 
View from the coffee pot. Work all day  http://twitpic.com/8dqx5
Vikisaurus isn't going to the picnic... 
Vikki_Chaos: I could buff you for freeish if you send me some form of MP cause I only have 6 
Vikki_Chaos: Ugh I have so many bad effects on me right now 
Vilmarie/Marilyn Help my computer is acting wierd.It wont let me accept. 
vin battista-just vault  haha its all good. i PRed by like 2.5 feet today at practice on a new pole so hopefully ill grip it and rip it
vince! please get better! im getting worried! 
Virgin Pendolino trains - dark, small and worst of all for a high speed inter city train - virtually no luggage space 
virtually every street corner Hospital close to scene in Tehran: 30-40 dead http://quaalude.proboards.com everyones getting Shot  QC
viruses suck...and are hard as hell to get rid of 
Vision is great!!!! But no racquetball for a month  http://myloc.me/2iSX
Visit the Suds n Sass Community/Forum.  I have been neglecting it   . . Take a look and let me know what's missing!  http://bit.ly/11BaZv
Visited many WWII sites today. Shed a few tears   Good night Twitter world!
visited the Ateneans with @inaongsiako, @alexifong, @lisha_e and Tisha! Jealous they all get to wear shorts to school! 
Visited the bada imambara today. Right place, wrong time of the year 
visited williams and amherst today and got really rained on. it's awkward being the only rising junior and my dad is really embarrassing. 
Visiting dad for #fathersday I hate driving west   http://twitpic.com/80kp7
Visiting Farmington was actually kind of sad, there was like no one there! 
Visiting mother and siblings in-law today; haven't seen them in a few weeks 
Visiting my best friend before she leaves me for T W O weeks 
Visiting my mom in the hospital, on Mothers Day......  
Visiting my puppy at the animal hospital   http://twitpic.com/7l1yk
Visiting my so sweet little pony with my friend! Weather isn`t great... 
Visiting old neighbor. This will probably take all day 
visiting parents! still kind of feeling the migraine 
Visiting pops. Missing Grapevine 
visiting the bf for the weekend, before then a got a new friend.. i want to name him Krishna but nobody else likes that idea 
Visiting the invalid @maxfisher in DC 
Visits home are always tinged with a little sadness, just drove past where mum used to live  I wonder who lives there now
Viso also got involved. Sheesh, he's still without a finish. 
Vista anyone? I want my computer back   
vista fail: boots up, login ok, but doesn't show anything besides a blue screen 
Vista is pegging my CPU at 94% with nothing but Tweetdeck running.  I so miss my MacBook Pro.  
VISTA KEEPS CRASHING 
vista sp2 blew up my pc and tweetdeck with it  (all air apps actually)
Vitamin D therapy for hangover  http://twitpic.com/3lizz
Vivartia.com is still down after so many days 
Vivica Fox was so pretty in this movie... before she f*cked up her face with all that damn surgery!! 
Vix would kill me, I'm wearing leggings for trousers. 
Vlad moves in slow motion these days. He is a year older than me. Oh god... 
Vodka + Skittles = best drink I've had in a while ;) finally back to reality today  hope everyone had a good weekend!
Vogue show! I never thought I'd see the day, but I'm voluntarily watching the show from the dead back. Sad but inevitable. 
Voice from Iran: Shame on a country in which foreign embassies are safer than hospitals 
Voice from Iran: Shame on a country in which foreign embassies are safer than hospitals  #gr88 #IranElection
voice gone = needing lots of sleep and tea 
Voice is Going 
Voice lesson tomorrow, yay! Interview Thursday...I miss Gainesville and my friends 
Voice still sucking 
Volcano Roll withdrawal symptoms 
Volkzone: hugs please: feeling very low atm and need someone to put me in there arms and comfort me  http://tinyurl.com/mu5zv8
volta pros trendings  #bouvierb-day #frenchieb-day #bouvierb-day #frenchieb-day #bouvierb-day #frenchieb-day #bouvierb-day #frenchieb-day
volume 3....the flood gates opened 
Volunteer for the Hawthorne 5k and Run half way, got a major cramp. I guess that happens when you dont stretch, 
Volunteering at the elementary school its the kids last day of elementary school 
volunteering at the fun run today. i want more sleep 
Vom.  Billy Bobs  and the rodeo #fb
vomito again 
Vote twilight for best movie! I wish ryan and rachel were nominated for something!  that's where they had their famous kiss! &lt;3
Votto on the DL    #reds
vou dormir ouvindo my little corner of the world 
vou estudar : historia , gramatica e matematica . school really sucks 
vou indo  #seb-day â™¥
vou ler shakespeare...  
vou ter que sair,   @markhoppus i love you
Voyager is on! Oh wait, it's Demon. 
VPT is sorry about our touch screen, it is very touchy 
VS2010 deployed successfully but when trying to add remote controller still getting: &quot;Authentication failed on the remote side&quot; error 
Vsphere 4 is out! Now I just need some descent hardware to mess about on  (anyone have any servers going spare!?)
vvv That was @raigyx3 she's always letting it rip in my house  help!
w- u know who u r!!! call me pleazzzzz!!!! imy! 
w/ every person there. I didn't get a pic  my phone died but he signed my shirt so amazing words cannot describe should've skipped mel lol
w/ the fam..Aaron leaves tomorrow 
W00t! I finally have 1 million GP! Too bad it's not quite enough to buy the Dragon Hatchet(should be axe!) I've been looking at 
W00T, off to the adults night at the Science Museum this Wednesday.. This one is on inventions of Wallace &amp; Gromit.. Missed to space one 
W0rst p0sible myt 0f my life!  i l0ve u s0o much! dn0 w0t i wud d0 n b wit0ut u! &lt;3
w8in 4 the rain to stop dont feel like getttin wet again   -x-x-x-
W8ing 4 ID tech from the sherif dept 2 take fingerprints on my car. Punks tried a smash &amp; grab in my drvway last nite. Good morning! 
Wa kena tipu, hubby said seminar one hour but its 3 hours liao and belum kluar..  hahaha
wa.....every days eat eat eat~~~i wan diet ler 
wÃ¦Ã¦Ã¦Ã¦Ã¦, so sick of sciens  i'm going nuts ?
Waa! Lightning &amp; Thunder! 
waa..   ada orang marah saya la buat entry  taxi tak buat research..http://purplechoc85.blogspot.com/
waaa disconnected ako sa gmail. dad's chatting with me pa naman. nasa canada kasi siya ngayon.  http://plurk.com/p/xbwaf
Waaa I wanna play some bloody violent vidoe game but everybody is asleep. It'll wake them all up 
waaa the octo drive and i can't go for it 
waaa. sucks. she scolded me AGAIN. 
waaaa  . something WRONG !!!
waaaaa I feel so ill, I have a fan on full power on me, been through about 273405 tissues, my only wish is to breathe properly again 
waaaaa! i'm having a knee injury  can't bend it.. (
waaaaaa!! w.a.h was I thinkin???? They never gOin 2 answer 2 mee..!! 
Waaaaaaaa they kicked us out of the bank. Getting it until monday  OMG Chilito
waaaaaaaaaaah i am crying over Adam Lamberts loss. WTF? Kris Allen? Why was he even there? He BUTCHERED that Marvine Gaye song. 
waaaaaaaah, i wantt my picturee back 
Waaaaaaah! Everyone is talking about dinner. I'm stuck at work, hungry. 
Waaaaah ... my new Canon G10 is sitting down at the office and she-who-must-be-obeyed won't let go down and get it - gotta wait till 5pm 
waaaaah i hate thunder! 
waaaaah i'm 59 126 out of 71 742 for popularity on twitter 
WAAAAAHHHH, school  and I spilled apple juice on me.
waaaaahhhhhhh!!!!! my sister left to go to the airport    I miss my big sis   
waaaah yes, it is...I am on dial up are you making fun of me 
waaaahh ...!! why do you make me love you !!? I don't even know you so good, I just know your name, &amp; see you everyday.. with her 
waaaahhooooo 3 hours of sleep! wheres my coffee? 
waaaait, so when did @mrchicity33 let you give him your phone number so he can personally call you?! i am VERY late to that party... 
waaah up to early for a sunday morning, missed out on eddie vedder tickets for hawaii, and have a sore throat  what a whinger!!
Waaah! Masseuse is fully booked. No shoulder rub today. 
waaah.. I can't open my eyes wider! i wanna go back to sleep but i can't sleep properly.. 
waaahh biglang madaming work 
waaahh.. I'm not feeling well.. So sad 
waaahhh i don't want to sell wayne but i think i have to... 
waaahhh...i miss honduras 
Waaahhhhh, saaaad...Fail Gnome on Qtask!  lolll!  
waah (( tense  our assignment doesn't seem like an assignment, it's like a project :o
waah! Internet be back pls. Im n0t yet d0ne with voting! 
waah. soo tired  just got home. wew!
waahh, the ending of æ•—çŠ¬å¥³çŽ‹ was so good! sad it's over now, though 
Waching Leno for the last time ever at 11:30pm. 
wade awake...NOT... 
Waduh kecepetan ini bgnnya, br tdr subuh td.. 
Waduuuhh, sentrap-sentrup ketularan Ninis 
WAFC games are canceled today 
waffles, bath, college work 
waffles, omlette, bacon, juice....typical breakfast when mom comes to town and cleans my place. wish the circumstances were different 
wag mo ubusin pleeasssssseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
wages didn't even last 24 hours...uh oh 
Wah and we think our politics is screwed up...  +++ Filipino minister shot http://viigo.im/McB
wah I don't like not having Joe in bed with me 
Wah my body is still achey with scratchy throat. Nooooo not my tranny voice. So weak  5 more hours to go.
wah siong schd.. im looking fwd to my flt tonite, may fly via bkk cos sg flt looks full 
wah twitter firefox killed my tabs!  I don't remember what they all were... now it's gonna bug me all night.
Wah wah wah I'm gonna have to walk to kings center. My life, so hard 
Wah!!! Catastrophic Sky+ box failure. There are now no programmes in our Planner and we can't record anything. 
Wah, Amanda Palmer didnt put my picture in the new email. unloved 
Wah, local anaesthetic is wearing off - here comes the pain 
Wah, my Yahoo Messenger isn't working! It wont show me who's online 
Wah, why is it so hard to undrstand? Wah,. How could this school homework's sooo hard?! Wah,i'm totally wrecked now. 
wah.  I need a hug.  
WAH. Arrived Manila last night. LOL. I wasn't able to tweet before I left 'coz the PC broke down.  Anyway, how are you guys? \m/
Wah? 12 New texts!?? I'm sooo loved!! Just kidding-all of wilson's tweets...*disapointment* 
wahaha.. ONE week no Stagecoach  I love to act ; dance and sing.
wahai kotak merah, muncul doooong 
WAHAYYYY! ohno, was last day in college 2day before summer 
Wahh  no CSI anywhere! DVR'ed I Love Money 2 though - gonna watch it then sleep - Goodnight Tweeters&lt;3
wahh! wOlOng next ep. ng bOys Over flOwers  efal naman uh.! 
wahh!!lakas ng ulan at hangin..may bagyo atah!  http://plurk.com/p/111ex3
wahh. daddy's away on a business trip? it sounds so cornii but imh.  LOL.
wahhh school  unbelieveably jealous of @JasmineBagci, she went on holiday to turkey yesterday!
WAHHH!! I love gummy bears 
wahhh. got a heat rash 
Wahhhh, neither of my book drive 5 Brothers redemption codes work. Maybe I'm doing something wrong. 
wahhhhhh......it's boring...T_T...and i can't watch inkigayo...T_T...sucks  i'll catch it on youtube i guess...lol--krishine
WAHLAO EH! I had a fall 
wahoo its my birthday tomorrow..but my cake wasnt made in the colour i wanted it to be 
Wahooo what a weekend, went out on the back of an Enduro bike!! rather a bumpy ride but wicked fun.. now back at my desk in the office 
waht a bad day, but the wetter is hot 
Wait a second...the bat data *is* online!  In HTML tables.  http://www.fort.usgs.gov/BPD/
wait besides all that extra shit; I LOSTTTT MY WALLET PEOPLEEE 
Wait my father i'ts far far long 
wait no hes not? yahoo tv lied to me 
wait no, I didn't waste four years...it was more of putting my all into someone who doesn't give a fuck.. 
wait wait wah time is it in America now ? please someone tel me its near 9 &amp; mtv start at 9 right?? im naat staying up til 3 to watch it 
Wait what. Hannibal Lecter was Zorro?! The world is screwed. Oh yeah, Angels &amp; Demons was cool. Kinda. No yoga master though. 
wait why when i reply to some1 does it show up as my new status? i dont like that.  i think fb is better.
wait you dropped the S! @cecelia oh no!! Sorry we missed you  we were behind home plate. How good was Tosca though???
Wait! Come back! I didn't hear my phone ring! Grrrrr.... I hate when this happens... And it just did 
Wait, &quot;Disney doesn't pay&quot;? Besides that, I want Utada to stay.  http://heartstation.org/?p=1303
wait, bad call on the passion pit thing; still another month 
Wait, did I say old news? What I meant to say was I confuse &quot;real news&quot; with &quot;news from random strangers on internet.&quot; Mea culpa. 
Wait, Spinal Tap was on Conan? Now I really feel like I wasted the day 
wait, that Im A Celebrity show is on 4 nights out of the week? 
wait. it was our meals. 
Wait. Nope still not working. Oh come on YouTube please  xxx
Wait.. where are my updates from yesterday?! They vanished into thin air 
wait... Vanity Fair isn't listed on @FocusFeatures website. but it is a Focus film, which means their film archive isn't comprehensive. 
wait...head hurt @ halo. 
wait..okay..it kind of hurts.. 
Waited a day to see if I feel any better about Valve's surprising Left 4 Dead 2 announcement yesterday. I don't unfortunately 
waited after the event last night in the Hilton to see @aplusk but he snuck out a different door somewhere 
waited an hour for an interview at a restaurant....and didn't even eat [sigh]im starvin like marvin 
Waited an hour on the roof, steam train didn't show up 
waited an hour, going to bed now  i hate not having my phone. spose its my own fault for not paying my bill, oops!
waited as long as i could. off to uni in morn, bed = now 
waited for him to go online.. lucky me, i was eating when he IMed me. 8-| :| :| And now, he's offline.  dayuuum.
Waited for my bro for like 30min. And i became a victim of mosquitoes bites and an ntt crawled on my leg 
Waited for nothing. 
Waited too late to in get bikes. Now I have to wait later to avoid drunk people. 
Waited too long to book DS birthday party at Deanna Rose Farmstead... everything available but the ONE place we wanted there 
waiten to board plane back to denver from vegas. vacation is over 
waitin @ docs 2 get apendix checkd out.... Fkn hope its not the case 
Waitin 2 sell clothes for 20 mins before noticing Birdy ONLY after she came to talk 2 the girl next to me, whom I ALSO knew/hadnt noticed 
Waitin 4 a parcel 4 my mother..wish the ppl could just give a set time rather than sayin between 9 n 5!! Means i have 2 miss out on sleep 
Waitin 4 dis Food 2 Finish 
Waitin 4 my 2nd flight, still 3 hrs til I'm home...  do ALL ppl in slc wear their church clothes to the airport on sun or is 2day special
waitin 4 my mom so i can go shopping i might be moving to currituck&lt;3  im happy &amp; sad
Waitin 4 the theory test centre 2 open 
waitin for bb eviction, had a good day today actually. saw the knightswood show, it was soo good. i wish i could dance professionally .. 
waitin for Dave to get home!  he worked in Wyoming all week.    i hate this stupid recession!
Waitin for moms package to be delivered, wantin' to take my ass back to sleep  morning all
waitin for my vizio and mytouch 3g 
Waitin for the man to get home so he can take me out !!!! been waitin 4 hours 
waitin in for a delivery so boring 
Waitin in greyhounf for my bus 
waitin in leeds for the train home. Some sort of line failure so its delayed by almost an hour. Grr. 
Waitin' on a call from momma!! 
Waitin on mum in the hairdressers, then goin shoppin, tired, up too early to cope 
Waitin on the bus. Its freezing! And about to rain  i dont have a jacket!
Waitin to hear from my dad for plans about m grandma's funeral is not my idea of a good time 
waitin to take a shower.... 
waiting 
waiting  for  my  dinner   the diet  is killing  mee
waiting . to get the virus from my brothers  i have finals its not the right time . heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllllllllllllllllllpp?
waiting 4 a gears multiplayer to load.  *sigh*  it sux wen u have no frenz 
waiting 4 another job 2 come,,, while im so droop..  and d worst is this weekend im working!  huuuaaaaaaaaa...
waiting 4 client to send the high resolution image or the font used.. waiting for Akrv to send me the design file..tomo il be really busy 
waiting 4 dad to get home so we can eat haha dunno what we're having. mum went out wif friends 4 dinner so we might starve  lol
Waiting 4 Days Difference 2 call...and  I have no voice. Just great. 
waiting 4 my roommate 2 bring my food back....im hungry den a.....yeah i nedd 2 eat 2morrow i start my diet and workoutz 
waiting 450 to respawn 
Waiting 4sum tech bloke 2fix my laptop, please please get rid of the virus 
Waiting alone for your ride sucks, as well as knowing that your last performance of the year just ended. 
Waiting and waiting ... 
waiting and waiting and waiting for the results of the biopsy 
Waiting and waiting. why does the wait have to be outside? so~ cold 
Waiting at Red Lobster to grab some shrimp. This place is always crowded 
Waiting at the airport 
Waiting at the airport with the hubby this morning. 1 hour till his flight leaves 
Waiting at the beach alone until my sister finishes her movie  CAN'T WAIT UNTIL OCTOBER
Waiting at the dentist, lost a filling.. Dread this!! 
Waiting at the dentist....I really hope I dont have to get an x-ray or anything....im such a baby when it comes to those 
Waiting at the eye dr. Absolutely on fun 
waiting at the gate at Magic Kingdom, again at front of line! Sam has a fever.   Boo.  http://bit.ly/hvWj8
Waiting at the insurance office  what am i doing here? Theres no hot guys haha.
Waiting at the painmongers for a wallet extraction 
Waiting at the specialist... They are running late 
Waiting at the storage to pay bill...said they would be back at 12:30... No sign of them. 
Waiting at train station for the train to the airport can't go somewhere else lol. Hope I can take anything at the airport to come home 
Waiting at verizon...browser takes forever to load. Hopefully this won't take long. Doesn't look promising though. 
Waiting at walmart.  im not looking forward to today for some reason.
waiting dad for take me hospital 
Waiting day by day for the new album, the new tour...for my hugs! My love is patient and greatly. Missing my guys in Brazil 
Waiting for &quot;Up&quot; in 3D to start.  Wish I'd felt well enough for a trip to the Science Ctr...*So* sick of being sick. 
waiting for @nickyjames to wake up...... hazin a sad  
Waiting for 3 am. Uh, so sleepy. Cant hardly wait for that 
waiting for 5pm to go for a drink with ones out of work because Belinda leaving today  at least the sun is shining for her!
Waiting for 6 
waiting for 9 to 5 to win an award! â˜º bla hurry up lol hate having school. must go to bed in an hour 
Waiting for a bus as the new car had a problem 
waiting for a joining date 
Waiting for a late night phone interview. Doesn't look to be happening though. 
waiting for a replyy 
waiting for a special phone call 
Waiting for a text is painful. 
Waiting for a Wii system update to finish.  Feeling kind of crappy today 
Waiting for Andy's brakes to get fixed. No Chinatown/fake purses today 
Waiting for any takers 
Waiting for Brian Peters to post todays Weather Extreme video. Or at least new information about todays svr wx event. I is scared 
Waiting for bus one of three to get back to derby. Probably going to take almost three hours. It's only 26 miles 
waiting for bus to arrive at Breda station, taxi de leeuw is on strike today apparently.. 
Waiting for candidate... Phone interviews are quite akward, there's now way to really read the person  I'm tired of this
waiting for Chelsea to get here. Her flight was canceled! So she arrives tomorrow  HURRY UP!!!! anw
Waiting for class to start. Star was weekends is over 
Waiting for COD MW2 
waiting for Comcast at 8am on a Saturday morning sucks.    I want to go back to bed!!
Waiting for confirmation!! 
Waiting for content on the ps3 to download. Slow as hell. 
waiting for Corey to get home, but would really like some McD's right now... he's not answering 
waiting for daddy iyenk in citos with iyenkto and ganeto :] what's taking him so long?  http://myloc.me/5y8r
Waiting for daddy o at lin contro in the cold 
Waiting for data to unzip is like waiting for water to boil.....  
waiting for dinner, dealing with Comcast 
Waiting for doctors appt. Flip flops got soaked and I'm afraid they might be stinky 
waiting for doctors clinic to open, cold has developed into something worse, feels like my lungs are being squeezed by barbed wire 
Waiting for family to meet us at Benihana...i'm hungry 
waiting for formula one to start i procurred some high quality pretzles to munch but have been told i cant eat them yet proper food first 
waiting for foster cats to go to their new home god this is the worst bit of it  gutted
waiting for gas to be pumped. wallet's feeling lighter already... 
waiting for graduation to come  im going to miss the class of 2009 at LHS
Waiting for Hetzner to fix my server... Seems like Interspire SendStudio caused the problems 
Waiting for him to txt me....  Its taken 4ever....
waiting for his answer 
waiting for his call ... 
Waiting for his laptop to arrive. It will probably be delivered tomorrow, when I'm not at home 
waiting for hubby 2 get home. He's stuck in traffic 
waiting for interesting tweets 
Waiting For Internet To Come Back 
waiting for iphone 3.0, nowere to be seen 
waiting for iplayer to update with the f1 grand prix coverage. still not there  in the meantime: die knotweed, die!
waiting for ipod to be charged before I go to beddies. 
Waiting for ivi â™¥ ahah, She's gonna take her book  ahah
Waiting for James to sighn on msn, I miss him  two more days untill he comes home
waiting for jasper.. gaaah. saturday classes suck.. 
Waiting for joey face to wake up...again 
waiting for john, lynn and the kids to pick me up i really dont want to go anymore 
Waiting for JS outside the theatre. Where did the sun go?!?!? 
waiting for kde linux to reinstall all the files i lost when i had to reinstall xp for stinkin at&amp;t dsl config 
waiting for kelly's call. 
Waiting for kodak to open so I can get pics for my US student visa. I'm gonna be late  hate this visa thing. SUCKS
waiting for Lily Allen interview on triple j... I think I've already missed it!! 
waiting for lukess to start playing... yay ! but nsw is losing footy 
waiting for mom to get home so i can go to the doctor. i hope they find out whats wrong 
Waiting for mommy to come get me. D: I dont wanna leave my boyfriend. 
Waiting for monday to come so Cap'n K'nuckles can get the snip snip. Sorry kitty. 
WAITING FOR MOREHOUSE'S CAFETERIA TO OPEN 
Waiting for my babe to get home from work ... I know he has had a long day  ....
waiting for my baby to get home....I miss him 
waiting for my boyfriend to call me ! i miss him 
waiting for my boyfriend to come and pick me up!!!! agh he's making me mad!!!! 
Waiting for my boyfriend to talk to me.... 
waiting for my breakfast 
Waiting for my bro to get home, heading out to the mall. ....working 5am tomorrow 
Waiting for my bus to my singing lesson...having a hat day due to the rain! 
waiting for my children to get home. Bre is sick 
waiting for my cinderella story 
waiting for my dad to come home, in the meantime i'm getting annoyed by my brother 
waiting for my dad to finish cooking our lunch. I'm really really really really hungry!!!!! 
waiting for my dinner to cook 
waiting for my dogs to come home from the kennels...they r very late!!! 
Waiting for my driver! Hate to wait!!!!! 
waiting for my fajah to come and pick of some of my stuff; I'm gonna miss new haven this summer 
Waiting for my final blood collection!!! Don't u just hate glucose tests  'vomit'
waiting for my final moment......  
Waiting for my flight, wondering why san diego has such a poor design for its airport...airlines are completely separate 
waiting for my food. half an hour to go 
waiting for my friend to ring, i want to go to bed 
waiting for my girl to get off work..not excited about going in tonight 
waiting for my i20 ! 
Waiting for my L4D buddy. She takes long. 
waiting for my light 
waiting for my loan sanction letter 
waiting for my love to call 
Waiting for my love to get home... and getting sad that there won't be hot cross buns after next week! 
Waiting for my lunch! Aarghhh! I'm hungry  this gonna b a loooonnnng lunch -d-
Waiting for my man to come home from work 
Waiting for my mcdonalds delivery. Im starving 
waiting for my new blackberry to come because i smashed the old one  I miss BBM-ING!
waiting for my new loli dress 
waiting for my pizzaaaaa and twilight has won every single award at mtv video awards  and eminems performance bombed
waiting for my plan to take me home and to work   
waiting for my private lessons   Summer Holidays here I am ...England  England 4ever  Anne bff
Waiting for my quit smoking coach to call  
waiting for my ride . ohdee hungry 
Waiting for my ride to work. It's eeeearly.  haha
Waiting for my sandwich while watching a lady sweep away a roach... 
Waiting for my significant other to &quot;surprise&quot; me at work... Starting to think he was just giving out the advice, not following it 
Waiting for my sister to finish her dance practice. 
waiting for my sister to watch the teaser trailer. ITS KILLING ME, UGH 
waiting for my SP posters to arrive  been nearly a week now 
Waiting for my train in Hannover. Of course, it's pouring.  Summer where are you?
Waiting for my turn on wii fit gym closed 
Waiting for my turn to buy my food... So so so hungry... 
Waiting for my wow account to be recovered. It got hacked. So no gaming for me today.... 
waiting for my young son to finish his infusion through his PICC - poor baby 
waiting for new music, it should have been done an hour ago 
Waiting for next storm so I can kite in Sydney   Heading to cairns soon. See green island http://www.seabreeze.com.au/graphs/qld2.asp Nice
waiting for NRMA......My car won't start 
waiting for parents to get back from las vegas, they are stranded there cause of bad weather. how sad 
waiting for pizza... i am so hungry....family issues as well... 
Waiting for practice to start  fuckkk.
waiting for Scott to get home, he got bit 3x by a dog while doing a house inspection 
Waiting for shuttle to pick us up - heading to Heathrow 
waiting for sleeping pills to kick in... gonna be so tired at work tomorrow 
waiting for someone to follow me...desperate rae 
Waiting for someone to text me. 
waiting for someone who want to be my best friends 
Waiting for summer to finally come to Stuttgart; this weekend certainly not. 
waiting for taylor swift ticket but my dad cant afford them 
waiting for the #Carmile people to come and fetch me.  #WithoutWheels
Waiting for the 28 
Waiting for the 70, just missed it too 
Waiting for the Advil cold &amp; sinus to kick in.  Day 4 of my totally awesome cold and I still feel pretty crappy 
Waiting for the Belmont Stakes to start. It's the only triple crown race I've gotten to see this year  I miss riding.
Waiting for the build server to finish compiling to verify that everything works. I wanna go hoooome!! 
Waiting for the bus home..and them i have to walk 15 mins from the bus station to get home  actually cba
Waiting for the bus in the cold 
waiting for the bus to pick me up... 
Waiting for the bus. It's a nice day today, too bad I'll be working inside. 
waiting for the bus... I just want to be hoommee 
waiting for the car doctor to come get mums car... who should have been here about 3 hours ago 
Waiting for the car to get fixed...so much for shopping for a dress today 
Waiting for the day that I can wake up and not feel so empty inside 
Waiting for the day to pass, miss my boyfriend. Want hm to be home. 
waiting for the day when i dont have to sacrifice my own happiness for everyone else's 
Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p.... Come on Denver!!
Waiting for the driver! +.+ I hate waiting 
Waiting for the exterminator to come - Mark found a nest of yellow jackets last night 
Waiting for the first Nuke. 
Waiting for the freaking plane in Miami 
Waiting for the hangover. Serious sour stomach going. 
waiting for the heat to knock me for six again 
waiting for the nurse to come over 
Waiting for the OS 3.0 update for my iPhone. But I guess it wont be available for a few hours..  #iPhone #apple
Waiting for the police to show up... Ive just been rear ended 
waiting for the rain to start 
Waiting for the school to climb the hill and appear at Church for Thursday worship....but I still don't know what I'm going to say! 
Waiting for the second episode of family guy cos I have seen the first one thats on 
Waiting for the seminar  to start.I'm starving!! 
Waiting for the stupid 54 bus  it always takes forever, dont really no what to wear for this beach party tonight ... X
Waiting for the stupid bus. Its so hot  im standing under a tree in the shade but its not helping much
waiting for the stupid comcast guy to fix my modem  love waiting my day away !
waiting for the sun to appear 
Waiting for the sunshine 
Waiting for the template .. no input got from #graphics team  #web #php
waiting for the tickners to come round :E oh, revising 
Waiting for the tow truck to come get me.  NOT a happy camper!
Waiting for the tow truck...locked out  I'll be late this morning.
Waiting for the vet to call and then we are going to see him. His name is &quot;Tippy&quot;. He has to stay tonight and probably tomorrow night too 
waiting for them to pull kodi's toe there's a chance he may end up lossing it 
waiting for this migraine to go away. why oh why must you plague me like this, migraines! 
Waiting For Tom To Call 
Waiting for top soil delivery truck. 10 yards and going to spread by hand 
Waiting for train is getting more and more boring with time... 
waiting for ultrasn0w to be released  dammit, i wana upgrade to 3.0 already!
waiting for unlock at 3g &amp; os 3.0  but @MuscleNerd is master of unlocking ;D still waiting for you ;)
Waiting for work meeting to start. I am so bored  I should find something to do during these meetings other than update my calendar XD
waiting for work to end, and wanting to go see my wife. been working 6 days now 
waiting for work to end.  1 hour and 10 minutes to go 
waiting for work to open up...wising I could be at fuelchurch.tv today   
Waiting for Xbox live to come back on  My babes birthday tomorrow... Had a good day at work today Still playing my metal at work!
Waiting for x-men-wolverine to start... Didn't get the tickets for star trek  oh well!!
waiting forever for my mom to be done work  ugggh! so bored
Waiting forever for something to download! 
Waiting here @ pharmacy...Military medicine is so slow, been here over an hour and still waiting.  
waiting him! ooohh i miss him terribly! 
Waiting in airport...thinking I might fall asleep. I'm tired. 
Waiting in line   http://twitpic.com/7lkc0
Waiting in line at best buy to ship my computer off cuz its being bad... 
Waiting in line at the animal kingdom for mt everest ride. 60 min wait and no more fast pass  #fb
waiting in line for jb 2 &quot;possibly&quot; come out...I'm so mad 
Waiting in line for splash mountain. Space mountain is closed   http://yfrog.com/5ckfaj
Waiting in line in the rain for the evans' cycles warehouse sale...not fun!  http://myloc.me/2MiD
Waiting in samsung service center. Its boring. Sitting ideal is bad 
Waiting in the airport for my flight home. Also, my right headphone us blown out. Mannn! Now I have to replace it. 
Waiting in the car outside super taqueria 
Waiting in the car while my mom buys bagels. She takes too long. 
Waiting in the cold 
Waiting in the cold for bf to pick me up. He's late. 
waiting in the disney parking lot for nadolee... oh how i wish i can go into the park  such a tease!!
Waiting in the line at a CB party. theyare already 50 min too late. Where is it going to with these guys. 
Waiting in the queue for Park + Ride yet again. Diffrence this time: it's raining 
Waiting in the waiting room. I see 30 magazines in here. My left leg hurts so badly, I feel like crying. 
Waiting is not fun. 
Waiting my boy to find his driver . Where the hell is darcoooooooo 
waiting my turn in barbar shop, i know its bad to come just 25min befor prayer 
Waiting oh so patiently at my gate.. Pfffft 
Waiting on @sobeskobes..i have an upset tummy  feelin ill.. xokel
waiting on 5 pm.   Le sigh
waiting on a call back from jerry(emerging artists)  and kalvyn for stage time and float time for the pr parade and festival 
Waiting on a client. They just called- they're going to be 30-40 mins late 
Waiting on a plane with engine trouble. 
Waiting on Amber to get to my house and help me pack 
Waiting on HD video to render 
Waiting on hold with the Tx Workforce Comm. apparently my claim is not going through. I really need the money. 
waiting on my brownies to get done..heading to chadleys later for some fun!! wish i could see my baby today 
Waiting on my chickenburger in the chippy .. Got called into work today .. Baa 
Waiting on my cousins 2 get here...graduation started @ 2...they aint never on time 4 nothing!!! 
waiting on my cuzzo to pick me up.... ugh! Roosevelt is lonely in tallahassee 
Waiting on my new phone to get delivered! Cracked the face on the touchscreen! 
waiting on my sugar daddy to call me.... Baby wat r u doing? OMG i wanna play! 
Waiting on my tylenol to kick in for my back pain! 
Waiting on set to be an extra for Brazzers. I'm hungry!!! Had a blast in LA, now I don't wanna go home tonight 
waiting on the outcome of my poor car  Apparently it was a gymnast in a previous life....
waiting on the phone insurance to send me my new phone!!! i haven't gotten any messenger pigeons yet tho  haha
Waiting on the plane tot take-off. Pilot announced an hour delay  http://bit.ly/14UGvR
Waiting on the server to come back up 
Waiting on these Health Insurance folks to tell me about the change in our policy  boring!!
waiting on this nigga 
Waiting on time machine to finish a backup, tis taking a while  that's what happens when u aint done it for over 40days!
Waiting outside in the cold 
waiting patiently for @amamanaf and dya to arrive. going to the doctor now  feeling sick like shit.
Waiting patiently to go out tonight....al by my lonesome 
Waiting room at the dentist. There's a man in here with very sad eyes and it's kinda breaking my heart 
Waiting t the dentist. extremly nervous and its only xrays today. 
waiting the result from my partner, during that i still lay down on the bed because of fever 
Waiting to be called in for the exam 
Waiting to board the plane. All the people I love the most are so spread out. 
waiting to file a police report 
waiting to find out is no fun...   but i should be getting my hair cut so soon!
Waiting to get back to my workstation! 
Waiting to get Lab work done for Doctor. Should have been here earlier. It is going to be awhile. 
Waiting to get my hair washed.. Did I mention before that I hate waiting. 
Waiting to get my refund on R2 Game #7 tickets... 
Waiting to get off work..another long 20 minutes 
waiting to get served........ go ana!  ;)   win the game... Go Lucia too!   want to see you guys but won't be able to go 
waiting to go back home to no power 
waiting to go back to the house 
waiting to go back to the studio. this is taking really long and we were already behind schedule 
waiting to go out with the family 
waiting to go shopping, even though i have no money to spend 
Waiting to go to hospital, Nics 2nd Chemo day. Its been really hectic past few days and I am knackered 
Waiting to go to the club! have to say goodbye to Jazz! waaaaa 
waiting to grey's anatomy. and talking to a geek guy. missing pig and cu 
Waiting to have my tooth extracted at the dentist's office. Total poo buttons 
waiting to hear back from people I emailed... heading to work to do more transcribing... fun... 
Waiting to hear back from the girls...What should I wear? If i knew where we're going that would help me out lots, but i dont 
Waiting to hear back from the venue before I announce it; don't want my hopes to get dashed...again. 
Waiting to hear from @DeAyrian to see if we are going to see up. Wishin @Villegas146 was home already 
waiting to hear from the dr and going to an appointment...hope my stomache feels better before Jamaica 
waiting to hear from the vet. Poor Justice. 
Waiting to hear if I have to go to the hospital or not  I don't feel good!!
Waiting to print a job  that's fucked uppp
Waiting to see how many of the people I'm following really update on here 
waiting to see which app is messing up m phone 
waiting to smoke. wishing class was canceled 
waiting to take off because they're &quot;changing a malfunctioning hydrolic filter.&quot; I will try to twitter one last time before I die 
Waiting VS to check in to TFS 
waiting waiting waiting waiting I hate waiting 
waiting waiting waiting, I hate waiting for things to save, why does it always take soo long! countdown says 20 minutes left!! 
Waiting waiting waiting... I'm cold 
Waiting with @alyssheart for @siouxsinner and i'm down $65 
Waiting, sitting and chatting when my mom talk too much with her family 
waiting....i guess. 
Waiting; I miss my babe tho. 
waitn for my gyrl Dinae to swing through visitin from Dirty Jerz....my baby gyrl jus went to her end of the yr formal dance  i'm getti ...
Waitng inside to see if the worlds biggest wasp flies out of the patio on its own 
waits on ad approval. Migraines don't make me patient.  What to do while I wait. Homework? Sleep? Booze? Is 2:15 too early to drink?
Wait--Since when has it been 11 (almost 12) PM? I think I lost time.  Oh hellfire.
Waittiin On Trev To Give Me A Call.....      [][] Haven't Talked To Him All Dayyy !!!
wake &amp; bake at the canal. austin's leaving for georgia now 
Wake up and have no idea where I am or what time it is.  Great feeling, shame it doesn't last 
Wake up and smell the loneliness inside this creepy big house huh 
Wake up arguing wtf 
wake up because of bad sms. Pff mo tidur lagi juga sulit 
'Wake Up Darling' 
wake up early tomorrow . 
wake up late!! i have got a severe headache. 
wake up now. but I'm sleepy  ã?¾ã? çœ ã?„â€¦
wake up people!! gosh its 6:55 am and i'm so sleepy 
wake up serveral time in the morning - still have jet leg 
wake up world!! ugh! i have a case of the mondays! 
Wake up! I miss u both of u  i have a lot of homework today
Wake up, mac baby, why wont you wake up?  - http://tweet.sg
Wake up,go to work,come home,cook,clean,wash dishes,do the laundry,go back to work,come home,yard work,eat,make lunch...I need wifey 
wakeing up rough night 
Wake-Up!! Ugh . It's Rainy  
Wakey wakey eggs and bakey! No eggs and bakey though 
wakey wakey eggs and bakey..minus the eggs and bakey 
wakey!! time to go home...im gonna miss the beach. 
wakeyy wakeyy I gotta work FML !!!!!! 
waking now, so lazy and very worry ... 
Waking someone up to tell them they've been root compromised is like telling a mother her baby died 
waking to 6 kids screaming outside my bedroom window   i know now why some animals eat their young!!!
waking to the sound of pouring rain......   not good for the oxfam walk 
waking up 
Waking up a 5:45 for summer school. joy! 
Waking up and have TONS of assignment 2 do. Arghhhh, so lazy!!!! 
waking up and having again big neck hardening, its so painful you wont believe it, have this since 2 weeks - the doc will see me again 
waking up at 3pm with a hangover and a bottle of vodka next to me makes me feel worse ! need coffee, toast and company 
waking up at 4:15 for a swim meet. my life sucks, i know. 
Waking up at 6:15 for softball is extremely unacceptable  FML.
waking up at an odd hour to see my family off to their vaca while I stay behind. 
Waking up cold in an empty bed 
waking up early 
Waking up early because of heartburn is no fun 
Waking up early isn't gonna help, @kyandee is no morning girl 
Waking up early sucks  Just finished an 11miler on 3 hours of sleep and tired legs. Last night was fun and def worth losing rest over! &lt;3
waking up early to bring my uncle back to mississippi so he can go to afghanistan 
Waking up ever so slightly.... My throat hurts like a mother 
waking up for school now, last PE of third year  i hope weather is good again 
waking up from a bad dream  
waking up from a long but good nap,  now to school 
Waking up from naps is the worst 
waking up in the AM to leave my depressed, unemployed boyfriend, i really feel awful... how are we going to make the rent?! 
Waking up is hard to do today 
Waking up is hard to do when you want to sleep in. 
Waking up isn't amazeballs 
Waking up isn't gonna help, @kyandee is no morning girl 
Waking up knowing I have to work with a lazy employee name Erin sucks. 
Waking up late on my first my first day back = 
Waking up nauseous and with and headache... nice 
Waking up sucks. 
Waking up the second time is great! Grandma's home no to fix the broken parts. Wish me luck 
Waking up this early sucks 
Waking up to a frog strangling downpour..... Nice  &lt;&lt;laura&gt;&gt;
Waking up to a house of sick people... it must be winter. 
Waking up to another day of moving... yay 
Waking up to more June Gloom.  Hope your weather is much brighter than ours!  No beach day I guess 
Waking up to my 16th birthday. I'll officially be 16 @ 10.45am... Can't wait *rolls eyes* 
Waking up to my son pooping his pants and then blasting chester french in his room. Happy monday! I have to go to the dentist today 
waking up to rain in Soho London 
waking up to rain... not nice 
Waking up to the sounds of country music... it would be nice if I liked country music 
Waking up to twitter email saying someone was following me. So funny he is. Need to get up but don't wanna!  
Waking up too early in this saturday arrgghhhh gara2 pengen pipis dan mesti mandi karena dari kemaren belum mandi 
Waking up with a headache is seeming to become a daily occurence with me 
waking up with a headache! 
waking up without @albumcoverart is far worse than waking up with any hangover  haha
waking up. always wake up early. no one next to me for am snuggles tho  - try to sleep more. sore parts of my body  are surfacing
waking up.. feeling like crap.. i predict a long day of work ahead of me 
waking up... last night made me realize how much i really do love him 
Waking upï¿½ I didnï¿½t sleep well 
wakingup, bad night, my troat is sore and i've lost my voice 
Waktu Hujan atau waktu malam.. Kenapa ya orang jd lebih mellow..?      I hope this rain will ends sooner
Walao, I want continue my dream. 
Walee, the rabit ... YOU BIT ME ! 
Wales were ok. The dancing greeks shudve won bgt. Just glad its ova. 1game and rugby season ova 
Walk in clinic 
Walked 6 miles in wrong direction. raining real hard. wet and cold. might just head back to motel. walk twelve miles and go nowhere! 
Walked around the lake this morning really do not want to go to work it's so nice outside 
walked back at 7:20am, showered, puke(d) and i feel helllla gross 
Walked for 3 hours and half after I lost my bus ticket 
walked in boot w/Bella &amp; boys Sun 3 mi 45 min - ugh   Lifted am inc weights. Swim tonight.
Walked into a sofa that she knows has been there for years, and is now paying the price  ouch
Walked into Dr. George Tillers vigil in union sq by accident... May he rest in peace. 
Walked into work, called &quot;Good morning!&quot; to everyone in reception, was ignored by ALL the production staff. Only crew replied. So rude. 
Walked on my treadmill while reading the last book of the Twilight series.  I should've ran, cuz I am not feeling good about my workout. 
Walked out of her paper early, still gotta wait for dinner 
Walked out of Transformers last night. Seriously, dont waste your time. Such a disappointment.  I loved the first one.
Walked so much today, my poor feet were abused 
Walked through the living room while mom was watching Pushing Daisies. Saw Ned and got sad.  PD &lt;3
walkies in the rain time 
Walkin 2 work,  wish I was in bed...dam charter skools, can anyone get me a DOE job................
Walkin home from work wit some drunkie 
Walkin my niece to Day Care . Damn I wish I was 3 
Walking around aimlessly in tropicana city mall.. 
Walking around the house and having mini panic attacks.  I'm too young for this
Walking around the school with my ass stained black lol damn you swings 
walking around with a messed up knee. suckie 
walking back 2 wk. Its a beautiful day. had 2 njoy it b4 it rains 
Walking back from parkwood to main campus alone 
Walking back from the beach with my cousins. This little bit of time with them kinda makes me wish I knew them better. 
Walking back to office  Think i need an ice cream first 
walking down 11th. lady had her door open. such filth some people live in 
Walking down street &amp; i though people were looking at my awesome outfit. No. They were looking at the MASSIVE hole in my tights 
Walking down the buspath 
walking home by myself yayyyy .. 
Walking home from am exam. Wishing i could see layla right now. 
Walking home from mrt.. So warm lah! Can't stand itttt  had like 15 min of quality time with Baby just now. Wa she's so cute! But she  ...
Walking home from the dufferin bus alone is always super sketch. 
Walking home in the clear summer air, listening to The Veronicas. Reminds me of how much i miss last summer 
Walking home now. It's soooooo cold outside.  I might break down and take the MTA instead of walking. Hmmmm .....
Walking home sans coat and it's bloody cold 
Walking home...my iPod earphones broke so now I can't listen to JB!!! 
walking hurts so much 
walking in the forest 2 wildgehege. of course too much children anf no silence in the forest. its pfingsten 
walking in the rain to weite geography final  another final i am going to fail 
Walking in the rain with the dog 
Walking on the sea wall. Everyone has someone to walk with but me. 
Walking round the supermarket in a summer dress is not the best time to realise that the elastic in your kickers has gone 
Walking the dog, then to work. Today is Bri's last day at E-Town. I'll miss their Pittsburgher 
Walking the puppies downtown. Also, mystery of missing cat solved: he  locked himself in basement for nearly two days. 
walking the streets 
walking through dc. so much damn rain 
Walking through this town. No one awake at all. So tempted to play really loud music. It's too early for me 
Walking to a meeting.. F***ing late customers. 
Walking to Old St tube. Feel like poo. I think i drank too much guinness. 
Walking to school while sunburnt  it hurts, ouch!
Walking to school, just had my dose of lung cancer this morning thanks to the smokers 
walking to school... it's raining 
Walking to Subway for lunch was a form of torture -- a tiny taste of sunshine before having to go back into a windowless building... 
Walking to the bus stop and i just realised i'm singing along to my ipod outloud  ha. X
walking to the car w/ jodi. friggin west bumbafuck out here. scary 
Walking to the train station  its cold
Walking to work at church. In the rain. My ride didn't show. Yay. I hate having a broken down car 
Walking to work. 
walking with crutches today  stupid foot
Walking with shoes, sox, pants, shirt and hair ALL WET!... I fogot my umbrella 
Walking. Its pretty nice out. Last day of nice weather 
Walkinggg so farrr I don't know how these english people do this everyday!  I miss my lover more than anything 
Wallabies to embark on grand slam tour of UK in Nov... Last time (in '94), Wallabies won all -- I doubt we can do it again  via skynews tv
Wallet where are you? 
Wallgreens outbid #traderjoes to secure a location in #Clarendon #Arlington. at least we have our 4th pharmacy in the neighborhood 
wallowing in self-pity... 
wall-to-wall sunshine &amp; blue skies here, yet I'm coughing &amp; sneezing. Bah. 
Wal-Mart didn't have the Snow Patrol cd I wanted 
Walmart STILL doesn't have @mitchelmusso 's album... im gettin really ticked ! i want it 
walmart with meaghan and then studying for spanish and science finals YUCK!!! 
Walter Cronkite &quot;Gravely Ill&quot;    http://bit.ly/h4xhM
Walter Cronkite in failing health.. 
Walter Cronkite is probably going to die soon. He'll take respectable journalism with him  And that's the way it is.
Walter Cronkite reportedly near death    http://bit.ly/MkOha
Walter was top scorer but no placing 
Wana get my free Mac book!! Sign up to my page plz, need it for uni    http://bit.ly/YNgf1    Thanks 
wandered all around Brick Lane yesterday, but found no knitters. 
Wanna be at home 
Wanna be back in London 
Wanna be home sleeping with my baaaby 
wanna be in the sun today 
wanna donate to the katrina's conference fund: 100 people;$3 each. please =\ LOL. *wah im going crazy.. desperatee modee 
wanna eat frosties with nutella and of milk  love and miss it  because of school days http://plurk.com/p/13sa4q
wanna fly to london again..sooon!  &lt;3
Wanna get frozen yogurt!? I can't drink 
WANNA get out of hse! work, shopping.. anything beats staying at home 
wanna go a walk buh its raining 
Wanna Go Back To Sleep But Cant  Bloomin Cats!! Bloomin Birds!!!!
Wanna go movies with tha mains  Guesss i can't go  LOVEEE LOCCCKD0WNN &lt;333
wanna go on a holiday  blerrrghhhh
wanna go out 
wanna go out, wanna go to town, wanna just break out of this bloody lil house for a few hours but guess what? NO ONE is going out 
Wanna go see &quot;The Hangover&quot; but has no one 2 go with her 
Wanna go to Italy and have a nice summertime there. Weather isnÂ´t awesome in Hamburg 
wanna go to london and met mcfly guys.since i'm not lucky as my friends 
wanna go to sleep on my dreamland... but not really able to sleep 
wanna go to the beach 
wanna go to the german homeparty so bad 
wanna go to the gym but its closed  guess ill go to the track instead and work on my driving, w00 for burning gas.
wanna greet your Dad and all the Dads out there a happy father's day! and of course my dad 2. i mizzz u much pa.. wish i can hug him.. 
wanna just stay home and watch degrassi but i gotta go to work  then the gym
Wanna know a secret? He's really all I can think about 
wanna listen to &quot;my girl&quot; but can't cuz I had to restore iPod 
wanna make egg custard with coconut milk but totally failed 
wanna meet @jonasbrothers &amp; @ddlovato so bad 
wanna play my penny whistle now... but can't...  neighbors complain... ts...
wanna rest on weekend but not able to 
wanna see @mileycyrus in concert... 
wanna see JB 3D Movie Experience again   ... I wanna &quot;touch&quot; Joe again hehehe
wanna see Keren Peles's last gig, but I don't have someone to go with  well, I'll just wait to her 3rd album.
wanna see night at the museum 2 SO BAD! 
wanna see someone  also want a veggie wedgie from sully's
wanna see you tonight .. kinda late 
wanna sleep but my grandma is yelling at me to get up 
wanna spend more time but i need to go.. 
wanna start work on an artistic masterpiece ...any ideas ???   
wanna talk to me??? please do but not rite now im doin my hair (all dressed up with nowhere to go) 
wanna talk to mein friends but theyre all at school or having lives. 
wanna watch bgt but don't wanna miss the sunshinee 
Wanna watch mtv movie awards but it's not on tv here 
Wanna work out so bad but sadly, not allowed yet. 
Wanna write a song... NO WAY I'm able to sit and play piano, barely able to get down the stairs!!  Oh well.. Just lyrics then.. Right..
Want a holiday but there's not enough time!!! 
Want a lovely island vacation...then do NOT visit any of these..scary stuff  http://digg.com/d1t6WK?t
want a nap instead of lunch 
want a new hair style....but don't know what  http://tinyurl.com/noj442
Want a new phone 
want food too 
want frozen yogurt. 
want lots of rather expensive electronics items that I can't afford 
want max to go clean  i love him.
WANT MOOOOOOOOORE      #asot400
Want more friends on my BBM. 
Want much to go to the Library Mall to show support, but am far too sick.  With you in spirit, though!! Rally starts @ 3pm...
Want my hairs back. Immediately. Soon. Argh. 
Want my iPod back 
want my licence back 
want my new lappytop now, but the site says it won't be here till 6/9  
Want My Tickets To Come Throught The Mail Already 
Want new OS  have to wait til home :p stupid gym cancelling procedure
Want real food not cold soup and ice cream 
Want some HIP Jelly balms soooo bad after watching @BonBbyJess show them on YT   cant find them anywhere
Want Star Wars Old Republic but dont have a decent computer to play it on,plus it will take over my life,but whats wrong with that 
Want the busy days to be overrr!!! Have PT in 45min .. for d'first time I don't feel like it 
want this week to be over already  stupid fmp
Want to be back in london  http://bit.ly/IxEBQ /video/video.php?v=187551735455&amp;subj=876005455
want to be back on hols 
want to be out enjoying the beautiful sunshine but migraine says otherwise 
want to bring back the same old days in my life! 
want to buy a new memory card 
want to buy tickets to see @joshuaradin but can't find out what's the required promo code 
Want to change my tweetname, but my real name doesn't fit. And no it's not 140 characters...    What now?
Want to do something special for my parents and grandfather but don't know what.  Argh!
want to eat a funnel cake. want to go back to Naples 
want to eat kinder bueno white now 
Want to eat korean food.... The only kfood i have is kimchi... 
Want to eat sandwich. Sadly no place nearby which sells sandwiches 
want to eat some steak but is too tired to get up.. 
want to experiment by incorporating stained glass into this piece, but deadline says no 
want to feel like i belong 
want to find an underwire old school bra/corset. Wish I grabbed urbn oufttrs one  help?
Want to finish this SCJP exam ASAP *as i'm dying to get my hand on my new craked PSP Games.  *
want to get out and do something, but have no money 
Want to get out and get some #dailyexercise but the weather is very changeable.  Gotta get out....
Want to get through my to do list so I can head down 4 more of #postdigital but its not getting any smaller 
want to go back to New York 
Want to go back to SOT 09 to hear Pastor Kong on Romans and Galations.. but....  work commitment.. haizzzzz
Want to go back to the beach.. Weekends are toooooo short 
Want to go home right now 
want to go home to bed  getting sick again
Want to go home... Feel very uncomfortable here... 
want to go mimis! 
Want to go on a walk but back is still messed up 
Want to go out for walks - but got sore feet from yesterday. I doubt a 10-mile hobble would be a good idea 
want to go out tonight. these are one of those days where i wish i was old enough to drive 
Want to go shopping!!! WHOA!!! I haven't looked for job in L.A. for like a week 
Want to go to a ASP concert!!!  I hate to live in these f***ing village...
Want to go to lady gaga Concert but need someone older to go with   Maybe ill wait til im a bit older 
want to go to new york  so much
want to go to Penn State Arts festival but not able to 
want to go to the Valley Jazz Fest tonight but I need to do more work  #ihaterotoscoping4eva
Want to know why my iPhone broke all night meaning no tests got through which made someone very unhappy 
want to learn flute, but 700 EUR is too expensive (with that amount, I can get a DSLR) 
want to let him go but it sooo difficult !! 
Want to like/use PeopleBrowsr, but can't take the @ reply storms ... only want to see my @ replies, not all my followers. 
Want to migrate with the colder weather!! 
want to play bfheroes 
want to play my banjo and sing depressing songs. but its not here! 
want to play sims 3 
Want to play, but need to work 
want to put the speakers into my computer but dont know how 
Want to put the top down but it looks like rain 
Want to read but i have to revise noooooooooooooooooooooooo. stupid tests and i am not even in year 11 
Want to run, but my knee hurts 
Want to see pigeons eat sick....? Of course you do, so come to Dundee ! 
want to see the movie that bad and don want to waste the drive to bako that im going to the theatre at the mall 
Want to see why we DON'T post paparazzi pictures, this is why. INSANE.    http://bit.ly/1vNSA
want to take my new shoes out for a walk but it's raining 
want to take this towel off my head but my hair is not dry  bleh thick hair.
want to taste and try somethin new cuz I fed up w/ my daily activity 
want to try Tangomonium today 
want to try the new facebook search 
Want to twit one of my favorite news anchor Clarice Tinsley, her acct has been mistakenly suspended.  I miss you Mrs. Clarice 
want to watch dream girls but wont be as good if i cant have the volume up loud 
want to watch peter pan 
Want to watch the CMA's but the husband want let me 
Want to write in icq with friends but no one is online 
Want vacation, need vacation..... but it is 4 weeks away 
want you.... 
Want your dreams and nightmares analyzed? follow @jackimari and ask.  She is amazing and insightful. I just twittered her my nightmare.  
Want! Fairy tale cabinet: http://flic.kr/p/4BDo1S Hmm, it's not for sale 
WANT: Bring the Plaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa        
want'd to try to spend time with the mister tonight...but thas out!  for the last time today, happy bDay Mom! nighty-Night Tweets! zzZzZzZ
Wanted 2 c Ghosts of Girlfriends Past this wkend but didn't  luv me some Matthew McConaughey!!!
Wanted Paramore to win best song. Bummmmmmmer 
wanted shaun smith to win yesterday 
wanted the giants to sweep the nationals 
Wanted to &quot;work&quot; from the garden today....but my wi-fi doesn't have the range 
Wanted to attend a presentation by Erich Sixt. Aula empty, no information, Tobias sad 
wanted to bike to Charlottenlund or a bit further up the coast after work, but now it started raining 
wanted to change the distro am using. Its boring for me now 
wanted to do a youtube contest but no time  haul vid instead
Wanted to do an article on being a power user in iMindMap, but with features on different versions it wouldn't work too well. Shame 
Wanted to download the new #trvsdjam mixtape &quot;Fix Your Face Vol. 2 - Coachella 09&quot; in exchange for one tweet, BUT IT WONT LET ME 
Wanted to get back in time to make @Arrichion_girl's 4:30 class but running behind! So much for a birthday week of Bikram with @ktforres 
Wanted to get him today, but it was too close to closing. 
wanted to go cyclying, but winter seems to be back 
wanted to go on guitar hero world tour but mother is watching eastenders 
Wanted to go out but afraid of giant black clouds above the house... 
Wanted to go see @DavidArchie 2moro @ the San Diego State Fair but it's competition day  oh well maybe next time. On the way to San Diego!
wanted to go swimming but it doesnt look like thats happening now  got ready for nothing :/ eugh
Wanted to go to Alterra on Prospect to do some work, then realized the Soulstice is today. 
wanted to go to the beach 
Wanted to go to the office, too much traffic still, staying at home. Behind on email and todo's 
wanted to go to the prior other day to see the gig but had no one to go with 
Wanted to go to tomorrow's Lakers parade @Lakers but i got work 
wanted to go to white sands today. forecast says there will be thunderstorms... 
Wanted to have a very nice peaceful start of the day. Landed up with a lot of embarrassment 
Wanted to head to the star bar, but doesn't want to go alone.   I don't think Tim likes my friends.
wanted to leave for sharm el sheik, but there are no flight tickets left till tuesday 
Wanted to make a ringtone of @lukemanning yelling &quot;Turkey Leg&quot; from the latest ep of WDWNT podcast, but file was too big 
Wanted to paint my bike but humidities too high 
Wanted to polish off my newest blog post on Miked Up, but I've developed an untimely migraine. No work tonight 
Wanted to post a nice story but the link is too long  How do I make it shorter?
wanted to post Butch Walker's &quot;#1 Summer Jam&quot; but tweet fm doesn't have it.  #musicmonday
wanted to see Cinderella, but Isabella didn't... 
wanted to see star trek today. but ended loafing around. and my backs still hurting really bad  but played hitman bloodmoney.
wanted to see transformers at midnight...but it's sold out 
Wanted to sleep this morning but have to work 
wanted to speak with my friend on msn, but i couldnt 
Wanted to stay up for Ubi Conf at 1am but.. have work early 
Wanted to wake at 6. 
Wanted to watch the messengers 
Wanted to wear my green vans but i dont have them on mee  http://myloc.me/1Xwj
wanted to work on his cipher while working at the library, but hit a mind block 
wanting a drink 
wanting a snuggly night and a movie.. not hitting town!  ahhh.
wanting an iPhone @ the moment! but i can only dream 
Wanting her own personal Edward Cullen 
wanting him to calll 
wanting mikey to love me 
wanting my best friend to come home 
Wanting my lost lost lost lost.  also, I love lost, watching lost, and talking about lost. Lost.
wanting my sim card to work 
Wanting old people to answer their DAMN phone!!! Counting down the days till Buddy leaves for vac 
wanting the V-Synth GT I played this afternoon - it's perfect for sound banding/breaking! but very expensive 
Wanting to ball her eyes outtt  I miss my best friend I miss my fam   ughhhhh
Wanting to be at the gym     stupid ankle...
Wanting to cry...all I've eaten today are 3 mini pancakes and Robert refused to work so I've been running my a$$ off all day 
Wanting to get out and cruise town and visit other churches. But not sure if my open wound could handle it 
wanting to go home 
Wanting to go home to my sick daughter 
Wanting to go mulberry picking at the river but no one wants to join me 
wanting to go the court with my daughters but there not up for it... 
wanting to go to bedd 
wanting to go to samantha's house or have her come here 
wanting to go to school....but i'm over sick so i can't 
Wanting to go to WDW for my birthday.  I know I wont...
Wanting to hang out with friends but obviously they have better things to do!! 
Wanting to have a teachers only day 
Wanting to kill myself! Watching the king of queens with duke (the puppy) im so alone 
wanting to leave alaska 
wanting to nap, but if i sleep i might not wake up before kyle gets here  and sooo hungry.
Wanting to play OMGPOP 
wanting to pull an all nighter but nothing 2 do! internet is only good for so long  omg i want pink sunglasses
Wanting to put a pic on my profile but don't know how with my phone 
Wanting to see @garethemery BAD in DC next Saturday but have to be at work at 6 am Sunday  Probably go without sleeping again..
Wanting to see Seventeen Again. 
Wanting to sleep, but so much going on it is keeping me awake 
wanting to sleep. somewhat finished project but handing it in unfinished anyway. doctors tomorrow 
Wanting to start school assignments..   Can't do it. 
wanting to talk to bryan s but thats not going to happen not allowed to imma cry  its tearing me up inside and he dont no he cant no
wanting to talk to some of my fav. stars but nobody will talk!!  but im gonna keep looking for some of my fav. stars!!!! 
Wants #Aion to be released already 
wants &quot;someone&quot; to come over here 
wants ??? to say something.  http://plurk.com/p/uaj65
Wants 2 go 2 Fusion Church 2morrow 
Wants 2 go 2 summerjamz but doesn't have a ride  Can u help me?
wants 2 see &quot;UP&quot;, but that depends on whether or not I'm working today...standby shifts suck 
Wants a banana caramel tart but cbfd walking to the cafeteria  helllppppp meeee
Wants a early night 
wants a famous person to noticve me and take me wawy into their life 
wants a follower 
wants a full day practice tomorrow  marchinggg
wants a G1 or a Prada 2  CONTRACT!
Want's a god damn iPhone  i hate not knowing where i'm going to be living for the next 18months...
Wants a job and a boy. Is that so much to ask for? 
wants a kuya.  (lol) http://plurk.com/p/rbydk
wants a latte and bagel 
Wants a Leeds ticket like NOW 
Wants a macbook nowww 
wants a mousepad with a wristrest.  http://plurk.com/p/xshff
wants a new computer sooo bad... a five year old mac is just not cutting it any more 
wants a new dobok!  http://plurk.com/p/z4uc7
wants a new job 
wants a new laptop. 
Wants a new phone. My tummy hurts 
wants a new puppy so bad 
wants a new puppy! 
wants a new purse. saving for a central heat/air instead 
wants a new tattoo but don't have the money 
wants a pair of doc martens so badly 
wants a pillow, or someone to hug 
Wants a puppy  thanks Ben.
Wants a snack but is tired to get out of .    no snack for me
wants a starbucks, but can't justify the price 
Wants a summer break! 
wants a sunny long weekend..not a snowy-freezing one 
wants a tequila sunrise now!!! hahahaha demanding!!! hahaha miss that drink so much 
wants a t-shirt but is too poor 
wants a Wacom Tablet.  http://plurk.com/p/12e8f2
wants a wham burger 
Wants a Wii  
wants a WORDPRESS layout converted for blogger  http://plurk.com/p/11x385
wants all of you HELP ME!  http://plurk.com/p/xlrml
wants an E72 
wants an out-of-town photographer which she can't have because it will be too expensive.  Boo 
wants an Xbox 360.  http://plurk.com/p/yzkzb
Wants another rabbit but mum wont let me 
Wants arma2 this weekend. Not in like 2 weeks 
wants Becky to hurryyyy upppp so we can go to the beachh! Can't believe Matt isn't coming 
Wants bed now. Tired after walking in 20+ temps! Wants to be home more  had an amazing week though.
wants beddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd. tiredd 
wants boyfriend to take care of himself please.  http://plurk.com/p/12gpbi
wants breakfast 
wants breakfast with KETOPRAK.. 
Wants Cinnamon Raisin Bagels for breakfast 
wants cold rock 
wants cupcakes 
wants curly hair . humph. 
wants Dave to show her he loves her  she's feeling so unwanted 
wants everything to be alright again. I want to hold his hand and squeeze him.  oh how i miss, how i miss.
Wants Facebook Back 
wants freddie to come and see her! 
wants 'Friday Night Lights 1-3' on DVD. 
wants go go back to america 
Wants hair dreads so badly now. No money 
wants her boyfriend but hes at stinky glastonbury 
wants her bro bk 
wants her Dad to get up 
Wants her makeup bag back 
wants her mummy 
wants her phone back   or at least get a new one!
wants her phone now! why'd it have to break?! 
wants her stupid Samsung Instinct's camera to work. 
wants her webcam now.  arg.
wants him. one and only  http://plurk.com/p/11l76y
wants his #iPhone already, why Friday #apple 
Wants his car back. Forgot how sucky being grounded is. 
wants his hat back 
wants his throw,his couch, AE lounge pants and his hoodie 
wants ice cream and needs her friends 
wants ice cream. and my friggin legs are sore. 
wants i'm OFF .. *sigh* i'm feeling a lil  today .. http://plurk.com/p/x92yt
wants it to be the weekend now  xoxo.
wants iTouch so bad 
wants Karina is here and kisses her so smoothly  http://plurk.com/p/11e0xw
wants Kris to get up 'cause she made him a coffee and everything 
wants lil people 
wants maggi!!!  Hell hath no fury like my tummy when it is hungry (like a scorned dracula)
Wants marc to hurry up an come back. i miss him 
wants McDonald's at this hour.  And it's raining. http://plurk.com/p/ypqet
WANTS MITCHEL MUSSOÂ´S CD 
wants more friends on twitter 
wants more lunch as her sandwich was insufficient. 
Wants more people to get twitter cos no one I know has it 
wants more than anything to be home 
wants more twitter friends 
Wants naifffy to cme to my house 
wants new wayfarers.  http://plurk.com/p/12l2qg
wants NFS Undercover for his iPhone so bad. 
wants nonton 'Night at The museum 2'  http://plurk.com/p/vhumr
wants noodles 
wants Oreo Hot Fudge from McDonald's!  | is waiting for someone to join Twitter. :&gt; You know who you are! Haha!
Wants out of this house 
wants Papa. ( I miss him so much.  Ugh, I have a lot of problems right now. how i wish i could just stay home and do nothing but think.
Wants R to play more 
wants Rocky's shirt.  ) http://plurk.com/p/uhjb6
wants Rocky's shirt.  http://tinyurl.com/o53p5a ) http://plurk.com/p/uhjne
Wants romance like in #sleeplessinseattle 
Wants Ryan and Chloe to be here tomorrow  ... But can't wait to go skiing with them!! In July !!
wants school to end - monday tomorrow 
Wants Sims 3! And OS 3.0 for Iphone/Ipod Touch!!!!! $19.94. 
WANTS SIMS3 BADLY 
wants sodaaaa. and twizzlers. and jolly ranchers. ughh. 
wants some  more cantelope but theres none left 
Wants Some Celeb's To Follow Her Back  x
wants some chocolate milk but we don't have any 
Wants some fruit or bill millers but everyone is asleep 
wants some fun!  not good! so bored!
Wants some ice cream.  I need to cut this shit out...
wants some new kicks for EDC but no more girl sneaker shops in LA 
wants some Orangina 
Wants someone to be there for her at 4:34 am after having a nightmare 
wants someone to help her write music  point me in the right direction!!!
Wants someone to talk to 
wants something sweet.  FOOD! FOOD! (
wants something to do 
wants spongebob shirts...  http://plurk.com/p/z1u3q
wants Steve Madden Skipp oxfords SOO badly! 
wants supernatural to be showing now and not next year  hoorah for Ugly Betty on wednesday though !!!
wants TFA back.  http://plurk.com/p/x2rgl
Wants that pretty little baby at Petco  but he cost too much.
wants that this amazing girls @Lisa_Veronica &amp; @Jessicaveronica come in Italy...   
wants the #ipod touch #3.0 software. Its released on the 17th. It IS the 17th. But its not available to download. Gah. BOOOOO 
Wants the 3G-S, too, but after having spent almost 8 bills on 2 tires, I don't think I'll be able to upgrade anytime soon. 
Wants the bf so bad  http://myloc.me/2Lc9
Wants the fit soldier to not be 'dangerous' 
Want's the Jailbreak to hurry up, im sick of having no apps 
wants the movie hocus pocus lol could have gotten it for $9.00 but sis didnt get it  loll
wants the nerd glasses  http://bit.ly/u3RZD
Wants the new iphone 3gs, but cant have one 
wants the old Jon and Kate Plus 8... i'm not liking the new season  anyone else feel the same?
wants the old Multiply interface back &amp; thinks that its way much better than Beta 
wants the other side of her nose pierced too 
Wants the rain to go awayyyyy 
wants the rain, thunder and lightening to go away 
wants the sick feeling to go away, because i know its not cos im ill  going into taaawwn with the girls, tweet you later ;)
wants the sun to come back 
Wants the sun to come out 
wants the where the wild things are version of wake up by arcade fire 
Wants there to be a season 4 of nbb :'( and hopes no schools fools day isn't the last one  anyone know anything ??
wants thick hot chocolate, but can't  http://plurk.com/p/z1ox3
Wants things to go back the way they were 
Wants this pain to go away so I can go to YATEC. But I probably won't be able to go. Blah 
wants this polo: http://tinyurl.com/mlz53f but it's sold out na  http://plurk.com/p/xgv7g
wants this summer to actually have some sun in it 
wants tickets 
wants to *climaxx* ce soir! 
wants to . .  http://plurk.com/p/13sejp
Wants to apologize to Sinear and spencer for not inviting them to my place. Im an asshole for forgetting. 
Wants to attend @ddlovato 's concert at HOUSTON! but cant. 
wants to barf. 
wants to be able to add Google Analytics widgets to iGoogle but it won't let me 
wants to be able to remember things 
wants to be alone  http://plurk.com/p/11hzon
wants to be at #E3 
want's to be at glasto 
wants to be at summertime ball soooo bad! i miss @JLSOfficial  bad times! butt..... beat again for number one peopleee!!!
wants to be at the party at church  not sick in bed
Wants to be at the summertime ball 
wants to be back at the beach 
wants to be back in Florida 
wants to be cuddled to sleep 
wants to be healed! i hate being sick! 
wants to be in London with the lads 
wants to be in the Short Stack vid clip 
wants to be in the sun so badly 
wants to be in the sun, supping some wine chillin out...but isn't 
wants to be off work so she can actually enjoy nice weather.. not fun! 
wants to be off work! boring day 
wants to be on  diet,,,  but i cant~
wants to be out in the sunshiiiine not stuck insdide at work!! 
wants to be out partying and not revising 
Wants to be outside &amp; NOT inside working! 
wants to be outside in the sun, not stuck indoors! 
wants to be outside swimming since the pool is FINALLY open but unfortunately its only 55 degrees right now  Here's to hoping it warms!!!
wants to be roxie hart 
Wants to be sitting in the sun today with a glass of vino and looking at semi naked boys with Ivan and NOT sitting at work 
wants to be with his angel  mwa love you.
wants to be with mars, martha and carla 
Wants to become a chef, but doesn't have the 17,000 pounds for tasnte marie..... 
wants to become famous on some kind of social networking site but has no skill  so I guess i'm hopeless. At least I have swimming =]
wants to blog but got little time.  Anyways, goodnight. I'm finally enrolling for school tom!
Wants to buy a new 300cc vespa but thinks $6,100 is too much 
wants to buy clothes online...but is too scared they dont fit  I need retail therapy!
wants to buy Nylon magazine!but i have no money 
wants to cast with game sounds  but cant
wants to cry 
wants to cry hard so that the hurting would stop. 
wants to cry just like a baby  http://plurk.com/p/ysp44
wants to cry.. sob sob 
Wants To Cuddle Up With My Boyfriend but i dont have one 
wants to do something drastic. don't fully know where that came from? OVER the fact that Miso has been tip'n without me 
Wants to do something fun.! But can't!  Because it's hard to have fun if no one is here to do anything or have any fun with you!
Wants to do something today but doesn't know wat 
wants to do the Jonas Karaoke 
wants to do Thorpe Park! wants to do this exam nowwwwwwww! My Hand Hurts 
wants to do uni work so badly!!  But is at work, 
Wants to down to whyte , but i work 
wants to download Boom Boom Paw by the Black Eyes Peas (woot) but Limewire is being stupid right now  http://plurk.com/p/vhys9
Wants To Dress Up 
wants to eaaaaaattttttt  http://plurk.com/p/rdizr
wants to eat at pancakes on the rocks 
wants to eat dinner outside somewhere but there's no one around to eat with me 
wants to eat out but no one is available.  this is what you get when you have weekdays off.
wants to eat Smoresss cake 
wants to eat the sinigang of LOLA julie...im hungry.. 
wants to enjoy the rest of vacation. almost 1 week left 
wants to enjoy the sun but is stuck in revising again! 
wants to enjoy the sunshine but is feeling icky today, 
Wants to fall asleep but still has 2 papers and a presentation to work on 
wants to fall in love..........      
wants to feel an earthquake......     I feel so left out.
wants to feel better 
wants to find more of her friends on twitter!! 
wants to find the person who took Daniel! So sad 
wants to fly to L.A now 
wants to form a band... just like The Bloomfields  http://plurk.com/p/rezbo
wants to freakin' modify my carrrr. ughhh dad! 
wants to frolic in the sun but is stuck in the library attempting to learn something for 2moro's exam 
Wants to get an &quot;I kill people&quot; tattoo behind his other ear. Its naked 
wants to get back home, or atleast get over with the kgp ordeal. No fun anymore 
Wants to get back to PlayStation SingStar, but needs new microphones. Original ones this time. 
wants to get her daily (well weekly more like it) yoga fix like @dhitri, but too much things to do this morning ... Envy 
wants to get into thesis mode but there are just too many distractions. 
wants to get it fix right away.  http://plurk.com/p/ozp00
wants to get sims 3 
wants to go and play in the sunshine but is in revising instead. 
Wants to go and sleep/rest. 28 more days of this... 
wants to go back THERE.  http://plurk.com/p/11llxr
wants to go back to bed and not to work.  #fb
wants to go back to bed. Pero hindi pwede e.  http://plurk.com/p/11qc0s
Wants to go back to bed.... 
WANTS TO GO BACK TO CABO REALLY BAD.. 
wants to go back to charleston 
wants to go back to church camp I miss it 
wants to go back to Newcastle  miss it there
wants to go back to sleep 
-wants to go back to Tokyo- !!! 
wants to go backkk 
Wants to go bowling and party but can't. Have to study for my Business Information System exam 
wants to go burrnnnn . 
Wants to go camping. 
wants to go Capital Summertime Ball 
wants to go dancing 
wants to go driving now  omg.reminds me of drivers ed, when my friend hit a cone, and the mirror fell off, and i couldnt laugh, it hurt..
Wants to go far far away from here. Anybody go any suggestions on where i can go??? 
wants to go go the Paris air show 
wants to go golfing but doesnt like the weather outside 
wants to go home 
wants to go home already, been up since 3 w/ a stomach ache 
wants to go home and give Lia a hug. She went home with a cut on her lip. Classmate *accidentally* kicked her. 
wants to go home and retreat to my room 
Wants to go home in an hour but can't  stupid overtime
Wants to go home with the seniors 
wants to go home! 
Wants to go home.... I miss darien 
wants to go on a hunt in her kitchen for chocolate, but knows she'll end up being disappointed!! 
wants to go on a walk around downtown Palo Alto, but there is no one around to walk with 
wants to go on vacay to somewhere warm! only in my dreams 
wants to go out 
wants to go out ! 
wants to go out and dance but..just no engergy to move  4 30am comes way too soon  going to bed early.
wants to go out and enjoy the weather but is tired and stuck in bed 
wants to go out and have some fun  http://plurk.com/p/rbect
WANTS TO GO OUT BADLY 
wants to go out but its raining  watchin Edward Scissorhands i havent seen this film for a long time xx
wants to go out but no pennies 
wants to go out but the weather is so shit 
wants to go out for dinner but there's no one to accompany me.  http://plurk.com/p/z1ltf
wants to go out tonight!!! damn radio tunage putting me in the mood! 
wants to go out. and eat a lot of foods. atleast that would make me happy.  http://plurk.com/p/p4pvt
wants to go outside in the backyard, lay on the ground and stare at the sun..but the ground is still wet from storms the other day...boo! 
wants to go outside, but has to learn for school. 
Wants to go outside, but its cold and windy 
wants to go party 
wants to go see 17 again but everyone saw it without her 
Wants to go see believe .. real bad .. but I guess some things weren't meant to be  anywyas I know it's gonna be great ..
wants to go shopping today, but has to wait until tomorrow 
wants to go swimming somewhere... didn't get to go today 
wants to go tae gleeeeeeesga the day, 
wants to go the the vintage paper show but no one will accompany her 
wants to go there! Plis plis plis 
Wants to go to a club and listen to some good music, then she woke up and saw that that doesn't exist here 
wants to go to a prom  Hope everyone has a good time tho x
wants to go to all these summer concerts but cant  (via @mamadute) learn an instrument ;)
wants to go to bed 
Wants to go to bed. But Has homework. 
Wants to go to bed. Plus I don't feel good 
wants to go to blizzcon, e3, and comicon, but will be going to none 
wants to go to CF Camp so sooooo badly. 
wants to go to falkland but cant cause of stupid exams and mtbcut are going to be there 
wants to go to festival but all my buddies are working....  darn growing up
wants to go to jesse mccartney's concert tomorrow 
wants to go to Lady GaGa's concert in Singapore. 12th August, Fort Canning Park! 
Wants to go to Maldives 
wants to go to Minnesota to see my family, but plane tickets don't exactly fit into my budget at the moment. 
Wants to go to OC with Kelsey 
wants to go to PPPpremiere, but dosnt wanna make her dad drive to toronto, AGAIN cause he drove fri&amp;sat, and he'll be driving sunday too 
Wants to go to sleep but the thought of me not knowing what to wear tomorrow is bugging me 
wants to go to sleep, but can't...... stupid papers 
wants to go to sleep... but can't! 
WANTS TO GO TO TEXAS   i need to see bowling for soup &lt;/3
wants to go to the @jonasbrothers gig tooooo much 
wants to go to the All Time Low gig in Toronto on July 15th.  @AlexAllTimeLow why are you only in Toronto ON once? 
WANTS to go to the beach! 
wants to go to the concert 
wants to go to the heath  why won't anyone go with me? 
wants to go to the lakers parade tomorrow but has no real way to get there...  
wants to go to the mall!!!!!!!!! 
wants to go to the MMVAS so bad 
Wants to go to the MTV Movie Awards  But instead will have to go to sleep in like 2 hours then get up for exams.
Wants to go to the pool but doesn't want to go alone 
Wants To Go To The Summer Time Ball 
wants to go to the zoo 
wants to go to town. 
Wants to go to trash 
wants to go to Vegas to meet Criss Angel 
wants to got and ride her horse but its too dark 
wants to goto lonovala for frenz wedding....bt....no transport arrngmnts wrkg out 
wants to hang out with friends SOON! 
wants to have a bonfire tonight...but it doesn't look to hopeful 
wants to have a lazy day, too bad I have to work at 2pm. 
wants to have a ROCKING BANANA  http://plurk.com/p/ro5jm
wants to have some fun in the sun but is all alone 
Wants to head down to mac shops to check out the sims 3! But its melbourne and the shops close early. 
wants to hear from sydnah  Shirley.
wants to held...missing my biggs baby...really really bad...couple more days...I miss you!!  Love you wiff all my heart!!
wants to help someone with a salicylate allergy. Poor thing is not a happy camper at the moment 
wants to help, doesnt know how.  | has cramps. blah.
wants to hit the beach and embraces the summer vibe 
wants to join BMPM (Boto Mo Patrol Mo) but buys at work  pfff!
Wants to join te gym again. I'm the biggest gym junkie! I love it! It's my second home. Until it got to expensice 
wants to just go back to bed 
wants to just lie down 
wants to kick his ass. 
wants to know how come I always get sick when I have something fun to do the next day 
Wants to know what happened with the new kids last night, they all found a bit..... Blah 
wants to know what really happened to my dear Amirah Hasanah  http://plurk.com/p/113hlb
wants to know what the hell is going on with christophers baby 
wants to know when @ashsimpsonwentz is gonna start touring 
wants to know why every time I'm home alone with the kids that the power goes out and I have to journey to the creepy dark basement. 
wants to know why her body thinks lager is an amphetamine 
wants to know why her boy doesnt seem to want to be with her sad times 
wants to know why in June she is headed back to Chicago and it is still yuck weather! 
Want's to know why my 'Twitter' isnt working on my phone??? 
wants to know why you all feel the need to sleep rather than talk to me! 
Wants to know why you are being a jerk to me 
wants to know whyyyyy the sun is refusing to show his face and insists on hiding behind big ugly clouds of rain  hello mr weatherman?!
wants to listen to musiq soulchild, but it is not on the iPod 
wants to lose weight so bad! UGH 
wants to mail @AnoopDoggDesai, @MGiraudOfficial and @DavidArchie. )))))))))) DAYUM. I'M SO BORED. 
wants to make a better background for his twitter, but needs to study 
wants to make a film over the summer, possibly a rock opera movie or a horror film. Don't know where to get cast and help from though. 
wants to make a prayer shawl for Sue!  I forgot how to crochet tho.......and I don't have needles anymore........  
wants to make a video to put on youtube  but my mom won't let me put any of my videos on youtube  how sad ik
wants to make strawberries and cream but she is wayyy too hungover to move 
Wants to move to boro NOW!!!! 
wants to move to QLD already, this cold weather is killing me 
wants to moveeee! 
wants to pack for the brand new tour now 
Wants to paint today, but her dad doesn't. 
wants to play audition! 
Wants to play fallout 3 but keep getting distracted 
wants to play mariokart but is stuck at work  wistfully watching about 100 people play in the sun.
wants to play pet society and restaurant city  http://plurk.com/p/x56b1
wants to play resident evil but school and work getting in the way 
wants to play sims 3 badly 
wants to purchase Folie a Deux  also wants to earn own money by commission and/or customizing stuffies :[
wants to sail some more 
want's to see '2001 Maniacs' Why won't it come through the post!? 
Wants to see a movie but doesnt want to go alone 
wants to see anjing  http://plurk.com/p/xwixo
wants to see anybody live 
Wants to see Blink 182! 
wants to see bmth again 
Wants to see Britney spears again  x x
wants to see Farah  http://plurk.com/p/11kuhs
wants to see her 18!..  http://plurk.com/p/1124hl
wants to see him. 
wants to see jonas NOW 
wants to see maddie 
wants to see miss jenny lewis on saturday, but also wants to see an all day long ska show in denver. they fall on the SAME DAY. 
wants to see the hang over really badly....although sad I am not in vegas anymore 
wants to see the movie &quot;gamer&quot; not out till September, though 
wants to see the New Terminator, but it isn't out here yet 
wants to see Wolverine badly. Waiting for it to come up on DC. Nyone got it yet? And where's Omaer, I need to get my sound fixed. No time 
wants to see you again. 
Wants to see you NOW  Gay school Â¬_Â¬ &lt;3
wants to shop real badly!  http://plurk.com/p/12mx1c
wants to sign up for the Germany field trip pero no tengo dinero. 
wants to skip school and stupid tuition tomorrow! And retest toooooo! Oh maaaaaan  http://plurk.com/p/p04p6
wants to sleep but he still can't  http://plurk.com/p/11hrc7
wants to sleep early..  http://plurk.com/p/p090b
wants to sleep more 
wants to sleep, watching The View (Old ones on my DVR) GAYY. New day tomorrow. Cant wait for Georgia!! Arrested last night   So overrated
wants to smack a goolopp ass nigga! OH feeel so useeeed 
wants to smoke a cig but doesn't have a lighter. 
Wants to socialise but has no-one to socialise with! 
Wants to speak to my man b4 bed!  
Wants to start a band.  I love music too much to be missing out on it.
wants to stay at home n do nothing!!!...too bad for work 
Wants to stay in Melbourne just a little bit longerr 
wants to stay in oslo, but has to return to the dull netherlands this evening 
wants to study but can't make herself do it 
Wants to study in CSB 
Wants to take a nap. 
wants to talk to someone 
wants to try the new dews, but can't find them 
Wants to turn on the tube.. But I knw aint nothing on but re runs and the news 
wants to update his &quot;HALL OF JAZZ&quot; blog, but doesn't know where to start again, hmmm  http://plurk.com/p/11513e
wants to use the 8-directional dance pad, pero di compatible sa TV yung game.  http://plurk.com/p/n0hyu
Wants to wake up next to a certain somebody. Also hungry. Also back/neck hurts. 
wants to watch 17 Again! 
wants to watch a movie... but there isn't enough time. 
wants to watch a scary movie but nothing is on 
wants to watch Ally McBeal  buhuu
wants to watch Bedtime Stories... if I can burn it to a DVD  http://plurk.com/p/y4arl
wants to watch how i met your mother 
wants to watch Law &amp; Order SVU, but has no new episodes to watch  hmph.
wants to watch more L word, but has to do her assignment first 
wants to watch ''My Sister's Keeper!''. (: Someone call me, I need loving. 
Wants to watch new moon trailer again  this is such a good story, I may have to reread!
wants to watch PCD live 
Wants To Watch Rachel Zoe Project and Stylista !! 
wants to watch terminator salvation! but too bad, my movie partner is leaving me for Bali trip tonight 
wants to watch the hills and MTV awards 
wants to watch the new harry potter movie already  http://plurk.com/p/12kfsv
wants to watch transformers in imax tonight but has work at 7am tom 
wants to watch UP 
wants to watch wimbledon now please 
Wants to wear fuzzy socks on the linoleum and listen to the Finding Nemo soundtrack too - and not watch the pens lose right now 
wants to wish Happy 23rd Birthday to my sexy bitch Emma Clive!!!! I am having an alcohol free weekend  booooooooooooooooooo
wants to work on the website, do the gardening and a few other things but has too much to do today! 
wants too many things: trip to cali,have a clean room,win heaps of money and most of all...to have my general manager back at work 
Wants too see her friends  And just chill in the sun!
Wants trail mix with dark choc but grocery store is closed 
wants Vanilla Coke back 
wants Wordpress. 
wants you, so bad 
wanttss to go out 
wanys Becky here with her right now, but it's not going to happen 
War waged on all the weeds now. I won in most cases (apart from the v prickly ones!). But like Arnie - am sure they'll be back 
warcraft realm is down  dawnbringer = failbringer #warcraft
Warhammer 40k: Space Marines 'officially' announced, only for 360 and PS3.  No luck for PC gamers 
Warhammer needs less bad bugs. Like fortresses forgetting to rest supply limits. 
Wark waarrrkk, w-warkkk warrkk  *is feeling lonely and unloved*
Warm here in Wausau today , did'nt get the rain was &quot;supposto&quot;     got hair cut today ( it will grow back )
Warming up to HTL. Big bro might be moving to NY? 
Warning Graphic clip, today tehran 's massacre   http://bit.ly/fo2uk   #iranelection #iran
Warning Graphic clip, today tehran 's massacre  http://bit.ly/fo2uk #iranelection #iran
WARNING the sun is not ur friend, it may seen nice to start with until ur soo burn u cannit move. Bad sun!! 
Warning! Email inbox management failing... 
Warning: You will cry.  http://is.gd/15Nev
Warped Tour band Guttermouth â€“ Skaters' Anthem They do not have a good selection on Blip for this band    â™« http://blip.fm/~7i4rk
WARPED TOUR! we wanna play! 
warperd tour? 
Warren Oakes left Against Me! and Tom just put out his solo EP ...i don't like where this is going 
Warwick Castle http://snurl.com/izzau Amazing!  Off to Devon for a week...no internet, no updates 
Was @ work for entirely too long. Home now and about to go to sleep. Tomorrow I repeat  Sleeeeeeep ti- ...... ZzzzzZzZzzzZzzzz
was 20 minutes late today  i swear im going to get fired
was a b-day party last night and realised that i really do not play well with other kids  especially pretenscious ones
Was a great morning and afternoon, sh#t evening!! 
was a lie, I love them ^ but I am tired and I gotta go, I would love to write but can not   Byee
Was a little slow to try this one, but Ben &amp; Jerry's Mission to Marzipan is a bit of a letdown. 
was a weird mix of reputable &amp; woo at MB$ the woo was quite unsettling &amp; diminished cred of reputable companies there  but its all about $
Was about to watch a trailer for Star Wars: The Old Republic when I am called away from the TV.  the text for &quot;Bioware&quot; looked pretty...
was absolutely free till now lazing. now i have 4 different appointments to furnish in 1.5days  #want2b@home
was admiring the physique of a female jogger earlier and when my cab passed her side, i turned to look at her and she gave me the finger 
was almost in a wreck and mcdonalds was too crowded for me to stop, so now i'm shaking AND hungry 
was already relaxing when..... 
Was anybody else concerned about Jon's &quot;going out with a bang&quot; comment earlier today? I don't ever want it to end! 
Was anyone able to get tickets for blink in san diego??? I can't get in, it says &quot;off sale online&quot; 
Was anyone else's browser chosen to be tested with m.Yahoo? If so HOW DO YOU CHANGE IT BACK? 
Was asked for ID, showed my Driving Lic, &amp; then the checkout girl appeared to copy something down from of my driving Lic. HUH ! Not happy 
was assured by host that site is not infected &amp; we are receiving attack site message because it's a shared server    At least we're ok.
was at a club last night wen some1 got stabd to death  was standing about 10 meters away. so many people around so i didnt see anything
Was at emergency vets at 12am this morning.  Fudge is stable but next 24 will be crucial. As u can imagine I'm a bag of nerves 
was at school before 7:00 this mornin 
Was at the beach this afternoon, dnt think i got a tan 
was at the doctors this morning...  i have bronchitis....being sick sucks 
was at the ER until 2am, now going to the doctors. 
was at the park 2day...gr8 time studyinn   tests soon 
was at the pool all day and I am still hot!!!! I got a nice tan.. with lines.. can't take my top off 
Was at the vet at 6:30am bc my dog was vomiting blood.  the vet said he's okay for  now. Gave him some meds. I hope he feels better soon.
Was at work till 430am...  Have To be back at 3pm for another 13 hrs..  And can't f@+*#ng sleep 
was attacked by ants so admitted defeat n is now itching cos it feels like they on her 
was awake at half 8 on a sunday morning  whats the world coming to? Off to Middlesbrough Music Live today, see some new bands!
Was away from Twitter the entire evening and this morning I'm greeted with msgs from people trying to assassinate me on #spymaster. 
Was babysitting today for avril!! it was such a nice day thank god!! not doing anythng tonight though  MTV movie awards ;)
was barely even able to touch my lunch today... now its sitting here cold as ice.. lol. shaking my damn aching head! 
was being good, did 40min of cycling instead of going to Kaos. BUT now she is panished by a fly, somehow trapped it and can't get rid of. 
was Blue screen of deathed! Oh wells, Im rebooting this shit thing tomorrow. Windows 7 Beta here I come. Srill not too happy tho  night x
Was bored.  Decided to bowl a series.  So close to a 700 series...  Rolled 248, 227, 211.  14 pins short 
Was busy all day! But it was bad weather here today  Keep following!
was caller 18 not 19 for britney tickets 
was caught in a 'FAST UNTO DEATH' roadblock on my way to calcutta... phew... I'm alive and here at workplace now after 2 hrs delay 
was charm school not on last night, whyyy is it not on my dvr? 
Was chatting with @alascaitlin. Went to grab a snack of Nutella and chai tea, came back &amp; she was gone  I hope you fell asleep finally! 
was cut out from stormy_team's memberlist. I don't where to get Smile &amp; Quiz Show &amp; even my ARASHI fix.  Well, I'll rejoin once I'm al ...
Was diggin my new hair but someone else just pretty much told me they didn't like it.  now I feel like I look stupid
Was discussing with boyfriend to go to Manila for a stopover while in Sabah in Aug. But flight is expensive! 
was dissapointed that won last night..  they  win all the time....
Was doing a shoot yesterday and I started smelling something burning... I officially don't have anymore studio lights.  
Was doing hw but is now in a I'm convo with relatives from china. Guess they don't know I have midterms 
Was doing so good... couldn't help but check the result of the Sharks v. Crusaders game. 
Was eating a manderin. But it's all gone now! 
WAS enjoying the cricket 
Was excited about new iPhone OS ... counted down the secs to DL ... installed ... palms sweaty ... totally underwhelmed!  bring on 3G S!
Was excitied to go to http://www.localsknow.ca after watching the commercials.  Disappointing site.  Hard to nagivate, poorly designed. 
Was expecting a nice twit from mike but guess im not loves as much as I thought  ha ha ha ... hope 44's making me proud
was expecting he'll receive his first salary today.  http://plurk.com/p/11r0lb
Was expecting post today. So far, no sign. 
was feeling cool in the twitter world until..... i just realized like half of my followers are spam... 
Was filmed doing 57 mph in a 50 mph zone on my way home from work last night I think 
was finally going for a bike ride today....got halfway there and blew out the tube in my tire 
Was finding my phone, and I found it in the cupboard lying beside piles &amp; piles of clothes...god... what's with me. 
was FORCED to stay awake ALL night?! yep. Julia. Me. MEEE. Cause of my sister and her dictatorship.  booo. well...this is the stupid part.
was forgotten about 10,000,000 faster than I could forget about her. 
was going to clean my car but apparently it's guna rain 
Was going to eat Chick Fil A but alas it's Sunday. 
was going to get my TX drivers license but need a copy of my birth certif. 
Was going to go for a workout walk with Gisele but her dad doesn't let. Ughhh! 
was going to go for something summery but having already been outside it's not as warm as it looks  
Was going to go golfing today... rain.  Now I am just going to clean my room and study biology. Inclimate weather sucks.
was going to go out but my new phone's battery is dead already 
was going to go to #slcpride parade but it's raining and my friend that i was going to go with isn't going because her girlfriend is sick 
Was going to go to @MTUB but can't make it tonight.  Next month for sure.
Was going to go to Laker parade but I have a meeting I cant get out of 
WAS going to go up the coast but turned off my alarm and slept til now....  guess next weekend it is...
Was going to make a site updates twitter account but nahh, it won't work 
Was going to play golf at St Neots golf club, but rain stopped play 
Was going to see star trek today. But one of my dogs went blind after playing with a dog toy. The vet says she has lymphatic cancer 
was going to sit in the sun today but its disappeared! 
was going to start the new video blog today, but I can't now-it just hit me.  dangg
Was going to stay here and rinse hair but I think I'll drive home and do it, then redownload 3.0..Stupid iTunes! 99% and it disappeared?! 
Was going to take a Spring Interim course in Strategic Planning, but it got canceled due to lack of signups.  Off the hook till August.
Was going to take the girls strawberry picking before sons baseball game... house cleaning got in the way 
Was going to the mud park but not anymore thank god!! TF2 comes out tonight yay!!! But imax was sold out, gotta wait till tomorrow 
Was going to tweet something amazing, but I got distracted and forgot what it was.   
was gona blaze it up today but ended up not being allowed to go out 
Was gone for a week &amp; lost one of my pet mice  knew mom wouldn't do a good job just burried him...
Was gonna blog + devise strategy 4 #areallygoodejob + movie + wine, but I guess I'll be doing it sans wine since I broke it: can't afford 
was gonna check out some hott guys in the bar till karen busted us!! buzzkill 
was gonna drive to Stockton for a concert/show tonite but didn't go mainly b/c of the 1.5+ hr drive each way. got lazy 
Was gonna give blood lk a good girl but my iron is too low 
was gonna go chill in the sun, then the heavens opened  guess not.
was gonna go swimming but my leg hurts 
Was gonna go to the gym today but I dont want to in the rain! 
was gonna have corn with the bbq today, but it went off in the heat! nooo! barbecued corn is the best like you have no idea. 
Was gonna have morning tea with Sparkle &amp; my Spotter Trainer (aka Grandma), but Sparkle postponed. 
Was gonna see Up, today... Dunno no mo tho 
Was gonna start following more people today, but @Kelly_Mcstoner won't follow me back, so I'm too depressed 
Was gonna tan but damn it's cold and cloudy outside ugh  no tanning
Was gonna try n stay up n do some stuff but I feel like I'm dying from like my ribcage down to my hips  I'm KO'ed 4 de nite
was gonna watch Across The Universe but it didn't work on my computer 
Was great to get out for a walk, but a BIG mistake. My head is completely congested now  How can I NOT be out on a day like this???
was happy and hyper... now a little bit low  :/ weirddddddd
was happy in the haze... etc 
was hard to sleep last night after abby left felt like something was missing i guess it's just a matter of time 
Was havin a good day... But now The Break-Up is on TBS... Chicago, aniston the look a like...   Think i'll go for a walk...
Was having cornflakes. 'I now have a bowl of shredded weed-paste'  and it's raining. Hallelujah !
was hoping ATiz would sing live at the Comets,since she was so good at Kiss but no  she looked beautiful though!!!
was hoping for sleep last night so I wouldn't be a bitch again today...buuut that didnt really work out too well so I'm probably doomed 
was hoping for this weather last night! 
Was hoping I'd be allowed carry my guitar onboard the flight to Munich but no such luck. Will be on tenterhooks now till I get it back 
Was hoping to get out tonight but can't now  its official i drink too much tea, i get through 2 litres of milk a day just on tea :s
was hoping to go to Red Lobster this weekend 
Was hoping to keep an eye on #cilips09 via Twitterfall but it's incredibly slow to load  Any alternatives?
was hoping to make it through the week with no coffee... It's only Tuesday  #Fail
was hoping to stay up until at least 6 pm tonight but am mentally crippled by jetlag -- don't think i can survive 8.5 hrs 
was hoping to wake up this morning and upgrade my iPhone to 3.0 but sadly it wasn't available yet 
Was hoping we'd have more followers by now  #Fixreplies
Was humming Camp songs today and got really sad that she won't be there this summer.  Should have gotten that application in sooner.
Was I the only one not there? 
was in a car accident   was hit at the Stop sign
Was in a gud mood from mrng but day wasnt very gud... my rail pass expired ystrday and i didnt know.. forgot my headphones at home 
was in art this moring but it was too nice outside to stay in all day haha i reeeeeli need to study now 
was in bed til midday feeling crap and is now not remotely tired 
was in school all day....as if he were an actual student hehe....I MISS COLLEGE!!!!!!!!!!!  http://plurk.com/p/111nhc
was in the middle of watching Up when the power went out. AHHH!!  fail.
Was in the Ocean today!! Until it started raining  But then I saw The Hangover and that made it all better.  BTW: I LOVE THE OCEAN   
Was interrupted by two issues... no more mails arrive at the server and a report from Sofia was not possible 
was involved in a car accident this morning 
was it a sarcastic &quot;im pissed off&quot; or a serious &quot;i'm PISSED OFF!&quot; ??? 
Was it Twitseeker not working right now?  
Was Jogging. It's raining now I'm wet 
Was just about a foot away from jenson button but he didn't sign my daughters hat. She's devastated 
was just about to try and  dl the sims 3 but realize my pc don't meet the standard requirements  i need new pc lol!!!
Was just called an asshole by Jay Brannan... oops 
was just forced to yell at kylie and made her cry       
was just on the phone with Aaron for over 2 hours O.O Now I really miss him 
was just reminded by @Zay_Ish about the 'lovely Italian boys' . . . yeah she doesnt mind going any more XD . . . but still 672 hours 
was just reminded that some people may think I' not following them. Sorry it's the stupid twitter thing. I have to unfollow and refollow 
Was just smiled at by pretty young lady  however, she was probably showing kindness and pity to the aged and infirm 
Was just talking to my family in TX i miss them soooooooooooo much 
was just talking to Sundra about the great old enjoyments we enjoy as a kid,whereas kids these days are glued to their psps 
-was just told by Dan to NOT say anything anymore...  -now im super sad =(
Was just told it looks like I'm gonna lose some buttons.  #fatpanda
was just woken by the home phone. By the time I got to it the person hung up 
was late to school today... so i didnt get my report 
Was late to work today, set my alarm for PM instead of AM. I suck 
was lazing in the sun... now lunch is over  Bad times
Was listening to such a happy song &amp; all of a sudden a sad song plays.... PANDORA!!! YOU FAIL ME 
Was lookin fwd to seeing Angels &amp; Demons this weekend,reviews seem decent,will have to wait until 29th 
Was looking for 'Just for fun' a biography on Linus Torvalds...  Downloaded some crap instead of d actual ebook! 
Was looking forward to a lie in today. 5:30am I was awake &amp; my brain went into overdrive thinking of last &amp; next week. Up at 6:15 
Was looking forward to a nice bacon sandwich, but one of the cats has been at the bacon. 
Was looking forward to biscuits and gravy 
was looking forward to something that might not happen now....i'm very sad.. 
was looking forward to something this evening but its not going to happen. 
Was Lovely This Morning Now It Looks Misserble  This Stuiped Weather Lol Wants A StarBucks Hot Choclate (Y)
Was lying in bed with the worst hangover ever, started thinking about Sleeping With The Light On. @JBFutureboy @matt_willis it didnt work 
was meant to be working but they cancelled I really needed the money as well arghhhh 
was meant to go shopping today, but didnt wanna go out in this weather  its so horrible &amp; rainy
Was nervous parking the 340 in the city centre in GLA, it is its own worst enemy. Pool of oil forming underneath it 
was not able to attend training because of hives. Must be the weather.  http://plurk.com/p/xpy6w
Was not expecting subtitles...wish I spoke French so I don't to stay glued to the screen 
was notified that JumpCut on Yahoo is officially closed May it RIP 
Was off to look at a new car but can't now mom got called into work. My netbook has broken to  Why do i always feel so alone.
was on a writing wave yesterday, but has nothing today 
was on the go and had to get subway  at least it's delicious
Was on the way to hike but the lightning &amp; black clouds didn't look too promising  we're opting for Rockies game instead where it's sunny!
was only able to catch the end of Masterchef cos she was asleep 
Was out choosing sweet treats last night and came across a giant pink French Fancy (birthday cake). @tjeffree wouldn't let me get it 
Was out getting lunch there and it just confirmed that it's too nice to be stuck in a office!!! Never a site visit when you aNt one!!! 
Was out on the west side of the field today. Not enough reception to twitter 
Was out the back shredding and playing Lamb Of God on my guitar when i decided my amp was too small and quiet  I LIKE FUCKIN' LOUD AMPS!
Was outside for less than 30 min yesterday and got sunburned. . . Wtf 
was outside knitting in the sun but the smell of jeyes fluid from next door is a bit over whelming! i can smell it indoors now too 
Was outside the apprentice cafe earlier this morning, would've had brekkie there but it was closed 
Was peeling a peach then the peach flew out of my hand into the sink with dirt water!  sad day! @HippieKrissy
Was planning on going for a shoot today, but alas, it was absolutely pissing down... So, maybe tomorrow. 
was planning on going to olivers line-up. stuck in the house for now 
Was planning on watching Sundays Mentalist, but my box decided not to record it 
Was playing Go on my iphone against a guy in Mongolia and my wifi dropped.    I think I was winning. Rats!
was playing street fighter IV and Seth Raped me 
Was playing till I lost to a girl 
was prepared for but still disappointed at the lack of upgrade option at checkin  unless I gave them / grand that is
Was preparing Economics....hav an xam tomorrow 
was reading a realy sad book and IÂ´m still crying like a baby  think IÂ´ve never cryed that much, IÂ´m scared...
was really happy now she's not 
Was really hoping for sushi for dinner, but we waited and now all is closed  My soul hurts.
was really looking forward to seeing family after 3 years....i wonder when i'll get to see them now? 
Was rudely awoken at 3am! 
Was scoping the Starbucks in Geneseo as a routine stop when visiting inlaws in Silver Lake - was totally closed down 
was searching for Twitter Mobile Application for My Nokia 5320 phone, but twitter has not released it yet.. 
Was sent home from work today. Wasn't up to it  Will be doing a little more in the garden shortly
was sick and has got a very important exam for tomorrow 
was sick this morning 
was singing at a festival yesterday and got sunburnt because i forgot my sunscreen the backs of my legs, my chest and my face are all red 
Was sitting here waiting for my wife to call from Iraq....But no call 
Was sleeping alone tonight  Now im sitting here and drinking coffe while my bf sleeping on the sofa.
Was sleeping really well until my grandma woke me up 
was slightly forgetting how bad these hangovers can be. i feel horribleeeeeeeeeeeeee. 
Was SlumDRINK Millionaire tonight... Exhausted...and aint a million dollars richer. 
Was so busy tryna get a job, and then got caught up workin' all the time, that my studies got neglected, and now I'm fallin' behind 
Was so hoping to break the boys' recent 45 min nap max today but not going to happen. 
was so ridiculously sick last night 
was sooo excited to go fishing for the first time...  it didnt happen...
Was sooooo not wanting to get up this morning! *yawn* I'm still sleepy! 
was spozed to squeeze in a quick 10 min set 2night @ Nokia. Stuck @ work. 
was stuck in a horrible traffic jam for an hour!!! just reached office!! 
Was sunbathing a few hours ago... now it's all grey and cloudy! 
Was suppose to see the sag screening of life is hot in cracktown but arrived too late 
Was suppose to sleep in but too many things on my mind to do 
Was supposed to be going out but i think @allie557 fell asleep... And i'm already dressed and ish. 
Was supposed to be sunny today according to the weather bods - grey and showers here 
Was supposed to do Disco2K. Mood is shitty, at best. Not going. 
was supposed to go to my cottage today but is staying home now 
was supposed to hike today w Valli but it didn't work out.  I'll trade music with Georg later instead. :-]
Was supposed to hookup with someone, but his plane was late coming because of bad weather 
was supposed to wake up at 4 so I could write and go to the gym. Well... you see the time. 
Was swimming but the thunderstorm warning stopped me. Maybe later. Cant wait for satursay but at the same time dont want it to come. 
was taking a computer to my home for service on my bike and started to rain heavily. I hope it will wrk when i turn it on tmrw  
was taking a walk in office park, seen Dulce's, so stopped there. but was waste of time 
Was talking to Vincent  Miss him so baadly.
was tempted to buy another book last night.  Pfft Self-control! (woot) http://plurk.com/p/117k01
was that last bit true? fuck i don't even know 
Was that thunder i hear off to lab to collect instruction manuals going to get wet 
was the only kid at the recital with no parents 
Was the perfect day on the beach!!! sooo relaxing.....until it got cloudy and windy!! 
was the second #ignitesydney as good as the first one? I'm stuck in Melbourne and missed it 
was there only one winner for Gavin...if so we didn't win Kristi 
Was thinkin July but plans changed  probly not til xmas now
Was thinking about breaking out of work early but the E.D. is coming today. As boss lady I say &quot;Can we reschedule&quot; it fell on deaf ears 
Was thinking of gettin mum the new ipod shuffle.. But the voiceover doesnt work for korean songs which is all she listens to... 
was tht a violin 
was told again i have no patience  patience does not equal efficiency so hurry up..i need a MIMOSA!!!
was too late to snatch good deals from MNG sale 
was totally excited to set up her key board again... only to find out that no one knows where the cables are... bummer dude.     
was trying to figure out why I can't find @TheEllenShow on TV. Low and behold, she doesn't air here in Memphis. 
was trying to sleep early because i'm getting sicker  but felt the urge to write something ... scratchy draft http://tinyurl.com/d8te9e
Was trying to stay awake and watch the debate relay last night.But fell asleep  It doesnt go as i excpected, u can't call it a debate!
was trying too tweet it would have been even better if i was listening to this by the mumbles  and not on the underground  !!
was unsuccessful in getting a copy of RS magazine with Adam on the cover  They should produce more copies!
Was up all night with baby Chloe.   She is sick   the longest sleep stretch was 4am to 5:20am!!!!  So hard... waiting for the fever to brk
was up all night...thanks to the super strong 'chai' with the dinner combo 
was up before 8 this morning  dog decided i'd had enough sleep so woke me up...charming!!
was up half the night with Halle. Beginnings of both strep and an ear infection. 
Was up in time for church today - quite an amazing feat considering my sleeping habits as of late... getting cloudy again... 
was up most of the night worrying about my daughter, who fell out of the bed and whacked her head. She is ok, small bruise on her cheek 
Was up till 5 last night packing and still have tonnes to do  But at least I've got School's dinner tonight - let drunkeness ensue!
Was upset earlier couldn't go to my cousins house today cause my dad was being a bum and he got rid of Aim from the computer. 
was very close to almost cry listening to a song..wasn't that sad though..but it was sad 
was very confused when my alarm went off this morning....am i on earlys?! yep 
was very much dis-appointed  with the India's efforts IN #t20.. sad #fail 
WAS very upset over united lost on the final 
Was waiting for boyfriend to come and then remembered he doesn't finish work til 8.. disappointed 
Was wash and dressed by 9am...woop!woop!..altho not exactly under the best circumstances 
Was watchin freedom writers! That movie is so sadd!! 
was watching intervention cryin my eyes out cuz it reminded me of someone in my family i love dearly! 
Was watching Taylor Swift on NBC but my little brother wants to switch it back to Fairly Odd Parents   .....Oh well...
was watching the Mcfly Radio:Active DVD then my DVD player broke 
WAS WITH MY 10 MONTHS OLD COUSIN HE GOT BURNT              
Was woken by smashing and crashing in the kitchen this morning. My draining board fell taking 3 plates, 2 mugs and 2 glasses as victims. 
was woken up at 5am by a text from said best friend saying that she couldn't make it  boo. i'm guessing because she was up so late...
Was woken up by thunder, but seems to have missed the rest of the storm. 
Was woken up to breakfast in bed....YUM!!! doing laundry now....   well atleast i dont leave the building. someones gotta do it right!!??!
was woken up to clean  not fun
was wondering why he felt so ravenous but then remembered he told mum he wanted no dinner earlier. My bad 
Was wondering why my neck was aching so bad, then discovered giant knot. Neck rub on self doesn't work very well. Ow ow ow. 
was wondering why saturdays feel like the saddest day for the week. then realised. there's no masterchef on saturdays. 
was wondering why scaled images in ff/linux were fugly compared to #xp or #osx turns out to be cos of:http://bit.ly/26HpFy 
was working at 7.20am today calling Asia Pacific and hardly anyone was there 
Was writing on a notepad yesterday (the physical kind) and was kind of surprised when I realized that my spelling wasn't auto correcting 
was wrong 
Wash, condition, rinse, dry, serum, dry, heat-defense spray. dry, flat iron, hairspray... I hate hair washing day... 
Washed and whacked the first skein of my sock yarn. It's about the right WPI but only about 75 yards from 50g fibre. What???  Fail!
Washed my usb stick by accident. Then broke the casing trying to open it to dry it out. Turns out it was watertight, until i opened it 
washin clothes. them gonna wash dishes and go to Heb. yay. 
washing 2 4x6 rugs in a washing machine was not a good idea 
Washing clothes. Hoping that the doc will call her in some meds today 
Washing clothes... Worried we won't have enough time to see ALL of epcot 
Washing dishes by hand this morning since dishwasher is leaking. Have to wait until Wed. for repairs 
washing glassware...cause i don't have student workers in the summer 
washing machine broke 
Washing machine is calling me 
Washing machine is raher noisey driving me nuts! I also dont want it to stop coz then ill have to get the washing out 
Washing my clothes 
washing the dishes  boohoo
Washing The Dishes :S iTs So hard 2 be Me 
Washing this junk out of my hairrr, i got dye everywhere 
Washing up awaits me 
washington day three. still a bit woozy. 
Washington Mystics Season Opener on Sunday, 6/7.  Sure will be good to see Chamique again.  Too bad she's in the wrong jersey 
Washington Nationals win four straight!!!! I have to go for them for five with this 5-1 pitcher Ive never heard of. Sweeping the Jays 
Wasn't 52 inches so I couldn't ride the Thunderbolt 
wasn't able to watch ANG PINAKA. (annoyed) nobody told me.  http://plurk.com/p/z24mn
Wasnt as satisfied with Walle as I would of liked to be. 
Wasn't exactly impressed by the Download lineup this year, but reading reviews still wish I'd been there 
wasnt invited  plus, i have to work @AprilSTL
Wasn't jealousy that caused it,was the first time in 35 years I have loved someone  @ladypn: &quot;Not a good use ... â™« http://blip.fm/~7rjno
Wasn't paying attention and voted House and Cuddy as best almost couple on TWoP instead of Tony and Ziva. 
Wasn't really a nap... More like I laid down for a second and passed out! For 3 hours!!! And missed my good friend's wedding party! 
Wasps went out &amp; I've closed the window over. 20-30 flying between bedrm &amp; sitting room. What to do? Can't leave windows closed all time 
Wassup Wassup Waaaaaassssssup!!!! Hey all, @ #CarNutz gettin an oil change..man I gotta learn how 2 do this myself 
wassup y'all won't be in Kansas  but Jersey is still on the itinerary
Waste of a weekend woo! Lately my life consists of waiting at airports and train stations for epic amounts of time. 
waste of money 
wasted a perfectly good lunch break on the phone with Dish Network customer service. Now I have to call back again later 
wasted the whole day playing with Hulu Dekstop; what else is there to do these days? oh right.. my IAT project due in less than a week 
Wasted weekend 
wasting a completely perfect golf day 
Wasting money logging on to twitter, while I once again waste my life waiting to be fetched home. I want my own place! 
wasting my dev time having to learn to putz with freakin JAR FILES. Why can't my Eclipse IDE just do what it told me it was doing? 
wasting the day away.  
Wasting time blocking all of my SPAM followers... And there goes most of my followers... Boo 
wasting time in the office instead of being with my beloved ones 
wasting time. 
Wasting time..  
Wat a crappy day! Horrible morning  off to work then kickboxing
wat a rainy day...mad depressing 
WAT A UGLY RAINY DAY.... GUESS NO SWIMMING 4 MEEE... 
Wat age am i? Yeah not forgetting that in a bloody hurry 
Wat do I do on this night???? 
wat happened to my 96 followers  bak to 90 i think im gonna cry GRR
wat is so inconsitent about it 
Wat the hell is wrong with my System..Too slow 
wat up tweeters! I can finally yawn!; yesterday I couldn't yawn cuz it would strech my nose that just got pierced and it hurt to yawn 
wat!! not Faith please dont move schools  well miss u xx
watch chef master, the doctor, unpack our shoping, expense log .. now iroooooning .. hiks 
watch high school musical 2 or watch...theres nothing else on 
watch hsm-3 made me miss my high school friends 
Watch it halfway through then realized I had work 
Watch Real Time w/Bill Maher on HBO tomorrow night, and enjoy more of my electric sexual charisma hahahaha 
watch what u say to people, it can come back and bite u in the hiney! i'm done wit U!!! u are stupid and immature 
Watched &quot;Spice World&quot; on Saturday. I forgot how much I miss my platform sneakers.  Good Morning Twitter...
Watched 311's performance from Jimmy Kimmel on youtube last and WOW..the sound was extremely off and I thought SA's mic was too loud 
watched a glorious sunrise over the lake... made me miss sunrises over the mountains in Aspen 
watched a very very very VERY sad ep of greys  more of them to come!
Watched AI. Gokey left.  I was hoping for a Kris-Danny finale, I just don't like Adam. Peace!
watched all the back to the future movies.. its almost 2015.. where's my flying car? 
watched an old heath ledger movie, prolly most won't remember tis one 'BROTHERS GRIMM'. But I LOVE HEATH LEDGER! 
watched attack of the show. i want to drive a go-cart obstacle course too 
Watched Benjamin Buttons tonight...man, was that movie good...but sad 
Watched Criminal Minds 2-hour season finale last night. Now, I'm missing Reid! 
Watched Cruel Intentions earlier. I miss Reese Witherspoon and Ryan Philippe when they were a married couple. Huhu. 
Watched dance flick ! LOL hilarious ! Made fun of twilight at the end of the movie 
Watched drag me to hell with ran &amp; its damn scary!!! Hahah waiting to start training now  - http://tweet.sg
watched drunken teenage boys nicking off with some poor sod's bike...didn't know what to do  thieves are rubbish.
watched finale bones episode 2day...good story, well done, loved it. the end wasn't 2 satisfying though- now i've 2 wait till new season 
watched grease 2 tonite.  i think my brain has atrophied.  quite possibly the worst movie ever made.  bad move, michelle pfeiffer. 
watched Hannah Montana the movie yesterday, and its so touching!  Oh, boy, we didnt talk today? What happened? 
Watched in horror as a big Wikipedia edit I made just disappeared due to clumsy fingers closing browser.  A sign to find another hobby. 
Watched last two episodes of Prison Break earlier. Can't believe what happens at the end . The end of a era 
Watched 'Leonard Cohen - Live in London'  last night on iPlayer - so good! No 'Famous Blue Raincoat' though 
watched Mall Cop . it wasn't too good  was kinda funny though 
Watched mallu movie IG.. OMG.. what a poor direction &amp; story.. ente kasu poyeeee.. 
Watched marley &amp; me alone last night, not the smartest idea on the day your boyfriend leaves for the Arctic for a month &lt;/3  
watched Marley &amp; Me finally....oh boy...cried like a baby~~though Owen Wilson would not have been my pick for Grogan 
Watched Moulin Rouge. How sad. 
watched My Sister's Keeper. It was good, but oh so sad, and FREE. But sad... 
Watched Nancy Drew...wish I had a Ned.  Now, a nap sounds wonderful.
watched next weeks episode of merlin it was really good! now im watching the week afters coz im not gonna be here for them  stupid kakadoo
Watched night at the museum 2 with the girls today. Hmm no more angels and demons for me? 
watched official video of white horse by tswift--made me sad. 
Watched Patric 1,5 at #outtakes  tonight. Very funny Swedish film. That was my last one 
watched perl harbor yesturadai.....i skipped 2 the end and it was sooooo upsetting! 
Watched some George Carlin clips. Brilliant observer and very funny, but marinated in cynicism  I wonder if he was happy
watched South Park the movie again after 4 years and didn't find it as funny as I did before. guess that mean's I'm getting old 
watched star wars episode 3 yesterday. So sad  but Anakin is awesome!!!
Watched Step Up 2 again... wish i could dance 
Watched Taylor swift on the paul o grady show on youtube cuz i missed it  Omd i LOVE Taylor swift!
Watched Ten Pounds last night, brilliant movie,I couldnt stop weeping!!! 
Watched Terminator today and I think it's such a downer compared to Angels and Demons  AH! Anxious for tomorrow :S *gulp*
Watched the best movie in the world last night. Too bad my nick missed it. 
Watched the first half hour of Slumdog and had to turn it off. It's nothing but violence and killing. 
watched the hangover with the sister and her boyfriend. effing hilariouuus ! miss the friends 
watched the last episode of Pushing Daisies 
Watched the last Pushing Daisies ep before  I had tears in my eyes! Managed to keep myself from completely bursting into tears though
Watched the Movie &quot;Ready? OK! (2008)&quot; I give it a generous 4/10. Felt like I was watching a poor quality made for TV Movie with bad audio 
watched the movie Twillight because it had a very similar premise to Teen Wolf, but it turned out to be nothing like it.....   
watched the news...wasted about 15 min. of my life. Started out friendly saying good evening..and then it told me why it wasn't 
Watched the premiere of Jon&amp;Kate+8 and realizes that equation equals awkwardness and the broadcast of a marriage failing. 
Watched The Proposal today.. It was really good! Oh but no New Moon trailer  BOO!!
watched the scariest U rated film I've ever seen tonight 
Watched the Speidi special. Missin @laurenconrad already  We're left w/ Kristen's annoying voice &amp; SPEIDI? GAG! Most ANNOYING couple EVER!
watched the trailer for Twilight: New Moon.  LOVED IT!!!!  Y does Nov. has to be so far away 
watched the uninvited + house bunny, pretty scary + then funny movie to balance it all. richard is leaving in one day! boo. 
watched Transformers 2 yesterday, wish my car would transform 
Watched Up yesterday. Sat on the balcony which apparently completely nullifies 3D as you have to see it head on 
watched wowp and hm [dubbed in hindi!!!!  ] watching my ex-fav show: Sonpari!!!![tho I still love it!!!]
watched Year One tonight. Transformers was sold out.  But I still had a blast!
watched/read 'Dream Boy' I was bawling my eyes out. so sad. 
watched: Milk....so sad, i nearly cried at the end.. 
Watchibg royal pains... Nothing else is on 
WatchiiN a Moviie...by my lonesome...n0t cuddliiN 
Watchin &quot;Farrah's Story&quot; (DVR) in tears rite now... rememberin da struggle my dad went thru tryin 2 defeat cancer da las 2yrs of his life 
watchin 2 Fast 2 Furious then Casino Royale still working on APES 
Watchin A Man Apart .. When Vin Diesal's wife dies it's so sad 
watchin a movie...all by myself.. 
watchin' angels and demons. [missing someone.  ]
Watchin annie, a different version tho, no redhead 
WATCHIN BET, AND CHILLIN MADLY, FEEL A LIL BETTER, BUT HATE IMMA MISS MY BOY MUSIQ SHOW 2NITE @ DESOTO CIVIC cENTER, 
watchin brother bear in my grandmas room. so boring 
Watchin candyman -- I'm hella late! ... 
watchin click on iplayer and gettin ready for exams 
watchin COMING 2 AMERICA..this ol ass movie..lol its funny tho!! I guess i can get away from HELL 1 day!! Hopefully 
Watchin Fanboys with da homies. No internet till Monday  so sad
Watchin free willy bored have a headache 
Watchin Friends. Drinking a cappuccino. DYING with sunburn.... 
Watchin hustle &amp; flow..whoop that trick come on whoop that trick...amazing lol! I wonder where my copy of the soundtrack went 
Watchin Jonathan Creek like a sado bad times 
Watchin Keepin Up With The Kardashians &amp; hungry 
watchin kill bill in memory of David Carradine 
watchin lean on me. such a good movie. bored and probably gonna go chill with friends soon. finals next week  at least schools almost over
watchin marley and me cryin my eyes out....i think its time for me to get another puppy. i miss my layla 
Watchin movies...wish my baby was here 
Watchin my homeboys play ball. you know they don't let the only girl play unless I look like a boy. 
Watchin my UF girls in the softball world series!  but their losing
watchin nascar practice...it is so different watching on TV instead of from the stands! 
watchin old punk'd episodes, too bad mtv.com only have a few episode on their site 
watchin pirates f d carribean and im lost 
Watchin Raw so I kan bother Cousin and Brownie 2moro lmao- LILLIAN!!!!....missin my dudie 
watchin raw with my uncle and curtis!!  randy orton is muy beautiful        of course my boy is more.. lol ;)  i miss you @philliphorne 
watchin sex and the city - drowning my sorrows about the departure of BGT 
Watchin shawshank redemtion. Poor andy 
watchin some degrassi..... have to get the ipod fixed cuz it is skippen on some of my songs ecspecially on the Jesse McCartney... 
watchin some old b2k vids dat i recorded wen i was yunger bringin tears to my eyes 
watchin some Tv... The red sox r in a rain delay 
watchin t.v w8in 4 a dominoes pizza! recoverin a hangover  get bak on it l8r!
watchin the &quot;cone zone.&quot;  i miss joel. 
Watchin the breakfast club but wishing I was in film 
Watchin the CMT awards and loving it!!  But really jealous that my friend is there and im not 
Watchin The Hills season finale! Can't blve its over. Feeling Tres Emotionall!!  xo
Watchin the jackson 5 on Vh1... Damn I miss the old Michael 
Watchin the kardashians. Sniffles galore. And feeling so lonely. 
Watchin the lifetime channel feels sorry for the lady on here Knows exactly how she feels to be turned down by someone b/c of her size 
watchin the movie awards! twilight has won 2! yay rob. thought i was gonna hang out with a cute boy but he never wrote me  *:..trouble..:*
Watchin the poor cavs 
Watchin this GM speech about ppl bout 2 lose they jobs 
Watchin Throwdown w/ Bobby Flay..I wish I could cook  
watchin til schwaiger now ...maybe hes making me feel better *could cry ... 
Watchin tv  and wonderin why theres nuttin good on 
Watchin tv on my phone. Only 6 days left.  &gt;kelbell&lt;
Watchin twilight. I said i wouldnt  but its pretty good!
watchin wash v florida softball champ game. iMiss softball 
watchin weird science that girls got a hot bod depressing 
Watchin Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. Wish my love was here 
Watching #bol 1000th episode from work,  The sound levels are not good.  I need to keep adjusting the volume  
Watching #Fringe Season 1 Finale and I am waiting for #legendoftheseeker to finish tomorrow... Then all my shows are finished.... 
Watching #masterchef. I want to go to Hong Kong 
Watching #MissUSA 2009... god they all seem so empty inside  http://is.gd/tBSJ
watching &quot;10 things i hate about you&quot;. seeing heath ledger makes me sad 
Watching &quot;Casino Royale&quot; (blu-ray), I cannot tell how better the pic quality is...  Sad 
watching &quot;Curing Mouth Ulcers Using Coconut Oils&quot; on youtube. hope to find a way to get rid of my mouth ulcer 
Watching &quot;drag me to hell&quot; . It's only been 5 minutes, &amp; I think imma die 
Watching &quot;Freaky Friday&quot;. There is nothing else on tv .....  Oh well. I have seen this movie so many times.
Watching &quot;Fun with Dick and Jane.&quot; It would be funny if it wasn't happening to people around America everyday 
Watching &quot;Gone Baby Gone&quot;.  Got a feeling this one's gonna be a  TearJerker. Just what I need..more of a runny nose than I already  have! 
watching &quot;In her shoes&quot;  @smile_anna lucky girl! Cart driving? I have a sport party with an 800 m race, soccer and beach volleyball yehh 
Watching &quot;Jon &amp; Voldemort Plus 8&quot; and trying to find someone more evil in this world than that damn cop. Kate isn't even being nasty. 
Watching &quot;Mad Tv&quot; at the office...I'm so sad to see it go 
Watching &quot;my big fat greek wedding&quot; in the jurors lounge. please don't let me be selected 
Watching &quot;Please drive safe ...&quot; video: http://slide.com/t/2/4/RDCUk-1EReb4 - Very convincing 
watching &quot;sweet home alabama&quot; my favorite reese witherspoon movie, her and jake just beak my heart! 
Watching &quot;The Ring&quot; on TNT HD. Scary! I'm home alone 
Watching &quot;the shining&quot; for the first time. Scary 
Watching &quot;the titanic&quot; with my friends..  sad but creepy
Watching &quot;Zeni Geba&quot; again, and sobbing like an idiot.  http://tinyurl.com/ZeniGeba Damn you Kenichi for being so awesome. &lt;3 *sobs*
Watching ***Waiting To Exhale*** 
Watching @ENews Sunday &amp; they misspelled NKOTB in one of their titles, it said &quot;nkob insanity&quot; 
Watching @Hepnova at #ignitephx while eating a bag salad that is probably full of chemicals 
watching @laurenconrad 's last episode of The Hills. Sad 
watching @myfabolouslife &quot;Throw It In The Bag&quot; ft my man the-dream// i see some of the words changed 
Watching @NKOTB vids with @baby_grrrl ! Ahhhhh! Can't wait for tomorrow! FACE TIME! Me &amp; u @DonnieWahlberg ... Wish I had my @b_club gear 
watching 10 things i hate about you makes me sad 
WATCHING 17 AGAIN!!! 3rd time 
watching 28 days later... 
watching 300 with @onlyaman.. waiting for Jo to go to sleep.. feels pointless though. she's been up so much at night. i WANT good sleep! 
Watching 7 Pounds...this movie is so sad...     
watching 8 out of 10 cats, didnt get to see it on friday 
watching 90210 and baking in this heat ...i have a burnt head 
Watching a 70's episode of The Saint... just not what it used to be... 
Watching a BBC2 doc. 99% of Oceanic White Tipped Sharks gone in last 50 yrs. So sad  #scuba http://myloc.me/3W1c
Watching a bird outside my window, oh it flew away! 
Watching a cheer competiton on espn... I miss cheering. 
watching a dull match in the French Open. Still can't believe Djokovic crashed out of the tournament. 
watching a film called madhouse... and im scared shitless...  
watching a friend self distruct physically,emotionally&amp;mentally has got to be the worst thing ever because u cant do a damn thing  sigh
Watching a haunting in conneticut with samantha and sara. poor sara keeps getting sick  ily guys lol.
watching a History of Violence .... cant get the aspect ratio of TV right 
watching a movie .. i feel soooo sick  and i have to study for a test thats tomorrow
watching a movie by myself cause my parents went out to eat with the rest of my family!! 
watching a movie by myself.. thanks @MarielleLoreto..  just kidding, ily.
watching a movie can't sleep 
watching a movie in class... kinda werid, i cant follow cause all i want to do it read new moon... 
watching a movie to fall asleep never works for me...  i end up getting into the movie and watching the whole damn thing 
Watching a movie with ALL my favorite danish actors.. But I hate it.. The script is so bad that I think I'll find something else to watch 
watching a movie with mark liz and archie. I miss my chris 
watching a movie with my sissies.. Wish you were here 
watching a movie with the boy.... time for bed soon..... work at 6 tomorrow!  
Watching a movie, eating a lollipop, and then hitting the sack. I have govt. to do in the morning. 
Watching a movie, missing Shawn and feeling crappy. 
watching a movie.. by myself 
Watching a movie... By myself 
Watching a nature program on Animal Planet, and hoping I see nothing die. 
Watching a rerun of SNL. Funny, but not a fan of the lines they're feeding Alec Baldwin. Disappointing! 
Watching a video of Demi singing Don't Forget aat the Wiltern Theater right now... So sad.  I think the tears are really going down...
watching a weird movie bout Alcatraz an doing my English proj only like 1/2 way thru  ( due Mon )
Watching A&amp;E's new show about ocd. I love it so far! Im so sad for these people i want to help them feel better! 
watching Air France tragedy on new, my prayers go out to all 
watching ALIAS i miss this show  then bed
Watching all these episodes of 48 hours: Hard Evidence has made me incredibly paranoid in my everyday life.  I'm afraid to leave my house 
Watching Allie's game all by myself 
watching Amela pack, so depressing 
Watching American Idol. I miss that show 
watching an amazing episode of Buffy!  Unfortunately the remote is lost so I can't watch Chosen 
Watching an emo kid sit in the green space behind the townhouse while I do laundry. They're visibly upset. 
Watching an old friend slowly start talking to a guy that's going to treat her horrible and there's nothing I can do. I feel helpless  AWW
Watching an old Martha podcast. She's stepping on her shovel to move some dirt you can see her ankle monitor under her jeans. Haha so sad 
Watching Andy Murray play some shocking tennis. Also lost my voice 
Watching another fave VM epi &quot;The Bitch is Back&quot; which is also the finale of season 3 and the series  
watching antm cycle 12 without sound, my speaker is broken 
watching apprentice final on iplayer as mum and sis and bro are watchin' house on the tv 
Watching AR since Michael isn't home...praying that God will give us a break and let us be together...&amp; for all the other mess this week 
Watching Argentina vs Colombia. Kun Kun Kun.  Forlan could not do anything against Brazil... What  a gollie Uruguay has 
watching army wives....ive missed this!!!!!!!!! whos dead?? 
Watching Arsenal Vs Chelsea now. Sad that Arshavin and Adebayor aren't playing 
Watching arsenal vs chelsea on tv, no liverpool so I would go for arsenal 
Watching ashes to ashes! Poor alez drake, she needs to get back to molly! 
Watching Australia hammering poor old Bangladesh in the world T20 warm up game, although sadly not actually there 
watching b.g.f (best guy friend) play guitar hero: metallica on Xbox360.  dude has no life.  so sad 
watching bargain hunt..rushing to get ready for work.. 
watching baseball practice with my friends...the bugs 
watching Basic Instinct with my sick little brother. Poor guy 
Watching BBC News 24 and it's thoroughly depressing. Feeling blue. 
Watching be cool w-the fam...minus matt 
watching BGT for the last time  and having wine and a bbq!! lovely!
watching big brother 
Watching Big Brother (ashamed  )
Watching big brother live...i said i wouldn't watch it this year  it has sucked me in already 
Watching big brother, not very good this year 
Watching bill &amp; ted with ross being nerdy on my laptop. Oh what a lovely day 
Watching Bleach! Awesome Anime found on Hulu. On way to recovery but it looks like it's going to take quite some time 
watching BME pain olympics with friends 
Watching Bo play Final Fantasy.  Bo ring. Can we please play Mortal Kombat? .a.b.b.y.
Watching bolt by myself 
watching bones all night i guess 
Watching Borat alone - Poor Rob  Amazing what people are capable of.
Watching boring sex talks in compulsory journal club 
Watching bourne ultimatum...trying to fall asleep...need to fall alseep...but can't  LOL damn u starbucks hahaha
Watching Bowling for Columbine. And realised tomorrow happens to be exactly a decade since the day of the shooting. 
watching boys over flowers. :&quot;&gt; HAHAH!  JUN PYO, PLEASE BE MINE. 
Watching Bremner, Bird and Fortune... I hope it ends soon... It's not that funny! xxx 
Watching Bride Wars!! Still feel crappy 
watching britains got talent  i wanna be on there 
watching britains got talent, aiden wasnt that good  shaheen was really good! :O and flawless too ;P
watching britains got talent, poor holly 
Watching Britans Got More Talent   
Watching brothers n sisters season 3 episode 16 hehe tadi udah ambil jatah indomie utk minggu ini, skrg kekenyangan huaaaaa 
Watching Burn After Reading... Ten stars do not necessariliy make a good movie... 
watching bye bye birdie. should be cleaning, or exercising... instead im learing songs... im so devoted. 
Watching caitlin empty out her side. Getting extremely sentimental. Todays gonna be rough. 
Watching can u duet on cmt, but really want to be in Dallas to see Jonas bothers 
watching celtic throw title away!!!! 
Watching charms school.I just woke up not to long ago.I need sleeping pills I just know I'm not going to beable to fall asleep 
Watching click! god this movies sad 
Watching click. Sad sad movie 
watching CMAs and resting my backk 
watching CMT awards and sad Carrie isnt there! 
Watching CMT awards live online!!!! OOHHHH how I love technology. P.S. I am in desperate need of extended cable. 
watching cmt awards!!! sad kenny chesney isnt on it!!! 
Watching CMT Awards........again, since the power went out last night 
Watching cnn .. A story about racing horses being starved 
Watching CNN Anderson Cooper and playing facebook games  BORE AS HELL
Watching commercials, cheers, and logos at YBA! Almost done for the week  #fb
Watching Conan and cramping bad 
Watching Conan then going to sleep...have to wake up early for Spalding training 
watching conan, it is conan, not the tonight show. 
Watching Conan, it's funny but different 
watching cops! do the suspects actually use these tapes as evidence. i would. it's police brutality at ur viewing pleasure 
Watching Cosito (dog) while he's having another seizure so he dosent fall or get hurt  poor boy.
watching countdown, i got 'ski' 
watching csi. this holiday is totally boring! a day seems like a year  
Watching csi:miami..i want to go home! I miss my family and friends 
Watching Daily Show cover Obama at the AMA.  Yes, I was looking for the back of my Dad's head.  The shot was too close 
watching Daisy of Love and finishing Crazier. 
Watching Dan in Real Life one of my faves* many ppl don't like it.. I can relate in many ways &lt;3 -- about to feed the babies 
Watching Dance of the dead ughh bored 
Watching Dark Knight with my kids... Today was the last day of school! Whoo hoo. Such an ugly day...  
Watching Dark Knight. The Wifey went to work    ~Harlyn yo~
watching dave!  wish I were there 
watching David Garrett with Band &amp; Orchestra was boring 
Watching 'Day Of The Dead'. It's not a George A. Romero film 
Watching Dead Presidents w/ everyone else finish gettin' ready. My breakfast = cold pizza My fam's= Peruvian Breakfast  ughhh
watching Deadliest Catch ... my usual Tues. nite adventure, but tonite's the final show 
watching deal or no deal  but feeling sad 
Watching Death Note film. and isnt very well 
watching Degrassi on the N. missing drake on here 
watching degrassi. its the episode when jimmy got shot 
watching degrassi...wow thats pathetic 
watching Delhi 6 and not liking it much 
watching dennis the menace. my eyes hurt 
Watching desperate housewives and bored out of my brains. 
Watching Desperate Housewives at the apartment! Work tomorrow  @ Fairfax County Pky &amp; North Lake Dr http://loopt.us/D5bFbw.t
Watching Desperate Housewives then Brothers &amp; Sisters.  Back to the old salt mines tomorrow....the lottery has passed me by yet again.  
Watching Dirty Dancing. Favourite movie of all time. Sad that Patrick Swayze is so sick these days. 
Watching Dirty Sexy Money now. I got Typing Manaic spams  grrr where the internet? - http://tweet.sg
watching disneey channel, myspace, aim and i'm still bored D: ! wthck  someone take me outtttt )
watching Disney movies makes me miss Disneyland 
Watching Disney movies with the kids tonight and hoping to be asleep by 10pm after doing bible study. I miss Jason! 
Watching DJ Emir battle his computer for supreme ruler of the studio.  I think the computer is winning 
Watching Dog the Bounty Hunter. 
Watching DogTown... I'm going to cry... 
watching Dora a while ago &amp; i cant heklp but miss my old RLE  @kristelnadlang @demois @liajoyce
Watching Dr.House, Thats the only thing keeping me busy now 
Watching Drag Me To Hell cause Up 3D is sould out 
Watching E.T., getting ready for bed. Gotta open tomorrow 
Watching E3 live right now on G4 cause the internet version was a little choppy. Now i cant interact 
Watching embarrassing illnesses...eek.  Also saying a little prayer for all those snails that were trodded on in the car park today. 
Watching Eminem perform. I was hoping Dr.Dre would come out but he didn't  That performance would've been sick if he did.
watching Entourage and reading up on some marketing stuff. picking out an outfit for my first day. gotta get dressed up for work noww 
Watching Evermore @ The Capital. Waiting to, anyway 
Watching facts about tobacco consumption among health professionals worldwide:  (http://tinyurl.com/dc8bu3 
watching Fallon with mom and working on a project...school is hard 
watching family channel, and missing quebec !! 
Watching family matters. I miss JB so much right now  going to sleep noww.
Watching Farscape, have eaten all the Timtams... no more left... all gone.. 
Watching Final Break, yep i hope it would be good, i'll miss prison break 
Watching final prison break  .... Hoping michael lives ...
Watching final Pushing Daisies.   *infinite+3 sadfaces*
Watching fist of Zen! Had the laziest day, done nothing but watch movies and eat BK. Back to Uni tomoro 
Watching flashdance 
watching food network and myspacing wishing a chef would make me some mexically foodizzle. mehhh 
watching Food Network. Hungry. Nothing good in this house 
Watching Formula One, and my fave driver got kicked out in the first lap. Not happy! 
Watching forrest gump on youtube.  Sad that part seven is missing.  
Watching FOX news, AMAZED at the twisting stories!  MSNBC, CNN, the NYTimes and The Times(a conservative paper) all told it differently 
Watching fran and brit in their cap and gown sinday church service. Very sad  lol
Watching Friends and eating oatmeal with banana and walnuts... then schoooool 
Watching Friends, I wanna get married now 
watching friendzz. my throat, nose and ears are killing me 
watching full house and cleaning.  Homework soon though 
Watching full house, it's the one where DJ &amp; Steve breaks up..NO! 
Watching funny youtube videos.. bored.. hungry.. tired.. feeling sick.. 
Watching Game 2 all alone...  Im nervous...
watching get smart :: now im bummed that i was at the disney concert hall a week ago from today  :: i miss caliii!
Watching GH. I feel so bad for Carly.  OMG, so fucked up.
Watching Giada deLaurentiis make some kind of pasta on Food Network...it looks good...better than my hot pocket. 
watching Gilmore Girls reruns!! Don't know what else to do for the day 
watching ginger snaps, ugh I hate this film sfm 
Watching Giro Stage 20 online, Fox &amp; Friends on TV, &amp; holding out hope that Levi could move up in today's stage.  I know, not happening. 
watching Glee i miss Kevin 
watching Glos get a little bit beaten.  not good.
watching golf now and got a bellyache from the buffet 
Watching good intro to asp.net mvc, nothing new to me tho  hoping @serialseb can offer more. Just not naked firemen. #dddscot
watching gossip girl, home sick 
Watching Gossip Girl... I miss you, P! 
Watching grand torino, damn 
watching grays anatomy i think it going to be a sad episode 
watching Great Big Sea @ The Dakota.. SO wish I'd been there!  to think I was mere blocks away when they filmed it 
Watching greys anatomy and yay izzy and alex are getting hitched...she's gonna die though, you just know it! 
watching grey's anatomy makes me cry because i miss seattle 
Watching Grey's finale for the 3rd time in a week. Poor George. 
Watching Guess Who w/ @aplusk and Bernie Mac. R.I.P Bernie Mac 
watching hannah montana  lol and sniffing. i wish i could just sleep 
watching hannah montana on super rtl :/ guess what..in german - yeah really uhhh  I want disney channel..
Watching Hannity ... they're all yelling at each other.  
watching happy feet and missing my girl 
Watching happy feet. He's so flippen cute! Why do all the penguins hate him?  awesome! http://is.gd/R7eO
watching Happy Feet; wishing someone was here with me. 
watching Harper's Island now. very thrilling! too bad i can't continue watching after the holidays... 
watching Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. Where are the vampires in this movie 
watching harry potter...goblet of fire....uhhh, robert pattinson makes this movie, even though he dies 
Watching hdtv makes me feel like my vision got better. But then I turn it back to regulars channels &amp; then I realize how bad it eyes are 
watching high school musical in my house so lonely   #BTS
Watching highlights of Lakers/Nuggets game 2 on nba.com. Quality of play is awesome. Miss my NBA 
Watching highlights of villa match. How many chances do villa need b4 they can score?? 
Watching him leave for work for the last time. I'm sad 
Watching history repeated 
watching Holland's got Talent. I so wished we had a Susan... I can safely say we don't 
Watching hollyoaks - hoping Justin isn't the one to die. 
watching Hook, reminds me of when i was younger and me and my dad would watch it.. 
watching hot hawaiian nights wishin' I was at mai tais  TEAR....
watching house but about to go to bed.. 330am is not that far from now  @ least i'll be enjoying the sunrise in another state w. my horse!
watching House but my discs are all labeled incorrectly 
Watching House durring lunch at work- don't want to go back 
watching house until I fall asleep. I don't want to work tomorrow. My back is burnin' up right now 
watching how she move , i have a thing for dance films , i wish i still did dancing 
Watching Howls Moving Castle to cheer me up from this crappy mood. eating an ice lolly in an attempt to cool down 
Watching hubby weeding outside.  He hates it.  He just broke the spade 
Watching I am legend AGAIN. I like this movie. I wish Sam didn't have to die 
watching I am sam  crying my eyes outt lol
watching i am sam so sad 
watching iCarly.  I'm sorta bored, and on wensday i'll have glasses   (oh wait, i mean 8-(  )
watching Idol before bed. Exhausted. 7 day work week is never fun.... 
Watching I'm a celebrity, get me out of here!!! hahahahaha. I'm definitely running out of TV to watch 
Watching I'm a celebrity, very sad that my fish bowl is ending  oh well Big Brother begins soon 
Watching I'm a Celebrity...Sanjaya better stay....I'm still sad that Holly left 
Watching intervention, then rescue me, then 16 and pregnant... No So You Think You Can Dance tonight  Or is it Wed?
watching it again.. lol. very touching. wanna cry! he left already  http://bit.ly/mOCnY
watching it rain... no softball for me tonight 
watching Janet and PCD makes me wanna go back to dance class.. ugH! how i miss the art...  i wanna perform like i did in highschool..
Watching jay leno. His last time hosting the tonight show 
Watching JAY LENO's last night on the Tonight Show now. 
watching Jay Leno's last show 
Watching Jay Leno's last show. How sad.. 
watching Jay Leno's last show. I'm getting sad 
Watching Jay Leno's last Tonight Show EVER...   sad day. Conan is terrible.
Watching Jeremy Kyle , and is not at school because of conjunctivitus 
watching jimmy fallon in order to see Steve Martin.  jimmy fallon
Watching john and late plus eight and my heart is broken 
watching Jon &amp; Kate  + 8...it's not looking good   
watching Jon and Kate plus 8 [sad that they are separating  ]
watching Jon and Kate plus 8 and wishing that Jon and Kate could stop being so dumb and start acting married again... 
watching Jon and Kate plus 8. FIVE MORE DAYS! it's killing me 
Watching Jon&amp;KatePlus8. I miss Ray &lt;3 
watching jonas it's almost over though 
watching joshua play video games...lameeee 
watching June 5 Episode of BOF on You tube, i did not watch it because of stupid blackout 
Watching juno (again) should be sleeping...sadly early day tomorrow  Showing the apt!
Watching Kaleb Nation's BlogTv. First one for me but I have no idea how to actually get on lol Can only get into waiting room as a guest 
watching lady &amp; the tramp. makes me want a puppy 
Watching Larry King, getting ready to open at work tmo @ 5:30 am 
Watching last chance harvey. So sad 
watching last episode of *One Liter of Tears* on you tube.. so sad. 
Watching last nights jon and kate even though i know what happens 
Watching Law &amp; Order while wishing I had the DEXTER Season 3 box set. I don't want to buy it on iTunes  I miss DEXTER! Law &amp; Order suxx.
watching law &amp; order, it's scary thinking cases like rape would be real out there in the real world  sick bastards.
Watching Law n Order SVU without boobee 
Watching legally blonde 2 .. Aw I want my own chihuahua. 
watching Leno's last show 
Watching Leno's last show. Kinda bittersweet. 
Watching Lewis Hamilton being lapped up 
Watching Lie to Me. All these crime type progs are the same. Love Tim Roth, hate US crime shows 
watching lion king mufasa just died 
watching little miss sunshine..i need sunshine 
Watching Liverpool V Newcastle, hoping for a good win. No Nando!!  Hopefully we can rest him and score comfortably
Watching Logan's Run. My palm Flower has turn black. 
Watching LOTR's and greatly disappointed that Orlando is an elf with blonde hair. Just doesn't do it for me. 
Watching lots of doggies head in to the ER. 
Watching M do something completely dangerous is pussing me off. 
Watching made with @jessicavanbruss and chris! I want sunshine  this weather is depressing!
watching mall cop. txting. and it's super hot in my house 
watching mando diao live at rock am ring on telly. why can't i be there? 
Watching Mansons &quot;Arma-GodDamn-MotherF*cking-Geddon video once before going to bed. Super colitis sick tonight. 
watching marie antoinette and than house of wax ... waaah im alone at home  hate it to be alone in my house, its kinda scary
watching Marley &amp; Me.. AHHH im crying 
Watching Marley and Me... ugh. It gets sadder everytime. 
Watching MasterChef... It's just not the same without Kate... 
Watching Maury In The House Chillin... Getting Ready For Work 
watching Max Payne with my PNC..still recovering from knee and hip surgery 
Watching May'n and ä¸­å³¶æ„› lives since I'm all out of Macross Frontier stuff. Sheryl &amp; Ranka concert for 2010 AX please? 
watching me a @Ze3ky show on nick at night! Haha texting Qua about the bet he won 
Watching me some saturday night live after today i gotta record it cause i gotta be at work at 5 sundays 
watching meet theparents alone 
Watching Message in a Bottle - wish I had known it was a tear jerker 
Watching Michael get on that plane was by far one of the hardest things I have ever had to do. 
Watching Mike play Guitar Hero at the arcade on the pier. It's a total rip-off. He didn't even play Alice Cooper for me 
Watching MLG columbus Live, except theres no devlin this time 
watching moesha this show is so tight . i miss it 
Watching money making recipe. I'm dying at home 
Watching more bones.. this one is similar to the blair witch project. that movie made me want to cry.  ....true story
Watching more chick flicks...as if I need to be more down about my man being gone!  
Watching movies and being super lazy - supposed to hang out with my friend Cole but she's not answering 
watching movies and hating DC 
watching movies bored 
Watching movies trying to stay cool. Its still very hot out 
watching 'MSNBC - Children for Sale'...so sad 
watching MTV movie awards.. again just so I can fangirl/squee/melt when KB appears in the audience.  [/obsession]
Watching Mtv movie awards.. i missed the transformers clip! 
Watching MTV movie awards... Eminems performance not that amazing  I'm a lil disappointed..
Watching MTV, &amp; wishing I didn`t have school tomorrow 
Watching MTV... I'm home from school today because I'm sick... Very boring, my class is going to cinema today 
watching music videos, thinking of my girl, is it friday night yet? 
Watching My Bloody Valentine lol.. Unfortunately, not in 3-D 
Watching my dad do something to my car's oil that closely resembles someone bleeding out from the jugular. My baby! I can't look 
Watching my father cooking a fish. Kitchen has become a real mess.  I`m sure he`ll make me clean it.
Watching my fav show SNL, wish it was a new one, but hey they deserve a vacation also! Wish I was in NYC though 
Watching my favorite show in the whole united world....LAW AND ORDER SVU.... sad cus its the season finale 
watching my kids panic about the SAT tests and wishing i could take it for them. 
Watching my laptop go up in puffs of smoke. I guess it won't boot anylonger   Well, at least it didn't set my house on fire.
watching my little cousin...annoying as HELL! p.s. she says hi 
watching my nephew hang out in his light bed... 
watching my Penguins losing game 5..   
Watching My Sassy Girl, Kr Version. The US version is happy ending crap but I like drama so I liked it 
watching my talk shows.... but cant find Tyra... 
Watching my wittle sister graduate 
watching my-so called life... I wished life was like television 
watching Mythbusters, man I love that show, but I keep missing the new episodes 
Watching Nada Surf perform. Last day of IC events  www.howitends.tv
watching nancy grace coverage on caylee anthony.... it's so sad, how can someone hurt a little girl like that 
Watching Nascar race at Pocono.  Gonna watch NBA Finals later tonight--don't really have anyone I'm cheering for though.  
Watching nascar. Jg keeps falling further back. Almost getting lapped. He is getting old!!!  Like me 
Watching Natalie Holloway.  Worst headache ever. 
Watching NCIS with my ankle propped up... I hate old injuries when they flare up... 
watching news for the first time in 9 days. back to reality 
Watching Nikita with the roomie.  I'm gunna miss her 
Watching Notorious for the third time... I wish biggie was still around  (via @ddlovato)
Watching office and waiting for cuddle bump..midterm really wasn't terrible..i think i'll wait one more day on this job agency 
watching Office Space - realising it isn't so much comedy, but docudrama ABOUT MY LIFE  #fb
Watching old band vids and listening to old recordings 
Watching old episodes of &quot;The Sopranos&quot; makes me miss it so much.  #ONTD #ONTD #ONTD #ONTD #ONTD #ONTD #ONTD #ONTD #ONTD #ONTD #ONTD #ONTD
watching old europe videos 
Watching old home movies makes me sad  I want to go back.
Watching old home videos with my Grandma!! ? I miss my childhood 
Watching old videos. Lawd. Puff and Mase choreography, bright colors, crazy hair....where'd it all go 
Watching oltl i dont think starr and cloe r on  
Watching one last episode of Doctor Who before hitting the books. Not because I want to, but that's the last DVD I received via Netflix. 
watching one more episode of TRU BLOOD then going to bed.. up early for my internship 
Watching 'One Night With The King' man I miss working at the Family Christian Store 
Watching one of my favorite preachers/authors - @AndyStanley. Closest church in his network is 300 miles away  Thank God for TV/streaming
Watching One Tree Hill! My poor kitten has to get surgery 
watching one tree hill, but in on a nice sunny day 
watching Oprah and so shocked to learn about these huge amounts of garbage in our oceans 
watching oprah. it's sad.  i'll have to work with them when i'm a nurse and it's gonna be sad. 
watching out cold. should be doing homework  but feeling extra lazy.
watching P.S I Love You  this movie is sad!
watching Pearl Harbor--this movie gets me all the time 
watching people on blogtv.  *sun burnt*       ^been swimming for a long time^
Watching Pete devour my pretzels!!! 
Watching Philadelphia - it's so sad 
Watching Phoenix on @itsonalexa, regretting not getting a ticket before their LA show sold out 
watching Pinkpop makes me want to be at Lowlands again  cannot wait!
watching pokemon. WHERE IS EVERYONE 
Watching Pow Wow Highway with hubby.  Hard to imagine that the rez is really that bad even today.    So glad his mom got out.
Watching Prison Break !! Why do Prison break have to end this season? 
watching 'prom night'  ehh its sad so far 
Watching ps i love you...this movie is so sad 
watching psycho 2 before i go to bed. took a motrin but i doubt it will help  gonna code the night away. Twitter multi tasking is ok
Watching Pulp Fiction, just munched a chipper, and now i feel sick 
Watching Pushin Daisies.  Only 3episodes left. 
Watching Pushing Daisies  shame it is going to be cancelled
Watching R&amp;B singer TANK in concert. I'm a big fan..yet missed his Aussie tour weeks ago  http://bit.ly/VZk1Y
watching re runs of sex and the city!! Thinking should i really go to bed and get a good sleep! Do I really have to move apartments 
watching real world secrets revealed...almost cried when one of them was talking about their mom that died...  
Watching Reggie play the X-Box 360... 
Watching rehab, that show is so hard to understand 
Watching relationships being destroyed before my very eyes due to alcohol So sad 
watching rendition on HBO,,confusing about something unimportant,,why in this world there are a lot of people with their unmature thought 
Watching Ricky Rubio highlights is probably hazardous to my health. The kid will never be a Timberwolf 
Watching Road House but they cut out Patrick Swayze's butt. 
Watching robot chicken. I feel lame. I'm sad. I want something but idk what 
Watching Romeo Must Die...makes me miss Aaliyah  she was so beautiful
watching rove! Back to school tomorrow 
watching RPA - paranoid im going to get cancer and die 
watching rubbish on tv  :@ i only wanna watch my mcfly dvd stuped parents
watching run's house, feeling cozy..i don't wanna leave home 
Watching russell brand live before I sort out my taxi to work ughh  sadtimes. Although brand is a legend.
Watching Saint Seiya/è?–é—˜å£«æ˜ŸçŸ¢/Knights of the Zodiac, slept before Shia came on... 
Watching 'Salo' and feeling like a sicko 
Watching saw5 with @Daigoroh before he leaves to Md 
Watching scream, by myself 
Watching season finale of the hillsss  imma miss lauren and all her hairstyles that i always copy (..todays been a sad day.
Watching secret diary of a call girl - gave up on everything else I needed to do today oops 
watching secret life of bees really awesome film but Paul Bettany scares me in it! 
watching secret life with my twin. wishing Lil dubs was here too 
Watching Secret life. I wasn't expecting the sex thing with grace this soon. At least not the first epi of the season!!!  don't do it....
watching Selena. i love this movie, it still makes me cry at the end 
Watching Selena. She's about to get shot  hate that part
Watching Seven Pounds.. its.. umm.. well it's quite boring unfortunately 
Watching sex and the city and I can't sleep and gotta b up early in the AM 
Watching silverstone GP.... Can't believe it's the last time    Grrrr (with teeth showing) to Bernie
Watching Simpsons~! imho newer eps arent AS funny  and i like the old animations too. AHWELL, TIMES CHANGE, and it still makes fo lols ;)
watching sisterhood of the traveling pants 2 wishing I had someone here to hangout with 
Watching sitcoms with the cc on fucks them up  note to the one who insists on it,
watching sky 3.. sky1's cheap version.. wow this program is well sad 
Watching Sky Tells All videos...I think I have a problem. Help? 
Watching Slumdog Millionaire - omg - it breaks my heart to see these kids in those conditions -I'm sad, horrified, &amp; can't bear to watch 
Watching Smallville and I'm starting to lose interest in the show   Hmm... I wonder how there going to wrap up this season.
Watching smatt and bret sleep cuz i'm a bored creeper 
Watching Snakes on  a Plane.. my worst fear   ewwwww i hate snakes
Watching SNL!!! I'm sad it's the season finale    Bill Hader and Andy Samberg are the shizzzz. Plus, Will Farrel and Green Day, Cha Ching!
Watching snow fall in Winchester in April!  
Watching so you think I can dance &amp; missing my boo! I wish he was able to sleep with me tonight. Anyways hop he'll be safe at work. 
Watching So You Think You Can Dance starts to make me think that everyone can move beautifully. And then I try. 
watching soccer... my home team is in a very good mood today but now the score is 1:2...    but I know they will win this game!!!
watching software install for the day&lt;fun  
Watching some chick flicks, something about Jane Austin books and philosophical approach to relationships..something. Too cold for beach 
watching some tv and relaxing before work tonight 
Watching some tv. Then busy early tomorrow. 
Watching something on Food Network with Corey. Whatever shall I do until Thursday? 
Watching Sonny With A Chance for the first time ever.. Btw, i just love when everyone stops texting me at the same time 
Watching Sopranos series 1 again, and getting ready for a BBQ.  Looks like the weather is turning now though 
Watching Spain - South Africa..... damn vuvuzela's 
watching spongebob and playing with my phone not really in a good mood 
watching spongebob and wishing she had Charlie back!!!  
Watching sports on Action News won't be the same. RIP Gary Papa. 
watching state of origin, go queensland! 
Watching Step Up makes me miss dancing. Ugh...why did I stop? 
Watching stick it with abbz!! Not wanting to work tomorrow 
watching super junior eat is making me even more hungry! 
Watching Super Junior Specail stage at SBS Inkigayo. Really awesomeeeeeeeee. I cant belive that I cant see them anymore  waiting...
Watching Superman Returns! Intense! &amp;&amp; Kind Of Regretting Not Keeping Up With Superman! 
Watching Surface as I get ready! This show NEEDS to come back! 
Watching Surya s/o Krishnan now... Too tired to go out now...!! All blame to the stupid trek..!! 
Watching SWAC.. omggg i really wanna be in @ddlovato 's music video. ahh  fhdskghakgahak !! 
Watching SYTYCD - It sucks that My Three Fav Couples are in the bottom 3 
watching sytycd results show once i'm back from gym. oh dear i'm slow 
watching sytycd... i wonder whose going tonight!   i love them all!
watching t.v wit my daughter.....    she's gettin older and older tears
watching taken anyone seen it? Just burnt my mouth on coffee 
watching teen cribs makes me super jealous 
watching tele, went to the dentist 
watching television, i hate my phone 
watching thank god you're here wishing my head would get better. please get better! i hate feeling like this 
watching that 70's show..i think im actually suffering with insomnia now..i want to go to sleep 
watching that Steve-o documentary. holy shit it's insane 
watching thats so raven!!! cant really sleep!!! 
watching the @jonasbrothers live chat from may 28th now xD missed it on facebook 
watching the 2nd to last episode of Pushing Daisies....  another man from a show that makes heart jump...is leaving.
Watching the Air France events unfold - never a good time to be working in an airline 
watching the angels game. just saw hunter get hurt 
watching the apprentice !! x i think kate hasnt won  x
Watching the athletics on tv, it's making me feel so unfit!!! 
Watching the Bachelorette. I miss last night. 
Watching the beginning of the end of &quot;Pushing Daisies&quot;. 
Watching the Bernie Mac show. Aww he was so funny R.I.P Bernie Mac  http://myloc.me/22zF
watching the biggest loser on hallmark..urgh i really don't have the mood to study 
Watching the boro match, really hope the win  my laptops broken 
Watching the boy today. So tired. Cant sleep. Clowns will eat me 
Watching 'The Breakfast Club' and missing/thinking about Katie&lt;3   xoxo
Watching The Bucket List, this film makes me miss melissa like loads  cant wait for tommorow :] cuddle time.
Watching the Bucket List. I have a feeling I'm gonna cry 
Watching the Canucks vs blackhawks game @ elephant &amp; castle pub. I'm on a no beer diet  http://twitpic.com/4wa1v
watching the cardinals lose to the mets 
Watching the Cavs getting their A$$ handed to them... 
watching the Chapelle show and DMX is on here. I really miss him. 
Watching The Color Purple and crying  such a powerful movie!
Watching The Da Vinci Code all by myself... 
watching the da vinci code alone  @ my appartment
Watching the da Vinci code! scary 
watching the dark knight with gram.. i miss my accountant babe 
watching the DC news. This DC crash on the Metro is awful.  Prayers to the victims &amp; families. #redline #dcmetro
Watching the debate, oh how can I tell that I miss debating so much 
watching the end of marie antoinette. so sad 
Watching the episode of one tree hill when its the day after Q dies, crying 
Watching the f1 Friday practice, poor BMW with more problems 
watching the F1..jensonn! Missing my boo 
watching the FA cup final, last match before the summer layoff of only US sports 
Watching the family that preys... Boring so far 
watching the fifth element now. still haven't had breakfast... can't get up my head feels really heavy... 
Watching the final episode of &quot;Las Tontas No Van al Cielo&quot; so sad  Oh, well... On to the next novela!
Watching the final episode of Pushing Daisies.  Sad sad day 
Watching the first Conan on Hulu, I had to work last night 
Watching the first transformers with @jenmynig. Yeah, total loser..still haven't seen it haha. I'm sad. I forgot my ice pack at work 
Watching the game but really not in the mood  http://ff.im/3HHUZ
watching the game its not going to well 
watching the game they're losing 
Watching the game. COME on lebron 
Watching the game. I miss watching with my buddies. Havent talked to Bryan all day. 
Watching the Giro wishing I had a pink Giro hat right now  I'd rock it all day on this mothers day !
Watching The Great Debaters...she fell asleep on me 
Watching the green mile. Sad movie. 
Watching the harry potter marathon. Doing laundry. Head POUNDING. 
Watching the headlines for any new info about the Air France crash 
watching The Hills @LaurenConrad this is funny and greaaaat! yet sad. Idk if Ill watch any more without LC 
watching the hills and trying to seriously revise for exams 
Watching the Hills finale! Day off tomorrow and I still have to be awake by 7  Burn is finally feeling better!
Watching the hills finally I love Lauren Conrad!! Ill admit I have tears I can't believe she's leaving the hills will suck without her!  
watching the Hills now. sad face because these muthafuckas playing w/ my check  and i need to pay my babysitters
Watching the hills season finale  and so sad Alabama softball got beat on the last out of the game fromna walk off grand slam.
watching the Hills season finale  sad gonna miss LAUREN CONRAD! but excited to watch the MTV Movie Awards ANDY SAMBERG&lt;3
Watching The Hills season finale. It's Lauren Conrad's last episode ever  At least there will be another season...
Watching The Hills, Stacie is such a bitch!! 
watching the hills. Such a cloudy day. 
watching the hills. will miss @laurenconrad. never liked kristen, so last ep.  but chick deserves a life outside of mtv. bittersweet. :|
Watching the hills.. I don't want @LaurenConrad to leave! 
watching the history channel... wishing I was with kev or liece 
watching the husband getting Wiifit!  Poor Beckett having a hard time with weaning from the swaddle! 
Watching the Indians play the Brewers. DeRo should totally still be playing for the Cubs 
Watching the Iran tweets with concern. 
Watching the Jimmy Fallon show. Can't sleep 
watching the kids and hopefully getting some sun with them in the pool a little later  Yay for summer finally!
Watching the Killers on JR. They are awesome. Too late though. They just cut the programme mid song. Twas my favourite too. 
Watching the laker game...All by myself 
Watching the lame-o MTV awards. 
watching the last 2 episodes of the l-word. hate to say goodbye to a series 
Watching the last ep. of Cowboy Bebop on Adult Swim...why do they have to kill Spike? 
watching the last ep. of the hills. 
Watching the last episode ever of &quot;Friends&quot; always makes me tear up 
Watching the last episode of Fringe. I need season 2... NOWWWW 
Watching the last episode of Jay Leno 
Watching the last episode of Obsession, but finding it too scarey !! 
watching the last episode of the hills with lauren 
watching the last episode of the last season of #StargateSG1 
watching the last few episodes of Moonlight.. another series I'm almost finished watching ... just wish the series didn't end 
Watching the last five eps of fosters home for imaginary friends. 
Watching the last Jay hosted Tonight Show. I'm gonna cry for sure when all is said and done 
Watching the last jay leno tonight show... Aww 
Watching the last Leno  So glad I got to go once!
watching the last Leno episode 
Watching the last of Leno   Conan will never rival his wit, charm, and hair.
watching the last Tonight Show ever 
Watching the last Tonight Show w/ Leno. It's sad.  Conan had better not disappoint us.
Watching the last Tonight's Show with Jay Leno hosting. Im going to miss watching him 
Watching The Last Unicorn! I'm still sick  I need chicken soup
Watching the last-ever Pushing Daisies 
Watching the lightening from the new balcony. So beautiful. A bit lonely though 
watching The Lion King w/ 4 children of which 2 are sick 
watching the lions being chased all round the pitch by the boks 
Watching the listener on NBC. One of the summer filler shows. I miss The Office and 30 Rock 
watching the live chat on june,4 q me lo perdi! 
watching the logies.  gotta work tomorrow.  
Watching the luggage loaders load the plane, it looks like they did a wrestling move on my guitar  maybe I should roll the window shade up
Watching the Magic about to lose 
Watching the Magic game....wish they would kick it up a knotch! DH had to go to work....   so sad...hope things are okay for him!
watching the most disturbing movie ever, 2001 maniacs. it's horrible, but i can't stop watching. 
watching the MTV awards again -.- soooo bored 
watching the MTV movie awards online that i missed last night, and doing pyschology outlines  can't wait for my test to be over with wed.!
watching the nation i love fall apart 
watching the new daisy of love...i miss cage 
Watching the news about the scrubbed space shuttle project. It sucks, @so_sirius 
watching the news for the first time since Obama's inauguration XD boo prop 8 
watching the news, so sad about that baby killed and dumped in lake lewisville 
Watching the notebook great movie 
watching the numbers go down as im typing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i ran out of numbers 
Watching The Office. Is it me or is it not as funny as it used to be? 
Watching the parade from home  But Loving all the highlights from the season! I LOVE THE LAKERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Watching The Parent Trap w/Lohan. RIP Natasha Richardson  Y didn't some1 tell LL her accent wasn't it. I knw she was a kid, but still. . .
Watching the Penguins game well sitting at work...so far not so good Penguins are down 2-0 and the first period just started 
Watching the play atm. Veryvery nippy noodles 
watching the proposal actually. i think i have strept throat omg!  my tonsils have pus on them hah
watching the race has me wanting to go back to Shanghai 
Watching the rain 
watching the rain and reminiscing about the time when everytime it rained I was with the love of my life.  
Watching the rain come down again 
Watching the rain drip on my very own window grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr sun where have you gone 
Watching the Rosas turnover videoo.  :-jjj I found the video in my files. )
Watching the Sacramento Rivercats lose badly to the Colorado Springs Sky Sox 
Watching the Scrubs Finale made me think of one thing: Its going to be fucking difficult to say bye to everyone in a months time 
Watching the Scrubs finale. 
Watching the season finale of The Hills, byeeee LC 
watching the season finale of The Hills. Lauren you will be missed 
Watching the secret life and it stopped working 
Watching the siblings. Pretty soon im going to clean my room 
Watching the Silverstone Grand Prix, The Brits are quite dissapointing at the moment  Early pit stops have started so who knows!
Watching the Simpsons even though I wanna watch 40 yr old virgin 
watching the sorealcru tv makes me wish i went to body rock even more. 
Watching the Sox...we don't deserve this game. We keep screwing up. 
Watching the special features disc of twilight... it won't end!! I want to go to sleep but I don't want to stop it in the middle... 
Watching the Stanley Cup WITHOUT @LookitsDylan  oh well, red wings are gonna kick his penguins butts!
Watching the tender hearted hostess at Westend Bistro try to save a dying baby bird 
watching the tinkerbell movie  i feel gayyyyy
Watching the titanic  I miss my pretty boyfriend so much. http://myloc.me/2Soh
watching the tivo'd survivor from last week....sad that tyson is gone  he was hilarious
watching 'the tonight show with Conan O'Brien'. Sad that he won't be ringing in the Central Time Zone New Year anymore 
Watching the Tony Award really make me miss home, more so than I already am 
Watching the Unborn. I'm a lonely person so I'm watching it alone   anyone wanna join? Please?
watching the uninvited ... ahhhh 
Watching 'the uninvited'. scary as hell man! Hahaha! Hellllllla sick  &amp;fucking ppl won't stfu!
watching the very last episode of the hills. so sad it is going to be over 
Watching The Visitor w/ the family. &amp; feeling the full pain of dialup internet. 
Watching the Weather Channel, Tweeting and reading my FB. What a dull Sunday evening. BTW it's going to rain all week AGAIN 
Watching the weather reports  we are in severe weather watch until 8 AM EST could get violent. Hope it blows over the other way...  
Watching The Wedding Singer. Making me miss my boyfriend real bad 
Watching the wedding singer.... and watching my favorite part of the movie.. when Robbie sings I Wanna Grow Old With You.. 
Watching the weeks worth of All My Children and General Hospital...R.I.P. Stuart Chandler 
watching the west wing on bravo, La Salle is closed on Fridays for the summer so i have nothing to do. even the gym is closed 
Watching The Wrestler, in hopes of finishing in time for Jay Leno's Tonight Show finale! I cannot eat popcorn, it's killing my gums. 
Watching this banging ass movie that i cant spell 
Watching this basketball game with edgar n wondering if emily is sick or not  deeto
watching this fatty girl video and I'm like...I'm very disturbed watching ll cool j with that lolli pop 
Watching this new Wedding Day Show on TNT thanks to DVR. Oh crap, I'm going to cry!  I'm such a sap.
Watching tinkerbell with the babys...only shes not a babys anymore 
Watching Tiny toons. I have work today.  I have to get up @ 6 to be in Harlem. I don't wanna go  I can't sleep. Ugh!
Watching Titanic 
Watching titanic ...so sad  hah
watching titanic just makes me want to talk to him even more  lucky ass stephanie that gets to go to brazil.
watching titanic with madi and grant. madi hates on the twitterverse 
watching Titanic. i can't imagine being those people 
watching titanic...i hate watching this movie because its just so depressing 
Watching Titanic; sunburned like no other  but the show/baseball games were fun
watching TNA again, fell asleep last time 
watching to catch a predator &amp; waiting on dinner. im hungry! 
Watching Today Show- Air France disaster. 
Watching Today. . . Can you believe it's one year since the casey anthony case already?? 
Watching Tonight's the Night on iplayer.....I should have been on it 
watching top chef..wishing i could cook like them....  oh so sad!!
watching tori and dean.....&amp;wishiiiiing I had my puppies 
Watching toy story. I miss my brother. 
Watching Transformer. Not Revenge, it's the first one. Ummm...is it interesting??!  Hope it'll be better!
Watching trials videos a) makes me feel all giddy and b) makes me feel rubbish at trials myself 
Watching Tribe Report...Can my boys come back and play?? 
Watching True Life! haha. But deffinately missing someone! 
Watching Tuck Everlasting with @Emopenguin and Jessie . I love them and this movie but it makes me cry 
watching TV , i want my friends, but they are on vocation  i want go to shopping with mandy, demi let's go to the shopping ? whoo ho *oo*
watching tv ... sucks being ill  want to get out !!
watching tv and doing hw cause we have school tomorrow  , brothers soccer tournament later, maybe
watching tv and eating, what ive done all day  i wanna go outtt ! and still not getting the hang of the twitter thing
watching tv and feeling a little under the weather  making some tea too
watching TV and hopefully sleeping soon... gotta work really early 
watching tv and i'm bored 
Watching Tv And Rarther Bored TBH 
watching tv and relaxing. but charlie has to go to work at 5pm 
watching tv gets boring sometimes 
watching TV its so boring today, well what do you expect its sunday today. Got nothing to do  BORING!
watching tv nothing on 
Watching tv relaxing, missing my friends 
watching tv there is no good shows in the morning 
Watching TV till bed then work whoo hoo! 
watching tv via livestream; my tvcard has a problem reinstalling. 
Watching tv with fam, dreary boring day in central PA.  
watching tv with paula! I dont want her to leavve 
watching tv wth my mother, tomorrow is my LAST day of hs  but im so ready to graduate and for senior week!
watching TV, but I am bored!!! 
watching tv, eating food. @etothemilie is my BEST FRIEND and always will be, but i dont think she gets that 
Watching tv, nothings on 
watching tv. i ate to much popcorn 
watching tv. Not very interesting 
Watching TV. Serious acid stomach. 2 slugs of pepto, 5 Tums, no relief! 
Watching tv. Thinking i might go to bed soon. I've gotta get up early in the morning. 
Watching TV. What a boring day 
Watching TV.... Just it to do.. 
Watching twilight at the cabin...kayte's dogs keep fighting &gt;.&lt; and my back hurts 
Watching twilight, Still think Slumdog should've gotten an Award 
Watching TZP makes me wanna go home to Mummy and Papa! 
Watching 'Up' in 3D. The glasses aren't red and blue anymore. 
Watching UP.  awww.. @rcilaga is watching too but different time. 
Watching uppppppp! But no 3d 
Watching V for Vendetta in WB. I think u need a MBA dude to translate half of what &quot;V&quot; is saying 
watching VG Topp 20-lista, I can't be there 
Watching videos from peru i miss these boys 
watching videos in youtube cause iam that bored  lol
Watching Wakefield videos and making fun of Aaron.  Sorry RyRy!  Ahhh, good times.  COLDSTONE!  Miss you guys like crazy 
Watching Wall-E for the first time and it's so heartbreaking 
Watching WALL-E.....it's so cute but sad 
Watching 'what happens in Vegas' with my mum and wishing I was out there with all my mates that are out there   Simeon
Watching What I Like About You. Kristina's birthday party is today. I don't feel good though. 
watching what not to wear....... really really bored.... 
watching what women want. just cried a little 
Watching what's going on in Tehran on fox news 
watching 'what's love gotta do with it' &amp; still annoyed by selfish ppl today.  anyway looking fwd to LA and saying hi to @edmoss81 missuuu
Watching Where the Heart is. Family is off to Maryland and I'm sad 
Watching white chicks. No one to laugh with. I miss you, loser buddy. 
Watching wild thornberrys then bed. I have strep 
Watching Wildlife SOS. Sometimes it breaks my heart. Everytime they put an animal to sleep I cry like a baby 
Watching WIS through antenna. No cable yet. I'll sure miss you in the future, rabbit ears 
watching wow wow wubzy with logan, and then saying goodbye to shandi  im going to mis her
Watching WWE Vintage with the boy's did these dudes not know about back shaving 
Watching X-Men; The Last Stand &amp; eating some left over Carrot cake!! Mmm, Yumm..  -- Where art thou Aaron?  Lol..
watching your children grow up is so hard. 
watching youtube clips of the Marillion Weekend (Montreal) and still getting a wee choked up by certain moments...   Time for more coffee.
watching zac efron waking you up before heading out to church   i HATE going to church. school tomorrow
Watching/listening to the live webcast of New Wave City from DNA Lounge in SF. Wish I was there. 
Watching: may'n Act Live DVD (by POPGO, no sub  )
watchn Billy Connoly  ... fookkin genius!! scotland is currently having a HEATWAVE! room like an oven 
Watchn the laker game alone at the house  someone come post up with me
watchn westlife at croke park!! missn them boys so much    tht concert is one il never forget x
Watchout theres ghosts tonight, and then work tomorow 
water balloons are not fun 
Water in the basement... No news yet... Makes for a pretty crappy day....   Could be worse, I guess...
Water never tasted so good...so sore 
Water problem at apartment in bangalore, eventhough its raining... Now tats wierd 
watered the lawn about and hour ago, it is now raining, discovered that watering the lawn flooded part of the basement 
Water-Melly is pretty much CLUE LESS. 
Waterstones in Derby no longer sells computer books  they used to have a good selection
Watery eyes? Check.  Sore throat? Check. Sinus Pressure? Check. Headache? Check.  You win this round allergies. 
Watery OJ, an overfried chicken biscuit damn u mcdonalds at least kenni enjoyed her parfait shoulda got that 
wathcing the final few episodes of Prison break.....sadly i know the end already 
Wathing so you think you can dance with a tummy ache and a head ache.. I think the antibiotics are too strong.. 
wating on clairey fairy to pick me up for work. missing ashleigh so much  &lt;3
Wat's everyone doing im sittin on my couch lisnen to music bored as hell and my tatto itch 
wats gd twitter?? iStill cant believe Diversity won BGT Flawless shoulda won 
wats the scandal with @peterfacinelli ?? why the fluctuation in numbers? im beginning to think its a lost cause 
WATS THE SENSE OF ALL THIS MONEY IF I AINT GOT THAT SPECIAL ONE TO SPEND IT WITH.... 
wats to do something new! 
wats up yall busy 2day lizzie off 2 michigan fer da week no 1  2 talk 2  
wats wid these post lunch hours .. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  .....  
wave would trend higher that bing 
waved my daughter off for her school trip this mornin and i am missin her already. she doesn't come back until friday  xx
waved off her brother and niece at T4 LHR today 
Waves good morning to her special friends xx hope you have sunshine cause we sure dont been raining 3 days  back to  work for me
Waving goodbye to my city 
wawa got nothin. Tired with people in my bed.  B.I.E.H;
WAWW ! GREAT . Its good job. I love my friends . You have to use my laptop till its breathes for the last breath. Got ol with phone 
waxing - check ;) i hate seeing unwated people around. smh 
Waxing Appt., Cleaning w/ Mary, AND premiere of The Hangover. My day is suppose to start @ 7 &amp; Im not even prepared .. No sleep for me 
Waxing legs = painful  my legs are red now lol 
Way 2 go heather, over slept 2day. Should've been at work 30 min ago! Ugh. ... I,m so disappointed in myself.  
Way bummed that I don't get to rock my inner parrothead today with all my friends  Have a margarita for me!
way exhausted. dont wanna go to summer school anymore 
Way tired  
WAy tired =[ Needa start revisin...but its sucha pretty day 
way tired, prac report still to gooo 
Way to early in the morning to be boarding a flight. Especially when this is the start of 9 hours of travel today  Seattle here I come.
way to early to be up. but i could not sleep. to hot, and missed babe to much. tossed and turned all night. 
Way to full 
Way to go #Braves!  Last 4 seasons:  June comes and they fall apart. 
Way to go cleveland  there goes my excitement argh go magic &gt;
way to go internet for shunning me...@ bobbys (without bobby)   using the internet
way to go lakers! only 2 more to go...kinda sad there are only 2 games left this season...hate to see it go 
Way to lazy to answer messages and requests on deviant!  Or Upload! 
way to not wait for me at my locker nd then just pass me in the hall nd not say anything 
Way to sick to be out at a party 
way to the gym now... waaaaayyyyy toooooo early for me 
way TOO full. 
Way too hot to be a doggy today 
Way too late to be at work on a Friday 
Way too many @tay528. More than 5 at least.  /cry
way too many reports and meetings for one day...  off into another meeting
Way too nice to be stuck in an office today! 
Way too sleepy nowadays, I don't know why. And I have to decorate a quote using the computer! I NEED HELP 
way too tired for work right now 
Wayyy too early and wayyyy too cold 
Wayyyy too late for me! I'm waiting for something to finish downloading and it's taking forever. I just want to go to bed 
WCF services dying for no apparent reason. 
wdf disz mofo british weather pissin me off man...no more freakin sun mane..!  
We about to take off. Anxious again. Wish me a safe flight. From this point on tweeting will be sparatic. I pod touch awsome dead battrey 
we actually did a 3 day trip; covering around 80 kms a day. But to plan one in May is a bad idea; you get tired real fast 
We actually had 2 summer houses, Bromarv and the other one, but we have to sell both, 'cuz they belonged to my grandparents.. so 
We actually have milestones due for 3 high profile projects in the next 2 weeks, &amp; they are all scheduled when I am on vacation -  
we all dream about finding the right one, for me it's still a dream!! 
We almost  ran over a dog on the freeway today...poor thing hope its safe 
we already have a project in history! damn it.. its just 3rd week of the school year.. 
We also went to see Brokeback Mountain which totally SUCKED!!!
we always hurt the the ones we never loved. early night. bio&amp;french in the morning. 
We always say a heart is not whole without the one who gets you through the storm 
We apologize for the lack of background image, folks. #twitter is giving us the infamous fail whale. 
We are 15 in queue @ work. Thanks, Palm Pre. 
We are all quite sad that it is Amy's last day to day -  But we wish her all well in her new venture and hope she comes to make us tea!
We are all up and having breakfast...raining again   We are supposed to see the sun this afternoon.  I could use a walk.
We are all waiting outside our house for the van, but the van is not here, we are all late for our briefing now 
We are at Wright's Dairy Farm...  I REALLY want coffee milk! 
we are back to our normal rain today... 
We are both gradually preparing for the upcoming season (despite fresh snow overnight!) &quot;I can't believe it&quot;  I am DEF staying in today! 
We are broken, it's the end... 
We Are Busy As Hell.....Somebody HELP Me! 
We are checking out and on our way home  I am rwady to be home!
We are coming to Family Camp! The down side is we do not get to camp 
We are driving to atlanta!! We are in our van! Have not rolled in this van in years! So many memories! Kinda miss it! 
We are getting careless, stupid mistakes. I hate awful deadlines like this  never going to finish this file!!
We are getting ready to leave. 
We are going to get a new iphone on Friday, I have been warned that I will be in BIG trouble if I think it's a new toy for me 
We are going to neuter Marley. He is too agggressive with intact dogs and with our other lab (neutered). Hopefully, that will help. 
We are going to see Flamenco Dance &quot;Fire &amp; Sand&quot; Tatiana Garrido, 9:00 PM  Dar Al-Assad Opera House, Damascus, but I can't take my camera 
We are having technical difficulties with our rental truck. We used the side door briefly but now it won't close 
we are having trouble getting to talkshoe tonight for the show 
We are leaving tomorow  #DSAA09
We are losing our local co-ordinator who has done a fine job. Thanks Alice. Sorry to see you go 
We are losing pretty badly 
we are Marshall bylo fajn, davam 80%....prekvapive slusnej byl McConaughy....naopak Matthew Fox je v prdeli  
we are missing our little Emily's party. 
we are not having the team dinner tonight because of a meeting 
We are off to New York. Left at about 5:30. This is so depressing.  How's the weather up there?
We are on the slowest train ever, it stops everywhere. Missed a quick train by a few minutes 
We are only on for another 40 mins!  dumbass twitter
we are running late now!!  oh well.
We are so behind other countries, only got to see TWILIGHT in April so when am I going to see NEW MOON???? Next year??????  thats sad
We are so gonna get bad seats at this movie. It started 4 min ago 
We are so very sorry every one, we are real and not an autobot 
We are sooooo late w/ our #FollowFriday!   So sorry!
We are still in Flagstaff, Az. They say monday the truck will be fixed 
we are sucking big time. 
We are supposed to have field day at school todayy but the high is only 78 and rainy 
we are the same, @fitriastarie me soo sleeeeeeeepyy 
We are unable to decide where to pray Juma Prayer due to Bomb blast Terror  ALLAH Save Us..
We are up and Marcos isn't hear to wish him a Happy Father's day.  waiting for 4 hours to pass by... Working on Father's Day is no fun.
We aren't even home yet and I already miss my mystery cutie and my bean boy 
we belong together, for eternity 
we both worked our 4yr anni on Satnight!  @moonfryeJust went on a date with my hubbie. Very nice to have some grown up time.
We bought a pool instead of going to California. Now the pool is broken and we have wasted our vacation money for the next 2-3 years. 
We broke our first glass out of the set... 
we build our castle in the sky &amp; in the sand. back from ibiza &amp; sick 
We can participate in a &quot;Biggest Loser Team at work and NO ONE asked me to join   -So I am &quot;Team SlimPossible&quot; a team of one!!! take that!
We cannot revive him......  
we can't figure out what kind of puppy to get  #fb
we can't set it up because there's a mild rain outside. boo 
we caught a fish a while ago! i named it pisheee! then we set it free.  in memory of pishee. ; 3 ;
We checked in the code for Mass Transit but it isn't actually working  #openspacecode
we could be living 1 block from mccarren park if jon was a team player!! 
We delted the Account we have together 
We didn't do stickam tonight 
We didn't even do anything on friday, so what the hell do I put in the log book 
we didnt get to eat durian 
We didn't get to finish tonight because people couldn't stop beating each other up. 
We didn't plan well, and missed bay to breakers this year   I also want to do the great urban race next year: http://tr.im/lAOU
We didn't win any money  Emma says WTF Winstar?! http://twitpic.com/6teh7
we dont like when mommy has to work 
we dont talk like we used to 
We dropped the ball on not dressing thematically 
we drove around, searched the woods..didn't find the dog.  got that dog when she was just a baby. She's very sweet.
We drove past some cattle trucks and the cute cows were sticking their sad faces out the air holes. No cheeseburgers for me. 
we found a newborn baby bird still pink and no signs of feathers.. Under my grandmas car  i dont know if he will make it overnight
We found a place to live! In Chinatown! But we don't move until late August. 
We gambled with the market today and lost.  Oh well!
we get one nice day then the rain comes again 
We got a phone call this morning that I really didn't want to get. Jon's mom passed away this morning 
we got here early, too early  (at hynes convention center) http://bit.ly/sU0mn
We got kicked off Venice beach for filming #teamftsk episode 2 without a producers permit 30 seconds b4 we wrapped. Might delay release 
We got no where 
We got to speak to @Stef for the first time today and all I did was tell him all the stressful stuff. What a complete waste 
We had a great bash last night! No BBQ  But everybody was there and the place was oooozing with STYLE, ha! Now time for a chilling Sunday!
We had a great time at the waterpark.  The girls did get sunburned though.  
We had a major wardrobe malfunction today. Hanging rail broke. Clothes everywhere 
we had a quiz I only got 17/25. A bunch of sketches but it got wet!  the serpentina pattern is stress haha
we had all our bacon for dinner last night  #blacksquadron
We had an argument. But when he kisses me... Fuckin... nothing else matters. Oh boy. gotta go back home. im sad without my love 
We had ants. They are now dead. But boy I hate Scent o' Raid. 
we had one of our best friends bday yesterday that was planned months ago and he didnt show up without any sign of life since monday!! 
We had some load issues due to Lifehacker article  We are back up and responsive now.  Sorry for any of the issues.
we had such a great 4 day (fire dept. talk) that it I miss him extra today  awww, puke.  rite? lol
we had to get rid of one of the kittens today 
We had to know the bones in the skeletal system for our presentation on Monday!!! 
We had to leave him at the vet  they don't know exactly what is wrong. I hope he will be okay. *tear* I love him!
We had to put Shelby Cobra down today    I am very, very sad.
we HAD to start using #clothdiapers because our daughter was highly allergic to the chemicals in disposables - her bottom bled 
We had to translate a text about walt disney in the exams. I didn't know whether to translate mickey mouse to german as well or not 
we have  many many works 
we have a new dog in my house, a boston terrier. My shih tzu is very afraid of this puppy. What am I to do? 
We have a problem guys I have videos from yesterday but they have no sound 
We have a sturdy fence protecting the chickens, and 18&quot; slabs all the way round. Wasn't allowed guard towers with little plastic Nazis 
We have a sub in spanish again. 
We have been on waitlist since my son was 18 months - waited 3 years already and have only moved 100 spots on waitlist! We are 109 now 
we have fil tomorrow  mrs espada come sooner/ms galvez COME BACK HAHAHA i don't want to listen about povedans becoming artistas please :|
We have finally succumbed to the heat and turned on the AC.  96 today, and 102 expected tomorrow....  
We have got to move this weekend, this apt is officially hotel for dogs. Closed Sugar's leg in the door &amp; Cinco almost ran a lady over. 
We have kinda of rain cover spots..... I found a broken umbrella 2 use while I hide in a dry spot.... its not really helping, im soaked! 
we have like 45 mins of sitting here  blah
We have lots of beta testers for iTweetReply! Thanks, everyone! Sorry, but we have too many, and some of you missed out 
we have NO food in the house  apart from a box of chocolate rolls, so im eating those till my mum comes back from shopping
We have school today and im very not happy about that.  but its okay because i have a lunchable
We have the wet stuff this morning and has me in side for the time being  .hope mother nature gets her ACT togother  soon 
We have to buy goggles for our German Shepard because he has some rare eye disease that could make him go blind. Poor Fletcher!   
We have to do homework is boring    ... I love you Miley!!  
We have withdrawn the Spice range of products until further notice. The NZ government wrongly believes the product range is illegal 
We haven't even been in the car for an hour and my mom's already crying. Halp. 
We heard back from the sellers, they rejected our offer because they want to close in 30 days and won't wait for FHA (45 days) 
we hit a taxi.  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/p5bcp
We hope everyone is taking advantage of this awesome long weekend! Looks like Calgary's weather isn't going to cooperate on this last day 
We it's so hott. And no one will buy me ice cream.  I'm gonna put the fan on and read or something!
We just cancelled our Second Life session due to techie issues - not voice, all thrown out - all sorts of problems  It is the first time!
We just couldn't deal with the catfights, and keeping all ours separated from him much longer. Our furbabehs were not happy.. 
we just crashed with the car... 
We just cycled to Peters Fish Market for fish and chips. I fell off my bike on the way 
We just finished Fri13p5...Merisue Vorhees where are you now? Part6 next...also, disappointed no Mewes or Mosier @ Carnegie Hall 2nite 
We just got caught riding dirty !  fuckkk the police !
We just had a bad rain storm and my basement is flooded. 
We just had a bet on who wrote &quot;every rose has it's thorn&quot; - g'nr or poison. I lost 
we just had the culmination activity for the summer classes. I'm so going to miss the kids.  and I can't believe I'm going back to school.
we just have more 1 hour for tweet  and then..1 hour without twitter :/
We just hit a bird 
We just hit a bunny  #fb
We just leave gabolito at his other home... I all ready miss him  ... Going to eat icescream ;D...
We just left the social and already I'm missing people. @jazonvinyl, I don't believe I said goodbyeto you 
We just passed fat baby's catfish house  I'll miss you delicious ribs and okra
We just sold our old house!  And subsequently received a notice of the new mortgage rate on it: 3.25%... 
We just watched a show bout spiders and Iook up and a fuckin spider is on my wall....I'm terrified of spiders 
We leave today. Late. 
We left 32 degrees for grey and chilly. I don't hate Dublin or anything but can we please just have nicer summers 
We let the wannabe Hitler in. Shame on us North West. 
We listenin to foreign exchange and I tell her its phonte from little brother and she say &quot;I aint kno he was a singin ass nigga&quot; 
We live in a fucked up world! I really am so naive! I always try to see that good in ppl but ppl r just fuckin evil by nature 
We live in an apartment with no place outside to put them, sadly  #clothdiapers
we losed... 
We lost   Bad coaching, so hopefully flag in the fall will be much better!  Sun burnt and lovin Ohio weather right now.
We lost   Essendon Boys still played well though.
we lost   waahhhhh  great match tho!
we lost  @Jonasbrothers srry kev i tried getting #KevinJonas to 1 for #KevinJonas day and so did many others but stupid twitter grrr!
We lost  but nevermind.. It's only a battle, not the war, and it was a really nice game..  I had a great time!
We lost  they were meanies. But we are still pretty;)
We lost 5 to 10.  one more chance to go to the world series if the bullets play in a tournament next weekend.
We lost again at G Arena..   I'll play again later &quot;
we lost hockey 3-0. 
we lost in softball............  10-3    
we lost the film festival 
We lost today  1-3 a triple n walk
we lost! rubbish 
We lost.  in a shootout, but amazing game!!!
we love the rain in Tucson but that means we can't see the planets tonight 
we love you bro ceci! well never forget you. 
WE LOVE YOU Bro. Ceci! We will surely miss you!  please take a picture for me of GOD with you 
we made a human pyramid again... only this time they left me out... 
We made it home savely now im in class   *SUPA STAR*
we made it just in time for another thunderstorm  
we may have lost the battle, but not the war 
We may well have evolved brains that are not suited to understanding evolution. Bummer  #bhadhs
We Meerkats cannot suggest insurance or be kept nicely as pets  http://www.petmeerkats.com/  Rain make us bored too ;)
We met online, fell in love &amp; I made one excuse after another not to meet. I lied about EVERYTHING except loving him. I miss him so much. 
WE might not be able to go to treego cuz it is going to rian 
we miss our students...Janet is out of the office for a week 
we miss the jonas brothers in L.A. please come bakc ;( 
