is not always making fun of jews. 
Is not as in love with her art project as she should be 
is not at all excited about packing (all over again) and putting up at someone else's place. 
is not at glasto 
is not at the Mermaid Parade 
is not at work anymore.  &lt;---- alarmingly fitting emoticon, wtf-ers...
Is not being productive for the fifteen hours 
is not doin much at da moment  no-one seems to talk to me on msn  waa its raining  (what a supprise....) x
is not doing anything fun on this awesome saturday night.... 
is not doing good today... 
is not eligible for an iPhone 3G S upgrade until December  Boo hoo... maybe there will be a slight upgrade by then? *cry*
is not enjoying spending Sunday evening working on a presentation 
is not enjoying the weather today...it is terrible for my asthma!! 
is not enjoying this hot, sticky weather 
Is not even funny...Everyone is in NYC and I'm, well, here. Oh I miss The City  best memories ever...
Is not excited for work right now at all 
is not excited to go to the dentist 
is not feelin good!!!! 
is not feelin well 
is not feelin well. hmm raiiiiiny day! argggh! 
Is not feelin well... 
is not feeling good at all  Recoop day!
is not feeling good at all... fever and blocked ears... miserableness 
is not feeling great today 
Is not feeling loved 
is not feeling loved this morning! 
is not feeling ok again   (Nephyr live &gt; http://ustre.am/3pJ9)
is not feeling okey now...  http://plurk.com/p/133h67
is not feeling so good.. 
Is not feeling so great anymore hahaha. Not sure if i should drink at the lil 5 this year. Not cool 
Is not feeling that well!! 
is not feeling the gloomy weather 
is not feeling the greatest. i woke up with another headache and i can barely keep my eyes open.  Fun 
is not feeling too good and fears it may have effecting her exams  bad times!
is not feeling too good.... n the whole family is overseas!!!! 
Is not feeling very good... 
is not feeling very loved 
Is not feeling very well, but off to work i go 
is not feeling waking up at six tomorrow morning 
is not feeling well  argh! I HATE IT!
is not feeling well  http://plurk.com/p/12nmeq
Is not feeling well at all, and can't go back to sleep. 
is not feeling well at all. shit nuggets 
is not feeling well has to have a kidney transplant  at westmead childrens hospital mum is giving me her kidney
is not feeling well today. im so sick. i hate having flu. i can't even breathe well.. urgghh 
Is NOT feeling well!!! 
is not feeling well,...trying to bounce back. 
is not feeling well. My nose is so clogged, everything I blurt out sounds like a snort. :@) oinkoink. 
is not feeling well.. 
is not feeling well... i've been vomitting and making number 2's!!!!  http://plurk.com/p/xumfs
is not feeling well.... 
is not feeling well..over work &amp; fatigue  http://plurk.com/p/y01t6
is not feeling work ont his gorge day 
is not gettin the hang of twitter 
is not goin' on a surftrip... 
is not going out tonight, due to new lenses costing $170 and a rental inspection tomorrow. Woe. 
is not going outside.... the dang horseflys are everywhere.. 
is not going to a party. I hurt my back moving a piece of furniture. OMG. I hope I can move tomorrow!    
is not going to have a life starting monday.  THIS WEEKEND BETTER BE FUCKING AMAZING.
is not going to have any teeth by the time she leaves lasha and asha's house because of all the abuse she is receiving 
is not going to see billy idol tonight...although jeff will be there 
is not going to the gym today  My shoulder hurts from getting banged up at the u/w hockey tournament last night. Need to rest it.
Is not going to the Twins game as originally planned 
Is not going to the Twins game as originally planned  #fb
is not good at enforcing schedules for her children, which does not ensure a good amount of sleep for them. 
Is not good at game shows 
is not good at twitting  
Is not happy about having to wear glasses 
Is not happy about not having a life for the next 6 weeks! 
is not happy because the connection @ the house is not working. 
is not happy is raining again! 
Is not happy that I'm going to have to work the whole weekend, especially after the week I've already had!!!! 
is not happy that the weather has changed and now is going to rain during Silverstone...I'm not amused, no wellingtons and I'm camping 
is not happy that weather.com constantly lies to me. also not happy about my pounding headache 
is not happy, because she is not well enough to go on the d of e walk today 
is not happy. Nope... not happy at all. Just want to scream at top of my lungs. And cry. 
is not happy. This morning LastMinute.com refuses to take my order, and now the flights to Amsterdam for tomorrow have gone up by Â£100. 
is not having a good day, no mobile pho ne  and realizing i must be pretty ugly!!
Is not having a good morning  blah!!!!!
is not having a good time with microeconomics this morning.  This one problem will be the death of me.
is not having a happy day. 
is not having ANY luck with these #giveaways lately!!! Waaaah 
is NOT ignoring you guys, just has pics uploading VERY slowly on fb and myspace so can't respond to comments right now  Loves Ya
Is not impressed by the forecast weather for Glast 
is not impressed pizza arived with pepperoni on it rather than pineapple  now waiting for my new one http://plurk.com/p/11z3n1
is not impressed she accidently left her ipod on all day n its now dead 
is not impressed with the rain- I wanted to go market shopping  bleh.
is not impressed with this crappy weather 
is not in a good mood ! 
Is not in a good mood now - not after someone collided into my hand and the iPhone skidded on the concrete  and a minor knee injury  
is not in the best of moods... 
is not in the mood for Driver's Ed  http://plurk.com/p/1172at
is not in the mood to work today  bring on my day off tomorrow!!
is NOT in work mode 
is not into antiques ... at all being in an antiques mall for the last hour has more than confirmed this 
is not liking quarantine very much. at lest the parts where I am actually awake and would like to go outside..which is not often 
is not liking the clouds 
is not liking the fact that facebook means you dont get real birthday cards anymore  well not as many!
is not liking the online livebox right now. Internet is dead. 
is not liking the sound of this 
Is not liking the thunder and lightening 
is not looking forward to a full day at work tomorrow 
is not looking forward to another night of revision 
is not looking forward to getting up at 5:45 for work 
is not looking forward to going back to work tommorow 
Is not looking forward to going to a funeral tomorrow   I hate funerals!
is not looking forward to going to the courthouse this morning to get this speeding ticket thing taken care of.  No more perfect record. 
Is not looking forward to Monday  Booo!!!
is not looking forward to moving all my stuff out  xx
is not looking forward to school tomorrow 
is not looking forward to school tomorrow morning  can't waittt for summer!
is not looking forward to show rehursals all day tomorrow 
is not looking forward to the dentist tomorrow 
Is not looking forward to the weekend 
Is not looking forward to these exams 
is not looking forward to this afternoon at work 
is not looking forward to this afternoon... 
is not looking forward to tidying his room today 
Is not looking forward to Wilson's dental surgery tomorrow. 
is not looking forward to work at all this am after the storms last night 
is not looking forward to work in the morning. 
is not looking foward t th Night Hike  !!
is not looking foward to finals 
is not looking fwd to 500 boyscout swim test this morning  not fun not fun!
is not loving Sims 3 on the laptop.  Can't control it.
is not making Nick very happy today, poor little guy 
Is NOT pregnant 
is not reaaally feeling very well  i miss him  ! alot.
is not ready for another week of school!!! 
is not ready for school yet!!!  http://plurk.com/p/wy69d
is not ready for the next day, week, month... 
is not ready for the week to start 
is not really looking forward to school tommorow 
is not running in the Annapolis half marathon this weekend because i failed to meet the registeration deadline &amp; its completely filled 
is NOT seeing Transformers 2.  Michael Bay = 
is NOT sleeping ....damnit. T-minus 4 hours and counting until i have to get the kids up for school 
is not sleeping well lately 
is not so excited fot the prom anymore  just dedicated &quot;ME WITHOUT YOU&quot; by @ashleytisdale to my BFF.im nothing without her. perfect song.
is not so happy 
is not so happy spring break is already just about over.  
is not suceeding in her first freecycle transaction. The guy has 5 mins to get here to collect before I need to go out 
is not sure if she got to sleep at all. I hate this feeling! 
is not sure she can wait until November for New Moon. but I guess I will have to 
is not the best night  and Can't wait for a brand new day!
is not tierd and cannot sleep  bad times
Is not to happy. Paused Pearl Harbor to do things..started watching it..then my cable decided to have a stupid check..lost PH. 
is not to long home from swimming, got my foot hurt sooooo bad!!  ily &lt;3
is not true 
is not very happy after reading this article: Sickness is profitable.  http://www.technologyreview.com/computing/22852/
is not very well ! 
Is not very well again and off work 
is not wanting to go to school today   only 3 more days left of my junior year!!
Is not wel 2day 
is not well 
Is not well  having the day off work, and spent all night trying to sleep with 4 11 year olds downstairs,5 hours sleep :|
is not well ..stomach bug...this is the pits!!! 
is not well at all 
is notopic 
is now alone in the house. 
Is now bored watching darn R Pattz win, EVERY AWARD!  I wish Zac and Nessa won! stupid Twilight 
is now carless. 
Is now crying  Omg I am fed up with this pain !!! 
Is now doing my assignment 
is now done with college .... how sad  gunna miss everyone  xx
is now goin 2 bed......... no fone call 2night 
is now going home. I can still feel the pain. 
is now going to bed. Getting up @ 3am, leaving hotel @ 4am, then flying back home, far away from the FoL, the GoL, the BoL...  Night, all!
is now going to bed. have to get up in 5 hours! no make that 4 1/2 
is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and the night at his house as even more bad news has come up 
is now in bed, suffering from lack of tiredness 
is now in Timog. Exploiting the free Wifi. I badly need my Internet connection back in my dorm room 
Is now in work  tired as hell
Is now looking at instruments they can't afford 
is now missin my fireman.  
is now missing him terribly. a part of me left with him last night. now my bed is empty on one side. 
is now not having indian  instead has to eat whatever her dad brings home. i hope he comes home soon.
is now officially a New Jersey resident   -- but I'll always be a Connecticutian at heart.
is now officially car-less 
is now officially fed up and needs a break and some fun 
is now officially jobless  
is now officially scared of 3rd year.  http://plurk.com/p/110nbq
is now on crutches and is in a lot of pain 
is now on his flight to San Francisco...but is stuck in the middle seat for the long flight. 
is now reading pages 300-322 of  my Soc stud textbook for tomorrow.  
is now ready to work  http://plurk.com/p/11q5xk
is now realizing that there are some netbooks that are more powerful than his own macbook 
is now resting... becuz of mild headache..  http://plurk.com/p/z022h
Is now sad 
is now seriously broke &amp; completely has no more moolah left 
is now single 
is now stalking the lover's ex plurk account. Make me stop 
is now stressed about history  GREAT
is now thinking too much.. can't sleep 
is now waiting and wanting people 2 follow her 
is now watching WEC with Kyle and Steven because Finding Nemo is over 
is nt happy with her bf now 
is nursin a horrible migraine...like i just downed 2 pills and its not goin...being in the middle is no longer fun...wait it never was... 
is nursing a sore throat...blahhhh 
is o tired because of my HillBilly Family and my histerical sister! Stress is not good for me, lol. Stuck at work 
is of to school for the last day 
is of work for 2 weeks but wont benefit till ive done my last 2 exams  7 days to go ..........................
is off 2 bed work 2muro gd times nd its derby day  awww mannnn..x
is off 2 work, on such a nice day aswell  Happy Fathers day to all the dad's! x
is off and freezed.  http://plurk.com/p/11vrxh
is off college 4 the 1st time in the year 
is off computer shopping - thank god fo credit cards.  I cant be without a pc 
is off ill but going backin tomorrow. holiday cancelled 
is off on the bike to the river ! NOBODY should be stuck in on a day like this !!!!!!! especially me as once again i'm on my own !!!!! 
is off out to school  but, collecting sponsors so its all good!
is off out tonight. just saw Jonas on youtube, why is it not out in the uk yet 
is off out,, doctors later tho,, not looking forward to that 
is off to bed and then going to take her dad for a back shot. FUN 
is off to bed dissapointed, @tommcfly and @dannymcfly NEVER tweet me back!  night twitter!
Is off to bed it's already 11.30 &amp; needed to get there sooner! LOL Up again  6.15 
is off to bed lol got to be up in 5 hrs  nite all xxxxxxxx
is off to bed now but as to be up at 7:45 to go to his course in the library really dnt wanna get up wud raither hav a lie-in instead 
Is off to bed now, cause I'm back in school tomorrow! That sucks!!! 
is off to bed now. 2 exams tomorrow, not looking forward to it  Sweet dreams
is off to bed now. Has the 5km walk in the morning... and it looks like it will be raining. 
is off to bed now....sooooo frickin' tired 
Is off to bed, has she has got along day tomorrow with maths and geography revision  night xxx
is off to bed, isn't looking forward to work. The weekends go to fast 
is off to bed. Another exhausting day ahead. And its only Tuesday 
is off to bed. Tomorrow it's back to work... Hmmm I wish this weekend wasn't over yet!   Good night everybody!!!
is off to bed... presentation 2morow 
is off to college   Xx.
is off to college  I don't wanna go ! lol
is off to college for like the last time ever 
is off to daughters last recital 
Is off to do some London shopping  before heading home once again 
is off to get her hair cut in the morning, and is not looking forward to spending a weekend alone 
is off to going back to school 
is off to grab a flight from Stansted to Glasgow - and still hasn't found her camera  BAD TIMES
is off to gym (after a little lie-in with my book) and HappY Father'S DaY to all the dads out there. And bye  to Rob whom I met yday!
Is off to italy for some st - last trip to europe  xx
Is off to nottingham tomorrow 
is off to school. Seniors' laast day 
is off to see @BritneySpears. but @PrincessSuperC is not playing 
is off to sleep - Monday tomorrow 
is off to sleep cos she's tired and sick and has nothing she can take to make her better  guess they forgot to invent the miracle cure!
is off to the Chiropractor did something to my neck..hurts like hell  Later ! xox
is off to the dentist, then the midwife for blood tests..whoop de frikking do 
is off to the doctor...  damn headcold/flu....
is off to the hospital to visit Sheyen, she's sick 
is off to the last hoofin' class 
Is off to the library for a long day of revision - which is even more depressing cos it's another hot day!!! 
Is off to the mountain to get his first and last trip to the slope in for the year. 
Is off to the shops...and doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow 
Is off to try and sleep off this very nasty headache 
is off to Woking yet again! 
is off to work 4 the 1st time in over a week-its gona hurt 
Is off to work again!!! 
is off to work for a half day, then off to a funeral 
Is off to work in about 10 mins!!! i really dnt like late shifts.. i mite miss my treadmill run 2days 
is off to work on late 
Is off to work soon    But is listening to the Legendary @CHRISDJMOYLES  on Radio 1!  Wahey!
Is off to work tonite 
Is off to work! How not cool! Its too sunny outside to work! 
is off to work, but wishes he could send the whole day in bed 
Is off to work, with my bad tooth 
is off to work. Gay 
is off to work. Monday starts on sunday 
is off to work. Three more days 
is off to work....laaaaame 
is off work today with a throbbing headache. My whole head feels like its pulsating 
is off work today! still not feeling very well! 
Is officially 19. Being sick on your birthday is not exactly a great present though. 
is officially a fan of Glee.  Now I have to wait until fall 
is officially addicted to 24  ohdearrrrohdear. what do i do hahah
Is officially afraid of crocodiles. 
Is officially back to work   2 to close?  Watch me fall asleep at 9pm
is officially devo cos the NKOTB tour was cancelled 
Is officially officially  O F F I C I A L Y missin him 
is officially unemployed 
Is officially, totally packed &amp; ready for Mission Trip!! :-D Headed back to Ocean Springs to sit with Ms. Joyce. 
is offline ah, sepi bgt ga ada thoman  http://plurk.com/p/114jck
Is oh so sad because I left my Andiamo leftovers on my counter at home  so much for yummy leftovers
is oh so tired 
Is omfg my wall is plastered with psychology, and not even a whole third of the module. 
is omggg, sooo out of shape. 
is on a DIET. and really wants to pig out 
is on a hay fever day today 
Is on a hill walk in the rain!  http://twitpic.com/7pby3
Is on a psychometrics class which makes me perfectly sleepy. i really want my pillow. 
Is on a train all by his self? :s  wow...depressing lol
Is on an epic FAIL this month 
is on but cant figure out how to use it 
is on da way 2 wrk 4 these kid shows, its 2 early  !!!
Is on day 1 of 12 days working straight  I look kinda fly in my little FP polo though, the Hill branding is still strong Mr West!
is on day 3 of bed rest....... 
is on hartford, conneticut on a layover and can't sleep and i have to be up in 2 hrs 
Is on her way home 
is on her way home from the beach. 
Is on her way home sick. I hate my gallbladder. 
is on her way to school 
Is on her way to the airport so sad to be leaving my favorite place in the entire world... Back to Miami it is 
is on her way to UAE exchange. then will have brunch later by herself.  on USBY today. be right back!! )... http://plurk.com/p/xk2jv
Is on her way to work. Ew. Fucking rain 
is on his DSi and unable to sleep 
Is on his palm pre but gotta go to work n a lil bit  sucks...
is on his way back to g-town.. So tired 
is on his way to work and mad at his boo thang..... 
is on hour 5 of the most boring orientation ever. It's literally making me sad 
is on house quarantine until further notice   damn flu
is on my way home 
is on my way to Baraboo, WI for everydays  
is on myspace, facebook, msn and doin work 
is on one of those mad rempages where you can just eat anything and everything in the fridge ... Im gunna be fat  lol
Is on the beach, a bit cold and wants soup. And should be working on my projects.... 
is on the bus going home, and a little pissed that none of the quizzes will work on her cell phone 
is on the bus going into work 
is on the bus now going to school  great 4 day weekend !
is on the coach to London - it's gonna be a long ride 
is on the Lemsip again 
is on the road to va ( I HATE leaving my gram! 
Is on the road, heading thru NM ... gotta make it to Springfield, MO. Still sick  but alive and not feverish.
is on the road.mejo traffic..  http://plurk.com/p/11b9mt
Is on the sofa watching C.S.I &amp; chilling out . Not happy with the looming cold 
is on the verge of crying! dang it! im going to bed 
is on the way to Aberdeen to build a Hope Not Hate float for the Torcher Parade, but am without phone 
Is on the way to Kyle's last game!   then family time hopefully! &lt;3
Is on the way to MC. Feeling quite nervous cause she jumped on the train w/o validating. It was going to leave without me!!!! 
is on the way to the dentist :| 'Drag Me To Hell' is the most terrifying movie I've had this month 
is on the way to town wishing i had some money to spend  x
is on twitter. fuck 
is on youtube and wanting to go to the beach 
is once again off to school, but has a massive headache and pains in her leg 
Is once again tuning her f**king Freeview box in again. Hate this stupid Tele 
is one active download (1 day, 8 hours remaining). NO WAY!  http://plurk.com/p/wxdsy
is one again, locked up in my bedroom, i'm really sick of spending all my time in here, i just want friends yo. 
is one confused individual. i just want to scream!  i miss my dad.
is one down three to go  ....napp for ever so tireddd
is one sick person today  
is online doing nothing but wishing she had a keyboard on her cell. 
is online n stressed out  http://plurk.com/p/rplcs
Is only been a month on twitter and I updated 347 times I really don't have a life  
is only done with his second day of work and is already bringing work home...guess thats why they gave me a laptop  #fb
is only getting more and more upset, going to bed early.. and wishing things were a lot different.. also thoughtful, but speechless.. 
is only watching transformers 2 on sunday. i can't wait that long. 
is optimus prime going to die?????? 
is OUCH! having trouble sitting down... thanks biochem and anatomy 
is ouft ..  http://plurk.com/p/11jxm9
is out for the day thenhas gotta play the steel pans at a celebration evening for the yr 7's. Fun. not.  god i miss him so much ):
is out in the sun with my laptop , college 2morro tho  gonna be stuck indoors when its proper nice out 
is out of flake  why dont they sell it here sigh
is out of graphic novels to listen to at work, and will be listening to lectures for a while  #fb
is out of port! 
is out of space on her gmail account. apparently, google can't host more than 8GB an account  now what?!
is out of touch and gutted 
Is out on the motorcycle. 
is out to job hunt yet again! cursed economy 
is outta of town   sry guys for ditching but had no choice.!
is over andys, stayin the week, dont want to go home, its weird when i do cos i go into my freak out mode, all this co he cheated on me 
is over tonight... 
Is over training in the rain 
is overly disappointed....why can't things ever go my way...? 
is overwhelmed with loan, credit &amp; mortgage info! Going to have to do a short sale on my house  Can I wiggle my nose &amp; make it go away?!
is overwhelmed with work and emotionally stressed out  i'm not a happy camper these days
is overwhelmed. Magaayos nanaman ako ng files for yearbook. ang bilis.  http://plurk.com/p/13rw73
is packed and ready for the weekend, although does not finish work till nearly 6pm tomorrow 
is packing and little sad 
is packing his stuff away n moving out of Aynsley Halls,  the year 12 summer school has been cool!!
is packing the last of his childhood stuff from his dad and stepmom's place. Its kinda sad 
is packing to go home tomorrow! goodbye sunny california! 
Is packing up and leaving 
is packing up for 2 weeks of house sitting 
is packing up her laptop now.... Leaving Champaign early in the morning.  http://plurk.com/p/ua74n
is packing up her room! 
is packing up my dorm room for the last time ever....its soooo sad 
is packing up the house 
is packing up to move out 
is painfully tired 
IS PANIC AT THE DISCO EVER GOING TO COME TO SACRAMENTO AGAIN? i missed them last time... 
is panicking about chem revision!!!  2 modules to do in one day!!! OMGG..... :S
is paper writing for the 3rd day in a row 
is papering her life away. so much for a fun birthday weekend. 
is passing a kidney stone 
is passing kidney stoneS...   fading out...attempting sleep....pray for me, please
is pathetically sad that all my friends left gainesville today... and aren't coming back 
is paying more bills.  but the bright side is, they're company bills. Not my own. Mine aren't as expensive. Thank God for small favors!
is paying rent, car insurance, cable one, and alabama power this week. I am BROKE.  
is paying the price for an amazing weekend right now...so sick, haven't gotten out of bed all day 
is peeling like a mad lady, false tan smells of beef &amp; onions 
is peeved that im feeling so ill as i really want and need to go to church tomorrow, big time meh 
IS PHONELESS  ...NOW OFF TOO SLEEP
Is physically tired but can't sleep 
is picking up her new golf clubs tonight - I shed a tear whenever I walk by anything Ben Hogan 
Is pigging out. What a miserable day 
is piled up to her nose in paperwork 
is pining for Swaziland and her volunteers  been looking at all the photos... I miss everyone too much. Waaaaaaaa!!!!
is pissed !! The flight is delayed by 30 mins... Now I'l reach Mumbai after 12am 
is pissed at him. Why can't you just TRY to be sweet. You can update your status &amp; have a convo, but not mention being excited to see me. 
is pissed because her new notebook has a shitty screen resolution 
Is pissed cause the color in his hair is being stupid. Ugh. 
Is pissed forgot to set my alarm for church I really wanted to go this weekend too 
Is pissed New Kids on the Block aren't coming now  
is pissed off and feels shit....not in the mood at alllll 
Is pissed off that I can't get updates on my phone solely because I'm Canadian...i'm dissapointed w/the fastest growing website around 
is pissed she had to cut her night short cuz she has to work in the morning!! 
is pissed she won't see her Maki (mom) on mother's day 
is pissed that he has to use this crappy phone til he gets a new one.  
is pissed that her passport still hasn't arrived  C'mon guys it's been over 2 weeks now...
is pissed that i lost my wallet!!! 
is pissed wit the weather.  http://plurk.com/p/11husv
Is pissed. 
is pissed. i had to delete my myspace  yes, the one i had for all of two days.
is pisses off, legs ++ feet in loads of pain, running from a old man who tryed too trash our tent :O 
is pissy I have no time for play  http://myloc.me/4c1n
is planning his trip to morocco..and has to work 
is planning to revise all day 
is playing at the BJs Marathon tonight. 11:30 slot is for sad fuckers like us 
is playing correspondence catchup! and now i'm hungry .... 
is playing Farm Frenzy at 320am... this game is suppose to be fun  friggin grizzly bears and pandas come running out at the chickens!
Is playing mersanaries with @loserninja. And dying alot 
Is playing pokemon! And its making me feel kind of old 
is playing poker in facebook.  no life
is playing summer anthems....in the rain 
is playing xbox with garret. youth pool party got cancelled due to rain 
is pleased that it's friday, but school is going to be such an anticlimax after the circus 
is plurking.. tp ini knp commentx bhs piliphina smua? eh, ap vietnam? this is confusing me  http://plurk.com/p/xanik
is polishing his motorcycle for probably the last time  http://yfrog.com/5fgoej
Is poolside.. Already wanting to see Eli Young again 
is poolside...restrained from jumping in  http://myloc.me/2Wlp
is pooped, from a day of waking up at 12pm and now its 2pm, and im pooped 
Is poor again...boo to rent. 
is poor. Seriously seriously. 
is poorly  x
is poorly *coughs* 
is poorly at home today  feeling pretty ill
is poorly sick  Wishes she had lots of people giving her sympathy &amp; flowers
is poorly sick! damn so-called friends throwing alcohol all over me. 
Is pouting cuse i burnt my finger on the stupid oven cook thing. Now ive got it stuck in ice cold water. 
is practically falling asleep at her desk......wish I was outside 
is praising the Lord...her brother almost got on the train that collided  My prayers go out to all the family's affected...
is praying for her daddy-o and hoping he gets better fast.  #fb
is praying for the passengers of Air France (Rio 2 Paris) flight... It could have been any of us... Got a feeling I know someone in there 
is praying for the people in Franklin County, Virginia...there's a tornado warning   Moving east to Pittsylvania County.
is praying she is aloud to go in november 
is praying that Job Corps calls Nigel today...  also misses her pets...  
is praying to god the rumors of a Joss-approved Buffy cartoon are true!  I was so heartbroken when the last animated series didn't happen 
is preparing for a morning at work 
is preparing for her solicitors appointment tomorrow 
is preparing for tests  
is preparing going back to work 
is preparing himself before going back to his own place.. 
is pretty bummed   Play It Sam
Is pretty bummed that my best friend is leaving tomorrow to move to Florida.  
is pretty lonely tonight! 
is pretty sad, it's the after trip and Backstreet Boy + fun depression! 
is pretty sick today 
is pretty sick...struggling through her first assignment. South Beach in two days...come on immune system, don't do this to me. 
is pretty sure I've got pneumonia again. 
is pretty sure someone is eating in the bathroom stall. that's really high school of them and kind of sad 
is pretty sure there's going to be water in the basement tonight if this keeps up. 
is pretty tired and has to wake up tomorrow to do that stupid paper over serotonin 
is pretty upset that @robdyrdek was at the mall yesterday (WHERE I WORK) for a meet and greet and I didn't even know!  
is probably going to fail this exam and feeling a bit meh about a lot of things 
is probably going to the doctor tomorrow...my back hurts so bad 
is probably gonna go over 12GB this month 
is procrastinating... i feel ill.. but don't want to go to bed.  
is proper fed up 
Is proper sick, not just flu sick and will be spending the day feeling rancid and watching action movies... 
Is propper gutted the heat went out last night 
is psyched that Rossi got his first win this MotoGP season &amp; is glad Lorenzo wasn't hurt. Still bummed over Nicky Hayden's season so far 
is pulling an all nighter cause i has to revise for my mock maths exam tomorrow  havent even covered hal the work... 6 hours till school.
is pumped and bummed all at the same time....... 
is pusing dan kaki gue keram gara&quot; abis berenang  http://plurk.com/p/yup2e
is putting dirty dishes in the dishwasher...gag 
is putting Jayden to bed, then thinking about hitting the hay herself ... headache is back again 
is putting on her &quot;suit&quot; (&amp;dont mean jeans&amp;T)&amp;Heading over 2 T-town 2 deal w/ family emergency PLEZ PRAY 4Us  BE back by 630P God willing!
is putting pictures on facebook but doesnt kno how to put pictures on twitter 
Is putting rocks on then shoes. Then gonna drop off @saysaymaybee and go to work 
is puzzled and still not feeling well..  http://plurk.com/p/12bpar
Is quarantined! Its a sad day 
is quarrentined at her parents till she's not sick...gotta love having no one around you AND feeling like death. 
is queing for idol. shhhh don't tell anyone 
is questioning his position in life now. It has to be better than this. It's got to be. But right now nothing I do seems right. 
Is quietly confident about visa situation but resigned to missing the Berg next week. 
is quite sick with nerves about seeing Sam for the last time possibly ever today 
is quite upset for not being able to go to youth tomorrow 
Is raining now! Argh. I use to love the rain, but it's been like this for 2 weeks now  Rain rain go away and never come back another day.
is raining tomorrow!!so i really dont know what i should wear!!  &amp; yeah 4. going to tha church &amp; 5.eating dinner at the brothaa of my dad.
is rather bored today and wants to go shopping with no moneyy   &lt; 3 Shanee
is rather disenfranchised with Community Server  
is rather sick of studying..but exams start on Monday 
is rather tired 
Is Rather Tired And Doesn't Want To Go To School ! 
Is rather tyrd now 
is re uploading my new vid, didn't work the first time  haha watever this one only has four more minutes.
is reaaaaally tired but doesn't want to sleep 
is reaallyy tireddddd 
Is reaaly starving , and thinks that @bryceavary should get his ass on tour SOON 
is reading and thinking and staaaaaaaaaaaarving. 
is reading blogs about failing the board exams...  http://plurk.com/p/xnu5p
is reading on tomorrows exam 
is reading popstar magazine and has pins and needles in  her foot 
is reading the last book..Breaking Dawn 
is reading then getting some much needed sleep. Missing Sammy 
is reading up on the asylm convention as i was unsble to get there 
Is ready for a ball, but it not exactly summertime weather outside  stupid rain in London.
is ready for a week of organizing. It's never-ending. 
Is ready for bed but rosies playing hide and seek and I can't find her 
is ready for bed. even though it's only 5 
is ready for the fence to be fixed. 
is ready to come home 
IS READY TO GET THIS WEEK OVER WITH 
is ready to go do something.  And the whole city is going to sleep.  Sometimes I hate Los Angeles.  
Is ready to go home. 
is ready to go to sleep...but can't 
is ready to kick immunizations ass but is scared for the three shots he needs to get on Thursday yikes 
is ready to leave tonight.LMAO had to write a page note for chad on how to tend to Ethan why im gone. Some daddy he has(poor baby) 
is ready to sleep. T'as been a long day. Going home tomorrow too 
is real d.a.o. about bron bron  :? :{ ;[
is realizing all that work he does on those players won't be all that appreciated. Oh noes. 
is realizing that she has an addiction, and there's nothing she can do until she gets help ... to bad that won't be for another 2 months 
is realizing we wont have the money to go to Michigan in a couple weeks  
is realllly hungover. Give me cuddles 
is reallly dredding going back to school tomorrrroooow 
is reallly sick and graduation is tommaro 
is really annoyed @metrostation has sold out in london 
Is really annoyed that my CD burner is being a shithead. Time to get an external burner 
is really bad at attempting to sleep alone.  insomina is a bitch + its too bright outside.
is really bad when you living at 100 meters from the beach and you can not go there because you have to study  so unfair 
is really board and wants to go out 2moro nite but hasnt asked the rents..i hate this feeling! 
is really bored and has a math test on tuesday! 
is really bored and just wants to go on holiday and wants Katie and Peter to get back together!!!!! 
is really bored and really sleepy...and mad she can't find a custom lanyard maker that wont make me buy 1000000 minimum 
Is really bored at work 
is really bored now  Tweet tweet!
is really bored! I wish I had the money to go out 
is really BORED!!!   http://plurk.com/p/13cyrd
is really bored.   http://plurk.com/p/p0o7s
Is really bored.  Chatting with shakaaa!!
is really bored.  I'm waiting for Gel to reply.
is really bored.. 
is really bored...and needs a job. 
Is really bored..i need someone to talk to  ..so lonely lol
Is really bummed out :/ Bout lotsa things...i Hope this Summer gets better cuz rite now: Booooooo. 
Is really bummed that IT crowd: episode 4 season 2 does not work 
is really bummed things didnt go as planned!.. 
is really cant wait for trueblood season 2.. note for him:dont go changing  
is really confused        help????? &gt;&gt;&gt;
is really disappointed that he is gonna miss the french open finals today  History is to be made in 6 hrs.
is really disappointed w/ ichiban's sushi 
is really down tonight 
is really feeling sorry for robert pattinson! 
is really going to learn how to make beef stew HEHE. Unless beef is not preferred? 
is really going to miss my cosuins    I hope to see you guys soon (l) L.O.V.E you guys!!!!!!!!!
Is really gonna miss the seniors even if i didnt know that many of them 
is really happy she got to see Ace Hood perform but is really sad she didn't get to meet him tonight. 
is really hunger 
is really hungry. 
Is really hurt.   
is really hurting from the Gym. I didnt realise that the instructors wanted to kill me...? 
Is really ill and has cancelled the photoshoot today. Hope I'm better in time to play tomorrow! 
is really in no way looking forward 2 skool 2moro! at least need one more day off...   why oh why school??!
Is really missin @EllayHollywood 
is really missing her best friend &lt;/3 rest peacefully cowboy  ilu!
is really missing her hubby.  And I have to go to work tonight, so not going to see him tonight.
is really missing her Montreal bound girlfriend... 
Is really missing Jamie right now 
is really NOT enjoying being unemployed...yuck! 
is really not feeling so hot.  
is really not happy 
is really not liking the job of teenager sitting... thanks mum 
is really not looking forward to the next 4 weeks  
is really not ready to go back to the states 
is really over being sick.. Not very fun  Damn tonsillitis
is REALLY pissed at the ending of tough love. i felt like crying when i read that @toughlovejody and her bf didn't work out!!!!! 
Is really poorly 
is really poorly ritde now 
is really really bored ï¿½cause everyone is on vacation and sheï¿½s not 
is really really missing him... 
is really really not a happy bunny 
is really really really sick of nightmares 
is really really suffering with sunburn 
is really really tired! 
Is really sad 
is really sad its Pastor Goddard's last sunday at Yukon First Nazarene 
Is really sad she had to suspend her gym membership 
is really sad she has to miss Janice's last recital. 
is really sad that ian crawford left the cab 
is really sad that the closest Jesse McCartney is coming all summer is Atlanta on Thursday and I can't freakin go!!!!! 
is really sad the pinkberry will no longer carry green tea 
is really sad.  http://plurk.com/p/ozof9
is really sick and laying in bed the rest of the day 
is really sick from taco bell 
is really sick of life's unfairness   R.I.P.my happiness
is really sick of this weather - the pressure fronts are giving me headaches 
Is really sick. Good thing I forced my mom to take me to the doctor before it got really worse. Now I. can't go to the wedding 
is really sleepy, i have a big day tomorrow   nanight xx
Is really starting to feel proud of this Intranet website I'm working on; that probably only 2 people including me will ever see  #fb
is really sunburnt after spending four hours on the beach  it really hurts
is really thinking about getting the iPhone...I think I'm the only one without it 
is really tired at work 
is really tired but working anyway 
is really tired of his Palm Treo 800w. It does not work correctly and never has. But I'm too broke to get a new PDA phone. 
Is really tired still 
is really tired today after fest but has to go film a movie scene then go to work. Another full day with no time for anything else. 
Is really tired. 
is really tired.. and still three maybe four days left.. 
is really tiredd 
is really ultra bored 
is really ultradeppressed I couldn't find Owl City tickets for Laurla 
is really upset about losing 14 birds. PLEASE use extreme caution when cooking with teflon pans! rip by feathered babies... 
Is really upset that she doesn't have any time off with will 
is really upset that she may possible have to wait longer than a year to see JB next 
is really upset.  ready for Penguins to come back tuesday. Get to play tommorow though.
Is really upset. College softball is way too unpredictable. Ugh. Poor Bama. 
is really wishing she had tickets to see dane cook at the staples center 
is really worried 
is really, really tired, and hasn't slept in days. Can barely keep my eyes open  Really missing my sanity.
is reallyl annoyed to be home  and is so bored right now it is unbelievable
is reallyreally bored 
is rebooting for the second time in a half hour. It's beginning to look like Windows 7 doesn't agree with my laptop 
Is reconciling with his phone (still taking it back) so text or kall 2day might not b on tomorrow!  cheerio
is recovering from a migraine 
is regretting having been so lackadaisical all week     
Is regretting the road trip to la, feeling woozy from the anesthesia 
is relieved. Fate is doing better, dishwasher is fixed, and car is almost fixed. Fan belts are replaced, but speakers need to be replaced 
is reminiscing about this time last yr when she was @ the BH2 listening to some awesome music! Shame it can't be repeated 
is repairing the cracked pinkie nail, that caught the hair and was unpleasant 
is replanting my cucumbers . . .  . . . (frost got 'em)
is re-reading &quot;He's Just Not That Into You&quot; - just in case... 
is resting from a really hard day...and very long. I'm so happy I'm some-what a part of their family. Sad... 
is resting her poor feet after the big match this morn!! cant believe i hav scratches all down my arm from the girl marking me!! 
Is resting my broken knee and sad to say the triathlon will go on withour me. 
is resting.. 4 basketball matches nonstop on only water  = painful and VERY hungry.. I don't feel like going to the charty today 
is restless... Beach, anyone? Just come over and get me. Still phoneless. 
Is rethinking some very important life changing decisions she has made in her life lately 
is returning her office key... waaaaaah, it's official.... I'm no longer BC'ers...  http://plurk.com/p/124s0y
is reviewing theybf.com and wondering why a certain celebrity (that i LOVE) insists on wearing flesh-toned pantyhouse with EVERYthing!! 
is reviewing today, but can't really be arsed 
is revising 
Is Revising  Stupid Exams 9 O'clock On A Monday Mornin :@  Singing Along To Mcfly As Per Normal! Haha I Am Gettin Funny Looks Of Nana :L
is revising for her french gcse this afternoon  x
is revising for her history exam tomorrow  x
Is Revising For Her Science Module On Wednesday Which I Know I'm Going To Fail  x
Is Revising For Her Sociology Exam And Is Getting Confused :S OMG My Exam Is In 1/2 An Hour :O 
is revising for my history exam tomorrow .. and the 3 other exams i have this week 
is revising for science  BORING!
is revising. I hate exams 
is ridiculously anxious for summer. you really have nooooo idea 
is ridiculously sick 
Is ridiculously sick. Make it stopppp 
is rinsing her hair black. Bye bye blonde! 
is roasting! 
is rockin' a minivan til the STi is ready. I miss it already 
Is rolled up on the couch. Sick 
is ronery.... 
is rooting through the Faver-lost property bin for something waterproof  Bah!!!
is rrrreally beginning to wonder...&amp; that's not good. 
is running 10 miles tommorrow  
is running a fever after last night, sad face. 
Is running mad late. Stage time +15 
is running on 3 hours of sleep.. its gonna be a long day 
is running on low batteries....  http://plurk.com/p/n0blb
Is running out of hol! Bk to work soon 
Is running out of muscle milk 
is running out of thoughts. wala ako sa mood magsulat for the report. ANJ, RINNE! HELP!  http://plurk.com/p/12bmsi
is sad  and oritantion at 9am..whyyyyyy
is sad  and wondering why you would do this to me again
is sad  Erin is greately missed, was not looking forward to this day and hour but we gotta go through this ((
Is sad  i miss my guys  goodnight twitter - twilight word. Someone for http://flowpattz.wordpress.com
is sad  imy 17. http://plurk.com/p/uhgpy
is sad  jealousy is not a good thing when you trully love someone  everything is a working process xxxx
is sad  my KARMA goes down....  (angry) X-( http://plurk.com/p/126172
is sad about Farrah 
is sad about having to put her dog down this week. 
Is sad about her dog.  He has a slipped disc. 
is sad about her phone 
is sad about Jon &amp; Kate getting a divorce  if only Kate would stop being so mean and Jon would grow a pair...
is sad about jon and kate  i was hoping they could work it out...if they divvy up the kids i want aaden!
is sad about the jon and kate thing. 
is sad about the last day of work! 
is sad about the loss of Manchester united in FA cup semi final 
Is sad about twitter not being famous at all in Europe 
Is sad after watching the Rhys Jones documentary 
is sad and can't believe that Lisa is gone 
Is sad and depresssd and no one cares  http://myloc.me/4hN9
is sad and doesn't know where her money goes 
is sad and worried and doesn't want to face next week 
is sad as her angel has gone away 4 week no contact at all 
is sad at the comments made to her last nite 
is sad BC her dog back home had to be put to sleep this morning 
Is sad bc it's raining and it's just taking time away from spending time with my baby, all bc I can't drive in this stupid weather! 
Is sad bc my mac charger has officialy died. 
Is sad because 17 again was sold out 
is sad because 9 of her 10 followers are scams.  that's sad.
is sad because a lot of people are online but not even one says hi  http://plurk.com/p/13tb9w
is sad because AJ said i could watch the wednesday service on livestream.com but cant figure out how to 
is sad because he will have saturday classes next sem.  http://plurk.com/p/xuivq
is sad because her friend left. 
Is sad because I couldn't go out to play tonight 
is sad because i kan`t go to the Laker game tomorrow!!!!! 
is sad because Jess won't be at school tomorrow  imma be a middle front row lonerrrr like when she had the flu. :|
is sad because Kelly is packing up her dorm room. 
is sad because no one is replying with my twitts. 
is sad because of her phone.. 
is sad because the Armalyte PC remake demo does not work on his Windows 7 box 
Is sad because the electricity is out and has been out for 2 hours and has a kazillion photos to edit 
Is sad because the gas station didn't have french vanilla cappuccino. 
is sad because there was another earthquake in italy.. 
Is sad cause my fish died cause one of my little siblings killed it. 
is sad cos she is on shitty internet cos mo has gone home  and she is stuck in hull all aloney with only wine and dvd's for company 
is sad could not see Transformers 2 tonight 
is sad coz hyd theka's dont have beer 
Is sad coz she's missing a couple of big events 
is sad cuz grandparents r leaving! 
is sad cuz I'm leaving 2mrw and hav 2 no pics of the trip cuz I left my camera in MaKayla baby bag 
Is sad facezz for tootch  &lt;3
Is sad for king James.... Maybe next yr 
is sad he couldn't go to edinburgh 
is sad her health isn't getting better. come on doctors figure this out! 
Is sad her laptop got stepped on... now it's gonna take a bajillion dollars to fix 
is sad her week at home is over  Back to Baton Rouge ....
is sad i am missing the greek season finale because my satelite isn't working 
is sad I didn't find  anyone to go to portsmouth tonight  o0o well...
is sad i miss my papaw so much 
is sad i wasnt able to go to the hob tonight 
is sad it's raining @ the peak  
is sad its the last day of the easter holiday .. 
Is SAD My mom is leaving for 10 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!          
is sad Nadal won't be at Wimbledon this year. 
is sad no one loves her 
is sad no one wants to go to uncle bills with her.  
is sad now his bumchum has left to get cream for his bum where i bummed him sooooo hard 
Is sad Sarah has to leave America 
is sad shane is not coming to the movies.... 
is sad she can't be at the comi-con in san diego at the end of july  some of my fav tv show stars are going to be there and i'm not 
is sad she can't go to the gym again today 
is sad she can't say even just the tiniest thing...  
is sad she can't watch the Wanders show tonight because of work 
is sad she can't watch up  
Is sad she forgot to pay the latina pizza lady...were sposed to be close 
is sad she is leaving Scotland in 2 days 
is sad she might not be able to update mylsnaps this week. 
is sad she never got a reply 
is sad she's not gonna see borobodur 
is sad that @darlich did not come out with us tonight!  
Is sad that @lodaydoda won't reply to her texts! 
is sad that all of his senior friends are graduating tomorrow. 
Is sad that Andy Hallet died a month ago 
is sad that foundations over 
is sad that he cannot afford to go to Europe this year.  Sorry Simon and Jen.  
Is sad that he did not win the gold medal for quarters at the summer olympics like his dreams said he did 
is sad that he is missing out on ProvidAnce Pride! 
is sad that he missed out on #lofnotc 
is sad that her friends have gone home 
Is sad that his bff's dog had to be put to sleep. 
is sad that his colleagues from Brazilian Mining giant Vale were on board the ill fated Air France 447 
is sad that his favorite website is no longer   RIP www.mulletsgalore .com
is sad that i broke my finger 
Is sad that i have 2 go 2 sleep w/o u here next to me. I miss my babe bunches! 
is sad that i have nothing to do tomorrow 
is sad that i missed Greek. 
is sad that ian crawford has left the cab 
Is sad that it has started to happen  x
is sad that it is coming to an end!I had an amazing time with my loves!I'm going to remember every single minute. 
is sad that it is raining... no softball for me today!! 
Is sad that it's raining 
is sad that it's raining..  oh well. I feel much better after sleeping, as far as my last tweet goes.
is sad that jake is leaving 
is sad that Rafa Nadal can't defend his Wimbledon title.  I was looking forward to another Rafa-Roger finals ( #wimbledon
is sad that Renie passed away today but is no longer in pain....my prayers are with her family! 
is sad that school is almost over 
is sad that she can't play hoverkart on her stupid computer. 
is sad that she has to go to work when it is so beautiful outside 
is sad that she is a senior 
is sad that she just took the Universal Studios tram tour and Conan wasn't her guide 
is sad that she wasn't invited to the picnic 
is sad that she'll be missing this month's Daring Bakers challenge.  Just not enough time 
is sad that shin ae got married...and it wasn't to alex 
Is sad that something that just started &amp; absolutely feels wonderful will most likely end prematurely. 
is sad that styles of beyond is not on the new 'transformers' soundtrack. 
is sad that Swells has died  Another childhood idol gone. http://bit.ly/16tcNS
is sad that the Class of 2009 is graduating 
is sad that the karma gain is so little.  http://plurk.com/p/11ay7l
is sad that the Lanvin sneaks had a defect.  http://plurk.com/p/x90ds
is sad that the weather for the week is now rain 
Is sad that they killed Kutner on House. 
is sad that things don't usually go the way you want then to.. I feel deep loss tonight and don't think I'll heal quickly. 
is sad the cherries did not make it home from the grocery store  http://plurk.com/p/vhuze
is sad the mc chris group only has 2 members  Where's all my mc peeps at!?! http://bit.ly/Bxkt
is sad the show is over 
is sad the sunshine has gone  Come back sun! I don't like clouds.
is sad to be back from Becky's  I had an AMAZING few days!
is sad to be leaving Kos tonight! 
is sad to be missing #140Conf looks like everyone is having such a good time. 
is sad to hear about David Cook's Brother  its never a good day when we lose someone to cancer
is sad to hear that Adam has passed away.   
is sad to hear that Farrah Fawcett has taken a turn for the worse.  
is sad to hear that there were no survivors of the Air France's Flight 447. One of which was a Filipino 
is sad to leave CPH today  #fb
is sad to leave KL and his baby. And friends... 
is sad to see another celebrity marriage bite the dust.    http://tinyurl.com/mgshs3
is sad to see Jon and Kate's separate lives on E News.... 
Is sad when people's phones are dead 
is sad yo hear about Ashleycat 
is SAD!!  
Is sad!!    taking a chunk of my dvd collection in to sell.... Hopefully I will be able to buy them back someday.
Is sad, because I lost my internet connection in a middle of an episode of firefly (hulu) 
Is sad, can't find his iPod  his one apple product he could never seem to fault
is sad, 'cos i really want my butt out of my house. 
is sad, lonely, miserable, etc.  I need a companion... 
is sad, she can't play her Sims 3, cause her laptop is to old 
is sad.  http://plurk.com/p/yrylh
is sad.  m i over reacting?
is sad.  tearrrr
is sad. Fam left today (from their visit) &amp; the house seems a bit too quiet.  http://plurk.com/p/x91oz
is sad. i miss u .. 
is sad. Kidz Bop is in my house now.  
is sad. My youngest just graduated from preschool. 
is sad. No onimusha 2 
is sad. The house she wanted is no longer for sale. 
is sad. too sad.  http://plurk.com/p/11nk90
is sad..  wednesday bukas tas walang class! :'( http://plurk.com/p/139pa1
is sad.. has no real friends on here  haha
is sad.. she is missing her brother in law RIP little bro x 
is sad... Her panda is working and not coming round to play. 
is sad...his internet is down and his free trial of rollercoaster tycoon is over 
is sad...my friend left for basic training today 
Is Sad: Cause Of Mom(R.I.P), And Is Depressed Cause I'm Lossing One Of My Bestfriends And I Can't Do Anything About It. 
is sadd cause she just realised brent is right 
Is sadd she can't do the time warp. 
is sadddd... oh well it's fine 
is saddened by the discovery of there no longer being a Fractured Prune by vienna metro... 
Is saddened by the momma bird's incessant cry outside as she looks for her missing baby...  Fits the theme of this day...
is saddened by the remarks given by Yusuf 
is saddened to hear of the death of Farrah Fawcett.  She fought a good fight, keeping her in my prayers and thoughts. 
is sadly watching the thrid Spy Kids movie! thats what my sister wanted towatch 
is sasak to the max. his phone is in the washing machine. 
Is sat around bored looking at expensive clothes online that i can't afford to buy 
is sat at her parents house nursing her kidneys ouch!!Had a lovely wknd with Oliver tho apart from the slight illness 
is sat at home thinking her update is gunna be another day because her computer keeps buggeing up 
is sat eya bored outta her head  x x x
is sat in Admin today doing Warranty calls, i miss by Buying Team 
is sat in awaiting the gas engineer. Would rather be indulging in retail therapy though 
is sat in business, and pretty pissed i cant find a damn proxy 
Is sat in his garden all on his own  but enjoying the sun shine
is sat in PWL.....BLEUGHHHHH   
is sat outside in the sun with her sister &amp; 'friend' and now has to walk to work! boo  shithole.
is sat wondering how all her uni friends are. im not used to not seeing them on a daily basis 
Is savouring her last few hours with computer and internet intact! 
is saying good morning... and Thanks to asll my new followers... gotta go 2 work in an hour... wont b home til 9:30 tonite... 
Is saying happy mothers day to all momies! Wish I could see mine today 
is scared about having to answer the phone loads more tomorrow at wessex fm. ahhh 
Is scared about tomorrow coz of her drama play to yr 5s  HELP anyone 
is scared at how much James and me are alike 
is scared for the math test. 
is scared for the outcome 
is scared of thunder..... and it's thundering 
is scared shitless 
is scared to be a senior  Oh God, 4 days to go :|
Is scared Twitter might shut down and never come back. 
is school  once again!
is school. I have one of my Spanish finals today. 
is screwed for my English exam. I can't find my binder so I can't study  FML.
is searching for the &quot;dislike&quot; button on Facebook for having to work on a Sunday evening. Boo! 
Is Season 8 the last season for Scrubs?? Please tell me it's not so!! 
is sedey. Ghazi demam. Might hv to cancel the shoot fr tomolo 
is seeing clouds  Gutted.
is seeing UP . i wish adam was here to watch it with me 
is selfish. 
is selling her iMac  sad day
is selling his Jaguar today in a garage sale.    I'm very sad to part with it but very excited for a new acoustic.
Is semi bored @ this lounge...argh! But I aint got nuthn else 2 do 
Is September here yet?  
is seriously bored.  http://plurk.com/p/y1sx8
is seriously bored... having the same ole' same ole' routine in the summer till go on vacations... rather boring... AaAaAahhh  save me
is seriously disgusted... why are some people such arrogant bitches?   sunday = cleaning. 
is seriously fed up 
is seriously freakin out over next week!!!!!!! cant wait till friday  n Im FREE!!!!!! oh dear ive got a dance exam 2 worry about 2!  xxx
is seriously hurt, ughhhh 
is seriously thinking about retirement from rap 
is seriously tired of writing papers: should of held off going back to school 
is seriously worried what if ........ no i wont let that thought enter my mind .i will not .   
is seriously?? Can it just be Friday already??  So exhausted and just want to know!
Is setting up twitter... now i have to find something interesting to say 
Is severly pissed off at someone right now.  
is SgMummy. Just came back from our nature outing!!! Great but my camera never charge,,, low batt half way 
is shaking and looks like death warmed up ALSO im rather concerned i have an ear infection, it hurts 
is shaking his fist like an old man @ blogs n twitter.plz help me understand these 2 or i might fail one of my course. 
is shattered and burnt red from lying in the sun all day  och, jobbies!
is shattered that Justine is out 
is shattered that shez sick.. meaning no clubbing tonight 
is shit scared for tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! math 
is shitscared by the prospect of having to pull through this week without falling sick 
is shitting it on the way to pick up Tys from ex's sis! 
is shocked to know that Rajeev Motwani passed away today. This is a sad day for Silicon Valley  RIP http://tr.im/nBNS
Is shook up from her pre-ride. One girl dislocated her shoulder, broke her elbow, and wrists. I broke my bike. 
is short of Followers 
is shy of Reshaydee... my bad..  http://plurk.com/p/z4uqt
is sick    damnit! y does my body hate me??? T-T
is sick  All I wanna do is lay in bed with hot tea but gotta work..atleast got my hot tea...
is sick  and has exams tomorrow.. this is not good.
is sick  BOO HOO... what else is there to do on this twitter; any suggestions?
is sick  but has the best boyfriend &lt;3
Is sick  Had a migraine and had to be sent home from school. Just had a 2 hour nap. I feel betterish
is sick  It has been over a week -finally giving in and going to the doctor and taking a sick day from work.
is sick  really sick
is sick  Still have to work but. Townsville next w/e!!
is sick  ugh.
is sick and cold and sick with the cold 
is sick and devastated she cant do her shifts at work! sooo  broke need money 
is sick and feeling all germy and gross 
is sick and not enjoying it 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired 
is sick and wont swim tomorrow 
is sick as anything 
Is sick at home 
is sick for the first time all year 
is sick of all this revision now  dreading 2moro and the rest of the week!!!
is sick of eating icecream 
is sick of empty promises .... 
Is sick of having no voice!!! 
Is sick of her hayfever/cold 
is sick of it here!!! 
is sick of maths 
is sick of people not listening to her and her flu jab hurts 
is sick of people that lie to get something they cant have. its not fair. i feel used.  
is sick of school. has decided that i am giving up. i don't care about school no more. i just want it done and over with 
Is sick of the damn snow 
is sick of the monotany of life!!!! theres gotta be more 
is sick of this cold weather. i feel like lying out in the sun. I hate being pale 
Is sick of this stormy weather 
is sick once again  everytime i cough my head begins to pund....and to top it off i gotta be at work tomorrow at 8AM!!! pray for me plz!
is sick to her stomach. 
is sick today.  pray i'm better soon. singing at a conference this weekend with Lance Wallnau, Cindy Jacobs, &amp; Dutch Sheets. Gonna be fun
is sick today... 
is sick watching the jacksons movie on a friday 
is sick with a cold...it's just getting worse as the day goes on. 
is sick with a sore throat right now which will turn into a cold soon enough   Around, bed soonish.
is sick with da flu  it seems like a lot of people have been sick lately!!! ):
is sick with the flue  grrrrrrr!!
is sick with worry...wishing I knew if he was ok...and of course, why would the story be on the news? Its just troops in Iraq 
is sick, just want to stay in bed all day 
is sick, pissed off, tired, depressed... you know the works. 
is sick, this makes me sad 
is sick, tired, and no where near finishing the 3 assessments due this week 
is sick.  and going back to bed.
is sick. Bring him soup. And hugs please  My man cold is extreme!
Is sick. Gah.  I hate throwing up. Hopefully I'll be better by tomorrow. I'm going to try to get some sleep, goodnight tweeters.
is sick. how fun. I need to get better. 
is sick...  MTV Movie Awards tonight/this night/tomorrow morning- don't miss it!
is sick... can't move 
is sick... cough and cold...  http://plurk.com/p/xty0i
is sick.... again.  
is sick.... cough... colds...fever...sore throat... H1N1 ?!?!!?!!  
is sick...thinks she has the swine flu 
is sick..and has to work .. what a horrible day 
Is sick-ish  I hope I don't have what everyone at work does.. Ughh
is sick-ish...not swine flu tho i promise...just a bad piece of pizza is my thoughts...but it tasted o so good!!! 
is sickk with sara. Aughhh 
is sickkk... oh and i hate every moment of fricken life and love.. 
is sighing, i wannanananana spend mohney to reduce sadness  http://plurk.com/p/ywqvy
is sill trying to recover from this damn cold!!!  Wasted the whole long weekend in bed sick as a dog 
is silly, I put in my french exam- regardant instead of concernant 
is singing &quot;everlasting love&quot;  http://plurk.com/p/ysntz
is singing the blues, waiting for the last week of High School to begin, jamming Muse, and thinking of the I most greatfully miss... 
is sittin down and is hatin the bloomin rain 
Is sitting aeound the house with my little man. About to get ill with a certain someone and i rarely get frustrated! Confused.  
Is Sitting Alone In A Very Quiet House ! 
is sitting alone in the parking lot because she is way too early for church... 
is sitting around doing nothing. I miss landon though. Sigh...  .  I beat @SheaRiley at poker! OH YAH!
Is sitting at home doing homework becasue its pee-ing it down 
Is sitting at home incredibly tired and now with a sore throat   
Is sitting at home missing her sweetheart!!!! 
Is sitting at the corner of the room, not enjoying the movie cus im very very sick 
Is sitting at the doctors  x
Is Sitting Being Sad 
is sitting here board, waiting for hubby to come home 
is sitting here lookin oooh sooo pretty...with nowhere to go!!  LOL 
is sitting here, wondering when the bbq countdown should officially start. DO I WAIT OR NOT? 
is sitting in a caravan not as nice as the newquay one and there's no surf 
is sitting in a HUGE library trying to make myself do some work! Only a month tday left..I need to get of Twitter and get working!.. fun 
Is sitting in another class. 
is sitting in class 
is sitting in class  3 freakin' hours!!! And I can't believe I was excited for this :|
is sitting in her new desk! Huhu now I'm far from my office friends... 
is sitting in the Atlanta Airport waiting on a delayed flight 
is sitting in the library on a saturday night studying optimization techniques 
is sitting in the world's most uncomfortable chair. Her back is aching and she still has six hours to go 
is sitting in work wishing I was out in the sunshine!!!  
is sitting on her magic throne thinking about two things: 1.How my mom is the best mom ever!, and 2. That I have MILLIONS of things to do 
is sitting on the tarmac in Philly due to more delays...  looks like this long travel day has been extended 
is sitting through a boring exam review session this morning @ 7am 
is sitting with a water bottle because she pulled a muscle 
is slappin the bassss. then bed. work tommorow  gnite
is sleeeppppyyy but has alot of work to finish 
is sleeping alone tonight   http://plurk.com/p/p1br2
is sleeping early tonight. ward round starts at 730 am tomorrow! 
is sleeping early, breakfast and some readings for tomorrow  on a brighter note, last two weeks of summer A ... http://plurk.com/p/z704v
IS SLEEPING NOW IM SO TIRED!!! 
is sleeping on the couch with her roommate...(and its not a fold out)...no more beds... 
Is sleepy again.   Ugh, I want to learn how to dive! http://twitpic.com/6iwxo
is sleepy and doesn't wanna go to work.  i miss my daddy.
Is sleepy and hasnt eaten all day  but hitomi is fussy so such is life blah
is sleepy and hates Tuesdays more than Mondays. blaaaaahhh 
is sleepy and is going back to bed so i can go to work tonight 
is sleepy and missing his car.  
is sleepy but have to do research... 
is sleepy but I don't wanna sleep @monicacarlina kenapa cemberut 
is sleepy work till 1 then a nap!! which sound good right now! No shuttle launch today 
is sleepy, achy and missing Mr Taff 
is sleepy. going to bed soon and driving hour tomorrow  Goodnight twitties !
is slightly heartbroken...understatement of the century. 
is slightly hungover 
Is slowly dying everyday!  and these videos about twittrer are getting annoying
is slowly figure it out twitter and ENG paper sucks  http://twitpic.com/3pbiw
Is slowly losing his money in poker.... 
Is sniffly... That's 3 times in 4 weeks  but I still love you, winter!! #fb
is so angry that all of her mail boxes keep disappearing! Some things can't be done through email! 
is so annoyed about Setanta!! It better be showing TUF tonight and 100 - i will not be watching on tape delay! 
Is so annoyed!!! just saw who won the F1 and i haven't watched it yet!! 
is so annoyed, she broke her nail right down to the nail bed 
is so bloated now  !
is so bloody cold 
is so bored &amp; doesn't know what to watch 
is so bored and attempting physics on bitesize..exams need to finish, the routine of life at the moment is unbelievable  xx
Is so bored and can not go to sleep... 
is so bored at work 
is so bored in Hawaii 
is so bored its sad 
is so bored, I want something to dooo 
is so bored. dont no wot 2 do 
is so bored. I HATE this feeling 
is so bummed that the birthday bash was cancelled, I was so excited to see @LNTweet and @JustinColeMoore!!! 
is so busy she can't keep up 
is so cold Brrr 
is so cold!!! I'm so ready to get back to London and I still have another night &amp; day!!! 
is so CONFUSED!  http://plurk.com/p/x88wx
is so confused. 
is so confused.  http://plurk.com/p/x9g2u
is so depressed n doesnt know what to do with her damn hair .. 
is so disappointed and still so owwwie   *insert pouty face here* 9/5 &lt;3
Is so disappointed in the taste of pears anymore 
is so disappointed that Emerald Tattoo was closed. 
is so disappointed that I missed Legally Blonde while it was here in Chicago...just didn't have cash 
is so disappointed.. 
Is so doped up on vicodin, and so out of it, I just passed out in the shower. Now my head hurts. 
is so drained.. i think ive got to sleep more because im tired all the time lately  i dont like it
is so effin' tired.  I need a lot of rest and relaxation.  
Is so excited about forestry tomorrow! But doesn't want sunday to come 
is so far beyond tired that it's not even funny. Back and ankle are agony too. Great start to a new term 
is so fed up of this stupid cold! 
is so freaking sick of testing! i just wish my whole singing career would take off 
is so frustrated and wants to quit.. 
is so fucked 
is so fucking too much SAD 
is so full of wind  #wind
is so glad shes free from exams  .... but is sad shes stuck in on yet another thursday night 
is so glad the weekend is here. Only one more week left of school with my kids. 
is so going to fail  http://plurk.com/p/oyje0
is so gutted right now, feel like I've had my heart ripped out mashed around and put back in 
is so hungover...working at west chester till noon 
Is so hungry, but parents are downstairs 
is so in love with Ben Mckay..but can't find any pics of him on the net!! why can't he be a more famous actor dammit?? 
is so incredibly bored 
Is so incredibly sad.    said goodbye to Rena aka Schmeeny
Is so irritated right now... Time for a hot shower and then the bed... 
is so jealous of all those people going to Pink tonight,,, I still have 20 days to wait!!! Not fair... 
is so lonely 
is so lonely   where da fellas at?????
is so lonely on twitter. I have way more people to talk to on Myspace 
is so lost on here. 
is so mad that i cant upload a picture for my profile!!!! macs are sooo confusing! 
Is so MAD. I broke my guitar string  Never mind, I'm sad. Lol saw my nephew. I am so glad I am just MYSELF.
is so miserable at work now. 
Is so missing a nite round the gay village manchester 
is so nervous about the idea of ISP's capping monthly bandwith. Not like butterflies nervous, but puking all over the desk nervous 
is so nervous about this show. 
Is so nervous about today peeps  Truly Blessed
is so not getting things done on a lazy, hot Sunday afternoon....99 degrees at 3pm  
is so not happy coz its raining and cold 
is so not wanting to go to work... and wanna know whats going on tonight  it sucks i have to work in the morning as well 
is so over english right now 
Is so proud of my pink girls, even though I am not on their team. 
is so saaad 
is so sad  :'-( http://plurk.com/p/xbfea
is so sad about the brownies  i should have set the alarm ...
is so sad coz I won't be able to watch the 2 davids on QTV!!!  ARCHIE OVEERLOAAAD!!!&lt;3
is so sad her hubby is gone!!!!! sad sad sad 
is so sad KG isn't playing... 
is so sad lauren is gone 
is so sad Rafa's not in the French open anymore.French Open's totally gonna suck without u, Rafa!!! 
is so sad she missed Allison Iraheta's live chat... 
is so sad that @katiemckenna will not travel to edison today 
is so sad that FSU Baseball isn't going to the College World Series 
is so sad that she didnt spend one more precious moment with her beagle.......  
Is so sad. I don't want you to leave baby 
is so sad. i think my laptop is broken.  and just in time for finals too!
Is so sad.... 
is so scared for tomorrow's exam  i want this crappy exam to end!
is so sick of being in the flat all by herself already! got another 3 weeks of it yet and its onli been 12 hours! nighttime is worst 
is so sick of myself + my life  i'm never going to be as good i want + need to be. xoxoxo &lt;/3
is SO sick of watching him play xbox 360  somebody humor me PLEEEEEEEEEEEASE!!!
is so sick.  i managed to fight it off for so long. Why did my body cave in now?
is so sick. my body hurtssssssssssssssssssssss. 
Is so sleepy an my back hurts so badly i'm not playin dat game in a while I'm so out of shape 
is so sleepy but cant sleep... maid expected any moment 
is SO sleepy... and hates saying goodbye   BUT, I just have one more task to accomplish today and I can relax the rest of the evening.
Is so so bored at work!! someone save me!! 
is so so frustrated that i can't go to Maddie's party  it sounds like a blast.
is so so sick right now 
is so so tired!! 
Is so sorry 
is so sorry  and praying. I cant even imagine...
is so stressed  http://plurk.com/p/vfqld
is so stressed!!  what i would GIVE to be able to work out tonight 
is so stupid it hurts.  Where the hell are my house keys?  
is so tempted to de-friend BravoTopChef... but i keep hoping spike will come back 
is so tired :|,,, first night with sleeping without her boy.. 
is so tired and sleepy, my gad second day pa lang dami na homeworks!! Arghh 
Is so tired bout to call it a night 
is so tired but really cannot sleep 
is so tired from answering the whole Chapter 1 of our new accounting book  i need some rest.... (LOL) http://plurk.com/p/11xl8t
Is so tired from being up until 3am studying for my midterm I have today! Boo  wish me luck.
is so tired I can barely keep my eyes open. I'm so busy till monday that I can barely see eating breaks. 
is so tired of working Sun!!! 
is so tired right now and still wishes he was at E3 so bad  me wanna hang out with all the booth babes and left for dead to would be cool
is so tired, she's starting to hallucinate just a little... I would laugh, but there Sony nothing ginny about being this tired! 
is so tired. even though i just woke up from a nap. 
is SO tired. going in for tutoring before test! 
is so tired. I don't want to go to work  http://plurk.com/p/12r4rb
is so tired. IM sad though we lost in the championships! 
Is so tired. Thanks Gary, Gin, Claire, David et al for robbing me of my much needed sleep. 
Is so tired. Wish I was back in Cardiff 
is so upset  i want to leave to Italy asap
Is SO upset that her little princess plum KA might be dead 
is SO UPSET that she missed her jeremy camp concert!!!!! SO UPSET!!! Stupid work 
is so very sick and just wants to be in my bed at home 
is so very sleepy... but got loads to do for man-com!! 
is so very unhappy right now. food makes everything better 
is so very worried about my mom and my older brother 
Is so wanting to give up on everything right now!! Stressed the fukk out!!! 
is soakingg wet &amp; prayin i dont get sick ugg 
is somehow getting things done. my back hurts too  ugh! isn't summer suppose to be relaxation time!?
is somewhat irritated by people coming up to me and asking if I'm so and so from TV, or that I look familiar. I thought I was original. 
is soo bored and wats notwgirl4ever to go on. 
is soo bored dunno wa to do XD sunday is a bloody boring day 
is soo bored without her brother around  Gotta go pick my check up today.......and then off to work at 4.....
is soo cold  
is soo excited i have my baby neece all week  yipppeeee! off to the docters to talk about my whiplash  ouchy
is soo nervous. Anytime...anyday...  http://plurk.com/p/z3dpe
is soo sad!!...its all starting to hit me know!! 
is soo sick...  gone to work until 130.. then i think ill nap.  Have a great monday !
is soo sleepy! had to be at work at 5:30 am with only two hours of sleep!!! 
is soo sun burnt...this is why people in scotland should wear sun cream 
is soo tired  http://plurk.com/p/11wc0a
is soo tired and its only monday  x
is soon off to the gym.. alrighty .. but too tired 
Is sooo bored !!! cant wait to see adam dribble the b ball later. dreading monday !!!! hope it never comes  xxxx
is sooo burnt out. 
is sooo full and i havvent eaten aything  stupid chocolate milkshake
is sooo gloomy. 
is sooo going back to work in half an hour  save meeee
is sooo not happy that i just threw my back out. 
is sooo proud with her bro! huhu.. he's so talentfull.. i wish i could do best like him.. 
is sooo sad to not be going to school again.. 
is sooo sick!  And going in for surgery on thursday
is sooo tired 
is sooo tired and super duper cranky!! 
is sooo tired and too busy to tweet  im glad the weekend is here... yay 4 day-weekend 
is sooo tired and wants to go to bed but the roomie wont be off work til 1am and i have her keys 
is sooo tireddd   I need a nap
Is soooo bored and freaken wants to have someone to hug  i needs a hug  xo
is SOOOO burnt  it hurtss badd. LAST FULL WEEK OF SCHOOl. !!!!!
is soooo not looking forward to today. At all. 
is soooo pissed that she more than likely won't be able to go to the transformers midnight premiere 
is soooo tired after a busy weekend with becky and then a 2 hr delay at the airport last nite 
is soooo tired after her mexican fee! going home to put my new pj's on and sleep!!! Work tomorrow 
is sooooo cold 
is sooooo nervous for her interview.... 
is sooooo over feeling sick can't wait till it goes away 
is sooooo sad right now! Someone tried to still the truck! Walk out the bowling alley and can't even start the car!  God please help!
is sooooo sad that my puppy has the kennel cough  
is sooooo sunburned i could cry 
Is sooooo sunburnt!  I can hardly walk! Hha
is soooooo cold, so very,very cold 
is soooooo disappointed 
is soooooo itchyy 
Is soooooo tired from ball hockey :| And on top on that, we lost 4-3 
is sooooooo bored!!! This can't be real life 
is sooooooo sick atm.........................feeling terrible 
is sooooooooo tired, i do not want to go to work tomrrow 
Is sore from the lake!q  
Is sore... And apologizes about not bring there on Wednesday after choir. Long story short, bad grades and parents 
is soreee and boreddd 
Is sorry for ignoring and not getting back to people. Hes Been busy with designs and organizing music for two nights this coming weekend. 
is sorry mom and dad, I'm def going to miss my Blackberry the most while I'm away 
is sorry she hadn't looked before she'd leaped.  http://plurk.com/p/uhs6w
Is sorry that he cause @jelliphish 6 pts and a huge fine  i'll be a gd boy and put on seat belts in future,promise!
is sort of mad she can now know about all these celeb's lives.. just found out ryan cabrera was down the shore at the same time i was 
Is space jam the movie of the day????? I just hate that i cant find those 11 in my size  i have xtreme small feet
is spending a lovely day in sunshine in the library. 
is spending my last night with my best friend before she leaves the country! 
is spending some quality time with janice before she has to go home 
is spending the day cleaning... 
Is spending the day in bed sick!  and apprently voiceless
is spending the night on a plane...upgraded but unsnuggled 
Is Spiderman 3 supposed to be an Emo movie? WTF, Spidy? Why did you ruin Venom? Oh, drag me to hell, please 
is ssooooo sleeeeeepppppppyyyy........ but gotta go to wk.. 
is starting a paper on homicide investigative techniques...FUN 
is starting my last fay of work....  I'm sad and excited all in one!
is starting the week with an injured ankle 
Is starting to feel amazingly emotional about next week already...... 
is starting to feel her heart breaking 
is starting to feel normal again but is sure work will kill her off tonight, as will saying bye to Nik Nak 
Is starting to feel the effects of working 2 jobs and never getting sleep 
is starting to get a sore throat! 
is starting to get bored 
is starting to hate the summer all ready. too damn hot 
is starting to panic for final exams....25th is closeeeee 
Is starting to think the pre's keyboard is a bit small for my fingers and with no auto correction for words. It's a losing battle. 
is starting to worry that you've forgotten your promise. 
is starving  waiting for mom&amp;dad to come home.
is starving but nothing looks appealing in my fridge 
is stay at campus tonight  , anyway add my MY SPACE --&gt; http://ww.myspace.com/noviant thxxxx
is stay at campus tonight  , anyway add my MY SPACE --&gt; http://www.myspace.com/noviant thxxxx
is staying home all night, and is probably going to have a boring weekend 
is staying home from church because of allergies and asthma. 
is staying home today because of the weather here in the UK 
is staying home tonight! Actually no options, babysitter cancelled! All of you have fun tonight, be safe! 
is staying home tonight.  http://plurk.com/p/vgh5s
is staying in Norwich til Wednesday now. Means an extra day with the missus but despite this, I just want to be back in the wood 
is staying inside on this beautiful Sunday  Messed up my leg @ the marina.  cant walk.  total bummer.
Is stiiilllll ill  BUT
is stil feeling sick 
Is still @ work... It never fails. Trying to get out of here, txt me 
Is still a tad hungover 
is still alone and blue  http://plurk.com/p/yzlww
Is still applying for jobs 
is still awake :o!! wtf...why the hell am i not able to sleep 
is still awake and it's 6:06am.. 
Is still awake despite having a hot milk and watching rubbish tv 
is still awake?! Too much on my mind 
is still cold  i wish it would warm up
is still confused on this twitter thing!!!! Relaxing today and back on call at 4am tomorrow! 
is still coughing 
is still craving for a cheeseburger. 
IS STILL DOING EFFING HOMEWORK 
is still doing homework. 
is still drunk and can't sleep, the room is spinning people 
is still drunk, oooooo i feel like shit 4 hours of sleep 
is still feelin low 
is still feeling a bit confussed at how i use this twitter thing 
is still feeling bad 
is still feeling feverish and heaty 
is still feeling weak  http://plurk.com/p/ubxo4
is still getting the odd cramp from sundays 70 mile cycle, much swearing involved 
is still gutted flawless didnt come top 3 
is still gutted she couldnt see diana sing last night!  but bring on halmiton park in july!
is still having a very NAUGHTY contest www.suzanne-young.blogspot.com but is so tired from writing,no twitter today.will miss her tweeps 
is still hoping Google take over the world. Algebra revision 
is still hungover.. its the worst 
is still hungry 
is still hungry!!! 
is still hurting...  http://plurk.com/p/12etwu
is still in love with Jorden and wants him back 
is STILL in the costume shop doing fittings... since 10am!  FML.
is still in the office and just realized that I have very little money left. pay day please?  http://plurk.com/p/xo1aq
is still in work 
is still knackered thanks to a certain little man!!!!  where is hayley, still can not find her 
is still laughing from yesterday at Wild Waters! But is sad she couldn't get an airbrush tattoo 
Is still looking for a job.  I have a feeling it's going to take longer than I thought.  Help 
Is still looking for a Nokia 5800 
is still looking for interviewees. Tsk.  http://plurk.com/p/xk8k9
is still looking for someone to enjoy Japan Day with me  it's tomorrow, central park, event ends 4pm!
is still not done  http://plurk.com/p/tqomg
Is still not feeling too hot  will probably spend all day @ home  doing 2 webinars and reading!
is still not feeling well  http://plurk.com/p/121fkj
is still not feeling well after taking 2 sick days from RL work  http://plurk.com/p/11ceae
is still not feeling well. will be going to the dr tom. 
is still not finishing his work. Dammit. This is getting self destructive.. 
is still on the coach, bored. And has spilt coke 
is still on the job hunt, plus this heat, man my life is really at a stand still 
Is still over by 200 words 
is still pretttttty sick  shoulda been more active to get beta haha...
is still putting all the stuff back in the attic! i am so tired right now. dont know if i can finish it!  or be asked to! so very boring!!
is still really sad about Jon &amp; Kate 
is still really sick.. so no going out for me tonight   .. hope everyone is having a good day!! &lt;3
Is still revising and its a saturday night. Bad times 
is still sad. 
is still searching for a job 
is still sick - worse than ever in fact and its really pissing me off 
is still sick!  ; man, i-pod broke! (N)
Is still sick, hate this 
is still sick. I hate it!  http://plurk.com/p/yy7du
Is still so sick   Jason is so great taking care of me.
is still so tired. What the hell is wrong with me?! 
is still sore after Saturdays training session! 
Is still sqeaky and sneezy and it sucks 
Is still stuck in the office working! 
is STILL studying  but listening to Pink so all is right with the world... for now!
is still studying at 3 in the morning.    
is still suffering from the worst stomach cramps and wants someone to take care him  ouch!
is still thinking about going to the thing in Members' Only tomorrow. grad practice in the afternoon, demmit. 
is still thinking about the pink DS lite i saw...  
is still tired of the rain 
is still trying to decide between winstanley and runshaw  xx
is still trying to figure out how twitter works. .  and still sick. . but prom on friday yay!!!!!!
is still trying to figure this out and its still not working  hehe...ox
is still trying to find a friggin hoodie. Ugh. Maybe the season is gone for a good hoodie. 
is still trying to workout wordpress 2.8 but is getting there slowly... i do however fear I may never understand the loop 
is still under the covers. I don't want to get up 
is still unsure about this whole twitter thing,...maybe it's just me! 
is still up... who knows for how long 
is still waiting  is there a reason for the non-existance of you?
is still waiting for hubs @bigdotmedia to come home...  
Is still waiting for my car 
is still waiting for news of the house sale....this could go on for weeks! 
is still waiting on the release of Skoshi for 1.2 
is still waiting to know the UK time of the OS 3.0 release 
is still with the headache 
is still working on an assignment  start school at 8:30 tomorrow till 3, then onto parent teacher interviews. finish at 6  i could u ...
is still working. sigh. loser. 
IS STOKED for the GRAND OPENING!!!, and got sun burnt, so im also tired 
is stoked for the show tomorrow! too bad everyone bailed out on me  whatever, i'm still excited for it anyways
Is stoked to see @selenagomez and @ddlovato at downtown TDot, hope my boi feels better 
is stopped up with a crappy sinus headache ... got the same junk Anthony has had all week 
Is stranded and sad. 
Is strawed out.... 
is stress out  http://plurk.com/p/111pkj
is stressed at work and is missin a certain sum1 
is stressed because my double buggy is broken so im stuck in the house  xx
is stressed now... stress stress stress... STRREEESSS  It's all gone tits up... I need my people.
is stressed out with school. 
is stressed out... Waiting to see how many deaths we will burry today 
is stressed today &amp; not having a great day 
is struggling to breathe. Eh 
is struggling to find people 
is struggling with a dodgy coffee bag &amp; UHT milk - oh the pain &amp; suffering! 
is struggling with new email address - not working happily in Outlook 
is stuck at home sick    So I am finishing up the last few touches on my ALPS book and going over calendar for rest of the term...
is stuck at home without curry 
is stuck at work  corporate slavery worsened by non existing affects of recession 
is stuck at work even though I'd rather be sleeping 
Is stuck at work on this beautiful day! 
is stuck at work. 
Is stuck in a horrible jam along Federal Highway.. 
is stuck in Baltimore for the night. 
Is stuck in history 
is stuck in horrible traffic  
is stuck in NYC traffic 
Is stuck in town until the race ends. There are no shops open. 
is stuck in work till 9pm 
Is stuck in work whilst the sun shines 
is stuck inside ..babysittin.. shud be ouwt der 
Is stuck inside working 
is stuck on the side of the road!!! 
is stuck with no wallet or money  shall have to bring in my passport and bank statement and hope that they will let me withdraw something.
is studying allllllll dayyyyyyyyyyyy..  allll alonee... 
is studying for a human geo test 
Is studying for ap placement test 
is studying for exams 
Is studying for exams..  Ohh yay Funn 
is studying for finals from now until the end. 
is studying for finals!  One more Day!
is studying for geoooooo || I hate exams  || Hey, you lookin' kinda cute!!  || Birthday in... 3-2-1 DAYS
is studying for mid year exams!!! 
is studying for science (34 pages of notes) 
is studying for this biochem exam   can't wait for this class to be done with and begin my summer
is studying for this test     
is studying hardcore for finals! 
is studying how to create a flash based website.... kakahilo  I guess I'm getting a bit older cuz It's getting hard learning new things.
is studying in the clubhouse of the condo - still no internet in my unit  http://plurk.com/p/12d8uc
Is studying. It's same old story.... 
Is studying. It's the same old story... 
Is studying... yes, on a sunday morning at college 
is studyng economy. 
is stuffed and enjoying the rain. wishin my boyfriend was here so i could cuddle with him 
Is stufffeddddd shouldn't have ate so much sushi 
is stupid  I don't know what to do next.
is suddenly swamped with work.. and hasn't charged enough billable time on her timesheet 
is suddenly thinking I've not done anywhere near enough hours this month 
is suffering from a case of the monday blues! 
is suffering from a headache 
is suffering from Back pain..it is muscle sprain, damn it is painful..can't even move easily...just lying on bed  took off from office
is suffering from crawfish regret 
is suffering from gastric acid since Saturday morning..huhuhu HELP! 
Is suffering from insomnia 
is suffering from insomnia. please let me sleep... i have to wake up for work in 4 hours 
is suffering from post download depression. think 5 days worth of hangover is kicking in 
is suffering from post holiday blues.  where is my blue skies, yellow sunset, boat trips and galfriends 
is suffering from red wine 
is suffering from some serious and sudden knee pain. Ow. 
is suffering from terrible allergies today   Can't breathe very well.
is suffering from very bad insomnia. hates slping at 5am and then having to wake up at 9am. 
Is suffering from, &quot;Lack of Internet Access&quot;, so bare with me if I don't respond as quick as I used to 
is suffering right now :| 
is suffering with the lugholes again 
is suffering,bcos of her stomachache.. 
Is summer over yet? I would settle for the knowledge of what the mess I am going to do in the next month at least..... 
is summer.... I don't want to study 
is sun burnt very bad 
is sunburned from too much time at the lake. 
is sunburnt  but i never burn!      
Is sunburnt like a mofo 
is super bored.  What can I do other than the washing...
is super bored. i wanna go out! 
is super bored.. I need a vacation/holiday. Away, away from here.. 
is super duper sad because paul is leaving to korea soon 
is super hungrrrrrry 
is super lost 
Is super sad her fav sunglasses broke... 
is super sad to learn that a fellow employee passed this morning... im praying for her and her family 
is super tired 
is super tired and kinda sick 
is SUPER tired and worn out....NOT COOL!!! 
is super upset 
is super worried and stressed out now  http://plurk.com/p/11xz5z
is superly boring 
is super-queasy from pain meds. 
is superr tired.  woke up early, did the laundry, attended to 7 pesky kids. yea. i'm tired.  http://plurk.com/p/12kds0
is supposed to be at a party, but ate so much i cant move 
is supposed to be at practice at 645 for graduation. i am not tired.. 
is supposed to be home alone for the whole of today but they've not gone, GET OUTTTTTTTTT 
is supposed to work for university but the construction sight close by makes contant noise 
is surfing web at work for perfect father's day gift while mad that they discontinued my favorite expresso at Startbucks! 
is surprised at how expensive the Open Air Theatre is 
is surprised at J&amp;K+8 divorce filing, even though everyone saw it coming. I was hoping they were announcing counseling. 
Is surviving a busy day at work, but not looking forward to sleeping alone tonight 
is sweating like a fuckin pig! oklahoma is so hot and dry 
is sweating like a whore in church ... God, I feel like it's hotter then the sun right now 
Is sweepy tired 
is taaayyyuurrd. i dont wanna got training today 
Is takin his baby to the shop....... hope he is ok 
is taking @tranimal18 to the airport 
is taking a break from playing halo with my brother to twiiter..and do her science hw 
is taking a breather. so nervous.... 
Is taking a nap before more whomework.... 
is taking a sick day. I feel awful... Snot filling my head. 
is taking another walk - I really wish I didn't feel like my skin was trying to crawl off my body 
Is taking care of a sick kid.  
is taking care of his sick mother today. 
is taking her little Sky home to rest. 3 weeks of meds to come now that she has lymes. 
is taking her poor ass running and tanning ... Berry sad Colbie Callait had to be expensive 
is taking her sissy to college 
is taking misery to a whole other level... im bored to the point of insanity   never thought i'd say it but I WANT TO GO BACK TO COLLEGE
Is taking off. Goodbye New York and everyone dear. 
is taking Taylor to the vet for quarantine 
Is talking to a friend on the phone, tweeting, and IMing with a friend. Multitasking means I don't honor anyone, least of all me. 
is talking to cuzzy on the phone. You know that thing before facebook, myspace &amp; this thing. Wait she's off now 
is talking to her daddy and waiting for her hubisan to come home. I hate late night shifts.  Hurry 'honey bunny'!
is tanning; work in a few hours 
is teaching summer school 
is teary eyed b/c of a horrible toothache 
is teething, and it hurts a little 
is terrible at saving money.. 
is terribly sick and suffering from laryngitis  =^.^=
is terribly sick. Boo! 
is terrified about her chem regent 
is testing dextrose.  Sometimes being a chemist really sucks. 
is testing the internet 
is 'tGi' Friday and my working day is over ...... Roll on Bedtime !!! please day be over soon... its been a rough one 
is that a bnp seat in yorks and humber? 
is that E3 done for the day? i need the schedule!!! good job MS, twas very impressive but i was disappointed with no FIFA 10 stuff 
Is that frozen dinner upset my tummy  maybe not such a good idea. Time for bed. Night night. Working 8 to 5 tomorrow.
is that just her face? And no , trust me, I AM being polite 
Is that the rain? AGAIN? 
Is that the time? I'm gonna have to go soon!! this sucks big time  my bed is too comfy lol
is the @nkotb 2010 cruise really going on sale next month?!  Grateful, but HOLY CRAP! that's soon!  I really wanna go!
is the asian version of Mr Toad and paid for it today! 
is the chinese fonts...looks bad  http://plurk.com/p/rbo0n
Is the designated driver 
Is the dude playing with me? 
Is the iPhone's USB cable covered by warranty? Mine is starting to &quot;crumble&quot; where the cable meets the USB plug. 
is the La Canada Flintridge County Library.  Come visit, LCers.
Is the Manila NIN show really seated?  That won't be much fun, will it? Still excited anyway. Haha. Hopefully getting tickets soon.
Is the PFC chat down for anyone else? i am getting really upset that i can't talk to my parafamily.                   
Is the problem really just the money? I think Europe lacks startup cohesion  http://tinyurl.com/cz74s8
is the public enemy... 
is the Red Wings game over yet? I miss my bb @zestylime 
is there a known issue with PageMethods and caching? something ain't right, maybe been looking at code for too long 
Is there a limit on what one should do for a friend?? I guess I won't be having an early night after all 
'Is there a lot of coffee left?' - 'Yeh there's a lot left' - grabs mug - 'Not anymore!'     Doh. I never get the first pot  of coffee! 
Is there a particular reason Ellsbury was dropped to 8th in the order? 
Is there a reason 2 different groups of people yelled rude things at me in the parking lot? 
Is there a software where my brush strokes will look smoother?  Adbobe makes em look hard.
Is there a software where my brush strokes will look smoother?  Adobe makes em look hard.
is there a stickam going on that isn't private? i'm bored. 
Is there an event at Waikiki shell today?traffic in Waikiki 
Is there any music cafe in sg? I wanna drink... 
Is there any way I could get more followers? Should I put funny quotes or funny things that happen or what I'm doing? I need help 
Is there any way to get in_reply_to details in the search API? If not, this project just became substantially more annoying. 
Is there any wordpress blog experts on here? I need some serious help with my blog  It's totally messed up.
is there anything left for liverpool ? 
Is there going to be any escaping big brother for the next ?? weeks.. 
Is there just me now 
Is there not some kind of over night diaper for a 5 month old? Tyson had a HUGE load waiting for me this morning and his pjs were wet 
Is there some place where I can watch both the stars on the red carpet &amp; the entire MTV Movie Awards??! I missed it sadly 
Is there something wrong with me? Just saw disgusting pizza burger on This Is Why You're Fat . Made me feel hungry  http://bit.ly/4k9rH
is think oh no one of my certificate's has been lost  not gd............. i need it by 2moz......... its all colleges fault ;)
is thinkin about cuttin her hair again! sidenote miss being caked up! 
is thinkin abt n missin you. rip myesha   the good always die young *smh*
Is thinkin another year gone and stil in a loveless marriage treated like poo. But what choice do i have? 
is thinkin i should of called in cause im not in the mood to deal with customers bs today.. Ugg this crap seemd to be goin round my job 
is thinkin losing all her energy slowly... 
is thinkin right bout this time with lightnin n thunder storm it b nice 2 have a boi 2 cuddle with 
is thinkin she has a boring night ahead with food as her only comfort saying as the telly is rubbish!  xoxox
is thinking - how boring when i leave Ann Summers i wil just be Carol 
Is thinking &quot; He just chew me out. LOL&quot; Thanks Mr. Mentor 
is thinking &quot;until when she can survive with the 'JB-KL-JB' weekly routine!&quot; Her mind &amp; body just couldn't take it anymore! 
is thinking about &quot;how being rich &amp; famous?&quot; and enjoying her life... I know what i want to, but it's easier said than done 
is thinking about a career change 
is thinking about her... i dont want her to be sad... 
is thinking about him again tonight.   I know some time needs to pass before we can be in the same &quot;place&quot; again, but it still hurts. 
is thinking about my books.(My mom hid it) 
Is thinking about Robert.... I CANT get him off my mind, for months now...... I wish I knew him 
is thinking about taking her tongue stud out.. because it hurts + ulcers 
Is thinking about the drive 2 Nashville 
is thinking about you 
is thinking booooo.. hisssss.. Mondays 
is thinking Gina food poisoned her... and if she didn't... then Penni is very very not feeling well 
IS thinking hell yes my last exam today shame im gonna fail 
is thinking how much earlier do I have to go to wor tomorrow to catch up on last weeks stuff and today's bookings? So so busy 
Is thinking I just screwed up a friendship 
is thinking it is bed time, got hosp tomorow woo 
is thinking its a little retarded that Gary is working almost 12 hours today 
is thinking its not so much fun watching this alone 
is thinking its so hard when your in love that one person and they are in love with someone else 
Is thinking its super got and is starving and is burning up 
Is thinking no Nadal vs. Federer for this years Wimbledon final 
is thinking of buying a new earphones today. Sobrang laspag na kasi yung luma ko  http://plurk.com/p/z6qhy
Is thinking of her big sister having surgery today.....  
is thinking of making an appointment for the doctors  i look ridiculous 
is thinking of my little girl today. Two years since we said goodbye to our princess Sophia  www.justgiving.com/runningforbliss
is thinking of starting a new fic on walford edge. paranormal isn't really cutting it for me 
is thinking she is going to pull an all nighter in order to finish the project! 
is thinking some of her friends are very good friends after all 
is thinking that laying down sounds nice....but I don't like the idea of sleeping while Dave flies over the Atlantic.  *sniff*
is thinking that the weather is too cold for almost July 
is thinking the #F1 was a great race. R.I.P Silverstone 
is thinking they'd all be better off 
is thinking this work is not going tooo dooo itself!!!!  and doesn't feel tooo great :'(
Is thinking ubertwitter is fucked!! Bberry's need a decent twitter app!  maybe I should make one........
is thinking what is the world going to 82 year woman gets beaten in broad daylight 
is thinking whether to balik kampong over the weekend for a follow up. but that would mean skipping rachel &amp; dharsh's party. decisions.. 
is thinking why does noone reply to me! lol  x
is thinking, in 12 hours i'll be at the airport. this is emotionalllll 
is thinking. I should take a nap, but I can't cause I'm at work. Woe is me. 
is thinking. throat really hurtsss 
is thinking: should i or should i not????? 
is thinkingggg hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm :S 
Is this a fucking joke?!?! So fucking tiny place! Seriously!!! Were like 10m away from the screen   http://twitpic.com/6s26l
is this kinda like bebo? im confused 
IS THIS REALLY SUNNY CALI? NO SUN UGH 
Is this Silverstones last F1 race event? I hope not! 
is this some sort of warning?  'cause i couldn't live without it...
Is this Warped Tour the last tour? I'm pissed. 
Is this week over yet?? 
Is this whole thing true about people unsubscribing to Fred? If it is then shame cos i actually feel bad for him...youtubers are mean  !!!
Is thrilled the Lakers won! Just wish my gig had cable so I could have watched it!  lol
is thrown his english coursework out of the window, it now sits in a murky puddle 
is tidying her room which looks a little bit like a squat 
is tidying more boxes - when will it ever end 
is tierd after a day at work  whoo got 2 days off now 
is tiiiired, but has to go to the doctor's in less than an hour for her physical. 
Is time running out? 
is tinatamad magbasa ng plurk at magrespond.   (bye) http://plurk.com/p/vhk8s
Is tired   Thank goodness I've got tomorrow off
is tired  household stuffs (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/x7uag
is tired  http://plurk.com/p/x9u0j
is tired  http://plurk.com/p/xvnzz
is tired  maybe relaxation is in the near future.
is tired  xx
is tired after a couple of nights up with a little boy with ear infections. 
is tired after being up with my daughter all night with sickess and fever  Lots of coffee today...
is tired after driving to lcct~ lost her way thr as well~  
is tired and feeling slightly ill still  sleeeeep
is tired and frustrated at so many things 
is tired and hungry...need to fix my hair. 
is tired and I have a headache 
Is tired and need to sleep but can't. I hate that 
Is tired and pissed at Kim and Joyce for being boyfriend and girlfriend :| wishes he has Tabby wrapped in his arms right now 
is tired and sad 
Is tired and sick of everything. Oxford is calling but not until tomorrow 
Is tired and teary after only 4 hours sleep and a night of stomach pain 
Is tired but can't go back to sleep 
Is tired but cant take a nap 
is tired but doesnt want to go to bed knowing that i have to wake up and revise tomorrow  5 dayssss!
is tired but has had a fun weekend.... tomorrow school 
Is tired but is not able to sleep  not something I enjoy at all
is tired but needs to go out  http://plurk.com/p/124h1s
is tired from class  but work 5-close. boohoo!
is tired from typing...the prof talks too fast  @patriciafu i see that @jzchen19 has been tempting you.. haha
is tired from work  wat should i do ino go take mii dog 4 a walk lol
is tired from yesteday's workout still.  Can't sleep at work, though.  
is tired heading to bed work tommorow 6 till 10 30  booo
Is tired helping mom wth her work....phew!      
is tired if ppl shit talking 
is tired in work 
Is tired little man was up at 5am 
is tired looking for some ingredients in RC 
is tired of being bored and so bored it got me tired 
is tired of being sick 
is tired of being trumped. 
is tired of flowchart Kens 
is tired of looking at his shattered glass stove top. 
Is tired of saying goodbye. 
is tired of studin ;( stupid exams 
is tired of summer already 
is tired of this hard drive fiasco 
is tired of waiting forever for ships that don't come in 
Is tired of working. Getting fustrated!     #BSB
is tired physically and mentally. On the other hand,I'm hungry too  Whatever I eat seems to end up in the toilet bowl -___-
is tired today boo 
is tired with her Accounting subjects 
is TIRED!!!! and hungry! cause that food was nasty at that restaurant 
is tired, and cold, and sore 
is tired, at home watching tv. Marvin has to close  i guess i'm alone for most of the night...sigh.
is tired, autocad, atleast i trieeedddd 
is tired, bored and doesn't know what to do with her life!!  x
is tired, sick, restless and can't sleeeeeeeep..grrarr 
is tired, tired, tired, I work &amp; I work and there is no money left 
is tired. 
is tired.  http://plurk.com/p/rd5o7
is tired. Insomnia again last night! 
Is tired... Of everything 
Is tired...long day 
Is tired.drunk on the nightbus home 
is tiredd.. i want my bed.. 
is tireddddddd. want to sleep but i have an assignment to finish and an exam tomorrow to study for 
is tlkin to a friend frm uni for 3hr straight nw and stil is, bt reali sleepy. 
is to crazy to wake up 5:30 n then to go to the school n be 8 hours working!! IS TO CRAZY!! n this week I'll have FINALS EXAMS! :|     ='(
is to to to to hot  hate this weather sometimes
Is today like dont to ruben day or what? 
is today off and is home alone  coz gary is a gay boi and didnt wanna come to colchester!
is today went from great to absolutly horrible   http://plurk.com/p/11he8o
is too addicted to the internet. 
is too exhausted to take another shower before bed.  definitely lovedd watchin bron-bron play tonight though ;-) mmmm.
Is too hot! 
Is too hot...again (what is with this weather?!) and incredibly frustrated...arghhhh still 3 more days though 
Is too mad that the magic lost! 
is too mentally knackered to look for cock today 
is too old to party until 4am! 
Is Too Tired To Function 
is too tired to function properly.. 
is too tired to tweet 
is too warm to sleep. ahhh, i'm not happy 
is toootally bummed for toootally missing lunch wit relatives 'cos of work! Fambam FAIL! 
Is torn between the lesser of many evils at tomorrows election... 
is torn between two choices 
is totally buggin' out now that I have to learn the new Cision online.  Feel powerless without the old version that i know so well 
is totally bummed that he might have to lose Uverse when he moves...don't wanna go back to Time Warner.  
is totally bummed up with a crappy cold 
is totally buzzin'... and I have to work to tomorrow  Boo...
is totally digging this nocturnal thing... and is SO sad to be working her last floorset shift tonight 
is totally forgot I have to meet Mrs. B....this Mon.  http://plurk.com/p/11n1ec
Is totally knackered! Didn't get to sleep till about 3  What the hell is going on?
Is Totally Not ready and looking forward to this Maths exam tomorrow 
Is totaly embarassed ....  Omg
is travelling home, boring tbh 
is trippin out . Its to good to be true . 
is truckin home with my tanker boy! wishin someone else n thier dog was w us tho 
is truly over being sick. I just want to feel better 
is tryin to figure out this twitter malarkey and misses certain people alot 
is tryin to prepare myself for 1 hard &quot;good-bye&quot;. Gonna miss my Bry!!  
is tryin' to sleep but just can't seem to get there. 
is trying hard to control my &lt;3. i have a feeling soon it will be hurting a little bit 
is trying hard to stick to a budget...because since hardly anyone wants piano lessons in the summer...I make nooo money!!  
is trying hard to study, but all i wanna do is sleep! 
is trying not to freak out about not being able to get an ortho appointment before July 1... 
Is trying not to worry...but it's one of the hardest sins to stay away from 
Is trying out the new #tweetdeck #iPhone #app, thanks to @anthonycoppedge! Could not create an acceptable PW for syncing. 
is trying to add new songs to my iPod, BUT my computer is being such a hassle. 
is trying to be amusing. I canâ€™t make you laugh can I 
is trying to book tickets to Terminator for tomorrow night but the Odeon website doesn't work properly 
is trying to call someone from HK but he not picking up 
is trying to catch a wounded bird outdoor, but he's even too fast for me 
is trying to continue to be patient and see who and what God has/wants for me.....But it's getting kinda hard  But I'm Blessed!
Is trying to cover up her bruises by applying more fake tan. Don't think this is a winning formula 
is trying to do her english essay... I NEED CHOCOLATE 
is trying to figure out his new toy. 
is trying to figure out how to post my pic....damn puter or page wont let me! 
is trying to figure out how to use twitter 
is trying to figure this out...and find all her friends 
Is trying to figure this shit out. But believes that Zach is too stuck up to help me  what a dousche!
is trying to find all of his old  twitter friends, since he had to create a new account. Old one reminds him of Kirsten 
is trying to find sum friends...lol...only hav 1 
is trying to find the motivation to get out of this house and to the gym. booooo. 
is trying to finish an essay but has no motivation  but yay for only 8 more days 
is trying to finish paying the bills online...one problem...my bank is updating! 
is trying to finish the final thesis. this nite. 
is trying to fix her laptop but cant be botherd - needs some company 
is trying to get a decent breathe. I hate being sick! 
is trying to get a picture up but cant do it 
is trying to get over the loss of Evans 
Is trying to get ready 4work in the dark! 5 hrs n no AC. 
is trying to get things together - so tired.  Rain+work+general boredom=unhappy Chris  
Is trying to get Zoe to sleep a little longer... No success. 
is trying to go back to sleep....but the thoughts in my head won't let me... 
is trying to have fun but just feels awkward and crappy instead. thinking it's time to head home. 
is trying to help her external hard drive feel better.  My poor, poor, external hard drive 
Is trying to keep out of this Texas heat  yuck!...
is trying to keep warm tonight , also thinking about those who'll fall victim to the streets tonight 
is trying to load up a pic of me but not working :S 
is trying to look to the big picture, but boy its hard to some days 
is trying to make someone feel better, but didn't work.  http://plurk.com/p/xnl8o
is trying to quit a bad habit! 
is trying to recover from a damned 4.45 am shift. 
is trying to relax and is missing her mommy!!! 
is trying to relax. Disappointed that the panic attacks seem to be trying to resurface. I've done good for at least a month, I think! 
is trying to revise but not doing very well 
is trying to revise for maths on monday  x
Is trying to revise, but failing. Gosh this exam tomorrow is going to go horribly wrong. 
is trying to set up her phone with twitter but its not workin 
is trying to shake off this damn hangova 
Is trying to sleep at this time a friday evening... Fucking BACH...I'm too tired 
is trying to soothe her rudolf nose. 
is trying to start studying again in this *gulps, horrifying hot weather 
is trying to stay up but.. my eyes are burrrning... 
is trying to study science, final today 
Is trying to study. End sems in fricking ONE day! 
is trying to take care of every little detail before my two week trip. Wk1 - Macy, NE for ministry trip. Wk2 - WLS camp! I'm doomed... 
is trying to take pictures.. 
is trying to think straight. Logically. But is failing 
is trying to work despite the cold/flu thing still attacking him 
is trying to write an anthropology speech on structuralism, key work TRYING 
is trying VERY hard to get rid of this headache... but this headache is trying VERY hard to become a migraine.  
is trying very hard to hold back tears.  - http://tweet.sg
is tryna make christina watch high school musical with me..but she won't 
is turning in early. Tomorrow's her first day at work. I miss him so much I feel odd 
Is tweeting by peer pressure 
is twitter broke?  I can't follow anyone back 
IS TWITTER FIXED! I went to bed a bit sad last night 
Is Twitter giving out gold and platinum plaques? Twee.E.T or M.Tweet.V Awards perhaps? My Facebook fam has me on a milk carton. 
is twitter is down again.......... 
Is Twitter the launching platform for a new species of genetically modified cat? Does'nt sound very cuddly 
is twittered out. 
is twitteris really confusing 
is twitterless... 
is uber bummed.  Her XBox 360 has the red ring of death 
Is UF graduation this weekend too? Hella people on the friggin road so I can't ride out 
Is ufc the mixed martial arts? Cuz I love watching that stuff- its awesome. Now its morning and it's not on anymore, nor am I home. 
is ugh. fml.  hoping for a good weekend.
is under pressure and she needs help 
is unfollowing people who tweet a thousand times a minute. 
is unfortunately back from Nicaragua 
Is unfortunatly gettin ready to go to school 
is unhappy about the fake Wentworth Miller Twitter account 
is unnecessarily intoxicated and sruff 
is unpacking my beach bag 
Is unsure as to why, but keeps waking up in a dead panic. But is very tired.... 
is up  might as well do laundry and pack.
is up &amp; getting ready then Going to Amanda &amp; Stevens Wedding! Missing my Buggie  Wishing my life would look up! Love you MOM!
is up &amp; going to class  do i have to??
is up and back to work after a week off  bad times
is up and getting ready for work..... 
is up and has a bad headache 
Is up and has one hell of a headache no good at all. 
Is up and moving around trying to get this house picked up so i can clean carpets... abscess tooth and all 
is up and out....this gloomy weather is making me lazy 
is up and ready for a whole day piano teaching in this weather!! Bad times  Still, all money goes towards my Tenerife holiday!
Is up and really not wanting to go to work! Why do I work on the nice days? I'm off Thursday and it's supposed to Rain  Not Fair!
Is up and totally tired and soo not looking forward to colege the worst day ever 
is up and virus hunting 
Is up at 5 in the morning with ear problems  I hate summer colds
is up at ridiculous time of the morning, what is going on with my body clock, also missing my favourite leicesterionians 
Is up at stupid 4:30 again. grrrrr. So much for sleeping through the night. 
is up at stupid o'clock n there's no sun 
is up early again and getting back on the diss! why dont laptops work in the sun 
is up early agan 
is up early and got a long day ahead 
Is up early and nt feelin well 
is up early for studying  fml
is up early on his week off and it's raining 
is up early tomorrow to go the hospital but cant sleep 
Is up early yet again 
Is up early.  The cell phone woke me up. Leaving later today to go home 
is up far to early 
is up feeling like death adn wondering why as she only had 2 soft drinks last night  blood shot eyes too not good 
is up for TTT without Nobby  Lol
is up home and ill 
is up in 6 hours and 10 minutes...you do the math 
Is up late editing. Me tired and lonely. 
Is up now 
is up really early. I couldn't sleep because the big egg-sized mosquito bites REALLY hurt. Nothing is helping against them so far. 
is up so early! 
is up so early! Time for some breakfast then little cousins communion. I wish someone was up and would text me to keep me company. 
Is up too early on a saturday. And is now waiting in the rain. Its cold outside.  wondering if the grill out is even gunna happen with ...
is up waaaay too early 
Is up way to early for a saturday  though its nearly my weekend!
is up way too early, en route to orlando...doubt there will be time to see Mickey 
is up while the rest of the family sleeps!  No church today d/t a funeral 
is up with Haydn, who is not feeling well...  
is up with the worst headache everr 
is up, and despite 11 hours of sleep is still very tired 
is up, has been up all night, suffering from Insomnia...Hopefully I can be productive today with no sleep. 
is up. At nine. On a weekend. Without an alarm. When she went to bed at one.  I need moar sleep!
is up... but isn't sure what to do today?  Cleaning I guess   It could be worse   http://tinyurl.com/2w9lbr
is up.....everyday it gets later and later 
is updating an old ipod...sad...i miss my orange nano 
is updating myspace but finding it diff! 
is upp..  jay and kayden down 2nite (: ...x
Is UPS like the cable company and doesn't show up til the last possible moment? I'd like to take a nap before school gets out 
is upset 
is upset , peoples past can make you wonder things u wish u had never thort about  x
is upset @ my situation  -im sick- cpa exam is in less 2 wks- im tired- ive missed out on so much already-my wallet is still gone &amp; more
is upset about the whole GM thing. life as i know it is so screwed up
is upset and annoyed 
is upset at the litto tiny baby daisy 
is upset because his plans for tomorrow are getting broken 
Is upset because she might not be allowed to go see mcfly in July 
is upset cause i am not at the pussycat dolls and lady gaga concert 
is upset coz her bunny died  and she loved him way to much and she misses him 
is upset cus he cant go to the pool party 
is upset i can't write twats on socialvibe 
is upset New Kids have cancelled there tour! To Oz!!!! 
is upset that @cassyecky  hasn't been on twitter lately. Where r u?i miss u 
is upset that H&amp;M is not coming to singaporeee.. 
Is upset that her mom ate the brownies her special education class she taught made for her. 
is upset that I can't get the new iTouch software update because I have a 1st generation touch 
is upset that i got lost leaving Bowie. 
is upset that she didn't get to suck face last night, stupid thrush, unless I find a hottie in Germany or Romania, 2 more weeks kiss free 
is upset that the Jonas Brothers account on YouTube got suspended... 
is upset that the sun woke me up...  it was right in my face... like seriously?! FTW.
is upset that Torres won't be playing against Newcastle because of his hamstring injury. 
Is using her old motorola phone cause the new one is all broke !  damn
Is using the Google Street View. Man, I can see our house from it! Too bad there's nothing on the Philippines. I want to visit Taft Ave. 
Is v v tired after a manic weekend 
Is veging out today, with broken DVD player  , oh well, I'll find something to do.
is verry bored need sumit to do 
is very annoyed and disappointed from one friend 
Is very annoyed as he only has 6 followers, makes him feel depressed 
Is Very Bored 
Is very bored at work ... No clts want to c me!  actually ... Thts gd! Some quiet time to catch up on work! Woop
is very bored being stuck in doors  x
is very bored study leave is schnit and rihanna is nickin my biscuts   they were bought for me but no she has to nick them 
is very bored, no one from the usual group is here  aloneeee
is very boreeeed. whats wrong with you?  http://plurk.com/p/12k8hg
is very disappointed that cadbury chocolate blocks got smaller 
is very excited to be twittering away on twitter but does not have very good twittering skills yet or many twitter buddies 
is very hungry  http://plurk.com/p/125t80
is very hungry but only has couple chunks of meat to eat for the day  http://plurk.com/p/13x7eu
Is very jealous of his wife who has 2 months off for summer vacation.  
Is very lonely already 
Is VERY misunderstood 
is very nervous, waiting for testresults of my mums liver-scan  
is very pagod  GOSH.  i want to sleep forever.
Is very sad 
Is very sad about Jon and Kate! 
Is very sad right now  i hate life!
is very sad that @bloodcarnage left   
Is very sad that im a celebrity is over 
is very sad to be leaving mydeco today 
is very sad to be leaving ohio  i love u guys so much!
is very sad to see that the rain created a ravine through her freshly planted grasses  how am i gonna fix that?!? ugh!!
is very sad... get well soon my beloved Cik Bibah.. 
is very sad.... Danny Gokey didn't make it to the finals   His goodbye performance actually made me cry!
is very sick 
is very sick of this RE coursework...its too long 
is very sleepy. and not wanting it to be worktime. 
is very sore from going to the gym last night  But I know it will be worth in in the long run!!
is very tired 2 exams down 18 to go 
Is very tired and cold and sick 
is very tired and doesn't want to clean anymore 
is very tired of all the bs going on... 
is very under leveled in Mother 3 and needs to grind up to at least level 50.  That's 20 levels away.  
is very unhappy  and just wants to go home.
is very unlucky cause my right eye wos full with messed up eyeliner and i wos sitting in front of the guy i like  how embarassing
Is very upset because I set my alarm for the wrong 4:30 and missed the sunrise 
is very upset, Ryan Kwanten was NOT on Kimmel, neither was Rosanne Barr. stupid cable info. 
is very very bummed that Fox didn't renew *Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles* for a third season.         
is very very burnt. i didnt intend to be out so long!!! well not in direct sunlight anyhow 
is very very hungry... la pa lunch!  http://plurk.com/p/u9q0f
is very very poor! 
Is very very sad today as one of the lights in her life has gone out  dear little Magic = Jack Russell extraordinaire)has departed age 14
is very very sad!!!! her vmc class is coinciding with her cousin's ring ceremony... 
Is very very tired and really doesn't want to go to maths 
is very very very happy Miley is touring the UK!!!!!!!    But sad because besties party is cancelled! 
is very very very sad because her parrot is dead.... 
Is VERY worried about TayTay he's sick  I HOPE he gets well &amp; feel better &amp; back to his old self VERY soon ;-)
is very, very, very, very, infinately jealous of @emmielovegood.  lol
is visiting Mr. Taub, 84yo Romanian Holocaust survivor. Helped him write his bio/fam history a while back. He is very ill.  #familyhistory
is waaaah i want to buy this kaso kulang pa points ko  http://tinyurl.com/lkju2e http://plurk.com/p/126531
Is wachting heroes getting well in to it and got work in a bit so will have to stop wachting then 
Is waitin for th break down service as somethin fallen of my car. I've got my hot water bottle with me. Feel such a twat 
is waiting 4 my pizza 
is waiting 4 the bus!!! i got a social studies final 2day!! 
is waiting around for something that i feel like won't be happening anytime soon.  as a side note, #familyforce5 . is. amazing.
Is waiting at the dentist 
is waiting for a biochemistry professor with a friend. Feet hurting.  http://plurk.com/p/13r0hc
is waiting for a delivery with the sky reception messed up 
is waiting for ate ches to finish her kaekekan so we will go to school na. marami nag wait sakin dun  http://plurk.com/p/117wmr
is waiting for BB .. hurry up will u 
is waiting for Dave to call, while washing out her swollen red eyes 
Is waiting for dinner why is nobody home yet 
is waiting for GP - what a silly fracas - and all cos mosley is a twat 
Is waiting for her family to get in from out of town ... hopefully cody will be okay 
is waiting for her ferry back to Athen.. It's time to bid goodbye to Mykonos and Santorini 
is waiting for his slow computer so that he can go see a customer...bored  #fb
is waiting for hubby to get home from work. 
is waiting for it to snow 
is waiting for Kristin's call.... need to go out.. they're driving me nuts... 39... 39... 39 days left... still too long 
is waiting for my guys to get back from Blockbuster! Junie will get on then no internet for me 
is waiting for surprise  http://plurk.com/p/1213mq
is waiting for the day to end 
is waiting for the hospital to fone, so i can have my scan 
is waiting for the next 545 bus because the bike rack was full. 
Is waiting for the scrappers to come to pick up his old Saab 
Is waiting for the summer weather to come back  i want my jandals back on
is waiting for the SUN to come out instead of all the rain 
is waiting for the train. mmm i hate trains  slipknot is such good company.
is waiting for Tony to pick me up from work......he is always late 
Is waiting in line to leave for civilization -so sad  - AMAZING #Roo weekend!!!!
is waiting in the longest line at walmart. Ever 
Is waiting patiently for this day to be over 
Is waiting to board her flight back to Toronto... Noooo! I'll miss u NYC!!! 
is waiting to go home!!! i hate work!!! 
Is waiting to go to work 
is waiting to go to work... 10pm-4:30am 
is waiting to have dinner with Martin before he leaves 
is waiting to leave this place...only to sit in traffic 
is waiting to see if some notes script runs in under 10 mins or hangs my machine. 7 mins to go. I have a feeling it has already crashed 
Is waking up with boys everywhere but none of them are mine 
Is walkn 2 da dentist in this sexy reggae reggae weather!! Buh Is pisd have to pay 20 quid for a chck u wish I was still a yute  lol
is wallowing in self pity 
is wallowing.  http://plurk.com/p/tptsm
is wanderin y she did wot she did  very bad times
is waning this headache of mine to go away soon! 
is wanting cabbage with her pot roast. But no cabbage 
is wanting to add kandace on twitter but cant 
is wanting to be at PRIDE  working from 3 - 10:30 then idk what, partying? sho is...lol
Is wanting to get intouch with amy but she isnt onlinee 
is wanting to go back to sleep,but cant seem to do so. rawrr 
is wanting to go out but can't right now. sucks being sick  also sucks not having any1 my age to hang out with in this city...
is wanting to go to Glastonbury and regress into my youth but work has spoilt that too 
is wanting to read more New Moon but cant cause im at work 
Is washing his plates then off upstairs to get ready for school 
Is washing off her pretty face 
is wasting a day in Moscow feeling sick 
Is watched snapped these bitches krazy. My kinda show. But I'm pissed I lost my sonic boom nail polish 
Is watchin BETJ thinkin damn I miss doing hair shows 
is watchin movers pack up my house 
is watchin the tyra show and tlkin on the phone... i miss my ucf family  someone come get me puhh-leaseee
is watching &quot;Defiance&quot;, what a terribly sad film 
is watching &quot;Sicko&quot; and is utterly digusted with this country... 
is watching &quot;Wall Street&quot;, and realizing that since it is on a movie channel she won't get a potty break 
is watching 8 Mile. Unfortunately Paul was sent to bed 
is watching a documentary bout th most hated family in th USA...Jesus is all bout love, ppl like this r nt frm God - its nt th truth 
is watching a hayley/noah fan video and i'm almost crying. i miss noah 
is watching a sobering #Oprah covering staggering new homelessness in Sacramento. wow. 
is watching American dreams such a good show why did they have to cancel it 
is watching angel eye and needs to work on my paper drag  its so boring blah blah blah
is watching Ben clean his car, and has a really big headache 
is watching bring it on on abc family and REALLY wants to see the JONAS premiere tonight, but i dont have disney channel, it blows. 
is watching cruel intentions, my sunday has been real dry today 
is watching 'Dollhouse'.....i miss 'Buffy' 
is watching extreme home make over and has a bad tummy ache 
is watching friend install OS 3.0 on his iphone ... oh how i feel left out  ..unless ??? #squarespace
is watching Glawster  getting chewed up and spat out by Cardiff.   Glad I'm in the pub and not at Twickenham.
is watching Gunslinger Girl 110, after having missed a large amount of episodes  probably last seen was 80+ i don't remember ;-:
is watching her bestfriend's graduate high school. And its harder than i thought 
is watching his Seattle peeps giving it a shot in 'So you think you can dance'... and thinks the lack of vitamin D really shows 
is watching hollyoaks looking after her poorly cat  xxx
is watching hollyoaks suffering with a bad head 
is watching Iron Chef America... secret ingredient is the olive... I think I just threw up in my mouth a little... actually a lot... 
is watching it's on with alexa chung and just found out @asherroth won't be there today 
is watching Jay Leno's last show... 
is watching Jon &amp; Kate: Twisted Fate  I have a feeling this is going to make me sad...
is watching Juno by herself. because @gobecca left her!! 
is watching kathy griffins new special. oh i wanna be a gay comedy symbol 
is watching Made of Honor and missing my MOH  I am ready to see her again real soon.
is watching ouran high school host club!   annnnd preparing for school tommorow 
is watching panaroma, it's about rhys jones. the boy that died by getting shot. it's quite sad. 
Is watching Primeval toight coz i didnt watch it last week  thank god it is repeating it! and it's the last episode! that's not good!  â™¥
Is watching reruns of gilmore girls, why do they always pull the plug on the good shows! 
is watching scrubs... cant believe theres no more new episodes ever! 
is watching so you think you can dance &amp; wipeout!! also studying for my math final on friday  hope we get a storm tonight 
is watching South Park with Alex. My nose is still all sniffly.  Darn.
Is watching t.v and laying in bed.. and doesnt want to work tomorrow 
is watching television rather than doing homework  ... but gosh it feels soooo nice to just have a quiet night with my hubby and puppy.
is watching the dark knight for the 38247326723647823647328647823647832729th time. baby sitting tomorrow and working at winn dixie 
is watching the extras disk of &quot;Star Wreck&quot; - all the items but none of the menus 
is watching the final episode of E.R  Goon SuBo 2 win Britians Got Talent
is watching The Girl With The Curl I miss Hodgela 
Is watching the Hangover...at home alone 
is watching the hill . . .and its making me sad 
Is watching the hills final episode... What will I do every monday at 10 
is watching the last of the hills 
is watching the mother pack for her holidays!  why is everyone deserting me at once?! 
is watching the NASCAR practice, and Gilliland crashed. Awesome 
is watching the port game - it started well - but is now not going so well 
Is watching the twenty20 - Damn it Watson out for none 
Is watching Titanic, it's so sad 
is watching tv @ home... i want to see my friends gabbi and amy. 
is watching TV. and not wanting to go to school in the morning, cause i really don't want to do my project due on Friday 
Is watching Uga play Washington in the world series. tied 8-8 in extra innings 
is watching Whale Wars and can't believe what they do to those poor poor animals... am reminded of Hayden with the dolphins 
is watching Whale Wars.. poor whales 
Is watching Wife Swap while trying to finish her NVQ work and trying to cope with a massive toothache 
is watchingg Life with Derek! i misss that show 
is wating for her metro-station top too come oderd it on satrday but it says it can be up 2-10 days cant wait that  long 
Is waving Alice goodbye 
is way off her game today &amp; not feeling that at all...and it's not even 7am yet! 
Is way tired. 
Is way too early for form, so is waiting around on her own 
is way too sleepy to be awake 
Is way too tired. And still stuck in school. I hate finals week 
is wayyyy tired  xo
is wayyyy too sad for 4:30 am 
is wearing nothing but a sarong as a house dress. Have to, weather feels heavy and humid  http://plurk.com/p/n1w2g
is well bored and has to wait for 3 hours to start getting ready 
Is well dissapointed that she can't go to Milton Keynes because she's going somewhere   x
is well tired.. and doesnt want to go back to school tomorrow 
Is well to hot....  grr
is what a long freaking day. 
Is whipping up a bunch of frownies                    
is wicked sad shes not going to see the new kids tonight  people keep telling me I saw them twice already, but twice isn't enough!!!
is wide awake and cant not even sleep!  im bored! i wish i could sleep!
Is wide awake and not feeling good 
is wide awake even though I am tired in Cork and the sun is gone 
is wiiiiidddddeee awake with no where to go and my boo doin other stuff that doesn't involve me! Thats just not right.  
is wirting on his term paper in e-commerce 
Is wishing @chemistrygoober didn't have to go back so soon 
Is wishing event ticket companies wouldn't buy up all event tickets and resell them at crazy ass prices! 
is wishing everyone a very happy midsummer's eve. too bad it's cold and rainy  no midnight swims tonight!
Is Wishing He Had Money To Get To @scotthumphries@lukep182 Birthday Celebrations  Have 5 Pints For Me Each lol
is wishing he was back in Toms River NJ right now with his boo 
is wishing he was in DC so he could kick it with Paul Rudd. 
is wishing his stupid imac was faster would have won ticket if it was fast 
Is wishing i could be beside my sick hubby.  I am going to make him chicken noodle soup when i get home.
Is wishing I coulda been at Birthday Bash 
is wishing I was done with school...my job is just not cutting it anymore 
is wishing it would quit raining all the time! it's like washington! jeepers...i want heat and sunshine! 
is wishing more people where following him 
is wishing she didnt have work later on 
is wishing she was at home 
is wishing she was at the coldplay concert.... 
is wishing she was still on a beach in Cyprus - boo! 
is wishing she'd saved a few pennies to make it over to Sonar  
is wishing that i could be famous for acting and dancing 
is wishing that Jordan would feel better! 
is wishing the damn sound would work on laptop, in the mood for listening to Alessi's ark, Laura Marling, Noah and the Whale etc etc hmmm 
Is wishing the internets would work downstairs  I need to surf n watch tv....
is wishing there is an easy way to learn (useful) programming 
is wishing was at home 
Is with Abbie (: @Jonasbrothers cant stop thinking about them, there on my mind 24 7 &amp; me an abbie jst reilised that we wil never meet em 
is with Dj Tekin...gonna try to finish the remix today ...... if you ask me what i really wanna do is...to go home and sleeeeeeeeep 
is with jessica alba sadly  i was hoping zac efron ! &lt;3
is with my maritza&lt;3, about to take her to work, she's working overnight  [partying with isabel, teresa, cristal, &amp;bruz(:] afterlife? yess
is with phone again...charger broke tho 
Is with the family right now, not a happy ocassion! 
is without her bestie..  so sad.
is without mail   OS X 10.5.7 update gave me an undocumented security feature
is wonderin what type of suprises her dog left her n the house. Been out of town for a day and he's been roamin the house 
is wonderin why is it when my friends need me i drop everythin but when i need them they are no where to be seen 
is wonderin why these windows are tiny... And my seat doesn't even have one 
is wondering about dinner... needa finish : art, r+j essay, bio studying, greek studying.. omg kill me 
is wondering how a windows server acquired an IP without a DHCP lease on a card with no cable attached?! 
is wondering how he's gonna cope without LOST 
Is wondering how much longer David Ortiz will be with the Red Sox..Think his time is up. 
is wondering how much longer she is gonna have to put up with this cold?  off to watch some supernatural to make me feel better  xxx
is wondering if anyone gets her tweets? 
is wondering if anyone knows why her itunes store won't work? All she wants to do is update her ipod 
Is wondering if his boys won the battle of the bands?  Had to work and couldn't go. 
Is wondering if I have an old version of Twitter? I can't include websites or mention people 
is wondering if it's sunny outside yet; stuck in a darkened room with no windows 
Is wondering if she can just *draw* her rough audio slideshow as it isn't looking like she's gonna have access to any real people in time 
is wondering if she's doing this twitter shit right. Its nerve wrecking 
is wondering if the tweens these days even know what the word &quot;respect&quot; is anymore! How can kids talk to adults the way they do?  
is wondering if things are gona get any better? 
is wondering if we will ever get the summer back - longest day today (and Father's Day) and it's really dull 
is wondering tht even tho i have absolutely nothing to do...y the hell am i so slp deprived??? 
is wondering what chris is doing today and when he does back to uni, he is missing him 
Is wondering what happened to the sun? Damn May grey! 
Is wondering what happened to the weekend?!? It's Monday already 
is wondering what has to happen for service to switch from his old edge iPhone to his new 3GS.  I tried to activate and it said wait. 
is wondering what I did to get on the &quot;do not respond&quot; list 
is wondering what the hell happened to everyone last night?? 
is wondering what the weird noise is that is coming from the underside of my passengerside dash.... 
is wondering what to write on twitter.......... hhhmmm ...theres nothing intersting going on  mayb i shud make something up.......
is wondering whats the point of Twitter if no one replies?? 
is wondering when the crappy feeling will end.  Over being sick 
is wondering when will i ever learn 
is wondering when will this Standoff between Bollywood producers and multiplex owners END?? There are loads of new releases waiting 
is wondering where @vball199 is today...she hasnt had any updates today 
Is wondering where Fedex Is with my package 
is wondering where he is and what he is up to. cant get hold of him  worrying now.
is wondering where his day went 
is wondering where on earth her silly boyfriend is. Come onnnnnnnnn. 
is wondering where this weekend went?... like every weekend  They all go by wayyyy tooo quickly
is wondering who stole his garlic and shallots. I'm very sure my housemate hide it somewhere! Roar!! Now I can't cook... 
is wondering why church isn't streaming live today. 
Is wondering why cubbie is no longer following me?? 
is wondering why every photo i upload is to big 
Is wondering why G N' R never have any soda.    
is wondering why her phone won't connect to Twitter.  And i wish more ppl would have twitter.
is wondering why I can't find a pair of tan, peep-toe pumps that are cute...even @zappos doesn't have any I like. 
is wondering why i cant find any of my peeps on twitter   so sad
is wondering why I'm still awake wishing for sleep uggg tomorrow is going to be a long day!  
Is wondering why men take so long to get back to you! 
Is wondering why Monday's come round so fast 
is wondering why my picture is coming up with a bloody question mark!!!! AHHH *rips someones hair out*  Humpf!
Is wondering why my uvula woke up so angry and what I did to it to make it want to choke me out?! 
is wondering why Panera discontinued there tomato soup. It was the best thing they had 
is wondering why she has itchy ankles!? It's keeping me awake! 
is wondering why she is watching scary movies alone. 
is wondering why some people are horrible and insensitive when they have absolutely everything!  why why why?
is wondering why the poker gods are punishing him so... 
is wondering why twitter won't let him upload a photo 
is wondering why weekends always feel too short. almost time for another week at the office 
is wondering why your SUCH A JERK.. 
is wondering y Mother Nature is making my life miserable 
is wondering y the hell I not sleepin??? Sigh...its gonna b a long day  http://myloc.me/3Trv
is wondering....will he ever talk to me again 
is work 
is work  then more grad parties!!!!
is work seven until twelve. 
Is workin 4-11:30 in concessions...shit. 
is workin off that fat ass makin pizza  its all gd though, will hit ma target
is workin too much today 
Is workin. Today is my monday  
Is working  and then wedding at 2 yippy skippy
is working 30+ hours this weel 
is working 4 to close 
is working a golf outing.... in the rain 
is working after an 11 hour day at work 
is working all day. everyones gone! 
Is working all weekend 
Is working at home today 'cos the wife is a bit poorly 
is working at Region 5 Gymnastics meet while everyone else is enjoying the beautiful sunshine!! 
Is working for a few hours today....on a saturday  I want to be out by the pool!
is working hard to get his lovely abs back.. im so sorry I cheated on with many in&amp;out outings.. I miss u.. I want u back 
is working in the forlorn hope of actually getting paid at some point... 
is working instead of watching soccer with the rest of the team 
is working late support today , 10:30-7    Finished posting pics and vids from the weekend on the website: http://bit.ly/mIzSv
is working late. 
Is working on a sunday 
is working on a sunday morning with an actual fractured foot bone 
is working on a weekend 
is working on her english synoptic unit + isn't looking 4ward 2 2mos' english exam 
is working on Mother's day 
is working on Personal Data Protection 
is working on something for Landon...Powerpoint?!   Come on people (not Landon) it's past the year 2000, let's get with the program!
is working on the client site with no Internet... My brain feels like it's missing its external storage backup 
is working the whole weekend 
is working through 500 backlogged images 
is working till midnight 
is working today 
is working today   just had a half hour break to work on the bikini stomach though!
is working tomorrow all day so can't do anything tonight  Whats the plan for Saturday?
is working tonight 
is working tonight, from 21-07 
is working until 11 tonight  http://plurk.com/p/x2kbv
is working whilst K watches Star-Trek with Sammy-Boy in a Cinema DeLux 
is working! 
is working. 
is working. all day. 10:30-7. 
is working. Boo 
is working. i can't believe its only tuesday 
is working... 
is working... The end 
is working..... again.  i hate my life
is working....on a hot and sunny day 
Is worried about his shorty haven't talked to her in 12 hours! : @143brooklyn 
is worried about Mayor's paw, he hurt it somehow. 
is worried about tomorrow 
is worried and wishing her doctor hadn't retired. 
is worried for her girls, because they are not near enough for her to hug and gossip and soothe.  Becca and Emily- I love and miss you. 
is worried for real. 
Is worried sick about Santino. He has a fever 
Is worried that he got fired from SSR. 
is worried that one hamster will kill the other =/ maybe i should take one back to Petco. 
is worried. My grandaunty is on breathing support. She's not conscious and its been hours.  http://plurk.com/p/11xnol
is worried.....his PC is in the ICU  
is worried..there is a student in my daughter's school with A(H1N1)   same grade pa....   as in classroo... http://plurk.com/p/11cd47
is worry about his car accident 
is worrying about dangerous career people 
Is Wow...I'm Speechless 
Is wrapping presents  Bored and wishing she was still cuddled up in bed with her baby! â™¥
is wrapping up a long day,,, time to relax! I can't believe hockey season is over... 
Is writing a killer child study essay, wishing a magazine placement would fall into my lap 
is writing a memo on sec 120.54 of the Florida APA  UGHH
Is writting in my journal....ldsjournal.com since I can't sleep at 3am....FML...brain shut off nowww! 
Is xatching the ending to Sunset Grill on the rocket. Damnit 
Is your community suffering and need help???  send to cstophp2@gmail.com We'd Love to help!!
is youtube messing up for anyone else or is it just my internet? again 
is youtube stuffing up again? doesnt seem to want to load for me. 
is... wanting someone like crazy... lol... and they had to go  AHHH!!
is...dead...tired...just got home from wk and it's almost 8pm...darn ppl making me stay after hours with customers by myself 
Isa ain't following me.  I'm sad 
Isaac  Omg? Stop? I'm trying to call you hun? Its not going through?
Isaac and I have been apart for 8 months and counting... I can't believe I still have to wait maybe 6+ MORE months to see him again.  
ISAAC? Beb's   please!!
Isaiah 29:13 describes a certain church that I am very pissed off with right now. 
iScoop chillin off set minus Ali  http://yfrog.com/5jrk4j
iSCSI array has faulted so badly the management software is telling me I have to call Dell for help. There goes the rest of the night 
isgetting ready to go to school 
ish grounded 
ish mahal nya delivery! 
ish, i missed her 
Ishiro 0 - 1 Moustiques... 
island of capri=beautiful!! so sad to leave florence in less than 2 weeks 
iSniff. 
iSnort - unfortunately this will never make it to the App Store  http://tinyurl.com/983z82
isn't a fan of the hot hot weather.  about to gym and gonna catch a movie later!
isn't a mind reader. So tell me if i've annoyed you! Ghrr 
Isn't all that much impressed by what they did to Danny on American Idol..  I love you Danny! Wish you coulda stayed!
isn't asamed to say that i feel like i'm a part of the jon &amp; kate family and i'm very sad 
isn't digging the fact that it was 78 degrees less than 48 hours ago and it's 29 now and windy.  
isn't doing anything all day... 
isnt doing anything wiith his life and hates it !!!!! 
isnt feein well at all 
isn't feelin' too hot this morning. Couldn't sleep and was tossing and turning 
isnt feelin well 
Isn't feelin well 
Isn't feeling good today...and its only just started!  
isn't feeling so good 
isn't feeling so good anymore 
isn't feeling so great 
Isn't feeling the bright ass red car I gotta drive for the next week...missing my Honda!!! 
isn't feeling to well... ugh 
isnt feeling too good 
isnt feeling very awesome  &amp; has to work all day
isnt feeling very well, I will probably go to bed a lil early 
Isn't feeling very well...  Hopefully 3:30 comes soon so I can go home to my bed 
Isn't feeling well  and misses her babe
isn't feeling well at all 
Isn't getting a re-do of her english oral  6.5 it is then!
isnt getting anywhere with the pots 
Isn't getting twitter updates on my phone.  with the exception of @nicksantino and @christiantft. Hmmm...
isn't goin to prom this year 
Isn't going to be able to do the voice recital...  
isn't going to bed anytime soon. So much for an early evening. Bah. 
isn't going to church. im not feeling well 
isn't going to France  But u kno what...everything with life &amp; love CAN'T always be perfect...or else what would we have to work towards?
isnt gonna work at pinkberry much longer 
Isnt good at interviews  &lt;3
isn't happy about working tomorrow. 
isn't happy sunday 
Isn't having a very good summer so far  but trying to keep my hopes up.
isnt in the sun because i have sunburn! 
Isn't is sooooo cute how couples start to look alike after being together for so long.... 
Isn't it enough I walked the two miles into town? Why do I have to walk another half a mile around stupid people? 
Isn't it kind of weird how a girl can't really smile at a guy without coming across as flirty? Or even a girl! Smiles are OUT these days 
Isn't it sad how I find my week days more entertaining than the weekend? Grr, boredd. 
Isn't it so fun when a haircutter f*cks up your hair 
Isnt it strange how that aircraft just VANISHED from the radar? (Air France)? Mannnn I miss my mom 
Isn't it such a great feeling when you get to the check out and realize you left your wallet at home. LOL I love that! No cereal for me 
isn't lookin 4ward 2 work 2mz.. n if its gna b like 2day-weatherwise- itl b even worse  xo
Isnt looking forward to doing another training session tonight 
isn't looking forward to Monday morning 
isn't much of a red head anymore 
Isn't online business great... What a cool generation to be a part of... Sorry Grandma you missed out on this 
isnt outta bed yet  
isn't quite sure if she wants to break up with him or not 
isnt ready for his day off to be over  ~CricKeT~
isn't ready for the weekend to be over just yet 
isnt ready for this test 
isn't ready to go home yet. 
Isn't ready to say goodbye 
isn't singing Oh what a beautiful day though it is from the musical Oklahoma  due to insomnia and a lot of noise outside motelroom 
isn't sleepin too well..... 
isn't sleeping too well  #fb
isn't so sure the public holiday rates are worth having to get out of bed in the morning. Oh well, too late now 
isn't sure how much she will use this: blocked at work 
isnt there any way we could update twitter through our cellphones 
Isn't there anyone out there who can fill up my love tank 
Isn't this fun  Now every time I key the number they ask for, I get told, you haven't made a selection #telkom #brandminus
isnt very happy about the fact that her back is hurting today 
Isn't well 
Isolation sucks! Soooooooo bored  damn you swine flu!
Isp = down qMark = 
isPlayer Has Died! Sorry 
Israeli troops humiliate Palestinians http://bit.ly/rodvm, the life remains the same in that point of the world 
iss getting ready to go for a slashh. then homework. 
iss gutted that itss the lastt supernatural 2nite  butt cnt wait to see wat happens xxx
iss kind of sick... nd is lyin in bedd  xx
Iss layin in bed cause my stomach hurts really bad 
iss veryy ill 
issssss bored!!!  god i need my friends!! i wanna go to the mall 
ISSSSSS soooooooooo sad  no no Dane Cook for me tonite!
isssssss love love loving the hillsssssssss...and is quite sick at the mo 
Issue with WASP website hosting provider this morning, I hate unexpected surprises 
ist missing Carl and Carlo so much! Uwi na kayo dito please....  http://plurk.com/p/x4lk0
ist thinking about going to bed..she ist sehr bored and a little tired 
iStat iPhone app remote for monitoring macs seems pretty cool. Don't think I'll use on prod server with such a weak pass though 
iSticker finished!!! I am exhausted  sh*t tomorrow still need to work.
isxz  chillin....mizz u 
it  seems like as soon as i take one step forward life shoves me two steps back 
It 11.30 pm and can't sleep 
it 6 am and i have to go to schoool or i'll be lateeee, ugh !  have a good day everyone 
it a very warm morning w/ a southerly breeze in the Great st of TX... summer is on the way!! need to get some yard work done today 
it almost drives me crazy that there is so much music in the world and i cant listen to all of it 
It almost seems like the more seriously I take a deadline (read: the more I worry about it) the less chance I have of making it. 
It always makes me nervous buying a used vehicle.. Hopefully not too many surprises come up with repairs any time soon 
It amazes me how little faith my family has in me. 
It amazes me that people are so afraid of what Harry Potter is going to do to their children.
It appears I Forgot to pay my internet bill...  
it appears i have been away from the fountain pen network too long... do they delete inactive accts? 
it appears that jQuery plugin for making round borders in navigation doesn't work on all OS, in Ubuntu round borders aren't visible 
It appears the iPhone OS 3.0 will only be released on 18 June http://bit.ly/5XdiB 
IT band flare-up  Time to join a gym.
It be nice to have some oral sexulation right now. Oh well. 
It blows a lot today and it's a little bit cold 
It bothers me that I don't have a favorit~ yet on SYTYCD. I'm still sad that Asian ballet boy wasn't allowed on b/c of his damn contract 
It breaks my heart to listen to my son cry in the car.  
It breaks my heart to see all these negative father's day statuses on twitter and facebook... 70% of black homes do not have a father 
It bwoke  Failybooth doesnt show it though :\ http://tinyurl.com/cwwmsh
it can stop raining any time now. 
it certainly has turned gloomy here 
It could be me, that's changing / And so may, we make time / To try and find somebody else / Who has a line... 
It could be worse. Stuck in a boring seminar before heading to vmug. Wish you could twit me a pint 
IT coursework 
it creeeps me out when i know people 
It cut off in 'More Than Just A Werewolf' too (and I love that song...) *cries* MySpace hates me! 
It definitely isn't fun reading 8h of Tweets... 
it didn't bounce, it smashed all over my rug 
It didn't snow at my house 
It didn't work! 
it does not look like my father's day fantasy evening will not happen. no $$ and no sitter for indi overnight 
It doesn't feel like a Wednesday. More like a...Thursday. Unfair 
It doesn't feel like summer, when the rain is pouring down  Summer holidays, yay!
It doesn't work, that http://twerpscan.com/  
It droped died  (hello kitty)
it ended before it even started. - this wont be long. 30th June, 13 more days. Iâ€™m so scared  it should be... http://tumblr.com/xh822hz43
It even causes Twooshes! Holy **** I really kind of want one. Oh well, I'd need a job first. 
it feels good to workout...wish i had a trainer 
it feels horrible being up this early 
It feels like a Friday  If only it were true.
It feels like a friday, but It's not...  
It feels like I haven't talked to brandon in like 9382402194214 years  
it feels like im having a fever..wekk wekk 
it feels like im loosing my best ftiend 
It feels like I'm missing something today. I am...John and Ian! 
It feels like it should be a Bank Holiday weekend!  I bet it is in France, they're always on holiday...
it feels like it's 1 am.. 
it feels like I've pulled every muscle in my body moving into my new flat 
It feels like my esophagus is on fire so bad it woke me up from a dead sleep 
it feels like someone's hitting my head with a hammer. oooww. 
It feels like the&quot;quitter&quot; inside of me is trying to show her domination 
It feels like theres a party in my mouth and evreyones being sick  hangovers SUCK
It feels like we just started..the show has come to an end 
it feels so much sadder when you drop a piece of candy while you're sick...   i bought these to make me feel better! i can't drop them...
It feels soooo good to be in bed right now, but in 10 minutes I'll be on a bus to work 
It felt so real!  It was terrifying.
it finally got sunny...then my mother came over &amp; ruin everything...just put me in a sad mood 
It finally hit me. Bad. PCD. &quot;I Can't Believe it's Ovah.&quot; And I refuse to let myself look at tweets from the Sixters (Sixtahs). 
it fucking sucks that i had to give up my ticket to the NIN/JA show in san diego. i haven't looked that forward to a show is a LONG time. 
It gets harder everyday but i cant seem to shake the pain. Everybody knows nobody really knows how to ease the hurt. Turning me down. 
it gets kind of confising when ppl try to imply things n you dont understand... 
it gets sadder every time 
It gets time to start thinking  in English again with a 10 day business trip to #Denver ahead   Please take the blanket out of you mouth
It' getting booring now  4 more days to go until the week end
It going to rain for couple more days! Oh no! I hope it doesnt ruien my plans for this weekend. 
it got rained out. 
It grosses me out when people have filthy tongues, especially when they have tongue rings 
It had a broken leg &amp; had to be put down! 
it had been already there..  google.com/contacts
It had to happen sometime. Was late for bus and had to stand for whole ride 
It has been 24 hours now, since I had my dog put to sleep.  RIP my old friend. 
It has been 3 weeks since I graduated and no interview calls  [sigh]
It has been a day..Maggie used the potty,the cat puked on the curtains that I am returning to sears, then maggie pooped &amp; put it all over 
It has been a long and sad week   I need patience and guidance daily. Home for a little while and then back out on the go again
it has been a quite exhausting weekend. i'm tired, but i have to prepare a presentation 
it has been a very long lonely day 
It has been pointed out in my inebriation tjat I typed Mohammed Suresh, when of course, it should be Mohinder. My geek card is forfeited 
It has been raining all day here in NorCal...and it's going to rain until Tuesday.  I want 80 degree weather NOW!
It has been such a busy weekend I forgot to twitter  Sacriligious, indeed!
It has taken me all day but I finally have the strength to shower. Shame to lose this vintage dirt and stink though. 
it hasnt been a good couple of days in the land of hails  i have been cursed with alot of bad luck im thinking!
It hasn't stopped raining since yesterday afternoon. Boo. 
it hurts 
it hurts  i really dont know what to do. i just thought i was stronger than this 
It hurts 2 be a woman! Make u wish u didnt have ovaries.    JaHaitian Gal
It hurts a lot,..... 
It hurts my heart that nba fines are double what i make in a year 
it hurts now 
it hurts so bad to be heart broken  its like i knife stab into your chest 
It hurts so bad!!!!!!!!! I'm so sad and there's blood everywhere. WTF!!!!!!!!!  
it hurts so muchï»¿ to love someone but destiny will never put you together  I MISS YOU ZIPPY ..
It hurts to know that you treat everyone you meet the same, and that every word you said, was already said to someone else 
it hurts to laugh. 
it hurts to see someone you care about is having pain 
It hurts to swallow 
it hurts when i sneeze  on a side note, an ad just asked me if my drinking problem was ruining my life. haha.
it hurts when i talk!!!! 
It hurts when your workdesk's window overlooks all the planes touch down and you wish you're inside one to fly back home 
it hurts. 
It I could just hit a drive over 150 yards in the right direction 
IT IS 1038 I GOTTA GET TO BED I WORK IN THE AM  GOOD NIGHT!!!!
it is 3:56am, i just got out of the shower, its time to start studying 
it is 4 am and I cant sleep  Guess I am still on hawaiian time..
It is 5:14 in the morning and I can't sleep 
It is 5:30am and I cant sleep! 
It is 85 degrees in the apartment and it's only noon. 
It is 9.15pm and I'm so not prepared for my exam tomorrow - questioning if going back to uni whilst working full time was a good idea 
It is a beautiful day in Pawleys Island, too bad I don't have a window 
It is a bit quiet now that you cannot see the replys 
it is a brutal day, not very productive and not very much to be productive for 
It is a couple of minutes before we close, and we only have 2 Lemon Poppy Ultimate Cupcakes left! 
It is a good night outside. I wished that I didn't have to go to work tomorrow. 
it is a sad day today  http://bit.ly/1fS6E
It is a sad state of weekend affairs when 7 am is considered a sleep in. 
it is a tad cold  &quot;i think i found the new classic in you&quot; 
it is a very hot day, trying to arrange a flight back to my home base 
It is a yucky, windy and rainy day here in Maryland!!   Have a great Monday, my friends!! (((HUGS)))
It is absolutely beautiful outside! I have to work until 2 though 
It is always a mistakes to read your email while on vacation. Work just seeped into my blissful world. 
It is always so hard to go to sleep before a trip like this. I think I got a couple of hours in, but I'm wide awake now. 
It is always so sad saying goodbye to Vegas!  Yet still anxious for home and sleep!
it is always sunny on days when i can't possible be outside.  life is out to get me
It is bedtime. So, much for my workout. 
It is confirmed... I am officially broke till payday. 
it is deffinetly not summer weather...i hate this cold and rainy weather in new york 
It is DISGUSTING out. 
it is easy to stay under my daily calories when it hurts too much to eat. 
it is far too windy to go float around in the jacuzzi. wind, you make bunny sad 
It is finally kicking in that I won't be going to Bonnaroo this summer for the first time in 5 years. 
It is freezing in this library!!! so cold 
it is friggn freeezing! I swear winter wants to dominate us. but please cold, make time for the sun. 
It is going to be a LONG day!!! 
It is going to be a rough day. Tomorrow is my first day back at work 
It is going to be weird next week not driving down I-94 and watching all the team haulers driving towards MIS. 
It is hailing!!! In summer. And there is a river running down out my road  exam in just over an hour. So lunch time I think.
It is hard not to beat myself up now for not getting a thing done all weekend 
It is hard to have no cellphone... 
It is hard to Tweet in the sunlight sometimes 
it is hella hot and muggy and it's only the second day of summer  
it is hiring time for Pr agencies also  please give me some leads
It is hot and muggy and its supposed to storm... 
It is HOT in this building!! The AC is broken! Heat index is 107 today 
It is kind of lonely when nobody will answer their phone. 
IT IS LASHING RAIN!!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  
It is late and I'm still sick to my tummy  I know better than to eat dessert before dinner. It is too sweet for me 
It is literally a billion degrees outside omfgggg  testing starts tomorrow.  lol fail
It is Monday night. Ready for some HEADLINES and then realize I have to wait until Sept for Jay to be back on my tv. 
It is MONDAY... the day that most of our hearts will be broken! I know Mine will be  It's season finale! #oth
It is monsooning outside. I need to go pick up a parcel from the post office delivery place too 
it is no fun to spend an hour getting stuff packed up and kids ready for the pool and then get there and...thunder 
it is not a day to be office day, it is a day to be fun day.... and I have meetings...  and emails... of course
it is not a diet just a change in lifestyle. if i tell myself this enough i might just stop craving chips and chocolate 
It is NOT a quiet, peaceful morning... Very not happy about this. 
it is not election it is selection!!!!!!   
It is not hot,hot,hot  It is cold,cold,coooold and I have no cardi or coat. Damnation!
It is not new nephew day  as of now he is scheduled for the 12 of June.
It is not pressure but sense of responsibility makes me cry     I care about ur feelings rather than mine.And this time what I can say ...
it is not that hot outside today 
It is NOT time to go to sleep! The day is still young..wake up geesh 
It is now 1:30 in the A.M. I'm super bored. Halo is not working. 
it is now 6:30 am and I have been in the library since 3pm 
it is now a little pass 7..guess im gona just lay here n try 2 go back 2 sleep..although i kno itz impossible..thx 4 listenin tweeps  smh
It is now almost 6 pm and I am no closer to leaving the house/getting to NJ. 
It is now midnight, and therefore, no longer my bday. 
It is now officially .... I have a cold. Just woke up, it really really hurts in my throat and its swollen by the cold 
It is official chloe has strep throat. 
it is official! Mr. Cutie Pie thinks that he is too old for the term mr cutie pie he wants to be mr superman or mr big boy 
It is officially summer. I'm already dark 
it is only 630 and it is already 68 degrees. Yep. Its gonna get hot today 
it is only one more day away, yet I have this feeling it's not going to go as smooth as it should. 
It is ouch!  I don't want this today! Of all days.....
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky. 
It is possible to frown while eating a Frosty 
It is POURING down rain 
It is pouring down rain. It sucks 
IT IS POURING OUT HERE (there goes my bike ride) 
It is pouring....yet once again...I am so tired of being soggy!  
It is rainin cats &amp; dogs &amp; the suns still out! So zany! Headed home 2 fix my throat  got 3Shows 2morrow
It is rainin cats n dogs out here brooklyn.. I hav no umbrella  im soaked
It is raining 
it is raining al day long 
It is raining at Bethpage  going to go play nine holes and go to work at 5:30.
It is raining hard - I am in my garden office with no umbrella - I want a cup of tea 
It is raining on me 
It is raining this morning so no bikeing to work today.  hopefully it will clear a bit this evening.
It is raining! I cannot bathe !! huhuhuhuuuuuuuuuuuu 
It is raining. 
It is rainning again. 
It is rainning in glasgow today 
It is really Bad here... its a severe thunderstorm  60 mile an hour winds and lightning and thunder. Got to get off here.
it is really difficult to pass from 35C sunny to 15C rainy! 
It is really difficult to work on weekend when everyone elese is planning something. 
It is really feeling like a Monday. I miss being able to go out and play 
It is really hard to judge if you are burning pumpernickle bread when you are toasting it untill it is too late 
it is red hot bin tryin 2 get 2 sleep 4 ages but i cant 
it is sad to hear live music from a distance and not be able to go hear it 
It is snowing here  But I figured out my term paper topic for Psych; Dreams!
it is so cold outside. what is up with this weather it is the middle of june, come on. 
It is so cold that I'm shivering.  I really, really don't like winter.
It is so difficult to find a true friend... sometimes you think you find her... buy you are not... U.U I'm so sad 
It is so fucking boring tonight. I gonna play GuitarHero on my PS3 and watch some movies on the TV!  @elkmail please call me! :-D
it is so hot in here 
It is so hot in here it should be called club sauna not club pulse. 
It is so hot my air conditioner can not even keep up, I'm ready for fall.  
It is so hot out and it is Ireland! Madness. Not looking forward to work on my own again tomorrow 
It is so hot that my (liquid) tylenol is warm.. Yuck 
It is so hot! What a time for my A/C to break down! 
IT IS SO NICE OUT!!!  i wish i wasn't working
It is so nice to finally have a legit job interview.  Now, back to re-applying and working the dead-end job. 
It is so... taunting that trending topics are Sims 3 AND the Palm Pre. Two things I want reallllllly bad. 
It is soo borring!!!11 
it IS SOOOOO BORING 
It is sooooo fucking boring 
It is SOOOOO HOTTT in this office I think I'm going to catch fire!!!!  I cannot work in these conditions!!!!!!  The lab is HOT ENOUGH!!!  
it is sooooo nice out today!! i wish i could stay home and go swimming instead of going to school 
It Is storming like crazy over here! Man, the weather might keep home on this saturday night! 
it is storming, and the tornado sirens are going off... kinda scary. and i'm here alone. 
It is such a lovely day still abit pissed about my camera! Claudia put me in a better mood last night though! i miss taking pictures  !!!!
It is such a nice day outside and i am babysitting  go figure lol
It is the first mother's day since my daughter passed and this is an extremelyhard time right now for my family. I pray you understand. 
It is three thirty in the morning and i cant sleep  i think i just saw a spider..EW
it is time to get into the books 
It is time to start the day.  Breakfast with a good friend and then off to the office. No time to design today.  
It is times like these when I really miss you, biscuithead. 
It is to hot to be at work today  
It is too early for me to be alive right now.  nervvvvvv.
It is too early to be up just poured myself a bowl of milk and forgot the frosties 
It is too hot for me.   This is why summer sucks.  lawl.
It is too hot to be in work today! woke up to an almost flat sea that looked almost tropical pity I was in seascale 
It is too hot! Florida sucks 
It is tragic that the closest i've come to alcohol this weekend is the guinness in my blackcurrant &amp; guinness jam 
It is true...when your friend is sad...you are too...Iwush I am sorry 
It is UGLY out here! 
It is unbelievably hot out there. It's gonna be 150 degrees in August at this rate 
It is unfortunate that when I spend a lot of time in the kitchen making food, I don't feel like eating much of it afterwards. 
It is unusual that I am the last one up on Twitter  It's only because the Man is out so I have PC access for a change.
It is waaay too nice outside to be stuck in the office  today   Where was this sunshine over the weekend?!?!
it is waaayyyy too warm tonight 
It is way to early to be awake 
it is way to early to be up, especially on a rainy day 
it is way too hot to be in the office 
it is wayy to early to be awake but i am awake and getting ready for the off 
It isn't 90 and sunny here - Back to reality   Thanks Sara and Ryan for making the AR trip so much fun 
it isn't a new army wives 
it just began to rain... the 2 days summer is over 
It just cost me 4.10 for a jack and coke at 3.30 in the aft wtf 
It just doesnt get better  please just get better. I hate this empty chest feeling
it just got really dark in shanghai and its a summer afternoon 
It just had to rain on me almost a perfect day now my clothes are wet 
It just hit me that this amazing ride called high school is almost over. 
it just hit me therez only 3 more dayz n am done scl  after 4 year in this scl it was amazin 4 year of ma life the best meet cool ppl
It just hit me! this week is my last week of school. I'm gonna miss you aerobics &amp; you too Watermark 
It just hit me. Need TLC asap 
it just makes me want to a remember a time of dancing in the sunshine and eating marshmellows and seeing rainbows 
It just sounded like a spaceship. I thought I was getting abducted or something. I'm disappointed I didn't. 
It just started raining 
it just sucks that it got rained out. 
It just took me 10 minutes to do a svn check in.  Svn update failed and locked the file system. Had to svn update, clean up and commit 
it keeps making her feel older, but she's young for having a 16 year old, she's 35, she's awesome. But we got into another fight 2day 
It kills me  that i don't have the time to use my new camera what a waste of $700 
it kills me but im trying not to show it 
It kills me inside to watch him go away because we are from different worlds and backgrounds. 
It kills me to see jeff hardy and cm punk fighting. They are my two favorites 
it kinda boring when you have NO FOLLOWERS  don't worrie i'll qet some for suree. anyways HUNGRYY !
IT looked like it was gonna be really sunny again today.  So I out my skirt on and now that sun has gone!  come back!!!
It looks as though Shaq is getting traded to Cleveland to play w/ LeBron... Too bad for Suns' fans. The Big Cactus is no more 
IT LOOKS AWFUL 
It looks cold outside now 
It looks good but it isn't 
it looks like a hurricane outside im scared  i think im oging to go eat my cherrios now
It looks like all the Newport twits are enjoying the sunshine, very few tweets today  what have you been up to? Http://the-port.co.uk
It looks like I still must drive to Galveston, my plans were foiled.  I'm already stressing out about it, big time. Suckage.
It looks like i won't be eating anytime soon. My tummy is rumbly 
It looks like it is going to be a nice day in Lynchburg today! Too bad I'm sitting in class right now 
It looks like it might rain 
it looks like its gna rain  i'm supposed to go out to dinner tonight
It looks like it's going to be another gloomy day  is a day of sunshine too much to ask for?!?
It looks like it's going to rain. 
It looks like my web-host didn't lose all my data but BouchonFor2 is still not displaying properly 
It looks like rain for Saturday morning, and that is NOT good because I'm supposed to be going skydiving. 
it looks like someone got murdered on my cars front end lol..its all those bugs i killed from the AZ drive  now i have to car wash! :/
It looks like the sky is going to cry 
It looks like there is going to be a big thunder storm. 
IT MADE ME CRY  PLEASE JUST WATCH THE VIDEO AND YOU CAN HELP THESE POOR KIDS  http://tinyurl.com/cuxn7l
it makes me  when i see people replying to people that are only after followers and would never reply back
it makes me feel a little sad when i have to log back into my wordpress.org blog because it doesn't remember me because it's been 2 long 
It makes me sad that I can't be here for ale anymore. After being friends for 15 years there are some things I can't help her with. Sad. 
It makes me sad that I can't have it  ....maybe just one thing. After the first exam :o
It makes me sad that I referenced one of the best 80s movies twice in the last 2 days and no one understood the reference 
it makes me sad to see that no-ones twittering 
it makes me sad when i find something awesome fantastico that infringes on trademarking 
it makes me sad when jeter grounds into a double play 
It makes me sad when nobody texts me back. 
It makes me sad when they turn up the vol on the TV when I try to practice. I know it sounds bad, so I should get over it. 
it makes me sick when i have to leave my dog and cat at the kennel, when i go on vacation... 
it makes me so sad   I miss her.
It makes me so sad because people do drugs, and parents don't do anything to stop their kids from doing it 
It makes me so sad because people do drugs, and some parents don't do anything to stop their kids from doing it 
it makes me sooo sad that this time tomorrow itll all be over 
It makes me to jitter, does Twitter- It does not show adroitness - NO, IT'S POINTLESS 
It may be raining, but it's still a lovely day....pity I have to go to the cage 
it maybe fathers day but apparntley dad's taxi is still required  off to drop Clare off for her shift at Boots, catch you all later
It might be over now but i have a feeling this just begun  WHY!?
It must suck having children.....but I still want one 
It needs to be shot time 
It never rains men, it just sprinkles boys 
It never seizes to amaze me how many financial problems i get myself into 
It occured to me that I think my biggest problem is I don't have any kind of reliable support system.  Insert suicidal thoughts 
It passes me by... 
It pisses me off how I can only get to level 5 on brick breaker 
It playyyys over in myy head everyyytime im in myyy bed , s m h 
it poured last night. stepped in a huge puddle. shoes still soaked this morning. only pair i have here  - http://bkite.com/08CYF
It rained - yes. But there's no cool breeze or rather any breeze at all. Wht the fack? 
it rained and i was dead in bed?!  blood bank by bon iver is spiritual. 'nuff said. &lt;3
it rained and the markets closed  fml. [TFV]
It rained on my yard sale, had to call it a day @ 4  - oh well there is always tomorrow
it raining  just listening muisc
It raining... :/ I hope people realize what's happening to our planet before it's too late 
It rains and it sucks so much because it's the second day in a row 
it rains everytime I go to pay rent. 
It really is a nice day! I am gutted that I have not bought any flip flops yet 
it really isnt the same without my gay (straight) best friend @BigBenZarrop 
it really needs to stop raining 
It really pisses me off when I ask a friend to do something they tell me no but go ahead and do it with someone else 
It really sucks bein sick 
it really sucks how two of the most exciting annual events, Big Brother and E3, occur in exam season 
It really sucks that one can not customize UIKeyboardTypeNumberPad  Have to draw my own keyboard bah!
It really sucks when you can't sleep  http://myloc.me/2g8o
It really sucks when you write an article on Apache's rewrite engine and Wordpress times out your login, thereby losing the article 
It' s time to say goodbye 
It says service engine soon! That cant be good!  oh dear
It says take out the first think! @Dustinbrutal i think i'll never tweet again just because now i'm apparently stupid at it 
it scares me that theres actually a T.V. show on not knowing you're pregnant..how many people could possibly be unaware of such a thing?? 
It seems completely different then my last read through and its the same file 
it seems everyone out there is BBQing... we dont  we have no garden and are not allowed to BBQ on our balcony. i envy all of you
It seems for all the cleaning and organizing we keep doing that we aren't really getting anything done. Make 1 mess just to clean another 
It seems i am going  wrong again 
it seems i'm always a little bitter the first week of the month...sorry  i promise to have positivity drip from my fingertips starting now
It seems inevitable, it's been nice knowing you. 
it seems like every time I log on to twitter, I am eating? maan I'm a pig 
It seems like everyone hates me  When I -m them they sign off
it seems like EVERYONE is in TEXAS right now...I want to be there too 
It seems like nobody want to talk to me. 
It seems like they have already found Swine Flu in Ukraine 
It seems on my Eee 1000HE w/Azurewave wifi, newest drivers/BIOS/sw, enabling the wifi adapter causes persistent audio glitches 
it seems pig flu came to india toooo  Next must be Sri Lanka
it seems so cruelly strategic to lay people off on Fridays. so they don't spread bad atmosphere in the office the next day? 
It seems that all technology is determined to fuck with me today. Even my iPod is revolting 
It seems that England has confused weather.. First it red hot and now its raining 
it seems that fink (which I am new too) does not have a package on osx 10.5 for openvrml nor mozilla dev as per suggestion in AT toolkit 
It seems that I have lost my daughter Anavah to the pirate side of the Ninja vs. Pirates war 
It seems that my parents are definitely going to split up, no doubt about it. 
It seems that Resident Evil 5 is really designed to be played in CO-OP, it's simply no fun in single player 
it seems the thing i'm best at is not sleeping...even when i want to sleep 
It seems the workweek did find  out   fuck it! I still get to draw and that's always fun!
It seems to be some sort of holiday today? O.o #delongeday ? ? ?  Are there presents? A tree? Costumes? No? sadface 
it seems to be un-follow friday for me today 
It seriously needs to stop raining.  Where is summer at?  
It should be a crime to make any1 work when its so pretty outside 
It should be a law against people working on their birthdays. Like me today. 
It should be a law that little kids cannot be THIS hyper before noon 
it should be against the law to have a class this early  i couldnt even form words to talk to marcie i was so tired
It should be against the law to wake up this early!!!!!  FML
It should be awesome - if you are around London tomorrow take a look at their website for details. Unfortunately, I'm working so can't go 
It should be fun, but it's only disappointment &amp; annoyance. Since months 
It should be illegal for me to date 
It should be illegal to have to be at work at this time of day (4:15am). BTW, Today in Alabama is 2 hours today from 7-9am. Thanks, golf. 
It should be illegal to have to go to a maths seminar on your birthday 
It should have been a night out with the boys from Basildon, turned into a quite night with family in Colchester 
it should not be this cold out right now 
It shouldn't take this long to get to fecking Heathrow. Left home at 1330 
It skipped my mind that today IS father's day! Oh gosh. My poor dad. He had to remind me to wish him.  I'm feeling guilty.
It smells badly of garlic 
it smells so stinkin awfulll ! like really bad maneure ! 
it so friggin hot here  waah. i wanna swm http://plurk.com/p/vfb64
it sound's like another delay in my ears  cant use my iphone for 3 days now..
It started pouringgg while I was getting gas and rained sideways directly on my butt 
It started raining after we started playing tennis 
it started to rain on me  i had to quit runnin
It started to rain!  ? http://twitpic.com/4eq12
It started with blue skies. The day has been very deceiving. It is cold and windy now 
it still hurts... I am so sorry... I really wish last night never happened... i hate saying things in anger 
It stings  ouch
it sucks 
It sucks being a foodie and broke !!  
it sucks being the only musically diverse music producer in your area (DMV) all they care about is club bangers and &quot;Saving Hip-hop&quot; 
It sucks big time...... 
it sucks havin to watch yur mother be sick and cnt help her 
It sucks having the dog you've always wanted knowing that any day he could get really sick 
it sucks i like some artist but dont like their music 
It sucks living were I live soooo far away!  gottta make the 1:42am train :p
it sucks not having the modest mouse discography anymore. deleted it by mistake. 
It sucks not waking up next to you in the morning 
It sucks sleeping way late 
It sucks that I couldn't see Christiane Amanpour's program on Iran, my cable wasn't working 
It sucks that I miss you so much but you don't feel a thing for me anymore. I miss the way your eyes look when we kiss 
It sucks that my print ad didn't push through. That would've been my first stint at modeling! 
It sucks that the tots are in LA at the same time but not together. 
It sucks that we have an oral presentation on monday, 'cause that means I have to study the whole weekend! 
it sucks to have your car low on freon in florida. 
It sucks to know that wherever I go, that there's  a 98% chance that I'm the fattest person there! 
It sucks when the lights are off and I am using the laptop!Every thing is drak and they keep scaring me  coz they can see me and I don't!
it sucks when u thnk u kno someone and then they do something stupid to make u wonder wat u evr saw in them 
It sucks when you follow your heart and then it gets stepped on 
It sucks when you like some one but they dont feel the same for you. 
It sucks when you want a bacon egg n cheese REALLY bad and your running late 
it sucks! i have a cast-like splint on my arm. i tripped at school (ha ha) and fell down a whole flight of stairs    stop laughing  STOP!
It suddenly became stiflingly hot in my apartment  Now I'm sleepy...to nap or not to nap, that is the question...
it sux to be sick    i feel sooo crappy today uuggghhh
It takes a couple seconds to say Hello, but forever to say Goodbye.... 
It takes too long for videos to load!!! 
it the best beach day and i have a soccer tournament. 
it took 11 months but a little piece of my mac chipped off... 
It took 24hrs to lose faith in the 2 closest ppl in my life. Megasad 
It took me a half hour to get to work this morning. I wish I lived in Bethesda with @missFarida. Only in my wildest dreams 
it took me about fifteen minutes to remember my twitter password. 
It took me an hour to get this place back in order, are you kidding. Five more hours 
it took me like five times to type out hear 
it took me one hour to get caught up. i'm never leaving twitter for a whole 24 hours ever again.  
it took me two hours to get home (and that's only 19 kms!)....bad for my knee...really bad! 
it took my breath away....  http://plurk.com/p/12aggf
it totes blows that Times New Viking@BellHouse is the same night as KurtVile/BluesControl/Woods @theShank 
It turned out to be a beautiful day!! But I still have a bad headache!  Ugh!!!
It turns out I have a splinter deep in my finger 
It upset me so much &amp; I keep seeing the image popping in my head of one poor animal  Made me hate this world if that makes sense
it upsets me that i can't highlight in a straight line which then means that the bit highlighted is twice the size of the actual word 
It upsets me that mum doesnt tuck me in goodnight anymore 
It was  a nightmare...a terrible night 
It was 100 F in LV unlike here.... Result: tanned skin  any home remedies to reduce the tan?
it was 80-90F in cali today  so jealous!!!
It was a former employer of mine and they knew that I knew what to do but they decided differently. Sigh. Off to the job line again. 
It was a full rainbow that crossed the sky, full of every color. Absolutely gorgeous! Didn't see a witch tho. 
It was a good nap...woke up feeling worse 
it was a long drive, long night....the music was good, the people were good....but didn't get to meet my green eyed beauty 
it was a nice movie but she cryed alil during the movie i had to cuddle her more i dont like seeing my baby cry 
It was a nice run but all good things must come to an end. Got thrashed in the sportsbooks tonight 
it was a nice vacaton away from my family but they should be back soon. it was good while it lasted? 
it was a not so beautiful day for me... 
it was a really good movie...but just made me wish things were still like that in my life 
It was a sleepless night 
It was a very fun weekend and there was some drama but it was over good  never liked drama but why are girls so much drama? 
it was a very short night for me about 4 hours 
It was a year ago today we waved my sister goodbye as she left to live in Oz for 3years 
It was all so simple...now everything's out of whack,confusing &amp;&amp; complicated!! 
It was all too much after my problems with Barclaycard this weekend. Spent half an hour in the bank trying to sort it out 
it was amazing jonas looked so cute as those little angel statues! they make nick look chubby 
it was awlful :| not goooood at all  yeh i cba with hist, not doing any work tonight, wil think about starting tomoz
it was boiling hot, i was getting burnt and now there is thunder and lightning :S kinda scary.  london weather; unpredictable!
It was Carmen/Katie love... but I deleted the huge VOBs and just realized that I killed the whole project. Ohh, sadness. 
it was easier when i just used to anhialate it with peroxide.  i miss those crazy bygone days.
It was FUCKING CANCELLED arrrgggghhhhhhhh  not happy !!
It was going to happen one day but I so feel for the girl AND her mum 
It was good seeing my old friend again. last time i'll see them for a while  don't you hate when your friends move?
It was good to get out and about today. But it's getting colder  as long as it rains.. .. then im happy haha
It was good to see everyone. Everyone looked great! Good dinner. Wish I could of been drinking tho 
it was gud i had a half day ydai nw i have 2 face ma mates 
It was hard putting the kids down for the evening..I think they know they only have 4 more daze of school left. 
It was horrid  I wish I could have been too! Two more schools and I get to go home!
It was just a dream 
it was kinda nice being disconnected from the world...but now I'm back to dealing with it again. escape to Kville over. 
it was like 100 degrees her today.woah...Secret Life at 8, and Jon and Kate after, but too bad we already know what happens 
it was made in a round cake tin, it came out retarded  and it sank on me. Im not the best cook.
It was nothin, this shoe never fails to dissapoint 
It was ok, just really brownie chunks. Not swirls like the commercial 
it was only to bed 
It was opposit for me I loved conan its his show just earlier! max rocked as always and hated the pearl jizzam 
it was quite boring Baroque,even that la Lohan was there 
It was quite embarrassing to keep putting the weight down while a very pretty and *incredibly* bendy lady was watching 
it was rather unfruitful 
It was really easy to park but now we are stuck hopelessly in one lane pile up. It hasn't shown any signs of movement for 20 minutes 
it was said that i look fat in a few pictures taken today..  is it true??
It was so hot yesterday and now its raining?and i just got my car washed 
it was so nice and sunny this morning, and now the sky is like pitch black  i wanted to go swimming today!
It was so wonderFULL ... Eisley and Max rocked the house! ...ps. the croud talked during the opener 
It was SOOO effing hot today.  I wanted to shoot someone.  PLUS my feet have blisters.  NOT good, not good at all 
It was strep  now must prevent spread
it was such and ugly, hot, and humid day today 
It was supposed to be a surprise. I was supposed to be apart of it. You promised chocolate cake. You didnt deliver 
it was supposed to be kept as a secret.. now it's getting worster.. 
it was the last day on highschool today  snufs
It was the sambuca shots that have floored me  not v clever.
It wasn't a good day .. 
It wasnt a good movie 
it wasn't as simple 
It wasn't Harry Potter that woke me up. It was the bowl of Cheerios smashing on the floor. 
It wasn't. 
It WAZ chocholate chip and Co0ki3 Dough   .. ..
it went bad when he died, but it was very nice when the mother and daughter were close again. me and mum are crying  funny ladies we are
It went really well! But the vid didnt work.  im sad
It will be fun times in #MurrayKy today as I get to enjoy mowing they yard with a push mower in a heat index near 100!  I can't wait! 
it will be my second year that i will not be there 
It will be ok. Won't it? 
It will be raining forever for us @portgreen 
It will be windy each afternoon on the coast this wknd- great for kite-flying on the beach- not so great for crabbing/fishing- choppy 
It will just cause drama between me &amp; my husband which laws wld luv 2 c 
it wont let me keep posting it  LOST THE GAME #ilostthegame
It won't let me upload a profile piccy !  x
it won't let me vote for @tommcfly 
It won't load the page so I can vote for Tomalom 
It won't post my tweets 
It would appear that Demigod fucked me. After restarting my comp about an hour ago I had to run repair disk. Demigod no longer works now 
It would appear that the neighbours have noticed my wifi leaching 
It would appear that youtube links don't work on Twitter  anyway hillarious video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v= jXNmCgOUVBo
It would b rainy the day im flying 
it would be a miracle if I passed my algebra regents 
it would be a shame to say you lost me .. but if you want that its a RAP and i wont look bak *boys suck ..throw rocks @ them!* 
it would be better if my babe was here 
It would be cheaper to buy it in the UK and have it shipped here.  That's just not funny. That really isnt. I'm going to find a library.
It would be nice to get to bed before 11:00 when I got get up at 4:30, lucky me! 
it would be sweet if i could start work anytime soonn.... no wikdwood this weekend  boo*
It would be useful if I could remember how to play Uncharted... got into a game in 2 minutes last night... no joy today 
It would rain today! 
IT wouldn't upload onto Facebook either  http://twitgoo.com/pe1h
It you be nice if i could find a way to sleep 
it`s all just a short dream. never see that comimg. it turned my smile  :'(
it`s like i need some rest..  too crowded and so busy today.. x(
It`s raining 
It`s so damm hot here, played a bit with prelink, but somehow don`t like it  Hope my classmates will go with me fishing tomorrow 
It`s so fun to be sick in the summer holidays 
itÂ´s cooooooold Â¬Â¬  I donÂ´t feel like doing hm today xD  but IÂ´ve to  buuuuuu
ItÂ´s raining cats and dogs 
itÂ´s so cold today....hate that 
ItÂ´s start raining now! hmm second cloudy day! 
itÂ´s still raining ... 
italian lesson now! Bored! 
Italian Shaved on the mall is D-licious and all over me!!!  and my printer...  But it is D-Licious!
Italian websites do not like connections from the US.  
Italians square the match, Rossi 58' 
Italieee 
Italy cmon how could you lose 
Itching to play sims but my mum is up and im not allowed on, idk if i should give up and jus go to bed or wait for her to go to sleep 
Itchy boobs! 
Itchy everywhere 
It'd be nice if I could actually get paid on pay day. 
ithink i scared my unofficial boyfriend #1 away,  ,,,,,,where's # 2 lol Sike!!!!
Itï¿½s a hard day today   But tomorrow is a great day, becaus I drive with friends to Phantasialand in Cologne!
itï¿½s a rainy day  happy birthday uncle!
Itï¿½s meeting time 
itï¿½s so boring 
ities &amp; everyday people ! If u hear it , plz dont pass it on ! 
It'll be a sad day when the Apprentice is on TV but Margaret is nowhere to be seen!! 
it'll be hard to resist a green one  so any thoughts on this 1? http://bit.ly/pSH2H
it'll take 3 days for my sister to get her passport 
It's  a house show day- too far away 
It's  impossible to loose u cuz I nvr had u  yet u keep coming back.
Its  raining and its cold outside.  Winter coats again. 
it's  so DOPE it's so rainy outside can't go and hang out w/ friends 
It's  stopped raining here!  so happy the son is shining and the temps are warm enough to hit the pool...although I will clean house... 
It's #friday &amp; no art has been approved....NONE!  And our right-hand-man is leaving back to Brazil...for good nxt wed.  
it's #musicmonday and i got no music. 
it's 01:13am and i'm sooo tired 
Its 0530 in the morning and its already hot out 
It's 1:00AM and I can't sleep. 
its 1:01 am and Mr Sandman forgot to stop by my house... 
Its 1:11am and both my girls are still up! .. im so tired .. 
it's 1:30 in the morning &amp; i is hungryyy, 
It's 1:30. Do you know where the life of the party is? If you said in bed, sick - Then you're right, thats exactly where I am 
It's 1:30am. I went to bed exhausted 2 hours ago and can not find sleep.  Feels like I have 2 more hours in me.  I need to be up in 4. 
Its 1:31AM so I'm going to get some more sleep. I've been really sleepy latley since ive had this crappy fever.  ZZzzzZzzzZzzZzZzzzz......
its 1:49am, I will not be able to wake up at 5:30 for sure  , my schedule is getting messed up.
It's 1:53pm in jerusalem, 3:53am in LA, and 6:53am in NY HMmmmmm..... and nothing yet on the 3.0 JB  Aaaaahhhhhhhh LoL
It's 10 in the morning...and i'm bored. This really isn't good... 
Its 10 pass 1 - nothing happened in streets - i don't know if it was fake news  ! #iranelection
its 10.50 PM already...Yet i dont wanna go 2 bed!  Oh, and b4 its over,wanna shout out to all the fathers out ther; Happy Father's Day! 
Its 10:30 and we haven't even left yet.... Anytime I do something with my mom were late 
its 10am its 24 degrees C. What a beaut of a day. Perfect for a long session in front of a computer processing photos 
Its 10pm sunday in malaysia. Tomorrow is boring monday and i felt so miserale now thinking about it! 
its 11 AM and NOTHING is on t.v 
It's 11 pm and I think i'm going to bed, got to work tomorrow 
It's 11:05 and I'm already on my lunch break 
it's 11:06 Pm now and I can't sleep even I really want to  Poor me 
its 11:15 PM on a Sunday night..where'd you guess i could possibly be stuck at bcoz of rain...? Pub? Resto? ...no, at office!! Boohooo 
it's 11:18AM in hawaii &amp; i just woke up! i love saturdays...even though i have to work in 2 hours  at least i get monday off!
It's 11:22 and my 10:00 Mos Drf shoe still hasn't started 
It's 11:30 and I am craving starbucks...  I miss Seattle
IT's 11:30 n a friday night and im off too bed, while everyone else is shaking it down...   
It's 11:34 pm and I am freezing my butt off! I hate winter 
It's 1130 and i can't sleep to save my life! 
Its 12 am and I can't go to sleep. I am scared of what I might dream. Because then I will miss him even more 
Its 12:30 at night, and my room is SOOO HOT!! 
It's 12:30 in the morning and I'm researching complications during pregnancy!!  Ugh! But if I want it accurate, I have to research!
It's 12:52, and I'm absolutelly starving, there's nothing in the fridge   http://twitpic.com/8580d
it's 130; and im still up 
Its 150 dollars to change my return flight and I have no money on my card right now, and my mom isn't home... 
its 1600 hours...... soo boredd and my laptop stopped working again  I think it's time to cash in on my extended warranty xD
its 1am and i cant sleep 
It's 1am can't sleep. 
it's 1pm and my cousin isn't here yet, i'm so hungry 
it's 1pm here in Italy... and i should sleep...but i can't... 
It's 2 - zip and I haven't even gotten in yet 
It's 2 a.m feeling like i just lost a friend hope you know its not easy, easy for me 
It's 2 a.m. and i'm cursing your name. I'm so in love, that i'm acting insane 
its 2 am and im not sleepy 
Its 2 dark 2 see him    (tblank live &gt; http://ustre.am/35v8)
It's 2 early in the morn 4 any1 2 fcuk w/ me...feeling extra cranky, still got a lot on the brain and not much hours of sleep 
its 2 humid and wet 2 be outside 
Its 2.30 in da mornin nd im 2 afraid 2 go 2 sleep incase i wake up not breathin again    :'-( xox
It's 2.55am and I'm wide awake 
it's 2:02AM and i can't go back to sleep 
its 2:08 am. I CAN'T SLEEP!!!!!  i thought it was b/c im hungry, so i whipped up a pb&amp;j with milk. hopefully it works!!!! 
It's 2:15am and I'm feeling wide awake 
It's 2:30AM.. just got home from the Leicester show, good times! I have to be up at 7:30AM for work.. bad times  .. night night!
It's 2:35am... Can't sleep  But I am very much enjoying the lightning &amp; thunderstorms right outside my bedrm windows.
its 20 to 3am and im back in ATL. Now i need to take a shower and get to work tomorrow for my meeting at 10am. Bummer #bonnaroo = over  
It's 2015 soon. I feel so let down that it won't be like in Back to the Future 2  I want my flying car 
Its 211am! And i'm damn hungry 
Its 218am there in la la land  twitter is so quiet at these times
It's 236am. I have a pounding migrane, feel like crap, and I cannot sleep 
ITS 2AM &amp; leavin @ 5AM for a softball tourney.. I think I may just be tired when I wake ..sigh 
It's 2am and I still can't sleep. I have class in 5 hour... 
It's 2am and I'm awake again it's way too hot outside so by room is too  I think I'll open the wibdow
It's 2am and I'm still not tired!  I laid in bed...hopefully it will get me tired. http://twitpic.com/7lrcw
its 2am in italy and i cant fall asleep 
It's 2am, feeling like I just lost a friend... Hope you know it's not easy, easy for me... 
It's 2am. I gotta sleep if not my parents would kill me. Night! 
It's 2PM and I'm still in bed. Stomach has been all over the place since about 6AM. Being under the weather sucks 
Its 3 am in the morning!...and I'm sick &amp; can't sleep. Want to go work on eq'n drums but I'm too weak to get to my laptop 
It's 3 freaking 20 am. 
it's 3 in the morning and i'm still not asleep 
Its 3.16am and i am hungry, but i can't really go and eat, it would wake my parents and that spells trouble 
It's 3:15 AM and I have to be awake for work in 4 hours  Not cool
it's 3:17am and i'm Awake...   i have to sleep
It's 3:30am and I can't go back to sleep. I woke up @2:10, and been tossing and turning ever since. I have to get up in about 2 hours!  
its 3:32am. im not tired. &amp;&amp; nobody that im following on twitter has updated in the past 2 hours. i feel alone 
its 3:37am cant sleep 
its 36 d' celcius @ stone mountain... Pretty hot out here 
its 3AM and im still awake. aghhh... 
It's 3am. I woke up because I just had a horrible horrible dream. Can't sleep now 
It's 3am... not yet done. 
it's 4.18 pm .. nothin to do.. 
Its 4.58am am already up with a really bad headache - anyone would think i was the one drinking 
it's 4:05 am.I feel really wired now. I found Hal Sparks.Aw ...Fucking A ! I miss the LOGO channel 
It's 4:06am and being sick is keeping me awake. I just want to be better and go back to sleep. 
Its 4:15am and I can't sleep  Watching a rerun of The L Word on LOGO TV
its 4:25am here,time to sleep  nite
It's 4:30 AM, do you know where your sleep is? Oh, you do? I wish I knew where mine was... 
it's 4:33am and i can't sleep 
Its 4:35AM and I need to sleep!!! No ideas for my new site?  http://bit.ly/h0tWT
it's 4am and I can't get to sleep  not good when I gotta be on top of my game later (revision wise!) :'( anybody have a sleeping remedy?!
Its 4am and i cant sleep... God, i just hate myself sometimes... 
It's 5 in the morning and I suddenly have the strongest craving for a burger and fries.  Pretty sure nothing will be open on the way home 
its 5:00pm... MY LAPTOP IS NOT WORKING! 
It's 5:15am and about to go on fishing charter, hope I'm not sick this time 
Its 5:22am and iv woken up panicing about english exam today  that so gna catch up with me in geography exam in the afternoon. Bummer 
Its 5:30am why are ppl calling me don't they know its hard for me to fall back asleep 
It's 5:40 am I can't get back to sleep..  I'm gonna miss this extra 50mins later today
It's 5:45....why the heck am I still up?!?!?! 
it's 5:50am and i cannot believe i am awake. work until 3 
It's 5:58am, I can't go back to sleep,.. Peyton just left for work 45mins ago..  it's going to b worse next month when he deploys (
It's 530 am do you know where your kids are? If I'm your kid then they're WORKING!!! 
It's 5AM and we just got woken up by Tomas having bloody diarrhea all over the carpet! Poor Tomas he is still really sick 
It's 5am on a Sunday morning, I've been up since Saturday night. This trend sounds familiar. Seems befitting  ... Really? Again?
It's 5pm now in Dublin / I'm tired / I have to drive 3 hours at 11pm tonight! 
Its 6 am and I'm awake. I woke up @ 5am  whyyyy. That's like 5 hours of sleep.I'm going to regret this later :|
its 6 in the morning and i am unable to sleep...i need someone in my bed to cuddle with 
It's 6 now, time to leave office ^^  Kind of lazy again today.. lots of tasks still pending.    But hey, at least I approved some claims..
it's 6 pm and i just woke up  ... super lazy sunday ...... i have a lot of uni work to do 
its 6.34 am here in Sydney, Just about to hit the bed....hoping someone special calls me in the morning...someone i miss very much 
its 6:00 in the morning and i'm finally going to bed. my sleeping schedule is sooo messed up 
its 6:35 AM and i gotta go to school  6:36 , but im going to darien lake tomorrow rain or shine im gonna go on every ride 6:37
It's 6:35am and I can't sleep   *sigh*
it's 6:45 in the morning and it's still too hot outside! 
its 601amn i cant sleep!!!!actually i wanna sleep but im soooo f* bored 2 move from my chair!!!im gonna sleep on my laptop..... 
It's 6am and I am going to Wimbledon (this time, without a ticket  ) This is going to be a long day at the queues... Go Murray!
its 6pm and where is my iphone 3.0 download???? nowhere to be seen. It's still telling me 2.21 is up to date 
it's 7 degrees in my south facing bedroom office, but a balmy 16 degrees outside. I am wearing gloves, scarf &amp; hat - with a sunny view. 
It's 7:30 and its dark still  not looking good for a monday
It's 7:30. Why can I not sleep? 
Its 7:40 am.. feeding our boy.. Richie has a fever  My Poor love! - Baby
it's 7:52 and I'm up.  can't sleeeeeep!!!! Watching Runs House! 
It's 7:57am on a saturday &amp; I'm already awake. Last night was great, I went out yet again, but my stomach isn't better by now. I hate it 
its 77 degrees out in NYC and I'm here at work 
It's 7am and I'm awake. There goest sleeping routine. Grrr!!! Well goodnight &amp; good morning.    Ps: I got a text but no call from [him] 
It's 7am and on M4 near Windsor and stuck in traffic 
its 8 22 am, im so tired work for 6 hours  plus i have an interview thing which i cba tbh xx
its 8.00 and i am sooo ready for bed. how sad?? but it has been the longest weekend... and its up early tomorrow 
it's 8:16 on a Monday morning, my brain is fried/garbage, and I have no idea why 
It's 8:30AM Sunday and I'm awake. I had a terrible night. 
It's 8:40am... I've been awake for nearly 2 hours 
its 8:53 i'm tired and about to go to bed. i feel old  but its too boring to stay awake.
its 80 degrees in my apartment 
It's 80 degrees out at 10pm. *whew* Way too hot here. 
It's 82 degrees and gorgeous out.. And I'm stuck in the library because I have a midterm in 2 hours.. so lame!! 
it's 85 degrees in OBX reaching over 92 today.. nice and sunny.. in Jersey it's 62 and raining.. awesome 
It's 8am and my day is already sucks 
It's 9 pm already??!! Where the hell did the time go?? 
its 9.40 and still no footy show 
its 9:10 and im wide awake   wahh
It's 9am and I'm awake even after a night of drinking! Messy! Work at 12 
It's a 2:2 
It's a bad start to the day when you're sweating your butt off before 0930 at the range 
It's a beautiful day and I can only enjoy it from the window. I hate feeling like a 93 year old 
it's a beautiful day and I feel sick. 
Its a beautiful day and im inside cleaning 
Its a beautiful day and I'm stuck here working at the computer... 
Its a beautiful day outside and I am stuck in the doctors office 
It's a beautiful day outside today, shame I'm stuck in the office with the blinds shut to stop glare. 
It's a beautiful day today, heading out to pick up Gran Torino on DVD, will probably grab a Pizza for dinner, working early tomorrow... 
It's a beautiful day, too bad I gave up the sun.   Debating just one hour if I cover my face and bewbies.
its a beautiful night, im stuck inside feelin ill instead of being a crazzzzzzzy ass party! 
It's a beautiful Saturday and I'm stuck inside doing laundry 
It's a beautiful summer day and I'm stuck inside going to classes and doing schoolwork  .
it's a blah day today. cloudy and cool.  gonna play lazy and do as little as possible.
It's a brand new day with kinda soggy lips. This is getting old I know 
Its a brilliant sat noon and i'm stuck in camp  - http://tweet.sg
It's a call i'll never get. 
its a cloudy day in cali...  when will the sun come out?
It's a cold and rainy Saturday. I'm not feeling well.  I think I'll go make tea with some mint and lemon verbena.Then, a nap. Later tweeps
Its a cracking day and i am stuck in the house not well 
It's a crappy day in the poconos....rain and chilly....where did spring go?? 
Its a damn shame Brad paisley is married 
its a day for painting,  as no sunshine here yet 
It's a dismal day in London today, back to my boots and winter coat  Was that our summer last week?
Its a dull day today  No more sun now, But just got up and eating musli for breaky
its a few weeks to summer and it is fucking snowing.. i just put away all of my winter gear. 
It's a flareful day (RA) - ouch 
It's a fly who is flying around me all day long!  It drives me craaaaaaaaazy! :S
its a friday and i have nothing to do but sit here and waste my time on twitter and facebook.. i'm sooo lame ! 
It's a gloomy day...and I am at work... 
It's a glorious day here in Bournemouth, but I sadly have to work 
It's a glorious hot summers day and I'm stuck roasting in a flat covered in sawdust. It's a hamsters life for me today. 
It's a good thing I've had the same cell phone # for 10 years, just got a call from an old friend. 
it's a gorgeous day in Toronto! Yet I'm watching the Simpsons and cleaning house ahead of the family's visit tomorrow 
It's a gorgeous sunday - and I'm sitting in a conference room, alone, with no windows.  
it's a gorgeous sunny day out there... and I have to rebuild this database indoors 
It's a great evening for grilling out!  Absolutely perfect in every way!  Except you're not here 
Its a great night for baseball although were losing 
it's a grim day here    Kiddo going to placement
it's a grumpy day  tomorrow will be brighter!
Its a happy ending! She fell in love with a man who she nvr thought she cld fall with,cuz why?she hate him first and voilaa.. Fiuhh 
It's a holiday Monday, and I have no plans, and no company. 
It's a horrible rainy day here In Dumfries! 
It's a hot and sunny day today. Not ideal if you got to learn for exams   I would prefer relaxing and doing nothing.
It's a hot day and I'm on a crowded bus...this isn't pleasant! 
it's a long way out here to this place. and plus there's bad cell phone service. 
It's a long weekend and yet I still woke up at 8am.  Why? 
its a lovely day n im stuck inside an office...GREAT 
its a lovely summer day and im stuck inside working  oh well, at least i got some early tanning in this morning.
It's a monday today, but no college! Yay! But it's not a holiday  oh no my friends. It's 'study leave'... 
Its a new day, in a great mood becuase my aunt just made me the most amazen bacon sandwidge ever on the other hand my throat is sore 
its a nice day...but all I wanna do is sleep  I need motivation
It's a rainy BLEH ! DAY 
it's a rainy day =/ adioos toga y virrete 
It's a rainy day in the big D, plus I just heard the Mariah Carey diss record to Eminem! WHACK! When it rains it pours. 
It's a rainy day today. 
It's a rare Dry Day for me  - Chief Greenbud - Dry Day..http://bit.ly/11w1Z  â™« http://blip.fm/~7drhm
its a really boring day tomorrow school 
It's a really nice day outside, and I have nothing to do with it. 
It's a really warm day in Seattle! My reeses chocolate is melting!!! 
It's a sad day 
It's a sad day for beer drinking movie goers. The Speakeasy theaters are no more 
its a sad day for me... my car is officially gone..... 
it's a sad day in the tennis world ... Nadal lost ... Mom's so upset 
It's a sad day indeed when Jay-Z hits the top tweet trending trends in front of D-Day  Again, I thank those fallen soldiers and heroes!!!
Its a sad day my friends - I just gave up my gym membership!! 
its a sad day when you run dry 
It's a sad day... My mom washed my favorite scarf and it got ruined. 
It's a sad day....my cousin's dog, Ginger, was put to sleep because of kidney failure 
its a sad, sad day  Im selling one of the puppies today 
its a saturday morning &amp; baby hannys not here 
it's a shame how benny hill died @nixsight ...neglected &amp; ridiculed...a fucking tragedy imho 
It's a shame I can't get the NYT Sunday edition here  I love more reading the whole thing, every section, getting all the information 
It's a shame my mum wont let me be an actress im very guud   she thinks i can sing and all but wont let me be a actress, i looked up alot!
Its a shame that I need to get a package... its only cause i need an amp for it too... 
It's a shame that I work this morning and can't watch the whole Burn Notice marathon 
it's a shame that the acts of some individuals have to fuck it up for other people 
It's a shame that there doesn't seem to be anything as nice as TortoiseSVN for the mac 
Its a slow day on twitter today 
It's a sunny day! I don't wanna go out 
It's a sunny monday... and I have to work! 
It's a tomato soup evening, looks more like november out than june 
it's a totally depressing week  #fb
it's a tough week... 
Its a ugly day in Hacienda Heights 
It's a uni-corn! No wait...it's just a bit of corn suck to a dog 
It's a very family focused week. Both kids birthdays plus parent-teacher interviews. Lacking time to twitter.  Feel very deprived!
Its a very sad day  my cat has going missing and my dog is very sick.. Miss u Oscar please come home Aussie get better !!
It's a weekend - finally get to sleep in. Yet I'm awake at 9!  
its a wonderful day for working!! 
its a work day...ugh 
It's a wrap .......next game Orlando &amp; Lakers....Guess what I don't care for either! 
It's a wrap...until 830 tomorrow morning 
It's a write-off   Oh well, leaving the city soon to see M and D for T.
It's about time that spin.com released the &quot;Purplish Rain&quot; album for download!  I checked at 2 A.M. which was technically 6/23 and nada 
its about to rain like a bitch 
It's absolutely roasting, no way I'm going to get to sleep in this heat 
It's all a conspiracy I tell ya'! LOL Now my internet is down! 
It's all about self control 
Its all about that splashberry from Ihop! My strawberries are already gone though 
Its all clear to me now. 
Its all fun &amp; games til ur RVs generator goes out &amp; ur stuck in ATL when u should be driving thru Tennessee.  #vacation #fail
It's all fun &amp; games until someone tells you to &quot;F*** off&quot; and you have no idea if they're kidding. I haz a big sad. 
It's all fun and games until the chihuahua takes a crap on the rug. 
It's all gone quiet in my back yard... 
It's all gone wrong.... 
It's all grey and cloudy here and my Dad is sending me photos from sunny Gran Canaria 
its all nick  theres barelyy anyy joe !
Its all over  I love grads of 09
It's all over folks.  Coach Amundson is leaving Mandan 
It's all over! Prac is finished  One of the best experiences of my life  Will miss all my students 
It's almost 11 o'clock and I haven't had dinner  There's nothing to eat.. so guess I have to bake brownies.
its almost 11 pm &amp;&amp; I need some sleep. Omg we have singing practice tomorrow. Noooo  i hate school so far.
It's almost 11am and the heat in my office is barely bearable......  I could transform into Mrs. Hyde any minute now.
it's almost 12am.... Just wishing myself one last happy first mothers day..  thanks me.
Its almost 4 am and I am watching bleach on hulu... Man I need a life! 
its almost 4am ,wtf am i up , i have 11am class 
Its Almost 5am and I only had 2hrs of sleep lastnight off to work in a few 
it's almost comforting to know all LDN people not working on this beautiful day will get skin cancer.... I want out of this office now 
it's almost father's day...  R.I.P daddy
IT'S ALMOST FOR MY TUTOR TO COME. 
It's almost midnight and it's still 86 degrees outside. 
it's almost monday again  boooo
its almost the work week 
its already 1 in the a.m. I need to sleep, especially since I have to be at school for 12 hours 
It's already 2:10. This is progress because i used to fall asleep at 5. But i want to be asleep by midnight. 
Its already been a crazy morning and its ONLY 1030 
it's already midnight 
it's already midnight and I'm hungry..i guess i'd better sleep instead of having supper.haha.my supper is my exam material. 
Its already sunday evening..tomorrow is school again.  Summer get here quick and thats an order!! 
It's already tuesday and I have 4 essays to edit by 9am 
it's alright it's ok.im so much better without you. 
It's also unavailable online.  But is rumored to be BDG!
It's also very frustrating that I miss out on such amazing posts. 
it's always a dilemma to choose between doing things yourself and filling the role of 5 persons or delegating and waiting forever! 
It's always a frown with Gordon Brown &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
its always at this time that i dont want to switch off the com 
It's always good find out that you are the black sheep in a situation... 
It's always good to go home. Too bad my girlfriend can't tag along 
It's always nice to b awakened before 06:00, especially after turning in after midnight  I love our two boys !
it's always sad to have to see someone leave.. bye cris! 
It's always so sad the first time I have to wash a hoodie. They never recover 
it's always southern illinois coal miner reps flapping their gums against climate change bills 
It's always way to dark by the time I get to the oval for my after work run  Still managed to put in some decent effort though.
it's always winter, but never Christmas 
its amaazing, i'm the reason. Everybody fired up this evening. I don't wanna do work 
its amazin i actualy mis talkin to u guys, i hav no 1 els to talk to cuz they r always busy 
its amazing but i feel awful! 
It's amazing how companies take your money (card etc.) in  a second but it takes them days to weeks to refund you.  
its amazing how in a moment everything can change. i dont know what to do 
Its amazing how much faster (and earlier!) I wake up when my dog is coughing and I'm worried about her as opposed to an alarm. Poor puppy 
it's amazing how much i miss my car.  been without him for 12 hours.  wont get him back until tues.  hopefully no later. 
It's amazing how strongly you can feel for someone, even when they don't feel the same. 
It's an absolutely beautiful morning here in LDN. On day 6 of my 10 day stint at work. Friday is my day off - ahh, it seems so far away! 
It's an awesome start to the day when you snag (&amp; tear a hole in) the sleeve of your leather jacket. 
It's an enjoyable day just chilling with @aefre and watching some TV. Too bad it's almost time to head back to Denver. 
its annoying in my crossword for my homework n it says to find ambitious but it only has ambition 
It's annoyingly good weather outside. It taunts me as I stare through the window 
It's another boring Saturday night here.. might have to rent a movie, since hockey season is over 
Its another gorgeous day outside. I will be admiring through my office window 
It's another sunny day! Unfortunately I have to work 'til 8  ... but four more sleeps and I'm off
It's apparent that Trace doesn't want me here in twitterville 
its approaching father's day... i hate my dad. 
It's attacking me baaaack! *cough cough cough* I thought I'll be better than yesterday. But I'm so wrong 
its awesome  watching Eligh fall asleep holding his lil baby cast aww I still cant believe his hand is broke  poor baby
It's awesome outside. And I'm stuck inside studying 
It's awesome that YouTube has Yu-Gi-Oh in Japanese, but there are no subtitles. 
its awesome watching Eligh fall asleep holding his lil baby cast aww I still cant believe his hand is broken  poor baby
It's awesome weather today! And I'm....here?! 
Its back to Seattle weather again 
Its back to the daily grind... At work 
Its back to the regular country station thank god... Although i do miss the end of any souljia boy song... 
It's back to work for me  At least I get off at 2 instead of 8
It's back to work Monday........  
It's back to work tomorrow  Thanks to David Cook, Matt Nathanson and @ryanstar for a great weekend. If u don't know these guys you should!
It's BACON! Well, Morningstar Farms bacon.  Doesn't get burned when overcooked like real bacon.  Nummy, but not real. No burnedness 
It's bad enough I can't go but rubbing it in on the radio in front of my face is not very nice 
Its bad that we cant buy it here 
It's bad when you have nothing to drink in ur fridge except Patron, Cuervo, and Nuvo...I gotta do better 
it's bang on 3... no update 
its bank holiday weekend nd i cant do anything  
it's bank holiday, it's raining &amp; i've been called out &amp; working for 1 hour already this morning   #fb
Its beatiful out in brampton today, but they say its raining tommo for june 20  my birthday..
its beautiful out to bad this means that work is going to be very busy tonight 
it's beautiful out, and i have a 30 page outline to do 
Its beautiful outside just a shame i am stuck indoors working 
It's beautiful outside yet again....and again I can't spend the day playing in the sun 
It's beautiful outside! But I'm stuck inside doing homework 
its beautiful outside....wish I was laying out by the pool but I have to be a &quot;big girl&quot; and go to work..... 
its beddy bye time 
it's beeen onee year 
Its been 2 days 
It's been 2 hours since I woke up and I'm still in bed... If only I could bring Bailey to bed and cuddle with her... poor puppy... 
it's been 2 months since we hopped off the cruise!  it was so long ago that the memories are fading ahaha 
Its been 2 weeks since I've seen Jace. He's grown 
its been 3 days... 
its been 3 minutes since I've seen an earthquake tweet. I'm starting to miss that meme  #earthquake #hawthorn #notreally
it's been 4 days since be last updated! is he still alive??  xxx
it's been 5 years and it's still stupid hard.  i miss my dad.  he was the best guy in the entire world.  
Its been a bad day.. 
Its been a beautiful day all day. Now that I finally get to go home, its raining cats and dogs 
It's been a day of let downs  &amp; disappointments  nothing right except laundry, but let's face it, how hard it is 2 screw up the laundry?
It's been a FML kinda day.  Thankfully, there's always tomorrow... Goodnight World.
It's been a good week.  TGIF.  But I wish I still had a Ducati.  
its been a long day  i can barely keep my eyes open
It's been a long day, though I'm not really sure why. I guess because I've been away from @nypudge for most of it. That's just sad. 
It's been a LONG day.  AND Deon/ Jimmy, you know that this worried Momma has been crying allllll day.    Drinking some wine.
It's been a long day...and I slept through most of it. 
It's been a long time since we both had a good laugh and I hate it that we both have to return to separate homes. 
its been a long week and the end isn't in sight yet 
It's been a month with @DavidArchie and Cook!  it was so much fun!!
It's been a sad seven days in the smooth jazz world... R.I.P. Wayman Tisdale, KKSF and now WNUA... I'm afraid to answer my phone today! 
it's been a week already 
Its been a week and I'm already craving a break. 
it's been a week since i've seen anthony 
its been a week without internet  danggg how long tilll i get it back?!!
its been a while I had a sit down proper meal and when I finally had one, it got my tummy very ummset 
It's been a while since a nightmare woke me up at 5:00 AM; I haven't missed it. 
its been a while since i've fallen asleep beside him &lt;--- i miss this 
Its been a while.  Why did I lose over 20,000 songs on my external hard drive?!?!  Now I have to start over at square one 
It's been a year now since he passed away  When is it going to get easier? R.I.P. Pretty Pretty
it's been about 3 hours since I went to drop off my mom @ the airport &amp; I already miss her 
its been all day &amp; heard nothing from my girl @anthrFAKEKSTEW  haha where r u?? &amp; every1 FOLLOW HER! shes GREAT! &lt;3
It's been always raining  and a bit cold..it is s*cks
It's been an emotional week. I didn't know how hard it would be to say goodbye to my friends as we transfer elsewhere and my teachers 
It's been an hour since I took a Benadryl. Why am I still awaaaaaaaaake? 
its been awhile since ive downloaded songs... hmm i'll do that right now. memorized 3 chapters of my spanish oral so farr. 11 more to go 
Its been cloudy all day  but i fink its supose to improve in a few days so yayy x
it's been freaking long since i last read a good book. a trip to the bookstore is due but dunno if i can go this weekend! 
It's been madness here at work so no tweeting for me. I feel like I'm missing out on all your wonderful randomness 
its been one lazy day.  my sister's said they are having a great time. yay. tommorow we lay by the pool. 
its been only 5 days since i broke up with my gf and i miss her for some reason 
It's been over 7 hours and my iPhone is still not activated.  haha http://tinyurl.com/ndn9g6
it's been over a month with my knee hurting! ... hate doctors, they don't do anything 
Its been raining alll day today  what an awful day for a wedding.
It's been raining allllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll day in Chicago  ughh
it's been raining almost a week now i guess. 
It's been raining for like 5 hours now  horrible day. Gonna get my creative skillz out laters for some for my fathers day present :]
It's been raining in Scotland all day 
it's been raining on and off tonight.    our house does not have roof shingles now.. ã?¾ã?Ÿé›¨é™?ã‚Šå‡ºã?—ã?¦ã?—ã?¾ã?£ã?Ÿã€‚é›¨æ¼?ã‚Šã?—ã?ªã?„ã?‹ã?¨ã?¦ã‚‚å¿ƒé…?ã?§ã?™ã€‚
it's been so long since i frenched a girl  (link has the best frenching instructions so pls see)  http://m.assetbar.com/achewood/uua6W9ctk
Its been sort of a slow week in some ways. I just want it to be friday   soon enough
its been such a long day and i'm still not asleep yet.. 
It's been such a long day. Haven't even started my home work 
It's been the longest day ever! I still haven't eaten a thing all day 
its been three days since the auditions and i still didnt get that role this sucks!!!!!!!!!!  iam very sad
It's been three weeks since my last kiss. 
it's been too long since i went to see a movie... 
it's been too long that maybe i've forgotten that feeling.  i miss them. deepest condolences~
It's been two months since we lost my grandad and it's still the little things that upset me like having to lay the table for one less 
it's beer o'clock and still in the office 
Its beginning to get way too hard to please all of my friends at once 
It's belated I know, but I just bought Call of Duty 4, I now need a ANOTHER harddrive. my main drive is running dramatically low on space 
its better to see things plan and simple but dont give up its not the end its just a new chapter in life sumthing i learned in my life  &lt;3
It's bizarre how many sad tweets, unrequited love tweets, lonely tweets you see on the public timeline. Makes me sad. 
its bloody raining! ... but I guess its my fault I was hopeful and didn't bring an umbrella to work this morning.  
its boilin today. Wot is with the weather these days. 
it's bored holiday 
its boring in the train. just listening to music. i cant do anything coz i take an umbrella on the left hand 
its boring outside 
Its boring without rain 
It's boring... I don't like to learn when the sun shines 
it's bout to rain  I'm so tired of this weather lately
Its breaking my heart for the ppl..just yesterday I was talkin abt the plane crash I was supposed to be on,but luckily missed the flight 
its broken though 
it's BS that mms is ready for use on 3.0 
It's bucketing down! Our weather matches Moto GP 
It's by last night in Vegas.  Hoping to go out with a bang. Seeing my third Cirque show tonight - Ka. Have only heard rave reviews.
Its called a brakedown, and its not fun, 
Its called a breakdown. Its not fun &gt;.&gt; 
It's called communifuckingcation.....learn it, know it, do it. These stupid ass people! 
its child cruelty to make children go to school in this heat 
Its chilly n lonley n this livingroom 
It's close for Erinn, but she didn't made it. 
Its closing time ... off of work and now on to class 
it's clouding here in Modena...no bike for me today! 
It's cloudy and depressing outside  where did mr. Sun go
It's cold  I need some kind of breakfast...
its cold  i wish summer would come back!!
It's cold  may need to re asses my going to the gym with shorts
it's cold &amp; kinda sprinkling outside, no jacket 'cause I 4got it at home 
It's cold and early and I don't want to be here. 
It's cold and it feels like Monday 
its cold and raining i wanna go back to TURKEY!! 
It's cold and raining outside. What a way to start off the week. 
Its cold and rainy here at the beach. Not fun! All my friends are gone.....nothing to do and no one to talk to!!  Wish no one left
it's cold and wet and i want snuggles 
it's cold in here today 
It's cold in here, 
it's cold in the office. 
its cold now. weather needs to make up its mind 
Its cold out 
It's cold today.  Haha.
its cold wet and grey must be a bank holiday 
Its cold!!! Cuddle buddy where are you? 
It's cold, I'm hungry and @alyssapromise won't wake up. She keeps telling me she &quot;will get up&quot;... she has yet to do so. My tummy hurts. 
Its cold. 
It's cold. I don't do cold 
It's cold. I hate the cold. I hate cold in May even more 
Its coldddd! And I don't have a long sleeved white shirt or a work jacket. 
Its coldish 
Its coming rain again in souther Brazil? 
It's coming to an end.... Lived, Partied, and argued with Al for 4 years and in 5 weeks time we go our separate ways. 
Its compulsory to wear nice clothes to work today. 
it's confirmed. he's gone 
Its confirmed. I am starting this week with an awful code. Between the coughing and sneezing I am ready to strangle myself 
It's confusing  I think they should just put up one timetable I hate this
It's cool that I'm over 100 followers now... but it sucks that a lot of them are spammers... 
It's cool. Raining. Dark. It's Monday. I'm tired. Why did I get up 
its cooolllddd outside. and my phone doesnt work, 
it's crazy how 0NE year ago today was one of the happiest days of my life &amp; look @ it now. Ughhh this is depressing, but i can't cry 
Its crazy mondays like this that i wana just go home, chill &amp; watch Kyle XY. Man i miss that show so much! 
It's currenlty raining here in NJ  I hope it stops before 12:00 or we WILL be getting rained on at Bamboozle today.
It's currently June 17th, 1:42AM and iPhone 3.0 software update is still not available!!  Come on Apple!! I want it now!!!
its d last day i'm getting online..! 
it's damn hot 
Its damn hot in our classroom 
it's damn lonely isolated in my room  stupid homework
It's dark already at 10pm in the middle of summer  I wanna move from the uk  http://twitpic.com/7hsqh
ITS dark in here  and i cant get on ourworld (
its day one of my ivf injections so let the fun begin 
Its days like these when I hate being ginger. I have sunburn! 
It's d-day for orange tabby. why can't i have a huge yard and be a crazy cat lady? i would take him in a heartbeat. 
Its deff. gona be the Great Depresion part II at the 315 with out Sarah Chaves 
Its definitly way too early to be waking up during summer. Goodmorning monday. Hello 530AM practice. 
Its depressing that i have class every day except july 3rd this summer  one more year!
its depressing when u hv less money in the bank 
Its different now 
Its difficult to separate  the teaching method from the material sometimes. 
its difficult wid out internet.. cannot kill time wid out it 
It's DOUBLE.....no,TRIPLE gloomy today...I HAVE NO MORNING COFFEEEEEEEE!!!  NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!  
Its dun...prob nt a gd idea 2 eat it straight away...trust me (hot!!!) 
It's early and I'm already having a rough day....blah. 
Its early in the morning couldnt sleep :S and btw sorry bout my back ground i didnt mean to cut out Joe  iloveyouu Joe&lt;3
Its empty 
It's even worse when Jas is alr 10 mins late!! 
It's excruciating to be in Washington D.C. for the 1st time and not have time to actually SEE the city.   I need to come back to visit.
It's fabulous outside this morning, the storm really freshened everything up.  Shame I have to sit in this office all day 
its far too early to be up !.........miserable day aswell 
Its far too hot 
It's father's day and I miss my daddy. Wishes I could be home and give him a big hug. All I need is a hug 
it's fathers day and i'm not even allowed to go and see my daddy  i hate my mother.
It's Father's Day, and my father isn't here.   But it's okay, because he's enjoying the beach.  Later we're going to see Harry's dad.
It's fathers day.  I miss you daddy 
Its fathers day. Gave my dad his gifts now cuz i wont be home later 
Its felt like an hour and its only been 20minutes...this will be a long 2hours 
It's fido's last day with us 
Its FINALLY my day off!!! Yeah for me!!!!  It has been a long week.  Now to see what is wrong with my CAR???  
it's finally the weekend, and I'm working doubles the whole time 
It's finally the weekends, but it's cloudy 
Its finished now  i cried.  Brillant movie
Its f'n 102 in lv...ugh! Summer has officially arrived 
Its f'n cold here  Another day of cutting bamboo.
it's four in the morning and @ceoramershon and I are on our way home and my tail light is out 
It's freakin hott!!! haha I'm sunburnt...fell asleep in the sun yesterday 
its freaking hot when your air conditioner is not working 
Its freeeeeeezing 
Its freezing 
it's freezing 
Its freezing cold up there! -......-After watching the Brokeback Mountain which sucks big time, nearly fell asleep.
its freezing here 
Its freezing in this room 
Its freezing today 
Its freezzziinnggg I'm tired and still have tpo work 
It's Friday &amp; I'm stuck at work 
it's friday and i have more work today than any other day this week  ugh!!!
its friday and I have nothing at all to do   
it's friday and i just can't bring myself to do any actual work..and i don't wanna spend the wkend in decatur!  i hate that stinkin place!
Its friday and i still feel sad! 
It's Friday and I'm excited for dinner at Dolce tonight. It's closing 
Its friday and i'm sick, story of my life... 
Its Friday evening.... I have two full days to relish.... But still life sucks!!!!! 
it's Friday here in Chicago...and I'm stuck @ home AGH I'M BORED!!! grr! 
its friday night and im cleaning my room  i feel like such a looser haha
its friday night and i'm home with no booze..i feel lifeless and sick 
Its Friday! Its raining  off to work
It's Friday!!! Too bad it's rainy 
IT'S FRIDAY!!!! WOOHOO!!!! After a beautiful week, rain chances will be increasing this weekend 
It's Friday, and my mood leaves much to be desired. Which makes said mood even worse 
Its FRIDAY, I'm in love!!!!!  Well, its actually Saturday now... I guess I missed my window  awww
It's Friday, it's date night, but my date is 350 miles away 
It's Friday, nothing to do, and it's boring 
Its friday. I miss bikini girl on idol  [W!$3_dud3]
It's Friday... But its only Friday morning. Ugh. 
It's Friday... but the sun doesn't shining... 
ItS fRiDaY... I cAn'T wAiT tO bE dOnE wItH wOrK!!! Stuck here till 11 
Its fucked up when thts ur view @uptownla and this is mine  http://mypict.me/2ixI
It's fucking 2:36 in the A.M. &amp; I can't sleep. &amp; now I'm sad for various reasons. 
It's fucking 57 degrees &amp; raining...people wonder why I want to move from Chicago. LOOK OUTSIDE!! It's June and the weather still sucks! 
It's fucking hott in my room and can't sleep. 
It's fucking sold out everywhere!!! 
It's fun finding other Giants fans on Twitter.  But I'm getting off now, because sadly my TV is not next to my computer... 
It's fun naming emoticons their real emotions. I miss Alex.  Heeeee.
It's funny cuz u can't delete iphone tweets. Did I mention @castle03 has a tiny cock? He sent me pics 
It's funny how even now I still think that @jonasbrothers were/are worth all of this! Lets just hope they get my message and call 
It's funny how I am posting my Tweets from my Blackberry, yet is says I am posting from the web - strange! 
Its funny how much I stand out here in Paris... I want to blennnd in lol... and I have runs in my tights 
It's funny how much less I update since Twitteroo broke 
It's funny how people think they can treat me however they want and still be friends. WRONG! I'm done with that. 5 years down the drain 
Its Funny How The Weather Mirrors Your Mood..  x
its funny when you prank call someone but really annoying when it happens to you... 
Its gettin bad out  im scared without my hubband!
Its gettin chilli out. Knew i should have grabbed my jacket. And i kinda messed up my kicks man. 
Its getting cold 
its getting cold again....   wearing winter jacket/vest thing inside my home!!
IT'S GETTING COLDER OUT 
its getting dark now, depression is coming in like a flood of carbon monoxide. the weekend is over  tears.
its getting easier, but i'm dreading graduation 
it's getting hard to converse online, e.g. ppl. post on twitter, FF and FB are updated, ppl commenting on twitter, FF &amp; FB - i'm lost 
Its getting harder to watch Army Wives knowing my husband is deploying next year 
It's getting light outside and the birds are Singin I'm Layin here wide awake with fuckin back pain 
its getting really windy out there 
its getting to the point where im dying to get out the house, go to school and get this metabolism thing to fuck off  x
Its getting worse this storm and it keeps crackling my pc screen  I fear for its health
it's getting worse, i can't even breath properly 
its gloomy outside... it makes me sad 
It's glorious outside. Why am I stuck indoors 
Its gnna rain ALL next week 
Its going be crazyyyyy in the city an queenz 2night..fuck it I'm jus not going 2 drink an jus leave the parties early..booooooo 
It's going to be a &quot;photography day&quot; today, shame the weather is so dull 
It's Going To Be A Busy Day  And That Sucks Cause I Wanted To Spend Time With Someone Earlier Today
It's going to be a busy week before my boyfriend took off  but I'll probably going to have a good time.
It's going to be a long 6 days 
It's going to be a long day 
its going to be a long day tomorrow! 
Its going to be a long night twitter world. Just you and me! Wow! How sad?  Trip to Somerset? 
It's going to be a loooong day. But that's ok because it's going to end at Cinderella's Royal Table. Last time on the internet for 8 days 
It's going to be a loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnngggggggg night at work 
It's going to be a proper Monday today        it's going to drag like mother !!! Role on 3 and j haven't even started yet D'oh!!
it's going to be a quiet day w/o @heatherjoy_76 
Its going to be a rainy week again... 
its going to be a sad moment when I go home and eat that last choc rice krispie treat  i'm already sad just thinking about it!
its going to be HOT!!! 
It's going to be in the 90's here today.  Better cut my grass before it's too hot 
It's going to be one HOT day.... 
its going to be very hard August is very far away  I think i can do it, I hope so.
Its going to rain 
Its going to rain  http://mypict.me/R2n
It's going to rain today and I forgot my umbrella.  Hopefully I can get to work before it does or I'll have to dodge raindrops...
It's going to star a new diet and routine tomorrow (Again!)  
It's going to start raining ... Heavily  I wanted to go out today ...
It's GONE. 
its gonna be 1 A.M till xbox live comes back on. @EthanGroves 
Its gonna be a boring week cause everyone's on vacation 
It's gonna be a crappy day. Bad start already, tired, cranky...private study periods are killing me...help  !
Its gonna be a horrible sunday i think,i hate to to think 
its gonna be a long day 
it's gonna be a long day 
its gonna be a long day at work  and vye's gonna be mad that my tardiness is becoming persistent. :/
It's gonna be a long day. I'm not looking forward to it at all. I wish it was May 10th, again. 
its gonna be a long day...my lil monster is sick. 
its gonna be a long dayy 
Its gonna be a lonnnng day at work tomorrow! 
its gonna be a loonngg day!!!! ugh 
It's gonna be a loooong summer 
It's gonna be a loooooong day in the office if the weather is as good as yesterday 
It's gonna be a rainy day again  I'll just stay inside with a good book than...
It's gonna be a rough day as I was up at various times during the night w/ a coughing &amp; miserable baby. I'm exhausted 
Its gonna be a slow day. All my pts in ICU died over the weekend. 
It's gonna be a super long day 
It's gonna be a warm night  bed time, night tweets xx
It's gonna be another super stressed day today 
its gonna be eff up weeks ahead  God bless me soul http://bit.ly/nTV7e
It's gonna be Lakers and Magic in the champ I would be rooting for Magic this time them guys can play bad! All my fav teams got kO 
it's gonna be raining again. 
its gonna be way too difficult  , but i can put up with it , can't i ? ..... i wish i could be in kindergarten again &lt;3 good old times!!!
Its gonna cost me about R20 000 to get to where i wanna go, where the grass is always green, the city of angels, Los Angeles california. 
it's gonna friggin rain again  England is great really
it's gonna rain today... no biking 
Its gonna snow in the morning  i wish i could be somewhere sunny..
Its gonna suck not getting free apps for the next few days... 
It's gonna take another 30-40 minutes to install/download myst. 
IT'S GOOD NEWS WEEK...I have no more freddo frogs 
It's good to be back on the morning shift. But only for two days 
its gorgeous out n im in bed coughing up a lung 
It's got to that time of day when I can no long see my computer screen do to the sun. Time to close the curtains 
it's great to get a product order, just wish it was from the items in stock 
its great to get paid doing nothing...but sometimes doing nothing can get tiring too...  
It's great to hear from old friends! I'm glad their lives are not as pathetic as mine 
Its grosss out and my umbrella broke  yellow cab home! Eff it
its half pas eleven and I don't feel sleepy yet huam I really want to eat 
it's half past 7, the sun's shining...and I'm off to work  LOL
it's half past six!!! 
it's happening tomorrow! i'm scared. 
It's HAPPY FATHER'S DAY! awww, parents in hk again 
its hard on me..being the one u dont like..cuz i care!!! ...  ...
it's hard saying good bye to friends all the time. I know I'll see them again soon, but still... 
it's hard to be productive when your ass is badly kicked by flu meds and the rerun of F1 qualifications is on 
its hard to fall asleep in someone elses house  http://tinyurl.com/cpsbsf
it's hard to find a good guy today  i really believe that i'll be single for a long long time
its hard to find out what my ex thinking . he always make me confuse!why he always talk to me again even he said he wont?it happen always 
It's hard to get out of bed today....so tired! 
It's hard to let go of the story of you and me  Oh wells.
it's hard to say goodbye to a friend... sadly sending Sheba to a better place today 
It's hard to sing and play guitar at the same time 
Its hard to sleep when my pillow still smells like my baby but he's not here  me no likey
Its hard to sleep with a cold bed 
Its hard to sleep with a lot on yer mind....so deeply depressed 
its hard to sleep with the tv and giggles blaring in the background 
It's hard to stop thinking about someone when all you want to do is be with them 
its hard to understand what life throws at you! 
Its hard to wake up early when you're the ONLY one that's gotta get up and go somewhere.... 
Its hard, but it must be done. I learned that the hard way  just tired of being ditched
Its hard. 
it's harder than i thought 
it's hattttt here. ugh! and i can't breaths....no air comes in  AL ITS TIME FOR THE MERGER! LETS DO IT. EDGAR AGREES!
its hayfever  aww man im not feeling too well 
Its heartbreaking when you find out some1s tru colors aren't as bright as they seemed &amp; you hoped. 
its heavy raining 
It's hell being a little bit good at technology!  So much that's just outside the reach of your fingertips! **stretch** Not working 
It's hell hearing the ice cream man and knowing you have no money. 
Its homework time 
it's hopeless. tweetstat is still not working http://tweetstats.com/ 
its horrendous - 2morrow is teh same in 50s  i hate it  @EricaRobyn123: if it really is June, then why is it in the 40s in chica
Its horrible :/ Now is almost 2am and I cant sleep 
Its horrible out  Raining since last night 
its horrible weather here in england  hope the sun comes out sometime soon. X
Its hot  Ballz have never been so sweaty
It's hot and ac doesn't work 
Its hot and I have to do laundry 
Its hot as a MOFO out here.... Is this really we doing it in the &quot;A&quot;... Geez!! 
It's hot as hell out there. I don't wanna go back out 
It's hot as hellasia  my sweets @Stu_D0gg left me so I could sleep  guess I'll sleep  Night Young World
It's hot in brighton and house hunting is 
it's hot in here *fans self* ya gurl bout to bounce gotta go to church 2morrow n it's like 1am *smh* will prob stream b/c i'm tired 
it's hot out 
Its hot out!  my is burning!
It's hot outside  I want to go swimming and I'm at a swim meet, ironic huh?
Its hot! my apt is like 86 degrees.  
Its hot!!! 
its hot, im frustrated, i just want get away, sigh. 
its hot. and i really don't want to study 
it's hot. and Milo is gone. and i'm sad. 
it's hot. i'm tired. forget snugs  good night! zzzzzzzzzz
its HOTT AS FUCK!!! I DONT WANNA EDIT MY ESSAY 
Its hott out. I think i shall go swimming. Eh i feel empty had my dermals removed and took out some other piercings. 
it's hotter than hades today!! i drove from my house to target in liberty, and my left arm is now darker than my right one!! lame.com 
it's hotter than yesterday! It's all our fault. 
It's Hump Day already?! The weeks go much faster as I'm getting older 
Its impossible to diet when u love carbs as much as I do  gnite to all. Here's to a new week.
its impossible to watch in full ANY flash video with my mac after 5.7 
its indian night at our house...come dressed as your favourite food. ha just kidding about the costumes, but that would be fun 
Its inflamed 
It's international sushi day! Shame I just bought pasta and sauce for lunch 
It's irritating when people fail to comprehend gallows humor. 
Its Jeff's bday today. Wish I was there to celebrate.  a phone call was all I could do.
Its june 16, Still no sign of the Rain, Waiting for rain 
It's June 7, usually warm and summery, and today the temperature isn't even hitting 50F. We have the heat on, y'all! 
It's June already!! 
Its June and I'm waering my leather jacket. I guess my boom boom shorts aint coming out this year 
It's June and I've done nothing with my life. It's pathetic.  Come on, skinny love, just last the year.
It's June gloom. I'm not liking the weather today  gonna take a quick power nap. Zzzzz
Its june!  Ahhh!  Where does time go?  
its just not a good day and its only 10:15. 
It's just not a good day. 
It's just not the same. 
Its just raining and raining out there.  I's hates the rain.  No walkies for Frank. 
It's just rob and i 
it's just sad 
It's just some new shoes.  boo microsoft
It's just sunk in that I'm never going to see half my friends again.. 
Its just that i'm scared in whatever's gonna happen. 
It's just the same as last year. I dunno why I even bother 
it's just Tuesday, and i'm already exhausted  http://plurk.com/p/1339b7
its killing me to be without facebook for the whole long weekend.  facebook withdrawral symptoms
Its kinda akward talking 2 marliyn now  'Jeremiah
its kinda bad when u say srry to ur bff and she dosnt call u or anything  W/E I am teied of ppl SC here I come W.O.O.T
it's late and i have school tomorrow! And the worse part is that I can't sleep 
Its late and windy and I'm alone and scared! 
it's late here, and i'm sick again 
it's late, i'm tired. tomorow i'm going to work.  next weekend is prom
it's laundry time woo hoo 
it's lightning and raining pretty hard downtown. i cant sleep 
its like 8:40 im tired iwana go back to bed 
It's like 80 degrees in my room  sleep seems like a pipe dream at this point.....
It's like a million degrees in Texas. I feel like a vampire, cause it hurts to go outside. 
Its like a yearly thing. Finals and all.... Time to prep for Bron and the Cavs. Back to reinstalling Windows... 
It's like every time he says 'I love you' he doesn't even mean it!  And when he needs something, he says it! OK, No more ILY from me.
its like Friends allll over again! 
It's like losing a kid  I walked until I got blisters looking for her  Pray for me she comes back plz
its like now everyone is online 
Its like really hot in the office. 
It's like the end of a dream: no more Reunions, I've already graduated, '09 gets all the attention, and back to work with me 
Its like the Fail Whale is stalking me 
it's like ur talking to your self thoooo  @AnthonyDollar   (AnthonyDollar live &gt; http://ustre.am/3mQU)
It's like winters back already  back to the kitchen I go.
It's like WTF! Anywayssss my stomache hurts 
it's like you've dropped off the face of the Earth. 
its literally just dawned on me that i'll be surrounded by americans in hawaii 
It's literally raining on the pride parade. 
it's lonely in this corner of the office without your company   see you tomorrow
it's looking like more rain 
its looking like no netball this year 
It's looking likely that I will have little or no time to Twitter this week   I'll be back as soon as I can.... promise.
Its looks like its gonna rain.   I'd much rather sit home, take naps, and watch movies until I have to go pick up my hubby from work.
its looks to be a rainy afternoon and evening 
It's lovely outtttttttt.. won't last long though.. supposed to get worst storms of the year tonight &amp; probably tornados. 
ITS MARIA SHARAPOVA's BDAY!!! I just realised that!  I suck.
it's May 15th, you guys. 
it's me again . I hate rain i know that wrrr 
it's me and the headache going for round 3, headache wins with a knockout. 
It's ment to rain the rest of the week! I wish it would stay hot and sunny for a bit longer 
Its Midnight and we are crusing on a teaspoon of petrol trying to find a hotel in La Grande Motte 
it's midnight. i haven't made a dent in my 28 page spanish packet 
It's Midsummer  and it's raining....   What am I gonna do today? Play some music! ;P
Its mine 
it's Monday  ....Maine, would you hurry up and get here.
Its Monday  In work AGAIN!!!  
its monday again...time really flies....heading to gamla stan....cloudy outside 
Its Monday and I'm back at work!! 
Its monday tomorrow  But its only 7 days until the weekend! Yay!
It's monday, innit? 
its monday... it means back to work 
It's Monday... Wish I weren't starting the week with a headache 
its monday.... starting the week... NOOOO 
Its monsoon in Kerala. Frequent blackouts 
It's monsooning down with rain here in Nottingham 
It's morning already and I am at work.  Sleep last night went waaaaaay too fast for my liking. 
it's morning n it's time....  i hate this feeling...
its morning no nba, no epl, no champions league....only work 
It's morning! But it's also the first day of camp 
Its morning! It rained! I woke up at 05:45  Watermelon.. here I come..
Its Mothers Day and I have to go to work. 
it's mother's day and my madre's in florida. 
it's mothers day and my mom is crying 
its mothers day.  hopefully i wont remember later what today is.
It's moving day and I don't wanna! 
Its my 1st time missing home  i wanna go home, mummy ! - http://tweet.sg
It's my baby's birthday today, but I just realized...he's no longer a baby...he's becoming a young man 
Its my bday and nobody has said happy bday to me 
It's my best mates birthday today, she doesn't get Twitter tho so she's not here 
Its my birthday .. Woo hoo.. Car broke down .. Boo hoo 
its my birthday and i can't sleep 
It's my birthday and the coolest gift ever would be for my boss to extend my deadlines on my projects. Too bad that is totally impossible 
its my birthday in 9 daysss and i don't know what to do for it!?! 
its my birthday today! And because i had to take friday off to go to vegas i cant use my free disneyland admission today 
its my birthday! and i have to study 
It's my birthday! Oh, and I'm at work 
Its my birthday, and I still can't walk after my operation. I,m in a bit of pain  next birthday will have to be amazing!!!
It's my birthday. Doesn't feel like it. Can't sleep, but I need to. I have to go to work in the morning. Had a throbbing headache all day 
Its my daddys birthday and i havent even seen him 
it's my dad's birthday tomor- ...oh it's today!!!! today's my dad's birthday :O  hmmm i haven't bought him a gift yet 
It's my Dad's birthday!! Am wondering where he's spending his birthday today? I hope his not alone! 
it's my day off and I have nothing to do  Wish i was with you!!!!
Its my fault? Wow asshole its his! Ugh he makes me mad. 
it's my first time for having breakfast since the holiday!!! Usually,i eat 1x a day.but,my weight is not decrease at all,how sad 
It's my fucking berfday. All alone. 
It's my last day at Focal Radio 
its my last day on disability today 
it's my last full day in rome.  im going to miss this place.
its my mainman's bday...and im in the wrong city 
It's my mom's birthday today (sakto naman na 18 sa US diba?). I miss her 
it's my own fault for not using a hammer &amp; nails, but i forgot that when using pushpins, your thumb is gonna hurt a hell of a lot 
It's my training-day today, but i'm not motivated  motivate me!
it's my turn to miss pam today  rest well princess! hope to see you tomorrow!
Its my vacation. im not even in the same state. not even the same side of the country. 
It's National Doughnut Day, No kidding. havent thought about this in yrs,but i miss the pink doughnuts truck round the corner by my house 
it's national leave the office earlier day - i should have read my google home page sooner 
its nearly 100 here @followthreaper: @coldsubject it's 104 here 
It's nearly midnight - I finally have the chance to study and I'm bloody tired... great, like usual 
It's nearly the weekend. I pick up the monster truck at 8 tomorrow. Woo hoo. Hope it's not a lemon  The Foutrak  has sold on Ebay 
Its never easy to say goodbye [forever].... but RIP to my friend Guichard and his mother. You will be miss.... 
It's never fun being sick. 
It's nice and sunny outside; I hate it :| Come back, clouds 
its nice out n i mean nice for Manchester n i cnt gt my bikes out 4 a few weeks uva wise dey get crushed  seriously need an MX track eyah!
It's nice to have ben home, I just wish he was happier 
its nice to have my tv tonight, but i forgot how slow my stolen internet is compared to asu's 
its nice to know that my imaginary family is turning real, except Im not part of it 
It's nice to spend an extra day with him/not worry about driving mid-day, but I feel bad that I get one less day with mom/in MA 
its nice waking up to the sun. toodles gloom! getting ready for school. @marlaenalita sowwwwiee besty 
its nights like this when i REALLY love heidi,and hate being in my house alone because ghosts play tricks  xoxo
its no secret, cali boyz are another weakness of mine  specially those boys from l.a. smh!
it's no use to try to sleep..cuz' i start to be afraid to sleep and i hate dreams lately! 
Its not a good day  I'm trying though...
it's not an overnighter, so i'm fine. getting cranky waiting for the train though for sure  @dietcoke219
it's not as sunny 
It's not as warm as it was earlier  doesnt feel like i will tan And the weather is supposed to be cloudy tomorrow
it's not beautiful outside. it's raining       ( dont know how many times im going to use the frowning face?)
It's not big nor clever..  black sambuca = fail :-/
ITS NOT ENOUGH TO SAY THAT IMISS U 
It's not even 5 o'clock somewhere in the US and I literally just broke open a bottle of wine... and it was a Malbec... oh the loss 
It's not even 7 am and I'm starving like a hungry hungry hippo.  Saaaaad face.
It's not even mid summer yet and my air conditioner is already threatening to die! woe is me 
It's not faaaaaair! 
it's not fair beeing away sick, when there's such a sunny, warm weather out there... 
its not fair having to work when the weather is sooooooo good 
its not fair I never get to see @jlevantmusic 's shows 
it's not fair that I keep my silence but you can blame me for my flaws...Giving me the silent treatment even...   
It's not fair that update to 3.0 for iPod Touch isn't free as it is for iPhone.  If it's over 9 usd I wont pay for it. :\
It's not fair. I don't want to sleep 
It's not Father's Day here in Brazil. That's a shame  Anyway, Happy Father's Day yo ya'll.
It's not fun at all to have a fever of 100.5 
Its not funn to shop witout money!!! 
its not going better with the antibiotics. So lets go another time to the doc 
It's not good to lose your voice 9 hours before leading worship. 
Its not just boys that suck, its PEOPLE in general 
Its not just right, DJ'ing in the rain!!!    Not a happy bunny!!  Grrrr.........
Its not lookin too good today 
it's not looking good for the Cavs. 
It's not looking like a great day. Event cancelled and a letter from work. 
Its not much better in New York!  @hustlepearl
It's not my birthday anymore  I better perfect the cute face if I'm going to get more human food!
It's not nice when the battery of your MP3 player runs flat in the middle of a show. 
Its not pho 
its not pretty good outside todayy! I think its gonna rain, boo hoo!  Feel more like chillin with movies then doin a photoshoot!
its not raining here on Satara Road...... 
its not raining in Mumbai 
It's not raining where I am... But there's totally nothing to do! 
It's not raining.. we should have gone bungee jumping, girl..  Rugby club is crazy..
its not ready for exam 
it's not showing all of my followers 
It's not so bad.  I just lost everything from November of 2008 to the present 
Its not so much the example of others we imitate as the reflection of ourselves in their eyes &amp; the echo of ourselves in their words... 
it's not summer until i go to the pool... the pool by me is not open.. and today is the perfect day for that.. 
Its not swine flu! But im still sick as hell 
It's not that it was hard, just long. It made my head all fuzzy, and my hand hurt 
It's not the bad spelling/punctuation I mind so much, just the idea that a guy ~10 yrs older than me has a maturity level ~10 yrs younger 
It's not the internal fuse either  Poop. Might have to get the spare out of the loft, although that might be a job for 2 people...
It's not the SH.. I can't connect on my blackberry either.  #googlewtf @futuristicplans @3ba
Its Not too exciting when you are alone in the office, on a saturday and working... 
its not too long before i loose my boyfriend to playing college football for georgia tech 
it's now 11.41am and the housework is multiplying before my eyes, stopping me from sewing!!   I cleaned 2 days ago!
It's now 13:30 and no iPhone 3.0  Talk about keeping us waiting!! Grrrr.....
It's now 30 degrees in this room - way too hot to revise  Cooler in the lounge but no revision there due to housemate watching HSM
It's now 6.15 and I'm getting ready for my placement and am shatered 
its now a couples party.... 
It's now been an hour since I got into the office because of breakdowns. Was hoping to leave early for wedding, may not happen now... 
it's now raining in south london, wimbledon is getting wet 
It's offical I don't have a laptop anymore! 
It's offical, I miss my family!     Praise God for good friends eh?!
it's offical, i no longer love this bra or maybe it no longer loves me 
It's official Chuck Liddle's UFC career is over. (or at least it should be) 
It's official Glacier Natl. Park is the most beautiful place EVER!!!  9 day road trip is almost over 
Its official hand broke  got a big ass cast
It's official I did not get the PEW grant 
It's official I hate the cat, she peed on the carpet right in front of her litter box &amp; yes the box was clean. Stupid cat errr 
It's official I need a new case my iPhone : I have gone through 3 or 4 
its official over 
It's official! My stomach can not handle alcohol. 
It's official! No Atlanta for me this weekend!      Instead I'm going to go babysit my &quot;5 little sisters&quot;...
it's official, another day nonstop and i feel horrible.. won't be able to get to sleep until about 230am. blood sugar feels really low. 
Its official, facebook hates me 
Its official, I am working Sunday in DC. 
It's official, I have insomnia... Down @ midnight, up @ 3:00... 2 nights in a row  now... 
It's official, I have Swine flu... no not really! Just a bog standard full blown cold. God I feel sick tho 
It's official, I miss her 
It's official, I'm finally getting grey hairs at 36  #fb
it's official, I'm losing my hair again... grr I really thought that I wouldn't this time 
It's official, Jon and Kate are getting divorced according to people.com....well that put a major dampen on today 
It's official, Lerry the Alero is not going to be my car anymore 
Its official, Murphy's law is in effect in my life since Friday - hope it wears off soon 
It's official, my dad has lost his left ring finger.  but he's good tho.
it's official. i'm ill.  feel like crap.
its official. my iPhone is dead. Apple killed it somehow while I spent 4 hours on the phone with their support. no calls/texts until tmr. 
Its official. Six Flags has filed for bankruptcy   
It's official... enrollment  has been approved. Hannah starts kindergarten in August. My baby's starting school. Here come the tears. 
Its official....can't go back to sleep 
it's official...Chris Gille has left the building...he's gone forever, we're all very sad 
its official...google sketchup hates me ARRRRGGG! 
its official..im depressed  @ashleighlines i feel your pain now
its official..jon hates kate 
It's official: I sprained my ankle and I can't walk. 
It's official: I'm really sad that I can't go to MTL for the Draft #NHLTweetup.  Got the passport, but not enough cash. #hockeyfanfail
It's official: I've given up on Ajax! 
It's official: this house is terrifying at night 
It's official: TV's Jon and Kate have filed for divorce http://usat.me/?35430322 
it's officially my birthday, I'm no longer a teenager  moment of  silence please #fb
It's officially rainy season here in Manila! Goodluck with the floddings around the Metro...  poor students! 
It's officially summer - waffles doesn't sleep in the bed at night with us anymore 
it's oh.. so quiet. my lip is swollen now! no eating for me 
its okay            http://bit.ly/T2SjA
its okay I don't mind. I dont ...no way. but I do 
its okay though...lalala...hmmm, what should i do...nothing to do! 
its old 
it's Ole &amp; Sara's last Sunday with us  they leave for Texas Friday pm; so make sure you make it here! Ole is teaching all 3services today
its on but doesn't text me the tweet 
It's one of the largest TVs in the world.And look such a bizzare spectacle it gives!&quot;Jogo Duro&quot; fun time for Vikings and Huns!!! 
Its one of those drunken, hiccupy, wake up nakie alone tomorrow kinda nights. Unfortunately my friend mark is passed out in my bed. 
It's one of those weekends where you have only 1 thing going and it takes up your whole weekend. 
It's one something AM and I just ate crap from Burger King (veggie crap)aghhhhh! Buyers remorse 
it's only 1:30.. why am i so tired? 
it's only 11 and I'm already having a crappy, stressful day 
It's only 12 miles. I've been lied too. I feel out of shape now 
Its only 5:15 in Las Vegas rite now 
It's only 54 degrese. It's supposed to be summer god damnit. 
it's only 6:30 and I feel like going to bed  sleepy...
It's only 606! I can't be tired yet!! I'm not guna nap tho bc then I'll be up all night!! I'll fall asleep at 8-9! Gotta get up eeearly 
Its only 7am and my birthday plans are already fucked up. I hate life. 
Its only 7am. Y am I up? Its my day off. I should still be sleeping. 
its only 8pm and no ones online to play with  booored
it's only 9:30pm but my dad wants me to sleep already 
its only been a couple of hours and i miss him like crazy  how am i gonna survive senior year???
It's only been a month but I can't wait for Miami season 8 spoilers.  I've given up my no-spoiler-reading before we even have any!
Its only been one day but ive missed you guys already 
It's only fifth period... I want this day to be over. 
it's only june and i'm already sad I'm not coaching basketball this summer... 
Its only june and im already SICK of Freaking tornado weather 
it's only monday ? 
it's only saturday. i want to see youuuu! - i miss you already. 
Its only tuesday 
It's only tuesday 
It's only Tuesday and I already want another 3-day weekend!! I had waaay too much fun, and 2-day weekends suck 
It's only tuesday evening and i'm knackered!! Got too much on this week and i just wanna sleep 
It's only Tuesday, and I have a headache for the 2nd day in a row 
It's only Tuesday. 
it's only Tuesday.  I wish this week would go by faster.
Its only Tuesday..... 
it's only tuesday...and it's early 
It's only Wednesday...uhgg. 
It's only Wednesday? Oh god 
It's our 1st anniversary married and I have to work 
It's our 48hr off Fri pm - Sun pm. Two have family visiting. I almost cried seeing Stu with his Mum &amp; brother. I miss my family  34 days!
It's our last day. 
Its our last hurrah week, though 
It's our last night in san diego.. 
It's our night in san diego.. 
its over  ut won 3-2 in 25 innings
Its over for the CAVs &amp; Cleveland. And it's a painful end to what seemed like a promising season.  
it's over now  BUT IT WAS SOOOO MUCH FUN! thanks ya'll!
its over the coldplay interview  x
Its over! 
It's over! 
it's over!!!!!!!! now the long train home 
It's over.  It was great.   #Dollhouse
its over. screw everything. 
its over.............  congrats brother
its overcast today again  it looks like it wants to clear up but i doubt it :/
it's overwhelming how i'm finally catching up with my cousin/bff since i was three who i haven't seen in years. ah, memories. miss her 
It's painful for me to yawn. I cough a lot 
its painfully hot outsideeee !!!!!! 
its past my bed time... hopefully i will wake up in the morning and wont be sick  might go visit charlie the beagle tomorrow
it's pathetic that Brasil needed a red card AND a penalty from a horny referee to defeat Egypt in last minute... 
It's persisting it down. Just leaving macclesfield and regretting packing my stuff in a canvas bag. Oh dear. 
Its pissing d rain n i hav 2 walk dwn town 
It's plyo time 
Its poaring and i just forgot i left the window open 
its poring outside &amp; lightning is soo bright...y is that after the electricity unit in science im now more scared of lightning  ahh lmaoo
Its possible that my phone may just be defective 
it's possible they lost my car.  
Its pourin....miss my dog 
Its pouring  &lt;Fob is my life&lt;3&gt;
it's pouring again!!!!!!   
its pouring and i dont have any juice.... 
Its pouring and thundering ! I don't wanna sleep alone ! 
Its pouring at the game!!!! 
Its POURING down outside. I hate driving in the rain  I'm ready to go home dammit.
Its pouring in CT but not at home  boo! but at least i'm with my bestie &lt;3
its pouring it down  getting ready to go to townio!
it's pouring out 
It's pouring out  So much for our plan to attend the Taste of Little Italy street fest! http://www.tasteoflittleitaly.ca/
Its pouring rain and all i want is potbelly and its outside 
it's pouring rain and some ice  hope it won't destroy my garden like last year
its pouring rain right now with thunder and lighting 
its pouring with rain 
It's pouring with rain here and thundering and i've just got wet!! Really going to lock myself in a room and hide today! 
Its POURING!!!! 
It's power cut... I was copying a cd 
It's pretty bad when the work drama starts before the work day even really begins. 
It's pretty cute but no garage. It's all carports. IDK if I like that but oh well. Surprised we got on post so fast! But still no yard. 
its pretty early 
its pretty easy to comprehend now that tha CLEVELAND CAVALIERS aren't ready for GREATNESS!!! yet im disappointed maybe next year` GUYS 
Its pretty lonely sleeping by yourself...  I think I might just go for a ride
It's pretty sad when the dog you live with likes random guys more than she likes you 
It's pretty sad when the life of a common housefly is more important than that of an unborn baby 
its pretty sad when you come out of UP 3-D crying 
its prom day for my sister  i promise i wont cry
It's proper cold today 
its proppin up eyes with matchsticks time.... work in the am 
its quite a lovely day, waiting on the bus  it always stinks and is faar to noisy for a monday morning :@
its quite depressing, tbh. 
It's Race Day Down Under! Unfortunately, I have to go to work   No live race watching &amp; twittering for me.
it's rain day!! 
its rainging and i want noodles for lunch but we dont have any 
Its rainin 
Its rainin  me no like the rain
its rainin at 9:30 or 10:00 my ass is staying homeeeee  lmao
It's raining   i wanna go out and play but i'll get all wet LMAO
It's raining   I'm sitting in my room and listen to rain music â™¥
It's raining   It's supposed to rain this weekend   Need a book?  Check out our Staff Picks or ask a librarian for a recommendation!
its raining  *shivers*
its raining  â˜‚
It's raining  after I was almost late this morning straightening my hair! Argh! Y meeeeeeeeeeee?
It's raining  and doesn't look like it will stop
it's raining  and i have quite a bit of revision to get done today.
Its raining  and thunder  
It's raining  bland
its raining  but its alright, then the grass will get greener  good for the horses! The school ends soon! YEAH im so happy for that! XD
It's raining  but they said they'll call it at 4, so maybe it'll stop.
It's raining  Can't go to the beach. Maybe that's a good thing...I love to cuddle. For now I'm just waiting...
It's raining  Got ethan off school poorly seems better today hopefully he'll be ok for trip to Attingham Hall tomorrow he's all excited
It's raining  I can't go out to jogging... I have to do it in my house gym...
its raining  i dont like light rain i like it when it storms light rain just ruins the day  P3AC3.LOV3.JONAS  MARY -------(--(--@ FLOWER
it's raining  i was going to take chance for a walk, but not anymore. we're stuck in the house
Its raining  its pouring, good bye sunshine 
Its raining  sadness wish one of my buddies were here to chill and watch a movie with...ha not!
it's raining  snif snif
It's raining  that's no good
It's raining  This makes my long drive to Irvine a bummer....but it is Friday!! TGIF!!
It's raining &amp; cold. I've had to put the heating on again. Damn British weather! 
It's raining &amp; I don't have a coat or brolly  I hope it clears before 1pm.
Its raining &amp; im stuck n da house!! 
It's raining ... AGAIN!!! 
its raining again  asdfghjkl;
It's raining again &amp; I think something is wrong w/my car tire 
It's raining again in Germany. Just the right timing for a lunch break!  Loads of umbrellas out and NO Miss Wet-T-Shirts. No #boobs! 
It's raining again! 
Its raining again!  Thats texas weather 4 you!
its raining again, hay!! 
its raining again, i love the rain but sometimes its making me all gloomy 
it's raining again, SMH... It feels like New York moved to the other side of the country... Plus it makes for a miserable day 
its raining again. well, i better get used to it 
It's raining again.. weird.. headed to Southern Utah Univ. today for a track meet! Last Steeplechase possibly 
Its raining again... and again I'm alone... I am missing her again... and again I can talk to none.. Its raining... wish I could drench! 
It's raining again...WTF!!!  I can't remember the last time it stayed sunny ALL day in NY/CT. I feel like I'm in Seattle. This sucks!!! 
It's raining and I don't feel like painting today. 
its raining and i have to come back to office...i hate this 
its raining and i have to go to workiessss 
It's raining and i have to walk my dog. 
Its raining and I still have this horrible cold 
It's raining and icky out. I like to snuggle when it's raining and icky out 
it's raining and i'm suppose to hangout with my friends 
its raining and its supposed to be summer? 
Its raining and my husband leaves at the end of this week  It starting to be a crummy week already.
its raining and thundering 
It's raining as usual here 
Its raining at the game   im going to get a bad cold
Its raining back home? Ahhhh. My coffee season s'posed to start. 
its raining boo 
its raining but my dads still making me go outside! 
its raining cats and dogs and I don't have an umbrella 
It's raining cats and dogs here in the Phil. 
Its raining cats and dogs here people! Something tells me this wifi will be switched off any minute now! 
It's raining cats and dogs in NYC... Came back to hotel soaking wet after a short walk 
it's raining cats and dogs, and the forecast does not look much brighter. 
its raining dogs outside 
It's raining fucking harrrrrd. 
its raining hard :| 
its raining hard here even if its summer...Sigh... 
it's raining heavy 
Its raining heavy and I'm mildly moist! 
It's raining heavyly. What a fantastic day... 
its raining here and it ruined all my plans. 
its raining here in manila   gosh! we cant get out!
Its raining here in OCMD 
its raining here in the Philippines.. 
Its raining here!!! you wanna know how I know that w/o leaving the room.. the power gets cut and the DTH stops working! 
it's raining here, i wish i could be cuddled up in bed w my tim 
It's raining here.  three horses to ride.
Its raining here....wish i cud hve smething really spicy tonyt....bt guess, need to settle wth gujju sweet dish which bai made 
Its raining here...the bad news blackout even the phone lines are out...all this because of little wind &amp; rain 
Its raining im working boo 
its raining in Alice Springs 
It's raining in Cape Town and I want to ride my bicycle... tired of being stuck in doors 
It's raining in Germany. 
It's raining in KL city and i feel blue all over 
its raining in LA today 
its raining in MD 
its raining in p-town 
It's raining in Surabaya 
It's raining in Toronto 
It's raining it makes me feel lazy 
It's raining it's pouring the old man is snoring......I do not want to go to school in this weather 
Its raining its pouring! BORINGGGG and even more I'm staying at my house alone 
ITS RAINING ITS POURING.............where is my spooning  buddy 
its raining like super heavy  badtimes
It's raining man! 
it's raining man.. 
its raining n its freezing  I need some1 to cuddle.. Were's my boo!!
Its raining now 
It's raining now and it's supposed to be raining all day tomorrow, off and on. 
Its raining on my parade 
It's raining on prom night 
Its raining on Staunton again, We need the rain, but that just means Ive got nothing sitting outside for people to see, 
Its raining outside  and i gotta go shopping. cos going out tomorrow night clubbing! my first time! . but i dont have anything to wear.
its raining outside  Tomorow BETTER not be!...
It's raining outside again 
It's raining outside and I don't like getting my paws wet 
its raining outside its making me sad 
its raining outside, i'm trying to get a football out of my tree. it got stuck 
Its raining outside,and i can't sleep like always 
Its raining outside. 
It's raining outside. 
it's raining outside.. i can't go out.. 
it's raining outside...sigh 
it's raining outside..The sun hasn't come out at all today, sucks! 
It's raining pretty good here at the moment.  That might kill another trip to the Arboretuem 
It's raining pretty hard and it's causing mucho traffic  blaaahhh I just wanna be home already!
It's raining quite hard 
it's raining right now here in manila...i think i have to stay home 
It's raining since yesterday and my surgery hurts really bad  me not happy.  Not happy at all.
it's raining so heavily now with thunder and what not OH MY GOD IM ALONE AT HOME 
It's raining so heavily that there will be no apple tree planting today.I don't like the rain  Although it's good for the grass seeds.
its raining so no soccer 
It's raining sooo hard! I can't even go out... I hope it stops or at least slows down a bit 
Its raining soooo hard!! So sick of this rain!   ughh
it's raining the whole day the weather make me sick  I hope the summer comes soon...
Its raining today in tiffin   but not on me!
it's raining today...again!  trying to learn for an upcomng exam. so much to read and so little time!
It's raining tonight 
its raining very hard and i'm sick of it 
its raining! boo 
It's raining! No more katong lask.  FML - http://tweet.sg
It's raining! wooohooo! 
It's raining!! But there are no men! I'm bummed. 
it's raining!... oh well 
it's raining, grrrrrrrrrrr  o well
It's raining, it's pouring the old man is snoring 
Its raining, might not be going to Hemlock now. I am so depressed about tha  hopefully it will stop and dry up abit.
its raining, we're in the sunshine state for crying out loud 
It's raining,raining and raining...it won't Stop 
its raining.   no garage sale today. oh well. time for breakfast and to wake up LuLu.
It's raining.  I thought I'd be able to get outside during lunch.  
It's raining.  i'm wet.
its raining. Hard. And i'm not feeling spectacular. Must go to work anywy 
It's raining. I can't go to the fitness. 
It's raining. No pool for me.  Just going to the mall...and getting a New Moon poster at Hot Topic..
its raining.. outside and in my heart... my internet didn't worked in days  okay.. 24 hours but its looong!
its raining.. yay! because of that, my bestfriend wasn't able to come over today... 
its raining... 
It's raining... 
its raining... oh god i have a headache  but tomorrow is a day off so ã?Œã‚“ã?°ã‚‹ã?†ï½žï¼?
its raining........i hate this weather!!!! so jealous of Jennifer Stone cuz she's having fun right now at Debby Ryan's Sweet 16...... 
It's raining......Again 
It's raining....i just washed my car yesterday...FML  
it's raining....something cool about the rain and storms on the ocean but we are ready for some sun today! no fishing today 
It's raining...I usually LOVE the rain but I was supposed to go to a drive in movie  ...now what shall I do??
It's raining...Weather perfectly tuned with my humour...  These are bad days...
Its rainingg.   Tafe today... I WANNA GO TO the ja rule concert! Israel is opening!!!
It's rainingggg! 
It's raininggggg. 
Its rainning 
It's rainy and cloudy  Who follows me? ;D
Its rainy and cold today.....not motivated 
It's rainy day 
It's rainy, I lost my keys and mum has gone to work - fun times 
its raning..  not fun
Its really a shame we can nvr be on time... 3 shows and still haven't seen jabbas on summer tour 
It's really bad when your engine stalls in the middle of an intersection 
Its really chilly out 
it's really cold &amp; i don't want to go to work today. 
Its really cold in my room 
Its really cold outside and i hate it!  I am really really really bored!
Its really depressing 
it's really disappointing to see rock and rap collaborating 
it's really hard to b at work and concentrate when u know that everybody else's on vacation...arg 
Its really hard to be responsible when a pool party is going on 
It's really hard to listen to this woman talk about purses when I have the coolest car ever made sitting outside. 
It's really hot outside, but i've to learn for my testweek 
Its really hot!!!!     
it's really hot, there's even no point denying it anymore 
Its really late and i still can't sleep wit out my baby girl Verdy!!  I &lt;3 my son AJB
It's really like a part of me has died, because I can't listen to this music anymore.  I really feel like crying 
It's really loud in here....hmmmmm....maybe I should go home 
Its really not fair 
Its really over  I hope there's another tour soon.
It's really pissing down today 
It's really pouring now! Hope it won't be as bad as last year. Goodbye sunscreen, hello mosquito-repellants! 
its really quiet with UK #SArmy being in MK 
It's really sad that i always get the same greeting in the morning &quot;not enough sleep ah? you look so tired&quot; Zz.. must be my small eyes 
It's really sad watching Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8 now 
it's really sad when u think that u have time for a nap but when u feel like getting into it the alarm wake u up 
It's really unbelievably difficult for me to draw without my Wacom tablet. 
It's really unfortunate when your girlfriend slugs you in the stomach with her purse for no real reason.  
it's realy boo0o0o0o00oring ..my book is on the side &amp; i'm not studyin for sure... 
it's Record Store day!!! too bad it's a dying breed these days... I miss Blue Dogs. 
Its restored but I think I've lost photos taken on iphone 
it's ridiculous how much paper you have to use for school. it's a waste of trees 
it's ridiculously warm in bed 
It's rly hot  - http://tweet.sg
it's roasting again today! suncream is definately getting slapped on today, got sunburnt yesterday 
its saaad 
It's sad about Farah, and her partner was planning to marry her ... 
It's sad after years of friendship to discover the people in your life have hateful feelings towards you for simply being who you are! 
It's sad but true that logging on with a domain admin account gives you *far* too much power over other unrelated machines 
its sad have so many disapoitmants in one day  wolverin's movie its sucks 
It's sad how little I can get done without a working internet connection 
it's sad how much bullshit you can find on commandlinefu.com 
It's sad how on one side , it's full of support and making peace, and the other side, not giving a shit &amp; no effort. 
It's sad not having brothers or sisters 
It's sad that I'm following all these people that don't even know I exist. 
it's sad that the last survivor of the titanic has died 
Its sad that the only reason I know my BFF is still breathing is cause she updated her twitter last night  @katie_elyse 
It's sad to come home to know tweets. 
It's sad to see so much anger in TR's tweets now 
its sad when you get your pay at the lowest exchange rate. 
It's sad when you realize you can't comment on other people's blogs because trolls you banned from -your- blog follow you  
It's sad when you're sitting on the sofa, swaddled in your quilt, watching Ready Steady Cook 
Its sad, that while watching this movie, its like &quot;you die next book, you die 6th, 7th&quot;. Snape, Moody, Dumbledore, Fred... 
It's safe to assume that allergy has finally caught up with me this season~ 
It's safe to say that the smell of sweet chilli sauce in the office is more than I can cope with; particularly in this heat 
It's Sat.. My day off. And I don't know what I want to do.. I'm so board! 
It's Saturdau Morning and I just woke up with a stomach ache.  Maybe it's from all the food I ate last nite.
it's saturday and i aint got shit to do, nap-age? veggie fest plans fell thru 
it's saturday and i'm at work YAY 
its saturday here.. im so bored.. i want to go to a mall and hang out!! 
Its saturday night and i am home again watching tv. what a loser 
its saturday night.. why cant i find anything exciting to do 
Its Saturday!!  Wait.....thats just another work day in the Navy.   Well then, back to work it is.  Legs today for lunch workout...
It's saturday, almost 10am and I'm going to the university to do some experiments... The world sucks. 
It's Saturday, and I am still bored 
It's Saturday, just one more day at home 
It's Saturday.  And I have to work. 
it's saturday.long holiday.don't even had any plan. boring.. 
It's school holiday but I didn't even get to see any of my siblings..oh well that's family..i guess 
it's scorching outside...but not raining   
It's seems like so long since I saw him. Well it was! 5 YEARS! How did I survive? 
it's seriously 6:21 am. usually i can't get up at that time but apparently i can STAY up until that time. 
Its seriously quiet and lonely here without Bunny 
its seriously so cold that i cant play guitar properly 
It's snowing at Mammoth Mtn and I'm not there! 
Its so  fucking hotttttttt OMG My 09 Is Overheating 
Its so annoying when your download cuts out minutes before its finished 
its so beautiful out and im stuck at work til 8 
It's so beautiful out and I'm stuck here at work with no windows 
It's so beautiful out. Wishing I didn't have work for 8 hours today so I could go to the beach  workin 2-10pm 
Its so beautiful outside and I get to stay inside and pack 
its so beautiful outside!  Too bad its about 200 degrees out there   DC - order IN with TakeoutTaxi wwww.finefood2u.com
it's so beautiful outside! and i'm stuck at work  boo!
its so boring  i need some action xD
it's so boring today.. 
It's so cold and I'm so tired...I hate playing mom 
it's so cold here 
its so cold im shaking 
Its so cold out today. Schooool  only 10 more days left ! 
Its so cold outside 
its so cold outside.... not looking forward to winter 
Its SO cold that you can see your breath! I'm frozen 
its so cold!! 
It's so cold!!! 
it's so complicated  huaaaa
It's so coooollld 
Its so cooooold in heree  and winter had just started u.u!
It's SO crowded. the PERFECT beach day and I'm sand bound cause of my foot.   http://tinyurl.com/kpvbpm
It's so cruel having to wait for reviews to come in.  So far it looks like Star Trek will be the best film of the year!
It's so dark already! 
its so dark in here.... i miss the kelp bed. 
It's so difficult try that @gfalcone601reply me because there are a lot of fans and she can't see my messages 
It's so early and already the day is far too long 
Its so early for me to be up!!  im going campening!
It's so early, why am I awake? Oh yeah-stupid kids need to learn the High School Musical dances... and I get to teach them. (At 7am) 
It's so flippin hot up in this beeyatch we call earth. Or ewa as I call it. 
It's so freakin' hot, I can't think of anything funny to sayyyyyyyyyyy...  
its so freaking cold! 
It's so fricken cold...the vent above my desk hates me 
It's so fricking warm, just top &amp;underwear for bed tonight I thinks. +cuzz I got sunburn on my legs 
its so fucking cold out here @janellebustjaws and i are numb 
It's so fucking earlyyyyyyy 
It's so fucking hot  fuck my life
its so gloomy out today - it makes me sad  *sigh* i need to crank some beats n drink some freakin red bull!!
Its so gloomy outside. I hate these type of days ugh! 
It's so gloomy today! 
Its so hard letting her go and seeing her cry. 
It's so hard not to go into the mac store... Must save money for vegas 
It's so hard not to work.   Finally realized that I am NOT made to be a writer.  I am a bear.
Its so hard not wanting him, 
it's so hard to connect the xbox360 and linux  ushare do not work for me
Its so hard to fall asleep 
It's so hard to find a good hairdresser...had the same one for three years...the audition process is not something I look forward to 
It's so hard to find friends 
It's so hard to live this way when your heart is a million miles away. 
Its so hard to look at you and not cry 
it's so hard to say no to friends... which is why i always say yes, even if i don't want to! 
It's so hard to see @Ryan_Gosling and @RachelMcAdams_  in &quot;The Notebook&quot; and think that they are not together anymore! 
It's so hot  guess I'm sleeping downstairs tonight...
it's so hot at work that i've resorted to standing inside the cooler 
Its so hot beside the runway and the sea, unfortunately I have to stay here everyday from 7 to the evening 
it's so hot here  \:d/
its so hot here  and im hungry!
its so hot in my room can't get back to sleep 
its so hot in this damn house  thot i was ready for summer.
its so hot in tx, but heard phillys even worse  why is the weather so f'ed up
It's so hot that I can't sleep  not happy. And now I'm wondering why a tractor is driving around at 2.20 at night? Can't sleep either?
its so hot today.. actually sunbathed but my legs are all patchy 
It's so hot ur clothes sticks to u. 
its so hot! i hate it!! ready for winter 
its so hot!! im dreading having to walk around downtown in this heat... 
Its so hot. Why isn't the ac working? 
It's so hottttt in my house  
It's so nice in Vernon today. But the s.d meds got me fuckdd   Had to post wifey till further notice lol. She keeps me going. I luv u babe
its so nice out and I'm chained to my school books. 
It's so nice out todayyy ! Too bad I'm working 
It's so nice out! But no one wants to do anything cos they're all hungover! Boo! 
It's so nice out, but I'm stuck at work, bored 
It's so nice out... I don't wanna be working.  http://twitpic.com/87kxu
its so nice outside &amp; where am i... at the damn laundromat... bout to miss the wedding 
It's so nice outside &amp; where am I? Workin' 
Its so nice outside right now but no stars 
IT'S SO NICE OUTSIDE! I wish i was in San Diego.  Gotta love the east coast!
It's so nice outside. 1 more exam and it will be SUMMER on this beautiful exam. Summer begins at 10:15 for me. French exam  havent studied
Its so nice outside. What a day to be at work 
It's so nice sleeping in my own bed! I haven't done that in a while... it is a little lonely though  goodnight errrrrbody!
it's so noisy outside..it's fiesta here that's why..hehehe..i miss John so much.. 
It's so not cool when the Mr. Coffee decides to explode all over the counter. It's even less cool when I don't catch it for an hour.  
Its so quiet around here now 
It's so quiet in the office. The click-clacking of the keyboard when I type resounds all over the room. I want to have an off too. Badly. 
Its so rainy 
It's so rainy 
it's so ridiculously hot outside and i'm too lazy to make some homemade iced tea. 
its so sad about his bro....................... he has cancer  my &lt;3 goes out to him! this song is gonna make me cry...
Its so sad about the titanic thing 
it's so sad hear about this big plane tragedy..  My prayers and thoughts for the family and victims of flight 447!
Its so sad that my cat doesn't fight me when I have to give her her inhaler...she knows it makes her better 
It's so sad watching everyone playing their instruments! 
it's so sad when someone has to come to the hospital, to see a sick loved one....so sad 
its so sad when the dad dies  hakuna matana it means no worries for...
It's so sad,   ILOVEMARLEY
It's so sad, but I only know movie quotes from &quot;The Color Purple.&quot; 
It's so sad... What's happening in Iran... I feel for the people there.. 
its so scary how life can be taken away so suddenly 
its so shitty outttt!  i want it to be sunny and warm for summmer! going out with loreennn.
It's so simple to waste good mood with a couple of words 
Its so so sad when u cant even call family. . A family 
its so sunny, and i'm stuck inside really ill 
its so typical that it was lovely and sunny during the wk when we were stuck inside nd now that its the weekend its horrible 
its so ugly and gloomy outside. where did the sun go? 
It's so unfair that everyone has no school. 
its so warm &amp; clammy here ! argh 
Its so warm down by the river. No fish atm though 
It's so warm outside and the heating is on. It's making me feel really sick 
it's so weird to be lounging around in a total stranger's house.. It's damn awkward. 
It's so weird to talk w/friends about what we're doing after this year. It's like, &quot;Uhm, Hai, I canz be five agin?&quot; 
Its so windy 
Its so windy and raining harder then the day before today   bye bye if the power gos out 
Its so wrong... But I miss him... 
it's so... &quot;not sunny&quot; here in san jose.. isnt it suppose to be summer!? 
its soo cloudy and its got really cold all of a sudden 
it's soo freaking hard letting you go..........  and I don't like u no more
It's soo hard to sleep in this heat 
Its soo hot ... yet soo windy 
It's soo soo wrong for me to be flg so happy &amp; relaxed rite nw  How ni..
It's sooo freaking sloooooow!!! 
Its sooo gross! 
it's sooo hot and mr. mouse is nowhere to be found 
It's sooo hot in my lounge! It's cold all day &amp; warms up l8 afternoon; same with bedroom, no sleep 2nite 
It's sooo hot outside! Hate that I'm stuck inside revising 
its sooo hot. 
Its sooo tragic! The blazers I want they don't have in my size  guess I'll check another pair.
its sooo warm tonight 
Its soooo hot   Moving boxes into pods and praying to God for strength and endurance.  God's hands are under my arms, lifting me.
It's soooo long to wait for the July 18th ... 
It's soooo nice outside but I just have no will to do anything  Damn hangover.
It's soooo weird that you put that Prince pic up because I had a dream last night that he died     weird! @softjunebreeze
its sooooo cloudy outside 
it's sooooo hot upstate today 
it's soooooo cold!!! my poor little fingers are suffering 
Its sooooooo sad!!!!I liked it better when it was just a random showIwatched that no one knew about 
Its sooooooooo not funny when I have to move from computer to computer to render and draw. Come on, Revit! AutoCAD was never this bad. 
its' sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sunny ...... through the studio window  Wonder if I can take all this stuff onto the roof??
its spreading on twifans like a plague crystal.....sherie is researching....i hope its not true!!!! 
its sprinkling outside  i hope it doesn't rain during our game ..
It's srsly unfair how many more knitting books there are compared to crochet 
It's starting to look like the @ScifiLeague website may not happen in any form 
it's starting to look like this is my saturday night innit really  fucking brilliant
it's starting to rain... 
It's starting!! Saying to myself &quot;Tiffany don't cry, Tiffany don't cry&quot; wish my bestie Dwayne was here but he's at work 
It's still hot!  Can't stand the weather in this country, it would be fine if it stayed hot. But we'll more likely have weeks of rain soon
it's still light out at midnight!!! Crazy! Going to bed, jetlagg sucks!! 
Its still raining  doesn't look like its going to change today!
It's still raining, how much water can fall out of the sky at one time?? 
it's still raining. Ang sad tuloy.  http://plurk.com/p/xvtie
It's still there. Taunting me. It looks good, but I know it lies. It only wants to be loved. Poor thing. It's love will only hurt you. 
it's still thursday 
its storming again 
It's storming and I hate storms! 
It's storming BAD. I'm getting a little scared  I hope it doesn't wake up the kids.
Its storming here really bad and the power went out &amp; im afraid of the dark 
It's storming out lights are blinking, going to lose Internet! 
It's storming outside!! 
Its storming rite now and it looks super spooky... I feel sry 4 all the birdies 
It's storming. I don't like them and Sugarbutt is 20 minutes away. 
its stormy outside and my son is sick..not a nice day 
its stuck in my head  â™« http://blip.fm/~8dx1j
Its stuffy HoT outside ! !  Â«Â« having trouble breathing..... &quot;I dislike summer&quot;
Its such a disappointment. 
It's such a gloomy day!  Oh well, @ least I'm @ work!!
Its such a gorgeous day today and I work all day  I think tonight will be good though.
Its such a let down when your waiting for a message via text or email and the notification says (1) Inbox, but its not that  person. SMH 
It's such a lovely day outside and I'm stuck indoors on my sewing machine 
it's such a sad day for bandom 
It's sucks here in bakersfield I have to wait 2 weeks for the new iPhone 3gs  !!!!!!
its sucks that I can't sleep and I miss my kids, they're at their dads for the weekend 
its summer and i woke up at 9:30 
Its summer and im wearing a hoodie 
it's summer and yet it's raining. no thanks to global warming 
Its summer shouldn't i get a tan and not turn paler? Ugh im pale 
It's Summer... and I'm sick!!  xx
It's Sunday and I wish I was going 2 Church! 
its sunday! that means tomorow i have school 
It's Sunday, the most boring day on ROBLOX. 
It's Sunday. Tomorrow's Monday. That means school. The beginning of a new block. 4 weeks of madness. 
it's sunday.. last day of WE 
It's Sunday... And there's more UNIX Servers to play around with, and VCS Clusters to build.   ... I'd rather be out in the sunshine.
It's Sunday... Everyone gets to enjoy but I'm working! 
Its sunday..... 
It's Sunday-errand day because back to work tomorrow 
It's sunny again! But the softball field is too wet to play on. So no softball game tonight. 
It's sunny outside  I'm stuck at work
it's sunny outside and ive got a cold  - gutted !
its sunny outside and stuck inside revising 
It's super cold over here 
It's suppose to rain here, but it's just teasing me. 
It's supposed to be cold and rainy on my birthday. 
its supposed to be coolerthanthecoolkidds but youtube shortened it 
It's supposed to be even hotter today than yesterday.  Wearing shorts to work.
its supposed to be nice tomorrow again but im going to my grans so wont be able to enjoy t 
it's supposed to be summerrrrrr 
It's supposed to be sunny today. Where's the sun? 
it's supposed to rain thursday, friday AND saturday of my door county trip  somebody hates me
It's taken me almost 3 hours to finish a regular sized can of Red Bull. Everytime I swallow my kidneys hurt. #uhoh 
Its taking forever to import. 
It's taking forever to install the PS3 update  Oh, and BTW, I got inFamous today with Uncharted 2 multiplayer beta code . CAN'T.WAIT.
It's taking so long time to back up all files on MBP w/TimeMachine ... will replace HDD later at home 
it's taking so long.. I really need my car 
it's taking too long. i cant wait any longer 
it's Tetris' 25th birthday and i haven't played it all day. i'm a terrible geek  one quick game and then bed.
It's that time of the year again  Hate good byes...
its that time of year, sigh, feeling down these days 
Its that wonderful time of the day when my webhost decides that eh, it doesn't need to work so much.  
It's the beginning of the aporkalypse. The hamdemic is here among us 
It's the dreaded two day hangover 
Its the End of the month..Time to pay the BILLS &amp; RENT 
it's the end where I begin.  (music) http://plurk.com/p/12bjs9
its the first time i've seen Edward Scissorhands and it's really sad 
it's the first week of june already and i can't think of a subject for my photoblog  i need to find inspiration fast! any suggestions?
It's the hottest day ever in Vienna but the continuity girl said if I get any colour I'm dead.  It's a day under a tree for me then 
it's the kind of week where someone going to the ER is STILL not the most dire crisis of the day.  i hope she's ok. here's to the weekend.
It's the little things I buy that get me excited! ...our last one broke    http://twitpic.com/61dhq
It's the long weekend and I'm at home study for stupid uni exams  dam you uni
its the longest day today. nice weather outside, today its the british grand prix, looking forward to that, im usually there though 
It's the middle of June and I'm sick... 
its the middle of the morning &amp; my nose is kinda runnin.yupp..sick 
It's the middle of the night and Twitter is FINALLY acting nice for me.  Now that no one's awake, of course. 
its the perfect day for hot coco and shnuggles- neither of which i have access to 
its the sad bit in the lion king where simba's dad gets killed 
Its the saddest thing when you spend weeks creating something only to watch how much it fails 
It's the start of the week and deadlines are slowly creeping up on me.  More work, less twitter 
It's the sunniest Saturday so far and I'm working all day  Saturdays are bad enough but when it's sunny it's even worse  Bad times xx
It's the weekend and it's raining 
It's the weekend! But I still have to study!!!  Oh well, better get used to it!
Its the weekend!! YAY!!..what? I said I'd clean what?  Garage? no..uhm..we dont *have* a garage..yeah.. FINE..I'll clean the damn garage 
Its the worst thing when your not at home in your own bed! Im at my uncles and cant sleep, i hate it! 
it's thundering, lightening, and raining  my chihuahua does not know what to do. AND the lights just flickered.
Its time for a new blackberry battery. 
It's time for me to go to sleep. Show @ The Nuyorican tomorrow. And mad people hate me for cancelling last night's show. 
It's time I had some time alone 
It's time I started working on J21Community once again... 
its time like these i wish my tv wroked in my room 
it's time to face the truth i will never be with you... 
it's time to get fucksing serious 
Its time to go back to Chicago... I am going to miss my little girl, dropping her off at daycare in a little bit 
it's time to go home... huhu... i am afraid of the traffic that i will encounter in bacoor... 
It's time to have my white ink tat touched up! its fading away 
Its time to loved someone else..../ trying to forget you 
it's time to say my prayers and go to sleep...i know you'll be tweeting all night without me   hehe, i'll catch up in the am
it's times like these, special occasions, where i wish everyone i love will be there. i wish i could see my best friend, I miss her a lot 
It's times like this I miss havin a bf... I just want 2 crawl up in sumones arms &amp; take a nap!  too bad I have no time to even look for 1
its times like this I wish I had a boo and was &quot;cakin&quot; it....welp i guess Ill go 2 sleep and start my routine day all over again tomorrow 
It's times like this that i wish i had my driver's licence 
It's to bad that Jaffe and Balrog are no longer involved  looks good though #E3
its to cold to go swimming 
It's to dam early to be studying 
It's to damn nice out to go to work! DAMNNN 
Its to early for this shit 
It's to early to be up 
It's to early!!! 
its to early, but i cant sleep. 
its to early. time to ref little kids again 
it's to hot in my flat i'm sticking to my leather sofa 
It's to hot!! 100 when i got in Beth's car plus she aint got airconditioning!  but going swimming now....
Its to quiet in Duffy land  ... I am soooo bored!
It's today , the big day ... 
It's too bad Santa Barbara's hills aren't composed of marshmellows, graham crackers, and Hersheys 
it's too beautiful to be at work today 
Its too bloody early to up esp when I am on holidays, so tired cant sleep with this sunburn 
It's too bloody hot to do much of anything. Gruh, I hate this weather. Give me Winter any day. 
Its too cold 
its too cold and i might have to walk to work 
It's too cold and too early for me to take a shower. Monday this fabulous time will end  But on Thursday another holiday comes.
It's TOO COLD for summer WTF 
Its too cold for the beach 
it's too cold in my room i don't wana come out from under my covers  awman!
It's Too Cold!! 
Its too damn early to be awake. The baby stayed up late. Shouldn't he sleep in? 
Its too early 
It's too early 
It's too early  at gg park
its too early  why arnt i sleeeeepy?
It's too early !  today is NOT loosing promising.
Its too early and everyone woke up to go have breakfast 
It's too early for a Saturday.  Oh summer break, I pine for you!
It's too early for check-in 
It's too early for me to be awake  
it's too early for sat math 
Its too early man!!!  missin him already 
Its too early to be at an airport  I'll live though its for a good cause so i should be happy right? &lt;3 Nicole
It's too early to be awake and I got up 3 1/2 hours ago!  I should never wake up before 8.  
Its too early. 
It's too early. 
It's too earlyyyy to get up!!  xx
Its too friggin hot without having AC 
It's too hard am tired I don't think I can do this anymore 
Its too hot 
It's too hot 
it's too hot and bright outside! i wanna put the vball net to use 
It's too hot in here 
its too hot in my room. i wanna go swimming. 
It's too hot n stuffy in my room. Can't sleep 
its too hot out 
its too hot to drive with the windows down 
it's too hot to go outside, and there isn't anything to do 
its too hot to sleep! Not going to be in the best of moods at work today 
its too hot to work. why dont we have outside offices  &quot;hello, your speaking to Natalie, How can I help you?&quot; for ten hours......naw.
It's too hot today, just wanna go sleep somewhere cold 
It's too hot!! Thermometer showing 25c at the moment 
It's too late to watch Conan. Hulu will be slow now. 
its too late..my feelings are bruised 
It's too much work switching google accounts. Can't have different accounts in different tabs 
Its too nice out to be in work 
its too nice out to study 
It's too nice outside for a helmet, but I'll be a good boy. 
It's too nice to be cleaning and working on an interview assignment 
it's too sunny to be in doors painting 
its tooo hot here. not hot enough that i want to run my ancient AC yet, but still hot. sticky icky hot. windows open but no wind 
its tooo hot! I wish I had KDD Silver 
It's tough being a thick chik 
its true bad luck comes in 3's 
It's true that men are stronger, my back hurts. 
its true, spinach does get stuck in between your teeth ;o 
Its true, the one you love &amp; the one who loves you is never the same person. Too much for me right now 
Its trueeeee 
It's truly sad that David Archuleta's official site has a horrible layout. 
iTs TuEsDaY! CoLLeGe HiLL's FiNaLLy CoMeS oN 2NitE @ 10pm/ 9c On BET... tUnE iN! iTs GoiN tO bE cRaZy! So SaD iTs AboUt To Be OvEr! 
it's turned into a migraine  hurts to look at this screen.
it's typical that the only person who makes you feel loved is so far away 
It's useless trying to study with the pot noodle song stuck in your head...I love making pot noodle, more fun than throwing a poodle..  
it's very boring today...  we just had to answer questions about our school...
its very cold today  and i have an exam at 1!!  tweet me!
It's very difficult to find a way to buy an acer netbook 
its very good its very heart touching poor kid is crossing the border to see his mother hes going through pain it makes me wanna cry 
its very hard not to have advil when you have a migraine 
It's very hard to get cleaning done with a crawling baby and no play pen.   Can we go back two weeks, please?
its very hotttt in nj but cant go in poool 
its very like Norwegian Salmon cakes topped with cream and syrup ! @GreeGreece I had one that disappointing afternoon 
IT'S VERY LNELY HERE AT THIS TIME IN THE MORNING  
Its very nice. And the guys dogs are humping each other and they are both guys 
It's very quiet tonight, no one is on msn 
It's very strange to prepare a seminar on texts you were taught as an u'grad. Jane Eyre and Wide Sargasso Sea anyone? 
It's waaaaay too cold outside tonite 
It's waaayyy too late. B is not here to keep me in check   I'd better go to bed now.
Its waaayyyy pass my bedtime...just gettin home...goodnight..back to business in the morn 
Its wanna those things you don't wanna believe.. But you have to   r.i.p boyys &lt;3 -- Gone but never forgotten   &lt;3
It's warm and sticky but there's no sun  *Sneeze*
its warm outside. im getting made to stay in and revise for this shitty biology tomorrow 
its was pretty and cloudyy today! i like it makes me miss california 
It's way to early and Anna is coughing in the other room. Andrea, Anna, and I hung outside last night, and now were all kinda sickish 
It's way to early to be up and around on Sunday, but I've got way too much to do 
It's way to early to be up right now  tengo trabajo.
It's way to hot to sleep and I've gotta be up in like 6 hours 
It's way too early and I'm out of school already 
It's way too early in the morning to pick strawberries..... hmph... 
Its way too early 'o clock for real estate school!  ugh, hate Mondays
Its way too early to be at school  
its way too early to be singing this much 
It's way too got today. Off to the library, i've definitely got &quot;the fear&quot; re: wednesday's exam 
Its way too hot outside to work in the garden. I'm stuck in here for at least another hour. 
Its way too hot where I am I gotta get the hell out of here... I need a ride home  http://twurl.nl/i5aa55
Its wayy cold, freezinggg 
Its wayy to early to be awake... zZz!! 
Its wednesday and im not at the mall w my boo  im going to dentists for the second day in a row yayahh
It's weird checking my phone to find it all not spammed by twitter 
It's weird how I still use twitter on my phone even if I'm on a computer, got a mosquito bite on my cheek 
its weird how theres no Chipotle in san clemente. you'd think that because its closer to Mexico there would be 
it's weird i'm in dcu about to do presentation work - i thought college was meant to be over for me 
It's weird not going to CM this year. I've been for the past 3 years 
It's weird not having a selection of cars at home to drive. 
It's weird seeing people tweet so late. At first I'm like &quot;cool they're pulling an all nighter too!&quot; but then I relize the time change. 
Its weird waking up in a new place and having no mom to make you breakfast 
Its weird were in her house and im just waiting for her to come but she wont shes gone 
it's weird without @c0urtneycarnag3 here to eat everything in my house at 3 in th emorning 
Its weird, I like Tom Cruise movies, but I hate the Mission impossible films....
its well too hot in this room 
its whatever... guess its time to just move on... why try?! 
its when you say 'eh' that i hate it the most cos that's when you gotta go. 
It's wierd how songs between you and your exes are still sad and depressing after 5 months. 
It's windy but not rainy today ;P I loove it. Miss my friends, realised how quiet it's without them...  Love u guys &lt;3
Its working again, worried that my mum is not home yet  she was supposed to be home hour ago hope nothing has happened, not like her
It's world skateboarding day today and it's raining. 
It's WORSE than the Madoff $50 bln fiasco...it's plain WORSE!!!  I been preparing for over 2 years...want to know how
It's worth a go, gardening it is. oh joy 
It's wrong how upset I am about Jon and Kate plus 8. 
It's Yard Work Day! Ugh! 
It's yucky out. 
It's1:17am and I'm extreamly tired had long day of nothing:/ anyways I'll update after I turn into brace face 
itsgoing 2 be a boring day 2day and it school 2moz 
Itsmay_yay www poor maybelle 
itsss sooo shittt 
Itsssss so freaking cold! 
iTunes and external hard drives don't like each other grrrrrrrrr!!!!!! Big time spend a whole day converting ,swaping and changing stuff 
iTunes and Windows 7 RC aren't playing nice ... ciao iPhone. 
itunes ate my N.A.S.A. 
itunes australia keeps timing out when trying to update to OS 3.0 
iTunes Genius really helps me find new music...now if it would only shuffle satisfactorily... i need a new ipod soooo bad 
i-tunes is fucked up  new cds, rihanna and the fray, re-downloading twilight soundtrack
iTunes is playing all the broken hearted songs. WTF?? ..I definitely started drifting to a time when I was a broken hearted girl 
itunes is so slow... gah.. so I'm gonna have to say that i'm in love with Sydney lol wish i saw still there 
iTunes just Rick Roll'd me. 
iTunes rolls out variable pricing for songs 
iTunes Store now says &quot;Download all free updates&quot;... haha, get ready for those paid updates 
iTweet.net is pretty cool! Twitter is still dead here, so is TwitterFox  I feel so bored without them.
It'z official (nod to Cinatra).....I am a professional turd polisher... 
itz sooo cold 2dai 
iunno if i like my new cuttt  idk idkkk
Iv e been up almost 36 hrs straight 
Iv got a î”« of a headache AND I hear thunder 
Ivan will be coming to pick Bertie up in an hour. 
Ivanovic, Djokovic, and Dementieva is off the Garros title track already??? sad  Go Roddick and Safina! http://plurk.com/p/xg3ip
I've - imojonty:  whats wrongggg? Â itâ€™s just hit me that my driving test is SOON and i did a mock one with... http://tumblr.com/xnu21qlh4
I've - imojonty:  whats wrongggg? Â itâ€™s just hit me that my driving test is SOON and i did a mock one with... http://tumblr.com/xnu21qsa1
I've - imojonty:  whats wrongggg? http://tumblr.com/xnu21qjyk
I've a cold. I'm dying...  Good wishes are welcome!
I've a flight tomorrow at 06:55. Have to get up at 04:30  Presentation to clients at 12:30. Hopefully I can stay awake!!
I've accomplished nothing but eating my cereal so far.  This is starting out to be one lazy day!  Too bad I can't go to the pool today... 
I've acquired a huge blister on the back of my heel  I think I have one on the other one as well, but that one's not too bad.
I've actually sat on my ass long enough for it to be numb. I miss my sisters laptop 
ive almost finished my litre bottle of wine  ...now what can i do....
i've almost given up on reviving the G1 and will remain 'low spec' for the foreseable future since the e61i is still on sale... 
I've almost killed my Pachira aquatica plant by under watering it. I guess the clue was in the name 
I've always felt worried or anxious about whatever weighing me down. Never troubled...I don't like this unfounded emotion. 
I've always hated the 3 octave Bm scale at 9 in the morning 
I've always wanted 2 Sleeve my arm...But bc of my Profession I Can't  So I opted 4 discreet places on my left side
I've ate too much Sushi. @mat__ paid. That's why. Now God punishes me. I'm sick. 
ive become a twitter addict 
I've become a twitter MONSTER! I'm hardcore addicted.. I'm going to sleep now haha school tomorrow  ke hueva!
I've been a bad #SFA fan and have not tweeted much today  dam feeling ill. I shall try more!
I've been alive 8735 days and day 8736 will be my first without having a dog   RIP HERC....   
I've been at this job fair for almost 2 hrs and I've only seen 3 schools!! 
I've been avoiding pre-ordering my 3G S so that I can camp out and get one the morning of... is no one else doing that anymore? 
I've been awake for sixteen hours, and it's only six o clock 
I've been awake since 5am. I hate jetlag 
I've been awake since 9 something. It's so strange. Zooey still can't wake up. I wish Sean didn't work a double today. 
I've been bad about posting and it's because nothing interesting is happening 
I've been banned from ever having a dinner party, soiree, et cetera at my Aunt&amp;Uncle's house again.  
i've been bitten to buggery...! Soooooo ITCHY..!!!!!  
I've been carrying around a dead baby and didn't know it for a month now. Group Health feels I can hold out another 2 days til Thursday. 
I've been doing everything in the wrong order in pokemon. Why am I battling people with lvl 16 pokemons when i'm almost at lvl 50  ?!
I've been doing work ALL DAY.. About to go crazy here  
I've been dreaming about things I don't want for the last few months. Last night in my dream, I had a baby and she wasn't cute 
I've been driving everywhere tonight, not literally obvz. I feel the same as I always do; shite 
Ive been driving on this road tooo long.  Was not blessed with the gift of being able to follow directions 
I've been extremely busy lately and haven't been keeping up on Tweeter lately  I'll do my best to keep you all informed on whats going on
I've been feeling sick (no, I don't have a cough or cold) all week. 
I've been framed 
I've been gay to twitter recently :O I (L) you really twitter. just not tweeted in 26 days. Sorry 
I've been hammered for 5 hours straight 
I've been having allergic reactions almost every day....can't figure out what I'm allergic to!!  This is horrible. 
i've been having the same neverending headache for days now. enough 
ive been hearing someone's puppy cry all morning, and its breaking my heart. 
I've been here for 18 and I agree Aber 
I've been home alone for hours. I'm so bored. 
Ive been ignoring Twitter tonight ...I feel bad about it 
ive been in a great mood lately. i love everyone&lt;333333 i miss a lot of people 
i've been in bed all day watching the simspons. feeling better.. i might have to go to the doctors tomorrow 
I've been in bed since I got home at 6 pm fuck i hate being all achey 
ive been in the bed since saturday.... and its tuesday 
I've been in the car for 12 hours  No fucking joke we went to santa cruz for 30 mins then had to go. Hella ghey.
Ive been jumping between MMOs for so long I don't know what to do with myself when I realize I don't want to play any of them. 
I've been kicked out of my own blog so I can't update 
I've been laying here idk how long and i can't sleep! Which sucks cause i have school early 
I've been lazy all dern day.. about time i got my ass outta bed. trying to make songs ringers for my iphone. I'm confused! 
ive been listening to the same song by daft punk for hours now 
I've been looking at puppies all day. Ugh! 
I've been looking forward to 3.0 for like 6 months and now I'm bored with it  Meh, So wasn't worth the wait
I've been losing cell service quite frequently this morning. Not cool. Is it cause of the rain? I dunno but I don't like it. 
I've been messing with wii remotes and now can't get them synced 
I've been MIA for awhile...a busy bee...and now, my reward . We're going to FL this AM! I can't sleep because there's still more to pack 
I've been MIA from my journalism project 4 almost an hr. plus I don't feel well... Guys I think this sniffles thing is getting worse... 
ive been missing so many shows lately!    but none have close to my area...
I've been neglecting my twitter lately how tragic 
i've been neglecting twitter  haha ONE MORE DAY OF SCHOOL!
I've been not so faithful to twitter 
I've been off for 4 days and this morning it feels like no break at all 
I've been on momoy.com for the past 3 hours.. sooo addicting. A girl can dream, can't she?! 
I've been on my laptop alllll dayyyy longgg. Fuck I need a life. 
I've been on the internetfor like 3 hours looking for a black jacket, but i haven't found one 
I've been on this train for 4 hours and we're still not in Yorkshire. 
I've been out all day. Went to see the place where Pride and Prejudice filmed - beautiful! Got really bad stomach ache now though 
I've been packing and cleaning for the past seven hours! Who knew i had this much stuff?! My back is hurting.  must.keep.going.
I've been painfully tired all day long.  
I've been patiently waiting for the new AP to come, but it still hasn't! I don't know what to do with myself 
I've been playing a game on my daughter's NDS until the battery ran out at 4:30am. &quot;Pokï¿½mon Diamond&quot; even.  Doctor, am I losing it?
I've been playing Oblivion for the last 5 hours... GOD I HATE THIS GAME. Seriously, why did I ever enjoy this? This thing gave me OCD 
I've been rebuilding my itunes library for the majority of the day... I'm spent. 
I've been receiving spam tweets  How do I get rid of them? 
I've been rolling around my bed for the past 2 hours. I need to sleep!! But I can't  It's like I've never gotten over my jetlag.
I've been shopping for a bathing suit and I don't have that tankini body 
Ive been shopping for the past 2hrs. My zipper has been open the whole time 
I've been sick all day, sore throat, sore chest sore everything 
i've been sick for the past few days  and thus, my hair looks wierd.  if i didnt have a hat on it would look... http://tinyurl.com/mnf4kw
I've been sick this whole week how am I not dead yet? Oh and it's a bitch keeping track of when to take 6 different medications. 
I've been sick twice in an hour. I feel horrible  xxx
I've been sitting here for two and a half hours.  I wish I could just get my meds and go home.
I've been slack with twittering today I've had a pretty sick day  poor me.
I've been sleeping wayyyy too much lately. And yet, I'm still exhausted. 
I've been so nauseous all day long 
ive been so stressed out lately that i cant fall asleep so ive been takeing benadryl to help me sleep. i hope i dont become dependent 
I've been soo emoo. WTF I want my old self back 
I've been sooo depressed lately yall 
Ive been soooo sick...better yesterday..took wrong meds last nite! Now u can just shoot me again! Ugggg! 
I've been stood up 
I've been stripping!!! wallpaper that is, and painting  why do i always end up with more on me than on the walls?
I've been stuck in this house for two days 
I've been such a lazy cook lately  Can't seem to get motivated to make dinners that take too much time and or effort.
I've been syncing my iPod with my music since I got home and I'm only at K. 
I've been taking buses way too much. License please 
I've been the victim of credit card fraud! Some evil little scrote has spent over Â£2,000 on my card in a week! No card now for 2 weeks 
I've been the worst about tweeting/reading tweets. sorry guys 
i've been thinking about getting a blackberry or an iphone or something, sucks that they all have 2 year contracts 
I've been thinking of dying my hair either or black. My friends promise to revoke my dyeing privileges if I try it. 
I've been thinking too I go to work in 2 hours i wanted it before I went 
I've been thinking, where have so many of our FakeF1 drivers gone? I miss @fakefelipemassa 
i've been to Atlanta about 15 times since i've been an adult and have yet to goto a strip club. 
I've been to Rome, Italy. I love it there. Elegance, style. Very difficult to live in Chicago. No elegance here. Sad. 
I've been told power might be out until monday 
I've been totally stressed out all day today - with no apparent reason!  That's not a good sign... and I won't be able to sleep neither 
I've been trying to braid my hair since this morning. but it's too short now.  how I miss my long hair...
I've been trying to fall asleep for a hour  not working out! Its so hot in here.
I've been trying to get some work done for the last 20 minutes but I just can't focus. Still feeling iffy and now overwhelmingly tired. 
i've been trying to ignore all the political hoohah re:pres &amp; gay rights this week, but it just seems kinda disheartening 
I've been trying to sleep from 00:00 but turns out I'm able to sleep at 03:45 oh man 
ive been trying to upload a profile picture for like hours, ithink twitter is trying to tell me something 
I've been trying to watch The Secret Life for the past 2 hours, but so far have only been able to watch about 12 minutes. 
I've been unable to fall asleep lately... ugh 
I've been up about half hour and im already bored out of my mind 
Ive been up all night with charlotte. poor baby is sick  i hope she feels better! i have a wedding to attend today!
I've been up for only 6 1/2 hours and I'm already tired...yep, I'm sick. 
I've been up since 2:30 am trying to study for an exam I have in about 30 minutes  I'm on 4 hours of sleep..and I'm exhausted, and not ...
I've been up since 6:30....my body won't let me sleep in 
I've been up since 8. Way to freaking early on a day off! 
I've been up since fuckin 2:14 and I hatee it. I want sleep. I want jeremyyy to hold me while I sleep. Stupid teenage cravings 
I've been updating my Performance CV for what feels like forever - the last job on it was mid October 2008 
I've been very nice.   I just don't know what's wrong i don't get it anymore...
I've been waiting all day at work for iPhone OS3 and its not been released yet 
i've been waiting for ages  wonder whether to just do it or not?! Hmmmm.
i've been wanting this nike t-shirt but it much more expensive than those other nike shirts 
I've been watching music videos for over an hour and a half because I woke up and couldn't fall back asleep... 
ive been watching t.v since 4 
I've been wearing my pit bands for 9 days *sigh*  I swear I won't take them off...
Ive been working all day 
I've been working almost non-stop that I feel out of touch with the rest of the world - no time for tweets or events 
i've been working for more than 24 hours now 
i've been working hard since 9am..  but only half done. *ROAR*
I've been working on a deck most of the day. And not the patio kind, sadly 
I've been writing all day and I've written almost nothing I &quot;LIKE&quot;. I get all my best ideas in the shower.  I need a waterproof laptop.
I've being coughing all day today  
I've ben told it's my turn to vacuum the house this week. Oh joy. I'll probably just get it over w/ this afternoon. 
i've broke my tesco value computer chair  i hate this chair and my tesco value mouse. gutted
ive broken 2 pairs of sunglasses this year already 
ive broken my guitar hero 3 controller, so many memories 
i've broken my MAMP 
I've broken my vertical blind fixings pretty good 
ive broken PHP  it can stay broke its sunday morning and i cant be bothered
I've brushed off hanging out with you for years, now you are brushing me off. Funny how things work out. Karma is a bitch. 
I've buggered my toes and my trousers with that fall today 
i've burnt my ear and it hurts like helllll 
ive burnt my finger and it hurts so bad 
I've clearly been working on this for way too long at this point 
I've come to the conclusion that southern comfort does not let me sleep...  on to breakfast!
I've come to the conclusion that the reason why my manicures don't last is because the lady misses a few spots when doing the top coat 
I've come to the conclusion that the vast majority of the academically-trained HATE my writing style. Wooden prose! Crap! Un-publishable! 
Ive come to the decision that Sundays suck! Probably will have to start studying for summer tests next week 
I've completed all my holiday homeworks!   But i'm still held captive at home 
I've completely forgotten the password I placed on a document I started yesterday.  
I've concluded that the drunk Jessica left my ipod in Vegas!I'm so distraught! 
I've counted...I'm working another 11 days this week. 
ive cried sooooooooooooo much lately 
I've crippled my wrist again!  AHHH
I've currently got Cherrys,pears,peaches and coconuts In my Animal Crossing town. but I've some how lost my net so no bug catchin for me 
I've dated a couple girls i've never met before. -Joe Jonas(; wink wink haha date me noww Joe&lt;3  &lt;/3
I've decided 2 bite the dust and tackle my never ending piles of piles of misc &quot;stuff&quot; that has taken ovr my room! 
I've decided I don't like the 140 characters rule, it's not efficient it's limited 
i've decided i don't like the sun much, my sunburn is a bitch 
i've decided i'm done with my caffeine popping!  i was taking sometimes 1000mg a day.  feel so shitty right now haha 
I've decided that I am only getting married once, ever. If Matt dies, I am not remarrying, because planning a wedding is awful. 
I've decided that I don't really like any of the places that I can afford to live in in the Los Angeles area. 
I've decided to be dis-connected for my trip to Vegas and Cali, it makes me a little nervous like I might miss something especially funny 
I've decided to take a day off on  myu birthday to do homeowrk  My day is going to suck on Thursday.
I've decided... I need to take some time for myself and only myself every day. And I'm going to spend it... working out.. but idk how to! 
I've decided: Titanium is light years better than Aluminium (for me), not a good ride today at all, back end wouldn't stay planted 
I've discovered that being alone in my head is not a fun place to be 
I've done the postcard thing.  How do I get my people to actually invite people?  I still see a lot left in the pews.  #neumc
I've done wrong again, I know... that's why I feel so guilty 
ive drank so much water i think someone might have to drain me. t-mobile 
I've experienced apathy over empathy in customer service situations too many times recently. 
I've figured out I really have no idea what I'm doing and I just want to curl up in bed and forget everything. Yup! It's a down day. 
I've finally caved to  twittermania. Hell has finally frozen over and I'm cleaning in anticipation of mother dear's arrival 
I've finally given in. Now at Malaysian restaurant waiting for nasi lemak and teh Tarik. Mereka tak faham bm...  http://twitpic.com/2y4bh
Ive finished 4th year!!! Argh Uni is going soooooo quick 
I've finished Uni!!! Goodbye St Andrews!....hello dundee 
i've firmly resolved to do the social media thing only in my off hours now (unless i'm using it for work somehow). withdrawals already 
I've food poisened myself 
I've forgetten how to fake an English accent. Whenever I attempt, it turns to an Aussie one. HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO BE HARRY FOR OUR SKIT? 
i've fracutred my knee... :L i have a huge cast on it and need to use cruches... i misss aleexxx!!!!  &amp;&amp; i love my cruch buddy Bellaaa &lt;33
I've gave up, sleep is not an option anymore. And it is now 5.04 
I've given my students the evening off as it's Bank Holiday - some of the other lecturers haven't  shame
I've given up and am going to the doctor...being sick 3 times in one month is rather annoying 
ive given up on &quot;homework&quot; and am eating lots and lots of soothers to help my poor throat and is happy...apart from my cold  x
ive given up on jeans... im strictly wearing sweats and leggings!! 
ive given up on my dream to go manchester! Lampeter here i come 
I've given up on my nails. I manage to break non existent nails.  
I've given up on the free download of sonic cos of it being impossibly hard, really annoying 
I've got &quot;Hey Jude&quot; stuck in my head 
i've got 23 sketches - only 17 more to go! 
ive got 71  i feel NOT loved
I've got 8 hours of sleep and I'm still sleepy.   Somebody give me some energy!!  please.....
ive got a bad back  ouch
I've got a bit of neckache after going hard (not going home) at Alternative night. I mean I have to, it's nearly all over 
I've got a bruise on the middle-back of my left thigh.  I have no idea how I got it, but it makes sitting on hard chairs hurt. 
I've got a bubble gum craving, but I have no cash. 
I've got a bug bite on my leg. It's red and itchy 
I've got a case of the Monday's 
I've got a charged laptop &amp; a stolen internet connection- the world is my oyster.  Except coffee is not included in my oyster, so I'm sad 
Ive got a chill, shut up shop and i may get in trouble....i just dont want to get anyone else sick 
I've got a cold   I swear to god if i've got swine flu...
i've got a craving for something. i just don't know what 
I've got a crooked nose  yeah! http://twitpic.com/6cc6y
I've got a headache  night everyone.
i've got a headache and i need food 
I've got a headache so bad I can't see right 
I've got a horrible feeling that i've run out of steam three days early. Nothing is making sense. Giving up for the day. 
I've got a killer headache.  Anyone else think of any lipgloss/lipbalm company names? Or necklace/accessories company names? Hit me up!
I've got a long day tomorrow eww bleakaliciousness is not cool! Gym @ 6am and then class, and handling people's bizness for them ugh 
i've got a lot of homework to do but i prefer eating ice cream and doing nothing haha @laryllan i miss u 
I've got a really bad leg  would you still love me if I had to walk with a stick? X
I've got a really bad nat bite  I've never actually had one this bad.. It hurtss  x
I've got a really bad pain in my gum but I can't afford the dentist 
I've got a really bad toothache 
i've got a serious headache and my knee is sore its not good. Oh well of the crutches in 3 to 4 days but no football for 2 to 3 weeks 
i've got a small crappy 32cm analogue TV for the meals area.it's not worth getting a set top box for.when digital only starts, it dies 
I've got a sore throat and I wish I was in bed  .. . Woe.
I've got a sore tummy.  Not cool.
I've got a spot and its killing me! 
I've got a terrible headache. I've had one since 730am. Help 
I've got a weird feeling in the put of my stomach now. 
ive got an insane week ahead of me 
I've got an upset stomach  Damn cookies, ice cream, and pasta combo i had for dinner!!!
I've got B for my english exam and my mom is mad at me. 
Ive got bitten by some bug. it hurts. its on my knee. 
I've got cold arms 
I've got dishes to wash, my hair to take a look at, and a list of things to buy... that's all for the day? How disappointing 
I've got eye aids, it hurts 
I've got facial today..its very extremely paintful 
i've got headache  learning for school tommorroww..
i've got headache this morning 
I've got home and reallised I've lost my phone somewhere between the dam and the yard  So I've got to go back out again.
I've got it now too  Bleugh...
I've got lots of update status on my twitter. I think I'm gonna stop following some people. sorry, people 
i've got many big and SOLID bruises from paintball. must rub down 
I've got my bad hair day 
I've got no friends on twitter, so I'm just tweeting to myself   
I've got nothing against poodles, @AdamOfDallas, really! :-D it's only the whole Berlusconi's bestiality thing that disgusted me. A lot. 
I've got nothing to tweet 
I've got one busy week up ahead...back to the real world, and missing Nashville 
i've got one good working eye today.  no fun at all, thanks to a nasty mosquito bite.  
I've got proper side pains 
i've got Prove that people change   ; ahh what a Bummer !
I've got some spare time, thought i would make a new background, still trying to figure out what resolution to use though 
I've got sore throat! I'm sure it's because I walked in the rain yesterday 
Ive got spares. Urgh i have so much work to do 
I've got sunburn on top of my sunburn, and my dental in the morning isn't making it any better. I miss Colton. &amp; still no sorry from you 
I've got sunburnt knees... it's funny now, but I bet they'll sting later   Had a fab day though  x
ive got that stupid feeling where you want to eat eat eat but your not even hungry  
Ive got the cold 
Ive got the docs (yes, again!) on the 15th .... NOT looking forward to it one bit. More tests, more questions.. more medication 
I've got the flu - I feel like I have been hit by a truck 
I've got the get up and go to work blues 
I've got the headache from hell today. Head spinning, throwing up and been asleep on the sofa all day 
I've got the laundromat blues  And I forgot my book.
Ive got the post roo blues... 
I've got the runs at work Fml 
I've got the Sims 3! But I can't play it because I dropped the booklet down the side of the fridge, I have to wait til my dad comes home! 
I've got the sleep eyes... ewww.  
I've got the twitterfon blahs... I miss my tweet tweet from twitterrific 
I've got these weird cut things that keep appearing on my fingers, and I dunno how. It makes typing really uncomfortable. 
I've got to get myself ready. We are going to CostCo. Whoopee! We will 'save' even more money today. 
i've got to get up early tomorrow  and i really need to sleep 
I've got to go and do the Asda big shop  hate it!!!
Ive got to go and do the last of the housework and shit so ill tweet from my phone but ive alredy sent 1636 txts  Top up for other phone?
i've got to go to work soon  I don't wanna go
i've got to leave in 15 mins  #wcsocial
I've got to much crap to do today. one is not something I want to or every thought i'd have to deal with.  wondering why
I've got to play w/ my DSL modem (Bridge vs PPPoE) and my router, today. Web surfing in Linux is as slow as dial-up!  #savemyexperience
I've got to wean myself off of sugar   Maybe I'll try Atkins to get it outta my system.  I'm gonna start gaining some serious lbs soon!
I've got two 24&quot; Mac monitors on my desk - but I've been getting neck ache  So I've hidden half of one behind the other - so decadent!!
I've got vacation !! No more work, but... still behind my pc at 7am 
I've got work at 8.30 in the morning. i should really goto bed but i can't sleep! 
i've got work later!  man, i just cant connect to the internet there.
I've gotta duck into the office....on a public holiday. 
I've gotta get out of this place, on course for self destruct 
i've gotta go to work 2morrow..  thanx for following. &lt;3
I've gotta unload the yaks and vacuum the truck out before we go shopping...and it's already lava hot outside. 
I've gotten my haircut 2 times in 2 weeks,I was having hair issues! Got 'em resolved now,but can upload my new do to show ya'll,sorry! 
I've gotten no secrets from my secrets link. - Thatâ€™s so sad.  http://tumblr.com/xsz23rj91
I've grown fat and flabby 
I've grown to love my huge bedroom mirror @naomiserene @wayne_elise @flipsays I just found out theres no way my wall will support it 
I've had 12 hours of sleep...and somehow I'm still tired? 
I've had a blasted cold for the last few days now, it's so bloody annoying.  Thank goodness I don't get them often.
I've had a clear out of followers this morning, lost several who had never done an update in their Twitter life! shame 
I've had a fever of 102.4 all night 
I've had a headache aaaall day  and I can't get rid of it. #fml
I've had a headache for 2 days and it won't go away 
I've had a headache for the last 3 days.  I don't want to go to school todayyyy
I've had a horrible horrible sleep and my stomach is burning. Bleh 
Ive had a lovely day with my kiddies. Tyler turned 4. Now he is under the weather 
I've had a mad half hour on the trampoline while the sun is shining.  Back to work tomorrow after 2 weeks off 
Ive had a migraine headache for a week straight. Its getting old. FMY. Help ! 
Ive had a splitting headache for like 2 hours now. 
I've had a Wii for 4 months, and it's not even been out of the box yet. It's still in the carrier bag where it was dumped. 
Ive had chills the whole time watching this and its barely even started. @taylorswift13 is amazing wish I could go to the fearless tour 
I've had my first drunken regret.  fuck.me.  I'm sorry to &quot;cheffie&quot; for being a major bitch...I shouldn't have made such a big deal. 
I've had my laptop on my lap for 2hrs to dry my jeans...not there yet!! 
I've had one too many ticks on me this week. Now I feel crawly all the time. 
I've had so many mangoes, I feel like I'm cheating on watermelons 
I've had SO many probs w/ my twitter app this week  FINALLY seems to be back to normal . . . we'll see
Ive had such a bad headache for like the last 4 days and it won't go away. Grr 
ive had such a boring day indoors all day...  i really need to come up with some plans for this summer!
I've had such a good weekend. Don't want it to end 
I've had the most tweetless day. =/ Sorry. Sleep consumed my life, I apologize! 
I've had the need to sneeze all dang day &amp; my right eye won't stop watering   Worst kind of being sick!
ive had the worst day in the history of well worst days and its only gona get worse  
i've had this headache for three days now 
ive had this laptop barely 6 months and already its on its last legs. jeez 
I've had to walk every where we go today! my body is killin me tonight! 
ive had twitter 4 like 3 months and i still dont get it 
I've heard &quot;Year One&quot;, a movie starred by Jack Black and Micheal Cera isn't that good. 
Ive heard the New Jay z wit My Palm pre !while playin Tetris n Watching French Open haha 
i've hit the boredom stage with this dissertation   sick of the library now- i wanna be in the sun!
I've hurt my back can't do anything 
ive hurt my tongue 
Ive just been descoped 
I've just been told i have no idea how to use Twitter. I feel so square 
I've just entertained a private party and now straight back to the hospital 2 b w/ my sister. Im still dressed up 
i've just got into work.. what's this weather all about? 
I've just got shat on by a dirty pigeon 
I've just left my office. I also overworked for 3 hours today 
i've just made a lovely chicken dinner and am now totally stuffed. Gunna chill out for the rest of the day now. Back to work tomorrow ... 
I've just picked up my daughter from kindy and its sooo cold my toes and fingers are numb 
I've just realised I'm mentally skipping tweets of green icons. Partially as a result of #iranelection overload 
I've just realised that I am in Pembroke/Rathmines Ward, which means I cannot vote for @mannixflynn 
I've just realised, I guess yesterday was the last of the gorgeous weather. 
I've just seen a magpie kill a little bird 
I've just seen bill oddie, sorry no pic 
I've just spent 1 hour to enter all the bureaucratic nonsense for March. What a waste of my time 
I've just spent 3 hours trying to think of my top 10s of things and I just realised we don't even have geoggy tomorrow... GOD DAMNIT 
I've just tasted the worst dipping sauce ever at casa. Ekkkkkkkkkk!!!!  
I've just updated a couple of Wordpress sites. Bummer to see that I need to build a K2 theme from scratch again... damn 
I've just washed my hair because I couldn't bear it anymore. How come mine sucks ?  Please, be shiny and healthy !
I've just woke up and I'm suprised because nobody is online 
I've just written a news about StarCraft 2... Why it's premiere is so distant? 
Ive kept thinking its friday today, I'm quite upset I have to go to work again tomorrow 
I've literally just realised that my entire week disappears from 1pm tomorrow, and suddenly Friday doesn't seem too great 
I've literally spent the past 4 and a half hours working, God I hate deadlines!  And I've got my assessment with Lady Voldermort 2morrow!
i've lost 17lbs and im not satisfied..  i wanna lose more
I've lost 5 followers in one day  'is it something I said?'
I've lost about 50 followers today. very strange.  Why would I be loosing so many?
I've lost about 6 followers in the last few days  They were probably all 'bots though (hopefully) x
I've lost all my personal photos  so sad
I've lost count the number of times I cried from watching Rosy Business  #fb
I've lost my BB Cable 
I've lost my boy... 
I've lost my datakey. Its like losing a favorite pet; I took that little fella everywhere. Oh the fun we had, the data we shared. 
I've lost my favourite hoody  I don't understand how I've managed to lose a hoody thought.
i've lost my favourite mac lipgloss...i'm so upset about it....i never lose things 
I've lost my favourite sunglasses 
ive lost my fucking retainer. cost Â£200 to get new ones  helloo wonky teeth.........
I'VE LOST MY HAIRDRYER 
ive lost my ipod     X_x
i've lost my ipod. sad times.  
I've lost my mind 
i've lost my mind bcoz of some things... 
I've lost my mobile phone. sucks 
I've lost my pocket knife  Suggestions for replacing a Ken Onion Chive?
I've lost one of the rubber things on my headphones that keep it plugged in my ear  Hope I can find the spares.
ive lost the ability to blow bubbles with bubblegum 
i've lost the charger for my little camera 
I've lost the one thing that is very important to me &amp; is irreplaceable. 
ive made up my mind, im giving up the extra hrs on wed. cus im uber behind in my studies!! 
Ive manage to actually really really hurt my knee  Its true, Im a walking Health and Safety risk!!
I've managed to cut my neck........ouch 
I've managed to fuck my computer right up, mostly fix it and go to insanity and back. Tweetdeck's broken too. 
I've managed to loose all three of my scanners   I only need one
I've met another Ricardo  i no wat i must do...headache.
I've missed Conan two days in a row. I feel like a bad fan  BTW, Chad Smith looks like Steve Butabi.
I've missed my boy allllll day!  too bad he had to go and work. Can't wait for this week to be over already so I can see him!!!!!!xxxxxxxx
Ive missed so much!!!  #masterchef
i've missed the sun ... last time it was as warm as this i was minorca last year. it was so much warmer there!! i miss minorca!!! 
I've missed you Twitter 
I've never been   And now Ive got this burning desire to go. Lets go! @travelinganna and @al999 and the rest of my @ peeps!
i've never been in so much pain 
Ive never been in this much pain! 
Ive never been on twitter this long. oh my. Im getting off the pc but it wont help. Many of my good twitter-folk come to my phone. lol 
I've never been restricted on twitter 
I've never been so tired in my life. Work til 7 
I've never been this upset to see boobies 
Ive never cried so much over a movie  i love lifetime everyone turn it to for the love of a child on lifetime!!!
I've never eaten by myself at a fastfood place. Haha. I feel weird 
i've never even gotten a DM from anybody   hey, @JonathanRKnight can i get a pity DM? LOL
I've never felt ashamed to be a Yorkshireman, until now. It's a sad day for politics knowing the BNP is stronger than ever. 
I've never felt more out of shape than sitting here on Santa Monica Beach, watching all the people running &amp; working out!!!! 
I've never gagged puked in my mouth while eating ANY food and today it happened, thank you jack in the box you are 1 in a million... 
Ive never known pain until now  I miss him so much. Im gonna try and force myself to sleep. GOODNIGHT world.
Ive never known real pain until now  I miss him so much. bad karma? oh well :'( im gonna try to force myself to sleep. night everyone
i've never met anyone who won an iPhone  #squarespace
I've never puked so much in 1 day  damn you gastroenteritis!
i've not been blogging as much as i wish i could  Busy being pregnant 
I've not been impressed by o2 or carphone shithouse this morning... Where are all the geeks? 
I've not practiced yoga or taught any classes in two weeks! Death of a loved one is the only thing that can interfer with my practice 
i've now been in the countryside for 2 days. Already i have left chaos in my wake.  I want to come back to the city 
I've now crashed my car lol...3 days afta gettin it 
I've OD'd on blueberries, strawberries and Greek yoghurt. I should have had it after my run and not before 
I've officially hit the point of complete loneliness.  PB...I miss you SO much.  Going to bed because I'm sad and tired of crying.  
I've officially joined the &quot;my bike got stolen in the city&quot; club...gotta love city living..or in my case, sudo-city living 
I've only been at work for an hour and I'm ready to go home. This is gonna be a loonng day 
I've only been here for like an hour and a dog already tried to eat another dog 
ive only been on twitter 2days so am i really dumb because i still only know how to write an update  if so someone please help
I've only been up for 55 minutes and im tired again 
i've only been up for a few minutes. now i have to figure out the finances 
I've only been up for an hour and today already sucks 
I've only got through 200 so far, the rest will have to wait. No time for comments this time around 
I've only had 3 hours sleep since yesterdy &amp; i still can't get to sleep. 
I've only had two good weeks this summer. I'm just ready for august and october 9. oh, and i miss you 
I've only just noticed that Fleetwood Mac are playing in Glasgow in October, but it's already sold out.  
I've only just woken up,feel dead rough damn having a cold 
i've possibily ruined cheese forever for my partner. i feel really bad! he loves cheese as much as wallace (from wallace &amp; grommit) does! 
I've pretty much lost my appetite. 
I've pulled a muscle in my back and it is very painful! 
I've pulled a tendon in my left heel and can't walk properly. I hobble slowly and gingerly from place to place. 
I've realised that I'm more a waterfall of miscellany than a fountain of knowledge 
I've realized I really, really want to go to @warped09 and I have no way of buying a ticket. 
I've realized I'm a smiley junkie... wtf is wrong with me 
Ive realized the biggest thing I miss about the house so far, is the multiple bathrooms. 
I've realized the fact that I've become too independent for my own good. 
I've really hurt my back. I was lying on a bench and when I got up my lower back was excrutiating. I don't know what to do 
I've really lost my glasses now  WHERE ARE THEY. I can't sleep with my contacts in. I miss yoouuu, glasses, you make me ME.
I've resulted in doing homework after ultimate boredom  it's ok my musics on loud. Metro Station + you me at six ohh and all time low (LL)
I've ridden the red line from Maryland to DC many times.  So sorry for the people in those trains.  
I've run out of The Hills to watch so now I am extremely bored 
I've run out of things to tweet about 
I've said it before.. Jr. couldn't drop the winning turd in a 1-man shitting contest!! Poor Jr.   
I've scheduled today is going to be MakGaBut day... It ruined in pieces... 
I've seen all the office eps.  what to do with my evenings now?
I've seen Sam 3 times today on separate occasions. I'm going to miss the Cranes so much  
i've seen so many saab convertibles lately it's making me think of Bette Porter, and how much i miss her and TLW 
I've sent 4 SASE's (over 5 years) to James Gunn and still have not recieved my SPECIALS Screenplay that he said he would send me. 
I've seriously had the hiccups for the last half hour 
I've set black theme for Twitterfox.  the textarea background and the font color are black. I cudnt see what I'm typing.. UI sucks 
I've should of known better 
Ive slept on my neck and my back weird &amp; now everytime i move my head its complete agony. Owwww 
I've smoked so much recently, more than I've ever done 
I've so much going in my head now. School stuff, problems, worrying abt stuff and thinking of the boy. 
I've spent $500 this week.  Admittedly that's 4 pairs of pants, 2 tops, the dentist and a pair of shoes, but it's still too much 
I've spent the last hour looking for just the right pair of DC skate sneakers. They're not turning up 
I've started on composing a new piece of hypno-music... it is *not* going well though 
i've started playing left 4 dead! it's pretty good, except i suck at fps. i've been kicked a few times  it's dangerously addictive
I've started to learn for my examinations. Biology is so~ time consuming 
I've started up Stranglethorn. Tons of mobs that I can't pickpocket. 
I've started working on this silly thing again: http://twiturl.de/ffff even though it's more than 3 years old, I somehow had the urge to 
I've STILL got the worries 
Ive still not began this college work!! Im thinking of going for a bath now.....lol I cant concentrate today, i have too many worries 
ive sunburn on my face...its not very nice 
I've to go back home bcoz I forget the adaptor 
I'VE TOLD THEM I CAN'T WATCH THE KILL ARI EPS! 
I've totally kill the suspense. Multitasking is really not for me  Oh btw Hi everybody!
I've tried for three days in a row to stay up for the entire day in order to sleep early - but I always end up sleeping too early. 
i've tried my best for not thinking damn much. but its still spinning on my head. anyone reveal insomnia potion pls 
i've tried so hard to make my life balance in every way but i guess it just couldn't be like that 
i've tried to send an message from my phone, when i was at school, but i think twitter hasnt update 
I've twittered all day by text but Vodafone ate them all   I hate it when techonlogy fails me!
IVE USED ALL MY DAILY PHOTO UPLOADS FOR TODAY  HOW WILL I LIVE! http://tumblr.com/xcm1wiz7x
I've wasted much time today on bus, the weather is terrible and I'm quite sleepy... 
I've wasted the whole day now. Lovely. I really wanted to write. 
I've watched 5 episodes of house + could quite happily carry on.... I do however have a small 11hr shift tomoro so unfortunately CANNOT 
I've well and truely fucked my wrist up 
I've worked a whole shift already and the rest of you arent even awake yet! Get up, im boreddd 
I've worked out out to put people into groups @Tweetvisor - but how do I see those groups? It doesn't seem to be working for me? 
ive yet to watch Hannahmontana.  &amp;I need to catch up w my school work.  sorry mates.
iwant to be at the MTV Awards. 
iwant to go home.  doing english coursework, i feel ill. 
IX hosting email not working 
Ixia is closing? Nooooo! Where will I get my fav martini--the Queen Bee? 
iz lyk''God made Da Earth...Den HE restd...God made man...Den He rested...Den God made WOMAN 'N since then neither God or man has rested 
iz packing the last things. Carpets and such.. For fuck sake! I never thought I had sooo manyyyy things! 
iz ronery 
iz sunburned bad 
IZ THE WIZ IZ nie meer  This was iiiiiiiiiiittttt    respect!
Izequini@aplusk hi, ashton i love you in thats70show, i still watch it! i love you so much, all movies etc, reply me, please?? 
iznik meeting is almost over but I will be here for one more day to wrap up. it is so nice place, I dont wanna leave it.. 
Izza goes back tomorrow. Do not want 
Izzy: Morning! Just woken up and currently stuffing my face with toast (:. I have loads of work to do today  xx
J says the dye used in the scan is radioactive so I don't get to have kisses tonight 
j. alexanders... i'm sorry nintendo, but if i'm in a collared shirt then chances are you're staying home tonight 
j. is gone now.. miss him already  now i'm going to watch gossip girl i can't live a day without it. sooooooo excited !!!!
J.cool with caviarrrrr!!! they're out of mochi tho  http://myloc.me/25fY
Jab was uber ouch! Colleagues laughed at me. 
Jack and I are taking Hubby to airport for his biz trip. We're saaaad.  
Jack can't wait until he gets hom from the Vet. My leg hurts   http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6236285
jack gets his haircut tomorrow!  I'm gonna miss his long hair!
Jack johnson... Better Together. Best song on the night 
Jack Kemp passed away  politician from NY but also played in NFL for the bills.
Jack Russell Terror is still limping, and bleeding from her nails.    Doing my editing today since tomorrow looks like an a.m. at the vet
Jack Whitehall looks dead bored  lmaooo!
Jack.....u mad @ me? I hope not,I really really didn't mean to if I did...Jackyjack? 
jackdaw1 says 'Today I am having to go back to work!  Miss you all!'
JACKET?????? who needs a freaking jacket? REALLY wish i could kip in the sun though. 
Jackie's eating a muffin and i really want some 
JACKPOT! saw my rainbow inbetween stations but was gone by the time i got to my stop to take a pic 
Jack's back to the vets tonight 
jacob just made me drive down my road. 
jacob misses me too 
Jaden had to go home with his Daddy tonight because I wont have a babysitter tomorrow, which sux cus I want to spend time with him 
jae keeps adding stuff to the tattoo on his back, and why does taemin look so old? 
Jaffe I miss your videos, every Friday at work I would buy some Greek food (gyro, rice, salad) mix it all up and watch your vid as I ate. 
j'ai trouvï¿½ un superbe thï¿½me mais anglosaxon (sur theme forest) 
Jailbreaked iPhone OS 3.0 yeah  Go back to learn... 
Jailbreaking lol....... bored of course 
Jaja broke my effin pen.. I s-till dont feel good. Need sleep. 
Jakarta. Man, i wish i still at minas playing guitar with friends. 
Jake and Barclay r so gay tehehehe... its sux that BB and JT have 2 go 2 skate park 2morrow  now they cant come to my place with jake. 
jake and my just checked out the damage done to the car stupid hit and runs  and jakes back hurts and my neck hurts we are mad
