worrying about @electricdino. morgan, if you get this message me back! please dont be sad, youre making me sad too 
worrying about going to college on monday 
worrying about Joey, he got flu 
worrying about my car being fixed  wondering if my luck will ever change
worrying about my social studies homework! 
Worrying about Saturday !! 
worrying about stuff 
Worrying About Stupid Skool &amp; Stupid Friends 
worrying my dear, oh please reply my message immediately 
Worrying myself sick googling reasons for throwing up in toddlers. This is the first time my baby has been sick. 
worrying... what's taking him so long... 
Worse Day Off Evvverrr 
Worse ear ache ever ! 
WORSE FUCKING DAY EVERRRR.   Tonight better make up for today 
Worship practiced changed from Thurs. night to Sat. AM. Guess I don't get to get out of class early on Thurs. 
worst $3.75 spent . the put no love into my frappuchino  ! lol ftw your not suppose to make extra stops on my trip to starbucks.
Worst birthday weekend ever...    (no offense)
Worst California traffic right now 
Worst cramps ever! I never get them like this... ! 
Worst day at work 
worst day ever          x
Worst day ever  Work was horrible, lost all my money and wallet and ID. I'm giving up on June 20th, 2009.
Worst day ever! Not feeling well  brother lost his basketball game  my cellphone is officially dead  and I have a huge headach 
worst day ever!! 
Worst day ever!!  I really hope everything works out for my neighbors... I'm still in shock... I've always hated that pool.
worst day ever, best friend left im moving sat &amp;shell be back in august so wont see her til november hopefully  cried all dayy
Worst day ever. 
Worst day ever. And its only noon. 
worst day ever. taking A to the e.r. because hes got blood in his urine and it hurts him to pee ( poor baby 
@thebluefairy not much. Hugs are always appreciated though. I'm just worried for those who went. 
@theblueparty just tried 2 call in but it was busy   n e way, yall gotta play ONE WEEK by the Barenaked ladies
@thebmatt oh oops   for some reason I thought you were in ANV  /facepalm
@thebmatt That is correct  means I need to find another 25 man to get Zerb his achievements with.
@theboatissinkin apparently, hindi ako close sa mga classmates ko for this year 
@TheBobBlog Work  last night before I start vacation though, thank effing God!
@TheBoffin67 How *incredibly* shite. That's a total bummer 
@Thebombshell u already knooooo.. i wish it had a light tho 
@thebookbark As a teen previously there. Most Teens will create MG accounts because its free and easy to do and the TG is dead sadly 
@theboomtube  my mom woke me up at 7 so I would ake it... worth it. And yes  I do wanna cook.
@thebootdotcom is kenny chesney there I didn't see him at all 
@TheBossBets I would my love but i work sat and sunday, and i would use unpl but i have to use it when i go to colombia  SOWWY!!
@TheBossiestT great, i neva sleep lol  i take naps and get back to it
@TheBossMB um I'll be @ Detroit concert! I entered a contest to see B in NY but I lost  You have followers in Detroit other than me?
@thebostonista Just found out the one in Fan. is under construction!!!! 
@TheBottomLine hahahahah inside joke that you're not a part of. sorry  i just sorta blurted it out.
@theboygeorge i only have cell ph access   , wish i could view what yer posting, seems like great stuff. is it videos or music? xoxO
@theboygeorge i wish i still read books  college kinda killed them all for me lol, hopefully il be able to get back into them now! 
@theBrandiCyrus  that dog is too cute !!!!!!!!! it sure fits into your perfect family ... i wish i had a perfect family like yours ... 
@theBrandiCyrus  That's Is sad  I Miss Miley too
@theBrandiCyrus aww are you going to visit her? you should 
@theBrandiCyrus awwww 
@theBrandiCyrus for some reason whenever i go to starbuck i cannot jack the internet 
@theBrandiCyrus i misss my sister too  we can be sad together!
@theBrandiCyrus ive never been to six flags brandi 
@theBrandiCyrus Me too!  Unfortunately, we don't have one here in Washington 
@theBrandiCyrus Oh verry cool! But I dont think I will like her movie. Cuz she is kissing someone during 2 minutes and I dont like it. 
@theBrandiCyrus ohmygosh! That penguin is sooo cuteee!! I want one so bad 
@thebrandicyrus so I guess that means your not going to be at your dads show tonight 
@theBrandiCyrus so lucky! In a rainy village in the uk 
@theBrandiCyrus u r right! new moon trailer is amazing! I hv to wait till Jan or Feb 2010  in Europe it only starts then :/
@theBrandiCyrus well yeah its relly sad whut hapened saw it on the news 
Waiting for something that I know will never come. 
waiting for spanish class to start. 
waiting for Steven to come home from work, then he has a dentist appointment @ 3. I won't see him at all.  My shirt is fantastic, though.
waiting for stls 
Waiting For Sunday To Come 
waiting for technical difficulties to be fixed 
waiting for that big #squarespace  of a heat patch to kick in. 
Waiting for that elusive red bus  #fb
Waiting for that one phone call. 
Waiting for the 3.0 firmware to come out 
waiting for the 6 train too go to work 
waiting for the big meeting 
waiting for the boiler repairman (gremlins fucking the electronics..), while crunching some numbers (how I like crunching numbers.. 
Waiting for the bus again,but this time it's raining like hell and i forgot to take an umbrella with me! Poor me 
Waiting for the bus! Oh bus where are you? 
waiting for the bus, yet again alone! 
waiting for the bus,got no sleep last night today is going to suck 
waiting for the bus. the sun is out, but it's cold 
Waiting for the bus. Why it hasn't arrived yet? I'm starving to death 
waiting for the bus... and i gots to potty 
Waiting for the chef prepare my dinner...mmm smells so goood! meanwhile I'll clean the back yard 
waiting for the doctor...again!!! this past few days have been doctor days!! i want to feel better!!  ....
Waiting for the Doctorrrr - wee 
Waiting for the guests to leave!! ...I need a Qatari national for a sponsor i think ...poopsicles! 
waiting for the h&amp;m shoes. 
Waiting for the health insurance guy. Trying to be optimistic about my plan options after three surgeries. 
Waiting for the hearing to begin. Bit nervous cuz i'm totally overdressed 
Waiting for the iPhone 3.0 firmware! 
Waiting for the iPhone 3.0 software update. 10 am PDT 
waiting for the jailbreak 3.0 release 
Waiting for the Josephs! 
Waiting for the kettle to boil so not online for very long 
Waiting for the list of passengers on board of flight Air France 477 Rio-Paris  228 people
Waiting for the maid service to help me since my right leg is still in the cast and the left leg is truly no better  They better not steal
Waiting for the new Yellowsn0w release - still unable to make calls with the 3g 
Waiting for the next game with Spain. Girls, go ahead!!!    I'm in Sochi, missing my &quot;wife&quot; 
waiting for the portside snores to subside so I can get some Zeds 
waiting for the rain to come... It's just to hot to study... 
Waiting for the rain to stop 
waiting for the rain to stop so i can get my jog in this morning 
waiting for the rain to stop yet again 
waiting for the rest to arrive ...hungry 
waiting for the result of final exam ! 
Waiting for the 'shuttle'. Its freezing. The guy next to me is chewing mint gum...I can smell it! Oh and I forgot to wear my perfume! 
Waiting for the train  so bored!
Waiting for the train in the cold 
Waiting for the train so i can carry my ass home. I miss my bed.   &lt;HoUsE Of CaSsIdY&gt;
Waiting for the tram. My feet are killing me. New shoes = blisters. 
Waiting for the videos of live chat to finish loading. I missed it 
waiting for the weather to turn nicer ... sick of the rain 
waiting for the week to go by 
waiting for this long ass day to be over...off to tucci's for sean campbell's last day 
Waiting for tim and asil. . . They are late tonight 
waiting for Tom too get hereeee, cant wait any longer  miss him
Waiting for train to depart, suddenly feeling melancholy. I tend to do most things alone. 
waiting for trish to come online, which she said she was going to, but she lied (not really lied, but led me astry, none the less) 
Waiting for tuition now. I wanna go home and sleep!  Leeching off someone else's wifi is kinda really awesome.
Waiting for ultrasn0w! I want all of my iPhone's functionally back! 
Waiting for Up to start... Show starts at 9:50... Poo 
Waiting for ups guy.  I wanna see a movie now though
waiting for wendsday - hopefully will be better then. got a bit of headache so cannot knit 
Waiting for Will to get home  Starting to feel lonely  Missing Will!!!
Waiting for winter to end, which ain't fun since winter just started 
Waiting for yhe comcast guy to fix my cable... Mean while he unhooked the Internet! Can't work from my iPhone too well. 
waiting for your credit card to start working again, means no going out saturday night, due to no cash moneyyy 
waiting her mom for breakfastt...when will she call my nameeeeee.. 
Waiting impatiently for #timewarnercable to come by and install smartcards in my #tivo. My appt isnt until 2-4 though. 
Waiting impatiently for Paige to finish dinner. 
Waiting in A &amp; E after a lorry crashed into the back of my car. No injuries but am really shaken up 
Waiting in a long line at chick-fil-a 
Waiting in hospital, they are behind schedule so it will be a long night 
Waiting in line @ tryst 
waiting in line 2 hours early to see transformers...last night in la 
Waiting in line at kfc.  
Waiting in line at Mohawk's to see St. Vincent. It's a sold out show, so @RNSuprJade couldn't join me. 
Waiting in line at Taco Bell. Hometown sucks, but esp for late night food 
Waiting in line at target just to check a gift registry argh the computers are down and its a loooooonnnng line  umphf!
Waiting in line at the bank  it's taking forever  
Waiting in line at the pharmacy at longs. Longest line ever 
Waiting in line at the post office. What more do I need to say 
waiting in line for breakfas...a very, very long line 
Waiting in line for my Rx. There's never this much of a wait here. 
Waiting in line to get gas..94 degrees today 
waiting in the airport. vacation is over 
waiting in the airport...foot and ankle still gimpy 
Waiting in the cold for a manager to come 
Waiting in the drive thru line @ starbucks tossing my 30min morning core workout out the window 
waiting is no fun  isn't it monday yet?
waiting is the worst thing someone can do on a saturday evening.. 
waiting is torture 
waiting now 
Waiting on 360 to get back... 
Waiting on a client..... Not enough time to work out or go anywhere...  Have to wait and be bored. 
waiting on Aaron to call 
Waiting on Ashleigh to get here, i feel like crap! 
Waiting on computers 
waiting on confirmation.Will most likely have a star from Deep Space 9 on the show. Leonard Nimoy wanted to but is flying in late. 
Waiting on dinner. Clean starving lads 
waiting on hubby to get home from staff duty!!!   
Waiting on Momma. shes at the Doctors ;) Oprah's Sad 
waiting on my baby,I miss him very much 
Waiting on my boss to arrive.. nothing to do so far 
Waiting on my results from my dad's MRI... He keeps talking like he's gunna die 
waiting on my ride  i hope she gets her soon or we will never get to ride diamond back!
Waiting on oil change... why do they always tell me 45 minutes and it ends up being 2 hours? 
Waiting on phone repair man. Hoping to have my phones working soon  Also praying this is a better day
Waiting on plane arriving delayed by 15 mins so far 
Waiting on the Ipod touch 2nd gen Jailbreak . itouch 2g always left fa last 
waiting on the pool guy..frustrated at the construction in my office because the bad air keeps making me sick 
Waiting on the tarmac at LHR.  No place to park the plane 
Waiting on the train. It's taking forever!!! 
waiting on this steamed shrimp... daydreamin and thinkin of him! I know my babe is NOT eatin this good rite now...  Damn Airforcers LLs
waiting on you... 
Waiting outside the regent they not here yet 
Waiting patiently indoors for the heatwave to leave Wales, can't take any more sun 
waiting patiently to get inked. gooooddddd i hate that buzzing noise 
waiting the boys to get home from their guys night out grrr I hate when im home alone 
Waiting til 7am...off til 7am on wednesday  not really much of a day off, huh?
Waiting till dinner's ready.. Becoming ill i think.. Not feeling so well 
Waiting to be picked up from the office. Its already late, and I still have an early meeting tomorrow 
Waiting to board i miss neeko! 
Waiting to board the plane. Frustrated that Safari on my iphone not picking up the wifi providers home page   My ASAS eee works fine
waiting to clock in...the love of my life is here of course he just doesn't know it yet and probably never will 
waiting to eat at the riverwalk; everywhere we go has at least a 1 hr long wait, not even my landry's vip card can help me! 
waiting to find out if we can get into my friend's buck 'n doe... i HATE not being 19. 
waiting to get a physical... i hate doctors appts... @ least its not the dentist 
Waiting to get coffee with Jeff. Got cut from work 
Waiting to get labs drawn... 
Waiting to get my cardetailed. Eta 3 hours  pottering around the city til then.
Waiting to get my first order of Robert Kaufman fabric...  seems to take FOREVER to get first orders   I hate waiting
waiting to get picked up! 
waiting to go back to my cold, lonely student room !  booo.
waiting to go eat breakfast but my dad locked the keys in car... 
waiting to go outside. fionas was fun last night, but she deleted her twitter!  kanye west is a babe! should be out tonight 
Waiting to go to shangri la, don't want to leave 
Waiting to go to the dentist and wondering when this flippin cold is gonna go!! i feel poorly 
waiting to go to the movies later for my 6th month. booored. 
waiting to go to work  2 hrs to go...
waiting to go tutor  hope the time LAGS FOREVER
Waiting to head to airport? Not enough time to actually go out and do something but enough time to render me utterly bored 
Waiting to hear from Clarion in St.George's. 
Waiting to here what the big news is about the Giant Panda Program at Zoo Atlanta ... don't want to see Mai Lan go 
Waiting to practikum.. 
Waiting to see Bill Callahan... alone 
Waiting to see my P.O aint that sum sh*t like I'm sum kinda thug or murderer.. This is str8 F*ckery 
Waiting to see SHAZZ! i miss her! 
waiting to shoot my student film today-people are late!, dont think we will get it all done 
Waiting to Star Trek. Missing the days when you could talk before the movie starts. Now I'm buffeted by ads. 
Waiting to take the test. Nervous 
Waiting to write an SS exam next block 
waiting until 11.20.09  I WANT TO SEE NEW MOON NOW!
Waiting waiting waiting very difficult for an impatient lass like me...  
Waiting Waiting Waiting, apparently 15 mins till they call!!! 
waiting, about to go out for my bus. finals are today! english and math  oooh welll.
Waiting.. in a very verrry lonng line 
Waiting... impacient... 
waiting...i guess?  
waitng for new moon 
waits for @sebby_peek to text  i miss himmmmm 
waits for airplane to pick him up and take him to WWDC. It is late. 
waits impatiently for facebook/hotmail/net bank to work on my computer 
waitting for news......  babe, where are you.............
Wake boarding at 9am  y is having fun so much work
Wake me up in 30!! I'm so tired. 
Wake up call is 404 for flight 
Wake up feeling like I've just downed a bottle of Jack Daniels, what a terrible nights sleep. 
wake up its a beautiful morning  hammering down with rain
Wake up time! Oh man, my stomach is sore from laughing pretty much all day yesterday! Haha. Going home today  I wanna come back real soon.
Wake up to such a beautiful sunrise..too bad im stuck inside all day   Oh well,Time to be random and whatnot
Wake up twitterworld!  I'm home sick and very bored. 
Wakeboarding and waiting for the crappy weather ............ 
Wakey wakey @edeneavanhanna haha don't know why I'm saying this your probably awake... but I'm bored... there's not much to do at 6am 
Wakey wakey! Time to get up. Going home today...Vegas bound. Had lots of pointless fun with @diannnabee. Sad to leave 
Wakin up and feeling bad. Sick. 
Waking up and going to work. I hate it and would so much rather go to church today. Maybe next Sunday 
Waking up any time before 8 is AWESOME! Right?? Right?? WRONG! 
Waking up at 3am...never a good thing 
Waking up at 5:30 starts tomorrow...alkghsdoiujasdgoih!! 
Waking up at 6 am on a saturday morning is not crackin! 
Waking up at 6.20 in the am tomorrow? Yuuss..  but I love emergence, so it's worth it. Talking to Tyler for a bit, then off to bed.
waking up cold on the floor, is no way to start the day. Not to mention we are out of coffee. 
Waking up early for me on a Saturday morning! YAY! Trees down all around the neighborhood, but MY CAR WAS NOT CRUSHED! Neighbor's is tho 
waking up early is totally not my thing 
Waking up early just gives me more time to stress about this fall..  I wanna go to Hammond 
Waking up early sucks. 
Waking up feeling more tired = 
Waking up for church 
waking up from a nightmare 
Waking up from bad dreams  Wondering who it is was last night that wanted to come chill at the house tonight... hrrmmmm
waking up hangover to go watch demetri play soccer is so not fun ugh 
Waking up here. Feeling tire just over the thought of me having to be @ work 2 hours early for some training  Went to Winco last night bye
waking up in a room that's so hot there's not even a 'cool' side to my pillow sucks Ds in H.  #fb
Waking up in Cardiff, gutted to be miles away from the real action later today in Reading 
Waking up in Manchester for the last time 
Waking up in Sydney Australia is always nice - who agrees.  Not nice to hear the traffic report though 
Waking up in the dark - my body still thinks its night and wants to sleep 
Waking up is NOT what I feel like doing right now. 
waking up on a Saturday morning before 5am sucks... 
Waking up stressed sucks a bit. Kids whining boyfriend complaining  just wanna go back to sleep
waking up sucks ass 
waking up this late is never a good thing 
waking up this morning was unbelievably difficult 
Waking up to ANOTHER rainy summer day 
Waking up to say goodbye is never a happy start 
Waking up to see my baby boy is gone. He left me for dad! I remember before daddy came home it was us kiddo! Sad  http://twitpic.com/6f5k3
Waking up to the soundsb of moving day! Hello hq bye jp 
Waking up to yet another day of revision 
Waking up way to late = bad.  Getting yelled at for it later = worse. 
waking up wit a bad mood.... i still cant forget last night.... makes me wanna cry again... 
waking up with a heinous stomachache is never a good thing 
Waking up with a nasty sinus headache... 
waking up with my coffee....stayed up till 5am on the computer!! Tired 
Waking up with stomach feeling sour again. I'm afraid of eating anything that my pain will return. 
Waking up with tea, cats and a stuffy nose. Tulips are gone  wind and rain distroyed them over the weekend. See you next year friends.
Waking up! Wow! I don't wanna leave  pto rocks &lt;3
waking up, listening to Adam Carolla, doing some entrepreneurial stuff. btw, tweetdeck crash, lost replies.  #buildyourbrand
waking up...  after too much beer...  
Waking up... two hours late. No run today  #fail
waking up--gotta go down town 
Waky waky!! It's a beautiful day, the sun is shining!! Oeps, the're is no sun  But it's still a beautiful day. A daily present of God 
wala na.. nagexpire and naubos na ang wildcoins ng Rosecliff Island.. 
wala pala akong sore throat...strep throat pala  Scary....
walang aircon sa office. ano ba  lost! hehe!
WALC-ers are you ready to cry? its going to be a long day of reminiscing 
Wales Has Not Got Talent Sadly 
walgreens! yay! 
Walk The Line is a shuper sad movie   I'm like teering up right now ;(
Walk to weis, get ready, go see the riot at York galleria. Need tonight. Wish I was still going thursday. Leave it to a friend to ruin it 
walked 24 km in the last 2 days for doee 
walked 5 miles this morning in a blanket of fog. Following the U.S. Open Golf tournment on ESPN. Getting ready to go to work...yuk.  bye
Walked 6km today  owch
Walked about 2 miles, it was fun untill my ipod decides to die  reading breaking dawn now!
walked aimlessly for 2 hrs, hurting feet, potentially worsening the little toe that never felt better. WTF?! Hungry.. RAwrr!!!! 
Walked downtown for a coffee &amp; farmers market only to realize I forgot my wallet  #fb
Walked home yesterday. Going through the ultra-polluted Rotherhithe tunnel was a bad idea   http://yfrog.com/5kqfij
Walked home. Was okay but a bit scary in places. Only twitchy as saw guy covered in blood earlier 
Walked into a pole last night in the city. My shoulder is now very sore 
Walked that damn hill up kingsbridge now I'm starving  ... Gonna have a huge bowl of cereal and watch Sex and The City 
walked the dog now off to work 
Walked to krispy kream and found out they don't have sandwitches, I thought they would 
walked/sprinted around boston common for miles yesterday. my legs are SO SORE today 
Walkin 2 the store gonna hey sOmthin 2 eat then skool 
walkin around avery estates wishing i had a hand to hold 
Walkin to the store to get sum cereal since nobody wanna make me breakfast.    
walkin to work, forgot cv's, i want a real job plzzz! makes me angree, 4hours isnt even worth the stress and tears today will prob entail 
Walking 2 miles every day with husband; feels great to get legs moving...hips don't appreciate the steep hill, though 
walking all over the hot ass lake with frank gave me blisters 
walking around in the same haze... losing time in these strange days 
Walking around like a zombie with a handkerchief which now looks like a rag. Arrrgh.. Feeling so sick n pathetic 
Walking around San Francisco this evening, I saw somebody walking their beagle.  It made me miss mine terribly.  
Walking buddy for the last time  the stay is almost over
Walking despite the heat.  Why was I born in Tennessee?  I hate the sun.  
walking dogs before 7 am 
Walking dookie around the block.. HE HAS TO PEE LIKE EVERY 5 SECONDS!!! ahahah.. At least i have time to think 
Walking down the pathway to work. Hungry! Wish I could have stayed at Megan's for the pancakes 
Walking from Twerton to town with no socks and new insoles definitely not a good idea = lacerated feet  catching bus home!
walking gaz's dof in the rain 
Walking home- alannah and i are sad cause rehearsal was cancelled 
Walking home from school, it has been okay actually its just the whole school routine that I jate. Got a Science GCSE exam tomorrow! 
Walking home from work, i told my boss how hot it was today, she said why didn't you put the fan on? I thought it was a heater... 
Walking home got a bag full of stuff my trumpet and my pe gear 
Walking home I have Allisons keys 
walking home in the pouring rain 
walking home, good wee night, jayde is amazing, even tho i annoyed her  pretty happy tho, shes awesome man (L)!
Walking in the sunny is not good for you 
Walking instead of waiting  4 bus. My right foot has been hurting today when I walk and my back right back/hip  MS sure SUX =P
walking into school  only 10 days left.
Walking Loki in the park and hoping it doesn't rain 
walking my boy is NOT okay #astros  #twins
Walking on the treadmill after attempt at jogging @ the park didn't work out!! 
Walking out the door, its like a million degrees outside 
Walking outside = instant flop swear. Thanks, Florida. Heat index is 110 today 
Walking over to Fenway Park... Rain stay away! Just heard Mike Lowell has the night off 
Walking past the roseland wishing i  could afford to see @anberlin tonight 
walking past the school i went to junior high in as it's being torn down 
Walking pooches....some daft bat is firing a gun, my babies are scared 
Walking the three miles home from school on a day like today? NOT the best idea I've ever had, I have the BIGGEST stupid blister 
Walking to cacth express bus downtown to Metra train to work.  #fml #tcob #musicmonday #cta #worksucks #chicago #lt
Walking to college. It's way too cold to be wearing shorts. 
Walking to my summer job just like Abe Lincoln did. But he died 
Walking to the barber shop to get my little brother's hair cut. 
Walking to the library at 7:55 without @ReneeBreen and @emckay blah 
Walking to the library now...could be swimming 
walking to the mall, i got lost 
Walking to the Sky must be a huge lightning rod. I should've taken some long exposures last night. 
walking to the store in the rain...again   
Walking to underground pub was not such a good idea in long sleeves   Bout to strip in the server room!!!
Walking to work ... 
walking to work i realized my right foot is dramatically smaller than my left 
Walking to work on a gloriously sunny day. Going to be a good weekend in which I will burn as always even with suncream on  #fb
walking up to 86th and lexington-hanging a sharp right- but cabs are lite at 3am   duhhhh-what would you do-what would you do!!!
Walking w jacks n alexis! No salsa lessons today!!! Ahahahhaha 
walking, just walking, and my toe caught on my son's bass cord (which was in the middle of the LR floor, btw) and now my knee is borked. 
Walkn into tha Apple Store kuz my bitch ate my mac plug  grrr puppies lol
Walks with my Grandma are peaceful moments à¥? I'm gonna miss her...She is leaving to go back to India tomorrow 
Walk-texting really does serve as a harsh reminder of how horribly hungover you still are 
wall-e + bedtime 
Wallet that I spotted last week is still not discounted 
wallpaper idea! woohoo! no time... boohoo.  maybe tomorrow...
walmart and get a few things.plus im carless cuz im getting my car wet sanded and buffed.it wont be done till monday... 
Walmart changed their setup n now I can't find the baby lotion! 
Walmart fer 2 hours -.- jst bought a magazine &amp; cheese cheetos, &amp; ice breaker ice tea! ;DD ehhh. Ahhaa science quiz tmrw  taylor lautner&lt;3
walmart for cat food then gym to work off my food 
Walmart opening its first store in Amritsar tomorrow (of all places)...the horror..hoping its limited to wholesale 
Wal-Mart orientation...it's work, but seriously...this sucks 
walmart sux! stupid bitch said there was sandals there but she lied!!!!!!!!! 
Walter Cronkite isn't doing too well  http://bit.ly/VKznK
Walter Gretzky Street Hockey Tourney tomorrow!! Working the over night shift while everyone else has fun at the bar 
Wander where's Lourdz aka Eureka in facebook? Why did she disappear? 
Wandering around the resort for 2 hours now looking for my beloved Lynn 
wandering why i take things so personally. i made a comment to this twilight thing and someone replied saying im full of it. 
wandering wot the fuck i've got myself into 
wank the mr shane jessup 8&quot; dunny has a sdcc exclusive colourway no chance of getting  that then would of gone so sweet with the 3&quot; ones 
wanna be free. 
wanna be outside more than anything! but no one wants to be outside with me 
wanna eat but doesn't wanna get fat 
Wanna eat right now 
wanna eat some ice cream 
wanna get a new phone 
wanna go 2 my dad's house 
Wanna go back on holiday  cant wait to go away again next year! XxX
Wanna go home , and by God I will do so right now ;-) need to relax b'cause I've got a really long day tommorow 
wanna go home, enough working 
wanna go home.. but still can't... 
wanna go KK so bad  please Ma?
Wanna go out &amp;&amp;* party! But can't this weekend 
Wanna go outside but it's nut that sunny after all 
wanna go swimmin... cnt cause burnt rally bad.. 
Wanna go to sleep but allergies are still kickin my butt.... Claritin 24 has failed me 
@thebrassbunny you have a nice vase 
@thebraysmommy At least you have access @ work. I am usually outdoors with kids and no interwebs! 
@thebraysmommy i hve a billion papers all over my desk. and 5 half empty cans of diet dr pepper.  come clean mine too?
@thebraysmommy sorry 
@thebrewmusic I really really really wish I had weekends off at my job so I could come to Harry's Hoe Down and see The Brew and others... 
@TheBrite1 havent had A day like dis in a min..seems like evrything n everyone is bothering me n nothings going my way 
@TheBrite1 OOOHHH I HEAR THAT..IM ON IT BAYYBEEE!!! WAT U DOIN I MISS UR ASS 
@thebrookester :O there's monsters under there! Be careful 
@thebruce0 Well @justwes said lastnight if we had the pennies, I could go, but when I looked up flights, they were upwards of $450 
@TheBudgeBunch poor chelsea.....hopefully you dont' get it!!  
@TheBusyBrain  i didn't know its his last show.
@thebuxt i aint got any credit left 
@thecab aw, deleon. 
@thecab awe.  I'm sorry sweetie.
@thecab i cant go  when u guys come back
@thecab I hope you're ok, Singer 
@thecab Single? Aww  Are you okay?
@thecabodiablo I'm all out of Cabo 
@thecamdynsecret humidity sucks! it messes up my skin coz i have ultra sensitive skin  boohoo - hope u enjoyed those m&amp;ms &amp;&amp; cupcakes 
@TheCamiBelle .... 
@thecancerus when was BCP6 announced??? I absolutely have no idea abt it  damn missed something imp
@thecandystriper technically not uni bound as Im at home. There is tea here! next week Ill be lab wench... sad  Enjoy the hol while u can
@thecapoots oh no...did kitteh cross the rainbow bridge?  *HUGS* sweetie
@thecarchik  LOL...that doesn't sound very good.    I think I'll stick with DTV.  Tks 4 the info!
@TheCardinals Such a sad night for the Cards!! 
@TheCassAttack   ya know that feeling you were talking about last weekend? i was a'feelin' it just a little bit ago.
@thecassattack aw, I'm sorry love. Mine was killing me earlier too.   i command you to feel better!  &lt;3
@thecatempire Only two shows in the US?  Maryland wants you!!
@TheCavalry I'm at work 
@thecerebralceo dang u gettn it in huh? Wat was the drink u made 2 stay awake? Um Im not goin in til later on 2day..Me got a hangova! 
@thecerebralceo Hey Frat! So, the movie of my fav superhero is a bust?  
@TheChadHuck  Hey! Sorry u had to come back to work!  How was Hawaii?
@thechadj I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@TheCharmQuark it did make me feel sad to see swineflu bods with blankets over heads but then I realised how ugly they were.. PR deals 
@thechdster no fun with out the gun 
@theCHEEKsterr yes im following them now but they seem like a competitor  oh well ima be better LOL or maybe we can work together
@thechetan Can yu make 1 for me  i lost alot money dix tym 
@thechico1979 Hey! Thanks for gettin in touch! Hotter is on itunes but no Espanol  My spanish song on itunes is Ilusion. Check it out 
@thechkrato No you're not :O I'm so jealous 
@thechowster boo!! It did not reply 
@thechrisgriffin bff I miss you  
@thechrisjulian awww 
@TheChristinaKim page can not be found. 
@thechungster lmao. damn chung. I was fooled too 
@TheCinera do you know when it goes online? i'll be at work til like 930 so i'm going to miss it. 
@TheCinnamon I can't  I have to work in the morning! Ant there is no cover u just have to have the secret &quot;door code&quot; lol
@thecityforever 
@theclairemarie O'Halloran 
@theclam Happy Birthday, babe! (Sorry is belated  Bad friend here.)
@TheClassicK HAVE LOTS OF FUN....GIVE BIG KISS &amp; HUG TO MY BABY THE_KHLOE....MISSING HER ALREADY..  
@theclimbx3 i also wich EMD would have won   i don't like malena :/
@theclimbx3 I would, but I don't have a scanner. Sorry 
@thecloseup i said i was sorry megan. 
@thecoffeelover You can buy the Ateneo shirts in the LS bookstore! You want me to buy one for you? I miss you so much,Babygirl! 
@TheColonial binary data from a proprietary communication protocol, rather complex. And there are MANY different data structures 
@TheColorAbi please don't take it the wrong way. 
@TheColorAbi That sounds shitty too. 
@TheComputerNerd 
@TheComputerNerd  seriously?!?!?!?! i loved his long hair 
@TheComputerNerd I hate this thunderstorm.... I went to bed early before the storm came, my windows were open... All my clothes got wet  
@TheComputerNerd wow ur so lucky! i have school until wednesday! 
@TheConeZone Wife n' I are driving to Burbank tonight to see you on Monday, but just found out tix are sold in advance!! What can we do!? 
@TheConeZone: feels a little bit like abandonment now that he's all the way in Cali  lol
@theconnectedone umm so i'm green to twitter and didn't even see you responded until now!! how annoying...  is this still available?
@theconsumerlab Animals have suffocated when putting heads inside that inverted Yoplait cup. Easier to put warning than redesign 
@thecookiegirl that would be the perfect snack to go with my movie....but wait...I don't have any! Ha Ha.....bummed 
@Thecookieninja if mom gets paid... 
@thecoolestout Ehhh don't. Weather's gonna take a turn for the ugly tomorrow 
Worst day to buy a freaking ipod ever 
Worst dream ever, and not my usual nightmare either. The worst part is its probably gonna come true 
worst feeling ever   this succcckkksss.
Worst game ever..fail cancuks 
worst headache  lying in bed all day and being lazy
Worst headache ever! 
worst headache in a long time. 
worst headache right now 
worst headache today  makes me nauzzzz
Worst Invention of the day... Spider Missles  
Worst lunch ever.    needs to be longer cuz i had NO time for myself.
Worst migraine ever 
Worst night ever... got Dissed n talked shit to 
Worst night of my life won't end... I can't sleep 
worst night sleep ever  supprised I didn't sleepwalk, usually do when it's hot.
Worst nightmare...I think my ear's infected now . And I thought I did such a good job 
worst night's sleep.  i hope i'm on my game for work today. right now i'm just grumpy. not a great way to start the day.
worst part about cle/orl series being over is no more nba on tnt this year 
worst part about this breakup: not being able to talk to someone who has been my friend for over 3 years  I have a funny story, dammit!
Worst part is... I LOVE to write, if I'm not TRYING I'll be able to think but my creativity is in an enclosed bubble right now 
Worst part of concerts? Trying to get out the parking lot afterwards. Show ended half hour ago and I'm still in line to get out. 
worst part: get home tired and take off the make up 
worst pasta ever. never said that before, which is really depressing. couldn't finish it. never said that before either. now I feel sick 
Worst road in Chennai is Spur Tank Road...... 
Worst sleep ever. I'm so worried about my sick kitty cat 
worst stomach ache ever 
Worst thing about being sick? The body aches... 
Worst thing about being woken at 430am is falling asleep at 6am then waking up late. 
Worst thing about big cities is that you can't see the stars  Refinnyj &lt;&gt; Mat1234
Worst thing that could happen is orientation + classes. Which means... 7:30 to 1:30. And NO BREAKS?! Please, Lord, don't make it happen 
worst toothache ever 
Worst trip back from san diego ever.. Tried to make sales and ended up having to pay towing: ~$700  this whole week in socal sucked...
worst tummmmy acheeee  i eat too much.
Worst way to start the weekend - sick with lots of hmwk 
Worst way to wake up in the morning. Sick to my stomach. 
Worst Week  is cancelled?!?!?!  http://bit.ly/4kbdIz
wanna go to take a bath , but &quot;dadnapped&quot; is playing right now  what can i do ? tralala ~
Wanna go tomorrow  Instead I shall work and then head home. Fun...
Wanna go watch takin of pelham 123 
wanna have a puppy 
wanna have sushi..&lt;3 but its to late now 
wanna have Who You Callin' Money Grubbin by The Beach Girlz 
Wanna know how I'm spending the rest of my night? Going through the Nursing Entrance Test review book. The test is on Sunday 
Wanna know why I miss Roi being on that stage?.. Cuz no one can do this like he could..  http://tinysong.com/4rux
wanna lose down 4 kgs but i cant or to say it's impossible for me to weigh under 44 kg 
Wanna play Sims3 but my mom is playing 
wanna see Angels &amp; Demons...but with whom??? not getting anyone 
Wanna see m again! Gota wait now, all over again! 
wanna see Metro Station at Oslo...! hate that I can go 
Wanna see 'New Moon' now...have to wait 'til November...such a long time 
wanna see the hannah montana movie!! and missed the last prison break episode 
wanna see the MTV awards now!! have to wait untill tomorrow 
Wanna see UP 
Wanna send my friend to airport, shes going back to her country for holiday...we might not see each other anymore 
Wanna sleep but reaching work 
Wanna surprise Carla but!! I don't know  I'm scared. Natalie needs to surprise visit me soon, teehee.
Wanna watch #pixar 's #UP . The film releases in DECEMBER in Japan  Over half a year later? Not speed of 21st century.
wanna watch gossip girl!! 
Wanna write a post for my blog, but I have no idea 
want 2 go play n the Streetz some more - but fell asleep on the couch - LeGz can't move  ...
Want 2 transfer my Naini trip pictures 2my comp so I can upload thm on web bt i dnt hv my USB  Snt few via multimedia @ 5 Rs/pic. Expnsiv!
Trying really hard to stay upbeat &amp; positive, but feeling really down tonight. Am exhausted after DS's party &amp; struggling with DH's mood 
Trying Resco MobileForms Toolkit and sample. Trial messages ruin everything, the sample has bugs, it's running slow. Poor 1st impression. 
Trying so hard 
Trying the latest version Seesmic Desktop; but you still can't resize columns 
Trying this hair thing. If it doesnt work... well fail. 
trying this out...bored and don't want to go to work tommorrow 
Trying to &quot;take it easy&quot; as i was instructed to do...Not happenin. This i did beyond too much physical work today 
Trying to adapt to my &quot;real&quot; life again. 
trying to add a picture but they are all to big 
Trying to adjust with not having my little girl around 
Trying to amuse my cousin. It's not working! and he's playing Halo w/o me 
Trying to avoid #Lost spoilers and still use Twitter is like trying to avoid raindrops in a hurricane. Pointless.  I'm 3 eps behind.
trying to avoid twitter jail is like taking candy from a kid, not nice 
trying to be an adult is very difficult when u can't find a job 
Trying to be less unwell... 
Trying to be okay. All I want to do is sleep tho. Goin crazy in my head missing her. Need to find a second job to fill the time 
trying to be patient with disabled girl next to me. Difficult when she's just pulled a chunk of hair out. 
trying to book my flight to go visit Trudy....I miss her 
Trying to break my new shoes in, and my feet are bleeding... 
Trying to catch a tan, weather's right but people keep ringing the landline 
Trying to catch up on sleep but the friggin' support phone keeps ringing! 
trying to catch up two works at the same time...wish its JULY!!! thinking of whats going on in IRAN now 
Trying to catch up with things on Facebook and sad that one of my good friends dropped her account there and here on twitter.  
Trying to change my background pic, but it's not working 
trying to change my picture to one from last night... its not working. 
Trying to change my username and its not werking 
trying to change my wordpress's layout 
trying to charge my ipod but its not working  x
Worst. Headache. Ever. Eating McD frenchfries. Why does my head hurt so much 
worst. headache. ever. i want to go swing. 
worst... case... of... hiccups... ever... damn carrots! 
wot bout poor hatton this mornin!!! dear oh dear 
WOT i've loast another follower  lol
wotnews is STILL BROKEN  - email alerts are being sent out - but can't access articles 
Would any of my SF friends like to join me for the Coldplay concert next month?? My original date doesn't think she can go 
Would anybody out there in Twitter hood like to accompany me to a movie tonight. I'm tryna see &quot;UP&quot;. If not I'll be forced to go to LAX. 
would anybody talk to me, pweeease? 
Would appear not  note to self...change perfume!  What to do now..Hmm do I get the tarot cards out or not??
would be basking in the sunshine... but its hiding 
would be more in love with her iPod touch if it just had a camera, sod the iPhone, I just need that image capturing device 
Would be nice to have tethering for the iPhone right about now. Sounds like optus is going to be greedy and charge for it 
would be perfect if it weren't for the fact that im about to fail a science exam. hahahha. pray for me. 
would be well rested if not for the random thunder last night 
would believe that no where in bantry sells glow sticks !!!! how depressing 
would do anything to understand mechanics right now 
Would give anything for my car to be six inches shorter so the Meter Maids won't ticket me.   Gah, parking in the city is such a bitch.
Would give my right arm for some cookies and cream ice cream or a piece of cheesecake, both of which I can't have on my diet 
would have been delighted by this snow a few days ago but.. i just sent my winter coat, hat, gloves, uggs, etc. home with the parents  #fb
Would have been happy to see Transformers, but IT'S NOT OUT YET! June 24 for us.  My giant transforming robot joy will have to wait.
would have finised her music tech coursework today but someone didnt bother to mention that my teacher wouldnt be at school, shes mean 
would have liked to have gone to #tastelondon tomorrow, but it's sold out 
would have loved to go to mohegan yest and comcast tonight 
would have to watch the replay of the epic Celtics-Bulls Game 7. I won't be around to watch it in the morning. 
want a new-in-box dreamcast.. 
want a puppy? does anyone know anyone who would like to adopt a trained lab? bff is moving and can't find a place that allows 2 dogs 
Want a starbucks frapp 
WANT COOKIE STAKCHOUSE 
Want food. Can't eat. Foots asleep. Bored studying. Done with school. Fml.  gonna take another break urgh
want go out somewhere 
Want Hanna Pakarinen's CD but can't get it anywhere! If you do want it it's stupidly expensive because it's imported from Finland 
want his love back 
want more sleep  bloody exam day. only one more to go after today tho. then NEVER AGAIN
Want my bed. So tired. Nigh night. Tomorrow'll be and hard-study day. 
want my car back 
Want my headache to go away. 
want my twitpic back 
Want nap. Need nap. Can't have nap. No time for nap. Sad napless Drew. 
Want Palm Pre  but can't  get        x2 waaaaa
want rob to twitter me 
Want some warburtons 
Want something fun to do  !!!
want something more than job but can't fig out what?? 
Want sun .... 
want these pics as references  want to do a pretty painting with dragonflies! why are you making this difficult
want to be @ home chillin in bed/watching movies with @shewww   but noo instead of work sending me home they feed me algae vitamins FML!
want to be a pinup girl...my boobies are to small 
Want to be back at the beach 
Want to be home playing with iPhone 3.0 
want to be out in the sun but i have to get ready for prom! sad if @_Alicee is not going 
Want to boot into osx and delve into #iPhone dev, but itchy eyes are making it hard to look at any screen. That means no #myst either 
Want to build more burning things now rather than be at work 
want to change my background but twitter won't let me 
Want to check the status of my Apple order, but the site refuses to cooperate 
want to disappear, stop caring and end this internet addiction. 
Want to do something, but I don't remember what it is. 
want to do such nice things with my room, want new desk, new chair, new bed...  oh well, first I need to clean it
want to eat so bad for lunch, but my gum hurts so bad 
Want to eat.. craving for famous amos 
Want to exercise but surgeon says i'll rip the stitches 
Want to finish bio and health earlyyyy 'cause I got banquets and stuff to do after school this week. 
would have won third in a golf tournament  
Would it be bad to call out of work?  Especially seeing as I am out Wednesday &amp; possibly the rest of the week because of dental surgery.  
would like a hug and a kiss from Eric. Long distances really really stink 
Would like a little reply from one of my followers 
would like it if The Getaway Plan decided to tell everyone their breakup was just a joke 
would like it to be better 
would like my jacket back tonight  i miss it.
would like sims3 more if her computer wasn't SO HORRIBLY SLOOOW!!!   
Would like some Nutella. None to be had 
would like the world to stop talking about IPL already. I'm depressed. Thanks to DVD mixup, no Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. 
would like to be famous 
Would like to burn a copy of #Wolvix 2.0.0b1 Cub to CD and take it for a spin, but Xubuntu is not seeing my external burner. 
would like to go back to bed. horrible headache pounding behind my eyes and all over my skull 
Would like to go fishing tonight, but it's so boring alone 
would like to know when my joints are going to stop hurting.  I've been up and moving for 5 hours and I'm still walking like my grandma! 
would like to know why Coldplaying is so dead tonight. 
Would like to know why the Internet is failing today  #fb
would like to meet Alan Carr!!!   Becky I love you. xxxx
would like to no why the weather is so shocking! sunday: rain / Mon: rain / Tue: rain / wed: rain!     
Would like to not be so poor for a while. important things are expensive 
would like to see her boyufriend now and not have to go to her exam tomorrow 
would like to stay up and watch mamma mia but going to bed as @stevereynolds is up at 6am for grand prix no lay in for me 
want to finish that baby hat but my hands hurt. 
want to get camera like this  http://bit.ly/F8Vxb but would even settle for this  http://bit.ly/15dcL3 but I can't even afford that one 
Want to get down to some artwork today but have visitors at lunchtime so my day is already messed up 
want to get out of this place...dont know what is pulling me back... i wonder... 
Want to go and enjoy the remainder of sunshine but doing at least 4 people's jobs today due to vacation. Pretty much last in the office 
Want to go and sit in the park but am dying of hayfever today. Need docs appt to get the real drugs back 
Want to go back to #zaxbys despite the incredibly bad service I got last time 
want to go back to bed 
want to go home to the burgh 
Want to go home, but have to wait for everyone to be ready. Ugh. I'm gonna miss the hills 
want to go home, but i can't,, 
Want to go home....sun is shining  But I have to work  Lovely kisses to my girlz Kyra &amp; Alex 
Want to go on a space-trip, away from this maddening chaos that the Earth has become  !!!
want to go out, but got to make blooming maps and write about them 
Want to go play in the rain but i've only just washed my hair  boooooooo
Want to go swimming 
want to go thrifting. watching sense &amp; sensibility and will probs take a nap. need to get perscription filled. hate not having a car 
Want to go to Baguio tomorrow but have a week full of appointments.  http://plurk.com/p/uc1ps
Want to go to bed, but its to hot. I cant sleep without air conditioning and a fan in my face. This sucks 
Want to go to California NOW! ;) / 
want to go to Macau 
want to go to school tomorrow. i know , its a first. ;p but i really dont feel well. 
want to go to SemTech. But no money. bah 
Want to go to target! Don't want to drive 90min to get there 
want to go to the park again, everyone's working! 
Want to join gym but has no money, wants Aaron to be here so I can look after him but he's 6 hours away  
Want to listen to The Point 
want to make more jewellery but not sure where to begin today! 
want to make the most of the sun today! but have lots of revision to do 
Want to meet JLS! grr  (L) &lt;3 xxx
Want to play Crackddown, but I'm too tired...  
Would like to thank @nickbayside, @anthonyraneri, Jack and Chris for 1 of my favourite Bayside shows ever! The last 2 days went too quick 
Would like to thank a smoked salmon bagel and a can of red bull for keeping me alive this morning. Today is going to be a very long day. 
Would like to thank my dream hero and my mobile for saving me last night. It got scary for a while 
would like to thank the gobshites upstairs for finally going to sleep!!! most annoying night here ever!!!! 
would like to use GitHub to host his personal projects but refuses to pay with a credit card. Waiting for UK debit card or PayPal support 
would like winter to be how it used to be, with lots and lots of rain. I'm bored of this 'winter'. Global warming FTL 
would like work to stop sucking for the rest of the week please. 
Would Love 2 see Trey Live but only have a BlackBerry&amp; a Pearl@ that, they  dont do iphone stuff 
Would love to drop in to #flashcamp_uk birmingham for Flash Builder 4 Catalyst stuff.. But work commitments in Notts sat NO WAY SUCKAH! 
would love to fall asleep with him &lt;3 right knw 
would love to go outside but stuck doing homework  cant wait for tomorrow night!
would love to go see @katyperry again, in glasgow in august.. but its the day i come back from portugal so it's not happening 
Would love to go see Away We Go, but i can't find a place it's playing around here!  sadness 
Would love to go to L.A film school in 2011.. they sent me the most awesome brochure. But I need a scholarship to be able to afford it 
Would love to have all her children around her - but honestly - I dont think it will ever happen. Life is what you make of it I guess  
would love to have more energy! Dreary rainy days don't help 
would love to see Andy Samberg host and Kings Of Leon perform though 
would love to stay home today. 
Would love to use #RubyMine, but for a startup the price for a license is too high. Just missed the beta discount... 
Would midweek be an option? Otherwise Dan says first gathering will be going over this stuff. What's the conflict for Sat? 
would much rather b organic, but those grasshoppers r as a plague - &amp; they aren't even hungry yet hard choice, dust r lose it  afik 
Would of been better if the band could make it to the summits  but they must be busy!
Would of really really of loved to have gone for a run today! But my ankle is bung as  Alas...
would people be gutted if i didnt get a bouncy castle? 
want to play in the sun 
Want to rec my mixes but can't figure it out for some reason - having a really dumb day  Bah!
want to see britney at o2 this but cant didnt get tickets   she is my role model http://www.bebo.com/xxBritneyJeanSpearsx
want to see britney this summer but didnt get tickets   she is my role model  http://www.bebo.com/xxBritneyJeanSpearsx
Want to see cin' before august 7th.  hope to see her in the end of june... ?
Want to see NFG again! 
Want to see transformers! So so so bad! And want to see him so so so bad! Ugh this day is going by so slow! 
want to skype with my nephew but my sister isn't around and he isn't old enough to do it on his own 
Want to sleep but an upsdt stomach is getting the better of me. 
Want to sleep. Foot hurts  ice isn't helping. Stinging foot does not make for a nice comfy relaxing sleep. This is so fricken annoying.
want to STOP playing with my hair but I don't know how 
Want to update iPhone but fear difficulties like I have had in the past. 
want to watch ... but can't! 
want to watch again Drag me to Hell  and listen to the Christopher Young's Music !
Want to watch Big Bang Theory, but I have seen it all. 
Want to watch Kiki's Delivery Service!!  Damn revision. Like I care about the quantifying benefits of location management schemes.
Want to watch the cricket 
Want very bad to be able to go to  a McFly Concert 
Would quite like to be in my wedding dress, shame I can't wear it for another month and a half 
would rather be in a pub in the sun. 
would rather be romping around with wllm 
would rather be watching deborah 13: servant of god than watching physics podcasts 
would rather stay at home and do the washing than go to work 
would rather the first party send bad messages than the 3rd party send mixed ones  Sophmore year all over again?
would really like a Galaxy Caramel right now.....must resist temptation as I have a killer run planned for this eve 
Would really like some alcohol right now! 
would really like to be asleep. my leg feels like it is being chopped off :| i think i might cry of tiredness tomorrow.  owww.
would really love to know why there is never anything decent on the tv anymore 
would some one plese suggest me a great thriller movie 
Would someone be kind enough to employ me please? I'm poor and starving. 
would someone care to explain what konran wallenrod is about...because wikipedia sucks 
Would someone send me the Mr Twitter Universe link...my computer crashed last night. 
Would take @urbantaco over Rockfish any day, but free wi-fi is the deciding factor when Mac is with me 
would tweet more if my uber snazzy phone hadnt got stolen and i now have this crappy one  in other news, glasto in 2 days! 
would very much like to be outside but instead im inside doing smelling college work 
Would very much prefer to be back in Crete. Back to work tomorrow 
Would you come back with an ex-love? Please, everyone Re-Twit me!  I need your help 
Would you rather be heathly &amp; broke OR sick &amp; financially healthy?  I'll take healthy and broke any day. Hate being sick! 
Would you rather...i love this game! Heheh. Rain has stopped now 
Wouldn't you know it - dedicated back-up drive has bitten the dust. Thought a LaCie would last longer... 
Want: To play Sacred 2... Reality: Spend all day at the hosp... 
Wanted 2 go see passion pit  I didn't get 2 go... it was sold out... oh well
Wanted a midnight stroll but after the catch of fish no one was up for it and I wasn't allowed to go alone 
Wanted Dolly to win  #tonys
Wanted Kate to win the Aprentice 
Wanted Lebron to win...  ok I'm leaving for work now! Good night everyone.
wanted red wine only got white in, don't like white, have a glass of white, struggling to drink it, all I wanted was a nice glass of wine 
Wanted Seith Rogan and James Franco to win best fight  Rob Pattinson looks good thought.
Wanted to back to BarCamp today, but just hot out of my &quot;lunch&quot; meeting. 
Wanted to bake strawberry muffins, but oven was dirty. So now I need to sit at home for the next three hours while it cleans. 
wanted to be in adams morgan tonight  I already know that whole strip was jumpin
Wanted to buy those at 29p but they say I'm too far away from UK 
Wanted to buy tickets for lowlands just now, but they're sold out since yesterday... And I was so much looking forward to it 
wanted to curl up in bed and watch 'the tudors' but the disc seems to be scratched and won't play! 
wanted to do some many things 
wanted to eat and eat. Can anyone just bring me out? 
wanted to eat brunch with my pops but the company @ my house is still sleep;iM So disappointed that im not doin my summerworkout plan 
Wanted to get a pool for the boys...everyone was sold out 
wanted to get her new phone today but couldnt  bad times
Wanted to get to 68 this weekend but it's not going to happen 
Wanted to go bowlin tonight, nobody is around 
wanted to go eaton centre, but  dont hve the mood anymore
wanted to go gym today but sadly its too late and its shut 
wanted to go hear led kaapana tonight (best ki hoalu player ever) but BCD friday and zenshu saturday means i gotta watch my spending.  
Wanted to go home after the conference but pretty sur have go back office 
Wanted to go out but looks like im not. Im gonna drink alone tonight. 
Wanted to go see @Eminem and Jay Z tonight after hearing about it from @Tyrese4ReaL No passes this time 
Wanted to go see transformers 2 tonight but it's selling out everywhere! 
wanted to go to Keenan's graduation 
Wanted to go to the beach today but it's so cloudy and rainy here. 
wanted to go to the blood bank but apparently has to few red blood cells  now i have to eat (more) meat ... kinda sucks
Wanted to go to the driving range tonight, but it's raining 
Wanted to have finished this wee app in 12 hours. Twitter was down for 2-3 of those, and wasted an hour chasing a nonexistent OAuth bug 
Wanted to like 'The Proposal' more than I did. Many entertaining bits, and I laughed a lot, but not much better than C+ or B- overall. 
Wouldve had a show today but i fucked up on blogtv  dont worry folks ill be back live soon
Woulnd'tcha know? I have to work the day of the Astros Stitch n Pitch game. It's too dang hot anyway... 
Wound up staying up for tonight's X-Files eppy on Sci-Fi.  Season 9, Jump the Shark--so sad.  I loved the Lone Gunmen   Night all!
wound up that people mess with my plans all the time. you know what they are so stick to them  grr
WOW   Jeffersonville City Council Attorney Larry Wilder was found by a neighbor who called 911 Wednesday morning.
wow  An Air France plane carrying at least 228 people from Brazil to France has gone missing over the Atlantic.
WOW  Jeffersonville City Council Attorney Larry Wilder was found  in the TRASH CAN by a neighbor who called 911 Wednesday morning
Wow - last.fm is down. Just when I'm trying to stalk people. 
Wow - what a finish to the Eastern Conference Finals. Who'd a thunk the Cavs would choke like that? So disappointing 
Wow  wonders wat he did to piss woo off
wow !  So  get timed to be on the computer  What kind of shit is that !
Wow #optus way to go delivering me a voicemail message 30 days late.  FFS. Upset at a missed opportunity 
wow ( LOL kiki moment) those real house wives spend money like crazy !! I felt sad for Lindsay 
Wow , 4 lambos in a row . Baby , i'm having a bad flu  - http://tweet.sg
Wow .. last night was a bust for me 
Wow ... It would been 10 mouths today ... 
wow @THEREALJMAC aint tell me night... n he the only jmac i follow *smh* good lookin out fam  lol
Wow @twitter being the cover 2 @TIME magazine.If dad were alive he wud b amazed @ the emergence of technology &amp; how its evolved.RIP daddy 
wanted to make chocolate covered bananas, but had to settle for a banana split instead. 
Wanted to run, but creepy guy has been out there all night tonight  Guess I get tonight off.
Wanted to see DMC @ Cornerstone Calif. but was not able to make it    Was stoked when we heard about &amp; attended the Carlsbad show!!!
Wanted to start clinical paeds in the evening ! I waste somuch time over phone and music 
wanted to Sunbathe but the Sun went in  x
Wanted to try and sew one more bag before bed, but am too sleepy. Sleepy sewing results in upside-down pannels n such which are no good  
Wanted to use @snitter but realized that it's broken under AIR 1.1  #fail #snitter
wanted to wash his clothes and bed sheet but the outdoor rack is full... 
wanted to watch a movie but my hubby ditched me...ASS! 
wanted to watch transformers today.bt bb didnt want to catch de midnight session 
Wanted: Someone to snuggle with! See how lonely that side of my bed looks.  Lol! (I love being cheesy and lame!) &lt;3 http://mypict.me/2Xda
Wanting a new phone 
wanting julian to come home right now. 
wanting my coffee that is on the other side of the room.... trying to use mind powers to make it come to me.... it's not working 
wanting my laptop so bad , it's it's only been like a couple of hours withouth it 
Wanting on Yolanda and Madison to call to confirm Practice. Texts and calls, after calls and texts. 
wanting some sunshine so we can lay in the pool 
wanting someone to cuddle with... I left cooper (aka my longhorn boyfran) back in atx.  sweet dreams my loves.
wanting the laundry to finish washing so I can go to bed!  A girl needs her rest for the party tomorrow!!! 
wanting this rain to stop 
wanting to back to the beach...missing california... 
Wanting to be back in inverloch........................... missing someone 
Wanting to be home in Texas to see my family and friends..  I need school to be over now!
Wanting to be more productive on my Saturday off, but it's too wet for yard work today. 
WANTING TO BE WITH HIS GIRLFRIEND TOGETHER AGAIN! 
Wanting to be with my man but can't 
Wanting to buy a new betsey necklace on fri pay day. My other fav necklace broke 
Wanting to do something because my bestie isn't coming home this weekend  I am crushed. I'm still pissed @ at&amp;t for my phone not working!
Wanting to get out in the garden and the sunshine, I wish it wasn't so windy out there though 
wanting to go back to orlando 
Wanting to go out... apparently no ones available! 
wanting to go to craven but its sold out 
wanting to go to cultive. but it is to late 
wanting to go to movies but no money 
wanting to go to the city but its raining  gotta do homework 2
Wanting to go with Brian  but going to get Timmy Ian Hunter Stickneyy instead. bss &lt;3
Wanting to just be lazy... But I don't think that would blow over well with Mom. Also, It's looking like a no-go for lunch. 
wanting to just hang out with my girl... But she is ignoring me... 
Wanting to mix pixie stix and mountain dew..but I don't have any... 
wanting to relive the best thing ever in seattle today but can't  oh well. yesterday was good enough for me  &lt;3 relient k
wanting to see the dinosaurs at the TU Center. No time, though 
Wanting to sleep after a long day working 
wanting to sleep byt can't 
Wanting to spend time with friend but obviously they dont have the time!!! 
wanting to start a running program tomorrow but looks like it's going to storm 
wanting to stretch this weekend a little long dont feel like i rested at all 
Wanting twitter to work on my phone again. Grr 
wants  Andy or Shaun or Bradie to give her a ring... 
wants @CRAZiixLOVEE to get on ym/msn 
Wants @TomFelton to reply to me! 
wants @xstevencorex, @friescorgan and jessika to smileeee again (: i dont like them sadd  iloveyous! all yous &lt;3
wants 2 be in cork now 
wants 2 know when she can have her 2 week break to do whatever, whenever and has to answer to no one!!!&amp; can sleep! must be flippen nice 
wants 2 record myself singing but its 2 late  my mama sleep and i dont wanna wake her up... 
wants a BBQ 
wants a chihuahua but can't have one 
wants a fire with toasted marshmellows. 
wants a fremantle scarf  for 
Wants a graduation!!!! 
wants a iPhone 3GS, but only got his 3G 2 months ago  
wants a leather jacket so badly  an wants to go blow all her money on clothes  even just two hundred would be good 
wants a lighting tattoo.  BUT! I'm scared that when I get 60 or so, it's gon' sag. ) EWW!
Wants a motorcycle.... really bad 
wants a mustard colour trenchcoat! Ques is, where to find? 
wow 15 min with no one tweeting. I am the only one boring and at home. 
Wow 3 tables in 3 hours  shoot me
Wow 4 slices of stuffed crust pizza, wings and now chocolate slice things from Pizza Hut ugh Sopranooo I can't breathe n ima shit myself 
wow 4:37 in the morning daddy just left for mephis, crying again.  hope u have a good night with having ur daddy there. lucky! love bRIT!!
Wow 6 cars crashed that was crazy  [Bree.Dee]
Wow a lot of stores in ktown are closed today. Boo must kill time...oh &amp; i got a txt saying my txt to p's landline went through  FO SHAME!
wow am hungry 
wOw an hour without twitter    hahaha like i tweet much...but i do like to read what others tweet haha ;- )
Wow Another cloudy, rainy, slightly cold day. Luckily for us, we've got plenty of wood bricks for the stove! And alas, Felix's funnel on 
wow another follower. if only it were this easy to get folowers for religous cults 
wow another freaky ass dream 
wow are there any videos on utube apart from new iPhone 
Wow breakthrough disney star more like it. 
wow Call of Duty: World At War was very short O_O can you believe 60 million people died in WWII?  SIXTY MILLION.  
Wow can't believe Hatton got KO'd &amp; only in the 2nd round!! 
wow chelsea, your obsessed...just got back from the car wash..i feel so bad for what happend 
Wow crazy we have not eat dinner yet and where is chris 
Wow did I reallllly go see transformers on a work night?! Now I'm tired as hell n the frickin movie BLEW big fat elephant BALLS  CoffEE 
Wow did not no i am that insecure that i needed attention ALL of the time?!?! Bad revalation 
Wow didn't mow the lawn cuz I thought the mower was broke mom comes home the mower isn't broken I get in trouble for not mowing the lawn 
Wow didn't think I'd have to go to workk tonight 
Wow do I hate finding jeans that fit correctly. If only I was skinner 
wants a new car..... badly. 
wants a new job! E-mailed Heart/Star and check BBC no jobs  so moved on to second choice and got interview with Police
Wants a new phone 
wants a nice dinner. im starving!! 
wants a night out with friends to party 
wants a raspado with fruta 
wants a redo on mother's day  The flu was NOT on my wishlist
wants a reply from @tommcfly ! 
wants a response from all of you!!! (tears)  (unsure) (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/vgj5a
Wants a robo.to invitation.  Desperately.  
wants a slurpee. but dunt have no money  pooooooo. anywho HOW IS EVERYONE?!
Wants a unibody 17inch MacBook Pro, but can't really justify it considering my current one is no slouch 
wants all this drama to just be over.  why can't it all just be done with?  ughh.. 
Wants an album of The Plastiscines. 
Wants an iphone 
wants an N97 
wants an SA account, no credit card 
wants and needs some sleep, but instead sitting in pain in type class!! 
wants another drink. but is not allowed. fail 
wants another party, but would have nothing to wear  xxxxx
wants another pug  xx
Wants another strawberry dacquiri but no refills tho 
wants austin here with me already 
Wants baby orajel 
wants BBQ 
Wants casey &amp; cappie to be together 
wants chocolate 
wants chocolate. 
Wants coffee with @missmria in the morning but instead isn't going to school. Sorry! 
wants company!!!!   (cozy) http://plurk.com/p/115osq
wants cookie dough 
wants coolwhip 
wants cuddles 
wants Dairy Queen Oreo Ice Cream large size soooooooo bad  http://plurk.com/p/1106wz
wants Danger Radio's new album.  http://plurk.com/p/y27v0
wants demi lovato to be the opening act for jo bros world tour- 20th nov 
wants DQ 
Wants everyone in her form to go on twitter but they are being sad x !! 
Wants Everyone To Be Okay; 
wants firewood.  NOW NOW NOW NOW i'm freezing  
wants go Ibeefa 
wants Hair muskkkk , rambut rontok bgt  http://plurk.com/p/z10xe
wants her boo  btw love fhnixon's posts hilarious!!!!
wants her boyfriend 
Wow do I have a bad head cold...didn't even make it to the barn this weekend...looks nice out   #myfoxny
Wow do i have bed hair, i look like a rooster. I also have a splitting headache!  Did i snore 2 loud?! Blueberry muffin &amp; then excedrin.
Wow dodged another bullet. Pop up thunder storms hammered the surrounding area. About 8 miles from here they said a twister touched down! 
wow does Monday morning come way to fast when your enjoying the weekend 
wow don't take life for granted ppl... pls think twice b4 takin drastic measures 
wow drake and melissa are over  hey thats life somethings just dont work out the way u want them to,but i cant help but be a little happy
wow earthquake in ca? hope everyone is okay!!! spanish exam today 
Wow every 1 is gonna b skinny but not fatty sambo  !! Grrrrrrr
wow everybody goes up and i go deep down till the very bottom and nothing but someone can get up !!! 
wow expedia.com is kind of broken, can't book my trip.  Never had this problem with travelocity.  too bad its cheaper on expedia 
Wow extremly sick! 
wow family guy has gone downhill. 
Wow feel surprisingly ok. Except my throat is killing me 
Wow fighting really really let me down. Major fail  everyone fell asleep!
Wow fights, really?! Cmon! 
Wow finals are going to be killer. I'm not looking forward to it. 
Wow first 3 kids all sick now me. What a vacation. At least were sick together and we will all get better together. 
Wow french is boring  CANT WAIT TO SEE @Jonasbrothers again!
Wow frustrated and im coming down with a cold 
Wow ghost of girlfriends past did noothing for me!!! 
wow gooo diversity... but all of the other acts were amazing too! right bed time now!!! n revision tomorrow!  xx
wow got a price quote on a kit and its gonna be almost 3k for it inlcuding shipping :S thats too much for a kit 
Wow had a great weekend! I'm sooooooo tired now!! Time to go nite nite 
Wow had a horrible dream that I was in the middle of a set at a major club &amp; I'd forgotten how 2 mix.....What a nightmare 
Wants her camera back! 
wants her car back 
wants her dog back 
wants her dress to arrive before the wedding 
wants her friend back 
wants her hug 
wants her laptop back  poor thing all lonely being repaired in the apple store 
Wants her legs to realize that they are supposed to walk. Yet another wheelchair day. 
wants her lip peirced again, or maybe a monroe...UGH, depressed  and a fat ass
wants her old buddies back 
wants her step brother home  im so worried, you dont even know. i hope he knows how much i care for him...
wants her tongue pierce since last year but is scared of the pain....  http://plurk.com/p/z00nj
wants him so much it's not funny!! 
Wants his chihuahua already so he can stay in at night, watch movies, &amp; cuddle with him!  I wanna give him some puppy kisses already.  
wants his hair back! 
wants his little girl to stop being sick and go to sleep 
wants his parents to make a cuppa tea but they wont 
wants ice creammmm! 
Wants it to be 2 weeks ago. Brit and beyonce. Goddam broken time machine!!! 
Wants it to be Friday 
wants it to be friday night ! 
wants it to be summer for ever. 
wants it to be sunny!! 
wants it to STOP RAINING...i dont do walking in the rain....wheres the sun gone 
Wants jimmy johns.... 
Wants kisses! 
Wants less of the Sun... too Hot &amp; Humid for outdoor stuff 
wants loads of followers 
Wants long hair 
wants lost to never end....  but it does 
wants mango ice cream but doesnt get it because its cold 
wants Matt back 
wants more choco banana peanut shakes from Jonas. 
wants more friends from germany 
wants more people to join!!!!!!!!! i only have 1 follower 
wants more sun 
wants my baby to text or call me  ugh he sleeps too much .. but i go to chicago tomorrow !!! yes !
Wants my bloudy exams to be over!! 
wants my bunny bear 
wants my car back from the mechanics 
wants my past-face  http://plurk.com/p/111hzd
wants my T here, watch some movie at my living room, eat whatever, and snuggle  I miss you...
wants new clothes already... 
wants new ink really bad.  
wants New Moon.  AHH Im going crazy.
Wants NOFX/Bad Religion tickets. No hope in getting any though. 
wow has the day started shitty! Behind at work, manager a no show, tired, and got some sad news 
WOW having an iPhone is like my goal in life! But i'll never be able to afford  Gotta get a job 1st. It probably helps out in the long run
wow how borin @ work ex..   think id rather be at skool.. 
Wow i am actually really pissed the fuck off. This always fucking happens. Brought up then slammed down. 
Wow i am NEVER using that arthritis medication shot thing again...my leg hurts sooo bad 
Wow I am seriously stupid!!! I would rather be anywhere else but here! Ugh   
Wow I am so tired I just can't seem to shake it. And on top of that I don't feel well. 
wow i am tired...its going to be a long day tomorrow at the show. 
WOW i can't believe candice got released  Her fans are going to miss her!
Wow I can't believe Farrah Fawcett died  another one of my blonde icons has passed  Pammy Anderson u better take care of yourself!
wow I cant believe i'm actually going to say this...I miss high school, tear 
wow i can't remember the last time i got up at 10am on a sunday out of choice. work to fo. no-one else is awake 
Wow i completely missed it! It's now 3-3.... 
Wow I could really go for some Friday morning breakfast at Darci's 
wow i feel like crap 
wow I feel like ish  and I really feel bad because those ignorent aholes wont overturn prop 8 
Wow I Feel OLD  ... Congrates Class Of 2009!
Wow i feel so lazy.. Why am i this way? 
Wow i get on and like my 14 followers cut me off and went back to 12  sucks
Wow i hardly twitter 2day....  once againg going to become busy...its not that i dont like wat im doing but its just annoying cuz i dont
Wow i Hate my life used eardrops to fix left ear now right ear is trippin out I feel so light headed 
wow i have alot of @replys im behind on sry bout that! phone internet doesnt offer that box.. only 140 characters on phone 
wow i have got tons of homework and tests tomorrow 
Wow i have no life, wake up to 0 messages 
Wow I have to wake up hella early tomorrow. 
WOW I havent been on all day! I got my Dolce purse I wanted! SOO cute! Tomorrow is our last day on vaca then we drive back saturday 
Wow I haven't had motion sickness in since I was little...argh don't feel good 
wow i havent updated this in a while lol   waay disappointed w/ my shows finales  i hate cliffhangers
wow i havvent bin tweeting much.. well today 5 perverted guys hit on me.. YAY! 
Wow I just found these sunglasses I wanted at target but no money!  they r pink n amazing!
Wow I just got done watching making the bad...very dramatic! I shed a tear 
wow i just made a budget...someone has to hold me to this though 
Wow I just saw my dog sniff my trash. What's wrong with her?!?!! I gave her some of my spam sandwhich. She shouldn't be hungry.  aw angi.
wow i just saw the @s!! sorry 
Wow I look upset! Still sitting on the damn plane. My chest hurts, I need fresh air  - Photo: http://bkite.com/08JZu
Wow I love how it just turned black outside out of nowhere. And the sad thing is imm on the bus  imma get soaked!!
wow i love how we have no headache medicine in this house. 
Wow I made a huge mistake today 
wow i miss my bestfriend soooo much. you dont even kno. thank god only a couple more days. a year is to long 
Wow I missed a lot on twitter last night  3 more days... -_-
Wow i must be really bummed to compare my life to new moon  (200th post)
wow i must have been tired. i fell asleep @ exactly the start of the 10pm news &amp; now up as if its 8am. 
Wow i really do not feel like working today  but it has to get done. Work Fail.
Wow I really don't feel well today 
wow I REALLY need payday to come, I just found out my checking account has been empty all week and i've been overdrawing from savings 
Wow I really need to have fun tonight now 
Wow i really suck at bowling  im kinda sad now.
Wow I Really Wish I Had A Job 
Wow I slept late  poopers 
Wow I slept like shit last night, really hot 
wow i so dumb. 
wow i think i'm going to cry. not only did one of the suggestions fail, i can't get real time help from anyone cos msn keeps d/cing 
wants photoshop back 
wants raw oysters 
wants season 2 of Army Wives 
wants seventeen forever metro station on my phone i am just not allowd to download it and i dont hav any money either to buy the cd 
wants shouting aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh  http://plurk.com/p/11pe4n
Wants some Chinese but no one to go with.  I'll think of something.
wants some goldfish  not the kind that are actually alive though lol.
wants some of the lemonade at Jamaican resturant  but they were closed today...  No fair so ready to get back home and make some $$$
wants some saltwater taffy  http://plurk.com/p/rolv0
wants some soup 'coz it won't make my teeth hurt....  #BSB
Wants someone to play nintendo 64 with her 
wants someone to text with but she doesn't know anyone who's awake 
wants something BOMB.COM to drink right now but I have nothing  http://plurk.com/p/123mhr
wants something hot n spicy! *kebayang tom yam di mangkok putih  http://plurk.com/p/11c6bm
wants something to do other than revisee 
Wants spicy buffalo wings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dipped in blue cheese dressing!!!!! 
wants Starbucks 
wants studio now! 
wants summer already! bike rides @ 2 in the morning, please 
wants the Arctic sea ice news &amp; analysis satellite back up and operational 
Wants the Big man Tevez 2 stay at United!!!!!!!, seein him get subbed yesterday makes me feel upset   
wants the complete first, second, and third season of Supernatural. 
Wants the ellie badge 
wants the iphone udpate...but most likely will be at work away from my computer 
wants the meds to kick in, knock me out and stop crying 
wants the new iPhone! 
wants the new macbook pro, but would have to sell her imac and alienware to do so. and her heart breaks thinking about selling the imac 
wants the new sidekick 3G. 
wants the Nikon D5000 So frakin bad! 
wants the rain to stop 
wants the rain to stop before 6 
wants the rain to stop!! 
Wow I think I'm going to get sick! I woke up throwing up 
wow i want my page to look like @britneyspears! looks a bit more cooler then mine  ha ha! go brit!
Wow I was forced to go a whole hour with out twitter 
Wow i was right . 19 days of school . I wanna go to asls' graduation tomarrow 
Wow i will be away and my &quot;expecting&quot; wife is going to be here in India, thats gonna suck since I have made her so dependent on myself 
wow i woke up a little late today, its 2:30pm. i hate sleeping my day away 
Wow I'm a dork - tears occurred today 
Wow im already awake and about to leave its way to early  its my day off and im up i aint likin this.
Wow i'm Bores 
Wow I'm feeling sick 
wow im glad im going to sit in the car for 12 hours to go to a place i dont even wanna go!!!  fml
Wow I'm not tired at all but I knw I'll pay 4 it in the morning!  I tried pullin out some demon bamboo things outside but it dint wrk out
WOW i'm now a Twitter chatterer ha ha ...  I'm getting a headache searching for houses to live 
Wow Im so sunburnt it aint funny, I hardly slept last night. Gonna get to bed asap 2nite, catch up before the school run in the morning 
wow Im sooo hungry! I didnt have my protein powder shake that I have every morning .. im starving.. 
Wow I'm watching the best short films on logo right now, some are making me sad 
Wow instead of sesame chicken the Chinese place gave me shrimp and broccoli.  Yucky fail.  
WoW is broken, and thus so is my heart.  
wow it feels weird speaking to people from my first school years.. they have all changed so much!! I miss you guys lots 
wow it sucks when you realize people are growing up 
Wow its 3 in the morning and i still want to text someone! Too bad everyones asleep 
wow its been a while, it wont let me use twitter on my phone 
Wants the Sims 3 to be in my hands  5 days to go grrr....Loving the sunshine, but not the heat does that make sense? lol
wants the sims3 really really badly...REALLY REALLY BADLY! 
wants the summer to be bright not grey 
wants the sun back 
Wants the sun to come back...  
wants the sun to come outt 
wants the weekend to be here already....even though it's Monday! 
Wants them pichas 
wants things back to normal now please 
Wants things with Panini to be okay  @allyzajim
wants this adorably cute dress so badly, but is extremely broke  what should i do?
wants this before coming to NUQ's campus  http://is.gd/16lr2 sad i sold my A200 SLR camera
wants this cold to go away 
wants this term to end already!  HATE SPEECOM! 
wants those t shirts. 
wants to avail Cebu Pacific's Happy Hour promo, but dunno when to go 
wants to be @babygirlparis ne BFF sorry @WannieWan 
Wants to be a developer and not a support engineer 
wants to be at the atlanta fest 
Wants to be at the culinary festival!! 
wants to be at the motorcross 
Wants to be at the party wit sammie and heather! 
wants to be back at camp  ahh 3 more days!
Wants to be back at the circus 
wants to be back in bed with josh. I don't feel very well today 
wants to be back in Fayetteville some kind of awful 
wants to be back in Turkey!!!  Really dont want to get back to work tomorrow 
Wants to be followed by the King of Twitter 
wants to be happy 
wants to be happy  http://plurk.com/p/rif9w
wants to be healty....but can't resist when there's free food around. just today I had the new Carl's Jr burger at the radio show at 7am 
wants to be home with her new entertainment center. 
wants to be in Destin this evening, but will be in Rockledge. 
wants to be in Vancouver to see Rise Against  !! gm sux
wants to be off already, but dreading going home due to &quot;family discussion&quot; 
Wants to be on a waverunner so bad right now!  
wants to be on the lake today  its GORGEOUS outside!
wants to be out in the sun but has to finish a composition about dreams and nightmares 
wants to be shopping right now.. or swimming in weather that's actually warm. 
wants to be swimming with the homies! 
wow it's been almost 2 months since i have been on Twitter. bad bad me 
Wow it's been awhile since i left an update...It's been 1 week since I had to put my beloved Casey dog to sleep...I'm heartbroken 
Wow it's been awhile since i tweeted lol.Getting a 5 hour energy drink and going back to the books. 
Wow it's definitely Friday- the gym is completely empty! What to do? I'd like to play the wii but I guess I'll vacuum 
Wow its feast or famine in this place. Now I have 3000 things to complete by Wed. 
Wow it's foggy outside.... Driving on this is going to be GREAT! 
Wow it's hot today....had to come back in to get some air conditioning time. Thought I had peaked at redness, but no, no even redder 
Wow it's like a VPL fest in front of my office right now. 
wow its rainy windy and cold who would have guessed 
wow its really quiet on here toonight.. off college again tommorow : ..then and exam on wed  day off on thurs and exam on friday 
Wow it's so hot outside def not a drink and hang out at the pool 
wow its so nice out!! to bad i have work tomo 
wow it's the Lilac Festival today and i'm the only one in Calgary not there cuz i'm hated 
Wow it's way to hot I've had to come inside 
wow jenson!!!just wow!!  and hoping federer loses...cant see him winning a career slam b4 nadal 
Wow john gotta new phone!!! Hey it's about time!!! But 2 more days 
wow jon &amp; kate plus 8....  but kate has no one to blame but herself! since she treated jon like crap!
wow jus leave me hangin...thx guys 
wOw just gOt home frOma lOng day with sarah...shes annoying....anyways im so tired and have the fatest headache ugh 
wow just had the best dreams ever, the worst part was waking up 
Wants to be there. Now. Noww. 
wants to be tired but took a nap today 
wants to be vip on imvu but mum wont let me what a drag 
wants to blog but doesn't have the drive to.  http://plurk.com/p/p75a6
wants to borrow someone's health insurance. 
wants to buy a new phone sooooooooooon 
wants to buy Benefit make-up. 
WANTS TO BUY BIG BANG THEORY ON DVD!!  byeeee.x
wants to catch up with everyone else... I hate being so far behind.  I should have that job too... 
wants to close my facebook  http://plurk.com/p/ysgft
wants to cool down 
Wants to crawl back into bed 
wants to crawl into a ball and never come out 
wants to crawl into a hole and fall into a deep sleep 
Wants to cryyy but she can't  grr....
Wants to cuddle and watch tv tonight...but not alone  lol cuddle buddy.....sigh lol
wants to cuddle little puppy Rylie...  
wants to cuddle with @ownzu, but he's at work 
Wants to curl up, cry, and sleep.. Just found stuff out.. not the best news for me at this time..  .. but a SMALL part of me is ok with it
wants to date lindsay lohan but cant find a way to contact her 
Wants to ditch class and work to enjoy the windless weather today.  but knowing NM weather it won't last long.
wants to do a ultimate pug, but everyone sleeps in 
wants To do something in Barry  http://plurk.com/p/rq1z0
wants to do something REALLY stupid like on jackass or something. but not to be laughed at or sympathized for but for need. i need this 
wants to download some music for the flight but there is nothing good.  suggestions?
wants to draw something airy and fun. preferably involving a friend or two...but...is sooo out of practice 
wants to drink MILK!  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/x8dh8
wants to dyeeeeeeeeeeeee hair! 
wants to eat that HUGE 14&quot; heart shaped mrs. field cookie d/stairs but cant.. it's a gift 
wants to eat, but Noah has no food here! 
wants to eat.  http://plurk.com/p/z3n39
wants to feel better! 
Wants to feel better, so baaaadly! 
wants to find all her friends on here, but i dont think they have it 
wants to finish her stupid hw so she can go to bed before work tomorrow 
wants to follow more people but he can't... 
wants to forget about exams and go back to Rome 
wants to fukin cry life fukin sucks  i need help tbh...x
wants to gain more KARMA! please  http://plurk.com/p/xbsw4
wants to get her kitten this eve ..  long day of work tomorrow.. 
wants to get more sleep...  http://plurk.com/p/u9jcm
wants to get out but it's a little late 
Wow just noticed shane dawson messaged me hah! He said... hey i didnt know u did a &quot;unsub fred&quot; video! i swear i didnt mean to copy u 
Wow just saw a sign for live five legged calf, too bad we have so many other things to see so i dont think we can fit that in. 
Wow just seen that he died  strange to think i knew him once R.I.P 
wow just slepted for 4 hours....now im probably not gonna sleep again 
Wow just up! That was a long lie. Going for a shower and breakfast then work at 3-10 
Wow laptop party huh 
wow let me board now. I want to leave  and @PPPPOKER_steph LMAO dale 
wow long time no tweeting  lol I LOOVE YU ABS ;) (syd)
wow look at the time!   Time to sleep!
Wow looks like @SongzYuuup is gonna need a numbers change! That was a twitstake 
Wow looks like year 4 of shit ass mothers days 
wow lyk 5 days left of school!!! yaay  ...envy da ppl dat r going to a mexican restaurant tomorrow :O I WANNA GO TOOO!!! 
wow man its soo cold for may!!i want to snow!!!i miss snow soooo much 
Wow more bachelorette parties. And they're all perpetuating negative attitudes about marriage &amp; relationships. 
Wow my allergies are out of control. Zyrtec and other OTC meds aren't working 
WOW my boss is super grumpy to me today 
wow my brain hurts  history sucks lol
Wow my dreams continue to rock my world... In a bad way 
wow my friend just told me that his friend just had brian surgery...small world 
Wow my lakers!!! Lol too bad some people destroy the celebration  they miss the whole point. Congrats to my team!
Wow my Mac just had a fun lets not display the red color level coming back from sleep mode. After a restart, it booted twice.  Worried.
WOW my toes are killing me...Pointe shoes are NO joke! 
Wow my youtube subscription box is filled i need to unsubscribe some people 
Wow no one even cares that I'm leaving. 
Wants to get out of the house ! I need food too  home food sucks . I hate being at home -____-
wants to get rid of my phone 
wants to go and see &quot;my sisters keeper&quot;. looks good but rather sad from the trailer. 
wants to go and see the dolphin post-mortem 
wants to go back blondeeee 
wants to go back home now.  good night http://plurk.com/p/swegu
wants to go back in time and continue my violin session! 
wants to go back to bed, but cannot. Fuck work. 
wants to go back to Singapore.. 
Wants to go back to sleep but cannot 
wants to go back to sleep but she can't...  http://plurk.com/p/xh27e
wants to go back to Texas.  They don't have hot and spicy chicken sandwiches or styrofoam cups at McDonalds here!  
wants to go back to the lake 
wants to go back to TO  at least I am sketching again s'pose....Want to play more with colour &gt;&lt; need to clear up room to do it D8
Wants to go back to Turkey now ! 
wants to go fishing again... without the catfish sting. 
wants to go for a run but its tooooooooooo cold 
wants to go for/have a picnic but theres work to do and everyone is studying  beautiful sunshine wasted 
Wants to go frolf again, but I have to work in awhile. 
Wants to go golfing with greg n joey 
wants to go his bros mabye this weekend     ........................ is bored noone home till late like any other day  lonely
wants to go home and watch The Hills 
Wants to go home. 
Wants to go home. Badly. 
Wants to go homeee 
want's to go out .. but it's raining 
wants to go out but doesn't know what to do 
wants to go out but its raining  watchin Edward Scissorshands i havent seen this film for a lon time xx
wants to go out but it's raining. plus, no carr.  I've been here for 4 days straight. 
Want's to go out but no1 is out 
wants to go out dancing! Big bad scary awful slippery Research Project won't let me 
wants To go out for an hor but has to be up at five for work  http://plurk.com/p/12hz7m
wants to go out in the sun! 
wants to go out tonight...but no-one else wants to 
wants to go out tonighttt!! 
wants to go out.  but has no company 
Wants to go out. Sigh. 
wants to go outside &amp; enjoy the sun this week, but has to stay inside for nonstop study sessions instead.  Not fair.  
wants to go party but im stuck in the suburbs 
wants to go riding!!!! Stupid rain!!!!!!!!! 
wants to go see Malefice tonight in Oxford... but not alone  I'll drive if n e 1 will come with me? GodForbid + DevilDriver too! x
wants to go see metro station at six flags in st. louis but know my mom wont let me 
wants to go see street dreams but it's not playing anywhere near here 
wants to go shopping so baaad 
want's to go SHOPPING!!!! i seriously haven't been in months! 
Wants to go sit in a park but should really be painting the bathroom 
wants to go swimming 
wants to go swimming but doesnt want to hurt her elbows 
wants to go swimming soooooooo bad! 
Wants to go the Britney Spears concert!!!  Darn for being on a wed!
wants to go to #smc_mcr and #phpnw &quot;real meets&quot; sometime.... not going to happen today though. 
wants to go to &quot;Ako Mismo Dog Tag Day&quot; at Bonifacio Global City open field on the 12th.  http://plurk.com/p/z1180
wants to go to a cardiologist, too. Something doesn't feel right 
wants to go to all these summer concerts but cant 
Wants to go to arby's subway mcdonalds or dq or something 
wants to go to aventura to meet some new guys this week. i need someone to care about meeee 
Wants to go to bed and read 
wants to go to bed im tired but its only 9:49pm how sad 
Wants to go to bed so I can get up for 8am tomoz. But computer had froze and I really need to update my Ipod! 
wants to go to bed, and i want to go out tomorrow 
Wants to go to bed. Plus I don't feel good  maybe I should just take a cab home...
wants to go to easterfest 
wants to go to europe really really bad 
wants to go to go out for a beer, but nobody wants to come with me 
Wants to go to harvey nichols now and buy a toywatch! 
Wants to go to henderson waves to take pics... 
Wants to go to Kuwait!!!! 
wants to go to MTV movie awards night 
Want's to go to Orlando with Brittany but i can't      
wants to go to rockeoke. 
wants to go to school but my mom told me that I should stay in the house since i have cough and cold. 
wants to go to school on monday  http://plurk.com/p/ysx1m
wants to go to sleep i dont feel well 
wants to go to Spongebob and the Big Wave this saturday   http://plurk.com/p/p3y65
wants to go to St. Pauls......... 
wants to go to starbucks! 
Wants to go to tabu tonight but has no one to go with 
wow no ones here. 
Wow no power=no fun i have wasted this evening!  i should of learnt lines and practiced piano!
Wow No Xbox Live for the day What is A Girl suppose to do   I guess I can play some offline games Or maybe I can actually go Outside haha
wow o wow o wow  nobody's ever unbeatable i guess - good going so far rafa, too bad you had to lose...
Wow omg wtf some1 just @replied me the craziest shit I didn't think ppl had the balls &quot;literally&quot; to do that 
wow one more episode and im done with season two of skin... saddest one... 
wow one more week left of school. finals are this week &gt;.&lt; then two regents to take 
Wow one of the nicest patients I've ever had! He's being deplyod to falouga-Iraq n-week 
Wow pearl harbor is the saddest movie 
wow pete wentz is so weird haha! bleh I burned my hand w/ ramen water and now its getting perty nasty  mom says 2 relax 4 awhile.
wow poor aussie fans i know how much it sucked having fl xld but i can at least go to another state they lost the countries tour 
wow poor freaky balloon dude  no wonder he's so messed up
wow pretty much everyone i know or have meet is a whore.. WTF is this world come too...    i want my hair extentions 
Wow really don't feel well  never drinking again..hmm I say that all the time
wow really why is it when I am so tired and have to get up in a few hours that I can never sleep!! 
WOW Robert Pattinson looked sooo nervous haha. I feel so bad 
wow school is so stressfull .......ugh 
Wow slept in with no dolidh here to wake me up 
wow so 8 hours of driving plus 3 hours of work = time for bed...good to be home but sad to have left 
Wow so a friend I was supposed to go to a party with last night called to tell me he wasn't going. Then pocket dials me from the party 
wow so fking bored 
wow so my mom saved my ass this morning....I would have been so late for work but i just made it!.....still feel crappy tho 
wow so there are ads and viruses on this thing already huh? lame 
wow spencer pratt for sure just admitted the hills is fake  now its official it makes me sad 
wow spring break all over again. apparently something blew in the engine. wooo hooo 
wants to go to the beach tomorrow,but has nobody to go with. 
wants to go to the britney spears concerts 
wants to go to the confirmation today but cant  x
wants to go to the jonas brothers world tour soooooo freakin bad! but cant  saddness
wants to go to the Kenny Chesney concert tomorrow... but tomorrow is sunday and that means the next day is monday which means school 
Wants to go to the Lakers parade tmrw. 
Wants to go to the mall... But no one can take me there... 
wants to go to the pool....  
Wants to go to the ren fair. 
Wants to go to tthe beach 
wants to go to turkey!! 
wants to go to walmart. but won't go alone 
wants to go visit Texas for her sisters high school graduation &amp; grad party...  
wants to go visit Texas this weekend for her sisters high school graduation &amp; grad party... 
wants to go watch the footy but has no one to go with 
wants to hangout with his friends 
wants to have a nice long Skype call with Louis  .. http://plurk.com/p/13xddl
Wants to have dinner, but can't as it's not cooked yet! 
wants to have PLAYGROUND moments with Sigrid. Haizz.. 
wants to have Sims 3! laptop and pc's memory isnt enough  http://plurk.com/p/y1jp4
Wants to hear some funny jokes to cheer her up!  Anyone have one? 
Wants to help and need some help too 
Wants to join the gym again! I'm the biggest gym junkie! It's like my second home! Until it got too expensive. 
Wants to just procrastinate more ... but can't 
wants to keep you to myself. 
wants to kick all my assignments in the face.... i cant remember what outside looks like 
wants to know &quot;the secret&quot;  lol nah I'm not that pathetic...or am I???
Wants to know how long it actually takes for a broken finger to heal 
wants to know if it's irony when a national security minister gets exploded. Oh Somalia 
wants to know where the Air france's airbus 330-200  is 
wants to know why Nikki Reed wasn't at the MTV Movie Awards, I missed her 
wants to know why some sockets have live on left &amp; some out them on right. 
Wants to know why the pens are loseing 
wants to know why there are so many amazing guys in the world and i dont have one.  can someone please explain. thanks.
Wants to know why TwitPic hates him! 
wants to know why updates arn't being sent to her phone 
wants to know y my pic won't show up.... 
wants to laugh outloud &amp; need her hubby for it to happen  http://plurk.com/p/11elwo
wants to leave the library now.  http://plurk.com/p/uafm4
Wow super tired and hungry  no good
wow take a breath i havent hear u long time agoooooooooooooo 
WOW tea made me sleepy. But i don't want to go to bed 
wow that weekend was awesome. now back the real world 
Wow that's one Cool tattoo!  And the story behind it's well Sad  but yeah...The tattoo is cool 
Wow that's so homo! There's nothing to eat  I'm so hungry!
wow the Air France thing is such a sad story 
wow the dudes i used to crush on watchin Rap City turned out like this so sad  http://bit.ly/IENNN
wow the last hour of twittering that I've been doing has yet to be sent over to twitter..  guys bare w me... 
wow the live chat with the jonas brothers was awesome.. 2 bad they didn't answer any of my Q.  but any way can wait until next one June 4.
Wow the sky looks crazy right now. I'd take a picture but I cant seem to find my digital cam.  Oh well it's beautiful thooooough!
wow the weather outside is breathtaking...yes breathtaking. i'm actually having a hard time breathing right now, darn allergies 
Wow the WNBA opening is going to be a good game.  #L.A.Sparks play Detroit Shock with no #CandaceParker  &lt;*Tiffany
wow their is no pancake mix 
wow there are so many things im not receiving on tweetdeck  #LOFNOTC
wow there really are alot of penis shaped food. poor kid 
wow these kids got tooooooooo much energy this is going to be a long summer 
wow this sucks. Only 7 days to go  crap.
wants to live in LA. 
Wants to make a Twitter account for her bunny 
wants to make waffles but cannot find her waffle maker 
wants to meet Bill 
wants to meet emi  so bad. anyone fancy a road trip to reading anytime soon?
wants to meet him.. wants him  http://plurk.com/p/12kq84
wants to meet my hun   http://plurk.com/p/12cc7e
wants to meet ryan ross so bad 
wants to parle francais. 
Wants to party!!!  @sporkula $4 shots!? Are you kidding!!?? That is way expensive!! @ek20385 I want vodka too!! Woo bank holidays!
wants to play in the rain 
Wants to play kickball again... 
wants to play ragnarï¿½k.  thinks her brother is being mean and too addicted to wow. pfft.
wants to play resto city.. but she can't.  *sigh*
wants to play Sims 3 
Wants to play sims 3 but had to take it back  to the shop because it was broke  And they did not have any spare games  HEELLLPPP :'( X
Wants to play super mario bros for wii 
wants to quit school...i've lost my friday nights because of it  doing homework and then 8am class tomorrow  BOO!
wants to rain!!!  http://plurk.com/p/z370f
wants to record piano vers of wasurenaide + crazy love + juliette + gee + neorago 
wants to recover and get back on the bike.... 
wants to riiiiiide 
wants to say sorry to Tim for the Karate file that she did.  http://plurk.com/p/11vu3c
wants to scream, because the damn phot won't load...I guess this default will do for now 
wants to see demi  lavato in her summer concert , but carn't  X
wants to see Eddie Izzard's standup, but im as skint as a mushroom. how very sad 
wants to see flight 666 but knows it's not likely to be in the local cinema 
wants to see her man 
wants to see him very badly 
wants to see Strong Killings tonight!  
Wants to see Transformers.Party This weekend? Work today 
wants to see white lies 
wants to set up a coffee shop, but he has no money to do it 
Wants to shift course...  ---&gt; DEnt. I think it fits me way better than MT..Soo confused right now. 
wants to skate but it's rainy 
wants to skip todays exam 
Wants to sleep all day tomorrow but has to be up in about 7 hrs 
wants to sleep but cant 
Wants to sleep but can't 
Wow this the longest time I've spent at home since being back. I have nothing to do today... 
Wow this weather is seriously messin up my plans 
wow this week hates me or something..not having a good day again 
Wow to the chris brown news. Oh well his bad. . . That sucks that i liked his music too 
wow today is going slow 
wow today is so freaking hot!! i want to go to the beacchhh. or anywhere to swim. 
wow today was again hectic at work. hardly any communication with my hunny @sallytj 
wow today was prob worst day at work ever ... i am gonna miss my weekend team 
Wow today was truely amazing!!! Not trusted!! Over worked!! Tired! Fighting with a best friend! Missing my bestie!  HELP ME!!!
WOW too darn hot to work outside! What was I thinking! The gardens can wait!!  
Wow twitter api is 14 minutes behind.... Sorry folks... 
Wow twitter clients e.g. Spaz, Twittie, UberTwitter, TwitterFone only allows u to send 100 tweets an hour 
Wow TWitter has serious people who need prayer on here  (singing) its beginning to feel a lot like MYSPACE every tweet i throw... LOL!
Wow Twitter is kinda quiet...guess everyone but me is out doin fun stuff  LOL
wow u guys stay up so late i cant do that 
Wow up again.  
wow was in cruise control then got fucked in limit....had KK flop came Q105. Me and other dude capped the bet he was all in...had 1010 
wow wat a beautiful film, made me cry  its called 'the kite runner' pls watch it, tis gr8
wow what a day...no time for tweeting    hope everyone had a great day ! I'm tried  goodnight
wow what a horrible day... 
wow what a night;; dancing = fun,, losing the car key = terible, wow no phone and none of my stuff;; home going to bed  .thinking of him!
wants to sleep but cant..... 
wants to sleep in tomorrow but cant because of her stupid english exam 
wants to stay home and sleep but has to go shopping.  http://plurk.com/p/12qjm9
wants to stay in bed 
wants to stop coughing already!!! I've tried everything and still here I am, coughing loudly, probably pissing off the neighbors  .......
wants to sun bathe but no sun 
wants to swim on may 2  http://plurk.com/p/ousr7
Wants to switch her major to premed, but isn't sure she has what it takes to get accepted into a med program. 
Wants to take a walk... But knows that she cant 
wants to take her puppies to the park tomorrow but its gonna rain 
wants to take home a hula girl. 
wants to take multimedia arts classes... 
Wants to talk to asha. Maybe even skype. But it's bedtime. I need to go  http://plurk.com/p/z1hrp
wants to talk to her Wolverine, where is he? 
Wants to talk to her, right now... 
Wants to talk to him,but hes not awake. 
wants to talk to Luke. But he is in Sweden 
wants to tell his best friends he loves them...... 
wants to thank @trent_reznor @nineinchnails  for an awesome awesome show last night!  Sad to see you guys go  but thanks for everything!
wants to try slide films but i'm broke already 
Wants to turn right into nick/kevin/joes arms 
wants to visit dustin and give him a huge hug 
wants to wag school so badly, but cant 
wants to warm up Im so cold ................. 
wants to watch a movie, can't find any good ones 
wants to watch a movie. 
wants to watch another movie but iTunes wont download very quick  HTLAGI10D was amazing. &lt;3 one of my favorite movies now.
wants to watch bff. 
wants to watch Bruno! but for now, its the electron transport chain  Fun!
Wants to watch drag me to hell.anyone?I'm not in the mood of watching movie alone this time.. 
wants to watch gilmore girls but I left my dvds at @purplemazz 's house 
Wants to watch Howl's Moving Castle. 
wants to watch Jigoku Shoujo live action!! 
wants to watch Night at the Musuem and Monsters vs Aliens today but has no one to watch it with. 
Wants to watch Primeval... But can somehow never find the right time... 
wants to watch Star Trek early but never got preview invites 
wants to watch the mtv movie awards, but is sure she won't have time to... 
Wants to watch transformers 2 
wants to watch transformers 2 again now!! ... need to phone up bout my phone  ... am i lucky enough to get 3gs?
wants to watch transformers: revenge of the fallen sooo baadddlllyyyyyyy. tapi ga tau mau nonton sama siapa 
Wants to watch.... The Day After..... BUT I LOST THE F^#@ING DVD!!!  
Wants to wear fuzzy sock on the linoleum and listen to the Finding Nemo soundtrack too - and not watch the pens lose right now 
Wants to write sooo bad but has to study for this weekend or no concert 
wants to write, I have so many ideas..but I'm at work 
wants to yell, to cry, to punch somebody. Instead, she just wrote http://tinyurl.com/q9k8a3 (this).  http://plurk.com/p/y097l
wants tom to text her back 
wants tomorrow to be over already. 
wants twistori screensaver in desktop. 
wants twitter to work on my phone but it doesnt work 
wants very much to see of Montreal in London  maybe I should go it alone
wants watching wolverine so bad 
wants yesterday again. 
wants yesterday back 
wants you to ask me if I went out on a date this weekend.... Mmm hmmm g'head, ask me! 
Wants&amp;Needs are not coinciding so I gotta learn not to let my heart be burdened by one when its not in line w/ the other...at all costs 
wants/needs to take another nap 
wants: school  i miss all my friends already 
wantz 2 baq 2 sleep but cant 
war 23 ding in worst pt ever 
War between Army &amp; Taliban in Swat has displaced over 1.5million people. Still dealing with that &amp; now this blast? When will this end? 
Wow what a sleep in 
Wow what a storm we just had!!! Now no power 
wow what a way to start the week 
wow what was David thinking or doing ? 
Wow what's with me having intense dreams, this one was disturbing I woke up sad 
Wow who knew my sister so desperately wanted to see Willie Nelson.Definitely on her crap list for not telling her he was in RVA this week 
wow work from 1230-9 what a great day... 
Wow wot a hangover I have got! 
Wow wth happpened to me 
Wow yall  are so busy atm @adwilbanks ..i didnt get a blast 
wow!  another day without me having time to tweet!  
Wow! Clear shuts down. Just after everyone at work was handing out free passes: http://www.flyclear.com/ 
WOW! Finally was able to download OS 3.0... What new things should i be excited about?? (no MMS  )
Wow! I didn't even see your original Monopoly post @pumpkid  Sorry! I was wondering what you were talking about!
Wow! I feel bad. Miscomunication.guess no movie. Ma and pops have the cars and are out of town.  /:
War is peace, ignorance is strength, freedom is slavery, 1984 is a great book... and so sad 
WAR room here i come 
WarcraftRealms ist auch mal wieder down. 
Wardrobe malfunctions galore this morning  way to make a fat girl in a bad mood. Lol
Warm and humid this morning. I miss my convertable  I'll bake some cookies which should make it a little better.
Warm morning as per usual. Have to get on a plane this afternoon. 
warmed up nicely outside.  sucks being stuck inside coding 
Warning - caps incoming.  BACON AND ONION CROISSAINTS ARE AN ABOMINATION TO MANKIND!  Truly. 
Warning tweeting while ridding a Bike is dangero, waaaaaaa!!! *crash* 
WARNING: do not eat almonds, while angry, they make you really frustrated and horny. its not fun 
Warning: do not travel 285N if u don't have to...there was an accident and it's backed up like crazy! 
WARNING: do NOT was your uggs in the washing machine THEN dry them. a) they shrink. b) the insoles fall out 
WARNING: eating trailmix while feeding mini treats to dog may cause trailmix to suddenly become curiously extra crunchy. urh phewy 
Warning: top trnding topic #IranElection not 4 the faint-hearted.  This is live, real footage of a violent protest happening as we speak. 
Warped Tour starts Friday!!!..in Pomona,CA 
Warren Attempted to rescue a beautiful Jedi from a Sarlacc pit and failed horribly 
Warrington is cloudy and much cooler today! 
was @ Club 21 Collectibles Sales @ Forum, intendin' 2 look 4 Dior Homme &amp; Martin Margiela stuff. 2 my dismay, everythin' looks so passï¿½! 
Was @ the San Carlos Apache Nation yesterday-sadened to hear of the high suicide/homice rate there. 
Was a &quot;slow&quot; day... I really need a job so bad  Good night, tweetworld!
Was a gorgeous day until the cute lil squirrel committed suicide by running under the tires. 
was a great day - here we go again tomorrow - my list of to-do's tends to overlap days - I'm tired 
Was a great day! i'll be missing you guys so much. 
was a smart gal until I fell INLOVE!! 
was able to mush down a sandwich &amp; eat it. this sucks 
Was about to head downtown...now there's a flash flood!  - Photo: http://bkite.com/07XFs
Was about to leave n it started raining 
Was about to put my new custom design on but Twitter is broken and won't let me upload the damn background. We'll have to wait 
was all dressed up with nowhere to go 
Was all ready for pb&amp;j, but realized I had no J. So at grocery store 
Was an interesting show tonight and @MysteryGuitarM seriously, everytime after I just finish a show 
was anyone else aware that there were elections tomorrow? I've received no mail about it whatsoever... Bit sucky? 
was at a party tonite, and broke his camera 
was at bus stop and a bird pooed on my work shirt 
Wow! I must be really boring/annoying on here! I keep losing followers dramatically..  
Wow! I need a side home... 
wow! I'm pissed but relieved at the same time, my exam has been postponed until next Thursday! but this means I'll have 2 on the one day 
Wow! It's already the last day of May. Time goes by so fast 
Wow! Just found my earphones, broken of course. I remember when I could have nice things and not have to hide them. I don't learn.  
Wow! Just heard about the AirFrance plane that disappeared from the radars early this morning. Sad story! 
Wow! Just received a SPAM SMS. Fwd from number I don't know. Looks like viagra email or something. Somebody shoot them. 
WOW! Late start today 
Wow! My shoulders are tight! My neck feels so stiff n painful! What is this!?! 
Wow! Putting fish juice in my garden is great for the plants! ...Until the neighborhood cats come at night an dig them up. 
Wow! Silly how people read into tweets way 2 seriously. The craziest is the 1 that asked 4 the girls name?! I am so convicted, sorry GOD 
Wow! There Is A Twilight Cruise! In America Tho And Probz Kind Of Expensive     Lol x
Wow! Tweetie sent my pictures to yfrog instead of twitpic! Why? Now I have to start using twitfire again 
Was at terminal 5 at 4 this morn, am officially pooped and wifeless for a few days. Drugs, Drink and Hookers? nope, DIY 
was at the ER for 9 hours Sat. with Mimi, she fell and broker her shoulder 
was at the greek theatre tonight.........I did not get to go  ? http://blip.fm/~5gqhk
Was at the media thing today, was alright i suppose, was better than being at school anyway. I'm now cold and got a sore head 
was babysitting my one year old godchild. he just left with his mommy 
was BATTERED last night and is HANGING today!  
Was beautiful week, ended with a rainy Friday... spent indoor with sick toddler 
was bhangra dancing wid the ladies at the gym.. Now off to bras basah and orchard for supi's farewell! 
was bit by someone and I think she was a bug. 
was called a 'lesser evil'. 
Was checking out some condos at the Murano that are up for auction.  They're very nice, but not as big as I thought they would be. 
Was choppin up chillies........... just rubbed my eye, have never felt so much fuckin pain 
was confuse , i dont know whether he love me or not 
Was counting on the cough meds to put me to sleep. Staring at the Blake ceiling for 45 Mins and no such luck. 
was crushing on  I still can't get over it.
was crying  http://plurk.com/p/11qe8e
Was cutting the greens when I accidentally cut my left index finger. 
Was disappointed by crab roe la mien  Super excited but then realized it wasn't crab roe-y enough 
was disappointed in Wolverine. Didn't follow the comic books. 
was disappointed that Ralph Lauren in Taipei 101 has closed down!!! 
Was does God hate me? My xbox just E74'd about a week after getting it fixed 
was doing 400kbps, now doing about 40kbps. 
was doing so well with waking up. And now, blah, waking up in the afternoon again 
Was doing something, but they're busy with something else atm, so I'm bored now 
Was doing well with the recovery from my surgery. But after the shower I took the pain is bad. 
was enjoying watching the tv... then everyone got up at the same time 
Was excited to see &quot;Biopharmaceutical&quot; as trending topic, but sad to see it was just spam 
Was expecting 2 get my Vado Video Camera delivered 2day but when I checked tracking, it's rescheduled to Friday. A little bummed out now 
was exposed to a 3-hour long electric shock , 5 more to go 
Trying to clean b4 tonight...ughh not working 
Trying to clean out my email! I have like 498 emails to read/delete! 
Trying to clear my stuffy nose so I can make it through rehearsal. 
Trying to clear the Tivo, so Oscar won't be mad at me anymore.    Maybe the Dodger game will record tomorrow.
Trying to come up with 2 professional goals due by tomorrow  &quot;Stop being a bitch...&quot;
trying to conference with my sister but not working 
Trying to continue with Chimera in 30 minutes.  Other projects prevented me from continuing 
Trying to convince @izziesquared to turn around to exit in my town. Plan failed. 
Trying to convince Artie to goto AXE lounge in southampton to see nick cannon spin and Mariah look pretty- not working 
Trying to convince former Bonny RPers to set aside their skepticism about last night's awesomeness and give this another go. Failing. 
Trying to convince my 3 yr old to play hooky and go shopping/lunch... she says &quot;naaahhh&quot; 
Trying to copy stuff to my external drive and getting the CRC error. Hoping it's a port problem, which I can get around.  GB crunch ftl.
Trying to count all 100 supposed improvements to iOS 3.0 (have 70 of them jumped out and hopped in the 3GS?  - cont
trying to create a profile on here and realizing all my pics are gone since the hurricane. 
Trying to create a project that will allow users to create flash based apps online, but it won't work. I just can't call mxmlc from PHP 
Trying to create an iTunes account so I can download some apps to my iPhone. Can anyone help me out? I just want the free apps: 
Trying to cure a hangover, using apples and milk.. Not working so far 
Trying to cut the grass while babysitting...&amp; just realized EVA hates the lawn mower 
Trying to decide if I'm going to church or just stay in bed all day  http://ff.im/2xMyq
Trying to decide on a movie with the friends.. not going to well! lol :p  No bible study 2nite, which means no b-day cake  buy my own??
Trying to decide on hotel for the NECC conference.   Any suggestions..
Trying to decide on the most efficient (time and energy wise) dinner to prepare for the kiddies...never easy 
trying to decide what movie to watch... rele bored... 
Trying to decide what time to head home tomorrow  Don't really want to leave Clardia though.
Wow! Wats this about the fight eminen had? =O i cant wait to see the show to morrow xD poor eminen tho  haha.
Wow! we finally saw Jacob!!! can't believe we have 2 wait until 2010 for LOST &amp; it's the final seaon! &amp; no Desmond! grrr! poor Juliet! 
Wow! What a llllllllllooooooooonnnnnnnngggggggg day 
Wow! What a long day! Baby girl waits until she taken a bath to up to split up  I love her!!!!
WOW!! Being sick has never been so painful!! Got meds now though n I'm feelin better... I'm on bed rest for a weekthough  sigh
wow!! got my first follower!!!! only taken 4 days 
WoW!! spammers got into skype now...  got my 1st spam skype messages.. not a good sign! anyone else seeing this? never seen this in 4 yrs
Wow!! what happened to those guys on trouble in paradise is scary 
Wow!!!  The worst dream ever     BEEBZ *Duece Nickel Tre*
Wow!!! It is scorching hot outside!!!! No rain for us any time soon 
WOW!!! It's already after 2 in the morning! I need to be going to bed soon. 
WOW!!! You only been gone 4 like an hour and idk what 2 do!   It is gonna b a LONG week!!!!
Wow!!!! A lot of ppl in Downtown LA!!! Missed it!! Couldn't get off from work!!!! 
WOW!Doesnt beat the ocean-but most beautiful breakfast&amp;boat ride@ lake in WA-TX BILL-Saw some MTV after 6 months-MY GOSH-Wheres The Music 
wow, #caprica is amazing; stylish, serious sci-fi; gutted about the wait to release as a series now 
Wow, #yaymen has quite some momentum! And this should happen on the day I'm super busy... can't watch the jury's fabulous twitterstreams 
trying to decide what to have for dinner i really hate cooking 
Trying to decide where I'm gonna live for the next 6weeks while I'm working in the country 
Trying to decide whether to give up on this week away. Just know as soon as we do the sun will come out. 
Trying to decided if I'm suffereing from hayfever, despite taking a tablet or have the onset of a cold.... I suspect the latter! 
trying to develop or continue something when you just wake up is mission impossible 
Trying to diagnose why IE (Internet Explorer) is not behaving as expected as an Intranet Explorer ... 
Trying to do a GIS on iPhone, google not loading 
trying to do a research paper on Kate Chopin for English. 
trying to do chores - i'm nearly finished - in my dreams 
trying to do my art essay. i hate art. 
Trying to do my homework but its so boring!!!! 
trying to do my maths homework   so bored 
trying to do my tax return! Ahh! Stressful 
Trying to do some economics work 
Trying to do some work  Dam UNI!!!!
trying to do some work outside on  my laptop, but it's just too darn bright and I can't see the screen 
trying to do the 3 essays 
Trying to download @darthjulian's Design Fiction essay but all the short links are broken. 
Trying to download a game for my phone, but no internet access. 
trying to download limewire 
Trying to download music since nobody will burn me a cd 
trying to download the new iPhone software,, but its not letting me, MajorSadFace!  
Trying to eat healthy but I really want to make sausage rice and mashed potatoes. 
trying to eat my peach that looks like an ASS not goin so well!! 
trying to eat some sugar free jello without getting sick! If I can't keep things down they are going to have to give a different iv fluid 
Trying to empty my  Email Inbox.. 
trying to enjoy my day off but have a throbbing headache... 
trying to enjoy my last day of spring break...it's back to work tomorrow! 
Trying to explain metaphysical things to my very rational boyfriend is really difficult sometimes 
Trying to explain to Jaeden why grandpa who is in Iraq can't just come over today to catch bugs with him..he's not really understanding 
was feeling better so decided to give the shrubs a hair cut. Midway thru her migraine headache came back. 
Was forced away frm fire pit by rain 
was forced to wake up early.  boo
was getting annoyed with extortionate tmobile wifi charge in hotel but remembered I have a 3 mobile broadband dongle!! Tmobile ï¿½10 24hrs 
was getting ready 4 slp wen I tot of Mauritius. my dream hol destinatn. package is $10k per pax 4 8d6n. bf ask me 2 go myself. 
was going for a walk but gloria cant get up 
was going to bed.. then noticed my to-do list is still halfway not done.. I'm sick of all-nighters.. 
was going to buy a 360 headset, but now it looks as though she'll have to break down and buy a 360 hard drive instead. 
Was going to duxford today, but appalling forecast coupled with agony I am in at the moment means I'll not be going. Wish I lived closer 
Was going to go back to the beach today but it's cold and raining  Miserable weather  How is everyone else?
was going to go shopping today. but my ass is BROKE!  *tears
Was going to go to my great-grandmother's birthday party, but it rained, so it was canceled..... 
was going to have a sammic but we is out of bread 
was going to kk to take bailey swimming today..but we got bad weather coming 
Was going to make eggs...don't know where my spatula is. Eggstake 
Was going to say that I have no food. But that would be wrong considering how much I truly do have. But dill chips are burning my lips 
Was going to see &quot;Up&quot; this morning with the hubby.  Dogs and their crazy ailments always alter my weekend plans!! 
was going to see a movie.....damn friends. 
was going to see Year One this morning until my friend told me last minute he couldn't go 
Was going to study-hardy tonight but I'm just too tired to  Fail
Was going to Thorpe Park... but I'm not now. 
was going to watch Click but then remembered how unneccessarily sad it is 
was going to work on polish #hypoglycemiafail will have to wait until back on even keel 
was gonna go to the river...  got out of the shower and it's raining.  wth?  
was gonna go town but were in england so the weather is shit 
was gonna post a pic of my legs... changed my mind, the pic doesn't show just how badly i cooked my knees in the sun... hurts 
Wow, $2 whole dollars and only 7 tickets 
wow, 11 followers. am i that bad?  haha jks, follow me! i'd like 20 by tmrw LOL
wow, 5 pm rolled around really fast. I accomplished only one thing on my to do list today... 
Wow, 500 rollerskaters just passed by my window. I can't belive how they have the courage to skate so FAST! Hm,suicidal mass suggestion? 
Wow, a high of 64 today. I love this weather in Florida. Sadly it won't last long 
Wow, a possum in the storage closet. Please dont jump on me! 
Wow, after 3 months i remembered my login/password. GO ME!  But i lack followers because of that   Bad timess x
Wow, airline bike fees have gotten outrageous! I just paid $175 to check my bike box on my $160 one-way flight!    Ridiculous.
Wow, already 20 years since Tiananmen Square, man how time flies.  I remember that like yesterday  makes me soo old
Wow, Amazon are selling the PS3 bundled with Infamous cheaper than they are selling it for on it's own, why? I still couldn't afford one 
Wow, are you guys having some issues with e-junkie login? can't login 
Wow, because of Swine flu, they've quarantined some parts of China and my love, Japan.  Still, quarantine is such a cool word xD
Wow, crazy massive line just to get into the Lego store. 
Wow, didn't really expect to hear that dissappointing news today, it's the German's fault! NOT FAIR! 
wow, even spammers are following lonely old me 
wow, everyone is getting Andrew cheese its now  I think once he tweeted about me bringing them EVERYONE does. kghkls WHATEVER.
trying to fall asleep after a long day.  Probably shouldn't have had mexican food, then. 
Trying to fall asleep but im not tired at all. Eww tomorrows monday 
Trying to fall asleep by listening to music. But @kirbykrackle is too fun to sing along to. Gotta change it sorry KK 
trying to fall asleep without Kyle next to me 
Trying to fall asleep. I have a sharp pain in my left side that won't go away 
Trying to fall asleep...... But I'm scared to dream!! 
Trying to fashion a way to keep the dog &quot;locked&quot; in the kitchen while we are out. Doorway uneven so baby gates don't fit 
trying to feel better, stayed out too late last night.  
trying to feel fine. tummy hurts 
trying to figgure out this twitter lark 
Trying to fight off my support bandage so I can shower. My fankle is hurties. Ow 
trying to figure how to drag the awfully boring story longer for my homework. 
Trying to figure out Blogspot. Uggg.  I don't know which end is up 
Trying to figure out how some random link showed up on my Twitter page  Someone hacked into my Mac/iPhone? Never!!!!!!!
trying to figure out how the heck to post my pic..three tries no luck! 
trying to figure out how to build a moving menu for my website. no luck 
Trying to figure out how to crop an image in Hugin. Sometimes it's better than Photoshop, but I can't figure out how to crop. 
Trying to figure out how to do my History thing. 
Trying to figure out how to tweet by mobile  !
trying to figure out how to wear my hair next week for prom, i'll say , it's not easy 
trying to figure out how twitter works.  
Trying to figure out how twitter works...  http://myloc.me/4QU0
Trying to figure out rav's newest feature - sorting projects by helpful notes. Can't sort by most helpful project, despite Casey's post. 
trying to figure out something cute (but not over dressy) to wear to Zaphods tonight....I hate all my clothes 
Trying to figure out this thing...it's not going well 
trying to figure out this twitter thing. 
Trying to figure out to eat...not too many choices 
trying to figure out tweetdeck and failing miserably  
was gonna see Jagged Edge on Thursday and now it's been cancelled 
Was gonna see Star Trek with some friends but they've all caught the doomplague I had the other week.  Oh well, gonna see Wolverine! &lt;3
was gonna spend the day in the sun with my friend Gilly &amp; her baby girl, but as usual the sun doesn't want to come out on my day off! 
Was gonna take a white rose but it had thorns. 
Was gonna take the canoe out, but it's not very nice out &amp; we have a lot to do  gonna do errands &amp; hopefully some more planting/gardening.
Was gonna update new laptop to Windows 7 RC but forgot.....no disc drive  it seemed like a good way to save money but now i'm not sure
Was greeted this morning by a broken air conditioner at work.  88 degrees. I'm sweating. 
Was hangin wit friends outside but tha threat of rain about 2 fall scared them away  .. bored again
was happy... Good bye #AlexaLloyd  #fb
Was having a wonderful day till the tooth pain 
was having such a good night .. 
Was having the sexiest dream ever then pops wakes me up to work 
was heading to the pool, or so I thought... working now 
was hit by a motobike while crossing the road at Hartamas. Now in the office nursing my shoulder n my bruised ego 
was home in South Africa for a week and then my kitty was killed by a car...I am sooo pissed off right now...and sad 
Was hopin I wouldn't have to pay extra for these games  - ESPN buys rights to Setanta games http://viigo.im/Zed
Was hoping for magic &amp; love but tonight wasn't my night. Night started dramatic so felt disconnected &amp; HM seemed distant too... 
Was hoping it would rain at soccer. I was disappointed 
was hoping to become ambidextrous by doing all my study left-handed, but it's too slooooow  hehe
Was hoping to buy Official swag at Rock Center for TRMS, COUNTDOWN and 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue-so sad, had only 3 items with MSNBC logo 
Was hoping to get BBQ and new camera this weekend documented fun and burgers ;) looks like neither will happen until next week though 
Was hoping to get out of the house today but it's POURING!   
Was hoping you'd prove everyone  wrong. Instead I was the one proven wrong. I won't lie - it makes me sadder than you will ever know. 
Was hopping that some alliens would shoot the school down  Oh well ..
was hungry but had nothing in the fridge but caesar salad. How unsatisfying 
was i sad today at college? just had 8 texts going you okay? you seemed upset today  and kelly was like sorry about earlier..wtf
Wow, Ghost, amazing film, cried so much  loveeeeeee it
Wow, girls are so fucking dramatic.. And im done with it.. Wish i were a guy 
Wow, head of rbs business banking may spring a visit on my office 2moro! May have 2 wear a suit after all 
wow, i accidentally kicked the fridge and got grounded. this sucks reallllllll bad 
Wow, i always send the wrong things to the wrong people, or places 
Wow, I am a sick fuck. How did I get like this? 
Wow, I am completely depressed from a  book   But dinner with a friend will make me happy again  #fb
Wow, i am happy that i finally oiled my boots! Haven't since last fall, but now the boot oil is all gone 
Wow, I am so sick. How did this happen? No voice, headache and dutty congestion. Blemmm 
Wow, I am so tired  I need to sleep a bit more, but this pain is bad so I hope that this medicine works!!!!! Hasta Luego (until later)
wow, i broke my toe today on a stupid piece of concrete!  LAME! job searching then sight seeing with Brittany.
wow, i deff dont want to be in the office today while all my familia and friends are at my house having fun! 
wow, i feel so tired so early wow. I'm drained 
Wow, I hate it when I IM some one and they sign off. At least have the decency to tell me you were just about to go or something. 
wow, i hate my brother. hope jamie moves to..like china or some shit. woke me up at 5, when i fell asleep at 3. my ribs hurt 
Wow, I have a headache 
wow, i havent been playing sudokuu in the morningg 
trying to figure out twitter... and confused 
Trying to figure out what language my cab driver is speaking! Lol. On our way home from Chicago 
Trying to figure out what my itunes username and password is so I can load my ipod--its been so long since I've used it 
Trying to figure out what the hell twitter is and how do i use it and talk to ppl!!!  http://twurl.nl/h13slx
trying to figure out what to do at work...i'm kind of bored 
trying to figure out what to do today... lots of things on the to-do list, none sound appealing though 
Trying to figure out what to do with kids since it's ugly out  rain rain go AWAY!!
trying to figure out what to make for dinner.. im soo lazy dont really even feel like making anything but im hungry 
trying to figure out what to wear to school that won't kill my shoulders 
trying to figure out when I will have time to learn about twitter 
Trying to figure out who is the other RichardLynch already on twitter 
trying to figure out why I can't follow ' JaegerM ' on twitter - but he can follow me .... ?  He doesn't show up in 'search' for me 
trying to figure out why I can't upload a picture on here 
trying to figure out why limewire wont work. 
trying to figure things out.......     
trying to figure this thing out..  
trying to figure this thing out..  and workin late  boooo!
trying to figure this whole twitter thing out.... 
Trying to fill out my debt profile for tomorrow... but I dono what I'm doing..  Stupid credit cards!!!!!!
trying to find a baby sitter.... it looks hopeless 
Trying to find a band that don't remind me of him is impossible 
trying to find a board book publisher is not easy! Even if I find them, I either can't reach them or they are not taking submissions. 
Trying to find a boyfriend...Still no luck 
trying to find a dog breeder in Dublin who breeds shorkies 
Trying to find a free texas hold'em game for my blackberry and the search isn't going so well 
Trying to find a good place for my English Mastiff to retire too.. 
Trying to find a good site to create or GMod Clan on bores 
trying to find a good vet around here. i think one of my kitties has asthma 
Was in a car accident Friday, no one was hurt though. Confused as hell... I Love him, but I like someone else too..  I need help.
Was in Munich yesterday but it rained the whole day long  at least my girlfriend has now a accommodation.
Was in NY for dad's 70th birthday &amp; lost my iphone on the LIRR yesterday   Really really hope that the 4-digit lock code does its job.
Was in so much pain today, took pain meds n ended up sleepin all day. 
Was in the car to hear Mariano blow it and came in to watch the Yankee rally fall short 
was in the Outer Banks this time last year.  wish I was there now 
Was in the rift valley this wknd...amazing scenery&amp;variety! Check it out on www.journeykenya.com. Back at work now 
Was intending to finish editing my 536-page novel manuscript tonight, but that will probably not happen. And only 12 pages are left 
was invited 2 attend dj courses! the perks of life. .so y cant i be just excited bout everything else  advice needed people
was invited to ride mammoth looking thing, rode it into horrible place where I was droped for dead. I'm not. mental note, not again... 
Was it something I said, or something I never did? Or was I always in the way? 
Was it something I said? Everyone left the guttah chat 
was jumpin up &amp; down in the green waste bin to compact it when it slid out &amp; tipped over... smashing &amp; scraping the shins on the way down 
Was just about to get on Spymaster for 30 seconds, but here, the server is down.    All well.  Off to school in a few.  Essay 1st period.
Was just about to go to sleep and now i have seriously annoying hiccups 
Was just about to head out for coffee break and my boss starts running around like a madman... must wait now and see what is up~! 
Was just about to tweet something exciting, but nevermind 
was just at Angels Stadium for EHS's CiF Championship baseball game... they lost 
was just depotting my mac fleur power blush (brand new!!) and it smashed  my first attemt at pressing! fingers crossed!
Wow, I just realized today's also Iceland's birthday. Damn you people who share cool birthdays with fictional characters. I have no one 
Wow, I just tried using my TV remote to turn up my laptop volume. I pointed it at it and everything. Ha. I want someone to come over.  Lol
Wow, I just woke up and I'm starving!!!!!     off to work....
wow, I missed the Thai songkran again 
wow, i really do have small feet 
Wow, I really need to keep using Twitter often. Why do I forget? 
Wow, I spoke too soon today about my 2yo Desktop... the sound card just died! Constant loud pitched noise from it. No music, no sound 
wow, I think everyone is on facebook because there has been no action since before KS  
wow, I think Luke is training to be a 2nd shift sign guy, up at 10:00 and still not giving in to the sleep.  Napped too long today 
wow, i thought i was cool because i got a follower. well it was a sex toy shop just advertising. i guess i'm not as cool as i thought 
wow, I tried to speak for the first time and im losing my voice :S nooooo, now I cant sing 
Wow, I was super tired last night! But I think I went to bed too early bc everyone's barely going to bed &amp; I'm WIDE AWAKE lol dang it 
Wow, I went running, went to football, then went to work. It's 1:30am and I'm finally getting a chance to sit down. Work at 10am 
wow, i wish i didnt wake up in my own bed today 
Wow, if you want to make a phone call, there is an app for that ichat but ihangup is not included  ... http://bit.ly/iOlCA
Wow, IGN's live feed of E3 is really laggy...   Switched over to G4's live feed.
Wow, im crabby today.  Sorry for anyone who reads this...  its been a bad day...  
Wow, I'm feeling unwell today, I think I might have to just lie in bed all day, it hurts to sit in my chair  my tummy hurtsss
Wow, it is summative time.  bummer
Trying to find a job its too hard 
trying to find a little red wagon for my dad for father's day lol...toys r us had them but were to exspensive 
trying to find a new dive boat for Sunday - Booked one has cancelled 
trying to find a new home for alfie 
Trying to find a new home for her bunny rabbit 
trying to find a nice holiday for september for a decent bloody price!  Not easy 
trying to find a picture to put up on my twitter but can't find one 
Trying to find a pirated copy of &quot;Up&quot; is going to be a challenge! 
Trying to find a reliable seller of a USB cable for my Hitachi camcorder. Hitachi don't make official ones 
trying to find a replay of the white house correspondents dinner which I missed. Can't find a darn repeat on CSPAN 
Trying to find a tech job. Can't find any entry level jobs any were.  Also just about every job site has more spam now then jobs.
Trying to find a tmobile phone cuz mine got smashed while we were moving into our new apartment 
Trying to find a way to justify a US$2000 #timhamilton jacket. Not having much luck 
Trying to find an affordable trip to New York, San Francisco or Los Angeles...still not luck 
Trying to find anime usa staff contacts add me if you are ausa staff please! i feel so out of the loop    im maid cafe and dealers girl
trying to find another job 
trying to find another website for msn messenger  ebuddy is now blocked at school, ugh.
trying to find beth on twitter and failing 
trying to find editing software is kinda difficult 
trying to find friends on here but this is not working for me!!! ugh!!!... 
trying to find motivation today and am seriously lacking.  i turned twitter updates to my phone off... and it's been nice.
trying to find my cousin 
trying to find my hair dryer 
Trying to find my old friend from Queens College on line.  No luck. Watching The Soup to help cheer me up.
Trying to find out the latest with Katie/Peter situation  hmmm
trying to find photos from this pre-halloween photoshoot... but i didn't have my sideburns did 
trying to find rubber boots for outdoor school but my mom whon't buy me what i want 
Trying to find some real down to earth people . . .  It's such a hard task 
trying to find something for delivery that I can manage to eat...I really really REALLY hate being sick-poo poo poo! 
trying to find something to do 
Trying to find something to wear tonight! 
was just enjoying toast and coffee and would b going to watch BB live feed - C4 are poo.   #bb10 #thisisdavina
Was just fed chocolate ice cream from her 6 year old cousin, cherry latis is disgusting! 
Was just in a wreck. Getting real sore now. It was their fault and they didn't have insurance. Was planning to go to the wedding tonight 
was just notified of IWB user group meeting this afternoon @ district. And I rode my bicycle to work today can't do 9 miles in 10 minutes 
Was just reminded that it is back to work tomorrow 
Was just told Ed Hardy is currently our number one seller for women on DrJays.com. Don't shoot the messenger @themegatrondon 
was keen on the town idea until it became apparent i lived in the Arctic...and had no crew  shattered
Was kinda looking forward to going to Cebu. 
was late for work today cause my cat decided to pee on my work clothes. wonderful. and marianas trench is sold out. also wonderful. 
was late to work 
Was late to work, so stayed behind an extra hour to compensate.. we were short people for closing  got home at 1:15am. LOL
Was late today, due to construction!!!      tGif...
Was listening to Lauryn Hill-I Got Find Peace of Mindhttp://tinyurl.com/cwaghl and my IPod died.  
was looking forward to climbing Pacaya volcano this weekend but it looks like it won't happen. And I thought Id forever love the rain 
Was looking forward to going flying &amp; changing his last name to Cruise, but the weathers appalling so it's a no go. Gutted. Revision 
was looking forward to the skyping with Bejing this morning 
Was looking in the mirror while brushing my teeth, pulled out at least 5 gray hairs then noticed at least 10 more!  I just turned 24, wtf?
was mad @lilmarshmellow last night! 
was made a big mistake  http://plurk.com/p/yqjp3
Wow, It's hot today! I need a job closer to my house 
WOW, it's Monday again     gOoD mOrNiNg EvErY1!!!!!
wow, its quite sad when you put it like that  i'm gonna miss it all really..
Wow, it's really hot, no breeze though o.O my dog's gone blind 
Wow, I've clicked EVEERRRYYYY one of these damn live feed links for E3 and they all FAIL. FAIL! FAIL! FAIL! *goes back to working* 
wow, just got back from a blind date, why do I even bother  wasnt feeling it at ALL!couldnt wait to get out of there.
wow, just heard HIS surname&amp;felt like I couldn't breath, dumbest moment evah!, embarrasing, I like him so much!&lt;3 but do i know him? NO! 
wow, just went directly to a few people's twitter streams - it hit home again how many of everyone's tweets I'm not seeing!  #fixreplies
Wow, just went to get up and realized its 5AM 
Wow, kinda bothered that Jon is doing deposits now.  Apparently he keeps getting fucked out of times, but deposits are SO hard for me  
Wow, lots of replies on &quot;Sex Grease&quot; lube. I've ordered it thru Amazon vendors, but last bottles I got smelled bad, like they'd spoiled. 
Wow, mosquitoes in the backyard suck.  So does coughing myself half to death in the middle of the night and keeping Cassidy awake too. 
Wow, my bed is SO comfy &amp; my nap has been much too short. Getting up for work = do not want. 
wow, my hearts and flowers project looks really nice  too bad its just a rough draft  i still have apush questions and gatsby...
Trying to find somewhere nearby to go see &quot;In The Loop&quot;; looks like its not on outside London. 
Trying to find the name of another song that goes with the bass line of Jason Mraz's &quot;I'm Yours&quot;.. unsuccessful so far 
Trying to find the presser about Jarmons incident. 
Trying to find the subway grating that marilyn monroes dress flew up on, not having very good luck 
Trying to find Twitter friends! 
Trying to finf the new paolo nutini album its fuckin impossible to find 
trying to finish an assignment for researach methods 
Trying to finish an essay! Then has to go to work! fml 
Trying to finish college work he's had for months!! 
Trying to finish my Mother's Day stuff!!!    Too much to do and not enough time to do it!!
Trying to finish my thesis   I want to be in bed before 3am, but this hasn't happened in about a week and 1/2, so why start now, right?
trying to finish packing. Sooooo tired. rehearsal and stuff tomorrow. eowyn is sick so probably no flower girl 
trying to finish the update!!!  But firefox is &quot;not responding&quot; ! i hate when it does that...
trying to finish these darn reviews!!!!!! Just don't ahve time at work 
trying to finish this paper 
trying to fix a 1TB lacie drive... blue light keeps blinking and it wont mount on desktop. #hardware trouble 
Trying to fix iPod. It froze. 
trying to fix my broked heart, i just miss you... 
Trying to fix my laptops battery.  It's not charging right.
Trying to fix my nose ring  I dont want to take it out!! anyone how how to get rid of that horrible bump next to it??
trying to fix my phone         fail
Trying to fix my pokemonz 
Trying to fix my sunglasses with glue. Both my favorite big ass white pairs are broken! 
Trying to fix my windows mail and microsoft outlook accounts... 
trying to fix the feeds. 
trying to fix the quality on this one  http://bit.ly/W4E9k   @NKOTB on @enews in case you missed it
Trying to focus on some reading, can't maintain concentration.  I think I'm going to struggle this week.
trying to follow @misschellekay but its not working 
trying to follow shia labeouf....But I dont know who the real one is 
trying to free up space on lappie and external 
trying to get a video up today but ultimately failing ... sorry people 
Was ment to be goin pub but not goin now  gonna cheer myself up and watch The Mighty Boosh! Cnt wait for the Pocket Book Of Boosh tobe out
Was not a good day     Hope tomorrow is a better day.
was not able to plurk yesterday. KPdown nanaman  ohayou minna! [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/xa1h5
was not able to satisfy her hot pot craving today  http://plurk.com/p/12er78
was not allowed at the boys club 
was not successful in the hunt for waterproof sox 
Was not won tonight    try again tomorrow night, same time, same place, same prize &amp; #'s.  Best of luck everyone and have fun fun fun.
Was offered $300 worth of tattoos for his fixed gear. 
Was officially free as of 3p.m. today!! Time to get my summer on!! Not as happy as i thought I'd be  but I'm sure it'll pass!!
was on a dangerous mission in a dream.  bit my lip in my sleep.  it's all puffy.  ouch.  happy saturday all of y'alls
was on hold with IRS for 28 minutes...got through, then my call was dropped! Time to start over again. 
Was on my way for an iPhone 3GS at 4am when T's alternator broke.... Sat on the expressway for 45 minutes... Finally got here at 7 
was on set of Entourage today !! will post a pic: I didn't get to work  but I watched !!
Was on the phone to @MrMungus when lightening struck right near to my bus and buggered my signal. Weather's actually getting quite bad. 
Was on the phone with #alice again this morning; they sent out a new splitter on Tuesday, but my DSL still drops out every few minutes. 
Was on tv, 
Was online after a longtime on gtalk &amp; every1 popped up with &quot;how come u r online ?&quot; instead of a &quot;hi&quot; message 
was out for running, just 1 hour but toally tired.. 
Was out tanning in our boat today and the weather was beautiful  think I might have gotten a little too much sun as well 
Was out 'till 2 and not even feeling it. I can still smell the garlic. 
Was out till 5 this mornin!! Hungover 
was outside 4 like 4 hrs tryin 2 get a tan. but its not a very noticable difference 
Was outside playing ball with dogs, now all hot and sweaty 
Was Phil Spectors twitter an elaborate (ish) hoax? 
Was planning on a nap, but 18yr old son is home for lunch from college with a mate and they have music blaring and are playing pool 
Wow, my Twitter background is gone!  I wonder where it went?  I guess I'll have to get a new one?
wow, mycloset.ro has just announced me that delivery is due in 15!!! days--I get my orders from London faster than that 
Wow, new Chelsea kits are horrible 
Wow, not happy with the #pens tonight. We're better than this. 
wow, okay...randomly, just now, really wanted to play 4-player Starfox 64 on a big-screen tv with pals from college.  I miss that. 
Wow, overslept by about an hour and a half. Woke up still feeling sick too. 
Wow, people really do say some interesting stuff on twitter.  Working on homework ... still 
wow, punishments are so stupid. 
Wow, sent an email to @internode yesterday with my questions about signing up, and they STILL haven't got back to me 
wow, so much PETA hate.  people: chill!!!
Wow, so this is gonna turn out to be the crappiest weekened ever. I'm sick so I can't go to bread and honey, AND i smell. 
Wow, Steve-O went crazy basically. That was sad. 
wow, stupid car is dead, AGAIN!  good morning to me
Wow, Sunday is almost over -- 
wow, sunset was totally dead today. and no one comes on the slides when im guarding. BAHAHAHAHA. sad 
Wow, that hurt  thanks alot, here goes another wreckless night of thought. BYE. fml.
wow, the closet from paris is amaziing! i want to have these clothes too 
Trying to get all of my work done so that I can actually enjoy my vacation to CA that I leave for on Tuesday.  Too much to do!!!  
trying to get all the wire I need from one seller, and it's not working out  found yet another seller. hopefully this one works.
Trying to get around to a busy day, have to see the dentist later.  
Trying to get back on the famous right track after some unusual weeks  - meanaing I've postponed lots of work 
Trying to get buy-in from management on unit testing. This shouldn't be this hard 
Trying to get caught up on everything from this past week. Wow, one busy week sure throws off the schedule. 
Trying to get colors working right in Vim. It's tough.  And, laggy typing in this text box for Twitter. &gt;.&gt;
trying to get free itunes redeem codes, likewise its not working... 
trying to get git working for all the app today was the only thing to show for.. 
trying to get in contact with stacy but can't seem to find my fin' blackberry 
Trying to get in the studio, but the damn flu is screwing up my schedule... Album release date most certainly postponed... 
trying to get into the groove of studying  heeelllppppp meeeeeeee
Trying to get it moving...Daddy's out of town 2day  Gonna go chk out @courageous @ 10 &amp; make my way back home w/ a stop @DestinyMetro
Trying to get it moving...Daddy's out of town 2day  Gonna go chk out @courageous @ 10 &amp; make my way back home w/ a stop @DestinyMetro #fb
trying to get java working with crossover 8 
Trying to get motivated to work!! 
Trying to get motivated. Too rainy for walking, &amp; so dark I've had to put the lights on. Having to spend money on road tax &amp; phone bill 
Trying to get moving but can't 
Trying to get my cousin to go to IMATS with me so I don't have to go alone. Amanda is going to Hawaii that weekend 
Trying to get my dad to take me to lunch but he won't text me back.  
Trying to get my Dell S2209W monitor to work with Ubuntu, no go   doesn't recognize monitor...can't find drivers either
Trying to get my flip video camera back to normal... 
Trying to get my name called on 102.5....Still no luck 
Trying to get my passport at Loja do CidadÃ£o in Restauradores, Lisbon. There are 10 people ahead of me. Been here for more than an hour 
was planning to go ikea for a new workstation... but is purging like mad.... 
was playing around putting in random twitter usernames. so many wasted blanks! 
Was playing Left 4 Dead, was pretty fun. Tired, long day I think I went deff from listening to, too much bass. 
Was playing SFIII over at my cousin's house and Makoto is still as hax as ever. 
was prayin to get off early but my supervisor had a hangover and got off early so that's a negative for me 
Was randomly pressin buttons on my keyboard, and now when i type certain letters show up as #'s any ideas how to change it back? 
was ready for a day of garage sale-ing with my mom but she's too sick. 
was ready to catch up with the Walker Family but they're no On Demand!  Will have to wait til I have access to the Virgin + box! 
Was really hoping for Olive Garden tonight..doesn't look like it's going to happen though! 
Was really hoping student loan would go in a day early, nothing yet! 
Was really hoping the trending topic of 'Air France' was some sort of hype regarding an album release. Instead, it's a disappeared plane 
Was really looking forward to 3.0, but now I have no internet on my iPhone 
Was really looking forward to going out but feel to ill to enjoy myself so im watching southpark with juice  stupid cold 
was really scared about the food fight that was supposed to happen today..... it didn't happen. ha ha guess i'm no looking forward to it 
was really struggling with the whole &quot;getting out of bed&quot; thing. This morning. Duty won 
was really wishing her phone would come in today 
was recently attacked my a cicada/cockaraoch hybrid that also accosted my Teddy Bear 
Was referred to as ma'am  I am getting old #premidlifecrisis
was relaxing on the beach and goin to work slowly 
was rudely awake by a thunderstorm !!!  it says no BBQ today
was running around the flat and then tripped over laptop cable. ow 
Was sad to discover that the latest version of #bidule on PC does not support columns in the UI like the latest mac version 
was scanning but the bloody thing packed up 
Was sending tweets, then noticed the &quot;something is totally wack&quot; message was on tweet chat.  #mmwanted
was sent home from work today for being ill 
Was showing my Mum how Twitterfox works.  But she's using Internet Explorer so no chance! Gonna have to be careful with my tweets now...! 
Was sick, having fever, flu, cough n sore throat throughout my trip! 
Was sitting at the stop light a sec ago and saw a woman lean out her car door to barf. 
Trying to get myself motivated to start my cardio workout for the day! 
Trying to get over the fact that this could have been great band http://bit.ly/S2H2g  split up today  Great voice!
trying to get over this cold 
trying to get phone reception  stupid oregon and its oregonness....
Trying to get pumped for a productive day, but having trouble forgetting I was strolling through Savannah this time last week. 
trying to get ready for work - storm woke me last night and I was up for hours and now I'm dragging 
trying to get rid of a headache...It is 108 degrees here, ewwwww 
Trying to get rid of a stupid virus off of our computer.  Hubby accidentally opened something ridiculous! 
Trying to get rid of this migraine 
Trying to get rid of virus on laptop that has hijacked Google...... 
trying to get sky player to load without much success ugh !! i wanna watch prison break now 
Trying to get some decent photo's out of 400 bad, dusty autocross photo's. Need to crop a lot... 
trying to get some sleep, over think things way too much and hopefully I didn't ruin a good thing 
trying to get some work done but feeling soooo tired 
Trying to get some work done not too happy about work situation 
Trying to get started with some bad latte macchiato.... und Brï¿½tchen runtergefallen... 
Trying to get the pic up   Twitter hates all of mine so far
Trying to get the size 12 plugs in my ears. It hurts!!!!! 
Trying to get the twitter app on facebook to work, no dice 
trying to get this Twitter app going on my g1 its not working though  help me
Trying to get this update for my iPhone. It's supposed to be available today and I can't find it!!! 
Trying to get tired enough to go back to bed 
Trying to get to church this morning. I don't feel well 
trying to get to my 350th update before i go to bed this is my 322nd update and its 11:20p.m. and still had no dinner 
Trying to get to sleep but mum is blaring Les Mis really loudly in the sitting room 
trying to get to sleep in this humidity is going to be hell 
Trying to get twitter widget to update on my website. I use squarespace, and I cant figure it out 
trying to get up 
was sleeping, but i'm definitely not anymore. there's nothing worse than this 
was sleepy and drowsy . . . .  i dont feel to good  girlie stufff sucks . . . . chatting with my girls
Was sleepy, now is awake. Can't win. I wanna play WoW but geoffles is using his mac 
was slightly dissapointed with the ice cream, not as much topping as last time 
Was so close to Canada but didn't get to go there 
Was so dam high yesterday and now going to work and it fucking sucks 
Was so excited about the move, so why am I all of a sudden feeling crazy apprehensive 
Was so excited for Shane to be back on SYTYCD. His routines didn't do it for me tho. Too bad.  New girl Stacey kilt it! lol
was so lazy to go out today that i just hibernated in my bedroom...unproductive day 
was so shock that Singapore's first case of swine flu is here..  http://plurk.com/p/whaw1
Was so sick the last 2 days Not making any videos until Friday 
Was so sunny d past few days nd now its just RAINING! 
Was speaking to Gillian -- got beaten up and thrown back into work for it!  *Sad Face*
Was stood up for breakfast!  but had the best omlet ever! Asparagus and proscuitto!
Was stupid and bought RAM without making sure it was compatible..... doesn't fit 
was sunbathing 2 minutes ago.....it's raining now 
was super sick three hours ago...Now feeling great. Too bad I called in sick already... 
Was supposed to be doing Autism training but they told me to go home, I was so upset. 
Was supposed to be going to scarecrow festival and duck race, but the weather's rubbish. Probably Morrisons now instead. 
was supposed to do Wii Active today but my neck is SO sore!  taking a rest day, back @ it tomorrow. going to play some tennis tomorrow too
was supposed to get my license today, but im not. 
Was supposed to go dancing tonight,staying home again.....  !
Was supposed to go to San Pedro Ports O Call all day but just called my daddy and he said weather is not nice enough 
was supposed to go to work at 5 in the morning not 5 in the evening 
Was supposed to go too lost paradise today but had to cancel damn dust  I'd be swimming in mud if I went!
Was supposed to leave work @ 1 today, but just now leaving at 330 
Was supposed to start a week of cardio in morning and strength training at night, but already missed cardio  but I did start eating right
Was supposed to study for upcoming exam but end up with watching 17 again 
Wow, the month &quot;May&quot; completely slipped my mind. My vacation just got pushed back 31 days 
wow, the most recent group addition of ppl i follow makes me look like an extreme geek/fangirl.  *shudder* 
Wow, the new Google icons suck   http://bit.ly/z7JIE
Wow, the one night I go to bed early, my man @donniewahlberg does a Twitter marathon 
Wow, the OVI Store sisx file that @MickyFin linked to works - Nokia Users http://bit.ly/110dUB Nokia Font Magnifier still don't   Why!!?
wow, the weather can change so much in so little time, 
wow, there are a LOT of awful people in the world.  this needs to be stopped...NOW
Wow, there's so much to read on Twitter when you're not online for 24 hours 
Wow, this class got wild quick...  functions are a butt...  
Wow, this sux. I cant even sleep on my day off. Been up since 4 
Wow, this Vista upgrade is seriously sucking. And I don't even think it's Vista's fault, for once. Infinite hardware problems. 
Wow, today was pretty good until I got home. Maybe I need to start working late more. 
Wow, totally hitting the wall here, so much for not being THAT hungover 
wow, town is deader than usual 
Wow, was cold up in Lancefield for first day of 3 day cycling tour!  Next 2 days even colder and maybe wet 
Wow, was I busy today! I was at the gym from 10am until 6pm! Missed the whole nice day 
Wow, work can you be any more boring!  currently sitting in the pharmacy reading.
Was supposed to visit the apple basecamp yesterday but not this time 
Was supposeddd to hang out with al but her mommy wont let her  now what to dooo? Blah. Hahaha
Was supposwd to see The Proposal but the 1st theater had no power and then the other cinema was sold out! 
Was taking a ride in the scooter and it got a flat  WHOMP whomp
was talking to villi until he fell asleep on me 
Was tempted to trawl through Flickr and tag people's photos with &quot;spawn of satan&quot; or &quot;suffer not a witch to live&quot;, but there's auditing 
Was thinking of picking up an unlocked Palm Pre in China, then I found out it won't work on UK networks 
Was thinking of publishing my blog on the Kindle (https://kindlepublishing.amazon.com/) but they only do electronic payments to US banks 
was this a desperate cry for attention? i need to find a new addiction to replace this old, fading, tired fix.  and STOP overthinking.
Was told by doc  that I have mild arthrities of my knee and to give trekking a miss  Sigh! will get a 2nd opinion before I really give up!
was told via text there were brownies on the stove but all I see is an empty pan that HAD brownies in it...they were mint ones too!  
was too lazy this morning to workout  no my conscience is bothering me. U know what I have to do now right????
Was too tired to take the third subject test in spanish. Ttyl columbia.  ...sup Northwestern?
was trapped in his house today 
was tricked by Wen -there still isn't Internet! So mean 
Was tryin to stay up and wait on my babe phone call he is takin to long he probably went to sleep 
was trying to delete one update and ended up deleting them all 
was trying to go to a wedding today, but i wasn't invited...): my old peeps forgot about me 
was trying to watch Friday The 13th ON-Demand then it went out 
was unpleasantly awakened 
Was unseccessful on finding wheels at B&amp;R 
Was up all night. Bringing my mom to the hospital this morning, finally. 
Was up all night. Really wish I could just sleep in. 
Was up early to work. Soooo glad i did, got lots done. Takin the pooch to the vet now for booster 
Was up looking for the iPhone 3.0 software , sources say 1pm est 
Wow,2day is such a gloomy day  thinkin positve, I'm madd sore from the gym, but I feel pretty sexy right now haha, stay productive er'one!
wow.  I can't help but feel that this is ALL my fault. I'm so sorry Nate. for everything.. &lt;33
Wow. &quot;Up&quot; won't be released in the UK until OCTOBER? That's... a long time from now 
Wow. . . . . . 
Wow. A lot of lurkers @ DD365. 
Wow. All of a sudden the exhaustion has hit me. Weekend's half over already  BEDTIME! Pleasant dreams!
Wow. Both younger siblings had their wisdom teeth removed this week. That's rough. 
Wow. Bullshit. Xbox gets Raiden and PS3 gets Snake. 
Wow. Deal has a 3% Freshness rating on Rotten Tomatoes. My poor bb, Bret. 
Wow. Defiance is really sad. Jews hiding in the woods to get away from Germans during the Holocaust. 
wow. drunk, SUCH A FUNNY NIGHT.  i love my friends so much (L) it really saddens me that i'm not gonna see them as much next year  &lt;3
Wow. Forgot how boring summer is when you don't play video games. I have too much free time. 
Wow. Gary Papa died. That is really terrible news, I always liked him.  Unhappy friday...
Wow. Great night! Broadway for paddy and allyssas grad night and last night  now to work in 7 hours
Wow. Headache + my dad's loud music + my gma's loud telvision is not a good mix 
Was up wit dee parentss deez days ma momz is going out too 
was v/chatting with @jochangnj but @robaan stole her  and i really do thing @katiespence should go on aim... that is all.
Was very excited about the Airbus company store http://www.airbus-shop.com/ Until I realized everythings in Euros. Sad day. 
Was waiting on clothes to finish dry to go to sleep and now I can't even pick myself up to go to sleep! Lazy much!! 
Was waken up by my daddy but forgot to say happy fathers dad  Mrs. Joe Jonas
was war heute blos los mit der Cablecom. 
Was watchin disney n @Jonasbrothers show was on, gotta say dey shld just stick w/ singin..Dey dont noe how 2 act sorry..it was terrible 
Was watching old episodes of outrageous fortune last night and missed the new 1. And gbpvr rec service was stopped  anyone have a torrent?
was watching one of my favorite classic movies-Big Momma's House but getting ready to finish watching &quot;Farrah's Story&quot; online..pretty sad 
Was watching Up! but the film broke so the movie stopped.  Bummer.
Was watching youtube shit, but now im smoking a cigarette outside and thinking about someone  its cold.
was with adam j. today...yesturday was so SHOCKING! with Ian now 
Was with vanessa today went down memory.  ran errands. Stopped by one yr house saw crazy ass Jamar &amp; Marcell &amp; 5 other nigguhs.coo.lol!!!
Was woken several times during the night...first the kid, then the dog! 
Was woken up by my screamin lil nefuew 
Was woken up by sirens that lasted 10 minutes, meep. Hope nothing awful has happened  Watching SFTW in bed with a cuppa now. So sleepy...
was woken up by the door bell 
was wondering why my phone is oddly silent for today? just found out its off...  how will i live???
Was working most of the weekend  But got out for a short Kayak trip to Islan Eddy yesterday.
Was worried last night... Am still worried today.... Even if u r right beside me... I still can't help worrying.. 
Wasabi is recovering from surgery  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6121231
Wow. I actually got myself tickets to a cricket match. England vs WI. 2nd ODI. What does that mean? I have no one to go with. 
Wow. I almost killed us. My night blindness has gotten the best of me 
Wow. I am incredibly early for class. If anyone feels like entertaining me during class....DO WORK and TEXT! 
Wow. I am really sick and have been since last night  I hope I'm ok 
wow. i am so tired. wish i could sleepin in....but i have school tomorrow 
wow. i am starving. still at work 
wow. i can't believe it....im graduating tomorrow =O  i dont want to leave yet lol 
wow. i cant text more that 3 people at a time. i am just not that skilled. 
wow. i CRAVE boba, badly! 
Wow. I didn't know it was past 11pm already. :| I still have training tomorrow. 
Wow. I feel absolutely awful this morning. I've got the shakes and moving anything is painful. Swine Flu 2.0? 
Wow. I guess today is my last real day (instructional day not an exam) as a teacher for a while. Makes me sad. 
Wow. I have 122 &amp; emails to go through and review. 3 buildouts needed and I need to go over 12 sites in development. What a Monday. 
wow. i haven't gone a night without talking to you in a long time..... it isn't fun.  &lt;3333
wow. i haven't tweeted in 10 hours. i'll try to do better tomorrow. 
Wow. i havnt twitter in a while. i feel so... empty 
Wow. I just realized it's 5 am and I still have some guitar parts I want to record  I guess I'll finish them tomorrow...
wow. i knocked out around 11 last night and i just woke up. its still so early! and damn, i'm hella soooooooree!! 
Wow. I ran into the wall while getting chased by my nephews. 
Wow. I really don't want to leave 
wow. i sent a billion twitter updates from vacation and they never sent  boo
Wow. I should never be drunk again. I fell off a ledge : Wow. I should never be drunk again. I fell off a ledge 
Wow. I still have a headache 
Wow. I think my trip to Target killed my flowers.   http://twitpic.com/7ur3k
wow. ima get to these replys is a sec but boi o boi is this &quot;Brand New&quot; hittin home right ab now. sheeeesh drizzy  what a tangled web...
Wow. Its about to go down out here. And I have no umbrella.  Sucks!
Wow. Its been 35 years since we have been to the moon. Thats depressing   35 years, wasted. Blows my mind..
Wasent On 4 Some Time Cuz I Was qrounded 
Washed all my brushes last night..but since it' s freeeeezing her in SF, they didn't dry.  Today is finger application galore!!!
Washed hands with new handsoap and now said hands smell of ballpoint pen ink  constantly thinking my pen exploded on them.
washed his mobile phone in the washing machine and now it doesn't work 
washed my last dog for today dog sitter is a terrible lol 
washed the van and cleaned the lights, looks clean now , but my car is still dirty 
Washing clothes 
washing clothes and playing with my lovely dog Oscar.... There some homework to do... 
Washing dishes or twittering, I know which I'd rather do, but sadly also know which I have to do!  Back soon...
Washing her hair,she hates her own hair style 
Washing machine has beaten me  I tried @philomathickat! Looks like plumber tools needed 
washing machine is broken  !!!! one is not amused lol
Washing machine not working properly  that's all I need ...
Washing out now. Made tea. Got milk from clean fridge but opened cutlery draw to discover daughter spilled coffee in it  Shut draw and ran
Washing the blue out of my head 
Washing the car.  lol
washing the dishes 
Washing windows while Kevin squeegies the water out of the basement, drain is clear to the tune of 100 bucks 
washroom incident.  bottom floor laudry room not working while in mid cycle 
wasnt able to get Blink-182 tickets...i am...kinda...freaking out. 
wasn't able to join his friends AGAIN because he slept late 
wasn't able to tweet all day long!twitter was so slow! did it happed to u too??? PS:i'm not from China! (sorry 4 chinese ppl 
Wasnt able to wake up on time. I hate timezone diffs. 
wasnt feelin it today. my ipod flew off on the treadmill when i got at .6 miles. ruined my timing and i didnt feel like getting back on 
Trying to get used to getting home later with new job.By time home i have no energy for gym.Must seriously rectify as feeling podgy 
Trying to go to bed earlier so i wont be so tired at 6:30 tomorrow morning... but of course its still light outside.... 
trying to go to bed up early...its gonna be hard to sleep because i feel guilty about being a bitch  im sorry i can't help it tho
Trying to go to campus for summer ball derig, but the pixiemobile is failing us 
Trying to go to sleep but having wicked insomnia the last 2 Nights 
Trying to go to sleep but no luck  I think i'm sick... =S
Trying to go to sleep, but its just not working. Ughh 
Trying to go to sleep..I hate when my head hurts so bad I can't think  Gnightt
Trying to hang my tv wall mount. Keyword: trying. Gonna be a long night.     No powertools. 
trying to hatch a shiny seedot using masuda method in Pt. so far: 35 hatched, no shiny.  (hatching 5, then SRing)
trying to have a group convo on msn...but the third person aint tlking so its poitnless 
trying to install the sims 3 , i dont have a video card that has this pixel mode 2.0 
Trying to install Windows 7 via Parallels via Boot Camp... not going too well at the moment 
trying to install x64 oracle 10gR2 client on Win2003x64  any suggestions?
Trying to juggle melons! I keep dropping it! Ugh! It's heavyish tho! 
Trying to keep busy to stop thinking about how I won't see my Chris till next Sunday 
Trying to keep from crying...getting my toes done and i think one of them is sprained! She's hurting me 
trying to keep my dog from torturing a poor toad 
Trying to keep my eyes open. Woke just before 2am, couldn't get back to sleep until gone 6am... woken by the baby at 7am 
Trying to keep my keys open. I'm sooo sleepy. And I have another sinus headache to boot! 
trying to keep my mind off the books I din't get to buy, and won't be able to read to prepare for my class on Thursday. 
Trying to keep up with the Perez/Will i am fued   xxxx
Trying to keep warm!!! Brrrrrr!!! Thoughts are with Phumza &amp; her family today 
trying to knock myself out with Tylenol PM.. learning to sleep alone tonight... 
Trying to knock together a CoreData app. I have loads of ideas, but not enough ability to write them straight off 
trying to last until the kids go to bed at 7pm - can't wait for the silence - got a head cold brewing 
Trying to learn chemistry 
Wasn't interested in her anyway. Getting shot down by women in foreign countries.  Good times 
wasnt kent at all, goodle liiiesss staying in the coach with no windows for 1hour and half  yesssss season ticket north lower
wasnt like this yesterday 
Wasn't quick enough to get a ticket for DemoCamp 21  
Wasn't quite sure how to respond to the homophobia at work while talking about daylesford and brokeback mountain 
Wasssssup tweeeeet peeps??? talk 2 me!!!! Bored out my mind. Should be doin sum HW 
Wassup my tweeps. afta 5am. Hvnt been twittin n now I know why.... Cuz my birdie ass is sick from the workload. @LuBrown this sucksssss 
wassup tweets....bout to head to 34th and pick up some  black pants...work uniform done changed up  MeL~
wasted an entire day.  Back to work tomorrow 
Wasted and I have class at 8am  wasted
Wasted and missing/wanting someone. This isn't fair anymore 
Wasting my life away at the MAC Shack. 
wasting my time just at home 
wasting so much time trying to get internet access 
wasting some time and avoiding real life at the moment, sick of school work and still have more too do 
wasting time on facebook. Don't particularly wanna go to work on my day off 
wasting time, bored... Should study but really don't feel like it 
wat a bitter end to a great NBA season 
wat a horrible day it is today  irish summer this is it
wat to do 4 my bday wknd ??!! HELP !! veey aye is soooo BORING !! i miss ATL !! 
trying to learn CSS. I need better concentration and memory. i have memory of an 80 year old person  lol
trying to learn how the kidneys work 
Trying to learn Korean  --- Failing      @GraceSunshine would laugh ?
trying to leave my ego at the door.... 
Trying to lick a cold before getting back into regular beer tasting 
Trying to Listen to kid cudi in sound tent. Acoustics aren't so good. 
Trying to listen to music that'll cheer myself up. but all my iPhone wants to play is music I can relate to. This shit is depressing 
Trying to listen to my iPod at 20% volume. No trace of sound. I must be deaf! 
Trying to log onto silkroad online, not having much luck all the server are full 30 severs each holing 3500 all fucking full !! FFS 
trying to look after back today.  Was crippled with back pain last night and couldn't get up from sofa without difficulty.  
Trying to look up and price these books @CoachBilal recommended, but Amazon.com is trippin' 
Trying to make a video of my daughters play and the software is being stuborn or my P.C.- LOL 
trying to make an account for oceanup, but its not letting me  help?
Trying to make it to breakfast, but I don't see it happening. 
Trying to make it to work, just leg is killing me...  
trying to make Photobooth work and failing epically 
Trying to make the facebook fan  http://virl.com/ce82c  connetion is testing my happiness  #fb
Trying to make the last week of school the best. HIGH SCHOOL = 
trying to make twitter work - which isnt hapenningg!!  
Trying to manipulate some data directly in the db for #sugarcrm for a client  Not happy Jan...
trying to master &quot;hard&quot; on rockband2.  Stupid 5th button 
trying to master a grade 6 drum piece! First bar down (after a long time) and now like 50 more to go 
Trying to move a calendar from Outlook 2007 to iCal on Leopard, not a straightforward job 
Wat up ppl,wasnt secret life of a american teenager so good but wat a sad ending poor grace!  
Wat up, K? Wishing I was in charlotte.  (via @kmrobey)
WAT! I go to change my stepdad's ringtone and all my loves left  Where'd you go!!!
Watch bloopers from So noTorious. I loved this show. 
Watch channel 5 !! Is freaking me out  WHERE IS DOMO !!
Watch half of &quot;Taking Lives&quot; then no one wants to watch anymore and i'm scared to watch by myself.  But i want to. Should I.
watch me run into every cute guy on campus while i'm dressed like a slob b/c that's how it always happens. 
Watch the Belmont Stakes and lost. Try try again. 
Watch the Earth disappear  http://bit.ly/137A2c
Watch the new Star Trek. It is not a pure sci fi, more to action movie. I give only 3/5. Not g33k enough. 
Watch this! ROWDY PEOPLE! http://bit.ly/71uNj I think it's calming down though 
Watch your favourite TV shows on PC anytime, even at work! Visit http://bit.ly/xuBPvG ^^Moving out and leaving Wallace 
trying to move my head between pottering-about mode and back-to-work mode. we have a problem...(and opening e-mail hasn't just helped) 
trying to multi task but I'm over here getting ready to lose my freaking mind... ugh 
Trying to muster up motivation to get ready 4 work.  Hard to do when I know I have to work last tonight 
trying to not lose my mind while studying for three finals for tomorrow...ugh 
Trying to order o2 broadband. Please enter a valid last name &quot;van Dyke&quot;, &quot;That is not a valid last name&quot;. O RLY? I'm not valid!! 
Trying to organize a secret party for hubby but it's hard when you share bank accounts  he's not on twitter thou so he'll never know
Trying to organize apps on the iPhone is such a PITA 
trying to pack for holiday, got to leave tomoz at 5am!! 
trying to pack this disaster of an office... 
trying to paint but it's not working 
trying to paint my nails with little success cause Nathan keeps messing them up... ugh 
trying to pass the last 3 hrs of the working day 
Trying to patch WoW and the patch I need is on #gamearena but their sucky servers time out on download... 
Trying to play with lucy but have got belly ache and feel sick  glad im at the doctors tomz
trying to play wow and the server wont let me on UGH 
Trying to post an update at Scarlett-Fan but it's loading so slow 
Trying to prepare for my final exam before my little trip to Wyoming (: but whats up with Hannah Montana when im trying to study? 
Trying to print my photos at school, but they are not turning out. fricken a, they're late enough already! Missing Mel like Crazy.. 
Trying to print out an apology letter to a school 
Trying to pry my eyes open. Have to work today 
Trying to pull an all nighter but threres no1 to txt 
TRYing to purchase Plants vs Zombies through Steam, but the store page is just blank when I go to checkout 
trying to put a pic on my profile but it wont let me omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
trying to put a picture on my twitter or trying to change the background but it keeps saying there was a problem with your picture 
trying to put beetlejuice back in his cage, but he wont let go for anything.  poor beetle misses his mommy.
Trying to put JONAS - Fashion Victim on iPod but going really slow!!  &lt;3
Watch!ng a v!deo w!t the class and bummed about ton!te, guess a reschedule w!ll have to do 
watched &quot;dreamer&quot; last night with my girls. i never cried during sad movies until i had kids. 
watched &quot;Marley and Me&quot; earlier today .. made me very emotional  great movie .. not usually an Owen Wilson fan but I liked this movie alot
watched &quot;paparazzi&quot; 20 times today. hella jeluz~gaga makin out with hottie viking skarsgardsshi 
watched &quot;star trek&quot; with my sister last night..the movie finished at nearly 2:30am..look what I've got! a pair of freaking eyebags!! 
Watched &quot;The International&quot;, what a letdown 
Watched a home movie mad me sad last time I saw grandma Tate 
Watched a sad-ending episode of NCIS and then a sad-ending episode of Friends. Feeling kinda blue now 
watched a Sean Connery007 2nite....aside from that, feeling alot of 'spiritual energies',hmm. odd. Oh-just heard of Carradine. 
watched a sts dvd of old photos and home movies..so im going to sleep on a nostalgic, sentimental, wishing, missing, and saddening note 
watched angels and demons just now. was good, but somehow even w/o reading the book, i kinda guessed the ending and the villians... 
watched beavis and butt-head instead of doing something productive. i am a shit. 
trying to put xp back on laptop and having major difficulty and i dont know why 
trying to reach my goal of getting 50 followers, not feeling it to day 
Trying to read for the exams!! 
trying to read in the office. But i can barely get through one page. 
trying to record a decent vocal sample .... not happening... silly hayfever.... 
trying to re-count my prints in my head, and I cant remember 
Trying to recover Cindy's MacBook. Filesystem seems to be corrupt. Ubuntu live to the rescue. Hope it will work 
Trying to recover from Reconstructive Knee surgery and do Sociology homework at the same time 
Trying to recover photos after a problem between Windows and my XD card. Result: shots are all half visible  damn Microsoft...
Trying to recover. Back to work tomorrow 
Trying to reinstall Win Vista on my cousins' laptop...... without success 
Trying to relax away this headache 
trying to relax my back right now as it still hurts 
Trying to remember the title of a book I read years ago. Can't recall anything specific enough to find it using Google.  
Trying to reorganize plans for tonight uggg  Hopefully it will still be lots 'o fun!
Trying to repair the washing machine now as it's just flooded the utility room 
trying to resist the urge to go buy a new iphone today....i need to save my money for my austin trip over 4th of july...ahh sooo tempting 
trying to restore ipod but cant. 
Trying to retrieve the last few issues form my MAC after it melted down on me 
Trying to revise for maths  i hate it...
trying to revise for physics :| who created revision 
Trying to rock out in the car with MM and she keeps turning the radio down. Its hard having a kid more mature than you 
Trying to rub my back. It rly hurts 
Trying to run FireWatir on IronRuby. No success till now... 
trying to save my old post 
trying to save the life of newborn bird whose mother seems to have left. the 2 other ones died  this ones a trooper.
trying to set me up on twitter. I am a little bit scrambled 
Trying to set up Xbox Live and failing tremendously...brain ache 
Wow. It's pouring. No run today 
wow. it's raining scary outside. 
Wow. Knew I should've gotten here early. They already sold out of Omar vinyl. They are gonna see if they can get more. 
wow. massive bruise on my leg  doing english, maths, eco, bio.
wow. mercury in retrograde. effin sucks.. My mailbox stopped working for 4 days. 
wow. my blonde is no longer blonde. more like white? i kinda like it though :') it'll dull down  did last time!
Wow. My computer is really hurting my eyes right now. This is the first time I've been online all day! 
Wow. No kobe lebron?   id rather see nuggets magic then.
Wow. NSAN to the max. 
Wow. Sad. I'm kinda over Metalhead. It's been months since I've been, but I just wasn't feelin' it.  I feel old.
Wow. Scary shit last night. I don't remember anything. 
wow. seeing some pics from last night... REALLY want to go my 3rd @nkotb show!  Wish they were coming closer! Hubby would kill me if I fly
Wow. So only 2 ppl he submitted icons for the contest. Shocked and sad, actually. That's sad. 
watched Caddy Shack w/the family.had to fast forward a couple of scenes.get to work tomorrow.   last one. 
Watched 'Chocolate' in theatre today...ws thinking of other worse decisions, but clearly this was amongst the top!  imdb 2 be blamed too!!
watched 'control' last night. waagh. how sad  take things too seriously...
Watched Dead na si Lolo. So funny. But behind those laughs i felt really sad. Suddenly, I miss my tatay so much 
Watched deal or no deal, what a crap ending  Gonna start prepping tonights show! 11pm - www.offthechartradio.co.uk
Watched ELEW perform at the Crown Bar in West Hollywood.  So good. Spotted Chris Pine (the new Capn' Kirk!).  His butt brushed my elbow. 
watched ep 5 o smile, ep 6 is going to be so sad 
Watched Event Horizon again. Am fucking terrified. I don't want to be alone 
Watched FA cup, managed to miss both goals  gettin drinks. Ah well. Lions won, so hope Wales can give Canada a good thrashing
WATCHED FINISHED HEROESIII! walao i cant' wait till next season 
watched Hatchet. Great slasher flick. Lots of gore and fun. Now watching My Name Is Bruce. Not as fun as I want it to be so far. 
watched i am sam, and i criedd 
Watched Keith @ work for a bit..super boring. He was working near my parents house. Have to go junk my Taurus tomorrow.  I loved that car
TRYING to sign up with twitter. Having a hard time. 
Trying to sing right now but my throat is in so much pain that it's definitely not going to happen. 
Trying to sing Someday by Nickleback good song My birthday is Saturday ill be 19 say good bye to 18  my age was becoming my best friend !
Trying to sleep  sunburn o sunburn why do thy do this to me?
trying to sleep .. woke up to pee .. not tired anymore  .. i should never go to bed before 12 ..
trying to sleep ; i hate insomnia  the night is so lonely - cheer me up nd call me or bbm :: 31b381a9
Trying to sleep but cant  gonna be soo tired tomorrow at school i'll keep on yawning
Trying to sleep but i canÂ´t!!! 
Trying to sleep but I can't 
Trying to sleep but I can't  #fb
Trying to sleep isn't happening, big ol' revision day ahead of me tmoz 
Trying to sleep without being cuddled up to my boo 
trying to sleep. trying being the operative word. 
Trying to sleep.......But I jus canï¿½t!!!!  
Trying to sleep....but I just canï¿½t!!!!  
Trying to sleep...but I can't. 
trying to sleep...too much on my mind so it's not going too well   o well off to try again hope everyone has a great week! swt dreams xoxo
trying to solve a bug [IE7 ] from last  one hr 
Trying to sort out my spazed out hair! 
trying to speak. lost my voice from this stupid cold  or maybe its swine flu!!! argh
trying to spot lebron  no luck
trying to startmy e mail account info@mobile-laibspeise.de    does not work 
Trying to stay awake i feek yucky  
Trying to stay awake to go watch The Proposal with the girls from work. Ummmm would rather watch The Hangover again but majority rules 
trying to stay out of the way and hold my head straight. I slept wrong and have a horrible crick in my neck...no looking to the left 
trying to stay up :s on a school niight its 1 44 idk but i get tired when theres school next day and i think im gettin sick  swine flu :O!
Trying to stop ignoring the tragedy unfolding before meâ€¦ 
trying to stop my eyes from overly watering because of onions I peeled over 2 hours ago 
trying to stop myself from throwing up..UHHHH 
trying to study but i have to deal with all this stress!! i don't need this right now 
watched like all of my scooby doo episodes  only got one left ((
Watched Marley &amp; Me this morning, gets me everytime 
Watched Marley and Me with hubby tonight - omg, that's too sad at the end - have two dogs myself, cried like a baby at the end 
Watched Max Payne. More like Max Lame.  #fb
Watched McLeod's daughters at my sisters place; trying to sleep! It isn't really working. My alarm will go of 6:30 tommorow! Noooo! 
watched my bloody valentine yesterday. wow, then my friends mom scared us. it.was.not.fun.  lol
watched my bloody valentine, did our nails &amp; more last night. im'ma miss my cousins. 
Watched my music cideo's John Rich's song is almost off the countdown 
watched neda video...... wow 
watched new moon trailer and decided i will have to reread the entire series... november is so very far away 
Watched New Moon trailer. I think they'll screw it up, but'll be better than the first. Bummed that NONE of the Volturi were in trailer. 
watched old uploaded vids at Multiply. i miss my Dugyouthers... 
Watched 'Red Cliff' yesterday, GREAT movie. So well directed,if your an Artsy person, its def for you. I think im getting a cold  Boo!
Watched Requiem for a Dream with Kathlene. I forgot how depressing it was.  sad face.
Watched Sky of Love last nigh. Lace,I hate you for making me cry 
Watched Sky of Love last night. Thanks,Lace,for making me cry 
watched spelling bee dvr ran over missed the end 
Trying to study for exams -&gt; failing 
trying to study here... and i'm hating it. 
Trying to study.. Cause im pretty sure im gonna fail  but i CANT study when im thinking about so much else  UGHHHH. this is suckish
trying to study... but can't concentrate! 
trying to study..physics suck 
Trying to take a nap but my niece hasn't stopped yelling for the past hour 
trying to take it easy today and feel better. sadly, it's the last day my brother and his gf are visiting and I'm under the weather 
Trying to talk dad into going to A&amp;W rootbeer stand to eat. Mom told me try and talk him into it. But I don't think it's workin. 
Trying to talk myself into being excited about a long day at work!  
Trying to think of a Victoria comic but having trouble 
Trying to think of an excuse to stay at home tomorrow but I've used them all up. Looks like there's no avoiding the trudge to work 
Trying to think of something to do. Can't wait to go out later. I'M SO BORED! SAVE ME FROM BOREDOM! ANYONE!!! 
Trying to think of ways to save up some money for a CINCY NKOTB!!! Don't think I'll make it 
Trying to to assault the annoying christian across the table.  Leaving London for dover. 
Trying to to back to sleep 
trying to tone up for my hols, why is it i lose weight when i don't mean to and put it on when i don't want to 
trying to transfering domain and hosting of sbumc; more annoying than it should be 
Trying to tweet from twitterberry 
trying to twitter and then a spider drops from above right in front of my eyes!   Ughhhhhh-I hate spiders!!!!!! 
trying to ug from sugarcrm community to pro, no tools or guides seem to exist.... disappointing. 
trying to understand . 
trying to understand loan swaps... 
Trying to understand this Twitter thing, First Timer any1 help 
trying to understand twitter...i dont get it? whats the point? i miss facebook status updates  too many changes!!
trying to understand why bad things always seems to happend to me when things are supposedly going so well 
trying to understand why WHY i joined twitter.....everyone else was doing it i felt left out 
Watched the 3rd ep of original  BBC &quot;Brideshead Revisited&quot; miniseries. Fascinating 2 see young Jeremy Irons smile!  Missing grammers 
watched the bodyguard today! wat a great movie! i swear, every time i hear whitney houston sing, i just wanna cry  WAT A VOICE!!
watched the Bucket List. so sad 
watched the D-day speech on fox when the cable went dead.. 
Watched the end of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire on ABC and now I have this weird sad feeling. I miss Harry so much! 
Watched The Golden Compass last night, really liked it. Shame it didnt do great in America ('atheistic' themes), sequel looks unlikely 
Watched the hulk. Associate him too much w/ My bff bc watching that fight scene was like watchin eddie get beat up  no bueno hahahah
Watched the John &amp; Kate Plus 8 1 hr special last night and wow was it depressing  Hope everything turns out ok. those kids r the cutest!
watched the last 5 minutes of grey's and was bawling my eyes out awww 
Watched the mets lose today in person, got a sunburn and now watching a crappy movie. Not a fun Saturday so far 
Watched the movie UP! tonight, it was adorable. Didn't get to watch it in 3D though 
watched the season finale of SNL really funny!... but where was Andy Samburg?? 
trying to unpack all my gear back into my room at home. taking so long, and I have so much to edit/mix tonight 
trying to update #tweetdeck to get rid of the constant pop up, but it always returns an error  
trying to update my iphone but it wont work  !!! help? :S
Trying to update my iPhone, but apparently the servers are down. Awesome. 
Trying to update my ipod to OS 3.0 but ITunes store says that gift certificate processing is temporarily unavailable, try again later 
Trying to upgrade my friends OS today but the damn dvd player wont take the disc.  But i will find a solution!
Trying to upgrade to iPhone 3.0. Can not connect to activation server... 
trying to upload a new pic. but it doesnt change 
Trying to upload a pic but it won't work 
trying to upload a picture! 
trying to upload a real picture and can't 
Trying to upload my profile pic but it's not working 
trying to upload photos to Facebook is like pulling teeth, either the Java fails to initialise or the page times out. Fucking hell 
trying to upload some pics from the Fenway of the south...but can't get my sprint pics to work right now  ... grrrr
trying to uplod my pics. but i cant find the connectorr 
Trying to use cover it live to live blog the blogging while brown event. having problems   #bwb
trying to use Cubase sx3 
trying to wake up... soo tired. busy day again tomorow,,, 
Trying to watch &quot;Boys Before Flowers&quot;  . OMO ! Doki Doki scenes are making cry 
Trying to watch ANTM on the train but the reception is too sporadic 
trying to watch dvd, but dvd player is playing up 
trying to watch fast and furious 4... really cant get into it 
Trying to watch Gilmore Girls online but can only find it where I can watch 72 minutes at a time, then i have to wait 54 minutes... 
Trying to watch my girl. My computer is fucking dead though 
trying to watch the MTV movie awards, but internet is so slow .. I can't stand waiting until thursday to see it ! 
trying to watch tv online... its not workig very good 
trying to weep,but no tears 
trying to win myself an ipod shuffle.... doing badly 
TRYING to work around this mental block of hers 
trying to work now after a yummy lunch....although all consuming craving for chocolate are taking over. must revise instead.... 
trying to work out how to work this god damn thing!! 
Trying to workkkk aghhh!! Its coming to the stage where I actually NEED to work!!! 
trying to write 
trying to write a presentation on ELP for study skills and a web project for I.T. plus unable to update a profile photo, so maddening 
Trying to write a sales plan but not having much luck 
trying to write a song... can't seem to get inspired... 
Trying to write songs! Having trouble 
Trying to write this article! I'm soooo sleepy from the weekend. 
Trying to write, but not getting started... 
trying to write. writers block sucksss 
Trying Twhirl on Linux, seems working fine, but TweetDeck is not 
trying, trying, trying to fix a tech issue.  Is not working! dang it 
tryingtofind my cat 
Tryn take care of him.. Has a toothache 
tryn to figure out how to work this twitter thing ! i cant find any of mi friends.  -Syd,
Tryn to figure out y I jus woke up from a good ass sleep wtf? I cnt go bak to sleep  I'm like the onli mutha fucka on dis bytch lol
Tryna convince my best friend aka my bro bro 2 get on twitter! 'Tis not having it tho 
Tryna dnwload the beatksking app for my 3g... But there is no WiFi right now! Sonofva! &amp; I have a sick beat in my head! No Fair! 
tryna figure out where my SU diploma is? &amp; why I still have 1 blank grade...ugh  smh @ teachers....
tryna finish this essay paper 
Tryna get these damn tickets they sholl r takin they time to give em out 
Tryna go home early! Sleepy, sick, all of the freaking above! 
Tryna make a Camp Rock video. Darn Computer's running slow 
TRYNA sleep...let's see what happens...kinda hard when I have to empty my bladder every 20 mins now!!  (sigh)  
tryong to make 100 tweets. but no ones tweeting tonight 
trys to take a pic for his profile. Alarm ---&gt; Low Battery 
TRYYYYING to find a way to see david in sandiego 
t's alright it's ok.im so much better without you. 
Tsk , daddy so emo now !  HAHAHA
tsk tsk, if I can just change my dismissal on thursday and make it the same as my wed sched, then i can come to trinoma with tbs. 
tsk tsk, PEX is really slow 
TSK! Not what I wanted to see! I wanted to find out how those street magicians levitate 
tsk! tsk! 7days a week in the university... i'm regretting that i didn't take rotc last year.... 
tsk.. first case of h1n1 in dlsu. poor ahia 
tsk3. when people talks about A (H1N1).. they instantly think of DLSU.  http://plurk.com/p/yfub3
T-storms are squashing my hopes to hit the #appalachaintrail this weekend 
T-storms rest of the week.   #Morgantown
TT, What's this I hear about there being no entertainment on the front in Douglas this year, and no strippers boo hoo.. 
TTYL BB's! Off to work. 
TTYN BOWHEAD &lt;3 ill be your bff 
TUAW: Future iTunes versions could block the Pre, but why? http://bit.ly/MfApj (via @oneofus) not a good idea... 
tucked safely in bed, but missing two key parts of my life. 
Tucker Max's movie is released the day I deploy 
Tues: today was okay...I don't really like grab-n-go for some reason...i miss grill...   
Tuesday ~ aargh, how long til the weekend 
Tuesday = Monday in disguise 
Tuesday is a raining day, again 
Tuesday is sucking more and more 
Tuesday morning. Awake at sensible time. Only drawback? Head still hurting. Get up and do things, or go back to sleep?  
Tuesday morning. I wonder what the day has in store for me? Am hoping a good coffee. Seeing as our machine is broken I may not be in luck 
Tuesday night and there's alot to do but no way to get there  be patient...the first week of July I'll be rolling in a 2010 KIA Soul.
Tuesday night, I want to take a bus to Buffalo and vote for Adam and Kris, but I have units to do, so it's not gonna happen 
Tuesday? ughhh, the weekend is nowhere in sight!! 
tuesdays nights dont feel the same without my baby CHUCK! 
Tuff luck  o well gonna make my way to LGA now! Don't want to miss my flight!!!!
tuhm-dee-dhum...i miss yew laurin! 
tuition went up again today 
Tula's sick! Nausious, Nasal congestion, headache, bodyaches and my nose is running a marathon. Theraflu please help 
Tum tum hurts.  Leaving for Cherrystone in the morning!
TUMBLARITY - almostperfect: Me too  i use to bee 378 but thanks to you reblog im 200! http://tumblr.com/xwl21x6gp
Tumblarity is like Karma points. That sucks  :|
tumblr doesnt have huge ass logins anymore? 
tumblr isnt working right in my laptop 
Tumblr told me to shut up till tomorrow. 
tumblr'ing, myspacing, and now, twittering. not much to do today, boo 
Tummmyyy huuurrrttts  I want the weekend now,,
Tummy ache  &amp; I'm really tired! 2 more days this week! Agree
Tummy ache  ... watching Titanic and wishing I had ginger ale
Tummy ache  boo!
tummy ache  but am hapy tomorrow i'm on leave, i can rest the whole day at home!!
tummy ache  goodnight
Tummy ache - must have eaten lunch too quickly 
tummy ache from ramen 
Tummy ache from too much candy   Working till 3 and then going on some sort of suprise-day-before-birthday adventure?
Tummy ache ftl 
tummy ache in class 
tUmmy ache nman. feels like im g0nna vomit any time huhu.. 
Tummy ache! 
tummy ache!  roadies and frapacchino dont mix, i have learned my lesson!!
tummy ache, home sick.   @GregRuggiero IMISSYOUUUUUU!!!!!! come hold my hand on the beach.
Tummy ache, stupid cleanse 
Tummy ache. 
tummy ache.. 
Tummy aches = 
Tummy achy 
tummy ain't too friendly today  angin...angin... must be from all the laughin last nite:p
Tummy bugs are lame! Got about an hours sleep if that. 
tummy hurting 
tummy hurting. sooo much 
tummy hurts  going to bed, gotta get up early. yaayyy band camp.
Tummy hurts  Good thing mom's cooking today! 
Tummy hurts going to sleep 
tummy hurts.  must have poisoned myself with the porkchops
Tummy hurts... Cold sweats... Man I just wanna go home. 
Tummy hurts...need to go back to sleep 
Tummy is still growling and having no luck uploading the upgrade files. Grrrr. I really don't want to MOD it all by hand!!! 
Tummy so full, but I still want to eat.  Hate that feeling. Was thanked for speaking up about retarded morning crew. I can has raise now?
tummy upset today  hates exams and wants it's appetite back please!!! also why is it sunny when i'm stuck inside revising? boooo
tummyache  but that milkshake was so delicious. great night with @vicious_3angle, rob, danny, jaminder, brad and @imsuperzero
Tummyacheness! 
Tune in now for GMK.  Trying to get the coffee working...my voice is struggling a little bit. 
Tuned into Radio316's classical music show. Missed 2 hours of it though 
Tuning vocals is such a chore. 
Turbosim does not work on 3.0, can't restore back to 2.2.1 
Turckle. Turckle! TUUUURCKLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I want to be back in bed. Need to leave in 15 minutes, haven't gotten dressed yet. Early shift 
Turin Cat's not well - my poor boy's scheduled to have an operation in the morning. 
Turkey Creek is boring when you have no money 
turn my computer off cause there is lightning  talk later peeps although i may come on on my phone
Turn Right 
turn right  http://yfrog.com/0y7vrj
turn right is possibly the most beautiful song, I've ever heard. 'somehow im to blame, for this never ending racetrack you call life.'  
Turn right makes me cry  cant wait to hear it fully
Turn right To my arms ... please donÂ´t leave me alone 
turn right wont work 
TURN THE COACH AROUND! I have forgotten my makeup. Only 3 hours sleep. Looking like a zombie is a great way to impress a new guy 
turn your updates off D:&lt; I don't know what to do about bbs and how to act about you and her. 
TURN. GREEN. PLEASE 
Turnd my alarm off...i dnt need it anymore! 
Turned car rnd &amp; went back for what I thought was an injured dog this am.Turned out it was a bc 'herding' cars.Owner seemed unperturbed 
turned down an offer from a very promising startup.  sad
turned off the 50th playboy special, missed the afternoon advise program. 
Turned on TV to see the F1 champagne ceremony (I recorded the race). I wasn't able to change channels. Major panic &amp; spoil in the morning 
turned out to be a normal day. ii was hoping for some one to make wonderful 
Turned out... Monday isn't happy at all.... Sometimes i really hate my work.... 
Turnin in early, no more late nites into the weee hours of the morning tweetin...vacation is officially over 
turning 21 years old today!!! gahhhh....i'm a weird bag of mixed emotions. thanks everyone for the bday wishes and all the memories.  
Turning in early tonight just not feeling well  #fb
Turning in early.. Long day of bbqing and playing football. As a result, a fat ankle, sore back, sore feet, and 4 bruises. Waaaaaa 
Turning into a nice day that I won't see a lick of...  
Turning into one with awful vision, even with glasses 
turning off my phone. 
Turning the phone off.   I am not goin to be in contact with the world for 6 days!
turning twitter off my phone for a bit so I can concentrate on my work. 
turning your icon green will not free Iran, I'm sorry guys. 
Turnips : re: She never came?: Ohh That sucks! I can't get on till about 1:20 cos of drama  http://tinyurl.com/kjt4ek
Turns out I am a 34 waist and a 36 arse! Fed up of trousers shopping now 
turns out i dont get to go to noahs ark today, its too rainy outside. . . 
turns out I had gross misconceptions about how the legacy application I was migrating worked. Starting over 
turns out I have an infection, no swine flu! Had to get a jab in the butt though and have to have another tomorrow. 
Turns out i might not be going to &quot;Whitby Gothic Weekend&quot; in Oct09.. I was really looking forward to it too 
Turns out i need to buy an iphone so i can play the mass effect game 
turns out im not eligible for the 3GS because my bill isn't over $99/month 
turns out its not chicken pox.. I haz glandula fever and have to get a blood test 
turns out modulus is used in random number generators already. i didn't discover anything new  
Turns out my barber Vinny died last week. I actully cried when I found out 
turns out my foot isnt fractured, i just have a flat bone. hope it gets better or looks like there will be no moshing at sway sway for me 
Turns out the clog is pretty far down.  I think I need to rent a sewer snake   Thanks for the tips though @littlemtn  @gmunsey !
turns out the dancing was result of artist seeing article about homeless guy getting shot.  i felt really small 
Turns out the girl I have a crush on has a boyfriend.  Darn it!  All worked up for nothing 
turns out Twittersplit doesnt work with my host 
Tutor Time!  Here until three.  Not many kids because they are on spring break.  So, I get to study strengths! 
tuuuhweet, im cold and my feet need rubbing 
TV ain't what it used to be anymore 
TV direction in Paris, is artsy-fartsy abysmal 
tv for 4 hoursssssss  soooooooo bored 
Tv in the apartment is not working! Missing BGT 
tv remote is not working 
Tv showing True Blood commercials  WHY!! Why don't I have HBO! Must win lottery!!
TV sucks in the summer. 
TV w/charley she is too cute and too sweet...trying to get over the blues  cheer me up tweeters
Twas in a bad place last night  Hope todays going to be better, but i doubt it
'twas thunder ... and hail ... in June! 
Tweaked my back, really sore right now 
TweedDeck autoupgraded and no longer works on my Vista.  That's why we at PowerGUI always wait a week before we turn autoupgrade on. ;)
TweedDeck for the Iphone? I really miss my precious Iphone 
Tween games 2.0, Imagine Petz integration...what more could a gamer ask for? 
TWEEPLE Damn did yall have as much trouble as i did wakin up this morning... I know yall still feel it from last night! MY poor nuggets 
Tweeps - what's the maximum hourly rate? Got locked out yesterday 
Tweeps are sending me annoying #spymaster invite auto-DMs 
Tweeps I'm not feeling this weather at alll. It depressing 
Tweet account has been compromise... Looks like I'm tweeting about a penis extension site 
Tweet at one in the morrining. Early bird, mother fucker! God my head hurts. 
Tweet deck doesnt seem to be working 
tweet deck for iphone/touch ftw. but i still love twitterfon 
tweet deck is being gay 
tweet dreamzzz twitterians!!! i hope this pain will b gone by tomorrow! 
Tweet if you've been to this house! Officially moved out  http://twitpic.com/6d8s0
Tweet no. 100! - Bad news though, one of my friends got fired at my school..  I feel so bad for him.
Tweet of the day LOL i miss him 
tweet this... babeeeeeeeeeee 
tweet tweet guys, my dog is scared of the hover (n) 
tweet tweet saw Hurley merchandise at Stoked, Inc. in Mall of Asia...but why does it have to be so damn expensive! 
tweet tweet the dvd's not available in canada 
Tweet tweet tweeples! So the hottest straight guy in all of San Francisco hits on me last night and I did not know how to flirt back. 
Tweet tweet. Bored right now 
Tweet tweet. I'm going to Port Stephens tomorrow ... yay, I guess. I want to go up but I want my love to be with me 
tweet ya'll later 
tweet, i am feeling rather unloved at the moment 
Tweetdeck - everything you need  http://bit.ly/7Xtk8 (via @AndrewCasselton) -  I'm obviously a B lister - hence hardly get any replies 
Tweetdeck 4 iPhone crashed on it's second launching 
TweetDeck crashed again  I don't think it likes Vista64
TweetDeck does not accept my new password  Any ideas?
Tweetdeck doesn't seem to be able to view trending topics or who's nearby  I'll stick with Tweetie then I guess 
Tweetdeck doesn't warn you if it can't shorten the url enough....  http://bit.ly/mI5Va
TweetDeck download failed again  #TweekDeck
Tweetdeck for iPhone crashes a LOT, current state:shows only old tweets for some grps, won't open tweets. 
Tweetdeck for iPhone is super cool but crashes a lot 
TweetDeck for iPhone looks amazing, but it lags a lot. Oh, it just crashed. 
Tweetdeck for iphone! how come iphone gets so many twit apps while the folky phones don't 
Tweetdeck for iPhone, why you so crashy now? 
Tweetdeck for the iPhone is brilliant, especially syncing columns with the desktop! BUT no landscape keyboard  Hopefully 3.0 will fix that
Tweetdeck for the iPhone keeps crashing 
Tweetdeck iPhone app is nice but I miss @TweetStack  tweetdeck, we need autocomplete!!!
tweetdeck is acting up! 
Tweetdeck is amusing on the iPhone just now but not enough to amuse me until 3pm for OS 3 
Tweetdeck is broken the application won't load 
Tweetdeck is crashing my PC today 
TweetDeck is really cool and I do like it but it's a memory hog  80mb? yikes!  I am closing it now....
TweetDeck is starting to become a pill because of the limits set. SO I go back to twitter to continue on till my API resets, 
TweetDeck keeps crashing.  I like it though.
Tweetdeck makes me sad 
tweetdeck minimise to tray RIP 
Tweetdeck on #iPhone crashes a lot 
Tweetdeck on iPhone is great but the colors make it hard to use outdoors   No way to change the colors? Black background - FAIL
Tweetdeck on iphone, how does one delete direct messages 
Tweetdeck on the iPhone is now available for download. So far its crashed 8 times doing anything from editing a group to posting a tweet 
tweetdeck seems 2B working now-I shut down &amp; restarted-had to log back in - but is working - also means I lost all tweets between 4-11pm 
tweetdeck seems to be broken. it does  not update and when I restart it the geometry is set to appear off-screen 
Tweetdeck still not coming up for me on the app store on my touch.  http://ff.im/446C8
TweetDeck supposedly available for iPhone now, but it sure as heck ain't coming up in the Australian App Store. 
@thecoveted is your blog down? i can't get to it 
@TheCowboy09  Got that impression from your earlier post, yeah. Sorry your job blows.
@thecraigmorris @MmmBaileys is gonna kill us when she gets back 
@thecraigmorris @nicktionary Actually I said I Not sound like a hendrix song, when I meant to say now. But, anyhoo - my skin hurts 
@thecraigmorris Awww I can't. I gots no Sky TV back in manc. Only Freeview  I will always be one step behind Herr Stewart.
@thecraigmorris I am 100% sure your right, but you wouldn't be able to persuade @moonflowerchild that it is 
@thecraigmorris NO  They were nice well behaved kids with wool for hair. Don't be mean.
@thecrazyjogger Maldives is sinking!!? *gasp* i wanna honeymoon there someday 
@thecreativeone ah  lucky i really wanted to see it but oh well i can wait to buy it or rent
@thecreativeone I second that. I wish it rained more where I am 
@thecreativeone OMFG that is pathetic! 
@thecribs London Forum standing sold out!!!  Will try tomorrow
@thecroc No! Was it stolen like now? 
@thecryptic no AC on the GO? that sucks 
@TheCrystalLady havent done a misi find blog in ages... i should do one. just dont like missing people out 
@TheCrystalLady hosting runs out on the 2nd july, no idea how im going to afford that 
@TheCrystalLady im good ta. think i may of got an order from my site, but donst want to use paypal to pay 
@thecultureofme 403 FORBIDDEN, i can't see it... SO CURIOUS TO KNOW WHAT IT IS! 
@thecupcakewhore not whn ur shitting ur guts out 
@thecurvature 100 days still seems too long to me  maybe at 50 I'll be happier
@TheCWReaper I missed to blogtalk... working late!   Is there any update on  Reaper?
@thedailybalance Ahh, you went to Magnolia's and didnt meet me  They make a great Banana Pudding
@TheDailyBlonde Twitter Brothel... I am surprised it took this long. 
@thedailydish How fun! Wish I could come down  I love watching the crazy monkeys that swing around!
@thedailydish I did what?  I'm so sorry...   Didn't mean to..(I didn't know you didn't want people to know...)
@thedailydish Was just griping about this... 
@TheDailyHerb I tried accupuncture but couldn't afford to see whether it was working at $60 a visit 
@TheDailyMel   I'm sorry!!!  That totally sucks.
@thedailysurvey the perfect song for ramiro.  i want to see himm
@TheDaintySquid I am sad.  You are sold out of large camera necklaces! lol.
@TheDannyNoriega  i hope you come back to Pittsburgh. we love you here!
@TheDannyNoriega danny!! I miss your messages 
@TheDannyNoriega It's Pittsburgh, hun.. what's not to love?! Wish I could come see you tonight but I have to work.. boo on that 
@thedanyoung uhm sir,, it is now thursday and tuesday tweets are not up. i am extremely disappointed for i look forward to these. lame 
@thedarkerside Ugh.  I'm going to have to say no, they can't release the pictures -- unless the victims give consent. That would be worse.
@thedarkorb I was just thinking about mouthwash, but I can't make myself do it,t tastes too weird, don't like 
@TheDaveCollins sry 404 on your link 
wow. tattoo pain. and i feel like crap. 
Wow. That last pay cheque sure went fast. 
wow. The Goo Goo Dolls only have 3 tour dates posted on their website... 
wow. the metro collision on the Red Line is a trending topic. that's kinda great and kinda sad at the same time. 
Wow. The new TwitterFon update on iPhone is.. Weird. I want my old TwitterFon back 
Wow. the weekend is almost  
wow. this weekend went by to fast 
wow. today has been really hard. 
Wow. Was Just sadly reminded how many tweets I've missed of people I follow because of crappy &quot;improved&quot; @twitter replies. 
Wow. You know it was a crazy night when you wake up thinking it's a whole different day. Will have to wait until tomorrow for E3 
Wow.. Boy In the Striped Pajamas was such a sad movie 
wow.. i almost forgot that there's school tomorrow... 
Wow.. I haven't stopped thinking about the Jonas Brothers or Taylor Lautner since Sunday.. Their amazingness is driving me crazy 
Wow.. I just realized the song I just wrote is called Neverland. Ack! I miss Stephanie J. Block.. 
Wow.. I should probably clean my room.. I can't see the carpet 
wow.. that's really bad, nothing open today. 
wow.. tomorrow and then it's over. i'll never see some of those people again. it's kind of sad. 
Wow... 2 days without caffeine, and I already have a terrible headache! 
wow... h8ing life... feelinglike a train just hit my forehead...  still sick and its like im getting sicker? wtf prayers and good vibes pl
wow... i can really smell the fire now... 
Wow... I just realized its Mom Day &amp; I have 10 essays to do for  Juvie...grrr. 
wow... just looked at my fridge and I have nothing to eat  Must go grocery shopping... the bane of my existance
Wow... just saw a Rolls Royce Phantom outside the office. And got a photo... now how do I do twitpic 
wow... my boyfriend failed his classes for the second quarter in a row. I'm so dissappointed. 
Wow... My mom is being a bitch right now. Fuck me. 
wow... my parents just split up 
wow... my throat is obliterated 
wow... satellite internet is horrible at times.. finally have internet again, but now I must go to bed   so much for personal work
wow... school is finally over, and yet i feel no different.. 
Wow... So apparently someone just killed themself by jumping off the top floor of the garage across from the hotel. So horrible... 
Wow... So tempted to get an iPhone... 
wow... totally just got poned, crushed, punked, however you want to put it...  fml!
wow... why did I just wake up wide awake after only sleeping 3 hours?? EPIC FAIL... im seriously broken FML 
wow... woke up a bit late.... and my phone isn't working so my alarm didn't go off 
Wow.... school went by fast ( only 3 days left)... I'm gonna miss everyone this summer!!!! 
Wow.... the shout box has kicked me out and I can't get back in. I guess this means good night 
Wow.....I've been stood up  Might as well go to work.
Wow....very stressed out about going back to work today.  UGH!  
Wow....what a night! Finally went all out again!!  Downside: my feet are killing me 
wow...another Monday more...but this is the last but one to finish the hell...I'm afraid the marks...  I'm not sure about anything
Wow...I Actually Miss Him 
WOW...i just lost a follower idk why... 
Wow...I seriously don't know what to say.   
Wow...lied to by the haircut lady...tomorrow 
Wow...my people r really hilarious! SHOUT OUT TO MY BEST GALS in the world!! And MY BEST GUYS! Too bad we couldn't hold the rain back 
Wow...perhaps beach front property in Costa Rica's a little out of my league $$$ 
Wow...so I'm home this summer and just found out a good number of my friends are staying in college station. 
wow...still waiting to hear back from xbox live support. guess email wasn't the way to go...  
wow...stoop that low 
Wow...that's how far the GPS is off right now.   http://twitpic.com/7v57y
Wow...the Sony Vaio p is the only netbook ive seen with a 1600x768 screen. wish more would follow suit, you couldnt pay me to take a Vaio 
Wow..been talking about college,etc. Son # 3 revealed that he has been paying SAT and AP fees for several of his friends. 
wow..I beat @PerezHilton, @HarveyLevinTMZ and @hollywoodtv with the Farrah Fawcett news. those celeb news sites gotta step it up! 
Wow..i guess it's time to get over that dream! 
Wow..Rey mysterio lost his title to jericho... 
wow.never imagined how much cable TV meant to me on the weekends.regular tv sucks on the weekends 
Wow; missed the boat right off the start; Stock is @+3.33% now &amp; not moving. If I had margin, I could sell short. Damn $25k rule. Ideas? 
wowow i thought the sun was out.  i wanna tannnnnn.
Wowowee perf. cancelled  Network conflict IDK. Lots of other appearnces/perf on GMA. Stay tuned for air dates so u can see me! lol 
wowowow. I haven't tweeted in a whilee. :/ I just had the funnest dayy. now he left. 
Wowsers!!! Star Trek was great, Bizzle was incredible, miss 'Joey'  he was great tonight!!!
Wow--those poor kids 
wowww the line for the theatre is like 48743 miles long  i hope we get in fml
Wowww!!! I thought it was regular powder!!!! AHHHHH!!!! 
wowww. cant believe weekends are gonna be over.. school again tmrw 
Wowwww. Must be the liquor talking, cuz its so difffff when ur sober!!! 
wowwy. i hope i remember thhiss tmrw.  twitter wont let me write more in one posting succky.
wowza, only the second tweet of my entire trip and i leave in 3 days   but first - BLOW UP SF TOMORROW NIGHT!
wrappin up the illest session i've had in the longest!! bout to head home and tend to @p_downing!! poor baby hurt himself playin ball 
Wrapping farthers day prezzies and wishing they were all mine!!!! 
Wrapping things up here in London...a few more things to do and a few more people to say good by to  Not looking forward to tomorrow.
Wrestling with a Linksys and D-Link router to get them to talk to an Apple Airport Express. It seems that Linksys and D-Link are winning. 
Wrestling with a synopsis.  Why am I so sucky at this?  
Wrestling with Chad and Gauge and my necklace, that Chad got me when Bayla was born, broke 
wrffff, monoprotic, diprotic, tri protic ? IDKKKKKK 
wrist is still very sore 
Wristcutters and Half Nelson are on Sundance Free Movies on Demand! There goes my afternoon 
Write a song in my room...In spain there are 00.00 !!!!!!!!!!!!!Ohhhh and Athletic it lose  !!  I love llorente (l)
write tomorrow 2 tests 
Writen a rap so I can hop in the booth!!!!  I wanna spit on throw down Thursday
Writer's block. Definitively 
writin english coursewrk    boring!!!!   duno wot i'm gunna do 4 my speekin n listnin exam       lifez a mess                       lol
Writin' more offers tonight, but just got outbid on one from yesterday 
writing #ajax requests manually. i wish i could just use #jquery 
writing a 3000 word essay not good 
writing a lit essay on The Night of the Iguana! 
writing a paper...I cant focus 
Writing a review for some products that got sent. Its killing me 
WRITING A SAD SONG... 
Writing a song hard to think about him 
writing a story and listening to music   first story ive written in aages and ive lost my writing book  devamastation!!
Writing a story for school 
writing a stupid lab report. ugh i hate summer bio 
Writing ads all day gives me no reason to tweet  on my way to Ogikubo to take fotos &amp; interview owner of bar &quot;Lagg Time&quot; for beer special
Writing an e-mail to my bro! Haven't seen him since last Christmas 
Writing an english exam 
writing an essay 
writing an essay, tired ! 
Writing an impossible research paper that is taking about 5 hours, more like 7. Dreading the other 2 essays I have to do nexttt 
Writing annual reports is never fun, but being cooped up on a sunny day is making it hell! 
Writing assignment on differences between traditional market research &amp; user centered design. Such a big subject condensed into 1 block 
writing english exam in 2 hours... 
writing essays for photography so boring 
Writing guidelines for packing and moving out. Ang hirap ng mahina ka with words 
writing job ads and job descriptions. my goodness this is not fun 
Writing mails to my friends. I guess I little forget about them.. 
Writing more poems. Can't sleep worth a damn with the thunder 
writing my bachlorthesis =&gt; developing a bachlor crisis 
Writing my essay. Crap, need to make my notes to physics. And read this shitty book done, 
writing my final thesis.. 
Writing my last assignment, sad times uni is ending too quickly! 
writing my radio script. its really hard 
Writing my second Law essay blah blah blah 
writing my writing requirement  at least I'm in sunny SB!
writing on my detective novel, i must admit that it sucks 
writing out quotes for exam tomorrow 
writing papers all day 
Writing papers all day, and taking a final later 
writing poemss haha last week of school, cannot wait til this weekend, then its time to look for a job and wisdom teeth surgery 
Writing policy 
Writing Presentation about my English Exam 
Writing screencast scripts for http://whos-playing.com I'm going to sound like a local news broadcaster from the 1970s 
writing something about people you got to know many years ago is so difficult 
Writing test scripts for user testing today - oops there's a trigger I forgot to write   #Salesforce
writing thank you letters....by hand is sore 
Writing the BTP report 
writing the greatest book ever. wish i had tickets to go see taylor swift in concert 
Writing the text f/ the Babylon Falling report f/ Fecal Face.. this is probably going to be uber-sappy.  Gonna miss that bookstore.
Writing thesis is overrated 
Writing user acceptance testing (UAT) for leading national media outlet  Damn my logic flows ...
writing with Claire.only 6days and than is she leaving me.I'm alone then in good old Ireland 
writing writing....physics....writing....words won't come out 
writing, waiting for the heat of the day to go away, I need a hammock, moonlight, and an island breeze, I can't find that in KY 
writing.. well.. not writing. typing.. a message for my friend's birthday. can't come to her celebration 
written like 5 pages of summarys of junk i dont no about for food tech. Only doing this for the exams to come 
Written my French presentation..now got to learn it off by heart..Yay.  What is the point?!
writting learning goals 
Writting my paper...  10 pages due tomorrow.. I'm such a procrastinator.
writting my spanish essay!!! 
wrong again me mata 
wrong direction  but u will be rich!
Wrong guy got sent home on #SYTYCD tonight. Agree with the girl, but not the guy. 
Wrong way to start the weekend: missing my movie/friends due to unscheduled oncall work, then oncall for the rest of weekend 
Wrote 2 new posts on my neglected blog  if ur intrestd on my thoughts of Bing and pudding ice-cream then read it  http://bit.ly/15PqXe
wrote 6K words for a story that she's not supposed to be writing 
wrote a half song...?  // i love you so much,darling :* and i miss you!  summer vocatioooon! &lt;33333
Wrote a song for everyone. Wrote a song for truth. Wrote a song for everyone. When I couldn't even talk to you... 
wrote another 750 words on my WIP.  now sitting at 7.5k. not bad, i guess. #absolutionrising  how will i write in the UK? no computer 
Wry I born chile? 
wshing i was with @janelleapril 
WShongton apple foe the lookseeee  ughhjj hahaha
WTA. Total screwup today, as Errani just surrendered in the second set. I am 1-9 in the last ten predictions 
wtaf my caps lock button's light doesnt work anymore 
WTB DreamWidth that could read LJ on my friends page.... 
WTB: [Reins of the Armored Brown Bear] 200g short 
WTC site. Very sad  http://twitpic.com/69kkk
wtchin ghost wisperer  ps =so addictive):
WTF     Nothing is going well.  I just so want to leave.   Fthis place. !!!! 
WTF ! If i get invited to one more &quot;DollHouse&quot; themed party, smh. Look what you started @theCHEEKsterr ! Fools makin me miss DK  donee
WTF ,WTF WTF 10 Absents in SE ... I was already expecting a C/C- .. wondering what grade wud I end up with .. another D ?? 
wtf ?? my cousin Papoose just got pulled over w/  2 guns &amp; 10 8balls on em &amp; he's on probation 
wtf @mikeziemer has stopped following me... now my life has no meaning 
Wtf all time low on mtv  After is she really :O  Boys boys boys why oh why 
wtf am i suppost to put wen ur applyin online n dey askin 4 previuse wrk bt i dnt got none. wtf! dey jst makin in harder for me. 
WTF Apple: don't change the behaviour of layer backed views in minor point releases! drawRect is no longer called when wantsLayer == YES 
Wtf Carrie Underwood.. save some gorgeous for the rest of us..  Haha.
wtf cold shitty weather 
Wtf did i do with my headphones? 
WTF did I really just phug my ankle up??  Fis ish hurts  No Bueno
WTF DISNEY?! Thought u made happy films!! I just sobbed my way through 90% of that movie  SOOO sad, but so amazing!!!! Go watch UP!
wtf dr. manhattan broke up? so shitty 
WTF everyone is saying smig 
WTF facebook just cleared out my whole survey and i was on the last q, this night gets better and better  what else is next?
wtf gary fisher? i can't find you anywhere 
wtf gmail, I'm tired of getting the same bs spam in my inbox everytime I check it. Get your shit together 
WTF happened since then?      who wants to be my gym buddy????!!!
Wtf happened to bein all sunny? Dis weather is depressing. Even worse I hav to work.   -Ely!
WTF happened to the weather ya'll!!?? how can it drop from 25 to 14 degrees.. mann it looks like summer's ova b4 it even started! 
WTF have I done to myself? I hurt...EVERYWHERE!! 
WTF I DON'T WANT TO GO ANYWHERE TODAY OMG.    This sucks x  everything.
wtf I just found a pimple on my hand!!?!! who the fuck gets a pimple on their hand.....fml. ps. it's not an std #nosex3months 
Wtf I just ran a red light cos I can't stop zoning out and focus 
wtf I lost 5 followers on 3 days?! Whar's wrong with you people?  Follow me!!  I'm going to tweet A this summer. ;)
WTF i tested un 1 hr vs. the 5 they give you  i guess that's good or bad
WTF I want TweetDeck or TwitterFon @banquier and @MissMissaB....and no smartass remark @edoswald, I gotta wait till next year 
WTF I'm coasting down the 405 listening to keyshia Cole stylin' in my members only and it's raining in the Valley 
wtf i'm postive my friend wali has flown over the cuckoo's nest..um its just gettin crazy:awkwardness.Screenin ur calls &amp; shit now sadly 
Wtf I'm siting here watching the food network channel...now I'm ducking starving 
wtf i'm so tired 
wtf im upset my auto immune disease is progressing and i cant start treatments till after baby is born. 
wtf is this.Justin bieber was in sydney lastweeeeeeek !! 
Wtf is tumblr?  You made a new stalker site, Briana? :C
Wtf is up wit this new Soulja Boy &amp; Gucci Mane Tag-Team Duo? I'd rather a &quot;Chicken Noodle Soup&quot; comeback...  lol
WTF is up wit TwitPic it's not letting me upload 
wtf is up with facebook?? can't get on 
wtf is up with my laptop? Firefox is struggling and when I play music it keeps cutting out. 
WTF is up with people this week?  Buncha folks got their grumpy pants on....  
Wtf is up with the cold weather? Sitting in my car warming up before walkin to class. 
WTF is up with twitter!? I just keep getting more followers!! Such a lovely day where I am, but I an stuck indoors revising and shizzle! 
WTF is with Twitter today? Grr! Links don't seem to be working at all now. 
Wtf it was 12 a minute ago 
WTF I've waited allcday and shehasbt texted. Hmmm? 
Wtf Jeffree why did you cancele your vegas show why 
WTF just about to go to bed only to find my kitchen roof is leaking lots and lots. 
wtf my boyfriend said to me go to america a few min ago and now he said better not going, first make me happy and now this  i wanna go!!!!
wtf my doggie jus wokeupp barkin odee ; i think she had a bad dream 
Wtf my hair is still wet from this morning 
wtf my heavenly nuts tweet never sent 
Wtf my phone won't connect to the internets  even though I've got G7 signal.
wtf no cagcast again 
WTF NO WAY! cineworld aren't doing a midnight showing of transformers 2! 
WTF Not Kutner!  Oh I'm so pissed @ House.  I mean really WTF   
WTF rehearsal  off  got to space and room was booked and the  brothers have stuff right after so we cant transfer to another room studio 
WTF Ross!! Sort it out..... 
wtf scary thunderstorm! 
wtf somehow i got a flat tire yesterday on my bicycle.  Must go by new one i guess. 
WTF Stupid earphones i can't hear my music now...i'm sad 
wtf the whole worlds ignoring me. 
wtf this movie was so good until 2 seconds ago. so let down 
Wtf thunder, stop scaring me 
WTF too upset to draw  I keep messing up and it's pissing me off so I better stop before I rip it up!
WTF was that? Indiana 5 minute rainstorm FTL 
WTF WHY ARE MY TWEETS ALWAYS GOING TO @iammandurr I DONT MEAN TO LOL 
wtf why did no one inform me that beyonce was coming to australia?! i only just found out and all the good tickets are gone! 
wtf wtf wtf wtf why her  i mean serro anyone but her  
WTF ZERO 7?! Released tracks from their new album on Myspace. I am not impressed. 
Wtf! #Tremi is official!!! what happend to demi  lol i love her but really....what?
wtf! burner is trash too 
wtf! i didn't know there is red mango at eastwood mall 
WTF! I got the email, but not showing up in my &quot;followers&quot; list. This makes me a sad panda    back to cleaning the bathroom.
WTF! no hangover after that! Wouldn't want to be stu this morning tho. My clothes smell like Reading festival 
wtf! no more caramel shakes at bakers! 
wtf! they said rain and now its sunny! i like the sun and all but im wearing rain boots. so annoyed 
Wtf!! The buttons on my guitar hero have changed i could do expert on jesses girl but its different 
WTF!! The signal on our tv is gone, I want to watch something.. ugh, fuck texas.. los angeles, I want to go bad already 
wtf!!! @tivon smh.  off the 7-11 you coulda offered me half!!!!
wtf!!!!! overdued Tax!!!!! i tot it was due end June!!! 
WTF!? I had a profile called DrFailgood and I can't log in. 
WTF!? no one told me it was this late... going to bed! 6 am wake up call 
Wtf!? They still dont have britney for the record up yet. 
WTF!?! do you see the results from that last quiz!! this is a joke!! nick fazio was calculating the scores!! i swear i'm not 100% evil 
wtf, abit hangover  I hate this.......
wtf, i have a bug bite... not cool! effing bugs 
Wtf, I must be really ugly or funny looking because I can't make any friends here my own age.  self-esteem -10
WTF, I wake up over an hour earlier and I still can't make it to work on time.  I feel you @spahkleprincess I should have stayed in bed 
WTF, still no face. 
WTF, why won't Twitter let me upload background images?! 
wtf.  thanks...
wtf.  When I changed my display name, my TwitPic address changed, too &amp; I didn't kno.. I wondered why nobody ever commented my TwitPics 
WTF. Can't watch WHALE WARS anymore, thought the idea was to NOT see whales die  going to hook up my wii..
Wtf. I hate sleeping, i hate these nightmares 
Wtf. I lost my mp3 player 
wtf. i studied some extra stuff i didn`t need to study. now i feel even more tired. 
WTF. I went to work, changed and look what I saw! My jeans are ripped  I hope my ass wasn't showing .. Haha http://mypict.me/5ecx
WTF. im so mad  fuck you radio disney dammit.
WTF. Lynnhaven pkwy is blocked by cops. I'm super duper late for work.    I need a damn SoyJoy.
wtf. why does this happen? 
WTF... iPhone just had to sync for ONE HOUR!! Also because of #OS3?? Hope it was just once... 
Wtf... Where is she? I hope she's ok... 
WTF... Why is it 28c 
WTF....why doesnt  twitter work on my cell 
Wtf...My photoshop serial stopped workin, {that sucks} 
WTF...was i high when i did these notes!?! cause they're all incorrect....FML. 
wtf..everything done but cant add stupid page numbers in my project...MS word is confusing   help!!
wtf? i don't like differential equations anymore 
Wtf? I still dislike this FaceBook &quot;Poke&quot; shit.  I don't understand it's purpose. DELETE this future @FaceBook
wtf? i think i'm getting a sty 
wtf? it's supposed to rain the next 10 days??! CT YOU ARE SADDENING ME 
WTF? The rain woke me up 
Wtf? This is some stupid ass weather for june... 
WTF? Two seats for #BNP What is going through a person''s mind when putting a X in that box? Scary shit !! Off to bed. BNP=FAIL 
WTF?! I WATCHED THE WHOLE FREAKIN' LIVE CHAT AND I DIDN'T HEAR MY QUESTION D: AWWWW 
WTF?! I woke up again and its just almost midnight here! Aaaghhh... I'll try to go back to sleep! 
wtf?!! my nose started bleeding out of nowhere?! fuckin A!!! i think there's something wrong with me?!! 
WTF?!?! Boots have changed my fave king prawn salad  I now have sweet chillie sauce with it and no peppers 
WTF?!?!?! Another ticket?? Dam..I sware it wasn't me runnin that red light! They caught meeee! Booooo 
Wtff, there's a HOLD UP @ROSS, DALY CITY! 
Wtffff i hate getting up this early 
WTFFFF WHY IS RAFA NOT PLAYING 
wtfffff I didn't wake up to my alarm  fucking late.
WTFFFFFFFF, I wear glasses now   http://twitpic.com/6asqg
wth ? - it said minus one from yesterday  iï¿½m sorry iï¿½ll be good i swear. maybe someones reporting me or... http://tumblr.com/x4g1uc2tq
Wth i was suppose to sleep another hour..not fair! 
Wth is up with tweetdeck? *Hmph I miss Twitterberry 
wth is wrong with my iphone? 
wth it was so hot yesterday &amp; now  mayb the clouds will burn off...
wth man i broke my tank top strap 
WTH! Sachin gone. 
WTH!! They just gave up and didn't hug anyone after the game. I'm sadcakes. 
wth, how do people type so slow?  it saddens me, really.
wth, why is my internet dead now 
Wth. It's not supposed to snow anymore 
wth? i'm hungry again! no wonder my boyfriend calls me fatty bom bom  
wth?! its not there anymore 
wth?! no ellen on today?? so confused.. 
wth?! why isn't hamtaro saying gas-p yet  ?
Wtheck! My 90210 won't load. 
wttu &lt;3 aghhh it was updated!! YAY aghhh  something gonna happen :|
Wudnt mind a holiday 
wuhaaa...deadly boredom 
wuiiiiiih... lemesh 
Wunderbar  the milk is off and has curdled in my freshly brewed coffee
wunders wen life will strt improving including love life 
Wupps.. Twitter's search engine seems to be on the blink, so my Updates page is looking a bit empty 
Wut da fug. Why is the weather so gross? Sister's leavin' to Chi-town tomahrow  Booo. Gonna be so bored for the next month. Nahtttt.
wut? still no follower?   lets follow them...
wuts good yall? havin' a bad day already...... 
Wuuiii nothing to do today. Gay day! 
Wuz enjoyin a nice snorgle wen daddy left for wurks, now I have to snorgle empty 
Wuz just lookin thru pics of tour... I miss it so much  was it really only last august?
Wuz not junk 
WW Week 9 Update: 1 pound down. Total weight change thus far: 25 pounds down. Kinda pissed. Yesterday morning I was down 3 pounds 
WWDC i shouldn't have bought that iphone 3g hmmph 
WWDC tomorrow! I'd probably be even more excited if I were actually going  I might actually just freakin' go next year, and E3 to boot.
WWE sucks without @MariaLKanellis 
WWI n Roaring 20s done in 30 min.  cuz we hav limited time b4 regents,  cuz we didnt get to go over gr8 migration, fav event n us hist
WWJBD: they meant Jimmy Buffet, I thought Joe Biden. 
www,stoptanc.com www.antitanc.com  Learn how 6,800 Ca. will lose their homes and land to powerlines.  That means our home  
www.donteventalktome.blospot.com is apparently now censored. Boo! 
www.Farttr.com FartWatch: I wish Clay would stop accusing me of farting it's not very romantic  http://cli.gs/TEu18q
www.moo.com is still inaccessible here (UK) 
www.navteq.com is crashing my Safari browser 
www.NRI-Online.com Digital Transition, No locals  http://tinyurl.com/mcwbmf
@TheDavidBlaise you won't be able to buy it today it only ships 
@TheDCD 
@theDeanoRama We have one in this small town nearby - and I learned when I got there that the campground has wifi I didn't take my Ipod 
@theDebbyRyan  yes. and they say that the world will end 2012  please reply
@theDebbyRyan 36 min and counting ..  I went threw all of your messages now it just hung up onme 
@theDebbyRyan aww you should so do that. I never got the chance to go to my prom 
@theDebbyRyan Congrats. I have a Chemsitry exam tommorow 
@theDebbyRyan exciting. i wish i was out driving around. haha, instead i'm confined to my room  school tomorrow, yuck
@theDebbyRyan hey debby! I really really love you. Mind giving me a shoutout? Please. 
@theDebbyRyan hey you have any advice for me? i have been falling behind in school but can't seem to bring myself to do my work 
@theDebbyRyan i really wish terrific teen tour was coming to canada 
@theDebbyRyan i waited on that line for 40 minutes and never got through... then it hung up on me... boo 
@theDebbyRyan I'm in other country &amp; don't have SayNow number for my country - can't call you 
@theDebbyRyan OMG!!! You  will be in Disney!!! it's so bad that I'm from Peru and I can't trip to USA!! Buaaa 
@theDebbyRyan That sucks. I have my Chem final tomorrow along with Spanish. 
@theDebbyRyan U r so awesome I love u on suite life. U haven't been on it for the last 2 episodes. 
@theDebbyRyan you have private profile in myspace 
@theDebbyRyan Your scream got me scared. 
@thedecades I wish you came to. You should have. 
@thedevilslair I'm sorry you're still sick  I'm better, but that's because my uncle is an othorhinolaryngologist
@thediamondsky done the Germany trip at school, but they only did it every other year and I couldn't 
@thediamondsky rofl her face is really round  she's still qt for the most part
@thedinnerlady Don't know where it all comes from  Recycling taken today and already started filling box again!!!
@thedinnerlady No Max???? He and Taz were the stars of the show. Not sure bout watchin it now 
@thedinnerlady Soz for cutting through matey, pp op on jaw sounds heavy stuff 
@thedirtbird death by snu snu? 
@TheDiva What, you keep taking photos of food and stuff. So I am using them to make food in SL with. So I figured I would just ask. 
@thedjaone yeah i feel ya. today is my monday 
@thedjsg I tried looking but they're all either pay or crowded 
@TheDragonOfDoom I think the twitpic is down again..not getting your photos 
@TheDragonOfDoom just finished watching Conan... it was alright, sooo not a fan of Will Farrow, and Pearl Jam didn't sound like Pearl Jam 
@thedragonsroost I do. I have the laptop within arms reach just about all the time when at home. I have to lower the screen to see the TV 
@thedrb princess is still a twat!! ha ha we need you back  miss you hayley and ania xxx
@thedreamereader I am not going 
@thedreamteam09 Shit 2nyt is DJ Drama but I'm not fuckn wit it  the team goin but I'm prolly jus gon hit Northside up!!
@thedrewness. I don't get nothing 
@TheDrsTVShowCBS I thought you fixed the problem! 
@thedrumlife Not that you care 
@theduelies :O. Don't kill your doggy 
@thedustball I broke down today, i could not put off the cheez-it cravings anymore 
@TheDweller511 will pass on. sorry 
@thedyb nah I got an email from the PR team for musicFIRST but i'm out of town. I blogged about it tho. 
@theeashlee I know 
@theeashlee I misss you bf! 
@theebayk1d Going to try it to work tomorrow. It didn't play well with my \/P|\|... 
@theECA i think that violates my noncompete 
@TheeCalling Hi Paule I couldnt open up that web page you EM me 
@TheEcoist One report says it may be related to Naval base activities but this is denied by experts. I wonder what really caused this 
@THEEdarinbrooks So I try not to read spoiler but are you gone for good or will Max return because you will be missed 
@theelegendary8 I miss u terribly brah!! I'm really sad 
@theelegendary8 wish I could get n on a bootle, ill be too busy serving em 
@theelfyone @da_kar you know I've actually never been to the bots, 
@TheEllenShow  i wish i could ellen, but im in australia and cant afford it 
@TheEllenShow  that's very upsetting oh well..
@TheEllenShow ...too bad I'm allergic! Its been so long I dont even know what they taste like! I suck 
@theellenshow @pink Damn! Why do I have to have a daytime job, I guess Ill have to watch the show on youtube. 
@TheEllenShow can't send in my answers cos i'm not in america  damn!
@TheEllenShow CHICAGO!! I live all the way on the island of Singapore and I'm a MEGA HUGE SUPER DUPER FAN. I wish I had a ticket! 
@TheEllenShow elleen  i need adam! PLEASEEE PLEASE PLEASE
@TheEllenShow ellen i would of love to win tickets to your show. but i dont live there im in st.louis,mo were nothing ever happens here 
@TheEllenShow Ellen, I have watched your show for ages, and I agree with your views on gay rights, tonight was proof how bad it is 
@TheEllenShow Ellen, you rock! My sister and I watch you all the time, but we live in Asia, so we can't e-mail you! 
@TheEllenShow have a great show! Can't wait to see it on youtube! Some1 pls post it? we can't get it where we are  thanks!
@TheEllenShow Hi Ellen and Kanye!  I bet you are having more fun than me-I'm doctoring a sunburn. 
@theellenshow http://twitpic.com/2cepq - You never told your cow story! We were waiting for it. 
@theellenshow http://twitpic.com/4ztai - I would love to come and help, but I'm in Florida.  I will pray that they find a good home. ^ ...
@TheEllenShow I saw Damen @ Jokes n Notes last Friday in High Park area. I will be missin all the comedy shows  No cable either 
@TheEllenShow I'm sad. I like watch your show everday in NZ and now for some reason they've put some other show on instead of yours  ??
@TheEllenShow I'm so sad it's the one month I'm not in Chicago! I would have loooved to see your show! Enjoy! 
@TheEllenShow Missed your show since the DTV Switch. Bought converter and everything, NBC is NOW GONE. 
@TheEllenShow no thats just a tease 4 all of ur overseas fans weve only just go the NY version in HK 
@TheEllenShow thats ok I don't wear them ethier  but Honeybunnybra is NOT my real name, ethier!
@TheEllenShow The Cubs game got rained out....  No make up game scheduled.... what about your 7th inning stretch???
@theemilysnyder oh i hate you 
@TheEmmaHamilton I guess so. But all my friends just have facebook. They don't have twitter yet.  uh, i don't have myspace.
@TheEmmaHamilton not even with me, baby?  &lt;3
@theEMMYawards YES! But now I'm sad, cause I was looking forward to meeting you 
@theendtime Owen 
@theendtime You and me both  Our bodies clearly hate us.  Any fast food seems to wreck me these days.
@TheEnglishRose Re: applause store. We got so called guaranteed tickets from them for TRL. We got turned away too. 
@theensies you forgot about the shitty ferry which ads on about 3-3.5 hours 
@theeppilepsyguy When rain stops, shaving Erik's head to skin tonight so hopefully won't still be irritated by Wed. He loves his curls 
@Theereesa  im just mad that my roomate is gay and i pay rent yet i feel like i have rules like living with my parents but i want him too
@theesco oooh! But no for me. Just did BIG reno *and* going on a vaycay. I'm all out. 
@TheeUnderclass haha!! its done, actually, been done for a couple months, now!!! i wanna release it, but i can't yet 
@TheEvaEffect awwww I wanna come to the pool party 
@TheEvaEffect I'll be there in an hour  I thought I heard you coming through the drive thru yesterday and got excited, but it wasn't you.
@theevanjones Tried! This girl has no iron 
@theexperthand D%#N! eerr... pls try after a bit 
@Theezy21  geez 
@TheFabulousOne @bullybully32 The good shows always get canceled. 
@TheFabulousOne No one gets happy when I shit outside 
@thefakebenkoury i found out how to do it too late.. didn't get the coins from dunning 
@TheFakeJaMaaL .. DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO .. YOU'RE NOT THE BOSS OF ME .. lol ok .. fine 
@TheFakeJaMaaL I've BEEN here...you just are too busy to notice 
@THEfakeNICNAC Hahaha oh fair enough babe, I just like spoke on the fb im to you but you went offline  xoxox
@thefashionisto there are few stuffs I want To buybut they don't acceptcabadian credit  I can send it to my frien inthe states
@TheFeatureMag Blah blah blah....I'm still going into playoff mourning 
@TheFeed Your links take almost 5 minutes to load (if they load at all) on the iPhone 
@TheFeed Your STFU E3 list link is broke 
@TheFelixMolina Damn, if it's going to be released at 10am PCT, it will be 12pm here. 
@thefella Aww - poor @joleeen 
@thefella cuz I haven't done anything all day, I didn't even watch a dvd 
@TheFernMC  work and work  Nothing fun
@thefetishfairy Nice blog... you had Pizza  I lived through entire Sunday just with the brunch I had at noon
@TheFIDMFemme aw  feel better!  &amp; thank you for tweeting about the book.
@TheFifthDriver Oh no, that will be just soooooo sad   I hope they are ok
@TheFifthDriver That is not great news at all  #MTC Swan Watch
@TheFireTonight That is awesome! I just recently decided to move to Australia in August, so I unfortunately will not be here 
@TheFirstChibi @mig90 @dougiemcfly It wasn't me that posioned you, it was mig 
@TheFirstChibi ahh. Meh sucks being so far north 
@TheFirstChibi Mean teenie I assume and they would have to steal ur fave McFly 
@thefirstpancake Do you not have Starz on Demand? 
@TheFirstSight  .. hey.. Caroo  .. whats up?
@TheFirstSight  I feel the same  .. I miss my boys..
@TheFirstSight Caro.. I must confess you.. my guitar is broken  i'm so sad, its very important to me.. I cant stop crying  luv ya â™¥
@TheFlashBum image not found  sad
@TheFlyBandit lol I'm near 78! But I gotta go 2 work 
@TheFlyest1 good idea wish I was right there with u. I'm sick 
@theflyingpinto I rarely see crews from other airlines on my overnights. I'm glad they had a great time!  &amp; sorry you missed it! 
@theforcesofevil late term abortionist. Got no pity for this one.  Sorry----&gt;  For your perusal, this is what I typed.  Stop, analyze &amp; go
@thefragments was supposed to call me 
@TheFuckingQueen it took forever to back up and update all the software  I'm hungry now....
@TheFuckingQueen Wishing you a happy birthday for tomorrow. I'd come round to the Palace but I'm in Manchester tomorrow which blows 
@thefunkyfairy hiya, hows your week been?? just tried to DM you but your not following!  x
@TheFunySonicFan  have i really?  i really dont know anymore 
@thefuturist88 ugh I wish I could go for a ride 2morrow but I can't!  Unless you want to go early next Sat or Sun?
@TheGadgetShow I upgraded my 3G to OS 3.0 but didn't get some of the new features, like MMS! 
@thegam310 But it was key to my plan 
@thegame123 my twitter is though, my laptop is still made of fail  can't use it, so now i don't have a tweetdeck
@thegame123 ohw  #nopants
@TheGamersGarage Sure is taking a while 
@thegarnercircle  and U never sent me the email....  I'm sooooo mad at you......but I can't be mad for long cuz you cool.
@TheGatt at least your not stuck in a shop wearing a horrible polyester tunic watching preople eat out in the sun  I want to be at home!!
@thegayblades I could not for the life of me find that tent! I was bummed. I wanted to see you 
@thegeekchic I've made that suggestion here at my work, but they refuse to buy hammocks 
@thegeekyouneed needed to install VS 2005 today for Reporting Services  - check here : http://trunc.it/j8ko
@thegeneva i'm born in the year of the rat. yeah i know you can laugh now. 
@thegforceny I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@TheGhost Mis condolencias 
@Theghostof1000 I take it that it was a winner? Too bad I missed it 
@TheGirlOfGlass he's not following me back 
@TheGlambulge  I understand...but still   *sad face*
@TheGlamSpot  I will see what I can do, a bit wind blown now 
@TheGlassHouseDC towed around the corner perhaps? Not a good look either way 
@TheGlassHouseDC You guys r so much better than me. I need to start again. I've just been making personal decisions based on my feelings. 
@TheGlitchmaster  How much money did I have?
@thegoldlion not sure, i'll text you! last night was not long enough. 
@thegoodsonisbad that is my absolute favorite drink and I don't have it here, I have to go to the US to get it 
@thegrammarnazi No, I didn't type the post or the text in the video  But I will happily take the whoopin' on it.
@thegraysadie how about if I just bring my duckpin bowling skills instead?  Oh wait, I don't have any 
@thegreatbohac that's good. not so much here. 
@thegreenavenger 
@TheGreenDemon R U a bot? 9 inline posts = fail 
@thegreendildo tsk tsk... speaking of 'sniffing', i think i'm falling sick! 
@thegreenfamilia  Not a happy evening then. Hope all is better in the cold light of day
@Thegriffinster Unfortunately, Sunday is a working day over here, so I don't get to watch F1 very often 
@theguigirl Awwww...thanks!! ;) Unfortunately, everything closes at 4pm in Sweden on a friday. Presentation is 9am Monday. 
@theguigirl I'm afraid not much  I just realized the true difficulty of this design. I may cry soon. #idmfinal
@theguild how bout if I wish I was a US citizen?? 
@theguyjb You want to go to the game? It starts in 1 minute, it's raining, and I'm about to work out. Wasted tickets 
@TheH1tman ouch! Good luck!  Sorry about that 
@thehaitianqueen Yes. They couldn't help me. 
@thehalldirector Oh dude, that sucks 
@thehannabeth gosh i wish i could go! i can only afford to watch on youtube or tv .. how sad..  Is it as awsome as it looks?
@thehannabeth me too! i hate being sick during summer 
@thehannabeth you just get to sleep and i have to get up right now..not fair 
@thehar just got Zion tweet 
@TheHarvardian I know. But like I said, I have no idea how long it takes for them to investigate this stuff. 
@thehaus Sorry about your car!  Stupid screws. 
@Theheartsong nope.... besides his cover of Imagine...and SBM... none of his other new songs..  was  hoping for Save the DAy
@Theheartsong Thanks heart! i found his blog by looking at your tweets, but I'm not getting any of David's now  ??
@thehigherface i wish i was there with you i miss you 
@TheHighPriestes tell me abt it! it was in 2 drinks which i had! damn....   anyways i do love lemongrass in tomyam!
@thehilgar I lost a disk   didnt play well.
@thehitlist When will you release an iPhone app? I want iPhone syncing. 
@Thehodge grr - I assume you've stooped down to the level of going to Tesco as you don't have a machine to finish work on? 
@Thehodge I'll be in town but I have a prior engagement I'm afraid  I'll deffo be at July's though
@Thehodge only 60 min recording time, and 2 hours use battery time, most wedding speeches last longer than that 
@thehogshead sigh, the Sharks lost the play-offs a long time ago. The Stanly Cup is a sore subject for us 
@TheHollywoodHoe Sorry I missed you last night  It was about 3 or 4 or something like that when I logged off Twitter 
@thehoodnerd   I have a G1, but for some reason some peoples pages just dont load. 
@thehoodnerd yeah i would switch but i get a nice verizon discount for workin for a verizon company 
@theHookMan Didn't invite me   /cry
@thehoosiersuk Awww Peanut  Hope he's okay. Once my mums cat got attacked by another cat and that caused its death a few months later 
@thehoosiersuk i miss you guys  when are you gonna`come back up to newcastle to see good old me? i'll bring cakes again lol love, lor xxxx
@thehottiedej im here at work ... smfh ... here till 8pm 
@thehurricaneee  me at 3 cuz I had to be up at 7 n I was buzz 
@thehurricaneee http://twitpic.com/6qel5 - i wish you were mine...  So BEAUTIFUL
@thehypemanofnyc on my way to JFK now 
@thehypercube bad news! Stuck at work tonight  is there a weblink to the live broadcast?
@TheIanCrawford .. 
@theiBlog I'm sorry  the fact you're next to her will help a lot already. I've been really really ill whilst totally alone and that's bad
@ThEiCyChiLL ok .. watch something interesting or funny ! or horrible .. im running out of idea babe 
@theimp67 i was leaving open the possibility that it wasnt already, but i'm not so sure now... 
@theineffabelle Oh no   **hugs**
@theinfinityloop sorry...  Maybe I should stop with tweeting as I blip 
@theinkling i just need to use my head. lock doors. check twice idk. i wanna go die now 
@theINNO on my way! In traffic  and sick ughhhh
@theinquisitr Air France Flight ... I hope it was over soon 
@TheIntriguing1 its kinda wack to me  lol
@theiphoneblog itunes sucks balls, last weeks podcast still hasn't gone through it seems 
@TheiPodKid I envy you americans. Australia is in the middle of 2nd Term 
@TheiPodKid lucky dude! I still have almost a month to go!! 
@TheiPodKid oh man. My last day is in a week. 
@TheIrishGuy oh,i thought it was gonna be something saucy 
@theiveeleague sorry that i couldn't make it  we set a date. post degree show celebration.
@TheJakeMusic NO 
@TheJamesBlunt how do u mean i was going to go to bed . . . 
@TheJeffster I have after a couple of shows.. (For BJ on the very week he got voted off) 
@thejellybeankid U r right! . . even I am busy with my exams for last 1 month! 
@theJenius Tylenol PM is where it's at dude. Pobresita 
@TheJenYoung  i'm sorry.  what happened?
@thejessicadrake   Long day huh?
@thejetset do you mind working away without it for a bit?I'm being called away by family members 
@thejinxisup did lafayette or eric say anything else? 
@TheJK banh for your buck is on hold, i don't have the time right now 
@TheJLV yea she made me miss designing with that one. I havent even plugged in the computer i design on in over a year 
@thejoanator OMG! where you get it? i also want. I WANT I WANT I WANT! 
@thejoeman86 nevemind, Fez said they don't do that anymore. But you used to get discount at Souplantation with you AAA card. 
@thejohnblog No, didn't you get my text?  We got home fine but he had to work this morning.  
@TheJonathanT we didn't hang out yet  and its been like three days of summer!
@theJORDAN808 house season 3+antibiotics+sampling vicodin for the first time=owww 
@thejorypigloski awww, what's wrong? 
@thejoshset You already found me 
@thejoshuablog yeah, it's ridiculous. Also, we've been w/o Palin/Letterman drama all weekend and now its coming back 
@thejtog Whew, I was sweating that one. G1 has no spell check 
@TheJunoReport: It fell out of my pocket into a puddle. There's no saving it. 
@thejustkat Kitty had glomerulonephritis and was in chronic renal failure. 
@thekaceykasem It makes me cry on the outside too. 
@thekaceykasem sorry to hear that...bummer 
@thekarin - My friends and I said the same thing bout the Vice party.  We said we forgot to wear our plaid &amp; hats.  We didn't fit in. 
@thekarladam  yeah I forgot that I was torrenting..
@thekarladam That's terrible 
@thekatiekelly uh, wrong! i totally direct messaged you my number. 
@TheKatoAgency I went last night..it was so fun. but i have to work tonight so i can't go 
@thekatvond I'd like to agree, but there are some soulless bastards I know personally who don't like pizza or AC/DC 
@thekcloset Awww... put some ice on it. I'm horrible... I should of gotten you some ice last night when it happened.. â™¥â™«â™¥ Bad Cat 
@TheKellanLutz awwe  i did that yesterday morning, it was brutal!
@TheKellanLutz Every time I watch that movie , I cry when Cedric dies.  
@TheKellanLutz mine did that same with my pic annoying as it is you have to wait a few days 
@thekelliejane  I &lt;3 Recoil too. Not JUST after Hep.
@thekelliejane Oh damnit, I was hoping to delude myself a little longer. Looks like I'll have to use kitten pictures to get through work. 
@TheKempire watchu doing??? U don't even call anymore!!! And when I call u I don't get yew 
@thekennection didn't get the chance nor the funds to pick up my tribes   keeping my eyes peeled for the next sale tho! how are the jeans?
@TheKibblets Link won't load 
@thekiddaytona All good! My aunt ran me around the world on the tourist tip. So I went home exhausted 
@thekiddaytona OMG dont give me that!! i tweeted u and texted u i was in town and u ignored me  no wuv for me
@thekidfamous I LOVE PIZZA...but im on a diet so all i can eat is the veggie one  breaks my heart i cant even get extra cheese
@TheKingOfSpain at least you built them, smokingkipper leaves it all to me, that stuff 
@TheKingOfSpain Too many wrinkles 
@thekirsten I didn't get it  When did you send it?
@thekirsten me too 
@theknickermafia http://twitpic.com/6h2o9 -  the Hollster is made of strong stuff...she needs chocolate lol
@theknobjockey i did say sorry 
@THEKristaT  i know  people suck sometimes
@TheLadyDiva WOOHOO! I wish they'd offer something faster out here--It's either dial-up or cable &amp; the cable co. isn't the greatest. 
@theladyisugly Much well-wishes regarding your mother, by the way. 
@TheLadyJane: Oh no! Is he feeling blue? *dashes off to MySpace* @jeda115: Yeah, my cousin's car broke down on the way there. Fail. 
@TheLadyKristin Not yet, I've been to Target, a dirty wal mart, walgreens, barnes &amp; noble and nothing 
@theladywrites Indeed it is.  Wishing you and your husband and all others healing...
@theladyzee Ohnoes!  That doesn't sound happy at all. *hugs*
@thelalasong pick up your phoneeee! 
@thelane aww... I guess I'll just have to wait for @common_squirrel 
@thelane Damn me - why 
@thelane It dive bombed me - not once but again and again!! ps - never caught the bugger anyway 
@thelane Well done anyway. My numbers got Â£10 last week ...for my syndicate 
@TheLASIKDoc My eyes are just bad candidates  Some medical issues with them that aren't going away anytime soon.  Oh well.
@TheLastDoctor  not even an exception?
@TheLastDoctor Am I bothering you? Am I being annoying?  My therapist says sometimes I don't know when to stop. I have no boundaries.
@TheLastDoctor Awww 
@TheLastDoctor Voted again! Only several thousand more votes to go. And no-one's put me forward. 
@TheLastDoctor WHYYY? I WON'T 2 KNOOOW  IS IT AN UGLY NAME? AD BAD NAME? I LOVE BAD NAEEEMES NAMES
@TheLastDoctor You can say that again! No real season with you in it. Only sparse specials 
@thelastknight69 @MackDuncan @AlexaMarion @JDAFilm @annspade @DannysUltimatum @Cazzie11 I miss you guys! I haven't gone live 4 a while.  
@TheLateLiz eww 
@TheLatency Of course you will be, I wont be able to make it though  Why couldn't you have waited until August?
@thelauralong I can't find it 
@thelaurenhope that's where it's at in Atlanta, they have sooooo many types of beer ha! I miss that city 
@TheLaurenYouLov if anything is chunky its me, my coworkers joke that i have to keep the twins fed 
@thelazza @ShaneNeubauer float:left;display:inline; margin-top:0px; isnt working 
@TheLDP nuthin i hav 2 wait a couple hourz to go shoppin  cuz my aunt fell asleep lmao
@theleadingbrand  Maybe I'll stop in after work anyway, if you will be there until 6ish.
@TheLegendMyst aaahhhhhh I love playing vinyl/acetate ;) my iMac screen has dead pixel rows as of today tho  I feel ya
@thelele I want to go there 
@thelele OMG F U! That's so pretty 
@thelengend I'll stop...You gave me permission.............  sorry
@TheLeviNation probably thinking he misses his girl. 
@thelibra So... you're not going to wear 5 inch heals? hahaa...  oh well 
@thelifeanddeth i feel like we haven't @ replied in soo long  wtf.
@thelifeofjmike sorry i couldn't make it  is it true you threw up on a waitress? LOL Happy Birthday! Go Lakers!
@TheLifeParadise Non , Puis Tfacon C Trop Tard 
@thelightsilove haha irony. 
@theLindaLam i know i got into Cosmos, yay. but i cant go to cmic con. sucks. 
@TheLindsayLohan Guess you two Are &quot;Back together.....AGAIN&quot;........ 
@TheLindsayLohan when are u planning to go to dubai again ?! i missed sam's party in sanctuary..  wont miss it again this time !
@thelittledeath fuckitty!!! I won't be in bali till the end of your trip!!  itu juga untuk kerjaan, ada event disana 
@TheLivingZombie ughh it says its suspended  damn but thank uu
@TheLonely Oh, how horrific. I'm sorry to hear that 
@TheLonelyGnome I don't know but it makes me really sad.. I hope not! Omg 
@TheLonelyGnome Yay that's good! I want holladays already 
@TheloneousFunk u just depressed me 
@thelongmile  is anyone good at saying the right thing to girls?
@thelongmile  Lack of funds!  Don't like thinking about it, have bought zip for months.  Lack of sleep, pollen, chores to do.  
@thelongmile  you're making me sad.
@thelongmile mee 
@theloveablegeek no chance to read the book! Been moved to head office so now have connection 
@ThelovelyJ 
@thelovelylyss all the more reason to come visit me!!! ;) hope all is well. i didnt finish editing  ha. oh well.
@thelovelySV I thought I was yo puddin 
@theloveofmusic you coulda came!!! it was totally spontaneous, we were really bored... 
@theloveofpink awwwwwwwwww  your poor mama. I understand xx
@TheLPFreak poor u  were u at school though?
@TheMacMommy Having a wifi hot spot with you at all time is worth it. But I've got two others using the ATT phones too though 
@TheMadModel ok nevermind i know why  smdh
@themadone You are right ~ I have just had a direct look at your twitter-stream &amp; am finding tweets @majic13 + @the_eggwhite who I follow 
@themaggers keep me updated, please. I'm babysitting and the cable's out. 
@themaggiemum I have to go tomorrow to get longer 5mm needles - mine are too short 
@themaguire lol I haven't heard it yet  t pain the shit tho
@themaguire maybe one day I can be on your favorite producers list  lol
@themaguire they killed the bucks 
@themainecanada  Nope, he won't be. They will have a touring guitarist, a friend of Singer's. I forgot his name.
@themainecanada I'm not in Cali 
@themakelounge aww, no! just ignore it 
@themakeupbar thank you so much for the well wishes! Better today, just not 100% 
@TheMakeupSnob 
@TheMandyG More explosives? 
@TheMandyMoore awww, you poor thing  take it easy!
@TheMandyMoore boston needs one too 
@TheMandyMoore I wish I could go but i have work 
@TheMandyMoore not fair that y'all got to go out, while I'm at work  oh wells.... c'est la vie
@TheMandyMoore What about me?!?!! 
@themaninsd what do you do at lincoln?!! I still have seen the new campus  I wanna go to homecoming again this year!
@theMaraJade  why would they say that mum? why? WHY?!  *goes to look at it*
@themaria boo! 
@TheMariachiHour Well, I'm visiting my parents here, pero there's lots to do in the DFW area. Rangers are out of town now, unfortunately. 
@TheMarMar No picking. Just letting it flake off naturally. Two points of the star came off and there is very little green on my skin. 
@themarsvolta cant wait for your US tour.... wishing i could make it to Outside Lands 
@themarsvolta Nothing of Mars Volta at Brasil? Never?! 
@theMaryKate  Sorry about asking a question that had already been asked.    I had not yet seen it.  Sorry again.
@themarykate why have you deleted your posts? 
@themasonmusso http://twitpic.com/7na83 - image not found... 
@themasonmusso http://twitpic.com/7pieo - MASON UR SO HOT OMG I WANT YOU IN MY LIFE SO BAD WHY CAN'T YOU KNOW HOW MUCH I LOVE YOU 
@TheMatirns Did not meet due to car fiasco. 2morrow. Sorry for the delay. I'll contact you in the morning w/details.  (dangit!)
@TheMattEvers Good luck! I still wish the show was coming to Scotland. 
@TheMattEvers How much would a lesson with you cost?.....It would be totally amazing....! ...I've had a bit of a rough day  xxxx
@TheMattEvers lucky u.Its raining in the UK 
@TheMattEvers we've had rain rain rain today 
@TheMattEvers what sun would that be 
@TheMattHart we do pay for it though, in increased taxes and less available services, it isn't all it's cracked up to be 
@TheMattMiller Link doesn't work 
@TheMAURYShow When can I get tix for tapings in stamford? I have called and emailed but no replys yet 
@themba_m Yep, the magic is gone. Can't we geeks have anything to ourselves anymore? 
@themeanseasons No, I don't know what happened but she's never on. 
@TheMeganJo how are you P. Sawyer, i think I'm getting sick   i saw Matt like an hour ago at Rubins party
@TheMegatronDon Any chance I can get a special screening? I missed out.... 
@TheMegatronDon i wish i knew what hoof was  i think that was going on during my final exams so i couldnt be in the know
@TheMegatronDon I'd tell you, but only if u let me in th stream 
@themelleh yeah mine too 
@themethodist whole foods downtown quit carrying it 
@themichellewie Did you really get complaints? Ridiculous how political correctness has gotten out of hand. Sorry you have 2 do deal w-it 
@Themichellewie i hate when clothes start sticking to you     .s8n.
@TheMicSmith Grrr I should be there  have fun!!
@TheMiddayMiss noooooo, not &quot;Waiting To Exhale&quot;   Just turn on Lifetime...it'll do less damage
@TheMiddayMiss yea gurl!  I just wasted a good outfit!   Ah well...
@themightyfinger Ah, you &amp; KC weren't back yet when I made nasi lemak  Go MAMAK!!
@TheMightyFoz    Well I will miss you.
@TheMightyFoz  ... if they give you heck tell em to call me I will vouch for ya .
@TheMightyFoz I sent a comment telling them to take it down 
@TheMightyFoz Somehow, I kinda like that new avi much better than the one just before. But I miss your warm and cuddly self 
@TheMindofTippy I think someone is taping it... I'm sad yr gotta miss it too 
@theminitumblr i'll miss you 
@themission13 that's a great ide actually.. but the fact is that i can't  wish i could, and the nearest country still far away from here!
@TheMisterX Damn! I was afraid of that.  Thanks anyway.
@theMMAdigest so sad about Lawler losing last night  What the heck happened to Scott Smith - he didn't fight like he usually does
@themobsjedi i dont know how to start or anything at all  heeeeelp?
@themoderngal we don't deliver...sorry   Get some caffeine!
@Themonkey1976 i know its scary times we live in!! its like we are in limbo atm waiting for sony to bring us back into the light!!  lol
@TheMonkeyBoy I never get them and the hubby is due in next week.. &lt;cries&gt; hope its gone by then 
@TheMonkeyest i want pizza 
@TheMoo75 oh man, not you as well! 
@themoonay I. I DID NOT PLAN THAT FAR AHEAD 
@themoviefight Glad to see you back!  And I believe I am your first voter.  Second question has no choices, though 
@TheMrPicture ook nah they didnt close mine someone had my password and felt the need to Deactivate me  so all my friends got del
@TheMrsH I saw an all red Audi on the highway. I sped uo to it hoping it was you. My loss 
@TheMrsMurphy That's why I rarely gamble.  I lost the coin toss &amp; have to stay until close.  I'd like to be home sipping beer w/ you.  
@theMRSPISTOL wow that is epic 
@themtyThor1212 7?! Whaat?! I dont think ill be able to make it 
@themunny 58 days 'til I see Michael Jackson live lol, @ImInLoveWithMJJ only has to wait 23 days though 
@TheMurphy i know right....how depressing!!!! Really wanna go though 
@themuseaholic what will happen to RBM? 
@TheMuzikologist yeah true.. oh well  go post a pic http://tinyurl.com/l3epn4
@TheMylo ma olin praegu pool tundi vÃ¤ljas ja mul on rÃ¤medad randid  i miss u guys 
@TheN00BClan I was going to but was in a bit of 2 rush so didn't! 
@TheNabbitect @mikelightman - awww. sad fail whale 
@thenameisE shuuutup la iqah :p  m feeling so naseb kentang 
@thenaomi there might be some photos kicking around of me, but I left way early to get anything taken on purpose 
@Thenardier Yeah, IMAX would be awesome... we don't have one here 
@theNavigator meow? i'm sorry i ignored you monday because i was offline at @TEDxShanghai.  but i can't remember who you are... eek.
@TheNerdyBird LOL I used to love watching the American show. I just haven't in a few summers. 
@thenewbnb @shivaranjan @arjunvj waat lag gai pairo ki!  hopefully I'll be able to run soon
@thenewbnb Sept.???... I thought October 
@thenewbnb some1 things am putting on so much weight cos i eat a lot  appo for somedays no going out!!! 
@thenewbnb u r the only one who is happy 
@thenewbnb Where  cant see it  on Pg5 it has some women holding huge ciggarete... is that u ??? :-O
@TheNewBradie  please please please please please illllll doooooooooooo anything ill jump off a cliff if i have 2 
@TheNewBradie hehehe i dotn think they'll get to read them  oh well... i hope ur dad lets u and u get ur tickets
@TheNewBradie is that teh part where hes liek feeling the girl. i feel sooo soooory for her 
@TheNewBradie ohhhh ive had sadder days  the best ady everr was 16.5.09 tho &lt;3
@thenewcities  sucks i didn't get out there to see you! hope you had an amazing show. come to st.kitts again soon!
@thenewhope got a C in the final didnt make it, gotta do it all over again 
@thenewhope yeah 
@thenewpsies spazzzo no  later
@thenewpsies where did YOU go 
@thenewpsies your limkage does not work babe 
@thenewyorkgiant  im ashamed of myself
@thenextwomen ahh unfortunately we'll be at http://www.3cscommunity.com/ that evening  but let us/Fran know of anything else! 
@Thengz HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA BEATTY. bt ;) coooooool man. why? cuz she scold me for expressing my love for her to her? 
@TheNickAdams  Chin-up!
@thenicolefiles Kaya nga ee  We're supposed to go to Batangas tom :| We're going to invite you pa naman. :|
@thenirishkat That's trufax, you know I &lt;3 the teaching but the labs bit is giving me unhappy faces 
@thenlesley heyy I want meggy home too!  don't 4get me!
@thenlesley it isn't a very pretty day out  what are we gunna do?! Amanda j has the day off as well!
@thenokiablog heavy battery drain when active, as its always active. No background processing 
@TheNolaChick I don't know either. My battery has been givin me problem as well. It only holds a charge for about 20 mins. grrrrrrrrrr  
@TheNoLookPass i guess it's shitty everywhere, then  booo
watched The taking of Pelham 123 today..it was nice, but I expected more from John Travolta and Denzel 
watched the titanic last night, and i didn't have @Popsyorl to cry with me... 
Watched the TNG ep where it comes out that Sarek has Bendii Syndrom, incurable logic-destroying Vulcan disease.  @Sheindie @jenthefangirl
Watched The Uninvited. At night. By myself. Bad idea! Finished book 3! Onto the last one! And...it's supposed to rain all next week. 
watched three eps of House M.D.! damn addictive! sleepy now 
Watched titanic love that movie lolo but its really long and now goin to bed long week ahead 
Watched transformers 2 &amp; right at the climax of the movie, the screen went black &amp; we didn't get a freebie.  very dissapointed @ Showest3
watched twilight with vanessa... i never get tired of edward * lol .. my feet have tons of ant bites  i'm so sleepy..goodnight!
watched twilight, had 2 much wine, now hungover this morning 
Watched UK #Masterchef when I lived there... Far better!! Nailbiting entertainment... Not to be missed! This one..Jury's still out 
watched waynes world 1 and 2 back to back last night. Then woke up crap this morning. I hope theres no connection 
watched X-MEN ORIGINS:WOLVERINE yesterday. un-edited version ;) Not  that good of a movie. Not as good as it looks in the commercials 
watched year one today at southbank with brady and sheri! shit movie 
Watchen employe of the month its pretty funny. Ow my wrist hurts so bad.  idk what i even did to it
watchin 60 minute makeover and i want a egg chair 
watchin' a moovie...and im sited about going 2 ma friend Sara's tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. She was injured   I luv ya'll. i will keep u updated
Watchin a sad movie with mmy mom 
Watchin Alladdin at 11:45pm why isn't niko sleeping 
watchin' an airplane. want to fly away. 
watchin bill pack for iraq...and gettin extra sad, tour number 2  no fair
watchin 'busty models'..all alone 
Watchin Cam'ron-I Get It In Ohio video.... My son says &quot;that looks like my daddy&quot; SMDH 
watchin channel AKA and doin horrible work 
Watchin crappy tv not alot on 
watchin divided.. got a headache 
watchin family guy! waitin for his kuzzin kelly to get here so he can sleep. 
Watchin Grease 2 and waiting for 9 to hurry up and come so I can talk to my girl. Ugh..... it seems so far away... 
Watchin Grease 2 rlly want sum ch. chip cookie dough ice cream 
Watchin Grease...aww memories  Busy day 2moro!!
watchin greys anatomy coz i cant sleep and its 2am 
Watchin Guess Who. R.I.P Bernie Mac. 
watchin hollyoaks omnibus...cant believe justin has gone!! 
watchin House of Payne now....... then i'm gonna watch Meet the Browns... i love theseshows.....(wanna work wit Tyler Perry so bad!!!!) 
Watchin Housewives of NJ.... Mad its the finale ALREADY 
watchin hsm2 as 4got the sky password  ..
watchin intervention!! these storys are so sad 
Watchin jimmy kimmel but fallin asleep 
watchin kate and pete state side ... still cant believe they have split 
Watchin katie and peta I realli wanna no ow de couples doin 
Watchin katie nd peter: The Next Chapter in ma room. Am seriously mad tht those guys split up. They were so good together 
watchin la galaxy game they are losin! 
watchin Leno's last Tonight Show 
Watchin little man on fx . .  I miss my boo 
Watchin make it or brake it. I think im gettin sick 
Watchin Mamma Mia + Filing nails down, decided i dont like them long no more 
Watchin Mani in his playpen reminds me of when I was younger.  So innocent and unknowing.
watchin mariah embarass herself  lol @BeaTJuNKiie21
watchin monday nights greek.  i think its the season finale 
Watchin mtv movie awards  poor eminem 
Watchin my baby brother graduate  Hoping it still won't rain.
Watchin my lilnephew.. he'ssick.. i want to go to the movies..  
Watchin my mama cut flowerz (LAME)   (He(&lt;)ArT)
Watchin my pacrim team play witout me 
watchin news saddened by AF plane crash  those poor people.
watchin p.s. I love you for the millionth time...I should be sleeping, not crying! 
Watchin Pride and Prejudice  &lt;@bBy&gt;
Watchin Rachel Ray cook something up, its  makin me hungry lol 
Watchin Regis and Kelly before taking Mo to get his first vaccinations 
Watchin Rescue Dawn with a bottle of vodka...I killed a dog 
Watchin scrubs eating conchitas yumnm I love this show I was so sad when it ended 
Watchin season 1 of dexter. I have a crush on Deb, but shes married to dexter in real life 
watchin some movie with ledd, im tired nd dnt feel good. 
watchin some showws online! then bed!! long day at work tom 11-7  excited yet nervous to see someone special on thursday! eek :o
watchin some thing about chris farley..that guy was pretty funny. too bad he had to die 
Watchin stand by me.....tonight was great love my friends......RIP rat tail 
Watchin Step Brothers in bed .. alone ..  cos my sister ditchd me to go out with my other sister ! Was friggin pissed off! T_T
watchin superbad with rissa. suuper sick 
watchin tele in her new bedroom on er new bed happy as a clam i surpose bt am in ouse on ma own all day  x
Watchin the bernie mac show. Can't believe dude really gone. Its just not normal!!!! 
Watchin the Brew Crew go for the sweep of the Tribe.  Not in HD tonight though 
watchin the final big bang theory  i will miss it 
watchin the final episodes of Pushing Daisies. 
watchin the finale of hills  then gonna watch the mtv music awards
Watchin the game re runs on BET...when derwin and mel first broke up   i love this show!
watchin the mtv awards! sad the hills is over for now... 
Watchin the news smh @ the plane crash victims that is so sad 
watchin the sandlot, its about to rain 
Watchin The Wire... damn I miss this show something serious 
Watchin the yankees...layed out for awhile today didnt get much darker though 
Watchin these red lobster commercials got me wantin some coconut shrimp 
Watchin this Diplomats mix on MTV JAMS, can't change the channel cuz I lost the battery to the remote and I'm getting my hair done 
Watchin three ninjas fite back. Sum shyt like dat. Have to sleep I only got 2 hours left 
watchin tv, bored to death. Cant sleep as usual 
watchin tv. goin camping 2moro. bro coming down. cant wait! oh and 1 of ma kittehs died sunday 
watchin TV.... but it's alomst time to go to sleep  miley u rock ;) peace
Watchin tyra bored like always  my stomach hurts
Watchin tyra. Its a pretty good one. I dont feel good tho. Lets just hope i can come to church 2moro. 
Watchin womens college world series &lt;3. I miss it   Def goin there next year!
watchin.. I'm not there. and missing heath ledger 
Watching  Gilmore Girls where Richard has a &lt;3 attack. I teared thinking of when I was w/ my daddy &amp; he had his  I love him! Hes my rock!
watching  HP2 wanting to go out side 
Watching #apprentice final and trying to upload to flickr, which is so slow it's unreal tonight 
Watching #CNBC at the bank. Apparently, #GeneralMotors went bankrupt. Who's next? 
watching #masterchef, wedding special. realisation has hit that i don't get my own wedding cake on my special day. sigh 
watching #mc09 from my desk - but have just lost sound 
Watching #Transformers to kill time before going to YVR. I'm so sad we'll miss the opening of the sequel 
watching #Tron and then trying to get some sleep before this horrible weekend begins... 
Watching &quot;18 Kids &amp; Counting&quot; on Discovery Health. Two teenage girls getting their wisdom teeth out. One of them is so scared! Poor girl. 
watching &quot;america's most wanted&quot;.... dang, it freaks me out how many dangerous people are out walking the streets 
Watching &quot;Angel&quot;. Lovely! Then more homework. 
Watching &quot;Bridget Jones&quot;... I have a headache and my nose is running... I hope it's not a flu.... 
Watching &quot;China's Stolen Children&quot; very sad  obviously they're stupid one child law isn't working!!!
Watching &quot;Collateral&quot; gotta be up at 9am back to the studio in the morning vacation is over 
Watching &quot;dance party&quot; ....  lol...jus flippin thru the channels and it was on....*speechless*
Watching &quot;deliver us from evil&quot; I'm bein a bit queasy watchin it. I'm not big fan of movies abt churchs, molestors, sad, religious shit 
Watching &quot;do the right thing&quot;. They just killed radio raheem  love spike lee
watching &quot;Employee of the month&quot;, what a funny movie. I dont wanna watch &quot;OMEN&quot;, it looks scary 
Watching &quot;Finding Nemo&quot; I Luv This Movie... He's almost HOME :-D Movies almost ova  Ok Commercials ova back 2 my movie I'm OUT
watching &quot;finding neverland&quot; it makes me cry  im sucha sap
watching &quot;half ton dad&quot;......very sad 
watching &quot;heartbreak kid&quot;. my stumick hurts  17 days left, and then itï¿½s spain! coming back latter, have to go and watch the film now. BYE
watching &quot;House&quot; 
watching &quot;I am Sam&quot; omg! This movie is so sad. I am seriously gonna cry.  Poor Sam.
Watching &quot;Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull&quot; again.  Sadly still as bad the second time around 
watching &quot;Inside the Vietnam War&quot; on National Geographic....I'm so sleepy 
watching &quot;la rosa de guadalupe&quot; damm this episode is so true they are people that make fun of the people that are virgins 
Watching &quot;Last House On The Left&quot; ... i don't really like it - I don't want Sarah Paxton to be in trouble 
Watching &quot;P.S. I love you&quot;. Eating chinese food. What else is there to do when you're home alone on a Friday night! 
watching &quot;shop erotic&quot; they're showin couples toys...im not a couple 
Watching &quot;That Fool&quot; now. Cried for scenes that weren't even supposed to be touching  Just felt sad for that guy ma...
watching &quot;the breakup&quot; 
watching &quot;the breakup&quot;... &quot;cum cum... on the kick drum...&quot; but i missed that part 
Watching &quot;The Dark Knight&quot; with Daniella. I'm soo sick  I feel horrible.
Watching &quot;The Great Outdoors&quot; on TBS HD. Classic 80's flick. Reminds me of my childhood. Didn't have to worry about unemployment then. 
Watching &quot;The Wind That Shakes The Barley&quot;, god it's so depressing 
watching &quot;The world trade center&quot; (the movie) Im worried it will make me cry 
Watching &quot;Whale Wars&quot;.         ... 
watching &quot;who killed the electric car&quot; why do i watch things that make me angry/ sad right before sleep. ev1 death nightmares 
Watching &quot;Yes Man&quot; all by myself   
Watching @amandapalmer music videos on youtube. And now for a little Blood+. Sigh so lonely. 
Watching @buckhollywood on blgtv, but im in the waiting room, ach! 
Watching @cindyli break in her new wii workout game. She won't let me photograph her squat-thrusts 
Watching @CNN execellent coverage of latest surrounding #iranelections and #Tehran in current inhuman activity. Where's the humanity? 
Watching @David_Tennant. Interesting set/filming updates. I wish I was in Cardiff. 
Watching @davidmoffitt try to get all of his electronics hooked back up again... All this just to watch a DVD 
watching @loosewomen! no jane again this week or most of next  (hope she is having a good time!) good show today!
Watching @moldizzle get ready for her big girls weekend... away from me 
Watching @natalietracy play Sims 3 on the iPhone. I can look but I can't touch 
watching @samman92 play guitar hero. funniest thing ever my buddies going to dc tomorrow at 4 a.m. lol all nighter!! to bad i'm not going 
watching @Steveagee - since i left before i saw him read my name   - haha james gunn came by! woot!
Watching 10 Things I Hate About You. I miss Heath 
Watching 106 And Park!!...Madd Cuz i Gotta Leave In A LIL On My Florida Promo Run!!! lol SMH 
Watching 16&amp;Pregnant on MTV. I'm kind of sad right now... I am deathly afraid of pregnancy. I fear I will never have my own baby. 
watching 20/20,can't believe wellington health care system 4 kids wit cancer, so sad  shldn't b like that, we're not a 3rd wrld county.
watching 60 minuets... sooooo sadd the pore little boy.. he is so adorable 
Watching 7 pounds 
Watching a boring chick flick. He's Just Not That Into You. I'm just not into it 
watching a certain indonesian horror film (again) 
watching a commercial on tv about ZooBooks. I've always wanted them. I still do. 
watching a company webcast...it is important stuff but i cant find the concentration for it.the clouds have covered my sunshine 
Watching a doco about piano tuners. It's making me wish I had access to my piano again 
watching a documetary about the 9/11  its so sad 
watching a film, recovering from my operation 
watching a horrible film called madhouse.... im actually quite frightened 
Watching a japanese drama and crying my heart out while doing so. 
watching a little bit of tv since i am still not sleepy 
Watching a movie - Finished watching the edited version of MTV Music Awards and didnt like it!! Wanted to watch the whole thing! 
watching a movie &amp; sleeping. off tomorrow &amp; wednesday. ofcourse i couldnt be off today for the parade  oh well..
watching a movie and snuggling in bed. i don't feel good 
Watching a movie but hubby is sleeping instead of watching with me  Oh well, he's been up since 3am so I can't blame him. I just miss him
www.TwitterObsesserSyndrome.com 
Wx is good to Bangor, but looks like I will be camping there tonight. Bad conditions beyond. 
Wyatt  is sad about mom going back to work today  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6127999
wzzzzzzzzzup?! its derrek! we r just starting band practice. Jayk Skylar is leaving for california today. lucky. 
x @ericgrant I suppose it's really HBO's answer to Showtime's Diary of a Call Girl. Might end up just being Duece Bigalow though 
X-( I'm so sick of this orkut stuff  making me mad X-( Do any 1 have a Yahoo! id? :-?
xams again ...  
xAPx im so devo. my bitch mum didnt get me one. omg i reely just want one 
Xaver will be replaced with a new iPod!  I`m gunna miss him. 
Xavier left today  and we leave for Indiana in the morning!
XBL is down today. 
xbox got boring quick.. nobody is on 
Xbox is hard 
Xbox just got fried 
xbox live down all day.  I can't even watch trs off a thumb drive 
xbox live down today  , lookin for other forms of entertainment
Xbox Live has been jacked up all day. No MtG for me.  seriously, 
Xbox live I can't get on nooo this suck I'm going to buy a new xbox now crap 
Xbox Live is down 
Xbox live is down  well goodnight all
Xbox live is down for maintenance 
xbox live is down for maitenence 
XBOX Live is down. 
Xbox live is down... no more Halo! 
xbox live is Down? 
Xbox live isnt working 
Xbox Live subscription just expired  no more online gaming for a while 
Xbox Live to Ozone: &quot;No Rock Band tracks for you.&quot; 
Tweetdeck update failed! Retrying! 
Tweetdeck update is all messed up, now it doesnt minimize to system tray, doesnt show popup for new tweets. Its getting over me now 
Tweetdeck won't update the all friends column, just my mentions! Silly! 
Tweetdeck wouldnt work 4 some reason, and we had 2 get rid of our dog 2day!!!   
TweetDock doesn't let me to send any new tweets. Each time I press send its crashing. It needs update guys. Sent from twitterific 
Tweeters pls welcome @EmilylScott shes lovely/ fabulous/ my dear friend &amp; she only joined 2day &amp; in 1hour shell av more followers than me 
tweeters where are you today?? 
Tweethearts, sorry for frequent 'tweeting ways' of late, insomnia #sux, too scared to take Ambien Dr. prescribed me 
Tweetie birds...I'm sleepy yet tired of being in the bed.  having tonsillitis is no fun !
Tweetie does nothing but bounce in my dock and disappear.  
Tweetie is an awesome app but u can tell which tweets r new 
Tweetie is playing up  only gives one result for nearby,search, and trends. And then will not load the tweet profile. Should I switch app?
Tweeties! Twas a long day @ work today but it's over and now I'm on the way home. But my tummy hurts 
Tweeties!!! My baby is in the shop!  but I am watching Kimora Lee and she's so darn funny!
Tweeting about @phil_hellmuth just got me followed by three Poker bots. Interesting how I tweeted about Hooters, yet, no boobie follows 
tweeting afta so many days... feeling sad coz my lappy is sick  wish i cud do sthing...
tweeting as i poop aint you guys lucky.i feel rough 
tweeting every 10sec &gt; bukti kebosanan yang amat sangat di hari senin  
tweeting for Safari in OS X 10.5... I have to close it to install my Adobe apps... I thought that was the magic of Mac... no hold ups 
tweeting for the first time and dreading building up another network of friends. bye facebook 
@thenonconsumer Oh dear; sorry to hear about fishes; that's too bad 
@thenoodleator I did. Sorry about your Nanna. 
@thenoodleator I wish I could help you. 
@TheNotoriousJEN damn but its only 1 right? I don't wanna go by myself 
@TheNotoriousJEN lets see. whats new.......... oh it about to rain!  And i cant see LLCOOLJ on june 20th. thats whats new.
@TheNotoriousJEN oh... 
@thenotoriouskid: i'm lonely  wish you were on to talk to
@thenxtchapter SORRY!!!!!!!!!!  Blame Orange lol
@TheNYSocialite sheesh...I've got a Maxima+an autostarter. So much for give n credit 4 ppl that live where it snows n wanna heat up 1st 
@TheODI  ..what's with the Magic???
@theodoron this isnt happy sunday. but sad sunday 
@theogeer yes, I am. And I'm driving. But I won't be able to make it devon before the store closes.  I have to eat dinner with my dad...
@theogmizzark your lover boy said he was gonna come today, but I haven't spoken to him in like 2 days. So, I don't know anymore.  lol
@theokk nice - working in Brum I miss the sea 
xbox lives down for a day 
Xbox ring of death... 
Xbox360 is dead. Red ring of death !! oh well it was good while it lasted 
xboxe3 I missed the live video feed, I need to catch up with GameTrailers but another new Halo! But it'a not Bungy 
xboxtweet not working again 
xD . i have no cluee how 2 work twitter , 
XD shit!!!! NO MORE CAFFEINE!!!! too hyped on it.. XD doc sezs i need to lay off.. 
xDD Tomorrow CTA exam!! Hate it  &amp; Now going to El Cultural!!! C CLUB LOL Loving my new cell xP
X-eyed and sleepy. Too much computer time today. 
x-men origins:wolverine was badass! still being sick is not! 
Xmen was an off the hook movie, too bad the ending was kinda wack 
XMLHTTP/ ServerXMLHTTP / MSXML2/MSXML3.DomDocument or Microsoft.XMLDom ...... God Help me..!!!!! nothing seems to work 
xokristinaxo ouch sorry to hear that dear. i am sad for u 
XP is showing no love for top sites in Safari! 
X-Plane iPhone Racing: F-15 - Canyons - Near midair, flameout, flat spin, crash &amp; burn, Goose didn't make it. 
X-ray is next 
XShefSx this whole week is killin my mood i have 5 exams too lol  and yeah big hugs wen we get in 2moro ;) lmao x
XUL - (XML User Interface Language) is Mozilla's XML-based language that lets you build RIA's. Ah ja, daher die Fehlermeldungen in Opera 
Y aint coming home today  Sigh.
Y am I awake 
Y am I awake ..... 
y am I babysitting.....  sometimes, I'm too nice...
y am i in school again??? lol studyn while my peeps r out 
Y am I not easily distracted? 
Y am I still at work 
Y am i up @ this time? Wth? Im sickypooo 
y are ppl disturbed by the fact that im a vegetarian...makes me sad 
Y can we ru pwn tool on windows? Only quickpwn 
y cant a sleep  watchin that katie price documentary. shes so down 2 earth
y cant more ppl use twitter  ?   
y cant we wear nail polish 2work?????????????????????? 
Y couldn't my nap last longer? 
y did the baby have to wake up? ruined everything and now the guy down stairs is sleepin, fuck fuck fuck i was lookin 4ward to havin fun 
y didnt i wait to watch 1408 w/ @ashleytisdale instead of watching it by myself in my dark garage w/ my dad snoring B4 i go to bed! Ahh! 
y dnt any1 comment me bk or anything i feel like no1 wants to tlk 
Y do curls always drop out of my hair  x
y do I consistantly let my gas tank get damn near below the E before I fill my baby up? I'm sorry Lexie 
Y do I keep getting these headaches? 
Y do i need to be at work .. if no one else is here 
y do i only have 2 people following me  people follow me please x
y do we have to write so many exams...   ...
y does de weather always change so quick??? i hate rain 
y does my life only consist of work and no play 
Y does no1 speak to meee? 
y is it raining,its so sad  now i cant go out 2 nyt coz its 2 cold.bt wudnt b anywer els in the world. CAPE TOWN ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Y IS IT SO COLD UP HERE?!?!?!? omggggg state college! 
y is it so hard 2b dissapointed when u knew it was coming?somebody in your life will no longer b there.y do drugs change ppl? 
Y is keyshia takin so long....this is the longest intermission ever 
y is life so boring these days??   skool on mondaii!!! 
Y is my chest so tight? Y do I feel like this 
Y is my room so fing hotttttt  this ac is gonna make me sick 
y isnt it as sunny as yesterday 
Y me?! Seriously....? 
Y oh y did i leave my work till da last min now i am stuck inside where it nice n sunny  
Y que las 2:43 mama el Gears of War........ 
Y r u cleaning the house you have to go to work! I am sure you didn't help mess it up! 
Y romy acotao... I miss my none having to do shit days... 
Y sigo sometiendole al precalculo a las 5am examen a las 8am  Non stop 8 hours of study
Tweeting from behind the wheel of a VW MICROBUS and I think I might cry. I want one so so bad 
TWEETING FROM CELL ISN'T MUCH FUN    LOL
Tweeting from Mexico City - didn't make connection, ground crew gave our seats away  But found an airport hotel and CRASHED w/tired kids
Tweeting from my phone now. The broken Facebook update has made my ipod touch unuseable. I might have to do a restore 
tweeting from my sisters laptop yaya.is britney comming to Australia .?  xxx
Tweeting from Napa: checking in on #ttl (can't find the wines here !!! 
Tweeting from tweetdeck on iPod... Would be much better on an iPhone though  *sigh* #squarespace maybe?
tweeting is getting addictive now  when will i look for a job??
tweeting on Twitter. @TinkFan out cleaning our backyard. I'd be out there 2, but I'm allergic 2 dog saliva. 
tweeting slow from cell 
tweeting through dopey's cellphone.. whoa, i missed alot of stuffs. not good. 
Tweeting: isn't as fun as it used to be. 
tweetless for a while...i was sick 
Tweetless...x   
TweetMic still not working though 
tweets ...wow...cleveland sports really is rigged up...they dont want us 2 ever win a ship   .like this is a training camp for stars...
Tweets at 4:30 ftl. I just woke up and can't get back to sleep. 
tweets far less enticing/interesting when you accidentally hit the return key before you're done 
Tweets talk about sushi tei so much  me can't eat raw salmon, yet grrr grrr  ol fashioned doc!
Watching a movie on LMN my faaave! My allegies are killing me  ima take some medicine and probably knock out...sweet dreams &lt;3
watching a movie then bedtime// gym was closed tonight  // but trainer tomorrow 
watching a movie with justin tomorrow 
Watching a movie with tasho! rainy day  can't go to the pool today! Oh well, last night was fun.
Watching a movie, ugh I hate being sick. 
watching a movie. umm knee is still hurting from last game which was may 21st.... that cant be good 
Watching a movie...The boys are putting Chris's new shop fan together...My body is starting to hurt 
watching a naked show called eloquent beauty. Damn rancid cabin fever 
Watching A Night at the Roxbury. So hilarious. Dude seriously fug being a girl. I have the worst cramps ever 
Watching a progress bar go across the screen. Very, very dull and tedious. 
watching a really big storm blow over our baby trees. 
watching a scary movie with cuba gooding jr.  i don't like scary movies.  
Watching a scary movie with my parents was NOT a good idea..idk if I'm gonna be able to sleep now 
y the hell am i losing 1 follower per day... ppl not liking me? 
y won't it stop raining  finally graduated school all have left to do now is exams so good luck to anyone doin their exams this summer x x
y wont my body let me sleep a little longer  i suck
y wont sam reply 
Y won't these nosebleeds quit, had 2 pullover earlier much thanks to one  x
Y!:Can't believe its going to be 100 degrees on saturday  http://twitter.com/Hucks_mom
Y!:Why when I intend to go out the rain come? 
Y&amp;R fans don't get upset but ya girl NIKKI NEWMAN will be exiting the show.They can't agree on money. 
Y?  what's wrong baby
y@entertainme09 so yeah i feel very loyal 2 #tscc &amp; rightfully so, it was awesome, full of heart &amp; story &amp; action. its missed veryyy much 
ya but we only have like 152 fan 
ya could hit me up on aim or here cause i am mad bored nuttin 2 do 
ya da vinci code really sucked....
ya ged3an my browsers are infected when i open pages ie window opens in it like a pop up spam that happen even with google page any help 
ya i remembr haha im jealous   asshole *PuNcH DaNcE*
ya i think i should fade away from her this time. 
Ya know the more I think about it, I am not happy at all about going to the big house. 
Ya know what six about having an art business? No hope for venture capital or scaling.  I need a job
ya know, i hate to wear this girl stuff. i can't be hyperactive  u know what is it?
ya know, I thinx I really miss...  my calgary peeps.      
Ya tuu vida y tu me importa un pinchii Bledoo...  It hurts but I can't be bad anymore... Â¬Â¬ :'(
Tweett Mee Pleaase, im boreed  OMG cantt wait for britains got talent FINAL tonight.. hopefully susan dont win, shes already famous!!! =/
Tweettweeet I missss our kathryn &lt;3 
tweettweet morning twitters fell out my bed I ant gonna say y right now gettin ready and bumping jayz -dead presidents y?? ..ha  rain
tweettweet. woah! i totally forgot my little &quot;tweetweet&quot; thing at the beginning of my update yesterday ! 
Tweetvisor says that there was an error whilst updating my status on Twitter.  
Tweety bird is broken !!! Or I don't know how to use it properly 
Twello Foodie Tweets @ddelarama I still can't eat!  Gaahhh, I keep dreaming of FOOD. Haha! http://tinyurl.com/p8xau3
Twello Foodie Tweets @justjake My phone juice died  I was at your house while you were at .. http://tinyurl.com/qln4qo
Twelve thirty. Too late to take sleeping pills. 
Twenty four hours isn't very long 
Tweople! My back hurts 
TWhirl isn't working  pj time!
twhirl not working....tweets not coming thru 
Twibble #fail: cant follow/unfollow. 
Twibble isn't working @LeeMifsud  do it for me sometime pls?
twice in a week Qantas club lounge computers broken  #flyertalk
Twice in one week: Why do SUVs and humongous sedans INSIST on parking in COMPACT car parking spaces????? 
Twice my starter has blown out the top of the flask. My precious yeast 
Twiiter is messed up...I can't reply to anyone. 
twikini's features aren't working with the ROM that I flashed so I can't give it a really fair try because I font want to flash stock  
Twilight 309 
Twilight breaks my heart everytime I watch bella tell charlie she's leaving 
Twilight done filming in Vancouver?! I didn't even get to see Robert Pattinson yet! 
Twilight isn't as good the second time around 
twilight. is. still. becoming. more. popular ?!?! usually these are phases that wear out really soon... too bad 
twing to figure this thing out 
Twins? Not so winning tonite. 
twipic is not working. 
twisted her ankle!!! and can't walk!!! but i still want 2 run!!! 
Twisted my ankle playing Badminton last night. Thought it was ok but I can barely walk this morning. 
twisted my ankle which is now in the process of swelling 
Twisted/sprained my ankle yesterday. Doesn't hurt if I walk, but hurts if I do anything else with it 
Twit break I'm tired stressed and agitated and hungry 
Twit live stream very buggy right now. 
twit pic failed...probably a had to be there moment anyway 
twit pics wont post to page? 
twit, my way out of grad traffic.  
Twitch is in heat again, i didnt think it would happen so fast after she just had kittens, they were stillborn tho 
watching a scary movie...scared as fuck 2 go 2 da kitchen 2 get some water 
Watching a special on Jon&amp;Kate Gosselin. It's making me sad. 
watching a special on the history of Jones Beach...making me more sad 
watching a twitters video thing...  why does current.com call us losers??? 
watching a very emotional reportage about a 43year-old mother who's got lung cancer and died...trying not to cry 
Watching a walk to remember w/val-just bawled my eyes out the part where jamie tells him always gets me  all valerie did was laugh at me .
Watching a woman on a reality tv show. She is very obese and just stopped for two fast food meals because she was hungry. I feel sad. 
Watching across the universe. Right now the movie is sad and I'm sad 
Watching Adam graduate 
watching all kinds of highlights of Lakers celebrating... blegh! 
Watching all these couples cuddling makes me miss @cloud_ax 
watching amelie and wishing I was french! 
twiteeeeeeeeeeeeeeers!!! gettin' into another subject i'm  ... i was stood up... this &amp;%Â·*$)/&amp;&amp;...
twiter is confussssinnnggg me 
Twithread hates me; won't let me post, Keyboard hates me; won't let me type 
TwitPic ging nicht 
twitpic hates me 
Twitpic is not working. 
twitpic isn't working for me  devo, were are the lions?!
twitpic not loadingv 
Twitpic on twitterberry's not working. Says file type not supported. 
twitpics not working 
Twitted doesn't work on my phone! 
Twitted is lame when you don't have friends 
Twitted reminds me that I'm the only person that actively boycotts MTV, BET and VH1. 
Twittelator is failing me and not being able to access twitter.  sadface
twitter + cellphone = will not effing work! 
twitter a &quot;killer app&quot; - literally   http://bit.ly/W9saS
twitter account was suspended over the weekend coz it linked to our site, which had been compromised by mallware  .. but we're back now!!
twitter allows so little procrastination  wish someone would hurry up and do something interesting on facebook
twitter and facebook 
twitter and myspace have stolen my soul  watching poa.
Twitter and second life are WAY different. My avatar says so. Graduation tonight... should be memorable. Nice group of kids leaving us. 
twitter api is maintaining  Táº¥t cáº£ cÃ¡c app gá»?i api twitter Ä‘á»?u bá»‹ fail tron.. http://tinyurl.com/r5onuf
Twitter app, why are you not working on my phone ? 
Twitter appears to have stalled.  
Twitter ate my profile page background. 
Twitter ate my tweet!  I SAID...I washed the lucky out of my lucky socks.  
Ya wanna know how I'm starting my summer off. . .   With a cold/ sinuses 
yaaaaaaaaaaay @sophhs GREG WONN &amp;$%ï¿½ï¿½$ï¿½%CVXDGWREGDTGg YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY, butt itss overrrrrrr  =( D:
Yaaaaaaaaay just got &quot;the Host&quot; from Stephenie Meyer. Is it good? I mean of course nothing could be as good as the twilight series 
yaaaaaaaayy i have vacation! only 4 days 
yaaaaaay just got back from the fuckin 23 hours long journey to endland.. iï¿½m fuckin tired i need to sleep.. 
yaaaay my picture won't show up... 
Yaaaay! People are finally greenifying themselves for #Iran. Stop the violence. 
yaaah more guild drama  we lost another member and im slowly taking my toons out now - elitism FTL -  hoping it gets better but its making
Yaaay getting a tan. . . . finally ! I've been working so much that I can't take advantage of the sun 
Watching American idol, but I already no who wins thanks to twitter 
Watching Americas Got Talent... Nick Cannon is an irritating amateur... Poor Mariah 
Watching aMtv it's the only time they actually give music videos MTV ain't wat it used to be not enuff music 
Watching an old episode of OTH. Oh, I miss it. When is it gonna be back over here? 
Watching an old friend slowly start talking to a guy that's going to treat her horrible and there's nothing I can do. I feel helpless 
watching Andrew Zimmern in person woud make me want to go vegan 
Watching another lovely day go by whilst sitting indoors doing work 
Watching another re-run of Girls Next Door .. wishing it was back 2 the way it use 2 b 
Watching another stupid sunrise.. This is getting to be to hard.    
Watching Arashi &gt; Research Methods B report writing 
watching armageddon. very sad 
watching Army Wives and it always makes me cry 
Watching ASAP on TFC &amp; all the songs r 'bout fire &amp; burnin'. How hot is it truly in the Phils? Oh wait, don't answer that. Me be jealous! 
Watching Australia while tending to my injured doggy... 
watching bad tv and wishing that this day would somehow get better 
watching band camp can;t sleep again 
watching band of brothers. last episode 
Twitter back up... and running super slow 
Twitter bout going back to slo  boo
Twitter broke in the middle of my MS conference viewing... 
Twitter broke my iPhone 
Twitter can apparently not be updated from my phone. &quot;HTTP Access forbidden&quot; 
Twitter chato 
twitter confuses me. 
twitter deck does not work in the office 
twitter didnt work for a while their?? 
Twitter died tonight 
twitter doesn't allow us to sing long enough comments 
Twitter doesnt let me on , on my phone  RawR
Twitter doesn't like me anymore...It doesn't let me upload a picture  I guess I'll be pictureless :S
twitter doesnt want me 
Twitter down? - It is to me  http://tumblr.com/xi71wt79t
twitter est mort ce W-E ... 
Twitter exploded my phone. 
twitter fail!!! 
twitter fam i just woke up im wide awake cant go back to sleep 
twitter fam.... let down once agian.  why do i get my hopes up to be dropeed like this. oh well. top ramen soup for me tonight. bye.
twitter firefox add-on, ektos toy twitterfox ? (moy ksezoumizei tin cpu).... 
Twitter forgets everytime that I had minimized the Trending Topics module 
Twitter gets me so excited like hope and depression like yay i have a text and then its just a tweet! Meh!!!!  Lol
Twitter got quiet  :p
Twitter has become my boyfriend number 2, boyfriend number 1 is working all day 
twitter has come to bore me. Not going to Grand Ol Day because of the cold and rain 
Twitter has finally gone mad! Can't follow anyone &amp; the secure/non secure stuff is still coming up - time for maintenance me thinks 
Twitter has spoiled all the fun. Frustratingly slow!!  couldnt even bid properly!
twitter has stopped me from tweeting - I have reached my limit - sorry to all players - I cant continue now.....  bye
Twitter hates me 
Twitter HATES me!  What I do?
twitter hates me. 
twitter hates me....cant upload a new pic 
Twitter homepage is really funny still. Have no idea what's going on. Makes it very hard to use. 
twitter i have neglected u 
twitter iis reallyy fcking up on myypc  haha stupid cavs lol
twitter in Adium is sooo confusing me  *sticks to EventBox*
yaaay,bought my ticket,leaving Peru june 26,will miss my food 
YAAAYYYY! I AUDITION TODAY FOR AGT! (americas got talent) &amp; i'm sick 
Yaar... I so wanna get a sip of some drink now. 1 of the main dis-advantages of being with ur parents- always dry. 
yaay at home  i will sleep XDD @TraceCyrus cute picÂ´s ;)
Yaay my ticket came in the mail today! 
yaay. swimming. yaay. badminton. yaay. owww fuck. i hate sun burns. 
yack yack -- resorting to these :#2&amp;!@#$%^&amp;*()etc. to stay within twitter limits?? not good 
Yackn my brains away...i love bein sick 
yah im just gonna give up rite now. no famous person is ever going to talk to me 
Yah me too 
Yah! iphone is updated! not really much difference  my birthday soon! diamonds &amp; bentleys in the post x
yahoo answers can be a butt sometimes
Yahoo finally goes mobile ! http://new.m.yahoo.com/ but is sucks 
Twitter is acting real quiet. I'm guessing its behaving badly for us all.  twitter-dont u know ur my life line to the outside world?!?!
Twitter is acting really weird 
twitter is acting weird 
Twitter is all messed up. I am trying to follow people who are following me and it's not letting me!  #itsucks 
Twitter is awesome  
Twitter is back up! YEY;; mamas eyes and mine still red and swollen; how do you get rid of the *sad?   would like suggestions please?
twitter is being a beeyotch 
twitter is being a bitch! had to make a new profile 
twitter is being dumb and possibly not working 
Twitter is being freaky  all the letters are huge!
twitter is being mean to me. 
Twitter is being retarded... &quot;Help&quot; isn't working  #USAWantsMcFly
Twitter is blocked from China... Soon, Streamy too, I guess. No more updates... Sorry 
Twitter is blocked in China now.  Support EFF and ACLU because censorship and being less free is no fun!
twitter is boring 
twitter is boring  i am so alone
twitter is boring... nothing happens on this 
twitter is confusing ...... help!!!!!   
twitter is confusing! 
twitter is crashing my phone 
twitter is currently unable to unfollow anyone due to a bug. Tweet snooze won't work right now b/c it just unfollows for you temporarily. 
Twitter is dead tonight, everyone must be out having a life.  Or sleeping, at this point. I remember when I used to sleep normally...
Twitter is deleting my direct messages and post new ones in my DM box two hours late 
Twitter is DETERMINED not to let me change/fix/update my pic.  
Twitter is down? 
twitter is getting less fun everytime.... 
TWITTER IS GOING 2 B DOWN @ 11 FOR AN HOUR!!!! i may die... 
Twitter is going down for maintenance in an hour... 
TWITTER IS GONIG TO BE DOWN FOR AN HOUR 
Twitter is good but i have no friends 
Twitter is just not the same when everyone i talk to has the day off 
Twitter is kinda boring no one accepts you and when you try search for your friends nothing comes up im getting bored i only hav 1 person 
Watching Barbie against his will. 
watching basketbll alone 
watching Batman and wishing you were here  ah... or that i had a car so i could go to you
Watching bb tired 
Watching Beauty and the Beast! I'm 22 tomorrow and rather gutted about it  reliving my youth through Disney movies! lol xx
watching bed time stories with my broha.... and not feeling well... but needing to do some homework.... 
Watching Beethoven makes me want another dog 
Watching Bernie Mac Show re-runs, so sad he is gone... he was so funny 
Watching beverly hills chihuahua it makes me miss my tommy puppys  haha
Watching BGT, but really wishing I was at a BZ concert. Having withdrawls. 
watching big brother after giving my son the best birthday ever he's now 2!!!  he's so big now
Watching Big Brother XD Rodrego is well cuute xx shame he's gay 
Watching Big brother. Been proper bored today-nothing to do now finished schl  Need a job (Y)
Watching Blackadder. All the best programmes were ages ago. 
Watching Blankety Blanks before bedtime. I miss Graham Kennedy. And the 70s 
watching bleach and eating sugar free chocolate pudding. it's so bland.  but it's what i have to do to stick to my diet. /sigh.
Watching Bleach. So tired, don't think I'll be able to stay up long enough to watch Code Geass. 
yahoo360 is closing down on jul13..  time to move to my new place
yak shaving 
yakk.. baru pulang dre party.. huff. cape. buka tv ada vd. horeee. pengen ke EX. dah telat tapinya. 
yal see that beyonce music video Halo. thats exactly how he lookd at me, breaks my heart, feel so baaad. 
Yall any Italian got twitter?? 
Yall blazin without me???   *InFlightSchool*
yall im kinda bored somebody please talk to me 
yall im SO bored right now 
Y'all I'm so tired. I really dislike standing for 8 hours straight  this is a job that should require, by law, a foot massage right a ...
YA'LL TODAY HAS GOT TO BE THE WORST DAY OF MY LIFE I GOT FIRED FROM MY JOB! 
Yankee stadium...in the rain  http://bit.ly/1u6Qw
Yankees lose after a bad last Inning 7:9 against the Rays 
Yankees rained out tonight 
Yao is done for the season with a broken foot.  Show @BlaqueSatinDoll some love as she's gonna need once she hears the news 
Yao is out for the rest of the play offs 
Yao Ming out for remainder of play-offs with broken foot 
yao ming out for the reminder of the nba playoffs  http://tinyurl.com/qcbm4l first tracy mcgrady now yao.
yao out for the season  on the bright side at least I'm not a mavs fan
Twitter is lame with nobody to follow and no followers. 
Twitter is mainly used for conveying some information but these people used to chat here 
twitter is making me double tweet again.  not fair!
Twitter is making me feel like I have no friends  ... I'm going to go creep on Facebook instead.
twitter is making me sad..everyting reminds me of @thomasfiss and itz heart wrenching  s0meone help..
twitter is making me so mad! what's the point of knowing what important people are doing if i can't @reply them?!  
TWiTTER iS MAKiNG ME UPSET, iT WONT SHOW MY PiC 
twitter is messed up on my computers 
twitter is messed up on my phone 
twitter is not good to insomniacs 
Twitter is NOT useless. 
Twitter is not visual  I would prefer VizTwitter, with Tweet images of a max height #vizthink
Twitter is not working for me  I am not getting any updates... doubt anyone will see this... not sure it my tweets are being seen?
Twitter is not working very well for me... and Marc Faber over dinner is exahusting fare... 
Twitter is now closed in china 
Twitter is overcapacity again   They need to buy more servers
Twitter is quiet  just celebs tweeting which is boring cos they never reply rude huh!
Twitter is quiet and boring with broken @replies. I miss my voyeuristic one-sided conversations 
twitter is screwing up  not cool
twitter is slow today 
twitter is slow today after that maintenance 
Twitter is slower than Sarah Palin tonite!! 
twitter is so hard to figure out  I just eat left over pizza mmmmmm
Twitter is so quiet when there's no livefeed twittering   Hello?  Is anyone still out there?
Twitter is soo boring without some friends to follow 
Twitter is stupid... I had three @ messages that I just now saw.  boo, twitter, boo.
Twitter is supposed to be fun 
watching bloodrayne on scifi and wishing I could see my mom she's in Arizona 
Watching blue collar comedy tour. I have a major headache 
Watching bone-dry German TV news, talking about Euro election. The BNP are the first thing they mention when talking about the UK 
Watching bones, pretty sure it's like the last episode. 
Watching Boring Sunday Tv   .x.
watching braves lose 
Watching bride wars and missing my best friend 
watching bridezillas... No HD  timewarner doesn't have WE in HD
Watching Britains Got Talent, the sad songs bring a tear to my eye lmao 
watching brothers and sisters. still feel sick 
Watching Buffy   /sob... Is sad...
watching C.S.I. why do they play the SAME episodes 
Watching camp rock, on gotta find you, when joe sang this last night, he sounded so beautiful 
watching carnivale i should have gone to school 
watching cartoons instead of studying 
Watching cartoons w/ a sick &amp; sleepy Nolabear. It's weird when she's lethargic and lackluster. Polar opposite bear. 
twitter is the only fun social network that's not blocked at work,, yay! hope it doesn't get blocked soon 
twitter is trippin right now with my pic 
twitter is trippin. 
twitter is under maintenance  bahaah i am obsessed
twitter is very quiet with all you people enjoying the good weather....It's just started to rain here 
twitter isnt as exciting as facebook 
twitter isn't enough against bullets and axes 
twitter isn't letting me change my background 
Twitter isnt letting me change my picture. ï¿½_ï¿½ It says 'thats a nice picture' and then stays the same. 
Twitter isn't letting me follow any more people ... ARGH! 
Twitter isn't sending me all my mobile updates. 
twitter isn't telling me how many characters my posts are...  i think my mac needs updating 
Twitter isn't working for me right now 
Twitter Isnt Working On My Computer  Laaaame. On Stickam!!!
twitter isnt working on my phone 
Twitter keeps crashin my phone  managed to get on can't sleep sheep are keepin me awake ... Poor wee things
Twitter keeps freezing up on me  #mmwanted
Twitter lost my pic   &amp; it will not let me load a new one!!
Twitter makes me miss people   
twitter makes me sad  so much famous people but i am not part of them just because i live in germany and not america :'-()
twitter may have been a mistake... now i'm getting spam in my inbox 
Twitter mobile doesn't allow me to reply to tweets 
twitter my toe hurts 
Twitter never complies with what I want to do 
Twitter Noob Lonely 
Twitter on my phone!! Cool!! I cant sleep though 
Twitter pics are driving me nuts!  Won't load my pic... 
twitter problems  and the show starts... #connected
Yard sale at my house today! I'm tired. 
Yard work sucks  I need to somehow become independently wealthyâ€¦
Yarg. Stupid #hp power supply died  Why must me electronics be so damned finicky. Now I have to find one online because the #NEX has not.
Yas! Summer sale prep! I just can't wait!  x x
Yasmina may of won... but who cares... no Margaret next year 
yawn .. hard day 
yawn city in here 2nytyyy man  lol
Yawn doin science hw  still got maths to do
yawn so tired  and i hafta get readddyD: gosh dammit
Yawn yawn yawn! I heavy want a dominos 
Yawn! Baked beans on toast for dinner, long days at work call for desperate measures. I had yummy asparagus tagliatelle lined up too 
Yawn! I just got up so I can start getting ready for school.  Oh, Bic (Jaxson) and Buff (Ryan) are coming over but I will be in school! 
Yawn!! Just got up. Getting ready for school. 
YAWN!! Me is the tiredness!, want bed now! Sleep sleep! 
YAWN!!! Best get to uni 
yawn!!! supra sleepy and also have a neck ache... a bad one 
Yawn, sleeping in till all hours again. At least it is before midday today! Sadly next 2 weeks will be 6am starts  one extreme to another!
yawn, so tired now. Definitely calling it a night. 
YAWN. sunday is supposed to be day of rest. 
Yawn. Time to get up.  Another busy morning ahead.
Yawn. Today going so slow... 
Yawn... I have a very busy Sunday. 
Yawn... Just woke up. Too early.. I still have a hour of sleep  http://myloc.me/4CG0
Yawn......gonna hit the sack can't believe Sunday is over 
yawn....another day in work and it's sunny AGAIN 
Watching casualty. No ones txting me back  LOL
watching CCEA then hw time; still sick 
watching Celtics-Magic.. sana yung Lakers-Rockets na lang.. daya! 
watching changeling, it's weird, I don't like being sick 
watching Changeling.  Well, sort of - I don't like the nasty bits so I go look at restaurant city during them and just listen 
Watching 'Changeling'.. it's 15 minutes in and already sad 
Watching Cheetah Girls in pediatric emergency room while Will gets stitches 
watching chelsea lately then trying to sleep. ugh, i hate this. 
watching chelsea vs everton, and everton scored an early gol 
watching chelsea.. i love her!! john and kate.... 
watching chopped....wishing i was a chef 
WATCHING CHUCK season 2 MARATHON again  @nbc PLEASE SAVE CHUCK,PLEASE,CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT IT 
watching church online because I'd be half an hour late by the time I got there 
watching CLICK and it is sad toward the end. i wanna cry! 
Watching click. All by myself.  oh well tonight was great. Good night everyone. &lt;3Verenise&lt;3 blv.n.ul.c
watching clips fro kfest which i didn't get 2 g2 
watching clouds roll past my window, starting to doubt i'll be climbing this afternoon 
watching CMA music fest on GAC wishing i was going this year 
Watching CNN news - hope they find that plane! Not looking good though 
Watching CNN, Sounds of people screaming during home invasions. I can only imagine what they're going through. 
yawn....im bored 
yawn...it's freezing here 
Yawn...time for a nap! I wish @Timmyy0522 was home, too! 
YawNnnnn _slight headache n hangover grrr 
-yawns some more- I've got work in an hour and a half, this isn't good 
Yawns... Huh? It's 12 noon?  Can I just hibernate some more? Nothing to do anyway.
Yay ! Shakespeare complete... Currently filling of misc. forms - how funnnn . 
Yay ! The show Chuck is coming back next season ! It was almost canceled   2nd Fave Show !! Scrubs being 1st of course !
yay @JJBadfish2 and I are in the top 5 of Survivor 5 Boroughs...e...I wish @shamrox was there too though 
yay 1 week to my birthday sooo hope win wicked lottery the one time i deserve to win lol  but an exam first 
Yay 2 test today! NOT! And to top it off my damn internet aint workin, FML 
YAY 47 Days till McFly at Sherwood Pines, and Yes Kara, I was awake at stupid o clock yesterday. 
yay 62 followers! still waiting for 63, u know who I'm talking about. Also waiting for my friend to bring me some soup and hot tea. 
twitter reverted to an old pic  what's with that?
Twitter rocks but need 2 go 4 a shower so a need 2 put my iPhone down well gutted 
Twitter Search is a great concept but broken as hell 
Twitter seems to be having problems today... 
Twitter sem papagaio Ã© triste!!!! 
Twitter should have more layouts 
twitter shuttin' down in half an hour 
twitter sucks because it is only showing @DaveyMuise &amp; @ryan_AFTB as my followers when i have 10 
Twitter sucks poopybutt today and tonight. Its not working for me 
Twitter sucks!  i want some dairy queen.
twitter sucks.it wont upload my photo 
twitter tÃ¡ ficando monÃ³tono 
TWITTER THIS IS MY FIRST DAY, WHAT A WAY TO WELCOME ME  NO LOVE 
TWITTER TIME! home from school. got to school 5 mins before the bell. it was close. now i feel sick cos i had crap pizza at school 
Twitter tip: If you have a problem with a company add this symbol to your tweet   [Its actually a twitter feature].  For example: Dell 
Twitter tools not working properly   Rusty motorbike bike on tfpc = http://bit.ly/CUv68
Twitter totally let me down. I tried to Tweet regarding ABC News male anchor wearing too much pink lipgloss but it never went through. 
twitter twatter chitter chatter to myself... 
TWITTER TWITTER TWITTER! I missed you 
twitter updates have slowed down  lol everyonees too busy doing eng. its SO easy. everyones making it out be the hardest thing eva done.
twitter updates not working on my fb 
twitter upsets me 
twitter virgin but my Berry just broke down 
twitter vom iphone unfortunatelly not mine...  by the way:SCHLURICUP2009!!!
Twitter was gone for ages. Mnerrr. I have an exam in half an hour. Prayers plz. 
watching come dine with me in the sanctity of my room- am back at uni though   WHOO english term though!
Watching come dine with me making me rather hungry 
Watching Come Dine With Me. Food looks lovely. What am I having for tea? Cheese on toast. 
Watching Conan's first show back and then bed....School Tomorrow 
watching confessions of a shopaholic and doing my homework 
watching confessions of a shopaholic wishing i had a job 
Watching Cops on NBC, Vegas episode.  See streets I traveled and sites I saw for years makes me miss it.  I know Vegas better than home! 
Watching croc hunter and a pregnant orangantan and died  How depressing! This is why i shouldn't watch animal programmes...-V
watching CSI New York Season Finale again...... i really miss Angell... 
Watching CSI On my iPod... there is a HUGE Thunder storm.  OMG
Watching Daisy of Love. Fox is gone 
watching daisy of love. omg i can't believe they want chi chi to go home! 
watching Dark Angel on my lunch break...while everybody is at home in bed 
watching dark angel, being lazy, dont ever think about studying for the exam next week. life is beautiful! (till next week 
Yay broken down on my bike. Anyone know how to fix the ignition circuits of a 99 suzuki sv650 
Yay closing Friday nights, opening/double on Saturday. 
yay cuts a dont like invade ma house yay 
Yay done simulink. Now report 
Yay falafels with kim kim! I hope were not late to rehearsal 
Yay finally finished work for the week - but miss out on the long weekend everyone else is getting 
Twitter was really messed up last night. 
twitter were are you hello mom get on twitter what is sad?&gt; i know ur on twitter mom   you make me cry! sniff' sniff
Twitter will be down at 10 
Twitter will be down for one hour of planned maintenance starting at 8p Pacific Friday 
twitter will go on maintenance in 15 mins 
twitter will never conquer the social networking world if it goes 'over capacity' all the time 
Twitter won't let me change my bg 
twitter won't let me change my layout 
twitter wont let me change my picture 
Twitter won't let me change my picture 
twitter wont let me change my picture or info &gt;_&lt; ...going back to school now 
twitter won't let me follow anyone today  #failwhale
Twitter won't let me log on on my laptop 
Twitter wont let me put a pic up 
Twitter wont let me tweet 
Twitter won't let me update online. My update box won't work. 
twitter wont listen to me 
Twitter won't load.  http://plurk.com/p/yry8h
Twitter won't update profile pics again, don't try and change yours.  It's broken  
Twitter won't upload my new pic  so sad
Twitter won't work from my computer  so now i have to go though all of this crap just to update it.
twitter world: why can't i delete some of my tweets? it's so embarrassing to make a typo and not be able to fix 
Twitter wouldnt let me on...having withdrawals...i love my messages..if i cant get them..i am sad!!! 
Twitter y are u being such a twat! I only wanted to say I played poker for the first time and won...but u wont let me 
Twitter you are not being friendly with me right now - i might have to take you out back and show you that you are boss 
Twitter you are not working right. I don't have time for this!! 
Twitter 'z blocked in here for a while..  didn't make it for one fuckin' week... huh....
TWITTER! AYMISYU! I can't twit via my mobile anymore. 
twitter! im back!! battling this GA heat! UGH!! and being a LAME in the house instead of all these BDAY bash after parties! 
TWITTER!!! OMG I have been gone for 2 whole days. I miss you guys** Whats been going on?? I am kinda tired though so I might be out soon 
TWITTER!!!!!!!!!! YOU ANNOY ME!!!!!!!!! SO I'M GOING TO YELL AT YOU!! WHY WON'T YOU LET ME UPLOAD MY PICTURE. I'VE TRIED OVER 20 TIMES. 
Twitter, problems 
Twitter, why do you give me a hard time when I want to upload a new picture, GRRR! 
twitter.. stop crashing 
twitter..bcuz my phone doesnt have any service wher im at 
Twitter::  Just got back from the social studies exam. it was hard   But i'm still guarenteed to pass! 
Twitter?! I'm already late 
twitter= im not feeling it. 
Twitter=fail won't let me search for new buddies right now! 
TwitterBar for Mozilla is no good 
TwitterBerry hates me 
Twitterberry is going bye bye on the 8th on my phone. No more blackberry 
Twitterberry is so confusing to use 
Twitterbreak everyone.. The real exam starts tomorrow. Laptops&amp;ipods are locked securely in a safe. So, I wont be seeing ur updates tay 
Twitterers, im gonna do something pretty drastic tomorrow. It's pretty heartbreaking actually. Wish me luck! 
TwitterFon always crashes. 
Twitterfon crashing on iPod touch when I favourite something 
Twitterfon hates me... My limit has been exceted ... Whatever that means... 
twitterfon is not responding for some reason 
TwitterFon is not working.  But watching the Softball College World Series. Hoping Georgia wins this game. Florida will win it all though.
Twitterfon update now includes ads  didn't see that in the list of updates!
Twitterfox is buggy- I'm not getting updates 
TwitterFox is Dead 
Twitterfox is not work  So I don't check twitter now 
TwitterFox not working for me this morning. 
TwitterFox still dropping tweets. 
twitterGadget= horrible 
Twitterific is down 
Twitterific is making me sad with its UI regressions. Medium grey text on a slightly darker background is really hard to read 
Watching Dark Knight....I still can't believe Heath Ledger is gone. 
Watching D-Day 65th anniversary coverage on CNN. Leaving for hospital soon. My ear has been bugging me since yesterday. 
Watching death race....found out sandra cantu is dead 
Watching defiance with my parents... It's really good and really sad so far 
watching Degrassi ! &lt;3 awe; JT was so, so cute. 
watching Degrassi all night. they're gonna play the one where Rick goes psycho &amp; shoots Jimmy 
Watching Degrassi on the N. Its so emotional. Terri with Rick. Then Rick with Jimmy.   Rick just has issues.
watching Desperate Housewives on TV. Season 2 &gt; Season 5. I miss the old characters 
watching Desperate Housewives. Eadie dies tonight not happy about it  she is the only one that comes out with the best calls its hilarious
watching Desperate Housewives. Edie dies tonight not happy about it  she is the only one that comes out with the best calls its hilarious
watching desperate housewives.....have to watch rest of series 4....AM SOOOO behind. 
Watching Diary of the Dead and doing some studying before my exam tomorrow 
watching Disaster movie..... lol then going to bed, not feeling well  goodnight xo
Watching Disneychannel.  Im sick  I has A bad headache
Twitterific is not letting me login 
twitterific is still broken for me 
Twitterific=not working 
twitterin alone 
twitterin' blues...on a friday night. 
twittering from office is not a good idea  !!
Twittering in bed. Not feeling well.. 
Twittering in my bed  xD | Someone made me yesterday confused 
twittering without my spectacles breaks my heart 
twittering? ah......I work all weekend...no fun in punxsy for me 
twitterland adios! =D. .. and omg ... fewer days of vacation  haha. ..
TWITTERNATORS! I come in peace. Well I come in piece.  Naw I'm fine. Feeling extra quirky 2day :&gt; I wish twitter had tweemoticons. 
Twitterrific shows an ad from Wacom's INTUOS4... remembers me how much I want one  http://twitpic.com/6pw3a
Twitterrific updates gone again!  Dang guys, hard week.  good luck Just built first 555 ic board blinking @ 1.38 htz!!! Sweet!!
Twitter's a little bit useless without a fancy shmancy phone-a-ma-jig 
Watching Drag me to Hell it's freaking hot and I'm not allowed to use my a/c 
Watching Drag me to Hell with my sister, its realy freaky. @SureEmily I wish you were here. 
Watching Dream Girls. This movie reminds me of someone. Gah, I miss my Loser buddy. 
Watching EastEnders Revealed while eating chicken noodle soup. Going to get upset all over again re: Danielle &amp; Ronnie. 
watching eastenders while suffering from the flu!!! grrrrrr why is it possible to get a cold in summer ?!? 
Watching Edward Scissorhands... He's so misunderstood 
watching ER. Sad that it is coming to an end. 
watching erin degeneres show, with my sore gum  i think i may have one of my wisdom tooth coming in! or not...
Watching ESPN highlights from ASU vs. Texas CWS game -- Think I might cry... So bummed about the Sun Devils loss! 
Watching Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. 
Watching F1 hamilton spun in the rain 
watching F1 qualifying round results. Tomorrow there will be an exciting race at Ä°stanbul. I wish I could do it.   #Formula1
Watching F1 Race Trulli's already out 
watching family guy and spotifying..hahaha..no sun when I am off 
Twitters about to punish us with an hour long time out 
twitter's becoming boring  how sad
Twitters being lame so I'm done!   Night!
twitter's confusing... 
Twitter's down?  on my way to @kevrosaa's house early =]
Twitters going f*c*ing nuts. Or is it the world?  Wow.
Twitters making my phone freeze so I can't check @'s 
twitters not been workin' on my phone, lately 
Twitter's quiet at 6.53 am GMT +0 (London) 
twitter's slow....  can't see ur updates...  ;)
twitters still really gay  reading marked 8-|
Twitters wackk, goodnight!! Dont wanna go to work tomorroe 
Twitters, Denny Hamlin had another bad Autism Speaks 400 race.  I feel bad for the whole FedEx Racing Camry.
Twitterverse I need to borrow a pickup truck for just one hour tomorrow morning! 
TWITTERVILLE!! had to get it in today no tweets earlier! 
Twittterrrrrrrrrr whattttt ittt doooo. God I'm bored ah 
Twitttter Is so boring these days 
Twitturds must not like my new picture 
twitworld i got class in da mornin  , so ima pull a @VarGasGuRLiMaH bump dat Genesis &amp; rest my head....btw...EVE is bacc :-D double R
Two ads out the door... two more to go, but out of time for today.  Must be bad juju in the creative world... five ads DLing over 3 days 
two and a half hours is NOT long enough, I want to sleep more but my fam won't let me. 
two assignments to finish by wednesday 
Two biology tests this week.. so not fair 
Two blank sheets of paper, four sides. And no idea what to draw. 
Yay finally got a new computer but its vista and its pissing me off haha.  No one listens to little beckie 
Yay finally got my Sims 3 to work on teh new comp so happy, unfortunately there's no speaker  so no sound for now but the sims 3 WORK WOOT
Yay first day of interning!! ...or not?! Where is everyone 
yay for #musicmonday !!! Too bad I can't tweet the song I like right now..ugh 
yay for 1.5-hour long telephone conversation with eric and @wingheikwok!! ... my ear is sweating ... i miss them 
yay for a day off, then work tomorrow  Working at an airport ruins your life 
Yay for a sunny day at last!!! I can't believe winters here already and sooo cold of a morning 
Yay for accounting presentatons 
yay for antibiotics 
YAY FOR BASEBALL SEASON! boo to yankees losing their first game 
Yay for booking a closer hotel to SDCC, but boo for no #Heroes panel this year. 
Yay for brand-spankin' new phone!  =D but not for losing speed dial settings &amp; locked messages!  Guess it was time to let go. Haha. XD
yay for diversity! even though i wanted shaheen to win ! 
Yay for Dollhouse and Chuck!!! Very sad about Terminator  
yay for free beer!  boo to it being kona longboard 
Yay for good tips tonight. Boo for working 11 hours tomorrow 
Yay for heart burn 
Yay for hump day! On a sad note, Kate leaves today. 
watching family guy with allison...shes mean to me 
Watching Family Guy. Not much fun watching it alone 
Watching family outing without ENGLISH SUBTITLE! OMG!~ *like I understand Korean ONLY*. and...I haven't been talking to You alot.  sadded!
watching 'Fanboys'  -  so hilarious! And so true. I did not appreciate the beating up of the Star Trek people though 
watching FandF4. why must they runin all the sexy muscle carsÃ‰ 
WATCHING FAST AND THE FURIOUS NOW! SAD CUZ ABER SAID TINKERBELL IS DEMONIC AND GAY 
watching filo drama, stupid thing! so sadddd 
watching Fired Up wishing my mommy would make us some dumplings 
Watching Firefly (Zac Efron as young Simon made me chuckle) - very sorry this show got cancelled 
watching first 48! Depressing, i might just get a butterknife and fall on it! sheesh! 
watching flames thingies.  i miss my boyssss
Yay for me. I get to wait 2.5 more weeks before I know if I am pregnant or not. 
yay for me....get to take eddie and the chad to the airport so they can go to LA without me 
Yay for meee!!!! I don't even know why  Mat thinks twitter is BULLCRAP!!! EVIL EVIL EVIL LITTLE MAN!!!
yay for midnight due dates, boo for slow search engines, so tired of research papers  
Yay for missing Coldplay next week 
yay for my breaks smoking like they're on fire!!! guess I am without my beloved subaru for a day or 2 - have to drive a pt cruiser - yuk 
yay for neck and shoulder pain. 
yay for nice weather, boo for cici not being here this weekend 
Yay for one day off 
yay for saturdays. nay for not being able to sleep in. 
YAY FOR SNOW!!! ...unfortunately my car is stuck up in Maori Hill.... 
yay for the beach! even though tis not really sunny anymore  i think i mighta jinxed it with my last post.. sorry to those feelin the cool
Yay for the credit crunch, I'm off to my first appointment with the job centre, guess I really am out of work again 
Yay For the Palm Pre. Boo For the cramping Im having. 
yay for tomorrow! boo for shin splints 
yay for visa paperwork..   there is so much of the damn stuff..  
two chem. labs AND math homework.... ugh 
two day long headache is a direct result of the fact that there is no coffee left in my house. 
two days absent cause of allergy! Dang.......i missed the first day of CAT 
two days left of work (counting today)...then a day off.. but dont really get to sleep in bc i have a doctors appt.. 
Two down, one to go. But the last one has said no  Will be going round with dog tomorrow to persuade otherwise.
Two down, one to go.... oh the joys of nights 
Two embarrassing moments this past weekend: finding that my jeans are too small &amp; realising that my shitty biz cards say 'store manager'. 
two exams today and then i am done! ....until after summer 
two fails  i wonder why it went from medium to high risk...? this game... has potential, but...
Two girls just stopped by the house and took our last two kittens 
Two good friends heading to Iceland next week. So jealous. 
Two good news : Kino PS sale and Elpamas concert. Yet I wonder why they drove me close to tears 
Two great results on the soccer side of things today.  2-1 for the Galaxy and USA.  Not so great for the Angels though   1-2
Two guys came in the bathroom while I was in there alone taking a shower. Not cool. Did not feel safe with just a curtain separating us. 
two hours left at work...bored! Then taking Cayden to dr at 2:45 for a bad cough...  AGAIN! RSV wreaked permanent havic on his lungs.
two hours to do this. bummer  should've learned my lesson by now..
Two jobs  Someone kill me.
two midterms tomorrow and 5 after that....its a week of no sleep... 
Two months ago, I became irrelevant. 
watching footloose, it's not really making things any better. 
Watching Fox - Where's Gretchen? 
watching fox news.  More bodies found from air France 
Watching Fred Claus on HBO...not a good movie but at this hour there's not much on 
Watching free practice 1 for Brit GP on BBCi.  Then a shower and shave ready for work at 1 
watching friday the 13th with my Daddy, he wont be home for Fathers day.. 
Watching friday the 13th. Couldnt watch the part where he killed the asian. 
watching friday the 13th..... i'm scared as fuck... wish i had alex 
watching friends , and wow that  thunderstrom today  was dead scary plus my hair got a mess 
Watching friends with out a friend    haha
Watching Fringe. I miss LOST 
watching Fuse on Aubrey's sofa, haha. Mae and Aub are still sleeping 
Watching game #2 with the fam. Go Lakers! Too bad I won't be able to finish watching since there is school tomorrow 
watching garfield 2 - i miss uk soo much 
watching gilmore girls.. going for exam in a minute  not gooooood.
watching girl with a pearl earring.. hate having to use my iPhone for internet, but laptop still broken 
Two months ago, I became worthless. 
Two months ago, my life ended, even though it still goes on. 
two more days in mexico 
Two more days till judgement day  ooooh i still have to study for geo and science test 2moro
two more days until Sims 3... yay! I miss Triple H and Stephanie 
two more days! 
two more hours in this place 
two more patients before our turn comes.  i am bored to death 
Two more shifts till the &quot;weekend&quot;  my life is so boring
Two new big jobs in one day....no time 
two o'clock please come faster 
Two of my fish had a fight... both lost  Damn fish think they are free!
Two of my friends are 23 today! I love them, but hate the fact that they are younger than me! 
Two of the 6 people who are supposed to be at work today are sick, and there's nothing to do. 
Two people have unfollowed me since yesterday 
two pictures from inside AF 447 just before the crash available 
two shots of absynthe in a row... my whole body is burning... MY FEET ARE BURNING. owwwieeeeeee 70% alcohol 
Two shows of Into the Woods at CBHS done. I'll miss everyone when it's over 
Two sick babies  I wish I had 4 arms so I could hold them both all day long
Two sick babies and a hungry Payton at the park! Welcome to my new Mondays. The week for me has just begun 
two staples just went into my foot. 
two stores i'm mad at: H&amp;M and Ikea. They exist in Atlanta...but not nashvile 
Two stray dogs ate my 4 chickens last night.  terrible
yay for waking up really late 
yay free weekend from soccer...wanna do something but have no money 
Yay Ghostbusters is here! Sucks I can't play it for another couple hours though 
Yay glad Diversity won. Though I wanted flawless or aidan 
yay got my pink kone! but it has to charge for 24 hours  http://bit.ly/12Kpxu
yay had fun today....I have a tummyache 
YAY hannah montanas on disney channel fun ......NOT 
yay home. nap time til noon then projects and studying 
Yay I broke another mower 
yay i can access twitter at work! they have facebook blocked!  but thats for the better cuz id be unproductive!
Yay I can fit in my clothes again! I finally lost all my baby weight...I mean BROOKLYN WEIGHT! 
Yay I got to 2000! Now no one turn on me and unfollow me like Diddy 
Watching Girls Next Door Kendra's Leaveing 
Watching Golden Girls on the Hallmark Channel. Rest in peace, Bea Arthur. You were and always will be my favorite Golden Girl. 
watching golf w/the parents. now off to some movie I don't want to see - too bad they don't want to see The Hamgover 
Watching good news week aparently twitterr isn't cool anymore 
watching google wave presentation; b****ks; should have twigged wikimail as email/comms by reference 2 yrs ago 
watching gossip girl   can't belive i'm almost up to the last episode  xo
watching gossip girl. i need a green apple 
Watching greek and I feel so bad for max. 
watching greek then off to bed...i hate waking up at 630 
Watching Greek. Cappie or Max? Cappie or Max? I like them both. 
Watching GSN with Mimi. Wishing I was looking for new houses with @RickShameless 
watching Guess Who? starring @aplusk and Bernie Mac....i love this movie.....i miss bernie mac.... 
Watching hancock the said part is coming on 
Watching Hannah Montana the tv show! lol  the bye bye ball one!  What an ugly day in the Windy City! 
Two week extension on contract ... I'm ready for it to be done 
two weeks 
Two weeks ago I broke notaPad.  Fixing now 
Two Weeks by All that Remains....good song  never gets too high on the countdown though sadly 
Two weeks of about 500cal a day and have I lost any weight?  Barely.  Mom says my boobs have gotten smaller.  That's it 
Two weeks to finish Cubehead  This short development processes are killing me
two weeks. it'll be fun but im only going with my mom 
Two women wearing masks at the airport. Now they won't catch the Ofest fever! 
Two words...: EIPC    FAIL   
Two Worlds Collide - Demi Lovato. i miss @thisisme77 
Two years  god i can't wait *histexasangel*
twofacedbitch.   hahahahhaha. guess who. hahahahha.
Twtter has not been friendly lately. not saaaweeeet 
TWUGS ARE ADORABLE!!! I need a twug  I thought TWUG= Twitter Thug HAHAH
TX for all prayers and concerns for my spouses speedy recovery from his strokes.We are ruling out MS  bills need to be paid more than ever
Txt msging complicates my life! 
Txtin' friends! Mom and sis r fighting! 
yay i love lonely fridayys  
yay its 10am but I have to finish my Art project by today 
Yay its finally summer!!! My first order of business? The dentist. 
yay its snowing !!!!! but i cnt go an play in it cause i have 2 study  i hope its nt snowing 2mro - chem exam oh  no
Yay its sunday!! but skool 2morrow  Its really hot today so maybe going to the aquaparc,, its soooo cool!!!!!!!! xxxx its 11.06 here Spain
yay Kanon has a boxset now. need to get this at some point and watch it again. alone so nobody sees my soul being crushed. 
yay lady gaga is going to be on rove next week that's as close as im going to hewr concert haha lol  xx
Yay Lakers...2009 NBA Champions! I'm putting off entering my grades....I hate end of the year chores. I'm a procrastinator!!! 
ty to those who sent out the tweets abt my lockup..man there were some BUTCHESSS up in thurr they wanted my booty 
Ty woke us up before 6 am  and its going to be a long day! Rockband Party tonight and no time for naps :/
Tylenol Flu Nighttime knocked me out last night....now I felt like I have hang-over! 
Tyler Hamilton's career in cycling has ended following a positive doping control? Sad 
tyler hilton is a sexy beast 
Tyler just went back to North Carolina. Waaa. 
Typical Bank Holiday weather 
Typical bank holiday weather: Rainy and cool. My planned motorcycle ride will have to be substituted for pulling up weeds in the garden 
Typical dull bank holiday weather here very dull  Attempting to summon the energy to go to the shops...
Typical Florida....starts raining the min i get outside to start tanning 
typical friday night- grants tortures gus... gus leaves in a &quot;blaze of glory.&quot; i'm gonna miss nights like these 
Typical hfx rain 
Typical I've got flu when I should be boozing it up on Edinburgh 
Typical no sale rooms for the hotel i want  having to go for Liverpool Street
Typical when tipsy. Never sleep proper. 4am and awake 
Typical, laid wide awake most of the night and now it's time to get up I could sleep for a week!!!! 
Typical, we go the hossie to get answers and problems fixed, and leave with more problems / unknown conditions than what we started with 
Typical. As soon as my exams are over the weather gets crap and i get a freaking cold.. 
Typically Gloomy weather  I miss the sun
Typing a report....soooo boring 
yay listening to a7x.. too bad i deleted most of their songs,coz i thought SOMEONES cd would have worked.. but no it didnt, 
Yay lovely weather for a concert.... 
yay lovely weather outside dudes ;) Im pretty happy and unlucky same time  whatever !
Yay me. At Family Dollar in Florida. It is very very hot &amp; humid here. 
Yay my glasses have arrived in Eastgardens but my toes are too much in pain to be able to go get them 
yay my im a celebrity favorites are going to the finals! yay lou, torrie, and john.   poor patti and sanjaya thou 
Yay my man finally came home last night after working for 2 weeks straight! But now he's off to work again, who knows when he'll be home 
yay my net is now back working. although think my laptop is dying now 
yay my sunburn is nearly all gone , but boooo no one that i actually wanna talk to is on msn 
yay my twilight dvd came in today!!!...just have to wait till tomorrow to get it 
typischer montags-Stress 
typoing my life away 
Tyra's done.  WHAT NOW.
tyrone  thanks for making my years at the golf course unforgettable, RIP
tyty. sleeeps. then hopefully studying all day tmw. 
u better tell me the answer that i wanna hear! 
U can tell its going to be a great dy when u wake up crying and hyperventilating from a dumb dream.... Sunshine day 
U could care less for life ... Huh when u see my bllod all over the news then will u believe I wasn't lieing u crazy twitter 
u could have said goodnight. I'm sorry B my phone wasnt loud enough when u called, i never hurd it &amp; ended up falling asleep  call me  ...
u did me wrong ma. u cut me out of a nigga. cant say u didnt. i talked to him. we were cool, everything was good. u did it tp please him 
U dont like chocolate  
U ever been to NY??? I have not... 
u ever have a friend that u just wonder why are we friends? i know what you get from me but i'm questioning what i'm getting from u. 
u forqot about mee  @yungfr3sh718
u gotta call me cuz I am done wit Paul @marleykid  becuz he b hurting my feelings 
u guys are meanies.... 
u guys really need to have another concert in toronto for the day before or the day after like honestly who wants to sit far back 
u hung up on me 
U know how hard it is when u cant fall asleep because u feel like something is missing? I'm feeling that right now 
Yay only 2 exams to go must say i'm so tired  don't want to go to work tonight
Yay preliminary analysis is done - presentation outline done.  Wish me luck on my 15 min presentation tomorrow  .
Yay Pushing Daisies is back on! Even though it's cancelled... 
YAY THA RAIN IS GONE!!! BUT SO IS THA SUN 
yay the 1st day of june! we didnt create new menu item 2day though 
yay the rents arent home! but this moring was sooooooo looonngg! my brother had his annoying little friend over  ugh!
Yay the sun is back today! Dinner with Kate tonight! Yay someone I know! Butt bad news... I just left by hotel without my room key...ugh! 
yay uncles chens all over kitchen and i can't eat it for the sake of thursday 
YAY Verizon's networks are down so looks like I may not even be able to get a new phone until tomorrow 
yay vista is back. I wanna switch to win7 now 
yay we're going to the zoo even though jon hates me. 
Yay works burning down...oh it's just a fire drill 
Yay yay! Jim &amp; I are at Disneyland- too many people. I can't find the mouse. Lots of Goofy but no mouse 
Yay!  25!  Time to schedule another appointment with my chiropractor 
Yay!  Finally heard from him... Then lost our connection. Lol. He still sounds sick.   it was great to finally hear his voice again.
yay!  i have a stomachvirus!  
Yay!  I have Internet again!  And no more pool time for today... 
Yay! All the tweets I texted in Chemas appeared in Twitter XD Not all my phplurks appeared in my Plurk 
YAY! ANGELS WON! &lt;3 i'm sad the Lakers &amp; Ducks lost though! 
U know how u bite ur cheek then u keep biting the same spot over and over again? yea, it sux 
u know i don't have a lot of  followers...that makes me feel kinda lonely 
U know traffic is bad when u r concerned about breathing the 2nd hand smoke from the CAR in front of u. Guess no oil change 4 me. 
U know u are old when a supervisor doesn't know what texas tornado is 
U know we have a product, calls a deodorant!! (at street car..) I will buy one for u if u can't afford it.. U r stink!! 
u know who can help u Melaine (TKC) she knows very good looking gilrs up there.. how u been? I missed u during wmc 
U know you're addicted when: U r jealous of anyone who has more followers than u.   http://migre.me/1eBF
--u mad grimy for callin my nigga @illmaticp eewwmatic!! @is0l0 !!! 
U make me so sad n very disappointed...  - http://tweet.sg
U shouldn't cry when ur already sick it makes it harder to breathe 
u shud watch it .... i almost cried  
U wanna trade a 3yr old with the flu for one who's not sick, for the week? Any takers?... Anyone.... Somebody  lol
u wouldn't think it'd be this hard to find shower fixtures.   reminding myself how blessed i am 2 have this problem!
U.S history essay 
U.S. history regents 2morrow-physically IMPOSIBLE to study.[these text books are like sleeping pills].wtfackk ! helpp 
U.S. Releases Secret List of Nuclear Sites Accidentally http://bit.ly/hfuv5   
U.S.S. Gill... you make me sad. 
u.u prezemthe um examen y no le termine 
Watching Hannibal! I'll never be able to go sleep Clarice! 
watching Happy Feet and falling asleep. Long drive back to Ohio tomorrow  sad vacation is over
watching hard knocks. damn I'm gonna miss @terrellowens81 this season. 
Watching harpers island ugh im pissed i missed one whole week 
watching Harry Potter. my sneak out plan is not going to be set in motion 
Watching heavy metal with sum cool people rite now. Wish jake was here tho. 
watching hells kitchen, its rubbish  but i dont have the remote!!
watching her daughter sleep...cant believe how big she is already!! 
Watching Heroes season 3 on iTunes it's pretty good! Neighbours still being as noisy as ever  m
Watching HGTV on DVD before I go to work.  I don't wanna go anywhere 
watching high school musical  sooooo sad lol i h8 this movie arhhhhhh wata dick he doesn't wata do the musical no more ..... lol
Watching high school musical with maddie contemplating going to church tomorrow. I'm still just not feeling well 
Watching hills season finale  so sad will miss you lauren
yay! boxing!! although after the boxing, sparring &amp; eating, have to spend the rest of the evening troubleshooting java code for hw. 
YAY! Charles Kennedy!! Oh I miss him.  #eu09...hmmm
YAY! cleaned my desk. Now I have to revise! Maths P2 and Irish P1 
YAY! DT DONE... MATHS DONE... Geography.... Well thats tomorrow 
Yay! eat that roboKate! but now Jas can't serve us at Mya Lacarte 
Yay! Got accepted to ROI Summit in Eretz Yisroel! Boo! Can't go now 
Yay! Got some new Wii games, but why oh why can't I get Guitar Hero World Tour in HK?!!? Boo .. urns. 
Uaaahhhh.. so confuse... 
ubat bius dah abes n i cudnt walk. tgu masa dhantar pulang... 
UBER Excited.. and I can't disclose the news.. 
Uber tired  bout to knock out soon as we pull off
UberTwitter acting up 
UberTwitter froze my blackberry. 
Ubertwitter on the BB.  Twitter via web is acting up....  
ubertwitter updates MY posts and EVERYONE's posts it just wont update my friends posts  the twitter Gods are against me and I'm bout to b
Ubisoft started bad...started to look great cant wait for Conviction...now onto the casual games....  bring the good games please
Ubuntu forums is down 
UCAS login is aweful and confusing 
uck. hes pissin me off ALOTT!!! and sinc my mom and dad rnt home...its evn worse 
Ucky doctor's appointment this morning... 
uff lovelyy day today, today was last skul day , amusement* park , had a propper laugh . by class gunna miss ya 
uff yeah green star aur touch 
uff! my ear kills me. so much pain, that i could cut it off 
Ufffff this heat 
Ug it should be a crime against humanity for having to work this early 
Ug, just woke up from a 4 hour nap and now I can't sleep 
Ug, my tattoo is still scabby, very sore, tight, itchy and red around some parts. 
Ug.   Ocb is unsurprisingly quiet when everyone has the day off and its beautiful out 
Watching his van being towed away 
Watching Hitler's Family...very interesting. In other things...I want everyone to win BGT but we all know the winner will be susan boyle 
Watching hockey! In standard definition 
Watching hockey... All alone  ok, with my mum. But you cant cuddle romantically with a mum now can you?
watching hollyoaks omnibus! i want justin back! 
watching home made...yea mum's got the remote 
watching House and then studying 4 finals  wish me luck! atleast this is the last wk of school!
watching house season 4 on DVD - annoying that season 5 is on sky and not normal tv 
watching house without roommate is just not the same!! 
watching house..gettin ready 2 make lunch then get gas 4 the car a large diet from mcd's then head home 
Watching How I Met Your Mother....can't believe the Nuggets season is over. 
Watching hunter. Waiting for dad to get home. I'm hungry. 
Watching I Am Legend. I love will smith! Reminds me of my daddy who I miss 
Watching i am legend...so sad 
Watching 'I Am Not a Freak' in Bio. This will be sadddd. 
watching iCarly with dean from wwop! but his name is toader  not quite as attractive...but still pretty attractive &lt;33
Yay! I have eggs now, now I have to wait til tomorrow to make it. 
Yay! I received my copy of SOTSreMIXed! But no golden ticker. 
Yay! Im a hs graduate! Im gonna miss everyone  i absolutely love my seniors
Yay! I'm getting my tonsils taken out!  also the ENT sprayed this crud in my nose and it's like I'm breathing out of it for the 1st time
Ug. Beer. Horrible, hangover causing stuff. 
Ug. Full of cold and in a dark pub. Want to go outside 
ugama exams tmrr. shiz 
Ugg I lost my glasses, yes alcohol was a factor 
ugg Summer Vaca and i have nothing to do 
UGG trying to eat french toast with a new upper lip piercing not sooo easy 
ugg.. studying for history exam. i have TWO exams on my birthday tomorrow  i am a sad, sad girl.
Ugg...need to use restroom, but not allowed out of my room. 
uggers..... i hate that cory died.  i still dont want to believe it...  i need more followers!!
uggg I am so burnd my face isnt burnd but my body is omg it hurts so bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Wow life sux Omg im starting to like W*** again!!
uggg. just lost like 20 contacts in my cell. 
Ugggg orthodontist appointment tomorrow!!!!!  Oh well, the sooner my braces go off ...
Ugggg wish i was on 6th street partying!! But no $ 
ugggggggggggggggggggggggh! FML   
ugggggggggggh i feel rotten again(&amp;not cos of raisins or toe-eating)im all achey,cold n sniffly    get out your violins.....
ugggggggggh :/ 
ugggggggghhhh not allowed go to miley cyrus concert  damn the high prices 
Ugggggh! I really really don't like where I live anymore! I think it might be time for a change. Just gotta figure out how to afford it 
Uggggghhhh I'm sooooo mad right now and I hate it that I have no one to blame. All my fault. Dam dam dam  yall pray that everything wo ...
uggggh. So early 
Uggggh. They blocked YM and Skype 
Uggggh...  mornings..... 
ugggghhh fat ass headache 
Ugggghhhh que maldito hangova...but I had a blast last night...good times good times!!! All good things must come to an end eventually 
Ugggghhhhhh! Why is that I Live likee 10-20  min away From @MarkSoReal But i havent met any of them yett?? 
Ugggh Dr's appointment today   Why is it that Dr's are always so grouchy?
ugggh i feel like a huge sack of poop. I do not feel good @ all  my head is poundin like crazy
ugggh I hate ie6.  or maybe it just hates my stylesheets. 
ugggh i miss my boyfranddd 
Ugggh i'm so bad with fractions.....i want to cry. 
Ugggh the rain is back....  Please Sun come back I thought we work out our differences..
UGGGH THIS SHITT SUCKKSS 
ugggh. my mom refuses to take me shoe shopping for farewell 
ugggh...just started making a memory book....its a good thing.that im letting go.but a bad that im finally walking away  i hate breakups
uggghh dinner conversation. this needs lots of witty and subtle jokes. cant i get to the toilet scene i want to write 
uggghh i don't want to go to school 
UGGGHH There's No School This Whole Week  Bored At Home
Yay! It's raining in Denmark. Can't tell you how happy I am to live here. *sigh* Why don't I live in LA? 
Yay! Jus had super fun. Now its time 2 lay it down before my 13 hour work day tom   *sigh*  goodnight tweople...
YAY! Just finished college. Damn my epilepsy, I think I've failed the course. I had a seizure on Friday, couldn't go in. I had work due! 
Yay! Letter in my PO Box, unfortunatley it is for the old owner 
YAY! my baby feeling a little better!! i hate when she sick and i cant take care of her  ull be home soon!
YAY! My package arrived. The sexy boy who delivered it was wearing shorts. I sometimes buy stuff just to see him.... He's so cute. 
Yay! My phone goes &quot;Inactive SIM&quot; --- boooooo 
Yay! My phone works now. Last night's show was great. So was After Life! But i just realized i lost the earrings i wear all the time 
Yay! New crackberry on it's way...I miss my phone 
watching I'm A Celebrity... Thinking about last night       ughhhhh!!!!!
watching india go down 
watching inspirational videos on Big Brothers &amp; Big Sisters of America and bawling. 
watching intervention. then maybe obsessed....class early tomorrow 
Watching intervention. This show makes me cry 
Watching Into The Blue. Lalala, i'm going to miss our boat  But getting a new boat anyway, but smaller  Oh,well! Yahhh! Boat searching n
Watching into the wild, it should be over soon. If it ends how I think it will, that's really sad 
watching invader zim with my best orthodoxers, broke the break 
watching isle of wight highlights really wanting to go to a festival 
watching it rain 
Watching it rain AGAIN in NJ... Sad 
Watching it storm in Hawaii at Turtle Bay.. Sadly it's only through a webcam. 
Watching It's on with @itsonalexa. Poor jon and kate  Jon is going through a midlife crisis with his pierced ears and all!
Watching Jack Ingram missing Chris.  Oh and Jack drummer is wearing an outfit that looks just like David Cooks cd release outfit. Ha!
watching Janet Jackson perform Throb from the Velvet Rope Tour, just that early 90s housey goodness! i miss janet in pop music man. 
watching jawbreaker... cuz i cant sleep AGAIN  super stressed out i need to relax.
watching jaws revenge. boring a.f! eating ramen and drinking sprite . . should b partying . . *grounded* 
Watching Jay Leno  Gotta tune in since tomorrow is his last night on the Tonight Show. lmao @ e-whoremony
watching jay leno, 2nd to last episode 
Watching Jay Leno. His last week. 
watching Jay leno..too bad he's not gonna host the tonight show for long.. 
Watching Jay Leno's 2nd last Tonight show   I haven't gone a day without Leno in like four yearss.
Yay! No coursework left! Just exams... 
YAY! OFF TO WHACK SOME DRUMS!!! Gosh, feels so weird w/o me phone 
Yay! redsn0w is here to deliver jailbreaking for non-Macs! Slow torrent though 
yay! skools ova! but sad  not going 2 higgins nxt yr.....i hate u mrs.maciejowski and mrs.O'donnelll!!!!! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
yay! SpongeBobs's on  and its also creaming soda hour join me Bradie? ;d, OMG i have a stalker and no its not Bradie Webb unfortunately 
yay! talked to shaunn and andy!! omg  hehehe soo excitedd! now my tummy hurst even moree 
Yay! The Oscar Mayer Weinermobile is in town today. Too bad I have to work 
Yay! The playdate is back on but my van's transmission is  dead 
Yay! time for another nine hour work day.... 
yay! tired from work...next week we'll be busy again 
yay! we are done...now I must suffer in the car b/c @erik_jamaal is playin jim jones latest album 
uggghhh just got up and damn this being my only day off so called i have tuns of crap to do not to mention spendn time with the chitlens 
uggghhh y am i not in the A right now....  what was birth day bash lookin like??
Uggghhh! Looks like I have an evening date with the Library... 
Uggghhh... Dunno what to wear 
Uggghhhh allotropes, nanoparticles and buckminsterfullerene 
uggghhhh sunday  rami working  i have back pains and need more sleep
Uggghhhhh. My wrists hurt SOOOO BADDDD today!!! Can I go home now????? 
Uggh belly hurts  and throat lol Judy&amp;MorganBFFS
uggh got so much to clean right now its not even funny.. 
uggh i hate when im running behind schedule 
Uggh I hate when my passion iced tea is watered down.... 
uggh i really don't feel like going to work  anybody wanna go for me?? lol
uggh just woke up wit a sore throght hate it  cuzin might come over sryz taly for not goin to six flagz
uggh madd bored home alone no plans 
uggh phone screen is not working.. i can still do everything, i just can't see it 
uggh the second  award didn't win it! WE NEED TO MAKE TAYLOR WIN VIDEO OF THE YEAR! http://bit.ly/Jf3nx
Uggh vintage clothing shopping is not my forte  I'm over this rawr
Uggh!  Daughter missed bus AGAIN  I should make her ass walk to school.  BRB
Uggh! Hate that my sidekick is shot  I miss keeping in touch w/ppl (besides being on my desktop).
Uggh! Internet is intermittent, and Comcast keeps dropping our support calls. Bad cable service, no cookie 
uggh!! so fucking frustraigted,can this day at work move any slower?&amp; its only my Wednesday 
uggh, ambrose to the back of the pack  AJ puts up the fastest happy hour time . . . 44 or 47? #NASCAR
Uggh, I dont want to be awake right now 
Uggh, i feel like i&quot;m getting sick. My throat feel soar.... 
uggh. bored. missing my bestfriend sleepover.  At least the festival is 2daY! Going with gracie! XD
uggh. cant sleeeep 
ugghh gonna straighten my hair  love straight hair but hate having 2 work 4 it.
Ugghh I can't believe that I have to take saturday classes 
Ugghh that nap was the worst thing I couldve done! 
Ugghh! So exhausted! with head aching! 
ugghh, sick again today 
Ugghh... 3G down again in my area? What good is an iPhone on Edge? It's like dial up slow 
ugghh... i'm so disgusted... no one will follow me. 
Ugghh...Stupid Tv on the blink...westinghouse tech supports sucks 
Ugghhh my mother is still holding my wedding video hostage... Don't think I will ever get to see it 
Watching Jay Leno's final Tonight Show 
Watching Jay Leno's last show on the Tonight Show! 
Watching Jay Leno's last show.. he shall be missed 
Watching Jay's last Tonight Show. 
watching jb sing paranoid frm bahamas, oh no!! Nick forget some of the lyrics, awww  oh well.
watching jeopardy for the first time since i left school...its not the same without everyone yelling at the tv  
Watching Jeremy assemble jr's new radio flyer bike!!!  Jr is sick with 100 degree fever  taking a nap.  This will cheer him up though!
watching Jill Scott on TV1 she is truly amazing. pure talent..........i wish she could sing my back pains away tho 
Watching John Mayer's pre-D-bag days. Great loss. 
Watching Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8, I'm crying. 
Watching Jon &amp; Kate plus 8.  Wow, they are seperating.. kinda saw that one coming though. 
watching Jon &amp; Kate with @Deliciosaness... This is such a sad situation for these kids 
watching jon and kate b4 the split  memories (
watching jon and kate plus 8. people need to leave that fam. alone 
Watching jon and kate plus 8...I need some help tryna upload a pic on here 4rm my blackberry it won't work 
watching jon and kate. i wish they wouldnt break up i love them 
Watching jon n kate n I feel like my parents are divorcing.... So sad... 
Watching jonas brothers on MTV, missed the 3d concert at GSC 
yay!! Bella is having the puppies. But poor thing is having trouble  it's her first time.
Yay!! The carpet is finally installed! Now we just have to put the house back together 
Yay!! Tommorow iz tha last dayy!!! :-D  blah blah... Wish i had some company!! 
Yay!!! After an hour drive down this god damn mountain, I finally have service!!!! To bad no one will be home when I get there 
YAY!!! i can see today's!!! i just can't see yesterday's still  oh well.
Yay!!! I finally have a computer again! Had to get a new one  damn crashing laptop.
Yay!!! In PHX...now gotta drive to Tucson 
yay!!! moving day!!! ... not. i hate packing 
yay!!! no more classes!!! just exams now  i hate those.....
YAY!!!!!!! and 
YAY!finally summer!but ofcourse Im going to work today.... 
yay, an extension to do my history assignment. I got loads of catching up to do in school 
yay, Apple extended warranty on the faulty NVIDIA card models to 3 years... sadly mine is part of faulty ones 
yay, bad weather! thanks 
YAY, BONUS!!!! DD I have to go into school on monday to being in a note  Why is Niall creepy? LMAO Really though..
Yay, bubble tea and pizza for lunch! And beautiful weather! Too bad I have to work more after this  http://twitter.com/aieliileia/stat ...
Yay, flat fringe a la little nicky! They say itâ€™ll be ok in 2 wks. Faster la two wks! Dont lk flat hair. 
Yay, for getting invited to the MuchMusic Video Awards!! Boo, for not being able to go!!! 
Watching Juice on BET. No cuss words tho. 
watching juno. &quot;if you have loved before, you can love again. your just not trying hard enough.&quot; hit close to heart. 
watching Jurassic Park with a sunburn.. 
Watching K U W/ the kardashians. Had to postpone my work out for precautionary reasons 
Watching Kathy Griffin and I'm thinking@summerbaby0727 we need to get us a gay, I miss our dear friend 
Watching Katie &amp; Peter: Stateside  Why did they split?!
Watching katie and peter as i missed it last night. Going to be gutted when it's over  x
watching keeping up with the kardashians then bedddd * 2 finals tomorrowww 
watching keeping up with the kardashians then going to work 
watching kevjumba on youtube. communitychannel isn't funny anymore 
Watching Kill Bill! I can't believe Bill is dead in real life...That's messed up man. 
Watching kill bill. Bawwwwing about carradine 
Watching king kong alone because steve doesn't like it 
watching KLS :] still ill... 
watching Laddette to Laddyyy :p  i have to lock up tonight  i dont like it
watching laguna beach  haha i miss this show
Watching land before time and im crying. Its at the part where little foot loses his mother 
Ugghhh my stomach hurts. Of course the day i have a test and graduation day. Hope i feel better. 
ugghhh my throat burns 
Ugghhh!  I hate too much 
Ugghhh! I can't sleep cause i have a headache  And i have summer school tomorrow. Dammit.
Ugghhh...I ate too much.  We had ribeyes, fresh green beans, salad, and baked potato and I ate like I wasn't trying to lose any weight 
ugghhhh back at work...needs vitamin water 
Ugghhhh Sunday!! I feel like my whole weekend was shot   AGAIN!!!!
UGGHHHH!!!!!! We leaving the Royal Palm. I'm sad. 
Ugghhhhhh..... Rushing around tomorrow. I wish I drove at times like these!! 
Uggs 2 working @ 5pm 2day. But time is $$  n we ina recession.   plus I need a new sound system 4 the whipo .
Ugh   Twitter almost always changes my mood .
Ugh  #Detroit just scored again  making it 2-1 against the #pens
Ugh  added myself to wefollow in:  #drupal #sea #socialmedia
ugh  am so annoyed right now.
Ugh  Because of the H1N1 virus getting to some high schoolers in MC, they cancel the Honor's Assembly (((((((((
ugh  goin to school. only 10 more days of this shit !
Ugh - had banana &amp; coffee for breaky and now have upset stomach   too much caff?
Ugh - I should have included my maiden name on my new facebook page.  Duh.  Now I think I need to start over  I hate PMS stupidity.
ugh  lol. sleepy and annoyed.
ugh  need to stop analysing it. someone turn my brain off.
Ugh  no school pleaseeeee &lt;/3
ugh  nothing to do today!!! hit me up i dont wanna be bored all day long 
ugh  the doctor's meds line is my fave, this is sad
ugh  The Zombie Hunters is denied @ work
Ugh  this sucks
Ugh  this sucks.....Bored.
Ugh -- woke up suddenly. Less than 6 hours of sleep makes me dizzy. I'm dizzy 
UGH ! I miss school already  !
Ugh ! Im so tired and do not want to do homework ! 
Ugh ! What to do when I want to hide from the world and I don't have my glasses to hid from the world ? FTW 
ugh !! cnt sleep.. hopin i fall asleep soon 
Ugh $350 gone!! And now a trip this weekend I gotta pay for 2 wow being broke sucks!! 
Ugh $80 on heels    I have an official problem
Ugh , I HATE being sick 
Ugh , I'm sleepy, I want to sleep.. but still learning  physics 
Ugh . . . had to wake up early   Hopefully the Father's Day party goes well today.
Ugh .. I hate how chelsey is leaving to oregan for like 2 weeks! She's so gaaay! 
Ugh ... Dentist appointment 
Ugh ... dont wanna get out of bed 
UGH ... I am even MORE sick this morning, my throat hurts worse, and my head is pounding    Wish I had a bf to take care of me lol  #fb
Ugh .....I reallly wanted to go out tonight...... 
Ugh ...I'm hungry and I miss my b/f   
yay, it's Friday... it's been a long week 
Yay, it's sunny! Boo, I've to go to work now 
Yay, Katie brought over her Wii and now I can play Super Mario Galaxy to my heart's content...except I don't know how to save my game! 
YAY, map is done. Time to proof &amp; get approval on redesigned ad from our partner. I think he used MSPaint to create the original ad  ick.
Yay, new toy. Roku Soundbridge Radio just arrived. Of course now I have to wait till I get home to test it 
Yay, not late today!!!  But I'm still going to need to get up earlier tomorrow 
yay, proxy/firewall broken at work. no internets 
Watching last few Samantha Who eps. I'm gonna miss this show. 
Watching last weeks #GL - Philip you evil evil man, how could you do that to James 
Watching last year's wimbledon final, poor rafa won't be there this year.  oh well, go murray!
Watching laurens last episode of the hills 
watching Leno host The Tonight Show for the last time.  
Watching Leno's last show!! I don't want Leno to go to primetime!!  
Watching Like Mike! I miss two certain people very much!!! 
watching lil bill! i am very sickk. 
watching linkin park road to revolution concert and eating ice cream (: oh, and it just started raining 
watching Little House on the Prairie. Almanzo is pretty cute. still feeling sick though. ugh. 
watching london ink with my dad and sister. i really want a tattoo. 
Watching Lost alone is NO FUN!!!! I need someone to scream at the tv with. 
Watching Love Actually for the umpteenth time. Just relaized sadly that Liam Neesom now IS his character that just lost his wife 
watching lover boy video that i filmed at furthest drive homes last sheff gig, wish they didn't split 
Watching Madagascar... I miss Loydd  
ugh 2daii is a bad daii 
ugh 6 hours with mr. hawkins does not make for a happy jackie.  and more tomorrow...not at all looking forward to it....
Ugh 617 dollars for books for only 13 credit hours? 
Ugh a 30minute nap just makes me mean! Going to church and tired 
Ugh a bunch of sheets of papee cut me open all over the place at once  I get off at 3 Lets go to the movies.
Ugh a living nightmare is heading towards me  Mrs. Joe Jonas
ugh a pb&amp;j sandwich, thats all i get bcuz my dads at a party and my moms sleeping 
Ugh after drinking soy milk for so long, regular milk tastes like cheesey water  I am going to regret thisss!
ugh all these job listings are for managers and beauty specialists. 
Ugh back to work today... So depressing 
ugh bad day 
Ugh bamboozle 09 was out of control. Almost over 
ugh blisters on both my big toes and on both my legs and my shoulders are raw as shit. my life sucks right now 
ugh boared we lost play offs and were out  huuuu i really wanted to win..... jamming out 2 music right now
Ugh calling out of work sucks when you havent done it in a yr plus  i feel like shiz tho
ugh cant go to ChellyPro's @chelLAY  bday, got familia things to do 
ugh cant i ever have a lazy day?  
ugh cant sleep 
ugh can't sleep 
Ugh can't stop coughing. WHY am I not over this flu yet?! And why is Mr. U not at home looking after me?! 
Ugh can't wait to get out 
ugh chelsea can fuck off  tossers
Ugh cillas boarding her plane 
ugh class 2moro morning...mad sad 
ugh class 6 ta 10 ..... and I thought school got better after high school   *Crash*
ugh collegeeeeeeeeee at 1 
ugh crappy day, in a crappy mood and I haven't won any comps I've entered this week not even the lottery  ugh fuck where is my luck?!?
ugh damn it 
Ugh dealing with a layout with so many horrible absolute pos'd divs. 's what happens when you tell someone they can't use tables 
ugh didn't see up it was sold out   saw the hangover it was hilarious
Ugh do I really have 2 let my baby go 4 the weekend? I'm nervous, anxious, scared, excited, &amp; lost all @ the same time. Missn her already 
ugh don't feel well today 
ugh don't wanna go to social gathering for school 
ugh dont you just hate it when your havin such a good dream then you get woken up 
Ugh drank too much last night  gettin ready for work
Ugh dylans birthday is in 2 days what am I gonna do  I need cup cake mix red white and black icing!!
Ugh eating a bagel with my front teeth is just not easy!!! 
ugh english review  exam friday!
Ugh family days sucks  when ders really nothing to do
Watching madtv. It reminds me of 6th grade 
Watching Mamma Mia for the first time. It's worse that I thought. And not in a good funny bad way. In a shit way. Oh Meryl 
Watching Man of the House breaks my heart. Chevy Chase got old, Jonathan Taylor Thomas disappeared and Farrah... Sad. 
Watching Maneater on lifetime... Worthwhile entertainment comes with a price. 
watching marley and me i must say its really sad 
Watching marley and me in bed . Its times like these I wish I had someone to curl up with 
watching mary cheat on me in sims 3 
Watching Miami Ink. I so wish I could get my tattoo 
watching Million Dollar Baby. Oh my god, I forgot that it was SO sad! 
Watching Monday Night RAW...disappointed Matt was the first one out of the battle royal 
Watching Monsters Inc &amp; trying to fight the urge to reach out &amp; hug Boo. Mmm i want chocolates &amp; i miss my boyfriend. One more week 
watching mountain bike downhill world cup from fort william, recorded live from eurosport, wish I was their this year, but im not. 
Yay, rsyncs going slowly again 
yay, school is out!!! Sorta, start summer school next tuesday 
yay,my aunt is coming down Friday to have a talk with me.I cant wait for that to happen.Then we are going out for dinner.Isn't she grand. 
yay.  back on the puter.  tweeting from cell is kinda...well, it just takes way more effort.  i need a better phone.  
Yay.  The exterminator came.  And he said that my 2 roaches weren't a big deal?  
Yay. Miley! haha even though I hate you. sowwwwy 
yay.. warped tour Friday. but yeah that's not till 2more days .. anyways I have a LONG day ahead of me  I just wish I could lay in bed!
Yay... We are stuck in traffic because someone chose the wrong way to drive! We have been waiting in the same spot for like 10 minutes!!! 
watching movies at my place, toasted from the courts 
Watching movies. Leaving san antonio today 
Watching MTV awards. But I'm damn tired and have to get up early tomorrow... 
watching MTV I'm so bored nothing goods coming on  ohh wait poker face just came on  wooow what's is everyone doingg ?
watching MTV JAMZ it's MIA week. All the Miami videos are on. Aww... I miss home. Tear! 
Watching my  4 yr old daughter jump on trampoline.  I would jump with her but my foot is still too sore.  
watching my @bifnaked dvd and wishing I was at her show right now 
Watching my 13 year ild brother-in-law's baseball game. I don't think I could hit some of the pitches. Which is kind if sad 
Watching my all time fav show.. The price is right!! Need Bob Barker again tho 
watching my ard earn money dissapear. 
Watching my baby boy he has a super bad cough, waiting for the doc to open @ 9 am.   
watching my best friends wedding with my bff before she leaves me 
watching my boyfriend play some godfather II !   pretty cool, graphics are disappointing though     now gears of war was freakin sweet!
Watching my brother in law for the LAST time on TV tonight! 
Ugh feeling sick and cant go to church today... 
Ugh Fell Off At Horsee Riding Landed On My Head Soo I Couldnt Doo Thee Show Jumping  Gutted Much Mate
Ugh Firefox, why won't you save my usernames and passwords! D:&lt; I guess I'll have to use IE 
ugh football trainin 
ugh for a moment i remembered #leverage s2 begins june 15th and was all &quot;yay two weeks!&quot; but then i realized it was JULY, not june. 
Ugh freakin woke up at the crack of dawn for some reason and cantt go back to sleep cuz i keep thinking about whats about to happen today 
Ugh fuck defensive driving  but partyyy tonight!
Ugh fuck my life, I do everything wrong. Never anything right. I need to get out of sight ugh.. 
ugh glasses for another week it turns out another appointment on saturday @ 10:30 which means...how will we get the tickets??! 
Ugh going to town. I can never rest!  wants to go to tylers but who knows when i will get back. (exausted)
Ugh going to work at 8pm 
ugh gonna study for a test tomorrow 
Ugh goodbye home sweet home. Have to go back to Longmont now. 
Ugh gosh ppl! 
Ugh got called in to work early 
Ugh got my fantasy foorball draft @ 10am, i got the 11th pick outta 12....  im not gonna get Michael Turner, Adrian Peterson or Larry Fitz
ugh got to wake up in 5 hours 
Ugh hangover like Whoa now i feel like SHIT!! 
ugh hate haviinq dis sleepiinq problemsz 
Ugh hoping I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here will be on Hulu bc I have spanish live chat 
ugh horrible anxiety all day  chest is tight,its hard to breathe and swallow.I need something stronger then vailum.
ugh horrible ending to the sandra kantu story  prayers go out.
UGH I am almost out of tequila   sad day
Ugh I am miserable  Why am I this sick?
Ugh i am so hangry now  need food soon.
ugh i am struggling way more than i thought i would be this morning! I just need one more day off 
Ugh I canï¿½t sleep and I have to get up in 2 hours  http://tumblr.com/xm31t5hom
Ugh I can't effing sleep! 
Ugh i can't find my white linen pants 
Ugh I can't get to sleep  !
UGH i can't handle one more power saw. And my poor car can't handle the construction mess. I feel helpless. fml 
ugh i cant move im that sore.. Why do i have to be sick.. 
ugh i cant sleep 
Ugh I can't sleep 
ugh i cant sleep  but why O whyyyyyyy
Ugh I could have been there  http://bit.ly/CDsaT
Ugh I did horrible! 
ugh i didnt get to tan today  im gonna get pasty.lol
ugh i do not feel good 
Watching my clothes &lt;/3  XD
watching my favorite movie prince of egypt 
Watching my future husband not play 
watching my girl, gosh im going to cry when he dies 
Watching my guys and gals on WWE Monday Night RAW....miss my other family 
Watching my kids play at Kulturen, Lund. Thinking about #vacation and work I have to do tonight 
