I like the idea of twitterfic but I can't find an area I like 
I like the new Chickenfoot CD so much that I might use it as a prop today in a video shoot - a big load of cum will run the CD though. 
i like the new drop dead bat dress/Cardigan i want them  to bad it cost like 96537832465743265743 australian dollars
i like the red, black and orange ones.... fine she said, &quot;i will eat the other ones - even though i don't like them&quot;   ohhh the power...
I like the sun but it's giving me and headache and it's not helping to complete my photography books 
I like the sun! I just don't like how I don't get to enjoy it! Twill be gone next week 
i like this song on Radio 1 at the moment, not sure what it is tho  i missed it when they said unless they are saying at the end, hope so
i like to drink in so cal so much more than in nor cal. the kids up here are not as fun.  
i like went 2 lucas/fred page and pressed followed 2 all the celebrties he was following wow i did the groupie thing and im no groupie 
I like what you say..i'm so sorry if you are angry with me now   it wasn't my intention   i'm so sorry..
I like when I come to school early &amp; no one is here . 
i like you alot, i would like you to talk to me 
I like you so much. Call me.  im
I liked &quot;Glee.&quot; It was cute, funny and of course, I liked the singing. Too bad it actually starts airing in the fall 
I liked it better when only person talked to me on emoosen 
i liked the prev cricinfo better ... y did they have to dirty up the gud one ?? this one's too flashy 
I liked the Safari 4 public beta way better than the new Safari 4. Especially loved how the beta handled tabs. Miss it 
I likes it! My monster in creepers! haha 
I literally feel sick without him...I hate that we can't be together...I just miss him so much! I'm gonna go curl into a ball and cry 
I literally just devoured them, they were starting to go soggy already 
I literally just got up like half an hour ago, i still feel sleeepies  hopefully today will be abetter day than yesterday, i never wanna..
I little bored todayy  ... Why cant summer come faster  .. 3 more weeks at school Thats it ....
i live a good life and enjoyed it wish i could see more of the grandkids 
I live by a railway line, and I always hear trains at this time, but the never any running this late? Wtf hah  cargo trains, I hate you!
I live in an apartment block full of inconsiderate morons. And I hate hay fever.   Bedtime after some reading, I think.
I live in Burma and today is the 1st year anniversary of the Nargis Cyclone. Bad memories. 
I live in San Francisco and cannot get my wireless internet to work in my apartment ..sitting at starbucks doing international conf call 
I live in the netherlands and you were here last time for a concert but I couldn't be there because I had my exams 
I live on around 5hrs sleep a night. Just caught up a load and slept for over 9hrs and now I feel like I've got the biggest hangover ever 
i log into the mainframes only to be greeted with teh message that it is coming down in 10 minutes! #fail! 
I logged into Twitter but there was no one there?   Glad your all back!   Here's some more!
I logged off from my pc and now I am on my cell....so addictive.   this obsession of mine has to stop!
i look and feel like a nerd in my broken rayban sunglasses... buhu  http://twitgoo.com/tif7
i look fugly  i got a hair cut thats up to my shoulders 
i look gross... that gurl asked if i had skin cancer..... 
i look like a chipmunk! 
i look like a dead panda. that's sexy... right? 
I look like a fish today. 
i look like a lobster  and it hurtsssss...!!!
I look like a tomato... No joke... 
I look like an alien today  
I look like Cinderella's ugly step sister...My eye became swollen 
I LOOK LIKE G.I. FULL BANGS NOW. 
i look like raw meat. pink 
I look like sh*t right now. 6 hours of sleep, sweaty and i smell. 
I look out my window and are sad...as there is now powder 
i look so funny. i am in pjs, ugg boots, cup of tea, beanie and a box of tissues.  clear signs of sickness 
I look so mad in my user pic. I wish I could change it! 
I look terrible in my pic!  I can't belive I actually trusted my brother to put up a pic like that! It's horrible!
I looked everywhere and i still can't find my surge protector 
I looked for TG mags. Out of stock! Sigh. 
I looked for the sun, but it's raining today. I know you'll get through this mum, I love you so much 
I looked nice before I left the house - 1/4 mile walk to hovercraft in hail and wind beat the makeup off my face and ruined my hair 
I loooove these Wedding cake shows!!! They do such a good job! But some of these customers are so rude! Ugh...hate RUDE ppl 
I looove guitars, and playing them. I think they sound magnificent. If only i was better... If only 
I looove that song 
I lose EVERY. SINGLE. FUCKING. TIME. I don't even feel like reading or being awake anymore 
I lose the tumblr app every time I sync my iPod touch. Any ideas why? It just disappears 
I lost  oh well! Lol
I lost 1 follower. 
i lost 1 of my followers.   
I lost 15 dollars. I always lose my money 
I lost 3 followers today  Yikes, I guess I know what to NOT tweet about in the future: Big Love, the Abs Diet, TheBatterysDown and Steak
I lost 3 subscribers in the night  Gained 1
I lost 4 followers over a night or so. 
i lost 4 followers. now i am sad, and want my followers back. please come back 2 me! awww 
i lost 50k in texas holdem 
I lost 6 followers  ouch..
I lost a 20 year old lure last night!  
I lost a card I got at the Affiliate Summit for $150 worth of free FaceBook advertising. 
i lost a follower  looooool
I lost a follower  oh well probably one of those mute ones anyway.
i lost a follower  ughh. im up now
i lost a follower  why? was it my constant #andyclemensen ?? i feel very unloved 
I lost a follower ... 
i lost a follower just now...wtf...people hate me 
I lost a follower today  So sad, but I understand. Follow the relevant tweets, remove the clutter. *sigh* Hugs to all of you!
i lost a follower! now im sad and doing chemistry  im in a bad mood now lol. i need another follower now!!!
I lost a follower.  I'm sad now. I'm going to go eat a whole lot of Milo out the tin. 
I lost a good friend today... Funny how death makes the people in your life seem so much more important... RIP Guillermo... 
i lost a lot of followers 
I lost all my 3rd year pictures  NOOOOOOOOOO!!
i lost an earring last night 
I lost an important number after the 3.0 update. Yet another MobileMe mishap.  I wish I had a better memory. I miss you
I Lost at monopoly 
I lost at speed scrabble 
I lost by 38 seconds cause i have to be a freak and put tomato on my sandwich.  oh and this is the worst... http://tumblr.com/x5i23i4bj
I lost cestos 5 times in a row 
I lost everything all my music my videos everything! And im still moving forward  i just wanna die!
I lost my 1st 100th follower the other day  but my new 100th follower shall receive something special  it's almost #followfriday LOL
I lost my burt's bees lip balm. 
I lost my buzz....my dad had me on a 2 drink maximum!! 
i lost my car key but not my house key 
i lost my cardigan, i have a massive headache, i didn't get in till gone 6am, i spent too much money. 
i lost my charity gala ticket. damn  but i had no desire to go there, so, whats poppin.
I lost my class ring 
I lost my connection again! Damn it!! 
i lost my converse sneakers 
I lost my credit card  #DumbFuckingThingsIDo
I lost my debit card on Friday! I hate not being able to access my own money! I feel so helpless! 
i lost my father! 
I lost my favorite mousse! Wtf 
I lost my favourite Ben Folds button today  V. v. sad. It's my bf's fault, he made me leave the house again after I went voting &gt;_&gt;
i lost my flash drive!  I am so irritated with myself. my novel is on it. 
I lost my goat. Where did he go? Last time I saw him he was under the bed and now he's disappeared!! 
I lost my house...hence the panicing 
I lost my iphone!! Boooooooo 
I LOST MY iPHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I lost my IPod  Last time I saw it it was in my car. Its not there anymore.
i lost my iTouch 
I lost my keys and I can't find them  http://twitpic.com/4ffuw
I lost my keys BULLSHIT  where's @dollfcekilla I'm hurtin
I lost my keys... I have looked everywhere! 
I lost my license 
i lost my livelavelive braclet  i wear it everyday fml
I lost my marlboro lights 
I lost my mechanical pencil. I sooo felt like drawing and now I can't and I tried anyway = I suck. Maww 
I lost my money wtf 
I lost my money... 
i lost my necklace :L sad Chloe  &quot;where have u gone Batman necklace&quot;?!
i lost my nintendogs, it's very upsetting. 
I lost my Nokia 5800 
i lost my other spec bg, now i gotta put up the edited one 
I lost my pen!  sad.....but? It's meant that I can't do my homework! Ooo...pity...
i lost my phone 
i lost my phone  if only if only jesse could figure out how to use twitter on his phone
I lost my phone downtown 
i lost my pot  i had to ditch it in the woods cause i almost got caught. im gunna go back and look for it soon.
i lost my reason to livvveee!! amanda bynes page is gone. 
i lost my school bag  and my life was in it  ...soo upset!
I lost my shoe  *Sammy pouts* BAHAHAHA I love these boys 
I lost my size 10 [I think] gauge 
I LOST MY SOCIAL NETWORK ACCOUNT..!!! GRR.. 
i lost my sock... 
I lost my Tetris for the nintendo DS  so i haven't played it in so long but i remember it on the original gameboy wooohoo!!
I lost my to do list. I feel lost 
I lost my two face coin.  
I lost my voice.  I sound like Froggy from The Little Rascals. I just want to crawl into bed and never come out.
I lost my wallet yesterday in Westwood. My booty feels empty. 
I lost my Wallet..  No more License. My Coraline and Up movie tickets were there  Today was good and bad..   .__.
i lost my wand at the last rave i went to  
I lost my yearbook 
i lost one of my followers 
I lost Paige on the phone. 
I lost the bet.  Women don't run in spain according to our mini-study today.  21 men vs 2 women runners 
I lost the earphones for my phone a couple of months ago and still can't find them  Life is sucks.
I lost the fight with my son to keep him awake until 9 pm 
I lost the first two games of the FB Premiership FIFA 09 league. I feel like topping myself 
I lost the game too. 
I lost the game! 
I lost the game.. 
I lost the JB live chat again  n this time was because 4 family emergency. Everyone know if they gonna give another chat?
I lost the other half of earring, that Ben and I share, inside our lightless bathroom. Toopid blackhole.  http://plurk.com/p/xsf91
I lost the pair of glasses that I sleep in  Now I gotta watch tv blurry.
I Lost Tumblarity . - Thatï¿½s not good Awhh boooo  http://tumblr.com/xuh1wvbf8
I lost two followers...I must b boring 
I lost.  2nd place. Damn it.
I losttt all my contactssss..   Sooo if u guyss cann please,   Try to text me your number  agenn somehoww..  
I lot DT by less then 15 points again   at least the saints area still cruising along...
I lov being able to work anywhere!! Although packing my goodies is not going to be fun 
i love #android but the new #iPhone with its new OS is gonna make it seriously hard to stick to 
I love @audible but just spent entire evening trying to get an audiobook to my phone. Me &amp; my new bald patch are going to bed. No story. 
I love @britneyspears !!  Leaving london tomorrow 
I love @michaeldurso!! Office is empty 2day! @adamdurso, @chrisdurso, @ralphcastillo not here 2day so Im all alone!  where r my friends?
i love @PerezHilton's dog teddy the lil goldendoodle but i think its a bit too big for us 
i love after pool hair! something about the chlorine makes it look sooooo nice!!!! going to try and cheer up halle she's sad 
I love and I miss my boyfriend Hector 
i love and miss you tci...  it's all over now.
I love and miss you. 
I love animals so much that I can no longer read about the abuse. Awareness is good but it breaks my heart. 
I love anxietal insomnia.  Work in 4 hours, have had 2 hours of broken sleep already...oh yeah, today is going to *rock*  F.M.L. And how
I love bacon...just hate cooking it  dayim poppin grease!
I love beautiful mornings....we had nasty storms rule us last night...not a fan of tornadoes     Check out www.antennagear.net
I love beef but I'm allergic to it. Also chicken and most feathery stuff. 
i love being able to get things done early in the morning..but i hate missing my sleep.. 
I love being at home on a Friday evening. I'm a sad old lady 
I love being at home, eating B&amp;J and re-watching X-files. Very relaxing! Dreading to go back for Art exam on tuesday 
I love being different 
i love being sick.. and being all alone with no one to make it better...  
I love Bones. Bedtime now. I doubt I'll be able to sleep because I'm sick and the medicine is wearing off. 
i love BONES...i hate the heat  should i paint my nails?! hmm....
I LOVE BOOGIE!!!!!!  I miss you ZOOOOOOOOOO MUCH!!!!!!!! 
I love Brandy fans 
I love Britain's Got Talent! Grrr...Why can't I watch it on my own tv?  Holland's Got Talent sucks big time
i love 'brothers and sisters'. such a GREAT show! will miss it during summer. 
I love Charlie, I wish he would come back on Lost. 
I love Cherry Filter. &quot;Just... Ok&quot; is my new anthem. &quot;I am okay. Just... Okay.&quot; 
I love chloe perfume. Why do I always forget my money 
I Love Chocloate and Pringles!!!!  But not at the same time 
i love cuddles. so much. driving home and crawling into bed alone is such a downer. 
i love dark... to bad he had to &quot;die&quot;  miss you already
i love daydreaming.. but i also hate it because it gets my hopes up 
I love dead phones! Hip hip hurray...not 
I love dis girl soo fukkin muchhh buhh i lied to her nd now shes gone...mannn wat do i do knooo 
i love Domokun,y lar NTV7 no show Bones today? 
I LOVE DOWNTOWN  SJ! Bf, mos def: wish you were here. 
I love everything but the sunroof is the most, hate the price though 
I LOVE flight delays. Oh well time to check twitter. I feel disconnected from my friends and the world right now  not sure I like that
I Love Food! But I need to learn to not over eat  http://myloc.me/47B8
i love friends but bieng friends with someone i like is killing the extaticness out of me 
I love getting upin the morrning! 
i love ginger tea. i miss my doggie ginger too 
I love going home to Memphis. It's alway nice but now back to Nashville. 
I love going to the gym i need to start going every week my muscles are sore from today though 
I love graduating but I wish I was still in college 
I love GREEK soooo much. Y is this the season finale. 
i love having a dream about someone adhd now I can't stop thinking of him. &lt;3 
I love having a shower and then getting back into bed!! Only trouble is you have to get up twice 
I love history, but this revision isn't going in! I'm gonna FAIL so badly   Wave goodbye of any chance of getting into year 13!! :|
I love how I have to work through my lunch most days. 
i love how im watching something on telly, and fam arrives home and takes over rudely. go back out please 
I love how my laptop shuts itself off if it gets too hot. 
I love how my work sched can change w out anyone asking byotch! No time n half for me 
I love how NO ONE wants to hire me. 
i love how only @nhaj appreciates my efforts 
I love how this resident at my work, described her kids coming to visit her for mothers day as a pit stop 
I love how THQ promoted Red Faction, my friend in london samshe this car to get a copy!Now i don't see him anymore  http://snipr.com/k5q0n
I love how Twitter takes away those barriers between celebrities and us &quot;little people&quot; (LP). But I hate how some LP impersonate celebs 
I love Idle Thumbs for berating the Other M trailer, though it's basically Prime 3 with flips. More than one good 3D Metriod, please? 
I love it when I am running late &amp; out the door &amp; one of my cats makes a run for it, as if I were a bad mom. 
i love it when i get glass in my foot 
I love it when keys get stuck in doors while doing room checks forcing you to call security/maintenance to fix the problem!!! 
I love it when students stay late after class to work on projects...just not on Fridays. 
I love it when the power flickers and shit when it rains. 
I love it! Led Zeppelin III (on cassette  ) #firstrecord #childofthe80s
I love it!!  Trip out 
i love it, i love you! now goodbye, i'm letting go. 
I Love jay-z  Even though he threatened to kill Chris Brown.   
I love JB but I wish they would stop thinking their fans are idiots. I truly believe THIS is what's going to lose them fans. Sadly.. 
I love Jeffeva also! Jeffery looked so sad looking before he got in his vehicle today 
I love Juan Carlos Huerta Jr.  and I always will.
I love Kenya Starbucks coffee, it's sooo good. I'm gonna have to brew some more. mine has gone cold 
I love kids but hate how germy they are. My throat is sore 
I love kittens. What I don't love are their little dagger claws of DOOM! I have loads of little bleeding holes all over my legs  No bueno!
I love Lamp &amp; wanna play in the potty. Momma says No to both 
I love learning new words, but by the time I've put the dictionary away, I've usually forgotten the fucking thing 
I Love Leighton Denny nail stuff... its amazing... sick of stuff today thou 
I love listening to music and having a sober version of a character tell  me somethin. I wish my better half was here 
I love living 3 minutes from set! Tonight was bomb! Got invited to the wrap party by some of the principals. Last night tomorrow. 
I love looking out my bedroom window at the beautiful ocean, but on Sundays it's sad since I have to leave  At least there's next weekend
I love lucas till (l) i really would like to talk to him 
i love mandy moore so much  and also angela
I love mid-week drinking... I'm just a bit upset that I won't be able to do it to such so much when I start working monday 2 friday 
I love MLB.tv to catch the the Phillies but not tonight.  Freakin Dodgers get couple lucky breaks with two out and pull out a win.
I love Monday afternoons - wish it were warmer to swim! 
I love music so much that i've gone through pain to play :S my sides of my fingers now are peeling and have blisters from playing so much 
I love my &quot;Clark Kent glasses but hate wearing them at work. I sweat and they fall off my face 
i love my bass, if only i could play it  http://twitpic.com/7semm
I love my bed!!! If only I had someone to share it with sometimes 
I love my bed. I never want to leave it! 
I love my best friend so much. I srsly feel bad for people who don't know McKenzie. I'm going to be lost without her this summer. 
I love my best friends!!! I wish steven could chill!! 
I love my bestie and im so sad she has to leave tomorrow 
I love my boyfriend. Just got home and missing him already 
I love my brothers  I miss them, I see them tomorrow! They  are my rock.
I love my Cats 
I love my cousin. I love storms. But I want to be home to be at Champ with Dani 
I love my daddy!! Wish I could be with him today 
i love my daddy. he's soo amazing. i love him ooh so much! but i didnt know what to get him, so he doesnt have a gift yet 
I love my dog..  He's getting so old and I hardly get to see him anymore.  http://twitpic.com/4ixbr
I love my family . Don't want to go anywhere 
I love my family but my grandfather is really racist. 
I love my fast f/1.8 50mm but it's just too narrow. Really want something wider. 35? No, 18. Hell, 18-250 with IS and under $500. Yeah... 
I love my freakin tatoo!!!! I want to show it off but its totally not in a place where it can be casually seen.  lol its still sexy woo h
i love my friends and i hate to know that they're hurting. very much affected... i really really want them to be happy... 
I love my holiday  i will be back home in 7 hours though  &lt;3 video tomorrow http://yfrog.com/5axiij
I love my iPhone. Slightly more realiable than my stuuuuupid computer. Brand new &amp; the charger dies the day before I need it most 
I love my jillybilly and @jennifer_barker. If they moved out to LA with me I would be so happy!!! But they wont  HAHA!
I love my job but I am really wishing that I was out on the Harley Davidson right now instead of in front of my computer 
I love my life but I would give anythingg for a good night's sleeeep. Fuck Tim Hortonss. 
I love my misty moo moos. (family golden retreiver FYI) she is sick  getting drunk with my fam and I love them too!!!
I love my mom...never ever meant to hurt her feelings...I was just being facetious 
I love my mom..so wot if she hates me 
I love my new bed &lt;3 off to school now 
I love my new Palm Pre. Too bad the touchstone charger was sold out 
I love my niece, I really do but I want her to leave so I can watch Royal Pains  I'm such a bad aunt, lol.
I love my son, but he slightly sucks right now. She taking his lucky ass to the game. My baby's been to 4 games already. It hurts 
I love my understanding girlfriend, just finish cover pages and assignment, no longer at michelle's  another week at the academy tomorrow
I love Newark delays 
I love NHibernate but not loving the linq to nh with selecting projection of a type mapped as a component. It doesn't like it 
I love Pandora but sometimes I want it to play ONLY the artist I choose. I really can't do Willie Colon &amp; Hector right now 
I love partys!! Going to shower again cuz Im wet 
I love passing fowler &amp; songs that remind me of Scott come on my ipod shuffle. 
i love pearl jam, but i'm not loving this performance 
I love people that BANG ON THE FUCKING WINDOW AT 9:59 AM and scream Russian at me!!! Why couldn't  Hitler win? 
I love Pepe Lew Pew, he was hilarious. Which reminds me, I should buy some Looney Tunes on DVD. If only it wasn't so expensive ... 
I love Picnik. . . &amp; Wish I had a TV so I could watch EYB on the CMAs! 
I love playing Duty... but staring at the TV screen that long hurts my eyes. 
i love playing guitar, and writing songs, and stuff, but my mum took my guitar, and now i cant write songs 
I love quick Mondays! I hope I can go at least a week without having someone else I know lose their job.  
I love rain... Just not when it's attacking my summer sunshine  .. Hehe.
I love Reese's Puff cereal.  I'm pretty sure I could eat an entire box.  Makes me sad that @greggarbo can't ever eat it 
I love Rescue Me. Or maybe I just miss the fire department atmosphere? 
i love rihanna, i hate chris brown, what a dick, has anyone seen her face it looks like really diff she had to have it re-done ? 
I love Rio margs. I am so sad I was driving, as I was limited to 1 1/2 
i love rob pattinson and his sexy singing voice. sleeping because my stomach hurts really badly 
i love rubber fights.. going back to work in 3 hrs. 
I Love running in the morning... but i wanna take a nap now 
I love Sean Bean. he's the same in every movie. Good guy at heart who via events outside his control, ends up being bad. Not his fault. 
I love second hand smoking  ha. I need a pack.
I love seeing everyone's faces with your tweets!! Twitter hates me ... every time ... &quot;That's a nice pic&quot; ... no go! 
I love seeing San Diego on TV but, it makes me homesick. 
I LOVE sip &amp; Savour! So much wine, not enough time 
I love someone who has fallen out of love with me. She's now in love with another man with NO intentions of wanting me back.  (via #ze ...
i love st. louis, but i miss memphis right now. sometimes i wonder why i decided to move away  and leave my best friends 
I love Starz on demand. I watched Bring it on, HSM3, and PEnelope today!  I have to go back to chores tomorrow though, boo. 
I love Stillwater and am going to miss it!  
I love submitting well written RFP proposals. The instant relief is amazing. But the suspence of waiting for an answer is torture 
I love summer vacation! Just woke up, I could have slept later but my coughingg        was unbearable 
I love t baby i assume u got off the computer 
I love Taco bell  this del Taco just can't make me cum like the bell
I love That Im Scottish But i hate Me i just feel that sometimes Im worthless and i guess today is one of those days  Ugh
i love that not one of my tweeps have said nething to me in hours...i'm feeling quite unloved 
I love that show but I cant watch it anymore  I have season 12 on DVD...I want them all lol
i love that show. 2 bad we don`t have it where i live 
I love that there is only ONE day out of the week that I don't have to go to SIUE.  And that day was yesterday 
I love the Bachelorette but it makes my eyeballs hurt watching for the full 2 hr show - way too long - even w/ fastforward! 
i love the champ security guard right now... idk what her name is though 
I love the fact that is summer already, however I do not love this melting heat 
i love the feeling of order stuff online since you get a package(which i love getting) but i HATE waiting for it 
i love the final week madness at uni. i have to read a 10,000 word report &amp; provide recommendations based on the research by 4pm today 
I love the Food Network. I really want shrimp now. 
I love the good love riddim I wrote a song on that riddim called 'Maybe'. Yes, yes, yes it sounds ssooo good i wish ya'll could read it. 
i love the king is dead - the herd. i miss the days when me and becky and daff would sing it in art 
I love the library... even if I still don't have Eclipse to read before Breaking Dawn yet... *sigh* trying to be patient! but it's hard!! 
i love the meat but it don't love me 
I love The Nanny, but I'm so tired by midnight that when I lie down to watch it I fall asleep. 
I love the new millenium marathon! Woot! But I'm soooooooooo tired, it looks crappy ouside my window 
i love the rain! especially if you spend it lying in bed with a loved one.. 
I love the Secret Life. I didn't think Grace's dad was gonna be the one to die. 
I love the smooth feel of the 3G S! I kind of a little bit miss the feel of cold metal from my 2G, it was warm in my heart, though... 
i love the sun!! but everyone is doing exams soo i am all alone in the sunshine  boo
i love the super nice weather.. now i must pick csm or skyline  fudge!! i need help!!
I love the way I smell right now. I'm gonna miss it when I have to shower it away later. 
I love the weekend, it's a time to spend time with friends and family, but now Its time to get ready to go to school...gross 
i love the wii personal trainer, G. on the phone to Sean... about to start spanish  xxxxx
I love the xagruian aragorgon lines created when you mow the lawn or vacuum the carpet. You get none when mopping though. 
i love them, gonna miss them next year 
I love this guy....  http://tinyurl.com/qhuh8m #leedsunited
i love this lessons, llooking at topshop, listening to my babys :'(. and look at recent photographs of my dougie  xx
I love this man we're sitting behind on the Fung Wah bus!! @alexbeats my fav sunglasses did the same a while ago 
I LOVE THIS MOVIE...WISH i HAD A SIGNIFICANT  OTHER 2 WATCH IT WITH...OH WELL.MAYBE N ANOTHER LIFETIME 
I love this show a bit too much &lt;3 Don't want it to end tomorrow!! 
i love this song 
i LOVE this song but it makes me sad  â™« http://blip.fm/~8lqi2
i love this weather and tanning, but doing my project is really bringing me down 
I love this weather. But I hate lifeguard tan lines.... Booo. I miss Cali today  and I can't wait to watch Kendras new show on E! Whoop!
I love thunder storms they relax me ..wish I had a hug  ..oh well I'll get over it might hang with Maysa this weekend IDK? -.-
I love thunderstorms  but this one keeps making the power flicker and that messes with my internet 
I love thunderstorms!  ahhh 
I love thunderstorms, but hate when they scare my puppy 
I love toy story and pumped for toy story 3 but! Have to wait until next year 
i love twitter but sometimes i hate it. 
i love twitter! But only there's a limit  (bored)
I love twitter. My hands are burning..and im kinnna scared. I wana go back to the dr. 
I love tybee island! I don't want to go back to indiana 
I LOVE USF. But Berkeley is still making me sad... Damn lowell situation all over again. 
I love Veronica Mars! Why did it end after just 3 seasons?? 
I love waking up working on some homework, then realizing your girlfriend stole your power cord for the day. Laptop = dead. Hmwk not done 
I love walking my doggie, Suzie! Although it's a bit chilly today   A x
i love weekends like this one when i got to hang out with all my best friends. minus the ones who live out of town. 
I love when @tytybear doesnt pick up drunken calls from me 
i love when devin gets home! going with devin and kellie to get my ring resized. ill miss it for a week  lol.
I love when my characters argue with people.... but it still makes me all sad 
I love when people get mad at me for being hurt 
i love working with cool year 9 kids 
i love you @ddlovato but i stg if you hook up with trace cyrus i'm going to smack you upside the head on the 26th PLEASE STOP DATING FUGS 
I love you @zdawgg I miss you 
I love you britney 
I love you Izzy Stephens 
I love you mail whale. I am sorry.  
i love you more @nadsdee i want pizza. like i really do. but me and chloe vowed to go on a diet.. 
I love you nick  goodnight
I love you so much it hurts. And i miss you like crazy  nothing is the same anymore.
i love you so much my baby... please keep in tough with me coz i miss you 
i love you to bits... i just wish you loved me too  &lt;3
I love you too Caitie. I miss you more than anything. 
i love you too evaaaa ugh I NEED A CAR IM GONNA CRY, okay maybe not cry, but i would love to go so bad 
I love you two more than you'll ever know and I miss you so fucking much 
i love you uncle denny 
I love you Yoo i love you love you love you i love you love you the most .I love you ,i need you &amp; love you love you eternally  i love you
I love you, be mine again 
I loved Ashley's dress, I can't believe Jackson couldn't be there 
i loved cairon 
I loved every moment of my boring weekend. Im sad to see it go 
i loved the trailer it waas great great great  just worried for edward fans moving to team jacob 
I loved transformers (: Am sorry Sarah you missed it 
I loved Wii Wednesday! I won the Mario Kart championship! Yoshi is the best! Haha! Too bad I'm not going next wednesday! 
I lovee driving  my license picture is weird 
i LOVEEE it when u smack my ass @_missash_! dont move 
I loveee the taco bell piÃ±a colada commercial. lmao I want oneee&lt;3 
i loveeee masterchef but i honestly miss big brother 
i loveeee METRO STATION.. can't go to the metro station show in Cologne  Mum says it's to far away.
i low key miss my melody 
I luv 2 tweet tweet! Ahhgg my fish died &quot;fat albert&quot; 
I LUV DOCTOR WHO AND I LUV DAVID TENNENT DONT WANT HIM TO LEAVE IT SO THERE CAN B AN 11TH DOCTOR            PLEASE STAY
I luv dogs, but they shld b leashed in city. Knocked off my bike by German Sheppard last nite whose owner dnt have him under control 
I m busy in buying grocery and the sun is busy in burning me! 
i m getting bored wht to do?????? 
I m gonna miss her.. tomorrow she will be long gone.. 
i m not even gonna see 4minute's debut in time 
i m not in the mood!!i can t remember the feeling of happiness!  
I m really confused n tired..................  [  ]
I m so Hungray. I dont know what 2 eat  i feel im miley cyrus
I m so lonely on twitter 
I m thinking to going offline for next 24 hours QuickPwn totally Pwned me 
i m totally confused and bored.. my life must change!! 
i m upset  life is difficult &gt;&gt;&gt;
I made a huge mistake with the brownies, hope I was able to fix it! 4 some reason instead of 1/4 of h2o I added a cup, fixed it, let's c 
I made a list of To-Buy things last night, and they mostly consisted of &quot;surely expensive&quot; beauty products.  I've been reading too many ..
I made a litre of blackcurrant juice with boiling water. 20 mins later it's still too hot to drink...  &lt;/dumb&gt;
I made a really big mistake... 
I made a serious blunder in etiquette last night. And I'm deservingly suffering for it. 
I made a stupid mistake on my exam and got an 85 
I Made A Taco In The Microwave...BAD IDEA...Stupid Shell Is Not Soft 
I made a total ass of myself tonight... it always happens when I try to talk to gorgeous people 
i made a video and it wont go onto youtube because it's too long.  im mad
I made a wrong decision, staying at home all day long makes me feel so bored  I should've gone to Nena's house
I made all my things private...now its time to change my number 
i made an okay rap mix   i couldnt have the stuff i wanted  im getting ready to leave
I made bomb ass rice and bomb ass salsa like always. Now everyone can eat n watch lakers and I'm going mimis..I'm so tired..getn sick 
i made Boosh pants. im officially insane.  
I made breakfast 4 da family &amp; it looks/smells delicious, but I just can't get into eatin somethin so heavy right now. 
I made daisy chains yesterday-felt like summer. Today i had a wooly scarf on! Grrr weather  x
I made it six days in a row w/out an accident in the house and then pops took me to a strange place and didn't give me time after b-fast 
I made it. 75 miles complete! 1:45pm! No AT&amp;T signal out here 
I made lunch than ate it  that's it. I know it sounds kind of boaring and it is......................................................... 
i made mcdonalds lose $1.57 cents today...im gunna get fired 
I made mistake again... When I was ï¾–ï½¯ï¾Šï¾ŸPãƒ¼ Spanish magazine è²·ã?£ã?¦ã?Ÿã?—ã€‚ã€‚ã€‚lol 
i made my first car payment today   the nightmare begins.
I made my little boy cry.  broke my heart
I made my mom cum upstairs 2 sleep wit me until i can find it cuz im terrified to kill it  i kno i sound crazy.but y did god put
I made pickled eggs tonight. I wish I didn't have to wait so long til they're done  Never tried one before, hope my improv recepie is good
i made the best bread to go with dinner tonight and the dinner made me so sick I won't be eating for a couple days 
I made the chocolate flakes go everywhere 
I made the last message on my phone but Twitter doesn't tell you if u did it by phone or on the computer anymore 
I made the mistake of not getting coffee b4 I came to the rental car place to sort out this fiasco. It's going to be a long flamin' day. 
i made the sweetest rasberry tea ever i think, it's still too hot to drink 
I made the wrong decisions and I regret it... a lot 
I made Thirteen mistakes at this morning's service.  I counted. Sorry, God. 
I made too strong squash 
I made you a priority when all I was to you was an option. ;( 86 days later, &amp; I still love, miss, &amp; need her.  http://tinyurl.com/n8juhp
I mades it on time! And its too busy to take a nap... 
I make a bad choice everyday. When i decide to get up 
I make one comment about girls liking muscles, puppies, and money... and my co-workers never let me forget it. 
I make so many mistakes-and instead of helping me change a lot of people criticize bcause I should KNOW better??  like I know everything!
I make terrible first impressions..... not a good quality when searching for a job!!! UGH 
I managed to forget my sandwich today and only have 40p. Lunch will be a packet of crisps and an apple 
i managed to last 6 months without having a chicken katsu curry. today was my downfall 
I managed to shove 2 sammiches into Tim's bento tonight.  Yesterday, I could only fit 1 and 1/4 sammich.  Squish'd 
I may as well NEVER twitter because my brother twitters too much and no one sees my tweets! 
i may be 23, but thunderstorms still scare me!!! 
I may be quitting poker soon.  I failed to qual for WSOP on Stars.  If I fail this Sunday on Full Tilt, Im done with poker for good.  
I may check in to lunch time lap swimming--I keep getting bumped from my evening swim by grandkid transport duties. 
I may develop a fear of flying after today   Prayers to all the people suffering through the AF tragedy.
i may have a bed and bath sooon....SHATTERED 
I may have graduated, but I still feel like everything's basically falling apart. 
I may have taken a step backward with the shoulder rehab 
I may have to let these American Idol tickets go because no one will travel to Rochester with me to pick them up! SOO MADDDDDDD!!! 
I may have to pass on wing night...no BDubs for me. Not feeling well 
I may have to start my photography profile over again   which means losing almost 9k friends 
I may have to steal a car and drive back to Tampa to see Kristen. I miss my best friend more than anything 
I may have to take a trip in to the loft to get the fans down...its like being in spain!! Except without a pool to cool down in  xxxxxxxx
I may have to write my own book series one of these days. No series ever ends the way I think they should. Boo. 
i may luv my dad but i h8 him right now... hes being such a d***               
I may never drink pop again....brought on bad nutcracker esophagus symptoms big time last night  
I may not be able to go out with Zel and friends his coming Saturday.. how sad.. 
I may not be going to colorado anymore  
I may not know you, but I've decided I hate you. Why? You're a feef. 
i may only have one more exam, but i still have projects im finishing  this sucks.
I may still be having growing pains. My shins and forearms are aching. 
I may to go to bed soon. My stress level just hit a high note! I think I saw a rodent in my beautiful &amp; ultra clean apartment! How? Why? 
i maybe late but damn cassie why did you have to shave half your hair off ?? 
I me 30 mins to get out of our street (normal 2 mins) and an hour to get on the highway (normal 5 mins).  Should have stayed at home 
i mean alexander Ludwig... but he won't just reply.. 
I mean COME ON!!! Stupid fucking Colorado gets 3 shows?!!?!! What the hell?? That's fucking pathetic? What does CO have that AZ doesn't?? 
I mean I wuld do it myself but I wnt have time 
I mean I'm not confident. To be exact, I have no confidence at all 
I mean listenting .. UG spelling! 
i mean monday take the test monday!!!! please o please ! 
i mean the coll started again... with its hectic schedules...!!!! 
I mean, I all but know that my made-in-china shirt for $50 was made for about $0.50. But it's so cute. 
I MEANNN... hahaha @JonasAustralia nooo i wanna be apart of the Album listening party lol but my cd store cd had no copies left  hah
I meant @ajchevalier I don't have any here 
I meant @JoeGizzle. But still... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
i meant Analysis. My brain is scrambled 
I meant sick 
i meant sob srry haley that ur sick 
i meant up :p i want more followers  haha
I meant WHAT SHOULD I eat?  oh god...
I measured @1wilco12's e-Penis on http://www.epenis.nl and his e-Penis is 5.9cm! Lol so small 
I mess up everything! Can I do ANYTHING right?!?! 
I messaged you, no reply. wtf? god, help me. I only got a few days to be in Brunei. And to spend time with him. &amp; He doesnt reply. C'mon. 
i messed up and dozed off  and had one HK and one Britney sex tape this morning !! UGH !! Lol
i messed up my back/hip. it hurts so bad 
I messed up my knee..  
I messed up my left pinky toe. 
I messed up my lost recording!!! 
I messed up the colour on my TV @yelyahwilliams looks orange on the Decode video!  I don't know how to fix it!
i met a cute guy but too bad he's my cusin.. 
I met an 18-year-old fellow Chronie tonight 
I met her, but I didn't get a picture  but i did get a high five
I met Ian Crawford. He signed my purple high-tops...and now I'm realizing that opportunity is no more. No more Ian in the Cab. I cried... 
I met the cutest boy tonight. But he has a girlfriend  He did give me his shirt though!! Right off his back!!!
I might as well print all the shoes off viva la diva cut them out and put them in my wardrobe because thats the nearest I is gonna get 
i might be better off disappearing for a while.  hell. Time will tell.
I might be dying. I have a sore throat and I keep getting the chills, followed swiftly by heat flashes and sweating. 
I might be epilectic. I keep falling asleep and missing important events like picking people up. 
I might be in love with a boy who doesn't even know i'm alive. 
I might be offline for a while  my laptop is broken - I'm looking 2 get it fixed on Monday - be back soon x
i might be phoneless until my birthday 
i might be responsible for @xykobas3rd feeling icky... 
I might cry  #iranelection
I might do london, sheffield and maybe liverpool. Oh god! Oh god! Possibility i don't do july meet 
I might get kicked out of school. Thing is they don't know that most of us need a job to live in this city. 
i might go get some snickers...stupid king sized ones are broken up. ugh 
i might have a elbow fracture after all 
I might have an aneurism... 
I might have overdone it last night at the party...I dont remember much...my head hurts 
I might have the swine flu, so I'm just going to lay in bed all day. I feel terrible. Bye bye Internet (for the day) 
I might have to cut a few more distractions! Not enough time in the day to take care of everything and give time to everyone! Sorry  #fb
I might have to get my tonsils removed.... Oh no! 
i might have to get surgery.. 
I might have to leave before the Twitter celeb session to make it to Lincoln Center on time...  #140conf
I might have to rethink the 45 mile ride tomorrow if the heat index is going to feel like 110 
I might hit up club Essence in Beaumont tonite!! My dj Go Dj JBoss spinnin!! but look at the weather 
I might lose my job 
I might no be able to get my tat  
I might not be able to go to warped tour...I might fucking cry! 
I might not have a good night sleep...my stomach hurts...I took some medicine and feel a little bit better, but just a little bit 
I might not make it to paintball today 
I might possibly cry if Muse are surprise guests at Glastonbury ... 
I might watch hotel for dogs tonight...LOL don't make fun of me  hahh.
I mightta went a lil toooo hard last night 
i min the PCU lab all by myself 
I mis my phone 
I mis old times 
i mish my baybee. 
I mishh my shtephhy! 
i misplaced my cell phone.  i'm pretty sure it's not for realzeez lost, but it is dead so i can't simply call it to find it :''(
I misplaced my iPod,  or it got stolen, most likely the first choice, but one never knows.
I miss &quot;Sister, Sister&quot;! @tiamowry and @tameramowry never disappointed me.  Can we get another Tia/Tamera show? *crosses fingers*
I miss *insert name here* already 
i miss @Aly1030 soo muchh . ouch, it hurts 
I miss @aNii_lovee n @TickleMeJoey  ILY
i miss @babyvtec  if not for law school could've been watching a double feature tonight! grrrrrr :/
i miss @baltigirl97!! she's gone for the WHOOLLLLEEEE weekend!!! boo hoo 
I miss @BecomingChelsea. 
I miss @BillieSyadrie I'm sorry for being able to call you when u already sleep  I love you,Have a great trip tomorrow! Send my ? to them!
I miss @BradCColeman 
i miss @BrittanyASnow  whats everyone up to lol
i miss @crystal_simmons 
I miss @danielleedawn!  I don't see her nearly enough and its summmer! wtf!
I miss @dEE486 
I miss @eclecticxmanda!  Missing all the fun and excitement.    &lt;3
i miss @heytigray eating withh mebrak makes me think of her 
I miss @indmix and @adaorah already 
i miss @jessi_lopez and @veramissy!!!  i miss you guys .. xoxo
i miss @joeymcintyre too 
I miss @Jonathan_Corey too 
I miss @Joshies_Girl  visit soon  please
i miss @LexLuthor154  
I miss @littleG_ so muuuch and i'm sorry hun i don't have battery on my phone anymore  . i'll try to call you how was your day babe ?
I miss @maharis already 
I miss @NoShitSherlock 
I miss @NOT_JUNE already  http://twitpic.com/4e1ag
i miss @selenagomez  i haven't heard her tweeting since when.. IMY SELENA!
I miss @taylorxtrauma @xtravistragedyx @sillyboyasher @phoenixflapjack @jeffe_ishred @patriik94 @jjamess ambi and basically everyone 
i miss @thebonstergirl &amp; @breezybrowneyes sooooo much.   i hope we can see each other again soon! I LOVE YOU. &lt;3
I miss @themaggiekelly 
i miss @therealtiffany  she hasnt been on in ages 
i miss @tommcfly 's tweets 
I miss @TonySTRENGTH more 
I miss @Uncanny390    LETS GO PENS!
I miss @vfreshh already 
I miss @yavie...I hope she gets better soon 
I miss @zackalltimelow's curly fries  damn him lopping them all off.
i miss 10 January 2009 &lt;3 bcause its my bday bash! and he's so nice for me :&quot;) and now? he's so arrogant 
i miss 6teen 
i miss a lot of people 
i miss a lot of people, let's meet upppp!! i miss you guys too much 
i miss a*teens 
i miss abeley for some reason 
i miss Alex sooo much!!  I need to talk to you or see you soon, i miss youre hilarious jokes in the bus like BIG TIME! ;-(
I miss Alex.  and my teeth hurt. 
I miss all my cousins already. What the fack  @japesg
i miss all my friends already..thts the sucky part of summer. nt seeeing all your friends everyday 
I miss all my friends OMG im not going to see liz or nichole at school any more 
I miss all my not-here-at-the-moment-somewhere-else-instead friends and wish that they were here at the moment instead of somewhere else 
I miss all of my Thursday Meals Kitchen friends.  Mark, Erica, Nick, Sarah, Adam, Laura, Libby...I could go on. I miss all of them. 
I miss all the fckng alpinas 
i miss all the guys! 
I miss all you guys already  xxxxx
I miss amanda  shes the love of my life.
I miss american chop suey....they dont have that out here..i know right.....seriously and we dont have fluff either  or dunkin donuts..
I MISS AMY LAM. 
I miss and love you mommie!! Happy mothers day you all, don't forget to call your mums. It's hard when your unable too. 
I miss and want my manny back 
I miss Ann (ShoneGold)  
i miss annual camp 07 too much and i shouldn't. 
i miss archie, i really want him back. it feels weird not having a cat passed out on my bed 
I MISS ARON  waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.
i miss art class 
I miss ashley  , bouda grab some frosted flakess
I miss Ashley so much right now 
I miss asia and bri 
I miss aubrey. Slowly i'm drifting from my best friends. I haven't even talked to noemi in like a month.. 
i miss australia. i miss my friends there. my teachers. everything about it .. i wish i could go back in time 
I miss baby ! 
I miss Bali, hot weather, Pool side boozing 
I miss Bavarian food 
I miss being 16 and dancing in the front row for my favorite band.  bring out the glitter em effers, I'm going to the front!
I miss being in Indy with all of my favorite people.     Can I go back now?
I miss being on camera. 
I miss being on the radio 
I miss Bermuda and my cruise   http://yfrog.com/5fp0qj
I miss beryl. I'm pretty sure I should have done something 3 years ago- and didn't. 
I MISS BESTFRIENDS!  one month of holiday-----------
i miss beverly already. sad baby bear 
I miss bobby edner 
i miss british india  and tiny declan with his &quot;surfing&quot; dancing 
I miss Britney, now I just got some random horny hottie on my case 
I miss bryyy and joshy 
i miss cairon already 
I miss caitlin already 
I miss carl!!!!! I wanna know whats going on... 
I miss caro. Three days is too long 
I miss Caroline Looney. 
I miss certain people!!!!!  
I miss cheer. 
i miss chelsea 
I miss chelsea. I think She's died 
i miss chester 
I miss chino 
I miss chris already  i was crying in the airport bathroom and people kept coming in haha
I miss civilization!!!!  ugh man.
I miss Classics. I also miss real university, cause seriously, TCol is not real academia. 
I miss Cohere!!! It was sad to see them go!!! 
I miss comic view 
I miss Conan being in NYC 
I miss conan in ny 
I miss Corey so much. 
I miss corrie.. already  I hope your spleen doesnt rupture m'dear
I miss Courtney 
i miss crowebear 
I miss culinary kids. 
I miss cutting the grass. Nothing like cutting the grass and burning it. There is no smell like the smell of burning grass. 
I miss Daddy 
I miss daddy though. 
I miss Dallas already 
I miss DC  and the cruise and the bus ridee.
I miss Dean! 
I miss Dofus, my 2 best friends, Florida, Cody, my old apartment, sleep, and all of my crazy Tally people 
I miss doing Into the woods 
i miss doing youtube blogs. but, i just don't have the 4 hour time it took to edit and upload them. reminiscing through the comments. 
i miss dooooooodddddiiiieeee 
I miss Dounny 
i miss dry gulch... and pastor roy! and the other ppl at dry gulch! 
I miss eating my fave choc waffles. Now my throat cant even accept it.  - http://tweet.sg
i miss Eimear  come home now
i miss emily 
i miss emos   
I miss Eric so much  This is the worst feeling in the world...
I miss Erica and the way we used to hang out  Why do sad realizations come at night?
i miss every single thing about you. 
I miss everybody so much! 
i miss everyone from my first school in jakarta! 
i miss everyones faces 
I miss Father Crowley 
I miss FC.  I wanna hang out with you guys but oh my busy schedule.  haha.
I miss Feb 23rd 2008  best night of my whole entire fucking life. I'd rather re-live that night then win $1million.
I Miss Football Season 
I miss Fox News!  
I miss Friends!  ten years was so not enough
I miss game nights... 
I miss George Carlin, it's days when we have shit depressing news I miss his input later that year in a HBO special or stand-up act... 
I miss Germany toooooo  &lt;/3
i miss girls of the playboy mansion 
I miss going on a bike-ride! 
i miss going to school and seeing my lunch group 
i miss going to schooooooool!!!!!!!  
I miss going to see shows on broadway or with my boys in West End  watching the Tonys!
I miss going to shows  its been 6 months already
I miss Guam! Driving over 5 hours to see friends really makes me miss my tiny island home!! 
I miss Hafiz terribly. 
i miss hanging out with mah family 
I miss hanging out with my friends.  
I miss having a garden. 
I miss having a huge group of guy friends. It was so nice to see the old group tonight, I missed y'all. I wanna get back to how we were 
I miss having Internet at home 
I miss having marathons of BOF. 
i miss having my girlfriends close to me.... 
I miss having my own computer...  
i miss having nerd friends that lived close that would go to the wizard's world convention with me  
I miss having nothing to do except lay out beside the pool every day of the summer.  That was much better than spending all day in class.
I miss having power 
i miss hearing the word pussy a million times a day. where are you juan carlos?  
I miss hearing them    She is so positive and her podcasts are always encouraging.
I miss Heather Costello.  like... No one knows how much.   I'm going to keep doing sad faces.  yep... I sure am... Blahhhhh. 
I miss her alot and its only been one day 
I miss her already 
i miss her latest flame so much! oh my 
I miss her so much 
I miss her so much  I just wish it was next Sunday already so I could see her..
i miss her so so so bad  @madz4400 and i miss L.A and i miss them too... GOD cant wait for the 29th.
I miss her. why am I so stupid. sorry 
I miss Hey Arnold and Doug. 
I miss Hey Hey It's Saturday....and Agro 
i miss hiiiimmm! hurry home 
I miss him  ARGH
I miss him  I wish he was still here. x
I miss him  y doesn't he want me back 1.5years gone
I miss him alrdy.  I'm always trying 2 act tough, but in reality I'm not a rock, I'm human, &amp; ive ths things called feelings.
i miss him already   but i love that i got sang to this morning . @rockandrewroll love you so much
I miss him already  *Kb #24 GaMe 2*
I miss him already... 
I miss him alreadyyy 
I miss him and I can't wait until he gets out! 
i miss him badly. wish i can love him once more again 
I miss him so much  sosososo much. I wanna be in sydney
I miss him so much! Haven't seen my *BF* since the 16th...     Love you Sebastian!
i miss him whenever he leavess...  im growing feelings i dont wanna havee..... 
I miss him, 5 more weeks to go 
i miss him. i really dont want to go to that sleepover party tomorrow, but autumn would kill me if i didnt.   
I miss him..im lost with out him! why is life an crazy ride??? im sad with out him  why did i let go ah im stupid.
I miss home already 
I miss home. Wife an wii aren't here 
I miss honor soceity 
I miss hugging you! 
I miss HUMS. Going to the Alumni thing really made me wanna go back to school!  I want my Masters!
i miss Ice 
I miss India. In July, It'll be 10years since I've been. Makes me sad. So many ppl I miss aren't there anymore  But some still are 
I miss INZANESUPRA  Just finished watching 1 of their old skool vids. Those were the days! pfffft...
I miss it 
I miss Italy .. 
I miss jade already 
i miss january, see you in august. we'll pretend like it's november and pull an march.  why am i doing this to myself?
I miss Jay Leno already 
I miss j-dizz...  and I look like a man.
I miss Jenna..  Four more days of school!!!! ahh!
I miss Jessica!!  i hope she is having fun in cabo with out me!!! whore!
I miss JK-Bhaths 
i miss Joel  and ive spent 99% of the day playing warcraft /sigh
I miss Jon. I wish he didn't have to work this weekend 
I miss Jonathan From Spotify  he was my friend.
i miss k_ris punking me everytime we hung out and effnng me up 
i miss karaoke and general singing.. @ja_bam need jamming bad.. Why can't janice be healthy 
i miss KeZo! i dunno y. am i still have stupid feelings for that person? 
I miss knowing what's going on 
I miss Kris!!  thinking back on good memories... Sigh....
i miss kuya and papa.  they're leaving bangkok tom. i can't wait to see them!  okay, im so hungry. gonna order food now! \/
I miss lanabanana Jadeyboo Thompson. She is/was my best friend, but she is not here to put smiles on my face. 
i miss lancey me and him were to run away in to  the woods  i fell like shit i miss my Knight ~*Netslum-Gaychat*~
i miss last season  sytycd
i miss laura so freaking much. damn i hate distance 
I miss LB/BTSG  I also hate that I miss him! The rat bastars!!! *shakes fist in air*
i miss liam so much 
I MISS LINA AND ASHLEY!!!!!!!!!!! 
I miss lindi.  going to school.
I miss living in New Zealand. It seems like nobody likes dogs in Estonia 
I miss London 
I miss long talks w Alec 
I miss longisland 
I miss Lost.  Oh I know what you'll say. &quot;Come on man you've been watching it too much.&quot; I need to know what happens next!
i miss love youu long time!  they need to get back to sac asap!
i miss marian and michael and our silly billy times  especially michael .
I MISS MATER DEI JHS 2008 - 2009 @egaLj , @genovevamusso , @Linshaawwrr and @NunQi also all of you , Mater Dei's family 
i miss McFLY 
i miss mcfly  blahhh i better go revise for an hour or so till i lose concentration
I miss Mimi already 
I miss minessss  and cantsleep. Ew
I miss Misha's tweets 
I miss mission trip 
I miss Mock The Week 
I miss mommy and daddy; wish they were in town!!!  Being home doesn't feel right without them.
I miss mommy and daddy; wish they weren't out of town!!!  Being home is lonely without them.
I miss movie nights in my dorm room every Friday   I miss you guys! ...switching schools isn't going to be as easy as I thought. :-/
I miss mrs gordon 
i miss muh baby guh  im ready to see herrrr
I miss my @theralphiedog! I had 2 leave on a biz trip. Usairways allows only 1 pet per flight and it was taken 
I miss my 4 day work week.  On the upside I get out an hour earlier and I now actually have a lunch time!
I miss my 43 other roommates 
I miss my A-Dawg..! 
i miss my alex!  having dinner with the fam now.
I miss my alyssah  when should I make the trip out?? @t_mariie
I miss my AT&amp;T U-Verse cable 
i miss my atticus bug dog. 
I miss my Audition Account  -Bare Bored!-
I miss my auntie so much! Padahal bru ktmu... Haha. it's been two weeks! 
I miss my babe.  I think it's time for me to call it a night. Sleep tight, all.
i miss my baby 
i miss my baby       but i get to see him tomorrow (well today!)  yay
I miss my baby   I want to see his haircut soon! Well anyway, tomorrow is a busy day for me. DMV, then Samara's grad @ WHS.
i miss my baby  hateeeeee it
I miss my baby  wanna go home already  we're going out but idk to whereeee  saaaad face.
I miss my baby @AntwanB83 I cant sleep but im really tired  this cant be good ugh! Im gonna be a mess tomorrow!
i miss my baby already 
I miss my baby Binkle Byrd...  u don't know what u got til it's gone I'll love that silly little parakeet forever..
I miss my baby even more now since we so far away frm each other 
I miss my baby gauges.  the dyke waitress has big ones!
i miss my baby in japan 
i miss my baby katie 
i miss my baby savannah, already....and i haven't even spent a night without her..............ahhhhhhhhhhhh 
i miss my baby!  &lt;3 i have a small headache! and i have nothing to eat! -_-
I MISS MY BABY!!!! 
I miss my baby.  where for art thouuu?
I miss my baby... he's at work 
I miss my babyboyy! 
i miss my babyyyy 
I miss my babyyyyy 
I miss my baybeeh so much i cant stop thinking bout her  i love you soo much AMANDA!!!  im watching spongebob
i miss my bb 
i miss my bb brotherrr  and my lost family
i miss my bcd friends 
i miss my bear 
I miss my beautiful angel  #fb
I miss my bebe and kitties so much, I'm sad. I need a hug. 
I miss my bed. 
i miss my bed.i miss my doggy Dodge.i miss my car.i miss my room.my friends.i miss CALIFORNIA! 
i miss my best friend @Catarinax3 
i miss my best friend ALEXIS LAPREE KENNERLY!!! even though your not talking to me for 2 months 
I miss my best friend already 
i miss my best friend already  coming home now.
i miss my best friend already ...  have fun in vegas @JamieVallentine!
I miss my best friend I hope I see him 2night. 
I miss my best friend! I'm sad I didn't get to see her today! 
I miss my best friend, dustin, sososo much right now 
I MISS MY BEST FRIEND.  I WANNA SHABLAM IT ON HER! OK IMAGINEE
I miss my bestfriend  Havent seen her in aGESS! well it seems like agess. BUT ... Read More: http://is.gd/18g5O
I miss my bestfriend  she is at the river.....wish i was there!
I miss my bestfriend  she's busy at the hospital now 
I miss my bestfuwend! Grrrr...I wish he wasnt so busyyyy 
I miss my bestie dizzle 
I miss my besties... 
i miss my bestiest best friend from 5th grade.  i need my SUUSSIEEEEEEEEEEEE!
I miss my bf. 
I miss my bff@Jenny827  Wanna go to a cook out wit me? There's 2 one in qns or in harlem?
i miss my bffeeee 
I miss my bffffffl  
I miss my big head friend @realist08 
i miss my big sister ALOT!!! 4 more days until she comes home  i love you carebear!!!
i miss my bike. and having things to write about. need to ride soon 
i miss my blackberry's connection so much.. still don't have a time to go to Grapari. have to study for the encounter 
I miss my blonde hair   http://mypict.me/45cR
I miss my bo friend 
I miss my boat like no one could even believe on days like these 
i miss my bolton-class  1H was the cutest class on the whole school!!!
'i miss my boltonerrrr' 'i know, i miss my mancy friend'  LMFAO me+chel are funny, but i do miss herrr! 
I miss my booboo 
i miss my boocakes  love is a strange disease
I miss my booh so much its literally breaking my heart into pieces. Will him and I ever be together lord? hugs #trackle and #squarespace. 
i miss my boss  come back Russ!!!!! ill try not to cause too much trouble without him here
I miss my Boss B*tches!!!!  @esmitty22 @trubuty @reeshybaby @blairangela @twostep05
I miss my bounce music collection. 
I miss my boy 
i miss my boy already 
I miss my boy friend. 
i miss my boyf, well i hope he will get back soon frm singapore...very soon! and spend some time w/ me 
I miss my boyfraand 
I miss my boyfran, bestfran, brother, and Cuffbff! 
i miss my boyfriend   i need his cuddles
i miss my boyfriend brutus, and his crazy sidekick, dudley! 
i miss my boyfriend huhu 
I miss my boyfriend so much. I wish I was with him to help him get through what's going on with his grandmother. 
I miss my boyfriend! Ugh josh, why cant i drive yet?! 
I miss my boyfriend, 
I miss my boyfriend. And I hate essay writing 
I miss my boyfriend... 
I miss my boyfriend... Tanky. 
I miss my boyfwend. 
I miss my boys 
I miss my boys already. November is too far away and I don't even have tickets for Wembley. Anyway, I'm still in pain. Off to bed. Night. 
I miss my brain - i wonder where it is now...  
i miss my bro Adrian,he hasnt been home much  and then i miss Shay,stupid dork got her phone taken away now i cnt talk or txt wit her! :[
I miss my brother 
I miss my brother! Im sad hes leaving 
I miss my brother!!! He's been gone 4 a week 
I miss my bubba  dunno when I'll see U  hmpff! LoveUxo
I miss my bubby.  He's coming home soon!
I miss my buddy    but i'm staying strong. Hopefully one day things will get better on that front.  I love you!
I miss my car    
i miss my car so bad 
I miss my car! It's been 5 days and I'm having withdrawals. Wanted chick-fil-a and liquor, instead it's tv dinner and soda 
I miss my caro 
I miss my carrr 
I miss my cats so damn much 
I miss my cellular. It's been two weeks. 
i miss my chandler  and today is packed with stress god, i hope i make it today.
I MISS MY CHEZZ! 
I miss my classmates 
I miss my classmates on Sacred Heart Academy. Batch 2008-2009. 
i miss my cold cafe bevvies 
I miss my com,wasting my life away online 
i miss my couch 
I miss my cousin. 
I miss my cousins so much!!! 
i miss my cousins!  i wanna go to russia and never come back 
i miss my cubing days 
i miss my cullies!!! 
i miss my cuz shes now in afgan. and workin on an usa base 
I miss my cycle 
i miss my d p 
I miss my dad  5 more days!!
i miss my dad  happy fatherless day (
I miss my dad  Lost him in 2000. He was my best friend. RIP Dad. X
I miss my dad, I'm so sad 
I miss my dad.  he just called from Australia. He sounds depressed. 
i miss my daddy !!!!! 
I miss my daddy so much. 
I miss my daddy... Wish I was spending Father's Day with him... 
i miss my daddy's boat 
I miss my dance partner 
i miss my dark hair 
I miss my daughter 
I miss my dawgs  Perhaps I'll go home next weekend..hmm.
I miss my dog  ...yes i miss you too liz
I miss my dog  first day of summer job #2 (pizzeria with the Armenians) yikes.
i miss my dog so much. 
I miss my dog, I hope he likes his new home. 
I miss my doggie  I want to see his little fluffy face again
I miss my doggie  She was the best.
I miss my doggy,my hammy,my turtle &amp;&amp; my fishes 
I miss my donny 
i miss my DS 
I MISS MY DYLAN SO MUCHH!! i want him here with me ..*tear drop* 
I miss my earring stuff  I hate dirty nasty thieves! Don't they know that I'm poor?! FTW!
I MiSS My EmPeroR!! HMPH!  N He Dnt EveN Kno Or CaRe!
I miss my family  and I'm sick  
I miss my family in NC   @swag_baybee, summar, kyndra, shiloh, @jlove56
I miss my family of friends 
i miss my family that's what  good fucking night&lt;3 morning?
i miss my family.  take me home please 
I miss my family...guess it's time to try and find a way to get back to them soon.  
I miss my father. He died in October, 11 mo. after breaking his hip, contracting cancer, &amp; complications fr. COPD. I helped care for him. 
I miss my felicia face so much!!!! 
i miss my first year in high school like so very bad 
I miss my frat boy  going rock climbing and then nothing.
I miss my french toast buddy 
i miss my friend already.  
i miss my friend amangda.. dis is sadd 
I miss my friend in New York.  I have no one to hang out with! Who's free?
I miss my friend....don't know when I'm going to see you again 
I miss my friends  and my boyfriiiiend &lt;3 My brother is killin me :/ (I hate Dora ;)
i miss my friends  i love my girls!!
i miss my friends  i wanna go to school!!
I miss my friends and Brian.  stupid summer!!!
I miss my friends at home. 
i miss my friends Dylan and Alex 
I miss my friends from home so much 
i miss my friends in the other school sooo much i didn't see them 4 almost 3 weeks 
I miss my friends KF and Najma 
I miss my friends so much! I might not ever see My Best Bud Ben ever again!!!!!     I'll miss you My Best Bud Ben!!!!
I miss my friends!!! 
i miss my friends.  i miss them. really.
I miss my friends.  I wanna see them soon !!
i miss my friends.  now this hour and 10 minutes is going to go by so slow.
i miss my friends.. 
i miss my friends.....  .....
i miss my friends.....  when are they going to be back 
i miss my GF oh so much! 
I miss my gf. 
I miss my Gillionaires. 
i miss my girl bec 
I miss my girl so much 
I miss my girl!  I know she's having a fun Mother's Day with her mom and rest of family though!
I miss my girl!!  gettin ready. bro u better be ready!!
I miss my girls  can't wait for the camp out!!!
I miss my girls already  just watched Twilight for the millionth time and am a total emotional wreck!
i miss my girls. aw  cupcake, kambal, mami, kapated, te margaux, muffin, best sis.. a lot more. ( i cant wait to see them on june 8.
I miss my grandad 
I miss my grandma  n I never ever spent any time with her...I was too young...);Tear ;(
I miss my grandma  today is her bday. RIP
I miss my granny . feeling kind of sad . 
I miss my Greys Anatomy 
I miss my hair 
I miss my hair dryer 
I miss my hair. 
I miss my Haley 
I miss my high school classmates!!! 
I miss my high school friends. 
i miss my homies  and i am sooooooooo bored. *iM*a*DoRk* &lt;= sooo true haha me and katie are the biggest dorks eva lol
I miss my honey.  &amp; he misses me...
I miss my honeybunches. 
I miss my horse!!!! Haven't been riding in way too long... sigh 
i miss my hubby 
I miss my hubby  but superstoke @tayyylovestay is staying the night !!
I miss my hubby  gk ketemu 2 hari...hiks
i miss my hubby  he wont be home till thursday...
I miss my hubby.  when is if coming home to me!
I miss my huger games buddy  lol
I miss my hunny  http://twitpic.com/68xd9
I miss my hunny @nerdibitch. I haven't seen her in 4 days 
I miss my hunny* 
I miss my hunny.  Alllllll the way in Chicago/Illinois. Ugh. But heï¿½s coming home! And he got his lip... http://tumblr.com/xov1qy5xk
i miss my ic girlsss  i would go back RIGHT NOW... school and everything.
I miss my internet connections... 
i miss my iphone 
i miss my ipod. 
I miss my iPod...life just isn't the same without it 
i miss my jakeyyy 
i miss my jeffrey  but its almost his birthday! i get good gifts! 
i miss my job 
I miss my juliet 
I miss my Katty, my past cat 
i miss my keiu 
I miss my kendra bear days  I was actually pretty normal back then. now im a full blown wack job that fucks anything with a penis. geesh!
I miss my kids specially being  at work on Sunday  
I miss my kitty so much. My other one is sitting here with me sad as well. 
I miss my kitty, had to take her home. 
I miss my laptop  ... Good thing I got everything backed up in some form.
I miss my laptop  iPhone can't load many things
i miss my laptop!  i left it home tonite..
i miss my laptop. i can't do anythingggg. TEXT ME it's the only contact with the world that i haveeee. working till 10  
I miss my liam, and my shelby 
I miss my lil boo 2  lOl
i miss my lil' nephew 
I miss my lil poopie  she's bn gone 4 days now. can't take it n e more. gtta go gt her *tear*
I miss my lil sister already 
I miss my little princess...it seems like she is always gone 
i miss my little spoon.  
I miss my long hair for basketball.  two more games todayyyyy. Ughhh. &lt;celiaelise. &gt;
i miss my long hair.... 
i miss my loong hair 
I miss my love 
I miss my LOVE  I want him home. It's Saturday! Blah, stupid work!
I miss my love. 
I miss my lover @socialdiss 
I miss my Lucy. I hope she's not too scared. Ugh, I hate nighttime without my baby girl. 
i miss my lyric 
I miss my Mac Pro 
I miss my main @LittleMissGlitz -- Where's my VONNIE!!!! 
I miss my marley 
I miss my Mase   No not the rapper, my cat
I miss my Meow  
i miss my meow  i love you jacob
I miss my Metro Manila-based friends. 
I miss my mom today more than ever  Please support and pray for our troops!! Happy mother's Day to all
I miss my Mom.    
I miss my mom..  &quot;May angels lead you in&quot;
I miss my mommy. 
i miss my mom's french toast 
I miss my mother 
i miss my mp3... 
I miss my Mum and Sister already and their flight hasn't even left yet..... 
i miss my mummii 
I miss my myspace, my blog, my ym, my twitter.. Owh man.. 
I miss my Neti pot. 
I miss my new bestie @BrittanyASnow  where o where can she be lol? Probably w/ her love intrest @ShilohFernandez hehe :p
I miss my niece 
I miss my nisha already! 4 more days 
I miss my Notre Dame girls already!  Wahhhh!
I miss my old blackberry  I don't like the fonts on this.
i miss my old cuts &amp; my relaxer 
i miss my old friends from elementary ans middle school 
I miss my old passport punch  I hope whoever stole it gets rsi from using it incorrectly.
I miss my old phone  I hope it can be fixed...
i miss my old phone it worked so good until i dropped it  i want a new one for my birthday...
I miss my old phone.  It knew me so well. 
I miss my old phone...    New one coming in eight days, hah
i miss my old speakers  they were so loud! wheres my golf towel?!
I miss my oldies making me happy at work  instead I'm stuck with being spit at I HATE SPIT!
I miss my one and only bff tessalalaa shes the shit 
i miss my one and only boo @DarlingNickieB I wish she would talk to me again 
i miss my online friend Julia  someone go and get her please =D
i miss my other half so badly 
I miss my other half.  Where are you other half?!
I miss my Other Half. My best friend, Bridget. 
I miss my own pillow...and my own H; one drawback of traveling solo 
I miss my panda pillow  Laying on the floor with a bunch of weirdos. I love my lifee
I miss my Pare!  &gt;&lt; Get well soon boogs. I effin miss you. &gt;&lt;
I miss my parents 
I miss my partner on my roller coaster of life 
I miss my pc... Oh No!!!! How do i do Miss Julys Page... NO PC  
I miss my perm  I love him so much man...
I miss my phone already. 
I miss my phone, im so unconnected without it. 
I miss my piano lessons 
i miss my piano. its in storage.  heck everything i own is in storage! this really sucks!
I miss my plurk account 
i miss my popeye badly. 
i miss my ppl....  lol my tummy hurts.. jus gt back 4m carls jr. yummm i guess. im thirsty.
i miss my preschoolers SO much already 
I miss my primary kids. 
I miss my princess ... sadness 
i miss my pumpkin man 
i miss my puppies... 
I miss my puppy!!!!!!! 
I miss my redheaded man blanket- it's hard to almost push myself off the bed in my sleep. Plus, he's my excuse to prepare actual meals. 
I miss my room in Pasig.. I have no place right now to take SP's 
I MISS MY ROOMIES 
I miss my roommate, stationery 
I miss my sbfs. 
I miss my science group!  Especially Shivani Choda and Kathryn Ecott
I miss my shitty, ghetto apartment 
I miss my sis. 
I miss my sissy. And my Mom. And Ginger. I think imma cry, 
I miss my sister  so much..
I miss my sister already!  It's hot in my house, going to sleeep, tempted to get rid of the bags under my eyes!  niight
I miss my sister so much 
i miss my sister! 
I miss my soulmate.. I hate kmart they are all a bunch of cock blockers 
I miss my speakers 
i miss my st. paul friends so bad 
i miss my star whores! one is in france and one is at her grandma's... 
i miss my steppy working with me. really bad 
I miss my sunglasses... The river ate them up.  
I miss my Sunshine. Friends with no jobs ftl. 
i miss my sweetie so much 
I miss my sweets 
I miss my Taylor. 
I miss my TB 
I miss my techno twin, Michaela, soo much.. I seriously just criedd... 
i miss my third grade bestfriend 
I miss my toenail. 
i miss my tol. 
i miss my tony.  i miss him sooooooo much. what am i gonna do next year? or when he graduates! WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
i miss my tubagus 
I miss my TV. It's at my apartment in San Antonio all by itself 
i miss my tweetdeck 
I miss my twink  i want to move back to the D but I feel like im missing NOTHING but my man!!!!
I miss my twins on day's like this... Wish I didn't have to work. Ild stay in bed all day... 
I miss my Twitterrific app 
I miss my uncle Mike. I wish he was still here to help me through all of this. 
I miss my underwater friends 
I miss my Versus 
I miss my VW Golf  stupid plow!
I miss my walk in closet, my big room, my own bathroom, my own garage spot... My old apartment... My old life 
I miss my web  ' have to do a lot of thingsss
I miss my week-long May holiday  Where can one go with just a long weekend! :\
I miss my wife and kids!  24/7 with them all last week on vacation and off to Chicago right when we got back 
i miss my xbox........ 
I miss my XBOX360  sad face
I miss MYSELF.  :'-( http://plurk.com/p/12p38w
I miss Nana Peggy today. 
I miss napoleon&lt;3 
i miss new jersey 
i miss new york  also i think my brother is srsly rosemary's baby or some shit
I miss New York already! 
i miss news about niley  i was hear about niley!
I miss NHL hockey  ... as if I have to wait another 3 months!
I miss nicc today. 
I miss Nitin.   Tomorrow can't come soon enough.
I miss not having anyone to joke around with at work  
I miss Oasis concert sooo bad..  Noel, please say that you are going to come back... 
i miss oden from take covr  he's the nicest guy in the worlddd.
I miss one of my best friends 
i miss one of my friends badly. 
I miss one special man 
I miss orlando I dream about it  I wannaa go back *cries*
I miss panima  this is rough.
I miss people already 
I miss photography so so much!  I wish my time wasn't wasted on damn year 12 
i miss playing COD with my baseball boys 
I miss playing drums....nearly 18 months  On the brightside.....short week this week then off to Brisbane.
i miss playing guitar hero!!! even if i always lose.. boooring day 
i miss playing mind games with people  . you just wait, world. you just wait...
i miss playing roller coaster tycoon at estrelle`s house. 
I miss playing shows 
I miss playing soccer 
i miss playing with my baby brother 
I miss PM Dawn  â™« http://blip.fm/~8fbjy
I miss proper Internet 
I miss racing so much. 
I miss RadioParadise 
i miss random chat 
i miss RDC, Sandakan! i wanna go back! and i miss all my friends 
I miss Rich and Darius 
I miss Richard 
I miss Roseanne. What I really mean is I miss Darlene and Dan and Jackie in that order. 
i miss sally tang  why did you have to move?!
I miss Sam  a lot  and I want McFly to come tour in CANADA!!!!!!!!!
I miss sam already 
I MISS SAMMMMMMEADLEY AND OTTY  Take me back to Leeds just to see these boys for bants!
i miss san ramon! sooooo much!!! 
I miss Sarah and Sean already  lol
I miss saturday morning cartoons  work = gayyyyy friggin customer service lol
I miss saved by the bell 
I miss school and my friends 
I miss screaming, fighting &amp; kissing in the rain... Thats the way I loved you 
i miss seeing @NickSwisher at Sox games 
i miss seeing my friends everyday and i miss james  Slam dunk in 2 days XD
i miss seeing wolverine lol...i loved that movie 
I miss sending the children off to school in the morning I leave for school before they do 
i miss shannon and ryan! and jason. and sean. and ginger. and my aunt and uncle. and my grandparents. and georgia 
i miss shelley  wait what?
i miss shelly gee  loooooovee my babyy girl muccch, see you sooon babeee promisee&lt;3
i miss shopping  i want a hello kitty purse!!
i miss singapore. the stress of school has already come back 
I miss singing already 
i miss singing..i miss going to RedBox &amp; Music21..i miss videoke sessions! But i miss my baby more.. 
i miss sleep. as usualy, 45 bajillion things to do and the lowest on the list is a nap 
I miss snowboarding.. 
I miss so many people, I could seriously make a list. That's bad!  Gotta re kindil those flames.
I miss soccer. 
I miss some people terribly but I still can't get over the fact that they did some thing terrible to me as well 
i miss someone real bad with purple hair! 
i miss someone sooooo much right now 
i miss someone special 
I miss someone very much 
i miss someone...a lot... 
I miss someones hugs 
I miss someone's hugs and kisses 
I miss speaking to ken,haven't called back since it doesn't feel right.UGH cbf starting with some1 new also doesn't feel right 
I miss speaking to my babe. 
I miss spending time with my boyfriend. 
i miss spruce and my lovely VMA. seeing them on thursday was so wonderful i'm gonna miss them hardcore this summer 
I MISS STARBUCKS..!!  whehh.. haven't had one since last week.!! ** hoping to have one tomorow.!! **
i miss Stone Cold Steve Austin. Wrestling now seems a little fake. sorry  lol.
I miss summer `ownayn. 
I miss sunshine  Rite now, i usually wake up at 4 o'clock above. Last moning, i woke up at 6 pm above! Woah! 
I miss sunshine!! Rite now, i usually wake up at 4 o'clock above. Last morning, i woke up at 6 pm above! Woah! 
I miss switzerland though 
i miss taking pics with brent  aww. missing my cellphone.
i miss taking pictures 
I miss talking to ^%$#@! It sucks how you and someone can share such a connection and then suddenly that connection goes poof. 
I miss tanning beds. And I am going to try and give up red bull 
I miss Techmex..there I said it 
I miss That 70's Show 
I miss that thing, I miss it bad, how I wish I'm in jkt right now 
i miss the aud     
i miss the baaay aready  people here are so UHH and behind in every thing!
I miss the Backstreet Boys 
i miss the bb live feed 
I miss the beach.  Went down at 3 am in the morning and sat on the beach for an hour. SLEEPLESS NIGHTS ARE AMAZING. Crappy effect, though.
I miss the California sunshine 
I miss the chai latte from Expresso House 
I miss the chihuahua 
i miss the city  ... either would currently be sufficent!
I miss the computer  Hopefully it'll be back up in a week or so. So stick with me if I'm not on =]
i miss the days when everything was black &amp; white  no colors , no troubles! no &quot;finding yourself&quot;... etc!
I miss the days when i had @caitlynnn in my life 
I miss the deo already 
I miss the early morning video of @Jamie913 from her bedroom with bullfrog sounds  lol
i miss the free mobile updates on twitter 
i miss the gf 
i miss the gits 
I miss the good ole days wen we first met 
i miss the gym...see this is what happens when you have exams! school always gets in the way 
I miss The Hills. 
I miss The Hush Sound - xmusicxisxlifexx: So do I, dear, so do I.  Me too. Me too. Same here =[ same here.... http://tumblr.com/x6922pi4d
i miss the ice cream man 
I miss the Indy 500!!!! 
I miss the Laker games  Cant wait for next year!!!!
I miss the lightning bugs from the eastcoast..don't see them here on the west side 
I miss the man  Come back to mee already!!!! lol
I miss the Mari. I have no one to discuss important Oz things with at all hours, or to make fat Angel jokes at. It's tragic. 
i miss the Mommy... 
I miss the multi-touch of safari 
I miss the NBA right now. How am I going to live if everyday I look on the tv and see nothin about bball/nba?!?  man I miss it so much.
i miss the nice weather  rain is never good. i can deal with cold &amp; snow. but rain?? BLAHHHHHHHH. whatever happened to summer?
I miss the nice weather already 
I miss the nine period free months... 
I miss the ocean 
I miss the past i hate change glad somethings are going back to how they used to be. Just wish everything would 
I miss the people from the old days...Gametap, Helio, Htc...I don't have any nerd friends anymore 
i miss the philippines  i want to go back
I miss the Philippines and my friends there!!  I wanna go visit like now haa jeez hope to go there in the summa after summa school
I miss the porn days of yore when they had a back story that proceeded the intercourse. That little story was my masturbatory foreplay 
i miss the queen too! 
I miss the rain. It's not gonna rain for at least 10 days 
I miss The Scofflaws.  â™« http://blip.fm/~7pstv
I miss the sea, nak gi diving badly....but no cuti 
I miss the sisterhood being all together already  xo
I miss the smell of mud in my secondary school. 
i miss the snow 
I miss the stars.  xoxo M
i miss the sun!!!  it's raining again, fuck off!  it makes me depressed 
I miss the tali and punta.  Went down at 3 am in the morning and sat on the beach for an hour. Sleepless nights are amazing.
I miss the testimonials that people used to write for you on #orkut ! #FB is such a #fail ! 
i miss the times when my horoscope applied to me. i am not considering buying a water feature for the house.. 
I miss the tv  it's so quiet
i miss the virginia sun. . .  
i miss the web, and think ive gained weight 
i miss the westcoast 
I miss Thee Armada 
I miss theeeeeeeeeeeeeem! 
i miss them ahreadyy. im all alone in my apartment. myy last night here. it sukks without them yappin it up n makin me laugh. nawimsayyn! 
i miss them old rep days. 
i miss them. 
I miss these boys. I need money 
I miss these days  - Sarah : wuu2 homes? Sam : just about to have a food break Sarah : koolies Sarah : from... http://tumblr.com/xk51xwaae
I miss this ---&gt; @mandomc  
I miss this girl already  my beeeeby http://twitpic.com/6aj9e
I miss this.  http://twitpic.com/7we6z
i miss those moments when all i ever thought of and did was to pamper myself. now i'm overly stressed with the pressure all around 
i miss tiong bahru plaza until i went t google it 
i miss Tony  hes in austrailia for a month and it's killing me!
I miss Tonysmommy on DressupChallenge! 
I miss tradition, and everyone   idk what i would do without christa and @stephengonzalez
I miss tweeting outloud with @xjackie  WALKING TO THE FERRIS WHEEL... JUST SAW A GINGER... I REALLY HOPE MY KIDS DONT COME OUT THAT WAY...
i miss twit pic. 
I miss Twitter   New job is lovely, but doesn't allow much time for surfing
i miss twitter  playing #thesims3
I miss twitter.  i lost 2 followers. okay.
I miss twitter-ing. 
i miss twittering.  soon i'mma going to be in touch with the world again!!
I miss u @sexy1ady! I wana see u guys when u fly in 2nite but we have rehersal dinner then the whole bridal party is goin2 the movies 
I miss u already 
i miss u already...  16 days ... hopefully!
i miss u logan were r u these days... come and save me.......... 
I miss u sooo much A  http://myloc.me/2HkK
i miss u,so much. 
I miss ubiquity in firefox since I'm using chrome koz of my slow PC 
i miss UK . wanna go back there 
I miss Vancouver Island, where there are trees, lakes, and animals. I have seen naught but gophers and horses for weeks. 
I miss vanessa! why'd she have to leave for so long?  3 days without her... haha, I think I'm going to die.
I miss vegas, and my baby demitri  Well he's not my baby, more like adorable lil cousin  http://twitpic.com/7lyxm
I miss vlogcandy 
I miss volunteering   Just waiting to settle into a real schedule so I can find a new place to volunteer
I miss Voobys! 
I miss waking up every morning and seeing the mountains 
I Miss Wales 
i miss watching ace of cakes..its never on anymore.. 
I miss watching Adam with Ray. Everyone here hates him 
I miss watching meryl.  
I miss watching TRUEBLOOD! 
i miss wearing Ugg boots 
I miss when Becky and I started singing Snakes on a Plane at Download festival. 
I miss when Becky and I were sat on my kitchen floor at 4am talking about everything and anything, waiting for Angel Delight to set. 
I miss writing for Download Squad, but honestly, I have such a hard time just keeping up with my homework, I don't have time to blog 
I miss writing to you 
I miss ya, I miss ya, I miss ya. I really want to kiss ya but I can't. 
i miss yishun dam.  - http://tweet.sg
i miss yooouuuuu kid   and i LOVE YOU , really ;) xo Lor
i miss you      hair and makeup, and then headed for exam
I miss you   - Mtv Movie Award tonight  ,  Gonna go out and buy shit to fix up mah shoess  ; stupid mudd puddles :/
I miss you  http://twitpic.com/8709d
I miss you  I think I'm coming to Cleveland soon .. Details will follow! Xoxo
i miss you  te extrano much amor
I miss you &lt;/3 
I miss you @Coooooooony  I wanna to see you 
I miss you all! 
I miss YOU already 
I miss you already  http://twitpic.com/7osdc
i miss you already @jacbrody.  4 months in wyoming, living in a wagon.  no cell phone, no computer, no tv.    
I miss you already Grace  Cant wait till next week! WOnderful day with the boy. Now im going to passout!
I miss you already! &lt;3 
I miss you babe  LexXO
i miss you bby      wish you were going tomorrow to make me do good.
i miss you being my best friend 
i miss you boooooy 
I miss you coach bag  hope you are happy in your new home
I miss you dad 
I miss you debby 
i miss you duy so much. seeing him today made me happy and extremely sad  one year until you're out. i'll be waiting!&lt;3
i miss you experiment 626. come home soon 
i miss you girls a lot...wanna have u back 
I miss you Granddad 
I miss you guys 
I miss you guys soo much 
i miss you guys.... 
I miss you just a tad too much 
i miss you Kristy.  â™« http://blip.fm/~8jigv
I miss you maylin  , I want to talk with you
I miss you my  friends about to cry!!  Please bring back my &quot;ALL Friends Feed&quot;  
i miss you my sun!!! 
I miss you my wisnu narendratomo  hiks 
I miss you Nana and Grandad. (L). Urgh, why do I listen to this song? It makes me sad. 
I miss you people.  There are NOT enough weekends for visiting this summer 
i miss you sister 
I miss you so much &lt;http://tinyurl.com/mf75v4&gt;...  
i miss you so much. 
I miss you so...much!! I'm thinking of you all the time  Hell...No!! Ha ha (Evil Laugh) ;@
I miss you sOo much Dad =( R.I.P Papii Feb.14.05    Me haces mucha faltas papii no es lo mismO sin tii I wish you was w| mee  sOo I  ...
i miss you soo much rhys'   rest in peace my angel,  ilu soo much babeeeeeey'(L)
i miss you sooooooo much       comeback pleaseeee.
i miss you Stella i'll see you soon 
I miss you sun..I want to be laying outside right now 
i miss you terribbly 
I miss you too 
I miss you too  I think I'm gonna leave its taking too long.
I miss you too @screamnpink 
i miss you too jo and hate the sound of 90 
I miss you too papi!!!! 
i miss you yanelo!!!: 
i miss you! 
I MISS YOU!  @roch_3ll3
I miss you! I miss us 
I miss you, @IvsonMenezes. 
I miss you, I miss the person you were, I miss all the great moments we lived together , gosh you hit me hard  sad moment now
I miss you, Jesse...   You have no idea..
i miss you, mohawk 
i miss you. a lot. 
I Miss You. I really really Do . 
I miss you. We need to talk cos this is seriously driving me crazy! 
i miss you.. i miss your smile.  -&gt;emotional? haha!
I miss you... So much 
I miss yours..  kiss me! 
I miss youu. 
i miss youuuuu. 
i miss youuuuuuuuuu 
I miss Yu Yu Hakusho 
I miss Zack so much  I just wanna pet him, play with him, talk to him and hug him... I hope he's ok in dog heaven. :\
I miss Zack so much these days 
i miss zack. i miss him.  can june 13th please come faster?
i miss zee 
I missed @brittanitaylor 's blog tv show for the first time! NO! 
I missed 11:11. Damn 
i missed 24  i'll watch it 2morrow...
I missed 3buses n 1train.It's a day which's long time to wait something 
I missed a thunder storm... sighhhhhh   I love thunder...    Happy Hump Day all!!  
I missed AIDS Walk because I felt very sick on the train.  Turned around came home and became sick.  AIDS Walk FAIL. 
i missed another xcreativexsoulx blog tv session!!!  I keep falling asleep before the show starts.
I missed BB tonight 
I missed Burn Notice 
I missed Cage The Elephant.   TBS was dope.
i missed conan   epic movie though...&quot;the ghost and the darkness&quot;
I missed Conan 1st show  I bet it was awesome.
i missed conan. 
I missed Conan's first show tonight.  I hope they post the whole thing up on Hulu and not just bits of it.
i missed eating my spinach stuff today 
I missed flooding twitter with my tweets. 
i missed gg and 90210! oh no! 
I missed Hannah Montana featuring David Archuleta. It didn't record. Electric got cut..  (How Cute)
I missed happy hour  shit iight my ladies next week I promise
i missed him! 
I missed Keeping up with the kardashians because of my dad 
I missed Lexi... 
i missed listening to Panic! At The Disco! 
I missed Lulu - which Richard said was A Good Thing. so now I'll get in my pyjies and crawl under my duvet until Monday morning 
i missed my #squarespace today. 
I missed my 1,000 tweet marker!! Nooooooooo!!!!!! 
I MISSED MY 3500TH TWEET. WTH. i'm at 3, 524. 
I missed my call from my supergirl this morning!!! 
I missed my cat dearly I wish I could bring her with me to my dorm 
I missed my circuit class   Not a good look!
I missed my driving lesson today 
i missed my friends graduation  gah i feel so bad
i missed my marshmallow .. he came over last night dumm latee , left at 2 gavve me a night night kiss cus i wus tiredd  lols
I missed my Mohmmy 
i missed my tita Irma  
I missed my TRAIN! Damn it Damn it Damn it!!! Im gonna be late 4work! I hate working on weekends 
I missed my turntables 
I missed noonday prayer  so I am gonna have to make it to service tonight.
I missed pearl jam on conan last night. Passed out after will ferrel  check on hulu later
I missed playin my keyboards.... 
I missed princess protection program  FML.
I missed Pushing Daisies last night. I didn't know it was on  You gotta tell me when they play my favorite canceled show!
I missed Stickam tonight, sorry, but I was at work. lol. Dang 
I missed taking a ride with someone in a R8 today... awwww...  *sniff*
I missed the @retrorewind announcement   Something about being flow out for a concert? Can anyone fill me in?
I missed the auditions...  Oh well, atleast I have a routine. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! I wanna play LittleBigPlanet xD
i missed the awards last night!  ... i cant belive it .. &lt;/3
I missed the beginning of Conan O'Brien and Shia LaBeouf was on tonight  stupid DVR piece if shit!
I missed the beginning of Monica's valedictorian speech. 
i missed the BlogTV show of @gabebondoc ..  sigh.
I missed the call from my boo.  Sad face 
i missed the cocktail party, right? 
I missed the Crackdown 2 vid. Lappy cocked up 
i missed the first half of gossip girl. 
I missed the Hillsong show 
I missed the Jamie Foxx concert...     Double WHOMP WHOMP WHOMP.
I missed the Jonas Brothers on &quot;Today Show&quot; i was too busy sleeping haha  
I missed the Joseph rehearsals today 
i missed the live @selenagomez live chat! 
I missed the magic moment when I had 1337 followers 
I missed the MTV awards  so I'm watching it at 7:30 -sogg
i missed the mtv movie awards!  what did i miss?
i missed the riboff 
i missed the Season Premier of Burn Notice  i fell asleeep earlier
i missed the show  im so sorry cherry!!
I missed the showing of &quot;No Dumb Questions&quot; yesterday. 
I missed the tornado last night. 
I missed the Turkish GP 
i missed this.. not sure how i didnt know about this    http://bit.ly/O39FN
I missed you Statsoc.  I missed my Exte babies!  
i missed your call  have a safe flight back home.
I missed your call!  ill make sure i wont miss the next one.. I love you! And happy mothers day sandy! Im getting ready to call u!
I missed. 
I misses somebody 
I misses you too. 
I misss him  soo mutch fuuuuuuuk
i misss my berry. no mobile tweeting until the send it back. 
I misss my boyfriend already.   I want my baby to come home already. damn military!!!
I misss my grandparents I aint seen em' in 5 years  can't wait for x-mas I will Be taking a vacation to El Salvador to Visit them! =]
i misss shannon novioo and bekaa so much  , this summer is going to be nothing like last summer -__-
i misss you 
i missss Anthonyyy 
i misssss my babyyyyyyyyy 
i missssssssss entourage 
I mistaken peroxide in a white bottle for contact solution and i went blind for a bit. So so terrifying 
i mite go 2 bed after i juss get some stuff deal with then im up @ 5am 
I mizz my calc. already. 
i mopped my floor with a bucket pinesol+water, bare hand &amp; a microfiber sponge. shit is peeling the epidermis off my right hand. 
i moree to go and i'm done with undergrad 
I most likely failed my final in math. my parents are going to shoot me 
I most love the Lyricon played by Chuck Greenberg in Shadowfax's music. Miss him greatly    â™« http://blip.fm/~7dzjs
i moved all the icon out and back in again and it still squasehes them with a blank space on the far right 
I moved bedrooms the other week and I put a box of CDs some where.. But where I don't know 
i moved to our office ext few days ago and im alone 
I must be getting old cos all that hardcore drum &amp; bass sounds the same 2 me !!!! Shit i'm turning into a grown up boy man 
I must be going through a phase or something....I just don't want to workout.  And it doesn't help my mood....
i must be only one in britian who hasn't gone nuts for the sun - i don't like the heat  makes me feel gross and a bit ill
I must be reminded to stir my Milo. 
I must be the only person in the UK not looking forward to a BBQ...too much work to get done, really cannot be bothered 
I must be the only person left on the planet who still visits the Strobelight page 
I must be tired. i went to plug my phone in and couldn't figure out what was plugged into the outlet i wanted to use. it was my computer. 
I Must be twitting too much cuz 2 ppl Just Unfollowed me ?  err i cant help it! im addicted yall new that when u followed me! haha
i must defrag my pouter now 
I must go to bed early tonight as I need to be up at 5am for my early shift tomorrow 
I must go to grammar school after this school  I DON'T WANT TO!!!! Stupid parents...
I must hate myself... No fun! No alcohol! No friends! Just fucking chemistry 
i must have been bitten by some mosquitoes. My arm looks like it was attacked by them. 
I must have the beatles poster I want!!! i need it in my room WHY CANT I FIND IT IN BIG SIZE?!!  damn google images....
I must learn 
I must learn a lot for the school.  It is boring. 
I must prepare for the final exam!! Phew..  Iâ€™ll need to study more, before I take the exam. I'm going to have a really hard time!!!!!! 
i must realize the difference between needs and wants  http://twitpic.com/87if9
I must really be on the wrong track! Hmmm... I lost 2 more followers..  I guess silence is golden on twitter for keeping your followers?!
I must REALLY love my wife...  If going to eat White Castles  
I must say my bed is comfy but I guess I should get the ball rolling cause the weekend was a waste,  boo to homework
I must sleep now or I can't wake up tomorrow morning. But I don't want this night to end yet 
I must stop being such a Glutton. 
i must study...but i'm tired, my headache don't goo!!  i want to go to the beach!!
I must to say that I laugh when see your scared face when the grating of the show in Rio broke.  @gerardway
I must to study, &quot;Kejsarn av portugallien&quot; by Sela Lagerlï¿½f and I just feel very lazy today 
I must've slept in a strange position because I can't turn my head right without it hurting 
I napped for a little too long, poo 
I napped for an hour and had a nightmare  things are becoming clear
I nd a deeeeeeeep tissue massage when I get home!! My feet hurt soooo bad. 
i nearly fell off my chair 
I nearly got into a fight in town  both of us following the wall like rats!
I nearly got turned away from the pub due2 jogging bottoms  they let me in4being disabled though.
I nearly sent Zim guy an &quot;I need a drink. Let's have a drink.&quot; sms. He doesn't drink 
I nearly spoiled myself for House, did just a teeny bit, saw a name, but then it went away via link.  I won't be terribly surprised now.  
I nearly throw the main computer out the window it was that slow 
i need @suicidegirls chatter love. i mees them 
I need 1000 words on why nation-states are problematic pronto! I want to go to the pub for @redcurrypaste's goodbye drinks. 
I need 2 go back 2 bed! So hang ova 
I need 2 shout out a apolgy 2 every one i've been around the last 3 days , wasnt takin meds right so sorry 
I need 2 stretch my back hurts 
I need 4 more hours of sleep. 
I need a #followSaturday. I can't handle #followfriday on a workday, sigh 
I need a #nap today. SO tired. And I am sad that it is the last 3 days of school. I will miss elementary school 
i need a 2nd job... i wish i cud work full time durin summer 
I need a 3g card 
I need a Aion Beta Key  #Aion
I need a baby sitter if mel is going 2 movies 
I need a bacon sandwich... but will have to wait for lunch (which is normally on an hour away when I wake up)... Oh grrrr 
I need a bathingsuit! @jessicashops do you have any suggestions? No good ones at target or old navy 
I need a bear to hug 
I need a bed to be in right now. 
I need a better name for my blog *cries* Does anyone think WizBlog or WizPulse sound good? 
i need a better tweet from russ, mine was just an answer to a question and not ACTUAL love 
I need a bf! LOL anyone wanna sign up haha. The guy I like just broke up with his gf too bad schools over I won't be able to talk to him 
I need a bff 
I need a big coffee, but there is nobody who drink with me 
i need a bigger garage. wanted kayak wont fit in current one 
I need a boyfriend and a holiday... None of them on the horizon! 
I need a boyfriend and a holiday... None of them on the horizon!  http://twurl.nl/pwx2m5
i need a break  seriously.
I need a break from everything. I wished i had some money then i would ride 200 miles in one direction and just unwind. 
I need a break!!!! Absolutely exhausted. It's bad when u are falling asleep behind the wheel at 4:30pn. 
I need a car asap 
I need a car.. 
I NEED A CHOCOLATE CAKE 
i need a ciggi! not available in CU canteen!  gareeb sale! :X
i need a clean room. missing my baby love wont see her til monday 
i need a cold drink 
I need a comfort hug right now 
I need a cuddle 
I need a cup cake.  I don't have a cupcake. 
I need a cure...I am so not feeling well today 
i need a delicious tag that just says &quot;why-idol-fandom-why&quot; except i would wind up using it on EVERYTHING. 
I need a dose of reality. Im stuck in this fairytale and nothing is coming true. 
I need a double boiler. 
i need a drastic hug  today has not been good!
I need a DRINK! I'm supposed to be at Howl right now 
i Need a family   i think i may indulge in a book.
I need a foot massage! 
I need a foot massage. 
i need a freakin hug 
I need a freaking sign. Pag nag-play ang song namin.. alam na 
I need a friend right now  , I feel like mmmm ... sosad 
I need a fucking boyfriend. LIKE NOW. FML. 
I NEED A FUCKING FRIEND 
I need a girlz night out........miss my bay area besties 
I need a good blog/poem topic guys... I want to write but I'm blocked  any ideas?
I need a good chair, my back is killing me  - Overclock.net ...: Q6600 G0 3440mhz 1.38v, Motherboard GA-EP45-U.. http://bit.ly/c42uu
i need a good idea... FAST! 
I need a gorgeous man who, after all night sessions, wakes me up at dawn for more. 
I need a GPhone! New models in France for Q4. No geek should have to wait more than three weeks for geek stuff 
I need a haircut and am broke. sad! 
i need a haircut and i wanna do something diff! what should i doooooo? 
i need a hobby.  i was gonna go look for one at the hobby shop yesterday, but my dad didnt take me !  
I need a holiday  only one day off this year.
I need a holiday, I want a tan and some sunshine 
I need a holiday, just want to go somewhere hot and relax with a cocktail! Im fed up of all this! 
i need a hot chocolate. 
I need a hug 
i need a hug and some one to chase tears away 
I need a hug today 
I need a hug, a massage and a big glass of Iced tea 
I need a hug.   
i need a hugeeeeee twug man, my ears are giving me some jip still 
i need a hun 
i need a iPhone 3G S too!! 
I need a job  on the bright side, I am now making a new CD
i need a job sick of beening at home 
I need a job soon and I want matt to finish tour 
i need a job stupid recession 
I need a job this summer 
I need a jump because my car battery is dead and no one is answering!  I'm fucked!
I need a lift home after the english exam tomorrow 
i need a lil nightlight this is the only time I have to read my books! when leanne is off to bed! 
I need a little cheering up!  Guess I better sleep it off!
I need a little lie down 
I need a long sleep due to lack of sleeping. Urghh i wish i didnt have to work 
I need a mars duo 
I need a massage 
I need a massage so bad. My body is so mad at me. Shoulders are in knots, legs are sore, feet are blistered. Much more walking on tap too 
I need a massage. also, lunch time appears to be here. Where do I want to eat today? No @shivian to have lunch with this week 
I need a massage. My neck still hurts from getting rear ended 
I need a massage... 
I need a memory card 
I need a milk shake running a fever  
I need a mood booster... I need... JAMBA JUICE!!!!!! But its too far away. Dammit!!!!! 
i need a nap ... but i cant 
I need a nap but I still have to work for 3 more hours 
I need a nap. Im so tired!  but my mom and i bought this amazing garlic cheese sourdough bread!
i need a new back. 
i need a new belly. this current one ate a bad roast beef sandwich and is suffering. 
I need a new blogger template. 
i need a new book. im always the first one done with my test man 
I need a new box for my books... the one I brought them in has disappeared from the garage, and I don't want to go out and buy another 
I need a new cage for one of the guinea pigs.  Looks like we'll have to split them up, since they're fighting all the time 
I need a new career.  Suggestions?  Already tried out for circus freak, but just wasn't short enough for midget bowling 
I need a new cell phone so badly 
I need a new computer chair 
I need a new desktop. Few things suck more than having to borrow someone else's computer b/c mine isn't fast enough for video 
i need a new dress pronto 
i need a new hair straightener. im sorry sam, the sedu died this morning. im afraid it needs a funeral  why must chi's be so expensive?
I need a new job 
I need a new job asap 
I need a new job. 
I need a new job...desperatly!!  Just can't find one  ahh
i need a new myspace song  any suggestions ?
I need a new online name dammit. 
I need a new phone 
I need a new phone  one that is Ross and Summers proof
I need a new phone..... I also need to go to sleep! Ewwie school tomorrow. 
I need a new PocketGay. anyone up for the gig? I broke up with Georgie and now I miss him 
I need a new profile picture for my twitter. I can't seem to find one that works for this site 
I need a new roommate in august. Sad face 
i need a new sound system in the car. i miss having bass 
I need a new stupid blackberry. Its official. Mine hates me and decides not to work sometimes. It ruins my plans 
I NEED A NEW TOPIC  
i need a new video card so i can have dual screens again  i miss them
I need a new wireless mouse 
i need a pepsi now!!!! 
i need a personal assistant. well i don't really, i just want someone to go to nandos for me 
i need a pick me up. probably should be tackling cardio right now. like that's gonna happen... 
I need a picture but Twitter claims everything I try is too large 
I need a place to live!! 
I need a plain white tee 
I need a poem for my group today.  So far, ideas=0. 
I need a pool !! 
I need a pot noodle. Random but true! Also i'm very distressed because my shia labeouf calender keeps falling off my door. 
I need a present for my mom.  Could anybody help me ?! 
I need a puppy 
I need a puppy sitter for this weekend.  
I need a quick way to make money!  i just dont know what! Help me
I need a quieter air conditioning unit for my living room - right now it is a choice of TV news program or cool air 
I need a raincoat it's freaking RAINING AGAIN!!!!   ;(
I need a real female don't seem 2 be any left around 
I need a record deal 
I need a red hoodie to wear with my red vans 
I need a rental lap top, my computer will be going in for a upgrade and it could take up to 2weeks 
i need a revision timetable sorting for my GCSE's they dont start for a week but it's gonna be a last minute cram 
I need a scarf, gloves, a mask, snowboarder glasses and hot chocolate  HAHAHA
i need a screen door for my room!  its so hott!
i need a second job 
I need a shower, 'cept theres a delivery coming and i know that'll come the moment i get int he shower 
I need a summer job. 
i need a tan..it's not even funny...my lab partner keeps calling me casper 
I need a texting buddy since Liz is at the waterpark today. 
i need a texting buddy! 
I need a Tylenol and a nap.... 
i need a vacation 
I need a Vacation!! A few weeks off from d daily hustle and bustle. I want 2 go 2 GOA and Kerala too  .Will think until it bcoms a reality
I need a vacation......Hurry up and get here July 9th! 
i need a vaccination before i go to the philippines 
I need a voice. 
I need a Xanax and have none 
I need about 7225283 cocktails after the day I've had. And I'm going to miss @DirtyHorse A LOT while he's in Chicago 
I need Adobe Lightroom 
I need advil but I don't have any  My tonsils hurt..
I NEED ALCOHOL... 
I need allergy medicine really bad  &lt;\3JLP
I need an amusment park 
I NEED AN EDITOR! NOW! 
I need an excedrin pm  headddachhhe!
I need an eye patch...but Katie said only if I talk like a pirate all day.  http://myloc.me/4FHf
i need an implantable memory stick so i can remember all the ideas  have offline *sigh* 
I need another drink. And the orange juice is all gone 
I need another follower! My 100th was spam so I'm down to 99 
I need another job  ughh
I need another show 
I need Ashleigh so much right now. I miss her 
i need better things to think about 
I need better tools to get rid of the tree roots.  Bloody impossible things!
I need big contributers. Need to pay for uniforms.. Low income families can't afford to cover cost. Very sad 
I need breast  lol  http://mypict.me/24ez
I need caffine, I don't get to go to sleep till later today  I am so tired right now though.
I need cake. Sadly, don't have any  Great rehearsal tonight &quot;one day more&quot; sounds great!
i need cheering up 
I need chocolate 
I need coffee!!!! Can't take these sleepless nights - guess I'm missing someone 
I need coffee, but no milk  what is it about milk in NY that it only last three days after opening? Kafe Grace for me then.
i need coffee, some medicine, and hugs. 
I need couple 12ft-ish ethernet cables. Someone hook me up free? in MD I'd just make my own. 
i need credit for my blackberry 
I need drum sticks. 
I need earplugs. The television upstairs is on again. Although not as loud as the other night. iPod might have to suffice. 
i need elbow pads for working and playing on the computer. i swear, they are permanently bruised. which means constant discomfort  stoopid
I need exposure, and a few sales wouldn't hurt either 
I NEED FOLLOWERS 
i need followers  follow me
i need followers!!! feeling lonely! 
I need followers,, someone give me a chance im kinda loanely and upset. Got in a fight with my bestie, we arent friends anymore.  advice?
i need food  but i'm so lazy...
i need food to energy up!! where's my kfc 
i need food.  hurry up. #uns1
i need food. too bad im not at home  i miss my man and my cat.. is that weird? ha
i need foood  who wants to feed me? im starving, parents wont feed me 
I need fooooood.  
I need gay friends 
i need glasses!   RB made my vision real bad, from reading stupid lyrics! i cant read words from farther than 4 feet away now   FUCK!
I need green 
I need hair help. Like seriously. Stat, code blue. 
I need he'd forget to call me 
i need help  someone giv me advise
I need help getting ready for tomorrow 
I need help I'm stuck I'm bfe and can't get out I wana be home 
I need help in jaibreaking my iPhone 
I need help packing!!! ugh we have accumulated too much stuff!!!!! 
i need help uploading my picture. twitter isnt being picture friendly 
I need help with my homework 
I need help! 
I need help!  Im dying for breakout! D:
I need help. 
I need help. Which is a better Twitter name? TheMikeLopez or mikerlopez? MikeLopez is taken. 
i need help... 
I need HIM here with me 
i need hug, for sure .. 
i need ice cream!!!!! right now!!  
i need inspiration ppl plz help anyone 
I need internet at home. 
i need irnbru. tea just isnt enough 
I need iron 
i need jonas  more chem and trying to learn authors
i need juice.. 
I need lots of alcohol  x
i need lowd 
i need mah girls 
I need mittens now....ive been tearing myself uo like a baby 
i need money  sucks being skint
i need money !_! wanna graduate soon so i can find a job !_! money money money 
I need money, dammit! May not buy me happiness but it sure as hell does help when you're not struggling to buy food! 
i need moneysss  = i need a job
I need more carmex! 
i need more followers and i went to having 151 subscribers to 149 ! wtf how did that happen? 
I need more followers! I feel unloved 
i need more followers! i had 89 &amp; now i just have 84  whats up people?!
I need more followers.  who wants to help me with this goal?
i need more followers... can you all please help me ... 
I need more friends that likes the same things i do, it's that so hard to ask 
i need more friends. 
i need more ice but it's all run out 
I need more lemon ice tea pleaseeeeee  jakarta is sooooo damn hot todaaaaay ! xoxo
I need more men friends here.  Wife just walked by a watched me Tweetin'.  &quot;Ya'll get a room&quot;.   fwd: @katheesue
I need more minutes on my phone. There almost all gone! 
i need more people to follow, im lonely 
I need more people to read my writings. I'm getting discouraged! 
I need more polaroid 600 film but all the packs on ebay expire soon  that's the suck part about digital
I need more sleep asap!!! Ugh I hate summer school! 
i need more sleep, why did i go the gym now i feel even worse 
I need more sleep. Getting up for church is such a pain. 
i need more snapple.. 
i need more time for my tests!!!!!! (poor maddy  all the paparazzis must be ashamed!!!)
I need motivation to get on the treadmill today.  I am SO not feeling it.  
i need mummy  i miss you mum.
I need my Ama 
I NEED MY ANGEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLL!!  i fucking really need you... 
I need my bed. Missed my flight &amp; I'm sick 
I need my best friend 
I need my best friends please? I hate feeling like this  I need a good girly night with ice-cream and movies and girly chats!   16 Days(Y)
I need my bff 
i need my bff shoulder to crying on 
I NEED MY BLACKERRY BOLD BITCH! AHHHH  i hate my sonywalkmanphonegay
I need my daily waaalk aint bitchin faair  I'm eatin, I'm stuffin my face, I'm overdosin on sweets what more do I have to doo! Bloody hell
I need my favorite cuddle buddy right now. 
I need my freaking paypal to work already! I am sulking because i always procrastinate.. 
I need my leggings. Track meet today? But it's raining 
I need my lower back massaged  it's sore
i need my mama, i miss her so bad 
I need my new phone! Grrrrr... I hate the razor... 
I need my nothing to lose mentality back. 
I need my own apartment and about a couple thousand dollars to decorate it 
i need my phone  sad face
i need my phone i hope security finds it!   
I need my red panadol soo badly 
I need my sleep.. This insomnia attack is torturing me.. 
I need my twin to come take care of me and bring some chicken noodles soup 
I need My voice back... 
I need new body for Logitech MX1000 mouse 
I Need New Books BADLY! 
I need new clothes  and my iPod back , fml .
I need new glasses. Nope, no sarcasm or undertone involved. I ... just ... need ... new ... glasses. 
I need new ideas for package goodies. One of my cool ones broke  damn glasss need more bubble wrap
I need new music to listen to  .
I need new shoes 
I need new songs 
i need one last kiss and last one night bfore you go  .i will miss u hunn .love u so much
I need one more follower 
I need out of this house 
I need photoshop 
I need plans for the summer! 
I need prayers and positive vibes to a person and his girlfriend who I hold dear to my heart. I hope they pull through this 
I need proper profile pics! Everytime a client asks for a profile pic for publications, I get all panicky  Help, anyone?
I need serious MOTIVATION. 30 days left to do well in school. I will not let my QPI go down this sem. 
I need serious prayer and possibly a hug 
I need shoes for my wannabe graduation but my feeds are to big 
I need sleep .. but I can't! 
I nEed sleep but can't 
I need sleep but I can't sleep! 
I NEED SLEEP. but i reeeally need to finish math for teh test tomorrow 
i need sleep... but probably won't get much. 
I need sleep..I think my eyes actually ache  this phone is just too cool for sleep... lol. Better catch some much needed zzzzzz's. &lt;3
I need soem Tylenol 
I need some @lazyblazy in my life. It's been tooooo long again 
i need some beer 
i need some black v-necks.. idk where to gooo! 
I need some bonjela 
I need some candies and caffeine to survive... 
I need some cheering up 
I need some cheering up  some kind words for me? post em on my blog http://bit.ly/cSG3g
I need some comforting.............. 
I need some cuddlin'  
I need some female friends I can hang out with. For real. Why do the good ones live near clevo 
i need some food right now ... in n out sounds bomb but way too far 
i need some food, havent had a proper meal since lunchtime tomorrow 
I need some free #fieldnotes because I can't travel to North 3rd Street in Philly to buy my own. 
I need some friends or followers or something!!! I am a loner right now 
I need some friends... 
i need some fucking money 
I need some help with these SWOT Analysis of the social networking engagement of Iberostar and Marriott..... 
i need some help you guys. what do you do when one of your best friends stabs you in the back...... 
I need some inspiration before i hit the kitchen tonight 
i need some johnsons 
I need some mental support to do my cardio.yesterday's pump is killing me muscle.. 
I need some more chap stick... 
I need some mudafucjin soup and my wonder women are @ work n jersey and n bmore@work 
I need some new flip flops... and bell bottoms. Those pants are awesome. Had some when I was a kid. Miss those 
I need some of those fingerless gloves today - my  hands are freezing and I'm making lots of typos.  
I need some poop-flavored nail poilsh, so I'll stop biting my nails. 
i need some rest .. 
I need some selsun blue...pretty sure i have a small spot of haole rot 
i need some serious cheering up 
I need some sleep but I just can't  http://myloc.me/5AIs
i need some sleep i'm so tired 
I need some sleep. Everyone says i'm getting down to low. Everyone says you just gotta let it go...Feel free to text. Obvi I can't sleep 
I need some sort of proper filing/organisation method for my magazines so i can pull up tutorials that I know i've read easily 
I need some time to chill. Someone to hang around wif. Everyone's busy  Anyone's free? Aiyay yay! - http://tweet.sg
I need some tlc... 
I NEED SOME XANAX OR SOME SHIT 
I need somebody i can trust, i'm feeling like crap. 
I need someone to be in my rap video 
i need someone to cheer me up 
i need someone to cheer me up  results at 2:30
I need someone to come kill this cockroach in my bathroom!  UGH UGH. I started pouring rubbing alcohol and vodka on him. UGH
I need someone to find out my act score online 
I need someone to talk to 
i need someone to walk on my back so it cracks. my back is killing me 
I need someone to watch rugrats with 
i need someone to wrap legs around with in my bed... so lonely  
I need someone with an eBay account and quick! If you help me out I'll give you one (possibly 2) free Warped tour tickets! 1 hour left 
i need somes twitter followers 
I need something funny to cheer me up 
I need something new in my life.... 
i need something to do 
I need something to do. I wish Brandtley could drive. 
I need something to pass the afternoon. I wish to go shopping but no one will take me 
i need something, someone... to fill this hole in my heart. i cant help feeling like im missing something 
i need songs.. 
i need soy milk and mothers cereal .. to bad i am broke.. 
I need spell check on my tweets 
I need starbucks... why can't they deliver... 
I need stuff to do! I'm bored 
I need sum new hoes  cuz deres no1 i culd call rite now if I wanted to LoL
I need sumone who is Italian to translate sumthin for mee 
I need sunglasses for computer use. My orbs be hurtin' me 
i need the beach i miss the beach 
I need the illest back rub. 
I need the new update for my iPhone!! 
i need to alter 3 pair of jeans.  but i'm too lazy to.
i need to b a little more friendly.  I dont really know anyone in NY, or its surrounding areas. 
I need to back in Lansing asap  hmph!
I need to be a superman just for a minute... need to rewind time and fix something... 
i need to be cheered up  wheres @rustyrockets when u need him!
I need to be in bed, damn my insomnia 
i need to be in florida now  8 weeks is just too long!
i need to be ready by half 7..not happening seeing as im still revising//taking notes 
I NEED TO BE WON OVER. A boy who is gona do his hardest to get me  emma is so lucky. I want that kinda boy to find meeee
I need to become a fashion designer,i cant find a bathing suit thats made for large chested women 
i need to believe in you but i can't u are so different u aren't like me u are like an other person... i want to know the true 
i need to buy a new battery for my lovely watch ASAP 
I need to buy a soldering iron and associated gubbins. Too much choice  Where's the ï¿½Soldering Electronics for Noobsï¿½ option?
I need to buy a Tablet 
I need to buy new shorts. I only has one pair and they have a hole in them 
I need to buy some new shorts today, some reason mine are huge on me this summer.  
i need to clean and do laundry and should grocery shop and take water sample to pool people.  but its &gt;90 and sticky 
I need to clean the house   How boring!
I need to clean!  but I so don't want to. 
I need to confess. I made a flavorless London Broil tonight. 
I need to cool down.  Just apologied to my cabbie and gave him a bigger tip.
i need to create a new background i did had one customed but yea deleted it  too ugly need a new pretty one
I need to decide on a phone to buy 
i need to do a bit of schoolwork. 
i need to do art, but I'm reaally not in the mood 
I NEED TO DO HOMEWORK BUT I WANNA GO TO SLEEP 
i need to do my religion assignment, but its at school 
I need to do some Algebra homework today... but it's so pretty out! 
I need to do something active everyday, I'm feeeling very very lazy and that's not good 
I need to do yoga or something I'm so irratable !!! Ahhh y do I feel so annoyed 
I need to drive around and charge my phone. Ugh 
i need to eat, but i also want to do makeup 1st but it takes too long, my back is also killing me 
I need to edit and post some videos today. I dread that task. It takes so much time and makes it hard to get anything else done. Sigh 
I need to enjoy my life as a senior at high school! Cause it's almost over 
i need to escape big time...i feel like i'm being held back 
I need to exercise more. I need to lose weight. Its so difficult to do  I AM A FATTY WAAAGH.
I need to find 200kr !!!! or else I won't be able to get sims 3!!!!!!!  my new phone never comes. Im sick, i think and its prom tmrw 
I need to find a good home for my dog 
I need to find a job if I'm ever going to have enough money to buy a DSLR 
I need to find a liquor store in NYC that sells Hancock's Reserve 
i need to find a new twitter background  ideas?
I need to find a pair of shorts that doesnt show my underpants. But I need monies for that. Stupid cut-offs. 
I need to find a second job! 
I need to find a way to condense 40 hours into 12... never enough time in the day for everything I want to get done. 
I need to find friends who also like riding roller coasters and rides  I'm tired of being the only one riding!!!!
I need to find my disc so I can update my spyware stuff and anti-virus stuff. 
I need to find out who they are. 
i need to find something to do. nothin to do at my house. all my friends r not at home. 
i need to find the damn receipt for @bestbuy installing my sirius b/c the FM direct adapter isn't working now &amp; they need to fix it 
i need to finish my crucible essay 
i need to finish my portfolio today, but i have other stuff to do 
I need to gamble right now!!! Broke 
I need to get a flash for my cam! The standard one is too basic.. cant experiment with it. plus throws light only at 40 degrees. 
i need to get a nap! urgently. 
i need to get a sticker for my car..gotta replace a few things tho..gonna have to go to the county...   
I need to get back into daily tweeting. This hiatus sucks  What also sucks is GSN interrupting shows while they're airing. &gt;_&lt;
i need to get back on track, training and diet. Despite choosing an 'up' state, my energy today is shocking 
I need to get back to work on my debate.  I'm watching my dad game. It's funny.
I need to get busy. Too bad it's 11:30pm... 
I need to get decent sleep, Wtf?! 5 am &amp; still nothing 
I need to get him out of my head 
I need to get in a good, hard workout today after work, I feel like I've been slacking! No good 
I need to get more Tang at a bodega, my orange/strawberry mix is gone today 
I need to get my allergy shots, I need to STOP watching so much Freaks and Geeks, and I need to not be so bummed. 
i need to get my life together aka my apartment all cleaned and back how it was before my birthday 
I need to get my science work done ASAP, man wish I didn't go out today now 
I need to get off my ass (or, technically, on my ass) and start a new story. I need ideas first, though. Help me,  Idea Fairy! 
I need to get on here more often so my secret crush notices me! But I've been taking care of my boss... She's not doing too well 
I need to get out in see wassup, but its hot out there   I don't wanna melt. Might just go get my manicure so my toes will look pretty.
I need to get out of Alpharetta and into Albany cuz this is not the summer I planned....i'd rather be @ school!!!!!!!! 
I need to get out of Connecticut. I'm missing @OliviaZacks... she's all the way across the building! 
I need to get out of the house. I might go for a run but then I might get attacked by the people of Mossley 
I need to get OUT of town 
I need to get out of town.  I watched Surf's Up and now I'm dying to go to the beach, haha. Thanks a lot, stupid surfing penguins!!!
I need to get some new clothes and get a tat, but I want this iphone soo freaking bad  damn you god for making me poor
I need to get some shit together for enchanted rock tomorrow! I hope its not sweltering outside 
i need to get some shut eye 
I need to get some sleep but somehow I can't fall asleep 
I need to get somethin on my stomach before I pass out 
I need to get the hell out of my house now 
I need to get up &amp; get my walk on!!!  No motivation today!!!!!  Sigh. 
I need to get up but have no real motivation  can someone help pull me out the bed cause my family can't do the job :/
i need to go and exercise but i cant be bothered 
I need to go and get ready for school. The only bad thing about Fridays is that I have maths first lesson. 
I need to go back to bed...UGH...but I can't! 
i need to go back to eau claire. 
I need to go back to my 5x's a day food schedule. I fell off 
i need to go get chocolate but it just started raining 
I need to go on a diet..no more snacks  need to turn some fat into muscle.
I need to go out tonight but the club in town has been shut down  HELP..?
I need to go ouuut. I'm so bored. 
i need to go print my pics soon!!! also need to do something for my mum before she leaves  booo
i need to go run a bath tbh.. but its so hot  ill just get all hot and bothered. 
i need to go to american apparel 
I need to go to ATL, mainly just to go to Ikea.  The stuff I want isn't available online.  
I need to go to bed so I can get up EARLY to watch @Bran098 graduate! But I'm not tired.  lol. Oh well, Brannon &gt; sleep.
i need to go to bed. springboard tomorrow and wednesday! i'm so nervous. 
I need to go to la for demis video shoot tomorrow!!!  ....
I need to go to sleep before 4am tonight...  ... So exhausted.
I need to go to sleep but I can't... 
I need to go to sleep! 
I need to go to the A Day To Remember concert.  
I need to go to the dentist. It's been forever and my teeth feel funny 
I need to go to the doctor  I'm sick of my back always hurting me.
I need to go to the god damn post office!! And I just broke my necklace  ughhh.
I NEED to go to the gym  this is depressing
i need to go to the gym...i missed 2 days!!! that means double work out today ugh!!!! 
I need to have a white rose ring and I finally saw one today, but it wasn't my size. 
I need to keep my behind in my bed and try to fall asleep already! Uugh 
i need to know if it's over...cause i will leave you alone 
I need to know what the secret to: breaking a bad habit..is. 
I need to know your user name michaela I want to send you something and LOL @ your jokes 
I need to learn a real programming language. I just want to make pretty things though. 
I need to learn geography about India 
i need to learn to censor myself in public. the elder do not like, but the feelings are mutual.  fail
i need to let my inner geek loose... but i don't know anybody who will assist me in doing so  star wars or pokemans ccg/tcg anyone?
i need to let off some stress no drugs included....i miss mary jane 
i need to log into twitter instead of using apps more often.  i'm rather sad to notice that @dalemugford has removed me. 
i need to make friends who know how to play poker, i miss drunken poker nights 
I need to make money   I'm already in debt :'(
i need to move out of my house. too bad i have no money 
I need to move the hell out of here. 
I need to move to a mainstream area 
I need to mow my lawn before the PAR-tay.   I hate mowing.
I need to my a friggin memory card for my phone  that's the 1 thing u can't replace when ur phone is lost or stolen 
I need to nap   An hour to go till I can go home .. Counting ..
I need to not slough off any more work at school 
I need to pack and move the rest of my apartment into my new condo 
I need to pass my test 
I need to pay my fine today!!! I sooo forgot about it 
I need to pee! I don't wantto get out of my comfy bed 
I need to perform surgery on the Civic to cure it of the swine flu. 
I need to play inFamous... Where's a free Blockbuster rental coupon when you need one? I miss that Coke Reward 
I NEED to post a video!!!!  But I'm stuck...
i need to pray more. I'm full of anger again.... in my head 
i need to print 120 pages of my manuscripts and mail them before the post office closes and my printer is extremely slow. 
I need to print 70 sermon notes pages and the copier is broken and my printer only prints in sea blue.    Gotta do whatcha gotta do.
I need to put my brain to bed. I've been so unproductive today 
I need to re arrange my room, but no one wants to help  *tear*
i need to read the back of my eyelids like NOW!! its not wrkin 
I need to rest a little... allergy is killing me  Need to recover soon... hope it'll pass soon. Take care...
i need to revise 
i need to revise seriously. not done much over the weekend. i knew going away would be a mistake 
i need to revise, i need to sleep 
I need to rub salt in my wounds - literally! I have an ulcer  ouchies!
I need to see &quot;The ugly Truth&quot;. I love Gerard Butler way too much 
I need to see a health care professional specializing in back pain and neck pain. Just sitting not moving at all is painful..  
I need to see my friends! I've been missing u guys 
I need to see the ocean, northern brazilian beaches maybe, but... not until next January ... 
i need to see you 
I need to shave...again. 
I need to shower. I wish I couldve went to ub 
I need to shrink my baseball tee  it's too big. And to think I was stoked to finally buy one, when it's big. Size small, still big. FML.
i need to sleep  weddings dont set themselves up
I need to sleep but I'm wide awake! It happens every night at this time. I should have gone to bed at 11 when I was actually sleepy 
i need to sleep cos i have to get up at 6am but im too excited and @mcflyharry keeps posting tweets. go away harry let me go to bed  haha
I need to sleep, but I'm really not THAT tired. But I have a morning start tomorrow, which means sleeping now bad. Plus, need haircut! 
I NEED TO SLEEP. I WANT TO SLEEP. Why do I have to mop the floor? 
I need to sleeplies  CYA before worklies in the morning.
I need to sneeze, but I cannot sneeze 
i need to speak with @sofiedeville! but i left my phone at home 
I need to start drawing again... I envy other artists. 
I need to start looking for a new job. I haven't been at this one long but I don't think it is going to work. I want to go back to school 
I need to start looking out for mixed messages Â¬__Â¬ i could have had a chance today 
i need to start sleeping right.  theres nothing to do at 4 in the morning.
I need to start something new!! I came to the point that I am bored of myself!!  
i need to start studying, maybe. so tired. i still need to clean up this room. and get food. ARGH. 
I need to start wearing my earplugs 
I need to start wearing my retainers again 
I need to stop being awake at 3 am! 
I need to stop eating fast food at night..I swear I conjured up a demon in the restoom this morning..  FMT=Fuck My Toilet
i need to stop feeling like this when i go to work. 
I need to stop procrastinating and get glasses. I can't see very well. 
I need to stop sleeping so much! 
i need to stop staying up so late 
I need to stop staying up this late 
I need to stop waking up by 11 
i need to stop watching scary stuff on tv before bed. I keep having nightmares  I'm scaaared.
I need to stop watching teleshopping and go to sleep. But I want that mop! 
I need to stop worrying. Nothing I can do until the morning anyway  #gokeyisadouche #gokeyisadouche #gokeyisadouche #gokeyisadouche
i need to study but i'm tempted to fall asleep right now 
I need to study today  boo.
I NEED to study. I have a huge test tmro 
i need to swallow some cocaine to numb my throat 
I need to switch carriers!  I Love my 8900 and T-Mobile. But EDGE isn't cutting it!  Anyone want to give me a Bold or Storm??? Lol
i need to talk to someone. Like now. 
I need to think of a few more tweets to get past the 666th tweet. . . . .    
i need to tune my gtar but my step dad took off the app on his iphone 
I need to turn off the alarms on my phones. I've been awake since 7! Its too warm to go back to sleep 
I need to unpack 
I need to vacuum the house. 
I need to vent before I explode 
I need to wait to get a memory card til I can play the sims 3  Wait, I never mentioned that I don't even have the sims 3 yet!!
I need to wake up earlier so I'm actually tired enough to fall asleep 
I need to wake up early tomorrow!!! But i shallnt 
I need to wash my hairrrr but I don't wanna 
I need to win the lottery so I can stay home with my babies! 
I need to work on this non existant tan of mine 
I need to work out more!! getting fatter. 
i need to work. godsake roll on when mcfly are off this :') ive done work but anytime they come on i die  god im weird
I need to write a story. It's due tomorrow. And I'm stuck with an introduction about a hotel and a young couple checking in. AHHH 
i need to/want to like super party but I hatedoing so in the rain   decisions decisions.......
i need twitter friends  britt is making fun of me.
I need twitter on my phone so I can tweet more often... 
I need Twitter to become 180-200 characters because the bits I get usually are about that long. 
i need u by my side 
i need ur number!!! I have no phone again....  i have so bad luck with phones man
I need vegan chikn noodle, some medicine, and hugs. 
I need you all to help @peterfacinelli get to 500,000 by Friday! Annnnnd should Charlie keep his beard in Eclipse? @billy_burke  I'm torn.
i need you here. 5 years &lt;/3 
i need you to talk 
I need your prayers for my cousin, his condition became worse 
i need....a sign. gimme a sign stupid universe. 
I needa change plans for phone, phone bills are piling up!!! 
I needa go 2 bed, but I can't seem 2 fall asleep.... This is not good!! 
I needa stop comparing myself to u 
I neeeed an idea.  I have serious writer's block. Uggghhh.
i neeeed new clothes :S + i'm tired of being in ma house 
I neeeed to be at No Doubt.  so sad.
I neeeed to cut me nails 
i neeeed to watch factory girl/ i'm not there/ walk the line. = my mood 
i neeeed to watch factory girl/ i'm not there/ walk the line. = my mood  + &quot;they were the true heroes&quot; - Richard Freiboth
i neeeeed a starbucks. its been so long since i have had one 
I neeeeeed a little puppy 
I NEEEEEED NEW CLOTHES AND NEW SHOES AND NEW BAGS AND NEW THINGS! 
I NEEEEEED REST. soccer sucks 
I neeeeeeed bacon so bad right now. But it's still frozen.  
i neeeeeeeeeddd more sleeep, i cant wait until summer so my lazy ass can sleep in 
i neeeeeeeeeed to see mark hayton 
i neeever twittt anymore  laaaying out;*
I nees some food! 
I neglected one of my fish tanks and Lion-Fish looks very sick, I have to do a massive water change so I can try to save him 
I never actually watched the movie...I went into an alcohol-induced sleep...yeah... Now I have a really bad head ache!!  I'll ttyl! P&amp;L!
i never celebrate the fathers day 
I never drink anymore  I'm drinking iced tea
I never fight with my close friends. So far i've duked it out with two of my closest this week. Sad 
I never flipped a table when I lived in New Jersey   #realhousewives #realitytv
I never found the words to say that your the one i think about everyday...........  too late now..
I never get 2 c u as often as I like,I never get 2 hug in my every nite  but in my heart i know u r the one i luv n can't never let u go
i never get enough sleep  about to get ready, eat and public market.
i NEVER get the good ones 
I never get tired of listening to awesome Wicked tracks. &quot;But that doesn't soften the ache we feel, when reality sets back in&quot; 
I never got a volcano burrito last night  FML
I never got how a pizza with pineapple and ham is &quot;hawaiian&quot;, topped with Spam or Kalua pig would be more Hawaiian i think, gross though 
I never got them  cause i sent out 45678
I never had a weave but I'm seriously thinkin bout it. I'm mad I cut ma hair 
I never have trouble sleeping, so why can't I sleep today? Maybe because my throat hurts sooo baddd. 
i never have what i want,that's cruel 
i never hear the timer bell on my oven go off!! 
I never knew a haircut could change a person. I think i found out the hard way. (n) 
I never knew being pregnant would be so scary!! 
I never knew how painful cutting a wisdom tooth could be. My entire mouth hurts and I have a killer headache going on. Not fun! 
I never like the last hour of work here it always goes by so slow. 
I never liked sleeping alone when it rained 
i never post here anymore because i tend to use facebook more  guess i'll have to change that.
i never read much of 'The Host' Mind you 3pages isn't enough to get into a book is it? Hahaa, i fell asleep, and just been woke up 
i never realised how many songs remind me of bad timess. Just when i thought i was happy! 
I never realized how much my Lyte Graphics logo looked like clip art until now  #redesigning
I never said lets end it i never said goodbye.. I just say those sad tears n look at we are.. 
I never seem to have any time anymore. 
I never though I feel this way 
I never thought I'd say this but I miss my class 
I never thought I'd say this but now its like I miss Ronell being up with me at night  I think he feels the same way.
I never thought I'd say this, but I think it's time to run on pavement for awhile...  
I never thought purchasing a new car would feel this bad 
I never thought that i would have seperation issues @ the age of 14... Well at least not w/ a ship 
I never thought the mess would go away while I slept, I just didn't expect it to look even worse when I woke up! 
i never twiter.. sorry 
I never understood the concept of the Harlem Shake. 
I never want a Pet Snake 
i never went to section  A yet in my school !  don't know why though
I never win anything 
I never win the baby shower games.. I hate these things! 
I never would have thought that revising until half 11 would make me so tired &gt;.&lt;  tomorrow is all about revision and sleeeeep.
i new this was going to happpen ...... i'm feeling sick 
I no feel good .. 
I no feel so good... 
I no feel well... 
I no longer have an apartment for the coming year at UW. 
I no longer have plans for this evening. 
I no they say that u shud stay livin with ur parents as long as possible,I truly think I've past my expiry date here 
i no yh  oh well
I no. Its lyk freezing in stl! Iz lyk snowin n shit!  &lt;JNB&gt;
i not know.. all i can offer is my good luck.. sry 
i not seen him since xmas  ere how do u get the talk thing to hav both are names when doin this on a phone? anyways u luv my little baby
I noticed my little WiFi signal scouting app crashes under iPhone OS 3.0.  
I noticed we had a flat after the locksmith got the keys outta the trunk. had 2 cancel our trip up north. 
i now cant find my telephone 
I now despise all capable and organised people. Not really despise, at all, actually, I just fail so miserably at all this stuff 
I now feel incredibly guilty 
I now hate Firefox! It doesn't cache things properly and it doesn't clear it's cache properly either! I had to resort to using Opera FFS! 
i now have 51 stalkers/followers 
I now have 666 followers 
I now have a dead MacBook Pro 
i now have a full recollection of everything that happened last night.. oh god is all i can say 
I now have a house w/ stairs, and just fell down them for the first time. 
I now have a No.2 folding autographic brownie((really old camera)), stil;l can't find my other polariod tho 
I now have sims 3 but not enough memory to play it.... 
I now know more than I ever wanted to know about the extinction of frogs 
I now know that in 4 years everything will be right in the universe...well at least MY universe...the only problem is waiting 1,460 days 
I now know the german word for fiber  http://myloc.me/4qo3
I now know what the birth of David Borrego must have looked like..... I will never be the same again 
I now know why some workplaces require closed-toe shoes. Just dropped a cabinet on my toe. Owwww. 
i now live in the oldest house in Lathrup. We will never forget the mansion 
I now realise there's two of them  whyyy me! http://twitpic.com/886d8
I now realize how afraid I am to heights. tree top makes me cuh-ray-zee! my adrenaline was really pumped up.. not good 
i nwish i did not hurt my leg 
i o telefone naum tocou mais hj ! 
i official have an addiction to spending money on books.  im about to buy 2, &amp; i have about 8 at home that i have yet to read 
i officially feel like shit. im going to take a nap or something. all these tears getting on my keyboard arent makinf it better. 
I officially finished my homework notebook! Onto my lab notebook 
I officially hate camcorders. Stupid thing erased ALL of my video! Three hours of hard work... gone. 
I officially hate florida and rain! uh!!! we're under flash flood warnings here in daytona. beach days were ruined!!! 
I officially hate lismore, illness's and babiess!  they have ruined my Saturday night! &lt;/3
i officially hate network 3 
I officially hate retainers! My mouth hurts so bad! 
i officially hate spanish homework. its so confusingg.! 
I officially have a sandal tan... gross. 
I officially have porcelain legs, incapable of tanning  And yet my shoulders are a lovely shade of lobster...
I officially have the flu. Which means that I can't start at Mullen this week. I'm so disappointed. 
i officially in a fight with clubbin. it made me lose my phone for good 
I officially only have one month left of my twenties.  
I officially suck at sudoku  goodnight
I often just want to not come back from my break. Everyday this place gets worse. 
I once had a reason to live then I realized that my reason was stupid 
I once thought that i hated Minto, now i realize how much i miss it 
i only can go online in school 
I only caught part of The Jayhawks and Gang Gang Dance  I don't like having to choose... Hmm, why can't I be in 2 places at the same time?
i only ever liked kate on masterchef. now shes gone  i miss big brother!!!
I only give u a hard time cuz i cant go on and pretend like i havent tried to forgive/forgive this....but im much to full of resentment 
i only got about 3 new followers today.  oh well, what matters is i at least HAVE new followers today.
I only got that one right now. The other two are packed up. Along with my Mark VI MJOLNIR helmet. 
I only has one cat now 
i only hav 8 followers                 !
i only have 1 follower - boo 
I only have 2 
i only have 30 followers 
i only have 32 followers  devo
I ONLY HAVE 456 FRIENDS ON FACEBOOK  not even close the the one billion that i want (i'm JK)
I only have 5 followers, I want more 
i only have 7 followers! how sad! 
i only have 7 followers! wow thats sad! 
I only have a few follower? Why? 
I only have four more episodes of Lost left.  When does season six start..?!
I only have one contact in and I can't see  I'm not home nor do I have my glasses
I only have one eye today. And it's the bad one!  XX
i only have poor person TV - can't even watch the soccer 
I only have until thursday to spend time with my best friend. I'm going to miss him so much! &amp; I'm going to be in tears 
I only see 1 asian wizard...and she looks lame 
I only signed on for a baby. 
i only speak when i need something?    i'm such a mooch.
i only walked 2 miles today  i was just too tired to do that last mile.. oh well, i'll just have to catch up tomorrow..
I only wanted one thing today and I prolly won't get it 
i only wanted someone that cared 
I open my eyes in shock... Thinking that today is a work day.... I think im too stress with work 
i opened the blackberry  @kaseyRSM it tastes like shampoo! but it's kinda yum at the same time!
i opened up sour patch kids and everything in there was yellow and orange  BOO!!!!!!
i ordered my cd a week ago and it's still not here!!!! 
i ordered some Amway products online and they were sent to another location because i did not check the address 
I overdid it today. You can't injure a foot or leg in NYC. Looks like I should stay house ridden for the next 2 or 3 days 
I overheard them talking about me having another shot today.  I hate needles.
i overmicrowaved my pita break  it is oddly chewy
I overslept   So I called in sick an hour after my shift was supposed to start... crap crap crap. Does that mean I'm getting a reprimand?
I overslept about 75% of the day  and I'm still tired. must be the antibiotics. I hope tomorrow will be much better. but I'm pessimistic.
i paid for last night reallll bad today  i swear i have nothing to throw up anymore.... ew :|
I painfully miss @sirgrant618  My string of crazy life events begins tomorrow.
I passed my 2,000th tweet 12 tweets ago  #failcelebration
I passed my rotation!  Going to observe in the psych ER before I leave Wishard 
I passionately hate those stupid CGU insurance ads with the old people rapping 
I peed in a hobos house last night.. 
I pick my nose too much.. 
I picked the wrong day to forget my wallet. No starbucks 
i picked up an injury last nite at training 
I pissed money away. I was doing so good too.  I bought too much stuff for me. Ugh. Ok.. next paycheck I'm gonna do better
I plan to shop til i drop tmRw, but i need a shopping buddy 
I planned on sending out my marketing email today, but it looks like DreamHost is having some issues...my blog is super slow 
I planned to do a 30 minute nap but I ended up sleeping for an hour. Hm. Less homework time. 
i planned to have so much fun with him 
I planned to sleep before 11pm but it's 5minutes to 12 already. Guess I'll definitely fall asleep in sch tmr... 
I played fair. 
I plucked more gray hairs last night than I have ever plucked in my life  . At least my eyebrows look good now too :p
I popcorn= tasty= diariha the next day 
I poured too much juice and I can't drink it all 
i practically broke both thumbs at my cousins party 
i pratice hoedown throwdown for a show but i can do the dance 
I pray for those that cant handle themselves. 
I pray to god I feel better for work tomorrow.. I've never been out 2 days in a row. 
I pray to god. that nicolee and amy wont get infected 
I predict it now, a MGS PSP  #E3
I predict, today will not be a good day. 
I preferred MySQL's SQL to Oracle's SQL. Will it die soon? 
i preordered it from gamestop      knowing them, they will be out of the free t-shirt and out of the game    
I prepare presentation about tuberculosis 
I pressed the snooze button at least 5 times before actually waking up...Time to go to work. 
I pretty much got rid of the pictures on my website to hopefully help lower the cost of bandwidth.  We'll see if that works 
I pretty much had the worst dream ever last night 
I probably should have taken my book bag out of my car before I let my sister use it, since she's still not home and I need my book bag 
I probably shouldn't be eating handfuls of Puffins this late at night. 
I probably won't have anything to eat 
i probly have malaria now from all the misquito bites 
I promise I will clean my room more often 
I promised myself i would study tonight, so when i got asked if i wanted guest list for Peace Dot Love, i had to deny 
I promised myself I'd stop listening to Nothing Personal leaks. Why did I have to break that promise? 
i proper need to watch melinda &amp; melinda ... iv had the dvd for like 4 years and now it dnt work plus now i cnt watch it on the internet 
I prounouce today to be #failfriday ! arrrrgh,  I can't get things done, software crashing, tired, sleepless, overloaded &lt;/whining&gt;
i puked  laying down
i pulled muscles on both of my thighs and i am so sore!!! i hope i'll feel better for my match tomorrow 
i pulled my muscles   they're killing me..haha
I punched someone in the face lastnite multiple times and hurt my hand 
i put a photo i took of star trek 4 off the tv on my flickr today &amp; it somehow ended up on a nerd site &amp; i got sooo many hits from there 
i put a safty pin through my finger 
I put an ad on craigslist for a janitorial position and a lot of people with college degrees applied... sad 
I put my finger as far up my butt as I could to feel my poop and made myself puke and cry 
I put my hair in my tea 
I put on this gorge musky perfume now i have a headache!  does this ever happen to you?!
I put water on my boxers AS A JOKE to make it look like i had wet myself. No one else was around to enjoy the joke. Now i'm cold 
i put way too much sugar and lemonade in the glass.. forgot it was small  i think i'm gonna have diabetes after this
I put way too much trust in people for my own good.. 
I PWND flippy cup last night. Got PWND at beer pong though 
I quess she is beautiful ; that girl he talks about 
i quit job to come out of routine. now i find lack of routine is impacting my productivity. 
I quite like dubstep, but doesn't it all just go wawawawawAH wawawawawAH wibbidy wibbidy wah? Will soon tire of it methinks 
I raced her once. I totally lost  RIP  http://tinyurl.com/lhgca8
I rally thought my blog posts were good  - stats and comment ratio say &quot;youre pretty shite mate!&quot;   Oh well....
I ran 5km today, very proud of myself I must say.. Have a sore ankle now though 
I ran about a mile and a half! I feel great! but yet, totally out of shape. 
I ran out of book today using @shortcovers on ipod touch -- apparently does not download the whole book and I wasn't near wifi 
i ran out of champagne......  i wonder if i call my brother i could convince him to bring me up a bottle....
i ran out of friggen tissues  crying sucks!!!!!!! :p
I ran outa True Blood to watch with only 2 eppisodes left 
I ran over a dove. I feel horrible 
i ran over a kitten this morning, and didn't know.. worst day ever, about to start cryinggg 
I ran over a squirrel today  and apparently someone named Oliver in Cali misses me and loves me...no idea who Oliver is!
I ran over a turtle in the driveway. I crushed him 
I rarely read the Hartlepool Mail. First headline I see is &quot;Toilet seat stuck on head&quot;. Faith restored in Hartlepool's population 
I rather think what i just did could be construed as drink driving.  No driving now for a least 5 hours.
i reaaaaaallllyyyy wish i was country then i could be bestfriends with @taylorswift13 and go to the CMAs and stuff 
i reaaaaaally wanna go to the beach 
I reaaaaally hate being by myself when it storms like this... 
i reaaalllyyy dont want to work again. 
i reaaally want to go see UP 
i reaalllyyy need to call @jess_0000 but i doubt she'll be awake at 2:35am 
i reaally miss my friends in germany  god bless them all!
I reached school! 8.30! Earliest out of the four of them. I feel so tired. I feel like sleeping!!  OMG grace and liying not coming. Lena!!
I reached the tweetie rate limit and it locked me out. Make my night worse, why don't you. 
I read a book about how to improve my memory but I forgot what it said.  
I read about that, @puff8843! That poor lady 
i read about tokina's major flare and CA issues. i assume the 200 euros extra for the canon 10-22 is worth it... 
I read my diary two nights ago and I miss those days... I wish I was in Peru 
I read one, then got bored. It's just not what it used to be 
I read somewhere that Google dropped the &quot;sender&quot; header in emails - They haven't  Outlook still shows From x on behalf of y #fail
I read the boy in the striped pyjamas..... it was soooooo sad 
I reakly hurt my toe 
I realise people are not tagging anymore. 
I realised that many people are not interested in doing business on Twitter - they just want to be heard online  Nothing more
I realized I'm a loser with no friends but my Tigger  how did I wind up so alone?
I realized something. kelly clarkson's music has really gone down the fucking drain these days. and I love her so much! 
I realized that I was cooking something... now its charred   Charred food anyone?
I realized that it's so hard being a masochist... haist.. I really can't understand him. 
I realized today that intelectual property and copyright are jokes in Romania   Let that be a lesson for me... www.aieseciasiro/newsletter
I realized today that intelectual property and copyright are jokes in Romania  Let that be a lesson for me.. www.aieseciasi.ro/newsletter
I realized why I hate middle-schoolers. Grow up, you little pieces of &amp;*@$.  I'm pretty mad if you can't tell, Whatever. Audition-2 Days!
i realized why im so lucky with bands...god is trying to make me feel happy before summer so i wont be bummed when i dont meet @greggarbo 
I realized yesterday that i do the same thing as Roula's fiance (from 104.1 morning show) but he just got laid off. 
I realllllly shld stop for gas, but I'm soooooooooo not in the mood. 
i realllly wanna see rent 
I reallly really REALLLLY miss @LibGlay   I need to see her NOW
i reallly want some warm weather so i can go swimming 
i realllyyy dont want to be working. i still have to study for math and i'm going to be here all night 
i REALLY  want to meet my idol - Miley Cyrus  
i really am cursed.. 
I really am missing my husband. Military doesnt care how long they keep my husband away as long as they have them 
I really am sad about everyone that is leaving.. im gonna miss them all 
i really am sorry. 
i really am upset about the bracelet btw  i really loved it. r.i.p beautiful green bracelet.
I really appreciate that my headache stayed away while i was studying but WOAH that came on fast. 
I really can't  change my pic. Its unfair.. 
i really cant be arsed with going anywhere today but i have too  urghhh procrastination is a bitch !
i really can't be done with work today. i just wanna crawl back into bed 
i really can't believe I'm still up :\ I need to get back on my normal sleep schedule!! Been laying here trying to close my eyes but nada 
I really can't decide if I want to get a video camera or not 
i really can't imagine 
i really cant sleep 
I really cant sleep, its sooo early! 
i really cant stand NOSY ITCHES!!! damn get out my BI, FOR I show u how to get out..hate being rude this early. 
I really can't understand people sometimes... i'm gonna close my self forever... i can't live in society, they seem to hate me... 
i really cba to do any revision :| i should cuz my exam is on tuesday but i cant bring myself to do any 
i really cldve slept for much longer... flippin newborns 
i really didn't want to eat earlier at dinner but i have to coz if i'll not eat, mama will eat alone.. and i don't want that to happen 
I really didn't want to leave my warm bed this morning 
I really dislike brunch... and i am gutted that we have to have it 3 days in a row 
I really dislike geting up early on Mondays 
i really dislike my curly hair 
i really dislike science... actually just really dislike studying here 
i really dislike you, you're mean 
i really dnt like 2nite 
I really do hate my art class  My teacher never helps me, I wish I was a natural drawer
I really do hope the NKOTB show will go on tonight! I know how dissapointed the guys/fans would be 
i really do need a phone i feel liek i missed out on a fun weekend 
I really do not like coming home to an empty, dark house. It's so lonely. 
I really do not want to go to school 
I really DO NOT want to go to work. I hope this day goes by really fast 
I really do not want to Tweet anymore. 
I really do wish i could disapear so people could &quot;wonder&quot; 
I really don't feel as tired as I look. Cause I look bad!! Sleep has not been my friend this week 
I really don't feel good! 
I really dont feel good.... Again  so i guess i will have to call my doctor who still thinks my name is kristine
I really don't feel like going out shopping today given I have cold pizza to eat, but I have to as I need to find an ATM 
i really don't feel like runnin  ugh
I really don't feel like working today, it'll be a total bummer!  Oh well
I really dont feel like working tonight.  lame.
I really dont feel so good right now... 
I really don't know what to do... I tired, I need to take some rest, but it's impossible. Busy week 
I really don't like school anymore!  can't wait till this shit is over! Hope I Graduate! Lol
I really don't like the fact that Leah will be gone for six weeks    don't you agree covie friends? :'(
I really don't like the new My Xbox,. Too much Avatar 
i really dont like twitter 
I really don't like waking up with a headache. I need diet coke! Its not sunny today     p.s. I miss you.
I really don't remember dropping my laptop  huge crack in it
i really dont think i can face sitting in the garden, im already burned  or burnt? hmm idk but its sore.
i really don't think i can stay awake any longer 
I really don't think I will be going out to @tmoms tonight. I am feeling crappy and I'm still broke. 
I really don't think I'm going to be able to wait until august 23 to see my babys. I haven't seen them since april 
I really don't think no cream today was a good idea 
I really don't wanna do my hmwk 
I really don't wanna get up... but I have to 
I really don't wanna go homee!  best trip everrr&lt;33
i really dont wanna go take that damn final tomorrow 
I really don't wanna go to that stupid training but i have no choice  and i hate it
I really don't wanna leave Paige...anyone but Paige.  #thisfuckingsucks
I really don't want a limo service to take me to the airport  I want him to. Ok soft moment... Don't get use to these!
I really don't WANT go to the gym today. ITS MY LAZY DAY! 
I really don't want it to be hot tomorrow and Tuesday. I have exams in the morning... 
I really don't want monday to come... That means mge 
I really don't want the third-graders to take the upper-secondary final examination next week 
I really don't want the weekend to be over 
i really dont want to be at work today... i just wanna go back to bed 
I really dont want to be at work.  I want to be doing something productive.
I really don't want to cuddle. 
I really don't want to do anything today. I wish my boyfriend was here so we could chill and watch movies 
I really don't want to do the home ec exam tomorrow  i am the opposite of ready and have left out an awful lot of chapters :'(
i really don't want to do this english project. 
I really don't want to get outta bed  the sun isn't up so why should I be????????
I really don't want to give up the fun that was this weekend 
I really don't want to go back to Chicago. I liked not hearing about bad politicians or Oprah, I hate Oprah.  Only 4 days left in the UK 
I really don't want to go back to NY 
I really don't want to go back to school tomorrow 
i really dont want to go in to. im gunna have to spend all day in the library 
I really don't want to go sit in the sun for 4 hours...my shoulders can't take it 
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow, but I guess I have to 
I really don't want to go to work this morning! 
I really don't want to go to work tomorrow 
I really don't want to go to work! It's bad enough having to work til 11pm last night but having to be in at 11am today is just too much 
I really don't want to go...its so late.    I will save it for tomorrow...
I really don't want to grow up. 
I really don't want to have to get a cone for my cat 
I really don't want to leave home and go back to Cleveland. 
I really don't want to log onto work tonight but have promised things to people and need to make sure they have what they need. 
I really don't want to puke. 
I really don't want to revise english today 
i really don't want to say that. when i said forever i only meant &quot;for a while&quot;  hope you can read this..
I really don't want to take the bio midterm tomorrow 
I really don't want to wake up before 12 tomorrow 
I really don't want to work at outback tonight  Who wants to work for me! I will love you forever!!!!!
I REALLY ENJOYED JONAS YESTERDAY NEXT EPISODE IS A WEEK AWAY 
I really excited, make good start and finish FP2 ahead of @fakejenson , @fakeflav so happy he almost smile, 'Nando still make me look bad 
I really fancy a frappuccino from Starbucks right now 
I really fancy a sausage sandwich.... but it just wants to be friends 
I really feel lame on this thing because I feel like I am talking to nobody.  sad. Ha
I really feel like an invisible child right now......... 
i really feel like dying 
i really feel like eating some Doritos but we don't have any 
I really feel like having a cosy and casual dinner and drinks gathering. But my flat is just too small  Delicious mag is teasing me!
I really feel like I want to go back to Slough feeling home sick .... Where is my home btw? Meh I just want my room and my stuff 
I really feel like I'm getting sick. I don't care, just plz not swine. 
I really feel like painting... but I have no supplies 
I really feel like scrapbooking but my supplies are in boxes and I have no pictures 
i really feel like watching harry potter 1 and 2 but i don't have the dvds  someone drive me to video ezy!
i really feel sick... blah 
i really feel so fucking low atm. im gunna go to bed, i just want to hide away from tommorrow. 
i really feel that 
I really f'in hate summer hoildays... I'd so much rather be in school... ROLL ON HOLLAND.... can't wait to get outta here for the week... 
i really fucking hate you right now ugh! i need like 800 cigginz at the moment but im stuck at my aunts house 
I really go to bed now. Its 2am and IÂ´m still not tired... Hope I will get some sleep. 
I really got depression, wow, i can't believe! Why? 
I really gotta pay more attention to these @KOEIcorp Twitter giveaways.  I want! I want!
I really gotta study today!! I also have to write that paper and make the powerpoint  busy day
I really hate being sick.  lt sucks so much. All l want to do is see my baby and lay with him and cuddle. l miss him. 
i really hate big ass puddles that you can not tell the depth of... the mess up cars 
I really hate Biology ! 
i really hate chili oh my mouth  hot!
I really hate CSS, it's just not very good 
i really hate diets 
I really hate eat too much 
i really hate food 
I really hate her.  
i really hate hiking  i really do .... it's sooo boring ...... i think i'll stay the hole weekend in the hotel ;)
i really hate how people diss my bands!  Trace is clearly NOT ugly!
i really hate how yr all meeting up at the mc-tour  boo to not going.
I really hate it when Flash does things for no apparent reason 
i really hate it when i break a nail  now my whole days gonna suck! x_o
I really hate it when I sneeze on myself. 
I really hate Monday's 
I really hate Mondays  .
I really hate Mondays! 
I REALLY HATE my job. 
i really hate myself today.. huhu 
I really hate Niley right now. I kinda wish that Miley and Nick would stop being around each other. I hate them as a couple 
I really hate not having money 
I really hate strep throat  a lottttt ....  in bed foreverrr
I really hate that I reach my api limit on tweetdeck in like 30 min..  gotta get these settings together
I really hate the Da Vinci Code...
I really hate the effect that dreams can have on you. Ruined my whole day  Now i'm thinking about shit I don't want to &amp; though i was past
I really hate the fact ive left all my work till now 
I really hate the fact that everyone is going on holiday this year 
I really hate ticketmaster 
I really hate waking up at 5 when it's a late start day 
I really hate wearing makeup sometimes! Everyone I work with has perfect skin 
I really hate when plans dont work.  i  wanna have a movie night! 
I really hate when salespeople call us. They are so pushy and I never know how to handle them. 
i really hate work - this sucks! i'm really really bored! 
I really hate working on bad code! It's even worse when its your own 
I really hated my cat today  poptwiz: do I keep a potentially dangerous and aggressive cat? But he is so awesome! Most of the time. Blah.
I really have a really bad day!!! 
i really have no idea whats going on right now 
I really have to check out whats wrong with this laptop's ram, juggling two cs3 applications killing the poor baby 
I really have to in do laundry, but i have to go buy detergent, and i am being lazy... 
I really have to start studying now  i liked playing games
I really have to stop going out to eat for dinner - too much rich food, not enough healthy veggies 
I really have trouble writing stuff when there's no audience for it. I'm sure that says something. Something about me 
i really havent taken any photos recently  i really should!
I really hope all the people who were on that Air France jet are ok 
I really hope 'away we go' is playing around here or else I'll have to wait until it comes out on dvd  http://short.to/gspl
I really hope I didn't just bomb that test. 
I really hope I don't have nightmares about Pinhead and those other things from Hellraiser again. 
i really hope i will survive this hungover...never felt more sick in my life... hope my heart is not going to stop...NO MORE!!! EVER!! 
I really hope I'm feeling more like myself soon. This waking up &amp; still being exhausted totally stinks 
i REALLY hope it doesnt rain. if it does, i have other plans, but it will be soooooooo much fun if it doesnt!!!  ttyl... gotta go! ily!
I really hope it stops raining 
I really hope its not real. 
I really hope Jimmy isn't evil   #harpersisland
I really hope my debit card is in my room 
i really hope my teese gets here by saturday 
I REALLY hope that Chocolate Bears phone isn't broken cus I REALLY need to talk to him and see him...bah 
I really hope that sleep is my friend tonight...it hasn't been the past two nights 
I really hope that the rumors are false.. if not that means that 3 factories will get shut down at the same time... 
I really hope these pain killers kick in soon 
I really hope they find the black box for Air France 
I really hope things start getting better 
I really just spelled Jordan Staal as &quot;Stall.&quot; gahhh im so tired, please dont take my knowledgeable hockey fan card away 
I really just want my camera back.  This isn't fair at all. I have bad luck, never trust anyone but yourself.
I really just want to stay in bed and cuddle up with my pillows... It's too gloomy for a 4 mile run this morning!!! 
i really like Chrisette Michele as an artist but her tweets are making me not like her anymore.. 
I really like her, but i believe she really hates me! 
I really like Lady GaGa's &quot;Paparazzi&quot;...  #whatshappening
I really like the speed of #GoogleChrome 2.0, but can't go very long without my #Firefox extensions 
i really liked the @threadless twitter shirt approach - but now it appears to be mostly lame stuff getting nominated  bumme
I really liked today's service. I'm brokenhearted at the thought of Pastor Ken leaving! 
I really love all kinds of dance though I really want to do more ballroom &amp; latin styles it's so fun but time is of the essence 
I really love jon &amp; kate plus 8 and i really don't want it to end b/c of the possible divorce. 
I really love Mint for stat tracking, but man, it really slows down page load times.  I might have to dump it 
I really love to sleep.  I love my bed.  
I really miss 2006.  @redjumpsuit needs to come back here, asap. 
I really miss a certain someone 
i really miss all my partners 
i really miss ben &amp; andrea  that trip out to seattle can't come soon enough.
i really miss her 
I really miss her  it's been like three weeks since I saw her
i really miss her! like alot, nut she will never know 
I really miss home today 
I REALLY miss joes straight hair 
I really miss Josh   Some fancy buying me something to cheer me up?
i really miss living in the states 
I really miss Mark 
i really miss my ammachi today 
i really miss my ammaci today 
i really miss my baby  does this distance thing ever get easier?
I really miss my boyfriend @losoway22 
I really miss my Chicago accent  ....lol
I really miss my clas now. I wanna go back to school 
I really miss my class now. I wanna go back to school 
I really miss my friends! 
I really miss my girls... And my bros. 
i really miss my holiday.. 
I really miss my mommy and wish I could be with my family on mother's day 
I really miss my other half 
I really miss my perfect little orange wallet. Still have yet to find a suitable replacement  It was so small and handy... sigh...
i REALLY miss my photofiltre and photoscape  GIMP is too damn confusing
i really miss my satan kitty 
i really miss my soulmate 
I really miss open arms.  Well time to watch some T.V. and sleep. Going to look at houses tomorrow maybe.
I really miss our dog...  I need to get a dog soon, but Otis is by far the best. http://www.twitpic.com/4oqwa
i really miss rane  
i really miss screaming my fucking lungs out to The Ataris 
I really miss sweet, smart, pretty lil Marissa 
I really miss The Jonas Brothers &amp; Demi Lovato 
I really miss the man of my heart... maybe I should banish him from my thoughts... 
I really miss the N's tv show Instant Star  the girl who played Jude had a really pretty voice. She looked like Skye sweetnam, too.
I really miss Vielha 
I really miss working at Grub's.... the money spoiled me 
I really miss you 
I really miss you ,Ashley  I can't believe I won't see you until Friday.
i really miss you @STYLEnista i wish you were down here 
I really must remind myself to ensure I always have aspirin in my bad, I have a splitting headache 
I really nee a new normal time job. This night shift thing is killing me. Jus crawled out of bed about 15minutes ago 
i really need 2 take my ass 2 sleep but i cant 
I really need a camera with a serious macro mode to focus on the seat in front of me 
I really need a car 
I really need a hug 
I really need a job. I also miss my boy. 
I really need a massage. I miss Matthew. 
I really need a neck massage 
I really need a new PC - this one is feeling rediculously slow  even scrolling webpages is making it stutter   Or maybe xubuntu time..
I REALLY NEED A PIANO!!! 
i really need a skateboard  ........
I really need a usb chord. 
i really need another half on bebo 
I really need for life to be as mindblowing as is what's actually in my mind. But I don't control this universe and it is what it is. 
I really need more sleep at night...  I am falling asleep at my desk   BOO HOO
i really need my boyfriend!  eric, love ya baby
I really need my computer back, my bedroom is just empty without it! 
I really need my phone backk.  I miss @kelseyyyyyyy
I really need Snow Leopard cause my Safari isn't working properly anymore 
I really need some advice, can anyone help? 
I really need this headache to go away. I'm afraid to get in the shower because the water is going to hurt when it hits my head. 
i really need to be hardworking starting tmr. 
I really need to be sleep, my body is still stuck on eastern standard time zone 
i really need to be studying and doing homework, but right now all i want to do is watch trashy reality tv 
I really need to buy a zune dock station.  i can't sleep, nor can i wait for this weekend.
I really need to clean my apartment but I'm still feeling sick 
I really need to clean my showerhead. 
i really need to do my cardio today ... but just not motivated to do so...ugh all the rain and feeling down ..not a good combo 
I really need to fall asleep so I can catch my flight in the morning.  However, I am very afraid for what may happen once I get 'home.'  
I really need to find my older Underoath CD, no clue where it's disappeared to... 
I really need to fly to Houston, he doesn't want to pay....huge debate here we come. 
I really need to get my ass in gear and get some chores and shopping done. Missing London too much though 
I really need to get out of Flatbush...  I'm tired of these ugly ppl!!
I really need to go back to therapy, me thinks.  I just felt so much better about myself when I used to go. 
I really need to go do laundry...but it's hot outside.  And I need quarters.
I really need to go to the gym 
I really need to go to the hospital. I think smoking has finally taken it's effect on me. 
I really need to go to the store! I have been really lazy this week, but I am soooo tired. 
I really need to keep a dream journal because I forget them so fast 
I really need to learn to get more sleep! I'm gonna be a zombie all day 
I really need to lose weight and/or get in shape soon 
I really need to make some time for games besides Active!!  This weekend I am going to make a point to play some bioshock!
I really need to quit going to bed at 4 a.m.  It's not healthy.  
I really need to read another chapter... But there are none 
i really need to revamp my music. doesnt help that my itunes and ipod are broken.  im going to make a list of music... suggestions?
I really need to revise, dont have enough time for everything argh! 
I really need to see Up and Star Trek  so behind on my pop culture
I Really Need To Sleep .. But I'm Not Tired.. I Hate That When You Really Need To Sleep But You Can't 
I really need to sort out a bird table and some feeders - the robins and blue tits are being bullied 
i really need to start going to sleep earlier 
i really need to start sleeping in my bed. back ache. #neda 
I really need to stop sneezing out my mouth- my throat is on fire 
I really need to talk to you @irisvarsi, cause I think I really have a serious JB fever...  
I really need to talk to you, but how? 
I really need to update this more. 
I really need to work on my summer homework....it's due friday and i've i done is get some info...i don't even think that its enough..... 
i really need your advice leeee 
I really never learn... 
I really ought to be heading to the @qype_co_uk Summer party, but bugs are keeping me in the office late. Any my back still hurts 
I really ought to get up, but I'm havin trouble doing so! I'm so tired  hope everyone else is ok today xx
I really really don't wanna go to work today. I'd much rather go play paintball with my boyfriend 
I really really hope im not falling for him 
I really really miss my bf 
i really really miss my MLTM cd 
I really really need to get away from all this sort of shit 
I really really REALLY could go a spin on my turntables right now, but nooooooooo, they are still getting repairs 
I really really really do feel fed up 
I really really really just wanna sit at home today and watch tv.... 
i really really really miss @emoarty I havnt seen him for over 8 months now! 
i really really really miss isaac   &lt;/3
I really really really need a job. I don't want to leave London, and move back to Denmark already 
I really really really really don't want to take the SAT tomorrow  Community College all the way! Oh god..listen to me. Fml.
i really really really really miss the o.c 
I really really really REALLY need someone to go to Adventure Landing with me!!!! 
i really really really really really really don't know what to do 
I really really really really really REALLY miss England  
I really really really really really really want Sims 3. Sadly there is the small matter of A Level revision thats getting in the way. 
i really really really want a cavalier king charles spaniel and there was a free one posted in the classified... already taken 
i really really really want this shirt   http://bit.ly/ULV0e
i really really really want to see the hangover and pelham!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but no one to go with  ugh
I really really wanna go swimming right now 
I REALLY REALLY WANT MY FLANNEL!!!!!! 
I really really want to go to sleep but my brain doesn't feel the same. 
I really really wanted to see George 
I really really wish I had $550 dollars to spend on a Palm Pre. 
i really really wish i was @ hayden's right now 
I really really with that Tini had twitter so we could chat all hours of the day. I miss that dog.  
i really regret for what i just did yesterday. i cried. i still want you to loving me and i still love to try loving you 
i really regret of what i've done, i wish i could turn back time. i still love to try loving you. i still want you to love me. 
I really regret taking that nap earlier! Now I can't sleep!  I'm going to be exhausted tomorrow!!!
I really sad.  The Gucci Spring/Summer sale starts today and I am broke.      www.gucci.com
I really screwed up a good thing  wish I knew how to fix it
i really should be doing english or media. even though i really dont want to. hmmmmp 
I really should be in bed.  I feel very sad.
I really should be revising, can't find motivation anywhere 
I really should be sleep...Ugh! 
I really should be sleeping already but just can't seem to get to bed before the sun comes up. Progress on sorting out life is slow+hard. 
I really should be voting, I feel ashamed now  He will now be here before 1? People have died for less...
I really should go into uni and pick up my speakers. That and I'm sure I left Daves tasty apples on scotts desk 
I really should not read fandomsecrets on lj makes me sad.  
I really should start packing, I'll be moving next weekend. 
I really should start ridin the X2 to work in the mornings to wrk... Itd be much cheaper... But I just don't do crazy bus ppl too well 
I really should write a blog post about this &quot;Jon &amp; Kate + 8&quot; drama, but I just don't know what to say. All I feel is sad 
i really shouldnt wear 3/4 lenghts when my legs are so sunburnded, pealin and ugly  i hate sun burn grrr &gt;
I really shouldve done ALL my warm ups yesterday before work. My arm is killing me!!  excited for Sunday tho!!
I really sorry for the passengers who are desapeared close to brasilian coast. Hope there are survivers! 
I really suck at baseball/softball 
I really think I'm sick rather than just having allergies 
i really think i've done something to my knee, the pain hasn't gona away! 
I REALLY think there is play-doh in my tastykake brownie 
I really thought bout callin in sick today... Already miss my bed 
I really thought we were gonna win,  let's gooooo #sfgiants! Oh well I'm going to playboy mansion Saturday.
I really very much enjoy my job. yet still dreading facing the poles  embarrassment CENTRAL
I really wana do art.he said I should do what I love.but I don't know how successful ill be if I major in that.  I'm so confused
i really wana go back to korea i hate nz fuck 
I really wanna drop a tears when the game's over, everyone give their hug and show their respect to Paolo, its just hard seeing you leave 
I really wanna get rock band 2 now but I can't for a long time. Exams, then road trip, then I might get it. Will not be happy if I don't  
I really wanna go out but dp is insisting that I finish off this life stuff that keeps getting in the way  Three cheers to......Boredom!!
I really wanna go see a movie, but I hafta work 
I really wanna go see transformers tonight  but I promised the boy I'd see it with him when I go visit.
I really wanna go to britney again 
I really wanna go to Eugenia's house and having a bbq and sleep over party w/ my beloved friends!!! but unfortunately I can't!! 
i really wanna go to the sway sway tour 
I really wanna have a baby! 
I really wanna play mario 64 but I have no controllers  http://tinyurl.com/mj5tvx
I really wanna play Steps today cos it's like sooo sunny but Stewie my producer won't let me. He's such a spoilsport 
i really wanna see @taylorswift13 in chicago on october ninth or tenth. too bad my mom ruins everything.  i need to some major bribing.
i really wanna see there for tomorrow but the closest they are getting to NEW ZEALAND  is JAPAN! 
i really wanna snuggle with a big dog right now. 
I REALLY wanna stay in bed 
i really wanna track my organ, but the ups people in california don't start doing their thing for another 2 hours.  Oh timezones.
i really wannna go to my kitchen to get a drink of water but im scared of the dark 
i really want @katyperry 's cardigan with the music notes on it 
i really want @thesims3  my computers still too small and i don't think i'll be getting a laptop at least before we go on holiday :'(
i really want a bf im so bored of being alone... its not as fun all by yourself... 
I really want a biker jacket.  A black one in particular.
I really want a black hoodie. 
i really want a blackberry. but i guess i have to wait till november since SPRINT SUCKS 
I really want a garmin device but can't afford to buy one 
I really want a iPhone or iTouch 
I really want a kitten 
I really want a pair of BRIGHT pink  PLATFORM stilettoes  but i'd settle for green xD TWEETTT MEE. IM well BORED LOL
I really want a pair of Nike+ trainers with the iPhone addon  any body want support my weight loss and buy them for me?
I REALLY want a pair of these earrings, but worried that they'll just be another thing for my toddler to pull. http://tinyurl.com/pvuy5s 
I really want an iphone, but I can't afford it right now 
I really want cereal, but my mom said im not allowed to have milk when im sick. 
I really want come to Dallas rightnow 
I really want Craig Levien at hibs  (for those who dont know, hibs manager quit hibs) Off to sleep xx http://twitpic.com/6ferj
I really want french fries. But no one has french fries at a quarter to nine 
I really want hashbrowns but I suck at making them.  Colin still isn't awake yet so I will sit and starve. 
I REALLY want ice cream right now. But nowhere is open 
I really want my booboo home now.. great.. another sleepless night 
i REALLY want my ears to be pierced. i know my parents never ever let this at least i graduate from high school 
I really want my mac certification so I can take mac jobs again. I've been using macs since I was 7 dammit. Blah. 
I really want my results now, second years may have to wait, PAH 
i really want sims 3! cant believe i fogot to buy it - bet its sold out now 
I really want 'Sims 3', bad. 
i really want some cuddles 
i really want some harold's....but i cant 
i really want some Ray Ban sunglasses  but i cant find them anywhere &amp; i dont have any money to get any &gt;
I really want some red wine 
i really want some starbucks right now  needing to find something to do tonight..
i really want something to do. i am so boredddddd. 
i really want taco bell 
I really want tea from the hookah bar on Belmont.  poop. Song of the moment- Ingrid Michaelon-take me the way I am. Classic.
I really want that oxford shoes in nine west, too bad I they don't have my size.....  I blame my feet.......
I REALLY want the battery powered lawnmower on Woot today. But Dave refuses to get a non-gas mower.  FTL.
I really want the lyrics to the mother's day song from PB&amp;J Otter...can't find them anywhere 
I really want the new Teen Vogue mag, why haven't I gotten it yet?? 
i really want the sims 3  my computer doesn't accept disks though. raaa 
I really want the theme of Skins for ringtones 
I really want to apply for a au pair job, but I'm so fucking scared of change, that I keep overthinking everything. 
I really want to bake cookies. But I dun wanna go to the store. Maybe I'll just BUY cookies. Shit, then nobody's happy. Dammit. 
I really want to be a model !         But be sur; it never gonna happen  http://twitpic.com/7wbu9
I really want to be free!! aaaah I'm bored now   
I really want to be in the race! It's so cool and much more giving than skydiving! But I know I'll never be capable of it 
i really want to become a piercer but i'm having trouble finding a shop that wants to apprentice me in the bay area  help!!!
I REALLY want to buy ALL of Rocky Votolato's CDs on iTunes but I'm trying to cut back on my music purchases. This is physically hurting. 
I really want to dance...... this is not a good thing right now...... 
I really want to get something done. I've always wanted to start a youtube channel Vlog type thingy but @caseyleblanc won't do it with me 
I really want to Go  !!!
I really want to go and buy SIMS3!!! but i have no money 
I really want to go back wit them now...this sucks 
I really want to go home   Just a little more work on this commercial audio bid, then home! I hear there is a new puppy at home - fun!
I really want to go home and to bed. 
I really want to go out tonight 
I really want to go see &quot;UP&quot; very soon, but somehow something keeps happening that prevents me from doing so! 
I really want to go see The Hangover, but I don't have anyone to go with 
i really want to go see transformers but i have a swim meet tonight and i cant even go to sundown either  oh well please follow me!
I really want to go see walking with dinosaurs live! Anyone?! Also cant believe how badly its raining here, its June! 
I really want to go swimming but its all cloudy out 
i really want to go swimminggg 
i really want to go there... it's the first time i found Cassiopeia Indo gathering 
I really want to go to Alesana tomorrow,, any volunteers? 
I really want to go to Americaa ... London sucks right now  too much raiin ... i need SUN !!
i really want to go to an in and out burger. i have never been to one. 
I really want to go to Brisbane this month 
i really want to go to ikestock because all of my friends are... but i think ive left it too late at appley to go 
I really want to go to jazzercise again  Stupid knee
I really want to go to prom 
i really want to go to the beach...... stupid physics! ruining my life  and my [potential] tan!
i really want to go to the concert and watch zulle play 
I really want to go to the drive-in to see Star Trek, but A) it's rainy and B) I have no one to go with.  *pouts*
I really want to go to the lookout by the rivervalley but thats just a terrible plan for right now... 
I really want to go to the movies but I'm too cheap to spend $10 on a two hour movie 
I really want to go to west virginia now!! I miss my fam 
I REALLY want to grow dahlias in front of my apartment, but I don't think I could take care of them   #squarespace
I really want to learn how to play polo. 
i really want to listen to some taylor swift i cant find the CD &amp; i dont feel like playing it on the computer it sounds better on the cd 
I really want to lose weight so much!!!!!  Go Hyeyoung! 15kg!
i really want to make brownies, but i dont have enough oil 
i really want to pack up my house, and is nervous about my exam results 
i really want to play singstar! but all my singstar discs are scratched 
I really want to play some different classes in TF2, but I'm afraid that I will suck and people will laugh at me 
I really want to play sven bomwollen! But it seems the internet hates me and I cannot for the life of me download it! Angry kitty 
I really want to play Wii 
I really want to see &quot;Moon&quot;, but I can't find it playing in any theater. 
i really want to see cash cash again 
i really want to see miley cyrus here in brazil, realy, i luv her so much, and, she has never been herem thats so unfair 
I really want to see my section. NOW. Lol. I hope that thing they said about the sections isn't true... 
I really want to see Savion Glover on Sunday, but we have an open house.  
i really want to see Star Trek again, but I don't have ANY money to do it 
I really want to see The Hangover! Too bad it was sold out tonight 
i really want to see the one day in pompeii exhibition at the melbourne museum but i don't wanna go by myself 
I really want to see UP. 
I really want to see you   I love you.
I really want to spend my time with you tomorrow 
i really want to stay up until 1 but finals tomorrow 
I really want to talk to her. But my mom's too effin nosey! 
I really want to their concert coming up, but no one will go with me  ? http://blip.fm/~5jk19
I really want to try Windows Deployment Services but can't find any of my Windows OS disks 
I really want to watch Food Inc, but heaven knows it'd kill me to see the horrors I already know exist 
i really want to watch MTV Movie Awards, but it's gonna end up late and i'm so tired 
I really want to watch Twilight with the commentary, but I can't find my DVD!!!! 
I really want to wear my Stitch hat somewhere! 
I Really Want You - James Blunt #musicmonday This song breaks my heart. 
I really want your cooties and i really wanna snuggle with you instead of you cuddlin' that dumb pillow 
I really wanted Joel to say &quot;Jesus&quot; on CBS this morning. Alas, he did not  #fb
I really wanted Julian Smith to win BGT; I voted for him! was pretty sure he wouldn't though  Diversity deserved it I suppose!
I really wanted T.R to stay  ..Im glad Katherine is though!
I really wanted that job 
I really wanted that Parma too 
I really wanted to clean today before work &amp; i dont have time so my husbands doing it all &amp; i was all  about it so he said hell leave
I really wanted to go to Super Target tonight but then a bunch of people just randomly came over to our house. 
I really wanted to see Dierks 
I really wanted to see jimmy this weekend 
I really wanted to see LeBron &amp; Kobe in the finals.  Oh well; Delonte took his shirt off at the end all &amp; my disappointment went away. =D
i really wanted to talk to this kid today and make him my friend, but i guess asian kids are just too cool for me 
I really wanted to touch Claire. Stupid glass in the way  Tricked her into wearing my jizzy goggles though. YAY!
I really wish @melsaysphatdick wasn't leaving tomorrow...er - today. 
I really wish he didn't have to go to work... I haven't seen my husband for more then 10 min in over a week... 
i really wish he would listen to me instead of continuing to ask. 
i really wish HR would email me back about that class I wanna sign up for and have them pay for it!!! 
I really wish I could get my first Twitter page back.. but all my tweets have disappeared 
I really wish I could get my guitar fixed soon. I MISS IT!!!  I might cry.
I really wish I could get the Pangea Patrol set on #packrat on MOO stickers - I seriously miss the 128px artwork  @iconmaster @SanLei ??
i really wish i could go and get Line, Vines and Trying Times 
I really wish I could go home and play with my rc10gt.... but I need to finish a perl script 
I really wish i could go to Aikido of Modesto's &quot;Weapons Training by the River&quot; this weekend! just bad timing  hopefully they do it again!
I really wish I could go to Disneyland this summer 
I really wish I could go to the NHL draft 
I really wish i could have hung out with him yesterday.... I really miss him 
i really wish i could jog inside 
I really wish I could play my old PS1 games, but the CDs are all screwed up haha. 
I really wish i could play the Uncharted 2 Beta 
I really wish I could sleep  I need to wake up early buttttt I don't see that happening now
I really wish I could still talk to you. 
I really wish I could use MMS for iPhone, but AT&amp;T is being sucky right now  Makin' me wait until the end of the summer!
I really wish I could win that iPhone     plzz pick me *on knees* pls!!
i really wish i didn't feel ridiculously sick THE DAY BEFORE CAMPOUT. 
I really wish I had a functioning laptop right now 
i really wish i had more money in my pocket that i do right now.. wait i dont have any pockets right now... FUCK MY LIFE.. 
I really wish I had my laptop now. I dunno when I'm supposed to get it. 
I really wish I had not seen a commercial for Hank Williams, Jr. My grandma loved him. Now I can't stop the tears. 
I really wish I had some time to bake today...anyday...Hopefully sometime soon. 
I really wish i had someone right now. Fighting with my fam..I hate being alone 
I really wish I had someone to talk to 
I really wish i had the money to go home for my cousin's wedding next weekend. 
I really wish I had thought of Bing Cashback before I bought all the HTPC equipment 
I really wish i knew how to make a website, but i do not understand any of that stuff. I  want a website 
I really wish I knew what I did to my back yesterday so I would never do it again... in so much pain this morning 
I really wish I never took yearbook.. Too much damn work 
I really wish I somehow space traveled with Elroy into New York City. I miss the city and its bustling streets 
I really wish i was able to go to E3  i wanna see it myself not on video &gt;_&lt;
I really wish I was as cool as Rob Dyrdek. Seriously, zip lines in your house? Everyday would be like an adventure. 
i really wish i was going to see ym&amp;ewk tonight. and take cover  
I really wish I was going to the Sigma reunion 
I really wish I was in ATL right now 
I really wish I was in Detroit right now, listening to the Final Fantasy concert! 
i really wish i wasnt in walmart im missing the awards 
I really wish i would quit getting emails about baby stuff 
i really wish life wouldn't be so cruel to my parents right now. please god cut them some slack and help them get jobs 
I really wish my best friend had been smarter. The sad thing......... I thougth she was. 
I really wish my body and sleep could work out there differences. I miss it. 
I really wish my car wasnt broken. I wanna go home! 
I really wish my icon worked 
i really wish my resume didn't look like a &quot;John Doe&quot; patient 
I really wish my roommate would get over herself and let me use my crockpot! My stew tonight would have been better if cooked all day. 
I really wish Pokï¿½beach would allow you to change your vote in the weekly poll... I mistakenly voted 33 
i really wish school ended tomorrow like everyone back in windsor...still 3 more days next week  
i really wish some of the top technical search results on google weren't me asking stupid questions on stackoverflow.com 
I really wish someone would make me soup and rub my head ... 
I really wish that i lived in America 
I really wish that inquery would have held up cause Id be $500 richer 
i really wish that there was more time to twitter, i find myself running out of time 
I really wish the Cavaliers could pull this one out but its really not lookin good 
I really wish the CW would put the repeats back on their website...I've missed all of season 2 
i really wish the farmers market wouldnt stop at 1 pm? what the hell, i didnt wake up til 11 
I really wish the sun would have come out today! 
I really wish you could password protect an entire category in Wordpress. 
i really wnated denmark to win,even voted for them&lt;3 
I really would like to download @Tweetie, but I sadly have a Mac running 10.4  
I really would love some chocolate right now...can't be bothered to go to the shops 
I really, really hate having to complain.  Today I have had to complain to a painter &amp; now Royal Mail . Getting grumpy &amp; fed up!
I really, really want a golden retriever. Too bad I won't be living in a home where she could run around for about 10 years 
I really, really want hersheys kisses: cookies n creme  they're so hard to find!
I really, really want the new @jonasbrothers CD 
I really, REALLY wish I had money to buy books. 
I really, really, really, want some Cheese Curds from Wisconsin...too bad I'm too far away 
i reallyyyy want to pass add maths. please don't let me fail. please don't let me fail 
i realy wanted to go out cause its so nice but everybodys busy 
i reccon tweet deck is easier and bette than spaz oh and i burn a hole in my skinnys 
I received the shortest email, but yet the most depressing one 
I recently moved to billericay, its so quiet,  i need mates frm round ere. I MISS BERMONDSEY! If ya frm round ere 'follow' meh x
I recently purchased baristopher.com - thought i was clever (barista+christopher) but seems i didn't think of it first   see @baristopher
I reeeally don't feel like teaching tonight 
I reeeally miss April 
I reeeeeali wish i wuz in Dallas rite nw 
I reeeeeeaaaaally wanna go to Stonehenge 
i reeeeeeeally don't like optics anymore  stupid photons
I REFUSE TO LEAVE THIS OFFICE TILL THE RAIN STOPS! Which mean's I may just be here till tomorrow morning 
i refuse to watch jon and kate plus 8 
I regents down 2 more to go  cant wait till friday, Karian'a party owwwww!
I regret cutting my hair.    I knew I would, but I did it anyway.  Looks like I'm going to search for ways to grow my hair out faster.
I regret not letting chingchong learn 'yawn'. why did I make all my pkmans learn physical attacks  now I can't catch anything alive
I relapsed again, I'm at chic fila  But is it bad that I always come into this chic fila bc there is a ton of eye candy wrkin here?
I relapsed on my vegetarian diet, I think my daddy BBQd on purpose  but that chicken was sooo good
i rely hope i dont get hurt like last time. 
i rember the day so clearly 
i remeber i had a can of Icy grape a krylon color from the 70s i paid 25 dollars for...never got to use it so sad  i miss my taggin days!
I remember &quot;2 Guys a Girl and a Pizza Place.&quot;  That was a hilarious show.  Where the hell are the dvds? 
I remember blocking so many kitty today, I wonder why she keeps coming back!! 
I remember exactly where I was watching.  http://bit.ly/9GXHH
I remember I could not wait for my bday when I was younger....but now that I'm older....I don't want that shit....I wanna be a kid again 
I remember in year  I was obsessed with British India. Now they are playing at Sounds Of Spring. How I wish I was 18 
i remember my father took me out on my 8th bday &amp; brought me a real pony cuz i wanted it so bad but my mom wouldn let me keep it 
i remember my first crush. we had play-doh on the bus.. i really liked him. i wish i could see him again. but that was like 6 years ago. 
I remember the days I lived In Bushwick AKA P.R Town  and went to chill In flatbush and they would make fun of my  thick spanish accsent 
I remember then &quot;Bright&quot; was the size of my thumb. He passed at a good 6&quot;  He was a great fish #brightlove
I remember we summer felt like it lasted forever. Now, once you take out your summer clothes it's time to pack them away again 
I remember when feefer broke his leg at my house... and I loled when I saw that he fell 
i remember when this day was my favorite day of the whole year. i would bake a cake for @seblefebvre 's birthday oooh middle school 
I remember YOU, I miss YOU, I wanna kiss YOU, I love YOU  â™¥
I remembered how to turn my brain off and go on revision-autopilot. Amazing weekend, but now I won't be out until after exam period  x
I remembered to get my dad a fathers day present... I just forgot to get him the fathers day card! 
I remembered to watch 11pm Daily Show... 13 minutes late though 
I removed auto follow - too many dating and porn ppl. Took forever to find and unfollow them.    Pls give me some time to follow U back.
I removed some twitter folks who keep grossing me out with gross stuff. 
i removed the L  from lover n now its all OVER 
I replied all my piling emails finally.. back to writing the paper.. then subtitling the video  #meh
i requested it over 40mins ago   - now they have break even by the scribe - good song
I requested to be a part of #ohnotheydidn't &amp; those biatches didn't accept me. 
I restored to a fresh 3.0 and now when I try a pwned ipsw I get error 1600 when in DFU and 1604 when in Restore mode 
I retract that last tweet, just been on the site not as good as i'd hoped 
I ripped a hole in my new d-backs shirt. I guess it wasn't made very well, but it looked nice. 
I ripped my favorite jeans today 
i rlly miss ya jessy ! :&lt;3 
I Rlly want sch holidays to be extended because everyone needs them!!!! Please MOE! 
I rly dont kno y How come u havent txted back jus wundering 
I rocked the poisoning analysis for Lab &amp; Analytical skills! 95% !! but 2nd examiner took me down to 81%  Why Mr 2nd examiner?? Why??
I rode a train and 2 buses to get to work. 2 students haven't shown up. Prolly have to wait till 5 for an hour of work. 
I rubbed a mixture of oatmeal and honey on my face. I hope this helps to get rid of the oily-ness. 
i ruined my soup  i left the noodles in for too long
I run a non-profit website. That's not the way I planned it, but it's the way it worked out 
I rwaly should go work out, but I'm hungry again 
i sad i can't talk to the sweetest @babypatches tho  i have a dawggie crush on her pwetty face!  #pawpawty
I sad I didn't get to go to the maker faire today. My plan to nap and then go got thwarted by neighbors building stairs next to my window 
i sad that he can't stay a bit longer  http://twitpic.com/6e4d3
I sad that she can't see Sophie E-B 2moz 
I sad that today is the last time he will ever sit in high school classroom ever again 
I sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
I said I'd do something this weekend and I didn't  i hate not being able to keep a promise 
i said im so much better witout u , but it just anthr pretty lie cuz i breakdown evrtime u came around 
I said Lmao in response to someones lame joke yesterday.. i wasn't on a comp! 
I said to myself I wouldent get board this weekend, but after playing GTA IV for three hours in a row, I am board 
I said yes when i should've said no. 
I said...&quot;The plan of God isn't thrawted by our humanity, but fulfilled in spite of us.&quot; &amp; mom laughed at me!! 
i sat incollege thinkking why!!!!! 
I sat next to Nick for Italian finals! but i kinda wanted to sit next to my study buddies. I didn't even talk to Nick. Life is so unfair. 
i sat outside for 10 mins and guess what i got... 9 MOSQUITO BITES!! 
I saved 2500 dollars on 2009 NBA Finals tickets, by being a Cavaliers fan 
I saw @oxfordgirls latest twitter in  #iranelection and tears welled. So happy you are ok. Didnt realise how worried I was. persiankiwi 
I saw a big pink rubber ball rolling down the sidewalk, and because I was late, I did not stop to save it.  
I saw a girl on the Blog thumbnails, went in, and she was WAYYYY CP... I feel dirty.  I need a shower.
i saw a gorilla called niko at longleat safara park. it was lonely and old and sad   i wanted to take it home and call it bollo.
i saw a movie... and i take no pride or glory in saying so... 
i saw a nightmare that was so bad.  i saw that Joker killed Siim and then came after me right in the middle of a department store.
I saw a pretty fucking hot guy today....but he had a kid.....and a girlfriend.. 
i saw about 50 shirts i wanted...if only they had a Black Flag one tho  no one ever has Black Flag...
I saw amazing heeels. But they were too big 
I saw an Iranian girl die on youtube today and found out her name was NADA.  So sad.  
I saw an omnipotent being yesterday. Went back to meet him but he had gone  Bet noone will believe me,I have witnesses !
I saw her today... No spark... 
I saw him today... He looked at me... What does he wants? I should be mad at him but he is mad at me... Fuck his pride... Idk anymore... 
i saw him, i talked to him, i fell for him, and he broke my heart. Yet i can't help but cry for his arms to hold me tight. 
i saw my doctor and he has said that i have tonsillitis 
i saw my first fish fly today 
I saw my guy yesterday! standing right in front of me! I think he looked at me for a sec! HavenÂ´t talked to him yet   heÂ´s so cute!
I saw people eat rabbits on TV.. they we're so cute... 
i saw pretty dresses, jeans, t shirts and shoes... but didn't buy anything 
I saw saw 5 last night, for the second time, and i was so scared that the pig was hiding under my bed 
i saw some really nice pair of shoess.. couldnt afford em 
I saw that this was how demidec was going to be announcing updates.  I still don't get the @ thing 
I saw the best 1980s back combed poofy bangs this morning on a 30yo... 8 in high. By the time I turned around she was gone... no picture 
I saw the man who was drinking a new PEPSI on the train. I don't try to drink one...   Can you imagine the new flavor??
I saw the most amaaaaaazing piece of art today! Wanted to buy, but it was like $200 
I saw The Producers tonite @ Ark. Shakespeare Festival. Not bad. Guy who played Max hurt his ankle in 1st number and limped rest of show 
i saw this indian lady whacked her son using water tumbler. &amp; the little boy was crying so badly 
i saw this super duper cool DC shoes! i was gunna buy it but i forgot to bring my moolah! 
I saw year one last night, it wasn't what I expected  Kinda lame.
i saw yoko tweeted about this http://bit.ly/XZtKz &amp; thought it sounded cool til i read it &amp; realized you have to be a couple &amp; wear white 
I say 'lately' too much  Time for sleeps.
I say this a lot... But I really wana go to India 
I say this with the utmost respect and love for their music; Led Zeppelin are a bunch of dirty aul men. 
I say we just cut out the small talk: AT&amp;T's new slogan: F__k you, give us your money. (Apologies to Bob Geldof.)
i scared off henry 
i scored low for english  i scored a 7.7 out of 10 and i wanted much higher. it's supposed to be my best grade
I scraped my hand  but @toyayu tended to my wound, I feel like I'm five again! She's soooo sweet! I love my mommy!!
I scrapped my elbow last night 
I scratched my eye lid on accident. it hurts 
I scratched my knuckle and now the skin is puffing up. 
I scratched my silver tray!!  Grrrr...I hate making dumb mistakes.  
I scratched the crap out of my glasses 
i scream for ICE CREAM!! summer's almost over... 
I screamed and had nightmares. It was sad at the end and I cried too 
I screw everything up 
I screw up everything. 
I screwed up big time 
I search &quot;maths&quot; on my local paper website @Nottingham_News &amp; get: http://tinyurl.com/my2wfa - just a horrible piece 
I second that word. . .major headache. If my boss was at work i would call in 
i see 2day is gonna be a blah day 
I see a ginormous rain cloud 
I see a huuuge mass of cloud coming to block the sun 
I see aaron's truck but no aaron 
I see everyone attending #twiist ! Why do I have so much work 
I see homeless people all the time&amp;it never makes me wanna cry but he did 
i see i been thinking bout u n i bet i having crossed ur mind huh..yea u...yea u funny...damn u terrible n u knw this for u.  It wud  ...
I see me and her bien doctors together  Thatll be the day 
I see renting prices are going to shit again, great.... Nothing we can afford at all! 
I see so many people with children. Sometimes I think it is never going to happen for me. 
I see some data written on a notepad, and saved on my desktop. But I have no clue what it is 
I see some titties n ass walkin down the street I can't let it pass me... But when its time to give a ni99a some pussy... You STUNT!! 
I see that I missed a real-time jigga revolution tonight on Twitter. Feels like walking into a party throwing confetti &amp; everybody&quot;s gone 
I see the sun. I see my timetable. I go to my lesson. I don't see sun. 
I see them but I can not buuuu   ... his songs are the best hope you like lima i especially love that fans ?
I see there's still no Paddy blog up yet...  I miss him !
I see what's happening in #iranelection and wonder why this didn't happen in the USA in 2004.  Americans are fat and lazy and content. 
I see! @philipbloom Sorry...just sent you it. What's the problem? 
I see. O_O It's 3:46am. I am tired 
I seem to always arrive back at this point: debugging Python and Django email handling 
I seem to always get called into work on my days off 
I seem to be not at all net savvy can't do a thing right .. 
i seem to get a lot of abuse from twitter users, am considering leaving because of it... strangers who dont know me seem to think they do 
i seem to have a cold  or maybe it's swine flu the way scotlands going...
I seem to have a cold, Dnw sniffy nose 
I seem to have a terminal case of CBA today 
i seem to have caught rookinella's &amp; twiggy's swine flu 
i seem to have lost my bank statement. 
I seem to have misplaced some letters I was hoping to mail tomorrow. I went to the post office today to buy pretty stamps &amp; everything. 
I seem to have missed the sunshine here in Glasgow  It's cloudy and hazy now. Ho hum.
I seem to lose followers by the day 
I seem to need help locating the off switch for both my mind and mouth.... it would make my relationship so much more successful 
i seem to never get input on my eye twitterpics...wonder why? guess that means NO to tutorial. 
I seem to spend half my life creating Aweber signup forms  And the other half working out what Aweber have changed to day ;-)
I seemed to have forgotten to pack Samantha 
I seen @jcashdolla and he ddnt give me an autograph or pic  LOL
I sense the FIL disapproves of my getting a new phone. 
I sent a bunch of messages today while out and none of them came through.  Well, I had an interview with a Modeling agent today..and it
I sent a tweet from my phone earlier and it didn't go  hmmm
i serioulsly think im gunna fail english this year with our shitty teacher  i still dont get what we're doing
i seriously cannot believe that it's June--and the high through next week will be 70 degrees. SUMMER, where are you? 
I seriously can't wait till the exams are over. I wish they'd hurry up and come already. 
I seriously dnt feel good!ugh i hope i feel way better by tomorrow.even tho i probly wont.if i dnt feel better im screwed.  ***Marianna***
i seriously do not feel good.   i cant breathe good 
I seriously do not want to do pe today. It's too fuckin hot for athletics! 
I seriously don`t wanna go to school yet. 
I seriously don't care if rake makes you happy, in a .NET oss Project I expect to be able to build with a NAnt..  Fluent NH build is PITA
I seriously dont get this whole twitter thingie!  haha! Im sitting here trying to figure it outt, im on my mobilee btww! ;) help muchh??
I seriously don't think I shall ever find the ability to learn Pythagoras' theorem. 
I seriously doubt Willow Glen and Los Gatos are being taken over by roaches. Only the slums of SanJo, I guess. 
I seriously feel like i have the Marley &amp; me dog but in miniature size  Gah! Can't be left unattended? He eats everything drinks anyth ...
I seriously hate my brain. Doubt and interpreatation are a big fat mean bastard!!! 
I seriously hope it doesnt rain tomorrow or my County Fair Plans go down the drain 
I seriously hope she understands  I could be in Ontario right now, going to Niagra Falls. *seriously shakiing my head right now*
I seriously NEED a car! 
i seriously need a new phone! can't wait a year and a half  uggghhhh! 
I seriously need to find out why my laptop sometimes gets so hot. BBL after errands &amp; pricing &quot;comp fixes&quot;. Not many places left 4 that. 
I seriously need to get a new ipod.  I don't like how all my songs DON'T fit on my cheesy 4GB ipod! Boo diggity! sucks!
i seriously need to live somewhere fabulously queer. i miss being around gay people 
I seriously need to stop slacking on my iPhone development, to much damn WoW 
I seriously now hate Chelsea from Chelsea Lately. :| She just said she hates Nemo. :| HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT!  I LOVE NEMO! â™¥
I seriously picked the wrong movie to watch before bed 
i seriously prefer Mac books to any other comps. 
I seriously want to crawl back into my bed! These Lakers fans are gonna drive me crazy today... Gettin ready for work. 
I seriously wish I had my phone!!!!! 
I set my alarm for 5.30 rather than 6.30. EPIC FAIL 
i set my clock wrong. i woke up at 4 instead of 5 
I set my player preference as LQ but all videos play in HQ can't revert back to LQ been reading help forum and others have this issue too 
I set the wrong settings for flash so the majority of my pics were underexposed  am really sad seriously.
I shake the very thought you and me together. 
I shall be sad to leave my uncle's cats though, insha'Allah. They are both so cute 
I shall miss BreeMPLS terribly after he gets home and is killed. 
I shall never eat THAT much ever again. I swear. Ugh. 
I shall not be 'AwkwardSalad'. It said it changed my name to that and then didn't.  AwkwardCupcakes it is then. Haha food themes. YUM!
I should actually go to sleep. I need to get up early tomorrow to do actual work since I have an assignment due &amp; an exam Monday. Fail. 
I should add it only cost $180.00 for that visit 
i should b sleepin  i hate 8am's!!!!!!!
I should be asleep and getting rest for my big job interview manana, but here I am printing stuff for it and I'm out of black ink 
I should be asleep... or writing my essay. 0/2 
i should be at a party right now 
i should be at the beach right now instead of working.... 
I SHOULD BE AT THE GETAWAY PLANS SHOW D: but im not 
I should be at the pool, but instead I'm home working on my portfolio 
I should be cleaning my house.... *Sigh* I don't wanna. 
i should be doing my hw and studying my bio.but the thing is I cannot be bothered. 
i should be doing psychology work. but homeostasis is boring and i keep getting distracted 
I should be excited about the going away party that all our friends are throwing for us, but I am dreading saying goodbye. 
I should be excited but all i am is tired 
i should be finished.... but i'm not.  color drawing, here i come.  
I should be getting a little more revision done but I can't decided what to wear, 
I should be getting a new cell tuesday with a PLAN yes A PLAN no more prepaid crap! unfortunately my brother picked out the phone... 
I should be getting my 3GS right now  but nope, I need to wait. So I'll pout a bit and just go back to bed.
I should be going down the pub today, but due to lack of ID 'til Tuesday and the struggle that was Thursday (I still got in!) I can't. 
i should be going to Philly tomorrow 
I should be going to the movies with the swimteam 
I should be happier really, seeing as I have no more exams...but I'm not 
I should be in bed already! OMG my hair is a fucking mess!! 
I should be in bed, but I can't sleep again. 
I should be in bed. Not having internet sucks! I've been on here from my phone. Idsbdis Damn this really sucks 
I should be in Galway...  Ag sugradh le Billy agus Matthew 
I should be in Istanbul now, watching the Turkish Grand Prix. 
I should be in LA at the parade 
i should be in malia right now! 
I should be landing in Detroit right now... sigh    #DEMF
I should be making my way to the Ateneo Press sale...but my wallet won't let me 
I should be on my way to WWDC, but I'm not.  
I should be on the radio now, but I'm not 
i should be painting 
i should be putting my clothes away. blehhh 
I should be reading right now. But I'm not in the mood. 
i should be really glad that i'm back home right?! but i'm not too  and im weary i wanna sleep but the family's having dinner elsewhere 
I should be revising, but I can't get motivated. ARGH. This sucks. 
i should be seeing andrew bird today 
I should be sitting on the beach right now! 
i should be sleeping by now, gotta wake up in a few hours! but i cant sleep! 
I should be using Twhirl, but I'm too lazy to launch it..... and I feel incredibly crappy now. 
i should be working out, but my legs hurttttt 
I should be working, but all I can think about is my lost ring. 
i should do my homework  buuuuut.. i'm going to read Twilight *o*
I should do something wit my hair  Off to a &quot;stylist&quot; haha lol!
i should do this follow friday malarkey really, lots of nice people putting me in theirs, but i keep forgetting 
I should drink lots of water at this point. But my tongue doesn't feel well. 
I should get busy 
I should get up. Days off school are harder when Victoria comes over every morning. 
I should go into live event twitter consulting biz. TONY Awards feed could be so much more.    Access does not guarantee quality.
i should go to bed. ugh car wash in the morning  FUCK THAT SHIT
i should go to campus earlier but i cant 
I should go to sleep  tomorrow I have to work...
I should have been born in latin america. 
i should have been in japan this week... spending my money on gashapons, tons of toys and drowning in sushi 
I should have bit my tounge. Probably took a turn down regret ave.  I thought I was doing the right thing.  It seems I was mistaken. 
I should have bought Sprite instead of a smoothie... Now I'm suffering with bad cramps  Today was/is just not my day.
I should have brought my phone charger afterall. The laptop shut off USB power last night. 
I should have create that account year's ago, when my name was not choosen 
I should have flipped myself a little more often. 
I should have followed the instructions to the letter.  minor setback.
I should have gone out drinking with the boy last night 
I should have gone to church. 
i should have gone to the powerhouse tonight. i could have heard jokes about been an obese spinster 
I should have gone. fuck! they better stay together. arghh. but I have no more money anyways so I dunno.. 
I Should Have Knocked Before Entering Office... Feel Guilty Now 
I should have known... 
i should have received my headphones today  ...
i should have said it today,,  but i was too scared 
I should have stayed in bed today 
I should have taken mr wests advice n stayed my ass in florida, good god. but noooooo. I gotta b rebellious 
I should have went to bed earlier last night.... I'm tired this am 
I should limit myself to one party a week to keep things interesting but then I'd have to end my friendship with Krystal  lol
I should make a list of summer things! I just woke up and I have a sore throat 
i should not be allowed my bank card &amp; internet access. this equals broks shiv 
I should not be saying the phrase 'I know, right?' ever. 
I should not be trusted with any form of technology 
I should of stayed at home. Its stupid ugly out. This that great sleeping weather. 
I should probably do Methods now .. but I feel like Scrubs  It's my mum's bday and we're not even doing much 
I should PROBABLY get out of bed and get dressed now. I have a little less than an hour before I need to be out the door. 
i should probably go to the doctor. still 'illin 
I should probably go to the doctors tomorrow. The infection on my toe is getting worse. Look what you did hang nail! 
I should probably look into optimizing the mysql stuff, pretty messy 
I should probably not use the computer at all.  Dammit, I wasted 20 minutes!!! GRR. =0
i should probably start practicing physics over the summer so i don't get rusty.  after all 96% of the universe is still missing 
I should prolly get gas, no? I hate hate hate doing it! hate.  http://sml.vg/GG3p3Z
i should really be doing my homework/studying 
i should really get down to some english revision.... cba 
i should really go to bed, considering i need to wake up at 6 
I should really go to bed. Flying home tomorrow, then have to pack a bag as i'm moving.  I just don't know where i'm moving too 
I should really start on my thesis. Ugh. 
I should really start some work.. really dont want to.. would much rather look at blogs all day 
i should really stop eating chocolate, but i can't, probably because i eat more than usual when i'm stressed 
I should really stop watching the Dodgers and go to sleep. It's 05:15 
I should send Apple an angry email along the lines of &quot;Hey d-bags, 'we fixed your computer' generally means you actually did something.&quot;. 
I should sit down and get tethering to work.. Don't have time though 
I should so be asleep 
i should start doing some work now 
I should start doing this for my tweets  http://xkcd.org/481/
i should start packing my flat up but i dont want to 
I should stop drinkin! Every weekend im drunk as hell and the sad thing is, im only djing good if im drunk  sheet
I should stop watching all the vids as I MUST finish one thing within this week and I don't have much time to do it. 
i should work out more often and more constantly.. I'm still tired from yesterday's racketball session.. 
i should write... but i don't want to 
I shoulda toned my body up b4 cumma down here.i gain 15 pounds 
I shouldn'[t be going to work and school in the condition that I'm in. But I got to. 
I shouldn't be allowed to sit wit my legs curled up, I've pulled my left leg now! 
I shouldn't be in charge of planning travel agendas...just now leaving C'ville 2 hours behind schedule driving straight into ATL traffic 
I shouldn't be reading about missing planes while my husband is flying over the US on business.  What a sad story.
I shouldn't be this tired. I already slept a bunch.  I better not be getting sick.   and the thought of drinking coffee makes me queasy
I shouldn't be up this early! I sleep in on Sundays! 
I shouldn't be upset right now, I should be ecstatic. But I am upset. 
I shouldn't be wearing my massive hoody in JUNE.  
I shouldn't have arrived 30 mins earlier. I'm bored to death right now 
I shouldn't have cut my hair.  I look like a primary school kid with a bad haircut. All I need now are bangs.
I shouldn't have had that burrito yesterday, or the second one 
i shouldnt have taken a 4 hour nap! now im not tired &amp; i cant fall asleep 
i shouldnt have to wear a coat outside so close to my birthday! 
I shouldnt have went 2 bed so early. Im up and thinkin way 2 much. 
i shouldn't of woken up so early 
I shouldn't smoke anymore... tried to quit it, it's kinda hard 
I shouldn't tell people I'm ticklish 
I should've brought my CHI with me. 
i should've followed up   
I should've given that card 
I shOulve gone to that thing at Irvine 
I sill haven't seen transformers or the hangover  this sucks
i simply canny make my poster look good  meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
I simply LOVE &quot;Lie to Me&quot; ! Too bad there are only 13 episodes in a season... 
I sincerely hope that Airbus over the Atlantic is not as tragic as it sounds..  We wish them a miracle!!!
I sincerely hope the rest of my life is not this busy 
I skipped my Finnish test today, ï¿½cause I slept to late ACCIDENTALLY  now I should study English but here I am, surprise surprise
i slept 12 hours last night and im already tired again 
I slept 3 times today.  Morning. Lunch. Afternoon nap. Tea. Sleep. Dinner.
I slept 5 hours. That's three hours short of the recommended amount. Just in case you're counting. 
i slept about 4hours..oh man, that's not much. i'm really really tired, but i just can't sleep  MTV Movie Awards = awesome!
I slept absolutely horrible.I blame that damn &quot;black dahlia&quot; movie.I think of messed with my psyche 
I SLEPT ALL DAY I FEEL SO LAZY ! 
I slept almost all day yesterday porque I have the flu. 
I slept amazingly. I woke up and still thought i was on the west coast. I wasnt. Sigh 
I slept for 12 hours.... and didn't watch The Soup last night 
I slept for 2 long, i'm gonna fail all my classes 
I slept for like 12 hours and got woken up by my mum telling me lunch was ready... I'm not hungry 
I slept from 7pm to 6am.. at least I'm not tired, but still got the migraine that sent me to bed in the first place 
I slept from about 4 pm yesterday until just now with 2 hours of being awake. And I'm still tired. 
I slept last night  I will be going to the beach very soon, be back friday. I dont wanna leave my computer  BUT I WILL HAZ POOL 
I slept like a brick shithouse. Slept right through my alarm and my wake up call. Missed the parade 
i slept like the dead. i slept so hard that i have a bad crink in my neck and can't really turn my head. 
i slept on my shoulder wrong  ouch.
I slept so late 
I slept through all that thunder. 
I slept while writing an email..! I can't keep my eyes open   It's soo hard
i slept wrong and now seem to be unable to turn my head to the right 
I slept wrong, my neack hurts 
I slept/layd around all day ran this mornin n dat BLAZIN sun im draind, tired, lazy &amp; chillaxin Housework NOT done  dnt feel like goin out
i sliced my finger 
I sliced my finger open earlier today and now i'm Cleaning my room. It hurts, 
i sliced my foot in the worst possible way 
I sliced my thumb while cooking lunch... 
i slipped over at work and now my knees are bruised 
I smashed my finger almost two hours ago. It is still throbbing  i hate my finger right now.
i smell bacon being fried! YUMM. my lunch. so fustrated about my iTunes! 
I smell cake but I don't see any cake on the oven! 
i smell like i have been raped by a giant coffee bean 
I smell like smoke from O'Charley's  Wasn't smoking banned in these places???
i smell like smoke from the campfire last night 
I smell of holidays. I now want a holiday. Holiday. 
i smoked yesterday, it's very disappointing 
i sneezed so hard at shoprite i spilled my coffee. no one was impressed 
I snickered for like twenty minutes thinking that was the awesomest name ever. 
I snoozed far too many times, now too stressed getting everything ready in an hour 
I so can't go to school tomorrow. I have a flu  It may not be Swine Flu, but it's still a flu.
I so can't wait for james to finish work. Only another 5 and abit hours!  x
I so did NOT just ate fish and chips two days in a row. Uh Nuh.. 
I so do not feel like going to work today 
I so don't feel like working today 
I so don't want to drive home  *sigh* but i have to
i so don't want to go back to work tomorrow 
I so don't want to go wading in kitty shit...  
I so feel like a female doin all this damn shopping 
I so hate homeworks -.- My head hurts so bad 
I so hate it that you can't listen to Kiis FM... only USA. Never listened to it 
I so miss Florida  .. I miss pretty much everywhere I've been except where I live
i so miss school right now   i can't wait to go back
i so miss you 
i so need a composer to write about! and i don't know who to do!  well...i'll find something anyway lol XD
I so need a good massage! 
I so need a job.  My agency is CRAP, the job market is CRAP, my bank account is CRAP, I FEEL LIKE CRAP.
I so need something to help adjust stock levels  either that or a much bigger house LOL
I so need to get at least 4 miles in today.This Chicago doom and gloom weather is not motivating at all! 
i so need to start going to sleep earlier!!! dreading tomorrow!! err 
I so not want to work today. 
I so should be in bed but I can't sleep 
i so sleepy that i placed my printer beside my laptop. my head hurts 
I so thought I was walking behind Cynthia Nixon last night. 'Twas not her 
i so tired. 
i so tired. came home and had to clean. discovered that my mom took my bed sheets off without putting new ones on. 
I so totally wanna write right now...but I have no new material. 
I so wanna go bck 2 sleep, but Ki ain't havin it!  I'm tired!
i so wanna go to the singapore river festival but my kaki is happily enjoying herself in HK now!!! 
i so want go on xbox live i have left my controll pads at me m8s house  going have get them tomoz
I SO want to be a vegetarian. I hate picturing animals before I devour my meal 
i so want to SNEEZE but it just won't happen, feels like i've opened a bottle of fizzy juice in my head n the bubbles have no where to go 
I so wanted to go stef!!   i had to much to do but im going next time!!
I so wish i could drive!Am being confined to the house (for the 5th day) b/c my mother says she is sick of driving me everywhere!So bored 
i so wish i could have gone to the love music hate racism festival at britannia stadium was too late to get tickets. 
I so wish I had more money. The pub was quite nice at lunch-time 
I so wish I hadn't this morning 
i so wish i was at the supernatural convention right now 
i so wish i was born in the 1920z 
I so wish I was going to coloursfesr  haha
I so wish I was going to see mcfly on tour 
I so wish i was riding the new bike back to the island this week to watch the TT. Shame it wont be here until at least Friday  #iomtt
i sob when i think about today and how utterly long it is. 
I somehow broke PockeTwit. 
I somehow cracked the screen on my laptop that I bought in feb and I cant use it nemore 
i sometime feel that too much time on your hands and facebook is a bad combo, enough searching and you find stuff u dont wanna know 
I sometimes have no idea what people are trying to tell me.  
I sometimes wish I liked seafood, it looks so good and then I get near it and gag.  oh well, I'll stick to chicken,
I soo deserve this trip. This whole semester has been a run-a-round... I just wanna be sucessful 
i soo wanna go to beyonce's concert on novembaa   ..
i sooo need a job STAT...divorce is hard if you are a stay at home mom w/ no money of your own 
i sooo need a laugh 
I sooo need a vacation!  It's looking like the one that I planned won't happen, bummer 
I sooo want jack in the box!!! 
i soooo hate my phone!!!!! This storm is going back... it doesnt even feel like i have a blackberry... 
I soooo need to catch up on all this NEW @anoopdoggdesai stuff!! Going to the airport to fly home from VEGAS 
I soooo want that house 
i soooo wish i was at the bamboozle  this is what happens when u live in england.
I sooooo over slept 
I sooooo wanna give the girls next door makeovers. They dress so 
i soooooo don't get this. lol 
i sooooooooo dont want to go to work today to nice outside.   
I sorry cameron  is that why you didnt answer my text! Better be why girlie.
I sort of have an explanation (not excuse mind you) that may have factored into the stress attack/twitter craziness, PMS 
I sorta hate the last day of the month, b/c thats when I have to pay the car insurance 
i sorta kinda have the feeling they were talking about me too. sunshine i think you know who im talking about...  shelby knows about this.
I sortve wish it'd stop being sunny 
I sound like a little old man. 
i sound like an old man 
I spelt Prototype wrong  This make me a sad panda.
i spend my paychecks on jello baths and ostrich rides  i'm living a lifestyle beyond my means! ahem.. i'm up watching some anime. you?
i spend so much $ on MAC collectiblesf, but i don't really get to use em.  video games &amp; makeup. i'm having a gender identity crisis.
I spent $15 on food at the night market and then some cute guy bought the sunglasses that I wanted just to make me mad  fun night overall.
I spent 20 minutes looking online for the classic soundbite of Floyd Mayweather Jr., &quot;you know I keeps a private jet!&quot; couldn't find it 
I spent 5 days in New Orleans, 2 days were great and 3 days were me being sick with a 102 degree fever. 
I spent 52 paying bills today. Goodbye money, it was fun while it lasted... 
I spent all of last night waking up every 30 seconds because I was nervous about registration 
I spent half of my day watching my cousins play Halo. ) My life sucks. =((( I must IMPROOOVE! 
I spent many hours today making the key algorithm that holds all the other algorithms together... It needs tweaking, badly 
I spent most of last night dreaming about clowns and most of this morning talking about bees. Also I cannot explain how much my legs hurt 
I spent most of today's cognitive peak making the husband do the Canadian taxes, so none is left for program or admissions essay. 
I spent out ALL my money today. Too bad because i didnt have enough anymore to buy the hoodie i fell in love with 
I spent so long making that Father's Day card for my dad. My hand hurts 
I spent the day at a farm shooting...the parting words I got were ''when you get home, check for ticks.'' 
I spent the last 20 min.s cleaning up koko's facebook.. she has too many request and inbox messages 
I spent the last half an hour of revision playing Peggle 
I spent the WHOLE day doing research on starting a non-profit org, SO much wk 2 do! This is only the beginning &amp; I'm loosing faith  
I spent too much money at Ikea 
I spilled a venti vanilla latte all over my arm, body, bar &amp; floor -_- Its been so busy 
I spilled hot soup on my arm. 
I spilt spot remover on my dog...... now he's gone 
I split the back of my iPhone. I dropped it. 
I spoke too soon: Gears isn't yet compatible with Safari 4 
i spot 3 ppl sleeping in class. I sense a 4th person in me. I wish i were having holiday too!  unfair.
i sprain my thumb and it hurts 
i sprained my ankle and its killing me 
I sprained my ankle at school 
I sprained my foot. It hurts like hell. Can't walk! 
I spray-painted my planets for my science proj today! ;) got it everywhere and the blue paint is still in my hands and feet! 
I squisheded a baby turtle 
I start class tomorrow..... Ugh  fml
I start moving at 10 in the morning and I'm not ready. Waterbed won't drain and so far I only have one person to help me tomorrow 
I start to missing you 
i start tweeting and now the sex sites are tweeting back 
I start work soon. I did some shopping. . And now just waiting. . Oh i hate spiders 
I start work tomorrow 
I started feeling sick earlier   Took some medicine... That nightime effect is about to kick in.. My everything is feeling heavy, LOL
I started my first class.The professor spoke for only 15 minutes; we worked in groups the rest of the three hours.  I need sleep 
I started my period 
I started 'portupgrade php5-extensions' yesterday on my #FreeBSD box. Still plugging away 
i started the poll...  nobody picked &quot;gosh stop being so helpful&quot;
I stayed home from school today. 
I stayed up waaaay too late last night. I am so tired and my flippin knee hurts  gr!!!
I steamed my thumb when cooking dinner. It hurts 
I stepped on a sewing pin   Darn textiles.
I stepped on a shower hook last night. It went through and now My heel really hurts. I also cannot remember my last tetanus shot..    ...
i stepped on poop today 
i still am dying 4 1. no way THAT'S ever happening. 
I still believe this is all a lie 
I still can`t believe I`m going to be dragged to school tomorrow. NOO!  Goodbye summer, hello hell- I mean, junior life!
I still cannot believe Prison Break is over. Always thought that it would go on for ages. 
I still can't believe i failed. I thought i was doing good... 
I still can't believe I had my palm on the lens when I took my picture...  the camera was too small
I still can't believe it. 
I STILL can't believe it...why do I even attempt to watch sports; this one is almost as bad as 2005 Bengals first round exit. DAMNIT CAVS 
I still cant believe Jb's utube is GONEEE!  Mariah (:
i still can't believe nadal lost!!!!!!!!   
I still can't believe the inxs guy died jerking off 
i still cant believe the van is gone.  so many great memorys
I still can't believe they gave me an honours degree! Exhausted myself w/ excitement.  Sorry to those I missed tonight! 
I still can't belive he is gone 
I still can't bring myself to watch the Key to Time DVD set. Ultimately it's an opportunity missed and I don't think it's worth my time 
I still can't decide between Blogspot and Tumblr. More on reblogging na klasi ang Tumblr. 
I still cant do the butterfly!!! 
I still can't find my music  Trekked all the way into school to look but no luck - nice to see everyone though.
I still can't get used to looking at the fish tank and there being 3 fish instead of 4 now.  i miss u my little mohawked pirate.
I Still Cant Get Used To This Twitter 
I still can't mms  That was the one thing I really wanted to do!
I still can't scroll down on my BB!! I thought it would possibly fix overnight  Im gonna go cry now.. :'(
I still can't sleep.  Fuck...
I still can't tweet  despite best efforts.
I still can't understand why Windows is so popular... I've been sitting here for 20 minutes waiting for it to finish charring up my HDD 
I still cant work this 
i still confuse use this twitter.... 
i still don't feel good, and have to wake up at 5am for work  why does God hate me?
I still don't feel well. Blahhh 
I still don't get Twitter... 
i still dont have a bartending job yet  but then i realize, i haven't exactly applied anywhere yet. woops
I still don't have an idea for a fathers day gift.... its getting closer and closer to gift time!!!! what do i do??? 
I still don't have many followers and it sadens me,  oh well
I still don't have my locker! 
i still dont know how to do this ugh 
i still dont know what im doing 
I still dont really get this 
I still don't think its fair that gizelle -idk spelling)  isn't a disney princess 
I STILL don't understand how to setup subversion for a website 
I still don't understand this. 
i still don't understand twitter that much... 
i still don't understand you n what is going on (sigh) esp w/all ur confusing &quot;i miss u crap.&quot; i am pissed n in love w/u at the same time 
I still dont want to go to school. 
I still feel guilty. 
I still feel horrible and in extreme, intense pain. 
I still feel like ass so i need to turn in early. I'm getting old used to have an immune system like a tank  now im a pinto 
I still feel like shit  watching one of my Dave movies The Dark Knight
I still feel like shit.... &amp; I'm at work again....!  txtmeeee
i still feel messed up GR  emptyconfused&amp;protesting
I still feel shitty but I will work and hope it goes away 
I still feel super sick 
i still felt the familiar pain at the mere thought of him . . . 
I Still got so Many Unsaid Things that I Wanna say... to you 
I still hate my hair  i want it to grow back NOW D:
i still have 123 followers and no one talks to me 
I still have a first gen iPhone. 
I still have a flu... 
I still have a headache from passing out in the middle of the street 
I still have a headache! 
i still have a massive sore bruise on my arm from walking into a door last week - owwies 
I still have a twitter and I still don't know what to do with it. My tweeter is broken 
I still have a very depressed feline fuzzball...it's another trip to vet tmrw to see what can be done...worried doesn't even cover it 
I still have at least five hours  are you at home?
i still have baby fat 
i still have beer shits 
I still have headache.....not nice 
I still have no clue how to chk d username who unfollowed me recently 
I still have no idea how this works 
I still have no idea how to use this twitter thing. 
I still have not been able to get my verizon phone to work with this 
I still have not recieved the call ive been waiting for 
i still have not showered yet and i probably wont till tomorrow morning  and im still wearing the same clothes. anyone want to hang out?
I still have not watched the Pushing Daisies finale.  Watching it will mean there really aren't any left and that it really is over 
I still have the headache I went to sleep with 
I still have to catch up 
i still have to finish my Pre-Cal! not fun 
i still have to study!  goodnight twitts! goodnight @tommcfly, @dannymcfly, @dougiemcfly, @mcflyharry! love you &lt;3
i still havent done my homework or studyed for math.  im not a fan of my monday class's.
I still haven't figured on how to download songs for my BlackBerry. 
i still havent finished our deloitte e-learnings  sadness
I still haven't found the coffee machine... 
I STILL haven't gotten anything done!  
I still haven't put my new books up! Yet, I'll try by the end of the day....and I am sad that our neighbors are moving away 
i still havent seen tonights dollhouse or flashpoint  ....stupid work...but thank god for inventing DVR and viewing shows online 
I still havent seen Wolverine yet  which sucks..unless I see it next weekend when I go see Star Trek!! 
I still haven't started homework yet  I suck.  Sure wish it was the weekend and that it was raining.  That would make me happy.
I STILL haven't won a free mountain dew 
I still hope warne plays some good shots and make the team win.. And he goes off as i type this 
I still hurt. And I'm knackered. Can't believe it's only Tuesday. 
I still like someone I can't have. It fucking sucks  on the plus side, thank God SuBo didn't win tonight! :-D Congrats to Diversity!
I still like the app I paid for...Tweetie. Sorry, Tweetdeck. 
I still love the movie &quot;Wish Upon a Star&quot; with Katherine Heigl... too bad Disney doesn't show it anymore. 
I still miss Kisay. 
i still miss that leprechaun  
I Still Missing You 
I still need a comedic monologue. You'd think finding a monologue would be easy, it's not!  So many are overdone or just suck.
I STILL NEED A JOB 
I STILL need ideas on what to get my daddy!!!!! I still don't know yet!  lol
i still need to find someone who will come to northampton with me tomorrow 
i still only have 63 followers..........   the number stopped going up???
i still really don't understand &quot;the game&quot; 
I still sound like a man! 
I still think Constellation is the correct course. Maybe not in hindsight 3yrs ago, but from where we r now it is. Few seem to agree  #HSF
I still tired! I need summer vacations NOW! Ahhhh when I'm studing my friends are having fun  last day tomorrow!
i still want an iphone...  http://bit.ly/1BTXHb
i still want my tie dyed shirt 
i still want some blind company though  might ring my buddy jerimiah in a bit
I still want some damn chocolate cake 
I still want that damn pizza but nobudy wants my future bastard child  ugh
I still want to see the Jonas Brothers, and I found row 3 tickets! Someone go with me 
I still wish I could be somewhere hot and tropical with great coffee  maybe some quality friends and great food too...hmmm
I still wish I could go outside...  I also wish I could bring Bebbi out. Aaaah... This just makes me hate him even more!
I still wonder where that plane is. I imagine it's in the sea. But... oh man. 
I stop this and i wish u can talk to me ..And we can be ok again  imm leave u alone it till u r ok at less but i do worrie about u tho
I stopped following &quot;adwords&quot; column in tweetdeck   too many spam tweets
I stopped following my sister @kathresa because she never tweeted... but she started and I MISSED her!  A lesson learned.
i stretched my arm muscles and they hurt so bad 
I strongly dislike people who make stupid comments and dont know the whole story 
i stubbed my toe on brady's skateboard  and it be bleeding
i stubbed my toe on desire. they told me i was wrong all along. that's why they act queer. it must be just a demon putting me in gear. 
i stubbed my toe playing kickball and scraped  a bunch of skin off and now it is bleeding all over         . . . owwww 
I stuck at this score  global 14 http://tinyurl.com/kmq8eq
i suck @ math. 
I suck as a prom date! I feel so bad 
I suck at air hockey more than I thought apparently! 
i SUCK at badminton 
I suck at brickbreaker 
I suck at guitar hero metallica 
I suck at life 
I suck at playing guitar. My finger hurt, and it sounds like someone's killing a cat whenever I try to play. 
I suck at real bowling. 
I suck at this whole shopping thing. 
I suck at twittering 
i suck at writing the letter N 
I suck so bad at skiball 
i suck!!!! how was last nightï¿½?!  i fell asleep! never woke up, until midnight! i'm so lame http://twitpic.com/3j2c5
I suck...   
I suddenly feel like listening to some John Lurie. Too bad he can't make music anymore  Hope that changes.
I suddenly feel this sadness and emptiness around me. I don't know how to describe it, but i Hate this. Night, people. 
I suddenly miss my Flintstones vitamin tablets  SOOOO GOOOOD
I suddenly miss Pisay 
I suddenly want Chinese food in the worst way.  Not really a great on-the-run food and I packed a sandwich for lunch anyway.   
i sunburnt like crazyyy 
i support @perezhilton through this whole thing. poor guy 
I suppose I better get ready for school 
I suppose I will do more vacation research alone since no one looooves me 
I suppose you could say that I hate Harry Potter because he's everything I'm not.
I sure am ready to go to my second home, lack of sleep from last night kicking in 
I sure can't wait till Monday,, I'm gonna hit the gym hard...tooo much eating..I just had to hv an apple turnover. 
I sure hope it's the pollen and not the start of a cold! Sniff sniff 
I sure hope my voice recovers in time for the 29th! My throat is fooked after Castaway Cuties on saturday 
I sure know how to pick em! Wow 
I sure wish I was at any one of the 3 big codecamps going on today  ...but friends getting married is always a good day!  #fb
I sure wish my husband didn't fish all the time maybe he could help out around our house 
I surely hope it's nothing serious. I can't lose all my files! 
I suspect I have strep throat 
I suspect it's warmer outside, my feet are freezing here 
I swam. It hurts. It's a good kind of hurt. Apart from that. That's the bad kind of hurt. owwww 
I swatted a mosquito and I feel bad.  
I swea I think everybody will be in miami this weekend...cept me 
I swear @stephcolts2129 has dissapeared! 
i swear cookout food is either disgusting or i have a sensitive. either way i feel sick 
i swear everytime i get online, everyone gets off of twitter 
I swear I am having a hard time just staying awake in summer classes! can't find it in me to stay up and pay attention 
I swear I could run faster than this train has been going... oh wait it just stopped completely 
I swear I had the dimples of the hockey ball in my leg. I actually can hardly walk now 
i swear i have to start sleeping early. i havent gotten a 12 hour sleep since a month ago 
i swear i just felt a earthquake  lol
i swear i love being in my bed but i hae being in my bed alone  box needs love 2
I swear I made plans last night with someone but I have no idea what they were 
I swear I was suppose to have been in the shower almost 2 hours ago!!! Can't never get anywhere on time 
I swear im going to cut 4 inches off of my hair tonight. Im so sick of it. And my mom wouldnt do it for me. 
I swear I'm kinda ready to have another baby  &quot;/ can't wait
I swear I'm leaving work at 9...I'm soo tired 
I swear I'm super bored 
I swear imma cry in like 5 seconds I can't take this pain anymore 
I swear IT has me stressing fucktons. I dunno whether I can debug my website in time. Insurance and payment has me a thousand short 
I swear its so hot I dont want to leave my house  Is it hot where your at?
i swear megavideo just picks the worst possible time to cut out 
I swear my face is all puffy because someone keeps waking me up at 4am.  Ugh It would be nice to actually sleep.
i swear my head is POUNDING!..ughh 
I swear someone has moved Huntsville.  Must. Have. Sleep.
I swear this day can't get any worse  I hope later will be good fun!
i swear this is the first time ive ever seen my parents irritated with each other 
i swear this pepsi max is flat 
I swear Tickets are equivilant to monthly bills! Smh... Now completely discouraged ME...I'm goin home.. 
i swear to god i never do anything right. i feel like shit.  this is going to be another bad day i think. 
I swear to god if we could run cars on snot we would never have to worry again. Urghh i hate having a cold right as soon as summer begins 
I swear to jebus if he does something stupid imma raise him from the dead and kick his ass. 
i swear today has been the shittest day of my life.  cakey get better soon! X
I swear, getting past 5 minutes is Impossible on left 4 dead survival 
I swear, if something bad can happen yo agadore, it will. I need to get him a crash test dummy suit for christs sake! 
I swear, my mom must hide my things from me when I'm away at college. I can't find my blender anywhere and I really want a milkshake! 
I swear, now my dog is having anxiety issues.  
I swear, the korean ent. industry should just open their own hospital what with all the injuries and accidents they get into..Jinnie ah 
i swear. everytime i eat cereal i have to sneeze. oh  drag me to work  i just want to get some sun and sleep....
I swearrr I hate PE! 
i sweat 3 times a week for my body, 6 times a week for my soul...  and they both still need work 
I switched my morning shift tomorrow for Wednesday. AWESOME. Now I can SLEEP after tonight. 
I synced tvshows from the istore to my touch and now I can't find them. Itunes def said touch had video on it before I unplugged 
I take credit for @cnords staying in. Sorry 
I take it back no more show 
I take it back. The band have just done a salsa version of A Message To You Rudie. Not quite right with the salsa beat 
I take it that no one wants to sponsor me to get faster broadband! Parents will only pay for slow as hell &quot;1mb&quot; (800kb) connection 
I take my food update back...everything was eatable BUT the soup!the 1 thing I've been wanting the last 4 days tastes like dirty water! 
I take my last tweet back, I have no one to walk with 
I take that back, apparently it's just my room 
I take that back. My jaw AND my neck hurt 
I take that back...they are hot  wat a letdown!!
I taste of chlorine  
I tell him today! :S it's his last day 
i tell you, CALDA PIZZA really sucks! i just got my money wasted! 
I TEXT U THE OTHER DAY I GETS NO LOVE R WHAT  @MrWiggins22
i the spotlight always gives you stagefright  you're just a little camera shy, but you're still a star
I thin she is sending Jake home. She thinks he's too perfect.   #bachelorette
I thing I may be the most impatient person in the world. 
I think #DavidArchuleta's band members should twitter.They'd be really funny! Missing them. 
i think @addikshun lied she's not &quot;back&quot;  lying ass
I think @biggiesu wins the #mostpatientpersonintheworld award. 
I think @ciaobellame15 has a drinking problem 
i think @EUBexico hates me 
I think @morganpressel blocked me LOL! 
i think @pcarty fell asleep on me...  hahaa at tracys. swim at 6.. fml.
I think @saferdays is a butthead. 
I think a batch of wasps or bees is setting up a nest over my front door. Time for an exterminator visit, I think. 
I think a bike ride is on the cards today, maybe to Hampstead Heath. Is this soup really going to take 3hrs to cook!?  must be patient.
i think a bug flew into my computer. eww. i cant get him out now 
I think a homeless person took a bath in my mouth while I was sleeping 
I think about so much things. And that makes me sad 
I think after that little spider incident a few minutes ago, my days of sitting on the floor with laptop are over 
i think after these 2 summer classes i'm gonna hate school...for the first time  my first day in and i'm already getting my butt kicked
I think all the changes in R's schooling are getting to her today.  Very weepy and needy.  Poor kid 
I think all the sweater vests at F21 are all extinct.  I can't find them anymore. 
I think Brett is more immature since going to college 
i think bwian got me sickieeee 
I think camping is goin to have to be reschedualed  mann y did everyone have to get a job this week
I think Charlotte has chicken pox 
I think crystal is sick  poor doggy!
I think Devan fell asleep 
I think Diet Dr Pepper + oddly shaped animal crackers = indigestion...::blech::... 
I think dinner might be nearly ready 
I think dis is my worst poopoo day.  haha
I think disabling a password on iPhone before the update will save you a restore  #wtf #iPhone #iPhone3.0
I think everybody is gone  Im going to watch So u think u can dance? :: read u tomorrow take care xoxo I didn't find part2 of Brians video
I think everyone but me is out in the sun.  No tweets for hours, no phonecalls at work since about 2pm, no emails at all today.  
I think everyone is at the beach except for me 
I think everything is already sold out  NO!
I think Family Guy jumped the shark by having lauren conrad on the show..i'm very disappointed 
I think Fat Cat might be sick. She's barely touching her food.   Going to the vet first thing tomorrow when they open.
i think fr. jeff's Boston speakers might be on their last leg  they've had a good long life!  thanks @jeffpoirot
I think Frank Mullen is wearing Lugz in the spread in the latest Decibel 
i think god hates me :/ once i'm happy, he's taking my hapiness away faster than anything else 
i think god secretly wants to kill me through my beautiful creative recreation shoes. 
I think Gtalk posting functions are down right now 
I think half my patients are healthier than I am right now! 
I think have a kidney infection  I just want to be sleeping in some air conditioned place in a nice bed with popsicles and snuggles.
I think he is ignoring me 
I think hes gone... 
I think I acctuley have no goto school tomorrow  crreepy sounds out my window right now!!!!!!!!!!
i think i am allergic to jalapenos.  the skin on my hands is very irritated and red! ouuuch 
I think i am back, omg timed out AGAIN god this so aint healthy 
I think I am becoming a snob  I totally pretended I didn't recoginise an old school friend on the bus because she is a down and out 
I think I am finally getting sick, my head hurts, my nose is stopped up, and I have slept all afternoon 
I think I am getting a cold 
I think i am getting fat. 
I think I am getting sick  Having a sore throat sucks!! Taking Dalton to the Dallas Zoo for the first time ever!! He will be 6mo on monday
I think i am getting sick...  It always starts with the sore throat!
i think i am going to cry  happy tears tho, but sad too.
I think I am going to start my antiaging stuff....because I am starting to get two little wrinkles between my eyes where I squinch 
I think I am gonna be sick 
i think i am gonna have a bad monday! 
I think I am having a case of caffeine overdose  Having a headache now after the second cup of coffee
I think I am having a sick relapse   #fb
I think I am officially dying now, body aches, I could barely get out of bed 
I think I am really swearing off meat now.  I just saw the mini cows 
I think I ate something in the last 24-36 hours to upset his tummy. Poor guy's been farting all day and crying terribly.  DAMN IT!
I think i ate the wrong thing again  having runs all morning
I think I ate too much candy 
I think I ate too much chilis, stomachache..... 
I think I ate too much soy sauce today because man am I thirsty! Sooo saltyy! 
I think i been living under a rock 
i think i better end this i cnt talk to me self all nightt  ill wait 5 mins http://www.blogtv.com/People/Paiige_
i think i better sleep 
i think i broke my camera  but i dont know.
I think I broke my computer speakers.... 
i think i broke my finger it sucks cheer was extra hard today 
I think i broke my foot!    it hurts like a mother !$#%er!!!
I think I broke my iPhone charger 
I think I broke my kettle  cold coffee!
I think I broke my throat by shouting at the tv. 
I think I broke my toe 
I think I broke my toe. 
I think I broke my toe. Haf is having to cook dinner. I hope it doesn't impede my healing  /sadandswolen
i think i broke, or at least sprained my thumb!  dont ask me how, but it happened
I think i broked iTunes, whenever i try to play something it crashes 
i think i broked my finger. and it is YOUR fault 
I think I burnt today in the sun 
I think I can hear my backbone cracking now! Bachaaaaaao! 
i think i can't watch the mtv movie awards...  but i'll try it and  go twilight (;
I think I caught the fever...I'm freezing !!! 
I think I could sleep ALL dayyyy if I didn't have to work 
I think I cried in my sleep last night, but I can't remember what I was dreaming about. 
I think I dislocated my shoulder 
I think I don't have chocolate and that makes me feel even sadder 
I think I drinked too much soda 
i think i drunk too much last night!! 
I think I eat too many chilly... 
I think I failed the UPCAT mock test 
I think I failed todays exam 
I think I forgot how to be single  but im havin a great time figuring it outtt!
I think I found the cause of the headaches of death... my fish oil pills. Now if I could get rid of the headache right now. 
I think I gained a gazillion pounds. OH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I need a weighing machine now. How? 
i think i got a concussion last night. my head hurt... 
I think I got a sunburn yesterday that actually is making me sick   Totally worth it for a pool day though!!!
I think i got burned by a jalapino. 
I think I got my ass kicked on that test 
i think i got my dad a bad fathers day gift  
i think i got sick. and i feel very bad today 
I think I got stood up 
i think i got sun brune 
I think i got sun burnt though 
I think I got the dog sick. Poor thing. 
I think I gots the swine... or something I feel like total and complete SHIT. Stil @ school...momma was not having it this morning 
i think i had one too many cupcakes today 
I think I had too much pizza at Trivia 
i think i has a sick kitty she keeps puking poor girl  #squaredspace
I think I hate Harry Potter..
I think I have a cold coming 
i think i have a cold, and i can't have any medicine for it  baby might get dizzy or something
i think i have a headache 
I think I have a peptic ulcer... man... this sucks... and it hurts  booo
I think I have a permanent limp now 
i think i have a slight obsession with a book  x
i think I have a stomach virus. Make it stop 
I think i have a working diff amp! Now for the oscillator.. 
I think I have accidentally gotten myself a ride home from a crackhead 
I think I have an ear infection, going to the doctor tomorrow for it 
i think i have an ear infection. 
i think i have an infection on my chin  boo
I think I have an ulcer thingy in my mouth  bring on the bonjela !
i think i have artheritis in my wrists  they hurt.
I think i have carpel tunnel.  lol
I think I have dry sockets...woke up in a lot of pain 2day!  Wtf  
I think I have eaten enough today to be 1st reserve for Stavros Flately 
I think I have figured out ANOTHER reason why I hate shopping... it's my handbag... it's so damn heavy!!!!  kills my back!
I think I have food poisoning  staying in then girl talk with Sarah at midnight.
i think i have glass in my thumb 
I think I have hayfever. Not sure due to wearing next to nothing in horrific weather on wed. 
i think i have heart burn because my heart hurts  and im not thinking about any boys o.O
I think i have lost my voice 
I think i have something wrong with me were i cant sleep in its annoying  -Rachel 
I think I have the baby bird warm now. I'll have to stay up all night making sure it's still warm. Its head looks like it's been bleeding 
i think i have the flu  im all achy!
I think I have the fluâ€¦my throat hurtsâ€¦ 
I think I have to put some make up on...first time since four or five days. But I dontÂ´t feel like it... 
I think I have to stop ignoring the 2 foot pile of clothes to be ironed 
I think I have Tonsillitis again 
I think I have vertigo... 
I think I hear more complaints about @youtube than good things  (But I secretly still love you @youtube. shh)
I think I heard someone outside but am too scared to check 
I think I injured my hand, or at least my pinky  I get WAYYYY too into my Wii Bowling. Yikes.
I think I jinxed myself! Darnnnnnnn 
i think i just bombed bio  i really hope i dont have to retake it..1 more today and thursday..
I think I just broke a toe. I'm NOT kidding. And it sucks, cause I have a five-mile/one hour running goal tomorrow. 
I think I just broke my hand.  How can i still be such a klutz? 
i think i just failed my history quiz 
I think i just got my first pimple EVER... Thanks Regents!!! 
I think I just killed my iPhone 
I think I just lost a friend. But at least I had one last good few days to remember her by. 
i think i just put in a load of laundry without laundry tablets or fabric softener 
I think i just ran over a rat. I've never hit an animal before 
I think I just saw a guido... I fear for my dear rave scene.  
I think I killed my guitar amp  Plug broke off in the headphone socket and now amp thinks headphones are plugged in constantly 
I think I killed Twitter.  Everything got quiet.  
I think I know what happened to all those unsold Sony Mylo's - they got turned into PSP GO!'s  #e3
I think i know whats missing in my life  a small dog i can keep in my hand bag.
I think I know why I cant sleep lately....I want some DryIceCanKill 
I think I left my phone in Kayley's jacket 
i think i liked my jailbroken iphone better before i downloaded OS 3. quickpwn, pls release 3.0 jailbreak soon! 
I think I look a lot tanner after the fishing... sitting under the hot sun, it's inevitable. Pat is still as pale as ever! 
I think I lose 3 books, which might be kept by friends. Since summer's here, have no way to find/take 'em back.  I miss my books 
I think I lost all my pics off my phone 
I think I lost my best friend today...feeling blue 
i think i lost my fanfiction inspiration 
I think I lost my lucky guitar pick from ryan adams again 
I think I lost my mind bcuz I can't remember where I put my lucky bracelet 
I think I lost some followers this weekend.. hope they were just spam... something tells me they weren't.. 
i think i made a  mistake talking to ex on skype video chat, old wounds, i am too emotional for my own  good...i miss her 
I think I made a horrible decision to start grad school in summer....really burnt out already! 
I think i made myself sick 
i think i made the wrong decision. Now my girlfriend is pissed at me and I cant do anything to make it better. 
i think i made them sad.  FML!!! :'(
I think I may be anemic.  I don't think my legs are supposed to spontaneously bruise after jogging. 
I think I may be done with @pottercast. 
i think i may be in trouble... 
I think I may cry. I just sold my 97 civic. Its no longer mine. 
I think I may have actually damaged my wrist the other night beating up Frost.  It hasn't quite been the same since... 
I think I may have another kidney stone.  Dull, mild ache in myleft side. Had to leave PEERS early
i think I may have broken my finger! 
I think I may have frozen my butter by accident. 
I think I may have jinxed her 
I think I may have ruin my appetite for meat forever  hope it's just a bug I'm getting
I think I may have to take a sick day  anyone have a good soup recipe?
I think I may hve OD on twitter 2day...im not gettn my tweets 
I think i messed up his order tho. Shoot. 
I think I met my soul mate today...But I will probably never see him again 
i think i might be depressed.. like not just today, but like seriously depressed.. idk what to do 
i think i might be getting sick!  swine flu! D:
I think I might be sensitive to chocolate again. Waaaaah. 
i think i might be sick? 
I think I might go play sims3? maybe take a nap? have to work at 4.. 
I think I might have been hacked! 
I think I might have swine 
I think I might have to hide my phone when I've had a drink! I sent a text to my son that wasn't meant for him! 
i think i might hit the hay pretty soon because barely anyone is talking to me. 
i think i might like my twitter app...twidroid wasnt alertin me anymore 
I think I might like Twiterfon better than Tweetie now. Recent upgrades from Twiterfon have been great! None from Tweetie 
i think i might miss the static-x gig(meh), i feel abit weird about being close to people(double meh) I lack the sleep.  I lack teh pepsi 
i think i might of dislocated my pelvis. again. it is so painful 
I think i might throw up 
i think i mimic my sister's sleep patterns when she's not here 
i think i miss highschool. this isnt the first time i had a dream where i was back in it. 
I think I missed @ItsOnAlexa 
I think I need a FOTC breather!  all these newsfeeds about who they met &amp; how great the audience was is makin me sad! I want to go back!
I THINK I NEED A NAP  I CAN'T TAKE THIS BOREDOM NO MORE!!!
I think I need a new hard drive for my laptop... 
i think I need a new job 
i think i need a new phone....  my old sidekick II is starting to die on me... 
I think I need a new power source for my computer 
I think i need a pet... cuando tenia mi gallito era tan feliz 
I think i need a real good rest, been sick for 2 weeks liao 
I think I need a sleep aide medication. 
I think I need a visit from Richard Simmons. 100 calorie treats would be great if I only ate one a day, but I don't.  
I think I need anger management. 
I think I need more memory in my laptop   http://twitpic.com/6q1ae
I think I need to get laid. Sad revolution I had earlier rofl 
I think I need to get laid. Sad revolution I had earlier rofl  http://twurl.nl/ibz2wb
I think I need to go back to school, I feel that I have lost a lot of knowledge since I graduated. 
I think i need to go put my electric blankets on and get ready for the Gossip Girl season final... Wish my headache would go away 
I think i need to have someone fix my back properly... I hate Drs 
I think I need to learn how much is to much drinking a lot is bad  I been sick all day
I think I need to start phasing wheat out of my diet except for the sprouted stuff for the most part  even the homemade stuff is bad now.
I think I need to teach Germany about bacon 
I think I need to unfollow @thinkgeekspam . It's not that the spam is annoying, just that I keep seeing all these cool things I want. 
I think I need to weld my ring onto my finger.. Every time I look down it's gone 
I think I needa stop buying clothes online. Money is decreasing from my account. 
I think I officially have hayfever. not hugely sure but I cannot stop sneezing 
I think I only missed one person... Because she left  well, if I missed you... Sorry!
I think I overdid it yesterday. 
i think i over-watered my thyme  it's not looking too good. but my jalapeno plant is going strong. still waiting on lavender to sprout.
I think i pinched something in my neck. 
I think I pissed my boss off 
I think I pulled a muscle in my ankle, great more ice 
I think i pulled a muscle on my neck 
I think I pulled something in yoga this week 
i think i put too much mousse in my hair 
I think I reached the end of Pandora  It stopped playing and won't reload the page. Super sad panda faceâ€¦
I think I regret buying a #macbook.. I can't figure out how to transfer my stuff from my external drive to it 
i think i rocked it... But wont win 
I think I seriously have insomnia 
I think I should actually do some work tomorrow. Maybe even a blog update. Really, I'll want to sleep and take pictures. Alone. 
I think i should be alone for awhile .. i want a lot ..   
I think I should go to sleep   ....  zzzzzzZ
I think i should go to sleep considering i hav to b up on 3hrs.... 
I think i should go to sleep... its 1:24 AM and i need to start studying for exams tomorrow  BYE peoples
I think I should stay away from gambling for a while. 
I think i shut my finger in a door or something. My finger has been infected for a couple days, and now the infection's under my nail! 
I think I slept weird...my neck has been hurting all day. 
I think I spoke 2 soon abt my (non) sickness  sometimes I think I'm stronger than I actually am. Someone baby me!!! I don't feel good..
I think I sprained my ankle.  I hope it rains all day so practice gets cancelled.
i think i sprained something on my foot 
I think I sprang my wrist  it hurts soooo bad 
I think i started to hate Da Vinci Code just because it has gathered the lamest people in cinema.
I think I stuffed up 
i think i sunburnt my knees. 
I think I tweet this every week, but yeah, I am in my Saturday class again. 
I think I want an iPhone but I hate At&amp;t with everything in me, the service here sucks! 
I think I want to get my hair cut. Wanted it long for the wedding, but it's getting to be quite unruly. 
I think i was sodomized in my sleep. My butt hurts. Worst part is they didnt yell surprise. 
i think i will have a perm tan line where my sunglasses sit Happy Fathers Day to all the fathers out there its a bittersweet day for me 
I think I will have to pull an all nighter tonight 
i think i will kill my teacher right now..im in class and i hate MBA 
I think I woke up on the wrong side of the bed 
i think i won't be able to sleep so good tonight. and i'm scared. 
I think Iâ€™ve lost my copy ofÂ The Great Gatsby.  Have you seen it? http://tumblr.com/xf323p9jx
I think if I don't get a really good paying job soon, I might have to postpone the Japan trip 
I think i'll go for a shower. then revise English lit...but secretly...i've no idea how to  Do i just keep reading? HELP!
I think i'll go to bed now (: I'm hungry though..i'm always hungry 
i think i'll go to bed. i'm dizzy 
I think I'll have a grapple this morning.....I still miss my dog 
i think i'll not tweet anymore when school starts 
I think I'll play around with my dreamwidth account more when I have time... will have to go soon 
I think im a fatty in a skinny person's body. I see a krispy kreme &amp; cant help myself, i have to go in 
I think I'm a little sick 
I think I'm about to break a nail.........  lol hahaha
I tHINK Im aCCIDENTALLy IN love!!!   i DoNT KNOW what To dO!!!
I think I'm allergic to eel  it's my fave type of sushi too 
I think I'm allergic to food! Everytime I eat it makes me sick.  This is not good I really like food
I think I'm allergic to la.. My eyes have been itching/ watering alll day  just watched a scaary but great flick- &quot;Taken&quot;
I think I'm an emotional wreck... I can't sleep 
I think I'm catching a cold  even though it's 70 degrees outside
I think I'm catching something  can't fall asleep because of this big, stupid headache I've had all day.
I think I'm coming down w/ a cold. 
I think I'm coming down with a cold  oh that's no fun.
I think I'm coming down with a sore throat....   I hope not.   I need more rest and less stress.  Good night
I think I'm coming down with either a sinus infection or a head cold. Not good timing.  I need to take a dose of NyQuil at lunch.
i think i'm confused and worried - need a strong coffee and a smoke! will venture back to twitterverse later - is it all my fault? OMG 
I think I'm dead  not feeling well
I think I'm def going to need an assistant on June 13th 
I think I'm definitely in a funk  
I think I'm depressed 
I think I'm developing an eating disorder...  Like I'm hungry but for some reason I just can't swallow the food... O.o
I think I'm developing lockjaw.  It's making eating my doughnuts remarkably difficult 
I think I'm disgusted. Have we been blacklisted at Bob's?  Maybe not.
I think I'm done with driving for the day... I've hit 2 birds and a squirrel 
I think I'm dust.... Burnt down! Too hot.. 
i think i'm falling apart... 
i think im falling in love but the person in question is miles awy 
I think I'm feeling down cuz Nikki is moving away for college soon. 
I think I'm finally going to have to face the fact I've lost my last 3 Netflix DVDs, pay up and move on so I can quit getting charged 
i think i'm gay 
I think im gettin a cold 
I think im gettin a headache from lack of sleep and liqor... 2 hours and 35 mins 
I think I'm getting a bug 
I think I'm getting a cold  at least the sore throat is gone.
I think I'm getting a migraine 
I think I'm getting a new cold before I have completely recovered from the last one - renewed sneezing today 
I think i'm getting an ear infection 
I think i'm getting sick   must buy airborne tommorow!!
I think I'm getting sick  I feel like crud. Damn.
I think I'm getting sick :/ I keep sneezing and coughing  this isn't good
i think i'm getting sick again 
i think i'm getting sick ughh 
I think I'm getting sick... My throat has been hurting for 2 days now and I keep coughing 
I think I'm getting sick... Not again 
I think im getting sick... So not cool 
I think Im getting sickkkkkkkkkkk my throat iZ sore  ....I thought it waz my allergies 
I think I'm goin back to bed...no he,no me 2nite  .....Always focused on ya focus.....love it. :  )
I think i'm going blind literally! My eyes hurt  no redness or swell though.
i think im going crazy... like literally... its rather depressing... 
i think im going insane 
i think i'm going off already  need to go study + later got tuition! ARGH. hate school man!  anyw i have a follower you know! haha. bye
i think i'm going through rent withdraw. 
I think im going to bed now 
I think I'm going to brave sonic by myself...I want a slushie. 
I think i'm going to cry... My ipod won't play sara bareilles.                          
I think im going to die a slow and painful death of allergies 
I think I'm going to have to put my dog down 
I think I'm going to hit the shower shortly. Might have a sandwich, first. Wish I had some salami 
I think I'm going to miss earth fest 
I think i'm going to start crying on the last day of every class in school, just cause ima dork like that. I probably will on Tuesday... 
I think I'm going to start recording songs and put them on tumblr. Plz don't laff 
I think I'm going to try and head to my bed in a few minutes. I still feel not so good. I'm hydrated, but my mind is still... 
I think i'm going to vomit everywhere  work is killing me.
I think I'm gonna be sick. 
i think im gonna cry again.  2 Grand!
I think I'm gonna curse Millie out today. He didn't call me last night. 
i think i'm gonna go to bed now, early, but i'm so tired!!  Goodnight everyone &lt;3
I think I'm gonna have a Tupac movie night after work since its his birthday. 
I think I'm gonna have to send the TBI (twitter bureau of investigation) out looking for @jordanknight too.. I miss his tinks 
I think I'm gonna have to take out my nose stud permanently  it's too much of a hassle having to take it out all the time for work 
i think i'm gonna hurl. i'm not feeling so well now. 
I think i'm gonna miss the first round of jeopardy, and possibly double jep too. 
i think I'm gonna read a bit, classes will resume very soon 
I think I'm gonna rest a day or two to prepare for the upcoming tests and the troublesome project as well 
I think im gonna stay home today, i feel awful! 
i think im gonna study for my marine biology exam  hahah
I think I'm gonna try 2 start cleaning once a week so it won't be such a chore   bout 2 curl up w/ a good book like @miawoods2005.
i think i'm gonna watch some disney movie... i'm sooo bored 
i think im grounded but im not sure?? 
i think im gunna get up now 
I think I'm gunna have to go sit down in the kitchen to study cause my back is killing me the now sat on my bed 
i think i'm having a cold. 
I think I'm having fever 
I think i'm hungry again  - http://tweet.sg
i think im hungry, hmm cant b botherd making dinner ah well 
I think Im ill 
I think I'm ill 
I think I'm in danger of running out of money on this trip 
I think I'm in love with him... 
I think I'm in Love. But I'll deny it till the End. ...I just hope it never ends. 
I think I'm interesting, but people disagree 
I think I'm just going to start a new torrent :/ megaupload link will be available soonish. 
I think I'm lactose intolerent  help me.
i think im losing my voice 
I think i'm losing my voice 
I think Im losing you 
I think I'm making a love square 
I think I'm missing Reese.  He left for a church camp yesterday morning, it's weird without him at home.
i think i'm more into beginnings and middles but less interested in ends. i hate this. 
I think I'm on my 73rd Popsicle  pain pain go awayyyy!!! Watching Royal Pains USA's new summer show- love it!
i think i'm out of lines from Nacho 
I think I'm over compensating for my loose weave last time by making this one too tight! 
i think i'm over twitter lol no one tweets me 
i think im ready for a man now.im kinda lonely. 
I think I'm ready for bed now. tonights waterworks mean that I'm gonna wake up with puffy eyes FTL 
I think I'm ready to lay in bed and watch a movie.  Long day and nothing really got accomplished 
i think i'm regret with my score. not too makes me satisfied 
i think i'm sickkkk  pilek mampet batuk. hhhh going to extra rests...
i think im sicky.  im super tired, don't have much desire to eat, &amp; my head is burning up. oh noes  good thing it didn't happen last wk?
I think I'm starting to realise it now 
i think im staying in tonight 
i think im still drunk... 
i think i'm still entitled to teen angst. sure, i'm not a 14 year old boy, but my father still pisses me off and i still need bright eyes 
I think I'm still suffering from boulder friend withdrawal.      where are my dear visitors?
I think i'm suffering from insomnia! I can't sleeep at all, walao! 
I think I'm sunburned 
i think im sunburnt  im freeeeeezzing cold!
I think I'm the only d0rk hanging out online on a Saturday night. 
i think i'm the shittiest online scavenger hunt team member ever 
I think I'm too dumb to apply for Realise Your Dream 
I think im up too early 
i think ima go to bed.  sam is tired
i think ima just go to summer school  and get my shit done cuz i dont wanna gap my education what cha think?
I think Im'a restart my laptop. Msn just doesnt want to work 
I ThiNk iN AcCIDENTAllY iN Love!!! 
I think it is a wrap heat fans  maybe next year.
i think it looks shite 
I think it stopped raining....but everything is soaked and muddy 
I think it sucks that some peepz press the remove as follower button 
I think it was a girl who got a weave for the first time. and that is painful. 
I think it was probably a mistake to start playing #WoW again.  It's no fun by yourself. 
i think it would be the best if we had a break..  sorry..
I think it's a serious condition this playing wow.  I think I need a break but I can't stand the thought of them being there without me !
I think it's a VERY early to bed night tonight. Having a hard time keeping my eyes open and it's only 545pm. 
I think it's awfully inconsiderate to be late for someone who's not allowed to eat. 
I think it's bed time for Monnie. Sigh no sex 
I think its bed time. Still debating whether or not I can/should go to Coby's tomorrow for the spin. Too much to do.  Played hookey today.
I think its bedtime community service at 7:30 
I think it's best that if we hang out, it's with other people. I really don't want to mess up a great thing I have with kevin. I'm sorry! 
I think its dumb that the speed limit drops 5 mph at night! 
I think its eating too much food rather than too much drink that's making me feel kinda icky right now.  
I think its finally hitting me that I'm leaving James Watson halls forever, thats quite sad, I like my room here 
I Think Its Finally Time To Shut Off The Computer &amp;&amp; Turn My Phone Off For The Rest Of The Night.. I Have A Bad Feeling About Something 
I think its going to be another early night for me. This headache just won't stop. 
I think it's going to rain again... 
i think its hard for me to leave Bali for the next 2 days.. I'm so deep in love.. 
I think it's June gloom all over the world. 
I think it's needless to say that ambient/chillout/downtempo music, call it whatever U like, is so much underrated 
i think its pathetic how some companies (ie the one i work for) treat their employees. there was no need to do what they did  i love gemma
I think it's raining  I need to clean the house, go to the supermarket and to the gym.. trying to avoid the rain... : P
I think it's ridiculous to bring a toddler to the movie theaters at 11 PM..what do they do?  They cry all night..not cool... 
I think its rude for people to call other people sickening...   hahaha boo you dez
I think it's safe to say that in the battle against me and the mosquitoes last night, that the mosquitoes certainly won 
I think its the lack of sleep. Out of milk for coffee  @Miss__Anne
I think its time for a new BlackBerry my trackball is stalling 
I think it's time for bed. Back to study tomorrow, holidays are over for this layabout 
i think its time for bed..especially since i have to be at work at 8am..i dont wannaaaaa 
i think its time to go sleep the dayy off...my lips hurt really bad from sunflower seeds 
i think it's time to put another blanket on my bed. i'm cold 
I think it's time to say goodbye to the Denver Nuggets. 
I think it's tragic that Python Magazine's URL is http://pymag.phparch.com/ and the site's running on PHP 
I think it's unfair that my mom is going to the movies and I don't!!   (She's gonna see 'The Propasal' )
I think Ive become immune to nyquil. Wish I was at Wish with all my friends.    Oh well, stay home one night... Live to party the next!
I think I've been bit by the same mosquito 3 times today 
i think i've been relaxing too much...! hoooowww like that?  but at least no work tmr.. hohoho!
I think I've been walking too much.  Have this huge blister that hurts like hell on my right foot making it difficult to walk 
I think Ive buggered up my mobile  ack. I am a stubborn arse and refuse to get a new one.
I think I've decided to downgrade back to @Ubuntu 8.10.  Sorry, 9.04, but you just let me down! 
I think I've got a cold... Or really bad hayfever 
I think I've got indigestion. Got an awful stomach ache 
I think I've got medial tibial syndrome.  Sucks how CFS/ME etc make one so prone to getting just about any medical condition.
I think ive got sun stroke 
I think I've got swine flu. 
i think ive just eaten dog meat....dying for a proper roast dinner-spain dont do them 
i think i've over estimated the time i had to lie in 
I think I've overplayed my favourite CDs, International Superhits is skipping now, too. 
I think i've said too much to someone, knowing v well how close minded she is. How?  - http://tweet.sg
I think Jordans found a new way of making Pete's life a living hell as well as using Harvey as a pawn in her sick game 
I think Keith left 
I think Laptops hate me.. Boo  Slowly but surely getting the dancing site updated inbetween BSOD's every few bloody minutes  haha
i think mark still fancies abbie 
i think matchin linen pants and shirts is a easy out for men..not cute. try a little harder guys.REALLY! 
I think Mattie should prob. start planting her trees in support of the squirrels...  Workin  my life away 
i think maybe im grounded lol 
I think maybe they're forgotten me again. 
I think MC's the only school that didn't get suspended after having 3 positive students. I HATE MC. WHYYYY. 
i think Miley's mad at me 
I think Miss Marple is going to solve the murder before I do 
I think mother isn't very pleased that I have an iPhone 
I think moving brings out the worst in some people.. 
I think my 20/20 eyesight has deteriorated. Noooo 
i think my adorable sewing machine hates me 
I think my air conditioner has been running nonstop since i got home 
I think my appendix is hurting? Well, something hurts. 
I think my bed is callin me to tell me a nap is in order  &lt;~Mrs. Stone~&gt;
I think my beta is about to kick the bucket. 
I think my body might revolt on this triathlon training... Gotta be up early for chiro too 
I think my brother really really damaged my big toe... 
I think my car is allergic to &quot;V-Power&quot;! Keeps jerkin n ish! Screw you @landis91! Buy me a big ass bottle of benedryl! I see hives! 
I think my cheap sunglasses are falling apart. Oh well 
I think my Christopher Pyne &quot;joke&quot; was a failure. 
I think my closet friend dont even care about me  , got boypren no friend.
I think my computers battery died for good. 
i think my computer's dead 
I think my crush is mad at me  damn i dnt want him to be mad.
I think my current hard drive knows of the replacement that sits in a box on the desk...it is making loud noises 
i think my dad threw away my art project!  it was my favorite one and one i probably still needed
I think my daddy is muy mad at me. 
I think my day is FML worthy today 
I think my DD may be done with baby food  she just ate a chicken nugget and french fries with no problem I am sad
I think my digital camera is dead. 
I think my Dixie-dog might be loosing her hearing.  I hope I'm wrong about this one. #fb
I think my dog has a little bit of a cold. 
I think my dog has arthritis. 
I think my dog needs a shrink.  
I think my face might fall off with hayfever today 
i think my family hates me they are having this tendensy to keepwaking me up every 4 hrs. and the birds outside are helping the cause 
i think my favourite pokka green tea with honey and lemon is being discountinued.. damn you safeway 
I think my feet would feel better if i was barefoot walking on the concrete instead of with my shoes 
i think my figures and toes have frostbite  so damn cold
i think my flatiron is dead 
I think my foot is not getting any better   (and I'm not sure if I logged out of the phone when I finally left this afternoon)
I think my forehead is growing! Head hurts too bad hrs of pain 
i think my gf has died 
i think my gf's phone is on its last leg 
I think my guinea pig has lice. 
I think my hair looks best at night and that sucks because nobody is around to see it 
i think my hands look crinkly  gosh.
I think my heart just broke 
I think my husband hates me lol  http://myvid.me/4JU0
i think my ical is broken 
i think my ipod died forever 
I think my i-pod is cheating on me with my cell phone...guess that proves technology ruins love... 
i think my ipod is sick  it doesn't want to connect to any wi-fi . . .
I think my iPod just died 
I think my iPood has died 
I think my laptop died last night 
i think my laptops backlight has died oh noes! 
I think my laptop's burner is broken. I suppose that after two years with absolutely nothing going wrong with it, I was due. 
I think my mother forgot about me   She never called me back :-/
I think my MP3 player is finally after snuffing itself. RIP 
i think my muse deserted me 
I think my new obsession is gonna be painting my nails. Like every 2 days. Chipping already 
I think my phone has officially bit the dust. 
i think my phone is acting up!    please last till july!
I think my phone is dead.  
I think my plants are confused by the extremes in weather. My parsley is not looking good 
I think my poor daughter won't be able to go to school tomorrow.  so sick.    STUPID COLDS.
I think my poor laptop needs a restart...its dragging. 
I think my portable hard drive is going out.  I can't open a file saved on it 
i think my power adapter for my MacBook Pro got fried... 
I think my pre-exam panic is setting in. Oh. My. God I hope I don't fail tomorrow  (fyi it's commercial law tomorrow afternoon).
I think my printer is broken. 
I think my puppy has allergies 
I think my puppy is sick  Walmart with DC
I think my Sims 2 friends would be upset if they knew I'm starting to like Sims 3 better. 
I think my son will have that same prob. Hubs dances like a frog in a blender. But kiddo is limber tho -like I was once   @emeraldjaguar
I think my stomach is digesting itself, but I'm sick so don't feel like eating 
I think my stomach is upset for the second time in the week 
i think my throat is hurting from putting on the &quot;good afternoon i'm calling from rl supplies..&quot; voice 
I think my toe is broken.  
I think my train conductor has seen after days  cheer up, miss.
I think my twidroid is broken. 
I think my twitter no work  so if your trying to reach me try another way.
I think my TwitterBerry is broken 
I think my USB stick died on me 
I think my vitamins are breaking my skin out?! 
I think my webcam hates me.. 
I think my whole family is burnt out.  everyones tired.
I think my wireless router is dieing 
I think no I demand me, @ay_meee and @MikeWike plan a hangout day! one in which I can attend 
I think not!! http://twitpic.com/7mrei 
i think now i really bad at control my emotion..suddenly mad, sad, shame, disappointed etc 
i think one of the tubes in my amp is out. where's the cheapest place to fix this? never had to replace on before. 
I think Oprah and an extremely negative show 
I think our coffee pot died 
I think poor little D'Arcy (cat) is missing Harvey (dog) he just looks at us with sad eyes &amp; isn't eating. He misses his buddy 
I think RENT / Brokeback Mountain might be pretty awkward and awful together.....
I think Sharon is going to kill me  
I think Sid hates me now. 
I think since i moved i'm getting worse at rock band... 
i think smoking should become legal .. the only thing is .. they're going to tax the shit out of it  what should America do?
I think so  re: http://ff.im/3Cdsp
I think social services have come to see B  *worried*
I think somebody's (me) got a bad case of the Mondays. 
I think someone hacked into my account  oh well, it's a beautiful day!!!
I think someone hacked into my twitter and may of posted some things  I'm cleaning the room and becoming sick  not a good saturday
I think someone is mad at me ...... 
I think someone just doesn't like me  I must know why...
I Think Someone Just Got Shot Down The Street...Yikes 
i think someone that was a friend and apart of my life has gone today, he threatened Suicide earlier.  most of all i hope he's okay.
I think something bit me on my jaw... Its itchy 
I think something is wrong with family ria. Had dinner there last nite and was rushed to the toilet just now 
I think something is wrong with my Minolta X700. It makes  funny noises when I'm trying to focus. 
I think somethings wrong with my bunny..  He is moody..
I think somethings wrong with the ac compressor in my car. It's blowing hot air 
I think spring was pink slipped 
I think Stephen Fry's doc about Wagner will be the only one of his I most definitely will NOT be watching! *shudder* poor felix 
I think summer is passing us by 
i think that @taylorswift13 is the best person ever. and even though i can't get much better out of my head..i HATE the song. 
I think that 8 pork tenderloins is overkill for 13 adults + 4 small kids. So much food will go to waste in this beach house when we leave 
I think that Allison should have won ANTM cycle 12 but she didn't so it sux 
I think that because I know who it's involving I wont like it as much  DAMN Why does she have to be in it!
I think that diversity deserved to win. I'm a bit glad that she didn't win because she was begging to thikn more of herself than she was 
I think that green pepper I ate last night was bad.....very bad.... 
I think that having garage sales are good but having to sift through the years of junk in the basement is making me sneeze 
I think that i felt in love with...you dont know me but i know you. you are all the time in my mind... I LOVE YOU.. you are so far away 
i think that i have an ear infection! 
I think that I may not be able ever to contact old school friends 
i think that i miss @MM_Oporto so much  i love you 
I think that i'm bluffing, yay. :/ i want to be a good person agaaaaaaaaaaain  God, can you help me ? :/ x
i think that i'm possibly going to pass out from this stupid swine. 
I think that Laura should hurry up and get here, I've missed the small one! 
I think that Monday + Rain + energetic twins= quite a yucky day! 
I think that my ATI Radeon HD 4870 512MB has left the building.....  strange patterns on the screen........saaaad!!!
I think that since I had been crying so much, my tears have tried out. 
I think that there are immature people everywhere. Gotta  deal with it...ugh 
I think that TweetDeck has some bugs. 
i think that twitter rocks, but perhaps people shldnt  forget about their other pages and update them sometimes too...  missing more info
I Think That Your Loveee Is A Lieee!! 
i think the aircondition is getting to me!.. causing my allegries to act up  i dont like it... but im warming up so its helping
I think the babies would have slept longer if I hadn't gotten up and made noise. 
I think the baby has pink eye  Just got some drops called in
I think the bad luck car streak did spread to me!  both my A/C and my rear defroster seem to be not working   grr
I think the berry is facked that or I got it wet 
I think the book was great but the movie was disappointing. 
i think the chem and applic tests tomorrow are going to rape me 
I think the church bells are clinging for my grandma 
I think the cook at Carls Jr. seasoned my burger with ipecac and a laxative 
I think the daddy got me sick 
I think the devil created VLANs to make an IT guys life miserable  but the Lord prevailed &amp; we conquered #citrt
I think the dog hates me - he wants his walk, I'm still working, he hates me 
I think the dustbunnies 8 my friend.    Either that or the paint monster got her!  Aerosmith setlist party is on.....I am so there!
I think the East Coast is stealin all the good weather 
i think the food i ate made me sick.. i no feel so good 
I think the forums died... 
i think the heat fried my brains today and summer is barely getting started 
I think the idealist in me just died 
I think the Kindle was put on this Earth to torture me since there's no way I can afford it. 
I think the momma abandoned the 2 baby birds that my mom accidentilly discovered on top of a bucket under a mop used to prop up a tarp 
I think the mosquitoes in Florida are taking performance enhancing drugs.  These suckers are HUGE and they hurt 
I think the new neighbours are watching me. The tables have turned and it's not nice 
I think the new people I added to my Mafia Wars family are attacking me... Uncool people, uncool! 
I think the quiz killed the #buzz140 motive and spirit... 
I think the rainy weather has sapped the will to live from me and more than one coworker today... 
I think the reason why I like Disney Channel so much is bc when I was younger I was always skating when it was on... I NEVER got to watch 
I think the storm is making my tv sound all fuzzy or whatever 
I think the time I really start lusting after a #Mac is when I'm forced to use #Windows. Unfortunalty that's every day at the momenrt 
i think the vinegar on my chips has gone off - it smells funny 
i think the vog is making me sicker than i think. feeling slightly achy 
I think the wedding season is getting to me this year.. 
I think the worst thing about today was seeing everyone cry. 
I think there's a whole lot more going on than i know about 
I think there's something wrong with my ipod 
i think they are working why eyes are drooping  its so weird being under drugs i dont like it ... cant wait for tomorrow though
I think they`ll release it tom. or tonight.  They`re encoding it really slow.
i think they're gone. this hurts a lot more than i had anticipated 
I think this bolsters my arguments that both England and the Da Vinci Code sucks...
I think this broke my bb browser 
I think this is gonna be another one of those nights that I'm up until 3.  I'm doing work. HUG ME?
i think this is my last update/s. for now busy i 'am busy to my 2 weeks training. 
I think this might be Dylan's last time wearing his Rocker AB/CD hoodie!  http://yfrog.com/0ylw7j
I think this new song is going to be called shadow. i couldnt think of another title 
I think this stoplight is broken... 
I think today has to be a cleaning and errand day. No other choice when you let things pile up. 
I think today is going to be a slow one, totally knackered from playing football last nite 
I think today might actually be a good day. But I still need to carry around kleenex with me. 
i think tom might be dying too 
i think too much when i'm alone...which is 95% of the time when i'm at school since it's summer and everyone's at home 
I think Trey gave me his plague 
I think Twitter is broke. Not getting my tweets 
I think twitter is down!  I can't get to it online 
i think twitter just stopped on me.. 
I think Twitter search is broke....   Why am I still up anyways?
I think unpacking to pack again may be counter-productive. I miss my washing machine. 
I think we are going to end up with their friend AND his two brothers tomorrow night.  
I think we broke it. Sorry, Collecta. 
I think we complained about the cool weather in June too much...I do not like humidity...especially when mixed with hot!  
i think we got new neighbors... across the street 
I think we have a new gang in our area, teen boys walking around together in black pants &amp; yellow shirts that don't look athletic 
I think we have run out of hot days for a while ... 
I think we hit another drought 
I think we see what they think right now  @sdunn0322 @sissyto4 If this is the way Russia see us, imagine what N Korea and Iran are saying.
I think we're bad luck 
I think when I get to practice I'm gonna lay down. I feel THAT crappy. 
I think, I have a BF who doesnt like to text me....  And I think, I dont mean much to him anymore...
I think, 'm taking too much caffeine 
I think, we'll be out of town on the 16th.  That's @DavidArchie's concert here in Manila! aww.
i think... i just screwed up horribly bad.. 
I think... I think I finished chapter 4? Fuck, that was hard. Now to edit the shit out of it. 
I think... my best friend is my dog :B and i miss my rabbit 
I thinkin 
i thinking about going to bed but i dont no but my socks go up to my knees...why is knees spelt with a k if u dont use it makes no sence 
I Thinking Of You Everytime, but you don't see me !! 
I thnk im seriously sick 
I though the clothes of AW0910 Collection from +9 designers will be there, together with the visual arts, but it is not 
I thought #LinesVinesTryingTimes was being sold at midnight?! #LinesVinesTryingTimes will have to wait till tomorrow I guess 
I thought @stardoll was following me.    they aren't.  Dannnnngggggggggggggg.....
I thought construction workers werent suppose to work saturday. fml! I'd rather them just work friday. I hate living in new construction 
I thought downloading stuff from mysandbox.com was free .. 
i thought duplicity was a really bad movie, almost fell asleep 
I thought earlier that we fixed everything until yurr mom read ourr texts! Now i think were just screweddd! 
I thought hearts on physically hurt when you read Twilight. 
I thought hearts only physically hurt when you read Twilight. 
I thought I could return my 3G and get the 3GS for less, but I was wrong.  You have to be eligible for an upgrade in July, Aug, or Sept.  
I thought I cured my sore throat but its back 
I thought I didn't miss someone but I do. So much 
I thought I escaped, but this &quot;Britney Fucked Vids&quot;-creep is AGAIN following me. Please @Twitter, do something about this d*mn spammers 
i thought i found another tweet from someone who also loved mongolian.. but it was my own 
I thought I got a new Mac today - but I was mistaken since I haven't even touched it yet 
I thought I got rid of my sickness after the first 3 months but its back, back with avengance!!  xx
I thought I had a fly on my arm and was ready to go all Obama on the sucker, but then realised it didn't have wings. Twas a spider. Urgh 
I thought i had found the tape with my elzhi shoutout on from 2003...turns out it's just college work 
I thought I had glittery powder in my hair because it seemed sparkly. Turns out, it's just grey. 
i thought i just heard him call me from his room 
I thought I Lost him  ...Its the worst feeling in the world When your watching someone you Love Almost Die right in front of you !
I thought I loved him age dosent matter to me. But it seems to matter to everyone else 
I thought I said &quot;Go away&quot;...  why are you still here, Thoughts?  
I thought i saw that i had one more follower when i switched tabs but it was all an illusion... 
I thought i ve been livin for 22yrs in this planet. . . . But i ve no memory of the first 4/5yrs of my life. . . . 
i thought i was done with the tears  byebye twitter.
I thought I was going to get a night to myself for once. Just me &amp; my book. 
i thought i was going to have a dog this morning. found one that seemed to be abandoned. a very sweet pug. just had a bad owner. 
I thought i was going to wake up like christmas morning to OS 3.0 
i thought i was good enough to escape your smile...  http://robo.to/elyconcord
i thought i was happy today but i just walked into a box and i think ive broken my toe so im sad now  ahahha.
I thought I was having a good day... ended on a sour note... 
I thought I was on our @replies then and @Rob_Hoffman popped up and I nearly died until I realised I wasn't.. 
I thought I was safe from the INJECTIONS today, only to find out my Mom will be the one who'll inject me with vaccine. HELP! 
I thought I was sooo cool until I found out Half my Followers where SPAM  WTH!!!!
I thought i would be so happy to leave high school. But its just starting to hit me. Im gonna be so sad! 
I thought I'd be finally able to love my life once I had a job and an apartment on my own, but it seems that I was wrong about that ... 
I thought I'd have some time to work on some development projects this weekend. Now I have to mulch around my whole house to repel water. 
I thought I'd made my mind up but what happened earlier made me exxxtraaa sure. My retainers digging into my gum. Ow 
I thought I'd try using Outlook. Does it need to download all the e-mail messages? 
I thought it actually looked alright until my mum said I look like something out of the Adam's family -_- I dyed my skin too 
i thought it mite b possible i was falling in like 4 u, but now i can c that was more than a waste of time... u've lost ur chance now 
i thought it was already winter. turns out winter has even started 
I thought it was for me... 
I thought it was like 4pm 
I thought it was meant to be a hot summer  to mean rain doesnt mean hot.
I thought it was Monday... until my sister said it was Friday... 
I thought it was summer in Denmark, the weather looks at crap as it is here, and we're starting winter 
I thought it was suppose to be sunny today 
i thought it was supposed to be rainy today weather men get over paid to spread lies 
I thought it was supposed to be summer?! This weather is crap 
I thought it would be a little more interesting. 
i thought liams new clothes label was gonna be cool, looks pretty cheap never mind pretty greens, pure butters 
I THOUGHT MY ï€¨ï€©ï¼³Iï¼¤E ï¼«!ï¼£Kï€©ï€¨ WAS OFF BECAUSE I DIDN'T PAY MY BILL ; BUT I WAS SIGNED OFF 
I thought my proposal was nearly done...then I saw my supervisor who told me a multitude of things I still need to include. Damn 
I thought my reports were done poorly- 50 page word document of text boxes...found out a friends school are making them HANDWRITE THEM!!! 
i thought paulo was tomorrow  BUT i did have a grand day in ayr. now i have 3rd degree burns and most likely skin cancer.
I thought people would jump at the chance for a holiday in Spain but I can't find anyone to go with 
i thought spring was FINALLY here after Friday's and yesterday's weather. apparently it was just a dirty, dirty trick. 
I thought Star Trek rocked! Linda thought it was too violent and she blushed when Kirk was Kirk  My son luvd it but for the dino-monsters
I thought surgery was supposed to help you feel better, not make it worse. 
I thought that there was going to be another Def Jam Fighting game, but then it turned out to be crappy karaoke game. I miss the fighting 
I thought the bf wud come by and see me tonite, but he canceled. 
I thought the crackers were flavored milk! x( They were salty 
i thought the da vinci code movie was really boring.
I thought the girl next door was attractive but it appears she has a face like a frying pan 
I thought things were ok. Guess not. I'm not in the mood to chat.  Night
I thought this rain might cause it 2 be cooler.. BOY WAS I WRONG! Who the hell wants 2 go out in this crap?! Humidity+My Hair= DISASTER!  
I thought Tmobile allowed upgrades every 11 months, but now it's every 22months 
I thought Twitter was supposed to help you not feel so alone?!   It's still pretty cool anyway....
i thought u were there ...  today , but it doesnt  .       tomorrow is the last day for me and you  .       i hope it is not !!!
I thought watching Sean Penn &amp; the drug dealer from Pineapple Express mack was the low point of my day, I did not count on a sex scene. 
i thought when i woke up today my neck would feel better...definately not 
I thought you could buy Silent Hill for the PSP on the PS Store? I can't find it anywhere? 
I threw up. 
I throw all of your stuff away. Then I clear you out of my head. I tear you out of my heart, And ignore all your messages. 
i tihnk its the heat. why is it so bloody hot 
i to still go to work at 5 
I told a girl that I was extremely disappointed in her today. I know her mom, and have known her for years, too. She's started smoking. 
I told Ezra from leftover crack that I named my bunny after him  so embarassing haha
I told MermaidCatcher that I was at work &amp; couldn't meet him @4. I have heard nothing back 
i told my dad about the position in San Jose and I think he is sad that I am passing it up  but on a good note, he's coming home Saturday!
I told my mom today Im buying more tickets wednesday and she told me it's a waste of money   
I told u guys I would fall ban asleep. I jus woke up like 10 mins ago LOL. I hate my plastic retainer it hurts, my braces never hurt 
i told ya. anyway new moon trailer is AWESOME! and wolf - just three words O M G ! oh yaa, and my throat - it hurts  someth else?
i told ya'll...now we have lost a twitt friend  sad faces to all of you!!!
i told you I meant it this time...I have printed out things...things that should not be seen...mainly tables of excessive numbers 
I told you now is pouring 
I told you we knew him 
I too had a dream I didn't want to wake up from . 
i took a few zzz's today now i cant sleep 
I took a kick to the lower abdomen in mma class today, and now my bladder is aching like a pregnant woman 
I took a sleep essential pill just now, not feeling too right... 
I took a very cold shower  omg I think I caught pnemonia haha
I took all my nail polish off my nails  I give up
i took an allergy pill this morning, unaware of its drowsy side effects. *3 HOURS OF NAPPING LATER* study fail. ugh!! wasted so much time 
I took an hour long nap and i still feel like crap and my mum wont take me to the doctor 
I took internet off my phone. Now I can't check twitter on the go.  I suck.
I took last class-photos today, I really gonna miss all of my class m8`s,   ILU GUYS! http://tinyurl.com/lv5eel
I took my bed room as child for granted . 
I took my daughters car to the tire shop to fix a leak....checked in at work...grocery store...now home...but I forgot the bananas 
I took my omega-3 pills like 1 hour ago and my belly hurts!!! I should've taken them with food (as usual)  http://posted.at/RKM
I took my yearbook photo earlier at school, and I don't think that it will turn out great 
I took playing music for granted. 
i took the dogs over to my parents today &amp; kaya fell in the spa. Im getting worried her time is almost up. She's 14 now 
I took the longest train ride into the City!!! seriously felt like I was going to another state. 
I took time filming Mr Gwen-Go and no one is bothering to watch it  http://bit.ly/FENyz
i tot last qtr is suppose to be the slackest 
I totally bought $30 Converse sneakers for $8. I needed new sneakers, mine are literally falling apart. These have laces, though  Oh well.
I totally can't fall asleep. 
i totally didnt win anythinggg. ha. got work soon, cant enjoy the sunnn. gutted. 
i totally do not know how ticketless travel works 
i totally don't have as much money as i thought i did 
i totally failed my first exam 
i totally feel like i haven't tweeted in eons. sorry 
I totally forgot about twitter  Ive been really bored lately, who wants to hang?
I totally forgot how great of a cause To Write Love On Her Arms is. Stupid stupid me. 
i totally forgot that i had a twitter account.. how sad 
i totally forgot tht civics packet is due tomorrow.  i also have to read 1984. ima start reading now.. i dont get it at all 
I totally hate this #inaperfectworld thing. Whatever happened to don't dream it, be it? 
I totally have like...  four girl options, and none of them seem viable 
I totally jacked up my neck an my back (and my crack). Would muscle relaxers help? Never took em before. Anyone got any? 
I totally just gave myself a small blister trying to open a bottle of Mt. Dew.  Ow.    But I swept and mopped the kitchen, and feel good!
i totally just had a laugh attack for no apparent reason. Now everyone is starring at me 
I totally just washed my passport (i.e. my only form of ID at the moment.) Luckily it's kinda legible, but damn. How retarded. 
I totally love Eurovision! Sad that I missed Rove though 
I totally love micthell musso's new song hey! Oh and I'm jealous I'm not at the cheescake factory with everyone 
I totally love my psych professor and will be super sad to not have him as a prof anymore after next week  5 weeks went by too fast!
I totally missed my Vegasversary  It was April 13. Bad Fan  ::smack:: Good Morning
I totally missed my window of opportunity to take tylenol PM. Shit. Another sleepless nite 
I totally need to do SOMETHING. I'm at my highest ever, including pregnancies  I have bookieboo bookmarked for future ref. #whyleahmatters
I totally saved my job...took a hefty pay cut  But at least I have a guaranteed pay check... Still job hunting though...
I totally slept in today! I was late for work!! I'm such an idiot.  All this work is catching up to me.  I don't feel so good. 
I totally want not to LOVE the Old Republic...but I know that I'll be back in MMO land when it drops  but also :-D
I totally want some Fruit Loops, but we ran out of Fruit Loops  I blame Ingrid hehehe
I totally want to attend Manchester Pride even on the Saturday, for the first time.. finally! Please! Can't volunteer until your 18. 
i totes can't get the iphone 3g MMS hack to work 
I touched four different projects today. I have a headache. 
I toured ancient rome today and saw some of the most beauitiful places in the world...but I miss home....and by home, I mean AMIN 
i tried a &quot;red a&quot; and the results were horrible! i only had half...but i almost O.D.  i didnt even know my friends names 
I tried all last summer calling everyday to get tickets and got nothing and ive been doing the same this year. I really want to go 
i tried for job at asda but got rejected  lol
I tried home depot @dozi1 and they told me they dont 
I tried out for three clubs today. D: D: And trying out for one more. I'm crazy. It's what I get for being absent. 
I tried setting up twitter on my phone but failed 
I tried signing up to be an extra for Demi's video in Hollywood. No luck. I will never have the chance to become her BFF. 
I tried so hard and got so far but in the end the calzone beat me 
I tried the hair dye. it dun work! 
I tried to be as fair as possible and respectful and honest today, and now it's starting a whole world of drama for the girls I love. 
I tried to do you right, why'd you have to go and turn to ice? 
I tried to dye my hair and all i got was a blond chunk in the front middle part of my hair. Dang. 
i tried to find you but your gone. and even thou you are a stranger i feel i have lossed something and it hurts 
i tried to follow myself but it wouldn't let me and i wanted to know what i was doing 
i tried to give away my old clothes to a homeless person on the street. i couldnt find any  where did they go?
I tried to go asleep but it's just not happening  .... My sister orderd pizza and it was yummy 
I tried to guess an e-mail address. I guessed wrongly. 
I tried to make lunch like John does...its not the same 
I tried to make my own Wordpress template but it is so horribly complicated, I gave up! Check out the Tut http://bit.ly/11gHFM OMG 
i tried to read for an hour, but fell asleep.  fail.   oh well! time for conan!
I tried to read upstairs but failed... I fell asleep... 
i tried to stay away from the internet, but i am weak   10 minutes is all i'm allowed!
I tried to upload a new profile pic from #startup2startup last night and Twitter's not letting me...so now I am sad and photo-less. FAIL 
I tried to use telepathy to get him to text me but so far I have failed miserably. Maybe because he isn't thinking about me at all? 
I tripped going down my stairs And my mom started laughing 
I tripped going up the stairs and banged my hand against the wall. Now i can't move my hand  fuck my life.
I tripped on my pajama bottoms and almost fell down the stairs trying to find my lens cap. 
I tripped on the metal chain outside church &amp; fell on the drain i hv a gash on my leg now and my hand has bloody stripes of flesh + skin 
I truely hate Ipods. I want a zuneee again. 
I truly can't believe what happened today. All I can say, at this point, I am out the game... 
I truly have nothing to tweet about.  I haven't done anything in days.  Excited about getting out of the house for emissions testing. 
I truly love you P!! I just hope I actually matter!? sigh 
I truly woke up this morning thinking it was Friday...it's going to be a long day 
i try hard to be very nice girl and he cant appreciate me 
i try to register on ebay. when i enter my home phone number, it rejected. while entering my mobile phone number ain't no different 
I try to sleep but I can't... 
I try to speak and nobody listens to me I try to scream and nobody hears me... I am caught in a trap of glass... I have become invisible? 
i try to take a nap and instantly i'm attacked by the severe feelings of rejection and inadequacy i've been distracting myself from  joy.
i trying contact with u via youtube but u dont read my message  nick (hovadoposrate)
i trying to do her comarts hw 
I tweaked the neck injury from my car accident and now i can barely move at ALL and I am really suffering  this sucks
I twisted my ankle :S It's hurting me, I'm waering a boot 
I twisted my foot. 
I twisted my knee and can now barely walk on it. Not sure what happened but it hurts  #fb
I twitter too much. Sorry 
i twittered to my friends, and they blocked me for spamming!  sorting out that mess now...
I understand its a lot of Harry Potter books.... but he just getting to old. 
I understand why Trent Reznor quit Twitter, but his wording was pretty insensitive to &quot;unattractive plump females&quot;  http://bit.ly/ft4De
I unfollowed all celebrity's. I don't really see a point in not being replied to. I feel like 1/10 of Stan from the Eminem joint.  lol
I unintenttally just spent the last 12 hours asleep on the futon. It felt good to sleep so much! I want more but my body won't let me 
I unloaded my kiln today.  Electric just does not compare to soda firing 
I updated to OS 3.0 on my iPod Touch. A few apps have stopped working.  http://bit.ly/17nwOf
I uploaded a YouTube video -- No Video For 3 Days  http://bit.ly/jqENV
i use #Google Reader's Email service a lot and guess what they blocked my Reader account thinking i am a Bot..  #fail
I use &quot;Remote Desktop&quot; to control my desktop from lappie over WLAN &amp; just found I can't shutdown my desktop from it! 
i use 2 consider myself a ride or die chick for ppl i THO were friends... all that has changed! cuz ppl not the same 4 me 
i use google for my music urls and the da vinci code sucked!
i use to be a fast reader until school started! it's taking me forever to finish breaking dawn 
I use to change her shitty pampers and do her nappy ass hair I dnt want he to grow up 
I used to bowl good, now i suck 
I used to hate Harry Potter.
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out. 
i used to have another cat, but it ran away when i got my dog  and i used to have a rabbit called &quot;Sonic&quot; 
i used to have one follower 
i used to love packing, but for some reason, this isnt fun. 
i used to love watching jon &amp; kate plus 8, but now it's excruciating. 
I used to use pandora at work...but now they block it 
i used up all the broadband so now im on dial-up  andd i have homework that i havent done. downn buzzer
i 've big day in school...  wish me good lock...
I very much lack patience.....i usually wait too long before i decide to eat. 
I very strongly dislike learning journals as uni assessments, they are not fun to do AT ALL 
I very, very, very strongly dislike Perez Hilton. I just dont get how he can get away with being so horrible! 
i visit @helloimlorena's twitter every 10 minutes and click on 'Follow' button just hoping she'd have unblocked me naw...  
i voted @britneyspears for best tour! hope she or @taylorswift13 win (eventhough i haven't been able to see her yet)  boo! come to miami!
I voted for Metha for OrlandoWeekly.com local bigshot. Mel and Jules voted him best Thai Restaurant 
I vuish I could vouish choo a happy birthday tomorrow. 
i W0NDER y HE HASNT TALKED T0 ME iN AWHiLE 
i waaaannt to go to relay for lifeee 
I waish the sun would come out  Going tanning, then attempting to find a new Job.
i wait for an answer from billycyrus 
I wait for the moment when I read that the GazettE is comming to germany. when will that happen   ???
i waited 2 years for that movie 
I waited and waited but he never turned up 
i waited too long to buy pink tickets!  now we're going to be in nose bleed!!  how sad  we're taking binoculars...
i wake up at 7, fell a sleep, and now im awake again. i liked the sleeping part 
I wake up between 5-6 am every day.(not on purpose) Not fun, but I'm up on all the infomercials incase you want to know about a product. 
i wake up every morning sad. 
I walked all the way to subway and all the way back.  tired and now i have to work  over the summer 
I walked into a wall.. Really hard 
I walked out of #dunkindonuts with my coffee but got to work and realized I left my Boston Kreme on the counter  FAIL
i wan mannequin 5  this star tour is boring...only make me feels hungry :&lt;
i wan to upload videooooooo plsssssss!  #fb
I wana do my hAir alreadyy 
I wana go home 
I wana go HOME home but I don't feel like drivin n the rain 
I wana go to another gig but im too skint from going to gigs that i have to save up for a few weeks 
i wana make a chocolate cake :O no margerine 
I wana see HS 
I wana speak but i can't cuz i know that either nothing or something bad will happen. 
i wanÂ´t to eat oreos  
i wanna  go to the go station and take a bus to toronto and stay there! 
i wanna back to taiwan! but i don't have such money... 
I wanna bang my head on the wall so much after watching british gp. 
I wanna barf. I ate too much  let's work out together ;)
I wanna be a mech pilot 
I wanna be a Star .. HELP ME =( Stars help mee pleease  
I wanna be asleep still 
i wanna be at bamboozle so bad right now.  OMFG HINT HINT? better be selling the booty shorts at the summer show!!
I wanna be at Glastonbury 
i wanna be at home in my own bed.  im just not in the mood to be spending the night somewhere else.
i wanna be at summertime ball!!!!!!!!!! 
I wanna be at the beachhhh not work! 
I wanna be at the pool 
I wanna be drunk..... I wanna be out.... Instead I am sober, Instead I am watching tele.. 
I wanna be in a band again!  
I wanna be in your arms right now 
I wanna be on 16 and pregnant 
I wanna be on real world 
i wanna be outside 
i wanna be pretty too 
i wanna be singer, i &lt;3 singing, but my singing sucks 
i wanna be there for niley 
I wanna be watching the MTV Movie awards but someone is monopolizing the remote 
I wanna be wif my boyfrannnnn 
I wanna be with you. 
I wanna become a Wrestler/ Iï¿½d rather be kicked on my balls, iï¿½m so sad!  waiting for a new day
I wanna broadcast live again but my comp. internet is down  i need a glass of sangria
I wanna buy Flavor of Love seasons 1&amp;2 dvds. I miss that show  lol &quot;yeah boyyyyyyy&quot;
I wanna by Neuro Sonic drink... Badly 
i wanna c NBA madness...... ^^... but i have 2 go to d college 
I wanna call him mine  &lt;33
I wanna clean my room....but I need music to do that and it's 1:30 here.... 
I wanna crawl back in bed and hideout.   this is truly depressing. I could really listen to some good music that soothes the soul.
I wanna cryy 
I wanna cryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
I wanna dance and drink my ass off *meow*  I live I vegas for gods sake I should totally go out but no 1 I wanna kick it w/ is goin out
i wanna die (: i hurt like woah! and no meds have worked. 
I wanna die right now for many reasons. Please say a prayer for my beloved friend battling leukemia. My heart hurts 
i wanna die. AAAHHH. i feel so sick  well the lakers parade was worth itt.
I wanna do CG.How many days I haven't hold my tablet pen?  I wanna eat pizza,too.
I wanna do some sudoku. shit! 
I wanna do something but no one else ever does 
i wanna do something fun today. its raining and its my day off 
i wanna do something tonight, but that doesnt look very promising 
I wanna do something tonighttttt... 
i wanna do something. 
I wanna drink 
I wanna dye my hair.  
I wanna eat a big big piece of chocolate cake 
i wanna eat but i'll gain weight if i eat too much. 
i wanna eat pop corn 
i wanna eat. i'm hungry. 
i wanna feel an earthquake 
I wanna feel my chin 
i wanna finish my review about my trip to sonar Festival  this year but there is soooo much work to do that i leave it all the time 
I wanna freaking watch Jawbreaker!!; but can't find it online  I suppose I shall be paying Blockbuster a visit,, hmmm&lt;3
i wanna friends 
i wanna fuck a midget  anyone know any midgets?
i wanna get 93841934431984139418349134 dvd's... i hope there is a good dvd store here. im a dvdaholic... and an alcoholic 
I wanna get a PS3 
i wanna get better  can everyone say &quot;get better rowan, now!&quot; to make it official?? :
I wanna get my hair cut agyness deyn short, but my mom howled at me. 
I wanna get my tramp stamp removed 
i wanna get off bed n shower, but i can't! i'm in pain 
I wanna get or give sum Birthday Ish...but my bday's too far... 
I wanna get over this already.  I hate being sick 
I wanna give my phone a smack. Well, not really its problem, but I realized I missed some important replies  and missed a BBQ!
I wanna give out my condolences to the family of those people who were presumed dead from the disappearance of an AIR FRANCE plane 
I wanna go 2 bed, but I have 2 finish my stupid science lab 
i wanna go 2 emilys house too 
I wanna go 2 the &quot;black lingerie&quot; party throwin 2night! Bigup poetry, but no1 I know wanna go or they cant 
i wanna go already i want my mom to email me..  not because i miss her but because i want to know if i well we can stay
i wanna go back home ( i mean, the Philooo. DD Philippines man 
i wanna go back to bed, not feeling good at all 
I wanna go back to bed. Why can't I fall back asleep? 
I wanna go back to cloudcuckooland  7148629877
I wanna go back to high skool 
i wanna go back to highlights, but it's so bad for my hair 
I wanna go back to LA with caitlin  miss you xo
I WANNA GO BACK TO MC SO BADLY 
i wanna go back to paaaaaaaarisss 
I wanna go back to school 
I wanna go back to sleep 
I wanna go back to the beach  but then again I could have been on that Air France flight.
i wanna go back to the lake but we're leaving today 
I wanna go bike riding but unfortunately its raining 
I wanna go camping... Maybe I just miss up north 
i wanna go downtown or to south street to find a outfit for beyonce  .. but i dont have any one to go wit 
I wanna go for a dip...but I can't 
i wanna go get a tattoo  i cant decide where to put it BLEH!
I wanna go get my cd already, but no one can take me  this is why i woke up early! Grr..
I wanna go ghost hunting in my town tonight, but I don't think anyone wants to go with me.  I don't wanna go alone, either.
I wanna go hiking and traveling but Idk who with.screw that plan 
I wanna go home 
I wanna go home  I wanna move again I don't like germany really much
I wanna go home  It's beautiful out here too.
I wanna go home already 
I wanna go home and play inFamous 
i wanna go home now! 
I wanna go home! 
I wanna go home. 
I wanna go home. But i can't. 
I wanna go home. Don't wanna be here anymore 
i wanna go home. florida home. i mees everyone so so so much 
I wanna go home. I'm so not f**kn with it today 
I wanna go home. The home where my heart it  taylor i love you
i wanna go home...im so sad  n no joke 
I wanna go live on my webcam but nobody will watch 
I wanna go on a date  nice friday evening.....don't wanna go out....but no boo  aww well...
i wanna go on a picnik but it wet and dark outside 
i wanna go on holiday 
I wanna go on me internetz but dad says no cause of the storm outside 
I wanna go on vacation. Maybe Italy or Philippines. Probably Philippines is the best one. I miss my &quot;kaibigans&quot; (friends) so much 
I wanna go out 
I wanna go out but can't  Stuck in the house with the family my sister brother and parents.. Yay!!! Oh who am I kidding
I wanna go out of the country again.  I still wanna have a vacation!!
i wanna go out to eat but aint got out to eat money LOL booboo to brokenness today 
i wanna go out! 
I Wanna Go Out!!!!! But Its Raining No One Comes Out When It Rains 
I wanna go out. 
i wanna go see mcfly 
I wanna go see the antm final runway show 
I wanna go see the hangover 
I wanna go see the hangover so bad. 
I wanna go see The Hangover tonight, but I don't wanna go alone and I don't wanna go in this rain 
i wanna go see the lion   #squarespace
I wanna go shopping 
I wanna go shopping right now soo bad.. I dont think the lack of money will really stop me but the lack of people to shop with might 
i wanna go shopping!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I wanna go somewhere. Im bored 
I wanna go the circus too! 
I wanna go to a chiropractor!!!! 
I wanna go to a concert... but no good bands ever comes to sweden 
I wanna go to a concert... nobody ever comes to Honduras which sucks 
I wanna go to a viewing of Oprah or Ellen, they always give away free stuff  &amp; plus its a dream of mine just to go.
I wanna go to America! it's too expensive though  gosh. so unfair!
i wanna go to asda but i dont know where it is. 
I wanna go to Baltimore 
I wanna go to barts bday tomorrow but it's suppose to be horrible out 
i wanna go to britains got talent tour! 
I wanna go to Disneyland. 
i wanna go to empireeeeeeeeee. 
I wanna go to Fireworks Friday at the Dell Diamond 
i wanna go to h&amp;m for the kids! 
I wanna go to Just on Friday. Stoopid fkn work. 
i wanna go to new york 
i wanna go to new york already 
I wanna go to nickelback, hinder, papa roach and saving abel! 
i wanna go to no doubt and paramore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!concert tomarow but no one wanna go with me 
i wanna go to RELIENT K; poo 
I wanna go to Sac. Yuba City is boooorrriiinnngggg. 
I wanna go to school, I miss E35D truckloads already  I hate holis, no holis no holis no holis !!
I wanna go to Shakespeare on the Green. Stupid school. 
I wanna go to Silverstone rather than back to work tomorrow  #f1
I wanna go to sleep already!  Have to grab some coffee I think. Hope it's fresh!
I wanna go to sleep now, but I'm just not able to wind down 
i wanna go to sophia's house and sit on her roof. mine sucks 
I wanna go to the @Download2009 
i wanna go to the abbey.... 
I wanna go to the beach 
I wanna go to the beach already!! 
I wanna go to the beach tomorrow, I wish I had a car 
I wanna go to the beach! 
I wanna go to the dance party 
I wanna go to the extra show really bad 
i wanna go to the game tonight 
i wanna go to the gym and work out. but its 1am. i should not have changed my membership from 24Hfitness to gold's....    im a night owl
I wanna go to the mall.. 
i wanna go to the metro station concert. 
I wanna go to the movies  &amp; my cousin has a paper to write :'(
i wanna go to the movies but no ones down to go with me 
i wanna go to the mtv's alsoooo.... 
I wanna go to the music video shooooot  sigh 6 am. sigh not being 18/having 2 people over 18.  sighhhh
i wanna go to the playground right now. 
I wanna go to the rave 
i wanna go to the Smithsonian with mom coz she's been there already 
I wanna go to the tapioca House 
i wanna go to the UK and Japan/China! 
I wanna go to the victoria semi-annual sale w my sister, too bad she cant wait 2 hours for me to get off work! 
I wanna go to the warped tour in LA sooo bad. 
i wanna go to turners grad. next week to see victor grad.  i dnt think i can tho 
I WANNA GO TO VA TOO  WAAAAAAAAA
I wanna go to walk. But it's 22:50pm so maybe i won't go.. Now when it's too late to go to walk there's a nice weather. This is so unfair 
i wanna go visit my family in montreal, canada. haven't been in like 7 years. 
i wanna good breakfast with @ronaldorivera  school is wiggity whack!
I wanna hang out tonight! 
I wanna hate  he 
i wanna hav chocochip icecream 
i wanna have a bubble bath! but that's hard to do in a shower... 
I wanna have a french vanilla coffee with Niki!! 
i wanna have a monumental cupcake nom. 
I wanna have Chinese Laundry Vintage Boots!! 
i wanna have one of those BND yearbooks. 
I wanna hear awesome American accents 
I wanna hear I need love by ll cool j because I need love 
I wanna join the #IfUFromNOLA tweets cause they're hilarious, but I'm not from there 
i wanna join. really bad. but imma be a senior. but especially cus imma be a senior. 
I wanna kiss you,but if I do then I might miss you babe  ONLY 18  times to go to school 
I wanna know why they no longer make 13 Deadend Drive.. 
I wanna learn how to dance real good.. I miss dancing.. It's one way of expressing emotions, especially unwanted emotions.. 
I wanna learn how to shuffle 
i wanna learn the dirty dancing lift.. 
I wanna learn to code!! Hemm but that would take spare time...as would the coding part after I learn how! 
I wanna learn to play guitar.. 
i wanna leave work already! Not feelin it 2day 
I wanna listen to &quot;The Warm Up&quot; but zshare wont let me download anything 
I wanna listen to my voicemails...again. 
i wanna listen to the #mcfly interview as well, but my internet is crap 
I wanna listen to the full Send It On 
i wanna listen to the new Alexisonfire song so badly, but I'm at work 
i wanna live in ny 
I wanna make a new friend to play ball with. Speed drills, shooting drills, one on ones, but everybody is so ghetto here 
i wanna make a new video...but no time 
I wanna make a new vlog update tomorrow. But I have homework to do as well. 
I wanna make an iced coffee.. But there's no ice cream 
I wanna meet @chrystinsayers sooo bad 
i wanna meet and talk with Yiruma.  or or David Sides. or or David Choi. just sit down..and talk about music. 
I wanna meet kenny chesney! 
i wanna meet my d-boy ASAP ok  im missing him. btw, i bet he and pierre were together on p's bday.
i wanna more greek. 
i wanna move back to Pennsylvania 
I wanna move to Dubai. The weather is Hot, the crime is 1-Nil, and the Men are Wealthy. Downfall, I'll be too close to Kuwait 
I wanna move to L.A. 
I wanna play #guildwars but I'm too tired to 
I wanna play again Kingdom Hearts I...  I don't find it!
I wanna play guitar or bass in a band  i miss being in a band
I wanna play l4d2 
i wanna play mario party 8 
i wanna play netball 
I wanna play rollerblades all over again 
i wanna play sims 3  #sims 3
i wanna play sims 3 badly but i can't coz i don't have a graphics card 
i wanna play tennis right now. too bad the courts arent lighted 
I wanna play xbox 
I wanna put more songs on my sidekick but I won't left me. 
I wanna reaaaaad &amp; watch the White Sox. Instead, I have to work &amp; then work again. 
I wanna relax! And not learning whole the time.. 
i wanna relive last night's concert!! 
I WANNA SAY &quot;I WANT OUT OF MY CONTRACT&quot; BUT I HAVE NO MONEY TO PAY THE FEE 
i wanna scoot 
i wanna se taylor in coincert again  pfff shes breathtaking! so pretty and is sooo humble..No se da de ser la gran cosa! y eso vale horo!
i wanna see a rocket to the moon. i just want nick santinos autograph on a poster for my wall and i wanna pic and to hear him sing 
I wanna see baby jade  work
i wanna see deez nuts so bad but im gonna be in japan when they come to canberra 
I wanna see Drag Me To Hell  Someone take meee!  Oh and Follow me.  And Subscribe: http://www.youtube.com/user/JessiNoel29
i wanna see Drag Me To Hell but I just broke up wit my GF so it looks like it's me &amp; my Stace Mace. No one to hold 
i wanna see fleet foxes at coachella today 
I wanna see him!   nighnights kinder ballet in the morning oh help me please!
I wanna see JB 3D Movie Experience again 
i wanna see metro live, again. 
I wanna see my BFFS  I miss u A
i wanna see my boy again 
I wanna see my kidssss. 
i wanna see my mommy and my daddy. 
i wanna see my puppy &quot;lesley&quot;.. i miss her  wanna hug her &amp; so on.
i wanna see New Moon now.... hurry up november  x
i wanna see shaun today..  my nose is sore.. im totally pierceing my monroe again!
i wanna see the dear hunter!!!!!! 
I wanna see the friday night boys again! but there not coming to jersey anytime soon  anyone wanna go to Philly to see them July 2?
I wanna see the movie &quot;UP&quot; sooo badly  unfortunately, its still on the coming soon movie here in PI. Huhu 
I wanna see the preview......I didn't get to see it! 
i wanna see the Single Ladies dance by Joe  but, the account is suspended :|
I wanna see transformers 2 but itshows @ 12 2nite and im goin 2 the airport at 1 
i wanna see u happy again  !!
I wanna see Up! Too bad my friends who would appreciate it the most are home for the summer 
i wanna see you. but i doubt youll wanna see me.. 
I WANNA SEND @shanedawson  A PRESENT THROUGH THE MAIL BUT I DONT KNOW HIS P.O. BOX 
i wanna shoe ppl what iv'got but i am too afraid that the wont like me 
I wanna shout out @epiphanygirl 
I wanna sing with my girls really bad  I miss Serendipity JR  
I wanna skype, too bad i only have 30% battery remaining 
i wanna sleep again....had to get up for stupid yoga....  
i wanna sleep but dont think its gonna happen so soon with all the loudness of relay 
i wanna sleep but i can't sleep! this is soo f***ed up 
I wanna sleep but I can't!!!! 
I wanna sleep in tomorrow but I can't 
I wanna sleep more but I can't 
i wanna stay home 
I wanna still be sleeping but I can't 
i wanna stop the time. no b-day. no school. no trip. no nothing 
i wanna take a nap sooo badly 
I WANNA TAKE PICTURES AT THE LOBBY GIRL`S BATHROOM WITH MY LOVES.  I miss you guys so much. 
i wanna talk to him 
i wanna talk to my best friend rachel. 
I wanna talk to my JS!! 
I wanna talk to rachael 
i wanna talk to Short Stack but i dont have enough creditt  dammit!
i wanna talk to you so badly, i really missed you 
i wanna talk wit sum1 
i wanna talk with you right now 
i wanna talk. but, there's no one to talk too 
I wanna tell my mom.. But I know I can't. 
i wanna tell you how much i miss you ,and how much i love you ,but i cant . cause if i tell you ,you might be run away 
I wanna throw things around. HAHA 
I wanna tour  dammn Prophecy beign in debt and not with shit loads dough to tour with :/ FAIL! &quot;Breasts, Bass and Booze&quot; -- #myphilosophy!
I wanna try kickboxing to get my anger and stress out because i broke a door today  but i didn't mean to i swear
I wanna try sushi sooo baddd. 
I wanna update my iPhone to OS 3 sooo bad, but I can't afford to lose my jailbroken apps even for a day. 
I wanna upgrade my computer! it's running slower now 
i wanna watch a moovieee but i have nothing new to watch...  ...wish i had some money..
I wanna watch a movie called my bloody valentine 3D at blitz... But, no one can go with me... Sucks! My bro dun let me go by myself.. 
I wanna watch Freddy's Nightmare really badly right now 
I wanna watch miami swat but my cousins watching E4 
I wanna watch more Neverwhere, but Netflix is evil with their maintenance. 
I wanna watch my movies but my cousin took them. 
i wanna watch notorious again 
I wanna watch Switchblade Romance again...only I don't have it 
I wanna watch The Hangover already. 
i wanna watch the MTV Awards NOW  dont hav the patience 2 wait till 2morrow! xox
I wanna watch the MTV Movie Awards now, please? 
i wanna watch the soccer 
i wanna watch ur vid but i cant now. im tweeting from the phone &amp; i t doesn't let  me  @HerLadyRavenSky
i wanna watch wolverine too 
I wanna watch year one 
I wanna wear my natural curls so bad but its 2 hot  I guess I'll perm my hair http://myloc.me/5g18
I wanna work on my music 
i wanna work there 2 but they say there not hiering  .. well im goin 2 bed now
I wannna curry for breakfast 
i wannnnna go home n lay in bed 
i wanntt my phone 
i want  3.0... hurry up apple 
I want  an lg fuckin rumer ! is that so hadrd to ask? arg.. im so in need of a cell right now. 
i want  to go to a  concert  from fob now!!! i miss  it   can't wait  any longer ...
i wanT &quot;Lines, Vines and Trying Times&quot; NOW!! 
i want / need a job mannn ! 
I want @tommcfly 's reply! I'm sad! Please love! Reply me! I'm so sad today, almost crying...  By mandy.-ggt
I want 1,000 tweets 
I want 1000 first! 
I want 2 fly to Japan  this is so cool http://bit.ly/m156A  thanks @Lulico ..i cant take my eyes off
i want 2 go home 
i want 2 play dance 
i want 2 pull my bass guitar out and work on some riffs but i need 2 tune it + cant make a lot of noise 
i want 21st century breakdown soo bad but my mom wont let me get it 
i want 31% discount!! 
I want a 360. 
I want a 3GS 
I want a baby chick! but I don't want it to turn into a chicken 
I want a baby sooo bad.  
i want a bagel - with strawberry cream cheese. but i doubt iï¿½m going to get that.  http://tumblr.com/xae1wna2w
I want a banana split sooooo bad right now! Mmmmm...Guess I'll settle for a fudge bar 
I want a Baotian Retro 
I want a beagle. Im missing my dogs 
I want a big burrito with all of it. Pork, lettuce, beans, rice, gaucamole, sourcream, cheese, onions, cilantro, hot sauce. EV-ER-Y-THANG 
I want a bike 
I want a Black Berry! what type of cell phone are you guys usin'? I use DoCoMo. that's kinda nice but it can be broken easily 
i want a blackberry 
I want a Blackberry. Why does no one sell them in Denmark? *sigh* 
i want a bobblehead icon 
I want a Bonzi Buddy. 
I want a boyfriend! I feel so lonely  TayHO
I want a Brooks Brothers Sweater.  Do I buy it or the Akai APC-40 first? 
I want a burrito from los dos so bad right now 
i want a camara 
I want a car 
I want a cardigan 
I want a cat 
I want a chick fila chicken biscuit! I doubt I'll have time at ATL to find one though 
i want a chocolate coke. 
I want a coffee 
i want a cooked, frozen burrito 
i want a cookie :} but im too scared the kids might want one too 
i want a cookie, but there is absolutely nothing of the sort in my house 
i want a cover for my bb 
I want a crispy chicken snap wrap with bar b q sauce 
I want a crooked house 
i want a cuddle 
I want a cuddle buddy 
I want a cute boy 
i want a day off 
I want a diesel 
I want a different phone plan! 
i want a dinner with mcfly too! unfair  hmm i could travel to brazil now.. and stalk mcfly muhaha. naah. i'm a good girl
i want a dog or a cat or something  i want something to unconditonally love, thats not materialistic or a family memeber 
I want a dog sooo bad... 
I want a donair 
i want a dr. horrible tshirt 
i want a film from lovefilm , too bad i sent them all back today , i wont get any till monday now 
i want a freaking puppy 
i want a fucking purr jumper 
i want a G1 
i want a good camera so bad  .... i need to get another job
i want a gorgeous man to take me to thorpe park 
i want a hannah montana necklace  ahaha
I want a hat 
I want a hat  Oh wait we have Epic Shardz hats!
i want a hatchet man tongue ring. 
I want a holiday.. A lot 
I want a home. 
i want a hot tub right now I'm cold and feel yuckky 
I want a housekeeper! Should of bathed dogs , THEN cleaned the house. . Boll**ks 
i want a husky so bad! 
I want a iphone or blackberry!! and a new ipod, because my ipod is doesn't work 
i want a iPhone so bad 
i want a job  ugh
I want a J-O-B..I'm broke!  sucks
I want a lady friend  I guess im to picky. Oh.. and just a fuck toy to play around with.. I wanna drink tonight where the party at?
I want a laptop SOOO bad!  Surfing the internet via Wii or cell phone is SOOO not the same, nor as AWESOME! I want a computer!!
i want a little pet so bad 
I want a little puppy so bad  named Zach! Ohhh how to convince Av..
I want a lottery win so I NEVER have to work again!! 
i want a mac. 
I want a macbook 
i want a makeover . . . anyone wanna play salon? lol so f'in bored. she's playing video games and wont let me play  (she dont wanna lose)
I want a mango 
I want a margarita 
I want a name for my skyblog ...   But.. what ??
I want a new bed,repaint my room, get a proper bookshelf, etc. 
I want a new car 
I want a new laptop.  HP TX2000 is the bomb. :| Who knows how much it is? IM me: gabbehhramos@yahoo.com
I want a new Mac 
I want a new phone  , any suggestions
i want a new phone  but will have to wait
i want a new phone  my stupid &quot;shadow&quot; piece of crap is acting up!
i want a new phone  the front being broken is just too much.
I want a new phone. 
I want a new phone.  Preferably the LG Xenon, but I know that won't happen any time soon. 
I want a new weekend - the one I got was way too short to be a real weekend 
I want a palm pre (love the big touch screen AND thumboard combo) but it's only available on sprint and I have at&amp;t. wah. 
I want a pen pal 
I want a penguin  http://twitpic.com/69l21
I want a Penguins lawn sign too!  #pens
I want a pepsi 
i want a pet doggy 
I want a pi-bab!  hehehe.
i want a picture 
i want a piï¿½ata  #rove
i want a pool !!! 
I want a pumpernickel bagel and any flavor Tazo with 3 Splendas... Not in this part of BK 
i want a puppy with all my heart 
I want a puppy!!! 
I want a puppy. ps, I got sunburnt all down my arm 
I want a purple comforter but I can't find one  booooo
I want a rabbit! 
I WANT A REPLY FROM TOM FELTON!!! 
I want a rhd eg hatch.  lol
I want a robot friend 
I want a Russian hat  Someone find a store that sells them for me lol.
I want a scrambled egg bagel with dill cream cheese 
i want a show to that rocks my weekend 
I want a sims 3 so badly 
I want a sister, but I'll never have one 
I want a Sobe  Self esteem went down by about 72% today and I want a hug from a friend who's graduating soon and has been unavailable
i want a squirrel to climb inside my truck  only not really cos a) it might have rabies and b)i don't got any nuts.
i want a starbucks! please 
I want a strawberry milkshake from Mcdonalds, shame i cant get there 
I want a super malfi right about now 
I want a tattoo 
i want a tattoo too 
i want a tattoo....  but i m still looking for the good one
i want a text from short stack ,but i dont understand the texting thing 
i want a time machine 
i want a tribal bracelet like in my marie claire magazine but its like $200 and i'm in the UK 
i want a tweet box in left side of FB profile but it's not working!  
I want a Twilight romance 
I want a videocamera! 
I Want A Water Fight 
I want aa tan but it's far too hot 
I want Adelyn back  Man, all the right songs for the mome are coming on..xx
i want alex to come home 
i want all the how i met your mothers seasons  and friends!  i think friends is the best tv show ever.
I want an Aion Beta key SO badly! 
I want an amp 
I want an electric guiiitar! 
i want an illadelph piece sooooooooo badddd!!! too expensive though! 
I want an iPhone 
I want an Iphone  someone buy me one yeah ?
I want an iPhone &lt;33333 
i want an Iphone with Sprint service  Never gonna happen.
i want an iphone.but i don't want at&amp;t. 
I want an iPod Touch. 
I want an LG cookie or an iPhone 
I want another day off. wtfck. I woke up gasping last night cause I couldn't breath.  scary.
i want another horsey 
