rainy and windy  off to had dinner with jav (at least i think so...)
Rainy day 
rainy day   sick all night...slept on bathroom floor....it is tile so it was nice &amp; cold helped a little...hopefully start feeling better
Rainy day  better today than tomorrow though.
Rainy day  In bed watching iCarly. Cereal would so complete me right now.
Rainy Day  Please Sun...Come Back
Rainy day again it seems....  You know what that means right? Fusion Flavors Dial: 914-637-8560
Rainy day again...Swimsuit competition next week. I guess I am gonna have to go to the tanning bed  I heart the real sun.
Rainy day and night  I need sun!!!!
rainy day go away 
Rainy day here in NYC..torrential rain.  Just finished a whole batch of new souffle soaps and it's too dreary to take photos 
Rainy day here, hope it clears up before I get off work  Needed some rain though.
rainy day in assisi! 
Rainy day in Berlin  it's soooo boring
Rainy day in boston 
Rainy day in Calgary, we are getting snow over the weekend 
Rainy day in Philly  looks like it's gonna be a movie night.
rainy day makes for a day inside   so try to make it fun
Rainy day today  Lots of graphic designing to do, hope to stay busy at work.
rainy day today  n i have regents tommorrow.... ugh
Rainy day yet again   Work from home day....no driving down the two lane hwy!
Rainy Day...and feelin alittle sick 
Rainy Days and Mondays always get me down....wow, today is both!  
Rainy days are the worst      
producing the 6 with @PieterBickford then anchoring... and a sad goodbye to Miss Lynne Ashminov  we will miss you!
Product of Fundamentals class @ 3:00pm, final exam  HELP! Wish me luck, believe me, I need it!
Production of my Dutch radio show is killing me. It's a burden to produce a daily 30 minute show in addition to all the other ones I do.. 
Productive morning turned into unproductive afternoon. 
Productivity of the day: Booked my tix for Indonesia! On my fave airline SQ but cheap fare= not eligible for miles 
Prognosis is a torn anterior inferior tibiofibular ligament. Will get to meet with doc to see how long I'll be on the dl 
Programming Class going well so far. Got an error today in my code; I asked the professor about it. He couldn't tell me what was wrong. 
programming in PL/SQL ... very boring 
Progressive was closed  Went to Angelo's and had some bangin' apple pie. Happy girl, here!
progresso soup contains 200 calories, but 950 mg of sodium. they always find a way to fuck you over. ugh... walking it off. 
rainy friday  noo
rainy monday 
Rainy Monday blues 
Rainy Monday mornig &amp; back to work... 
Rainy Mondays are my favorite kind... except that I can't get the dogs to go outside. 
rainy morning 
Rainy morning! Too bad internet connection. 
rainy nasty ugly weekend  Bored!!
rainy outside!...and this hurts slowly forced me to the ground ouuuhhh 
rainy rainy rainy... i hate it! i think im going to get sick! 
Rainy sunday 
rainy Sunday   Doing laundry, and finishing up sketches... might even do my nails!!!
Rainy week 
rainy weekend perfect to work work work 
rainyrainy day 
raise small pockets when opening. this will protect you from BB catching a straight on the flop ....heavy sigh 
Raise with aq....dont hit...down to 7500 
raised a ticket with bethere about new number and new line from friday - hoping they can swap them over and discounted service etc.  
Rajeev Motwani, google's mentor died in swmiing pool accident 
raleigh to see butters! &amp; ginas going away party 
Rally is about to begin! I can't help worrying about what the police will do with people... 
rally not looking forward to the dentist later. don't like the idea of someone yanking a toofypeg out 
Rally's going well, a few minor issues. Very limited cell coverage here 
Ran 1 mile, did bicep curls, tricep extension, rows and abs, I feel kind of sick to my stomach  #fitness #gym
Ran 18km 20 mins slower than I should have, 1hr 10m 
Project SWAP is tonight and... Its a-rainin 
Project wardrobe not going too well  lol http://yfrog.com/0ykxkj
Projectile vomiting all through walmart when we stopped to stock up in Tylenol. Wont eat or drink. We have a very sick child on our hands 
projects suck 
projectttt time  on this rainy day !
Prolly not gonna get coffee since my mom's still mowing. Yes. She's still mowing this late... I really wanted coffee.... 
prom dress shopping in the rain eww. jeans soaked 
prom is now over  kinda sad.. but a fun night, one to remember!
ProM iS ovEr.. nOw gRaduAtiOn iN 4Days 
PROM NIGHT IN EL CAMINO HIGH SCHOOL WHOOOOOOO......BUT IM ONLY A JOUNIOR 
prom night reminded this particular highschooler what a hangover is.... 
Prom was a BLAST!! i wish i can do it all over again ...now comes graduation 
Prom was amazing! Best night ever i think so. Sorry jam for not seeing you at the end of the night 
PROM WAS AMAZING! why do all good things have to come to an end? 
prom was awesome. i can't believe this is my last one... 
Ran 3 1/2 miles and worked out. I would like to say that summer is around the corner. But its 56 degrees and raining in NYC 
Ran 3 miles in 51 mins and felt injured. My back!    I ran 2 miles with 2 very short walk-breaks.... and I mean short.  By the end of  ...
Ran 3ish miles. Won weight loss contest with a friend by gaining a pound. 
Ran 4 miles this morning....feel a lil better but this damn heat is gonna kill me! On another note I miss my TB!!! 
Ran 6.04 miles in 49 mins and felt good. Ran the HyVee course with Joe. That shit is hilly. Not nice hilly either 
ran a 10.5min mile today. I don't remember what grade that would have gotten me in HS gym? Prob a 'B-' grading speed was sooo unfair 
ran a mile for the first time in a while :] now im dying bc im still sick. @vgarcia87 i have lots of hw too 
ran away from a barbeque at the office. too cold outside, my alergies on max level and bored with not being able to understand Flemish 
Ran into bug in Prototype (PS3) suppose to protect tank, died on 2nd checkpoint, start at checkpoint and no tank.  I hate this
Ran into my ex, damn, she's still beautiful.  
Ran my first 5K in 5 months after a knee injury in 33:04. Sooo slow 
Ran out of Caffeine Pills 
ran out of emo bands to listen to.  http://plurk.com/p/12ktp2
ran out of eucalyptus drops. 
RAN OUT OF FREE TEXTS SO I CANT TWEETS ON THE GO !!! 
Ran out of issues 2 weeks ago, no news on a re-run unfortunately 
Ran out of meat for my sandwiches today, Also found the cheese was off. That leaves me with bread and lettuce - WOW 
ran out of milk for porridge 
ran out of money after yesterday.........  what can I do today?
ran out of money, again 
ran out of orange tic tacs 
ran out to get sugar bliss cupcakes in between downpours, but got stuck in round 2. now my pants are soaked! 
ran outta baby wipes  ...does anybody know how good is it to whipe with baby wipes after a #2 [ ? ] ...man. so fresh so clean [ ! ]
Ran outta graph paper - freaking out! &quot;can somebody get the kid some graph paper&quot; ! - anyone  ?...please ? :'(
ran over a snake  3-4 foot black racer. Poor creature!!
Ran sprints &amp; made yummy dinner! Oh &amp; saw my dad's expensive new house today.  He says he never has any money...I guess just not for me 
Ranch dressing doesn't taste the same anymore. Today is a sad, sad day. 
rand new to Twitter...just finished listening to Steve Pettit downloads and will be missing our Sun morning group while on break til May 
randell sucks at being my bedtime txting buddy  plus he's a cheater! oh well, unlimited txting FTW. ;D
Random and I know no one gives a shit but I'm feeling overwhelmed and a little sad.  emo...
Random ass allergies due to the show tonight 
random breakdowns suck. i hate being a teenager. 
random elastic in my teeth. hurts. looks ridicolous.  4 weeks of it. I hate my braces.
Random fact: i have the imprint of a button from my jeans on my left buttcheek! it hurts! i didnt know i was sittin on it! 
Random graze on my chin  Bad times....
Random hurricane force winds and rain make walks impossible 
Random thought of soda shoes... Anybody wear those hideous white rubber monster shoes circa hmmm 12 years ago??? Lol I did 
Random tip of the day: don't bring the pretty little lemon cakes from Costco to anywhere. No one will eat them. Although they are good 
random trip to Bakersfield... here for a few days then back to Berkeley to clean up and officially move out 
RANDOM: i still can't get over the fact that paramore didn't get best song  i think that is gonna stay with me forever
Stop telling me to join - you know my PC sucks!!   i miss netgaming.
STOP THE PRESSES::::::::: my grazebox didnt arrive 
Stop with the descriptions of tempting food please! I have macaroni cheese and a bit of brie and you lot have cakes, ice cream etc. Boo 
Stop yelling at me about everything.  its not my fault.
STOP! playing with my delirium! delirium - ladyhawke. they dont play the song here 
Stop! Strudel Time!   No really. Stop. There was no strudel. 
stoped broadcasting on blogtv coz they all left  and was on my own and one one came any way xD
Stopped at my moms to get a few things &amp; check on my cats. I need to get them out of there. I miss them 
Stopped by borders to say Hi to my old coworkers and i didn't recognize ANYONE in the cafe. this makes me sad 
Stopped by my sister's 2visit before I leave &amp; my beautiful 2yr old niece didn't want me 2leave  tore my heart up having her cry in my lap
stopped out of CAR at 4.70 
stopped raining frogs  but my boss was happy w/automation so he told me 2take a break &amp; leave early.. will get my swim b4 sing after all
Stopping for lunch and to stretch our legs it is windy 
Stopping for lunch at taco bell, still have a while to go.  #seaworld #florida
Stopping to get food and a floatie for brodie and then on the way to raging waters in san dimas!! Woo! I'm so tired  haha
stopthissong - Haha. Thanks. But, butâ€¦ too deep.  Haha. I mean, I canâ€™t think of how to introduce myself... http://tumblr.com/xec23vjgp
Storage unit reserved- making progress. Sad, I don't want to move 
store, then vegan sushi w/no vegan friends....and then, i come home and fuck everything up  going to bed sad is no fun
randomly found this pretty sick----  http://bit.ly/MW2E1   but i must say i did laugh a little 
Randomly searching Twitter and came across some Columbo fans.  I love Columbo.  He totally rocks!!  Can't find it on TV anymore.  Bummer!
Randomly so tired 
Randomly woke up.. Cant go back to sleep 
Randy's having surgery on Wednesday!    Hey Nikki, tell everybody down there, will you please!  Thanks!
Rangers tied it up in 8th but Oakland scores a homer in 9th. We lose  still, was a nice day to watch a live game at ballpark!
Ranked #2 in the light heavyweight (205lb) division. Tried takin on Wandy for the belt but he KO'd me 
Ranny, wet, and dull. NOT good weather today  what happend yesterday it was so good
Rapidly coming to the conclusion that there's no way to edit this film together and have it look good. It looks like it was cut by chimps 
raquel just got picked for a really long trial. she is very happy and so am i cuz i didnt get picked! but, im still stuck here 
rarely on dis thing! boredom is no fun 
rarr flu is gone but has been replaced by a nasty headcold/sore throat. 
rascal no. 1  god i hav no pics of myself under 700kb  tryin 2 figure out wat to do
Rashard Lewis needs to come to the Rockets so I can appreciate him properly. I love him. 
Rasins Suck 
Rasputia is on her way back! Arrrggh! The last hour will be torture... 
Rate la brocante de champs city 
Rate limit exceeded. #tweetdeck #italktoomuch 
Rates won't be this low for much longer - the time to refi into a VERY low rate may be coming to an end!!     Call before they raise them!
Rather annoyed that my apartment complex has a &quot;special&quot; deal with Virgin Media, making them my unwanted broadband provider 
rather be a springroll in the blanky than go to uni.  so cold!!!
rather disappointed with  the new The Crystal Method 
rather than showing-stage-showing-montage, with swooping camera moves. 
Rather than watch the Lakers game, I'm watching some gossipy special about Jon &amp; Kate on E! I'm a horrible person. 
Ratings Army Wives  teary; Criminal Minds Yikes! Criminal Intent takes all sorts. real life news  horrifying ok me for bed nite all
Rational Development Tool Suite comes on top?  Hrmm...that seems strange - http://bit.ly/nU7wb...need to register 
rats!  the &quot;waterproof surgical tape&quot; I bought is just fabric tape...and doesn't look very waterproof.    #woundcare #vasculitis
rats, my MBP's left fan needs replacing, was hoping it was a loose wire like someone told me it could be 
Rats. It started out as a joke but now I really want to go to the beach and have no way to get there. 
rats...the one Friday evening I'm on vacation, and it's not working.    I'm gonna go cook something...
RattieLovers just got a 6th boy! Stitch is, rescued, 5 months, VERY overweight black hooded boy. Kept in TINY cage, bit half of tail off 
Raven by Allison Van Diepen was a big MEH with a cliffhanger ending... 
Ravens sick SUPER SAD face 
RAW HAS BEEN VERY EXCITING TODAY! MY FAVORITE MAN ISNT LOOKING TOO GOOD RIGHT NOW  LETS GO JEFF
raw shrimp on my plate moved...but no witnesses 
Rawr and whatnot. I am having a godawful drawing night tonight... even less progress has been made than I expected. 
rawr for missed opportunities 
rawr rawr.   ahh im at young alices house. but i have a headache, and i want to be at home in my bed     ahh well x x
Rawr woken up by dog barking cause doors closed 
RAWR! its down! me is sad...  i update too much o.O
Rawr! Twitter isn't working for me! 
Rawr, I can't wear my favorite dress since one of my sisters wore it and stretched it out. This is greatly disappointing 
Rawr, long day.. Night thing at work again 
Rawrhhh dad went to install IE 8 and now my flashplayer isn't working!! 
ray back to spore. sigh  time to do some house cleaning. double sigh!
ray just beat me at air hocky and my free dr pepper just exploded on me. Greatt.  moovieee time..
ray your the one who called me a stick in the mud  hahaha
Rays at Yanks rained out tonight 
Rays away for 2 days and I'm already mising him 
Rays my English is not very good  need a teacher very patience...LOL
storm #2 rolling on in! not cool 
Storm chasing for me today doesn't look promising.  Storm probability seems to have moved into Iowa; too far to drive.
storm clouds incoming by the looks of it... sad times for frisbee later 
Storm Coming In 
Storm hitting cape town this weekend. Brace yourselves for gale force winds and massive swell. kak surf tho  http://bit.ly/14LDru
Storm in RMNP cut my backcountry hike short...  At least I was within 2 miles of my car when it started pouring.
Storm passed, water in tent 
Storm sirens kept me awake way past my bedtime last night 
Storm. internet is out. 
stormed like a b*tch here last night, tornado season is apon us 
Storming again? Seriously?! 
Storming gig by Black Crowes last night. Great, great music. Like the last 40 yrs never happened! New track sounds like 70s Blondie/disco 
storming outside 
storms came close but didnt see much action  prolly wont
storms scare me and im all alone in this creepy house 
Stormy day, guess I'm not going to watch the footy or shopping today 
Stormy storm storms.  Signing back OFF the computer. D:  I MISS YOU GUYS, DAMMIT. 
stormy weather... sucks makes me depressed 
story of my life...saying goodbye 
Story of my life: Ciara So Hard......Nohemie go to sleep! 
Story of my week-car accident wednesday, Car totalled, 1000 deductible, find out that my license is suspended for 3 months yesterday . 
story of stupidity: cooked salmon with cream sauce last night to impress date, turns out they are lactose intolerant  saved by saladdddddd
Stowmarket is so crap for glamour and style, why do I bother with the fashion keep up. CBA tbh. 
Straight after tweeting that, found bird shit IN MY HAIR too  Washed self several times. At least second cup of tea remains unmolested!!
straight and gays all in one establishment just confuses me  so many HOT boys!
Straight from the show to the plane. I really wanted to stay and party with the lacrosse girls  #fb
Straight struggling on my essay...I hate having to do school in the summer 
straight up chillin until the stats final tomorrow 
straightening my hair in this heat is killing me. today sucks. i need to get out of this house or i may lose my mind 
prom was really fun, but i am very sore 
PROM WAS SO BOMB !  &lt;3 pissed off though cause my pictures wont load onto the computer!! 
Prom.post prom.iHop.carlys = best blowout for the end of junior year. graduation tomorrow  Sounds
PROM=AMAZING NIGHT can't believe it's all over 
PROMENADE IS GONNA BE POPPIN TONIGHT UUUGH FULL TIME DAD WHATS A MAN 2 DO!! I FEEL WHAT SINGLE MOMS GO THROUGH 
promise me to not to prestige again 
Promise that I will do everything, me to get used to see you in the arms of another 
promised jr ud get throwed with him tongiht :-o thank god i said no beer! six pack calories are killin .e  im drunk
promised she would go into central today and meet up with her drummer. Stupid central with their stupid tubes being closed 
promised to take Daeja and Dooka to the beach today  ....lol
promises are made to be broken  how many times they did this to me...so sad....
Promithozon you my ONLY Friend,  ``````,  caught a cold from the little outbreak monkey's I love so much!
prommmm is today &lt;3 i don't know where my camera charger is! UHHH i HATE when i don't know where things are! 
Proof by induction was on the exam  but it went ok..i hope
prop 8 sucks.. and so do homophobes 
propel:build-forms is a bit memory-intensive, just had to double the CLI memory limit  #symfony
proper bad stomach ache 
Strained a muscle in my lower back today. &amp;*#&amp; it hurts! What hurts most is .. no running this weekend. 
strained wrist and thumb + 3 hour raid in Naxx = oooooooooouchie!  need moar painkillers for Ulduar tonight methinkst.
Strand News is facing a crisis. Just had an email from them saying  they &quot;will be very unlikely to see out this dreadful year&quot; 
Stranded  @ 5N before the 605 junction http://loopt.us/HFVtyA.t
stranded @ the airport in San Francisco!  waaaaa waaaa waaaaa I wanna be @ home in bed
stranded at mary pickford 
Stranded at spinx because moms truck won't start. 
Stranded in dallas!! 
Stranded in Newark 'til 11:30 - good times 
Stranded near the gully. Harmonic balancer from the radiator broke off. 
Stranded with no ride home  im scaredd call mee 
strange ! i've just waken up at midnight. n the best part, i really couldn't sleep again 
Strange dream about nailing a fish to a wall. Symbolic? Of what? Nothing good i suspect. And i missed the BPP 
strange dreams of evil things having to be trapped in a room and big panthers chasing me in the garden - still no dreamforest for me yet 
strange happening today :s my friend had an accident  but he's fine now. 
strange mood... nothing to do 
Strange my iPhone does not accept calls when I am online. 
Strange weather! 
Strasburg throws 15 K's. Pretty awesome. Sad part is, SDSU will probably end up losing to Virginia 5 - 1. 
Strategically managing it all day long 
Strawberry breakfast was interesting. I'm wide awake at one am, which is good I guess because I should be reading. My knee hurts, though. 
strawberry combination with frosties, please? 
proper gutted  house searching is a nightmare.
proper sobbed to that film seven pounds  too sad!
prospects for the weekend? Beeing ill 
Protein shakes are chalky and shit 
Prototype  Another idea I had seemingly ruined by a developer. Just like Road Wars! Although I'd love to play either of them.
Proud of my little man. He started jumping in the pool by himself today. Hes getting so big 
proudly wearing my &quot;i cupcake ny&quot; t-shirt from Magnolia Bakery today...wish i still had the cupcakes to go with it 
Provincal exam tomorrow.  moans and groans
proving my worth is not the objective here, it's winning his love...  http://robo.to/elyconcord
Strawberry fair wasn't very good this year 
Strawberry fest with sarah OMG sooooo much fun 2 bad 2day is soooo busy that i cant appriciate it 
Strawberry peanut butter M and Ms... ewww...  Who thought of that crap!
strawberry picking was a huge failure due to the fact we didn't know where we were going and because it rained... sad times 
Strawberry picking was cancelled due to illness  Never mind, we'll reschedule. I now have the day to write, cook and draw pretty things.
Strawberry wine has now entered secondary fermentation. When M found out how long until it's ready to drink, she was very disappointed. 
streak of bad scores continues on MLEWORLD.... 
Stream is now offline 
stream is up 4 the 140 char conference going in NYC; bckup at 2pmEST. wished they used flash instead of Rayv plug-in  http://bit.ly/okpff
street sweeper social club: #ratm leftovers  http://bit.ly/7MAWw i just want rage against the machine back!
Streetfighter 4 is even hard on easiest 
strep always seems to find me around finals ........ 
strep and mono at the same time means I'll be tweeting less 
strep throat 
stress banget di rumah 
stress bites your balls  so does always worrying about others happiness and focusing on yours last. lameee..
Stress out and sad  - MONEY!!!! Right this is what I have, I have only four more Ema payments to late... http://tumblr.com/xmg1yy2h5
STRESS! Got test 
Stress, stress, stress 
Stress. 
Stressed  I want prom to be perfect for me &amp; my babe and shit aint looking to good right now!
stressed about his aunt 
stressed about keeping my job 
Stressed for the examms :S. Chimestry failed 
stressed mannnnn ugh..mommy misses me 
Stressed out about having to take down his loft soon 
Stressed out, need motivaiton to begin studying 
Stressed out, strung out, exhausted and need a break. Even a mini one might help. Stupid uni work. Not going to happen any time soon 
Stressed out.. Head hurts.. Eyes hurt .. Body hurts...   
Stressed the fuck out! With nail-bitting moments... Finals! 
Stressed!! 
STRESSED!! &amp;$;#!%@  
Stressed, arrgh! Need project write up pretty much done for tomorrow, and am also offending all the people who want my time!  Cant win
stressed, but only some days left in school...i don't have energy no more 
Stressed...another two 14hr workdays coming up 
stresseed i can't believe they only had one pair God the perfect shoes ughh 
stressful day with Landon, poor thing must be teething 
Stressful day, could have done without it! 
Stressful day. Have to get my mother mental health help. Bipolar disorder is no fun. 
stressful day. Now I get to be home alone. 
stressing ! Grandparents have had car smashed into,  and cat has been in a fight 
stressing about assessment  thinking i might permanently have stress line
Stressing about exams  listening to an awsum remix. new film in production  haha when i finally upload all my stuff u can all watch!
stressing about my coursework 
Stressing about school is especially bad when everyone else is in summer mode. Taking a break from studying to work. 
stressing out 
stressing out about what classes to take next year!!!! AH. help 
stressing out! grandma's to clean today, poor cat doesn't seem to be feeling any better (I don't think growling in the litter bx is good) 
Stressing over my stupid NuvaRing....god damn it, can't I find a birth control that doesn't give me an undesirable side effect? 
stressing over not having spending money when i head to western australia 
Stressing over the methodolgy section of the m-learning report 
Stressing that twitterfeed seems to be shortening our URL's and making them invalid 
Stressing, everytime speedy tries to make it right he makes it worst 
Stresssedd Lads 
RB walkerartcenter: I wish i could see http://bit.ly/jcage tonight... I'll be at work 
RC Helicopters are damn hard to fly! I found that out the hard way 
RE and maths today 
Re exam wasnt that bad 2 hrs  someone 2 places in front was sick and the smell was stuck in the room for ages after eww
Re reading Eclipse &amp; wishing my nails would stop peeling &amp; breaking so i could paint them 
RE sucks  Gotta do a presantation bout Fulda
re too! 
Re. #IranElection 7) Pray for an end to violence. Pray for a just resolution. But get a grip: Mousavi can't shit wonders &amp; piss miracles. 
RE: @mikemacias My N97 is Stuck at customs, they said it will be out on the 17th or 18th ... My luck ..   ... It got hâ€¦ http://disq.us/fph
Striggling with Hibernate 
Strike 2 for today. Spilled a glass of water on my desk and thus killed 1 of the 2 laptops 
Strike Gently was mean... they said Nothing Personal leaked but it didnt...  they linked me to brokencyde....
strike that feel absolutely terrible...  got loads 2 do n i feel ridiculously shit. this aint even funny 
Strike that, reverse it...Lightbox broke the front page featured images. So it's back to square 1. 
Strike that...can't do pics on my phone. 
String date.  Will miss Larry.  
Strip wash like WWII! 
strongly dislikes the fact that she cannot write her ppr due trues because she needs help with it. 
strongly questioning: do doc prescribed sinus meds really work? 4 wks in and my sinuses\head still feel exploding doom very near! 
struck  sleep is the best medicine.
Struggled into wetsuit. Shoulder too painful to reach through full stroke against the neoprene. No swimming for me tonight 
Struggling my way through Anne Enright's &quot;The Gathering&quot;.  Do not love it or even like it as much as expected 
Struggling through the day 
struggling to come to grips with the warriors loss  are they doing this on purpose to test me?!!!!
struggling to make it past the title atm 
Struggling to stay awake at work this morning 
struggling to stay awake.. don't know why...? 
struggling with biochemistry... hopeless so far... don't feel too good right now 
Struggling with exception handling within our new multi-warehouse functionality - Stuck in a test-lab with un-openable windows and no AC 
Struggling with math-Hoping this luv will work out 
Struggling with the green monster - and for no apparent valid reason 
Struggling with Topstyle 4, feels buggy and not as usable as previous version. Really miss the drag n drop text  Back to V3 for for me.
strugling with exams 
STS#127 launch postponed 
stting at home its so cold in perth 
Stuart gets W in tournament.......i get 5th.  Lol
Stuck @ the lite.. Almost 10 mins late to class 
Stuck @ traffic 
Stuck again on Twinsen's Odyssey 
stuck at bus depot with the bogan school kids. Wishing i could drive this year. Eeep 
Stuck at college on utube arr 
Stuck at curledge when i just quite frankly want to go home. Still in a bad mood  xx
stuck at dancing for the next 5hrs and 10mins 
stuck at home baby sitting 
stuck at home in Temecula for the night  someone come save me pleaseeeeee!
stuck at home on a friday night..sucks my moms car is getting fixed which causes me not to have my car 
stuck at home sick again 
Stuck at home sick today... and yes, it sucks 
Stuck at home until the Marathon is over.  
Stuck at home, come sneak me out?  
Stuck at jury duty  this is going to be a very long day wah wah wah
Stuck at maurice's with the girls 
stuck at my cousins baseball game, pleeeease talk to me, all sports bore me 
Stuck at my parents, worried about work &amp; my car is broken  
stuck at query analyzer 
Stuck at some country band thing. 
stuck at the airport in a fogged-in Halifax 
Stuck at the car dealership while they hopefully install the part. Please let it have been the problem. Need some special key todo brakes 
Stuck at the hair salon   The price for &quot;beauty&quot;.
Stuck at train station in Menlo Park for an hour since  it doesn't come til 12:30 
Stuck at Wembley Park. Train broken 
stuck at work 
Stuck at work  makes me a dull boy lol and it's so sunny out side http://twitpic.com/8d8iu
Stuck at work  Perfect weather outside!!!
Stuck at work  would rather be with Guildies filming BTS.. Luckily I have a BTS assistant who is shooting for me. I hate missing the fun.
Stuck at work again ... I haven't spent an evening home this week and won't before monday! 
Stuck at work late trying to tie up loose ends in prep for my day off tomorrow.  Won't be home until after 9PM at this point 
Stuck at work longer than expected   so much left to do tonight too...
Stuck at work on a beautiful Sunday 
Stuck at work on a friday night  so pumped for day trip to toronto tomorow tho! Going shopping and then to a play with connors fam
Stuck at work on such a fine day  would rather be in a beer garden now.
stuck at work on this lovely sunny day 
Stuck at work until 830 
stuck at work with 2 fans on and the window open - Dying  
Stuck at work. . . Don't know till when 
Stuck at work. I'm missing Curtis Stone at The Bay downtown for all this. BLAAARGGHH, no Take Home Chef for me 
ps - have you ever woken up and been more tired than when you went to sleep the night before? yeah... i went to be early and everything 
PS - I'm SO jealous of everyone who gets to go to Bamboozle.  
ps - we found a wrist splint here at work and i was so excited but...it's for the left hand.  ARGH.  my wrist is killing me 
PS @andreblaze  i'm not lovin u right now!  Song 4 u: Bye Bye Love by the Everley Brothers *sobs loudly* :p
PS flat is too warm. Sun gonnae boost. 
ps how do u change pics on this thing? it says the pic is too big 
PS I have the best boyfriend in the entire world. He is so amazing in every way. *muah* baby I love you! okay now I'm getting off. 
Ps I miss you @radioashley really bad. 
ps ick i think im getting allergies! noooooooo!!! 
PS- I'm ALWAYS on twitter.....2 bad nobody reads mine  or even cares :,,,(
ps James has just beat me up and it really hurts 
PS listening to BFTS playback and loving the tweets on my flist! Too many faves to list. ...*sigh* leaving for AUST on Tuesday 
ps why aren't i sleeping yet?!? 
ps, twitter still won't let me hava picture 
PS. does anyone know how to do book selling math? I did bookstore used price minus $5-10, cool? I can't afford to lose to much on these 
Ps. Had a dream abi and i wer gulping down orange juice. Woke up with such an urge.. Alas ther was only pineapple juice in my fridge  xo
ps. i miss my shopping partner 
ps. i'm upset because i was going to watch ellen today (i remembered for once this summer) but golf was on instead. 
ps. thanks for waiting so long today sorry @nellocello and i are ridculously slow. i was soo wanting pinkys too.  (@cherilynnnn)
Stuck at work. One more hour to go. 
stuck doing pyschology essay how boring!!! 
stuck for days on where to go next  | drupal.org: If you don't need a wysiwyg at all, you can just use the.. http://bit.ly/100qVh
stuck here  ~*Lady*~
Stuck home tonight 
Stuck in 217 traffic 
Stuck in a room of staring faces, caught in a nightmare, can't wake up. I need my babies now 
Stuck in a traffic jam in Bankfoot just north of Perth Scotland. 
Stuck in another 5 hour car ride back to msk... 
Stuck in another airport for 10 hours. Philadelphia airport is basically the worst place on earth 
Stuck in Bay to Braker traffic hell in San Fransisco. 
Stuck in Beijing airport  all flights delayed indefinitely due to stormy weather!!!
Stuck in bloody traffic 11 miles outside Chichester - this is a bit dull, to say the flaming least... 
Stuck in chicago trying to get to new york  bored out of my mind
Stuck in class. 
Stuck in customisable look and feel hell 
Stuck in doctor's waiting room. Had to check in via touch screen. You have to be really ill to get to talk to the receptionist 
Stuck in frickin Clydebank due to a line fault so the trains aren't running... Can't face another 12mile cycle 
stuck in huge traffic jam 
Stuck in Mayberry. If anyone ever wants to follow plain little me. I'm here. 
stuck in moterway traffic!! 
Stuck in my bed don't want to move from here. 
STUCK in my CAFE!! 
stuck in my cubicle alllll day 
Stuck in my room  Can't leave it, I've got the flue. Not the Swine shut up
Stuck in office till 5. It's so warm outside 
stuck in parking traffic for the Rhino's game 
Stuck in rush hour milwaukee traffic 
Stuck in some shitty traffic! This day is going to be crap 
Stuck in some traffic   I shouldn't twitter while driving! lol
stuck in spain and cant catch up on harpers island. raginÂ´J.D died last week 
stuck in stupid school on a saturday until 330!  ....cant wait till the regents is over!!!!!
Stuck in summer band. Eww. 
Stuck in the car waiting for my windows to defrost. 
Stuck in the doctor's office coz I didn't have an appt, I just &quot;walked-in&quot;.  I've been waiting here for over an hour now 
stuck in the lab coz of the heavy rain 
Stuck in the library 
Stuck in the Linc by myself   Charlotte decided to go to Psychology rather than keep me company!! Cor, College is boring; sucks being back
Stuck in the middle of corporate politics - I hate playing these games 
PS.... now that the mag is out, I CAN post the pics.  I'll upload tomorrow!  I have to wake up in 3 1/2 hours! 
PS: I have exams end June/beginning July. Crazy? YES! Cruel? Definitely! Optional? No...  Well, at least I don't need a high mark to pass.
ps: i think twitter sucks if you dont have free unlimited texts. 
Ps: I'm gonna need some major therapy that may need to start asap. My parents never had a wedding cake 
ps: sad i'm missing ohbijou at soundscapes because of mcat studying  i hope the nerd karma will reward me somehow
Psh on John. He wouldnt give me a hug today  hah, he lives in my neighborhood, I'll see him around.
PSN Store still hasn't updated   i want my final fantasy 7!!!!!!   NOW!!!!!!!
PSP go Cmon guys follow me please im friend less  lol 
PSP Go confirmed http://bit.ly/Px2ne  Son....I Am dissapoint  Awful hardware design
PSP-3000 is hacked. I always wonder why the fuck I sold mine. Oh I know. Because it was white and I thought that it was ugly for a PSP 
Psshh... Bff... More like... Whatever I'm not gunna to there!  I don't care what goes down, my summer will be perfect! With or without u!
pssshh i'm still sad.  WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY?!!!??
Stuck in the office staring longingly out of the window at everyone else  having a lovely time in the sun 
stuck in the potty room til the rain stops 
Stuck in the rain 
Stuck in this f*cking house all weekend!! I can't even go to the gym 
Stuck in traaaffffic stilllll 
Stuck in traffic due to bridge work on 93 
Stuck in traffic going home. And tank s nearly empty 
Stuck in traffic on a perfect weather day! 
Stuck in traffic on I65 
Stuck in traffic on the 91 on the way to costa mesa 
Stuck in traffic on the M74 in lovely sun shine 
Stuck in traffic on the way to school  will there be time for starbucks... Stay tuned!
Stuck in traffic on way to work   http://twitpic.com/6e383
Stuck in traffic.  http://myloc.me/5yGr
Stuck in traffic. Got 4 more iPhones to unlock. Maintenace light just cameon in the XD.   http://myloc.me/6nI
Stuck in traffic. I moves 6 inches since the concert ended  I hate this!!!
Stuck in Youngstown with a dead battery. Shit 
Stuck inside all day  http://yfrog.com/0qk0pj
stuck inside crunching the numbers while it s gorgeous sunny autumn day outside 
stuck inside doing paper work again...lol The AC is not on today and its suppose to hit 100 today  Must leave soon! LoL
stuck inside on a day like this 
stuck inside on this rare gorgeous day in brussels, studying for finals   distractions easily welcome
Stuck inside until all my pants are out of the drier.  
stuck inside.... its raining 
stuck it out for relay for life as long as I could, sad to be missing out thoug 
Stuck on a call 
stuck on chinese too.  not in the modd at all. can die without computer.
Stuck on my own at work super stressed. I wish i was somewhere else 
stuck on side of highway w/my dog &amp; a flat tire Not my best Sunday ever 
stuck on tha side of tha road w/ a flat tire  i WUZ havn a good day
Stuck on the 710 ... Going to my 2nd job ...  ... Why can't I find a good office job???
Stuck on the couch motionless as any movement makes the back pain a little more agonizing.  Not fun 
stuck on the plane for an hour ... Delays at heathrow 
Stuck on the runway instead of flying to florida. 
stuck on the same task for almost a week now....... feeling helpless 
Stuck on the tarmac @ Sydney Airport...Storm approaching...No ETA from cptn 
Stuck on the traffic 
Stuck on the train from hell with ndog to brighton. Too many people who don't speak english. We wanted to sleep too 
Stuck out in highland til the car repairs are done...  oh well
Stuck with a fridge at the front door and a delivery man that wouldn't take it up the stairs. What now? 
RE: @moime1812 awe, what happened? I'm sorry connor  i love you!
Re: Drew's Sub. No bike....  View: http://bit.ly/IK0Oy  by roger-dodger
RE: ExpertBlogTipsCan You Re-Engage Nonconverting Traffic Through PPC - http://dwarfurl.com/d2a78... link not working 
re: the coffee thing ... it's going to be one of those days I wish I never got out of bed.  ok, smile pretty! Buck up!!
re: this morning's poll... it's irrelevent now, I can't remember my nice dream anymore 
re:sunshine...phenomenally done. finally finished it, omg cillian murphy I&lt;3U. too bad you had to crash into the sun 
Re; my last tweet, mr burns.... Someone just told me 
reaallyyy nervous about the keychains 
Reached a follow limit, had to unfollow those that don't follow me back. Sorry 
Reached late to the office  
Reached my PROPX limt  @LuckySong @ZOEBOE @KatelynD @Rella Shout tweetmeme.com aka da hottest links  i see u... â™« http://blip.fm/~7jeu1
reached office 
Reaching for inspiration for my Poetry! No luck so far 
reaching for my protein bar yet the yummy food smells coming in from the restaurant next door are making it look less appetizing 
Reaching reaching for charger.... almost..... stretchh a lil bit moree.... yes yes *GOT IT!!!!*........... and I fell off the bed 
Reaching sentosa in 2 hrs. 
Read a book last night and forgot about the time. Hello Mr. 3am....paying the price today 
read a word he didn't know and felt his brain preparing to go for the 5-way controller before remembering that real books don't have them 
Read about the Air France plane crash. . . So sad!!  http://tinyurl.com/nyp36z
read d news bout tr knight leavin'...n i wntd him 2 stay 2 c wat wud hppen after he gets through getting hit by a bus 
read hints on 206cc forum last night on how to fix my roof issue Woke up excited to try out but its raining really hard 
read on to read studies and theories disputing that it unsettles me  Wish i didnt read it. i am such a sook.
Read the statistic that domestic cats kill an estimate 250,000,000 creatures each year ... no wonder there's no animals ... 
Read the synopsis for the latest doctor who online. It's sad how I can't be bothered to watch it 
Read this morning the first pages of &quot;MÃ¤gelexemplar&quot; and heared Madsen. This combination made me sad. 
Read to head back up the mountain, but wishing I could see a good friend too, who's in the opposite direction 
readding my entiree psycholgy book, SHOOT MEE PLEASE 
Reader en 0 pero Starred items +100 
pssssht @eyemDOPE.... so i'm not worthy... 
psyc test monday = not prepared for it. 
Psyching myself up to go get attacked by the nesting seagulls.. I'm definatley taking an umbrella this time, don't want to get scalped 
psycho of course! runner up fat-trak 
PT school sucks.  
PT WAS SO MUCH FUN MY TEAM WON AND I CAN'T BELIEVE MY BEST FRIENDS ARE LEAVING IN 5 DAYS 
Pttt, Seems Grader is still down 
Pub at half four, that's bloody hours away 
Pub closed til further notice... So i am now at another pub 4 my lunch... Its not as good 
Pub dinner was good but I know have a food baby that's causing me major discomfort  
Pub was cancelled  wonderful. Now I'm really bored :|
Public holiday today but my sleep-in has been interrupted by the banging of the professional ppl laying the timber floor downstairs  Urgh!
Public Holidays on a Monday suck when you don't work Mondays to begin with 
Public restrooms are so nasty, I need  a nose gay 
Public restrooms disturb me 
Public Service Announcement: Fellas, when a girl says No, cooperate, u can avoid catching her in a lie later on. She didnt wanna talk 2 u 
publicat al 5-lea interviu despre Effie si ultimul,thank God. la al 6-lea nu mi s-a raspuns ca am fost rea si am scris analize pe IQads 
Puddin' is going to cut his hair? But I love the way it looks right now... 
Reading a book under the covers with my trusty flash light. I miss my dear friend @jenluvv 
reading a few chapters of choke, sleep, work. i still feel like shit. 
reading a superrrrr BORING book 
reading about AF 447. Its so sad 
reading about Bushmeat trade in Africa - that's so sad 
Reading about Dumbledore's death and funeral is making me feel very sad about my cat.  Is that just ridiculous, or what?
Reading about the Air France jet that broke up in the sky is making me scared. How will I get on a flight next month? Flying sucks 
Reading about the dreadful massacre in Tehran yesterday. Man's inhumanity to man is just sickening sometimes 
Reading about the mississsippi river allllllllll day 
reading about the plane in NJ ! how sad 
Reading about what's missing in HP6 movie... ugh. Don't even feel like watching it anymore, sounds like it would SUCK. 
Reading abt Darfuri women  http://tinyurl.com/lgzce3
Reading and missing Chris. Nothing new 
reading and reading and reading and um reading? needs to be drugged by caffeine now 
Reading Angels &amp; Demons. Hope it's good. I never did read the Davinci Code. 
Reading at the moment. Almost done with the left behind series. 
reading Beyond Good and Evil reminds me of being in school.  i miss school 
Pudding just isn't pudding if you don't have whip cream 
puerto rican in tha chi this weekend!!  not goin damn!!
Pues no, iChat no 
Puff has a girlfriend 
Pug just woke me from an incredible sleep! 
PuGs the pain of the unfuilded 
Puking is not fun.. 
Pulang dr pim huhuhu bye agaaaa 
Pulled a calf muscle in my sleep last night and it still hurts 
Pulled a hammie running and goes into hospital again tomorrow 
Pulled a leg muscle. Can't swim today. 
pulled a muscle in my back 
pulled a thigh muscle trying to sit up from bed.  hurts like hellnand cant walk more than two three steps. 
Pulled all the tendons for my toes. Just got x-rays. Have an ace wrap on my foot now. 
Pulled an all nighter  roughhh..
Pulled an all nighter. Ugh... sooooo tired 
pulled another all-nighter, cuz I couldn't sleep   wish me a good nap later please!
pulled it off. If only the picture had turned out. 
Pulled me neck at the gym Ouch!!!   
pulled my knee on a climbing trip at Mount Nemo yesterday  
Pulled out the couch, did not get near enough pizza, and Dad has the thermostat in the mid-eighties, with no sign of turning it down. 
Pulled over for doing 55 in a 45 zone. 
Pulled over to sleep in &quot;poop town&quot; Northern California smells bad 
Pulled over.... This sucks... 
pulled something in my neck 
PULLIN AN ALL NIGHTER!! By myself  bff fell asleep
pulling weeds for 4 hours today. not fun. totally sun burned. 
Pulling what little hair I got due to the new 3.0 iphone os. 
Pumped for WWDC tomorrow, though can't indulge in anything announced bar Snow Leopard 
pumped gas this morning and realized i didnt have my wallet 
reading books on world history...  how interesting...   
reading bout susan boyle... oh god  poor woman... pray 4 her &gt;.&lt;
reading burning sun, again. this is the best fanfic ever! i wish i could find Fire, here on twitter 
Reading Carpe Corpus and going to aunt's house 2morrow. Guess I should sleep for the long drive ahead, but im not really tired. 
Reading cosmo then bed without my love 
Reading Dan Brown: &quot;Digital Fortress.&quot; I expected the science to be bollocks at the expense of flow, but so far, the writing's crap, too. 
Reading Debito's debate without have watched/read the interview is still interesting, but I think I should watch/listen it, at least  baka
reading Destructive Emotions by HHDL and Daniel Goleman at work. Way too busy for a Friday 
Reading Dhana's &quot;check in&quot; message&quot;   But realizing that I won't see her much this Summer  
reading docs.......  .... but cant wait for the match Sri and NZ.....
reading doraemon comics over and over again . im doing it just because im so boreeeeed . uhh 
Reading EIP again. I really must not have taken in alot of this first time around.  http://www.enterpriseintegrationpatterns.com/
Reading Florida Today. Not much in there to be happy about. Tough times in E Central Florida 
Reading for my Markedsexam 
Reading Foundation and Empire, but not really enjoying it - it doesn't have the spark that Foundation had 
reading GEO... 
reading 'Granpa' makes me cry 
Reading Huxley's Brave New World... Should be doing English, Ancient and Math Revision.... 
pumping iron also. 
Pumpkin has been eaten by a snail and a slug. The two offenders were stuck to the side of the pot looking smug. Most disheartened 
Pumpz is the ultimate pillow stealer. I had to leave my snoozy goths this morning  http://mypict.me/24u1
Punjab govt sucks...no electricity 
Punjab lost ystrday! I lost 100 points 
Punky is sick ... we're home today 
pupils dilated... can't see a damn thing. 
Puppies = no sleep time. 
puppies are lounging in the sun and i get to miss the last soccer game of the season 
Puppy boy is back at hospital minus half his ear 
puppy I wanted was adopted yesterday  I guess my dogs don't get a little brother anytime soon. but at least he isn't in a shelter now
puppy is home but in pain 
Puppy sitting my Boss's pup. My dog isn't happy about it. Broke a nail in the process 
Purp gone, back to this Reggie. I'mma tell u like somebody told me: Reggie belongs on the field, not in a blunt 
purple clay that now contains kitty fur 
Purple underdye- Wooo I love coloring my hair! Lets hope I don't mess up 
Purrrrrrr. People keep passing me, but no one pets my belly. 
pursuit of happyness is a sad movie  will smith at his best.
push for iPhone in Italy is a pull service!that's so bad for the batteries (less than one day autonomy)... unusable  os 3.0 not so useful
Pushing Daisies final episodes YAY!  Also kinda boo since they are the final episodes 
Pushing Daisies is by far the most lovely show ever created.  I have one final episode left to watch before it's all over 
Pushing Daisies.       Can't believe it is over!
pusing !! huhh . 
Pusing ngurusin ReGex, otomatisasi, konvergensi access, sql dan oracle  Pulang dulu...
Pussy out (like a boss.) Ditching out on my bandmates to sleep    #whatcotyisnotdoing : selling merch or wearing a tie.
Reading in union square. God I'm a nerd 
Reading inspiring &amp; creative blogs on the net, need all the help I can get. Still can't find other hervey bay artists on here 
READING INTENSIVE, LANGUAGE INTENSIVE. .. AHHH! what did I sign up for  It's only been the first day. . .
Reading JIRA tickets about documentation I can't find.    Reinventing the wheel sucks.
Reading manga and chilling with Jayden. I'm scared 
Reading material at the maternity hospital: 'A visual guide to practical dentistry'! What an 'interesting' magazine! 
reading Midnight Sun and wishing Stephanie Myer would finish it 
Reading music theory and can't make sense out of any of it. Sadness. 
Reading my high school books. Chemistry, math, physics. How I miss high school 
reading outside, jeezo its cold 
reading pigman  annoying teachers
Reading Seventeen mag on a Saturday. 
put my bed together and my back is killing me 
Put on a fresh pain patch.  I think I need sumthing stronger.  VICODIN IS A GOOD DRUG FOR PAIN, BUT VERY BAD FOR YOUR LIVER. 
Put some miss u notes in a green bottle for pickles on her mini shrine saw her tail whisk by again 
put the video outthere. man it really sucks.  whatever check it out (: youtube.com/0pancakes0
put to much pepper on my dinner 
puts the wine back 
Putting 2gether company presentations isnt the easiest thing in the world.Google is not my friend today 
putting ice on my lip  watching jimmy fallon, then sleepin forrealz
Putting in aps for new places today. Ew the weather is giving my a head ache  &amp; not feeling very pretty in my fave shirt anymore either :/
Putting in my time in the rec concession stand this morning. Everyone in my house was still asleep 
Putting mother nature to good use! Man i'm baked  goodnight twitter and world.
Reading some fanfiction. It's what lonely people do. 
Reading the @peta2 blog: 'Most Terrifying Foods in the World'...&quot;Baby Mice Wine...rice wine, stuffed with baby mice...left to ferment &quot; 
Reading the new Lee Child novel . Love that Reacher. Dissapointed with ending of The Associate 
Reading the outsiders 
Reading the python doc tutorial and at a point where none of the examples work on python 2.5.2 but only on 2.6 . hard to try out 
Reading the stupid driver manual. 
reading the sugar mag that came through  my door vanessa is on it 
Reading the tweets coming out of Iran... The whole thing is terrifying and incredibly sad...
Reading then going to sleep. Busy day tomorrow&lt;3 
Reading third book in Twilight trilogy. Read New Moon in 3 days on hols. Its taking a little longer with this as im not sat on a beach 
Reading this review, you may draw the conclusion that I hate " The Da Vinci Code ", which isn't true.
Reading through how the brain works &amp; dreams, I remember dreaming of going to the mamaks last night. But b4 my thosai came.. I WOKE UP! 
Reading till 4pm  You'd think having an entire pool to myself might be fun...not so much..
Putting my dead umbrella to rest... 
Putting on at an exponential rate 
putting on my best &quot;cape cod/nautical&quot; outfit and taking a nice walk along the beach... without my girls 
putting on my comfy sweater rug and passing out. today was perfect except for the loss of my bowl 
Putting plaintext data into a database for a freelance project. Got to insert 300 rows manually, regex won't be able to save me this time 
Putting the finishing touches on the perfect little black dress. Too bad I have no where to wear it. 
putting together my religion exam cheat sheet   i really don't wanna do it 
Putz Sucks.... Put him up there with Heilman, Mota and King Armando Benitez...   #Mets 
Putz, Muricy caiu 
puupy keeps biting me. tried several things but now have bloody finger  suggestions?
puzzle caches upset me sometime  should be able to get out caching today!!
Pweaze don't rain until a get back from the sunbed shop 
PWNING da nubz on my drood, bad lag though 
Reading until I fall asleep. School tomorrow 
Reading up on Flight 447. 
Reading up on some clicker training tips...about to go to work 
reading virtual pages 
Reading Winter's Heart by Robert Jordan. I am about half way through. I am reading it on the Palm, so no page numbers 
Reading, as always. Too bad its so cold outside.  Blah.
Reading, then skype date with Andrew! &lt;3 It's gonna be an early night--I gotta get used to this new early-bird schedule. 
Reading. Dont feel good 
reading. i've been reading so slowly lately  it makes me sad. must catch up.
Reading: &quot;Iran schedules Ahmadinejad's swearing-in - CNN.com -  how disappointing&quot; (http://twitthis.com/wge49s)
Reading: &quot;Obama signs sweeping anti-smoking bill - White House- msnbc.com&quot;  dick ( http://bit.ly/WSAIq )
Reading: &quot;Swine Flu e-learning course created by Devon County Council :: PublicTechnology.net  http://tinyurl.com/ogeqv5 )
Reading: 'Charlie's Angel' Farrah Fawcett dies at 62 - Yahoo! News - How sad   http://bit.ly/1uzm2F
reading: German boiled alive in empty soup vat - bad way to end life  http://bit.ly/DXJ8O
Reading: Setanta Sports will go off air within hours http://tr.im/pu6S 200 Jobs lost  #twackle
Reading: totlol.com closing down july 1st http://www.totlol.com/t/about  this is a real shame 
Ready 2 Go! But, I don't want to 
Ready 4 bed...But I still have a party to go to  ...
ready 4 skool urgh dinnny wanna go  BOOHOO on the bight side MCFLY IN 4DAYS YEEEE HAAAAA !
ready 4 work, headache  will be fine! good morning to all!!
ready 4 work.... 
Q: God?  A: yes? Q: why? A:  ....................
Q102 is sending me to the Britney Spears concert hahaha Im a 15 year old trapped in a . . . well in a 15 year old body haha 
Q5 I can only play them on Guitar Hero, LOL I wish I could play any of their songs for real  #MCRchat
QA jobs in the Australian Video Game industry seem thin on the ground  next stop: gaming journalism or graphic design lol
QC broke my website. 
Qc campus finishing up a paper 
QFC wouldn't let me buy booze because the person standing next to me in line for self-checkout looked under 21 
Qik currently does not work with with iPhone OS version 3.0 !!! OMG i am screwed 
qoinq to ralphs 
qosh today is qoinq by slowlyy  haha.. waitinqq.
qot in trouble w. mommy &amp; daddy.. =\ wnt be online for a while quysz .. 
QR + Veolia FAIL! Translink, the buses and trains don't align, so the early train is just as late as the  bus one hour later 
Quake in LA and my kids are there  ? http://blip.fm/~6iite
Quakes lose to the first place Mavs 5-3 
Quality of code I'm reviewing right now: 13 WTF's a minute 
Quality will come from that effort, not from slogans, posters, or even threats. : Sturdying Kannada.. say tough 
quarrel with my mother for trivial things .. we were fighting just because I had to play the flute! 
quasimodo genitii: good morning from rainy ks: @work; will miss holy supper today;     ;constructing 'to conquer' list; reveiwing russian
Ready for a long day!  Work til noon, @ lunch break go 2 dentist, if all good, no pain &amp; return to work. If not good I'll go home in pain 
Ready for a rare FREE DAY tomorrow!  No work, no boy!  It's good, b/c the next 3 weeks are gonna be reeeeeally busy for me. 
Ready for a sport filled day, 1st Lions game, FA Cup Final and then more boring mundane tasks 
Ready for another boilin hot day in skwl  x
ready for another week of school work! Blah! So bummed that the Magic lost! 
ready for another weekend... No, wait it's just monday 
Ready for bed.  Must be old.  
Ready for bed. Had a great day in SF! Not ready for work tomorrow    iPhone in 5 days!!!!!!!!!!!!
ready for bed... long day to come 
ready for my close up lol!!! Man its so ugly outside  where did the sun go?
ready for my little boy to come home  from spending time with grandpa and grandma
ready for my nap... practices at 5pm 
Ready for New York, but I'm gonna miss my bear 
ready for school 
Ready for sleep but having trouble sleeping 
Ready for some time off. 
Que cagada que Kenny este hablando en South Park 
Que chatice no msn 
que internet tan lento 
Queen's Birthday holiday!  That's why I'll be at work and my family'll be at home 
queria eu estar on the carpet lÃ¡ no movie award.. 
queria ter ido no show do Mcfly 
Queria ter visto a 2nd Floor no SPFW 
queriaa coffe bean no br 
QUero jogar The Simsssss 
quero o meu Lines, Vines and Trying Times! 
quess love knocked me down ||| not in dhe mood  qone **
Question of the day #2soft voice) shawty where u at?? 
Question: @WWE @WWEUniverse Why would you investigated @LaylaEl page &amp; NOT just ask her. I'm her Official NewMediaGuy, she will contact u 
Question: Do you think being physically &quot;there&quot; will make someone more loved than you, who is not &quot;there&quot; with the lovee? I think so... 
Question: How much gravel is there on 10 square yards in your garden? More than you can handle 
Question: If @trfall has NO problem with me watching Diggnation, why does he not want me watching superbad? 
quests are NOT working except for the 6/1 one  http://plurk.com/p/xphs1
Queues everywhere I turn 
Quick dash to Richmond Park for a couple of laps...much slower than usual, feeling the 2 weeks fieldwork break I think 
Quick fix for now--we will just hang all while resolving an IP address. 
Quick hi-ho! Signal is sketchy while traveling, I apologize for not being able to reply  But miss you all 
Ready for the bad traffic again 
Ready for the weekend, but not looking forward to the 100 degree weather tomorrow! 
Ready for things to turn around....this bad luck crap is getting old 
Ready for tonight, making an awesome dinner w boo, parents are watching No. Now come on 5 - time u are movin annoyingly slow today 
ready for work hmm.. tired  ...x
ready for work tmr..hate Monday anyway. 
ready for work.. nt in the mood to serve a bunch of mean customers 
Ready to call it a night but Alyssa is still up! I wish my mom would get off my fucking back 
Ready to come home....I get a whole half day at home before I have to leave again 
ready to end a bad day 
Ready to get drunk!!!! 
Ready to get off work.... Missin B.... 
ready to get out the house! 
ready to give Leah some lard, so she'll fatten up some. She seems so skinny. 
ready to go back home.  Watching 3 nieces while 1 niece gets a cast put on.  She broke her wrist yesterday.  
Ready to go back to school now  http://tinysong.com/3dLu
ready to go eat and pay some bills  Hey Nancy lol hmm i might be liking twitter..need more followers lol
ready to go home and crash - not feelin' this sinus infection at all!  At least I have the Bachelorette to cheer me up!
Quick nap, dinner, no work out facility here... 
Quick stop in Hopland @ the Mendocino Brewing Co - Cali's oldest brewpub apparently...no dogs allowed 
QUICKDOAHAPPYDANCECUZ THERESTHESUN OHNONOWITS GONEandnowimsad...awwww 
quickest night out in a minute, but still gone  too much drink, not enough loud
QuickPwn is not finalized yet have to wait for a while 
quiet damp day yay. Also, in other news, fists of plastic fail 
Quincy just said punk rock music kills. wooo! in a bad way. oh... 
quit my jobbb... so tired, yet i cant sleep 
quite a boring night. sleeping alone tonight too. ugh 
Quite bored! Still up and can't sleep  feeling nostagic perhaps
quite bored, not much to do when you've got a swollen hand wrapped in a bandage  very painfull
quite conserned about my ipod touch, it takes quite a while to turn on,    and my followers have gone down again 
Quite disappointed that diamondback jerseys are over 100 dollars at the stadium, when i am only willing to spend 60. 
Quite good to get back to normal after a marathon weekend. Too old for that now 
ready to go home and sleep, not looking forward to the drive after work 
READY TO GO HOME!!!!   
Ready to go home.. 
Ready to go home.... In pain 
Ready to go into work now.  cannot be bothered.
Ready to go party! My boxer is not too happy about it since she can't come  http://twitpic.com/6abj2
ready to go to biology  ... i have to have an injection tonight !!  not cool .. i hate needles ! :'-(
ready to go to my cousins...at five...its now 14:22 
Ready to go to the wedding! my throat really hurts though 
Ready to HAMLET! Would be so fucking awesome appart the fact that will be in the UERJs theatre! I wont back college one more time today 
Ready to have this baby! But this baby isn't ready to be had!  37 days!
Ready to kill myself  i hate history
Ready to leave work...only 5 hours to go 
Ready to make up wit @ReggBstro  thinking out loud!
Ready to move out!!! 
Ready to see my family in Kinder tomorrow! i am really missing them  ChelseaMarshall
ready to sleep for work tomorrow 
Ready to sleep!!! My eyes burn 
ready to sleep,  . I wanna get this off my mind...
Ready to start training again in the morning after a lovely week off (due to illness of course!).  Not looking 4ward to alarm at 4.30 
quite mad at mo, think chocolate will make me happy nd  cuddles but mummy isnt home 
Quite night at home    (sigh)
Quittin' Time! It's the weekend! Still wish I was at PNC Arts Center with @petarij seeing Jack's Mannequin though. 
Quizas esto no lo deberia twittear but i miss her so much 
Quiznos pesto all over turkey sandwich  manager acted like she'd never heard of pine nuts. Bitch. Employee v nice and remade.
quizzle night was good yesterday btw  although my team 'bethan and the partridges' came second to last 
Qulit on and wishing the sun would shine, by this weekend. Enough rain! 
Quote from a Dude last night I was on the Phone with Dale I don't want to be with you like that I just want to Fuck you  Sad isn't it
Quote of the day by Alexis Gosselin &quot;Daddy, I don't want you to leave anymore&quot;  i heart her
Quote of the day: Zoe- &quot;Can I have a bobby&quot; Me- &quot;Whose Bobby?&quot; Zoe- &quot;A bobby pin...&quot; and I was hoping there was a cute guy called Bobby 
Quotes about global warming for tonight. I'm starting to worry that I will soon run out of daily quote themes 
Ready to take Tucker to the vet for his teeth cleaning. It's nice to be home and actually do some errands. Tomorrow I leave for Miami 
ready to work 6 days in a row! . okay maybe im not 
Ready to work out. 1h on treadmill + arm workout + pushups and abs  come on Julien. No pain no gain...
Ready, Set.... hmmm DELAY 
real bad sunburn on my back. ouch 
Real Coda mail: &quot;You know those whatever you call them under the 'Local' tab? I thought they were links or something. So I deleted them.&quot; 
'Real Genius' house of overflowing popcorn myth busted  (http://gossipdatabase.com/node/7078)
'Real Genius' house of overflowing popcorn myth busted  http://popwatch.ew.com/popwatch/2009/06/mythbusters-real-genius-popcorn.html
Real housewives of new jersey finale tonight  When is next one starting? Television rules the nation.
Real love can make it, right? 
Real mad my net stopped working outta no where currently on the phone with Verizon Tech support 
Real quick?! Sitting in between heaven and hell I fuckin miss poo so much, 
real sick....   sounds like atl is the place to be tonight...
Realised I haven't fed my spider solitare addiction in awhile. When I realised that I played spider solitare for an hour. Sick of STATS 
Realised I left my phone after setting the alarm at Subway, normally I leave it to pick up the next day but it was my PHONE, mannn 
Realised im stuck in the habit of sleeping 5-6am now..damnit  i feel so crap.
Realised in the shower that I haven't seen my little brother awake since Monday evening. He's in the next room sleeping 
realised it's best i not make cupcakes if i half half a gastro bug 
realises you shouldn't tweet stupid jokes that look maybe like lies because if you delete them they still stay on google 
realising that if I want a high C, D or HD this semester, I'll have to completely cut myself off from the world for the next two weeks 
quoting @kmzrtl &quot;fail on so many levels!&quot; my lmao sounded more like crying my ass off cause my jaw was hurting while i lmao. 
QUT I am so not in a good mood with you right now. Please reinstate my arts degree, my business degree will be lonely without it 
r @5tu My brother used to own an 85 toyota that had similar shape (and instrumentation) to a deLorean. Tried to get him to BTTF it but no 
r @codinghorror if I hadn't seen the iphone3G v 3GS smackdown I wouldn't have known the difference   I'll just have to wait for the 4G...
r @JohnMacIntyre: filthy and demeaning.  But for which of the two?
r @Mayor_of_Twtr heh, I do it because Twitter won't #FixReplies 
r @sbohlen Yeah. The claim about replies not scaling might've been true, but still needs to come back some way, some how   #fixreplies
R is getting worse  woke up with a tummy ache &amp; still not wanting any milk nor food. I miss my lil mischievious boy.
r u going to cook cher??? wow!! what a suprise mmmm somethings smell fishy 
r u still there? ? I guess not    i want to talk to you
R.I.P @cassiewowlovely 
R.I.P Adam Cook... 
r.i.p air france pax 
R.I.P Bertie the Cat. 
R.i.p chloe my cousin's sister in law  10 years old and died in a car crash yesterday Life's not fair 
r.i.p cris isaac.  &amp;sethen hold strong.
R.i.P Dad...i love you. :'( Now what to do... see @danecook or sell my ticket?  Life is just NOT fair. :'( :'(
R.I.P dearly beloved big toenail 
R.I.P Dolla I Love You You Will Alwayz b Missed And In My Heart! 
R.I.P dormÃª you will be missed!  http://twitpic.com/7ra9j
Reality check......... I'm Max......... And Keith! 
Reality has struck.  Jay Leno only had two more shows left with The Tonight Show. 
Reality is finally sinking in...life isnt what i thought it would be 
Reality is sinking in now 
Reality just hit me a moment ago 
Reality slaps me in the face pretty hard. Cruel joke! Thanks life. Back to Tampa. 
Reality TV has got a lot to answer for: The Nolans NOLANS are reforming 
reality: physics is tomorrow! i'm fucked 
realization: I feel sick every morning. 
Realized 2-night that we were all glutened. I just had the most obvious symptoms. Second time from our local Outback Steakhouse.  Fail.
realized how sad it's going to be without @pathosphoto....what a great photog the journal will be missing! no more rides &amp; talks 
realized i just deleted pride pics 
Realized I'm down to the last 1/3 of my B&amp;BW Melon Cooler body wash. It's part of Temptations line, it's anyone's guess if it'll be back 
realized nathan wasnt at church this arvo. wonders why and is excited for wildfire night. on the car, on the way home now 
realized one of me followers left me  thats very sad
realized that i hate rain... like absolutley DISPISE the rain  ................. it sucks
Realized this morning that I forgot to meet up with a friend last night due to pure exhaustion. Feel bad. 
Realized very late that i qa-notes have not been updated. .. too bad on my part 
Realizes how much happier I am at home w/ my family, if only I could spend the rest of my life at home! 
realizing i dont have any pics on this comp 
realizing I have so many things left on my to-do list 
Realizing some food co. r ruining cookbooks. They're changing product sizes so u pay same, but get less. Can sizes, etc r wrong in books. 
Realizing that death by plastic is not related to asphyxiation but rather to paying large sums of money with a credit card. 
realizing that i am toooo old for the stuff i pulled..my muscles hurt like hell 
realizing that i messed up last night 
realizing that it really takes a village to put a book together; luckily, most of the villagers are so nice/helpful! legal dept. later 
realizing that i've been neglecting twitter.    but work is actually interesting now. matthew is keeping me very busy!
realizing that poison ivy takes 12 to 36 hours to show up.   emphases on the 36 part. lot worse case then i though i had. 
R.I.P everyone on the Air France flight  Sad times
R.I.P Farrah  I'm so devastated by this. I thought she was a brilliant person. http://bit.ly/WK8hk
R.I.P him ..... it's not really a nice Fathers Day to his children 
R.I.P iRiver x20 4gb mp3 player. You will be missed. 
R.I.P Josh Verity  I'm going to miss you more then you could ever imagine. Thank you for everything &lt;3
r.i.p michael miss you   gawny be so hard today &lt;33
R.I.P Mobeens, Ilford.  For those that know, it's a sad sad day 
r.i.p mr birdy  and yes izzy, 3pm x
R.I.P Mr.Crowley 
r.i.p mrs. f .. we miss u .. 
R.I.P my cat of 16 years. Sad day 
R.I.P my Chanel bag. You will be missed 
R.I.P my kitty Boomer 
R.I.P My mouth. 
R.I.P Pinkie. You lasted me a good 5 months 
R.I.P Rocky the canary 
r.i.p rocky, you were a great little canary.... 
R.I.P Ryan  Evryonees Upset   x
R.I.P Shana. Beloved mom, friend and fellow DFer. You will be greatly missed. 
R.I.P Spencer... I really loved you puppy.... 
R.i.P Steve :'( . Gone but nevahh will be forgotten. Woww this is unbeleivable 
R.I.P thanks for all We Miss you 
R.I.P to lebron/kobe puppet commercials... 
R.I.P to Mike Tyson's daughter 
R.I.P To Our Cat Dave  He Had To Be Put Down 2day
R.I.P to the best art teacher in the world  Mr Tellam
R.I.P TwitterFon.  No more internet on my iPod!
R.I.P www.idopeboy.wordpress.com  fuck you terms of service, fuck you!
R.I.P. @Hank4014 
R.I.P. @stevedrider you lived such a full life but was taken from your friends too soon 
R.I.P. Aaron Lesmiester... Jus caught tha news earlier  i celebrate ur life, but still feel tha pain, much love classmate... GJ@de_
R.I.P. Adam Cook 
R.I.P. Adam Cook. 
R.I.P. Augusto Boal.  http://tinyurl.com/cppthb
R.I.P. Coach Daly. What an absolutely miserable day for basketball. 
R.I.P. Cute lil heart shaped sunglasses 
R.I.P. Farrah  Your hairstyle will live on forever.
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away.   (via @PerezHilton) she was so strong &amp; brave.
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett, I will miss your beautiful smile 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett...  A super-hottie to the end.  Now a real angel.
R.I.P. Great Uncle Richard. 
R.I.P. J.G.Ballard; truly one of the all-time greats.  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/8007331.stm
R.I.P. Jeremy. We'll see you in eternity. 
R.I.P. JILL DDD: || AN DI CAN'T THINK OF ANYBODY ELSE WHO I HATE TO MISS AS MUCH AS I HATE MISSING YOU.   
R.I.P. Jimmy (My CHUCKS) ... * sad funeral music... they were a good pair of shoes... 
Realizing that the Saturn dealership no longer has saturns in its showroom... They're now KIAs. Yech.  So sad.
Realizing the importance of milk. doodhwala was on tadi yesterday 
Realizing u have to work on saturday at 8:30 am when u thought u didn't sucks hairy ballsacks 
Realizing why my blackberries at the Farmer's Market were only  89 cents 
realllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy wanted to go to see rascal flatts 
realllllllllly tired and only got up about 10 minutes ago 
Reallllllly wants to participate in Lamar's summer dance camp. Why do I have to be in school? 
reallllly sad to be home from myrtle beach  time of my life.
Reallllly tired today  the feeling of being graduated finally set in.
Reallllly want to go to a @ddlovato concert  why do I have to be so broke?? I even found tickets with amazing seats...ugh!
realllly needs to pee! 
Realllly wanna find that acoustic heartless song that played on MYfm 
realllly want a roast dinner.. but seeing as im on my own... fish finger sandwich sounds about right 
reallllyyyyy wish i didn't have to go to work today. 
Reallly want to do something tonight but need to stay in and revise 
really angry at myself sometimes... 
Really annoyed with myself because I lost a pair of my mokume gane sphere/spiral earrings (think I threw them away by accident). 
Really annoyed with Verizon tonight. It's been about 9 hours of no web pages. Email &amp; TweetDeck OK - but no http. Grrr. 
Really annoying pain under my left ribs, been hurting all night and feel sick.  Boo!
Really bad cold  I get a day off school thou 
Really bad day. Broke up with my boyfriend 
Really bad fever 
Really Bad Head  Knowing N.M is finished filming is making me impatient for the finished product &gt;
really bad headache  #squarespace
Really bad headache today 
really bad leg that hurt though 
Really bad sore throat and lightheaded. AND finals. UGH. 
Really bad weather today, rain,thunder and lightning how bad could it be.! 
Really badly wanna go skating  Le why am I not allowed until all the school have broken up and rinks gonna be packed  *princessy strop*
really big bee beside of  me 
really big hair! ran out of mascara with only one eye done 
Really bored 
Really bored and lonely. Playin on the itouch wish i had something to do 
really bored and sore 
Really bored and tyred  wot should i do?
Really bored have no clue what to do 
really bored my brother has a friend over    so bored!!!!!!!!!!!!
R.I.P. Jodie Im gonna miss you, I guess i'll have to fill your shoes and piss in Roy's beer 
R.I.P. Nivea Toner (best stuff ever) never again will my skin feel so soft and clean 
R.I.P. Pat Collins  î??
R.I.P. Prince...you were a good dog... 
R.I.P. Shane Fair 
R.I.P. The turtle i hit 2day 
R.I.P. Tia i know your happier now! 
R.I.P. to my Mom (1/15/30-1/23/75) and my Grandmother (12/22/1904-12/3/2007). Happy Mother's Day. I love you &amp; miss you....... 
R/C Helicopter + great height + out of signal range + asphalt road = a very, very smashed heli. New parts are going to take a week! 
r94  (reset of svn, need allot debugging i think  swiftlet 1.0.2...) committed by svenn.dhert http://tinyurl.com/nzyur9
Raaaaain!! The fishing trip has been cancelled until next week. 
RAAAAAWWWWWRRRRRR!       ooh. thats a scary tweet! 
Rabbit ran in front of my car. 
Race for life today. 56 minutes. Me and Scotty tore up the track. Wharty bum did it in 20 though  lol
raced with Linsey and Jules this morning . . . who knew the OUHSC had so many HILLS? Geeee . . . they about did me in. 
Racer X just told Speed that he's not Rex 
Races got rained out tonight, were headed back home 
rach got a booty call sms at 11:30pm. Feeling left out; nobody ever booty calls me at 11:30pm 
rach is takin the computer from me. 
rachael forced me to get twitter 
Rachel Alexandra isn't being run in the Belmont...now I have to rethink my bets for next weekend. 
rachel and anna are skype harassing/bullying me...   
Rachel doesn't care 
Rachel is mean to me...  
really bored nothing planned for the weekend yet  new to twitter anyone want to help me ?
really bored to study.... 
really bored, i wish i'd gotten up a bit earlier today. i need clothes for tomorrow. 
Really bored, kinda sad 
Really bored,nothin 2 do, i want to go shopping 
really bored. 
really bored. and now i'm not sure if the sleepovers gonna happen  Sadness!
really bored. has noting to do right now. 
really bored.. hate this weather!! where has the sun gone  xxx
really bored... aminah wont give me fudge brownies 
really bored..... it's storming here - tornado warnings and everything 
really bored....regreting not doing anything this weekend 
really boring day today it's been raining like forever!!! not impressed at all at  all 
really bummed about the canceled fly society party tomorrow  
Really bummed that camp is over 
Really bummed to be missing All Points West this summer- line up looks great!  No rock music amongst the Kenyan wildlife!
Really bummin now since no summer tour.  Rush in Rio
REALLY can not sleep 
Really can't be bothered getting ready to go out tonight 
really cant be bothered going to work tonigh, its too nice to be stuck inside 
really can't be bothered to go back to school tomorrow! (N) 
really can't get my head round to studying!  last exam tomorrow tho! 
Really can't stay asleep more than 10-15 mins at a time 
really cba to start revising... esp. seeing as its chemistry i have to do 
Really cba today...post tour syndrome has kicked in and I feel tired and emotional 
really confused. I really don't know what to do 
really considering buying a bug vacuum. 
really crappy week...... i dont wanna say goodbye 
REALLY cross, tired and angry 
Really disappointed that all of Derek Kirk Kim's older comics have disappeared off the internet. Not cool, Derek. 
Really disappointed with the end of ER! Bringing some of the cast back felt forced and it just fizzled out in the last ep. I feel robbed 
Really do not know how to do my archives 
Really do not understand in the slightest the point of this...or how to find any of my frineds 
really does not like the country she lives in IRELAND. OMG talk about monsoon season and its suppose to be summer 
really does not want to do (and definately not in the mood for) any work 
really doesn't fancy work today  and what to do after?!
really doesnt feel good 
really doesn't feel good 
Really doesn't feel like doing all NINE of these assignments....I would much rather be in the 5pm service 
Really doesn't like goodbyes  @cessokelly have a great time
Really doesn't want her friends to get mad or her boyfriend to be upset all night  what can make EVERYBODY happy???
really doesnt want to do much of anything today 
really doesn't want to go back to school on monday 
Really doesn't want to go to work  I hate working late
really doesnt want to go to work !!! only a week to go until closing ... 
Really doesn't want to have to get up at 7am tomorrow 
really doesn't want to spend her Saturday night doing homework. 
really doesnt want to work grad night!  so no nice
really doesn't want to work when it's such a nice day outside 
really don't feel good 
Really don't feel good!  I REFUSE to leave this house if I dnt want to.
really don't feel like doing any work today-but everyone else seems to be 
really don't feel like getting up today... but got to study to for tomorrows practical exam... 
really dont get the design argument 
really dont know what Im at today, all over the place messing things up, head just not with it 
really don't mind (too much)) sittin @ standstill, listenin 2 music, twttrg. But the gas gauge isn't lookin healthy 
really dont understand ebay + i dont want to sell my only expensive handbag but i need the money 
Really dont wanna go into work  want to go to hyde park and feed the duckies instead!!!!
really don't wanna go out tonight for meggie's birthday  its nothing personal to her or the group - i just wanna stay in tonight :/
Really don't want baked  #fb http://mypict.me/2QNn
Really don't want to be here today 
Really don't want to change my location from SF to LA but its done  chapter closed.
Really don't want to do this driving lesson 
really dont want to go home, i have dreamt so bad today. i just can't go home, here is already my home. 
really don't want to go school tomorrow 
Really don't want to go to work 
Really don't want to go to work for a stupid 3 hours.... 
Really don't want to ride my bike all the way to J-town... I truly am a srew up. I picked the worst time to wreck the car 
Really dreading my work trip today. Would love to stay home and get rest. But alas, no such luck. 
really effin tired.. and not ready to face reality tomorrow 
Rachel made me get the java chip instead of what I normally get cause she said they changed the name! WTFF 
Racing is canceled for Friday, June 19th due to wet track.  Track is closed 
rad someone just dumped water on my head  jerkkkk
Radian6 being particularly unresponsive- not helpful 
Radio 1 lied, sunny my arse! Now I'm cold 
radio Cinderella rerelease of Umbrella = so unnecessary/weird. feels like a desperate PR attempt to keep Rihanna relevant/ nontragic. sad 
Radio Disney prizes: PPP premiere tix  ; on set of Sel. Gomez  video ; On set Demi photoshoot.. All useless.
Radio Show is Over  I'm sad. But I can finally go to bed!! It's freakin 5am!!!
Radio sucks! I miss my iPod.  #radiosucks
RadioNZ wanted to resched interview for this afternoon but I couldn't do it b/c booked up w/ clients 
Radioplay went terrible! So many technical dificulties! 
Radishes!  Then back here to do my poetry paper  I got NO coffee this morning &amp; that makes for a grumpy Jade. Yesterday was good though?
Raelly anooyed 
Rafa - you break my heart. 
RAFA definitely wonÂ´t play at Wimby. thatÂ´s really SAD! IÂ´ll miss him a lot! the another throphy for Fed, oh well 
Rafa in doubt for Wimbledon. How very sad for him. 
Rafa in trouble 
Rafa is out of Wimbledon... an extremely tragic day...  http://bit.ly/ZovA2
Rafa is out with an injury and Ana gets a very tough draw.  Good news, I got my computer back just in time for Wimbledon. No more thingy!
Really enjoyed ER last night, can't believe it finishes next week   Loved Bones too, wasn't expecting Booth to really be ill eek!
really enjoyed my evening off with Q, back to work now... 
really excited about Maryland Crabs tonight! but not so excited about having to say goodbye to @hanab.... 
Really fed up of orange sluts coming into work, ordering 1 can of coke between like 8 of them and hogging my sunny tables 
Really fed up, Need Sleep but cant. 
Really fed-up already, homes so boring. Bad times for beth 
really feel like tweeting today..lol.....really missing those low gas prices 
Really feeling down because I wasn't able to play badminton.. DARN IT!! 
Really feeling in the mood of track 9 &quot;Golden&quot; on Chrisette Michele's I AM cd..... 
Really feeling lik crap , may go back to bed  sniff sniff
REally freaking sleepy! im at the airport waiting for my trip to manila! ugh tummy hurts going to cry in the corner  hehehe!
really frustrated with the NC legislature for their decision to go ahead with http://www.performancemarketingalliance.com/ 
Really frustrated with Time Machine. Yet again, we've got to wipe the whole thing &amp; back everyone up from scratch. 
Really fucking loved him 
Really fucking pist. .  cant wait to move far away from everyone ;-(
really glad i got to sleep properly had my babygirl with me not happy about this god forsaken British weather it sucks 
really gutted to be missing the boat with JZ today 
really had my heart set on winning a blog make over...  guess it'll have to stay broken.
Really hard to tell whether I'm allergic to dust, pollen, face-cream or make-up. Possibly more than one of those 
really has had a shiity week! n just when I thought it couldnt get any worse..I'm told of a death in the family! 
really has nothing to do  I'm sooooo bored..............
Really has the urge to read L.A. Candy but knows I have to study 
really hate being ill  whits has just left me on msn! how mean! im all alone now  ohh well talking to my bro XD
Really hate cell biology 
really hate feeling like this  should be happy today the weather is still awesome and yet i feel like shite
really hate summer class,, not learning anything at all 
really hate to say this but i dont have much spirit like i used to for bali, sorry fellas 
Really hate waiting for mail to arrive 
really hates chem.  http://plurk.com/p/uiq3a
really hates delayed trains especially 44 minute delayed trains. Now going to be late for work 
Really hates her job 
really hates this week... 
really hates trains... my 2hr45min train journay involves an hour's connection time in the middle of nowhere 
Really hating @tracecyrus right about now, haven't been to Paris since I was 8 years old 
really hating life right now. 
really have the winter blues today 
Really have to get my butt in gear and get this work done, but its so hard when it's such a nice day 
Really haven't had much time for photography recently  So instead will just pimp out my old pics! http://bit.ly/3kBtG6
Really hope that our laptop makes it here before I leave Thurs. Let someone borrow it, but he has been increasingly hard to get ahold of. 
Really hope the Air France flight disappearance from radar  is down to technology and not something worse  http://bit.ly/4zWiM
Really hope there's something decent on TV tonight, as I have just realised I'll be PC-less and hence no TweetDeck for me 
REALLY hopes he'll play &quot;I Come Running&quot;!! cannot believe how thoroughly unappreciated/underplayed it was last year  #asot400
really hopes it doesn't thunderstorm again today...especially since we lost 3 good mares yesterday.  (hit by lightning, one in foal, too)
Really hoping beach vball gets cancelled due to this not so nice weather  http://twitter.com/mjlundeen/statuses/2008545348
really hoping that sleep comes sometime soon  imy-jsf &lt;3
Really hoping to get a job.... and is now getting worried! 
rafa is winning yay! nearly 3500 words on this thematic not quite done yet... want to watch man utd 
Rafa isn't playing Wimbledon this year 
Rafa out of Wimbledon  Love Drunk by BLG out September 8
Rafa out of Wimbly: major sadness 
rafa will be missed! 
Rafa will have a press conference to announce whether he'll play Wimbledon. Tbh, I think we all know what he'll say. 
Rafa withdrew from Wimbledon.  Oh well, that's the best for him. I don't want him making his injury 100 times worse. Get well soon, Rafa!
RAFA!!! I cannot believe this! 
Rafa, please get well sooner than later. 
Rafael Nadal lost the game!  i feel bad for him!
rafa-less wimby...aaahhh! sad! sad! sad! 
Raffa lost   Soderling was brilliant well deserved win * claps *
raggedy ann however did not like what happen to her 
ragin i didn't see you today  i wouldn't have known what to do if i had though, tbh i would have probably run!
Ragin' I'm missing this  #E3 bloody black screen
Raging at broken Skype  Where is @toritruslow? 
Rahhh, NEO seems to like to take its time with reviews lol, still not in issue 60  I think I'll compile a magazine list...
Rahhhh someone find me a cheap angled liner brush preferably from an aussie online store 
Raiden just died 
Raiden would have been so much cooler is he remained a pretty boy. 
Raiding the kitchen for food - MISSION: FAILED   Guess I should go to Tescos, uuuuurgh
Raid's canceled tonight, sad face 
Railload has commenced, pushing out to NTC on the 3rd....no July 4th for us 
Rain  again
Rain - an excuse to be lazy if every I saw one. I have to go to the other half's Dad's for Sunday lunch though 
rain  go away, duh! ...listening to MGMT - kids
Rain - just in time for the pool party 
rain  wow we get alot of that lately :/
Rain !!  Off To See Matty ....  ;) x
Rain + work all day = 
Rain = no football today 
Rain aagrh! 25 miles off road on the bike does not seem like a jolly prospect 
Rain again  I want some sunshine.
Rain again today   Yuck!
Rain again.  There goes happy hour on the rooftop 
Rain again?! 
rain all day...no riding my bike into the office today.     But it was a good ride last night.  I'll post route later.  #fb
rain already 
Really Hoping... I miss everything 
Really horrendous allergic reaction...tongue sores, face rash and all  i am not having a good time anymore
really horrible mood  i feel so ugly and wrothless, what's going on!?
really hot in IT oh! 
Really hungover. Need to get to post office to pick up a parcel before it shuts at 12. Too drunk to drive. CBA with bike. Long walk it is 
Really hungry and sad that I had to throw my breakfast in the bin  http://tinyurl.com/od3tgj
Really hungry, really tired, really hungover and generally quite ill. Best stay in this evening 
Really hungry... So tempted to finish off this half eaten pound cake off a patient's tray... 
really ill. 
Really impressd with @cleartrip explanation to Kiruba incident.n agree with them that sadness gets propagated easily,even by social media 
Really in a bad mood !!!  I hate do things I don't wanna do !!!
really in need for that free reiki session I got. My spirit is drawn from me by some evil force 
Really irritated about these phantom updates not from my blog from hootsuite.  This is the second one   http://bit.ly/3n0d57
really is craving some Outback but disappointed b/c they don't open until 4pm 
really isn't feeling good. 
really isnt very well 
Really itching to try the new Direct2D API.  Too much work to do before play 
really just wants to stay in, but is going out anyways? 
Really like the Universe Silverbolt. The robot mode has a really nice old school feel to it. Last Transformers Animated next week! sad 
really likes the Decemberists. I wish I was going to Rock the Garden 
Really liking this Lose it! iPhone app, only 542 calories left today though 
Rain always ruins my plans. Even in st. Louis. 
Rain and looming deadlines are making me think I'll stay home tonight. 
Rain and the cold..... Sux 
rain bleh   where is the sun?!?!?!
Rain BOO - don't want to go out to the shops 
Rain canceled trip to the temples  guess we'll have to try next trip @ New Delhi, India
Rain clouds...we had to cancel beach trip, parents too nervous... 
Rain delay 
rain delay for #cws 
rain delay. been waiting for like an hour -.- i wanna go home 
Rain delay. Being held at camp  #alc8
rain go away ..  its already cold ... i miss summer dammm  xx
Rain has stopped me from picking up my comic books. 
Rain has turned really heavy. The traditional Irish Summer has arrived. I'd say &quot;at last&quot; but that would imply I wanted this... 
Rain having me think  I might need to reschedule a client (need to walk a good while) and boys soccer whill cancel 
rain in belfast  where did the sunshine go??
rain in NYC already....Citi Field looking like it will not happen 
Rain is coming 
Rain is cool until it starts leaking into your house, ruining stuff. 
Rain is evil. That is all! Booooo @ it 
Rain is pouring down over Dublin 
Rain is Shit 
Rain is so nice. However, I want to go run 
rain is with me .... 
rain made me change my sunday plans 
Rain make head hurt. 
Rain makes cars angry...stuck in traffic 
rain makes me unhappy 
rain makes my hair fuzzy  oh but im going to get so drunk tonight that it wont really matter anyways!!
Rain never let up  now to hop on the trainer
Rain no longer in the forecast. But I would be willing to bet that if I took the cover off the Jeep early, it will rain for sure 
Rain on my parade of beer and fire 
Rain on the first official day of summer???  we were going to go swimming later this afternoon.  
rain or shine defeated by ginebra..tsk! 
Rain out at the US Open today 
Rain over Munich... 
Rain pelting against window and Britney 'Everytime' on radio. What happened to poor ol' Brit 
Rain plays spoil sport.. Ground not ready and tournament postponed till august.. The only reason to be out here is gone 
Rain pls go away! 
Rain rain go away  and take the bolt of lightning that came way to close with you
Rain rain go away come again another day 
Rain rain go away come again another day  -PrinceMitchell
rain rain go away come again another day all the world is waiting for the sun 
rain rain go away come again another day. 
rain rain go away come back when I'm home and safe 
RAIN RAIN GO AWAY DON'T COME BACK ANOTHER DAY 
rain rain go away i wanna go to the crawfish festival today 
Rain rain go away p-p-p-please mister 
Rain rain go away we wanna BBQ on Saturday all dayyyy.    This Seattle-like weather sux
Rain rain go away!  Cloudy and rainy in GA. 
Rain rain go away!!! 
Rain rain go away, come back another day!  still having a blast, so thats all that matters, right?  Hope you All are having a Blast ...
Rain rain go away, CWS game postponed. Editing an Kinkos tonight- yippee. 
rain rain go away, please! 
rain rain go away, you just ruined my hiking day 
Rain rain go away.  Come again another day!  
rain rain go away. please dont ruin all my plans 
Rain rain go away.. So I can get to jerzey okay!! Its a tsunami out here smh 
Rain Rain Go Away.... No Plans For Today 
Rain rain go away......never come again 
Rain Rain go away....I hope it doesn't rain during Orientation 
Rain Rain go away...come again some other day 
Rain rain go away...the puppies want to go outside and play today.  
Rain Rain go away@ home watching the rainfall 
Rain rain plz go away ha sick of dis irish weather  
rain rain rain again? How dull 
rain rain rain, I might have to cancel this afternoon's L-Style session 
rain rain rain.... hope Beijing will have better weather... although I still have no passport 
Rain rain, go away. Come again another day. 
Rain rain, go away.... My first day off in awhile, and of course it's cold and rainy 
Rain rain... PLEASE PLEASE go away!!! 
Rain showers again. Piddle. No grass cutting now  again!
rain stopped.  now i have to leave. (bye) http://plurk.com/p/116xle
rain sucks 
Rain suuuucks   Universal was fun and dry for a while, though.
Rain today - good day to clean 
Rain today? 
Rain water leaked in and ruined a box full of new books  now deal a the land lord and get him to fix it. Ya right 
rain! please stop so I can play sand vball! 
Rain!? So much for the brewfest! 
rain, again 
Rain, rain go away!!! We just had a HORRIBLE thunderstorm! We even had hail! I hope it doesn't rain at Alive fest! Boo rain! 
rain, rain GO AWAY!!!! 
Rain, rain go away, come again another day 
Rain, rain go away, please come back another day!! 
Rain, rain go away.. Its not allowed on my Friday 
rain, rain go away... causing too much congestion today     Yucky mold count!
Rain, rain please don't come today 
Rain, rain, go Away 
Rain, rain, go away .... I want to play tennis this week 
rain, rain, go away! i want to go to the pool 
Rain, rain, go AWAY, cause Heather wants to play 
Rain, rain, go away... 
Rain, Rain, Go away...this weather sucks and it's not helping to improve my mood- sitting in class w\ a migraine 
Rain, rain, rain  Thanks for the summer, short as ever.
Rain, rain, rain... So cold and wet 
rain, rain. go away 
Rain, sand and kids do not mix! I'm sooooo over this rain and sooooo don't want to get a needle in 25 mins 
Rain, what? I was gonna two-wheel it to the SC office today. 
RAIN. AGAIN. Are we being punished? 
Rain..  AGAIN.. Seriously  
Rain.. Rain.. Rain.. Is that our summer over 
Rain...  In Turkey??
Rain... Rain... Go away... 
rain........wind.........wet feet........cold handy's.............poor me 
Rain...go away 
rain...rain...go away...come again another day 
rain...raining down...rain 
rain?! why'd you have to pour on me like that? 
RAIN+MOPED=PAIN 
Raina &amp; Mommy are gonna take a bath. It was a wack day 4 us. we we're all cranky  work out has me drained &amp; i only went for 30 mins!
raina, rohit and yousuf are brainless idiots who can be fooled anytime by anybody...and dhoni just sucks ...how much will poor yuvraj do 
Raindrops keep falling on my head  ... when it's so crappy out... what do you do?
Raine Rain go away..come again another day 
rained all day...  at least a reason to stay inside and learn.
rained off shoots are never fun 
rained out @Sime after one hole 
rained out from the tigers game 
rained out the festival 
rained today.  love rain but can't go throw 
rainin like crazy  but still bout 2 dip 2 dis party
RAINING  Hope it's nice tomorrow for going down the bing  Music Lesson tomorrow : s Haven't practiced (As ussual)
Raining - no cricket today 
Raining again  Hope tomorrow is nice! shooting at the botanical gardens in edinburgh! http://zoestewartphoto.blogspot.com/
Raining again  no surprise der
raining again  why is Scotland's weather so unpredictable
Raining as per 
Raining at the beach  boooo when it rains everything gets on my mind
Raining cats n dogs. 
Raining day..   but... I love JONAS! ;D
Raining day; the kids are stuck inside and the pool is closed.  So said 
raining for 3 successive days! oh nooo  i hope fine tomorrow! ;)
raining hard again,gonna be wet,but not in the good way 
raining hard here! date night's just got canceled again.. 
raining here too.  Wanted to plant my gardenia bushes - now have to clean the house instead 
Raining in Chicago=Sad day for the Magic.... The game just slipped out our hands... 
Raining in Detroit somebody get me out of here 
Raining in Dumfries 
Raining like a madman; got soaked after english regent 
Raining like nuts today. Luckily the drainage for our house is decent. We're at the bottom of a slope 
Raining outside but it is not heavy enough to cool down the hot weather here ... boy it is boiling hot here 
Raining over here 
Raining so much today  wish i was in a hot country! Just revising again today, want to go out!! Argh x
raining which means no tanning  major bummer!
raining, raining, raining... when will it ever stop? so kapoy na to fold pants and hold an umbrella....  i think i'm starting to feel sick
Raining. POURING. and im driving to frederick. 
raining.. again! 
Raining... 
raining.raining.raining! 
rainny day 
Rain's over. 
rainy afternoon! .. so confused! .. tsk ..  http://plurk.com/p/y232c
Rainy and cold day here in Buenos Aires  , and I still without voice...
Rainy ass day- stuck in my room - 2 finals and a long ass paper due  someone rescue me from this!!
rainy cloudy day back in the 305  french open and movie awards tonite-unpacking! hate coming back to reality!
rainy day   clean house I guess...
rainy day  , in need for some sunshine , wish I could order some sunshine LOL
rainy day  hmm what to do.
rainy day  put on a headband and north face jacket
rainy day at the house...i'm in the mood to clean....where did @cmking6 go? I miss her 
Rainy day blues.... Wish I wasn't enrolled again at school...  &quot;walang pasok bukas!!!!&quot;
Rainy day here in Jackson.... 
Rainy day here in NYC..  Starting my day here at work already
Rainy day here on the east coast  .. Hmph what to do?
rainy day in DC today -- nice, slow traffic 
Rainy day in LA 
Rainy day in Michigan 
Rainy day- kinda bored with nothing to do  very unmotivating
rainy day today.. 
Rainy day.  Lets all just go to Hawaii.
Rainy day.  mall later maybee?
rainy day.  so bad. (trying to make my hair look great -_-
Rainy day. Should I do the washing today? 
rainy day.. 
rainy day?? 
Rainy days &amp; Mondays always get me down 
Rainy days and Mondays, actually &quot;rainy Mondays&quot; are not phun! and then again: http://bit.ly/5yqWc  
rainy days and Mondays...........you know the rest 
Rainy days makes me 
Rainy days suck im over this!!! 
rainy friday  - So today, I got off at the Aquarium stop to go to work in Faneuil Hall. Of course, Iâ€™m... http://tumblr.com/xrc1yoafg
Rainy in colorado.  on the other hand if there was rain yesterday it would have been a disaster.
Rainy market. 
Rainy Monday morning brings word of #oracle buying #sun http://is.gd/trag - perfect for mood of dark, wet day 
Rainy Monday...Feeling yucky 
Rainy monday...perfect day to stay in bed...too bad I got to go to work. 
Rainy mornings make me want to curl up in bed all day but I have to go to work. Blah! 
rainy night 
rainy night &lt;3 !!  why i always forgot what i have in mind  {seguimos con los lapsus ajojao}
Rainy night, school tomorrow 
Rainy Saturday  organ is a funny word!!!
Stuck with damn homwork 
Stuck with hw n I feel accomplished as well as reali-ng I coulda done this earlier 
stuck with so much work!!! 
stuck, cant do much it seems 
stucked by traffic in sudirman, mean while worms in my stomach can't stop singing 
studin have a test tomorrow 
Studing   Exam week for school this week 
Studing - but am tierd of this and the test is next week 
Studing  tests all week long! I don't think I'll survive
studing for exams, yuck.  cant wait for summer! â™¥
STUDING.. so boring, but I got to make it done! 
Studio time all done and dusted... miss it  will let you know when the tracks are all mixed down and sorted x
Studio, concert, back home, a little tired, Stupid boot.  Listening to music. Excited for the game on SATURDAY...(I still love Nuggs tho).
study  how boring.
Study Abroad in China &amp; Volunteering in Guatemala: Almost Over  http://bit.ly/QI5qI: Study Abroad in China &amp;am.. http://tr.im/pd8J
Study Day   ppfffff it's sucks xd
study for her exams  .!
study for this test!   How the hell do you use this site! lol
study group and OM test tomorrow....damn the exams are approaching sooo fast 
study history of music ..... bored ..... help me please!!!!!!!!!! 
study is very hard to start 
study island. 
Study leave is amazing tbh  shame about having to do the exams tho 
study pharmacology ... it sucks i need holiday 
Study Study Study! FInals are tomorrow and all I can is study 
study study study. it seems to be never-ending. tests all the time.  
study time, grrr. math is raping me in the butt!  hopefully i pass, then its summer time!
Study, again !!! 
Study, study, study! Gotta pass those mocks  On a good note, I got into the Ultrasound program! :-D
study.study.study! noooo  just want to do wat i want to do! sigh
studyin' 4 monday!! 
Studyin for my Intro. to A&amp;P test   so glad semester is almost over!
Studying  the countryside alliance and me do not go well together!
studying !!!! in the morning while eating 2 cereals is no fun! ugh out with the girl for some rest.. studying some more when i get home! 
studying &amp; doing homework all day! 
studying :/   ... i miss you mom!! 
studying 4 my finals 
studying a lot!!!! physics is sooooo hard  but it's ok because i know God is with me and is taking care of everything!! GOOD NIGHT!!!
studying about geography ... and its soo hard 
Studying again.. 
studying again...   gosh, my whole life is about human anatomy... when will my &quot;real&quot; life start again???
studying all day for my last final...wish i could say last final ever 
Studying all day...got my physio psych final tomorrow 
Studying and watching Catch Me if You Can!!! Nursing School never let's me have fun!!   ps missin the boy!!
Studying as hard as I can while feeling terrible. Spending entire day in bed. Will be very sad if I have to cancel on bf 
studying at Tim Hortons... an all nighter... plus work 2moro. I'm think I'm gonna be a zombie 2moro...       must...not...sleep!!!
studying before the Maths exam  wish me luck pls
studying but im so not going pass hayes test, rain tomorrow 
studying chapter 4! Addressing in an enterprise network 
studying chemistry 210 ....  losing my mind slowly !
Studying CLE. Didn't do my English homework yet. Oh, and my computer homework is half way done. 
studying cystic fibrosis for my Bio test tomorrow  i love shibby 
studying economics....woomp woomp  but come monday ill be on the beach!!!
studying for a sociology examm 
studying for anthro exam  soon it will all be over 
Studying for Bio all night long...ugh 
Studying for Biology exzam tomorrow..   I shall be a BioMaster by the 1:30 tomorrow!!
Studying for chemics exam 
studying for class...2 tests today!  and then working until 7 straight after classes are done...RAWR! :/
studying for english exam 
Studying for english exam tomorrow 
studying for exaaaams 
studying for exams 
studying for exams    bday friday!
Studying for exams  but sleepover tonight 
Studying for exams  save me
studying for exams .. 
Studying for exams actually not really  i hate STUDYINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG 
studying for exams all weekend. devs 
Studying for exams and trying to finish this paper that my professor emailed us all about and wants it tomorrow. 
Studying for exams is never fun but gotta do it 
Studying for exams, damn. 
Studying for Final Exam 
studying for final exams 
studying for finals  can't wait for Wednesday!!!!
Studying for finals  grosss
Studying for finals and making graphics....wishing I could go out and do something. 
studying for finals YAY 
studying for french and chemistry...yay 
studying for French exam alllll day 
Studying for french exam tomorrow 
studying for french exam tomorrow  soooo boring 
Studying for god damn, ENGLISH test tomorrow 
Studying for higher English Exam tomorrow 
Studying for history and english, 
Studying for history final exam. Not fun 
Studying for math  *GROAN*! and lovin' the rain 
Studying for my culture sciences examination 
studying for my exam tomorrow 
Studying for my exams 
studying for my exams   all the Fresh verbs in all the thenses :o! pff... 
studying for my exams  then going to danielles house
studying for my fabulous anatomy tests (yes, i mean more than 1) this week 
studying for my gay geometry regents tomorrow 
studying for my history vocab exam  i have 3 exams in history, 2 in reading and 1 in science. thank the lord for no math exam!..
studying for my math &amp; English final.. I just want summer 
Studying for my math exams . . I'm so bored. . 
studying for my math final. its going to be the worst out of them all  not feeling too confident!
studying for my regents exam tomorrow!! 
Studying for my science quiz tomorrow. Its pretty easy. And at the same time sad becuase the CMT Awards all almost at its end. 
Studying for my spanish exam tomorrow  I feel pretty confident--is that bad?
studying for retail management class  soooo lame. fml.
Studying for science regent, cant fail or else i have to take the class over again next year 
studying for tests... what a great three day weekend 
Studying for the Earth Science Regents for tomorrow.  With my luck, I am going to fail with like a 64.  Blah. 
studying for the first of many finals 
studying for the project... 
studying for tomorrow lot of exam  ......also excited - my daddy's b-day!!!!!
studying for tomorrow's assignments at the Lung Center. cant stay on the net too long. i miss twitter &amp; facebook 
studying for world history regents  only 4 more left: World History, Spanish, French, and Math B ughh!
studying fro finals 
Studying german .. ahh I'm so afraid 
Studying Hard for my exams 
studying in college library today - guy next to me has headphones on &amp; they are so loud I can hear them even tho I have headphones on too 
Studying is not going good today  I've been sitting in front of my book for like the whole day. Hmpf. Help?
studying is not going well 
Studying is such a burden 
Studying Japanese on 3 hours of sleep has given me one hell of a headache 
Studying like crazy for exams this friday 
Studying math is just so fun. 
Studying math... What a waste of brain cells and a Sturday night 
studying maths for exam on Thursday  I hate trig graphs!
studying my ass off for exams 
Studying my ass off for my multiplexing exam. 
studying my butt off!! i really wanna go ouut 
studying my weekend away 
studying now, though  ... likelihood and pseudo-likelihood functions ... could it get any more dry? well, gotta do what i gotta do ...
Studying on a day like this... aint fun 
Studying physics  Not fun at all. I'm really tired.
Studying today  Bad times.
Studying!!  I have a few exams those weeks... Plus I have an headache.. 
studying, as always lol  i'm SO nervous, almost freaking out :/
studying, exams suck 
Studying, its so hard to focus with rpattz dancing around naked in my pitiful girlish mind. 
stuDYING.  dates suck. got all the titles and the majority of the artists though! woop.
studying. Moving out in 5 days  cant beleive it. I love  my life here  Dont make me leave!!!!!! Please?
studying.. but wishing that I owned and was playing Sims3. I know I'm a dork, don't rub it in 
studying...driving back up to school...class 9-12...then lab 1-4...2day is not going to be a fun day 
Studying...It is effing cold right now! Damn I can't finish my 2 essays, I have writers block 
Studying..again..getting sick of this..c'mooon,it's summer time..! 
Studying..its the only thing that i can do now!!!!  Bored!
studyingg.. exams are just lovely.. 
studyinggg  cant wait for exams to be done
studyinggg for comm techh :|.  whatt a boree 
studyinng for finals. fillos and buccis tommoroww 
study'n for regents tomorrow. @oohitsmoi left home after almost 2 weeks of being  in my house   . #peterfacinelli
Studyng marketing  Happy day dad!! 
studyng, I hate history, that's not fair 
study-udy-udy  exams for the next week. joy..... :|
studyy for placements  
stuff from lunch! ants fault, made me eat all ma food  LOL i was full after having half my fries D: went to mcdonalds btw
Stuff I miss about Boston and Philadelphia: Dunkin Donuts, NE Clam Chowder, Wawa, Cheesesteak and of course friends and family. 
stuff this, i'll try again later. For now ill just have a stuffed up dp. 
Stuffed from Daniel's Broiler.....Why can't I control myself there?    
Stuffed myself so full that i feel sick and ive got a car journey ahead 
Stuffed pizza rolls... Yummy!  to all the stuff i can't eat!
stuffed.  eaten way too much pizza.  oh to be a happy fat person    #tweetni
Stuff's been rumbling on. Had a shocking day of racing at Epsom! Not one winner, crappy weather and hideous headache! Oh well 
Stuffy allergy head. Maybe I should've stayed away from pool last evening 
Stuffy nose, check,  sore throat, check..... Might be getting sick 
Stuk in a massive bank que 
stuk in traffic  @Tweety5512 where u at
stumach ache is back, can't breathe, headache.. i seriously think there's something wrong with me 
Stumbled across morris dancers by the museum. Can't think how to incorporate that into my #photomarathon topics! 
Stumbleupon is down!! OH NO!!!! I may have to do work now 
Stung by a bee today  It must have been hiding in the blanket I was sitting on and stung me when I moved. Sun was nice, foot now huge&amp;red
Stung by a jellyfish.. A big one! In the hospital 
Stunning Defeat - I (2245) was beaten by HIRUSHAKA (1714) 
Stunning Defeat - I (2245) was beaten by Nopawn (1815) 
stupid @janetfungus suck ass!!! i hate u foreverrrr.... do i have to hate u too, @lazyass_ ? 
Stupid @westzhang's comp don't lemme update properly. 
Stupid 2AM storms woke me up  practically dead. exams / packing / updating music / packing / packing. last full day in Maryland!
Stupid 7am flight tomorrow 
STUPID aerlingus moved my flight! Land in BCN at 00:35, dinner at the airport instead of in BCN city centre as planned 
Stupid AGM briefing materials. This is more work than I had expected 
Stupid Amercian's on Radio Disney going to JB's concert 
Stupid animal plant shows always make me cry 
Stupid as it may sound, I cried writing his goodbye gift. I'll probably cry next Friday after finals too because he's leaving.  ...School.
Stupid ATM machine, munched on my card. 
Stupid att at best buy was overflowing with people  No phone so far 
stupid audio books not going to my iphone when i download them off itunes 
Stupid auto sliding door to my windstar didn't shut properly. Now my battery is dead. The door always works fine @ Friendly Ford. GRRR 
Stupid back robbery in Vancouver is keeping our news cameras away.  #webraising
stupid Bamboozle weekend. why does it ALWAYS have to sound soo good? 
stupid bed.. it broke.. slept on the floor last night 
Stupid being poor. Stupid everything. 
Stupid Benjamin Button making me cry.  So good.
Stupid bipolar weather ruined my day off 
Stupid birds woke me up at 5 am today. 
Stupid bitches who check id suck 
Stupid bloody blackberry!!!! Wish I had an Iphone instead!!! 
Stupid bloody Duckworth Lewis 
STUPID BLOODY REF.  Is he blind??  Bill Harrigan isnt much better tonight.  I feel like chucking something at the tv 
Stupid body, stop being SICK  Please?
stupid bombers! had the lead for three quarters and lost 
Stupid bots - must be careful with tweets 
Stupid boyfriends paying more attention to the xbox instead of me.  
Stupid braces. There goes my fun. 
Stupid brokeback mountain reference i did.
stupid brokeback mountain YOU RUINED IT FOR ME!
stupid bus driver went the wrong way *angry face* i had to walk for ages then stand outside a store looking like a hobo  gonna play wii-by
Stupid bus was early  I missed it. Stupid thing  Then I missed the bus after that.  Finally got a bus, then missed my second :'( gutz.
Stupid cable operator forgot which channel I asked to activate. I can't watch India's match today 
Stupid cat peed on the couch. 
stupid cat, stupid nom nomz, stupid failing, STUPID EVERYTHING!! 
stupid chairs in the stupid orchestra room. i am SO sore 
Stupid character limits! 
stupid chipmonk.. ruined everything!! im sorry baby.. wish u were still coming..  i miss u. loove you so much!!
Stupid chris phone keeps hanging up on me 
stupid cocking megavideo :@ wish wixi wasnt down today 
stupid col sore. fucking cunt. 
stupid Comcast...grr...net is out 
stupid computer why wont you play any cds 
Stupid cramps, stupid sore joints, stupid work in the morning 
Stupid dental office saying I owe them money that I don't.  I am going to have to march in there with little papers and be such a bitch 
Stupid download rules at work!!! Now have to wait until I get home to read Chapter 1 of America Gene  At least I have it though...
Stupid dvd player won't work 
stupid dvds stuffing up the good bits in jaws. 
Stupid electronic circuits 
stupid english work 
STUPID father, turned off the pc without asking permission. shit! 
stupid fever all night, spent it with flannel on face to stop head exploding. Bobbit i needed you 
Stupid Firefox messing up my pretty page 
Stupid flies ruin everything ,, its so nice outside but the flies ruin it ! 
stupid flu  why won't it fuck off and die?
Stupid FOX cancelled Terminator  http://tv.ign.com/articles/983/983839p1.html Boo!
Stupid freshmen ruined theatre class.. Now we don't get to play warm-up games for the rest of the school year 
STUPID FRICKIN THUNDERSTORM!! ITS 5 IN THE MORNING AND IT WOKE ME UP!!! 
Stupid fridge. It's f-ked up. And today of all days.  Epic fail! 
Stupid graduation  *L!nd@*&lt;3*Cr@!g*
stupid have to be over 18 to get a contract 
Stupid headache.. 
stupid internet both at home and at uni!!! 
STUPID INTERNET EXPLORER!!!! JUST CLOSED MY CLAIM!!! WTF! And where did all this work come from??!!  
stupid internet that 'cannot' display the webpage! me wants to see Dark, Satoshi, Daisuke and Krad in the last two eps of D.N.Angel NOW!! 
Stupid iTunes won't let me update 
Stupid kubuntu keeps on freezing on me. I thought linux never freezes 
stupid lab tmrw...ruined my plans 
Stupid laptop has started randomly crashing again  Need a new one!
stupid laptop missing out on all those sweet TF2 updates 
Stupid legs being randomly achey. 
stupid loner phones!  all my numbers are gone!!
Stupid manhattan streets givin my poor whip a flat tire! 
stupid math tutoring and then i can finally catch up on sleep 
stupid mathletics. stupid pe assessment. stupid review. stupid homework.  bleargh
stupid maths half yearly  2moro
Stupid me turned the oven on instead of the grill. No wonder my pancakes weren't toasting 
Stupid me, stupid laziness and stupid usual (for Russians) delays in everything. 
stupid memory card! 
Stupid menstrual period, it just woke me up, because it started  Grrr, can't sleep anymore. Goodmorning by the way!
Stupid MMVAs are only on in Canada  What did I do to your heart? Did I break it apart?*clapclap* Did I break it your heart?~Jonas Brothers
stupid model wont freaking paint!! The stuff keeps falling offfffff!!!!     
Stupid Neighbours is making me sniffle 
Stupid new neighbors... Woke me up by talking so loud. 
stupid north carolina doesn't sell liquor in the grocery stores, only the ABC which is now closed so I can't smuggle rum into the theatre 
stupid nose. i can't breath out of it. 
stupid parents took my food away 2 hours ago and now im STARVING. why, WHY 
stupid penguins pregame stuff. can't watch Dateline: On tour with Taylor Swift 
Stupid People And Their Stupid Idea Of Breaking Or Getting Rid OfTheir Stupid Phones 
stupid phone, not tweeting as i want it to!  Welcome home, Mange! Great match-racing at the end and grats to Puma for taking home this leg
stupid pldt, I guess they're NOT really planning on fixing my internet connection  Been calling them almost daily already...
Stupid pocket watch has decided to stop again  grrr
Stupid postman needs to hurry up with LVATT 
Stupid power failure...it's so boring without my daily dose of t.v. 
stupid power outage @ home. can't open my car garage 
stupid quaranteen. 
stupid rain is keeping ben at home till next weekend 
Stupid rain makes june go away and puts a wrench in extravagant bike marathon shitshow plans 
Stupid rain means no bonfire. 
stupid rain! now my roof is leaking grrrrr 
stupid rain, hours cut at virtua for a fire!? and now I prob won't work outside either 
Stupid rain, messing with our swan feeding plans 
Stupid rain. No beach today. 
stupid rain...no beach today 
Stupid rainy, cold Sunday!  and no movies to watch grrr!
stupid red wings....... take advantage of five penalties in a row...... 
Stupid refrigerator just bumped me and made me drop my plate on the floor. now my hand hurts from picking up all of the glass 
stupid rental dvds that dont work 
stupid right side of neck/back/head muscles are in rebellion.  Clearly I should take up being left-handed.    ow.
stupid shc healthstream CRAP. ughhh. im gonna be up all night at this rate. 
stupid shit...i hate my retard hands i cant even type without my pinky  you make me fell bad too. sorry
stupid slow internet this day!! cant watch any videos on youtube 
Stupid soccer moms with umbrellas! I keep getting poked with the tips 
Stupid standing room only. I can't feel my butt. 
stupid storm is still going, been up since 4:30 reading eclipse to distract me from the storm. i still might have to do that. 
stupid stupid picture won't show up! 
stupid stupid regina comes out in japan on the 30th 
stupid stupid stupid skipping  had to go hurt my leg.. and now it hurts to walk 
stupid thing wont let me get into my old twitter page so i had to make a new one 
Stupid thing wont let me put a pic up! 
stupid tonsilitis, go away, thanks to you and dehydration i had to have a bloody drip jammed in my hand! 
Stupid traffic! I should have exited crow canyon 
stupid trains im sat around waiting for a train to come in and also i need a job but im to crap to get one  mighty ass-nut
Stupid transmitter  engineers are fixing things should be back up soon
Stupid twiiter wont let me get on my account on my computer  &lt;*single-icious&lt;3&gt;
Stupid Twitter - now I'm faceless ... 
Stupid Twitter doesn't like my pictures. o_O is NOT what i look like 
Stupid twitter won't upload my photo  grr.
stupid update for my iphone wont work 
Stupid URL shortener not working on Tweetdeck 
stupid vickies aint have what I want 
Stupid weather not blowing enough to get to staines in time 
stupid weather ruined my plans 
Stupid website hacking my twitter below, i does NOT get you followers! Clicked on a link that was a bit virusyy! 
stupid wisdom tooth... 
stupid woman didn't hear me when i won  was twenty five quid as well, stupid cow
STUPID YAHT CLUB!!!   ;( &gt;
STUPID!!!! my ipod is taking forever to load. 
Stupid, nothing is like school now  Exams turned into a memory test more than anything.. well. atleast I explained everything required..
stupid. people. goodnight.! 
Stupidddrunl really emuv u 
Stupidlly I just hade to choose the Anaheim - Detroit game to be the one I would see to the end. Finished in the begï¿½nning of OT3 
Stupit internet not going Good 
Stuppppppid papers all day long!! Even thought it's going to be 80 
stu's memorial 
Stuying French, Exam Tomorrow  Missing Him &amp; It's Only Been 23hr's, 22hr's More To Go :O 
Styes suck tits. 
Style Warriors coming out the 4th! And yes in the UK we are so behind on MAC releases 
Styles P and Jadakiss. i leav words out which can potentially change the meaning sometimes 
Suarez is dead 
Sub+Amp installed, battery relocated, and now having power issues when the sub is on.  
subaru STI, though? gaaah  im doss!
Subclipse #SVN is not working as expected today... 
Subhana Allah... I got scare told you i started having anxiety 
subject testing @ valley hs  im really tired right now
Submitted a shit load of win32 locals and few remote to ZDI.. I hope the bastards take em cause Im broke ... Im a Poor lil white boy 
submitted more resumes today... part time admin asst jobs are hard to find 
Submitted my portfolio!!! Hurrah!! Ok, now back to reality-2 vignettes to do by 12pm tomorrow. Better get cracking then 
Submitted project propsal... the waiting game starts... 
Subtitling a movie is really boring. 
Subversion, why do you taunt me? I can browse your repo and see a folder, but if I update you won't download it 
Subway for lunch again. J's back @ Ingram so I'm eating alone once again  Wish @MATTHARDYBRAND was with me!
Subway is always packed 
subway jalapenos...  still as hot as i remember from yesterday!  
success last night, devastating news this morning  i want to rewind my life back to 1995 
Success! 6  ppl showed, but my bag of bags and gloves (clearly labeled to be used for the trash pickup) was taken!  Gonna chill; come out!
Success! I don't feel like crap  though I do *look* like crap thanks to this sunburn  hoping it fades soon!!!
Success, the correct anthem, and my mother talks over it all 
successful day, legs not as albino, WT tickets bought !  time to attempt to study for 2 math tests. yeah...not gonna happen 
Successfully baked apple crumble pie, cooked tteokbokki, and samgyupsal. I enjoyed my dinner, although nobody else said if they liked it. 
Successfully cleared out wardrobe. Reclaimed coat. Didn't find green skirt or blue sock though  Will have to keep looking!! Suitcase: 13kg
successfully collected @misterbenji from his trip to the countryside - ;-) - &amp; sent @jazzshark off to Heathrow 
successfully completed the 10K marathon! now with a possible ligament tear on my left foot 
Such a bad day 
Such a bad day for takin photos ..this will be my last   http://twitpic.com/6tn2s
such a bad mood 
Such a bad mood.   http://bit.ly/3mYHBS
Such a bad way to start my day... 
Such a beautiful day ... and I'm in the office 
Such a beautiful day for the library. 
such a beautiful day outside and i'm stuck inside at work 
Such a beautiful day to be sitting inside working  Reading &quot;Among other things, I've taken up smoking&quot;
such a beautiful day today, too bad I had to work  life is so unfair lol
such a beautiful day, and i'm stuck inside  hoping for wonderful weekend weather, doubt it tho
such a beautiful day... its a shame i have so much work to do 
such a beautiful weekend and I didn't get to ride one mile 
such a bore, analysis time 
such a borin day 
Such a boring evening... 
such a busy day today&amp; i feel terrrible 
Such a busy weekend!! Home now, time to finish my politics essay! YIKES!! I don't like Sundays 
Such a confusing Monday so far.  Trying to concentrate but really need a do-over on the whole dang morning 
such a dissapointment...i'll have to leave you again...   back to study          POUR POUR MEE.....((me selfish thing))
such a douche bag 
such a dreary day.  and sadly the weekend forecast is also... dreary. 
such a FOOL. 
Such a gloomy day for Kartini's Day 
@RacingSoul Thanks. So do I. 
@Rackap my bday is july 17th!- friday. i would LOVE to move there. but money is an issue, and plus the fact my son hates it there. 
@Rackap that's mean 
@rackeltheracoon suckage 
@Rackorama thats my girl!!! u know betsie was at pacha plast night? I didnt get to meet her, I was downstairs all night (long story) 
@racstar I miss it too 
@raczilla The FAIL kind, apparently.  I guess that's what happens when you eat - um... YOU know... 
@Rad_Wolf 
@radarxcrave aww , you k? what happened hun?  haha im bored to 
@radarxcrave haha not to me, (: watching tokiohoteltv makes you relize how bad you want to meet them  &lt;3
@radelaide i was about to ask you the same thing  i'm afraid i haven't... i'm actually starting to freak out a little bit, haha
@radha_ @fraands Aiyo! dat sounds nothing like What I wanted to hear!! 
@radha_ Send me a feed to ur Blog. The current one is not getting me on the link 
@RadhiLadd I wish I was in town 
@radianceleong cos i'm an alcoholic! 
@radianceleong OMG! I'm soo old!  Thanks for making me more depressed la ... hahahaha ... Okay. I'd definitely not remember la. Sorry
@Radical_J  so I guess that means ur not comming swimming??  booooo
@RadicalGophers grrr I enjoy it from work 
@radicalskillz27 i just went and the snack machine was off 
rainy season makes me sleepy. but i luv rainy season. i also luv rainie yang. see it's making me crazy now. 
Rainy Sunday .... No parking lot cricket today. 
rainy sunday....... 
Rainy weather here...no fun 
Rainy weekends, I have to go out 
Rainy. Dreary. Hubbie going out of town. 
Rainy.......weekends over  ........I think I have a bad case of the Mondays......
raising the white flag...the only common breakup line i knw is the freakin &quot;its not u, its me&quot;...whtever it is breakup lines arent good 
Rajeev Motwani, early google advisor and silicon valley luminary, has passed away  http://tr.im/nC62
ralf just had steak but no beer..... yay for being healthy 
Rallyshow was 'epic fail'  Freezing cold, soaking wet and covered in mud. 
RAM upgrade=done! FF still slow so disabling all add-ons  Not sure which ones will make the cut to be honest. It's like Sophie's Choice!
ramen noodles. potato chips. ranch veggie dip. bananas. ...then work.  4-close
Ramsey has a friend over for her birthday, my baby is 12 tomorrow 
Ramsey has a friend over for her birthday, my baby is 12 Wednesday 
ramsie fell in the baby pool &amp;&amp; almost drowned!!!!! but i saved her, and now im freaked!!!! she looked so helpless 
Ran &amp; sad to say we will be remedial next wk. SMH @ that, wk 3 needs to be perfect  Dayum... my talkin ass uncle is here... SHAT...
ran 15km in 1hr 40. Too slow and now can't walk properly 
Ran a final 10K on Sunday in 51.49 - was OK and should be ready for the London Marathon next week. It's going to be hot though 
Ran down to @vodafoneuk to Western Rd - but missed out on winning the phone  On the plus side I bought picnic goodies
Ran into one of my dearest friends tonight at TDS--MS MARCI!  It was kind of sad, though, when Josh said, &quot;Who is that woman?&quot;  
Ran into the cutest guy ever today &amp; got his number. Later discovered that heÂ´s only 20 years old  A little too young for me...made me sad
Ran into the frame of the bed  . . . Slowly bruising.
Ran my errands and had to pick out new glasses with a slightly larger frame 
Ran our income numbers tonight. We honestly shouldn't even step outside. Usually there are alternatives, but now there are none  SOS
Ran out of cereal!? 
ran out of cheesecake 
Ran out of drink 
Ran out of excuses...now i HAVE to work 
Ran out of money again. 
ran out of pritt stick 
Ran outta gas on my way to the station  booo
ran over a sheep last night  Bad times.
Ran so bad today. Then came to the bar and ran even worse 
Ran so many errands today I'm tired!! 
Ran to the beach even though I'm sore. Gorgeous outside. AND got to see Ascher. Going to miss him  Stupid Gatsby ate my earring though.
ran up &amp; down 3 miles of muddy hills safely yesterday morning, but stopped a soccer ball with my ankle last night &amp; it still hurts 
Randleman is looking all of 37 years old.  He had Whitehead beat but was too tired to finish.  
random cloud of rain ruined our pool adventure. 
RANDOM THOUGHT: Even through its been a while, I still miss Trevor Marmalade from the footy show  he was so friggin hilarious!
random. - Iâ€™m tired  I need to learn how to sleep earlier.. http://tumblr.com/xvq1xbh87
Random: My Laptop is broken and now? So sad  Love my IPod...drinking some tea and now pratice on the keyboard and then maybe to Gym...xoxo
Randomingly woke up at 4 and now I can't go back to sleep. 
Randomly up at 4:30am. Thirsty and hot is a bad combo for sleeping. Even at this hour, Columbus people are not online for talkings. 
Randomly woke up with a Robert Downey Jr song in my head. Now I want to listen to him on my way to work, but he is not on my iPod. 
randomly woke up, been layin here for almost 2 hours tryin to fall back asleep, sighh 
Rank 4! So sad 
Ranked 16 on gamefaq's contest! Probably gonna drop after today though 
Raped by planet hollywood today. 
Rapists MUST be punished the way they do it in Middle East. I wish India implemented it 
Rapped edwars leg in bandage so it doesnt get infected  keep him in ya thought
Rappelz_Game Researching what it takes to get a job at google... so far their jobs look boring 
Rapport projet FINIS !!!!!Rapport de stage : 70%  PPT projet &amp; stage : 0% :$ works + perseverance =&gt; happy or not xD
Rare rain and thunder hits while ur significant other is overseas = romantic FAIL! 
Rargh missed it  oh well.
Rargh. Am in one of those depressed-for-no-reason moods. 
rash has gotten worse &amp; begun to itch  why is my life so terrible right now?
Rasher sandwich all finished. @Shanster8, I saved you a bit. @Ceriffwrdd, the mushrooms were gone off, sorry 
Rashes i have! 
Rasp is gone   How could i have done this. I just gave away one of the brightest smiles in my life. One of the things that holds me here
rate doesn't wanna come home from Spain tomorrow  I love it here
Rate limit exceeded on @tweetie makes me a sad panda. 
Rate Limited by Twitter 
Rathbun's = soooo yummy...last day I can bring @mr_charlie to work 
Rather bored nout good on tv  may aswell just stay on here.... Go 2 school 2nd lesson 2moro mint miss pe, too hot here to do it anyways :p
rather depressingly I think I will only be able to fit, at most, one neural network into my new project 
Rather disappointed that we have to stay in newy tonight. Means sleeping on a couch and slow 3G 
rather ill! its really no fun atall.. 
rather unimpressed.. 
Rather upset about the feedback i received from my ethics essay  Guess i should just not do ethics in the future lol :'(
rationing tv shows: not as easy as you would think 
Rats race today, it's about to begin...ZZzzz, que sono! acho q nÃ£o vou ficar atÃ© tarde esperando mais... 
Rats!  Tryin 2 sleep in but now dog is talkin bout outside 
rats, no training rides all week because of the rain. first bit of sunshine &amp; the mrs comes home early to make sure i go to the dentist 
rave gig at the Button Factory + too many shots = headache. paying the price for my first guilt free night out after the LC 
Rave head vs hippie birthdays turns grace into a jibbering wreck 
Ravelry is broken. 
Ravenous and realising the only thing edible right now is my box of mints 
Ravioli just burned my tongue! 
Rawr did LOADS of laundry and now the dreaded chore of actually putting it away. this part sucks 
Rawr My Eyes Were Like On Fire All Day!! Ha.. I Stole Sum Guys Shirt But He Stole It Back Today  Not Fair!
Rawr people at me house are so noisy!  Makes it impossible to sleep in 
rawr! i don't want to go to school tomorrow. listening to a song that makes me sad... 
RAWR! I want mah letters to come in. 
RAWR! Just called pretty much all the joanne's and hobby lobby's and they said no orange faux fur until october 
rawr! lol  work 2 - 8:30 today  blech
RAWR! my bang is too short  i hate it. it better grow out before school so i can go to sleep in class ;)
Rawr, I don't wanna go to bed but I must so that I can be awake tomorrow. Goodnight Twitterland. 
rawr, japanese kaomoji become wonky through twitter  i wonder if i can change the font settings...
rawr. I go to jamba juice, they're closed because of a power outage so I go to starbucks. when I come out, Jamba is open! 
rawr. stress. rawr. i miss my babe 
rawwrrr i want toms. someone be a doll and get me some 
Rawwwrr i dipped my fone in the water so it doesnt work right now soo im foneless till idk when 
Ray aint cumin while sunday now, he's got 2 wrk sat nite 
Rayban Virtual Mirror - seriously cool - use augmented reality to see what you look like in Wayfarers http://is.gd/LAZX I look terrible 
Rays lose another one today    tonight me and the bf are going to watch a John Candy movie
Rays lost  oh well... Ybor City tonight again. Gotta show the boyfriend the rest of the nightlife sights! Bro's graduation tomorrow!!
RB TY@threebears: &quot;love songs won... sorry its tube ... couldn't find the recording I wanted  &quot; â™« http://blip.fm/~7rljk
RB@pnkpanther.  another 'stupid' song to add to my 'stupid' list.   â™« http://blip.fm/~8qoui
RC lag like hell. &amp;Why the cheat engine not working? 
RCN stinks.  No home internet service AGAIN!!! 
Re Cherry Orchard last night one thing did annoy me... That was the herd of elephants that arrived half way thru the first act 
re exam today...  :| wish me luck!! 
re install new firefox ..  try not to use portable
re seagulls in 'nemo'; they are saying 'mine'.  saw a sparrow hawk being mugged by swifts earlier. no birds now: nice weather for ducks 
Re www.skirt.com @cdharrison @tiburon @thagler: Agree site looks great! But check #a11y: no alt text on nav imgs = scrn-reader unfriendly 
RE:  Last Meal Contest - should also add UltimateFoodie contributors are encouraged to respond - but can't win the card 
RE: @freezerburns The only way it could be better is if they had strawberry margaritas.   http://disq.us/anf
Re: 5pts I figured it out, I CAN do it, heh. I just need someone to play me in an obscure XBLA game no one ever plays 
Re: Drew's Sub. No bike....  View: http://bit.ly/IK0Oy  by nepali
Re: Fuck you, Cartoon Network.: Boomerang doesn't come in the basic cable pack  thats all I get. http://tinyurl.com/pktwka
re: previous post, why should staff not be allowed to be rewarded for their hard work because the media incorrectly reports the reward 
Re: Previous Twitpic...The answer should have been NO. Sick within 30 minutes 
Re: Who has their shares ( TW-.L): I'm with HSBC and still waiting  By BuyBanks
Re:AM family photo appt: after scrambling 4 3 hrs 2 wash/shine boys, rush 2 get haircuts 4 me &amp; B: I forgot makeup &amp; Mario PUKED -no pics 
reaaaaally hates working upstairs &amp; has to do so for the next three days. i miss my alzheimer/dementia buddies 
reaaaallly bored 
reaaaally want to be out      bevo was the only person to text me back though...  loverly bevel.   :]
Reaaally wanted to go to acetuna's tonight  birthday please come quick!
Reaaly enjoying the sun today but i have college in an hour BOOO 
reached office... sunday working 
Read about how Abe Lincoln rose from obscurity and navigated political craziness &amp; civil war! Today I got to the part where he was shot 
Read BBC story Scottish teacher tweeter conf pupil detail, may b disciplined, land of free speech??? Have same terms in my contract... 
Read for a widow today.  Her husband came in loud and clear. He had been a marine and exposed to agent orange 
Read for battle with the new phone system! Apparently I have the correct cables - just the wrong sockets! 
Read my Potn when it does that  I miss out on pics
read over at the AVManiacs forum board that ILSA director Don Edmonds has passed away.  
Read Power Girl #2 and was disappointed. They retconned Ultra-Humanite's Origin, made 9/11 part of DC continuity and featured Bestiality. 
read Q&amp;A by Vikram Swarup today..The movie isn't as good..Book is much better, tho ntn exceptional here either 
read some old post, I have lots of typo's. I need to work on that 
Read some True Blood spoilers(couldn't help it) and I'm not sure I'm going to like this...I love my Stackhouse novels too much. 
Read the book the strange case of benjamin button by francis scott Fitzgerald ... Sad end  leave hearts broken &lt;/3
read through other people's tweets. WHY DOES EVERYONE HAVE A PAIR OF CONVERSE! I want a pair too. 
readding a article on facebook .. My best friend Ian is going to move to Boston 
Readin my new book , don't really like it not what expected but ill keep readin to see if it gets any better 
Reading &quot;Andy Beal's Marketing Pilgrim&quot; feed, in my email. Lazy to transfer it to my feed reader 
Reading &quot;Crank&quot; it's pretty good. I hope I'm not getting sick! Corey's surgery is tomarrow at 6am 
reading &quot;Monsieur Ibrahim etz les fleurs du Coran&quot; for school... i just understand half of it  that sucks
Reading @postsecret just broke my heart 
Reading 1-2 Birmingham - starts biting fingernails 
Reading a book to read and then going to bed. Goodnight!! School in the morning 
Reading about Neda Salehi Agha Soltan and feeling depressed and helpless about Iran. 
Reading about student loan debt scares me. Will never get mine paid off. 
reading about the Air France tragedy makes me sad 
Reading about the complex reasons of y to keep journal 
reading about the largest update ever 
reading about Visa Interview 
Reading abstracts about spinal manipulation and spinal stiffness is no fun 
reading all th twitter posts i didnt read and being made fun of by my own mother 
reading all trace's tweets lol...hes in da phillipines. I'm going to sleep now ready for school 2moro 
Reading all your twits make me wonder why I got myself the Nokia navigator when I could have waited for something better 
reading an article about susan boyle - poor her 
reading an awesome play in english.. the sun is shining and i'm loving it! stuck in school for now though, 
Reading and going over my singing homework, tomorrow i have to study French and Graph comm - Exam on Friday...   so i'd be seeing you! xxx
Reading and talking to Matthew. Maybe i'll actually fall asleep soon.. Probably not 
Reading Ang Yees tweets makes me miss all the jokes i used to post on BW 
reading Bible, studying for chem lab, working on that presentation  and its BEAUtiful outside. mmk. thx. :'(
Reading bout yesterday's tragic news (no not that....altho that was tragic too); Jelena Jankovic getting beat at The French Open 
Reading breaking dawn man it is hard to get through this book. I am still on page 195 out of 754. 
Reading criminal law cases. Lots of them. Thoroughly. I am very bored and hate exams 
Reading CVs  When people will learn that CV can have only 2 pages, not 5?
Reading editor blogs can really get you down 
reading everyones tweets about the hills and MTV movie awards and i'm really disappointed i don't get MTV here!  i'll have to watch online
Reading feeds (1050) 
reading for my exams... 
reading for the finals  hoping that i soon will be done.. !
Reading Frankie Manning's book and wondering, where did all the black swing dancers go? 
Reading from @time http://bit.ly/eEayb . The (re)development can't come soon enough. 
Reading Graceling by Kristin Cashore. I havent gotten to read it yet 
reading how ITV may have canceled primeval  http://bit.ly/B8AIG
Reading i hope they serve beer in hell. Got it for free..would never give this tool my money..but this is such a good book so far 
reading Infragistic DockManager sourcecode .. urgent need of adding one function before release. their support is so slow.. 
reading lord of the flies....then history project 
reading manga before going to bed, ill HAVE to go to work tomorrow...boo!  i just hope my throat can handle it
reading midnight sun again... wish steph would just finish it!! 
reading more reviews just makes me want it more  http://tinyurl.com/ldlzxy
reading my old yearbook  good times
Reading my past BME experiences and really missing having easy access to John Joyce!  I wanna go back to Syracuse! Haha.
reading news, I feel stomachache 
Reading ok! I'm sad for jon and Kate plus 8 
Reading outside.. Where's the sunshine? 
reading Socrates' predecessors on a Saturday night. 23 going on 5,000 years old 
Reading some bad news. 
Reading some regular waarbenjij.nu's. So wanna go to Sweden now! Still have to wait a month 
reading specs.... Webservice WSDL, xml, XSD...  http://plurk.com/p/11onx7
Reading that meaningful lyrics thread has made me really weepy 
reading the chronicles of narnia series again... work a double shift tomorrow 
Reading the PPV results. Not a happy camper. 
Reading the redeye, on the blue line to work 
Reading The Secret Life of Bees in english. May died 
Reading through today's paper along with some watered down coffee compliments of my 'rents... 
Reading top gear test drive directory, cant afford new motor though 
Reading tweets from Ibiza  so jealous Ibiza rocks starts tonight! 
Reading Twilight I want bells and Edward to kiss!!!  do they ever kiss???
reading twilight. some have said that if u read the book ur disapointed with the film. i hope this isn't true 
Reading www.pprune.org for information about the latest AF crash 
reading, sleep, traffic school in the morning. 
reading...arggg 
Reading: CBC cuts158 jobs and more later. 2/3 of the radio day will be repeats I guess. Familiar people leaving...   http://bit.ly/OQL5d
Reading: NY Times says new car craze could be over http://tinyurl.com/l5b2xd, auto industry sheds tear 
Readingggg....@stephaniefarah nottttt nice!! 
Ready but is late my friends are already in the party  but dad us near yay
ready for a great Sunday.  My 8th graders move up to Varsity today  but the 5th graders move up into JV and that's awesome!
Ready for a nap, just swamped by a wave of sleepiness. But have to go to night class shortly 
Ready for a nap. Why has buffalo been so rainy out? Crappy weather 
Ready for another day's revision.  Beginning to panic, though -- exams start in two weeks. 
Ready for bed early...My neck hurts so bad.. 
Ready for bed, about to lay down, hoping for sleep tonight. Haven't been so successful last few nights. 
Ready for bed, missing my baby 
Ready for bed.  It's going to be Monday when I wake up hey?  
Ready for client meeting. Now working on Social Media workshop... that I was really interested in doing, but have since lost interest in. 
Ready for Eastenders - going to be a good one!! .. Then the last BGT Semi Final  .. FINAL tomorrow night though  Exciting stuff...
Ready for Friday..... still not sure what color to make the bottle 
ready for my road trip with corky, some horseshoes (that I will win!), fishin, and a WHOLE bunch of relaxin! but ill b missin him 
ready for next week I guess; off on Tues. still working on grad apps  starting another diet; trying to get shit straight so we can move!
Ready For Sat ur day  Got Maths Tutor Now  But Going StageCoach Later WOOOPYdoo 
ready for school. 
ready for some hacking on my smugmug ruby api. I still haven't decided how I want my galleries to be sorted tho. 
Ready for summer to take off! No kids, no yelling, but I'm goin to miss every single one of them 
Ready for the big move, missing someone a lot. 
Ready for the busiest day of my life.. Starting with 5 hours of work 
Ready for the day. But the sun isn't out very much today 
Ready for the weekend.....dam Fridays in the way 
ready for this semester to be over...dread going to class everyday...not a fun feeling 
Ready for today, but I'm not feeling well 
Ready for USA/Italy. Hockey season is over  Time for soccer! Oh, and go to http://tinyurl.com/kuf42b and follow @U_SA2010 kthnxbye.
ready for work. its too early for humansss. had a baaaad nights sleep 
Ready to be off work . YAY !! ... Sad dance class got cancelled 
Ready to crawl in my cozy lovey dovey bed, that hugs me tighter than any other person in the world &lt;/3 
Ready to get next gen funders retreat started! Good: woke early. Not good: only cold water for shower and shave  moving on...
Ready to get up in 6hours for work again.. Just finished 
ready to go back to sleep 
Ready to go home  2 more hrs of wrk
Ready to go home not ready for the morning in diff ways... 
Ready to go home! Work sucks 
Ready to go home. 
ready to go home. school is boring. wednesdays always feel so long. darn 12th period. 
ready to go hommmmmmme and its ONLY 1:24.... 
Ready to go hooooooooome 
ready to go party! i wish belle and chellz were going though  *tear*
Ready to go to school. Have two tests today. 
Ready to go to sleep after a long 12+ hour day at the fabulous Club Lib.  Ugh, work in a.m.  So NOT fun   Night all!
ready to go to work. Yes, I work on sunwdays, for free 
Ready to hop on tht bus and bail for atlanta!  YAY!  Gonna miss my folx tho.  
Ready to jump in bath. Picking hubby up straight from work  then off to friends 40th birthday. How come I got such ole friends?! ;)
ready to laugh my head off... gonna see dance flick. listening to Head First by Selena Gomez man i wish it was gonna be on her album 
Ready to leave work. Not ready for school.  one more week
Ready to move to Nashville. Probably gonna have to wait at least a year though 
ready to rumble, the movie not the action.. actually.. both, you're so mad same tweet different movie..lost at uno  pathetic
ready to sign up for the 5-week workshop after what promises to be a whirlwind week at Arcosanti....coffee &amp; hangover this morn 
Ready to start Math revisions... Only got three days let 
Ready to take the girls to the dentist  and then I am going to run-in the heat- hope it isn't too hot!
Ready to teach my 4th gr girls Sunday school class. This will be my last time to teach these group of girls, they are promoting next week 
Ready with my hair and make-up... Long schoolday today... 
Ready? Not ready. 
readyy to go to WiLD RiVER COUNTRY!!!!! YAY!!! wish i cud see himm.  *ily*&lt;3(:
Real bad headache.....saira needs hugs 
real cba to go work right now  , wanna hang out drink orange juice in the sun x
Real estate class way too early 'o clock...  Mondays r the worst
Real housewives of New Jersey finale 
Real Housewives of NJ season finale tonight... I dont want it to end  Im gunna miss hearing &quot;bubbies&quot; 7 times in under an hour &lt;3
Real sad  came home to an empty apartment. I miss my baby cousin already.
Real shame you couldn't end up coming @sammutimer 
real stressed 
Real talk... I'm over it 
realisation finally kicked in today, its not a nice feeling to know the truth sometimes  
realised that somethings &amp; some people will never honestly change..friends dont ask friends to lie for them right?   heres to you.
realised today i am unbelievably bad at arm wrestles 
Realised with sadness that I have no fathers (grand or otherwise) left to buy a card for for Fathers day 
realises that 1/2 the ppl i follow on here are from Canadia or the US of A so it goes pretty quiet when i get on 
realising how much trouble i am in for my exams 
Realising how really strong my feelings are for you &amp; you will probably never know &lt;3  
realising i have to get over you. i just don't want to. 
realising now how much im losing from this change, compaired to what im gaining.   i feel very depressed all of a sudden 
reality check... dreaming is nice, but i just woke up... 
@RaDikulus that sucks  moving and leaving are all hfdkjfdlsgjkfdj 
@Radio_Jason a duck?? lol. He's super cute but I need to take him to a wild life center. at least to be checked. I think he is hurt 
@radio_t ???-?? ?? ???????????  Bad RequestYour browser sent a request that this server could not understand.
@radioactivcheez lol Mel. OMG I was totally wasted. I don't even remember the show lol. I passed out on the way home lol. i hurt all over 
@RadioActive89fm can you also twitter the details please  stink...
@radioalexander No, I saw her on Sat. But talked on Sunday ... I'm a bad son 
@Radioblogger  I was just imagining Hugh reacting to 99 Problems... But if he didn't know Kill The Wabbit, I doubt he knows hip-hop #hhrs
@Radioblogger Reading your &amp; H's excellent adventure gives nightmares-will be SanAntonia 4 me in Aug w/quick change in Salt Lake  #hhrs
@radioedit Nah, it was literally only just set up and my IPC address gets none. A study said people with A-B-C emails get more spam 
@radioedit Yeah - IT here just don't care unless you have manager or directo in your title! 
@radiofire AGES yet 
@radiofire unfortunately no  You don't win 
@radiofootage You didn't tell me you were in the neighborhood. 
@radiofreejenn I wish I had an answer for you.  Guess we will find out tomorrow. ;)
@radiofreejohn they're worth more than some humans lives 
@radioguinea Crappy Phillies game, chan ho parked pulled in the 2nd when his 5 walk, walked in the go ahead run for the nats!  
@radiojayde I paid 300 for my Iphone about 3 months ago!! Sucks for me! 
@radiojayde Where are heading? Hopefully somewhere without Rain!!! I was going to head to Nashville but I think i'm getting sick.. 
@radiojen I speak Chinese and read enough to get by. The problem was having 3 schools in the area and the driver didn't know the dif. 
@radiomatthew I dunno how to rip from my time Warner dvr to the computer 
@RadioNational My north facing roof didn't have a long enough length of the same pitch to have panels 
@radioowen Is it weird that I was just talking about u n twitter &amp; here twitter is telling me what you're doing? Yeah? Then stop tweeting 
@RadioPaulo just watched the end of season 5! Pretty awesome, can't believe they killed my fav character 
@RadioPaulo me too! Even tho it hurts 
@RadioRah #radiovixen more sad than funny  I'm sure her daddy is somewhere shakin his head (tsk tsk tsk)
@RadioRah ur show was great! too bad India's got cut short 
@radiorose don't kill me - i've got one Hellz Bellz piece left to give back! 
@RadioRose OMG!!!!!! ME TOO! I always feel so bad for those horses! 
@RadioRose Someone told me I type so hard that it sounds like &quot;I'm making popcorn.&quot; 
@radiou Hey, Klay, what's up? Can you play The Rocket Summer-So Much Love for me? I always request TRS but no one ever plays it for me 
@raditsracquel Luckyyyy  I couldn't get off work today. Blehhh. Have fun though!
@radmom40 aww!!!! I'm so sorry to hear that!!!  awww
@RadPirate You can tell me if i look good or not. Also i went to your hands myspace but there was no music on it 
@Radremm Not even, I'm just saying I used to read.  I need to get to the library or something.
@radrice we miss you. 
@raduchira - spamu acuma pe twitter s-a marit... 
@Rae_living_50 I bet she got freaked out by the taxi accident in the news  #FuckSummit!
@Rae_ROK oh damnnn dats crazi!!!i only got 2 exams left an im out...imma miss college 
@rae3rae I was there for the licking and the blowing part of the party, I just had to miss the toys in order to get all the way up north! 
@Rae4OSU yeah I'm excited to go back to school.. I realized that if I had gone right after high school, I would have graduated this year 
@Rae65 LOL !! More than I can say for The Office. Got the AC blowing on me to keep me awake. Sorry I missed you last night 
@raeanneromance I'm sorry you had some bad news. 
@raebabe3 are they really?!  are you gonnna go?
@RaeBoz i'll let you know if I get it. i don't want to jinx myself, a lot has fell through recently 
@raefabulous whut? no NC  i miss you too!
@Raeknightowl4 Hoot hoot Rae..finally done with hw..how the big CC?  I miss the beach 
@RaeLori   Hey Rae  The link isn't working  
@raeptar I will have a semi serious team, I intend on getting some stuff EV'd before then (although this is unlikely to happen  )
@RaeRaeDizzaster Haha gurl you know I'm kidding. I'm sorry 
@raeraeverret FUCK! Wish I would have went.. 
@RAEthoven Dont forget they play in traffic for fun, get preggo on purpose &amp; the LD is nonexistent. f our lives in indianapolis 
@raex0x31  Rach aree u still siick???  
@RaF_grL I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@Rafael__ i havent had my moms home cooking in over a year 
@Rafaela_Freitas It's really sad!!! 
@rafaelaventurim http://twitpic.com/7z04n - such good times hahahah i dont think it's gonna ever have anyone like that 
@RafaeliCecile no - I haven't gone the medicated route this time - even the nondrousy stuff knocks me for 6. i'll stick with swollen eyes 
@rafamoroni what books did you buy? I tried to see banksy the other day but queue too long 
@rafealAnthem yes i am and i was ready to go when i got here. ugh  and its sooo pretty outside..
@Rafekee yeah I saw that this morning as I closed the garage door. 
@raffale awww... you are really mean   I am j-e-a-l-o-u-s even if a 1/8 of that is true 
@raffieee oh ! ) its not working now 
@rafik problem is people, not technology, sadly.  #cfp09
@Rafiraga aaauuug, i have to look for a job tomorrow and wednesday = no kaching. 
@rafisaid I wanna cry. 
@Rafithecool I wish I could say the same 
@ragavin Sorry to hear 
@ragedizzer  At least find me at some point to say hi!
@raggedyannn btw, I was never able to find that pool you were discussing  Sorry
@raginaphalange Oooh! If he did, I cant miss the video! Did u see the show? Of course u did!  Tell me everything!!
@RagingBitch everytime im on no one's there 
@RagingBitch No one is in MTP  Tis lonely
@ragingquiet26 Hey darling! Haven't heard from you in foreverrrr. *clings* It's AWESOME. I has not enough time for it though. 
@ragnarokangel never worked for me mate  i really want it to .. maybe it has issues connecting behind a network proxy?
@rah_rah foxy! oh...i want fur now 
@rah_rah http://twitpic.com/4h62q - Aw, wants a trip to seaside 
@rahmasing Look what I found! But for $5 USD!  http://twitpic.com/87rr3
@rahmin come on man. I wanted to learn beginner guitar too... 
@Rahms - who's holdin a bbq? I'm jeloussss u gt to chill n jam whilst I'm stuck @work!! 
@rahroo I've missed a few eps though  I might have to wait for the DVD.
@RahulG86 yeah, I tried to take the 856 one - if you miss that one, there's not another art bus until 926 - 30 minutes after. Ridiculous. 
@rahuljrark Go,go with MI once again now..KKR again lost..WTF!!! 
@rahulobs where's pulau rawa? 
@rahulrrao Yea sure, only he's my husband.. and I'd have to hire a rocket to go get him back 
@Rai7Rai good morning! Yeah my head still hurts 
@Raider_Dave seriously tho... http://tinyurl.com/pkebus highly disappointing 
@raigohead   sorry
@raihanamcfly hehehe.  yeah!! u know.. one thing i hate abt holidays... boring shows!!  UGH! Hell's Kitchen tmr eh? 
@raihanamcfly LOL! salivary gland?? frm those little flies?? no way!  alison=drama queen  oh no, ur brain hurts? a new brain is growing!
@railasoares what's happening? you seemed pretty down today 
@railwayromance I want to xiao bian.............. 
@raina_roo have fun with mommy raina, my mom is going to work soon too  it was fun pawtying with you! #pussycatisland
@raina1up hey girl- tried the link and it didn't work 
@RainaLizell 
@rainbow_dog sob i have a burning crush on tamon  the doctor is awesome too though
@rainbow1820 morning buddy!  no news yet, i think 
@Rainbow4vr i dont pity u, u stlll havent sent the pic n u could be havin fun w me right now instead of your dyke camp trip. 
@rainbowbrite15 no silly! i wuz using my sisters friend's iTouch... i wish i had 1 
@RAINBOWBRITEGRL if I was in new york I would but I'm not 
@rainbowbritelez  That blows. I need to get past the first 100 feet and I'm fine. Stupid not feeling safe.
@rainbowbtrfly I know what you mean  It breaks my heart when I hear of children being abused!! 
@rainbowbtrfly We had a case happen like that here, it was a 6 mnth old little boy, his stepfather and mother, despicable!! Baby died. 
@Rainbowcentre No  sadly its not  bit disappointed will try again later see if i change my mind
@rainbowchasing oops!? *lol* Sorry I kind of spam your profile with my updates  Hopefully you won't remove me from your follower list.
@rainbowcolored7 lucky you! i still haven't got mine yet. 
@rainbowdarling aww that's never good. 
@rainbowhigh   i love you!
@RainbowLights I just had to restart mine!!!  
@rainbowrocket18  Sorry. I kept you company for as long as I could!
@rainbowteuk: i missed it 
@raincoaster Are you going home and to bed? What's up?!?! You got through your workload way too fast! 
@Rainderrr Bunny was so cute 
@raindx I know! I know! 
@raindx There is only the cop now. I do however, get a lot of people on Myspace trying to hit me up 
@raine33 hope you and your friends aren't part of the hate  he's not my fave either, but they're just cruel! #dannygokeyislove
@rainecsy i hope i can =/ hopefully tmr lecturer give us green light on project if not must work overnight liaooo.. 
@rainecsy Lol! I still can't see my tweets on my blog! 
@rainecsy other browsers also cannot leh.  Okay!
@RaineFlowers boys just tend to suck, unfortunately. 
@rainelicious I miss u 
@Rainer_hilft Words of wisdom from you and the Bible... we really shouldn't worry but it can be so hard not to though 
@rainerafael aww  he's the myx vj i like most pa naman. how sad.
@rainerafael there is an event in our school. and my aunt didn't want me too. ( i'm really so sad about it. 
@Raingin Hahaha no.my room is too clustered to fit a fan. 
@rainnwilson  well when it's put that way... I'm never lighting a candle again :/
@rainnwilson &quot;Up&quot;an amazing movie! Hey I love the Office but here in Venezuela we are just at the begining of the fourth season I think 
@rainnwilson a NSFW warning would have been nice 
@rainnwilson Are you working on any new films? Having no new episodes of 'The Office' really kills me 
@rainnwilson His family has actually sued, making it mandatory to describe the maneuver as &quot;abdominal thrusts&quot; bcuz he got no $$ from it. 
@rainnwilson I was disapointed with UP. Definitely doesn't live up to the humor of previous Pixar films. 
@rainnwilson leeftovers from grandmas.  
@rainnwilson. So sad about David Carradine. I'm still in shock about it.  I'll be watching some Kung Fu and Kill Bill Volume 2 tonight.
@rainrox10 thats why I wanna go so bad! My moms being stupid. Jeff sen said he could give me rides. Ughhh 
@raintenshi  Do you have some aloe vera cream? Always very helpful. Heals so well.
@raintenshi I know, yay! But kinda bummed Matsumoto isn't on the movie cast list  I hope he makes a surprise appearance. â™¥ Shin 
@rainydaygoods wow, I'm so jealous. Here am I at work, freezing in my office because of the air conditioning I can't turn down 
@rainydayowls i wish i could say the same... if you had the long night i had last night, ud understand... i'm still sore from it 
@rairaiaday I agree... That music is actually better than what they play over here... Everyhing sounds the same 
@raisamazing we need to hangout soon&lt;3 I really miss chu 
@RaiscaraAvalon Really?!?!? No one I know ever knows what I'm talking about!  I wish it was on Netflix instant. 
@raiseyourglass yep love the rain! But it sucks when you have the day off and are stuck inside 
@raisingluna  sad really but, that is the way it works  
@raisingurl  we can go out and get you food ya?
@raisingurl Agreed. On both counts ('-tor' is pretty sweet looking). Did you know the little kiddies have prom this Friday? 
@raisingurl Maybe, but I'm totally supposed to be at this prom  All my little high school friends! At prom! So cute and lame. I miss them.
@raizabuddy my to do list. i have separate ones for work and home  the comment about my biz partners is true -- 3 weeks. no word. nice?
@Raizak It's been working for over a year now, and I haven't changed anything  SKY man's coming on July 1st.
@RajaSen Damn! Stepped into a rediff forum....   Had new shoes on...
@RajaSen that is SO speciest!!!! 
@rajeshja I used to read books 
@rajiedas @kath3000 doesnt work for me...hills hills hills!!!!!!!!  i dont get home til 8pm anyway....
@Rak_33 Sorry you didn't get tickets. They're SO dang expensive!  ... I'm nervous knowing you're not going to be at the games!
@Rakeback_Online hello yourself! (from a very foggy, rainy &amp; cool New England)  
@rakefet27: Saw yr tweet. With a guilt-ridden sigh, I have to say: No. Couldn't swing: bringing kids, or childcare, $ for paid childcare. 
@rakfu so damn whaaaaatttt? u said you'll wait for me 
@Rakpenguin63 I ate  now. FOUR sandwiches! LOL and off to bed now...my eyes are burning and they tear a bit... 
@Rakundo Disc needs to be inserted the whole time which makes your computer loud, slow, and runs it out of battery in a second. 
@rallen824 one you prob loved it when old man hit on ya 2I don't live near any sonics  3 free meals are the best
@rallyrach77 i'm with u there babe! i got work 2moro as well   pepsi all the way!
@RalphHardy it was shockingly hilarious, but I cant get the image out of my mind 
@ralphje I'd like to go jogging to, the weather's perfect! It's a shame though my shoes are in Maastricht 
@ralx sorry ..i didnt have net in the weekend..so,i didnt make blue highlights couse i got in a fight with the hAIR dresser 
@ram8727 oh reaali  well im sure you can either sell it or give i awawy
@ram8727 yup a trade cause alot of cases ex. Incase slider I can't get in my country cause there is no apple store 
@ramadanovic awww well i hope you do well!! have fun on holiday     i am so jealous! you have no idea!  lol
@ramamamma No childrens mueseum no  We have dvds coming out our ears lol blerk pizza lol hmm any more ideas? am at a loss
@ramarnat you are lucky. I have been seated in my car for more than a hour, just to travel something like 2km 
@ramaro17  i am so upset,sad and pissed! Can u believe that?
@ramaro17 Now u know why im pissed,sad and upset!  Really dunno what this is tho 
@ramartijr Slowly Richard. I've had some meetings and to prep for a consultation this pm - might have to work on the weekend, boo  lol
@Rambleredhead I think I'd be like Phoebe's mom on friends - Stop the movie before the sad part. 
@ramblingho don't drown!  And you are likely to flood the apt below too.   you deserve some good luck.  No looking at airfares though...
@RamblingMuslima i need to lurn it also 
@ramblor yes I saw it   bless his little heart. I am really into labradoodles at the moment
@rambn 3 hours?!?!?! geeeze! i def don't have time to do that myself  actually i don't have time for ANYTHING anymore
@rambn awwww i want a puppy 
@rambodoc So what is the alternative you propose. Do you say that Those who don't have money has to die without any treatment   
@ramcosca I know!! Hehe I don't know why it's sliding 
@ramdomthoughts yeah, it's going on eBay some time today  I just need more RAM and I'm maxed out at 2Gig. Really need 4...
@ramdomtwit Lol That's wut it's supposed 2 do. When u follow me u get 2 see the things I talk bout via updates. So now u not follown me?! 
@ramenda i wish i  wouldn't have left you AND that i had my fake id now 
@ramielemalubay are you still in the Philippines? i wanna see you 
@ramielemalubay hah?! in-add pa nmn kita sa facebook...how some people can get bad...haaay 
@ramielemalubay ugh whoever keeps doing that seriously needs to stop and get an effing life don't delete it tho  cuz they'll just win!
@ramin987 Good luck bud, I just had my higher english on Friday 
@ramin987 Its not spam its informing the number lol ... im just watching the bgt hash tag loads of people doin it  sorry
@ramin987 Noooooooooooooooooooooooo!  I'm not here at that time! 
@ramirezdavid that jerk Mandy Moore stole my future husband Ryan Adams from me!  quite depressing! LOL
@ramiromf Tell me about it. EstÃ¡ de la verga. 
@ramlas Ahh..story in 140 chars?  Ne magic formula to figure out who's hypocrite and who's not to save oneself and others from being hurt?
@Ramon_Appeal its likei gets no love... i always @ u wen send out a twit never get one back 
@ramonaczernek Sorry Ramona. I didn't find any of them, and apparently the police aren't letting the guys do signing tonight. 
@ramondestroys Why are you there? 
@Rampage4real lmao awww that sucks 
@rampantheart can do everything except add a twitter field in the comment.. 
@rampantheart Lucky to get good Vanity URL! I got ishan001  , ishan or ishansharma would have rocked!
@RamsackDiego no  I won't but next sunday I will I need the old crew there. http://myloc.me/4Ksz
@ramsay_baggins LOL, fair enough. ;) Meds now far away, just arrived back in Bristol  Don't like the weather. Hope it don't rain.
@Ramsie11 lolz.. I am mad that holley left though.. *tears* 
@ramsin_taffles ahhh, i don't think i'll be able to afford it 
@ramsin_taffles i just keep popping on and off throughout the day. ooh im looking forward to your posts! i have a maths exam 2moro  :S
@ramsin_taffles what the signing? Horsham wasn't it? awww Leon was cute wasn't he, i miss V to 
@RamyG omg you poooooor thing!!!!  don't worry you can use my itunes or something.....
@Ramz_the_DawnMC yes i do  lol im a piece of work!
@Ran_Flip Ugh everything 
@rana__xx Cause i feel like when i leave school, I'm alone. and other reasons. it's fucking horrible. 
@rana__xx eww kebab  aww. I wish I was there to comfort you . Throwing up sucks :l
@rana0x0 I know right? So sad  But at least we have all this SNL footage of him. He's so silly!
@ranalynn I guess I have to wait 
@ranalynn true... But I can't wait.  lmao. My bday is coming soon and I wanted to treat myself! Ugh. I might just wait then. Or not lol
@Rancaguina5 TOOL AUGUST 5th you better be ready!!!! oh and how was the nin/ja show? you didn't tell me about it yet 
@Rand_Raspberry ouchhh that would hurt! Haha   Ima sowi jew   but if has are free tomorrow I pwomise I'll see ya 
@RandalLane yup, waas trying 2 figure out how 2 get 2 stl,  logistically difficult with hubby. 2 kids and ft job  can't face indy as last
@randalltodd sorry  I'll unfollow... 'g day!
@RandBall only one? 
@randbay yes, just like a girl with a big forehead tht always wears bangs 
@Randi_Elaine nope jus me.. she cant touch me  She is going crazy
@randi_mc Wowww...never heard that one!!! lol...I bet y'all r acting a fool...I'm kinda sad I'm missing it... 
@Randi_Wade forget my damn charger at home.  I feel so disconnected!
@RandieJ Tell that to Delara Darabi. Oh wait. She was hanged  http://tinyurl.com/ctsduv
@RandiLee183 theoretically pic msgs (mms) is in the update. But AT&amp;T hasn't enabled them until &quot;mid-summer&quot; is what they say. 
@randiohdesigns yeah thats what I am thinking  He gets it a lot.
@random_nexus he has to have a new suitcase, but he is just so bloody indecicive, everytime he wants to buy something it takes HOURS 
@random4423 I unfortunatly have that problem too 
@randombabble that takes you to the special hell, amiga 
@randomdeanna So glad you're putting the show up on dz.com because I had some trouble w/ the winamp DL and couldn't hear it 
@randomflowers didn't think you'd be happy 
@randomflowers it was just a little filling, but my dentist put far too much local in. it looks like i've had botox! 
@randomfurlong It must be bad.  *more hugs* X
@randomkristine I'm REALLY sorry!!  says the girl who cried to the movie, &quot;he's just not that into you&quot;  it's hard but you gotta move on
@RandomNickname My girls are fraidy dogs, too, but mostly because they can't tell thunderclaps from gunshots.  Poor things. 
@RandomRachness I want a concert call! 
@randomrradio I do that too when my computer's running. The heating will be mostly off now though but it's still boiling hot in my room 
@randomrradio I've got so much I want to do over the summer too but I'm getting the urge to pick up WoW again 
@RandomShadowMan lucky! it's hot here in socal 
@randomsunny i know, it was such a sad movie  i almost cried!
@randomsupergirl ikr? im going to their Trinoma concert pa naman 
@Randy_Gage  I'm dragging that I missed the last tele-seminar 
@RandyHaddock there's some serious injuries. 
@randylicious The couch, TV and Wagon Wheels just aren't the same without you 
@RandyOrtonRKO no way! poor randy's hummer  btw i thought you and cena were friends in real life? no?
@RandyRules I DON'T KNOW   I was actually going to go in earlier today because I needed a hug.  COME TO MY STORE!
@randysav Work is work. Yaya 
@RandyTucker829 I said I wanted a BLT no B and he stood me up. 
@RandyTucker829 I'm not.  I'm disciplined to a fault. wait, that sounds like more permission from you??? is it. is it. huh, huh, is it??
@randytyrrell Sounds fantastic!  Wish I could make it to T3 tonight. 
@randz10 word. i miss joella's classes. 
@RaneVox since ger braking his wrist its been non stop iv not relaxed or rested 
@ranga91 http://twitpic.com/7gb60 - im so ugly! i didnt realize i looked like that 
@rangercej all of them!  I had my water gear and everything! just got to fight the law now...  .. have beer will use it..copiously..
@Rangerita Right?! I feel like he went from way hot to kinda creepy in the course of one hour. 
@ranginui excellent! Matt told me yesterday I was too big for the climbing frame at the park...  Had to sit that one out! Enjoy!
@ranglin hahaha.  no - epic date fail by me. I thought it was still the 16th in New York. I want my (non-beta) iPhone 3.0 dammit!
@Ranieka hey hey...  I already know what you're thinking... I'M SORRRY!! How much I owe man..do u take payments lol...I miss my friend.
@ranijoshi I want pav bhaji  umm, weren't u supposed to invite us round the next time u made it?? Hehe
@ranivus TwitterFon and Tweetie are the big 2. I was using TwitterFon because it was free and ad-less. But now it has ads 
@ranjansaras haha. If only I really get urge to do so  Very difficult.
@ranjeet_walunj I always find subtitle distracting. 
@RanjeetC LMFAO YES! i forgot to  wtf. fail.
@rankfish HAHA its a nice idea, we could be like Bonnie and Clyde couldn't we? Except for the death part. That one is not very attractive 
@rankshifted  i have an email. and a phone. Two, in fact. Feel free to vent.
@rannyify hahaha i think so but i dont have it 
@Ranroune I'm sorry   This will really help pay the bills as you look http://tinyurl.com/moqt32
@ransom0 no I is sick 
@RaNTeLLDaT GIRL I DONT EVEN REMEMBER THE LAST TIME I WORKED OUT IF U DONT COUNT SWIMMIN LOL AND U LEAVIN ME TO GO TO DALLAS ANYWAYS 
@rantingteacher: Such a great feeling to near the end of reports. Soon b summer hols (wel, with a long 20 days in btween, I know 
@RaoulSchwenke urgh, I got the same issue 
@Rapagena now-a-days i have big trust issues with people. there are very few people i can actualy trust, i've only been hurt in the past 
@RapCoalition WOW!  sorry to hear that.
@RaphaelPXY I'm not going to summer jam 
@RaphSangiovanni um... The &quot;A&quot; chord family!  lol
@Rappelz_Game wtf that code doesnt like me 
@rapping_fa   sorry to hear...i had my fingers crossed for you the whole time! hope to fly with you one of these days 
@raptile i wish i could have 
@raptureponies  My work got us the table. I don't beleive honkin was involved.
@RapunzelBluEyes I just had to block another one   How do they find me? lol
@rapunzelchen30  http://bit.ly/anQjU ACE prize winning FAN MADE vid for best single NOT  released in 2008. Please keep retweeting.
@RaqC it wuzzz nuts! i just got home n got me sum grub! no bueno since last time i ate was at 830am 
@raqualak AHHHHHHHHHHH YOUR BACK HOME 
@raqualak shouldn't it be x_x haha! I'm sorry how'd it happen? 
@Raquel1989 I'm with you and @karla_martin76 I think it was unfair as well, but what can we do now? There were no rules stated 
@raquelaberakiki not so good  been hating the past 2 weeks actually
@raquelp_123  If my house didnt suck i'd invite you over to watch, but it does suck :'(
@RaraACTIVE @aussiemcflyfan doesnt everyone? 
@RaraACTIVE no  why why why?
@RaraACTIVE okayy  tomorrow right?
@RaraACTIVE yes. me too. 
@rararaco bye bye  miss you lots xxx
@rarararah int'l! I'm really starting to hate history 
@rareandcaller wow...i'm so sorry. that's terrible 
@rareee   What's the matter?
@Raretturner do I get a card with that?  I want one! sorry @ctncndy 
@rarmendariz Sorry to hear, hope your feeling better 
@rarrkun Baaahh it's the same here 
@rarrkun Hahaha Bill called the paps! They deserved it, that ghetto slut wouldn't get her hands off Tomi. 
@rarrkun I compared them. I was seeing things  Probably because the window was in the way...
@rarrkun sorry talaga, i really want to buy the shirt pero 
@rasafrasa OMG - no words  Stay strong for each otherï¿½ condolencesï¿½
@rasafrasa Sorry to hear about that. 
@rasfry while I'm about to go pick up my pizza 
@rasga I burnt my fingers too, unfortunately. Some idiot lit tealights everywhere and one went out of control. I fought with it and lost 
@Rashadmccants7 I was just wondering why i didn't see anything from u today!  I like ur tweets, they're fun!  too bad about ur iphone! 
@RASHAUNWILLIAMS I'm soooooooo jealous!!!  I wanna go!
@RASHAUNWILLIAMS my mom is taking me out the country for memorial weekend but she wont tell me where though 
@Rasheed18 Ops  sorry
@rasheedparker yooo mcing at crc norfolk eh? lol i know you put it on em!  side note: i miss crc  gotta start goin back forreall! lol
@rasherbow okay so my phones broke and i feel so out of touch with you today  
@rashfeather   that sucks
@RASHIDIAN wait what? who is that? I am confuuuusseeedd 
@Rashisha No  I wanna be a hobo :'(
@rashmid I am at home  I iz sick...
@rashmid ohh.. thats sad 
@rashmid So.. its not only me and @keeda even u cudn't have chococlate!! 
@rashyyy I just read up on it and you get two warnings before a fine so I say go on and helmetless it up... unless your going on concrete 
@rashyyy I wanna come play  only 9 months yey.... And nothings new same old port hedland lol what about you??
@rasmus sorry, got it mixed up w/ Basic Auth.  
@RasmusP Naw, is that a no?    *puppy dog eyes*
@rasmusseidler whole railroad is fucked today, because of some suicidal asswipe walking on the tracks 
@raspberrydolly I have lots of issues about how I look too 
@raspberrydolly interviews in Bombay and Chennai. 
@raspberrykids Awww.   Btw thanks for the link! I was having troubles when we first joined. Took me 2h. until the bkgd changed. (cont...)
@Rasplundjr awww  don't have a bad day....*hugs*
@rasputina13 I must have just missed you... just left pride for our gig!  
@rataisthebest wow thats cool! so are you working these days to save? i'm studying business management.. and its pretty hard.. 
@Ratbeard how you doing man, good to be home? Miss the shows so much 
@Ratbeard The Tap still rock bloody hard, eh! I'm a bit sad they were unwigged and unplugged at the show a few weeks ago at Massey Hall 
@ratboy75024   Porr Daddy missing the 90 degree heat LOL
@ratetank  I totally agree!  It does still hurt, though- boo...   
@ratherawkward  Yay for naps! Boo-urns that the pools and things are closed for now, too.   I didn't even register that.
@ratherironic What's wrong? 
@ratherwastetime yeah, im epic...and why do i creep you out?... am i a bad elf? 
@rathsany by myself... 
@Ratkat But its been there all week and just disappeared yesterday 
@ratna_ratna tom yum fried rice???? sounds delicious  i want it too!!!!
@Ratspeaker Sadly people have stopped posting phoenix wright.  I miss those days.
@Ratspeaker Yea 4th edition is kinda dumb. What day do they play 3.5 again? I may have to join for summer because my D&amp;D group are gone. 
@Rattatattat cause thats  how we are feeling, glad i'm not the only one 
@Rattatattat Miss you guys! Hurry home!! The kiddos are mising you big time! Abi has cried! 
@Rattface I only seem to get web marketing &amp; other marketing/onlyne sales people following me. 
@RattieLovers My friend lives in Alberta and wants me to come but I can't bare the thought of leaving my ratties 
@rattis cutting an avocado, tried to stab pit 2 remove, knife went straight through  &amp; sliced finger.  
@rattlesnake_ naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaao  lady goga, fique
@ratuquinn  sedih tgl di indo pas livechat facebook pun dsini receiveny telat&quot; 
@raul_bird whats wrong bud? 
@raulmontana I don't know how you guys do it. I definitely have undeveloped right lobe 
@rauper Looks like everyone's having a great fucking time doesn't it?! 
@ravedelay how do you like your 5d/mark2? The kits are all on backorder around where I live..  boo hooo.
@Ravels I have....it's not that great 
@ravels i sincerely miss hearing  you in the mornings  Joe -spankbank-
@ravemz I am in gurgaon, but it wudnt be possible for me to accompany you to meet   You have fun. Will surely catch u thr next time.
@raven_dove2007 hmm idk where to suggest bb  and i am going to sleeps LY &lt;3
@Ravenatic Aww  your not allowed to die!
@Ravenatic i've mastered getting it into DFU but now its hanging at 'waiting for reboot'' ... why me 
@ravenflores aww tifs going to bed  I'm so bored nw. The kids r styll awake too  wish they'd go to bed
@RavenLoonatic i know, but i never give myself enough time for breakfast.. i like sleep too much! 
@ravenock Aww don't say that! I want to hang with you! Our schedules get in the way.  bastard work. Plus Holly said same thing. Eww lol
@ravenrae lol ouch  definitely don't miss the mosquitoes
@RavenRIOT we don't know, but it was empty and a black lunch lady bitched at me 
@ravens_stranger I hate to say I told you so but.... I told you.... I always have credible sources but you just didn't believe me... 
@ravenxsorrows welcome g2g I have class 
@raveslut WAKE!!! UP!!! WAKE!!! UP!!! I have somthing neet to show you,It's fun for both of us,OH wait your only 2000 mi away.HUMMM 
@RaviKapoor Check my stream. I've given it to someone. can't copy paste it from phone 
@RaviKapoor I tweeted about it releasing today  By I swear I found some confirmed reports on that, even bookmyshow had it for this Friday.
@RaviKapoor Thnx. Will see doc if it gets worse. Cell's on vibrate. I think I left it in my office @ school. No cell 4 me til Monday 
@ravinaw maybe I can get it from u on Sunday  at the part where they are trying to &quot;slay&quot; the dragon!! So mad
@ravingrevolutio which is sad  @rhymeswithfish I need brain power for that to
@ravxav yea ive been getting that a bit to Tom, stupid body and needing rest 
@RawbertM yeah i know the feeling, Im pretty gutted i need to wait another year to do it again  atleast we have nabs to look forward to :|
@RawbertRoyalty me and you both. I CALLED YOU DUDE so you can com chill with me have some steves and watch a movie but no answer 
@rawdiggie thx for the &quot;outlook- update&quot; ..  damn ignorants! what about?--&gt;http://fixoutlook.org/
@rawedge There was a stabbing at the end of my road on the High Road last night 
@rawedge well if your horse lost surely your name would be Loser. 
@rawisner oh yeah but im also very sad at how quickly its gone!  How is everyone??
@rawkzee i think he asked her and she said yes, but they werent able to get married 
@rawkzee that's what I miss so much! cuban food  ill be home for 2 weeks end of july. I mustt see you!!
@RawPeople  going to miss this festival, will you be going to any of the others? Have an amazing weekend!
@rawrbtch Shame 
@RawrEli that's cuz ur busy w/ ur bf, too much time w/ ur bf, leaves no time for ur bgf 
@rawrgh you most likely won't 
@rawrgrrrmeow yes at the hollywood bowl on july 5 
@RAWRitsBryony  Aww poor her, her sister should do it  The worst part is because of him I didn't even get to watch the Gilmore Girls 
@RAWRitsBryony It was very upsetting and now I'm going to be late for yours because he's a git! 
@RAWRitsJENNiFER me eitherrr.  I MISSED JON AND KATE PLUS 8!!! anyone know where to watch it online? ehh?
@rawritsria Haha I know what they were talking about...I was just playing with the words ;) Very sad he died though 
@rawritsria just got a text by now the one on michigan is empty, dont know about state street yet 
@rawritsvictoria hii honey, just replying to comments and it wont let me on your blog, have you not got it anymore?  xx
@rawrjackie No sadly No   im Going effin KARAZYYY!
@RawrNickAsauras  gosh i feel so out of the loop 
@Rawrrgasmic @Lates so i'm going to lose you 2 if i tweet about Big Bro. what an ultimatum 
@rawrrgasmic bring it on, really. I cant sleep  Might as well fight a girl for a clumsy title.
@Rawrrgasmic bye   
@Rawrrgasmic Feast! No Fab! No mint Feast! Shit, I need the pictures  Actually it's freezing I don't want ice cream.
@Rawrrgasmic ok now thats upset me lol 
@rawrrmeagan Awww...it sounds like you could use a hug right about now, kiddo. Father troubles again? 
@rawrrxalliey  &lt;3
@rawrsslyn oldest is the best, duh. ;P YEAR ONE!!! 
@RawrStar No  I could make my own though 
@rawstatic  I used to be anti-Apple 'til I got gifted a iPod! ::.. One person less in our cause 
@RAWWRkatie Lucky!! I have ï¿½4.  can't even take it out of my bank.. 
@RAWWRRRRR yes please 
@rawwrzoee ugh im jealous 
@raxlakhani I wish! Now I can't make it.  Really bummed but can't turn down some work that came my way. How you been? We need to catch up!
@ray_anthony  you are never coming to my house again. 
@Ray_keogh  Whatever lol. What ya see?
@Ray_Marie have you talked to Ree? I heard she was a mess 
@ray268 I know it's so hard 
@rayannefox I'd wished i could go soni but i just don't have the cash for it  x
@Raybeauty222 word!!! That's not fair! I want that job too!!  Tell Monica hook me up
@RayBeckerman Well, at least it's going to be on the news here. Modern technology and democracy, but how when information is withheld? 
@Raybery  something bothering you?
@rayboyington Time for budget crunch, huh? 
@raych_mc well, i'm in grantham the other 2 days for the gig soo 
@raychelllll no. 
@raychelllll yeah. 
@raychul_5 I would if I wasn't working!! 
@raychulll im sad i cannot be one of those people  however, i cant feel my legs.
@RaychulSee I miss you 
@raycole94 you suck rachel  lol blah you should be acting too!
@Raydachic she's probably mourning her aunt.. and getting some rest.  I can't imagine she is in script writing mood.  
@raydee yeah i mean c'mon! im not jealouse at all! 
@RayDillon no go dude, 2nd year in a row. depressing 
@rayeosunlight Me too. This is actually my second, I broke the last one 
@rayfoleyshow No one should forgive you for that 
@RayGarton  No. Sorry? Geekiness quotient is high tonight sorry.
@RayGarton I am sorry you did not sleep well   I took some vitamin b supplements so am full of piss and vinegar today
@rayjohnz Yeah  I'll just have to watch his concert on archuletaphilippines.com It makes me want to cry and to know that he's leaving soon
@raykeenanqueen kok bisa ibund??  hiks hiks... Happy bday andung!!!
@Raykevich ? ???? ????, ????????? ? ??? ????? 
@rayleerock I didn't do nothin!  we can off whoever you want. just say the word.
@RayleneCaceres I don't even have friends. Hahaha  ugh!
@RayleneOrnelas aww  i got him abunch of stuff the day before hah i spent like 40 on that boy hah
@RayleneOrnelas aww they make me sad 
@RayleneOrnelas I don't know if I can go cause I don't know if I will have a ride. 
@raylinenicole @DelilahILWU13    I'm going to bed. I'll get this foot out of my mouth tomorrow.  
@rayme I never managed to get one of those glasses 
@raymondpirouz that's nice. I've to tweet instantly. Can't remember some of the moments once they pass 
@raymondpirouz That's too bad  But I agree... seeing things now, prob. for the better!
@raymondsharkey was a bitch to dodge too! Happy days! I may go and buy a Wii now 
@raymondsiu nah....it was while leaning against my leg while I was sitting on a barstool on the computer.  no pic.  
@raymuzic.. HE shall hid me!! LOL! I did hide out but, my phone was blowin up the whole time..not a good nap! 
@raymuzik bro...I can't afford 4 u 2 b outta the loop 4 a few days  who will I do the Holy Ghost Shimmy with? LOLOL!
@raynataylor i know i know rayna im not stupid. bahh i failed the math exam  this is all jonny's fault.
@RaynbowDash These were one of my fav finds for polka dot fabric but they do not ship from the US 
@RaynebowBeauty I really miss the mob on fb it's not the same on myspace 
@Raynecleoud it's not  just got *very* soggy on walk back to train station 
@RayneDayze he's dead now  I have one of his live cd's haha
@RayneyDais she says hi, and she says I need to get off of here now lol. 
@raynmayker oh who am I kidding?  I'm so sore by 7 am that I couldn't sleep longer if I wanted to! 
@RAYRAY_SODMG i wanna make my video. it costs 3 hundred something dollars to get my laptop fixed 
@RayRay_Sodmg qood morninq ! Today's school 
@RAYRAY_SODMG What Song Is It Called ? Omg i Hope Dre is okay 
@rayraycja was watching nkotb videos from Atlanta show to c what we miss since ours was cancelled 
@RayRetaliation and he knows if he lied to me, he's a dead man. he said Gee only uses when he's with MSI and sober with MCR 
@RayRetaliation Oh  Hope you get better!
@RayRetaliation should I study from the textbook or the workbook? I really hope this exam is easy because I can't study 
@RayRetaliation wtfail  how about on the way back? my mommy says the border lines are long.. aren't they constructing something? D:
@RayTNartey OMG YOU TOOK IT THERE LOL, boyeeeed 
@raytoro lmao! im sorry bout that ray, i guess it is the future of gaming, the harsh reality i guess lol 
@raytray Remember how we're not roommates anymore?  see you in 31 days-ish. I hope the lab is treating you well...tell VU hi from the Pres
@rayvanderfort i think so too....i had to watch the MTV movie awards 4 times this weekend 
@RayWJ Ahhhh it gave me an error when i tried to post a comment 
@RayyahSunshine @4everBrandy guess now we will just have to beadazzle fanny- packs and zoobas pant........ooohhhh rats 
@rayyp btw, again, y arn't ur followin me??? 
@rayyp when r u comin back!!!!! u mai hen talk to me loiiiii 
@razaeletan haha its not yet an outbreak. just 1 confirmed case pa lang. scary though. :| 
@razedinwhite Bought FFVII 
@razeenz morning baby! another morning without you 
@RaziRazak  i know.... time to get some proper rest honey! if not, next time how.. xx
@razitul ya. i was suffering the whole day yesterday. met dentist and feel a bit better. i still look like rocky balboa though 
@RAZNKN All the traveling/crowds/odd eating and sleeping schedule caught up with me to. *blows nose* 
@RAZNKN I will. It's definitely feeling that way. I wanted soundcheck more than the other.   oh well.
@RAZNKN Please dont remind me. i hate going to my job more everyday 
@razorcandy is there any other band worth your time? I wish I was 17 again 
@razorianfly I thought it was 12am? 
@razorianfly I'm not because I'm in Finland and they don't know what an iPhone is over here. 
@razorianfly morning?! I'm going to sleep now. 3:30am. Bad night......cheese overload. 
@razorianfly Not yet 
@razzamatazz87 I know same down here  we shall have to wait till tomorrow or thursday!!! 
@razzamatazz87 so do i! I'm desperate to go. Still got 3 weeks to go before I'm allowed 
@razzberrie wha so now its 4GB! yay! haha no more laggy computers! but my mba cannot upgrade 
@razzberrymomma My BF is a graphic designer and was looking for the same thing (dreamweaver) he never found anything 
@RazzleDazzle27 I wish I could clock in and get overtime, but I'm salary soooo I my check stays consistent no matta how much I work. 
@razztwit No, no. I'm fine, just really tired and out of it 
@rb5235 Kellie has to go for bloodwork today too, her's is a long ouch  and she doesn't know it yet, she wont be happy
@RBaldry And lastly, the thing that gets me is when cyclists act as though they're more important than all others - and many of 'em do. 
@rbanks54 @MaheshKrishnan yeah apparently 3am AUS WST time  hopefully I'll get it tomoro in training ;-) #VS2010
really long day at work, but bad economy=6 hours a week  this is a catastrophe. loving summer so far though- school, work, play, read,&lt;3
Really long weekend.. Tomorrow morning go to the dentist with Kat to have her tooth removed... 
Really looking forward to my shit day at work 
Really looking forward to riding this morning, though am unusually tense about it - hope that doesn't mean that I'm going to come off!! 
Really looking forward to seeing Iceland again... even if it's only the airport 
Really loving @kidbritishmusic at the moment! Sad that they aren't in the US itunes store 
Really mad about drive-by shooting murder at Army Recruiting Station in Arkansas. Poor kid had just finished training...  
Really mad at myself for forgetting about the May 24 deadline for the 40,000 mile award trips to South America on @UnitedAirlines 
Really mad that Djokovic is losing!!!  It's prolly better that I can't watch it anywhere.
Really miserable day... just everywhere I've been has been miserable... car place, cafe, all flustered and the mood rubbed off on me 
Really miss &quot;real&quot; college. . Def not the same vibe at hair school. . 
Really miss the ntuc in gardens  - http://tweet.sg
Really misses @xvern and wants to see Up with him. Also doesn't want to go home and be so far away from him 
really misses cole tanner lentz. 
Really misses her husband today and still got 7 more sleeps until he is home 
really misses krispy kreme doughnuts  I'd have to go all the way to Oxford to get some!
really misses my best friend/Hubby. I still have another week til I see him 
really misses Sarah.  We broke up for our final time a month ago.  I'm already dating someone else but I think I was falling for her. 
really misses t-t   
really missin oregon tonight... 
Really missing @tommcfly  cant wait til the boys are 'all ours' again xxxxx
Really Missing her babe  &lt;3
Really missing Luke...and still have 6 days left before i pick him up. 
Really missing my @mrbambam  tough only seeing ur other half every 2 months.
really missing my mommy today. 
Really missing you 
really must stop looking at cupcake recipes on the web  Must revise...can't be bothered though :/
really must 'stronghold' the cats... if i can catch them, they hate this stuff... &amp; will hate me for doing it 
really ned a job! boo hoo 
Really need a #squarespace iPhone to cheer me up because I'm in a hell of a mood 
Really need a job! 
Really need a pint 
Really need a vacation right about now... 
Really need an idea for my essay!! 
Really need some prayers this morning!  #fb
really need to estimate my eating capacity! this is the nth time food is getting wasted 
Really need to finish this dumb report, spent all day looking at the same five pages 
Really need to get around to setting up WLAN in the dormitory so I can IRC from the balcony before summer is over. 
Really need to get out of my house. :| Can't even go to school tomorrow. 
really need to get up and revise  &amp; how awful is the weather?!
really need to go to bed 
really need to go to bed now..  Gonna get woken up very early tomorrow.   night all
Really need to order those glasses....computer headache for two days 
Really need to pee  stuck on a bus.. I love Shelley  http://yfrog.com/0pf5sgj
Really need to re-organize my flickr account -.- not amused 
Really need to stop talking about food when everything is closed for the night.  Guess I'll stick with brownies then.
really need to study, many books many updates  :~ 
Really need to tidy my desk.  Lost my keys 3 times already and its only 10.20 
really needs a friend right now and wants to cry 
Really needs a P 
Really needs bianca. 
really needs her buddy right now 
Really needs her lolo. 
really needs like a week to just sleep 
REALLY needs prayer today for peace and understanding.....but hopefully just peace and that i wont need to be understanding 
really needs someone to talk to so I hope somebody gets back on and replies to me or something. 
really needs something to wear if she goes out thursday and really cant find anything she likes  maaaaaaaan
really needs to close the gap between his AC and window. Mosquitoes come in and bite me. Pobre. 
really needs to get some shut-eye for tomorrow, it's gonna be a busy day  http://tinyurl.com/dhrarv
really needs to go to sleep... already 6am!  
really needs to play his drums 
really needs to start revising... 
Really needs to stop spending maniacly or I'll go banckrupt  but I work hard for my money,so its a guilty pleasure to spend.I'm loving it.
really needs to stop staying up so late watching Prison Break but its hard, such a great show, to bad its over 
Really needs to talk to Justine 
Really Nervous :s 2morrow my first exam 
Really nice outside...I'm stuck at work 
really nice weather today... didnt get to enjoy, i was workin all day 
really not feelin well... 
Really not feeling great today, sore head, sore throat, bit queezy... typical as I start 2 wks holiday 
Really not feeling this bad/negative vibe with the PA class 
Really not feeling well today. 
really not happy, ich hasse Deutsch  just want to give up now dont even care if i end up working in farm foods forever aslong as im happy
really not in the mood for doing german mediadossier or finishing maatschappijleer.. 
Really not in the mood to do any jobs today 
really not in the mood to do work today  its hard to get started
Really not keen on having the boss in the office... it just creates such tension!!   Maybe I'll do a happy dance to cheer everybody up?
really not lookin forward to monday  bak to college 
Really not looking 4ward 2 R.E 2morrow  Can't revise! and i know i will not be able 2 concentrate :'(
really not looking forward to my exam tomorrow 
Really not looking forward to shaving tomorrow, what with my luminous red face and all 
really not looking forward to the rest of this week..can't wait to be back in manchester on friday  homesick
really not looking forward to tomorow  english and geog
really not looking forward to waking up at 5am 
Really not up for making conversation atm. My mum is coming home from holiday in half an hour?!! LOTS OF TALKING 
really now, time for sleep.  dreaming of my city, more tattoos, and other great things.  waking up to early morning sociology 
really pissed  how are you gonna tell me you know something I dont and then not tell me!!! assholes!
Really Pissed off Hedley was not at the MMVA's last nignt.    
really pissed off went to marion after school to buy itunes cards so i could but HowToBe but you can anly but it on uk itunes how sad 
Really rather wishing I hadn't heard 'One Love' in the sarnie shop earlier. Now it's stuck in my head and dissolving my brain 
Really ready for a 3 day weekend. Too bad I'm working on Sunday.  
Really really bored and stuck on kane and lynch ahhhh 
really really effing sick of studying already 
really really enjoying London!! Only 1 week left 
really really hopes he doesn't make Emily sick. 
really really i feel unwell  &quot;dag-dig-dug&quot; that's sound of my heart
really really misses my best friends! 
really really need a shoulder to cry on,also i need a HUGE hug 
really really not looking forward to going home on Monday 
really really reaaally wants to go to centrestage camp  
really really really CAN NOT find my drivers license!  someone help me please!
Really really really don't want to go back to the city 
really really really misses drinking milk... the milk here is horrible! 
really really really really really really really wants those nkotb tix!! sooo sad 
really really really tired and sick. 
really really really want to go to @140conf tmrw been rocking twitter since 06 I should be there 
Really really really wanted to go swimming with my boy...   but had fun in dallas
Really really sad news today.  David Carradine was found dead in his hotel room in Thailand  http://tinyurl.com/pnrza5
really really should be working her Geography presentation...its due monday and i have less then half complete 
really really sick  gone to the hospital
Really really sick!! Like I'm on my death bed 
really really want my lip pierced 
really really want to go to SF Opera 
really really wants extended hols, please x3 I'm screwed for CTs 
REALLY REALLY WANTS TO GO FISHING 2MOR0O !!!!!! 
really really wants to see Blink 182 but will be in nyc 
really really wants to stay at the beach for just one more day!! So sad to be leaving for home today 
Really really weird weather   http://twitpic.com/7wjc6
really really wishes hospital allowed laptop 
really really wishing that I went to college...so I could have a real job..stupid body aching from waiting table 
really really worried about the test cheat today 
Really regretting the fact that I failed to clear the dust from my fan before switching it on -- dusty 
Really rough morning for me &amp; Hubby, he's having issues with the med's he's taking...I just feel like crap. 
really sad about last nights NIN show, heres hoping tonight is better. Last night was good show, but only got 1 of 3 songs. 
Really sad about the dc metro collision. 
Really sad 'cause one of my best friends and the singer of my old band is moving away after the summer. 
Really sad mood now... My dad heard that song in those days and he passed away in the same year. 
Really sad she couldn't go to the wedding.  I grew up with the kid and falls creek wouldn't let me off.  boo
really sad that Gokey is out of the show... huhuhu  
Really sad that my friend moved cities. 
Really sad that no one went with &quot;Thunder! Thunder! Thundercats!!!&quot; today... I shoulda done it, at least. 
really sad that the best weather day of the weekend is today, and i will be stuck in the office 
really sad that there still have not been any hurricane jackies, and there will not be until at least after 2014.  
really sad what happened to those #air france passengers  how does an air bus just vanish...
Really sad.. sick.. and feeling like crap... still got 3 hours of maths to do.. at least... 
Really sad....b-ball camp is over 
really scared for getting my hair cut tomorrow 
really should be studying 
really should go to sleep but i dont want to 
Really should go to the gym but I so can't be bothered, too tired 
Really should go to the gym.... I haven't been since Monday(!).... Ought to do some revision too 
Really should stop torturing myself by looking at pretty corsets I can't afford. 
really sick today 
really sickk 
really sleepy, is going to have a long weekend, microbiology test and anatomy lab praticum test, 
really sore, can hardly speak, weak, the results of prom. 
really sorry to hear that the air france passengers didnt survive the crash 
really struggling finding a good foundation for my oily skin!  any recommendations?
Really struggling on a logo design... Not like me to be finding it so tricky  I thought it'd be an easy one as well!
Really surly right now. GRRRR! 
really thinks it sucks when Gary has to work weekends, especially when it is beautiful out! 
Really Tired   Watching Sound (y)
really tired  downloading videos for my ipod.
really tired but cant fall asleep 
really tired for some reason 
really tired of bein sick   tried to watch KINGS on NBC, not feelin it...snoozy, I see why they are on choppin block
Really tired of feeling horrible. Want to go out and enjoy Montreal but feel too bad. 
REALLY tired this morning even though i had an early night last night! and my nose hurts too  urghh feel abit crap xo
Really tired!!!! But cant sleep! 
Really tired, but only half way done what has to be done today 
really tired. and have to work the whole day tomorrow, the thought of it depresses me.  uncoooool....
really tired. I have to babysit tomorrow and im still up and walking around... 
really tired... am going to bed as soon as I get home! 
Really tired... Can't concentrate. Curse me and my lack of sleep last night... 
really tired... I didn't sleep at all last night 
really tired...just got off the phone with Chris..cleaning and doing work tomorrow 
really tired..spent all day ou shoppin! should be gettin my school report tomoro  that should be fun!! 
Really tryin to work out but Im just to damn sick 
really trying to figure out why i dont ha a pic anymore 
really upset 2day  
really upset that my next semester of law school is going to be busy and lame again  Stupid schedule conflicts!
Really upset that the Louisville concert was cancelled.  So scared the same will happen w/Nashville 
really Victoria's Secret really? How did you manage to mess up my order? I confirmed two times! I used to love shopping online with you 
Really wanna go play in the thunder storm 
Really wanna move to Cardiff (Torchwood!) but can't until I'm at least in college which might not happen for a couple more years 
Really want a nap but dont have a certain someone to nap with 
Really want a paddling pool 
really want miley to come to scotland 
Really want my new laptop to be here, but still have 2 weeks left 
really want sushi, but not got any  maybe tomorrow
really want to do something today.....dont want to waste another day 
Really want to dye my hair purple, gotta consider damn jobs first though 
Really want to finish editing my book this week but no idea if I'll have enough time...and my diet seems to have gone way off track. 
really want to get another tattoo... but that requires money. money that i don't have ughhhhhh. 
REALLY want to get into Big Brother this year - but finding it hard 
Really want to get my Green Day tickets now! 
really want to get those Blink 182 tickets 
Really want to go for a walk but it's dark and no doubt cold and it's Saturday night in Kdy...so probably not a great idea. 
really want to go on a trip, i really been wanting to go to LA but i dont have the money 
Really want to go to dennys but someone is being wack.... I have to settle for fast food for now  I hate fast food right now
Really want to go to jaywalkers but its not looking so good... 
really want to go to movie with him..  *startrek and drag to hell or else!*  
really want to go to princess protection progam premier tonight but cant because of exam tomorrow 
really want to go v fest  the saturdays, lily allen, lady gaga AND katy perry! not fair 
really want to keep knitting otto bear but can't until i get some stuffing - which won't be until friday 
Really want to play D&amp;D. The next local RPGA game is next Saturday, though, and I will be out of town. 
Really want to play House of the Dead:Overkill. my man is currently playing it behind me as I work   it's looking and sounding so AWESOME!
really want to sit in the sun and knit, but got burned shoulder after only 30 mins yesterday and can't find sun cream. 
Really want to skate tonight but have so much to do ready for the Goodwood Roller Marathon price rise next week so home doing paperwork 
Really want to upgrade to 3.0 but just going to have to wait for the jailbreak. 
really want to watch the new fma. why does my internet fail so hard. 
Really wanted a newer car, atleast in the 2000's. Everybody in my fam has new cars and im still gettin hoopties. Uggghhhh!!!! 
Really wanted good ol' Rubens to win the Spanish GP earlier!  Still disappointed for him! Soft spot for him, he's so lovely!
really wanted the tshirt signed by Coach Cal!! 
really wanted to go out 2night 
really wanted to go see mcfly on 8th may ONLY to see @DavidArchie but i can't 
really wanted to like the Cobalt if for no reason other than the price but cannot and does not.  #fb
Really wanted to swim today! 
really wants @DavidArchie and Cook to come back to the Philippines! because she's missing the concert!  aww. FML
really wants a cool new phone 
really wants a gf 
really wants a hug 
really wants a new job 
really wants an orange amp!!!!!!! 
really wants her own @andyclemmensen 
really wants her own place 
really wants live in berlin on dvd 
really wants my sewing machine back.... miss you singer.... 
REALLY wants one of Wendy's new frostys  Someone in LBK bring me one??
really wants sims 3 
Really wants some phÃ² rite now 
Really wants the Angel Video in DVD Quality, oh for that Promo DVD 
really wants the new coach bag i just saw at Holt's...husband not being very supportive 
really wants tijuana flats and no one will go with me 
Really wants to &quot;get her drink on&quot; with jess, amy mole and rhysy. But can't bloody get there  xox
Really wants to be in Tollymore with the wife today 
really wants to be with her boyfriendd. 
Really wants to go and see Lenny tonight, but it's still raining like hell 
Really wants to go see @tommcfly @dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @mcflyharry @mcflymusic in killarney  Stupid Holidays!!!
REALLY wants to go to camp barakel nowwwww please  Summers are sad without that place..
really wants to go to warped tour 
REALLY wants to go uptown soon  anyone free tomorrow?
really wants to listen to First Train Home 
really wants to meet taylor lautner! 
really wants to move to LA but has to wait at least a year 
Really Wants To Party 
really wants to run #OpenSolaris on some servers at work, but just can't.  Compared to #ubuntu, it's too much of a PITA.  
Really wants to se My Sisters Keeper  x x x x x x
such a good sleep  I want to be back in London  boo.
Such a gorgeous day and i have to work 
Such a gorgeous day here in Scotland for a change and i need to work! 
Such a great day!!But I can`t leave my books..  
such a hangover 
Such a hard time sleeping. Lots on my mind &amp; with a heavy heart. Don't wanna get out of bed 
such a headache... bed 
such a horrible headache 
such a hot hot day 
such a Linux newbie: lost access to any kind of GUI after apparently disastrous Debian install of 'upgradeable packages'... 
such a long car ride 
such a long day. my brains too crowded to function  summer, please come quickly !
Such a looooong stressful weekend... can't believe I survived it... Time to RELAX! But so sad to be alone 
Such a lovely day outside, just want to lay in the grass all day...too bad I have no suncream 
SUCH A LOVELY DAY.... CAN'T BELIEVE STUCK IN WORK.... 
Such a nice day again today. Wish I could go out and enjoy it but I really need to get some work done. 
Such a nice day and i have driving lessons 
Such a nice day. And I'm trapped in the office... 
Really wants to see @TheSats on Wednesday but cant cos have to go to wedding boo 
Really wants to see her boyfriend right now 
really wants to talk to him, even though he doesnt like me 
really wants to watch DA and DC at MOA on saturday,but I don't think they still have some tickets left when I buy on friday? 
Really weak Ribena... Not nice! 
Really what a sucky week-Daughter moving-No days off of work-Pastor Russell sick from his chemo, so no Sunday School   
really why does summer session have to start tomorrow? lame 
really wish @jclynhwkns would just hurry back.  
Really wish I could go to P!nk's concert  looks like so much fun!
Really wish I could have gone to @bikeradar this weekend 
Really wish I could have gone to church today 
Really wish I could remember what &amp; when I knocked the crap out of my arm/elbow.  It hurts to bend it. 
Really wish I could see Eddie Izzard on tour  Damn the stupid expensive tickets!!! CAKE OR DEATH?!!!
Really wish I didn't get 8.30am phone calls everyday 
Really wish I had a doobie right now 
really wish i had someone to play tennis with at home, everyones gone   hmmm gym instead i guess
Really wish I had taken photography next year... too late now 
really wish i hadn't missed the last few talks  #aea09 ok regular followers, you can stop hating me for tweeting so much! haha
Really wish i was able to get tickets to this concert  heard it was amazing!! Coldplay - Viva la vida  â™« http://blip.fm/~8k3s4
really wish I was going to florida with my family tomorrow 
Really wish I was still there!!! 
REALLY wish my family didn't have to leave me tomorrow... 
Really wish that I had someone to go see 'The Proposal' with.   Feeling kinda lonely.
really wish that I had the attention span longer than that of a goldfish 
Really wish there were a Wawa closer to my home/work. 
Really wish we could go to the Salute to Israel Parade today. But dh isn't up to it. 
really wishes he wasn't at work right now 
really wishes her boyfriend was here! 
really wishes i could do more.. 
really wishes i could go to Spain and France with her friends to 
really wishes she could not be stalked anymore. getting old! 
Really wishes she didnt have to work ANOTHER! weekend!! 
Really wishes she was going to see #Transformers tonight! 
Such a nice day.. and i have nothing to do 
such a nice day...and i've been stuck inside doing my college work ready to hand in tomorrow 
Such a nice morning!!! Good workout...now work in an hour. 
such a nice night but here i am studing  mmkayyy
such a PERFECT IDEA ;) Totally agree with them for sure, oh please come!!!!!!!!  i can imagine it, it would be super fun! COME OOOONNNN ;(
such a rainy day 
such a rainy day  where did the nice weather go?!
Such a rainy day. 
Such a sad episode of Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8  
Such a sad episode of the golden girls!! Sophia's new friend has alzheimers!  
Such a sad Jon &amp; Kate 
Such a short flight! But I didn't get to nap  boooooooo
such a sleepy bean... and it's friday  ... I should be out enjoying the sunshine!
such a stressful day   speeches next period
Such a tragedy..  I hv to go office frm tomorrow n today i fell ill.. 
Such a tragic movie! 
Such an amazing date, haven't seen any star wars jokes yet though 
Such an amazing day. Sad to see it come to an end. Back to reality tomorrow 
Such an amazing weekend.  Driving home today 
Such an awesome day! Gotta get up early to start studying for upcoming finals week! Ugh! 
such an emotional day. Crazy. And all of my friends got to hang out. I hardly ever seen anyone 
Such as this one, which I think she did just to spite me, knowing how I hate Harry Potter:...
Such bad pain right now 
such bad weather today  @specz155 thanks, i always thought i'd look better as a comic :--{ @dvalicious happy birthday to your dad!
such horrible weather in dunmore!!! 
Such is life... 
Such is my total lack of interest in football, I've only just this minute discovered that it's FA Cup Final day today. The wife told me! 
suchhh a crappy mood. today should have been fun, but it failed. 
Suck at love 
Suck..my princess has a fever..  And today is all-stars try outs.. 
SUCKA ASS CAVS!!!!! 
sucka4love.com 
SUCKAGE! major. im so so so jelous 
Sucked at tennis today... 
Suckfest, guys.  Nintendo press conference starts at 2AM, Sony at 4AM, Aus time. Will have to catch all the news later.  #e3
Sucking at being a creep.... I have lost my touch tonight 
Sucking at life slash life is failing me 
Sucking down the coffee; will need it to keep up with other niece. This one doesn't sit and color 
Sucking fucking munchies and there are too many people to go got food 
Sucks about his hand though. 
Sucks at speed now 
SUCKS BEING HOME SICK ON A FRIDAYNIGHT IN VEGAS! 
Sucks for you alanis! 
sucks freaks and geeks only lasted a season. there are so many cameos - karen from the office, shia labouef, BEN STILLER.. ruv u desario 
sucks i wasn't let into sound   
sucks that i didn't get lvatt todaay  it better arrive tomorrow!
sucks that I got called in to work a 12-hour shift today 
sucks that i just got off work in time to eat then go to bed. if only my woman would have texted me back an hour ago we could have talked 
sucks that i won't be here for the drake, weeezyyy, and @souljaboytellem concert Aug 2.  
Sucks to be at work as 3.0 comes out and everyone else gets to play with it 
Sucks when u loose a poll cuz of alcohol  I get the msg
Sucks! Haven't recovered yet, so I can't join the parade  Hmfft. Was looking forward for it 
Sucks, I won't be able to go online at 9 pm. Won't catch the relaunch of the Tokio Hotel website. 
Sucky night. 
sucky weather today 
sudafed sure is dehydrating... allergies suck 
sudden crave of Nutella. awwwwwwman. me wantsies! 
Suddenly addicted to The Birthday Massacre's Walking with Strangers, and hating that I wasn't able to see them live.  @TBMassacre
Suddenly awake in the dark and my body aching  http://myloc.me/2Q46
suddenly aware my favourite three acts on #bgt have no chance of winning because they are not posh, not fat, not sickly but just talented 
Suddenly become REALLY tired. Struggling to make it through the day... Shame I've still got loads to do, or I'd have left at 4. 
suddenly captured by an google street view car 
Suddenly feels fat.. Like REALLY fat!! 
Suddenly freaking out about grades 
Suddenly I want to watch 'Soylent Green' and take notes and mail them to your crazy US gov't reps you have down there  http://bit.ly/oHv9L
Reality slowly sinking in  Much love, Cavs.
realizations suck. 
realized how sad my last posting was... Does anyone want to be my friend??  LOL
Realized it's Holy week &amp; my pastor mother is going to have to fit in hospital time between services &amp; whatnot. No bueno for her. 
realized last night that the Seattle to Portland ride is the same weekend as the ALA annual conference in Chicago. What'll I do??! 
realized Mark Hoppus doesn't twitter as much anymore 
realized that someone doesn't agree with our views and attacked my website w/ a virus, sorry for the delay, will be back up on Tuesday. 
realized that when laptop was stolen I lost mp3s of my pet psychic sessions for dead dog. 
Realized WHY being a lesbian would suck so much - PMS two weeks of the month, every month? NO THANKS. Need a new pill. 
Realized: there are things that matter and things that just dont-its a fine line,but worth finding. And wishing I could be @ the BG grad 
Realizes this was a far bigger mistake than i estimated   
realizing how much I miss my boyz! 
realizing i have like 3 friends 
realizing i will be traveling on iphone drop date, pretty sure i will be screwed in getting one before heading to boston next week.. 
realizing that caring for a parent in extremely and rapidly deteriorating health 24-7 single handedly isn't do-able forever 
Realizing that even with all my efforts and time here I'm still a Turist in Finland... maybe even in Life. 
Realizing that, even if I get this job in Jiyugaoka, I'll need to borrow money to pay move-in fees for an apartment. 
Reall bored. Don't want Thursday to roll around, Have to read out my 'Room 101' stuff, Stressing big time 
realllllllly hates how unfair life is sometimes...guess it's not for me to figure out 
REALLLLLLLYYY hoping they visit!!!!!!!!! sitting at work bored as hell. 
realllllly annoyed, bloody tattoo place 
Realllllly doesn't want to get the bus to work tomorrow  I miss my car.
realllllly was hoping this outting would be canceled today, no such luck  working forever, blehhh
reallly struggling at the moment 
reallly super hungover  on my death bed.
REALLLY wants to be a disney channel star now! I can only wish though. 
reallly wants to watch up ! 
Really @katiegrotie  ???
Really annoyed - the song I thought I made up is apparantly a real song. My brother walked in &amp; recognised it straight away 
Really annoyed living in Canada, we have NO good tv channels here! It's bull! 
Really bad allergies today! 
Really bad but I'm lying in bed feeling tired ... too tired to even take clothes off 
really bad cold 
Really bad hangover 
really bad headache :/ working allll day 
really bad night.  &amp; pictures came out bad...rereading the manual.
really bad sore throat... 
really bad. sorry x 
Really becoming rather bored now, havent stepped foot out of my house in 2 WHOLE dayes :|    i feel soo ill , NOT GOOD! ......,x
Really big storm just woke me up 
Really bord 
really bored  ..
really bored  but aat least i don't have any homework
Really bored and tired 
really bored anyone want to talk to me 
really bored at home  is it 7:45 so i can go see my boy yet?? oh and is it time to go back to Marist? missing my besties
really bored from sitting at the computer all day. starting to rain outside  
really bored lol 
really bored right now 
really bored wanna meet up with someone but everyone is out 
really bored...  and its only 9:17.. I need to do something today.
Really bored.... Cant ever sleep till 2. it sucks my house is empty . Im all alone    ~Instant Sugar~
Really boring now   going to sleep then.
Really bothered by debate out of nowhere.  again
Really broad without me besty friend with me...  IMISSYOU!!! â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥-Ambâ™¥
Really bummed hear 3 Roots and Ejoy both closed in Tempe. A lot of great memories in both 
Really bummed out about something today  nothing is coming out right!!!
Really Busy But Really Tired at Work...I Hate Mondays. Wish I Could Go Back to Part Time but I have expensive taste so I Can't  
Really busy, feeling lousy 
really cannot b bothered with college today, but gotta get all my work sorted as not long left 
Suddenly miss Andy...like a lot. 
suddenly missing all d fun i used to have on twitter.... &amp; thus m getting freakin' bored.... 
Suddenly missing Whose Line Is It Anyway?, I wish Starworld would do WLIIA marathon.  I need my Scenes From A Hat fix.
suddenly realized i do not know where my taylor swift love bracelet is and am very sad about it        where oh where could it be....
Suddenly reminisced my favorite days with my best friends -- 2 years ago  I miss them so much.
suddenly very tired, lunch did not help this situation 
Suddenly, am having greaaatt headache 
suffering after last night!! 
Suffering big time, can hardly walk or talk.. the morning after the night before without the night before... no fair 
Suffering Caffeine withdrawl 
suffering frm fever n soar throat    
Suffering from a bad headache. 
Suffering from allergies...    NYY came back walk-off style.  Thought it would never happen but it did.
Suffering from an awful cold........... 
suffering from extreme boredom 
suffering from hayfever 
Suffering from hayfever today 
suffering from head spolodey disease 
Suffering from insomnia 
Suffering from internet withdrawal! 3 days without internet (except for 10 minutes yesterday) OY KAVOLT! (I love my net 
Suffering from Iphone envy, ATT coverage in Santa Cruz is the pits, guess I'll just stick with Verizon and live an app free life 
suffering from travel vaccs and listening to delicate sounds of tree pulping... 
Suffering post holiday blues like you wouldn't believe  
Suffering right now...and ibuprofen isn't providing any relief! 
Suffering the loss of my laptop   time for a new one
Suffering under a seemingly shaped internet connection..  We need more download allowance...
Suffering with a hangover of biblical proportions!  Popping a few Neurofens and Back to bed me thinks...!
suffering with a migraine today - not really sure how I managed to make it into the office.... 
Suffering with a ''rash'' and going to see a doctor monday 
suffering with hayfever today 
suffering with muscle fever...painful  
suffers the consequence of missing breakfast, cannot think of anything but food 
Sugar, we're going down, arent we D: or at least i am  cannot figure out why i am so easily emotionally affected *cry*
Really cannot be arsed with work this afternoon 
Really cannot be arsed with work today. Blahhh 
Really cannot be bothered with school 
really can't afford to get the locks changed 
really can't be bothered to go to work tomorrow, it seems so long since we had a public holiday ... 
really can't believe i'm over with college 
really can't sleep 
really cant work twitter!!! 
Really cba to go to work today  but only 9 shifts left!
really cba to revise   i need something else to do!
Really cold here  x
really cold. getting sick 
really concerned about Air France jet disappearing  watching CNN coverage
really confused        but so excited about saturday !
really confused.... 
Really considering dropping firefox. But I stored all my bookmarks with the google toolbar. 
really could do with some chocolate right now. Stupid diet! 
really could do with washing my hair, but theres no hot water and no time! dry wont work, it has gel from yesterday in it 
Really could eat some ice cream to drown my sorrows about now 
Really crappy night 
Really craving Pizza Hut!!  But I am poor this month 
Really craving Starbuck's coffee right now. Why does the closest one have to be 3 hours away??! 
Really didn't sleep v well, feel rubbish 
Really disappointed with dinner,the pasta is nasty.Feel all sulky now,and so not in the mood to work but I have to to get it in on time. 
Really disappointed with the staff attitude at xcaret makes you not want to go back 
really dislikes fevers/the chills 
really does miss her man. 
Really does not want to spend this weekend in the house. 
really doesn't like having to go to work in this weather 
really doesnt wanna go to school 
really doesnt want push play to move 
really doesn't want to go to orientation today 
really doesn't want to go to work today  any good excuses I can use my tweets?! like..my alarm  broke?! haha
really doesnt want to revise agaaaaain 
really doesn't want to spend the day in the library 
really doesn't want to work in the morning  Boo!
really don't feel like going to work tonight 
really don't feel well at all... and my mum's still making me go shopping with her 
Really dont need old nosy ppl telling me what to do 
really dont understand some people ... why do i bother .. infact i dont think i will anymore 
@rbates now if only we could get something equally as special for us windows users. 
@rbbandstand WICBT (Wish I Could Be There) Snowing here   .....like our class song said...&quot;The Sun will come out...tomorrow&quot; ::gagging::
@rbccsttr  Not soon enough.
@rbcdesifest knocked out the feed for the show ughhhh but the show is still on  i cant see the performance stupid THUNDER! go away rain!
@rbflygal that was quite a lot yes *blush* too bad I missed the initial blast  clear over my head! grrrrr
@rbflygal what's a bridal shower without sex toys? 
@RBGSpazz  I feel sorry for you 
@RBizzzle its so gloomy outside 
@RBjAMS BUT now i am  bye, bye Richmond... LoL
@Rbluey777 Life is good. I miss everyone and I wish I could see Abby right now! I don't have any trips scheduled to come home though 
@rbohlender - agreed, God takes no pleasure in the death of the wicked 
@rbonini I've just noticed that it's down too. Just when I was going to make a comment on something. 
@rbonini Ouch. There are a few Core 2 Duo machines around, but none in the library. The x86 Mac OS X boxes don't share eDirectory either. 
@RBoscia hmmmm I dunno if that is a good trade 
@RBotti I cant figure out how to take the battery out of the palm pre... wth.. 
@rbrinner Ok well maybe I hit some limit today or something because I keep getting nothing. no DM's either  tears!
@rbroller815 you are taking forever with responding to text messages 
@rbrtpttnsn fyi you only get reply's if you don't follow someone  and you can't send messages or see what's up with them.
Really don't wanna go to work... I'm burnt from yesterday 
really don't want to clean again today 
really don't want to do this food technology assignment!  
really dont want to get out of bed and go to work 
Really don't want to go to my &quot;real&quot; job tonight 
Really don't want to go to work tomorrow  it's too nice
really don't want to hear about period pads when im eating 
really don't want to work,  .
really dont wnt 2 study bt i guess i hv  interview cuming on wen...wish me luck
really drunkkkkk hshddkkskfhgvbv 
Really effing hot at work today; A/C guy was there for 4+hrs... I think he was a hack.  Heat box again 2morrow?  Im guessing yes... 
really enjoyed The Apprentice final ... sad that Margaret won't be back though ... it won't be the same without her 
really enjoying Disco Exotika on IFMX, wish I could be there in Amsterdam instead of work 
really excited for tomorrow.. but sadly 2 good things is happening at the same time  'tears'
sugary brown nowadays. the clouds are coming closer so no more sun for some time 
Suggestions for a better title to 'the MOW Files Novel' greatly received 
suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem... just a pity some people don't see that 
suks my mum took my phone off me   i wont b gettin no phone calls from short stack boo hoo
sulking because i've been home for 2 days and already i'm starting to peel! i don't wanna lose my tan! 
sulking in office 
sulking. entered competitions to win pixies tickets for tonight but @nmemagazine and @xfm didn't pick me 
Sulsul got her injection 2day  it hurts so bad!
sum git has taken my name 
Sum people bother me.! 
sum1 follow me...im fed up of bein stuck on 42followers 
Sum1 in let me know what's up for tonight besides KING OF DIAMONDS 
Sum1 plz cheer me up 
sum1 take me to nubi! 
Sum1 tried too be smart and now i have to work..... 
sumasakit na din ulo ko. i need pornstar500 mg. and vit heart.   http://plurk.com/p/11tndx
Summarised 8pgs in2 1! Now, Financial Crime, 12pgs  9hrs 2 go &amp; 11hrs till freedom!
Summer !! Got nothing 2 do  no pool, no friends available, ahhhhhhhhhhhh !!
summer `09 :] ... miss mikey 
Summer break has ruined Tuesday night bowling. 
summer break?...vacation time??.. i don't see any of them anywhere....buaaa .....i only see work work work 
summer class work 
Summer classes starts today 
summer colds suck 
Summer Glau to appear in Dollhouse next year http://tinyurl.com/mnrezc ... I still can't believe they won't renew TSCC 
Summer go away  baq 2 sleep.
summer gym...  
summer has started and i have a cold 
summer holiday! but I'm already missing my friends 
summer hols 2day, but marianne and aoife are gone  nooooooo  going to miss them so so so much x x x
Summer insomnia sucks!! Wish i could fall asleep at a decent hour like a normal person  Clearly I'm wide awake...
Summer is almost here and that means 10 hr work days  this is when being a nanny is not too fun.
summer is coming! And I want to go shopping but nobody has time 
summer is ending in a week. i won't be able to post and reblog on tumblr no more.  awwwwwww..
Summer is finally here...but it is starting off being boring  make any plans?
summer is here mayte! And so are the waxing strips.. 
Summer is Over 
summer is prertty boring at the moment! 
summer is so close but yet so far 
summer is so over 
Summer is sooo boring soo far... i have nothing to do!!! Nothing planned for my birthday tomorrow :'(  It's really pathetic 
summer is starting to get boring..... 
summer is summer and I wish I was on vacation! 
Summer is supposed to be fun, right?  How disappointing. 
Summer kick off with suite freedom tonight? Eh.. Still shaken from that dream 
Summer of checking out colleges back east for &quot;T&quot;. Graduating class of 2010... Holy shit!  
summer plans; june, nothing gotta work. july: nothing broke ass hoe. august: most likely the same as the june... 
summer reading is boring..im waiting till it starts to rain and then i will have to stay inside and drag myself through the damn homework 
summer school  but hyped to be back in the hill!
Summer school blows and i think i just failed my unit test 
summer school can sux my dick! its so borrrrrrrrrrrringggg 
Summer school gym at 7:30  This summer is gonna be fantastic, and I'll love it.
Summer school is boring already  life just isn't exciting!
summer school is kicking my but! 
Summer school math class 
Summer school on monday. well this is what i get .. 
Summer School or Barcelona?  If I go to Barcelona, I will fail my class...can have that on my gpa :\...no traveling for me  
Summer school starts next week  - about to leave work hehe weekend!!
summer school starts next week :/ This should be fun... Sitting in a classroom for 5hrs...  At least i get to see my friends!
Summer school starts tmrw   fml.
Summer school starts today 
summer school starts tomorrow.  hope i can still find some time for vacationing
summer school today 
Summer school tommorrow morning  rob Thomas rocks!
summer school tonight.  i hope its not a complete waste of time.
Summer school. WTF? The point of summer is NO SCHOOL and they send me to summer school? Ughh!! See y'all at 1:00. 
Summer semester is going to suck and this legal ethical class will be the death of me!! 
Summer solstice? Really? It's not sunny enough 
Summer starts oh boy how lame in a weird out mood 
summer starts TODAY! too bad I'm working 
summer sucks when ur grounded and all of your band members are gone doin fun crap.  
summer sucks! i start drivers ed monday, REAAAAAAAALLY don't wanna go 
Really feeling broken SVN integration with IDEA.  Need new plugin that supports 1.6 now now now.
really feeling lonely...but i need some  me time!  
Really feeling shitty today. I need some one to tell me its ok still.............. Why has it happened this way?  I want it like it was! 
Really feels she busted her knee. . . . .i really hope i didn't   
Really frustrated right now.  I don't understand Keplar's Law  &amp; I still have one more chapter to go through!
Really frustrated that Wii still doesn't support anything hight than Flash 7  I really want to use it to watch Hulu
Really frustrated! My iPhone 3G is dead after I tried to upgrade to version 3.0 
really fucking stressed; do not want to go job hunting. 
really full. watching neighbours. dont wanna go to dancing 
really getting boring these days.nothing much exciting anymore 
Really getting pissed off with the F1 news 
Really getting sick of rain  
Really glad I don't have to be at work in two and a half hours like I was originally scheduled. Feel like @thesaragilbert unable to sleep 
really going to miss @catrinazadow this summer 
really going to miss this iPhone when I come home on two days. 
Really going to sleep now I think... youtube is doing maintenance so unfortunately I can't even be seduced by the faux ocean tonight... 
Really good concepts at #mozconcept. I *really* love to send something mine, but no time 
Really gotta sleep early! been oversleeping... 
Really gutted, didn't get the @aberystwytharts business unit. Not even on the shortlist. Stomach hurts. 
Really guys? don't wanna go to the mall? 
really happy to be home but sad Benny is going to have to stay at the kennel one more night 
Really HATE being allergic to pollen! Today is not going to be as planned. - I have to stay inside, at home! 
Really hate being awake when everyone is sleeping. Miss my babyyyy. 
really hate paying my taxes 
really hate seeing ads in rss feeds 
Really hate SG's heat. Alr perspiring in my black denim jacket &amp; shorts when leggings would have made the outfit better! 
Summer Time Ball - I wish I was there 
summer time here is almost over and it's back to school 
Summer TV is in effect...somebody shoot me in the face please 
summer vaca shouldnt be this boring  lol. read some where that Drew Seeley is like 27 is that true? i nvr would hav guessed that! tell me!
summer, but no parties. spending the day babysitting. so annoying 
Summer, summer, summer.  Byeeeeee!
summer.  yard work means hives. means allergy meds. means sleepiness. means no sleep because of thinking about yard work to do. 
SUMMERRRR! I am now officially a senior! I miss my baby 
summerrrrrr would you come sooner!?!??? i'm waiting here!!! pleasss 
Summer's almost over 
summer's almost over. 
Summer's here but who will go get å°?é¾™è™¾ with me ? 
summers not well again 
Summer's over!!! huhu.. 
summers suck on wednesday nights - nothing comes on tv 
Summersville show as canceled today!!    getting my hair cut and dyed right now. woo
Summertime ball is today, and i'm not going 
Summit is DONE. Finally. Longest 5 days of my life  Stuff that happened on Saturday seriously feels like weeks ago.
sumone tell me wats goin on in the lakers magic game wen it starts i have no access rite now n my phones diein 
sumthn has bit ma leg... and possibly ma foot... itchy... 
Sumtimes I think I'm missin out on brkfst pleasure from da corner store  I don't eat bacon, egg n cheese sandwiches neva did and neva will
Really hate spending time fighting with a bulk import tool when you cross the threshold where it would have been faster manually. 
really hate storms  they make me want to cry!
really hate the thought of having to go back to work on Wednesday 
really hates being single 
really hates it when you act like this.  
really hates thinderstorms.  playing guitar hero to make it better.
really hates working off of a server at work. I'm one of 3 or 4 people who seem to have a &quot;Slowsky&quot; problem 
Really hating being so broke. Wanting to work full time badly 
Really have a weird feeling, i think someone just walked out of my life without telling me.. 
really have to go to bed soon. has to be up at 5:45am tomorrow 
Really haven't been feeling well now I feel super sick   bed.  English exam in the morning
Really high pitched, irritating alarm going off somewhere for over 10 minutes  No sign of fire just annoyance on my behalf
really hope danni is better for tomorrow!! it will be rather boring wif out her :/ and i have no one to laugh at when buying relentless 
Really hope i get all my papers done tonight 
really hope I'm not getting sick..... 
Really hope my mrs gets a new job soon! 
really hopes my lil boy dont hate me when i get home! poor lil guy! 
really hopes she can get tickets for november 23rd at wembley! 
really hopes to visit A at the hospital but...... 
Really hopin my eyeshadow palette gets here soon. The cheap shadows I got for $1 today aren't quite what I wanted for my contest entry 
Really hoping  #sflive2010 is in Europe, preferably biarritz ;-) Although February is going to be cold 
Really hoping it doesnt rain 2moz... cause then they won't film the ad and i will have to go to school 
Really hoping Watase decides not to kill off my bb Tomite first and that he ends up with Takiko.  I'm so ~delusional...
really horrible mood  i feel worthless and ugly, what's going on!?
Really horrible that she needs to go to her religious meeting 
Really hungry now, wish I had just put the soup on the hob and not in a slow cooker. wont be ready for another 2 hours 
really hungry..but so tired..why can't food cook itself 
Really hurt my back when I fell yesterday 
really i miss you 
really ill 
Really intense thunder storm outside right now... hope we don't lose power 
really isn't interested in the origin tonight which is weird as i love my footy  but i'm gonna put my tips as QLD by 12 points
Really Jim Derogotis from Chicago Tribune?! We all have our own opinions. Stop the Jonas hate.. 
really just cried, looked at old pics on my 1 friends facebook n saw a pic of me n my BFF. havent talked to her in a good 2 years. 
Really just wants a gf. But one that can always relate and help eachother out and one that feels the same as I do.  being single sucks.
Really lethargic today with a temperature, think i'm coming down with something.. 
Really liking the new Yahoo Music Pages http://new.music.yahoo.com/velvet-underground. The only problem is that it uses Rhapsody 
Really love my current background but i feel it makes me look like a tweeny fangirl so im going to change it 
Really loving freds new song. Ok, must stop dossing or I'll never be finished. @maiseyg I hope you're ok you poor thing 
Really miss my cat  http://myloc.me/52HS
Really miss my friends haven't got a text back yet  what are they doin'?Still can't wait to see them tomorrow!
really miss my vaporizer  For all u stoners, i highly recommend vapolution vaporizers. But don't leave them in the car in desert heat ;)
really missed not being wit my hubby on Daddy's Day  &lt;ugh&gt;
Really misses her man 
Really misses her niece Amilie! Not going to see her till monday 
Really misses mr nathan 
really misses my home in san francisco 
really misses purple haired girl  in ND getting crunk
really misses school and all my friends 
really misses snowboarding and wants to go 
really misses someone right now 
Really missing by hubby tonight!  
Really missing GeeksOn  @aar0nh @Thespen @maddking
really missing her princess... 
Really missing jake. 
Really missing my friend. 
really missing my grandparents today 
Really missing SOTP 
Really missing youuu 
SUMtYMS dont mind  2 b LONELY...!! 
sumtyms i think of how much u hurt me and i wish i could hurt u back.but then i realyz, i'd just be hurtin' worse if i hurt u like that 
Sun again today! Maybe my &quot;jungle&quot; will dry out enugh for me to mow! 
Sun burn + hot bath = 
sun burn hurts  at least vacation is awesome!
sun burn is really itchy 
Sun burns are noooo fun  I'm bored...sittin at home watching Bride Wars with my sister =D Have a good weekend everyone =D
Sun burnt  2 days in a row outside in the sun = bad idea
Sun burnt already 
sun burnt and quaratined 
Sun burnt blisters everywhere. I'm bed bound 
Sun burnt from the parade 
sun cancels it's new uber chip project, oracle deal must be having an effect   http://bit.ly/lZFXo
Sun disappeared.. Nooo 
sun going in  really should live somewhere hot it improves my mood so much...england clearly isn't good for me!
Sun is beginning to set here. Becoming so lonely. 
Sun is burning in my back atm.. Feeling slightly dizzy and my arms are itchy.. Is my allergy coming back..?? 
sun is gonna rise in like about an hour and I haven't gone to sleep yet!! How am I gonna stay awake for the concert tomorrow? 
sun is maaad bright shit woke me up  bak hurts
Sun is making me too sleepy  don't feel like doing anything!
Sun is out but its bed time 4me 
Sun is shining and a very boring day  whyyyyy?!
sun is shining and im stuck at work   also i have the runs. Thanks Antibo
Sun is shining and im working Damn! 
sun is shining, Copenhagen carnaval is going on, and I'm sitting in my room coding 
Sun is trying to come out today - supposed to change big time and be cold and horrid again 
Sun is up 
Sun played more games, I was bankrupt at 'Life'.  haha. sped out fr a dumpster, saw a dead horse and now watching Daisy of Love.
Sun sun sun...but I have things to do 
sun, but not in the office  http://yfrog.com/3o75gj
Sun...where did you go?! 
Sunbathing &amp; Revising 
Sunbathing all day today was ace  Docs tmorrow tho  xxxx
SUNBURN  i hate the sun
Sunburn = massive pain 
sunburn hurts  going to try getting some sleep now.
sunburn hurts in the shower 
Sunburn hurts pretty good! 
Sunburn hurts! 
Sunburn hurts... 
Sunburn hurts....ALOT! Now I cant go on the surf tour 
Sunburn is definately not a friend of mine  causes ouchie. Goodnite ppl! Dream of butterfies unicorns and daises!
Sunburn is itchy 
Sunburn is painful  Ima go out when the sun goes down.
Really nauseous from my #ifast today. Does anyone else have this issue? How long is it going to keep happening? 
really need a job 
Really need help with my graphics card. Can someone help? Intel(R) 82945G Express Chipset Family black screens. Tried updating, no go. 
really need my &lt;3 best friend &lt;3 for a chat right now but he's asleep!!!  he's my heart!
really need my laptop to work 
REALLY need something to dooo! 
really need the loo 
really need to clean apartment 
Really need to clean my house 
REALLY need to find another job...you know, in addition to the 3 part time jobs I already have. The ends aren't meeting 
Really need to get a pair replacement earphones. My ears are hurting from the loud chatter coming from the passengers seated behind me. 
really need to get out of london,  hurry up summer holidays xo
really need to get ready but i dont want to leave my bed 
really need to get some revision done, but absolutely everything is distracting me  someone wanna take it for me? 9am start! 
Really need to go see a doctor about my sore throat. 
really need to go to bed again 
Really need to go to bed now, have work in the morning, or should I say later!? 
really need to go to the gym....not feeling the motivation. 
Really need to sort out my body clock...especially as I have to get up at 7 on saturday... 
Really need to upgrade to a SLR that does video... 
Really needed last night! It was great! Sad kitty kat is gone and haj soon  bbuuutttt Miami is calling me name !!!!
really needing a hug right now 
Really needs a companion to go to the paper airplanes show tonight, please? 
really needs a haircut 
really needs a pick me up.  
really needs a vacation 
really needs her own space! Theres no where to do my yoga! 
really needs to find myself a new job. This day sucks so far! 
Really needs to go to the dentist  tooth ache is a bitch!
really needs to keyshia cole it.....but cant...   @ 4th St &amp; Santa Clara St
really needs to pack 4 tmoro havent got a clue wot to take it gonna take me all day 
Really Need's To Revise RS But Really Don't Want Too! 
Really Needs to REVISE!! Theory in a couple of weeks 
really needs to wake up 
Really nervous about my animal rights presentation next period 
really no mood/hate doing work. the holidays were just soooo love &lt;3 hope time flies and hols come again!  contract law rocks. i think. 
sunburn is starting to sting now  ive got bright red now eeek.
Sunburn just hit me. I though i wasn't burnt..!  my shoulder hurts
Sunburn kills but hey i guess we have to make the most of the sun i mean i am in wales..all it does is rain normally  lol x x
sunburn on my back  so soree ( iLOveeThe Sunn Bhut =P~
Sunburn on my scalp due to working outside today 
Sunburn tweaking. Tweak tweak.  Nose a runnin - away 2Scunthorpe 2day. Looking 4ward 2 wkend. It's the Smigsters b.day. old town.
Sunburn.  but o well gotta enjoy the sun while u can up here lol.
Sunburn. absolute agony 
Sunburn...... :*(........ ouch.......   
Sunburn.....owww!  2 more days....then home.....  
Sunburned  that's my legs vs my inner arm. http://yfrog.com/203goj
Sunburned and in pain   ...watching the yankees game.
Sunburned knees 
sunburned lol it hurts 
Sunburned.... badly 
Sunburns distracting me massively, ran out of ink too  have to nip out but first an ice cold shower *bliss*
Sunburns...why do they have to happen? I'm completely miserable 
sunburnt  but fun day!
Sunburnt  Gutted! Hope it's faded by tmw!
Sunburnt after NDP training 
Sunburnt face and neck 
sunburnt from yesterday bbq in the sun  gunne wear cream 2daii
sunburnt on my back  damn i knew i should have revised instead of talked to my cousin! xD
Sunburnt shoulder!!  School In the morning! Attempting to learn two rebels on the guitar!  (&quot;,) &lt;3
sunburnt, heat stroke &amp; a wholllllle lot of pain 
sunburnt. whoooops 
Sunburnt...ouchy 
SUNDAY -   sunburnt...and got my science a-level tommorow....not happyy  http://tinyurl.com/l7jp57
sunday ....is cleaning day 
sunday = movies, couch tme, chores, fam.&amp; pizza &amp; a bit of twilight....oh &amp; wtching lst 15 min of Harps Island i fell alseep 
Sunday already 
Sunday already! Still raining.. 
Sunday already.  Feels like weeks since I took this pic and its just 8 days ago: http://twitpic.com/4wqof
Sunday and working... 
Sunday at pavillions. Next off to shosh's for fried chicken!! All cooked up with no-one to eat it??    http://yfrog.com/595lvlj
sunday at work 
Sunday at work  And outside yet another beautiful day
Sunday Bloody Sunday. I have a feeling I'm gonna face the music when I get home. 
Sunday boring sunday...what a sad weekend...I'm spending the biggest part of it alone...  fuck!
Sunday but feels like monday :O :| 
Sunday cricket : lost both the matches we played  no real fight. jus given up
Sunday doesn't mean sunny day always 
Sunday ends 
Sunday Funday! &amp;its all over 
Sunday funday! Trying not to think about having to work tomorrow! 
sunday I had a audition for a play in zwolle.. it went well, but now I have sore muscles  grmpf..
Sunday in office 
Sunday in the DLC is BRUTAL!!!  wishing i was out int eh sun!!!!
sunday is almost over   [ listening to black rust &lt;3 ]
Sunday is my favorite day!! But I gots homework..blah 
Sunday is over 
Sunday is over with 
sunday is really boaring 
Sunday is really dragging - no beach due to poor weather 
Sunday is slipping away with the sunset - how ordinary is that . . .humph 
Sunday it at its end.. 
sunday just drifting away...   cant get anything done...  
Sunday May 31st - Urghhh sooo warm today for studying! All motivation is lost in this weather  http://tinyurl.com/lr3hoo
Sunday morning - in bed but awake and hung over!  B/F left early &amp; now I can't get back to sleep! WooHoo for laptop and iplayer! x
Sunday morning at 8:15AM. Family blurry eyed after wedding last night in Loft 11 NYC. At Newark airport. Raining - may not leave on time 
Really not amped 4 this week ahead 
Really not been a great day...the hits just keep coming and I could really use a break 
Really not enjoying the newest season of Reno 911, way downhill - shame, used to be my favourite show on TV 
really not feeling good 
Really not feeling good. I want to go home and go back to bed. 
really not feeling well 
Really not happy that someone is sending out spam and forging my email address as the return so I get all the bounce messages 
really not in the mood for dance, i'd rather be sat in bed with a hot chocolate reading a good book, but no 
Really not liking my family right now. Rescue me? 
really not liking this chemistry assignment 
really not liking this whole laryngitis thing 
really not looking forward in going out tonight but have already commited to going. 
Really not looking forward to going to work tonight 
really not looking forward to tomorrow. business essay and maths exam which are not going to go well for me 
Really not trying to admit that I'm feeling a little under the weather 
really not up for tonight  skin is shit
Really not wanting to go to church this morning I fill like a grilled chicken marinated in Amber Bock!!! 
Really nothing to do at...9:31-am in the morning 
really oughta think about sorting her mess of a room out...and packing 
really pissed off that the chat wont load 
Really pissed that I still have finals next week &amp; that I won't be able to be an extra in @ddlovato's new video. So close yet so far. 
really pretty day and im stuck insde 
REALLY procrastinating right now. 
really rather hungry 
Really really angry. My bf's puppy just chewed up my White Ribbon Hannari Tofu and that one is really hard to find now 
really really bored........................................  need a friend to talk to.....................................................
really really bothered about 2012 end of the world sorta theories. not yet please, not yet 
really really busy day, just home voor 15 minutes and have to go in 10 
really really do need a rest 
really really feeling unwell  &quot;dag-dig-dug&quot; that's sound of my heart
Really really hates when people *have* to pick her up.  I'm sorry.
Sunday morning corporate animation and 6am starts ain't good. 
Sunday morning, and here I am studying. And it's all nice outside, but I'm stuck here  I really need to get myself that laptop!
sunday morning, rainy outside and cool. guess i better start laundry 
Sunday night - ironing shirts 
Sunday night is such a dark time.Facing up to the long drudge of the week to come and wondering how the 2 days off went by so fast 
Sunday night on my own (TCs off to Budapest) and everyone's busy or too far away! Agh. 
Sunday night slow jams. My head hurts   I spend majority of my day doin hmk for no reason.
Sunday night tv is crap!!! 
Sunday night. The most depressing night of the week. The weekend is gone and I couldn't be further away from the next one 
Sunday night... 
sunday nights always feels so lonely 
Sunday nights are my least favorite time of the week. 
Sunday nite  always tough
sunday pulled my horse trailer out only to find out some sh*t has stolen my tail lights Â£72 for new ones 
sunday sucks...im bored 
Sunday Sunday 
Sunday to do list. 1. Golf 2. Play Redfaction 3. Clean house 4. Work on cleaning up itunes, running out of space on 32 gig touch. 
Sunday traffic near DC is a nightmare. Working on getting over the headache. 
Sunday was otherwise good - sunshine, walk, food, laundry - other than missing my aunt's memorial service. 2 far to travel with the baby. 
Sunday! DH not home from overnight yet  means someone called off &amp; he had to stay. Will be taping BlackHawks game as he'll have to sleep.
sunday, that means school tomorrow 
really really loves that site but they sell PETA stuff  too bad...
really really misses her 
really REALLY misses him  and it hasnt even been a week yet..ughh. job interview tomorrow, imagine my excitement.
really really need to do this assignment but too many distractions in the world   twitter  grrrrr
really really really sick. I can't speak or breath. 
really really really wants to enroll in online design institute. now if only there was an angel investor to chip in for tuition 
really really really wishes she was back home, in the Fir Tree, having a drink and watching the Hatton fight later 
Really really really wishes she was in ibiza  xxx
really really tired was up all night 
really really tired.. watching bones.. sont want to go to school tomorrow  english assesment task.
really really want solid state hard drives... sorry people my computers are down 
Really really want the new series of heroes to start..i miss my weeky dose of milo  Xx
Really really want's something but it's all the way in the NT. Can alway's trust me to aim for the impossible!!! 
really really wants to upgrade to an iPhone, but can't just yet 
really really wants to watch the hills finale! I hate living in England!!! 
really really wish I had studied for maths  to drop to pass or not to drop to pass??
really really wishes that she had something to eatt. 
really REALLY wishes the believers never die tour part deux tour would come to the U.K or i could be transported over to the u.s-of-a 
really right now? My stomach is killing me. 
Really sad - had a fight w/friend last week over something silly.  I apologized but he still hasn't called - I don't think he will 
Really sad about Danny La Rue, he was so fab. 
really sad about jon and kate.  
really sad about meeks' decision 
really sad about Steven Wells. Spent my teenage years lovinG his stuff in NME   http://bit.ly/jdbqe
really sad after finally hearing the truth &amp; idk y 
really sad and bored!! 
Really sad art camp is over.   drama camp next week.  Should i be happy?...from what i hear...nooo.
really sad for Jon + Kate 
Really sad I can't participate at the bike week 2009  http://bit.ly/mXPNR
really sad i didn't see up today  
really sad now 
really sad now. I just heard David Cooks brother Adam died.  My thoughts and prayers go out to David &amp; Andrew and the rest of the family.
Really sad right now 
really sad right now.. 
Really sad that I fell in love with a house today and there was an offer made by the time I got back home 
Really sad that I have to head to mge  she's a mean old professor who takes pride with mind fucking
Really sad that Kate didn't win 
Really sad that to have a baby with medical assistance is really expensive and it's kinda criminal the prices they charge 
Really sad the NBA playoffs are over for good 
really sad, but i honestly feel like in the long run it's for the best 
really sad.....i wish it didn't have to be this way..i really wish it didnt 
really sad...don't know what to do! 
Really scared I might have Lyme disease 
really scary dreams about running from little hamsters who wanted to bite me!!!  I hate hamsters.
really should be getting on with my Harry Potter Fanfiction 
really should be getting ready to leave for the studio, NOT sitting on my bed thinking of her 
really should be packing for my flight tomorrow. very reluctant.  (and lazy too)
really should go revise some maths :L . can't really seem to pick up the energy to do so tho  haha
Really should have downloaded a copy of code before I left home... Only 3000 files to go... 
Really should have downloaded a copy of this code before I left home... Only 3000 files to go... 
really should lock herself up &amp; maybe she would avoid all this heartache 
really should tidy my room, but so much is on my mind 
Really shouldn't have let my curiosity get the best of me and looked at those pics! How horrible 
Really sick 
really sick  it sucks  you are SO not supposed to be sick in the SUMMER!!!
really sick of it 
Really sick of these impossible technical problems. I don't have reliable network Internet access now  Want my balancing force home!
Really sleepy today for some reason? Little bits and bobs to do, but nothing to really get involved in 
Really slow computer connection 
Really sore from working out earlier.  at least I will be strongerrr!
Really sore head and eyes...i HATE hayfever 
really sore throat 
Really sorry to hear that, @phidip, I know you wanted to teach open technologies not Microsoft products in your new curriculum. 
really starting to miss my friends!!! especially after i saw that video 
Really struggling to concentrate on this damn assignment   
Really struggling with a blog of mine that is still sitting in Google's sandbox. Searches only turn up other sites that are linking to it 
Really struggling with motivation 
Really sucks when this happens. Especially when it wasn't intentional. I shouldn't be so upset about it but alas, I am. I'm a softy. 
Really sucks when you can't make financial ends meet.  I hate this economy 
really sunburned. 
Really super upset and distraught over this furlough bullshit. I've given 5 years of my heart and soul to this career and now POOF! 
Sunday, the sun is shining. Perfect day to spend indoors at the racket club 
Sunday.. what a boring day 
sunday: J2EE day 
Sunday@Office .... 
Sundays always make me feel tired and lazy, especially when they're rainy 
Sundays and mondays are always very difficult  sigh
Sundays and office just don't mix well, do they?? 
Sunday's are never as relaxing as they should be. They are all about preparing for the week ahead 
sundays are sooo boring!! 
sundays are you boring 
sundays aren't the same without football  boooo!
sundays remind me of mondays 
Sundays should not be for working!!!! Unfortunately there aren't nearly enough hours in a week so I ought to get cracking 
Sunday's toast so -ff to bed b4 another week in the boredroom......... 
sundays with rain are sooooooo boring!  btw why the fuck is it called SUNday then???
Sunglasses have cracked down centre of single piece lens, doh!  Thoughts on Julbo Explorer Cameleon? Anyone bought from www.outdoorgb.com?
Sunny , too bad i have a french project to finish 
Sunny All Week, Then I Get A Day Off Work And It Rains TYPICAL  x
sunny and hot in Zagreb... wish I could go to the seaside instead of sitting in an office. 
sunny day = happy day i think xD but it's a bit ruined cause my plan for today didn't work 
Sunny day again wooo... which is going to be full of revision 
sunny day and i have to study... 
Sunny day is not sunday  http://twitpic.com/3n9pa
Sunny day is over.  Hope for lots of sun tomorrow (maybe not as hot)
Sunny day, and everything goes quiet in twitterland.  Unfortunately some of us still have mountains of work to do. No sun for me 
Sunny is soooo mean!!!  
Sunny train to city. Then home again before 8pm but @mrsrandyvee out so won't make @tuesdaytweetup this month sadly 
sunnyoutside and im stuck inside for the next 8 hours 
Suns gone in  hope it doesn't rain..!! ;-)
Suns just traded shaq  Sure hope they dont git rid of amare
Suns out here! Yet my hayfever is playing up 
suns out, but yet i have nothing to do and no where to go 
Sunscreen didn't work on me, the places where I put the sun screen is the worst 
Sunsday ... And more UNIX Servers to play around with, and VCS Clusters to build 
sunshine + almost summer = studying for hissstory 
Sunshine gave me a headache  Won't stop me going out in it tomorrow if it's nice again though
sunshine sunshine sunshine... But got loads of work to do 
sunshine!! but all my shorts are in the wash 
sunshine, and tomorrow school again  But only two weeks!
Sunshineee!!!! I NEED to Get Back To EL SALVADOR ASAP. 
suntanning with no sun... 
Sup all. I'm having a crisis here, someone help! I have tons of plush toys. Literally more then 100! I have to throw most of them away 
sup errrbody. lol im still sick and it sucks i cant even sing.  lol boo. ima do it anyways
Sup graduation day, 4 years ago. I miss high school, Jontee' most of all. 
sup guyss,what did i miss tonight anything exciting, i had a terrible night,ahah nah its alright spilt a medium coke right down my front 
sup yall. tired of seeing brendan fraser in portland...wish he would go home 
Sup, acne? Why so srs? 
Supah dupah tired please  ouch my finger.
supah tired! damn 
Super &quot;Ngambek&quot;! To the point that I don't really care anymore... I depend on ME! 
Super annoyed...i just wanna go to asleep 
Super bad headache.  going to sleep. ((should be an interesting weekend. lol. ))
Super bad night . Wish I was in van. Going home 
Super bad reaction to protein shake  vomit was involved..
Super bored  i think its time for bed! Goodnight world
super bored no one wants to hangout soo yea I kinda wanna go swimming but noones there that wants to hang out  BOREING SUMMER TILL JULY
super bored. come home now. 
Super bummed the Whitecaps game plans with friends fell through...I now need to be home by 7 to let the sitter go 
super bummed....can't take anymore bad news 
Super busy day today... no time to tweet... or be naughty...  oh well, there's always tomorrow!
Super cold. 
super cute outfit I've been looking for shorts like these but I can't find the perfect ones  http://lookbook.nu/look/168111
Super disappointment...  It's a no go 
Super discouraging day: sketchy interview &amp; no luck on selling my car. Boo!  #fb
super duper love bride wars. ;) I miss my best friends!!! 
super duper tiard... so just stay home sat nightã?ªã?®ã?«... 
SUPER easy pe test ! Scared for biology  my stupid self didn't study.
Super excited about possibly getting role, but there's just 1 downside: I'd have to wait another year or so to go to college  Well, celebs
super excited about sunday drivers opening for coldplay. no luck in going though  (European tour http://bit.ly/Y0Otm via @coldplay)
Super exhausted 
Super Freaked. Lonely Still No To Talk Too 
Super frustrated with this week!! Finals are super stressful,  I did not get the algebra today 
Super headache 
Super hungry and nothing here sounds good ! 
super hungry at 3am 
Super ill 
Super Kings lose 
super late for work, and got an earful from the PSYCHOPATH. GRRRR! Day, please get better 
super lazy to upload pics.. sorry. not feeling well still.. 
super lazyyyy  I need some sweets 
Super lonely &amp; depressed atm 
Super Memory Match My daughter's favorite Iphone game, http://tr.im/oq9R I haven't found a game for me yet 
super missin out on the ocampo party 
super muscle pain all over my body! 
Super nice apple peeps serving snacks &amp; drinks (nonalcoholic) in line but no MBP service 4 me today  #squarespace
super pissed this SHITTY quarter dropped my GPA by .07 
Super relaxed Sunday is almost over 
SUPER sad about ines leaving 
Super sad at the fact that Rafa will not be playing Wimbledon   
super sad day 
super sad day. going to church then out to eat. Then, @maggiefortson and @jackpooter are leaving  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Super Sad Note: Plane crashes into Atlantic.. Over 200 people aboard.. Dirt 
super sad realizing i'm the one guilty of messing up my plans with my sister.  i suck 
SUPER sad that I didn't get to tell my niece goodbye. I prob won't get to see her for awholenother yr. *a tear just fell* 
Super shitty day 
super sick at home  
super sick. voice is pretty much gone. 
Super slooooowwww internet, can't browse, can't upload photos, can't use messenger. I'll just sleep 
Super sore back  everything's sore tonight ~ can't sleep. I pay way too much on satellite for there to be NOTHING on. Such a whiner lol!
super stuffed and dying for a nap, but I'm stuck at work on this lazy rainy day 
super super pissed at Core Data right now. only way to guarantee an Entity's child-Entities inherit a method is to subclass *all* of them 
super they McTrailered The Road. Sorry Cormac McCarthy  http://movies.yahoo.com/premieres/13468916/standardformat/
really surprised I haven't cried yet, my week is so bad 
Really then my phone is fucked 
really thinks wee callum should of got through last night 
Really thirsty..  Going to grab something cold..... Monday blues already making me drenched with sweat! 
really thought this cold would've gone after 14 hours sleep...but no 
really tired  night everyone.
really tired  watching Harry Potter and The Prisoner of Azcaban how big of a loser am i ?? can't wait til saturday hopes it goes good
Really tired after a hardcore workout ! Time for work ! YAY !  Kill me now !   I actually have no energy !
really tired and sad becuase my best friend emily is in the hospital tonight  she may get her appendix out
really tired and want to go to bed, but I have to go to a shoot at 12:30 
Really Tired at Work, Its So Boring. I Wanna Go home. 
really tired don't know why 
Really tired of feeling so crappy, i want to feel normal again 
Really tired of my friend trying to get my best friend to hate me. idk what to do. 
Really tired of this rain 
Really tired this afternoon &amp; I have the beginnings of a cold. My throat is killing me. Grrrr  Better be gone before my holiday next wk!
Really tired, gonna go to sleep soon. I probably won't be able to sleep though, I'm too stressed out.  Ugh.
really tired, just want to go back sleep but start work in an hour 
really tired, think im gonna be sick... 
Really tired. Need some rest. 
really tired... have to study for cunninghams! 
really tired..but cant be bothered going to bed  P.E tomorrow too..oh the joys!
Really tragic   http://idek.net/D4o or sounds to me like LOST! I guess that would be a better scenario...one with survivors!
really tried and has to leave for school now 
Really trying to have more 'fun' and stuff, now and then, but when I try, I wish I was at hoe or just went home instead. 
Really up in the air about PC or Mac on my new computer ($750 vs. $2,000). Macs are SO much better, but I don't want to spend that much! 
really upset about derek closing his channel. 
Really upset about my two kittens running extremely high fevers for cats  they're @ the vet and I'm praying for them
Really upset i forgot about the egg drop  wow now i wanna cry...getting ready for school i guess textt me 
Really upset I was ill and missed Britney at the O2. 
really upset that I forgot my headphones today... 
Really upset. I can't fucken believe he say that to me 
Really wanna ask Woon hang abt Kathrine. But afrd 
really wanna go out from this house and go somewhere, bored 
Really wanna see Year One tonight. 
really want Kate Voegele's album.. except its not out in Australia!! Boo! 
Really want some doughnuts today. Probably because the wonder bread smells so good floating around downtown. Will miss it w hen it's gone 
really want summer.its 61 degrees and raining 
really want that thing badly!!! 
Really want to be playing Left 4 Dead or Mirrors Edge right now but I don't have either games 
Really want to come back to the past ... When the JB wasn't really known in France ! Everything turns in a wrong way .. 
really want to go home 
really want to go home now  13 hour days are not fun
REALLY want to go to Maker Faire tomorrow but I am SO SICK.  #makerfaire
Really want to go to quiz night, But not well enough   sobsob.
Really want to go to the cinema...there are sooooo many films I want to see 
Really want to see Kasabian at Eden Project 4th july! Just need someone to go with 
Really Want To See Miley Cyrus's Concert In December! Wish She Was Coming To Cardiff Though 
Really want to see Paige!  why can't we live in the same city, would be so much easier :p
really want to see UP, but no one wants to go with me 
really want to watch JONAS 
really want to watch sirkus kontemporer at galeri kesenian tonight.. hope i can finish earlier 
Really wanted a bowl of Cheerios.... but I forgot to buy more Soymilk 
really wanted her nails done today  *stamps feet, sulks*
Really wanted the hibatchi grill way to be a loser Will 
really wanted to go to the bars tonight! 
really wanted to go to the concert 
Really wanted to go to the pool today...unfortunately it got cooler, rainy, and cloudy.  That's not really great pool weather.  Bummer.  
REALLY wanted today to be a sick day...but I'm here at work 
really wanting chipotle..and some meds 
Really wanting ice cream! May have to get that # for that acupuncturist after all. Ouchie. 
really wanting some pancakes. healthy eating went out of the window last night, but i danced it all off  Also trains suck, a lot  X
Really wanting to sleep in my own bed tonight 
REALLY wants a massive hug and kisses from Christopher  I miss him loads  1 day left. 24 hours is way to long  xxxx
really wants a pug 
Really wants an iPhone 
really wants credit  bummed i dont have any
Really wants lunch... 
Super tired and have swolen ankles 
super tired and heading to bed after the a/c leaked everywhere in the garage.   when it rains it pours, I guess. Hoping tomorrow's better!
Super tired but can't sleep! That's the worst 
Super tired from work 
Super tired with a tummy ache  ...I want to go to a Yankee game
Super tired. Have a lot to do but no motivation to do it 
super tired.... but i cant sleep... family flying in from BeLiZe.... (sigh) i need entertainment... or food... or both... 
Super ugly clouds out there. 
super upset right now, yay me 
Super upset with mii hubbii  totalii dissed me for our dinner date.....boo to u
Super Upset! Careless driving... Are you serious? 
Super worried right now 
super worried/scared. i NEED a real job  #trackle #squarespace
Superb ... thunder and heavy rain just as I need to go out 
superb footie result making mushroom pork for tea as I live in an apartment on 1st floor and cant hold a  bbq 
Superbad just got sad when it turns out that one girl doesn't drink 
superbestfriends @rachaelearl and @bekalowe need to create ME a photography website 
SuperCaretaker John Pemberton has left Nottingham Forest 
Superhero is leaving today  Sadddddddddddd
superjam tonight.....I didn't buy tickets  I really wanted to see Jeezy..
superly hungry, someone feed me 
Superman Mod 2 on garrysmod.org is shit. It broke my noclip 
Super-mega-happy-glad it is Friday and it is a DOG SHOW weekend! Also happy Hazel is coming back from Burns' on Sunday. Miss my girl 
supernatural eason finale next weeek  Noooo x
Supernatural me faz falta, Carry on my wayward son, there'll be peace when you are done 
Supernatural was pretty awesme last night. Missed how I Met Your Mother though   Wish I didn't have an exam to sit today...
Supernatural whilst the worlds gettin pissed am sittin with a wee glass o water watchin telly/tweetin  oohh its a wonderful life lololol
supersize teens 
supersonic flight speed color correcting today, i can do this.  man, i'm so behind on blog readings 
Suposed to be working but really just sitting her worrying. Oh boy what fun. 
Supporting my fellow freedom lovers in Iran.  We're behind you in spirit.  I wish we could do more!  
Suppose I best go to exam room. Cya in 3 hours! 
suppose i better go get ready for work 
Suppose I need to leave now...too tired just wanna sleep 
Suppose I'd better get showered 'n' stuff. Want to go back to bed for an hour, but can't. 
Suppose thefts and all crimes  will get worse as financial situation bites harder. 
suppose to be studying but im hella tired  cant do it no more 
Suppose to leave no later than 3. It is 5. 550 miles to drive. Saying goodbye to those you love sucks. 
supposed 2 be cleanin but you know how i am. havnt talked to any of my friends in a while cuz my stupid phone broke! i feel very lonely 
Supposed to be a day off for me, but instead home with two sick kidlets 
Supposed to be at a driving lesson but I must have got the time wrong  Today is going to be Roundabouts for an hour straight... fun  #fb
Supposed to be doing HOMEWORK.  But it is BORING and TIRESOME and ANNOYING and WEARISOME.  I wanna weekend!  
Supposed to be eating pho with my parents but cause I'm a vegan, I gotta nibble on this.  http://twitpic.com/6a761
supposed to go memorial/assembly shopping but plans are getting delayed!! 
supposed to go to a bonfire but it rained 
supposed to go to mcgees for dinner, but I have way too much work to do 
supposed to leave at 7am. They're still on the runway. Not leaving til 9:20. My poor daddy and his bad back   Gonna worry all day now.
Supposed to making a summer pudding but it doesn't feel much like summer today 
Supposed to rain tonight. Gonna be wet tigers game 
Supposedly Clinton was the first &quot;Black President.&quot; Will Obama be the first &quot;Gay President.&quot; Does not look good right now! 
Supposes everyday can't be productive 
Supppper tired. Need to get home to go to sleep and get ready for tomorrow. Another early day 
supre. on sale 50% off. have to go with rebecca! yay yay yay! and i want that purr colourful jumper in the dolly mag 
Suprise visit from my mate Stevie James, which was nice... Now just dog walking, damn it's gone cool 
Suprisingly good mood, not tired. I don't wanna go to school. I miss James 
Sure could use a cpl White Castle burgers! Just in a depression  y celtics y!
sure do wish I was home! 
Sure do wish it would stop snowing 
Sure is missing my dog Maximus today   I hope the remaining 3 months in quarantine fly by at lightning speed. *sigh*
Sure sign I'm on lates-the sun is shining on the righteous in Blighty and the mercury is rising.Always hot when I'm on lates 
Sure wish I could download the new iPhone OS 3.0, but nooooo, it has to be storming.  I don't like storms anymore. 
sure wish i would have thought to do a dance for all the fathers at the brunch today...oh well too late now cuz i have no clothes 
sure wish the cat would stop hiding 
Sure wish the doctors could figure out what the heck is wrong with me,  3 years, can't even enjoy summer, woe is me 
Sure would be nice to be lying on Savannah Beach today..... but it's off to another meeting instead   oh well....
surely hope the whole easily ticked off thing is a PMS phase 
surely I have something to do but tweet and....... 
surely is.... this is the first time I have tried to do this 
Surely it is not necessary .... aunk ....( I apologize but I can not ).... this is very selfish :p 
surely there's a way to get some sleep annnnnd fit work somewhere into that plan?????  i'm tired of being so tired every day!! 
surely when Buzz Lightyear realises he's a toy, NOT a superhero, is one of the greatest examples of pathos in the cinema. 
surfed maui, but thinks she aggravated that rib she bruised, surfing in Oz a almost 2 yrs ago 
surffing the web then cleaning my room 
surfin the web readin sum book priddy relaxin day, 1st day bak at school tomorro not fun 
Surfing in Norway : http://bit.ly/vdBXu (via @KjartanAlvestad) Dissappointed, thought this involved water and boards  LOL
Surfing on the internet ... I'm a litlle bored 
Surfing the net geez chucks anoyying 
surfing the web on my neighbours' unsecured wlan: Lightening destroyed my own internet connection ... 
surfing the web with my classmates!!! shit.... 
surfing the web...depression has set in since I have to go back to work next week! 
surfing thw web from a hotel lobby spending one week away from home for a workshop... kinda sux 
surfing yesterday sucked...it took the wrong board with me 
Surf's looking onshore  night still get waves though. I hear great things about tomorrow 
surgery effin hurts 
surgery is tomorrow 
surgery this week . . . God help me through this and make me feel a WINNER 
Surgery thurs... Sooooooo effin nervous 
Surprise 3 more invites to  using LinkedIn webinars today,  am I the only person not  doing a webinar or blog on Linkedin?  
Surprise b'day dinner for me tonight thanks to @simonebuckley. Sadly though our water has just stopped again. No shower! I'm gonna smell 
Surprise last minute attendee for creation is @sambo101 !  He fought for this and cant even twitter it himself cause mom isnt too happy 
Surprise surprise...cAn't sleep 
SURPRISE TREE! Taken out whilst showboating on GTA San Andreas 
Surprise!!  Provincial office doors locked at 4:28 PM on Friday. 
Surprise..surprise unable 2 fall asleep last nte 
surprised at finale of BGT in the end - but judges did it beforehand - they manipulated the results b'cause ppl voted on what they said 
Surprised at how well the car is doing so far (touch wood), has made it to Stafford. Had to abandon my Ikea bookcase though 
surprised that vada is not ready at Kamat Lokaruchi 
surprised to see kerela tourism use twitter as a medium of advertising and awareness. Goa tourism lags way behind in that dept... 
Surprising my chrome says .. this page contains some insecure elements .. the url is &quot;www.twitter.com&quot; .. 
Surprisingly it's been 4 hours, and I'm still numb- guess I'm not taping the Skittles look today 
Surprisingly, after my acting class, I'm feeling super sleepy  That class usually wakes me up.
Surrounded by big-wigs (PMs) today 
Surrounded by luv'd ones..... but still very lonely. Ya feel me? 
Survey: profitability of PR firms dropped 21% in 2008  http://www.crainsnewyork.com/article/20090617/FREE/906179982
Survived a week without my cell phone and twitter! Off boat  waiting for plane.
Survived Drivers Ed last night! I think I like weeknights better than weekends...even though it makes for a Very long day....  
Survived Heather's wedding with no falling. lol Lazy today, work tomorrow. 
Really wants MUSE 2 come play in Australia like!! OH.  They have listed the latest tour dates -everywhere but.! excuse for a holiday??haha
really wants some chocolate 
Really wants some coffee, but it dries out my throat. That's not what I need right now 
really wants something to look forward to  History exam on mondayy doesn't really cut it! :|
really wants that job... waiting sucks... 
really wants tickets for the x factor live auditions 
Really wants to be at home right now watchin the E3 coverage on G4. I'm missing so much 
really wants to be at the Jonas Brothers gig tonight, but coz of exams i couldnt go 
really wants to be outside enjoying this weather..i'm stuck at work instead 
REALLY wants to buy tickets for Beverley Knight on presale today but it would mean no food shopping for the week - will have to wait  
really wants to find her iPod...hopefully it's lost at home..... 
really wants to go back home to Hawai'i.... Waimanalo blues. 
really wants to go back in Cali! as in, right now!! 
really wants to go back to bed but im not allowed i have to go shopping for kids b-day party 
really wants to go on a cruise next year to the year after. Anyone want to go?? Ryan's an ass and doesn't want to go. 
really wants to go out tonight  Stupid work tomorrow
really wants to go out tonight!! 
really wants to go see AI tonight. 
really wants to go see DMB this year! 
really wants to go see the script in NY in august... but no one will go with me 
really wants to go to Lily Allen's secret LDN gig, but can't add her as a friend on MySpace 
Really wants to go to the A Day To Remember concert on June 24th, but I'll be in stupid California. 
really wants to go to the blink182 concert in sept but just found out the one she was planning going to just sold out. 
Really wants to hear david archuletta sing  but cant lol
really wants to learn the violin. that'll probably fail like my poor guitar  i guess i'll stick to piano for nowww
really wants to play airsoft   // listening to @stephenjerzak &lt;3
really wants to run away from this place 
really wants to see FMA Brotherhood episode 10. 
really wants to see pink again in August, but not sure if I can afford it.. 
really wants to see Snow Patrol live again, seems like months ago and it was only 3 weeks 
really wants to sing &quot;Just You Wait&quot; for the talent show but can't find a karaoke track. 
really wants to take a nap. gone are naps for david 
really wants to watch proposal daisakusen but has no english subs 
survived summer school... it was horribly long and my professor smells 
Survivor mode is crazy!!! ...but its not the same without my friends...   Tomorrow it shall be fun!!
Susan Boyle came in 2nd  Diversity, a dance group won BGT.
susan boyle got robbed   Just like Adam Lambert. Who the heck is voting anyways...
Susan Boyle got second place on &quot;Britain Got Talent.&quot; I kinda wanted her to win. 
Susan Boyle has gone into the Priory clinic after doctors told her to take time off following her Britain's Got Talent defeat. Poor Susan 
Susan Boyle has lost this game 
susan boyle is a perfect singer and i find it's sad she couldn't sing because she's so-called &quot;ugly&quot; 
susan boyle is under pressure..... it's ashame 
Susan Boyle looked pissed off at the BGT finale. 
Susan Boyle loses. Love is dead 
Susan Boyle lost  how could they do this to an angel?!
Susan Boyle lost BGT!!! WHAT NOOO!!!! hmph...i liked her 
Susan Boyle lost.  Pz follow another great singer at gazeboinfo ...new to twitter.
Susan Boyle lost?  I hope she is given other deals. I want to hear more of her!
Susan Boyle or Shaheen Jafargholi, were deserved to win. So disapointed  
Susan Boyle should have received 1st place; her provoked public outbursts might have done her in... 
Susan Boyle, Diversity or Stavros Flatley - i have no idea who to vote for! Stupid BGT! 
Susan Boyle.  Another reason I have never wanted to be famous.
susan boyle...god...she is ugly and can sing BIG WOOP! why does she have to be from scotland where i stay...it gives us a bad name :O 
Susan lost  I'm mad lol Contemplating if I have the nerve to watch Alien for the first time in the dark..... probably not LOL I'm a sissy
Really weepy today 
really wish i could afford a new phone.. 5 buttons have fallen off, the camera's stopped working and the actual screen keeps falling off. 
Really wish I could fall asleep, but to much is going through my head 
Really wish I could fall back to sleep 
Really wish I could go to Shh It Happens tour but it's the day before LMAM Allentown &amp; day of LMAM Philly. So lame 
Really wish I could play pool that good when I'm sober 
Really Wish i could see dave from @reemerband again, missing him already 
really wish I could travel home, but looks like i'm stuck here 
Really wish I had a different lens to take with me to Israel. 
Really wish I had a working sewing machine... Going home to start work on the dresses for Repo!- which I will mostly have to hand-sew... 
Really wish I hadn't taken that nap earlier today. I can't sleep!! Ahhhhh 
really wish i knew about this! 
REALLY wish i was at sherwood right now  hate being ill xx
Really wish i was back holidaying in Korea!! 
Really wish i was seeing mcfly at cambridge tonight! but no  got work  ah well im gonna try see them in kent on 17th July hehehe 
really wish i'd have gone to see the saturdays in wolverhampton tonight 
Really wish my sister was here I miss her so much 
Really wishes everybody was back in town... 
Really wishes he had money.... damn I need to be an EMT already... Have fun J and M 
Really wishes he had some spare cash to buy the new Punch Out for Wii 
really wishes he was still tucked up in bed with bop! 
really wishes I could refrain from doing dumb things that result in injury  stupid bruised thumb
really wishes i couldve gone to lily allen concert in brisbane tonight! damn not having funds to buy tix on time 
Really wishes i wasnt so tired. All i wanna do is sleep but i work 5 more hours and then have to babysit a maniac 2 year old boy 
Really wishes money grew on trees 
really wishes she could go see taylor swift this summer, but seeing jonas instead. ugh, i wish i had more money so i could see her live! 
really wishes she could twitter on her cell 
really wishes she was away from Reading and these stupid exams 
Really wishes she was more awake.. But getting up at 330am to work is a bit hard 
really wishes SimplyCast would cooperate so that she could get working on her one legit source of income! 
Really wishes that she really got to watch he's jz not that into you, with him 
really wishes the heat would be turned up in the house. 
really wishes this annoying pain in my side/hip/tummy/whatever would go away. 
Really wishing I didn't have to wake up tomorrow morning 
Really wishing I had a small bottle of ginger ale 
Really wishing I had my guitar here  couple more weeks!
Susan made me a good breakfast and now we're headed downtown to the Opening Ceremony.  Thunderstorms predicted all day. 
SUSAN SHOULD HAVE WON. 
Susanna what the hell is wrong ?  text my phone NOW! R u home?? Be careful driving ok ??? Shit you're scaring me!
Sushi (mostly sashimi) lunch band narcolepsy side-fx palsy so very bad I kept spastically dropping my food. Even using my fingers 
Sushi Den, Denver's best Japanese for many years, is getting too hip. No more Tonkatsu pork cutlet on the menu.  #twEATs
Sushi is Y-U-M-M-O!!!! Ewww except for the eel  Looks pretty though.
Sushi Robot with pressure driven robot hand http://bit.ly/y8Dz4 (via @dashchang) | Creepy... 
Sushi today for lunch but with the rents mmhmm...when is this weather gonna get better 
Sushi with @MelindaV !!! Yum! There's only one thing missing that would make this perfect... @CCab 
Sushi, miso soup, strawberry banana smoothie w/ tapioca and dinosaurs. Going to miss my weekly Wednesday culture trip downtown next week. 
Sushiii ; then drinkin some brews w/dimi before she leaves me 
suspect price fixing on the freezer from ebay.....  fillet on hold 
suspects she has colic..... unfortunatly out of buscopan for the cramps, so I'll have to make do with curling up under a blankie! 
Suspects that the award-winning art society she's planning to join will frown at the lowly style of anime 
Really wishing I knew some peeps on here.  All I do is follow, no followers. 
Really wishing I was in the midwest today. My lovelies are having fun concert weekend without me 
Really wondering if everything is alright... 
really wont be able to sleep tonight  OUCHHH
Really would like to listen to Skillet &quot;Hero&quot; right now, but this computer doesn't have Flash.  No Flash = No MySpace Music = No &quot;Hero&quot;.  
really wouldnt like a repeat of last nights dream tbh!!  would like monday nights back tho &lt;3, i seem to be dreaming loads recently &quot;/
Really, falling asleep crying again? Real cool. Whyyyy? 
Really, I don't have time for this anymore... 
Really, Jon &amp; Kate  NOt even worth watching the show anymore!
really, really , really miss my Cowboy! 
Really, really would like a spotify-like client for tv shows/movies.  I've been spoiled!
really, really, really, CBA going to school tomorrow!! 
really, realy want a netbook. mrr. Techno-lust sucks 
Really.... Bad.... Sushi...... I hurt so bad..... I'll be spending the night in the restroom... Kill me now.... 
Really? 5:00 AM? Really Rune Factory? Really? 
Really? I haven't gotten anything. I miss you bad 
Really?? Then we should motivate it eachother cuz u rather sleep  lol @Kiwi_KiKiReeSTL
reallyy dont want this weekend to end! 
reallyy misssing friendss  text me 643*5136):
Reallyy wantss to see ne-yo and jeri hilsonnnnn 
realtime updates! Pray for the people of Iran, pray in memory of Neda.http://quaalude.proboards.com  a terrifying night i,m crying  QC
realy mad the stupid lady cut my bangs too short  Gggrrr !!
realy really hates being ignored. for nearly 24 hours! this is not like him. feel shit 
realy upset daniel broke up with me last nite and i cant figure out why,  watching movies
reaquainting myself with the process of posting news items on our intranet 
Rearranging my @TweetDeck groups. @mixero had failed me dearly. 
reAserchiNg..i'D raTher say im pLaying, bUt im not 
reason #123,243,342 I don't like weathermen, school program canceled due 2 rain.Show 6p-7p now 8:15p still no rain  #weathermenRneverright
reason for mobile tweets: whole network down. the whole networking shebang down. i have no net 
suspened from twitter on x3Emmaax33 
Sussex-mtb no worky this morning 
Sutil missed a golden chance  again. No points yet for Force India. Ferrari is the only other #F1 team without point in 09 
sutil... sigh..! here goes his race n this time inlap#1.. 
Sutton in a golf club aaaaah so bored 
suuuuuuper sleepy about to crash out... Hates my period 
Sux- Actually had 2 bail out on my friends last nyt n go to my room 2 sleep wyl thy're dwnstrs chilln. Tht was rude but I had 2 work 2day 
sux being an insomniac. wish i had a unisom... or TEN benadryl!!!  
Sux that poker was cancelled 
Suzanne Vega's Birmingham mission to help street children http://tinyurl.com/nuom5c &amp; doesn't look like I'll get to see her gig 
Suzy is sooo cuteee! I wish they wouldve kept her tho 
SVR Wtch... the big question: will we get anything? ME: Probably not 
SVU finale tonight 
swagbucks is frsutrating me 
Swagger is at like  @ 9 hundred thousand and on the clime, let me fall back 
swallowed a gigantic flu tablet, hope it would be the last  oh runny nose, sucks.
Sway sway baby ticks Melbourne sold out ??? 
Swear im on the train wit dis dude that was stalkin me on facebook...=-O 
Swear just saw mirage of my Navigator by my old building in my old hood. Maybe I'm just missin my old life. 
Swear to god: kid sitting next to me looks like a holocaust victim. Seriously... Eat.  but then again he might be sick
Swearing at my boss under my breath secretly wishing he could hear me 
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillen with no make up on..   Last practice for Chamber tonight 
sweating 
Sweating because my friends apartment doesn't have AC 
Sweating buckets...... too hot today.... 
Sweating cheeseballs  hot hot.
Sweating.damn it is HOT here in Toronto, CANADA right now. I have the A/C on, It's a heat wave. Finally. Garbage workers are on Strike. 
Reasons why I can't sleep : My ear is swollen due to a piercing, migrane, and not in the big bed with the d00d. Sounds about right. 
Rebeccaeward Awe I hope the lil guy is ok. 
Rebel went into a fit earlier... hate feeling this helpless. 
Reblog if you're procrastinating. - countyourluck: Â ps. finals in 2 weeksâ€¦.so much work left to do!  http://tumblr.com/xdc1xr91e
Rebuilding my laptop AGAIN! Way too much alpha and beta software made it ill. 
recap of today:  DMV = success! breakfast=delicious! TWITTER=suspended!  baby shower=wonderful! new apt key=EPIC FAIL=$189 LOCKSMITH
recapping on britains got talent. britain seems more talented than america 
Received 8 books from @bookdepository. Most arrived OK but one was defective (pgs not cut properly). That's two issues in the past 2 wks 
received a bad news today  I don't want to talk about it
received a letter from my mun with my new credit card..and no candy!!! 
Received a NIP today.  It seems Stewart ran a red light in Sandra's car 
Received a very sentimental #poetry from my friend ! Trying to recall me our school days ! 
sweaty and tired from the 6 lap run.  gonna do sun run next year no matter what.
Sweaty. Not in a good exercise way 
sweet 16 isn't that sweet at all 
Sweet beat being made check! Lose power for a split second cuz of the storm check! ...... Aw phuck! 
Sweet booth at Newport... But all the people are outside  http://post.ly/hEb
Sweet geez, my internet was down for 5 hours. 
Sweet jesus! Almost ran over by a car! 
Sweet lord, I couldn't even stand up last night. Never getting that drunk again. Was horrible 
sweet sweet sound - sarah reeves . 
Sweet! I've found a est$50 to $200 flight round trip!  But sadly i still don't have the money 
Sweet!!  My order from artscow was shipped!!  Maybe I'll get it for JB. I'll have to take off my crown, odt. 
sweet...KSM is giving me permission to party...again...at demi lovato 
Sweetest girl came out in mp4, I need 3gp for sidekick  maybe get it later? http://vixy.net download 3gp from Youtube (not Google Video.)
Sweetie... Lunch at the meeting room.    RM just told me: &quot;Next week you go nordic countries&quot;.  :S Cell phone off til 15:00.  Luv ya.
sweetkarekare@gulsahcetin omg why does he have to go? omg i have to give one of my dogs away today too  ::::sigh:::: hope ure ok?
received news from my mom's cousin in Ireland that OKmag issue with Kian and Jodi's wedding is completely sold out already  .........
Received some wallpapers! I'll put them up ASAP, just really busy right now 
Received the letter from school and it says that exam time-table will be strictly adhered to. Upset  - http://tweet.sg
received two 30 page texts things for english to sort out an analyse within the next week  bad times...
receiving a bon voyage choc surprise cake on the plane is just classy. i miss my friend. 
recently, i've been missing you 
recently, my email inbox is full by sale notifications from many stores 
Reception's not for another 2.5 hours, and I'll bet they won't be showing Doctor Who episodes (something my sister should consider), so 
Recession hit Veronique Branquinho, she has to quit her company, such a shame! 
Recession recession. From Dharmawangsa's chocolate spa to traditional lulur, not so happening 
Recieved an email from Oberlin College titled, &quot;The Tall and the Short of Oberlin College.&quot; WHAT ARE THEY TRYING TO TELL ME. 
Recital 2day...hoping it goes better than rehearsal   Great day!  Got the dogs walked this am.  Finally seeing end of laundry mountain!
recital went SOOOOOO well sooooooooooo happy! sad its over though 
recitals over  but britta's not leaving us !!
recitals over  depressed shake your tamborine&lt;3
re-Cleaning the room.. ankle is aching again.  And I wanted to do a leg workout tonight too. 
Swelling in my hands and ankles has officially set in.  My fingers are turning into sausages. 
sweltering again today - still to burnt to sit out &amp; enjoy it 
SWEng declared. #greens beat labour, but no seat.  #eu09
swim practice! i thought there wasnt. BOo!  lol
Swiming is fun but not so fun alone  wish ash wasnt such a big baby
swimmers ear in BOTH ears + cant hear out of 1 + nausea + dizzyness + fever + sunburn + POS car = FML 
swimmer's ear is not fun. so long pool, I'll see you when my ear stops throbbing. 
Swimming and never caught that redbull car earlier . . . sad day 
Swimming Pool  I WANT TO TALK WITH DADDY  He's in Toronto 
Swimming was fun! I met a cool chick named Anna and i was watching a pretty life guard. I wish i couldn't swim. 
Swimming with dolphins- check, and awesome! Brad majors crotch in face- also check, and considerably less awesome 
Swimming with Tiffany , Annie , Brooke ... and Ryan 
Swindon draw, Blackburn lose man this is turning into a nightmare season 
swine flu attacks HK so i can't go  screw you swines!
Swine Flu H1N1-Canada reported that the virus jumped from a human to pigs-Pigs in Egypt ordered the slaughter of humans just to be safe 
Swine flu has hit our school district.   I know I'm a paranoid person, but it's scary as fuck.
swine flu in HK. getting too close to home. 
swine flu in nz Scary 
swine flu in victoria 
Swine Flu is everywhere. 
Swine Flu is in Gladstone. Thanks a heap, random little kid 
Recommending =&gt; &quot;Build a Website - Squarespace&quot; Shame it is paid hosting  ( http://bit.ly/NdUmh )
Record night at the workplace last night, crazy!  Trying out google chrome, scince my firefox is not liking my old broken down computer 
Record. Up@ 4 - Sick as all hell. Going to b MIA for a few days. Not going to class ne more-Missing out on 200pts - Settling for &quot;C&quot; .FML 
Recorder did not record Merlin properly. I don't understand why it didn't work. Am very sad 
recording ep. 6 of HCG. Drew's last show 
Recording lots. Got some new songs. Saw Clutch last night. Awesome. Mad hangover today though 
Recording The Rules this morning in London. First overseas recording. First recording without @RhyllaM 
swine flu's easing 
Swinging. I have started hating myself. 
swisher with a great hit but he goes for 2 and gets out going for extra bases. smart base running but good throw  1 out
Switched from a Blackberry to an iPhone 3GS tonight.  but someone tell me I will learn to like the iPhone &quot;keyboard&quot; Change sucks 
Switched from Tivo to DirectTV. Bad decision 
switched to telus digital cable and &quot;high speed&quot;, which really isn't because it's like 4x slower than our last internet provider 
switchfoot's coming to toronto tomorro!!   im not going   but the SOund of Music Festival is still on!
switching back and forth with the bachorlette show dang she kisses pretty much all the guys dont know if i can do that 
Switching to FF3.5b seemed to fix it, although I lost Gears   http://is.gd/JRZy #firefox #wordpress
Switzerland, Zurich: aya bar - drinx and talx: waiting 30 minutes for a snack. After a friendly reminder the waiter gets on to me ... 
Swivel chair and fit ball foot rest don't work.  took me 5 goes to work that out   Blonde or what!!
Swollen face.....again 
swollen glands really hurt.. i cant even eat/ drink anything and it hurts to speak!  
Swollen lip aaaaah  today already sucks.
Recover, I shall. Now. Please. 
Recovered from surgery but can't sleep!  boo!
Recovered slightly from Friday.  Wish I got up in time for the car boot sale!  Always next week 
Recovering after being sick 5x in a row yesterday.  http://tinyurl.com/olglxq
Recovering after dropping the shampoo bottle on my toe   OUCHIE!
Recovering from a fantastic weekend!!! NOT enjoying the current weather status in San Diego  
Recovering from a hangover  Went to a comedy club in San Diego last nite and had too much champagne..
recovering from a long night on set of CSI new york. It was their season finale 
Recovering from a nasty headache today. 
Recovering from a nasty sunburn 
Recovering from a really bad tummy! 
recovering from consuming copious amounts of beer yesterday 
recovering from food poisoning...gah, a fate i would not wish on my worst enemy 
recovering from having a wisdom tooth pulled 
Recovering from my bashing  I hate random bogans.
Recovering from my foot surgury 
recovering from one hell of a tonsilectomy 
Recovering from the dentist so sore. 
Recovering from what can only be described as a monstrous migraine 
Recovering from yesterday. Legs are dead 
Recovering my PC from an epic hard disk crash.  According to the program, estimated time remaining is 1012 hours, 7 minutes Wowza... 
Recruiter biases: studies show recruiters prefer to interview people with anglo-saxon names. Awful.  http://tinyurl.com/ncdlhg
recuperating from my 5th year Yale anniversary. it was over way too soon 
Red ant bites really smart 
Red areas :  Half my face,thighs (front), chest, arm frontiers and the inner arm which isn't supposed to tan..  I'll be your lobster!
Red Arrow buses have wireless... cool! It's like choir tour without the people, Steve the gay tiger, my foot rest... aww I miss it! 
red asphalt 
Red Bull Air Race was awesome!! But it's monday again, so back to work 
Red Bull is a trending topic? I used to love Red Bull and other energy drinks. But I usually gets irregular heartbeats of energy drinks. 
Red Bull lost the Toro Rosso's - shame 
Red Dead 
red eyes, but I get better. sun is not shining  making some investigation for school.
Red Lobster w/family, and then to Academy Sports for some new shoes. Still NO movies though  http://myloc.me/49A
Red Piss 
red red wine!   
Red Robin has turned me inside out 
Red Roof didn't pay commercial laons 361 Mils  http://tinyurl.com/noud75
Red Sea pics posted on Flickr. None underwater, however.   http://bit.ly/11u8Ie
Red sox are making a mess.... So what else is new?.... 
Red Sox lost last night 2-1  ... They can kick some ass at home tonight!
red sox win!!! in my excitement i took a spill at work... recovering 
red white and boom is currently a suck fest. hopefully things will get better!!!  rain go away!
redbuff &amp; bitsy:    about move in.    Saw Kitchen Witches at Boerne Theater--cute.  Meal at Cypress Grill quite good. First time there.
redbull, pls do your magic, seeing as im rapidly winding down. 
Reddit is a harsh mistress - someone posted my innocent, sloppy code snippet and it's been torn to shreds 
Reddit is down 
Reddit is down AGAIN  What's a girl to do? *cries*
RedDusk_Perth - not much   fingers crossed though
re-decorating my room then seventeen again school tomorrow 
Redeyes are useless if you can't sleep on them. And I can't sleep on them unless the person next to me wants to cuddle. 
re-doing 2hrs of work that I just lost due to a tools crash  #@@%(@##
Redoing journal CSS. Journal CSS and contents are outdated. 
Redoing my nails! Wheres my bestie at? 
Redone bedroom looks soooooo good. Now to clean the rest of the house and do some major homework 
redrock is always fun...in bed but can't sleep. wish my honey was here with me. 
Reds rain delay 
RedSox Flower (#15798) will be out of stock the rest of the year. Remaking to conform to new laws &amp; will not be in time for this season. 
re-dyed the hair, early start tomorrow heading down to londons clothes show, great place to be when i feel fat.   bright side = motivation
reeeaally DONT wanna git on dha train wif all em loud ass kids . . . @ dhis point ; i dnt wanna b hea rite now 
reeeallly cold  12 days till bmth according to arielle(:
reeeally not up for walking 15 miles tomorrow 
reeeeally wish I could find a job! 
Reeeeeeally doesn't wanna withdraw from donnies comp 
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeally wants to go to the show tonight.. But not alone. 
ree-heally hoping the rain stops by the time i get off the metro at courthouse. i didn't bring an umbrella today. 
reely dont feel like goin 2 skool 
Reese when separated just isn't the same 
reet im going  (N) (yn) please feel better
Ref amekataa bao yet. Shindwe! 
refer  london it is!
Reflecting...sigh, my son is starting high school-EEK, is it only downhill from here? Went to his school &amp; was mistaken for a student 
reflection, essay, read &amp; picasso..so much but so little time 
Reflux &amp; new security software keeping me up way too late tonight 
Reformats always take a lot longer than expected. 
Reformatting my PS3 because I somehow deleted my inFAMOUS game data. so many hours worth deleted! such a bad feeling 
Refrigerator died today.  yay for a home warranty though! http://myloc.me/4JPG
refrigerator is broke.    GE can't come out till Wednesday so I'll have to keep the Baby's milk in a cooler with ice.  So irritating!!!!
refuses to believe today is the 'happiest day of 2009' when he has a four-hour Sciences Po dissertation exam this evening in French 
reg-123.co.uk seems to be having problems 
regardless- im going to miss Morgantown  ... there is no place like here.
Regen am Southside. 
Regents 2day!!! im so nervous!!!  R.I.P. Christopher Ryan Kubiak 8/7/91-6/12/09
regents in a few minutes 
Regents test on Thursday  BUT WE DONT HAVE TO COME TO SCHOOL TILL 12:30!!!!!! AMEN!!!!!!!!!!!! lolz
regents tomorrow, well today 
Regina Spektor's new album is streaming on The Times website today and I don't have speakers on this computer. 
Registered for #JavaOne and got the kit. Unfortunately, only paying alumni get the jacket. Since I have a speaker pass, I don't get one! 
Registered on SMSGYAN. Now I can tweet via sms for free.. Thanks to @shemeel But unfortunately its not working 
registering for class just makes me depressed  but @kaityb i am soo excited for tomorrow!!
regrets not seeing him today 
REGRETS: not believing in myself more (I think I could've been something) but (no excuses) am a product of my upbringing..ok nuff of that 
regretted telling you what was all those words in Japanese. Argh! 
regretting about ordering caesar salad at wendy's instead of the quater pound yesterday 
Regretting last nights pizza. Serious threat of it repeating on me 
Regretting my stance of refusing to see Lady Gaga as a support act. Come back soon Gag's 
Regretting saying yes to a house guest... 
regretting the extra minutes in bed that prevented me from going running 
Regulations kill growth 
regurgitation is disgusting.  p.s i love you &amp; nap.
rehearsal cancelled 
Rehearsal then hanging with Zach again before he leaves tomorrow 
Reila woke me up around 3:30AM and I STILL haven't gone back to bed because she's asleep on me 
Re-importing Hibernate from pom.xml into IntelliJ IDEA 
REINICIOOO SORRY CHICAS MY PC IS SICK AGAIN 
Reinstalling his desktop machine with the window open and is hearing birds making loud noises and fighting... closes window again 
Reinstalling MS testing software on 6 USB HDDs... Painful 
Re-installing Sims 3 cause my brother killed my laptop 
Reinstalling windows on 2 laptops .. This will keep me busy for a few minutes  on a rainy sunday afternoon 
Reinstalling Windows on the music PC, which decided that it wanted to delete some critical files last time it updated 
Reinstalling windows XP on a computer with just a sata hdd what a pain 
REISHA NEEDS TO ANSWER HER MESSAGE. also, I need a job 
Rejected from another part-time employment opportunity. 
Rejecting all food substances. 
Rejoining the zombie mob of the working masses after a long weekend. 
Relapsinggg fuckkk.   I wannalive somwhere far away from him.
Relationship break ups are hard. Nothing gets the stress levels going like a break up. 
Relationships r over rated she cheated on me n got pregnant LOL I can't have kids  WTF how do I tell her?
relatively quiet week ahead, then i'll be in NYC from 6/6-10 for two gigs but will miss my friends the DTB here in Toronto on the 7th! 
Relatives cancelled on us, so now we have a feast and no one to eat it with 
Relax day in Shanghai, Tians studying for TOFEL. Need to exchange more money  Mom says she misses me!
relaxin! wantin to swim, but its windy n looks like a storm is coming 
relaxin'....dreary sunday here in ri 
relaxin...wanna gO out 2nite but nO one's dOwn  gOnna be bOred..hOpefully he'll cOme rescue me...
relaxing  tireeeeed  and sunburned 
Relaxing after a LONG week of work. 
relaxing after a long, busy weekend and already missing my princess 
relaxing after taking care of my sick little one today 
relaxing after tooth extraction - ouch! back to work tomorrow 
relaxing at grandmas with my cousins, long night. I walked10 miles for cancer. camera broke  but not the end of the world
relaxing at home after working all day 
Relaxing at home, I want to read eclipse but I have a head ache 
Relaxing before its time to go to work 
Relaxing day today. No homework or studying at all! Just relaxing outside in the sunset. But I need to study for 2 tests tmr. 
Relaxing for a change but missing most of the updates 
relaxing for my Friday night at the moment...hungry though 
relaxing in bed...up early tomorro, miss my boyfriend 
Relaxing in my hotel room not wanting to go home tomorrow  http://myloc.me/4JKB
relaxing in my room while my pics from today download off my camera. amazed that my body is still on ET only 2a here and ready for sleep 
Relaxing listening to Radio one. Forgot eurovision was on last night  Had a good night though.
Relaxing Sunday .....all but over now ! Dinner party last night at a friends place. Start of another week tomorrow 
relaxing watching the game, Sorry Denver it's over! 
relaxing while watching F/X 2 on MGM HD...unfortunately, forecast of rain likely means no trip to the NC Zoo tomorrow 
relaxing with eric, the pup and the parentals. back to work tomorrow 
relaxing with my little demon on my day off. Back to the work world tomorrow. 
relaxing, don't want to start class tomorrow 
relaxing, for tomorrow I work for another month then vacay!!! waitin for an NBA game 
relaxing....waiting for my sweetie robert to get off work!!!! I miss him.... 
relaxing...can't believe the weekend is already over 
relaxing...damn got work tonight 
Relaxing...lifting all day after five days of nothing really doesn't make your muscles happy. 
relaxing..had to go to driving school today  YUCK...just logged on for the first time today,gonna start a post in a few..
@rbsadie It's still Pleasure Island... it's just the CLUBS at PI that have closed.  
@rbuerckner That sucks 
@rburdick r u able to scroll thru tweets? I can only see the most recent four. 
@RC__ I Know You'll Miss Me  Uhh Idkk. Hit Up Mauricio Or Something. I Dont Caree.!(:
@rcanine Sadface for Sylvo 
@RCantiques hey there no i meant the striped shoes - i thought i linked them thru your site 
@rcaplice @mousewords I tried to make my pic green but I got a 403 Forbidden error every time I tried.  I am plant-like -close enough!
@RCarr88 It's a drag  Makes me wanna go night nights. What time are you out?
@rcatz haha maybe i will steal that technique for my graduation. congrats on surviving high school, i still have another week. 
@Rchards Free for you iPhone owners, Â£5.99 for us iPod Touch 2nd rate citizens 
@rcheller261. bitch, i need you. sooooon. 
@rcheller261. i feel likee listening as well. 
@RCISHEREOMG      Is it your throwing hand?
@RCKSN Watching Simpsons and missing the loml 
@RClapham I know, bad times 
@rclove4u i havent smoked at all today...  kinda sad
@rcn723 Link isn't working...  
@rcompo RACHEL! hang outage is neccessary - i was gonna be home this wekend but dumb folk make me work   so im free F and Sat until 4...
@rcpmelissa I have kids and I love to talk about weather!  I was trying to subscribe to your blog and can't figure out how.  
@rcs2282 please don't let your eyes fall out. You will be ugly if you do 
@rcsantosbia  what?? I haven't seen transformers yet... lol... where u at? I'm @groovecandy
@rcwalsh hrrm might be too far to walk for me! Especially in my current state of hunger. 
@RD_Shane I can't get into chat 
@RDavid_Myers yeah, I was there earlier but not much to my liking at the mo. 
@rdeal1 Awesome video. I'm so mad I didn't watch SNL 
@rdelizo35 i can but the handset i want is expensive  so i need a contract phone .... but alas i tried and i cant....
@rdelizo35 sometimes I think I'd love insomnia if it didn't come with fatigue 
@rdereus3 nope, can't have outside catering 
@RdGood i miss you too booboocakes 
@rdpixie 3 whole days, poor you, i think im approaching the year mark now (maybe more!) 
@rduplain It was your warpath stint that cost me the game ultimately.    At least there is that success for you.
@rdy2freefall i feel bad too. 
@reaching4amomnt Yeah for sure, that happened to me with my awesome low-waisted bamboo yoga pants 
@Reaching4stars  *hug*
@reachpetes Any other plans?... hey man only lucky people get offs on weekdays! not us 
@read2akid NHL awards ceremony is on. Sorry. 
@readingdancer thats sweet! i would of posted a comment but i need a profile  i'll be trying this later! x
@readingtheair D-dog brain soup? I... I think I just totally lost my appetite and hunger 
@READY4TEDDY death of auto-tune?! NOOOOO... poor T-Pain 
@readybreak I love cell phone, at full speed, doris day and hey hey hey.  They're my favorites out of all of the new stuff!
@ReaFaceToFace - Unfortunately not  I was babysitting my pseudo-nephew all night.
@ReaganGomez  Ha ha ha YES! when I finally relax w/ a glass of wine I realize that I'm am lucky to have a strong husband b/c I'm a bitch 
@reagent I wanted to go to that, but Viget isn't Metro-accessible. And 9am on a Saturday is pain.  Props to them for hosting, nonetheless.
@REAL_Ali_G been in the Ghurka Oven, The North Star, KFC...all the Westside joints, looking to bump into you...but in vain 
@Real_DavidCook I loveeeeeeee youuuuuu xD Will u ever read this and write me back?  jejeje (I'm not crazy by the way...just in case!!! )
@Real_DavidCook unfortunetly, it us always the chikdren who have to suffer.  Pretty sad. 
@Real_DavidCook Yes I was surprised. I was expecting Adam Lambert to win  Also I liked the song you performed in American Idol :3
@real_rodsizzler nope, odds were shitty  oh well what u doing badoy
@RealAdamLambert heyy heyyy adam. im glad that you're on the finals. so sad that danny left though 
@realadulttalk So sorry to hear that  lol
@RealAudreyKitch  drink as many fluids as you possibly can and keep your whole body covered with blankets.
@RealAudreyKitch aww that's too bad  but white nail polish pwns !
@RealAudreyKitch i feel so sorry for you.... 
@RealAudreyKitch I had my 2nd Gardasil shot. 
@realaudreykitch im sorry..want a hug? 
@RealAudreyKitch oh  i know that every thursday bad people singing outside my window  good luck Audrey 
@RealAudreyKitch oh haha I was like awe  ..gut good lol cause I thought you seen my pics on myspace.nvm I'm dumb,lots of love 4 u xoxo
@RealAudreyKitch Poor Audrey  I hope you get better soon!
@realbagreen  thats a pity...was lookin forward ta seein that 
@realbailing No thanks,I prefer starbuck green tea latte! you never talk to me 
@RealBatista awwww i missed you on here 
@RealBillBailey He's great in it but not it it half as much as he should be 
@RealBillBailey Just watched Tinselworm on 4 Shame that they cut bits out 
@RealBillBailey Of all the days you could be in Glasgow on your summer tour, you're there when I'm dancing at the military tattoo 
@realbillcosby baby went home today  the house is so lonely without baby giggles! Guess i'll have to pop one out to make up for it
@realbrookewhite mine too 
@realbrookewhite Random question:  Do you like In 'N Out burgers?  I'm totally craving one, LOL.  If only we had them here in Seattle! 
@RealChazJastes im fucking bored out of my mind thats why. entertain me! pleaseeee 
@realchrissystar LOL. You would. I got REALLY sunburnt today.  How are you
@RealCliveBarker what have u lost 
@RealDMitchell  Thought it was airing this summer?
@RealDMitchell its great so far! sorry this yank has to download it 
@RealDrakeBell  Hi Drake, sorry about you and Melissa... 
@realestatevixen sorry that's what I meant...  and you're getting error msg when trying to upload pics?
@realface ROFL, that's like when I was the tallest in my class, and then everyone grew taller than me and I was one of the shortest 
@ReaLgoesWronG  thanks for the heads up!
@RealGrace e/one is entitled to one Roo regret. at some point exhaustion wins. my regret = Al Green 
@RealHatter it doesn't.  Thanks so much for thinking of me!
@RealHatter no i didn't, it was raining.  we just went to dinner with about 10 other people and our friends had a party at their house
@RealHelpdesk Firefox and Chrome keep crashing. Overall general slowness. Someone needs to design a Lacyproof laptop. 
@realhorrorshow I hate when that happeneds  lol
@RealHughJackman CCF - save a child's life who needs a heart transplant - we need research $$$ - HELP - dont forget the kids.  
@RealHughJackman hope that u enjoyed my city (Rio de Janeiro)... i miss every sec...  Im on UK now... 
@RealHughJackman I found the ending a little sad, because your character forgot about his love interest. 
@RealHughJackman It's more likely winter plans here in Brazil  
@RealHughJackman just one thing bothering me about the movie.the claws were inconsistent  and yes i was staring at them hard during it
@REALiiiTY get home safe! Good times in the pod wit all the ghost stories now I can't sleep  lol
@realin  c2w mailed me saying ticks only for ppl in mumbai and I live in hyderabad 
@realin I am jealous!! 
@realin no plan yaar  i'm working tomo also!! @Harishk
@RealistOne09 Nope!! Jay didn't even tell me 
@realistwuzhere Just checked out the chatroom. I like it .... Too bad I can't access the other one... 
@realitylol i came up with an ez mode pull for her. We would have been deeper in last night but we had some healer tech issues 
@Realitythedon shit! already called that shit a night aint shit poppin! so im chillin watchin the titanic all alone 
@Realiztik1  hubby took the PS3 with him to NY!!!!
@RealJenniJones that was the saddest thing  i was devastated.
@RealJessicaAlba  would you follow meee? would be a nice bday present 
@RealJessicaAlba jessica your so beautiful! do you know if there will be a dark angel movie any time soon? miss it!  x
@realjohngreen  i wish i lived in sydney or melbourne
@realjohngreen Curse you! I don't even have/like the iPhone and yet I clicked because it was you. I feel my faith was misguided this time 
@RealKeanuReeves : NOT FAIR to all your FANS from the other half of the world who happened to be asleep 
@realkidpoker damnit negreneau you werent supposed to bust my friend! 
@RealKidPoker that sucks  what is your next event ?
@Really_Brit  Miley put her Dad on blast and told him to chill on his tweetin. I felt bad for him!! Why would she do that. 
@Really_Brit where is Mario? Awww mr. BRC hasn't been on, he's on lock downn. Lol. 
@ReallyCookin your so lucky you get to see DC! I envy you.. I wish i leave in the US! i miss him!  tell him i said HI! haha!
@realm510 hey i recently had a female roommate for the first time in 10 years and i gotta say it wasn't the Real Deal.  
@realmadrid_rock It's quite a bit with all the sun 
@realmadrid_rock Yeah, definitely. The only one playing is Higuain. 
@realmary I used to give him rides a lot... he was always a little trashed when I saw him 
@realmarycarey m right there with you x I hate when u find out someone u truly trusted is not what they seemed m a lil disappointed today 
@RealMattLucas I hate you! you nearly gave me a heart attack. 
@RealMattLucas LINK WONT WORK FOR ME 
@Realmcovet I'm glad things mellowed out for you!! I was worried   I.LOVE.YOU.RACHEL.
@realmfox common let us see your toe thumbs oh and also http://bit.ly/hV1T1  how could you? 
@realmfox Y do u always have to looks so perfect???  UR GORGEOUS!
@RealMrCummings I wish I could go to your bday party 
@RealOneTreeHill http://twitpic.com/7mtju - yayyyy! but i miss chad&amp;hilarie 
@realpattinson @realpattinson I think I need a hug I'm in the hospital  come make my night better
@realprincessEli  I blinked and missed you sorry 
@realprincessEli  When are you planning on doing a runner then?
@RealRobBrydon How can anyone be as chipper as you this early in the morning?  You can tell you're not in Scotland, grey sky AGAIN 
@RealRobBrydon pls send me a funny tweet to cheer me up rob im having a ryt morning from hell 
@RealRobBrydon sad, you have no late october dates and thats when i'll next been in the UK  boohoo
@realrustynails are people protesting and getting shot at?  How's that back feeling Rusty? x
@realslimslady I don't see anything yet...  Maybe it needs time to load...
@RealSmoothieLuv whenever u need content for your blog, hit me up - i'm not natural tho  hope you don't mind =D xoxo
@RealSnowWhite too late to give u a reply.  what did u do finally?
@RealTalibKweli i cant answer if you dont follow... 
@RealTalibKweli I submitted 2 open 4 u there...didnt make it in tho  and I still say google &quot;Mz Jonz&quot;
@RealTalibKweli Lil Jon east side Boys &quot;Weed Man&quot; was my fav, dont do it anymore, LOL 
@realtalk5 very wack! makes me ashamed to be from FL 
@REALTOR_VICKIE @acummings Hi you two!  Just got into fight with my water sprinkler.  Sprinkler 1 Linda 0  
@RealTrophyWife He was modeling  I think I threw up a little
@RealTrophyWife story of my life 
@RealWorldCara UberTwitter is killing your battery again?   Boo!!!
@RealWorldMom  - sorry you're in pain.   
@RealWorldMom blah, having a very long week 
@RealZachG Word...only on computer here...btw...that smoked porter is only in NYC-area.  May need a care package sent...
@RealZoltan @700doo guys i feel like an idiot, u see how selena came to toronto.. i live in toronto  i missed her! dam man!
@RealZoltan awww that's so sad 
@reankell DAMN!!!  got me all excited for a min there 
@reankell sigh this is when I wish YOU lived closer 
@ReAnNaHeRe dang  I invited Andrew too. I hope he can come.
@Reannawilson It rained and was cold so we didn't go.  I'm so bummed!!! FREE show!! 
@reansahilly i would have if it wasnt for work 
@Reaprar I know exactly how you feel... Ubisofts conference was the worst ever 
@reason70630 Hater. My baby is going home early  But no worries, by other Baby is going ALL the way! Kobe in '09
@Reattached you left me 
@reba Can't believe you are coming to PEI Canada in July and I'm not going   I know your show will be fab. Sing a song for me. A big fan.
relaxinggggg -- exhausted 
relaxxxxxing until i have to work 3-close  but tomorrow is my day off! hooray
relay 4 life was soooooo fun, i am so sunburnt 
Rele doesnt want to leave lfpa. 
rele wnts 2 speak 2 her but she dnt know me so dnt think she will follow me or speak 2 me 
releived that my stomach ache didn't turn to..... uh.... throw up..... 
Relentless Garage. 
RELI cant be arsed to do this media studies exam this afternoon i dont even no y i took the subject im absolutly crap at it soo gona fail 
reli wanted to go to leeds! 
reli wnt my tongue dun aswell...bt every1 keeps sayin its gna b 2 much!!!   LOL
relieved to no longer be stuck in the tiny tiny elevator at 1am!!! Oh my claustrophobia 
relieved, but mostly sad that Japanese class is over. I'm gonna miss EVERYTHING about it. even sensei. maybe J2 next YEAR, but not sem 
Religious faith and fairmindedness are not incompatible! Wish other Christians didn't make me look bad.   #rejectprop8
Reloading macros to my Word on my new work computer. Looks like I have to rewrite one of them. Oh, well. 
reluctantly turning attention to Turnitin 
remaking jailbreak video cuz it didnt work last time im prolly the last video 
@reBANGA I wish I could go 
@rebecca_clark  i have been good! super busy. i won't be able to post any pictures on my website as per my agreement with work 
@rebecca_glass  I lost 11 lb in a month on it. It made me borderline anorectic. I was scared to eat because I liked the weight losssomuch
@Rebecca_M morning, Rebecca ... yes, just happened to me; update failed ... 
@rebecca8888 im leavin nw lol cn u plzzz bring hayfevr tablets!! I 4gt agen! &amp;no cred 2txt u!  x
@RebeccaBacon after taking 2hrs to upgrade still won't send picture messages  just a bit buggy at the mo. Sure I'll love it again soon.
@RebeccaBlack_ I'M SORRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahahah you and rachel look so much a like. 
@RebeccaBlack_ oh sweets... 
remember florin mall ? when all the stores were open? 
Remember I zapped my devlist? Now, suddenly 1000 or more have come back out of nowhere.  :confused:
remember me and new moon is gonna break my little heart. seriously 
Remember my hipster stalker who wrote in his journal about me? PEE WEE KNOWS HIM AND HE'S BEEN IN OUR HOUSE TWICE 
remember OUR song?  Its playing constantly on repeat. Do you relize it? Kenzie we cant take being away &amp; apart this long no more.. 
Remember seeing Chris Fairbanks http://snipr.com/jlekm open in Houston ~4 years ago. Wish I could go again, but I'll be out of town 
remember that crappy project I was complaining about in the last tweet? Turns out we didn't even need to hand it in. Crap. 
Remember that time about 8 hours ago when I said I hadn't felt good in a long time........forget that! 
Remember that yummmmmy sausage mom used to make? Somehow, turkey sausage just doesn't taste the same... 
Remember the accident where a truck ploughed into me, when they tripled my insurance until it was settled? Now it is and its still double 
Remember the good ole days when 5:00 meant quitting time. Ahhhh they will be severely missed.  this past week and a half has sucked.
Remember the upstairs neighbor? He ran bathwater and fell asleep. My bathroom is covered in water and plaster. Still dripping 
Remember to enjoy the simple things like a sunny day. http://ping.fm/m6EnQ Putting my Shakespeare hat on for our last weekend. 
Remember to use correct handler when registering callbacks 
Remember to vote tomorrow everyone - don't let the BNP get anything. Your vote counts. I can't vote with me being too young 
remember to wash your hands thoroughly after chopping hot peppers...i forgot the thoroughly part apparently 
Remember way back in the day when AOL was so sloooow because everyone was using it at once? RCN cable broadband is like that now. Boo! 
Remember when all I wrote blogs about were Remy Ma and Suri Cruise? I do 
Remember: negative emotions are highly contagious. 
remembered my login details lol!! not been up to much,been told got type 2 diabetes  currently awaiting arrival of nu bicycle!
remembereds this morning I have to go to a 6.30 meeting at school, re youngest starting reception...oh bugger! 
Remembering an ol friend who passed away last night, 
Remembering happier times... I miss being a kid 
remembering how hard it is to find a drummer. we had two drummers going for us but they wouldn't make time for us  we wanted a drummer.
remembering now why I don't drink white wine - ouwie.... 
Remembering that people will never change No matter how dumb it is and how stupid they are for being that way 
remembers *with a heavy sigh* Shanbhag Uncle and his Premier book store.  . India Coffee House is gone too. Missing Bangalore already.
Remembers when L&amp;O (incl. SVU &amp; CI) was my fav!... Now, its not. I miss my old cast!  NCIS rules, all the way! CSI: NY &amp; Miami are next.
Remind me never to eat seafood again... Im for sure allergic to it.  lame!
Remind me not to use myspace messenger anymore my compy has an overload and dies when i do 
Remind me to never dream about moving to America... It isn't good 
Remind me to NEVER go to Runyon Canyon at noon...it was sooooo hot! I got about 4 shades darker....with the worst sports bra tan 
remind me to update my mac os this weekend! smalem gr2 ngantuk, akhirnya ga jd deh 
reminicing on a lot if shit  if only we could hold each other a few more nights  i h8 u bc ur w/ him instead of me
Reminiscing about Classic Nickelodeon shows.... 
reminiscing about the old days.. awww  tear!
reminiscing by looking at photos from the cruise! awww 
Reminiscing memories which I know I can't bring back 
reminiscing on the night i broke my mama's car side mirror, went to Bourbon strip club w/the GoGos. i used to have fun! now just work 
reminsing over Las Vegas  wish i was there now...
Remote desktop has decided to work, so did not have to go into ofc. But still at home, working, instead of en route to Philly as planned. 
Removal van just pranged my car 
removed city of heroes from my hd. 
Removed my PC from my room. And plugged my speakers etc into my laptop.  *sniffles*
removin chrome as my default  as many sites support firefox/IE 3 only --&gt;Y cant we have all vendors follow a common  spec  
Renata flew home last night...so now I am alone in Florida.  Its just not the same.  
Rendering 1080p particle animations to put up on istock for sale... render farm maxed out need more servers...  
renee is sick!!! arghh have a cold   strepsils are goood haha
Renovating my room is hardâ€¦ I DONâ€™T WANT TO THROW ANYTHING OUT! Everyone is free to shop around in my wardrobe 
Rent is coming to Boston July 14-17 and i don't have money 
Rent tomorrow can't wait. Taking 10 lempsips before i go though. I is sickly 
Rental car pick up service is late 
rented 3 movies today. Hoping that best friend would sleepover but I don't think she will.  http://plurk.com/p/11bypw
rented a scooter, headed to Positano for shopping today.recovering from some bad prawns but powering thru it. looks like rain tomorrow 
Rented killzone 2. This game blows a** 
rented nick and norahs infinite playlist, but too sleepy so maaay not watch it 
'Rents are bickering again, asdfghjkl 
Renumbered 171 refs in an article, now I have to input them all on the computer  Listening to Girls Aloud tho so dancing in my chair
repairing my optical drive on white macbook and i snap my blue tooth cable 
Repeated wakings from dreams of bugs crawling on my face and arms and not being able to yoga properly may make for a long tiring day 
Re-pinging @ghostridah14: why didn't you go to prom? BC my bf didn't like my friends 
Re-pinging @neoncat: @kay_rose I didn't eat at all 2 day &gt;.&lt; and I didn't eat diner yesterday I'm not hungry D: and idk why  &lt;&gt; me too man
Re-pinging @NUNU_B: Is it pathetic that I .... Or am I just pathetic ?   naw you a cutie
Re-pinging @shoechicky: No sunset tonight  ur dog is awesome !!!!
Replacement handset for my Blackberry comes tomorrow. They are sending me exactly the same one. Curve 8320 how is this even possible? 
Replacing an IBM AIX server, making an INFORMIX BACKUP in the old one, then upload the backup to the new one...Yeah I know its SUNDAY  
Replacing PCM and cpu/memory board in old Sun E4500. 
Replay has the fourth season of Grey's Anatomy for only 25 bucks!!! 
replay Vidi &amp; Stradi's video for like....zillion times?Uh I really want a brand new phone  Ooooo G700!!!!
reply 27ms. reply 330ms. timed out. timed out. timed out. reply 41ms. timed out. timed. out. 
reply me pleaseeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!! 
Replying to our LH grp mail ... missing th hostel 
report card day + ishaq leaving to pakistan = sadness 
Report deadline preponed to 12th of June 
Report me to the SPCA, just socked my cat in the head with my laptop. Didn't realise she'd curled up on the footstool in front of me 
Reports from Italy: 179 death, 34 missing, 1500 injured  #Italy #Earthquake (via RAI http://tinyurl.com/c5mja5 )
Repos update always takes time when you are in hurry.. 
Reprimanded one of the office staffers for making personal calls by the tons 
Reprise du boulot 
Repulled something involved in basic rib function. Back to square one. Can hardly move 
Requested a book on PaperbackSwap. Too bad most of the books I have listed there are still there after umpteen months. 
Requesting silience, getting more noise than ever. 
Requesting Solaris by Elliot minor on Radio one! xDD I wanna hear it so bad and it's not online anywhere 
Requiem for a Dream.... Hadn't seen it in awhile but what a trip!! Now stats homework booooo 
Requiem for the weekend 
requires nice coffee and crumpets. I have none. 
Re-reading dissertation - Bad Times 
Re-reading some old stuff :-/ I think I just made myself sad 
Rereading the first chapters of my favourite (WIP) fic. Waiting for updates is such a drag and I'm running out of chs to reread 
Rereading The Notebook. Depressing me. Makes me miss not only you, but also California. Sad 
research paper of doom! 
researching ecologically friendly carrier bags... its not cheap to be eco friendly 
researching for this fantastic assignment 
researching gps-locator equipped cell phones and worried our son going to school next year  he's growing up so quick!
researching HL7 engine, http://is.gd/oVXX  troubleshooting VS vendors &amp; data, MSFT did not make SQLEx2005 SP3 CU3 available  - no surprise
Researching lots of b&amp;b's for an upcoming trip.  It seems like every single one of them has cats  I'm allergic to most cats.  Sigh.
researching ways to help my sick puppies... 
Resenting whoever finished the milk. I poured Golden Nuggets in my bowl only to find there was only soya milk in the fridge. No breakfast 
Resetted Wordpress password via MySQL command prompt as described here: http://bit.ly/F1rTh  
resetting my iphone in order to make my new jawbone bluetooth device work. 
Resetting my laptop and crossing everything. 
Resetting my Sony Vaio to factory setting. Sony told me to try that and if still having a problem, have to send back for service. 
Resident Evil 5 is very hard 
Resigned my o-line. Time to move on I think 
resigned to the fact that my room will not be cleaned today 
Resistance. Plus got dust on the sticky side even though I was careful and couldn't get it off  rear cover helps make the iPhone not so
Resisting the urge to play Resident Evil 4 at midnight because I know I need to catch up on sleep... but.... Leon! 
Resisting the urge to read the tweets I missed from the last 11 hours.   I think I'll upload some photos instead and call it a night.
resisting the urge to say things I'm going to regret later on 
Resolving to rid myself of my fanny bands. I have a new rear tyre fitted and am treating it as a new start. I have to get some cred back 
resorting to limewire for some music... it takes so long to get ready 
Resorting to SMS on my iPhone since I lost the top inch. 
Rest in Peace Brother Ceci!  we'll miss you 
Rest in peace David Carradine  imma watch kill bill tonight
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett and the little baby girl who was found dead in a car today in DK. So awful when people die 
Rest In Peace Farrah Fawcett- You will truly be missed. 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett.  
rest in peace farrah fawcett. how sad. 
Rest in peace farrah fawcett. Sad day 
Rest In Peace Farrah! 
Rest in peace farrah. You will be missed more than you know. 
Rest in Peace Gramma. We'll all miss youu! I love you very very muchh!   
Rest in peace Miss Boberg . .  . . .  . 
Rest in peace Mr. Scaer. You will be missed. 
Rest in peace my Reno cat=my bestfriend...i will never be able to replace you...you were awesome and i will forever miss you 
Rest in peace Neda! 
rest in peace, bro ceci. 
Rest in Peace, Mark. 
Rest in Peace, Neda  #iranelection
Rest Peacefully Farrah Fawcett!!!! 
rest until the morning I love to sleep sleep now sleep and dream dreams dream with him 
rest...then materials 
restaraunt was shut :| ahahha unlucky, fast food it is then 
Restarted my computer and logged out of YM for a while because my PC is so slooooow!! 
Restaurant City again! Gosh... I bought an arcade that cost $8ooo  Soo broke now (In the game of course)
restaurant city made me browser crash! 
Resting after tiring sose exursion! not looking forward to dancing 
Resting all day. Don't want to go back to work tomorrow. 
Resting at home after taking miraculous painkillers. Missing the cake and the outing. 
resting between packing and wishing I were at the Hollywood Bowl instead..... 
Resting up. Busy day tomorrow 
Resting, trying to find some relief from the heat 
resting, work later 
Resting...I think I got something...Not feeling well.. 
Restless nights sleep.  was it the cheesecake?
Restless on a Sunday night again... 
restless without you 
resto city isnt workin 
restore appears to have installed 3.0 - still syncing all my stuff back to phone. Tethering gives the &quot;ask OPTUS&quot; message for virgin 
Restored, lost ALL of my data. Just perfect. I don't know if I'll be able to recover my contacts so please send me info peeps! 
restoring my blackberry 
Restoring my iPhone 3G for the 4th time today thanks to cydia updates 
Restoring my iPhone because my applications keep crashing... 
RESTUARANT CITY IS NOT WORKING FOR MEEEEE  WHYYYYYYYY
Resubmitted AirCoaster 2.5 (with the audio fix) to Apple with an email to the reviewer to beg them to not send me to the back of queue. 
result is...not much difference at all from my normal colour,... it hink i was hoping for something a little more of a change... 
Results back from Drs owen fine..my tests show no ovulation need to be tested again 
results from the doc: &quot;torn ligament&quot; (used google for the translation ) 6 weeks no sport 
Results tomorrow. If I fail I will be so gutted... That goddamn glucose metabolism question is going to let me down 
resume firetruck mode!!! weeeoooeeeoooeeeoooeeeooo... im lonely 
Resumed a languishing summer tank project and recalled why I keep putting it down. Non- springy cotton knit too tightly. Hurts my fingers 
Resumed clearing my room in order to complete painting it. Very dusty - making my nose itch 
Resuming the gym after a gap with squats on the first day was a bad idea... my legs would be sore throughout the weekend... 
Retail therapy is over *sigh*. Now time for the housework. 
Retaking permit test 
Retox has changed - Not for the better  
retrorewind is awesome! im mad that i missed justin timberlake on snl tonight 
Retrying the Win 7 burn, because the computer failed to boot to the DVD 
Return Demonstration tomorrow.. Practicing hand scrubbing and gloving..Hand Scrubbing hurts I tell you  Damn!
return of the 24hr toothache!   time for mimis, tomorrow is our big adventure day in LaLaLandia.  
Return of the monster that is the blister on my foot. It hurts awfully bad  cheer me up?
return of the spider that escaped the other day, woke up to it on my arm.. fml, im sleeping upstairs tonight 
return of Top Gear tonight to the TV, shame it conflicts with pub quiz night.  #topgear #bbc #stig
Returned from Center Parcs last night. I now have my cold back - I blame the cold pool. 
Returned from short break to Portugal need to get back into work. 
Returned from volleyball about an hour ago,watching videos..At 5 I'm going shopping with Helen! And then I'll read again  I hate my exams!
Returned my red &amp; white spotty dress today - Alfie said I looked like Minnie mouse - tried lots more on but nothing seems quite right 
returning home after a sunny holiday is definately rather depressing 
Returning Paul Blart Mall Cop.  My DVD player is misbehavin' and I didn't get to see it 
Returning to wolvo. The heat is spectacular. Think I left my headphones at king Eds though 
ReTwitter: @ jaddes_green: my laptop is getting really hot lately.  i might have to buy a new one .. http://tinyurl.com/owjbjv
Reubens retires  #f1 First time a Brawn's had to quit mid-race.
Revenge of the McDonald's. I kind of feel like I'm dying right now. 
reverted back to  1.7.1 .. now working fine.. wonder whts the issue with 1.8.1  #twitterfox
review classessss till 11:45 or something 
Review one down. 3 to go. 
Reviewing in history. I don't want to leave the house.  *advil*
Reviewing lease 4 my apt &amp; shamefully having trouble remembering a few legalities  amazing how quick the mind is 2 eject boring content!
reviewing Sarah's 1st grade dvd 
revised schedule for #PRONES #NMT project 
Revisin 
revisin for science 
revising  ...................exam tomorrow
Revising  At least it's raining
revising  i hat tests
revising . com! 
revising 4 science exam!!  no fun.
Revising 4theory test,,, its not far away now =O hope i pass  xo
Revising chemistry. 
revising for bio test tomo   sheesh last week of school n we get a flipin test.
revising for exams  x
Revising for History. 
Revising for math. I'm killing it but I'll probably choke when I'm at the SAC haha :/ It always happens gah! 
revising for maths exam on monday 
revising for maths exam on tuesday which im gonna fail badly 
Revising for maths that starts in about 3 hours  Cadburys Hazelnut Brunch Bar 
Revising for my chemistry exam on Friday 
revising for my gcses 
revising for my GCSE's 
Revising for my last exam on Tuesday!!! Not going to well though 
revising for my physics exam tomorro 
Revising for my Reflexology exam that im doing on Tuesday  x x
revising for my science exam tomorrow 
revising for science exam 
revising for science exams on monday 
revising for upcoming exams. boohoo 
Revising for Veterinary A + P exam friday  I hate exams, I love animals 
revising french again . have to set the test again 
Revising geography  Exams suck
Revising german oral questions 
Revising in parents garden. Wish I could b at the beach instead  http://yfrog.com/17pjxj
revising latin litriture, not goooood. 
revising maths sucks ecpecially when i could be enjoying the sun 
revising public law 
revising revising revising 
Revising science  So boring
Revising science for exam on monday 
revising so hard that i've forgotten to eat 
revising some more 
Revising spanish for oral tomorrow 
revising today- death of a salesman  oh well- BBQ later (y)
revising waste management strategies throughout history. Want to be outside with all the bikini clad others 
Revising, wish I was filming somewhere 
revisinggg,, i am soo boredd 
Revisinggggggg 
Revision  borin! good day yesterday tho  haha over took mr wiliams on red light on my bike 
revision  i'm actually going to fail these exams!
revision 4 maths exam on tuesday 
Revision day  last 4 exams this week kidddds. (Y) x
Revision day today!!! Supposedly the sun goes away tomorrow 
revision did happen, mildly, and now I am SINCERELY regretting saying no to going out tonight.  Maybe will do more work to occupy self 
Revision done for tonight!  Got a weekend of the bloody stuff ahead of me yet though   Hows y'all?!
revision i have a maths exam on monday 
Revision is BOOOORING! Would much rather be sitting out in the sun 
revision its such a chore 
Revision not going well today  it's one of those unmotivated days. Might go and watch some more Lost instead haha!
revision revision revision 
revision revision revision. . . .  
Revision starts tommorrow.... 
Revision sucks ass! Cbaaaaaaaaaaa! Not enough sleep last night, need to catch up AND have work tomorrow 
Revision sucks. 
Revision this weekend. Wish me luck. 
Revision time. I want to go out 
revision..  dam the mtv awards...twilight awards ! woop
Revision... Revision... Revision. hmpffff 
Revisited Aliens, still love it! But seeing Nute again always makes me sad now.. 
revisiting  Savage Garden..... A great loss the D &amp; D broke d band 
revolutionary road...depressssing..summer classes start tomorrow 
revsion revision  not looking forward to these exams
Re-watched Skins season 2. I cried at the ending... again. 
Rewatching my favorite performers from last night on YouTube while I wait to go for Sunday Lunch. I loved Germany so much 
Rewriting one of my legacy sites... don't tell anyone but it's in tables   In my defence it was 2003, I was naive...
rewriting stuff allready written... 
Rex is gone  I found the bit under the fence where it must have gotten in and out. Too small for Skiffy thankfully.
Rey and Julian left me at home to die!! 
Reya is showing me her hotel in San Fran...so fancy. I wish i was there 
Rhema Austria Grad went well. Great people. Finally home. 2morrow early morning to MUC w/ Ms. Karen. Time 2 say goodbye 
rhubarb muffins with walnuts?! oma what were you thinking. 
Rhymefest-bullet. Oh yess 
Rice is ready to eat.Off now to watch Comet 2009!The most important music price in germany.Wow n Lisa arrives around 12p.m.  Still 2 hours
Rich countries will only cut CO2 emissions 10-14 percent by 2020- far from the cuts dictated by science    http://bit.ly/4g677m
Richard just smacked my butt 
Richard killed a bird today.  that can't be a good sign. He sat on it. Lol
Richard's nail on his finger randomly broke... no more guitar... bleh 
Rickroll'd at work again. And i lost the game! 
Rickroll'd by iTunes on shuffle 
ricky is so gay he is gonna move!! fuck you asshole!! 
Riddle: What's the funniest ailment you can have... until you actually have it and you find it's not funny at all. 
Riddled with a cold  Not happy Jan!!! Bring back the sun.
Ridiculous choice for the boy. That's crap. Sad day 
ridiculous traffic getting to 89 in lebanon - we'll be lucky to make it to Harlow's by 7 
Ridiculous weather in Pittsburgh tonight... everywhere is flooded so I can't go anywhere 
Ridiculous!  G'night I will apologize some more tomorrow  
@RebeccaCyd OK. I'm jealous. Working on my resume when I should be out in the sun 
@rebeccajones Dunno how u can keepup w/2 accts. I could not. Good luck w/that!! ;) If I followed, I'd get randy 2, but it's bad for biz. 
@rebeccajoybeach I miss your obsessive tweeting!  also, I miss you. Also, answer your GD phone!!
@rebeccakelley flat race=yes! training flats=no!  No hills here in so. florida. Grew up in Utah. Loved hill climbs! (when I was skinny)
@RebeccaLange LOL... my little girl and I made cookies yesterday and we pigged out on them... I just ate the last one...    Thx Rebecca ;)
@RebeccaMasters last 24 hours together for over 2 weeks. 
@RebeccaMayne That does sound boring as hell becs 
@rebeccamezzino geesh, tell me about it! Are you ever going to come back to Melbourne?? 
@rebeccamezzino hi hun...glad you had a good time. I'm really cheesed about missing out on chatting with you in person 
@RebeccaNiemiec ooh.. that's not good..  how'd that happen?
@rebeccao372 bless, would make me cry if i ever get that 
@rebeccao372 that must be a nightmare!! 
@rebeccao372 toad of toad hall?  xx
@rebeccaramsdale ISN'T IT AMAZING? Chuck Bass is barely in it though 
@rebeccargh sadly he awoke by himself 
@rebeccashearing haha and what's about you?  we dont tweet since weeks  I had a lot of exams U.U exhausting lol xx
@rebeccateasays I know! ...  &quot;think happy thoughts&quot; as gerard would say.
@rebeccawatson Hit by a car again.  She seems to be a bit bruised, but needs another new bike. SUV driving tw@'s.
@Rebeckela id confront you... but i dont have a problem with you  sorry
@ReBeckers84 I know, sorry.     We'll have to go after Manta opens.   Want to go next sunday before Jersey Boys?
@Rebekaaa oh yeah 
@Rebekah_McFly  aww thanks!
@Rebekah_McFly awww why ?  Xxxxxxx
@Rebekah_McFly nope  the 1st on Trending Topic is Susan Boyle haha.
@Rebekah_Mcfly not alot just had a very emotional last day at college  x
@Rebekah_McFly wow sunshine is much better indeeeed. Lol my mom's making me sleep early today. at 8.45PM. what the fishhh  xxxxx
@Rebekah_McFly yeah  your on your holidays arent you? when you back again ? xxxxxxxxx
@Rebekah521 And you always make me want grapes when you say that, but we never have any. 
@RebekahCheng Can only move into my swanky apartment on the 5th! Hopefully can come down before that but will need a place to stay 
@RebekahCheng oh man, are you okay?! any injuries? 
@RebekahHarriman You know JCP wouldn't let me do a piercing course 
@rebekahm not till noon  - http://bit.ly/cVrp7
@rebekahnew I want to see your phone!!!!!! Sold my iPhone this evening 
@RebekahPattz BECA! im sooo annoyed im gonna miss the new moon trailer because i don't have any sky or ntl anymore  what will i do?!
@rebekahplatt you getting the new iPhone 3GS?? I want to upgrade mine but contract doesn't run out till jan  
@Rebel31_55 will it knock me out for any extended amount of time?  Cause I'm nearly at work 24/7 and cant really do that 
@RebelAndTheCity aha I will do....but need to finish up my research proposal tonight first.... 
@rebelbrethren Awwww   You are also missing an 'i'   She'll be back soon 
@rebelchicnyc I was KNEW RB but was thinkin JL, but u jus clarified RB  mayb hes sufferin from early mid-life crisis! Aww jus Take him out
@rebo11 i went to work 12 hrs 
@Rebookar Eek that's a bit gay  I thought you could get it back somehow through the bank?
@rebornspirit  Sleep well. Am contimplating buying a stream 4 school.gotta come up w/$300 
@rebstew Aw, the Rob Thomas prize winner today chose the same clue as me. 
@rebwim76 I'm on the DayQuil too but it doesn't seem to be helping.  I am so not coming in tomorrow! Hope you feel better soon!
@RebySky not me bebe 
@recebella awww  i no like when ppl arent well;; it makes me saddened
@recebella it so shouldve been lebron kobe  oh well..did you see that 3?! Scoooppp!
@RecipeGirl I really wish I was going to that! I would have totally signed up if I hadn't already signed up for BlogHer.  
@RecipeGirl woops! sorry for the &quot;t&quot; and about you injury. 
really wishes she was sleeping right now 
really wishes that she didn't watch that film!! It was horrible!! 
Really wishes the phone would stop ringing. 
REALLY WISHIN i was in Cali.  1. For Taco Shop is San Diego (YUM!) and 2. For the Jay-Z/Eminem show is LA. (Sighh)
Really wishing for David and the guys to come back to Mid-MO for a concert.  Saw them once and longing to see them again.
Really wishing I had a day off to read tweets/news/blog posts about #E3  
really wishing it wasn't so damn hot in the library. I'm in the old bit and it's like a greenhouse in here 
really wishing my ear would quit aching again. 
really wishing my parents wouldve let me go 2 texas with gaby for the opening show of the jonas world tour 
Really wishing Panera had their tomato soup right now.   What should I have for dinner!!?
Really yucky storm outside. Can only count to 2 mississippi before super loud thunder 
really&quot; boreddd, do the same thing everyday  Need new activity..
really, really bad tech day   bad enough in general, but when you work virtually, it is a HUGE problem - sigh
Really, really frustrated. Please divert all emails to kiyuns.admin@gmail.com. Many unreplied emails! Pls bear with me for abit 
Really, really just want to sleep. 
Really, really sad that Cleavland didn't make it to the Finals... and it's now just hitting me. 
Really, REALLY want the iphone 3g[s] tomorrow.... im willing to que at stupid o clock! hmmm need someone to buy my blackberry off me 1st! 
really, roommate, really? The walls are paper thin, and all your friends are idiots and jack asses, please tell them all to leave. Ugh. 
Really, what on earth is wrong with people?! This is just terrible and frightning  http://bit.ly/CMyCD
Really....raining on my day off  Guess I will be running on the treadmill today
really? &quot;possible&quot; &quot;unconfirmed&quot; &quot;tiny rotation&quot; = not one good reason to stop showing Lost. *sigh* please be online soon 
Really? 87 degrees as the high and I'm on my way to work?!?  hagg lake tomorrow is going to be especially bomb sauce!!
Really? Good job!@yeehaw104: I'm in a bit of pain. Bike ride gone bad 
Really? Rove? This is why I don't watch tv  #Logies
Really?! our floor better get fixed soon, or I litterally don't know what to do other than cry.. so far its been a nightmare 
REALLY?!?!?! I wish I had all the time in the world to do everything I wanted 
Really?? Idk he makes me sick yo n I keep unfollowing him it don't work  @xDennis
really2 want to sleep 
reallyreally wishes indianapolis would magically move to being..oh..and hour or so from laporte 
reallyreallyreallyreally doesn't want to work today!!!!!! 
reallyyy bored 
realy needs to get a new board 
realy realy tiered 
realy wishes she had got a ticket to sherwood forest pines to see MCFLYY  who cares if i cant see lol its my bloody home town 
reaons not worth it; drunk for no reason, depressed about revision, nothing happened. Reason's worth it:Matt, ...after that? i dunno 
Rear-ended someone coming back from lunch.  We were stopped at a light, he went, I went, he stopped/slowed down, I didn't.  
Rearranged the apartment. Too much junk. Brother is visiting. Fun. Why is all this so unexciting? 
Rearranging my room 
Reason #3 phoenix sucks. No roseland parade 
Reason #749 why I hate 7News: the graphic title &quot;Hello Dalai&quot; 
Reason why i aint being on comp or at school or wp cos i fell down stairs this mornin big bump on head 
Reasons I don't like taking claritin d: waking up at 4am 
Reasons why i'm fed up are three fold; 1) Revision is impossible 2) I am on my bill in my stupid house 3) The summer Ball sounds WICKED. 
Rebecca is STUDYING her butt off for finals. and it's SO fun. 2 finals tomorrow. 
rebecca just woke me up!  but i guess it is 11.30 just so she could tell me she's picking monkey nuts up from nursery...
rebelution was a bust  now random party in pq
rebooted after laptop crash 
rebuilding a flattened .psd, not a great start to the day 
rebuilding your work computer sucks sucks sucks; i would get more work done sitting on the patio of the local pub 
rec'd photo travel mug from Kodak...Oh dear  Acceptable but not superior work...think I'll save my next attempt for another company *sigh*
Received a nice parcel full of cute stationery yesterday. soon to be blogged - when I have the time 
Received a sweet Mother's Day video card from my son, saying I had been chosen Mother of the Year. Brad and Angelina were disappointed. 
Received a text from my dad that my paternal cousin from the PI tried to commit suicide ! Omggggggggg!!! 
received an email with photos and bios of all members of my cohort...except me.  Whoops, guess I shoulda' sent in mine a little earlier 
Received an offer letter from PwC BUT can't accept it yet. I'm on vacation and very much confused! 
Received few letters along with a police report from law firms... I guess they want to have business from me...!!! 
Received ISC(2) annual maintenance fee notice, where did the year go? I haven't submitted any CPEs.    #CISSP
Received my exam schedule today! Omg, I'll be sitting for IRK and History on the same day! How worse can life get? 
Received my Q9550! A C1 stepping! Thanks NCIX! 
received super news - Hot Summer Deals on video games, game consoles &amp; game accessories. Ready to upload page &amp; find, my server is down. 
Received the #brotherscider festival pack today. Shame I'm not going to glasto so no free hooch for me  Least I got a free hat!
Received the new tiffanys catalog in the mail. I am loving the new items. 
Received the very last disc of the Wire from Netflix today.    I don't want it to end!
Receiving the International Herald Tribune at home for one month free = ultra luxurious. Mail arriving only after 11am: damn! Conclusion 
recent pop-up said I had 10 HOT&amp;SEXY matches on the web... what a disappointment 
recently in a hospital 
Recently watched chef aid ep of south park. Used to have album but cant find it anymore 
Reception food at Long Beach graduation = no Champagne  http://twitpic.com/67eba
recession @ Cannes: Cannes Lions Entries Sink 20%  http://bit.ly/ID6C9  less is more [creative] i guess... 
Recieved emails from LRB and Tass. I miss them  Writing mildly emo responses in return.
Recital starts in a few ! Im a nervous wreckkk 
recital the other day.. it was great! best summer ever! i'll miss everyone at SBS.. :| anyway, back to school tomorrow. i miss dancing.. 
Recital tonight! AHH scared/sore/full/my feet hurt. lol its ugly outside 
RECITAL TONIIGHT! MY HAIR LOOKS LIKE CRAP 
Recitalss all done!  at applebees possible sleepover tonight
reckons the 28th of June - my birthday - isn't going to be all that fun 
reclining in bed trying to get comfortable. no luck  with a roll here and a cramp there...this is useless
Recoding our spam filter: twitter.com has gotten itself into the SURBL blacklists, so email containing &quot;twitter.com&quot; is being filtered 
Recommend any E3 streaming server? IGN is down    #E3
recommending &quot;paul oakenfold - global underground hong kong&quot; - THANKS GU! I wish I had the entire collection... 
Record shopping by myself just isnt the same 
recorded few videos of us singing. i cant sing for nuts. 
Recorded the NBA finals on Sport1 HD  last night, wanted to watch it today. Unfortunatly the results were all over the news this morning 
Recording canceled  What a BITCH. Back to bruising my mind with more incapacitating work.
recording on twaud.io doesn't quite work properly yet 
recovering after falling over at work and cutting my hands 
Recovering from 48 hours of food poisoning goodness.  Surprised to see Dylans new album at number one in the UK...
recovering from a bad chest infection...spent the last 2 days asleep...still feel crap today &amp; it's bloody Saturday, not fair 
Recovering from a bad fall at lunch. Great start to the weekend.  
Recovering from a Seafood mistake, seems old stomach cant handle food on the go..Wanna seefood go? 
recovering from another failed flight experience 
Recovering from bad flu...still got bad cough duh 
recovering from being in my home, which was turned into a construction site all day, due to plumbing problem.  Ugh - now the clean up!  
recovering from last night, is alcohol supposed to make you depressed?  I need a pick me up.
Recovering from last nights antics. Canny smoked today 
recovering from last nights loss 
Recovering from my Birthday. Watched &quot;UP&quot; Sad and funny movie, but doug reminded me of too much off my Dog Beavis that passed away 
Recovering from my trip... it is sad that one needs a vaction from their vaction! 
Recovering from small surgical procedure. Wiped me out more than I thought it would. 
Recovering from tonsilectomy Day # 2 
Recovering MS-Windows XP after a virus attack 
recovering still..... 
Recovering! Uuugh my tummy hurts. 
Recovering.  Only made 81 miles--19 short.    I could run for 25 hours but can't walk right now!
Recovering... I am not the young, crusader of good that I used to be. My leg hurts 
Recovery flu out of window. stiiiiiiiiiill sick..for how long 
Recuperating from a busy weekend! (hangover)  
Recycle, Recycle, Recycle!!! We can only abuse mother Earth for so long and I'm sweating bullets in this heat 
Red and white, it's an unbeatable combination ...this weekend 
Red bull and yagar and me dont go together- depressed. 
Red Bull will have to be my bitch today twits 
Red cream soda really does it cut it when ur fienin for some H2O damnit 
red faction guerrilla looks great! I really wish i had money to buy it 
Red itchy eyes and a blocked up nose  go away hay fever... LEAVE!
Red nail varnish is such a pain in the #%@ to get off! stains everywhere 
Red Rings of Death Xbox 360 Towel Trick - Windows Opration System: My Xbox got the RROD  I did the towel trick.. http://bit.ly/5Fk8q
Red Robin for work lunch... But I'm the only one here. 
Red Sox day off 
Red sox lost and I'm in pain turning out to be a real bad day. 
Red Sox won last night!!! 10-6 against Tampa Bay!! Jason Bay was injured  I LOVE JASON BAY!  http://twitpic.com/4hc55
red update: temp of 40+. Suspected infection. Antibiotics given. Appt tomorrow to check temp again. fingers crossed.  #fb
red wine + not enough sleep = headache 
Red Wings give up an empty netter... 
Red wings lose 4-2 ... Lame 
Red Wings Lost!   Damn Ducks...  5 hours wasted watching that game...
Red Wings ROCK!!! I almost feel bad for the Penguins  LOL!
Redbelt was great. One complaint: Emily Mortimer did an American accent.  I suppose I should watch Match Point now to make up for it.
Redding down  lucky he didn't highside that... Back wheel locked up?
Reddit has been down all morning 
reddit is down.  what am i going to do now...guess ill go to class 
Reddit is down... 
Redecorating the office with sketchup.. looking forward to finally getting it done.. so tired of this damn orange wallpaper 
redeye flight at 3 AM tomorrow! @eilseyfaceee @bebetif @madification7 I'M GONNA MISS YOU GUYS 
Rediscovering my love for silly quizzes. And Disney. Wish someone hadn't sold all of my Disney movies at a yard sale 
redisigning myself... work, no presentation, gym @ night, no boyfriend tonite!!! 
Re-doing it. 
Re-doing my class schedule once again because stupid peoplesoft didn't tell me the class was in Red Deer. 
Redoing my website is pissing me off.  
Re-doing the Picture This conversion. Therefore, my computer is moving extremely slow = can't work on the gallery. 
redoing work is THE most depressing thing iv done all year   swainnyyy needs a hug
re-downloading 2.2.1 
redsox win 8-1!!! even though lester didnt get the perfect game 
Reebok people are here with sizing samples of the new jersey cuts. Clabo was nice enough to help us out, too bad no pictures 
reeeally want to download the hush hush PCD song, but can only find the boring version, wheres the remix??! 
reeeeally not looking forward to tomorrow, 2 exams to fail    no lunch / break . aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh
Reeeeeeeally sick of school and homework an tuition. Someone come rescue me on a horse  http://sml.vg/K9LxS0
reeeeeeeeeealy wants some Mickey D's dollar menu cheeseburger. I'm huuuuuuuuunnnnnngggggrrrrryyyyy 
Reeked of alcohol at the dentist this morning + was drunk when i put on my tshirt, realised it had a huge stain. Dentist looked disgusted 
Reeling from the news that an 11 and a 10 year old are to be charged with attempted murder  Maybe it should be the parents in the dock?
Reese pieces in the morning are no way to start your day 
reflecting about all the men who have hurt me.  why!!! lol
refreshing ups tracking url like a weasel with a crack problem. 12 ish hours to go. 
refund number two! denied!  oh well.....GOODNIGHT EVERYONE!
Regardless of the situation, breakups are not easy. &amp; kind of suck! 
regents tomorrow  wish me luck. confidence is the key.
Regents tomorrow, should be studying 
regentsss. 
reggaefest was sickkkk. studying all weekend.  @melgetsbuck coming home on monday... yeeee
Reghan won't let her use it 
REGINA'S SICK AGAIN? :o  :o
Regis isn't on Regis and Kelly today. 
Regis&amp;&amp;kelly. Only kellys not there 
registered to ElAl's preferred seat waiting list. as if. they acknowledge I'm 2m tall &amp; need extra leg space. but not my (pregnant) wife 
regret cycling 25 miles yesterday just to lose some more weight, bugger it hurts today  . On the bright side i lost another pound  xoxo
regret for erythings that I've done 
regret not being able to meet @parmeshs and the Viz this time in mumbai.  genius', both.
regret that coffee i had a few hours ago. its already 3 
Regret to say that I haven't started on my work. 
Regretably not going to the Satans show. The disadvantages of bein' a poor student. 
Regretful that I didn't, not that I did 
Regretfully, I will not be able to attend this evening's AWE 
regrets getting the chocolate croissant instead of the almond croissant at milano. 
regrets going to spokane for the weekend  #fb
Regrets last night  i haven't felt this horrible in a LONG time.
regrets opting out. it would be pretty cool to talk to a random stranger.  *sad* oh hey...my ex boyfriend is online!!! WOW! yea...THAT ex!
regrets the waste of daylight 
Regrettin some of the decisions I made 
regretting last night immensely. Just hoping with all my heart that things are OK today. 
Regretting not eating dinner and barely sleeping last night  is it Friday yet?
regretting not singing the tiz at karaoke tonight 
regretting now buying the cutest kathy von zeeland bag ever! 
regretting that lunch is at least 1hr away...and will consist of soup and stale bread 
Regretting the three cups of coffee ealier this evening - can't sleep 
regulatin high school byrdz n delinquentz is not how i wanna spend dis beautiful day... 6.5 more hours 
Rehaam, you cant just leave me like that.  i can't live without my bff's &lt;3
rehearsal makes my head hurt. 
rehearsals all day!! i'm exhausted.. going to see Carmeen to the funeral of her grandpa..  baby i love yoou! U.u
Rehearsen littleshop at the moment. Dont going brilliantly and show in 3 days. 
rehearsing but kind of sick 
Rehearsing for the Choir. arghh,, so bad! 
rehersals for WE WILL ROCK YOU!!!! i mean rehersals are sooo fun but then they are over and you come crashing back down to reality 
Reinstalling apps on my company MacBook Pro after being assimilated into the Active Directory collective 
reinstalling my phone software for my computer in the hope it'll charge it  oh and http://5ophie3lizabeth.wordpress.com/
Reinstalling my sons machine after Crysis crashed and XP failed to restart  A great way to spend a sunny Sunday
reinstalling the new iphone update. erased all my memory 
reinstalling the sims 1 since my brokeass can't afford the sims 3 
Re-invented first pair of wheels: Check!  
Rejection no matter how nicely and gently done is still rejection. And it still hurts. 
Rejigging my wholesale sheet! Stuck on which direction to go with 
Rejoicing over Pacman's win, but oh no, why did you let Djokovic beat you, Roger? 
relaaaaay today! tut tut...looks like rain 
Related to me wishing I was on my couch reading Snow Crash instead of at work 
relationships r really complicated, i don't knw, nuthin is stable, and there so many crossroads ahead, it seems it's never gona b smooth 
Relax, trying to get rid of the haedache that came with my Birthday Party Last Night ....  
relaxin!! rains back 
relaxing 
Relaxing after a day of being domestic.. Work tomorrow 9-3 then flying the TBM for the last time afterwards. 
relaxing after a long day at work 
Relaxing after working 2 jobs today! 
Relaxing and having fun with friends with a few drinks fun, next day if you are not careful not so fun! 
relaxing and sleepy......legal studies and italian exams tomorrow 
relaxing and watching the hills.....unless my bf n his friends take over the tv  !!
relaxing at home on my night off... gotta work through the whole weekend 
Relaxing at home/ listening to ChesterFrench.. Debating if I should hit the gym in a bit 
Relaxing before my long day at work  on a beautiful Sat I could be having fun
Relaxing but being in strange mood 
Relaxing in my garden soaking up the LA weather in Bristol! Listening 2 @metrostation. Trying 2 finish this song, got a lil writers block 
Relaxing in the hotel. Without a phone for the weekend  Apparently sidekicks dont work in the U.P.??? What am I gonna do??
relaxing just listen to the birds. dam noisy things. wishin I could go back to the past and see all my dearest friends 
Relaxing on the couch trying to get rid of my headache! 
relax-ing time is up,LOL just woke up,can i sleep again? 
Relaxing today~ Went to Tampa Bay Vs Boston Baseball game last night in St. Petersburg, Florida~ We lost  But it was fun! Last Minute plan
Relaxing while Emma sleeps...then back to cleaning...  I'm sooo bored today, but sadly I'm without a car until tomorrow... 
relaxing with my brother and do something for school later... sundays are just boring 
relaxing! doing NO degree work! watching TV - wow, i'm finally a student and I'm leaving Loughborough 2moro! 
Relaxing! Regents tomorrow, didn't even study yet. 
relaxing! untill Alfie wakes up 
Relaxing, I think I'm getting a cold 
Relaxing, poker is pretty much over for the day.    LOL.
Relaxing. I have to work at apple tonight from 9pm-8am  @ Home http://loopt.us/_GHEDQ.t
Relaxing. Sold nearly 2000 dollars worth of perfume today! Have to work 12:15 to 7:15 tomorrow. 
relaxing....cant get rid of this killer headache 
Relay for Life on Saturday @ Freehold Racetrack and it looks like we're gettin T-Storms!!! 
Relay for Life was wet and cold. 
Relearning the first rule of consultancy - that it's always your fault 
Relieved this unpleasant day has come to a close. I'll sure miss seeing Sparky when visiting home. Best dog ever 
Religion revision  and its so sunny  out side which makes it worse  xo
Religious Studies first period  .......... Yawn fest! And the teacher is a grade 1 A hole! Dredlocks ewwwwwww!
Relisted, didn't fit  sad day! http://tinyurl.com/dhqyuk
Reloadin' Stuff On My Laptop..Had To Reboot 
Relocating b/c the landlord is showing the house  Off to read in a coffee shop or something... ? http://blip.fm/~4l137
Reluctantly going to sleep - don't want to be any closer to waking up to another rainy week ahead 
Reluctantly heading to school  will find a way to get out early ::sneaky eyes::
remaining API what is it? because of it my tweetdeck doesnt work perfectly 
remaining budged: 5,20ï¿½ .. The Cenima ate all my money!! 
remeber these?    well i can't do any of them    f*ck chemistry  http://tinyurl.com/ltbkn4
remember about the past .. so sad 
Remember how I was gonna be a dad? Apparently that can change really fast at this stage. We knew we were pregnant for about 72 hours. 
Remember I said yesterday was a great day? Mostly erased by today, except for a short part of the day. Otherwise, not good 
Remember sleeping in? I wish I could get past 8 on the weekends 
Remember the days when you had to manually type in song names on iTunes etc? Well I've got a big box'a CDs and no Internet. Or toaster- 
Remember the part on the commercial where they say crisp clean corners are a snap? ... They lied   #procaulk
Remember the TWoSMK? http://tinyurl.com/TWSMK1 http://tinyurl.com/TWSMK2 and http://tinyurl.com/TWSMK3 - Wish I'd ridden in the pinball. 
Remember those allergies I had yesterday? They weren't allergies, I'm sick. &amp; I have a 99.8 fever. My life keeps getting better &amp; better 
Remember when I had friends? hahaha. I'm a hermit. 
Remember, another new PushingDaisies episode tonight at 10pm on ABC!!  Only 2 new eps left 
Remember... NOT PARAMORE! AAR. ahhh  it's something you have to do though, okay?!
remembered why i hate newspapers. todays mirror has graphic pictures of dead horses that fell off a bridge. 
Remembering #D-Day &amp; all who fought and died 
Remembering da old days 
Remembering Farrah Fawcett 
Remembering Sunday - All Time Low 
remembering when she was in hawaii.. never wanted to leave and sooo depressed on the flight home.  i miss hawaii!
Remembers a time (last Monday) when he could straighten his arms. Weightlifting sux. 4 days later, still in pain 
remembers when The Eels weren't just a poor imitation of themselves. 
Remind me never ever ever again to use pencils to do homework . 
Remind me not to take afternoon naps cos its nearing 4 and I still can't sleep! 
Reminded again that 140 characters is a dangerous environment to communicate within. 
Reminded by @stephenfry 's tweet about his crown. Had a dream last night where my newly root-canal'd tooth disintegrated. Urk  Insecurity.
Reminder NHL Awards on in 15 minutes.  No Sharks nominated 
REMINDER: Have you all sent your Father's day cards?  Guess who's running to Tesco to beat the post . Sorry Pops 
Reminds me of having to leave again    
Remington got into a car accident and now he can't go to D-Day. His dad is such a jerk. I wish I could make him feel better. 
reminiscing bout the past 
Reminiscing while watching Trace Adkins sing You're Gonna Miss This. 
Reminiscing, but it makes me sad. 
removing all the dam subasset extraction bullsh*t processes - manually 
Removing my bot following, which is annoyingly large. 
renamed Eclipse.app so I could distinguish installs in Dock; updated eclipse sym link; SVN got all flacky - updates recreate Eclipse.app 
Rendering on a Friday night  in Glendale, CA http://loopt.us/ZfYu8g.t
rendering OT. hay. super pagod na. will be flying to ILOILO tom early. then diretso CEBU and DAVAO pa. one week ako wala sa manila. hay. 
Renew my account again 
Renie gave me her cold.  It was worth it. lmao Coffee is calling.
Reno 911... I'll always remember you for what you were, but its just not the same with this different cast. I'm going to need some time 
rented Marley and Me... if you watch it, be prepared to cry. I wasn't expecting it to be sad. 
renting a movie on itunes is taking waaaay too long to download 
reorders his Actos. I ran out 
reovering from more dental work..I hope it is all worth it in the end 
RE-packing for tomorrow &amp; FIENDIN for a cigarette!!! 
repacking our suitcases for our trip to the U.S. this coming Sunday...minus the kids...I miss them already... 
Repairing my followers, it seems twitter is easy with changing the follwing status.  Probably issue with my name change before.
Repeat, i do not need anything from radley, i do not need anything from radley... 
Re-pinging @Anoesj: Aw... Fuck that friggin' battery pop-up... // F*CK! Everytime i play it it drops  EVERYTIME!!
Re-pinging @Elle_P: Too bad I don't give out my number anymore could of had a cutie  lol you can always start again ;)
Re-pinging @karennn10: It's so hot. &gt;&lt; Yup too hot  sucks
Re-pinging @Kyle44: Custom icons I made! =] look cool but the edges could be less square  might look bad on a diff background
Re-pinging @l0_lo: These pieces of shit crack easy  ::: dry shit does that
Re-pinging @MsQueenn: Somethings wrong with my Twinkleeeeee!!  ha ha :p but I still love you tho
Re-pinging @NUNU_B: Is it pathetic that my mom is my best friend  hell know I talk to my mom bout everything everythinggg
Re-pinging @Rock_My_Star: Iheartradio----&gt; Houston, Texas----&gt; 94.5 The Buzz--- iPhone problems  http://tinyurl.com/r88ltf
Re-pinging @unreal018: Why can't I get my brain to shut up !!     ....shoot it in the face!
Replaced b-ball w/ Swedish Hardcore over wknd. Proper, less disappointment. Other bummsville, seattle boy lives (get this) in seattle. 
replies later! xD so so much homework 
Reply @Nicholarse Haha! Get Kerrang to get streaming working in den Nederlanden and  I'll be listening! If not, back in Brum in Aug! 
reply to me my boy 
Repo is over... 
report coming on wed.. :s  uh oh 
report report, oh why am I so lazy 
Report writing sucks...even more when the sun is shining outside the library and the blinds are closed 
reported some vulgar twitter spammers, what a waste of bandwidth    #spam #twitter #spammers
Reporting for a long-term story, &amp; joining Mayor Booker to watch Land of the Lost at the Newark Screens tonight. My kids can't make it 
Reporting on nutrition: rachel gorman of EatingWell. Sorry, @melissakirsch  #jbf
reporting to court for jury duty tomorrow 
Reports that Batheaston Bypass is gridlocked inbound to Bath, so expect delays to bus services in the area 
Republican anti-gay propaganda is getting old  - http://bit.ly/AwhTm
Require emergency earwormdectomy - have &quot;We Built This City&quot; by Starship stuck in my head 
Re-reading the twilight saga.  All this lovey-dovey talk is just beyond me.  I like most parts of the books, but some parts kill the vibe 
Rerunning @the_real_shaq interview this am where he says &quot;i don't mess with cupcakes!&quot; LOL i am sad to see y'all leave @shaunie_o 
re-runs of the hills..bed soon! class at 8am  then working on a paper..
Rescheduled my interview because I freaked out going over the practice math test they sent me. We can't use a calculator AND it's timed. 
Rescued Aeris and Red XIII. Got captured by Rude and Tseng. Stuck in a cell with Tifa, but she ain't puttin out 
Rescued George from the back of the ASDA van this morning!  Might have to think about a collar with a bell 
research.. research... headache.. wor...   lose weight again... 
Researching google voice, its not available yet 
researching refrigerators... mine kinda doesn't work today 
researching schools with no luck 
Researching TMJ problems. Boo on my jaw for causing problems...not many blow jobs for me in the future I think 
Resetting my Cave Story because I missed something missable. 
Resident Evil 5... having trouble finishing the game..can't get past volcano level 
Resigned to watching the numbers silently changing at rolandgarros.com   C'mon Roger!!!!  Pull it together!
@recnamorcen would Haas lose in straight sets (6-0) if the KKR cheerleaders were present? 
