Watching gtst! .. not going 2 gym anymore  ...
Watching hannah Montana and dreading tomorrow 
Watching happy feet for the hundredth time 
Watching happy feet. He's so flippen cute! Why do all the penguins hate him? 
Watching Harold &amp; Maude, then sleeping for an eternity. It's been a fun week, but I need the rest. On the downside, my laptop is dead. 
watching Harold and Kumar 2...  Clearly not as good as the first.  
Watching harry potter and the chamber of secrets by myself. 
Watching Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Need to start working, but got work on the mind. 12 hours in hell tomorrow. Fun 
Watching Heartbeat 
Watching heaven&amp;hell in Bonn... Everthing is distorted  http://bit.ly/e7mOD  http://yfrog.com/5f77lj
Watching hells kitchen, Hulu detected I was using hotspot shield, it no longer works in Canada 
watching heroes, i love the fact i am so many series in and still think sylar is a babe ON THE INSIDE! 
watching he's just not that into you and getting severely depressed 
Watching he's just not that into you, I hope I don't become like some of the chicks in here  Eharmony best not be my future!
Watching Hewitt and Del Potro. It's a good match. Hope Lleyton can finish him off. Been a bad day for me so far 
Watching High School Musical...and after that High School Musical 2!!! woo-hoo =P ohh btw Gael is about to leave 
Watching him leave sucks big time. 
Watching Himitsu no Hanazono again... I wish stories like this never had endings  Amuro Namie's - Baby Don't Cry http://tinyurl.com/qr4ros
watching history channel .... math predictions vs astrological...both say same thing...very disturbing  
Watching History Channel.. Our infrastructure is in REALLY bad shape.   Roads, bridges, and sewer systems are going to fail!
Watching hockey bc the rangers game is a slaughter. I like close, competitive games... 
watching home via webcam. where's eric? 
Watching House MD. Love it but can't believe ****** killed himself 
Watching house on haunted hill. Ahahahahaha. I'm not sleepin tonight. No more Z's for me. 
watching house season 1. i miss the old team  and cameron's natural hair color.
WATCHING HOUSE!!!!!! But Mom &amp; Dad just got home, so I might have to stop soon... 
watching House. Researching Grad schools. calling Kaitlyn. Work ... 430-Close 
Watching how i met your mother. School tomorow 
Watching Hugh Laurie on Jonathan Ross. Very good but Ross selling House like it's something new in the UK. Grrr Mr @Wossy. 
Watching I Am Legend with Dad and Nick. Still not getting other people's updates 
Watching I Am Legend. Such a sad movie 
watching I Am Sam. So sad 
Watching I'm a celebrity again. It's not the same with Spencer gone 
Watching 'Im A Celebrity: Get Me Outta Here' 
watching In Bruges I HATE IT ITS SO SAD! 
watching indonesia open. .so sad that lilyana natsir didnt make it to the semifinal 
Watching Indy Car now .. Kinda boring since I missed the first 105 laps 
watching infomercials. can't sleep 
Watching Intervention right now....dang, so sad! 
Watching it storm...kind of scary looking out there. 
watching japanese series again... everything looks great but i can't seem to follow the story.... 
WATCHING JAY LENO   Time flies...17 years!!!! He will be missed.
Watching Jay Leno - his last week 
Watching jay leno. Last episode he hosts of the tonight show  wow. 17 years. End of an era
Watching Jay Leno's last show  im sad!
Watching Jay Leno's Last show. 
Watching Jay's last show. 
watching john &amp; kate + 8 makes me sad  wish they could be happy again
Watching john and kate plus 8.        geez its making me really sad.
watching john and Kate.... They're seperating.... 
Watching Jon &amp; Kate from last night.  Sad 
Watching Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8 - this is so sad 
Watching Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8 and reading news about the DC Metro Crash...sad Monday 
watching jon &amp; kate plus 8. it makes me so sad. 
watching Jon &amp; Kate plus 8..can't believe they're divorcing 
Watching jon and kate + 8. the kids are soooooooo cute!!! its unfortunate there's so much drama surrounding them 
Watching Jon and Kate plus 8 so heartbreaking 
Watching Jon and Kate plus 8... This shit is depressing 
Watching jon and kate. Makes me sad for the kids 
Watching Jon and Kate: Twisted Fate 
watching jonas. i am SO sick of studying - i haven't even had any exams yet  goodluck to my @derrbub who is in his first exam right now!
Watching Jurassic Park. Already scared 
watching Katie and Peter. Aww i liked them together 
watching Katt Williams! haha, so funny. Just got done with a full days worth of schoooool! ahh. and more to come tomorrow 
Watching KFP and just realized that it was D-Day today  wow...
watching kill bill, my feet are still frozen to the point they wont move...it hurts 
Watching kings _ NOT. Recording messed up 
watching KINGS! I missed the first four minutes... 
watching Kobe, then bed time  work 8-12, class stuff, practice, class stuff again then all over again ugh!
watching laguna beach. And i need to stop. The Graduation Episode is just making me cry, because thats us. And thats him, tomorrow. 
watching laskar pelangi @youtube. nasib belom bisa bawa mobil 
Watching last nights episode of Medium! Is it really over?  I hope not...
watching last nights RHONJ on DVR. sending out a newsletter to cxl tomorrow's Saratoga Mama picnic because of rain  boo
watching Late Night ...man, i could have been there! 
Watching Late Night with Jay Leno - just 1 night left 
Watching Lauren's last episode. What will I do without her? 
watching Law &amp; Order: SVU old episode  the new one finished and i was too busy making my coffee 
Watching LENO for the last time 
watching Leno's last &quot;tonight show&quot; right now 
watching les miles tweet for the entire CWS has inspired me to tweet for the first time in months. I'm still jobless. 
@tommmg I woke up about 5.30ish anyway, and because of my cold i can't get back to sleep. Took me about 1 and a half hours last night  x
@Tommy_Stedham i dont know . CONFUSED . i have any problem now 
@tommy_toast poor Mr Tom 
@tommyatherton That sucks  Hopefully it'll do the trick. Got my fingers crossed for you.
@tommycalvo i didn't get married tonight  good night!
@tommygirl78 My Aunt had breast cancer, so this is freaking me out.  And my Mom acts like she's not, but I can see that she is. 
@tommygunn01 cheers! I'm in Dublin 
@tommygunn01 no I missed it  waiting for a torrent of it to go up so will have a look then.. they got their arses kicked
@tommygunn01 oh now that's mean  someone needs to spring me from work - won't even be able to tweet it #stupidkickofftimes #lions #rugby
@tommyjohn19 I totally understand what you're feeling... 
@TommyLind &quot;Coffee machine broken?!!&quot; Worst three words in the English language--OK, in ANY language!!! 
@tommyreilly i fell asleep  gutted, was it good? X
@tommyreyes I just wanted to be able to send pics  lol. I noticed lol is not longer in caps. Haha. Now I think it looks funny
@tommyreyes im serious.. it looks like it will be a bad one today too... the streets are a MESS... cars messed up, trees broken... 
@tommyreyes LMAO! Remember, I was YOUNG then. I moved from our hood when I was 9 
@tommyreyes oh an I ever honoured :p PS- I have no emojis anymore 
Why can't I upload my photo to my profile, it's only 21 KB any they keep telling me it's too big :S... it's a bit frustrating by the way 
Why can't I upload pics using uber 
Why can't it be Friday already? 
why can't it be wednesday already? this is agonizing, i hope i don't chicken out this time 
Why cant it just die? And then he can come with me 
why can't joe and taylor be friends like miley and nick? cause last time i checked, miley talked about the relationship too... 
Why can't movies be real!  TayHO
why can't my heart make up its mind 
Why can't my vacations extend a bit? 
Why can't online stores offer instant delivery on physical products yet  Making me wait 2-5 business days is bad for my patience.
WHY CANT PARENTs BE MORE UNDERSTANDING UGH 
why cant people just be happy for me. 
Why can't people stop causing problems and get a life? Serioously, it's not that hard! My life is a mess 
why cant ppl confirm mtngs they have promised and make our days just a little easier? 
why cant someone be more sponteneous and romantic... haiz... no use hoping...  better slp...2mrw long day at work again...
why cant sponge bob be real??  i dont care about santa :/ please give life to sponge bob 0_o *just ignore me people* hehe i'm kuku lol
Why can't the C63 AMG come with a proper transmission? 
why cant the england match be on Sky sports ?!! why do setanta have to have it ?!!! 
Why cant the money fairy bring me some?   - tweeted from  www.boffer.co.uk
why can't the new sims game be like 20$... 
why can't the sun come out and play today? any other day and I'd be thankful for the gloom 
why cant the VMA's be here instead 
Why can't there be 5 of me? I have SO much to do! 
why cant they just pass no on pro 8? 
why can't they sell mountain dew in ireland?  god im craving for a can of it. damn
Why can't we just all be rich and not work and travel to other countries for business meetings and tours 
why can't we keep the kitten 
Why can't you have extra arms to tie yourself up? BDSM is cruel to single girls  That is my sadface. Someone make it a happy one~
Why can't you see, you belong with me 
Why couldn't #Conan do the audienceys last Friday when I was there? 
Why couldnt all of today be like lastnight n this morning? 
Why couldnt I get the fileden url for &quot;I'm The Shit&quot;.  The song's dopish, I wanna upload itt. 
Why couldn't I still be at Indiana Beach instead of being back here at the office.  
why couldnt you have said brown? 
WHY DANNY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
why did  @nth452 never ask me for a track list - she must have hated my cd.  oh well such is life
Why did @keithcarroll get this KPop song stuck in my head?  http://tinyurl.com/87dgqa
why did i again forget to bring ice cream home with me?   ice cream, what's NOT for dinner
Why did I agree to work on this gorgeous day? 
Why did I bite my fingernail so short? Now it hurts!  
Watching lisa lie on a360  wonder who paid her
Watching Lord of the Rings extended edition. It has spanish subtitles. 
watching lost and then i got to v=cover 150 pages 
Watching LOTR then going for a run. Chiro appointment later for my tennis elbow 
Watching LSU vs Arkansas. i hate it when we fight 
watching Mad About You - where has this show gone? 
watching made lol no beach today 
watching makeup videos on youtube.....i should be studying 
watching mall cop with Brett and Bobby (Jp was here but he left  )
watching mall cop. 711 didn't have fluff 
Watching man vs. Wild and there is a man climbing a tree with no shoes on. Looks painful. 
watching Marley &amp; Me with my sister. Now I want the book! 
Watching Marley and Me and crying like a baby. I hate watching sweet, innocent animals die. 
Why did I bother to listen to Mike Woods...he said showers later on today NOT this morning 
WHY DID I CALLED HIS NAME WHEN I SAW HIM?!?!?!  http://bit.ly/YvDmA I AM SO STUPID.
Why did i choose carrots as a snack when we havve chips, ice cream sandwhiches, creamcibles and cookies in the house what am i on 
why did i do it  i feel so shit miley accpet me and share the pain D:
Why did I ever do for my mother to hate me! Ugh! I asked for one thing! One simple Â£32.50 thing, and that's a big deal! I went from  to 
Why did I ever think that @bing would be decent?   More marketing fluff with pretty videos and no follow through.
why did I gem update? 
why did I get Marley and Me on InDemand yesterday?  Still sad 
Why did I go to bed so late last night?! Uuughhhh.... F my life. I'm off to work 
why did i have 8 shots of blackberry stoli last night.. now i have to skip the gym 
Why did I open my mouth to let my boss hear that I'm bored at work? This hoe slammed me with more responsibilites. No MTO today 
Why did I play Heaven remix ?! I didnt mean to  rofl
why did i put an @ Thing By Bored  DUMB
Why did I read June instead of July. Now I got excited for a movie that's coming out in more than 15 days. 
why did i rush from the airport lookin a mess and hair/makeup are late, i though i was gon be somewhat ready by the time people showed up 
Why did I send that to myself? Prick that I am! I fear I am going to miss my sisters fly by visit 
why did i sunbathe today  i look like a lobster, i feel like someones burning me alive!
Why did I wear pumps today? My toes are soaked 
why did it have to be a half day from school today? 
Why did it have to be mega nice and sunny on the weekend that i work friday to sunday? fuck you nice weather! 
why did it stop raining in NY? 
Why did ITV2 edit out bits of Terminator 2? More advertising time? How pathetic... 
Why did James rape me tonight 
why did kutner have to die !! 
why did matt have to get voted off american idol? 
Why did my sister remove all her tags from my photos?    Ouch.
Why did no-one tell me about the 29p albums on Amazon  doesn't matter that they were mainly crap... it's the principle!
Why did Pure Reason Revolution have to go all electro? It sounds okay but it's nothing on their progressive stuff 
why did selena gomez have to be so pretty? 
Why did sound input for my computer stop working?  It's not the mic or jack (USB webcam mic doesn't work either) Checked input controls. 
Why did such a good workout have to be ruined by annoying news?! 
Why did Susan Boyle loose  brb crying in my emo corner.. she is the best!!!
why did sweeney todd have to die   
Why did the ice cubes melt? They were so cute 
watching 'marley and me'... and crying like a baby 
Watching maxium 100. Why can't I look beautiful like those girls. 
Watching Mayor Fenty announce that 4 people died on the metro red line.  
watching men in black. ugh i miss you 
Watching Merlin and I neeeeeed to do how! 
watching messengers on lifetime. caught it towards the end while ago, so gannoa watch it again since i cant go to fork  dvd broken
Watching Miss Lisa Ling's  documentary: Sex Workers or Victims. This is soooo sad!!!! 
watching mod, going to school in ten minutes 
watching mongol, with a heating pad, missing the heat drew throws off 
Watching Morocco vs. Togo match. Adebayor is not playing in the Togolian team! 
watching movies alone now.  everyone else is in bed.   
Watching movies back to back I'm dying of boredom this sucks! I need Popsicles it's getting hotter &amp; my mom won't turn on the A/C 
watching movies w/ my roommate... sick days 
Why did the weather channel tell me it was going to be sunny? I am walking in the rain, hearing thunder and seeing lightening 
Why did they decide to make Ghostbusters on Blu Ray? Now I have to sit and watch it 
Why did they do Jordan like this   his mouth isn't  crooked and he's not this color!!! http://mypict.me/45FV
why did they have to burst my bubble 
Why did this have to happen now? 
Why did this post disappear on @techcrunch ? I wanted to link it up   http://yfrog.com/14bxvp
Why did Transformer crisps stop making the balls? I loved the balls. 
why did we hve 2 book our holidays 4 nxt week? @ddlovato @Jonasbrothers @Lisa_Veronica and @Jessicaveronica are all in London this week! 
Why did you fail on me yesterday 
why didn't I go to the ATL Bday bash... the fuck am I smoking! oh yea... that loud! (still should've fuckin went...) 
why didn't i have more candy apples in my childhood? 
Why didn't I make pie today? I really meant to but it didn't happen. 
Why didn't the dr. tell me how much a tetanus shot hurts the next day? 
why do @paauruiz &amp; @joaaqo like Queen? 
Why do all my followers have their accounts destroyed?! And i was so close to overtaking Wilson. 
why do all my friends leave during the summer, now i have no one to hang out with 
why do all of my friends find it too embarrassing to go into the city w/ me (b/c i won't go alone) to see the jonas brothers perform!?   
Why do all The good one's live far away life florida 
Why do all the good things have to come to an end? 
Why do all the hot guys at the gym have to be straight... Talking to a hot boy, then he starts talking about the hot chicks 
why do all the tears come suddenly like this ? 
Why do all the twitter apps for blackberry suck? I want my iphone back 
Why do boys have to be so blimming complicated? 
Why do boys take so long to answer question! 
why do brownies take so long to bakeee?! &amp;omg I have likee noo friends, I'm sooo bored &amp; nothing to do!  @ctil_idie put 1 in the air 4 me!
Why do burns make you cold? 
Why do dogs eat poop? sick 
why do finger nails grow so slow 
why do fools fall in love? 
Why do HD movise take so long to upload 
why do humans need sleep?? seriously if life's too short why waste time by sleeping?? anyway yeah i need some sleep  boring boring boring
why do i always do everything wrong? 
Why do i always fall in love with people i cant ever have or be with 
Watching mr and mrs smith. One of the best movies made. Work tomorow  lame
watching MTV Movie Awards. i really wanted the kid from Role Models to win that last award but the guy from Twilight won. 
watching my all time favorite show, jon &amp; kate plus 8(: but..jon &amp; kate are devorcing 
Watching my baby Jeremiah sleep...I miss my babe James  I love u babe
watching my baby sis sleep her pain away. . . hopefully she'll get discharged tomorow. povrecita 
Watching My Best Friend's Wedding...Great movie, sad ending 
Watching my big brother graduate....he's leaving me alone 
Watching My Bloody Valentine! Too bad it can't be 3D at home  - http://tweet.sg
Watching my brother and dad swim and then i saw a really big ball. I was disappointed to hear that the dog peed on it. No ball for me. 
why do i always feel like im having a bad day 
Why do i always feel like the bad guy! 
Why do I always feel tired, I sleep more than the recommended 8 hours but I still feel lazy and tired  (via #zenjar )
Why do i always find the wrong soul mate?.. Hmm If they are wrong.. they were not my soulmate 
why do i always fuck things up when everything is good? why? i just don't know how to appreciate good things anymore 
Why do I always get database errors, 404s and malware error messages on DesignFloat? 
Why do I always get so hot at night 
Why do I always get stuck in queues where the guy way out front is taking AGES holding everything up? Gah. Heathrow 
Why do I always get the really smelly people sit next to me on the bus? Why? 
WHY DO I ALWAYS HAVE TO BE ILL 
why do i always have to do things that i dun want to   my mum always forces me to do things that i dun want to do em ...................
Why do I always have to open so many tabs in firefox?! 
Why do I always insit on wearing these shoes when I know they hurt my feet 
Why do I always leave myself with like 15 mins to get ready? 
Why do I always miss the important texts? Gahh and it was from someone I'd least expect too 
Why do i always sneeze right after i finish my make-up? Mascara now everywhere 
Why do I always watch scary things before bed?? 
Why do I aways get stuck making the golf ball pyramids?! They're always crooked anyway 
why do i crave fatty foods every night!?  i NEED ice cream people.  
Why do I do it to myself! I should have never watched this movie! 
Why do I do so much on-call?  I really fancy going out and getting rat-arsed, but I can't 
why do i do this to myself? 
why do i drink coffee when i know i'm allergic to caffiene? not feelin so  hot 
WHY DO I EAT SO MUCH.  GR. I FEEL ILL
Why do I even bother 
Why do i even bother ? 
why do i even bother anymore? Everyone is makin me feel like im a waste of space 
Why do i even force myself out of bed every morning. 
Why do I even keep so much shit music on my ipod? 
WHY DO I EVEN TRY... WHEN DEEP DOWN INSIDE I KNO THERE PAIN ON THE OTHER SIDE 
why do I feel ill now? I feel like all my energy got drained from my body  ... damn I gotta go to Berlin tomorrow
why do i feel like &quot;OMG I'm up so damned early&quot; when it's almost eight. I need to figure out why I&quot;m sick!  /pout
Why do I feel like I'm being replaced?  Agh. Nvm. Idec.
Why do I feel like I'm gonna pass out today?! 
Why do I feel like the night of my bday is gonna suck? No one is excited 
Why do I feel sick all the time? 
Why do i feel so depressed right now?  I feel like ripping my hair out and screaming.
Why do i feel so empty 
Why do I feel so hungover, I only had a couple of pints last night! Unacceptable 
why do i feel so lonely 
Why do I get my feelings hurt so easily?  having an awful week. I wish I was w my fam.
Watching my brother Sule on the Tyra Banks show..I think he is gonna have her in tears 
Watching my brothers game their losing 6 to 1 
watching my dog skip! such a sad movie 
watching my dvd on 8 simple rules when paul (john ritter i think that is right) died   i loved that show!!
Watching my favourite Big Brother non housemate, Angel crying in the diary room. I'll be loath to watch if she goes. 
Watching my friend Erik play Punch Out on our Wii. I wish more people came to my birthday  Al forgot to mention it, and my phones dead.
Watching my girl's graduation streamed life from Ryerson University in Toronto! I wish I was there 
Watching my little bro get his HS diploma!  remembering the little stripy suit he wore when he was 2! Now he is a punk.
watching my pens lose and watching the cavs lose, what a  fun sat night  
watching my sanity slip by... not good 
Watching my sister and Mariela pack.... 
Watching my son kill werewolves..... Ooo-eee!!  Werewolves scare me..... 
Watching my Syreeta sleep as usual. She kinda upset w/me  tryna find sumthin to watch on t.v
why do i get so angry when i read her status? 
why do i go on the laura ashley website, make a big basket of stuff i cant afford then close it  haha waste of time much.
Why do i hate my irl friends so much? 
Why do i have a bruise on my forehead 
why do i have a feeling this song wont be played this summer?!  i'm gonna cry if its not! ha i neeeed to hear it.
Why do I have a months washing and ironing when we have only been away a few days 
why do i have a sore throat  saturday is gonna be radd  @jazperabellera @stormvincent @abhorredlife @monicatvu @trracy
why do i have a stomach ache?  fml
why do i have another headache 
Why do I have bad ass bags under my eyes 
why do i have bruises everywhere this morning 
Why do I have little to no wifi at my dads house? 
Why do I have no followers??  
Why do I have odd body proportions?  
why do i have school tomorrow? and i have to run the mile for gymmmm. wtfff! 
Why do I have so many problems changing a profile pic on twitter? File type and size are correct. 
Why do I have so many problems with direct messages? I cant get to them, EVER! Please dont think I am ignoring u if I dont respond 
Why do I have so much paper in this paperless world  ?
Why do i have such boring things to do when its so sunny 
Why do I have that annoying Pink song stuck in my head 
Why do I have these two ~5 year old Staind songs stuck in my head? They're so freaking good, but I wish 'Epiphany' wasn't so depressing. 
why do I have to be allergic to mangos? 
why do i have to be ill on a sunny day tis not fair 
Why do i have to be such a idiot. 
why do i have to get a cold now 
why do i have to go back to school tomorrow?? 
why do i have to go to the sitty job more often than the nice one 
why do i have to like all 3 of them? 
Why do i have to open 
Why do I have to work and do things this weekend. Life is so stressful. I just wanna lie in bed with my computer and my hand 
Why do i have to work today? 
Why do I have ugly bangs todayyy! 
Why do i keep biting my lip? Has it grown? It hurts 
why do i keep feeling like thissss? don't want to be ill 
Why do I keep findng dog toys?! We don't even own a dog! Sadly 
why do I keep having horrible dreams that make me wake up crying?  someone stop these dreams kthnxbi
Why do I keep looking...I know that what I read is gonna hurt but I still look! I guess it's just a girl thing &amp; I need to get over him. 
why do i keep losing 
Why do I keep missing Cinema Bizarre chats at cherrytree?? Damnit. Today it was Romeo.  
why do i keep waking up this early its 1027am i should still be in bed 
watching my teams game! (: and its loosing 
watching my videos from @simpleplan 's concert and just realized how i freak love and miss this 5 guys 
Watching my younger cousins playing new electronic uno, why does the world bastardize my childhood games 
Watching Nadal loose in the French open.  I was hoping to see his 5th straight win.
Watching naruto and josh stole my fruit snacks 
Watching Naruto Shipuuden . I'm so behind !! 
Watching NBA games from 3 am is getting harder and harder every year.I have fallen asleep short before the game has ended 
Watching NCIS and wishing i could call Ian and ask him to analyze everything that's happening.  stupid vacations.
Watching neds declassified school survival guide  Awsomest show ever for life  Love it I miss new episodes 
watching never been kissed it seriousily makes me wanna cry  how can people be soo mean :,(
Watching Never mind the buzzcocks, so funny! getting tired! 
watching new show called the phone, and last w3eek they called my hubby, but he missed the call   #thegreenteen
Watching new True Blood all illegal like but great as always. Why is Lafeyette in this cellar place? 
watching new york goes to work, I don't wanna go to practicee tommorow, 
watching newmoon offficial trailer!!!!that's really awesome!!!can't wait to see this movie.. ASAP !!!! Huhuhuuhuhuuu .. 
watching newport harbor marathon&lt;3 stilll siiick 
Watching nicole play sims,wishing I could play. Sad face 
Watching night at the museum with @marcuselzey. Trying to spend as much time as possible with him until tomorrow. 
Why do I keep working for places that DON'T do the Cycle2Work scheme. 15% disc at Halfauds is good enough. 
why do I keep yawning? 
why do i like vampires so much? 
Why do i listen to carrie underwoods song &quot;i told ya so&quot; on repeat? 
why do I live in Glasgow??? I want to go to Vancouver right now, as in right this minute and have starbucks on Robson 
Why do I live my life holding my camera about 2 degrees off of the horizon? Thank god for arbitrary image rotation. 
why do I live so rural with such a meager internet connection when I actually don't live THAT rural? where is my highspeed cable? 
Why do I look at puppies online when I know I will never get one. they are CUTE though.  No time  for the work of a dog though 
why do i love the name corduroy? hahahahah...i wish my name was corduroy!!! 
Why do I miss her so much?  Agh! I wish I was there... Things would be different.
Why do I never hear about the Atlanta Indie Music Festival till Late?????  I wanted to perform BOO HOO!!!
why do i never seem to get a lie in anymore? 
why do i no longer wash my hair? 
Why do I only fall for the ones who don't fall back.. &lt;/3 
Why do I order so much stuff 
Why do I procrastinate ? 
why do i still care? i should be happy with my life right now (and i am dont get me wrong) but i still feel hurt and a lil broken 
why do I sweat more often now?! I just took a bath! Man...... I'm gonna be freakin' stinky soon! 
Why do I think I have fucked up the most precious thing in my life......... 
Why do I wake up at 5am on Sundays? 
Why do kids always get sick on deadline week?  Oh the joys...I'm sure it's because I threatened to hit the beach this morning.  
Why do mi people love having so much water? it just ruins everything!  i wanted to go to that concert for months!! oh well i get to se ...
why do MMO's take up so much space 
Why do mondays always feel so much longer than other days even though we get out early? probably because we have all our classes  ugh
Why do Mondays suck so bad? Projects look bigger and resources smaller 
Why do my @replies show up Facebook? Also, why has my evernote crashed 
why do my teeth insist on falling apart 
why do my updates come up twice, please someone tell what I'm doing wrong 
Watching night at the museum with my sister. And ignoring someone. I feel bad but he is getting way clingy 
Watching Nintendo's E3 spot. So far, sucks. 
Watching Nitro Circus on mtv and cooking dinner. Sunday is my catch up day. Chores and stuff. 
watching No Country for Old Men....poor puppy 
Watching 'Noah And The Whale', wishing I had someone to cuddle up with 
watching non-stop re-runs of #TopGear on BBC Knowledge and getting even more bored then before 
Watching nursery rhymes on youtube..thats the sad story of my Saturday Night 
watching NYminute athome ;; myFamz ditched 
Watching old episodes of 90210 because there is no sun 
watching old stacie orrico music videos..the direction that girl is headed, since she went mainstream  such talent
watching old videos of dance team and such... makes me miss it  
watching one of my favorite episodes of @vivalavicodin and wondering why I can't give him a lap dance like that. 
watching one of those strange quiz shows but i cant be botherd to get the remote from other side of room 
watching One Tree Hill season 5 (best season) .. ahh one hour just isn't enough 
Watching Open Season 2 - and so far I do not approve! They're having a RABBIT fight.. who would throw a cute little rabbit  I'm sad now
watching oprah's show the about bullies n the 2 boys who killed thr self cuz of that 
Why do NICK has to repeat every single Spongbob episode hundreds and thousand times 
why do numbers worry me so? 
Why do others think that I matter more than I? 
why do people always do things that change stuff without telling you  annoying
Why do people always have to leave? 
Why do people eat rabbits?  :|
why do people hate the JB? i just don't understand 
why do people have to be so out of order  *cries*
Why do people insist of giving all ASP.NET controls ID tags, eventhough they is not used in code-behind? It clutters the HTML. 
Why do people keeping following me on twitter? 
why do people like being mean to me 
Why do people make fun of other people who listen to Foo Fighters? 
Why do people make such a big deal about fathers day? People are inconsiderate 
why do people not just try to understand instead of getting pissed off  when someone needs you, its cause they love you...
why do people say one thing but then do the complete opposite? it makes me feel a) worthless, b) like i'm wasting my time, and c) stupid 
Why do people waste so much time, energy &amp; $ trying to take away other people's happiness? I do not understand. 
Why do people with gnat sized brainns exist  Ugh! But hot corn in butter ROCKS!
Why do poor college students never have good food around the house? 
why do porn stars keep following me  plz stop.
why do ppl hate being called for jury duty? im excited for it yet ive never been called  @eshenayo @klr7626
Why do random women  who are &quot;hot hot hot&quot; feel the need to follow me? Spam on twitter 
why do restaurants suck so much?  also, Ed and Al's dad's characterization (still catching up on FMA manga) not at all what I thought!
Why do scary things happen to me all the time 
Why do SLRs have to be so expensive?  http://plurk.com/p/12b83i
Why do smoke alarms start the low battery warning beeping always early in the morning?  #fb
Why do so many bad things happen to grown ups 
WHY do so many guys tell me &quot;I have a 12 inch hardon here for you baby&quot; YEAH RIGHT is that really what they think turns women on?! 
why do some friends seem to drift away from me 
why do some ppl not want to see me 
Why do the birds go on singing why does the sea rush to  shore don't they know its the end of the world cause you don't love me anymore 
Why do the doctors that I choose always take forever?!?!  I hate waiting...it's been 30 mins already 
Why do the Lifetime guy and girl always fall in love in 30 seconds! 
why do the loud drunk guys always stand beside me 
why do the people u want to cmnt u bak never reply bak    im still waiting even though its been weeks plz dnt keep me waiting any longer
Why do they always have to show make out scenes with very handsome guys! It isn't fair! So lonely...  Oh well, I'll find one someday.
watching OTH.. getting tired of it 
Watching other people eat cookies...   I want a cookie 2...   
Watching Ozzy Osbourne sing Assassin by Muse on guitar hero is kinda funny. Yeah I'm bored. Fark you! Uneventful Saturday night 
watching p.s. i love you ..i feel so bad for hilary swank 
Watching P.S. I Love You by myself... I can't wait to be out of this apartment. 
watching parker make a fool of himself http://www.blogtv.com/people/parker221 NICK...YOU NEED TO GET ON! 
Watching peacocks in our garden, camera set to video and missed great pic opportunity 
Watching Pee Wee's Big Adventure with the Kids. RIP Phil Hartman 
Watching Penelope and wondering why anyone would think it was a good idea to cast James McAvoy and have him fake an American accent.  
Watching people play Big Buck Safari. This games makes me sad.  bar hopping on the lower eastside.
watching phil taylor in darts final then goin to bed as work in morn   
Watching Pirates 3 just now still sent chills through my body. I felt like it was junior year again. Pirates 4 in 2012 can't come sooner 
Watching Pirates of the Caribbean : At World's End. My head aches from watching sitting on the floor. 
Watching pocahontas.. I still love cartoon..hiks..makes me wanna cry all the time 
Watching pokemon and hungry 
Watching Pretty Woman alone  Keith and Louie are at Michaels for the night
why do they make @Jonasbrothers cds so hard to get out? I just want to listen to it! Last year I almost broke the cd 
Why do they make your appointments so early and then make you sit in the waiting room for hours?  (via #zenjar )
why do they refuse to put nice things in our vending machine at work? complained about it no end,yet they still give us 5/7 slots of cola 
why do things have to turn out so wrong 
Why do those project reports for school need so many words.. am 700 words short 
why do u make me so happy? feelings are changing, and I'm afraid 
why do we always end up with bloody fog after sun? why can't we just  have the lush weather that everyone else gets to keep? 
Why do we always want what we can't have?! It all sucks! 
why do we as friends not only grow older but also grow apart? 
why do we have a year left on our company mobile contract, want an iphone gs 
Why do we have to discuss bear feeding every day. Yes, I used to watch the bear feeding but I quit. All of the hard core feeders are gone 
Why do we have to gv xams! isn't knowing just enough!..........generations of oppressed students must have felt the same way as I do... 
Why do we have to pay Â£3.40 *on top of* our monthly subscription to watch movies online at Lovefilm? What a waste of time! 
Why do we have to write essays? 
Why do we still develop for IE6 
Why do weekends always go so fast? 
Why do women wear revealing out fits then lok at you to say WHAT!!!! WTF cover up then and i wornt fcuking look at your tits 
Why do you have to be so far away... 
Why do you hurt me? Does it bring you joy to see me cry? You know I love you more then anything and yet u break my heart everyday! 
why do you keep doing this to me 
WHY DO YOU NEVER WANT TO WORK, FOX?! I just want to watch stupid &quot;adult&quot; cartoons. 
Why do you people do this to meee!!! I just want to sleep 
Why do you talk of pizza? I want to have it now and can't get here in Latur.. 
why does  Liane's LFA song make me cry   
Why does @hidanee never respond to my texts? 
why does @MandyyJirouxx get to hang out w/ @asher_book &amp; @wesleyadamquinn &amp; i don't? 
why does @mitchelmusso never reply to mee  he must really hate me :l
Why does battery in smoke alarm always run out during the night! Yawn 
why does bradie never reply back to anything 
Why does break have to end 
Why does bubblegum chapstick have to taste sooo good?!  And why do people feel the need to conform to society...it makes me sick. bleh....
Watching Prison Break The last ep ever.  http://bit.ly/5UZKn
watching private practice (theyre in venice beach) and reminising about my holiday there last year... missing it 
watching private practice, sooooo sad 
watching ps i love you so sad 
watching Pulp Fiction - my fav. film but critically for essay 
Watching Pushing Daisies Season 2 - it's still spectacular. Gutted its cancelled. 
Watching Pushing Daisies. What a good show.  Too good to be gone     #ABC how about as a summer series?
Watching QI on Dave - still quite bored! Not even Adam Davis can cheer me up.  And he's quite funny.
Watching Quantum of Solace. What to do tonight? I have no friends  lol
Watching quarentine and i'm like really scared 
watching random kids programmes, yes, im that bored  :L
Watching Real Housewives of New Jersey after a long day of reorganizing my stuff... sooo much more work ahead of me! 
Watching reality bites alone on a sat nite  so fitting
Watching Recruits. They would have never got thru the interview process let alone be given a gun when I went thru 13 years ago. I'm sad 
watching reno 911, then sleep, then final taking, then home to study bleh 
Watching repeats of Girlfriends!!! I miss this show 
Watching reruns of Kim Possible and Even Stevens reminds me of my childhood LOL...this generation of kids missed out!!! Sorry 
Watching Rescue Me and cleaning the kitchen 
Watching Return To Sleepaway Camp. creepy. 2 1/2 week classes at Bowie tomorrow 
Watching Revolutionary Road...so far, ridiculously stupid... 
watching Riley pack 
Why does class outing falls on that day ? :s I miss 4ED 
Why does counseling have to be so darn costly even for groups...  Unless Chris can get his grant there will be no school next term.
Why does Demetria always have huge life revelations via Twitter after I'm unconscious? I swear..it's like she doesn't want us to bond 
Why does Eden of the East only have 11 episodes. This is saddening okay. 3 more episodes and its finish. 
why does everyone always have to end up leaving... 
why does everyone else think of good #robotpickuplines and i can't  LAME.
why does everyone get dressed last minute? I cant find anyone to take pix 
Why does everyone hate my cat? 
Why does everyone i know but me get to move to the boston area 
why does everyone sing playback at the Comet 
why does everypne stop following me 
Why does everything always fall apart...  
Why does everything go so slow when you need to get stuff done before bed 
why does everything have to come so fast? i dont wanna graduate tomorrow! i want things to slow down! 
why does everything suck and i cant get tickets to the concerts i want to go to 
Why does everywhere have thunder but here 
Why does FB &amp; SPP have to clash? I wanna go for both 
why does god hate me? 
Why does God make life so hard  hate my life sometimes.
why does he always do this...  
why does he have to live 2 hours away its not faiirrr 
why does he have to live so far away 
Why does he make me cry? I don't want it to end like this...i don't want it to end at all. 
why does high skool have to end.... and y so soon?? we're 2 young 2 leave.... some of us arent ready 2 go into the world 
why does it always have to rain on Thursdays 
why does it always rain in manchester.?! Doesnt exactly motivate me for the day.! I wanted to go to the zoo 
why does it always rain on my days off from work? this sucks.  I bet it would get sunny if I was there right now 
why does it ALWAYS take me 20mins to get ready?!!! ugh I really wanted to be girlie today and take an hour  now I have 40mins to do NADA!!
Why does it feel exceptionally cold living in a house as compared to an apartment? 
Why does it feel like it's still a 100degrees?! And why haven't I done any homework? 
why does it gata be so cold 
why does it have to be a subtle and delicate matter? [badly needs to talk to someone  ]
why does it have to be a sunny day when i have to do homework 
Why does it have to be so cold? 
Why does it have to be so nice while I'm at work  nay good '
Why does it have to rain all the time  summer in Florida isn't supposed to be like this
Watching Roland Garros w @caitlinemery @crimsonalizarin @kteb @braydenainzuain @senorjuan can't believe Nadal lost!! 
watching romeo&amp;juliet.  why did leonardo dicaprio have to get old and fat 
watching roni play g-tar hero.. He wont left me play cuz i suck  lol
Watching Royal Pains again. I freaking want to see the Burn Notice premier. I never got to see it. I want to dang it! 
watching russel peter. hahaha... but why oh why internet connection so slow 
Watching rv LOL and I'm getting seasick 
Watching sad story on the news about 41 children killed in a fire at a day care center. 
Watching Sanjaya on &quot;I'm a Celeb Get Me Out....&quot;   he doesn't look innocent anymore 
Watching Save the Last Dance and doing Math Homework 
Watching saw. Yay. Twitter and saw.. guts and social networking. No, I have nothing better to do. 
Watching scary movies alone in the new apartment? Extra terrifying. Tiff was too busy to comfort me to sleep via phone. Ugh! 
Watching scary moving, still very tired 
watching scream 2 and getting a phone call from a random guy asking for mr or mrs mapes and then hanging up is making me wanna be sick 
why does it have to rain all weekend  i need to take photos for class
Why does it have to rain and be cold on my days off 
Why does it have to rain on my birthday? 
Why does it have to rain on my child minding day? No park based yummy mummy fun today 
Why does it have to rain on my parade? Mermaid Parade this Saturday @ Coney Island &amp; Thunder showers with hinder the amount of boobage 
Why does it have to rain sooooooooooo heavy? 
Why does it have to rain today?  Want to go out on my motorbike 
why does it have to rain. it makes my feets so wet and cold 
Why does it hurt so baaaad? Why do I feel sooooo saaaaad? I have to keep watching my boo, lose this game and the just next the saaaame.   
Why does it hurt so baaaad? Why do I feel sooooo saaaaad? I have to keep watching my boo, lose this game and the next just the saaaame.   
why does it hurt so much when u see an Ex boyfriend???? 
Why does it keep cutting off? 
why does it keep saying i cant vote for teen choice awards? 
why does it rain ALL the time? It's ruining my summer  Actually I love the thunderstroms, but I want to go to the pool!
Why does it seem like they have the guys out holding the little ceasar's pizza signs on the hottest days possible?? 
why does it still not say #fb at the end???? i what it 2 
why does it take professors so long to post grades 
Why does it take so long to get a couple of drinks from my Sonic? 
Why does itune annoys me to no end!! why does it get all laggy on when I watch a video that I already downloaded 
why does Lemsip taste so horrible? 
Why does life give you so many problems at once? Raul's mom just found out today that he drinks...  and he's really upset about it...
Why does love always feel like a battlefield?  Goin gettin some water + ice. then washing my hands. got all ink on them from fountain pen 
why does maximum work turn up when you are unwell 
Why does mom keep checking my phone. ITS SO FRICKIN IRRITATING!! plz mom.. I'm not dating anyone.. 
why does monday have to be so far away? i need a doctor nowww. 
Why does my @tweetdeck no longer show in-reply-to links? 
Why does my back hurt like crazy? I hate it 
Why does my back hurt so much today 
Why does my brodder always yell at me for no reason? 
Why does my company insist on buying Europa A4 Notemaker pads? The paper is horrible for fountain pen users  I do like their format though
Why does my CWTS have to be on Mondays 
why does my finger still hurt,even though it's already swollen 
Why does my friday seem like a monday? One more shoot to go and tons of editing work... I was looking forward to assisting @Dustin_Izatt 
Why does my head hurt? 
Why does my life seem like a Seinfield episode? I just got in a fight with a lady at BasknRobbins over sour-sweet-cream! AND NO REFUND!? 
Watching scrubs at 2 in the morning and hating the fact that it's canceled now... 
watching scrubs finale   @Boydian jd reminds me so much of you, naww bambi. meet up with me and g for lunch tomorrow 
Watching Scrubs season 2. Oh I'm gonna miss that show 
watching scrubs, i miss my phone 
Watching seabiscuit wish i could be out riding my horse 
Watching season finale of The Hills bye bye Lauren  won't be watchin anymore...MTV Movie Awards after my night is set...
Watching season finale of The Hills..Aww no more Lauren 
watching secret life by myself. yay 
watching Seven Pounds. alone 
watching sex and the city. its gettting to the worst part where he leaves her at the alter 
Watching Shutter and extremely bummed that Rosie cant stay tonight because of Mummy Elliott 
watching sisterhood of the traveling pants 2 with the family. stupid iTunes wouldn't download the new software today  SYTYCD in 9 minutes!
Watching Slaughtered.  Im scared!
Watching Slumdog &amp; hopig this headache goes - thoughI doubt it will - feels like it's going to be a migraine... 
Watching Slumdog Millionaire for the third time, maybe i should learn how to recite it word for word? bored 
Watching slumdog millionaire. Its so good but sad 
Why does my nose keep plugging up?!I don't have a cold.  had dream my mom was preg &amp; going into labor &amp; her husband didn't know wtf to do.
why does my phone have no service? 
Why does my room have to be the room that wireless internet forgot?!  My PS3 simply won't connect...
why does my Sims 3 crash alllll the time 
Why does my sister have the need to watch junk ALL DAY on the TV?? I miss the peaceful silence 
Why does my son's coach always schedule a practice on Saturday? I'm supposed to be at the gym. 
Why does my stomach hurt so bad  I don't like when it hurts it makes me sad :/
why does my stomach hurt! 
Why does my Twitter profile have a map saying I'm in Bolney? a) I've never been there and b) I never said Twitter could post my location! 
why does my twitter profile pic not work 
Why does my WPF application keeps crashing on my fresh installed Windows XP virtual PC 
Why does my YouTube subscription box hate me? 
why does no one have twiter? 
why does no one listen when you say you dont want to do something 
why does nothing interesting happen in Myrtle...we got good weather and beaches...boo 
Why does our firewall hate Flickr? I can barely upload a couple of files before the connection gets dropped. 
Why does race day have to happen when I'm supposed to b studying  thats just plain mean
why does restaurant city keep on disconnecting??? 
why does san jose have to keep breaking my heart? 
Why does she have to hoover wheb i'm trying to watch scrubs? 
Why does Space Mountain always shut down when I come ? 
Why does Specs have to close at 9pm, when I'm an hour away from it, and come home to NOTHING good in the fridge... 
Why does SS hates me so much, 
why does stik-o have to be chocolate?! 
Why does the angry rebellious High school FD keep trying to take the rest of me over 
why does the beach have to be so far away from atl??    need beach, need beach.
Why does the Boss Loop Station have to cost so much?  
Why does the church choir always sound so bad? 
why does the damn uk visa takes eight weeks...shish.. I cant go on vacations this year 
why does the fear of having a conversation with someone i don't really know paralyze me? I'm so awkward! I hate it 
Why does the heart always want what the heart can't have? 
why does the jb movie have to be more expensive?! 
Why does the needles the space get no repect ever 
why does the one time I want steam to download fast... it goes at snails pace... dam steam 
Why does the PASS Community Connector email newsletter come in 3 column &quot;newspaer&quot; format? This is the most difficult style to read 
why does the radio ruin all the songs you like by over playing them?? 
Watching Smallville really don't like the title song 
Watching Smallville...I wanna dance with my Lana Lang at prom 
watching Snapped and these b!tches are crazy. Though getting lots of ideas. lol kidding I faint at the sight of blood.  lol
watching SNL and missing my little girl 
watching So U think U can dance w/ Alyssa waiting for my Mcflurry. I no feel very well 
Watching softball again. I can't believe the performance U of A is putting up.. 
Watching some Chelsea Lately before I go to sleep. Work early tomorrow morning 
Watching some Jackass with my brother. We are bored and we miss our dirtbikes... Bad. 
Watching some more desperate housewives. So far behind. Ugh. 
Watching some movie. 
Watching some Nazi film. Jut thinking about upcoming graduation !!! I really need a job too 
Watching some old school SNL with Chris Farley. He's the best! They can't even keep a straight face...I miss the guy. 
Watching some stupid movie. I wanna see Cody! Ugh 
watching some tv alone 
Watching someone else work  yawn:0
watching someone elses twilight dvd just isnt the same. i miss mine 
Watching something for the weekend...not feeling to good 
Watching Sonny With A Chance, then Hannah Montana. Yeah, I know, I'm cool. 
watching Southland. Then having a nap.Then back to revision 
Watching Speeders on TruTV and they are in my city. Who knew we had so many hee haws 
Watching spiderman 3. Batmans better. But not on 
Watching Stan sleep...what fun for me 
watching Star Trek ..i just burnt my precious 2 hours 
Watching stuff from the DVR cuz the dish is out 
watching summer of sam at home with @ivyintherough this movie is so sad. anything regarding love and pain..breaks my heart 
watching super sweet 16... wanting to party 
watching swades; what a preachy film 
watching t.v!! nothing else to do 
Watching T.V, wanting to apologize b4 it's too late but not wanting to too soon 
Watching T20 World Cup Final .... SL should win...but looks like that won't happen.... 
Watching Taina on YouTube. I forgot how amazing that show was. Come back old Nickelodeon. 
Watching taken .work at 8 tomorrow 
watching Taken all by myself 
watching TAKEN by myself now 
Watching taxi to the dark side. Yes I am jet lagged can't sleep 
watching Taylor Swift videos from YouTube on my phone.. ain't got shit to do 
watching teasers from splinter cell conviction and assassins creed 2... 10 seconds...  i hope we will see more on the e3....
Watching Television until WOW is back online..... 
watching tennis on tv.  I really want to play 
watching tennis with my mom. andy got his butt kicked. 
Watching that one benjamen button movie. My tummy hurts still 
watching the 3rd harry potter movie because it's on TV.. hahaha soo bored!!! missin' the From Jupiter guys  as well as TWTA guys 
Watching the 65th Ann of Dday at Omaha Beach at the coffee shop. Any commemoration of WWII stuff gets me so messed up. 
watching the AEGON International final in Eastbourne. still cheering for Wozniacki but feel really down 
watching the bacheloretteeeeeeee!  i miss my juanyyy
watching the BBC's 65th anniversary of the D-Day landings.......I miss living in Normandy 
Watching the Beatnation Summit. What the hell is Yamaoka doing to that poor Turn table  #beatmania
Watching the bernie mac show I still can't beleive he is gone 
watching the best week ever and waiting for the nyquil to kick in! *sniffle* 
watching The Biggest Loser on Hallmark. Never fails to make me cry  nyeh.
Watching the Blazers getting their asses kicked 
Watching The Boy In The Striped Pajamas with @ahyden. Its so sad! 
Why does the rain have to come back??    The tans already fading!!! lol
Why does the right side of my heat hurt so much? Ugh. 
Why does the sun always go away when I actually have time to enjoy it 
why does the sun shine on a weekend? - the beach will be crawling with people  - i want a sunny weekday when kiddies are in school
why does the weather have to be so horrible? Lol..otherwise id go somewhre 
Why does the weather say its going to rain!!!!!! 
WHY DOES THE WORLD STILL OPERATE ON WINDOWS? FFS. I just want to listen to the footy 
Why does there always have to be so much noise next door?  Banging, Crashing, Jack Hammering - it never stops 
Why does there have to be wasps 
Why does this gotta happen to us? 
why does this half to be the day ,, the day where i cant stop thinking about you 
Why does this time of day even exist?! I want my bed back 
Why does thunder have to be loud &amp; scary? It makes girls like me scared to sleep.. 
Why does tweetdeck append 'event:' infront of every link? I cant just go to chrome and do 'paste and go' anymore 
Why does TweetDeck no longer minimise down to an inconny thing in Vista.  I have to keep the window open now, it's very unwieldy 
why does twittereana not have a keyboard? I hate tweetie 
Why doesn staying home alone all day make me depressed? I wish my baby was with me 
why doesn't any of friends call me to hangout anymore 
why doesn't anyone come out in this weather  !!!!
Why doesn't anything twilight related come to Houston, we are the 3rd largest city and get nothing. 
why doesn't CSUF have dorms? 
why doesn't firefox warn you when you're closing more than one tab? now my fully loaded veronica mars episode has to start over again 
Why doesn't my job have AC? 
why doesn't my pic post if i put a subject?  samsung touch screen lame?
why doesn't my pic show up when I tweetsearch? 
why doesnt my visual voicemail work on my iphone?! 
why doesnt no one tweet me 
Why doesnt Paul Walker have a twitter 
why doesn't RedBox have Milk? 
Why doesn't she trust me?  I love her.
Why doesn't the &quot;Sign Out&quot; link on the Connect site actually sign me out?! Why have I collected too many different Live ID's! 
why doesn't the A ever run express on the weekend? 
why doesn't the airport have free wifi?all places i could tweet and facebook,this is the one.i'm stuck with my phone's web client 
Why doesn't trafic rules apply to cyclists? Running red lights, ignoring stop signs and give way rights.. don't like this! 
why don't fabs have jokes on the lolly stick anymore? 
Why dont Girls Aloud have twitter  @welovepop
Why don't I ever feel the earthquakes 
why don't i ever know how to say what i mean, and mean what i say.  all i do is get 6 feet under, and think its too shallow!!!!! 
watching The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. this movie is horrible! 
watching the boys play fifa, while playing tower defence games D: still another hour and a half. it's taken for ages 
watching The Brake Up right now.... it's so depressing 
Watching the Brewers bite it. 
Watching the British F1 Grand Prix. Looks like this season is pretty much over for Lewis Hamilton 
Watching The Burbs with #l3ree. I've been slacking on my tweeting lately 
Watching the butterfly effect with Becca, Allie, Zanna and derek. I haaaaate scary movies 
Watching the chronicles of narnia, this makes me want to read the books:/ I rly need to get a library. 
watching the CMT awards, bummed miranda lambert didn't win 
watching the CMT awards. makes me miss Nashville even more 
watching the cubs, and they just gave the lead away... 
Watching the Cubs/Sox game. Man Sox just scored..... 
Watching the dark knight. Had the worst dream 
Watching The Dark Knight. I miss Heath Ledger 
watching the devil wears prada. its making me feel fat.  but thats ok. i like miranda preisley. she's a badass.
Watching the discovery channel and it's making me jealous. Most amazing places that I doubt I'll ever get to see. 
Watching the discovery channel and literally crying because of the polar bears. Its just so sad! 
Watching the discovery channel.. Back to my old boring self. No sushi or shopping lol I miss erica. 
why don't i feel any excitement for the opening of our class? Now i feel that the College Life welcomes me... 
Why don't i get updates on my phone? Help 
why don't I have a headshot or my background??? 
Why don't I have Â£749 for a Macbook? 
why don't i have more followers? 
why dont i have Pretty Woman on DVD 
Why don't I like Sundays?????  Because they come before Mondays 
why don't i show up as a follower on someone eleses page?? 
why don't many people have twitttttter ? 
Why don't more people join twitter?  I guess we need to start recruiting.
Why don't my distribution certificates/provisions work?  î??
Why don't my dreams about McFly ever come true? 
WHY DONT PEOPLE STOP ME FROM DRINKING TO MUCH.. my head is in pain 
why dont ppl use webex for training? would make life a hell of alot easier rather than having to guess which slide their talking abt! 
Why do'nt the have TOPSHOP in the Netherlands, almost start crying !! 
Why dont you believe me?? 
why don't you live closer? ...  I get to see u soon though.
Why don't you make me feel like you used to 
why don't you reply to texts? 
why dont you told me? wish I were at the hurricane.. 
why fred its so damn freacking funny?  i wanna be like him 
why get peanut butter with the chunks? 
why get_custom_valuses dont work? 
why go to a  theater and spend almost  $10 to view a possibly good movie after a 1/2 hour of previews, commercials, + the cell phones 
WHY GOD WHY???? Why am I watching Paris's New BFF??????   
WHY GOD!? I was so ready to go 4 a walk and now its raining 
why has @roxibear left @twitter????? I'm worried sick about her  
why has everyone but me seen the new transformers 
why has gone away  home alone  360 marathon?   
why has knock you down by keri hilson etc became so big?  i pure loved it ages ago, shannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn.
Why has my twitpic been &quot;uploading&quot; for like 10 minutes?  lol
why has the weather turned like this  it has i cnt beleive it   sorry i made a typin  mistake
why has this client bug not been fixed yet?  I actually got quite into twitter clients haaaa
Why has this evening felt like a Sunday evening to me? Also, because @tommcfly mentioned cider, I now want a strawberry cider 
Why has This week been so painful for me. Its just like i get no help from no one anymore 
why hasn't he called? where have he been? I NEED ANSWERS NOW 
Why hath thy no Triffids in HMV??? 
Watching the Dodgers game on TV.  Would much rather be there live. Too bad it won't be baseball season when I go home at Christmas. 
watching the epic wimbledon final match from last year...... sadly Nadal wont be in the running this year 
Watching the Fashion Show (BravoTV). I didn't know this show existed! Ha-ha. Craving steak, pancakes and mashed potatoes. Ugghh. 
Watching the final Tonight Show with Jay Leno.  Sad!!! 
Watching the finale if The Hills online. It's sad that it's over 
Watching the fire works from work. How depressing. 
watching the First 48 until i get sleepy!! Nothing special to do tomorrow!! 
Watching the first 48 waiting for Cassie.  Aidan crying. I think his tummy hurts!!!!  
Watching the first eviction show of #bb10. Beinazir better not go tonight 
Watching the first two episodes of Tru Blood on Blu-ray! Would watch more but that is all Netflix sent me 
Watching the fog thicken outside the window. I hate driving in that dense fog. It's ok in the city but when I get out to the boonies ... 
Watching the football, oh dear! Arsenal are having a bad day again. 4-1 down at home! that has got to hurt big time 
Watching the free movie for free-no popcorn or drinks. @bobbyreed will be so proud! Last week it cost us $18.50. 
Why have I been sick so long? 
why have i still not eaten dinner!? 
Why have I yet to buy more hayfever medication?! I don't know which is worse: the sneezing fits or the sore, irritated eyes. 
Why have IMG Spark's servers been pretty much down for like a week? Really annoying. 
Why have there been no interesting tweets today?  
Why haven't I gotten the new jeans I ordered yet?? I want to wear them tommorrow 
why haven't i received a shipment notification yet apple? i want my iphone 
Why haven't I seen X-Men yet? Smh 
WHY HAVEN'T THE SHIPPED MY FUCKING LUSH RUG? @JACKALLTIMELOW I ORDERED IT 48 HOURS AGO. FUUUUUUCK. 
Why haven't they invented teleporters yet 
why he suddenly has no time? and a girlfriend is it too stressful? this is the worst weekend of all times. I feel so empty, so dead. 
why heavens ta weather has been so flaky  rain then sun then dizzles, now thunder?
Why I always emerse myself in old things when I'm depressed I will never know. I need to write so bad, but I have to sleep. 
Why I am becoming lazy 
Why I am not like them?   .. it's so interessting. I think we'll be good friends. 
Why I am so cold right now?!? Ugh, I just can't seem to get warm 
why I can hear it's &quot;just&quot; 86Â°F ?.........noooo it's 91.5Â°F 
why I can't change my picture at Twitter?? 
why i can't go! jumm! i'm so sad and angry! i wanna go to the movies! i hate when my mom does it! ah! 
why i can't put a photo profile  snif snif
Why I don't watch the weather forecast before I went home?! Here is it cold and rainy and I thought It will be warm. 
why I feel boring in here 
why I love so much, why your make me smile all the time? why your so special but i cant have u  ? I get scared to try.
Why I should be sad ? Huhuuhuhuhhuuhu 
Why iit is always rainning this week 
why im not sleeping  !!
Why I'm so bored 
Why I'm so lazy to work out?? Me gaining weight again 
why in 1492 did we sent all our good looking people over to america, the genes have carried though 
Why in the hell did I wake up at 6am on a Sunday?  
Why in the hell has bacon and eggs not cured my hangover 
Why in the hell was I awake at 6am on a Sunday 
Why in the love of ASS does it take so long to upload a video on youtube?!?! It's gayyyyy 
Why in the world are tricksters thriving happily ... from one victim to another ... I was conned!  
Why in the world would ESPN not switch to the Sounders game in Washington State, because College World Series is in extra innings? 
Watching the French Open, go Serena! I really wish it was tennis season now. 
Watching the game and getting dressed...not feeling too hot 
Watching the game on YouTube.  they need to come out with their DVD series already. Fuckin havin to wait for this shit to load lol
watching the game with my dad. have to work tomorrow 
Watching the game with that gucci n juiceman blasting Brrr Aye!! @GeeEasy u not watching this..cavs is not doing it..yur teams are not it 
watching the game.  But I'm indifferent to the winner b/c they're not the Nuggs! 
Watching the Girl Alert episode of NA for the first time. Do I really have a lisp? And say 'like' that often? I am embarrassed... 
watching the girls next door... its a sad episode 
watching the Greys Anatomy finale. So so sad 
Watching The Grinch with Brooklyn. I need more coffee but there isn't any here 
Watching the hailstones and listening to the thunder 
watching the hangover with sore gums 
Watching the hills finale   then the mtv movie awards shower &amp; bed.
Why in the world, DHL has to brake my packages in United Kingdom and France and not in other countries. I can't really understand ! 
Why iphones should have a copy &amp; paste: sometimes I get messages in Spanish &amp; need to plug words into my translator app. Copy &amp; paste 
why is @serenaamadea not replying my tweets? 
WHY IS @troublecaron LEAVING ME!!!!!!!! 
Why is 1a not around today?  dont u know im codependant!
Why is Ala looking up &amp; staring at me funny? Wah! Stop it! I can't carry or cuddle you, I'm in my white uniform already. 
Why is being at my dads so awkward? There's all there rich people talking about fancy holidays and business. I want to go home 
why is dasha so bad tempered? she's always picking on peggy-rose. she upsets me a lot sometimes 
Why is disneyland blocked off in July?! The entire thing is in red. I guess tomorrow is my last day to go 
Why is doing the 'right' thing so often the hardest?? 
why is every box showing a + except mishas????  im voting for you misha in spirit at min cos its not working 
Why is every woman I take out viewing pregnant?  I wanna baby!!!
why is everybody offline in my live messenger  i wanna talk to someone...if anyone from the echelon have plz add me: music47ell@live.com..
Why is everyone breaking up these days?  I'm thankful for my relationship 
why is everyone else getting tons of subscribers, while i work so hard to get some, and i get like 2 a day 
Why is everyone so lucky in love..when am I going to have my turn! 
Why is everyone's immediate reaction to me getting a ticket laughter?!  dee(:
Why is everyone's twitter pictures green? Being at camp keeps me out of the twitter loop, 
Why is everything biting me?  First the hamster, now the cat 
why is everything else free on the nhs but not dental treatment.  I have to get a loan to be able to afford to go!  
Why is everything going wrong? 
why is everywhere so horrifically expensive when you're unemployed?  sigh.
Why is facebook so slow tonight? 
why is fb not working for me? 
why is getting ready such an effort when you don't want to go out? 
why is he ignoring me ???      x
Why is iPhone 3.0 not here yet? 
Why is it 10min too late? No more uncertainly but back to old routine work.  - http://tweet.sg
why is it 230 already!!!  goooodnight
why is it 85ï¿½? thats too hot! i took like 4 showers today 
Why is it already 11 PM? 
Why is it always so windy?! The basketball net fell on my car this morning 
Why is it always the case that everything to be done always turns up at 15:53? 
Why is it cloudy outside? there hasnt been enough sun lately  â˜¼
Why is it do difficult to move from dev to beta to full versions of Chrome?  Dev still cashing, given up with it, using Firefox Beta 3.5
Why is it doing that? 
Watching the hills finale  then the mtv movie awards shower bed &amp; school, its going to be a long night.
watching the hills finale! bye bye lauren 
Watching the hills finale! i'm gonna misss you LC 
Watching the hills finale. @laurenconrad last episode.   how sad. But she looks gorgeous
watching the hills finally! gunna miss @LaurenConrad 
watching the hills finally.. so sad to see lauren go  haha damn you reality tv haha
watching the hills for the last time! boooo 
watching the hills season 5 finale 
Watching The Hills season finale. It's Lauren Conrad's last episode ever 
watching the hills with a mochachino. so sleepy, couldnt sleep last night at all 
watching the hills, ready to cry my eyes out, i don't want lauren to leave 
watching The History Boys.... alone  I have nothing else to do!
Watching the hockey game with Ds fam. I want salt and vinegar chips soooo baaaddd. But I'll be strong. 
watching the hogs game with kristin! then (attempting) studying 
watching the huge pine tree across the street get cut down 
Watching the IRL at Texas Motor Speedway. EJ Viso and Graham Rahal got tangled up and took out Milka Duno. Graham's having a bad year. 
watching the jade goody programme on e4  aww
watching the jobros live chat .. not live though  haha.
Watching the Jon and Kate Plus 8 episode I missed last week....New episode tonight at 9 , and hopefully they don't announce a divorce 
Why is it even the most straight forward of things take 10 times longer than you expect ...just not enough hours in the day 
Why is it every time I eat something my teeth hurt..!! Soooo painful I have to bite on something..!!! Owiie 
why is it every time i get on a plane i get kicked out!  so not funny 
Why is it every time I'm around someone they suck the joy right out of me 
Why is it everyone calls about the horse I just took off the market? *sigh* Sophia hates me--I am the evil needle-bearing human. 
Why is it everytime I am on the bus I am the only on that gets sick and by sick I mean the SICK!! Ahhhh this sucks I feel so bad!  help!
Why is it everytime I'm at ranch something catches fire 
Why is it hard f0r this person to understand?!? lord, i got bored expaining!!! AaaaaaaaaaaH 
Why is it I feel unwell at the weekend when the sun is shining? 
Why is it impossible to find an appropriate dress for a wedding, when you have long legs!?They only reach my thighs? WHY?  ARGH!
Why is it it's not as nice today but my hay fever is really badass  there's no justice !!!!!
Why is it just hitting me that I am done with college!?!? I will no longer have the choice of blowing off an entire day...tear tear..  
Why is it no one makes gluten free noodles?  Spaghetti yes but never noodles. 
Why is it not friday? It feels like friday so much 
Why is it not the weekend again? 
Why is it only half 3 
Why is it raining outside, does someone really hate me, i've only just put the washing out 
Why is it raining so hard? 
why is it raining...? 
Why is it raining?!! Rain ruins everything.  Always.
Why is it s0o0ooo UgLy 0utside? 
why is it so &quot;cold&quot; out it was promising this morning that it would be warm.     
why is it so cloudy outside when i get home 
why is it so cold in the morning in april in houston 
WHY IS IT SO COLD OUT IN THE MIDDLE OF MAY?!?! And why am I shivering in the middle of a football stadium for work? 
WHY is it so cold. It must be like 12 degrees or something. I got caught in a hailstorm yesterday. HAIL. LITTLE BALLS OF ICE 
why is it so complicated to find a good guy 
Why is it so dark outside? 
Why is it so difficult to prepare burgers in burger mania?  i always fail! diner dash is way easier and more fun to play. haha!
why is it so freaking hot in my room?  
Why is it so hard 2 move on?? I need 2 learn how 2 let go! 
Why is it so hard to catch up on sleep?!? I swear my body is just going to give up on me soon 
why is it so hard to find bradley cooper icons 
why is it so hard to find good house events in the Sacramento area? 
why is it so hard to find online what daycares are hiring in my city 
Why is it so hard to get motivated to get out the door early when you need to the most.  All I want is to go back to bed.  
Why is it so hard to tell the truth to the persons you truly love?? 
why is it so hot in my room? 
watching the laker game with my daddy before he leaves for the summer  go KoBe!
Watching the lakers parade at home 
watching the last episode ever of Boston legal 
watching the last episode of 'The Hills' 
Watching the last eppisode ever of Lipstick Jungle. Love how the show got cancelled. Thanks you TV people 
Watching the last ever ER. My fave show ever has come to an end 
Watching the last few episodes of Prison Break   Cnt believe its over
Watching the latest 90210 ep online. Also am in the hospital with my mom watching my grandpa die! 
watching the lion king 2..  My foot hurts and I just want to go for a walk 
Watching the logies. Cannot move from today 
Watching the match.... can't believe this is happening .... 
Watching the Matrix in RE. Never seen it before and everyone's talking 
watching the mc hammer reality show about to fall asleep. Wish I didn't have to work in the morning 
Watching the Mets game and working on a paper about programming languages.  Feeling quite sick as well 
watching the most scariest movie, all by myself. need a hug 
watching the movie HAIR and finishing my last coffee  seriously there's no need for sleep with the invention of coffee
why is it so hot out...it's night time... omg, i can not sleep. 
why is it so hot outside  oh i also hate car paint. Times ten.
WHY is it SO hot today 
Why is it so hot today??  
Why is it so impossible to find white 1/4&quot; grommets? Also, the tiny &quot;craft&quot; section in the new Walmart sucks. It's only one aisle. 
Why is it so impossible to get an egg cream here??? People look at me like I have 8 heads when I try to explain 
Why is it so pissing hard to hammer a nail in a wall!? I've ran out of nails, they're all bent 
why is it soo cold?  remembering summerdays 
Why is it soooo cold &amp; ugly out?? 
Why is it soooo cold in NY Still??? 
Why is it sooooo HOT? 
why is it stormy  I wanted to hang outside for a few more hours
Why is it that &quot;shipping &amp; handleing&quot; are soooo expensive??? It is more than 50% of my entire order! Not ordering yet. 
Why is it that animals feel the need to jump out right before I drive by? 
Why is it that anytime that I plan what do, I get sick and all the plans go out the window. 
Why is it that even a friendship with someone of the opposite sex gets...complicated?   No more drama.
Why is it that every pic with my iphone is loaded up sideways....so frustrating I rotate it and it go back sideways help someone 
Why is it that every time I go to get my hair done, this chick is still workin on someone else??? 
why is it that i always see so many beautiful clothes and shoes when i don't have any money to spend?  
why is it that i cant get none of the celebs i like to talk to me 
Why is it that I have to be passed out tired to head to bed? It's not good. The cats will be chewing my head in 4 hours. 
Why is it that I'm always sick on the weekends? I'm really tired of that  Nap time.. again.
Why is it that my family think that because i work for Virgin Media i know why there services are down 
Why is it that my nail salon is always packed!!!! UGH I have 7 ppl ahead of me 
why is it that my teacher thinks we can finish a whole essay by thursday? fml, im so failing that essay 
Why is it that nice girls always get the shaft? So sick of it. Done. 
Why is it that one negative word is louder than 100 words of praise? I hate that I let myself get off balance so easily 
Why is it that one week before exams I have four tests? That means I have to study basically eight subjects in two weeks. THIS STINKS! 
watching the MTV awards wishing i was cool enough to be there!! 
Watching the mtv movie awards online not on my laptop because my laptop is too OLD!  Blah...  
Watching the MTV Movie Awards since i missed it last night...&amp;plus nothing else to do..im sooo bored @ home 
Watching the mtv movie awards. Then im going to attempt sleep. I have to get up at 6am tomorrow and work 8-4 
Watching the MTX movie awards and worrying about so many people and things 
Watching the nanny before going to bed. 
Watching The Nanny. RIP Ray Charles. 
Watching the new KNightrider on Sky+  Worried to say I'm actually enjoying so far 
watching the new late night show...I want you back Jay Leno 
Watching the New Moon trailer. I dont wanna wait till November 
Watching the new season of 'gene simmons family jewels.' I wish I would have had a sweet 16 party  or a b-day party period, lol
watching the news 
watching the news &amp; hanging out w/my cat, Bella, who's really sick   MAM
Watching the news about day care fire in Mexico is deeply saddening seeing the toddler sized coffins. 
Watching the news this morning and thinking, if we had a moments silence 4 all the worlds violence, the world would b a quiet place. 
Why is it that the one thing I am allergic to outside has the highest pollencast rating for the day? I've been sneezing up a storm! grass 
Why is it that the ones we love the most, are the ones that hurt us the worst? 
Why is it that the only people that call me are bill collectors?? 
why is it that vicky never replies my twitter ?  hix
why is it that when I want to go to sleep I have a song stuck in my head...&quot;mother lover&quot; Its funny but I want sleep 
Why is it that when I'm in athens I'm always so lazy and just want to ball up and sleep all day. Maybe I'm just trying to avoid moving 
Why is it that when I'm the most tired, I can't sleeeeeeep??? 
why is it that when you can't have something u want it soooo badly?! I need sushi in my life, and a smoke.  
Why is it that when you have money to spend there is nothing you want to buy? 
Why is it that when you play free for all on super smash bros brawl, all the lvl 9 computers gang up on you? Im tired of getting owned 
Why is it that whenever I actually get round to going to the bank its a bank holiday 
Why is it that whenever I like to puke, I can't? 
Why is it that you can find a Target on every corner but the time you need one you can't find one  http://myloc.me/4Jcq
Why is it that you pay 99.99 cents at the 99 cent store plus tax? I want to leave with a shiny new penny 
why is it the day i finally get to go to the beach and its all grey outside 
why is it the one person u truly want doesnt want u back 
WHY IS IT THE ONE THAT CAN STOP YOU FROM CRYING IS THE ONE THAT MAKES YOU CRY FIRST!!! 
Why is it when i have 3 adult kids and 2 grand kids, i still get my fathers day card bought and written my my wife?? 
Why is it when I miss a day of school, my class team loses? That is a LOT of pressure. Now I feel bad. 
Why is it when u think life is FINALLY goin you way it knocks you back down           
why is it when you buy XL eggs carefully bring them home one is glue to the carton and breaks when you try to put it away? egg on floor 
Why is it when you finally get time off work you get sick 
Why is it when you know you have a vacation planned it seems to be forever away when its just a few weeks? 
Why is it when you think someone likes you, they don't and actually like two other people, one of whom is your friend. Mood - upset 
why is it when your excited for something then it happen it just SIMPLY blows off 
Why is it whenever I take my truck to #autodetails it rains  #yeg   http://tinyurl.com/mdlfrg
Why is it, that it always seems much warmer/hotter at night...I want it to be winter again 
Why is it, you always lose the receipt of the one item you want to return ? I've been searching for hours 
why is it, you get up early so you dont miss the postman and he still hasnt been by mid-day!?  grrr Postie I need my package to fix my car
Why is iTunes crashing so much?  I think 'll have to buy Terminator Salvation again :\ It crashed in the middle of download.
Watching the news.     Went to a Portland beavers baseball game they lost  
Watching the news. have to go to school later on today. 
Watching the notebook 
watching the notebook .. soo sad 
Watching the notebook before bed,  i miss my boyfriend.
Watching the opening of the first episode of Code Geass and feel like crying 
Watching the original iPhone keynote. I miss Steve 
watching the patriot. RIP heath leadger. 
Watching the Pens losing 4-0 and I am not happy 
watching The Perfume... the poor baby  think the movie is a bit scary... =/
Watching the Phillies to end my weekend. Back to work in the morning 
Watching the Phils lose another 1  
Watching the Pokerstars on TV  Strange the odds of winning these tournaments is now almost considered impossible 
Watching the Price Is Right and I totally overbid by like 200 bucks 
Watching the prison break movie &quot;final break&quot; then it's all finished . Boooo 
Watching the proteas CHOKE 
Watching the pursuit of happyness and wishing I was back in Orlando with Jason 
watching the rain outside 
Why is KBW so hard? 
Why is life so complicated? Could be somethimes easy? hmm 
why is life soooooo full of stress????? omg! so much to do, very little time to do it in 
Why is Love so complicated? 
why is LVaTT a trending topic? haha i know it's the best JB album EVER, but don't you know how much it hurts? i can't buy it today  haha
why is morrisons such a full and depressing place 
Why is msn being gay and not letng me sign on this is outrageing me 
Why is Murphy's Law so true? : Why is Murphy's Law so true?  http://tinyurl.com/lqg6rz
Why is my alarm clock so far away from my bed? 
Why is my bg acting odd like it is?  http://yfrog.com/5ga6up  I never had this problem before. 
why is my collarbone large again? 
Why is my computer such a bitch about yahoo email?!? 
why is my dumb small town out to show me how perfect my small little world is: if you ride your bike in the park everyone's lol at you! 
Why is my foot asleep 
why is my internet being so poo? 
why is my internet so freaking slow! 
why is my laptop so god damn slow 
Why is my life so f***ed up?!  man I hate life right now  x
Why is my msn not working? 
Why is my mum always late to pick me up? This is why i need a car, and a driving license! 
why is my name dialated diatom ?  that's not amazing
why is my new firewall so.. stupid  because of it i can't visit the website i want to visit the most!
Why is my nose still running?! Where does this all come from??  And the sneezing! My customers will think I have swine flu tomorrow. :/
why is my phone not informing me of my DMs &amp; of friend's updates?! I am sooo nice to it and it treats me this way! ugh 
why is my picture not showing unless you click on it???? i just don't get it 
Why is my satellite not working?! curses. 
Why is my shoulder/back hurting so much? 
why is my tv black and white 
Why is my twitpic not uploading my pix??? 
why is my twitter so dead now? 
Why is my twitter stuck on mobile version?  
why is nc so BORING? 
why is nick jonas so cute?  why. why. why. MACY!! MACY JUST CAME!!! KEV/MACY!!!
Why is no one else as excited for this movie as I am. Everyone sucks. 
Why is no one online? 
why is noody tweeting today  im really bored. someone make this exciting!!
WHY IS NORMAL PROFIT A NECESSARY COST OF PRODUCTION. 
why is nothing easy? some stupid thing is blocking a bolt from going in all the way 
Why is nothing working today???  Gah!!!
Why is our toaster sooooo sloooow  Stupid cheap company.
why is pandemonium for the iphone/ipod only available in the US store?  i loved that game 12 years agoï¿½
Watching the real housewives of nj &amp; then going to bed because i dont feel good 
Watching the Red Wings kick butt 
watching the repeats of bb, missed the highlights  even though i know whos up, which is gay
watching the rice and lsu game rice is losing 
watching The Ring. hate the horse dying bit  sad.
Watching The rise and fall of Danity Kane  I'll miss you guys. About to head to bamboozle
watching the rise and fall of danity kane... 
Watching the river rise; our area up four feet in last 24 hours! Likely to be no boating  this month http://tinyurl.com/ArkRiver1 
watching the rock number one countdown on fuse.  and missing my honey 
Watching the season finale of Prison Break, as if the show's cancelled  I guess it has been getting worse with every season! haha
Watching The Simpson. Oh  Homer is gone
watching the simpsons because know one wants to hang with me 
watching the soaps.. tired and bored 
Watching the spam followers flow through 
watching the suite life with tyler lol! after that i have to make my history homework again 
Why is porn following me?  @lsbmibyytr
Why is premiumgas already up to $3.15 a gal.? Not long before we're paying $4 for regular! 
why is raining?!? wtf is like the fall time 
why is red bull the last thing i drank before falling to bed and the first think i drank after waking up?!??!!!! 
Why is revising so dull? I wish i could be more motivated, this exam isnt going to pass itself tomorrow 
why is revision so boring  i just want exams over with. but have 10 till my first exam with the next 2 the following two days its crap 
why is school so dammn bornig!? wanna listen to musik! Paramore &lt;3 - here we go again. i have to learn 
why is shabu-shabu always fully booked? 
why is shotgun jackson's twitter not working 
why is south texas so freakin HOT? im so sunburned i cant move 
why is tca not letting me vote? 
why is that everyone has seen HIM but me?! so close but yet so far 
why is that i always ruin shows for myself... only up to season 4 of one tree hill, yet i watched the final scene of season 6.. 
why is that when my free supertaco pizza arrives all the guests turn up to check in 
Why is the barbers always so packed out? It is not fair, at all 
Why is the closest Starbucks in Exeter? - its tooooooooo far 
why is the college humor show never on anymore? did it get canceled? i liked it 
Why is the connection so slow? because of lunch time? 
why is the dragster always shutdown when i go to Cedar Point? 
WHY IS THE EPISODE BROKEN?! I WANT TO WATCH SAILOR MOON!  I know I'm pathetic and I don't care!
Why is the last hour of the day always the longest?? I'm so ready to leave but the shuttle doesn't head North for another 45 minutes 
why is the latest brothers &amp; sisters ep not on my virgin catch up yet? buggered up my morning 
why is the live access libertyvsun stream not working?! 
Why is the Miley post gone? What happened? I didn't see it 
why is the most appealing stuff so bad for you?? 
why is the OS 3 not available  I want all the new awesomeness!!!
why is the sound so low  #jtv http://justin.tv/g4tv_wiebecam
why is the universe trying me like this....  
why is the weather always bad 
Why is the weather always so nice when exams are coming up... 
why is the weather so nice when yer mean to be studying 
Why is the weekend so short 
Why is the womens bathroom floor ALWAYS wet? Fucking gross 
why is the world so dark to me? I need to get out of here, i need some change, i need new faces and new sights! this is an S. O. S 
Why is the world so fuckt up 
WHY IS THERE A MILE LONG LINE AT STARBUCKS? i just want my coffee 
Why is there always something wrong with me?? Damn toe 
Why is there cooler-than-is-pleasant air coming through my windows? I think from here the weather goes down...   bye bye sun!
Why is there not a bigger buzz around Linked Data at #oai6 ? Hardly mentioned in the conversations I have taken part in. 
Why is there nothing good on tv on Sundays 
Why is there nothing on worth watching after midnight? 
Why is there so much chatter in my room today? I seriously need to write like a maniac. So distracted 
Why is this day taking so long 
why is this guy trying to hog tie my dog 
Why is this happeniiiiing.  
why is this honey and lemon burning my throat? 
why is this keep happening to me? that call's so last minute..  really wanted to experience training at tgif,.
Why is this puppy so cute  poor guy  http://yfrog.com/58v6jij
why is this summer sucking?? so much rain 
why is thunder???? im seeeecareeee 
why is time going by so slowly... sucks to be at work on a Sunday   I need some church in my life!
Why is twitter always worse after they fix it? 
Why is twitter being slow???  hmpf
Why is twitter dead today? 
why is twitterfox not working! i wrote such a big msg but it disappeared 
Why is twittering so much more interesting than writing about eLearning in Further Education?    
why is when it's cold out my knee aches? I hate the cold for that alone. And my legs hurt from last night... grrrrr 
Why is winnipeg cold? It's JUNE! I'm dying to ride my horse. Ugh. Why isn't she still mine? 
why is work internet so slow! 
why is youtube slow...its not fair 
why is youtube so choppy and crappy lately!? 
WHY ISN'T &quot;AWAY WE GO&quot; SHOWING AAAANYWHERE NEAR HERE?? 
WHY ISN'T 4CHAN WORKING 
why isnt anyone down for les deux! guess i'm not going. I havent done ANYTHING all day. I'm sad 
Why isn't anyone replying to me?  I am bored. Please do.
Why isnt Courage the Cowardly Dog on anymore, or for that matter the Powerpuff Girls...I loved those shows  Is that wrong?
Why isn't facebook working ? UGGG . Now i can't reply to anyonee  .
Why isn't Friday's Hollyoaks available for download on 4OD? 
Why isn't it Friday 
Why isn't it Friday today? 
why isn't it saturday yet?? 
why isn't my background working when i am trying to set it up 
Why isn't my phone ringing at all.  miss you man. - http://tweet.sg
why isn't my picture showing upppp! 
Why isn't my twitterberry working properly 
why isn't photobucket working 
Why isn't the car's stereo system plugged in? 
Why isn't there different types of food carts around Melbourne? we are just inundated with bloody Gyros/Souvlaki trucks  http://tr.im/ln2j
WATCHING THE TAYLOR SWIFT VIDEOO! SHE KISSED LUCAS! NOOOOOOOOO! 
watching the telly. not much on 
watching the tennis - Sam Stosur is not playing too well today. 
Watching The Terminal in Geometry. Last day in this class!! 
watching the titanic with ash so sad  my last night in myrtle ready to be home.
Watching the titanic, babysitting, alone, and no one to talk to 
Watching the Today show while @axisofphilippe showers. I am already getting homesick 
Watching the tonight show with jay leno- his last show... So sad  I don't like Conan
watching the tony Awards, work soon 
Watching the Tony's instead of grading 
Watching the Toronto Song Contest...not usually a super-snarky chick, but some of thes performances are making my eyeballs bleed. 
watching The Uninvited in my room. Can't wait to go home. But I have to go to the Deid first. 
watching the universe at historny channel. and talking with my ex girlfriend 
watching the unloved recorded from last night. its sad already 
Watching the USF Football team practice from her building.. I will so miss this job.. 
watching 'the vanishing'.. so disturbing  #trackle
Watching the Victoria Stafford memorial on tv. I should've been there. It's making me cry. So sad... 
Watching the videos I took last night but the sound's rubbish  x
watching the window washers outside my window, you know, because the distraction is too much for me to get any work done. 
watching The Wire season 4. I miss this show. 
Watching 'The worst week of my life'. Love this series. On the last one though 
Watching the Yankees........ WE ARE LOSING TO THE NATIONALS?!!!??!! What!!  I want Jose back!! 
Watching this bat fly around on the concrete in the Earth Fare parking lot.  I think its injured 
Watching this big brother programme. Jade's on it so sad  x
watching this depressing movie with Ryan now 
Watching this horrible game 
watching this laker game hopefully a laker win will help..so bummed right now 
Watching This Morning, planning on getting some more work done  Will do a bit of cleaning...can't wait for Loose Women! Why can't it be..
watching this movie named 2012: Doomsday. Really bad special features. 
watching this movie reminded how dangerous this world can be 
Watching this old school R.O.C. performance at the Tunnel N.Y.C. &lt;&gt; 
watching this Rihanna concert definitely isn't good as it's the one i watched when i was in London. it brings back too many memories. 
Watching Tiger and I think he's gonna miss the cut. Second time in his career in majors. He's not playing very confidently. 
watching Titanic  so sad
watching Titanic and just about to cry 
Watching Titanic, Jack come back  -M
Watching Titanic.  It's so sad. And oh my Leonardo diCaprio!
Watching Titanic. Crap, tears. 
watching titanic...soooo sad... 
Watching TNA on Bravo, looking through my pictures of me at the TNA Event from London. if only I hadn't of closed my eyes with JB... 
watching top chef masters. where is padma? it just isnt the same without her 
watching transformers all cuddled up in my bed...but a little lonely 
Watching Travis-Live in Glasgow and then headed to bed. For 6 hours or less 
Watching Tropic Thunder...and officially became the only person that has NOT seen The Hangover 
watching true blood again. i still dont feel good 
watching True Life: I Hate My Large Breasts. soooooo glad I don't have that prob...I hate surgery 
Watching Tv . . .  Nothing On 
Watching tv and being hyped about go skate day tomorrow....too bad it's the same day as fathers day  still going skating
Watching tv and hanging out at my daddys house...I don't feel good still! 
watching TV and trying not to cry 
Watching tv bored 
watching tv even though I should be studying  I can't help it!
Watching tv how boring 
Watching tv then going to sleep. Work tomorrow 
Watching tv with miss madre.  Someone save me. ;)
watching tv wrapped up in my blanket feeling sorry for myself 
watching tv! graduation was last night  bitter sweet
watching tv!! Really tired 
watching tv, Boreeeeeeeeed... 
Watching tv, getting sleep. Summer school tmr  Not feelin my best right now, for some reason.
Watching TV. Viking soln not yet for me 
Watching Twilight again. Has been paused for about 20 minutes. 
Watching twilight on my computer cause I don't feel like unpacking and im the only one here 
Watching Twilight trying to make time pass. It goes so slowly when ur not having fun 
watching twilight under the blankets.. so sick 
watching two and a half me and studying, veryy board.. so confused by twitter! 
watching two of my patients die tonight has put me in a funk. one was young.  
Watching UP and it's sad how my parents, brother and i finished all the food and its only the previews right now 
watching uruguay-brazil.. we need a miracle... 
@tommyreyes u can't be dreaming about me. it'll kill our sweet friendship 
@tommyreyes uh yeh I will  why are you so mean to me??
@tommysnare thanks man! haha jerk positive went down the drain  haha
@TommySutch they also don't tip well those golf folks, and ill be serving them ALL day at Croxley's 
@TommyTenney wish I was in BR you all could of come by the house 
@tommytrc I don't think I can be a travel guide.  But, it was all good! Sat outside for lunch yesterday. My nieces love it there...
@tommyv I haven't felt 100% since Saturday (when I bailed on what I'd planned to be Fun Nite 2009). I hope the team plague isn't back. 
@TommyXtopher I agree if that's the case with the photos. Doesn't mean that responsible parties shouldn't b brought to justice though... 
@tomofromearth i'm pisted off  why are you not coming to Argentina?!
@tomoka0013 Do you make them completely from scratch or do you just make the filling &amp; buy the wrappers? I lost my recipe. 
@tomqbui Totally would love to, but it's training week... blackout dates for me. 
@tomricci Aww.  *hugs* I'm praying for you today! xoxo
@TomSau Ergonomically - it's sound. Design - compliments PS3 (maybe even the slim!) but like you said...Grr @ analogue stick!  Oh well! 
@tomsinger according to my text book yes they should definitely know it! I wish they could do my assignment for me.      *brain explodes*
@tomsmithmcse It is quicker,but it F$ck3d up my exchange mail.Had to factory reset to get it working.Grumpy users will call me tomorrow 
@tomsnewwife Don't go yet! I have some questions for you!! 
@tomswenchie  tweeting not a probem - it's the backlog of work  So much to do, so little time. Sal
@tomwhyte1 I don't want you to leave, much fun chatting with you about &quot;politics&quot; , if you leave, you are a part of the politics 
@tomwilllewis cai has hockey i think 
@Tomwilson24 Nope, not yet.  
@tomwisniewski hahahahah  hahahahaha that sucks!!! and yes...Yearbook is an excellent name, see you in August bud. we'll make this happen
@tomwisniewski tom I think if I were gay and you were kinda on the line we would make a great couple! I can only dream to be gay 
@Tomyboombotz It sucked balls, thanks for asking! 
@tomywithrawcash We don't have a garden (sob) so will be cooking them on under the grill  Isn't it beautiful today! 
@tomzer1 ah, thanks--and it only took 8 hours to show up!  AudioBoo is usually reliable. Ah well...
@ton3s @philipnewmannz Yup It's gone off twice tonight. 
@tondekker unfortunately youtube films don't stop you getting pissed wet through every time you leave the house 
@toneendungu ok done working and ready to hit the pool... Uh wait it's midnight. 
@tonei  *hugs*  I guess they did an MRI this morning and they found a spot on his lung.  That can't be good.
@toneloc8011 aww u wonley???? 
@tonesa I don't know how 
@tonesa smh you're not cedric benson 
@tonetteizon you talking about koks??? 
@tonfue @ben_jarelbo No flirting! We are all friends here!!!!!! Can't we all jsut get along????  Sorry Steve! 
@tonfue LOL- Any time- we get football, baseball, hockey, basketball, tennis... all of it! God maybe I am THAT shallow- I hope not! 
@tonfue you don't love me anymore!  just kidding! Love ya!
@Tongadude  ...u'll get 'em next time!
@Toni_GPB Hush you!  I'm in bed.  Alone  
@Toni_GPB My hair is going to be ginormous from the rain!! LOL 
@toni_xo awww that reallly sucks!! all ur pics and everything  No!!!!
@toni_xo ok fully got unlucky with the rice bubble bar  unlucky guess we will never know
@ToniC813 well that's retarded  but I hope your day goes well....maybe the adrenaline from having a new job will minimize the symptoms 
@tonicate10 Hello! Excellent interview, crappy pic of Adam, from Top 13. BOO! 
@toniestipona I wish I had a DVD too  The soccer part is HILARIOUS! )))
@ToniFerrara Phew.......I am soooooo glad Twitter does not have web cams. I have NO fashion sense 
@ToniFoxx ha ha he would not get me coffee 
@tonightwedance dunno why but i was shy at first even with your mum, couple of drinks later i was fine ;-) lol. i can't get on the net 
@tonightwedance i'm not a loser  aw thats nice, cute actually!
@tonigirl14 Why You Sad  if you sad i sad lol
@toniignacio Its banned  The linkage!  Boo.
@toniiight  How far is LA from you?
@toniixmariee  miss you guys
@tonimarienet work tonight 
@tonimelton Where are you?  I'm up just after 5 and it's daylight!  Midsummer soon...and then the darkness will begin to return.  
@ToniRaquel its the one where jt dies  
@tonitheisen I can not open it 
@toniwithanI No navi 
@tonkskay ohh  no i didnt! i dotn know my number.. i know i suck more.. but tonight im seeing u right...??
@tonnvane That's awful  I'm sorry to hear that!
@tonsii miss you too!! 
@tony_almeida - you had the gun pulled before they came up.  #24
@Tony_Mandarich nope 
@tony666 Why you gotta move NYC before I come see you! 
@TONYA_B I'm sure it was fun I'm at work. 
@tonyadam @oilman just more proof that Microsoft isn't a Mac fan-boy and they're missing a lot of users. 
@tonyadam been there done that. Dead dead dead. Couldn't get it back 
@tonyafathead you are absolutely, positively, 100% correct. Can I come back inside the house now? It's cold in the back yard. 
@TonyaR is it ever sunny there you always seem to be in rain?   you play vball outside?
@tonyblackburn You mean you can't dance like that Tony....you've blown all my illusions now 
@tonyburkejnr no I want the sun back!! I can't wear my shorts now 
@tonycupcakes COME back to nyc, i'm lonely 
@Tonyf9685 i miss u, today , i so busy . haven't time to talk to u, boring  , d u sleep yet
@Tonyf9685 yeah they are pricey 
@TonyGarza i still cant believe he left 
@tonygravato  no I didn't, I wasn't sure because it's a re-furb and then when I checked later it was sold-out, it popped up on wootalyzer
@tonygray I want my Crab Nicholson back... did you take it? 
@tonyhawk coasted thru the White House halls, &amp; in2 the history books 2day: http://bit.ly/JKK2b &quot;No sk8ing in the White House!&quot; 
@tonyhawk I hate outdated GPS software 
@tonyhawk i wanna go to the transworld awards with yoouuu 
@tonyhawk You like disco and not awesome 60's metal/Skatepunk? 
@TonyJEH I thought so.  I still chase the dream of working in video games, haha.
@tonyjoker  there is another show after us. but we'll make it extra amazing!!
@tonylemesmerd and I don't  lol! Good to see you on here again x
@tonylewis: spokane  didn't make it to cda...see u guy tomorrow for sure!
@TonyMaley have to drop parents at airport so beers postponed  brux or leuven will be good though
@tonymatterhorn no ask tony tonite???  http://myloc.me/3YVq
@tonynewquay 25th June only 6 days now 
@TonyPdeLaCouer aww mzan.  But yeah. oSoVikki
@tonyrobbins Wish I could afford an iPhone 
@tonyscottshow Dont u dislike when u have things planned for the day and then..WHAM! They get shut down!  S*D*P* &amp; T*K*K*
@tonyseven, Unfortunately not today. There still is a lot of work to be done. 
@TonyStark1 Really soon actually  we haven't been having a super agreeable morning but such is life.
@Tonysuniverse glad u had a good time.. I haven't missed u on the news since fox is having signal issues I can't get fox news still 
@tonyt787 re-set up yahoo in Iphone settings? yup, but still saying user name or password is wrong 
@tonytharakan hey how does one compress url links? somehow not able to do so.. 
@tonytron its so hard to reply through this lol. but yeah i know  when and what?
@tonyvincent want the cc image search to be RIGHT in the advanced search options, but alas 
@tonywong That's true...but lately, here in Michigan, the police have killed people via Taser Gun.  It just seems like excessive force 
@too_much_boredm nope  I want to move into your basement, but you don't have one yet
@Toobit77 but I dnt have any daily earrings to wear. 
@toodamnninja isn't it a miserable day? Hope your mood improves ... 
@toodamnninja well apparently so! But I haven't 
@toofache Unfortunately I'm pretty sure it's not in the NyQuils either. 
@TOOFASTOOFREAKY guess yur noT!!  
@TOOFASTOOFREAKY Sweeite, why you do that? 
@toofondofbooks UGH, I'm so sorry to hear that.  What a horrible way to end the year 
@toolboa It's a repeat anyways 
@Toolhead_23 I'm sorry, honey.  Just remember that when you're home, you are rewarded for your lousy days. Scarlett's smile, and my..
@toolmantim no worky with JS off 
@toomanydresses I'm in flip flops, cropped jeans and t-shirt in anticipation but the sun is not out  x
@toomanydresses I'm so unmotivated today... 
@TooManyHats hanging out with the family... on our bed... playing deejay.... now DH has his ipod blaring... so I can't play anymore 
@TooManyHats thanks, it's JNerd's job. Ends Jul15th. 
@Toongen without you 
@tooshort55 I wish I was going with ya!   Maybe some other time!
@toosweet4rnr Bonzo  oh, what could've been... if only. still waiting on Jason to fill in.
@TootingJo @emmadawson What? No TootingJo this evening? I has a sad now 
@tootise86 Uh huh. &amp;&amp; what nickname? But he only talks to certain people though I've heard. Like if he doesn't know you he ignores you. 
@topa hee hee, I knew it but I always had &quot;hope&quot;. But I hate the fact that every phone in locked 
@topclasswoo well fine then &gt;.&lt; i wont say ur name &gt;:p next time put who u were talkin to :'( other ppl [like me] get confuzziled 
@topdan Missed yr show today! 
@TopDraftPick Borrow the book from a friend/classmate! Idk about the tee &amp; chicken 
@TopGearNut Ouch 
@tophatdog  Ok i just posted the videos and some pics again on my dogs myspace and mine.
@tophatdog Awww...poor Bailey  Gosh I wish I could help in some way!!Hope you have a good nap though.
@tophatdog Gosh i saw the vid, also saw him after surgery, breaks my heart  is he alright now? xx
@tophatdog I think they like him better than me  cept for my Thor, he's a mama's boy.I'm lucky b/c he also does the laundry &amp; says as
@tophatdog lol! Lucian eats the moths and butterflies. its so sad 
@tophatdog OMG, so sorry to hear that, what happened with ur beagle? 
@tophatdog Poor guy  yeah it should relieve some of his anxiety of being in a strange place with strange smells. Snuggle him good!
@tophatdog Well of course you couldn't leave them behind  Bailey's suffering so much.If it gets much worse what'll you do?! :/
@Topher2882 oh yikes!  That sucks culo!  
@topherellis you're not cool. sorry 
@Topherocious 
@Topherocious That makes me sad  I hope the whole FFIV episode isn't lost forever.
@topherocious That really sucks 
@TopherSean that is a disappointment  I saw some footage of the gameplay for poitn lookout on YouTube  Imma see if I can send u da link
@TophMIA yeah!....me too!!... I must b losing my touch! 
@ToplessRobot link doesn't work for me. 
@TopNotchModel08 yeah I got quick nap in. now I gotta go to work 
@topowell Are you watching baseball right now? 
@TopShelfLife yea i thought i was too...but I didnt have anywhere 2 stay 
@toptomato my poor dog has an ear hematoma. They drained 4 syringes of blood. 
@Tor66 lol i agree! Cocktail is OLD tom cruise  study leave is soo boring its too sunny to revise  ps expect a SBM review very soon  x
@Torae I passed out...  - I wish I was there , ill make it up 2 u bout 2 blast &quot;double barrel&quot; all day...
@torapoole Some dogs have also been reported to have smelled cancer. CANCER! Cats appear when they need feeding and disappear for days 
@torehtard hahahaha me too 
@toreo I must have that sign when I'm at work as well 
@toreo lol, I was just talking to @evearoundworld about that song. The beat makes me want to hit up a club 
@toresto Benderrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, uve become untwitted already 
@Tori_Da Aww how annoying I hate it when that happens 
@tori_love me either!   
@Tori_Thompson F'n iPhone spellcheck. Was suppose to say trey SAW kick me sign. 
@Tori5733  You are very missed 
@ToriaJane: Two thirds of Cobra Starfish were ate the airport today. We missed you 
@Toriana I've lost your mobile number  I assume you still have mine so give us a txt!
@TORIANBEAN14 I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@toribell kayyy i have ap world to do  love ya muahhh
@torie007 We missed you!  Going to have to figure out another one to go to.
@torihf my head got so big.    I'm suprised I was able to function so well the next day!
@toriilovesmcfly  aww how comes?  x
@torijanes mmm wow, white magnum, i want one! i'm so far from being physics-savvy it's untrue  and we are pigless...still no inspection! x
@toriletteriello That kinda makes me feel old. I'll be 23 by then. 
@torilovesbradie i know its so shit  thankyou ox
@torilovesbradie lol, its been in my head for about a week now. its too bad u cant come to the vid  x
@torimain give up and photoshop it... or use a ton of hairs and fill hairs until it looks good. It's not easy to make C4D grass look good 
@torisichelski what about me? 
@toriskinner AWH FUCK YOU  you make me sad. NO I WILL NOT STEAL FRONT ROW SEATS WITH YOU ANYMORE :'( lmfao
@toritos my dad passed away a year ago, thanks for that asshole. 
@toritruslow Comet+Natwest conspiring to stop me purchasing a washing machine, no funding for Cai, cookies are invisible 
@torittt oh noooo...we had soooo much fun last year! 
@toriunicorn i was at cinespace too, i didn't see you!! i miss you girl 
@tork55 Night! Sorry i was away 
@torliad aww 
@Torn13 holy shiznee!  thats quite a chunk of time.  the sad thing bout me bein happy is i used to do it all the time last yr.  
@tornadochaser_1 So sad that we can't watch storms together the way we used to do 
@TORNADOHUNT I just watched the weekly forcast on TWC and it looks like ur gonna be bored all week! 
@tornadoliese i am so sorry for your loss. i know all too well what it's like. 
@tornbetweenn Nakain ng globe ung load ko  Gara! Thanks sa info! Bibili ka din ba?
@TorontoEats Stop tempting me with all these pictures  http://twitpic.com/6cf5m looks awesome
@TorontoSymphony Bday is today, am out of town.   Will pass along the message - There's still tickets left to TSO Goes To The Movies! #tso
@torontothumbs They don't need to wow us. They already have our money, and they have a new market of suckers that will buy anything. 
@TorontoViewer That's me buggered then 
@torpasquali franky...  but it was soooo stoopid. stupid stupid stupid. I hate cassie.
@TorrenceG I know... 
@TorrenceG lol I had a photoshoot n harlem.  anything worth youtubing?
@TorrenceG yessssss!!!!  hahahahahaha
@TorreyLaffoon it wasn't either of our day 
@torturousthings I think my mom might kill me if I don't  Not looking forward to it.
@Tory2pt0 Are u serious? Um, I wanna go 
@tosharenae u know I just now found out she's having a boy! All late I know  but I'm excited
@TossyKay where are u? I thought you going to come back. 
@totalfilm Hey guys, any plans for a phone friendly site? I've got a pretty good smartphone but always struggle to load pages 
@totalfrog Awww  *hugs* When I go to Melbourne, I promise to visit and actually show up.
@totalfrog I need one of those! I'm really sick of fires 
@TotalGirlph hi to all the tg ates! is tyra still there? too bad I couldn't go  -gaby
@totaliterin LMAO. what about muy interview 
@totallyapple I hope that doesn't happen to me 
@totallycayla i know how you feel. it hurts to lay down 
@totallyGIO - nkychk! Words are escaping me 
@TotallyM  i know the feeling!! xoxo
@totallyninja  That's no good. I do not approve of headaches. Tell it I said that... maybe it will go away.
@totallystumped The battery dies after a few years.  The later games take power from the system.
@totalrapture I know my mom is going to take me to see it like on Friday or Saturday. And they have it in 3D but you have to pay $3 extra 
@totalrebafan330 i bumped my foot on a table its bruised and throbbin hope nothin is broken 
@Totana its a very long story what happened. ill tell you on monday  x
@TotesChic I got a flat last night 
@TotesChic I haven't been able to update either because I've been in Gettysburg. 
@TotesChic Oh btw ihad ecxema whn I was ur age(24 right?)it went away na fewyrs. nver had it again,although Ido hve rosaeca now  nit sucks
@totesfawkward Oh no! I'm so sorry I wasn't here to protect you! 
@TotesMcGotes well get over here and give me some already  or else were never going to the fair im afraid yammper
@tothepc Thanks but the problem is, I want to save ONLY urls to text file (can use http://tinyurl.com/kmbok9) but manual work .. ah!! 
@totheteeth i forgot to give you my &quot;SKEU&quot; pin 
@ToThink I can't handle days like that... Even chocolate won't help. 
@totobird435 YOU, oh btw i think i left my stuffed dog at your house, can you bring it for me ??? IM DYING WITHOUT HIM!!!! 
@totonicki That's terrible, we just took a stray there a month ago. 
@totoro226 'work' meaning it was a lot of work to see everything there. Noon-8:30! Sorry for the ambiguity. Vacay in paradise ends tmw 
@TotusMel I still need to learn HOW to do split rings...so many patterns i want to try 
@touchcream CASSE TOIIIIII PUTAAAAAAIN 
@touchofdestiny i want it untagged aswell  LMAO x
@ToujoursFrais  upsetting news...reminds me of the time i had to hide my stuffed animals in @tessBK's rm or theyd get thrown away...
@Toulousenessie   what does  mean ?
@ToureX Also: &quot; Unfortunately, Murphy refused the edgiest material offered to him: He'll no longer be playing his idol Richard Pryor...&quot; 
@ToureX try to talk about positive messages Tuesday. I date you LOL. That uc cop news bummed me out 
@tovias hey man, the package is in the mail. I sent it as First class but Post Office says it might not get to you until Tuesday. 
@TowcesterNews that's weird. it's working for me. 
@towiforeal Lol in kettering  all alone...
@Townissnatty i kno hunz i miss u too 
@townsie Neither can I 
@toxicanvas ME TOO bops... 
@toxicast my camera broke 
@ToxicDeath I think I need to be poked again.  can't help myself from the scanning of the interweb.
@ToxicGiggle yeah i am, but not thursday if i do this volunteering 
@ToxicMelvin Yes. And a Lexmark printer  Will stop trying now. It's late, I really should be sleeping 
@toxictinaaa : sorry i was such a bitchy asshole that day... member when we stopped being friends 
@Toya_MPH I know, I miss it too 
@toyabanks 
@toyabanks lol im srry  well not yet at least every1 get sprung n they life once
@toyabanks really? 
@toyaberry can you check if anyone has my name?! Probs been snapped up by a yank 
@toyamarie I was just thinking the same thing... I never take pics anymore 
@ToyaSpringer I HATE packing  I'm going to stone mountain ga
@ToYKillAS U know it? funny  It was a place where I jogged but stadtwald is still better. To late, I've to write it in few hours 
@Toyota_GB_PR It will be a sad day when we see MR2's being scrapped under this scheme leaving a shortage of parts. Prob already happened 
@toywatch aww man I forgot to enter! Is this a weekly thing? I want to win one too! 
@tpham I'm stuck in Downey today, sorry 
@tphantom1 You, however, are an alumni and legally allowed to drink. No fair. 
@TPhil9 I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@tpietruszynski no  we decided against 5* so that we could go 2 more shows
@tplaysbass  Not yet!  I'm  not sure what happened.  It was syncing with my computer and I'm guessing it duplicated my office contacts. 
@tpleeza Waayy easier said than done. 
@tpmrpg yes but its confusing! i guess im just pissed off with life 
@TPO_Hisself I never thought of Congress as a 'systemic risk' I DO NOW! 
@TPPCtv I would totally love that.  I think they would, too.  Alas, it's not to be.  
@tPREME I still haven't seen it yet. 
@tprncss yeah, me too! where is he?  and conan in LA is a little weird, he belongs in new york. i'll cope though.
@TR0se you musta forgot who the king of 2k9 is. . last few times we played I left wit the W and you left wit a frown   &lt;-like so
@tr4c3y I've missed it  it will have to be an iPlayer job!
@Tra_Team_Cullen ermm, i dont think i can see it cause of everyone elses tweets  xx
@traacy I LOVED them too! And no  They left aaages ago! hahaha
@traacy yep i got class  i have to leave soon  saaave mee hahahaha
@TRaBeezy i aint go shoutout.!!! 
@TRaBeezy lol come on. im not special enuff 4 u stop da show 
@TRaBeezy Your page didn't have any music 
@TraceCyrus Can't believe I couldn't get a ticket for Dublin show... been a big fan from Ireland for so long 
@TraceCyrus have a good time for all of here back in the US 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/6lakt - Thanks you made me want a tattoo. 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/73sq6 - was in trinoma the day you had a show. it just wreaks that i wasn't able to watcht it. sad. 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7gslw - SO SEXY TRACE. I love your songs Guys!!! Trace I need you here 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7u1b6 - haha yeah.. europes def not like the states.. i had a big eye opener here 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7w343 - aaaawwweee, sorry u don't have him anymore.  he was precious!
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7w343 - Aww blesss,  xxx
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7w343 - i miss my dog so fucking much too 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7xor6 - the picture won't come up for me 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/8d047 - do u like barcelona? but LA is better!!! I want to go to LA!!! 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/8dgix - I love you 
@TraceCyrus i cant comment the photo  &lt;3 you
@TraceCyrus I love norway. I wanna go to oslo and see you guys live  but it's too far away
@TraceCyrus oh yeah and have a nice time in japan! Im really annoyed that the tickets for shepards bush are sold out  xxx
@TraceCyrus OHMYGOSH. I CAN`T BELIEVE I`M GONNA MISS IT. =(( CAN YOU AT LEAST REPLY TO MEE? 
@tracecyrus Please come home. 
@tracecyrus plz dont fall in love with tokyo and never come home 
@TraceCyrus sweet! and norway loves you!!  man i wish i coulda made it.. first i miss you guys in the Philippines and now here.. 
@TraceCyrus too bad it can't be sonner! 
@TraceCyrus WHY ARE YOU DITCHING SWEDEN  i want to see u guys!!!
@TraceCyrus you are like the coolest person! I live in denmark, but couldn't go to the concert.  so bummed about that.
@TraceCyrus You're going to love Finland! :' ) I'm so sad that I'm not able to go to your concert. 
@traceecyruss your a meanie  no hug for you!
@Tracemace2000 http://twitpic.com/7kefc - I guess not 
@traceydelara LOL! Shoot I had events all wknd &amp; just got back &amp; now I'm EXHAUSTED! But off to work I go  How was your wknd girl?
@TraceyDukes *crying* well ok then... 
@TraceyDukes hate cats 
@TraceyHewins i know  but you're here now ;)xxxxx
@TraceyHewins its ok i guess loadsa coursework 
@TraceyHewins nope its not.  nice to have decent weather tholol. ill risk the burn for the nice weather
@TraceyHewins@chorale oh yeah.spamhughhefnergals   That's no fun is it  Bummer it is 
@TraceyHill me too  but lol @ kristin cavallari being advertised as 'the bitch is back'
@TraceyJ305 magic could've taken it!!!! me sad. 
@traceylien Ok no worries I will speak to Mark, the ed, on Thursday. Haven't heard from Dan since Oct  maybe get a Fasterlouder ed too?
@TraceyMmm  Don't mean to tease, I'm sorry.
@TraceyMmm im drinking champers.... its my bros 21st and im confined to the house.  but mmm pink bubbles!
@TraceyMmm Oh no  More issues with it?
@TraceyMorroll awww. I knew i shouldn't have asked ! Sorry. 
@TraceyMorroll YES thats his name, couldn't think. he is sooo yummy! i miss him  do we think its his baby? i hope so!
@Traceyspacey Indeed they do. Although if we have any more injuries they'll be facing our tea lady at left back in the CL semis 
@traceythatchick i miss your face  come home?
@traceythatchick I'm with you on that one 
@traceytwit84 DAMN you really think so??? I did find a condom in his wallet a few months ago... I guess I'm in denial 
@traciepetro Soooo jealous you're going to Sea World! I was in SD last weekend and no one would go with me 
@TraciKnoppe aww would miss u there, dear! 
@trackle I am ready #trackle but always ending up without luck 
@trackle I did 170 tweets today with #trackle in them  I fail.
@TRACKSTAR1323 thanks 4 the reply man! but beezy never replies 2 me 
@TrackstarGIBSON 
@TrackStarSODMG lmfaoo ! i know right. fuck following . i lost 7 
@tracky_dacks I know but it still makes me upset when I see it 
@TRACTAHPULL @_writersblock_ i missed u crazies.............. 
@TRACTAHPULL I have to confess that I feel a little devastated even though I knew that would happen sooner or later 
@tractorqueen Well at least he told you so you don't have to keep guessing. Right? Sucks though that they couldn't get there 
@Tracy_1303 cuz all us kyte girls have one and i think miss tracy is the only one who hasnt!  lol...anyways hows u? any plans 4 2day?xxx
@tracy_2011 o nice!! i didnt know third degree was in this league?? bt camp...had it 2 weeks ago. not fun. im sorry you have it 
@Tracy_Bishop not funny any more as the whole of Twitter is now laughing at me 
@tracy_detlor I saw that movie.. Its really a good one. And its even more sad to know its a real story.. 
@tracy_loo_who doubtful since it's only 30 min not an hour 
@tracy_nyc I'm gonna guess &amp; say the final four? Because someone read wikipedia once &amp; assumed I knew who they were, &amp; told me...was sad. 
@TracyDempsey iCame, iSaw... iLostmyfreakingiphone...   
@TracyFieldsD@LaaLaa1117 I think we need to form r support group now! There is no way we r going to b able 2 handle a year break 
@tracymacy  thanks hun. My appointment isn't until 2pm but we have to travel an hour to get there. I hope you're feeling better soon 
@TRACYMCGRADY1 Looking forward to seeing you play again man, I read you wont play for the first month, that sucks  How is the injury?
@TracyReneeJones You're not following me. I tried to DM, couldn't. So, &quot;added u all&quot; didn't take. 
@TracySus haha Im still pissed we never found that pool 
@tracytesmer  Oh no! What happened?
@tracytesmer It sounds awful. 
@TradeMarkOnAir see now you make me feel bad!  lol
@tradergav Postage is a biatch between USA &amp; OZ. 
@tradeshowdispla Thanks! I'm upset im going to miss two weeks in a row though. 
@TradingGoddess around here (Tulsa) abt 6 weeks 
@TradingGoddess Sorry for your loss!!  *hugs*  Re: A friend passed away. 
@tradingnothing tortellini and can i have some please, my feet hurt too much to go &amp; get lunch for myself  
@Traelin I cry everytime i see it, even though I know what's going to happen 
@tragedyhatherle Publishers make the author pay for half the cost too. Expensive! Penguin's one for DM was so bad I had to re-do it 
@Tragic_Ent awww   I'm sorry you guys couldn't work it out.
@tragiczka Sorrrry bunny, no more Balcony today  still luv.
@traiinwreckx I can't die!  I'm a vampire.. lol. Besides I cannot die without getting a hug from Novak yet. xD
@TrailerAddict I hope that comes to theaters soon 
@trainable_girl 4  but we can plan something for tomorrow evening? god idk what to do about my phone ugh i hate tmobile so freaking much
@Trainable_Girl i hate having anxiety  haha i have super afraid of vomit. emetophobic. good luck with your interview!
@training_dogs That is so true! Usually the owners need the training not the dog  it's sad but true.
@trainingdaysups hey! Didn't get the chance to say hi  I did get some of your products in my media bag...I'm excited to try it!
@trainwreckless, thanks for the invite 
@TrakFiends man I dunno where its at  no one wants to party! Boo! Thx for the luv tho. U tryin to double ur friends?
@TramJonas i gotta go  Kisses ! see you tomorow ;)
@trampled xD Read your blog, sorry about the Combined board...  I'll be back some time this evening and come see you!
@tranced1 I gave the game away? 
@tranced1 just realised the c905 has SE's stupid pop port. And on the side! No way 
@TranceGemini613 it's down 
@TrannyOnInside 
@TranquilMammoth I stopped caring about warped. Not a single good band makes the trip down to Wisconsin or even Illinois. 
@Transmecharian still to play it. got it but not played it yet. Had other things to do 
@Trapes How is your arm today ~ you have had a really rough time with it haven't you? 
@Trapes oh   don't you have anyone that could dog-sit?
@Traphik Aww I'm sorry! I voted for u! @annspade Yesterday i dropped your guitar pic u sent me  It fell down my balconey, I cant find it.
@trappedinoffice And P.S. If you ever get to meet Jeff Gordon give him a smooch for me. He never wins at the races I go to. 
@TrapstarGreedz Whats the party saying ' Is it good or Trashy? - Im good babess Jst want to go sleep but i cant  gotta wake up @ 6 !!
@traqicthoughtz he's in the hodpital!! 
@trashlee i can't today   after my little tanning sesh i got so much shit to do. next week for sure if your down
@trASHLEIGH  A hot little bitch, tho.
@TrashPixels Thx. YouÂ´re the only one who noticed it  
@traskblueribbon you folks get the best of luck with 600 film... can't find it any cheaper then $25 here 
@trav1sty  well tell everyone I'm there with you in spirit! IFS! Woo!
@TravDave  I was suppused to be there with @laurenluna but couldnt make it 
@travel_buzz Can't visit a friend due to health and they won't even consider helping me. $140 later, an hr on my mobile and its sorted 
@TravelingAnna Aww, sorry to hear that  Maybe getting some Sun would help?
@travelocity My travel story in ten words or less? &quot;Visited Mount Rushmore in March, most attractions closed for winter!&quot;  
@TravelPaso So far shockingly little from Paso   Highlights: Pavie, Insignia, Flora Springs, Heitz, Patricia Green, SQN, Alban
@travisbarfoot Have fun in Birmingham! Wish I could go. Boo  Miss you guys.  All this time in the UK, have you been to Primark yet!? haha.
@travisbell  any chance could we keep him? I have completely fell in love with the weird little guy
@travisbme ahem! that looks like someone was driving and taking a picture with their phone... safety first....  
@travisbme don't feel alone. i found another driver who takes pictures while driving...  @mandiengram  both of you: be safe!!!
@travisc94 sweet! release is wayyy behind 
@traviscal I'm in S.F. w/ Chris Botti that wknd!   Drats, I hate to miss you!
@TravisDST why are you FML?   so sad!
@TravisFessler it didn't work i have them saved on my phone but it doesn't show up on the website 
@TravisGarland Ouch That Really Sucks 
@TravisGarland wow, I haven't heard a 'Doug' reference in a while ... I miss that show 
@TravisGarland-Hey--NLT was frigin awesome---I got my sisters hooked on you guys--im soo sad- 
@travisheying don't sweat it. I'm not on there either. 
@TravisInIndy  yeah I remember. but if I dont get my sleep I will not be able to stay up tonight.
@TravisInIndy You're at Hilton Head, right? I'm so jealous. Hope you had a good time!   I need a vacation ... 
@travisjr I wish! I don't know what to learn  you're so gross. Hairy balls?
@TravisKaimi Eaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat LOL I heard you guys got a Taco Bell out there  I want gorditas yumyum
@TravisKing  It could've waited until Monday, then I could've called in sick or worked from home
@TravisKing fuck! I was winning too. 
@TravisKing i have 3 O_O but they're retard cats. Now there's 2 spiders.  it's so scary
@TravisKing i'm sorry.  i didn't have time to dream. it was hot here too(cause alabama sucks). You always go to sleep supa late.
@TravisKing it kills you  which i don't wanna think about. what happens if you die from smoking? I go all emo-depressed kid.
@travislongley The site only likes IE...My Wii haz Opera... 
@Travismtv insomnia is the devil 
@TravisParrott I can't post a comment on the video!  How come?
@TravisParrott If I were in London I would come but I'm not 
@travln1 I'm sorry to hear that.  Hope she feels better soon!
@travln1 There were THREE overflow rooms on that form I had briefly. This thing must have sold out *immediately*. Crazy. Oh well. 
@travoose I'm sorry  I went with my dad in harrisburg. It was that good that I would definitely see it again so we should go!
@Travuller: by the way- gimme your number. we don't talk enough. 
@Trax23 But...but....I'm not done with him yet! 
@traycy AAAAHHHH I've heard of him but I've never been in his class! Pero omg laughtrip... But nobody else laughed?! That's kinda sad 
@TraytablesTrvls lucky you I get nothing everytime I fly.  
@TraytablesTrvls Nice! (about the DH on 747) Sorry to hear you can't sleep. 
@trayzz ... I think I'm gonna fail aswel! 
@Trayzz yeeeh love it. dont forget me T when u go 2 Espana 
@trazzler ..Thanks anyway...not 4 me..never liked the smell or taste (or after taste) of BEER 
@TrcyGotSeoul i miss that house 
@Tre_B girl, i use twitter on my celly and i dont hav pics on my phone to add on here... 
@Tre_B yeah and it really hurts 
@treadonmydreams ... prevent the disintegration of their relationship but still tied together. I don't want to think of LoVe like that 
@treadonmydreams Parts of Harder to Breathe don't work  Damnit.
@Treagus Not at all. I got about 5 hours of broken sleep! 
@treasaint are you calling me a tart  lmao zz
@treasaint don't i know it, writing an exam essay this weekend myself 
@treasaint http://twitpic.com/6iqwz - Poor kitties hate the heat so don't they?! Vinnie and Fab are all floopy 
@treasaint I spoke to o2, apparently It was because it wasn't original iphone sim, they send a new one, and it still not works! 
@treasaint she is lovely i have my own cat called fudge she means the world to me did have 2 but one died at the young age of 7months 
@treasurebelleza  sowry
@treasurefingers I accidently booked myself to fly out of ohare to london 
@Trece09 i didnt take any days off....i  dont think im comin, im broke  no $$ = no fun
@Trecee  hey mamma, I'm good movin along bout 2 head out n2 all this rain!!!! 
@treece416 oh man, yeah I'm taking it with the lady you had  lol what is your FB url?
@treeeeesha my facebook is blocked 
@treehugger25 i can't see us  and that girl was so fake. on some comments people are like, &quot;she looks like a clown.&quot; hahaha.
@treehugger25 That's fine she can watch ;) I miss my dog 
@TreeinCally  Yeah it's here dor the duration i reckon! 
@TreeinCally cant go!  I will look for cheaper universities. I dont think I'll cope alone in such an expensive university. Do you know any
@TreeinCally hug please 
@TreeinCally Our days are warm, nights cold, mid-winter here. My electric blanket stopped working last night.. i am ADDICTED to the thing 
@Treenie5 i don't know  was supposed to be there in 2 weeks but i can't afford it! God willing before the summer's over
@Treenie5 i really do... unless there is a way to make atlanta a ten minute drive from los angeles 
@Treenie5 LOL. Similac? Ur so wrong.  ass eyes
@treeong &quot;She should have at least let me take a bite from her slice of cake&quot; 
@treesepraises- summer's really good. i wish the sun would show it's face though. &amp; sadly, i am not...  hopefully soon though! haha. you?
@Treewisher *sigh* epic fail. Luckily, the problem is known by Twitter and they are working to fix it now. I'll try in the morning dearie 
@trefur wtf twitter deleted my haha  now i just look like a cocky dick. a cocky dick...
@TReiz so you're saying I'm wack? aww 
@Trejsi no  i dont have net so i cant youtube him!
@Trejsi sat watching tv waiting to catch a glimpse of enrique  lmao
@trekbeck  sorry, just got home 
@trekei Megs: I second that 
@trekish After how many days? 
@trekkerguy i will twitterflash @trent_reznor. i respond like he does to ppl like that so i feel for him  i get all RAAAAWR.
why isn't ticketweb loading?!?! 
why it hurts so much ?  i hhate this feeling inside 
Why MacBook have to be so expensive here?!. not fair 
Why makes things bad when they're good? 
why me why me why me why me WHY ME!?!?! 
Why me?!.... 
Why meme have to go segamat now ? 
why must everything be so difficult for us 
why must i always fail so hard at installing upgrades for our products?? 
Why must I wake up so early?  and have so much to do?
why must it be not as nice as yesterday? 
Why must it be so windy outside? I want to coat heads  Also Im itchy to play Zelda but I wont cause I promised Lukey and thats ok! :3
why must it rain? 
Why must it storm so much!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why must my father be such a crab this morning? 
why must my new favourite character die in Harper's Island?  And by accidentally shooting himself too.wth.
why must pipi look at me with those sad eyes whenever i wanna go out? sad case 
Why must Sydney real estate be so bloody expensive? I'd like to move to the inner west, but at this rate I can only afford a shoebox. 
Why must tablet nibs come in the tiniest packet I'm destined to lose? Better order some moree. 
WHY MUST THERE BE CLOUDS!  me misses dee sunshine
why must this happen 
Why must we continue to say hurtful things? When can we be at peace? That's all I've EVER wanted!! Grr 
Why must we wait until 6 for the update! Rediculous! 
Why must xbox live be down on the one day i need it to work? Devin and i wanted to play Call Of Duty before she leaves for cheer camp 
Why must you all have boyfriends 
why my f-list it's so long? 
why my heart is so confused? 
why my houise is so could?! at this time i really wanted to have a notebook to sit outside with the sun and get a little warmer 
why my life seems sooooo complicated... 
why my profile picture disappear...?! 
Why no mly drama?  - http://tweet.sg
why nobody can understand me? it's really sad 
Why not mail server like me? Dovecot was supposed to be the friendly, easy to use solution. 
why oh why did sleep on my hackintosh thinkpad break 
Why oh why do I always forget to take the medication I'm *supposed* to take 30 minutes before breakfast? Just taking it now at 1:30 
Why oh why do I have to go to school today  
why oh why do i have to work at 9am after working until 1030 lastnight? kill me now 
why oh why do I still miss him!!He was crap in bed and treated me badly but i'd still take him back tommorrow if he came crawling back 
Why oh why do I watch Oprah? Every time I do I cry. OMG these great dads are...great! This will be another tough weekend for us  #fb
why oh why does itunes tell me it will take 59 hours to download @maddow 
Why oh why does work have to be hell the day before I go away somewhere and was reduculously excited. Feel like crap now 
Why oh why has twitter denied me access to my tweeps all day long? 
Why oh Why netflix do u have every Muppet movie but a Muppet Christmas Carol?????? 
Why oh why won't my toddler eat his dinner...he's playing with his green beans and carrots...but not eating them  arugh ):
why oh why? damn my laptop is damaged AGAIN  I can cry righ
why on earth can i not change my profile picture 
Why on earth is love soo freaking hard? why are guys so blind in love? i need a guy to give my a rose, kiss me on the nose!  im pathetic.
why on earth would i put myself in a sam darn situation like this?? 
Why on the day of week I can sleep late, I am sitting here wide awake 
Why PDF can't be copied? 
Why people call me early in the morning to get me all upset and then i cant go back to sleep.  Not even the Rain helped! 
Why rain today? Our beach cleanup may have to be postponed... Thunder &amp; lightning expected. 
why rnt ppl twittering on this lovely munday!? lol and also,,,,im in a fight with @aunajoy  she said i wasnt her fave cuzin!!!!!!!
why russ?  xxx
Why should I be charged because someone else's check bounced?!  I do not &quot;amen&quot; that. 
why so cold in may?? 
why so earlyyy? 
Why so expensiveee http://store.americanapparel.net/rsart400.html 
Why so much anger at my house? I feel like dying. 
why so overcast Phoenix?  depressing. its still 92 degrees though
Why so sad?  re: http://ff.im/3rHKw
Why So Serious??? Porque to de exame 
why so weak? why is my heart so weak? why are my eyes so weak? i feel like curling into a ball now. 
Why the bloody hell do I have Humpty Dumpty stuck in my head!?! 
Why the eff did I wear a 3-inch to work tonight? Oh right, cos I bought 'em last night?! Feet hurt 
Why the F do these things happen to me? 
Why the frak is it so hot? Can't sleep 
Why the fuck am i gettin all you guys stuff 5 minutes later? 
Why the fuck am i so tired 
Why the fuck is @cocksqueeze following me? 
why the fuck wont twitter let me upload an icon ugh 
Why the hell am I awake this late? Blah guess it's time for sleep. Goodnight world all alone in bed with no cuddles 
why the hell am i sooo tired??? i feel like an old lady. 
Why the hell am I still awake?  
why the hell am i watching big brother???!!! it just gets worse every year 
Why the hell did Dobby have to die?... 
Why the hell did I ever quit Irish dance  miss it.... Booo I'm getting sick 
Why the hell have my hands and feet been itching uncontrollably since 4:00 in the morning and are turning red from scratching so much!?!? 
Why the hell is everyone BRBing me today?  
why the hell is my display picture not working???!! 
Why the hell is Pelosi in freakin China? and on whose dime?
Why the hell is the heat index already 99 degrees here?! Its not even 9am yet. Ugggh 
why the hell is this shoot all the way in oak brook on such a sunny, warm day? i wanna hit the beach 
why the hell r they playing an OLD ep of Ellen 
Why the hell there is no proper medical database in Indonesia 
why the mobile twitter apps dont work? 
WHY THE RAINNN IT WAS NICE!! 
why there is no gina tricot store in hÃ¤meenlinna? 
Why this Windows Photo Gallery Crashes ??? 
why ticketmaster why?!? i was really looking forward to NCAA bball tickets 2010. 
Why to I keep pressing b instead of space?? I digress. Had been supporing the no6 works Ginetta all w/e. Died at 0330 (fuel pump)  #lemans
Why u feelin a little  @mileycyrus ?
why u have the title &quot;CUDDY BUDDY&quot; not &quot;MY MAN&quot;! lol.. Very irritated.. Must find new buddy..this 1 is getting attached..as always..MAN! 
WHY WAIT AGAIN? I absolutely HATE waiting! one more chance? i dun think so!!!!! 
Why was I not invited Sam!? 
why was olivia crying 
Why when I plan to go to the library and do lots of useful stuff do I wake up more tired than when I went to bed? 
Why when something happens to me, is the TV is loaded with stories and shows about that same thing?  Ruski passes and TV's all bout dogs??
Why why why ? 
Why why why do I keep waking up at 6:30 every morning? 
why why why do people keep stealing my handbag? 
Why why why WHY!   http://twitpic.com/7p10u
WHY WHY WHY! did this wonderful weekend have to end 
why why why... must I put myself through this pain. It's called work  #fb
why will sleep not come 
Why wnt my bkgrond pic change 
Why won't #tweetdeck iPhone show my #tweetdeck tweets that I posted in my #tweetdeck search column!! Sigh 
Why won't any celebrities twitter me 
why wont anyone follow me 
Why won't HBoS online let me set aliases for my accounts, instead of just showing a list of bloody sort codes 
Why wont he leave me alone 
why wont it let me follow people it says following but then dosent 
Why wont it load 
Why won't multimedia messages work on my iPhone despite 3.0 software. 
Why wont my background chaaaaaaange 
Why won't my BlackBerry and Twitter get along? I'm sick of this.  
why won't my feverish body let me sleep in increments longer than four hours  sad panda.
Why won't my god awful headache go away  I've had it for almost two days.
why wont my link work???   http://www.facebook.com/home.php?#/group.php?gid=118983843008
Why won't my mother let me stay home?! School is practically overrr! 
why wont my picture show up 
why won't my prof pic show up?  
why won't my son eat his dinner?? Makes me sad 
Why won't my straps release? They are just sooooo tight! I just can't move them! 
why won't netflix send me S. Darko? I know it's going to be terrible but I have to see it...I've had it in my queue since 1981! 
Why won't Safari 4 open PDFs in the browser? 
Why won't the _interlacing_ go away?  1999 for the lose.
why wont the dress upload  GRR !! lol
why wont these helicopter chop chop thingys play with me!? 
Why wont they make Slithereens http://bit.ly/pNVli OSX compatible  Been wondering that for years. Used to love that game.
why wont this FREAKING ICEPACK STAY FROZEN!!!!  i cant look down 
why won't this report just write itself 
Why won't TinyTwitter work? 
Why wont TweetDeck show a group's tweets older than an hr prior to my opening it? always seem to miss the best tweets when im offline 
why won't twitter change my effin picture. ARRGHHH 
why won't twitter let me block people  migraines are the worst. anyone fancy going to work for me? no? didn't think so
WHY WONT TWITTER LET ME CHANGE MY PICTURE 
why won't twitter let me change my picture? 
Why Won't Twitter Let Me Upload A Photo.. ? 
why wont twitter work with my phone 
Why won't twitterberry work 
Why won't u load twitterr berry friend timelines!!!!! Wtf! 
WHY WONT U REPLY?????? 
Why won't walmart let me exchange my dress??? Its too big and I wanted to wear it tomorrow 
why wont you let me upload i picture?! Grrr 
Why would emotions suddenly pour out..?? I just remembered something that happened, n im very badly feeling it..!! 
Why would ever say fml?  Jesus help us all
why would i want to talk to you when you're with your friends? gosh. i wish you didn't fucking text me..  
Why would I want to waste time on an entire book if it has suckass ending? Would ruin my entire day  @lisahughey
why would miley and nick try again  it really is official. joe and kevin actually admit to have girlfriends!!!! wooohooo!
Why would you leave your dog outside alone so it can run away because you don't want it? Freaking barbaric people. 
Why would you say something like that to me now you bitch! 
why would you share the existence of this person 
Why would you shut down 95 south (to Miami) on a Saturday night?!?!?! Stuck in alternate route traffic 
why you don't reply to me??????? posh girl.... 
Why you sad?? 
Why you stressed babe? 
Why! Is Love a double-edged Sword 
why! seriously even when i let the video fully load, its choppy as HELL and freezes etc 
Why!!! Traffic is literally at a standstill on the freeway right now!!!!  *tears!* 
why!?  :S
why, all the sudden people walk out of your life like you mean noting to them whats wrong with people. 
Why, I signed back in. Just done studying and - oops! - goin' off again. Soo sleepyy. I miss and love him badly. 
Why, Jon and Kate, why?!? I'm so sad for the little ones 
Why, oh why do I always neglect to cover my head in the sun? My scalp is pink at the part.  Bah. No burn anywhere else thankfully.
why, oh why do i not live in america? leakycon 
Why, oh why does it have to be sooo hot? Disappearing into a pool of salty water I have thus far generated. 
Why, Why god why? 
Why,when you're looking forward to something, someone/thing comes along and sh!ts on your plans. No new iPhone 3G S for me tomorrow 
WHY. why. for the second day in a row is there no water in the street? I wanna wash my hairrrrrr. 
Why...! Why doesn't my background image change size depending on the size of the screen!  Stupid thing...
why...why...why! lol 
why? i can't understand it ... so sad 
Why? Why must my life suck so bad? And why has today already started to suck and its not even 9am yet? I am so damn sick. 
Why? why? is it raining?  x
Why? Why? was maths soo hard  boohooo
why?! what's wrong? @PopySauce 
why?(U) :'(     pffffff :'(
Why???????? Is it so hot 
whygodwhy?!       
whyohwhyohwhy am I always awake? I'm so sleepy, but can't sleep 
Why're people getting annoyed with me just cz i wanna sell my xbox? 
Why's everyone talking abt mysore pak?? Now I want mysore pak  
Why's it gotta rain? 
whys it sooooo cold 
whywhywhywhywhymeee 
Whyy am i downloadin music at 6am? 
whyy am I stressing about what to wear to this inteview tomorrow?! i'm so tired. my brains doing cartwheels again 
whyy are flats soo dear 
whyy do i have the colddd when its so hot outside 
whyy do i have to live in the U.K 
Whyy does of always have to rain 
Whyy?? Whyyy do desks come in like a billion pieces??!! It's gonna take 3hrs for me and dad to make this desk  fml!! Lol. I'll post pics :
Whyyy ... !? 
Whyyy am I not getting any updates?! The last one was at 3:53 am from alex. 
Whyyy am I up so early?? And also, my elbow hurts 
whyyy aren't my text updates working? 
whyyy do allll country songs about dads make me cryy?  Never putting my mum's iPod on random ever again omg.
Whyyy does itunes take sooooo long :@ ive not got anything else open either 
Whyyy does someone ALWAYS have to ruin the perfect plan? THis really sucks! I am mad 
whyyy is everything in celcius?? 28 degrees may sound cold but its actually freaking HOT! 
Whyyy is it raining? I'm supposed to see Jimmy Buffett today 
Whyyy me??????? 
Whyyy must batista be 40???? 
Whyyy whyyy whyyy do I have to wake up, I don't care if it's sunny, I want to sleep 
whyyyy am i still up. it's 2:30. and i'm still writing an english paper. i think i'll just sleep in every class tomorrow, yah? 
whyyyy does it have to be rainy, today of all days?! 
Whyyyy is Otto's so dead on a Friday night 
whyyyy is thesims3 taking fo-evah to download??? 
Whyyyy must @SongzYuuup always have performances on weeknights! (Strata Sunday, sposed to be here in Jerz 2nite!) I'm a working woman! 
whyyyy was i not at bamboozle yesterday? stupid distance. 
whyyyy?  cheer up cheer up cheer up cheer up cheer up!
Whyyyyy an I up this early 
whyyyyy do bad things always happen to pretty people  or is it why do bad things happen to good people anyway why do they happen to me
Whyyyyyy am I so boy crazy?  this makes me sad.
whyyyyyyyy did the electricity have to come back on so soon... was SO close to leaving work early  #fb
WHYYYYYYYYYYY ! 
wich I didn't have to wake up so early tomorrow  But a dancer has to do what a dancer has to do!
wiches the neck pain would go away 
Wichitas current weather conditions: severe thunderstorm warning, tornado watch, &amp; flash flood watch, Untill 10pm CST. Cuddle time? 
Wicked awesome show last night! Now its back to my &quot;fake not my real job&quot;  sad and depressed.
wicked blisters on the 4th toes of each foot causing me to waddle like a duck 
Wicked leaves tomorrow 
Wicked pumped about moving tomorrow... not so excited about un-packing... 
Wicked was mentioned on This morning - I heard it all the way from upstairs - Alexia Khadime is coming back in May and Kerry is leaving 
wicked! buh bye twitter 
wide awake and bored.. 
Wide awake at 3:03. Been trying to go back to sleep for 55 minutes. 
wide awake can't sleep  going to try again
Wide awake for no good reason 
wide awake with no dreams in sight 
Wide awake, didn't like my dreams 
wide awake, yet i have to wake up in 6 hours for school 
Wiebelt.nl is down, i repeat wiebelt.nl is _down_! 
Wierd creepy girl just talked to me 
Wieters is mortal 
Wife &amp; I had good night's sleep w our kids at grandma's. Just got a call that Zion is throwing up though  On our way to get them soon--
Wife agreed to neighbrhood garage sale.  Then leaves at 930a for workout... Sticking me with managing the 'store' ...I hate garage sales 
Wife any daughter in walmart will they very come out 
Wife came home with local rag. Front page story motorcyclist killed on same route I use daily. She'd rather I had a car! 
Wife sick time to take care of her 
Wife's birthday and I am off to the airport 
Wife's blackberry took a little bath today.  Guess we know where my 3GS upgrade is going to be used if the bag of rice doesn't help 
Wife's minivan run flat tire is flat  Insane how much the cost plus you have to do them in sets it seems, sigh
Wifey n kid left me alone with cleaner auntie again. Or should I just leave her the keys to join them the next time round? 
Wifey's promising job got shot down by a transfer teacher. Not a great day for us. 
Wiffleball with the boys in n. Carolina load ins not till 7pm 
Wi-fi is temporary dead; no way to watch SNL tonight. its still 1am! c'mooooooon!!!! 
WiFi not working.  Getting internet withdrawals.
wifi seems to be much more reliable now on the plane. no power however   battery almost dead. about to land soon anyways later!
WiFi's not working on my iPod. 
Wig buying on eBay as I'm too chicken to dye it because I'm a fool    Arse... 11pm already, forgot to eat dinner... off to fry an egg
Wiggle and Learn? hmm... does anyone remember back when the wiggles used to be good? 
Wii arm 
wii games are not working very well today. ... 
wiii, i can tweet, i cam tweet! i have to wait one hour  i was tweetless
Wiiiiidddeeeee awake.....Oh man, this is what happens when you fall asleep at 7:30 pm and wake up at 2am. Work in 5 hours 
wiill not join monfort cup tomorrow 
wiish i culda went 2 d Biirthday Bash!!!  ...ne way.. Happy Fathers Day!* &lt;3
Wikipedia FAIL  Oh where oh where is your slave server little wiki??
Wild hair! Need to go out! but sadly no one to go out with  cousins gone, friend's w/ BF, ugh... need to get a life (like someone told me)
Wild Horses by Natasha Bedingfield makes me cry.  Makes me think about how much of a prat my friends are being to me 
Wild night. Feet r all bruised up from bein stepped on  I'm exhausted. Gotta be up gettin ready for work in 3 hours...
wild nite at the fashion show, bike art is coming down 2day.  great show!! good job posse. if u didnt c it, shame on u! nxt year, b in it.
Wild waves !!!! Nothing like Raging waters !!!! Or six flags !!!  LOL
Wilderness is boring when you have nothing to do. 
will &amp; grace puts me to sleep at night. not coz it's boring. bc it's comforting. i miss my will.  taking applications for a new one.
Will ? 
Will a roast lunch be good for a hangover? I hope so. Feel a bit sick from the scrambled eggs though 
Will anyone be in nyc this weekend 
will b home w sonia in a week 
will be 24 in 24 days!!!!!!! yay me! btw, my sophie got bumped by a car  she hurtin...my poor baby.
Will be a full day.... and a test about Quantitative Methods tomorrow.... nobody deserves..... 
will be a lonely day at school tomorrow- why do you asians have to leave 
Will be a stranger for about a week and a half. 
will be at tribute from 12pm-10pm huaaaaah 
Will be back soon...have reached my API limit  
Will be back when I think everyone is up 
Will be broke as soon as I get paid next week  Doctors bill, medicine, phone bill, internet bill - Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaage
will be difficult to forget 
Will be eating with bro dinner! Chicken Noodles! Then I'ma gonn' do my assignments that apparently ALL due on the same FRIGGIN' DAY! 
Will be flying to Ontario in 4 hours!Will probably stay awake.I will be there for a 8 days...Camping 4 the first time YAY!I am sleepy now 
Will be going home tonight but without baby Megan. She needs to stay as she is still taking her antibiotics 
Will be going now. *sigh* 
Will be going to bed soon... Still waiting for that darn camera!  Should be coming in on Friday! Hopefully tomorrow!
will be going to dentist later in the day for braces readjustment 
will be going to run some errands. with a hurting 'pus-on'.  tc twitter world.
will be gone for a while.  KARMA DOWN. :| http://plurk.com/p/uhon3
will be gone until saturday or sunday!! music camp! will miss you all!!  http://plurk.com/p/11mo54
will be having a Biology test tmr.. *sigh* 
will be heading to ATL Wednesday. Wish Celeste coulda came too. 
Will be heading to Bromley-by-Bow to sit for a painting. In jacket and tie. On the loveliest day of year 
will be home alone all week 
will be in America tomorrow while JB is here in Canada 
Will be in meeting(s) all the day at the uni. ... 
Will be in this stupid ass cpr class till 1pm which means no phone 
will be in training during #xboxe3 
Will be in Vegas with the hubby and girls 7/5. Hope to see friends and family. Miss hubby...in Chicago for business. 
will be late for CS tomorrow :| its a TnT thing.  http://plurk.com/p/12q7a5
Will be leaving in an hour.  I think.
will be lonely for 4 days because @trizia will be in baguio.   http://plurk.com/p/x2apl
Will be mass twittering today. No xbox forums.. 
will be MIA until june 13.. finals 
Will be missing life from tonight 
will be off to work shortly, going to be a late night. End of month count, the whole store 
will be on her way to Heathrow airport soon to say goodbye to her big sister Kim  sad sad times.
will be on twitter break for a couple of days!!  
will be spending all day trying to solve other people's unsolvable problems 
will be studying for my sophmore grade's finals 
will be visiting my dog at the pet clinic. hope he's well. I wanna play with him na 
will be watching a movie tonight.  so sad...
will be watching prison break 2nite after her meeting.  Him-indoors wanted to watch it too, so couldn't watch last nite 
will be without my poor lucy for the whole day tmrw  hopefully the apple genius' can fix her in store.
Will be working from home again tonight 
will blog na lang because time is moving so effin' slow 
Will Blogger.com be blocked for another three years? Ha... 
will cut her finger nails. YAY ! goodbye LONG NAILS!  http://plurk.com/p/z2e9e
will definitely be missing ms darvinya alot when she goes to frenchspeaking,snowpiling montreal for 1 year 
will definitely miss Michael Scoffield and the rest  'twas a great series.
will Deplurk! (bye) Dad has to use the pc na  Hawwwfffft. I will be texting nalang Vincent.  I love you so... http://plurk.com/p/z2o5k
will Derek ever learn that it's nice to spoil the wife on her bday? Will someone please teach him? No cake, no ice cream, not even a card 
Will dooooo! And no,nick isn't going. 
will eat dinner and try to finish zune e-book builder by tonight!! that I need to start creating a website for it but i hate html+php 
will eat lunch. ayaw parin ako palabasin ng room!!  http://plurk.com/p/11rtio
Will Ferrell was on Man vs Wild this week as a promo for the movie. The Wild didn't win unfortunately. 
Will fly to Jkt tomorrow (June 22), will be there till 30, wont be online much 
will freeze her karma in 5...4...3...   all for Level Up! (rock) http://plurk.com/p/ulc5x
will go back to Dagupan na. Enrollment tomorrow eh. I will miss Baguio  http://plurk.com/p/u97be
Will go drown my sorrows in a book and maybe some knitting. Can't be cake or bacon or grog etc put on .5kilo lately..must lose 10 more kg 
will go to the airport in a few hours.  will be sending my sister off to Oman... 
will have a meeting in an hour to explain &quot;which version of oAW we use&quot;. What to say? None? atm, it's just a heap of unbundled EMF tools 
will have no internet/email/server access the entire weekend. bummer 
will have practical test tommorow 
will have the final examination on Monday.  Anybody, heeelllpp !  http://plurk.com/p/yondb
Will have to go to the dentist again  infection still not gone, will go at 11.40....
Will have to regulate food intake from now on. I will miss my favorite greasy grubs. 
Will have to shave tomorrow 
Will have to stop viewing the NING main page someone posted a song title as part of the title to their discussion  please no spoilers 4 me
will have to study~~ shoot  be back later...
Will I be single forever!!!?? 
Will I EVER complete any collection?! I still need 1 rare coin, 1 uncommon and 1 rare photo, 3 rare twigs, 2 uncommon and 4 rare bugs. 
Will I EVER get a tweet back from NKOTB??? I'm beginning 2 think not. 
Will I ever get any 1 on 1 time? 
Will I ever get to my next backlog items tasks . . . keep getting sidetracked with bugs that don't end up being my problem 
Will I ever solve this puzzle of my life? Pieceing it together is so hard... I'm so confused. 
will i ever stop feeling crappy?  all signs point to no.                                                                                 
Will I get any sleep tonight and will this freaky  headache go..3rd day and counting 
Will i get bad news again when he returns? 
will ich wirklich c++ lernen: &quot;even though GetMessage() is defined as returning a BOOL, it can return values other than TRUE or FALSE&quot; 
Will it look silly if I take a teddy with me?I hate needles 
will leave Muntinlupa tomorrow. 
Will miss emily m!!!! And lauren, ill miss you toooo!!  lol
@trekkerguy They're probably trying to get on the top 10 trending topics.    Evil things.
@trelaina now I haz more sad than before 
@trellthms and u ain't been helping me! 
@tremainewifey yea...there r like no options here...for guys or girls 
@tremssmith i know how you feel josh just left and i already want him to come home 
@trench I hope not for me. I hate when this happens. 
@TrenchKato i nooooo  but im not getting in... thats y i got my laptop and food
@trendebarbie7 chicaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!! whats up??? i miss ya!!! 
@TrendySD what happened to the OTHER store in the corner?  jk... do you have any broadway mirrors? i want a new one.
@trendyshoppes I spent the better part of yesterday trying to fix it. Now I have to bring it in.  Thankfully I have a laptop, tho.
@TrennyMcflyFace aw gdgd ... sme here ma throat killin me too lyks  xx
@TrennyMcflyFace yep, im afraid its true and by morning all that'll be left of you is a HUGE chin. we'll all miss you  &lt;/3
@trent_reznor  Miss you Trent   Hope the tour is going good.
@trent_reznor ??? 
@trent_reznor @ALEC_EMPIRE   RIP CARL CRACK, lost that dude too early. 
@trent_reznor Aaawwww... Poor guy.  Hang in there! It can't rain forever.
@trent_reznor don't go home, you haven't come to London yet 
@trent_reznor don't stoop to their level dude. Sorry your experience on here has to be crappy sometimes 
@trent_reznor I Don't Want to Get Over You always killed me 
@trent_reznor i was gonna go to your music show up in london on the 15th but then my friend sold his last ticket  i was not a happy bunny.
@trent_reznor it's sad, there seem to be lots of haters on Twitter these days 
@trent_reznor Oh...are european audiences so disappointing to you? What's wrong Trent? Tiredness? 
@trent_reznor Poor Trentie. I'm sorry that people suck 
@trent_reznor so your fiancee is @amandapalmer...? cool man. she passed by my town to play, but i forgot to see her.  poor college student
@trent_reznor YOU'RE IN ATLANTA GEORGIA! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO   I CAN'T GO THOUGH MY SISTER IS GOING 
@trent_reznor... if I wanted to read another asshole's blog I go on fox news. Now I have a case of the angries. 
@trentonlee im craving chicken e/jack in the box/that taco place...i want texas...miss it 
@TrentShelton no!!!! dont put the @hoecop on the hoes! then i wont have anyone to talk to 
@trentvanegas so is the 3.0 software extremely amazing? I haven't downloaded it yet so I'm very jealous!!!!  
@treo700 I hope you get it all worked out.  I would really hate to see you leave 
@tres_basketcase i've never watched sweeny todd... 
@Tres_Maeve  in answer to ur question, yes. whered u go? xx
@TresesPieces But.... I want Pie 
@TresesPieces ight well then I will take it back 
@TreSlim Yeah I see. lol.. I wish I could be just gettin off of a plane going somewhere... You don't never take me with you! 
@TresPoshePreppy I watched the sad ending last night so tonight i caught the happy beginning. always makes me cry 
@Trevieness no 
@trevlukather i have a nascar party on friday   ~Megan Moreaux~
@TrevMurphy Nah mate - I think it's the end of me.    I will cease to exist before you know it! lol Thanks for the concern tho!  =]
@Trevor_Murdoch sorry I missed you Mr.Murdoch. 
@TrevorDickerson I had class, no chasing for me.  There was a slight risk of severe wx - looks like today is going to be interesting too
@TrevorIsNotAToy Lol SO U PLAY WITH HER AND NOT ME!?! 
@trevorjames same for me... Except  I don't have any internet! 
@trevorjames Which messenger.  I hate it when they crap out.  
@trevorp damn that sucks  (but probably explains it). And digital was supposed to fix that sort of thing!
@trevorp for people who just want things to &quot;work&quot; like my father-in-law, those fake AV scams are jackpots for their makers. 
@trevorp ugh i know right! stupid facebook 
@TREVORPASCOE lmfao ! You know my ass still got chu ! I don't need to dorm to do that ! But yea I want to but they cut my financial aid 
@trevorrrj oh yes im dumb and only got 91%  and i thought you got 94% ??
@trevoryoung I wasn't   ...sadly.  Busy writing - deadline tomorro.w
@trevx9 that sucks t-rev!!! 
@trevypoos I know!  I have to go and do the supermarket stuff now.   See you later on. 
@treygreg I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@Trezur Morning! How is the sis doing? Its 80 degrees down here! I don't wanna come back to rain. 
@trgibbons ok that solution seems to not be working for gReader 
@Trhpeanut Sorry I don't play WoW anymore... 
@tri33bell it died  They live for a long time! But it wasn't a boby when I got it. Now all I have is a dog, a ferret, bird, fish and rat
@trialia I'm so sorry, hun.  I was on a rejection streak for quite a while, so, hang in there. &lt;3
@Triard I bet it felt like Christmas came early for Jack Thompson,reading that   Kid sounds like a nutter. Not the game's fault.
@trib  Hope you feel better soon.
@trib Agreed.  
@tribal_spaceman it NEVER loads properly for me 
@tricexbaby  she-she..your ass was proably sleep tonight. http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/1685444 you gotta watch ).
@triceypooh haha..gurl i know. In love them 2. esp some cloves ugh.. i wanna smoke one now  but i gotta stop if i wanna get back in shape
@triceypooh i will!!! wish u were here!!! 
@tricia_anne30 NO.  I didn't get to.
@Tricia_PsGuard @FakeCedric yeah I don't want to get you sick hun, I got Tricia sick already 
@Tricia_PsGuard yeah my sinuses hurt, I have a headache  Here's a bucket if you can't make to the bathroom
@tricia_ZLNet It makes me so sad, the weather.  Do you like the rain? Spit-rained? I've never heard that word before, what does it mean?
@tricia1450 tricia! Stop downing our state!  lol
@triciaaquino i miss you tricia! 
@triciaback yeah, it sucks huh? 
@triciabelles we had to do that 2 years ago to my 17 yr. old dog. not not fun. Mark is still traumatized. so sorry you had to do it too 
@triciaLcary I've been trying but I gets no love from CA 
@tricialing I TOTALLY AGREE TO THE BACK PAIN! damn it hurts 
@TriciaRoxas walang food.  )
@TriciaRuiiiz i'm not careless with nails!  wala, wala talagang talent  lungkot! )
@triciuhhh could you at least answer me 
@TrickiJen  if i can get there i can send you some... in a picture 
@Trickiliz13 i know! lol Toronto only 4hrs but need passport now 
@Trickiliz13 Ouch....You were keeping it Secret??!?!! I'm so sorry  I was just so happy for you girls! Next time - Dont Tell Me! :p
@tricksatthebar oh dear chloe sorry you're sad  hope whatever it is gets sorted. X
@tricksta94 fine dont come then 
@trickthomas Soooo we missed the auditions  They were today in Boston. The rest are too far away... :'(
@trickyrodent: Yeah, it seems like most people hate their relatives for some reason  A sad state of affairs, indeed.
@trickyshirls I was loving it at the time, but now i'm not so sure..... 
@trickyshirls Yes, Used to be a sound engineer and recorded that album - many moons ago 
@trickyxian Well I mean, you choose what you do at work and the navigation of the screen is difficult and there too many choices!  
@TriDewanti sounds great-no rice- haha goodluck ya buat healthy day nya.. Haha Panas tinggi, sesak nafas, badan pegel2, doain cpt sembuh 
@TRIFORCE89 Considering it's an early prototype, I don't care.  Honestly I like that more than the MotionPlus controller extender, haha.
@TRIFORCE89 it never works like that in life lmao 
@TRIFORCE89 it still doesn't work right. we discussed this before. 
@TRIFORCE89 yeah but it'll still make it heavier and more annoying to hold, thus making it harder for me to hit those annoying buttons. 
@trigger_101 They are. Pity he died so young 
@TriggerStreet I read that cinemas may be taxed for the films they show, may shut down some smaller non multiplex theatres. 
@TriiipleD Mine are close to that..... 
@triinavee i hate u sometimes u jinxed me! I have to wait to more week to do the do. Bitch! 
@trilliamme The hog died?  What happened?
@Trillian711 I had an account at a local comic store that I ran to 4k  at one time
@TrillSouth sowwy 
@TrillSouth The cam on my Macbook isn't as high quality as my QuickCam 
@trinaAlert Thats what ive been trying to tell @hollaelizabeth this whole time! you havent been on stickam lately  twitter took over?
@TrinaWright DOH! .... hmmm yep, mind you out of the last 30 entries only 4 were mine, thought this # had more going for it 
@TrinaWright lol - not good going out weather.... am meant to be taking son to mini-rugby soon..... 
@TrinaWright Well, they all got sacked when I was a Fresher, so yes! The SU staged a sit-in to save them, but for nowt 
@trindmyst, yep that was me 
@trinehartz mee too!  too bad he is leaving soon! 
@triners It was all I could do to remember to call for myself! I totally forgot to remind you to call too. 
@trinhtrin hey, thats my line! 
@triniaguirre i miss you soo much friend  (L)  i love you !
@TriniGirlBlue  those times are the worst   i get them too  
@TriniGirlBlue Nevermind, my feed is slow. 
@TriniSaysRelax Sounds good! But I've seen goodnight as a trending topic before but never goodmorning. 
@trinit3 oh daaaaaaaaaaaayum that look like it hurt sooooo bad  I will cry for him if he didn't but I KNOW HE DID
@TrinityAnderson it's so hot, i think this is suppose to be the hottest week 
@trinitytrouble I have work @ 5:30am  do you work this weekend? lets smoke ourselves stoopid
@Trinitywillow Not too much!  Was going to see a movie tonight- But decided to stay in.. One more day, then back to work 
@trinketbox24 oh fuccck poor car 
@Trinklebean Maths are not the What's On fellows' strong point. Incidentally I actually did lose 1 kg, and they didn't mention it. 
@trinovantes damn..the font site is pretty accurate...i tried to outsmart but failed 
@Tripdash Oh jeez.. Tell him all the best from me 
@tripfaller tee didn't come, niether did the bbq  maybe tomorrow...
@Triphoppin: Grats on the shirt!  I left my phone at home all day... 
@Triphos I would say yes, but I've done that before. 
@Tripl3A uhmmm...CUTE ,, you need to burn some calories! i,, on the other hand, lost some weight from stress  *&amp;. ooh tennis sounds fun
@Triple_Adriiian  I cant help it 2 years down the drain 
@TripleB wierdness - I had one of those persistent overnight headaches too - not fun 
@triplejbrekkie Thanks for rubbing it in for all of us who didnt get Splendour tickets 
@TripleJTVDoctor Is this... dance metal? Somehow? I'm confused.  Hey, can I call it doofcore?
@tripleox That tinyURL is borked 
@triplethreat06 now that is ugly! I wanted to go to the international fest today.  booo!
@triplevogue I wanna come back to Chicago 
@TrippyPip not the Pink Floyd show?  http://myloc.me/2aRI
@triproftri Coffee would have been lovely but heading down to Virginia tomorrow midday, so will have to pass... 
@Triptophobia I wish you could go to the dentist FOR me. 
@triptych not really 
@tripwired i can comprehend. i was hanging my laundry and i got all sweaty as well 
@Tripzy correction! U aint chill with ya homie ayvii either! N I really missed ya since u vanished from ny ............... 
@tripzy I feel so fcukin xcelllent rite now wish you were  @rellnitty dis nigga is fcukin drunk rite now he's crazy
@trisected yes the weekend ruins my sleep cycle  hahaha rmb t buy alcohol when you come back HAHAHA
@Trish_7 I don't even know... I was doing something, then it hurt 
@Trish_T  lmao i just found it  yayyyy   and im not gonna twit that nigga everyday jeez lol i wish dday had one  lol
@trish0400  Looong drive! but doubtful 
@trishababycakes Saaad. 'Cause I wasn't able to tweet @tommcfly a while ago, so no reply for me. 
@trishababycakes there is in Music One (i bought room on the third floor there). But only the first album.  boo
@trishajade Happy Birthday Trish! Have fun today! Wish I could be there 
@trishalepper Do you think Ed has twitter? My heart is empty knowing he won't be there on Monday 
@trishapocalypse aw  pour some water on yourself!
@TrishaRivera sore from karate? yay! yes, we're done. i feel like i have no purpose, as i was telling jo, for the summer.  i just sleep.
@TrishaSalonga hahah!para di na mhirap pag uwi..wahaa!ugh.me too 
@Trishasaur meow? 
@TrishaTorrey Ha! Gard on agenda here, too, except just noticed it's raining so maybe . . . not   Enjoy your day; sleep in tomorrow!
@trishdarling I wish!! I wont be here that night   But i am SO glad you guys are involved in this, Crosby is awesome and so are you!
@trishee03 Same. Haha, when are you getting it back? 
@trishofthetrade @nianella NOT. COOL. 
@trishofthetrade drunk tweeting?  hahaha I am sick and drinking was out of the question last night 
@trishofthetrade have you heard anything further about the walk? I don't know where training is, etc. 
@trishreynolds WHAT?!!! 
@TrishToxin  i wish i was there to make you one! 
@TrishToxin fucking faggot 
@TRISHVICI0US  idk what to say other than I know how you feel
@Trishw5  My Mom has that too.  I often wonder if I do as well.  I'm sorry you're hurting.    Will keep you in my prayers.
@trishw78 awwww no 
@TrislynMarie  sry bb, i'll try to get proof...next time...lawl.
@TrislynMarie i'm going with ross. guhh but the city is like 30 miles away from long island, so all possible stalking is off. 
@trismoonfarmer youre almost done with werk- Bah. Its still morning here 
@Trisomy_Mum @sdrb had a brilliant set of slides on twitter that he used at the National Voice Forum but we never received a copy of them 
@Trissyhon Most definitely NOT PRO-LIFE!! 
@tristan BUT IT HAS MORE PIXELS. Pixels cost money, and the average consumer is obviously willing to pay for it 
@TristanAdrian Well, there are two pairs of leather pants in my closet... Hair extensions at Sally... But I can't buy the ability to fly 
@tristanderson I'm not even lg 
@tristanharris export in h264 for high res and small file sizes via quicktime.  Exporting will take a long time even on a dual processor 
@tristankent Yeah. She said hi already. And bye. 
@tristankent yessss. Accept I don't think said nap helped the way I was Hoping. 
@tristanrogers Keep the bubble tweets coming they are the best!!! GH was great when you were on .. what happened? 
@tristanshout 'xact what I said/thought 
@TristanSpencer I saw the sign on Saturday...sure it's over by now  but I will keep looking out
@tristanwilds are you missing me? i'm missing my tuesday nights of 90210 
@tristanwilds monsoon like I'm NYC  def not feeling summer.Munching on sum chocolate twizzlers waitin For work to be a wrap.what's good
@tristanwilds the link doesnt work 
@tristanwilds YEA I USE TO BE A VAMPIRE BUT SOMETHING HAPPENED I CANT STAY UP LATE ANYMORE..!! 
@tristinchanel it looks unlikely. 
@tristyB I miss mythbusters! I don't get it on my telly now 
@trisulo I had butterflies in my tummy, it's all because of what we'll be facing on Monday  hbu?
@triumvir aw man.. your sale is on my birthday.... too bad i'm way too far away to attend...  otherwise i would be there..
@trix_mcrmy  ohhh,darling...Did you ask why to your friend about it ? talk to ur friend about it ? ( Dont sad babe =( T.T
@trix_mcrmy aww, that sucks 
@trix_mcrmy That's horrible 
@trixarya: good morning to u my friend! I need coffee! 
@trixie_17 Thanks Sweetheart. I'm so upset about this 
@trixie360 crap, I just sent you an email and forgot to mention that I'm also a ghost hunter 
@trixie360 it didnt work for me or i would've 
@trixie360 it's dead for me at the moment 
@trixie360 So many of them require years of experience. I have months. 
@trixie360 we sure are!!!! I am so sad not to be there!  
@trixie360 Will = fail imo 
@trixietraci Unfortunately, that duet song was a false rumor that does not appear on this new album.   I wonder if it will ever surface?
@trixxaayyy There na ? Awww.  I`ll watch later \/
@trixxaayyy Yes. B-) Waiting for my dad to go online though.  My mom is excited to see the pasalubong he bought for her eh. :| )
@trizzo83 I've never been &amp; I really want to go now... 
@trky1 i suck. i'm sorry 
@trniii my dad is a fish too! ugggh! i think i know enough not to drown, but i would like to be more efficient, better all around 
@trniii no! he said it as a genuine &quot;goodbye&quot; on the phone. i thought he was going to say &quot;have a nice day' but he said life instead  
@trniii no, thats what i would tell my younger self...lol i could be done next year  and start off making $500/day...what was i think??
@trniii ok im not sad anymore...that leads me to think about what else i say to you that you dont pay attention too...sad again 
@trniii thats what he said..i dont think i could pull the trigger 
@trniii you're quiet now  are you finally in shock from your lack of sleep?
@trobin40 Also, one of my closest girlfriends, the best person to go out with, is on vacation 
@Trobo1 I sure was 
@Trobo1 I wish I'd been at the game. 
@trohman I think this is the week of dumbass shit  im sorry dude, I hope whatevers going on gets fixed
@trohman sends you a b12 shot and some orange juice 
@trohman want worse? visit ireland! 3rd year of rain in a row! 
@trohman yes, Yes it is.... can't believe its not in the TT anymore... 
@troiboi cool thanks will do wen i get up cos cant c dm's from fone 
@trokies76 @pocket_poptart  Thanks guys - shaggy OK. Just didn't realise how much has gone with no cut  Was trying to grow those bits too!
@Trokse_Eskort nope sure don't know one 
@TROLL_ST_TROLL FOR REAL THIS TIME. 
@TrollbaneSana I'll star that &amp; check later on my PC. iPhone won't link. 
@tromboneforhire i havent been on the zune marketplace in a week or so  but i need too! =]
@tromboneforhire Indeed, I loved that show as well...but I love the deeper science &amp; methodology in Forenisc Files ;) No Robert Stack tho 
@tromboneforhire lol very true...at times i wish i liked beer b/c its cheep...i just cant get used to the taste 
@tronicsfan .. whoa .. no one gets the credit okay ? Its all the baby's .. sleep a little while tweeting and I'm caught 
@Troop081 i think its just hate, idk, i dont like it 
@troozers @damiancb Can't really argue with that, she's not wrong - I just drew the Venn diagram and Tipton thought it was a pair of tits 
@TropicalSun84 I can't make it, I have a double-header work day: The museum, then Twist-N-Shout, sorry!   Good luck though!
@tropigalia There's this new policy that family members can't work at the same store, and we're not sure they will make an exception. 
@tropikana girl alot better! ive been sick as hell all week and somebody gave me some antibiotics i was allergic too so its been all bad 
@TROPIKANA morning babe!! @missday is sick as heck. Poor baby might need to go to the hospital 
@troptraditions I have been using TTCO for over 6 years!! The best!!! Waiting with baited breath for next coupon...missed last one. 
@troubalex Not really good days for Germany regarding new laws being passed at the moment 
@troubelle sad times...just when I thought I wouldn't feel like the fat kid not getting chosen for the dodge ball team 
@Trouble_Maker85 you missed a good night  later there was about 7 of us
@trouble0106 Awww hun thanks-missed you too.  Phone's playing up so cannot use it to Tweet &amp; I just never seem to have time to be online 
@trouble0106 Yeah I found it out. It's Begging You by Madcon it was played so much this weekend it's annoying 
@trouble2111 i haven't had tim tams since the meet-up &amp; even then, i only had one. hmmm... ugh. 
@troublebrother if you're still intent on the week of 28 June, sadly I will miss #SELTweetup. 
@TroublePandaPR aww  I was hoping we both could jam out together
@TroublePandaPR I used tu have a 360 at least 4 times but kept getting the RROD  so I shifted tu tha #ps3
@troverbay21 ha, exactly! I forgot what it was called. I've already requested like 6  a bunch of his originals and others. Haha. Yay!
@TroyBarrett @goursote ...if Mousavi will ever be able/willing to deliver what people on the streets yearn for... It's so complicated 
@Troyboy300 likes Twilight 
@troyearnest rain!  oh no!
@troyeatsbrains sure just tell yourself that to make yourself feels better about being soo mean 
@troyjh  what's at 2:45?
@troyjh @ChontelleBourke Oh the religion debate is a futile one. I agree with Chontelle with the &quot;Let it be&quot; statement... yes I lurked 
@troyjh i am a bit precious.. ah i miss my imaginary friends wish i knew were they were hah 
@troyjh tried it n it didn't work hm 
@troykids You sputtered 
@troynt video came out black, with your voice. Probably don't have the right codecs 
@TroyStith I can't get any 
@TroyStith Jeremy leaving totally sucks  Talented guy, he'll bounce back! 
@troytaylor86 Hey Uncle Troy! u gong live again today. I missed ya past 2 live streams  but these songs r HOT! Cant wait for da mixtape!
@troytaylor86 i fell asleep....i missed it again 
@troytaylor86 Still can't download it..  It's tryna open up w/ Pro-Tools instead of iTunes.. When I try to do it manually it still won't.
@Troyzee so bummed that I miss it  *shakes fist at uni*. Had a good night then?
@trpilot im feel verey tired  madry chasawy 9j !!!!!!!!!
@trpilot oops  then u should go and try to have fun to change ur mood
@TRSann we wouldnt say anything if she chilled a bit, hahaha im sorry you got the brunt of that 
Watching USA vs. Honduras as well as PIttsburgh vs. Detroit, Pitt is losing 
watching veronica mars. my chest hurts 
Watching veronica mars...forgot how good this show was 
Watching VH1 Classic Pop Up Video - 4 Non Blondes 'What's Up'. When did music from '93 become &quot;classic&quot;? 
Watching VH1 with my girlfriend. &quot;Brooke Knows Best&quot; is making me tear up.  Divorce is rarely fun.
watching vid of mcfly and jonas brothers performing stargirl....going to cry....i wish i was there right now!!!! 
watching videos and feeling lonely 
watching videos of faith no more at download (including pokerface/chinese arithmetic!!!). i can't believe i wasn't there to see them 
Watching videos of the riots in Iran.... 
Watching videos on Youtube and thinking.. Jason Michael Carroll needs to come back to WA SOON!!! September was too long ago 
Watching videos on youtube.... AAAHHHH my head hurts SOoo BAD!!! UGH 
Watching Vids of Britney's circus tour on youtube! How i miss it! 
Watching Walk The Line, though I missed the beginning half.  Wish i saw it.
Watching WALL-E and wishing I was at opgrad  but I'm a junior :O
watching Wall-E waiting for my baby to get done and come back 
watching Wanted with donnie and mickey. pizza 2 nights in a row. i still have 5 speech journals to write 
Watching War of the Worlds tonight! Brickfilming ideas still suck. 
Watching 'we are marshall' in marketing its actually a good movie. But it makes me wanna cry. 
Watching Wedding Crashers... I wish Allen was home tonight! 
watching West Wing and missing John Spencer! 
watching whale wars  stupid ppl who r killing the whales
Watching whale wars, missing australia heaps 
Watching when @aplusk Punk's Nick Lachey with jessicas &quot;fake relatives!&quot; Never saw this one! Haha funny! Awwww I miss jess and nick! 
Watching Why did I get married? Jilly from Philly needs to beat his a$$!  Hate being up this early after being up so late. 
watching willy wonka. finished watching the third season of buffy  think im going to take a shower now.
watching wimbledon before class this morning...crazy that i was sitting in the stands there 1 year ago...definately missing london today 
Watching woolf creek .. Bloody scary film  thinking about going to sleep as I do have to revise tomorrow  x
Watching worlds smallest people.. Its sad 
watching wrestling .. knowing mr. kennedy will not be there 
Watching WWE/Wrestling andlookingfor my gum urghhh were is it 
watching X-Men and waiting on Mee Shell to get outta the shower. Mac &amp; Cheese for lunch... no solids yet. I still want a cheeseburger 
Watching Yellowcard on youtube. where the old and good punk-pop go? 
Watching yo gabba gabba! Wish ari was with me. 
Watching Young Guns II - very underrated IMHO, very nostalgic - time to take one last hike in the West tonight 
watching youtube clips of Jay Leno's last show. I live in a bubble, I didn't realize that happened, I am a bit saddened about it. 
watching zathura  then gonna do some math homework 
WATCHING: The Sarah Connor Chronicles, season 2. Top show, shame it didn't get renewed for a 3rd season 
watchingg the tv andd boreddddd 
Watching'Moulin Rouge'..so bored... 
Watchn &quot;walk hard&quot; at home.. Sooo tired 
watchn 16&amp;Pregnant w/ the bf. i swear child birth is the scariest shxt in the world to me. all my parts are hurtn frm just watchn it   ...
watch'n grey's anatomy right now! Izzy's tumours getting worse! 
WATCHN REV RUNZ SHOW.....SO BORED   
Watchng Farrah Fawcett Story . Sooo Sad  unbelievable strength and positive energy w/ such a disease..  b grateful 4 lfe its not prmsed
Watchu think.. double belly button rings, or not?  Since the madre doesn't agree with the back piercing.. 
Watchung the new programm. Allways the same old stuff 
Watcing Boyz 'N' The Hood -   Saddd 
Watcing the dark knight   its almost over..
Water conducts heat much better than cotton. Experimental proof: pick up a hot baking tray with a damp tea towel. I did. 
Water fight in the Park was so cool! 4C 4ever I promese you guys  @_Marine tu me montreras c'que t'as achetÃ©s?Ce soir t'es ou? Love you!!
water fight was cockblocked if you will by deans lol somehow they found out. ummm schools over!  regents all week 
Water in my ear... Won't come out  didn't make it to work- again...
water is not good to drink 
water pipe blown, water under the house, developing terminated.  #unnecessary_shit
Watering in front stopped when I washed out an ant colony in front garden. Swarmed &amp; bitten. All over shoe, sox, garden hose. 
Watermelon for desert, kids bathed, Aria asleep, waiting for Josiah to fall asleep...he thinks there are monsters in the new house 
Waters off and i need to peeeeeeeeee 
wath are you doing?    i have nothing to do! 
wathcing taiwainese drama....I probably should start reading some books already   Don't wanna sleep. else, my nose will get stuffy again
wathin' CSI...I miss Grissom 
Wathing a very creepy final destination like movie :s HEELP 
watin friends! i miss that show  i hope they make a movie of it!
Wating 4  HCG.... the wait seems to be endless.. 
wating for the next metal gear 
wating to be seen in CAB oh my life its grim 
wat's up ya'll i didnt tweet all day because my day hasnt been very eventful. 
watxhin sum movie wit jackie chan...i c slackness goin on :-0 lol phone had went dead  lol
Wavy hair 
waw , the watter was great , too bad that it will rain tomorrow  yeah the sky is going to show my feelings - csause I'm gonna write 2tests
Way 2 early 2 be up working 
Way 2 windy n high chance of storm- gave away 2 awesome seats 2 White Sow game. 
way ill  and has 2 maths papers to do before mum gets home. Is that humanely possible?
way over everything right now  * leave loves or text it xoxo ashley &lt;3
Way past my bed time &amp; I'm still not done   BUT, I did a blog post so all's not lost. I RESERVE THE RIGHTTO CHANGE - http://is.gd/125eg !
Way tired!!  Missing @ksobe1230  http://myloc.me/4qLo
Way to early to be up on a Sunday. I have a birds nest at my window as soon as they wake up, I wake up  beautiful morning though LOL
Way to go cynthia woods whatta.  Way 2 screw up some awsome concert lighting plots.  
Way to go Magic  3-2 now on to Game 6 in Orlando and hopefully not Game 7
Way to go. Managed to celebrate #summer solstice a full 12 hours too early 
Way to just not tweet me anymore 
Way to much rain here 13 out of the last 15  â™« http://blip.fm/~8cevy
Way to nice of a day to be at work but that's where I'll be for the next 3 days. 
way to waist a few hours. big big big file was almost done, harddrive decides to unplug itself somehow.  epic fail.
way too early 
Way too early to be up  I think I will go back to sleep when I get home
way too freakin sleepy  work 11-6.
Way too hot and sticky on this bus 
Way too hot for softball today   WIsh it was a bye week... going to be sweating buckets :/
Way too hot outside. I do not like this. Please come back winter 
Way too hot today...  of course, wearin a suit doesn't help.. At all..
Way too much liquor. 
Way too stressed out 
way too tired 
way too tired &amp; my face hurts  i need a week to be a recluse and not leave the house
way too tired but can't sleep. feeling sick 
Way too tired n hungry essay to early  hopingto get second wind soon
Way too tired to workout tonight 
way too tired tonight, and it's too hot   I don't want to move...
Wayne Allwine recorded his part in the new Kingdom Hearts game just days before his death... 
Wayne has a bloody headache  and the lady next to me on the bus with strong purfume is not helping!
Wayyy too drunk last night .... and I lost my ID 
Wayyy too early. I don't like this. I need coffee 
wayyyy too tired to do anything, can't be bothered going to work  and i think i've figured out tweetdeck!
wayyyyyyy toooooooo tireddddddd 
wazzup. poor followers 
wcbf where are youuuuuuu? 
We all found significant others to occupy our time this summer and our group kind of drifted apart. I kinda miss us 
We all have to go back to school tomorrow.Today is the end of the four-day vacation.Feel a little bit disappointed. 
we all know whats coming. http://charcoalink.files.wordpress.com/2008/01/dorothy.jpg &lt;--bye bye 
we all wish we could get our self a mcfly boy but it might not happen we wish it will but its not as easy as u think   
We always miss #FF  Thanks for the shout-outs @Cool_Cups and @DRYSoda! Gotta show love to our vendors
WE ARE 7th ON THE LADDER!!  we are sinking lower and lower every week boys! Where did that flare we had in round 1 and 2 go?
We are a lil under 11 hrs away from OTH's season finale? How many already bought their box of tissue? I am sooo broken hearted 
We are at dio deka in los Gatos.  Cathie keeps trying to talk about antimatter....yawn 
We are back. Another good session at PACE. Now for the phone call bonanza.... 
We are boarding a plane for Atlanta... Sad.  headed home.
we are chillen here in our hotel! going back home in Indiana.  we &lt;3 it here in NYC!
We are currently mourning Nadal's loss at the French 
We are down a goal, though we have been the better team! 
We are going out of town this weekend and the thought of boarding Brutus scares me to death. My little special needs buddy. 
we are having a MAJOR thunderstorm here and with the LOUDEST thunder i have ever heard on my 28 yrs on this planet!! mommy! 
We are having just the opposite Mich, hot, hot, hot and not a cloud in the sky.  Set record temps yesterday 
We are headed up to Fremont today. Tomorrow is the viewing and then Tuesday is my Grandpa's funeral. It'll be a rough couple of days. 
We are in wait mode. The labor thing isn't progressing. We need definite progress before we head to the hospital. 
We are just friends. I choose you. Just tell me what you want me to do. 
We are keen to get well sloshed tonight - just need somewhere to do it (can't be out = no $$$) 
we are looking forward to daddy returning from work on Saturday. He's been gone a whole month 
We are not going to church this morning  BigL still has no control over tummy issues flaring up.
We are now in Georgia. Lunch break! There is nothing to eat. 
We are off to Animal Kingdom.  No pics of Mickey, Donald, or Goody.  
We are off to Irchester Country Park in a bit, well depending on whether I can shift my headache. 
we are out of the good toothpaste! 
We are perfect .. Together alone. This is so peaceful. The world is wat effs us up 
We are playing finish the song! I'm not very good at it 
we are sad because mom is not at home 
we are sad cause the Spurs lost 
We are sad to hear that the bumble bee may be going extinct as a result of pesticide farming.  
we are setting up for the bday party now then we are headed to chucky cheese!!!!!! but it sucks cuz im really sick!! 
we are sisters  haha we are equal â™¥ haha im missing u soomuch  hahaâ™¥
we are so lucky!!  but not really because we are in school!!!!!!!! 
We are stuck in traffic outside of Memphis 
We are stuck in traffic. not fun. 
we are supposed to march in a parade tonight with our playgroup, weather doesn't look like its gonna cooperate 
We are supposed to prepare for a long day tomorrow so we'll take it easy today. 
We are the normal ones! I am the last of a dying breed 
We are too tired to even go to walmart... 
We are unable to activate your iPhone Developer Program membership because we are unable to successfully verify your identity.  
We are unfortunately still have trouble with our IP transit to our rack in Telehouse 
we are waiting for you...  
we at @siradio should be doing E3 coverage but we fail 
We barter in beer! &gt; problem fixing other people's computer... they never want to give you any money for doing so.  (via @mana_junkie)
We both know I need 2 fall out of love with u. Would be great if u would let me try  Good Nite =*
We bought Wii Fit today. My wii age is 8 yes less than real! Not so complementary about my bmi though 
we broke up. 
We can put a man on the moon but can't cure the common cold! 
We can't use google LBC in Iran? 
we choose our actions. Someone sending their horse to the doggers is a choice they made and find excuses why they made it to feel better. 
We decided to go  Now i'm still sitting in school!
We did not find the book that we need. 
We didnt find the car  But we will keep trying. It probably wont be easy.
We didn't find the treasure as it was too far for me to walk  Hoping to drive to the end tomorrow and find it.  Mother visit luming 
We didn't get to see Clifford at the bookstore.      My daughter started misbehaving, so we had to leave.  
We didn't see Up; Other plans got in the way.... 
We do miss u in LA!!!! 
We don't know results yet   It's going well, though!  Not helping, I know...
we dropped the baton in the 4x1.  so now i'm getting ready for the open 400. wish me luck!
We eat out every night!! I want a nice home cooked meal 
We failed that song 
we finally have loud music fit for weekends. @adityab me misses apache  and weekends there.
We forgot the camera battery. On pictures to bring back 
We forgot to watch Harper's Island tonight 
We found a tick on Lilly! Thanks for nothing K9 Advantage 
We found slurpees!   Then Clare threw up!  
We get three movies on the flight to Hawaii and I don't want to see any of them 
We go outside to get me some medicine and we get to my car and my window is busted out with my radio gone along with my bff keys and ipod 
We go to Findley Market to be eco-friendly and we spend 30+ minutes cruising for a parking place. 
We got a 100 dollar tip, so I got 50 bucks! But now were blocked in 
We got a baby pheastant today. It was only like 2 days old. He might die  god bless you Louie the Pheasant Chick xx
we got fryred again  our follower related scaler didn't fire up any AMI's
We got one day of sun and I'm already sunburnt!!... 
We got raped by 7th graders at science decathlon.  Boo.
We got stunk in an elevator yesterday and it took 2 hours to get us out! 
We got the FCAT scores back yesterday but they cant tell us what we got 
we got turned away at the gate by the faker than a rent a cop guy.  tear 
We gotta cover our posies tonite cuz its supposed to freeze 
We gotta find you  
We had a beautiful rainbow in front of our house. Too bad it was too light to get a good picture. 
We had a fun raiser for Paws (No kill animal shelter) last night; due to the weather we raised $40.00. 
We had a Funeral for our hamster 
We had a little hiccup in our power this morning (weird, since there was no rain) and I slept in  Off to the market a bit late today!
We had a long drive to SC! I can't wait to get back home  By the way, what's all about this Twitter thing, I signed up yesterday!
We had a MAJOR thunderstorm come thru here a while ago. Power is completely out.  
We had a tofu slumber party and @mikflo says I was talking in my sleep. I was having nightmares, ok! 
We had DQ for lunch. I didn't score anything cool today at the antique stores. 
we had maypole practice today for scroll night on weds and we spend all our time in gym on that. Tomorrow 2hrs!!!  I'd rather run a mile.
We had the best time at the beach yesterday; Grandson was making everyone sand burgers and sand chili... They will be going home today.. 
we had the best time lastnight!!!! wooo hooo ! i can take on the world now. (just after i finnish my hw  lol)
We had to cancel our show last night, sorry to anyone who was wanting to see us. We really wish we could have played. 
we had to come inside because there was a stupid wasp sitting near me 
We had to eat mre's 
We had to leave the 2nd stage. The crowd was insane and S was terrified. B had to try &amp; break up a fight as we left. Dumbass drunk people 
We had to put down our prince &quot;Garfield&quot; this morning.  He was our 14-year- old kitty and was like a member of our family. I am very sad 
we have 6 confirmed cases of H1N1 in Massachusetts now  
WE HAVE A *THREE HOUR* MEETING 2DAY @ WORK.. YAAAAY.. SO EXCITED  .. (KILL ME NOW PLZ!)
we have a confession, we both got pregnant at a @SongzYuuup concert. 
We have a new place to live!!  Moving July 10th!!  Can't wait to have the &quot;family&quot; together again...so sorry April!  
We have a powercut 
We have all the good movies on VHS  like..In The Army Now, Days of Thunder, Jumanji..even Spiderman. I am so bored, no good DVD's 
We have all those memories and your gonna watch them fade.  Sink Into Me;
We have alot to get done today! @Kornflake1 When will you be in? I got one window logo up yesterday! No room 4 web address tho 
we have been out swimming in the lake here the last couple of days, but now it rains again 
We have been riding in taxi for 1.5hrs. Still in traffic. Looks like we're going to miss our flight 
we have danced all night long but now she is away...  miss u!
We have family coming over so...what am i doing today? Cleaning 
We have had a Service 5 breakdown  getting a replacement out asap but there is currently a gap in service. Really sorry!
We have had two power outages at work. I don't know if we're on the grid or auxiliary power right now. Computer reset third time today. 
we have no biscuits 
We have no car atm..so no car = no school. Lol. It sucks though cos i can't go anywhere 
We have no eggs 
We have our talented actors and yet they still spend their time in u.s - liam hemsworth, hugh jackman.. 
we have really big black clouds and the sun has gone 
We have small group at neighbor's at 7:30 &amp; hubby went in early so he'd make it home in time but he's not home...prob have to go w/o him 
We have some beautiful flowers in the garden and now also in the house. Cocoa has been trying flower arranging, all over the floor 
We have that wet stuff this morning  and hope mother nature gets her ACT togother  soon 
We have the Air Con people in the office today trying to get it working, Again!!!. It was baout 28c all day yesterday. Not comfortable. 
We have the chance for severe weather in Dayton tomorrow. Actually tomorrow night so I might stay late, on Friday  - @ least I'm not up @2
We have the new Dear Hunter album in the store but I can't buy it till Tuesday. 
we have to play outside in austin tx its freaking hot 
We have to return all of our books tomorrow... it feels awkward! I'm gonna miss my class 
we have to wear our visors at work now. 
We haven't talked for days. 
We Heart Our Hive - Q And Not U ][ not much songs on blip  @fredsablan ooh, death from above 1979 &lt;3 yay your... ? http://blip.fm/~5gzch
We install Anti-virus programs so that our computers will run better, free of viruses. Although AV programs themselves slow your PC down 
We involved in an accident.Luckily no one hurt but our car is seriously damage  Cancel today's plan.
we just came in  stupid bugs came out =P
We just can't seem to win this weekend...bummer 
we just drifted apart really...and he sort of found someone else  yes wine aplenty...off to the gym with my Mum!speak to you later xxx
we just dropped off my brother and boyfriend off at the airport 
We just drove out to 63 diner. Line is out the door.  another time.
We just finished 10 seasons of Friends in two months  Now what are we going to watch?!!??!
We just found a mommy hedgehog dead.  Wish us luck on raising her three beautiful little babies. Poor little fellows....
We just got our key made!! Over a hundred dollars later!!! 
We just got our spots At the show... We missed both the sounds and paramore    good news: we did NOT miss no doubt!
We just got pulled over  and the officer accused us of drinking! What a dick
We just had a letter to say our mortgage payments are going up 
We just hit a bird!! 
We just lost in beer pong  but my boyfriend is amazind so its ok
We just really miss Grade Seveen.  Freshie naa! @-) @funny4ains @LITTLEWINDMILL
We just started having our bbq and it started raining  lol
We just started our first &quot;batch&quot; of dialysate with the new PureFlow system. Can't use it because it hasn't been tested through the lab. 
We leave for Seattle this afternoon.  Back to work on Monday. John goes back to Dublin tomorrow. ;-( Three weeks went too fast.
We leave tomorrow 
we live in a cruel cruel world  
We live in a sex orientated world. 
We live separate lives... Its sad really... My kids are learning everything so wrong bcus he doesn't wanna be here 
We lost  were going to sonic tho!! 
We lost a kitty   Anyone seen an orange cat on cap hill? It's kind of fat and probably doesn't answer to the name &quot;Merrin&quot;
we lost another 1 of the abandoned ducklings through the night despite our best efforts to keep it alive 
We lost at softball...again  We have another game on Wednesday....hopefully we can do better
we lost in netball  but we'll win in tennis tomorrow.
we lost our bracket game today so we arent in the semi finals!! boo  somone lost the game for us!
We lost our sweet Bridget mommy Yorkie @ 9:38am May 31. 16 yrs of unconditional love. My heart broken. Tks 2 all 4caring thoughts+prayers 
we lost the football match *quelle surprise! &lt;-- quelle drole* and i want kfc 
We lost.  But Dockyard's Wave Of Mutilation was RAD!
We lost.  umpires fuckin suck  &lt;~ mc sexy  ~&gt;
We love London..... SHOWTIME!!!!!! it was a busy day.. 
We love on a hill but you have to go into at least one valley to get here from town. @alex_Landefeld still hasn't made it home. 
We made it home safe! I'm feelin kinda sick   House of Heroes Meets the Beatles EP comes on on June 9!!!!!!
We may be rained out T-storms.... not looking good  back at the hotel on call until we hear other wise....
We may have to stop looking for a really old place and settle on a place that suits our needs.  The old places are all too small. 
We might as well send the camcorder back seeing that we can;t use it properly. 
We miss us some Jim!!! 
We miss you in Brisbane 
We missed da show 
We missed you @maggieofthemoon!!! 
We move around. what a hassle 
We need 25 subscribers in 1 day to reach the target of 300 by the end of May. Not looking good 
we need more followers 
We Need More Shows! help us out the red chord headline got cancelled  www.myspace.com/desolatedmetal
We need some rain before it's too late!! Our crop is going to blow this year 
We need the toilet nt letin us go ANYWHDRE 
we need to go shopping together!! 
We need to reset the height on those cameras.... 
we no longer party sober 
we now have a leaking skylight 
We now have people who are famous for being famous. Why dont they put normal people in the house? Always going for the extremes 
we NZers feel left out mars  #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming
we only found out history and i got 47.5%. eeeekk didn't pass 
We only talked like once.. but I can't stop thinking about you.. 
We passed a Pinkberry and my mom doesn't want to stop 
We played a bad show 
We played Diablo for an hour or two. I think she is bored 
We Pushed Coach Katie in the pool today : p Then she went off the diving bord and pulled her calf muscle. Now she cant walk 
we pushing for a Feb.2010 release for the debut...i doubt it tho  but still that good news lol
We put my dog down and buried her today...i never thought i'd miss her THAT much. 
we r being rebels 2day and we're skippin church.  we r goin 2 brevins for bfast. we hope 2 enjoy the rest of the day.
we r fans of da PHOENIX SUNS (STEVE NASH) bt since dey couldnt make it to da playoffs  we chose da Magics to win n so far we were right
we r gonna fight this summer. lolIowe u like 2yrs worth of punches since u left 
We really do love our dog...poor baby.  4 seizures in 20 minutes and another trip to the emergency vet...  *sigh*
We really need to keep doing our parts to help find a cure for cancer. Too many lives have been loss to cancer. RIP Aunt Alice I love you 
We saw a huge deadly snake, and I didn't even get a picture 
We saw Terminator tonight. I was really liking all the blow 'em up stuff, then the ending came and just ruined the whole show. 
We scrapped the Mean Kitty video because Sparta just isn't cooperating.  This is probably the 4th time in a row 
we seem to have lost our day    oh day, where are you going?
We should be finishing up the meeting now but we are still waiting on 6 people. Two if us have been here since 11. 
We should pray for the injured &amp; families of the killed in the Washington subway crash.   http://tinyurl.com/lw58ow
we sleep all day.. the weather sucks 
We still can't believe that Danny G. was sent home last night on AM. Idol 
We still have friday left  this week never ended! Ugh
We think this one was hurt by a cat also... It can't move its wings  http://yfrog.com/59qjkj
We think we know people who call us their friends but for them we are just another toy to play and dump when they are bored... 
We thought we would be slick by cutting the line and now we don't get free ice cream. 
we took 6th in iowa  today was boaring
We totally forgot about splash! 
We tried 8 different cars and shot 6 of them. No time to waste! Crappy rainy wheater though... 
We tried to break into Holiday In with the key-card we found, so we could go swimming. Didn't work. 
we tried to watch LotR: FotR but we got slightly over halfway and we all fell asleep. go Frodo. SLEEPYTIME. second last sleep 
We understand death for the first time when he puts his hand upon those we love. 
We wait for the weekend then what??....rain....wander round town aimlessly..then me here talking to myself ..and him?...pub!So exciting 
We wanna cross!! Lol, but the parade is in the way 
we wanted 2 show up as a family. so, we waited. by the time he arrived, we had only an hr left &amp; his booth was sold 2 some other partiers 
We wanted to bottle the 2009 Primeur Edition of our New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc. But one of the neck parts #bottlingmachine was too small 
we went out to eat and i was really looking forward to soup but the only options have meat  
we went to see brokeback mountain-which was kinda horrible lol...
We were due to make a special guest appearance @tweetcamp this weekend but restraining orders prevent us 
we were going camping this weekend but it looks like it is going to be another soaker 
We WERE going to go to Joe's Crab Shack for dinner..and found out on google they closed the one in Chesterfield Mo 
We were going to go today but didn't.  
We were invited late. Literally like an hour ago . So we r guilty for not bringin a gift.  lol soweee. They could take a rain check
We were retarded drunk last night and I left my wallet in the cab.  Wamp Wampppppppp.
we were sailing alonggggggg on moonlight bayyyyy. i miss hey arnold. 
We were suppose to go camping this weekend, bad weather changed those plans 
We were suppose to perform at the UEFA finale in June, but it was cancelled, it's sucks like hell! 
We will do our best to get coupons out this week, last week's mailing was delayed slightly 
We woke up this morning and found Freyja had passed in the night unexpectedly. We'll miss her! 
We won our last game,  and thawed out on the way home. Going to grab a hot shower and get jammies on, did I mention I am getting sick? 
We won silver yesturday \/ pero sayang yung gold 
We won the gold...ankle is sore 
We won't be purchasing a home this year  *tear* but defiantly next year, we hope.
We`ll never forget you, Bro. Ceci. 
Weâ€™re chasing stars to lose our shadow Peter Pan and Wendy turned out fine â™¥  
Weak ass graduation practice tomorrow...  
Weak workout tonight. 
Weakest storm/power outage ever, it only lasted 40 secs. 
weakly wednesday. 
Wearing glasses gives me a headache. 
wearing jacket in June  
Wearing my bunny PJ pants that have red paint all over them. It looks like a bunny massacre 
wearing my favorit ftsk shirt signed by : @iamjonathancook @djknucklehead @marcftsk @austinbello  sadly the signatures are fading 
Wearing my old Cheshire Cat pajama's, and they're a lot tighter on me than they were a few years ago. 
Wearing my philippine flag as a cape. Why aren't there any asians on this side of campus? 
wearing my xs shirt. 18 more days 
Wearing suit and sneaks for commute and I know it's wrong but I feel like a high-powered lesbian 
wearing this foot brace for my sprained ligament has worn me down alot today  so tired
wearing yesterday's pants 
Weather = gross. Spring warmth needs to stayyy 
Weather change. causing a head ache.  Have to work today, causing a bigger headache!  LOL
weather definitely suits my mood. awful night. just want to sleep. or at least not go to school. 
weather forecast for the next 5 days : rain 
Weather forecast looks dreadful  Plan your weekend with 95 fantastic (&amp; dry) ideas from our Rainy Days Out list http://tinyurl.com/mvwgje
Weather forecast not looking good for my weekend in the city...  
Weather forecast ridiculously good for weekend and I still feel crappy. 
Weather gone bad  x
weather has been really good all week and because i am going college it is really raining. 
Weather have made us go and touch hell! What a crap! Cant even work properly! AC too is not able to control the situations ! 
Weather is awesome am ready for rollerbladin got my blades and all but got to resist and rest for tonight  one day off fitness won't hurt
weather is drizzly   going to walmart to replace defective dvd player, which is a NECESSITY this &quot;summer&quot; 
weather is great and I have to sit at work  .... but got my hotel voucher today - London Baby !! *happy*
weather is looking rather terrible now. Weekend washout? 
Weather is minging to day after such a nice day yesterday  got college as well  but no college 2 moz wo0o0op  xx
Weather is miserable and i'm sleep deprived 
weather is not good for my plans today 
Weather is questionable, no more Chicago today   Spring Cleaning instead.
Weather is reflecting my mood, feeling poorly and fed up 
Weather is so nice outside and I'm way to tired to enjoy it 
Weather is too nice to be sat at desk facing the service lift 
Weather isn't looking very good for my soccer game 
Weather like this makes me sad 
Weather looks nasty 
Weather not great so Lots of sorting and other jobs to do today  Just as well we made the most of the weather yesterday 
Weather outlook isn't the best for a HUGE sidewalk sale today (rain)  Today's goals: 30% PV&quot;S, 100% PP &amp; $0.75 in Con!
weather related car accident.  He died last week.  @vero21v@DevineNews I'm sorry but what happend to Jared?
Weather seems to be getting worse 
Weather so warm, I'm sad I'm leaving Vancouver.    Someone jar some sunshine for me!
Weather sucks ass today 
weather sucks today 
weather sucks today  ... perfect time to get my bike to inspection and do some left over work from last week #motorcycle #work #fb
Weather sucks!!... It's raining again!! 
Weather warm up! I want to go to the beach 
weather.com's 10-day forecast shows rain, showers, t-storms, etc... EVERY SINGLE DAY UNTIL NEXT SATURDAY 
Weather?! You there? Get sunnier already -.- It's almost july 
weatherman says rain all weekend and hot and sunny next monday/tues. sounds like the usual: rain when I'm off, perfect days when I work 
Weather's rubbish today! 
Weather's too good to be stuck in the office today  Got the door open at least!
Web design camp soon... The last day 
Web trends show far more interest in Britain tonight in the Apprentice final than the European Union elections. Tempted to disown country 
Webby gone  Watching Britains Got Talent, Aiden is sooo sweet. He looks like the dude from the Bill.
webcam still wont work  evil stuffs.
Website not done yet  tomorrow...I promise. Night! I have to be up early for P90X
Webtogs.co.uk is a great online store for outdoor equipment - if only the shipping wasn't so expensive! I'll have to try Mahers in town 
wedding bells are ring and im stuck. stuck in wis while everyone else is in cali.. 
Wedding done! Now off to beach if weather permits! 
Wedding makeup to do this morning. Thunder &amp; pouring rain - not a great day for the bride. 
Wedding parties all fn day @work....happy,but I dont foresee my wedding...ever... 
Wedding Singer on vh1! I cant watch the end of this movie w/o crying 
Wedding time 
Wedding today at the Four Seasons Beverly Hills. No 5DII, just EX1 
wedding today, another brother bites the dust  lol
Wedding today... not mine :L  urgh, I hate having to dress up    Nobody gets that though.... *total tomboy*
wedding tonight 
Weddings over  Lost my purse and was found on the street.
Weddings suck when theres no chicks your age. 
Wedi rhoi gormod o siwgr ar fy mefus  Tartrwydd wedi mynd.
Wednesday (it is also wear-a-tie-day  )
wednesday blues 
Wednesday is already not being nice to me 
Wednesday sucks! 
Wednesday; Sunshine: 70% Rain: 10% 22/25degrees. And than is my birthday! But I don't celebrate it that day 
weds last day of school but tomorrow will be for me finals finals finals all day ugg. specially for someone who don't feel good 
Weeding out some followers makes me feel better, until I realize they unfollow me too  Wahhh wahhh!
Weeds is distracting me from finishing my econ.  
weeeak, i didnt finish my movie, BUT thats kinda goood cause then i'd be crying my eyess outttt 
weeee, i'm bored &amp; i don't feel good. 
Weeeee! No more work until next Thursday! Well, unless you count things like washing, cleaning, walking dogs.........................damn 
WEEEEEEE! Goin' on a road trip! Mommy says I have to get off Twitter for a while     C'ya on the road!  We'll take our puter.
weeeeeehehehe got a tweet from Chattyman! but not from Alan Carr himself 
weeeeell shit, W7RC1 needs 8GB and this partition only has 1.75 left on it...looks like i have to back stuff up after all 
Weeeelll, I think it's time to study a little bit... how boring!!! 
weeh in half an hour they're going to start calling us when we haven't passed our exams. I think I failed 
week  so thank you so much!  now i get to stay in pain for another week
Week 6 Day 1 - 25, 30, 20, 15, 45 http://hundredpushups.com I've actually moved backwards because of poor results on the exhaustion test. 
Week 8 Day 4: Drove to the Y to workout, but didn't stop.  
Week end malato 
Week left being 21.  gonna start lying about my age
Week Three of Field School! Out to the Field and then home for some dinner and mischief! No Sox tonight  But Wake and the boys tomorrow!
Weekday stress replaced by Friday evening stress..... 
weekend  i have to do so much for school 
weekend = work = suckiness = 
Weekend all done  12 hr shifts  oof
Weekend at the cape is over. The bridge is coming up soon 
weekend ditinggal suami ngantor.. *huh.. 
weekend duty on standby.... wtf.... why do they have to do such things to me 
weekend extinguishing fires 
Weekend gone to quick 
Weekend in review: Cavs lost  I won a little bit of money and related well with my cousin from Florida... Now the fun begins
Weekend is about to end 
Weekend is almost over. Still a diner, and the train back home. 
Weekend is already over 
weekend is already over  but at least the flooring is done.
weekend is coming to an end...busy Monday will be here so soon 
@trswift aww really? that was me monday morning = 0 hrs sleep haha. yesss! i don't have time to read anymore 
@trswift haha like always;) just finished tutoring 
@trswift i had a lot of fun. and it was freezing 
@TruBty No I'm ready to jump off the curb head first again! Please help me do this by pushing me  and no I'm not talkin bout ur wet twat!
@Trucco905 i put on oil! :L and sat out all day!  but im in SO much freekin pain now! i wish - i ate them all when i was chilling! haha 
@Trucco905 Yes they are.  Things have been crazy at work lately...past 2-3 month he's been away so much (every other week at least).Thanks
@Truckdrivernews sorry to hear about your foot I understand have 2 bad ankles took the xpress rte from top of trailer 13'6 hit concrete 
@TruckerDesiree wish I were up there me been cutting grass trimming shrubs  it is so hot and humid.
@trudyp69   It is raining here...
@true_narnianxx yes xD I wantz to read more 
@truebloodnet aww, nothing's pulling up.  
@truebloodnet TMZ caught Alex on the street and he said something kinda douchey!  Boo 
Week-End is Expiring 
Weekend is near! Until then, a lot of work to do...for nothing  life sucks (sometimes)
weekend is nearly gone ...  ... 3.50 the night will be over
weekend is over  back to studying before finals
Weekend is over already??  I'm soooo sleepy still...
Weekend is over, yet again. 
Weekend is over. Im really gonna miss everyone, i dont want to go back to sweden just yet. 
Weekend looks sloppy  Looking forward to a great week with great customers!
Weekend over too quickly for me 
Weekend was so so... hate it when it is windy and chilly hard to get anything done. Had bad feeling... read this morning a plane crashed 
Weekend Weather : warm but rain showers Sat. Heavier rain Scotland N England Sun  Sunny Spells elsewhere. Have a great weekend
weekend went by so fast...its already sunday 
weekend went by so quicklyy 
Weekend without my little man  so not into it
Weekend yang Membosankan.. 
weekend yet?????????????????????  work is killing me, thanks new girl for quiting.
weekend! unfortunately that brings a presentation and paper to finish 
Weekends are better  I miss my hubby.
weekends are too short 
Weekends are too short.  i hope this week goes by quick!
Weekends are WAY too short 
weekends go by too fast. 
weekend's kinda short this week. 
weekend's over - back 2 monday  Hope i don't go crazy and 'run a muck' ;)
Weekends over  Back to work!
weekends over  school ends in 3 weeks : / summer starts in  20 days  todays my 8 month wit the bf : ^ )
weekends over back to work tomorrow 
weekends.. sorry!! wat was dat again??... the new time table.. starting Monday 8.30 am..ending sunday 10.45 pm.  welcome to secondyear@MDI
Weekly department meetings are 
weekly weigh in: lost less than 1lb. this week  disappointing after last week's 4lbs. Still the least I've weighed since 2004 though...
Week-old fortune: &quot;The constructive use of riches is better than their possession.&quot; This would work better if they would predict things 
Weenie Roast was sicckkk. Surprising best performance goes to Weezer. Loved the MGMT/Lady Gaga Cover. Classic. No surprise Blink 182 tho 
Weezy and Kanye at Club Nokia at the official Lakers Victory Party @djivy holding it down! I am tweeting for her, she got no service 
wefollow.com se me traba 
Wehay! Back online, if Â£90 quid lighter after buying a new router. No sooner had my wallet taken a hit - BT fixed their fault after all 
wehr early day tomorrow  goodnight
Weight 129.6. GAINED!?!? WTF. Don't know why I did nothing different! 
weight liftingg; im missing you tomorrowww 
Weight Loss Surgery Friendly Recipes: http://tinyurl.com/a78ors Today's Blog: Greek Tortilla Pizza &amp; RIP 
Weimer is getting old.  Some muscle atrophy and energy level is going down.   He's about 12yo....  Adopted mix is full of herself tho!
Weird angmoh and I jus parted. Not cool. Have to wait till next weekend that poor boy in camp ok Monday 
Weird day, I didn't feel good all day  I need more sleep, crashing from school...  Miss him.
Weird dreams last night... Anyways woke up and smiled because i thought today was friday. Turns out its thursday. Fml. 
weird dreams while napping 
Weird how the new Safari 4 refuse to launch or/and scroll down pages today... Working fine at home though. Must be my system at work 
Weird laying in bed and loui's not here, or around the house.  :/   
weird my last txt tweet went MIA  anyway, gonna try to nap cause i hardly slept last night
weird that Ed McMahon is dead...  finally done with work stuff today....chillaxin' &lt;3
Weird things that can happen to you: You are hungry but dread the thought of dinner. 
Weird visual studio duplicate menu entries while showing datadude on the OzVAN tonight. Broke half of what I wanted to show. 
Wel rubbish! Last day in Magaluf today 
Welcome new followers!!! I've been a ba-a-a-ad tweeter today. Was busy pretty much the whole day and too lazy to tweet 
Welcome new followers.  I'll tweet u later. I'm heading for the teapot &amp; 2 watch last nigh's EastEnders. I think it's Danny's funeral. 
Welcome to all the new followers of cpapsupplyusa.  Hope you had a great weekend.  It's raining here now  , have a great week!
Welcome to az mom. You're dead asleep on my couch.   http://twitpic.com/6t6jt
Welcome to Friday. The first day of my week 
Welcome to hangover city.. population: me...... time to go to work 
Welcome to heartbreak!  The Mavericks season is over. You can't win a championship if you forgot how to play defense. Very sad! 
Welcome to Sunday. My poor Bobcat (15 yr cranky) has been diagnosed with Feline Leukemia. 
Welcome to the ghost town/office as its May day holiday 
Welcome to the NBA courtney lee 
welcome to Winterpeg again!!! 
Welcome weekend AKA working from home for two days 
well , must gonna sleep earlier . but i can't ! ugh , idk 
well ... i haven't got medusa piercing yet  but I probably will [i hope!] go to the tattoo-piercing studio next friday. wish me luck ;)
Well ... Today I've tempted in The Anchor for 2 hours and spent about the same amount of time on the phone with O2 trying to fix my phone 
Well @#$%, anybody got a new graduation subject for me?  http://bit.ly/djvPb
Well @DrewTek, @twitter is still fightin with me,     so Twitterville, goodnite. maybe it will have it's act together tomorrow. *hugs*
Well @HankMoodyBitch things are dandy. I'm chillaxn at home tonight because I'm showing 5 houses tomorrow. Makes the weekend FLY! 
Well @loveFIDELITY just informed me that she turned her mobile device updates for me off 
Well @valentinegirl20 says were being grown up by not going to the boston show.   wahhh. I don't wanna grow up!!
well 1st fall back job fell through   ...onto the next one
Well after a reboot on the mini the Windows 7 virtual machine won't initialise  Oh well it was interesting while it lasted lolz
Well all good things must come to an end. 
well am i the only 1 online righ now? @mileycyrus pleez dunt be sad 
Well am thinking of joining Bannatynes gym .... could do with loosing a few pounds 
Well ambers gone downstairs.....o can hear the tv on......suppose that's my cue to get up 
well apparently i cant get a palm pre till sometime end of summer according to website, have I mentioned life is NOT fair 
well appearantly im not getting my nails done isnt that just freakin fantastic i was wanting to get them done really bad 
well as much as i hate it looks like da lakers got da championship  shout out 2 kobe bryants gay @ss
Well as quick as that was, I got fat from cereal and didn't get far in my book. No other choice now but read 
well awake,my heads pounding..first day of tour hungover 
well back to work it feels like I just got home  I heard it's going to be hot again business will prob be slow today 
We'll be doing another Pro-Am Comedy show soon ... set for Friday at 8pm Pacific ti.... oh crap, that won't work.   ... plan B.....
We'll be heading for New York to settle the girls into an apartment for school this fall.  Not sure how I'll respond to empty nest here. 
we'll be taking pictures tomorrow! yeay!  but Amalinaa probably will not going to be with us! 
well bens hangin out with dad so i have to go to bed 
well best be off now! todd wants on  goodnight xo
well better go tidy up 
well blech my lovely walk went out the window, the hubby has ideas for me to help him inside instead  meanie
Well boo to all tht against whiskey's  guess I'll b goin alone
Well bummed! Driving lesson not till next week now 
well bye guys if i can i'll call yu at airport or on way to there hmmm longest three weeks of me lifee  ily.
Well bye. I'll be living in hell for a little bit. 
Well child visits on Thursdayâ€¦7 shots between two kiddos. Not cool.  
well colby comment me back, not what i expected. but life goes on.  enjoy life and don't let no boy bring ur happiness into sorrowfulness
well couldnt get up this morning. no more amazing sunny weather either 
Well crap mental comes on tonight too   JustJeff
Well crap the minisd card in my phone fell out.  wish i could upgrade to an iphone.
well cursebird hates me...what a load of shit (maybe that'll work...) fuck it im going to bed...at last! want to be on cursebird though 
well daaaaaaaaaaang i missed a lot as soon as i went to sleep. @zammie255 im so sorry about your awful week and archies show cancelled 
well damn i better learn fast lost some followers 
Well damn if I didn't get on the bus going in the wrong direction.  His sign was wrong.
Well damn!!!! I can't find a normal pic!!!  lol
will miss going to the lakers parade and jb on jimmy kimmel live 
will miss home because I'm going to summer camp 
will miss jay leno .. 
will miss modelyn 
will miss twitter and himm this weekend  bad timess, comes to something when you miss twitter like (N)
will miss vision meeting tonite at church   Gotta work.  Hope all have a great day!
will miss you. 
will nao go back to QC.  i dont kno when i'll be back home. *BYE friends* (bye) http://plurk.com/p/yv0rs
Will never again attend Vedder Middle School 
will never have an eclair in his life 
will no longer follow paulina rubio on twitter bc its mostly her AR web team posting, not her 
Will not be @ decoder ring tonight.  But I get to hang out with Noah tonight so it's not a total fail.
Will not be escaping anytime soon, apparently 
will NOT be going to the beach afterall... sick sick sick sick 
will not be picking up his new iPhone until tomorrow morning 
will not be working for British Energy. Gutted. 
Will not join Archaeo2 Field Trip 
Will people who enjoy making horrible critiques please lay off Susan Boyle?! Never judge a woman till you've walked a mile in her shoes 
will play  http://plurk.com/p/11t0zk
will probably be late to #ultimate training, my alarm didnt work  eating soup now for #breakfast?
Will probably be late to Sponsorship meeting. 
Will probably end up taking my mom to the hospitial. Its not the flu. There's something seriously wrong 
will probably miss #Chuckmemondays tonight 
Well damn, it is possible to &quot;burn&quot; food in a slow cooker.  
well damn. I died.  Damn Whites (undead, not racist haha)
well damn... XD its cold again 
well dang u aint callin me   im so through with all this crap.
Well dang! Now his stay in Republic of Georgia has been extended to end of September. 
well darn i was at 28 followers, dropped back to 22 
Well decided I was going to buy Fever, but it's not able to connect to my database. 
well dnt really knw wot to do stay wit some 1 who doesnt want 2 b wiv me or move home to rents after 4yr of bein away 
well dO to the full house there wAsN't any food left WhEn it came for my TiMe to get some  @princesskeesh
Well done Diversity, Haircut 
well done diversity... UNLUCKY SUBO! 
Well done doing blood work..its hot out again 
well done http://www.nationalrail.co.uk/ doing an excellent job yet again 
Well don't bother with sm presale seems it is dishing out tickets right at the back gutted or what 
Well dreams of a night of passion has died my husband is back 2 having his affair with the couch 
Well eating breakfast was a waste of time. I just threw it all back up again  I knew today wasn't going to be good!
Well eff me, lost just made me nearly cry  man what a bunch of bsssssss! Stupid lost!
will sadly miss teddy and eve while i'm at work. 
Will say over n out, but no doubt will still be awake in an hour  night everyone xxx
Will see him friday ... Missing him loads 
Will sign out of Twitter and enjoy some Rice Bubbles. and probaly watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer! Ouch, my Helix piercing hurts 
will sit in La Cerise for breakfast this morning, then get the bus.. it's raining heavily  I want my walk 
will skip fete de la musique this year... 
will sleep now, duty pa later 
will somebody please talk to me? 
Will someone come look after me cos I'm sooooo sick!! 
Will someone from the coast please answer a question for me? I've asked 2 people and no one has said anything! 
Will someone help me out on how this works all I see is what I type 
will someone please tell me why ? 
Will someone please tweet me? I'm feeling a little untwittered 
Will someone send me a message, I think my Tweet is on the fritz  testing it out
will someone share their dad with me? 
Will someone tell me a bed time story? I had some liquid crack and now I can't sleep. 
will spend her whole day with Heidi. Bon is in Quezon and tomorrow he'll be in Naga.  I miss him already.
will start the summer school in 2 day, freakin terrified here, what if i dont hv any friends?! missing binusians 
will stop making myself sad by looking at pretty things that i do not own and do some revision now 
Will stream Private Practice &amp; Grey's Anatomy tomorrow :&gt; I still can't believe it's Prison Break's last season 
will super miss JOANA.  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/rj8ip
Will take that nice jacket back as i have nowt that goes with it  Sour Skittles and Rubbish Brothers
Well evidently the add-type functionality in PS 2.0 doesn't like comments in the struct. 
Well fancy that... Someone just shot and won the pool... All the notes are gone 
well fathersday today, unfortuanatley all I got my dad was a card 
Well FML I just remember that I forgot my retainers. 
well fuck- this new pain med has an odd warning that actually applies to me. i can't take this. -chan is displeased. 
Well Gawker just shot that rumor down so no real cat like moves for me. 
well getting ready 2 go back 2 floride 2moro...im gonna miss my family though 
well good morning everyone. 
Well Got to go I have bad case of Diabetes  and my head and eyes are hurting me a signal that I need to feed my body   are maybe die 
Well got to take a shower and get ready for work 
Well grandkids can't come up to visit now, we'll have to go to them again, not the same  was really looking forward to it. Life got in way
Well guys, I managed to get my new PC (An INTEL Pentium with 3GB of RAM) HOWEVER I won't be able to use it on the Internet until Tuesday 
Well HEELLO twitters! Not hanging with Lauren today  but today I won a contest and got a free 20 dollar gift card 
well hello all twitters how are ya all sorry its been so long but been too busy  whats new with  everyone?
Well I am 2for3 in my bottom 3 pick for SYTYCD.  
Well i am back in saint george and all ready bored. 
Well I am here at work. Very exciting. I just love Mondays.  At least I have my Jen &amp; my Dick. Happy 420!
Well i am off to work. Hours were changed ... This sucks  i don't like the hardware store! Tim is intimidating
Well I am really bored. I have the need to grind and lvl my druid, but I cant afford a WoW Time Card. 
Well I am sore today.My nephew is here &amp; I can't seem to not play with him!I adore him sooo much!But instead I am couchridden 
Well I am starting to feel better.... got internet back on.  But still no car.....  help help somebody help.
Well I better get back to work, breaks over!  
well i did it, i let down two people i love, i deff need to make it up to them. 
Well I did take a personal day today. Hurts really bad when I cough and I cough a lot less when I am not moving. 
well i didn't win the @fatwallet game day. again  I think i'm on the trophy twice though.
Well i don't get it but i guess i will try. Getting ready to go to court. 
Well I enjoyed my 3 minute twitter break from hw. Now back 2 work 4 me! 
Well I feel like vomiting. And it's from being so damn nervous. I don't want to hurt anyone  I just want everyone to be happy..can't do it
Well I finally got some good study time in today... about 7hrs...ugh. Now I'm really tired... 
well i finally made it to sleep but woke up after a nightmare 
Well I got home early today, I won't be that lucky tomorrow. 
Well I got soaked 
Well I guess I better be going to bed soon too... 
Well I guess I have to leave for school now   I hope everyone has a good day! 
well i guess i must make a start on the hedge 
well i guess ill just hang out @ home and do nothing ...blah 
Well I guess I'm not heading out to LA this weekend, Doubt I'll get to go to the PS Blog Meet and Greet 
well I guess it is time to wash my big ass hair... 
well i guess paying extra for rush processing and next day air was a waste. Phone never came in today 
well i guess the storm clouds past no rain today  boo.. an its sooo hot outside!!! y must u play tricks on us mother nature!?!?!?! lol
Well I guess this is my last text  I miss u @zinbunny jus textd that 2 me but I don't exist tho lmfao realest nigga in existence is ME
Well i guess today is Saturday time to go back to work 
Well I had an iPhone 3GS reserved but I shall not be picking it up as I would rather have money to go out than a new phone. 
Well I had to take my sidekick's battery out, but that meant I lost my device text messages.  I wish I knew how to get them back.
Well i hate Tech :| . ferking computer shib! Well it's raining and i have to revise! Can a sunday get any worse? 
well i have just woken up, gotta go in the shower before i go over to nics, got a bad belly 
Will the illusive NYC sun rear it's head as predicted?  From the looks of it I say NO, please prove me wrong. 40 something days of rain 
Will the twilight phase ever end? Seriously, feeling like I'm going to gag almost everyday because of that, not cool!! Let it die please! 
Will these exams ever end  &lt;--- right now it sounds like a rhetorical question
Will they ever invent a cure for colds?? 
will this achieve anything? probly not  @AlexAllTimeLow @JackAllTimeLow @AlexAllTimeLow @JackAllTimeLow  @AlexAllTimeLow @JackAllTimeLow
will this rain ever end? 
Will this rain ever end? We're flooding big time. So much for catching the Grasshoppers game 2night. Wouldve been my first ball game too. 
will try to catch some ZZZzzzzZZ now   I hope to catch lots of them.         &lt;3
Will u please remind me 2 call my doctor maÃ±ana? Cuz u REALLY need to 
will watch a feel good movie.  I'm depressed (tears) http://plurk.com/p/vg2sz
will watch Dreamweaver Tutorials instead  to pass the time.
will watch mando diao on rock am ring later but only on TV 
will watch the Pacquiao-Hatton fight tomorrow at SM Megamall. Already reserved a seat but I didn't get the free movie pass. bummer 
will write a test tomorrow 
Well i have to find something interesting to talk about. Lol   Lonelyandroid ):
Well I have to go to work, my battery on my computer yelling, I need to recharge it.  Talk to you all later.
well i just revised muscle contraction...and im scared at the amount i still have left to cram into my brain... 
well i just woke up and this time its not nice out side 
well I just woke up to a thunderstom here in mid missouri. It's not even daylight yet 
Well i juz got the update and juz like i said no mms support till later this summer 
Well I know I am anyway  meh repeat to self *so not worth it doesnthaveaflashdrive so not worth it doesnthaveaflashdrive*
well i like the rain but it seems very depressing today 
Well I lost my job today. So much for buying dad a new iPhone.  #squarespace
Well I made it home! I'm not gonna be able to hear for about 3 days. 
Well I missed that opportunity. Thought you were getting the same train 
Well I said I would drag the fine weather north from Ashburton for Monday and here it is. Didn't bring that wind though 
well I set a goal and its past midnight so guess I failed my mission.. 
Well I showed up for my audition, but...I'm not right for it.    I might just opt out of commercials for a while, out of necessity.
well i spoke too soon. disappointed in coach this season! its bad...again. 
well i start my job today!!  going watch tv then getting ready then work (
Well I survived the crazy w/e-it just keeps gettin colder and colder in Sydney-NOT HAPPY sharkies beat the Eels..DEVO! back 2 work 2moro 
well i survived vbs! i am very tired but i will miss some of the kids that came but does not go to our church 
Well I think I better be going to bed now  I want to stay up, but I know I have a toddler that won't sleep in as long as myself, lol.
Well I think I might try to go to bed again... my husband has stopped texting for the time being...   miss himm to death...
William Fitzsimmons new live album out today! Bah! This will be making my day. and hopefully mask the pain this payables report creates. 
William's eating all my rice. 
Williams match over and @andyroddick is up next and I have to go out in a few  and the Del Potro Hewitt match looks to be a good one
Williams Sisters lost thier Doubles match at the French Open.  What is happening to them? Smh. Serena plays singles later!
willing to bet that TODAY OF ALL DAYS neil gaiman will be in covent garden, behind the church. No joke 
Wilson. Why must you be so.. Wilson-y? I miss Wilmington already. 
Wimbledon first week has been damn boring 
Wimbledon video countdown: http://tr.im/p70f Saddest news so far. Not actually Rafa's fan but without him, the Wimbledon would be boring. 
Wimbledon: thank god bb Nole pulled through for me. 
Win. I really liked them. Now to go pack. Gross. 
Win7 installed. Feels very zippy. But where is TweetDeck database? I can't get into User/../ApplicationData folder 
winaaa, i'm gonna miss you friend 
Winamp mdfkr   &quot;And they could never tear us apart&quot;.
Wind + umbrella + speedlight = broken wireless receiver  Always weigh down your gear outdoors
Wind Advisory here today - and they weren't kidding! Not fun when you live in the middle of a gravel pit 
Wind is blowing so strong that I am now awake at 5am 
Wind swept hair is a good thing taking jenn home not so fun 
Windig. Sehr, sehr windig. Hm, I need something. But don't know what. Desire for...gna, I really don't know. 
window shopping sucks. 
Well I think it's the flu cause I'm running a bit of a fever and it hurts like a bitch to swallow or talk now.  Bad weekend to get sick 
well i think only 3 people would miss me.... but i know alot of people who would celebrate if i was dead  .. what a cruel world  
Well I think the movies for me are gonna be a bust today 
Well i thought i would b able to sleep good 2nite but i guess not. 
well I upgraded to Ubiquity 0.5 and half my commands don't work with Parser 2 
Well I was gonna go to the Brooklyn Hip Hop Festival but I'm almost positive this rain has cancelled it 
Well I was losted all day with my phone gone dead &amp; no charger.  Now that I've charged it, it lives, but I'm still lost! lol
Well I watch the whole first season of The Listener today and that was about it. I didn't watch true blood or get any reading done  Night.
Well I woke up today expecting some sunshine, but these clouds will do for now. Pretty sure I'm heading into work later in the afternoon 
well iï¿½m off to lern chemistry...writing a test tomorrow.. 
Well I'm 21 now.. Have no idea what happened last night.. I wish @mikeyshim was here 
well im at school now. missing my laptop like mad. 
WeLL I'm At WoRk Already!!  Ugh
Well I'm awake already.  They are doing something to the street and I had to move my car. *sigh*
well im bord really bord 
well im bout to go lay it down !!! not feeling to well...  leave a message. or AIM me &quot;Honeydiipboo&quot; goodnite.
Well I'm bummed! No pallets today 
Well i'm done exams.YAY!!!!!! but I don't think i did to good on socail.  wish i did better but at least i got it done so be happy for me!
well im done watching tv,..debating whether or not to stop tweeting for a bit..that way i can &quot;stop setting myself up&quot; to be talked about 
well im getting ready for class 
Windows #azure projects geolocated in south-west won't get past initialisation.  Any ideas @smarx / @windowsazure ?
Windows 7 installation in Fusion is making my computer CRAWL 
windows 7 problem fixed, i had to install windows 7000 instead of 7100  anyway, looking good so far 
Windows 7 RC official from MSDN now installed using Boot Camp. Sound drivers not working 
Windows VM decided to drop net access  Copying all my patches to Linux VM, which still has net access. Yes, I'm avoiding the Mac host
Windshield wiper arm just broke on car (of course its raining) rendering car un-drivable, cancelling squash game  - everything's connected
Windy out today. Another bad day = another day w/ no beach.  Monday I'm swimming, come rain, hail, or tornado. We took T out to dinner.
wine &amp; breakfast at tiffanys...mmmm what a great night. now off to bed, got a double tomorrow 
wine country with the girls today! hope to see @stsakata tonight 
Wine has given me a headache 
Wine in my eye! Whhyy!! Time for bed! 
Wine rack fail! It was completely loaded with Chateau Neuf du Pape  http://tr.im/pIMn
Wine Tasting w the Best!...so sad she leaves tomoro 
Wine then beer makes you feel queer 
wine time!!!!!!!!!!!!! wish i had some were to be 
Wing night tonight.  
Wings just too damn good.    C'mon Pens!
Wings lost  Allergies kicking in  I've been incredibly tired the last couple of days. Finals are taking their toll.
winners never quit, quitters never win. im not a winner, i quit 
well im glad some people are &quot;so&quot; busy they dont have time to talk to me  freakin sucks
well im going off because i  m feeling bad i think i m getting sick 
Well im going to bed..Nothing else I can do with a new born 
Well I'm gonna go get ready for school, then I'm going to school 
Well I'm happy, lukes gonna be at home against Ipswich for my 21st on October 24, the crowd can sing happy bday. Away for xmas though 
Well I'm hella bored here!! and I hate that school is just a week away 
Well im just starting up soccer again, my back was screwed up for a long time  hbu?
Well im not going anywhere soon. Looks alike i have a flat tire  Pretty dumb that the vehicle doesnt come with a &quot;Spare Tire&quot;
Well i'm not gonna be takin classes this semester. Start in fall. 
Well I'm off all! Have a great night! Got a killer headache brewing,. 
well i'm off to bed my fellow tweets  geography exam tomorrow :| then i'm done for good.. maybe i'll just fail this one ;)
Well i'm off to church 
Well I'm off to school  Happy #420 everyone!
well im off to try and breathe, hopefully i'll be ok.... if i dont tweet tmoz... assume me dead  night all xxxxxx
well i'm on my way home now ........ it'll be nice to see my family &amp; friends again .......... but i'm gonna miss london 
Well I'm properly depressed after todays dress shopping 
well im really desperate cause i want and need to work, does some body want to hired a girl in adverticing?...  
Well I'm stuck between working and not working. Back at school  Exam overload starts tomorrow in the AM...
Winston went potty outside all by himself! such a proud momma! Now off to get my tooth drilled by my uncle... 
Winter classes- Early Empire, Pop Culture, Peopling of North America, Holocaust, Rise and Fall of Czechoslovakia. Goodbye social life. 
winter is near  it's getting so so so cold..
Winter is officially here...  
winter is slowly creeping into Cape Town  not looking forward to it...
wipe out. :: i wanna join haha.:too young 
Wiped ... volleyball is more fun when it is just my friends.  Missed SYTYCD  Have to watch tomorrow for the recap
wiped deep-heat on her nose 
Wipet_2009 #twitspam promoting violence 
Wiping out my machine 
wireless internet still broken  , using my #INQMobile as a modem, works incredibly well, much faster than I expected and a doddle to setup
wireless isn't working in the hotel room  brought the laptop to the lobby and still issues
Wireless signal at desk not even strong enough to support Pandora 
Wiring up in Woking for the new iPhone. Hope it doesn't take too long 
wisdom teeth coming down ouch ouch ouch 
Wisdom teeth less painful today, but muscles on the right side of my face tense which is giving me a headache and making eating difficult 
wisdom teeth pain is back... boo hoo   i feel like dying my hair red. i should do that.
Wisdom teeth suck 
wish  I could have slept better last night, have a long weekend ahead of me. 
wish @vivienturman was coming 
Wish backpack (@37signals) would stop reordering page content for no apparent reason 
wish both of my computers weren't broken 
Wish business would pick up 
Wish cancer didnt exist  !!
wish david archuleta has a plurk so that we can chat...  http://plurk.com/p/tqyfq
Well in the life u have to fight for your dreams and if your parents dont undesteand is better fight alone 
Well it could be worse - there are at least World Touring Cars and Superbikes on Europsport 
Well it doesn't look like Im gonna get on the wiifit today or chance to do anything I wanted 
well it is another rainy day out... this freakin sucks  stuck inside again
well it is damn hot in the shop today.... it is possible that i may be melting 
well it looks like it's gonna rain. no screen on the green.  dinner with the besties instead!
well it seems other account @twrme tweets r not showing up in the #twitter search functions, basically makes that account invisible. SIGH 
well it was bette than t3 but that aint saying much. great action sequences but a shite story and no good charators. farely disapointing 
Well it wasn't too heavy. It exisited and apparently it wasn't suppsosed to... Had to pay 
Well it's 1:24 am and I am wide awake still. Even read half a book and it still didn't put me out. Having a smoke then go back to bed 
WELL IT'S 4:49AM-AND I HAVE BEEN UP SINCE 3-AND IT'S MY DAY OFF-I AM ALSO HAVING COMPANY TODAY-SANDY AND CODY-SO I HAVE TO PUT ON CLOTHES 
well its 5! on my way home! would be happy, but i gotta do it  all over tomorrow. 
Well It's bedtime....a long day with a bunch of activities and sunburn.  oh boy.
well its been 10 minutes and still nothing 
Well it's friday and usually the start of something awsome...I'm not sure if that'll be this time around  I gotta shake this
Well it's Jun 6, 2009 and there is frigin snow on the ground.  It's my birthday WTF is happening.  No golf today I guess 
well its midnight here on the east coast and officially June 8 so you know what that means. if not well it makes me a sad Drunken Loper 
Well its monday and start of another long ass week 
Wish didn't have such a busy Friday ahead... fancy a nice cold peary-cidery thingy in the garden but neighbours have got the builders in 
Wish he had a twitterberry like everyone else 
wish i bought tickets to graduation 
wish I can go for @ladygaga concert in August. 
wish i cld stop thinkin bout DQ blizzards  y is it u want wht u cnt hv!? HUH! lol
wish i cn make a donation w/out thinking twice.  loads of $$? i'll donate straightaway 2 BibleLeague, CBM &amp; salvos. gotta pick 1 now.
Wish I could afford an iphone  I'll be one of the cool kids..... one day......
wish i could afford this place!  http://bit.ly/12nDP3
Wish I could afford today's @woot. 
Wish I could be at El Cajon, CA 92020 @ noon in Wal-Mart with a copy of Mitchel Musso's Cd 
wish i could be at the beach 
Wish I could be at the Texas Reds Festival with @stevefullhart and @FritoOnCandy  maybe Murphy's Law later dud.. http://tinyurl.com/qltcq8
Wish I could be in NYC this weekend  ... I wabt it so bad....
Wish I could be in NYC this weekend  ... I want it so bad....
wish I could be in tehran now  left yesterday. Where is my vote? Tomorrow protest hamburg embassy
Wish I could be playing, but brother is sick and sleeping and ordered me not to make noise. 
Wish I could be there  #asot400
wish i could catch every mosquito in the world n burn em slowly.they been bitin the shit outta me 2day.mosquitos are the assholes of insects
Wish I could chill on the dock all the time, what a great night... saying by to two of my best friends within the next 24 hours 
wish i could click my fingers and be in Manchester!! 
wish i could do summin to help the whales stranded on Kommetjie beach 
wish I could fall asleep....  my poor brownish eyes are so heavy 
wish I could feel no pain (8)  but it's ok, at least they like Brazil!
Wish I could find my xbox mic! 
wish i could fly to Mark Taper Forum and watch Oleanna  Big world.
Wish i could g0 back in time  (DIE OR DANCE)
wish I could get into Mixi.  
Wish I could get rid of this bloody cold 
Wish I could get to sleep 
Wish I could go and see Combichrist, but I feel too old and frumpy/mom-ish.   VERY excited about the NIN/JA show, though.  Can't wait!
Wish I could go back to sleep. Still tired 
Wish I could go hear Mint Condition tommorow night 
wish i could go on a cruise  http://tinyurl.com/kws4ak  #spon
Wish I could go see &quot;Year 1&quot; tonight 
wish i could go see paul mccartney in concert  sadly i dont have the money
Wish I could go to #bcbmore tomorrow, will be on baby-sitting detail unfortunately 
Wish I could go to #vcon just so I could stroke you, @_metallicar 
Well it's not far back to sanity. At least it's not for me. 
Well its not the p/s. Must be the mobo   And its raining 
Well it's now official. We're over.. 
Well it's official.....I broke my toe...........again.  It looks like a purple jellybean.....and I have a wedding to go to tomorrow.....  
well its quiet on here today 
Well its saturday and I'm stuck at work  http://myloc.me/4EcD
Well it's the wifes B-day, daughters gym meet, hot rod cruise, and I have work on the boat... 
Well I've Been Home For 5 Lonely Hours. I Miss Him Already.  He Is A Big Part Of My Life. My Love Of My Life! My Papi, I Love You.
Well I've cleaned the kitchen,mopped up cat pee (I hate that cat),and just picked up dog mess from the garden, now to start on lounge 
Well I've done some fun web design and now I must face up to my other responsibilities and do some housework  TTFN
Well I've lost my last job due to reductions  I am a young guy who just wants to do what he does best - programming...
well i've slept away half of my day.  more summer school work? YES!!!
Well Jeep is not ready yet  hopefully by the end of the day it will be.... Going to have to reschedule a few meetings today. Wish me luck.
Well Just Bored  I Dont Know What Shall I DO 
Well just got back from church camp lame 
Well just heard some sad news. 
well just started this thing, doing coursework 
Well just took temp again and he is back up to 100.0. 
Well kitty is dead 
well lets hope the docs can sort me out 
well life sucks! i have to work next sat so no truller trip for me 
well maybe i wont stay up all night..i'm kind of bored..and kind of tired. i know i wont be able to sleep in a strange house tomorrow 
well miss u all and mad give me a call ill miss u the most so really call my house or cell please and im really gonna miss u 
We'll miss you @dougvs...   Those lucky Edmontonians!
we'll miss you Gary Papa! rip Philly sports just won't be the same 
We'll miss you Shawn  http://xrl.us/bew6sn
Well missed another show while I was running around  well maybe tomorrow
well mission impossible 3 sucked a lot.
Well Mom hates me now. Greeeaaaat. I never get money from her again apparently. 
Well my back hurts again today  Hahaha
Well my best friend is on route to Italy and im stuck here in Northern Ireland 
well my day/morning just got worse. Spit out more blood and realized I fucked my tooth up even worse.......and I work in 6 hours 
well my homie isnt commin which means im ridin solo at this event 2nite 
well my hopes of a good nights sleep really didn't match up to the expectations  TIRED
Well my iPhone is still alive! So that's good...but 3.0 is annoying me already 
Well my 'Monday' sucked, as our guest were indifferent on the food...I guess my food sucked, and not the day.   
well my redbull didnt have coke in it.I'm tired as hell 
well my saturday plans went down the drain  sure the rest of the weekend will too
well no more kobe and lebron commercials. 
Well no vacation for the kiddos , Guy's fever keeps rising 
well not happy my radio signal has gone, all thats coming through is KCC! I dont want that I want to here about the burn lady 
Well nothings happened yet. Is that because everyone else is out enjoying the sun?  I'm at home with a poorly boy covered in spots. 
Well now all I can do is hope that they come to the mall now 
Well now I'm confused. What is the point of all this?! I just wanna know now! 
Well now I'm off to dinner...  by myself 
Well off goes another day wasted at school 
Well off the clock twitter friends. Sidenote: I hate commuting in heavy rain 
Well off to a meeting,have a killer of a sore throat and would be quite happy to stay home and watch Masterchef and Sea Patrol 
Well off to bed for some well needed rest! Then tomorrow I get to face the mound of work that needs to be done!  Boo. FML.
Well off to eat my dinner and think about the DWEEB being only 30 minutes away fromme and I am missing him. 
Well off to skool  n sweet dreams
Well off to the other side of town to see Jacob for his Birthday its the big 5 wow they grow fast 
well once again...the city of cleveland must pick themselves up with our resounding battle cry...'maybe next year!' 
well one of my favourite artists (martina mcbride) is coming to london in july. and i can't afford to go. surprise surprise. life is sh*t 
well ood morning!well not a good mornin for me! i think i made a mistake 
Well our bunny is sick again  high fever, panting and way to snuggly.
Well paying the toll did make our lives about 50 times easier - I think we should go get a quest now - The great woods scare me 
Well people I have to go  bye twitter people &lt;3
Well phonecall never came. 
Well pissed off I think hannabeths sold her dress  someone must of got there before me, assholes!!! That was my bloody dress!!
Well prom was eventful to say the least. Dont run in heels  cos you will sprain your ankle 
well riding yesterday sucked  fullmetal alchemist marathon. going back to my otaku days...
Well said matt , im gona do loads on monday , goin out 2nite 
Well screw that! Ana Ivanovic out of French Open  not surprised but still very disappointed
We'll see about CrossFit - am seeing a physical therapist on monday. Might have to go in a different direction, which blows. 
Wish I could go to the @playboy masion today their having a casting call I feel left out... 
wish i could go to the auditions.. 
wish i could go to the Full Moon Crazy tour! 
Wish I could go to the Keynote at GDC tomorrow   #GDCCanada #GDC
wish I could go to the states tonight.. its a missing part right now 
wish I could go to the Taste festival in London! back 3 weeks too late 
Wish I could have spent longer at the Swedish festival today 
wish i could hear more than a blip every 15 seconds  followed by ROCKY TOP???? @Dog_LOG   (dog_log live &gt; http://ustre.am/3iGy)
Wish I could hear the waves from my balcony 
Wish I could help my friend... she's sick 
Wish I could join my friend at the pool today 
wish i could just eat away the pain... but then i would get fat. 
wish i could just hop on a plane right now to somewhere sunny and hott! weather here is making me miserable 
Wish I could just skip going in and start the weekend early but, alas, it's not possible. 
Wish I could just tell the truth  It's better to hide than upset everyone, right ?
wish I could kick this cold so that I can buy new cycling gear and finally go out for a long ride. but have to wait till monday.. 
Wish I could listen to #darkmatter tonight but the wifi at the hotel is too slow.  sorry @davenavarro6767
wish i could lose all this gloom.... help 
wish i could make a vid but my laptop is at home 
Wish I could of seen the taylor swift concert.   Seeing all the tweets of Taylor saying how fun it was makes me want to go even more!
Wish I could rant about something right now but it woud be unprofessional 
wish I could rotate the canvas in photoshop  would make Wacom work easier
Wish I could see @lightsnoise at @MuchMusic's MMVAs tomorrow...sometimes it sucks living in the US... 
Wish I could see @selenagomez in sonny with a chance!! But I can't 
Wish I could see my beloved 
Wish I could see my brother perform in Tempe next saturday 
wish i could sleep  eyes are tired but mind is racing, need to learn how to switch off! #squarespace
wish i could sleep in.  my body just won't let me 
wish i could sleep some more 
wish I could snap my fingers &amp; instantly be where I need to be, with my best galpal 
Wish I could stay home today, perfect day for sleeping 
Wish I could still be in bed.  Nice thing: Half wit 24.5 million watchers vs. Joy 13.15 million watchers. Interesting thing, Mr. Shore! x[
wish i could tell you. 
Wish I could upload these VA Beach pics but no cord 
WISH I COULD WATCH JB 3D AGAIN!! I MISS IT 
Wish I could watch the Beacon show too 
We'll see how the week goes. 
we'll see how this confrontation is going to go. much better than the last, i hope.  I NEED A GIRLS NIGHT ASAP.
Well seeing as it is kind of raining   the beach may be out.    I will have to see if the changes by noon.
Well shit!  Mom got called into work. *Sighs*
well so much for that...goodnight 
Well so much for time with the hubby...he's been stolen to go off to a car show. 
Well soo much for going to bed early... I just jail broke my old iPhone - Then got them confused and thought I had service on both! 
well sorry my thing frezes and i cant see ya messages so i dont know what u are talking about 
Well sort of got rained on this mornin.. 
Well sry i dnt remember good 
Well stickam was fun... but I had to go  bubye
well that and VERY busy at work 
Well that answers that question.  My poor man has had such a bad week. 
well that didn't go to plan. Ended up ferrying a poor injured kitty to the vets. Don't think he'll make it 
Well that didn't quite go according to plan 
Well that didn't work....still no power at my house 
Well that game was disappointing to say the least. Damn it. Had a nice dog walk round the park after it tho. Working tonight 
well that is it for this week (except I missed FREE COMIC BOOK DAY)  hopefully my guy did his thing thanks KEV @ #PaperHeroes
Well that is just so crappy... Arkansas is going to omaha 
well that looks like the end of summer....at least it saved me having to water the garden  
well that movie sucked....thats plenty of time badly wasted 
well that sucked 
Well that sucked! We should have had it on courtney lee's layup. 
Well that sucks.. Waited outside HMV and made myself late to buy @kissysellout's new single. They've never heard of it?! 
wish I could watch the live Matisyahu feed, but it is not working 
Wish i could watch! Im out of town and only mobile   *_*
Wish I could welcome the #Spartans back to EL, but I am stuck in class  #msu
Wish i couldve gone to talleys tonight  but no i have to clean house
Wish I could've seen Reba in concert last night in Texas!! 
wish i cud go to the mtv awards 
wish i cud listen 2 summertime ball, bu live in ireland so dnt tink i have it!! its shit 
Wish I didn't have to get off the skytrain and go to work. 
Wish I didn't have to leave Sadie at home 
Wish I didn't have to play soccer. My eyes hurt, I have a headache and my nose is fizzy. 
Wish I didn't have to share a truck. I'd be half way to California right now straight sunset blvd.  I wanna hug Perfect man one more time
Wish I didn't have to work today. 
Wish I didn't miss a freakin wk of school at the beginning. Screwed my entire school yr up. Dad, you can come back now. 
wish I don't work 2mm 
wish i felt well enough to attend the rose parade  #inpdx ill just listen to  the elliott smith song instead.
wish i going to go see transformers 2 tonight  
wish i got more kisses, should have stayed longer 
Wish I got stitches  This is not going to bode well.
Wish I got up earlier to send @RZUWU some music 
Wish I had a 3 day weekend 
Wish I had a friend who tweets as much as I do 
wish i had a little car now 
Wish I had a papi(daddy) to fuck me on a regular basis. Woe is me 
Wish i had a spare set of sony ericsson headphones to leave in my bag 
Wish I had a Wii 
wish I had adobe illustrator  where are my graphic artist homies to help me out???
wish i had an iphone 
Wish i had belle 
wish I had cable so I could watch the new twilight trailer tonight 
Wish I had enough money to go downtown   
Wish I had glasses.. Scratched my eye nd my contacts hurt      sad story
Wish I had icecream right now  Still craving something rose flavoured. Hmmm.
Wish I had money for clothes, but I don't   I know it's bad to care about it even, but still ... I do !
wish i had more screen real estate so i could watch the Spanish GP whilst doing my dissertation!  Boooo Physics!   #F1
wish i had more time for lunch  subway was awesome as always !roll on next lesson, last 1!
Wish I had my duffel bag today...this shoulder bag is heavy 
Wish I had my duvet with me  boo
Wish I had my headphones with me so I can watch @shanedawson videos on my phone  I'm soo bored
wish i had my man here  .....feelin lonely
Wish i had my puppy here to cuddle with...i miss that little hoodrat 
wish i had my telephone back. sigh 
wish I had Netflix so I could watch season 3 of Heroes 
wish i had one  â™« http://blip.fm/~7f03v
Wish I had smoke eater and ghost chants demos 
Well that was a mistake staying up that late! I'm fucking tired as hell now. 
Well that was a pleasant evening, not  come on Docs hurry up and open!
Well that was an extremely average salad 
Well that was an extremely weird phone conversation. And I have very little to distract me from it 
Well that was an interesting attempt at the commute to work... didn't exactly plan to end up where I did though...great 
Well that was eventful. W/D to Vettel, but very disappointing that Sutil and Force India didn't get sixth. Big shame  #f1
Well that was fun  honestly its like they're a pair of school children...   Jeez nothings fun anymore ...
Well that was fun. Now back to work.  See you all in 2 hours.
well that was kinda disappointing. that puzzle game only has 30 levels. and i beat it in a little over an hour 
Well that was ten sneezes in a row. My allergies are not making my day easy. Still no air through the nose. 
Well that was the worst happy ending of prison break ever. 
Well that was the worst nights sleep ive had in a long old time. Worry about Nieces, mortgages &amp; rats kept me awake for most of it 
Well that's a bike ride done, now for a run and a swim. Bloody typical that today's the day I come down with a cold 
well thats a bummer.  nobody showed up for my class 
well that's a fine howdy do. can't dl Evernote 3.0, iTunes store too busy 
Well that's depressing. My grandpa is going to die in a week.  That will be both of them gone.
Well that's disappointing. Made pigs-in-a-blanket with cheddarwursts, and the croissants didn't bake all the way through 
Well that's it - the sunshine is gone  Lets hope it makes it back again SOMETIME this summer!
well thats pretty much it. Summer Girl Is over 
Well that's rather disheartening, all the internships I can find seem to be about things I know little about  Useless MA! Utterly useless!
Well that's sad, I managed to loose my flower. 
Well that's that-I am now girlfriendless and home alone until next friday 
Well that's the weekend misery over...A lovely 8 hours working on a Sunday to really put me in the mood for a Monday morning 
Well that's two weeks down with alcohol just another 4 to go 
Well the adventure is over.  Back to work. @ The Parents House http://loopt.us/hgcxXw.t
Well the big flat TV fund is slowly growing.. Need more pennies though 
Well the Celtics are out of the semi's, was hoping to see them make it 
Well the cruise suitcase is officially unpacked...guess that means the trip is offically over  LOL!
Well the Flames lost again 
Well the other team finally got a point 
well the person i was supposed to meet this morning is not here and im not sure what to do now 
well the plan for revision today went basically out the window..... civil rights revision is the most tedious thing i have ever done  x
Well the shit is really hitting the fan now.  #iranelection #gr88
Well the sleeping in late thing didn't work.. But i'm glad he called.. Haven't heard his voice in days 
well the sun peaked through for a short time and I took advantage of it! I'm going to grow even more pale with all this rain!  
well the Vemma/Verve Panera meeting is canceled because my buddy @tomcarrigan has to go pick up Bill Cosby at the airport in Chicago! 
Well the word is out. Kelly is going to need surgery.    
Well there goes my hope of seeing a lebron-kobe faceoff in the finals... Good riddance &amp; good nite 
Well there goes that idea... 
well they found the missing plane! ...  sad. those little tiny ones are scary esp. in bad weather
Well this day went downhill slightly. Just found out that David Eddings passed away.  http://scifi.about.com/b/
we'll this how this confrontation is going to go. much better than the last i hope.  I NEED A GIRLS NIGHT ASAP.
Well THIS is comforting   http://bit.ly/4hwx9N
wish i had some chocolate 
Wish I had someone to talk to 
Wish I had something exciting to Twitter about 
Wish I had something to play my dad's old Clash LPs on  I'll listen to Simple Plan instead 
Wish I had somewhere to be and someone to be with 
Wish I had time for my walk over london bridge this morning as it would be stunning, but alas the cyclists slowed my bus down too much 
Wish I had time to make it to the CFI lecture tonight after basketball 
Wish i had tonight off...i got asked to go see transformers...but i have to work  oh wellz...i might go saturday night after work!
Wish I hadn't been so productive yesterday...now I have nothin to do 
wish i hadn't graduated 
Wish I hadn't sprained my ankle again last night! It's all swollen and hurting lots  I blame the Penguin!
Wish i have a friend to talk to and who can listen ....  
wish i knew about the show at SG academy 
Wish I knew how to attach a picture to my tweets using my iPhone.  
wish i knew what happend. 
wish i knew who iheart3boyz wish i wsnt single wish i had 100 followers wish all these wishes wer true  i need a fairy god mother   lolz
Wish I lived in CA. 
Wish I lived in southern California so I could go to Hootenanny July 4th. 
Wish I never had that Baskin Robbins Brownie Sundae... I feel fat 
Wish I still had pledges so I could make them bring me breakfast in bed 
wish i was 18  Want to be in third Twilight &quot;Eclipse&quot;
wish i was a nicer person.  and i wish i swore less too. not a good day 
wish i was a QLD supporter right abt now  #origin #stateoforigin
wish i was a senior for senior ditch day!! have to go to school 
wish i was america so could meen nicolous braun, demi, selena and all the other disney people who will go 
wish i was as sexy as jacob black  ahahah jusssssttt playin. cause i'm pretty hot. haha
Wish I was at #iabc09. 
Wish i was at bamboozle  for the first time im my 13 years of life im not going to bamboozle 
Wish I was at dunkin with my favs  thursday can't come fast enough!
wish I was at home listening to @randyhate dj the Coraline party 
wish i was at my bestfriend's performance :/... no moneyyy 
Wish i was at Radio1's big weekend. 
Wish I was at SONAR this weekend. 
Wish i was at Summer Jam 
Wish I was at summer Jam 2day  .. and its not gonna rain!
wish i was at the beach 
wish i was at the beach today   instead im at home contemplating getting another job&amp; figuring out how i want the rest of this year to go.
Wish I was at The Clarendon pool right now. Its the place to be. But I'm @ chilis instead 
wish i was at the dallas cowboys stadium right about now 
wish i was at the JoBros concert right now!! dang  haha
well this is lots of fun, what a great start to the week.  attempting to crawl back into bed...
Well this is perfect...my dad has swine flu.  Can I go be a hobo somewhere else?  
Well this just sucks, New VCU manager and the drafts we are reviewing are from late 2008 which means we are almost done 
Well this sucks... Have to reinstall osx 
Well this weekend did NOT go to plan! 
well thought i felt better but i dont false alarm folks  still ill oh well hopefully tommorrow  xxx
well thunderstorms are out of the forecast  ah well... dont forget to follow @peterfacinelli
well time 2 get dress on this ugly ass day in la...dont know what im doin 2nite and thats the exact reason why i club every week  lol
Well time for bed gotta get up early tomorrow 
well time for work and no Jamie she is out of commission again today   btw congrats to all Laker fans...
well time to go to work and serve people alcohol, while they sit outside in the glorious sun and im inside   ah well, such is life
well time to pack up now 
well tireddd 
well todaay has been an alright daay, just miss my mummy though  &lt;3
Well today I went up to tafe to find out if I can do any courses for the moment &amp; as I thought there are none 
Well today started off good and slowly degraded by the hour 
well today started out fine but didn't end the way i had hoped. 
Well today the sun isn't shining  so I will be home doing housey things!!!! Boring really!!
Well today, I have decided we will be having roast chicken again this evening. Will try not to serve it raw 
Well tried to install uber twitter some reason not working gutted 
well trying to get a new .mailstationary sorted for my mac ie build a template. going slowly  need to update my widget. As yet no job
Well turning off showtime  gonna have to watch my weeds somewhere else &lt;Steph &gt;
Well turning out to be another dull day in sand st, started ok 
Well twitterverse - I have got to be up early tomorrow.    Mornings suck.
Well u forgot is cool I walked u to the car the last time saw u, wanted a kiss but u dised me 
well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna released at once! I guess it's worth the wait! 
well was dissapointed that stavros flately didnt win last nights britains got talent final  i want to go to the live show and see them
well we already know Mr. Bale's an ass, I hope ashleigh greene is cooler in the real...my sleep is always plagued before an early day 
Well we don't have 2 worry about the heat...storm is currently blowing thru  Hope it is quick, hv a beautiful 2m Bird of Paradise 2 plant!
well we just got her down to sleep, little girl has an ear infection, poor buba. long night ahead 
Well weeded the garden.....took forever!  tomatos look good though....squash is hurting 
well well well, gotta be up at 7:30 on a sunday for work! who does that?!  they're my sleep in days .. 
Well went for blood work and passed out! My boyfriends grandfather passed away yesterday. Now I am doing hair for them  pray for the fam.
Well went to walmart with my friend Alex..  didn't see the hott boy tonight though 
well what i mean is. i wish there were yoccos in phoenix. they're only in Pa.  
Well Wheres The Sun Today? 
well,  this is turning out to be an exciting day!  Just about to fire up the work laptop 
well, @cobysev is on his way back to the chairforce now 
Well, @Iran_hotspot has disappeared 
Well, @LilWO was having a tough day/night. Wanted @TinkFan to lay down w/ him, and she passed out, still sick   http://twitpic.com/3i2jo
Well, @suzylake I discovered I can't swim.  I'm out.  Sorry 
Well, 1 thing down. Plenty more dental work ahead   ugh!! Can't wait untill I'm DONE with everything
well, a dozen grapes for midmorn snack just disnae cut it when ye have been oaf oan holiday... 
well, after 3 hours of changing stuff NOW it's finally done, so I'll make a video of new (improved?) orion. My neck hurts like hell 
well, after 3 months of waiting my broccoli finally started producing... I hope the caterpillars enjoyed it as much as I wanted too. 
well, after 3 years.....i'm saying goodbye to myspace. i've deleted my account 
well, after tonight i truly miss Jay Leno  how long til September???
well, almost time for lunch, still cant breath very well. Going to need some meds. 
Well, apparently I miscalculated and one of my bosses isn't in the financial crunch I told him he was. But the other one still is 
Well, at least I finished editing my film.  Now I just need to get it on a DVD before my hard drive potentially craps out.  
Well, at least it is almost my B-Day. Only 22 days left!! Can't wait!! Wonder what I am doing...who knows? (My parents) Poor Bruins!!! 
well, at least it isn't raining today. but where is the sun? 
Well, back from the doctors.I have a new med regimen and also a few new foods to avoid. Of course those foods include 2 of my favorites. 
Well, bags of fun I'm going to have burning this lot off tonight    http://yfrog.com/0umftj
Well, crap. 
Well, daughter almost made it through her first sleep over, till she woke up to use bthrm and decided she wanted to come home 
Well, eating did NOT help as it seems... and another 4.5 hours till I can go home. 
Well, ended up in the ER Thursday night for the worst migraine of my life and vomiting. Lying in deathbed now. Missing Amanda's wedding 
well, figured out whether or not I should be going for it. I should not be. I was hopin for the opposite 
Well, finally got to the room. Looks like the cake was a lie. And by cake I mean free wireless. There is no wireless. Wires suck. 
well, finally i'm getting a grip ughh i'm running late 
Well, finally moved - no broadband at home for a while though 
Well, forget that. Back to scratch  I'm going to write a list of foods to eat when I feel better. I'm seriously having a feast after this.
well, going to showerr.. and then cry my self to sleeep! 
Well, got a funeral to attend today for one of the sister's mother  But on the bright side may be visiting mine in Aug if all goes well!!
Well, got the selling In May part right, but it was the dollar and Treasuries that were the market to do it in. Oops. Another down month 
Well, here I am. Back at the airport in Charlotte, NC. Heading to Dallas. Yay. (*turns off sarcasm*)  
Well, I *thought* I was going to sleep, but had to take out the trash!  
Well, I am going to bed. I really feel weird. I'm hoping I don't wake up needing to vomit. I hate that so much.  Jarred is doing it now.
Well, I best get my butt in gear and go grocery shopping before it gets to 100 degrees outside.  I hate hot weather!!
Well, I change my background . I have to study. Good bye 
Well, I didn't actually watch the concert from there. It was rainy as hell that night but I was hoping to watch from there this year. 
Well, I effed the iphone.  It was nice knowing you 
well, i finished 3 out of 5 essays so far. (: all i have left is 2 essays, study for finals, print tshirt, oral presentations. bleh. 
Well, I got pneumonia.  one of my friends died of swine flu today. How come it couldn't of been someone else?
Well, I guess I have to go brush my teeth again (kjaslgja garlic) and then actually get dressed. Uggh I dun wanna go to the dermatologist 
Well, I guess I will be leaving as well. Have to get up at 6 am tomorrow (on a saturday!!)  Enjoy the night/day whatever ;)
Well, I guess I will go back to bed or whatever. What a pooey night. 
well, i guess it doesn't work on you.. piff 
Well, I guess the sun is just never coming out again.  Whatever! 
well, I have to work now  so boring.. bye bye guys !!
Well, I hopefully don't get sicker by tomorrow morning, if I do, I can't travel to Door County 
Well, I just can't do The Moon... No matter how hard I try, The Moon cannot be done. 300 m's... Boo hoo Namco! 
well, i just missed yoga 
Well, I messed up my ankle yesterday riding my bike. 
well, i missed my train.. going to have to get another one 30 min later.. DAMN YOU ROSIE 
well, i only have one more day... 
Well, I survived two of the toughest days of racing I have ever done this weekend. Not sure I am on the US team or not yet! 
well, i think i'll go to sleep now. i dont want to  but school's waiting me tomorrow, so ... see ya later. i need to wake up at 6am :|
Well, i was supposed to start work today...but the computers are down  this sucks
Well, I'll be sure to keep watch. I'd only just plucked up the courage to ask for the passwords when the shite hit the fan 
Well, I'm back to the housework.    #WhippedHusband
Well, I'm finally uncapped. Thank God. But, butâ€¦ oh noes! It seems last billing day free downloads on BigPond cable is finally over. 
well, Im home now... &amp; dont think that this day will get any better  i wish I could just sleep right through it &amp; wake up 2 a bad dream...
Well, I'm home, holiday is over.  Was great craic! Roll on 3rd July! Hope you are all well. Off to zzzzz now. Nite all x
well, I'm in ID, but I can't understand anyone, and I see nobody I know 
Well, I'm off to bed. Where I won't sleep. 
Well, I'm off to the vid store....I have my little list of suggested movies, so all is good.. I think I need some cough lollies as well 
Well, I'm off tweople! No.10 on the tetris friends chart  So far from being good! Hahaha
Well, it looks like no one showed up for the first day of Ninja School.    OR DID THEY?!
Well, It seems FB integration has b0rked itself in my Seesmic Desktop - hasn't updated in the last 4 hours 
Well, It's bedtime for this bonzo, gotta work tomorrow 
well, its not movie time, i went to the wrong theater 
We'll, it's officially 1:00 PM and still no 3.0 update on iTunes   #iPhone3.0
well, i've decided to drop Mandarin in next year SPM. sorry guys. 
well, just got back from my last european art history class   i really enjoyed studying the renaissance and other parts of european art!
wish i was at the MTV movie awards 
wish i was at the opening jb conert i dallas 
Wish I was at the Sugarland concert!! 
Wish I was attending  @KizDaBoss
wish I was back in Edinburgh 
Wish I was bonding with the soccer girls 
Wish i was famous like some of d people im following 
Wish I was free 2morrow.... Now I have to sleep 
wish i was getting a new iphone today.. sadly, i'm not 
Wish I was going  This is how it has to be though...
Wish I was going back to the lake for the weekend...had a blast...miss my lil bro 
wish i was going riding this weekend but im sick 
Wish I was going to Bamboozle tomorrow 
wish I was going to blogher 
wish i was going to blue syndrome, fox avenue and i fight crime in dorans tonight. fuckkk you over 18's gigs. 
wish i was going to Camera Obscura tonight.  too much to do 
Wish I was going to Glastonbury this year  http://tinyurl.com/mbjth4
wish I was going to silverstone this weekend  for F1 
Wish I was going to the beach this wknd instead of what I'm doing. 
Wish I was going to the Billy Currington show tonight...But no one wants to go with me. 
Wish I was Going to the MTV MOVIE AWARDS tonight! 
Wish I was going to v-fest this weekend  also I LOVE LOVE the listener!
Wish i was going to warped tourrr 
wish i was hanging out with u guys instead of sleeping though 
Wish i was heading to ibiza! 
Wish I was in Belshaft for the ASIWYFA vs FWW gig 
Wish I was in Birmingham for the asylum con...  
wish I was in Dallas...  
WISH I was in Dublin to see Me Fry 
wish i was in florida with everyone, but instead i'm stuck in rainy kc 
Wish i was in Hawii 
wish i was in LA  . Writting something sweeet  . 2 Days till birthdDayyyyyy!!
wish i was in LA for the Laker parade 
Wish i was in london right now 
Wish i was in ohio now! 
Wish I was in palm springs  I should of gone when I had the chance.... Of course me and destiny are fighting!!  ughhhhh!!
wish i was in swindon 
wish i was in texas.. 
wish i was in the dog right now 
wish i was like all the other kids in school sayin &quot;yay for the last day of school! let summer begin!&quot;  little do they know reality blows
'wish i was off this weekend' 
Wish I was on South Beach with you again, just talking. 
wish i was on the beach laying out on this sunny day!  http://tinyurl.com/knzrzz
Wish i was one of ones marilyn manson sings about... The beautiful people, the beautiful people... Wish i could afford plastic surgery.. 
wish I was packing my bags for Europe like I was this time last year 
Wish I was poolside  this drive from the north shore is long
wish I was seeing  Coldplay this weekend 
wish i was seeing @Jonasbrothers and @ddlovato tonight 
well, last night didn't go nearly as well, so i gave in and had coffee this morning.  it's just too hard to function on such little sleep 
well, looks like i need to run into work before going to bed to print out some papers needed for tomorrow morning 
Well, looks like I'm back to college  I remember the days college was fun!
Well, looks like it's over for Denver 
Well, marin's room didn't come out quite like I expected. It looks like one ugly Easter egg. Starting over tomorrow. 
Well, maybe I should sleep now 
Well, Mr. Smedley, a podium place was probably a bit ambitious, although we know Massa can do it.  #f1
Well, my aunts dog died. I understand how devastated she is. I'll probably head over there soon for support 
Well, my hard drive has decided to eat itself.  Or something.  Now I must rely on other people's computers.  Am very sad 
Well, my kitty deal fell through and I found out I need a new heat/air unit..there goes all my extra dough 
well, my new cpu arrived yesterday. just gt to take the pc apart to fit it now 
Well, my prediction couldn't have been any more wrong. Brutal. 
Well, my sticks are in the travel humi, ready to go to LA, however, the way I'm feeling right now, they may just be going for a ride. 
Well, never mind  the future freaks me OUT.
Well, no #tworgy this night.  I'm going to shower and take some fun, sexy self-portraits! Mwah!
Well, no biking today  But I'm planning a lot for tomorrow... To church, the Q, back home, then out with the Q-kids!! That's gonna be fun!
Well, no Gulf Shores  But it's okay..already got alternate plans ;)
Well, no Paris  so maybe I will go Ab diving?
Well, Not even a Full 2 weeks of owning My New Phone...I've Managed to kill it. 
well, not true, last quarter was worse   the quality of ship's mba program needs to fixin'
Well, now I can download apps, but my iPod is still laggy at turning on. 
Well, now I offically know how to put the chain back on my bike.  10 minute 'penalty' at the tri!  
Well, now the kid is just getting way to damn confusing! 
Wish I was seeing the offspring, taking back Sunday, alkaline trio, the used, and anberlin tonight 
Wish I was sleeping still. 
wish i was still in my comfy bed  off to class, in the rain. great
wish I was still sleeping *yawn* feels like Sunday, how did I have such a short weekend 
Wish I was still with my Babe...  But, I had to go home and work! 
Wish i was there 
wish i was thereeee   
Wish I was w/ him 
wish i was watching crank 2  http://tinyurl.com/cc7thw
Wish I was watching this with AB ... Miss my bff  
Wish I wasn't alone at Dandee Donuts. All that's in this place is couples I'm the only solo person at the bar 
wish i wasnt sitting in this bed and was home with my friends!! 
Wish I wasn't stuck in the shop so I can enjoy this pretty day! 
Wish i went a walk today instead 
Wish I were in Chicago celebrating @LeslieMizzou turning 26!  Happy birthday sissy!
wish I were not allergic to sunlight so I could go out and enjoy a nice walk around the installations. 
Wish I were there 
wish i would be at the @jonasbrothers concert today  start of the World tour with @therealjordin and Honor Society &lt;3
Wish I would have slept better last night but the people having loud sex next door kept me up 
Wish I would of heard the traffic alert BEFORE jumping on 520 
Wish I would've taken more photos at #bea09   I bought a photo album for my first trip and took 3 pics....
Wish I ws home in SD   can't I just leave school now???
wish intern andy were here today 
Wish it was nicer out 
wish it was still hols 
wish it wasn't raining 
wish it wasn't so crappy outside    iwanna go play in the woods
wish it would stop rainin!  its been rainin alll day!!
wish it would stop raining 
wish it would stop raining  How is everyone?
Wish JULES could come to H town to are kings of leon  Pisces girls can party!
Wish Larry would come home- wouldn't care about it being so late if our new bed wasn't in pieces waiting to be put together, I'm sleepy 
Wish me luck 
wish me luck for next week. moga2 all problem solved 
wish me luck for sundayyyy  ahhh still dont wanna go.
wish me luck got an interview for my results.. can't believe College is almost over 
wish me luck guys, off to comp now :S got butterflys. and an empty tummy  LOL shall get some chips there ;) @boonTING get well soon - ilux
wish me luck on my geometry regent tomorrow.  ill be cyring myself to sleep just thinking about it.
Well, of course, many more things other than #iranelection; the Asian tsunami, wars in Iraq, famine in Africa, where ppl hv suffered 
Well, off to work 
Well, one patient gone... Hope no more decide to go &quot;home&quot; today 
well, ran out of eps of Spiderman to watch.   Wondering why I'm still up, smashing the refresh button on dA hoping ppl care ab my pics.
well, reading the mplib's mplink object HELP files, don't understanding... 
Well, she was going to get her ass kicked by somebody anyway, might as well be to a quality player like Venus. 
Well, shoot got cut short because one of the dogs got cut. They're now at the emergency vet. 
Well, since I couldn't find anything different, it is back to the hotel for me tomorrow. Goddess, it is going to kill me 
Well, summer is here, and I get to spend this summer vacationing and hanging with friends, but spend it oh so lonely like last summer 
Well, thanks again everyone! But there is good news and bad news... Im not a swimmer and didn't complete the swim!  Did do the rest tho.
Well, that didn't work, Star Trek is sold out 
Well, that dilemma is solved. The Paley tickets are sold out already. They went on sale TODAY at noon, not yesterday. Bummer. 
Well, that formula didn't work. He's got a tummy ache and is spitting up more than usual.  so sad to see him upset
Well, that sucks! Got a bloody nose while in the shower and now I'm afraid to blow my nose! Not good when you are sick 
Well, that was an astonishing waste of an evening. 
Well, that was the worst softball game I've played in a long time. Yikes. One to forget. 
Well, that wasn't tooooo painful... downloaded ePub book to mac to see if Calibre would upload, sadly not  however, PC was happy with file
Well, the final tally is 4 kittens. Also, the movie Wolverine wasn't nearly as good as I'd hoped. 
Well, the long weekend is over....now for the drive back to work 
well, the movie cancelled... 
well, the Papaw's just left.  Back to normal.  If normal means having to say &quot;bye&quot; all of the time, I'll take abnormal any day. 
Well, the Prez just announced the Fed owns GM and says it will be 'hands off' mgmt. lol. Riiight. Say goodbye to private enterprise... 
Wish me luck on my midterm. I'll need it. 
Wish me luck, rawr.  Off to school now, x.
Wish me luck...I'm off to fight tickets! 
Wish mommy was here 
wish mr mcfox was here to run errands with me 
wish my 360 wasn't broken 
Wish my ABC network wld get their crap 2gether! Can't record any of my shows 
wish my allergies werent so bad 
Wish my baby were home already. 
wish my blackberry would work.... 
wish my dad didnt have to work 
Wish my iPod mini still worked - Blacklicious is so damn good, I'd be listenin' to them while copyin' books at work 
wish my manager would come out her meeting 
wish my mom was coming with me tomorrow 
Wish my mom was here  I need a sushi date with her. I don't get to see her as often as I'd like anymore :/
Wish my mom was here to make me some good scrambled eggs and buiscuts and gravy. Mine are not as good. 
wish my nicky were home too 
wish my sports&amp;comedy absorbed boyfriend would talk to me 
wish my voice was back to normal - the audition tomorrow is gonna suck big time.  
Wish people would call back 
wish people would stop banging on about Glastonbury - it's not like I'm jealous or anything 
wish she could have gone to the Midsummer party today 
wish she had her ex bk 
Wish she was going w/me to the Atlanta show 
Wish someone could help my family financially. 
wish someone would buy me an Alienware M17x 
Wish someone would integrate twitter wit orkut..orkut's borin without twitter 
wish Taylor was on @xtaylorrrrrrr 
Wish that I was Boulder-bound  #calicon09
wish that someone actually cared abou celebrating Swedens national day 
wish the cats wouldn't lie right in the middle of the road 
Wish the iPhone cam had Zoom... Guess they saved it for the next version 
wish the mtv awards was on tonight 
wish the snippy tool in #win7 had an auto scroll feature like snagit to capture webpages 
Wish the stalker would stop calling 
Wish the weather in england would cheer up 
wish the weather wasn't so crappy on Father's Day 
Wish the wee smilieeeeeeees worked on here 
Wish the weekend was just starting, but its coming to an end  tragic
wish there was a Ctrl+Z or Undo in Microsoft Outlook - just moved a heap of stuff into the wrong folder after individually selecting 
Well, the weather certainly has broken now - just in time for us to pick up our new tent this morning  So much for using it tonight!
Well, the weather is improving os no thunder todad  . Just got a mail from mu historyteacher saying that i have passed the course. YaY!!
Well, there goes our investment in GM!!!  
Well, there's always next year.  God, the Cavs sucked against Orlando 
Well, this child was not meant to be ours  that just means there is another one out there.
well, this girl is off to bed..... that's what getting older does to one I guess... 
Well, time to start prepping for work.   I will be done house sitting tomorrow &amp; back to the countryside / home. Gonna have to cut grass.
Well, today is a day of firsts. My first xc conditioning of the summer... as a captain! (ow but yay!). And my first wake  God Bless my fam
Well, today's been interesting. Had someone I thought was a best friend basically try and blackmail me threatening to out me to everyone. 
well, turns out I have the crappiest car ever... cost me $1600 and I've spent over $2500 just fixing it, in just 1 year. FML 
Well, turns out there were no good walls. Not in the whole house!  Everywhere is so DARK!
Well, Twitthings, I'm down for the count, being bushed doesn't even come close. Old injuries are rearing their ugly heads.  Moocho Pain...
well, vacation is officially over  i am sitting in a brand spankin new pair of skates fresh out of the molding oven. mushy skate goodness
Well, we can't say that the Swine Flu is officially here, but it's pretty scary 
well, we're the 15th and I already used 80% of my bandwidth for the month   I hate this bandwidth cap!  PirateBay, please become an ISP!
Well, work is nearly out... but I'm working all evening  Ah well, thus is life. If you love you're job, you'll work whenever.
Well,, netball sucked 
well,guess not 
Well. All depends then bcuz I'll be in pontiac n his gas is low  maybe someone will come pick us up! He he
well. grad's over. i gotta feeling wouldnt work at the stupid dance  somebody sneaked off. guess those ppl dont care bout friends. w/er.
Well. Haven't been on in two days.. no point in catching up with all y'alls tweets.. Though, sleep sounds good.. its only 6;00pm. 
Well. i have an intervirw today. Im nervous as fk. also, throat infection, yes, its still their. like fml  im hungry! this sux Loll
Wish there was Celtics Bulls game 8 today 
wish there's a way to find out news about super junior 
wish these boys would get out of my room,I want to sleep 
wish they were at Coachella 
Wish this next week was over already. . . 
Wish this rain would go rock off. Need to get back home after lunchtime...and I'm on 2 wheels! 
Wish this Sydney rain would go away 
wish this was easier.. 
wish to get married soon,to avoid this kinda situation..but then again,it wont b a good reason to start my own family  argghh
Wish u were here with me....cuz i love &amp; miss u 
wish we got jonas tonight 
Wish were in SA for IPL.....Raining like hell in MD 
wish work was busier  dang economy ...
Wish work would end so I can go swimming too.. 
Wish you were here 
Wish you were here, babe 
Wish you were human after all 
Wish You Were- Kate Voegele. Reminds me of Tree Hill. 
wish Zoe &amp; Lex werent wet from the rain, so they could sleep in my bed tonight ! 
wish Zoey would learn how to sleep in! 
Wished @c_shells, @ceezjr, @andrew_O, and keV, were here with @erinmanalo and I at &quot;Taste&quot; wine tasting 
wished for infinite wishes. zoltar laughed. 
Wished he had gone to San Francisco today with Friends.... oh well...  
Wished I could go to downtown Chicago right now  but I have watch. all good tho i'm an official sailor! Take pride =]
wished i could've gone to Tao nightclub 
wished I knew better. le sigh 
wished i knew Titanic was on Tonight  I missed it
wished i wasn working today 
wished my heart knew better  Whats clear in my mind my heart refuses to see and slowly its killing me. Truth is to you, I'm nothing
wished she had a car 
wished she had more twitter friends! 
Wished WOW was never created... Stupid video games these days 
wishes @iamjersey would twitter more. i love @iamjersey 
Wishes @iamjonathancook read @ replies. 
wishes @jones_uk 's back would feel better. i dont like it when he all achey and sore 
wishes @kyleschaffler was awake so I could gossip with him 
wishes @myxer wouldnt have double charged me for my ringtone...especially when i have an email saying they wouldnt charge me 
Wishes @toomuchcornpops would update more often! 
wishes @TraceCyrus was comin to Belfast, or would put on another date in Dublin 
wishes all the pain and swelling would go away already 
wishes boyfriend is not working......... miss him sooooooooooooo much. 
wishes cat and the hat was on again, i missed it   ...
Wishes crystal would stop rubbing it in that she's at cedar pioint and I'm not 
Wishes dayton had a candy store like cbus! Oh I want some clown cone right now!!!! 
Wishes everyone understood the concept of bathing, and wearing clean clothes 
wishes everything will work out. just wanna be his again.. 
Wishes evrything could just go back to normal 
wishes for Bamboozle 
wishes for every week whole court  http://plurk.com/p/ua2ep
wishes for good old cartoons to come back. ie: Captain Planet! Where's Wally! Daria! (sadness  )
wishes goodbyes weren't so hard for her. Long, sad day. 
wishes guys would stop playing her like an old strung out violin. also, going back to ithaca regrettably. back to that 
wishes he brought an umbrella.   Dangit rain, I just did my hair!
wishes he can just call her.  blah. it used to be so easy to move on. wtf happened?
wishes he could be in Atlanta, seeing Russian Circles and Coliseum. 
wishes he could get a new phone 
wishes he could go out  good night! soon booze and dance music we will re-unite soooooon
wishes he could help 
wishes he could see a dentist 
Wishes he could snuggle with his gf now! 
Wishes he could update to 3.0 before 9pm tonight 
wishes he could upgrade to the EnV Touch. 
Wishes he didn't have to wait til the end of the month to see @itsRo again  #missher
wishes he got an nvidia card, ati drivers on linux seem pretty balls 
wishes he had a Mac so he could play The Sims 3. 
wishes he had been to #cfobjective 
wishes he had his bike over this long weekend 
wishes he had his iphone so he could twitter more..   som much going on in this mind..
wishes he had more twitter followers 
wishes he had realized his wife hadn't held onto the debit card before he took a long walk to get lunch and not after.  GRRR! 
Wishes he had some work to do, 
wishes he had the money for either a Sigma 120-300 of a EF 70-200 L 
wishes he had to go to Spain to test the VPN he's been working on  boohoohoo.
wishes he was at the Enter Shikari signing 
Wishes he was at the Royal show 
wishes he was at the ukulele world congress 
wishes he was faster at creating network architecture presentations 
wishes he was going to JavaOne. 
wishes he was in atl so he cud hit up da B.Day bash..... how u gon host a club party IN AN ARENA!?!?!? man i wanna party dat hard... 
Wishes he was in San Francisco at WOWODC and WWDC  ... there's always next year I guess.
Wishes he was invited to stay for smores 
wishes he was Mandy Moore's... 
Wishes he wasn't at work when BGT was on.. but doesn't like the result! 
Wishes he went to camberley with his mom now 
wishes he would come on msn 
wishes he would love me back!! 
wishes he would stop getting anxious for no reason. 
wishes he'd remembered his lunch 
Wishes her bestie would talk to her. 
wishes her boss could also be that guy.  so jealous!
wishes her harddrive didnt break 
Wishes her husband wanted to play a game with me, instead of this stupid FF game.   Waaahh sad face sad face, etc...
wishes her love was coming home 
wishes her lovely boyfriend was here so they could curl up together 
wishes her mom was around 
Wishes Her Mum Would Let Her Buy Two Hamsters As I Have Enough $$ . 
Wishes her stomach didnt hurt 
wishes his cellphone wasn't on the verge of death... 
Wishes his GM wasn't going on Vacation, may miss something of #xboxe3 
Wishes his vacation started today 
wishes i  was still in copacabana in my spa 
Wishes I could afford an apartment that doesn't look like a crack den.  Please donate. Haha.
Wishes I could blink my eyes and everything would be unpacked! 
wishes I could buy a new back at the supermarket. Yesterday we cleaned up the shed so today I have to pay... Man this is annoying 
wishes i could find my camera cord thing to upload my picks of one night stand on to my comp 
Wishes i could get next week over with right now, and be home for the summer 
wishes i could go to bear paw and drink on innertubes 
Wishes I could hang with Andrea  *moarns*
wishes i could sleep.  even ambien hasn't touched me. 
Wishes I could spend fathers day with my daddy 
wishes i could take another small trip away.. hearing the Twangsters would be awesome this weekend... but  Steven is on call ...
wishes I felt better today. Financially, things are looking better. Physically, feeling kinda icky 
wishes i finishe what i started last night then i wouldnt be here 
Wishes i had money for miley cyrus tickets... Â£50 min MEH goes on sale tomorrow.......... 
Wishes I had somene to talk to 
Wishes I was at the puerto rican day parade gettin a boo, and not at this hospital 
Wishes I was either a)going home RIGHT NOW so I could go see adeste or SUAF or b)staying in cali for a few more days 
Well. That first tweet for today failed.  lol. Back to sleep or bacon and eggs? So hard to choose!!
well.. two calls nearly right after each other.. one lasted nearly 8mins (YES!!) and the other a  nearly 2 mins.
well...  luv him... but i feel like he duznt luv me anymore... 
Well... Getting up when i was supposed to was an epic fail! Today looks depressing 
Well... I had to pee and just wondered if I needed a key  thanks for making me feel bad SIR! We left. O well. Sheetz was delish 
Well... It seems like I do in fact grind/bite on my teeth too hard at night. First night without Valium and its worse again. 
Well... it works for sending tweets, but not to read them    Will be looking for new client
Well... It's only a matter of pressing the signin button because all my usernames and passwords are there but still, it's annoying! 
Well... looks like the comic will most likely not be up until midday tomorrow 
Well... now is time to forget, but it's soooo difficult... 
Well... poo!!! 
well... thats 3 out of 4 things done for today. its going to be a long day  i hate waiting
Well... then instead of being excited for new episodes I'll will just be excited for the con next June  Guess it means bye bye tscc 
Well.... I have spent the last 4 hours using a shop vac to get all the water out of my basement while it was storming. Great Monday 
well.... never mind i'm to lazy to do that.... 
wishes i was going kitch tonight, mah mah mah 
Wishes I was home... No place like home. 
Wishes I was on a beach, not sick in bed 
wishes I wasn't at work!! 
wishes it was cider o'clock 
wishes it was friday again 
Wishes it was Monday 
Wishes it was still sunny  but so happy that the french gcse is now over yay !!!
wishes it was sunnier  
wishes it was time to get train home. Today seems so long 
wishes it would rain! 
Wishes it would stop being icky outside 
wishes it would stop raining!! Going camping tomorrow and the only place forcast for rain is Anglesy!!!! Going to get wet 
wishes it wouldn't take weeks for Transformers 2 to come to theaters here 
wishes Jonathan would wake up! 
Wishes KG didn't give back Gears Of War  or Army Of Two...damn it...
wishes life was like a bed of roses 
Wishes my back didn't hurt. 
wishes my Dad were here so I could hug him today. 
wishes my phone didn't die because I was on the phone with my April's. 
wishes my profile picture would come back. 
wishes na ndi mg brown out mg isa lng aq ee.  http://plurk.com/p/xct6p
wishes nights like tonight never happened 
wishes 'one a day' anti-histamines worked for 24 hours 
Wishes organic chemistry didn't effin exist ! 
wishes plurk nirvanah.....  http://plurk.com/p/x73ys
wishes Restaurant City or Pet Society could be ported to the iPhone/iTouch.  http://plurk.com/p/n0lb0
wishes rosiewas here with me 
Wishes she can find 1more girl to go with us on the cruise in august. So far its gonna be me and four boys.  Grrrr 
wishes she could be at Meet In The MIddle but has work 2day. Irvine lessons for the last time  then last show of the musical 2nite. #fb
wishes she could be home for father's day.  love you dad!
wishes she could be prettier than her sisters L  !
wishes she could be under the sun with everyone playing frissbee...Admin law is just so...poo 
wishes she could feel better 
wishes she could feel your pain instead so you wouldn't have to feel it 
wishes she could find her camera 
Wishes she could fly to clarksville rite now &amp; cry w/my kendyll boo! 
wishes she could get at least 1 reply about how he is doing...  Man...I guess I'm just stuck with no one to talk to.
wishes she could get tibby painted already. ugh such a hassle. no ride 
wishes she could go see general fiasco + absent elk + air traffic 
Wishes she could go see Varsity Fanclub today!!!! 
wishes she could go to a UT baseball game. 
wishes she could go to bed but cant because she knows ifshe does the room witll spin 
wishes she could go to church this morning!  
wishes she could go to the Aus vs Japan soccer match but unfortunately has a 9am exam on Thurs. 
well....i broke my wrist....now i have to wear a stupid itchy cast  and i cant play my guitar 
well....the best friends are gone. this resulted in me crying for the first time (sober) in over a year. 
Well...a positive: The Gone Fishing Pic might be interesting  #wtf_Cleveland?
well...finally,I didn't go to the swimming pool because it started to rain..    only the day that I'm going to go it start to rain..WHYY??
well...i am in college and the high school drama is still chasing after me. will it ever go away??? probably not 
well...I can't go to sleep now.  Flu is no fun. 
Well...the good news is that at the end of may the live action Aqua Teen Hunger Force episode is on...the bad news is that I'm not Carl. 
well@barelylistening Dempseys was good .well I will be drinking alone in the IE mc is in az and you gone too 
wellity wellity. Does rob want to move back home. I'm gonna have to go with no 
welll twitter is officially boring. 
WELLLL good fucking morning. i want a cigarette 
wellll..in went to six flags today. it was 96 degrees, so understandably i only stayed for 2 and 1/2 hours.  so disapointing.
Welllll uhm I'm n longview and I'm not getting much sleep  I miss April
welllll, got 2 cheevos, but i've had to resort to doing vocals and guitar at the same time 
Welllllp. NOT going. Gosh I need to be working right now! Not a good look 
wishes she could go to the PPP premiere.. 
wishes she could go to the show tonight.  nbt! f15!
Wishes she could hangout with Michael and Nate today 
wishes she could talk 2 george again as i was so starstruck in front of him on Saturday  -oh well at least he got his card!!!
wishes she could visit everyone from Natchez... but im stuck here in Aus 
wishes she could wake up next to her best friend everyday for the rest of her life. 
wishes she didnt have to work all day  doesnt have a day off till monday  misses lee like crazy 
wishes she had a cool phone 
wishes she had a reason to cry. So so sad all the sudden. Must be overworked/lack of sleep...Who knows. 
wishes she had a time machine to go party in the late '70s early '80s 
Wishes she had gone to Bay to Breakers  ...next year for sure!
wishes she had gone to SoCal to attend @JRRichards concerts This weekend! 
Wishes she had had time to replenish the BSB fund before all these damn dates came out 
Wishes she had some more apple juice. 
wishes she had someone who wanted her 
Wishes she had taken them up on their invitation for dinner. I found spoiled milk, green sandwich meat and green cheese. Power outage!  
wishes she had the ability to revise in the sunshine 
wishes she had the money to go to the Brisbane last Saturday 
Wishes she she had the day off tomorrow 
Wishes she was at City Stages seeing Dierks!! 
wishes she was at fucking bamboozle. 
wishes she was at give it a name today, THE BLACKOUT AND ENTER SHIKARI!  
wishes she was at Hampton. 
wishes she was at the arena right now, seeing the girls again 
wishes she was better 
wishes she was getting K-RUDDS money... but she isnt  coz i wasnt 18 last financial year... hook me up krudd! make an exeption!
wishes she was going dancing tonight.... 
wishes she was going out tonight, rain 
Wishes she was going to crave AND soccer   mr.Decatur show tonight
wishes she was going to Disney World with her sisters and their kiddos 
Wishes she was going to the MMVAs tomorrow!!  Just watch it on tv BUT Beat rocks the block is gonna be sweet this year!
wishes she was home in Chicago for the South Side Half-Marathon   #fb
wishes she was in dallas right now 
Wishes she was in tulsa with her best friends 
wishes she was in Wales on Tuesday 
wishes she was just doing work in the jlv rather than going to my placement 
-welp . just got some salsa and chips ready to eat , got excited ... and it ended up being GROSS  what a night
welp again had one hell of a night  please PLEASE if u r a fan of CT please add myspace.com/cartertwinsphotobooth then spread the word!
welp had one hell of a night  please PLEASE if you are a fan of CT please add myspace.com/cartertwinsphotobooth
Welp i'm a lil d'pressed but not really. stress leave looks like an option. iunno. ah crapbag im runnin outta laundry for work  oh fack &gt;:
Welp Mufasa is dead  cue Timon and pumba now
welp, calling it a day now.  we're all cleaned and closed up!  tomorrow, i'm on at 8AM though 
Welp, last day of vacation today. Have to go back to work tomorrow 
Welp, we made it. But it looks like our gear and our bags didn't.....     http://yfrog.com/2857aj
welsh bac is taking ages wants amsterdam to come sooner 
wembley stadium was fantastic but as is the norm The Arsenal didn't pull it out of the bag! 
Wembley was fun yesterday, great venue, probably the right result pitch awful.  Still can't shake this cold  but at least its Monday! 
wen code steps on each others feet it really pisses me off...time for some debugging 
wen will i leave...am counting d hours, mins and secs..!  
wendyy not makin mii a skin no more 
weng! 1300 baht left! and i have 11 days left. 120 bath a day kubbb 
Wenn ich &quot;Have you ever seen the rain&quot; hÃ¶re, vermisse ich Stargate.  http://bit.ly/DS7Wv
Went #spearfishing today and came home with crabs. 
Went 2 church The girls alter served Now jst chillin b4 i have 2 to go help the nlaws with the 40 n up club dance Oh Joy 
went 2 do 3D ultrasound &amp; could see my sons face 
went 2 the chiro today for a consultation. did i spell that correctly? neway, looked forward to a free back cracking. didn't happen. boo 
went 2 the hair salon its raining like a BEAST out there UGH! &amp; i had 2 pee so bad comming baq sucks 2 not have a car 
went 2 the old rectory 4 tea had the combo 4 2 peeps well nice back 2 skool on monday booo i have music maths geog bor no english noooo 
went 2 watch &quot;Drag Me 2 hell&quot; was funny, scary, made me jump. now im @ work. only slept like 3 hrs. 
Went across town to eat at Dogma and they stopped charring the hotdogs! 
Went after the Real Radio Renegade in Wigan this morning... But i didn't find him... 
wishes she was living someone else's life today... 
wishes she was not allowed to be jaded by lenovo 
wishes she was out with A right now. This is a sad sad Saturday night 
wishes she was out with old friends tonight  oh well tomorrows another night ;)
wishes she was plannin a baby shower for Stiffy. 
wishes she was talking to Joey right now... hes the only one that seems to be able to cheer her up lately 
wishes she was with the family and not at work 
wishes she wasn't in school housing so she could foster/adopt needy animals. 
wishes she went to Bamboozle. 
wishes she were feeling well enough to party 
wishes she were in LA 
wishes she would work on her comic book and get done with the book already 
Wishes she'd brought her ticket earlier for Eternal Twilight 2. Damned fast selling tickets 
wishes sheffield wasn't so far away, then I'd be able to accept that job offer 
wishes sje'd woken up with more motivation 
wishes some1 who stay with me 
wishes someone... anyone... was around to help with all this wedding stuff. 
wishes stephenie meyer wud reply to my message! 
wishes students coming home from overseas stop importing H1N1 into our shores 
Wishes Taylorswift13 and elena Gomez would talk to me. 
wishes that @jakewhitlatch would come visit her every now and then.. 
Wishes that being sick hadn't put a huge damper on today.  what a week though!! Tomorrow is definitely a day of recovery.
wishes that good things would happen to the people that actually deserve GOOD THINGS to happen to them. 
wishes That he could go on the intarweb.  http://plurk.com/p/yzukg
Wishes that her prom date is a lot taller. 
wishes that people can treat her like a normal person, not a freak. 
wishes that puppy was still around 
wishes that she and her dad could be on their usual sunday morning harley ride 
wishes that she could have stuck @catfaulkner in her pocket yesterday for The Decemberists show. There were a couple empty seats nearby. 
wishes that she had an ipod that could hold all her music instead of only some of it 
wishes that she hadn't upset her boyfriend  bad bad plan.
wishes that tatango was still free 
wishes that this swine flu bollocks would just cease, it's really effecting his surf camps, another cancellation GREAT 
wishes the Bissell would just work properly. 
wishes the center i am doing my placement at would give me a job 
wishes the coffee shop didn't close at 3 because she likes working here on her laptop. 
Wishes the condo wasn't a heatbox 
Went along the old train line from Jewels to Belmont today. It rained.  heaps of white-cheeked honeyeaters #birds
went alton towers today and is so megazz ill 
went and checked out the new woolies not as good as i thought it would be, bit dissapointed 
went and deleted a ton of DMs...... made me sad  i miss some people
went and saw my cousin bailey he is two but he was sleeping 
Went and saw the boys on a working fire. Still off on medical  
Went and saw two bands last night (not metallica) and now I can't concentrate, just want to sleep 
Went and saw up, but would have enjoyed it more if certain thoughts didn't keep crossing my mind... 
Went back to gears of war 2 for some online fun, only to be greeted with the same shitty match making bollocks  gears 2 online is shite.
went back to sleep to rest, but still feels weak. I think more rest is needed..so boring 
went back to work today did ok with my calls till about halfway then grrrrrrrrr wish I was back on Vac. again 
Went biking with my father. Mostly uphill-- I'm tired. 
Went bowling.. High and then low..  whatthehell
Went carting. It was fun, but exhausting 
went cruising around town &amp; the one &amp; only person i wanted to see... i didnt get to see, but i got to see all their other relatives &amp; BFF 
Went dancing at The Modern last night and my feet STILL hurt! 
Went drinking all night and woke up at 6am 
Went for 3mile walk wearing stupid shoes. Now have 2 v sore blistered feet  bad times
went for a jog &amp; burned 257 calories...that was only the milk i had with my coffee 
Went for a run last night and hurt her knee 
went for bloemingdale but ended up in sonsbeek park. Car broke down 
went from having plans tonight, to none at all. 
Went got something to eat.. saw sis of girl I used to date.. so gorgeous.. but then remembered why &quot;I USED to date&quot; she was psycho 
Went Home Depot twice and didn't  see @la_nova  
Went home too early 
Went house hunting today &amp; the models made me sick...I like them all but to expensive 
Went into the office this afternoon, then went indoor rock climbing for a couple hours. Almost died! I'm soo sore!  Now time to go out!
went into work today and didnt realise it was my day off, goodbye sleep in 
Went on a bike ride with my dog..........and got blisters on my hands. 
went on a long 10 mile bike ride today, then it started raining 
went on a trip to bendido fun!!! 
wishes The Dares were on Rhapsody.  Can't even search for 'em.
wishes the economy would get better soon. Im on the verge of loosing everything. My car will have to go first, then soon my house. 
wishes the oven worked so i could make apple and blackberry pies 
wishes the printer would deliver on time 
wishes the SA cricket team would address the culture of losing and choking that seems to prevail in the team ... 
wishes the weekend didn't end! 
Wishes there was something she could do. 
wishes there's som'thang to do on a pretty day.  bored to death. http://plurk.com/p/xhdsz
wishes this stupid illness would fuck off now please 
wishes time would stand still so i can fix everything i have broken and tell everyone how much they truely mean to me...  
wishes to b at the space opening party 
wishes to have someone massaging her back and thighs right now. darn achy. 
wishes twitter would not mess up my link! 
wishes uni exams wer over 
Wishes va could party like they do down in tx. . . Drip. Miss yall 
wishes we could start it all over again, andre ?  http://plurk.com/p/yvr1d
Wishes we had Rockband here. I miss it. 
Wishes we were drinking...  
Wishes we were famous  We could o to the MTV Music Awards 
wishes wednesday didn't seem so far away!  ...... or better still wishes it was wednesday every day.... except saturday &amp; sunday!! lol
wishes you could go on facebook at the school    math class is too boring to live without it!.
Wishes you had teased me with movie night 
wishes you'll be mine please :'( i hurt to feel like this  http://plurk.com/p/12pz2s
wishes your phone hadn't been turned off!  http://plurk.com/p/oz68d
wishes zak wuld trust me enough to give me bac my necklace  i want it back, but he thinks i'll cut with it..... http://plurk.com/p/x2qkb
wishes... just wishes things were different 
wishh i was back at school right now 
wishhhhing i had some pizza. everyones at work 
wishies i could have my proper phone back now  (
Wishin' @SkywayAvenueXx the best of luck right now! I know how effing frustrating Math is...  ily - Wishin'
wishin' he didn't have to go to Lincoln. 
Wishin' he had his own Banzai-tron. 
Wishin I could be having an iHop pancake breakfast feast right now 
wishin i could get up late on saturdays 
Wishin I had some money 
Wishin I was at bday bash .... 
wishin i was at home with my fiance  miss you baby
Wishin I was at Oasis tonight  denisy phoning during champagne supernova or cigarettes an alcohol couldn't decide which one??
Wishin i was in LA for LC's book signing 
Wishin i was near California so i couldve gone to Coachella yesterday and Fri 
wishin' i was where all the good things happen. my life is soo boring  needa get sumthin to do!!
wishin my baby swag a happy 1st birthday...missin him wish his foot wasn't bruk up 
wishin my friend would come back to tx soon 
Wishin my sister/bf/soulmate @beloved01 was here 
wishin' the best fot the people in the plane  i'll be headin' to the airport to catch my own flight... wish me luck...
wishin there was a italian deli downtown 
Wishing @FrankMaresca was here in bed with me  I miss my cuddle buddy
Wishing @jennifaojennyjen all the best. Sending her lots of XOXOXO's . Hope everything works out 
Wishing @laurennhannahh could be here for my birthday tomorrow  SEVENTEEN! Ahh!
Wishing 2000 miles and 63 days didn't seem so far off. 
wishing a had mad money to buy a ticket for summer jam 09 
Wishing Adam was DONE with the bar already...it's only been 2 weeks of studying!  And I don't even have to study!!! 
Wishing Adam wasn't at work 
Wishing all Dads A Happy Fathers Day !! wish i was a dad 
Wishing all deserving mothers a WONDERFUL day tomorrow. Just spoke to mine (and my grandmother) back home in Sydney; I miss them so much 
Wishing Allen was home!  
Wishing Alma was able to join us at the movies 
Wishing and wishing and more wishing! 
wishing atl wasn't on the same night as lisa's bday.  ghey.  
Wishing Charlie would hurry up and get home I've been so lonely all night  and my new tat itches and I can't bend my arm back lol
wishing correy was here 
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day....as I study.... 
wishing everyone could just get along  just one day?
Wishing everything was just ok  go the blues although i can only watch half
wishing for a mac! 
wishing for a no more 7.30am - 7.30 pm class.. how i wish! 
wishing for a time machine that will let me skip the next three days so i can get home without having to wait for 96 hours. 
Wishing for an amazing Cosplay for Aya but severe lack of funds is making that difficult &amp; restricting me to less than stellar options!!! 
Wishing for blackout curtains...I've been awake for hours 
wishing for Internet at the new place studying 2 presentations ,1 test    I hope I have time for my life...why did  I have to pick physics
wishing for more motivation.. 
wishing going to the mtv movie awards 
Wishing he understood the process of de-zending. Would  make my job 100% easier 
Wishing he was here  love and miss u beautiful î„†
Wishing he was home so I could at least talk to him!! 
wishing i can watch mtv movie awards... 
Wishing I could afford to donate and download 5 Brothers &amp; A Million Sisters. Darn concert made me broke, 
Wishing I could be a part of an extreme church makeover!! 
Wishing I could be at home...its so ugly out and I am sleepy  but I am stuck at work until 4:30 
wishing i could be at summer jam this year 
Wishing I could be cornholing with my friends on facebook. 
wishing i could be in california... 
Wishing I could be in Chick Mafia next weekend... 
Wishing I could be in NOLA this weekend  oh well, I'll be there Tuesday!
wishing I could be watching Reik in Phoenix 
Wishing I could be with tom tommorow for his nans funeral 
Wishing I could be WITH YOU. 
Wishing I could do anything right now, EXCEPT study 
Wishing I could do somethings differently 
wishing i could drive 
wishing I could find phonedog.com to follow on twitter   I keep looking *sigh*
Wishing i could get a good nights sleep one of these days!  
wishing i could get my sleep schedule back to normal- 3 weeks in europe &amp; a weekend at the lake followed by working at 6:30 am.. no good 
Wishing I could get some sleep, but that probably isn't going to happen tonight 
Wishing i could give @Keith_mark a hug 
Wishing I could go out and watch Year One... 
wishing i could go out of town this weekend 
Wishing I could go to Rudd's for some ice cream 
wishing i could go to saratoga 
Wishing I could have a beer... 
Wishing I could have made it to the rally in Hollywood tonight 
Wishing I could have snuggled with my bunny one more time 
wishing i could just drive and leave allt he pain and hurt i feel behind me 
Wishing I could kidnap @candrews from work 
wishing i could meet one man who would prove to me that they arent all the same 
Wishing I could nurse @BobbyTML back to health right now  come home silly goose.
Wishing i could see dirty diamond tonight. 
wishing i could see my boy soon 
Wishing I could see N*E*R*D headline @ Fest at DePaul tonight 
Wishing I could see Rush of Fools tonight. 
Wishing I could sleep. 
wishing i could spend a nice evening with my sweetheart....but he's hundreds of miles away 
wishing I could spend ONE entire day with @jayare2.  stupid work!
Wishing I could stop coughing, put the kleenex down, and actually breathe out of my nose!  #yourenotsupposedtobesickduringyourbdayweek!!
wishing I could take part in the Washington Post Hunt #posthunt today ... studying all day instead 
Wishing I could talk to my wifey 
WIshing I could Tweet through my phone  So sad
wishing i could watch a Vancouver Canucks game. no hockey to be found here in the Philippines 
wishing I could watch the Lions match right now 
Wishing i could watch the mtv movie awards 
wishing i could watch the MTV movie awards  good luck Miley Cyrus!
wishing I could watch the Red Wings play tonite in the Stanley Cup Playoffs  
Wishing I could zip home quickly to have some barbeque and enjoy the company of Bill &amp; Casey. 
wishing i could've built the globe all day...  show 2 tonight
wishing I did not have to go back to work tomorrow 
wishing i did not wake up at 730 AM 
wishing i didnt give my maid the day off! 
wishing I didn't have a job that requires me to work on a monday evening 
Wishing I didn't have to choose between sewing and showering 
Wishing i didnt have to go back to the hospital 
wishing i didn't have to go back to work 
wishing i didn't have to work tomorrow so i could go to universal with @PatrickRidgen and @viasatell1te. 
Wishing I had 3 more hours sleep. I was nocternal last night 
Wishing I had a bike to get to work today. 
Wishing I had a feet therapy because pretty heels killed my feet 
wishing i had a follower. 
wishing I had a hair tie, its hot in here 
wishing i had a punching bag 
Wishing I had a web cam cause I don't ever get to do the daily live chats with Dax from TMZ and today Nina and Harvey were on there! 
wishing I had access to my complete shoe wardrobe 
wishing I had CMT tonight!!!  Missing the CMA awards 
Wishing i had gotten off my butt to try to see Obama today...Draggin` @ work...I didnt have pancakes 
Wishing I had gotten up early enough to have breakfast. I'm starving and in sales meeting so..  I have to wait..  
wishing I had HBO cause true blood is on I am missing it 
Wishing I had more time away from work to be in the studio recording 
Wishing I had played hookie from work to go see Dane Cook, in Omaha on June 12  !!!
wishing i had the $$ to move! Will just have to wait for now  
Wishing I had the baby alive and back inside of me. 
wishing I had tickets to see NKOTB in Concert on the 23rd! 
Wishing I lived closer to Miami so I could attend Encounterfest 09. 
Wishing I lived in cali  could have gone to movie awards
Wishing I made enough money to do whatever I want! Sux... No money in education 
wishing i never loved him so fucking much  fml
wishing i was  at #140conf 
wishing i was a brother from the dwarf 
wishing I was anywhere but here... 
wishing I was asleep 
wishing i was at a poooolll !  meh dinnahh date &lt;3
wishing i was at bamboozle with everyone else 
wishing I was at Bimbo's with my bestes, @tonystark206, listening to Oasis. 
wishing i was at camp utopia...  
Wishing I was at gay days   in St. Petersburg, FL http://loopt.us/1LD11Q.t
Wishing I was at home with my little Girl, not at work  Still of to Heathrow tonight for a slap up dinner in a posh hotel.
WISHING I WAS AT PHENWAY FOR PHISH  Goin to bed long day tomorrow  Then Dave on SAT !!!!!!!!!
Wishing I was at Phish right now  #fb
Wishing I was at the #hptf @HPTechForum2009 right now in Vegas 
Wishing I was at the beach  25more days
Wishing I was at the Laker parade! Only a hour away. Boooo 
Wishing I was at the magical Glyndebourne gala or the Traviata first night, but stuck at work with a never decreasing inbox 
wishing i was at the MTV movie awards! 
wishing I was at the Taylor Swift concert!  
Wishing I was at the Vogue show. Sad me. 
wishing I was at wrr this year. 
wishing i was back in mallorca...hate british weather  
wishing I was comforting my big boy now. 
wishing i was curl up with my boy 
Wishing I was eating with Mom and Dad right now in FL where they can get Martha Stewart Pot Pie Slabs from Costco. We only have Sam's 
Wishing I was even REMOTELY near the ocean for International Surfing Day  There's not even a pool here. Damn Iraq.
@truedeadman I want to see Wolverine very badly.. But I know for a fact all the terrorists-Tourists are going to be there due to weather 
@truejerseygirl You too! Enjoy your FREEDOM!!! I wish I didn't have to study. 
@truelovedied aghhh we miisssed/i missed a chance to win KOL tickets  boo we need to be gllued to the lightning 100 right now!!!
@TrueRandomGal Very very sad 
@truetwilgirl ohh fanpop is good but i like creating web pages and stuff like that interests me alot. facebook is blocked on my comp 
@truffle_shuffle a) Sorry  b) Yeah, idek why. After like 20 tweets I wanted to kill myself already. It was painful.
@truffle_shuffle You just made Ewan cry  lol
@truffuls I'm sorry  .....
@trulove03x28x09 pimples is a part of being a teen... Just be happy you dont have em like me 
@Trumpet1105 It's a cruel world. 
@Trumpette2 they are calling about 3 times a week 
@truskowski Good night! I already know I wont be able to. Too much on the mind. 
@trusthimto the final exam's just around the corner, I'm just staying up all night studying 
@trustnolie worst part is that I couldn't even go back to sleep. I ended up just watching TV, but I'm still very tired 
@TrustTommy im having issues with the german itunes atm. wont download free apps or anything else 
@TruthAgent29 i wanna know why @jensen_ackles is fake! FOLLOW ME please!)) i can't leave you DM 
@Truue I hope this is not something that happened to you, if so I shoulda thought of it first 
@trvsbrkr      &lt;33 love you travis.
@trvsbrkr  so sad I wasn't over there 
@trvsbrkr awww didn't know that. Sad 
@trvsbrkr but u guys made such an awesome cute couple. 
@trvsbrkr http://twitpic.com/6o1c1 - Couldn't get tickets to Toronto - sold out in minutes...and I tried my best. 
@trvsbrkr I think I got that wrong sorry. 
@trvsbrkr i wanna see you travis *-* but i live in argentina 
@trvsbrkr i would say diego, but i don't get the fight on tv, 
@trvsbrkr its nearly impossible to get general admission pit to your concert in chicago!! i stayed up all night for the fan presale too 
@trvsbrkr man! I nevr seem2b the rt caller  bet u haven't heard this B4: I wk @Fohi- seriously I do http://yfrog.com/0wwcjkj
@trvsbrkr why, will you have sex with them? 
@trvsbrkr WTF, Travis! Eminem sucks.  Go listen something good, lol.
@trvsbrkr, @markhoppus, it would pretty sick if Blink was on the main stage at Warped Tour, I never got to see ya'll live before 
@trx0x IDK!! I keep trying different files that fit the requirements, to no avail. Apparently, I shall remain faceless... 
@trxiegirl71 -sorry about your guinea pig 
@tryagain220 old RR just makes me lower my head and say a prayer after the eulogy 
@trythis__ I envy you 
@TS_Elliott That's awesome.  I'm VERY spartan, but my wife is a design freak.  So too many frilly girly things crowding me in. 
@tsag86 I was afraid of that  Well I did a system restore, the screen hasn't come back yet.. Let's hope it stays away like the swine flu.
@Tsali She'd melt 
@tsarnick AH I SEE...Well @OfficialSTaylo Bestie I miss you!! Hurry back!! 
@tsarnick I know i saw that..  I am glad she is ok! thank god!
@tsarnick I'm not on a computer!  Do you have Outback Steakhouse over there? Hahahaha!
@tsarnick Woah, I haven't been on a computer in forever, this is different! it's hard to type with my nails 
@tsarnick yep - they have been losing tho... 
@tshandy I wish I could 
@tsimer We're all going to be drooling and babbling.  Perfect!  And yes, bring your camera.  Mine's dead.  
@tsj2003grad Oh, that is so, so sad! I read that while watching tweets detailing Iran's death and destruction. that is the saddest teet! 
@TsolairVictoria awwww  I wld if I didn't hav my license fukd up :-/
@TsolairVictoria i miss you!  i better see you guys again soon!
@tsongvilay1 Congratulations! I didn't catch my 2222 mark.  Oh well, there's always 3333...
@Tsouki: I'm going to get a tune up tomorrow! It's so raggedy lol. I just want a new one 
@tsponseller Have you left for NYC yet?  I'm a terrible friend   Safe travels!!!
@TsQuest  I'm so sorry for your loss
@TSSexyChanel I'm bored  no one wants to play with me
@tstreetman Terry, we loved seeing you today! We hope you meant us though, because the birds in your last tweet were not us! 
@tsudo Really? I had heard it was good. Not as good as the first? 
@tsuei there were xi'an plans? anyway i think london in july is out for me because i can't take leave 
@Tsuki13 he didn't even get to do 1? poor thing, no wonder he's so upset.  and with all of us loving on misha... awww, poor thing!!
@TsunamiWavin is tht wea yu at noww? im frm there buhh i dnt live there anymore 
@TsunamiWavin thxxx.. buh we lost our first game 
@tSunshineLove Wishing i could help  Im sorry you cant sleep
@Tsurina yippeee! even when we're not in skool we still watch the same movies, just not in evan's class haha.noo ship goes down from here 
@tsuvik please send some rain to Delhi/NCR. its burning here. 
@tsuyoto Sucks tho 'cause he's the only bidder. 
@tswicegood I was just looking, but have good experience with shaun inman's Mint package. shame there is no demo though 
@tswicegood woo deal!! Just got halo!! Kindabummed. Just found out that there is no built in wireless  prob no live till I move.
@tswiftlover13 aww I hope you feel better! I'm doing good... It's raining here  I really need the sunshine! I'm about to leave to go watch
@tswizz hmmm. does he have parabola? I can't get that song anywhere. 
@tswizz Went to vote for you couldn't find ya' 
@tszcheetah Aunt passed away... 
@ttaasshhaa aw has foxtel WITHOUT the disney channel  @kthxx 'Oh well shit happens' Lmao. That made me laugh out loud.
@ttaasshhaa I don't have credit  Why? Whats so :O Lmao.
@ttaasshhaa I feel your pain. im so sick of this house! Im so bored too 
@ttaasshhaa I WISH I was hot  I don't know :s What stores are there at Westie? LOL
@ttaasshhaa Myspace. Im like 'Twitter Time' Lmao. Im feeling a bit better actually. I still have a headache though  Rofl eat her? How  ...
@ttaasshhaa Yeah I know its not on anymore, It was only out for like 2 weeks or something  But its coming to dvd at the end of the month.
@ttayJ are you serious!? Mines fully charged right now  haha
@ttd84  no words!  you are 32 flavors and then some !
@tthompson1969 the f#@$er!! See, that's why I stay away from that cesspit. I'm sorry you got cyberpunked. 
@Ttiaona : I'm so sorry for your loss T  If you need anything, let me know.
@ttriguero I'm still on the first gen w/ Edge... 
@tttdang @hungryhenryy I want to go shopping too  I've only been to Ontario Mills once..
@tubblog - don't you just hate that  I always say &quot;Don't tell me, don't tell me&quot; but it's like a compulsion.
@TubboJr I completely understand!  Its hard to get everything just right after its been moved or replaced Remodeling is a pain 
@tubbsmcguire how come you're still on date?  only popped to the pub for last half hour.   Today's a work day!
@tubee I guess it's quite hard to do business with close friends 
@tubelord I didn't get to download that song 
@TUc_ Heh, well that's too far  Hasselt is somewhat a student city too, but of course not comparable. Thanks though!
@Tucson_Cowgirl Sorry to hear about Bisbee. 
@TucsonResident hahahaha Well, I missed golf but did watch the finals...sad though as I am a Magic fan not lakers 
@Tudors_girlie awww hun sorry to hear that 
@TuesdayBlues HAHA SHUT UP WENNA. IT'S MAKING ME MISS YOU EVEN MORE 
@TuesdayBlues HEHEHEHEHEHE yknow I wanted to tell you I missed you once when I saw you log in!!! But I didn't  -TOO SHY HAHA
@TuesdayBlues i miss u very much wenna  how's perth!!
@TuesdayBlues so lucky  i miss perth hahaha
@Tuesdaychan I'm worried now. 
@Tuesdaytweetup I won't get there til 8.30 earliest 
@tuffyr ooooooh! I love Space Camp. great movie. sad I missed the reference. 
@tuftedpuffin you are worrying me  Sending virtual ((((((HUGS!)))))) Hang in there!
@TUID I really didn't like dollhouse. It was a bit meh. Seemed to lack something. Didn't really watch chuck. T:SCC was brilliant though. 
@tuiistheworld True (about the working). I've noticed these days that many people don't want to put in the hours but they want the money 
@tuileries lol I know. So annoying people behave like that though, can really ruin things.  x
@Tulashi usually I do but not this week sadly  http://myloc.me/4f1I
@TulipPrincess everytime I think I trust my  guy he lies 
@tulsablonde Yes, it's a little scary how jealous I am. 
@TunaCrust couchcast? early-twenties-cast? while I think I have a Leo-esque voice I don't have that much to talk about 
@tunainthebrine OH MAN! I haven't been on msn in years I promise I will be on tonight I didn't get you're reply til today 
@TuneChe we do got real niggas in the Navy  lol...oh let me guess u must be in the Army.
@tungro I kno rite? And some of us have to live here full time! 
@TuquyenMach Me too! But I read some things online from Dallas people saying Jake is a hit &amp; run guy.   I hope they are lying about it.
@tuquyenmach Sasha is probably out... 
@turab235 dey r jus 10 kms away frm my place but i dont think nybody r allowd to visit em 
@Turbolax oh I cannot stand it, I have to turn that commercial. 
@turbomichael  so sad - I'm sure you'll love it though. Good Luck!
@turhangross  I eat my feelings. 
@turhangross Wow! Some person u are! 
@Turkish_Goddess long day as well..and its not over.. 
@Turkish_Goddess well then we should hit miyayo sooon! i need 2 get up outta here as well. Hollywood is pretty tiring 
@turminallyill I totally would too, omg I missed you and Alex's stickam the other night 
@turminallyill it was?  i missed it.
@turnitgrey I left mine in music...i think i don't have a camera anymore 
@turnitgrey I was curious about that too  hmmmm.. fierce, sasha feirce! ahhh i lvoe oxford st randoms?!?!?!?!
@turnitgrey my computers broken and I broke my laptop so I had to use the phone  ahh still on he cause they fucked up my order.
@turnitgrey ohh lol. well the top one. the display pic is actually a photo of me and bradie cept they cropped me out  ahaha
@turnitgrey sadly - i am with you there 
@turnitgrey WTF you at manning for?? I miss manning 
@turnofautumn i hardly ever get to see them and i like like a half hour away. 
@turnstiles omg that sounds soo awesomee! but i dont have anything as awesome as that  im not standing next to u tomorrow!  hehe
@Turntablez I wish. I was dragged around between the 2 offices.  Maybe tomorrow I will sneak a pj top in. hehe
@turpentine2009 BBC dont make Primeval sweetie wrote about it when it was cancelled they are cutting costs for drama on all channels here 
@turpentine2009 No I don't. good song though! sorry I don't have it  how are you doing #followfriday
@turpy Aww Turp! I thought it was how you felt about me 
@turquoisefairy I found loads at our local.. but all really expensive 
@tursiops718 Ohnoes!   That's icky!
@turtallytayla ..we'll be here for about another 2 hours. 
@Turtle14ag aww man :/ i am such a nosy person that it will bug me 
@turtlebond it is really good, plus its all we're gunna get unfortunately 
@turtlebus poor baby  schooling it tomorrow?
@turtledip 
@TurtleV Yeah  We'll try to get this fixed soon, we wanted to bring up the server as soon as possible for everyone
@turtleweed 
@turveee topeee!!! I'm not in notts anymore  how was manchester??
@tussy From home. But it's still working 
@tutanreyes I think he is just tired...he gave it all last game...has no more 
@TuttoBene @gigglepops I'm going to die without football. I mean, there's confed cup, but I want Chente 
@tuxplanet Have Spotify running on Wine (Ubuntu Netbook Remix) but periodically just stops working and requires a reboot to get it back 
@tuxybuzz hey man where have u been havent heard from u in a long time my vote would always be Guss but i dont think its possible 
@TVAmy  they are about to launch beta 3 for uber twitter. maybe that will fix some of the issues.
@tvblog I don't get what they see and love in her.  I never have.  
@tvblog yes NBC is a mess...im praying SOUTHLAND can somehow survive and do well..but it's on Fridays so i'm NOT getting too attached. 
@tveskov Unfortunately, we just missed the mark. Won't have time until next weekend. It will be knee-high by then 
@tvfanactic Jealous I wanted see that film 
@TVFanUK People are saying i'm IN the BB house 
@tvilot just sent pic of LOVELY double rainbow he saw from deck in #Boulder. I AM SO HOMESICK!!!!!   http://twitpic.com/6vppu
@TViruz  lol if only it was that easy.. idk whats wrogn with me tho.. i just havent been able to sleep proper 
@tvredhead51 yes it is sweet. argh class in ten mins  will u b on tmw?
@tvsmike ugh - no MAC discs came with it. Am I out of luck? He was a friend but I've lost contact so no password 
@TVXQUKnow  I feel tired of my work  Cheer for me please~
@TVXQUKnow ahh~ tomorrow is my important exam ~ can u support me ?! plz plz :-s im so worry 
@TVXQUKnow if i pass my next exam, i will go to study far too. only my mom and brother at home  so worry
@TVXQUKnow oppa, my daddy have to work far 5 years. i will miss him so much. what can i do now 
@Tw1sty :: really? ouch  could be worse, could be monday..
@Tw1sty Bahhhh! Just a tease! 
@TW1TCH_CFXR not on mine it isn't 
@twandaforce @Brody_T miss tweeting with you guys!!! wish i didn't have to get to bed  ...see ya soon!
@TWANI_E won 1 &amp; lost 2, bt we ate @ 7 dis morn &amp; didnt get 2 eat again til 5:30 wit 3 games nbetween tht time so we wer hungry &amp; tired! 
@twannyy ahhh i knowww! this is getting ridiculous. it shouldn't be allowed for us to spend more than a week apart 
@twavidp i kno i liked another 1 from them but cannot remember the name it was super koo  n dang idk what happened 2 them  probly broke up
@TWBuddha I dont get it, sorry if I'm bugging u but how are you eligible? apple is confusing me 
@TWBuddha I have 1st gen. and it said I have to wait until December 17th-18th 
@twcampbell318 oh no, sounds like you have the same level of coordination that I do 
@twcrytzer watching a lifetime movie without you just isn't the same 
@TWCWeekends  Good evenin Steph and Kim!  hope yall are havin a good evening ... even though you guys are workin on the weekends  bummer!
@TWCWeekends It moved my choir concert inside 
@TWCWeekends noonish (via @scott420brown)  apologies.. wrong tweet. 
@TWCZach oh gosh i havent yet  ugh i need alife : P
@tweakk32  ooh...kinky. jk. i hope you have fun. i have to get off  but i'll call you tomorrow [i promise] ttyl
@tweekmeek Aw!  That's so scary.   I can't imagine not having my little baby pup Pip.  
@tweenkiebelle damn really coz was in a vintage shop n i quite liked it!  darn it
@tweenkle77 ew, yeah laundry... bought some bleach yesterday &amp; guess a bottle had spilled &amp; got on my pants   couple spots, but pooo
@TweetaMe I have 290 entries now. But Molly and Autumn were there all day yesterday cleaning up. I had no idea he was doing it yesterday! 
@tweetcheeng why oh why oh why? 
@tweetchristeen lol i dont like carrying around the blazer its fugly lol. i miss my bag  i think im bringing it tomorrow 
@tweetCrystal yep. 
@tweetdeck fail you're NOT syncing the columns from 0.26 on my Mac 
@Tweetdeck for iPhone: no trends? No local search? No timeline? 
@tweetdeck Great upgrade! But how much longer before we get our &quot;minimize to system tray&quot; option back? 
@tweetdeck i cant favourite any of my tweets? 
@TweetDeck It crashes on my iPod Touch (fw 2.2.1) 
@TweetDeck My tweetdeck isn't even working. 
@TweetDeck On the refresh after I &quot;clear all&quot; on the stocktwits columns all posts reappear in 0.25.2. Ever after multiple restarts 
@Tweetdeck the app does not accept special characters on my system... 
@TweetDeck unfollowed and blocked ppl are showing in my &quot;All Friends&quot; 
@tweetdeck update failed 
@tweetdeck Where the taskbar icon in V0.25.1B ? Can't resize anymore 
@Tweetdeck why won't my columns and accounts that I set up on my desktop sync with my iPhone?  i set up a TD account &amp; signed in on both
@TweetDiane Amen to that girl!  I sent Jordan TONS of messages for a while, telling him to hook us up but NOTHING!  
@TweetDiane I totally agree...going into work with 24 4 yr olds on 4 hrs of sleep...not so good...now I am studying for an exam 
@TweeterWall same thing happened with @borsato... He was in like 10th place and now only has 13 votes... please set it right 
@TweeterWall Why can't I change to my correct country ? was put in wrong country by mistake ! 
@TweetFakes  do you want me to make another pic? Without RealJasonEarles ?
@TweetFakes i wish celebrities would answer me 
@TweetFakes i wont do anything to it? i just take it and upload 
@Tweetie  no OSX 10.4
@tweetie How do I know which tweets I have read and not in #tweetie #mac? The dimming only works if I select each tweet 
@tweetie on iPhone cannot add two pics to tweet!? Bummer will have to get clever with cut'n'paste 
@tweetieelovee ill try and get yahoo it always makes my laptop slow  how r u doing? did u get anything while shoppin
@tweetingsfromUA i'm sorry things are so tough 
@tweetmaker TWEETUP! That's an awesome idea. I want to go!!! 
@tweetmeguy im going to sanibel which is way south  &lt;/3 for my tbrah
@tweetnotpurge1 ah girl how long has she been back for? im sorry  ya i aslo hit a wobble this week but from yesterday jumped straight back
@tweetnotpurge1 how u my babes? long time 
@tweetnotpurge1 just checked, am following U. Maybe something's wrong?  Have a GR8 Day Doll!
@tweetpeete unfortunally man..... 
@TweetPhoto Neither of my photo posts worked: email nor direct from 'cputer. 
@TweetRamona Let's face it, dogs own us 
@TweetRamona Of all those things I only had the blister cream  Sprained finger? That reminds me of my basketball days....
@Tweets60 Yeah still doesnt work with gprs from vodafone nl.... 
@tweetSG Hey, can help @sherylpz take off the url behind also? Lol, she's as dumb as @anneeee, that's why  LOL. Joking 
@TweetSG Sorry, can't help to intrude.  I do notice the ever increasing local women and AngMoh men...can't blame AngMohs,can we 
@TweetStats appears to be broken again. 
@tweettweetbabe ohhhh  !!! Im going to Tunisia and u ??
@Tweetvisor the site itself won't load. I've been trying for a few hours now and it never connects and loads any part of the page. 
@tweetvisor what happened to my real-time feed? Now friend feed is just like the Twitter website 
@tweetweetjoyyy thanks! but mine wasnt a big stage,its effin SMALL! so I have a huge huge fever,lost of voice,and coughing isn't helping 
@tweetybenbo but my cadigan is a guys one, bought it from Burtons, I feel like a girl now 
@tweetybert i don't think you can upload a profile photo from your phone... 
@Tweetylover damn girl, idk how you're doing it  http://myloc.me/27pX
@tweetypieeeTGP Thx!  I feel silly 4 not trying earlier, but it takes some serious persistence when u keep getting shut out of the site 
@twelve20 yaeh, I tried to make it warmer by firing up the stove, wrote about it earlier  It always was ok, always! But today...
@twenty2kdawg haha or you're just a light weight! how did her party go? I'm bummed I missed it. 
@twenty6la --u guys are moving?? Can u move back to guam??  *mishu!
@twentyafter7  bye bye camera
@twentyfourbears I miss snow in April. It snowed here....uhhh twice? maybe? and it was ages ago  I would have danced with you!
@twentymajor &quot;How would I know&quot; is the question allright 
@twentysixcats   They'll come in handy after pregnancy... when ... guests... come?
@twerminal you've been qwit by @timwhitlock  Last seen Sat, 06 Jun 2009, 18:48
@twervert which apparently has &quot;5,270 scenic acres of steep hills, bluffs, and deep valleys plus two lakes and a waterfall. &quot; never been. 
@TweSommelier  Normally, I'd be enjoying a nice Colorado vino, but I have an early start in the morning, so I am not drinking tonight. 
@twheresweevil   
@twheresweevil I wish I had the balls to actually reply to them but only little click &amp; i won't be getting any more ~awesome~ tweets 
@twheresweevil Pine is the only reason why I want to watch it. Maybe I'll find a stream somewhere. 
@twhirl is very slow in updating tweets  #fail
@Twi_Heart cool, but i had to change my picture back  my other one was MUCH cooler 
@twi_obsessed_xo dryyy tht suckss 
@twi_obsessed_xo LMFAOO! LMAOOO !!, SRY THT SOUNDED REALLY FUNNY!, i wanna go there though 
@twibble my phone's having real trouble seeing anything newer than 0.9.5  also got a feature request: would like ability to delete DMs
@twibble The app is still crashing on N96  so fast that when I press 9 I see the lines but not enough long to read it.
@twickpix @mlbarnes2009 @RandomShelly i want to play but my phone wont let me send pix through twitterberry for some reason 
@twicullen  lmao hahaha no idea.. who they art im a @thefatboy 's fan i was gonna say lover but i couldn't  even tho they offered sausage!
@twicullen Come back...   LMAO!!
@twidroid favorites added from Twidroid v2.1.7 are not being recorded in twitter web but showing on phone  any ideas?
@TwiFans  doesn't show it in my region yet boo
@Twigsta glad you enjoyed my Twitter nightmare  damn uni computers .. all is well now ... hopefully
@twihaiku Chastity Bono / Will you still sit down to pee? / Goodbye vagina 
@Twilight_sm  this is so sad... i can only see a red carpet...empty
@twilight_x3 whats wrong? 
@twilight85jonas oh no ugh we sorted him out but now dangerjoe is lol 
@TwilightCentral Aww man, I can't see it from my phone!  #gilbirmingham #peterfacinelli
@TwilightContest hey i won but I dont qualify.. thats not fun 
@TwilightEarth would love to DM but you are not following me 
@Twilighter_OfOz just working and stuff. last week of holidays before uni 
@Twilighter107 Yes I have 2 twitters! Yes I do have facebook. facebook.com/demilovato And I don't follow fans  sorry
@Twilighter19 Rally!?! Ive missed out again?  Am just watchin Mamma Mia!
@twilightersnet i was so disappointed we don't get it in australia coz of stupid classification restrictions!! 
@twilightfairy and yet it attracts so many types of birds. Must be one hell of a spot. My appartment has a garden which has 0 birds 
@twilightfairy I absolutely agree.. I'll even work 10 hour days or something for it.. But I just dont see it happening anytime soon 
@twilightfairy oh sorry i thot u were in mumbai!  my bad! in delhi to phir u hAve to carry it!
@twilightfairy ok. well, i came in too late to have any fun. clashing events 
@TwilightilDawn no Little Ashes showing in TX 
@TwilightilDawn Oh man I want palm trees and the beautiful ocean! Not cow town CO  Follow @peterfacinelli @billy_burke
@TWILIGHTINFO haha not complaining bout old news from you, they are showing an old episode of e news today  luckily you keep me updated 
@twilightinsider for Jake.jpg it says the picture doesn't exist 
@TwilightKiera hey again =] haha i only have 72  follow me people!!! lol!! thanks 2 all my followers! i love u  lol
@TwilightMom127 nope, can't find any video of kstew dropping her awards  damn infringement!
@twilightscoops just read that rob declined red carpet interviews... 
@TwilightTweaker death by microwave food 
@twilightus so happy you're having fun  it's not on tv here yet 
@twilkcom lol i missed the photo op when they all split up  i should have run out there and had them all stop and wait
@twilkcom wifi seems to be ok from where I am. there's no cell signal though. 
@TwiLove66 and my car is blocked 
@TwiLove66 but I'm in my PJs and need to shower 
@twilove66 yeah but i get bored of the music on my phone  haha
@twimom317 yes, what's up? i'm trying to blip songs and i can't... 
@twin_1xtra  u lefted me out dishoned
@TwinCupycake Those shoes are cuuute...but spenive 
@twincy I think I am the only person in the world who thinks mangoes taste like feet. 
@twinfraser I'm sorry that I'm not on! I have to study all night! 
@twinkle_x yeaaa  night xo
@twinkle47  oh poor thing 
@twinkle47 Fish fingers in the oven, poor sad old fish fingers that no one wants 
@twinkle47 LOL Morning, raining here 
@twinkleboi oh right 
@twinklesam why dont you call me anymore! gahhhhh i'm so disappointed 
@twinkletash wait'll you have to go to work 
@twinklybee  one day lovely, one day   no chance of a 100% mortgage, or a loan for the deposit from somewhere else?
@twinklybird and the pwnage of your exams will also continue! keep it up! only why does it always have to be sunny while studying 
@TwinkyDinkx ahhh wish so too!  yep, graduation. and probably falling and making a fool out of myself infront of everybody :| what you...
@TwinkyDinkx first one is AMAZING. first episode was confusing but it hooks you after 2nd  i LOVED the 1st one, and peter had the hair 
@twinnadryl   .ï¿½ï¿½?????ï¿½ï¿½.  i bet. man i wish i coulda went some whr. i didn't even go out here. i was home all weekend.  nyt life sux here
@Twinnikkib ............I WISH!!!....I'll start a whole new life in Philly!!!!! ;) ok enuff dreamin  back to reality - LAUNDRY!!!
@Twinnikkib jus everything in my life is ALL OFF SCHEDULE!!!   whatever 
@twinnius_b support them. myself included. and now there's rumors that they're gonna get divorced etc. which saddens me greatly 
@twinnytwo jealous about you going to marbella, i want to comeee  xx
@twinquasar LOL! still, there's hardly any stars in SG 
@twinschick1  Ugh.  Been there.
@twinschick1 I have a t-shirt from cafe press with a picture of John McCarthy, creator of Lisp. It is also fading after very few washes 
@twintalkofnyc lol well I still haven ate ima die  but ima txt you when I'm there since ur bro not talkin to me lmao
@twinx_reyes Yay! Free at last from loserville. HAHA. How come my picture won't save? 
@TwiObsession  oh im still waiting for the rest of new moon  i gona die if i dont know what happen!!!
@Twist1986 I get cred!! I was so excited when I saw it, and had no one to squee with 
@twista202 I think I want to read some books but the library doesn't have them 
@twista202 I'm working until 4.30 
@twistagmg Damn Twista that's messed Up! I don't blame u 4 being mad 
@twisted_utopia NOOO it's not fair! I got the Adult Content Notice. I can't read your fic 
@Twisted33 I'm a mess!! The guys wore the Sox jerseys last nite!!!! I'm dying!! Moved to tears   Tell her sure!!! Does she have a group??
@twisted4ddub good luck, our Bookman's down here isn't doing anything like that 
@twisted4ddub yes im planning on it already told tina, wanted to so go 
@twistedcovergrl I don't think I have the travel channel 
@TwiStedCoVerGrl no I didn't see it 
@twistedeuclid If I have it's not my fault. My personality is so forceful that sometimes it overwrites my friends 
@twistedgirl1 i'm alright. looking forwrd to findin out who won JK's comp, dont reckon we'll here til tom at earliest, maybe even few day 
@TwistedHelen amen to that... 
@TwistedHelen I forgot what happened at the end of eppy 11... OH... FALLOUT. Yeah, not happy about that.  Eden...
@TwistedHelen My office is like that, it's a converted dairy so it's always cold!  
@TwistedHelen We cant hand our own books in???? 
@Twistedlilkitty I knew a girl who worked in a pound. They had to freezer dogs in summer, an alarm would go off when they were defrosting 
@Twistedlilkitty ick  At least it'll be a bit cooler for the runnings and the taggings.
@twistednurse76 5 brits too 
@twistednurse76 no I just had a really bad headache yesterday 
@twistednurse76 pretty much the same as you sweetie  i always feel drained on a friday night... typical xx
@TwistedPeanuts 
@twistedrico awww.. I would have taken you some breakfast! Sadly,I almost never check my twitter 
@twistedthursday yeah next year the premier league and champions league ! Haha gonna miss guus  at least he still is a part of Chelsea !
@TwistedUmbrella I just saw you were banned from xda  where can I find you now?
@twistinglemon well....normally i don't get motion sickness but the last few times i have felt ill whilst flying.... 
@twistlickndunk You didn't text me.  I was so in the mood. AHAHAHA. What did you do? &quot;La&quot;? )))))))
@Twisuz  nope nothing! 
@Twisuz I don't know yet, but in Europe movies appear about one month later than in the U.S.  (apart from the UK, I think)
@Twisuz I think my 3 year old is having an alergic reaction to the life vest he wore all day yesterday   trying Benedryl and cortisone
@twit_tv just checking in to see how the show is going. Of course I can't watch it at work. 
@twit_twat_ash i know  they used to always have the simon ones on dave! its just mark lemar ones nowww
@twitberry8310 I don't know how to fix it I'm sorry 
@twitcaps @newmediaphoto I've found if someone is searching photos they are either curious people or they are looking to download them 
@twitch1021 your complaint is exactly why I cannot stand Minority Report. So much left unexplored to save time for jetpack fights 
@twitchinggrey Hiya, sounds like you're not having fun 
@Twiter_ME_This Do you remember I was an original? You never tweet me back. 
@TwitItCherish I don't know if she likes the lime light 
@twitoria NO!!  but at least you still have jrath!
@twitrbackground help! every time I try to change my background, it changes the colors, but I get no patterns...tried all your tricks &amp; 
@twitrclectic was gutted when i got to the top couldn't find that hotel u told me was there anywhere? 
@twitrmethis__dv. i love your face sooo much!! I hate my crip walk 
@Twitt3rhimself I know I didnt want to tlk 2 any1 so I put the phone on Silent, Copped a new Book From Barnes N Noble &amp; Kept it Pushin 
@twitter are you guys having db replication issues again? having trouble making a follow stick... 
@twitter Hey guys, still noting in my timeline..... I can post, but don't receive any tweets 
@twitter i don't see so many of my mentions!!! i know they are in my friends' pages but they just don't appear! 
@twitter I think you need to have another downtime to get this fixed like.... right now. We're still having problems. 
@twitter I'm having problems  my &quot;following&quot; page is not updating..?
@Twitter I'm sorry, it was an accident.  
@twitter my profile pic is a red X  what's up?
@twitter Twitter is too slow after the last maintenance ! Why ?!?  I always have to refresh to post something new !! &gt;&quot;&lt;
@twitter where did the nudge button go? 
@twitter y'all gat a wybe wid me still...y cant i upload a pic or background pic 
@twitter, don't be an arsehole please 
@Twitter_ME_This I found your bat signal the other day but you haven't replied to my emailed questions.  U don't like me? 
@twittera pobrecitaaa 
@twittera que me muera ? 
@twitteratti Not so late on a weekend night .. 11 pm finish?  Not so happy about today's results though 
@TwitterFon what's happened to the &quot;show conversation&quot; with @replies ?!? 
@TwitteringRav I'm online now but noone else is  Oh, and you can't boost the Dirt online unless you are the only 2 in the world playing.
@TwitterMail are instant replies down?  I haven't received any 
@twitterrific great app, i enjoy it very much but unfortunately blocking profiles does'nt work 
@TwittingAL i would be more exciting if summer meant that you were staying boston with mee  but congrats on being almost done!
@twittldotcom using single or double quotes on the title screws up the text 
@twittsted Yeah I know...but they're only going to be here for one night   I am determined to get some facetime...lol
@twittyKris i am but its with no one 
@twitvid Too bad it doesn't work with Sprint mobile video.  
@twizzwhizz11 I def. understand what you're saying about sleep.  I appreciate it a lot more now.  My summer hasn't started yet 
@twmozzi oh god my predictive text. 
@twobdesired 
@twobdesired I did wake up but i appear to have missed you by not much! 
@twobeerqueers aww hope it gets better- i feel the same way! 
@TwoCatsTooFunny  Big brother passed away before we could even meet. Sorry for Jake's family, they are in the prayers of many!
@twodogszk I haven't been in a while.  Been dealing with the office coffee, which is a challenge I must push through. #grosscoffee
@Twofine5 awww..that sucks 
@Twofine5 feeling the same way. 
@twofivefour There was a 'Pirates!' pinball at the nearby putt-putt place, it was awesome! Then the place closed 
@twofootedtackle Yeah, would have been a nice easy trip for me. Midweek fixture means I'm unlikely to make a home tie 
@twofootedtackle You really think we can beat Villa? I don't think we have a chance, we're going down 
@twofourlookin food? 
@twofourteen http://twitpic.com/7iuc7 - 
@twofourteen nooooooooooo   &lt;3
@Twois the only info we have so far is what i posted on LJ.. 
@twoismboc &amp; I stayed up too late playing Wii Sports. I am so terrible, but we both laughed &amp; had a great time. I am going to miss him. 
@twokidsonelove ugh wtf 
@twolegit2quit  sorry for wasting your time. Epic fail
@twooden426 it didn't go through! Fail 
@TwoPeasandPod Good for you!  I still can't really do much due to my hurt foot   Are you having fun in Florida?
@TwoPeasandPod Yeah  Trading 3s isn't helping...
@tworal my downloads came as iso's i think thats where i went wrong  unrar won't recognise them and says there's no files there.
@twoseventeen I kinda agree with you, if only I knew how to make my profile green I could join the protest  photoshop ftl
@TwoSharon yes she is just like me. When she gets hungry it gets ugly!!! &amp;yes, Daddy was awake for awhile.  he did laugh when I explained.
@twosoups not yet,  haven't had a day in weeks to sit down and work. so trying to do it in tiny pieces instead..may take a while!
@twosoups they won't go for it 
@twosoups woohoo! errr... hang on.. boo!! weeds  ... umm... dunno whether to be pleased for you or not :-/
@TwoSteppinAnt I don't like ab either. My effing hubby keeps changing the channel. The fire may come out of me soon!  wish him luck!
@TwoSteppinAnt nooo way  i will check right now &amp; find that mia ups man
@twosteppinant sorry to hear that  bum deal. Looks like you need the hugs as much as i do. You ever feel hampered by these 140 Limits?
@twosteppinant thanks scotty, thats annoying! the fuse thing sounds awesome....now i feel robbed 
@TwoSteppinAnt they took my camera away upon entrance. 
@twosteppinant true true. i am having no luck converting m4p's to mps's the co. I bought softwre from wont answer me  no Spac n2 for me
@TwoStepsBack why 
@TwoStepsBack yea it sucks 
@twotrickpony_ EW! I had two in college  They were TERRIBLE
@TWOTRUE oh yeaaa. I'm sorry. 
@twotymz the strangers was kinda freaky haha. i didnt get to see the end though 
@twrell1911 Well if u need something to do u could b my personal doctor.....I hurt my thumb 
@TWSDanielle this breaks my heart 
@twsnell1984 how come you never get online to chat anymore? 
@Twxtd4Jordan I wish I could. I HAVE to keep my door open for other people that may need me. 
@txaggie2012 it's changed now.... so poo on you 
@txcheesehead The tile is out but we have just barely started to paint.  
@txcranberry i am not following kentucky any more havent been for 5 days cause he tells songs and friend just twitted another song 
@txcranberry nope 
@txgowan I agree. It was the last slice, too! I know because I went in for my own slice after and they were all out 
@TxNana Indeed. I miss you too  Sleep well.
@txnewsprincess Mmmmm .... I've got brownies to make myself, but keep putting it off b/c its not for me 
@TXon_fire09 Yep- she left a few ago.  We'll figure it out.
@TxOxOxTxS Rain right now? We dont have. Just dull :| Where are you anyways? LOL! Last weekend 4 me 2, in ze bar then club 
@TxRedHead1 Joe said it has to be a boy. 
@TxShelbyTx Tell me more about CNS Tailgate. Is it done at Cowboys games because I'm a season tix holder and I've never tailgated (yet) 
@Txtmeplzsenior no  @rosababylol is going to costa rica... not today though
@txtornadoef5 Maybe, but it's pretty bright in the livingroom where she usually stays with my other cat. I'm hoping she grows out of it 
@Ty237 u walked rite passed me earlier. 
@tyanna810 i got tha 1st Brandy doll an tha Holiday Brandy one an the mike jackson doll but hes miss'n ah shoe 
@TyaraBee I went to hang with h.s friends  and we were all drinking &amp; my tolerance has gone dwn since I dnt drink so I was done off 
@TyCody Omg.. where are you in my life? This MIA shit needs to stop!!!  I hope you're well hun!
@tyDi dude awesome album, but where is &quot;You Walk Away&quot;?! 
@tyefighter I'm sorry to hear that  I'm having an ok day so far... Makes a change! Hope your day improves, shit days are shit 
@Tygatyga uh, i think you should have been playing Bamboozle this year with the other hip hop acts like Cudi &amp; Asher Roth. 
@Tygurr3 I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@tyhra_renee @MzLadi_B Fa real Me n Shay been on the toilet all night Shlda knwn sumthin ws up whn they didn't crd us 4 our Scorpian bwl 
@Tyindc Jealous, I wanted to focus 
@TyJaneTrev i agreee! clearly they only want attention, SORRY I COULDN'T CATCH THE TRAIN MATEEE 
@tyk505 Sounds grrreat!!  So sorry I missed it!   Wanna see pictures! 
@tykissndMAKEUP  aww thank you Ty! i miss you and your videos 
@tylen I don't even know what triumph is  wait right when i typed that--is it the wutang song?? i know the first part
@tylerbonilla oh know what happened!?? 
Wishing I was going to the Lakers parade tomorrow 
Wishing I was hang out at Disney with my sister today!  At least I leave for Boston at 6 tonight!
Wishing I was home to take @jesseleemusic to the CMT's, but I'm being a bad bf and left her all alone and dateless. Sorry baby  ILY
Wishing i was home. 
wishing I was in a hottub 
wishing i was in at the today show 
Wishing I was in BCN now for Sonar music festival 
wishing I was in Colorado at Red Rocks watching the Disco Biscuits. 
wishing i was in columbus ohio with my hunny  
Wishing I was in Del Mar with Pam 
wishing i was in ibiza 
Wishing I was in LA...  
wishing i was in louisville for Thunder 
wishing i was in my new house, rather than the boring old one. oh, and if i'm dead tomorrow, it was the cats. they're ganging up on me! 
wishing I was in Myrtle Beach but Spirit Airlines prevented me from being with the family!! Ugh! 
Wishing I was in Starkville so I could go out with friends  why did I have to graduate?
Wishing I was in Texas with my mom on mothers day  off to bed!  Sweet dreams!
Wishing I was in Toronto 
wishing i was on a boat for phi casual  taking an lsat practice test instead!
wishing i was out by the lake with a cold cerveza in hand instead of this cold office 
Wishing I was out with Chelsea... seeing UP!  Dang it.
Wishing I was outside playing verus in the office working 
Wishing I was still asleep 
Wishing I was still at the beach 
wishing I was still in bed with me Mal C 
wishing I was still in paderborn 
wishing i was there right now  could have happened  (vabeachnet live &gt; http://ustre.am/1IwM)
Wishing I was tired so I could go to sleep.  these all-nighters are killing Criss Angel in the Mind Freak department.
Wishing I was typing this on an iPhone 3G and not an iPod touch 
wishing i was watching RAW instead of doing patient reports 
Wishing I was with ALL my family 
Wishing I was with maryyyyyy 
wishing i wasnt at work, and preferably in bed.. sleeping 
wishing i wasn't still at work 
wishing i went to bamboozle 3000 miles away  was it amazing for those who went?
Wishing I were at #e3 
wishing I were eating sushi instead of in class today. Major craving + Class till 10 PM =  because I can't get sushi anywhere after class
wishing i were in Chicago right now watching Ellen! 
Wishing I were there.  Where?  Anywhere! Margheritaville comes to mind!!!  
wishing I would know if I have to work my one job today or not. 
Wishing I'd gotten more sleep last night... 
Wishing I'd not had the chocolately Horlicks before going to bed. Feeling all diabetic today.  
Wishing I'd said 'sod it' and was hanging with @The_Raff87 and @Slick_Ultra !!!  xXx
wishing i'd went to the cambel after all  a nice bit of a party would be good this time
wishing i'll wake up to sunshine tomorrow but it doesn't look too promising!! 
Wishing it could be 70 degrees every day!  Oh wait, then we'd have no snow.  And I like snow... just not the cold.  
wishing it was as nice as ystrdy morning. 
Wishing it was going to be summer soon 
Wishing it was Sunday... I want the internet on muh phone 
Wishing it was the weekend already 
wishing it was time to go home 
Wishing it were Monday already so Lizz would be home 
wishing it weren't so hot, so i could get my gardening done 
Wishing it would stop raining so I can get outta the house 
wishing it would stop raining!  
Wishing Jared was not at work..... 
Wishing Jason D wasn't in Actra 
Wishing Kevin would get better. 
Wishing laptops could directly run on solar power 
Wishing last nights game was just a nightmare 
Wishing laying on my side wasn't the only comfortable position, I am tired of laying 
Wishing Life Was different 
Wishing lo was here 
Wishing Maxwell would stop in Chi-town. Miss him terribly. 
Wishing Mercedes all the best and I am sorry to hear your loss  I love you â™¥ C:
wishing my baby didnt have to sleep all day and go to work tonight 
Wishing my baby felt better.  
Wishing my baby hadn't had to go away again 
wishing my beautiful, angelic daughter would go to bed so I can go to bed. had a long day, and another one 2morrow 
Wishing my boyfriend strength tomarrow... Sad day for him.  I LOVE you honey. :*
wishing my boyfriend was here with me 
Wishing my boyfriend would stop hurting me by talking to another girl both on the phone and txting.  
Wishing my brother didn't feel so sick 
wishing my car didn't just take a poop.  
Wishing my computer wasn't as old as dirt, so I could play Sims 3, I only had 384 of ram, now we have 512.  That's what i had around.
wishing my computer wasnt totally retarded 
wishing my face wasnt so swollen. ohhh it hurts! 
Wishing my husband could be here for fathers day! 
wishing my little sis was here  i miss watching her/ it's so boring here!
wishing my love handles weren't so prominent 
Wishing my Mom didn't have to be in the hospital for Mothers Day 
wishing my stupid back would stop hurting. im only 7teeeen and i feel like 80  help.
Wishing my wife could find a job in the Knox Co. School system. She has a M.Ed. in school library media. No luck so far. 
Wishing Naked Juice wasn't $3.45  I'd drink one every day but it can be quite expensive 
wishing Ro was feeling better  
wishing she had something to dooo 
wishing she was at the LA LAKER PARADE 
Wishing she was on vacation.  Extreme burn-out = unhappy Katie 
wishing she were able to go to any of the nkotb shows 
wishing some of my friends were actually on here so i could talk to them 
Wishing someone were into me..and now currently is out of touch 
Wishing someone would drive me to Taco Deli for lunch... 
wishing that Dexter lived closer 
Wishing that I didn't have to go anywhere today.  Doing a newspaper interview during preschool. Can't wait until it's over. Windy outside.
Wishing that I didn't have to go to the tar pits in the morning. 
wishing that i was on the beach right now, instead doing work for class 
wishing that i would could be rich so that I could stay in belleville 
wishing that i woulda went. fuck me 
Wishing that Im 21 already!!! Prrffff!!! 2more yrs! Oh boy!!! 
wishing that the country her parents chose to live the rest of there existance hadn't turned out to be a country with a 4day summer 
wishing that the iphone would already come out in israel 
Wishing that the mail worked on public holidays... I want my Creme! 
Wishing that they find the Air France Plane nowww! 
wishing that trivium &amp; heaven shall burn was less than one month away 
wishing the day was not slipping by so fast... way too much to get done yet today 
Wishing the fingerprint reader on my T500 was supported 
Wishing the Hurricanes would have won tonight   and Grateful that Gaby rigged the pond with a screen so no more Koi will jump out
wishing the office wasn't so hot 
Wishing the rain would go away i want sun 
wishing the sun would come back. 
wishing the swine flu ends soon... I canï¿½t even go to the movies 
wishing the week was over.... 
Wishing the weekend was longer... just seem to start relaxing and then realise it's back to work tomorrow  - Boo!
Wishing the work day were done so I could head home and check on my pups. Worried Target still isn't feeling great. 
wishing there was something i could do for you  to stay here with me instead of leaving me here alone in the dark 
Wishing there were more than two Baman Piderman shows   http://bit.ly/UjKcM
Wishing there werent 200 Miles between me and daddy  happy fathers day!
Wishing they had irons at LA Fitness   oh well...
wishing things were different 
wishing this day would be over ...... all I want to do is go home and sleep 
Wishing this rain would go away 
wishing to be somewhere else.3 months  Amazing shopping day! 
wishing warped tour came to london canada..... 
wishing was at #wavedaysyd 
Wishing we 15 all are here and enjoy it all.. 
Wishing we could get our kitty already 
Wishing we had a few acres so we could adopt more dogs 
Wishing World of Warcraft was better. I can't find motivation to play except to prance around in new druid skins when patch comes out. 
wishing, i was at the michou show right now.. god. life isnt fair 
wishingg i was in new york at bendel's 
wishn i would throw up already cause this nausea is killn me. i couldnt even finish my meal 
wishng I could use Tweetdeck or Twirl but sadly IT won't let me 
Wishs Xbox Live Whould Work 
Witch hunt. Boo 
With @ iamsoodope and susan. He's tryna get cute for summer jam!  LOL
With @koolkarni at the leaders meeting. The weather sucks 
with @nicocaliboso omgod omgod!!! I don't wanna see him die!!!! 
With 7 iMacs connected to one TimeCapsule you have to be patient after a systemupdate on all the clients ...  
with a bad headache!  
with a broken leg 
with a flue and a sour throat in bed feeling sorry for myself, I haven't even been to Mexico this year 
With a person like Rajapakshe at the helm of of affairs, Tamil aspirations are as good as dead, Camps are always there for them  #srilanka
with all of this Last Man Standing nonsense playing in the Dancehall arena Food Network had Last Cake Standing... oh shucks none fell 
with all the diseases in the world. i hate flu the most 
With all the Jon &amp; Kate hoopla I almost missed that Bradley Whitford &amp; Jane Kaczmarek filed for divorce.  
With all these rain 2night looking  another night in Xbox Land 
With budget cuts, I think my dream of and chances of being a TA when I'm in grad school has been diminished. 
with Cody, but that was horrible. never again. I'm traumatized 
with due respects, the weather of this place has been so severe over the weekend, it has disallowed outdoor activity of any kind 
With fear 
With food 
with full stomach try to look at the histology's notes...huahua...sleepy mode 
with harry.. baked. love you cassie.. BUT YOU'RE NOT ONLINE!? 
With its latest update, Tweetdeck no longer remembers its window position properly. 
With Jhay ;D Didn't get to finish watching Exorcist: The Beginning 
With katie @ scotts, re run of last weekend. Bad hangover 
with kimmy waiting for jenn &amp; dee    feel better @yelyahwilliams , since infections are the worse 
with lexi, were friends again! (: well wonder how long that will last.. i love her , wishing she wont move  only a dream
With Macs, Apple provide a good means to migrate from old to new. I've yet to see similar mentioned for iPhones. Anyone? Manually then 
With margaret and emma. No tess 
with marissa, &quot;WITH/&quot; ..... 
With Mother's Day looming, I am missing my momma more than usual.      What I'd give to have her here for just one day!  &lt;3
With my cousins. My recital's over 
With my dog at the emergency clinic. She isn't doing great 
With my loves minus @jkarpp815  but enjoying the first night of summer none the less.
with my mom. 2 hot 4 words, belle's relatie met mom + j blossoms! waitng 4 Opa, he tks B 2 AVL + i go wrk 4 wk 
With my munchkin @ the vet, his sick. 
with my new 32 hours a week work schedule. i will only have $38 a month after paying all my bills, and putting gas into my car. 
With my wife at the hospital early stage contractions  at least shes ok
with no one 
With people coming to look at the apt in less than an hour, this was the first time in 4 years my toilet decides to overflow? Seriously? 
with red who is blue 
With so many rumors abt the Palm Pre, I'm starting to think the whole Palm Pre is a rumor  good god @sprint @palm_inc release it already!!
With so much things to study and Bored!!! Wrong combination 
with still no results 
With strange thoughts and strange feelings... 
with the bestie lol almost curfew so i have to go home soon 
With the boyfriend now, goin to an in-store party later and........work. 
With the brothers at church 
With the flu!!!     Not the swine flu, though   u_u
with the headache of the year...! everytime you try to do something right, it goes wrong..! 
with the repair bill for my old dryer, i could buy a new one?? it broke right after the warranty! 
with tiana 
With two sick children at home  Hopefully they will sleep well tonight (so I can sleep too ;-))
With vortex2: bumblebee stayed alive on windshield wiper through golfball size hail! Succumbed to highway speeds later 
With will Mollye biddy sethington in the cab saying bye bye to putnam 4 la  poopie
With youtube keeping me awake till now, I have started hating youtube and myself agian. I thought of waking up at this time today. 
withdraw....i hate it. I miss FTSK. i need their music. my bro took their cd. 
withdrawal so bad with a band pathetic. i need to see them acoustic now, thanks @OFFICIALFTSK   &lt;3
Withdrawal symptoms - need cupcakes! Patissier looked underwhelming &amp; found out why Bakerzin is having 50% on their cheesecake. 
withdrawal symptoms from not seeing eastenders in over 2 years!!  lucky brits.
Withdrawing from my Plant Bio class so I don't get so many credits that it negatively affects my hopes of transferring.  Argh. 
Without a prom date 
without boy! poor me  like a ho without dick!! xo
WITHOUT DEPRESSION, FAB? no way, plz. I WANT MY LVATT 
without homework, I'm kind of bored.  Is that not sad?
without money  Ha!
Without my Blackberry I really AM lost  I don't know what I'm supposed to do or when I'm supposed to do it or with whom. Le sigh.
without my glasses , i can't even read something on mac screen  my eye is seriously getting bad
Without my phone, I tweet less. 
Without pc hasta nuevo aviso 
without text messages  thats the most awful thing in my life right now!
Without ticket for the Copa do Brasil final....Im sad...  
Without Twitter Life is Like The Seasons With No Summer With Twitter its Like Short Stack Without Bradie Webb As The Drummer 
without voice, can't even talk.. or sing 
Without you in my Tuenti... 
Witnessed a bunny get pecked to death by crows. 
Wizahd bumma - they got rid of the Cow Hampshire sign in epsom. 
Wkd:Nephew's 2nd bday, Reno in a day (Congrats Justin and Julie Alix!), tired &amp; feeling better, but now Bing is sick  feel better me love.
WKRP (Rollins Radio) giving away tickets to Pitchfork. I want to go 
Wku orientation tomorrow, I'm kinda nervous 
wld have called u my husband  .im so sorry 
wlked to work, it's sooo muggy out!  
wlking to james's to say goodbye to peeps for 2 and a half months  gunna miss everyone
wnt 2 write blog post abt 2-3 thngs bt nt in d blogging mood!!  Feelng lazy thnks 2 my laptop.wl return soon 2 delhi n 2 my desktop.
WNUA 95.5, the greatest smooth jazz radio station in the history of all mankind went off the air this morning, replaced by Spanish pop 
wo im good at getting to go and hang out with people... 
wo0o0ow today was My Anniversery and make somthing really special for him and he didn't came  how sad is that
woaaah :O i'm up and ready to go to school (?!!!) my stomach is really hurt i can't even walk. can i excuse for today? i guess not 
Woah - def getting much more Spotify ads   Particularly those advertising themselves!
woah im still up well i better go to sleep pce oh and now i gotta write an essay 2morrow 
woah party foul on boating today it broke down 
woah this is the earliest i've been up all holidays have no-one to go out with thou theyre all back at school 
Woah! I wish Fiji tv airs NBA games. Darn it. I can't watch my Lakers.  In times like this, I so wish I'm in the Phils. lol
WOAH! That was my 100th update! :O Was nothing special. 
woah! wheres john mayer? great day yesterday. gotta study for 2 mid terms now. ughhh! 
Woah!! Slept for 17 hours straight!! Theses migraines are becoming a bit of a habit 
Woah, Eyeshield 21 is ending? I've only read the first 3 volumes (so only 34 left to go... XD), but it still feels like a Big Thing. 
woah, got so addicted to shitty internet games that i didn't realise rugrats had finished 
woah, I feel crazy sick. grooossss... 
Woah, neat! Hulu Desktop is so nifty. Now we just need some way to get Co-Op and Giant Bomb's stuff on it. 
Woah. I just got really dizzy and light headed. This can't be good... 
Woah. I'm having a rough evening. err. My mom and I had some disagreements  tsk. I wish we weren't mad at each other anymore :'[
woah. im hott. legs hurt. danced with 3 hott guys. missed my baby grant  and almost got my wristband cut. haha. after party at my house.
Woah. Really hating on this one person atm 
woah...!! whatta great mess...!! 
WOAHH miley didnt win?!?  Ashs ok..but miley shouldaa won no doubt
woahh tetris is 25 , i remember when it came out ........ wait im too young 
woahh, im like so tired. mrrrhhh,  twitter on my phone doesn't work 
woahhh jb r in dallas already! 
woak up at like 7:10 cant get back to sleep  gunna be drozie rest of the day
WoC (and my dog at home still needs a friend)  @ Disney's Calif. Adventure http://loopt.us/d-mOLA.t
WOD:  move 46 4x6 rubber flooring matts 218 miles for time.  Target = 4 hours:35 minutes.  Result 329 miles in 7hours: 7minutes 
Wohoo! Landed in Miami safely. Next, Grand Cayman for #engage09! PS. I think I just saw a little bird get squished on plane's wing 
Wohooo new kitchen is now going in !!! What a mess already   
Woke early, tweeted, read, dozed. Just woke up again and now feel like poo 
woke my mom up because im sick 
Woke myself up a hour early  I gotta stop doing this http://myloc.me/15vi
Woke myself up by sneezing again. Far to early to be away on a Sunday  gonna make nice dinner for my Dad, well it is Fathers day today.
Woke the wife up for breakfast, but she was too sleepy to eat. 
Woke to  blackbird in kitchen, feathers EVERYWHERE.  Poor thing petrified. Managed to get it out, just lying in garden now. Evil cats 
Woke to the sound of Oreo crying like he really needed help, not like usual. Found/rescued him from being half inside my venetian blinds 
Woke up &amp; oh how my neck is sore!! I can't even turn it to left! I am not happy about this!   maybe if I use a heating pad it loosen up...
Woke up (a little) late than usual... And I feel tired!!!  Anyway, time for breakfast ;)
Woke up / got outta bed / had a splitting headache and... Wait, no, that's not right. 
woke up @ 5am with a headache nad it's still not a whole lot better... 
woke up 10 minutes before judith's sister's confirmation  crapp
Woke up 15 mins before work starts. 
woke up 2 early and cant go bck to sleep 
woke up 2 hours ago and since then i have been trying to go back to sleep....ya i kinda gave that up 
woke up 2 hours ago. whoa whoa that guy yesterday was soo cute. now it's to late 
woke up 4 am! 
woke up a bit ago and is watching a sick @angeliquebirky.  #fb
woke up a few hours ago wif a sore throat, not exactly da gr8st starts to a monday morning. 
woke up a while ago...going out soon 
Woke up about 20 minutes ago.... REALLY TIRED... have to go to school in about 30 minutes for English exam!! 
Woke up about 3 hours ago (way too early...) have to clean up the mess I made... Bye bye weekend 
woke up about 4:30ish very wet ,changed myself  still tryn to go back to sleep,not lookin good tho.....
Woke up about an hour ago,@Renderss stayed at mine last nite and she is still asleep haha,got work later on, a nice day too 
Woke up about an hr ago, still feeling kinda sick. But Blacklight Excursion tonight! 
woke up after about 3 hours and can't seem to get back to sleep 
woke up again a bit ago, I still feel horrible. will just have bed and film day I reckon. Wish the missus was about 
woke up again and about to head off to work until 8. whoopie! 
woke up all early cause my tummy is so hungry  watched dirty love last night.. SO funny.
Woke up an hour ago and now time to geting ready for work at 3  soo can't wait for my week off in 2weeks
Woke up an hour ago, can't sleep somehow  watchin Dane Cook on Youtube! I love this guy!!! I think I'm over excited to be honest 
Woke up an hour later than intended.  On the other hand, slow day at work.
Woke up and could breathe out of my nose until the sneeze fest started...ugh 
woke up and feel like death. I hope I die tonight because I hate feeling sick 
woke up and felt that the world is against her. i miss my baby tho . he haven't called. 
woke up and it's raining in Houston...   
Woke up and my baby wasn't here  This sucks
Woke up and my dad still isn't home which means no ride to school for a while and im feeling really sick again...  
Woke up and my knee was throbbing... This can't be good 
Woke up and my tumtum hurts now too.   so so very lame.
Woke up and saw a wild turkey in my yard I chased it to a corner then it flew off.. no pet turkey for me   http://mypict.me/41AI
woke up around 7am because of my dream: you know what? lumilipad na ipis! di na tuloy ako maktulog uli and now hello headache 
Woke up at 1 - finally on an approptiate sleeping schedule. Too  bad we leave in 2 days. 
Woke up at 10 and had breakfast, today's really cloudy again 
Woke up at 1am and couldnt get back to sleep! Tired now  I feel like crying 
Woke up at 2 am with an allergic reaction to to some over the counter medicine...can't get back to sleep. 
woke up at 2pm today, still so tired 
Woke up at 4 
Woke up at 4 am ot have an international call BUT no audio on the other side 
Woke up at 4AM for who only knows what reason, and now I can't fall back asleep. 
woke up at 4am with a stomach bug. havent slept since then 
woke up at 5.30 on my day off! 
Woke up at 5:15 Working alllllll day 
Woke up at 5:30 but then fell back asleep til 9:00   I love mornings!!
woke up at 5:45 and couldn't go back to sleep, I hate when that happens! 
Woke up at 645 on a sunday. No fair  ew to work.
Woke up at 6am 
woke up at 6am  far too early...more coffee then
Woke up at 6am what to do...Usually get on sp if bored but its no working 
Woke up at 6am... Jetlaging.. I need to have my car checked/repaired... The &quot;Check Engine&quot; light was on for 15 min.s yesterday 
Woke up at 7.00 to a very barky Amy. Apparently she was telling off the pigeons in the back garden.  Still need more coffee ...
Woke up at 7am and I have to get ready for school now  I've gotten used to waking up at10 am LOL
Woke up at 7am to watch the #Lakers game. TV isn't working!! Stayed an extra night in Beijing because hostel had NBA tv. 30min to fix it! 
Woke up at 8 cos nausea is so bad. 
Woke up at 8 dammit 
Woke up at 8am. thought &quot;should get washing off line now&quot; but went to bed instead. Now it's raining. I&quot;ll hafta borrow ma's dryer now. 
Woke up at 9 to say goodbye to Melissa 
woke up at 9am! craziness i tell ya! watev last night was a good night besodes my cwll flyin across the backyard 
Woke up at like 6am due to my mighty rug burned elbow scratching the sheets too much  what a sucky night of sl... - http://bkite.com/07kBj
woke up at the exact time I needed to be at work 
woke up at three and cant fall back to sleep 
Woke up b/c I had a bad dream.  Going to try to go back to sleep for another couple hours 
Woke up because my edward poster fell on me...can't get back to sleep 
Woke up becos my phone rings, then tried to sleep again but the room that I slept in has to be checked out&amp;the next visitors has arrived 
Woke up coughing. 
Woke up cz I 4got to buy Powerhouse tix...f*ck the special is over  back to regular prices :-/
Woke up dreaming of chewy strawberry sweets, but have none 
Woke up drowning in mucus. Much more of this and I will wish not not wake up at all. 
woke up earlier than i wanted to.  now i must clean the house 
Woke up early 
woke up early  helluh tiredd. text it(:
Woke up early  my nina is in town so excited to see her. Going to the swap meet in a lil!
Woke up early done more revision for Tuesday! Leaving at 3 for my exam  wish it was Friday afternoon already! Gna be a hard week!! 
@tylerbrownn haha, yeah you are twittering right...and i'm going to nyc june 24th-27th 
@TylerBrunick Tomorrow WILL NOT be amazing. Work from 8 to 10.. 
@tylercaulfield nope not coming thru on my fone 
@tylerconium I guess I'll leave it hooked up to the computer overnight. I'm so sad right now. I lost ALL of my stuff. 
@tylerconium Oh yeah I heard about that guy getting to Federer...just friggin unbelievable  But at least Federer won!!
@tylerdca Apparently, Hulu is blocking Hotshield now. 
@TylerHarrell do you really smoke??? 
@TylerHudg  cant come again tonight. don't have a ride
@tylermahurin aw dude! that sucks! 
@tylermassey most of those look like evil My Little Ponies... regrets in the near future, I fear 
@tylermassey wish we had spotify 
