Anto it's crying out side my window for me to let her in  I'm about to cry
anxieties - scurvyseadog: awww don’t be sad  lets embrace this disorder that we have. i was alot worse last... http://tumblr.com/xp6224an2
Anxiety all night 
Anxiety is so annoying. Let me live my life. 
Any #wordpress gurus out there? I upgraded to 2.8 and now my /feed/ redirects to /comments/feed/ which is just plain wrong  How can I fix?
Any Berlin videographer available Jul 18? http://www.ncompassonline.com/ paying $500 but looks a bit boring 
Any chance  Softbelly (for @MTUB) isn't loud? 
any cheerful person want to volunteer to greet in my place @mosaic tomorrow a.m.??  I am sick sick sick 
Any city person want to trade n live in the country? House comes w racoons n skunks livin under deck. *sigh* 
Any clues how to get a Kaiser Baas photo keyring to work on a Mac? Damned thing doesn't show as a USB storage device 
Any Connecticut/New York based men's hockey leagues need a fan for the summer? I'll be lost without my hockey 
Any Faith No More Edinburgh tickets out there? Missed out again 
Any idea if its safe to eat Pork? Miss them 
Any Ideas as to where my dead cell phone could be?? I want to pull some photos off and well I can't find it. booo 
Any ideas on how to potty train a palmeranium puppy? Im having trouble with him and getting mad     HELP PLEASE!!!!!!
any ideas on how to show a 88 yr old --mostly blind, hard of hearing, limited mobility --that she has self worth? 
Any kind soul out there to help me with my shit load of dnt? 
Any nice programs to watch on telly?  Or perhaps I'll just flip thru photo albums then.. sigh
Any of you guys lucky enough to get the #iPhone #3GS? I'm not eligible until Jan, so I'm waiting until the 4th gen next June. 
Any of you use adsense? How are clicks? Mine have dropped dramatically 
Any one awake???? I am I am at work  totally wishing i was at home in my comfy bed
any one else noticed how hot it is out today?  I celebrated by running errands in my non-airconditioned car 
any one else upset that the real suri cruise is gone from twitter.....she was funny 
Any other sucker up in #yeg? I don't work shift work, but I'm stuck at work 
Any sleeping advice? I still have only slept a couple of hours in past 4 days  Grumpy.
Any smart way to profile jQuery? I'm looking at most of the run time spent in init() 
ANY SUGGESTIONS ABOUT GOOD ONLINE GAMES ?? 'CAUSE AUDITION IS KIND OF GETTIONG BORING.................. 
Any suggestions for sore leg muscles after a strenious walk?  Two days on and I can hardly move.  
Any suggestions to help with a bad sun burn? 
Any tampa/orlando bbs want to plane an ONTDST meet up? Missed the otown one 
any tell me how to fix pic. Can't seem to put up image. Stuck with ? mark. 
Any tips for a sore tummy?  Please be simple, I am at work so simple ingrediates will be fantastic.
Any update on the brazil flight that disappeared a few days ago? 
Any way to do this? I added Airport Express to existing wireless network as a bridge, but it doesn't want to extend that via ethernet. 
Any who working today until 12:30 then I get off.  Gonna come home and keep looking for a place to live.  No luck so far. 
Any1 else havin' problems w/ mic button on Iphone 3G???? Mine doesn't work… 
any1 noticed how small spcy chkns r now? &amp;im peeing every 5min how am i going to sit through up? it'll ruin it for me  WALTON SIT DOWN NOW
anybody ask me out please ? 
Anybody awake ...no? goodnight.  haha
anybody can teach me english ? i'm very confused w/ d grammar . hufft 
Anybody else experiencing painful slowdowns with facebook? 
Anybody else watching britains got talent?Best final ever by far...I love diversity but dont think there gona win  any predictions?
anybody has the chinese homework the answer ? I need copy  http://plurk.com/p/11re8f
Anybody have any ideas to make a badass sunburn feel better!..  I'm in so much pain!
Anybody heard from @SexyCougar I miss her 
Anybody know how to change the font size of the notes on the iPhone?it shrunk with the 3.0 
Anybody know of a great shampoo to remove dye??? it stained my carpet 
Anybody know where my iPod went? 
Anybody know who's hiring? I'm looking for a new job. If I don't get out of my current one I might kill myself 
anybody know why pdfpages is not working for me? 
Anybody manage to get @MLB #atbat live streaming working in the uk last night? Kept failing at the blackout check for me 
Anybody needing a T in the Park ticket this year? after last weekend i have to sell mine 
Anybody out there having a beer right now? I hate drinking alone. Mrs T is oot  On the other hand, Mrs T is oot 
anybody out there? I am so bored so text me or call me or something!..........I honestly have no friends. 
anybody seen my iPod? 
Anybody still got the Obama Facebook satire-I forgot to bookmark it 
anybody understand me  i misssssss my bff.
Anybody wanna go in 2 work 4 me tonite? I'll let u borrow ma chevrons and u just run shift for me. My head is bangin man 
anybody want a roommate? i need to move out asap, i hate, hate, hate living here 
Anybody want to send me a new Samsung Impression??? I don't understand why neither company will help..my phone isn't even a month old. 
anybody want to walk around boston with me tomorrow? i dont want to be alone 
anybody want to write an essay on psychosocial challenges? its killing me 
Anyhoo, bed now. Work in 4 hours  (although technically half day, as work party in afternoon == get paid to get drunk)
Anyhoo, In Manchester, Boiling Hot! Akbars was Akbar!  Been learning that we've been busting our balls doing things the hard way... 
anyhow, the da vinci code sucks lah.
Anyone already downloaded iPhone OS 3? Still not showing up in iTunes Store. 
Anyone any idea how to fix it???? Help me 
Anyone awake?  I really can't sleep ...
Anyone been subscribed to sub-sub-Vice yoof webmail Platform? They've got a big interview with Julie Burchill but spelt her surname wrong 
Anyone besides me have to work today? 
anyone can come with me to see the Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience this fridaaay!!!! whyyyy???!!! 
Anyone can recommend a good book? the ones im waiting on wont be released til august and later 
anyone care to watch that 70s show with me? My bestfirends in Mexico 
Anyone coming to #icann #sydney with a canon charger let me know  - can't charge either battery 
anyone else being bombarded with rude naughty followers this morning??!! This will stop me using Twitter if it stays this bad.... 
Anyone else desiring some warmth right now? I know I certainly am. 
Anyone else feel alone tonight 
Anyone else find John &amp; Kate + 8 sad tonight.  There are lessons in there...
Anyone else finding Paypal wonky today? History link is broken 
Anyone else get there #download2009 tickets today I didn't 
anyone else getting a &quot;network busy&quot; message for outgoing calls using AT&amp;T? this has been going on for awhile now for me 
Anyone else hate summer colds!!!!! i have no voice 
anyone else having issues with block uploading on flickr? using simple uploader but when do duplicates counting 2wards my capacity 
Anyone else having MediaBrowser stability problems? Had it crash twice in 3 or 4 minutes 
anyone else having problems accessing TTB??? I cant get on!!! 
Anyone else having trouble with Saurfang realm on WoW? 
Anyone else in chandler area having internet issues? Has been crapola since thu/fri. Bah! Got the 'try a new modem' suggestion. 
anyone else noticed a drop in emails thru Gmail over the last week or so ?? or am I just unpopular now  #fb
anyone else see the sun front cover, with poor peter andre crying as his mother flew over to see him for the first time since his split 
Anyone else suffer from swollen summer legs  healthy eating and gym utterly pointless if legs then double in size of their own accord...
anyone else sun bathing? iv had to in for a bit i burn easily and sun stroke gets me if im out too long  loving the weather though!!!
Anyone else think Hannah Spearritt is cute as a bug? I miss S Club 7. 
Anyone else using Yahoo! Messenger having issues with Adium...It's not letting me sign in 
Anyone elses match just switch to the New Zealand game on BBC3?? 
anyone else's tweetdeck go nuts after that last patch?  Every time i come back to my machine its crashed. 
Anyone ever got their wisdom tooth pulled? Is it as painful as everyone makes it to be? I need to get mines taken out soon. 
Anyone ever had that heavy feeling of sadness in their hearts? Thats my case rite now. 
Anyone ever seen a square cookie? 
anyone for a spot of rain? 
Anyone from Brooklyn wana join me in going to diggnation this Thursday?don't wana go alone. 
anyone get google analytics for #umbraco working... my tree is empty 
Anyone get the new iPhone yet? I want one so bad but AT&amp;T coverage in my area is not very good  
Anyone getting &quot;Rate Limit Exceeded&quot; on 3rd party Twitter apps? Frustrating. http://bit.ly/w76Ai Maybe I have too many API calls. 
Anyone go to Nocci Middlesbrough? I completely forgot about it! 
Anyone going GA tonight and fancy buying me a pink bag? There was none in Lpool 
Anyone going to America this week? I want the new Ghostbusters game, it's region free, but won't be on Xbox360 here for a while 
Anyone going tonight i cant have people at my house after  sorry
anyone good at Stats coursework? Thought I'd seen the back of Maths CW of any description - but sadly not 
anyone good with business? i need someone to finish my 1.4 for me lolol. help? 
Anyone good with wordpress or setting up wordpress? Our entire work has CRASHED!! 
anyone got a copy of #jquery uitools #expose they can e-mail me? their site has been down a while now 
anyone got any advice on what to eat/drink after having food poisoning? i feel terrible? and still have more auditions left 
Anyone has any news from inside Tehran !! ?? no one that i know is online from there 
Anyone have a quick fix for a broken heart??  
Anyone have a spare Pandanus? I managed to overwather &amp; kill mine  Don't want to ship another from Malasia... ☹
Anyone have a stream of the #RedWings vs Penguins game? I'm in the UK and can't watch it. 
Anyone have an extra DSL modem laying around??? My broke and the warrenty is up 
Anyone have an idea why my firefox stalls at about 90% when I'm viewing websites? It won't load the rest of the page. 
Anyone have an idea why my window controls &amp; door lock button would just drop down into my car door all of a sudden?  Or how to fix it?  
Anyone have any cures on what to do for a throbbing toe?  Dropped an umbrella stand on it this afternoon... 
Anyone have any Evan Taubenfeld? I just deleted mine and can't find it 
Anyone have any idea what is going on at trafficnowfire? Haven't been able to access it all day. Major advertiser down, can't be good 
anyone have any idea why her computer has now given up on burning dvds??? 
Anyone have any resumé writing tips? I am completely, absolutely, 100% clueless. Save me. 
ANYONE HAVE MTV ? I NEED TO WATCH MTV MOVIE AWARDS 
Anyone have slim fit dress pants I can borrow! Size 30! Mine ripped  fatty
Anyone have some advice??? I need it!! 
Anyone have suggestions for good carpenters in Richmond? (around exterior windows in particular). Got some issues... 
Anyone have the link for the latest HL5 update? I accidentaly deleted the email. 
Anyone have tips on handling a fest by yourself? Only thing I'm worried about is not being able to see the stage, as I'm short 
Anyone having problem signing into yahoo messenger/pidgin??? 
Anyone hear about the North Shore music theater closing? Couldn't swing the costs for the summer season. So sad. 
anyone in southampton? daughter still hasn't found a new flat, and her lease runs out at the end of june  £550 pm max is the problem.
anyone in vegas wanna watch my kitty for a few weeks? my roommate is allergic  www.mattspaid.com/karma.jpg ..she's really cute and a bitch
Anyone interested in a sweet little puppy. Its a boy. Need to find him a home 
Anyone is having issues with Skype on OS X? After a while, can't hear anything anymore, even though I'm still connected... 
Anyone know a good free hotmail client for Nokia phones? I use Flurry now but they stopping service on Fri. 
anyone know a recipe for AMAZING smores, all of mine are turning into black globs 
Anyone know a way to make marking Math romantic? Or at least interesting? My brain has turned to mush.  Hmmm... maybe time for a nap.
anyone know anything about illustrator?  Need to invert the colours on a logo eps and my illustrator-fu is weak 
Anyone Know Anything That Sorts Out The Flu Really Fast?? I Need Help 
anyone know HOW 2 remove RED wine stains? My light blue shirt with 1 small spot a friend nailed me with! Washed it 3 times no drying yet 
Anyone know how the other far right parties in Europe are doing? guessing it will be equally depressing reading for the morning though  
Anyone know how to get Twitter alerts? Is it just thru email? Sad that I still haven't figured this out after having Twitter for a month 
Anyone know how to install UniConverter http://is.gd/1cJSm into Inkscape? (OS X) This requires unix commands or... sumthin or other. 
Anyone know how to make pics smaller. I cant load one on here 
Anyone know how to order resticted stuff on Amazon to Australia? It won't ship me 2 games, a book and a Windows Home Server 
anyone know how to pre-order SETB? i dont see it anywhere on hnet  HELLLLPPP!
Anyone know how to pull TweetDeck down to the bottom? My one doesn't show up there and it's annoying to keep it up all the time 
Anyone know how to return an iPhone app?  I just got an app that doesn't work. 
Anyone know how to treat a possible bed sore? I read salt water after changing helps? Just found it on my dad this morning 
Anyone know of a decent sql cheat sheet to stick on my wall. It's been so long &amp; I'm not in the mood to think about syntax 
anyone know of a tool that will match the colors on my 2 monitors, colours looking different between monitors is not good 
anyone know of anything that relieves stress that doesn't involve the taking of drugs? 'cause they're not working right now...  
Anyone know useful stuff for someone switching from Windows to Mac? Preferably stuff like getting things to work like you're used to. 
anyone know what the munich agreement was? HELP MEE!!!! 
Anyone know what's happened to Gloria Jeans in Notts? It's closed, and it's Saturday 
Anyone know where I can buy a used fridge from? Mine broke 
Anyone know where I can get Revlon Colorstay samples? @superficialgirl got some and I asked but she didn't reply  
Anyone know where you can buy jonas brothers tickets? You know i live in sweden but i don´t know where to buy the tickets  someone help &lt;3
Anyone know who the final two are on Celebrity Apprentice?  I feel asleep  Please give mteh scoop
anyone know why changing tracks doesn't work with streaming stereo bluetooth in  iphone 3.0 software.  the sound part works as does pause 
Anyone know why I can't pair my g1 phone with my g4 laptop using bluetooth after the cupcake update?? It sez &quot;no configurable services&quot; 
Anyone know why this is happening? iTunes keeps trying to deauthorize my phone  http://tr.im/jeh9
Anyone know why when you view your followers it show's less than you supposedly have.  Only got 8  but can only see 5..??
anyone knows of a good streaming radio? I forgot my iPod in London 
anyone knows of any web that teaches advance typesetting styles with special effects (other than aegisub web)? 
Anyone knows remedies for muscle aches? There was badminton training yesterday and now everywhere hurts 
Anyone like their new timetable? I only see @Ster13 like twice a day 
Anyone local have a digital converter or the coupon for it they are willing to surrender? We didn't think about it for our camper.   
Anyone mind explaining this to me?  Stacking food on animals...http://tinyurl.com/36f4d6 
Anyone needing to contact me by phone don't bother, cell phone is not working, and we're a few days away from getting new ones. UGH! 
anyone no how 2 fix computers? think mines crashed. won't turn on 
Anyone notice Chicago finally has summer weather &amp; now beaches are closed due to Fri storms?  That kiddie pool is looking better everyday!
Anyone noticed how fast the weekend goes?? Itfees like only just got home from school. Now we have to go back again. Ahhhh   Hurry up holz
anyone on? I'm all alone 
anyone remember the name of that older cartoon &quot;The Wonderful World of (something) Scary &quot;. it annoys me when i cant remember things  
anyone reply! this is going so wrong 
Anyone see &quot;Street View&quot; anymore on Google Maps (Bay Area)? Doesn't show up on my maps 
Anyone see a black hoodie on the sidewalk or street? Its mine. I'd like it back, please! 
anyone see the #beejive update?  I no see it  
Anyone see the New Moon trailer??? Recap please?? Traveling on highway, no video here. 
Anyone seen @twilightnd97?? think she's gone missing 
Anyone seen my wallet??? 
anyone suggest anything to do after lunch today? in northern ireland and weather not good  x
Anyone that sees this and has a heart. please pray for my grandfather! 
Anyone use the new blogger search box. It doesn't do a very good job searching. Tried something obvious, &amp; it didn't find anything 
anyone using tweetdeck try to update with the repair update for repeat posting cleared tweets?  mine no workie. 
anyone wana join mileyworld for me? i will pay them the 29.95 dollars back, all i need is presale code for tomorrow morning 
anyone wanna be my twitter fren. i doh have any 
Anyone wanna come over and hangout tonight? I miss all my girlies 
anyone wanna do grocery shopping for me? cuz im sick  and lazy to walk 15min to coles in the rain  
anyone wanna help me dye my hair tonight? 
anyone wanna hit up popscene with me...? I don't wanna go alone. 
Anyone wanna join me at Fleming tonight? On my own til late 
Anyone wanna pick me up from white room in a bit and give me a ride home? 
Anyone wanna tell me what happen with /Jonasbrothersmusic? 
anyone want a '99 Navigator with a boat stuck in the back of it? 
Anyone want a lime-green duct-tape tri-fold wallet? It's kinda sticky... but otherwise cool. You have to fold your money though. 
anyone want to buy a place on the Oregon Coast?  It is one gorgeous area and unfortunately for me it must be sold. 
Anyone want to come over and finish unpacking for me 
anyone want to come to Starbucks on Precinct Line Road and 26 and buy me a parfait and a juice...left my wallet home...sad times!!! 
Anyone want to deliver a bowl of pho to me? I'm sick and craving noodle soup. 
Anyone want to do anything? 
Anyone want to feed me? I'm starving and lazy 
anyone want to give me a job? would greatly soften the blow of my imminent maths exam failure. booooooo 
Anyone want to help me with my for-fun novel? I got writer's block and I want someone to research Disney World w/ me. 
Anyone want to offer to do my exam for me 2moro? I just can't concetrate/understand it! 
anyone want to recommend some music ?! omg im so lame w 400mbs of music wtf is that .. anythings ok just not rnb/hiphop sorry twinks 
Anyone want to see transformers tonight? :/ I don't want to go alone. too many bugbites 
Anyone want to sell me thier old Sidekick? They dont sell them over here in the UK and I really really want one 
Anyone want to stop by Carl's Jr and bring me a chicken club?  Can barely walk...  
anyone want two tickets to summerjam? I can't go 
Anyone watched Wolverine? It was pretty cool even though the whole Sabretooth story line did not make sense ... 
anyone watching the game? pleas tell me the score....thanks!! me have no cable till tues 
Anyone whose upp, text me, i cant sleep 
anyone with disney on demand! can you make the JONAS episodes downloadable and send them to me please? 
Anyone with grandma's homemade recipe to stop coughing? Went trhu Theraflu, NyQuil, Rubitussin, Mucinex... Nothing really worked 
anyone within easy reach of me good at back rubs? between my shoulder blades is killing me 
Anyone...: Want to go to work for me today??  I hate it and really dont want to go  lol http://url4.eu/ECY
ANYONE?!  
Anyonethere I need someone to talk to ?: Hi anyone around...feeling low  http://is.gd/ybcs
anything good on at the cinemas? 
Anything I've eaten over the last 24 hours, has just come straight back out. 
Anyway after 12am, it'll be 10 more days and i'll be back home! I so miss mummy, daddy and ran! 
Anyway goooood morning everyone its nice and sunny out side, and i am sat in a class doing shity coursework  lol
Anyway, I'm really hoping that postives happen today since negatives were NONSTOP last night... 
anyway, tenho que me inscrever no enem 
Anyway, time to get some breakfast and start revision 
Anyway. Can't take this shit no longer. Or my mind will blow off. 
Anyway. Tomorrow  ahaaam, @eeicaari I need u, I need talk about it 
Anyway... tired now. A few drinks and some decent food later I am DEAD. ddeeaaaaddddd. Ugh work tomorrow. 
Anyways, At least im on now, Not had many follewers recently 
anyways, have to go fishing with my dad, GRRRR 
anyways, i miss 1st block 
anywayy, work now  
anywhooo, funday :} g'night rehearsals tom early i think 
Anzac lying on the lounge next to me and was just a very dirty dog. Guess which end was closest to me? 
AO Scott pans Whatever Works - what a letdown   Larry is funny but the guy can't act http://bit.ly/A4G5H
Über happy now that Pauls home, was only one weekend... So god knows how I'm gonna be when he's away for 4 months 
ºoº .•:*¨¨*:•. ºoº  I wish it was time to go to Disneyland  Only another 4 months to go
ap world test. ughh 
AP: Gunfire at Iranian rally kills one 
apagando  un incendio en Adwords, the Adwords master is sick 
apagando, time-to-work 
Apanhando do Twitter, e do inglês 
Aparently I'm the boy I don't get a real name. 
Aperture is starting to import my pictures twice. 
Aphids have killed half our calla lillies 
Apocrypha 1.2... =&gt; API, WebSite und GameServer sind so ziemlich down 
Apologies are tough. Don't know what to say, how to say it, when to say it. Damn egos getting in the way. Damnit, I need to tell someone 
Apologies for lack of resposnes to the @ replies people I hadn't been notified and now I feel bad as I didn't see them 
Apologies for the previous tweet (which has now been deleted) - my Twitter account got hacked. 
Apologies from my camera phone  It has toothpaste in it  Ohhh I don't even knowwww
Apologies if I'm hardly around these days - life, work, study and the Sims seem to be eating up all my time 
Apologies to @horuskol @amykate @tristancameron and all who tried @bing_bot, it seems its auto memcache flush played havoc today 
Apologies to anyone trying to contact me thru my website  for some reason those emails are not getting to me... Hope to resolve soon!
Apologies to anyone who got blindsighted by the auction ending 24 hours early. Comes with the territory of doing things yourselves 
App Loader is taking a long a while connecting to device... 
App Loader is taking a long time &quot;connecting to device&quot;... 
App Loader is taking a long to update... 
App store is finally working. Still waiting on my pwnage tool though 
App Store is incredibly broken right now. Release date is all wrong (looks like update date!) and flooded with SlidePuzzles 
Apparantly I look more like a clown than a hippy in my fancy dress outfit for tonight 
apparently #blindsearch made it to NPR but i can't find it 
apparently &quot;technology&quot; read my last tweet and got pissed  
apparently @stephencisneros has another girlfriend, how sad sad sad 
apparently a plane has vanished over the Atlantic... 
Apparently all my guy friends have fantasies bout fuckin me! Smh. Sometime's it's hard bein beautiful 
Apparently American Girl isn't making Samantha anymore - they're replacing her with &quot;Rebecca&quot;.  My inner-child mourns the loss 
Apparently andrew &amp; i are spiritual pillars. No one else shows up for service &amp; my day is ruined  Star Trek later!!
Apparently Astro_Mike really didn't really tweet from space   http://bit.ly/bGVUb
Apparently belly is really used to healthyish food now &amp; really resents unhealthy. It letting me know that loud n clear 
Apparently Daddy loves driving my car more than his own car.Which is totally find,IF he'd told me first.Drive mybaby with feelings ya,Pa 
Apparently Dell us killing the mini9. Which is too bad as I was thinking of getting one. 
apparently did not get up early and am deff packing stuff into storage instead of shopping  at least i have TBS tonight!
apparently doesn't know any Tweeters... bored with this already 
apparently doesnt need to go to work anymore.... but hitomi needs to go to the dr 
Apparently food colouring is not oil soluble? Failed science experiment with Miss E this morning 
Apparently fucking Hogi Yogi isn't open on Sundays . . .   I'm going to bed.
Apparently getting to trivia 75 minutes early isnt early enough to get a seat inside  if it rains this could get ugly
apparently has no plans for tonight... i don't care, i want to sleep! 
apparently head trauma isn't a great bed fellow of beat making  maybe i'll just work on pads this morning......
Apparently I am allergic to the latex in the bandages I was using to cover the poison ivy ranch. 
Apparently I am not allowed to change my twitter picture 
apparently I can't really fall asleep till Jason gets home... 
Apparently I could have a UTI? 
Apparently I do not have enough to do because I just got stuck doing another report that is &quot;too large to print&quot; per by boss 
Apparently i do. 
Apparently I don't weigh enough to donate blood 
apparently I have Cats on vinyl. but nothing to play it with 
Apparently i have the hands of a 45 year old male. 
Apparently I have to import Monrose...they aren't on itunes 
Apparently I missed Cory and Emily visiting today  Sorry, @miss_emily1014 and @HickoryFire !
Apparently I stayed up till midnight for nothing 
Apparently i talk in my sleep and i grind my teeth really hard and loudly.  thats depressing.
Apparently I'm going out tonight, but I really don't want to. I have a lot of work to do 
apparently im going to a BBQ in like 15 mins. i dont want to go, i'll be standing like a loner lemon all afternoon  todays been shit!
Apparently I'm going to Ontario for pre summer games training n our schedules r looking so tight- I probably wont have much twitter time 
Apparently Im loosing my touch when it comes to technology...  that or my patience for incooperation is lower
Apparently I'm moving back to Boston on may 26th  this sucks... I'm happy I get to see people I miss but florida is my home now wtf 
Apparently im not free yet 
Apparently I'm not meant to take dance lessons here 
Apparently I'm not qualified for anything these days. Actually don't know how much longer i can get kicked back from places 
Apparently iPhone 3.0 isn't coming out until 10:00 am PST. 
apparently iPhone or Smart Phone... I just can't get a good signal in my house!!!  #whyATT
Apparently it's a nice day, but my window hardly opens  http://yfrog.com/14twmkfwj
Apparently Lady Gaga was in sg. Am heartbroken. 
apparently M.I.A. ughh I miss my bebez 
Apparently my attic does NOT have an unlimited supply of suitcases 
apparently my aunt's depressed 
Apparently my charger wasn't plugged in so my phone died. Missed the group ride, which was pushed back an hour for me.  Sorry, all.
Apparently my dance skills aren't as fresh as danielles! I made me and my mom cry! 
Apparently my dog is ill 
Apparently my Filipino Name is Leonora. I'm expecting Maria, though 
apparently my iq is 138. i don't even know what that means 
Apparently my Kodak all-in-one won't scan without a black ink cartridge.   That doesn't make sense. 
Apparently my lizard from the other day died after all 
apparently my M&amp;Ms are all gone... 
Apparently my music is still too heavy for reception. The boss told the other girl to take it off on Saturday  Getting 'spa type' CDs in!
Apparently My texting isn't working in Boston...  no random twitter updates...
apparently my updates from yesterday wont show on my profile page, which really bothers me 
Apparently my website, OcTalk.net has exceeded it's bandwidth limit  I'll do what I can to fix it ASAP.
Apparently my windows 7 install iso is corrupt. I'm out two blank dvd +R's 
Apparently none of the channels I get are showing True Blood. At least not on Sundays. Which makes me sad. 
Apparently not as smart as i thought i was  ahhah
apparently NOT going to ATF, but to facilities... 
apparently not living in Tridelt next year. 
Apparently not sleeping netime soon thx to that music...giving in and watching Harpers Island...I need my scarepal Bec 
Apparently pee wee's bbq is closed 
Apparently people don't want to talk to you when you're depressed... and then that just makes you even more depressed.  
Apparently Rev. Falwell didn't appreciate some of my &quot;fat jokes&quot;-so as punishment he made Twitter eat my avatar pic so I'm stuck with his 
Apparently te only time I like to eat is midnight or later. Sadly half the food I eat is microwaveable and I can't cook it right now 
Apparently the cloud will help facilitate rich conversations 
apparently the cue isn't working on our board 
Apparently the Georgia Theater downtown Athens is in flames.  So sad. I'm glad it's not my dad's shoe shop though... How scary.
Apparently the iPod Touch 2nd Gen has bluetooth!!! And this is unlocked with the 3.0 update?!?!?! I hate having a 1st gen iTouch 
Apparently the last bits of code for Occurro! will be written while I have the flu.  I'm pretty sure a truck must have run me over today. 
Apparently there are three hours and fifty one minutes until my DVD is burned. I'm unhappy. 
Apparently there was a major #Aion EU Closed Beta key giveaway. The problem was that it took place in the middle of the night of Europe. 
Apparently this is cheating   http://is.gd/13Kph
Apparently this night is never ending. I fought with 3 a-holes already and 2 1/2hrs to go. Yay for me 
apparently tongue rings and salt water taffy do not mix 
apparently tweets from my cell phone don't work no more  i finally got permission to go to Santiago!! yay!!
Apparently UK, if guessitmation is right, should get iPhone 3.0 at roughly 2PM. Bugger 
apparently we have to wait till friday to unlock the new Iphone OS3.0 
Apparently went it comes to &quot;signs,&quot; I'm pretty much absent/ignorant/indifferent  #fail
Apparently with rap music, &quot;remix&quot; doesn't mean they've put a donk on it, rather they've just shoved some more rap on top. 
Apparently you can twitter and FB from work!! No gmail or gtalk.  Reminds me of the Bill Murray movie &quot;What About Bob? &quot; ... &quot;baby steps&quot;
apparently you cant see my purple hair on pictures 
Apparently, @CharterCom not offering the @StarzTV Free Preview this weekend.  Bummer!  Looks like @directv offering it on 520  @FrancoRose
apparently, FLLW's Ennis House is for sale because it needed more maintenance than its nonprofit could provide. sigh.http://bit.ly/fllweh 
Apparently, I can't sleep past 8:30am, no matter how late I go to sleep. This totally sucks, because I'm still tired. 
Apparently, I'm not getting PB pancakes this morning! 
Apparently, I'm not in anybody circle of trust. I always end up being the last one to know... 
Apparently, iMovie 09 doesn't deinterlace 1080i interlaced video, whereas iMovie 08 did. http://bit.ly/kWUMY. My workflow increases... 
Apparently, scraping the avocado off my sandwich was not enough to save me. Nnnnggh 
Apparently, The Da Vinci Code sucks.
Appears that Win7 required DVD Drivers for my laptop and none of the ones I can find seem to work 
apperently Elmo hasn't got his period yet!!! 
Apple are annoyingly slow at dispatching stuff. Got an order in which has been &quot;Prepared for shipping&quot; went to &quot;Shipped&quot; and now back 
Apple asks UPS to delay delivery of iPhone. Earlier, the tracker inidcated that it would arrive on Thursday: http://tr.im/oKUw 
Apple Cinnamon Cheerios at 12:00AM = A bad idea. My tummy hurts 
Apple didn't received my fax 
Apple diet day one is a bust- starbucks icecream, double cheeseburger, and a few cokes 
apple had me waiting for like 4 hours 
Apple is laughing at all of us waiting for OS 3 all night long! FFFFUUUUU 
Apple juice drink is not the same as apple juice 
Apple News 6/16: Apple adds G5's to obsolete list. 
Apple Now Charging to Re-Download Apps on the iPhone? http://bit.ly/rwa5x (via @iphonefanatics) this makes a sence to me anyway!! 
Apple rejects Commodore 64 emulator from App Store  http://bit.ly/127gYp
Apple rejects Commodore 64 emulator from App Store  http://bit.ly/127gYp (via @chrisgarrett) -Me: Man, that really sucks 
Apple says iPhone 3.0 doesn't come out until 8 AM  going to bed. NIGHT
Apple slowed down the shipment. No early delivery 
apple store - student discount - buy mac and get ipod touch free ! Corp discount no good compared to that  need to join some courses....
Apple store n Coconut Point was w/out AC all day &amp; all employees had 12 hr shifts 4 iphone release  hsb @SteveShematz is feelin it 
Apple Store today..  Another replacement, let's go.
Apple will replace my phone, but without my computer I'll lose everything! So now I have to wait until monday to replace  at least it' ...
APPLE!! Stop sending me e-mails about things i can't have 
Apple, you're great but sometimes you drive me insane. 
Apple’s Snow Leopard is prowling just around the corner ... http://bit.ly/ywlLV (via @oneofus) still waiting!! 
Applebees does not carry cheese cake 
AppleCare thingy certificate found! Looking for the iMac recipient now.. damn Apple addiction, I have so many receipts to sort through 
Apples keep Doc's Away! So If your girlfriend / boyfriend is a doctor, stop eating apples. Else you'll lose your love 
Apples new iPhone 3G[S] will arrive the 19th of June to people who pre-ordered  the receiver aka AT&amp;T is making UPS hold it till then. 
Apple's safety town graduation cancelled due to rain 
Applied for a job this morning, they phoned me already for an interview but the salary wasn't enough 
Applied for two jobs today.I wish there are more legit openings out there based on my qualifications and no more openings that are scams. 
Applying for jobs..... 
applying lotion on my face coz to sunburn 
Applying to #IATAN certification for #Letmego -&gt; Is hard to  believe that it cannot be completed online 
applying to jobs IS  full time job 
Appreciating why event organisers/wedding planners charge so much  #ilt2009 prep on track but hard to stop it taking over all work 
Appreciation lunch at work. Good food! But sucks being here on my day off lol 
Apprentice 2009 is over 
apprentice final oooh. debra should'a won though 
Apprentice final tonight. All the tv series are coming to an end now 
Apprentice is AWESOME tomorrow! An unmissable final - Sunday 9pm, BBC One! @Wossy was a brilliant! Includes a very sad announcement too 
Apprentice now, Hope Yasmina FTW, but can see Kate the bore winning personally 
Apprentice time. Settling down with some mozzarella bites. Just burnt my fingers with boiling tea. Ouch 
Apprentice?????? How Sir Alan, just how??????? 
Approaching 4,000 Updates... Unfortunatly I'll be at work tomorrow and won't know which on is the 4,000th 
Approaching Plano.    #Bonnaroo a whole year away now, but it's well worth the wait. Bonnarooooo!! http://twitpic.com/7i8em
Approx. 2 hours lost so far at Donington, we'll be here till 9 at this rate 
Approximately 2 fist-sized servings of fruits a day do not keep the flu away  been having it since the crowded bus incident.
appt with eye doc. Im scared 
appulous down 
Aprendendo a mexer no twitter. 
april foollsss!! hehe...  its not aprill follyyy timee
April is OVER! Why is it still raining every day?  
April showers bring may flowers  won't stop raining in Sammamish
apt-get remove money 
APUSH final on a perfect movie day  
APWR is almost over  But it was an awesome 3 hours!
AR on the brain, not been a good day  
arabic tutar is here g2g study arabic 
Arby's is no longer on the &quot;places to eat&quot; list. 
Arcade Fire: Ocean of Noise: very sad and intense http://bit.ly/2MJMjr this will make even Twitter  - &quot;Ocean of Noise/Twitter&quot;, get it?
Arctic Monkeys ~ I bet you look good on the dancefloor 
Ardan stole half of my couch so my back hurts now 
are both working today 
are going to eat breakfast soon.. Charles: But i'm still playing dota  Will: But i'm hungry let's go eat already. Charles: Noooooo
are jb at wembly today? i wanna see demi lovato  haha idc about jb.
are people so easily replaced? How sad 
are shiraz universities in danger? my fiance is in the dorm, he will not leave  #iran #tehran #iranelection
are spammers starting to spam tweet in addition to just following ppl?  that surely spells the end of twitter, know?  
Are stitching 34 hand held images for a creative panorama. Shot with a Sony DSC-V1.... can only capture jpg in 8bit 
ARE SUNDAY'S THE MOST BORING DAY OF THE WEEK ? 
Are the comments not workin on YouTube? My friend is trying 2 add 1 but it wont work  http://bit.ly/PyZ5W
Are the Jonas Brothers for real? I don't like their new album cover. It doesn't seem like something they would do. Then again, Idk them. 
Are there classes tom. na ? 
Are there general issues with Twitter Favorites? Tweetdeck giving &quot;service not found&quot; when marking a favorite, Android not marking favs 
Are there seriously no new tweets? 
are these bangs crooked or is it my face? 
are they really my friends?not sure anymore... 
Are they still selling yearbooks? I forgot to preorder one.. 
are we all grumpy? not one person said good morning back to me 
Are we allowed to consider Rossi a traitor? He added another to make it 3-1 Italy right at the end. 
Are we ever gonna see the sun again??? 
Are we getting a storm or something? I am getting no cell service at all right now. 
Are we sure this is the summer?! My back garden is starting to flood 
Are you afraid of losing the last person that text messaged you?  yes, lets hope that doesnt happen. probs will she'll run off on me, haha
Are you all in bed now or what? 
Are you avoiding me or something? 
Are you guys coming tomorrow? 
are you hatin on me @The IrishGuy ?!?!? : O .... 
are you kidding me , i could have gotten drunk and played poker last night , but mum hid the car keys from me 
ARE YOU KIDDING ME ?!? @siskybusiness was at Woodfield when I was ! 
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! UGH!!! 
Are you kidding me?!? USA beat SPAIN?!?!? Something's wrong when a team that calls the sport &quot;soccer&quot; beat one of the world's best... 
Are you mocking me?! 
Are you okay? 
Are you serious 
ARE YOU SERIOUS baseball is on instead of basketball agghhh!!!!! 
Are you tellin me I cant have you forever 
Are you the one to tell me things will be alright ? 
Are you there tequilla? Meh please don't be.. Don't wanna be sick 
are you vaccinated against chicken-pox?should I vaccinate my 3 yr old?I am SO confused about this damn thing 
Aren't friends supposed to be supportive?  Why does everyone always act like its all about them? 
Aren't going to Corpus Christi after all.  No one is willing to dogsit.    Can't spend Father's Day with my Grandpa and Uncle.  
ARent you supposed to get one bag free?   upset!
aren't you supposed to stop breaking out once you're finished w/ puberty??  
Arg ! ! !  Sittin in taco hell line at 330am and gots to work at 9 
arg Dad wants laptop which means i have to go 
Arg Exile still has that problem with Alt-Tabbing 
arg monday 
Arg sale starts tomorrow 
arg so bored mum's makeing me tidy my room  can't go in the hot tub till its done!!!!!!! 
ARG! Eirtaku got hit by stupid bots. So much porn on a kid friendly site. 
arg! how do you delete a contact from your mac Mail address book? ffs. am i thick or something? 
Arg! Stupid pepsi rush. 
Arg, I am completely soaked  dang you rain drops!
arg, i am looking for my SD card from over the weekend and Dan took it out of my laptop and can't remember where he put it! NO good! 
arg, my stomach hurst like a bitch and i can't workout so my life sucks right now, lol. JK! But i feel shitty. 
Arg. Pharmacy lost my prescription, have to wait while they quickly refill it 
Arg. Sunday. Don't wanna go to work. Wanna sleeeeeeep. 
Argentina! Argentina! We have to win South Africa 2010! ^^ [but with this fat ass of Maradona, I seriously doubt it  ]
argg my nose pissing me off 
Arggg noo ive woke up to early i dont normally wake up at 10:27  Lol  x
argggg, doing science homework.  does anybody know what boyles law is ....
argggg. lost aqjtdd vs ajt2 on j62dd turn k river 2 cant even count how many outs i had on the flop and turn all i know a lot! 
arggggghhh my hayfever is sooooo bad 
Argggghhh I found the Marc by Marc Jacobs  flats I want in *bleep* and it's already on SALE, BUT THEY DON'T HAVE MY SIZE X(((((
arggghh I miss Chelsea 
Arggghhh, I've had repeated difficulty in merging my old GAP account with my PSN account...my old email got an Uncharted 2 mp invite.  #e3
arggghhhh!!!! exams start on  tuesdayyyyy!!!!!   
arggh i have no more money left on my itunes card  boo!
arggh! my gum has swollen so much because of this wisdom tooth that i cant close my teeth! ouchhh 
ARGGHHH I MISS THEM 
Argghhh. I'm so tireddd  Wanted to come home early last night, god damn..
argghhhh why won't  my jquery appear in safari bad safari !!!
Argghhhhh!! Why it's sooooo BORING?  What could I do? Some ideas?
Argghhhhhh trying so hard to stay awake but my bed is calling me 
Argh - make sleep work plz 
argh  pas de chance, un spamer de virus ce follower.
argh - work on a saturday 
ARGH !  sys.stdout.encoding = &quot;cp037&quot; --&gt;&gt; TypeError: readonly attribute
argh !! school tommrow 
argh , gran's home :/ no more music 
argh , i wanna buy that clothes  ,
ARGH . TIRED 
Argh ... 20 yr club veteran and I wear a thick t-shirt out on a hot &amp; humid night. How brilliant 
Argh AC lost my bags !  #fb
Argh all my hairs gone! Hair lady said it was split dry etc  it's sooo short  http://twitpic.com/6rlmf
argh argh argh why does the production meeting note-taker guy always spell my name wrong 
ARGH at you PHP and MYSQL calendars! I just want to be able to modify msg_time 
argh bloody english essay!! booooooo  although it is gorgeous outside today in scotland! i was very surprised when i woke up and saw sun!
Argh crap just remembered we go visitors over tonight  wanted to veg out and play xbox.
ARGH forgot to save my work 
argh gotta go! stupid science excursion tomorrow!! gotta get up at 5:00am 
argh haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaangover i drank a whole guitar full of cocktail last night and it was awesome but regretting it now 
argh how do i take the photo off my twitpic?! 
Argh i cant choose between shoes its so hard,i might have to get them both but pay for one pair myself 
argh i cant upload a pic  dumb twitter.....le sigh
argh i cnt egt the taste of the medicine i just had out of my mouth. not even after 5 cups of water! 
Argh I didn't even wake up this morning until 10:30am! Mike never got me up 
ARGH I DON'T KNOW WHAT CLOTHES TO TAKE TO L.A!!! I'm scared everything I take will be really unfashionable over there 
argh i feel sick- again! For the second time this week! Go away flu! Get lost! Blah. 
argh i hate relatives adding me on Facebook, i don't like you two-faced sods, take a hint 
Argh I hate sad animals  http://www.picturetrail.com/sfx/album/slideshow/20868838
Argh I have a assignment due tomorrow! I'm making a website but all this paperwork has to be done aswell! I'm waiting for habbo to load 
argh I have that feeling that something is constantly in my eye but I can't find anything there and can't get it out 
argh i missed falling in love  #mcfly
ARgh I wish my hair was longish again I really look like i've a mullet 
Argh im in such a shitty mood!  meh x
argh im sick of having a poorly tummy. i finally get over the last one and now ive got another one 
argh im so sick of everything. i hate these stupid teenage hormones 
argh its starting to rain  what british summer is this ??!!
Argh lmcu ATM at grcc is out or order...       going up the hill to the phr by CHS.
ARGH MAN! Just come dwon for a quiet revision sesh by myself, and then guess who comes down, @moveeefan and turns on the telly, thanks! 
argh monday can't wait until its over 
Argh must stop looking at pictures of decadent desserts 
Argh my cable isnt working 
argh my dads making me go to the town  i cba 
ARGH my Teeth are so sore right now, Dod Damn Braces 
argh my voice is going and it hurts alot and it hurts when i swallow and when i eat food it tastes weird  oh well seeing my bestoo tmoz..
argh no time to twitter today   back later
Argh noo! Missed The Killers on Wossy!  That sucks! Missed out on Brandon. Total failure! Anyone know if it's repeated? Must investigate!
Argh now um twitpicLess 
argh only need another 110points on hmv to get that signed mcfly poster :| shouldve bought the demi lovato album 
ARGH School Tomorrow  Stiiiink    xo
argh so much stuff doesnt work in australia! 
argh stupid english assessment tomoro 
Argh the game sucked today 
Argh the scab on my ear is bleedin 
argh the wifi on my phone won't work anymore :@ and my cough is so bad tonight i can't sleep cause of it 
Argh theres no black ink in my printer 
argh they lost, and I had my tooth pulled today.  I wish it would stop bleeding I'm running out of gauze 
Argh tryna find a film to watch for Friday! 
Argh was hour late for work because the Mr accidently headbutted me in his sleep - got a lil bit of a black eye now  and a headache
argh why cant i see my picture 
Argh why does Megan have to be in Sydney... I have no one to hang with tonight 
ARGH! a bearing for $85!! Man... I am so poor! 
argh! am sian of doing work already!! something else to do pls pls pls... 
Argh! As a geek this makes me cry inside - My uncle runs Windows 98 and whenever his camera card is full he buys another. 
Argh! Dreading Weigh in tonight. Think I have put on 1.5lbs. 
ARGH! GEESE ATTACK!!! 
Argh! How 2 fly with a stupid headache.  so sad - http://tweet.sg
argh! i can't login to facebook! frustations! 
ARGH! I can't sleep. Belly feels like a giant weight pressing down on my everything. No position seems to bring relief. Running bath.  #fb
argh! I forgot what I was going to Youtube again...Dany, do you remember? 
Argh! I hate waking up with a headache 
Argh! I'm peeling  All that applying cream was for nothing.  The only plus is that it will reduce the horrible tans lines I got.
Argh! I've got all these ideas for making my house awesome...I just don't have the disposable income needed to do it  it's so frustrating!
ARGH! just hurt knee taking class.don't think serious but a bit swollen.icing and elevating.supposed to teach at 1:30, will prob call out 
Argh! Looks I like a need a replacemente Zune to USB cable... good luck finding one in Lima... 
Argh! Minutes harbour is gone!! Now no time to walk to town 
argh! My ass hurts! 
argh! my sister woke me up 
Argh! Puncture on my back wheel this morning made me come off my bike. Damn broken glass. I'm working from home today. 
ARGH! Server maintenance  so ends my life...
Argh! Sis got a new phone!  oh wells..
Argh! Someone has stolen my face 
Argh! The date for my first 10k race is drawing nearer and, oh my, I NEED TO TRAIN! MUST RUN TONIGHT! if not later I cmi! 
Argh! There's this Fly circling around my computer! And I don't want to slap it in case I scratch my monitor! Argh! 
Argh! Toothache 
argh! why can i never concentrate?!?! I hate essays 
Argh! Why don't superglue companies make more effort to make caps that can't get superglued shut?  (via @joeholdcroft)
argh! why is it so windy?? really frustrated right now.  my hairrr 
Argh! Wimbledon PDF draw list doesn't wanna' open up for me &amp; I wanted to see if there's any news on Rainer competing yet! :O 
Argh!! ...no more drinking the night b4 the gym! No energy 
argh!! i just got my packed from h&amp;m, got a black cardigan, they send me the wrong one &amp; and the sleeves were sewn on wrong! 
Argh!! I tired what looked like the most-lite torpedo at Quiznos and after looking up nutrition info it was still 14 points 
argh!!! it is too late to vote!!!! 
Argh!!! Swollen glands.. Now I can't talk and feels like I'm swallowing marbles.. 
ARGH!!!!! what the hell is going on with the driver!!!! x( I need something relaxing.. 
ARGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And, something is broken. BOOOO! 
Argh, did not make it to the PO today... Stupid rambling teacher overrunning class time. Sorry wuzz and rina! 
argh, dropped my iphone and now the home button is acting weird 
Argh, FX UK have dropped the Colbert Report  Hmm, that's about the only thing I watch on a pay channel so I could cancel Sky in protest ;)
Argh, had to bus it in and now have to wait 40 minutes for doors to open. Need to find cover, it's raining 
argh, have a cold 
Argh, i can't sleep 
argh, i don't feel too good 
Argh, I hate mole calculations. Anybody wanna help? Wish I could go into school today  stupid inservice days.
argh, I hate taylor swift 
ARGH, I have GOT to STOP reading the BBC RSS feed before I watch the F1 race   OMGWTFSPOILERS #f1 #bbc #brawngp
argh, i missed paris hilton's new bff 
Argh, I want it to be Friday so I can have The Sims 3 as well. 
argh, my fone doesnt have internet !  
Argh, my iphone wont connect to the web!! On the phone in a bloody queue, not a happy bunny. 
argh, nan's home :/ no more music 
argh, only managae to read one story. So now I have 7 stories to read while at the beachparty. Wuhuu 
Argh, screw you Henderson.  My essay isn't enough about Aboriginal languages, so much as bilingual education ;_;
argh, slow internet problems. 
argh, that wasn't at all relaxing! so intense and upsetting!  plant trees!
argh, today has simulated 
Argh, trying to sort out dance stuffff. Its making my head hurt 
Argh, what I can I do what can I do? Bored as hell 
Argh, when did the forecast do a 180 for this weekend? We are supposed to go camping! 
Argh, why do I feel ill all the time? 
argh, why does everything have to be so awful? 
Argh.  School library has improperly configured their proxy so I cannot download an article I need. Only access I have to ACM, too 
Argh.  Twitter won't load.  I can't read tweets past 4 hours ago.  
argh. 50 shorter than ever. need new glasses by now. 
Argh. Bubbletea wait = forever today 
Argh. Can't turn right. Just like Zoolander 
ARGH. Fell asleep early last night: missed Friday Spam posting and FtF rewatch. *headdesk* 
Argh. having problems embedding twitter into blog. 
argh. i forgot it was #threadless thursday! i was gonna wear my tree shirt! http://www.threadless.com/product/1037/Tree 
Argh. Just thought @stephenfry had commented my video for a moment, turns out it was a dedication channel - what a let down 
Argh. Maui Jim's fell to ground as I was getting out of the cab. One lens smashed 
argh. my dad broke my macbook's LCD. theres a big black spot ont the top of the screen  twas an accident. he was putting a protector.
argh. my head and my throat hurt so bad. i'm going to bed. 
Argh. Need a shower, but woke up too late.  boooo
argh. passport issues. leaving in less than a week. all i needed was a renewal! :S oh, and STUPID download limit used up for the month 
argh. stupid question again. should i still go to bangkok?  they say the H1N1 is really bad there. 
Argh. The time has come. Haircut  - http://tweet.sg
argh..  feel so unwell..like there's knots in my tummy.. 
ARGH.. I'm trying to write but I'm just not in the mood..it normally just writes it's self but argh..idk 
Argh.. Omniture Discover 2 is annoying me... 
argh..! i've been sleepy all day. i just wanna cozy up and snuzzle with my hanni   hmf
Argh... 40 min until my video gets converted on Vimeo 
argh... it's raining...!!! hate it ... 
Argh... My tooth is so painful 
argh... the rain stuffs my inter net 
argh..... ubuntu 9.04 is taking painfully long to download 
arghargharghargh fruggin' pinstripe pants. Now I'm never gonna get all my planning done   but :-D anyways :-D :-D
arghh headache 
arghh i really don't feel like working. 
Arghh I think I have a cold 
Arghh I'll need to wear a jacket going to work today so that I get on the bus for a half  got my uniform on under it. I'll be roasting! 
Arghh iTunes ripped me off :/ I had £12.32 and I bought the new software 3.0 and now I have 32p  and the software didn't go on ;( fml
arghh nooooo!  my computers about to go dead 
Arghh so my little-big brother @iamfamz is saying I got cocky...he is right. God job to Orlando. I guess no more puppet commercials. 
Arghh someone please explain parallel and perpendicular lines to me 
Arghh stranded!! Somebody with a car come and rescue me 
Arghh sumone shoot me, all i wanna do is sleep 1hour and i hav a 4year old SNITCH annoying me... 
Arghh the dreaded lurgy..Not good when im TTC! 
arghh twitter goes offline in 14 mins 
arghh whole night of art and not even done  stressful times!  gona check ffe then bed!
arghh why the hell cant i login in SL 
Arghh! Forget a nice weekend - My pets are going to drive me up the wall! I need a pillow and earplugs! 
Arghh! I don't know if I can use the vocals that @Cianmm did for me, they're better than mine and are making me sound rubbish!  :p
arghh! I'm so freezin cold today  x
arghh! sore throat 
Arghh! Writer's block!  Drafting up some cover letters for some applications...
Arghh!!! A person in my forensic science group used my moleskine that @andreatunes sent me, and he never gave it back! He said he would! 
Arghh!!! Time to get my day started. First things first laundry 
Arghh, 2 of my best sites r dwn.  this one and a Smart car site  iPhone 3.0 in 1 hour!  if you own one you'll know the minor excitement.
Arghh, have to go to the uni so no HPBtour truck for me 
arghh, i felt like being creative and i can't find my sketch book. laaame... i tried writing a story and couldn't get past the first line 
Arghh, I think it's unhealthy to play on the Wii for more than 3 hours. Anyone else agree? Revision now. Coffee isn't an option 
Arghh, was gonna go shoot hoops... yes.. at this time... but it's raining now!! 
arghh...a friend's wedding party this evening. lucky, a venue isn't too far from my place. but thing is that i hate dressing up 
arghh...want to go see @thenewcities @wearestereos &amp; @katyperry but im on vacation 
Arghh...writer's block while drafting a cover letter! 
ARGHHH . Regretful Flash back . GOT WITH &quot;SOMEBODY&quot; (meaning kissing). No! no! HELL NOOOOOO ! Please there be no photo's 
Arghhh back @ work  hoping for a quick night... Got My New Slingbox 2 Play with. Thx Bro for the early Bday Gift! http://myloc.me/2RhS
Arghhh google chrome crashed  damn you matt dallas
Arghhh history  PANIC !!
arghhh im shaking so bad, just killed a spider i think.. i dunno where it's went 
arghhh our lovely dhira is not our leader anymore  padahal 1 minggu lagi brasiliansnya dateng :'(
arghhh the forum is down 
Arghhh txt me god dammit 
Arghhh we still haven't left the house yet!!! Soooo hungery 
arghhh whats with the rain  I Was supposed to go to the beach! Guess thats not happening now :/
ARGHHH why do i live in such a hole? everyone is getting LVATT cept me 
arghhh! 
arghhh!!!! ive left the tracklisting to last nights show at home  bugger... archive will be up 2morrow now then
Arghhhh still at work. I want to go home 
arghhhh! lost my phone for a day!  but I found it now bahaahh!
Arghhhh! MySQL!! After a year of PHP I still can't do the basics 
Arghhhh! So bloody busy. Can't get my #FF's out! So sorry. Will get them out periodically!! I hate me!!!! 
arghhhh, my keyboard is baddd 
Arghhhh. Never, ever do coursework a few days before you go back to school. I have about 5 pieces to do and I've lost my memory stick 
arghhhhhh  
Arghhhhhh...I overslept today.  http://tinyurl.com/qfozve
Arghhhhhhhh hate feeling like crap. So not good 
arghhhhhhhhhh so sorry to everyone that i havent posted a new video yet! i have like 5 assessments due this week and i havnt started any! 
Arghhhhhhhhhhhhh! Fuck the storm! Can't go out with the boys! 
arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh accents get me everytime. im going crazy  check me in soon
Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh X( . I've missed the MTV MOVie Awards  ( . too bad mah Slumdog didn't win  !
arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  &lt;/3
arghrghrghh. iphone crashed and went into recovery mode. restore time 
argue with my mother!! 
Arguing with my Husband, he don't want to buy me some Make-Up goodies    !!!!
ARH! How do you rotate a table in Word 2007? I firmly believe it can't be done 
Arh! I've got glasses now  lol Only for seeing distance though... So thats okay I suppose.
arhhh need to do some english  Why didn't I do any yesterday again?
arianne has my mobile and camera. i really need them 
Ariel, please. Don't have swine flu!! 
Aright Twitter Fam... guess ima be outties.. gonna try n sleep off some of this horrible pain 
Ariiight studios tonight cus I cannot afford glasgow  how gutting. But it is the longest time I have not been to studios... 3 WEEKS!!!
arizona .... COME ON  now ... UGH 
Arm hurts from pitching 
Arm hurts really badly 
Arm still hurts.  
Armagh very poor at the moment 
Arms n legs hurt 
Army absolutely trouncing the navy for a change  43 - 0
A-Rod benched two days w/exhaustion, cause sitting for half of the 2-3 hours he works a day is just plain hard.  He only makes 25mil 
aronski :  - Michael McKean - FriendFeed (from aronski) : It's gone all Scottish; tartan fail. re: http://tinyurl.com/knf8bf
around 2,000 people has swine flu in aust.  boo hoo
Around the house! Still Sick 
Around The House... Waiting For Matty To Get Home, I Miss Her Already! 
around, cleaning the house  ttc.
around, getting ready, S'ville. Ultrasound soon. Dying to pee 
arrested by swimming too far out in sea. they sent some damn zai parachute team to hit us semi unconscious. &amp; i will be fined 8 to 10 K 
Arrested Development is still one of the funniest shows... What's the deal with the movie? 
Arrgg! I hate teenage boys! They're tards.. There are like 5 or 6 guys cheering eachother on to puke on every lawn in my neighborhood 
arrgggg im ill -.- i couldnt go to the party yesterday im sorry 
arrgggghhh! can't play because of maintenance  hehehe
arrggghhhh i cant do this maths work - wayyy to hard 
ARRGGGHHHH I have loaddss of birthday money but I have no idea what to spend it on 
arrggghhhh....they drive me crazy crazy taxi! 
arrgghh.. darn... i cant concentrate. i really wish to go back hometown to look for my William, my old time jogging partner 
ARRGH I HATE THIS SONGGG 
Arrgh i intensely dislike coming home to no food 
ARRGH WHATS WRONG WITH MY CAM  http://tinyurl.com/n2dl4b
Arrgh!  More &amp; more people are starting to call me Anorexic everyday.. Why? Just because I eat healthy and AM skinny? Fuck off fat asses!!
arrgh! Spent hour and half trying to fix Xbox Live when its down for maintenance. No wonder it doesn't work 
arrgh, spirit of EZ, where are you now?? I follow your dictum to be a fearless knitter, and I'm left with a tangle of wool in my lap 
arrghh stupid eczema      i have to go soon. sort it OUT! :/
arrghh! can't sleep, Bob's snoring like a lawn mower 
Arrghh......just saw my prized tomato plants disappearing underground. Damned moles! Looking up &quot;mole scarers&quot; now 
ARRGHHH, still itching   I'm on the border of going mad
ARRGHHHHH! wanna go out  bored, cant sleep, just erghhh haha
ARRIANA KILLED THE BLACK WIDOW!!!! 
Arrived at the Montesquieu bulding of the Tilburg University.. Can't start the week with coffee: the coffeemachine broke down.. 
Arrived at the workshop I'm hosting 30 minutes early to find they've scheduled me later than confirmed... 3.5 hours to wait now... 
Arrived at work on time but the one piece of machinery I need to do my work is out of service 
Arrived bck frm vacation in Barbados - 14 nites-wot a bliss! Thought I'll check my work emails - the VPN don't work  Fun already started
Arrived home from work at 11:15pm, only to wake up again at 6:15am to head straight back in to work. 
arrived home safely. hi @hansheiner ... no news from @Pogue about his book  still afraid he might have lost my tweet (pls dear god beware)
Arrived in Glasgow, too bad I'll only see the hotel and the airport 
Arrived in Penang safe and sound! Thx to Melbourne, Oz has become a Swine Flu high risk country. We had go for health check upon arrival 
Arrived safely in San Fran. Disgraced to report that I tossed my cookies. Seems I no longer have the constitution for flying. 
arrived to shibuyaaaa&lt;3 but its heavy rainy here   wat can i do???damn it!
Arrived, now in the queue of the camping reception  http://yfrog.com/0yxbyj
arrives in mfk... With these potholes.. I foresee a wheel changing session. Hai no man 
Arriving at the end of the world (St Andrews) to give seminar. Cloudy and cool 
Arron went home sick now i have no one to throw paper plans at 
Arrr School 2morow  ,, Up At 6 In The Morning Again :@... Buy An iREP LDN Tshirt @ www.uniquegeeks.bigcartel.com
ARRRG revision is taking up all my time!!!! i want to do something fun 
arrrg. tiff had a super bad night. we're at the ER getting her checked on. 
arrrgggh i hate mondayssssss  work work work.......................
Arrrggghhh - so disappointing, obv I blame the ref, plus the fact we only really started playing after 50 minutes, so many missed tries 
arrrgh bored and alone in homeee 
Arrrgh wtf, big noisey lorry on the other side of the road! 
Arrrgh. Just can't win @EventBox doesn't have a conversations in HUD, @Tweetie doesn't have remote delete. 
arrrgha  i wish i had a blackberry 
arrrh - sitting at school trying to finish my ICT coursework    �� &lt;3
arrrhh.. duno can claim my MEDICAL FEE from company o not....   So worry ar.. if reli cant claim i sure ....------
arrrr ugr, stupid fingers strike again  The X button on my music player is not Play! Why are my paws failing so spectacularly??
arrrrg, up at 3:30 in the morning 
ARRRRGGGHHHHH!!!!!! Just found a spider in my bed! I'm gonna have nightmares for days 
Arrrrgh! Wind blew painting onto laptop. Now my damn B's &amp; V's &amp; C's barely work. Whole tops of keys are just laying there unconnected. 
ARRRRGH.Our maid doesn't wanna put our guard dog away from the rain ( SHE's wet 
Arrrrr I need bux. The sbux down the road is closing in 12 days! 
arrrrrr fuck so many things r pissing me off today 
arrrrrr i just bit right through my tongue!!!!!    
Arrrrrrrgggggggghhhhhhhhh! Am switching off radio now. Am feeling very very depressed! Horrid week! 
Arrrrrrrgh! Can't log into time card system.  this sucks.
Arrrrrrrrrrgh !! why doesnt chrome pick up xml and rss feeds by default ?  The google toolbar in IE and FF does that.
arrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggh im annoyed 
arrumar o quarto, shit 
arrww tomorrow schools starts again...goodbye holiday 
arsewhole.  re: http://ff.im/3pFGP
Art and design Fundamental 1st week exercise due next week which is on the 29th of April  so lazy ;(
Art assignment 
art coursework  .. again
Art History Quiz...  I didn't study 
Art History test at 1:00 
Art work is killing me - The pretty.odd. album cover is harder than i thought it wud be... 
artbizness@IAmKat  Now I want some 'Squeeky Cheese' for my breakfast but I got none   Morning anyhow.
artsposure in Raleigh NC- today is rainy and very much many stands are already closed... 
Arturo's tweets are starting to confuse/scare me 
Aryayush and Preshit, Twitter doesn't seem to be the place where anyone is interested in your queries, I've learnt it the hardway 
As a child of deaf parents, I know about this too well  --&gt;Wells Fargo Keeps Hanging Up On Your Deaf Grandmother http://bit.ly/6huaQ
As a dad i am trying to enjoy today but i doubt i will 
As a mag junkie this would be my Mecca http://www.magnation.com/ @mag_nation - if only I lived in Aus/NZ 
As a single mom, I am not grateful, but rather offended when a guy says, &quot;I don't mind that you have a kid.&quot;  That's not making me date u 
As always... it's 4 am and I'm not even tired! 
as bad a night as they come 
A's beat the best team in baseball! In other news the Giants ace loses 
As ben said, I need to get the fuck outta here. 
As expected, Ayatollah spills venom against change. I was having day dream  #helpiranelection #iranciris #iran http://tinyurl.com/lo2k9u
as finished with exercise ball. going to parcel up some ebay items. i hurt 
As for RIGHT NOW, my mind is on Disturbia! 
as fun as it seemed at first to have the room to myself all weekend, I am in need of a hug already  awoooo.
as german computer scientist living in china it's strange to see germany installing censorship http://ow.ly/et45 in the internet 
As good realtors should we invest in our clients making them a smart consumer.   It's sad when other agents don't or know how to? 
As I left the office for lunch three of the Red Arrows flew overhead in formation. Matt and Tony couldn't even be bothered to look up 
as i left work today i was thinking &quot;I am done, take me home. She gave up a long time ago &quot; 
As I quickly look at my lovely new wallpaper...I realize poor Tom is not shown.  How sad.
as I said... no weekend for me    Im working...
As I sit in traffic I ponder: This is the longest I've had my nose ring out since I've gotten it. 2 days.  I miss it.
As I was getting ready to update my phone, I ran into two problems - Win7 not supported for PC, and the XP machine...  toast   VM time!
As if diversity won!!! I was rooting for susan boyle...love her!!! 
As if I didnt hate flying before, this whole air france thing has me seriously reconsidering my trip to Jordan w @aurosan 2 see my dad 
as if i finsh work at eleven.. IS THAT EVEN ALLOWD?  cauz i really dont want to.. lol
as if i need any more shit in my life... 
as if it did  and as if he's not! pffffffffff
as if its thundering and raining so hard 
as if she left with out saying goodbye..i miss her already 
As if the night couldn't get worse-im having a Dolly animal emergency. Possible trip to vet hospital tonite.  please make it stop!
As I'll forget later...Good luck to Jensen Button and Lewis Hamilton this weekend! The last F1 race to be held at Silverstone 
As I'm signing yearbooks, I impart something about them that I like and say that I want to stay in touch...probably won't happen for most 
As in LOADS AND LOADS 
as in, was awakened before noon by @amehranf 
As is often the way with these things, my subway wasn't nearly as good as I'd fantasised 
As is the way, I was just extolling the virtues of ease which accompany a new Stanley blade, then cut me finger 
as just woke up off to the library now for me!! HATE revision!! 
as much as I enjoy sleeping for three hours and waking up feeling like crap, I really want to go back to sleep goddamnit 
as much as I hate Gatlinburg &amp; find it to be a redneck haven, I'm going there in 2 weeks..... too bad we can't go back to Atlantic City 
as much as i like Booth/Brennan on bones, it makes me a sad panda that they're beating Chuck/Sarah on the E! poll. 
As much as I love Donnie, pls don't retweet anything w me saying his crotch grabber is a whore. I never said that shit! 
As much as I love my E71, why aren't there any pretty themes like those in nancydrewthemes.com? 
As much as I love this warm weather I hate the horrible insects that come with it. I have a terrible spider phobia 
As much as I love tweetdecks interface I dislike reading tweets from present to past, twitterific remembers where you last read 
as much as i wanna eat this ham sandwhich, i cant because i think its bad 
As much as I wanna have faith n believe we can do it, sooner or later u have to face reality...smh it's over for the @Cavs 
As much as I would like to stay and play on twitter, I still have work to do  Be back in a bit!
As much as I'm liking my work and Bombay I miss constant access to interwebs and Twitter 
as much as it pains me to write it chelsea have really showed their class today in the #FAcup. poor everton, timmy and moyes 
As much as she's been annoying me lately I miss her. 
As much fun as Peaches is...I wish my holly was here with me instead of at home sick.  
as my hands and he ran away  sadfaceee
as of now great grandma has been gone for two years, 12 hours and 25 minutes. 
As of tomorrow, both roomies will be gone 
as one door closes, another one opens. Almost time to move on 
as pathetic as it sounds,ive never taken the trash out before. how the fuck do garbage men do this shit?! My maid isnt home damnitt 
As predicted I am now starting to crash and could quite easily curl up &amp; fall asleep! Have to drag my ass off sofa and get ready for work 
As predicted, abandoned at Donington, too much water running into the dip at the tunnel 
As promised hours ago, here's the backstory (timeline) and full story on what happened today. http://www.truerwords.net/6306 I'm so sad. 
As quickly as the money came.. 
as soon as i had learned about the follow friday thingy, i could no more find it in that right side part   so now what do i do?
As soon as I said it was a good day, it gets cloudy and starts to sprinkle... 
As soon as we stepped into the square, it rained. Not happy 
as the day goes on i start to feel worse 
as today off and is home alone  coz gary is a gay boi and didnt wanna come to colchester!
as u can tell from my tweets i miss someone VERY VERY much. 
As usual with carriers you never exactly know what will be your bill. I'm kinda pissed off with that 
As usual, crowds at SCC.  But coffee's too good to resist the temptation. :p
As usual, procrastinating this damn paper for Machado. Trying to see my poo. But he won't answer his phone  shit.
As we go on, we remember, all the times we, had together 
As well as loads of washin, daughter has brought home: sore throat, crusted nose, lips so sore they've bled &amp; v v ruddy cheeks  germfest!
as work all day today. 
as you may be able to tell, im bored 
Ascot tomorrow for Ladies Day. Trying to decide between 2 outfits..... Weather report not as good as forecast earlier this week  boo!
Ascot tomorrow. Chavs in pink limos fighting doing coke and drinking cheap champaign... Can't wait 
asda ready meal - i don't think i'll ever be the same again 
asdfjkl; i need to do good on my math final and pe final on tomorrow! 
asdfkakhdka.  why doesn't he believe me? I'm too stressed out.
asdlfkjasljkfalsfj FINALS  please pray for me! 
asem bangun tidur kirain MBP udah disamping.. 
asfuwegharegu hangovers = 
Úgy esik az eső, ahogy még soha. Ma edzés. Kiszúrták a bringám kerekeit. When you love someone but it goes to waste. Coud it be worse...? 
Ash dnt cry 
ash... hate spam... 
Ashamed of my home region and my adopted region (and all the others). A sad day to be British. 
ashamed to say that im going to bed before 10pm on a saturday night. naw 
ashamed. 
asher roth has a good voice. and i just sneezed hella hard. 
Asher Roth, is sick and couldent make it on Alexa Chung, feel better @asherroth i really wanted to see your performance 
Ashes is giving me a sad  #ashestoashes
Ashes to ashes has left me emotionally drained. 
Ashes to Ashes makes me cry 
Ashes to ashes was amazing! So sad though 
ashh ii cant sleep 
Ashlee put Easy Cheese in my coffee D: now i have to make more 
Ashleigh is eathng the yummiest looking apple pastry thingy. i have sandwiches 
Ashley doesn't want me with her at Disneyland. 
Ashley got promoted. I'm really sad.  She's gonna be area of delta.
Ashley has 104 fever. Waiting for tylenol to kick in. Really dont wanna be the 1st oklahoma confirmed case 
ashley is going to hell for hating buffy 
Ashley just told me &quot;Sometimes you are SO LAME!&quot;  fail!
ashley tisdale-How do you love someone? this song is what im going through 
Ashley= getting sick... Ugh I'm losing my voice! Nooo 
Ashli was eliminated Thursday night and boy ......Michelle Williams didn't cut her any slack!!!! 
Ashlis watchin my favorite movie 
Ashreen Ghazali: ikr i bet the wife is some groupie shahreil81: sorry tat you're disappointed though..  he soo know me
Asia Indies panel so far. More like explaining each panelist'a activity  Where's Tim Clark?
asian girls. And SMF 
Asif The Big Bang Theory ended like that 
asiff its the end of ga proper gutted 
asiid rehearsal!! ahhhh exhausted... im going to sleep at 4 and i have to wake up at 9am.  boooooooo!
asked for a junior ONLY but why to me ?? 
asking someone to my semi.... totally nervous and feel like i am going to throw up 
asks Am I worth it? I don't think so.  http://plurk.com/p/p5yzk
asks any responses?  http://plurk.com/p/yk07f
asks bakit mahilig kumain ng load ang Globe?  http://plurk.com/p/xreqh
asks Bat wala nang nag Puplurk.  http://plurk.com/p/125p3p
asks Do you still love me?  http://plurk.com/p/1120pw
asks everybody to help me regain my lost karma  http://plurk.com/p/xier8
asks for elp.. don8 naman kayo ng blood.. any blood typ..  http://plurk.com/p/12grh7
asks is it true namay positive case ng ah1n1 sa lasalle UMC  http://plurk.com/p/1171qc
asks nasan si @smurf17, @mr_independent, at @daddycorn_ed?  http://plurk.com/p/xn5q5
asks Saan may HP Service Center?  http://plurk.com/p/yzj7m
asks UP people if ako lang may orientation on Monday?  Haha! It seems na ganun kasii. I'm loost. (LOL) http://plurk.com/p/xkdfl
asks what can u say on my profile pic?  http://plurk.com/p/x54uk
asks where is my new emotions karma up 50+.  http://plurk.com/p/z40ew
asks why do Mondays have to be always soO blah!!!   http://plurk.com/p/111yce
asks you guys to say a lil prayer for me... not feeling well na.. hmmm.. it's because i got soaked in the rain yesterday... 
ASLAN filme tablighatie mir hosein khoob nabod  ASLAN ! :-&lt;
asleep whilst awake, i don't know quite what is happening but people are asking me to do things and i can't quite focus on them 
Śo Ńot ín thę mööd fôr wørk tômõrròw!!!! 
asot400 is down in the trending topics. too bad.  #asot400
ASP.NET MVC Routes will be the end of me - I can never get em right  Bring on strongly typed ones Out Of the Box 4 MVC v2.0 ;) #aspnetmvc
Ass hurts from the bull     that sounds bad
Assassins creed book no longer to be  published 
Assembly Language homework  , then Applied Synth homework 
Asses kicked by sacred heart, AGAIN. What a way to end a season 
Assessing the damage done after walking three hours (THREE HOURS) yesterday. 
Assfuck, &quot;I'm sorry&quot; roll. Okay I gave in.  I'm such a sucker.  http://twitpic.com/677xt
assignment on the first day of school! you have got to be kidding! 
Assignment time!! 
assignment week 
ASS-IGNMENT! 
assignment. 
Assignments or bbq and drinks? Dilema! 
assignments! when is it ever going to end ?! 
Assignmentss.   
Assorting all the RSS feeds in my Google Reader. Most of them are in Chinese, 'cause too much English will make me crazy. I'm sorry 
Asta is since wednesday so peculiar. Looks like she's lovesick for the neighboursdog. 
Asthma Attack Lvl 2: Cough more frequent and its harder to breathe 
Asthma fucking BLOWS  Can't wait till I finish up Asmanex treatments. Follow up (and hopefully final) apt w/ pulmonologist is this week.
Asthma meds make my throat hurt  still freaked out by the dream that combined all my fears into one.... *shudder*
astronomy isn't making me smile 
ASU Lost  dude that sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Asylum 4 is sold out. FUCK!  I badly wanted to go like you wouldn't believe.  Wish they'd had a countdown so I knew it was selling out! 
At #bea09. ABA panel IS 10:30-12. Now I'm gonna miss Sarah Dessen autographing. Teen will not be happy. 
at #iccw this afternoon. No Thornetta Davis yet 
at @baizomg's house to wake her up to be responsible but the door is locked...now what? 
AT @lucianatavares ´s house  recording some songs, and it´s called............... yeah, i know that nobody cares 
At @nysacac!! But feeling horrific!!  hopefully it's not #swineflu
at 1000 islands...  gona miss wonderland tomorrow 
At 1020 with the jschool gang for prob the last time in a long while 
at 1st they said yes but it looks like they scratched that plan b/c of the supply demand  @travoloso
At 22:15 someone landed on my blog with 'I'm hitting deep depression and am 16. Help?' 
At a bar for my boys fashion show; I'm the only one old enough to drink. 
at a bbq with the family, having a good time although it is rather cold outside 
At a BMW dealership...bad idea. The M5 is fly...too fly for my budget. 
At a buffalo wing place but can't eat cause I'm so fat!!! It's imposible to lose weight 
At a debut for a distant family member. Waiting for the ballroom to open. Bored 
at a FAB babyshower sad i didn't win a gift 
At a friends, we have no power 
At a fucking haunted house with ligia, trisha, gina and indy guys. 
at a funeral. i hate organ music.  no organ music at my funeral please!!
At a japanese steakhouse for my brothers birthday. They are cooking food i cannot eat right in front of my face 
At a kids party... 10% battery on the phone 
at a lost for words......feeling empty......  
At a mates for BBQ and drinks...it's cold 
at a meeting  boring
At a party and all I want to talk about is padre stuff and I can't  Dude Anita is DTF!!!
at a party but i got bored so now im upstairs watching tv. I am terribly bored. Someone text me or something. 
At a photo just waiting. iPod dying 
At a PTA conference. Some people need to read before they ask questions. Its like being back in school. 
At a wedding DJing. This thing ain't finishing till 12:30...  I'm tired!!!
at a wine tasting where the sprinklers just came on. yes my skirt is wet 
At adcraft pm meeting but my car was backed into in the parking lot 
At airport having a glass of wine while waiting for flight....without my gooder 
At airport in Beijing...Vancouver awaits...  but the damn Lakers lost 
At Ambers, gonna go straighten this mess, I'm trying to call hair. OH THE FUN I'M SURE TO HAVE  HAHA
At an amusement park, actually not going on any rides, worried about my back.. 
At an appt in Miami, I'm called by my maiden name, then asked if they should change it to my married name.. Hmm, good question... 
At an art gallery panel discussion but cant hear anything 
At an art party. No crazy artists as such. Bit padestrian. No skanking 
At an auto repaIr place.  My muffler fell off. 
At apple store to get MBA fixed 
At applebees... Without my favorites 
At ASF studio! I'm hungry and I want to be at starbucks 
at audras; my back hurtss, so does my belly button 
At Aunt Jan's hanging out...I'm hungry again! 
At ballet school with the brat!! Haven't been here in a while.. rain rain go away!! 
At bamboozle working and chillin. ftsk is on. it sounds bad. 
At band practice. Had 3 cords screw up so far  http://myloc.me/26jT
At bart freezing and my hair has blown to hell 
At BC, outdoor ceremony. Was supposed to be sunny or at worst cloudy. It is actually raining lightly. 
At bed rock city comics spending money i dont have 
At Bellevue square shopping with mom. She's leaving next Monday 
At Best Buy... Hopefully the Geek Squad can figure out why my iTunes won't recognize my new ipod touch... 
At BHB saying goodbye to Audrey and Hugo  next up Cheesecake Factory tobid farewell to Rulo 
At bogeys trying to work the juke box...nothing good on it 
At boring aunt's house (not oppresive aunt or evil aunt). Annoyed. Bascially she's disputing existence of BPD without actually saying so 
At boyfriends  won't see him til the 21st aftertonight
at brittany's house and getting ready to leave. i'm gonna miss this girl! 
At bro's golf tourney. 3 over thru 3. Not the best start 
At bussey woods, should be playing ultimate but I don't know how  I will try to pick up on the rules as I watch :/
At Cagliari airport queueing up for check-in. The flight is 1h late 
At Calvary finalizing audio for &quot;Praise the Lord&quot; that will air on TBN. I wish I have a 30&quot; monitor at home   http://twitpic.com/7i7r8
At camden county picking my classes 
At camp... Ready for the fun to begin. Sad pilar cant come this week! 
at carrows! with famima workers and adam! buzzed. T_T I need to meet sal I miss him 
at carwash/oil change...kinda tired but gotta clean my house! 
At casino gambeling. No luck so far 
At Central on my way home. Don't think I'm going to have time to make cheesecake before I have to go out again 
At Central Park for Gabriel Iglesias and Pablo Francisco. Can't stay late, gf has to catch a train 
at chads getting ready to watch the curious case of benjamin button..missing my baby still  cells good
at chandu's... yeah i basically live there... enjoying my time with her before she leaves me and goes back to NH 
At chumlees again 
At Cinci zoo with Pam. Cat House should be renamed Sad Cat House. All of them made this face 
at club Miami super lit. Where is Valencia? Waitin for Jeezy to get here. 
At college . . doing work 
At College, just caught up on missed tweets. Not on top of my game, Twitter wise, of late. 
At costa coffee. Skipped lunch. Working out of here. Massively Hungry. 
At court 
at courtneys. tummy hurts. 
At cousin's engagement party, confuse with the sitting arrangement  my little guy is here, but he's sleepy hehe
At da wic office w/ my mom I just dnt kno 
At Dad's GF's and so boaurd.ipods dead TV is broken, coumputer slow!UGH NOTHING TO DO!!!! 
At dads going 2 church miss u all 
at danem's house. we're feeling really bad today *-* .i think i need a boyfriend  gooosh http://twurl.nl/jkf1dm
at degool cafe waiting the clock to be 2pm 
At dining room table at husband's mother's house. They lecture Simone in Italian on not smoking. Things not going well. 
At dinner with my co-workers... One of my faves is transferring 
At dinner with the boys. They are all sexting. I need a sexting partner. 
At doctor with b. I hope the shots are good to him 
at doctors wif kay haha and had a shit ass day crap as 
At dos pinas getting takeout: there Is an urban fem(hip)ster with her twin who is wearing mismatched shoes, ummmm wtf?!? Not hot 
At Dove Lewis animal hospital. Celeste is puking up blood.  Physical was okay, now on to xrays.
At Dreams half drunk. Jeezy bday vip. Wheres my @ESTlady_Lauren?  i guess miami's up next.
At drs again 
At drum beauty. Stuck in the cheap seats. 
At dry cleaners with suit, and of course they're not open yet...Businesses opening at 10am is so frustrating!  http://mypict.me/1O0n
At dufan!!!! Waiting for my friends to order the foods! Its so crowded and hot  I'm with @missVinski, @bella_dv, and @michellycious!!
At Durban int. Airport. Waiting over a hour to pay 15 kg over weigh luggage 
At east palace chino stop eating...lmao they have some hugh menus...lmao no club soda! 
At edmonds park. Somebody save me! 
at emilys house baby matt died!!!!! 
At ER its pneumonia  big thanks to @gbales for sitting with me getting shots and then hopefully going home soon.
At Erica's house responding to emails/messages then headed to the pool for some Q.T. with the cuzzos and homeboy before I leave Saturday 
At every gas station, I look for postcards for @Zomuu22  No luck. 
At fiesta texas. Going to ride the goliath. @FyreFox wish we could do a meet here 
At first no one had commented JBs pic i was nearly the first :O but i wasnt logged in   ha @Jonasbrothers
at first, i was so excited with myspace. then it got so boring. then twitter came along, now thats boring. so.. what else is there now? 
At floorset on my 15...I wish @linkinpink was here..its sooo dead 
At food 4 less. Lol still havent found what to get my dad for fathers day.  that man has everything!
At food republic. My legs are breaking 
At foot dr. Getting another xray to rule out fracture AGAIN. 
At Foothills Brewing Co.  Left my I.D in the hotel room  oh well, shouldn't be drinking beer anyway!
At forever 21. Too bad i got no money on me. 
At Fox Sports Bar @ Atlantic Station, eating dessert and going home  Cavs 
At frikn' drinking long islands, hopefully I don't get ruffied this time 
At garys grave with Jess. We saw his brother so left 
At gatwick airport for 6.30, that's just wrong  got up at 4.40am. Miss Roo and the squidley diddleys (
at geisel all by myself  bored and sleepy, don't want to study
At gold coast hospital, can't stand the feeling of death - gettin chills in my body 
At graduation. Boo 
At grandma's after shopping and coffee with some friends. I'll have to head back home soon 
at grandma's house yay 
at grandma's house. BORED 
at grandma's.. i miss my boy 
At granny goose's house. eh 
At Great Wall China Buffet in pickering. So full! But omg scared to go outside... Looks like a hurricane or tornado storm 
at gutiar lessons. my tummy hurts mucho 
at h&amp;m and hates the fact its impossible to find stuff that fits me 
at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee ALOT today 
At happy endings before the boys leave for Tokyo in the morning 
at has happened to twitter!? Went in to have a nosy at my new followers and it is all over the place 
At hawiian falls, my old job  I miss this place!
At Hennessey's in Hermosa! Summary: HOT girls, &quot;Take Me to the Pilot&quot; (my fave Elton song), and 14-0 to Alabama in the softball. Hotties 
At home  doing homework. 
At home ... sick 
at home about to clean...yay 
At home after 4h of training with hills, need to rest now...  I miss my wife....
at home again!So tired, I've school tomorrow ¬¬' i think i will go to bed early today 
at home again. oh my gosh, i'm missing them so much .. 
at home again. weekend's over 
at home again.. still sick. fml. also im gonna cry if @jaimeeashley doesn't come to gc for crunktymz 
at home alone doing media revision for exam 2morro 
at home and bored 
at home and can't be bothered to go to the thing with our frnds today  Im too tired
At home and IT'S TOO HOT 
at home and kinda sad..... my mom passed away 4 yrs ago so i have no one to give a gift too! 
At home and recovering... Still can't believe I missed out on Steve Aoki at 808 at other night! 
At home babysitting 
At home because of pink eye  Although it's nice to have 1 day of school off
At home bored @$&amp; hell! Somebody come play with me! 
at home BORED AS FUCK 
at home bored, thinking dang only 4 days left of school and Im a grown up! yay and nay,....graduation will be ALL tears..... 
at home by myself  
at home chatin i can't go out cuz it rainin 
At home chilling listening to music and now bord 
At home doing coursework 
at home doing science essay 
at home eating gross fruit slad 
At home feeling run down. I think I'm getting sick 
At home for the night. It's been fun riding around the city all weekend. Gotta take the rental back in the am 
at home ftl 
at home getting the kids ready for school, kids in the neighborhood are trying to steal my puppies 
At home horribly sick...no small plane ride and camping for me.  
at home i guess 
At home ill today 
At home in bed ill 
at home in my bed after a crazy busy night at work... sleep for a little bit then off to the other job... going to bed missin my hunny. 
at home in this sunny saturday  huh!
at home my stomach hurts from getting so worked up  lame
at home not feelin wel 
At home not feeling very well 
At home now @Jamie_Darcy just left was testing her. Now will make more revision notes 
at home now. i miss my mommy 
at home now... studying 
at home on a Saturday night. being at home is boring  
at home playing my guitar wanting brian to come over..but my bro isnt letting him 2day 
At home relaxin......my body is killin me 
At home relaxing eith my kids...Want to go to the park, but it looks like rain 
at home relaxing on the rest of my day off...hopefully I will not be so sore tomorrow. Egh had too much to drink over the weekend 
At home relaxing with my kids...Want to go to the park, but it looks like rain 
At home resting my hurt back  in Clinton, UT http://loopt.us/5Fq5Gg.t
At home sick  Ps. No its not the swine flu or the H1N1 or whatever its called.
At home sick today 
At home sick today.  
at home sick today. something's wrong with my tummy. hoping i feel better soon bc daytime tv is awful... 
At home sick, while my girls are poolside  Megan damn...ur ARE a twitter FREAK! Lol love the one about men getting a bruised ego...when ot
at home sick. so i'll be resting the neXt few days! 
at home still, with my nan, she's trying to make me get a job in Marks and Spencers, meh... missing bbq at @sophieplayle 's, is no good 
at home tired  and so sore from cheer camp ugh  i cant move i might break into a million pieces  lol seriously im going to fall out &lt;3
at home today sick 
At home today sick as a dog! I wont be twitting much today people 
at home today, too sick. 
At home upset cause had a massive argument with my mate 
At home watching Animaniacs, bummed I missed Forfeit tonight 
At home with a bad back 
At home with a sick baby today. 
at home with a sick kid, starting to feel sick myself. dammit!!! cleaning for three hours straight may not have helped. 
At home with a sick little boy... 
at home with a swollen face, just had a tooth pulled 
at home with Caleb. Wal's working again. 
At home with my baby girl asleep on me! Back to work on Thursday though 
At home with the grandmother, really bored. My sister and her friend are just hanging out while I stay home, in trouble 
at home, doing some homework. Posted to my 2 my sis, and air on yahoo. looking at the textbook but not wanting to read it 
At home, maybe I didnt go enywhere w/ my familly today..everybodys busy and I feel boooring at home  just watchin dvd till drunk -__-
At Home, Off School , I feel I'll ,I'm so bored though , I can't belive I mised NTS today .. 
At home, pretty worried. It sucks to not have a car 
At home, really need to shower and do laundry. Unfortunately, they're working on the sewer this morning. That's really bad timing 
At home, sick today 
at home, sick? hope not! let's see how it evolutionates... 
at home, trying to finish a very long assignment that is due tomorrow, so bored. I hate doing work 
at home, watching secret life, really burnt 
at home, watching tv, bummed about not being allowed to go to modeling 
At home, wondering where the hell everybody is!! 
At home, work was stressful  but oh well hope tomorrow is better
At home.  Bad cold. 
at home.  my brother and my sister left me with my younger sister and went to batangas!  im not happy about it! &gt;
at home. air not working and it's hot as hell! 
at home. doesnt feel good. misses chase.  hopefully he will call me tonight!
at home. got home from church. LOVED IT! but i lost my phone  its okay i dont need it
At home. Have to work 9:30-8:30 today.  Want to sleep forever.
At home. Sick. 
at home. the roommate forgot to leave the door key for me so i have to wait in the living room 
At Home.... 
At home.... feeling ill 
at home....I´m very tired 
At home...got another job...my stomach hurts! 
at home...nothing to do and the boy is asleep 
At home...working on station stuff...no distractions...quiet...I miss @The_Seed 
at home..day off feelen sick 
at home..jus waitin for some people tuh get home 4m skool!!..yes..muh man is still in skool..  
At honda-ya again with @ksachdeva1 . Can't believe I am gonna miss the parade tomm 
At hospital.. Uncle is in surgury after heart attack 
at ihop waiting to be called..we're #63..they're up to #49 still  this isn't going to be breakfast anymore!
At in orbit mall vashi. I get depressed in malls. Some bad old memories 
At infosec's little half-brother (the israeli event). Can't be any less pro 
At Jasmine's. She made pasta and caprese salad. Love it! Made cake for her but i dropped it. I am the clots!!! What a waste! 
At Jessica's house doing the math final. ughhh, my brain hurts 
at justins house &lt;3 him.. not feeling the &lt;3 back tho 
At Key Arena and ready for revenge!!I was on the search for some ice cream....settling for a cough drop 
At kishos for dinner for friend. So mad was going to give friend blown up pic of his car but costco messed up print  grr!!
At kodis tryin to write songs...not going really good..... 
At Kolets trying to cheer her up. People not being nice and making her really upset for telling the truth. 
At la cascada and the food is taking sooo long And the chips and salsa bowl is empty  Fml
At Ladro starting a new project: Twitter client in Silverlight 3. Wanted to call it Twilight but there's a codeplex project called that 
At LAMAS listening to Forgive Durden. My iPod is on shuffle and I can't turn it off. Can't see my screen. 
At last check the dead chick is still in the nest, object of curiosity to nest mates-sad little lump in the nest  
at last die terus terang jugak. I felt so relieved although agak menyakitkan hati sebab baru sekarang die mengaku. OMG  I sedeh gila
At last I'm home where my fresh sheets await me. The scent of your perfume still lingers in the air. I mish yew  #squarespace I need 3g!
At last, week off work. Would be nice if the sun was shining  
at lauren's house working on history final!!!........ need to get back to work now 
At LAX... AGAIN.. I wanna b home tho in bed.. Asleep.. I'm tired 
at least @Lialita can make a hot tottie   ...i just make sad faces til i get Vanilla Chai or extended .'s of head rubbing. feel better hun
At least i can relax on Twitter. I didn't sleep for 40hours now, facebook proofed i'm stupid!   !!!!! waaahhh!
At least I saw my friend today. I didn't even talk to him. Only waved. I feel bad.. 
At least I still have the bourbon 
At least I'm close to having.. 30 followers. 
At least it's Footday in some parts of the world...just not here   But there's the Tonight Show to look forward too, OH YEAH!!!
At least it's Friday...working 'til 1:30AM  
At least I've been asleep for about 4 hrs. Hubby has 2 get up in a few hrs to watch the kid and he hasn't been to sleep yet! 
At least online, it seems some news sites may be swallowing Iran's coolade without tasting other beverages along the way... 
At least Paul Carr now know's what actually happened. Shit &amp; fuck nuts  Will someone please tell me they are still talking to me? Anyone?
at least the shitty music the dean blundell show plays in the morning lmao. at least its original. I miss Barry Taylor and Martin Streek. 
At least ur with friend im home alone blogging 
At least you don't have to be awake to get ready for work right now 
at least, he likes my gift, although he isn't like me. NEVER 
At lenox, always at lenox lol and damn phone bout to die  oh well
At LGW... flight delayed 
at libary right now got dumped last night over phone! 
At Liz's house. I MISS YOU TWITTER! my daddy needs to get the laptop fixed 
at loji, after 2 days at the hospital  hope that babe will be better soon... 
At London city Airport over two hours in advance. Bloody london transport being efficient 
at lucy mae - come drown the playoff blues 
At lunch 
At lunch but didn't bring anything to eat  .... My fault but hey it happens.....
at lunch right now... about to head back to the office and sadly my battery is on the verge of dying  must get a charger from some1 fast!
At lure...lost my chanel ring 
At maccas! Free wifi! Agh coke all over my phone dSi and bag! 
At Market &amp; IDK what I'm doing right now. But, I do know that I'm rocking 5-inch heels so I won't be walking around tryna figure it out 
At mates wedding party got me wondering when im gonna meet my future husband.some people have all the luck 
At McCabes. The pretend Irish restaurant around here. Getting tired of the Irish restaurant that plays pop music from the 80's and 90's. 
At McDonalds. I so want to go play in the ball pit. xD I haven't been in one of those in SO many years. I'm too old now though. 
At Meg's, Neck Ache From Plugged  xxx
At mehanata, a turkish bar on lower east side complete with hookah and live band... But no cigar smoking 
At melissa's, seeing her for the last time until august 
at michelle and jennys house in pasadena. with james and megan. i feel shitty 
At Mikado's with Mary and her family. And i just got a splinter from my chopsticks 
At Monet Giverny gardens. Too much crowded with tourists. 
At moses. About to pass out. Missing my baby  hope she has fun 
At Mountain View... Going to school soon 
at mr . v's for dinner , and eddie isnt working tonite 
At MST, thinking someone forgot they were meeting me here tonight.  Not cool.  At all. 
At muh house with @dmcbride9. And maggie. They all think i'm a twitter whore. 
at my aunties house hopeing i was with my bestie 
at my aunts for the day, not going to the horse show 
at my aunt's funeral...dont want 2 be here 
At my boring work 
at my brodudes house..my vacation is coming to an end 
at my brothers grave.. 
at my championship track meet in the pouring rain 
At my cousin house. Poor me today 
at my cousinns, i love herrr i misss c3 tuggerah 
At my cousin's house, can't watch the game. He thought it was on at 6 so he isn't home yet. 
At my cousins viewing day 1... 
At my dads place chilling out and having fun. Birmingham back in the premier league  Missing watching football with my amazing girlfriend
At my first ever baby shower.  I've already been asked why I'm not married 
at my friends suprise birthday party. Kinda bored though 
At my grandma's house. Failing at tryin to sleep even though I'm beat. Wishing I could talk to Ryan 
At my grandma's... NO WIFI HERE 
at my house watch princess diaries with sadie.. wishing I was at metroplex.. 
At my house with @Megzakarockstar about to study some shit for school. Graduation on Monday 
At my last brunch of the year 
at my last cheer competition for senior L4 
At my little cousins dance recital  lol boring!
At my little sewing corner.. Tired? Yes .. Yes I am.. I want my bf 
At my mates house again playing on the wii. Just fed Dante before he went to his grandad's. Still want a kid. 
At my moms trying to save my pics and files on my computer.  im going to cry if it doesnt work!
At my moms... Worried about my bf  hope he's okay (jmw&lt;3)
At my native.. 
At my niece's birthday party. Damn do kids really need that much balloons. Lol. To bad she's feeling under the weather 
At my office away from office - Mugg &amp; Bean! Doing some work etc...no internet tho 
At my poppy and nannys house... Sittin in my poppys lazy boy, wishin he was the one sittin in it. 
at my sister's. omg still so much homework and stuff to do  gonna be fun xD
at my uncles again the 4th season of hannah montana will be the last... thats sad 
At Myth enjoying dinner and some slow service 
At NAHT conference: Ed Balls on later to persuade against SATS boycott. Heads need to vote yes. If they don't, DCSF will stop negotiating 
At naomis graduation    i still dont feel good 
At Ncl airport on BT Openzone. Swiss O2 charges prohibitive (£6 per Mb). Looks like iPhone cold turkey for me.  
At NE Intensity game by way of Framingham. NY Sharks up 31-0. 
At New Cumnock for lunch, I have just fallen of my bike  Raised edge on the side of the road going into a layby...
At Nick's house for the boys last Friday home for 2 flippin months!!!  But party. Yay :-D
At Northwest Airlines Lounge in Narita, Tokyo! I'm so tired already but I still have a long way ahead...  Next stop, Singapore!
At number 62 on #nrtoone for #Giro dropped out of top 50 at the weekend  I hate rest days...how else to pass the afternoon at work ?
At NUS now..so tired. I don't wanna stay till 4pm  - http://tweet.sg
at office working on a paper work 
At office,no one's here, can't enter the office 
at office.. 
At Ontario airport waiting to board flight to Denver, then Sioux Falls ... So tired. And no F100 on this trip, either. 
At Opening Day--the Commerce Bank &quot;C&quot; mascot just walked by. The bank is changing its name--will the &quot;C&quot; lose its job? 
At orientation.. tired 
at orthadontist, got braces tightened. 
At ortho......ouch! 
At our Home Owners Association meeting. We are suing the builder. 
At Paragon, will do merchadising today. Hope we can open store tomorrow. It's been delayed for 2 days already. 
At parents church sitting behind a lady with a tamberine who doesn't know tempo!  http://twitpic.com/4x5i1
At PetSmart. Theres a big fluffy black kitty named Boots up for adoption that I want 
At Philly Int airport getting ready to board. I really don't like planes  I'm hoping for a safe trip
at pim! and i hate the transformers ticket was sold out 
At professional development..... 
At prom. It's almost over. 
At PVS... There's no cars and it's pissing down!!! 
At Relay for life, and almost cant bear it. Feeling too strong to easilly hide  .
at Rhiannon's yet again! going to the beach maybe tomorrow before the orthodontist 
At rio. Was hoping to catch a glimpse of my fave chippendale but I totally didn't see him 
At Riverdance festival, one guy just had a heartattack (died?)... sad 
At Rose &amp; Crown. Almost empty on a friday nite. Note to Epcot entertainment, Carol's vacation replacement on the piano isn't that great. 
at sarahs being bored.  got our new house today and not happy about it but trying to avid the subject.. oh well........ missing my friends
At SBUX en route to Olivia's BJJ class, then her soccer game. I can't wake up, Hoffachino is not working: caffeine tolerance 
at school   ..ah just one more hour.... and 30 minutes
At school  First day back from Spring Break :/
At school  my summer smells like shat
At school after holidays 
At school again. LAST DAY!!! But I'll totally miss my teachers and buds.  But not homework! ;)
At school again. Wish I was at home with Brian 
At school in chemistry, wish I was outside 
at school in the computer lab  can't wait for 12:30 WEEKEND BAYBAY&lt;33
At school on the internet with the girlz  Awesomee! It's the last day at school ! I'm happy but I don't want to leave my friends 
At school philosophy ... Doesn't seem like I'm learning    http://bit.ly/xrBlb    Hehe
At school right now.. Just watched This is England, and I'm sorry to say that I didn't like it that much  Maby because I watched it here?
at schOOl sO diisapOiinTeD... i thOught i hav3 a chaNCe wiitH him..GueSS nOt 
At school studying for my Graphics exam at 9:00 
At school till 3 
at school u.u I wanna go homee  tomorroww day off,,maybe n.n 'cuz tmrrow's teacher's dayyy ;D
at school with beccabomhouer ,  cant go on fb 
At school working on a french slideshow 
At school, doing some stuff til; 6' o clock 
at school. ah i wish i could join the @MyChemChat 
AT SCHOOL. AHHH FINALS TODAY. 
at school. In I.T. Bored  Done my work
At school... Geometry Regent today ! Yayyyy not 
at school... no more D&amp;T classes.... 
At school... We have LOADS to do  Heeelp!!!
at school.....wishing i was with my family 
at school...listining to die Ärzte - Westerland...great song really..btw i'm so tired...i sleeped between 02:30 and 05:30..thats bad 
At Sckoollllll...........Doin Poohy Test Top 
at sean houseee ; doing nothing 
At Seasons Grill wit shay......besides shoppin I loveeee dining out.....gonna miss my shay 
At sebastian inlet, battery about to die 
At sequoia waiting for my friends to get here  glad I'm an independent woman!!
at sevy's house..cant find the remote 
at SF pool &amp; waterpark. What were people thinking when they decided to bare all?!?!  Scarred for life!!!
at SFO waiting on my 1st flight. I am...sad,bummed,lonely...trying to think of all the good gooddd times!!! smiles not tears  missin JRS.
At Sheraton Subang for some Malaysian Pageant thing. Official business u see. I want to be at home wit Rayyan n @narishaishak 
At Silverstone now - trucks set up, cars being finished. It's been a busy week! Typical Silverstone weather tho 
At sisters now sigh I miss my pc or heck just the internet 
At six flags with cassie, matt, shawn, alex, eric, and charlotte. I hate heights 
At skool wit da babies, smiling at their innocence. Sigh. I luv my job! Only 8 days left 
at skool, this 1 guy askd me 2 b his gf, i said no  ,in the most kindest way i can think of. it was nerve-wracking, &amp; i stil feel bad urg
at some club in LA and I'm not drinking! 
At Spring Awakening...cannot wait for it to start. Last time I'm here ever! Boo, sad times 
At sprint store for pre...apparently no pre for $50 sero plan holders 
At St. Ann's hospital. Wife's aunt going into surgery, 5% survival rate. 
at Stanford Guest House, CA is too hot  should find food at some point.
At starbucks on my way to work  its just to early to be at work on saturday
at starbucks while they firestone fixes his car for $300....   
at studio ! smoking and got some tea. Remind me on 10 pm. miss someone 
At summa camp . . . bottom bunk 
at summer school...bout to go swimminnn 
at sweet eugene's bored, yet again... makes me miss nyc 
at Texas Roadhouse with the family...they're heading back to Oklahoma today. 
At the  office  Working on Sundays sucks.
At the Acura dealer getting an oil change.. They have a theater here.. Too bad its closed so I can't twitpic 
At the airport and my lounge pass has expired. I will have to sit with the public 
At the airport coming home from Ft Myers 
At the airport dropping papa off  uhh man hailll nahh.
At the airport in Vancouver.  Don't get into Orlando tonight until 9:30 so I'm going to miss a good part of the Magic/Cavs game.  
At the airport making line 
At the airport problem with our tickets 
At the airport waiting to board my flight. Wish i had my DS 
At the airport, headed to Spring-Mo 
at the airport, I really wanna go back down under badly 
At the airport, waiting to board! I miss my Minabear already. 
at the airport.  i dont want to go home!
At the airport. Don't wanna go home. Sad Abi is sad 
at the airport. going home again. this time 4 a wedding. unfortunately, cld not find ipod 
At the airport. Hate getting up this early in the morning 
at the airport... coming back to VA 
At the airport... Flight delayed 
At the airport...just got the worst iced chai tea latte ever. 
At the airport..my flight is delayed..I really hope I don't miss my flight in dallas 
At the amount of job i have in hand.. the Public holiday announcement doesn't make me feel good at all.. 
At the animal er. Satia has a gash near her left armpit that will probably need stitches  Poor thing. Still waiting on the vet.
At the Animal ER. Sid ate 10.5 oz of 72% dark chocolate. His heart's racing, shaking, nose running... Jason's so upset. This is not good. 
at the animal hospital with @zhulius and my cat rajah 
At the apartment....alone....again 
at the Arcadia office.... 'Nuff said 
At the baggies for the last time this season 
At the bar, doing a function, it's going to be a long night 
At the barn. The farrier came for Magic's feet, rode 15 min.  Thunderstorm. Hind right hip/stifle still having issues. Show next wkend.  
At the bathroom right now, staring at my weird-looking hair 'cause it was pulled up. So awwwww i feel bad. Sorry my precious, lovely hair 
At the beach and its raining! 
at the beach house. sitting up on my balcony. there are exactly 3 stars in sight tonight. ugh... back to boca tomorrow 
At the best part of the Goblet of Fire. Poor Cedric 
At the bfs. He has no ac 
At the blackberry storm party and this line is annoying 
At the Bob...I miss High School  http://tinyurl.com/kvduvv
At the Bridge for daddy day! Missing the kiddos tho 
At the Bulgarian art exhibition. No photos though. 
At the bus stop there's always a big pile of loogies. So. Gross. 
At the bus stop. I think my legs are burning 
At the cape, so excited to be here.. It just doesn't feel right without @briannabarbati, come back sooooon please! 
at the condo bored as shit!!  
at the crib takin it light... feelin sick ONCE AGAIN 
at the dealer waiting for @kevind5 and for the storms to pass 
At the densit again 
At the dentist again. 
At the dentist, root canal incoming 
At the dentist. I am no longer cavity-free 
At the dentist. I didn't use to hate it, but as you get older you need more work 
at the dentist. This lady is hurting my mouf 
At the dentist. TWO shots of novacaine to the right side of my mouth.  This sucks.
At the dentist... My mouth is numb 
at the dentists office waiting to get seen...joy!  I don't think I'm gonna like this!
At the dermatologist... Let's see how many spots need scraped off today 
at the dmb concert in pittsburgh and its fucking pourrrringggggg!! 
At the DMV uhhhg! 
At the doc office 
At the doctor again for my toe since in didn't get better the first time 
At the doctor again, because I'm still sick! I HATE HATE HATE being sick! 
At the doctor all day  in Austin, TX http://loopt.us/vfjTpg.t
At the doctor getting  a shot 
at the doctor, getting checked for my knee 
at the doctor.. done again.. it hurts so horrible.. 
At the doctors  bored going to 4-H meeting for sis next then finally home! yay im so tired
at the doctors and i have to get a shooot!!!  im gonna cry
At the doctors getting chest-rays and blood work 
At the doctors office 
At the doctor's office 
At the doctor's office for Elliott's 2-month-old round of shots. I'm expecting this to NOT be fun.  
At the doctors office once again... Sinus Specialist this time. Can't a girl get a break? 
At the doctor's office.  I think they're gonna stick me today 
At the doctors office. Time for bug's 18 month checkup.  #fb
At the doctors!  gonna have to take blood. BLAH
At the doctors, again  and this is only my first appt for the day -.-
At the doctors. For Nadia's whiplash 
at the dr.  again 
At the dr.'s again.. This time for her blood test.. I know she's gonna cry 
At the dr's office for an NST... 
at the dulceria till 6 
At the el month listening to someone. Apparently she used to play with courtney love. I have kleenex in my ears cause I forgot the plugs 
at the emergency animal clinic trying to save marilyn 
at the emergency room pray for me 
at the emergency vet clinic with Greta....my baby is really sick 
At the ER for collin. MRSA attacks again 
At the eye doctors... I'm missing a day at Six Flags Great America for this 
At the fashion show, I met the &quot;photographer&quot; from @energy927... Sniff my dream 2 shoot fernando and greg lives on... 
At the game! Not such a good start.   http://mypict.me/2ezH
At the garage getting an MOT for my car 
at The Gov. this place aint the same without TAI on stage  over there's where I met Beckett.
at the grandparents....missing the carnival though! 
at the great mall   but watching UP in 3D!!
At the Griffith Observatory- there's a huge model of all the planets, but Pluto is missing. I forgot Pluto isn't a planet anymore. 
At the Grove for 'Drag Me to Hell.' I hope that it doesn't suck. 
at the guys at Swan, have you ever tried getting your pop-a-tip filters out of the tube? its impossible to get more than 2 out! 
at the gym ... all by myself 
At the gym but feeling super lazy  might just go for a sauna in a bit!
At the gym. No workout buddies today and it's all thanks to the Lakers. 
At the gym. Pup is okay but needs eye drops and week off daycare for leg. 
At the health centre. About to go in. Hope I don't blub again 
At the hell hole once again 12hrs. Hmmm will it go by quick???......... NO!!!!!!! 
At the hell hole today 7 hours left   
At the High Line, watching them plant new sproutlings. Ankle throbbing. 
At the hospital for my cat scan and xrays. 
At the hospital hoping er thing goes well  wiit the cuszo 
At the hospital in Denton sitting with David's mom - she doesn't look good at all 
At the hospital visiting my great grandpa  fun day
at the hospital wit greg  &lt;3 angie
At the hospital with @RockCityMatt @svenEDGE and @Lifespring because @Lifespring 's dad just passed  please pray
At the hospital with Joe visiting the nephews. One with pneumonia and one with an allergic reaction. Poor babys 
At the hospital with my poor sick baby 
at the hospital with the family hopefully grandma will be okay. 
At the hospital, my uncle is very sick! 
At the hospital.  i feel so bad about jeremys car and i really hope hes ok.
at the hospital.. my friend's grandma fell &amp; broke her pelvis 
At the hospital...my chest was killing me...now off to get some xrays 
at the hotel all all alone  .. the nanny just left!
at the house having problems with my chick 
At the house thinking about my girlfriend Amanda Bates and wishing we could be together right now. 
At the house, giong to school later. I have a doctors appt. 
At the house. The air inside of work was so nasty I got a headache and was just pooped by the time I left. No Pen Guys today. 
At the house.Jive extra hungryy.&amp;&amp; the pod iZ downn.thee worstthingsz to ever happen! 
At the Jays game and what did I do...for get ID and bank card. No food or beer for me! 
At the jazz museum!! No cameras allowed inside though 
At the job bored as hell wish i didnr have to work 
at the job orientation woo alone tho, my mommy left 
at the Lake 8a-4p, work at The Offspring concert 5p-12a, sleep, law firm 8a-12p, errands, work 4p-12a, sleep, law firm 8a-12p, nap, work. 
At the lake with the kids... Hot and irritated. 
At the last hotel. 4 hourrs till we get home. Then im grounded 
at the last minute we went 2 sea world. didn't plan right, so i didn't take a snack    we went to buffet afterwards (bad). i was hungry
At the laundrette with a hangover, the spin cycle is going to hurt me 
At the lawyers.  Jesus I don't feel good. At all.
at the lib all day 
At the library + ready to kill myself - #4 is en fuego, and #3 not much better. Wish I didn't have to go to work next.... And bring them! 
at the library 4 sum peace n quiet....got online course n a thesis to do 
At the library checking my em because I lost or left my power cord in Chapel Hill 
At the Library feeling sick 
at the library with @AllysonObrien. studying for finals  ugh  5 more days!!!!
at the library, researching something for SAN homework. Pretty understandable! 
at the library. Reading about history. I didn't study for math. 
At the library. So many books i want to read, but i have too many at home that i need to read first, and i don't have the time! 
At the local shoe repair. Cause a sandal of mine broke. 
At the mall with my GF.Does anyone have some bamboo to shove under my nails? It would be so much more soothing.   http://twitpic.com/7o69d
at the mall. bored! lol want morgan to poof over here. 
At the MOA for race for the cure, @T_S_B and SamBrody are walking, I was going to shop. Everything is closed 
At the moment im watching sky news!  Im bored 
At the moment...I'm just sitting around. It doesn't help me 
At the office on a sat  ... But jammin to Reasonable Doubt on the iPod... forgot how good that album was  ... CAN I LIVE!!!
At the office preparing for tomorrow's meeting, instead of enjoying Mr Goldstein's sunday lunch   All I have is The Temptations
At the office working, working, working, working.  
At the office. This causes frown face.   
at the office...  
At The Only with @camfinlayson and @momotoronto, but not with @MoxieGarrett. 
at the papa's. wanted tigers to win shipwrecked 
at the parents house.. nephews leaving  sad
at the park playing tennis. i suck. 
at the park with my work family for this bootleg bbq. i'm going to miss these guys 
At the police station 
At the pool.  It IS foggy 
At the pool. Last day in KC with bff  the lifeguards at the pool look 12. I'm not convinced that if I were drowning they could save me...
At the post house...bloody changing the color of the ink dropping into water to baby blue 
At the post office...fun times  !
At the pride parade waiting for ana no fliers 
At the pub with the dog but seems to have misplaced friend with drinks 
at the Red Sox game but missed Ortiz's homerun because Jay and I were on a hunt for nachos 
At the Red Wings game with Megs ... So hung over....  
At the Rogers Plus at Rideau - they have 1 dude working the first Sat. after the 3GS release. I feel for him. 
At The Roxy with @leahclaire to see @TheCab. We missed @Anarbor cause we got stuck in traffic. Dammit. And it's so fucking hot in here. 
at the Roxy. the line is outside and it's wet 
at the salon, but I can't do my hair cuz I'm BROKE  lol
At the same plain ol' skool. Wiithout TS3 
At the science center. . . No baby machine though! 
At the senior awards banquet because I have to play in the band as people are walking in 
At The set of Wake Up San Francisco. Were doing a Live show. Nicky And Alex - Mommy misses you! 
at the sisters house not looking forward to work 
At the store, trying to budget shop 
At the studio now...sleepy, have to b at work at 10  womp womp.
At the stupid summer program junk I have a super huge headache which might be a migrane idk but I just dnt feel well !!!!! 
at the time i was knocked out on my bed, my fave pop punk boys were signing in NEWTOWN. benci. I could've been there n gotten hugs. 
At the toy store on this stupid rainy day  come and visit!! Had a great night last night!! &lt;3
At the Toyota dealership to get my car fixed. They're going to ream me.  #fb
At the train station sitting on the cold floor because there are no seats 
At the train station. It's cold 
at the uk visa application centre , wiee3 za7maaa!! oo helag whyy!! laish kell hanas beru7oon  :3
At the UPS Store, shipping a piece of my childhood that I sold on CL. 
At the vet getting my dog checked out. She may have a UTI.  @ North Hills Animal Clinic http://loopt.us/3O3Klw.t
At the vet w our dog Buddy. He was attacked by another dog yesterday.  http://yfrog.com/0k4kawj
At the vets with kitten. He's ill.   http://twitpic.com/7sggq
At the vieww .. I hope tonight makes up for last night ! 
At the Wally till 3AM. Please come rescue me... 
At the wg with Michelle but no HAB 
at the zoo! flamingos smell like urine 
At thee train station to see @Caiitttt off  why is she leaving me? *cries*
At this casting call ready to go already! I'm so sleepy... 
At this instance I wish I was a dude so I could sing @imcudi Poke her Face song w/o gettin any side eyes!  Don't judge me
At this moment in time i am having new windows fixed and job hunting. wanna sunbathe though 
At this point I can already say that my summer vacation is almost overrrrrr! 
At this rate I have to write about a dozens articles for @depressingnews when I'm back home. 
At this rate, I'm going to just grow my hair back out. 
at this second, I hate school. It's taking over my life. No dreaming about Eddie Redmayne for me 
At this starbucks on U st doing work while waiting for Chi Cha Lounge to open at 5. I left my check card there last night 
At thorpe park it appears the entire southeast has chosen today to come  first queue of the day at x no way out. http://twitpic.com/8czhr
At times like these I wish that I had someone just to hold me 
At times like this i miss h0me... 
At times like this i wish i lived alone or had a more quieter place to study 
At times like this I wonder why can I not live in the US? 
At transformers 2 been here 20 min finialy settled on seats. Pack room 
At tweetup loc, but don't recognize anyone  am outside in turquoise shirt. Please see me! #g4c09
at ucr waving for my test to start....   it will be thirty min...
at uni jazzin up some sound stuff for hand in next wed...thank god for bjork, giving me lots of ideas, gonna be a late one though 
at university again, should do something for my classes but don't want to...should do it now instead of tonight at home...need more sleep 
At UP - brought pork rinds and low carb peanut butter bars. Not the same. 
At Urgent Care with Justin's sister...and this little girl is next to me shivering like she out in the snow with no shoes on 
at w0rk eating my blue berry muffin &amp; strawberry milk. n a bagel n cream cheese n sum chips! boy am i greedy!!! goin 2 a viewing later 2 
At Wal Mart Union City with inop. Couldn't find his dad's gift 
At walmart. So sad @Sarengo isn't here....we spend hours here together 
At werk so excitin 
At what once was huge camera show.Now like a photography graveyard 
At what point in my life did I have to start seriously asking how I get myself checked in? Sadly I know someone I could ask 
At what point should a person be offended for trying to join the service when his own Capt. tells him be should be a politician very  ...!
At whit's birthday party.  To bad I have to work tonight 
At Willowbrook Mall but I'm not shopping. 
At Winchester Hospital with Alex's right knee.  She heard a &quot;pop&quot;. Probably a tendon or ligament. Lots of pain. 
At work    It's slow 
At work  13 hours to go!
at work  7am is to early.  work schedule next week is horrible! uh.later
At work - as usual 
At work  beach tomorrow!!!
At work  Bring me derby food
At work  even tho I need the money still rather be sleeping in. Being an adult sucks. also I am scared to lose the one thing I need be ...
At work  gonna be a sick night tonight!!!
at work  i knew i shouldent have stayed up till 3:00 im so tired
at work  i need a new job! anyone hiring?????
At work  i wanna be asleep.
At work  I'm starting to think I'm not getting paid enough for this on a day like today. Its torture in more ways than one!
At work - it's so ugly outside 
At work - looking out my office window at this dull, rainy day 
At work  oh no it's the first day of monthly visitor ahhhhhh
at work  performing at relay for life later!
at work  plus im sick. blah..
At work  this sucks
At work  tryin 2 vgh and get the hell up out here on this pretty saturday *s~N~c*
at work  want to sleep!
At work  wishin i was at home in bed with the air conditioner on high it is so hot!!
At work $$... I think I'm getting strep throat 
At work &amp; worrying about my Gracie. 1st Visit to vet. She got vaccinated &amp; treated for heartworms. Sedatives=sad stoner dog w rubber legs 
at work ... like few people toaday 
at work 2.5 hours early....i want my car back 
At work after a week's vacation. 
at work again  i so wish i had a job worth being excited about.
At work again after 3 weeks holiday. Far too many emails to read... 
at work again doin the nursin thang im kinda bored cuz my patient sleep 
At work again for the next 8 days solid 
At work again today and hoping that something happens. But im expecting a boring day because there is no rain... 
at work again, had a nice weekend.... damned rain again 
At work again......it is going to be gorgeous outside and I will be inside!  
At work again....Yesterday the studio didnt worked out as it should.   dont know why but something just takes away my concentration. grrr
at work again...I sorta want to go see Je Suis Animal &amp; The Zebras tonight...eee...am at work. Need to save money. Probably won't go, hey 
at work agen til 630 
At work already... With the wicked witch of the west 
At work and bored outta my mind.    its soooo slow for a Friday night. Where is everyone?
at work and dont feel good 
at work and glad i brought the lappy cause it doesn't look like many people are out here 
At work and my back hurts 
At work and my tummy hurts 
At work and my tummy hurts  this should be a fun day
at work and off in a few hours and its raining 
at work and so upset i can't get my phone yet to update twitter 
At work and the weather is divine! bunch of work today... and I can't believe it is June already! 2 weeks and I am no longer 25 
At work another 12 or more hour day 
At work at 7am 
at work booo.... 
at work booooo 
At work bored  @TropicalBlend
at work bored as hell now... no one to talk to 
at work bored right now. 
At work bored!! 
At work bored. Thinking about what the heck I'm going to do tonight! Tuesdays and thursdays are the wackest in lansing 
At work but i just wanna go home 
At work but punchy due to two early morning pager events. 
At work but still not feeling so hot. There are bagels beside me and they smell so good. But no appetite 
At work but would rather be at home.  bad day
at work by myself  but time is flying by cant want till 2pm so i can SLEEP!!!
AT WORK COUNTING MY HOURS TO GO HOME  I MISS MY LIL MAN
at work delivering furniture in the pouring rain snd getting soaked 
at work doing my supervisor's job...ugh!  Can't wait to fly to California tomorrow! I miss you (
At work early enjoying some A/C. Ours broke Saturday night and we are waiting on a part. 
at work eating muffins and drinkin an Arizona gotta lay off the Starbucks and Redbull 
At work feeling like crap. I need to go home and get in the bed for the rest of the day. Too bad I have to give a final exam tonight. 
At work for 48 hours 
At work for a town hall meeting. On my day off... 
At work for another day!!! 
At work for the next 9 hours   knee is feeling okay ! Will tweet later
At work freaking tired 
At work from 2 to most likely 12. 
At work from 9-4 
At work hating life. 
at work i feel nauseated totally missed him last night 
At work in Fort Worth this morning...and already not having a very good day.  
At work in the mall 
At work in the OR today, I was late so I had to floa 
at work just realized i left my ipod at home  *FML*
at work looking at all these piles of things i have to do 
At work looking at our ratings 
At work mad sick, it just keeps getting worse. I need rest I think my body is breakin down  can't wait for the weekend so I can sleep!!!
At work missing Sherly ad her Katsuya dinners 
At work Monday morning 
at work nanswereing phones 
at work not feeling that great 
At work on a saturday. So much fun 
at work on a sunday  and its father's day
at work on my break. So fucking bored, dont wanna be here 
At work on my break.. Entertain me!lol im still sleepy 
At work on this glorious day  but have to say I have had some nice people in looking at Marks beautiful furniture
at work once again...cant wait till my days off 
At work right now. Sad that i have to work till 5pm today instead of 230. I'm goin 2 b so tired when i finish  Why is other girl sick?
At work since 5 again 
At work since approx. 2hours... 
At work soooooo tired 
At work starting 10 mins early got the shitest tables get ready 4 a crap night 
At work starting a 12 hour shift 
at work still 
at work STILL. Always love coming home from vacation to over a 1,000 emails (mostly from work people). Ridiculous 
At work Sweatin hot as hell  But I Get Out at 2 Pce
At work talking to @Mocha2badd; getting ready to go visit my step dad in the hospital; what a way to spend a lunch break 
at work til 7. I'm thinking about calling in tomorrow. I just don't feel well  then I'm off to Mondo's on Monday then FINALLY going to NY!
At work til 8 
At work til late...no partyin tonight 
at work till 6:30 
at work till 8, blah 
at work till 8:30 
At work today  wish i had a job with weekends off. Then agian i suppose i should be greatfull i have a job as allot of people haven't.
At work today and its gonna rain  I hope I dont have alot of clients coming in......
At work today is gonna be a long day  12-10 at work AGHHHH
at work today! 
At work today, I had more reasons to wash my hands than normal 
at work today.  Deciding on where to go for lunch... hmmmm
at work today. tired. slept in. missing 2nd to last practice before the beast of the east. also think we lost the last 2 fish last night. 
at work trying to keep my mind off of him. This distance aint no joke. 
At work UGH  looking at the bright side of things I get off at 3pm.Gonna take my mini me JONIYAH to the beach and chill! ISLAND LIFE SWEET
At work until 8:30 
At work watching maintenance being performed. Might be here until midnight. Sadness. 
at work watching slumdog millionare its so bad ass. working till 10 
At work what a wonderful Saturday night 
at work while friends are biking around central park on a beautiful day... 
at work wishing I had more than one day off this week and irritated there is no chance of leaving early today 
At work wishing i was home with my little girl on father's day 
At work WISHING I was on my way to the BET Awards. 
At work with not much to do, yet everyone gets on my ass to do something 
At work with possible kidney infection! My back hurts so much! 
At Work With The Mean Habgy Over! Lol smh 
At work without my laptop. Going to be a long night without 3 hours of mahjong.  Sadddface.
At work woohoo..its hot 
at work yay!! 
At work yet again 
At work!  ...gonna miss the game 
At Work! 12 Hour Shift at the Bank! 
At work!! (Not working) very sick 
At Work!! Miserable.. 
AT WORK!!!! NOT FEELING TO GOOD 
at work!so bored! n im hungry 
At work( in office 29,9 degrees) 
at work, again.  these overnights are beginning to take its toll.  
At work, again... 
At work, all alone in the office, on a Sunday... this sucks 
At work, alone... don't get out until 12 am... damn... 
At work, and a plague of tourists has descended 
at work, and very bored 
at work, bored stupid 
At work, feet hurt....back hurts.....I'm falling apart 
At work, getting some last min stuff out of the way then its off til Monday!  WooHoo  Still a bit sleepy &amp; fuzzy though  xx
at work, glad its payday but its already spent!! it sucks! 
At work, having sore muscles 
At work, in this lightning storm. I have keraunophobia, so now I keep shaking  ennh!! 9 more hours!!
At work, inside, missing the lovely weather yet again 
At work, latte in hand, just realized that next week is a 3-day weekend, while that's nice and all, I can't bill for days off 
At work, packing everything up for Wendy! Ahh i have one more week left 
at work, ready to start my day...I miss my babies already. What am I going to do without them for 6 days while I'm in Vegas? 
At work, sick, and gettin worst by the minutes 
at work, so i'll have to chat later. 
At work, such a nice day, wish I was out driving my 69 Mach 1 Mustang 
At work, tho its friday its an awful friday, they have my take n income n calls for 9 hrs when I usually make outbound calls, what a day 
At work, tired after a frickin burglar alarm going off at 3am and keeping me awake for an hr 
At work, watching the rain   Again!
At work, wishing I could just walk out and get on a plane!! Maybe Hawaii, I've never been there 
at work, with a swollen eye 
at work, with a swollen face  thank god it's kohls though. I'm feelin fat. flip flops are about to break annnnd I get my hair done tonight
At work.   See you all at lunch, or later....
At work.  Just want to go home.  
At work. Annoyed because there's sand from the beach stuck in the ball of my BlackBerry 
At work. Apparently, they don't take excuses from twitter-peeps. S'bullshit 
At work. Back to da grind 
at work. Beautiful outside...crisp and sunny! Wish I was outside 
at work. Been trying to make numbers balance this morning  they wont 
At work. Boring day ahead 
at work. boutta die. hungry&amp; exhausted. wawa. 
At work. Ehh.  I gotta clock in soon.
At work. Employees calling in left and right. I'm going to be running the store tonight. 
At work. Feeling sick.  I'm very pissed about the schedule... Feel like calling Douchebag and blasting his retard ass out.
at work. going to work on Nation Fire Reports back from 2008 
At work. Great weekend but id rather be in bed right now 
At work. I refuse to actually do any work before 9am since I don't have much to do right now. Meeting at 12. Class at 6! 
At work. Incoming freshmen are still on campus...this will probably be a looooong Monday 
At work. just got some down time and i am wondering why agemo is mad at me for calling her dick sweat 
At work. My legs, stomach, and arms are burnt and hurt so bad. But poor Taylor is like 100 times worse. 
at work. reading my mail.. 65 new mails... 
at work. seems like it's gonna be a busy night 
At work. So hungry. Didn't make a big enough lunch.   
At work. Still waiting for the lorry to get back. 2 hours now 
At work. Super sleepy  and my boyfriend is back at my place all comfy in my bed!
At work. Working. Calling about my car. I miss it 
at work.. missing my miami fam @anywayz, @abigaildsouza, @mrohboy32, carolina, @jonathan305, @Prtyprincess, @JessDosil &amp;&amp;&amp; more 
at work.. my tummy hurtss 
At work.. nothing exciting 
At work.. Off in an hour. Then I get to see terminator 4 tonight for free! Traded shifts with a coworker so now I have to wake up at 830. 
at work.. would rather b at home working on a tan or at the nkotb concert that was originally scheduled 4 2day.. *sigh* 
At work... And still not felling good 
at work... but i don't really know why 
At work... Meeting tonight but I'm kinda out of it today 
At work... Missing my routine cup of joe 
at work... waiting to go home in less than 2 hours 
At work..... Meeting  sooo bored (
At work....still dreading tomorrow....June 3, 2006 the day I lost myself 
at work...a lil tired...and holy cramps!! 
At work...again...missing Shan. Don't get to see her 'til 9 tonight 
at work...bored.. 
at work...came in late 
At work...dreading Wednesday 
At work...I soo don't feel well...body aches and then I feel cold and hot... 
at work...no one is here  .........Y CRUEL WORLD!!!
at work...plotting construction documents...fighting a sore throat 
at work...so tired wanna pass out. couldn't sleep last night only slept an hour. today looks like 12-14 hour shift  to much on my mind
At work...Thinking about things when I should be working 
At work..all day. Been here since 11 and its BORING! I've been missing the pretty sun all weekend.  Cant wait to go to the lake soon!  ...
at work..blows wrking on the weekend 
At work..boo... 
At work..carolines going to the beach without me oh well wedding festivities start tomorrow too..no more baby brother 
at work..yaaayyya!!! still workin in my project! 
at workkk. It's only wednesday! 
At workkkkk 
At workkkkkk .. 
At worrrkkkk! 
at worthy park : theres no fair 
at wrk right now. I have such a long day 
At wrk until 9pm.  I feel sick to my stomach.
At ybr for lindsay jays birthday! While Milo is crying in his crate at home. 
AT&amp;T are jerks. Won't let me upgrade...cause I didn't meet one qualification! 
AT&amp;T Dunkirk NY does NOT sell iPhones anymore, must go to Buffalo or online 
AT&amp;T iPhone 3GS - my order status still says In Progress - not shipped 
At&amp;T may have just sold me on there new cable that lets you DVR 4 shows at once. Choosing just 2 is like Sophie's Choice 
at&amp;t tatle telled on me to collections. 
AT&amp;T wants a $750 deposit from me for new cell service!!!!!!!!! Sheesh! See what the folly of youth costs? 
AT&amp;T, why are you being such a snob tonight?  No service, for those of you trying to text or call me... 
AT&amp;T's service is down so I cannot get a new iPhone 3GS today  geez I wish I could switch mobile carriers, I am tired of AT&amp;T!
AtaDan will end today.  So I've started watching Kurosagi and have yet to finish BECK. Love imagining Hiro as Ryusuke. \m/
ate 2 burgers in a row.. i really need to control my eating habits. i'm fat already. 
ate a big mac juz nw,but i'm hungry again 
ate a blueberry bagel... I don't feel so good now 
ate a bunch od mini pancakes and im still freaking hungry.. 
ate a burger in mcdonalds.... still hungry. 
Ate a few kinda bad things this weekend and is now seriously regretting it 
ate a lot today in serendra. pork ribs? java rice? tempura? hmm.. what else? idk anymore 
Ate a pot noodle for lunch.... guess its been so long since I had one that I pretty much forgot how rank they are... still hungry.... 
Ate a slice of processed cheese out of desperation 
ate a sweetchilli chicken wrap for lunch, trying to be healthy, but it doesn't taste like either of those things. should've got a kebab 
ate all the cookies in one go 
Ate and now studying again 
Ate at Alfred's on Beale Street and now headed back to hotel... But lost again.  http://myloc.me/4p9n
Ate at friscos. The burgers r bigger than i remmeber. The skirts r just as frustrating as i remmber. I got the green lolli pop. 
ate bad chinese food tonight 
ate bean and cheese dip and tacos for dinner... sleeping next to steve will be stinky 
Ate breakfast with Thijs, after seeing The Netherlands beat Iceland 1-2. now preparing for a huge working sunday afternoon 
ate chinese for lunch. panda express. not quite the same as habachi grill.  phoo eeey
Ate curry so fast  a shame
ate KFC chicken after jogging...  http://plurk.com/p/p6il1
ate lunch in the wrong order... should've done desert first! Now I don't have room.  lol
Ate lunch outside at Vancouver Convention Centre and didn't want to come back.  I made it though 
ate pizza and chicken wings. goodbye to my 5km run this morning. 
Ate Pizza, Played Zelda ( I really don't like this Version of the game   Watched a Marathon of X-Men Cartoons. Life is Good hahaha.
Ate so much bbq this wknd, I'm ready for AU BON PAIN! Gotta get fit, can't wait to go to the beach even if it is in NY and not mia 
Ate some bad roti, what a disappointment, and the Pens are losing. 
Ate some candy that sucked a filling right out of my tooth. Could my day get any worse? My poor phone 
Ate some good rabbit, drank some local Cretan beer, Mythos. Going back to the hotel to relax before the flight tomorrow morning. 
Ate something bad 
ate something wrong 
Ate something wrong. Now I am sick. 
Ate soooooooooooooo much, i feel like a cow.... gotta go workey now 
ate that pizza far to quick last night ouchhhhhh 
Ate three 250mg caffeine pills plus a Mountain Dew Live Wire a hour or two ago. Now the crash is starting in. 
Ate to much 
ate too many cookies 
Ate too many Oreos yesterday. Feel very sick today 
Ate too many peanut mandm's 
Ate too much 
ate too much  can't even watch food network.
Ate too much  no more food for the day.
ate too much at grad parties 
Ate too much chocolate now my stomach hurts 
ate too much for the late hour  i need to get some school work done.  (who'd have thought i would still be saying that)
Ate too much ice cream. 
ate too much last night 
Ate too much to fast and suffering for it now 
ate too much today  going to run for an hour while watching hana kimi.
Ate too much tonight.  My belly hurts 
Ate too much yummie food, I can't move anymore.. haha! Tummyache 
Ate too much! Feels like a glutton now 
ate waaaay too much food today.  now time for more movies-- bride wars and the uninvited w/ my faves (ate&amp;mikey).
ate waayyyy toooo much     fat's coming!
ate way too much.. 
Ate wayyy to many cheese n crackers now I think ima b sick! 
Ate wayyyy too much. Not feeling to good 
Athens friends-- the Georgia Theatre is on fire and burning to the ground 
atheros you web site sucks - i just want to download a driver   #atheros
AthFest's site is down  but luckily Whistlebury posted this a few days ago: http://bit.ly/D5GwB
Atl going to Australia makes me miss last summer so much, I love Australia I want to go back so badly 
atl nd some ppl are in malay. why dnt they give away an octodrive ? ok, still far frm here 
Atlantic City is so gloomy today 
Atlantis commercial! Aww my mom said we could go there instead of alaska this summer but now that i have school idk  #b0xxy
ATM card is not working so all I had for lunch was an apple and a cup of tea. Time to call the bank again 
Atomic wings @ Wing Stop. They messed me up this morning. TWICE!  Was late to work cause I had to make an emergency stop @ a gas station. 
ATRL is down again 
att workk  another 14 hour day
att workkk dyinggg to get the fxckkkkk outt 
Attack attack made my ears bleed, and non in that good, happy Metal way  http://bit.ly/ZBxiO
Attack attack made my ears bleed, and not in that good, happy Metal way  http://bit.ly/ZBxiO
Attacked by japanese cherry blossom...  and yay for mcdouble!
Attemping to sleep bcuz everyone else is, thus making me bored. 
attempt failed due to lack of phone fu 
attempt number 8...fail 
attempted dress shopping found one but as having fat day decided to take it back  what a div
Attempted to be grown up and do my own washing.. But has shrunk my fave top  x
Attempted to go running today. Discovered I'm a little/ a lot out of shape 
attemptin to study for this psy final 
attempting 2 catch zZz.. no success so far  wth
attempting and failing miserably to wrap fathers day presents. come help! please.. anyone 
Attempting sleep. Ouch tummy 
Attempting to apply for jobs, i hate applications  http://tinyurl.com/kqg9gf
Attempting to be healthy in a gaff like Frankie and Benny's is a nightmare 
attempting to buy a new iphone 3gs thru optus, not looking good though  http://ff.im/4pMLT
Attempting to change my location on Twitter to Tehran as prompted by @mishacollins. Gotta wait for home, though. Not doable via phone 
attempting to clean out my closet and bookshelf....i just realized i have way too many books...still can't see the bottom of my closet 
attempting to count the days till i return to canada...theres alot of them 
Attempting to do her Lit Crit 
attempting to dowload SIMS3... and failing 
attempting to download a few movies for my mom, running out to rent another one. my dad's watching green day on tv. they're following me 
Attempting to find Cameron on the Myspace/Facebook circuits and failing miserably. 
Attempting to finish amath and emath tuition homework. Tuitin at 7pm! Save meeee 
Attempting to fix bed but is too scared to go near my spider infested curtains 
Attempting to fix my once beautiful brows. God this burns  http://twitpic.com/687d7
Attempting to get all my pictures up. Connecting to Shutterfly hurts sometimes... 
Attempting to get out of bed not working 
Attempting to make a proper start on my Design Authorship and Ethical Design project. This is the 2nd time doing this project! 
Attempting to pack up my life  Can't believe uni is over forever!!!
attempting to start doing report cards.... meh 
Attempting to stay upright but have a pretty terrible attack of the shakes. Ridiculously heavy weekend fail 
Attempting to stop a monobrow from forming... Sneezing and crying my way through it though 
attempting to upload pics on facebook, but this comp and fb is being stupid 
attempting to write an essay on Scottish planning law - not fun at all and I'm missing the British sunshine 
Attempting to write my speech! 
attendance report and affiliation fees summary... bukas na agad due!  http://plurk.com/p/13qzxy
attended a parent workshop last night. guess what? the average time parents communicate DAILY with children w/o yelling is 57 seconds 
attended a welcoming night at son's new infant school last night; little man is  growing up too fast 
Attended an English workshop - What a waste! I am very disappointed in the standard the DOE presents lately 
attending #TechNet virtual conference today,if I can stay awake after another night (4 out of 4 this week) of #exchange callout problems 
Attending MeM2009 conference in London. Very boring so far 
Attention all dog owners do not let your dog eat a whole packet of nicorette chewing gum,nicotine=bad,xylitol=bad I hope we can save her 
Attention campers - regretfully yoga is cancelled for tomorrow 6/24   email chase@koifitness.com with questions - so sorry
attention everyone texting me, i WILL NOT be in LA tomorrow with @3oh3pfr for jimmy kimmel. i wish i was  but im going to mexico!
Attention iPhoners anticipating the 3.0 update today: It will NOT be out until tomorrow!  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
ATTENTION: I started the latest Twitter Scam. I'd like to take the time to apologize to all of Twitterverse, especially those affected. 
Attention: My phone is about to die 
attn dallas visitors: there are more things to do here than shop! jk I &lt;3 u seester. but not shopping marathons... 
ATTs 8900 looks better than mine!!!  I want it!
♦3 Let There Be Sims!! ♦3... waiting on my preordered game... probably wont be here til next week 
♫ But it's alright I don't give a damn I don't play your rules I make my own Tonight I'll do what I want Cuz I can.. back to work 2morrow 
♫Revolution In The Head Dont Count For Nothing ♫ Love GA &lt;3 ....Ooooo i like Twitter  Only Had It For Like Half An Hour! Raining  Bla
♥ @aprilyim -hmm. can you email them to me? i love his rendition of Lifehouse's You &amp; Me but i can't get it anywhere 
♥I am Sad♥  Bu...!!...XD
♪♪I really wish I could blame u but I know that it’s no one’s fault. Cinderella with no shoe, &amp; the prince that doesn’t know he’s lost.♪♪ 
Aubrey O' Day was once pretty. ONCE. Now she's hideous. So sad 
Auch! I burned my hands   http://twitpic.com/6qvnt
Auch! My eclipse installation is corrupt. all sorts of error messages. have to reinstall. 
Auch! My foot is brokeen!  i broke it in a cheers presentation! oh men that really sucks!!
auch... drop by 1  109. disqus.com
auch... drop by 1  48. webhostingtalk.com
auch... drop by 1  49. seoibiza.com
auch... drop by 1  63. webwoke.com
auch... drop by 1  71. kcbtours.com
auch... drop by 3  100. mybloglog.com
auch... drop by 3  103. badrss.com
auch... drop by 3  85. trytomakemoneyonline.com
auchh, drop by 1  (18)twitter.com
auchh, drop by 1  (29)buzzfeed.com
Auction Network does not do internships... Damnit.  
Audio: Thieves Like Us -Drugs in my Body drugs are bad  http://tumblr.com/x5n21r1za
audrey called me again, couldnt work out the song though 
Audrey i miss you 
Audrey kitching or T.I hmmmm i dont know 
Auf @concertonline das Manson-Material gescheckt http://bit.ly/pLiAg  Extr. uncool. @tape_tv bekannt? http://bit.ly/X8ShN
Auf dem Weg zum Fitness ... Muss wohl sein  and Gerrie, how do you like our new IPhone tools?
augghhh where's there an apple store in nyc, my clickpad is fucked up 
augh im so busy with my finals 
augh now i jus feel drunk and high all at da same time augh man.... 
Augh sinuses 
Augh stupid time of the month 
Augh, fever's gone up again. If I end up missing the WeHo clubbing tomorrow night, I am going to be pissed. Stupid boytoy gave me plague. 
Augh, forgot my iPod/hphones for iTunes. Today is going to be much less bearable without music 
Augh, I hate being a fucking pawn in this family. 
Augh. Why must all the fun social gatherings be on the weekend when I have a shitton of things to do? 
aughh... drop by 1  105. ardhindie.com
aughh... drop by 1  50. sulumitsretsambew.org
aughh... drop by 1  92. technorati.com
aughh... drop by 3  91. sulumitsretsambew-id.com
aughh... drop by 37  88. instablogs.com
aughh... drop by 5  86. evilscience.org
aughh... drop by 5  89. opera.com
August is 28 is 13 weeks away 
AUGUST OSAGE COUNTY to ClosE!?!?! June 28th 
auhh tired buhh i cant sleep.. got stuff on my mind 
Auld irisher was packed wit hoes but i was hurting babysitting a purse and hammered... 
aunt just went home.now i'm all alone in the living room 
auntie in hospital in intensive care.  hope she's okay
auntiegail says 'Today I am fed up, car failed mot, not getting it back till Monday  xxxx.'
aunties house, aww they all went home to vegas 
Aunt's bday, going to have lunch in a fancy restaurant o/ after that, math math math ; geography geography geography 
Aurora just had a MASSIVE vomit (3 actually). 2 on her bedroom carpet, 1 in the bathroom sink. She was very upset / distressed, poor kid 
aussies , aussies i wish I could go there 
Australia 0:1 日本 @ Half Time! 
Australia Axed Andrew SYMONDS . http://www.cricinfo.com/wt202009/content/current/story/407506.html .I feel one entertainer gone 
australia is very cold now we ausally very warm i dont like the cold 
Australian Govt is reportedly opposing workarounds for blind people to access copyright print material: http://bit.ly/3ZuDyE 
Austria loses to Denmark and is demoted  #iihfhockey
Austrilia &amp; Japan in August......no it needed to be in 2010 so I could go 
Authoritative bastards. 
Automata is beating the Lookouts.   Automata is cool, but I want more Lookouts.
autsch headache 
Auurgghh I feel like crap. My shoulder, arm, and leg ache. My stomach is upset. I feel weak. Blahhhh 
AUUUUGH I just spilt freezing water all over meeeee 
Auuuuuugh who am I kidding I will never fit into these jeans again 
AUUUUUUUUUUGHGHGHGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
Auwm i realized school tomorrow  kinda happy yet sad cause our sched. is so hectic!
auww.. i can't upload more photos 
av ad a realy gd day wiv Ciara Connolly at  park gate west kirby and new brighton.. fukin funny bt sunburnt.. luks like drivers arm 
ava gave my mom a welcome home present tonight  we had a good day with no puke till then
avast freezes  my explorer due to RPC error  (Resident scanner couldn't start) how can i solve this 
Avatar still not working 
AVCHD video w/ Final Cut Pro is a pain in the arse!  You have to keep the media on the chip to ingest. Otherwise Cineform or ? Anyone?
Aveda fail.  Horrrrrrible customer service and no haircut. I usually love it, but not today.
Avenged sevenfold; where did you go? Your first two cds are fantastic. However, my failing at the guitar hero comp will always haunt me 
average day, did bugger all. was meant to get my common tests back but nooooooooooo, teacher didnt give them back! 
Average download speed down from 59KB/s to 52KB/s.  That's -10%. Does the cold have any effect on attenuation? o_O Or prolly MyT sucks.
Avocets are ar RSPB Conwy, and an Osprey flew over this morning. Missed that  
avoiding all responsibility wishing i didn't have to work   - boooooooooo
avoiding work.... oh lunchbreak please come soon... 
Aw  dissapointed. Who the heck is Roxy anyways??
Aw  imma shed a tear. Because i am so bored. And getting cock blocked.
Aw  You could be a second wheel to me...if that makes sense?
aw @ patrick  don't die. wonder how matt feels now...asshole.
Aw @LoveAjaMay, its not gon be the same! 
Aw albert got an owie  go cardinals!
aw atl arent playing on monday 
aw babe! I miss you to!!  I'm in Hollywood atm, but i'll deffo come and see you next week, and take you shopping ;)
aw back to homeworking 
aw balls, I'm out if bread.  potstickers it is, then
aw boo, magic lost   they'll come back!
aw cant wait to see @JessSSW on tuesday, ive missed her so much  &lt;3
aw crap - no ice  
aw crap! why do i *always* forget about my work clothes until i'm getting ready for bed on a sunday night? 
aw crap.  forgot about my Dodgers (down 7-2).    can't win 'em all I guess.
Aw crap. I think my fish is on the verge of death.. It won't swim 
Aw crud looks like the tv mast for Dorchester has gone down  wish I had sky now...
Aw damn, eb games and wal-mart don't have it 
aw disappointment  here i am read and it smacked me in the face. the girl just had to say the word. the book is still good though.
aw everyone's walking in  sad moment.
aw finally ma mum gt me strepsils god ma throat reali hurtin 2day  !!!!
Aw found this old pic of me makes me miss my thick HEALTHY dark hair  stupid blonde sh*t ruined it  http://yfrog.com/7gljfj
aw have to go clean the hamster cage now 
aw have to go to wrk 40 mins  i now wanna go i wanna tweet !!!!
Aw hell. Just passed by a pizza place. Now I want pizza. 
aw hes crying  thats such a shame! he only had bloody 24 hours 
Aw I bought a cute sheet set for my bed but I didn't realise it was flannelette! Which means it gets all bumpy and gross 
aw i felt bad wen the bf had to give up his baby...[the palm pre] cuz it was only a demo.  dnt worry ull get it soon
Aw I forgot to take a picture of it and that's the last one I will ever eat because they discontinued it. 
Aw I had to come home 
aw i miss harry  !
Aw i miss u for real 
aw i never win anything 
aw i wish i could call Jonas Brothers SayNow. 
aw i'm sad about Alex leaving the band. i like him and he's really nice. i wonder if he's being replaced. 
aw it's gone now. 
aw it's that time of year again...when i dont get to speak to Frankie at least 2 times a week  who am i gonna drunk dial now?
Aw jon &amp; kate divorced today!  That's so sad for them and the kids. Jeeze i just started watchin the show today and now i'm addicted! Haha
aw juno was good, nearly made me cryy 
aw last Life Night is tonight 
Aw looks like I missed all of @YoungQ 's fun today 
aw ma baby boy isnt well  aw
aw man  im def NEVER going to forget this LA/OC getaway .. what a way to end the trip. &lt;3 t-minus 7 hours til I return to rainy chitown
aw man #rove is finished 
Aw man . . . I thought I was done throwing up   Dinner was great going down but not so great coming back up!
aw man :| i feel so ill and can not find baby wipes to take my makeup off ! i hate sleeping with it on  ... good morning sticky eyes !
aw man @kevinwchat I think I won't make it  I'll see if I can change things at work and go
aw man after hearing what i did abt you, you DO seem more creepy to me  leave me alone haha.
aw man back to the real world 
Aw man I missed the mid day mix 
Aw man that story was so sad 
aw man! Conrad's already out of this place.  anywho, mama's gonna go by some dinner, so that means NO COOKING! YES!  2 vids to upload 
Aw man! Etsy's down for maintenance! 
Aw man! I woke up to a frozen computer and broken internets. Today seems like it's not my day. 
aw man!!! i missed Terry aka @BlueLightTech on @AC_1's radio show today!  
AW MAN, i coulda been out with sayg the whole day. i just had to sleep throughout the day. 
Aw man, I missed the chat  Oh well...
Aw man, i really miss my lil sis and bro. 
Aw man, why do I gotta be such an idiot sometimes? 
Aw man.  Nostalgia for S3 is over 9000. This season is just not as good.
Aw man. I just learned Bob Bogle of the Ventures passed away the other day. 
Aw man. I lost a follower.  but oh well. Ill live. Thank you for continuing to follow me! Yall are awesome!
Aw man. My hands are bleeding for too much cleaning. 
Aw man... CPR training this afternoon... Boooo 
Aw man... I have ADD bad lol I can't even concentrate on this movie. 
aw mis ultimos &quot;pshts&quot; de mi touch of pink 
aw monica left  gonna watch harry potter with paula!
aw my friend audrey wants me to come play beer pong with people at her house but...I'm already in pjs and feeling sick. such bad timing 
Aw my girlfriend came over crying because of the news.   
Aw my July 1st &quot;off day&quot; isn't going to work after all.  I have to make it July 2nd or 3rd.
aw my left eye hurts  and watching gilmore girls while being in pain ^^
aw no  uh..why don't you sneakily or whatever lol..uh..push someone off of a seat? thats what i would do..lol  yay! 
aw no there isnt 
aw no! they retired BSB's concert from their requested concerts list  http://www.hd.net/concertrequests.html
Aw nooo! Now I'm tired again!! Boo 
aw nooo....my fav model @kaliyahpjones twitter is sick  she needs to get her barbie ass on to fix it! lol
Aw poo (for us, anyway). Philly Songwriters competition is sold out.  
Aw poo! Just got around to unpacking the french press I bought a couple weeks ago and it's broken. 
Aw poor aidan was crying 
aw poor earl the bunny 
Aw poor Mr. Lauricella, he'll be truely missed. 
Aw postsecret 
Aw R.I.P Good Books 
aw RIP Farrah Fawcett. what a beautiful woman. Praying for her family, especially her dad 
aw shit man. i was thinking bout @rickyftw and forgot how much i missed him and how he's across the country rn. 
Aw shit! I forgot about the ghosts in my house! I'm screwed for the night. 
aw shucks just heard chelsea won #facup 2 - 1 chelsea - everton  why can't the little guy win for once
aw so sweet froz yogey on a frozenass day. . .@Shaboobie &amp; @suupkamo, yall wanna get scooped up? bamfs minus you 2 righ now! 
Aw sorry to hear huni  least she in a better place..awk just everything pure bleh :-| Aww are all of ur lot up there  ? :-| ?
Aw stavros flatly cant win  gutted!
Aw that girl that did the robot dance got kicked off  I still love that they're using 'Already Gone' for the kick off I. Love. That. Song.
aw that wee lassie made me cry  tears streamin doon ma face lol thats a wee shame x
aw the last Tonight Show was so sad  haha
Aw the sun has gone 
Aw the video's not working  oh well, I'm watching Howls Moving Castle ^^
Aw those yankees! Come on rangers. 
Aw too far 
AW TWIT! IT'S SO HOT HERE! EVEN INSIDE THE HOUSE! 
Aw TWO ppl died in the same ep 
Aw two sheep are in the field. There scared of me. 
aw whit i only have a gb left on my 16gb ipod 
Aw you know what's sad/funny? - I remember when JFKennedy lost his virginity  We�ve been friends for TOO... http://tumblr.com/xza1vnifl
Aw you're gone. 
AW! I almost do my work! I believe that I´ll need more hours 
Aw! Quit it! We're a couple of saddies this evening. It's disgusting! 
Aw! Thats gay 
aw! those poor people  I wonder what the ACTUAL probability of winning it is....
aw, 48 hours left of fun  but weekend has been fun so far  currently reading: Jennifer's Body Script
Aw, all my massive play counts are gone 
aw, becky is sad. 
aw, but it seems he hasn't been posting in like forever.  I can't believe it!
Aw, Camp Rock's ending na on Disney now. 
Aw, damn it. Bedtime. I know y'all are gonna miss me somethin fierce, but I gotta go. Sorry. 
Aw, he's gone.  but he'll be back for me in the morning...can life get any better? &lt;3
Aw, how sad I just found out that Ed McMahon died  I grew up watching Star Search every Sat. night.
aw, I hate seeing people so upset..... 
aw, i missed pokemon 
aw, i really need to get my act together and watch the BB launch that i recorded. i so cba ! i really wanna see it 
aw, i want a cute emo boyfriend who'll sing emo loves songs to me all night long. LMFAO.. i'm serious. 
aw, i'm watching an episode of angel where lorne sings. andy... 
Aw, it hates referral links. 
aw, it wasn't me today  - #squarespace is giving away 30 iphones in 30 days here: http://www.squarespace.com/
aw, it's away.  but I took a screenshot. xx
Aw, just lost two followers. How sad 
Aw, man! I missed Larry King Live with the Jonas Brothers.. 
Aw, man. Just as I'm about to leave the house, the sky opens and dumps the Atlantic Ocean on us. I don't wanna go out in that. 
Aw, Natasha Richardson 
Aw, not going to Toronto anymore. 
aw, old MCR. &quot;I miss you, so far...&quot; I miss my brothers 
Aw, Penny, don't give away your birthday cake   http://tinyurl.com/oe7cns #drhorrible #comics
aw, poor rob  hope he's okay.
aw, sad... I'm not an instant winner for the ascend thing... no laptop or ipod touch for me 
Aw, Sanjaya got emilinated.  I loved him.
Aw, snap - looks like rain for the ride home 
Aw, that's really sad  I thought I've been updating Twitter from my phone but it hasn't been going through...
aw, the plane dissappeared 
Aw, there's something wrong with keel tequila 
Aw, this movie is so sad 
Aw, Uncle Jon, Jenny, and Audrey are leaving tomorrow 
aw, wish i was on the line to the kooks' gig tonight  can't belive i'm not going
Aw, woken up with headache 
Aw. Dane  next year you owe us @danecook xo-sheez
Aw. It failed  no tacos tonight.
aw. i've got a bad cough. 
aw. just found out about Gary Papa  he faught a tough battle
Aw. My snickerdoodle has gone cold. 
Aw. One of my favorite shirts got ruined in the wash 
Aw. RIP Tracktion. You will be missed.. 
Aw. So close. Poor Trish... 
Aw. Torn ace of hearts  #Hunchback
Aw. You couldn't hear Constantine over Amy's sharpness tonight.  Great energy from the performance, though! #Tonys
aw..  im so crying right now.. aw..
Aw.. Cappy is sad 
aw... why can't I see my photo? 
Aw......... I guess nobody cares about me then... 
Aw...Vancouver doesnt have to be so bitchy. I hate it when people don't accept compliments. 
Awaaaakkkeee. And fuckin tired still. I wanna go back to sleeep.  damn this body for not letting me!
Awah I losted a follower 
awai will finish werk ard 730am and by den ill be at werk already.  if everythin goes well later tdy i'll rush hm n play with dian.
Awaiting Air Death plane in Edinburgh. Last can of irn bru for two weeks  this is Marnie  http://yfrog.com/4wp56j
awaiting anxiously for my Cali sun! no more June gloom 
Awaiting my poor philosophy exam grade... 
awaiting the F1 race! no candy left though 
Awaiting the final death 
Awake  and getting some more contacts on myspace.
Awake  Off to work I go.
awake  sick tired
Awake  why????
awake &amp; eating b-fast. I'm off bread &amp; fruit for the next 3-4 days but already sick of eggs. 
Awake &amp; ready to enjoy the day! Dreading another full time work week startign tomorrow 
Awake -.- i cant sleep with him not thinking about  me 
awake ... everyone else is still sleeping including my dog 
Awake ... Getting ready for work  I hope no one calls in today ...
Awake again , I give up , I'm going to ready for today 
Awake already  Still in bed tho, but I need to sneak out to get a Father's Day card. In a bit tho I reckon!
awake already  still very speepy  the damn dog kept being an ass fucking hole all goddamn night - FUCK!
Awake and  in pain  bowling tonight ;)
Awake and can't go back to sleep...  this might make for a long day tomorrow
Awake and feel like my heads gonna explode 
awake and feeling ill  June 1st New Insurance, but no insurance card. What up wit dat?
Awake and getting ready for another day at work! 
Awake and miserable...can't stop coughin...a cherry popsicle just didn't help at all...I just wanna go home...  
Awake and rdy to head to Roanoke...  I'm missing @Damandajoy 
Awake and watching rerun of big brother this morning, can't stand virgin SHREE,thinking of what to have for breakfast? 
awake and wondering what I can eat that won't have me bleeding again.  I need something more substantial than jello!! 
awake at 3:00 had about 2 hours sleep.... complete gayness 
Awake at 4.30, again awake in the middle of the night 
awake at 5am again. 
Awake at 5am. Fun! Not! 
awake at 6:15AM�sunday  ready for F1 grand prix at 9am...
awake at 6am with Xander..did dishes..baby went back to sleep and so did I! slept till 10 and...am still sick 
Awake at 7:00 am  fml
Awake at the crack of dawn as normal 
awake awake awake  stupid wedding thingy today ¬_¬  x
Awake before the boy, as per. He's banned me from Bejeweled 
Awake but can't drag my butt out of bed! I'm so tired from the wedding and yes I'm still crying because my beloved camera broke! Boo hoo! 
awake but have 'orrible taste in mouth + hedache  -I'll grab something for that in a mo
AWAKE but if i go shower, as usual, i'll probably get in someone's way 
Awake but not feeling too great. 
awake but ready to go backk to sleep, ugh my hair stylist isnt working today 
Awake but sick. Not going in this morning- hopefully I'll feel better by lunchtime so I can work a half day at least... 
awake early this morning...  plan to catchup on some blog reading before the rest of the house wakes up
awake extra early for no reason &amp; i can't go back to sleep 
awake far too early, cuz Im sick  *sniffles and coughs*
awake from an effing charlie horse! note: eat a banana tomorrow. I can't walk 
Awake from the storm  Love the sound if the rain and thunder though.
Awake in body but not in mind 
awake lalala. probably going to school today even though i'm still sick. 
awake now  sleep = bad when u have overcooked yourself!
Awake now, leaving at 10 for the pool hall. We are playing from noon until like 10PM, then again tomorrow if we win two today. Smokey bar 
Awake now... feels like shit from last night 
awake since 4.30  running at 6.15 ... so tired ...
Awake super early to go run...and my running mate totally forgot about me 
awake talking to developer in India 
Awake to do laundry before my long day ahead.  Hungry, but no cereal or eggs  How can I make breakfast w/o eggs?
Awake too early for a sunday, thats being sick for you 
awake too early, again.  stupid work.
Awake unfortunatly  i have a feeling my day is gonna suck im pissed already
awake unfortunetly...picking up my brothers for their pictures sometime before 430..with i could see my baby today  cells good
Awake way too early. I want to go back to sleep 
AWAKE with 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 things to do 
awake with a sick little guy.  
Awake with headache  Prob caused by weird dream. Why did ex-boyfriend have ex-husband's dad &amp; why was kitchen full of filthy cutlery?!
Awake with jet lag 
Awake woke up at 7.15 too early back to sleep, woke up at 8.15 still too early but i had to get up 
Awake! Far too early but had a horrible dream 
Awake!!! Funeral today,  saddddd
Awake, about to reheel boots, get essay, buy shampoo. Parents' flight ended up being cancelled, so they are not in Prague 
AWAKE, although I should be sleep. Off to work in a couple of hours 
awake, but barely. i would so much rather be still snuggled up in bed with the kitty than getting ready for another annoying day of work 
awake, cant fall asleep.... 
Awake, my bladder is full, and my tummy is empty. I don't want to go to work.  save me?
awake, not by choice, and im ab to start studying... too bad econ didnt take the week off 
awake, thinking about exercising, 
Awake.  Getting ready for work and being tired.  My stomach is feeling a bit better, but it still hurts quite a bit.  
Awake. Am definitely going back to sleep soon. Bedroom is cave-like again. Can't resist it. Alex is going to turn the light on thought. 
awake. and in a slightly better mood than yesterday, but not by much. more math. 
Awake. Bored. Still depressed @mileycyrus isn't coming to Newcastle 
Awake. Either my brake caliper is jacked or a rim is bent. Regardless I don't get to drive to ATL to see @tbsnewagain tonight  #sobummed
awake. finally. tired and sore from last night and my throat/voice is not the best. but it was more than worth it. i miss colt already 
Awake. Got woke up by phone  RUDE!
awake. Headed to chicago in a few with ashley for american idol registration. I'm too sleepy 
awake. hungover. hungry. sad  I guess another day is starting
awake. i feel so unproductive when i'm up this late 
Awake. I'm hot already! Lookalike itsgonna be a busy lonely day at Currys. 
Awake. I've got 2 regents today! I won't be home until late  oh weekend how I miss you so.. Hahah.
Awake. Nice and early on a Sunday morning. Thanks to my child who wants to be an alarm clock when she grows up. Keep up the good work. 
Awake. sooooo tired cuz I was up all night. Fuck not being able to sleep 
awake. still sore  snuggling with maemae for a lil' before getting up.
Awake. Waiting for the water guy. Blahhh 
awake. wishing someone would text me 
awake.. headed to work.. still stressin over this stupidass computer. shxt has me goin broke n I aint even get paid yet man..  hopefully..
awake.. I'm totally bored... 
Awake... can't sleep anymore! But now I have to work on my exercise for practical training! Aroud 4 pages on computer 
Awake... I have to drive back from beach for work  
Awake... Wondering... What am I doing? Seriously... It's like I don't have a heart anymore... 
Awake.... Real shocker there ... 
Awake....I wanna record...but I busted a speaker  I'll record later...
Awaken by my sister. Rrrrgh gotta do my history task. Yes,history again 
Awakened by a berry mass convo with 123456 random people complaining!!!! My precious sleep  noooo
Awakened by scary, horrible nightmares again. 2nd time in a week  I'm not sure what's causing them but I don't like it...
Awakened this morning in a state of very bad stomachache. Should I still  attend the stock simulation today? 
Award ceremonies are long! 
away for a shower, a rest then back to work  tomorrow - first sleep in ages @laura_crane, @lynzee i lovee youuusss xxxxx
Away from home for a couple days.  sad and gonna miss everyone!  love you all.
Away from my babies for a week and supposed to get home today just after dinnertime. 2 hour flight delay means I'll miss bedtime. Argh! 
Away out again  tweet later ... today proves my beliefs .... If there was a god wdnt do this to me!
Away to buy a suit for prom...I REALLY need a job 
away to do the papers  not a great day for sitting in the car
Away to find something to eat for breakfast  Since no one seems to be making me breakfast in bed 
away to work  bye guys
Awe  give her a kiss for me.... Tell her sissy will see her tom.
Awe  I know toronto and montreal both sold out. The floor tickets where sold out but I got 2nd row seats so I'm happy!
Awe  one of my fish died. I Got Fred still tho.     :-} ThReE11FaN :-}
Awe gonna miss madeline while I'm gone  http://twitpic.com/7lkp8
Awe i miss will ferrel on snl 
Awe its raining. I need someone to kiss in the pain. 
Awe Lauren leaves The Hills tonight  She was my fav Hills girl  * tear*
Awe MAN!!!  Attack of the show is not on tonight.  
Awe Mo...I still love you!! Makin me sad 
Awe my new cute shoes are too big size 8 
Awe shiiiiiiiiiiiit! Chente got dem killahzzzz............! 
Awe shoot, Maniers get a doulble steal and leave the runners stranded 
Awe the lost 2-8 
Awe the pup is crying. I wanna let it sleep on the bed so it won't cry but I don't wanna start it off on bad habits. 
Awe yestersay was the 2nd anniversary of my grandpas death  i misd him so much
Awe, something is wrong with this bird   http://twitpic.com/6dfbp
Awe.  Ed McMahon died.  So sad.  
Awe.  you okay.
Awe... I forgot to wear my hooker wear  oh well i can always dance on the stage! LMAO
Awe..it was an old lady 
awee &quot;SNL remembers chris farley&quot; is on right now  that man is a comic genius and he should still be alive today.
Awee he losttt  oh wells, he still has time to take hannah(:
awee it's my last day everr in a uniformm 
aweee  people actually did unsubscribe to fred.. that's mean.
Aweee I missed &quot;Lie To Me&quot;  Looks like I'm going to have to rely on Hulu for my Tim Roth sexy sexy fix. Is anybody else watching this  ...
aweeee, 42 little kids died  (2-4 years old)
aweeehhh; i love sweet home alabama. i need a boyfriend  haha, not to sound pathetic or anything....
AWEMANNN I wanna watch Cobra Starship on the new Alexa Chung show! Why do I have to be stuck in a car for seven hours? 
awesome Britains got talent is over  now what can I waste away while watching ?!
Awesome British Airways guy didn't charge me for my bag being 4kg over. Then security decided they had to swab EVERYTHING in my rucksack 
Awesome cruise and NYC visit     Wish I never had to leave 
Awesome day and beautiful wedding. bride &amp; groom walked into reception waving pens towels &amp; chants of lets go pens, sadly, it didnt help 
awesome day iceskating didnt stack!=D but i went for a run up hug from karlee &amp; we fell &amp; i hit the back of my head on the concrete! ouch 
awesome day in the sun and fighting off daddy long legs and facebook farms haha  sad katy perry is postponed till august though 
Awesome dream but I wish it was real. 
Awesome FIFA soccer going on...just wish it wasn't while I'm at work  Go Italia!!
awesome i just ruined all my white clothes i never remember to separate 
awesome lunch with my fellow Pathways graduates... last time that i'll see them 
Awesome prices, but they hardly have anything in my size   &lt;/ AaaJaayRADD \&gt;
Awesome show tonight. Were trying to find FOOD but no luck so far  my tummys grumbling!
Awesome summer ball, shame about the rain! 
Awesome time at Katie's grad party! Heading back to NY now 
Awesome weekend! Just wish there was more dancing involved.. need more dancing friends 
Awesome weekend. Am buggered as shit now. Got so much stuff to catch up on. For now, need sleep so badly. It's weird sleeping alone again 
awesome!  fell on my hip again 
Awesome, an old lady drove into our new car while it was parked - only 500 miles on it and a smashed fender 
awesome, i annoyed the boyfriend cause i was rambling about the CD 
awesome, it's the most beautiful saturday of the year and i'm stuck working and packing at home. 
awesome, un neeeeeeeeded drama,  upset and feverish right now.
Awesome, woke up with a fever. 
Awesome. 1100 dollars to fix my car.  I should just get a new car....
Awesome. My car wont start again. Stranded at kenmore 
Awfi shite 
awful about the Air France plane 
awful awful days 
awful day at work 
awful day at work so far..... i hope it gets better 
Awful dream that u had a brain tumor now woke with an awful headache 
Awful night of sleep. And poor ziv has jury duty this morn 
Awful pain in my lower back this morning  at least I've got nothing to do today
Awful run tonight.  The heat is getting to me 
Awful two levels. 14k, very short, runnin very very bad.  I really hope it turns around!!!! 90 left, 24 pay
Awful Weather! 
Awfully chilly today. That's summer in Britain for you. 
awggahhh. My tooth really hurtssss. 
Awh  can't bake..not enough eggs
awh ; its over  I love that show (:
Awh @thedollyrockers were on tonight. Missed them. Gutted.  x
Awh i was having a great time outdoors today then i got rained out  what i shut down. Oh well tomorrow is another day.... hopefully!
Awh ma nephew jus told me his eyes watering cus he misses PaPa (Ma DaDDY)!  awh I miss Him ToOo..he's the BEST DaDDY ever!!
awh my hairs gone blonder today  I think imma need to wear a hat or something to stop stupid sun changing my hair colour 
Awh saddest part of D3 is on 
awh the jonas brothers youtube account was suspended....BOO YOUTUBE! 
awh!!! i had a picture and idk what happened to it TWITTER IS GAY I HATE YOU 
awh!great! Fee waiver denied  Now I have to pay fifty-five bucks, Just my luck!
Awh, this guy just missed the 31  he looked so sad. Dont you hate it when you miss your bus?
awh, this isnt gonna work out is it 
awh, wow model viewer hasn't been updated with s6 gear 
Awh,I won't get to see @missjeffreestar's show tomorrow,it's cancelled 
Awhh my belly hurt 
awhh, he left me (?) he really WAS the only reason i was still on facebook 
awhh.   going home from Vegas. :'(      but im going back in June
awhh..selenas gone.  @julieshibazaki we never got to see her... D:
Awhhh sounds fun!!! Wish is didnnt live all the way over here in Yakima, Washington 
Awhhh, Know Wayy!! I Just Burnt My Toast It Was The Last Piece Of Bread Aswell! 
awk it aint demi lovato i just checked 
Awkward and uniqe night at the pub. Redstar showed up, thought I would never see her again. I think I'm happy. Will miss her 
Awkwardness is SO annoying... After nearly 5-years, you still have the ability to make me feel 2-inches tall! I GIVE UP 
awlll i miss my brother  he left me for cali hmph
Awoke at 11:11, Regina hath blessed this day. Now I must buy Mr Muscle- cleaning day 
Awoke this morning at 3:30 a.m. to the sound of our dog throwing up!    Been awake ever since.  She seems to be better now! 
awoken at 4:30am due to chronic pain 
Awoken by obnoxious teenage neighbors at 3am. I am SO tired! I might just miss my morning Buzz today.. NO!! . I need a nap! 
awts! my left thumb hurts....mmm... 
awtz. just found out mom's gonna be gone for a week. 
Aww   Well, i've only seen about 10 minutes of it and i've already ooh'd and aah'd plenty lol.
Aww  i haz a sad. my friend stuey just moved out, and i spent ages in kate's room watching her pack (she's going tomorrow)
aww  I want tim-tams!
aww  i was reminded that i was once their eva to their wall-e  
Aww  Im Sorry My Lap Top Died On Me..
aww  realized harry potter comes out while i'm gone on my first vacation 
aww  sad show
aww  well, at least you got to go to her concert! buti want to meet her sooooooo bad  where did you find the info?
aww  why walk out?
Aww  you didn't make plans for this weekend?
aww .. so sad .. i have no load for today .. 
aww .. still busy preparing for tomorrow's party .. i'm kinda tired already .. 
aww @danivaffan ! I'll rescue you ASAP! I'll be there june 12? too long huh 
aww 60 minutes is soo sad 
aww a shame 
aww amy is all grown up 
aww anna i'm sorry  if u need me i'm here.
aww another sad report   .....U.S. fantasy writer David Eddings dies at 77
aww BGT! that's it for another year. 
aww birthday over  but the party still on 
Aww c'mon Twitter! Lift your game! http://status.twitter.com says you fixed it and site is back - but still no API joy 
Aww crap, I just realised they're compile-time strings and don't ship with each version 
Aww crap..&gt; David Carradine has passed...  
aww damn my sweets finished 
Aww Damn! I would have came home if i would have known.  @kyladreamsmusic
aww dang, june 5th was national doughnut day! and i missed it! 
aww david cook's brother passed away from brain cancer  wishing you the best, david!
aww down 4 maintence not good that makes me a sad panda 
aww dude.. no fair. i thought that was the point of this thing 
Aww Eminem Im disappointed. Id have thought you'd be much more cool than that 
aww eric is leaving  it was nice getting to see him again though
Aww gyms not open on public holidays 
Aww Hannahs gone  miss you  BEEBZ *Duece Nickel Tre*
Aww Hanson's &quot;With You in Your Dreams&quot; came on - and now I'm bawling.  I miss my baby, Mini. :'(
aww have they still not found the Air France flight. That's so sad 
Aww Heath Ledger  TayHO
aww he's gutted!!!! didnt want either to go 
Aww Holly Steel ... Dont cry 
aww honey 
aww http://twitpic.com/34k9b i miss this lil guy  they grow up so fast!
Aww I burned my tounge on my dinner :'( I think they should invent tounge plasters cause I can't put one on 
aww i can't believe that wee girl on bgt was crying, it was so sad 
Aww I dont think Ill last until Monday. I wanna see Terrence now...  I miss that kid. I guess Ill have to bother other people til hes home
aww i just read the story about miley's brother, it's sad 
aww i just realized that bcuz of tonite im gonna miss the bachelorette  can someone could plz direct message me who goes home??
aww i love halfwit 
Aww I may have to give my free ticket to see Adam Buxton in his new sitcom away cos of work experience  Nooooo!
aww I miss @michellezink @kamigarcia and @mstohl     sad weekend without them 
Aww I miss being in the kids choir  I used to sing in all the sections. Soprano, Alto, AND tenor...WHAT! Lol&lt;3
Aww I miss the days of ditching school just to go thrift store shopping.  Wish I could do that with work 
Aww i missed it 
Aww I missed the cookie dough eating on Friday  
Aww i misshyoo2  Lol that reminds me of our hug haha.
aww i think I've worked out whats making me sick - coffeee 
aww i wanna talk to @haleyjefferies so bad 
Aww I want Nokia E series/Samsung Omnia  Or a blackberry !!!
Aww i want...to watch transformers 
Aww i was doing well on the homework but now im stuck.  lmao
aww im a stick in the mud! 
Aww I'm broke now  sadness!!!
aww I'm broke this week! No more shopping for me, no more packages in the mail!  How can I get freebies? lol!
Aww i'm looking at my old locker for the last time  it says &quot;higgins: i hung out with you in the fifth grade&quot; haha
Aww is this the last episode with Vanilla and Chocolate bear? 
Aww it's closed  @kalilahtwitts
aww its finnished  how hot is danny jones and dougie poynter ? (6).
aww it's gettin cloudy now 
aww its gone. live long and prosper #ohnotheydidnt 
Aww its my Nanas song 
Aww it's over 
Aww it's pouring rain, I guess there will be no First Friday for me. 
aww its raining and cold out  still laying in my bed lolz
aww ive ripped my trousers 
aww johnathon cook is in nashville today  i would so go find him if i could drive!
aww josefine went to bed and im alonnnnee  that vodka over there better watch out.
aww Jubei'Thos is down till 8pm my time 
aww just found out they had disco night at s4...  wheres all the gays? why didnt you all say something! we cld have rounded up to go
aww just thinking about my life !! what a terrible monday today it was 
Aww Logan got called in 
Aww maa boo not feelin 2 well 
aww maaan. im missing connor oberst though on july 4 
Aww maaannn....I'm all sorts of jacked up today.  My arms, my knees. But..anyway...LETS GO PENS!!!
aww man Carion got evicted! 
Aww man I wish it used twitpic not uberpic  oh well at least it posted a picture
Aww man i'm gonna have one dull saturday  i'm staying in, cause if I go out I will spend money lol
aww man i'm gonna have to miss @IamSpectacular freak hour today cause my laptop with dead on 
aww man just saw ep 5 of skins fckin sid! he just needed to open his eyes.  ugh i wish we could use the net at work. anyways. im out
AWW MAN MY G-MA N G-PA FROM LOUISIANA CAN'T COME TO MY GRADUATION SATURDAY  I WORKED FUCKIN HARD TO GRADUATE WITH HONORS DAMMIT!!!!!!!
Aww man Twitter stole my pic! Where did it go? @MISSNINA12 how do I get it back  I know u were a victim before
aww man! Ed McMahon died this morning!  http://bit.ly/WNX2I  (register to post to the forum!) xxx
Aww man! The Space Shuttle Endeavour launch was scrubbed again. 
aww man, dad's friend just rang from abu dhabi, hes made me miss abu dhabi even more now! -.- i wanna go back! 
aww man, I just found out @SilverMtnResort was having a photo contest  http://tr.im/oBO4 - only to realize I was to late to enter 
Aww man, i still got my lil mans room to unpack . . . N here i thought i was done seeing boxes!  *~NiCi~*
Aww man, yet another party last night,..I miss new jersey!!  so anyone up to anything today?!?
Aww man. @Wired arrived. How-To Guide-less 
Aww man.. It's raining already! I guess I got to go off the net already 
Aww man... At this rate the finals is going to be Lakers vs Cavs... Maybe next year King James 
Aww man...TweetDeck is already down to 15/100 requests left...and it doesn't reset for another half-hour 
Aww mang a hour away from hom in long island eating kfc, cuz the caitering people forgot to bring my order! 
aww mann, my i-pod ear phones just bummed out. damm u apple!!! 
Aww might not go now super annoyed 
aww millie needs to go visit the vet later poor cat 
aww moose's twitter made me like this---&gt;  he seems sad,well just a few more things 2 pack in da mornin&amp;den i leave 4 L.A.ima miss marco:[
Aww my baby is busy at work  i miss him &lt;3
aww my best friend loves me, shes taking off now  half of me is gone wit her
aww my brother just made me dinner... i wish i could cook every time i try it just doesn't taste right 
Aww my brother's doggie started her period 
Aww my doggies just had to get their shots  haha
aww my flowers are alredy dead that i picked last night :'( and im sposed 2 keep them forever  dunt think... http://tinyurl.com/lu4xgb
aww my friend just called and said that she got a better job so she won't be working with me anymore 
Aww My Girl is on! I always cry at the bit when the home alone kid dies 
Aww my last day off work and its pouring from the heavens! 
Aww my little bro has chicken pox, my heart goes out to him 
aww my phone is dead.. 
Aww my poor fishy is dying 
Aww my poor puppy.  I miss him
aww my sched will be tight starting next week 
aww no im so tired! i dont think ill be making it to the movies 2night 
Aww no ones twiiting 
Aww nobody likes the album I posted after a million attempts  Boohoo
aww one of the lil chicks just yawned, they will be going home tomorrow 
aww only 15minutes left of family guy 
Aww oprah has rescued dogs or her show.There was 90 locked away in 2x2 cages 
Aww poo, I refreshed my twitter too much 
aww poop, i wish i had a link cable so i could beat rebena te ra on ffcc 
aww poor andy's face hurts,..  haha
aww poor Nick he messed up  http://bit.ly/4pZ1Vo
aww posting all this random crap reminds me of my NOLA twittering 
Aww puppies! 
Aww scrubs final 
Aww sean is gonee 
Aww seeing Conan run across country just made me a little sad! Come back Conan!! 
Aww she broke her tiara  but she loooved her dora vanity!
aww sheeeet Dentist in the morning 
aww shes gone now 
aww shucks! i wanted to rent shopaholic now! but i guess it aint out today yet! @breindwl   annoyed 2 arnt ya!!
Aww sister time, finally patty comes! Savannah stole my princess necklace 
AWW STOP IT UR GNNA MAKE ME CRY ... 
aww thanks @Ms_Doy.... but its getting here.. 
aww that sucks!    damn
Aww that's sad 
aww thats sad @PegasusAngel   #SanctuarySunday
aww thaught it would be a good day today  xx
aww the download for os 3.0 timed out  who else is getting this? #iphone
Aww the little girl on Britain's Got Talent!  I actually love Ant n Dec!  Oh an' Simon Cowell. ;)
Aww the pabst at whiskey thieves is in a can tonight.  #fb
aww the poor guy got 0 girls on taken out. I feel so bad for him  awwww
Aww there walking away and after about 20 minutes of crying the woman finally waps out a hanky. Better see what's on tv 
Aww there's a little cut in my finger and it's effing painful 
Aww there's no internettt hereee  everyone has iphones lol
aww this food is takin sooo long to come  !
aww this song makes me sad 
Aww this time last week I was cuddling up with Luke watching tele  I miss you xxxxxx
aww tumblr changed their log in page. i enjoyed the oversized log in font 
Aww u gotta wake ur brother up. How cute! And iggy was totally being mean to me for no reason  what a jerk!
aww watching 10 things i hate about you makes me miss heath ledger 
Aww wave goodbye to the beach 
Aww what?! Discovery haven't re-voiced How It's Made 
Aww When Love Is Gone is playing on shuffle 
Aww where the sun go 
Aww Yao Ming!  I really hope the Rockets do well against the Lakers.
aww you cavs. i just found out. 
Aww! Dont say that. 
aww! god bless you david cook! i'm so sorry about your brother!!!  this has kinda brought me to reality, due to a personal experience.
Aww! Movie plans seem ruined!  Karmas a bitch! ;p
aww! so close with Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson (kiss).. ugh i wanted them to kiss  -_-
Aww! Someones dog got hit and we had to drive around it when the people were trying to figure out what to do 
Aww! The points I won during the gameshow don't count in the Beta  I would have had 400 MS points for being a smarty tonight. *tear*
Aww!! My little one woke up on the floor  hahhaa!
aww, all the pokemons are fighting... 
Aww, Cena Did Win The WWE Championship Or The 10 Man Battle Royal! 
aww, em not feeling well 
Aww, Emily keeps running into the corner of the counter. 
aww, Genie got bit by one of the more aggressive cats in the shelter this week  Happily though, I have been approved to adopt her!
Aww, I missed my 2,000 update  Oh well, happy 2,001 update to me! 
Aww, I refreshed my phone browser and #robotpickuplines isn't number one anymore. It was fun while it lasted 
Aww, I was really rooting for the shutout.  Still an absolutely awesome performance by Lester. #redsox
Aww, I wish I could go to school today cause I love this kind of weather 
Aww, I'm parked by this butcher shop and there is a 'deer drop off'  that makes me sad.
Aww, it's Jay Leno's last The Tonight Show. 
Aww, it's lovely outside, however there is too much homework to be done to go out! 
AWW, JONATHAN!  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/uk9ao
aww, kay's doing the countdown too!  but i'm lookin at the big pic with school, no where even close to done!    i want my summer...
aww, man...oh, well - had to work friday anyway 
Aww, morris is scared.  poor doggy-woggy.
aww, my favorite antm model of cycle 12 (Fo) just got booted off.  Now only the ugly ones are left.
Aww, my Flight Control stats were lost when I upgraded to my 3G S. Guess I'll just have to go make new high scores. 
Aww, no iPhone for me  wah wah wah. Ok #squarespace step it up. I expect to be winner number 10 !! Oh, gratz to jasonmarkjones!
Aww, no more Star Wars  But now there is Doom! Yes, cheesy but mmmm, Karl Urban.
Aww, not coming until Winter 2009 
Aww, only the super awesome @Airborne_Toxic Event vid for Sometime Around Midnight is on iTunes. Not the whole album  huwwy up Apple!
aww, poor scooby  i hate having to put him back in his crate so early..
Aww, sorry you had a hard night Heartzi 
Aww, the batteries on my flashing birthday badge are dying 
aww, the weekend is over?  poopies.
Aww, there's an old guy crying on the news. He fought at Normandy. 
Aww, twilight peeps one. 
aww, twitter will be down soon 
aww, u dirty boo @sincerelysoya  how u gonna spot me in tha trap aka plat 21 and NOT say wussup!? ....(Rick james voice) **Cold Blooded**
Aww, watching all my youtube videos from senior year 
aww, when did daxflame stop making videos? 
aww,he didn't reply it 
Aww. Had a good time with my old NYC roommate! Miss her already! 
Aww. I feel so depressed right now 
Aww. I missed another chance of getting a reply from @ddlovato  
Aww. I wanna go poke sleeping people in the airport!!!! 
Aww. I was in a bad mood earlier and i feel bad about snapping at people. 
Aww. Its so hard to leave those doggies at home 
Aww. People are so ignorant! Making fun of people because viewse different, is totally wrong. 
Aww. Sexy Joe had to leave. 
Aww. She will be missed. 
Aww. What happened to Matt and Moose's twitter pages?  Well, @therev from A7X has a twitter!
aww.. everyone's depressed  what happened? is this some kind of curse?!
aww.. I missed the virtual concert. 
aww... hot robot summer glau show is cancelled 
Aww... i cant see Nicks face... in my BG.  argh, i should change it now..
aww... i think hayfever seasons started 
aww... it went down to 18!  how did that happen?
Aww... just finished the last of my homebrews.  gotta buy beer at the store for the next few weeks.
Aww... My triop is dead  Embarrasingly outlived by a fairy shrimp.
Aww... No &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; fireworks show this year.... 
Aww...drew a heart on baby Chloe's coffin like Nash did in her hand before he died 
AWW...HE'S TRYING TO KILL HIS BROTHERS WIFE... 
Aww...nancy, i'll miss you 
Aww...no sugar ray for thao 
Aww...the weather's not gonna be so good this weekend   I wanted to take the boys out, too :'(
aww..i was watching the video de rbd..sad  patty&lt;3
aww..im sorry court 
aww.time for me to go off  i had fun with @Stephie_Lupin .lol.be back on later ;)
Aww; back in cumberland. This town sucks. 
Awwee  @kaitlynmjonas when will u b home so i can pick up my stuff? I have some nasty garbage work.
Awweh, ima miss everyone so much, yearbooks make me cry 
Awwh poor christina and her horse  
Awwhh  Poor I Want Revenge - http://tinyurl.com/c6odam [On a side note check out http://www.hopeforhorses.net]
Awwk goodness marley &amp; me is so sad   but glad to get that outta my system tbh xx
Awws dont talk about Fernando retiring EJ!!!!! Its gonna make me depressed 
awww   the crazy chick left..... im bord now haha!
awww  #asot400
Awww  @ColeTheCondor
Awww  @FaithA7x Don't be in pain. I hate to hear that.
Awww  are you going to get a new one. I feel bad for messing with that fluffy stuff now
awww  Diamond and Leonard are gone and now we are two kids short of our &quot;six pack&quot;.  HURRY HOME! umm even though you just left this morn
aWWW  I'd give anything to go to Glastonbury tomoroooo.
awww - one of my fave guilty pleasure reality shows (VH1's Tough Love) is done tonight... 
Awww  that poor girl at the Labour speech on News 24 right now  x
Awww  that suckssss
Awww #iremember when JT was still alive on Degrassi! 
Awww ...dude wtf alex hasnt posted his blog! How am i suppose to go on w.my life w.out his inspirational blogs!  goodnite?
awww @lalalalaurs I was hoping we'd see Wesley on stage with them!! 
awww @shannonpaul I had a great time. Gonna miss you alot, kid  #grungaoke
awww @TribbleReese is hurt  its ok buddy.. hope the Speed can pull out a win..
Awww a boy just got put off the bus 
Awww all this people graduating!! I remember when I graduated like 5 and a half years ago... and I cried sooooooo much those last days 
awww anyone remember that show higher ground  I LOVED IT im tryin to find it on dvd if ne one knows are i can let me know please
awww at the b-ball game! 
awww being in the old house alone is so sad 
Awww bride wars is so cute &lt;3 i wish i was best friends with someone like that 
Awww But the Gas you get from the beans Sucks 
awww can't get into stupid MB againnn 
awww Captain Smirk is leaving politics at the next election. he never got to be PM  thanks for the humor,dance moves+facial expressions
awww comeon, I look like the remixed version of squiward and corbin bleu 
awww crap. have to report at 830 
Awww crap...they're getting a divorce 
Awww damn it i can't see boys like girls and they're coming to denver on my birthday 
awww dang remeniscing bout them times in Europe . &quot;Extremely Retarded why did somebody call you that?&quot; i miss themm all 
awww Ed McMahon passed away.  How sad.
Awww ESPN is got me tearing up ... what a touching story  Come on Denver...lets do it for Nick!!!
awww evan and randi's jive was so much fun. i wish i still had tv  sigh, rickey's vids will have to do #gokeyisadouche
Awww Gingy  she got out of her cage outside and was at the front door this morning and now shes laying down. She was scard! 
awww going to be early...My sisters head hurts! Cant wait to buy me a lap top  Good Nigth beautiful twitterbugers!(: Love ya;;♥
awww helen has buggered of to rehearsals, i am all alone  ahaaa but i have chocolate 
AWWW HOT JUST SAW MY CREDITS ON CHAPELLE YEEPEEEE..   Those where happy funny long talent meeting nites! redbull &amp; skateboard
Awww I didn't get new friends today 
awww i HATE my nose today... . im starting to get a cold, and a sore throat 
Awww I hate when I make my sister mad at me 
awww I just read david cook's brother died 
Awww I just realized that I forgot to tivo So You Think You Can Dance 
awww i lost a follower, that akes me sooo sad 
Awww I lost my Top Contributor status on Yahoo! Answers. 
Awww I Miss My Baby 
awww i missed desperate housewives 
Awww I missed everyone 
awww I remember what a hangover feels like now  wtf? how many time did I tweet shaun last night! haha and still no reply.
Awww i slept 12 hours 
awww i want zeke to be my boyfriend 
awww il my plans have been cancelled for the day  rawr!
Awww Ilan. I wish you were more visible 
Awww I'm disappointed with Amanda she's looked so gorgeous all week and now she looks like a sunburnt mermaid  #BGT
awww im not found on twitter 
awww im ready to go!!!!  i want to be in the bed
awww imiss my bestie lucky her in England i miss her so so much  i'm jealous
awww it went down to 15 
Awww Jonas Brothers Youtube account suspended 
awww just finished boys before flowers 
Awww kanye west, its such a shame he doesnt get the joke 
awww Kill Bill (David Carradine) apparently commited suicide 
awww little @ari_elle what's the matter 
awww looks like i'm the only idiot who does that  Eh i'm happy with myself i didn't scream in @andyclemmensen 's ear so it's a good thing
Awww looks like no one wants to play tonight.... Might have to play alone.  #horny tweets.
awww man goin out 2nite n its effin rainin facepaint is garented 2 run 
awww man i need to go to my unlces  hours of sitting with no one to talk to yasss...
Awww man Leslie Neilsen pulls out of MCM expo, disappointing   http://bit.ly/10EWws
awww man worked a double shift and i'm done! 
Awww man!  NBC is canceling Life  :http://www.tv.com/story/14491.html?ref_story_id=14491&amp;ref_type=1101&amp;ref_name=story
Awww man, I hate when you cant get something  you want it even more!
awww mann r.I.p kitty  &amp;&amp;&amp; unborn kittens..  man it's not fair, I'm actually bummed...
Awww max got sent home 
Awww my only frnd just left the class!! Now im lonered!!  Lol..   omg 2days!! 
Awww my poor baby girl.  She has a double ear infection 
awww my twitter looks ugly on my laptop 
Awww my Whitestrips are not staying on 
Awww no Twitter for an hour? Daang that sucks 
Awww NOOO, not my Venus        Will redemption come in doubles?
Awww one of our puppies is dieing 
awww paramore didn't win 
awww pls don't worry baby, you're perfect 
Awww poor guy  Jesus please touch his body
aWWW Poor Holly 
awww poor safina  i really wanted her to win. don't think there's much chance of that happening at wimbledon though... gutted
awww poor wee Callum isn't well  gotta feel sorry for my wee baby, he's away back to bed crying that he's not well
Awww shit. That shitty mood. 
awww shyt soulja boy is sick and gotta go to the hospital 
Awww shyt this tat startin 2 itch. I hate this part 
awww sucks! swine flu is gonna stop alloquan (have no clue how to spell his name) from meeting us all, speshly when he dsnt even have it 
awww susan boyle didn't win britian's got talent 
Awww taht was a really short chat and once again I never get a shoutout  this sucks  but the chat was good..lol I want that joker card
Awww that lil girl on bgt :'( when they said she didnt have time :'( that was soo sad  and them huggin her 
Awww the bestie is mad at me 
Awww the boys have no beards?    I LIKED THEIR MANLY MAN-NESS [via @zepinklady] #asylm
Awww the lady on biggest loser didn't lose any weight this week! That's so sad... What a downer to go to sleep with 
awww twilight finished  i love the linkin park song at the end on the titles ♪
awww victor 
Awww Vodafone, don't be like that, I need you to work on the laptop so I can still browse fast while the landline is capped...don't die 
Awww watching Madea Goes to Jail with my momma,,,one more week then shes back in the H-town and I'm left my by lonesome 
Awww we might not go swimming. It looks like its going 2 storm  its getting darker and darker grrr
awww what a day, to the gym and the beach, and now to work 
awww which1 of my twiggaz would like to get me a extra strength tylenol.... 
Awww why they playing Metro Station...  &quot;at the front dooooor&quot;
Awww wtfreak is going on. I feel really hot then cold. I might be sick or geting there. I was just talking t two sexy ppl. I miss jenna 
Awww wwhat if they say im too fat to be a fat dancer?  hahah.. &amp; awww muaahh! u fatass  
Awww yay!! Mr. Jeffrey's let me sit in his class with my sister and all her friends  sad he's moving back to Utah 
awww ye know i dont watch tv religiously but i like the backoun noise.....they took my tv 
awww you heard it 
awww young seth at his bartmitzvah  job interview today!
Awww youtube seems to be missing the hair regrowth energizer bunny ad 
Awww! I can't believe they made Half Wit hide when they're not really playing hide and seek!! I HATE practical jokes, I always feel sorry 
Awww!!!  Don't spank him too hard 
Awww, Barney died.  Will miss you forever my little brick of love! http://tinyurl.com/meatgf
Awww, darnit, my favorite American Idol contestant got voted off tonight!     ((sigh))
Awww, Farrah Fawcett passed  - It's a shame Ryan O'Neal didn't get a chance to marry her
Awww, I don't have time to blog 
awww, I just saw &quot;Sammy Sosa&quot; as a top 10 twitter trend (geez, twend?) anyway - I guess he's 'out' now as a steroid user/cheater 
Awww, I miss Queer Eye 
Awww, I wanna give Isak unnie a big hug... What a crap day she's had 
Awww, I wanna talk to him but he has projects due tomorrow. 
awww, i'm so sad that John and Kate are separated 
Awww, it's not working 
Awww, just finished the last episode of Sailor Moon. I wish it didn't end  Seiya is sooo wonderful.
Awww, KoL is at the MEN Arena in Manchester ... I saw @NKOTB there.  
Awww, man! Another launch scrub.... 
Awww, my brother cooked dinner and left for a bit and now theres none left for him  I didn't have much but I feel bad for him 
Awww, my sis has to leave camp early cause she has a fever.   
Awww, the final issue was 2006. 
Awww, The sun's got out  COME BACK SUN!!
awww,movie watching postponed to later afternoon 
Awww.  I can read i386 assembly (and write it) but I'm having trouble reading machine generated amd64 assembly 
Awww.  Rob already left for NYC.  
awww. gotta go off the internet.  i'll check up on Mnet 2mrw. 
awww. i lost 1 follower.  this makes me sad. 
Awww. I'm sad.  I only have 80 pages of this AMAZING book left. (It's a total of 1190 pages long.)
awww. its sad now.  thats what you get!
Awww. Kinda sad to see T-Mobile lose the Starbucks contract. Kinda hoped it was some joint venture with O2. 
Awww. Mel's not coming anymore.  We'll see elephants another time.
Awww. No Uncharted beta for me 
awww. now i feel bad that i dissed him before.    damn why are old people so sweet.
Awww. One of my followers dropped me...  Haha!
Awww. Syempre you left me again. 
awww.. almost everyone's alseep.. 
Awww.. My best friend/somewhat girlfriend is leaving to another part of the state.. I just want to be with her 
awww... brother ceci 
awww... i wish magic had won. 
Awww... My blow up mattress must have a leak... I fell asleep last night with it all blown up and woke up on the floor... 
Awww... my chest is peeling 
Awww... poor Sookie  Now to wait forever til the new season starts :O
awww....I will be back on that soon  @chynadollxo
Awww...I love Kate - she should have won! Yasmina is too sneaky 
Awww...Jay Leno looks sooo sad that this is his last Tonight Show...   Why couldn't the networks leave well enough alone!
Awww...my austrailians are leaving @ the airport to bid them goodbye  it's been fun mate.
awww..I had to leave early, didn't even get to catch the bouqet  BUT I'm gonna be at crazy horse 2nite..COME BY! Ray J performing
awww..my bday is over?! suuuucks!  oooh well...after bday celebration!!
Awww.my sister wanted to know if we could keep my neice over night.but we cant. 
awwwe beccah 
Awwww  a man's just got on the top deck so i'm not all by myself anymore....
Awwww  E! News BREAKING: Jon and Kate Gosselin filing divorce papers Monday afternoon in Reading, Pa.
Awwww  we are old tomorrow will be a year
Awwww #familyforce5 isn't on the top trend topics anymore.  
Awwww ... have fun at your new jobs type thingy li  ..sucks you have to be up so early though ... gah college is shite 
awwww @sabina_kelley Im so bummed I could go to wintersun 
awwww Aiden, don't cry...u did good hun 
Awwww albany GWS !  even though i was in your house 2 hours aqo..! Lol Good Niqht Everyone !
awwww gotta mister who wants to come home early......my lovely peace &amp; quiet is ended  longest D has been away from us.
awwww Gretel!!!!!  Hair is not nice... sorry 
Awwww holly!  x
Awwww I feel so sorry for Holly 
awwww i miss you too cari and delia too i hate bad international texing 
Awwww I missed hocus pocus on tv 
awwww I want the puppy back 
Awwww Im sad Bronny doesnt have any help  
awwww i'm sorry bout prom bisante 
awwww man i drunk to much juice my tummie hurts 
awwww mann i need followers im a loser 
Awwww Markyyy love u so much :s :s :s I'll die to meet you  Markyy follow me plz :$ :$ :p:plol..xx
Awwww maybe Bronnie can have his mommy take him to Disney 
awwww my baby got a yucky cough 
Awwww my cory cat fish died  i have had him for almost exactly a year
Awwww my nena I didn't get to see her this fri she was punish 
Awwww poor biggie...he puked on me in the car. Even though I had the air conditioning on FULL blast...I think it was the heat  He' ok now
Awwww poor you  @PrincessSuperC
Awwww R.I.P Danny La Rue....Goodbye Dolly 
Awwww she passed away 7 hours after seeing the movie.     http://is.gd/15MGb  thank you #Pixar
Awwww thats kewl but when will it be my ture #squarespace    #####ssssqqqquuuuuaaarrrreeeeesssssppppppaaaaacccccceeeee
Awwww the awards are 2nite!! 
awwww this episode's ending always makes me cry 
awwww today was sad 
awwww twitter ppl... pebblez &amp; BamBam is sick now... 
awwww!  @lucerocarol is not feelin too well 
awwww!  Dang!  Wrong package!  Guess my new clothes aren't coming today 
Awwww!! It shouldn't be   it should be )  &quot;So Amazing, Timeless &amp; Victorious &quot;
Awwww, @nasa is scrubbing again.    H fuel link again.
Awwww, but Hazel Blears was so visually funny! 
Awwww, do I HAVE to get up?!?! 
Awwww, I just got spam rolled again   how embarassment. P.S. Don't tell Rick, he might feel left out
Awwww, my neighbor is having practice for her Quinceanera right now. That was a decade ago for me!! F**K!! I'm gettin old 
awwww, no Alex on summer tour!  i hope he rejoins David after the summer!!
awwww, no farrah!!! what a fight she put up, but so sad.. such an icon! 
awwww, there are vids on youtube of the convention I DIDN'T get to go to.. Jared is so funny! And I missed it. It makes me cry 
Awwww, they could have gave me the deluxe model  http://www.actiwatch.respironics.com/
awwww...  My macbook isn't powerful enough to play the new ghostbuster's game... 
awwww... just heard my little girl has bronchitis. and i'm not there to give her a hug. 
awwww... the picture of my big rooster is too big to use...  
awwww.... no one wants to make reservations with me  lol....
awwww........ classes starts on Monday  buh-bye summer!!!!!!  uwaaaaaaah......!
awwww...year one is getting really bad reviews... 
Awwwww ... i insensitive. 
Awwwww :'( robert pattinson got beat up 
Awwwww I feel Ewan McGregors paaaain  but LOL at what I thought was a midget in a cage!
awwwww i wish we won well leaving noww 
Awwwww just found out I can't watch the mmvas  iSad. Sleeping now gotta get up early for practice. HAPPY FATHERS DAY!!! &lt;3 you dad
Awwwww man, it's time to leave already!  Don't worry I'll be bk Atl! Yeeeeeeah!
Awwwww my stomach   ... But that jar of banana peppers was totally worth it!
Awwwww no car park spaces 
AWWWWW NOT #UNFORGIVABLE!!!!! DAMN 
Awwwww poor old people 
awwwww startin 2 het nervous now 
awwwww why cant i upload a pic of me  &quot;thats a nice picture&quot; screw you twitter i want my pic to be seen!!!
awwwww! nothing seems to be going right ! 
awwwww. a kitty! right outside the gym. it's so cute! i think it's a stray. 
Awwwww. Getting read for church. Then Occasionally Im going to clean my room VERY VERY good. Hah, Fun for me 
Awwwww. Langerhans isn't warming up anymore 
Awwwww. This Nicholas Owens dude reminds me of the movie Simon Birch... 
awwwww... tomorrow is the start of school!!! 
awwwwwnnnh its 9 and im still doing homework 
Awwwwwwww my baby is sick. 
Awwwwwwwwwww Dolly didn't win.  
awwwwwwwwwwwwww i lost a follower  what i do??? 
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwh the Jimmy Buffett tickets are sold out 
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW @TonyCEOAMERICA  but im sorry to tell you not every one wants to talk to me  but im working on it  lol ..
awwyeshhh toy story 3  but till june 18-2010  
axert + endorphins != headache resolution 
Axure is screwing with me.  Why Axure, why.
ay im bored 
ay ''inipit''. :&amp;  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/12gh2w
ay nais manuod ng David Cook Concert. kasu.. wala money  http://plurk.com/p/rr9zv
ay! i think i have tendonitis in my right forearm...it'll feel like a rubber band is stretching and hurts every once in a while 
ay? doing postman job again.... 
Ayayayy Drinking Lemonade.... dealing with a big migraine at Work  Designing sort-of
Aye better go and start the housework  Jack
aye man tell me how the Indie fest goes on Sunday, i really wanted to go 
AYE MY STOMACH IS KILLIN ME! I think all the bacon and eggs quesidillas and pizza from yesterday caught up! 
Aye! I Need a job.. but where... dun dun dahh. i get so nervous going to places and asking for a job  i tend to embarass myself. lol
ayee my freakin lip ring is too small for my lips    i look   ugly
Ayer vi Night at the Museum 2, y es una porqueria. 
Ayia Napa in 1 week!! .. Still wish i was goin back to Canada too 
ayo is it just me or is &quot;I want Revenge&quot; the illest race horse name ever..sorry boput ya leg homes 
Ayone need a kitty?? Someone left her here in a box!!! 
ayy fml. nothing is perfect 
AZ time &amp; I'm still up wired from my asthma meds. Have not really slept for almost 40 hours now &amp; it 5:37A.M. now....  
Azi aveam un training cu John Griffiths (guru la nivel mondial in Account Planning) insa s-a amanat din cauza ca e bolnav 
b don't go please? 
B forgot what day it was again to day - got her self in a bit of a state about it all 
b o r e d and wants to talk to some1 on here 
b.net is down 
B: I'm sorry  Guitar and an iPhone, though! You're sounding more and more like me. It's fun. You could..sleep more. I dunno. Kinda limited
b?ng b?t 
B0RED..HUNGRY..dont feel good;; -000aah today is totatllyy my day!! 
B4TB on 20m Now!!! No chances for me... 
Ba.bye May ... I'll see you next year 
Baaaaah, everyone just goes away 
baaaah it is raining 
baaaahhhh better luck next time blues... 
baaack from lunch. only 4 1/2 hours to go. well then the drive home, so i guess i shouldnt start counting yet. 
baaad sore throat 
baaaw I'm tired  why didn't I go to bed when @SonicThrust originally said I should?
baahh???  SNOW?!?! .....  gross...
Baahhh! My itunes is being stuuupid!!I can't download a really fun app 
Baahhhhh! I'm watching Paris Hilton's My New Bff but I have to go back to work 
Bababababababa. Watching Come Dine at Roz's. I need a reply regarding my meet and greet with the Satz! 
babe gave a bruise on my arm and its throbbingggg 
Babe was supposed to get me food but he fell asleep.  I'm hungry!
babe we aint speak in over 10hrs das a record  
Babe went to stockton without me. *sigh* I guess ill just read for my summer school. 
babe' where are you ?? hope you feelin better 
Babe......come get me 
babessssssssssssssssss! &lt;3333333 miss you!! 
Babies don't rickoshay, they hit, and fall. 
Baby #2 down just in time for #1 to wake up.  can't win all the time. :p
Baby + fever = immediate irrational fear of swine flu. 
Baby Andrea is really grumpy today. He just ate and now he's sleeping again. Poor little boy. His teeth hurt him a lot. 
Baby cousin is sleeping, now I have no one to play with  wake up kynnedy..!!
Baby crying 
Baby deer spent the night by our fence apparently. Dh startled it this am. Not sure how to help it. Animal control won't come. 
Baby doing better today. Still sick though 
Baby Gil left now I'm sad.  
Baby girl been eatin a lot of cookies and cornbread stuffing this week 
baby girl gradiates from elementary school...no more babies for me!!! 
Baby has a 103.7 fever 
baby i'm lost cause...  
baby is 1 month old and #breastfeeding has become unexpectedly painful. She doesn't keep mouth open wide enuf during feeding. Owie 
Baby is getting her CSI cert @ MSU. High was not this fun when I went  LOL
Baby is out. Apple is eating and I'm so bored. I want to go thailand soon. I miss shopping.  - http://tweet.sg
Baby is sick and puking poor little dude, It`s going to ge a long night 
baby just left 
Baby just left  gonna get ready (again) and I'm leavin'  Chilis = Full -_-
Baby just left.  I miss you already. &lt;3
Baby keep my heart beat' beat' beating  Kevin bard &lt;3
baby less than 24hours old found in the lobby of an apartment....so sad....i want to go take her home 
Baby loves some chocolate heath cream pie! But hes killin my ribs  Still Going
Baby oil. Dress. Hair just right. And still something is missing.... 
Baby showed me THE most disgusting video earlier this morning. Not sure if I still can eat later... 
baby shower today...and not of the 4-legged variety 
Baby sitting 2nite so sitting in and board out of my mind 
baby sitting tonight, instead of going to see the hangover again hmm  but it gives me an extra 20 for my holiday i suppose lol 6 days ahh!
baby sitting... then, who knows what the plan is? Wish I had my own car 
Baby steps to achieving the goal. I wonder if I have it in me.. I'm so impatient 
Baby want you tell me why there is sadness in your eyes  I don't wanna say goodbye to you...   can u feel that?... 
Baby will be in Johor  for 9 days, to me, 9 days are equals to 9 decades 
Baby, I miss you so much. 
Baby, please come I don't want to go but my sister wants to. 
babycakessss your chocolate lover iss hereee its soo cold  wow im bored love youuuu xxx
babying eric cuz he sure does not feel good. hims got sulfuric acid in hims and maked him itch reeeal bad.  hopefully we can make church!!
baby's gotten worse, crying now with his feedings. probably reflux  booo. i thought breastfed babies dont have as much reflux!
baby's leaving tomorrow   getting some sleep so i can see him in the morning:p
Babys mad at me 
Babyshower was a bit uncomfortable, still can't wait (kinda) for the beach, thinking about someone  HELP!
Babyshowerington with mom dukie while I'm hungover and sick 
babysitterless in seattle (or bainbridge, actually) -- waaaah.  
babysittin  on a day like this? SHITE
babysittin now, while all my friends are out drinkin 
Babysittin...and Drew called...and umm...I was too shy to pick up the phone. 
babysitting  i so feel underpaid :/ i mean 3 dollars an hour for 4 boys under the age of 12 c'mon lol
Babysitting again. I wanna play so badly it's killing me. 
Babysitting at my sisters house. Won't be able to update till tomorrow. 
babysitting but wishing I was out 
Babysitting in the sun and heat. I'm getting lots of freckles 
babysitting kids who won't let me play wii with them 
babysitting lonf time, dont you hate it when the kids can stay up later than you want to?  oh well geet over itt.
Babysitting my lil bro. He just asked me when I was moving back in. I said I'm not. He started crying and said but I want you to. 
Babysitting my siblings.....would rather babysit my baby 
Babysitting on a Saturday night is not what i call Fun 
babysitting today....... 
Babysitting was torture today. 
Babysitting. And I can't get the internet to work. 
babysitting... ughh haha i wanna go home. 
Babysitting? R u kidding me? Why?  I don't like toddlers very much. And she's hit the terrible twos! AAAAAAAAH! SAVE ME!
Baccalaureate tonight and graduation tomorrow  Happy and yet really sad...Hoping I don't fall as I get my diploma cause I would do that...
bacck home.  .... drinkkkss tonight ?
Bachelorette party loves Keith. He got a cool sticker... but I can't upload pic 
bachelorette party was super fun... until my car was smashed to bits coming home  Sad dead car panda.
Bachelorette without @teragraMyraM isn't the same 
bachelorette!!!!! plus all my girls together again for the last time for who know when! 
Bachelorette: she got rid of sasha?!? awww totally forgot about Kiptyn, hope she keeps him 
bachlorette party was fun, couldn't make it to suede, my partners in crime bailed  instead chilled @ home with my fam
back  from swim, bubble &amp; steam... got some work to do for an hour now 
back  to work... lamesauce 
back @ home. Why did I forget two beer bottles in the freezer... damn  Now chillin and waiting for the German Bundesliga to begin...
Back @ the office... The Weather is too good to be sitting indoors 
back @ work 
Back @ work. Have has this headache for 3 days now 
Back @ work... 
Back @ Work... Rain and cold in Milan 
Back 2 the bay 
Back 2 work til 5 
Back 2 work today   meh
Back 2 work tomorrow 
Back 2 work... zo tandarts 
Back 2work- twitter on pause 4 now  l8rz twits x
Back 4m holiday, blackberry still doesn't work.   NOT HAPPY!!!!!
Back a work after a wondeful week of enjoying nothing and my hubby. This month...infectious disease 
Back ache  Madd at conor. hes such a dick head! &gt;
back aching... in pain! wish I could go to work tonight 
Back after my last Trib gathering... it took some effort to make sure I didn't cry while saying goodbye to people. 
Back after spending a couple of days with my sis and her family. It's now raining  Should be doing something about the ironing.
back aftr anothr gruellin day of classes  time to rlax yippee,by d way that slumdog grl  is actually frm a slum u knw.same fr the boys too
back again, the gym closed at 7 
Back and forth. Awesome. Missing most of the Penguins game. Damn... 
back and im good just a nose bleed..... ive been too much in the sun running 
Back and still feeling shattered. Still no cockney... I'm ashamed to say. 
Back at a previous client for a week. Forced to used an outdated client laptop 
back at college now, cant say its great to be back... and theres alot of work to do! 
back at desk less than 6 hours after I went to bed. This _is_ the life 
back at home after an awesome weekend Amstel Gold race! Do miss Tara a lot 
back at home again 
back at home in 4 hours - leaving hamburg for a while 
back at home, time for work. 
Back at home. My kids were more excited about the &quot;super prise!&quot; (surprise) that I brought.  Oh well.
back at mi yard.Hmm, on here is feeling a bit warmer... not good 
Back at my apartment for the last time ever! So sad! Move is complete 
Back at my desk working. Sunny and beautiful day. Don't feel like working tho.    LOL
back at my house no TV no nothing!! still writing my novel. hope that someone helps me in how to publish it. no idea how. 
back at rowan and thinking about studying for two summer class tests this week!! 
Back At School On Monday 
Back at school.  But on the bright side, it's S2C podcast night tonight!
Back at school. 3 days 'til finals 
back at square one...if she wants him she can have him. im not arguing about it any more 
Back at the beach. Wish i would have seen him tonight. 
Back at the flat after tidying my room at home, need to start tidying/packing here now 
Back at the hotel. Visited a modern temple with great architecture but overbearing security. No cameras = no pictures 
back at uni but do not want to be 
Back at uni. got two lectures today 
back at work 
Back at work   Big surprise on the horizon from my hubby 2nite!
Back at work   Enjoyed yesterday off!  Almost made me think about being a stay at home mom! hhhmmmm
back at work  and having my mid morning pop tart. haha
Back at work - arse 
Back at work  blackberry still on the fritz
Back at work  But best thing was beach, finally so nice weather.
Back at work - feel drained after the dr's appt. Too bad it's the first of the month, or I could call it a short day.  
Back at work  Not much tweet action happening for a little while
Back at work  Welcome back @Maximilus...thou hast been sorely missedeth!
Back at work .... I am so upset my mom's puppy chewed up my Twilight book while I was sleeping and I just bought it last night    
Back at work ........but its sunny outside 
back at work :/ my hand is killing me. amd i missed ebay auction with alfa part 
back at work after 10 days of moving...  Still no Interwebs at the new house though, so my websites are still dark... 
Back at work after 4 days off, dont want to work 
back at work after a great weekend, my brothers have left home and gone back to england though with my gorgeous nephews, miss them 
Back at work after a great weekend, sad its raining 
Back at work after a long, hot weekend..whoop de doo! 
Back at work after a nice 3 day weekend. But I'm a little sad.  Ed McMahon died. 
back at work after an fun weekend 
Back at work after being in payson yesterday and sad because I haven't seen my baby boy in a couple of days cuz he is sick.  
back at work after blissful days off.. booooooooo 
Back at work again  Only two weeks til the next batch of undergrads :p
Back at work and sooo sleepy 
Back at work but wish I was by the pool 
back at work for my semester project but very tired and thus not very productive 
Back at work later, not looking forward to that but it's better then tomorrow when I'm at the other casino doing an even later shift 
Back at work now till FOREVER 
Back at work now.    Wishing I was home playing with Kendall!  
back at work today after glorious fortnight off. back to the real world 
Back at work today. Urgh... Days off are so much better. 
back at work today... how exciting! 
back at work today... still feeling crummy... 
back at work tomorrow 
Back at work!! 
back at work, booooooo 
Back at work, my poor coworkers are sick!!! I really feel for them since I was sick last week 
Back at work. And switch my python with an old and bad php cms... Sick sad world. 
Back at work.. missing Percoten lol since i can't take it here   Wonder if we got some tylenol...
back at work...  wanna go back to london.
back at work... having meetings again 
back at work.... 
back at work.... just had a 5 hour energy and muscle milk oatmeal.... not a good combo 
Back at Ye Olde Purdue.  Going for a run and wishing I had my running buddy 
back booth 
back form hospital  bad times , dinner then sleeep id say !!! x
back frm watchin the new star trek movie. niiiice ... except released so late here i already knew everythin  damn all spoilers n mktin 
back from #skaterhockey. Crazy Old Bears 8 @_chiefs Reloaded 2. 6 goals against us in the last 20 mins 
Back from 15k with my running group buddies. Had a permanent pain in the stomach since lunch, couldn't enjoy the run at all. 
Back from 8 long hours of interning. bahhh  http://tinyurl.com/nrkmvf
back from a 3 mile run. New shoes, lower calf felt tight, and also getting blisters...  
Back from a fab day at Tara's wedding yesterday. Now trying to deny all knowledge of school in the morning 
back from A Famosa!! Boring &amp; tiring~ 
back from a LONG day of golf! got hit by a golf ball   sore and tired! time for bed!
Back from a parents evening  Twas okay though.
Back from a p-tay at the Stevens'. Lots of good times, but hot tubs make me miss my wife 
Back from a relaxing, Internet/work-free week in Zim, Zambia, Botswana and lovely South Africa (CPT)... packing now for the States 
back from a tiring day out. this woman kept staring at me, like as if i knew her. um hello, no i don't! your just freakin' me out. 
Back from a very enjoyable, sunny holiday in the Lakes - My hayfever on the other hand doesn't seem to be a fan 
Back from a very wet Tennesee. Only got 3 of our 4 rounds in 
Back from a weekend in #Maastricht, car was burgled, attempt to steal 
Back from A&amp;E, very nice Doctor diagnosed ligament damage, she felt I could still do my 5k run, but it might take me 10 days to heal 
Back from allotment and have managed to empty mud all over my cream carpets from my turn ups 
back from an amazing weekend in scotland! only 10 more days in london town 
Back from another bad day of school.    ughh i hate school. Then again who doesnt?
Back from another strop in the Golf. Diced with  Impreza, caught him on corners/braking, lost out on straights. Power trumps finesse. 
Back from another walmart trip. 
back from babysitting with a headache 
Back From Bangalore and what greets me here!!! Heat full on 
Back from bangalore. Late with scheduled deployment 
Back from BCN 
Back from benicia. Now i have to clean my room 
Back from Berlin. It was really nice, but we needed more time! 
Back from birthday lunch at Riders Cafe. Place is not bad but should have air con! Time for nap now before shift at 5pm 
back from bonnaroo, real world starts tuesday 
Back from bonny Scotland, and not looking forward to work next week 
back from bosnia, I feel so tired and my eyes hurt. the bus ride sucked. 
back from Busan and dreading that my surprise vacation is coming to an end.....back to work on Wednesday! 
Back from camp. And I can't say I like being back home from such on experience. Camp was awesome, wish it lasted longer. 
back from camping feeling about a stone fatter so I have started my health kick today with salad, salad oh and more salad after my run 
Back from church- awsome night- love people-  doing homework again...  
Back from church camp hours ago (: And I just woke up from my supposedly afternoon nap, there goes dinner 
back from city ... damn you Indian Railways... tatkal tickets are in waiting that too 100+   trying for innovative alternatives ;)
Back from city, mt lawley &amp; Nth perth...  dance class is full~
back from college, watching my vid's back. i dont wanna face it that its over  bring on november!
Back from Creative Coffee Club, good meeting  no more until after the summer though 
back from cruisin'.... Reality 
Back from Cuba, Now my boobos is leaving to Saudi 
back from cycle training. rescued a grass snake from crows, not sure if it'll survive 
back from D.R.      going though pics!
back from da club and rrrealllyyy tired 
back from dentist  mouth is numb and it's all shitty.... fucking fillings 
back from dentist. mouth hurts more than before I went there, meh. 
Back from din - nicer than I expected. Miss my bff but is it dangerous to think she can be like she was. Don't know. 
back from dinner and shopping with mom. msn with B from china! omg misses 
back from dinner w. my family. i'm not meeting christine anymore  sunny weather tomorrow and a day out &amp; about. i want red bull!
Back from dinner. I didnt really get to taste the food much coz I have colds 
Back from Disneyland. I look like a lobser 
back from disneyland. sooooo screwed for my final tomorrow. and i didnt do any hw. damnnnn gonna fail! 
Back from doctor, leaving for school o_O  Back @ 16.00 
back from download, CRAZY weekend! take me back there already 
back from dr. appt. no real diagnosis (hmph), just prescribed antibiotics, and an inhaler to help w/ the extreme coughing. 
Back from Drawsko where we discussed business with our customer. We cannot recommend the pizza place we ate in after that 
Back from Dublin 
Back from E3 and already got an invite to my next event......jury duty. 
back from England 
Back from errands and Mom's. Whew what a long day.   Now to get some work done at the office. *sigh*
Back from errands. Found out I didn't get job I interviewed for last week, darn it 
Back from essex! 
Back from Faribault and hoping a post topic will come to mind for tomorrow. The one I have so far isn't very good 
Back from Ferropolis. No pasta party today  Freezing cold out there, going to be tough tomorrow morning. Start @9.05, my goal:1st woman
back from flithy dukes gig - it was amazing but no elevator  gutted
back from florida. and my phone is broken. 
Back from football, suffering from hay fever 
back from Grad trip... last trip of the year.... sad 
back from gym gettin ready for work, cant help it but feel weird, something is not right 
back from gym! had dinner and took a bath. now it's time to do my homework. 
Back from gym. Lost zune  Grillin steaks  packing for early morning flight  Seeing old and new friends tomorrow afternoon 
Back from happy hour! My favorite bartender wasn't there today 
back from Hawaii AKA heaven, which means....   
Back from Hawaii... Awesome place... Awesome vacation!!! But now back to work 
back from hell! been there and back this last week  RIP Drew
Back from HELLwan, weather sux 
back from helping Mom and Dad pack for their trip to move tomorrow.  as old as i am, i don't want my mommy to leave me &lt;sigh?
Back from hike...had lunch with son.  He's got a cold.    Good hike, 2.5 miles.  Time to make some calls, send some mail, Trial prep.
Back from home (Goldbar), I miss you so much Narcisse, I can't believe you left 
Back from hospital yesterday! Less yellow, but have gall stones  so low fat diet for me!
Back from hospital, BP not great. Had to have blood tests  On brighter side, off to Thorpe Park tomorrow 
Back from italy, suffering the consequences of coming back to cold weather again 
Back from Jakarta &amp; Bandung! Had a really fantastic time. I want to go back there again 
Back from josh's going away party 
back from Julia's though I wanted to finish playing Rock Band 
Back from Karaoke night, I was singing some tunes......and now my throat is kinda sore 
back from kayyy house &amp;&amp; the baby shower ; wish muff couldve been there 
back from LA, and really sad that Alex has a fever 
Back from last band concert of the year.  I'll miss you seniors! It's going to take a lot of work to get the band back to this level!!! 
Back from London  Now just catching up on all the tv and sleeping all day!
Back from London and last day of a long weekend 
Back from London, family went back to the states   I will miss them, but at least I have 2 finals and 2 papers to distract me...luckyme.
back from london... seriously bad farmers tan  ugg
back from London...... 
back from lunch with kristi...no fun im so ready for miami 
back from lunch.. I need to finish a thing for work that I started this morning U_U I was free..  Bye.
back from lunch.. still hungry 
Back from Mahon Point - everybody got something, except Mommy. Mommy hates shopping 
back from mall and is super bored 
Back from manual labour, yes you read correctly. Back to emails and video-chatting with @benschauland however, my cam doesn't work. 
back from Marius', have to tidy up my place 
back from Massachusetts IMC09 and ready to draw!  But first ... laundry 
back from meeting Heinsberg. Tomorrow kickoff euPrevent MRSA, then it'll be all over... oh wait....not... 
Back from Melting Pot w/ side trip to Fun World. Holding onto 29 for as long as I can!! Tonight, goodbye to the 20's party. 
back from miami 
Back from Miami and off to work to focus on web site skins. 
Back from Miami. I miss South Beach 
Back from Michigan! I didn't miss the internet at all. I wanna go back 
back from Milan...dead tired 
back from mj and lucas' stag &amp; doe, didn't win a thing 
Back from Munich ... back to work ... 
Back from my baby's Gooooshhh I miss him loads! 
Back from my first day of school. Got a science exam on Thursday 
Back from my first ride on my new bike.  Bike rode extremely well.  Went over the handle bars due to an obstical I didn't see though. 
back from my five am run, gettingvready for school. :/ ugh. and it's gunna be cloudy today  ! what ev, probably going to the by laterrr.
Back from my MIL's house. Makes me realize how much I miss watching TV. lol. Seems like such a luxury when you don't have it.. 
back from my run feel sad cuZ gypsy Is getting really old on me 
back from my run...that was hard.  William is a freakin MAJOR PAIN!!  he's a meany physical trainer &amp; he's makin me drink water ×_×
Back from my third user test at W!games... They are probably going to decline my application 
Back from my trip.....today will be a day full of cleaning and laundry! So exciting! 
Back from new Orleans  headed to work in a few hours. Need to get some sleep. Who all is from the Springfield area?
back from OBX with a sad face on  had a great time with some old friends - been back to the grind ALL DAY!
Back from olive garden and worried about tomarrow 
Back from our night time walk up Pen y fan - absolutely exausted now and stuck in work 
back from Palm Springs 
back from Portugal, it was raining the whole time so no tan 
back from rhodes relaxed to the max... no back to teh job search!! 
back from ROME!! i miss the italian guyz!!! and my future husband cristiano ronaldo!!!! 
Back from school and a friend, is already tired again. 
Back from school and errands.  Got resumes printed for class tomorrow.  Picked up dinner for Frank.  Now my cat's dying.  Sad.  
back from school early after having lunch with friends in willi. winter concert tomorrow...  7:30pm if you want to come 
back from school HALF TERM YES.     and something bad will happen i jus tknow it 
Back from school, I think I said something wrong today, urgh. 
back from school. exam on thursday 
back from school. I fell down 3 flights of stairs today... you could see the tissue in my leg. im sore all over  lucky no broken bones.
Back from school. I've done my homework. I've took a shower and I'll do some sports in a few minutes. Tomorrow is the politic exam. oh no 
Back from school. My new flip flops scrapped the skin off my feet. 
back from school..now writing the essaye  ..dealine is wednesday ten o' clock
Back from scotland now, and back at work.  But on the plus side, the wife did enjoy camping.
Back from seeing a game of football. My team lost 
Back from seeing 'Star Trek' and 'Night at the Museum.' 'Star Trek' was amazing, but 'Night at the Museum' was; eh.
back from shopping, did not find ANY shoes in my size. geezz life sucks when it comes to shoe sizes 
Back from shopping... it can only bring you so much happiness. 
Back from sleepover! Fun night! Lots of homework to do! 
Back from some drinking and gambling in Las Vegas. No jackpot for me  http://yfrog.com/5fl3gj
Back from St. Pete. Venice Beach is gorgeous! Shark teeth all over....great mini vacation!!! Bye Amy &amp; Holly  C U Soon!
back from summer morning workouts; feel the burnn... at 8 in the morning 
Back from taking @musicisforever_ 's laptop to school, turns out they could do nothing for it  Said bye to my fave teachers, sad times.
back from taking jarid to the airport  but looking forward to meeting my new nephew in 5 days.
back from Tallinn and back to business 
back from tenniss.... studying for exams now 
back from th gym, boy am i knackered. Also got completely soaked.. bad times!   Xx
Back from the air and space museum. About to leave hotel. Leaving DC soon 
Back from the Bahamas, its back to work on Monday 
back from the bahamas...back in atlanta 
Back from the beach... waiting for my turn in the shower!!!!! Ugggghhh it should be a while and there will b cold water!!!! 
Back from the club, it was cool to see my peoples tonight, off to bed...yo I think I'm losing my voice too 
Back from the dentist...  
back from the doctor ... my boy is so sick  he's in so much pain
BACK FROM THE DR. AND THE PAIN IS STILL BAD IF NOT WORSE. I WICH THAT GUY HAD NEVER HIT MY TRUCK. IM OUT SO MUCH MONEY FROM WORK. 
back from the ER...glad to say Ciaro took the staples to the back of the head like a champ!! it hurt me more than him 
Back from the fashion show. In black, but barely. WUSB didn't work (more on dgrin later) 
back from the framers and lunch with mums and dads. no matter how resonable framing prices are it's always going to be too much 
Back from the gym, just checkin' email. Gonna go watch an old movie or something. It's a little cool out to sit outside and read! 
Back from the gym, that feels so much better. Ribs are still very sore so had take it easy today 
Back from the gym. I'm getting sick 
back from the gym...eying the box of Golden Grahams cereal but I am gonna stay strong...egg whites it is   it is gonna be a tough day.
back from the hague. no wallet 
Back from the hangover. Excellent movie, not for a lot of people, but I loved it. A lot. Now I have to fold laundry...depressing 
back from the hospital after 5 hours  they sent Maggie home and said to wait til her contractions got worse. worse??? the poor thing.
Back from the hospital with the kids. Miss E cut her head while falling out of bed  3 stitches, but all better now.
back from the lake and getting ready for exams 
Back from the Lake District and missing it already 
Back from the mall. More rain and still no alexus or james 
Back from the morning walk.  Worked up a sweat and I wasn't even outside. 'Course, no exercise is needed to work up a sweat outside now. 
Back from the movies... It was ok. Today was a long day I'm extra tired! Gotta be at work in a few hours 
back from the ocean, good to be home! now hear there's a tornado warning 
Back from the ocean, missing Ron  Wishing we could find a way to be together, but travels with him are great!
back from the orthodontist AGAIN!! lol i got my plate and now its weird when i talk  im having a strike from talking...or ill try at least
Back from the Park. Its not as warm as it looks out there! Only 1 lap today  - and not as busy as usual either. Oh well.
back from the party couldnt stay  gotta go to camp in the a.m.
Back from the Peak District. Wonderful weather but got attacked by a cat while feeding it cheese + crushed my thumb &amp; its gone all purple 
Back from the piano workshop.. Had a complete mental blank when I was playing my scales.. So embarrassing.. 
back from the playa!! i'm burned  never had sunburn on my face.. it hurrrts (( but i had fun 
Back from the Post Office &amp; I forgot 2 take this letter, but I don't feel like going back.  I did like 50 good deeds at once, though! 
Back from the printer. Now at my mother's. My father took forever to find wi-fi WEP key... 
Back from the pub still none the wiser 
Back from the races. Good times. Cried lots saying good bye to Ellie and Owen, who are going to Spain next year. 
back from the reception it was alright   not going camping  oh well  and im so freaking tired goodnight http://tinyurl.com/qh7xhp
Back from the soccer game, we lost  again..
back from the state library.. Not so productive tim 
Back from the station &amp; missing John 
Back from the Sudz! It was awesome! Minus losing a few key items... primarily my CAMERA!!! BOOO!!! 
back from the vet with Asia and Chris. PIcked up Kona, he's not doing too good  poor baby
Back from the woodlands.  No moose  
Back from TJ. Slept away one whole day. A mountain of works' waiting. Tonight might be a long  night 
Back from town with Daniel, off to work at four   XxX
back from vacation ...offfice sucks 
Back from vacation I don't wanna go to work 
Back from vegas.. ahhh now back to reality.. 
Back from vegas... Gotta take the Benz back!...  hoping to get our new jetta this week tho
back from vets with oscar, cost me around £80! so far  gotta take him bk next week.
Back from vet's. Kitty is very sick.  She's lost a lot of weight just in the last couple of days. Just the tests cost a fortune, too. BOO.
back from visiting my sick dad, not looking good - very sad 
Back from volunteering at the nature centre. All I can say is OUCH! Sunburn!! Remembered bug spray, FORGOT sunscreen 
Back from walk around the water today. Saw lots I doggie friends but Mum didn't let me play with any 
back from walk... and DANG! the sun came out half-way through! it SUCKED! now its hot! 
back from walking the strip with the fam. missin' my hunny bunz  and my picture is still not showing! errrrr.
Back from watching the Yankees lose 
back from wildwood and officially sick. apparently i have a viral infection, coughing my lungs out, bye 
back from wonderland! now i have to actually do some work 
back from work had a long week but its great to come home and work some more 
back from work why the hell do i have to do everything bad news another service user died i almost cried! 
Back from work! bed time but cant sleep  bad times
Back from work! I feel a tad low on energy today 
Back from work, my feet are still hurting after last night 
Back from work, now I'm tired 
back from work...too windy to play golf today  and my face is about to burn off
Back From Work..Was A Longggggg Day..Have A Headache.. 
back from yardsales - there were some good ones out today!  now time to cut lawn &amp; take nap.  no coffee as yet 
back from year end trip to celtic. I miss it so much! 
Back from York, good trip, feel good about the new task. Looking forward to Holland Friday, not played much poker 
Back from Yosemite, man slipped fell on Sat. 41 people helped off half dome. helicopters all day.  have fun, be smart, wet? try later
back fromdownload 
Back frpm sports and i´m so ill - that´s not good! I need a nurse to become healthy. It´s cold and all hurts...i hate it!!!!!! 
back has exploded, really sore, must be all that bending over taking photographs. in pain 
Back here on my 2nd Homebase...getting ready for another busy work week ahead 
Back home - finally. I ate too much cake.  I think my new shirts which I bought today won't fit any longer.
Back home  Had a great time!
back home  sucks so bad I wanna cry
Back home ... so sad  time heals everything, I know, I know. Dreamland, here I come.
Back home ;p..going to 3azaa 
Back home @orcon dsl still playing up and @orcon support not replied to last week's support request. service FAIL 
Back home after a great evening, no one online  so I'll be off to bed now. See yah tomorrow ;-)
Back home after a hard weekend! And soon back at work! I am so f...ing TIRED! 
Back home after my test for maths; made absolutely NO SENSE..  Horrible. But happy now, 'cause I'll be running Snow Leopard in a minute!
Back home again after 15 days of relaxation 
Back home again, just as the sun comes back out 
back home and back at work 
Back home and back to work! 
Back home and dividing Mom's things.....heartbreaking 
back home and feeling good! shame mr lover's not here though 
back home and off to work.  BOOOOO!!! Sans BlackBerry.  *sigh. Replacing my license today, and calling to convince Telus for a new phone
Back home but locked out  This sucks...
Back home feet up, needs lots of rest. gonna be bored out my tree  #fb
Back home finally.  Still sad that my amazing find at Hastings had to be returned 
back home fm the geeks, yes my computers dead!  ah well, time to start looking! oh, you need to pay for it subbies!
Back home for atleast the next two weeks. And just been told I have to have blood taken this afternoon 
back home from a longgg day! today = party time!  too bad i'm missing someone that's pretty darn special  &lt;3
Back home from church, sound board was rough today   got the house open and cleaning, got some areosmith playing
back home from disney and it's really sad 
Back home from Disneyland. I hate leaving 
back home from graduation. Didn't make it in time to see her walk but we were there nonetheless 
Back home from holidays. It all looks the same... but no Katie and Matt. 
Back home from IN  Wish I was back up there
back home from Texas &amp; already missing my brother  Have a great day y'all.
Back home from the golfcourse... i dont know what to do this evening. 
Back home from what I think was the longest coach pitch game ever and we have make up games tomorrow night and Saturday morning 
back home from work and i'm officially dead, my feet and arms hurt sooo bad 
back home in brock..so sad its cold here and were not still in SC 
Back home in my own bed and loving it pity it only lasts until monday then it is back to he hotel for another week 
Back home now 
back home now    Stuff is everywhere tho as redecorating, and I need to find a job for summer!  I am also feeling rather tired!
back home now btw, I work tomorrow @ 8am  ah fuck
back home now for the summer.... bad times 
Back home now!! I'm nearly half frozen!!  What happened to the 28 degrees yesterday? Its 10 today!! I'm not able for this!! 
Back home now, relaxing. Been out shopping! Spent too much money though ... 
Back home now. Did not find anything good. 
Back home soon 
Back home to the Frozen North. Am hoping @Podgod will get the munchkins today, but I think it'll be tomorrow 
back home today. I have parcels waiting but can only pick them up on the morrow 
Back home tonight... 
Back home, Kitteh is staying at the vet, should be okay, 2 broken legs/hip, stupid neighbor was speeding and ran over her  DIDNT EVEN STOP
back home, missing the coolest Basques, Welshs, Finns and Polishs all over the world. 
Back home, pretty drunk...! Great night-out with my girls, I'm gonna miss Eric so bad ! 
Back home, the show was &quot;okay&quot;...slightly disappointed.  Checking e-mails then going to bed!
Back home. But I can't rest just yet, I have lots of stuff to do. 
Back home. Going to sleep now. I miss Paul. 
back home. had a good time. off to bed. work @ 9 30am tommorrow. 
Back home. No fracture. The crack I heard was cartilage tearing. Crutches are the devil's work. I miss my wheelchair 
Back home. Sick without a voice. Poor Matty 
back home. still sleepy  off to work to make some money today!
back home.. had a nice mothers day. Miss my mom so much though!  Does anyone know when it will get easier? Going to bed.. belly hurts!!!
Back home... After 14 hours. 
Back home... missing Happy Valley already 
Back How come No 1s checking my pics 
back hurts  gonna go have shower then go chatting agen lol  xxxo
back hurts like a mother, 
back hurts so bad I'm almost crying 
Back hurts, uploading pics on flickr, gonna watch tourettes documentary on iplayer. I'll only burn or get sick if I go out into the sun 
Back in a mo. Cover Girls hubby on fb chat. She not seen him for 5 months 
Back in athens watching the tony awards. Class tomorrow. 
back in Bath, driving down this morning made for a 5am start to my day 
Back in bed for the 3rd time today. It's the warmest place in my house 
Back in bermy! Not the weather I wanted 
Back in Black... I'm having trouble with this riff... 
Back in blackpool 
back in Boston unfortunately   Job hunting!
back in boston with sooo much work 2 do...I dont even know what the weekend is supposed 2 be like anymore 
back in brisbane now  tired as hell, but that wont stop me heading out 
back in Bru. missing @Naraerae!!!!!!!  hope you're doing okay, girlie!
back in business. but the hair hasn't grown back 
Back in Cape Town. MTN SAMA's amazing. gr8 passion there! Sad our guys didn't hit more gongs. Idols: Sasha gr8 but Jason lost! = 
Back in Carlsbad. Driving home now. Couch in the crew lounge did not really help my bad back. 
Back in Cbus, too much work 
Back in Chicago! Head to FL in less than 10 hrs. Missing @JoshTCIB, @austincarlile, @jaxinhall, @curtis, @dennishegstad, @ilovetmills 
Back in cola, I miss my buddies in Aiken. *Tear* 
back in college  not looking forward to graphics i'll prob be killed by mick
back in college today 2 weeks left to do alot of work 
Back in Colorado! Turn on phone and learn from Twitter that both the Colorado Mammoth and Colorado Eagles lost their games today. Dang. 
Back in da city  means back to work tomorrow  although I have shot nearly 4 rolls on the fisheye 
Back in Dallas, boo  need to unpack and do laundry, will prb take a nap and head to gym instead
back in delhi...miss akhil 
Back in Dubai... Back to work... 
back in e office. its only a 1 hour shopping spree... but now i hv no mood 2 work! what's worst is there's a meeting in 15 mins time. 
Back in Economics hell. 
back in England finally after Paris..ugh, nearly turned round n got the next Eurostar back to Paris 
back in france    NOOOOOOOOOOOOO MY IPOD IS BROKED  http://tinyurl.com/oykqfa
Back in Fresno  waiting for String Bean Chicken in Fresno, CA http://loopt.us/kfbi8Q.t
back in Hanover and it's a complete ghost town 
back in HH and already off Aida Cara! 
Back in honolulu.  Ugh.. I have a headache. 
Back in hospital tomorrow 
Back in Hotlanta for a about a week, then off to Texas for a day, then off to Vegas to win us some money...or lose some   I'm exhausted!
Back in humid Hawaii, ready to get back to business. By getting back to business I mean go on another vacation. 
back in Jersey 
Back in LA, wishing I was still on the East Coast 
Back in le sydney. Sighhh.. Melbourne I'm missing yo already. 
back in Lincoln and it's a beautiful day people! Wish I could go sit out by the cathedral with a picnic but everyone not back at uni yet 
Back in London   http://tinyurl.com/kr72sx http://twitpic.com/6cgvm
Back in lynchburg and feeling lonely 
Back in Manchester. Whats with the weather? Sweaty 
back in marylanddd miss RI and RK already 
Back in Melbourne 
back in melbourne - study central 
back in miami.  waiting to unboard ship 
back in milan. terrible headache. sad 
Back in my old apt with my actual bruh. I have so many surrogates I forget abt my real one 
Back in my room. Had a great time tonight, met some cool people. But now I'd like to sleep and there are some very loud people outside 
Back in Nevada.. wish I was in Oregon with my big sis 
Back in new south ! Wrist =ouch 
Back in normal work since Monday. No more TT work for another year  The change of scenery did me good...but seemed to upset some!
Back in NY  Remember I burned the roof of my mouth. Well there is a piece of skin up there and I would like to get rid of it. Any ideas?
Back in OC.  Miss No. Cal already. Really good to see the kids (only 2 tho   Enjoying a Stella and starting to wonder about the WSOP.
back in office  - midges sucks
Back in ohio, eatin lunch then takin a nap! I've got the worst headache!!! 
Back in Ottawa where the weather is quite nice. Now to deal with office politics.    
Back in PDX.. It's hot here!  I miss the beach!!
Back in portland 
Back in puerto ricoooooo! Burnt as shit!  btw did odie have her baby?
back in rainy scotland 
Back in Riverside... due to circumstance 
back in s.c. and back to school...booo!! 
back in school again..4 hours of test before me 
Back in Scotland now  I miss Disneyland :/ I want to go to back to Paris, it's amazing :O
back in seattle after an amazing week in alaska 
back in sheffield - but no time to enjoy the sunshinnneeee!  booieo
back in shetland, happy to see PAWS! ...thinking 3 months is a very long time 
Back in St helier. First time in Jersey but enjoying it so far. Pity I'm working  http://yfrog.com/5fi7tj
Back in Stoke on my lonesome  Only two weeks to go though. And then I shall be freeeeeeeeee 
back in Sydney - i wish i had have stayed longer in byron 
Back in Sydney town- finishing assessments 
Back in sydney...boo... 
Back in Taiping, so is the haze  Eyes a feeling a lil burn and itchy.
Back in tampa, now with cell phone service! My back hurts and i'm sunburnt.  but still awesome.
back in the country... best vacation EVER &lt;3333 soooo sad its over 
Back in the doctor's office for the same stupid fucking foot thing.  Going on vacation soon, hope they don't hurt me.
Back in the house now  i get the blame for everything that happens on my street :@
Back in the ill Mil  Someone come and get me!
Back in the lab  boo mondays....Im thinking sushi for dinner...
back in the lab waiting on my optical density so I can image. . . anticipating a late night 
Back in the lib, no power points for my laptop so may have to move to somewhere else  Shame we have commandeered the cool table!
Back in the library once again, all the shops are shut so can't even buy a drink 
Back in the loop again after a week in Portugal, dammit it was cold 
back in the office after a fantastic long weekend... and it's raining in ny 
Back in the office again  but getting off early to go shopping..shhhhh
Back in the office from a 3-day weekend. Went fishing in TX with family. Had an awesome time. Hard to come back on this beautiful Mundee 
Back in the office today, very sad to leave Michelle and Olivia today 
back in the office, it's hot in here  #hatemonday
Back in the rat race ... Commuting to work no more beaches and sun and sand and ... 
Back in the room, I feel like I'm in Vacancy! 
back in the Sipp!  
Back in the U.S  Headed to Cumberland to give my dad some fathers day lovin'
Back in the UK ... work tomorrow  even have to iron my own shirt 
Back in the uk and missing the weather already!   http://twitpic.com/50uea
BACK IN THE US! ^__^ so glad to be back. chillin unpacking. doing laundry. ordered chinese. mmmm YUM! i need a boyfriend.  miss corey!
Back in the Valley  loved camping up north..sooo beautiful!! Must go back soon!
Back in The Vault, arrived 30mins early as forgot it was Sunday and there was no traffic. Have to wait till 10:30 for Starbucks to open. 
Back in the ville... Damn I miss ny already  lol
Back in the work after nine days of freedom. Jees, I would like 2 go out 
Back in third place.  Could really use your help ... just a couple more days. http://tinyurl.com/rxghtj
back in VA = back to work 
Back in vacaville... Trying to make the most out of my last three days 
Back in Vegas  
Back in Wagga.  They've tarred over the love song lyrics that were painted on the road from Albury to Wagga, boooo!
back in waterville... no comic stores near by, so no fcbd for me 
back in wellyz, yay (sarcasim) lol wana go back 
back in work 
Back in work after 10 days. Im glad! Hate being ill especially with the sun shining! Still at about 70% though 
back in work after a week off! Moved house n no internet yet 
back in work after my 10 day holiday, 30 minutes earlier start 
Back in work today - boo 
Back in work, birds are singing, I fancy a horizontal fitness workout tho :-p no women here tho  booooo
Back in work... boo! Got here in super quick time on bike today though. Probably kill me going home 
back int the wireless world...need somewhere to shower because we have no COLD water so my skin is bein melted off in my shower 
Back into Rag Doll Kung Fu, my husband and wife are stuck in Cali..I hope they get the next flight. I miss them! 
back is absolutely killing me. Feel like fuck. 
Back is in half today can barely walk  Http://the-port.co.uk
back is in total bits today :\ can barely move  why why why
Back is itchy, cant scratch it 
back is killing me.....energy level dropping..........vacation is needed. Spend my day off sleeping in till 3. 
back is on ouchy mode 
Back is pretty tight this afternoon 
Back is rather ouchy  Bus was pretty painful!
Back is sore from being in uncomfortable positions all day 
Back is still SO sore &amp; tense. Chiro did NOTHING for me this week. I see Robax in my near future. 
Back is wrecked this morning. May take a half day.  Happy Monday!!!
back kids asleep. Just played some Mario Party. Feeling ugh wish I could kill me some zombies or something 
Back nda da Boro wit 10min to get to work, not lookn forward to this double shift an extra tired  until I rest good day twitterland!!!
Back of my neck and part of head seems to be on fire. And I hate it. I'm not feeling well (again) 
Back off hols!  back on the diet tomorrow...boo...hoo
Back off miley, BACK OFF! NICK'S NOT YOURS ANYMORE! I'm so upset and sad and omg i'm gonna cry... 
Back off to Sheffield after not long enough with Elizabeth for my penultimate Blockbuster shift 
Back on dreary cape cod... 
back on east coast time 
Back on Missouri soil. Thank goodness. miss him 
back on muscle relaxers... oh the joys of playing hockey with a bum shoulder. My wing may have been clipped now...oh oh 
back on my cruches again!! not had a very good couple of days! 
Back on my midnight grind again...this is getting fucked up...Insomnia is better than this 
Back on my trusty thinkpad r50.  Now I have to wait for Woot.com which took nearly 2 wks to ship it, to rma my laptop, woohoo 
Back on nightshift tonight  x
back on selfsufficientish and freecycle now  and also  in that order.
Back on the AntiHistamines! Got to do something. Hate pills though. 
Back on the boat 
back on the bran flakes this morning, they are somewhat lacking their vigour 
Back on the phone to Kieran and Lucien. Demi must be asleep 
back on the road again...so sad to leave my honey 
Back on train home  mummy text to say chinese for dinnerrrr! Yeyyy!
Back on with the clinical laboratory sciences...i hate microbiology  Still...had a good morning at church and .. http://tinyurl.com/cyzvfa
back online after another intolerable offline absence. ...and also back at work which means no time to tweet 
back online... and no one to talk to 
Back pain  i'm writing lyrics for our new songs, my gash is asleep next to me twitching sexy LOL
back pain is killing  me 
Back pain now mostly gone. Headache still here. Fever gone. Still puking unfortunately. Can't even keep down water. 
Back people.... I'm getting sleepy already... 
back rofl!! Andyz dick still hurts rofl! poor guy 
Back safe &amp; sound in Brisbane. Enjoyed Cattlemen's Hall of Fame in Longreach, but glad to be back in civilisation. Ddn't see any roos  
back still aching  . hmmm.. it's been a while since i thought about old girlfriends I used to have
back to 78Kg  guess I should eat less chocolate
Back to a new garden plan .. mites and fungus have been getting the better of me   ( Sleepy day - fighting the fatigue &amp; symptoms )
Back to an early morning schedule  bossa music for smooth transfers lol
back to assessments 
back to back... clear sky, hot air balloons, weekend barbecue and next weekend finnish countryside... sounds like fun 
Back to bangalore... and then a bad news... Defending champs out of the tournament ... SAD ... 
Back to bed ! Thanks to my babe I'm sore  grrr.
back to bed. Everyone it seems around me is having a hard day 
Back to blr 
Back to boise, goodbye California 
Back to Boringmouth in a mo, not looking forward to it, or to the exams  Rubbish times.
back to boston for exams 
back to br 
back to business revision people  be bak in a few mins ...
Back to business stuff... that didn't take long away. Trying to grab the university's available support before I disappear home. 
Back to coding 
Back to college  Only for 3 hours though, which is quite nice.
back to college soon  i would rather have a decent job!
Back to college tomorrow 
Back to college tomorrow  not looking forward to all day revision classes booo!
Back to Crankshaft Department 
Back to daily life, and here comes the rain 
Back to Devosis after Dr. visit, they took my blood  #fb
Back to english coursework 
Back to hell in T minus 9 hours. Fml 
back to inFAMOUS , gosh ...... these load times are fkin terrible in dark athena as well  .
back to leicester today 
Back to life. Back to reality. Back to work after a lovely break with my man  Oh well.....at least Kaz is in surgery with me. xoxo
Back to Mukah~~~ tomorros is working day.  No more happy holiday 
Back to my box prison  i hate being handicaped
Back to my desk and books while the rest of the family have fun 
Back to my desk.  I think I'll nip outside when I need a break in a bit. It's too nice out there to be in here! Laptop would be ideal now!
back to my ipod, trying a restore from DFU mode, i hope this works, probably won't 
Back to my lonely room 
Back to my old shenanagans.......sitting in the airport.  
Back to my second world ...Amazing Thailand...I shall savour it as I don't know if i'll make it next year 
Back to my zoneee................. 
Back to Mysore and work and feeling really tiered....never liked traveling early in the morning 
Back to normality with a 'unfortunatly' letter. 
back to norwich i go 
Back to office 
back to office    on a holiday...   sob sob...
Back to office to empty aircon water tank  empty office gives too much time for reflection
Back to office tomorrow.. 
Back to one operational fridge. Much food lost. 1 week to garbage pick up 
back to reading.. god edward needs to come back i miss him its not twilight without him 
back to real world, hope everyone is good??  June is here but you'd never know it ,whats with this weather   
back to reality  and this shitty car...but very soon we will be LIVING in LA (with a better car!)
back to reality with a bump 
Back to reality, back to work 
back to reality. 
back to reality......workin until 6 today 
back to reality....i don't like 
back to reality....my little vaca was fun and relaxing... back to work 2morrow 
Back to regular life, with out my ace boon coon to be in town  I miss my cousin already!!
back to revision! 
back to saturday-job today. 
Back to school 2morrow for the first time in about 4-5 weeks  Starting 5th year aswel :o. On the bright side... no maths =D
Back to school again  Booo!!!
back to school in 13 hours. adam young hasn't been keeping me company much these past days. things on my mind getting in the way, i guess 
Back to school in the mornin  goodnight x
back to school today  not fun
Back to school today  sporting my potsdam shirt  mri at 4- wish me luck :/
back to school today  to hot for athletics
back to school today. 
Back to school tommorow  starting year 13 A2!! Have to make decisions soon... i don't want to make decisions! 
back to school tomorrow 
back to school tomorrow  i think we deserve another week x
back to school tomorrow  its hard
back to school.. back to school.. sad that im not sitting out in the sun 
back to school... 2 finals tmrw  YUCK so not stressing at all.. and i prob should be haha
Back to school..bio and then pe.. 
back to schooooool tomorrow 
back to setting tobacco soon I guess... 
Back to shaving again.     
Back to sleeping early 
back to stage 0 again. 
Back to study.  Vanavond vergadering Caritas!!
back to studying ... did I tell you guys how boring it is to study for an exam...I'd rather do lab reports... 
back to studying... 
back to tafe tomorrow...not really looking foward to it.. not exactly as good as i was hoping when i signed up...  
Back to tennis! Gila news too slow today!    #procycling
Back to the &quot;sending CVs&quot; life! Yeah i know ... really exited about it 
Back to the 9-5  Nevermind, looking forward to havin weds off...yippeeee! 
back to the army buzz kill 
back to the books again 
back to the booooks ! 
Back to the city ... I miss the peace and quietness in the woods  no stupid ricer and their annoying exhausts !!!
Back to the country and that means back to dial up 
Back to the daily grind 
Back to the damn sniffles again . . . 
back to the day job... 
Back to the doctor  oh well, at least I have Drake to keep me company. So Far Gone - Amazing
back to the everyday homework grind...no more sims and farmtown for me for a bit. 
Back To The Future was my generation's Woodstock. 
Back to the Grind  
back to the grind  wishing these 81 degree days started at 7am like they did in miami
Back to the grind stone tonight!  
back to the grind... 
Back to the grind...I do not care for McAfee 
Back to the grind: tried to get up early this morning but I was exhausted. Will get an early night tonight though: school tomorrow 
back to the grindstone, good morning GEICO 
Back to the Gym 
back to the heat 
Back to the housesearch, the one I wanted has been sold 
back to the office this week. got to deal with the Germans again 
Back to the office, alive but bored... 
Back to the painting again today! 
Back to the plantation!  
Back to the ramen noodle diet. 
back to the real world 
Back to the real world today; feeling a little better. Now I'm hungry! Got my appetite back..no food in sight. 
Back to the real world tom 
Back to the real world tomorrow. 
Back to the salt mine today  reviewing support tickets.
Back to the School tomorrows man!! Cody's operation too's!!(YN) Everything better go okay 
Back to the shoe-gazing and some Mancs (but wrong team  ) - Stone Roses, Made of Stone ? http://blip.fm/~7d6d5
Back to the studio for another long night.  Gotta get it done!
Back to the weeding 
Back to Tokyo tomorrow. Expecting some rain and no sunshine 
Back to trying to learn history 
Back to TweetDeck, #nambu is deeply broken, looks like its last update broke more than it fixed 
Back to twitter, and trying to configure my Iphone. Me and technology 
Back to uni today... Sigh. The reality of exams is about to hit me 
BACK TO UNI TOMORROW. My two weeks of leisure are over 
back to uni...and back to projects 
Back to using #TwitterBerry until I can get #TweetGenius to work again  its just not the same
Back to VA today 
Back to Vegas 
back to vet today for @missginger. didn't eat or drink yesterday.  mom's worried now. she'll let me give her h20 by hand dropper-style tho
Back to waking up at 530 every morning 
BAck to Walmart to get the pills that they didn't have ready when they said they did 
back to war *sigh* seems its always been the way; those same coast salish peoples raided up &amp; down this coast, alaska to puget sound 
Back to wes co !  
Back to westside to find will's texas a and m hat. 
Back to work  I'm excited to finally see my dad later today! It's been a while.
Back to work  Online today if required
Back to work  thankfully it will only be 2 more hours before the weekend!!!
back to work - vacation is over - 
back to work  Weekend was sooo nice 
Back to work ..,, long week ahead alot of doctor appts  should b fun
back to work after 1 weeks holiday   thanks to Heather &amp; Matt for nice BBQ yesterday, looks like another scorcher again today.
back to work after 16 days off   boooo!!
back to work after 3 very sunny days off 
Back to work after a 4 day mini vacation 
Back to work after an awesome 3 days off  Also I played the best game of pool in my life last night!
Back to work after holiday in 1 hour, I really need a new job, I miss being a tech 
Back to work after vacation. Oh well, it pays the bills.  
Back to work again 
back to work againnnn.. ugh at 9am 
Back to work already 
Back to work and its Monday  Arg
Back to work and its ugly out! Whyyyy  I miss you dear Florida.
Back to work at Siam Square...might fin around 8pm 
Back to work day  am I too young to just to ahead and retire?
Back to work for me!!! 
back to work friday 
Back to work from a weekend of eing sick  
Back to work I go. Bye-bye glorious vacation!!! 
Back to work I go...... 
back to work in 30 min... 
Back to work in the rain.  @homewineschool, the other chard from ChD was l'enfant sauvage. #tastecamp
back to work mode.. 
Back to work monday 
Back to work next week 
Back to work now, eurgh, now I think about it, electromagnetism is my least favourite topic covered this year. 
back to work on a rainy monday morning 
Back to work on Monday after 2 weeks off  
back to work today - bad times 
Back to work today  belugh
Back to work today  I need to work on becoming self-employed.
Back to work today  wish I would have taken today off for my dr.s appointment.
Back to work today unfortunately. 
Back to work today, miserable amounts to do  still feel a bit ropey but putting on a brave face.
Back to work today. Not sure how I'll go, still feeling sick from this cold and am waiting for the morning sickness to really kick in 
back to work tomoo  day 1 of 5 it will bee.
back to work tomorrow   i just want it to be summer already!
back to work tomorrow  at least i had a great weekend.
Back to work tomorrow  Got to plan a holiday soon.
Back to work tomorrow after a week holidaying in Conrwall 
Back to work tomorrow after a week off  looking forward to all the E3 news from everyone.  Halo 5? Fable 3? Gran Turismo? Mario (cont…
Back to work tomorrow and I have NOT missed working  money money money
Back to work tomorrow, holiday is over.  Sky is coming over very black 
back to work tomorrow, most depressing day of my life. 
back to work tomorrow.  boo hoo 
Back to work tomorrow. Boo. Hiss. 
back to work tomorrow..uggggggggggggh 
Back to work tonight.  
Back to work tonight......hard after a four day wknd 
Back to work when Madurai is still to recover from the festive mood 
Back to work!   Still sick though!  Booooo!
Back to work, but I was just here yesterday. 
Back to work, still sick  @ Walt Disney World Dolphin http://loopt.us/X2S1Rw.t
back to work. I'm lonely 
Back to work. So much to do, so little time 
Back to work. What a joy. 
Back to work.. 
Back to work... 
Back to work... but it's so nice out!  
Back to work... shit 
Back to work.... i actually don't miss this place at all... I miss seeing my baby however 
Back to work...@mrseoliver isnt here its a little sad actually  oh well the show must go on
Back to work...don't feel too tired today.  Really bummed there were no shifts on the hub. 
back to work...i miss playa del carmen 
back to work..starting with a desk move 
back to works.. 
Back to wurk-and im still not recovered from the weekend 
back very very very pain. Cannot turn left or right freely. Left  wrist pain also. Stomach pain. Everywhere pain pain..  Dying soon li ...
Back went out  Stuck in bed. Can't move. God help me if i have to poop.
Back work.  conference this week too  http://myloc.me/15BT
Back working at the porn shop   THIS PLACE SMELLS!
Back you know me I can't stay without tweeting for long!! This battery is running down tho 
Back! Fun night and only 1.5 hours sleep! Wooooo! Then we went to Starbucks this morning to find it closed 
BACK! Her cat is SO CUTE, I seriously wanna steal him~ 
BACK!!  WERE OUT OF CHEESE BALLS
back, now its study timee 
Back. Great holiday. Fab weather. But why is there no mobile signal in most of North Yorkshire?!? 
back...got KFC instead lol feel fat and greasy now  lol
Background is screwed and I don't think anyone sees my tweets ( Well I'm not getting ANY replies Again !! ) D'oh ! 
background story: I have no girlfriends in Ottawa during the summer. They live out of town.  *sighs*
Backing some stuff up to an external HDD to save space... running out... quickly... 
Backing up my iphone before I upgrade I going to lose some Apps from Cydia 
backing up my iphone for the update is taking forever!! 
back-just walked-found out the bad instructor was teaching pilates tonight-darn-so I'll do my own at home 
backk from Tennessee! TGIF. imma miss you, daisy! 
Backkk  Omg I got eaten by nats! 
Backpacking in south India...and the monsoon just hit 
Back-to-back doctor's appointments for parents 
Backup is still at 55%  I'll give it one more hour... #iphone #fail
Bacon of the Month Club sounds awesome [via @yahoo] Shame it seems to be US only 
bad / sad / urgh mood.  lol i love Tila Tequila is a trending topic??
Bad bad bad back &amp; legs pain today 
Bad BAD dream! And VERY sad  why cant i just get over him? :/ &lt;*jellybean*&gt;
bad bad tummy ache 
Bad bank; bad practices; bad man  Does he even know whats going on?
Bad Boys do go to Heaven. RIP Coach Chuck Daley 
Bad cold. Sore throat 
bad cough. i lost my voice 
Bad coughing 
bad day 
Bad day  except for some cakes and dim sum
bad day ! 
Bad Day ;/ ;( 
Bad day at the range today  Still can't drive. Heading 2 gym now
bad day from begin of the day : beibeb's still not here, my mobile phone is broken, client's rejection... hope not gettng longer  
Bad day have lost somethng i thought i would have forever, but my own fault 
Bad day not to look at the forcast before dressed. It's gonna be 80 and I'm wearing long sleeves 
bad day today 
Bad day! Broke into hives everywhere..what am I NOT allergic to? That lost is shorter 
Bad Day! I can't believe how mean can people be!!! 
bad day!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bad day, no inspiration. I need by GF's boobs 
Bad day. Son has failed his exams. Has to redo French 
Bad day. Stayed up late making business cards. Tired woke up early 4 rainy parade. Traffic wrong turns stopped by cops. Tie soccer game. 
bad day..   i was sitting ourside my house without keys frm 10:30 am .jus now i got my keys..
bad day... baby turtle kicked the bucket.  I dropped a few tears but realized it was from the onion i chopped to make my delicious pasta
Bad Day.... 
Bad day's almost over. Have a bad evening for a few hours, though before I can head home. 
bad dayy 
Bad dream  that whole sleeping thing, not happening.
bad dreamS again 
bad dreams blow 
Bad dreams make me wish you were hereee  hah
Bad dreams suck 
Bad dreams.  Sometimes I think my dream world won't let me forgive.
Bad dreams....woke me up &amp; still feeling wobbly 
Bad hair day , 
bad hair day. uuggghh 
Bad hair day...literally. 
Bad hair day/nite 
Bad hangovers really do make you feel like you're dying 
Bad head 
Bad headache 
Bad headache  hopin the medicine kicks in soon.
Bad headache infests me 
Bad headache. 
bad headaches are bad 
Bad idea: strolling through town with a swollen knee  doc says: meniskus. I say: ye olde partially torn ligament. MRI will decide.
Bad kidney, no hurty. 
Bad lessons are bad. 
Bad luck Dazza, guess you're nopt so excited now! 
Bad luck disallows us to have nice things. 
bad luck follows me around closer than my own shadow. 
Bad mascara = my tears gone black ... 
bad mood day today and i don't know why.... 
bad mood now 
Bad mood on Wednesday....Sorry guyz 
bad moods are contagious. i hate it. especially when a teacher screams at me before a test, i always mess up if i'm in a bad mood 
Bad moods are fun. 
Bad moods just suck ugh  not having a good night
bad morning so far - spilled pop (not mine) all over my feet and hit a gosling otw to work 
Bad mouthing USA on CBC lol ... and they're so correct ...   (a USA state wasting tax payers money on a hockey rink vs Canada not)
BAD NEW GUYS  there &quot;was&quot; a win a trip 2 the teen choice awards package. But it end'ed April.24,2009 im sorry i just found out BUT....
Bad news  I lost aaah hah that's good for me, thinkin I'm sum big poker player. I play to win. But 2day I lost... Big time
Bad news fellow vidgame types -- got a family medical emergency and I won't be at E3 this week.  For those going, have a great show.
Bad news for Laker haters (&amp; Rocket fans). Yao out for the year with a broken foot  http://tr.im/kWzw
bad news from MC  
Bad news guys... Tomorrows show in Lincoln is off.  really sorry. Factors out of our control. Leeds tonight is still on.
bad news i didn't 1st place  at the battle of the lyricist.
Bad news it, they just announced the oversold the flight.  thanks god for free WIFI.
Bad news on the day though... I'm sneezing my nose raw, coughing a little, and feel a sore throat coming on. I can't be getting sick. 
Bad news received today!   What can I say? Really bad times...
bad news sucks. 
BAD NEWS!  no more star section `eh?
Bad news!! swine flu is in my town!!  plus another woman got robbed!!! oh shiz nit
BAD NEWS!!! MY supervisor now taking half day tomorrow. 
BAD NEWS!!!!...I'm Siick!! 
bad news, my grandmother just passed away  minha avózinha morreu. Saudades.
BAD NEWS, REALY BAD NEWS 
bad news. my friend t0Ld me, t0m0rr0w we'll g0t bi0L0gy test. And I d0nt have time to study. go0d. Just go0d.. 
bad news... i need a frapuccino 
Bad news.Milijas doesnt qualify for a work pewrmit. Heres hoping the appeal works although after the Kameni debacle I'm not too hopeful 
Bad news: Getting stranded in Denver for the @TMobile_USA / @nba viewing party tour cost me the &quot;lead Knight Templar&quot; role... 
Bad News: I just noticed that I only have CS4 for 7 more days  Free trials just aren't long enough...I was just starting to love it...
Bad news-Pre-school is sending CR back to the &quot;Behavior Mod&quot; class b/c of all the aggression.   Now he's gonna lose his speech again. 
Bad newz  Wonderbred is very sick! We had to cancel our Poodle Dog show 2nite-Please go see Copper Pocket-they play at 11ish Sorry y'all!
Bad night  lost my wallet arhhh and I was supposed 2 b celebrating
bad night.  i kept waking up. maths exam now. crap. i think i'll be ok though. x
Bad night=bad run.  Only 1 mile in 8 minutes 40 and both legs are complaining... 
Bad nite.. Followed by bad day.. Followed by good afternoon n good evening.. But the bad beginning prevailed in mind 
Bad Nvidia card in my MBP. 2-3 days to repair. 
Bad omen... New custom has pigeons in it, and nasty evil one eyed cat from next door just killed one on my garage roof!!!!! 
bad part about having lots of windows at work is the magnificent vista of rain over a parking lot 
Bad people have been hacking things up in our shared garden  This is not the worst of it. Police are coming.  http://twitpic.com/4gz0q
Bad pins and needles 
Bad sleep again    lacrosse in an hour!
Bad sore throat... 
bad start to friday... can't believe spice burgers are coming of the market.  
bad start today - sour milk, no coffee 
bad stomach ache 
bad storms this morning interfered with my sleep  but then I slept in waaaayy to late.
bad sunburn  fun weeekend !!!!
bad thing about drinking, i waste the next day sleeping it off  i must not drink tonight, have to be productive.
bad thing i wasn't able to watch their concert here in manila 
Bad Throat  too much shout singing at the pub oops!
Bad timing, Percy  http://tinyurl.com/obz8fx
Bad to See F1 Breaking away  http://bit.ly/15STGM
Bad TwitThis!  The last tweets were for- Improving the patient journey: achieving positive outcomes for remote Aboriginal cardiac patients
Bad way to start a Monday. No weight lost this week  No more getting lured into drinking and eating by roommates. Gotta strap back in. :-/
bad weather 
bad weather   but i'm going to get some of the plant thats makes you happy if you smoke it....haha....
Bad Weather and no jailbreak 
Bad weather day.  Is that a siren? Most go. TGIF everyone- have a happy weekend!
Bad weather in baltimore  our fight's delayed.
bad weather is back, going offline for awhile 
bad weather no more days at the sea 
Bad weather. Please don't let my flight get delayed. 
Bad week coming up: deadlines, tutoring/teaching, class, work &amp; 2 parts of the Praxis test Sat! I'm gonna freak out! Help me! 
bad weekend for ohio sports... first the cavs lost then the reds got swept by the brewers 
bad workout today  maybe 2mrw will be better
bad, bad day today, just want it to be over 
Bad-ass thunderstorms in Indiana 
Badly sore throat i hate it.  i don't feel well now 
badly sunburnt and got sunstroke      amazing newss, soooooooooooo happy  x
Badly want to watch wimbledon... timings clashing with office 
BADMASH studios finally closing in september finally 
badminton tonight. I hope my ankle won't act up 
badnews to me ...my puppy died ... 
baeeeeeeeeee. he's M.I.A. 
Bags packed - Paa, Maa &amp; sis all set for a trip to Hyderabad. All of us r feeling bad abt the 4 days separation  Dim Dim DIm
Bags packed. Car loaded.   Heading out the door.  It's been fun.  Can't wait til next trip! Clarksville here we come.
Bah - I was exhausted hours ago, but somehow I forced myself to stay awake until 2am.  Bad Sims 3  Bad!!!
bah can only get the Java client for workaway working, the local client is 100 times better 
Bah humbug  i wanna talk to him more 
Bah i do bad things 
Bah I don't think @bing's FB fan page will get to 7500 
bah i hate having the flu...i cant even sleep  some one come save me!!
bah i have hayfever  trying to hide my sunburn with my hair....really not working though
bah I wanna watch phantom but courtney took it back  I shall watch the holiday instead and eat eggos for dinner
Bah no NYC trip for me next week 
bah now im bored 
bah rocked up to work &amp;&amp; found out I start @ 11.30  I'm an hour early
Bah so I already missed some Twilight stars on the red carpet?  
Bah some old lady just hit my poor mini 
Bah this hotel only has wireless-G  want-N...
bah work tomorrow, and lunch alone 
Bah!  None of the parties standing for the European Parliament here reflect my views. I am forced to settle for a bad compromise. 
Bah! delayed another half hour.  weather conditions in SFO
bah! finally got something fixed and sorted before i find that the site its going on is using jQuery! time to port that shit over 
Bah! I forgot to get shower supplies during my latest Schucks outing. Must go now, or continue being smelly. 
BAH! I will never get to sleep at this rate. 
bah! on my way to a family reunion thing  gonna die of boredom and annoyance.
bah! Starter in my car died today.  Don't know how much or how long it will take to get it fixed and get me back in my car.
Bah! Still at work. Lol my feet hurt and my nose won't stop running! 
bah!! I don't wanna do chores... or wait for the damn shasta guy to get here!!! I wanna see The Hangover 
bah!!! my wireshark doesn't work  can't see what Opera unite sends over the line... 
bah, broken .pst file - need to fix it 
Bah, can't log in to meteor, I need my free texts 
bah, cleaning my house before going to work.  what a wonderful day 
bah, Eve's starting to wake up. Don't really want to hold her and use laptop at the same time so crap telly here we come 
Bah, got to be up in 5 3/4 hours 
Bah, here I was out in the sun in my new hammock, drinking beer, playing the guitar and singing, and the mosquito chased me inside 
bah, i h8 waking up 
Bah, I hate doing car stuff. Paying for car maintenance ftl 
bah, i just got up becaues my alarm clock crashed 
Bah, Internet went out.  damn thunderstorms.
Bah, Miro Satan isn't playing 
Bah, no joy making tweetdeck sync between my iPhone and desktop 
Bah, no one to Skype. 
bah, running gave me a stitch today so had to reduce to measly speed  will breathe better tmr!
Bah, slept badly  everything will be difficult today.
bah, spent lunch sorting bike just to find that the replacement inner tube is punctured itself. FAIL 
Bah, tea and toast for me because my stomach is not happy   The tea is yummy though...
bah, the #technetvconf crashed on me for a 2nd time... Hope they can improve the stability of this thing 
Bah, time for sleep... Up at 6am ... Yuck 
Bah, work has blocked access to watching TV online, no #btcc for me 
Bah, working on my macbook seems so tiny compared to my pro. Damned hard drive faliure. No geniu until friday 
BAH.  Daaaaang. Hahahaha. I liked my entry. Sigh. No prom queen for me. And @JadeJeronimo I have no sound either. Creepy.
Bah.  It's clearly June 17th and no sign of iPhone OS 3.0 yet.  
Bah. It is far too early 
Bah. My head hurts and I wish I were napping.  Monday is dragging...
Bah. Stupid camera saturates me too much  Looking for stronger lights! xD
Bah. Stupid Detroit. Way to crap on my get well attempt 
bah. too tired to do anything effective, and the sims 3 keeps crashing 
bah. why am i so lame and boring? 
bah.. back to form, joy. i now have business studies coursework to add to my list 
bah... found the answer  time for new glasses...
bah... headache! 
Bah...bored ANDDDD I didn't get to play my drums today! grr. 
Bah...my quince paste ended up as quince toffee 
bahah, two days before my birthday, i'll be in the shittest mood ever! D: beware of seb on the 28th of April 
Bahahaha omg ur too funny. How did u stay up so late when u had to work so early? Yikes! And I want coffee 
bahahaha, its fine...i know but..well idk  but i need to get saving an all, and it would be good but i'm not sure if i can afford it,
Bahahahahha, gayest thing happened today. At work  It was embarrasibng and weird. But I can't fit it here so...
Bahama breeze celebrating Sophia bday...not eating though  http://myloc.me/4KPu
BAHHH i hope i pass chem  haha
Bahhhh! Math 
bahhhh.. cold weather is making my teeth hurt. 
Bahhhh.....no mushrooms 
BAHHHHHHHHHH got the wrong Fendi product code. nooooooooo 
bai ce ofticant e concursu asta @tweetika .... pisses me off that i on't win 
bailed on my skateboard! pretty painful  + walking home 3 miles! not a good end to the night!
Bailey was really pissing me off walking to the bus. I got soaked walking home 
bak and in pain....stood in an ants' nest ouch 
bak from showtyme BBQ!  It was so much fun except for the rain! 
bak from the doctor and i dont hav the swine flu lololol just the flu but cant do anything til monday 
Bak Kut Teh with @puiweechong for dinner earlier, prolly the last time before he leaves for SG 
baked a cake, nearly finished geography, and rabbits are safe and sound. I cant decide what bones episode to buy. 
Baked potato, fruit juice, crysanthemum tea, and yoghurt 
Baked some cookies, sooo good. I'm sorry but I am the best baker fo real. Now if I only knew how to cook, lol. Well like meat n stuff. 
Baking a cake with the kiddies. They keep asking to talk to Ricky and Joey, I wish they could but Ricky and Joey are having movie night 
baking cakes, my son loves them, not so good for me  he is so enthusiastic making his own games, becoming a better programmer than me 
baking fails 
baking in the heat 
Baking strawberry &amp; lemon flavor cupcakes. I burned some strawberry cupcakes. 
bAkit lahAt nG College sa buOng muNdo sA 15 pA anG paxoK niLa.. uNfAir nAman dApaT eLemeNtAry aT hiGhsKuL diN.. iiSsSHhh.. 
Bakit sobrang ginaw.. 
Balé de Rua.. I forgot to see it 
Balancing my checkbook it sure wasnt fun at all 
Baldy/Frango/Patches is now gone....i'm sooo lonely!! 
balikin laptop gue woy! huhu 
ball game rained out   going back to my day job tomorrow boo
Ballacks not playing 
Ballroom dancing in Gym.... kinda sucks  Last Concert of the season tomorrow.... kinda sucks.
BALLS. how much is time?  I wanna buy.
Balls. My ipod must've gotten turned on in my bag, cause it is DEAD. My metro ride is going to be hard. 
Baltacha out in staight sets, shame 
Bama isn't doing well, they are going to leave him alone for a couple of hours and then they are going to have to make a desision 
bamberg is very sweet and nice and cute. i walked beside an american base last night and told the boys to come out and play. they didn't. 
Bamboozle again ruins life every time I look. 
Bamboozle Day 1: i honestly dunno who i'm seeing today. if i wanna see everyone i really wanna see i'd have to stay for like 5min a set. 
bamboozle farwell! we left early but this year was SO MUCH FUN I don't wanna leave   I love lifeeeee
Ban on styrofoam on Maui is just a bill... not yet a law 
BAN the Nintendo E3 conference is over   
Banana Boats! I love them so much, but not more than Snow Cones. I had one yesterday, but I somehow managed to drop it.  Plop.
Band calls: complete. Now I have to clean up my room 
Band practice is sucking 
Band practice this afternoon....then over to Merv's for his Bday party.  Nice to see everyone....even tho I had a migraine   
band starts tomorrow 
band was alright, lead guitarist was pretty much the band though. bit of a headache though 
Bandage just came off! Looks good! Still laying on the couch!  I've missed out on a lovely day and I miss Curt!   http://twitpic.com/6ajnp
bandages came off stitches came out more bandages went on ugh 
bandaids and water just don't want to be friends -on my third one 
Bandit lee way was born wednesday and i can't find pictures anywhere 
bandpractice. i feel sick. 
bang bang bang....tired of the carpentry work going on in my house 
banged up and bloodied my knee running up the stairs... hopefully thats the only bad thing that will happen today. 
Banging headache = bad times 
Bangkok airport skytrain link delayed  http://bit.ly/3gVsLS
Bangkok tomorrow. Boooo my phone hasn't sign up to any oversea thingy. No texting or tweeting 
bangun kesiangan... i missed architectour 
bank and then helping a jewelry daughter w a show. she is having a rough time 
Bank Holiday Monday in the UK! http://ping.fm/Dj9Sc 
Bank holiday or not, delivering quality systems ontime is a must in the current climate. Therefore, today I am working 
bank holiday, the weather in england always lets us down, was going to leeds waterfight, but thats off now 
Banner on mbta.com said I could ride the Salem Ferry with my monthly pass, turns out only zones 5-8 passes are eligeble, I'm zone 4 #FAIL 
banyak twitter indonesia tidak men-set negara asalnya. akibat sangat sulit mencari twitter dari indonesia 
Bapak Ibu yg terhormat... I still don't know who to vote for.... Kok gak &quot;megang&quot; yaaaaaa 
Bar is too dark. I can't get a pic with my cell 
Bar Norfolk with AMG!! @Byron_mitchell bailed on me 
Barbara Silber  wishing i were in lake placid. http://bit.ly/TKfag
Barbecue later. Bummed about my car.. still. 
Barbeque sauce on a sonic burger? gross. the o-rings were terrible too! 
Barber got me lookin like Chris Mullin with this high ass fade  FML
BarCamp was mentally taxing but fun. Didn't get to meet everyone  I hope you all had a good time! #bcp3
Barclays entire system has crashed. I cant get at my money 
Barefooted. Sandals broke. I feel homeless. 
barely functioning today 
Barely getting home. Gotta wake up @ 6  FML.
Barely gonna Leave San Diego.. Not gonna make it back to LA in time to GO to the Laker Game ..No Shannon Brown 
barely got through class today; took a nap and i still feel like shit; attempting to do homework now. i hate being sick! 
Barely leaving evelyn's house..  so sleepy..
barely slept all night  studying some more than driving down to fordham I LOVE YOU
barely survived last night...and now i have to do it all again 
Bargh. I had to throw out my sister and 8 of her friends because she isn't supposed to have any parties. I feel like shit 
Barium tastes absolutely befouled. Like drinking two really mouldy cups of Gavescon 
barking dogs... AGAIN! 
Barley got any sleep  I need some zZzZ
Barnacles!!!! All these channels and aint ish on! Guess I will watch Lilo n Stitch 
Barnsley To Keep Davey   And Sign A New Experienced Striker.
Barrichello to win the #f1 today. I really want Kubica to place, he's a fantastic driver. Damn, why can't I watch it. 
baru want to bonding ....now you're leaving oredi... 
baseball makes my body hurt 
baseball practice canceled  but friend comin ovr 2day!
Baseball practice was fun until I twisted my ankle.  Now to ice &amp; rest so I'm set for beach vball on Tuesday and baseball tourney Friday 
Baseball with Benny and Arturo. Hope I don't die playing with these young kids. 
basement kittee posted about herself on my blog yesterday  I posted today about mah new toy! http://themeatloafy.wordpress.com/
Bashing my net even more. Its extra slow today 
bashy let me down wid who wants to be a millionaire 
Basic weight and balance arithmetic: myself + partner + 20 gals. fuel = 520 lbs. LSA Ercoupes can't carry that much. All that searching 
Basically been asleep all day. So naturally I'm starving. *sigh* At this rate I'll never be thin again. 
Basically done with my room, just gotta put some pants away. I'm running out of things to do 
basically got told today &quot;dont go away mad, just go away&quot; and it wasnt by vince neil which means it wasnt a good thing  it hurt
BASKETBALL SEASON CAME TO A CLOSE, HAVE THE DRAFT TO LOOK FORWARD TOO.  NOW WHAT  
basketball today! hope we win! i lost my paycheck  go figure..
basketball..yup, its fun. music camp was so much fun..i am so sad that is over! 
Basketball-ing... Yeeehaa....  the traffic isn't that bad tonight.. @kinsky kenapa gak basket?   http://myloc.me/2gEc
basketballl 10-12. who knows afterr.today would be a good cedar point dayyy 
Bastard weather! I'm soaking wet and freezing cold 
batal bikin suprise buat papa 
bath and cigarette..guess a wet cigarette 
Bath didn't improve the day much. I wanna be in bed and eat soup and feel sorry for myself 
Bathing suit 
Bathroom clean. I need a new vacuum  Mine spits out dirt now instead...I want the Dyson DC24 ($399.99) or the DC25 (499.99) *dream*
baths take ages to run, and the weathers horrible today. 
Batista just beat Randy Orton! WTF! 
Batman went in my batcave.   Nananananananana anal rape.
Bats scare me 
Battery at 3% ttfn - switching to iPhone - can't type as fast there  #sla2009
Battery died before burgers got served last night  but I'll twitpic the baptism photo's when I get them tonight!
Battery dying 
Battery dying and my charger is at work .... WTH Guess this is goodnight 
Battery dying. 
battery flat, nv bring charger, gdbye. bored to dead  http://plurk.com/p/12602s
Battery is dieing  Gotta go charge it.
Battery is down to 5%  I guess it's that time. 
Battery is knackered in my main laptop. Dell want �130 for a replacement. Feck it. I'll be upgrading soon 
battery is low_20%_#iphone 3g is a realy battery killer 
Battery low   Time out for 20 minutes.
Battery on phone is about to die and there's no wifi  Enjoy the webcast!
Batwing is closed  superman escape it is  http://twitpic.com/7ilnw
baw  the last episode of season 4, so good, so sad.
bawling my eyes out during greys anatomy. izzy 
Bay bound...d highlight of my trip! PHC moro or next! Birthday wednesday! 
bazaar was so much fun .. luau tonigggggght!!! last event at smm 
Bb brother has pneumonia 
BB is a bit weird this year 
bb is not that gd this year   non house mates???  NO!!!
BB test @ office.. duhh susah banget.. mending langsung pake aja deh.. 
BB where ya at????? currently back in crib bored as hell 
Bball tourny was awesome! 3 days without a cigarette.. and I have a feeling I am going to break that tonight. 
B-b-b-bored. No one to hang out with  Play tonight though! see you there?
BBC #iPlayer for iPhone has no 'share' link 
BBC about to carry London announcement... suggesting only one LibDem seat 
BBC confirms that 7 people were killed in yesterdays protests 
BBC NEWS Air france seats and debris now found and confimed now by the air force 
BBC Persian caller Arash from Isfahan: the violent guards attack people randomly, including a few Ahmadinejad's voters  #IranElection
BBC programme line up today - &quot;The Politics Show&quot; followed by &quot;F1&quot; - Struggling to see the difference at the mo 
BBC Radio Cambridge 9pm tonight! Check our myspace this evening to see how to tune in! Miserable day today  We're in Kerrang too!
BBC you SUCK, why is shitting tennis on BBC2 instead of MotoGP?! Crappy webcast ftl 
BBC: FBI 'cracks $50m healthcare scam' http://bit.ly/5WCwi Fraud costing billions per yr 
BBD HATES FAT WHITE KIDS. 
BBL..Let the count down begin~~~~~~~~~~ 5hrs to go 
BBQ at my house for my sister being home but i have to work through most of it 
BBQ at my house with Russell. Dunno what were doing tonight. Ack, I miss her 
BBQ chicken, plain potato, veggies last night. Woke up with tummy ache. If Mrs. Scale unkind again Wednesday, may never eat out again. 
BBQ in the rain.............you can't plan a bbq in advance in sunny Scotland 
BBQ place closed tonight so having to settle for something else, 
bbq stuff made, house cleaned - bloomin' beer hasn't cleared yet  -still sunny, off to gym
BBQ today...? BRILLIANT.  Nawwwt. I may need some alcohol.
BBQ with the gals&amp;pals. Of course, every fun event is always followed by work 
BBQ'in at Richie's house! Too bad I can't eat anything cuz of my stupid diet 
Bbqing with Ross and his friends! Wish the sun would come out 
bbs are huuuuurting, and ice cream didn't help at all 
Bby come home! 
BBY I MISS YEW!!!  ahhhhhhhhhh finally released some stress buh wishin it was all gone!? anybody kno somebody hiring ah nigga needs a  ...
BC Election...It is quite sad that there isn't a candidate worthy of the title of Premier 
bc i knew yall were not together man people just dont have a since of humor anymore. oh well 
bc of @cycling_yokel's question, i just looked @ the forecast.  storms tonight &amp; friday, @thatgirlmegan will be hiding from thunder
Bcos of the twitter spam followers mails I've lost track of my genuine followers 
BDAY IS ALMOST OVER  BUT AT LEAST I ENJOYED MY DAY.....COULDN'T ASK FOR MORE
BDSM: Pain...too bad...  (2009-05-03 16:28): The topic was pain. Me: &quot;Its too bad that pain can't be a pu.. http://tinyurl.com/c4dls9
Be a new video up tonight. But the 2 bad things are I still have. Cold and I don't have a SciPhone 
Be back in a few......why....why o why!! 
Be back shortly. Gotta go and get food and shit for moms. Im seriously hittin rock bottom! 
Be careful under rain 
Be glad you didn't come for tacos then... No power here (again, for the second time in 4 days)... 
Be happy for me 
Be nice im dying 
be_false is gross and disgusting and a kludge and is a perfect example of everything that is sad and wrong with the world. 
Bea.    Sad face.  #Tonys
BEACH IS FREEZING!!!... food shopping, lunch, yahtzee..the usual deal. missing plav 
Beach Please... But work instead 
beach then lunch with everyone before they go home and leave me 
beach this morning,bbq this afternoon. Back to school/work 2morro 
beach to surf for the last time  then packing and.. GOODBYE FLORIDA, HELLO CHICAGO!!! :o) beee home @ 10pm!!!
Beach vacation is over. Time to go home. Were very sad 
Beach volleyball tonight! To bad I can't play 
Beach was nice and refreshing. Now fire at waylands. Good end to a vacation weekend. Back to work tomorrow! 
beach with kait! im missing the ast girls 
beach with the vanessy! YAY! My boy leaves for AT in the mountains... 17 days until I talk to him again. 
Beach. Surfers. Bored... I get cranky when I'm tired. And i've lost a contact lense 
BEACH.. here i come!! waaah. this might be the last time ill come to u. 
Bean bag is feeling a little empty  must be time for some fresh beans.
Beanhaus in the AM tomorrow for writing + then the Levee; Dentist bill canceled a trip to Manchester this weekend 
Bear died  Could have been fall, could have been tranquilizer, they don't know.
bearly got home   ugh need to wash clothes,shower,sleep and wake up early for summer school :@
Bear's dog ate a pair of my underwear...  Hank really loves me
Bears want this day to be over. 
Beasted at basketball but has a huge blood blister 
Beasted the workout at Club LA Fitness but now I hurt too bad to get out of the car.  Somebody help me.
Beat day ever for 160+ people to come over for BBQ!!! I'm in Bergen co w/ Mira bc she's a stupid bitch around strangers &amp; food. Sadsadsad 
beat mega man 9 today, at last. then I watched the 21 minute speed run and felt bad about myself. 
Beat TOD w00t! Friday: getting ready for school. Got my xbox 360 back from M$. Eminems game still isn't on the app store yet, though 
Beat Valkyria Chronicles earlier... Damn I need to get a PS3 
Beautiful day 2day!!! Wish I wasn't in the mall all day 
beautiful day and nothing to do 
beautiful day here in KC! wish i was outside, at home, digging in the garden. can't tomorrow either. i'll be too busy w/ other stuff. 
Beautiful Day Here. Almost wish I wasn't up all night adding Videos. 
Beautiful day in Rio today.... Gotta work though... 
Beautiful day on Ocracoke just hope the thunderstorms stay away this afternoon...it's not looking good 
beautiful day out and I'm stuck in the office 
Beautiful day out but with Bruiser's torn pad...we are inside, no dog parks this weekend 
Beautiful day outside but I have a to do list as long as my arm - all indoor to do's  need to get off here and actually do it - poo
Beautiful day to enjoy the Arts Fest.  A lot of interesting items.  Didn't see a lot of people with purchases though.  
beautiful day to work 12 hours...not!!!   yey for magic winning last nite
Beautiful day yesterday then from out of no where a storm...wiped out my modem 
BEAUTIFUL DAY! Better enjoy the drive to work cause i am not going to see much of it 
Beautiful day! Maybe I will go hiking later, but now I need to mow some grass   All that rain has made it grow faster than i can cut.
Beautiful day! Too bad I will have to study... 
Beautiful day!!! Jealous of anyone who doesn't have to work and study 
beautiful day... and im working  leaving now so i can get some sun though
beautiful day... but i don't feel so good. 
beautiful days are really bad for business 
Beautiful little bird just stuck between the two panes of glass on our windows and accidentally got squished. Died shortly after 
beautiful morning...but i feel like crap  new strain of the swine flu in the house. the Dre Flu...h595 LOL
b-e-a-utiful night for baseball. u-g-l-y night to have a cold 
beautiful Rocky Mtn Natl Park hike plus some fun fishing on the moraine today, but we're now rained out of Estes campsite, headed home 
Beautiful spring-like day in NYC, I look great (new dress, fresh pedi, good hair). *But*, I feel icky...like inside of me icky.  
beautiful sunday....and i'm stuck inside  oh woe is me
Beautiful sunshine but got to work 
Beautiful sunshine today i'm very happy but I'm jealous of everyone who leave on tour with Simple plan  It's soo long to wait 30 days
Beautiful sunshiny day suddenly turned nasty..high winds, thunder, lightning, heavy rain. Hunkered down for the night. I want my blankie. 
beautiful weather here in kyoto, but today is unfortunately devoted to work  sigh ????????
Beautiful weather is not enjoyable when ur sittin in traffic!! 
beautiful wedding, feel super sore and bruised though  miss you two and im jeal ur together!! @meganbea @hoyacarey
Beautiful wedding. Made me feel VERY single. 
Beautiful, hot, sunny weather and I have to go to work. Moon will be out be the time I come in 
beautiful, sunny morning here, but oh so quiet ... again ... 
Beauuutiful day. I got made fun of for being so white (pale) earlier. 
because have I always to adapt to things? is time to they adapt 
Because he was boring  he had to go !!!!
Because I don't care to much for the guys who plan on playing it all day. If anything happens to my Gibson I'm going to have a shitfit 
because I just lost my first Field Notes notebook 6 pages before filling it up!! RIP  #fieldnotes
because i like being put on hold for 5 minutes with @planetgranite 
Because if falling for you is crazy, then im going out of my mind. 
Because i'm doing GCSEs early I should have study leave   
because im having a miserable lonely night 
Because of @bmblack34, I feel bad for not checking emails at 12:30am. 
Because of my Chinese IP I can read Chinese? At least iTunes thinks so, and asks me lots of questions without a way to change language. 
Because of peoples incompadence it'll be another hour before I get a tile on the wall. Gonna be a long day yet 
Because of some people I have to fitness alone  boringggg
because of thunderstorms expected 
because susan boyle sweared to the t.v. judge! because shaheen was really good! so...not susan. she has good singing i suppose. 
because the games that you play; keep driving me away 
Because the sun isn't shining today  http://tinyurl.com/pf9kzl
Because the world is so unfair? I just played The Sims 3™  for one day 
Because twitter is about being an attention whore: meet new haircut, same as the old one: http://u.nu/8748 She refused to cut a fringe 
Because you are who you are, you'll never know how I feel. And you'll never care. @LakrishaMariah knows who I'm talking about. 
Because you said you weren't going to be there one day. 
BECAUUUUUUUUUUUSE, WHEN THE SUN SHINES WE'LL SHINE TOGETHER 
Becca &amp; Jeremy are getting married on Sat. Pickles is getting married on the 10th. Crissy is getting married Aug 8. Wedding fever 
Becca had to leave  sooo dumb!
becca just left  and now im stuck babysitting. blah. mom is out of tow starting today and dad is staying here 4 two days.
Becca's a poo-head. 
Becca's back to uni this morning  that means my holiday as well as hers is officially over...bummer
becca's house. I haven't been there in weeks 
becka has a tooth-ache 
becoming a grown up tomorrow 
Becoming extremely tempted by the new YuGiOh DS game. Help me out here. 
Becoming Jane... Great movie! My mother and Austin...  *tsk*
becoming more uncomfortable with this back pain as the day goes on. 
becuase I forgot lunch I have to brave the wet and windy aberdeen summer on a food mission. Marvellous 
Bed at last. 30 hours (ish) since i was last here. Didnt even get a thanks from work for working so hard 
bed bed bed @samuelasanders do you never answer texts anymore?  I thought of you the other day and sent one but never heard back. Sad day 
Bed bed bed i hate this. I want out of this bed and out of this house  i can walk again
Bed bed bed. 1 hour late  but an hour earlier then last nite! 6 hours of glorious sleep then 11+ hours of work tomorrow... Still very sick
bed dude... unsucessful on finding music and choreography... 
bed early.... or call of duty.... hmmm tough call.... Last day of co-op tomorrow....  sadface tear.....
bed finally! My baby had the best birthday! can't believe he's 3 already! where does the time go?!   good day... now good night xo
Bed finally. 6am  lol
bed i guess. . .work tomorrow!!! 
Bed is my lover... You don't know a mattress like this... Celibacy is my ally &amp; my bday is in 3 days. 
Bed is so warm and cozy and bathroom is so cold and far away... Damn teeth that need brushing 
Bed might be a good idea for me right about now, I had have a full on nap this afternoon I was that tired 
bed now stayed up way too late despite a promise made to @shanonespionage sry i promise ill go to sleep now 
bed rest for all weekend and next week  neomonia suck
bed song of the day: mcfly - falling in love (well it isnt bad). wish i still can sleep now. 
Bed soon.....  i hope tomorow goes better
bed taime. hopefully i'll hear from the place of hopeful employment tomorrow 
Bed then work at 5am again 
Bed time 
bed time  huft my hubby is leaving tomorrow  i hate being alone
Bed time ! I miss my pillow all day .. Bad mondayy   http://myloc.me/3V2W
bed time i guess. what else is there to do? -.- my brain is confused.  anger just seems to be the best solution to everything lately.
bed time i think.......work tomorrow  nanight x
bed time in 20 mins, gotta be up in 6 hrs for work 
bed time now methinks. my head is faaar too blurry ;D i miss @jayechan_ and @promisepromise and bee  ily @sadiiiefidget
Bed time now. Oh my mouth is so sore and I've lost the Bonjela  Boo!
bed time on the ol'continent, even if tomorrow is holiday here; have to see my chiropractor for my back before leaving for CSS WG ftf 
Bed time soon. Like 18 hour drive home tomorrow!  urgh. Im still so excited about my voicemails! Love you @alyssalovesatl !!!!!
Bed time yet? Ok I've been in bed forever .... I just can't sleep 
bed time! i miss my cuddle boy 
Bed time! Lol, I have to get up at 6:00  ugh. Night pplz.
bed time, early morning tommorow  xx
Bed time, so don't want to go to summer school tomorrow 
bed time. early start tomorrow 
Bed time. Goodnight world. I have to eat and go to bed. Work tommorow. 
bed time. school tomorrow  i wish i was may already.
Bed time. Week end is over  so not long enough. Man i miss my place. Life sucks
Bed time... Office in the morning, then flying home in the evening.... Sadly, I have to return my rented 2010 Camaro! 
Bed time... What a gnarly day. Ah well, my list of things to do is getting shorter! Miss you 
bed time....think im getting sick...no fun 
Bed! Tummy aches aren't good. 
Bed, finalllllly. Exam tomorrow 
bed, pain 
Bed, school in the morning. Gym final tomorrow, jogging for 12 minutes ?! Sweet. Oh let's not forget the swimming and written part! 
Bed, work 9-5 
bed,flight home tomorrow  ugh.i love this place.don't takemee homee!
Bed. Can't sleep cause I'm too cold one moment then overheating 2 secs later -_- I hate being sick 
bed. getting up early to study math tomorrow.  but bridget's home!
Bed. Last day at DCV tomorrow 
bed. my tummy hurts real bad. 
Bed. Really feeling for families of the Air France crash. Have family who have made the same journey many times. Wed 'til they know more 
Bed. TIFA meeting at 8am 
bed. waking up at 5am  so not looking foward to that. Horse Show in the Morning!!
bed. with stomach ache 
bed... lots to do tomorrow...and still not feeling 100 percent!  and back to work on Monday!!!!!!
Bed... Work in am 
Bed....Have to wake up early for another day of Anatomy and Physiology classes 
Bed...it's so late 
bed..SAT prep course in the morning 
Bedd. wish i could curl up in someone specials arms 
beddd; throat hurts 
beddy byez, sickling  missin my family, want 2 hug J :*( &amp; don't no how 2 uze this..............yet?? lol
Bedroom TVs messed up  everyone looks like a Simpson...guess I finally got that 24hr Simpsons channel... but its the flashing !!
BEDTIME!  waking up early 2morro n waitin 4 an awesome day!  dude i dont care if youre reading you have to find out sooner or later! 
Bedtime. Early flight tomorrow. 
bedtime. feeling a bit  headache.  not letting it worsen by staying up late so, adieu! sweetest dreams twitpeeps....
bedtime. not feeling so well 
Bedtime. So tired. Need someone to cuddle with. 
Bedtime. Sun's up. 
bedtime.....i miss the boys 
bedtime...still hungover 
bedtime..at 5.30..need to do important stuff tomorrow 
Bee without her Cat 
beef is no good @awesomerita...it makes the tummy go bad...   veggies are great so are Sins' shrimp.
Beefed up his tank, waiting for my new comp... Will take a while to put everything back on it...  But it will be here tomorrow!!!
beeing sick is no fun. 
Been @ the hair shop since 2pm this is just a dang shame!! Ugh not HAPPY @ all 
Been @ the hospital since 930am... *sigh... I just wanna go home n rest...  this IV is makin me cold...
been 10 days!! i'm sure i caught the swine flu. 
been 2-3 months that sucks 
Been 4 a run. Little man back at school. House very quiet &amp; tidy. Bummer 
Been a bit quiet lately still recovering from missing out on yeezys 
Been a bit slow on the Twitter updates - I am sorry for that  Promise to play nice this week!! #traveltuesday
been a busy day and evening.....plants are pretty but they have to have water  
Been a busy day today not time to twitter  Currently getting some photography costs together and looking for some models - its a tough job
Been a long day , and tomorrow school beguns again  Lucky americans who has summervecation now! Well, night!
Been a long day. Tomorrow is the last day of Spring Break and I need to get homework done 
Been a loooong nite for UNC  in the 9th we're down 12-4.     Miracle, anyone?   xoxo
been a quiet day, where are you z 
Been a strange morning. I need some sustenance, a tin of soup is all I have though 
Been a while..Leavin a tweet....movin soon...signed up for RuPauls DR seas. 2...cats are annoying..&amp; cuz is a heroin addict now..LOVELY! 
been an eye-melting, drudgery kind of day. I feel so cut off 
been an hour and my OS 3.0 update won't go through 
been asleep since like 8. no sleep for me tonight 
been at work alllll day &amp; my feet hurt. 
Been at work since 6.30am 
Been awake 19hrs alr. Me crazy lah. Tmrw early meetg w big boss oso. Sure gonna gimme some work. I dun mind bt If only they paid me more 
Been awake since 5.30am 
been awake since 5am  sat drinking lemon &amp; ginger tea waiting for the day to start
been awake since 7.30am &amp; still trying to wake up &amp; im a morning person 
Been awake since 7:30! Grawr! And we rnt even en route yet. Trips suck. 
Been away from twitter for a while but starting again now! Lots to catch up on 
been away i know you all missed me...internet down..but anyways im siiiick 
been bingeing on kalakand from delhi's bikanerwala! calories v/s taste... you know which one wins hands down 
been brought one for takeaways in all his years of business. Customer after me said it was 'cute'. A generation ago this was the norm. 
Been busy all day...House arrangements. Finally taking a break (sleep), have to get up in the morning for a school meeting 
been busy at work, now must run before traffic is too bad. 
Been cable TV free for 2+ months and not missing it. But now with the French Open, I'm bummed. No way to watch online apparently 
been catching up on some TV. How sad is that. John was very drunk and silly last night. Hilarious. Not looking forward to work tomorrow 
Been checking out this Google Wave, Looks awesome from that developer preview. Wish I had access 
been cleaning my room ALL DAY! i mean getting everything packed up...remodeling the upstairs! no more glitter ceiling... 
Been contemplating re-piercing my belly button. The last one I had migrated out. It took a while, but had to remove it in the end.  
been craving chocolate malted crunch. 
been dealing with computer and network problems all day long, I have literally wasted about 5 hours so far  grrr #fb
Been decorating my nans house all day im very tierd now  And iv still got take my mum asda tonight aswell bad times! |-o
Been doing Homework ready for school 2mozz 
Been doing homework since I woke up at 9. Break time. Cleaning. Fun, fun. 
been doing maths and geography all morning 
Been doing more packing and written 4 classes worth of reports. Sadly no time to update my blog 
been doing the sun bathing thing for 30 mins and got a bit of colour, suppose i should do housework now 
Been downloading and installing softwares since morning 
Been driveing in da car all day now in roseburg Or I wanna trow up  I hate car rides
been driving for 3 hours...very carsick 
Been feeling kind of down lately..... Wondering wth amy is doing and why she won't holla at me anymore. BFD i guess. 
Been feeling pretty down about IRL this evening which has just made me miss all you guys more  can we not all just go back to Boston now?
been for a walk, now for a swim . . Poorly head 2day 
Been gone for a while.. Tomorrow is gonna be a great day.. No sunshine today    ugh I seriously need a vacation ..
been haning onto 2 netflix that i'd better watch - but the Tony's are on  I guess I could watch them tomorrow night...
Been here for almost an hour, still waiting 
Been home from Disneyland a week but still unpacking. Far less fun than packing  Getting caught up in my world of weddings though.
Been ill at wknd. Had no change 4 bus so gave TravelWM 2 much (which they wont spend improving my bus ride!) &amp; forgot keys.Not a good Mon 
Been ill for a week now.....just cannot shift this cold, grr 
Been in bed all day and I still feel like crap.. I hate this 
Been in bed all day trying to shake a cold. Bahhh I don't like being sick. Didn't get to the united concert either 
been in bed for two days with migraines 
Been in bed ill. Didn't manage to get into work. I feel awful. 
Been in bed most of the day with a migraine... 
Been in my bed sick all day long.  fixing to attempt to eat something for the first time today.
Been in Photoshop 2 days straight and finally finished a big $500 project! Feel so successful!  and tired lol.... got more to do tho 
been in seattle over a month.. it seems like years... im pretty much miserable... im trying my hardest to go back home for the summer 
Been in the basement of jackson general  now finally getting out! AJ{03*06*10}LH
Been in the car since half 5 this morning. Am still in the car DAMMIT 
been in the garden all day, my colds really come out now 
been in the hospital all day with my grandpa  things aren't looking good...
Been in work since 5am. Been up practically all night. The warm embrace of sleep is calling me, but alas, my eyes stay open 
been irish musicing ALL day .. thank god i have a break now !! im soo tierd 
been lately.  This is going to take some getting used to.
Been laying in bed sick dam headache wont go away  and i gotta be back at work tomorrow.
Been listening to #3Oh!3 alot lately. Registered for my fall classes yesterday. Now I just play the waiting game with financial aid. Joy 
been loving the sun today xD maths exam tomorrow tho  hope its sunny again tho! =]
been meaning to tell u i am bummed out i wont b at the r and r marathon! tickets sold out.   @oisellerunning
been miserable for the past 24 hours but finally starting to feel better. hopefully it continues to go UPhill... 
Been off all day..BORING....DAMN got R.S hw D:   
Been off coffee for 4 days - extremely tired 
Been off the Twitter and the PC in general for a few days.  The heat has been making my PC shut down sporadically 
been off twitter for a week now - feels like it anyway. my PC is out - like - DONE , toast. so im using a loaner one now.  sad.
Been on a comic binge today. Catching up on echo, dynamo 5 and dmz. Raging that iv missed an issue if dmz I issue 38, 40 and 41 but no 39 
been on a tweet break the last few days but i'm back now...taming the beast most call hair, ugh! 
Been on holiday - just back to work today 
been on the phone this afternoon, pitching briefings with a cold is no good 
been on the phone wit the boofriend for 4 hrs, long distance is WaCkkk 
Been on the road for an hour now - still nowhere close to Brenham  Cant wait to get home and get some Blue Bell!!!!
been out all day looking for something new to wear for Birthday next week with absolutley no luck 
Been out for a really nice walk  lots of bugs though  but who cares about bugs cos the sun is out yippppeeeeee 
been out, sweaty- yuck,  need a shower... hot 80 degrees, hate the heat... 
Been packing all night! time for bed now cause im shattered! A long day of moving out awaits! Shame i'm moving back to Dumpdee!  #fb
been painting all day 
Been playin' Halo most of the night with DGB.  I miss my chainsaw   Borrowed gears of war to McDamage.
been playing football in the garden and went on the trampoline and hurt my back o i have to lay in bed cos it kills 
Been playing on The Sims since ten this morning, don't want to go to work tomoz 
been playing rock band 2 and gears of war 2 for a couple hours with my nephews today, its been fun, but now I gotta work soon 
been playing the wii dance mat omg insane!! so much harder with the feet and controller nothing like what it was on play station 
been pretty upset today 
Been quiet today  feeling ROUGH!
Been raining here all morning 
been rather tempted by a Premier Projector on eBay...  But then thought that a fifth drumkit might be a bit excessive...  
Been reading about forced abortions and infanticide in China for my course. Made me bawl 
Been rebuilding my Dev. machine after a disk crash last night 
Been resting the whole weekend... this flu is tying me to the bed 
Been revising for religious studies for over an hour now 
Been sent to the naughty boys corner in work  http://twitpic.com/2y86s
Been shopping in Preston all day! My dad won't let me have any wedges  ! My brother is away on camp! YAY!!
Been shopping... bought some shizzle... nearly packed. WESTBOURNE PARK here I come!!! Aurevior NYC    I don't want to go yet!!
Been sick all day  just took some comtrex for night its starting to kick in..gnight ...I hate being sick 
been sick since yday &amp; now it's worse than ever 
Been sick today  eughh Avoiding revision for tomorrows dreaded GCSE exams!!
Been sick with sore throat for almost a week.   It feels painful enough to be strep but apparently its not..  I hate missing work too
Been sitting here for hours trying to revise. None of it's going in. 
Been sitting in garden with my mummy and also got a text from the boy who i thought had GOT THE HINT    obviously not.
been sleeping all day still have a fever and a really bad headache 
been so busy doing not much of anything in particular ive just realised i havent eaten since breakfast....eating lollies now 
Been so busy today. Caught between studying for exams and the sims 3!! So hard!!! 
been so damn looonely todaaay.  *sigh*
Been soo busy lately!! how is everyone doing?? Sister grad party tomorrow.. its going to be a busy day getting this house in order for it 
been sooo tirrrred!!! so over studying  i want it to be summer!!
Been staying up late recently, Not good! Missing my MA so much &amp; can't rest my mind  Well, it's seepy time TwitterFam... Blessings 2 ALL!
Been stuck in FireFox for a couple days now. I miss Chrome. Don't know why it won't start 
been studing for exams and kinda busy, i have tests all next week 
Been sunny all weekend. But grounded. 
Been taking care of a sick little one all day and have effectively accomplished...nothing.  Up now with a 102 temp.  Poor baby 
been taking flight every night this week...i miss the bonding tho 
Been thinking about trying the amazing menu at Cava? Tonight is their last night open. So go. I hate this economy. 
been to 2 walmarts and they r both sold out of the camera  now trying to find lunch
been to barnard castle and bowes museum. got a mountain of work to do 
Been to coventry today - rubbish for proper clothes shopping  now having a nice cuppa and reading a book: Been.. http://tinyurl.com/lcop5t
Been to fill my car up,thought I would have to get a bank loan (and my car is small) husbands car next (his will be twice as much) 
Been to get my 2 new pairs of glasses (one of which is quite retro!) and come home to find I missed Elliot's cord-dropping-off-moment 
Been to the gym, responded to emails, got food for tonight - can't put it off any longer...it's time to clean the house 
Been to the gym, walked Rugby, and now dinner time until late night conference call with Japan 
Been told by FOG lawyers to take F1 out of icon for Go Go Go! The F1 iPhone app 
Been told off at work for trying to get people to do their own dirty work 
Been told that there is a launch delay of �a few days�  http://tinyurl.com/clqja5
been told to have a nice life by the person u like 
been too busy this week to play any golf after work    hoping to get out tomorrow though!
Been trying all day to announce @teashopgirls is the winner of the free e-subscription, but Twitter has been made of failwhale. 
Been trying to broadcast from Twitter to Facebook using Flock but it's not working.. 
been trying to get a tan all weekend it anit working so far 
Been up all night with Marissa throwing up! Ugh! 
Been up and at work for 2hours now!! Off 4 hours of sleep Let's Go 
Been up chatting with the fabulous @ginayates who rescued me at the airport. Now for some zzzz before last good-byes tomorrow 
Been up for 54hrs! Go me! Class till 7pm.. I can do it!! Still no net at home 
been up for almost an hour, puking. soo glad im off these next two days. back to bed... i hope. 
Been up for an hour cause I couldn't fall back asleep and now I'm tired and have to get up for work... why can't I sleep an entire night? 
Been up for an hour due to loving, annoying cats that wanted to snuggle with us. Can't go back to sleep.  I feel like I'm on Japan time.
been up since 2:30 AM ... another night of only 3 hours sleep. Getting &quot;tired&quot; of insomnia 
been up since 2am, pretty tired but can't sleep  any tips?
been up since 3 and feels really sick 
Been up since 3:45am - G was sick everywhere and F has a very high temp! Can't get back to sleep now 
Been up since 5 revising chemistry, boy do I hate it!  totally failing today lol
been up since 5:45 am and this rain is killin me slowly, not supposed to stop till Thursday 
Been up since 5am with my poorly sick baby girl 
Been up since 5am, why dont I have the ability to sleep late anymore?! Rawr I hate it 
been up since 6 
Been up since 6:30 this morning...I really wish I could fall back asleep!!   
Been up since 6am ugh but I don't mind def praying for the grieving family in NY...   life is short... U never know
been up since 9 am YESTERDAY 
Been up since four thirty  Elijah totally takes advantage of his cuteness to get what he wants. I am such a sucker for it.
Been up since like 5am 
Been up since seven thirty to bathe before the plumber arrived. He's still not here so I could have slept for longer 
been up sooo early this morning and i dont know what to do today!  xxx
Been Up Town Propper Bored At my Aunty's Barbie  Haha I Was The Difficult one who didnt want the meat
Been up with em bein sick since 1am with me not going to bed till 11.45pm too  so beyond tired right now!
Been using #bing all day set to US - the South African edition is still in beta 
Been using GoogleAppEngine for some projects recently: Very sweet Java support, but the 10k file limit is killer for libraries 
been very bored today  he better come out tomorrow ! :L xx
been waiting for a million hrs here at walmart in line... 
Been waiting nearly an hour 
Been walking around london all day and never seen McFly or the jobros 
Been wanting to dive into card-making today, but finding that all I'm having time for (so far) is chores &amp; other non-fun stuff. 
Been watching FMA all day...39 down...11 to go...:X Starting to feel sick again 
been watching Hong Jitong! (korean drama) why do they act sooo good compared to our local stars? 
Been Watching my 3 wonderful kids, since i got laid off, i hope they call me back 
Been watching Red Dwarf series 1 again... seem to have lost my series 3 disc boxset.  To Ebay I go!
been working all day  Beach tomorrow to add to my sunburn aha!
been working all day, finally relaxing!! i miss you 
Been working hard. London had glorious weather, came back to Kent and it was raining 
Been working on getting and old site working on Railo 3.1. Getting there. Got SEF URL prob now tho. 
Been working since 9 and i still have not gone to lunch  stupid low staffed store.
Been working solid since early last evening... I hate networks 
Been working this morning   getting ready to go pick up bro from airport and then last minute shopping to finish packing
beeptest, blarghhh. 
Beer delivery 
beer was such a bad idea. apparently im dehydrated. i didnt think charlie horses could get worse then how they were earlier. owwww f.m.l 
Beer, pizza, krispy kremes and anna were a pretty fun way to end melbourne! Sad to go home 
Beers &amp; whiskey = awesomness, work in 8 hours = sourness 
Beers and Vin Voyaj Wine Company meeting at Firestone Brew. Only 40 more cases of Pinot Noir left - a year's supply? 
BEETHOVEN! HOMGGGG i love this film...... it sucks that its about to finish 
Before booking a theater, always check if a rock band will be playing downstairs on your performance nights 
before I could say use paper towel, a JK student took the glue off his father's day card by putting it under the tap 
Before I go, I dislike xx for using the same font. 
before i go...SLOW LEOPARD! bahahahaha DD i want another bananana popsicle but i can't  the rest are my parents! how selfish! kidding ;)
Before the Storm - Nick Jonas ft. Miley Cyrus ♪ Just a bit of the song  but I love this song is beautiful. Niley tells his story ♥
Before traveling to Belgium I have to wait for the arrival of my hairy friend http://twitpic.com/2kojw. D*mned we is he hanging out? 
Before y'all get 2 drunk make sure u wish @thscharmingman (dirty phil) a HAPPY BDAY!...my broke ass is stuck at home &amp; I can't 
Before you do anything rash, get it through your head that there really are no greener pastures. My astroslam for the day.. 
before: http://twitpic.com/6qebm - after: http://twitpic.com/6qe9t. I think I wish I hadn't 
Befronka:@Allynshs09 those best creations go straight to my ass  and I can't afford them on me right now.
Began watching an MSNBC documentary, too disturbing... I have to change the channel.     I'm beyond disgusted!
Begged ma bro 2 gimme 500 DH so I can go 2 Movie Theater…he gave me nothin, maybe next week 
Begging the laptop not too die on me - too much work to do 
Beginning 2nd round of Settlers of Catan in our marathon....my numbers are not good... 
Beginning my work day with low moral 
Beginning of the 3rd period and the Redwings are winning 2-1.... 
beginning the longest day ever by waking up late. no time for starbucks ohnoz! 
beginning to feel really nervous!! in just one month I'll be on a plane flying to the states... oh god I'm gonna miss everyone soo much 
Beginning to hard boil some eggs... Accidentally dropped the carton and broke three eggs. 
Beginning to remember why landscapers charge so much money 
Beginning to think Airport base stations are plain buggy. Both Extreme and Express are munging a TSIG key pair that works fine with OS X. 
Beginning to worry (more seriously). Trying so hard to not go in panic mode, but it's hurting so much 
Behind on my classes for work 
Behind the knee is swollen to the max! Help!! 
beijing food isn't that great..... 
bein a bum watchin bad boys in shit...gotta hop in the shower and get ready 4 hollyweird shortly  lol
bein a nigga ain't shit gonna kill me it might hurt for a second but im stayin alive BUT i love her so....thats that 
Bein at ice reminds me of the good ole days at revolutions @cthagod @djfrosty memories  I'm old now
Bein attacked by arthur with my own pen! In the boob!  arthur is enjoyin it
bein blowed at 2:o7am is pretty dope. its dark... 
bein only child = get dragged by 'rents on weekend n didn't get much respect frm them. 's just me, at least. sad 
bein sleepy at work....  workin all day
Beinazir didn't deserve to go...  at all! what had she done wrong?? gutted.
being  bored taking random pic of me with my new camera. was in salem today wish i could have seen reed 
being a begfriend! cnt sleeeep  wiv daisss :O monday (N)!
Being a boring bum around the house 
Being a cock blocker at brandon's house. Sooo awkward! 
Being a loser tonight...gonna study for a final I have on Tuesday. I miss my love...I don't like being apart  I miss you boo! hehe boo
Being a quitter is easy. Unless you're talking about smoking. Been more than 3 months &amp; I still want to smoke sometimes.  Does it end?
Being a socialite at several open bars: Good idea. Letting a drunk friend take pictures with and then lose your phone: Bad idea. 
Being a techno geek is hard. 
Being abused here! I'll post the piccy later 
being admitted to hospital  massive kidney stone, 15mm..! removal surgery tomorrow am.
Being alone at home, ain't so fun.. Somehow, it's creepy. Especially when it's at night 
Being alone sucks 
Being an adult sucks and swallows. *pays bills* I r poor now. No munneys 4 mi 4 a long t1me! 
Being angry in my car .. he just broke down .. 
being at work while sick blows! kill me. i feel like crap 
Being audited! Eish 
Being awake at 2 am coughing my brains out is NOT fun!!! 
Being away from home sucks. No Gemma  - but also no Xbox or WoW.. or Gemma. Still, T2 makes it a little better.
Being away from home totally throws me off. I just called home to say happy fathers day...turns out it's not fathers day... 
Being Awesome and bored 
being back in the bay makes me miss It sooo much! 
Being bedridden is all the more depressing when you're forced to miss out on a night of hijinks. 
being below average sucks! 
being bored  nudding to doooooooo. sittin here and sitting and breathing and winking and breathing....
being bored as usual&amp;&amp;lost my voice 
being bored in my room 
being bored in the RO 
Being bored is always so much more fun with a companion. Missing my bff alreadyyyy!!!! 
being bored is no fun 
being bored sitting on a chair 
Being bored to death by the Colin Firth version of Pride and Prejudice, such a disappointment 
being bored!! 
being bored,.. oh no brew,.. jaymees wireless isnt working so she cant come on,..  lol
Being bored. 
being bored... not wanting to go to work... and sick yay.. 
being bored....waiting for sean to come home 
Being boring today...may get my car back but my iPod broke. 
Being born in Detroit and raised in a car family this GM news today is sad 
being bums at the shore with amy and sush...miss school mornings 
being cold and nursing me sore back 
being confused 
being confused makes me 
Being confused.... 
being defeated by the environmental science final 
being depressed over someone i shouldn't even care about 
being depressed sucks 
Being Deprested!!!!!! As always!! 
Being devoured by my own hunger. 
Being down in the dumps. I was happy becasue till now. Today was the last day of school. Summer's here. I FEEL HORRIBLE!!!   urrrr..... 
being drunk FTL.. broke my touchscreen phone somehow 
being excluded is not fun at all  but getting revenge is 
Being forced to go to a boring horse show 
Being forced to go to Borders. 
being forced to watch saw. not looking forward to it 
being frustrated. hating my life. what sense does it make to send me my soulmate and make it so we cant be together? i wanna hit stuff 
Being gay with taco who is inb lake Tahoe 
being good to bees is difficult when the plant you've been growning for 2 months falls off the ledge the plant pot decapitates its stems 
Being grumpy. Abu Dhabi is so boring. There really is nothing to photograph and no one to go with 
Being haunted by my back yard kinda sucks 
being ill on the sofa feeling very sorry for myself 
Being ill sucks 
being in an arcade reminds me very muchly of tegoshi yuya. i miss my fandom, alot 
Being in Hayward today made me really miss the penthouse 
being in that...Damn, I di it again,: Mood 
Being In the hospital alone is scary. 
Being Laaaazzzzyyyy. I don't want to study 
being lame and going to bed at 1130. 
being late is NOT good  and forgetting you wallet also makes the day just that tad worse D:
being lazy in like... forever, still something missing though 
being lazy, hoping shes not getting sick! 
Being lectured on MSN... 
Being Lonly 
being majorly lonely and sadd  .
being miserable due to being back at work and not on the beach in Newquay 
being miserable.. i need to find time to go to the drs 
Being Mrs Domestic today - hoovered, mopped floors and pot of homemade soup for the wee one bubbling away.  Next stop ironing 
being nicotine free has made me quite grouchy! 
Being on your period and having a sore throat doesn't mix well.  i want to die
Being out in the sun makes me soo tired. I love texas, but i miss my brad bear oh so much 
Being outside earlier got me back in bed. I guess I am not completely over my flu. 
Being outside so long got my allergies bothering me. I scratched my nose so much its red as hell like I have a sore. I look like Rudolph 
being phoneless sucks !  
Being practically bed ridden sucks!! I haven't worked since Tuesday I have to go to the doctors tommorow 
being productive now!!! i hope 
being sad about losing followers..i be oh so boring 
being sad about the bad weather 
being sad at no sound on Autumn's computer  haha
being sad cause Jonathon is mean to me. 
being sad cuz billy wont talk to me and i miss him    
being school teacher for the morning as my son Samuel has been excluded for the 8th time 
being shushed 
being sick  again!!!! 
being sick  yesterday went to work then slept watched new moon trailer! woo! now just woke.
being sick away from home is not good 
being sick doesn't help my already tight dissertation-writing schedule at all  #fb
being sick during the summer RIGHT WHEN the weather gets good is NOT crackin 
being sick freaking suckss 
being sick in such nice weather.. is a thumbs down 
being sick in the summer is by far the worst 
Being sick in the summer is lame 
Being sick is no fun!  (but I'll use this downtime to work on the wine label design)
Being sick is not cool at all 
Being sick is not fun   Michael David / Red Blue Records
being sick is not fun at all 
Being sick is not the business... 
being sick is such a pain in the butt 
Being sick is the worst, cause all you want is a hug, &amp; no-one will give you one! 
Being sick really blows  ...
Being sick really isn't fun. Still have to go into tech though 
being sick really sucks!  Especailly since this is like the 4th time this winter...(ok its spring, but you'd never know!)
Being sick sucks  summer school this Monday T_T
Being sick sucks ass!  especaily during SUMMER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Being sick sucks! So on a beautiful day like today...I'm stuck inside 
being sick sucks.  espeacially when you've got a school ball comming up 
Being sick sucks. I really have fevers. 
being sick sucks.. hopefully i'll feel better by Friday 
being sick! sucks     blughhhhhhh im borde
being sick. a sore throat and a headache 
Being siick. Graad on Mondaay.       
Being slowly destroyed by letting agent owing me, running out if food and cant afford to get back to see the mum and the sisters  xx
being so tired and not being able to sleep, have to get up at 6.30 for work 
being spammed by every mailing list I am subscribed to about EOFY sales. I hate the fact that i can't shop. very sad 
being startled awake by a huge crash of lightning next to your head is yelping material...scary 
being Stoned makes my waffle cutting louder, food last longer, and freezis melt faster 
Being stuck doing essays when the weather is so nice outside is particularly bad. 
Being stuck in traffic on 135th for no good reason is the beginning of a bad sat night... 
Being stuck inside on a lovely warm sunny day like today is so annoying  Oh well its summer on tuesday at 12pm!! And not a moment too soon
being suspended from my job sucks 
Being teased by the Dees... surely they'll run out of puff and break my heart for the 7642nd time! 
Being that romantic should be illegal.. I'm confused. 
being this finacially fucked shouldn't be allowed 
being tired is not an option anymore.  hahah
Being tortured with the cream of ice 
Being treated like the little step sister by @msbourgeoisie and @luv_fashion 
being unable to deny the fact that I suffer from a receding hair line is the worst part of getting my monthly hair cut  haha
being up all night is NOT amazeballs! 
being v stressed out is not how this day began! nor is it a good emotion when its boiling out 
Being vertical results in screaming back pain   Medicating and laying back down. Damn, and I had things to do today. Grrrr!
Being Very Bored 
being watching the hills S3 all day. Still not feeling well, it sucks hard 
Being with someone who has a boyfriend at a party makes me sad and makes me realize i dont have anyone 
being yelled at by my mom &amp; the things she says really hurts. 
Beingng Lazy &amp; Hungover.....Back Into Wor @ 5  ---
Bejeweled Blitz has grown so popular that our servers are beginning to buckle under the weight of millions of falling gems.   
bekal makan siang gw hari ini sucks ! 
Belgian waffless, mmm :9 its a friggin sauna in class, no a.c 
Belgian weather but no Belgian wafels today... (via @waffletruck)  
Believe it or not I'm a super geek 
believe it's actually over 
believes I'm making a transition into a depression, every phone call, website, piece of mail, general convos, family, church depresses me 
Belinda just left... I miss her already 
Bell will ring soon. UGH!!! I have Science last. 
Bella  ihas a cold and is not happy  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6884622
Bella doesn't love me no more 
Belle and Sebastian are not helping with my wake up 
Bellvue has a lot of crazy people... Most of them work for au bon pain  YIKES!!!
Belly is in pain. 
bellyache 
Belmont Station = good times; hangover not so much 
Beloved Fantasy novelist David Eddings passed away yesterday.   http://tinyurl.com/p9putm
Beloved leaves for Seattle arts conference today 
ben woke up for work, and now im awake 
Ben woke up w/ a nightmare at 5am.  I'm not a great lullaby singer @ that hr lol. He's back 2 sleep and I had time to make oatmeal b4 work
benadryl makes a body feel gooooood.  some flower or something hit my arm during tonights run and it my arm got all splotchy.  
bendito nepoleon was not eating because his food was taken over by an army of ants  i took care of that.
Bendtner's not starting, thumbs down to that decision  he's been playing so well recently!
benefit eyecon &amp; erase paste are my BFF's right now. damnit undereye circles 
Benny didn't get top dog  but he raised around $1200!
Benny's out. 
Bens car broke down in the middle of nowhere. Ahhhhh! 
beras habis terpaksa ke carrefour deh  CAPE..!!
berfday over 
bergman night? yes I think so... too bad @eosbo isn't here to explain it to me afterwards 
Bernard is my shadow today, it's going to be so hard to leave him  working 1 to 10! Yay then i probably dropping a test off @lion's
Bernie Fraser has a really dull voice. I don't wanna learn about super if he's the teacher. 
Berocca time i think. shouldn't be drinking on a school night 
BerryWell photo shoot is today! Woo! Err... yay for #cramps tho. 
bertanya-tanya blog ranking trun trus y???  http://plurk.com/p/11wgow
Besides, how can I bring someone to &quot;follow&quot; me ? 
besides: toothache 
best crack on with the school work , tried to avoid it for too long 
Best day and worst 
best day ever..wosrt morning ever. 
Best day! Went on my boat with my besties! Tubing is sooo fun. Sunburnt 
Best Editorial Ive seen in a long time, I need to work harder    http://bit.ly/1xpi4
best friend is going to Europe tomorrow and I am stuck in Maryland 
Best friend just sent me this text- &quot;You've totally lost it. You need help&quot; 
best friend needs me, and i cant be there for her 
Best Friends Over , Gonna Chill With Her &amp; Then Go Get Sims 3 !  &lt; - Got My Cellie And Laptop Taken Away Though !  I Hate Report Cards !
best go to sleep, up at 5:30 for work  bad times!
BEST KISS, LET'S GO MY DEAR ONES. I WANT SO MANY PEOPLE TO WIN THIS CATEGORY   
Best night ever. I wish my wisdom tooth would stop hurting   time for sleep.
best picture i have from where im at 
best show ever tonight and also the last! how depressing 
best thai food ever, worst service ever.  quite the complex 
Best thing I'm about to do today: Work out! Tryin to get my summer bod back  who's with me??
Best thing to do when sick.... organize ID3 tags. Im such a geek. 
best weather ever! but got to do a drama essay 
best week ever. too bad i have to go home tomorrow tho 
Best weekened ever...back to work 
Best! Best! Best! Where are my boys  this is a day of coming up. Wanna share
Best: the nice weather before it started raining.  Worst: I did not sell any lotion 
Bestie colored my hair, she's heading out  - taking Sarah back to campus and then hangin' at the bowl with Lisa. Nice, chill weekend!
Bet awards got tha LA flights lookin stoopid! ...fucked my plans up no doubt 
Beta 5 of 3.0 expired today, back on 2.2.1 until the public release. I miss it already 
betee nih gue masa gak ngerti twitter gitu deh  please help meee
Betrayed and used by the only person I fully trusted... man, it hurts bad.. 
Bets Ned the Pie Man makes a scrumptious blackberry pie.  Wish I could go to the Pie Hole and get me a slice 
Better but still feeling sick 
better clean that piss up. 
Better get back to work 
Better get back to work I suppose... 
better get ready for work then 
better get ready for work. AGAIN. fail 
better get to bed. i have two services tomorrow starting at 8a. and i don't want the sleep demons to win this Sunday!  GN
Better go 2 bed ,shouldn't have opened my MSN 2night, missin someone 2 much n the ones I thought might miss me, miss my translation help 
Better go 2 sleep, this headache rly killin me!!!!!! 
better go now. Parking tickets suck. Also hungry 
Better go to PT now. 
Better go to sleep. Gotta be up in 4 and a half hours for work  Damn you Kira for coming home late and making me want to give you a hug!
Better make lunch. A girl has to be nutrionally supplied for the day. I won't be using the bread, though. 
Better order your #stampinup Soft Summer card kit, soon. This stamp set is NOT in the new catalog  http://snipr.com/k6cok
better rethink my doggie in the future lol    or get outside one.thats what im use to.but i dont want a outside one..what to do what to do
Better start doing some RE revision now. Goodbye social life, I'll be back in an hour 
Better start doing some revision 
Better than I was thanks Viv.. I had some stronger pain killers today but they made me sick  Hows school?
Better than yesterday but still not good enough. Stickers will have to wait til tomorrow 
betterrr dude...if only they knew how hot that was &lt;3 haha...this girl is giving birth on my TV  gross...lol im not watching it though
Bettina has fever now!  &amp;&amp;she`s classmates with Vicky who was sent home a while ago. :O Swine, is this you? 
Betty is the nicest friend for mothering me while I cry that Thade is leaving tomorrow. I HATE goodbye's... 
Betty was adopted 
Between a rock and a hard place about tonight. Blah. Fuck it. Imma just go to sleep. He's going to be gone until tomorrow night. 
Between brimley and accident on frwy getting nowhere fast..sigh...gonna be late to see @ninjabetic 
Between Denmark and Sweden there are No train,No busses,No flight.  Im stuck here 
Between no shower after practice, sneeze face, bloody knuckle and kleenex pants, i'm the grossest person alive right now 
Between no sleep and sitting in the kitchen while my mom made Mexican rice, my eyes are on fire. 
Between photo editing, writing reviews, and updating Dreaming Of Faith, I've gotten nothing done today. 
between Pitt-Start and the hospital, I don't have a day off until May 30th.  ...p.s. let's go pens!
Between the losses for @FCGoldPride, @SkyBlueFC, and @Arsenal, it has been a sad, sad week in my soccer world 
Between T's coughing and vacation excitement I did not sleep well at all!  in Rochester, NH
Beutiful day today!! So warm and a clear blue sky... perfect studio weather 
beverly center here i come to shop away!! need dress for awards tomorrow 
Bewildered by #photography post processing 
bex is back in town! twitter booted me out as i went over my limits  lol
Beyonce- broken hearted girl 
Beyonce's new single during which she says &quot;halo&quot; repeatedly makes me miss my xbox that much more 
Beyond excited for Secret Life in 20 mins! Missing my Jew though 
Beyond exhaustion  work at 9am
beyond tired 
Beyond tired. Wine would be so good right now. Wine &amp; a cigarette 
bf brother went back to PI &amp; we wont see him for another 2 years. hope he stays safe 
Bf is snoring and he sounds like the exorcist.  fml
bf leaves for CA today til Saturday  alone until Wed -then fam gets here!!! ya!  PS - 90+ today, sizzlin'!
Bf left for work, which means I'm all alone until like 1am.  AND there's thunderstorms.
BF tweet#1...I keep having to block pervvy followers on twitter...I bet Brandon Flowers doesn't have this problem 
Bff got mad now everyone is in a bad mood... 
bfff gone back to airport  was a brilliant weekend! movies and food and lots of chatting. also, saw star trek twice. what can i say but...
BFG firework battle just frontpaged, let's start the countdown till a &quot;WTF HOW DID THIS GEt FPEd&quot; comment gets dropped.  Or post delete.  
bght my ticket 4 sunny louisiana! woot! was thinkin, y do ppl say unnecessary hurtful things? there is really no need, it's n poor taste 
BGP ist soooooooooooooo toooooooooollllllll 
BGT was great last night i love jamie at the end he was so good he was proper scared arr bored bank holiday  love you all x
BGT!!!!!!! - Will be gutted when it finishes tomorrow  - Stavros Flatley all the way! 
Bhala uska Green mere Green se Green Kaisa ...jokes apart...I am very much concernded about developments in Iraan 
Bianca is leaving next week to Califronia..I'm going to miss her soooo much. I miss her already just thinking about it 
big ass fkn unknown specimen bugg just killed all the sleepy time outta me for a minute. too many trees out here. but i like trees 
BIG ASS STORM #2 just hit. Ugh! REALLY loud thunder again 
big bear was fun last night. haha nathan made a deer jump to it's death. poor deer 
Big booming thunder storm almost here.  Maybe we can all go home early???  Ah... probably not. 
big bro is helping me w/ history I don't wanna do this anymore  whoever hates johnson say I!
big brother is  absoloute shit this year 
big brother is hardly entertaining yet!  looking forward to a lovely sleep tonight!
big brother should be banned 
Big Brother starts this week. What could be worse 
big brothers BAAADDDD this year. disappointed  think rex should go backk in this year. (LLLLLLL)
Big cheese you aren't the same and I am sad 
Big congrats to our Weight Loss Challenge contestants! Every1 did so well! PS - Gippsland have taken the lead in the Twitter war! 
Big crop of #sex #spammers and #social marketing gurus coming through - don't bother - you will be blocked! 
Big Day appears to have floped. 
big day tomorrow....test time!  wish me luck
Big event of the day was rescuing a lizard from my cat's jaws --first, a tail swirling in his mouth--then the poor surviving remainder 
Big exam Friday approaching.. Eek! Two, two hour exams...time to revise revise and revise...sooner be at work than doing this 
big exam on friday 
Big face hundreds! Lol...super bored on this tuesday but what do i expect its TUESDAY 
Big Fashion Don't is wearing your workout clothes all day long. Wait that was me today 
BIG FYI @nwf The 'enter photo contest' button leads 2 this: 'Server Error in '/PZ' Application.' 
BIG issues 
Big Laptop is too big, so it's time to switch to the Eee.  Bye big guy 
Big layoffs at Rare apprently 
Big Mama is missing her mommy!  she is always gone! http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6305303
Big night last night. Was fun. Paying the price now. Also fell down the stairs this morning  carpet burn. Ouch.
Big Norm, the worlds largest pig, died in sept last year of heart attack   
Big on Bloor may be rained out this Sat  If I stay home it will sure be sunshine all the day, if I go I am sure it will rain...just luck
Big Papi goes 1 for 5... and improves his average... sad and scary  #redsox
big plans, learn to drive, find a new job, um go to court 
big problem... i'm barely scheduled to work w/ my favorites this season. WHY DO I ONLY HAVE ONE DAY WITH TIFF?!   guhhhh
Big rain delay at Bethpage  - maybe that'll help Tiger, he needs to make a move fast.
Big Sam Houston is not big enough to overcome the challanges of moving-car-iphone photography  http://yfrog.com/0xhu5j
big spider just gave me the shock of my life 
big storm coming my way 
Big storm just passed through.  Our tree broke and took out my entire orchard! 
BIG storm last night, appears to be affecting AT&amp;T internet/3G connection.    Good thing I have this full-time job keeping me busy. ;-)
Big storm with a tornado warning.  Welcome home.    If it gets too exciting and we hide in the tub, expect twitpics!  ;-)
big suprise its rainin again  english weather it never disappoints 
BIG thunder + hail = mortally terrified dog. 
Big worried hugs are being sent to @meg_la_mania and @nova_caine. I'm sure Pops will just be wandering. 
Big Z did not walk off 
Big, capacious wooden kitchen island 120x240 metric - thought I was buying it but we're not  Photos &amp;c on request if you're interested.
Big_Rick:  so no more pregobaby http://tinyurl.com/l4t5f8
Big_Rick: Why are you taking the phone back  http://tinyurl.com/lmhqvt
Big_Rick: You will be missed  http://tinyurl.com/nmm8bs
Big2 was a epic fail tonight  someone needs to teach me strategies. or time for a new card game guys
BigBrother next friday (GOOD?/BAD?) - &quot;priority tickets&quot; - the least they could give us 4 not letting us in Xfactor 
Biggest food fight/mosh pit ever and i miss it from across the school 
Biggest headache still, boo! Off to work 
Bike got stolen last night. 15 minutes after getting it all the way to London and chaining it up. 
Bike mechanic overtightened a nut on my rear wheel and now I can't unscrew it to repair a puncture 
bike pump is dead.. 
bike ride was okay. winds blowing really bad right now..I had to come in 
Bike trail - 1, Miss J - 0, two front teeth - 1 1/2.. Hopefully! Vacations suck! 
Biked 65 miles into fallon today. Tomorrow the north and south routes split 
Biked to work for the second time...too bad it is on a sunny Sunday 
Biked to work today, 12.5 miles in cool weather, slight downhill most of the way.  Riding home will be hotter and  slightly uphill.
Bikes are expensive  ...Jamaican food is delicious 
Biking for Bibles Twitter is over   Visit our new website, www.Biblica.com beta version.  Officially launches in July/
biking in atherton neighborhoods, then yoga at home.  new peugeot definitely needs an overhaul. 
Biking in dt + allergies + smokers next to bike racks = ow my bronchioles 
Biking in the rain time. Yay! 
Bikram wiped me out yesterday. I couldnt bring myself to wake up at 4.30am for the 6am session  I'll never be a morning person ((((
bilang insomnia again......  http://plurk.com/p/11e5mq
bilang it has been 100 days since it happens  http://plurk.com/p/111l5n
bilang sampe rumah &amp; teler.. traffic macet + bonus ac mdadak mati  http://plurk.com/p/xvx57
Bill died! From kill bill  rip!! And it might have been from choking himself as he was masterbating 
bill from Kill Bill (david carradine) died because of auto-erotic asphyxiation!! ;D and 
Bill Johnson's Big Apple! Yum! Too bad it's too late for breakfast. 
Bill Maher rocks...and has some comments on Obama...funny and true  http://tinyurl.com/m723mq
Bill will not allow us to watch beethoven because disney cut out &quot;bite this guy in the weiner!&quot; 
Billing day. 
Billion dollar stadium and a 10 cent tent. Dallas you should of did better than that. 
billions of eye contacts.! i have, i love him alot, to bad only seven days left of school.!  the bad thing is i think i make it obvious
Billy Burke said he's not in New Moon. What's going on?  Katelyn, what's this all about?!
Billy Elliot fails. Should have gone to Constantine. Sorry @rockofages. 
Billy elliot-sound  Shrek- costumes 
Billy Graham blamed Jews from the &quot;Synagogue of Satan&quot; for pornography etc. in those tapes with Richard Nixon. http://tinyurl.com/n7w4s8 
billy talent totally rock. i'm really sad that i can't be there right now. 
billy wont let me buy the teefury. 
Billy, The Dog Of The Universe  e Aspirador de pó : amor sem fronteiras 
billyyyy didnt win best score!!! 
Bin missin out all fvkkn day...bin in tha bed  now I'm mattress shoppin wit mom dukez n tha step-daddy..
Bin out shoppin with my nan,, Mum &amp;+ Brother (: Want him to txt me but he aint  i love him more than he realises (: ..Ox
Bindering up music licenses all day today, then going to my job where i sit alone for hours at a time.  great way to stay busy.  
Bing is ugly on my iPhone 
Bing sucks  Try searching Jazzonomics. Doesn't come in the entire search result! :x
bing.com image search is the best as well... user interface is sweet -- its too bad there is no money in video/image search for microsoft 
bing.com is cool... but hey no spell check? 
Bing's Australian shopping engine is MSN shopping 
bio practice regents june 2008  SCARED TO TAKE IT. help?
BIO regents today.  oh well. Only one left after this one, and then it's officially summer!
Bio testttttt.  Then with cailinnn.
bio tomorrow  and a letter from the schoolboard that i dont know how to feel about yet... ♥ isabel i miss you so much.... ♥
Biology homework now. I really hate Mondays. 
Biology is drivin me crazy. I NEED to listen to JB but i can't  Idk i keep listenin 'everyone's allergic to poison ivy.' in my head! crazy
Biology is going to kill me. I think I'll fail this level in the exam quest... 
Biology past papers on a sunday afternoon are making me depressed... 
Biology practise exam: 42%. Barely passed. I have never failed anything in my life but I guess there's a first time for everything 
Biology revision SUCKS, also have a english exam the day before but need a lot more revision done on biology 
Bioware are the only thing worth a damn in the EA briefing so far. Still worried about Dragon Age, though. Looks so... generic.  #e3
Bird finally flew back outside! Thank GOD. It's a miracle... poor little guy kept banging into the glass panes.  
Bird house making a bust @ farm. Kids afraid of air nailer and compressor. Lots of tears 
Bird poo update... Managed to clean it all off but some slight stainage remains  any tips?
Birds actually tweet and sing at day break.  WTF. Damn birds don't let me fall asleep.   Happy fathers day.  I can't wait to be a dad.  
Birds are *loud* this morning. 
birds are landing on my windowsill. they are not the nice ones that sing and do chores. 
birds keep flying in to the window 
Birdsong radio taken off the air: if you liked birdsongs, we think you will love a mix of indie, urban, rock and jazz.   http://ow.ly/auwA
birmingham O2 academy, just looked at the new address for it, why is it on the outskirts of town? the old one was at least right in town! 
Birthday  (Y)     Maths exam (N) Especially as this is gonna go baddddddddd 
birthday almost over 
Birthday Bash...tomorrow in Atl. I am really missing home now 
Birthday cake is my least favorite thing 
Birthday is over  Going to make it to work on time as a sign of being 22! Oh geeze, the adventure to the homeland is 2 days away!
Birthday is over  one year older, but ready to party hard at mansion tonight!
Birthday over 
Birthday Over  O Well Theres Nxt Yr.
birthday over...  x
birthday party turned into puke fest for my 4 year old 
Birthday so far... Thanks!@BrokenMasques , &amp;mom left for her week stay in San Diego, after sliding a bday card under my door 
birthday soons 
Birthday tomorrow seems rather lackluster. I will be offically in the &quot;mid20s&quot; and unlike &quot;23&quot; there are no I enjoy songs called &quot;24.&quot; 
Birthday tomorrow. Doing jack shit all weekend 
Birthday tomorrow. Expo tomorrow. My friends will be having much fun without me.  At least I'll be in Chester having some fun...
Birthday was a good day. Too bad I went for a nap and fell asleep for the whole night 
birthday will be over in 15 minutes back to work tomorrow 
birthdays over in an hour 
Biscuit and gravy baby  how can something so delicious make me so uncomfortable?
Bit better today, thank you 2 all those that sent kind wishes!Still wobbly, but well enough to be writing, if not well enough 4 Wolverine 
bit concerned with this flu. havent been sick in years, and never been sick more than 4 days. this is coming up on a full week now 
Bit disappointed by the Smashing Magazine wallpapers this month. Couldn't find one I liked  http://moourl.com/rxtyi
Bit disappointed to find out at  BSL last night that there is no sign for 'otter' 
Bit feversih today - hope it's not swine flu 
bit her lip a few days ago and it's STILL swolen and sore 
Bit my goddamned fucking lip again... 
Bit of a jungle trek earlier, playing chess on the beach now. No sign of the dharma iniative though... 
bit of a sore head 
bit sad  people suck balls.
bit under the weather today  ... haven't accomplished much - blog hopping looking for paint combos (home exterior)
Bit upset now i just heard what i did. why tell me sad news like that after 2 glasses of wine and when my emotions are shot anyway 
BitbyBit Post: Bad Feed  http://tinyurl.com/p6agro
Bitch lol i wanna see a shit load of movies with you two 
BITCH,HOE....damaniv nevr heard them words in such harsh manner, untill tonight!!!!!! 
Bitches!!! WTF! how u gone turn the AC off and not warn a nygga. In the this bitch bout to have a heat stroke. 
biting your nails hurts everyone dont try it my fingers are red  i blame mother for making me bored!!!! nothing to do
Bitter she couldn't attend the viva la vida concert at general motors  aghh. My attempt to grab Chris' jacket failed.
Bitter sweet  2nd of two to graduate today.
Bitterly disappointed with the footy tonight. I hate it when the best team wins and it isn't @Essendon_FC 
bittersweet dance/lunch date with olivia 
Bittersweet day: Going to boat is good but Abby and Laura leaving is sad 
bittersweet finish to first year of teaching.... &quot;ms. tsang, i'm going to miss you.&quot; .... awwwww... 
Bittersweet to the max in 1 1/2 days 
Bizarro is just Superman: Ride of Steel? WTF I THOUGHT IT WAS A NEW COASTER oh well I'm still going on it this summer again, anyway 
BIZZARE FOOD... IN TEXSAS  DATS  NUT  COMPLEMENT  
Bizzarley tired today, tried to stave it off with caffeine but to little avail. I think late nites are catching up on me 
BJJ bootcamp is over  I LOVED IT!!!! Learned a lot and made a whole lotta new friends!! On our way back home now
Bk cheesy tots are addddicting 
Bk from Norfolk &amp; in bd w/ rlly bad cold, couldn't giv parents big hug they deserved as scared of passing on. Hubby had 2 do all drive hm 
Bk hip hop festival sounds GREAT . . . From outside.  Whomp whomp!   note to self bhhf ends @ 8 so don't get there @ 7:40!
bk home now  i doo miss my grandad loads xX. I Dont know what i'm going to do :'( . Cheer me up someone please. !!!
BK in LAX sure knows they have a captive audience. $2.79 for a small soda? Holy ripoff Batman! Also no &quot;new&quot; items like chicken fries. 
BK Lounge has let me down  I think.. we're gonna have to take a break, my love.
bl dwam o maly moood 
blää i have a headache 
Blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, sickies, AGAIN 
blaaaaarg... 4 more hours to go 
Blaaah I'm so jealous I want the Xenon 
blaaah. I don't feel good aagain 
blaaah. I want the Lakers to win, but why does Courtney Lee have to be the player who keeps choking. I like Lee 
blaaahh..this week is going to be busy...jury trials next week and I am gone  so...
blaaahhh... folding and organizing all my clothes at my new place.. woot.. 
Blaaargh, tired of taking pictures 
blaahh   is still missing havi�. xD
Blach!!! I hate writing resumes. Especially ones that have me jumping fields 
black (poo coloured school skirt) dress with the (ripped) tights underneath. fricking hell oh poo 
black americano does NOT tatse good 
Black Eyed Peas - The E.N.D. &gt; Worst Album Ever!! (in a comic book guy voice) 
black eyes are not fun 
Black keys just made me cry 
Black Keys=tears I can't stop crying... 
BLACK MAY for Tamils all over the world 
Black or white rubber shoes? I'm dying to get the Black Skechers 
Black people don't get sun burnt.  Wish i was black 
Black rental NB turned in.  Past the green waterfall.  At gate 3 at KTYS.  The weekend fun begins.
black screen on my iPhone- it just won't wake up  What do I do????
Black skirt suit for court today. Of course I forgot to lint roller myself.  Will use tape at work =T
Black Squadron in defeat tonight by a team who had the pirate from Dodgeball in goal. Epic fail 
black tea latte, turkey pesto cranberry sammy, ace of cakes, and umbrella... only wish miguel was here 
blackberry 
Blackberry Bold or New iPhone. I don't know which on to get on Friday  haha
Blackberry browser can't download from zshare or imeem. Hip hop fail @robrush 
blackberry is dead...looks like im going ot have to bite the bullet and get the iphone... 
Blackberry update ate my contact list  If I'm supposed to have your #, d me. #fb
blackberry wont charge...call the house 
Blackberry-less 
Blackened chicken burrito w/ rice and beans and guac and sour cream. Just ate waaaay too much food for lunch 
Black-out  I need a sleep!!!
Blackout in Damansara Heights! Oh my poor computer 
Blackout within a 10 block radius from me in costa mexico 
Blackout; no power, no traffic lights, in my neighborhood  in #Barcelona. Working on the laptop w/ 3G card. Welcome to the 1st world 
Bladdy fox got my chickens  but i had 2 eggs so its not all bad
blagh class at 8 tomorrow 
Blah -- back to the grindstone. Much harder now that I have to leave my 11 week old with someone else. 
Blah 4:30am gets here too quick  night
blah blah blah  I'm up, I don't wanna eat and I may go down farm for abit...
blah blah blah balh bed and then 3 games and then bed and possibly 2 more games 
blah blah blah its been a busy day for me 
blah blah blah just another long week of homework and work... It's only the beginning 
blah blah blah someone tell me about a supersimple superestablished incremental bayesian learning algorithm pls 
blah blah blah ugh so many ppl talking to me and none of them are mickey i freakin miss him 
blah blah blah, everybody is asleep.. im lonely 
blah blah blah. this effin' pc is soo slooow. 
blah blah blah..!!!! my phone does not have SMS texting...  while im at my gparents house.. little or no tweeting 
blah blah donig weebcamm with kat but it doesnt seem rto work 
Blah blah..work work. Next day off is Sunday... 
blah cant get the piercings till next saturday! 
blah CT scans are scary 
Blah early exam tomorrow. No, I don't wanna go to bed early! 
Blah feeling today.  hopefully that improves.
blah goin to bed. damn allergys  night all
blah going to work 1015-415. 
Blah hate mondays school's boring have to get back to school in 20 minutes and go to french blah 
Blah heritage thingy and a reunion todayy  Imma miss my games  can u say TIVO
Blah i desperatly need a new phone 
blah i dont feel good i want mama to come home from the boat 
blah I hate having to type all this stuff I hand wrote while my computer was in the shop  it's so boring!
blah i hate twitterjail someone save me 
Blah I haven't slept at all today 
blah i keep missing BLOG_FAG's blogTV shows!!! fuck. also i miss swiftkaratechops blogTV shows 
blah im back home now  me and mom could have stayed another night &amp; regret not turning back. now off to clean my room and drink some tea.
Blah no school and i still wake up hella early been up since 6 
blah study hall is so boring, i just wanna sleep! cause people are bitches and keep me up! 
Blah tonight was a bust. Too many drinks and only a small buzz. At home already. Boo. Lame night 
Blah videocamera ran out of batteries!  the Shirt Fight theme for 5/14 is &quot;the letter T&quot; design anything that starts with the letter &quot;T&quot;!!
BLAH! 3.0 pushed back till the 18th...  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/ (via @u4eah). IN SINGAPORE (/sg/) NOT U.S.!!!
Blah! Home doing homework .&amp; studying while my friends are out! 
Blah! I hate being sick!.....but at least I don't look how I feel 
blah! i have to take my spanish exam tomarrow!  im so going to fail it.
Blah! I should be asleep for today's 10 am rehearsal but I don't want too! &gt;.&lt; Hehe I'm not sleepy and I don't want to wake up early! 
Blah! I think I'm getting sick. Uncontrollable shivering all night! Could not get warm no matter how many blankets. 
blah! i'm not tired. i'm bored. DESSA WON'T WATCH A MOVIE WITH ME!!! 
Blah! School should start later so kids can sleep in more 
Blah! Texted my phonebook and like everyone's asleep 
blah!! I'm awake....an hour early 
BLAH!! im bad at this tweeting stuff  and i meant @AlyATL jeezzz haha
blah&gt;just spilled my guts....hope it turns out well cuz otherwise i'm going to turn out to be like every other skank out there 
Blah,  school   not so exciting .
Blah, dental cleaning this morning. Plus it's gloomy, where's the sun? 
Blah, my body is still shaking from latsnight.  im never good enough for anyone. I miss my best friend.. Ray and alex 
