We miss you Mr. M!!! 
We miss you Prof. Motwani 
we missed @stealingoneal play  damn hifi bar 
We missed it.  stuck in Atlanta. Add running through airport with kids to my list of least favorite things.
We missed our flight.  Late taxi. USAirways is not charging us. Thank God.
We missed out on going to the zoo with some friends though 
We need a new bed, didn't sleep last night.  Canada was the best sleep we had in months 
we need aircon quite badly. This stickiness will not do 
We need daylight savings time in SA. Getting up and going to work in the dark is just horrible... 
we need help to prepare Ubuntu 9.04 release notes, tours and upgrdes howto in persian for wiki.ubuntu.ir but no one cares! 
We NEED more UK signatures! Where are our UK tweeps at? Rup's home country gives the least support?!?  http://www.cherrybombpetition.org/
we need open access: searched 1/2h in dbis&amp;ebscohost for a MIT paper, found a rip as first google result 
we need some ideas. shelby you move out tomorrow  don't leave me!!
We need to have a  chat on ur bed n my dinning room so I can stop crying.... 
We need to kill the person that thought up the red eye concept for flights 
We need to remodel the house and the thoughts of doing it make me kind of ill   He has one way and I have anouther, I just want to move. !
We need to weed our &quot;garden&quot; but I'm both a total hand gimp AND I have a major problem killing anything alive. Balls. 
We not gettin along right now!! Goin to stay at my mom's!! 
We now have a dead bird in the house. Our rescue mission failed  RIP Sture.
We only invited 5 kids for DS's birthday lunch. It's not fair to give 2 of them a stomach bug. 
we only know what we had when we have lost it 
We own the night, by my lonesome 
we party eat and go out but on top i got reports to do and a volenteir and arins XD its hard i wish i lived in the desert 
We Promised That Nothing Would Brck Us Apart , Yet Look At What Was Done 
We r all full of cold a sore throats. Need to be under quarantee ! 
We r currently following a HOUSE through the back roads of Minnesota! 
We r fixing to go for one last swim b4 we check out of the hotel. 
WE R NOW LOOKIN 2 CEMETERIES N HEADSTONES 4 ALL 3 N 4 GRAMMY WHEN SHE DIES.. 
We r on 1 income these days wish I could but can't 
We r putting together &quot;big boy&quot; bed for 2yo-a Step 2 captains bed w/space underneath for storage or kids to crawl in &amp; play-byebye crib 
WE R the Champion of the WORLD! LAkers 09 NBA Champs! Ok bring on Football. Back to work Monday 
we r tryna win some concert tickets!!! this is hard! 
WE really miss you @ChaylaAbbney ! 
We really need to sort out this whole living situation, a different continent for each sister is just not working.  Everyone move to Aus!
we really were worried guys. 
We regret to inform you that your paper has been rejected 
We saw Da Vinci Code, which sucked.
We saw I Love You, Man. Based on that movie and friends' reviews of The Hangover, we picked the wrong movie 
We saw the cutest (other than Gremlin and Gizmo) ferret ever!! I want him so bad  but i have to get a new cage first
We seem to be back up. Got taken down by something related to our recent server move -- no word from @mediatemple as to *what* exactly. 
We should be getting excited about race weekend at the Canadian Grand Prix. Montreal is hurting, as are millions of race fans. So sad 
We should really have a database to keep our digital pictures, we lost the ones from 3 vacations  but we'll try to go there again.
We shouldve stayed! Brad wanted to talk to me!! My faulttt 
we should've tickled the tomato plant flowers more... sadly, they're not fruiting as much as we'd hoped.  but the ones we ate were yum!
We still get 3 chances to come back!  And, in the grand scheme of things- people are tweeting how to save gunshot victims in Tehran... 
we thaaaaaaaaank you aaaaaaaaaaaaall 
We threw a party but we couldn't get anyone to come to it. We put together tons of food and drinks and activities. Depressing. 
we took a longer nap than expected, now my head hurts     time to make dinner....
We took my daughters to see Up in 3D tonight.  The girls weren't impressed.  I thought it was good but SAD.  
We took the kids out all day to tire them out but all it really did was tire us out 
We tried to eat a giant pizza for 500 dollars at pizza shuttle but they tricked us and we failed 
We tried to rescue kittens today. Failure. 
We up tonight yall as long as I can hang my job is ending and I am trippin 9 years then this ugh! Sorry for venting 
We used to be together.....then I woke up   http://mypict.me/4B8p
we want API! http://tinyurl.com/o49vf9 #wolframalpha. Doc says no semantic response, though...  http://tinyurl.com/prtbp7
We want to buy a house but my income is irrelevant because I'm &quot;self employed&quot; so they can't even check my credit &amp; luke doesn't have any 
We want to watch terminator but all thats left are front row seats! 
we wanted to watch " The Da Vinci Code " but the timings sucked so we ended up going fer " Runaway Vacation " which is a really good movie..!
We waste way too much paper @ the office... for nothing worthy, that almost disgust me 
We watched 7 episodes of Entourage... 5 more to go 
We watched Brokeback Mountain, which was pretty horrible.
We weighed Radley (our cat) when we adopted him he was emaciated at 6lbs     1 Year later he's almost 14 lbs woo hoo!! 
We well should of won the tumbling compition  it was a fix
we went swimming yesterday, yeah L. we did, u no there.   we had fun. the children always play hard.  Itz nice 2 soak up the sun.
We went to ride go carts and I am to short to ride one of them  wish I was 64 inches tall.
We went to the Chicken Lady's house. Somebody's stolen over a dozen of her chickens.  I gave her some shoes and a shirt....money's tight.
We were doing great at the yard sale then it started raining.  http://yfrog.com/0nlqhj
We were going to go swimming today, but it's cloudy outside! 
we were going to have roast beef for tea but it still isn't defrosted &amp; it'll take hours to cook properly 
we were going to have some venison but it spoiled!   regular &quot;beef&quot; steaks it is!
We were gonna play sardines, but it wasn't dark enough yet. 
We were gonna shoot guns but the range is closed 
We were once a fairy tale but this is farewell  heartbroken..
We were so sorry to have missed you @cjcubs last night  Got home a while ago, too tired &amp; &quot;campy&quot; for shopping.
We will miss you 
We will never be the same until you're done. 
we will see an OT for an eval. at National Jewish on friday, we can't imagine Kyle having a sensory problem on top of everything else. 
we win the tuna competition!! but i am missing our victory lunch. 
we wont break we wont die. well baby thats definitely a lie. 
We work in a sweatshop now Ms. Louie!! 
We would be stuck in traffic 
Weak rain..it lasted a minute so it probably added filth to my car 
weaksauce. this was the lamest week ever.  darn sick.
wealy wealy wants a kat!!! 
wearing a pair of trousers that were loose last year, tight this year  
Wearing a shoe smaller than my size hurts! 
wearing all black today, with lime green nails...its not a very chipper day..its gray and not really all that warm outside! 
Wearing exactly the same clothes as I used to wear in Canada, beanie (or touque) and all.  Ahh brings back memories... I miss the snow 
Wearing expired MAC lip gloss. Totally tastes rotten. Too sticky to take off with a napkin.  
Wearing factor 30 just for the sunny journey between places... Why can I find no black linen shirts? Its all happy summer colours 
wearing her London socks. I miss you, angel baby 
wearing my contacts for the first time in about six months - seeing things in a whole new light already. and i don't like it. 
wearing my KABADUYANNE shirt because it's cold and I need my friends' hugs. 
wearing my pout until monday night  cut my knee this morning, looks like a burn a.k.a looks a bit dodgy
wearing my rainbow bracelet very proudly! i heard about the haters on melrose 
Wearing thin cotton shirts and a flimsy tshirt may not have been appropriate dress for a five hour journey on an air conitioned coach 
weather  looks like shittt 
weather = 
Weather app is saying rain all day what else is new  dressing in all black today sad about the weather worse summer start in history 
Weather bad, slept in.   perfect day for cleaning the apartment.   Norway won the song contest! Havent seen it. Anybody watched it?
weather doesn't look good for tennis camp and the second day of Cub Scout Day Camp. 
weather forecast for this weekend: sat 21 and rainy, sun blazing hot and sunny. good thing i bought those rain/mud boots for edgefest 
weather forecast for tomorrow does not indicate favourable conditions for concrete laying (cats may have to wait longer) 
Weather forecast for tomorrow: gail force winds :O im supposed to be going to beach 
Weather forecast is for rain &amp; wind, sorry no tennis today 
Weather forecast is kinda shit. Of course, #Glastonbury is upon us. Sucks for the @maureenjohnson &amp; @coollike gathering tho 
weather gorgeous, garden looking lovely, family in happy sunshine mood - me? about to spend 4hrs in car 
Weather got a little better. Really focused on work today. No time to socialize 
Weather in North London is struggling to make its mind up; To rain or not to rain... I think the former might happen 
Weather in TO yesterday was too good to be true (29C). Back to reality today 
weather is amazing outside my window...Time to go to work     I just wish i could sleep
weather is a-m-a-z-i-n-g! and I can't go out 
weather is awful  went shopping with friends... didnt get anything other than food. i think i am a food chick. xox
weather is bad, 1h on the spinning bike 
Weather is beautiful and im stuck in work 
weather is depressing 
weather is making me gloomy 
weather is pretty bad..  hmmm..
Weather is pretty yuck in Mililani, humidity is high and its starting to rain a bit. About to rain out  baseball practice 
Weather is soooo horrible here what to do with the kids? 
Weather is supposed to be yucky today  Good day to get some stuff done in the house.
weather is too nice for work..wish I can go back to bed.. 
weather iz so crappy here in philly 
weather looks crap, so won't be going anywhere  revision to do :@
weather looks good, just a pity i'm stuck in all day today 
weather says it's going to be 100 degrees today!!!  Um...good luck! lol Currently 63 degrees right now.
Weather so bad  Jon &amp; Joanna have a great time,sounds like you are already 
weather still sucks  ...going out to dinner with the fam for my daddy's bday later!!!
weather sucks... 
Weather z nt changin..itz same old fckin hot weather thn too m sneezing 
weather.com put this up Tuesday: Heat Advisory for Gibson County, TN until 7 pm CDT, Sat., Jun. 20, 2009. will prolly extend it tomorrow 
Weathers a bit grey today 
Weather's so crappy  might just stay in bed and watch dvds all day (: I want guitar hero metallica D:
Weather's too good to be struck in the office today   Got the door open at least!
Web Chat endend!  but that was like the best WebChat yet! BLAKE SAID HI TO MEEE!...
Web Design gets confusing when u start on databases 
Web design work from 2am-5am and then hopefully catch some zzz's before my interview! Allergy meds are messing with my sleep habits! 
Web developer is not compatible with Mozilla Firefox 3.5 too bad  run on Flock http://bit.ly/eJgmx
Webber doin okay, but seems nothing on Vettel atm 
webcast time. only 1.5 hours!   
WebEx's management interface needs to be more intuitive. Set up session and can't find login info. 
weblogamo up kardam ama moteasefane baz postesh kootah shod  albate khob chizi nadashtam ke begam
webpage, FB fans page, etc when I get home. It's still raining and I'm cooooold 
Webview (one of control of iphone sdk) is too slow that even for loading local custom page it takes a marginal time 
we'd do the free A&amp;W root beer float too but all the A&amp;Ws are so far down south  http://www.awrestaurants.com/
Wed is my last paper. WOOOHOOO! And my dad bought my CONTACTS SOLUTION. During holidays buying more contacts. I left two pairs only. 
Wedding dance= crazy! Requested McFLY and they played it!! No one knew who it was   go figure lol! Bloody Americans!!
wedding going ok... this &quot;millie&quot; chick is hot.... but 14 
Wedding is over. Was fun. Busy day 2morow grading finals test 
Wedding Tonight! Of course i would wake up with a swollen eye... it looks like someone punched me  LETS GO PENS!
Wedding we shot yesterday made me miss my sorority days. I don't even think I know the Pi Phi wedding song. Only 2 sisters are coming. 
wedding withdrawal 
Weddings make me depressed 
Wedendsday is definitely turning into 'meetings' day, and tomorrow is gay Thursday 
Wednesday I must go to scholl .IÂ´Â´m unhappy about it 
Wednesday is over womp womp! 
Wednesday morning...sun, not rain - so far...allergy headache better, but not totally gone...gonna relax today...wish I could sit outside 
wednesday my b-day n don't know what 2 do!  
wednesday my b-day! don't know what 2 do!! 
wednesday,work work work...!!  L:Banjarmasin, Kalsel, Indonesia:
wednesdays dnt mean much anymore 
Wee laddie's been SO upset for about 2 hours. Tried soothing him in bed, nursing, etc. Nope. Up at 3:30am for real food. Blue Clues now. 
Wee man is away to Englandshire with Gran and Grandad. That'll be me lost for the rest of the week. 
Wee ones for the last time 
Wee! Home! It's so hot  Xx My internet is going off soon  While Mum moves in and Dad moves out  Bad times. Try not to miss me!
weebo is dying 
weeding.  ugh.  
weee moto gp today with my lurvley boyf. i burnt my tongue the other day &amp; now all i can taste is like a metallic blood taste. sadface 
Weeee freee ftsk show this sat and I gotta go by myself 
Weeee. Going to bed at 1AM on a school night. I'm gonna look like a raccoon later 
weeeeh, i just wokeey up ! CRAP IM PACK WITH HOMEWORK. ! 
weeeekend just got up its rainy 
weeeh where did Thom go 
Weeelllll its 2:30 am not tired lame, and its been 2-4 months since i last saw you and just needs you back in my life again.. 
Week 2 of my beach body work out with billy blanks .. I slacked off for 3 days   http://twitpic.com/69ta7
Week at the beach almost over   It has been a wonderful trip; celebrated father's day, James' birthday, and Anne's lunch w/ the girls.
Week Forcast completely sucks! No boat fun for me 
week off  = to many emails 
Week off after 4 weekend/holiday days working.  All plans foiled   Weather foiled lawn mowing, bank shut, bloodtest needs 12 hrs w/o food
weekend @ dad's house  i don't want to stay there  .. that's life !
weekend = gymnastics, new bikes, swimming in the ocean.  big adventure for my little ones.  Even got to crop on Friday, but no writing. 
Weekend about to end 
Weekend activites in the Lake District were rained off so rucksack remains packed &amp; untouched 
Weekend almost done 
Weekend at home. Bye everyone. 
weekend before finals is the freakin worst. Studying in sd instead of going out 
Weekend came &amp; went  Not looking forward to a 7 hour class tomorrow night. 3:45 to 10pm! Edumacashun is torture
Weekend class....All day 
Weekend classes suck  this is the worst class ever!!! Fml
Weekend has gone to fast 
weekend has gone too fast 
Weekend is about over 
weekend is almost done and back to work I go tomorrow 
weekend is almost over  School tomorrow but thank good holidays are soon!
weekend is already over  speanding sunday night sipping smirnoff ice!
Weekend is nearly over  5th last working day at work for me tomorrow  I can't wait!!
weekend is nearly over.. omgosh.. so tired.. 
weekend is over  back to life.
Weekend is over  back to school tomorrow once again...
weekend is over  united won the league  i've nothing to say on the subject!!
weekend is over .. aaah !!! ... back to work again 2row 
Weekend is over and I'm on my way back to the airport with my Detroit friend. I haz a final tomorrow 
Weekend is over and I'm so tired  Think I'll go to bed very early today...
Week-end is over and now it's time to get back to work 
Weekend is there... very close... hmm, without any plans 
Weekend Ka The End Ho Gaya ( Rehan Is Still In Hospital 
Weekend passed too fast... 
weekend plans are ruined 
weekend was def not long enough...back to work. Colin cried at daycare today 
weekend with my cuzzo Vivi, I can't stand to have her leave me in 3 weeks 
Weekend wore me out. I need a day off to recover, but I have to go back to work 
Weekend XD bet it'll rain  but that means that I can watch dvds :O
Weekend!  It begins with Real Time with Bill Maher!  Ends with a sigh. 
weekend! humidity is  though...
WEEKEND!! so many things to do, not many time 
weekend. addicted do gg. want to go to a party immediatly, but can't 
Weekend...I miss you  *yawn*
Weekends almost over  if only the weekdays went by as fast....Gotta make the best out of whats left huh...Cheerios lool
weekends are always over too quickly 
Weekends are boring now 
Weekends are farrrr too short! 
Weekends are never long enough   Back to work tomorrow! I have been thinking of doing some study, just what to study is the question.
weekends are rough on the body 
weekends are supposed to be fun, and here i am doing homeworkkk 
Weekends are to short! 
weekends go by wayyyyy too fast 
Weekends go too quick. Groundhog Monday 
Weekends nearly over  x
Weekend's over! Another sunday without &quot;Supernatural' on TV. I miss Dean and Sam, they were a perfect closure for my sundaynight 
Weekly cycle is Shang &gt;&gt; High Street &gt;&gt; Eastwood.  Why not SM Cebu? 
Week's half over. No client lunches today, looks like I have to stay in the office the whole day.  
weell..i was supposed  sing @ the banquet, but turns out not  ...our talent show got canceled...nd i have left the graduation ceremony..
Weelll.. im Verrrie Bored! and i really dont wanna go to school! But If i Dont imma Probably miss somthing Hilarious! So imma gunna go 
Weird Al meets all the cool people. 
weird banging noises coming from outside. my neighbor is murdering someone? i hate being home alone 
Weird being in town so early,especially on a sunday!just said bye to Shazia shes on her megabus back 
weird fish = too full to catch brunch: sad! 
Weird night. I want that sno cone 
Weird noises in my house are creeping me out  I miss Having my baby here with me
weird screechy car noise from the rear-left wheel area, just started 
weird to say....but i miss maa momma burr  a lot !
weird we're both at LA FITNESS (different cities though)  -----&gt;C.Renee
WEIRD! Mffers chill in the douchebag suite. I want the indian girl 
weird.. i just really really reallllyyyyyyy sleepy all of a sudden... i dont want to be tired yet. 
Weird... someone tried to change my twitter password. 
weird.... first time on twitter b4 dnt hav any frnds 
Weird...a porn site tried to follow me on twitter   Maybe i need to change/update my profile?  (i blocked that site)
Weirdly happy for rain. writing briefs &amp; shooting schedules all day plus a large dose of motion graphics later. Wait, now it's sunny 
wel it sucks ta be me ... wudn evn tke the chance  &lt;/3
Wel wot a day.... Bin so so busy n the weather was shit n all my work was based outside!! I got soaked! 
welcome back @afallendevil u misd the sun here n com back 2rain  hope u had a gud time!
welcome back restless life 
Welcome home a Vietnam Vet just walk on up put out your hand to shake, and say Welcome Home They never got that  #militarymon
Welcome home a Vietnam Vet just walk on up put out your hand to shake, say Welcome Home They never got that  #honorvets
welcome to another sunny bank holiday 
welcome to Georgia...this is moving too fast 
Welcome to Illinois!!! Still raining 
Welcome to rainy Moab, Utah!! 
Welcome to the cool side of the pillow.  i wish my pillow was Billy Dee.
Welcome to the pity party... 
welcome to the real world she said to Me...... i'm here! 
Welcoming our last rider 
Welfare day tomorrow 
Well - I'm heading to the gym now. It's not as much fun yet with the stitches still poking me. 
Well - TGIF for me - no work tomorrow.  Supposed to go to Wonderland, but looks like the weather is not going to cooperate!  
well , hello from Topeka , KS ... nothing to report wuz a beautiful day here .... but now we got rain and thunder storms.....   
Well @robertpurfield seen as i'm a Dual role parent i'm claiming a steak too so! It'll prob be round steak tho- i'm on a budget! 
Well 1st free movie of the year. Hmm going to be a long quiet summer 
well 2 hours ago 102 was meant to be doing a house clean...so far me and phil are the only ones up 
Well 2day will b the last day I wear these linen pants. They don't fit anymore  they r falling off my hips.....
well about to go to school... 
well according to web, that really is it for dsm.  we have seen the last lot of episodes before the usa. gutted. how can they cancel it?
Well actually I'm still cooking so no commentary 
well after our sunny weekend we woke to ice and snow this morning 
Well after watching the first 20 minutes of the Tonight Show with Conan O' Brien I must say that he hasn't impress me at all! I miss Leno 
well am off 2 bed up early the mora 
Well and truly balls that exam up  on the upside no more college 
well Annie...i wemt to the doctor cause of my headaches and i have post tramatic stress syndrome from when my grandpa died! So yeahh! 
well another day almost over. Racing tomorrow, the nerves are coming 
Well another day ends. My Son Leaves for the West coast tomorrow...  Good Night People.....
Well another stressful and boring ugly day 
Well another week living with boxes! Now being moved next weekend 
well as tupac says life goes on.... 
Well at least I had a great day! But it's over... So goodnight! 
well ate good got to see my son now for the drive to sc with Yum then cuddle and sleep then back to work tomorrow nite 
well back to ground zero 
Well back to work I suppose 
well back to work yucky had to many days off 
Well bad news for Thomas. Hes being flown to Houston. Might need metal braces in his legs  
Well bath helped a lil, now I feel like a shiny turd 
We'll be on our bus on our wayw to a plane in 2 hours.  How sad. I wanna stay here forever.
Well bed time now. 1 am. *sighs* Back to 6 am mornings for a week on Wednesday. 
well both the bruins and the celtics lost   maybe next year boys
Well britts gone!  still crying!! I think i'm makin my self sick
Well bye bye Shaq   Watch out the Cavs are going to win next year now with Shaq in the paint.
well class tonight is a lil boring...   Work starts in 9.5 hours...  No wonder I've been drinking so much Mtn. Dew.
Well clearly no point in watching Wimbledon this year as Nadal isn't playing 
Well Cleveland did not have a good night 
well coach didnt say anything so we still dont know if kayla made varsity 
well crap braces  YAY 
well crap. i was wrong about SYTYCD being on tonite 
well DA VINCI CODE SUCKS!!
Well didn't make it w/o tears last nite  Spending the eve with Andy Dick. Maybe that will cheer me up
we'll do that tomorrow is truning into theme of today 
Well done Britian, well done 
Well done diversity ,, sunburn   ,, flamingo land was ace! ,,
well done lads! theres a big hole in my saturdays from now on... 
Well done to Seb V! Pity Nando's 10th  Lol @ lewser! He belongs on the bottom row! And pussycat slut is there, ewwww.
Well everyone is leaving me  I have to go count sheep or something! Good nite Twitterville and all my peeps!
Well exams are over but it seems I caught a fever... damn  and I have so much to do!!! I have to keep my promise for the launch of v2
Well fair enough pain killer's effect is out  I guess doctor's requests are made to be obeyed then...run home to volteren silly abdo
Well fans, it's time for bed. I'm up early for the London To Brighton bike ride tomorrow plus I feel a little sad and down  night night
well fibro took me out WHOLE day  no convention 4 me 2day hoping 2 make it 2morrow-can't wait 2 hear about it from B&amp;C when they get home
well fixing the dishes :3 ^^ i got some rash fro my new pants  stupid korea ._.'
Well folks... I'm now officially 25, yep it's my birthday... I'm in the station pub... Trying to forget... Trying desperately to forget!! 
Well friend is sick, no bike fixing today. Boo.  Thinking I'll take a ride, or maybe just stay in and read... and work on some homework.
Well friends, I'm going to miss you and all the things you've ever taught me.  I'll be seeing you all around someday. xoxox Kate. :'(
Well fun fun I do have dry socket from having my wisdom pulled. So guess it means more pain meds. 
Well Ghostlands and 17 other realms are off-line  I just wanna play #wow
well goin ta bed nw nite guys!! skool in tha mornin 
well going to the pool....mans is it hot out 
well good nightt tweets, I haven't recived no twitter updates  hopee my friends aree OKAYY ! :/ tommorow shall be funn !!
Well guess I won't know how the movie ends til later. Sis threw a fit so we had 2 stop it....special 
well guess my charger doesnt work again!!!! grrrr..... 
Well guys Im going to see if World of Warcraft is up and running again after their 12 hour maintenance that is going on right now 
Well guys, I think this is it. SIL just took Hanne to the vet for what is sounding like her ... very last visit 
well he is still not following me how sad 
Well he just went back  he should be at hopkins. These people are morans. Ah!
Well he said he's working everyday til he leaves...but wants to go to the beach at nite. Cuddling will just have to wait 
well heading for the shower and then getting ready for work......such a gloomy day 
well here i go off to work 
well i aint been tweeting alot sorreh  but anyway i am going to keep this short cuz im tired and i wanna go to sleep well goodnight 
Well i am off for the day..... thanks so everyone writing and welcoming me on here.. i adore you all..... i leave home in 2 day 
Well I am seriously depressed now that Everton have lost so going to drink myself into oblivion, goodbye dudes  xx  Oh, fuck off Chelsea!!
well i appear to have developed a slightly bad knee, it occured just after it decided to leg the rest of my leg temporararily! ouch 
well i caint say what im doing but i know what im not doing im not at the zoo 
Well I can't import my video onto the mac. I might re film the video or review another app. but I might not be able to edit it. 
Well I did attend the wedding and one of the bday parties. The weather and tiredness killed the second one. S'ok though. Homework FTW! 
well i didnt go anyway   no one wanted to go with me poo
well i don't think the lions are going to win against south africa 
Well I dont want a piece of your granola 
well i feel a little better but still kinda down  im gonna talk to yvonne tonight so thats somthing to look foward too
Well i feel pretty ill right now. Coffee plus alcohol equals bad 
Well i found my massage therapist (@TZilahy)...But she lives in Texas 
well i g2g people  hayley is being a homophobe and wants me too get off
Well I got The Sims 3 today. Too bad my disk drive isn't working 
Well I guess all answers are getting clear. Too bad 
well I guess all my twiggas went to sleep on me  Goodnight!
Well I guess I should start actually packing now...  i cant tweet while i'm on vacation cause i wont have any internetness. ( unless
well I guess I'm goin2bed early2night  tried to kick it,but that idea got kicked n lol  not not tweets I'm about2take it n!!
well i guess im not doing any outside activities today its getting ready to storm 
Well I guess I'm off to bed since I have nothing to do...and no one is on meebo  suxs I feel alone 
Well i guess imma root for the magic EAST COAST ALL DAY!!! lmfao but still [ LETS GO CAVS!!!!!!!!!] 
well i guess were leaving now sooo ill be back later i guess   text or call the phone 
well i had a physics test today and it did go all day im exhausted  i got a all day math test tomorrow as well better look over my notes
well i had the super grand slamwich,  very good, but now my stomach hurts 
well i had virus so...... i had to reformat pc!!! 
well i hate watching sad things, it puts a downer on my mood 
Well I have a lonely but FUN day-first I stay home until 5 then I get to go to the beach until Monday! YAY FUNLICOUS!  :]  + I am sick 
well I have done it.  I have gone of and left my brain at home.  Now no way to talk to my sweetie! 
Well i have officially failed my geography exam..better get choosing a different subject to take at A-level! 
Well I know some of those are me. Hurts.  I hope the naked part wasn't me??
Well I know what's wrong with my spine...but nothing to fix it right now, great...time for meds then bed time...story of my life... 
well i learnt nothing missed some of it  
Well i missed the entire conference...will watch it when its over 
well I need to get to bed..should be out celebrating my B-day tomorrow but have to work instead  heh oh well what can ya do right?
well i never made it to my GED test yesterday  i think it was a sign. my daughter had to go the the hospital. all over he body shes
well i passed but i didnt get in to reading 115 i got in to reading 90 which i guess is not a bad thing just i cant get in an art class 
Well I see conflict of interest 4 stock brokers by telling CEOs to cut cost (ie staff) so that they can raise the value of the stock! 
Well I successfully sent a message via SMS but it cost 50p! Quite a lot of money to send a meaningless message to no-one. Not too happy. 
well i think i am going to try to get some sleep. not sure how well that will go.  #BSB
Well I think I have got the stupid sick bug that's going round 
well i think its over before it even began! NICE 
well I THOUGHT I was going to bed but I'm no longer sleepy. krud 
Well I thought I would be released to go  back to work but i was wrong! What a waste of my vacation hours! So sad! 
Well I tried acrylic nails...then one was cracked another was fallin off, so ya I took them all off &amp; def just got them on today  aw well
Well I was going to borrow the work network connection to download Windows 7 RC but it appears the Download Manager has no procy support 
well i was gonna see oasis at heaton park but i got scammed by turks 
well i was hoping when i woke up this morning my sore throat would be gone, its even worse then last night 
Well i was IMing alonna, but she kind of ditched me.  sad haha.
well i was only asking because im sick w/ fever &amp; a little cough @MyNameIsIssa. i don't want 2b absent as well but things r different now 
well i was trying leopard xp theme from http://tr.im/pr8a .. but today i have to uninstall it, it is nice but have too many bugs 
well I we just got her down to sleep, little girl has an ear infection, poor buba. long night ahead 
well i would hope it's all pink lol that's not very nice 
Well I would like to go to sleep but my caffeine injected body won't let me. 
well if bella is going, then so am i 
well if no-one is here then i am off. bye all 
Well I'm 1/2 through my to do list....not too bad except all the HUGE jobs are on the end  feel sick too...need nap!!
Well I'm 27 now in az 
well I'm away to bed and see if I will sleep any better tonight or I might be back on in a few hours 
Well I'm back at work  I'm tired
well i'm bored, not good weather 
well im calling it a night , its kinda early but um idk! goodnight. ps i have no voice 
well im dissapointed with the Kansas City Royals, why do they have to have errors and no runs... 
well im enjoying the weekends while they last, mondays come round for too quick  going to see baby ruby today then just chill!!!!!!
Well im gonna be moving soon n its gonna be sad because im gonna have to get rid of my lil doggie  oh well its for the better
Well I'm happy it's Friday but life still suck even on happy Friday 
Well im hella tired but im going out to watch a race I think!! Need2 hit d gym  before I crash  den wrk tomorrow mrning!!
Well im not getting any comments back from @tommcfly  oh well !! Night my 26 follwers lol  going to finish watching big brother!
WELL IM NOT. ugh.  i saw you last night erik! Right before sexy time
Well I'm of to London today for some SHOPPING  Although unfortunately not for me  But Comedy store should be awesome 
well im off sorry tired and want hot shower b4 bed indi hates the cold 
well im off to c mall cop with my good ole budiies Micheala and Hannah since the other 2 ditched!  should b fun CHOCLATE BIG OWT! yes
well im off to take the hell test, also known as the SAT. 
well I'm off..thanks to all the clebs who didn't follow me!! your awsome 
well im sitting in my chair again.... doin my stupid english assignment!!!!!! 
Well I'm still a first grade teacher.  
Well I'm thinking if taking off my bse on my iPhone. The top right is peeling off and the bottom by the port is peeling too  should I??
Well I'm up n off to ga to take my lil girl back  to mom
Well I'm up now.. Woke up hot and crampy :/ started my dot 
WELL IMMA BOUT TO GO 2 BED N CALL IT A NITE...4 THA PAST FEW DAYS I BEEN GOIN THRU SUMTIN, N I JUST WANNA GO TO SLEEP! 
well impressed with th nhs this morning the place i visited was top, summer trainings out so no rugby for a while 
well isnt that just wonderful. my face. (( i hate whatever is making me have whatever is going on with my face 
well it is nw 1 o'clock in the mornin ere in australia and im dringin bcoz da NSW rugby league team lost. so really im drown ma sorrows 
well it looks like 5 hours of sleep is just my body's limit!!  My internal clock just goes off after 5 hours and says &quot;OK that's enough!&quot;
Well it looks like Blair and Dad were right...I'm NOT going to London! 
Well it may have stopped raining in Wales, but we're going to be following the rain back East today where it seems to have gone 
well it stopped raining for the moment....still extremely humid 
well it sucks being in Tahoe visiting the parents and I can't even fucking go to the beach 
Well it was a nice day. Then it rained.   M.
well it was a no go for the apple store because they extened the offer to people who got it a few months after but i got mine in november 
Well it was fun while it lasted. Heading back on the earlier bus as Shannon has to get surgery on her leg this afternoon. sucks 
Well its 12AM AEST tiwtters, where is my iPhone 3.0 firmware?  #apple
Well it's 4:25am in beautiful Eureka Springs. I'm not sleeping. This is obvious. Pissed off at the world right now. This is getting old. 
well its all most 6am and i still haven't gone to bed yet! i dont know y i stay up this late. i'm not tired right now but i will be later 
well its been 48 hrs and my weapons have not been returned .. happy birthday to me 
Well it's been only 6 hrs since my 40 min bike ride/jog/walk and my right knee doesn't want to move now. Hope I can walk tomorrow  #lupus
well it's been the same old day in this town but my head won't stop hanging down                     http://www.myspace.com/danmillsmusic
well it's been the same old day in this town but my head won't stop hanging down   :: http://www.myspace.com/danmillsmusic ::
well its coming down in bucket loads! or whatever your turn of phrase for torrential rain is 
well its Monday time to actually do some work :-/ i hope my baby has a safe wonderful day..as for me work sucks I wish i was on vacation 
Well it's official I have strep 
Well it's official, I'm sick. Ugh 
Well it's on our block but no one on our street was doing it and i only got up at 8:15 in the morning. very frustrating 
Well it's raining and cloudy in Rome  At least I woke up to room service in a gorgeous suite though!
well its raining here in the UK at the mo  but that never stops our boys form being napped check out http://tinyurl.com/leuboo
well it's really messing me up!  @jbkuma
well its the 15th of june my birthdaY IS now over 
well it's time for me to go to skewl 
well it's time to go back and study  i hate studying for exams...well wish me luck! gonna tweet on my next break..love ya all! &lt;3
Well its turned a bit dull here now 
Well I've been outbid by Â£! on ebay , bastard. So I now going to bed, Dae is at work tomorrow so I'll have to get up with the girls 6am 
Well I've been soooooooo busy doing uni work ive had no time to come on here 
Well i've got my new computer, but i just dont know what to do with it...its just sitting there in the bedroom...feeling unloved 
well i've had a terrible night, gotta go to boots for supplies then tesco for food  feel awful! calling in sick tonight me thinks 
well ive now got a chest infection, and it hurts like a bitch  I WANT KFC 
Well Jane attacked me because i said i was not scared of her, I am still not affraid, She said that i needed a lesson, I dont understand 
Well just came in from dancing and im tired !  bed in 10 minutes  FML...
Well just got back from dia. Dropped the folks off to head to Bonaire, without me 
Well just got home from a friends casa was suppose togo to the movies wit @tonymarvel but everything is done... 
Well just left six flags. Didn't get to ride what i wanted to. Bummer.   maybe next time.
Well just put my man on a train back to Wales this morning   It's gonna be a long day...
Well ladies, need to get ready for work, crap! 
Well Landin is off to the day-care!   well I know he will have lots of fun, but ill miss him today.
Well last night of holiday, 10 hours driving tomorrow, then back to work on Monday 
well last night started good then just ended bad..fml i'm ridic! 
well last night was a disaster. today is just a waste of my time. ugh i just wanna go home 
Well leaving the beach and headed back to town. 
Well Leigh and Tommy are officially married.. I'm already tired and super uncomfortable ... Yay nobody is here with me 
well look like surgery for me  3 to 4 bulging disk in neck area a couple touching spinal cord...want it better though
Well looks like I'm waiting another week before my new job start  I just hope their this slow with the contract end date ;)
Well made it home ok but my window was open so my bed is soaked! Hellow living room couch 
Well me and ross just had to get a few things and it was close. 
Well Mexico lost their soccer game. 
We'll miss Robbie aka R2D2  Good show tonight, good times.
We'll miss you Br. Ceci. 
we'll miss you bro ceci 
Well miss you Farrah. 
well my 3 chemistry exams today were annoying!  unit 1 was hard, unit 2 was good, unit 3 was ok... not happy though.
Well my brown pants and shirt are ready for tomorrow, so i know its going to doubley suck, it also being monday. 
well my days off are over I am back a work today 
well my father is being fucking useless as opposed to helping me deal with this physics shit, so no love there. fuckwit. 
Well my friend cancelled lunch.. she thinks she is sick... all dressed up and no where to go 
Well my internet still isn't working. Going to sleep I guess, work at 10am tomorrow 
Well my Ipod died idk how it worked this morning And i can't replace it because i bought it in Portugal 
well my mood just crashed and burned.. &gt;.&lt; i guess i should've seen this coming. the pattern continues.. 
Well my morning began with an awesome cycling class workout and weights, followed by my little princess going potty in our garage... 
Well my weekend starts today but have no plans 
Well nervous about 2moz, hope  don't have to do any resits 
Well' nevermind. Galaxy Music jipped Tim on strings! Noooo. I feel so bad now  
well new york was great, cant believe were leaving so soon, time to head off to the airport, bye boys 
well nick and miley are back together  congrats! 
Well no beach after all... 
Well no one is intrested in helping the Poor.....  Well I spent 5 weeks working on Buy Cheap and it failed... 
well no se right now in the dieg s house spent my time bueno quisiera conocer gente  jijii see ya
Well no upgrade today  Some empty seats though, so it's OK. Next stop Chicago.
Well not done much today. Got work early tomorrow. I started saving for a trip to Disneyland Orlando with the g/f. Only got Â£3k to go lol 
well not into this new bus driver for the bishy bus. he drove away and now i feel like im walking on a conveyer belt. aaah! so warm too 
Well not so happy anymore because my stomach hurts 
well now i lost someone and im back at 99 dammit   â™« http://blip.fm/~8hcbh
Well now I see why.  I am on AFI's twitter and he probably just went down the list and added everyone. 
well now im bored again, and i have to wait for aaggeess until we are going to the cinema, so theres just more bordem heading my way 
well of to work at 3 
well off 2 sleep yes i'm going 2 bed early but i feel terrible 
Well off to work in the morning. Glad I got some loose ends tied up! It looks like this week is the last week of having 3 days off a week 
Well off to work now. 10 hours in this shift, bloody student graduations 
Well on my way to work! It's yucky and rainy out 
well Orlando took it...Congrats to them I guess. Next time Boston...next time. 
Well poo, I missed eleven eleven 
well pool tome for us was cut short, Madison didnt listen n cut up her feet crawling around 
well really not long enough 
Well Saturday has come &amp; gone, &amp; I still dont have a Speedlink post 4 U.  I'll try 4 l8r 2nite! Got sum gr8 links &amp; new blogs to share!
well schoolday before my final exams... at least i got sunday left.. saturday i have to work 
well shit 3am  sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
Well shit...  Eddie Vedder looks old    Solid guns but his face looks so strange.
Well shoot. I guess I should start yelling at people too. That's not my style though...so I'll just pout. 
well since it g0t br0ught up... i neeeeed s0me headdd  pooor me its been like 3 dyz w/out it 
Well since no one is around  ..I guess I'll go for a bit..
well situation is getting worse.more dead people.more casualties.more violence. peace from Tehran . 
Well so much for seeing the Zune HD 
Well so much for sleeping all night! The kiddo woke up from another nightmare. Evidently inherited the spider nightmares from her mama. 
well someone rained on my parade :| 
well someone stole it  
well sorry about the crappy t.v. 
Well still here, not been discharged yet 
well thank god this day is almost over. sucky part? no one is gonna pick me up to go to @DeGrizzlyBears house. fuck! life is grand. 
well thanks dee, omg its so flippin' cold here 
Well thanks evie's mum. Galveston trip cancelled for right now. 
Well thanks for all the Follow Friday luvv, pero, i'm out homiez! Hubby leaves 4 his deployment tomorrow morning!  Goodnight! ohhhh yea!
well that answered my last tweet.  none of my 100 followers care what im saying.  wonderful. 
Well that bike ride was made of FAIL! Really out of shape girl made it half way there and felt like she was gonna pass out. 
Well that blows  virginmobile charges me for getting txt messages even when my phone is off 
Well that kind of sucks 
Well that left a mark... Bird just flew straight into my windshield at speed 
Well that made me sad, i sat down to watch tv, and then remembered i dont have cable anymore.  Lol.
well that me just dropped the hubby and dog off at train station they heading to chester to do some filming..all alone 
well that person.. 
well that was a fun morning :/ horrible news. grrrr 
Well that was a major let down  was expecting somthing good
well that was a very short lived thunder storm 
Well that was an exciting morning at the hospital! Shame I can't remember it after passing out  I am also now a fetching shade of yellow!
Well that was anticlimatic 
Well that was fun. A night of being violently ill every hour or so.  
well that was the longest time ive ever spent in a bar and still been able to stand up. that and we lost at both 8 and 9 ball. 
Well that wasn't a &quot;low key&quot; night. Luckily I have 120 hours until the test. And I will need lots of them. 
Well thats another f*** up in the list of F*** up's i have created for today  sorry
Well that's it, I missed all the Eurovision final action because I couldn't get my hands on this household's magic button 
Well that's it.  The Zune is lost.  17 hours of nothingness........here I come.  
Well that's it. Last exam, Further Pure Mathematics 2 (highest A-level module in difficulty), was a blast. And now I leave school 
Well that's sad about Danny 
Well that's the end of another jarsey odyssey...  don't want it to end but glad to be heading back to hove friends and cricket
Well thats the rain on again  stuck in the caravan again
well that's unfortunate...i forgot my water bottle in the freezer...its kinda cracked now 
well thats where the sun went! Northern Canada..No sun here 
Well the camera just broke on my phone so i've had a pretty good week  yeah right
Well the drywall finisher is sick so no progress today. 
Well the Fireworks show was GREAT LOUD, but no wind so we didn't see much through the smoke.  
well the lights still on  im going to the junk yard tomorow for unrelated car parts. I don't like cars that much
well the MRI came back.  3 bulging disks   Praise God that He knows what He's doing.  Keep praying for me.
Well the new iPhone OS is not out yet...  I will go to sleep and if it comes out in the morning! Night all!
Well the night would go alot better, if I were to be drunk, but unfortunatley I'm not 
Well the phone died so I couldn't do updates.   ended up 1353 and 4th on the squad.  ship it...lol
Well the radiator is busted on our van. Tour is going to be put in hold 
well the rain has been mean to my hair 
Well The Saturday is Over And i'm Tired !!   !    Subnetting !!! :O!! 11100000 - ....RFC 1918 ...
well the stanely cup parade looked nice. i was stuck at work 
Well the sun is well and truly gone. Welcome home rain! 
well the verdict is in, LA Lakers are the new Champs 
Well then! why do I even try... 
Well then......I didn't win 
Well there goes my high on life attitude 
Well they don't have a phillies big screen in Disney world 
Well they finally reactivated my account for twitter!  Yay!  Of course I donï¿½t have any followers yet, so I have no one to talk to. 
Well they've canceled the opening ceremony! At least common sense has prevailed but thanks a lot stupid bloody weather!! 
Well this has ruined my picnic with megan 
well this is a new kind of &quot;wtf, japan?&quot; http://tinyurl.com/lspbtx good luck, little guy. 
Well this is crap in work and it stunning outside bugger  http://myloc.me/2gla
Well this is day 2 sick at home and it's my birthday tomorrow 
Well this is disappointing. GAH I always fall for this kinda sht. Makes me depressed 
Well this is just lovely.  I am completely flattened by a back injury.  There goes the weekend.  
Well this isnt the best way to start mothers day  in bed with phone mp3 and ds night every1
Well this sucks it's raining at Disney! 
Well this sucks! where is everyone?? 
Well this sucks. The pizza fell.  now its a mess. eatable but messy.
well this sucks... i can't find my headphones 
Well time for bed i have to wake up in less then 8 hours  
well time for work 
well time to go  to happyland,  today earlier due to meetings making a long day 
Well time to go into hell for a day, alone.  . FML really, fuck it.
Well TODAY is already shot.Told birther truth about her abilities so OF COURSE she's VERY pissed @ me.Stupid twat.I need a new life.  
Well today ive already discovered that i cant text anyone until i come back from my holidays ! i am gutted. 
well today sucked  all i did was my project. oh well, at least it's done. so now i'm going to bed, goodnight all
well today was a bummer.. sat around all day.. then missed Sundown in the CIty due to car problems  
well today was a shitty day of chillen, cold nd raining day  &quot;_&quot;
Well today was going to be fun 
well todays the day...poor Jax. 
Well tonight pretty much fucked up 
Well twitches... Looks like I'm sick.   that blows
well twitters,  I go away, cuz i feel a bit sick  talk to you tomorrow ,
Well Twitterville doesn't look like I'll have much of a choice. I have to go w/o facebook and twitter. I'll only have texting and calls 
well twitz I need to get ready for work... gotta late day 
Well waiting for doctor to call me. I am still sick. And mozilla is acting up. 
well washed hair and dried it and it looks horrible, does not look anything like it did when the hair dresser did of the other day 
Well water sucks, it smells like hard boiled egg farts 
Well we got bene back but lost Adam. 
Well we had a good run, maybe next year. 
Well we pretty much got dominated 
Well we wont see the sun till next saturday isnt that great !!!! 
Well when I say nothing to do I don't include all the housework 
Well wow is officially on hold now! Just burnt my sausages though  - Well wow is officially on hold now! Just bur... http://bit.ly/4sRql
Well yea for their new album....after bndpd though.....mayb.......awwww nxt year! 
Well! This has been a day... Hmm I feel like I looked nice today... And now the day is over 
Well,  so far at camp it has been  well inreresting,wanna go home but having fun.wish I had my friends 
Well, @bendurbubble has landed back in hospital. Home alone tonight. 
Well, @tyyylerr i haven't tweeted you in forever. 
Well, a complete travesty - Susan Boyle comes second to a group of layabouts from Basildon!!! Now I know why I don't watch these shows 
Well, a good friend of mine may be having a heart attack.  
well, actually I want 2 sleep bt I hav 2 work  pretty bad!
Well, another family was chosen for the child we interviewed for  back to looking for another kid
Well, apparently I forgot that I'm out of melatonin...I'm probably gonna fall asleep at sunrise.  
Well, at least I got hit on by a cute guy tonight.  AND I looked butch...lol  He was shorter than me too.  I didn't get a # though. 
Well, at least I know why Lian was so hard to deal with yesterday. He woke up pukey and has been couch/tub-ridden all day. 
Well, at least the raccoon didn't make a mess around the garbage can... inside is a different story though 
Well, Caitlin just called. She got grounded for sneaking out last night, haha. No ice cream for me 2day. 
well, d&amp;d closes@11...i get out by like 11:30-11:45......its 1:05 &amp; i just got home  i hate my job...
Well, damn...  What a disappointing fight.  My Ice Man lost.  
well, doing my laundry cost me $125 tonight. 
well, f*#k. not looking good for iranian peeps.  damn it.
Well, finally I being single after long relationship. I had choice this way, but why my heart seem stop beating 
Well, first draft. Have to get the comments past the bitch of a boss. 
well, for sure I need to review portuguese and maths, so i'm going  but still here to see if the guys twitte something xx
Well, forget about the last two tweets, @emilybennet, 
Well, going to bed. Dreams are such a nice escape from the world. Too bad they don't last longer 
well, had to bite the bullet and reformat the hard drive and reload XP on the family desktop.  virus had it screwed up beyond repair 
well, hard for me 
Well, here I sit. ...sorting through data for the man.  I'm excited though...lots of great weddings coming up in the coming weeks! Fun!
Well, I am officially bored 
Well, I can't lay in bed with my crackberry any longer. I guess I'll get moving.  
Well, I can't put it off any longer.  Time to get started on that housework  This weather says I'll be sitting on the patio this afternoon
well, i cant work this weekend after all, so no plans now 
well, i got one kid in bed, one to go.  he's the tough one to settle down 
well, i got sent to front room because of my disease! oh pleaseee don't treat my like this.. 
well, i guess i'll just pray at home, lol.. that's really not funny though... I WANNA GO TO CHURCH!!! 
well, i guess no programmers knowing Regex are following me 
Well, I HAD a chance.. But I ruined it..  Maybe tomorrow..   *~*Me*~*
Well, I had a good long blog for MS that I was working on for 4 hours. Then I accidentally hit the backspace key and wiped it all out. 
Well, I have the internet again for a trial period from Sprint.  Still not sure if I am staying with them.  Pre or no Pre. C/S sux. 
Well, I have the new house to myself for the next 3 days. Who wants to practice making out with me? I don't want to have to use my hand. 
well, I have to do math's homework!!  
well, i have to go to work 
well, I knew that wouldnt last, Trev came to my room crying and dragging his blues clues pillow, said he had a bad dream 
well, i made it down to 663 emails. helluva day 
Well, I made the list look better, but I can't do anything about the number pictures, since I already closed that tab. 
Well, i now hate my Dog, damn git woke me up at 5am by licking my ear :S been awake since and have work at 10am 
well, i ran out of maroon wool for my harry potter scarf. looks like no knitting until tomorrow 
Well, i slept for 18 half hours and got my bank statement before my parents... Wow life is good. Now, if only i didnt have about 15 bites 
Well, I still can't get my background to load 
Well, I think I'm finally going to do the one thing I reeeely did not want to do.  Protect my updates.  
Well, I thought I was going to the movies with my son, but he stood me up and went to his girlfriend's house instead. 
Well, I thought I would be done babysitting today, but my replacement miraculously got sick today, so now I'm stuck til Friday 
Well, I wish I was at E3 but I'm not. 
Well, I won't make it to Panera.  Good reason tho... date with Jeremy!
Well, if friends only buy tickets for other friends besided you, I guess that means you're no longer in the loop... 
well, i'll leave it at that and say i don't want them to get divorced 
well, im all unpacked....its highly upsetting and depressing - but I know that life goes on.....now I just have to believe it 
Well, i'm awake and it's the last day of my holiday today! i'm not looking forward to work tomorrow after having two weeks off 
Well, I'm feeling a little better now but I SO don't want to go home tomorrow 
Well, I'm going to have a father's day kind of breakfast, with my mom's special friend  ... FML, for real T_T
Well, I'm home...alone... 
Well, I'm just getting ready for a 4 hour drive, on my day off, in scorching heat in a car that is going to break down at any minute. 
Well, I'm off to Del Rio. Dropping off my nephew and sis-in-law. I'm going to miss his little face so much. 
well, I'm off to work!  I haaaate work!
well, im up  its 8:02AM. but my bby keeps sayin' &quot;awe&quot; and its adorable&lt;3
Well, inkfrog finally launched.  Unfortunately it launched 8 of the same item *sigh* But Im on top of it..
Well, interesting BG cocktails at Rufus Leonard... Stranded on a slow train to mina... 
Well, isn't it always? I have time to sleep some more, but I am wide awake.  Good Mornin.
Well, isn't that great? Now I'm really sick, all coughing and having a sore throat. 
Well, it is time for bed. Some of us have to get up at 5:30 am for work  Talk to you tomorrow!!
Well, it looks like that was an experiment that failed. 
Well, it's 06/17. I still can't download ver 3.0 
Well, its 6 am and its time for work 
Well, it's almost 11 pm and still no Marvin. That's it then, if he is not dead yet I don't think he could survive a night outside 
Well, it's Sunday night, and the twits weekend is almost at an end.  Going back home tomorrow.
Well, it's very hot out. And i want to listen to lines,vines,and trying times!! 
Well, I've been shot down again, and i'm not sure there is a second hope for this one 
Well, I've finished my last day at placement and I feel kinda blue now 
Well, last night it was thunder and tonight it's gunshots...or explosions.  Still scared.  
Well, made carb free pasta tonight - it was pretty good! We had sugar free rice pudding for dessert - not bad! Still no sun - 
well, matthew drowned and is dead.  i really don't know how i feel about it.  happened fri.  richard was so upset when he called 
Well, moving into the new flat tomorrow. Gotta disconnect the internet. At least I can still use my mobile internet... No ruddy 3G tho... 
Well, my daughter is feeling much better, but unfortunately she passed the flu bug on to me 
Well, my job is safe (for now) but a lot of sad faces at work today 
well, my OCK membership is officially over.  now how am i going to occupy all of my omputer time?
Well, my wisdom teeth are finally acting up. I have no dental insurance, but I have no choice 
Well, my youngest is 13 today. Happy birthday wee man! He's got a school trip to a safari park too! I feel old today 
Well, Nadal is out, 15th for Federer? *Crosses fingers*  Debating on seeing Chelsea or Coldplay...tough decision 
Well, no breakfast in bed this morning   So I sit at the kitchen table alone with my bowl of cereal &amp; my crackberry!
Well, no festival for me.  Too sick to go.  Better now and heading home.  Hopefully tomorrow will be better.  Missed Aaron Tippin.  
Well, nobody ate.  screw you transition!
Well, Norman became a victim of a PAINFUL LOSS in Check-Out. Total: $3.17. 
Well, now I'm awake. Whyyy? 
Well, of course the envelope I have for the book I need to mail is too small...if it had fit....what fun would that be. 
Well, off goes the beard it seems. 
Well, Oracles must be adding those alts to their kin. They have knocked almost 20,000 points off our lead since late last night 
Well, our insurance doesn't pay for weight loss surgery. I guess they'd rather risk having to pay 4 a heart attack or diabetes treatment. 
Well, packed and ready to start the vacation in Florida! Oh by the way we sucked tonight at the RedHawks stadium... 
well, partly finished anyway. break time now. then to start phys chem (the hard part) 
Well, Sacramento, I hope you appreciate Rivkah Sass &amp; treat her well. I'll be sitting here in Omaha, pouting 
Well, she's getting through. 
well, since school started. i don't tweet that much. sorry guys 
well, six months of trying to get pregnant and still a no go.. what the hell is wrong?? 
Well, so much for the fucking stalkers having &quot;laid off&quot; during this whole PR stunt stuff going on 
Well, that only took... a long time. Ugh   But hey - @Spuning should be happier now!
Well, that was 30 mins of solid work on my sewing machine!! Its a 1930's Singer so my arm is now hurting   Gonna watch Shipwrecked!
well, that was a nice summer wasn't it? fall is here and we need to get ready for winter. Strap on kiddies! Its Jingle-Bell time!   
Well, that was a quicky  I just got going on his incredible bubblebutt when he couldn't hold it anymore and blew his spunk.
Well, that was a short-lived fantasy. Bob says: 'No.' and he will not change his mind. 
well, THAT was an exercise in futility. J is 0 for 3 on Japanese food. No more sushi, noodles, tempura for a few years. 
Well, that was freaking annoying. More teeny boppers dancing around to a song I've heard a thousand times now. 
Well, that was short lived. Now Safari can't find the plug-in. 
well, that went quite well (if Rudi can actually read it) ;) 4 down 2 to go and next one Cognitive Modelling on Monday 
well, thats me screwed - doesn't look like mum can lend me the money 
Well, the BGT final was a stonker. And BGMT is good too. Shame it's over already.  What's next?
Well, The front-ending was nice. Turned out there is some back-ending to do as well, I'm not enjoying myself 
Well, the house sparrows rebuilt the nest we tossed 2 days ago, and now there's an egg in it. Guess we'll wait for the rest to be laid. 
Well, the living room is clean. Now for the kitchen 
Well, the Stanley Cup Finals seem to be turning out rather like last years 
Well, there's the good head I had enjoyed for the past day. Feel like shit now and I don't think it's the hangover. 
Well, this is what happened on Friday. Sad day  http://twitpic.com/6ch72
Well, this time I danced the salsa with young(ish) good dancers. They were still kind of handsy, but - upgrade? I also smell like beer. 
well, to get my brother and then come back. gahh! I want to see my aunt  but I don't like the idiot that lives across the street.
Well, today is my birthday...now at 28 years old...it's worth.. 
Well, today started out really good (aside from sleeping in way to late) then I got to work 
well, transparent background is ok now, all layout is done, waiting for my boss's answer 
well, up again, no progression on anything, down to 1 vicodin left, hopefully done today 
Well, we didn't make it  #mcff09
Well, we gave it a good go. Without the rain we might have had them  Good effort England. #twenty20
well, we were going to head to Burlington, but now we're in tornado alley. 
Well, went to the ER and they took my appendix out last night  Prohibited me from posting the WR until today. Thanks for the support guys!
Well, yours are nice anyways 
Well,My father went swimming with my cousin.I wanted to go,but I had to go to my cram school 
Well,slept my Saturday away.Didn't get what I wanted done today.Long night ahead and very early morning again tomorrow.Goodbye weekend 
well,trust me to comment on the weather-its bucketing with rain now  Even my ducklings are hiding in the hedge.....
well.  My chocolate showed up.  At least its not lost.. just not where I can eat it.   LOL  ~a
Well. Back to reality in a couple days. I think it just hit me that i have to leave. 
Well. i hate being alone. 
well. i officialy lost  but i still want to hit 100! doesnt matter that i have to dress up as a mariachi band member lol
Well. My swing set is gone. 
Well. That was unexpected. Heres to a wet pillow.... 
Well. The jag just took a shit on my way home from training  I hope it's just the alternator.
Well.. school is waiting, have to go ! 
well.. the weather is atrocious and my feet are ice. nothing's gonna stop me from studying like hell this weekend! not even feeling sick. 
Well.. the weekend was good, very relaxing. Back to school tomorrow 
well.. we were gonna go to hollywood today but my sister is sick  bummer... probably going shopping
Well... &quot;happy hour&quot; never came so... instead I'm watching The Weather Network and wishing I was at work 
Well... bollocksed that exam up. My class now rests entirely on my disseratation mark, and I really, really don't want a 2.2. 
Well... Happiness isn't in Swiss rolls 
well... iahve to work @ 5  lol &lt;3melissa&lt;3
well... I'll ho to bed very tierd.  It was a hard weekend tomorrow school  see you tomorrow Good night tweeter world
Well... I'm not happy. 
Well... I'm still Heartbroken 
well... it got rained out  what will i do with 4 days off!?
Well... It is nice to know that Barrio St. Paul can do that thing Barrio Minneapolis can do.â€¦ It is going to be a long day at work 
Well... since Jenny is apparently in the mall and not home, I guess i'll have to settle for instant coffee  Hmph!!!
well... that sucked! 
well... This is bullshit and i dont know how to fix it.  Sorry you guys... Virusy 
WELL... WOKE UP WIT ANOTHER HANG OVER  DONT FEEL LIKE DOIN SHIT!! BUT ONCE THIS HANGOVER BLOWS OVER... ITS BACK 2 DRINKING! LOL!!
Well... Working was boring barely anyone came  maybe because every freakin person went to ripe!! So bummed 
Well..... I officially learned that LIFE SUCKS!!!.....so get a straw! =] life sometimes does suck though like rite now i'm going 2 school 
Well.....he's gone. My biggest crush ever..is gone. he moved away  I hate this, I had so much faith in him. We had so much potential.
Well.....my mum is sreaming at me;; GO TO BED !  pff it's THE WEEKEND MOM -_-
Well.....no one wants to tweet with me so i guess ill continue working...my 1st time on here and......nothing 
well.....packing starts tomorrow      it's been fun kent.
Well....its here 
Well...got a cold and feel like crap.  No Chinatown tonight 
Well...guess it was meant for me to be single at this moment...guess u'll never understabd how I truly feel about u 
Well...here we go .. starting off the day...cleaning is going to be my worst nightmare 
Well...I found out what it was. Apparently (lol) it happened when I went to iFanboy.com. Hmph. Sorry guys! 
Well...I guess it's time for me 2 go back 2 the real world now...unfortunately   Until 2morrow!
well...just got back from that run thinggg...and it was so gay because bridget ditchedd me. i guess im not special 
Well...no longer &quot;in the dark&quot;...I'll be officially unemployed come June 25th! 
Well...off the Cotton Exchange  Wish i could go somewhere else
Well...so lov to go out wif my gals but all my money is in my bookbank  don't hv any cash ritenow ... Signnnn
well...so much for the fun the dad is coming back home 
Well...The beginning of a VERY LONG week is upon me, the GF is gone with her family.    Oh HOW MUCH I will miss her! Miss her already!  
Well...well I got a very bad grade on my sociology final. Depending on what my overall GPA is, I may have my financial aid cancelled. 
Well...we're going minus one party-goer.  I lovezz you Ashlus.  &lt;3
well..4th place  not in the money
Well..class is about to start. damn. no sub.  i wanna ditch...
Well..I am awake, but wishing that I did not have to work today.  Might as well start getting ready for work I reckon.........
well..I guess I'll talk to dad  2morrow mornig   =[  We'll see he's reaction...Lets pray God 4 him not to B mad at me    I didn't mean it
Well..me,kevin,danille,nick,miley are going to applebees Dem is fimling sonny with a chance 
wellll i just woke up, and i don't want to fucking go to church  ahhhhhh i'm super tired :/
wellll, i was gonna go see fall out boy today, but its postponed because the rain  laaaameee
Wellllll don't I feel like a complete jackass. 
wellllll. idk. i just want oneeee.. 
Wells fargo appraisal reevaluation still came in at original appraised value. 5 offers and this. Aren't we working hard enough?    
welp back home, and the sun is missing, its rather sad 
welp im off to grab something to drink bc what i want isnt here 
Welp, it'll be O'Gara for certain next week. Can't afford to miss penalties the way Wellies did today 
welp, that was my last regular saturday night at dapps  can't get guru josh project &quot;infinity 2008&quot; out of my head! &lt;3 techno beatsss
welp,.., jazzy was the first to say goodbye  it's happening ALL TOO FAST i was jus talkin s**t when i said  i was ready to leave! today 
Welp... Ima force this piece of bread down my throat to soak up the bile... Gross I know..   n then ima try to sleep..
welsh coursework sucks 
W'ends jus aint long enuf 
wendy needs yet another bath and i think her trannys about to fall out  over at andys hungry and bored i need more friends................
wendy's chicken nuggets suck now and they only giveu 4 instead of 5  the affects of the recession
Went 2 a &quot;party&quot; for my Stepdad,&amp;found out that he may only have 6Months 2 live due to his pancreatic cancer,I cant stop silently cryin 
Went 2 My Sis School For Like 3Mins  Pickin Up My Cousin Now
Went 2 the Galleria Dallas - ytday - more people there than I have seen in the last year - but not many buying. 
went 2 this party 2day... it was str8. then this bad bitch in purple showed up. lil mama had a mean swag. she aint pay me no attention. 
went 40 Kms up hwy 5 before realizing I wasn't on hwy 3, which I was supposed to be.    oh well, time for dinner in Penticton!!!
went arse up at work today...took all the skin off my knee and elbow... and put a massive hole in my new work pants 
Went back to sleep for another hour and a half... Fully awake now, bout to go out in a few, even though it's raining... 
Went back to the ICU tonight. Very depressing, esp @ night. They still don't know what's wrong with Andrew. 
went bday shopping for g this eve. found a good book &amp; a concert dvd. un4tunately, both were for me. lady gifts were just not a-poppin'. 
Went downtown tonight! Bought a new watch and fell in love with a beautiful (and expensive   ...) white purse!
Went flounder fishing again today and caught nothing again. 
Went for a haircut, a &quot;trim&quot; to even it out- it was too long on the bottom &amp; she cut it all off really short! 
went for a nice family stroll at reston town center, said no to the new gelato place... 
went for a ride but the rain showed up 30 min in 
went for a rnd of the closest (legal) thing to weed but still not high 
Went for a run with @QCBoutique earlier....and now I can't feel my legs 
went for a run with new running shoes.. my poor left foot and blisters 
Went for a run, downed a gallon (or close to it) and am dealing with dinner swishing in my belly...i feel icky!! 
Went for a walk in golden gate park, enjoying exploring little hidden paths, but they mostly led to homeless peoples' campsites  SF -1
Went for bike ride today in new pink &amp; black nerdy Lycra. Was going well until puncture 5 miles from home. Had to ride home on flat tyre 
went for my morning jog, enjoyed the beautiful weather, and then showered. Wow, I feel so refreshed..only problem, I have to work...ugh 
Went for quick blast round fields and paths with the hounds. My knee ain't right still  #cycling dogs all knackered now though #dogs
Went for run, my sinuses are pissing me off 
went from a not so good mood, to a REALLY good mood, to an even worse mood than before  
Went from super excited to so upset in 2.5 seconds 
went grocery shopping, and got home and nobody's home, i am home alone! 
Went home at 9 to change outta work clothes before going to the rock show.  Just woke up on couch.  
Went home cause I forgot my license and now I don't want to get up. Not a good day today 
Went home from school early - I just feel terrible 
went in 1 of those wind cylanders. so much fun! i went up so high!!!!! i was flying! then i saw up! omg, russel has such a sad back story 
Went in the garden today after washing my dogs. I smell of wet dog now  @sufiaa you beat me ;'(
Went in the water with my red collar on, now my chest hair is pink! I'm a PINK boy dog!!! 
went into a Fopp and the place just looks like a HMV now.  I like HMV but i like variety more 
went into a radar trap today  http://plurk.com/p/xpdwg
Went on a college tour of st bens/st johns. I didnt like the school and plus its so hot that i feel like im going to die 
Went on a mountain climb to feed the homeless kittens/cat...got stuck. Thorns and scratches. Robbie had to come and save me 
Went on a walk with my puppy. Its hotter than hell outside...I wanna move to San Clemente NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Grrrrrr. 
went on another walk to day with Sophie. Bought cake mix for Ruth, really tired 
went on major shoppin trip 2day, awesome, although i wont get much of a chance to wear the stuff if da weather continues like dis 
went on to talk to her mom but she isnt on.  trying to get use to this computer. okayy byee. talk to me. yeah? i want my phone.
went out for a pool party las nite, paying for it this morning 
went out for breakfast with my sister, now back home to study 
Went out for just one hour in the sun yesterday..got sever headache the whole day 
Went out for lunch...overstuffed myself....now more sleepyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
went out for Sushi last night, but missed the movie 
Went out in Nice last night, got told off by a Frenchie, went swimming at 3am, slept til 1. Should be beach time, but it's overcast. BOO 
went out in the nagpur sun.. got roasted n fried in his own sweat... 
went out last night and got absolutely smashed, now im paying for it this morning.. 
Went out last night!  Had fun!  Now it's back to work 
went out last nite and had her drink spiked  people need to grow up
Went out to get groceries...prices are inflating  Gas went up another 10 cents to hit $2.49... #TCOT
Went out to get the mail.. the heat almost knocked me over. I'm reading 86 here in Marion! 
went out to pay bills and get grocies and got soaked 
Went out to xs got per hammered, fun night! Will do again soon.... Like today soon 
Went outside to take pictures of flowers, but there were bees so I came back. 
Went past aunt betty's house. It's a huge complex now 
Went past elevat32 on Saturday. Seems to have closed down  what happened? Always looked busy.
went pebble/creek hiking... marley-0 current-3 my puppy almost died! 
Went rather OTT on the breakfast buffet and feel a bit queezy 
Went round shops lookin for a job 2day, no vacancies anywhere  lol
Went running shoe shopping and came out empty handed 3 stores later. 
went shopping  we all know how that goes 
Went shopping for a purse, got back with two shoes, a pair of pants and no purse. Nice 
Went shopping for nothing -_- THERE IS NEVER MY SIZE FOR JEANS !!!  is everybody size 3 or what ?? -_- pff
Went shopping today with new shoes and it was possibly the WORST idea Ive ever had !!  My feeeeeet
went shopping. came back and tried to do some history revision. getting back into revision is hard. 
went shopping... feel bad! 
Went swimming 2day. -_- *sigh* God, summer has been SOOO boring so far. 
went swimming and got a little burnt. 
went swimming and layed out today. Back home and about to start on homework 
Went swimming today have a bruised knee 
went swimming, sunburned, am loving it. SATs tomorrow. 
went through san jose today. reminded me of dionne warwick. and alick...  sigh.
Went to  BiggerThanElvis last night, and totally missed the show!  Recovering from our planB - turned out to be a night of debauchery!
Went to 2 different H&amp;M's to find the Dangerous Muse Fight Against Aids shirt and still can't find it. 
Went to 38 Wellington expecting fantastic gelato only to find that Solferino has permanently closed their doors. Still craving gelato 
went to a bbq and then the beach. my brother says i reek of seaweed 
went to a beach party 2day. Im sooo burnt!!! 
Went to a Blues Festival last night - got very drunk and ate yummy dinner...and now i'm vomiting....sick 
Went to a crazy 7 am yoga class. The old woman next to me (circa age 70) was more flexible than me 
Went to a has station with no air pump or sunglasses 
went to a lovely bday dinner last night, came home, got nauseous, and chucked it up. culprit: too many diff alcohols and foods combined 
Went to a new chiropractor today, receptionist punched me in the balls and made me cry 
went to a screening of Year One and was very disappointed.  Had its moments, but was mostly just gross and dumb, but not in a good way 
went to a screening tonight for (500) Days Of Summer with Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Zooey Deschanel... it wasn't as great as I had hoped 
Went to a wedding today, almost laughed out loud when the pastor said &quot;Jesus was invited today, and he never refuses an invitation.&quot;  #fb
Went to Arab Street, Bugis &amp; Joo Chiat (tawaf punya tawaf cari langsir punya pasal) today with mum. Now having migraine. 
Went to bed @3am and paying for it bc my kids get up at 6am 
went to bed about 5 hours ago ish.... just woke up. can't breathe and restless. 
went to bed at 12. Woke up after nightmare. Can't sleep now. 
went to bed at 2am and up at 5am 
went to bed at 4 am got up at 1:45    no church today.  headache. pretty crappy day.
went to bed at 4a.m., up at 9a.m. extremely tired and still not finished downloading my music for iTunes  i think i'm off to Sam's Club?
went to bed at 9 pm and is up at 4:30 
Went to bed early last night for the first time in like a month!! But now I'm awake at 6am with nothing to do..... 
Went to bed super early today to be woken up by helicopters literally outside my window. Brownsville will never change. 
Went to bed with headache, &amp; I woke up with headache.....,c'mon now cut me a fricken break 
went to bed. dozed off. woke up from panic attack from thinking about today. writing on livejournal to ease my mind so i can sleep  ugh!
went to blog but the site isn't working for some reason  I'll try again later.
went to bloom in our pjs to get mike'n'ikes and scary movies[quarentine and prom night] then i stepped in dog pooop  haha
went to Busch Gardens today Shiekra was down!  Took a four hour nap and now just finished my lab quizzes
went to cafe at my job for breakfast, in error i walked out with fake eggs,  fake pork sausage, and pan cakes and sugar free syrup , 
went to Canobie Lake Park today. had fun, but i scraped my knee. 
Went to canterbury for a road trip. I want to go there now 
Went to casino in Iowa. It was stinky. Iowa is not smoke-free like Illinois. 
Went to chateau elan today for work. Wish I could have stayed for a massage and the pool  #fb
Went to cracker barrel  seriously one of the youngest people there! LOL
Went to Craft of Folk, nothing sold this week   Positive thinking about next week though.
Went to Dickens today, but couldn't find any of her friends 
went to dunkin donuts feigning for a French cruller, they were all gone 
Went to Dunkin Donuts this morning only to find out they dont sell Blueberry bagels anymore 
Went to eat some chef boyardee ravioli tonight, only to find my wonderfully esteemed roommate ate them  I was totally craving raviolis
Went to Egypt for a week for windsurfing and came back with over 150 urchin needles in my foot and hand. Don't get stuck on a coral reef! 
went to Forever 21 for the first time...found a gorgeous dress and they didn't have anymore  quest for a sundress continues...
Went to get my eye brows waxed and now has first degree burns on them. Ugh. Stupid acne med 's 
Went to go and try help the 30 beached whales this morning 
went to go see transformers 2 tonight and the movie was SOLD OUT.  Needless to say the kids were bummed 
went to hamilton today for a burger compition my school didnt win how sad 
Went to his house  he wasnt there
Went to hockey, no hockey 
Went to HPFZ and page came up saying the domain has expired.. I'm..freaking out right now. 
went to ikea. bought some ekby's and bjarnum's. drilled into my asbestos filled walls. feel like i have lung cancer now. 
Went to jazz tonight (still checking bags btw), got their 'reasonably priced' house white &amp; it was the most tasteless wine I've ever had 
Went to LA today â™¥  fun fun fun! don't want this weekend to end 
Went to Lakemont today with Ash and Misty. I'll be headin home tomorrow 
went to lifeguarding class, then to the city pool. tried to get a tan again- i got nothing. 
Went to Milwaukee for Nationwide race ..bummer 
went to my cuz graduation last night and my head still hurts from all that screaming 
went to my dermatologist to have the warts removed off my face and neck. t'was painful...  
went to my mates wedding last night, it was a great day ! the evening party was cut short due to grant starting work at 5am today 
went to nordstrom, mcqueen rack is empty. everything moved to sale rack. The mcqueen jacket from resort I wanted was marked down to 1300! 
Went to open inspection of dream house. Drove past it lots in past 6yrs, swooning. Totally crumbling, will probably be knocked down. 
Went to physio last night said I had a grade 2 ligament tear of my atfl another 2 weeks before I can get back to sprinting speed 
Went to pizza hut and there was a hair in our pizza 
Went to play some survival mode on L4D. Welcome to the red rings my friend 
Went to pole class. Feeling discouraged. I am hopeless when it cones to dancing or sexy moves or spreading my legs. 
Went to pour my coffee. Realized I made water... Forgot to add the ground coffee 
Went to Redstone Meadery looking for a cure for my aching muscles. But the two furs would not wait for the taste-testing. 
went to ruins to buy dvds, right when i got there it was being raided by the cops. just my luck 
Went to see Glass Candy tonight with my guy. My Blackberry screen is cracked. Poor BB!  Anyone know how to replace it?
Went to see Land of the Lost with Will Farrell.....  A dish better served with Alcohol no doubt.....  
went to see my dentist early in the morning,8 pasta!1seems to hurt whenever I chew 
Went to see Night atthe Museum 2 today, it was awesome  I'm bored though now 
Went to see Pixar's UP 3D. with kids. Great animation. Scary Dogs. Didn't see end. 
Went to see The Da Vinci Code, which sucked even worse than the book...
went to see the dentist. can't eat and im starving. really sucks.  and ist's painful.
Went to see xmen last night wit dre it was cool to just hang with him for awhile. Now im going to work 
Went to sleep at 5 and already up. 
Went to sleep at 6 am...ughhh...I'm still tired 
Went to sleep at 7 and now im up   have to be up at 7. Hope i get up on time!
Went to sleep at 9 and I'm just now getting up...I'm still tired 
Went to sleep in my bed, woke up on the couch/Maybe it will rain /Maybe I will receive a large sum of money from somewhere/Maybe not. 
Went to sleep late. I think a certain someone hates me! Though I admire them 
went to sleep with my hair still abit wet last nigh, what a mess it is now 
went to tagaytay for mother's day.. tired .. 
Went to Tesco this morning to get a refund of a wrongly priced shampoo.   And I missed my 11am yoga class!  
Went to the #dforum festival.Very interesting.Canon *CPS cleaned Equipment.No win in the sweepstake  still saving up for that #5DmarkII
Went to the apple store - none of their docks would connect to my iphone... looks like I'm boned   Pretty pissed 
Went to the Athletics Carnival today! Tired, very tired! I hurt my back when I jumped for the second time on the High Jump! 
Went to the beach at the end of my road yesterday.  Went swimming and everything.  Did get a bit of a sunburn, tho.    Back to work today.
Went to the beach today and i'm burned! 
Went to the beach today- FABULOUS. Missing my Lismore guys HEAPS!!  can't believe I'm leaving in 2 weeks, I'm gonna miss Oz SO much
Went to the beach yesterday and it was FANTASTIC!! But now i have a lot of h/w to do. 
Went to the Beach. Stones as far as I could see  My Butt was numb from sitting on the stones and it was really breezy with tons of flies..
Went to the blue october concert the 12th and it was amazing! I miss it! Replay that day!  now im at the grand canyon. yay!
went to the circus and scraped my knee    it hurtss  :'(
Went to the dentist 2 weeks ago &amp; he said my teeth were great. So why is my tooth throbbing? 
Went to the dentist for a cleaning, left with a root canal 
Went to the dentist now my lip is fat and swallon 
Went to the dentist over 2 hours ago and i can still taste blood  yuk
Went to the dentist this morning...clean teeth! But now my teeth and gums hurt   
went to the dentist, had a driving lesson and should now start packing for tomorrow. got to be up for 5 apparently 
went to the dentist. my mouth is frozen  and i'm hungry!!!
Went to the doc today and found out I seperated my shoulder and partially tore a ligament. Out from football for 6-8 weeks. 
Went to the docs today  good news I don't have the swine 
went to the doctor this morning,,, arghh had a needle!!! hate them 
Went to the doctor two days ago and I'm still sick  whhhhhhyyyyyyyy?
went to the doctor, sinus infection start of an ear infection, body aches...could it get any worse?  camp meeting really dont wanna go!
Went to the doctor's. Turns out I have a throat infection  Too bad, I'm STILL going to Nikita's party.
Went to the eye doctor and got my eye's dialated. The clerk at the following store i went to was looking at me funny 
Went to the falls today. Had a blast! I feel like a little kid though, i scraped my knee 
Went to the furniture store. Cute SA guy was there. Still didn't ask for my number though 
Went to the Gardening Club that I have killed myself to set up - no-one showed   Never mind we potted on some little cherry tomato babies
went to the gym last night, i didn't feel like i pushed myself hard but i must of since i was a little sick, gym not open today 
Went to the gym. I feel better but my stomach pain is worse. 
went to the junk yard...delaney was cute ! , got our down payment back  &amp;     , went to dinner then walmart...
Went to the mall to buy a suit and left with a 24in apple monitor and no suit. 
Went to the minute clinic and nothing can b done for my blisters really discouraged and sad 
went to the orthodontist this morning, still another month left. bleh. 
Went to the park with my BFF. Wanted to get abducted by werewolves. Didn't happen. 
Went to the pool for a few hours with the kids. Had a blast. However I am now red as a lobster! 
Went to the terrace to capture some brilliant lightning. And then it starting raining 
Went to the vending maching to get Bugles. No Bugles  Perhaps it is a sign that I don't need the snack anyway.
went to the vet again for more antibiotic shots..we saw a german shep being operated on  ,bitten by another dog.get well shep!
went to Topshop @Oxford St, only to find out days later there were 7 cases of H1N1 infections there. 
Went to town today and brought some nice shoes (: i found some in house or fraiser but they were Â£49 so i couldnt get then  Bummer x
Went to Trace's the other night, wasn't the same... I miss our Tuesday outings 
went to Trigger and lordy, lordy, lordy...been there and will never go again. It is a circus and not in a good way! 
Went to Troy for the first time in 2 months to pick up comics today. I'm depressed at how much Aquilonia changed  I miss Marc
went to visit the Doctor. Says that I need a bone scan and some P.T. Pray for me, please. 
Went to Wal-Mart looking for a tshirt with wolves howling at the moon... Didn't find one 
went to Wings last night,&amp; @Jason_Compton ordered some beignets...&amp; i tried them and they sucked and only made me miss New Orleans  thx J.
Went to work friend's new casa! I miss South Austin 
Went up to my room to realise my huge JB board is not on the floor anymore  lol
Went with my mom to homw depot thinking it would be a half hour it has been 45 min &amp; im gonna miss imprint live 
Went yard sale-ing fun; some shirts, some cuddly animals and A REALLY NICE RED...SUNBURN. Just great, I say. Im gonna be CRYING tomorrow. 
weoll good night all xoxo wish me luck for the busy day ahead tomorrow  oh well what can you do lol good night
we're  having a tornado in Whiteville!! I'm home alone  I want my mother
We're alive!! It's too cold for the beach though 
We're all separating 
We're ALL so blessed 2 B here. 05 plane to is VERY NEW, shows that anything can happen. God is still God, it was time. 
We're almost there! the weekend is right around the corner.. well sortta.. gotta work on Sat.  then it's the weekend!
We're at checkers drunk and straving. @TamraTwl want a bacon cheese burger chilli cheese dog AND hit wings!!! LOL and it's rainy 
We're back in the Netherlands. In Belgium GPRS didn't work 
We're barely keeping it at 80 degrees INSIDE the apartment.  I hate this place so much. 
Were bout to drive thru the sketchiest storm maybe we shoulda held off on dallas for a day or two. Haha I need to find my Burberry case. 
Were contemplating going back for Youth Service tonight but can't find a driver for the cottage Van, Disabled taxis are also unreliable 
We're doing personality tests on the G today. My boyfriend is an ESFJ. My friend is an INTP. I, however, seem to defy classification 
We're down due to hardware failure...  we'll be back online shortly
We're driving into a bad storm 
We're excited about the summer season of shows, but not about the current state of summer weather 
we're getting new carpet and all this banging is giving me a migraine and a half 
were getting our house built! but it wont be done for FOUR months 
We're getting violent.  Program randomly decided to hate us when we took a break to get food 
we're goin to take NCAE T_T too much review, and too much pressure 
We're going backwards - what thappened to our physicality?? - wasn't expecting this  #Lions
We're going out to eat for Father's Day. I don't have any time to get ready. 
We're going to different schools next year. I'm gonna miss everyone so much! 
We're going to Target   I don't wanna.
We're go-karting today - never been before Very high chance of crashing I think!  #fb
We're having it our way... We're at BK!  http://bit.ly/15r7Aa Full of screaming kids 
We're heading home now.....sad 
We're in the wrong terminal 
were is my pic 
were is she? why didn she call? just please come hom soon!!! 
We're leaving the feild trip 
We're leaving.  I didn't see you. But if I did, I'd probably hide. Or run away. So it's okay.
We're looking for a mid-level developer. Being born in July a bonus as that's a cake-free month here  http://www.firewater.net/careers
We're losing team member to warmer climates..  But now there's an opening for a Product Manager position - if you're interested ping me!
We're moving onto a new server! Its going to take a week or two.  We might have to start over again,  awww.
We're not allowed to go to the kofi annan thing on thursday 
We're not doing anything today.  And I was really looking forward to this weekend too. 
We're not getting the house  Flaky Realtor + double-dealing seller = no house this time around. *sigh* trying to look at the positives.
were NOT going outta town 
we're not gonna be in the computer lab tomorrow in orchestra... it was really fun making videos with jessie! 
We're not taking the flat. 
we're not the same any more ... I can't stand this 
We're now at the Urgent Care clinic bc Chris and Ava are both coughing... 
We're on lock down again! so I can't leave school 
We're on our way back!! Consensus is to stay another week or so 
we're parked in from of a place with a 'sorry we're closed' sign out front. makes me miss Matty boy and his rants about nothing. 
We're sad Susan Boyle lost  We wanted her to get her dream to sing for the Queen
we're so busy at work, it's nuts. no break for me again 
We're so late. We missed the 1st day of international. 
We're so, so, sorry everyone, but we've come to the end  PLEASE read: http://tinyurl.com/knnlwj. Your support has been fantastic!
we're still not a trend ??? WHY NOT ???  #BSB
We're supposed to have a bbq today on the rooftop terrace and they're calling for rain ALL DAY 
We're taking my cats to be rehomed. Sad day 
We're trying to do a guild get together in September. Really excited. 21 people /signed so far. Dan said no hook-ups and no fiber. Sigh. 
we're waiting for 3.5 hours, and yet we have not yet started, worse we're waiting for our lunch! grr! 
We're watching Moulin Rouge! 
We're watching our movies alphabetically and Dirty Harry was up next. Our burned copy doesn't play! And our VCR is broken! Sad. 
we're wondering in the office: what's the new Twitter? nobody seems to be using the old one any more... (via @drepsac)- agree  #fixreplies
WES 2009: BES 5.0 Goes Live! http://tinyurl.com/dezxes (via @crackberry). It's going to take my corporate IT a year to sort this out. 
Wes, you suck with your hidden agenda 
Wesley Chapel AA Allstars are the district Champs! Off to States in a week, meaning we have to cut our vacation short 
West loses 
West Texas = cell hell 
westest all morning 
westfields again, but last time in a long while now i've gotta work 
wet &amp; soggy out....&quot;paw drying&quot; is not a sport I'm trying to medal in 
wet and naked!!! Just got out of the shower =P Freezing my ass off 
wet ankles are not the way forward, esp with no dry socks to hand 
Wet hair + No Hair Dryer =  ... Dry fucker, DRY!!!
Wet Sunday - housework 
Wet, wet, and continuing wet...    The Forecast for our show tomorrow is also, wet... more rain.  NOT encouraging.
wetbar tonight for bablak's nineteenth. too bad im not going 
We've been good. I'm not liking the snow right now, was getting used to the nice Spring-like weather.  How about you?
We've been having too much rain man 
we've got Ronaldo and Kaka, now if we could just take Villa from Valencia but honestly, it sounds like mission impossible. 
We've got to get @hsus involved with @CityofBryan &amp; @TheEagle to stop #dogfighting &amp; #pit bull cruelty! bait dogs have such crummy lives 
We've had religious idiots prancing around the city all morning with loud obnoxious music and littering almost every street 
We've had to cancel the Weldmar Black &amp; White Ball on 4 July 2009. I was looking forward to it 
We've lost another dog to the wire snare  http://is.gd/RxfO
We've lost Tiny ham   I hope you're safe and come back to us mini-est hamster ever ;____;
we've ran out of coffee 
wew..there's so many mosquitos in here..hush!hush!!! 
wewp, another day at the office  today was my telecommute day!
Wf?!  The Blockbuster near campus closed!  
WFH today, seeing a doc at 10:45. eye is not better 
WFT! I canÂ´t buy a ipod touch. Need a credit card  What should i do now?
Wha... where did Sunday go? 
Whaa why cant i sleep?!  hate it.
Whaa. Just woke up and put glasses on and they feel really oddly heavy on my schnoss 
Whaaaa....it's thundering. 
Whaaaaa! Mickey rourke will be at E3 tomorrow n i can't go!!! 
whaaaaaaaa..Miley's hyves is again..everything lose what she ever write to me  be saddy..
Whaaaaaaaaaaat??? Max &gt; Kupono  #sytycd
whaaaaaat obviously :0 i expected it to be like falling in love or something 
whaaaaat i lost a damn follower. 
whaaaat ?! It's snowing here ... AGAIN !! And not just a little bit, I can't see anything outside. Everything is white 
Whaaaat am I going to do without my sugaaaaarrrrrrrrrr the thought of no sugar makes me  already
Whaaat! Warped Tour is gonna be awesome! I wanna go. 
whaaat? how come I am following so many people? i haven't even pressed follow on them.. and i don't even know who half of them are.. 
whaat a shit weather...grr hate it !!! 
Whack a kitty! No sound card in the office equals no metric live stream.  - http://tweet.sg
Whacked out on drugs after my latest ankle twisting mishap... Wanna sleep... but can't... Next few days look rough 
Whackest day of the week 
whadafuxup with twitter!! I still dont get it! 
Whale Wars just made me cry 
what ? Whats wrong 
what ???? no Nadal at whimby???? I kinda like him now!! just won't be the same 
what @lolanalysa said. 
what @SarahElnagy said...  
What 2 do??? really dont want to have an maths exam tommorw 
What a  joy , i get to start working today!!!! wooohooo 
What a 1st round upset! Tony Schu done 
what a awesome weekend just a pitty we lost another friend... May you RIP my friend you will be missed 
What a awful week, bad weather, bad-tempered boss and no idea for my birthday 
What a bad ass weekend it was....Now back to work 
What a bad day 
What a bad day it has been so far, hope things look up. 
What a bad night of raiding  No hard modes and wiping on bosses that we normally one shot. Talk about fail /cry
what a bad score 
What a beaultiful Sunday. =]  To bad i don't have batteries for my camera. 
what a beautiful day and I'm stuck indoors revising  BOOO
What a beautiful day in San Diego. Too bad I can't really enjoy it while working 
what a beautiful day to be stuck inside 
what a beautiful day today....wish I wasn't so harshly affected by all this pollen  
What a beautiful day!  Too bad I have to spend all day cleaning my house 
What a beautiful day! Going to edit Lisa Maxwell interview from her last day at The Bill now. Shame I can't see my laptop screen outside 
What a beautiful day! Such a shame we have to leave Cornwall 
what a beautiful day!!  weather man said today will be june weather, sat and sun will be march weather.  
What a beautiful day. Going to see my friend that is moving back to Atlanta 
what a beautiful life you have @aulianaindira 
What a beautiful morning. Just right to attend the anniversary of my grandaunty's death 
What a beautiful should be outside not cramped inside at work 
What a beautiful sunday morning,bt im just sad 
What a beautiful sunny and warm day already in Aberdeen. I just love summers like this. It won't last though!! 
What a beautiful weekend! Remembering Charlie this week  2 years w/o him...unbelievable.
what a big ball of gay gay gay gay gay 
what a big fat letdown 
what a boring day   everyones busy when im not
what a boring day  i have to wait till 5 FML
what a boring day  is anyone there to chat with'?
what a boring day . 
What a boring day. 
What a boring day... I have nothing to do, Mom is sick and I don't have money to see my friends...  Give me some suggestions!!
what a boring rainy Sunday 
What a boring Saturday it is. It's gloomy outside, no new movies worth checking out and there isn't shit to do 
What a boring Saturday night I have in store. 
what a boring shitty bank holiday today has b een 
What a boring sunday evening! 
What a bright and beautiful day, what's that? Oh, it's the sound of study calling me back in 
what a bummer that tomorrow is friday again!  
What a bummer, CLLocation in iPhone OS 3.0 made the course value invalid for non-3G S phones   Gotta rework my app to remove that now 
What a burden. Abit of a fail lunch with Dan 
What a bust  why am I such a blagh T_T fmlfmlfml
What a busy and stressfull day at work!!! I'm so glad its over!!! Now I can go home and relax.. Aww! I miss @MarcoRodrigo 
what a catch donnie live is on mtvU! my fav songgggg. gabe sang his bit sounded like a creepy person though. didnt have the other bits 
What a complete waste of a beautiful day 
What a crackin day! I feel like I'm on holiday. So much housework to do though. Wish my baby was with me today..I miss him!   x
What a crap day today was  . . .
What a crap footballing weekend I had, Arsenal lost 2-1 in the FA cup, My team lost 3-1 sunday in a semi final too 
What a crap morning, Not only did i get soaked on the M6 but i got stuck in the nightmare that was M6 J14 this morning 
what a crap rainy day  and also annoying when people don't effing text back, effers
what a crap! episode 6 missing 
What a crappy day  but Voodoo later with AML and Bronnis..yes I am sad but I am also bored :L
What a crappy day at work.  I wanna go home and watch the microsoft press conference   I should go to the gym too
what a crappy day for a bonfire. 
What a crappy day.  Time to relax!  Sim 3 sounds fun 
What a crappy day... rainy all day and I took the day off hoping to go to the seaside... 
what a crappy day...rain, too much homework, and constantly being let down by people 
What a crappy lookin day..totally depresses the shit outta me!  I need yogurtland lol
What a crazy day..... too busy 
what a crazy friday, what a start for the weekend 
What a crazy storm we had last night. I'm no just talking about the weather. My PMS was HORRIBLE. Someday I'll do something unforgivable. 
what a crazy weekend for Toronto! wish i could partake 
What a crazy/busy day! And it's not over yet AT.ALL. I'm not even going to have time to make dinner. This blows. 
What a day *faints*  - clearly 2hours sleep is not enough to recharge  - it's the need for more knowledge, yup i'm blaming that... :p
What a day for golf. Why oh why do I have to revise today? 
What a day! Recording from 10 till 5 and some design this evening! Back to the studio at 9 tomoro!! I need a lie in 
What a day! Saw that the Mets got spanked by the Nats, which doesn't surprise me at all. Don't wanna go back to Rochester tomorrow... 
what a day! why did I get so drunk?  I've missed some of it! 
What a day. Glad it passed, the great parts were great and the terrible terrible. Driving in a parade tomorrow. Not looking forward to it 
what a day...can't sleep last night because of my stupid foot 
What a day...got some sad news  hopefully work will keep me distracted!! Tootie Fruity booty shorts tmrw!! Yaaaayyy...night night
what a day..Twitts i miss you guys..im going through some things but guess what? CHANGE IS GOOD! officially moving to ATL next week   
What a day..went out last night (something I don't usually do on Sun) slept on a new matress for the first time and I didn't sleep well 
What a difference a week makes. Last Monday best round of golf ever, yesterday back to normal 
what a dope weekend, but fuck time to get down to business and start doing work 
What a drab and dreary day! 
What a draggggggggggg court was today 
What a dreary day 
what a dreary evening for Toast of the Town  we usually have such beautiful weather
What a dreary, rainy, crappy day. 
What a fantastic day! Shame I have to be in work - couldn't think of a good excuse to head for the beach instead of the office 
what a fantastic week end -- did some plumbing -- didn't work, fitted a touch panel --- broke it 
What a finish,last 20 mins were super! Lions were so close! 
What a frankin great morning NEW MOON TRAILER WAS AMARZING *hyperventilate* *hyperventilate* long drive home now 
what a fuck is wrong with you fucking asshole  ...?
what a fucked day. it has not stopped raining and i'm pretty much fed up with my pants being wet  i work til 6pm in half-wet pants.
what a fucked up night THANKS DESI 
What a fuckin day.. First day off summer school tomorrow and I have to go to the doctors.. Damn it 
What a fucking fuck...very fucking day... 
What a fucking prick!!!! He had no idea that was comeing to him.....and now my knuckles hurt! 
What a fun drive to tpy and Ikea @ Tamp! Hehehe gotten lost at Tamp! Watching AI marathon &amp; Liverpool's match now. Danny ma love.. 
what a gloomy and boring day  i've run out of fun things to do!
what a gloomy day, in this god forsaken north eastern England village 
What a gloomy day....wish I could go back in time and restart my break. Was to short 
What a gloomy start to the week - rain today, rain tomorrow, rain Wednesday. Mr. Sunshine won't come back til Thursday 
What a glorious day it's been, and i've been stuck in a hot kitchen all day. Grrrr. Back in at 430am tomorrow too 
What a glorious day pity most of it was spent in my office 
what a glorious day! except i have 2 work in 4 hours. 
What a good feeling. Just got out a long hot shower. House is clean, laundry &amp; dishes done.  To bad I have to go to work at 1 
What a good movie, but it always makes me feel lonely at the end 
what a good nap! ear is bothering me a bit though. 
What a good way to start off velociraptor awareness day. A velociraptor in every dream I had.  Guys, they can slash tires now. 
What a gorgeous day &amp; I get 2 spend it inside icing my foot. 
What a gorgeous day! I wish i was at the beach, but alas i am stuck here at tfm 
What a gorgeous day! Too bad I had to stay inside all day  tomorrow as well!!
what a gr8 nite we had last nite  all my aunts and family our NUTS  sun back out the day wooooo i want 2 go 2 tk1 but no1 will go 
what a great birthday  major hangover   2 weeks and 6 days till T!!!!! buzzzzzzzin!
What a great connection I have. I couldn't check my Gmail 
What a great day today! Kinda sad I have to go back to work on Monday  No more vacation until July.
What a great day! But ill winds coming tomorrow  http://yfrog.com/28lj6j
What a great day... should not be in the office right now 
what a great day...i dont want it to end 
What a great day..slept in..hung out downtown..went to mortons for dinner. Too bad it's coming to an end..back to work tomorrow 
What a great mother's day       I went2aBBQ that i ended up preparin&amp;cookin.wth...
what a great start to my vacation, i broke my laptop 
what a great Sunday morning -  sunshine, blue sky and 8ï¿½C - a perfect day for working at the PC 
What a heartbreak! I don't know if he can fend for himself, we still feed him baby formula. And what if it rains? Hope he comes back soon 
what a heartwrencher... no one showed up at lunch to close out Galatians today.   Lord, bless them anyway! #fb
what a hell .. ? i'm gonna get madden  mcfly mcfly mcfly .. they're my life now, they're at MY country now, and i cannot see them.
What a hiddeous day for golf. And there was me thinking I could shoot a course record today  #badweathersucks
What a horrible horrible night. After a three hour drive from Fresno it's now time for bed. What a mess... 
what a horrible looking day 
what a horrible, sad day 
What a kick ass show. No doubt was amazing, the bassist is so hot i wanted to take him home. Loved seeing my girls. I'll miss you meaghan 
What a lame ass day &amp; night 
what a lazy sunday! back to work tomorrow 
what a let down 
What a life I lead...lyin in bed playin pocket god lol,work at 5am 
What a life.............. Shit sucks. 
What a long day 
What a long day ahead! 
What a long day. I can't find my aloe vera 
What a long Monday! 
what a lonnnng week and it's only wednesday   ....apps tonight @ crabbies with the girls
what a lovely day  http://twitpic.com/6bxg3  shame i am  inside 
what a lovely day at rose street market and what a lovely steak at the napier after. I doubt hawthorn market will be as fun. 
what a lovely day! even though im very bored!! work tonight first day back since iv been poorly... 
What a lovely day!! Shame I'm stuck inside working  on the up side, Sam's back today 
What a lovely day!!! But sadly i'm in a room with no windows, studyin!! 
what a lovely day.  too bad i've done nothing for my MATHS GCSE tomorrow. 
What a lovely morning clear blue skies and sunshine!  Doesn't get much better. Shame I am inside at work all day  Done by 4pm though yay!
What a lovely morning, feels like I'm on holiday. Except I'm walking to uni 
what a lovely summery morning! Shame I have to be in work!!!! 
What a mess  ... not happy!
What a mess... are trying to change network cables for 4 computers and ip-phones.... need to make order under the desk 
what a mess... pfffiiiuuuhh  must expand the market to viet or cambo
What a miserable day 
What a miserable morning to feel miserable 
What a Monday it was.I took 2 steps forward until someone pushed me 3 steps back  Tomorrow has to be a better day, RIGHT??????
what a morning!! had to take scenic route for oaps just to get to work, and almost lost my shoe in the process 
What a nasty rainy day out today 
What a NBA playoff season!  I almost shed a tear when Ernie, Charles, and Kenny said goodbye last night.  40 games in 40 nights is over 
what a nice afternoon. such a same i am working 
What a nice day compared to yesterday - Still have to go to work 
What a nice day out! And while my whole family is having a big BBQ at home, I'm stuck at work 
what a nice sunny day..it looks great from inside! Running a fever.. Have to take disgusting medicine and migrain so i can barely stand! 
What a night!!! 
what a night... i miss the beach 
What a not what I expected weekend 
What a piece of work is man. Enjoying Pride but I'm saddened by the news from Iran. 
What a pissy rainy day here in shitty ol Dublin. I'm bloody freezin. 
What a pitty, DSL down 'till the 'morrow.  Won't be able to do any remote work from home tonight.  not.  #aigonline
What a pitty.... I have hoped that the FDP would get more votes 
what a quiet day. no one talking... feelin kinda blue. 
What a rad lunch, fajitas were awesome, the trip to see the eye doc though, well, no good news 
what a rainy sunday  the perfect day to joining the european election today. after that staying at home and watch some live-dvd's
What a random/weird/sad day!!... what the hell is happening between  those guys? That isn't a true friendship.   
what a raniy day it is 
What a rough week and it's only Tuesday.... 
What a sad dodger game 2nite. 
What a sad keynote  back @ hotel w/mary then out w/mah new friends!!
what a sad sad situation 
What a shit fuck day. I'm ready to punch a wall. This sucks ass. 
What a shit!! they are broadcasting Formula 1 instead of French Open men's final!!! I'm so angry!!!!!!!!  How can I watch it?((
what a shitty day! why is this always happening to me?? 
What a shitty night! Matt has pissed me off again and hurt my feelings on purpose  Im tired of having a heart. I wanna remove it
what a shitty night, not too happy 
What a short 3-day weekend! Also, only managed to get row R (!!!!)     for Tori. SCREW YOU MONTREAL, you're too fast.
What a slow night at work! Feeling down due to lack of moola tonight 
What a song right? dirtttyyy. WELL! Mom's off too work. home alone for me 
what a strangely angry dream! it made me so furious it actually woke me up! 
what a stressful night  finally headin to bed... big math test tomorrow
What a terrible way to lose...2 out, 2 on, down by 2, bm of 9th and Grandy hits foul ball that is caught for third out 
what a thunderstorm! Hope mom's peacock eggs survive. 
What a tiring daaay 
what a total bummer, i lost followers 
What a traffic!  
What a tragedy with Air France Flight 447... Hope all the families and friends find a way thru this... 
What a very long night...my head hurts.  
What a view  http://yfrog.com/aq8n6j
What a waste of a day 
What a waste of a day. 
What a waste of a night at work. 
what a wasted saturday, had a migrane that made me sick alll day!!!finally going away now. 
What A Way to End A Season!: Note: Sarcasm      ... http://tinyurl.com/lcmh84
What a way to enjoy the weekend. Flu the entire weekend 
What a way to spend Father's day... Travel w/o family. 
What a way to start my day by falling on the freaking W train this morning.... well now I can say that I did a split in my life time.  
What a weak ending. But hurrah for more hominids.  No confirmation of Se4...just a blurb for Buy Our DVD set   #Primeval #abbyspants
What a weather for midsummer 12 degrees and almost rain. Well everything is thAt it should be then 
What a weekend! Rockness was well worth it! Now at work with only 2 hours sleep 
What a weekend! Working today, even thought it's a holiday. 
what a weekend!! that party was... ok i guess.. not amazing though... too much drunk teens!! such a shame!! 
What a weekend. Holy moly!! Now back to work - boo for that 
What a weird weather!  June has been historically the most beautiful month of the year here...  
What a wonderful day to work! BLAH!! 
What a wonderful Eurovision weekend! 5th - amazing! And prob the best contest in a long time. Ah well, all over for another year 
what a wonderful sunny morning! no appetite for breakdast 
What a yucky day  needs to snuggle again...but ur nowhere near  &lt;3
What about me 
WHAT ABOUT ME? i'm real   (I LOVE TILA TEQUILA @OfficialTila live &gt; http://ustre.am/3v2f)
What about me? Lol  @CullenHouse : Dedicating my 700th tweet to @valwears @LindsayCulle
What about me? Your gonna have a no muffin saturday 
WHAT ABOUT ME?!!! i still don't know when our classes would be moved..i don't even know if it will be moved...  arghh!!
What al loooong day... IÂ´m so tired and there are sooo many things to do 
What am going to do tonight? Times like this i start to really miss my boyfriend  I miss and love you very much.
What am i Doin? Ur Askin me? How do i feel What am i DOING. OK Il tell u what im doing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im Cursing! Im out of letters 
What am I doing to myself I really don't know anymore I really do like him but he is acting like this what should I do leave him alone 
what am i doing wrong here? i really think we are at the expiry date. the realisation is so surreal 
What am i doing you ask, twitter? well.. im missing my bud  wish she would come online  *sniffles*
What am I doing? (last tweet = 2 months ago) ... not tweeting. 
what am i doing? hmmm trying to get Twitter to play ball, so far it hates me.........the feeling mutual 
what am I doing? Weeeeellll I'm here at work....bored....wishing I was I on tour already! 
What am i doing?? Me?? I'M FUCKING DYING FROM SUNBURN THATS WHAT I'M DOING! Just had a shower 
what am i doing?? thinking im heaps smart at spanish but i am NOT! no soy inteligente 
What am I doing??? Not sleeping! That's what! 
what am I going to do when twitter is down! 
what am I going to do without my @brandinmusic?!  SKYPE! haha
what am i gonna do to celebrate his birthday?? 
what am I gonna do today I have a bit of a headache 
What am I gonna do today? Gotta do the production log and critical analysis  - wow this is gonna be fun 
what am i gonna do tonight? hockeys over, texas rangers have an offday, no shows are on, and noone to hangout with. boring 
what am i gonna do when my iphone is full! 
what am i gonna do with all the baking stuff bought????!!!!! i have no time to bake now!!! 
What am I gonna do without my Gabriel the next couple days!?!? He's gonna be in mexico so doubt he gets any reception.  sad times
What am i gonna do without you?!! 
What am I not doing? I'm going to sleep, I don't want to have another terrible dream like I did last night. 
what am i to you, what are you to me? 
What amI gonna cuddle now  youowe me a pet AND something to cuddle at night 
What ami supposed to say when i'm all choked up and you're okay? I'm trying to make sense of what little remains. 
what an absolute fu*cker of a day..already! 
What an awful day 
What an awful dream 
What an awful night....didn't sleep a wink, can't sleep right now, soooo sick!! This sucks. It's supposed to be a good day!! 
what an awsome night!..lil short tho 
What an i going to do for a whole hour when Twitter goes down. 
what an interesting morning..i would kill to be on holiday right now 
what an unproductive night  http://plurk.com/p/xo8u0
what are my plans today.  well work till 3pm.  wish i got off early so i could go golfing with vic. 
What are people in Iran saying about this? I have a strong feeling &quot;Change&quot; is coming...the hard way     #IranElection
What are they doing to my Formula 1 
What are we going to do without football for nearly 3 months. Think I'll send the Hi Def set back! And Inverness out of the premiership 
What are you doing? fui devolver a fantasia 
What are you doing? NÃ£o sei. 
What are you doing? Thinking about Coffee, lots of it and wishing to be in Cali 
what are you doing?? puuues ioo aburrirmeee  quiiiiero juergaa
What are you guys doing? Kinda bored here 
what are you guys wearing tomorrow 
what are you supposed to do when the guy you've like for 4 years is partying with you but now he has a girlfriend?  lol
What are you supposed to say whilst talking to your biological father for the first time over Facebook IM? 
What can I do besides study! XBl is down 
what can i do on a rainy day?! 
what can i get him ? 
What can I give my dad for tomorrow?!?! I'm ready with my letter but no gift  suggest!
What can I say? @ohmygarters fancies me so badly.  I feel soooo bad  So I'm uploading.  Sozza.  If you could... http://tinyurl.com/ltcwbt
what channel is the jonas brothers going to be on tonight anyone have any idea cause I kind of forgot it sucks 
What channel is Titanic on? I'm on the East coast and can't find it. 
What could someone do for mother's day since they no longer having a mom that is living? Anyone ever though of us before? Sad day for me 
What da hell happened to the +25C they promised us? It's cloudy and cold out there. So much for a hot long weekend 
what day did Stephen Mulhurn take the piss out of Ant and dec i missed it 
What did I do  http://tinyurl.com/nj3fez
What did I do for such a long time? I could finish that work a month ago... but doing it right now. Must finish till tomorrow... 
What did I do wrong? I didn't win the $20m.  Guess winning the lottery's a bad backup plan.
what did i ever do to him? 
what did i ever do to you, jarvis pizza? HUH! ow   -9.15.08 &lt;3
What did Kermit the frog say when Jim Henson died? Nothing... 
what did mj's tweet say?? anybody?? please? it didnt come to my phone 
What did you all think about my new video? .............. That's what I thought 
what do i do when the girl i like,likes alcohol and drugs way better than me??? 
what do i want for dinner...and I hate making my summer budget 
What do they say about the best laid plans??  They're now driving to Tampa to catch a flight (hopefully).  24hrs and only 100mi from home 
What do u do when some1 hurts u sooo bad that u don't want 2 live ure heart says stay ure mind says go and ure body is stuck   dk wt2d
what do u do when u find out that the person u supported and stood behind since day 1 tells u that in the past they tried to blow u off. 
What do u see in her that i dont have  @Shadez
What do you do if your mentor and inspiration let's you down? 
What do you do when someone you love disappoints you? My brother is throwing away an opportunity I KNOW he'll regret. 
What do you do when Windows 7 fails to boot? Try to repair it with the DVD of course. When that doesn't work? No idea yet. 
What do you do when you see an injured squirrel in the road? I wanted to help it but had no idea how. 
what do you do when your ex almost committed suicide the night you broke up with him? 
what do you do when your heart is fallen apart? i really needed you 
What do you get if you cross a stressed dog, a poorly pup and a balding cat? Three vet bills in ten days 
What do you know, i have service. Haha! Camping is so much fun! I just wish we had more food  of course.
What do you mean you &quot;wouldn't see me as a yoga person&quot; Callum ?!?! What's that supposed to mean ! 
what do you say to someone when they lose someone they love?? I'm sorry buddy for your lost... 
What do you think about these 'sponsored tweets.' I'm not likin' it.  
WHAT DOES A PANIC ATTACK FEEL LIKE?IM SOO SCARED 
What does 'congruent' mean in terms of maths? I'm at a blank 
what does ESP mean   im a slow hoe i think i 4got lolz
what does it mean by ---&gt;#   before a word?  does that --&gt;# do anything? some1 tell me pls  lol
what does it mean when u start going blotchy... white patches over the burntness... 
what does LR @genghisgrill not do at 330pm? They do NOT bust tables, get trash off booths, get trash off floor, clean food prep area. 
What else will go wrong? Had to walk down 16 floors due to stupid firedrill before visiting the doctors' 
What entitles pills to be so damn disgusting?! I threw it up  wish soap wasnt bad to drink, Id wash pill down with soap.
What every day saying annoys you the most? We're getting fed up with people telling us to 'Rock On' sounds like Cannon &amp; Ball 
What film are we talking about? I forgot.  @ggw_bach
What flavor is this? My taste buds won't register 
What happen to wasting your time with me?  LOL But, 
WHAT HAPPEN TODAY??? looks like a bad day shining 
What happen with me? 
what happen with my Y!M, I can't connect tonight 
What happend to all the Starbucks  I can't believe I have to travel over the bridge just to get my fix... It's such a crim!
what happend to me 
What happend to the sun 
what happend?  i'm confuse.
what happend?? 
What happened ? 
What happened 2 the nice warm weather? Its FOGGY and cold  ict exam 2mo and im still ill. How gay 
What happened 2 the Sun 
what happened catie?  I'm going to play badmitton with my daddy L8er. Have a good father's day everyone!
What happened day?  We were doing so well.  
what happened in big brother tonight i missed it? 
What happened to all the nice clothes ! Mannn , Theres nothing to shop for anymore. This is so depressing  , must find something by sat !
what happened to all those good shows. Women's Murder club, october road, pushing Daisies  at least we still have GREYS ANATOMY!
What happened to doing it for the fans? and not wanting to end it?  Man I miss dream street sooo much!!
What happened to dunkaroos? 
what happened to gitready.com?! 
what happened to gossip girl last night?? i was soo guted when it wasnt on! 
What happened to home ice advantage Canucks? I'm thinking Chicago is probably going to take the series 
What happened to James Blunt?! 
what happened to my @twitterfox? why is it twice as big? i liked it small 
What happened to my background? I tried reinstalling it, but it's still black. Told to just wait and it should show back up within 24 hrs 
What happened to OS 3.0?  It is really not going to come out until tomorrow? WTF 
what happened to robert pattinsons twitter 
What happened to summer? 
what happened to the guy wearing the lebron jersey?  http://www.flickr.com/photos/someonewalksinla/3628053194/
What happened to the keyboard shortcut for OK in tortoisesvn? Used to be alt-O worked, but that seems to be gone 
What happened to the New Kid fan who passed away? 
what happened to the nice weather yesterday x I woke up this morning to find it all dull and wet 
What happened to the sun, it's all a little cloudy now. 
what happened to the sun? 
What happened to the sun? We were going strong for awhile! 
what happened to the sun?this morning it was all shiny and warm and nice, now???grey,cold,windy 
What happened to the the Netflix insta-watch top 50? Now I don't know what to watch.  
What happened to the warm?  I will commence pouting until it returns READYSETGO 
what happened to the well moods? 
what happened to those happy little neon nu-rave kids? their reign of terror was bout as long as that of the hyper-color t-shirt. pity 
What happened to those people in those pictures...got carried away when I should be sleeping. So no yoga for me @StephDAmato, sorry 
what happened to twizzlers twerps??  I can't find them anywhere
What happened to VPN? 
what happened to where we argued who signs off first? where you were my gay bf? i fucking miss you.. i miss you so much vincent romo  &lt;|3
what happened with John&amp;Kate dude? 
What happened? 
What happened? Massive cloud blotted out the sun  beginning of the end for our summer? Http://www.the-port.co.uk
What happened? Missed flight, almost. The pups know I'm leaving and won't have it 
What happened? oh-no.....  @LizzysBits: We had the WORSE experience. Now we're all hungry. 
What Happened? RIP #ohnotheydidnt 
What happened?!?!?!?!?! It was so nice out...and now it's raining 
what happened?? 
what happenfd to the whales in south africa? thigs like that realy makes me scared 
What happens to the meeblings that don't find their way out? 
-what happens when you purchase a cheap ring as your temporary while yours is getting fixed? It turns into cra, thats what! 
What has happened to Sterling? 
What have i actually done? 
what have I done    
what have they done to my @heidimontag  lol http://bit.ly/Wv9G1
What have you done Leighton Meester!! Shame  It's so true @trixtia .. check PerezHilton.
What horrible news about the missing Air France plane ... my thoughts are with family &amp; friends of passengers &amp; crew 
what horrible weather 
what hurts the most? i love you  &lt;'3
what i always do........watching some tv and playen online!!!!!!!!!watchen the series finale of prison brreak!!!!  i really hate its over!
what i am to you, i want to be more....tired of playing around 
What i did was wrong now i regret it. Tell me how to erase yester. 
what I don't have are sweet lena kisses. 
What i hate: when random strangers come up 2 u and just start saying all these insults! or just come up 2 u and kick u 
What I learned at work today: Medicare sucks. Our healthcare system is a mess 
What I should do to day.... maybe some hiking with dogs. Well far as I know I should study really hard 
What I thought was allergies seems to be turning into a nasty cold...loading up on the Zicam  
What I thought was garden-variety headache...I think migraine is rearing ugly head...better tend to it before it gets any worse. 
what i wanted to say was that i have to WALK to town in this heat instead of sittin in the garden with a nice and cool drink 
What I was mad about was how at the idea of love he can just put me on the side, regardless of what we have even as friends 
What I would do for a regal and Stella!!! Not a good day or sign  xxx
What i would do to be able to eat right now 
What i would give just to get what I want. 
What i would give to hold my dog again. 
What I would have done with legless stillborn spaniels, no idea. BUT I WAS SAD, so now, 20yrs later, strawberries = dead puppies. 
What I wouldn't give to be under a warm blanket right now! It's almost June and still not warm in NYC.   i miss you MIA.
what I'd give to be at that concert tonight  worst day ever? i think so.
what if i could turn back time tonight, and you could say its gonna be alright. now these days are gone, i'll never forget it. 
What if I have to work the afternoon/night shift? Ugh, I don't want to. I want to be on the beach &amp; catch local bands! Wai?! 
what if i was born pretty, would people like me even more? would YOU like me? 
What if we: What? Don't start leaving!  How am I supposed to get up to 1000 if people keep leaving... http://tinyurl.com/m7xbzz
What if, what if.. I have to wear a cast all summer..  That's not very sexy..
What I'm bumpin' right now. http://bit.ly/Ovgvh  R.I.P. Big Pun. Def missed. 
What I'm gonna do  life is not good:'( no more Exit in this hallway I'm stuck in my world...
What I'm watching in the local news made me realize that the world gets miserable everyday... 
What in the world are you supposed to do with a swollen finger? I can't write like this... 
What in the world did I do? The font is so big suddenly.. 
What is a 5 year old to do with fifty six quid 
What is a realistic limit on the size of an #xmpp roster? I know it's likely to be server specific 
what is everyone doing ... bored 
What is everyone doing? Someone come play on omgpop.com with me 
What is goin on wit the magic! They aint playin enough &quot;D&quot;. They just sittin loose! No wonder da couch is pissed. C'mon guys! 
what is going on  my insides feel twisted and contorted. Dont let me fall asleep feeling this way.
what is going on peoples...IT IS cloudy and stormy looking and i have nothing to do right now...except dishes and they suck 
What is going on with Yahoo Mail? it's not working properly and looks v strange!! Oh on a dif matter, Margaret has quit the Apprentice!! 
What is it about Sunday night, last time last week I had bad guts, this week I feel queasy! Must be the onset of work! 
What is it with all my folowers leaving me???? I hav lost 5 jst in the last 2 days 
What is it with all these people being in paris. 
What is it with my Utilities and the weekend?? Last week the Cable, this week the Power! 
what is it with photobucket they temporarily disabled my pix  well my myspace looks great now ((damn!!!
what is lindsay lohan's twitter name? I cant find her! 
what is that the sun? uh wait  . . . no 
what is the best medicine for dry cough? 
What is the deal with people playing music off their phone when its all static-key? Theres a new thing called 'EAR PHONES'!!! 
What is the next book? I am having a hard time with Confessions now  hope it's a lighter read!
What is the paradise? A world without pain 
what is the true meaning of love? 
what is this &quot;5h ago&quot; on the time of last tweet (seesmic desktop). god these people hav used latin and greek! 
What is this fuckery, ESPM? Que demora pra sairem as notas. 
What is this incessantly bright skin-burning shtuff? Ah right, must be exam time 
what is this shit? 
what is this twitter... i see it on tv all the time, and set up an account along time ago... but nothing ever happens 
what is this, monsoon-season in brooklyn?  would someone PLEASE make it stop?!  
What is this? Am I as stupid as I think I am? Someone scratched my door at Blockbuster.  4 minutes ago from web
What is twittervampire.com for? I opened that site and had no idea how to use that  but i know craig ETF is using that thing
what is up with my cat lately and biting me?? Really worried about him b/c I haven't been home much lately. 
what is up with the weather!! hot cold cold hot. cold in JUNE?  signs of global warming...
what is up with these viva viagra commercials? I was so not expecting that old couple to waltz into the bedroom. kind of creepy/gross 
What is up with twitter? I'm not getting my tweets 
What is w/ the radio stations here? I don't dig them.. I miss Ryan Seacrest in the morning. You miss the little things when they're gone 
What is with everyone on my twitter home page buying a new Mac today? I have to wait till Dec at least till i can justify doing the same. 
What is with these pop ups, with voices and you can't find it? Weird 
what is worth whatchin on thew telly the nite nothin         well then i think i mite just have to watch friends lol lol :L :L !
what is wrong with meeee?  
what is wrong with tweeterwall?? it's not counting my vote for @DavidArchie  
What is wrong with Twitter today?????  I can't block the stupid ppl following me  
What it this yet stuff falling from the sky that we haven't seen in so long. . . Could it be rain by any chance. 
What it's like to be me ~ By Joseph Farah  http://bit.ly/17AMBK @JosephFarah And no, I didn't submit to digg, acct was deactivated.... 
What kind of fathers day doesnt start with the baby pouncing on me? 
What kind on loser rips off a false nail playing basketball? Oh right! Me. 
What makes Iago evil? some people ask. I never ask.   
What makes me sad watching is that the lead Liam Neeson, his wife Natasha Richardson died like a month or so ago...Crazy  my condolences
What Mcfly song are you? - That Girl http://lolquiz.com/quiz/result?id=OE7ER5 I wanted Transylvania. Should have clicked Doug in a dress 
what means 19 o'clock Dutch time.. (cry) #apple die! (I can't believe I said that, but they act like Microsoft now...  )
What movie? I'm jealous! 
What must I do to make sure you follow me? 
what on earth am i going to tweet about now that #bgt is over? 
What on earth is wrong with the connection?  I just realized today isn't my day at all. :'(
What operations could possibly take this freakin' long at the post office? This line is not moving. 
What part of &quot;(please tick one)&quot; did you not understand? &lt;evaluator fatigue&gt; FAIL  
what pass?? there are lots of twits but we don't arrive to Trending topics!?..  #BSB
What pisses me off-- freeloaders........they bring a 12pack and take 6 home BUT they drank 12+ an some shots............ 
what really sucks about new moon is the fact the trailer came out and now we have to wait till november  it's so far away
What really sucks: taking a vitamin without food ahhh 
What school should I pick? Oh I don't want to leave soon 
what shall i do today?? its soooo sunny and everyone has examsss! 
What she means is that she tired of me. 
what should I do? 
what should we do when we miss someone we shouldn't,,,  
what should Wolfram return when i type in SAP + Microsoft, definitely something more than Share comparison 
What smells so bad? Oh yeah, that would be me and my two days of showerlessness.  Time to fix that.
What smells worse than puppy poo?? Puppy vomit... 
what smile should i b :-0   :-&lt; :-&gt; ;-( ;-) !-)
what song? nothing much, tidying up my bedroom 
What started off as a good day, is ending bad! Aah! Where's my iPod cable? 
What sucks about end of term is the homework remaining is the homework I've put off cuz I don't like it or want to do it. 
What sucks is I'm in my swimsuit, romper over it, and sunscreen all over my face and body. 
what taylor didnt win  what what
what the crap! I'm done w/ firefox. screen freezing - then crashing evry 10min. lame 
what the Efff  - maxCom is having Hiccups    It does that every Sunday .. don't they know all 7 days are working days for me .. 
what the f, f-ing myspace. another computer virus at work 
what the freak is the score? 
What the freak yo!!! I dont fuck wit thunder n lightin like this...Im kinda scared 
What the Fuck @ a 49 buck paycheck. 
what the fuck causes a fiscal surplus to become a fiscal defecit??? ERGH I JUST DONT CARE  x x x
What the fuck happened tonight? Going to bed feeling very depressing. 
what the fuck happened? / my hea's hurting... and my back... 
What the fuck is all this Can I have my face and Thanks for letting me borrow your face mean? I'm confused and the brains getting dizzy 
What the fuck is taking so long for a 9530 .15x leak?! 9500 got there's close to a week ago 
What the fuck is up wit this myspace playlist stuff! I hate it a lot  myspace is boring anywayz
what the fuck should i do today  how gay!! my life is hard. I guess i'll just spend more money today. -__-.
WHAT THE FUCK YOUKU  I WANT TO WATCH SKINS.
What the fuck!  fucking insomnia. I haven't gotten a good night's sleep in DAYS.
what the fuck! i think my twitter have been hacked! 
WHAT THE FUCK!!! 3 YEARS IN PRISON!!! FUCK YOU!!! SO BUMMED 
what the fuck!!!! someone called me and dropped the  call. and then texted me: YOU'RE GAY!! woah! my voice sucks super na ba? 
WHAT THE FUCK. Stephen just get off the fucking plane. Don't do this to us  OHMYGOD!
WHAT THE FUCK. Why did I watch videos with my brother. All he does is look up Blowjob all day. Pervert 
what the heck am I doing up so early?  
What the heck I wanna put a pic of me on here 
What the heck iPhone 2.0?!?! Why won't you load the pictures/attachments in my (apple) emails? I'm getting blue question marks now 
What the heck is going on with nkotb.com or is it just my computer?  It says the link appears broken 
What the heck no calls from him allllllllll day long. 
what the heck! paranormal state isn't on again tonight! this upsets me, haha 
what the heck....I smell like camp fire and I dont want to get up early 
What the heck? Sarikka had to delete her Twitter too? That sucks 
what the heck??!? the sun decides to come out after my chicken had to be cooked inside 
What the heck??? Its raining 
What the hell happen to My firefox...after few minute it freeze. turn into Dark... 
What the hell happened to the sun. Come back 
What the hell is going on I feel SUPER weak!!!! I think I need to check my blood sugar  I hate having to stick myself!!!
What the hell is going on with Zhenya? / The other one is just a little child 
What the hell is happening to him ? I don't think I can do this anymore 
What the hell is up with pittsburg tonight... DAMNIT!! This sucks... They are just not together tonight! Brutal! 
What the hell is wrong with me? Everyone has a boyfriend/girlfriend except me. i want a boyfriend so bad  i want some one 
What the hell is wrong with my iPod/iTunes converter.....its not connecting  No music tonight
what the hell is wrong with my phone? it can't be charged 
What the hell! I have to cut my nails again? 
What the hell! There is paint all over my fucking white jacket! DAMN DAMN DAMN DAMN! Damn 
what the hell, the jonas brothers youtube account is suspended? that's so stupid now i can't watch joe's single ladies dance 
What the hell? The Burwood Highway Pedestrian Bridge was not put up like it was meant to 
what the hell?!?! why does it take them so long to publish results? everyone has got them already 
whaT thE heLL?? I cAn'T see mY piCtuRe! 
What the smell on this van? Smell like dirty clothes  Is it someone's socks *yack*
what the Track banquet is tomorrow . nobody told me 
What the truck followers keep leaving me 
What the... I swear it said June 1st For @JonasBrothers show to be released in the UK!!! Damn, Im bummed out now  it now says 5th June 
What they got suspended 
What time does the nail place close? Moms is &quot;too busy&quot; to talk. I'm almost ready to go, but I haven't gotten a definite yes 
What time is it? GAME TIME! (Hopkins translation -- I'm in the library studying for Dev. Biology 
What time will the Hatton Pacquiao match start? Time difference is blagging 
what to add to my ipod? im bored 
What to be at home today and not at work 
What to do for the dayy 
what to do now... 
What to do now? I'm so busy.. 
what to do today? quali in 1 hour but not much to reli do when the weather is so crappy 
what to do today?? i prob will ummm do nothing yay. oh i better not have any homework. 
What to do with myself?   My wife is out of town.  It's tough to find things to do when your best friend is gone 
what to do! i need to go out somewhere. too bad i can't see best today. 
What to do? *bored*  I feel like watching a movie or something...
What to doooooo for the next two hours? 
What to eat when you've got that 'day after drinking' feeling that won't shift and no bread   I just don't know..
What to look forward to this week?! Hopefully finishing the eng part of the flash site.... bbq on Sat... rainy week?! 
what to sing what to sing for psed4  
What type of man won't give hIs child his address to send a FATHER'S DAY card????? Sad 
What up twitter another lame week 
WHAT UP TWITTER WELL MY FONE DONT LET ME TWEET OFF IT NO MORE IDK WHY SO SRRY IF I TAKE LONG TO HIT YOUS BACK 
What up twitter.  I'm back in the mix without a free flight to NYC  OH WELL.
What up twitter? Ain't hollered at yall all day... Back to feeling sick 
what up world im just chillin, bout to go get this money!! But in this economy no money is easy money anymore 
What was I thinking this morning... laarzen, zwart wollen jurkje?! Warm dat ik het heb! 
what was stage 5 last year? i forget. i think it was a good one though 
what was that?...3 hours? Yep....  
What was the point in putting make-up on this morning?Heat is melting it off my face and frizzing my hair up.Ugh 
What were people in Yorkshire thinking BNP really 
What will I do? 
What will tonight's flat be like? I'm flat hunting, still. 
What would be an interesting story to cover. I'm blocked 
What would i do if i were in their shoes? 
what would it take ? _ paula deanda.    alriqht i needa man lMFAO. all theese damn love songs. 
what would you give a blind girl on her birthday?? we need ideas 
what wud u do if someone invites u 2 home (&amp; i go), and then repeatedly toots for another person in a race that u r nominated as well? 
what!  she a ho T_T
WHAT! i just lost 3 followers 
WHAT! Julian Smith didn't win!  ah well, Diversity where still good 
WHAT! no new jonas onn tonight....  
what!!! come on. I am so LOST now 
What!? I guess I can't play Mass Effect while Live is down 
What!? I lost 1 follower.  I need 6 more followers!!! Pretty please! 
WHAT!? LOST! How can you do that ending. That just isn't fair. 
What!?! 
What!?! Toll House cookie dough recalled!  We just ate cookies 2 nights ago.  I guess we would already be sick if we have ecoli poisoning 
What, oh, what has happened to TwitPic? Anyone else having trouble? 
What...? You mean European plugs don't fit in Chile? But they're practically the same! I only have half an hour of battery left now. 
What? AlwAyS weB c0nNeCtIoN tIme0ut? OhH n0o!  hehehe! GotChA!
What? But....but...the Nurburgring...  why is it so good? http://tinyurl.com/krcamp
What? Its a classic... 
What? No internet on my phone? Stupid rain storm...now I have to lean forward to my laptop... 
what? only 1 out of 5 on the pub quiz? Eek that's my worst ever. 
What? There's Ev with no Biz  100 Most Creative People http://www.fastcompany.com/100/mcp.html
What? They still require money to use golf courses?  Off to work I go...
What? TUESDAY??  
What? Why is it getting light? Im not  even in bed yet. No! 
WHAT?! ash-a-saur-us..now you have really done it!!! Then i'm going clubbing WITH OUT YOU!  how rude!
what?! i just missed home + away! nooooooooo 
WHAT?! Natasha Richardson died this past march?! gah... my mom just told me while we watched the Parent Trap... she was so gorgeous.  RIP
what?! no! where did the Eagles perform??  lucky.
What?! The red arrows were at Sliverstone?! NO! I love the red arrows 
What?! USA doesn't have may day bank holiday - I have to come into the office?  
WHAT?!?!?! MILEY CYRUS TOUR?!?!?! I hope i get good tickets!!!   (@mileycyrus when do they go on sale?!?)
What?...... the weekend is over all ready? Sadness 
What?? Joe tweeted? What is his id? I am on the road I cant check 
what????? aw gee!!!! 
what??????????????? how did that happen this sucks 
What`s got me insane? `Cause i can`t stand the rain. ~`Oh, It`s hitting the window pane. 
Whatcha! Watching FA Cup Final build up, then hubby wants to go out for drinks in the sun, so will have to tape BGT! 
Whatchin half baked. Bored. Not tired. Ehh  getting used to it. Whatever 
Whatching Edward Scissorhands I'm sure I'm going to cry at the end 
whatching thats so raven even though i have homework sigh 
What'd i do? What i did i honestly didn't know i was doing. 
Whatevahhh. Last pe with bec  gettin shit done.
Whatever 
whatever dude that was sketch as fuck... now I'm bored come pick me uppp 
Whatever happened to cars with personality and some nice colour? Everything now is all mute colours!   http://twitpic.com/806eu
whatever happened to Looney Tunes ? An why won't they bring them back 
Whatever happened to my fishy   wahh its nearly been a year since I last seen him.
Whatever happened to the old eminem ? 
Whatever happened to those chocolate cigarettes replete with rice paper, 'filter' and fag packet... I miss 'em. 
whatever I ate earlier is trying to escape my stummy 
Whatever I have to say never matters. 
whatever is cooking in our kitchen is making my allergies act up 
Whatever system update I ran recently deleted a really important KeyChain 
WHATEVER WORKS only at 48% on Rotten Tomatoes 
Whatever. Workweek's over. Time to go play with new phone. Sim card didn't transfer contacts list 
What're we doing?! 
What's a chick gotta do to get a friggin burrito in here 
whats a luvo to do, when her cameras dont work and her cords are no where to be seen 
what's crackin today tweet fam? it's too hot to talk I know that! someone save me from working!!!! 
whats everyone doing over the holidays?? when its not raining of course 
Whats everyone doing? So bored 
whats everyones views on OS 3? i wont have it for another hour judging by it 
What's for breakfast??? Hello protein shake....Can I have pancakes with that....   Wish I could!!! http://twitpic.com/5cz19
what's for dinner tonight people? I feel like steak again, but no time  today's last time in company of my Polish guys!
Whats going down in the real world?And my cough is back. 
whats going on tonight ppl... I want to do something 
What's going on with facebook..slooowwwwwwww... 
What's going on with Gmail!? I keep getting &quot;Oops... a server error occurred and your email was not sent. (#102)&quot; Can't Send. Can't Save. 
What's going on with my Ubertwitter 
whats going on, why is football on again?? 
What's going on? 
what's going on?  suddenly EVERYTHING synced to my AppleTV just disappeared?  it takes a LONG time to re-sync.....sorry kids, no movie 
whats good ya'll...pickin out the fit for my outting this evening..im kinda sleepy though 
what's happened to the sunshine 
whats happened to the weather, arghh englands so crap 
Whats happening on Big Bro tonight? I havnt seen any of it yet 
Whats happening to you! 
what's happening with twitter?! it is broken or something 'cuz i push follow to follow my new followers and nothing happens 
Whats is up with me! I am spilling everything 
What's prediction? Ohmygosh, tell me lah.                  -
what's so wrong. Even chocolate can not makes me feel better 
what's Tea  Gir,, that ass I told u I had line up  fell thru!  ugh 2 month no ass  @_Tye_
What's the best remedy to cure the pain during period? It's been 2 days but seems foreverrrr 
whats the best tweeting  FREE app for iphone? my qtweeter demo is over 
what's the big deal about twitter??.. it's kinda boring &amp; confusing.... 
What's the chances of it being sunny today? I miss beingvable to wear shorts! 
What's the Default Browser at Your Workplace? http://tinyurl.com/clj4da ... scary shit is IE6 has a 33% share 
What's the easiest way to transfer files from a desktop PC to a MacBook Pro? I need my iTunes library!!!!  
What's the hell? Trouble with Tweetdeck  
whats the most annoying state to drive through in my opinion? MISSOURI. .. my behind hurts. 
what's the point of having a cell if nobody txts or calls  me     might use it as a paperweight      
whats the point of having a pool and a convertible  if its never going to be sunny 
What's the point of having pace in football when as soon as you go past someone they push you into a fence? My arm hurts. 
What's the point of having your windows open on a sunny day if you have to put up with some git and his bloody lawnmower 
What's the point? I need to take my mind off of things that just bug me atm. Gary to the rescue? :L Phones are both off this evening 
What's the point? What do you pretend? ... It's to bad! You're telling me lies all the time 
what's the score now?  We had to leave...any worse than 5-1? 
What's the use of having a boyfriend when you never get to see him?? I miss you  &lt;3
what's the use of telling, your still going anyways..  ill wait till it fades away.. hopeful..
What's the verdict on Terminator Salvation? Might go see it on Wed, but might save my money if it's deemed crap--12A certificate 
What's the view out of your window right now?  Mine is my veggie garden.... hoping to work in it tonight - unless it storms   50% chance.
whats up @jessi_lopez ?? i miss our conversation 
what's up devil cramps. 
What's up mke what's goin on tonight? Wish I was at empire tonight 
What's up Twitters ? Next day in NBA playoffs and next surprises. Sixers won in Orlando  EASY win Hawks over Heat. Great defence by Hawks.
Whats up w/ all these spam thingys following me?  No bueno!
what's up w/ the weird Nazi stories todayhttp://tinyurl.com/kslkfz , http://tinyurl.com/m7n5an) wish I had blog on which to blog them 
What's up with all the @ replies from @donniewahlberg?  The days of obnoxiously tweeting him are ova!  sorry....back then - no replies 
What's up with all the people calling me ugly?? You don't even know me 
What's up with internet maynee!? 
What's up with the weather it's so sad! Did somebody visit the Hills Party? I bet it was glamourous and exclusive, why did I miss out 
Whats up with the world? why do ppl decide to shoot others?  watching the news is so depressing
Whats Up with Twitter and the random people following me !! I can't keep on Blocking 
What's up with Twitter today? Everywhere I click there seems to be some sort of error 
what's up. im bored doing nothing at home   talk too mee
what's up? I'm on my way to school 
What's with all the clouds today  http://twitpic.com/4jdkh
Whats with all the trolls cropping up these days? This species on kottu is overpopulating - needs family planning counselling 
whats with all these emo feelings on a saturday :S  :'(  -- should really stop thinking so much (at least for today)
What's with all these plane accidents. A pilot just died during flight. Now I'm really scared to get on a plane. 
What's with colour settings how come they don't give u a drop down anymore  twitter.com you need an update!
What's with my twitter? :O DARN! 
Whats with the firefox hate guys? 
What's with the follow button on Twitter? Trying 2follow-back all the great tweeps from #FollowFriday.Follow button just isn't listening 
whats with the lack of tweets form everyone 
what's with the new highqualityness of youtube? i dont give a crap about quality, it's making everything load slow 
Whats with the rain  where did the sun go  Hawl England give it back!!
Whats with the traffic!? 
What's with this whole not sleeping thing? Watching both Clueless and Jurassic Park 3 between commercials. 0 stress and still 0 sleep.. 
What's with this?!?! 4 am and I'm awake?  NOOOOO! it's Sunday, the sleep in day!! 
What's with vimeo... converting video has had 2 mins to go for the last 56 minutes!! 
whats worse is I have to wake up in a few hours just to call work to let them know im not feeling to good..either way can't/won't sleep 
What's worse than not being able to have a Big Mac? An empty Big Mac box 
What's wrong Arianna? 
What's wrong babe? Wtf 
whats wrong katie 
What's wrong today, it's been raining since 3pm and haven't stopped!? Plus,it's Friday night 
What's wrong with me? 
whats wrong with me? i feel so unenthused i don't even care about my new iphone that i get tomorrow. 
whats wrong with my flickr  http://www.flickr.com/photos/frenchtoastcake/ my quilt top photo only shows when you click on it! SAD STORY!!!
what's wrong with my modem??!! the connection is on and off.. 
What's wrong with that 
Whats wrong with Twitter Search? It cannot found any older tweets, results differ between API and web etc. Very strange and frustrating 
What's wrong with Twitter? Unable to search for friends.    Says &quot;something technically wrong.&quot;  2nd day in a row now.
whats wrong with you!? why i have only 45 followers!! come on! i dont have fans!? 
whats wrong with you, my sweet laptop!!!!!! 
What's wrong. 
What's wrong??? 
whatt 38.6 celcius degrees? hhh 
Whatta beautiful sunday morning. Too bad I don't have the energy to soak it up  http://myloc.me/4K67
whatta full and strange day. missing @kingpacific 
whatthehellzzzzzz. 
whatttttt?! why wont topshop online put the dress up im in love with 
Whatz the heLL why is Salmiya so damn crowded??? I haven't even reached Fanar's parking cuz it's so crowded!  I wanna shop hoh
Whay am I still ill 
Whay so blue? Cabin??  http://twitter.com/swedeepea/status/2054919015
Whazgood I'm bored! cousins in LA wish I was with her 
Whedonesque lied to me. NPH was last night. 
Whee, last minute New Biz Meeting at the Ritz Carlton and I'm wearing jeans...  today just isn't my day
wheel alignment tmr 
Wheel bearing replacement postponed 
wheels are back! woooooooot! yeah! looking shiny and good. Weather atrocious so not going out for a run right now 
Wheezy throat, coughing loudly 
whelk tumefy 
Whelp! So long Cavs 
When @Jessicaveronica is on tell her i FUCKING LOVEE HER &lt;33I dont thihnk ill be on later 
When am I goin 2 drive ma dad 2 da airport  I shoulda shame. bout I cant drive, look from wen I learnin. dad sey I drive like im in a game
when am i going to be heard? i know im not famous but.. cmooooon! 
when am i gonna meet mr right? so tired of meeting mr. wrong 
when am i gunna get better ??  ;(
When are @alyandaj gonna release another album already?!? I miss them 
When are they going to fix the F*#$&amp;ng color wheel in the design settings?!? 
When are you going shopping? 
When asked why they chose that one almost every girl said &quot;because she's prettier&quot; so sad 
When baby wants to wake up at 5:00 am we wake up at 5:00 am. I'm ready to go back to sleep... He's not! 
when Brian gets done pooping, we're going to the beach for the last time... 
when can i reach my dreams ? 
when carrie cries about big, i cry 
When comedians aren't funny at all and the audience is really quiet...I get embarassed and uncomfortable for them. Ur job isn't working. 
when did amazon stop discounting xbox live subscriptions? 
When did I become a law abiding citizen? I just bought a train ticket... Getting old 
When did i start liking blue october and dashboard confessional? I'm so lame 
When did motorbike insurance get so darned expensive???  Only been not riding for a year. 
when did the $10 browse pack become 100mb? seems much better value than the 5mb for $5 I'm using now. 30 days is the restriction tho 
When did we give over the streets to the spread-cancer-thru-2ndhand-smoke goon squad? Every block I walk these days, must hold breath. 
When did Zak Baggins in #ghostadventures turn all emo looking? I thought he was hot! Maybe I was dreaming or something last season. 
When do i start getting paid? 
when does school finish imm sooo fed up man  |-)?
When for a dh ride today with remy and dan had a crash on the off-camber cut my knee, twice 
When formatting goes wrong - ARGH! My Data! (pr0n ï¿½_ï¿½) 
When he was in NY, I always said I would visit his studio. But Cali? I'm scared of flying 
when he will come, i miss him a lot 
When Hip-Hoper's confessed LUV of Nike, I said SweatShops &amp; BlingTrade, too far to care  But, I'm confused by our new LUV of the NY Ti ...
When I am frustrated, I ate - not a good behavior I know, and I am working on it...but today I felt sad again so, lots of calories 
When I am wearing my trumpet I can't reach my ears to groom them; I have tufty bits like an old man now 
When I asked Dell about reviewing a 14z laptop, they said they'd have review units &quot;in a few months&quot;. Wow.  So I ordered one today... 
when I couldn't come, you came. but when I could come, you didn't come 
When I eat spinach, it doesn't make me like popeye... it just gives me farts! 
When I export a video, the quality comes out so crappy  WHY!!!??
When I fell asleep it plagued my dreams. 
when i fell on my ass today i ripped my blue volcom boxers 
When I get back home I'll probably watch a few Naruto episodes, as long as I won't have such a bad head ache as I had yesterday 
When I get sad, I buy junk food...when I get very sad, I buy lots &amp; lots of junk food...went to town and bought lots &amp; lots of junk food 
When I go to collage, im so buying a car. we have to walk all around campus in 100 degree weather. 
When I go to see Bon Iver I'm going to smuggle in boxes of kleenex and sell them for 10$ a pop... oh wait Ill need them... 
When I got him outside he will still twitching so I crushed him with a rock. I really feel so bad. I like mice. 
when i grow up i want to be like @grimmers, for now i'll make do with a student radio show 
When I have a packed schedule I have on problem entertaining myself with procrastination but when I have nothing to do I get bored fast 
when i introduce myself to the new students THEY YELL HIS NAME and the new student will not hear my name. 
When I lived in Vancouver our cable system got an east coast feed. Not here. Trying to dodge SYTYCD east coast spoilers 
When I look at the OS 3 channel, I think the server must be down when the update is available 
when i look at u my mind gos on a trip 
when I miss you I look at the sky..I might aswell take a picture of it. //sprained my wrist  // I LOVE YOU !!
when i move to texas im going to miss this shitty state so much. 
When I moved here I was coming off of playing baseball for my college and was 192 pounds that season, now im 172  lol
When I put it on silent, it now starts to vibrate and switch between ring and silent randomly. 
When I rule the world natural history tv programmes will be full of happiness and fluff ...I don't want to see unhappy fluffy creatures 
When I saw Morrissey in 2006 I got a picture when he was looking right at me, but now I can't find it 
when i saw the bug i scream and @iluvJonas_  laughed at me 
When i say &quot;we close at 6&quot;, it does not mean &quot;come in at 6&quot;. Ffs people. Also RIP Polly 
When I say I am EXTREMELY concerned about my leg, I'm not fucking about....not hommerton again!? 
when i say i'm really sad about the puppet commercials...i really am..those commercials are gonna leave a void in me like Lil Penny 
when i say minute i mean 1 hour 9 minutes 
When I say shotgun you say wedding? 
When I see spammers following me, I really wish Britney hadn't joined #Twitter 
When I should be the &quot;Hero&quot; who gets the girl at the end 
when i take work as work, I fail ! 
When i tell you i have 21 bug bites on my legs that itch like the dickens, i mean it. Calls for an annoying night of impossible rest! 
when i thought i was done with school i had to go back in for an hour 
when I thought that everything would be fine ... this happens!!! 
when i told my mom &quot;can we watch up?&quot; she said &quot;OK&quot;. little did i know she thought i asked &quot;what's up?&quot; looks like i have a free friday. 
when i tried to reinstall window,i am seeing bsod  ... what may be the cause? (ubuntu is not even bootin  )
when i wake up ..in my make-up ...la la lala la.la la lala... i forgot the words 
when i wake up i feel so tired and now sick,oh god please help me in exam 
When i was a lad, duke nukem was the most bad a**  video game character, and now i had to witness the company who made him close  so sad.
when I watched it with @stephmccall yesterday, scary times    
when i wear hats, people are apprehensive of me 
When I woke up it was very sunny. NOWW, IT'S RAINING VERY HARD!! :S On a saturday  Too Bad ):
When I woke up this morning I thought that's all a terrible nightmare but it's true, Candice got released. I still can't believe it. 
When I'm alone the tears just start again 
when I'm coming down from my Asian glow, I can see all my scars even after they faded. I've been burned and cut a LOT in my life. 
when I'm feeel nervous I always need a wee...soo annoying...gotta try and check in online and book our seats...these 2 weeks went fast 
when im in zante i wont be able to send any tweets   i will honstly miss it. but when i get back there be lots more to say. i promise =D
When I'm walking down the street, I often feel like doing cartwheels. But I don't know how to do cartwheels. 
when i'm walking, i like to close my eyes to see if i can not hit anything. i just did that and tripped on the floor 
when is H&amp;M coming to Portland, OR!! We always get stores last 
When is my party then? 
When is someone going to book The Minibosses for another show.  I miss those guys.  
When is tales of vesperia out? Can't find a date 
When is the freakn' 3.0 update going to show up to download! 
when is the Open Happiness video coming out??????????????? 
When is the SUN going to come back  This misty weather is no good ... June just started but we've already had JUNE GLOOM for a week!!!
when is the sun gonna blow me a kiss??? 
when is this going to get easier?  and why the hell am I so sad about it?
When is this supposed to get better? 
When Isaac Haxton hit his five-outer on the river to stay alive, I had my camera on Vitaly Lunkin. Sorry y'all -- I missed a great shot. 
When it comes to Jon and Kate I'm on the kids' side obviously but also Jon's. Kate treats him like dirt. 
When it rains it pours 
when it rains it pours tryin to get out from under this rock. 
When it rains it pours.... I understand this concept much too well..... 
when it rains..oh,no 
When its nice out the weekends go by too fast 
When life hands you lemons you have to make lemonade. But what if you don't feel that making lemonade will make much of a difference? 
When life hands you lemons, try to avoid cutting open your hand while slicing them... 
when my good dreams seem real.. that's okay.. but when you have a nightmare and you wake up believing it- not cool! 
When my hard drive crashed, I lost the birth of my son.  #gno
when one of your best friends leaves you.. then what? 
When packing my kitchen scale for class I dropped it on the tile floor. No more kitchen scale. 
When people come in here reeking of cigarettes it makes me gag soooo much...ugh welcome back headache 
When people move around next door it sounds like people are u[stairs in my house...scary 
When people online tell me to keep things on the DL that's easy, but when someone says it IRL it's harder. 
When practical jokes go wrong! Paul's house mate swapped his passport, only just found out at the checkin desk. LOL 
when r mcfly coming back 2 australia? very sad that its been bout 4 months since i saw them in melb 
When security doesn't check me I think someones gonna be able to bring a gun into the park and shoot me 
when sugaR's out for dinner, im soo bored &amp; cold at home 
When the government takes responsibility for everything, the people become children and stop caring about each other...    #tcot
When the guy that lives an hour away from church isn't told that church was canceled...and he's in the church parking lot...NOT COOL 
When the hell is Mr Nobody coming out????? 
When the hell will The Big Show and Kane get a World Title again? 
when the hills of CALIFONIA r burin  seriously they r near my daddys house and im at his house riiight now, near LA river....im scared :'(
When there is nothing left to do people pray, what do I do if I don't believe? Reality leaves you all out of options. 
When Thereâ€™s Nothing On The Horizon Youâ€™ve Got Nothing ...: http://bit.ly/5uBp3  .. another notice from Afghanistan  ... 
when they asked who wanted to be a zookeeper when they grew up i was the only one who raised my hand 
When u already think that it can't get any worse... well... guess I am wrong 
When u want the house to be empty when u get back from work it just isn't 
When ur pushing 25 in a go kart and u side smash into another kart facing u.......not good.....side aching 
When using #jQuery to modify select elements, use .add on the HTMLSelectElement rather than .append otherwise it doesn't work in IE 
When was the first time you got that &quot;backache&quot;. I know I have fully entered my &quot;middle ages&quot; - the backaches have come 
when we leave this year, we won't be coming back. 
when whites get too white they go see through...poor man in the dripping see through shirt 
When will @twitterrific properly support unicode URLs? 
When will Beejive IM support push notification? This is frustrating. 
When will I be able to go to the beach? 
When will I ever get phones back for this job  it's basically summer.
When will I learn... Don't try to be funny in the morning and spelling mistakes aren't funny 
When will my motivation for making characters return? 
When will power come 
when will the rain stop? streets are already flooded here..... 
when will this be over? i just puked again 
when will this crisis end?! i'm afraid i might be one of them, i just hope not.. 
when will we get away from this mp3 garbage. dont people know mp3s sound like crap 
When will we have a great thunderstorm?  We haven't had much of any rain this year. 
-when you feel like you are losing your edge? 
When you finish a 650 page novel you feel kind of lost. Where are my characters now?  I want them back in my life.
when you hide out from people everytime they're in Cali you start to feel bad when you miss them and they're in Louisiana, sorry Tyron 
when you play and do not do what you're suppose to, you have to work late 
When you see the story on CNN with the headline &quot;Submarine Runs Aground at Taco Bell&quot;, that's us. 
When you taking me???  @tabiness Took my cuz out for his 1st beer.. *sigh*
when you workout for 2 hours and you still feel chubs its a sad day.  i will never be peer pressured into eating cake at 12am again! EVER.
when you'd rather be at work than home, you know there's something wrong. 
When youre kawawa, you make me kawawa cuz i hate seeing you so kawawa's  ohhhhh &lt;3
When you're not playing and you're just looking around ... This place is sad 
When youre tired, does anyone get headaches? Ugh overeating doesnt help either cuz now im queezie 
when you've ordered something don't you think its right that you should fucking get it 
when, this weekend?! cali 1st bday sat 
Whenever faced with the choice to pee or make it to the train on time... I always choose the train. 
whenever I get on my laptop...I am on it for HOURS at a time...it's SO sad. 
Whenever i have dreams about driving, i'm a reeeeeally bad driver 
whenever I plan to take my parents to Hamsptead it starts raining 
Whenever I try and put a pic for my twitter it never works.  I'll try again tomorrow.
whenever I wake up early my stomach is weird for the rest of the day 
whenever I'm happy, it gets ruined 
Whenever I'm sick, someone always has to comeover. 
whenever it rains it's so hard to get motivated 
Whenever somebody says &quot;weffriddles&quot;, I keep thinking about how I still want a NURLO shirt. 
whenever someone tells me they are sick, i always get sympathy pain where they are sick 
whenever you sign up for a free account on a website, it should just log you in right away instead of requiring confirmation. 
Whennnn will John get home? 
when's my new iphone gonna get here. le sigh 
Where am I going to go for my daily Boston news or my Sudoku addiction  http://tinyurl.com/cy7brl
Where are &quot;original&quot; .NET OSS projects like Hadoop/WEKA/Lucene/etc (not just ports)? Seems like they're all just Mock/Test/IoC frameworks 
where are @tommcfly, @Dannymcfly, @mcflyharry and the loser kid, @dougiemcfly? twitter gets a bit boring without them 
Where are all ma girls tonight 
Where are all my tweeps? Is that what you guys are called? Tweeps? I'm stuck in traffic and need something to do but noone is tweeting. 
where are my boys? 
where are my cuddles  ??
Where are my double d sistahs at?? @bazanna &amp; @westlifebunny, you know my days are not complete without hearing from you guys 
where are my exam results?! 
where are my girls  make me happy. i need you!!!
Where are my power tools? I need to build a damn ark. Rain rain rain rain rain. I feel pruney and frizzy. 
Where are my stuff, Dani? HAHA. Go call me again. ERRRRR. My mom`s just..  Kay. I really really wish I went to Shang &amp; i was there ! 
Where are the brown bags? 
Where are the flashlights in this house?  
Where are the tweeps? 
Where are their colours? :|   Why is he in a sweater vest?   Is he trying to be Chandler?   This is just not good. 
where are u now? 
where are you #LOSNOTC kids 
where are you @LiLMiine? 
Where are you Clark Kent? 
Where are you honey ? what taking you so long ? 
Where are you Kristen Dela Cruz? 
Where are you Miley?  I want to know it.
Where are you shannonsimpson? She's been suspended by the evildoers at Twitter. I guess no stalker for me. O well 
Where are you sleep?!?  I can't find u anywhere   please come out where ever u r....I have to get up in 4 hours...
where are you, @stefanierose_x ?? 
where are you?  I need my abc .___.
Where are you??  .......
where are your pictures woman???? 
where can i find the new atl song? theres not full versions on youtube 
Where can I get a copy of Breaking Dawn... Havent seen one in Estonia 
WHERE CAN I GET A SOFT FLUFFY SLICE OF RED VELVET CAKE..MAKE MY CAKE ONLY SELLS WHOLE CAKES 
Where can i get free laker tix? I ve never been to a laker game  i want to go so bad : p
Where can I go find interesting objects aound jakarta other than my house?.. My shots are hideous,boring  http://mypict.me/4fib
where can i have lunch today...suggestions? 
where can I score an iPhone 3Gs? I went to the ATT store and they were sold out... 
where can I watch JONAS!!?? ahhh... living in Austria is sometimes so NOT cool!!! 
where can i watch mtv movie awards live on the interneeet ? cant find it! 
where can i watch the mtv awards    gotta catch that sexy mr.pattinson.
Where d fun at?  i'm hopping back on the plane o!
Where da fuckk did this headache come from haaha oow  so shweepy
where di all the cool livejournal people go?? i think i lost them all while i was obsessively changing usernames all the time 
Where did @RetroRewind jus go?!?!?!   
Where did all the clouds come from? Finished work... want to sit out with a cuppa and all of a sudden the sun is hiding! 
where did all the rain go? 
where did easter go  
where did everybody go 
Where did everyone go? I took a nap and woke up coughing to an empty house 
where did everyone go?! just coz its friday doesn't mean you can go live your life outside home and not talk to me hahaha 
Where did I go wrong? I'm barely holding on ever since you've been gone...   at the mall text it up..
Where did I go wrong? I'm barely holding on ever since you've been gone...   text it
where did i put my phone?  &amp; when is gius party tonight?
Where did mr. sun go? 
Where did my baby go? 
Where did my half term go? 
Where did my voice go? I sound like a man! 
Where did my weekend go? 
Where did Rockstar go?? hey! i'm on youtube!!   doing the dance!
Where did summer just go 
Where did that &quot;Totally Free - No Sale&quot; tweet come from? We did not tweet that.. 
Where did that come from, healthy and happy yesterday, throat burning and almost completely unable to talk today 
Where did the day go 
Where did the sun go? It's overcast and gloomy 
Where did the sun go?!? Boo!! 
Where did the sun go?? It's chilly in the park. 
Where did the weekend go?? Another Monday 
Where did this rain come from 
Where do I file my white whine? My smartphone is being stupid 
Where do you go? I want to go too. But everything far off from my place 
Where does one go should one want some decent Mexican food in Kuwait? Probably Mexico, huh? 
where does the flippin time go?? killer headache  i have to wake up early tomorrow 
Where doesn't my body hurt? 
Where has all the rain gone its the only time i get good channels on my Freeview and now I'm gonna miss gossip girl! Tut 
Where has all the sun gone? 
where has all the time gone? 
where has everyone gone to? 
WHERE HAS MY PICTURE GONE  .... getting frustrated now
where has my sleep run off to?? 
Where has summer gone    I need to get away from this country!!!!!
Where has the sun been? Working tonight. 
where has the sun gone! 
where has the sun gone?  typical!
Where Has The Sun Gone?!?,,I was Just Getting Used To It   Darnn Itt :/
where hav all the peeps gone 
where have all my friends gone? 
Where have all my old updates gone?!! 
Where have all the staff gone? This office is far too quiet. maybe they are all watching wimbledon and working from home 
where have the &quot;city meets country fair&quot; winners gone 
Where have the lovely ladies of @Briclyn_Ent been lately? 
Where I am on the geek spectrum is tough. I'm too geeky for normal people and not geeky enough for the real geeks 
Where I can find Harper's Island single links to download? I'm getting tired to looking into WBB boards. 
Where I cand find Harper's Island single links to download? I'm getting tired to looking into Warez BB boards. 
Where I'm at there's no starbucks for miles. I know cuz I checked... 
where in #rva can I watch the upcoming Tour de France (July 4th to Sunday July 26th)_gave up cable last fall. 
Where in the blue fuck is my phone? It was supposed to be back last thursday 
where in the world is leah coughenour?  haha.
where is  @CatsHoodRich
Where is @jakeofficial....he's definitely been too quiet, miss his tweets!!! 
Where is @shiningCHER? 
Where is a glass of soothing wine when I need one? I should NOT google cat medical things. Moreover, I should NOT be crying  Ugh.
where is charlie??.. 
where is da sun 2day  cant wait 2 go 2 italy with me baby ;) happy happy days again ;) xxx
where is direct messages to me 
where is estehr and sharonda?  i miss u bishes!!!!!!!
where is every1?!!!!!!!!!????? i have no life 
Where is everybody 2nite?...twitter sure is kinda dead n dry 2nite...is everybody goin out?... 
Where is everybody?! 
Where is everybody?! The lights are on. Sucks to come back without house keys. 
where is everybody?? 
Where is everyone getting this &quot;Paula, not coming back to idol stuff&quot; from? I'm SO lost!  HELP?
where is everyone? i guess out partyin....it is sat! damn i wanna party too 
Where is everyone? No one seems to be answering their phone today 
Where is everyone?! 
Where is food  - http://tweet.sg
Where is Google Chrome for Mac? 
Where is jeneva? Haha, i really wish i owned a phone 
Where is joe  &lt;Cup*of*tea:]&gt;
where is Lilly???  ugh...  I do not like when she stays out all night. 
Where is my boo? 
Where is my boss??? Granny is fun but I miss him.... 
where is my camera? 
where is my cookie?? its missing!!! huhuhu. 
Where is my IPhone 3.0?  It's Wednesday! 
Where is my iPhone 3GS???? Oh yeah it is it china 
where is my luck with phone interview?!....  
Where is my new display pic... I don't see it... 
where is my partner in crime ? 
where is my twinn @BananasGoRound she ignoring me 
where is my vote  ahmadi-hijo-de-puta neyad
Where is my wife!? 
Where is my WoW server? 
Where is our film? 
where is our summer time it june and it cold and i have my heating on again 
where is our summer time it's near the end of june and its cold and wet and i have my heating on the great scottish weather 
where is rhi ?  I miss her 
Where is summer?  Feels more like October than June 
Where is the boss... I'd like to have my check and leave please! 
Where is the boyfriend? 
where is the fedex man??? 
Where is the freakin sun/summer? Summerbreak in 5 days, and it is raining  Jesus, give us swedes a lil summerfeeling to work with, please?
Where is the freekin elotes man I need my fix!!! 
Where is the help!! Iran needs help.  Obama needs to step it up!
where is the hot weather in LA? no tanning for me 
Where is the mailman... ? 
Where is the Sun ... the world is 2 grey    I miss Thailand
Where is the sun at today??? My plan to wear a nice little summerdress on the streets of Stockholm is not gonna work! 
Where is the sun shine? 
where is the sun we were promised today 
Where is the sun?  Lindaa i miss you..
Where is the SUN?!?! This summer is not a Sunny Summer in NY   
where is the sun???? I hate rain..especially when I have to walk my dog 
Where is the sun???? It barley comes out anymore   It summer time its suppose to be out all the time!!!!
Where is the Zelda?  #E3
where is there a place i can have strangers read my secrets? Too many people know me here now 
Where is top gear on sundays when you need it. 
where is your backbone?! Backbone by ThereForTomorrow.. hmmp! my backbone hurts. huhu! and i'm sleepy also. fatigue attacks! 
where my girl at ? 
Where my London boys at? I ain't to em in madd long  LoL
Where my people at....I need someone to talk to 
Where on earth are my Ray-banssss. I can't find a store that sells them. 
Where r all of my friends tonight? 
Where r my twitter twats? 
Where r u ,bab? 
Where the devil are the metro's today?  New magazine in need, back to civilization so will have to grip a @viceuk
where the fuck is everyone? 
Where the fuck is my slut?! 
where the fuck is This Ain't No Mixtape 
Where the heck is Beta 6 
Where the hell can i get a hashbrown?! 
Where the hell did the weekend go so fast? It literally feels as though 4 hours ago I was at work... 
Where the hell did this migrane come from?!?!?! 
where the hell is @Shamanah ??? 
where the hell is my @csi_printchick and @jonathanrknight  im missing them terribly 
where the hell is my asos order!?! i want my pocket rocket and cardigan !! 
where the hell is my TV remote 
Where the hell my diamond ring gone, 2 day searching for it and still cant find 
where to start from 
WHERE WERE YOU  for the  Jamison Park Tweetup @pearlgirl ? 
Where were you when i needed you today 
Where will my friends&amp;parents be when im 40? 
Where you are hunny,?? 
Where you are rayray I miss you 
Where you at. 
where you go ? i miss you so 
where`s the love      good night -bree
Where'd the warm sunny days go? 
Where'd u go? 
where'd you go 
where'd you go? i miss you so. it's like it's been forever, since you've been gone 
where'd you go?! lol 
Whereeee is @lixieee to live through this with me??? Oh that's right, te middle of the ocean 
Wheres @Arroqantasia i miss ha 
Where's @bowwow614 i miss him!  he needs 2 go live!
Where's a good book when you need one ? 
Wheres a good place 2 live that has NO snakes b/c i need 2 get there like now! Seen another snake. I have a serious phobia 
Where's a good place to get a belt in Boston?  I left mine at billys 
Where's a man to save you from another man when you need him? 
Where's Derrick  http://ff.im/-1XWXs
Where's DGTweets? I miss her &amp; her tweets 
Where's Dom?!  Waaaahhh.
Where's everybody at?    
Where's everybody gone 
where's everybody? there was none of them whom pick up my phone call 
where's everyone at ? seriously. its kinda lonely tonight 
Where's everyone? guess i'll go to bed, no one around 
Where's gdehoyos10?  if he had TweetGenius he would be on &quot;wit&quot; it
--WHERE'S HOOL?? 
where's Jake?? 
where's mike in all the cash cash pictures? 
where's my bank card? 
wheres my bb leighton 
wheres my bed. 
Where's my best friend ? 
wheres my boyfriend 
where's my car? i need a ride to bijou. je suis en retard! 
wheres my coco lips, i miss talking to him. 
Where's my Gualler?  actually I know but still...
Where's my Happiness? 
Where's my long comment? 
where's my partner in crime ?   *sob*
Where's my picture 
Where's my picture gone? I'm back to being o_O Sad now  x
where's my piece of double chocolate german chocolate cake!!!! 
Where's my Savage? 
where's my weekend 
wheres my xbox portable  #e3
Where's Nay? Awayy. 
Where's the beautiful day gone, rain and thunder now   http://yfrog.com/10lxkxj
where's the bloody sunshine gone! typical! 
Where's the cleaning lady? Oh yeah, I am the cleaning lady.  
WHERES THE DAMN CAMERA WHEN YOU NEED IT?! &gt; HOW CAN I TAKE A PICTURE OF THE ANDY THINOG MAMBO JAMBO I MADE 
Wheres the kr3w at?  why is everyone apart?
Where's the missing plane 
Wheres the rain?!?  Just because it's a SUNday, it doesn't mean there should be no more rain. :|
Where's the sun ? Would of liked to get some colour today ! 
wheres the sun at today  dammm! im deiyn to mae some music!!!! UC-US Team Movinn Hard!!!
where's the sun go 
Where's the sun gone  it's cloudy!!! I've gotten to used to the nice weather to take it away from me!!!
Where's the sun today in Charleston? Day off and no sun! 
wheres the sun?   .... @sloaneyyy ur makin me want coffee now! lol
wheres the sun? another cloudy cali day 
Where's the sun? I want to go to the beach  
where's the sun??????? 
Where's the sunshine gone!????  #fb
wheres the sunshine? 
Where's the sunshine?!  I'd love to be reading in my backyard instead of my basement 
Where's wally when I want him to make me breakfast 
wherethe hecks @mzgio 
Wherever you are foxy, I hope you're safe. You're a jerk of a cat, but you're still our cat 
Whether it's the release of Palm Pre or the new iPhone, I'm not bothered cuz they are gonna be over priced and I can't afford them. 
Whew I just lost to jj at little kid monopoly 
Whew I'm hungry now 
Whew its gonna be cold in cleveland today  http://myloc.me/4gNJ
Whew my body is mad about tha workout... I think ill nap when I get home. Its still raining 
Whew! I'm full....now back to work 
Whew!! A hot day at the Ren Faire  glad to be back home!!
Whew!! Turned out we were just in time  Hope @nadinejamila will come on the 21st 
Whew, had a LATE night but gotta mow the yard before the storms come! 
whew, kitchen: done. carpets: vacuumed. dining room:  lounge, all that's remaining is to take the computer apart and pack it in the car 
Whew, today was much better...but I now have no shower 
whew. did some more vacuuming. what a good time! You should vacuum. 
whew....   I had forgotten that when I'm home on vacation, I rarely check mail.  It's probably been out in the box a day or two 
Whew...........it's going 2 be 90 today plus high humidity!!!!  Yuck!    Not a big fan of hot/humid combo - - - - ick!
Whewwww what a Sunday~ 
whewwwwwww! 
Whhhhhhyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  die already, plzkthx
Whhhhyyyyy nuggets??? Whyyyyy  oh well. Lemme get dressed... Finsta roll thru the W, then who knows
whhhy!!!! ugh! starting to regret leaving LA...i cuda had a dude, seen jamie foxx n steph jones at a starbucks and b at the grove 2 c MH! 
whhhyyy does it have to be sunday already!!     that was quick
Which audio filetype do I have to record to embed it in HTML for Safari Mobile? CAF, MA4, AIFF and AAC didn't work  #iphone #iphonedev
which i had a second HD TV so i can get my platinums going.  The missis love her LAw and Order 
Which iPhone Twitter client supports groups like Nambu for OS X does? Is there any? TwitterFon Pro, Tweetie, Twitterific don't.  ?
which is another reason why i dont like walking nowhere. 
which is better and money worthy? iPhone or Blackberry? I'm currently using iPhone but my baby Andre(iPhone) has been bitchy towards me 
which is geuss is not over????Basketball!!! i have horrible pain from shin splint in my right leg  gonna ice it while driving to the court
which is only like.....4 floors tall, fml 
Which means yes, I am in mourning that they're not in the WC finals  Please be sensitive to my grief today. I've been a fan for 16 years!
which no doubt they will 
Which one's better: Spend the evening at home mooning over a guy or go watch a movie by myself? Hmm..movie? 
which OpenGL drivers do I need to run Savage 2 in !ubuntu? I'm getting a error OpenGL 2.1 not available  
which really reminds me how MUCH i want her CD Sawo Matang!!! it's the most recent album be4 lenggok n then 5 year sabbatical  whyyy ani??
Which sucks because it's so nice outside.....and im going to miss out on a fun evening 
while (paddy == retard) { remember(&quot;switch statements need BREAKs!&quot;) }; That took 2 days to debug 
while 12 hpurs of sleep shouldbe sufficient, I just want to crawl back in bed 
While boys play I collect mosquito bites.   http://twitpic.com/4ygz5
while brushing my teeth, i somehow managed to fling my toothbrush into the toilet 
while drinking s corona with lime....So sad I just realized NEFUME ain't mine. 
WHILE GOING THROUGH OLD STUFF, IT IS REALLY DEPRESSING TO REALIZE THAT YOU WERE RETARDED &amp; PROBABLY STILL ARE. 
while helping Rodney put up a fence at my mom's place, I got a lovely (not) sunburn.  Why don't I ever think of sunscreen? 
While I am all about it, I sometimes think contacting my representative (Burris) will only get my cause laughed at in the senate. 
While I don't PERSONALLY kill bugs, the desire to play the &quot;Get the bug!&quot; game with my puppy is to strong to resist. 
While I was out stagging last night, my wife went to play a DVD and the Xbox RRoD'd 
while it was bright and sunny and now i get out and its dark! 
While my hardcore loverfaces look for me at the show, @isaksson_joe drop me a text saying that he's part of the crew. GREAT 
while NOT realising that the stuff got more difficult this year. so fked up 
while putting my feet up I think I stained my sofa with antibacterial ointment  I had to put on some in the back of my ankels I hurt mself
While running really fast in the back yard, I wiped out. Crashed into the fence. Now my lip &amp; my nose are really ouchy. 
While sending that last tweet I crashed my car, I think it's a write of... 
While staring at my packed wardrobe,thinkin how to fit all these unpacked clothings frm the boxes in the wardrobe  @JGirawan is mean!
while stirring coffee ~ i should practice mindfulness - shirt would still be clean  #senryu
while the new #Tweetdeck updates are good, I am not able 2 minimize the app to the system tray. It used 2 happen with d earlier version. 
While tidying I just found 20 dollars in dollar bills my Dad gave me at Christmas. FAIL 
While uploading, let's get some work done in Readme files, I hate Readme files, my english is so poor  really hoping clients forgive me.
While we are calculating the results you can click on any of the following links:!!!!!! no sale qe filosof existencialista seria 
While we are on the rain subject I fuckin hate this rain! I need to do a soil test and can't with this damn weather! 
while working out moving average, smoothing and other forecasting methods, miss sniff and sneeze visited me. 
while ya'll adjust 2 carseats/diapers/crying.i'm adjusting 2a cognizant prepubescent teen q's like: LET'SGO2THEPOOLDAD? IHAVE2SHAVEMYLEGS 
While y'all are slumbering, I'm getting up to go to work.  
While y'all r probably drunk eating by now I'm on my way 2 work! 
while, way too dusty   Mark Kolkman
whimper foot pain!!! 
whine for me. i def need To Get A Bigger arsefor these dances! smh. 
Whine whine bitch whine bitch bitch whine LOVE ME 
Whinging. My client&amp;boss don't understand English well. Rewrote some text unreadable. It's written by v. good writer&amp;reviewed correctly. 
Whirlwind of a week.  Last day with T and Paul.  Hate that they're leaving. 
whising i didn't have feelings for certin person, of all the things in life how do i tell my best friend george i'm in love with him 
Whisper hello, I miss you quite terribly!  Sad that my beef is leaving soon!
Whistling while you work = LAME! lol 
white choc muffin FAIL  they fell apart
White chocolate reeses are good. Nothing is good on tv at 3am 
White legs, need sunscreen, or aloe later 
White Shoes is on LIP Sagan at June 29.. Apakah gue harus mengundurkan tanggal balik?? 
White trash vs us... We were outnumbered.  http://twitpic.com/2y3jp
white wine is better... more studyingggg 
Whitening my teeth burns 
whithout any energy left, really dying here... i hate having bad colds is not good for asthmatic ppl!! 
Whnev I go shoppin wit unlimited $$ (aka my mom lol) I find nothin but when I only got $100 in pocket 4 rest of the month I see so much 
who am i in ur life??? i think we can't  make it anymore. Just stop trying... 
Who am i kidding. Nowadays i party more like a rock than a rockstar 
who am I talkin on the phone with asshole! NO BODY but jes texting your ass! 
Who are these shitty ska weirdos and why won't the singer put his top back on? 
who bragged about what now? *confused* and no, @Lowridergrl, I am not a wrestling fan at all. Sowwy 
who can access PPP here? I can't since this morning  http://plurk.com/p/xtpfy
Who can help me post Twitter feeds on my blog -I'm not winning  I did take my light switch off now to find a new one store didnt have it
who can make me laugh... 
who can repair my honda? I cant ride it  it is so sad..
Who can test my site on IE6, IE7, IE8 ? But work on Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safari, ... Please contact me 
who could solve this problem?i'm dying right now. 
Who cries at Corpse Bride? Oh man, this movie tore me apart.  http://myloc.me/112r
Who else is bummed that Susan Boyle lost?  Kudos to the winner though.
Who else is on twitter?  I'm so bad with names   I'm starting to think I'm good with ideas though
Who else misses Parade the day incredibly much.. 
who falls asleep during breakfast at tiffany's. .. me 
Who forgot to press start on the bread maker last night!  No Sarnnies today 
Who gets up at 6am?!  My teacher wife   And me apparently to work on StatEasy's AlphaLabs application!  Woot!
Who goes to a wedding alone? Yea... thats right... me.  wish me luck.
who in the world would kick a 5 yr old?    this dude... http://bit.ly/JfZUn
Who invented hayfever? 
who is on ygh i need someone to talk to!!! and i cant text  man ugh
who is this person NikiL it so many of them with different numbers they keep followin me 
who just followed me? it won't show me who. 
Who killed bill? David carradine RIP found hanging in his closet in a not so normal way  more info on enewsonline.com
who knew beer n chocolate covered strawberries went so well together? i didnt.. but now i do! n i feel enlightened but now my tummy hurts 
who knew converting RAW images to JPG would be so hard 
who knew five months ago that i'd come out here and leave with three new best friends.. ill miss you guys 
Who Knew Love could Hurt Soooo MUCH!!! 
Who knew there were freaking coyotes in Capitol Hill?! RIP Kitten 
who knows how to save ALL numbers onto a sim with the Nokia 6300... or onto the memory card!?!? ... i have too many numbers 
Who lied to me? Who said that he wouldn't fall in love and has a new girlfriend now? Well, obviously, it isn't me... 
Who lives in Brisbane? I need a friend 
who made this mess?! oh yea, i did   crap.    cleaning...
Who misses the Internet?  I do.  
Who needs a job anyways? Certain people, at a certain place of employment, can suck mine!   
who needs hangers? i have 200 im not using   recycle!
who needs sleep. Done setting up SuSE pxeboot install server at home at 3:00am 
Who noes how  to fix a mouse that's not functioninqq rite ??? 
Who said dogs are more intelligent than cats?! They ought to be shot and killed. I dreamt I got bitten/attacked by a dog last night 
Who should I follow on Twitter? I only follow 21 people 
who shoves a hypodermic needle into a teddybear?!!! casualty sucks 
who takes an exam about lyrics,  meanings and biography of the autors of patriotics songs???!!! seriously!!! its CRAZY! CRAZY I TELL YOU! 
who the eff gets a cold in MAY ?!? I do 
Who the fuck came up with a 2pm start for Roland Garros? That 3pm here 
who the fuck cares where the fucking ring of fire is and all its bloody trenches FUCK. head ache 
who the hell told me to watch http://bit.ly/13AH3s  this music video. It made me bawl my eyes out. 
Who the hell would want an elephant fart ringtone?!? I really can't sleep. 
Who To Add, I Cant Find Anyonee  x
Who told you this?   
who waan come condition my locs? I dun feel so hot. 
who wakes up early on vacation?! these people are crazy  i need coffee.
Who wanna come to the salon with me? Maybe I just don't want to go there by myself. Oh yoy yoy. 
who wants a phone call from a crazy australia FYI = me .....lol common tweople im bored and cant sleep 2 lazy 2 type wana talk 2 sum1 
who wants my graduation tickets??  fuck this family of mine
Who wants to amputated my bag ? Its fucking killin me 
who wants to come give me a hug?  
Who wants to come play me a lullabuy? I need one 
Who wants to come to the FleetwoodMac concert Oct. 15? I don't want to go alone 
who wants to hangout with me. Please?! My people cancelled their plans 
Who wants to help me get Oingo Biongo back together?? I think it can be done  why oh why wasnt I born a decade earlier to witness them 
Who wants to invite me take a ride on the beach ?? I need it so much. There's no beach in Montreal 
Who wants to join Youth Day's Comm's pity party? 
who was i kiddin? i'm not going to bed anytime soon....wishin i hadnt left my dkny denim jacket in freakin south bend 
Who was I kidding?! Been under-weather most of wk &amp; have decided to pass on B'day do ( Herbal teas, sofa &amp; sleep is all I feel up to 
who who who does Avery like? In her PE class? Gorgeous, Fashion sense, Humor? Sounds like a catch. But she won't tell. 
who will read my story? i dont have many bule friends in MS  @enn7syn *hopeless mode ON*
Who will stop this bloodbath the Yankees r currently n and its only the 3rd innin 
who will water my flowers while I'm gone ? 
Who would of thought i would get totally burnt in scotland.. guttit for me 
whoa  i dont feel right. i'm being ignored? =/ mm 
whoa cant believe london broke daisys heart 
whoa grandparents - grandpa is all beat up 
Whoa i cant believe my graduation is in 1 day!!...Its so bittersweet 
whoa im super hungry  Life cereal w/granola &amp; raspberries is calling my name
WHOA its raining cats and dogs in park city boo 
whoa its wayyyy 2 hot outside. i miss the nice breezy days 
whoa one of the movies that is on a billboard in Cinemania I've seen: Startup.com not that great though  #trackle
WHOA the cookies are blacker than flava flav on the bottom  and the chocolate chips didn't melt, i think these are uneat-able.
Whoa the train is packed 
Whoa whoa whoa aribyluangluangluang 
Whoa work! Dam 
whoa! nadal is out at the french! 
Whoa! What happened! I just lost 4 followers! Do I smell???  I was hoping to reach 1000!
Whoa!!!!! Workout done.... Time to get ready for work 
whoa, @camarling just introduced me to Refused - a band so ahead of it's time. Totally missed the boat!  http://tinyurl.com/mjoh6z WATCH.
Whoa, didn't realize it was going to make me tweet those bites. Sorry 
Whoa, from a non-tweet: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/8083479.stm  
Whoa, I leave for 10 minutes and look at all the people showing up!  Were you just waiting for me to leave? 
Whoa, my nails are so long! I dont bite them anymore  but they keep breaking 
Whoa, RIP David Carradine 
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa... the DTV switched already happened? I had NO idea that they were making the switch.  LOL How'd I miss this? 
Whoa. Danger Radio called me back...stupid me didn't have my phone with me. No talk.  I got a voicemail though. Yay! 
Whoa. Hay fever's annoying today. 
whoa. huge ads invading my @afterellen experience. not cool. 
whoa. I am so sick! I cant even get up to finish my homework! i cant miss my math test and i have to turn in my science project tomorrow! 
Whoa. I can't believe Will.I.AM 's manager punched PerezHilton :O Thats a shame for the B.E.P 
whoa. i fell asleep during the day.. there must be something wrong with me..and its almost 4 pm what a waste on a lovely day 
Whoa. Why is @fkhatibloo's account suspended? 
Whoa...i just woke up singing a combination of 'dancing queen' &amp; metallica. Very weird. Cant get back to sleep now 
Whoa...on sale for just a few hours and tickets for @smbmsp 16 at #PartnerUp are sold out? Apparently I'm not going... 
Whoa..who was that pretending to be AC? Reva   Somebody sedate Marina!!  The PREVIEW!!!
Whoaâ€¦all my google reader subscriptions went away 
Whoah CRAP, THAT WAS A MISTAKE... do NOT put the three letters together in a tweet IM-EL-IM.. just got overwhelmed with Follow bots. 
whoah. sorry about that. leesburg today to deal with family stuff. i really don't want to go.. there is no point. 
Who'd like to sleep 
Who'dve thunk it? 20 mins on me bike and I'm f*cked! The Pennines might be nice to look at but are absolute tw*ts to ride near... 
Whoever created the name &quot;Less Stress More Success&quot; is an asshole. Wow LCert in 3 days and I'm soooooooooooooooo not prepared. Oh well 
Whoever didn't read our blog on youtube. this was the announcement...Raylene is not in the band anymore  Selena is our new 5th member!!
Whoever has the woofer, should turn it down 
Whoever invented heels hated women  . . .
Whoever just tweeted, my phone rejected it 
whoever keeps blipping Korn over and over again, pls stop! 
Whoever made computers should go n jump off a cliff... actually.. whoever made mine.. y me?... 
Whoever said Kobe was better then James... was right... James disappointed me tonight 
Whoever sent me a dm... I can't access it from my twidroid.  
Whoever She is. 
Whoever this girl singing on &quot;so you think ypou can dance&quot;is needs to be embarrassed for lip syncing. 
whoevers leaving me mean comments leave me alone 
Whoishonorsociety &lt;never wear your pajama pants to school  &gt;
who'l ever do the bossa nova with me?? 
Whole body ache 
Whole body feeling very painful. Having bad headache too 
Whole day I did one thing  .....listening.....
Whole family visit to dentist. Pricey. And painful too  I want our regular dentist back - she's gentle!
Whole Foods and drop offs in the future.  Was going to go to Tommy's for lunch but because my Mother sucks, that isn't going to happen 
whole time, i don't evn have 100 followers. smh 
Whole week  But it will hopefully soon have an end. More later...
Whoo hoo Bigs 2 and NCAA Football 10 demos today.  Too bad I don't have time to play them 
WHOO HOO LIL SIS'S GRADUATION 2DAY.! Then back 2 ferris right after... 
Whoo hoo! Clean dreads feel great! But my head feels heavy now. 
Whoo hoo! I actually worked out today.  I just don't think I'll be able to walk for the next couple of days. 
Whoo, BGT!! I really must multi-task and do my Art work at the same time though, back at College on Monday!! 
whooh!!!!!! well done diversity!!!!!!!!!! poor susan!!!  she was so good 2. but i dont really think she minded losing!
Whoo-hoo! Finished! It's very hot under those lights. My question wasn't asked and I never got to comment boo! 
Whooo hoo, finished my intro. I want to go shopping already 
Whooo, Back Home But I'm In All Day Tomorrow 
whoooa this like died for a second. Figured it was because of, you know, stuff. 
Whooooo are alll these spammmerrrsss?!?!? Im just tryna do my followers a favorrrr 
Whooooooaaaaaaaa,people comin at my neckk!  danng.
Whooooooo! hangover 
Whooopah. Apprentice! I don't want either to win 
whooops....my dad just got mad at me!!...i think he had the reason!!! i might listen to him if he listened all the things i have to say 
whoop maybe not. bk in bed with a frozen back 
Whoop whooo tis the weekend again!!! - spos'ed to be taking Mother and Tess to Bransby Horse Sanctuary Sun - but looks like rain 
Whoops - accidently had an ice cream - I'm so crap at this diet stuff - never had to do it before!!! 
Whoops I spoke to soon. Third place car to the pole. 
whoops last message for @Amelia_Grace ... make that the last two messages! sorry i forgot the underscore 
Whoops, 2nd person got on network and Internet slow as !@#$% now. ending Twitter cull now. I take it seriously - 787 to 750 (added too) 
Whoops, I meant &quot;mastuRbation&quot; I forgot the &quot;r&quot;. Sorry 
Whoops, MW behind RK  #f1 #maxout
whoops, please ignore my past GIGI tweet, looks like i made a mistake. sorry! 
whoops. posted twice. i reeeally wanna go to Tahiti! but it's so expensive..can't afford it right now!  that's one of my dream vacations.
Who's all going 2 EDGE with me 2nite?  maybe next time cuz my guestlist is full  RSVP next week ;D
Who's going to see Blur tonight? You? yeah, I'm jealous 
Whos gonna be my 50th follower???? ....I know sad right on 49  lol
Who's gonna make me an honorary jamaican? I used to be an honorary nigerian but that expired. 
Who's letting fireworks off at the wrong time of year &amp; upsetting Stella again?! 
Who's nicked my fan?! S'Blurry 'ot  (via @Wendywitwoo) I'm here! X
who's on here? in IT extremeeeely bored 
Who's seeing Valencia on June 28th or July 5th?? I hate having to cut back shows. Would of saw them 2 more times on this tour 
Who's that GIRL?? Livin' MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!! I'm soooo sad  Why???  i love u but i want him! 
Who's there to save the hero... http://bit.ly/GEnZl  ...after she saves the world? 
Who's up twitters? I can't sleep 
Whose bright idea was it to turn off the sun? i knew this hot sunny weather was too good for England   
Whose fault is this.. mine? Yours? Please tell me so I could fix this.. I'm sorry, I love you. 
Whose idea was it to go to the soccer game   http://pikchur.com/aVd
Whose making me breakfast I'm hungry   http://myloc.me/15KA
Whoz gonna help me feel better 4 2morrow?  im over here dying
Wht do u do wen u hv truckloads of work n u cant get urself to work   Duh !Blame it on Monday blues!
wht i must do it wth twitter 
wht the fuck just happened D: oh my god...i need someone to help me through this shit  right now.
whtz up i think i am sick 
Why  am i up so early 
WHY  do i have a cigarette burn next to my belly button ! 
Why  everytime I drink wine I get sooo horny?!? I want to get it in but-the lovely friend of the month decided to stop by this morning 
Why ?! The storms season has started  I dont like the ray (mommy here I come xD)
Why [TOS]?? Why?? 
Why aint my lil sister answerin da fone? I wanna c my gizmo dagnabbit! Adaaaaammmmmm wan my gizmo 
WHY ALL FEMALES HATIN ON THE LITE SKIN WAVE  LIKE WUSSUPP, WE STILL ON DECK, I'M LIVIN PROOF LOL
why all the people always leave me alone ? 
why always to me? 
Why am I addicted to The Bachelorette? Damn romance 
why am i alot sicker today than i was yesterday?  if i was this sick yesterday i wudda been able to miss school. . .
why am i always ill? i need to be in barbados wid my sister 
Why am I always talkin about sex....I kno dat stops her from takin me seriously..mayb dats y I do it....hmmmmm I dunno anymore 
Why am i at work so late 
Why am I awaaake  I feel like @nickjfrost. Maybe I'll start talking about ants.
Why am I awake already, bad ryan 
why am i awake at 10:02 on a saturday !? 
Why am I awake at 630am? Can't fall back to sleep because I can't stop sneezing! Damn allergies  ugh!!!
Why am I awake at 6am on a saturday? Worst excuse for sleep. Ever. Too hot, too many nightmares about spiders in my bedroom. Horrible 
Why am i awake at this stupidly early hour? 
Why am I awake?  ballet exams start today! mine in one wekk :| help? currently in my bed wishing sleep upon me with ma cuzzz.
Why am I awake? The sun isn't. 
WHY AM I AWAKE?! To much on my mind I guess.. 
why am i broke?! i want my #paolonutini cd!!  i need a job, ASAP!
Why am i crying? like for realss.. why am i? imma thug.. thugs dont cryyy.. 
Why am I doomed to be too poor and too far away to attend Comic Con? 
why am i even awake? i wanna cuppa coffee. 
why am i even still awake?! philosophy final at 1030 
Why am i even trying to go to sleep. Its 28c in here. I miss the cold winter nights 
why am i even trying? 
why am I exausted but wide awake...can't fall asleep  
Why am I feeling disgusted by food? I tried to eat but ewww 
why am i finding this so difficult??? 
why am i freezing?  it's not even *that* cold outside.
why am I going to fail exams... Well 1st I'm dumb, 2nd Im shopping when I should be at home studying. 
Why am I having so much trouble sleeping!?!? I hope @sophiegrus and @CharMund are comming over tomorrow 4 a girls night. Im miss you guys 
Why am I hungover...I wasn't even that drunk...uggggghhh and I have an exam tomorrow 
Why am I ill again  x
Why am I in the office on a holiday? Eh! for meetings of course.. 
why am i leaving brazil? 
Why am I letting this get to me so bad? 
Why am I limited to only being able to sync with 1 MS Exchange account on iPhone?  ... same goes for Outlook. Why can't I have more? Lame.
why am i looking forward to work?? lol weeeeird. but i have to wait til next fri to book my flight  lets hope prices dont jump!
why am i losing subscribers!?! 
Why am i never allowed to be awake anymore 
why am i not a happy drunk tonight 
why am i not asleep..i have to get up in 3 hours 
Why am I not at #reboot11 ?!?!?! 
Why am I not at Glastonbury? The hill is calling but no ticket 
why am i not feeling more relaxed about not going to summer school? 
Why am I not getting text alerts 
why am i not in dallas? 
Why am I not older? I wanna go to a party, but doesn't have anybody to take me there. 
Why am I not sleepy in the slightest? Gah, supposed to be up early tomorrow. 
why am i responsible for being like this. 
Why am i sitting in a sea of cars on the 163 right now!? 
Why am I so cooold ...I can't even type on my phone properly because my thumbs are so stiff from the coldness 
Why am I so happy.  Tests  http://tinyurl.com/o2s8bv
Why am I so scared of the rain  http://twitpic.com/7qan1
Why am I so shy and awkward? 
Why am I so sleepy again? 
why am I so tired, I only walked around and stayed up a little later... feel like an old lady 
Why am I so tired? I think I will just have to nap right now. Napping will stop me stressing about exam and new school, tomorrow. 
Why am i still at work 
why am i still awake? 
Why am I still awake?  I get frustrated playing the piano in the dead of night. 
why am i still awake?!!  just faffing around on the net.. way too hot to sleep 2mite.. 
Why am i still ill? 
Why am I still up? Oh wait. THANKS CHRIS.  THANKS A LOT.
why am I still up? oh yeah can't sleep not tired 
Why am I stuck inside on such a lovely day?  #DavidArchie
Why am I such a bitch? 
WHY AM I SUCH A LOSER?! loser laura.....it even sounds like its meant to be.... 
why am i such a neek?                 ps: im so hungry..as usual
Why am I such a wimp 
why am i such an insomniac can someone please explain...... ugh broke my no Asian rule last night. 
why am I the only one up, the net is soooooooooooo inactive atm 
Why am I the only person in America who is not home watching my boyfriend win all the MTV movie awards??   
why am i tired its not even midnight yet, and i didnt have dinner. well i did it was for lunch, so i didnt have lunch 
Why am I tormenting myself? 
why am i up 45 min before i have to be? 
why am i up at 6.30am? wtf, can't sleep anymore 
Why am I up so early on a sunday 
Why am I up so EARLY!! -- I am bored and have had that trantula song stuck in my head for the past HOUR!!  / www.StalkDaily.com/georg ...
why am i up so early? hungryy! breakfast time.. cant stop itching from poison ivy!! 
Why am I up so early? I got dragged to this at Victorias Secret  http://yfrog.com/5ao5vj
Why am i up so early? I want to go back to sleep 
Why am I up this early? Oh wait, I have to work for university... stupid stuff 
why am i up? i have to be up early tomorrow!! yuck 
why am i up? shitty day out + mixpod doesnt work on myspace anymore 
why am I watching jonas.....tell me why 
Why am I watching Nutty Madam's videos? 
Why am I watching the MTV Movie Awards? 
why am i wide awaaaaaaaaake 
Why am I wide awake on the one day I'm allowed to sleep in?? 
Why am I working on sunday? I think everybody should be in bed as long as possible! Including meeee!!! 
Why am I working tonight?! Too much music going on and I'm gonna miss it! 
why am tipsy at 1:30 in the afternoon. Thanks Theresa! Sad u r leaving 
Why Apple, why ? I wanted to pay, but you didn't let me do so. Now, I have no other choise but to ask TPB for it. 
why ar e@mcflymusic not going on tour ? its been 2 days since ive seen them and i miss them already 
Why are .at domains $50/year? 
Why are @bhish and @nathanielny think I'm with them? Assholes 
why are airline tickets so expensive for December?! 
WHY ARE ALL MY FRIENDS OUTSIDE SWEDISH BORDER?!!?! 
WHY ARE ALL MY FRiENDS SOMEWHERE CUFFiNG 
why are all strange men adding me on facebook   is it because i am listed as married there 
why are all the bloody pictures so hard to upload!! 
why are all the cool people either in school or in their beds 
why are all the primeval videos spanish on youtube 
Why are all the sales starting in the middle of the month?! Too far from last payday, and not close enough to the next one! 
Why are all the shops sold out of milk today? Went to 3 and they were completely out! Had to buy nasty longlife milk 
why are all these Twitter people taunting me telling me about Eddie Vedder tickets?  Ugh...want to go. 
WHY ARE BALLADS SO SAD 
Why are bitches riverdancing? I'm gonna throw up my krystals if they don't stop. 
why are channel nine playing repeats of ellen!!!! 
Why are chavs always sitting in the front of the train! I want to make it once 
Why are children SO cruel? 
why are folk ignoring me 
why are goodbyes so sad?  
Why are holidays from work so boring? i actually wanna go back to work! Ironing and dishes for the loose 
Why are I such a terrible person?  ugh.
Why are Indian kids such good spellers and African people such good runners?  I am a good speller but not a good runner...  
Why are kids' toys much better now when I'm too old to play with them? 
Why are korean movies so heartwrenchingly depressing? 
Why are most of my followers just linking to porn and scam websites? 
Why are motorway service stations so utterly depressing? Looks like a glass prison 
why are my amps expired? 
Why are my hands like peeling 
WHY ARE OUR SENATORS SO EMBARRASSING???  http://bit.ly/128rsG
why are people acting so weird lately? i want spaghetti 
why are people in crappy moods today 
why are people in the interwebs being so gosh darned mean this week?  if this persists, i'm gonna need a hug soon... 
Why are people so quick to blame someone else when they're at fault also? far out... So not cool.  At least I have the guts to say...
why are people such a mess? i mean really, I'm a mess and I know it but other people seem way more a mess 
WHY ARE PORN COMPANIES FOLLOWING ME ON TWITTER I AM NOT TRASH 
Why are Prom dresses so expensive! &amp; Why do they not have any nice ones 
Why are so many people playing this spymaster game? I keep seeing nasty tweets about assassination&amp; murder  May have to unfollow soon...
why are some people so unsupportive? 
Why are some ppl so small minded.... My hair hurts 
why are some things have to be so complicated when it shouldn't be??? 
why are sundays so uneventful?? 
Why are tampons so expensive at CVS? 
Why are tea pitcher things so hard to find?  I haven't seen any here, and I've only found this http://tiny.cc/vynk5 online.  Ugly.  
why are the &quot;children&quot; so loud???!! 
why are the day shift always later when I am really tired!!!! 
Why are the last recesses pieces in the bag always the best! And then there are no more... 
why are there creepy noises coming from outside my door? ugh not seeing a good peaceful sleep anytime in my future 
Why are there never enough seats? It makes me feel like there's not enough space for me too. 
why are there NO taco trucks in fremont??? 
Why are there so many Kenyan sevens supporters on twitter? I can't find anyone who supports Scotland 
Why are there so many work emergencies??? I should be in the lab right now.  
Why are there some people in for followers list that I am unable to block? 
WHY are they playing &quot;Sweet Caroline&quot; @ the METS game - again! NO WAY! 
WHY ARE U SO FAR AWAAAAAAY? 
why are u still calling even you know that I won't pick up the phone?? 
why are we all inside on this sunny day 
why are wisdom teeth so painful? 
why are you behaving like that??? $#%@!!! i dont like.... 
why are you do this 2 me!!!.. I don't caRE you? right.. I tought you we're with me 
Why are you leaving me Carol- Anne ? 
why are you so cute!!! 
why are zunes so confusing 
WHY AREN'T I AT COACHELLA?! I'll just watch my Roy Orbison bluray instead 
Why aren't I tired?  sleeeeep? apparently not.
Why aren't ludens cherry cough drops anywhere? I neeeeeed them 
why aren't my pictures on here working? 
Why aren't my texts going through?! 
Why aren't the #tasks on #spymaster working? This task #fail is frustrating 
Why aren't the results up, yet? They're supposed to have been published at 10pm CET  http://tr.im/nIOM #eu09 #eu09
Why aren't the vampires in true blood sparkly? 
why aren't u working for me twitter  
why aren't you online? 
why arnt they calling yet?? 
Why art supplies are so expensive?! 
Why can I find the small town I live in in the Weather widget on OSX, but not in the Weather.app on my iPod? 
Why can i just have what i want...cmon man!!  ha.
Why can I not remember my gpg password   I just made it yesterday, ugh!
why can i not text tweets from my phone? 
Why can it not be the person i want it to be? I dunno what to dooo 
Why can no one score a good score on my facebook quiz? 
Why can't a girl get Patriots-Falcons tickets without paying an arm and 2 legs 
Why can't a hot guy say I smell good 
Why can't all the good festivals be near my home!?!? 
why cant Australia get SNL?... so upset 
why cant celebrities 4low me? w@ iz it dat i dnt have? 
Why can't Excel 2003 handle more than 7 nested IF statements? 
why can't i add more than 2001 followers?? i like to follow everyone back who follows me but now i can't get past that # 
Why can't I b Lucky like you??? 
Why can't I bring myself to any revison tonight  http://myloc.me/3VCG
Why can't I change my profile pictures and themes here? 
WHY CAN'T I DANCE LIKE TURK?!   
Why can't I delete the icons for the Apple iPhone apps? The addition of voice memo means just another icon on my deadpool screen. 
Why can't I do what I am suppossed to do? 
WHY CANT I DRIVE YET!??!?!?!?!?! FUCKING PISSED OF MAN  .. i give up.
Why can't I ever get to sleep at normal hours anymore  sick I needa get better
Why cant i ever sleep? 
Why cant i feel anything from anyone other than you? 
why can't i find a yogurt shop in AZ that has carb/sugar free yogurt? i'm dyyyyying for my favorite guilt-free treat. sadface. 
why can't I find any decent fanfics? 
Why can't i find any jewellry for my dressssss? 
Why can't I find the creative vado hd in any Belfast shops? 
Why cant i fucking sleep like a normal person 
Why cant i get a custom twitter background 
why can't i get a float, i want a float 
why cant i get a photo on this 
Why can't I get any whitening products to work lately!  Grr.. my teeth look like they belong to a 90 year old   
Why can't I get any work done? Such nice weather... I should be in Glastonbury right now  Maybe next year.
why cant i get h4ckd OSX working ...  i think im going to need a macbook
Why cant i get on the new Tokio Hotel webpage? 
Why can't I go to bed at a normal time like a normal 
Why can't I go too sleep? Ugh! Lol 
why cant i gt on n vote !!!! its takin ages to load  !!!
why cant i have a matching dona cover to go with my bed sheets??? now its not gonna look as good as the picture on the package 
why can't I have a twitter application on my blackberry? 
Why can't I have my happy ending  god hates me
why cant i just stay asleep all night long....constantly waking up all night long 
Why can't I listen to Mark Morriss' version of Gouge Away anywhere? 
why cant i make eveyone happy?dunno y even when i try my hardest,there r bound to be ppl unhappy with things i say or do  boo..
Why can't I make myself study? I really need to make an A in this class but I'm just not motivated to study 
Why cant I meet them?  
WHY CANT I READ MY DIRECT MESSAGE?! 
why can't I say no to people? Poor lady at bank trying to flog me something and don't have the heart to tell her I don't want it 
why can't i sleep at 3am ?!! frick im going to be so tired for my midterm tmrw at 10 
Why can't I sleep in anymore?  
Why can't i sleep in anymore?!  excited for florida? I think so. :p
Why can't I sleep longer! How cruel is this world 
Why can't I sleep past 8:30 
Why can't I sleep! Ugh summer school tomorrow 
Why can't I sleep?  I fall asleep sitting up but as soon as I lay down I stare at the ceiling for half an hour 
why can't i sleep?  I have to wake up early tomorrow!
WHY CAN'T I SLEEP?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Why can't I still be lying on the beach in my trackies, with my beer, bowl of popcorn, and pile of trashy tabloids?  I hate Mondays!!
Why can't I stop thinking about you since yesterday?!  I thought it was just because it was your day.. BUT.... :'(
why can't i subscribe to NME in Australia? 
Why can't I tweet from my phone!? I can't figure it out!! 
WHY CANT I UPLOAD A PICTURE 
Why can't i upload that picture!  ohh twitter.
Why can't I use my phone to update twitter 
why can't i view my direct message inbox?! 
why cant I view privvate myspace profiles 
why can't indian food have the option to sub chicken for tofu 
why can't it already be the 3rd of june, I don't want to work 4 days b4 having 2 days off 
Why can't it be nice out? Stupid rain 
Why can't it be Saturday already 
Why cant it be summer again 
Why can't it just be nice out? 
Why can't last.fm radio understand &quot;sexy baritone&quot; tag? 
Why can't my days off school be sunny? 
why can't my kimkibum have twitter too, so that I can keep in touch with him. Gosh, I miss him badly. 
why cant my lifee be one big weekend ehh/...i dont get it 
Why cant normal people follow me instead of these slutty girls saying thier Horny! Sometimes people are just dumb 
why cant Norridge illinois be the next town to mine so i can go see @emokidisme whenever i wanted 
Why cant one person that i work with ever take a joke and have to ruin my day? 
Why can't someone buy me a plane ticket so I can visit somewhere new?   I'm sad now 
Why can't Sprinkles Cupcakes be closer to my house? 
why cant there be nascar monday-friday also... 
why cant u act like another motherly mom.. 
why cant ubertwitter authenticate me 
why cant videos be viewed all over the world 
Why can't water come from under the ground when we need it instead of falling from the sky? 
why cant we all just get along!? 
Why can't we have a 711 in idaho falls 
why cant we have a football tournament like EPL in India? 
Why can't we have BIG banners for the concert?  Hahaha. Oh well, here's to PLAN B.
why can't we have weekends for five days 
Why cant we yearJeans to work 
Why can't you love me like you did before? 
Why can't you see? You belong with me   
Why Cleveland Why? Besides the 2002 Ohio State Buckeyes my teams never get it done, and they all have had chances in my life time.   
Why couldn't @DavidArchie just have a concert in the Philippines while I was there?  I hope he visits Denmark too. Yey!
why couldn't I study something profitable in school, not something that I love and interests me...?  
why couldnt people sleep last night?? i slept fairly well...sorry you all did not 
Why did @BenMalcolmson, @rushmore08, @tracysuzanne and others go out without me 
why did amy lee have to leave evanescence   i hope she goes solo at least her voice is too amazing not to ..
why did Calvin Klein Underwear line drop Garret Neff and instead, tapped Jamie Dornan as the new male model that'll represent the brand? 
Why did God make post so painful????? Just when you think it's almost done..... you realize how wrong you were 
why did I  just scuff down the other half of my lasagne 
why did i agree to do an extra shift tomorrowww 
why did I agree to paint the studios tomorrow? hours of boredom and no food 
why did i agree to work a double shift     
why did i blow off my project to watch greys?? ahh im so screwed 
why did i buy so many books? 21 books to read 
Why did I decide to sleep from 6-9pm? Used up my whole evening 
why did I eat...again? 
Why did I ever start watching the OTTBs?  I just can't do it yet.    Somebody make me turn it OFF.
why did I get up at 8 when I HAD the opportunity to get up at 9am?  awwww
why did i go from 7 to 3 followers 
why did i go tonight !!!!!!!!!! should really know when to leave things 
Why did I have thirteen followers last night and now I only have 11 
why did i have to eat that sweet bread 
Why did I have to see his myspace.  *Ugh* memories.
why did i just drink 2 bottles of water in 15mins 
why did I just eat a red pepper for fun. no more dares please. mouth is still burning 
Why did I just get a meeting invitation for 12:30 and another one at 3:00...it's Friday 
why did i just get home drunk as fuck when i have work in under 4 hrs... 8-5 tomorrow is gonna be hell. 
why did I just wake up. It is way to early. 
Why did I leave my keys in my checked bagagge? Why is it also the only bagagge on the whole plane that didn't make it o Geneva today?!? 
Why did I look at the weather forecast? Heavy rain, heavy rain, heavy rain for the few days 
Why did I mistake Highsmith's &quot;The Heroine&quot; for Mary Higgins Clark's? I CANNOT trust myself any more! 
Why did I open the windows? 10 minutes later, HELL walked in ... 
Why did I stayed up past midnight when I had to come in for labwork at 7?  &lt;WYD?&gt;
Why did i volunteer to work overtime at 5AM? this is gonna be a long 6 hours...uggh  ~Ebony Chenene~
why did it have get so cold again?  not amused
Why did it separate my  face... GAY
Why did JB have to notice the camera when they were getting changed?? 
why did Kingston wind follow me home? 
Why did my back pain come back? Is it stress related?  and why am I choosing to freeze to death rather than closing the window?
Why did my dad give me $100 at the casino to leave him alone 
why did my mother wake me up i was having the best dream ever lol i literally want to cry right now 
why did my umbrella have to break i got soaked walk for the bus stp  Bad times
Why did Natasha Richardson die this year? That's still really sad to me 
why did no one tell me this - andrew bird is playing a concert next to my office the day after my birthday 
Why did nobody tell me that American Adventure closed down?! 
WHY did RBD spilt up best Mexican pop group every !!!!!  so random!!
why did Stavros Flatley not win 
Why did that last update take so long to register? Gay. 9 hour drive to FL... missin' Ivy &amp; Isolde - mostly Ivy. 
why did that mae you think of me..IM NO SLUT! @chantelYO 
Why did that scary song have to come on when i was getting out of the car! 
Why did the ATM swallow my card 
Why did the bank have to make an error?  I thought I had 700 euro.
Why did the computer have to be in the basement? It's so cold down here 
WHY did the only person who really cares about me leave to the army.  No one loves me anymore. I hate it.
Why did the sunny day have to turn cold and cloudy? So sad 
why did the ugly betty season finale have to end this way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    sad face
Why did the yankees lose?! 
Why did this munchkin throw my cell phone in the water now it doesn't work! Now I'm forced to get a new phone 
Why did today have to be so crappy? I had so many plans 
Why did Trump take over the WWE 
Why did work block VS ?  I have 4 swimsuits I can't wait to buy ...
Why did YouTube suspend the Jonas Brothers' acount ? What did they do wrong ? Was it the Single Ladies dance by Joe ? 
Why didn't anyone ring/text/email/instant mess to tell me evermore playing at state of origing game on telly - bastards!!!!!  
why didn't anyone tell me Johnny Depp was gonna have his movie premiere here today?! 
why didn't i know he was there as well??? o.O i'd love to see him again... 
Why didn't my bus come?!  oh well going to see the hangover tonight after I get home
Why didn't they invite me 2 kingss dominion??? 
why didnt u think of the swimming pool idea 5 years ago dear madam? 
why didn't ya'll tell me there was bacon in this pasta salad?!? that's just wrong  
Why didnt you come 
Why do all antacids taste like minty dust &amp; chalk mixed with manure?  My mouth tastes like a stable floor in a spearmint field  Bleah.
WHy do all of the hot guys have to be so old? Drew Roy is like 23  Damn.
Why do all the hood guys hit on me..and by hood I mean, grillz and brides??  daaaamn you all!! should I be hood?? ;D siiiiike!!
why do all the hot guys live in adelaide. 
Why do all TV shows have to end during the summer???? 
Why do books build you up so high just to drop you in a climax worth a few editing jobs. 
why do both of my best friends have to be shitty simultaneously?  Can u at least take turns hurting my feelings? jerks..    going 2 sleep.
Why do cartilage peircings take so long to heal, painful times 
why do computers HATE me ? 
Why do doctors give you appts then never take you on time 
Why do dreams have to end? I was flying. 
why do dudes always have to try and get sleazy  go away  i hate these situations
why do guys have to be such jerks alllll the time. it makes me sad 
WHY DO GUYS PLAY SO MANY GAMES!!! 
Why do I always can sleep when I have to get up for work???? That's not fair 
Why do I always end up feeling poorly when its late at night and when I have school in the morning?!? 
why do i always fall for the wrong people? 
why do I always feel lazy &amp; unmotivated on the days when I need to get up and do things? 
Why do i always feel sleepy on my way to or when im @ work but perfectly fine once im home? Lol i want to sleeeeep 
why do I always feel uncomfortable when there's a gay couple on tv in the company of my mum and dad? 
Why do I always find out about things too late? It's not fair. 
Why do I always get bad luck? 
Why do I always get my heart involved...When will I learn? 
Why do I always get the room that gets very hot from 8 am - 1pm? 
Why do i always go after girls that have boyfriends??  
Why do I always have a headache? 
Why do I always let dumb things bother me that obviously are going to upset people I care about? I feel so stupid. 
Why do I always miss his calls 
why do i always neglect twitter 
why do I always read comments on things that I like even though I know most are inevitably going to end up being negative 
Why do I always seem to get stuck in the downpours! 
Why do I always wait till the last minute? Now I gots to shop for a gift AND write my papers. ugg. 
Why do i always wake up so early? Even when i go to sleep late 
Why do I continue to bitting my lip in the same spot over and over again... it hurts!  
Why do I do this to myself? I need a decent sleep at least one night a week, but I am going to be up at 9 to go to a wedding 
Why do i do this?... 
why do i even bother calling him? stupid me 
why do i even bother sometimes  
Why do I even bother? I'm so sick of trying to make an effort when you don't even fucking care 
why do i even update this. no one even @'s me or whatever. 
why do i exactly start feeling hungry the moment i decide not to order lunch and others have already placed there orders 
why do I expect kids to help 
why do i fall in love so easy....God i hope i'm wrong cause this just isn't right...  |&lt;ay-|3ee
Why do I feel everything is soo boring! 
Why do I feel guilty for going to the bathroom? 
Why do I feel ignored tonight? 
Why do I feel like I want to cry? 
Why do i feel like the bad guy 
why do i feel sick and gutted i didn't get my tshirt 
Why do i feel so knackered all the time 
why do I feel so lonely today? No friends around 
Why do i feel so out of control 
Why do I feel so sick? 
why do I feel weird? I want to eat more food but I also wish my dad was home. 
Why do I fiddle???? I've just broken the shift key on my laptop 
why do i fuck everything up? 
Why do I get a really strong feeling that my pre-ordered 3G S from the Carphone Warehouse won't arrive on Friday 
Why do i get all the bad luck 
Why do I get my hopes up so high? It always crashes and burns in the end. 
Why do I get sick when I'm off school 
Why do i get so nervous? 
Why do I get so tired so easily? Lately, I'll sleep well, then wake up, feeling awake, but a few hours later, I feel like sleeping again. 
why do i get the feeling the world and the people in it hate me 
why do i get the hicups everytime i eat? 
Why do I get up at 7 a.m. on Sunday...when I have nothing to do 
Why do I get up in the early morning on a sunday to go work out? O right, I don't want to miss Formula1 
Why do i get up soooooooo late  i dont meen toooo! x
Why do i have a girlfriend when it does not seem like that I do... 
Why do I have people in my twitter stream that I have unfollowed?  Clicking on their name brings up a page with a follow button 
Why do I have pure nightmares. 
why do i have rebecca telling me you are picking chicks up ? 
why do i have sir mix a lot stuck in my head? 
Why do I have the feeling I should be packing and hitting for SFO around this time of the year? I think I'm missing something... 
why do i have these days?  and i miss you!!!
why do i have this pack of doube A batteries when everything i own runs on triple A 
Why do I have to be allergic to fruit!?  Those plums smell so good. 
why do i have to be at the bloodly caravan while its raining and the sky box isnt getting any signal and i cant see @jonasbrothers now 
Why do I have to be scottish it's always so wet here 
why do i have to be sick durin summer !! dats wat skool days are for  lol
why do i have to be so hungry and surrounded by food that looks so delicious 
Why do I have to disappoint everyone 
Why Do i have to Fricking Complicate things all the Fricking Time 
why do i have to go back to work today 
why do i have to go to work?  I want to bust ghosts! 
Why do I have to look like a TEENAGER today??! 
Why do i have to over think everything it only means more disappointent 
Why do I have to pay $9.95 to download OS 3 on my Itouch when I already payed 300 bucks to buy it and 20 bucks to download OS 2. 
Why do I have to wear mittens in June? Oh, Denmark 
why do i have to work again??? and all day too. 
Why do i have to work this early on a sunday? 
Why do I have to work today?!!?! I hate working on the weekend 
Why do I have work right now ?! 
Why do I hve 2 work on Wednesday  BA is offering 1hotel nights stay and $800,-- if I can fly 2morrow!!!! ARGH!!!!!
why do I keep eating ramen at night? Not good for the eyes in the morning. 
why do i keep having these fucked up, realistc dreams about brett &amp; i?  they're really messing with me.
why do i keep picking up the phone to call my best friend, when i KNOW i dont have one to call? 
why do i keep running from d truth...all i ever think about is u... -- hw about u?u may not seem 2 bother ...whats goin on??? 
Why do I keep screwing up?  so stupid.
Why do I keep studying? I'm really not that good at it 
Why do I keep worrying?? 
why do i leave the laundry till the last day of the long weekend? better get it over with..... 
why do i let my heart always get carried away? 
why do i love food so much? 
Why do I make myself feel like this? 
Why do I miss everything...including earthquakes 
Why do i never get to see my paychecks? It's not fair, the second i get them they're gone! 
why do i not have any luck when i buy little miss/mr men capsules  I WANT MR BUMP!
Why do I seem to get more sleep in this place then home    L: work - http://mobypicture.com/?duzy3i
Why do I seem to have &quot;homework&quot; to do every weekend? That's like working 24/7... 
Why do I seem to spend my evenings playing with loathsome spreadsheets?  
Why do I stay up all night? I.m flippen tired but I can.t go to sleep 
Why do I suffer from migraines? And on my wedding shower  gonna sleep it off.
why do i talk about people so loudly 
why do i wake up at 5am everyday....i only had 4 hours sleep last night &amp; ive been soo busy today &amp; still lots to do. I just wanna sleep! 
why do i wake up at 7 oclock in vegas? also, details of the middle of my day are missing 
why do i wake up at these times now  damn construction getting me in a routine...
why do i wake up before i need to? i have 30 min left but i just couldnt let myself rest....no dreams btw 
Why do i wake up so early in every weekend  ?
Why do I walk so dam fast....I am 30 mins early for the bus.... 
Why do I watch ghost whisperer?? Bawling now 
why do industrial hole punchers leave scorch marks on the holes they punch? wikipedia and howstuffworks don't have answers 
Why do kids have more of a right to be on the swings compared to people my age!? 
Why do linen trousers turn into clowne trousers half way through the day?? 
Why do men have to be sooo damn stubborn and difficult? I hate that about them... 
Why do movies on demand on TV always have to be fullscreen.. 
Why do my brother and sister make fun of me when i use big words and complex sentences? 
Why do my eyeballs feel like meat? 
why do my followers keep ditching me? am i that boring? im sad now. 
Why do my friends keep dying? What the hell God?  
why do my parents make shit so hard, i can't go to the park 
why do my strings keep breaking!!!!???? 
Why do old men love me at bars!?!?!?! 
Why do only two of my friends have twitter! on monday ill try to convince my Mates. No more hols then 
why do passport photo make me look extremly fat always... 
Why do peep toe shoes hurt so bad 
Why do people always misunderstood me 
why do people always point at others instead of apologizing for their own mistakes 
Why do people call at 7am to wish you a Happy Mother's Day? 3 people all in a row. Nice gesture but now I can't get back to sleep 
Why do people get expelled for ALL the wrong reasons ... a STRONG but TRUE phrase in my case. My heart goes out to you brother. 
Why do people have 2 be so deceitful and unreal?  But my love for Steve Jones and Channing Tatum has been renewed lol...their soo nice 
Why do people insist on shaking badly dressed booty on MTV/BET instead of doing some real dancing requiring skill and improvmusicality 
why do people insist on talking about the stupid prom. IM NOT INTERESTED. and i cant be dealing with people who cancel plans last minute! 
Why do people like to call me when its 2am. Now i can't sleep, and i have to get up early 
Why do people put you're hopes up and tell you that you're the right person. And then say 'no'? 
why do people result ot alcohol- its rather PATHETIC 
Why do people sleep in the library and snore 
Why do people think that I'm making them to feel isolated?  Why... if people are turning against me, fine...
Why do people who have no relevance to me follow me? Do I block? That seems rude.. Do I ignore? That's rude too! Too many silly updates 
why do people write *sad face* i mean you just have to  that is a sad face. putting it in these * * things dont make it a face
Why do ppl I know have to move in apts I wanna be in! When I'm stuck at home saving money 
why do ppl ignore me?! esp when I need them most??!  
Why do relationships have to be so hard? 
why do relationships need to be so complicated. 
Why do roaches exist 
why do sad songs have to be so appealing to me right now. Maybe because SUMMER'S ABOUT TO BE OVER. That makes me sad. 
Why do schools always give you loads of homework when you have exams to be revising for!! It is so annoying 
why do so many people smell like dead kittens 
why do the closed captions pop on randomly?! it makes me miss home 
Why do the cutest shoes all have 4inch hells!??!! I hate being so tall! 
why do the mice torture me?  
Why do the people with awful wind always sit next to me on the train?  dirty man!
why do the things have to change ? 
Why do there have to be so many insurances and taxes for home owners?!?! 
WHY DO THEY HAVE LABS THIS EARLY?! I just want to sleep. 
Why do they keep it so d*mned COLD in every single restaurant? Even with a sweater I always freeze 
why do they make healthy food so expensive? I want to eat sugar snap peas everyday almost, but each bag is almost 3 bucks!  grrrr....
why do things have to be like this?? 
Why do things have to be so hard? I wish things were so simple and no wrong happened.... 
Why do things increase in price after adding them to my @ebuyerdotcom catalogue?  Was Â£200 for *years*, now up to Â£240 
why do things suck  just everything 
Why do u need a Board to control stock exchange movement? Y o God Y???   And y do i have to read abt it? Y o God y???    
Why do u push me away? 
Why do we even have to take finals? 
why do we gets all these twables dms?  We don't wants to hurts feelings, but they's taking up our inbox 
Why do we have to leave the house at 7:40 when church starts at 10!?! Still trying to figure that one out! 
Why do we have to work? 
Why do we need to make doctor's appointments when you never get seen on time delegated anyway  
why do we study the latter ones?! 
Why do weddings on TV make me cry? Is it just my inner desire to be eternally happy and start the rest of my life?? 
Why do weekends have to pass by so fast ? 
Why do you always fall for the ones you carnt have. Is 22 to old if you 17 lmaoo? Help meeeee 
Why do you always think me in that way?! I hate that 
why do you come across my mind still? you're so mean i want to hate you. but i can't 
Why do you have to be in pennsylvaniaaa. 
Why do you have to be so busy, daddy 
why does  everyone spell my name as wernsheRn 
Why does #Twitter still say &quot;from web,&quot; when I'm tweeting from #Snaptu? I suffer from #OCD. Things like that bother me. 
Why does @donniewahlberg always get me teary eyed? I swear, he can fix anything with words. I miss him. 
Why does 3.0 get released while I'm stuck at work?   Should of brought my laptop in.
Why does an afternoon cup of coffee make me sleepy? 
Why does analogue channel 10 have to show a delayed telecast of the F1? I forgot it actually starts earlier and have missed first 10 laps 
Why does Apple UK say iPhone 3.0 is available, when iTunes says my iPhone (2.2.1)  is on the latest update. 
Why does Australia have to be 16,000km away  *is in blues mode*
Why does cheesecake have to be fatting?. 
Why does cipro make me want to puke? 
Why does drupal's search suck so hard, and why does command-line access to a hosted server cost so much? I want sphinx, or at least solr! 
why does every band i &lt;3 evolve into bands that i dont &lt;3  bullet for my valentine, underoath, avenged 7x, in flames, and now alexisonfire
why does everybody sleep right now? i'm so lonley im Mrs. lonley i have nobodyy to tallk  haha
why does everyone at my lab office steal my pens... i'm almost penless 
why does everyone else have like no exams where mine end tuesday?  
Why does everyone feel that twitter is boring?  I am so going to change their mindset. HAHA.
Why does everyone hate me? 
Why does everyone have the sims 3 already ? soo unfair. 
why does everyone lose it when it rains here, 6 car pileup on I-5S near del mar  #stupidcali
Why does everyone mistake me for a school kid!  am in a bloody medical college! Gonna b a doc in a few years!
Why does everyone text me when I'm asleep? 
why does everything electrical hate me? 
Why does everything end at once; Prison Break, 24, Dirty Sexy Money, BGT. Boohoo 
Why does everything have to be scheduled for so early in the morning???   
Why does Fly With Me give me goosebumps everytime? 
why does gas prices keep going up? it jumped like 20 cents in the last week. 
Why does hardly anyone have twitter 
Why does he get upset for.  am i doing anything wrong =/
why does he keep doing this to me? one second he seems better, the next he's sick again  baby get well please 
Why Does He Love Her &amp; Not Me? 
why does he think im nasty! WHY WHY WHY!  im broken hearted lmao
why does iona have nicer computers than pace 
Why does is always rain on scotland? 
Why does it always rain in England? 
Why does it always rain on a Tuesday when we play tennis? 
Why does it always smell like death and cat food on my floor? 
Why does it feel like everyone went/is going to korea except for me?  hmph.
why does it happen again?? 
why does it have 2 end so soon 
Why does it have to be cloudy! 
why does it have to be cold? why do i have to be awake??  oh well Good morning all
Why does it have to be monday already    *tantrum*
Why does it have to be Monday? 
Why does it have to be so cold?  I think its time to get my gloves out, if I can find them!
Why does it have to be so damn cold 
why does it have to be so freaking hot out side....it sucks to work in 
Why does it have to be so hot out? My car doesn't have AC 
why does it have to be so rainy 
why does it have to rain again all week!  blerg balls
Why does it have to rain at night when we sleep?  
Why does it have to rain on my day off  ... this is stay in bed all day weather
Why does it have to rain so? Makes for a crappy father's day 
Why does it have to rain?! Good week of sun. Now rain 
why does it have to rain?? got a job interview at 3 and im gonna get soaked walking there! 
Why does it hurt so much? 
why does it hurt to itch sunburnnn  and why can't i sleeeep 
Why does it matter who marries who as long as youre happy....i find it so wrong to say ok u two can marry but you cant 
Why does it say I have 28 followers when I only count 23? I hate that, I think there are more people out there that care what I say. 
why does it seem to rain on the weekends  
Why does it take a minute to say hello and forever to say goodbye? Starting to pack up 
Why does it take so long to back my Iphone  up? When I just did it lasted night 
Why does iTunes keep saying my network has been reset?!?!?!?! GAH!!!!! 
Why does Johnny Cash singing Hurt reduce me to a sobbing mess, everytime I hear it? 
why does keeping trim have to be so bloody long/hard/penis-like. 
why does larry king have to be on the same time as sytycd?  what to watccccch?
why does letgetthis say it accepts paypal but doesnt link you? poopie heads 
Why does life have to be so hard? 
Why does life suck so much?! everything has just become so messed up 
why does Magic Bullet crash on me every time I try to apply a look? iMac freezes and then the video goes all screwy.. 
Why does Minja hate me 
Why does monday come so soon???I want Sunday to repeat itself... 
Why does Monday have to come so quickly? 
Why does my 3.0 software download keep bugging out when I get over 65% 
why does my body decide NOW is a good time to wake up every morning at 8?! Maybe Dean will wait for me in my dreams... 
Why does my child whinge so much 
Why does my computer hate me 
WHY DOES MY COMPUTER HATE ME SO MUCH?! Internet keeps dying/freezing 
why does my computer hate me? 
why does my dad have to be such a douche'? 
why does my head hurt so much? 
Why does my heart hurt 
why does my housemate think it's a good idea to mop the kitchen floor at lunchtime? im starving dammit and can't get to the kitchen 
WHY DOES MY LIFE SUCK SO MUCH? hahahah  time for a change.
Why does my local shop never sell anything I want?  There goes my awesome fathers day idea 
Why does my power go out once a week? I'm sitting in the dark again. 
why does my throat hurt? .. why can't i ever go to sleep before 4AM? 
Why does my tummy hurt 
Why does my tummy hurt? 
Why does my wet suit fit like the incredibles??  I feel so vulnerable wearing it 
Why does no one carry a black full suspension 9 speed Downtube folding bike? 
Why does no where have job vacancies! Grr! I need a job! 
Why does nobody make a decent iPhone remote for EyeTV 
Why does no-one ever comment on my blog?! I know people read it, and it's so pretty  http://436ff.tk
Why does no-one tweet at/ follow me?  I'm starting to feel left out now! :'(
why does nothing good happen to me 
Why does one college institution exists without a system!?! I'm pretty much disappointed! 
Why does play.com have NO fucking T-shirts in stock that are my size!?!?!? 
Why does printing off photo's have to take up so much damn ink  Glad I don't have one of those printers that need 4+ more cartridges!
why does rain happen? i hate it. I want to be at a pool or at a golf course 
why does safari crash so often  #apple #safari
Why does school take over your life so much you don't get sleep anymore  .. I am still doing school work and have more to do as well
why does she have to die  poor man. 
Why does she treat me the way she does? 
why does sleep seem to be only a dream...i want to sleep so bad but i  cant. work in the morning is going to be painful 
why does so much of work have to come up only when theres no time 
Why does someone in the family always seem to get sick before a big weekend?  Eric and I have a cold now.  
why does TCA keep telling me i'm unable to vote 
Why does the &quot;Vegas&quot; tour and Siren's Eye's show at the Knitting Factory  both have to be on Saturday night?? 
Why does the asian guy always have to die 
Why does the best chicken in town have to have a line literally out the door (for which I am willing to wait) at 9pm on a Sunday night? 
Why does the iPod touch think I'm in bay at louis? Why won't it detect my ACTUAL location? Stupid thing 
why does the kink meme not update their prompt list anymore? 
why does the postman come at 9am on the weekends and not til so late in the week??????? grrrrrrr he woke me up 
Why does the prettiest girl here have 2 be a pot head? 
why does the radio fail so hard? my cig lighter broke in my car so i cant use my ipod transmitter 
why does the rain fall when you don't need it to? 
why does the rain have to wait until it's just about time to walk home? 
why does the reality of certain things always hurt so bad??. 
Why does the sun hafta rise so friggin earrlyy 
why does the sun make me itch? 
Why does the weather get worse at the weekend 
Why does the weather have to be so bad? I wanted a BBQ. 
Why does the weekend always get followed by a bloody workday 
Why does the weekend go by so fast? 
Why does the weekend go soooo quickly? 
why does this always happen? my computer isnt reading my IPod any more 
why does this seem to always happen, i have shit luck 
Why does tickets to family force 5 concerts gotta be so expensive. Why cant it be the same price like the AP tour. 
Why does time pass by so fast? 
why does treating someone else like a child make some people feel so big?  
Why does Tweetdeck hate me?  I did the update like it wanted! What more can I do for you, Tweetdeck?!
why does tweetdeck prepend urls with &quot;event&quot;? it's making textmate try to open links 
why does twitter hate me so and wont let my new pic be shown? 
Why does UCF hate me? 
Why does Walt Disney insist on making me cry? Oh, Bambi. 
why does zero have to have thomas in it? 
Why does zootycoon 2 keeps crashing on me  It might be a hint for me to buy it instead of using a downloaded version!
why doesnt anyone @reply me anymore??!! 
Why doesn't anyone answer my tweets i send out  GRRRRR
why doesn't anyone believe me when I say the missing passengers from the Air France flight are on THE island... 
why doesnt anyone ever miss me 
Why doesn't anyone ever text me...... 
Why doesn't anyone make a MANUAL transmission anymore? Jesus christ. 
Why doesn't anything ever work out for me? Why does everything SUCK?!!!! Ughhhhh!!!!!  Painting my nails, then BED!
why doesn't celina want a twitter?  ))
Why doesn't csuf have any good electives! Ahhhhh 
Why doesn't Facebook work properly on Opera? 
why doesn't family channel have &quot;Jonas&quot;...?? 
why doesnt it feel like summer yettt! 
Why doesnt it feel like summer? 
Why doesn't it say my update is from twitterberry? 
Why doesn't my Limewire work? 
Why doesn't she love me ?  (via #zenjar )
why doesn't the new exchange Server want to work like I will? 
Why doesn't T-SQL's LIKE operator take regular expressions?? 
why doesnt twitter let me add a picture 
Why don't #hashtags show on tweetdeck 
Why don't any bit.y.url sites work?? They are always &quot;not found&quot; for me 
Why dont any of my friends in LA golf 
why dont anyone love me ? 
Why dont Girls Aloud have twitter 
Why dont guys understand?? Its not that complicated! 
why don't i ever have good sundays?? 
Why don't I get Anne Hathaway? 
Why don't I get swagcodes_com updates? 
why don't i get the hot teacher for competitive effectiveness?  a
Why don't i have a damn preview invite yet... Google Wave is shaping up like another GrandCentral/Google Voice. No delivery/USA Only 
Why don't I have a garden yet 
why dont mcfly do signings near hartlepool... its not fair 
WHY don't my VINs match?  
why don't no 1 look at my pic   i not twittering for a long time 
why dont parents ever believe you when things really arent ur fault? 
Why don't people ever share popcorn 
Why don't people keep promises from three years ago? It doesn't matter how long ago it was. I was counting on it. 
why don't people text baaaack? 
Why don't stores sell toy guns anymore? 
Why don't the famous reply?? ARE YOU TOO FAMOUS??  lol
why dont the people i follow show up on my little bar thing in those little boxes? 
Why don't these ppl ever feed me 
why don't they ever give Little Shop of Horrors or Honey I Shrunk the Kids?? I love them movies, but never see them 
Why don't they have a GoodReads app for the iPhone?  
why don't they take us to that Disco club .... I want to go and watch what they do after going OUT   #PakCricket
Why don't things open early so I can get stuff done? 
Why don't we close the library due to the great weather?  And the ac isn't working  #fb
Why don't we have 3G in St. Augustine, fl? EDGE is killing me after being on 3G for my south Florida trip. 
Why don't we have a Laser Tag game in Melbourne? Boo. 
Why don't we have milk for these Oreos? 
why don't we have National Doughnut day  i want a krispy kreme!
Why don't we talk anymore 
Why essays 
Why even bother with medical benefits when most of the time you're not entitled to use them when you need them the most 
why everybody booed up but me..its lonely being single 
why everybody hate winter?  the winter is so cool  ajajaj x)
why everyone speaks in English in here??  it's kind of... um...........................  well i don't know what to say 
why fathers day 
Why Finland has best education. Economist article at www.tr.im/topclass -Apologies for Monsanto ad in link  
Why good morning sun ... I didn't want to be awake to see you rise ! Fuckk  its 430 still no sleep
Why hadn't to tell me that earlier?  I would do anything to see the &quot;cute&quot; dog again 
Why has #twidroid stopped linking @ replies? Grrr!!  I love that functionality
why has e4 put friends on instead of my name is earl? 
why has everyone only got 2 exams left yet i still have 4 ?! gaaaah no fair! 
Why has Google removed the ability to search for Public calendars from the Gcal? It was a cool feature. I need a french open iCal link... 
why has hotmail been sucking so much lately? 
why has noone packaged acpi-eeepc-generic for #opensuse yet? i dont have time to do it 
why has the E4 channel changed its schedule? i miss scrubs 
why has the sun gone? its pissing down today 
Why has the weather been so gray this weekend?  #fb
why has the weather turned like it has i cnt beleive it 
WHY HAS TRISH DISSAPEARED ON FACEBOOK ?!?! O: IM SCARED 
Why has Tweetdeck got rid of the 'in reply to' function? Or has it just moved? It was a great way to find random threads of convo 
Why hasn't my R4 card arrived   Hmph.
why hasn't stephen fry replyed to me 
why have 3 people stopped following me  is it something I said??
Why have all the hot chicks got mega attitude issues? Stupid perth girls...I failed again 
Why have people been rating down my new video? http://i41.tinypic.com/259jzwo.png 
Why have people forsaken ICQ?    This makes me sad in the pants...
why haven't i gotten a call back from SITEL? I fee like a retard caring my Juke with me everywhere! 
Why haven't I had the time to charge my Blackberry lately? 
WHY HAVEN'T YOU!!!!!!!.......nevermind. 
why He always makes me curious????  i hope we'll meet soon.i love u baby..
Why hello there twitter...its just gone 2am and I can't sleep cause this bed is as hard as a rock 
why hello there, house. I will not be leaving you for the rest of the night 
why hello tweet friends...how i have been neglecting you due to sickness 
Why i am watching a documentary on hippos? no idea 
Why I cannot order Char Kway Teow without Kway Teow and just Hokkien Mee with many 'hams'??? 
Why I can't change my background image?? 
Why I can't change my picture  ?
why I can't load a foto 
why i don't find a Billy bob thornton look alike ? 
why i hate The Da Vinci Code...
Why I keep getting &quot;porno&quot; followers, had to block a couple yesterday 
why i lose my followers????? not in the mood today 
Why I woke up so early  now I'm tired
why i'm thinkin about you? ahhhh 
WHY IN THE PHILIPINES IS ALWAYS RAINING 
Why in the world are all tweets now saying &quot;from web&quot; even if it was from my app? I love Tweetie. It should say from Tweetie! 
why in the world did he sent me pictures of &quot;Katrina Kaif &quot;  - dont they have anything better to do .. 
why in the world did i kick my boyfriend's butt? 
Why in the world do I keep losing followers?! Please don't unfollow me !  I used to have 106... now I only have 103! (
Why in the world is it that no matter what time I got to bed I can never sleep past 9am. 
why is @alertthingy not working? 
Why is @misshxoxo not looking forward to the weekend? Why so sad?  can I help you feel better?????????
why is @trapzx missing in action again? 
Why is a good sprite sheet on the Web so so hard to find? 
why is age of empires being so mean to me 
why is aim blocked  i have two hours in computer class with shanny. So basicly we'll get two hours of tweeting done.
Why is Ali still at work?  I miss my bud.
why is apple taking SO long to release 3.0 
why is belfast always left out 
why is best week ever still on vh1? and why am i even watching it? it's gotten lame. 
Why is boxing on the channel that says the BBall game should be on!?! FECK 
why is Ch 5 boring people on Fri nights??there's practically NOTHING on tv  - http://tweet.sg
Why is Changes by 2Pac not on iTunes? Boo 
Why is charleston so boring? i wish we had summerfest 
Why is college work so depressing?! I want to cry 
why is dojo not using JSDoc?  =&gt; No code completion in spket editor
Why is England so cold! 
Why is every lockable postgrad desk not available until next year? *head thumps on desk, ever so ungently* 
Why is every one watching #Conan and not me? Darn you bed time. I'm such a kid 
Why is every song I'm hearing on the radio right now making me want to cry? They all relate to me somehow! 
why is everybody asleep 
WHY IS EVERYBODY HAVING STRONGBOW 
why is everybody so sad,lonely,depressed tonight? im fucking hyper..you guys are bringin me down....seriously *stops the underwear dance* 
Why is everyone being so mean about Phillip, poor bastard 
Why is everyone busyyyy? 
why is everyone complaining thier 2mbps internet connection is too slow....i get a fraction of that cos of where i live 
Why is everyone except me seeing Drag Me To Hell? No fair. 
Why is everyone getting their dresses so early?? 
why is everyone going to sleep!?.....  i woke up at 5pm today....fml
Why is everyone hating on me today  ...
Why is everyone having so much fun without me? 
why is everyone i know with the person that they love...but me? 
why is everyone leaving me out? i feel so alone 
Why is everyone offline on twitter? 
WHY IS EVERYONE SLEEEPING 
why is everyone so beefy tonight...my neighbors are fighting and it's making me sad 
Why is everyone watching F1 but me  I'm stuck watching parent trap... Oh the joy!
Why is everythign turning bad now? 
Why is EVERYTHING funny to drunken frat guys, and in need of mega-loud laughter??? 
Why is everything in SF? 
Why is everything so complicated.. 
Why is everything so painful 
why is everyting soooo slow this morning  no sense of urgency!
WHY IS FACEBOOK SCREWING ME OVER?! I just wanna check my messages  lol
Why is firefox crashing like hell in Windows 7!! 
why is flickr looking all weird? looking at double exposure film photos. i want a film camera. someone make it happen? 
Why is getting to sleep so hard ...  
Why is goodnight a trending topic 
Why is he sad? I'm just being supportive to him. 
why is is so hard to change your picture on here? 
WHY IS IT  SO COLD TODAY? 
Why is it .... that no matter how many attempts you take at taking a passport photo .... they never turn out looking good 
Why is it almost 10pm??? WHERE THE HECK DID THE DAY GO??? This ain't fair 
why is it always nice and warm when i have to work 
Why is it always when I'm awake eveyone else is asleep?  need talkage, it's not even midnight yet. 
Why is it bad to eat before going to bed?  I'm always hungry at around this time.  
why is it busy all of a sudden?  i'm trying to eat peopleeeeeeeee
Why is it cloudy?  I shouldn't complain, nobody wants a sunny day to research!
why is it cold again? I'm not wearing enough layers! 
why is it dat evrytime i convince myself dat im over u &amp; i dnt need u, u do somthng totally adorble &amp; sweet..&amp; i fall 4 u ALL OVER AGAIN 
Why is it hot in herrrre all of a sudden? 
Why is it I don't mind loading the dishwasher but I bloody hate having to unload &amp; put the stuff away 
Why is it I voluntarily chose to live in the allergy capitol of the world?  Stupid mold 
Why is it icky and cloudy? 
Why is it like 90 something degrees outside and i am freezing 
Why is it Monday tomorrow? 
why is it morning already? 
WHY IS IT NOT 8 
why is it only wednesday? 
Why is it raining @Jesus?? I need to move furniture and boxes today 
why is it raining cats and dogs today of all days?! That ruins all my plans for today.   Time to work out a plan B
Why is it raining sooooo much this is Miami  I think I need a boyfriend any suggestions ? http://twurl.nl/6fu24u
Why is it raining!!!!! 
Why is it raining!? 
why is it raining?? 
Why is it rainingggg??? We have officially fucked up the earthhh 
why is it so busy today at work...stressssed kinda  cant wait to release that frustration at the gym!! weights start tonight :/
Why is it so cloudy in almost June??? It's california, it's nvr cloudy 
why is it so cold- i miss the sun 
Why is it so cold on the first day of summer? I'm freezing.. 
why is it so cold outside?? i wanna be able to go swimming 
Why is it so cold! I was just Delaware yesterday and it was beautiful!  Boo New York!
why is it so cold?  my old lady knees do not like this jazz
why is it so cold? I need my paddington bear duffel coat 
why is it so damn hard to find a summer job!! 
why is it so difficult putting games on my blackjack foneee??? ughhh so annoying 
why is it so freaking hot out during the day, but no sun?! i want to tan 
why is it so fucking cold ??! 
Why is it so gloomy out?  I woke up in such a good mood and its gloomy out! Ugh!
Why is it so god damn hot? 
why is it so gross out 
Why is it so hard to find a decently priced tailcoat on ebay????!! 
why is it so hard to find a simple icon? 
Why is it so hard to find good vendors in el paso for a wedding??? And the bridal show isn't til next yr a month before my date 
WHY IS IT SO HARD TO GET ALL MY FILES FROM MY IPOD TO MY NEW LAPTOP? 
Why is it so hot?? 
Why is it so ickky out!!! 
Why is it so much harder to get out of bed in winter. Stupid warm snuggly bed n cold icky outside! 
why is it so nice outside  the gods of uni work put it there to distract me. dam them!!!
Why is it soooo cold outside 
Why is it soooo shittyyy out 
Why is it soooooo cold outside its june 
Why is it sprinkling? 
why is it that busses run ledd on sunday.wouldnt everyone need transportation no matter what day of the week it is...wish my bike worked 
why is it that even when I get woken up early, I'm still not in time for macdonalds breakfast. 
Why is it that every time I say i'm going to start eating better and lose weight, I eat something totally bad to screw it up? 
why is it that every time I'm typing a e-mail or some other private message, dad wants the comp? please let me finish my message first. 
why is it that everytime i'm going home from work, it starts to rain.. 
Why is it that he so easily disappoints me time and time again? he never changes.  
why is it that i always get scheduled till five thirty when i have SUCH exciting things planned. Ugh.  
Why is it that I love all the things I shouldn't? It's very unhealthy. It's going to be the death of me one day 
Why is it that i've been angry with the person i love the most? 
Why is it that only 8 people follow me when my friends get like 20???!!! 
Why is it that some of the guys everyone thought were so amazing in high school are so whack now  Lol
Why is it that someday you look nearly good and the next day you look totally fucked up? Today is the next day 
Why is it that the days I bring an umbrella it never rains, and when I forget one I get soaked?!  
why is it that the ones who you love the most always hurt you bad 
why is it that there's never anything to eat here? i don't want anymore hotdogs! so hungry 
why is it that things which i love to happen only happens to the people that dont even care about it! man it suuuccckkkss 
Why is it that we don't always recognize the moment love begins, but we always recognize the moment it ends?    i have alyssa(:
why is it that when i'm happy, that happy thing is always been taken away from me 
Why is it that when I'm really in the mood to rp everyone dies on me?  
Why is it that when u are always there when a person needs u but when it comes 2 u that person puts u last n u got his kids 
Why is it that whenever I insert a Windows install disk I tense myself to duck? 
Why is it that while you are sick... there is nothing on tv? 
Why is it that with my family every holiday has to suck? So ready for this day to be over with that way my family might be normal again! 
Why is it the first thing i think about in the morning 
Why is it the same everytime I try and stop smoking? Get to 5th week and moods get so bad I have to give in. May be same today 
Why is it the whole friggin world can get on with twitter apart from me?????? 
Why is it when i ask for bubble tea ; red tea and grape champagne  can't they understand what i want? I WANT IT MIXED!! NOT SEPERATED!! 
Why is it when I get a good buzz going I get the worst ringing in my ears? 
why is it when i want to buy things i have no money? 
why is it when i want to write, nothing is coming out? seriously i wrote one sentence and it's crap 
Why is it when things are just going ok, something has to ruin everything? Had surgery delayed for another 4 weeks. Am gutted 
Why is it when you don't feel good or you are waiting on something good to happen every minute seems like and hour!  
why is it whenever i come back from devizes i have bites all over me 
Why is it whenever we order Indian part of my meal is missing? Last time there was no rice, today no chapati. Was looking forward to it 
Why is it windy and cold in Vegas? I wanted to lay out by the pool 
Why is lauren leaving the hills? 
Why is life at some parts so hard?  I could cry right now..
why is life so difficult 
Why is Lotus Notes so crap? Why is AVG playing havoc with Thunderbird? Why does WebSphere heapdump to the point of exhausting disk space? 
Why is Mariah Daily always down?  
Why is morning so early in the day 
why is my apartment always hot?  maybe my air doesnt work... 
Why is my baby always getting hurt 
Why is my baby growing up? Just tell me WHHHY!?! 
Why is my back aching like crazy? 
why is my biggest disappointment MYSELF? life can seem so unfair but in the end its you are your own worst enemy 
Why is my blackberry and twitter not co-operating today?! 
Why is my brother home? 
why is my chess club not in the yearbook? 
why is my computer being sooo dumb 
Why is my computer so damn slow these days?  No fun...
Why is my dumb butt so big 
why is my eye always turning red and sore? must wear specs to work. shuai ge come by how?! 
why is my face still swollen?! 
why is my guitar ALWAYS out of tune   #fb
why is my internet  so slow 
Why is my internet being so slow? 
Why is my Internet down  smh
WHY IS MY INTERNET SO MESSED UP. at least twitter is ok... but seriously, everything is screwed up!! 
Why is my internet so slooowwww today??? 
WHY IS MY LIFE SO BORING.................. WAIT I DON'T EVEN HAV A LIFE 
Why is my nose still runny today? 
Why is my notes still runny today? 
why is my phone not receiving texts 
why is my phone the only one w/o a twitter app damn it 
WHY IS MY PICTURE BROKEN UGHHHH I JUST WANT A NEW TWITPIC 
Why is my programming teacher teaching us about mortgages? 
Why is my PSP always dead when I want to use it? 
why is my room the warmest room of all? it doesn't make sense  mine is the only one with the window wide open and 2 fans on full blast
Why is my server always the one the dies 
Why is my sister and my Ate taking soo long to go home and buy me 2 buritos. :| I`M SOO HUNGRY NA ! 
why is my sister forcing me to get a helicopter on the sims... I jus want a friggin car 
why is my skin all stingy? stupid allergies. This is not a GQMF thing to have. 
Why is my socialscope not updating? 
Why is my throat still hurting?!  
why is my twitter ALL JACKED UP TODAY?!?!    so many tweets to reply to but no little reply button 
why is my wordpress down? 
why is Ninee getting so sick?? 
why is no body saying hi 
why is no one awake?!? I need more friends in different time zones 
Why is no one out this Friday night? 
Why is no one replying me nowadays! 
Why is nobody making tea today?  I'm cold and thirsty 
Why is noone talking to me today? 
WHY is our line is messing up 
Why is Photoshop only letting me color certain parts 
Why is post from the US being SOOOOO SLOW recently? Suite Scarlett took two weeks to arrive and my threadless shirts still aren't here 
Why is revising so hard   ï¿½ Following Followers
Why is rpattz in italy without me 
Why is school so boring? 
Why is sewing more interesting than accounts 
Why is shipping from USA to Germany so expensive? :-/ Found lot's of nice things on ebay.com... but shipping costs the double. 
why is so hard to be me? I can't stand anymore.Miley,I don't know how you did it. I don't know what to do now... HELP!!!! 
why is summer so short!? schools tomorrow na 
Why is that the weather is always nice when I have to stay inside? 
Why is that when you have time off from work you get sick? 
Why is the @Jonasbrothers LVTT album cover on my itouch so pixelated?! Boo 
Why is the chart I just edited in Microsoft Powepoint  does not register ASAP? 
Why is the coke *always* gone? 
why is the dairy queen line 45 cars long when I need a peanut buster parfait -now- ? 
Why is the frakking Star Trek movie not in India yet? 
Why is the ground moving in circles 
Why is the interon so slow 
Why is the jar always empty??  (via #zenjar )
Why is the line-up for Hard Rock Calling tomorrow so tiny? 
Why is the net so slow today. So many sites are not opening 
Why is the picture uploading thing always messed up? 
Why is the scooby gang so mean to Spike all the time?     Everyone deserves love.
why is the seniors' last day so sad to me 
Why is the sims being so flipping annoying? 
Why is the speaker taking soo long... Me is hungry 
Why is the stupid Gealteach kidnapping my friends :@ 
why is the weather so bad in california. AND on the first day in june ? 
Why is the weather so pants today 
why is the website of hi.nl (dutch telco) always offline when I want to login 
Why is there a crying Bumblee in Transformers 2?  DO NOT WANT 
why is there a fathers or  mothers day if your mom and dad cancel their plans you wanted to do has a GIFT to them? I even had the food.  
Why is there always so much to do? 
Why is there no &quot;edit&quot; function for tweets? 
Why is there no bass on mac laptop speakers. Listening to our record on a laptop sounds like we kicked tyler out of the band. 
Why is there no Sardana today   
Why is there no sun today   
Why is there not a Buffalo Wild Wings in San Diego or North County? 
Why is there nothing in this house to make in less than 30 minutes other than eggs?! Makes me wish my road test were sooner. 
Why is there nothing on telly in the morning.After Everybody Loves Raymond your pretty buggered. PLUS I have to bus it to work pfft 
why is this happening to me....how can i stop this... 
Why is this morning so dead  What happened to the age of Saturday MORNING cartoons?!
Why is this ost file taking soooooo long? Getting bored sitting here 
Why is this room so bright in the morning 
Why is this vampire show so sad  It's making me tear up
Why is today dragging on soo long? 
why is today like 10 or 15 degrees colder then yesterday?!  i hate u global warming.
Why is Tom losing 
Why is Toronto so cold right now? I just came from yesterday damn near 90 degree weather... to Cold... im wearin a hoody son and im cold 
why is t-pain a trendy topic tonight? i mean seriously, t-pain? 
Why is Trey Songz singing a song called &quot;LOL&quot; with Soulja Boy? LAME! Trey Songz used to be cool 
Why is trying to write this paper so HARD? 
Why is TweetDeck not working anymore 
Why is tweetie search still broken after the twitocaplyse 
why is TweetS60 crashing? Re installing isn't helping either... 
why is twitter being a douche bag 
why is twitter being all slow ? ugh this annoys me it happens all the time n it wont let me change my bg 
Why is twitter not working 
Why is twitter not working for me  Booked first leg of Accom. For US trip YAY!
why is twitter not working for meeeeee yet another technological thingy that has a grudge against me? 
why is xtube (nsfw, 18+) so crap these days 
Why Is Youtube down 
Why isn&quot;t Russell Brand on Wednesday nights anymore??????????????? grrrrrr 
Why isn't Antique Roadshow online? I'm addicted to that show, but I don't own a TV!  I might have something to sell on there too!
why isnt anyone online 
why isnt anyone twittering today 
Why isn't anyone updating 
why isn't away we go playing in the great state of tennessee?  
Why isn't Bluetones - BloodBubble on here  â™« http://blip.fm/~8blyt
why isnt bring me the horizon at warped 
WHY ISN'T FACEBOOK LETTING ME IN?  #Fb
why isn't he answering my calls 
why isn't he awake yet?  I miss him so much.
why isn't in plain sight on demand yet? 
Why isn't it raining at Wimbledon  It always used to.
why isnt it stopping 
Why isn't my boyyyy texting me 
Why isnt my hobbie store open at 10am?  
Why isn't my sound working? 
Why isn't skype delivering my msgs? Evil. 
Why isnt that god-damn notion vid on youtube like... its all over the tv!!!!  UNCOOL.!!!!
why isn't the coffee working?  
why isn't the dutch calling  so sad. now i hate him
why isn't the hills available online yet?? soo disappointing 
Why isn't the The Big Bang Theory theme song longer?  We're two episodes into season two, now :-D
Why isn't there a &quot;fake&quot; Verruca on Twitter?... Now i'm sad. 
Why isn't there a drink that can knock me in a coma?  I'm much safer when I sleep. 
why isn't there anymore A&amp;W here? misses the rootbeet float and curly fries 
Why isn't this week's This American Life up yet 
Why it is that the good guys are taken...or atleast the ones I want. 
why its always happen to me why?! i hate pepole! i hate everything!!! 
Why it's me who always clean my dormitory? It's unfair! 
Why its very hard to kill a bird??? 
Why John Law, why? 
Why Josh Drummond? I know it's not your fault, but a calf injury? Way to stuff up my SC team 
Why jus Why does it have to rain today ughhhh this sucks 
Why kevinrose doesn't use tweetdeck 
Why Kutner? I mean I knew something was going to happen to someone but it was so sad. I &lt;3 House and it was well done, but I'm still sad 
Why life have to be hard? 
WHY MATH EXIST?  I DONT NEED THEM, I WANNA STUDY HISTORY AND LIVE IN THE USA... SO THEY WILL HELP ME IN MY FUTURE? FUCK NOOO  Â¬Â¬! xD
Why me  Why  I was asked out to go the movies with older kids  but  thx to my mom and my work i didin't   my mom thinks its to late
WHY ME!!!!! how come i dont get to talk to her in like  3 weeks???? 
Why morning comes so fast? 
Why must all stories now be compared to twilight  ughhh mine will never be as good i should just give up now  damn u stephenie meyer!
Why must Chemistry revision be so boring?! 
Why must everyone leave me every morning? I miss the weekends! 
why must glass be so fragile 
Why must I always fall for da small boys 
Why must I be a big girl and go to work?!?!  I wanna go out. 
why must I be awake at this untimely hour 
why must I be so sensitive? 
why must i feel like an old lady?  aching back!!! OUCH!!!
why must I go to work today 
Why must I only like rare and expensive video games? Found two I want badly... 70 each! 
why must I study bush regeneration  WHY!
Why must I wake up at 245 am, wide awake, when I have to be up at 630 to get ready for work? The gym isn't even open 
Why must I wear my heart on my sleeve?? 
Why must it be so hard to choose a salad over a burger? 
why must it rain on my summer break parade?  now i have to clean house 
Why must it rain on the weekends?!?After being stuck in an office all week the last thing I want is to be stuck indoors on my days off. 
Why must MTV air the MTV movie awards so late at night? I have school tomorrow and I can't watch them! 
why must my life turn to shit so quickly 
why must my new htpc be such a #$%#$^$^ to set up.. not seein the tv as a monitor via hdmi 
why must Pittsburgh be 4 hours away...    LOVE THRIVING IVORY
why must the AC break at work and at the apt workout room  
why must there be an air crash days before i fly out? let me make sure i have all your numbers just in case goodbye calls are in order. 
why must there be school tommorow? 
Why must u hate dear child? @maikaii... U won't give me love...Somebody will! ::sticks out tongue:: and for the record YOU R THE CHEATER! 
Why must Unreal not do things properly when I want it to 
Why must we be forced to wait for Brutal Legend 
Why muthafuckas gotta be gangbangin', can't we all just get along!  where is the love?! 
Why my blog no talk to twitter no more? 
why my life has to be in tht way when we talk about boysz why GOD WHY I DO TO DESERVE THIS WHHHHHHHHHYYYY?  
Why my mother dislikes me soo much ill never know  i just know i try, just not enough i guess. 
why no android market for SA??  http://tinyurl.com/nawpzu
Why no morning wood?!?  http://yfrog.com/14z9sj
Why no one of my friends is  in twitter ? I feel lonely  xD
Why no sleep???? I worked my butt off yesterday 
Why no, i did not start in my class today 
Why no1 wants talk 2 me.   Im sad..so sad...Im gonna take a shower with DEW.
Why not? 
Why of why did The Format have to break up!?! 
why oh why Ã© o sims 3 tÃ£o viciante..? 
Why oh why aren't the MTV movie awards being played on my channels? 
why oh why did he not go to work today?! now i gotta deal with his ass being here another day!!  lame. i'm gonna miss my me time today.
Why oh why did I leave my iPod earphones at home. 
why oh why did i volunteer to write my final auf deutsch?  it's lower quality thoughts and taking about 6 times as long 
Why oh why do I figure out 1 thing then need to learn another aka why the hell can't I play blips on my blackberry?? K time for sad face 
why oh why is bible college so confussing......    i dont get it 
why oh WHY is it snowing out?! 
Why oh why is it that my train is always &quot;delayed&quot;? 
Why oh why is my attention span so short atm?  haha i feel like a 7yr old
why oh why oh why did say I would work today.............. 
Why oh why oh why oh why am I attracted to people who need fixing?  It isn't even the person it's the desire to make someone better.  
Why oh why was the Red Sox game rained out? I was so looking forward to opening day 
Why oh why, Mark Feehily look so decent! 
Why oh why...kambuh lg 
why people is always so bad with me and ake me for granted?? 
why people smoke? it isnt healthyyyyyy 
Why people write business-critical emails on Saturday evening about what to do on Sunday? Weekend is about the family isn't it? 
Why r cab drivers rude to old people 
why r people so mean  I'm a nice person
Why r the mexicans cuttin the grass? They must not like me ACCCHOOO!!! 
why rain? 
Why safin? Why? why Did you loose 
Why Saturdays end so soon 
Why say #simpleplan over and over and over? Damn, now I've said it! It's ever perpetuating pointlessness and I'm a part of it... WAAGH! 
Why SEX stuck In your head? Heyyy! Your too young for that shit!  Oh wait your all grown up now  not my lil nettie no more and bday se ...
Why she don't wanna talk, I just want to help her 
Why so blue panda bear? 
why so good looking? 
why so lmbt ooo 
Why so many commercials i needa shower but i wanna watch 
Why so many things to do? 
Why so mean? 
Why so quiet tweeters? Im ready to chat and there's nothing but silence. Sad 
Why so rainy?  I need the sunshine.
Why some people just doesn't care?.. 
Why sometimes it feels like ur bff might be gone 
why tetris is a TT and #seb-day not? It isn't right 
Why the crap are my photobucket slideshows not loading?? 
Why the eff is my effin hair itching soooooooo badd 
why the f does tyra not show in the morning anymore 
why the fart is it so hot today  i think ive melded myself onto my seat because of the heat 
why the fuck am i getting up so early 
why the fuck am I on twitter!!! 
WHY THE FUCK DID SOMEONE STEAL MY PHONE LAST NIGHT 
Why the fuck do i get in these moods where i feel like im the only person on earth? 
Why the heck didnt the republicans put in place better health care when they had the chance? Now we don't stand chance with Dems plan. 
Why the heck do I have to get attached to certain horses so fast?!? I'm gonna miss Willie if he doesn't come back 
Why the hell am i so tired? Feels like i haven't slept for a week 
Why the hell am i still awake?!? And im still not all that tired 
Why the hell didnt anyone tell me they closed Anime club in the mall!? 
why the hell does it have to rain ?  gayness
why the hell does it say, &quot;that's a nice picture&quot; and there is no picture that shows up  no bueno
why the hell doesn't anyone in cash cash have twitter? 
Why the hell don't I own &quot;Strictly Ballroom?&quot;  It's the sort of movie I get a sudden, pining need to watch, but I don't OWN it... 
WHY THE HELL I FEEL LIKE THIS???? 
why the hell is it raining!! i hate the rain. 
why the hell is youtube not working???  NO NO  NO NO   NO  NO NO NNO NO
Why the names in english is (or are? xD) more beatiful that in spanish? Yes! My english is very defcient 
Why the the tax office send me a letter everytime I check the mail 
why the weather is so crap today? 
why there is some person that's so unfair? Or should I say that life is so unfair? 
Why they play so on time everyday??? 
Why things change so quickly? 
Why this chicken and rice so long  200 people deep
why this headache still here??? 
Why this man was talkin to me and his gums started bleedin. Omg it was all leakin down his toof. I went home and brushd my teef. 
Why this week of all weeks is going a tad bit slower! It's only Thursday!! 
Why Tiny Twitter doesn't work? I allways get the &quot;error 15&quot;  #Fail #TinyTwitter http://tinyurl.com/mfaw5o
why u no follow me? i follow u  LOL
Why u telling tht nigga for?? N y u gonna stop talking to me??  @1SmooveCriminal
Why Unbuntu 9.04 running very slow, I wish I didn't upgrade now 
Why we can't seem to merit a thunderstorm here is beyond me. 
why when I start working on a vid, I have idea for another and viceversa? 
why when we had the chance we always delay it! Haha cant watch wolverine  @ditobeasley when will we watch wolverine dude?
Why whenever I am seriously looking forward to something, it gets cancelled or changed in a crappy way!?!? I went on Atkins for it! 
why why why.... 
Why will paintshop pro not open!?!? 
Why will this cold not go away?? Making me sleepy all the time, except at night, which is lame 
Why won't 1&amp;1 do private registrations in the UK?  They do in America...
why wont facebook work?!?! my crops are going to die!!    -i think im going to go watch some more 80s movies.
why wont federer just lead trending topics already 
Why won't it stop raining? I hate rainy days 
WHY WONT IT TREND  #andyhurleyday
why wont my bloody avatar show 
WHY WONT MY DAMN IPHONE CUT &amp;PASTE!!! AHHH! 
Why won't my dog quit nipping at us??? 
why won't my fucking car start? i replaced the battery about 2 months ago! help 
Why won't my internet work 
Why won't my newly updated iPhone 3.0 let me send picture messages? 
Why won't my NYT US news RSS work in Google reader? 
why wont my pic change 
Why won't my picture show???   Oh well, I'll get to see my &quot;Caro Kellan&quot; on TV tonight with &quot;Sexiness is a Warm Rob&quot; and T!
Why wont my picture upload!! 
Why wont my picture upload? 
why won't my pictures upload???  x
why won't my profile picture work?!  sewsad.
why wont pushing daisies load on my computer?? 
why wont TCA let me vote its says im young wen quite clearly im not 
Why won't the deinterlacing go away?  1999 for the lose.
Why won't the porn people stop following me? 
Why wont the printer work? ARGH! 
why wont the sun come out??? 
why won't they go home?!?!  they're driving me insane
Why won't they let me come in!!! Oh yeah, probably because of my muddy feet 
Why wont this cat play with me 
Why won't tweetie show my new picture  #Squarespace
why wont twitter remember me?  i click &quot;remember me&quot; everytime I log on. 
why wont twitter update to my phone?! grrrr 
Why won't twitter work for me? 
why won't you install on my computer tweetdeck 
Why won't you show my location?!   http://twitpic.com/2y2es
why won't you shut up for once;;;;.......i miss you 
Why would a dog hump me... I'm not a girl 
WHY would anyone put vinegar in a water bottle and NOT LABEL IT? Poor Aaron did not like that. 
Why would David Carradine kill himself?! This is really sad 
Why would someone even do something like that, you gotta be pretty damn desperate for attention!!! lol poor keanu 
Why would they do a gastroscope and colinoscopy at the same time? Too much pain 
Why would u say dat 
why would you agree to go to the beach in the first place if you knew you were going to a sleepover with aubrey?  i really wanted u to go
Why yes, I did just yell &quot;frak&quot; at my cats.  You guys, I think I need an intervention. 
Why you call me best friend? If you do that to me?! 
Why you should not publish Bidvertiser ads. http://is.gd/tbKa -- I need my Google Adsense back. 
why you stupid idiot... why force injung to break up with yonggi?!  MEANIE!!! (ok, this is korean drama..)
Why Youtube, why? It's all gone wrong since Google took over  http://bit.ly/15Jned
Why!!!???  What I do??  
Why, every time! when i fancy a crumpet drenched in butter, I only own the butter 
Why, oh why is my neighbor directly across from me destroying his driveway with a JACKHAMMER at 8 AM on a Saturday?!?! 
Why, oh why, must RL get in the way of my muse? Especially since it comes so rarely anymore. 
why. am. i. so. ITCHY!    gah! *scratch scratch scratch* make it stop 
Why.) - â€œWhy does my boyfriend pay attention to other galsÂ ?â€? That was what made me so insecure  Well part... http://tumblr.com/xex22fzub
Why... Wish I could see Kris Allen in fayetteville tomorrow 
why? life isn't fair  x100
WHY?! Why are my BOOBS the only part of my anatomy that are allergic to the sun? Have mercy, por favor 
Why'd @muppetcast have to mention &quot;no cheap 3-D tricks&quot;?  I want to see Muppet*Vision 3-D again... 
Why'd i have to wake up so early? Just 6h of sleep.. Now i feel all cold and weird... And hungry! 
Why'd you stop texting me ? 
Why's everyone's twitter font getting bigger?  Mine isn't but I want it to.
Why's it so cold outside? 
WHYS IT SO HOTTT 
why's the anglo still here? :-/ .....@cjiii....u about 2 leave me?  hey I didn't see no sign of Shayna 2day wuts good? (@alwaysconvinced)
Why's Twitter so addictive? Very cold  I may go watch America's got talent in a bit.
whywhywhy do Rookie Of The Year not come to England  someone send them lots of money so I can see them...
Whywhywhywhywhywhywhy 
whyy does my arm hurt?? 
Whyy doesn't anybody answer their dammn phones.  
Whyy isnt the forum workingggg????? 
whyy must my friends boyfriend nd life be in brooklyn but my comfy bed be all the way at my moms in dirty jerz  my sisters couch sucks 
Whyyy can't I ever sleep passed 6am anymore? 
Whyyy didn't I take a nap when I got home? Sleepy.    Running out the door, though...things to return/pick up before the shelter at 6:30!
Whyyy is it so cold 
whyyy is there no cali summer weather these daays?! 
whyyyy !?!!  
whyyyy am i sick at the beginning of the summer that i've been waiting for 
whyyyy can't I ever sleeeeep 
Whyyyy did I just watch Dagon.  
whyyyy do ben folds tickets have to be so expensive when i'm so poor? i desperately want to see him. stupidstupidstupid! 
Whyyyy do I always wake up before my alarm goes off 
whyyyy do i have to be sick AND working when i could be at a huge party at able lake tonight  ughhhhh !
WHYYYY does BEA have to be in NYC AND only open to people already in the book industry?!?! Iiiii wantttt toooo gooooo 
whyyyy haven't i seen the Hangover yet? who wants to go with me?? 
Whyyyy is it sooo bright at 6:30 in the morning??? Can't sleeep 
Whyyyyy did they cancel The Unusuals? 
Whyyyyy do people use hard-subs, that is sooo annoying. 
whyyyyy???? 
Whyyyyyy 
whyyyyyy can't i change my background to my own image on here ?  it's not letting me.
Whyyyyyyy 
Whyyyyyyyyy do we have to leave at noon today for DC when we don't have anything scheduled until 9am tomorrow!!!! do not want 
WHYYYYYYYYYY I DON'T HAVE MY MAIN PHOTO ?  :@
WHYYYYYYYYYYY! I REALLY THOUGHT WARNBRO WOULVE WON 
WI storms took half my tree last night  feel sorry for the guys car parked in the street.  playing with the chainsaw today
Wi.. 200 .. i'm following 200 guys and.. just 22 personds with heart follow me 
Wiccans react to possible Harry Potter book ban Marcia Gaither, who teaches classes in Wiccanism, says the controversy about Harry Potter is absurd.
wicked nite saturday ... damn side effects ... ohh now i gotta to do work 
Wicked tired but I have to get my econ presentation for tomorrow all figured out 
wicked tired today - ready for a relaxing weekend without @mnearhoff  
Wicked was great! Now to bed. Tomorrow is my last day in the city. 
Wickenden St do you really have to be so loud? I had a long night, please let me sleep for another hour..kthanks. 
Wide awake  even though I am totally exhausted, ready to be home and in a bed!
Wide awake and it's 130 am. What's wrong with me? 
wide awake at 8am 
Wide awake, I can't sleep for shit lately 
Widget Top Comentaristas fail again 
widhes that the sun was waking her this morning.  Your prayers this morning please; pain has taken over knee AND ankle. 
Wierd - twitter always returns 403 when trying to login from my opera mobile. saying svr understands request but refuses to respond 
Wieso buffert how i met your mother nich auf kino.to?! BlÃ¶der mist 
Wife gone to work  My plans? More presentation creation, Rock Band 2 and outside time (if sun shines!)
Wife has the flu, son has strepp &amp; pink-eye - can't catch a break with our health house 
Wife is at a sleep clinic, I sleep alone tonight. I'm a sad panda 
Wife is going to be gone just about all day today  just me and the kids...wish it was warm enough to swim...
Wife just called with my 2yr old on the phone. Woke up and wanted daddy. 
Wife suggested trip to 24-hour garage to buy bread. Stale garage bread. Cheese it is then 
wifey deleted her twitter after just creating one  now im reading my sister's keeper..
wifey is mad @ me cus my first love is back in town  wifey needs to understand that he is only a &quot;friend&quot; and an ex for a reason!
Wifey's got her monthly so were staying in  she sent some naughty pics and wrote a dirty letter to a friend though ;) thanks 4 following!
Wifi at stars still tmobile 
Wifi for my phone is kinda on and off. I definitely think its damaged. I couldn't update twitter for like 10 hours  I just woke up btw.
Wifi in the auditorium is flakey.....  #emcworld
Wi-Fi is down 
Wifi is up and down at #DS09 - probly no live blog after all 
wifi nhÃ  hÃ ng xÃ³m Ä‘Ã¢u rá»“i nhá»‰  #fb
Wiggling my headphone cable trying to get sound back in my left speaker   Time for some more office-developer friendly headphones
Wiggy wants to play out in park today but Mum says no   Poor Wiggy.
wih i was still on holiday, aaah 
wii fit and listening to @davidarchie i miss him already.  8/24?!?!?!?
Wii Fit update BMI =0.04   Ump! Lovely day, off to get ready for work. I've got a strange thing on my foot, doctor says to wait &amp; see.
Wii Motion Plus would be great, if there would be any games that support m+ 
Wiiiii! I alredy havenï¿½t to clear the garage !  but I have to return again doing the homework  itï¿½s so long! that afternoon more boring!
Wil anyone be in dd 2day?i dont wana lunch on my own ha 
Wild boys blood good watching how crap is trying to sleep when u can't  ah well maybe I'll learn something useful?
Wild downtown tonite. No girl  4 more weeks
WILD weather this morning !  ... I hate thunderstorms ..
will ????9????????...?????????  http://plurk.com/p/x5gxd
will any of this get better 
Will auch in den Europa-Park ....  Silver Star YEAAAHHH
Will b driving hubby to work in less than 6 hours! 
will b having my last V tomorow   will have2live off of apples n not caffeine ;( n have2cut down on chocolate bye bye chocy
Will Barton to Memphis?    http://sbnation.com/e/664846
Will be able to go and I really wanted too 
Will be all alone on my birthday now. Yay? Thanks heaps for that, mum 
will be alone of an evening as me babe is working nights this week 
will be at milne til may 13th! 
will be away from home for long  Duty matters. XD
will be back home soon, yay! Unloading and unpacking all of my things...not so yay! 
will be biking in... 8 hours. I'm up way too fucking late 
Will be computer-less for almost 2 weeks while my Dell gets sent in and fixed 
will be distracting myself with musictonight..running, la jolla's farmers market for flowers and everything in between until 5pm tomorrow 
will be doing school shiz now. SIGH. 
Will be done tomorrow morning! Going to bed now due to neck pains. 
will be engaged with textbooks, pc, and dictionaries this week  finals oh finalss
will be giving up on twitter, still not into this at all 
will be going back to the doctor today, ripped stiches out and it is gushing blood. 
Will be going to bed soon. Have to work tomorrow 
will be gone for a while again 
will be homeless starting tomorrow 
Will be in miami in a couple of hours and then it'll be the last time I can use the internet on my phone for a while 
Will be Invigilating a solitary student who have met the trigger temperature. Poor thing.. 
Will be leaving Berea heading north sometime Wednesday...trying out Chicago for a bit. Atlanta is posponed. 
Will be letting #apple keep Jorge for a few days to check things out. 
Will be like a pin cushion by lunchtime 
will be moving home within 6 minutes... today in office from 6:00 - 19:00... 
will be moving to Pasig by tomorrow..  http://plurk.com/p/12oynn
Will be of twitter for the next few days as i have to go away on an assignment for work so no twittering allowed 
will be on my own for the next 10 days 
Will be on the bus to school soon. 
Will be out of town for the next week. Won't be updating.   Direct message me if you need assistance.
will be sad from Tuesday (May 12, 2009) until Friday (May 15, 2009) 
will be sad to leave Seattle 
will be signing off  now. ...kahit ayoko pa.  http://plurk.com/p/ulb2i
will be stuffing her face today before recovery mode tommorow 
will be teaching Greography Today 
will be too late.  cuz now i cant go to atlanta   was gonna try if i got my money in time.  i hate getting excited then let down. 
will be without internet until Friday. 
will be without my poor lucy for the whole day tmrw.    hopefully the mac genius' can fix her in store.
Will blog when I am done my coursework.  Until then, it sits on the side 
will braid her hair until she gets a haircut. this hair is hopeless. 
will cancel the exhibition of paintings .. why?, I don't know 
will come back when its over. No need to say goodbye... 
will conduct CSAT Bootcamp. Tw weeks dayshift, I hate it. 
will conduct CSAT Bootcamp. Two weeks dayshift, I hate it. 
will definitely miss her paranoid sister  http://plurk.com/p/12il7r
will definitely miss you bubs  can people please stop going to far-far away land??????
will deplurk at around 11:15pm.  http://plurk.com/p/ouv0w
will didnt have his permit againnn. poor will 
Will everyone on blip.fm please go give some props to @witenike bc I can't. 
will figure Twitter out later.. after I'm done figuring out ME, USP, CD, CN, CG and DC! 
will free herself from distractions. except her phone.  (LOL) @patgonz reply to meee!  http://plurk.com/p/12msef
Will get sick from driving in my hot ass car and sweating to my icy ass cubicle 
will go back to bed.  Nahihilo na ako  http://plurk.com/p/xr4zs
Will go back to work later.. Vacation's officially over.. 
will go home na later 
will go on a San Francisco City Tour today. No shopping in Chinatown for me 
will go to Aldeia in some minutes o.O just waiting my dad studying 
will have a test on Labour Ordinance this evening....  nervous...
will have about 1 cup of peach butter after it cooks down 
will have done 24 miles by the end of the month, i don't see the difference yet though 
will have to do another restore on the phone to wipe that &quot;other&quot; memory eventually 
Will have to instigate the &quot;disable account&quot; procedure later today 
will have to make do with cold RiceARoni, instead.  
will have to put in a few hours of work today 
Will have to return the dress today and check out the high street. I've seen a gorgeous Karen Millen number but it's way over my budget. 
will i ever get my voice back? 
will i ever get to attend an APG meeting...  http://tumblr.com/xy21s2gff
Will i ever have enough coffee? 4th cup already 
will i ever learn from my mistake? 
will I ever see you again? I always feel so jealous and sad because you're always talking to and seeing people who are never me. 
Will I ever start to feel better? 
Will I get chosen for Online Create Beta? Probably not. Checked e-mail but no &quot;playstation&quot; notification 
Will it every be ment for me to every have enerything good in life 
Will it take more than 24 hours for the vegetarians newly following me to realize I was just quoting 30H!3 lyrics? 
will just haavee to continuee uploading tomorrow. 
will kill Kendall if she tries to break my heart and join the air force 
will miss babe and lex 
will miss her cayenne pepper (among other things)... it's not really mine so I can't pack it   
will miss his baby...3 days in quezon.. 
Will miss Joelly. Kinda got used to seeing her everyday for two weeks. 
Will miss my bro and Georgia this summer 
will miss Nantucket dearly, but also missed Brooklyn dearly all week. it's hard to be so torn!  can't the two somehow be combined??
Will miss nostalgia ... everyone please kick tushar 
Will miss the after party of the Philippine Fashion Week later at LAX! I'm a freaking minor! Hahaha. But still, going to miss a lot! 
will miss the pussycat dolls concert, got to study physics 
will most definately miss youu! 
Will most likely be missing the dmb live broadcast tonight due to work  hopefully I can find it on youtube!
will need to see the doctor in the morning. I can't cough out the tingling sensation inside 
will never find any1 who likes me for who I am!  and knew nothing was gonna happen so why get my fucking hopes up!!!?  fuck life!
Will never have pants that travel 
Will never understand...BFG @ 2:30... I hope Henry feels better 
will not be able to sleep peaceful tonight 
will not be at church today because i work 11-3 
Will not be going to Singapore 
will not be plurking for one year!!  http://plurk.com/p/xcc42
Will not be sunbathing today.  I'm wearing a pink shirt and my sunburn from yesterday blends in really well!  
Will not be tweeting until i get my iphone.. so hopefully sometime in july 
will not drink Dew today. 
Will not go to school. Hair so greasy I can see reflection in it. 
will not make it out today.  What to do tonight whilst sitting at home. :S
Will not make it to the DrupalCon Paris this fall. 
will now go to a children's party.  http://plurk.com/p/yttlx
will now pack his things, take a bath, brush teeth, apply meds, then off to a loooooong day at the office! 8PM-5AM sched starts today! 
will post to Etsy and Art Fire soon. Watch for listings for a few of my very pretty porcelain dolls...they are so pretty. Hate to sell 
will probably be in Scotland next week.  http://plurk.com/p/n0ivz
will probably be startingmy temp job as amortgage loan processor in a week. i am so excited 
will rest nlng muna...i really feel sick na talaga..huhu..still have duty tomorrow..  http://plurk.com/p/xvoyp
will skip the veggie pride parade tomorrow...too much to do/pack  
will sleep now. i have a zit on my noseeee 
will sleep now.. i have to get up before 3pm... :p gosh. its... almost 11am now..  http://plurk.com/p/12b5zp
will sleep only now.  timecheck- 5:10am good mornight everyone.
Will somebody please send me a reply 2 my tweets come on folks 
Will someone come make me lunch? Or take me to panera bread? I'm hungry and I'm too lazy to go make food 
Will someone come over and change the channel for me...i lost the remote and im sick 
will soon hear &quot;show me the money!&quot; haaaay as always 
Will spend the whole day in the school. Really looking forward to ''Rock die Schule''  Why does it rain outside? 
will study a lil bit n sleep by 12.. my back hurts !! 
will take a rest for awhile. my head hurts and so as my tummy.  http://plurk.com/p/rpgx0
will talk to the official in 5 mins.. yey!! then i m free!! have to study for CAT then 
will the other swimmers pretend with me? no? no?  oh 
Will this be my home for today? I may have just been called into work http://twitpic.com/4jdxb
Will this day never end??? What a day at work!!! Can't wait for the weekend! Still shaking the frustration of missing Jon last night 
Will this rain ever go away, my puppy is getting cabin fever and she doesn't like going out in the rain 
Will thw Dream Final happen?? I wonder 
will try to go back to the store to exchange.. 
Will Try Twitter Another Time, Back To Work For Now 
will vomit or die if she has to write another report.   
Will we have a thunderstorm tonight? If so, no Soccer for us... 
will work for 15 hours on Monday. Who does that, really? 
will work on my notes again....  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/rbkh3
Williams no longer has French toast 
Willie's gone  I seriously need to work on the whole not getting attached thing! I swear I'm not crying trish! Lol
Wilson tennis courts are packed! Still waiting for a court. 
Wimbledon app however is pretty good (needs wifi), Maria Sharapova is out though 
Wimbledon is not the same without Lindsay! 
Wimbledon without Rafael Nadal, such a great loss..  Hoping the young Scott, Andy Murray wins the grass!!
Win: printing resumes at work to take to E3 juuuust in case. You never know. Fail: Accidentally printing one in your locked boss's office 
Win7RC1 disabled my admin status with no hope of recovery. Reinstalling it again 
wind is preventing me form kayaking on the beautiful lake outside my mountain house 
Wind sucked so bad I couldn't wakeboard 
windies need less than a run a ball 
Windies putting up a disappointing fight against Sri Lanka 
Winding a ball of yarn should not be this tiring. I *must* be sick. That drained me. 
Winding Down after a busy day. My feet hurt 
Winding down for the night. Watched about 30 mins of &quot;Shindler's List.&quot; It's sad so far. 
Window shopping online as usual  ...lolol
Window shopping sucks even my lil cousins are buying hollister 
Windows 7 bluescreened for the presenter 
Windows 7 DVDs waiting here for @blakepup @sighmon @thatreeder @servantofchaos @JohnnyKairouz @newmediageek . All gone 
Windows 7 is taking too long to install 
Windows 7 Release: What Happens Between Now &amp; Oct. 22 - http://shar.es/H9Yl Miffed I've just bought a PC with Vista, out of date by Oct! 
Windows 7 upgrades priced at Home $119.99, Professional $199.99 or Ultimate $219.99 new retail copy will be $199.99, $299.99 or $319.99 
windows 95 bluescreen  i bought the operating system about one week ago, it doesn't work anymore. i'm consused cause i've got 14 mb ram
Windows evernote client is a bit clunky compared to OS X 
Windows Explorer Has Stopped working in my computer 
Windows is a big shit one Virus and you can't do anything with it   Today I've got one of this virus  pc is yet clean but all data away
Windows is crap .. airtel/vodafone live do not work on windows mobile systems ...  ... waste of having a business fone if connectivity 
Windows PC... why do you have to be so darn slow every morning? 1 hour of wasted time waiting for you. 
Windows Server 2003 Setup. Could be an interesting day 
Windows SP3 Update even fails in safe mode. 3 hours on this now - and I have real work to do 
Windows Vista SP2: internet access with fix ip address still won't work  DHCP works flawless. #vista
WindowsIT Pro took away my digital magazine archive page! looks like its been replaced with a new digital delivery system  damn it
Windy at the beach 
Windy rough boat return from Gili Islands 2 Lombok. I've a tendency towards sea-sickness. SPF30 hasn't completely worked either  Oh well.
Wine Country Classic was great (and windy).  Missed Gloria Ferrar at the cocktail party 
wine country hot air balloon ride cancelled again (4th time!) due to foggy weather 
Wine headaches are the worst 
wine is all gone  time to go mimiz.. good nite!
Wine party cancelled.  But this means I can look forward to it another time and also that I can enjoy the other 2 parties without stress!
Wine tasting is over. No keki, no hubo cacahuates japoneses... 
Wings bar.... No good n still hungry...  http://schmap.me/qeunks
Winifred Burkle - fictional you may be, but your death still tears me up all these years later 
winkler tomo! have to get up at 6 
Winne the Pooh and Casper won't stop fighting over my brownie 
Winner by TKO me, sorry to see you go down the way you did Dr. Pepper float 
Winnie and I are deciding what to do today... No beach, too cold 
Winter clothes.....in June. Not nice, weather. 
Winter Festival - ice skating has sold out...   http://www.nextsevendays.com.au
Winter has come to NC again! 
winter is truly here! It's cold &amp; raining  perfect day for eurovision re-runs, pies &amp; blankies
Winter solstice.  Basketball practice canceled  So, I'll just have to take Aiko for a walk instead - at least, she's super keen and bouncy
winterrrrrrr  besides that, I CANNOT BE BOTHERED EDITING :'( sorry giuzzzz
wintersport season is over  see you in december
wiped out on my longboard, now the pain is rushing 
wipeout! that would be how DO they avoid killing somebody.  
wipeout=hillarious, to bad you have to live in cali to go on it. 
wiping on auriaya 
wir warten aufs iphone-update / Whe wait for iphone update 
Wired mag needs to seriously chill out. I just renewed barely 3 months ago, yet they've already sent me 5 renewal letters for next year! 
wired up after an evening workout - cannot go to sleep 
wireless internet still broken  , using my @INQMobile as a modem, works incredibly well, much faster than I expected and a doddle to setup
Wireless network is crappy again tonight so I can't use Keyhole tv to watch Japanese live TV before bed 
Wireless router failure  On sofa with laptop using the old fashioned bits of wire technique!
Wisdom is better than weapons of war. ~ Ecclesiastes 9:18 //obviously, Republican christian conservakooks skipped that one.  
WISDOM TEETH 
wisdom teeth are getting pulled at 9 
Wisdom teeth out today. ;( would rather die 
wisdom teeth out tomorrow  so scared. i cant even brush my teeth in the morning! i'm too young to die!
wisdom teeth suck... and perx dont help as much as they should 
Wisdom Teeth suck...im in sooo much pain 
wisdom teeth surgery tomorrow 
wisdom teeths hurt 
wisdom tooth coming through I think 
Wisdom tooth growing and boy does it hurt.  Mostly lazy day. I love days off.
wisdom tooth hurts 
wisdom tooth is killing me it hurts soo bad to eat 
wisdom tooth not bringing me much wisdom, just lots of pain   
Wisdom tooth pain does not seem to be going, been a week now and it still really hurts 
Wise Bride is over  But it was so great. #wisebride. Headed to a last minute stop before heading home.
Wish air con was working in car. After 60 mins on motorway had to get stright into shower I was so wilting  roll on Friday get aircon fix
wish all her guys and girls wud com online  Missing and love u all xxxx
wish apple would hurry up reviewing twitterena 2.4!!! they've had it for almost 2 weeks now 
Wish Blake Griffin would stay one more year, but I know better 
Wish class was over 
Wish D was here- we've now missed two Mother's Days and two Father's Days.    Prob take kids out to Mom's later on for a bit.
wish dad could drop it already...  
Wish folks would stop confusing Cape Canaveral (the city) with Kennedy Space Center. Makes it confusing for everyone 
wish for today: a new belly so that i didn't have to be gluten-free 
Wish Fulfillment? No. But Dreams (and Sleep) Have Meaning - TIME http://ff.im/-40ljC (via @DoctorRobin) -uh oh 
wish grays was back on ..wanna know bout george and izz... 
Wish greAt America was great now I feel super pukey 
wish he was up.......I need someone to talk to 
wish Honda didn't go cheap on my civic's sunvisor. plastic and splitting in 2. wrapped a ton of packing tape around it so it still works. 
wish http://www.submitcss.com/ would update 
Wish i .ben't left my coat at work, it's raining quite a bit. 
wish i bought tickets to see The Saturdays  i love them!
wish i brought a blackberry instead of iphone  - regrets
wish i can be with her every day 
wish i can blog it but i cant  i swore to Linus love si wont send it out ro tell anyoenabout it
wish i can jump in my spaceship&amp; fly. 
Wish I can see Monica and Keyshia Cole in California 
wish I can watch MTV 
wish i cloud get a message from demi on twitter.let's hope 
wish i could attend Reggie's bbq, cause the food is always GOOD-but gotta fly 
Wish I could be a part of iPhone launch day!  http://tinyurl.com/mo4t6l #iphone
wish i could be at #E3 ...Maybe next year 
wish i could be at novarock. 
wish i could be home right now. missing everything about it. have to wait 18 days....  dk if im gonna make it
Wish I could be in Milan for Men's Fashion Week 
wish i could be in Spain at my cousin Sineads wedding today 
wish i could be out. stuck studying @ home by myself. Boo for school! 
wish i could be there 
wish I could call in to work. slept for 12 hrs, still don't feel good 
Wish I could change tags for past posts  #e2conf48 to #e2conf47
Wish I could cut this tether to the past...Only scissors that cuts that rope is a lobotomy tho...stupid memories  
Wish I could do #dcth for once but I'm off to my biz comm class 
wish i could download @sillett 's new version of the excellent shortwave log. unfortunately, the download link seems invisible to me. 
Wish I could fall asleep to Big Whisky. Didn't put it on the 'puters yet.  I'll sleep to dream Dave. &lt;3
wish i could find sum1 2 at least pity me nd help me lose my fuckiin virginity 
Wish I could get @SuzeOrmanShow to be on, but I know she probably can't.  DM me if you can be on @9AM EST tomorrow morning.
wish i could get a manicure 
wish i could get a signed copy of @LaurenConrad's book  
Wish I could go  http://bit.ly/LLBD3  Sometimes living in #London would be good.
wish i could go ice skating at the ice rink they made in the city... tickets are sold out 
Wish I could go meet Dianne for lunch but I am stuck at home waiting on a delivery!! 
Wish I could go on the computer  kinda missing someone..
Wish I could go out and play 
wish i could go out tonight! 
Wish i could go see @DoreTaylor &amp; @ChrisCashMusic play tonite!! 
wish i could go see Hillsong United tonight 
wish i could go see the old 97s tonight 
wish I could go to dragon*con 
Wish I could go to E3 this year  
Wish i could go to Full Moon Crazy...but i have a dance team party then the jb concert....so sad, why do i have 2 have soo many plans? 
Wish I could go to Pub Crawl in Maryborough... 
Wish I could go to Seattle this week to pick up my new 85 1.2! Sadly, I must work work work. On my week off. 
wish i could have gone to loraine's funeral this morning  r.i.p.
Wish I could have stayed longer. 
Wish I could host a wedding decor event in NJ. Shame I don't have a space. 
Wish I could join the laker festivities today 
wish i could join them 
wish I could kick this cold. 
wish i could of gone to BMTH! 
Wish i could party with you! Im not 21 yet  The weather is so crappy today! Xoxo victoria. @babygirlparis
wish i could play guitar so that i could put melody on the stuffs i'm writing 
Wish I could read the time - up 1 hour before I'd planned to 
wish i could see cobra later  sad times lol
wish i could see the New Moon trailor 
wish i could sit in the sun again today instead of going to work 
wish i could sleep 
Wish I could sleep. Got speed tix 2day  Hope 2 hear about &quot;new opportunity&quot; b4 the w/e. Happy Inat'l sushi day. Brett celebrated it w/me.
Wish I could stand either the Pens or the Red Wings, then I might give a crap about the Cup this year 
wish I could stay up to watch the MTV Movie Awards lol .. got to get up way too early.. 
Wish I could stay, but I have this family dinner. God I hate family dinner and all those questions they make 
wish I could take a nap, but I probably need to be awake when my grandfather gets here... so tired 
wish i could take codral, sinutab and panadol at the same time. WHY ARE YOU ALL ESSENTIALLY THE SAME THING? bastards. too sick to think 
wish I could think of some fundraising tips that are JustGiving related, altho fundraising not going so great tbh. Am v depressed 
Wish i could turn back time 
wish i could turn back time and had never got involved with the hearn boys 
wish i could txt karl atm 
Wish I could use this at work this afternoon  ? http://blip.fm/~7bfun
wish i could watch the bash 
Wish I could write articles on my blackberry  Anyone got a cheap laptop for sale?
wish i coulda gone to red white and boom 
wish i coulda gone to wallenberg tomarrow 
Wish I couldve seen Miley and nick sing 2night. 
Wish i couldve tweeted you all from the steps of the lincoln memorial at 2 am last night but my phone was dead  love DC.
wish i cud go to the grove in L.A ashley tisdale and vfactory best show ever 
Wish I didn't have bills to pay 
Wish i didn't have have a big appt on Thursday or else i would be at the Laker parade 
wish i didn't have the flu 
wish i didnt have to go to work tonight 
wish i didnt have to work today...perfect poolside conditions  o well, tomorrow is another day
Wish I didn't have to work weekends 
wish I didn't work tomorrow  oh well at least I have sunday off! yay
Wish I felt better, would really love an oriental roll! At this point it wil probaly make me sicker  http://mypict.me/2oiZ
wish I got an extra ticket to see @mileycyrus for my little cousin. she seemed saddened and jealous that i'm going and she's not 
Wish I got tickets for Pink Pop!!! Nooooooooo 
Wish I had a car... I don't wanna drop my mom off to work every morning anymore  Tiiiiiiired ~_~
wish I had a different voice right now  Then again, when do I NOT wish I had a different voice?  Jenifer Holiday would have been nice....
wish I had a hand to hold while I walk thru beautiful center city...maybe ill just go 2 the mall instead 
Wish I had a mom 
wish i had a phone so i can tweet all the time  
wish i had a sham wow, spilt tea all in the microwave 
Wish I had a time machine. I'd go exactly to yesterday, lunchtime. Where I was sitting down, youtube-ing. 
Wish I had acces to more! But they are rationed... 
Wish i had all the seasons of family guy on DVD  sigh
wish i had another day to recover from three events in three days and a packed monday. so 4 by 4? wish i was seahorse watching ... 
Wish I had brought a book to work to read during lunch. 
Wish I had carpe-d the weekendem way more now that this rough week begins and I do not have enough fun under my belt to combat it. 
Wish I had dvr so I could restart parent trap since I just turned it on and there's only 20 minutes left 
Wish I had Friends to add on here... 
Wish I had gone to the post office yesterday do I wouldn't have to to today  but I need distractions so I don't waste the whole day on FB
Wish I had gotten to spend more time with the Chambers clan.  
Wish I had left my hair dead at the ends instead of having it cut. I miss it long! 
Wish I had more friends 
wish i had my 5guys already - its getting cold 
wish I had my own multi room house so I could help out all my friends who are with out a place to sleep...its like the list keeps growing 
Wish i had never taken textiles, too much work, i mean so much! im sooo going to fail this!  but im sure my mcfly dress will be awesome :L
Wish I had off today, not really in the working frame of mind. I do have off tomorrow though. All this closing sux 
wish I had photoshop 
Wish I had planned my flights better...could have went to Maker Faire! 
Wish I had seen the Deckbar grand re-opening announcement before 2300.  gotta get some sleep. Too much to do tomorrow.
Wish I had Sims 3 
WIsh I had SKY 
Wish I had some more beer to watch the tennis with. I'm all out 
Wish I had some panara bread.... or jimmy johns 
wish i had someone to cuddle wiff 
Wish I had something better to say 
Wish i had the day off today as well  i'm just in the grumpiest mood these days.. *sigh*
Wish I had the day off, then I'd head to the beach to enjoy the sun. But instead I am trapped inside Tim Hortons until 10:30 pm  . How sad
Wish I hadn't crashed my car so it wouldn't take me an HOUR to walk home  anyone want to come get me??
Wish i had't crashed  (wrong moment..)
wish I knew how to cook 
Wish I knew how to make this better 
Wish I knew what it felt like to have a father that actually seems to care about you 
wish I knew why Yahoo email quit working on the Email app on my Moto Q... 
wish I lived somewhere that felt bigger than a BOX! 
wish I saw the panicobracademy tour last year 
wish i was @ SUMMER JAM09 to see JAY-Z 
Wish I was @ the beach with Megan and Landon   busy day @ town center!!
wish i was 17 again 
wish i was at a photo shooting and be part of it! 
wish i was at bay to breakers 
Wish I was at BFD again 
Wish I was at downs after dark 
Wish i was at Glasto 
Wish I was at Glasto with a smoothie and a frozen yoghurt  Blur were absolutely incredible last night!
Wish i was at home with the hubby today. 
wish i was at mcfly today 
wish i was at mcfly tonight 
wish i was at southend right now 
Wish I was at sri panwa now 
wish i was at summertime ball right now  so jealous of @charleypearson !!!
Wish I was at the @Badziolka party 
Wish i was at the BMTH concert.  But the tickets sold out 
Wish I was at the Echoplex with My Boo Bear! 
Wish I was at the San Lorenzo youth night with everyone now.  sounds like fun 
wish i was at Vlounge  fyi ya need  to order dragonberry from bacardi its the shiet
Wish i was at work so i would have my 1Gbps line to download this on 
wish i was back at SM 
Wish I was back at York Beach. 
wish i was back in kentucky for the derby 
Wish I was back in Michigan for the summer  I miss the warm summer nights and the sound of absolutely nothing
Wish I was back on vacation.    Crapola day.
Wish I was camping still, but at work. 
wish i was climbing 
Wish I was close enough to take care of him 
Wish I was dinering 
Wish I was doing something else rather then sitting at home...its such a beautiful day.. 
wish i was doing something worthy writing about ... alas still working on my psych paper 
wish i was goin to wembally 
Wish I was going away this w/e  Hopefully on the holidays, however then I probs wont want to anymore, thats always how it is..
wish i was going london  @starlight_raids
Wish I was going to a bubble blowing show.  I guess someone has to save the world one word at a time 
Wish I was going to come together 
wish i was going to Glasto... 
Wish I was going to Glastonbury this year 
wish i was going to prom!!!!  oh well..going to go wish my girls good luck!! then going to good oll APPLEBEES!!! yumm
Wish I was going to RockNess 
Wish i was going to scott wiggins 
wish i was going to see Brad Paisley tonight! 
Wish i was going to see tbs and anberlin tomorrow 
Wish I was going to Splendour on the Grass to see Little Birdy 
WISH i was going to take that this weekend 
wish I was going to the DMB / Jason Mraz concert in August 
wish i was going to the Down/Static-X gig tonight  though on the flip side, 3 hour special of raw tonight and ashleigh's staying at mine!
Wish I was having a better day!!! 
Wish I was headed to DC with my loves right now!!!  .. So not fair
wish i was home in time for the #jonaswebcast today 
Wish I Was In America So That I Cudd Somehow Go To Birthday Bassh 
Wish i was in atl (never thought id say that) at the game with th and kf. Gym and baseball on tv 
Wish I was in Chicago. 
Wish i was in Dallas 
Wish I was in Dallas @ the JB concert 
wish i was in florida with him  patience lexi patience
Wish I was in Manhattan Beach right now so I could pick up the best pumpkin muffin at the Kettle-they only make them around Thanksgiving 
Wish I was in Miami with @myssmodelstar and her friends  DC is pretty right now tho
wish I was in sydney at Come Together with @iwantblood  cc and sexy dukes and red riders and and..shh. suprise heath attack? sounds lol
Wish I was in Venice looking for my future husband @djknucklehead 
Wish I was off to assen  would gladly ride there. I'll just mope instead methinks and watch it on eurosport.
Wish I was one of them because it's my dream. 
Wish I was out enjoying the weather ugh. Hopefully I can go out a little later. Meanwhile my allergies r in FULL affect &amp; doin my thesis 
Wish I was out shopping in the sunshine with Luce instead of stuck inside doing my stupid work 
Wish i was outside in the sun. 
wish i was seeing mcfly either tonight or tomorrow  arrrh well, at least i've seen them once this week already aha
wish i was still a little kid! 
Wish i was still in new work and not at work  Peace, Stacy
Wish I was still in Tennessee 
wish i was talkin to some1 special.  ugg i just wanna go to school. &lt;- weird!
Wish I was watching conan, but there is only one tv in our house and it is occupied    hope he still does the dance.
Wish I was Wes right now... 
wish i was wit jhon ohh 
Wish I was with Cece, Alex, and Dan.  I miss you guysss.
Wish I was with my Best Friend, I feel useless not being able to help her 
Wish I wasn't at work on this beach day. I miss freedom 
wish I wasn't so poor and could actually have fun this summer.  raise in about a month!!!!! so maybe then???
wish I wasn't so skint. quite bored!  could be at a party but noooo.
Wish I went ot Quebec  even tho i've been there
Wish i went to street fams shit with the hommies  but this rain b blowin my ish a b*tch cant even leave ha house w.o her hair gettin buck
wish i were floating in the adriatic right now...miss my pops... 
Wish I woke up when I got the Tweet about Farina set being streamed from Smart Bar 
Wish I would have got my ass up to go tubing  I'm sad
wish I'd brought my pillow with me 
Wish I'd remembered to grab my I wanna meet joe mac shirt for my sign 
Wish I'd woken the girls... now I feel bad 
Wish I'm home today chillin' with hubby and reading my book! 
Wish it was Friday  Didn't hear any of Scott yesterday
Wish it was home time today feels like it is going on forever  bring on home time.
wish it was my miami heat in the finals 
wish it was sunny . would love to go out for a lye in the sun ! 
wish it was the future, and we could be together forever&amp;ever... &lt;3 
Wish it wasn't so nice outside, i wouldn't feel poo revising then 
wish it would stop raining  It's June 1st!!  Wheres the sun!
Wish it would stop raining and the roads would dry out 
Wish J's here. 
wish life would get better 
wish my bf didnt have to leave and leave me home alone   i miss him so much and am worried about him!
wish my boi hamp could have been with me 
Wish my boyfriend wanted to hang with me  i hate storms!
Wish my boyfriend was cuddling me to sleep.  
wish my cats would know that on sunday people has the right to sleep late 
wish my computer from college worked so i could print out all my old pics...  i hate computers...4 years of pics...lost 
wish my dvd was here  still gunna be ages away dang it
wish my family was closer. 
wish my family was getting ready to see the comedy tour in person...gotta love CT! 
Wish my friends were at the lake with me!   *nodaybut2day*
wish my homeboy from the Ukraine would send me that record! its like 1 a.m over there tho.. 
Wish my morning had gone a little better  Hopefully the rest of the day will redeem itself.
wish my nana would get better...fast! 
Wish my neck and shoulders would quit hurting me (2hours sleep). V.A. waiting for C.T. scan before decent pain killers. 
wish my real friends with me now !!  ,, miss u guyZ
wish my stomach would sort itself, getting really tired of being ill all the time 
wish my toe didn't hurt, might not be able to wear my new shoes tonight 
wish paramore had won! 
Wish people would realise how much they hurt me 
wish rondo was in the finals 
wish sarah could come 
Wish she wasnt thinking the &quot;easy&quot; way out 
wish SO bad i was going to see Phoenix in brooklyn tonight 
Wish some one can help me with creating address locator on oracle spatial. 
Wish someone &quot;famous&quot; could help raise awareness about DelaraDarabi.. But I guess that's not glam enough.. 
wish someone was able to wash my clothes right now.. all the washers are full. . .     I'm out of clean PT uniforms
wish stavros flatley had won last night  and im very burnt mint eh!!
wish that i was having my kittens killed by a cute girl in wisco...guess ill do it myself 
wish that my fav mom n pops place still made those awesome strawberry pancakes. they traded good food for good decor. 
wish the Blues would have won last night...  
wish the Blues would've stepped up last night 
wish the internet will be back..ahhh.. 
wish the lc was over. . .weather is too nice to be pouring over books 
wish the leaving cert wasn't in june!..the weather is amazing 
Wish the love of my life was here hanging out.He would if he could! He's always fun!!  he hates when I'm sad so here's a smile 
Wish the navy didn't have their ships out for so long 
Wish the rain would go away 
wish the rain would stop 
wish the rain wound go way wheres the sun gone 
wish the recession never happened: long assignment on it due by tomorrow 
Wish the red haired girl at stubbies had stayed 15 more min. 
Wish the weather would stay fine 
wish the weekend was longer  I dont want to work anymore
Wish the weekend were longer  vegas for work wed-fri
Wish there was a @DunkinDonuts in Soho! Starbucks doesn't do the trick (plus I LOVE D&amp;D) 
Wish there was a Sephora in Australia 
wish there was a type of rosemary that would survive alberta winters ... last years didn't make it I&quot;m afraid 
wish there was an itunes dj client for windows mobile 
Wish there was an RSS feed for the recent/most popular content on Tumblr 
Wish there was still the playoffs on tv  ARGH!!! Nothing good is going on these dayz...other than &quot;I'm a celebrity, get me outta here&quot; :/
Wish there were some yahoo style smileys here too!  
Wish they had made Sims 3 for PS2. 
Wish they had this here in my country  http://bit.ly/uzbMQ
wish they let me go home tmrw, its freezing and noisy here. cant sleep well. i miss my bed 
Wish they'd stop laying people off. My 9-5 is becoming a 6-10. 
Wish this thing between me, jess, brocolli and clare would calm down. Clare told brocolli to not even talk to me 
wish tis was easier... 
wish to put junk mail in the dumpster, but apparently it's not prudent  decisions, decisions ;-)
wish u didn't have to work 2nite babe 
Wish u where here, guys. It will be more fun if we go together 
wish we had Pac Sun in Enlgand I miss shopping there 
Wish would have been there in d lakers parade. 
wish_artists_could_ProPerLY_id__their-tracks_BEfore_rushing _them__out (150bpm) 
wished didnt spend money last night 
wished i could have made it to the refresh meeting tonight. i generally can't make evening events without at least a weeks notice 
wished i didn't have to go to school today. im sick of seeing your face and falling apart everytime i see you! fuckkk. 
wished I have danced along rather than just stare and bop my head 
wished I was able to go to ToyCon.  
wished the script followed me they follow my sis and mate y not me  oh well im goin 2 c them and there not lol
Wishes @christoferdrew would update,update! His little quotes are pissing ne off! Their true, but come on! Be real with us 
wishes @ddlovato would reply  shes so awesome!!
wishes @jacktrack would have cleaned my grill so i could enjoy a sausage toastie about now!! 
wishes @marciaong was here tonight too 
wishes Adam were here 
wishes baby to recover from his headache asap. i'm very worried 
wishes Bamboozle was in Houston. 
Wishes baylee was in my arms so I can give her the biggest hug of her life 
Wishes blackberry had as many apps as iphone! 
wishes dat jiro can be as shuai as how he acted as xiatian or guilong , he look gay now  http://plurk.com/p/tpgh8
Wishes DC wasn't so rainy and dreary 
Wishes desperately that @nicksantino would reply to me...its not lookin like he's going to though 
Wishes elections in Latin America could bring positive results like they did in India.  Emerging markets disparities 
wishes finals were over already ! . . , and they havent even started  hahaha
wishes freaking registration worked 
Wishes G4 would stop freezing up. I missed half of web soup. 
Wishes he  was going to Catwalk Tragedy tomorrow 
wishes he can talk to Ryley again 
wishes he could cook more food, theres a good part time chefs job near me 
wishes he could do nothing all day... but unfortunately that's not really allowed now is it? 
wishes he could get a job in photography somehow!!!   just costs too bloody much to get all the right equipment! arghhhhhhhh!!
wishes he could go meet Spock, Archer etc in Milton Keynes today 
Wishes he could go to E3 
wishes he could have breakfast @ Starseeds on the way home. 
wishes he could have gone to hyperfest  Definitely going next year 
wishes he could play wii golf with friends too  
wishes he could read his in-lecture scribble easily 
Wishes he could sleep another hour..... I hate Monday mornings 
wishes he could sleep through mother's day. 
wishes he could walk properly  #fb
Wishes he could win the lottery  --- I'm broke
wishes he didnt feel so glum and paranoid, as its sure to alienate and push away the one he loves. 
Wishes he didn't wake up so late 
Wishes he had a girl like the one in taylor swifts &quot;You belong with me&quot; video 
wishes he had a job  its so boring!!!
wishes he had an iPhone 3GS 
Wishes he had food 
Wishes he had more money to buy wine with 
wishes he had more time to shoot 
wishes he had that special someone. 
wishes he had the chance to see Isabeyli Hillclimb 
Wishes he had tickets to the DMB concert at Fenway tonight 
wishes he knew why. 
wishes he never lost the job at cablevision that im listed as non-rehire for  in Shelton, CT
Wishes he saw all time low 
Wishes he was a better dancer 
Wishes he was a spotter or on assignment for a storm chase 
Wishes he was at home playing on GH: Metallica. Instead im gonna have to do some revision later on 
Wishes he was at the pool with Emmy.....ah well.  Time to go get a tan.
wishes he was competing at Nationals today 
wishes he was creating an Advancing Wall of Doom for LD48, but work and stuff got in the way 
wishes he was going to e3 
wishes he was in the park 
Wishes he was in Vegas playing in the WSOP, I miss those days 
wishes he was on a boat 
Wishes he was seeing M.I.A at Coachella right now. I've seen her there twice before and I feel like I'm missing out up here in Portland 
wishes he wasn't such a disappointment 
Wishes he went to corefest  I only want to see six FT Ditch but cant get to any shows they do grrrrrrrrrrr
wishes he went to the summertime ball 
wishes he would call me back then go with me  http://www.plurk.com/p/12jgfy
wishes he'd bought that icecream whilst grocery shopping  fuck you sugar cravings!!!
wishes her AC was working 
wishes her baby were here  work at eight am.... not the most excited about that one. but its okay, it's money.
wishes her boyfriend was nice to her 
wishes her computer worked so she could log on Facebook and update herself on everyone! 
wishes her computer would work so she could do report cards from home instead of having to stay late at school.  
wishes her friends would want to hang out with her  
wishes her hubby was home...it's almost 6PM here... 
Wishes her neighbour didn't have to move away 
wishes her throat didnt hurt. 
wishes his dad had never sold his Commodore #superman64 
wishes his job had health insurance benefits 
Wishes his xbox gets error 74 nd then he can send his xbox to germany to get it fixed for free rather than 2 red lighting all the time 
wishes i could a Street Fighter IV Match online 
Wishes I could be with my daddy for fathers day 
Wishes i could win a Street Fighter IV Match Online 
Wishes i couldve gone to the rush of fools concert. 
wishes I didn't have to go to bed alone 
wishes I didn't have to go to work today!!! 
Wishes I was at Silverstone - I Love It 
wishes i was going to bamboozle tomorrow 
wishes i was in NYC for the Veggie Pride Parade... 
wishes i was still in copacabana in my spa : wishes i was still in copacabana in my spa  http://tinyurl.com/d6stfs
wishes i was there for jawsy's bday 
Wishes I would have studied more so I wouldn't be pulling an allnighter. 
wishes I'll be here for a long time  http://plurk.com/p/11m0qs
Wishes i'm in Singapore at this instant 
wishes it was 5 already been a horrible day 
wishes it was easier to find places that sell Lis Er Stille albums  They are truly awesome, and yet, unbeloved of shops in the UK 
Wishes it was last Friday 
wishes it was last night again 
wishes it was so crappy outside today... I want to go play in the woods    
wishes it was the 17th century and a dashing pirate was in love with her  *sigh* 
wishes it wasnt cold 
wishes it would stop raining so we could go get our engagement pics done 
wishes jess was online 
wishes JONAS would premiere tonight in Canada 
wishes ma dad would hurry up with this fckin shower!  i need water, im sooo thirsty
wishes Momma wasn't suffering at work 
Wishes Monday wasnt inevitable 
wishes murdoch lib allowed more books out for postgrads 
wishes my babys sniffles would go away 
wishes my bed was more comfy... SO  TIRED!!! i miss my man 
Wishes my hubby wasnt at work 
wishes na sa hindi umulan ngayon.. and matuloy ang gimik nmin bukas  http://plurk.com/p/13qbve
wishes Padawang had Twitter.  
wishes people wouldn't be so stubborn sometimes. 
Wishes pizza hut didnt make her so sick! Tastes so good 
Wishes Saturday night never ended 
Wishes Shaheen won britain's got talent  ah well..
Wishes she can hide under a rock and not come out 
wishes she can live at the library  it's so quiet .&amp; peaceful; &lt;3
wishes she can talk to him before my regents 
wishes she could actually use this 
wishes she could be in london with her brother tomorrow. Stupd GCSE's 
Wishes she could be out enjoying the sun 
wishes she could be with friends right now cant believe graduations over 
wishes she could drive. 
wishes she could find all of these cool things on the web 
wishes she could get the weekend back. turn back time. let it be Friday tomorrow. please?  http://plurk.com/p/yvqe1
wishes she could get twitterberry to work on the blackberry. 
Wishes she could go see transformers at 12 on Tuesday 
wishes she could have gone with her mom and sister.. i hate being sick. 
wishes she could have stayed home longer during lunch with her hubby.   
Wishes she could help @HiveNode feel lots better 
wishes she could improve her vocal skills. 
wishes she could just get away from EVERYTHING, atm 
wishes she could move out but doesnt have enough money to go anywhere  i will have to make due
wishes she could participate in cousin time 
wishes she could see Acey and Steve play together (ish) again tonight  Sure everyone going will have an amazing night!
Wishes she could see The Arlequins on Friday, but she doesnt live in Sydney 
wishes she could sleep right about now. 
wishes she could sleep.... 
wishes she could spend time with her friends.  Boo opening
wishes she could stop clenching her jaw 
wishes she could watch conan. got finals  i'm a celeb sux btw
wishes she didnt have school 2day. 
Wishes she didnt have such an overreactive imagination 
wishes she didn't have to work and was going to the presets tomorrow 
wishes she had &quot;good&quot; friends. You know... the kind you can trust no matter what! 
wishes she had a bacon sarnie not cereal for breakfast  http://plurk.com/p/1230ha
wishes she had a working bathtub so she can take a relaxing bath.  
wishes she had another day to revise for tomorrow  g'night xx
wishes she had another strawberry limeade. 
wishes she had better service here 
Wishes she had concert tix to see demi lovato 
wishes she had gone to the Dockyard bout. 
Wishes she had money so she could afford to leave the house. Missing out on fun this evening 
wishes she had money to buy a bad ass macbook pro 
wishes she had roof access 
wishes she had school today. i miss it 
Wishes she had smaller ear buds for her mp3 player... They're too big for my tiny ears! Ow!  ~*Wendy*~
Wishes she had some chocolate 
wishes she had some followers 
wishes she hadn't been sick for her best friend's birthday party. 
Wishes she hadn't dressed for winter 
Wishes she hadn't dropped her phone. It now doesn't recognise the memory card and I've lost my Tetris. 
Wishes she knew how to use twitter 
wishes she stayed at Edgar's place longer. Sounds like you guys had a lot of fun! 
wishes she wa sin the city with steve! 
Wishes she was anywhere but here 
wishes she was at bamboozle 
wishes she was at kings island with her best friend. 
-wishes she was at sway sway baby yesterday, getting so depressed lately 
Wishes she was at the Cubs-Sox game... 
Wishes she was at the Made Avail acoustic show... 
wishes she was at the pool.....not a work    someone save me pah-leeze!!!!!!!
wishes she was back in al ain. like right now! because she misses everyone  and why is she talking in second person?
wishes she was back in the city 
wishes she was going to graduation.  Boo work.
wishes she was going to see @gomeztheband tonight but already had Prodigy tickets  Figures it had to be on the same date.
wishes she was home.  i miss franklin. xo
wishes she was horse back riding today 
wishes she was in americaa to follow lily allens clues and get to see her  shes amazinggg
wishes she was in ATL where its normal to be awake at this hour 
wishes she was in cannes 
wishes she was in dallas...   blech.
wishes she was in Florida with her sister 
Wishes she was in PA right now to celebrate Anthony's birthday  I love you dude have a great sweet sixteen.
wishes she was in St. Louis enjoying the Yanni Voices concert but NOOOOOOO! She has to stay in Jersey 'cause she HAS NO MONEY!!!  
Wishes she was more confident 
wishes she was off at 5 today! 
wishes she was out livin' it up!!!! bad times 
wishes she was seeing the blackout tonight 
wishes she was seeing the Jonas Brothers and Demi Lovato again tonight  haha, Was honestly an AMAZING night (: &lt;3
wishes she was skinnier and not pale like a dead person or red like a lobster 
Wishes she was snuggling with Freado right now 
wishes she was still asleep, an it was still the weekend 
wishes she was still in bed  but got up early and now won't be able to go to sleep again 
Wishes she was still in high school 
wishes she were at Jump Up with @audreynapoleon. 
Wishes she were at the gala right now 
wishes she were in Cebu spending Mother's Day with family.  http://plurk.com/p/svgqd
wishes she were in Florida with her sister 
wishes she weren't so fat   @thatpoliticsguy I wanna go to Brizzle tomorrow too  It's a plan
Wishes she would Feel better. 
Wishes she would win the lotto so i never have to work again . Work stinks 
wishes she wuz in NYC wit her SIBZ   !!!
wishes shed been able to do the Deb 
wishes she's beside gerry 
wishes someone would @ message me!  I have no number beside @jaclynreinhart!   So far I am just following celebs and one person I know.
wishes someone would pay attention to her  lol.
wishes someone would send me an email. haven't gotten one from a read human being for days now. 
wishes that D&amp;B had called back last night, 
Wishes that it would actually be sunny in the summer 
wishes that she could go to the Mall of Asia here in the Philippines. err. my parents won't allow me. Huhu. T_T I wanna see the David's. 
wishes that she has a private jet so that she can go see her BFF @ times like this.. ok ok..ot really thinking of carbon footprint here. 
wishes that this wasn't happening, I still love you.... 
wishes that those Brazil-to-Paris plane victims could be found alive(which is sadly very doubtful).  
wishes that we could still something.....  http://plurk.com/p/x6acu
Wishes the Cavs beat Orlando 
wishes the food at grandpas would be ready so he can eat with the family before work.... 
wishes the h1n1 thing wasn't so bad! 
wishes the UFC XBOX LIVE wasn't so fucking jumpy when I have the best connection possible 
wishes the vacation would  be much, much longer! only 3 days left! 
wishes these things were easier to talk about 
wishes they'd fix kyte chat 
wishes things could be different. 
Wishes things were going better 
Wishes this feeling would just go away 
wishes to go out 
wishes to read twitter updates but no time to do it 
wishes to teleport to Manila..   http://plurk.com/p/xae60
wishes verizon had iphone 
wishes wag naman sana...  http://plurk.com/p/13sbkf
wishes we could go back 
wishes we had friends that would pop over and see us or even ring once in awhile blah blah! 
wishes we weren't here! 
wishes work wasnt cancelled 
wishh i was Out instead Of in da hOusee mann !  dis suckss
Wishin @LES726 was in my bed with me right now  goodnite daddy...
Wishin @statsninja @qudsiya, and Miss MIB get better. All have the flu. 
wishin a was stil in bed.such a rubish day outside 
wishin i had more time to figure this twitter out...cannot get it going on my BB phone 
Wishin' I was with you Air  I miss you over here! Have fuuuuuun.
wishin I wasn't so stubborn as I look  at my keyshia ticket 
wishin i would have remembered to go get madea goes to jail today.  oh well..
wishin my &quot;BEST FRIEND&quot; would talk to me!!!! 
wishin my babe was here wit me and not in iraq rite now 
WISHIN MY BABY WAS HERE WIT ME...I SO MISS HIM  ....SIGNIN OFF.
wishin tat i wasn't so broke...all the bloody time 
wishin u were up.. 
wishin we was back 2gether...I called him 2day cuz 4 the past 2days we was supposed 2 hang out...maybe I should let it go 
Wishing @Jadore_Chrissy would mail me some doubles!! And maybe those mini cupcakes from Soho  ***
Wishing @lilone1223 was here with me 
wishing @lindb263 a happy drunken 21st!  Sad I couldn't be there with you 
wishing @max17r0n would come over 
wishing 4 things I can't have 
wishing a big strong guy was here to hold me and rock me back to sleep bc I'm scaryuud! 
wishing all moms esp mines, a HAPPY MOTHER&quot;S DAY!! bout to go to work tho  can't spend mother's day with mom but she loved her gift!!!
wishing all that glorious sunshine would come back ! 
wishing Apollo would start feeling better. It makes me sad to see him sickly 
wishing beyond all things that i could be home with my pookie   Funny how things you can normally tolerate now sucks (
wishing bryn would tweet her coz she on a low today and mising him - doubt it will happen tho, hes too busy on youtube rather than work 
wishing dubai wasnt so freakin hot!!!!!! I wanna go outside 
wishing for a job offer for the hubby in Boston so we can move...or to win the lottery...both are as likely 
Wishing for a pulled pork sandwich, loaded up...!  Nothing open in this one horse town, this time of night 
wishing for just ONE MORE DAY OFF...the time always goes by way too fast   
Wishing for spring temperatures.....had to break out the winter jacket today 
Wishing he could be with me already 
Wishing he was getting brunch from towers 
wishing he was in a fairy tale book... 
Wishing her lofted bed would catch up to the decline in temperature outside. I'm marinating in my own sweat 
wishing hindi could be simpler 
Wishing I can be at bamboozle right now..studying all day 
wishing I could adopt all the strays laying out in the shade from the heat 
Wishing I could attend WordCamp NZ next month.  Most confirmed speakers were at WC Sydney last year and are great:  http://bit.ly/FDHlA
Wishing I could â™¥ songs on last.fm more than once 
wishing I could be at church to watch all the confirmands get confirmed but instead getting ready to put in a 9 hour shift 
wishing i could be at makerfaire today and tomorrow.... arriving in cali one day too late... 
Wishing I could be at my Ouma's funeral... 
Wishing I could be out partying instead of working 
Wishing I could be outside enjoying the sun. Gotta pay the bills though!  Hope some people r taking advantage of this beautiful day!!!
Wishing I could be with my Mom today... 
Wishing I could do more 4 mother than gift certificate as she's preppin 4 med appt Mother's Day&amp;cant leave 
Wishing I could do what Spain is doing right about now 
Wishing I could download my new expansion for Fallout 3! But &quot;they&quot; are watching the basketball game 
wishing i could edit faster.  
wishing i could enjoy the NHL finals tonight and learn to appreciate hockey even more.  will be studying for the bar.  
Wishing I could enjoy the weather today  working 11-7 WiSH me LUCK!!!
wishing i could figure out what to do with my life... this way.. that way.. still alone 
Wishing I could find a lawyer to work with me.  Ex is trying to ruin my life and trying to take my kids. Bastard
Wishing I could find Simon again........Can't get back on site.......  
Wishing I could get away from all the sadness I feel inside! I'm such a major push over feel. 
wishing i could get some sleep without waking up every two hours!!! no church for me today..my husband goes to work @ 7pm 
wishing I could go out tonight. had my lesson early but everyone is still at the beach 
Wishing I could go see the AVP today  Too much work to do.
wishing I could go to Cali with my Dad 
Wishing I could go to the Counting Crows consert Sept 3 in Central Park. 
Wishing I could go to the fire breathing thing down with the shifty people at the park that I was invited to 
Wishing I could go to the Fremont Freakfest (Soltice Parade) with my buddy, but really need to write and catch up on stuff. 
Wishing I could go to the Tour of Rock concert at the zoo amp tomorrow  some of my favorite bands will be there..
Wishing I could go watch Star Trek again  ~ &lt;3 all those #GQMF
Wishing I could have #bacon on my raspberry chicken flaybread sandwich... 
wishing i could have my own bernards watch so i could stop time for just a little bit! starting to get  now
wishing i could hear from my jimmy 
wishing I could help an old friend possibly in need of a bone marrow transplant  
wishing i could love the day... pain &amp; complications from surgery 
Wishing I could say Happy Father's Day in person to my Dad..........  
wishing i could see @JenKirkman @MCDONALDHEATHER @chelsealately in vegas this weekend!! 
wishing I could see the fireworks from my house 
Wishing I could sleep in when I actually have the time to do so... And now I am incredibly jealous of all my friends who can 
Wishing I could sleep.. 
Wishing I could spend Father's Day with my children and their mother.  But I'm looking forward to celebrating it with them next week.
wishing i could spend mothers day with my mom  happy mothers day mom!
Wishing I could spend time with Choppy today. He was crying on the phone speaking with Kibitzer and Magic 
wishing i could take a nap...but must work instead. 
Wishing I could take Rocky to drink from the fountain of youth.  
Wishing i could wake up from today and it just be a bad dream 
Wishing i could watch lost right now... that would be nice. 
wishing i could wear http://twitpic.com/7lv2y out today as they're incredibly comfy and warm but scared they'll get ruined 
Wishing I didn't care.  But I do. And I absolutely hate it. 
Wishing i didn't get dry mouth from my new meds.  
wishing I didn't get notes on my trailer!  
Wishing I didnt have anything to do right now 
Wishing i didn't have to be at work. 
wishing I didn't have to spend the whole day indoors.... 
Wishing i didn't live in az 
wishing i didnt spend quite so much time enjoying the beach yesterday!  sunburn.. owie 
Wishing I had $127 SO bad right now.  Me+$127=meeting Demi&lt;3 
wishing I had a big ass TV 
Wishing I had a direct connection to FOB so I could get my daughter tickets to see them perform with PATD and Blink 182!!  
wishing i had a drink 
Wishing I had a nap right about now. Unfortunately, homework is going to keep me from getting much sleep again tonight   yum, fish sticks!
wishing i had a new car 
Wishing I had a wonderful office view instead of this plain wall 
Wishing I had all of the senior pics so I could work on the slide show for Sunday.    I wonder
Wishing I had bought another Toyota. 
wishing i had golf clubs, so i could play with hubby 
wishing i had money!!!!! 
Wishing I had my boy toy...well man toy here with me!  guess umm shower and do homework instead of doing him! LOL LOL 
wishing i had my carmera 
wishing i had my laptop back...it had my favourite dvd in it 
Wishing I had my own vehicle again. 
Wishing i had my pillow from home  i hate night time in strange places
wishing i had red hair right now    finally updating my crackberry! totally shocked at my motivation.
wishing I had some glittery red pumps so I can just click my heels and be at the Lakers Parade!! 
Wishing I had someone elses nose... Sneazy  - http://bkite.com/08D1a
Wishing I had someone to hold onto tonight. 
wishing i had someones hand to hold. 
Wishing I had the money to get the Sims 3. Have to wait till pay day 
Wishing I hadn't agreed to work tomorrow! 
wishing i hadn't eat all the ice cream last night 
wishing i hadn't had a 'power nap' cuz now all i want to do is go back to bed 
Wishing I hadn't had that third gin and tonic last night. What a light weight. Off to work. 
wishing i lived in Van this summ so i could stalk b-cooper and the rest of the A team cast  http://www.inthelandoffralick.blogspot.com/
wishing i lived NYC... 
Wishing I was at Bamboozle 
wishing i was at chain reaction seeing @myamericanheart right now...why arent they playing SD or LA?! 
Wishing I was at home in bed. 
Wishing I was at home so I can watch the Nintendo conference at #E3! Sucks that I'm at school right now! 
wishing i was at lakewood with paramore  ... bout to watch slumdog millionaire ... and hoping @atlcutii made some twi.progress haha
Wishing I was at Manchester Orchestra 
Wishing I was at my best friend's graduation today 
wishing I was at Scarborough with my grobie friends instead of here getting ready to go on a hospital visit    
Wishing I was at th Supernatural Convntion 
wishing i was at the lake house party instead of being stuck at the rec. 
wishing I was at the Lakers parade 
Wishing I was at the maid of the mist right now. 
wishing i was at the pool party, even tho thats the same thing as saying i wish i was at work. poopy 
Wishing I was at the white party in the 'ston with my favs instead of watching the thunder + lightning in chi  p.s. did this work? 1st twt
wishing I was attending #beatweetup I even bought a badge 
wishing I was back in Quincy 
Wishing i was back in texas 
wishing i was doing something with my summer 
Wishing I was drunk with Monica! Not fair 
wishing i was getting $900 for free, but noooo! Mr Rudd wants to play mean!!! 
Wishing I was getting an iPhone 
wishing I was going back home this summer 
Wishing I was going to @ddlovato concert tonight 
Wishing I was going to the plaza! 
Wishing I was going to the USA with some of the @FASGirls to see not only @NKOTB but @jessemccartney too  Can you kidnap him girls? ta x
Wishing I was gonna see kenny tomorrowww.   
wishing I was headed to E3... There is always next year 
wishing i was home with my friends 
wishing i was in a good mood right nowww 
wishing I was in AZ with @Kristengrace1 to celebrate her bday 
Wishing I was in Bournemouth at the last WAYF of the year 
Wishing I was in Cookeville with the rest of my friends  
wishing i was in Dallas tonight 
Wishing I was in Dallas with JB on opening, watching NILEY perform Before The Storm  &lt;/3
Wishing I was in L.A. with him... 
Wishing i was in LA right now. 
wishing i was in LA right now. also trying to fit a new song in before i head off to bed. it's not going too great 
wishing i was in palm springs now watching Bidwell rock the stage....damn distance 
Wishing I was not awake.  Time to see what's on the tivo that might lull me to sleep.
Wishing I was on my way home from work already.. 
Wishing I was on the golfcourse today... but alas... no car 
wishing I was outside frolicking instead of folding past due invoices. 
Wishing I was outside in the beautiful weather......working instead 
wishing I was packing for NECC 
Wishing i was sleeping 
Wishing i was somewhere else  The UK is driving me nuts.
Wishing I was still at the shore 
Wishing I was still in Canada 
Wishing I was still in GREECE 
Wishing I was still in Palawan. 
Wishing I was still out at the hafla al-arabiya 
Wishing i was still sat in Piazza San Pietro! in the glorious sunshine, or having an ice cream at Fontane di trevi! 
wishing i was there, so you should go in my place. #brandwkshop http://tr.im/mOXL i see they've got scott bedbury and more.. poor me 
Wishing I was Thin GRAH Having a fat day  
wishing i was wearing a bikini instead of a sweater. this doesn't feel like summer 
Wishing i was with her 
Wishing I was with my dog Brodie! 
wishing i was with my girl she makes me soo happy but when shes gone im sad 
wishing I was with Shae at the beach today 
Wishing I wasn't at work - too sad to work it was so quiet this morning without my little man singing to me before I leave 
Wishing I wasn't broke so I could go to @taylorswift13 concert on Friday. 
wishing I wasn't having headaches everyday after cutting out sodas and caffeine 
Wishing I were @ the Black Enterprise Entrepreneurs Conference in Detroit right now.  Next year for sure!!
Wishing I were going to The Offspring tonight.  Oh Well. But TBS and Anberlin on Thursday! Awesome!
wishing i would have gotten on here earlier to see that stuart holden was literally 45 minutes away from me meeting him 
Wishing I would've gone to Transformers 2 last night at midnight 
Wishing I'd bought a games-spec PC (rather than web-spec) now that I've seen GRID is available for PC and just Â£9.99. Bah. 
Wishing I'd just been decisive and pre-ordered a 3GS before they sold out. Local AT&amp;T store isn't selling them until 10am unless you did. 
wishing i'd never made the &quot;if barca win the treble i'm getting a tattoo&quot; bet haha 
Wishing it was 3 am... 
Wishing it was a beach day instead of a work day!  
Wishing it was Friday  #peterfacinelli
Wishing it was still the weekend 
wishing it was the weekend..... that is wrong as it's only Monday! Think its going to be a long week 
Wishing it was this time last week and that I had a Coldplay concert to go to 
wishing it was warm!! it hurts!! 
Wishing it was winter again! Not looking forward to 100+ degree weather this week 
Wishing it wasn't 245 in the morning.  sleeping is awesome, work is not, and I need to scrub my apt!
wishing it wasn't 50 million degrees outside 
Wishing it wasn't over!!! 
wishing it would quit raining and be warm...  missing my Bailey very much today.  He'd be snoring on his blanket now  
wishing it would stay sunny 
wishing it would stop raining! i want summer   about to watch HSM3...again haha
Wishing Kerri was here  damn wisdom teeth!!!
Wishing last night s New Kids concert in Va Beach wasn't over 
wishing love didn't hurt 
wishing matt a happy birthday. work tonight 
Wishing Mayhem Fest was closer 
wishing melanie wasn't leaving me  so full from too much milk
wishing my @AlbaSeoneAnton sweet dreams and safe travels. shanghai will miss you dearly and so will i 
wishing my anniversary weekend could last forever...tomorrow busy-ness as usual. 
Wishing my bf was here. 
Wishing my BFF Karen would answer her phone 
wishing my boyf didnt hve to move away from timaz in 3 days!! 
Wishing my car was fixed. Hate riding to work. 
Wishing my Dad a very Happy Father's Day...I so wish I wasn't driving to Philly right now  http://myloc.me/4PBQ
Wishing my friend Craig would call so that I know he's OK. He takes the red line to work in DC 
wishing my hair would grow already... I swear my hair takes forever to grow! 
Wishing my headache would go away! 
Wishing my health was better, and my fiancial decisions were more prudent. 
wishing my hubby didn't have to work so much 
wishing my laptop was not broken. it has been over a year since the cable broke. i don't even know where the cable is 
wishing my mom would go grocery shopping...there is no food in this damn house!! 
Wishing my parents didn't live 14 hours away. Happy Father's Day 
wishing my sister would come home soon. its pretty lonely here without her 
wishing my throat wasn't so sore. 
Wishing my tummy didn't hurt 
Wishing night time wasn't the time when i think bout everything, hard nights smack me in the face and will be often these days, 
Wishing now that I'd gone and seen the Harry Potter bus in Leicester Square but the queues for it were stupidly long 
wishing on a seemingless pointless star....the wish will never come true.... 
Wishing OS 3 would get here already - 6.40 PM here in Germany! 
Wishing QUICKPWN would hurry up and release the jailbreak for 3.0 
Wishing really bad that I was leaving to go on my trip Northwest, but prob won't happen this year 
Wishing Saturday had not become a work day 
Wishing she could just make it all better 
wishing she had a man that would put her first 
Wishing she had mula baby to bo get some tacos from the taco lady. 
Wishing she was at The Cab concert tonight 
Wishing she were at the walk to complete the triple A 
Wishing sleep would stop eluding me 
Wishing some celebs would fucking follow me!!!!! Ugh twitter sucks if you're not one of them 
Wishing someone would show me the love i think i deserve or just let me be.. So confused 
wishing summer would come faster 
wishing technology wasn't so complicated 
Wishing that his name was michelle too, so there would be total confusing in the office..... 
Wishing that I didn't have to go to school today and I could just sleep through my exam   It looks like rain too....
Wishing that I didn't have to work all day 
Wishing that I had the day off!  Instead I'm working both jobs on a beautiful saturday.  
Wishing that my friend's kitten, who has been rushed to the vet will be ok. thinking that actually It's unlikely that it will 
wishing that our schools teachers were going on strike...could've been a day off 
Wishing that summer would come back 
wishing that the Vans Warped Tour was coming to Australia 
Wishing the MAGIC would have won....  
Wishing the neighbors dogs would develop laryngitis - barking 3 hours straight 
wishing the rain would go away for just a day..... 
Wishing the relentless gray days of rain would end 
wishing the rest of my friends knew how to use twitter!  I have no followers 
Wishing the second season of Ali G was available at Best Buy so I wouldn't have to order it online 
Wishing the sun would come out so I can float on the river....doesn't look like that's going to happen 
Wishing the sun would come out..the boys and I have cabin fever 
wishing there was a cure for cancer already. 
Wishing there was some better software for personal finance stuff in the UK. The US have things like Mint &amp; Quicken Online. We get squat 
Wishing there was someone to come over and play rockband with 
Wishing there was something good on the radio 
Wishing there was still House 
wishing there were more Pre apps 
Wishing there were new episodes of Ghost Hunters on 
wishing this chocolate protein drink actually tasted like chocolate 
Wishing this day was already over - I have to make sure 150 employees eat this morning for my Co.'s physical inventory count today. 
wishing this headache would go away 
wishing this headache would go away!!! 
Wishing tweeterck for iPhone had push notifications 
Wishing upon a wishing star he had a pool key..... 
wishing we could turn the AC on 
wishing we could use a jetway on this rainy sunday 
wishing we had a Krispy Kreme in my town. 
Wishing work was crazy busy!! But it's not 
Wishing you were by my side 
wishng Id worn sunscreen on my nose this weekend 
Wisom teeth out tommorrow :|  x
Wit My Chic @Mocha1012 yesss Ima miss ha!  Nite TweetieLuvs See YaLL in the A.M!!
wit my fave... watching Beverly Hills Chihuahua. I want a puppy so bad 
with @destineebaker for roosevelt graduation. adios seniors 
with @moronoxim and @marypiii in a crowded computer class. 
With @SDotGr8ness talking about Smiles, hoes and getting me a girlfriend..lmao &quot;he's so ackward buuuuuuut I like it!!!&quot;  I miss him LOL
with @taylorgoto .. watching hsm2 sing along, wishes it was the third tho 
With 2 menz in da house, it's meat meat and more meat - this diet is killing me 
With a heat index today of 110, I'm not looking forward to July. It still feels like 95 
with a little pain in my elbow.. again 
with a lot of stress...    || via http://m.itsmy.com/
with a lot to do for my new apartment...and the time and weekends are not my friends 
with a name like '16 Bit Lolitas' i was expecting something more than generic Arse-Trance 
With all the #maxout stuff, I forgot about Leggard  #f1
with all the clothes i fold daily, i should be a retail employee pro 
With all the fam for the day celebrating my cousins birthday!!! Happy Birthday H.B! Last two days at home 
With all this blatant disregard for human-rights going on in Iran, can't @wikileaks help? http://bit.ly/ph8Ea There's no news there. 
With all this talk of divorce, no wonder why I have commitment issues 
with an 8-minute delay, my monday started. yay... gosh I'm tired 
With andrew  
With Anita right now, later i'm watching the Proposalllll ....well if i don't have work 
With author Grant Ginder in Dupont gawking at movie trucks/trailers. No Paul Rudd. 
With autopilot system to tell you the truth I am not doing anything! Visit http://bit.ly/P5HEfj --Moving out and leaving Wallace 
With Aya! Gilpaka got cancelled 
with back pain 
with brylee and melissa just had a paint fight and i fell in dirt 
With Emily; Nt Well 
with energies to make a movie 
With everything else going on, it looks like a saturday cookout/grand opening is out of the question 
With farah on a bus stuck in traffic 
with friends again  Mum's annoying me again though  don't wanna break another phone tough 
With friends like VaikO,Nedumaran, LTTE didn't need enemies. Wrong advice at wrong time led to numerous deaths &amp; a lost cause as well 
with gabe... but in the worst fucking mood ever... 
With Gran... All OK... Had a fall on Sunday and didn't ring... Grandpa Fred took her to hospital... the whole thing! What can you do? 
With hadeache.. 
With headachee! 
with hubby at the dentist ready to hold his hand  and getting nervy about potentially buying a car tomorrow
with jaclyn. we have nothing to do... 
With Jessica...WENt to pool...yesssssssssss.Tariks party was fun... I wish it was longer 
With Jr &amp; mommy about to go into Dr's appt...I think it's shots time 
With ju, clare, elly and zoe about to leave marbella 
with milanka, i want libby to come back 
With mira on her last day... So sad were all gunna miss her! 
With moms eating a big bowl of ice cream and everything else in sight. I need to get back to LA, but now I'm afraid to drive 
WITH MY BESDFRAN (: work tomorrow  gaaaaaah . i got a new camera for graduation ... but i dont get it until graduation hahaha fak
with my best friend till 2  &lt;3
With my bff about to watch hangover and then back home   duty calls
With my bff gab and I would like to get my Monroe pierced 
With my brother in home :s    he`s noot exactly like i want it
With my cousin whilst she's getting ready for prom  I wish we had a prom nowww ;[
With my mama. I wanna go swimming. imissaaronalottoday, 
With my mom at the dentist 
with my parents for a lovely dinner out....Not the same without my little sis though!!!!  xxxxx
With my twin.Couldn't find the People magazine with Demi&amp;Selena 
With my two guys!! queriendole dar un fuerte abrazo  suck but i can't
with myleisha&lt;3 2 years was too long 
with new website launch, myspace and cafe press sites are a mess  bear with me as we get everything fixed! www.carlyphillips.com
With Nick Jonas writing a song! Blah blah blah!!! Ok, I'm jealous. 
with no football on the TV, I have been reduced to watching Cooking programmes 
with people who hate twitter 
With sandy and thomas... I just want to go home... 
With the benign weather patter, we have cancelled plans to chase. 
with the cousins at the pooool. i wish it was summer and i didn't have to wake up for school tomorrow 
with the fam.  not ready to go back 2 work 2morrow! 
with the flu 
with the good comes bad .. no more space in #kelby training's CS4 course in Toronto.  Sold out last week! @ScottKelby send more north!
With the help of my mom and uncle my garden is tilled, primed for planting. My whole Sunday is dedicated to the task. And it's raining. 
With the Jim Hugunin keynote withdrawn  PSF Chair Steve Holden will be doing a PSF talk followed by Q&amp;A. Evangelise the  from @JohnPinner
With the new updated TwitterFox my Firefox starts like a old truck - needs a lot of time to get going. 
With the news BBC is abandoning Ruby for Java  people keep sending me links to: http://bit.ly/K4nyn  
with the rain comes my headache again....booo..it went away when the sun came out.  rain rain go away...
With the way this damn game is going, we just might see LeBron in a Knicks Jersey next year 
with the whole &quot;Maintenance&quot; thing. It won't even let me send a message to my friend  FINISH ALREADY!!!!
With this bbq, i hope people contribute instead of leaving us out of pocket 
With twinny..nothing to do 
With Twitter's little change on: posted mins ago from sumwhere, I'm bit  that would mean, error or can't explore new external twit apps
With work... I miss everybody without going anywhere... 
With you is where i'd rather be, but we're stuck where we are... It's so hard, you're so far.This long distance is killing me... 
with you. Your jst gonna make me sadder if you go 
withdrawal symptoms 
Withdrawal symptoms? why do i feel so sad? grow up steph  
Withdraws, Been up all night 
Within an hour and a half Friday afternoon, we'd booked it, packed it and fucked off - to Torquay. Work doesn't feel quite as exciting 
without a cell...no texting or calling for me until further notice 
without all this shit. I'm so sad that you think it will make you more lovable 
without net...bad times 
Without pc 
without sleep, without having to do 
without words.. 
witnessed a bad car crash this morning&amp;was nearly involved.very frightening  im still shaking...wish ppl would take more care when driving
witnessed a little girl on a wooden bike w/ no pedals crash into a stone bollard because she couldn't/wouldn't break eye contact with us 
witt my earphones for my ipod just broke 
Wizard World after party? Skeletor karaoke? Worst time to have a cardiac ablation ever  I am so bummed to miss out on this!!
WKD and sore neck isn't funny   But I'm watching &quot;What Should You Do&quot; half tipsy...half fun? xD
Wku internet is down!!!!  i need my internet! Blah...withdrawl is a bitch
Wl try to slp. Nobdy here. 
WMG disabled audio of a russel peters video 
wnats to have a pool party and water fight, but girls are funny acting about hair and guys won't come with no girls! 
wnt 2 go dwn 2 jazz &amp; blues fest but wanna spnd tyme wit fam B 4 Slago leve. ths tha hrd prt, letin' go til tha nxt tyme. (a'tea, a'te) 
Wo ber re qi :-S wo yao he liang cha! Zai zhe you ma?  neng zhao bu dao...sighs
woa!!! i just listend to Jennette McCurdy sing with just an acoustic guitar and WOW!!! shes amazing!!! jezz i wish i could sing 
woa. i wanna be home now and make photos.  I MISS MY LAPTOP ! 
woaaah..its over  i love the movieâ™¥ goshh. i want to watch it again &amp; againâ™¥
woah ! just lost  12 followers 
woah Danny La Rues dead 
woah Grams isn't upset..she's understanding..Now if I could just get my head on straight about everything else..  xx
Woah I'm watching earth year2100 and woah that so sad! My grandkids! 
Woah it's almost 4 o'clock. I need some rest! 
Woah that wasn't intended 
woah!  I'm looking at my new schedule...woah! 
Woah! I finally looked in the mirror. Damn I'm sexy! Oh yah and I'm really tan 
Woah! Susan Boyle lost.  I would still buy her album. Go the Scots!
Woah! What the bloody hell are they doing letting that woman bash the monarchy on Question Time!? Oh dear, oh very dear! 
Woah!!!! Have I even seen a more amazing sunset with my own eyes? Where is my camera?!! 
woah, 104 followers. wuuuut?!    had a fun wee day today. propaaaa tired tho 
Woah, Hell in Chapel Thrill is closed. No more sweaty basement dance parties?? 
Woah, holly has taken over my Internets!  http://ff.im/4lW5U
WOAH, its a fkin tsunami goin on outside.. proper heavy rain!!! 
Woah. Guess Swine Flu has become a worldwide thing. 
Woah. I totally didn't wnat to get up this early during the summer 
woah. im really sick.  this came out of nowhere
Woah. Starburst gummies were a baddd choice. 
woah..haven't updated my twitter for a week which was excruciating! haha been busy in school sorry guys 
woahhh havent updated in forever 
Woe is me- no sitter for the ferals so not going to brisbane tweet meet tonight 
woh. saya memang aneh 
Wohaa, it's dentist-time 
Wohhh ... Huge gust of wind 
wohhOO! but i think ill be addicted to online games... 
WOhoo GADGET SHOW SPECIAL TONIGHT!!!  last one.
wohoo! why not : P I cant fill 140 characters  so i'll just say blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaablaaaaaaablaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa)
woih. tade mood tade mood na onlineeee! 
woke back up again , im not feeling good 
Woke everyone up on the way out this morning. Well done me. 
Woke from my nap with a cold sore.  Boo. Instant mashed taters were pretty awful too.
woke in a blaze of horror, thought it was hella late,yes i used hella, but it wasnt. having some coffee and do work before i go to work 
Woke Johnny up b/c the dog was breathing crazy for 10+ mins. Huffing, snorting, panting, labored. Seems OK now but keeping my eye on her. 
woke out of nowhere with the worst migraine in my life feel like im dying plz help 
Woke Thomas up  seems like we will be going with the late bedtime tonight. Meaning, we have time to take Thomas out for ice cream afterall
Woke up , I miss LA 
Woke up .. Bank Holiday..Day off.. then realised only 2wks to the formal launch of our online pubishing company. Working a few hrs now 
woke up @ 11 due to bad bad stomach cramps  french, doctors, then oxford street!
Woke up @6AM, then woke up @8:15AM, my inner alarm clock didn't work today 
Woke up 10 times during my sleep because of the stupid cough I have!! Loosing my voice  its so bad!
woke up 40minutes ago i hate waking up for school especially this early 
Woke up 55 minutes ago | have to go to school soon 
woke up a bit late  sad i have to go to school!
Woke up a little late  about to get ready for work..
woke up a while ago even if i wanted to sleep til 12 or 13  in sl with miwa and tad.
Woke up a while ago. Too fucked to do anything, I'm ill  Won't tutor today! Gonna have lunch then meds then sleep. Gah! x
Woke up about an hour ago for no reason.. so much for sleeping in today 
Woke up about an hour ago. My nose is so damn stuffy that it's hard to breathe  I even blew into 4 tissues and I HATE blowing my nose 
Woke up about an hour ago. My stomach hurts so bad 
woke up after cycling at 6 am... today's my relaxing day!! i think that tomorrow im gonna leaving for my grandma's house!!! i miss her 
Woke up after two hrs or so of sleep, to an epic stomach ache and the need to vomit. Considering not going to class today. 
Woke up all cold-ish from my nap. Hope I don't get sick! 
woke up and a spider was crawling on my arm...idk where he went...i refuse to back in my room 
woke up and bought a ticket to Sweden for tonight. and went to bed again.and woke uo again Ckecking the youtube. traveing allnight 
Woke up and cant get back to sleep 
Woke up and can't go 2 bed now 
Woke up and can't go back to sleep even though I'm really tired. Lol And in a slightly bad mood. 
woke up and can't go back to sleep..supposed to be up in 3hrs for school. yea I'm deff sick..i feel terrible. 
Woke up and feel great! Sorta! I feel rested but my stomach is working for me. That means I'm going to have to ditch out of a grad party. 
Woke up and feel like hurling. No school for me today 
Woke up and feeling sick. 
Woke up and felt a sharp pain in the back of my leg. No school for me today 
woke up and hour ago..what a waste of a sunday 
woke up and my tummy still hurts  but refusing to go back to sleep.
Woke up and thought it was night 
woke up and thought it was sunday 
Woke up at 1:00am and haven't been able to go back to sleep. 
Woke up at 10 thinking, &quot;surely this virus is on it's way out!&quot; But nooooo, it's still there! 
Woke up at 2:30pm. Not even midnight and I'm already yawning. 
woke up at 2pm today and have nothing to do! 
Woke up at 3 am.  Can't get back to sleep. Going to be a long day today! 
woke up at 3.20am and still awake, boy this is going to be a long day... bastard injuries keeping me awake 
