Toodles! (Thanks for the #ff @sris22 @thelastressort - miss you too! - @lostgirl66 @pensm) And a hallo to @frak! Now I'm off to work... 
Took @thefestive to Stoney River. My stomach does not know how to expand 
Took @xtfrtalr to work then took me 40 minutes to get home... Worrying even more bout dentist! 
took 2 great catches and a wicket playing Cricket today but injured his shoulder in the process 
Took a 4 hour nap after work today and won't be able to sleep all night    This is a bummer
Took a bath this morning. About to catch a flight to japan. Cleaned these guys. Ouch   http://twitpic.com/6bqkc
Took a big spill this morning - missing most of the skin on my thigh, ankle and elbow. I'll also need new shorts and a rear derailleur 
took a bit of a break today. I have this massive headache that even extra strength Tylenol can't kill. Yikes. 
Took a bread knife to the finger  http://yfrog.com/48o8jj
Took a bus trip out to the post office to pick up my hormones.  No small task; I was out for hours.  Forgot my ID and could not get them. 
took a day off from school, not feeling well  gosh, it's horrible weather outside too XD
Took a dump for like 20 minutes and missed the ending of futurama  sadface
Took a kind-of nap, too. My tummy hurts. 
took a look in the mirror and said 'wassup', yeahhhh makin monayyyy. :]  .. but, working my life away 
Took a nap and woke up. Vibes are slightly better. Sorry for the negative update, I try to avoid those 
Took a nap at birch. Somehow I got to Valeria's place. I'm hungry. 
Took a nap that ended up lasting 7 hours! Now I'm wide awake! 
Took a nap this afternoon and had a dream where I was being tortured...o_O  I must be a masochist 
took a nap with Micah just now and I'm still exhausted...Might resort to coffee...wait no, it's too late in the day for coffee 
took a nap... now Im too lazy to study for the bio test 
took a screenshot of my bank account balance as of today! mamimiss kita! 
Took a shower and it's already 1-0 brazil lol 
Took a turn for the worse, feeling really horrible today. Coughing is bad, nose is bad, and now it moved to my right ear  i'm fallin apart
took a very nice nap, forgot about the CAC graduation 
took all day Sunday and Monday to recoup from the craziness of Saturday...now it's time to clean and get ready for the week 
so bored without the leafs playinggg 
so bored! 
So bored! Nothing to do tomorrow!     Not impressed!
SO BORED!!!!!! 
SO BORED!!!!!!!!! 
So bored!still mad about not being able to see all time low at the galleria and their acoustic session. 
SO BORED, and im not tired. &quot;/, oh well 
so bored, found out, i can't touch my nose with my tongue  sad times lmao!
so bored, happy, sad school almost over!! freinds leaving for the summr 
so bored, i dnt know what should i do 
So bored, I want to sleep. But a What i like about you marathon is on  So ill probibly tough it out for a little while longer.
so bored, i wish today was nicer so i could go outside  !
so bored, mum and sister went out without me  :@ gahh im so bored!
So bored, no one is on myspace, aim, twitter, buzznet, and I have no new emails  message me! Haha
so bored, so very very bored.. 
SO bored. 
So bored.  ~exam week :[
So bored.  Somebody talk? x
so bored. :/ I miss my sissy. this summer is going to be the worst.  &lt;3
so bored. cant believe the weekend is over! 
So bored. Cant sleep. Cant get up 
so bored. dont know what do a. Maybe  a home made porn with my  Friends brother ?   pS: Cant even spell 
So bored. Getting some gas and redbull. Another 2 hours o driving  yucky
So bored. I hate work-school. I hope Sunday isn't so boring like this morning 
so bored. nothing to do. have practice from 6-9, and thats it. 
So bored. Plus i have weight lifting tomorrow Euh! i dont want to go. 
So bored. School tomorrow  so not ready.
so bored. schools out and i miss my friends. 
so bored. seeing the girls tomorrow, farewelling Ani 
So Bored. Watching Royal Ascot but got no notes to bet with  how much does it cost to get from Wembley Park to Harrow on the Hill ? x
so bored.. 
so bored.. still no internet at home. 
So bored...  I miss my kitten... 
So bored... And I regret so much not going to dad in Canada this year! 
So bored... Twitter is my only lease of life in work. 
So bored...I am watching I Love The New Millenium on VH1! 
So bored...I miss Kylee. 
so borin.... got nobody 2 chat with.. 
So boring  My parents are gonna out for a party and they let me and my brother be at home
so boring &amp; nobody wants to go out 
So boring...just lying in my bed  nobody wants to do something  http://twitpic.com/6ewu6
took alt uphill route on way home, still sucked + traffic w/no shoulder  do i dare try again tomorrow? just need to remember shoes...
Took an hour nap and now I'm up??? Ugh! I'll never get back to sleep 
took an hour!   Almost out of work, woohoo!!
took another quiz &quot;what kind of fairy are you?&quot; and im an emo fairy. i really wanted to be a fire fairy  hahahaa.
Took calculus exam today, I think that I did well. I messed up one derivative identity though  Well, I never miss that one again.
Took car in for a service. Didn't have right change for bus. Realised I left pass in the car, security took ages to let me in the office! 
Took charlie to puppy jail bc vaca starts today. Still sad even tho I'll see him next week. 
Took down the poker tourny today. Sorry hallstar   had to make that $$$
Took Garrett to the airport. Sad  But we had a lot of fun while he was here. He is quite the teenager now!
Took Jessie and Abraham to the doctor. Jessica has the flu  Was given Tamiflu.  She is able to go to school on Monday.  She misses it.
took Karma to school  watching Sesame Street with the baby
Took Keira to the fun fair at Hazel, was nice until we returned home.  
took kiddo to get his glasses and he looks very handsome in them...can't believe how fast he's growing up 
Took load of clothes (good ones!) to charity shop y'day and bought lovely enamel broach for Â£1.99  Broke when I put it on this morning 
Took Malamutes to the vet, Dakoda has rear leg injury, on meds for a wk. may need x-rays. not hip, or knee, or ACL tear. So what is it? 
Took me 2 times to get over the wall. What killed me was the 150 lb dummy that you can't drag. 12  seconds over. 
Spent my time and money planning a trip that's not pulling through 
Spent several thousand dollars and got no electronics 
Spent so much if my life waiting, ended up waiting my whole life out! 
Spent some of last night at a mates getting eaten alive by midges - ugh! Back in  the office today though 
Spent some time exploring Atlas and Hercules craters; re-finding things in UMa; Oph; Ser Caput; &amp; Saturn w/ a fogged eyepiece   Home by 2a
spent the afternoon blasting dirt off the deck. damn, pressure washers are unconscionably noisy 
Spent the afternoon trying to work; think I spent as much time tweaking my environment as I did writing code. 
Spent the catching up with old friends, God today's has been great besides the broken toe. 
Spent the day at Phakisa yesterday... I so gotta get a bike 
spent the day at the #USOpen, practice round. It was a gorgeous day and a lot of fun. No Tiger, though. 
spent the day boating, didn catch anythin  ... still, fun trying!
Spent the day fiddling with bike. Various new bits including cables. Shifting is lovely now. It's so clean I don't want to get it mucky 
spent the day installing drivers, playing with legos and eating vietnamese food. today's to-do list?  about 15% done 
spent the day on the road with Cat to Sydney with hardcore laryngitis. I have never been so silent in my life. I LOVE talking 
So boyfriend #1 came 2 the house 4 a split second, soon as he left #2 popped up 5 min later. Wow I wish they couldv'e met each other 
So Brad won for Male video of the year, congrats!!  Still wish Keith had won! 
so broke  I hate this feeling
So Bryan Michael Cox jus came and took our VIP section  its ok cuz we back in this hoe!
So buggered from school today and I have work still to go 
so bummed about not being able to go see @diazdave this weekend. i miss him very much 
so bummed had this awesome long blog of my antics today and it disappeared 
So bummed I dont get to watch the Laker game tomorrow... I'll be stuck at work 
So bummed out I can't see Kayla and Ash today 
So bummed out right now that after tonight I dont know whenthe next time Ill see mybest friend is 
So bummed that I can't see LTJ in June  hoping for a UK yoke soon
so bummed that I couldn't go to damon and baylee's party last night... damn husband not letting me out 
So bummed to be missing #pdxCodeCamp. 
so bummed, missed out on P!NK tickets for her Melbourne concerts.    and still  
so burned!!! 
So busy getting the girls ready for school this morning that I forgot to give them a cuddle. 
so busy lately...don't even have time for twitter 
So busy today and not feeling the greatest ... gonna b a long day 
so busy today, so much to do! still gota pack! Hungry aswell 
So busy with work 
So buzzed. I still haven't eaten today. We're riding with mad heads to ale house to watch the game. Wish @traceyj305 was coming. 
so Cali went from NWA to Cube to 2Pac to G-Funk to... &quot;you a jerk jerk jerk jerk&quot; 
So changin mi cell phone means that it wont let me twitter from my fone oMG wat m i gonna do now 
so cleaning my room was an epic fail!  oh well, i'll continue tomorrow!
So clearly the new Jay-Z record has dropped, and I'm the only one in the known Twitterverse who hasn't heard it. 
So close 2 getting my tatt 2day but we got 2 the tatt shop a wee bit 2 late!  looks like next weekend!
so close but Lord knows we are still so far....  
So close to finishing the mockup, but I can't figure out where to put the RSS button . Spent an hour alone on that thing, still no dice 
so close to meeting them.  i have pictures though. at least i got a wave and a smile. how sad.
So close to my goal of 120 miles. My legs are aching tho.  I will get there! X
So close yet so far away from the cd. 
So close yet so far for Sutil &amp; Force India  # Shanghai
so close yet so far..failure amp..so disappointed 
Took me 3 min to figure our what day of the week it is. Hump Day is trumped by the nausea created at the thought of firing people. 
Took me few hours to discover flex builder stores its lib src under src folder and not under lib 
took Ms. Vice advice, alphabetized his unlabelled spices, then (sans advice) knocked over the whole rack.  
took my baby 2 get her shots 2day she needed lots of hugs &amp; kisses but glad we got it over with!! 
took my brother to &quot;bot chien&quot;... I should not drink &quot;sinh to bo rau ma&quot;. I don't think my tummy likes it 
Took my cam &amp; tripod over, all gung ho on tking my gpa's pic, &amp; he wasn't in /o\ I tried to take my gma but she threw me out the door wtf 
took my doggy to the vet this morning.. hope we don't put her down tonight. 
took my niece on her first whale watch yesterday - not a lot of whale sightings though 
Took my walk in this heat. Now I'm drained. Wish I can go to the graduation. Can't do anything anymore 
Took off from work 2morrow4 my S.o.S bday! I'm super excited2 sleep in tomorrow!!! Not thrilled that in a week n1/2 mite b goin on strike 
Took one of the cats (Kipling) to the vet this morning to have a wobbly tooth removed. Gonna be worrying about him all morning. 
Took out his beloved tongue ring.  My tongue is swollen and the tongue ring was just causing more pain.
Took pain med, did dishes, cooked tacos, vision blurry from pain. Canceling rest of today's plans  @evil_cactus bathed Tumble for me &lt;3
took robert to the vet, poor little man had a thermometer stuck up his bum and then an injection!! he was cringing in the corner 
Took some benadryl yesterday and it KNOCKED me out; so I missed my date  luckily he said today was fine...
So close, so very close 
So close.  #dodgers
so cold and its not helping that its raining outside 
so cold here 
So cold in Melbs 
so cold this morning  I don't wanna get out of my house
So cold today... kinda feeling a bit blue from all this cold. 
so cold!!! The heating doesn't come on until 10:30 
So cold, so sick. 
So cold. 
SO cold. can't think straight with the glaze fumes all over the house. I feel a headache coming on... 
So Conan is over  ...  now to watch Madagascar 2   !
So confuse 
So confused about everything  I know God is in control tho
so confused about so much 
So Confused With This Tumblr...Twitter Confuses Me  ..Mon The Bebo!
So confused. 
So cut off. So alone. 
so cut... missed out on all the TCE EXTREME MERCH!, in my sizes 
so dailybooth doesn't twitter my pics  so here ya go tweeter bitches. http://dailybooth.com/w00tJAMES/515516
So dam lonely 
so damn cold 
so damn hot 
So damn hot. &amp; pyongi and mj are gone forever. 
So damn hot...i cannot conc on my studies at all  - http://tweet.sg
So damn lazy I need to walk to the library to print stuff! I wanna do something fuckk school 
so damn tired, who know EdiFact here?? even BizTalk hates using that standard why should I hardcode something like that in c# 
So damned scared of the future...I can't tell you what I'm going to do next... Problems &amp; problems &amp; problems... 
so delirious... still at the office...  another long night.  yiiiikes! 
so depressed ......really miss som1  , but sal you cheered me up this mornin and guess what i downloaded fast car ! hahah xx
SO depressed cause our dorm is showing MILK Wed. night and I can't go because I have a meeting. 
so depressed rite now!  cant talk
So depressed shopping wasn't even fun 
So depressed! My computer died a horrible death just before raid tonight &amp; I missed our guild first Yogg-Saron kill 
so depressed. 
So depressed. Just closed the door on my college house for the last time.  welcome to being an adult.
Took Sophia to yoga hoping it would calm her down.  If anything, it made her more rowdy   I don't get it...
took test got 85 should of done better no going to try togo to bed hope i feel better soon 
Took the dog for a walk wearing shorts and t-shirt in the rain. Now I'm hungry but have to wait til 6 to eat 
Took the dog for a walk...now he's got that wet dog smell.  
took the dogs for a drive!! missing 18469 sooo much and everyone there!  writing letters and sending packages td
Took the girls to the dentist today.  NOT very good news, I'm sad to say!  
Took the moped for an inaugural ride after it's trip to the shop. Started at 35mph. Slipped to 30 after 2 miles, then 20, 10, 5... push 
Took the morning off class... this weather has my head and body aching. Not fun.. 
took the munchkin to the dr this morning. he got 2 vaccines   Now I'm at the dentist with his dad  
Took the sat today...lame! 
Took the subway. From the stop closest to where I'm staying to the stop close to the office: about 10 minutes. Kinda unkept, too. 
Took the wrong bus to work  http://myloc.me/3Y8G
Took them contacts out.  My eyes were getting dry. 
Took this picture today at my grandmas house aka my old home  I miss my nana. http://mypict.me/4ANn
Took tickets to go home. I should plan better next time. 9k round ticket. CHN-MUM 
took Tylenol PM but no luck sleeping yet 
Took us 1 hour to get to my parents for dinner bc the power is out all over 40E side of town. Boo! Ruined our dinner plans. 
tool in Ubunutu for creating effects with windows etc....anyone tell me the name of it...can't remember 
Tool tickets sold out.  
tool=great band. On the ride home @Timthehint established that i can't count past 4, so my dreams of being in Tool flew out the window 
so devo i have netball thingo on sat, so no more gig 
So diappointed Dr. Tea's my favorite hideaway is closed. It had a beautiful serene zen garden 
so did NOT move today. Hoping to close Thursday @ 3 
SO did not want to wake up this morning   at least i finally have some time this evening to just relax
so didn't get the job 
So didnt get the job  also...y does life have 2 b so complicated?
So difficult to cut through all the noise. Who to trust? I feal fear 
So difficult to find a decent, seamless floral pattern for free.  Unless I'm missing something.
So dinner... decided not to pick up will have delivery. Trying new pizza place as our old one closed 
So disapointed,good Evans,  they sound really bad, so out of tune  #britainsgottalent
So disappointed in Everton 
So disappointed with the #Pens right now I turned off the TV. It was too painful to watch. Back on and it's a 5 on 3 for the Wings. 
So disappointed with this whole weekend... and it's only Saturday morning 
So disappointed. Am receiving an invite to an ordination, actually Mass of Thanksgiving May 17.  Can't go, will be in class!   
SO DISSAPOINTED IN PPL  IM EVERY1S BEST FRIEND BUT WEN I NEED SUM1 ITS A JOKE HA IM A FRIEND OF CONVINIENCE
so dissappointed right now guess its not meant to be 
so distracted. 
So does not want to work today 
so does not want to work today, or tomorrow, orrr Saturdayyyyy 
So does this mean im going to have to retitle the &quot;What's Kanye's Lesbian Girlfriend Wearing This Week&quot; section of my site? 
so does this mean nomore lebron and kobe commercials..ima miss those they were funny 
So does voltaic come out on the 23rd or the 30th? Not soon enough either way 
So done with FB, once again tis a virus on there 
so don't wanna go to work, wanna finish ma movie. 
So don't want to leave sunny florida for rainy new york 
so drained ...tired of people and their lies 
So drained from stocktake  - Don't know how I lasted with only 4 hours sleep...never eaten a fish supper so quickly before tonight.
So drunk I love erin so much for riving us. Mark is drunk and going to lick my face 
So early  but it's time to work. My coffee tastes good. My car is waiting, put my music on and drive!!
ToonTown is down 
Tooo much! Work and lots of report gotta finish by today! 
tooo tierd to eat? what im going crazy need some sleep! 
toooo much outside killen my eyes 
Tooooo tired for this  Work at 3. I hope I don't screw it up tonight!
tooooornado warning 
Toootoootooo much homework. Physics SHOULD be forced to go die. Not allowed to drop it though 
Tooth ache! And english language gcse tomorrow 
Tooth canal today @ 3! 
tooth extraction yeah it was totally painless .....til now 
Tooth hurts  It is doing so since the wisdom tooth was pulled out... :S
tooth is fucked up. 
Tooth is killing me again 
tooth is sore from the dentist yesterday 
Toothache  Can anyone recommend a good dentist either in Shoreditch or Shepherd's Bush? Or should I brave the BBC dentist...?
toothache ! uhhh gosh 
Toothache ... Seems as if tomorrow the dentist get work.  
toothache and migraine, why me 
toothache errghh 
toothache giving me a headache.  suspect it's my wisdom tooth erupting. :|
Toothache is coming back, will be back in the dentist chair on Monday! 
toothache.  curse you popsicles.
Toothaches suck...just in case you wanted to know 
tooTOO__much vanilla ice+cream lol 
Tootsie pop, or lollie pops? Tootsie pops....definitely. Too bad I don't have either. 
Top 20 songs that will make you cry  http://tinyurl.com/pzyflg - do you agree with these? :o
Top 20 UK celebrities on Twitter - two new faces in the top five - but Coldplay still number one   http://bit.ly/Bp99R
Top 3 annoying ADs: Frooti AD @3.. Good Night AD with ughh ughh @2 and The winnner is New Kurkure AD: Swargwasi hai par maasi hai 
Top Chef Masters then bed. I still want to know why Padma isn't the host! 
top lip swolen from what we've worked out to be wasp sting. Looks like i'm not allergic though as got no pain elsewhere. not fun though 
Top of the 8th and its tied 1-1. Not to mention its fucking cold and Jaidyn hasn't been behaving 
so early  the kittten woke me up 15 mins ago and won't leave me alone
so early to be up, 7:15, I guess I am getting old! old people can't sleep 
so early wish I was still sleeping but can't while my wife is at work 
So effin tired rite now  maybe not enough diet coke 4 me 2day? Gnite ppls
So effing cold. dont wanna go schoool tmr if i cant get up 
So effing tired.  - So effing tired.  http://bit.ly/4kv8wK
so elliot didn't show up for the run today. i ran only, now i have a quarter size blister. 
so embarrassing to send an email reply to the whole division - all thanks to the Reply All button 
So Emma has a moderate size hole in her heart.There's a chance it could heal on it's own,but there's a chance it could need surger 
So ends another fun filled day   Gonna do my return trip &quot;count&quot;. Some don't care. But then some do.
So Ethan made friends with a little bug today, named him ethar.  Then Mia tried to give the bug a high five...  rest in peace ethar 
so everybody is officially out of nextel.. i dont have anybody to chirp anymore...  ... I guess its about time to get a new phone...
So everyday..school ends at 5 pm..and I have tutorials on Mon. Wed. and Thurs. .... 6:30.. 
So everyone got their RWA National agent appointment times emailed to them last night.... EXCEPT ME 
So excited about my new louis vuitton purse!! But griffin is now working every single night until I leave.... 
So excited about seeing Bruni, not out for ages yet though 
So excited for a nap right now. Never been excited for a nap, but I guess that is what happens when you only get two hours of sleep! 
spent the day shopping with babes.  ehh its so hot still bleh 
Spent the day updating my portfolio. I'm getting scared about this portfolio review day on Sat... 4 hrs with a bunch of total strangers! 
Spent the evening in the ER with half of my face paralyzed just to get a &quot;Come back tomorrow for x-rays.&quot; Oh, curses! 
Spent the last hour basking in glorious glorious sunshine. Too bad the next five days will be crummier 
spent the last hour looking through old pictures of my Dad. Had a good cry. Need to be alone right now. Feeling very depressed and sad. 
Spent the last hour or two looking at old photos. Some of those times I definitely miss. 
Spent the last hour signing yearbooks. I'll miss you guys! 
spent the last lesson in the sick bay today  bleh. I had a good awake-nap though. cannot stop thinking, someone help me.
spent the mornin drinking coffee n catching up with my husband, abt to start @ college work 
spent the morning helping Julie pack up  and then ran some errands. Went off home after picking up some new games and played for a bit
Top of the morning day 2 u all  wish I was still sleeping 
Top of the morning world!! Listening to mayday parade and playing bass. Just broke a pick  - chrisfm
top SEO tip at #Emetrics : train copywriters in writing search engine friendly copy. This has been number 1 issue for years 
top ten gifts yall just cant stand! #9 rt: @MsStaceyK dem nasty christmas fruitcakes in the red tin  YUCK!! , such a waste of postage 
TOR is really slow for me  is it only me or is this the situation with most tor users? after all its a free service, so can't blame em
Tor was super cranky. Jack has fever just got out of bath. Liv still awake. I have fever, pulled muscle in back &amp; my crown just fell out. 
Tore a tendont in my foot...limping everywhere I go  it's fucking brutal
tore ligament in knee, hurts like crazy 
Tori has now gained possession of my favorite sweater. I liked that sweater 
TORIA!!!! call me 
Torn between watching Terminator or Transformers this weekend ! 
torn between working from home or surfing the net... 
torn the ligaments in my foot nd am now restin it 
Tornado 5 minutes away from my very house.....getting scared now 
Tornado passed over my house! 
Tornado season  Central Iowa? Not a neat place to be tonight...well...it's kind of neat...but maybe not safe...?
spent the morning thinking &quot; I need an old priest and a young priest!&quot; Poor, pukey Nathan 
Spent the night at home, ate a chorizo and egg taco fer breakfast, no cool mixy drinks. 
Spent the night cleaning in work  2 days off tho baby! Plans for the beach one day.. Weather permitting x
Spent the night talking to baby... Now on my way to the airport at 4am  http://twitpic.com/6bpgv
Spent the weekend house hunting but no luck so far  In my head the first place we saw was going to be perfect!
Spent the weekend taking care of my sick Elle...bummer she goes back to her dads soon 
Spent the whole day looking at Mustangs. Still haven't found the one I wanted. Better luck tomorrow 
spent the whole day with various mothers and grandmothers, have to get up in 6 hours for work but I haven't had dinner yet 
Spent the whole nite in the ER with a double ear infection....thank god for vicatin cause this shit hurts like hell 
spent this beautiful day cleaning 
spent this morning watching 27 dresses and is now moving on to Bride Wars. yes, i am THAT bored. 
Spent today in head office working. Will do half a day tomorrow too. Legs tired. 5th floor flat. 
Spent today sifting through the charred shed remains. Poor Ram Man's legs had melted off. Most transformers are now just plastic slag. 
spent too long shopping...now i'm stuck in the rain... 
Spent too much money on merch. The best shirt, the milky one, is girls only  #blur
Spent too much today!!! Tube journeys always take soo long. Braces on thursdayyy 
spent twenty minutes entering an undergrad application only to realise it's a postgrad app.  Time to start again.
spent two hours figuring out how to organize my work rather than actually doing work. found a cool pdf organizer but only for macs 
spent two hours this morning modifying totally the wrong thing. now have to work out how to undo all this mess 
spent waaay too much money today 
spent waaay too much time inside.... I miss the sunlight 
Spent way to much money today! Think I'll pop into Coles for some Early Grey and spend the night taking it easy... No trivia either 
Spent weekend being plagued by Hayfever. My sides actually ache from coughing and sneezing. No outside lunches for me 
Spent weekend cleaning my closet, fixing computers and coughing 
Spent yesterday encoding the show DVD to find that the codec I used took forever to convert to flash. Starting over for the 3rd time. 
Spent yesterday in a bikini and sun-dress....today wondering whether I'm going to be able to hang out the washing 
spet 2 hours on amazon.com looking for things i cant afford. booo  lmao
SPGridView is looking prettier, but I'm pretty sure my code is very ugly.  
Sphereing is disappointingly quick!!! A 2 hour drive for 30 seconds on fun!!! 
spice girl extravaganza....wish i had someone to enjoy it with 
spicy dragon is soo good, but makes me feel like crap after 
spider on my FREAKING LAPTOP OMG IN THE KEYBOARD!!!! AHH!! It bit my hand before I found it 
spiderman 3. they shouldnt have killed harry 
Spider-Man actress Lucy Gordon hangs herself after suicide of a friend. 
Spiders = Jennifer sleeps uneasy tonight  Why do they always follow me?? D':
Spiders everywhere. I wish Clive was awake to tackle them for me. 
spiders hate me..i just got chased by one!  maybe its because i always kill them. and my dad just scared the shit outta me!!
Spike threw up all over my purse and shoes last night.  #BlameDrewsCancer
Spilled ma fuckin frosties in work. Smells of milk now 
spilled milk all over her computer,ds, cell phone, and band new xbox controller which doesnt really work now 
Spilled my coffee in my car 
Spilled one of my coffee plants 
spilt water to MY precious ipod. time to say good bye. 
spin_that: Wants coffee &amp; food but I forgot my car isn't here and the truck won't start. 
Spinoza Lyceum don't want me  Now I have to search for a new school or something...
splendid day but now go to the school     que TRISTE
Spoiled milk makes me frown. Especially when I wanted cereal. 
SPOILERS! @wilw watching one of my all time fave movies, Toy Soldiers.  Always cry when your character dies.  Which is right now.  
Spoke about culture to some of our Rackers over at the Castle. Now time for some awesome Mexican food. No drinking--antibiotics. 
Spoke to cateringï¿½pone not on lunch menu.  Though this reduces chances of me bepping during this afternoon's session #fifthsummit #sota09
Spoke to soon it's crashing on the desktop and not reading the disk on the laptop gonna return it tomorrow 
Spoke too soon 
Spoke too soon  19-7 grrrrrrrr
spoke too soon about feeling better...my head is pounding again 
spoke too soon! Oulu plane cancelled which has knackered up my onward flight. Cos it's on a different airline i'm knackered. Perkele! 
Spoke too soon. One surgeon in behind closed doors. I thought they were only going to look at my foot and not chop chunks out of it 
spongebob squarepants! that song is in my head 
Spongebob Squarepants!!!!  Still have laundry and cleaning to do before work   Whatever happened to my morning off???
Spongebob's over...  I guess Ill watch Sweeney Todd again.
spooni is an idiot for hurting her arm 
Spore could have been SO much better 
Spore galactic adventures won't let me share my newest adventure  Asking for help on the forums.
Sporky just died 
Sport HOmeowork 
Sports car + curb = flat tire. 
Sports day is cancelled, I was looking forward to it, the sun is shining now but apparently that's no going to be so for long 
sports injuries suck.. my knee hurts  this winter aint getting any better.
Sportscenter is boring without hockey or football highlights 
Spotify doesn't work for me in the office anymore. Damn stupid proxy 
Spotlight on iPhone doesn't search settings. As in search for &quot;wifi&quot; doesn't launch settings  http://yfrog.com/0wid8j
Spotted Cow is over  Still debating whether it was the dozen times racing through the obstacle course or Boxing why i feel like bloodyhell
Spotted, R and B in the parking lot of an impound lot. 
sprained ankle ouchiessss 
Sprained left hamstring. Need to dial down the strenuous exercise 
Sprained my ankle 
Sprained my ankle  It hurts so effen bad!!
Sprained my wrist at work  makes it hard to type... or do just about anything..
Sprained wrist today. Writing hampered. Typing this solely with my off hand. Bemoaning loss of productivity. 
sprained wrist. 
spree day is over.... still stressed though.  
Spring 1, year 1. 
Spring 2010 aka TBA like before  At least we saw it running on a 360 for a change
Spring break is over, why cant it be June already 
Spring break is over...school &amp; work are monsters that have taken over my life. Seriously! 
spring break why did you leave me? 
Spring cleaning episode 2....do I really have to 
spring rolls arent nice with dark soya sauce trust me  norrrappppy
Spring??? Where did u go???? It was so nice to see u the other day. U suck 
Springboks beat British &amp; Irish Lions, but Bafana Bafana lost to Spain. 
Springgggg - please come back! 
Sprint can kiss my ass, no pre for me...today anyway 
sprint needs to break my contract now and im not paying i am so pissed Y IS THIS MY LIFE? Every single effing day ...  y?
Sprint network still not cooperating... No pics tweeted tonight either. 
Sprint sucks...I have been away from Twitter all weekend.  
Spy an assistant trying to sell an old granny on 800 a month a current account plus.They have no shame the co op 
spymaster has been denied access to your twiter account 
spymaster is down  (Broadcasting live at http://ustre.am/1sWq)
SQ flight from Shanghai to Singapore delayed   Wish they told me that b4 i left the comfy lounge
sq flight prices dropped by 6 bucks  and there are now seats for 4th jul. ROAR. cld hv left a wk later! 
Squat with an Overhead Press is my favorite today- Should have chose to drink a few instead- still hurts inside, can't break my memories. 
Squeezing back into the Florence Nightingale outfit...a very fluey bear at home 
squirrel! where? i hate squirrels 
SRFF seems to be down again 
Sri Lanka must seriously be committing war crimes now... http://bit.ly/TdqRp  
SRP is so annoying 
srry bby sister....  i found my batman game in my purse 
Srry guys 
srs I miss @xoxo_laura @MoondanceMandy, @xoxoJoannamarie @chandeeezzzy @ambvymarie @Ashleyobvs @HannuhThatsme etc. bring me back 2 boozle 
srsly CUTE SUMMER DRESSES EVERYWHERE OMG   
Srsly not in the mood to sleep. I feel like dancing on my roof o_O  tossing in bed. Someone txt me and put me to sleep.
srsly, BGT, joke maaan. how lame. ughhhh work tomorah have to get up early 
srsly, nobody evr reply's 2 me. 
sry actually 453  my bad lol
SRY EVERYBOY WHO FOLLOWED ME; I BYMYSELF HATE POOSERS, SOO SORRY @MILEYCYRUS  AND I HOPE IF YOU SE THIS THAT U UNDERSTAND 
sry guys some probs wid yahoo messenger... cant use it at d moment.... 
SRY I WAS PLAYIN GUITAR. GNITE @arielol  
sry im editing the video should be up tomorrow sorry 
Sry world i'm going to bed today is just not working for me &lt;3 goodnight 
sry yall but we cant all live in a socially acceptable place like brklyn 
ss favourite youtube clip, lightning mcqueen singing &quot;barbie girl&quot;, has been taken down. 
SSA supposed to send cutoff in writing. Didn't get anything yet. So what's the deal, WA? Cut me off? *is worried* Dunno what to do. 
SSB:M tourney.  lost 1st round 
SSC Starbucks again, thank god Z finishes work at 3 instead of 6. I need company to fight Pcon 
SSD laptop drives 'slower than hard disks': Being a laptop owner i was not happy to read this     ---Quote--- .. http://tinyurl.com/m3qoav
SSIS all day. Great 
SSSOOOOO SAD TODAY THE MACY'S SALE ENDS  I ENJOYED RAPING THEM ALL WEEKEND) 90.00 SHOES TO 60.00? THE BEST FEELING BETTER THAN SEX
Ssssssoooooooooooo. Sad right now 
St Thomas trip isn't happening.  Friend didn't book when I sent the link, now cost is nearly 50% higher. 
St.James got party and i can't gooOo0ooOo...! UGH. 
st00pid fuckin computer keeps crashing 
Stabbing in Dulwich this evening... http://tinyurl.com/knztlr ... I could easily have been on that bus 
staceys party was amazing. i lost my voice 
StackOverflow is down  How am I meant to amuse myself on a sunday morning now? http://bit.ly/14WPsL
Stacy is making me tweet 
Staff meeting starts in 10 
Staff meeting...  I hate my life right now.. 
staff outing was fun... Busboys and Poets is a no-go though 
Staging consult ltr 2day in beautiful town of Dundas. X Files filmed episode there once. Think I'll run in2 David Duchovny? Probably not 
stalking adam's boyfriend's ex's myspace. i really hope drake didn't cheat on him for adam  (omg, i've reached new heights of creepiness)
stalking fb photos of someone who just had a baby- this is so unreal to me- i'm soooo behind    awsdlksdljasd
stalking people is a bad thing right? i need to see/talk to my man...if he is still my man...i am so confused right now!! 
Stalling around... Disappointed. 
Stamata has two cavities  &lt;--- unhappy face!!
Stamford Bridge farewell tonight for Huss Hiddink 
tornado warning 
Tornado warning! *hides* I'm actually more worried about the power going out. It's dark, and I haz no flashlight. 
Tornado warnings on the radio 
Tornado. Everyone in the hotel was rushed to a safe room downstairs. 
Toronto 2 Montreal night shift run, FedEx. Yay me.  
toronto zoo failed  didnt go   onto lunch!
torrentleach is down 
torres on the cover of the new Pro Evo.... poor..... very poor  FIFA ftw
tortilla chips w\ habanero hot sauce. I'm in pain.  (love it!)
Tortilla soup - 1, yummy dinner - 2 : we won !!  Damn these burns hurt  
tortured little kid today whose mandibular distractor was partially dislodged... and needed to come off. i hate making kids cry 
Toss and turn at 2+  sleepless night. - http://tweet.sg
toss up between Jamaican Gold &amp; The Abbey for this Sunday... Haha... Dutty Winin or kickin it w/ FINE UNTOUCHABLE GAY MEN! 
Tossed and turned the whole night and woke up shaking. Gross 
Tossing and turning in the bed for over an hour. Reading didn't help..I am terrible at counting sheeps 
Tossing and turning tonight 
Tossing and turning! I can't get to sleep but i'm freaking tired, gosh.  - http://tweet.sg
Tossing and turning, wondering why I can't sleep 
Tot zover camping radio! #3fm #pp09 jammer... 
Total black out today... My laptop can take only 2 hours.... so see you later.... 
total bummer. butler boy is taking another year off to study orgo in California. 
total carnage out in the garden....... looks like a pigeon has been sacrificed 
Total network outage at work = work not getting done anywhere.  Ugh
totally *hating* my bi-polar stomach 
Standby starts in 2 mins, blue skies in Ayrshire, consequently expecting the phone to ring! 
standing here on the last day of school waiting for everyone to get here. 
standing here open hands and i know i can't do this alone hold on, hold on, baby, hold on...geeez 
Standing in line 
Standing in line for lottery tickets to see Wicked http://twitpic.com/7qw03 we did not win 
standing in line to get in the library.. the clock is ticking.. really? 9 on the dot?  i need a home printer
Standing in line to get my new phone but I would much rather be watching the today show  I guess that's what YouTube is for
standing in parkcentre on some computer thing boreddddddddddddddddddd 
Standing in the airport. Not going anywhere just working! 
Standing in the rain waiting for my taxi! Please hurry up 
Standing ovation for Wieters. Nobody was sitting down. Insane. Hit into double play though 
Standing way too far to see @katyperry perform up close! 
Stanford CS dept email confirms passing of Professor Rajeev Motwani. Very very sad to hear that.  http://bit.ly/h9BFm (via @Stanford)
Stankonia is hurt  Darn DC thieves. Momma's gonna take care of her baby. Feel better soon.
stanley cup finals can't be on every night, so wii play laser hockey will have to do for now.  
stanluca said i am not allowed to tweet to much.. 
Star Trek -- that. was. epic. Best film I've seen in a long time.. time travel flawed as usual though 
Star Trek 11 still not showing at my cinema 
Totally being bored 
totally blew it with the cute guy from my yoga class. Sad. 
Totally Bored  xx
Totally bored and missin my insignificant other!!!! Lmao, thats just so funny. Muah x 500000000001 !!! 
Totally bored shopping. 
Totally bored today.  
totally bored, my teacher coming to my house in about 3 hours  cant be bothered with school today. gonna upload how I lost everything now.
totally bummed 
Totally bummed beer class had to be cancelled since the store didn't have power. 
Totally bummed out at work!  heh
Totally bummed that all the raining has stopped.    I miss my rain.  Stupid sun and heat!  Stupid Florida!  Grrrr!
Totally bummed that Braelyn had cavities this morning when we went to the dentist 
Totally bummed that my man left  that is a super sad face.
totally bummed! I am editing pictures and NEED to listen to Pandora....but it's not accessible on this side of the globe! so not cool. 
TOTALLY BUMMED!!! Osi Umenyiora commercial is tomorrow BOO! i will be at E3 tomorrow.  GO GIANTS.
Totally bummed. Just gave my landlord my notice  I love my crazy, crumbly Wash Park house!
totally burned my tongue on mac n' cheese 
Totally burnt myself whilst cooking pasta!  Grrr... It hurts really badly. Then i did washing up in hot water. STUPID!
Totally can't sleep! Shouldve just finished it! 
Totally can't walk anymore  really depressed. Fuck everything.
totally cba with law revision  i wish the end of this week would hurry the fuck up!
Totally Chilling with Megan and The BABY and well now sunny too  hahahahaha jk
Totally coppin Dane Cook cd/dvd 2morrow it'll be good for ATL drive Sunday still sad I won't see @jaimichelle 
totally depressed  the entrance exams were....just crazy...I have no idea how anyone could have possibly known all the answers...
Totally depressed , deffo not the best day  x
totally destroyed derailleur that was a long walk home. 
totally didn't get the job at delias. why would they put a incoming junior and a senior in college interviewd together?! why. why. why. 
totally didnt realize I already SAW the season finale of Ghost Whisperer 
Totally diggin' my new pad in BloNo... too bad I'm headed back to the burbs manana 
totally drained of energy. and i still have to cook dinner 
Star Trek again at the IMAX this afternoon! Going to miss the live coverage of new iPhone keynote though 
star trek today? FINALLY? idk, dnw to jinx it 
Star Trek was masterful. But right now, all I feel like is that I have been played. I cant imagine how the other party involved feels... 
star trek with the fam, STOKED! then spending all day and all night in the library. 
Star Trek! Shouldn't have played beer pong before hand, bc I broke the seal 
Star wars: The old republic, The Beatles Rock Band... necesito un xbox o algo ya!!! y un wii para Metroid: Other M 
Starbucks gum comes in such a pretty package, but it's really not good at all. Loses flavor after about 20 seconds 
starbucks is cha-bogus...wish I was @ Panara 
starbucks messed up my coffee 
Starbucks the night before an early morning workout don't mix well, ugh can't sleep 
Starbucks to study a little more then chem final 
Starbucks wasn't open @ 5:30 a.m. when I drove up  Someone please call or write throughout the day to make sure I stay coherent. Thnk you
Starbucks with alex. Just took SATs 
Starcom this morning, laundry and relaxing later... It's so nice outside! Why did I choose to go into work today 
stargate is super boring but there is nothing else on tv  http://tinyurl.com/orm8kj
Staring down the barrel of working a full week 
starlight tears 
Stars are gone  But I found something better floating down! It's like a little black liney thing..
stars wont come out tonight 
start driving school on monday. its summmmmerrrr, why am i going back to schoool?  no bueno
Start my long wait at the airport to head home. 
start of summer and it's raining 
start playing restaurant city - didn't like it 
Start summer school tomorrow. Already found out I have to read almost 60 pages of stuff by next week. There goes my summer. 
start the week as you mean to go on... hungover 
start watching drag me to hell...hope its scary...cause i already saw a lot of lame horror movies 
Start work in 2 hours sad times  would rather be having a lazy day with texting and twitter at my fingertips
start work on tuesday  ! i hate jobs ahaha wish i could just party it up all dayy errdayyy 
Totally enjoyed Drag Me to Hell...although I'm so not in the mood to EAT!!! 
totally exhausted . I think I have been infected with whatever was making my niece all grumpy this weekend 
totally failed 
totally FAILED . I can't make them interest with me  . ah it's ok . gotta study hard for tomorrow . booo!
Totally failed at making my dad breakfast.. Why must he be such an early bird? 
Totally feel sorry for the child actors from Slumdog  Just not right. http://bit.ly/UASBh
Totally forgot about my diagnostic sono yesterday  Too much stress on my mind!!
Totally forgot about the time change from boston. So insted of 11 its really 3. But if its only 11 why is it last call at the hotel 
totally forgot to watch the JONAS premiere today!!! 
totally freaked out that a huge plane can just &quot;disappear.&quot; very unsettling. 
Totally frustrated!!  It's definitely going to be one of those days 
Totally gave up on braiding.  Going to call it a night early today. Up at 5! wooooo.... 
totally going to rain again today and I have to go to the coldplay concert  another ride home with out pants I believe
Totally got shafted with duty and found out I can't come home for bro's graduation  http://myloc.me/1MGh
totally had no time for twitter today  Didn't even really get a chance to get on the computer until about now  Early mornings are my fav
Totally hate that Jon and Kate are getting a divorce.  That's a lot of hurt in a family.  
Totally irritated with you, but you wouldn't have the slightest clue 
totally irritates me that there are people enjoying 3.0 right now, but not me 
Totally jealous of everyone that got to watch the true blood season premiere. I missed it 
Totally jet-lagged - awake at 4:00 am this morning   Gonna attend the keynote session @ #communityone
Totally jinxed the weather. . .sorry 
totally just got bit by ants. 
Totally just got kicked off the computer by my brother  which harry potter book should i start for fun tonight?
Totally just got sidetracked by Facebook. Now I am going to be up really late again. 
totally just learned Eric Hutchinson tickets for tomorrow night are sold out 
Totally just locked myself out of HQ. Hope @kanye_lens gets in soon. 
totally just wants the sun to come out 
totally killed my back 
totally lacking in inspiration for a freelance brief today because I desperately want to get designing on my own stuff 
Totally left the house without my camera battery 
Totally let down....Chuck lost in first round by TKO   That might be his last fight of his career. *pouts*
Totally love the N97. Still in love with my N95. Am poor. Nokia, gimme one! 
Totally loving this weather!! Sad it's going to be, like, 90 tomorrow 
totally mass hottyyy  i almost di2 hehe T.T
Totally missin Canada  and my girlies I wanna go home!
Totally missin florida  wanna go back right now!
totally missing @chl0eee and @ashleyxforsyth 
totally missing you 
Totally not getting to Prawn today 
Totally not my day...got home to bats in my apartment. Couldn't even sleep in my own bed last night. GL needs to cheer me up 
Totally not ready to call it a whole night too  bad everyone else is 
Totally not sleepy, no dtv in my room ugh! 
totally on an incubus kick, i always forget how amazing this band is, bummed they aren't coming to san francisco 
totally out of my favourite Burberry perfume  someone be my sugar mama/daddy ! it's on my amazon wishlist !
Totally overslept and missed church!! 
totally overslept and missed yoga.    now i have to clean all day.
Totally pif-sick , having MAJOR separation anxiety from having to leave pif in Tally @aspann 
Totally pissed as I'm at stinkin all 
totally pissed off 
Totally sick but all the cold/flu medicine is missing!  Taking some daytime pills. Hope these don't have caffeine I them. So sleepy
Totally sick of being used 
Started a 3 page essay at 12 and is still not done with it.  I don't know what else to write.  C4rLo5
started as a great day, ended in being broked again  blew out tired and payed 400 for new tires.... 
Started back on th meds that have side effects of making me real thirsty and could have others 
Started drinking soda again. I thought I kicked this bad habit 
Started feeling sick for some reason so i hardly ate and i'm on my way home to sleep. Hopefully i start to feel better. 
Started getting mailshots aimed at pensioners - it's all downhill now 
Started looking for new jobs. Sent out 2 applications online. I'm so scared 
Started moving out of my apt today. Hmph so many good times and a few bad. I pretty much lived here for 3 yrs. Man this makes me sad 
started my day off awful by stubbing my toes against a door. my pinky toe nail fell off  then i got a speeding ticket. just now unwinding
started my Prednisone today, ugh...I don't think i'm gonna like this  sis said they make her B*TCHY lol, have to unpack the car today
Started my workday on a bad note and ending on a bad note......FAIL!  Going home! I need a nap!
started new diet today....bring on the size 6! [smaller than that now  ]
Started out having a good day but it seems to have turned into a frustrating day. 
started packing up my stuff.... sad times 
Totally staying up wayyyy too late when I have to wake up wayyyy early! 
Totally still feel like crap  stupid tooth and all the pain its causing me!
totally tired my teeth hurt sooo bad i have to wear rubber bands for my braces... 
totally trying to rush my children through the 'getting ready' process... it is the SAME every day  what is the issue?
Totally unfair that Dunkin' Donuts doesn't deliver. 
totally unproductive day ..  need to focus more
Totally up for the some Violent Femmes only I cannot find my cd. 
Totally up right now 
Totally want to buy a road bike and bike to work, but can't find a decent woman's road bike for under $1300.    Not thrilled about used...
Totally watching Little House On The Prairie thinkin' bous mu mom 
Totally wet because of the rain 
Totally whacked THE FUCK out of my arm today. The door handle to the porch ate my arm. Ouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuch. 
totally worth it: &quot;Seoul Train&quot; documentary about people trying to escape North Korea, instant watch on Netflix. It made me cry... 
totaly forgot that i got twitter, HAD TO get it because of xbox adding support for it and facebook... WHY NOT MYSPACE 
Tottenham 1-0  Newcastle Ouch, Newcastle looking good for the drop now 
Touched down back at heathrow. Now for the layover. 
tough day today   Tomorrows a new day.
tough decision. longer term or short term? 
Tough loss in the semi finals for Hudson Lightning 10yr old Softball    Was a fun season!
Tough loss tonight  Maybe we can boat us a Marlin tomorrow ;)
Tough Love Boot Camp is oficially over  aww.  Next: Daisy of Love (: Haha, she cracks me upppp.
Tough Monday morning today, really not feeling it at all.  I get to start the transition of my projects to colleagues today 
Tough night, my poor little man Casey has a fever, headache and chills. Had to take him to the doc.A little unsettling, please pray 4 him 
Tough times.   A significant number of layoffs were announced at my job yesterday.
Tough, sad day today... 
tour got canceled 
Tous les hï¿½bergements sont mysql 
Tow man got me to grandmas...maybe she'll make me a sammich !! Jenny Poo has had a hard nite Gramma! 
Towing the car to the mechanic 
town at 2 woohoo (not) at least it isnt rainin....yet :/ it better not do  need to get sum chocolatee nd some fizzzy laces
Town in a whileeeee (: Exams start tomorrow, aha, crap 
townnnn today. Why can't we have English weather, I like rain and the cold.  hot and sunny=badd.
Towntowntown! I bet the bus takes ages to turn up 
Toy run is turning into Suzanne shops for clothes she probably will not ever wear 
Toy Story and BGT clashing? BAH. Got to Pizza Planet scenes and turned over 
Toys R Us  1 - SabertronToys  0 ... Nothing to buy today, the feeling is more bitter than sweet.   http://twitpic.com/7wq63
T-pain   fangs for the kind tweets y'all kx
TR @Umad80 LOL  You hoping he will answer if he will be on #LOST? Heard hes gonna be on another ABC show instead tho 
TR @Umad80 rofl....Just remember that Twitter API limit...If you exceed too many in an hour, no more posts  
Track &amp; Fiel was proably canceled. 
Track Practice...Uggghhh...The Racing Is Easy...And Enjoyable...The Preperation/Workouts Is The Hard Part 
Trackball on my Blackberry died: Can't scroll down anymore and Vodafone refuses to give me a loaner or for that matter, any replacement 
Tracker will be down for a bit, sorry 
Tracking breaking news #Trackle ... from my laptop 
Tracking sister's Delta flight back to #ATL with Flight Explorer. Going to miss her and my niece.    http://bit.ly/wWXSK
trackle can you confirm that you are getting my #trackle ? I think I've been wasting my tweets! 
Trader Joe's &quot;sushi&quot; is a fail. 
Trader Joes, last Kazaxe before I leave, last minute packing, parents come with the moving truck!  Last day in the VA 
Trading in my car! Me and my beloved johnny are breaking up after a year and a half together! I will miss him!! 
Trading in the old clunker for something new today.  Now I can't quit my job for sure. 
Traditional hot louisiana days   To hot to function
traffic again 
Traffic around the Bus Station is now at a standstill due to Dorchester Street  Buses all being delayed!
Traffic backed up inbound Lincoln tunnel 
Traffic is down to a crawl on I-94 right now. 
Traffic Jam  @unicornkid How much is the Lunan Festival?
Traffic jam  I'm already running late
Traffic jam along aye before lower delta exit. M/cyclist injured. Looks bad. 
Traffic jam is not a good place to be... Boring 
Traffic jam on I-95 
Traffic jam outside of chicago. I feel very &quot;office space&quot; right now. 
Traffic jam, as everyday 
traffic lu and me saying(screaming in a sing song way) &quot;i scream you scream we all scream for ice cream &quot; hate waiting.... 
Traffic makes me angry 
traffic not as bad as normal, so super early for meeting 
traffic on the website is dwn... BIG time... we ranged about 500-800 daily when we 1st started now we have like 120-300 a day 
Traffic! Boring! Zzz.  Need to stretch my legs! And there's no one to talk to  i hate being alone in the car.
Traffic, done. Beautiful day, done  how can it be so gloomy just 45 minutes away?????
Traffic...booo. 
Traffic's bad. I guess some prayers are just impossible to answer 
Tragedy in Guelph after freak accident kills student http://www.digitaljournal.com/article/274293 &lt;-- sad local news 
Tragedy. Utter tragedy. 1.5 arms teddy is now 1 arm teddy  In respectful mourning for Maxzilla's latest victim. He'll never clap again!
tragic and depressing 
Tragically, this also means that I will not have easy access to all his comics and books. Also the PS. I was getting so good at Infamous. 
Train delay of aprox 30 min from Utrecht to Almere  Arggg.
train have stop operating and the complimentary buses keeps coming on every 15 minutes, very annoying!!!  hard to live near the bus stop.
Train rammed, fellow commuters vile . Special derision reserved for the man who appeared out of nowhere to claim 'his' seat. Luggage rack 
Train repairs all summer. Up from 1 connection to 3. 
Train smells of vomit 
Train stuck (point failure) and ipod stopped (battery empty) Not a happy bunny 
train to class. blahhhh 
Train... Going Back to bucharest   &quot;Boys&amp;Girls&quot;  #15 on www.tweenpopradio.webs.com
training again tonight - lets hope I can move more than i could on Monday.  Still incredibly sore, def some muscle damage there 
Training class for my other job. Hopefully it won't be boring! But I think it might be 
training for mcd tmrw ! haha goodstuff..  first i gottta rev. for my math provincia. 
Training for one job, then orientation for the other right after im done ugh. 
training got cancelled so ended up blogging.But I gotta get off the net. This is so unproductive 
started playing restaurant city - didn't like it 
started reading marley and me, so far so good. havn't seen the film so anxious for the end coz apparently its really sad? 
started school again...so shes being lame and going to bed SUPER early again.....i wish i was still in fashion illustration 
started season 2 of the wire. i miss season 1 
started summer school today  and i gots like 4 hours of hw... who wants to bring me ice cream??
started the dishes, but cannot get motivated to do anything else. 
started the lab records at last.... so much to write 
started to rain here  hollie, rachel and ryan are still here 
started to think that Citi is in really deep s&amp;^t. Are they gonna survive the turmoil or are they gonna be the next AIG?
started weight watchers again today...i really need some encouragement. 
Started work on compiler, only to find all the code I committed last night has been replaced and I now have no idea what's going on. 
Started working on the Argent Tourney with my Pally. Gah, two character's worth of rep grind a day now.  #wow
Startin my day off early. Woo. 
training is silly when its cold 
Training to be an appraiser is hard work. I want a new job. 
Training tomorrow. I'm too tired to wake up early. 
training: a method of proving how unfit you are 
Trains collide on the DC Metro on the Red Line. Keep all those on board in your thoughts 
Trains delayed great first day bk at work 
Trains don't run so well on Sunday. Missed previous train by 5 mins, waiting an hour for next train. Aiming for #r2picnic for 2 now 
Trains running late  should've taken the bus tube option. No time to buy the racing post either!! Damn.
transferring 368558682 photos is annoying.. I want to watch Up 
transferring my bib for the My First Tri -  I'm not going to be ready for it....
Transformed to V for security reasons 
Transformer explode at ku, power outage and no network 
transformers &amp; ice age 3! mm, lots of cinema trips soon. cried at the joy division interview in nme this morning  &lt;33
Transformers 2 : There's 2 1/2 hours of my life I will never get back  Boo.
Transformers 2 gave me a headache, it's just bang, smash, boom but too much 
Transformers 2 haters are not cool 
'Transformers 2' is (are?) truly unwatchable. Even CGI-friendly Megan Fox won't make this ride any better. Even the press conf was dull. 
Transformers 2 is getting buttslammed on rottentomatoes.com. Josh is a sad panda 
Transformers at the iMax was awesome! Tiring weekend helping with UKeSA LAN finals and the g/f leaves moving back to Thailand tomorrow 
transformers is sold out 
transformers premiere was good but  didnt get anything signed   MEGAN FOX IS THE PRETTIEST WOMAN ALIVE!! SHIA LABEOUF IS SOOOOOO FIT!!!!
Starting a mini-cleanse today!!! Seasalt water it issss now  Talk to you in 4-5 hours, when I can leave the toilet again lol
starting a new day. thursdays are boring like hell though  ... this is going to be a tough day #bored
starting a short lunch break. must be short. my paper is not as far as it was planned to be at this time of day 
Starting addictive video games at midnight or one in the morning is not good. Didn't go to bed until three hours later. Tired 
Starting another gloomy day 
Starting another Monday 
starting at my huge mound of laundry 
Starting back at the bank tomorrow.  No summer break for this teacher.  
Starting my 2-day work week, and trying real hard not to think about Wednesday's surgery. Outpatient, but still general anaesthesia. 
Starting my diet tomorrow!! Going to Florida on the 30th and I'm tired of feeling like a beached whale  sad day...
starting my english paper shoulda done it hours ago but o well 
starting my morning with reading microsoft's outlook reply to the campaign looks like its futile 
starting my new batch of lonely life... 
Transformers press releases and site promos took up my afternoon  Now my pending tickets doubled up :'(
Transformers tommorow! Today work 
transformers was awesome. but not enough megan fox fap material  hahhahahahaha
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen Falls Short http://bit.ly/14xG5F   
translating 63 pages... deadline is on thursday... so frustrated 
translating my topic &quot;quadratic congruences&quot; for my tutorial in elementary number theory  I have to do this tutorial OMG
translating: Nick J is dating Miley Cyrus. Who let this out was his brothers, Joe, in Larry King! :O &gt; 
Translation: Ahh! most of the music on my iPod i don't recognise! I have to get up early to finish my history  not happy
Transmission Gone First Day  http://bit.ly/U577G
Transposing Lily's Eyes from the Secret Garden down one semitone. However, I've lost the middle page! 
trapped her finger in the car door  (cries) nd also got sunburn (also cries )
Trapped on this plane til storm passes...   weird not having anyone waiting for me here 
Traveling while suffering from the flu is no fun at all.. 
Travelled 23 Kms in the morning around Pune in my attempt to reach office - only to return home after a ride of more than an hour 
Travellin down to southampton - wish i was watchin andy though  http://twurl.nl/ewxws1
Travelling frm Karur to Bangalore... Have to get to work tomorrow  . In case I don't reply I'm either out of network or battery died
Travelling Light : A whole new experience  
Travelling to and from Bataan every freaking day tires me.  And I really wanna see him.  BAD WEEK.
Travis Barker &amp; DJ AM are rocking out the Wiltern and I'm not there! Whaaaaah.  Even @tonyhawk is there! Baby break! U go! xo Lolli
Travis is better, Ava is better and now I am sick 
treating my corns 
starting my take home exam... i'm glad it's take home so i can get a good grade, but i can't bring myself to settle down and do it 
starting on geom now. pretty tired 
starting phase 1 of operation &quot;be productive&quot;- pack clothes. can't find pink tank top!! oh no!!! 
starting school tonight. class is 4 hours long!!!! gtting ready for a 14 hour day... 
starting the 3 hours of dreaded admin ready for the next week 
Starting the accounts for this year. 
Starting the day (and week) with reporting a &quot;blocker&quot; bug for the new BlackBerry release of Salvo I found while walking this morning 
Starting the long drive home... 
Starting the weekend early  Only one more week left at Reel Talk 
starting to become a Kobe fan, he is just amazing player!  still not feeling 100%, hopefully will 2morrow
Tree roach on the ceiling... I have been dreading the moment when they first began to appear in here... 
tree stubborn..... don't wanna go down....shame 
Trending Topics are always on iPhone, Tweetdeck or AT&amp;T. Makes me want an iPhone 
Trending Topics on Twitter used to useful. Now they're just like middle schoolers passing around notes cause class is boring. 
Trent - fever spike 103.4. It's already down to 102.2 with Motrin (thanks for the tip Christine). I hate when the kids get sick. 
Trespassing on a wet golf course at night is no fun 
Trevor fuck off I dont want you as a follower.....Jk please dont unfollow me.....seriously dont you make up half of my follower-base 
trew a boomerang, but it did not come back and now we lost it 
Trey Songs is with Necole Bitchie?? 
Trey,who fell in the pool yesterday, did not survive.  http://bit.ly/Pdshv
TRIAL AND ERROR COSTUMING....not the best. 
Trial day number two. Hope we get finished today. It's gonna be a long day!! 
Trials and tribulations..... 
Tricky pm ahead: dinner with in-laws while cheering on the Blades and Liverpool. They are nice people but alas Manc supporters 
Tried &amp; working late shift until 8 at SLQ. Need real coffee but shop is closed. 
starting to doubt 2mar 
starting to feel a bit better... been dreadfully ill 
Starting to feel a little under the weather, hope im not coming down with something  
starting to feel like howard hughes. 
Starting to feel like i'm gonna throw up for the 3rd time tonight (so random!!)  turning in early so maybe it'll go away.
Starting to feel really old. 
starting to feel sick again... Uhoh 
Starting to feel the examination anxiety.. Sigh! 
Starting to feel this summer will be really shit. Have to go work experience with mum's boyfriend. Call that a start to the summer?! 
starting to freak. Tomorrow is the finale of itrockstar.co.nz, will know by this time tomorrow if I go to Paris comfortably or poor 
starting to get a headache...first one in a while now...and I forgot to buy Advil 
Starting to get a little tired,  lol but yeah im so excited to start school... its just a hop skip and a jump away june 1St bitches
Starting to get annoyed with socialscope. Need an update 
Starting to get sick again 
starting to get sick. ugh. i don't need this! my cough hurts so bad.  Hoping to go to Granville Island for breakfast tomorrow though.
Starting to get sleepy. And I'm losing followers.  I must be a boring person. How sad!
Starting to get the hang if this twitter craic!! but cant use twitter on my phone 
Starting to get things situated for his trip back. How sad. These next 5/6 months won't go fast enough. Two weeks is too little time. 
starting to have 2nd thoughts about moving to the A....! 
Starting to lose interest in him  idk y
Starting to miss my bro &amp; mom 
starting to pack 
Starting to Pack  http://twitpic.com/6pt88
Starting to pack for my trip to E3. So far, things are not going according to plan. 
starting to panic now... Where the FUCK is my letter??? 
Starting to part out my car some more. Didn't think selling my parts would be so hard emotionally. I'm gonna miss my lumpy 500whp power. 
Starting to plan the great weekend with my honey...big choice, Tampa or Miami?!? We NEED a sitter for our furbaby!  i feel like a mom! lol
Starting to play my warrior again. Going for loremaster. No raiding for six weeks though. 
tried 2 buy a pair of sneakers today. mission failed. too colorful, ugly, tacky, flamboyant models. there were a few good ones. all 4 men 
Tried 2 turn green, but it doesn't seem 2 be working 4 me  Guess it's because the computer's having a hard time opening anything right now
tried a brief nap when i got in but still can't shift this shitty headache... damn you dehydration and air con rooms on hot days... 
Tried and failed to upgrade our Sky package it's certainly a case of #skyfail 
tried auctioning on ebay for friends box set and lost      May as well buy it in hmv then Â£60 worth it?
Tried baking cookies, but apparently tea-spoons and cups aren't interchangeable. Also, my stomache hurts. 
Tried bleu cheese for the first time in a long time. I am not sure how the tummy is accepting this. 
tried calling @bearseason, but he must have passed out already. 
tried cutting freds hair and the razor thing we bought broke  Now we have to return it and fred looks really funny. 
Tried doing another 10Km jog 2day but managed only 5 
tried doing the Assassins Creed 2 teaser with cam, cant get it to do anything tho 
Tried few Window/Desktop managers for Winblows, nothing works as I wanted  may be commercial are good like AltDesk but do't want pay.
Tried getting in the Spotlight Karaoke club in Houston.  had to leave too crowded, no seats
tried hard coding few things in to xul file of firefox and compiled. Compilation went well but firefox popping buffer overflow detected 
Tried installing mac 10.5.2 on my pc.....now its crashed n unbootable.....gonu install fresh xp prof..... 
Tried looking for a decent price guitar but to no avail 
Tried making online ADR's for our Sept trip to WDW.  Wouldn't let me book 90+10 b/c I booked with a TA and not WDW. 
Tried my Maxroom SIM.I cbn make calls, but not send SMS.Call balance invisible.My DID no. does not work  !!
Tried of being ill 
Tried on a cute strapless Betsy Johnson dress last night but Tony was with me so I couldn't pretend they gave it to me for free. $410 
Starting to rain at Southcenter. 
Starting to rain near #seattle now...  a full week of dry weather, gone. 
Starting to really miss class of '09 
Starting to regret not going on the bouncy castle today  was too scared i'd jump ontop of the 5year olds
Starting to remember parts of last night... ugh 
Starting to spoil my pug since her brother Max passed away on Tuesday. We miss him.  
starting to think I'd have a better chance of finding Maddie than a ticket for @metrostation in London 
starting to wonder if they're crazy when i meet em or if i make em that way.  confused...
Starting to worry. May Have too ditch my mobil computer, for one I need a cell phone plan on. Either that, or get an IPod touch. 
Starting under safety car  #f1
Starting watching Fringe recently, it needs more creepy stuff  and I missed the first few episodes!
starting with....  backing up my External HDD to local HDD 
starting work 
Starting work at 4 waiting in the breakak room...its so busy today  FML
Starting work Omg and i have the biggest headace. 
starting work week  ugh. would these people please just pay they bills and stop calling 
Starting work, I really don't want to be here right now.... 
starts Pole Dancing tonight I'm so nervourse! Just found out nadine can't make it I don't want to go alone  who wants to come?
starts tomorrow and I start to study again 
STARVIN!! That free veggie burger 4 lunch aint do nuthin 4 me  .... Hmmm sonics wld b good tho..
starving  drive-in tonight 
starving  even though i just had a hot pocket and ice cream sandwich
Starving and stuck in my room.  Ugh, cannot wait to move into my own place again.  
starving in the middle of the night. 
Tried out Rock Band Unplugged on the plane. It is pretty cool. I am not able to invest in two RBs. No PSP DLC 4 me. 
Tried out the beach at dauphin island. Got burnt on my back :/ and now my purple hair is almost gone. 
Tried Physics revision, but none of  it makes sense, I'm still shattered from last wekk 
Tried printing sheets at work. Ink almost gone.  Have to take the laptop to game after all.  I hate it when it cuts off the side. 
tried restarting my phone .. but instead of turning off .. the screen turned white and it won't turn off..nooooo 
Tried running with my daughter today. It would be helpful if the tires on the stroller had air in them. 
Tried singing in the car on the way home Ouxh what once was is now a painful distant memory A lot of work required to get it back 
Tried sleeping in this AM. All the banging from the construction workers working on the house across the street didn't let that happen 
Tried some new Mexican recipe for dinner and 'twas not too shabby!  Now to get things ready for another 5am start tomorrow 
Tried the new Mikado biscuits, not impressed 
Tried the puppy linux distro .. loved the desktop graphical flow .. sadly live cd does not boot as cd ROM is on external dock 
Tried the rock band unplugged demo. Pretty cool, and the track switching adds a challenge. Demo doesn't have full songs  #PSP
Tried the sf4 benchmark. Looking forward to playing the PC version. @yashrg Too bad it won't be possible for us to go 1 on 1. 
tried to add a girl to this, it looked awful..too embarrassed to show results   http://tinyurl.com/d26dc9
Tried to be helpfull to some one and got nothing but abuse back. cheers made my day    
Tried to curl my hair. Seems like it wasn't the right way because now my hair looks creepy. 
Tried to download the pixar movie &quot;UP&quot;...but all I got was a french version ... ick 
tried to escape frm doing essay by making french doughnuts. but.. EPIC FAIL 
Tried to fix Diablo 2 on my macbook.  Diablo 2 killed my macbook. DIAAAABLO!!!! Lord of terror strikes again. 
Tried to get a new outfit today and failed miserably 
Tried to get invited to a wedding last night by sweet talking the Hen's sister and mum...I failed my challenge 
Tried to get presale VirginFest tix this morn but they disappeared quick!  @thejuiceisgood and what's with those fees??
Tried to get the mutant Fawkes to follow me but he wouldn't  it's so lonely without followers I have never had one :$
starving, and I have to go back to my house, but I feel bad leaving the puppies here  I hate leaving them all day!
Starving.... And I have just been told I can't eat at my desk 
Starving....gosh i havent twitted all day!!! not really n  the mood....lot on the mind!  smh
starvingggg. going to Verizon to see if I can get my phone replaced. I don't wanna go out in the hot &amp; humid weather though  siiiiick.
StarWars is Amazing. No? Jenn&lt;3, went to bed because she has school 
state of loneliness 
state of shock is the in-thang, baby. woohooo!  and on the sidenote, music folder exploding soon 
state radio: 7 person killed in Tehran last day. flickr blocked too. what's happening to my country &amp; countrymen, i'm worry &amp; nervous 
States and cities borrow big http://usat.me/?34945812 comment 3/4 way through, if we are in a recession why are we building a library 
Stating home today won't save me from deadlines 
Statistics exam, T minus 33 minutes. I hope it goes okay, I want to be at home instead 
statisticssssssssssss 
stats class  then seeing SHAYNA!
status=Another test tweet - sorry about this 
stau in rind la victoriabank ... 
Stay at home 4 days almost become stupid. 
stay at home, no where to go. zzz. i really miss my boyfriend 
Stay away from the mass pike  http://twitpic.com/7m4rz 
Stay calm, staaaay caaalm!  ...this day is awful!  Imagine beginning your day with approx 20 fees type up and send out argghh!! crappy! 
Stay strong ayah. Hopefully nothing bad happens to you. 
stay together for the kids is such a sad song 
Stay unique everyone. It seems like it's hard for some of you to express themselves, that's a shame  be you!
Tried to get to hospital by public transport. Ha! Foiled again. Waited 40 minutes &amp; ended up taking a taxi. Bloody â‚¬ 10 out the window. 
Tried to get up earlier today........didn't work out 
Tried to go buy @laurenconrad 's book...they told me to go to the 'kids' section. I got embarassed &amp; left sans book 
tried to go to sleep on time.  Did not.  Suffering for it today. 
tried to go to the pool but its closed...so now sitting at the park...what a boring day  ~*~Kelli~*~
Tried to go trail running with my group today, however, I couldn't find them in the forest!  
Tried to have a fun day for my birthday today but just way to hard to forget about losing my grandpa for even a minute. 
tried to have lunch brought to me since I'm chained to my laptop.  No luck.  
Tried to in swimming today for 1st time in ages but pool shut for swim gala. Weekend is going wrong. 
Tried to install the new(not really) iPhone update, it crashed and now i habe to restore it. I just hope i habe not lost everything. 
Tried to leave the past alone....but still ended up talking about it tonight  now I can't even sleep......
Tried to look out for friends .Don't find any  
tried to make egg custard with coconut milk but totally failed 
Tried to make Marilyn my background, not having so much success 
tried to make spaghetti in the microwave...tastes awfull 
tried to nap before my overnight shift. fail.   i hope its not too busy.
tried to open the broken draw under bed to get inhaler. still shut, and i now have a blister on my knuckl = cant breathe, &amp; sore knuckle. 
tried to play the wii. the batteries died on me 
Tried to pop up a major zit, meaning a few zits that have merged into a mega one. Damn, it looks like I've made it even worse 
Tried to purchase a parked domain through GoDaddy. $70 down the drain  kind of like gambling...
Tried to recreate the Transormers title but it sort of failed  http://bit.ly/17rTUD
tried to reditect to my new server from the old with #bind9 but failed 
Tried to rescue a stray kitty but his jaw was broken and my vet said the best thing for him was to put him to sleep  RIP Mr. Pickles
Tried to ride Moped with CJ, but lost power- way too fun! Having the Missionaries over tonight for treats made by CJ-  there last night 
Tried to save a baby bird today. But he was too far gone 
tried to save a jellyfish that was on the shore. poor thing was dead.  it was ginormous and dangerous.
Tried to see the hangover with Ric...oh yeah its Friday night and I live in LA of course its sold out 
Tried to shave Sugar Bear but clippers didn't do so well. Will try again later. Hope I don't have to resort to scissors or professional 
Tried to sign in on the Playstation Network and its dead.. 
tried to stay up to catch Nadal's presscon at 1900 BST but fell asleep. woke up to see the bad news flashed across BBC: Nadal withdraws 
stay with me now 
Stayed @ home for the past 48 hours how sad. Im broke. 
Stayed at an alleged &quot;haunted hotel&quot; last night up in Coloma.... but didn't see any ghosts.  
stayed at home today,i feel so poorly with this sunstroke,my burns SO painful  ughh and i'm gutted i can't enjoy the sun while its here!
stayed home from school again, i ache 
Stayed home from school, little sick 
stayed home from school, lost all my feeling in my right arm i doubt because of my broken finger(typing with one hand is harrddd) 
Stayed home.  No sales for me at all this weekend. Withdrawals. Starting the shakes. What's next? I think I'll go work at the shop.
stayed up all night and didn't get a whole lot done what's wrong with me. 
stayed up all night talking to someone only to basicaly break our connection. I hate myself 
Stayed up all night trying to motivate myself to work and finally getting a few things done. Gonna catch a few Zzz before groups meetings 
stayed up all night workin on my myspace and accomplished nothing  bout to call it a night
stayed up late last night, then Freya woke me up at 7am. me soooo tired 
Stayed up late last night, woke up at 5:30AM today.  Which means I'm gonna be sleepy all dang day now  
Stayed up til 4am playing FreeCiv and only woke up about an hour ago. 
Stayed up till 1 in the morning thinking that mcfly's duet with the jobros would be on jimmy kimmel... Was wrong 
stayed up till 2 somthn and now n summer skol! 
stayed up till midnight for Lines, Vines and Trying Times and I check itunes and it's not even there!!! 
stayed up to talk to her bestie @KhizerPervez but hes a no show! 
Stayed up too late last night. Need to be on the road until at least 10pm tonight.  Flying from PVD to RDU today.
stayed up way too late last night. really tired here this morning 
Stayed up way too late to finish scrubs....my heart feels broken in so many ways  also....totally loved the last...oh whole season...
Stayed up way too late. Going to pay for this tomorrow 
Stayed with amy lest night and now again 2nite....amazing so it is... well not actually the now cause shes sleeping 
Stayed** in that last post. I'm going to miss my cuddly barry    I love you sooooooo much I'm gonna cry at the airport! (bedtime now)
Stayin' home, I guess. Nobody to karaoke with. Boo. 
Stayin in  maybe next time
stayin in tonight... movie night... solo status 
tried to take a nap, dreamt that I was sinking in quicksand. Woke up and now I can't sleep.  pin:207ce45c
Tried to take a pic but he ran away 
Tried to take a picture but i fail 
Tried to use my injured arm to massage ppl tonight. Bad idea. In pain  healing is a process.
Tried to watch &quot;UP&quot; this weekend and every theatre was sold out 
Tried to watch the #Sounders game out tonight, but had to watch the college world series instead.  Thx for updating the score, tweeters!
tried to whore out my twitter @ FFAF but LJ dies everytime i try 
tried upgrading my laptop to linux mint 7 but the update broke it. torrenting the new iso and reinstalling everything    #linux #mint
trieng to upload new pics.... but its NOT working  
trigonometry gives me a headache. 
Trimming and handles day...  I might have to fire up the pellet stove, the studio is kinda cold 
trio neud bach o waith ....  not working thou
Trip number 5164 to Ikea completed, still haven't got everything we need. Visit number 5165 coming soon no doubt 
Trip Report: a 45 min drive quickly turned into an hour and a half drive. All because I thought express meant faster 
Trip to Transportation Museum rained out  Plan B...the Magic House.
Trip update: Still haven't moved. I'm watching the local lanes all speed by me 
trip went by too quickly. bye la quinta 
TripAdvisor.. one of those perfect tools for the competition to abuse 
Triple digits for the next three days 
TRIPLE HISTORY!!!! 
Tripped and fell and broke skin on both knees, owwie  but people were so nice to help and ask me if i'm oki.. &lt;3
tripped and fell on a broken beer bottle while running on the side of the road. Owwww go green douche bags 
Staying alone on Father's Day because I've got to study 
staying at @looobaa's with @ainz16 
staying at home due to thunderstorm. it is signal #2 in Manila right now. Darn! Can't watch Transformers on its opening... 
Staying at home while Jordy has a gig... hit my head last night and I felt too sick to go... its the first of his gigs I'm missing out on 
Staying at the office for lunch. It's really dark outside and it's probably going to be a flood when I'm going home in the afternoon 
staying awake for apparently no reason. 
Staying home again. Sick  
Staying home dog sitting my sick puppies. Nasty stuff coming out, taking em to the vet tomorrow and will expect a HUGE bill. 
staying home from church today....  
staying home from school. Got the sorest throat 
Staying home sick today   funny, I'd rather be at work.....
Staying home the whole afternoon. 
staying home this morning with soren, he's still sick  then working half a day cause we're crazy busy!
Staying home to catch on reading. Not the dirty smut I love but rather academic journals...sigh. I would prefer dirty pervy smut... 
Staying home today because i'm so sick. 
staying home today. I'm sick still 
Staying home tonight. Hurt my leg really bad 
staying home tonight...  super tired...watching the game...LAKERS, BABBBYYYY!
Staying home, &quot;sick&quot; I didn't wanna drive all the way to my grandmas and back. :-/ plus I have heartburn. 
Staying in because I a dicky tummy and feel a bit ill. Missing Sister Act The Musical.  Best not to go though.
staying in on my own -  family is going out and non of my friends want me 
Staying in tonight and watching tv. Have to get up early tomorrow for a meeting. 
staying in tonight while my friends go out.  hanging with momsiess
Staying in tonight, so no Pocahaunted for me. 
Staying in tonight, watching The Professional.  Big week coming up, last one in L.A. 
staying on @KAKEweather  (KAKE 10) they said that there might be an outbreak.. i hope not.. lord help us 
Trivia didn't go our way but it was fun! Watching TV and missing my honey 
Trixie might be back tomorrow 
Trixie stole my green coloring pencil.. 
Trod on a nail, owww 
Trod on my new phone last night and cracked the screen. Vendor says warranty doesn't cover damage. Dammit wtf is the warranty good for?!? 
Trong nï¿½y toï¿½n ng??i n??c ngoï¿½i mï¿½nh vï¿½o ??c ch?ng hi?u mï¿½tï¿½ gï¿½ c? :-&lt; h?c d?t English nï¿½ kh? th? ??y 
troquei a foto do twitter e ele me disse &quot;that's a nice picture!&quot;. aÃ­ eu me achei. heh. 
Trouble finding gum arabic where I live, so throat lozenges are on hold until it arrives in post  Sore throat will prolly be gone by then.
trouble in paradise 
trouble in paypal land...i can buy buy buy but i cannot get my $$$$$$$$$$$$$ from my buyers 
trouble with tweetdeck 
Troubled times. It is Easter in the Greek Orthodox Church (Xristos Anesti, incidentally) but I thought the BBQ was at 3pm, not 1:30pm 
troubles with my TweetDeck  some replies that I saw I received just dissapeared before I answer them!!! don't you hate when tech fails?
Troubleshooting some domain name issues.... 
troy has the start of strep throat 
Troy Marshall will be speaking for chapel tomorrow! Have to give it a miss  Leaving for Kuching for missions.
Trtying to get customer assistance at k-mart is very difficult.  apparently, no one really works here and they all just hang out.
Truck failed inspection....getting new ball joints and lights 
Truck is going to be in the $800 range to repair   Gas tank alone is $400.00.  Seriously FORD, not happy with your used trucks.
Trucks and cars &quot;braving&quot; the flooded street are stalling. I think I'll be here awhile. 
Truck's dead!  I'm very sad. 
true blood characters, you are really hot.  tea, you make the night so much better! except for so much piss... 
True Blood is back on!!  I want HBO so bad right now! 
true blood or lakers gm tonight...well both ! mixed with mad meds cuz i gots the shwine 
So excited for the midnight sun festival this weekend. Just watched someone get a parking ticket! 
So excited for today's festivities but wishes her best friend @ciaoJackieG was coming with! 
So excited for tomorrow!! I'm going to go to my friends graduation! It's gonna be a very sad day! 
so excited for Wimbledon opening day! so unexcited Nadal won't be there this year  if he loses his #1 ranking to Federer, I will be sad
so excited to sleep in tomorrow...til 9:30. LOL  one week til yankees!!! goodnight!
So exhausted 
So exhausted from watching Mila all day. 2 year olds have too much energy. Also in pain from new bands on my braces  Damn braces! D;
So exhausted this morning. Why?? 
So exhausted.  I hate being sick! 
So exhausted. Time to watch all the shows I missed. Then sleep cause I have work in the morning 
So exhausted...eh work 
So exhausted...work at 10 am, omgsh.  
so failing... 2 outta 5 classes aint too bad 
So far away from Sunday, my Snuggie wearing kitty cuddle day. sigh 
So far everything sucks. The rain won't let up. Our tickets weren't there 
So far fenugreek not working. 2.5 oz this morning. I was hoping for a million. 
So far have gone through TONS of old pictures of Chris and I. Making me miss living in Edmonton, now. 
so far have just relaxed this weekend. its good. just not looking forward to the work i have to do 
So far I am dissapointed with the sims 3 
So far I am failing miserably at reading the books I wanted to read during my summer vacation and with classes I'm running out of time. 
so far i have 311 on all my sites put together,  most of them were me checking out the updates i made......
so far i have 311 veiws on all my sites put together,  most of them were me checking out the updates i made......
So far i have no follower..hmm  
So far it seems the hair cut was a mistake, I've had a variety of responses ranging from 'why did you do that?' to 'it looks creepy' 
Staying overnight at grandparents' place. @THEJETSETLIFE I want your kwento &amp; @PULLINGTEEETH I'm going to miss you so much! 
Staying overnight in the hospital is NEVER fun. 
Staying up late to get some projects done! Finally getting into WP 2.8 a bit more - so far no luck upgrading ecommerce plugin on 1 site 
Staying up until forever, unfortunately 
staying up WAY too late - think my energy levels are all screwed up again - getting bursts of energy at all the wrong times 
Stduying for exams  seeeing @libbyglazer and @princessKENDALL laterrrr! Yayayaayyayy
steady wind and rain out there. Hrrr.. Don't wanna go out today. 
Steak and red wine for dinner, mmm...makes up for a rubbish Monday in work 
Steak and wine just isn't the same 
Stealing attempt leaves two stranted on base - end of 1st inning, ROC 1 - Clippers 0.  #cclip
stealing internet from all of my friends!! just two more weeks  ... damn addiction!
stealing o' neal sent out the flyer package D: i hope i get one 
Stealing pats side of the bed is alot less fun with no pat 
Stealing some time to prepare this afternoon's photo presentation. A question arise: will I fail to have my lunch again today? 
steam burn  I actually cried from pain. Not exciting.
Steam power is really underrated 
Steam Punlk fashion show at Anime North and for the first year since TorCon we aren't back til @Anticipationsf &amp; missed it 
Steaming my HEAD over a bowl of boiling water &amp; olbas oil in a desperate attempt to ease my sinus pain!! 
Stella and silverlake are not the same w/out @acnewhouse   dyana is kareoking to adam + the ants. Come home!!!
step 3:  next time don't forget to pay phone bill   my poor neglected phone is not working at the moment
step away from my books  no wonder my books always getting missing
step one week of the AMAZING! concert of @Jonasbrothers in argentina! I want another concert again !!!!! 
True Blood was a little disappointing last night 
TRUE FACT: im sick and tired 
True, he enamored me with his willingness to be as crazy as possible.  I don't know much about Nevada politics though 
truly frustrated with myspace advertising purchase system: poor intl support for US credit cards, slow servers for reports access 
trust me to get sick as soon as my gcse's start 
Trust no one.. if something sounds too good to be true, it often is. 
Truth is I have had better weekend. My dad and stepmom Carin was fighting and haven't made up. And of course they took it out on the kids 
truth or truth?  I miss those nights...
Truthfully we just did our thing @ that school... Driving back to NY now  estimated time 4hrs!!??
try n to see it i like twitter of not. can not find any of my friends yet 
try to be strong, try to hold on... hope i don't get weak ... 
try to do assignment on christopher columbus!  soo sad!
Try to do something diferent.... how it is boring.... 
Try to find a site to watch mtv movie awards 2009 .. I CAN'T FIND IT  :'( !!
try to find it again and download. 
Try to finish work for Erdinger today (improvement of delegation) and have to go to the dentist at 10:30 
try to make an itunes account cause my phone deleted all my songs and ringtones pissed 
try to restructure our website http://tinyurl.com/pedwso ï¿½ never ending work in progress, but now I got stuck 
Try... Ily so much.  Jeez. I can't stop crying.
Tryed to stay off the pollen meds today but failing 
tryin 2 figure out twitter!!! sad she can talk 2 her guys in indiana 
tryin 2 figure out what's wrong with our 'Bentley'.. 
tryin 2 get wel. as fast as i can. dint think of gettin attacked by influenza virus...n the worst part - gigantic tablets.  ...tut tut tut
tryin 2 learn da words 4 a  long song 
tryin 2 sell her sofa n chairs 
tryin to be a good daughter and call my parents and what do i get? straight to fuckin voicemail. they're busy doing things that matter. 
tryin' to do some online bill payin' but i always forget my info 
Tryin to fight my cold w| natural reinforcements but its seems like I'm gettin worst 
tryin to figure this out 
Tryin to find the remote 
tryin to finish the house. Takin care of my poor gwens who dont feel good 
tryin to fix he sore neck !! 
Tryin to make my daughter happy. She had shots yesterday and is so cranky &amp; sick  &lt;Que sera, sera!&gt;
Tryin to navigate my way thru CSUF.. Yah.. Not so good! Dammit. And the elevator is broken. Itll b a nice hike to the 4th floor 
Tryin to recover from a terrible cold.. Damn.. I just hate it. Home sweet home..missing you, for a change  
tryin to revise geography 
tryin to stay awake for the dallas game but its looking impossible.... 4 am start  guess ill be catchin the recap
tryin to study.....nt so easy 
Tryin to take a nap. I can't sleep!! 
tryin to write a new song is hard 
Tryin to write music bt nothins in ma head  
Trying 2 figure out wht web site 2 go on 
Trying 2 figure this out, not getting it at all 
Stepdad caught me on the phone with him last night  of course I fell asleep before I called back     
steph just left  but i had so much fun today with steph justine kristen and jenn
steph may be sleeping over, i still feel sick thoughhhh 
steph should get a twitter so i can follow her 
Steph, Zandy, Jeff and I just enjoyed our daily 3 gummy vitamins. Yummy. Unfortunately, vitamin time is over. 
Stephanie had to go to work.  Lame. She get's off at 8! I'm excited to see her again!
Stephs Cumin 2moz, Cant Wait lol, Got A Reclining Bed T'other Day But My Matress Aint Arrived, So Am On The Floor On A Tidgy 1 Atm  Lol
Stephs party! Swimming. Can't go under bc of my ears!  bbl. &lt;3 ya
Stepmom is a chaty cathy. Wakes me up from my sleeping. 
stepped on 2 tacs last night while i was babysitting. once on each foot.   its fathers day!!!!! going out to breakfast with my dad
Stepped on a sharp thing and it punctured my sandal and my foot. 
Stepped on a thorn.... my foot hurtss 
Stepped outside &amp; thought my house got egged.I realized that it was bird eggs that fell from the nest. Embryo does not wash off 
Stepping outside to take in the morning...its hot and I am baking...major mood kill 
Steve at his favorite place in the world! It's not Annapolis. My bad with the photo crop.  http://yfrog.com/16nb8j
Steve has died  RIP ill miss him a lot
Steve hurt my feelings today he rubbed chocolate on my hand and called me a preschooler.  Lol. *shawna*
steve is now not gonna be home till the 24th of july so pissed offf right now 
steve jobs had liver  i thought he was vegan 
Steve made it to 924,300 and died 
Steve Wiebe hits kill screen.  No record 
so far no real changes since my first infusion... other than a huge bruise from the needle 
so far not a fun friday night.  the teething baby needs to stop crying and go to sleep 
so far this week is pretty lame.. ughhhh  off to work!
so far today I have taken 175 photos of myself and still cant find one I want to use as a facebook dp 
so far, not a fan of this time zone, I feel so disconnected from my twitter tweeps (and my family) 
So far, work is not too bad today...but I'm not even halfway through my day 
so far,summer sucks.i am NOT happy  someone needs to like...text me or something.seriously.
So fat...augh...I want my hard drive upgraded 
so fck it then, couldn't expect ne more or less.. Still sick n now i got a gay ass fever ..i need some1 to take care of me 
so fed up of this rain 
So finally every thing is back in place after the fire. No we wait for $$. Friday is BBQ-Day!! Here we go again back to work 
so flipping bored and stomach hurts 
So focused on studying, I haven't seen an episode of lost since Ben went in to the cave  (@flyingspatula)
So for some strange reason all the guitar shops are closed. Ugh  But still giving all my love to the best boys in the world @Jonasbrothers
so for the rest of the summer when son goes daily to studio he wants to run also! i will be travelin next 3 days. not wokring out 
Trying 2 find happiness  with one bent on confrontation is like searching for a pearl in a bag of dung. 
Trying 2 get @smudgemuffin and my webshow on Youtube, but it's not working!!!!!! 
Trying 2 get dis to work 
Trying 2 get my hearing back.  Went 2 c Drowning Pool last night. Concert rocked but forgot my earplugs 
Trying 2 make myself get out of bed not looking forward 2 it being 103 today the a/c isn't working @ my house  its going 2 be a long day
Trying 2 sleep but sadly can't 
trying again  Nice use of video by @coachiyabo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWCLHKMyUCY
trying bdule as a tweeter desktop client. Statuzer does not support hebrew 
trying but not succeeding 
Trying desperately not to cry from tiredness with no more meetings and three hours until my flight 
TRYING desperately to go out tonight.  Revisions need to be made, waiting on those, quiz is due yesterday (got extention), so much work.  
trying desperately to stay awake, pain back in my arms &lt;sigh&gt; and can't get through to make appointment with physio 
trying dryel at home dry cleaning.. Pretty good results.  Only home one day this two weeks.. no time to go to the dry cleaner 
Trying Enchanted Chai Latee from Sam's. I think I like the Mystic better! 
trying figure out twitter. specifically how do i add people i want 2 follow..n remove those i dont.. twitter adds and delete at will 
Trying hard not to get too stressed about racing oh and the fact my dog has turnes into a serial killer - of birds  - Evil Bo..
Trying hard to write a good unit test -- but feel that I am barking up the wrong tree with this here Asynchronous function  #fb
trying in vain to win an iphone.  #squarespace #squarespace!!
trying my best at wow 3on3 arena, but struggling at 2k rating 
Trying my best to put on my happy face, but I noticed that's extremely hard to do when you're unhappy 
Trying my best to stay awake but this comfy bed won't let me 
Trying my hardest not to suck at drums 
Trying my hardest now to get sick again.   blah
Trying my Skype again... still don't get why @charlottespeech couldn't see me. Makes me sad 
Trying not to be in a bad mood over the crappy job a &quot;friend&quot; w/biz did on my lawn. He overcharged and underperformed.  Bad combination 
Trying not to be too physchotic today 
trying not to consider my existence in terms of alcohol consumption or drug use, but EMPLOYMENT. I need a job, not therapy. 
Steve Wiebe is going for DONKEY KONG record right now watch live: http://www.justin.tv/g4tv_wiebecam [GO STEVE!] Awww, only to 923400 
Steve Wiebe never made it  Saw ducklings this morn at Kelvingrove Park amidst all the rubbish left by inconsiderate bastards- pick it up!!
Steven is mean. He bit me. 
Stevenage look destined for another season in the Conference       But it ain't over till the fat lady sings...hope springs eternal...
Stevey? Please don't let go of Boom Blox 
Stevie Gerrard! England!  4-0, My man played gooood;). Very cold today! 
stickam was fun. I just wish more people got to enjoy it!  maybe next time, if there is one...
stickam with this century is now over    guess i will watch greek now.
Sticks and stones may break my bones...but words will hurt forever. 
Stiff from yesterdays 3.75 run, its sucks for your joints to get old 
stiff neck - not a great way to start a rainy Monday 
stiff neck getting worse. Can't even support my head. Now I have to tilt it to the right side all the time. Neck brace eminent 
stil tiredl: gotta get sleep pattern sorted: 2 many allnightrs hav left their mark! Starting research proposal 2day  want work free w/end
still  this is harder than I ever imagined it to be
still #iphone os 2.2.1 after hitting check for update 
still &quot;studying&quot;...i want a Cookout burger &amp; a vanilla shake 
Still @ camp 
Trying not to die thinking of the 12-13+ hour night ahead of me. At least Tyler will be doing the same thing, just somewhere else. 
trying not to eat the chocolates i bought for a friend's care package. 
trying not to go crazy from lack of sex, photoshoots, camming, and porn 
Trying not to rub my eyes-damn hayfever!  feeling hungry now must eat but dunno what....
trying not to stress as one of Matthias supplements is gone ... I don't get paid till next week and my loan is not fully funded yet 
trying not tob love or hate ... possible??? i pray so 
Trying out a whole bunch of new (to me) podcasts, shout outs for those that please me later. Think I've overdone the sun too,feel queasy 
Trying out new packaging, metallic silver bags arrived today which was great, but where are the beads ordered 2 weeks ago? Grrrrrrrr 
Trying out Noah's (@noaheverett) TwitPic @twitpic. Upload from http://twitpic.com/upload/ is very, very slooooowwww... 
Trying out Nocturne.app to reduce eye strain... but I need glasses anyways  http://ping.fm/ZF6yZ
Trying out some recovery programs.  All of which are failing atm 
trying out TBUZZ for easier link sharing.  not sure what I think yet http://bit.ly/VT1sI  I normally tweet from Tweetdeck to hit FB also. 
trying out this p90x. I did Body Pump today at the Y and wrenched my wrist 
Trying out tweetdeck on 3.0, seems really nice compaired to some others feature wise, visualy, not so much 
Trying out twhirl. Took a bit of fiddling to get Air and it running under 64 bit Ubuntu. Shows boxes for Thai letters 
Trying out vBulletin. No Postgres support though so I have to use MySQL 
so forever the sickest kids was at the glendale mall today.too bad i didn't go 
SO freaked out after hearing about the AIr France crash 
so freakin anxious. 
so freakin bored...story of my life...my baby leaves tomorrow  its only the beginning
so freakin' mad that there is going to be only one snacks in HS. ima freshmen, and i didn't get to experience that 2 snacks time. 
so freakin tired  came back from shopping at 4:00 went out at 4:30 till now with olwyn walking around 8)
so freakin tired and headachey...i wanna go home and go to bed 
so freakin tired!!! i gotta go to band practice tommmorw bright and early! yay 
So Freakin Upset Cuz I Wanna Spend Tyme Wit Ma Dad Todai... People Dont Get That I Dnt Wanna B Around People Dat R... Happy Fathers Day 
SO FREAKING BORED babysitting...Mikey has a friend over so I'm on my own 
so freaking disappointed in myself at the moment. ugh, I hate this 
so freaking exhausted...collapsed. and i still have so much to do and so little time. 
so freaking hungover 
so freaking hungry. really want to get food. swine flu outside. must go hungry 
So freaking mad that this hotel has 15 espn channels and no MTV! What kind of crap is that?! I can't see runs house 
So freaking sick.. 
So freaking sleepy. Don't know how or why I went to bed 2 hrs ago and now I'm headed back to school. 3 finals is 3 days was a bad idea 
So freaking tired and hungry. No food at Daniel's house. 
so freaking tired.  It's like my body refuses to move.  
So freaking tired. I want my sleep pattern to be normal 
so freaky bored  arm is starting to hurt Dx
so frickin tired! And too tired to take other long walks and buses. Craving for home 
SO FRICKING BORED!  Sick of my life! 
so friggin sleepy... and I have a headache  no bueno
So from laying here for da past hr tweeting im getting tired again but gotta b to work @ 1230 smh mind u im still hungry 
So from this moment foward, imma have to spend my money wisely. No dress and shoe shopping every week. No more pigging out @ my fav rest. 
So Frustrated and nervose.  Can't sleep
so frustrated that I was studying instead of watching tennis! of course I have to miss the legendary match of RG  But way to go Robin! 
So frustrated with everything right now  and so nervous for summer..
trying real hard to get started on homework!! i swear this i the hardest part of doing it 
Trying real hard to stay awake 'til bedtime. Jetlag FTW! 
Trying really hard not to get sick from all of the stuff I just took to get rid of my cough. 
Trying really hard not to lose it. 
Trying really hard to get my chinese essay done.. desperately in need of a chinese translator... 
trying root touchup even though i normally get just high lights but i have to look nice tonight and i can't afford the salon til friday 
trying sleep hypnosis to knock me out http://bit.ly/qZbcp  alt ill just go play computer games &amp; go without sleep 
trying sooo hard to stay awake.  exhaustion setting in but please, just one more episode...
Trying soooo hard to stay awake for Branden. 
Trying 'Static' iPhone app. Too much spammy/categorized feeds, missing friends updates, many rough edges. 
Trying to add Transporter 3 to my DVDaf but they only have the DVD version 
Trying to avoid going to asda...but theres no food in  I wonder how long I could live off take-away....
trying to be a kmphfox26 winner pick pick i never win nothing 
Trying to be strong but I'm at a loss... 
Trying to beat Satch Boggie on GH(Wt) and can't. 
Trying to book gigs, and not doing very well 
Trying to book the nct for the car is a nightmare! Grrrrrrrrrrr 
Trying to book up summer holidays is tres difficult. Esp when you have gigs and work to &quot;work&quot; around. oh and a budget! 
Trying to break in a new pair of shoes. It hurts 
Trying to break my sugar addiction is so hard! I did great for a while but making  &amp; sampling my brothers grooms cake set me back. 
trying to breathe.......its really difficult today.  people will never change and i cant expect him to want to work on us with me 
Trying to BS my way through this Human Sexuality paper. 
trying to build a layout for a counter top website  any pointers?
Trying to build my service.. still stuck with the profile creation 
trying to build this android thingy.  takes too much time, i guess, should take a nap in between
trying to buy train tickets, but it doesn't work... 
so frustrated with my phone right now 
SO frustrated with this reporting class.  I'm definitely not cut out for this.  Trying to figure out food before returning to Union.  
So frustrated. It's 2:38 am and I've been battling a terrible headache since 6 pm. 6 xtra Advil &amp; now 1 Aleve. Please work. It hurts 
so fuckin' nostalgic 
so fuckin tired. JUST left work...been there since 9:30am 
So fucking bored like! Don't know what to do! 
So fucking bored, and Triple J is making me all like wanna get up and dance. But there is no one to dance with 
So fucking pissed off ; having a shit evening &gt; am gonna end up taking it out on jordan when i speak 2 him  then i'll cry &amp; feel bad &lt;/3
so fucking sad  1st losing my phone then getting the wrong straightner from the room..ugh i'm 4 secs away from crying no lie
so fucking tired after last night. i can only imagine how bad tonight is going to be :\ oh lawd. getting ready for the wedding, no church 
so fukin pissed off! i am NOT ready for tmoz! 
so fukin sad my phones gone!!   call me house phone if you wanna chill i got 2 days off! 760 637 5296
So full and so sad at the same time. I want moar!  http://twitpic.com/7rcki
so full from movie popcorn..without the movie  got kicked out of the theater because I didnt have my id!? since when?? bs right there!
so full happy &amp; sleepy and need to get a job not happy about that 
So full its disgusting I feel awful right now 
So glad diversity won BGT thank god that susan boyle didnt win although im sad that she was put into a mental health clinic thing 
so glad I brought my new Carl Weber book along to this dr visit...my appt was for 11:15 and it is almost noon     huff &amp; puff
So glad I checked twitter before updating my iPhone- looks like the os launch hasn't gone well 
so glad i didnt go pre-pharm. i know they're making a lot of money, but counting pills all day and dealing with crazy sick ppl all day 
So glad I dont do Spanish  No all nighter for me, I'll study in the morning 
so glad i got up this morning and did the dawnie, its just a shame we missed all the thunder and lightening today 
So glad i have a truck again.. even if it isn't insured 
So glad I'm heading to bed. Today was not a fun day. 
so glad it isn;t as hot today as yesterday...yet. Still can't shake this headache. 
so glad izzie will be back for alex on grey's anatomy!! :-D but will miss george!! 
so glad she got to see dane cook the other night. Sigh  wish it was longer but it was the best hour of my life. Pretty  much in love =]
SO glad Subo  didn't win BGT! Am very sunburnt after spending too long on the beach yesterday-ouch! 
So glad tasha is back! ive missed her! haha i wish was going out with her tonight though... please let A' cancel on me! 
so glad that @cardhousedreams is okay ugh 
So glad that I decided to stay home instead of going to a party. God I feel like crap. 
so glad that the weather is good...but i miss u 
Still @ this shoot  missing @MrHarrison09's private members club, I'm soo annoyed was really looking forward to it! 
still @ work 
still @the office.. wanna go home badly.. 
still @work. 
Still 104 days 14 hours 55 minutes to the next new South Park 
still 2 days 'til weekend 
still 4 hours to go to leave the office.. 
still 4 month til the Miyavi show.. 
still a bit under the weather  hope that i get well soon
Still a but under the weather tho 
Still a got headache  . Getting ready for work
Still a rainy day here in Fl. No sunshine 
Still a waiting game as far as Momma G. is concerned.  They she's going to pass but just don't know when. 
still aint get my vanilla frosty yet. 
Still all stuffed up  hopefully the bed rest and lots of tea will put me back on my feet !
Still angry 
Still applying for jobs. No bites  went to volente beach with lauren and david, that was fun. Then had a huge nap.
still at allyns!SAM STILL HASEN'T COME YET!She was supposed to come 30mins ago!UGH!Sam, if your lookin at this...WHERE R U!?!  
Still at Amplive's music video shoot. @TotallyGio Your no show makes me sad 
still at garage but finally getting results having spent more money. an expensive morning. 
still at home 
still at home. damn. had to work. I don't feel like it. ItÂ´s f*#!in weekend 
Still at Jamie's .. NO service whatsoever  .
Still at maddies. Tiredddd 
Still at the airport. 
Still at the bank. My new pin won't work. 
still at the hospital 
Still at the hospital! I have a lot of making up to do. I think I hiurt him.   I'm so sorry baby.  http://myloc.me/47d4
Still at the library, don't know when i'm leaving. Have to get up at 8 to finish english and keep studying  but pizza is on the way lol
trying to by computer, lets hope they dont take my money 
Trying to call @gabrielsaporta. It keeps hanging up automatically 
Trying to call home but phone is blocked.  Will prob be in trouble later... ;-)
trying to call Iran and cant get through  all circuits are busy. Yeah Right
Trying to call my father to wish him a happy father's day. It would work if he would pick up! 
Trying to calm my dog down, they hate thunder 
Trying to catch up on my shows online but I am apprently already caught up! That sucks  What now?
Trying to catch up on my sleep. You don't sleep much in the hospital- enemia makes you tired too 
Trying to catch up on work I've been putting off all week in lieu of other office priorities... 
Trying to celebrate Madalyn's 7th birthday, but she's sick 
trying to change for bad habit of my students...that is, coming late and absence without notice..  ë‹´ìž„ê³¼ ì•„ì?´ë“¤ì?˜ ì „ìŸ?! 
trying to change my background to a diff pic but it wont let me! 
Trying to change my FB profile pic but app playing up 
trying to change my profile picture, but twitter's being a butthead about it! urrrgh 
trying to change plans so i can do affiliate convention and affiliate summit.unless i can change things i will miss both 
Trying to chew a red skin my jaw hurts 
Trying to coax little Linux netbook into playing #digitalplanet... may have to wait until I get home 
Trying to comfort a sick little girl.  Stephanie has not had much of a special Mothers Day. Will definitely make it up to her.
Trying to connect to a #Google webinar but after downloading files &amp; trying both #Firefox &amp; #Chrome I've given up 
Trying to control my allergies! 
Trying to convenience a 2 year old to take a shower and go to bed.  I think the 2 year old is winning.  
trying to convince chris parker to go to the formal with me. he said he has his eye on someone else. i'm heart broken 
Trying to crack GTA IV screwed some sensitive files in my PC 
Trying to crammmm! Not working because all I can think about is the situation 
trying to cure my bad sunburn. anyone know what to put on this to make the pain stop? 
Trying to dance to white music = FAIL 
Trying to deal with crazy GE private tags today.  
Trying to decide between moving to New Zealand or Canada. Since Moving to America was too exspensive. Really wanted to live in sunny LA. 
trying to decide if I want to wander around town...then realized i don't have a reliable vehicle yet  #fb
trying to decide what i want for lunch....hate sat. nights  (sun morning)  at work 
Trying to decide what to smoke next. (I have such a rough life. hehe)  Son ate a cookie and passed out already. No one to party with. 
Trying to decide where to go on hols next year for anniversay. Shame we can't afford the Caribbean again 
Trying to decide whether to post everything or get into London and hand deliver those. Postage will cost a fortune otherwise! 
Trying to decipher my german friend's message. The sad part is I can only speak english. 
Trying to design a mug and a t shirt but creative juices are failing, not flowing 
trying to design with Photoshop.. i suck  || everything is so crazy and hectic!!! wahh XD help me Lord!!!
trying to design.. losing my mind. this has been a tough month trying to do kits  i really hope my mojo comes back asap..
Trying to devise a way to get off my flooded street 
trying to digest some words in my mind. it's hard. 
trying to do a past paper. can't do the first question 
trying to do english homework 
Trying to do eyebrow thing, that those cabury kids seem to be rocking... I can't seem to Mexican wave them though..... bummer 
trying to do my cartoon story book of &quot; super @delta_goodrem and @brianmcnugget&quot; for photography and my macbook keeps stuffing up  hahaha
Trying to do my math 
trying to do my student finance! - which is a nightmare! 
trying to do sober dialing but no one's up 
trying to do some homework. its due in 30 min!!! 
Trying to do some researches and papers to college... I don`t wanna work today!!! 
trying to download a decent profile pic- when did i get so old lookin  
trying to download apps and its taking forever to load the home page of the itunes store  this is gay.
trying to download NCAA10 for ps3 and it was 13% done and it stopped and had to start over 
trying to download the Lily Allen stems, but browser keeps crashing 
Trying to draw a lonely anime/manga girl with not great luck... Will TwitPic if it's any good 
Trying to draw lilacs. Proving to be very difficult 
trying to draw some manga/anime for our new website ... very bad idea!   http://bit.ly/k6iOv
Trying to drift off to sleep with a rotten headache.... 
trying to eat a smokie while suffering from TMJ is really painful 
Trying to explain Twitter to people who barely use the internet. Can't figure out how to explain it in their terms. 
still at the mac store... got my phone swapped  wont do a white one tho 
Still at the office and thingking about you...  http://myloc.me/1nT8
still at the office! 
still at the office, trying to untangle a cross-charge mess &amp; some other budget fun 
Still at this shithole place called WORK !!!!  
still at wk!!   sucks..... but about to get out n pass out the invites of my baby shower!!
still at work  leaving soon
Still at work  poppin annoymous my shit behind the mic hehe it sounds interesting huh but it isnt! LOL http://myloc.me/2W6A
still at work  want to  go outside relaxing in the sun
Still at work and it seems like 5 hours have passed since I mentioned the time was crawling yet it's only been an hour! 
Still at work for prolly another 5 hours  
Still at work till 3  
Still at work whaaaaaaaahhhh 
Still at work working a double so I know exactly how @breasy905 feels 
Still at work! 
Still at work. A python app is refusing to run correctly when started by cron. Starting from CLI works. Sourcing profile no help 
Still at work... But worrying like crazy about my sis... 
still at work.........  
still at work.....gonna be late for birthday dinner 
still at work; missing vito much.. 
Still awaiting a call from her interview  keep your fingers crossed. Still looking for a job
Still awaiting update 
still awake at 3:30am .. I really need to find a job.... 
still awake at 5 am 
Still awake n fighting... So not cool 
still awake researching assisted living facilties for work.  Meeting tomorrow at 9 am. This bites!  #fb
still awake with headache now 
still awake! and hungryyyyyyyyyyy..i think its a bit early for pancakes 
still awake!!! haven`t had a decent nights sleep in  ages  !!! no chance of gettin to sleep now damn birds are awake &amp;won`t shut up  !!!
Still awake, almost 4:30. Still have sooo much to do 
Still awake, reading local news online... Huufff, hate this insom attack!! 
still awake, still sick, and still unable to eat ice cream. 
Still awake, watching tv with my homies jake tristan and holly , holly is asleep,  im so screwed 
Still awake. At least I'm avoiding the whole nightmare ----&gt; panic attack pattern I seem to have developed. 
So glad the Boks showed those pommies how Ruby is pah-layed! Pakaawk! Sucks about Bafana though 
So glad to be back!  I couldn't get in here at all last night 
So glad to be back. Looking forward to weekend with all my favourite girls. Have to go unpack now.  @sophiejam - I miss you.
So glad to have boys around (aka leslies bro &amp; bf) to do all the heavy lifting as we move out. 25 more min @ 834 beacon 
so gloomy  hurry up summer!
So gloomy outside!  i need a cuddler
so gonna have a major spn marathon today... to make up for the fact that im poor and will never afford a convention pass for j2! 
so good to reunite with my 2-time prom date, b-rad! we haven't seen each other in years 
so good to see my family again. ive missed them all so much! 
so gran torino just made me cry  the ending is so sad!!!
So gutted for stavros  but so pleased for julian,he's such a lovely guy. Come on diversity!!!!
so gutted it's Tuesday already 
so gutted the weekend's over 
so gutted! didnt get house leader 
So guys, if you`ve got any animal crossing friendcodes write, im lonely 
Still awake... Feeling awful, watching Scrubs 
still awake...sometimes being single sucks...u no sometimes u jus wanna cuddle 
Still battling this poison ivy. It's been 2 weeks. Even on Benedryl it itches worst at night. 
Still be able to tweet but just can't make a video 
still been ignoring twitter.  in the summer i wil be more faithful, i promise
Still being a domestic godess - clothes washed and packed, check. hoovering, check. washing, check. mopped floors... not yet 
Still bitter I can't watch the CMT awards 
still bored and in a bad/good mood. my phone is fucking broken 
still bored at work. I need something to do 
Still breathing &amp; thinking hard &quot;what should I do?!?!&quot; 
Still bummed out over death of regency author Edith Layton.  Have pushed aside lesser paperbacks to make slot for final book 
still bummed....  im ova him tho 
Still burned only now i smell like mustard and vinegar 
still busily attacking the vat paperwork 
Still cannot print to ip4300. Print queue opens and shuts without printing  Does it on 2 machines.
Still cannot veiw #wow #Warcraft etc  cmon tweetie. Fix yourself already!!
still cannot wait to hold my baby nephew but since I have the sniffles, I just might _have_ to  pouting...
Still can't access Android Market from my Android phone. @google is blocking me just because I'm from Syria 
Still can't add music to my wretch account  IDIOT !
Still cant believe and accept Bro. Ceci's death  I'll super miss you Bro. Di na kita matetext  huhuhuhu
still cant believe it bout walkerr seems like something you hear on the news of some place far away!  R.I.P
still can't believe she died 
Still can't believe she has had tonsillitus for 2 weeks.  no drink this weekend!
still can't believe that santigold is going to be at the beauty bar! dang if only i was 18 yet 
Still can't believe the Celtics lost!  What happened last night?
still cant believe the last 2 days!! AMAZING!! On such a high frm seeing Britney twice!! Can feel the downer kicking in  Love u DaniDoll x
so happy i found my cat. he was missing all day 
So happy I got enrolled in the Spanish class at CRC. Starts Monday tho. 
so happy i got home before this bad storm  #squarespace
So happy I wore long sleeves to work! It's so freaking cold!!!! 
So happy its finally raining, but super bored at work 
so happy its friday...not so happy about this rain 
So happy it's sunday, but not looking forward to monday  Got to study for my Business final all day today!!!  So happy it's nice out!!!
So happy Mari is asleep, I gotta start my laundry b4 he wakes up again. Side bar: PILATES 2MORROW IS A  MUST !!! I've been slackin 4real! 
So happy that finnally i can signing in 2 gmail although for only few seconds... 
So happy that Twitter's back online!  School exams tomorrow   Piano Exam Monday &gt; _ &lt; http://tinyurl.com/luz9ee
SO happy to be back in the STL!! but i'm gonna miss my roomies 
So happy to be home. Cant wait for dinner then to go to bed. Headache from dare days 
So happy to have 159 followers...then I saw @AlainVanHeerden with 23,775 - now feeling very small fish! 
so happy to have the day off! but i realllyyyy wish the sun was out 
Trying to fall asleep to the sweet sounds of Greg Laswell.. It's not working unfortunately 
Trying to fall asleep. Cuddling teddy and renh renh. Thinking about where @stephvinc is. Worried. Call me at home if you are this bane. 
Trying to fight the urge to scratch whatever is on my chin. 
Trying to figure out a way to end TGIF relationship amicably. 
Trying to figure out an insurance charge that was incurred over a year ago, and just made it to me now.  Can't submit that to 09 FSA!  
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW MUCH SLEEP  IMMA GET AND WHAT TIME TO GO 2 SLEEP. I HAVE TO BE TO WORK AT 0448 LOCAL. I DREAD 2MORROW. 
Trying to figure out how this whole touch screen phone works. And i think i am failing . . . 
trying to figure out how to automate the check for duplicate records in #salesforce to keep the DB clean.. doesn't seem to work 
Trying to figure out how to get Facebook status to appear on my Twitter updates. 
Trying to figure out how to keep a 12 y/o from hanging out with my 8 y/o...Hubby's friend's kid...grrrr Now he is spending the night 
trying to figure out how to put twitter widgets on blogspot 
Trying to figure out how to twitter.......so far, no good 
Trying to figure out how to use this...  too many of the same names for some people... doubt many are the actual person 
Trying to figure out how to use Twitter.......I'm old 
trying to figure out how twitter works 
trying to figure out how Vidzone works on the PS3, seems good but has many glitches 
trying to figure out iDvd to burn some pictures for my mother in law! why can't i just simply burn a bunch? magic iDvd my $%^!!! Grrr! 
trying to figure out my new phone....not an iPhone Matt...sorry 
trying to figure out my school's email. Have to convert it to something crazy and of course it wont work. Been on hold for about an hour 
So happy! cuz u talked with my bff @lisahopecyrus gosh i missed her so bad but right now i can't talk!  but later i'll talk with her
So happy...I've finally mastered Twitter! Was Loose Women on today...I missed it if it was 
So hard to go back to sleep when the gum in your mouth has induced aches in your head. My addiction don caught up with me 
So hard to wake up and workout. I wanna sleep all day.  Oh look gas prices increases. Big news there. Time for my penny farthing.
So hard to watch an illness develop, to see those swings occur more &amp; more often.... 
So Harry Potter day was canceled, or, rather, postponed, which sucks.
So hate the 1st day back to work after a couple off! Meetings, meetings, meetings 
So have a headache right now and it sucks 
So have to do this jop done by tomorrow.... 
so heartbroken  ...tryin to sleep. hopefully forever...
so heartbroken about the loss of raspberry ny blackberry i cant sleep with out her next to me l  looks like i got a date with t mobile
So here we are again, monday morning  Still only four days for me this week 
so hes with her and i have a he already,but i want the he and he has the her so i cant have the he i really want 
SO horny! Wish one of my phone friends was online 
so hot  this is how much @soompi is on my mind lately- i have dreams about working.
so hot and sticky..took so many showers  i want it to rain
so hot dito sa shop. bagal-bagal pa ng net. 
so hot here in portland oregon! 
so hot here in sg 
so hot here today, def to hot for gardening  at least i have a few days holiday coming!
So hot here, having a new unit put in today..but they did not finish 
So hot in my blazer  lol
so hot in our house.. 
So hot outside.  Poor Dakota wants to run so bad. 
trying to figure out some stuff...but every time i put my thinking cap i think about cricket match i will be playing few hrs from now.... 
Trying to figure out stupid blogspots templates  Anyone know how to use it?
trying to figure out the snap2twitter for my bb... pissing me off cuz i'm hungry too 
trying to figure out the stupid radio code for my stupid car any got any ideas?             ):
Trying to figure out things 
trying to figure out this again... i lost my first profile   yes...its meee.. milly 
trying to figure out this darn twitter thing.... how do I set it to my cell??? oh.... technology baffles my mind sometimes 
trying to figure out twitter 
Trying to figure out weather music is where i go with music or weather i leave it 
trying to figure out what i'll eat for dinner. i'm so hungry 
trying to figure out what matches with my dress 
Trying to figure out what this website is all about!  
Trying to figure out what to have for dinner. And not wanting to go to work tomorrow. 
trying to figure out what twitter is for 
trying to figure out when I am going to go to the store and buy groceries....I hate buying groceries 
Trying to figure out when I will get time to study   
trying to figure out where is my phone charger!!! 
trying to figure out why a transfer of a set of video files didn't go as advertised - seams it didn't de-crunch properly  Try again!
Trying to figure out why ALL my sites are down.  Anyone having issues with WordPress?
trying to figure out why I stayed up so late to watch the CAVS lose!!!!  .... again!!!
Trying to figure out why my twitter application hasn't been giving me updates 2day?!hmmmmm, must not love me 2day 
Trying to figure some things out.....my brain hurts 
Trying to figure things out 
trying to figure this out  not successfully 
Trying to figure this thing out - it won't let me upload a background picture 
so hot outside... beautiful summer... but tomorrow its going to be a rainy day 
So hot today ..... ohhhh..  i have to go to my dancing lesson but i don't feel like dancing today ..
SO HOT TODAY!!! 
So hot yesterday i got home and fell asleep before training, bah   I love the sun but i like colder weather
So hot. And the a/c repair man said he has to order parts 
So hot...wanna watch &quot;House&quot; naked, but my sister is home. Have to settle for a t-shirt and a fan. 
So how many bank holiday days have been without rain, since records began? 
So how's everyone enjoying their new iPhones? I'm a tad jealous, but that service plan is still stopping me 
So humid...can't take it anymore 
so hungover  buuut so xcited boot goin 2 see Morrissey on Friday!! Yes o Yes!!! xxx
so hungover @ work, im not drinking 2nite 
So hungover my every move triggers a sick feeling to vomit 
So hungover right now 
so hungover slash maybe still drunk. need shin ramyun to cure but im out 
So hungover, help me 
So hungry  hurry up n serve da food alrede!!!!!
So hungry  shouldve ate dinner instead of ice cream..
so hungry &amp; out of food 
So hungry and out of meals 
so hungry but it looks like i won't be getting a break 
So hungry I gave in and ate breakfast food 
So hungry I have a headache. Why must there be no food in this house? 
So hungry that my stomach hurts  what to eat?
so hungry! and so poor 
so hungry! but there's no food 
so hungry! every time i crave Chick-fil-A, it's a Sunday  bummer
So hungry! Want to go to jamils fish fry but its in far ne &amp; i have no car 
so hungry!!!! but its to late &amp; to lazy to make it 
so hungry, but there is no food in my house 
so hungry.  trying to finish up this thing and then going back to sleep.
So hungry. But I can't leave reception to get anything. Boo.   Did I mention I hate reception? I have a BSc &amp; I'm a glorified greeter.
So hungry.. My dad won't get off the phone to ring pizza 
so hungry... and I can't eat working is taking all of me 
so hungry... but if i eat i'll puke it up  
so hungry... my stomach is growling at me. i need a maid 
so i  wake up n walk down the stairs look outside n notice that the pool is empty. hmm wats tht sound? Thousands of dollars flying away 
So I accidentally played Bioshock for an hour and a half...now I'm looking over my shoulder every 5 seconds 
so i actually mite fuk wit tha movie awards tonight..who knows..new car search is on since mona is totaled 
so i admit it yes i do cocaine thats why i'm skinny 
So I am still tired as all hell from last night. But I'll just have to survive. Working 10-close Sunday. Lots of tasking to get done too. 
So I am thinking it was a bad idea to go out last night, I dont feel good now  my throat hurts I am tired and I am tired...
So I am totally taking a sick day... I hurt my back at the gym! No bueno! But the results are poppin' lol... I hurt 
So I basically messed up and i want DJ to know he still my booriend! 
So I bought some underwear from M&amp;S that was labelled 30-32&quot; waist on the pack. Went to put it on, and the actual size of them is XL. 
So I bought the Taurus instead or I mean Tortoise and put a racing chip in it.  Iï¿½m not allowed to own a sports car 
So i called my grandma just now to wish her t same she said  &quot;que?! Are ju stoopid or somesing? Yo soy amereecana. Cono.&quot; And hung up 
so i can get calls n tex just cant dial out r tex bac till friday afternoon  o well i went ah whole week with out texting n its all good!
So I cannot find my poetry book. It wasn't at my dad's and I'm about to tear up my room looking for it. It I don't, I'm gonna be sad 
So i can't figure out TwitPic anymore.  You can't text pictures to it, right? you have to email them? Help!!!
So i cant text until thursday  not cool
So I changed my email password and the bloody thing is still spamming my contacts. Crappity crap 
So I climbed a tree. Now my hands are all scratched up. Well, my arms and legs too, but my hands are the worse. And the mosquitoes got me 
So I cut my finger and there was like a murder scene in the bathroom  so much blood 
So I decided to disregard that one and open another... It didn't have a fortune in it!!! 
Still can't belive that Rafa Nadal lost 
still can't connect to YM from Adium and YM Mac. Anyone else experiencing any problems? It keeps saying &quot;Server Busy.&quot; 
still can't decide what to change her facebook username to. someone took her name already 
Still can't decide what to wear at Grad Din 
Still can't do the nuh linda 
still can't easily pronounce #twestion ;) but anyways, I must reply to my emails asap as unfortunately I've been too swamped to recently 
still cant fall asleep because of you.. even after all this time 
still cant find joe on this thing...hmmmm...up doin work at this hour!!! is un-natural i tell you 
still cant find my assassins creed game. 
Still can't find my aviators 
still can't find my car keys!!!  it's been sad not driving for a week 
still can't find my phone. ughhhh. i'm freakin out.  i want it back!!!
Still can't find OTH S6E3.  S Factor is my current alternative. Very lame show I know, but so entertaining. Obviously still not studying.
still can't follow @warrenellis  I click and click and nothing happens
still can't get her laptop to work 
still can't get my picture/or any picture i try to work  it's now getting extremely annoying...suggestions?
Still cant get on the internet to check my email   other than that so far im havin a great time!
still cant hear in my right ear worse plane/ear experience of my life 
still can't hear out of my left ear 
Still cant log in using a twitter app  i dunno why any thoughts??
Still can't login to my Everest poker account.  need to see how I have done this month.
still can't motivate myself to do anything... god i feel lazy 
Still cant pics into the twitter feed, have 2 go 2 links 2 see  @tweed
still can't put twitter on my phone... i think my line doesn't have it, 
STILL cant send texts from his iPhone.... Proper annoying me now!!! 
Still can't shake this Swayne Flu(TM) dammit  ... but still had a great 12th Bday weekend with the boy! Good luck this week Tony &amp; family
Still can't sleep  lying here wondering if i had said somthing earlier
still can't sleep although it's almost 3 a.m... OMG! I need some help cause my insomnia is getting worse... 
STILL can't sleep! Grrr! It stinks that 2maro its supposed to rain and thunder storm 
Still can't sleep. Oh gosh,someone help me.. 
still can't sleep. This sleeping disorder or insomia or whatever people call it,,it really sucks!! 
still cant sleep...        
Still can't sleep... Thinking alot 
still can't upload photos 
still can't watch 'the corpse bride' :/ subtitles don't fit 
still captivated by Benjamin Button...and now totally behind on my work 
Still cleaning my room... I am so ready to give up!!! 
still cleaning up 
Trying to figure this twitter thing out 
Trying to figure this TWITTER thing out...I'm soo old....I feel like my dad trying to set the VCR clock 
trying to figure twitter out  i dnt get it 
Trying to figure twitter out! Bellybutton piercing is killing. 
trying to figure Twitter out...i'm confused 
Trying to file a complaint that doesn't sound whiny or threatening. Planetarium doesn't allow late seating; doesn't post that on website. 
Trying to find a decent school for my son 
trying to find a free british WWI roll. there are not any at all. bastards... why is the australian one free, then? 
trying to find a job 
trying to find a jonas brothers hoodie. no good ones on sale in uk 
trying to find a new car is very hard work 
trying to find a new ringer...not have to much luck! 
trying to find a new twitter bg.. no success 
trying to find an nhs dentist  not having much luck this country's a joke
trying to find Demi's web cast thing b/c i missed it 
Trying to Find friends on here, its kinda hard! Booo! 
Trying to find friends on Twitter 
trying to find friends on twitter but no1 has it  mm ill just stick to myspace haha
Trying to find help for my step son &amp; made a HUGE mistake. I involved his grandmother, and Dale's going to kill me. 
trying to find HM 4th season auditons!! so hard when you dont have an agent 
Trying to find JD so i can brow him up 4 doin my gurlz Candy and Skittles wrong...I'm from GA and dat aint how we treat fam. 
trying to find lil chris new song but it wont download 
trying to find money to but tshirts 
Trying to find more ppl on here to follow and who will follow me. Am I that much of a nobody that no one wants to follow me  nah just new!
trying to find my cat with lauren, my sister, josh, and zac 
Trying to find my friend on Twitter! Not having much luck  But i will find her lols! 
trying to find my friends on here...where are they????? 
Trying to find out what happened to Scott, but unsuccessful as yet  If anyone knows, please tell me.
Trying to find people - where are you?  You said you would be here.... 
Trying to find some new Mauy Thai Shorts on the net... no luck 
Trying to find some socks!!!! 
Trying to find something to do. I'm bored as shit. 
still cleaning. sad to leave our latest feline foster. 
Still cleaning...  I need to learn to let some stuff go
Still cleaning... I should get paid for this. I wish I wasn't such a neat freak 
still clinging on 'something' 
STILL COLD .......i could so go for a spa right now  
Still Confused , ...getting ready for school      3 more days of school left !!!
Still confused.  
still cooking our lunch, already cramming.. 
still coughing my lungs out.. 
Still couldn't find a blazer that's less than Â£200 
still cranky ... got so much to do and no time 
Still crying with Maureen. @DatMaureenChick : Hiks..  I thought you understand it, that we just joking.
Still curled up in a little ball like a potato bug after dealing with Unemployment Office Nazi Robot this morning. Bureaucratic bullshit! 
Still dancing. I want to go home now! 
Still depressed about the Swannies going down against the Pies 
Still didn't even drink da shot yet 
Still didn't figure out how to set my facebook URL.... 
Still didn't find a bike that I want to ride  #fb
still didn't sleep. Not this again 
Still disappointed about the movie &quot;Mï¿½nnersache&quot; - watched it yesterday 
Still disappointed by how crap the new transformers is 
still doesn't feel good.. 
Still doesn't have a name for plant. Also still can't find sonic  PHAIL!
still doesnt kno how to work this....help! 
Still doesnt know how to use this thing.... and has to work allll friggin night long  bad news bears
still doesnt see any signs of summer 
STILL doesnt understand twitter. but its kay cause i have the iPod app   help anyone? 
still doing accounting. i'm tired 
Still doing homework. :/ I'd rather be with the gang at vivis right now. Fml 
STILL doing homework. My brain hurts  i should stop procrastinating..
still doing homeworks. 
Still doing my assignments... 
Still doing my Mono homework!! 
still doing prive next week...all beautiful well put together ladies let me kno if ur in. *looks for @nadialoren but she's n philly 
Still doing support...  
still don`t know what he`s planning.  He`s being so secretive about it. I hate it. :|
still don't feel my feet 
still dont get it !! 
still don't get the FML however. 
still dont get this so SOS !!! 
still dont get twitter 
So I did 9 job apps 2day, I better get some calls by friday or im blowin the place up! Cleaning up &amp; then getting reday for skool 
So I didn't get the manager position. Someone with more experience did 
So I didn't go Jogging (yet) Got caught up making the Family breakfast that I can't eat *Carbs I Miss YOU Soo Much* 
so i didn't tweet at midnite  obviously i need to work on my napping skills.
so i dont burn or tan. instead i come out with BILLIONS AND BILLIONS OF FRECKLES 
So I don't get to see Kyle tomorrow. He has to be at work at noon. Poor thing won't get much sleep tonight 
so i don't have any homework and only one class that i do work in. Why can't it just be summer? so pissed i can't skip tomm. 
so i feel like death with itchy burnt skin  i need someone to cuddle
so i feel like i completely wasted a day...i basically sat home doing nothing. 
So i feel like shit nothin works for me i cant b happy rite now 
so i feel so out of the loop with unique..  it makes me sad. im trying not to nap yet my eyes are beginning to feel heavy
so i figured out how to link my PC with my Xbox... but i cannot watch MP4s 
So I finally made it to SC, but I'm riding solo. Not only did my boo work a double, but he had to work today too  http://myloc.me/4G15
So I finally showed him the songs, and idk what's happening to us, I emailed him to try to get answers, but her rarely goes on his email 
So i finished fixing my coffee just the way i like it and reach for the ringing phone when i knock it over and the whole thing spills!  
So i finished my pizza, and now I feel like deeeep sleeping 
So I finished Twitter trivia 28th out of 956.  No prize for 28th place. 
So i forgot my phone in a cab yesterday because of sharwama...i feel so stupid 
so i forgot to give jack &quot;the bucket&quot;...let's just say it didn't work out to well for the bathroom floor (or mom)!! 
so I found out about the Wii Homebrew Channel today, but my Wii was already updated to 4.0 so I can't install the hack until they update 
so i found Up online..and i want to watch it, but i feel guilty  but the movie is not in my country yet and i really want to watch it D:
So i gave up the Ford Edge  riding out in the Charger now :-p
trying to find something to do... plus i have a minor headache 
trying to find something to do... xbox.com's down so i can study up on what achievements i need to get to beat shane :S works boring 
trying to find the cheap (coach) airline tickets @ Tyrese4ReaL was talking bout, not cheap to the cheap $500+ 
Trying to find the energy to get out of bed. I hate being sick. 
Trying to find the first account I set up on Twitter - name is taken but they can't find me when I log in 
Trying to find the obscure French song I was obsessed with last week. No luck yet 
Trying to find the perfect party dress it is proving to be impossible 
Trying to find the REAL Alan Carr 
Trying to find UI solution - with a very little success 
Trying to find washing instructions for wand.  Someone has put glitter all over it.  Can't remember if they can go in the washingmachine 
trying to finish 1 of my assignments today, it's very depressing. My other assignment will have to wait till tomorow after college. 
trying to finish my ass-ignment.please god help me to finish it 
Trying to finish my grading, but I'm having technical difficulties with one student's podcast 
trying to finish my paper.   on the brightside:: double date to the movies tonight, UP!
trying to finish this assignment but means i actually gota read it  so boring!!!!
trying to finish this c/w before tomorrow 
Trying to finished this portfolio but alive program won't freakin show... 
Trying to fit everything back into my luggage. One extra item doesn't look like I'd be able to take 
trying to fix my camera. it dropped today in the train, and it won't turn on - problem is, the lens are sticking out. 
trying to fix my internet connection...guess my 'prayers' have been answered and i wont have any study distractions  ugh
Trying to fix my Ipod dont know what is going on with it 
trying to fix my laptop 
trying to fix my sister's ipod  then phoenix tomorrow morning at 445am! hopefully i'll actually get to play this tournament. stupid fence.
trying to fix my wii 
trying to fix some weird query 
Trying to fly to primary Amazon. No flights in or out since midnight due to fog  smells of fish!? Waiting now. . .
Trying to focus &amp; not be sad that I am missing out on April's wedding 
Trying to follow LC and it wont let me 
trying to follow my new followers but twitter is not letting me  boo hiss
Trying to force myself out of bed. 
trying to force myself to study. i have two exams in the next two days... oh boy. 
so i get the balls to text an hour ago.. still no reply 
so I got 4 hours sleep last night waking up at 5am, and it is now 10PM, and I am not tired... 
so I got an 82 on that science final, and an 88 for the year.  not bad.  aaaaand wow's down. 
So I got into bed around 5:30 AM. Couldn't sleep. Now 7:30 AM. Still haven't been to sleep. 
so i got my first mean comment on my @paulycrush article. they couldnt even post their name, douchebag 
So I got seven hours of sleep last night, which is great, but now I can't sleep again..... Back to getting three to four hrs 
So I got the day off cuz I had hundreds of things to do....then I woke up with a f*ckin migrane...there goes my day in bed 
So I got the new/old Incubus album, how I hate greatest hits albums.  A little disappointed, not gonna lie 
So I got up at 12 today and I have to get up at 7ish tomorrow so that was just a bad idea right there 
So I guess I am stuck 
So I guess the Laker parade is over. No riot this time, bummer 
So I guess there is a lag in Twitterberry today..sorry for getting back to everyone so late! 
So I guess this is just another night for me to miss you guys. Good night 
so i guess TwitterFon only allows up to 100 &quot;requests/views&quot; per hour? LAMEEE.  
So i had fun last night, but i missed her  she better
So I had to unfollow people... -  and Iâ€™m so sorry if you were one of them, my dash was just too much to... http://tumblr.com/xeu1x23i0
so i have 2 hours (3 if i push it) to make this house spotless.  who wants to help me?  i didn't think so 
so I have a headache and can't swallow due to a cold  not a happy bunny as got 2 nights ahead of me
Trying to gain hope that the system will become any kind of inclusive for oppressed people!  Lost it again this week!  People love power 
trying to get @stoop_uk to do the west highland way with me next year but it is not happening for me 
Trying to get a cancer is really hard 
Trying to get a darn CDROM to open on my computer. It looks like the CD might be corrupted because I get some of the files, but not all 
Trying to get a good nights sleep before the move.  Leaving NYC!  I'm sad about it. 
trying to get a wash with bottled water, awefull , just awefull 
trying to get back into the computer savvy world... starting the jogging tomorrow. 
trying to get back on a normal sleep sched 
Trying to get caught up on FB, computer still in the shop 
Trying to get excited about my personal game project again... It's been a while since I did any work on it. 
Trying to get good at guitar hero.... Not working well 
Trying to get home to my baby 
Trying to get in touch with a friend who doesn't seem to want to get in touch 
Trying to get in touch with reality  missing my holiday.....
trying to get moby instelled with twitter  doesn't work really. not yet
trying to get motivated...running a little slow this morning...forgot my breakfast at home 
trying to get motivation to go to the gymmm.. 
trying to get mr.jerkface to stop txtn and calling me.... not working out 
trying to get my 1.5 year old iPod to sync with iTunes, but apparently the disc cannot be &quot;read from or written to&quot; 
Trying to get my butt out of bed, luckily my bad dreams are pretty much scaring me up. 
trying to get my head around designing the new RESCUE site...http://tinyurl.com/npulg7 still looking like it was made by a 6 year old 
Trying to get my head around this. Having a tidy/sort day with the wife whilst trying to play mousehunt. Not good 
trying to get my hotmail live email to work on my apple desk top ...i feel a defeat coming on 
trying to get my ipod to sync with jb  x
trying to get my new sims 3 game to work. and failing miserably. 
trying to get my problem with the Sims 3 fixed... I was so excited for this game too 
SO i have a presentation tomorrow morning and i haven't made my notecards yet  no bueno.
So I have a pretty bad headache and I think tomorrow morning when I attempt to wake up.. my legs won't work.  
So I have all the extra materials I need to write my essay...but I'm way too past fucked to read/listen to it all now. 
So I have already dropped the new iPhone 
So I have an int tomorrow, but also a lead as a Buyer 4 Samsung Global which really wnt! But it's in San Jose or LA  away from @JTelles 
so I have come to the realization that I've entered my adult life &amp; stopped growing... I'm gonna be 5&quot;2 for the rest of my life 
So i have done absolutely NOTHING all day today...how pitiful is that...smdh...guess I cant go out 2nite, I gotta work  booo @me
so i have like no more friends it's kinda sad 
so I have no one to cook me breakfast  guess im about to make the best of these Lucky Charms.
So i have no pockets  so im going to leave my phone in my locker. Lame.
So I have something wrong with my gums/molars/wisdom teeth? Can't close my mouth completely and I'm lisping.  #ihatedentists
so i have the flu  thank god for the lakers game today!
So I have to be off to work soon. I had the time of my life last night!! Sorry I couldn't tweet from the show, but I had no battery left. 
So i have tonsillitis and strep throat yay...  stupid mouthwash is numming my mouth i hate being sick 
So I haven't done any of my 3 runs for the week yet and with my meeting tonight, I don't think I can do it this evening 
so i haven't gotten twitter updates on my phone all day..i need to fix that. heck, idk if me texting an update is even working..  nighttt.
So I headed in to work early this morning, get here before remembering I ave my key to Mike on Sat...1hr is long time waiting in car 
so I ignored an impression 2 go 2 bed an hour ago and the result was I accidentally deleted the last several posts on StartupPrincess.com 
so i jus got home from work n im so tired!!! 
so i jus spoke to my mom ans  she's makin go out there in PA 2moro . .   guess i'll be back to NY for my bday!
So I just calculated that I'm puttin in 44hrs a week &amp; NOT even gettin paid!! 
so i just dropped my phone in a cup of water  its semi working right now
Trying to get off the bed  I feel lazy today!
trying to get out of debt 
trying to get over jet-lag.... its rough 
trying to get over my cold 
Trying to get over that my mom will be gone for 3 months 
Trying to get ready for work...just can't get motivated. 
Trying to get rid of a cold until monday 
trying to get rid of this horrible sore throat 
trying to get some gamercard widgets working on my netvibes home page. Its not cooperating 
Trying to get tethering working with my #iPhone via USB to #Debian lenny...  any hints?
trying to get the computer to work so I can finally print stuff 
Trying to get the motivation to make a shopping list and make a phone call I don't want to make...ahhh procrastination rears its head 
trying to get this car on the road, &amp; the DMV closes in FOUR minutes..apparently it's not working out 
Trying to get this fu** page.. 
trying to get this persuasive speech to write itself, but it's not working.  guess I actually have to try.
trying to get this thing set up...but can't find my friends 
trying to get those irvine amphitheater tickets.  no luck
Trying to get through masive amounts of coursework 
trying to get tickets for comic-con 2009!! they are completly sold out!! 
trying to get to grips with a new computer 
Trying to get to the bank and post office! 
Trying to get together all the motivation I can to get ready for school. Tooo early for class 
Trying to get train to London to present to CEO this am and none of the parking machines are accepting cards. Must be Monday. 
trying to get twitter to accept a profile pics... seems to be stuck on bad picture, so no profile pic for me 
Trying to get Twitter to work through Fuser.  No luck yet.  
Trying to get two new servers online over the weekend. Never goes as fast as you would like 
trying to get used to feeling shitty all the time again. rough night. rough week. rough month. ugh. 
trying to get used to twitter, i have a cold 
Trying to get various family members to commit to seeing U2 in Vegas. Not having much luck 
trying to get warm cause its cold! 
Trying to go a whole day without soda..... I'm about to give in 
so i just finished reading my sister's keeper and i'm bawling 
So i just found out i'm not going to p.r to see my dad this summer 
so i just got bit by an opossum  bc a dumbass kid from animal control couldn't hold her right... awesommmeeeeee
So i just got home from school. and it completley sucked  exams please be over already.
so I just had a violent fightclub like sex dream involving heavily tattooed ladies. I didn't wanna wake up.  lol.
So I just realized that I only use two fingers on my right hand when I type, and it's totally bothering me 
So I just rented  Taken... &amp;&amp; I was so mad cuz it's skipping &amp;&amp; doing CRAZY stuff!!  had to take it alll the way BACK!! Hopw this 1 works!
So I just sat at dairy queen for ten minutes... It isn't open 
So I just shrunk my curtains about a foot by putting them in the dryer! Woops 
So I just went through and blocked rampant annoying followers with deleted profiles  Back down to 84 followers. I was soooo close to 100.
So I just woke up with the worse stomach pains ever! Grrrrr 
So i keep trying to change my picture and it won't let me 
so i kno this is T.M.I but damn i hate cramps, all the ladies can relate!!! 
so i know this is weird, but i totally donated a LARGE some of money to The Holy See. I thought it would earn me some penance 
So i lied. I'm sorry..random stranger. I don't mean it. Really really sorry 
So I locked myself out my dads with all my keys inside.  bad way to start the day
So i lost a small diamond outta my engagement ring and i've only been married a month 
So i lost it allllll!!!!!! Im so pissed, ugh. I need a SUPER big sloppy kiss tonight. 
so I luvvv FostersHome4ImagineryFriends...I just found out is going off the air...5 episodes left... 
So i made 300 in like 2 hours of no limit and i have made 65 in 2 hours in Limit... But it is the safe play 
so i made a bet while mini golfn n guess what i lost    fml i wish i would have won it would have been GREAT!!!
So I made dinner. But everyone went to Ikea to eat.   Ironically, I made the same sweet meatballs and gravy potatoes. TKB Gym time. PUNCH!
trying to go to bed at a decent hour....by that i mean 1AM. i've been staying up so late. i never sleep well without you 
trying to go to bed but cant sleep  hungry but dont want to eat. sounds like a sad country song.
Trying to go to sleep I miss the hubby shoulda had him come to Ohio 
Trying to go to sleep while listening to Use Somebody - King Of Leon. Wish me luck 
trying to go to sleep. But I'm not tired anymoree 
trying to heal my jaw 
trying to help a friend with a broken heart 
Trying to help a guy get his site back in order but just discovered his wpcontent-themes and plugins folder has 777 for permissions 
Trying to help my sister pick out a boy's name for my future nephew, but nothing that she likes. 
trying to hold on !!! 
Trying to hook up my old Super Nintendo, but it's not working! Sad. 
trying to ignore my tooth ache till I see the dentist tomorrow 
Trying to ignore the fact that the heat lost today and are out of the playoffs. It's not working to well 
Trying to install a vodafone internet key an an eeepc. I remember once it worked out of the box. But today it doesn't want to work 
trying to install PHP but all the tuts assume you know about servers - I dont  Totally stuck! Help anyone? please?
trying to install win7 on my desktop and it keeps freezing while comping files  any ideas?
Trying to jail break an iphone but scared it's going to crash!!! 
Trying to keep cool in the office. It's rather warm in here and the air conditioning seems to have stopped 
trying to keep myself awake after lunch...  i hate the sleepy feeling after having lunch..
trying to keep myself from reaching my lowest point. 
Trying to keep myself occupied so I don't focus on the person that hasn't called me 
Trying to keep the depressive/melancholic mood away from me, but am failing. I haven't got a life 
Trying to keep up with my online social life but my work and home life seem to take up most of my time. 
Trying to keep warm, i have the flu again! 
trying to kill time. everyone went to fiesta so im stuck at home til tonight. going to jon michaels appt. gah im so hungry 
Still don't have a set date for cali 
Still don't have the sims 3  anyone got it? Xx
still don't have the time to twit..i dont think this is for me 
still don't know what i'm gonna wear tonight, drama! i wish i had my bestie here with me but she's ill 
still don't really understand Twitter......hmmmm......! BBQ tonight, prob first and last of the summer! 
still dont want her to win but  !
Still dun know how to use it. . 
Still editing video 
still endoring da neck pain frm car accident saturday aftternoon 
Still exhausted from Asylum, but my little one skipped her nap, so no shut-eye for me, too 
still exhausted. Slept way too much the past 24 hours, now that's all I need 
still extremely sick  laying down all day
Still far from home, but weirded out by the maxi BNP idiocy. When did this twatness come to a reality pass? Like J-M Le Pen in 2002  
Still Feel Bad.. Just Took Some More Allergy Medication, Hope It Works...Todays Going To Be A Long One. 
Still feel feckin arseholed...a sign of old age me thinks 
Still feel ill but I am at work 
Still feel like death 
still feel like death.. i have never been this sick in my life 
still feel like hell but Torchwood is helping. i miss the pain killers from the hospital. 
Still feel like shit. Light headed and achy. 
still feel like shite...bloody cold  wanna go back 2 bed but cant 
Still feel really sick hopefully my twitter family will take care of me 
still feel sick  am a bit hot, methinks xx
Still feel sick  laying down watching tv
Still feel sick from the mc flurry bad healthy eating times 
still feel tired and needs more sleep, but there is things to do... 
still feel very sick  maybe due to lack of sleep
Still feelin like crap... 
Still feeling a little sad today, my Dad upset me before and now I feel really teary 
still feeling awful. Couldn't enjoy bachelorette party/ shower last night and slept terribly. Argh, allergies ruined my weekend! 
Still feeling blah  Let's hope meds &amp; hot choc help..
still feeling craptastic   hopefully i'm fine by tomorrow,i have work 8-4...
still feeling da drugs frm da hospital..yuck aint even kool no mo 
Still feeling gross. 
Still feeling ill  plus my back is seriously aching!
Still feeling ill-ish but have this really important farewell party of a dear friend to attend 
Still feeling like crap 
still feeling like crap..I really got a cold 
Still feeling like shit 
Still feeling lousy - bad cold symptoms, woke up to a lovely hayfever &amp; paracetamol cocktail 
Still feeling poorly 
Still feeling poorly  Boo 
still feeling poorly  Hope the penicillin kicks in before wed. Don't want to be feelin rough in Rhodes!!
Still feeling rough 
Still feeling shabby after a poorly weekend 
Still feeling shocking. 
still feeling sick  2 hour nap with horhay and im still sleepy! wtf
Still feeling sick and homesick 
Still feeling sick. Waste my days off being sick 
Still feeling the after affects from being pushed over the black railing at lazerfest... my leg is bruised like none other and hurts 
Still feeling the wrath of the beer from last night...  *pouts*        The animals need help, please visit Peta.com to take ation NOW
Still feels like crap 
still feels woozy from giving blood yesterday. 
still feels yucky, but a lot better than yesterday. Poor Rosemary will be bored to death today. 
Still fighting with my conjunctivitis. 
still fighting with that hacked laptop..... ready to just format the bloody thing..... 
Still figuring out what does that strange thing conveys? 
Still figuring out wht the f***k went wrong with this WS2K -&gt; WS2K3 failed migration 
Still finding burrs in my clothing 3 weeks after whitewater rafting. The spin cycle just embeds them more 
Still finding myself thinking it's a normal Friday, or at least Saturday. The shop is messing with my head! If only it was paid work 
still finished my homework . 
Still fixing my iPod Touch, just because I upgraded to iPhone OS 3.0. 
still fixing the webcam .darn .what happened to this thing ?? 
Still Fucking here  can i be done
Still getting over a cold...and need sleep depite having to get up in a bout an hour. 
Still getting used to the fact I live in a new city now. I miss being in the Philippines, and I miss my fiance 
Still getting used to this phone, trying Twitterfon again. Moving my stuffs. Oh my, I miss my old phone. 
still getting used to this twittering business, so far i like, need more followers tho 
still going at those stupid visiting cards  giving myself two hours to finish them off
Still going to camp 
still got 1778 days to go. 
Still got 6hr to go.... Isn't that great 
Still got a hangover from hell  but it was so worth it!
Still got an effing headache! 
Still got another hour to go or something. Want my bed 
Still got homework to do 
Still got LSC tomorrow! And I need to east socks'! My poor feet!!  oh well.. Goodnight people!
still got that fricken tooth ache  get it pulled friday (wisdom tooth) oh i don't want to go get it done though  
Still gots my cold. Work soon 
still gotta go shower 
Still gotta study for the physics test! So many tests being held for the coming days of this week, next week, n the other week  HELP!
still gutted I didn't make Jeremy Warmsley's gig last night   hoping he will return to the Midlands again very soon
Still gutted over NKOTB not coming to Australia...  
still had tooth ache 
Still happy that I'm a Spartan!!  Now, wishing this terrible sore throat would go away! 
Still hard 4 me to root for da Magic after they took out my Cavs 
still has 2 more exams.. 
still has a headache 
still has a horrible headache but cant sleep 
still has a plugged ear from the flight 
still has a really sore ankle off my run. No ammount of deep heat is helping it. Looks like i'll be hobbling arround work again 
Still has a really sore throat - 
still has a sore throat, but I want to go get some random food in A-town, but I can't find anybody to go with me   Hello, Hot Pockets!
still has a super scratchy sore throat  #fb
still has fever 
still has laundry going but has to go to  bed....back to work in the morning 
Still has no idea how to use twitter, if anyone knows.. tell me 
still has no idea what she is doing, i dont think this is going to catch on with me. Transformers was good, miss adam though 
still has the chicken pox . 
still has the rhythm of a blind hamster. He really should learn how to dance. 
still has to do school work and is not looking forward to it 
still has to go to school and no one's here.  but today, i'm picking up lvatt and prob getting a new phone finally!  superr excited!
still hasn't had lunch! 
Still hasn't heard back about the job downtown... Starting to lose hope 
still hasn't seen the NEW MOON trailer     Everyone else has and is rubbing it in!!
still hasn't taken off. Apparently there's something wrong with the starter valve. Engine won't start 
still hatin me job.. still working all weekend... still not goin to new york 
still hav d headache though 
still have a bad headache... damn it!! wanted to go to self-defence today ... 
Still have a bit of a cold...trying to decide if I should P90X it today 
Still have a lot of work to catch up on! 
Still have at least another half hour wait before I can see a doctor. Sad panda. 
Still have headache, but it moved from right ear to left eye. 
Still have Lyrics Block. 
Still have no voice  but a day of Rotaract work ahead of me so can't be too down in the dumps about it!
Still have that awful buggering heartburn  Bloody painful and nothing seems to work!!
Still have to do my chores a little early. Was watching Ellen, but it got interupted by the president and a speach.          :3
still have to hit the gym, montreal is no excuse 
still have to make the summaries etc for documentatiemap, finished the other things. aaaand. portfolio! don't have enough time i think 
still have very limited mobility in my wrist..  say a prayer it gets better
still haven't done them 
still haven't find any way to use frontpage 
Still haven't found the right laptop bag for me  any sites with cool fun designs?
Still havent get any food 
Still haven't heard anything 
Still haven't heard from model - looks like I have a day off from shooting this weekend 
still havent left yet! 
Still havent managed to finish that damn emma frost picture 
still haven't managed to get off the comp and feed myself. Partly because I know there is no decent food until the shopping arrives 
still havent opened my bad to do h.w.  maybe i should its like ten to 6 :S
Still haven't pack  i hate myself for that but time to go do some last minute shopping haha
Still haven't seen the Da Vinci Code, which kinda sucks..
still haven't slept  insomnia grrrr
still having b-day outfit malfunctions, fat ass  ...... on a good note ... on a GREAT NOTE, we're having a BOY! exactly what we wanted!!
still having boy problems.. i hate boys 
still having horrible battery life with 3.0+JB 
still having intermittent internet connection problem  good thing starhub is coming tomorrow. hopefully i dun need to pay any money =(
still having mild headache 
Still having some cable issues. Not all of the channels are working and some that are don't have sound. 
Still healing...stuck @ home  http://myloc.me/2WSG
still helping my brother with that hockey thing;  haha
Still here with a heavy heart 
still honestly feels really sad about all the &quot;Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8&quot; drama...it's been one of my favorite shows 
still hopingg 
Still hugged up wit my hello kitty, I don't wanna let gooo but I need to get up 
still hungry after lunch! 
Still hungry. Our chicken nuggets are a bit ruined   http://yfrog.com/10n3ezj
still hurts  dunno how im gonna sit on a train for over 3 hours
still hurts..  but now going to Houten for a really fun mystery shop!! omg!
still hyper from the pictionary game. can't sleep!  hahahaha. SOH team rocks! we have the best meetings don't we.
Still ill  damn it,  im pale as a ghost and im normaly pale so this something...hmm!
Still ill  going to the doctors later. I really fancy tango
Still ill  I foolishly ate popcorn and made myself even ill-er than before.So not only has my stomach let me down but my brain as well.Mx
Still ill  ouch-ness
still ill and my wow destroyed itself on the patch. real fun, thought I could log on a bit... 
Still ill today. Got to go to the dr's later. Plus I've got so much stuff on my mind. I may also have to sell my nin ticket. 
Still ill, took day off school and I have a major blocked nose!  x
Still in a bloody meeting..can't believe this 
Still in American Studies. Uber hungry! Forgot my money tho 
Still in an edit suite 
Still in Anchorage - less than 24 hour window to deliver more than 5000 miles away.  Things are looking bleek... 
Still in bed (6:30am); LKaminoff's tweeting away. I'm going to miss his pranayama this a.m.  home practce for me.
Still in bed :/ need to shower and eat toast before work. I think today is going to drag 
Still in bed feeling like poop. I just wish I felt better now... 
still in bed just thinking about what went on yesterday 
@Sassygirl4444 my kitty is cold  its foggy outside so I don't think I'll be going anywhere in a hurry lol plus its too cold
@sassykai soo it looks like I'm gonna be visiting la soon since it didn't work out 
@SassyKittyGrrr  I like your thinking but human took it away from me 
@SassyLassie3 I didn't record it or I'd screen cap your ass off. 
@sassylawyer i'd try that pizza! but i think i'll miss my pepperoni 
@sassypackrat omg - what a horrible job that is! I've been there and it's no fun throwing away perfectly good food. 
@SassyQuita....I wanna move to Dallas too! 
@SASSYSALSA nice.  tell deana i'm sorry i didn't call her.  
@SassySenna http://twitpic.com/6df8q - UGH! I LOVE this one! It's just that everyone already uses it  So I will call it my second favo ...
@SassyStilettos o ok sounds like tons of fun.. i know you have to work tommrow i know i do ..  
@sassyteach03 I wish I lived in a small town. I hate Omaha traffic, and people getting shot everyday  I should stop watching the news!
@SASSYwomen thought u were feeling better? 
@sastokc I didn't watch. I had to unpack...still have a lot to do 
@Satans_Thong couldn't find any in there last time I looked - just miles of peanuts! (Tescos were a no show too) 
@satansrubberduc dude i just came back from there, it isn't THAT rough but i doubt a 21st would go well there, yet my dad seems convinced 
@satansrubberduc it was me 
@SatanzMantra : Just bugged ...  may be Monday blues n other combined factors!!
@satch1984 Dumbledore got fired. 
@SathyaBhat Amongst the spammers? This is bad news 
@satijne I don't mean to make you sad  My flatmate got them,and I just *had* to watch them! It's def time for another sequel!
@satin_lily it is so distressing to hear the words tear gas and bomb every single while watchin the news. 
@SatineCM I dont hate small animals we used to own a russian hamster called Miss Squiggles until she died of a tumour, loved her to bits 
@SatineCM I love hamsters though we had a lovely Russian Hamster loved her to bits until she died from a tumour 
@SatineCM Sorry to hear you've been poorly Satine 
@satinephoenix do you have a nettypot? Lukewarm H2O &amp; seasalt should dissolve the fucker 
@SatishEerpini ill need sometime to finish the entire thing.. endsems so cant work much.. 
@satomixsd Haha. This blog thing just keeps people guessing. And sad to say, some people thinks it's just for publicity. Poor Selena 
@satori oh noes...  @FAWAZ_ hello thar!
@SatsukiTaisho I got really angry :s I just got into one of my shitty moods 
@satureyes oh man! Less than a mile away and I missed it 
@SaturnFirefly I'll have to ask hunter if that works for him.  I was hoping to use my extra pay check this month though  boo.
@saturngirl ha ha ha, *cap doffed*. Okay you are right. Camping in the Cotwolds AGAIN for me.    ;)
@saucony darn, and I have an injured ankle!  Guess not. 
@Saudi myus is my favorite, Aramex went from 65sr first lb, $5 each lb to $9.5 per lb  so no real advantage
@Saudi myus is my favorite, Aramex went from 65sr first lb, $5 each lb to $9.5 per lb  so no real advantage (via @khaled)
@saulandromans NO,STAY HOME!  take care!
@SaulaSmurf  the website wont worrk
@SaulaSmurf good bouttt time its been 3 and a half hours since they sed they was coming onn lol please hope its not the BNP 
@SaulaSmurf I knew dat lmao im just nackered  xx
@SaulaSmurf Thanx ...Not really,a friend from school was sick and suddenly one day i woke up and my throat began to hurt 
@saulbhp And couldn't invite..... 
@sauld that doesn't help me  what's the phone# we have on file for you (dm)
@SaulWilliams third budget of the yr in ireland today. they want to tax text messages. pray for the poets 
@saulyoung I saw that that was on tonight! Wish I could be watching, 
@saurik also, vm fowarder in cydia store no worky 
@saurik Can't wait to try out 3.0. But I can't upgrade yet, as iFÃ¼hrerschein (German for &quot;iDrivingLicense&quot;) wouldn't work there... 
@sausagesmcgee It will take a MAJOR change for the Lib Dems to be in a position to win. It's either labour or conservatives at the mo. 
@sav01 Our farmers markets don't start getting good until around July when the local crops start producing. 
@Savage1337 way to hurt my feelings. NOT COOL what so ever 
@Savage1337 well me and @ppppreet hangout we just leave the boys out ha jk&lt;333  idk your to busy 
@Savage1971 Great day. Met some awesome people. My phone battery hit 1 bar by early afternoon so had to stop twittering. 
@SavageHands your mean 
@savagepaul $1 has expired  Did you find much value in their tools?
@savagerush aww that makes me home sick for my old place on Geary &amp; Lev 
@savagestar *sigh* I know... 
@savagestar morning honey! Got beach yet? Lol is so hot in here, I wish I had a beach to go to 
@savamaloy lol it keeps losing its stylesheet for me  I like the &quot;movie&quot; info it pulls back when you enter a movie title
@savannaaaaa i knoww. my sister keeps turning it. 
@SavannaFisher hmmmm I'm not sure  I never done that and I'm playing darts at my uncle's in greenville so I have no computer
@SavannahBlanks have you done it? Because they told me no.  Maybe I have to file a claim?
@savannahflower wow! i didn't even know that was possible  what speed were you driving when you got the tickets?
Still in bed watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey for the 15th time. Lol. Back still hurts and the pain just keeps coming 
still in bed, bad times as i have revision to do 
still in bed, curled up with a book... turning down a party night (  ) because of a heavy stupid 3 days headache! Life is unfair!
still in bed, kids brought me blueberries for breakfast lol. what shall we do today??? i miss the beach 
still in bed. but i'm hungry and i have no food 
Still in bed. I took a whole day to stay in bed &amp; think &amp; read &amp; deal w/my emotions. And I still don't know how I feel about all this. 
still in bed. loads of work to do today 
Still in bed. Still pretty sure I have steep throat. Wishing someone would bring me some ginger ale or sprite. 
Still in class and I'm sooo hungry and tired 
Still in Detroit...I might actually be in DC in a couple hrs...meaning it took me only 30hrs to get home! 
Still in Fl, still raining  but Yanks still winning!! 9 in row. too bad I can't watch the games here, such a pain
Still in Gville @J_Sevs- I'll be in Orlando either tomorrow night or Wednesday 
Still in houston. Ridiculous. So long sandy beaches 
Still in Idaho. Love it here. but will be leavin 
still in meeting 
Still in meeting... I want some coffee right now cuz I didn't sleep well 
Still in Mexico decided to sleep the night over in my second casa. Jeje. Twittering from my iPod. No phone signal here 
Still in my jammies chillaxin watchinn shipwrecked .The letters from home always make me cryy !  :'(    
Still in my pjs...concentration slipping. I want to go out in the sun!! 
Still in my pyjamas 
Still in New York! Leaving today 
Still in office .. Gonna finish all his work before he head for dinner  hungry hungry .
still in ottawa...busy and tired.. i thought i was goin to get a vacay out of this  --- I miss my Veno &amp; Archy &lt;3
Still in pain 
Still in pain.  Gonna have to go to the dentist tomorrow.
Still in Phoenix. Spending the night. Too tired to drive five more hours on top of the nine hours I already drove.    ~Michael~
Still in santiago i've had a good time here with my best friend but i miss my family  and my computer xd
still in school...10 hours to the deadline 
trying to learn clair de lune. unsuccessfully 
trying to learn how to speak french !  can't even remember a single word!
Trying to learn how to twitter... 
TRYING to learn 'Obviously' on Bass, i just don't know how you do it Dougie !! its SOOOOOO hard ! 
Trying to learn PHP 
Trying to lighten up! How hard to plan a trip......Almost giving up! 
trying to line up a lunch date My FAVORITE Man has to work 
TRYING TO LISTEN TO KHLOE AFTER DARK ON MY BLACKBERRY BUT IT KEEPS BUFFERING, MAYBE IT'S THE WEATHER, MAYBE NEXT WEEK WILL BE BETTER 
trying to load my new pic.. it wont let me 
Trying to log into #Secondlife this morning and I see &quot;Emergency maintenance&quot; is going on? Soooo not good 
trying to look at the bright side of my fort still being in place... means no one is getting their orders when im not here 
Trying to look back &amp; see who it was, but can't find the tweets... sorry.  @LuxieRyder
Trying to look for discounted tickets for Final Fantasy symphony through UTD, but I really doubt they have it  I really want to go
trying to look for some good soccer studs. i dont even know the F of Football 
trying to look good is sooo hard, sore from the gym &amp; guys are so dumb! 
trying to look on the BRIGHT SIDE of life.. just doesnt work.. Much 
trying to make my goldfish well again  he's on a strict diet of garden peas and swim bladder meds - awww i wish he'd get better.
Trying to make my way through all of the boxes...moving tomorrow night 
trying to make myself happy...humm i got lots of problem in this holiday 
Trying to make new pages on my website to list new jewelry...can't think straight with the jabbing pain shooting into my eyeball 
trying to make twitter work 
trying to meet anyone who likes We Are Scientists as much as i do 
Trying to meet my deadlines 
Trying to motivate myself  should be writing and being creative -the things I love - I should NOT have drunk that wine last night!
Trying to not feel so sleepy  
so i maxed out on whom i can follow. currently at 2001  I need more followers so I can break that barrier!
so i may have accidentally killed an armadillo last night, then ran over it again on the way back!!!   RIP poor thing.
So I meant to be productive today: go to the gym, look for a job, work on my website. But instead I went to ruby tuse and ikea with mom. 
So I mention I'm into BDSM and the next thing I know all kinds of hot kinksters are following me.  But they're all women 
So I messed my pinkie finger up about a month ago doing martial arts.  It's still giving me trouble.  Unacceptable 
So I missed free ice cream day and I was sad. Got there at 5:42, it ended at 5. fml. 
so i ordered this red tea, and it tastes awfully sour  that's rosella tea for you
So I owe richard Pokez amoung many other things after tonight 
So I played and played bad! Shot a 115 haven't done that since.....  10 years??? Boy does this drive up my handicap 
so I played golf with the boss.  I took his putter, then I stopped the golf cart short and he flew out of cart.  Not a good way to start 
So i really want this mushroom colored pencil skirt at the gap. But i can't. 
so i showered but DIDNT dry my hair &amp;now my pillow's all wet 
So i slept through my alarm and now i'm running late. 
So I started cleaning and I sat down for a second and now I don't want to get up to finish 
So I suppose I missed my 4000th tweet. Well, it goes to everyone I'll meet at 789. Oh, and @Rainderrr because she can't go. 
So I think I have finally hit rock-bottom... so I guess the only way to look now is up... I hope? 
So i think my parents are gonna make me go to a school 3 hours north of home... 
so I think myspace got tired of letting me change my status, it won't let me. 
Trying to pass mario kart 150 cc, special cup. Not doing too well 
trying to personalize my tweeter but it wont work 
trying to persuade my sister to watch J.O.N.A.S with me is like persuading an ant to carry a television!  
trying to pick out a profile pic with the help of @dfpcmaia but whenever i like one he says it's bad. 12 yr olds are stupid 
Trying to picking up a fathers day card... Either I have given it before or the inscription is just so untrue  http://twitpic.com/7yp9j
Trying to place wait list deposit for child care that is unlikely to have room for Q next yr. Fire alarm goes off &amp; school is evacuated. 
trying to plan a roadtrip just makes you realize how broke as a joke i am 
Trying to play Fable, but my computer hates me... WHY?  I just wanted to have some fun...
trying to play rock legends at facebook, but it doesn't work at all  I can't even create a band!!
Trying to play through every song on Guitar Hero 3 on expert. I hate the song Sunshine of Your Love. It's the worst. 
Trying to plug in a CSS framework, wish I had more time. 
Trying to post a photo I took from my mobile, having trouble doing so though?   http://myloc.me/40f
Trying to post the pics from tonight, but I feel my eyes are extremely heavy.  
Trying to pull an all nighter to do coursework FAIL. Woken up by work ringing fretting about Clubcard launch tomorrow &gt;|-[ Roll on Weds! 
trying to put my picture on here  having trouble
trying to put one of my pom babies on craigslist to be adopted but i keep getting flagged! 
trying to put photo on my profile,but have some problems  
Trying to put the babies to sleep and they wont go to sleep 
trying to put up a profile pics but everything is too big 
trying to quit pop again. i forgot the addiction my body has to it. horrible horrible headache 
trying to read tweets, but I have a headache. ....maybe later 
trying to recover from a sleepless night, sharing my bed with an chronic ear-achy little girl 
Trying to recover from an eventful day, but sleep's going to be tough after JUST NOW realizing I forgot an old friend's Grad party.  
trying to recover from the 4 mile hike she just went on  my feet hurt!
Trying to register an exam on Prometric.... Slow. And doesn't accept my voucher 
trying to rehome my brothers cat 
trying to relax as much as I can today before 2 jobs + diet+ gym takes over for the next 5 days. 
Still in shock 
Still in shock about Adam Lambert. He deserved to win 
STILL in shock that Leigh M. had a sex tape leaked  OF ALL PEOPLE.
still in shock!!! after Adam Lambert lost!!! 
Still in shocl and very sad.. chau Puto Lindo!!!! 
still in some serious jaw pain...excuse me while i go curl up in a ball and cry 
Still in the bed &amp; I haven't ate! 
Still in the car 
Still in the coach and will be for a while longer...my throat is killing me 
Still in the garden but no sun  shall I keep revising and go to gym later or gym now and revising later
still in the office and not so sure if I will make it to the Depeche Mode concert today 
Still in the office on such a nice day 
Still in the office! 
Still in the office. No way I'll be getting up to #SMCSYD   http://bit.ly/ZIhpt
still in the office... lots of work..... have to skip tweeter meet uo ... 
Still in the que for xfactor, this is taking far too long!  hurry up!
Still in traffic...no froyo 
Still in work... All on my lonesome now  It's a bit weird and very quiet. Off to Manc Airport in a bit... Parental Time
still incredibly full! cleaning then studying world history again 
Still itchy 
Still jobless 
STILL JOBLESS .... NO IDEA HOW LONG THE WAIT IS GOING TO LAST 
Still jobless. Still looking, though. Please pray I get a job soon! I'm counting down the days still I'm out of money.  Give it, two weeks
Still kicking ass and booking shows, sponsors, and working on press now...im closing tonight at Chili's so no work tonight 
still kinda doesn't fully understand how to use twitter LOL 
Still kinda miffed that my team got stuff I didn't. 
Still kinda pissed that I didn't get my shit together in time to get to The Roots Picnic. I should be in Philly this weekend! 
Still kinda sleepy this morning.  I think Mr. G might be dying.  
still kinda worried about that firework/possible distress flare(?). what if some1 needed rescuing, now they are sad 
still lacks the sleep despite the holidays 
still layed in the garden watched the Hewit v del porto match! greys anatomy later  but season finale 
still laying down not feeling so good 
still learning history 
Still listen to music because i can't sleep 
So I think yesterday my blog stats were the worst they've ever been. It's so frustrating! I don't know how to get people to read my blog! 
So I thought I had season 4 of 90210 but I don't  now I skipped a year grrrr......
So i thought my trip to chicago was tomorrow. It's actually next week.  
So I thought the Cavs would crush the Magic and I come home from up north to realize how wrong I was. 
so i told my mum i want to study symbology and she just laughed at me! there goes my dream of being robert langdon! 
so i took my son to the doctor and he is teething causeing him to have an ear infection...him dont feel good 
So I took this nationality quiz on fb, and apparently I'm Swedish.  I can't tell you how insulted I feel 
so I totally want to be in Dallas right now.  omg http://tinyurl.com/lggry9
So I tried doing some push ups &amp; situps last nite so I don't wake up sore, cuz I felt it coming........I think I made it worse.   I'm in
so i tried to go to bed but everytime i shut my eyes they wonder around in my head. man this sucks i have to be to work in like 6 hours 
so i tried to see if i could look for a p/t job for the helluvit i went in and went right back out icouldnt do it  WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME!
So I turned around to swat her with my biggest claw &amp; she then vowed 'no treats today for you'!    
SO I typed my anti-twilight story about Edward going to McDonald's and eating a cheeseburger and bella coming in. and it just erased. 
So I walked 4 miles to caribeast and no one is here. 
So I walked into the office after 25 minutes of getting things sorted for the shift...just in time to see my phone die... 
so I wanted that bad should I be ashamed?? snoring is boring 
so i was able to catch the Colbert Report last night, and his haaaair *clutches chest* i want him to have his hair back  
So I was checking out the Examiner to apply to write for them.  They don't have a porn, adult, or sex section.  
so i was flippin through pages of a friend and was disheartened when i didnt see me on his page    we gonna have to work on that Chuck....
So I was going to go anyway and it started raining even harder. 
So I was kinda feeling  but realized its all a state of mind &amp; I took @iamwaveyk advice: turn ur frown upside down! I am greaT 
So I was looking forward 2 lunch b/c Brock brings in That 70's Show, but he forgot to bring the DVD's in   What r we supposed 2 do now?
So I was moved out of my apt and all my belongings moved into a new place that wont be ready until Thursday, so Im homeless until then!  
so i was on fb and i tottaly add the wring friend! and of course you cant take back friend requests 
So I was really tired earlier nd now I cant sleep nd im crying.  great... 
So I was rigorously working out my chest on Tues that it's still in pain. Now if I run up n down the stairs n my chest bounces, it hurts 
So I was super stoked to get an email from Apple saying my iPhone shipped!!! Then I tracked it to find out it shipped from China! 
so I watched WSBK race1 first...and of course they were still showing the MotoGP celebration so I knew who won before watching the race 
so i wear little flimsy flats on the day that it rains!! pure genius 
So I went and saw the Pre. Not sure if I want it. Plus my head hurts. 
So I went to a play in town tonight, I know I shouldn't say this, but I feel like I want those two hours of my life back... 
So I went to go get some water and I hit my big toe. Now it's bleeding like crazy!!!! Somebody help lol 
so i went to target and bought me some good stuff... and my hair feels amazingly smooth right now... i almost forgot what that feels like 
So I went to the ER this morning abdominal pain and was told that my gallbladder will have to be removed. 
So I went without. 
so I will not be in my home for @selenagomez 17th birthday  at the moment I am crying and I canÂ´t stop, sel means the world to me, my
so I woke up 30 minutes ago in so much pain and can't seem to be able to go back to sleep  doctor at 8 and work at 9 blah
So I woke up and the bell is ringing turn out its 3omaal for the washer :S malii 5lghom 
So if we go it's going to take a while 
so i'll just be waiting here for 14 hours for my music to copy on to my other computer.. 
So ill yesterday - dunno how I got thru work, it was awful, worst day ever! Not as bad today - as long as I don't move  
SO ILL! Want to die  Hehe funny dream Emily and Zoeey Deschanel in Bones together hehehehehe
So ill. So tired. So much moving to do 
So I'm @ 1 of my houses waiting for the city to inspect it.....they tell me they gonna b here from 8am - 2pm.. 
So im at work bored an mad cuz i have 2 b here while every 1 out drunk an havin fun. 
So I'm awake after approx 4.2 hours. =/ And I'm off tomorrow so I can sleep in. But still I wana be awake when there is sum1 to talk to. 
So i'm awake at seven and I've got a mother headache. 
So I'm back at the crib... Already missing Buffalo 
so I'm back home, first day at work is over. =&gt; headache  I need some chocolate ....
So im bored ass hell, school starts tuesday  I paid all my bills, mani/pedi was yesterday, i have my crib for doleyy... &amp; why am i bored?
So I'm completely exhausted. I have to get up early again tomorrow and work ALL day long again!!  Can't wait for monday! Goodnight!
so im dogsitting at my friends house and her cleaning lady came this morning. and she told me i looked like i was 18.  man. growing younge
so im drawing pictures to show how much i miss him. can anyone blame me, hes 4 hours away frm me 
so I'm dying of this freaking cold dynos at 68 I'm pretty much 48  and at work wtf !!!!
So I'm excited about Alice in wonderland the movie( with johnny depp) yum.. Too bad it comes out 2010... 
So I'm finally takin it down...gotta be up in 3 hours for work 
So I'm getting a second job...fuck burger king and it's constant flow of new hires. I get like NO hours now 
So I'm giving in on my solo Christian Bale boycott  So much for my silly self righteousness.  I'm going 2 have 2 go see the new Terminator
so im going thru the comp deleted old pics&amp;I just found a whole folder of just me&amp;my now ex-bestfriend&amp;it makes me wanna cry a little bit 
so im going to fail the bio regents tomorrow 
So im guessing I need to sit down and sleep that way because when I lay down I cant breath 
So I'm hearing somewhere around 11~12 central for OS 3.0. All I know is, I have to wait til after work to do it.  #squarespace
still lookin for them..... why cant i find them 
still looking after David. Been shopping and found lots of nice things but did not buy anything 
Still looking for a ticket to @amandapalmer at The Troubadour tomorrow... or there will be a sad panda with a camera sitting on the curb 
Still looking for an investor for some of my ideas 
Still looking for email. no NAS map so recovering 4GB via tcp/ip, screensaver barged in + crashed everything, only twitter still working. 
Still looking for good news which is represent peace but i think they are really few 
Still looking, sending out resumes, but no bites yest ... 
Still lots of homework to do... 
still lots of things to do. *soobbbbb i miss having siesta!! 
still loves him  and i don't know if he still feels the same way. should i ask him or not? :/
still loving The Flash - Rebirth ... not gonna be in the states for the 6th one... i hope i can get em back home 
Still lying in Hospital... If it interests anyone... No ones following me yet 
still mad that martha made got us to run outta round table like we were on a episode of the phone..poor chris and his hawaiian pizza! 
still miss you indeed 
still misses him  and worries like it's her job or something.. &gt;_&lt; Work's fine; an interesting coworker, ha! o_O ..Lots of typing, fun!#fb
still misses him  and worries like it's her job or something.. &gt;_&lt; Work's fine; an interesting coworker, ha! o_O Lots of typing, what fun!
still missing certain people 
still missing my john...   *sigh*
still missing my pup.... 
Still missing my Rhys 
still missing my wedding ring  
Still missing some book covers for our June issue. Why won't I get them? Okay, I was late in requesting them. 
still missing survey questions.  @nic_leah no you must take me to socceroos too 
Still moving my IMAP mails to Exchange servers.. 
Still mulling over the #lionhead demo from #xboxe3, smells like skynet &gt;.&lt; not long before our consoles start fighting back 
still my wish is unfulfilled... 
still need cheering up 
So I'm home from stuff. Hamlet was really good! So was volleyball. Poor Jordan and Damian with their flooded garage  Sorry yall!
So im in tampa and lost...put me at the wheel of a truck in a new city with no navigation. We got probs  lol
so im leaving in 4 days 
so I'm locked out of my own room and i have no key spare or otherwise 
So i'm mad! I freakin got a C- ON MY FINAL! For econ.  .broken. 
So im not seeing Up OR Drag Me to Hell this weekend 
So im now not convinced its either an ulcer or absess.. Got extra strength pills from the chemist my my cheek now looks like Kanye west.. 
So I'm officially alone now.  My best friend and manfriend have all decided to go out of town for the week.  Boooooo    
so im pretty bummed out , just got back home from the theaters and didn't get to see UP 
so im pretty depressed tht i will not be attending the rise against concert, &amp; im sure tim mcllrath is also  stupid car
so im pretty sure that im a big slut.i alwaays lead guys on then just stop talking to themm. its pretty messed upp.  im sorry to all guys.
SO i'm starting to think that this no sleeping business is getting old.. it must be nice to NOT be awake all night 
So I'm still sick and of course I did too much yesterday and it got worse. So I'm trying to get some sleep and what happens? The AC dies. 
so im stupid sick right now &amp; i gotta go to work.. ayee  on a lighter note; i figure my phone out &amp; made it stop saying &quot;call from&quot; (:
still need to clean the mess 
still need to pack for VA, and i have work in abt 2 hrs..  ughhh
Still needs a job 
Still needs a job. 
still needs another 6 hours of sleep 
still needs quite a number of participants for her research...  http://plurk.com/p/vfz3b
Still needs to get away. What's going on my dear canucks?  agrees w/ CheriBeri.. What happened to the 'nucks magic?
still no &quot;followers&quot;   please some1 inform me on how this works????
still no 22nd follower 
Still no 3.0  maybe 6pm will come up trumps.
Still no access to #tastelondon. Tiresome and annoying. No explanation either. To top it off internet isn't working on my phone  STARVING!
Still no apology from SAMS CLUB from Patty Joyce Regional LP 
Still no book  I need it badly!
Still no call 
still no clue! feeling kinda sad coz people keep making up crap about me at school  no fun..
still no connection at home...  
Still no conversions  Something needs to be done!
still no cupcake for me 
Still no data/GPRS in my area, @O2 customer service confirmed been a problem for last ~60 hours. Still no idea when fixed though. *sobs* 
still no date for bon iver next week 
Still no internet connection  on my phone 
still no iphone  cant give up hope yet though! 21 left, one has to be mine...  #squarespace .
Still no iPhone to me.. 
Still no iPhone update 
Still no Kanon Complete set  WHY!!
Still no keys. Sigh. This is going to cost a lot to replace 
still no luck  I've scanned the background of a few videos (since I didn't get filmed or photographed lol) but I can't see us 
still no luck finding autobot cosmos (legends) im getting a feeling he is NOT getting realesed in sweden 
Still no luck on tha plane they cant find it nowhere so sad my heart n prayers go out to all tha familys 
Still no luck with the moby broadband 
Still no luggage from @VirginAmerica.  So far told us 3 different times that they'd have her bag here. Not feeling the #MFGA love 
Still no Marvin  I'd better install the ceiling lights now before it gets dark....
Still no mms  o2 keep texting saying it's enabled then it's not....
Still no name for our production company!! PLEASE HELP! 
still no news about baby Sean  please pray for him to get better â™¥
Still no news about the faith of the CNET's Indecent Exposure podcast 
still no phone  x nother video comin soon x
still no pics from my new best friend MFF  are y'all sending up the prayers?
still no picture for me 
Still no shoes for the dress i'm gonna wear next month for the wedding 
still no shoes.. .. I want shoes. 
Still no sign of baby. Looks like I'll be at work tomorrow  lol
Still no sign of the dog. I don't like dogs, but I'm worried for the poor guy. 
still no signs of tea 
Still no sound 
Trying to relax by listening to MCR. It's not working. Still feel guilty 
trying to relax. got a sore head 
Trying to relax. My body is sore. 
Trying to remember login info for my CE Broker account 
trying to remember the lyrics of a song with the world cinderella... i know is a old song, light rock, but arghh can't remember 
trying to rest today, not feeling that great 
Trying to rethink the next few weeks and how a broken foot might affect my plans... 
Trying to rewire the clothesline - what a nightmare 
Trying to rewrite my cover letter so it doesnt sound so generic. Only thing is I am a HORRIBLE writer  Poop.
trying to run VH, but nobody wants to join... 
Trying to sell my GM stock 
trying to set up my facebook page if they would let me... 
trying to setup XDCMP login from this WinXP thin client to my old Xubuntu workstation.. the display doesn't refresh entirely.. 
Trying to sign back into twitter - had to create a new account 
Trying to sign into YahooMessengerWeb from work is a fail. Slightly upset. 
Trying to signup to graze.com using @andypiper code L35GD2XG But hotel wifi playing up a bit 
trying to skype with my little brother but the connection on his side is really bad... 
Trying to sleep  keep remembering tuesday and freaking out
trying to sleep , but this strep throat is killing me  
Trying to sleep between night shifts. Last one tonight. Have managed to wake up and now can't get back to sleep 
trying to sleep but cant'  time for some coldplay
Trying to sleep but can't and its 4:15 in the morning, I hate this 
Trying to sleep but it's too bright 
Trying to sleep finally.. Can't wait to hear from my baby  I miss him so much..
trying to sleep i guess 
Trying to sleep in but there is a dog outside that won't stop barking 
Trying to sleep so my belly doesn't hurt 
trying to sleep to &quot;sad sad kiddo&quot; mix created last night. also, i'll miss that golden blue 
Trying to sleep!!! Not working!!!!!!! 
Trying to sleep.. I have to be at work at 6am! 
Trying to sleep... All alone  thinking &amp; missing him like crazy
Trying to sleep... No luck 
Trying to sleep... Pap's funeral tomorrow...  
Trying to sleep...but can't stop thinking about you... 
Trying to soak up every second with my babies. Last week of maternity leave already!! 
Trying to sort out home out and failing. Wishing so much that we hadn't had to do all this in such a rush 
so im super sick w/ a fever 
So im too damn tired to be on my way to work... But here i go 
so im up again...... hmph i'm like a cat..... i jus take naps 
so I'm up....  Over-slept church...
So I'm using my old macbook in lieu of the macbook pro.  Funny thing: the command/option keys are swapped on my external keyboard. 
So Imma a little hurt right now  One of my patients just asked me if I was pregnant *sigh* maam I'm sorry but I'm just extra small and my
So impatient..  no call
So incredibly tired this morning. 
so init 
So irritated by that trashy mouth! 
So irritating - I'm trying to remember a song based on the music video and all I remember is a white room and a saxophone. 
so is in the mood to stalk sherrie in the cinema hehe but dont wanna myself  that would be weird haha
so is there any answers to feelings that change every two minutes? 
So it just occured to me that i dont have any bottom eyelashes either 
So it looks like I'll be watching Pak v Sri Lanka on Sunday at Lords.   Bloody disappointing!
so it looks like its gonna be me and my kleenex box tonight...still sick 
So it rained on us  no swimming today! Maybe the weather will be better tomorrow.
so it saturday nyte, tha nyte is still young, im off of work and theres nothin to do. so therefore im goin to bed 
so it seems I forgot to throw my clothes in the dryer, and they were left in the washer all night 
so it seems that money is just that... no bud smh 
So it seems that, overall, the american league has been wiping the floor with national league teams during these interleague match ups. 
SO IT TTYN WITH HER AND IM STUCK HERE ON WALL STREET MISSING HOLLYWOOD SO MUCH 
So it turns out @RaymondNoel was impersonating @RealKeanuReeves after all. I really feel bad for all of the Keanu fans that were duped. 
so it turns out i'm mildly allergic to my ratty boys. 
Still no Subeta. Cancelled the mum-in-law babysitting job. It's a shitty day today. The sun is mocking me, I swear. I want my bassist. 
Still no suggestions for recording http://open.spotify.com/user/kraeig/playlist/6pZwW8FUnX5J9QlEbS2FGv  #spotify
STILL no Time-Lost.  Seriously, I will get him someday!
Still no tone Gard.   Wanted it for this weekend's gigs. Grrr...
Still no TV  only internet... arghh how am I going to survive without watching Conan, CNN, LK, AC360???? Que alguien me explique!!!!
Still no tweets. 
Still no update  bed time.
Still no Update for me 
Still no update ppl! No bueno 
Still no updates for http://ironruby.info/ 
Still no updates sent to phone 
Still no word from him today 
Still no word from my studio, looks like I have to be the heel, and cancel on a wonderful model again. 
still no word from those in Azadi  11.12 pm #iranelection
Still no work for me today. 
Still not 100%. I need some heavy fuel or a 2 day sleep 
Still not a millionaire... 
Still not at full capacity. Being ill sucks  but need to work for customers don't deserve sacrifice.
Still not at the hospital yet 
still not done packing... i think im going to sleep &amp; just wake up &amp; finish in 2 hrs...    how am i supposed to drive to TN tomorrow????
Still not done with homework for the night. I need a household to PC cable for this damn power pack 
Still not done with PC recovery... Haven't got sleep yet. 
Still not feelin' this Tweeting thing 
still not feelin well but I need to do my homework 
still not feeling so well...   false labor sucks.
still not feeling the best     Done studying for tonight :]    french exam tommorow!   (1/5)!
still not feeling very well 
Still not feeling well 
Still not feeling well..... one more day in bed I guess 
still not feeling well........10 hour work day ahead of me 
still not found a taker for the ticket... 
still not getting all my @twitter updates 
Still not getting new tweets 
still not good at this...  but who cares....lol
Still not got a new debit card!  One is not amused!
still not had my tea, im pretty hungry   trying to wait patiently as dad cooks it.
Still not happy about the 8am cancelled meeting I came in for 
Still not happy...  hearing the cousins babble. They're funny.
STILL not here 
still not home yet 
Still not home yet  another 30 mins I guess.
still not on  im bursting with news.. on that same matter.. theres still the urge that i dont believe 
trying to sort out reverse episode ordering on the HDX1000 using yamj and Tson's 5150 Skin. No Joy 
trying to start my summer reading but the website won't let me do it  oh wellll
Trying to stay awake at work 
Trying to stay awake in class today, hopefully I can take a nice long nap when I get home. Which will be...5 hours from now. 
trying to stay up...i went to bed at 4.30 and had to come to work at 9... 
Trying to stop the pain of my broken heart 
trying to straighten my hair, but it's too effing hot in here. also, i need food 
trying to stream a stupid movie from Megavideo... sooooo annnoying... 
trying to study  ...but going to the beach!
trying to study but failing miserably 
Trying to study for an exam   &quot;Contemporary Issues in IT Management&quot; - not as easy as it sounds, even for an IT dude...
trying to study for exams... going to fail 
trying to study for french exam 
trying to study for history. 
trying to study for math exam.. but whats really on my mind ? ... wanna go  see Demi and Selena !!!  ... @ddlovato @selenagomez
Trying to study for my eggjams...  not going so well
trying to study for my exams....but i seem to find it rather difficult..look how sunny it is outside 
Trying to study for the final today  http://myloc.me/2Mda
trying to study for the leaving cert  sun isnt helping!
Trying to study for the upcoming exams but I am too lazy 
Trying to study INS 23...so boring...no pictures 
Trying to study real estate finance 
trying to study, but I can't seem to fucking focus. this makes me sad because I know exam failure is coming closer and closerâ€¦ 
Trying to study, really, but i have a massive headache 
trying to study..but cannott get focused wanna go out and shop till i drop but im broke  lol
Trying to survive til Wednesday. 
Trying to sync my itunes playlist with my new BB8900, but the media sync keeps crashing... 
Trying to think of a good reason not to study and enjoy the good weather.... Can't really think of one.. 
Trying to think of vid ideas 
trying to toilet train my 3yr old 4 wks, not going well I have washed so many pairs of underwear this week its an epic ecological crime 
Trying to train my three Huskies not to jump on the bed and the furniture  &quot;Everything Starts in the Sandbox&quot;
Trying to train myself to be more organised and disciplined in order to be more successful. Kinda goes against my instincts 
trying to translate an email to Japanese for a friend... not succeeding... teskete kudasi  I give up  I learn it better in person.
Trying to tune in to thebridge but my laptop is on its last legs 
So it turns out Scarlett Bear has tonsilitis 
so it wasnt a dream, 8 really did close  im gonna miss that place! i practically grew up there.. so long friend!
So it would appear Apple are releasing iPhone 3.0 software 17 June 'American Time' as no update this morn 
so its 20C outside and im fully clothed with my dressing gown on too, and im still cold  theres something wrong
so its 3am I cut my bangs bleached my hair that resulted in me fucking my hair up. what to do now... lets dye it red! I hate my life 
So its a lovely 6 above here in St.Albert with rain !!!! 
So its been a very FLY 4/20 so far bt its done  We'll hit one more spliff just to do it tho.. fyngalno Psych nxt week and then summer.
So it's day one of the popular kidz ruling the world again. Let's get healthy garnett! Let's go celts! LA can have it's time now. 
So its like 2 something n the morning and i'm hella sleep from work  but cant sleep. Twitter babies hit me up!
So it's lunch time. I'm going to eat my organic burrito and try to churn out some chapter 8. But I'm distracted by bowties and ice cream. 
So its my bday weekend and shit is already headed south...might have to drive to atl tonight 
so it's my first free weekend in forever and everyones else is busy! 
So its my mum + dads 30th 2moro big party + no one 2go wiv  doh!
so its nice weather inside and im stuck inside with a cold that me my mum and dad all have. 
So It's OfficiaL MaRley &amp; Me Made Me Cry!!! SuCh A WoNderFuL Movie!! DoGs R MoRe ThaN PetS They Are FamiLy!! I Miss My Cheeco!! 
So it's probably an infection. Got some drops for the discomfort but may get worse before it gets better. 
so it's raining once again  maybe I'm in Seattle??
So it's the 17th where's my 3.0? Oh I have to wait for apple to wake up over in PDT FFS #applefail I wanted to update before work 
So its the Magic Vs. The Lakers in the NBA Finals.  Too bad for Lebron and the Cavs 
So it's turns out I have Bronchitis! So tired of coughing 
So it's useless to do that. At some point I need to get my passport renewed. Need photo probably. Got a zit at the tip of my nose. 
so Ive been officially dissed by my dad today  but its all good, him and moms are heading out to Athens ...now what to do??
still not one bit of these maths are actually going into my head 
Still not over the Cavs super mega Chris Brown beatdown 
Still not showing up in the public timeline. That's weird.    Hmmm, I wonder ... are we supposed to see our own updates in the timeline?
still not slept  and got black eye Grrr
Still not the same  my parents read my diary :'( so upset right now.
still not too convinced...... Today i had Taichi class....but my taichi outfit is still wet...!!! so... no Taichi today... 
still nothing 
still nothing from Ann   
Still nursing sore throat. Going to Dr's tonight at 8. And, today's my 12th wedding anniversary! Eating dinner out was barely tolerable. 
Still obsessing over the jonas brothers... Don't think this is ever gonna go away  I really want to let it go but just cant
still off ill 
Still on major missing Barcelona depression trip 
Still on my follow limit...I want to follow the people that are following me, but I have to wait until I get 1818 followers.  That sucks!
still on phone here.  oh and soon to have company again.  i look like crap and so does house 
Still on plane even tho we've parked. Now waiting for the stairs to attach &amp; then bus to terminal   #BAsucks  http://twitpic.com/6bymf
Still on the train 
still on work... 
Still on youtube and board 
Still only 11 Daily Booth followers.  I'm sad.   http://tinyurl.com/r8cmob
still owes 4,518 dollars to the bank. 
still pissed but has workies in like an hour  . can't believe glasto is next week fuckin can't wait sunna 
still pissed detroit would lose 
Still pissed off about ITV cancelling Primeval - it was getting 25% audience share. They can't leave Hannah stranded in the past forever. 
still pissed that I can't get channel 7 and 9 in HD anymore 
So I've tried just about everything to get the stuff written in sharpie off my velrow Vans rubber part and it's only faded a little  LAME.
so jealous of all you UK people able to see the start of TG tonight 
SO jealous of everyone going to E3 
so jealous that my mom and sister are going to ny for 4 days  sooo many people I could visit!
So jealouz of @loiusedizon! I AM SOGONNA FIGURE IT OUT TOMORROW. HAHA. I saw the preview of it in iTunes. I like also!. 
So Jon and Kate are officially divorcing  , Those poor kids have become a product of Reality TV Their lives will never be the same  !!!
So Jon and Kate are over. I'm actually quite sad. 
so jon and kate got a divorce today 
So just found out I have to drive over the tobin bridge today. I think I'm gonna hurl! 
So just managed to delete every contact off my iPhone... I'm sad... 
So Kay's ass been supposed to pick me up but im still home  Out of complete boredom..i decided to see what the big deal about this Twitter
so La La decided she should shave the side of her head too huh? i got news for you babygrl. urs not gon grow back fast as cassies! 
So laid back... The person I care about the most avoids talking to me on the phone  So I have to settle and talk to this lame dude..  ...
So last nights last outgoing message was pointless..now ill be bummed for school fml 
So late iSMS updation ... 
so late so mad damn wishn i can turn arund o well gotta deal with this damn ma pumps was ma outfit wateva i gues 
so layin in bed n wonderin if i shoulf bother callin spencer since he tweeted his # hmmm im too cheap to call this 
so lazy ... i ust make homeworks ... 
so lazy to study. argh!! i wanna sleep ....AGAIN! 
Trying to tweet from my cell phone but its not working 
Trying to type FEA. its hard 
Trying to understand this thing. dunno even how to start and from where. 
Trying to understand what it is that you do on Twitter? I guess I don't get it. 
trying to understand why i can only send messages to people who use twitter attached to twinkle..  Can't send to people just on twinkle.
trying to update itunes but my computers too damn slow 
trying to update my profile photo &amp; background image, but is not going well.  Twitter is having another tech heart attack 
Trying to upgrade to 3.0 and getting no where. 
trying to upload a custom background on here, but it's not working 
Trying to upload a pic but won't let me 
trying to upload a picc ! stil wont let me 
trying to upload a picture and loves how twitter tells me my it's a nice photo but then it doesnt showw uppp on default  baddd twitterrr
trying to upload a profile pic not havin much success 
trying to upload new software to my iphone. 
Trying to upload pics from tweetgenius and its not working. Only social scope will let mw do it 
trying to upload pics....taking ages......   zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
trying to upload pix but sad to say.....nothing happened...... 
Trying to upload today's @londonist interview, and the system is SO slow  boo!
trying to use the force to get the pan au chocolates over to the bed! 
Trying to vote for @ddlovato On teen choice, But the things SO slow 
trying to wake myself up listening to the dulcet tones of some workmen 
Trying to wake up  Sudden and desperate urge to play Escape from Monkey Island... I'm sure I bought it for the Mac years ago!
trying to wake up and get motivated for the day. My last day w/ my sister, bro-inlaw, niece &amp; nefew  SAD DAY
Trying to wake up enough to go for a run before work. So drowsy 
Trying to wake up now.... 
Trying to wake up.  2 starbucks couldn't even help.    Pulled an all nighter and slept for an hour.  Catches up to ya after 3 days repeat.
trying to wake up...slept horrible.  and trying to figure out what to do today - overcast 
Trying to wake up..but dunno 
Trying to ward off a migraine 
trying to warm up!  its freezing!   
trying to wash my clothes but the lady c-blocked me. you took the washer before i could get there 
still pissedd that @mileycyrus isnt coming to sacramento. i dont wanna drive to oakland, we all know what happened last time I did that 
still planning to learn for the German writing test, still haven't done anything for it. im too lazy 
Still playing drinking games...fml I'm losing badd 
Still pouring down 
still praying for the same old birthday wish. 
still preety bummed 
Still prefers Facebook... even tho it's becoming more of a Gaming site.  
still preparing for tomorrows presentation 
still pretty jealous of my boyfriend and the rest going to winter sounds without me 
still pretty sad about the jon and kate thing... i wanted them to stay together as if i'm part of their family... this is depressing 
Still pretty upset about a guy trying to kidnap me and my friend. Did he seriously think we'd get in his car? I'm so tense 
still procrastinating. macro. again 
Still putting stuff on the truck 
Still raining 
Still raining and cold 
still raining and I've got the day off work 
still raining here   todavÃ­a estÃ¡ lloviendo...how is the weather over there, whereever you are? cÃ³mo es el tiempo, dondequiera estÃ¡is?
Still raining here in The Bay...I forget what sunshine looks like ! 
still raining here.... 
Still raining im so bord cuz we are not gonna do anythinoday proberly 
still raining, stuck in the house,  wooooooooooooooof 
Still raining.... 
Still rather ill 
Still reading IA for the www ... *must* get through the &quot;Thesauri, Controlled Vocabularies, and Metadata&quot; chapter  ... http://tr.im/o1f8
still really bored 
Still really depressed at the new version of Freaxxx. 
still really embarrest 
still really sick, my face is all swollen at one side 
Still really tired from yesterday... if I have to do any practical today I'll die! And seeing the show tonight... a mix between  and 
STILL reconcilling bloody key deposits,craving hot beaches, and blue sea's my baby and me sitting under palm tree's! Not gonna happen! 
still recovering from my over-yogaing last night.  back is knotted up tight.  never thought that relaxation could cause injury 
still recovering from the grey goose shots with @MK6121 last night! 
So life right now is as miserable as it gets. 
So like either I'm really stupid or my playstation doesn't work.. Either way I'm officially sad.. Cuz I can't play my game. 
so like i saw a white butterfly earlier and i was like 'does that mean someone died' then once i came home i found out my godmother died 
So like twitter is not letting me upload a picture   I took it with a camera phone..it's not letting me do it...any other suggestions?
So like... I need a nigga. Naw, I don't need a nigga I WANT one. Where is poohbutt?? 
so likee, i was craving jamba juice, so ralph and christian got me one. and then RIGHT when they got to my driveway. IT SPILLED. 
so listen to the new jonas brother cd i liked most of the songs.. its the first time ever that i had to skip a song on the jb cd 
So little done this weekend 
So little time 
So lonely  I need cuddles.
So lonely without my Macbook pro...  
So lonely! 
So long Dallas, I wish things could of been different, on my way back to waco........ 
so long rafa...  what happened???!
So Long, Sweet Summer. 
So looks like I'll never go to Backlot ever again  Sad Day
so mad about warped 
SO MAD AT THE RAIN 
so mad I cannot do a 6inch heel...im a little too clumbsy...lmao *sigh* those shoes were so bad 
so mad i lost my lil BlackBerry cover 
So mad I missed the Hi Five &quot;Quality Time&quot;    
so mad i missed the tryouts for the fair thingy i even wrote a song i was even singing it in front of ppl to see if they liked it 
So mad that Loopt doesn't work on my I pod touch 
so mad that shes working this entire week. no nice days for me! 
So mana said she'd be at my crib by 745, it is 801 already, I'm thinkin she's gonna get here like 830, meaning no breakfast 
So manic I barely have time to think. Urgh... recruitment stress for job next week 
so many bad news this week! just incredible!!! 
So many bills, so little money 
so many blogs to update, so little time. Work's a hard master  so much for going back early. Something cropped up *sigh*
so many cool writer t-shirts, so little money 
Still recovering from the weekend. Good times! What happened to the weather 
Still remain one task on tonight:- make presentation for new customer 
Still revising 
Still rockin it out at The Alive Festival. Last day...  I think Elijah is into the music.  http://twitpic.com/7ya37
still rooting for mumbai in #IPL 
still sad   and also really confused??
still sad abou it 
Still sad about Ian. Whisper war is now on repeat. 
still sad over the cavs being eliminated by the freakin' magic 
Still sad that Danny Gokey was voted off. 
Still sad this morning 
still sad. didnt get to see 17 again today 
still sadddddddddddddddd, but exciteddd but sad  and in need of boxes lol.
Still sat at gate. Strange liquid found in cargo hold. Hazmat team called to investigate. 
Still Searching for 3-4 Displays for the Gamescom Exhibition ... 
Still searching for the fastest way to work.  http://bit.ly/2omWGy
still searching. Why does it have to be so hard? 
Still Season 9-less. Why is EVERYWHERE sold out of SVU season 9?????? *sigh* I'm feeling tons better, and wanted to watch it. 
Still shaken up over Moochie. She's undergoing surgery now. Should hear from vet in about two hours. I know she'll be fine, but....   
Still shocked with the convo I had with him earlier I need my Paddy on this one PADDY WHERE ARE YOU  ?!?!
still shoesless  que ardillaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Still sick   Psyched about Rachel's party tho!
Still sick  but ill go to school, for one hour , to do my english exaam! yaay..
still sick  craving for mcD. i think im gonna order soon. Hungry.
still sick  i hate life lately
still sick  laying down watching tv.
still sick  n pple dont know how to make u feel any better!
Still sick  This really sucks....: Still sick  This really sucks.... http://tinyurl.com/p32osq
Still sick  ughhhhh, I hate this shit
Still sick  wish I can be better already
Still sick  wish I was somewhere far far away eating comfort food and snuggling him  http://mypict.me/54ee
still sick ... I think I just need to ride this one through 
still sick ahh i hate it 
Still sick as hell. I need a nap or ten. 
Still sick but already back to work 
still sick but working until 4.    trying not to touch anything. disinfecting anything i do.
still sick can't do any videos so sad  want to do videos
Trying to watch the burlesque at #AOM but am too short 
trying to watch the final of the biggest loser but the stupid itv player thing is being annoying and keeps breaking 
Trying to win tickets to see &quot;No Doubt&quot; on Chum fm... I lost 
Trying to work on my story, but im blank right now 
trying to work on my thesis during my vacation time!!!! it's just unnatural to be graffting during the holidays!!! 
trying to work out bloody twitter mobile 
trying to work out how to add people by email , because only got one follwer lol 
trying to work out how to use this shit aye 
trying to work out if it is more socially acceptable to walk over to canteen in dress/boots or joggers/boots. no clean jeans 
Trying to work out the family vacation plans except now I am planning for just me &amp; the boys. boo 
trying to work out the solo to 'that girl' on my brothers guitar realy wishing that my strat had strings 
Trying to work out which of my projects need the most urgent love. Tempted to go with the easiest, not most pressing 
Trying to work outside in the sunshine...but can't see my screen! 
Trying to work with Wordpress, but it's just a MESS! &gt;&lt; I miss the simplicity of Dotclear... 
trying to work... 
Trying to write a photography essay. I have no idea how to even start it 
Trying to write a song but i have writers block... 
Trying to write a song...... ITS FREAKIN INSANELY HARD!!!! 
trying to write alannah's letter for the year 12 retreat, its so sad, i cant do it 
Trying to write an article on a topic you dont understand is trickyy 
trying to write an essay in english. Painful 
Trying to write down my study objectives, I just so damn hard. 
trying to write dssertation 
Trying to write my statement of goals and objectives....way harder than it sounds! 
trying to write...unable...maybe it's the tea, maybe me 
TRYING TOK FIND A J.O.B HAVING NO LUCK SO FAR...... 
trying too think of something more efficient than a whistle for others to locate me when i get lost at oxegen   i wonder...
trying vainly to transfigure the TV into something edible. i'm hungry! 
trying VERY hard not to turn into the green monster 
trying Wolfram Alpha with &quot;GOOG YHOO&quot; - like how info is presented - 1 depressing fact in results:  rev/employee at GOOG is 2x &gt; YHOO 
So many farewell parties! sad to see people leaving .. 
So many foods in here, but I don't feel like eating any of it 
so many good movies and i had to watch the scary one 
So many great new books coming out, (thinking @chrisbrogan 's @garyvee 's etc, etc, etc) and such a small budget. 
so many hot ppl at the garage. i feel rank 
So many ideas on my brain I can't sleep 
so many important things going on at once 
so many Macs in the office today, but Lindsay gets none of them  No fair
so many papers 
So many people are drunk tweeting! Speaking of drunk, @up2themic I wish you were with me right now tooooo 
so many people are getting Twitter, it confused me who each person is 
so many people talking about UP today. Did it just open stateside? we don't get it here in France until 29 July!  
SO MANY PEOPLE WANT THE SAME ITEM!!!!  Bidding or what? I'm really so broke gahhh
So many pics to upload! Boo to working full time 
So many ppl I kno have lost their moms recently  Shout out 2 all if u guys 4 being so strong! May the good memories of the past get u thru
So many problems right now, first her doubt and now two friends that i care about hate me.  i wanna die right now! 
So many questions for the next Battlestations Podcast. We'll do our best, but we can't possibly answer them all. 
So many questions with complicated answers, my brain hurts.  Now trying to think through the complications of UK edu and charitable law 
So many rip lusk shirts 
so many snipers, and no camera 
SO MANY SPIDDDDERS 
So many stay dogs and cats at me bus stop...its so sad  they need a home.
SO MANY TESTS NEXT WEEK. And i'm not studying now.....twitter is the cause of my failures 
So many tests todayyy  I don't feel confident about anyy.
So many things happened, and I wasn't able to open my twitter. sooo 
so many things to do. 
so many things to think about when preparing for a marathon.  aye dios.
So me and the makeup girlies have a meeting tomorrow EARLY! So no late night gym run  I have to fall asleep before 5AM. Sleeping pills??
So messed up... Need a coffee badly...if there was any good 
still sick fuck this shit 
still sick! and i think i'm getting worse! 
Still sick! I can NOT believe it 
still sick, at home. I've been mia 
Still sick, bummer. Making tea, relaxing, trying to get better. 
Still sick, but back at the office. Don't think the AC blasting is going to help me get any better though 
Still sick, but hopefully I can shake this cold off.  Club with Shawna and @kazizzletizzle tonight!
still sick, i fear that i have swine flu  NOT!im a bit O-K now, just a little migrane. btw, congrats to ORLANDO!!
still sick, raining outside and hungryyyyy 
Still sick, stupid flu, supposed to start work tomorrow, hopefully I'll be better! 
still sick,still in a bad mood,still sore 
Still sick. Im going to the doctor... i think its the flu!  and im leaving for new york on wednesday. Kk going to go on facebook!
Still sick... How long does a cold usually last? i've had this one for 3 days so far! 
still sick...I have so much I wanted to accoplish today but my body is putting her foot down!!! 
Still sickl  this sucks but watching degrassi &lt;3
Still sitting at beefs. A bit bored with no one to talk to 
still sitting here sweating my arse off. atleast hearing &quot; One Night In Bangkok&quot; @ Woodman's helped take my mind off the fricken humidity 
Still sitting in DC traffic.  
Still sitting on the couch. Haven't started washin' my hair. Too tired to move. 
Still sleepy as hell but the phone wont stop ringing so i guess its time 2 get up.  NATURAL*BEAUTY
Still sleepy but gonna get up lots of things to do today..... Sketching takes a lot of work when you cant put your heart into it 
still sleepy. (: did'nt have enough sleep. arrived home at exactly 4am na. err. so late. not yet doing my LMPs. sounds like pressure. 
still sleepy...contemplating nap already...this no sun thing is not a good thing! 
Still so freaking hot in minnesota.I gota go to the beach but dont Have the car  lets see what happens tonight
still so very jealous  and super sad! they better come to aus before dec14th or i'll die.  awwww! why couldn't i have lived in america?
Still so, so ill. 
still sore and I want to eat everything I can't 
Tryingg to fken sleep  my toe is killing meeee :'( I think I wasn't suppose to drive, wear heels , nor go out, or drink, fkkk
tryinq to warm my leqs up its so cold over here 
tryn to motivate myself to log on and do sum work in my online classes 
Tryn to sleep but cant 
tryna catch some Z's...i guess i need better bait 
Tryna Dye Myy Haiir But To Scared It Might Come Out Uglii Uqh Dnt Kno iif ii Should 
Tryna get my head together ready to be home 
Tryna Get To Some Homework 
tryna go to sleep...it ain't really workin 
Tryna keep my mind clear.. but its almost a year that my fav cuz left me 4 good.     :::R.I.P::: REKO
tryna sing dis song maan..i cant catch tha beat 
tryna upload a new song  but i cant!!!!
tryouts friday! 
T's trip was just extended into next week. Uhhhhhhh, it sucks even worse now that we have two homes I can be alone in, I swear. 
tsk tsk i burnt some food 
T-Storms for the big ride 
Tsujii - best work.    I wanted a Hagen perfomer to win...
TT__TT I just realized I don't have my camera on me. I must capture this moment with Tablo. HOW COULD I FORGET MY CAMERA?!? So not me... 
T-The tofurky is...GONE! 
TToTT The tour is over 
tt's all for diving this weekend! 
Tube strike still on victoria line n the whole line shut down  
tucker keeps throwing up  but mom says it's ok as long as he acts normally otherwise, which he is. i might take him to the vet later today
Tudors and popcorn?! I think so! Only one more disc to go until the third season comes out on DVD 
Tuesday ... Long day ahead ... 
Tuesday and I are going to watch scary movies. And eat junk food. But no cookie dough. 
Tuesday coming to an end., but my work week has just started.  
Tuesday is coming fast everyone...Please dont forget to ROCK the VOTE for Adam Lambert! No more bottom 3 
so missing @jonandolino @schukie and the end of the year fun 
so much bad food 
So much beer so little time. Beer festival is over. 
so much color on my pants  would it just heal already !
SO MUCH FIC SO LITTLE TIME. 
So much for 7-10 for #TweetItUp 
so much for a bright sunny weekend. how does 80% of america have higher than average temps when we have 60's  I want summer please!
so much for a day off- I've been on my feet, all over the place, all day! 
So much for a same day repair!  So far it's 8.5 hours overdue...  Disappointing 
so much for actually sleeping early today  sigh.
So much for blue skies  http://twitpic.com/6iml0
So much for BSG tonight... 
So much for getting loads of work done today, got up to find Internet connection is down again! 
So much for getting lots of sleep! I have to be up in 6 hours 
So much for getting my car in a month 
so much for getting some sunshine...I'm off to Tesco's 
So much for goin bikin today, it's snowin like crazy 
So much for goin to bed...im being dragged to the strip club 
So much for going back to sleep... 
So much for going out today... Hubby is sitting with the new love of his life..... His piano! &quot;oh I must practice.&quot; 
So much for going to see Green Day. My stomach is blah and it didn't help I got no sleep. I'm sooooo sorry Dennis! 
so much for having my blog up-and-running 
So much for mega lie in. Up at 6 mind working overload, am now doing assessing and reviewing. I've turned in to a grown up 
So much for my beach day 
So much for my career, my life and my dreams. My whole life will be completely different as of NOW!!!!   
so much for my day off tomorrow 
So much for my get out of jail countdown...people are stuck on the phone which means I am stuck!  
So much for my one day trade 
So much for my vegetable broth. It was dumped out when i got home last night. I didn't even get to use it 
So much for productivity at work. I can't connect to the network this morning. 
So much for Skype for BlackBerry in May 
so much for sleep. on my way to the emergency pet hospital. 
So much for sleeping... so exhausted, but i can't sleep. 
so much for spending the day studying.  fail.  whyyyyyy did I have to get sick today? this exam will not be a success. 
still sore from Astros loss yesterday 
still struggling for internet. sucks beyond words. sorry im only on occasionally. its gunna be about 4 weeks more tho   peace xx
Still stuck at work...we're having issues  
Still stuck in office.. Was planning to leave at 5:30 today when some one &quot;foretold&quot; the situation.. 
Still stuck in side some stupid clothes shop in meadow hall  still no apple shop 
Still stuck in the cubicle I hate Mondays 
Still stuck on the tube 
Still stuck with the Microsoft specialist... Won't this day ever end! 
still stuck with this MO's assignment huuh... 
Still studying english, laying on my bed with the sun shining through my window, how i wish I could be out playing volleyball right now 
still studying for that stupid exam 
still studying lines  goodnight all you tweeters out there&lt;3 gonna be a great weekkk!
Still studying.  I'm all by myself now. I better do good tomorrow.
still studying. still revising. this never ends. 
still stunned. and then realized it sunday 
Still sufferin  knockin out a bit of Agnostic Front b4 i head to do the dreaded saturday shoppin
Still suffering from a cold. I'm really starting to get tired of the *coff* and *sniffle*. 
still suffering from headaches. 
Still suffering from Jetlag. I was awake at 5am today with wayy to much energy  I need SLEEP!
still the same! 
still thinking 
Still thinking about this weekend's SAR mission...  http://bit.ly/117IXY. Thoughts go out to the family. 
STILL tinkering with phplist 
Still tired because a combination of thunder &amp; bad dreams kept me up allll night 
still tired from yesterday 
still tired, i don't wanna go to school..boo hoo 
Still tired.  Still needing to just lie down. 
still tired... but can't go back to sleep 
Still too hot to go to sleep. 
Still too hot!  Did pretty well in work today for a change, although won't be making a habit of it! And i'm over tired now too  
still trying to do my spanish 
still trying to figure out how to use my new phone 
still trying to figure out twitter...not finding it very user friendly! 
Still trying to figure out Twitter? btw this is the real bootanner! So all you haters can quit trying to be me...jk no one tries 
Still trying to figure out what's wrong with my email server! Might be dropping the LED thing - no investment money... 
still trying to figure this thing out.... bored at work... 
still trying to finish stupid contracts and marketing stuff.  wishing i was taking a nap instead. 
STILL trying to get over my trip to LA 
still trying to learn gmaps and flex and php and mysql. how will i be able to write to database? 
Still trying to pin point some good fundraising ideas ...we need to support the arts in our childrens schools 
Still trying to recover from a cold 
Still trying to recover from kevin smith in brantford and mels bday party in Brock. Staying up till 5am is for a much younger person 
Still trying to recover from the fall last Friday....I'm feeling it now!!!  I've fallen and I can't get up!!!   Can't even work out!  
still trying to understand human nature.... no success 
still tryna figure this whole twitter thingy out its soo wired they wont let me upload a image 
still twittering from the office 
Still undecided what to do for my birthday. Paris or London? Londons easier to get to but, it's Paris... No doubt I'll end up in Reading 
still unempolyed  I feel shitty anout it and need a job. Anyone in LA got any work? I fancy a change
still unfollowing twittering radiostations, marketeers and news-networks and businesses. They pollute your tweets I'm following 
still up   another sleepless night working my ass off!more exams and papers to hand in. this hangover from studying is gonna be massive.
Still up  not tired at all.. Okay, maybe a little.
Still up  somebody entertain me
Still up  wide awake. I'm seriously a vampire
still up 2. i c u. bout to lay my ahhh on down. its mothers day n my mother's no where to b found &gt;&gt; she's bak at home.. im far away.  luv
Still up and packing. How did I always underestimate how long this takes?  Back to work 
Still up at 6am yet again 
Still up doin nothin now 
Still up Tweeter was handlin sum business...now nite nite...hopefully i could wake up earlier still  haha
Still up, UNfortunately. My eyes don't wanna fall asleep 
still up... 
still up... the root canal I had on Tues is giving me a fit 
still up... watching TV... another workweek ahead 
Still up.....unfortunately still waiting 
still up.....wish I woulda seen scotty ...   I feel like dancing
still up...4:42 am 
still up...writing some more..trying to do justice to my sex scene....you would think that part would be a no brainer   bleh !
Still upset about the way the game went down yesterday 
still upset because someone stole my bike in front of Metropolitan in bburg    #fb
Still upset that Adam didn't win 
Still upset that Nadal lost yesterday's match  Although Federer's still my fave! - http://tweet.sg
Still very ill! 
still very sad about my piercings. 
Still very sick. 102*F fever. 
Still Very Tired 
Still waitin for this new iPhone update 
still waiting 4 my new macbook... 
still waiting for &quot;the noble art of irony&quot; ....that sucks.... 
still waiting for (mt) to reappear. I'm trying to work 
Still waiting for 3.0 update 
Still waiting for AA to arrive 
still waiting for him to love me again. 
Still waiting for husband 
still waiting for iphone in korea confirmation! 
Still waiting for my car and experiencing serious Jeremy withdrawal. 
Still waiting for my nap 
still waiting for sms / call / email / etc from school about the announcement, how come DeHa not do the announcement today?! 
Still waiting for someone to text me.. @JordanDropDead hates me though 
still waiting for summer here in #bozeman....is it possible it may never arrive? 
Still waiting for the @beejiveIM update! Apple are just being plain nasty now! 
Still waiting for the bus 
Still waiting for the complementary hospitality tickets for tomorrow at Silverstone.  We've only got pikey grandstand tickets  #fb
Tuesday morning...Cold...Foggy...and YUCKY to the max....and still 7 hr of work to do in this misery 
Tuesday Night lineup is crazy! Hawthorne, College Hill, then RHW of NJ Reunion! I'm never gonna get any work done. 
Tuesday said &quot;looking for a needle in a haystack&quot; near Monday! 
tuesday seems so far away 
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday = EXAM !!  wow shit 
Tuesday... work then homework 
Tuesday: A heavy-duty gym session. Thursday: Lower thighs still stiff. Result: Knees buckle when I walk, climb stairs or kickstart bike. 
Tuesday?  Hmmm that stinks 
tuesday-last day of buddies  wednesday-last w/ EVERYONE   thursday- earl haig w/ budds   friday-DOVER!!
Tuesday's Further Maths is going to be the death of me     (save me please     )
Tuesdays in Gurgaon feel like curfew days 
Tuesdays suck. Can we change the calendars to Friday through Monday.. 4 day weeks would be awesome!  me so sad that it's only hump day.
Tuhan.. Kasii aQ kebahagiaan ya.. aQ suda berusaha,tetapi tetap ga bisa.. Please keep peace my sanity and miracle.. I need that a lot 
Tum de dum... Not in the mood for movies tonight  This girl wants to shake her ass!
tumblr is so much more fun than twitter 
Tumblr wont let me sign in 
tummmmy ache 
tummy ache   i knew that ice cream was too good to be...well, good.
tummy ache  on the bright side .. got a tna bag .. and it's not part of my b-day gift .. got b-day money .. want to buy jonas tix with it!
Tummy ache  Pre lesson observation nerves.  Roll on 3pm.
tummy ache and headache great!  =/
Tummy ache on a Friday?  Boo-hiss 
Tummy ache! My stomach hurts soooo bad 
tummy ache, last day of A day.  excited to leave ms. kraus and riggle. but not mr. buter! 
Tummy ache.  could this day get any worse?
Tummy aches  school tomorrow. I should try and go to first period on time.
Tummy aches. 
tummy acting up as if i'm wearing tight pants or too tight undies. BUT I'M NOT! blergh 
Tummy feeling down under for the past few nights... 
tummy hurts   schools almost over, I love this :]
tummy hurts   studying for online quiz
tummy hurts  everytime I wake up I get a tummy ache for like 5 minutes...is that odd?
tummy hurts  new album makes it a lil better though &lt;3
Tummy hurts  oh noes
tummy hurts  watching Secret Life &amp; Jon and Kate + 8 with .@ateachingheart. I love my mommy time.
Tummy Hurts .. 
Tummy hurts bad 
tummy hurts from too much homemade salsa 
Tummy hurts.  Goodnight world.
Tummy hurts-been eating 'clean' lately so yesterdays pizza lunch didn't agree w/ me-ugh  Doing my walk/run later today
Tummy in pain like crazy  hope ur friend is ok Chy! ~JoJo~
Tummy is feeling So uncomfortable.. I wonder why.. Been having stitch-like pains lately too..  goin home early to rest.. - http://tweet.sg
Tummy is hurting 
Tummy is hurting had way tooooo much to eat at such a late hour  not good Bad Jenni
tummy is hurting to much now, 
tummy is making noises 
tummy is not feeling good at all  i wish i felt better to entertain my baby
tummy is upset 
Tummy kept me awake. Medicine let me sleep. Medicine wore off and tummy woke me up  Not much sleep inbetween. Ugh.
tummy painnnn  boo. this sucks.
Tummy sick at work = no fun.  
Tummy upset today  Will need to spend tomorrow getting ready for our 1st co-op session on Monday
Tummy, what did I do to you to make you hurt me like this?  )
Tupac's birthday today.  R.I.P.
Turin Cat's not well - scheduled to have an operation in the morning. 
Turkey - why are the back up singers so far away and in less flashy red clothes. I feel for them 
Turkish GP tomorrow, but on Fox so it will be tape delayed.  It means the chance of me finding out who won before I watch, is high. 
Turn of events, may need to return to Malaysia sooner than expected 
turn off #google #chrome....take long time 
turn off the sun. Please?  This is unbearable. ((
Turn off: guys who smoke cigarettes!! Damn my secret crush smokes  oh well still eye candy
turned down Jordan Knight because the X was standing ten feet away. 
turned my bedroom into a sauna to get rid of period pain 
turned off txt notifications as its slowing my phone   will turn on after work/during play time
Turned on the air conditioner just a few min ago. Now I can no longer feel morally superior to everyone else. 
turned on the fountain at peir 84 and some asshole chewin a sandwich gave me the stink eye, called me a bitch 
Turning da t.v off so I can focus on all this stuff I have to read  Da one night when there's loads of good movies to watch!How bout dat?
Turning in early. What a horrible day  &lt;&lt;andreamazing&gt;&gt;
turning in my classroom key today.  Wow, this is really official. 
Turning in my phone soon &amp; going to bed' need to make it through one or two more days hopefully. Missing talking to Sam tonight  2
turning off my comp. so i have no distractions... homework time 
Turning off the apprentice.  I'll never get that 10mins back 
Turning off twitter because everyone is talking about summer jam 
Turning Twitter off so as to avoid further E3 spoilers. I can't watch the live show right now. 
turns out both is right. but Leen's way sound so country style HAHA 
Turns out I can't go to the o2 Festival this year  #fb
Turns out I have reached my insurance cap and am now no longer covered for insulin... must find new provider because last bottle was $100 
turns out i lost the nano clone contest 
Turns out I really tweaked my back. Got prescriptions, a chiropractor referral, and orders to take it easy &amp; skip the gym.    &amp;  
Turns out if your eyes.... Hurt too much.... Contacts are near impossible to put on.... Glasses for me today  &lt;Elena's&gt;
Turns out I'm staying at home  but maybe we'll still go to a movie. Any thing good out?
turns out its not a good idea to bike wearing flip flops 
Turns out that OpenSim just blows when it comes to texture performance, and it wasn't my build at all 
Turns out the book-cart dislocated and shifted my toe.  Doc does not know if it will be 100% ever again. 
Turns out the glass that Ford puts in their cars can spontaniously explode and shatter at any time. I learned the hard way   -Sarruh-
Turns out the Lil bro has been homeless since Friday  oh no 
Turns out the new Black Eyed Peas album isn't really going to be the end. 
Turns out the new iPhone isn't as cheap as I thought it was going to be in the uk. 
turns out there had been #earthquake warnings in Italy and they were ignored: http://bit.ly/4dVYg3 
Turns out they have suckish books 
Turns out we aren't going on a vacation. We are going to a funeral.  Turns out my grandfather's sister died, so I'll be off on those days.
Turns out WoW really does destroy lives. How sad. 
Turtles are better than my Mac - lasts longer and moves faster 
Turtles Can Fly is kinda funny! I dont wanna get to the sad part  &amp;I SEE DAVID FABER TODAY!
tut i being on here with a proxy, had to find a new browser based one as the other i was using has been blocked 
Tut tut, it looks like rain 
Tuxedo fitting today for sisters wedding. Mens Warehouse style not Michael Weston approved but pant sizing very MC Hammer friendly.  
Tv arrived but can't play cos have to go to stupid work 
TV can just suck it today.  Hiawatha is gonna try and find someone interesting to do......oops meant something not someone. lol ;)
TV died ... have to find the cost to repair (or replace) 
TV during the week is boring 
TV not working! Very silent for last night in the apartment  dont wanna move out!
TV on - Laptop on - 3 pillows check - Water yes - Tired uh huh - Sleeping yet negative - Restless beyond -.... Someone help please 
TV One news anchor sucks!! 
TV Producer fail! We're better than the cutting room floor 
TV remote has officially gone MIA, have to get up to turn off TV     Why is there not a 'TV remote' pager button on TV's???
Tv tonight: 6:30 - Neighbours. 8:30 - Kate and Leopold. + maybs masterchef. i feel so useless on a friday night 
So much for th paper.  i just woke up from my nap 
So much for that beautiful day... bloody cold weather 
So much for that idea just started raining  #glasto
So much for that.  Wow.  What a bomb. 
So much for the beach 
so much for the beach bars....poooooring rain 
So much for the beach! Darn that Laker Parade 
So much for the Lebron / Kobe matchup 
So much for the museum  Guess I can take my favorite youngest son &amp; drop him so he can enjoy, then pick him up later.
so much for the start of summer in Holland... it started out promising but now the clouds and small showers have won from the sun 
So much for the sun today 
so much for the sun, rain is here again 
So much for thinking I wasn't going to have these kinds of thoughts again 
So much for Xbox 360.  Shitty plastic bag fucked us over.
so much fun 2 b had,so lill tym! where did the tym go?  bk 2 buks! oh god, cant monday b more far enuff????? mon morn blues already 
So much fun in palm springs.. But trying to get over this cold 
So much fun playing beach volleyball, but I got a piece of glass stuck in the bottom of my foot. 
so much geog revision to do 
So much happier, despite my looming departure 
So much homework 
So much homework due tomorrow  Cant wait for Saturday. gonna be theeee besstttt!
so much homework to do!!! 
so much homework, so damn tired. 
So much homework, so little time! 
So much housework 
so much housework to do, i want my mum back 
So much I need to do today, so little motivation,pretty sure I have some sort of flu too 
So much I want to do today but a load of housework needs tackling first  Why didn't the housework fairies visit in the night???
so much material to read. 
So much music, so little time  #rf09
So much new music so little time to listen to it all 
so much packing left to do it makes me sad!!! not many ppl have wished me luck! i guess they dont care!!! 
So much pain  and so tired
so much reading. no email yet. school tomorrow. track prelims tomorrow. 
So much string , I think I might cry 
So much stuff to do this week  finals kill.
so much sun. not really used to it. my eyes hurt 
tv. then bedtime. i miss my sisters &amp; stephen! 
TV-FOX firefox plugin allows to watch TV channels of several countries in the world.  I only regret that it is not available for linux. 
tw, GOOD MORNINg, yah i am up this earl 
Twaiting for wife to come down stairs then will knock out some TiVo. She leaves again tomorrow.  She has to travel too much.
'Twas not me who made fun of you @workboots, and I really miss him!!! 
Tweaked layout @ Tres Lola: http://www.treslola.com/  &amp; am trying not to feel too deflated that no one cares about sustainable beauty 
Tweaked my knee tonight...not again  it's all swollen and red!! NOT GOOD!!!!
Tweating sometimes feels like another way to talk to myself 
tweeeeeeeet, i can see summer coming, till it rains tomorrow 
TWEEEEEET! good morning twitterland! going to work at 1 so need to keep packing and cleaning this flat! move out in t minus one day 
tweeet... just been made 2 get out of bed to da home work  i'm now watchin t4 to keep an eye out 4 mcfly
tweeple!! my neck feels like I have a crook or something  I need a massage!
Tweeps get yall last tweets off we goin under maintenence in 13 min 
tweeps i crashed someones car im home now but im scared 
Tweeps I feel like crap, this damn cold i think is  turning into allergies 
Tweeps, I miss my crazy pretzel man  I have so much crap to do today and I probably won't do any of it haha!
Tweeps, I miss my CRAZY Pretzel MAN! 
Tweet Deck is being asshole tonighttt!!!!!!!   
still waiting for the iPhone upgrade tho 
still waiting for the videos to upload... 
still waiting for the weekend. it looks like its going to be a while 
still waiting in line....   ................ ugh
Still waiting on my acekard + silicon case since yesterday.  Processed through Sort Facility, June 21, 2009, 2:27 pm, SPOKANE, WA 99224
Still waiting on the ISP to check out their wireless equipment and earn the money I pay them each month. Dial up would be more reliable 
still waiting to get my hair done and im hungry and i want to go home and play and i want to go to the mall! been here an hour 
Still waiting. I dont like when people are unreliable 
still waiting.. 
Still waiting....def not updated every 5mins 
still waking up, man I wish I could drink coffee  
Still want a Shakira jukebox musical starring RaÃºl Esparza and Julia Murney. 
still want to meet a nice man who wants to have nice experiences together... missing intimacy I am!  
still wants some pizza. 
Still watchin the Cards, ain't  looking good. 
still watching breaking bad... but i feel SO antsy!  idk what's wrong w/ me. every1 i want to talk to is just so... unavailable right now
Still watching IT...R.I.P. Jonathan Brandis 
Still watching Nights in Rodanthe..... It's at the end and it's so sad! 
still watching PBS and tweetn as if i dont have anything else better to b e doing. it's raining in chicago 
Still watching period dramas. I wish there was a class like this at Umacq... I miss my English Extension class in high school so much 
Still watching PPP. Almost done. It's got a good message, but the acting's not so hot. My tummy hurts  Think I need to eat something...
Still wet out...ugh 
still wished she had met Quest Crew.  Stupid Purgatory.
still wishing my water breaks im so done being prego 39 weeks and 5 days grrrr  cant wait to see my little girl so anxious
still with that rusty @emmaaaa_xo :p &amp; i burnteded my arm  it hurts..
Still with the headache 
still without a face 
still wondering @aispectaculer: how come we have such a unique and miserable day yesterday? Pengamen sialan! 
so much ta do in such little time..  
so much to do 
so much to do  hate life sometimes.... wish I can be on holiday everyday!
So much to do - so little time    At least Monday is over!  And humpday is just around the corner!
so much to do and getting nothing done 
So much to do and so many semi-important (but unpaid) distractions 
so much to do and yet i don't know what... tech week is always bad when u have a trip right in the middle 
So much to do before starting new job tomorrow 
So much to do this summer, hopefully all comes in favor and nothing has to be cancelled  worked hard for it...
So much to do today and I just can't seem to get started 
So much to do today and so little energy  I can do this. I can do this, one thing at the time.
so much to do today and so little motivation 
so much to do today ughh 
so much to do today... don't want to but 
So much to do today...and nowhere to escape 
so much to do! so little time! i leave in two weeks 
so much to do, so little time!  oh looo.
So much to do, so little time. Half the year is almost gone. 
So much to do.  And I gotta get up eeeeaaarrrrlllyyyyyyyy. Ugh. Bed. I love you Charles. Even though you're depriving me of sleep.
so much to do... so little time 
So much to do... Would rather be cruisin' ... But the Mustang is sick. 
So much to do....so little time to do it.  Guess I should quit napping.  
So much to pack but not alot of room! 
So much to read, so little time 
so much work to do before school starts again tommorrow 
So much work to do this weekend... 
So much work to do today  and why are strange children hanging around my front door???
So muchhh shit to do. Ahh, I don't wannna do it 
So my alarm got changed somehow and I ended up waking up at 1:00  I feel like half my day is gone
so my bank account is writing red numbers again.that's what school fees for Canada already do to me.couldn't go see Bayside&amp;NFG yesterday 
tweet deck is crappy. it's all flippin out &amp; closing on it's own.  -- back to twitterrifffficccc !
tweet deck is crashing my browsers  i think i need more memory #fail
tweet deck is not working 
Tweet if everytime you're out on a sunny day &amp; you have U2's 'Beautiful day' stuck in your head?  It's sunny and i'm working  bah!
tweet maybe in the morning my mom is picking me up early ugh... 
TWEET ME PEOPLE!!! 
Tweet overload! Too many tweets per minute from the 300 odd followers of mine. Time to trim? 
tweet stats are down 
Tweet Tweet Tweet !! Someone is trying to wake me up 
Tweet tweet! Goodmorning world! It's an absolute rainy day here! I'm soaked on one side...effects of travelling in a bus! 
Tweet tweet!!! Wats up in twitville?twitter overload!! It's not working 
tweet tweet, i have to work im sad 
tweet tweet, i wish more of my friends had twitter 
Tweet tweet, today has been a very disappointing day 
tweet tweet...morningggggggg...work today  then i have to study smfh
Tweet! Just uninstalled TweetDeck and Adobe AIR until it decides to work again. 
Tweet,tweet,TWEET!!! Good Morning...just got back fron the gym, about to hop in the shower and get ready for work..and it's gonna be 90 
TWEET. crappy genetics work i cant do. crappy ecology work i cant do. cba to do anythinggg  babysitting tonight! :]
tweet. someone @reply me? 
Tweet. Tweet. But the birdies do not come. I just want to pets them. 
so my blackberry cuts on but the buttons dont work  anyone know of any blackberry repair shops?
so my boy bff just told me the army called him baaack... &amp; to fcukin IRAQ! riiight when we thought he was gonna be home for good!  sucky!
so my boyfriend is gone to church camp and i cant talk to him for a week. it also means that hes missing our 9 month anniversary.  
so my bro cant fix my phone so i might get a used one  so not happy i love my phone even though it isnt the greatest
So my bro is pissed at me, and LITERALLY just melted my skin with a hot fork   
so my cat just jumped on my face while i was sleeping. &quot;wtf just hit me in the face&quot; i sit up im bleeding.  SERIOUSLY!!
So my comcast just stopped working 
So my company bans IM as &quot;resource intensive&quot;, and Google Wave merges IM w/ Email, Twitter, et  So ... I guess I won't be able to use it? 
So my computer battery will no longer charge... I'm not sure exactly what I should do 
so my dad has 2 get a valve replacement, im way more scared than he is. 
So my dad woke me up at 2:30 this morning to say bye 
so my date with my 'sexy-beast' tomorrow is off.feels kinda..sad.and this is not right. 
so my day has definitely gone downhill 
So my fever is even worse now (102.6) and it hurts to breathe even  I WISH I KNEW WHAT WAS WRONG WITH ME!!! ughhhhhh
so my firiends are all going to a party tonight.. well sorta party.. and im not going cus i have to watch my dog.. im so sad  and bored...
So my first aid shift started out with some excitement but now it's kinda died down...  I wish I could do this more often!
so my girlfriend and I were flirting, and in the midst she somehow managed to take my phone (on accident of course). No phone sucks 
So my grandpa has a lady friend  sad, I miss my grandmom a lot, guess he has to move on as well....RIP GrandMoM.. Miss U So Much..
so my grandpa just showed me a dead mouse n a mouse trap eek!!!  poor ben
so my headache is gone...but now i been feeling nauseous 
So my hip has been hurting me for over a month, it's bad. I'm only 23!! I wish I had health insurance so I could get it checked out. 
so my hubby went to the store to get me coffee this morning..left...&lt;-me excited..til i realized it was coffee beans.  &lt;- NEEDS COFFEE BAD
So My HuSbaNd WiLL Be LeaviNg To CaMp PeNdLeToN In 3 HouRs FoR 3 WeeKs PooR Baby I LoVe You DaNieL &amp; MisS You Mi AmoR!! 
So my initial alarm was for 27 minutes ago. My second one is for 20 minutes from now. I don't like being awake for both. 
so my internet drops out as they announce the winner. fml. well, congrats to roxy i guess, i wanted it to be someone from the forum 
so my last tweet was me complaining about my right knee.. well I just slammed that same knee onto the concrete floor of the garage. OW!!! 
so my legs still hurt from all this work and dancing...  any ideas on how to make the pain go away?
So my lucky jade nacklace/matching earrings ain't so lucky. Lost an earring. Now the chain broke on pendant 
So my nephew has an ear infection 
So my parents are too busy making me feel like crap to realise that I've got worse and need to see a doctor again. No sleep sucks 
So my phone is cut off and it killin me gr bye Twitter till the nexted time i get my hands on something with internet 
so my poor little nephew had to go to the ER last night. he has pink eye and an ear infection and was sure he was broke. 
So my roomie left my dead fish in the tank when she said she would bury him   how depressing!
So my shoulder/back still hurt like a mother! It hurts to breath in you guys...ouchies 
So my swimsuit came but I have to return it  back to looking for one
So my teacher is not happy unless we are on excel  In the computer lab banging out another one 
so my tennis skills seem to have vanished now  but just spent a lovely hour reading in the sunny back garden
So nervous bout my party!!! 
so nervous for jon and kate's announcement tonight! 
so nervous for jv bball...  what if they reject me? quoth &quot;keep on trucking&quot; &lt;--[ haha so funny that marlissa accidentally quoted me (; ]
so nervous i think im gonna crap my pants 
So New at this whole Twitter thing  help! lol
so new manager was a no show  wonder if he will show up
So nice 2 not be workin today n tomorrow! Still layin n bed....but there's laundry in the washer I started that needs to go in the dryer. 
So nice how Natalie taught Jameson &quot;why&quot;!!! 
So nice outside! i don't feel like working! 
still wondering what tha hell zooming is.... idk... bout to catch sum zzz's and dream about r&amp;r... missen j&amp;b-lew.... 
still wondering who stole my iphone and wallet 
still workin out....but no more lost weight!   getting a little discouraged!
Still working  someones gotta make that bread.
Still working @ dad's office 
Still working and its still sunny outside 
still working hard in the office, not going as expected, well it's taking much longer than i thought 
still working on homework 
Still working on my laundry. And now I have to mark 23 maths assessments! Sunday? Not really! 
still working on that research paper 
Still working on the CSS for my layout... at the moment it's an ugly mixture of floats and absolutes 
Still working on this stupid paper....taking longer than expected 
still working up the nerve to venture into petey's room to clean it.  
Still working! Damn, I'm getting a headache 
still working, a very busy week 
still working. its 3am and i'm soooo tired  gonna watch some big bang theory episodes and drink some vanillia tea
still working.. 
Still working.... 
Still working....     ...and working and working.  
Still worrying about Steve. Still in hospital. I miss him so much. Home not the same. Things will get better...someday.   
still writing my paper. not doing so well. bad grade here I come.   *using twitter to update to feel better about not writing my paper
Still wroting the post for The MP almost there..... 
Still, doesn't see the sense of doing something 
Still, I really hope Rockstar does another Vice City themed GTA in the future...  I wanted to play GTA VC again but it feels really dated 
Still, none of this satisfies me. My true calling is in the arts, but that hardly pays the bills. 
still... no rain... 
stillathome. i blame lily for this!  i miss him, even though he's a douche bag. not a big fan of summer so far. /:
Stilll haven't slept 
Tweet....my head hurts 
tweet_genius v5 device code on 8900 - can't get tweet genius to login, always says user/pwd invalid, ubertweet and twitterberry work ok 
Tweet4Skype could be a nice impementation, but it doesn't work 
tweetdeck blacked out tweeting from the web soo lame! 
tweetdeck died on me 
Tweetdeck for iPhone discards my tweet if I exit the app before pressing send.  Tweetie handles this better.
Tweetdeck for iPhone doesn't let you tap links from the feed view, you have to go to the tweet detail screen.  Back to Twitterfon for now.
Tweetdeck for iPhone has promise but crashy, no full screen picture viewing, no nearby search, trends or google map app option is bunk. 
Tweetdeck for iPhone is kinda cool, but crashes a lot 
tweetdeck for iphone keeps crashing! 
TweetDeck for iPhone. The good: powerful UI &amp; price (FREE!). The bad: it crashes. The ugly: crashes a lot 
Tweetdeck has been glitchy lately, 
TweetDeck is being weird.  Also, my room is so full of junk I cannot walk. Moving =  (Happy tomorrow, I promise.)
Tweetdeck is losing out to Tweetie... I'm not impressed yet... 
tweetdeck isn't working for me...i can't keep up with watkins on here. 
Tweetdeck isn't working. 
tweetdeck not working 
TweetDeck on iPhone seems promising, if only it would stop crashing on me...  
TweetDeck put me in Twitter jail.  I had to come back to the web! 
tweetdeck seems to have died on me  Need to find a reliable twitter platform. Any ideas?
tweetdeck seems to not want to work...  boo!
TweetDeck v0.25.1b doesn't seem to minimize into an icon in the system tray. Argh 
Tweetdeck was insisting that even tweets without '@' in them were unable to be delivered because 'recipient not following you'.  
Tweetdeck without mobypicture  - http://mobypicture.com/?vyrz4a
Tweetdeck... Huhuhu... My trusty reliable Tweetdeck is failing me today... 
tweetdeck.com is down  I was looking forward to the new desktop app
TweetDeck: Unknown desktop manager, only Gnome and KDE are supported 
tweetdeck's being bitchy to me 
Tweete going beserk again. Why? WHY?  Back in a bit. More jamming to ensue... ;-)
Tweeter Fail! @ my first Josh Groban tweet. I misspelled his name. 
Stilll lampin tho LoL wit da homies in da east dis my last day of fun  hw 2morrow &amp; school nd work alllll next week 
StiLLL WAitliNG FoR MOM 2 CuM oUttA SURGERY 
stillll exhausted 
stillll in the PICU  bt my lil man is doin A LOT better !!!!
Stillll sick  thanks bubba
stilllll cleaning blue cruisers out of my car 
stilllll raining 
stillllll editing 
StillvSHOCKED about David Carradine 
Stinkers is in LOTS of pain... got fixed on friday    http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/6456054
Stinkin' Rushkies score  1-1
stinking thunderstorm!  blew in really fast too....now I get to miss both my shows cause of lightning....NOT HAPPY  
stinky men are sitting beside me in the jeep  this sucks so bad...
stir fry was a disappointment 
Stockholm was breathtaking.  The Vasa museum was worth the trip alone.  Perfect weather today, don't want to leave here.  
Stockton summers give me headaches and bouts of depression  italia on Wednesday!
stoked for the nothing personal presale on glamour kills. i think i need more money though 
stoked will.i.ams security guard got charged for hitting Perez. Poooor perez  those fukin wankers
Stole a fajita for breakfast.. A is in turkey, it would have gone off.. Is my justification. I have no foods for breakfasting 
Stole and chewed up another item from mommies desk.  I don't think she is too happy .... But I had fun w/it until she took it away 
Stolen car.  Omg.  sorry rob and nicki
Stomach ache and watching Vegas vacation... 
stomach ache at work &gt;_&lt; help meee  http://myloc.me/2kJy
stomach ache suck. 
Stomach ache today, stupid dodgy tum 
stomach ache!! 
stomach ache!! aaaarrrgggggghhh....i think it's cramp!SHIT!! 
Stomach ache, also.  Geez, what's wrong with me?!  
stomach ache..... 
stomach ain't feeling so great right now 
tweetfakes keeps losing followers. 
Tweetie doesn't type in landscape 
Tweetie for iPhone keeps crashing out whenever I attach an image. Tried reinstalling too 
Tweetie for Mac seems slow on updating posts, I feel people are tweeting faster than this is updating (nothing in 10 minutes+), API limit 
Tweetie for the Mac needs to update faster, or have a preference setting to do so. Sometimes, I'm not even sure if its gone deaf 
Tweetie has no growl support  I thought that is a given on Mac applications these days?
Tweetie iPhone app has Twitter Trending - desktop doesn't seem to.  
Tweetie is the most beautiful twitter app, but functional? Not really  No faves, no growl, small compose, no customizing, ... #tweetie
Tweetie isn't working well.. it doesn't tell  me when there are new tweets 
Tweetie keeps crashing when I try to add a picture 
Tweetie on my Mac is asking me to sign in &amp; is not recognising my Twitter credentials... 
Tweetie won't open on my mac 
Tweetie---you kinda suck!! I paid $3 for you dammit. Could've gotten myself a red bull with that money. Or a ball to play with outside. 
Tweetiful people, I am sick. 
Tweetimg shall shortly b over..almost there  wounder if I'll get lunch 2day...and what time will I be able to leave? :s o maaaaannnnnnnnnn
tweeting from ally court for the last time.... its a sad sad moment 
Tweeting from church! Dave's last day - 
Tweeting from my &quot;back-to-life&quot; iMac G5, with some drawbacks, caps lock and tab keys not working 
tweeting from my 2009 Camaro (rental  - and waiting for it to Transform... I feel wicked macho
stomach cramps; sat in bed with a hot water bottle having some hot milk &amp; toast, i feel like a wi girl again :') minus the stomach cramps 
Stomach feels a little off right now. Gonna go get a snack or something. I know what I want, but it isn't in the house 
stomach full of alcohol 
stomach growling. would give anything to be able to open mouth wide and chomp down on a burger, or pizza, or even rice! 
Stomach hurts  About to go on any second now...Vermont is live!
stomach hurts  ow.
stomach hurts a little. my poor cat  she can't go out in the streets cause it's raining 
stomach hurts again  PrinceCharming
stomach hurts and nothing will mellow it out. I tried feeding it. eating grapefruit. drinking ginger tea and sparkling water. 
Stomach hurts like a bitch! chem regents tomorrow 
stomach hurts rly bad. staying home sick 
stomach hurts super badly.i want to crawl in to a ball but instead i have to work 
stomach hurts, i can't even sit properly 
stomach hurts.  i hate exclamation points 
Stomach is churning from all the obscene greed. If you buy a Lotto ticket, I will be a little disappointed in you.   
stomach is grumbling. haven't got my chicken ass burger fix 
stomach is queezy..tried to get but i HAD to lay back down. ooo this isnt fun 
Stomach is sore 
Stomach turning - BP up - epidural starting in 1 min. - IV in. AcK! Needle going into spine.  Send LIGHT, healing, peace please. Gratze!i
stomachache is killing mee awrgh i got my period n it's sooo hurt 
stomach-ache isn't nice 
stomach's been acting up 
Stomach's doing that weird thing again. And I feel like I'ma pass out... I need to know what's wrong with me. 
stomped all over a beach with his big dinosaur feet. Poor crabs 
Stood @ Bolton bus station n just been mistaken for a coach driver by a posse of old dears 
stood on my curlers and burnt myself  then burnt my hand when i picked them up..
Stood up on a Saturday again 
stood up twice by the same person in less than two weeks. i'm sad. thought i was at least a little important. guess not 
Stooooopid third kitty in the house got sick too!  Guess I'm being clean-up-nurse again...
stooopppiddd Abbey National!! i need to get dosh out and its blooming shut! 
stoopid capped internet, so slow 
stop asking me  i'm only going to mess things up.
Stop avoiding me on weekends its been fucking 2 years now. Is it me or you? Fuck you beautiful friend! 
Stop coughing 
Tweeting from my new home... I now live in @kelliesimpson's old room... So not woot for me 
tweeting from my phone for the first time: having silent inner tantrum - I don't wanna go! 
Tweeting from this phone is no fun. 
Tweeting from under the covers! There's seriously a ghost in my room!  if anyone laughs at this I effing hate you.
Tweeting in class. Getting bored of revision. But my knowledge is still very shallow. 
tweeting isn't so fun 
tweeting using globe 3g. zero dsl connection here. still like twitteriffic more than twitterfon.  limited tweets shown here.
Tweeting with the birds cos in my befuddled state left the house an hour before I needed to. Hate that. Being rained on now too 
tweetless 
Tweets aren't coming to my phone today, either. 
Tweets have been so revision centred of late  that shall all change at 4pm on the 2nd June whoop whoop
Tweets help i cant sleep.  malem ini campaknya bikin gateeeel2 bgttt the worst deh. Gatel in every parts of my body ! Imagine that !!
tweevning is another twitter word XD damn, can't use it right now 
stop frowning at me blobfish! 
stop making those stupid mission impossible movies already too......
stop raining on my vacation parade. 
Stop raining or the creek will flood and I will be stranded 
stop saying lyrics about someone that isn't me  It hurts 
Stop shopping: http://www.revbilly.com/ you see?! so senile i'm forgetting to add the links 
Stop swine flu spam..thre was a little girl tht died less thn 45 min away frm hre..n people I know knew her. Stop the spam about it plz. 
Stop telling me to get tweeteradder 
Stop that ugly noises! Plz! 
STOP WITH THE DRILLING!!!!!!! Next door are drilling and it's sooooo loud 
Stop! no more AntiMiley 
STOP. Hammertime! Literally -- upstairs. 
stoped textin gary since i found out he had a fiancee en a kid... ^o)  shit one fer me hi. the cunt didn tell me tho :| eugh.
Stopped 4 the night in Ohio, not gonna make it 2 Dover race on time 
Stopped at the McDonalds Eastland for lunch then back on the road for another 3 hours 
stopped at the store to pick up some items and debit card is missing 
Stopped by @nextcoffee for their delicious turkey wrap but they're all out of turkey  off to Subway...
Stopped by a train. It's 92 degrees outside, and my AC just cut out. HOT....... 
Stopped by Madre's house to print some stuff...she doesn't have snacks 
Stopped for a bite to eat just inside county Durham on a dodgy motorway layby. Don't feel safe  http://twitpic.com/7w5zw
stopped for coffee at Maryland rest area; so did at least five entire middle schools; just my luck 
Stopped for Starbucks espresso trufffle on way home, spilled drops strategically down front of white blouse before I even got home. 
Stopped on the way home to get breakfast. I'm reaaly bummed out. I thought that today was going to be the day 
Stopped reading Club Dead to get some work done. I don't wannnnaa. 
stopped smoking today i wonder how long it will take before i take it out on some one 
twelve years later, it still hurts. 
Twenty20 cricket, beer and sunshine very good. Well apart from the beer cause i'm on tablets! 
Twenty-one down....one to go....but as usual ...have left the hardest to last! ... 
Tweople, please don't unfollow me if I don't do the green overlay. I _DO_ support democracy in Iran, but this has become peer pressure. 
twhirl has problems with its unfollow function  .. tweetdeck keeps crashing on my laptop, dont like destroytwitter.. anythin else outher?
twibble's gone all funny, I so want an iPhone 
twice just now I felt like puking 
Twidroid let me down  back to good old twitteride..
twighlight? kinda. and semi weird talks. ohhhh florida.. we are leaving you tomorrow. 
Twilight didn't come yesterday  fingers crossed for today
Twilight is such a POS movie.. my mouth hurts.. my best friend fell asleep. 
Twilight Nation, Libsyn fails at life. they are updating billing regulations and space, so the episode will not be up till late 2night 
twilight sucks well im off to bed...sadly i dont feel any excitment 4 2mrrw 
twilight trailer is OMG! btw... can't wait any longer 
Twilights gonna win everything 
twirl wont give me my direct messages damnit 
Twisted ankle , and massive leg cramp at 6 am this morning had me thrashing around the bed. 
twisted her ankle last night 
twisted his shoulder again while playing cricket.. 
Twisted knee at 3am, spent all night in absolute agony. So much for the 10k tunnel run 
twisted my back something weird  Can barely walk and can't sit down booooo :*(
twisted my freak'n ankle n dnt know how, damnit. ish hurts helllaaa bad 
Twisted my god damn neck! Now I'm moving around like a robot again. 
Twit Twit twooooooooo I think an own has just pooed on my car! Damn bloody birds so many cars and it bloody picks mine grrrrrrrr! 
Twitaaarrrrrrr goodmorning sunshine.dk why im now getting more in love with him...while i have to forget him 
Twitlites, I'm bored  What's goody?
twitpic doesn't work from my phone  and i still can't find my nintendo DS 
Twitpic doesnt work in my phone.  want an iphone
Twitpic erases my pics at it's own accord  I'm going to boycott it soon, can't keep uloading over n over. humbug
Twitpic fora do ar 
Twitpic isnt getting my messages along with the picture  guess I will just have to update them as I get in at night
Twitpic of my pathetic hire car (enclosed sit on lawnmower) when the rain stops &amp; passers by stop laughing at it 
TwitPic...why do you hate me?  
twitpocalypse broke my aggregator 
Twitt' Mornin' !!! Damn, this mornin is worst than the last... And unfortunately, i think it's gonna be a long day for me 
Twittedific has decided it doesn't want to work anymore. 
twitter -- im bored 
Twitter = amphetamines for your clock 
twitter and myspace are websensed 
Twitter and paper toss are my only friends today.  Just had camera talk. Ha!  This will be fun...not, I miss my boys. 
Twitter API dead but website working nicely.. that sorta sucks 
Twitter API is the bane of my existence. I always run out. 
twitter app for my iphone has been broken for a week.  iphone updated, no change.  
twitter ate my picture 
twitter being wierd, not saving my updates and i cant find my friends in seatch. 
twitter berry.......not working pour moi 
So nice to have a relaxing weekend. Now back to reality though 
so Nix and I can't go to Fashion Week tonight  Bummer! So here we are bidding Angge a happy Fashion Week trip haha!:-*
So no brunch  and no crab for dinner  I sure hope that mimosa happens tomorrow. Will make my own if I gotta
So no lady gogo tonight  I'm kinda sad about it ... I got dressed up and looked pretty awesome to go to the local watering hole (boring)
So no take home food. That's to bad. 
So not awake, I keep making cups of tea and forgetting about them! 
So not excited about being up this early, not being at the beach and having to go back to work. 
So not excited for Transformers 2 now. WTF all the &quot;blockbusters&quot; I was looking forward 2 suck.  Except Star Trek &amp; Up.
SO NOT FAIR! Everyone from the view gets L.A Candy by LC 
So not feelin this rain 
So not feeling well at all...this is the second time in the 10 days 
So not impressed with the new season of jon and kate plus 8. It makes me so sad 
so not in the mood for gym class. still ache from dance audition yesterday 
so not in the mood to go to school tom 
So not looking forward to flying from Brisbane via Singapur and Abu Dhabi to Munich all by myself on Monday!! 
So not looking forward to four classes for summer 
So not looking forward to having MRIs done. I can think of a million other things I'd rather do on a day off  Frustrating!
So not looking forward to hurricane season. 3 days until... 
So not looking forward to the next three days  Boo for work...
So not looking forward to this week.  Maybe I'll get more in-depth later, but probably not. 
So not looking fwd for Tued  if I receive that news about my health - it changes my whole life around. Fingers cross Ive just migraines
SO not motivated to go to work! 
So not motivated to work. Ugh. An all day conference should count for something. Too bad I actually have stuff due. 
so not one of you can recommend me a DS game? disappointing 
So not only is my finger swollen, my hips and both hands and fingers are. Yah so this thing, called arthritis really takes over my life. 
So not ready for a day of studying pharm  good thing i have some little pink friends to help meee
so not the day to wear black 
So now again im back on the road and gainesville bound...woop woop??? So sleepy 
so now everyone is sad. 
So now i am on staff duty. A 12 hour shift. Yippee... Last night i couldnt talk to Fe Fe..  I couldnt sleep well..seriously
So NOW I gotta walk back ANOTHER 10 country miles in HEELS to my car :-/ eewww i think this guy was jus pee'n in the  corner nex to me 
So now I have a hurt wrist AND I'm wicked sick 
so now I have to wait until June 13th to get my Tool tickets  why'd they have to move the sale date.
so now I know whats going on next school year  it could be better
so now I wonder where haie is, he's totally annoys me today. i miss you, really 
So now I'm blocking some spammers. I don't like to follow interesting twitters anmore  Maybe later
so now im not goin 2 download n goin 2 sonisphere instead. i may not go n see killing joke tho cuz i dont like them. sorry dude 
so now I've caught some sort of awful fluey thing, feeling less than good. 
So now not only is my laptop fecked seems pc is pretty much shagged too 
so NOW the internet speeds up  :S
So now we'll pay more in sales tax...great.  Even worse Mom and Pop businesses have to double what they pay in business licenses.  
so now we're stuck here for the night in a motel that looks like it came straight out of a horror movie #pleasesendhelp 
So now, I have conjunctivitis in my left eye. Is this a sign of something? What did I do wrong to deserve this?LOL I'm dying people! 
so now, I only have 30 rb in my wallet 
So now, I'm going to watch some tv, then bullshit a I fucking hate Harry Potter costume for the monthly meeting tonight.
so number 100 is horny hottie. 
So off to Tesco instead to be treated as an inconvenience. 
So off work about to do what I don't know I'm exhausted 
So on top of already being in a foul mood, I woke up with a huge headache (or shud I say, it woke ME up)! I want 2 call in sick to work! 
So one of my idiot family members blew out the electricity in the crib... I can't live like this... No Game For Me 
So our band broke up this week. Very depressing 
Twitter break is over but i'm again very sad ...I just hate my life ... 
twitter break later.  another reason for sadness.
Twitter broke for me again.  But I'm back...for now.
Twitter confuses me sometimes ugh 
twitter confuses me... 
twitter deck nt working on my laptop.. 
Twitter direct messages broken?  Spent a lot of time choosing the words, &amp; they didn't even save.
Twitter does not support Telstra SMS yet 
twitter doesn't amuse me one bit 
Twitter doesn't seem to want to update my new oAuth application settings 
twitter doesnt want  me to talk to michael 
twitter doesnt work on my mobile web anymore!!! 
twitter esquecido, dÃ³ 
Twitter fail 
twitter fail.  Craisins are oily. does this make sense?
TWITTER FAM IM  SOO SICK  UGHH HO WANTS TO BE SICK WHEN ITS GETTIN NICE OUTSIDE... HORRIBLE!
twitter feo no funcionabas  xd
Twitter for Facebook is not working today 
twitter fox no me va 
Twitter fucking hates me. I get maybe half the tweets people send 
Twitter giveth &amp; Twitter taketh away! My 40 NEW followers is in fact 4. They fixed my page   Not that I am not grateful. Thank U guys 2
twitter going crazy here... so won't be using it today  (except I manage to fix it - but I doubt it)
Twitter going down for 1 hour  see you all soon
Twitter got tired. 
Twitter has a new bug? I can not follow/remove/block somebody 
twitter has been reduced to 'iphone 3gs blah blah blah'...i'm just jealous, i can only samsung camera-flip blah blah blah. 
Twitter has def. dropped some of the ppl I follow. Wonder how many ppl I was dropped from. I'm also following ppl I DIDN'T follow.  
Stopped taking Propecia because it's a banned drug and now my hair is falling out.  Great.  
Stoppin in riverside for the night. My ass hurts so bad from walking up and down hills in san fran today...and then drivin all day. 
Stopping traffic with this Huge red pimple on my cheek!!  red light go away!
Storm chase &amp; streaming ops are a no-go today.  Tomorrow looks iffy.  Next week hot and dry.  The heart of the chase season appears over 
Storm clouds are back today in central Oklahoma  in Oklahoma City, OK http://loopt.us/Vhqktg.t
Storm clouds have cleard (at least temporarily) albeit the humidity remains to keep us wet in sweat!  
Storm gone  the lightening was Kewl.... But i think they said there is more coming later tonight...
Storm kept me up. Alllll night. 
storm woke me up this morning and cant get back to sleep 
Storm woke me up, i hope it wont be like this all day 
storm! you don't know how bad i feel right now. this was supposed to be our last year together but were not even classmates.  --sky.
stormin again... no walkin today... 
Storming out pretty bad. Which is highly inconvenient since my phone bill is due today and the power is out 
Storms popping along I-70, mainly west of STL. Main Threat: Heavy rain.  I need to mow 
Storms, Storms and more Storms!! My grass will be 4 ft tall before I get a chance to mow it! UGH! 
Storms. 
storms? NO! I don't like storms... 
Stormtroopers were waking up babies.  boba fett and sand people are also out and about.
Stormwind is painful 
Stormy skies on motorway just south of bristol  http://twitpic.com/6rdtk
stormy weather but busy day ahead.wish it was weekend to sleep in a bit 
Stormy weather! No motorcycle for today 
twitter has gone silent on me 
Twitter has overtaken my life  I feel so behind.
Twitter has said i have reached my maximum for searches for now. 
twitter has spam!!?? oh no 
Twitter has stolen my face 
twitter hates me again and again and again.. 
twitter hates me it wont let me have a display pic.  aww
twitter hates me. for some odd reason it won't allow me to upload a decent picture. i may bite you and broke up with you twitty! 
twitter hates me. it won't let me do anything!! 
twitter iko down!!! 
Twitter is .... somehow borring... 
Twitter is a bit quiet today  suppose everyone's still asleep :s
Twitter is a microblog therefore not a proper place to mock people around. Geez, Indonesians and tech don't belong together 
Twitter is about to have down time 
Twitter is acting funny again 
twitter is acting so stupid. makes me not want to talk anymore 
Twitter is acting up. I'm not seeing all my responses 
Twitter is acting up... 
Twitter is being a pain the butt right now 
Twitter is being absolutely horrible to me today. 
Twitter is being an ass again 
twitter is being dumb, and not letting me change my photo 
twitter is being really slow and I have Sims 3 is installed, but can not play because I am at work  #fb
twitter is being slow and messing up on me 
twitter is beng gay! it won't let me change mt pic! 
twitter is blocked by GFW. I just use it through a proxy.. 
Twitter is Boring ... there should be more options ... 
twitter is boring tonight 
Twitter is boring. 
Twitter is broke I think! I'm not getting my new followers on my Blackberry.  Anyone else having issues getting new follower notices now?
Twitter is broken, and I miss it. 
twitter is brokens for my mobile  i don't know why!
Twitter is confusing 
Twitter is confusing now. I don't get the whole #word thing or Trending Topics 
Twitter is dead again  everyone must be in bed, where I should be..
TWITTER IS DOWN TWITTER IS DOWN! getting ready/going out (wish i could tweet this) 
Twitter is down!!  noooo! It's a sign of the apocalypse :o
Twitter is frustrating me. I'm only getting updates from certain people and I have more than just their updates turned on. 
twitter is fucked it wont let me change my pic 
twitter is gay 
twitter is gay...it needs a school section to find people easier 
Twitter is getting boring. i dont know they hype is dying 
twitter is giving me such a hard time uploading my photo 
Twitter is going crazy with #e3 tweets I love social networking, but its overshadowing the awesomeness that is jolicloud and my shit isp! 
Str8 Rippin wins MLG Columbus!!! Woot woot. Too bad instinct got taken out early  GG str8
Straight back into it at work, no mucking around 
straight boys for me to look at 
Straight up missing Nicholas. 
straightener burns are horrible 
straightening my hair, and cleaning my room 
Straightening my hair. have to go to orthodontist. 
straighting my hair  skool tomz 
Stranded 
stranded at dans apartment 
Stranded at Southern Lanes. Boo busted hose. 
stranded at the Kangaroo - pumped gas and now car won't start 
Stranded at the Lab 
stranded at work 
Stranded here in Batangas port 
Stranded on my balcony.. I've locked myself out of my own home someone come help me 
Strange sound from under the hood...  http://tr.im/mKMa
Strange. When we were 2gether (ahem) Pritam+Mohit came up with 'Tum se hi'. Now we've broken up, they've got 'Yeh Dooriyaan' !! 
Strange... and probably sick. 
strangely spotted and aching in all my joints... inch long gash down my arm from broken glass. 
Strangers in the flat. Not impressed. Hiding under my bed til they leave. Is an hour or so of sleep too much to ask for? 
Strangers scare me. 
Strap broke on my skates. Looks like I'll need new ones after like, 6 years. Bye bye, skates 
twitter is hard to use  ...... i think lol
Twitter is interesting, but I wish my friends had it 
Twitter is just no doing it for me any more sorry to  all my twiggas  
Twitter is just such a less exciting place since I can't see other's @replies.  It was such a great way to be .. http://twurl.nl/8jsqo7
twitter is killing me due to its buggy API :S **no &quot;in reply to&quot;** from no-web-clients 
Twitter is kinda silly with the way that people can DM you but you can't DM them back. 
twitter is like dead 2nite perhaps im the only one not going out  oh well, im sat on the sofa with a nice can of larger. ahhhhhhh
twitter is like my new xanga... but fast and easy? and cuter?! I miss my cat 
twitter is no fun 
Twitter is no more safe for children ..especially when such account names @madarchod are appearing on timeline.. Some plz report abuse 
Twitter is not letting me change my profile pic and I'm mad 
Twitter is not letting me upload a new photo...  Boo.  
Twitter is not letting me upload my photo. 
Twitter is not sending any tweets to my phone.  wtf.  
Twitter is not sending me my twitter text right Ahh and then I don't even get them all  WTF! Twitter needs an upgrade &amp; its not my iberry 
Twitter is now going to be on xbox live ... 
Twitter is OUT!! I cant change mi profile colors 
twitter is pissing me off completly!! apparently my phone no longer works for tweets. 
Twitter is pissing me off. Maintenance is 'posed to make things BETTER! Not eff it all up! GRRR. 
Twitter is really quiet tonight 
Twitter is so boring  why am I here again??
twitter is so boring today 
twitter is so boring. 
Twitter is so much funner with TweetDeck...i almost gave up on this site and now it has me missing meals 
Twitter is so quiet lately 
Twitter is so quiet. 
Twitter is so soooo slow 
Twitter is solo slow 
twitter is soo... messyy 
Twitter is sooo quiet today 
Twitter is srtaight trippin! 
Twitter is starting to depress me now. People aren't replying back to me like they usually do. 
TWITTER IS STILL FUCKING DEAD! 
twitter is still not working on my phone  what will entertain me at work? jasooon fix it pleassssse
Twitter is teasing me with non-existent direct messages 
twitter is the only website I can get open 
twitter is very slow tonight. 
So out of it, had to check the washer to make sure I put detergent in it. Feelin' blue sucks! 
So over fighting with friends  I thought 18 meant you were an adult? As in, more mature.
so over this day 
So over tutoring. 
so pissed i couldnt get tickets to coldplay. their playing tonight too 
So pissed I missed the Peggle sale on iTunes a few days ago. Went down to $.99 now it's back up to $4.99. 
So pissed off at Walmart... Cutting my hours again. 
So pissed off I can't go to movie nite tomrrow  Misses her babes
So pissed off right now. Almost seconds frm getting a world recordin mirrors edge and the game froze!!!! Ugh 
so pissed off! got a hyge bill for my Internet   3! you are slow and expensive...
So pissed off. I've been working my ass off this past week and had a lot of pressure &amp; stress 2day now I find bad feedback on CASPAR 
So pissed! Didnt get to sleep till 4 then mom woke me up at 8:50 to get in bed with my niece when she could've jus taken her with her.. 
So pissed!!!  I deleated a special DM by accident    now it's gone forever...
So pissed: Muse is finally touring in the US, but opening for U2. 
So pretty out.. We decide to head home and skip knott's for next year. The rides are too big for me 
so pretty outside too bad i gatta stay home 
So proud everyone's retweeting my typo.  (changed)
so proud of my cardnials ima miss the kids soccer officially over 
So proud of my military hubby, but it still sucks when he has to leave for training... 
So pruney... My Hands.... 
So psyched for E3 tomorrow. Its gonna be epic.  Wish I could be there 
strawberry festival tomorrow!!...no strawberry daiquiris there though  finally feeling bettaaa
Street parking on Fairfax + walking... @waffleslove . Michael kohn too far to walk 
street soccer canceled, nothing to do todaay 
Streetcar is all good until the person before u doesn't return on time...having to put motherinlaw on train 2 airport rather than drive. 
strep throat sucks. 
Stress = bad /migraine 
STRESS ENLISTMENT; @JerrikaTsai TSAI, I changed my PE na! Hindi na ako siraulo early sobra na sched! 9AM FENCING HAHA Ubos na ballroom eh 
stress headache 
stress hives 
stress induced stress. who knew? 
Stress is shadowing my excitement :/ 
Stress level is at a code orange, bordering on red... I have the skin of a 12 year old boy to prove it  #stillsmokefree
stress mornign at work, somone broke the internets by typing google into google 
stress of weight 
stress this morning. Nothing like an early morning issue to start the day... 
Stress will be the DEATH of me!!! 
Stress!To much homework!! I`m crazy!! 
stress.....gotta love it. 
Stressed  sometimes it feels like i am drowing maybe suffacate without being in water
stressed about history and frech test tommorrow 
stressed about moneyyyy 
Stressed and not feeling well 
stressed bout maths exam 
stressed for one reason in particular, and can't do anything about it 
Stressed out 
Stressed out  Gonna play some sims 3 then maybe watch tv
Stressed out fro work and having a drink 
Stressed out the game my range rover  lookin bad right now!!   I need a vacation biig time I thiink miami..... New york!!!! Harlem maybe
Stressed out!!! 
stressed over a app 4 a unit this morning wen to town gave quick call to find it had gone already I only saw it yesterday 
Stressed over the process of house buying 
Stressed! Bills crap. Hate this. 
Stressed! Busy afternoon... and on a friday too 
stressed, nervous, worried and i want to cry. 
twitter is wack yo. but im bound by boredom. 
Twitter is weird today 
twitter is weird..i cant find my friends 
-Twitter is winning my heart while Facebook is getting slower and slower.  
Twitter isn't allowed to be down ! 
twitter isn't letting me upload a picture!!! grrrrrr!!!!! 
twitter isnt workin properly   not fun when ur stuck on the couch!
Twitter isnt working for my phone... crap 
Twitter isn't working on my phone. 
Twitter just fucked up my Backround! Screw you Twitter  I thought we were friends..
twitter just makes me wish i was with the people i am stalking  it's a very disconnected connection that it provides. yay technology! :p
Twitter keeps deleting my updatesss  And yes, LMAO is a great word Christine. LMFAO
Twitter keeps pulling me in...n draining my phone's battery! I guess that means put it down 
twitter makes it easy for assassins to track their targets 
Twitter makes me angry 
twitter makes me sad 
twitter marathon with myself :| im nto tired  IM SORRY EVERYONE
Twitter me this batman... Muuhahhaha, the time has come to leave the beautiful seattle. Sigh 
twitter membosankan 
twitter mobile fails  just sent txt and not come through lol
twitter needs to step up its maintenance game...it always wants to shut down 
Twitter on fring is ugly 
Twitter on my computer doesn't look right 
Twitter on my phone is getting annoying Ahah. At summerschool 
twitter on the crackberry still a no-go 
Twitter put me on timeout last night for tweeting too much  So I have to try to pace myself today.
Twitter rape 
Twitter right now=Mean to me 
twitter rocked, until it toke my twitpic and didn't let me put another picture from 8 pictures that i tried 
Twitter says I've &quot;exceeded the rate limit&quot; and that I can't receive any new tweets for an hour 
twitter scares me. 
Twitter search acting weridly today 
Twitter search dead. 
so pumped for the next 2 days. i need them so badly. fuck 60+ hrs at work in under a week. gahhh  fml.
so PUMPED for VEGAS!!! @ClaireVatterott I wish you could come  LOOOOOVE YOU!
so pxxxxsed of with a certain some1  i hate this life right now but !! dont know what to do.... ((((((((
so quiet and cold.   wish i was at the bellfur meet
so rainy outside and i just really cant help but wish the heartbreaking &quot;ho&quot; was mine 
So ready for the weekend!! Even though I've gotta work 1/2 day tomorrow 
So ready for the weekend!!! I miss my Boston Celtic boys!!! 
so ready to be off of work already 
So ready to go home. Flight delayed out of Ithaca due to fog. Will likely miss my connecting flight.   Just want to go home!
SO ready to retire. And my mommy isn't liking the Bell Jar  sad.
So reluctant to go to school  i just want to hurl my alarm clock at my wall and bury myself with blankets in my nice comfy bed and SLEEP
so restless. i just wanna sleep! 
So right now I am watching the strangers.  save me
so ronery and sadry arone 
So rough  work til haf 4 :o thanks fr last nyt people :d had a great time x
So running late thanks to an accident 
so saad right now tommorrow is never promised RIP TIM you will be missed and those several attempts you made to kiss me in the mouth damn 
So sad   RIP Ed McMahon! Iconic 'Tonight Show' sidekick passed away at age 86  May you be cashing million dollar checks in heaven!
so sad  funerals are no fun
so sad  I'll never be the same 
So sad - tonight is the season finale of Gossip Girl and One Tree Hill   Gonna miss CMM and HB.
So sad , I woke up today thinking it was Friday  Boo for Thursday !
So sad .... All alone !!! Can't do anything cause I'm on call .... So sad 
So sad about Air France tragedy - I hope they find the black boxes very soon - a light has gone out of the hearts of many 
So sad about David Carradine. 
So sad about French plane lost in ocean storm  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8076848.stm #AirFrance #FlightAccicent
so sad about leaving VA 
so sad about Nole  Nut those Nadal impersonations at the ceremony were just amazing. Nole rules
So sad about the Air France flight! How awful when I heard it at a friend's house 
so sad about the Air France flight...seems like something out of a movie   Horrible.
stressed.. 
STRESSED.. I really don't like the feeling when I'm in school.. Still on the first week, but there are already lots of work to do! 
stressed....... i cant believe shes already a week old....  
stressed...I'm so tired today..cannot get anything done tonight 
stressful , exam is coming !! oh noooo !! 
Stressful day... Johns leaving for bamboozle tomorrow and I work a DBL... Ugh. 
stressfull day, tired of it takin 3 hrs to get to work and 3 hrs home damn these buses, need my car back 
stressing about exam, cant wait till its over. chemistry shouldnt be legal 
Stressing about exams again ...need at least a b in english to do english and media next year ..n I have my 2nd english paper 2moz 
stressing about my recital...ugh, i dont think i can do it! 
stressing about tmr..its almost over but imma def miss my partners 
STRESSING OUT  Always picking up other peoples' slack. Ugh.
stressing out about elco reg 
stressing out and starting summer class already.. goodbye summer.. 
stressing out and worrying WAYYYY too much 
Stressing out at work!  
Stressing out majorly about the tests I had to take for the job.  Shit.
stressing out!!!!  why is there always too little time but too much material to study?? 
Stressingout the leaving cert exams on wednesday 
Stresssssssssss...I cannot get settled and calmed  down tonight. Too much going on. Cannot find my happy place. 
Stretched my ear to a 8mm its really sore 
Stretching my ears then getting ready for work. No time for a nap. 
strictlylawless: my background doesnï¿½t work 
Strike one.    (Three and I'm out.)
Strikes me that rabbits might be easier to raise, but you don't get eggs from them  #twitter4vg
String cheese gave me the shits 
stripper pole comp. &amp; Onch is wearing a baby in his hair ! &amp;&amp; Steven is crying 
so sad about the kitty. 
so sad about the plane that went down in the atlantic  Hope they find it  and hope people are okay
so sad about this  - http://bnup2.com/p/585452
So sad and pathetic day 
So sad bc she just finished &quot;fade&quot;   
So sad because I just realized that I've only had my Palm Centro for a little over a yr which means no Palm Pre until next year. 
so sad because I waited to loong to buy my Hillsong United tickets... SOLD OUT! 
So sad Chuckie doesn't love me anymore  
so sad couldnt c ashley tonight  hav to go c seqoia
so sad coz can't join my frenz picnic.. 
so sad cuz francesca used me...and lied 2 her bf 2 make him hate me 
So sad Figlios in Uptown is closing....such a fun place for happy hour. 
So sad for @aejn... She dropped her phone and busted her LCD. 
so sad for @taylor_juwig  he does not deserve 10 months of jail
so sad for Jon &amp; Kate....i feel so bad for those kids 
So sad for Nadal!   Hoping Federer brings it...
So sad for the 30+ whales that were unable to get off the beach and thus put down in South Africa 
So sad for the Air France 447 flight...  I wish they would find out what happened... and find all of those people
So Sad Had a wonderful night until i lost my phone 
So sad hollister is closed 
so sad I can't book the 400$ roundtrip flight to tokyo! 
so sad i can't watch the season 2 of True blood tonight..  http://bit.ly/nMei7
So sad I couldn't get into the Incubus show last night  Looking forward to July 13th tho! Incubus is the best live music I've ever heard!
so sad I didn't know Weird Al was at Coachella yesterday until now 
so sad i have a failor! 
so sad i let the girlies early for no apparent reason 
so sad i missed andy samberg's hosting 
So sad I missed avatar week 
so sad I missed bgt final! 
So Sad I won't be seeing NIN and Jane's Addiction tonight 
So sad I'm leaving 
so sad I'm not seeing 311 tonight    Have a great show guys!
So sad Kate didn't win the apprentice  but I saw my wee ben with his trouser braces and I bet @bethanodonnell was happy to see phillip ;)
So sad left my headphones in my room so i can't listen to my music  y me
so sad max and ashlee got off  jonathan and auska better be next to get off!!!!
So sad not having a laptop 
so sad prince is missing 
So sad Safin lost the third set due to a bad call. Threw off the rest of his game. It's too early for him to leave Wimbledon. 
so sad shelley went home 
So sad that Aki is out for the rest of the season! 
So sad that everyone but family...well even my daughter has backed out of tonight!  
SO Sad that happn_in_cinci is not following me today  But think they should since my visionary skills would help them see the future!
So sad that I don't have tickets to the New Kids concert tomorrow... 
SO SAD that I wasn't able to buy the Audrey Kawasaki print &quot;My Dishonest Heart&quot; this morning 
Strongly fighting the urge to buy the new Palm Pre. Trying to budget. 
Strugging with chopping videos shot yesterday 
Struggled going to bed at decent time every night this week so far...  it's my new computer's fault.
Struggled in school today due to pink eye  I still have to go tomorrow though or I get a zero for my exams even if I am this sick... 
Struggled w/ MailChimp so sent out gallery newsletter using Constant Contact. Please check your spam folders if you don't get it soon 
struggles on my own 
struggling for leaving SC or not.........  really annoying!!
Struggling hard with Inventory 
Struggling regarding the fact that dance is 5 days away!!  On the other side, Vacation!!!!
Struggling through a load of paperwork - think I'm coming down with the flu 
Struggling to get out the bed...looks like I missed service today 
struggling to get over my cold 
Struggling to get up this morning. Seems the wind and rain is getting worse. I feel for the people who don't have shelter 
struggling to kick start my brain after 12 hours in bed that felt like 12 minutes 
struggling to make sense of it all. 
struggling to sleep already and not looking forward to the morning cuz hayfever seems to hit ya bad then  pop the benadryl
struggling with &quot;the decision&quot; with my cat, &quot;Boy&quot;... not a good day at the Rodina's--- on my 2nd make-up app this morning 
Struggling with a Linksys SPA3102 connecting the PSTN to my Asterisk PBX.  Outbound seems fine, Analogue Extension is fine, Inbounds not 
Struggling with internet speed in Mont Kiara... 
Struggling with last weeks homework. Also, hating this feeling... 
Struggling with motivation to do kettlebell exercise - feel defeated by it at the moment 
struggling with relational algebra expressions 
Struggling with the depression a bit today. Can't let go of lots of negative things in my life right now 
Struggling....all day 
Struglin to get out the baseball games parking lot 
Strugling with OSx86 10.5.6. Legendary error &quot;Still waiting for root device&quot; 
So sad that I'll be working on this insanely gorgeous day. 
So sad that Justine left masterchef tonight 
So sad that London left Daisy of Love!!!! He was so nice to look at 
so sad that no friends everyday for a long ass time 
So sad that the Law and Order: SVU marathon is over.   It was sooo good!
So sad that tonight is the last night of Jay Leno hosting the Tonight Show 
So sad the sun has run away 
So sad the Week of Exotic Handbag Giveaways is over  Lots of love to @PurseBlog and @Luxaholics! Looking forward to more collaborations!XO
so sad this amazing weekend is over.  hoping August comes very quickly!
so sad to go  back back to philly philly in the am...until next time dnc crew... edi teddy... and such!
So sad to hear about Gary Papa 
So sad to hear ed mcmahon has passed away. He will be truly missed. 
So sad to learn that Ed McMahon passed away!! RIP 
So sad to leave my dread muffin!!!   I hate it when the TIME is so GOOD, but the TIMING is so BAD...I want both together damn it! Lol
so sad to leave Squam. Just had to say goodbye to @betzwhite ...   so sad to see everyone go!
So sad to read about Ed McMahon   I hope he and Johnny have a show in heaven~ RIP
so sad to see craig and kristen go... 
So sad to see everyone leaving  Empty flat now, scary times!!!
so sad to see maks go  poor kayla &lt;3 but Kayla and Pono make my life
so sad to see twitterville unactive   well, i guess i betta go to bed then *sigh* nighty night peeps~
so sad TODAY was supposed to be the BEST DAY OF MY LIFE! cof cof... Jonas Brothers concert  i just cant get over it!
so sad tragedy of Mike Tyson's daughter 
so sad we leave tomorrow, our last full day at the beach. 
so sad we lost 35-0 this morning in rugby! 
so sad you cant watch a live stream of MOVIE AWARDS 
So sad you didn't day Hello to me  @Jonasbrothers
So sad! the end of Jay Leno hosting the tonight show, such a sap, I cried! 
So sad!!! I scratched the screne on my vu! 
SO SAD&gt;NEW KIDS ON THE DVD&gt;&gt;J TWEETS&gt;&gt;&gt;SADNESS-sorry,just sad it's gonna be no NK over here 
so sad, cant see hey monday and stereo skyline tonight, 
so sad, had to give away my killers ticket, had to give away my wireless ticket... all events on when i go back home 
so sad, my friend is a repeater this year  why? 
So sad, the internet that I'm using is so slow that I can't watch cobra cam!!  
So sad, the news about David Carradine! 
So sad.  want to cry.
So sad. BSpears tickets start at $125. Def not in the price range 
So sad. I don't see @BobbyLongNews coming to DC anymore. Where'd that date go?  How did I miss this? *feels stupid*
So sad. I found a baby bunny and its mommy left him. Poor little guy won't make it without his mommy probably only a week old. 
twitter search is worse than being permanently cached in google search 
Twitter seems broken. 
twitter seems mostly designed for spam now 
Twitter seems so very quiet today.  I feel lonely without all the constant pop-ups 
Twitter shootout with @ merrysuperstar. I lost 
twitter should allow us to have more than 140 characters to write. 
Twitter SMS is erratic. 
Twitter sous fring, cest le twitter du pauvre. 
Twitter Still hasn't fixed the bugs, still haves to wait. 
twitter still won't let me upload a pic 
twitter sucks ... i can't follow my new friends  @peterfacinelli  see we got the same problem with new technology ;-))
Twitter sucks at this time in the morning. Feels like Im talking to myself. Well technically I guess I am. 
twitter sucks..... im goin to bed 
twitter super baleiando 
twitter text isn't sending my updates 
twitter took down #gokeyisadouche  W/E, it was beautiful while it lasted, bbs. 
twitter u r sooooooooooooo boring even my inland card letter box fills up faster than u 
Twitter update! My poor kitty broke is back.   Vets giving him two weeks.
Twitter updates going off I HAVE to study  Talk to you hoes tomorrow
Twitter via web misbehaving.  Can't seem to update from safari or firefox.     #fail
twitter was down and out for me now everyone's in bed 
Twitter was down when I went to bed last night.   But now it back and so am I!
twitter was void of @yenaffit today 
twitter will be taking a break soon  see you on the other side
twitter will never work on my phone  darn
Twitter woke me up 
Twitter wont allow me to change my pic 
Twitter won't approve TwitterFUn anymore  any one have any idea for another name?
twitter wont display my pictures 
twitter won't lemme delete my tweet  hate when I accidently type something wrong and it has to stay there. sucks.
Twitter won't let me chang my picture. 
twitter wont let me change my background picture 
twitter wont let me change my pic 
Twitter won't let me follow anymore ppl 
Stuart pretty much packed now, just eating his last english meal 
Stubbed my little toe this morning on my file cabinet ... and it's turning black 
Stubbed my toe on my bed this morning, it still hurts 
Stuck @ home missing out on another beautiful day 
Stuck @the office 
stuck at #bluescreen while installing #leopard 10.5.7 update 
stuck at 8avenue wit @ovidiawang @nickchhan  raining cos we walked there...helpppp
Stuck at a kid's bday paty  no hot guys (
Stuck at home because of more rain...watching s2 of sea patrol and they just blew up the hilux 
Stuck at home for another day .... Damn this sickness! 
Stuck at home waiting for the washing machine repair guy...1-5 is the best window they can give me 
stuck at home with a very sick &amp; very &quot;zielig&quot; daughter 
Stuck at home with my thesis on a Saturday nite 
stuck at home with nothing to do! 
stuck at md forr an hourr with peoplee whoo aarent too fond of mee. too bad thee boys dont have practicee.  oh well...
stuck at tea with the famz boring much 
Stuck at tgi Fridays cause the waitress forgot about us. 
stuck at the airport in jax because of troubles with a flight before us....and that affects our flights 
Stuck at Togias house cause Aaron can't find his keys 
stuck at TPM, no taxi 
stuck at work on a nice day  gonna sneak out later ;p
stuck at work on a saturday night, boohoo!! 
Stuck at work on an absolutely gorgeous Saturday. This is so unfair 
Stuck at work on such a lovely day... 
stuck at work till 11 but i have a stomach ache!!!   
stuck at work till 615am  
Stuck at work while everyone else got to go home. 
Stuck at work with an annoying client calling every few minutes. not fun at all 
stuck at work! Not fair 
Stuck at work! Stuck at work! I'm hungry. 
Stuck at work. Want to be home with the kids.  Stupid paycheck.
Stuck behind a big nasty wreck for 30 min. so far &amp; all I want to do is get home to bed 
Stuck behind a smelly ford transit!  sad times.
Stuck home on a Friday night. 
stuck home with a cold, it sucks 
stuck in a class for 3 hrs and no teacher... no movie just work 
Stuck in a mental coding block. The effects of working on too many things at once. 
Stuck in a postoffice queue, 15 people in front of me, two serving, average serve time of 3 mins. Equals 22.5 minute wait 
Stuck in a queue waiting 4 the kids to finish in the bathroom ... As usual. Back to work today. Enough said 
So sad. I know how it is 
so sad. I want to go to school tomorrow and see all my friends. 
So sad. My parents' 14-year old cat Maisy is not doing well 
so sad. went shopping alone today. no one is available. no one reply me. yo yo yee pangseh me. 
so sad...   tough game, went into PK's, screw you.
So sad...  We cannot go to malls because of the A(H1N1) Virus.
So sad... House of Chen is closed 
so sad... me 2 guy friends got suspened for the last 2 weeks of school!  I will miss u guys! But maybe I will c them over summer!
so sad... mom left for Guam again just now.  
So sad... they left me home alone again today  
So sad... this is my first year since i started going that i am missing NXNE   http://nxne.com/
So sad.......just saw one of the Disney cruise ship  off to the parks instead http://yfrog.com/03p8oj
so sad...i think it's cuz of the rain but who knows 
So sad: 7 show dogs are dead, including one of the top Akitas in USA, after being left in hot van by their handler http://tr.im/pJj5  #dog
So sadly n got shocked see my baby little sis got violence from her BF..! 
So safari aggressively caches DNS. Its caching the local ip for one of our dev servers 
So said today... Cheer me up twitters  And I fade now...
so scared!!!! I'm making my frist sales calls 
so scared, I might throw up.  this whole asking out someone is terrifying.
So scary/exciting! He got away though 
so she got pregnant and got rid of it i feel so sorry for the original lady who was meant for it, and it was her last shot too 
So she wees on the carpet. She hates me. Bitin' me all the time.. 
so she's calling, should I pick up or leave it? I'm pretty much tired 
so she's having surgery and chris is really upset   will keep you updated though and talk to you next week..love you xx
So sick   Raw throat. Can't breathe. Curse you, germy people on airplanes.
so sick  but feeln a lil betta my niggamalika just brought me some chicken noodle soup nd it was ghud!!! hahaha
so sick  having sore throat,colds and cough ---- lots of antibiotics to take 
so sick  never underestimate sinsusitis nothing makes u feel more miserable
so sick  watching bridget jones diary 2 - i love chubby renee!!! she's so pretty on this movie
So sick it's ridiculous. Got little to no sleep last night. Need Sudafed. 
So sick last week, Mother's Day snuck up on me. No gift for my mama.  What to do?
so sick of (fill in the blank).. on the verge of throwin it all up 
so sick of all this! i just want things to go back to how they were 
so sick of buying things!!!!! can dun buy? 
So sick of editing my Myspace 
So sick of thinking about the past and letting it effect the prsent. Why did that all have to happen? 
Stuck in a rut and lacking creative direction 
Stuck in a situation and doesn't know how to get out  I guess I was meant to grow up this way.
stuck in a trafficjam 
stuck in a workshop n a strict boss - no time to twit 
Stuck in ALDO for the next 6+ hours..with a dying phone  how did I get myself into this position!
stuck in anniston, mississippi. because we got in a car accident :\ now im scared to drive  boy drivers ed should be fun this summer D:
stuck in Ashington... please someone save me 
Stuck in awful traffic in the way to the wedding. Ceremony is supposed to start now. Ughhh. 
stuck in bed  and the weather is soo nice outside!
Stuck in bed with a migraine ! Gr8 way 2 spend Saturday hey! NOT!! Please go away  
Stuck in college  @Chipmunkartist; What exam you doin? Hope it goes well x
Stuck in concert traffic 
Stuck in crazy mad traffic. It should not take 30min to get from Mulholland to the 10fwy on the 405S...bit we still aint there yet  GRRRR
stuck in cubicle nation....i want to be free 
Stuck in DC and can't get home right now. Might need a DC place to stay if BOS weather cancels me.   #workworks
Stuck in first gear 
stuck in global again...with an internet connection that crashes like every 10 minutes. grrr. 
Stuck in gym with eleveners 
Stuck in hospital until at least monday. 
Stuck in Houston airport for more than 12hrs ... 
Stuck in houston st 
Stuck in in Panama City!  Brother in law's truck won't start  http://myloc.me/2cYa
Stuck in late night traffic on 401 
stuck in LOTS of traffic on the 405 
Stuck in Munich after the airplane had technical difficulties 
Stuck in my cube working 
stuck in my head! grrr!..  &gt;&gt; you keep me hanging on and we're not moving on, we're standing still, jenny .....
Stuck in peak traffic on way to airport.  so late! &quot;I couldn't eat anymore but I am so sad that it's over&quot;-PKD  http://twitpic.com/7g70s
Stuck in Phoenix, Arizona until the gods of flight deem me worthy enough to leave this place. I don't even think there's free internet 
stuck in ridic traffic, today is so nice 
Stuck in San Jose until who knows when because my clutch went out. At least I wasn't on Highway 17 when it went out.  #fb
Stuck in the airport  a part is missing from the plane so they've let us off and sending another plane 2 Manchester for spare...not good
Stuck in the back at the New Bev 
Stuck in the dodgers parking lot  Damn traffic : /
stuck in the flat. lonely 
Stuck in the goddamned tube. Visiting family friends in the south west, why oh why couldn't saffas have picked a central area to colonize 
stuck in the house all day with nothin to do 
Stuck in the house and bored 
Stuck in the rain  http://twitpic.com/5olb6
stuck in the Vodafone office 
twitter wont let me have a profile pic 
twitter won't let me make my profile picture a new one  dang!
Twitter wont let me post a picture! 
twitter wont let me put up a user pic! 
Twitter won't let me unfollow one of the annoying celebrities I mentioned. 
twitter wont let me upload a new pic ??? 
twitter wont let me upload a pic 
twitter wont work on my mob.... 
twitter! what the FUCK is up?? my ipod is lost and my phone is broken so i can only do twitter updates on the computer for now!!  sad face
Twitter, i've never gotten a build-a-bear  someone take me!
Twitter, NIsarg made me say it...all i wanted was to see TNG,,,is that so much to ask? Apparently so 
twitter, not &quot;twritter&quot;!  so hard to type! eeeeeee...:/
Twitter, not sure I'm getting it 
Twitter, please postpone the maintenance. It's vital that twitter is available or we will have no news about #iranelection  #twitterfail
twitter, twitter, little tweet, i pray the lord my soul to keep... i guess the wolverine is not the coolest kid in town 
Twitter, up yours mate, I can't change my picture! 
Twitter, what a lonely place it is tonight 
Twitter, where's my profile ! Please let me login so that I can delete it ! 
twitter, why won't you send updates to my phone? and why won't I sleep 
twitter, why won't you work on my phone? 
Twitter, you wound me 
twitter, you're still the best! facebk is complicated... 
twitter,facebook,myspace...no phone still 
twitter. why are you so distracting? do you NOT want me to finish my SRP?? 
TWITTER...why do you deny me @Jonasbrothers updates on my phone? What have I ever done to you? 
twitter= novo viciu  {2}
Twitterberry is pissin me off..... On another note I'm starting to not feel good again  And sad panda status.
Twitterberry isn't working properly, 
Twitterberry keeps messing up! 
Twitterberry won't show me updates 
TwitterBerry's like, &quot;Waaah! No more memory! Cannot load friend updates!&quot; and I'm all, &quot;Why don't I have an iphone?&quot; Verizon 
twitterbreak for awhile. finals coming up. 
so sick of this rain  want to go out, but its just putting me off doing anything. It's so heavy i'll get drenched just going to the car
So sick to my stomach. Yuk. 
SO sick today..  I have the flu..  not the swine variety, just the regular PITA variety..    My G/F is coming to take care of me!
So sick with the only hangover and on my way to school 
So sick!!! Feeling really bad  and later i have 2 go to the bank...But i can hardly wait for Workout....I really love it!!!
so sick, i just want to fall asleep until im better 
So sick. No more vodka 
So sick. Someone look after me please!!!!! 
So sick.....been in bed all day long 
so sickkk  and mr noodles doesn't do shiat. 
So sickkk! Why is no medicine working!? I ain't going to the Doctor! 
so sleeeeepyy!!! but gotta go to work 
So sleepy  tomorrow is gonna be great, everyone invite everyone and COME SEE
So sleepy after a fun day at the water park! Summer vaca is stopped for 8 days due to a o so fun writing academy that I HAVE to go to 
So sleepy but cannot fall asleeeeep 
So sleepy but can't seem to fall asleep. 
So sleepy I dont wanna go to work tomorrow 
So sleepy now. My head hurts 
So sleepy that I feel reluctant to show up at a meeting. But I should 
So sleepy! It's gonna be a long day today aswell  oh well nearly the weekend 
so sleepy! work experience is tiring 
so sleepy! work was forever long  i miss my baby so much!
So sleepy!!  I hate 8am CASB 
so sleepy, but i have labs to do 
so sleepy, but i still have 50 minutes of duty. 
so sleepy, I could sleep in my baby arms allday 
So sleepy. Friday night was ruined by a stupid shift @ work tmrow 
So sleepy. No car show today 
so sleepy.. but i have to finish my homework 
So sleepy...do I have to work out? 
So sleepyyy..... I think I'm drooling. aghhh... I feel like a zombie, good nightt. Ohh NO.. Finals. 
So so bored and annoyed that Sam and Ryan are gonna overtake me on lotro again 
So so bored. Feel the size of a house.. holiday is going to be awful at this rate 
so so burnt 
So so don wana go to class!! 
so so far away from me  miss you lalu
so so happy to be done with that lameeee college paper! although, i've yet to even tackle that mountain of packing...ay yi yiiiiiiiiii 
TwitterDeck makes me look fat  staying with twittie or changing my picture!
Twittered last night about Derek snoring, and this morning @snoringdude was following me 
twittered off her phone at 2:42AM and is disappointed because it didn't show up  whatever. godbless you twitss.
twitterena got some unfair reviews in US app store   gone down to number 16 
twitterfeed bugue encore sur les flux rss delicious 
Twitterfeed is sneaky. My feed has been inactive again. Hope it will start working again. 
twitterfon ftw(: much easier to type than on my cheap crappy phone . I miss my other phone  errrr, your bf won't mind @Martusiia &lt;3
twitterfon was fcking rock solid in iphone OS 2.2.1, now, using OS 3.0: instant crashes, mentions/DMs are not beeing displayed 
twitterfone is so limited 
Twitterfox is gone im now trying Twitbin see how that goes Side bar though Not my biggest likey 
Twitterfox lÃ m sao tháº¿ nÃ y? 
twitterfox seems to have broken 
Twitterfox, why do you never come up in the 1st window I open &amp; why must you crash my browser after I find you when changing btwn accts? 
Twitteriffic has had some serious technological difficulties as of late. Had to switch to TwitterFon. I don't like change. 
Twitterific app on my iPhone died  now have to access it on safari phone 
Twitterific is back online! But my neck, shoulder n back is not 
Twitterific is fixed yas! Still buggy tho 
Twitterific isn't working for me 
Twitterific stopped working so I'm using TwittedFon until it's fixed. It's poo  off to play minigolf!
Twitterific was down 4 3 days!!!!! 
So so so  dreading tomorrow morning. 
So so so Sad I have to spend one night away from my better half  it's going to kill me
so so so sad right now. the last eposide of the first season of QAF is so sad... and i can't stop cry!  Justin &lt;3 Brain &lt;3
So so so sad. Hadn't even confirmed date of wedding with Shona 
so so so so bored 
so so so so BORED! 
SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO paranoid. you have no idea. I want it now! I feel like crying. 
So so so so so so so so sleepy...missin my boy 
so so so so so so tired. Momentarily forgot that I hate cable, and now remember why-my brain is FRIED! My IQ has definitely dropped 
so so tired.. 
so so upset because school is coming 
So soaked right now 
so somehow my phone charger is lost and now my phone is dead  does anyone have a charger for a blackberry that i could borrow?!
So something is wrong with my dog. Staying up all night to watch her and get her to the vet as soon as they open. 
so soo tired 
So sore  it sucks, I don't know what's wrong with me 
so sore from i see stars Moshpit last night 
So sore from softball. 2 line-drives right into my wrist. The pain of being the pitcher 
So sore from the boat ride and tubin 
so sore from tumbling. 
so sore from yesterday, and now i have to go to a fucking birthday party. wooo. 
So sore today from  mulching yesterday. 
so sore, why is sun burn so sore???  xo
so soreeeeee 
So sorry , my boy 
So sorry everyone I've been extra BUSY today ...no tweeting time  but U know I am still spreading GREATNESS!!
so sorry fellas   . my driver is gone with the wind and he do messed up everything !
so sorry for my lover Farah who lost her laptop and ipod at the same time 
So sorry for your loss @LadyNightowl and the DNR. Wish I could be there to give you a hug 
So sorry if i've been typing wrongly. usually, after i've typed something, i wont read. i'll just press the 'enter' button 
So sorry to hear about the 2 colliding trains.  My prayers go out to anyone who lost a loved one. 
So sorry, Paul Simon....they are actually, finally taking your Kodachrome away. 
so still in here now 
@SavannahJoy0_o I just looked at my pics..no back shots of Jon..sorry 
@savannahonfire we were together for like 7 months.. it hurts pretty bad. especially when you feel like it hurts you way more than them 
@savannastiff fried twinkies  loljk. i had re-heated breadsticks from papa john's. BIG MISTAKE.
@savannawalker ya, tweetmic is only for iphones...  btw, check out http://www.bubbletweet.com/ u might like it...
@SavedBarbie  I can't even imagine I have had a few peeps pass this year I'll be praying for ya 
@savemegeek Oh really? Not storm version yet?  sad,sad...I can't wait till the developers are liable for their paid products....
@SaveSamantha i got nothing to watch now on a monday night  bring it back. also... bring back sarah connor
@SaveTheRamen *clings to you and your distractingness* 
@savethewabbit i know   he sometimes does 3-7pm on saturdays
@Savfortomorrow oh lawdd  i'm sowwy bby&lt;3 and we're now members of eastscene!  whoooo!
@SavhadsProdigi It's true. I made a resolution with @navohnjayms no sex for a whole year 
@savingaimee i want to come to see you in london 
@SavingAmalthea unfortunately I'm at chemistry camp then 
@savingtime awsh  revising is hard  i used to do that too lol, just stare at my work doing nothing.
@savingtime awwr  *le sigh* nays better than yay 
@Saviola87 It's not a match worth watching 
@SaviP you didnt guess  , so im just gonna tell you. i am slowly and horribly learning how to play the guitar ha
@Savorysweetlife Hulu is nonfunctional outside the US  I have... other means ;)
@SavvyAuntie oh  I'm @ the gym now
@SavvyAuntie That's horrible 
@savvybride - Seizures suck  Sorry to hear about your sister. Will be thinking of her and sending positive thoughts.
@savvybride ohmigosh.. what on earth happened?! you were so far in the lead yesterday  i voted &amp; will send out again for more
@savvygrl The sunset is stunning! Snap some pictures - I was in the car 
@Savvygrl7 good thankyouu, back to college tomorrow though 
@SaVvYRoZe you've been a little silent on twitter lately 
@sawcello's last live song before going on hiatus for 6 months while drummer goes to basic training  http://short.to/fw6x
@sawhitenack y dont u try applying 4 a different  job...I tried applying at Target but they werent hiring 
@sawickis oh no, I hope he feels better. Poor little guy 
@SawLady I wish I could! but money is an issue these days  I'd love to be involved but it's just not possible right now, ho hum.
@sawwaa but our life depends on it!!!!! 
@SawyerRe unfortunately if it has John/ Dr Cox in it i may be tempted, i've seen the last episode btw 
@SAX5THSIX ive tried a million times to fix this shit  hey atleast u know what i look like
@saxa246  ive been trying to get over her for years, its so hard to move on, when youre so in love..it sucks 
@saxplaya07 Iraq would be over in 10 minutes, remember? Bin Laden would be caught in no time...We here don't believe the cavalry anymore 
@say2vj hv a good time bud...i m gonna miss it..no registration 
@Sayamelon But it's so boring and I hate it.  I enjoy sitting here, doodling TOKIO HOTEL and pretending I have plenty of spare time.
@Sayamelon It's like an inflammation of the eye... I never had it before so I'm not sure if it's really it but it hurts 
@Sayamelon Too late! I'm the loser who filled in first. Am I un-cool now? 
@sayble but then i lose one of my bbm buddies 
@saydiemason but it mean i missed out on a lot cause it was on so early  #Go Team Carlisle follow @peterfacinelli
@saydiemason i know.  i almost cried.  it doesn't help that i have leather seats.  stupid nashville. i ranted about it on my blog lol.
@saydiemason Well i don't what we should do 
@saygoodbye1818 :p we lose them for the summer soon. 
@sayhey_kay is dead  wahhh
@sayheycyrus ticket sold  
@sayheysarah me toooo 
@saykendrawithme I have school anyway BUT I will prob cry if you dont too lmao 
@saykendrawithme I MISS THEM TOO  Soooooooon. TWO DAYS!
@saykendrawithme Text/email me if you need to.  ilu
@saynerd01 @ericajo42   GRR! my stupid meebo is disconnecting me every 5 seconds 
@saynerd01 omgg hhaha nooo! drag me to hell is EVVIIIL! and angels and demons supposedly sucked   ohh no haha
@sayrah I'm sorry... 
@saytri lol exams i didn't go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that's it soo disappointed in myself 
@Sazchik Same here! Loads of friends couldn't get tickets  they were too late!
@Sazchik sorry I don't know Telford very well 
@sazinwonderland Hahahh it turned out way better than expected.. but she didnt sing stupid girls  ahahah
@sazinwonderland Wednesday at the earliest. It's been since last we'd and my thumb is num. 
@sazp SUNSHINE! Its pouring with rain here. Damn. 
@sazp we have a similar problem with someone who wants a refund for site design work that has been live for 5 months 
@sazychik I just saw Honduras play 2 weeks ago, so I would choose Real Madrid but man i cant afford the trip 
@sazzclarke + @princesssakura are getting tix for @mileycyrus tomoz! but her prices are too much so i cant go  girl what are u playing at!
@Sazzlechops hello sarah its lucy (redman) please add me noone else has 
@sazzzzzz haha yeah i know what you mean. pianos are more expensive to buy though 
@sb_wilson Think I'll hireyou next year.In the meantime,find out what other people charge send me a quote.How come you got it right? 
@SBaddison7 DOHHHHH... GOSH that sounds good right now, even though it's 2:24 A.M. (LOL).. but I didn't eat dinner last night, either! 
@Sbalani I can't either. You going to the degree show? I'm swamped 
@sbanawan Same error I get. I am told this is a problem attributed to Twitpocalypse, but the developer has not updated Tweetie yet 
@sbarksdale2 so I walk into my house all excited cuz it's clean and smelling good....then I got 2 my room 
@sbarnes215 Sounds good, I wish I was going somewhere for the 4th 
@sbasista left around 8...just ate, but now working again 
@sbaylatin 79 -- 67 Denver down 
@sbaylatin no work 
@sbcpacker4life Where are you?! 
@sbcvandy Love that you have cat jail. I can't even get mine in a carrier... have to get someone else to do it for me 
@sbeardsley Grats to you guys! Sorry I can't join you for a beer   Drink one for me
@sbendapudi I'm still going strong. I feel like you might need to go, because it could sell out... 
@sbennettwealer I did hear that!! I was so looking forward to meeting you   Keep us posted!
@sberlin that's weak! 
@SBKLIVE its a darn shame blackbean deli isnt open on sundays 
@sbksha doesn't help 
@sbmczh bahahaha! Sorry for that. And degrading? Aw  Didn't mean to offend.
@sbmczh I dunno about love Sam...thats too much of a commitment for me right now LMAO &amp; awe I'm sowwie sunburns blow!! 
@sbmczh well thank you. But now we can't cuddle instead of getting rained on  (hug)
@sbro_nz Why not try #eventbox?  I like it much better than both and it includes rss feeds.  But it isn't free  #nambu #tweetdeck
@sbrondum I'm looking up when taxes invented. Keep forgetting. And there are so many now. 
@SbUxPrInCeSsK awwww 
@sbys me too it's so fun. 
@sc_mu  tnxs Scotty. just 4 hrs in london  .Konami sucks.luckily you flight! I'd never been able 2catch a flight 2 be &amp; come back in 6hrs!
@SC_Stephenson....so people from bowie are on twitter now   well it was fun being the first bowie heads on here with u steve...
@Sc00ter  so sorry to hear.
@sc4twit thanks, he is in the hospital with thyroid cancer and it's spread into his lungs 
@scaldara HAHAHA i only have the groundhog to play with 
@scalderwood argh, if they trim the plan it won't work. not the time for halfway. 
@scalps I just completely realized that I... will never not love fandom 
@scalps Maybe if you were on MSN at ridiculous hours more often, we would talk TO you and not just about you 
@scampbell734 and your 'applied french' where you get to see the exam before you do it! i really hate you 
@ScampX He's only got a bra top on and his perm will just frizz right up 
@Scandalous a land of beautiful people - shame about the language - It isn't very pleasing on the ear 
@SCandii me 2 watchin tv hella bored &amp; kinda bummed i cant go to b-day bash 
@SCandii They all cheating on me smh  sadness
@scanman Sounds miserable.  Feel better soon!
@Scaraboo Ouchies. Sorry to hear it  Are you going to get it checked out?
@ScaraQueen It's okay for some 
@scarboy I'm sure something will come about! also: 
@ScarecrowVideo I'm sorry! I LOVE you guys but can't get over there all the time! 
@ScaredyCat no workie 
@scaree No one's sent me a kiss yet! 
@scarie Oh  I adore Clinique foundations so I would totally switch brands. They are especially good for sensitive skin too
@ScarielMermaid 
@scarlet_fields Lol aww , atleast it's over now! I didn't go to school 'cause i was sick this morning 
@Scarlet_Velvet Like the ones from me!! I'll be on and off here today hun as I have someone sitting behind me again 
@scarletdog, not sure if that is bad news or good, both are yucky yuck no-good 
@SCARLETSANTANA lol, i know right. i am old, aint seen u in a minute  anyways, thanks for the love hun
@ScarletSass Have two! &lt;3&lt;3 Called laptop people, not going to be ready until Monday or Tuesday 
@scarletscandals yah lor what's wrong? i cannot read your blog 
@scarletshimmer  Wasn't a avid watcher myself, but I hate to see a decent genre show get cancelled. Glad to see we'll get more Chuck tho!
@scarletshimmer oh dear 
@scarlett_b noooooo!  I only got a couple before we went out you had all the goodens 
@Scarlettjen Awwww.... missing you already. 
@Scarlettjen but you'll never reach that speed in Australia except to Australian sites 
@scarlettlillian Have fun today!! So sorry I had to call in at the last minute..thought I could pull it off w/ 2.5 hours of sleep 
@ScarlettQ  All you can do now is hope he caught the clap from whatever whore wrongly persuaded him that you aren't awesome.
@ScarlettWinterr for real. WE NEED YOU BACK ON THE AIR! btw sucks on the tat 
@Scarlettx3 i know its really annoying  those questions were rubbish, stupid tennies xP
@scarletty24 It will give it 24 hrs. Its all my fault having you in the pool! 
@scarnes yep u got&gt;&gt; GRRR at GA... 
@scarscam  What is &quot;Whatha&quot; - I don't understand this sorry 
@scarsxstories omg bb.  &lt;3 when do you get out?! i wanna talk to you so bad.
@ScaryKids cause I'm going to work  But I can tonight! 
@scarymask gtfo 
@scatterbrain11 sadly i don't think i'll be able to join hard fest  dude i still want to come down there though!
@scatteredbomb in the same boat 
@scatteredbomb You Welcome! Eat some chicken soup...and don't gargle salt water. It doesn't work, just makes you gag and feel worse 
@scatteredwords I want to watch UP! Too bad it'll be shown here on July, I think 
@scavengerlor  i got ur message  its okay i just miss you a lot, do u fancy coming over tomorrow to stay (if u can, if not sat yeh?)
@scavengerlor hey thought ud be on here most likely, im stressed out  i really dont know why  x
@SCC_Skwerl Haha that's what I just did! ;p and you should live here, it was dark at 5.30pm today! 
@SCC_Skwerl Well... it's... don't make me feel bad now! 
@sccastaneda they always pick on your videos it seems, lol 
@scdouglas9 what? someone stole your purse?? 
@scearley 
@Sceenie i know n i just wanted like layers done. i took like a photo in n she made it like exactly the fucking OPPOSITE to how I asked 
@scene_skater aww...  lol Love you ! *kisses aira's cheeks*
@scene3t Yes  dont get mad at me.
@sceneaesthetic the number isn't working on neither of mine or my mom's phone 
@scenehippie but but but i don't. 
@ScenieWeenie aw but it's worth it  i was about to cry in it tho o.O more than once...
@scent07 ìŠ¬í”„ë„¤ìš”.... 
@sceric77 Day 19 and counting 
@sceric77 i know, watching the feed     it aint over yet tho....there's still time..
@scfox leave Kevin alone!  Kevin doesn't deserve to be made fun of like that! 
@schachin cont: times.  I am not sure what is going on.   
@schachin ive seen it before, still no luck finding where i saw it originally 
@schaeconspiracy  damn you
@schaeferj89 awesome  i dont think i get perth radio stations here 
@schaeferj89 HAHAHA i know ew.... but i cant talk so  i'd rather look like her than me, but hahah
@schaeferj89 I wish it came to Perth  Perth is always left out lol
@schaeferj89 Not well 
@schaeferj89 oh,so i cant steal her 
@schaeferj89 OMGGG!  Do you play them all the time?! what station are you on? So i can listen!! 
@schaeferj89 ow  tis sad 
@schafsprinz you are ignoring me 
@scharleth eww how doi you make ur own? lol. gross so go to mels page! look at AJ  lol. imma jack that niggas eyes 
@Schattenwolf Not had BBQ yet this year as weather bin too changeable 
@Schattenwolf Oh no chic 
@Schattenwolf Sorry Hun - you're still pictureless 
@Schau4 dang it! sorry for everything. Hope you feel better. 
@schend ((hugs)) what a tough day. 
@schend That sucks  Happy graduation day to Jordan!! http://myloc.me/2bT9
@SchillingC I might as well give it a go today too, since I bought the cocking thing.  At least I can return it. But for what?!
@schillingfan My problem is old broken foot that set badly 
@schizofy Package? :O You shouldn't be sending me stuffs! &lt;3 Feel you on the dogs  *hugs*
@Schlockmaster I noticed. 
@schmattt Didn't know you were off 
@schmetallica  Who and why?
@schnabes It's a crier?! omg I didn't know  crap, I should probably go see this by myself during the day.
@Schneed *what you up to with your Sunday? Lol hangover has set in. 
@schneidermike My Tweetdeck groups did not import  what did I do wrong?
@Schneidz yeah, all day yesterday I couldn't sign in!! I also had no luck tryn to find the older version to redownload 
@Schofe  Aww I'm really scared of needles  &amp; I've got 2 go get a jag tomorrow 
@Schofe  Beat the Star was good. Shame Vernon didn't win  but he did well
@Schofe are you and fern going to be on together soon? i miss your banter 
@Schofe Ask him why no-one is following me...LOL..I feel very unloved and lonely 
@Schofe aw mr schofe how dare people accuse you of being so irresponsible 
@Schofe Darn! I missed the Twitter man!  Is there anywhere online I could watch it Phil? What was his deal?
@Schofe hello i watch you everyday sorry to hear about fearne leaving 
@Schofe Hey there Mr Schofe...after all this time you still aint following me...gutted you were across the table from Morten!! 
@Schofe http://twitpic.com/2yd1o - this one isn't anywhere near as comfy 
@Schofe http://twitpic.com/3jqob - Now you are making me homesick...  Not that I ever lived there of course...  Just miss London...    ...
@schofe I have a dilemma, kingdom clashes with the apprentice! Oh nooooo 
@Schofe I have a phobia of hairs, they make me feel sick 
@Schofe I have the worst phobia ever and emailed it through to the show and they didnt put it on  
@Schofe I went 2 the NHM in December, took my boyf who'd never been! Didnt get 2 c the dinos tho. 
@Schofe I wished you would do a bit about Emetaphobia ( fear of vomit) as i have had it for years and it affects my life 
@Schofe im scaired of clown 
@Schofe May as well be called Kamikazee Control when I play it, highest is 81 and that was by fluke. Nowhere over 45 since 
@Schofe not off the side of the bridge I hope? 
@Schofe Ohh gutted i missed it! sounded like a great show 
@Schofe One of my favourite songs and definitely going to be my first dance at my wedding, if he ever pops the question! 
@schofe shes great, i wished you had asked her about being in Enrique Iglesias Hero video though  lol
@Schofe yeah totally, it would have been nice. To see them get a point 
@Schofe yes what a shame, Sutil is usually good in the wet 
@Schofe Yowch! As if people would ever think you'd do that   Really, how dare they!
@scholesy111 Didn't go last night  Boo! Went to cinema instead - I will win next time tho!
@schoolboyduke i'm following you aaron haha. i miss cali 
@SchoolDuggery Don't doubt 4a moment.Tele.article written by smn who obviously barely understands social media.I think theyll get her tho 
@SchoolhouseReck Oh gosh, I'm coming in late. Don't even know what Police Squad &amp; Planet Earth are. 
@SchoolhouseReck You forget- I don't live in Denver anymore! Everyone in Idaho is in bed now  
@schram LOL I just spit my water out thank you! i read that he just isnt very approachable and doesnt like interacting w/ fans 
@Schristofersen @Dragonzeye37 tough one with gas prices going up too. 
@Schristofersen if u can't see it tomorrow I may try tonight. I know ppl are going to be talking about it soon. 
@schrunk wait til the morning and gloom sets in... 
@SchuggaJoy  I am jealous. I am eating a hotdog....no wine 
@schultz1965 no tequila yet...  I so need a drink after the customers today.
@schwarto  me neither. tonight just feels weird in general.
@SchwartzsLaw With what? I'm lost 
@schweick13 I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@schwumps oh i was dropping my mom off at the airport. We had some family that passed and she went to the funeral 
@schzimmydeanie Jerm â™¥ Say hi to brazilian fans  we love you.
@science_queen Awwwww...but,but...everyone loves (to kill) zombies. 
@sciencebase and yet there is still no version for mac... 
@ScienceChannel I do not have the propper access to DM you my mailing address... ... 
@sciencegoddess I've always wanted 2 name my son Ozone.I doubt my future wife will let that come 2 pass.I will prolly never get married. 
@scienceofsleep i want to be there 
@scientist_no_1 i'm in clinical research now......so work in multiple fields. i do miss the science though 
@scifigirl oh man! i'm sorry to hear that. sucky! 
@scifisamurai selfupdate and clean ruby fixed that part but now its failing on rb-rubygems 
@Scifispace I think it was awesome...but sadened me that it was the end  of it all 
@scigirl543 awww  once the tour is over, you will all be so relieved, though, don't worry
@scigirl543 what about me? 
@ScissorHands2 havent seen him anywhere 
@scitadel Mid July  so far away   Yup! I did see your post. Thank you! I will definitley be posting a few items.
@Sciurusa i don't like it... 
@Sckit yeah, it was pretty bad. He's leaving in 8 days. 
@SCL411 it seems more stable now but last tweetdeck even with the scan going was better  i may of had my scan going
@sclilavois thanks for the bad news steph 
@SCMcDonnell Agreed... he was more than a horn player.  RIP
@scodal I hate it - it's now a work thing 
@scogill It's raining here 
@sconexgirly1991 Not Cool!!!  U makin me feel like do do now! Muahzz Bree!
@scooby867 Bloody golf is coming here, don't remind me.  The place will go a bit mental then I think 
@scooby867 woke up way too early...been doing quality checking today..will continue after lunch! not terribly exciting I'm afraid 
@scoobydoo6369 7.5hrs ....i jus started!  gonna be a looooooooonnnnnnggg shift!
@ScoobyDoofus  keep me updated
@scoobylostinny Maybe your Mystery Machine can fly here and take me to the hospital.. I do not know how I will make it all day by myself 
@scoolgirl101 Hola  work is boring.. have to do too much in too less time  What do u work?
@scoopemup why u send ya condolences to me? cuz of Farrah 
@scooprandell NOOOOOOOOO thats awful 
@scooprandell oh baby, I cannot. I just cannot talk out loud, it's a very horrible problem I have, serious. 
@scooprandell thanks! I've been in tears and just sick over this all day 
@Scootaluv AWW COME ON YOU PHRASING SONGS N SH*T NOW..... I DONT DISSERVE THIS!!!!!!! 
@Scootamazing  i will throw a poptart at you! haha
@ScooterSquirrel Do you tweet from yer mobile? and if so how?!? Mine wont' log into twitter 
@scoralli hi love!! I miss you and need to see you!! 
@ScorpioDiva81 GIRL I WAS LOCKED OUT FOR AN HOUR!!!!! I felt homeless  lol I was looking for a Betty Ford clinic 2 help me thru it LMBO
@scorpiodiva81 I know....tell Madison that Auntie Coopie misses her 
@scorpiolady1 i'm losing faith  where is D at
@scotclans Crap  what did the gov plan to do out there?
@SCOTNESS yeah, that's true, but I rented a movie that I've gotten maybe 1/5 of the way into and now I can't watch it anymore 
@ScotRadcliffe I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@Scotscowgirl Oh bloody hell, I'm so sorry to hear you didn't get them back - and the rain. Did any of it go well?! 
@scotsings has it activated yet? I still have the &quot;waiting for activation&quot; message displayed. 
@scotsmanstuart - thanks for the shout out on followfriday!! I missed it 
@scott_amh yes  it says my wp database doesnt exist
@scott_fuller ughhdfkojdfklfadsj  im getting you a blackberry world, that way you can call me every day.
@scott_gonzalez the google ajax libs hosting actually only caches for 1 day  it caches much longer if you do the google.load('jquery') tho
@Scott_Herman where's sarah?! 
@scott_herman yeah ugh. school 
@scott_lilwall Can't.  Work 
@Scott_Little holy crap! Hope he's ok! 
@Scott_M_ I'm not sure what to make my 1000th. It's a momentous occasion - I have a feeling I'll end up wasting it 
@Scott_M_ no! no more  i dreamed last night i had no bellybutton thts how traumatic my dreams have become :|
@scott_nicholson Not to worry...I'm not that kind of girl...just want my button back 
@Scott_T2112 I watch SNL but they're not that funny anymore!  I watch Mad TV too...and they're funnier than SNL most of the time......
@Scott_T2112 Jinx doesn't even remember us anymore 
@Scott_Wegna Ooohhh no. That player.  My heart is robot-broken
@Scott_Wood yeah. I want it back though - cause i take my laptop to school and work on it there, and having tweetdeck open all the time = 
@scott2h2o bc I have no money for anything 
@scottabel Thanks for the Mr. Tweet recommendation. Ashamed to say we'd never heard of it before 
@scottbert tell me about it! I thought I would have got more smutty replies  sadly, my followers seem too pure minded.
@scottbourne Jalapeno chips n salami on it's way...with a Pepsi no less! YAY! Miss &quot;Munchies&quot; taffy in Sausalito n motorcyle rides. 
@ScottBourne that's like $1 per follower!! Amazing, and to think I just started following you this year, 
@ScottBourne That's too much work.  
@ScottBourne Unfair!!! US Only  I can't afford a Drobo here in Australia, they are twice the price of the retail price in the US. 
@scottcabal I'm working in the the evening  but could do daytime for sure. COFFEEEEEE
@scottclowe addict indeed  had rubbish weather all day bt its been vindicated by a lovely warm eve. Merry charring if you get the weather!
@scottcrussell doesn't seem to like my accent  nearby bars != neophyte stars
@scottdot GOOGLE VOICE! My poor nerdy, Google-loving heart almost jumped out of my body...then I got sad 
@ScotteeTee I have no idea this is the 4th nite he hasn't come home. I've walked around looking for him  i really miss him too
@scottehdo boo, twitter 
@scottellis09 man I think we deleted wednesday's. 
@ScottEmpringham 3-6, we lost. 
@ScottEO @Ducky0623 @sinisterf so it's not just me... none of my replies are threaded, so I can't see what u r replying too... 
@scotters take note  EPA declares health emergency in Montana town (AP) http://is.gd/14MQr (via @buzznewz)
@ScottFairfield too right. 
@scottfelstead cant imagine how u managed it unless u know them man himself!i had tickets for 2nd night &amp; now i've gotta wait until march 
@ScottFOD A little bummed cause I will miss cellcast tonight. Audio is not working on computer. 
@ScottFOD I've barely been able to log onto FOD.  Don't think I'll be able to stay up to hear the cell cast. Too tired tonight.
@ScottFOD so no cell cast again tonight... 
@ScottForbes Ughh I hate it when that happens, of course it's always firefox with me 
@ScottH1979  sorry it will have to be August...I'm traveling all July 
@scotthamilton im going and you like me dont you?  who dont you like c'mon spit it out! @maci75 i would update to 3.0 but do i wanna pay?
@scottiejen How rubbish that it was closed 
@scottiejen lucky u -I have no holidays from this course 
@scottique - Curse you for making that last message too long to properly retweet! Now I'm going to have to shorten it or something... 
@scottique I'd go see it myself but it's not out my side of the pond until OCTOBER. 
@scottique I'm sorry to hear that.   RIP
@scottishsteveo Nah don't worry about it 
@scottishsteveo Nice.  I have a tuna and green bean salad 
@scottjames87 @scottishsteveo I've had the inFamous demo downloading for 2 hours now and it's at 40%. Would have finished by now on XBL 
@scottjames87 lol  Another try
@scottjbarr That's the video from the unite homepage, right? It's just meta, not the real thing 
@scottk75  dang it!!! You gotta text me next time!!!!
@scottk75 that song isnt there, 
@scottkeir I would have gone, but my feet said &quot;not yet&quot;.  
@ScottLudwig Yes, yes it was 
@scottmac wow you are going also  sorry to hear you leaving Scott 
@scottmeinzer i really wanted to but i have something already planned Friday that i cant miss 
@ScottMHarris1 I don't know. Just been a long day, and I'm not feeling too hot  Hope u out having fun, throw back 3 for me!
@ScottMillsGuru I did, its been no1/2 on iTunes chart for the past few days, going off of it really 
@Scottmix Just listened to 2009 vers of Butterfly Kisses...are you trying to kill me???  SO SAD  
@scottmliddell listing as unavailable now  #blip.fm #fail
@ScottMonty that's one powerful shopping cart. poor Taurus didn't have a chance!  next up.... a 100mph fast ball
@ScottRhodie Boo...   I feel your pain.
@ScottRhodie haha would have cone back legless!!! Thanks scott. They hurt now though 
@scottrmcgrew  ya I'm trying to think of something witty to say but so far I got nothing 
@scottrmcgrew better to be safe. Imagine all your hard work just vanishing for no apparent reason. 
@scottrmcgrew Oh, chess... Never was good at that game. 
@scottroybtw lmao i know, and i total love her to be honest ;) A would (k)XOXO ahaha, am doing maths :G 
@scottsapphire eng major? what about philo and/or art history?? i wish i had a good timetable/3 days! i always get 4 or 5 days!! 
@ScottSharman - I hope it isn't serious either lol... It doesn't seem to be that bad, but I just keep retching  probs a bit tmi lol
@ScottSharman @Laird_Attwood where the hell did he get that tee shirt? I want it! 
@scottsommers But unfortunately, there are no SSCI rankings for Twitter feeds... 
@scottsommers no can see till computer is fixed 
@ScottSusman you stopped following me   you're mean
@scotty_mcc aww.  3 months?! no way. I'MFREAKINGGONNAMISSYOU!!!&lt;3333333
@scotty_mcc IFREAKINGMISSYOU&lt;333 
@scotty_mcc Scotty..  i miss you so much.
@scottybomb Sorry, back again - I expected an awful lot more from Canada, this is very poor 
@Scottyboy292 LOL, no (only 1-5) but that price is tempting, got no moneys though 
@Scottysingo they might be a bit confused about that scott since I made the whole story up 
@ScouseLIVERPOOL Aww  wel we'll all b awake 2gether! haha wish we wa in mohegan!! deffo save lots ready 4round 3! haha
@scousetx  but you have us to keep you company * hands him a case of beer* hope that helps pass the time 
@ScoutBuck tons no hay Troll? ahhhh 
@scraparcs so-so...I have 2 reg collectors 4 my fantasy art, but I have 2 let them know when I list it used to do VERY well, but lately 
@Scrapbooks We don't have either of those here.  
@scrapchick i took 2 more of them about 30 mins ago too. as soon as i lay down it comes back though. 
@ScraperBikeKing yes he do-but it is a big realization 4 him. he goes to a school thats 62% white 
@scraplady2005 well did they come out with the book? Lol. I am so sorry u didn't get to meet him  I feel bad- damn those girls!
@ScrappinCop wow, that is so shitty 
@Scratch5150  don't think so.... I can't sleep.... insomnia!
@Scratch5150 I know! I was supposed to have an outside photoshoot today too  looks like well be inside
@Scratch5150 Sorry, I was trying to be funny 
@scratchybird they cancelled it for today and had to change it for next monday cz the girl was ill. bad times  xxx
@screamingsonic i know babe poor poor baby  I have such a huge admiration for you, i think you're my very own version of Addison ;)
@Screenjabber Couldn't stand it, to me that wasn't red dwarf 
@screensaver17 ï¿½35 on 18 months - daddy wouldn't pay it  sticking with the same phone for now. Debating buying a touch... make me.
@screweduptexan Hi Allie, thanks. We got put in Twitter jail with only 70 tweets, somehow.   How have you been?
@screwzluse yea I didn't read one page of the book 
@scribblegurl Yes, I hope so too. But, I think the basiji has got permission to shoot. If they so fail it might take another 20-30 years! 
@scribblepaper OMFG! I I couldn't stop saying this to myself last night too! 
@Scriblit  ... sorry to hear that. Must have been awful. Take heart - milk teeth not, but kids are v resilient... *hug*
@Scrinner hi. Can I ask how you thought of your username? Its just that i've been using it everywhere only to find you have it over here 
@scriptamanet ew, worst of both worlds. 
@scrivener awww that was a sad story!   I think we all have at least one like that.
@Scrivvvers omgosh 
@Scroobiuspipyo Im ashamed to live in yorkshire &amp; humber . After campaigning against them in the area for the past few weeks 
@scrubbybubbles I can't watch movies like that because I'm already an over parnoid mom and those type of movies just make me more so 
@scrubclub unfortunately, it's a laptop, so not many options except an entire new laptop. I'll just bear it until the album is done 
@ScruffyPanther  when's the last exam mdear? X
@ScruffyPanther ah no  has she gone but psycho? X
@ScruffyPanther I am fail  x
@ScruffyPanther Morning Miss; know the feeling; I've been ignored most of the morning  how's u?
@ScruffyPanther You so are. Poor B 
@scrumhalfblog well I don't have any suggestions to you! I am basically computer illiterate! sorry 
@sct0606 i see u dont have time for me today   
@scuba_suzy I love my Sigma 10-20 but it's 77 mm. 
@scumm_boy So, like GTA4?    I'll have to give it a shot.  I forgot that I finished all the FPSs I own.  
@scummerz no updates ? 
@ScurvyGoat  *hugs*
@scuttling Yeah idk, I'm hoping most of them just relocated and couldn't get back on the Internet or something. 
@scythianmusic PLEASE come to Minneapolis/St. Paul area!!!! I looked on your schedule but I don't see anything close anytime soon. 
@sd I cant get past 30 landings 
@sdanielleon and others!!    I just dont get it... why would you do that unless you are an investor at FF and wants to send traffic
@SDDowns I'm afraid I am, epic clothes fail. I tend to have two main colour schemes though - but would look awful if mixed. 
@SDDowns well I am wondering about just packing one pair of trousers and multiple librarian cardigans, don't have any grey ones though 
@sdelbecque triste constat 
@sdhardrock me too.  sold out tho 
@sdidat So you won't be there for the huge family pic after Jess' wedding?  I'm with you- Friday night weddings = 
@SDKG Is the helmet too big or small?  I'm in the market for a new helmet but can't remember what size I wear 
@sdministry he was there... It was me and the baby that missed 
@SDMusic lol they're for betty's! I didn't hide them! if anything, Omar did! lol. They're sold out now tho 
@sdohana freal?  cause i kinda gave up on that 
@sdohana I can relate 
@sdorkenoo It sure does, however, I am going to join the 40 club before you 
@SdotDaGREAT drank! I miss y'all 
@sdotspider LAME!!!! Lol if you killed the most amazing person in the world than I would be dead  LOL
@SdotSwoon another r. patz-less weekend. 
@sdrb  You've got to love fly tippers: http://tinyurl.com/mt4opc  Worst I've seen is a dead mule dumped on Holmbury Hill. 
@sdtips - Hmmm, that's interesting. Had breaky there Sunday, no notice then. Sheesh, at least they aren't going the Crescent Heights way 
@sdullye @darienkaye I miss our Canadian friends  Found them on facebook, so go add!
@sdunlop sounds like a fun day ahead then 
@SdVintageVixen Awwwww!  if you guys wanna come get me next Sunday I'm def going up next week! If not I can coaster it
@sdwndr lol, someone needs to!!! he was so ugly to the point where it hurt me.  and he looked like a douche in his user pic.
@se oh NOOOO. You're right. Crank 2 is not running in Berlin theaters anymore. We missed it! What a sorry bunch of loosers we are. 
@SE3Photo actually no idea, jst curious why ur profile so minimum lol mine has pics info, m8s etc, urs so bare  lol
@Seahorsemystic It happens. I killed a dog once. 
@Seahorsemystic sadly, i can't say the same thing 
@Seaicilin Looks like @kenny_wallace started tweeting a week after the fan club dinner So slack! My Fan Club membership should be revoked 
@Seamonkey86 Good Good just getting through paperwork 
@seamus    &lt;--apparently that's all you need to write to get a mention.
@Seamus_HC Pirates are the only ones that would scuttle a ship to sail the yachts. 
@Sean_Floyd Website down 
@sean_mackin should have just played nhl all day 
@Sean_ofthedead which is why he's the only Pumpkin left 
@Sean10144 u need a better picture 
@Sean2theO you know how i feel about suicidal whales! Very bleak to hear about this  -sigh-
@seanankerr i want to go too 
@seanbonner I understand. Been a few years for me... &amp; I'm having pain &amp; I know it's not going to get better on it's one but I DONWANAGO! 
@seanchoe I'm just a pessimist   I should be more of a glass half full guy. I'm returning to Seoul in August, hope to get it then.
@seancompas why don't u hang out with me anymore 
@seandaddy5 Yeah, can't believe it's already June.  I miss u guys already T.T
@SeandBlogonaut daddy wanted to buy me shoes, but they were prettie esspensive, so nao I haff to go bearfoot 
@seanellis I just got the joke 1 minute late 
@SeanEuphoria don't think I can dude, too ashamed at the silly mistake I made on them lol  Silly rushed mistake to get it printed in time.
@seaneverett - Just trying this out. Didn't know about Goldie. Soooo sorry. 
@seanford i am i lyin here cryin its a Sat nite  by myself like a loser
@SeanGoose that sucks 
@seangrimm you chew them. you didnt throw them away did you?  guess we gotta go back to epcot and buy you more....
@seanGT95 We can't make it -- have tons of video editing to do.  You guys have fun, though! Put up a video and some photos!
@seanhansford i love you moooore. i'm missing you 
@seanhfitz how can BP be any worse then the joker in office now?  
@seanhitrec it sucks terribly that Mike Mignola never wanted to continue screw on head 
@seanislegend yeah good point. but i did it the way you showed me. was fine in firefox, but on IE it's off centre 
@seanjackson got it! Havent had time yet 
@SEANJisSOMEAN hey stranger! 
@seankingston it's not on UK itunes 
@seankingston still waiting for the answer to the question i asked u last night  xx
@seankingston Wish I could go 
@seanlancaster oota love time differences. was 4am when u msged. Students dont have course cretor access in a moodle 
@seanlivesbig me too but I'm too exhausted from all my adventures this weekend to venture out again.  Come bring me some. Xo.
@SeanMalarkey I feel like you but have to finish it 
@seanmaxx and here were headlining tomorrow for some strange reason! i wish we practiced 
@seanmchale you wont be able to see the show?!?! 
@seanmmontague Ditto! I've got a serious case of Mondayitis 
@seanmurphymusic Aww have fun! I can't see my mom on Mom's Day this yr! First one ever! 
@seanmurphymusic haha, im no good at making things like that, and i wouldn't even know what to do. It's pretty depressing 
@seannch 20 minutes  I have no willpower!
@SeannikaRichae fairly productive. workin on my portfolio when not twittering. I actually left GA a 3 days ago &amp; the weather does suck 
@Seanpaffair let us know if the movie is any good!  i haven't been to the movies in forever 
@seanpaull I'll go for 3-1 England...looking like rain in SMolton but not started yet...has in Barnstaple by sound of it though 
@seanpaull Nothing particuarly interesting anyway. Partially because Im lacking money but also because Im swamped with coursework 
@Seanrocks8 Hahah i know this is a really late reply but yeah i sprained my pinky.  
@seansean How come it's always &quot;BESIDES COSI&quot;?  I hope it's because COSI is just a given ;)
@seanskeez I can't remember. 
@SeanSlut shankss. well its over, and twas gayy. my video didn't work 
@seansmithsucks ** in the mornings 
@seansmithsucks So gutted i cant make the gig tonight  Damn uni exam in the morning grrr!
@seansmithsucks sucks i missed you at download  you better be playing next year! haha
@seansmithsucks that wasn't me, sorry! 
@seansmithsucks the US embassey are horrible, they crushed my dreams of moving abroad 
@seantheflexguy *nods*... I'm working on it. A lot of people don't seem to care tho 
@SeanTheROBOT aww really 
@Seanthings Yup. My download of the first epi this season took forever, so I was a bit behind 
@seantindale I'm working on a few projects. There is some action going on here. But no opportunities if that's what you are looking for 
@SeanTuckerJr I can't bielive your hanging out with someone who made your ex cheat on you. 
@seanwhoiscool what happened to bros before hos lor 
@Seany_ even the gentlist of kisses hurts my forehead  thank god i wasnt on a nudist beach - youve seen a savaloy yeah?
@seany_G we wuz too late for strawberries 
@SeanyDude23 lol yeah, that's more who I am. Not a wolf 
@SeanyFresh  
@SeanyPrawny haha , what to do ? i have only 2 weeks left 
@Seanyybear is it any good on the iTouch? cant believe i lost mine  getting a new one though :/ lmao!
@seaquest18 its jus' bday party nga tonight eh.. dad wont even drop me off 
@searchfarah nolah im quite chilled, surprisingly. just wish i wasnt alone 
@searchings tysm omg i'm sooo scared  he's going to make things so awkward, i'm positive.
@seariderfalcon Had that a few days ago. Sign on the door was flicked over but the woman still came in. I was meant to be gone by then. 
@seashellz WTF i am so offended by the ht kandi! i refuse to let kandi die 
@Season_Moore  We've had 8 months of positive feedback and not a single offer.  
@season_ticket looks like all the in-country experts are being silenced 
@SeasonSays thanks. I swear I feel like I'm going to just pig out 1day &amp; forget my condition. 
@seattelite this is true...;) Thus making it harder for me not to be there 
@SeattleDMBfan Hey Mark! I have BigWhiskey on the brain today too! Can you watch the Beacon show tonight? I will miss it. 
@SeattleFutbol no Supersonics 
@seattlegeekly I hope it's the RIGHT subtitles - but I kinda doubt it. 
@Seattleglobe - oooh boy re: press release. That's giving PR peeps a bad name. 
@SeattleRealEst8 439 calories; 28 grams of fat; 41.7 carbs...  by by Mexi-Fry.
@SeattleWillow //text// That sucks.   Well.  Let me know when you're leaving and I might tag along.  TTYL
@SeattleWillow Well I am at work.   But Leah might be doing something with Embry.
@Seav Yep, it's all your fault. I hate you now  haha j/k &lt;3
@Sebaastgeen HAHAHA THAT MADE ME LAUGH. but i'm not going 
@Sebaastgeen My reply is no 
@Sebaastgeen Yeah no it sounds too different  It's still good though.. just not christopher drew good :]
@sebastian_otero  but you know i love him!
@SebastienPage awww man!!!! oh well 
@sebby_peek but you didn't and I'm scared oneday you just won't say it again  but what about when you've hurt me, it hasn't made me want t
@sebby_peek I kind of have to, for myself  you don't like me though  sweet dreams love  xoxoxoxoxox
@sebby_peek i understand 
@sebby_peek i'll miss you more  night  love you too, so much 
@sebby_peek it's not a sad thingggg 
@sebby_peek okay, goodnight, I love you so much xxxx I'm sorry, too 
@sebby_peek yeah, i promise sebby (Y) yeah, i get that, but i do, i can't fight with you 
@sebdutrieu sorry I just saw tttiiiittts in that message - it stopped my scrolling dead :0) but then I realised I was just seeing things 
@sebinaj  @remzology I was not getting anything productive out of the tweets, so I dropped finally   Now I kw hw wonderful #wci was  #bck5
@seblagg haha mine too- this humidity has got to go!!! Hubs doesn't want me to cut my hair. 
@seblefebvre    where are yoooooou? 
@seblefebvre damnn it.. that reminds me.. that i have to go to the bank tomorrow 
@seblefebvre i did cry.unknowingly. just found my eyes wet. so sad when marley died. 
@seblefebvre ohh i'm so jealous of you  wanna go to these concerts too! enjooy &lt;3
@sebroche http://twitpic.com/6rwaj - That just makes me sad.  My poor fast food nation.
@sebrown154 i would love to thister, but i picked up a couple shifts so maybe i can next week. Got bills 
@sebsharp You mades PROFIT? Nooo Way Lies!  50c ? $11.23. If returned in the State of SA a 5c may be given.
@sebskuse Bah  I have to wait til Tuesday, when the download servers will probably be killed  Not on MSDNAA, unfortunately.
@SecBarbie it can also be easily defeated by moving the keychain (can be done with ramdisk). But you can get raw disk even easier. 
@sechegaray I totally agree with that... And the math stuff is even harder for me so some girls are just impossible 
@second power &quot;The Interest Killer&quot; Randy Orton LMAO, ok sorry I don't like him, he bores me ugh. I miss MISTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Kennedy 
@second_crimson: wish you were here too 
@secondpower 
@secondpower I hope all is well with you and  that you to know how much you will be missed!      Take care.
@secondpower I'd do anything for 50 degree weather here! I'm very jealous. 
@secondpower you passed, heading to Milwaukee, won't be the same without you! My first WWE Event and you're not there 
@secondstarblog before I have to leave in a month  please don't hate me. I love you all.
@Secret lol yes you sure did! Btw, How is dude from the studio... i forgot his name 
@Secret_Angel study stuff for my silly exam  x
@secretagentmama i am glad u had fun! Too bad none of our gadgets caught anything 
@secretidcrisis Sorry to hear that, dude 
@secretknives Happy Birthday!!!!!! Sorry I couldn't make it  Hope you get to play a wonderful game of &quot;Who's in My Mouth?&quot;.
@SecretLifeFAN22 Aww sorry about the homework.  LaneTea and I were doing videos all day... just barely finished. It's only around 1 am XD
@secretplanet Oh I've got a sunburn, my face burns and I hate it! And I hate traveling, I get sick everytime I ride on car 
@SecretSaturday i don't know anymore.. you have to prove it to me that you're faithful.. all the trust i had in you is gone. 
@secretsvsrumors my computer doesn't want to open it on ABC.com and I don't see it listed on hulu 
@secrettweet they just want the car...no one still cares whether or not one is alive anymore.  Had to add 2cents.
@SecShoggoth Hope everything works out man...my thoughts are with you guys... 
@section59mike At least it's not because of rain 
@section59mike Me too  Hate when they tease us like that
@security4all I know that kind of absurdity reminds me of the phrase when guns are outlawed only the criminals (and GOV) will have them 
@SECURITYJ He has gone to sleep in my bed!!!!!!! 
@SECURITYJ It was soooo good! Can't believe Chris though, I love him...  Wonder how it's all going to end...
@See_The_Light_ I respect your opinion and stated my superior opinion. JOKING! 
@seedgirl nope, missed the morning sessions (but nice to read the gist from your tweet)  enjoy the meet up (I have a time conflict) 
@seekbritney well I got a 91 on my math final  I probably failed my  chem final though 
@seekelseytweet Oh wow I'm so sorry to hear that  Drunk driver involved or....?
@seekelseytweet Omg I'm really sorry 
@seeking_balance Oh my! I'm sorry  I just meant to emphasize how difficult (but satisfying at the end!) the Grind is.. my bad haha
@seekinspiration Aaaw, I never got this message! The one where you thanked me....  And you're welcome!
@seemack  I'm missing Frosty Friday. Le sigh
@Seemaloni what happened 
@seemouserun so I tried jumping without the trampoline and its like thud* thud*  shouldn't have eaten that cookie.  http://myloc.me/1XIz
@SeenReading Unexpected trip. I thought I'd see you at the sessions but I went to visit friends in the beaches after. I leave at 6 am. 
@SeergioJaneiro LMFAO! That's all I gotta saay... Sucks I don't get to see youu! 
@seeseanpop McDonalds used to have a pasta meal as a &quot;healthy option&quot; but I think I was the only person in Australia who bought it 
@seeseanpop oh man tht burger sounds delicious! I had 2 pieces of pie today thats it. Yea I quit  I didn't want to but it had to be done.
@seeshanlive awwww Shannon  is it the one for euro?
@seesheila  that's not right he's a bad bad son
@seeson No EA for me....they did not feel the need to invite us    Oh well, almost at Union Station and then on a bus to the LACC
@Seeyinlove Wooof! Photoshoot n audition for what?? Good luck! Orientation night was dead boring right??  Sad...
@SEGA Grrrr! Blew that one  It wouldn't copy paste the right thing lol
@SEGA I really wish i was at E3  i will get there one day. 
@SEGA You give away a code when i'm not on my xbox? that's low 
@segoox2 dang. my friends used it one time and they got thru. our schools firewall or whatever has been updated so it doesnt work anymore 
@seika_i noooooo. you can't be bored. 
@Seikara I need to talk to you about this week 
@Seishun WTF Why does he, or anyone else, need to be able to enter your room while you are sleeping. Sticky fingersss 
@Sekai1987  I have one too
@sekaijuu OH NO.    I'm so sorry!  You should have told me, I would have bought it for you!
@sekotsnhoj did you have fun at the show??  i wish i could have gone! 
@sekseemess no. I'm not itchy for now. Maybe later, lol.
@selahdor I just have, like, waxed paper containers. Very un-Cambodian 
@selahh i have no life 
@selahh man -it's running now but the msgr eludes me. requests aren't getting through and am currently in despair 
@selahh singular for too long  HAHA i wouldn't miss jason mraz like this! umm, fb inbox 
@SelanneGirl    if you text coach ed tell him to tell frankie that i am sending him good thoughts!!
@seldom_seen_kid My mates there today  So jealous
@SelectedTweets Sorry Ali 
@selenagomez  dont worry I have to live the rest of my life without demi XD sorry if that was mean that was an ATTEMPT(and a sad one)joke
@selenagomez  i cant believe you &amp; demi are in toronto! im literally like 2 hours away, it would be great to see you 2 but i have school 
@selenagomez  I want to call you but I live in Braaaaazil  xoxo
@selenagomez  noo Selena i really wanted to see you soo badly im your biggest fan dont make me cry  
@selenagomez  Selly i`m begging you. please replay to me. you`ll make my day. please please   i love you sooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!
@selenagomez  would you like to go on a date with me.. plz say yes 
@selenagomez @ddlovato are you guys there for the premiere of princess protection program??? I wish I could go to that or watch 
@selenagomez @ddlovato wish i could come there and meet with you guys! 
@selenagomez aaaw Sel it's okay sje probably understands. 
@selenagomez aah i just left after four years in indian. donÊ»t do it!!! hehe. its ok for fall and spring...but no mountains! 
@selenagomez Actually, that sounded kinda stupid... I mean, I'm sorry that it's the last day 
@selenagomez ahhh can't wait - it will be like september/october for me 
@selenagomez ahhh, you and demi are in toronto and i could see you both at the PPP premiere, but i have to study for finals. FML! 
@selenagomez aww I'm sorry swty..I don't like when that sorta stuff happens..so I won't be youtubing it..I'm really sorry 
@selenagomez aww..i missed it  oh well..i love you selena! 
@selenagomez awwww  but can't wait to see the movie
@selenagomez AWWWW  we're gonna miss you!
@selenagomez Canada loves you back. I'll miss your &quot;Joey Moment&quot; tweets 
@selenagomez Do I have to pay if I call the number? 'Cause if I do, then like I can't call you 
@selenagomez don't leave us 
@selenagomez don't move to Indiana, you'll see Demi even less 
@selenagomez Every time I try to watch it it says it had to be removed from youtube..did it get leaked to early or something? 
@selenagomez goodnight Selena..please pray for Chewbie.. 
@selenagomez hello!!!!! i wish i could come see you girls tomorrow 
@selenagomez HI ! sel.. how are U? iÂ´m tired.. i have three examns yesterday  how about You? how itÂ´s going??
@selenagomez how i wish i can caLL on your saynow  
@selenagomez http://twitpic.com/701i5 - sorry but i dont like u  people, dont hate me pls! its just that im a @mileycyrus fan and i kn ...
@selenagomez I am upset and u know what would cheer me up! a reply ;P no but seriously my cell is being a shit head  it is fghjkojhgy xxx
@selenagomez i called, but my message was lame! 
@selenagomez i cant sleep too 
@selenagomez i had a chance to go there this summer but couldnt  i wish ilived there. i love ya sel!
@selenagomez i hope ill see you someday  whats up? you are very pretty! have you ever traveld? if so whats it like?
@selenagomez i miss texas too  how are you?!
@selenagomez i really wanna call u but when i tried that write number not in use. Oh sadly 
@selenagomez i really wanna go to Texas. I want to go and stay with my fam for the summer but my rents aren't up for it  wat part r u from
@selenagomez i saw ur WOWP trailer, nice and also a little scary 
@selenagomez i talk about you all the time...but in a good way. does that mean i have a small mind? 
@selenagomez i tried.... but nope. no get through 
@selenagomez I went to the house where you were filming but they said you weren't there anymore, and i had an awesome card for you!  ahaha
@selenagomez i'm cryin' right outside!!!   but i'm happy because you answered me. thanks!!
@selenagomez i'm crying i can't hear you 
@selenagomez im sad cuz i wont be able to watch you on Jimmy Fallon tonight       
@selenagomez i'm so sad  i couldn't listen to you. have a good night!! God Bless
@selenagomez I'm sorry that happend  I made joey a fansite. myspace.com/joeykingofficalfansite I'm just waiting for her to add me haha
@selenagomez I'm trying, but it's not working  haha
@selenagomez in Spain it doesn't premiered yet 
@selenagomez in that case my music would be very bluesy 
@selenagomez Indiana? That's cool, just don't come here...it's SNOWING RIGHT NOW!!! 
@selenagomez indiana?? indiana jones??  can you tell me what it is?
@selenagomez is your album really not coming out until september??  i WANT IT NOW! lol. i know it will be awesome &amp; do so well!  xxxxx
@selenagomez it is sooooo hard to get ahold of youuu!! 
@selenagomez I've been trying to call your say now, but it won't work. 
@selenagomez no that's MY song... 
@selenagomez Oh, I'm sorry it got leaked!!!!!!!! 
@selenagomez ohh I can't call you for the Saynow!!! aaahh!!!! 
@selenagomez omg selena gomez and demi lovato are in toronto ! too bad i didnt get to them   please come back soon ! 
@selenagomez omg, im so sorry about your blog  the internet is so unsafe these days. those idiots. i hope you'll be okay !
@selenagomez sel,june 4th was my birthday.please say something.its over tough 
@selenagomez Selena whenever I close my eyes your w/me but then when I open my eyes your nowhere in sight which is sad for me 
@selenagomez Selly i`m begging you. please replay to me. you`ll make my day. please please  i love you sooooooo much!!
@selenagomez Selly i`m begging you. please replay to me. you`ll make my day. please please  i love you sooooooo much!!!!!!
@selenagomez Selly i`m begging you. please replay to me. you`ll make my day. please please  i love you sooooooo much!!!!!!!!
@selenagomez Selly i`m begging you. please replay to me. you`ll make my day. please please  i love you sooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!
@selenagomez Selly i`m begging you. please replay to me. you`ll make my day. please please  i love you sooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@selenagomez that doesn't sound like any fun....it stinks not having your bff around 
@selenagomez to who? um it would be pretty cool if you did come to aussys capital for up...and i should study for history..yay!! 
@selenagomez we called you like 5000000 times, but neither of those were answered  ..we'll try next timee. hopefully it will work  &lt;333333
@selenagomez went to the house you were filming at today, too bad you weren't there.  have a safe trip!
@selenagomez what is it about that makes u soo sad? 
@selenagomez whats wrong? 
@selenagomez when does your album come out seriously im gonna die if it doesnt! 
@selenagomez Where in different time zones, 
@selenagomez ya i luv p!nk 1 of my fav songs its sad duo 
@selenagomez You on Jimmy Fallon show last night? i cant watch you coz im in Indonesia..so sad..but im still looking on youtube 
@selenagomez You really miss your BFF girl.. 
@selenagomez you will dinner with the plain white t's? are you fucking kidding me? i want to go too, its not fair 
@selenagomez_ poor selena...  have fun with joey!
@selenao04ever0o @lovatorock guys i want 2 tell u something REALLY REALLY important where r u  ?
@selenaxjonas Awee, not fair  Im sorry.
@SeleneH lol do ur HW!! im bored watching the tonight show... how my baby johnny doin??? i miss him 
@Selestina118 i am not that tech savvy 
@selfexile True. I had to update because my phone was VERY buggy and slow. A flop flagship 
@Selfish_Meme i'm not a stalker  
@SelfishMom I'm sure   Is everything okay now?
@SelfMade2K9 Mannnnnnn I've been better... Damn BULLS broke my heart tonite..  Wus good wit chu amigo??
@selfproduction No  Some internet shipping clients allow for it, but mostly it's a trip to the post office.
@SelfReflection HI? wha- my head not working good 
@SelfSymmetry I dont think so 
@SelGomezTeam I Love Selena Iam Happy You Make A Site About Her I Have One And It Got Detele 
@selinacarrera i WAS but it stsarted raining and we got a late start  which means we all still have a chance to go...ill let u kno!
@selkieskin Oh, I *hate* that! Once it's swollen, it's like impossible to quit biting it. 
@sellelonimous So you're not gonna go to school tomorrow? 
@sellygee I MISS YOU GURL! 
@SellySelina i know it's going to sound really sexist, but i just don't find ladies tennis exciting enough. sorry 
@sellytapgirl Awww.  Well...Boston has room and the Boston Ballet is always looking for  new talent!!!
@selphiebooyaka make me a sandwich too plz 
@selphiebooyaka no.  it's blink/weezer. idk if fob will be there hmm
@selstar Haha, retro moment! I'm pretty certain I'll get the job, it went really well. Meg? She's fine, she's dreading going back to uni 
@Selth It's just a little one in Nottingham on UKFurs' regional forums. 
@selves Oh! Sadness. 
@selves remember that the run for Muncie will be in the middle of the day, need to get used to heat running  I need to take my own advice
@SelvinOrtiz still not working 
@selvinortiz Your blog was very informative. How can @CrowdSpring condone this blatent rip off from another designer... Not cool 
@SelweenaGomez How do you handle a bully who physically and mentally hurts you? I'm being really badly bullied! and need advice 
@selyjonas mean knee sely  I'm hungry what's for lunch?
@Semaj04 i see, i see....yeah i missed the fun. 
@semaphoria we have been in the same boat.  Our oldest daughter has been waking up at night for years.  She snorts and sniffles all night 
@semenovich Great Videop Anna,you look AWSOME.I would love to buy a copy of that Maxim with you in it.They don't sell Russian Maxim here 
@seminolegirl97 And probably crap ATT...but hard to separate the two.  So sorry. 
@semipenguin and he won the race 
@semipenguin EWWWW bugs, ick! you must be bored. i want to go back to sleep *snore* im tired and bored. 
@semipenguin hey sweetie, hows ur afternoon going? i had dinner a bit ago, however its not agreeing with my tummy 
@semipenguin How do I manage to tweet myself 
@semipenguin I know   *hugs*
@semipenguin I miss when it was 24C a few days ago 
@semipenguin I wanted a rainy cloudy day but it went sunny 
@semipenguin try taking a shower while sun burn....not good idea  lol
@semipenguin You're better than me...  I rarely follow a new follower 
@semisara video is for new hardware only. you'll need to find another way to make your dirty home movies. 
@semper69 me too! this is too sad 
@sen0rita brandon smith, but not the one you know lol nobody knows him I can't even find him anywhere 
@Senaida I work all day 
@SenanRocks !!!???  why?
@sendchocolate this is really irritating. i see people i follow's tweets on other sites (ie facebook) but NOT on here 
@Sendoku i want sushi 
@seneca I don't get why you're arguing with me. 
@seneca That's a crying shame.  I never liked the US superheroes, but I do like the French Tin Tin and Asterix. Very high quality.
@Senfaye aw, that sucks  i used to get ear infections all the time.
@Senfaye I get sick whenever I start new medicine. I'm sorry. 
@Sengupta Maybe that explains it. Our syllabus for most stuff (esp. CS) is shit here 
@SenJohnMcCain i â™¥ you! you're my favorite &amp; I wish you would have one for president 
@SenJohnMcCain is there really a ship heading to singapore? 
@SenJohnMcCain it's hard to fight fair when someone is offering to stuff poor peoples wallets. You were right look at the spending now 
@SenJohnMcCain oooh how I wish you were president right now 
@Senorceja it could also mean faggot. 
@SenoritaLicious I know 
@SenorTerrible DUDE!  I CANT B LEEVE I JUST MADE AN ACCOUNT SOOOOOOO BRDEDEDEED WANT A CIG BUT IM BROKEDEDEDE  SAD FACE
@senriquez url is not working 
@senseiphwoar I'm doing so much homework   i want to do fun stuff instead.
@SenselessGenius aw thats sad. i thought he was gna make a comeback. 
@sensible hahaaha i haven't managed to put a new pic on yet my laptop is really slow  i thought u had forgot me 
@sensorykid Yeah...Gabe has always been SO great when going out places. He loves it. That's why I feel so bad not taking him out anymore! 
@sensualelegance Suddenly facebook doesn't want to load for me  Silly thing!
@sensualnymph Haven't heard from you lately.... 
@SensualStories I'm very sorry to hear that.  *hugs* what a terrible way to find out.
@SensualStories wow... such a difficult time for your family.  
@senthilnambi I need a new mobo/processor for mine. its already a year and a half old 
@sentimentalizzy    (haha affected?)
@sentimentalizzy i am, i am! i just got stuck on ep 9. 
@sentimentalizzy it was! however, I am sleeping alone tonight  good thing I did not displease old women along the way.
@sentricmusic No, I believe it was 'a cast-off' 
@seomoz do advanced ranking reports currently not work? wanted to show in my deck 
@SEORockstars    Daron .. LOL!   If you can't tell from my profile photo .. then I have aged terribly  
@Seorse lol. It's one of those headaches that I know if I don't take care if it, it'll be a migraine soon 
@seper611 you spoke to soon 
@SephoraJunkie I know and I was so exicted  but the video/camera looks cool.
@Sephystryx I've been looking about for good stuff to write, but also been doing loads of uni work 
@seppo0010 Well, this would be the 2nd time I've proposed. The first one said yes, and the relationship fell apart! 
@SeptemberUnique I haven't put in the bid yet? U treatin me like a stranger... 
@Sepulchura err reboot  methinks I want be forgetting that now 
@sequinedswan Not true? What?! I mean, it did sound odd, but... really? How disappointing?  How you feeling today, hon? *hugs*
@sequinedswan Oh, love, I'm so sorry  *hugs you tight* What has he said to make you think it's actually over? :| I hope you're okay. x
@sequitasequita one of my co-workers had the same thing happen. he came to work and we were like ....uh maybe u should go home 
@Sera_Bishop exactly thats whats happening... especially when you have a trainee and you cant work with him cos he is just not interested 
@Sera_Bishop They just closed Tower Records in NYC - we have no more pure music shops with broad selections. 
@serafinowicz http://twitpic.com/2wx68 - apologies for the last comment i cant delete it and it seems like its earned me a blocking 
@serafinowicz Not me. And I am very sad. 
@serahhh oh man  sorry, but i'm glad you feel better, love.
@serahhh silber? im so not useful... 
@Seramic no  one more freaking month of school. why is NYC the ONLYYY place that ends school at the end of june ugh. hows those flipflops?
@Seraphina_L No dude. I won't be 21 by your birthday  I'm not turning 21 until September
@seratonation  *hugs* gonna miss you
@serayepa ME ME ME oh wait... damnit i cant 
@serban It asks for a login/password  #wwdc09
@serbellishious 
@serbellishious bwahahaha funny, but i'm still 
@seregon awww no! Hope you feel better soon! 
@serena_willmore  Yeah.. 2 years Wickford and 5 years in Leigh.. Loved it..  Loads of friends down there.. Miss them all 
@serenachoong Aww crud. That sucks. Not with the weekend coming up.  Get well soon yeah!
@Serenaf66 this is right on the tip it feels HUGE  owwies...
@serenajwilliams 
@serenajwilliams i give up on hoping for a response  i hope you have a great day Serena. I will always support you in all that you do
@serenajwilliams The &quot;No Grunting&quot; rule is the dumbest rule of them all..But they should not mess with an athlete and their food either. 
@SerenaRose I...I....I don't know 
@Serendipi its called &quot;sods law&quot; 
@Serendipi oh no  is she ok?
@Serene_Balance Yeah, I know, that's a real tragedy. But as much as technique is helping us getting further in can also take our lives 
@sereneisflash HUH SERENE?! YOU WATCH HANNAH MONTANA ALREADY?!?!?!!?! FUCK YOU 
@serenespot haha yeah! Looks like no trucks tonight 
@SereniTee @zen_devil_duck Thanks! Only took me nearly 7 years... running a caching biz impacts the caching time 
@serenitymeimei lmfao omg person! I would freaking die from teh hot if she did... i heard they hocked a &quot;real&quot; one at the auction 
@SerenityWalk What the heck is Dance Your Ass Off? DWTS is always on against other favorite shows. 
@serescobar i left my phone in Angels car and he went to work...  
@SergeantGutter Yeah.  Poor Robby Rob.
