Working 4 am to 8 am. The whole plan of sleeping a lot beforehand wasnt exactly carried out successfully. Boo 
Working 7 to 7 today.Then Laura is coming over for 1/2 an hour.Wish I could spend more time with her. We're both just to busy right now. 
working 7-11 tonight then off for six days! unless i feel like picking up my shoulder is killing me... cant move my left arm 
working 9-2.. then more work after that  ...
working a double  i so need a better staff.  six more interviews this week
working a double at Texas Roadhouse 
Working a double today 
Working a double today  Come visit me, pleaseee lol
working a full day on a sunday is just a sin. 
Working a funeral today 
Working a Susan's shop...............not too many customers  
Working again  had a good one last nite tho, new trike build took it's first problem free test flight  awesome 
Working again on a beautiful day 
Working again today  God i wanna be out with the sun!!!
working again today. omg im so tired 
Working again.  
Working again. Day 3 of 7. 
Working again... and i'm in a bad mood ... haven't heard from my friend for more than a week and I'm really worried what's wrong 
working again... ziggo line is real bad again  If U can don't use ziggo! The helpdesk is a pain in the ass!
working all day 
Working all day  ugh!
Working all day  ughhh
working all day after  stayin up all nightce drivin from cincinnati at 4 am. 
working all day is no fun 
working all day its to early 
Working all day today... No sunshine enjoyment for me today 
working all day tomorrow! 9:30 am-10 pm. two hour break in between. schweet. 
working all night  gay cunts
working all night  i need a weekend off!
working all weekend  sunny all weekend  = sad at that
working allllllllll weekend..how thrilling..and i have to say bye to goshy on sunday cause she is leaving for poland for 3 months 
Working an 8 hour shift with 3 hours of sleep...I miss FIT 
Working And someone's trash across the street from where im working smells like a rotting corps. God its bad 
Working another weekend away, again 
working at @CongressWaco---preparing to get my allergy shots today 
working at 11 
working at 11pm in the hotel 
Working at 6am is kind of laaaame. 
working at 8:30am...i'm gonna regret this tomorrow morning. 
working at delilited it sucks 
Working at E-Bar allllll day. Upset cause I might miss the Magic game tonight 
Working at Intramuros with a headache..... 
Working at the holding in Zaltbommel, I think it's gonna be a very long day 
working at the hotel this weekend...and I am pooped already. have had only ONE decent night's sleep in over a week! 
working at the HQ. raleigh weather sucks. &quot;HH&quot; is almost finished. my dear exile ... i will always love you. saying good-bye. hurting. 
Working at the mo and it's really boring want to go home 
Working at the mo missing friends bbq. 
Working at uni.. Red Bull and a packet of sultanas for dinner 
working at valente...forgot headphones  7.5 hours to go!
Working at work 
Working away on google appengine. trying to get it to talk to the calendar api. thought it might be easier but not 
Working away while all my friends play 
working bright and early today... boo  oh well i'll be off soon... kinda
Working but feeling very boring at work ... 
Why the heck did Ashley Tisdale beat @MileyCyrus? 
Why the heckkk is it raining  watching he's just not that into you and learning a lot haha
Why the hell 2009 is an El Nino year??   Everything is burning with the heat.. including the heads! xoxoxoxoxo..
why the hell am I awake. 
Why the hell am I UP????  Gaaahhhhhh.  These back to back double shifts are starting to get to me.    G'night! zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
why the hell do people have to make things harder than they acually are :@ 
Why the hell does my picture not show up..  I sad.
WHY THE HELL DOESN'T GROVER HAVE AN AUXILIARY JACK?!?!?! new ipod tho... just cant listen to it in the car i guess. 
why the hell is it asking me for my date of birth?? feckoff tubes 
Why the hell is it so cold in June 
Why the hell is the radiator next to my bed on full heat? Ugh. It's hot enough as it is with the sun on me through the window!!!  So hot 
Why the hell is there NO jobs in Leeds? And everywhere wants experience. I;m screwed. Someone employ me 
Why the hell isn't ghost adventures on the travel channel right now?! This screws up my whole routine! 
Why the hell isn't rachel (not luminous) picking up my calls?  I feel so lonely.
Why the hell r we having Down-Time? We've had it like 170000 times already  anyway, peace to the middleee east you loser twitterific peeps
why the hell won't robert pattinson be on the frigging red carpet.. thats bull shit. sorry, excuse my language. BUT DAMN, 
why the life is just so ... a shet ? 
why the life is so unfair to me?!?!?! 
why the search for a chinese city in google maps gives me the map in chinese?? I am using google.in 
why the wether is so bad and make's me sad   feel kissed xo xo Brity
Why there is such a thing called 'wisdom tooth' ?  http://myloc.me/4qFY
Why this air conditioning turns hot and hotter??geez,I can't slleeepp.and suddenly have stomache 
Why time passes so fast?  u will be leaving me here alone and spend 2 yrs serving the nation soon.. :..( http://myloc.me/2Wq7
Why to I do the things I do.  ...
Why To People Hate Someone They Dont Know? I Can Never Understand That 
why to we, the only school in the world, be in this week.My school is silly  anyway... look on the bright side. When i'm off, u will be in
Why Twitterrific today doesn't update my status on Facebook? 
Why u sad? ----------  JUICYMOana:     Tip: Reply with
Why was it gorgeous and sunny and hot all week only to be cloudy and cool on the weekend?! And it's supposed to rain! 
Why was it not anybody else than Rahul Gandhi 
Why wasn't I born in the 30's? *Sigh* I wish I knew Dean Martin 
Why were they the ILLEST. Dun kno MJ touched that  *my views not those of the BBC/1Xtra* !!
why when im drunk do i end up wearing a certain boys shirt to sleep in 
Why when you buy tickets does there have to be a limit of people? 
why why oh why cant I get myself motivated, this avolition will be the death of me 
why why why am i finishing this history degree? damnnnittttttttt. too deep to switch over to CS  i could do those in my sleep. if i slept!
Why why why why did I leave my shoes outside in the rain!? 
why why why why why why why........ 
Why why why!! There are never enoughhours in my day!!! Can I start tuesday all over again 
Why why why? I just wanna live like a spoil kid 
why won't @ddlovato talk to me? 
why won't anybody follow me 
Why won't anyone in the US rent a car to an 18 year old Australian guy???  
why wont anyone speek to ME?!?!?! ITS SOO ANNOYING! ooops i'm soory  my bad, ahha got to go now night all x
why wont facebook work 
Why won't he talk to me? 
why won't it let me change my pic!!!  
why won't it let me type my email for facebook in opera? 
why wont it let me upload a picture of myself? 
Why won't it stop raining? 
Why won't John Mayer love me? 
Why won't mercurial add the Resources directory in my Titanium project?? anyone else had this problem? 
Why won't my car pass the stupid smog check? I just hope it don't cost too much to fix... 
why wont my flue disappear? 
why wont my ipod come in? 
Why won't my Mac/internet let me attach/upload files? 
why won't my photo work? 
why won't my pic show up 
why wont my picture post 
Why won't my picture work? 
why wont my profile picture work? 
Why won't my Superstition and Paranoid appear on my iTunes library on my comp? They aren't syncing 
why won't my terrible mood FINALLY go away? It's been weeks now 
Why wont my xbox work? 
Why won't people leave me alone??  What have I been missing in Twitterdom?
why wont school just closee 
Why won't some ppl reply back to me...so rude!!! 
Why wont the all american rejects come to england 
why wont the fanfic place send me the password :S:S:S 
why wont the wii get Paperboy on virtual console 
why wont twitter let me have a picture  sassy.
why wont twitter let me post it again ? i keep doing it but then it doesnt show up 
why wont twitter text me? 
Why would he do that to me? I loved his hair! And he went and got it cut  We are sooo not getting married anymore! xP
why would they get rid of my thurs evening pilates class? jerks 
Why would you be stealing bases with a 7 run lead in the 7th? Seriously 
Why ya'll didn't tell me the Rockets play tomorrow and not tonight...man I was ready to watch the game 
why yes, i am following Tom Felton! hahaha... ah.. it's not funny without Niki here 
why you are so far awaaay? 
why you go away  I try and tried and i'm still trying right now, but i really can't let go and give it up. I keep to myself, i miss you 
Why you no call... Did you forget about me? 
why you're really hard to forget?And the most annoying thing bout you is even the little and simple things can remains me of you,sucks .. 
Why!! LeBron why would you let D-How Score 20 on you?  Anyway.. Lakers Vs Magic Woohoo,  Bummer..
Why, despite putting Tweeple in groups, does Tweetdeck seem to display some people's tweets and not others? I keep missing tweets 
Why, why does it have ta be like this? 
why, why is this happening? 
why,why!? what's happening with my phone.. NO SIGNAL?! 
Why. Am. I. Awake. 
Why... WHY won't Papa share his Cap'n Crunch with me? 
WHY...WHY... Why Jinx die! 
why?   it can never last for once in my life 
Why? Can't take a screen shot on my #iPhone lol I can do that until this morning 
WHY? Why can't I get over you? 
Why?.... I feel like my life is going down the drain. Sometimes it feels slow at others so fast. It hurts to know whats gonna happen b4. 
why?why?!! *raises hands to the heavens* stupid implications of the feminine condition... 
why'd my HDD have to brake.. now i have to sift through upwards of 40k files to try to find my data 
why'd she eat all the steak 
'why'd they teach me to follow my dreams when dreams are all they can be?' too true 
Why'd you have to go? 
WHYEEE DO I FEEL LIKE THIS?!  i think i'm sick?
Whymisougly? 
why's everybody sleeping? 
Why's nobody tweeting today?? Is everyone unlucky enough to be at school/ work? I'm ill  i'm not sure if I'm lucky or not LOL
whyu Why is illustrator so idiot UNFRIENDLY 
whyy is my myspacee not lettingg me log in? 
Whyyy are drums so expensiiive?  Anyone wanna give me like $1,200? Hahah
WHYYY is NOVEMBER sooo FAR AWAY  NEW MOON..please come out now!
Whyyyy am i still sick  hopefully staying home....
Whyyyy did Parade the Day break uppp  They're so amazing.
whyyyy does twitter keep going down   
whyyyy is it only 7:10ish in the morning??  On the bright side, I get off two hours early today!
Whyyyy? 
whyyyyy am i awake so early? 
WHYYYYY is precalc so difficult! 
Whyyyyyy did I develop a severe case of insomnia the past 2 nights?? ...exhausted, totally miserable, and hating my allergies 
WHYYYYYY??????? Was Robert Pattinson's account suspended?!?!?!?!? oh no...this is NOT a good day for  me at all 
working but still sleepy 
working by myself on Mon &amp; Tuesdays is so boring... I hate it 
working cancelled flights  !!
working doubles on Fridays leave you with much worse than a hangover the next day 
Working every day next week  sigh.
working everyday from 8-7 should be illegal.   sox&amp;sleep.
Working extra shift tonight...  won't get off until 7am...
Working for a cause. MY BILLS !!! 
Working for the last time before USA woop woop am mighty bored tho 
Working for the next 9 hours  bye twitterland
working for the rest of the day 
working forever  so so sad
Working from @dkunlimited's house since they're filiming a movie next door. His internet is flaky. 
working from 1-9. boo  Ready for my day off!
Working from 3:15-11:30 tonight, with a stop at costuming first. I still have 2 hrs before that bus comes and I am awake and dressed 
working from 4-830 they changed my schedule 
working from home 
working from home because i'm sick today. 
working from home on my day off!!! 
working from home today - need to walk to get food but my work bb is dead  dilemia! need to take it with me hmmm ...
working from home today ...but going to hospital tomorrow  ...ying and yang. Don't ask about hospital, not saying on Twitter!
Working from home today and suffering the frustration of poor VPN access 
Working from home today.  Body is aching all over and getting chills   Has the wrath of the pig finally afflicted me?!
Working from home with sick girl. 
working from home, tending to cat who is ready for journey over the Rainbow Bridge  #fb
Working from home.  House A/C set to 77F.  Why bother going lower?  Can't keep up with the heat due in a couple hours anyway.  
Working from home... radio in the 4Runner is jacked up so it is at the dealers 
Working from home...I don't feel well 
Working from my PC bcz NoteBook is in repair shop. 
Working from the office this morning...What a beautiful sunny day in Dieppe!  I miss Joshua... 
Working FTCAP at Skook...and it's raining.  no walk for me today. http://myloc.me/2tdr
working girl  n its such a pretty day outside!
Working girl all day ....14 hrs fml 
whyyyyyyy am i sick?! 
whyyyyyyy am i still awake? 
whyyyyyyyyyyy does my back hurt? 
Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  I have a hatred for everyone except my mum right now! She's the best! &lt;3
whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy -  http://tumblr.com/x6y1wtpty
WI opening disappointed me 
wÎ±tching seÎ±son 10 of friends ! cÎ±nt sleeep   .. i think i miss someonee
wicked cramps 
Wicked, my DVB-S tuner card has arrived. Although not sure I'll be able to get it all set up ready for the FA Cup final tomorrow 
Wide awake and grouchy as fuck. 
Wide awake at 3AM! 
Wide awake for no reason. 
Wide awake now. But still bored 
Wide awake!! Nothinggg on tv. 
Wide awake. Wishing I wasn't. Damn nightshift routines. Got turned down for the job in Nashville  oh well ...
Wien airport. I still dont know what to get for daddy 
Wife &amp; I split duties tonight.Wife headed to OSU for daughter's ath trng rcption. I'm at son #1's school paper banquet.Can't make both. 
Wife &amp; I talked last night, Gonzo's gonna have to go. Dog's neurotic since Kai was born &amp; snaps if provoked. He needs a no-kids house. 
Wife advises: We need money by Friday 
Wife and daughter were at this mall when it hit. . .  http://bit.ly/pLzAK  Daughter said she'd prefer another heart surgery 
Wife bought me the shirt &quot;I'm huge on Twitter,&quot; then told me to get a life   LOL
Wife can't tell the difference between AM and PM movie times... See you tomorrow Captain Kirk 
Wife got a text from a friend asking if we wanted to go to the preview of Transformers II in Leicester Square tonight. She replied 2 late 
Wife ill, cancelled trip to wedding for an old friend 
Wife is dragging me off to go shopping today. Please pray that God gives me stamina! Only one vehicle so escape is impossible! 
working hard all day meant very little twitter time. 
working hard as always on TNARevolution.com, think it's time for some sleep as i've work in 7 hrs 
working hard as usual - my Boss is back from a weeks vacation - lots for me to do  
Working Hard for Finals this week 
Working hard on my music website (Version 3  )
Working heading to Waco.. Yipee 
working in &quot;3-days-to-paper-submission&quot; mode - 7am to midnight with breaks for lunch and dinner - 80 hours to my flight and so much to do 
working in 8 hours 
Working in a 90 degree temp. area instead of a 67 degree really bites. Hopefully it'll be fixed for tomorrow... Oh so tired 
Working in a shop while there is a reccession going on is not fun.     Sadtimes.
Working in a very empty, cold and draughty office 
Working in box till 3ish  but i found a radio i just might make it
working in Earling , Iowa the smallest city on earth. The do not have a gas station or fast food rasturant....NO RESTROOMS ANYWHERE 
working in London this week - missing Kevin, Kieran and wee Finlay - first time leaving him 
working in office 
working in office on a weeknd ...... 
Working in office... Need to work on presentation too 
working in optical for 2 weeks 
Working in Sonoma this weekend. I'm missing a million birthday parties in LA. 
Working in the 85 degree tanning salon until 3 
Working in these temperatures is not fun  Sure, I'm outside, but it's ABSOLUTELY boiling 
working inside all day on this sunny hot beautiful day 
working inventory!!!!! 
Working isn't fun when you are by yourself 
Working it up this beautiful saturday 
Wife is in bed... all about her tomorrow. Looks like i'll have to wait to get lucky 
Wife is out of town for the weekend! That means party time!! Aka I become the soccer mom 
Wife just looked up and told me the outcome of a tennis match I'm watching  #fropen
Wife no 1 will not get StarTrek:TOS out on DVD 'cause she only like the modern crap. I'm fed up with those preening ponces on ST:VOY 
Wife won't let me have bright yellow orange and grey shorts. She's such a meanie  ........(don't really want them,velcro fly)
Wifey is not feeling well right now. 
Wifey is not happy. This is her&gt;&gt;   cos i went back to sleep instead of helping out with kids. /sits on naughty stair.
Wifey making me dins. Love love love her! My throat hurts like a bad word though 
Wifi at home fails so hard. 
WIFI is dead... i'm getting really angry :/ no twittering for me tonight, then.. 
Wifi is not free in my hotel.  
Wifi net connection in the office = FAIL! 
Wifi not reaching back porch 
wifi wÃ¡ sucks 
Wig buying went well! Love my new blonde hair but I wanted a long black curly one! 
Wii Fit Day 47. Hang over prevented Wii this morning.  Late night work meant I wasn't home til near midnight.  15 min walk then sit-ups. 
wii sports says I am a 70 yr old whose only redeeming quality is the ability to throw a punch 
Wikipedia has gone  forever! See what the goverment do its there fualt lets hope donations or something bring it back !!
wiL Francis is married and having a baby in october. however aiden are fucked 
Wild ass, crazy, sto0pid bored at school. I'm pretty much alone 
Wild forest art in Victoria http://brunosart.com No visitors allowed for now 
Will &amp; Grace isn't on 
Will b arriving Fayetteville, NC @ 3:30am Sunday. Funeral's Saturday but a bus ticket's all I can afford rite now... 
will b goin 4 an haircut later on as nwadays kept wakin up wif hair drenched in sweat.  http://plurk.com/p/szuop
will b travellin all day 2morrow,hve 2 pack n hve 2 work coz im not a human nemore seemingly,but sum kinda robot 
Will be at work in 12 hours 
will be away for a week 
Will be away from 6 - 12 June for Work, going to Lourdes, tried to upload a video explaining but YT keeps giving me errors when uploading 
Will be back in Dallas tomorrow. 
Will be back to school tomorrowww 
Will be boarding Chennai today and will be there till Saturday. Limited access to emails and net 
will be car-less this week due to the accident 
Will be going to the Cool Springs Galleria today, why is there never an Armani Exchange within driving distance of me!? 
will be home with my sick little girl today 
will be honest. am sad and miss being in hull. my time there flew by too fast, mom was right. you look forward for so long, then done. 
will be in uni although today is a public holiday! 
will be kinda busy na becoz  schools back!!!! http://plurk.com/p/xeb4u
Will be logging off really soon. I need to exercise. Flabs around arm areas getting worse. 
will be missing church and everything else today  stupid cold!
will be missing sch on monday to weds  so many things i'll miss! Again. I wish school has make up lessons.
Will be missing sessions again 
will be moving to Cainta later. I think there's no internet there yet. Am gonna miss doing this  http://plurk.com/p/12b8zm
Will be near @buckheadchurch this Sunday. Would also go to Courageous, but no one to take me  @courageous
Will be on USA soil in about 7 1/2 hours. By Europe 
will be out for the weekend...  http://plurk.com/p/x3lhq
will be out to eat.  I hate being here at home, all alone.  
Will be pretty boring watching the match today as it means nothing =/ Couldn't the title chase have at least gone to the least day! 
will be scouring coalville to get her laptop fixed. Grrr 
Will be squatting 290 and benching 210 today.  Both weights I haven't done in a long time.  I hope I don't get crushed. 
Will be the only APEX user NOT at Mike's 4.0 presentation this afternoon - watching the booth. 
will be torn for years to come with David Letterman &amp; Conan on at the same time. 
will be wearing wellies for Oasis tomorrow I think 
WILL catch up on the hustler club. gahh i feel like i missed a lot.  i hate not coming on. screw homework, THC is more important.
Will caught the kitchen on fire 
will close plurk tab first. Gah.  http://plurk.com/p/112pzd
Will cry if @tommcfly @Dannymcfly @dougiemcfly and @mcflyharry don't play T4 On The Beach this year  :'(
will definitely miss BF maiko  hahaha  pwede pasalubong London Bridge? nyahahaha
Will didn't win 
Will do. God rest her precious soul. 
Will drive to the office. It's raining! And I must change tires of my car today...  - http://bkite.com/0781P
will edit sailor fuku ni onegai now  http://plurk.com/p/y1t7o
Will fasting to eat sushi in 9month.. oh NO!!!!! 
will ferrell was on the tonight show?! i missed it. 
will get to spend some time with @lvnkeith who is working all week and doing a craft show about 3 hours away this weekend   we hustle
will go somewhere where in no one can see me 
will go this week to some events she doesn't want to go!!!  I want Coheed and Cambria back
will go to a specialist for knees tomorrow.. maybe he can say anything.. -.-' nobody knows what's wrong with it... since august 
will go to pampanga tomorrow and possibly go on a 3-4day vacation  ka-banas T.T
will go to thane today... yuppy .. and will come back to pune on friday 
will go to the beach tomorrow!!! bye bye skin tone. 
Will go to the media markt now, wish you a wonderful stunning day. Here it begins to thunder and I'm afraid of thunderstorms 
Will have a job interview Wednesday for a more challenging job (in Amsterdam   )
Will have finished exams in no time... I hope 
will have to ake food now  but im not hungry. stupid fuckign medication *flips the bird at tablet*
will have to pop into the newsagent on the way to work now, dont want to go in  wanna stay home and look after my little  man
will i ever be ok again?! i can't eat, sleep or breathe and it feels like i am drinking away my life.... oooooh, hurts so much 
Will I ever be the exception  I should have never seen that movie
will i ever find a dress for this weddin in two weeks?!?!? im beginin to think not 
Will I ever get a lie in!? Doesn't seem so 
will i ever get my m&amp;g pics? 
Will I ever learn to remember when my watched items end on eBay? 
Will I ever not be sick? 
Will it rain again? I hope it does otherwise, I am pretty sure, I would self-combust.. 
will leave jakarta until wednesday, aah males ke jambi 
will leave Pampanga after a few minutes.  http://plurk.com/p/10zm31
will lose grade in LP , Indic , DC ....   
Will miss @howfrantastic @james_john @theshyguy this weekend 
will miss a lot later...  http://plurk.com/p/ytv33
Will miss bia once she leaves 
will miss java class later. have to work overtime 
will miss K... 
Will miss Moon Pie Fest in Bell Buckle today.  Work 11-9... I want to live here when Matt and I move out! http://www.bellbucklechamber.com
will miss my shorts and barong shirt. 
Will miss our dog very much. 
will miss out on his morning walk with Indie today  will make up for it tomorrow.
will miss reading everyones tweets for a couple of days. Off to hospital tomorrow - bit scared  
Will most likely not be getting her car today after all. . . sad.  now I have to make seth miserable for another few days 
will mostly be in a boiling classroom with a bunch of noxious teens all day. Nice 
Will my bus ever come 
will never forget to bring tennis shoes to work again. 
will never ride another scooter again! 
will never understand life.  plz pray 4 jason &amp;&amp; the chandler family
will never wash the face paint off 
Will not have any internet until the 12th. 
Will not have fam sleepin in the dark....sorry if you feel differently 
will not run today my achilles tendon is fugged up help 
Will not step on the weighing machine in short term, not till I really get full force in gym 
will not swim  its the time of the month.. don't you hate it when that happens?
Will now have a dvd marathon with myself. 
Will probably crack 100 followers today. Will probably be a porn spammer  Do most peeps block or just ignore fake/spam/porn followers?
will probs not be able to return comments til tuesday  welll maybe before depends how the studying for history goes ï¿½ï¿½
will read colour purple now 
Will really no one visit me in Manchester? Even if I have a super swanky pad? 
will rest now. Naoverwhelm yung katawan ko sa morning class.  Goodnight everyone. http://plurk.com/p/11njig
will sleep in a while . sick 
will sleep na, bye!!  Happy Father's Day to your Dads!
Will sleep now... Tomorrow starts the LAST week in school  Kind of sad!
will somebody feed me?? i'm soo hungry 
will someone pls say anythin 2 me!?! its my b-day...  
Will stuck at Sheraton all day for THE 6TH ASEAN LEADERSHIP FORUM...   http://bit.ly/hzXZE
will take a shower now. sigh! i wish everything would turn out the way it should be; not just how i want it to be. 
Working late again 
Working late sucks really effecting amount of poker im getting to play 
Working late tonight  although I'm not really bothered... I WILL survive
working late tonight, not gonna make it to the #augbe meeting 
Working like crazy 
working like whoa...  sore throat is killing me.  I need a ricola.
Working long hours on a manuscript. I need a drink, but no one is available  On the bright side, Passion Pit show is in five days!
Working maintenance again. That 9:30 conference call comes early.  #fb
Working missing mini ! Someone come save meeeeeeeeee 
working my ass of and not getting anything done 
working my ass off all day and night 
working my life away today  wishing that everything will start getting better soon
working my way through this casualties discography.  have to pull weeds later  ...
Working offline all day. Finally getting use of Gmail offline. Answering tons of personal emails, mostly from blog readers. Late to reply 
working on @Digital_Gurl 's design  Firefox Safari Google Chrome all worked except IE 
Working on @tiffanypink's pictures and waiting on some yard-salers to get here.  I just want to get rid of all this stuff!
working on 3 hours of sleep suckkkkkkkkkkkks 
working on a beautiful day 
Working on a dossier for cultural communication. Trying something creative and make it like it's a book. Deadline tommorow however 
Will the debris of the Air France plane crash ever be found? 
Will the M's give me a win in my attendance tonight? So far I am 1 for 10 win:losses when I attending M's game. Sad  
Will the rain please stop, it's gonna make me sleepy at work. 
Will the warmth ever be here to stay?/ I need sun, have a low vit d deficiency 
WILL THEY JUST CANCEL TERMS??!! IT'S CAUSING ME SO MUCH DISTRESS!!   
Will this &quot;thing&quot; ever go away?! I'm - literally - sick of it 
will this achieve anything? probly not  @AlexAllTimeLow @JackAllTimeLow @AlexAllTimeLow @JackAllTimeLow @AlexAllTimeLow @JackAllTimeLow
Will this cut fit me?   http://twitpic.com/7syoz
Will this get through ? Do I care anymore ? not sure.  I'm disappointed &amp; pissed off  now 
will this laptop boot by itself - or will I have to tamper with it  - Norton is a pig of a program - avoid it at all costs
will to give up... f*ing chemistry and germany... I'm such tired, I don't know how can I take two about them. I hate myself... 
Will traffic levels ever come back to normal? Very unlikely. Caught in heavy Bangalore B2B traffic 
will try to convince herself to go to the adviser office tomorrow 
will try to get some rest...sleep...get well...  http://plurk.com/p/owcjv
will we EVER transcend above and beyond race... 
Will you guy's keep voting for her and ask u'r followers to help to. Only 4days left before competitions close. 
willem dafoe scares me 
William just killed a bumble bee  They are an ENDANGERED species you stupid idiot. We are not related...
Williams 6; Francis 3 --- Pls, let my BF stop being moody 
Willow seems almost better! Harper sounds worse  off to the Drs...
Wiltssy isnt interested in me nemore 
Wimbledon is killing me. First Sharapova yesterday - Del Potro today.  Enough of this - gone to play my own tennis match. Haha.
Wimbledon without Rafa Nadal will be boring.  As long as Fed doesn't win, I guess I'll deal with it.
Wimbly draw is tomorrow. This should be fun for us Ana fans. *sigh* She will get Masha in the 3rd round, just watch. 
win 7 is pissing me off now. cant connect to the internet anymore  o and the same goes for my PS3!!! my laptop works fine though
Win Mobile 6.5 is nice but is not working well on G900  I'll install WM6.1
winchester hospital owns my life. ANDDD im so upset liss told me george is no longer on greys  ughhh so miserableee.
WIND + SUNNY WARM DAY = ANNOYING.....I DO NOT LIKE WIND!!! 
wind is annoying 
WinDays birds, prepare for English weather in Opatija   tinyurl.com/225x4l
Windies faltered away a good start 
Window shopping is torture!!!! Especially when you're trying to save money but the temptation to buy is killing you 
Windows 7 - Not bad but it wount even dowload programs not supported  dam MSN
Windows 7 Free upgrade may launch on June 26? http://windows7upgradeoption.com/Landing.aspx - Just bought a new PC last week 
Windows 7 isn't as bad as some people made out. Its much better than Vista. Gutted it's only a beta now tho  Ohwells.
Windows Home Server RDC always times-out and i got tired 
windows mobile doesnt allow me to write the stack pointer 
Windows Vista can't initialize my old IDE hard drive connected via a USB to IDE adapter!  I really need to find a way to recover my data!
Windows Vista is giving me errors on installing MTP driver! :@ I can't use my Nokia N96 with PC Suite.  I want to backup my contacts!!
windows7 starts to crash alot, fails loading, load prog/even normal win expl very slow since yesterday 
WindowsIT Pro took away my archive digiatal magazine page! looks like it been replaces with a new digital delivery system  damn it
WindowsIT Pro took off my archive digiatal magazine subscription list ! looks like it been replaces with a new digital delivery system. 
Wind's ripping in SF bay. 24 - 27. Observing on the web on a rainy night in Boston.. 
windsor races yesterday - put 10 quid - at loss of 8.5 
Windstream Internet is still down.  I was on the phone with them an hour yesterday! What to do today without Internet?!?
Windy day in NY, but have to work  Anyone getting it on??? via http://twibes.com/group/kiteboarding
windy day in pattaya thailand... today i am feeling bad, eat something worng yesterday.. couldnt go to a show in the morning..  
WINE.....CHEESE....AND STRAWBERRIES...MMMMMMMM.  IF ONLY I HAD SOMEONE TO SHARE IT WITH 
Wingman Day 09B..  waste of time.
Wings lost this afternoon in the third overtime session.  
Wingstop, now n later frozen yogurt, a movie turned into a nap, and a long talk.. my last thursday w/ Babe for awhile 
WingyPie : Too HOT to put my House Coat and my Fluffy Slippers on!  Boo hoo! Ribena is the Devil! X
Winksy jst woke me up. He had a nightmare.  poor thing... Wonder if @lonemat 's ellies ever have them? *Continues cuddling with Winksy*
Working on a great Sunday     Oh well there will be others.  That's life; you deal with what you have and don't bitch (too much) . . .
working on a late sunday night.... 
working on a monologue 
Working on a new TIM solution, moving to Madalena Ville and without my car 
Working on a new website today ' MBKphotos .co.uk' .My next plan.... Problem with ' Adobe Contribute' connecting to server at the moment 
working on a paper... 
working on a powerpoint presentation for work with lots of excel diagrams..just don't have time and peace for this kind of work in office 
working on a project due on tuesday!! blaaah 
Working on a reading response due tomorrow at noon when all I really want to do is hang out with my friends. Again. 
Working on a real nice Monday morning tension headache 
Working on a remix of a new band I'm diggin' tomorrow. It'll be a crappy cut since I'm a poor Acapella maker. 
working on a saturday 
working on a saturday  i guess you have to make sacrifices to win.
working on a saturday afternoon 
working on a saturday morning 
working on a saturday sucks 
working on a saturday sucks  wish i could take a nap
Working on a Saturday. Because that's what I do when my family leaves town 
Working on a set of cracked ribs from incessant coughing.  I think I have kennel cough 
Working on a song, this is taking ages i can't seem to get it right. It's missing something 
working on a sunday  @stefanromanu promissed it would be just a little work. dough!
Working on a sunday too... 
working on a Sunday..    Went to Kabb for lunch with Neyn..  Probably go for Indian food at Punjabi later in the evening
Working on a sunny Sunday 
Winston stepped on a bee; got stinger out, had to wrap his foot. We are all very sad... Especially him. 
winston sucks. wants to go back home 
winter in sydney with @raspberryx and @joselomvg last year 
Winter is def' here aint it......that sucks 
WINTER is here - Cold time 
winter is here &amp; i'm freezing my ass off! 
winter is near  it's getting so so so cold...
Winter shopping day is today??? Big sale? Crap! Akhir bulan. Duit seret. Tapi ingiiiiiiin 
Wipe le two. Activated hardmode &amp; promptly died. Too little healing, people confusing directions, no killing sparks. Our healers, L2P plz 
Wipeout isn't as fun without @coreybaskin 
wired up on waffles, cake and coffee. now back to thesis writing. while it's sunny outside. My milky-white appearance in still intact. 
wired up on waffles, cake and coffee. now back to thesis writing. while it's sunny outside. My milky-white appearance is still intact. 
wireless connection is acting funny here... So I can't really use my laptop. I'm on IE on my grandparents really slow computer 
wireless not working 
Wisdom 4U:Sushi with Ikea Chocolate chaser binge NOT recommended.Seemed right in the moment 
Wisdom teeefie  be back later with my mouth blown up like a chipmunk! Yay :|
Wisdom teeth are coming out.  First I need to have a consult then make an app. Bleh. Silver lining: Time to stock up on Ciao Bella!
Wisdom teeth are getting pulled tomorrow at 8:30 in the morning. FML!!!! No fun for me for awhile 
wisdom teeth consultation 
Wisdom teeth leave me alone 
wisdom teeth out tomorrow  scareddd
wisdom teeth SUCK! 
wisdom teeth surgery = nausea and pain, plus no solid food or human contact for a couple weeks 
wisdom tooth &amp; new fillings are giving me pain 
Wisdom tooth cutting again.. Need bonjela. 
Wisdom tooth definitely hurts 
Wisdom tooth is being an evil son of a bitch. My cheek is swollen &amp; parts of it are numb, but of cooourse the bits that hurt aren't numb! 
Wisdom tooth is pissing me off (to the max) but I'm scared to get it taken out 
Wisdom tooth pain day 5. 
wisdom tooth pain is back ,here we go again with this shit 
wish all these portugese porch monkeys would stop creating a racket outside over their dumb parade, and I'm half portugese to boot 
wish dad would hurry up with shopping, so hungry! revision day today 
wish dapat ice sking with ROCKBABY 
Wish everyone a very happy and safe weekend! Rainy and damp here in NY,guess no cooking out chicken on the grill tonight 
wish he wasnt out partying! im lonely and cold tonight 
Wish i  was going to the parade tomorrow 
Wish I brought some warmer clothes. It's chilly here.  only negative thing about the trip (&amp; the no sun which is connected to chilliness)
wish I can go to the Roots pinic 
Wish i can just hang out like that w/ my Fave..   Good night!
Wish I can write again. 
Wish i cood go 2 Dreamz 2nite. But im n Philly 
wish I could afford an Iphone 
wish i could b a Playboy Bunny 
Wish i could bbm you guys 
wish i could be @ bamboozle. 
wish i could be @ the SHM Pacha opening 
wish i could be at church. 
Wish I could be at Elliott's 
wish i could be at novarock 
wish i could be at the TX concert  #BTS
wish i could be doing something fun but homework it is. ugh.. 
Wish I could be in San Bruno for the fkcn picnic 
Wish I could be in SF tonight...Brian Greenberg in town for one night and I can't go cause I got class @ 7pm ugh 
Wish I could be in the sun 
Wish I could be out on bristol's biggest bike ride 
wish i could celebrate fathers day with my daddy but hes not here  can you be my daddy? lol jk
wish i could celebrate mothers day with my mummy 
Wish i could do something for matt 
wish i could download songs for it, but we cant get xbox live 
wish i could drink alcohol 
wish i could drop by asj to kick some ass for @emparkerrr , But instead I have to go to WORK   
Wish I could fall asleep. I am so tired.  #fb http://myloc.me/6nH
Wish i could find Pastors like Jay Bakker and other's ive met on here in Boston 
wish i could game some more tonight but feeling like crap right now 
Wish I could get a job with a church full-time. But....I'm too young 
Wish I could get my APC40 to work! 
Wish I could get something pierced today with everybody 
wish i could get u 
Wish I could give my dad a hug for Fathers Day, he lives 1500 miles away though   getting stuff together to cook out!
wish i could go 2 bed but i dont feel good!! 
wish i could go back 
Wish I could go lend my support and generally celebrate at N'ville Pride today...gotta work  Sending out a big &quot;Ya'll Go!&quot;
Wish I could go on skype...too afraid ill get caught 
wish i could go see that harry potter tour 
Wish i could go swimming....but that dream was shot down 
Wish I could go to bed, or just chill, but I gotta do schoolwork.  Looking forward to Wednesday. Off work and school!
Wish I could go to IMATS. 
Wish I could go to The Roots picnic this weekend!!!!   I bet is gonna jump HARD!!!!
Wish I could go to try and meet JLS again tomorrow  oh well! Another time!
wish i could go with him 
Wish i could golek golek on my Aussino covers some more but duty calls 
wish i could have curly hair. oh wish i could. instead of wavey crap. 
Wish I could have finished the puzzle. 
Wish i could have my picture back twitter 
wish i could have voted for the european parliament today 
Wish i could homie b 
Wish I could host a wedding planning event in NJ. Shame I don't have a space. 
Wish I could jet off to Europe right now 
Wish I could make @thefabians David Miliband event this evening 
wish i could move away from this secluded little island....so bad. 
wish I could nap after only 4 hours of sleep last night  ugh...no time though
Wish I could remap the Fn and Ctrl keys on my Ideapad... 
wish i could remember my facebook password!! this is prolly the 4th time i've had to reset it!! sad day vry sad day 
wish i could see my dad for father's day.  i hope he has a ducky day tho!
wish i could see the wilco concert 
Wish I could sleep with Goldie tonight then I'd hold him so tight. Love you so much, My Baby Cat 
Wish I could SLEEP, but I have to learn for my exam tomorrow. 
Wish I could smoke at home! 
Wish I could spend another day enjoying this weather rather than working 
Wish I could spend Mother's Day with the mum. 
wish I could start this day over. woke up with headache, missed boot camp as a result, stomach is iffy, and my commute was 1 hr 15 mins. 
Wish I could stay at @aprealbrooke's 
Wish I could stay in town to watch it rain  http://myloc.me/5gI2
wish i could sue my entire neighborhood for loud speakers 
Wish I could take my brothers place in the hospital 
Wish I could test @gnattress tungsten updates for the @redone . I'm shooting red with tungsten tonight. 
Wish I could train my dog to fetch me soup 
Wish I could upload the pictures but internet has been down for 3 hours or so. Not so nice. 
wish I could watch @KalebNation's blogtv show but am at uni, mixing tracks 
wish i could watch the dang myv movie awards 
wish i could watch the mtv movie awards so i could see the new moon trailer 
Wish I could work from home today; nothing will be going on here 
Wish I could. I'll be in class.  @jimmyjosh
wish i cud be round the shake 2nyt 
Wish I cud wear a skirt like u could, my legs are too skinny to wear one 
wish i didn't chip my tooth 
wish i didnt have class til 10 tonite 
Wish i didnt have to clean. 
wish I didnt have to do work today 
Wish I didn't have to get out of bed for work  Lighting shift at the classic anyone...............
Wish i didnt have to go to work 
Wish I didn't have to move   Oh well, can't stay there anymore
wish i didn't have to work today .. could of been outside getting a tan ! 
wish i didn't have work today  do damn nice outside
Wish I had a 360 
Wish i had a bigger van   Lots of work has come in 
wish i had a blackberry 
WISH I HAD A BOO, WE WOULD GO TO THE BAR AND TELL EACH OTHER HOW WE LOVE BEING TOGETHER 
wish i had a chance 2 get a face to face addition for &quot;the last song&quot;  just guess dat wasnt 4 me  maybe next time
wish I had a cpu 
Wish i had a crew for Rose Bowl...  *alesha*
Wish I had a gf! 
Wish i had a magic carpet so i cud fly into the sunset 
wish i had a PC so i could learn C# 
Wish I had a real excuse for not doing any work 
wish I had a solution. I hate not having AC in the gulf coast. no sleep in this heat and humidity makes me sad  what to do what to do?
Wish I had a suga daddy right now so I can buy pre-sale Tiger Army tix!!! 
Wish i had a warm bedroom or even a warm bed...The electric blanket just isn't warm enough 
Working on a weekend again.....yeah ?!?  
Working on an iphone game project - OS3 introduced bugs 
Working on cars with Blake. I'm fucking hungry. 
working on chemistry 
Working on class stuff in Anaheim! 
Working on EE3001 Assignment, have been since yesterday morning  I've had about as much Bessel, Butterworth and Chebyshev as I can take.
Working on finishing as much as I can for heru.  Doin' this all by myself sucks.
working on holiday 
working on homeworkk 
working on hot shot trailer 
Working on MAFPD conference - doing data entry 
working on monday 
working on my All About Me speech... ugh. 
working on my book and realized i might have to cut out an entire chapter. 
Working on my day off  meh, more money towards my macBook
Working on my english horror story! 
working on my english project, i have to make a children's myth for 5th graders explaining something.... blah 
working on my essay. ugh. 
working on my exam essey. just want to get it done with so i can get a break from school over the summer. But im just getting started.. 
Wish I had an iMac 
Wish I had an mp3 player for walks. 
Wish I had an open bkyrd &amp; a bif hammock to lay up in right now 
Wish I had been back home in LA for the earthquake.  They're so much fun if you've never been in one!
Wish i had been pimpin out the ride with THE pimp herself and tor 
Wish i had clapper lights...i dont wanna get up to turn the light off 
Wish i had clapper lights...i dont wanna get up to turn the light off  http://tinyurl.com/kn4ktq
Wish I had Compiz zoom functionality for my eyes. 
Wish I had drunk myself into next year last night. Then at least I'd have a reason to feel soooo unwell.. Can't get out of bed. 
wish i had money to go to coachella! darn...i guess i have to keep wishing 
Wish I had more than 26 days left on my Unity trial. It's going to suck when it expires and I can't afford to buy a copy outright. 
wish I had more time on my hands these days. Seems like I can only see two groups of people a week. And I have more groups than that! 
Wish I had more time to be detailed this #FF but I am busy.  Forgive me, friends, for not saying how each of you do it for me!
Wish I had more time to catch up with all my friends...I miss you all 
Wish I had my golf clubs 
Wish i had my i love lucy dvd here at my moms  Im in the mood to laugh, i luv oldies music, movies, and tv shows... &quot;luuuucy&quot; lOl
wish i had my ipod to listen to my music on the way to reno wednesday, 13 hour trip with no devendra, animal collective or grizzly bear 
Wish I had my mom today.... Just about 17 years since she's gone.... 
wish i had noms... 
Wish i had some breakfast   
Wish I had some money on the Belmont yesterday   Paid out 11:2:1  But I would have never guessed Summer Bird
Wish i had someone who could take me out driving   Car is coming on Sunday!
wish i had something to do 
wish i had studied harder for french 
wish I had the guts like joey does when someone try to share his food, but this is not about food 
wish i had tomorrow off... cos i thought all weekend i did.. until i checked the roster again.. and it confirmed that i didnt. 
wish i had twitter on my phone 
wish I hadn't bothered coming to uni early, there's nowhere to print 
Wish i hadnt moved back! 
wish I knew as much as I thought I did 
wish i knew how to do this better i read everyone elses and im just rubbish!!! 
wish i knew how to play the guitar 
Wish I knew how to play the guitar... 
Wish i knew how! Ugh....losing money is NOT a good feeling! Me dont know how to play 
wish I knew how/if I could text from my phone. then I could tweet while out and about. got to town and they didn't have the part. 
Wish I lived in Manchester, Birmingham or anywhere else UK... bmth tours this October, NOT in the states 
working on my exam, boooring 
Working on my homework.. I am missing all the MTV movie awards.. this sucks 
Working on my hw 
Working on my India project. It's 2 AM. Man! Gotta wake up at 5.30 &amp;&amp; nowhere NEAR being done. 
Working on my Mythology power point. Agh I wish it was finished already 
Working on my new photography site. Experimenting with template themes. I haven't done web designing in ages!  http://tinyurl.com/r9qf4r
working on my oral presentation and upset.........  
working on my paper for my holocaust class - so depressing 
working on my report...boring 
working on my task! hufp 
working on my twitter background and getting very annoyed. 
Working on Orff Level III class...took level II ten years ago...feeling pretty stupid right now!  Can't remember anything 
working on Plan B: nolonger at home next week, off to London-ish instead. Spending my birthday on my own in a sad hotel 
working on PP introduction. hooo this effing intro is killing me  http://bit.ly/jSD5s
Working on promotional ideas for the new Jack Black Film &quot;Year One&quot; and I'm stuck 
wish i lived in sydney  atl meet&amp;greet and john green signing 
wish i lived near NYC  that way i'd be able to see @jakeandamir perform!
wish i never take that responsibility  i regret now! 
wish i was @ bww w/ @MissCalderon &amp; some of the crew but mama's strapped 4 $ til 2morrow 
Wish I was @ the roots picnic right now ugh I bet that bytch is humping 
Wish I was a Dallas cool kid 
wish i was already in chi. missing out on parties here  TOMORROW!! i am fucked up and sleepy
Wish I was at #BEA09 
wish I was at bamboozle in new jersy 
wish i was at bamboozle right now!!! 
Wish I was at bamboozle.  xmen 3 instead
wish I was at CM Midlands 
wish i was at give it a name tonight 
wish i was at sox/cubs game 
Wish i was at stephanies bday party  
wish i was at summerball 
Wish I was at the @eminem show tonight 
wish i was at the beach with my friends 
wish i was at the frantic concert tonight with justyna @emokidisme  stupid 3,000+ miles
wish i was at the mmva's right nowww 
Wish I was at the PWY gig 
wish I was at the Trainwrecks show with my bottlerocket 
wish I was at the v-fest in montreal yesterday 
Wish I was at wembley watching the Jonas Brothers...instead I have to be stuck home revising business studies 
Wish i was at wembly 
Wish I was at work! They sent me home  @Markizchozen
Wish I was back at Slam Dunk fest  http://www.vimeo.com/4826597
wish i was camping at loch lomond right now  stupid work. what film should i watch?
WISH i was doing #TTL with @CloslaChance but don't have the wines  Can't decide what to drink instead!
wish i was drinking an oreo shake with extra oreos from jack in the box, instead im drinking water with cayenne pepper  .....fml
Wish I was eating lunch w/ @laddiecatherine and @ophieracine 
wish I was feeling better...I've been holding a potential cold at bay for a few days now &amp; I think it is winning...aches, cough 
Wish I was glued to my bed to I can sleep forever...ain't that sad 
wish i was going rafting tomaro !! 
wish i was going to barca now. no passport  SUCKS!!!
Wish I was going to be able to go to church tomorrow 
Wish I was going to glasto 
wish i was going to glasto  footie tournie for charity calls on saturday tho!! lets win the mutha
Wish I was going to McFly in the forest  Too far away, If only i could drive? :\
wish I was going to see @donniewalhberg &amp; @joeymcintyre tonight. 10 mins from camden &amp; can't make it  hershey was so amazing in march.
wish i was going to see the 3d concert experience again i only have 5 day left to see it  until it comes out on dvd 
Wish I was going to Splendour on the Grass so I can see @littlebirdyband  Come to Brisvegas ASAP guys!!!
Working on rebranding my image cuz my name manager @justiceamariah think I look too dancehall LMAO ha ha out with the blonde wigs 
working on recommendation - the pros n cons of regulation. Words escape me right now 
Working on report cards  
Working on research paper cause life sucks. Haven't twittered in 2 days. 
Working on Saturday  Just have lunch and tweets in the office. Amon Amarth! Please come to Japan! I've been waiting for u for a long time!
Working on Saturday and watching the rain...thre goes the outdoor parties for today 
working on saturday blowsss 
working on Saturday makes Saturdays feel like just another day... 
Working on Saturday. 6 days to Singapore and still need to design 2 booths, redesign a web site, build a presentation. Sh*t's not funny. 
working on saturday... eeeek 
Working on Saturdays makes me blue... 
working on Saturdays too 
working on school project...   sam is awesome (ps that was sam)
working on Sunday!! 
working on sunday..... 
working on sunday.........!  lol
Working on sundayyy 
working on taxes and marks... 
Working on the final assignments due tomorrow, but I still have more to do in the coming weeks. 
working on the hottest day so far  had to stay inside all day
Working on the last part of the uninstaller.. So boring 
Working on the Mac... trying to do a clean install of OS... not easy when you have been a PC all your life.   
Working on the photos from Babylon Falling's last reception for an @fecalface report. Bitter-sweet. 
Working on the portfolio now, paperwork just isn't as much fun as knitting! 
Working on the sabbath 
Working on the schoolproject! 
wish i was going to the gym today 
wish i was going to the jo'bros tonight 
wish i was going to the most amazing guys in the world show tonight but instead i have to work 
Wish I was going to the soccer tonight... 
Wish I was going to Vegas next month so I could see George Hill! Bummer 
Wish I was gonna be in Atlanta for the Pachtree Road Race! 
Wish I was heading off to Camp Hell.. Missing the 15th annual..  boo.
wish i was home cuz the family is goin to the mountains and im stuck at work 
wish i was home with my puppies 
wish i was home with the fam... stupid finals. miss my mom 
Wish I was in atl right now 
wish i was in cali w/ my family rite now during des fires  please keep southern california in ur prayers des wildfires r no joke
wish i was in college FOR ONCE lol, hate seeing mother ill 
wish i was in dallas for jonas brothers concert.... 
wish I was in DALLAS right now 
Wish I was in Dallas tonight 
Wish i was in France 
Wish I was in New York right about now 
Wish I was in NYC, Philly is a drag, I'm on a diet so no cheese steaks for me 
Wish I was in PA 
Wish I was in school.... No work, no school. Sounds great, right? It's really not 
wish i was in seattle at the let's make a mess tour 
Wish I was in the park reading Eclipse with @peejaybe &amp; an ice cream from G&amp;D's  The sun is lush!
Wish I was off today, but I'm not  Its a real bummer.
Wish i was out clubbing now lik everyone else...grr i hate being young 
wish i was out there not in here 
Wish I was rich enough to shop at urban outfitters 
wish I was seeing Bats for Lashes tonight 
wish i was seeing set your goals tonight  friggin poverty
wish I was spending time with that special sum1...but I guess I'm just not that fortunate...  
wish i was still at the shoreeee 
wish i was still on annual leave, tocday is not going to be a good day 
wish i was sunbathing in the park with @aeiouuu 
Wish I was there in that audience 
wish i was watching crank 2 
Wish i was watching tigers round today on something other than my computer 
Wish I was with my ma and bra. They're at the midnight show of transformers. 
Wish I was with you 
Wish I wasn't at work right now so I can be in Baltimore at fletchers seeing @Crucialdude and the rest of He Is Legend 
Wish I wasn't hungover writing a paper. 
wish i were at #140conf today 
Wish I were at #SemTech2009 
Wish i were i sleeping 
wish i were in on buying olympic tickets today 
Wish i were invited 
wish I would be @ rock am ring right now... 
Wish I would have sold some fathers day gifts. 
working on the weekend! 
working on thesis.. 
working on things! 
Working on this DAMN Financial project, Definitely not having any fun this weekend  , I want to spend it wit my BAAABY waaaah
Working on tommy's car. He pinched my finger  oww
working out ,but hardly working today -the east coast rain can put a damper on good intentions 
Working out ah 
Working out at the gym   http://bit.ly/niYSO http://bit.ly/1pcFyG
working out figures for tax return 
Working out is hard. 
working out kicked my butt!!! thank goodness i'm done psyche...a whole other hour of pilates up next! 
working out NZMM itinerary, Colapsing cities only 1 show  on Thursday, and...what? no Clap Clap Riot or Cut off your hands? FMP June 
Working out of Caffe Fiore in Ballard... Too much work to use the Diamond Club tickets 
Working out only made me grumpier about loss of all my contacts..  I am waiting for Bioshock script for tomorrow.
Working out only made me grumpier about my loss of my contacts etc... 
working out sucks 
Working out then tanning. It seems a tad gloomy today. 
Working out without sneddy  sad day
working sadly 
Working saterday. 
Working Saturdays sucks. 
Wish i would of went 
wish I wuz n atl 
wish I'd bought a ticket to go see Cesar  Stupid body of mine, wont let me go or do anything anymore...grrrr
Wish I'd bought those Pink tickets now! 8 months preggers and seriously need a great night out 
Wish I'd known about the whales at Kommetjie sooner. I hope they can sort it out 
Wish I'd known about the whales at Kommetjie. I hope they can sort it out 
Wish IES4Linux emulated IE7 properly. Opens, but doesn't load any website 
wish i'm not closing tomorrow at work so i can go out at night 
Wish iphone 3g had a better battery lyf.. I juz fully charged it &amp; now its down to abt 90% coz am using wifi 
Wish it was 9 so I can get outta here (walmart) 
Wish it was as nice out as yesterday 
wish it was raining..exams start friday 
Wish it was Saturday all over again 
Wish it was sunny!!! 
Wish it were like this every day. Bike rides with my boys in the sunshine. But it's late and I have to go to bed now.. 
Wish it were sunny 
Wish Jon and Kate would quit their show to work on their marriage not quit their marriage but continue the show... sad 
Wish judy was here 2 hang out with me  Morgan&amp;JudyBFFS
wish life could be one happy family.. but it never is     is in love with hello by take that 6th time in a row now lol
wish me good luck for tomorrow! i hate tomorrow so bad 
wish me good luck on the test i need to pass it. im not use to getting bad grades like this i study n it doesnt help im lost for answers 
Wish me good luck!!! Thursday my exams are starting 
Wish me good luck. Really want my Sure Sild 
wish me luck for my last paper tomorrow! nervous 
Wish me luck in my history people! Im really gonna need it  x
wish me luck on this paper that is due in less than two hours and i'm only just starting page 2  FML
wish me luck people pleaase..  maths gcse tomorrow, stressseeeddd out somethinn shockinn!!   badd times!! 
Wish me luck tomorrow! Oh wait, I mean today in like 7 hours 
Wish me luck, I have a midterm today 
Wish me luck. 
wish me luck.  darien moms are scary.   a little bury your dead to get the morning started off on the right foot at least. *grins*
Wish Mell was here to take care of me  Soooo muchhhh painnnnn.
Wish more of my friend had twitter 
Wish more people followed me on this thing 
Wish mornings start later 
wish my back would feel better 
wish my boyfriend jack would talk 2 me... 
wish my bro was here   ...soon enough.....soon enough   -JP
wish my czats would know that on sunday people has the right to sleep late 
wish my daddy was around still...fathers day will never be the same 
Wish my foot would feel better 
wish my hair would stop falling out 
Wish my headache/almost migraine would go away! 
wish my health kick included sleep. insomnia again. 
Wish my kids were all on the same schedule. 
Wish my sisters were with me yesterday at supper. 
Wish my student accommodation had a pretty garden like back home...  It is a sin to be stuck indoors on a gorgeous day like this!
wish my take that tickets would hurry and come    xxxxx
Wish my U2 beta key worked now. Don't want to wait 'till Wednesday to play 
Wish my wife would come home guess she loves chris more 
wish oneday, someone, can give me Frey Wille jewellery as a present  and jewellery in general..who says its cliche? all women want it!
wish people would stop coughing near me  so scared i contract swine flu nd i hate being sick 
wish Reece would stop crying and just go to sleep 
Wish school was overrr. One more week to wait. 
wish she could sleep 
wish she cud leave for hk now..  why do I feel as thou I'm such a hindrance??!!!
Wish she knew why she felt so light headed today???  not nice feeling!
Wish she was in Dallas ... but wishing it won't help me to be there 
Wish she would have been down to drive me home in the morning  oh well.
Wish sonny with a chance would come on after wizards! 
Wish sound was coming out of my nano 
Wish that channel 4 had a similar service to iplayer so I could watch on iPhone  I don't like not having my mac book with me
wish that i cud be at the last les mis before they all leave tonight 
wish that i had time to celebrate #starwarsday but alas going to see fightstar tonight instead. Dont have the dvds here neways 
wish that i was in Coachella. 
wish that sometimes she could express herself better 
Wish the &quot;britney ... vids&quot; account would join Spymaster - I have loads more spies!   Actually wish it would just disappear, sick avatar 
wish the celebs i twitterd with twitter me bk 
Wish the rain would stop coming so we could go out on the lake this weekend 
Wish the stuff I ordered online would show up, 14 days and counting! They said it could take as long as 20 before they ship it though 
Wish the sun was shining 
Wish the sun would come out 
wish there was a a little tunnel (preferably a waterslide!) direct from dressing room to water so people don't see me in my togs 
wish there was a day between Sunday &amp; Monday, with no work!!! What would they call it? Arrrrrr gotta get stuff ready for work 2moro 
Wish there was a twitter app for mobile Facebook. Anyone know if there is? Loathing maths tonight. 4 periods of it tmrw. Methods=too hard 
Wish there was more on the Korean &quot;problem&quot; in the news 
wish there was on central SL web-page where details on march and land expo could be had easily 
wish there was someone here to make me a cup of tea,cant be bothered getting out my bed  x
Wish there was somewhere to hide! 
wish there were more pictures of hotdogs on my twitter home screen  #hotdogs
Wish this weekend didn't end so quickly  loveloveloveâ™¥ &amp; Inventory suckssss.
Wish time would go faster and it was the summer hols... 
wish to put junk mail in the dumpster, but apparently it's not prudent 
wish today was already friday! 
wish u were there.... 
wish we could get RAIN HERE! I hate it being so dry all the time.. 
Wish we could sneak out to watch the Pine Creek race  Oh well, have to enjoy FIBArk from afar, for the moment!
wish we could turn back time... 
Wish we didn't go to dennys. We would be home by now  I might cry!!
Wish we didn't have that much of differences so I could celebrate this nice day with my dad too 
wish windows 7 superbar had an option for &quot;combine when full but hide labels.&quot; 
wish you could come on the date with me-- but--could be x-rated-- sorry 
Wish you were coming to school. 
wish you werent away i want a text or a call 
wish you would notice me, but you live far away, never gonna happen. i can dream 
Wish, wish, WISH it was next weekend - this week is gonna be HELL 
Wished I could stay longer at the chalet 
wished i could've gone Tao night club 
wished i saw @iamlittleboots LN at GAY 
Wished I was watching @dateline on east coast time.  Still have to wait 3 more hours.  
wished she was back in Philippines enjoying good food/weather/ and company of her loved ones 
wished some one thought of her today 
Wished someone had extra George Strait tickets. 
Wished... but i gues it aint gonna happen. ily 
Wishes  I could laugh! I want so bad to be happy!! I dont want to have a bad day! But that is where it is heading!! 
Wishes @carriehoush didn't have to work Fathers Day. 
wishes @kayla_khaos and her boyfriend were here! 
working so hard  , these days im so busy ... i have a lot of things to do !!!
working so much 
Working the AlDS Walk in Central Park on a injured foot.. 
Working the Coldplay concert at riverbend! Then shopping for a new flat iron cause mine died today 
Working the day job   UGH  I so hate it here!!!
working the hood until 7 am tomorrow 
Working the washing machine at 7 in the morning. Not good, should still be in bed 
Working then off to snowshoe j thought it was yesterday but I was wrong . Hate that I missed a good movie 
Working this morning. Great joy 
Working this weekend, but at least it's the weekend! No sailor home for our northwoods vacation this year 
Working through a Dell chat session to solve a Vista problem -- day 2 
Working til 4:00 @ the Pharmacy today..... 
working til 5. Then class til 7:30. Text or something. I'm bored and going insane 
working til 6pm, after that class til 9.45pm, hopefully wing night after that ... Miss my ISAG guys already 
working til 7.30  - time for a break to london me thinks!
Working till 2.   It looks like we are going to have more rain and gray skies.  Wish I could get back in bed
working till 5....why are they playing miley cyrus on the company radio and not adele? 
working till 6 then moving out of my apt.  goodbye 2 great years of hospitality!
Working till 9pm and super bored  ughhh I hate slow days, they are pointless to be here.
Working till about 630 then scrapbooking my life away 
Working today   gotta get my Wednesday shift covered so I can play in the game on Wednesday
Working today  9:30-6...but then I think my hubby and I are going on a date to the drive in!!!
working today  however I pray for etime and i worry about my gma who has a dr appointment for her rotator cuff.
Working today its very quiet I'm helping in a store where staff outnumber customers 3-1. Its beautiful outside i should be on the bike 
working today! 
working today, while almost everyone else in France is enjoying a public holiday.   Streets are empty in Paris.
Working today. This office= freezing. My toes= cold. Cardigan= at home. 
working tomorrow 
Wishes @Neikka and @Charlotte_Avila could have come tonight.  but we'll just have to party some other time!
WISHES @XOXOBear WAS TWITTERING NOW  BUT SHE ISN'T... I MISS HER WAY HOMO. LOL
wishes ABC Family was available in Canada... gonna have to wait for the HBP clips to show on youtube 
Wishes Atlanta was just a beebop away... 
wishes bisa sekali &quot;blink&quot; bisa ke CN Tower liat stadioum Raptors ...  http://plurk.com/p/12l12r
wishes booking a flight were easier... 21 hours on several planes doesnt sound to good to me... 
Wishes breaking up with someone was as easy as deleting them off facebook... Needs all her mates this week 
wishes Business class to give him less stress. In my dreams.  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/11bjxo
wishes carls sold breakfast all day 
Wishes Daisy wasn't so scared of thunder and lightning! 
wishes Danny doesn't go home this week... 
Wishes David Cook was coming to phoenix  trying to figure out a way to get to San diego on June 18th to see him.... I'm obsessed
wishes days didn't involve doing things.  There's not a thingless day in sight.  
wishes eggnog wasn't seasonal... 
wishes enzo wasn't a puppy anymore 
wishes everyone could get along 
wishes everyone didn't go to sleep 
wishes exams would finish alreadyyyyyy......i need a breakkkkkk 
wishes finding friends in Twitter would be as easy as in Facebook 
Wishes for one day that I didn't have to get up so early.. 
wishes for rc to get well....poor rc  http://plurk.com/p/ts8rf
wishes for the rain to stop na talagaaa..  http://plurk.com/p/xve7w
wishes for the weekend already 
wishes h&amp;m existed in florida.. 
wishes he could be at E3 
wishes he could be at len's baby shower in san diego with the rest of the fam 
wishes he could be with that special someone.... 
wishes he could change his twitter background  but how?!
wishes he could convert his site to Wordpress 
wishes he could go and visit Dubai next weekend 
wishes he could have a custom background 
Wishes he could have an Escapism pre-meet. But is the only Escapist in the area 
wishes he could o something tonight but has no money 
wishes he could win a holiday for his familty 
wishes he did not have to go back 
wishes he had a picture of the Ghostbusters logo combined with the head of @emma_on_toast to make ToastBusters 
Wishes he had his camera today  Saw some amazing cool things today
wishes he had more chocolate pecan nut fudge 
wishes he hadn't updated his PSP to OFW 5.50 
Wishes He Was Able To Make A Decision 
Wishes he was an official Gay Blade 
wishes he was at heroes con..... sniff, sniff 
Wishes he was going to be at the star trek premier tonight 
Wishes he was home 
wishes he was moving to London now, rather than October 
wishes he was outside, playing in the sun, not stuck in here, putting off revision!! 
wishes he was up in Norcal, watching Tiesto 
wishes he wasn't ill 
Wishes he wasn't in work on a Saturday nite! 
Wishes he wasn't in work when everyone is partying over the road in Bute Park 
wishes he would call 
wishes her blackberry had wifi 
wishes her dad had never moved in. Where is that peaceful house hold I always dreamed of? 
Wishes her dad was here  happy fathers day xxx
wishes her Dad was here to accompany her to the doctor..  http://plurk.com/p/11hyly
wishes her fiance wasn't so sick  feel better Matty
Wishes her man would jus make his mind up and stop PMTing. Currently eating blackjacks and feeling down  xx
wishes her mom would come up here &amp; take me grocery shopping 
Wishes Her Mum Would Let Her Buy Two Hamsters As I Have Enough. 
wishes her sister and her daddy were home 
Wishes her stomach was feeling better 
wishes her unborn child would stop squashing her diaphragm!! I feel like i smoke 60 a day!!!!! 
Wishes his mom would stop talking about the hotel room &quot;intimacy kit&quot; 
wishes history had never happened so she didn't have to do this coursework 
wishes hoes werent invited to our damn family vacation!!!...uhhh...i need a blackberry... 
Wishes I can have another amazing moment with ED  
wishes I could be the one going to our conference in the Bahamas next week 
wishes i could get a summer vacation from WORK !!!! i think a month off work would do the trick!! but not the billls  so work i shall stay
wishes i could go to the whitton prom wiv all my mates but i cant as i am no longer a student there  .. but i no every1 is excited 4 it ..
Wishes I could read something interesting right now instead of &quot;Organizational Behavior&quot; but gotta do it.   
wishes I could've spent Mother's Day with my hubby 
wishes I cud go2 New York nxt weekend 
wishes i did my s.s. earlier.. now i have to do it tmr  i will @ night when im bored, lol it will get done sometime..
working tomorrow  vicor of dibley and v. what a nice night,
Working tonight  manda
Working tonight.  Hopefully I'll be outa here by 4am...more likely closer to 6 
Working tonight...   Can't wait to get home to crash since I got next to no sleep last night...
Working too  Need a break too!!!!
Working too hard.    At least graduations are over.
working tooo much 
Working until 7:30. Ick 
working until 9pm 
working until10 
Working when dizzy is never fun.  Btw, if you want cupcakes, there are 4 left - you can come fetch them at the latte hut.
Working when you are sick sux so does dropping your cellphone in a wet trash can  
Working with a hangover is hell on earth for a girl who never gets them. 
working with a manager in another division for a while, he wants me to keep a work log spread sheet, boo  i should prob. tweet less then
working with all the windows open... the AC on my side of the building is dead.  Hopefully I don't lose any servers 
Working with Joe Shrank. At 239, Lancaster, PA. Electricity just turned off 
working with karen on our new clothing line. my eyes are killing me, im in need of coffee ASAP ! 
Working with my dad to wire an ethernet cable through a wall at church. We hit a stud though  Will hopefully get through the wood soon.
Working with my mum today..it's raining 
Working with some WII homebrew and updating Cydia for the Ipod yeah but at least the funeral i went to wasn't closely related to me still 
working with the most boring group of people on the planet.......my ears hurt, and God they love to talk 
working with tweetdeck. loving the multiple account feature. it will make me leave @destroytwitter sadly 
Working without my usually latte  Need to finish some stuff before I disappear into oblivion from the whole world  for rest of the week..
wishes I didn't have to work so I could go to the Pens parade 
wishes I had an iPhone  
wishes I was doing something for Juneteenth... 
wishes I was getting an iphone 3G S today but it's not in the budget unfortunately 
wishes I was going to see Britney Spears in concert 
Wishes I was going to see India Arie tonight. 
Wishes I was home with David instead of working. 
wishes I was in las vegas too 
wishes i was in texas 
Wishes I was in texas too see my texan family... 
wishes i was in the garden too 
Wishes I was in Vegas still. 
Wishes i was on my computer  Now tell ME why i let my mom put her games on there again? Ugh! LoL...
Wishes I was on the Spring Fling Tour with Dawn &amp; neecee Sigh  G'knight
wishes i was sleeping right now!! 
Wishes I'd bought tickets to see Take That in Cardiff tomorrow. Feeling very left out at the moment as almost everyone I know is going 
Wishes it was dnd week 
wishes it was last saturday again  but also wishes it was september! x
wishes it was summer 
wishes it was this time in 3 weeks...!! But will miss Cratcliffe lotsss 
wishes it was this time last week 
Wishes it wasn't sunday.. Still tired 
Wishes it were so hot out so we could go play at the park 
Wishes Jared would wake up and move his car... I'm blocked in because there was nowhere to park last night. 
Wishes joey, ryan, randy and steve would hurry up and come back 
wishes justin could be over for her birthday 
wishes kim would hurry up &amp; finish her shower, it's raining &amp; i really need the loo 
wishes lucy would come home from dancing and get her butt online!  i misseth youuuuu! x
Wishes marijuana was legal....  Lmao.. but seriously
Wishes more people would follow me so I don't look like such a nub 
wishes mr canon is beside me...miss taking photos  http://plurk.com/p/vi6tr
wishes my fever would go away.. and my knee was back to normal so I could go ride 
Wishes my internet was hooked up at my new place already! 
wishes my net was at it's normal speed 
wishes One Tree Hill season 6 was aired in Australia 
wishes people wouldn't put Survivor and Amazing Race updates on FB. VERY hard to avoid STATUS update! Was out of town&amp; I know who won.  
wishes people wud come on msn  x
Wishes she could afford @LKHamilton 's&quot;Skin Trade&quot;. Released today. 
wishes she could be at his graduation today 
Wishes she could be in Glastonbury .... I miss the days of the travellers field.. Â£200 is way too much 
wishes she could could be with her daughter on her Bday 
Wishes she could cuddle 
wishes she could do something.  i pray to thee, artemis and apollo, to send her all that you can...
wishes she could get on Skype and talk to some of you. :s Lately all my tweets are &quot;I Miss You&quot; tweets 
wishes she could get sleepy before 6 am...just one night 
wishes she could go see take that tonight, when everyone she knows is going and she'll probably never get the chance to see them again  xx
wishes she could go the the @switchfoot bro am!!!!!!! 
Wishes she could go to Brian's Golf HHC tournie 
wishes she could go to REPO this weekend. 
wishes she could go to the All Time Low gig tonight instead of studying. but nooo, biology is apparently more important. asdoiuweqroiflk! 
wishes she could go to the beach with her friends, i hate not feeling well 
wishes she could go to the manor picnic... 
Wishes she could have him  at least one time
wishes she could help all the cats 
Wishes she could hug josh and make his day better 
wishes she could nap all day! ... 
wishes she could pull off red lipstick 
Wishes she could say happy fathers day to her dad 
wishes she could see @lntweet again tomorrow with @cheetahrawr in Modesto 
wishes she could see you tonight. 
wishes she could stop time.... only 6more days ...ugh  http://plurk.com/p/xq8h5
wishes she could wake up and be out of debt! Impossible, I know. 
wishes she could watch ANTM on oxygen while eating moose tracks, with kelly.  sad day.
Wishes she could work out how to play a very old dos game &quot;Under A Killing Moon&quot; on Winxp 
wishes she could work out which celebrities' twitter accounts are real and which arn't! 
Wishes she didn't have OM homework to do right now 
wishes she didnt have spam from steven 
wishes she didnt have to go back today  could soo be surfing .right.now. 34 days left of year 10!
Wishes she didn't have to work and could be hangin with Dani, Kenzie, and Robyn 
wishes she didnt have to work today 
wishes she didnt have to work tomorrow! 
wishes she got a car for her birthgany  http://plurk.com/p/12jrah
wishes she got cool #fcbd stuff like @lestack @lizabitty  but wont make it to eville til later
Wishes she got pixie dust tomorrow instead of jewels. 
wishes she had a digicam.  http://plurk.com/p/xt5w9
wishes she had a door... 
wishes she had a laptop so she could tweet outside 
wishes she had more money to make more jewellery 
wishes she had some cherry beer in the fridge.  Today has been one of those days. 
wishes she had some chocolate rite about now 
Wishes She Had Someone to Chill With 
wishes she had someone to go out for a beer with 
wishes she had someone to go shopping with 
wishes she had someone to spend her birthday with. 
Wishes she had stayed in bed this morning 
wishes she had stayed to see Little Big Town tonight.  
wishes she had the soundtrack to Cannibal 
wishes she had tickets to take that 
wishes she has the courage to ask Mrs Goh out. 
wishes she lived in America....i dont belong here 
wishes she lived in NYC 
Wishes she still loved him... 
Wishes she was a millionaire so she could pay for all of her bh Sistas to 5* to their hearts content. 
wishes she was at camp   
wishes she was at edgefest 
wishes she was at the beaach 
wishes she was at tyson's party 
wishes she was attendin the Atlanta Carnivale concert tonight @ Six Flags 
Wishes she was better equipped to cope with nice weather! Hates feeling headachey and sick 
Wishes she was going to Colorado with my family today 
wishes she was going to Glasto 
Wishes she was going to the Jonas brothers concert tonight  Miley is gonna be there!!!
Wishes she was going to touch with everyone tonight 
wishes she was in bed with a strapping young man ... hmmmm dream on Anni 
wishes she was in Boston for DMB 
wishes she was in california instead of being IN TEXAS 
Wishes she was in hawaii too  mona pua galore.  well, shaka brahdas, i'm pao for tonight. Aloha.
wishes she was in Ibiza where she belongs listening to Ferry Corsten in Amensia! 
wishes she was in Shenzhen where everyone else is. 
wishes she was out doing something fun tonite 
wishes she was out with her lover and friends...so lame 
wishes she was sat outside a pub with a cider and her mates 
wishes she was seeing the Killers sometime soon  That'd help with the pre CAO deadline panic
WISHES she was seeing transformers tonight 
Wishes she was sleeping 
wishes she was somewhere warm at the moment like the US...i like the US... why cant it be summer ? booooooo 
wishes she was spending summer in Europe again 
Wishes she was with her mum for mothers day 
wishes she wasn't down or at least i knew the reason  this is no bueno
wishes she wasnt hitting so many butterflies...my windshield is covered in glitter 
Wishes she wasn't so fn stupid 
wishes she were at sonar 
wishes she were at UCB watching Robin WIlliams on stage!! 
wishes she were going to (HED) P.E. 
Wishes she were pretty. 
wishes she would call him ...   *hc*
wishes shed be allowed to go out today cuz so fkn lonely 
wishes someone could whisk me away from all this studying  xxx
Wishes someone would call 
Wishes someone would reply to her 
Wishes Stephen Fry could have shouted out Molly's name last night instead of the person who didn't turn up to QI 
wishes that  Glastonbury was over this side of the world. 
wishes that @tatii77 went to ice palace with her. 
wishes that an angel descends from heaven and embrace me now...  http://plurk.com/p/vhdcn
wishes that he'll understand me better, and know what i want.. 
wishes that his phone could also browse onemanga. . . . .  http://plurk.com/p/xnslv
wishes that i could actually fall asleep like normal people 
wishes that i had Â£100 for me and alex to see Miley! 
wishes that i had her life   http://plurk.com/p/xhfn4
wishes that I was on my way to tamp 2 see the no doubt/paramore concert but i hope everyone enjoys it ill be in gville taking a test 
wishes that I'd put up with my crummy old Nokia for another few months as the iPhone 3G S is available on 3 in July 
wishes that it would just rain already.  My kitties are melting into fur puddles from the heat and I only have so many popcicles!  
wishes that Katie Price n Peter Andre wud sort things out n get bk together they were my fave celeb couple  x
wishes that more peeps would tweet @ me! *sniffle* 
wishes that my FTSK cd would have came today 
wishes that my future becomes more settled.  http://plurk.com/p/rnmok
wishes that people who are employed by people, who dont care about other people, didn't have to 
Wishes that she could be in Washington right now 
wishes that she could take the day off.  i'm just not feeling 100% 
wishes that the baby birds under our patio would stop falling out of their nest 
Wishes that there was a yogurtland in Boston, would even settle for Pinkberry 
wishes that tomorrow would not come. 
wishes that tomorrow would not come.  #fb
wishes the cavs could have another chance.  . dang...
wishes the rain would stop 
wishes the rain would stop so my stupid headache would go away! 
wishes the rain would stop. So I could go out. 
wishes the sun was out more, or it was warmer out.  Not quite warm enough to sit outside for long 
wishes the sun would stay out longer 
wishes the weather would make it's mind up.! Sick of the rain 
Wishes the weekend would never end... aargh... work. 
wishes there was a cracker barrell in London 
Wishes there was a milkshake place around here, apart from mcdonalds!  xxx
wishes there was a Pastazio's new york pizza in fort worth 
Wishes there was ventilation in his room. 
Wishes these antibiotics would hurry up &amp; start working 
wishes these headaches would stop 
wishes things were easier 
wishes this cold would go away its makng me feel sad 
wishes this rain would gooo away!! 
wishes this was the tweeth that says he is hitting the hay, but im not that fortunate 
wishes to be skinny....  http://plurk.com/p/y4f21
wishes to have a new goldfish *Bubbly my goldfish just died a while ago*  :'-( http://plurk.com/p/12eutn
wishes to see kim bum in person  http://plurk.com/p/11anmc
wishes to watch victor's race on sunday (T_T)  http://plurk.com/p/127xgf
wishes today would just end already... dang @ 7.30 start tomorrow 
wishes tomorrow will never come 
wishes Travis McCoy and I could kick it sometime. And why am I in buffalo 2 days too late 
Wishes tucker was on lineeeee 
wishes twidroid would work on her phone 
Wishes twitter had a better way of organizing the tweets you get 
wishes wag na sana ma reject thesis proposal ko nadedepress na ko eh (goodluck) (annoyed)  http://plurk.com/p/wy27u
wishes weekend were longer!!!! They go by way too fast and then it's 5 long boring days until the next one. 
wishes wicked wasn't so damn expensive in london. 
Wishes you hadn't teased me with movie night 
wishes......... 
wishhhhh i was going to @Comic_Con  how g33ky am iiiiii hahaha
Wishin' @SkywayAvenueXx the best of luck right now! I know how effing frustrating Math is...  ily
Wishin Friday was here! my day off then i work saturday-friday 
Wishin he was awake.... 
Wishin I could wear a bikini!  
Wishin' I coulda talked to Miss V before I headed to bed... 
wishin i didnt break my phone 
Wishin i had a boo to cuddle with 
wishin i had the money to go see Dane Cook tonight....alas i do not  sad times. pretty sure i would have prob peed my pants! HA
wishin i knew how to block certain numbers on my cell 
Wishin I was at lindseys birthday party  darn orientation....
wishin i was at the parade... 
wishin I was at Wingin Rock Fast in Marietta Square til 9:30. But I have a to do list to finish first. 
Wishin I was going to Mobile tomorrow morning for the USS Drum reunion memorial service...not many WWII submarine veterans are left.  
wishin i was in b'dos  
Wishin' I was in NY with my BFFs and my man 
wishin i was with mee mummy   but i cant be   
WISHIN I WOULD HAVE JUS TOOK THE PICS WIT MY CAMERA!!!! DAMN Y I LISTEN TO HIM!!!??? 
wishin my bff will come back from london soon....miss her!!    
WISHIN THATS ONE PERSON COULD SAY ITS GOING 2 BE OK SUGAR FEELIN LOW RITE NOW 
wishin' the best for the people in the plane  i'll be headin' to the airport to catch my own flight... wish me luck...
Wishin the rest of the girls were here @CynCerelyUrs @THiDACAkES @nutrishouz @KimBerry29 @StellarJaeMae @Moni @aprilBreezy 
wishing &quot;someone&quot; would have at least texted me and told me to have a good day 
Wishing @hnsmith18 and @laurenc3191 was coming! 
wishing @Jonasbrothers would appear on my doorstep   I'm really depressed today for some reason 
Wishing @kaceemaree wasn't feeling crappy 
wishing @onicajay was here 
Wishing @tylermillage didnt have to work today 
wishing 2 b acting right now....lol...but no seriously 
wishing 2p.m. came after 7p.m. 
wishing a had a new car already 
Wishing a sunny day! NO WAY 
wishing all of this would of been a bad dream i miss you so much daddy 
wishing all the clouds would go away  i want a clear and sunny, but still crisp, winter day
Wishing braison would get on 
Wishing Cornerstone was in my near future.. 
wishing everyone (including me) wasn't so busy all the time, because i never get to see the people i care about 
Wishing everyone a Happy Father's Day.  Miss you, dad.  
Wishing for more fav. weather in Bruges over the next week...Don't want to go while cold and very windy 
wishing franklin the sausage dog didnt have to leave 
Wishing Gavin would come back to California 
Wishing he had've done his History. 
Wishing he would try harder so I can be with him again 
Wishing i be with you! 
Wishing I bought the Sims 3 earlier  soooo bored!
wishing i could be at coachella this weekend  and trying to figure out facebook, its a bit confusing.
Wishing I could be at the campgrounds listening to @trayrut today instead of at work. Looks like Thursday will be the only day I can go 
Wishing I could be celebrating the holiday.  
Wishing I could be off next couple of days...    But gotta save vac for trip up north later. (***sits sobbing at desk...***)
Wishing i could be ok again. wants everything just to be ok again 
wishing i could driveeee     .. no ride to the beach
Wishing I could eating a yummy burger with @corrienav instead of a boring salad...   The things we do to look good.
Wishing I could enjoy the first sunny day all week... But working instead 
wishing i could get a bloody job, no fitness instructor vacancies anywhere. 
Wishing I could go 2 sleep and I hav 2 work @ 6 a.m., dis is whack dat im still up right now 
wishing i could go back in time and go to texas stadium...   oh well!!!
Wishing I could go out and dance 
wishing i could go out tonight 
Wishing I could go see Bonobo in Montreal on July 11th...but they don't start til midnight and I have a wedding to go to the next day. 
wishing i could go see TAI today 
wishing i could go sketch w friends instead of goto color theory 
wishing i could go to CaBo tonight 
Wishing I could go to church.... 
Wishing I could go to con now after hearing all the con twitter talk.  And it's so close this year, too. 
wishing I could go to KOL's concert tonight in Charleston, SC tonight! 
wishing i could go to warped tour... bu 
Wishing I could go with @boulderdiaries to SoCo to go climb, instead I'm stuck at work all weekend 
Wishing I could hang with a friend right now... 
Wishing I could have a nice snooze on this balmy May afternoon... fat chance of that, sadly 
Wishing I could have attended the Laker parade! Pooh 
wishing I could have slept in this morning 
wishing i could make my lyssa feel better 
Wishing I could make my poor fiance feel better! He's been throwing up all morning. 
Wishing I could make things better for Jules..... but it's pretty sucky on this end too.  My karma isn't what it used to be.  
wishing i could meet a real celebrity      my summer sucks so far, just got fired recently   
Wishing i could meet Megan Fox. 
wishing I could roll rollies  Damn 3c tax
Wishing I could see buds again. Missing Cali, Texas, Virg, UGH!!! (sigh) 
Wishing I could see Metric tonight. Couldn't get tix cuz my paycheck was delayed, now it's sold out 
wishing I could see Tim and Jess before Prom   
Wishing I could share my deepest feelings 
wishing I could sit down and read Lauren Willig instead of studying 
wishing i could sleeeep. exams in 2 days FML.  worked a double yesterday and all day today  and is sick of working.
Wishing I could stay home today. Feeling yucky today. 
Wishing I could stream @glennbeck from work  Dang Firewalls!
Wishing I could take a BATH in calamine right now.  Just discovered a new bite on my arm 
Wishing I could take Ezra home with out Leukemia tomorrow 
wishing I could take part in the Washington Post Hunt #posthunt09 today ... studying all day instead 
wishing i could talk to @kevinou  missing you like crazy! bed time in jamaica... exhausted is an understatement.
Wishing I could talk to a certain person but somehow feel it's better this way. 
wishing I could talk to my lovely lovely Ellen. MAAOW. I hate that I am in Finland and she in Sweden.  Distans is shit.
Wishing I could talk to my sis. 
wishing I could watch another Cullen family baseball game.. but don't think it'll happen again *sigh looking @ cast again* 
Wishing I could watch the MTV Movie Awards  Maan, I wish I had cable. Or satellite. Either one. Rather than nothing. Siiiigh.
wishing I didn't have a HUGE pile of ironing to work through as I want to go and sit in the beautiful Kent sunshine 
Wishing I didn't have to be in Graduate School anymore - who wants to pay my loans off? 
Wishing i didn't have to leave the SMT to work 12 hours...  So sleepy.
Wishing I didn't have to miss my mama's birthday today! 
Wishing I didn't have to work on Ryan's birthday. 
Wishing I didn't live so far away from all the beaches. 
Wishing I didn't overthink things so much... This is going to be a long day 
wishing I didn't stay awake until 6am watching the fight. 15 quid gone bye bye for a 5 minute fight 
Wishing I felt better   Ugh!!! My Body is fighting some type of flu virus or something. I'm taking it easy today.
wishing I got fij 
wishing i got to go the the dungog festival and meet matthew newton 
wishing I got to hang out with kellen last night 
wishing i had a pair of sweet clogs... 
wishing i had a phone still phoneless  prob gonna clean my room peace &lt;3
wishing I had a PS3. 
wishing i had a time controller so that i could turn time back and try again 
Wishing I had a Trekkie fan friend to see the new Star Trek with 
wishing i had a way to escape this place 
wishing i had an itouch 
wishing i had been on nkotb boat but i had to work 
wishing i had cable so i could watch the mtv awards 
Wishing I had friends to entertain me. 
Wishing I had gone to the Derby  Wearing my big hat at home though! lol
Wishing I had made coffee this morning. Any one stopping a dunkin on the way to staff mtgs?  
wishing i had marvelous misadventures of flap jack on DVD 
wishing i had me a perfect boy 
wishing i had me a perfect boy  (via @kerryelizabeth0)Whats a perfect boy?
Wishing I had money to take my girlfriend out to the movies with my brothers and I... But alas, I cannot even afford a ticket for myself. 
Wishing I had my beefed up pc with me to make sweet memorable GTA movies again 
Wishing I had noodles right about now... 
Wishing I had someone to cuddle with. aw. 
Wishing i had somthing to do 
wishing I had the video on my iphone 
Wishing I hadn't had so much wine and didn't have to work at 8am 
wishing i hadn't just eaten free pastires and sumak pitta bread for my lunch! carb overload 
Wishing I hadn't tried to change my background and deleted my picture instead. Can't find the original now 
Wishing I hadn't used Newegg's free shipping. B&amp;H free shipping? 2 days. Newegg? I'm hoping it gets here by next Wednesday. DHL via USPS. 
Wishing I knew what the heck I was doing wrong. I'm not having any luck landing a full time permanent job with in my school district 
wishing i never went on the woods today :'( 
wishing i still had my rollerblades  mama gave them away!
Wishing I still lived in San Antonio,Tx just so I could see the Metro Station concert october 15. 
wishing i was 5 again 
Wishing I was at #fowa instead of fighting with SSIS again 
Wishing I was at Bamboozle. 
wishing I was at Bimbo's with my bestes, @tonystark206 , listening to Oasis. 
wishing i was at coachella 
Wishing I was at Fat Tuesday 
Wishing I was at home 
wishing I was at Lori's, but working tomorrow  blah.
wishing i was at the beach with abby and savannah 
Wishing i was at the beach. 
Wishing I was at the cmt awards 
Wishing I was at the show   times a milli...muah to u yes u!!
Wishing i was at The Summertime Ball right now 
wishing I was at the wedding with everyone 
wishing i was at we wed.  off to see my blindingly expensive lawyer instead.  
wishing i was at work!!!!! 
wishing I was back home in TnT to attend JLegend's concert!!! 
wishing I was enjoying this awesome day in Chi-town 
wishing i was feeling better, would love to go see @rubyrose1  kicking myself for having wisdom teeth pulled yesterday grrr
wishing i was going home for one of my best friends birthday this weekend 
wishing i was going orlando with jac &amp; mark!! guted!! 
wishing I was going out with the favz tonight  have fun for me!
Wishing I was going to be at #ignitephx but alas, I'm stuck behind a code box.  &lt;sadly waves at all /&gt;
Wishing I was going to cornerstone...  everyone is so stoked on it.
wishing i was going to movies w/ @taasshhh, @Wow_wee and @aureNnLay but im not alowd cuz of mums bday 
Wishing I was going to play golf today. Yard work instead. YAY 
WIshing I was going with my girl Juicy Deana to the detroit NKOTB concert! It's cool I will just sit at work ALONE!! 
wishing I was holding my baby tonight...  I can't sleep cause my pillow isn't you...
Wishing i was home rite now...gotta sit thru a 2 hour lecture about shit i dont give a fuck about 
wishing i was home to give my daddy a big hug on his birthday/fathers day 
wishing i was home underneath my covers 
WISHING I WAS HOME WITH MY BABY 
Wishing I was home with my little mushie.... She is sicky-poo! 
Wishing I was in AK for Iditarod Teacher's conference next week. I guess I'll clean my pool instead 
Wishing I was in Australia right now to help make arrangements for my nana who is in the hospital and needs to go into care... 
Wishing I was in bed with Elmer and Emi. Miss u guys! I hate Mondays and Tuesdays cuz of graveyard 
Wishing I was in charlotte. 
Wishing I was in dallas 
wishing i was in dallas  miley and jb concert there.
wishing i was in LA at the Lakers parade 
Wishing I was in LA so I could go see The Comedians of Chelsea Lately (http://tiny.cc/d97ao) next week. 
Wishing I was in south tx right now 
Wishing I was in Texas at the Jonas Brother's concert 
Wishing I was in the pub preparing to watch the Lions... 
Wishing I was in Vancity. Rock the bells '09? Drizzy? ..whaaa? 
wishing i was karen from will&amp;grace 
wishing I was laying by the pool instead of at work 
Wishing I was listening to Imprint Live but it's all good, game night! I am losing. 
Wishing I was on my train already but its nowhere to be found 
Wishing I was on the island for ayas 2nd bday rather than at the hospital for the second day in a row  damn this finger!!!!
wishing i was on vacation already 
Wishing I was playing L4D, stuck in municipal court instead.  in North Haledon, NJ http://loopt.us/TbTxjg.t
wishing i was somewhere else! 
wishing i was still asleep!! No fair it was such a wonderful dream too!!! 
Wishing I was still at Fenway on this ONE sunny June day..and not at my computer working on scripts 
Wishing I was still in Ky 
wishing I was still in Portland... 
wishing i was the mmva's  i need to see my jonas boys!
Wishing i was using the work computer.... mine is soooo slow! 
wishing I was watching game 7 2N 
wishing i was with @camismiiles forever .....im soo LOW right now i need her a lot ... 
wishing i was with @dorsadorsa and @miss_ginnster 
wishing i was with @jaimeS24 in Vegas 
Wishing I was with my fam on my bday 
Wishing I was with my mom for mother's day 
wishing i was with my puppy now 
WISHING I WAS WITH THAT SPECIAL PERSON SIGH 
working working working - how boring am I today 
Working working working, wish my daughter and son in law would follow me 
working working working. so boring 
Working! And I have a headache 
Working! Should have took today off!! 
Working! Slow day bc of the rain! 
Working!!  But the sun shining ;)
Working!! So bored I don't feel so good 
working, hungry...forced myself to eat yogurt, didnt hit the spot 
Working, stupid accountants 
Working, unfortunately. Today is not going to be a good day 
working, working but it is raining 
working, working, working and ouside is the weather so great 
Working.  I can't wait till 4:30. Funeral on monday. 
Working. Done 68 pages now tho. Just 32 to go.... and 4 boards...and the presentation. Oh how whammed is looking unlikely now. 
Working. I've been here since 6:30am. I'm exhausted, I got 4 hours of sleep. 
Working. Maths past papers. Ugh!! 
Working. So much to do, and here I am signing up with Twitter 
Working.. *rain rain rain..*  I need some sun!
working.. always working!! i wanna go shopping 
Working.. I wanna be with my baby 
WoRKinG...   I dON't FeEEeL LiKe WorKInG toDAY..
working...  p.s. I finished biigest &quot;note&quot; at blogspot about makeup payment order (blank CBRF 0401060)
Working... 500 left of max limit. Hope I don't go over 
Working... And attempting to keep squirrels away.............. Squirels 1, jesska 0   I should stick to spiders
Working... missing a few people right now... 
Working... slow here at T-mobile today 
working... time is going by too slow    and today is my late night
working.... On a monday  blah
working....would rather be celebrating Yahya's bday with the crew 
working...again...same $&amp;*%...different day...i'm so in the wrong field....miss the @ replies here on twitter... 
working...and hating it...i miss my babygirl 
working...stomach hurts....   
working..forever!!!! 8:45-6 
Working..Going to the gym right now..and tonight a course.. 
Working; wish I was home with my borscht... 
Workingggg ugh  lol
workingggggggg ughhh and my phone wont let me twitter  
Wishing I was working outside instead of being stuck at inside. Unfortunately, no Internet connection outside. 
wishing i went to belfast for the night to watch the manics, TUT 
wishing i went to birthday bash!! 
wishing i went to the melbourne high social instead of staying home. seemed gay before but it sounds like fun now 
Wishing i were back in nyc with my pals 
Wishing I were better at the internal politics thing 
Wishing I were in Haiti. 
wishing i were in nyc this weekend with @whitsimmons, caro, and rza 
Wishing I were in the bean like I was supposed to be this wkend 
Wishing I were with @HankTechentin on his special day 
Wishing I would be followed by someone meaningful 
Wishing it hadnt stormed here... Wa Wa Waaaaaaaaaa  
wishing it was 6am already! i'm tired of working nites   *tori*
Wishing it was naptime 
wishing it was nice out...i so need nice weather 
wishing it was nicer today so I could take my babies to Jones Beach for a walk... not gonna happen   Watch Yo Gabba Gabba instead
wishing it was payday. 
wishing it was saturday 
wishing it was sunday already so i could see alli again   I miss her and it's only been a few minutes!
Wishing it was tonight already... This is going to be a fun day 
wishing it was warmer out...  dr appt wednesday.. as always keeping fingures crossed
wishing it wasnt cold and rainy 
Wishing it wasn't raining so that I could go walking... 
Wishing it wasn't raining so that we could do some yard work 
wishing it wasn't the last day of spring break 
Wishing it would rain already !!! Humidity sucks  yuck.
wishing it would stop raining so I could see Jennie Finch play tonight! 
Wishing it would stop raining the sun would shine. Rainy Mondays at work are NOT what's up 
wishing it would stop raining,cuz i need another nice wkend 
Wishing jay was here with the rest of the family 
wishing J's mouse would work, I dislike using the trackpad.  Also wishes he'd wake up.. tis lonely without him.
Wishing my 2.5 year old could understand the concept that Daddy can't play, but better than that, wishing I could 
wishing my babies would get better.  I hate when they don't feel good &amp; having to put them through tests.  
wishing my baby was here with me.. 
Wishing my back didn't hurt so bad!! 
wishing my bff was on now 
Wishing my brother still lived in NY 
workk  hope its not busy! i want to stay in and watch the mtv movie awards!! 
Workk  i hate my job
workk till 2 then homework forever  PITCH BLACKK!
workkk  atleast it's shitty out so it wont be busy.
Workkkk 
workkkk 8:30-1:45, Doctor's apt at 2  and TRANFORMERS tonight!!!! 
workkkkk 
workmen r doing the heating...had to walk home in the rain...now im wet and i cant get to my clothes  im sockeing but p.e got cancelld!
Workng sucks when its hot out! 
Workout routine not even done and alex quits 
Workout time! Freeeezing and rainy here....perfect for the grad party today..NOT! 
Workout time. 
Workout was good! Had to stop early 
Workout workout workout 
workplace is being set on fire tomorrow morning and it sure does suck not having cell reception at work...i've missed so many fun things 
works 8.5 hours today  then going to the ex to see MARIANAS TRENCH so happy woot @joshramsay see you there
Works 9 to 6 today 
works all day every day  but only four more days until california!!!!
Workspace about 75% set up. 3 working computers and a couple boxes designated not to open. Functional. But sharing an office. Bummer. 
worktime 
workworkwork it's my life  kinda wishing you would call or text but you won't.
workworkwork throught the sun  and i wasnt at NFG yesterday  or polar bear club on fridayÂ ! this is... http://tumblr.com/xsp1x01dz
WORKY TIMES bye byeee 
worky tomorrow. still recovering 
Worky worky  no bueno
Worky, Worky, Worky....So nice outside 
World history 
world history sucks. i wanna go home 
World hunger increases by 100mil from the fina crisis reaching 1 BILLION   http://tinyurl.com/mhr77q
World of warcraft is not the best thing to play if you only wanted somthing to pass the time, it normaly ends up passing the day instead 
World of Warcraft makes me sad. I can't find a raid team where i belong anymore. 
World of Warcraft Patch  3.1.2, no funciona battlenet 
wishing my computer wasn't broken. 
wishing my daughter would call me..  
wishing my days off were the same days that people wanted to party. 
Wishing my dreams could come true  Knowing they never will 
wishing my fellow skydiver (TS) a speedy recovery after a bad accident....... 
Wishing my long weekend wasn't over yet.  
Wishing my man was home 
Wishing my office was downtown   Hope everyone has a great time at the parade!
wishing my sink was fixed 
wishing my stardoll hacker would give my account back that dumbbutt cant say as* cause i dont want to but i am mad 
Wishing my store had the blue icy 
Wishing my time off started sooner.  
Wishing philly had summerjam 
Wishing sccp on asterisk was more reliable 
wishing she could see @lntweet again tomorrow with @cheetahrawr in Modesto  I don't wanna wait until they come back to SF
Wishing she was 21 again 
wishing she was spending that night with her boo again 
WISHING SOME OF MY FRIENDS ACTUALLY HAD TWITTERS!  
Wishing that @DaynaFlowers and I could teleport. Def abt to miss a great audition 
wishing that i can not get any worst getting sick! 
Wishing that I could edit the fact that I screwed up my previous sentence... 
Wishing that I still had my job, Im feeling alittle sorry 4 myself 
Wishing that I wasn't sick coz then I would have been able to go out on the boat today 
Wishing that Madame Pomfry could fix my back real quick..&quot;I can mend bones in a heartbeat..&quot; uhggg  Army Wives is on tonight!!! 
Wishing that my brother was right here at home with me playing with his nieces and nephew. 
wishing that one of the jonas brothers would follow me  lol x
Wishing that the sun was shining 
wishing that the sun would come out 
wishing that this weekend was over 
Wishing the internets were nicer to me. My computer is dead-ish, useing Mr. Nuts and he doesnt have all my spiffy links 
Wishing the rain away at least for a couple of days! 
Wishing the rain would stay away for a while so that I can go to the pool 
wishing the rain would stop......such a pain when you cant go outside 
wishing the sun would come back, its been gone for days now 
wishing there was more people I knew at the beach this weekend 
Wishing there was something to do, everyone is busy 
wishing things could go back to how they used to be. things change to much. needing to calm down 
Wishing things could stay normal for more than a few days with us...  
Wishing things would get better for my 15 year son 
wishing this headache would go away.....  
Wishing this old Frozen Coffee in may car wasn't.........old........I'm thirsty 
wishing this wasnt the last weekend to study for finals 
wishing this weekend didn't have to end 
Wishing we had a lighter tone at work sometimes.   
Wishing we had fast internet NOW....not in 8 years!  http://bit.ly/I72Oi
Wishing we had more time to explore Seattle, a series of misteps this morning has signifigantly reduced our sightseeing time. Boo!!! 
Wishing we would get some rain. I don't like fireworks bans.  And when exactly did we move to the surface of the sun? O(ÂºÂ¿Âº)O
Wishing Xander a get well soon. He's been sick too much for a little guy 
Wishing Xbox Live would get put back up 
Wishing you ppl who are still in the area came to Summit! I miss you! 
wishing you were here everyday your with my everywhere I go....your my saving grace 
Wishing you were here. 
wishing. 
Wishs he didnt say, what he said to liz, the asomeness greatest person on earth, and hopes she forgives him, goodnight 
Wishs she didnt have to go work today! 
Wit @ROXEDUHHH crazy ass she's mad piffed I wish I was 
with @garysexton and @jasonmckinley...but no @rkoch88....    Sad day.
with @punkphink88 in my house! We HAD TO go from Palms!  but still having fun with rollercoaster games... It's SO FUNNY!
With @taylorconnolly and John, trying to figure out something to do lol I miss my baby so much 
with a back ache 
With a boy in a rock and roll band. @Wimbledon One man down.  I'd expected another Roger-Rafa. Looks like I'll have to wait for 2010
with a headache  missing my dog :'-( and tomorrow going to visit my grandma 
With a terrible headache... 
With aleaha its kinda sad bc shes moving sunday 
With all my &quot;uppity&quot; characteristics I miss the waffle house 
with all of my family, daddy, i miss you 
With any kind of luck we will be sprung from the hospital tomorrow ( Sunday ). I'm really going to miss the Glenn Beck tour tonight! 
With bobby uhh  get me outtah here
With Cynthia in the middle of 107, my car just died   I forgot to put gas !
With danny at rage..this is the ear he can't hear out of  http://twitpic.com/6q9wj
with father on our way to #prekmurje to check the damage on our house. Damn storms.  http://htxt.it/i/cEHx
With friends places. Still sick 
with great power, comes great responsibility..hang in there grandpap 
with her boy, trying to recover from what i think is a pinched nerve.. 
With higthened level of sparkling wine I am becoming more and more lustful. In-laws #boobs are increasingly sexy. Pity .... 
with insomnia...again 
with janee... bout to drop herrr offf 
With li-anne and farah in the bus now, looks like its gonna rain 
with lorenna, i love her to pieces. my feet hurt from today 
with mommy. WTF am I gonna do without her for 2 months? 
With my baby girls at the hardrock!  No boys allowed. LOL weather sucks!  
With my baby she's flipping me off 
with my BBFF Sharito!! Ufo is on line!! I'm waiting... but it's imposible!! 
With my bffffffff! I missshhhhh her 
with my dear aunt celebrating the birthday of my brother :O!!! i think cata is not going to come , she don't call me  !!
With my honeyy not really in the mood to go out 
with my kind of salary, I should not be working on weekends 
with my main man. thankfully hes not crazy yet. p.s. i am getting sicker and sicker 
With my pc not letting me download files and open old ones I may have to rewrite episodes 1 and 2 of Cell Saga Parody 
With Nate.  he leaves at 9am!!! This is torture. I am one very sad girl
with natty dreads. gonna go for a jog in a bit. 
With no home in a couple of days  someone has a box where I can live?
WITH NOTHING TO CONSIDER, THEY FORGET MY NAME 
With nothing to do but describe what I ate last, I suddenly realize...I am...TWEETLESS. 
with popcolaxoxo in the biggest mall in PL on You Can Dance Show. i wanna Kabu! 
With rain outside and an AC at permafrost level inside, I wish I would be in Roma already. But that'll have to wait till monday 
With sewks @ dave &amp; buster's.. Washing @chrisreg &amp; @monkeylove.. Hahaha!! @youngflame is the best.A8 yea chris beat me in racing sooo wat 
With so many different options I should feel popular...yet I just feel bombarded... 
with taylor phone is broken 
With Tears in my eyes! 
With the current H1N1 virus going around, do you think we might have to cancel (1) the wedding? (2) our planned Hong Kong trip? 
With the fam...about to hit the road. Yeah, it hurts in the morning too. 
with the family  / please donÂ´t breake my â™¥ 
With the internet and computer, my reading has come even below the staple level. 
With the kids at the church nursery. Having fun but i miss my baby. . . 
with the likes of harman and farage is it any wonder no one votes? in other sad news james morrison is supporting springsteen 
With the skype update my wamp server doesn't start anymore. And the solution I found after the last update doesn't work anymore... 
with the teardrops in my eyes 
With the way the wind is whipping outside I'm afraid I'll lose power and the Lakers will win the WCF tonight and I'll miss it.. 
with these kind of power cuts  i need a NOT gate before the main power supply. at least the duty cycle will improve.  
With this result, England will climb to 5th position in the IRB ranking and we'll go down to 6th  #rugby #pumas
With throatache. Damn it! Can't sing da cover 
With very much headache  
Withdrawing from ddub's laboratory contest     Damn clip art copyright issues.
Withdrew from the Jim Gunn workshop.   I still have a month or so to apply to Viable Paradise but I'm too bummed to think about it now.
Within a week, visitors from 15 countries to http://www.AxureWorld.com, but so far no one from Africa or East Asia 
withksl, missing brv  ....
Without electricity for 9hrs and counting 
without legs pants would be like duh... now wat do we do? 
without music I can't live anymore, it's the best thing in life, I wish I could play the drums -&gt; I'm so sad  
Without my baby though... 
without my cousin in our house, its kinda lonely for me, he's the only one who i can play jokes with.. 
without notebook! had to turn it in to gravis, will probably take a week to repair (logicboard) ...hopefully covered with warranty 
without smokes this day is going to be long and sucky. 
without sounding like a douche, though 
Without Twitter Life is Like The Seasons With No Summer Without Twitter its Like Short Stack Without Bradie Webb As The Drummer 
Without wings again 
Without you I stand alone. i miss you 
Witnessed JJ take two steps today at brunch. No twitpics though 
witnessed not one but two car accients today 
Witnessed shooting yesterday... Fatal shooting .. 
witnessed something disturbing. will definitely not sleep well tonight. missing babah 
Witnessing my first Midwest Lightning Storm, under severe watch until tomorrow. Pretty cool stuff. Oh yeah and it's 75 degrees out 
Witzig ist ja, das twittern und mail geht, aber websites und AppStore sind tod 
wk 3pm-1am. and its a beautiful day!!  its ok iam renting a boat next weekend, muahahaha!!
Wkend getaway to Napa Valley, CA.  on the way to sea-tac airport.  just noticed i left my fully-charged camera at home    hing-
wksmth78, where are you?   
World record of lack of twiiter update... &gt;30 days!    I will try to be more present. Today I'll have meetings... meetings... and classes.
World Stage  Metallica en MTV  wowwwwwwww me gustaria estar en su concierto 
WORLD! Why the FUCK did you bitch so hard about Golden Axe: Beast Rider? There is something there and I'm sorry you didn't see it. 
worldpay is down and it's giving me a headache 
Worn out after a lovely Sunday!  Bummed that Kyler's ear is hurting him so we will need to visit the Dr tomorrow. 
Worn out. 9 hour drive to Texas, not fun!! Miss my toots 
worried about andrew 
Worried about Bry, he has bronchitis and a sinus infection   Poor baby.
Worried about dawnald!!! 
Worried about Dixe, he doesn't look very good 
worried about doin this color, i think its gonna look like a basketball but thats what she wants  oh wells!
worried about gramma in ICU 
Worried about max... 
Worried about my aunt... 
worried about my baby 
Worried about my baby Lang 
Worried about my bro 
Worried about my Dad. 
worried about my dog she is such a trooper she has 10 staples in her foot 
worried about my friends in Iran 
Worried about my honey, Steve. In hospital. Very bad shape. Part of foot removed. Diabetes is a very ugly thing. Please pray for him.  
worried about my kitty 
Worried about my kitty who had to stay at the vet last night 
worried about my kitty. had some sort of convulsions last night and blood came out his nose. vet time, little buddy 
Worried about my kittycat....don't think he'll be with me much longer  (he's almost 19)
worried about my nana 
Worried about my poor little cat.  
worried about my puppy dog, he's a little under the weather 
worried about my training study... it's going to get a loot longer as I thought 
worried about people 
Worried about snoopy. I hope he's alright. I hate leaving him alone...&amp; I'm going to be gone all night 
worried about Spookie.... his breathing sounds strange   will take him to the vet tomorrow, crossing my fingers I can get him in
worried about this sore throat 
worried about Thomas being out in this nasty weather 
worried about where we are going. i still love you, i just need some time to myself. 
worried and bothered about some news 
Worried and losing sleep. I miss my baby.. 
WORRIED AND TIRED.. 
Worried bout her sick doggie Gracie- having more tests done, prognosis so far not good! Please pray! 
Worried bout my sis, but got a contact to call me if anything happens. 
Worried for my Camry who's battery just died 
Worried like never before, my baby is in the hospital 
Worried that I didn't get that job 
worried that my cat may have feline diabetes 
worried that noone is bidding on my skirts cos they are out in the sun  19 minutes to go and my profit isnt looking good!
Worried. 
Worries for a close friend's well being and hopes they're ok. Don't know what i'd do if something happened to them 
Worriiiied!! Hopefully my grampa is in good health. Que dios lo vendiga 
worrrk crazzzyy! 
Worrying about @peterpan_  Wish he was at home instead 
Worrying about 3 important exams one day after the other! 
worrying about an essay i have to do! 
Worrying about being sick -- or having hay fever -- or whatever this feeling is.    Trying to figure out if I should drive to Pgh or not.
worrying about foot blister....when will it get smaller?? literally the size of my little finger 
worrying about the my chem final 
worrying about you 
Worrying sick about him 
worrying that tickets mighhht be alll sold out 
Worrying to much about tomorrow! Given myself a headache! As usual! 
Worse again though... STILL no word back from @poetryireland regarding my pat cat Macaroni poem, does it not rhyme or something, jeez 
worse headache of my life!!!! it won't go away  that's what happens with too much cheap wine.....lol
worse is, it's one the same day as HM: the movie premieres in singapore! I WANNA GO AND WATCH MILEY, NOT blow some stinkin' instruments 
worse than a fairytale 
Worse: I don't know much about cars. 
Worst 2 days ever.. 
Worst burn of my life! so sick 
Worst day 
worst day ever  i shoulda stayed in bed &amp; watched @johncmayer again.. heading to go do that actually, only way to feel better thanks john.
Worst day ever got worse with some bad news about an immediate family member who is in the hospital 
Worst day ever to not have internet! I'm missing so much stuff today.  Thanks Drew.
worst day ever. i guess i just shouldn't leave the house. ever. now i have the hiccups, too. 
Worst day ever...  Dental work and both XBL and Warhammer servers are down today 
worst day of internship...more than 65 kms of travel...still many days to come like this 
Worst day of my life  I wanna go home already
worst day, had a blood test and my bf had to get xrays of his back and to top it off our rear window of the car got smashed 
Worst ever!!! Freakin Fedex F'ed up the packages....now I have to &quot;wait and see&quot; ATT and Fedex can now suck it. I hate being an adult! 
Worst experiece of my life.  
Worst feeling in the world: Rolling over and hearing the alarm going off, only to realize that you have to go into work today.  
Worst feeling:  when someone you love is having a tough time and you can't do anything about it. 
worst flu ever  laying on lounge watching 'Guess who's coming to dinner', a stellar cast! imagine the controversy 40 odd yrs ago..
worst fucking day ever . fml 
worst half an hour everrrr  seriously annoyed me
Worst headache ever and only 1 hr of sleep. still have over 6 hrs to go...  
worst headache EVER!!!!!!!!!! 
Worst headache ever.  Have had it since last night! Just finished latex filming..
Worst headache in da worlldd 
Worst lab meeting ever. Period. 
Worst migrain of life 
Worst moooood!#$%  !
Worst movie: 'Zack and Miri Make a Porno' absolutely awful!  should have known..
Worst night of my life  @Lindsey3415 and @Im_Always_Right I have to call you guys soon
Worst night sleep ever! Well, in a long time at least. Only got a good 2 hrs. maaaybe 
worst night's sleep ever!! idk why...nervous for work? nervous for school? either way, i'm freakin exhausted 
worst nights sleep ever.  Coffee and a bath for me methinks.  Fucking chavs. 
Worst of it is I can't afford dentist 
Worst pain ever...ugh  leaving for France in the morning!
Worst part about being home is that i have no where to hang my michael phelps calender 
Worst part about new tattoo: NO SWIMMING FOR TWO WEEKS  x infinity
worst part about payday = paying bills 
Worst part of missing #rebcchi is the lost chance to meet @HomePartner @RobHahn &amp; @MattDollinger f2f 
Worst part? Beige suede strappy espadrilles, so they had pink stains on them. 
Worst sleep ever  why am i awake
worst sleep of ma life, didnt fall asleep till like half 4  and my sims 3 didnt come so i'll have to wait till monday! grrrr.
Worst sunburn ever!!!!! it hurts so bad 
Worst sunday EVER - Nadal knocked out of Roland Garros 
Worst thing about vacation? No gym  I'm sprouting a second chin as you're reading this. Mmmmm salt water taffy I'll eat you all!!
Worst torture ever? Having to listen/watch Family Guy cartoon reruns! It makes my ears cringe! But hub loves it! 
Worst traffic jam ever, over 2.5 hours and I've only moved maybe a mile. 
worst weekend  next w'end will be better!
worst weekend. ever. feeling like a sore loser. imagine studying on weekends.  how can it get any worse!!
worst. day. ever. cant wait to graduate this stupid school. 
Worst. Day. Ever. Needing some legitimate hug action. Show starts in 30 
worst. dream. ever. srsly freaked out 
Worst. Insomnia. Ever. 6:15am and I've been awake all night long.  Always been a night owl, but this is f*cking ridiculous!  Hafta work!  
worst... hangover... ever! 
Worst.headache.everrrr. 
Worstt day  so bored of world religions.
Wot to wear, wot to wear... 
wot, no fireworks tonight? 
wotatinychat is depressing me. 
Would adore a 5 minute time-out before chores, but this oncoming severe t-storm is not allowing me rest 
would be keen as for an ipod touch but got no money 
Would be looking forward to the hottest weekend all year, but sadly working all weekend  xx
would call @GabrielSaporta again, but i can't sing  haha
would Cracker Jacks ice cream be good? caramel base or vanilla base? and no, don't think i can freeze any little prizes into it - sorry 
would feel weird following a celebrity... I try not to be too stalker-like.  I fail at fangirling.
Would have been 2nd in the relay too if we hadn't been disqualified. Sad times 
would have liked about 4 more hours sleep this morning 
Would have love to go to the game but I'm married to work for another nine days. 
Would have loved to go to http://www.v12-gt.com/ launch cocktail tonight... 
Would have sent flowers, but I'm on Edge; no 3G. 
would have won arc of catching fire(SIGNED!) by suzanne collins but was removed for copyright issues... my book store did not get any in 
Would I bewrong to go push this chick out my bed.. to damn sexy to be snoring 
Would it be lame if I said I cried at Niley singing bts. I know I'm late but I just watched it... not coz it's Niley but it was just 
would it be wrong to go lay in bed right now ? my head is pounding 
would like a @jimmyeatworld UK tour desperately 
would like a glass of DIET COKE not Fanta, ughhhh no haz moarz 
would like a nap but can't 
would like no drama please 
would like the weather to improve........after all it is summer 
Would like to apologize to lissi Lawrence nd charlotte James for not talking to them at cricket this morning  Just got back from 2nd game!
would like to be at the wired biz conference 
Would like to be sitting at the lake but i'm at work  buh
Would like to be visiting Lohan &amp; Noah (@millerbrothers) @Bookstock this week.  did you buy their book yet? It's worth the read.
would like to be with her friends. Any of them.... But the ones who are in Florida, Texas, and New York especially.  I miss yous.
would like to blow a big raspberry at the world! Specifically computers 
would like to have even a little bit of time off work. Laying out until 11:30 then work 12:30-8:30. 
would like to have fun with my friends.. i hate the rain 
would like to look at GWT but every time see 'java' feel bad 
Would like to thank Tabatha for sharing her illness with me  sick.
would like to win the Angels &amp; Demon grand prize: trip to ROME! but sadly i will never read such a silly book. 
Would love an #iPhone but not while AT&amp;T has the monopoly 
would love for his user name to be changed, and would like for Matt to die....stop tweeting my twitter...that you made...so confused 
Would love ideas on how to improve hit #s on my website, http://www.buschpetproducts.com.  No ad budget right now either! 
would love to be sleeping BUT at work right now 
would love to dive into the atlantic right now. nvm. 
Would love to get a couple more hours of sleep but her mind is already moving too fast. 
Would love to go to the Strawberry Festival but doubt it would help me get my pants buttoned... 
Would love to have seen him live, sadly that ain't gonna happen 
would love to know where 21:03 is on twitter but cant find them  twitter got to do better with this search engine
Would love to know why my Nokia is just not switching on!!! Gotta luv technology sometimes... 
would love to know why she has to work every single day of her life. Just let me sleeeep 
would love to model for nirrimi!  she has such pretty pictures, but is in australia 
Would love to see family tweeps reviews on Sugarbush's FREE Kids' Day. Sadly, I couldn't make it  #btv
would love to stay in the garden sunbathing but my lil 1 gets 2 hot an botherd 
Would love to take a hot shower.  But now have to wait for more hot water.  Someone beat me to it 
Would love to take another, but don't wana O.D. that would not be cool......hmmmm guess i live with the pain 
Would much like to be at E3 next week and not doing exams 
would much rather be outside 
Would my anipals be so kind as to vote for me? I was just passed  http://tinyurl.com/l5gwzw
would of been seing kol tonight 
would only see Pretty Wings to one girl in particular 
would put her facebook status on because its amazing...but its too long 
would rather be at Spring Awakening. 
Would rather be at the Coldplay concert right now... 
would rather be spending time with his #ECLR peeps... I don't want to go to work today!! 
Would rather have nightmares w/ monsters n killers than the bad dream she had last night 
would rather have the heat than the MASSIVE and LOUD air con unit right next to me 
Would really appreciate a sit down meal and does not want to go back on the redbull and cashew diet - with the occasional ham sandwich 
would really like a bowl of mint chip ice cream for breakfast.  Of course, we don't have any.  
would really like to stop answering stupid email request and get on to other stuff 
would really like vegemite on toast but the vegemite is gone, erin is now sad  mew.
would really love to go on holiday.but its not gonna happen 
Would really rather stay home and get on with my work 
would say that she is amped. But she is not much of a liar 
Would the crash have corrupted my game save? It's not loading at all, even after restarting the system.  #fail #ps3
Would you all think less if I admitted to not unpacking my @download2009 bag yet? 
Would you believe that my mom is actually asking me to ditch my classes this Friday? I would love to, to tell you the truth. But I can't 
Would you like some booze, i broke maggie's camera 
Would you say &quot;hello&quot; 2 me for the 1st time?? Huuu 
would, at this point in the night, be smoking a bowl in my cave of a bedroom and listening to awesome music (Opeth). But  not tonight
Wouldnt be good to publisise 
wouldn't it be nice to save up previous happiness to use later on 
Wouldn't mind, but I'm tired to the point of being utter grumpmonster. Poor @JamieDempster 
Wouldn't recommend upgrading your iPhone by using the .ipsw package. Mine's dead until later 
Wouldn't you know it - the one morning I forgot my cell is the one morninf there's work issues 
Wouldn't you know it! I bring up my camera at the last minute for some night photography and the battery is too low for it to work 
wouldve had internet but my modems at work and i didnt go 
wow - am finally seeing reports from Iran. The 'unrest' seems to be turning towards Tienamen square... 
Wow - got a super harsh YouTube comment. The whale meat video brings out the mean in the crazies faster than just about anything else... 
wow - great day - SUN SUN SUN but have to work now 
Wow - homework is done, passed the Rev. tested, submitted paper - I guess I could get early start on next week  now I want a bike 
wow  I am up late, can't sleep and my man isn't here to help me get tired!!   Drinking a glass of wine for now.
Wow  I clicked on the &quot;Trending Topics&quot; for Secret Life and it ruined the season for me. Good one Angela.
wow - this weather is scorching! too hot to go to work 
Wow - Vegas was amazing amazing amazing! I'm sooo moving here! Back home to shitty England tomorrow 
wow  wow so many things ive seen i wanted from the store not enough cash for it all 
wow ! i've just found out that Schwarzenegger follows me !! Woo ! p/s : He plays Terminator =] Cool -Still hate life 
WOW #marsiscoming is a trendin topic and its some people spamming it over and over 
wow .. just heard about the Air France flight. so upsetting. i hope they can at least find it for, you know, a sort of closure. bummer. 
Wow ... still replaying last night over... I wanna go again  Come back Pink COME BACK!!
wow :s I know I've gone over download when my net is going this slow 
wow @denisevlogs doesn't remember who i am. 
Wow @SouthwestAir is so inconvenient for business travel. Why can't I checkin online just because my company booked my flight???  got B38
Wow -_- my myspace status was booboo&lt;3  n my &quot;booboo&quot; thinks it's 4 some1 else and doesn't wanna talk 2 me!!  WTF!!  Tears man tears 
wow 12th series of South Park, but I dont even watch it... im still hungry WHY DOES JD HATE ME???????????? 
wow 17 updates:O gtg in 30 mins mum needs my help  be back on at 7, 6 followers and i just joined thanks! twitter is addictive lol love it
Wow 2day kinda sucks 
Wow 3 hours of continuous swimming...feeling great! ..except the part where I swallowed some chlorine water 
wow 5:17am sunday: bad assed mood and off to work 2 words Epic.Fail 
wow 67 and counting... I'm starting to feel bad for her and I don't even got no kids 
wow aaliyah did a song with static that i 4got about, &quot;loose rap&quot; - song was pretty dope and they both gone 
wow all my friends are leaving 
wow all my friends have plans tonight  this is why I need a girlfriend
WOW ALL MY NITE TIME FRIENDS ARE GONE 
Wow almost a week since last twitt. Yep work's been that fun. 
Wow amazing why am i up so econ early 
Wow awesome first day...more magic kingdom today...no oa training this week 
wow beanbags are seriously the best to sleep on, pity i'm alone 
wow BIG day planned, can't wait. i miss Joey 
wow blink concert sold out already.... need to pay attention 
wow can't believe I got send home from work. I don't want to get sick 
WOW can't believe the temps for June....high of 17 degrees today  Off to the Autism walk in a few minutes...wish us luck
wow cant sleep  im soooo hot! mi weather sucks!
wow cavs lost  andd.. im in toronto 
wow ce haine are Andreea Banica... 
wow celtics wow  pretty upset
Wow chaneles nephew passed away yesterday.. He was part of a drive by and got shot 6 times for no reason. And she still came to work.. 
Wow- definately rather be anywhere but work today  x
Wow did you hear about the aeroplane? they dont no where it is? and... susan boyle has been taken to a clinic thing because of stress i/t 
Wow didn't realize I had dial-up again! I may even wait to do it tonight or tomorrow if it keeps going this slow. Might even call in! 
Wow didn't really mean to put in a 12 hour day.  
wow Dodgers got shut out 
Wow downloading the Pitt and the other add on in fallout 3 sweet but slow 
Wow Erika! Ur pup e really must have somethin wrong with it! We need to go somewhere fun soon, last night just had no hope 
Wow everyone really wants to slap me 
Wow everything has been going so good in 2009. I knew something would have to finally go wrong this year. But did it have to be now? 
Wow finally found free wifi. Currently in tsim sa chui. Everythings so expensive. 
WOW first thing i see on tv: lil wayne's prom whatever. Ew 
WOW FML. I hate Algebra 2 sooo much. ITs so fucking hard. I cant finish the study guide!  And I cant turn in my hw tomorrow UGHHHHHHHH
wow for the love of god I can't get the hang of dominoes 
wow going to take a napp tiredd buhh didnt do anything today 
wow got 8 followers last night lol now 20 followers phaha thanks all ! and 2morrow Latin  it's so difficult ! wish me lucks are welcome !
wow got flaked on 
wow had a rough day 
WOW Have you seen this? http://tinyurl.com/lkqm8y I had no idea it was this bad, the Gov spin doctors must be working super overtime 
wow having a gr8 time with friends. Cant really believe we are leaving the college soon 
wow how come everyone gets bored of loving me?? 
Wow how time flys when your having fun. Reading a book about the beatles! I just love love love them. I was born in the wrong time 
wow I am in a funk today 
wow i am so sick i hope this is gone by tomorrow 
wow i am so tired this morning its unbelievable... having ebay problems though 
wow i am sooooooooo SAD 
wow i am sucking on my show today.... 
Wow I am up far too early. I'm only ever up at this time due to #coffeefuelledcoding but this time I have to go to the doctors 
WOW I can't believe the weekend is almost over..... 
wow i can't even write, last FINAL...that is not a good sign for this essay based exam... 
Wow I can't imagine leaving everything I know behind me for 1 yr...I'd be traveling the world, but I won't be home.. 
wow i can't remember the last time i got up at 10am on a sunday out of choice. work to do. no-one else is awake 
Wow I can't sleeep. 
wow i do not get anything in algebra. its so freakin hard and i forgot everything we learned this year 
Wow i feel horrible today  i have so many plans. I hope i feel better in an hour or 2
wow i feel light headed, ima go lay down 
wow i finally get a chance to go into chat and there is nobody there 
Wow i found a network...but is security enabled 
Wow I got lots of complements today about my beatles tee! Still feel like crap inside and out  
WOW i got modded.....MEEEEEE.... what????..... and i thought i was nice..... shame on me.... am i taking the wrong path threw life 
Wow I had a hard time sleeping tonight  hopefully a cold shower wakes me up
Wow I have a headace  I'm in chapter 8 of twilght though. Buy I think I'm going to go to bed
WOW I HAVE BUTTEFLYS 
wow i have like no followers 
wow i have no friends on twitter 
wow I have wayy too many clothes it took forever to clean my closet and dresser 
wow i havnt been on here in a while.. i feel kinda bad 
wow i havnt cried in a long long time, but i cried a lot today. it's funny how people you thought cared about you can hurt you so bad 
Wow I just ahd an amazing COLD shower  My sunburn hurts 
WOW i just drank a drink of water - 12 ice cubes that took ages to melt. i now have brian freeze 
Wow I just found out that Margaret isn't going to be in the next series!! This one was her last!  It won't be the same without her. &lt;3
@vonIrrwegen yeah I know, cheers back! so, how is her majesty the queen I heard about the accident 
@vonIrrwegen yeah I should be going back as well .. the loss of the bike has caused a few issues 
@vonIrrwegen yeahI'm abit like you .. I get annoyed but usually at myself for doing some wrong 
@VonJe78 i am a scorpio with a Leo Rising and Cap MOON BOOOOOOOOOO   
@vonniebeee i like that 2, mysp nvr said that 2 me 
@Vonnieee .the trailer was awesome, my friend says that rob did bad  i was like :O
@Vonnieee argh! I know!!  Me too, poor Melina, going to be buried by McCool.
@Vonnieee I didnt see it, darn  I'm still hoping Punk is there for you! I think he might already be confirmed!
@Vonnieee LOL =P not good enough  no Melina  lol.
@vonniev no  I'm taking my foster siblings to Marine world instead
@vonnyBANG I'm gooood, how are you bb? I haven't spoken to you in ages  too long!
@vonnysmells I am on holiday till the 11th of august  And this year's line-up is SO good!
@VonQuale they're assessin her mental health. guess she had a nervous breakdown. they didn't strap her to a gurney, though. poor subo. 
@VonSmith I am tone def 
@Vonzilla yea that is sad very very sad 
@voodoo35 I don't think he's gonna do a chat  it's gettin too late now
@VoodooAngie Awwww, that sucks! You had a nice bike too.   That's an awful feeling...
@voodoodollyanna It's not beautiful. It's not raining. 
@voodooexp2009 I know!  I was gone all day/night and phone died around 10... Got home at 1am to see contest over. I will pay better att'n!
@voodooexp2009 when are y'all gonna announce the lineup... I can't wait anymore 
@Vorsaga i am not sure yet.... i havent thought about it really...... but i cant wear my heels because it is in a field 
@vosdjs LOL yea the fondue is on point... but that Chocolate Lava Cake is what you really want...but I wont be here   Im Mon-Fri babes!
@votetocracy Votetocracy FTW. Re the sign up: there are many Americans abroad. We don't all have US addresses.. I'm one of them for now! 
@VoVat I get horny every seven minutes, so I guess Spock and I make a bad couple 
@voxaeterno Ooooh, you got me there!  
@VoyceAlexander i cant sleep  u should write a duet so we can sing it lol
@voyd ya I heard 7 was a giant leap in the right direction. This is a work comp though  Ill enquire! 
@voyunge  time!! time pass really quickly  that  it's scary.... I think so haha
@vp2008 It was hot! B) Too bad for the owner 
@vpmedical Oh dear.  Hope that headache is gone soon.
@VR0 is buying live lobster for dinner... Going to boil them to death.  I can hear them moving around in the cart!
@vrikis ages  about about a year haha, i got totally conned over the phone with a contract and a really bad phone never use phones4you
@vrise G4 ran the story too and they called it a non-nude photo shoot.  hahah
@vRITHNER Ah, now found it http://tinyurl.com/o6a32j. Didn't show up in a #bing search!  Looks nice though, so I'll try it.
@vrnc i never knew spiderman is left-handed. we are n00bs 
@vronmcintyre I want an espresso machine 
@Vronnyka Also, why are you not on my face? It is lonely 
@vsanchez9 i called you beezy!!! no answer 
@vscitylights omggg i am so sorry i just got this!    what are you doing possibly on friday?
@vsfaith you all play how big  i iz pawn
@vsolana aww  wats wrong with ya?
@VsReyes well you asked a question...and you got me all excited..then you never replied  what a tease!!!
@VsVibeSpot  u misssed both the krave event went verrry well!
@VtgRoseClothing I just lost a listing...right before it posted on etsy 
@VTnicci o_o;  Why the emoness?   Don't be dumb. &lt;3 Think of all the chapters you still have to slave over? *whips* (I kid. Feel better!)
@vubui I would love to attend but I'm not in the SoCal area. 
@Vudell Omg. We were just reading the same thread on the forums. Yay. ps I'm high and drunk. I'm sorry. 
@vuhhnessa I have a thing for blue eyes. Uh. I wish guys around where I lived looked like that. It is not fairr. 
@vuhhnessa Nah. It has not came out yet. I do not think it is this weekend either.  Ima mega sad. 
@vuhnessuh  thanks. idk what his deal is, if he just hits on random girls and hooks up with them or what. i'm not going out with him today
@vuhnessuh damn it!  agghhh. another time i guessss haha.
@vuhnessuh i think the smartpunk one might be out of bracelets and posters 
@vuitton ..and leaves every sunday morning, but usually he comes back for 3/4 days every 10 days of not seeing me.. 
@Vukizzle To be honest I think it will make for poor self esteem for the young mother 
@vuolo_design Except I looked it up, SF residents only for free zoo. 
@vuoto too much effort im afraid 
@Vuze i thought following use. use would post about new movies coming out and stuff 
@vv brown Hi Vv, a bit pissed off at the number of copies on ebay of your promos...twice the bastards have got me, not cheap either 
@vval the kitten one is my favorite, hehe! And I didn't buy any at the 5$ sale! I forgot.  Which one did you get again? (Stupid memory!)
@VVbrown ahhh man i thought that film was gonna be good... 
@VVbrown i feel your pain 
@vvHernandez i miss him so much  was SO sad i can't believe he's gone  well PRAY people you don't know when .. http://bit.ly/j93cW
@vweastside no i'm working  are you going to join the masses? when i agreed to work i was like damn it! wonder if it will be 800this year
@VWsalesguyVA it feels more like 120  redheads do t tolerate heat too well. Not diggin this.
@VWsalesguyVA that's a fantastic image 
@Vynse how come we never hang out???/ 
@VyPink I KNOW!!!!! im gonna take a pic for you lol. pinkberry's so weird without you 
@vyrtue77 i feel bamboozled.  I'll try again the real way.
@Vytal I think us fuckin wiff me 
@vzofficial i need vacations too..! I read geography!! oh my goshh 
@W_Colin_Young our drummer and i once split a dozen FRESH krispy kremes. he didn't eat one and made me eat it. 7/5 split  i hated it
@W_Hancock I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@w_hancock thanks!!  my sister is initiating me to twitter!  it's fun!  you have a great day , too!  it's cloudy in ga 
@W_Parrish love you. i wish the weekend wasn't over 
@w00dRabbit *appalled* But I am always good.... *sigh* 
@W1mum are you ok? wait sounds like it could be pretty tedious 
@w2kx i am trying 
@w3ndee come back on msn  my computer dcd before -.-
@w3ndee noo! as in tweeting the same thing twice in a row  im never gonna catch up to you if you do that 
@wabbitwords http://twitpic.com/7pu3k - It's always sad when you reach the end of the cup.  
@wabbitz18 nope, its coming out june 2, sorry   15 days awayy
@Wachnik awww  what a lame-o..ps i have no more school! lets do something!
@wachunei  yo tampoco he visto UP 
@wackREPKO well lucky you. why is that so funny? so i guess i won't randomly see you this summer at the festa or anything 
@wackyberry Plus, now I'm spoiled  / Front, rail, camera, big lens  / Lolla, be in back  
@wackypaki  You don't look over 30....
@wadcorp So you're drinking a white?  That sounds refreshing.  I need to call hubby to pick up some...I have no more.  
@waddle2u hmmmmm...if only dean winchester were here . he'd know what to do lol !..feel better 
@WadeBagley homework 
@wafflelovesme Hahaha! Ugggh! haven't tried that one yet 
@wafflesgirls and i am jealz beyond belief 
@Wafuku_kimonos aha!  Thanks.will have to wait till I am at somebody elses house then 
@WaggaVeronica leaving tomorrow so sad 
@wahine69 I woke up early this morning to run the new update but it wasnt available 
@WahlbergSoldier Hey I'm a Donnie girl too. Do you have any shows coming up? Mine are all over 
@wahliaodotcom Yep I'm working too  But the weathers crap so not so bad!!
@WAHMBizbuilder Learning the entire 1st act of Giselle as the lead. To perform tomorrow. 'Cuz our original lead got in an accident today. 
@WAHMoms Yes, but when the kid is not napping I am working on my Mom job. 
@wahmsuzanne  Hi there, don't have a site at the moment  Enjoying baking for my 2  boys! if you like baking...http://tinyurl.com/mgm7ql
@WahooPooh It was appraised at $1,800, but I would take $1,000 (plus shipping) for it.  It doesn't fit with anything I have.  
@WahooPooh sod that, I can't spend 5 days in jail 
@WahooPooh Were they even begond the nice crispy stage? 
@wahseiluj awh.  one day...
@Wain_Anthony not too many ppl showed up + the dj wasn't connecting wid the crowd. The vibe jus wasn't there 
@Wainerz lol oh yeah! i haven't been on it yet y'know!!  x
@waitingword Thanks girrl! Hope they come to their senses... *sigh* 
@WaitressTails I think its one at a time I'm sorry  but its amazing aint it!?
@WaitressTails Ur shih-tzu isn't stupid 
@waitwaitwait i wish you were too  im glad you were with robby though.
@wajakemek same here...  I'm going to the clinic. Can't be too careful.
@wakachamo it doesn't bother me 
@wakachamo lol it's not like other browsers haven't taken cheap shots at IE. 
@wakawakawowow are you ill? 
@wakehurst2 I just forked out the full whack... Didn't see any discount options  where was that??
@wakeup_maggie crapppolaaaaaaaa  what did you get
@wakeup_maggie sorry I missed your blog tv last night  I went to bed early because I have to get up early for work.
@WaKeUp2MuSiC i need 2 but my string 
@wakingLifexx ikr, I thought I saw Katie once; almost had a heart attack. 
@waldorfs I want to tell him just to see his facial expression. He'll shit bricks if he finds out. omfg I can't believe I'm now a Gemini 
@Wale Can your biggest fan PLS get a Tee?????  I mean...what's a girl gotta do? 
@Wale don't really follow football, but I'm down with the Knicks and the Mets...biggest mistake: being the knicks and the mets 
@Wale...the red line...fort totten...rush hour 
@WalesTourism Can't wait, but still miss David Morgan's 
@WalesTourism morning good weekend but sadly wasnt in wales 
@Walk_In_The_Sun bob why did you make the boards a sign in to look at fic job. I cant login on all the school comps so can't check stuff. 
@walk0nwater nope  so sad i lost that!!
@walkbyfaith76 That's exactly how i feel 
@walkingmac very cute! Twitter isn't going to my phone at all today  that's why I said hello to it, cause I wanna know whered it go :'(
@walkingsoftly i ate those leaves once.  as a kid.  I didnt get high, no fair! 
@walksthesehills i liked the male lead okay but... n, it's not, you're right 
@Wall_flower7 
@Wallace_Reid Mine has gone text-only, completely unusable.   I'm having to go into FFox. 
@WallaceMLeBan oh Damn. good luck with that. i lost my free lunch pass! 
@wallewhoa i dont have my favorite red hoodie at hand right now 
@wallflowersperk I WAS WONDERING THE SAME THING LAST NIGHT!!!  I watched it on the dvr after we got back from movies and got SO MAD @ abc 
@walljm Sorry you don't feel well today.  But I'm glad you were able to rescue most of the pictures.
@WallpaperMusic you guys were awesome @ BFD i hope yalll hav more shows in the bay soon i missed the one at rickshaws  cnt wait!
@Wally_G I feel so left out 
@wallybubbz u dont even call 2 see wat in doin lol 
@wallydragon  Dude how are u ? Jason...  Long time we not play together   If my Emotional and mode is good lets play 
@WalsallCouncil LOL Now I get the tweet.I was actually looking for a costa too.won't say where I got one..not very nice 
@walsgiggle but..............i want the cookie too  hahaahah
@walterelly Any luck with your iPhone shipping? Seems their are screwing over the premier customers 
@walterpike eek! Not much luck with cars lately  you ok?
@waltersgotit He can be such a girl sometimes. I wish he would come 
@waltmossberg I probably should have grabbed a donut  failing to get free food is another symptom of being the world's worst grad student
@Wanda_S_Paryla poocinda said it was, she said the 1 we have is fake 
@WandaMoosejaw I guess our europe vacation dream is shattered..  You know what I mean..
@wandarful no new itouch, just a updated OS they are rolling out. Costs $10 bucks to dowload 
@wandasanchez Oh, so sorry to hear that.  Get well soon.
@wandatastic guess you didn't need any after all that hard work 
@wandatastic nice bad day for a drive thought its all wet and rainy 
@wandatastic The walking was terrible. There were bugs. 
@wanderblah where have you been! uh oh looks like wrong time to plan meat up 
@wanderchopstick that sucks!  are they going to compensate?
@wandering_fairy awwwwwwwwwwwww congratz  I wish my celebs recognize my work 
@wandering_fox Probably won't make it after all   But if you got a minute to drop in after...
@wanderingitaly Sounds like you're going out on a bang! Say &quot;Hi!&quot; to la LuniG; we won't see her again until September 
@wandermere I'm glad you had fun. I've decided I may actually go to my prom. 
@WandetheBoss it's cool. I need help with global history 
@wangsanata that sucks..  going for a 3rd?
@wanjagi If I tell you why, you'll regret why you asked why... then you will start asking yourself why you asked why 
@WannaBeALoserr suckkk....stupid. 
@wannabeosb so if you're cooking tonight guessing I won't be seeing you in Rye 
@WannaBeSkinny Ppl who dont make mistakes R ppl who nevr do anything 4 themselves! They wait 4 direction so thr is always sum1 2 blame! 
@wantit thank u sweetie! Back to reality !!  
@Wants2breakFREE 17 stitches? What happened? 
@wantsize0 I stayed the same again 
@wanyal 
@wAonLdeIrlCanEd he could have told me. 
@wardawarrie   no loveeeeeeeee
@Wardere nothing on a friday night cause of volleyball tourny tomowwo  SUMMER TIME THOUGH YAY
@wardkip, hi ward. i can't believe aj almost call you _________. Baka naman he's referring to himself. hahahahaXD MEAN ko. 
@wardnor where are you? you haven't seen your tweets.. 
@WardrobeGuy Sorry... What does that mean? I currently have a world phone &amp; I use apps. I'm confused... 
@warehouseangel did u watch tonight? i refrained from failure bc i vowed to my hubby we would listen together... He had work! 
@warhawkprincess I tried to join your game yesterday, connection failed 
@WarioSixFour And imagine that the MS conference is more than an hour away  Oh well...
@warisara Pm everything exciting happens when I am out of town  crazy!
@warlach woo hoo, now I just have to start cutting my nails so I can actually use an iphone 
@warlockuk  Nothing shocks me in this world anymore WL - seriously, long love capitalism hey 
@warlockuk I had THE SAME one, but it got nicked 
@Warnerbro i tried using it about 3 days back, nothing 
@warningmark  omg you did go home huh??? I forgot. Aw... 
@warningmark  that sucks that nobody wants to teach you
@warped09 i stilll havent got mine yet.!  im getting nervous
@warped09 I'm so fucking stoked! But I still have to wait like 2 months! 
@warped09 sorry, that &quot;all entries become property of FOE&quot; condition on photos entered in the contest doesn't fly here 
@warpedreporter what if I did all 3 surveys but maybe used 2 different email addresses? i can't remember  could I still possibly win?
@warren_bennett Oh dung! That's just as useless as a musical pen holder...   Quick go get some coffee...savour the freedom while u can...
@warrenaissance i love virgin  .... im gonna miss it :*(
@WarrenBeckett I found a bone in my milkshake 
@warrencass Off to the Norfolk Broads for a bit of R&amp;R (and a bit of DIY too  ). Have a good one Warren and enjoy the weather
@warrenellis I don't seem to be able to make people unfollow me, I block them but they still follow me 
@warrenellis sad at that political outcome. apathy must b at an all time high back in the motherland (or is that fatherland now?) 
@WarrenJMusiq awww....I'm soooo sorry!! 
@warrenss, looks like you sent a msg to @travelerbot, but you're no longer following him. He can't dm you back. 
@WarrenYip But they can eat all the amazing things any time they want and don't have to waste 1/2 their life at the gym. Craving Shabu 
@WarriorsEdge   Let me know if I can help with anything
@Warship1 It's complete BS, it was a lottery, you were lucky, and if you happen to be lucky again then you should have any problems. 
@warup noo 
@warwickarts thats the link to 2008, wheres 2009? 
@wasabean ?????????  Go for it!
@WasabiAnime man I wish I could. 
@wasted_rose you lucky shit! haha I'm going to college 
@wastedlittledjs aww well 
@wasteofpeinture lucky you, because that's all I seem to run into here 
@wastethesewords LOL XD That quote is awesome. I â™¥ Scooby Doo so much. But my copy of the movie is on tape  So I cant watch it!! T-T
@wastethisnight  I wish I would've came over I did nothing. and omgz i think evan taubenfeld is here tomorrow but he wont tell me where!
@wastethisnight eh 4 
@wastingpaper yeah  michelle sent me this lin years ago, about KFC, (i hate them,last tym i ate 1 i eas sick +o( on the finale of xfactor)
@Wastntime Someone contacted HB and they said that it would not be taped.    Hopefully we'll get home videos...  I take Topamax.
@watarigoro hmm but @rsuenaga wants to wish me dead away 
@WatariGoro i am too tired...had a after meeting after the meeting and no one waited up for me when  i came home , not even the doggie 
@WatariGoro so sad, hes sleeping  already. no one waited up for me 
@WatariGoro: I'm going crazy 4 them its insane seems like I'm a world away 
@watchasifall i was obsessed with it too! and now i am again  lol. i just think it's so awesome for some reason 
@watchingsunsets;; and I feel so bad because I was being mean to her.  ) I`ll tell you something weird k.
@WATCHMESINK sorry bfffff 
@watera my heating element blew up, its an old system  I would if I had the tub, guess I'll have to settle for a saucepan haha
@WATERDOLPHIN Chloe! I miss youuu! 
@WaterfallLily  Link is good until you do the final submission...then it vomits a mess of VBscript. Sent emails to contest person.  
@waterprotein @lbo @Matik join the club 
@watersn decidedly not good. 
@WATERSNANANA One of those days 
@Watever_Ista morning not yet still trying to get up!  You ok?
@watjonaslove  yeah!! IF YOU LIKE THE SONG IT MEANS YOU LIKE HER!! 
@watsoncomedian Lucky you, I'm not even a pretty face. 
@watsontv No Muse? K. 
@wattersm Curious, how was it too simplistic? Also, reading the docs requires people to...well, read.  Most feel that is a wste of time 
@wattle_neurotic  I'm bored too 
@wattsupman England lost though  To the West Indies. Boo!
@Waughon Just watched it, no prob. Not sure why it wouldn't play for you. 
@waveappreview wheeeen will it be open for us mortals 
@wavemike awww man. sorry baby 
@wavesgotyagirl why are ã?³ ignoring me 
@waxeye Thank you. It is very tough. 
@waxfang My mom can be so embarrassing...sorry 
@waxinglyrical wrapped in banana leaf? oops, am going against Twitter's short and concise &quot;rule&quot;.anyway,i need a coconut milk-something! 
@WAY_with_WORDS so unfair that Japan gets to see My Chemical Romance before we do 
@waydomatic - @anthonyshort... Boooooo! HR &amp; conference sites 
@waydomatic @triplej yes I've noticed this over the past few days too - sounds like the stream is being sent through a tin can 
@WayMoreHomemade Yes it does  Not liking that part. My OB said after 37 wks &amp; the hospital said after 38 wks. I'm hoping for my due date.
@Wayne_Luke don't you just hate it when that happens 
@waynebeaton sadly no   The mystique is gone.  
@WayneDaStar morning! Send one up for me..I'm not gonna make it to church today...still feel icky 
@waynefarro you forgot me    i'm sooo upset just kidding lol
@wayneford white sofas are definitely amazing! couldn't have them with a kid on the way though 
@wayner24 lol!! &lt;3 it's crap! i have so much, and im so bored and tired!!  lol, how's the twittering going?? lol
@wayneshort  what do u n yours have planned?   Im working all weekend 
@waynestanford Yeah, Last.fm recommended me to them [sic] actually! Sad that they broke up last year though. 
@waynesutton Wish I'd known that an hour ago. 
@wayno119 usually happens that way  kids have germs lol.  my 6 yo niece got attacked by a dog in FL yest  still waiting 2 hear what's up
@waynooooo  Did you hurl a torrent of abuse out the window?
@waywardpilgrim If only it were that easy. The windows are locked and we're not allowed to open them. 
@wazupstl @MrTeagan is getting gaybashed today by everyone. 
@wazupwithat Sis i miss you sis! What is dis?! you is gone...gone away....sad   Have a blast!
@wbaars i thought its a varient for violet , sorry 
@wbehun Hopes dashed. Thank you. 
@wbgookin no pics here  probably a good thing considering I had just dumped water on myself.
@wbgriffin haha we are both stuck in hometowns this weekend  ahhhhh
@WC89 what kind did u guys get?  I'm hungry 
@WcFieldsisaDick oh, sorry for makin u sad tho. 
@WCGalore finally back on here- theyve blocked this at my work now  Boo. ya id love to go to Disneyland for the first time 
@WCIA3News neg articles  what about  reporting of postives like new farmersmarket based local vendors brings jobs 2 community members
@WCMS945 good mornin Ray and J. I slept thru the mind bender. 
@WCMS945. My answer was first. 
@WCPO Could've really done WITHOUT the dead horse story late at night..signed, depressed animal love 
@wd8ldy Something can be technically accessible but not as usable as we might like. 
@wdprescott I hope all goes well.  Not a fun day, I am sure. 
@wdwdisneyland mission aborted. Decided that he wasn't tired after all 
@WDWHAPPY 
@wdwnews I can't believe the man who voices Mickey Mouse is dying.  Who'll be Mickey now?
@we_want_denitaa awhh your makking me sadd  ily.
@Weaktwos I guess that's nobody's business but the Turks!  
@wearebothcats i bet u were buzzing after that!.......i'll get my coat 
@wearecapulet NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
@WeAreGITe its 5:20pm here, if i went to sleep now i would wake up at like, midnight and be up till Silly o'clock again  naps for the win.
@weareglitter ha maybe i shoulda cried more, yes. im too english and polite 
@weareleet I'm now hungover, had so much greasy food but nothing is helping... 
@wearephoenix Want that! But can't justify it when I've already bought the album. Unless I get a winfall from somewhere. 
@wearephoenix you were by far the best set at #bonnaroo! i wish i had known you were playing rockNroll hotel (DC); now it's sold out 
@wearestereos wish i could make it to peace dot love tonite 
@WeareTHATfamily I'm so sorry.  That's no fun. 
@wearethecure I am so sorry for your loss   Thinking of you..
@wearethecure I dont like 2 think of this but if the time came, Id rather do it at home  sigh. Y do they age so fast. So much love mayb?
@WeAreTheFallen We need more than pictures! 
@wearetheoceans he isn't going to direct transformers 3 if it gets the go ahead!!!!!!  it wont be the same!!!!
@wearetheoceans ok  nite world
@wearetheredsox i don't get it.  How many accounts do you have?
@wearethescore imiss you guys  x
@wearingmascara COLDSTONE?? Now that just hurts... 
@wearmoa Oh no  Hope you're better soon hon xo
@wearredtonight aww  sorry about your hampster. My long time doggie friend died a month ago =/
@weaselstomp Yeah awesome film, only seen it on VHS. 
@WeatherKim Sorry I couldn't tell you and Angie about President Obama's visit to Year Up, don't worry I was home sick so I missed it too 
@weatherthastorm 
@weatherthastorm  we love you jess
@weaves1 No Boyzone 
@web_cardiff whoa now what's with the spam? 
@web_goddess maybe damp. We have bubbles in plaster in front room 
@webaddict Ok, I'll be serious for a moment.  I used to garden a lot, just got tired of the heat here killing everything. 
@webapptweet - I tried #TweetDeck too and it never would work.  After downloading the Air file a prompt said it was probably corrupted. 
@webbie wat typ of fights my xams r near so i can come onl9 2 much  so wanna knw..!
@WebBizCEO bring umbrella   you may need it!
@Webbler Oooh, that's not good 
@webcrush @legalcookie I'm still too chicken to mess with my phone. Not gonna upgrade after all. I'm a weenie. 
@webcrush I saw. So sorry. Don't think I wanna trade you.  Here's to revenge!
@webcrush now what do i do.. i want another smart phone update from sprint that will go with my mac computer.. 
@webcrush Of course I won't get mine until Sunday because I'm leaving town. Feel sorry for me. 
@webdesign_news @MATT_369 @baires @doktorbuzzo @mchiaviello @ruhanirabin @brettmorrison @code8 Thx for #followfriday! Too bad I missed it 
@webdesigner2 LEAVE BRITNEY ALONE!  lmao....yeah ive already blocked like 50 britney peepee suckers
@webdesigner2 lol im not in that pic!!! im the camera man 
@webdesignledger could you retweet the link its broken 
@webis_mobile weird sync bugs sound right up my ally . I've got one that I can't reproduce but it happens to real data constantly 
@webjac killing jedis? wher? why? 
@weblogy ChtÄ›l jsem navrhnout Twitty.cz, ale mail se vrÃ¡til jako nedoruÄ?itelnÃ½... 
@WebMary he'll be out of the office. 
@webpimp I need you  I'm website retarded again.
@webscreamer hahah aww.. it is scarier than a templates fire    Where is my beer you promised ages ago!?!
@websiteowner @xDaisyLanex @gems_looneytune =P surprise surprise.i tried a quick Utube search for the full rock Dakota at IOW cnt find it 
@websiteowner The poor Tomlinson's man had nobody, he looked very dejected! 
@WebVet_com Oh, what a sad story! 
@wedgienet sent it na. accept it na please!   
@WeDomestic hopefully more than aspirin! ;) I feel for ya...sounds like a few days of a liqued only diet. 
@wedplanworkshop . Flights already booked, plus its GGD2 1st birthday. Can't miss that ! especially as we missed GGD1 
@WedwayRadio Not anymore... Sorry 
@WeeAl I know how you feel. No curry = no fun 
@Weebeedee run was great thanks. Is very windy today so bike ride not an option this morning 
@weedoutofthepot yeah, i was soooo bored. 
@weedoutofthepot yeah, they even went to the roman baths! i wanna do that so bad. 
@weefieryredhead i want an ice cream van 
@WeekendWino but it just started... 
@WeeLaura yeah, I saw that. Awful. 
@weelingsoh I can feel DIRECT ULTRAVIOLET  too hot in shanghai.
WOW i just noticed tht 2day Mon.May 18,2009 students report 2 skool by 10:30a so i am rushin 4 no reason  its 7:37
wow i just slept till 2pm..again... good job me 
wow i just woke up and i still have to mow again. i hate liveing on 3.5 acres of land. 
wow i just woke up and read drews blog .. oh man im seriously crying right now 
Wow i just woke up. I think i'm sick 
wow i miss laguna beach  watching it right now
wow I missed a lot on Twitter last night!!....I'm soo sleepy 
WOW I need to twitter more!!!!!!!!! 
wow I need to update more often I dn't have the net at my place  I'll get it soon 
wow i probably failed that test  i wanna do something after class
wow i reallly cant watch full house anymore ......lol ughhh still sick in bed 
wow i reallly need to be studying for my big math test tomorrow!! eek 
wow i still feel like crap  even on my last day of school
Wow i totally fucked up!!!!!! I said i would be here for her and i wasnt. Im just another liar now. Im soooo sorry sam.... I let you down 
wow I totally got cheated on for 2 months. . . sucks 
wow i was twisted last night... how did i get home?  do i have to work today? im sure shelly will want to talk about something  geeezzzz
Wow I went to bed at 2am and woke up at 8am, not what I wanted 
Wow i woke up again and noticed I'm just a little too not over you 
Wow I would get stuck at the very TOP of the ferris wheel... I hate this. 
wow if only they really knew then they would freak out and my world would turn upside down,its best they dont know 
Wow im already nervous about my speech tomorrow 
wow im board parents wont let me take my van so guess cant hang with kenzie 
wow im bored, really bored.... 
wow im hella tired. worked my ass off today at work. im glad im off tomarrow!!! woo whoo! but wont getta c my baby til wedns nite 
wow im lost 
Wow I'm really gonna miss my Baltimore men!! 
wow i'm shocked and saddened to learn that clique lounge in covington has closed down.  they had some great electronic shows 
wow im so mad, cant go out again tonight 
Wow I'm so sad that Melanie C isn't a lesbian 
Wow I'm sorry 
Wow I'm starting to get really really depressed with this new F1. It's so boring and uncompetitive 
wow i'm talking to people who have never been to sonic! haha what thats crazy?! how have you not ever been to sonic 
Wow I'm tired! I'm movin like a slug 
wow I'm tired, I just tried to mute my fan with the tv remote 
wow in a week my followers have dropped heaps, obviously not talking as much interesting things anymore...boo 
Wow iPhone *earbuds are 28 dollars! 
wow it ended so horribly  this sucks... idk what to do now
wow it feels like i got kicked in the mouth.  school. hopefully with jon for a little bit. text it. ily&lt;3
wow it only took an hour and a half of screeching for bella to fall asleep. poor thing 
Wow it sounds like the cruise was a-fuckin'-mazing. Glad for all that was there. I'm gonna get ready for work. 
Wow it was so prettty out and now its gross 
wow its almost done and my best friends are moving far away  i wont see them weekly 
Wow its amazing how fast a year goes...@ William and Mary hall watching the class behind me graduate... 
Wow its far too warm today 
wow its freezing out, where did the sun go? 
Wow it's quite today, no phone calls, no Emails, no nothing!  I'm lonely! 
wow it's raining AGAIN 
Wow its Saturday already! And I have nothing to do. I feel alone   Please Text
wow ive been neglecting my twitter  shopping, and then cooking alfredo with @allygirl440 for andy and shaun.
wow i've been twitterless for quite some time 
Wow I've never been up on top of the door before! I feel like a king! BOW TO ME MOTHS! AHH HELP I'M FALLING 
wow jus gt up n i feel like shiz cuz i havent gone 2 the beach 
Wow jus logged in and have seen the fail whail twice already  Other than that, how is everyone this evening?
wow just another boring day but now i have to babysit 6 kids..... this is guna suck.. and conner still has barily texted me 
Wow just at home looking for a job  that's what is hard about being a single mom is you have to find a job with benefits 
Wow just found out that directv has added about 40 channels. No wonder my bill went up But I still don't have bravo, bet. Missing out. 
Wow just got home early to an empty house 
Wow just realised ive lost about 10 followers  feel unloved n unwanted lol
Wow just realized haven't checked Twitter since 9am when I saw my to-do list. Good news- got lot done. Bad news-don't know where day went 
wow just saw the simpsons new opening credits! they're pretty cool. but i miss the old ones 
wow just woke up to crazy pain. I hope this vicodin lasts me. 
wow Khamenei ...wow.  Disgusting.
Wow Lakewood near longbeach no!!!!! 
Wow Landon was so sexy with hair why did he have to shave his head? 
Wow last day of school just passed and already miss everyone even though we still have culmination 
wow midterms are brutal. only 5 more years of them 
Wow Mon came round quick. Not looking forward to changing the stores window display 2day-will b like an oven in there 
Wow more 2 lk fwd here in upstate NY this June --&gt; http://digg.com/u14Xco | Thanks Gov Patterson, ur doing an AWESOME job. 
wow my back/shoulders are hott! and very red...and sore! its not good 
wow my feet are buggered. should not have run on them again then stayed up all night partying. fingers crossed they dont get infected 
Wow my first weekend without my baby and I'm surprisingly good........I'm lyin I MISS MY STINKY FACE 
WOW MY GOD - short stack episode 20 is up on youtube. personally, i think andy left the gum in bradies car  naww.
wow my grandma passed away....I'm too sick to even think, I know she's in a better place now 
wow my laptop just did a unexpeded shutdown  oopps
wow my rooms tidy :| haha:') Starving never had no breakfast or lunch boo  So much dust flying around hahah
wow my sisters have gottan really big im so sad i dont get to see them 
wow my tipper app store page is jacked  its already displaying the imaegs for 2.0, but its not out yet, and the requiremtns are strange...
wow my x60s is dead 
wow NCR is pulling out of Dayton. moving its world HQ along with 1,250 jobs to an Atlanta suburb. good for ATL, bad for Dayton 
Wow neighbor to my right is blasting 300. Woke me up. 
Wow no one loves me  @stuntmann88
wow no one seems to be tweeting today. must be off having lives while im stuck here in bed trying to fight off whatever this is. 
wow not cool at all  @alyankovic
Wow Not feeling very well today  Oh well time to toughen up buttercup!!! Lol
wow not i should be here. ready to go home. no more  
Wow not tweeted atall today :O! My legs hurt from the wee fit  hopefully it means that im actually doin it right!
Wow one hellofa line a line at wally world! 
Wow OS X. I didn't know you were so lame you would KP during an AFP transfer 
wow our camel rides are now cancelled 
Wow over 24 hours since @donniewahlberg tweeted  guess having too much fun
wOw Over nkOtb fOr sure  anyways questiOn of the night-if yOu cOuld be a cOnjOined twin with sOmeOne whO wOuld it be? im think jOrdan jk
Wow pears are yummy even as a three am snack... Being an insomniac really stinks 
wow posada and cano were played perfectly i guess...both might be hits if upton plays a normal depth there... 
Wow really bad accident on 95 south. Car fliped over. 
wow really bored! 
Wow really?  Not to many things are going my way tonight. Gotta think ahead, its the only way I'm going to get somewhere. Goodnight ppl
Wow recently iv been eating like a fatty  I need to stop :p
WOW second night in a row Ive had bad dreams  And ive been sleeping so well the past month.
Wow seems like a lifetime since I been in here........never change to talktalk! Home phone n broadband not been workin 4 ova a week now 
wow she realli left me 
wow sick to my stomach, re: colleague called for advice on situation where caregivers jackknifed assets away from elderly tutu  FUCKERS!
Wow slept for almost 12hours. Sleepy me!! Uni now, boo! I wanna stay home, drink tea and watch house... 
Wow slow night on twitter.. lol I need a life 
wow so bored 
wow so i just got home from ihop and im ao disappointed at how small my plate of food was   
Wow so many entomological authors are not attending #esa this year. I guess thanks to the economy 
Wow so the nice weather didn't last long at all. It's rainy and gloomy outside now. 
Wow sorry I couldn't go 
Wow study study study finals 
wow stupid class is no joke! gonna run today  
Wow sum1 jus said they like watchn girls on vh1 trying 2 fuck the guys on the datn shows more than cn them tryna b better people..wow  sad
wow summer all ready sucks its raining  i need the sun
Wow talk about a huge drop in weight, 151.8lbs this morning, scary thing is my body fat is down to 4.5%, muscle mass lost is huge 
wow that grocery trip turned out costing more than I expected...oops! I wish I had more people to cook for 
Wow that was fast...next up Soderling or Ferrer. Gilles Simon lost 
wow that was hecka wierd poor eminem  he looked hecka pissed off
Wow that was low @djmanik  but to tell the truthe they prolly are
wow that was some seious rain...depressing  lol x
Wow thats a first! lol  @HOTTVampChick  Poor Donnie at the m&amp;g!! Awww  I felt so bad after I seen this  http://mypict.me/2l9J
wow that's really surprising 
Wow thats...nice... And that video just gave me an irrational fear of Lady Gaga and accidental sex changes 
wow the formal was horrible...graduation tomorrow have to be at school by 8,on a saturday 
wow The Hills was crazy!!! Missed it last night, watching it now  We will miss you @LaurenConrad
Wow the mood has gone to shit everyone is angry I needa get out of here  anyone feel my pain?!
wow the suns out  but i'm stuck inside revising.. urgh.. cereal time!
Wow there is the flute. 
wow these r the times i wish i had a man 
wow this case is really annoying me. im hungry with no food 
wow this consignment thing really was a failure; none of my items sold, that makes me really sad 
Wow this is gross. No more diet cokes for me   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvFRLIjOLOU
wow this is harder than i thought 
Wow this is not fun sittin in the basement waiting for the tornado to pass   Nick
Wow this is the first time i have been alone since wednesday it's so weird...i miss Marcy 
wow this movie it tightttttt best movie i seen haha its sad 
Wow this sucks...my king is done   Damn sons very heartbreaking very very sad
Wow this town has gone downhill...and the place I used to work at has turned into something else 
Wow this turned into camping on a beach in jeans and diesels. Shoot me. Ugh 
Wow this weather is killing me. Saw on the news this morning 29 days rain 5 days sun.  what a summer. 
wow to many thins had happened! I love my JSis they leave just a few minutes ago.. 
wow today was a really shitty day god tomorow can only get better i hope i dont think i can do another day like today 
WOW tonight is HORRIBLE. Worst friday night i've ever experienced. 
Wow train crash in northeast! Looks bad 
wow trevor ariza's story 
Wow trouble in paradise is scary, what happened to those guy 
Wow twitterena is acting all kinds of stupid right now  I should be in bed anyway.
wow tylenol really works, and studying, its... not fun 
Wow U racked up Suzanne 3 lappy toppies + new monitor U got Xmas early! I'm amazed @ programs people watch I can't get in2 them 
Wow uploading HD videos sucks!!! A 40 second clip is 60mb...  At 256upload it's going to take ages.
Wow what a awsome day. High of 72!  Gotta go back to work tomorow.  Tissa and her six will sleep, shop, eat, shop, sleep then sightsee. 
wow what a big day. hahah. why? 12 followers. hehehe yesterday its 13. hmm 
Wow what a great week except 4 the unexpected 3rd party breakup today, wtf?  oh well night night twitterers, got a long wknd
wow what a horrible day to start back to work.. Its only a monday. I hate mondays 
wow what a lovely day! Shame i have to clean my room 
Wow what a weekend...hot and bored... 
wow what is with everyone going to ny after i left first ftsk now nick santino. 
wow whats with all these people getting hacked? haha i hope im not next 
wow when i stood up off the chair i felt tall then my bro came in then i felt small again 
wow whts wi the rain the day total bouncin of the ground   !!!!
wow will.i.am...i liked you too 
Wow woke up to a swollen toe and found a spider bite 
Wow wow wow, mental illness is sad and depressing  http://bit.ly/11eR5p Crazy bunny lady story. Pretty fascinating read.
WOW YESS N IT RAINS AGAIN HMMM 
Wow you acted like a douchebag tonight. I never would have thought you could be like that.  annddd... I love melina!
wow you go to a party and the person you are there for passes out at 10:30 .... wow... 
WOW YouTube is down for maintenance and will be back shortly, the world is just not the same 
WOW!  I am SO not ready 4 SCHOOL TOMORROW  UGGGGGGG!   oh well, gotta get that EDUCATION   NIGHT NIGHT ALL!
Wow!  Sum people have alot of nerve.. im sorry princess     thats fuckd up   &gt;:-@
Wow! 4 hours after it started, the Win7 upgrade looks like it's finally finishing up.  It's almost like installing VS2008 + SP1 
WOW! 6:45 a.m. And the sun is already peek n its ugly head out! 99 degrees today in ATL w/a heat index of 110 
Wow! An amazing hour of sister time.  Damn, I'm going to miss her 
wow! bc ain't got shit on giovannis shrimp truck!! i wanna live here 
wow! can't believe i could get this bored 
wow! could this get any better 
Wow! Def shouldn't have listened to that safetysuit song. Got me all sad &amp; shit now.   He's on a plane comein home. I miss him so much. 
Wow! Ex just called. Divorce papers ready to be signed. Will all be final in a few weeks. Didn't expect it to be painful again. 
Wow! Final show over.  Now we have to clean up, take our stuff home...No more &quot;You're A Good Man, Charlie Brown.&quot;
Wow! For a boat this size it's really rocking &amp; rolling like mad. I'm actually feeling sick 
Wow! Haven't done that in awhile...hitting the accelarates and not the brake...poor car 
Wow! I didn't go home last night  Slept on the sofa at the studio!!! Thanks for the Blankie @djswivel
WOW! I poured me sum cheerios and sum milk, didnt check da milk, started eatin n dat shit tasted funny! Y da fuck milk was spoiled! Yuck! 
Wow! It's hot today. The heat and humidity are giving me a headache. I miss Virginia. 
Wow! Legal proceedings happened TODAY to dissolve Jon &amp; Kate's marriage! So sad 
WOW! My internet is acting screwing!  Took me FOREVER to send that last tweet
WOW! My poor dog is covered in fleas, &amp; I even found a tick on her  Why did my mom have to take her to my grampa's infested house?!!
wow! my sister is so bad 
Wow! Nuggets. Only 59 points? Lakers 90? 4th quater? Ugh. I give up. All hope is lost  but happy birthday 2 my love Carmelo. Lmao. &lt;33
wow! saturday and i have no plans! wtfffff? is it a sign of me getting old??? 
WOW! So many thing happening it twitter today! Using mobile.  cant use the pc/laptop 
wow! time seems to zoom by quickly this morn, almost lunchtime! but then again, i'm dreading the bus ride home this evening 
WOW! Today was Nah...  wish it was sunny!......... not a very cute day out side?..
wow! wat a nite i had yesturday.. still cant find my phone 
wow! what a lush day..shame i have to work 
WOW! What a wonderful birthday morning. Do wish the fog and drizzle would go away though. No mail for two days again 
WOW!!! I didn't realize I posted that so long ago.... it's been a long night. It's gonna be a long day tomorrow working on 3 hrs sleep. 
WOW*sigh* ive become Charles Hamilton now 
Wow, 6 days of not using twitter? that is bad. my PC got sick again.  Its good now. Twitter on Babies!
Wow, bruise on my leg much 
Wow, David actually invited me to the Fazed meet up.  I really want to go, but I also need to go to the coast at the same time 
Wow, David Carradine dead - &quot;in a closet with a rope around his neck and body. &quot; 
wow, ended today with Brian Jarrard from Bungie and Cliffy B on camera. Best of all ANDREW PFISTER! Time for bed. Early call barf. 
Wow, feeling like I'm actually getting something done. However now I need to stop and go to work. 
Wow, for the first time ever... I don't think I have time to create an e-card for Father's Day.  
Wow, FRONZ was great. Why did it have to end 
Wow, gas is back up at $2.899/gal... 
wow, going to be so late if duncan doesnt get here sooooon. 
WOW, got killed on first wave of Horde on Gears. FAIL 
wow, had the worst migraine, still lingering a bit but i will go to work anyway  anyone have excedrin??
Wow, hard start this morning.... 3 lessons, 3 very low level learners 
Wow, Hayleys missing? omg  no! i wish i never went now!
Wow, i actually somewhat miss drivers ed.. 
Wow, I almost fell asleep on a park bench in Seattle, glad I awoke and made my ferry. Soooo tired I'm awake. 
wow, I am going to miss, #bulls / #celtics, #nascaronfox and the #redsox tonight because go out and there will be no TV's 
wow, i am such an email sucker. i get so excited when i see the little red dot indicating new mail, and then its always from petsmart 
Wow, I am TIRED. Gonna be out w/in the hour I'm thinking. I still wish I had some vitamin c.  I have a feeling I'm going to want soup too!
Wow, I BOMBED that practice question. That's a big ol' failing grade right there. 
wow, i could do with drivin around in the car right now. I guess everyone is alseep though, since its 1am 
wow, i dress like blossom, how sad  #WNTW
wow, I fell asleep! Now I'm going to be up all night 
Wow, i hate to say it, but scrubs on abc is shit. Why did nbc have to drop it? 
wow, i have absolutly no friends 
wow, I have still yet to have a cup of tea 
wow, i havent tweeted in ages! i feel so left out!! 
Wow, I just finished reading Breaking Dawn by Stephenie Meyer, the last of the Twilight series and don't know what to do with myself now 
Wow, I just had a sleep now I feel more physically drained then before I went to sleep 
wow, I just stumbled across a conversation from December...not good 
wow, i just woke up wanting the need to throw up! 
Wow, I learned the hard way that there a bunch of Friendfeed regulars who are really hateful/judgmental and the like. 
wow, I look to a picture of simple plan 2009 show and god, how much I miss those six 
Wow, I never thought the day would come when Cinnamon Toast Crunch would be too sweet. 
Wow, I really hate car trips with my parents - they have to stop every hour and are pros at dawdling. Will never get back from Nashville 
Wow, I really miss flying and waiting in airports...seriously 
wow, i still have that thing on my mind  i cant beleive he would do that to me :/
Wow, I think I top the cake (um....yummy!) for dumb idea of the day, doing my High Intensity Interval Training OUTSIDE at 5pm! HHOOOOTT!! 
Wow, I totally forgot about D-Day.  Jeez...being the history douche I am, that shocks me.
Wow, I'm a little overwhelmed with the coursework for this new class I'm taking 
wow, i'm freaking out! 
Wow, I'm kinda disappointed in the New Moon preview 
Wow, I'm really late for Corrin's...  *checks Google Maps and gets going*
Wow, i'm ridiculous honestly 
Wow, it kills me how much I neglect Twitter. Lawn Mower is broken....is that worth saying? Bible Study in an hour. Also: Jon and 8 - Kate 
Wow, it will take 5+ times longer to put all the data back on my phone than it did to pwn it 
Wow, its hot and miserable. People are probably killing themselves right about now... 
Wow, its way too early to be awake.  Lots to do though, and software post at 8:30 so I actually have to be to work on time. Boo...
Wow, it's weird to think that Girls Aloud have just finished their final tour.  sorta makes the end that bit more final.
wow, I've been neglecting my twitter, everywhere seem to have  wi-fi, but Its not for the public   PEOPLE DONT BE MEAN WITH YOUR  WIFI!!
wow, I've used 130MB today of bandwidth. Not a good thing since our whole org has 6GB for the whole month 
wow, joe completely wrecked taylor in Much Better. sorry taylor  but joe, i applaud your wrecking.
wll she didn't say no but she said she &quot;had to work saturday&quot;  
WM 6.5 build 21232 for Omnia avaiable NOW  http://bit.ly/qfovK  (install only froma XP   )
WMUers, I highly recommend you attend this: http://tinyurl.com/d46vyo dinner focusing on leadership... mostly because I can't 
wnats to go see the new star trek movie instead of working 
Wndr if sum1 wants 2 come ovr n watch sundaymorn poltalk shows wif me since no1 wanted to go to the movies, 
Wnna see Angels and Demons,. these sems wont let me! 
wo xiang jia.. 
wo yao chi town 
woaaa.... it doesn't work... 
woaaah , hey . and sorry 
Woah - Thunderous Applauds from above...I may be d/c soon 
woah had an incredible time at kings island!! on a sadder note...JON AND KATE ARE GETTING DIVORCED!!!!!!!! OH CRAP 
Woah I have a whole 13 followers! Go me! Lol my question is, why don't any of them talk to me 
Woah I missed a lot in here LOL! Good night! Saturdays are my Fridays now so help me stay awake at work! I go in at 1. 
woah it is smaller than guernsey airport! with delays 
woah nvm im really confused 
Woah sleepytime.. M shoulder is so sore that  I  can't  undo  my bra with one of my arms 
woah what a depressing episode of jon and kate plus 8  
woah woah woah.......why is starbucks all out of Carmel Frapp??? 
Woah! I never REALLY miss people but i totally miss my favourites and my big sister!  hmmf! Nothing can bring to my face. Rave tonight ;)
Wow, Just all of sudden I feel like shit. Earache, Sore throat &amp; Cramps....... What's next?!?!? 
Wow, last night was fun! Last day in Chicago 
Wow, last night was the worst night of my life 
Wow, living under an AC unit 24/7 is not fun 
Wow, looks like Earth-2 is gonna be the place to be on June 13th!  http://bit.ly/2aatl Sadly, I'll be out of town. 
Wow, lots of Hawaii state quarters around now.  Even some DCs.  But where are the Puerto Rico quarters?!  
Wow, luar dh cerah, masih mengemas! Bilik dh takde ruang utk berdiri. Otak serabut. @az_wan Paellas! Yummy, I'm so lapar rite now 
wow, maybe i'm not meant to have sleep cause when i finally get sleep my dad ruins it asking for directions to buy these stupid birds! ;/ 
wow, mmva's were AMAZING last night.. , wish I was there, too bad I enjoyed it from my living room 
Wow, my followers are slowly diminishing! Kinda sad 
wow, my last tweet was 4 days ago...my life is boring 
wow, my sites STILL not working. 
wow, Never Let you go 
Wow, no ghostbusters for me  the guy I used on ebay was a prick and kept giving excuses as to why it hadn't arrived!!
Wow, NOT free WiFi &amp;&amp; you have to pay for parking!? Reduculous!!! 
wow, not in a very good mood &amp; i had to clean out my fish Riot's tank. he died last week, i miss that little sucker. coolest fish around. 
Wow, only three hours of sleep 
Wow, packing is really making me depressed..... 
Wow, Pamela, the neighbour's kid just came asking for a beer for her mom...and why isn't she at school anyway, she is 7 
Wow, Pixar is awesome. http://bit.ly/5NMvY   Sad.
Wow, really tired and unmotivated today. But those neurons will not get counted by themselves.  At least, I managed to eat my lunch! ;-)
wow, so glad i stayed up late last night  my day home till friday  stupid camp.
Wow, so I type porn and auto. get a reply from COCK bib? Niiiiice. I typed fart once &amp; got a reply that I was stinkin up the place. 
WOW, Steph and John and pretty much everyone else did better on How well do you know Billy than me. 
Wow, sudden Pushing Daisies episode with Gina Torres and Robert Picardo. Awesome! Too bad show was cancelled. 
wow, susan boyle's in the hospital!?  that's sad.
Wow, thank God that I'm a fast reader.   I have 1500 more e-mails to READ, not sort through, that will be another day 
wow, that film made me really sad 
Wow, that was an intense dream. Me and @freddurst got caught up driving thru a war zone. I woke up really panicked 
Wow, that was good. Really bloody good. Not better than the book of course, but I'm still sitting here crying like a baby. 
Wow, that was not too bad actually! Not allowed in school for 2 days  Miss you guys xx
Wow, thats sad  Poor Trevor
Wow, that's what i get for not having my phone with me. Also i'm slightly depressed for no reason 
wow, the assistant principal job at Helena Elemntary is open...who will I fight with about parking spaces? 
wow, the first five minutes of UP was like a kick to the heart  probably a bit too deep of a movie for children, but def. worth seeing.
wow, the kids are very emotional/dramatic for bedtime tonite...a LOT of tears...ugh 
Wow, the kids in the neighboring building/complex are being 5 thousand decibels of obnoxious 
Wow, the pain was yet to come. I am practically crippled. 
Wow, they are saying 2 dead &amp; more than 100 injured   how awful! #wmata
Wow, this is one hard mattress. I hope I get some sleep. Might have better luck on the couch. Yikes. 
Wow, this weather today really has me missing California 
wow, time 2 wake up already? 
wow, today is just not my day. I just spilled orange soda on my favorite hoodie 
Wow, today was a long day.  Not to excited about tomorrow
Wow, we were busy today! We met all of our deadline, yeah! But we missed #followfriday  Now we're gonna catch up, yeah!
WOW, what a hot day - driving around, must say my furnace demo was a disaster...   but it was 32 degs in Cambridge.. thanks for air-con
wow, where's Ashton and Demi @ tonight?anyone heard from them? miss them on here..  
wow, wife's weds surgery w/complications.  grandpa passed away today.  now 5yr old is running fever. can I get a do-over for this week? 
wow, you really had me fooled. SO FREAKING DONEEEEEEE 
wow.  I'm sad.  just found out that old boss and co-worker died from brain tumor in China 2 months ago. 
Wow.  Life After People = Total BUMMER. 
Wow. . .i really miss him      
Wow. @InflewenceofINF ohhhhh thanks for the clarification. Yep I'm aging. 
Wow. 24 days no updates? I think I had swine flu or just a cold. I haven't been running either  Tomorrow I start again!
Wow. Everything on my plate is covered in pepper...  Even the bbq sauce is 'black pepper sauce'.
Wow. exhausted. I'm afraid I might fall asleep early tonight. 
Wow. Failure. Dang. Im so bummed right now it's not even funny. 
wow. Fat ass hangover. 
wow. first twit. i feel like a loser. haha. chorus, sinqinq in front of everyone. 
Wow. Guess who's single...?    
wow. had a kinda gayy day. tracie was with this kid named &quot;nick&quot;. he wasn't very nice. 
Wow. Hm. Trying not to be disappointed. 
WOW. Hot Gimmick was insane. haha. buuuuuut, what's bothering me now is the inking and shading of Skip-Beat is different... 
Wow. I cant believe i got shit for just doing what I did 
wow. I didn't know that i makes me feel so down, just because people who i love seem to have trouble?! 
Wow. I just blocked everyone who was following me with their account frozen and now I have 9 followers 
wow. im hungry, my head hurts, and i jus realized gas prices are over 3 dollars 
wow. im hurting inside 
Wow. I'm pretty much jammed packed for the weekend  Cronin's pamphlet and the Filipino project. AND DENTIST TOMORROW -____- FML.
wow. insane shooting in altoona. its turning so awful  
Wow. Its almost July. Something tells me as I get older the years go by faster 
WOw. Just saw the new Hills season 6 preview with Kristin in place for LC  .... MTV. you really screwed up this time
wow. loadsa tweets today.              theres so much to remember. my poor brain 
Wow. Lots on cars on the road this am. In 45 min walking only saw one w. a passenger  Commuter Challenge anyone?
Wow. Me and Lucy fell asleep for 4 hours. Now it's too cold to do anything 
Wow. My computer screen keeps flickering, and still won't let me print. Must I really consider tossing it out the window? Halp! 
Wow. My money gone. I'm going for a movie nxt week. I need to buy Sims 3 and pay my share of new hp. 
WOW. My teacher just called me a skunk cuz of my hair 
Wow. Now he isnt even talkig to me. Gayyyyyyy!!!!! 
Wow. On my way back to NY... I was wisked away to paradise and now it must come to an end  ... Thank god for the last 48 hours!!
Wow. Only took me 5 tries to finally follow @CrazySylvia and @jkdill ... Good job #Twitter 
Wow. REALLY disappointing response on Dog Blog Radio show &quot;Kids-n-Dogs Safety for Parents&quot; on June 25th     blogtalkradio.com/dogblogradio
Wow. Smule like makes me want an iPhone even more  god I want one
Wow. So I hate Staples right now. Majorly. Thanks for being complete fucktards and killing our productivity 
wow. soooo much to do. wondering when i'll breathe again..! also gutted for Dave not being mentioned in TTXGP program after all his work 
Wow. Sort of sad in an odd sort of way. 
Wow. Still Sleepy and back to work tomorrow boo 
Wow. That was pretty intense, Law and Order. Good job. Poor lawyer who played Emily on The Gilmore Girls 
Wow. The Moose got shutout too last night. 
Wow. The most depressing thing in the world is losing a video that you've created in a matter of seconds.  #FML
Wow. The SAT II just intelectually kicked my ass. 
wow. the syllabus for this class is intimidating. i have to get to bed and study first thing tomorrow morning. no toking for me 
wow. there's more to do than I like. 
wow. this birthday is complete shit so far. 
Wow. Totally just did an impulse buy of a Patriots hat. Online shopping will be the death of my impending California trip. 
Wow. TweetDeck is interesting. Too bad I've got a headache right now.  I'd tweet more but I'm still busy with things on the journal sites.
wow. twitter is popular. still, nice to see how friends I always promise to go see but never call are doing. far too unorganised. 
Wow. Up soooooo early 
Wow. What a great weekend of training in Victoria. Now back to work 
WOW. work blew   no bringing in cash moneys for me tonight
Wow. Working at Snowfest was the equivalence of hell. Don't let the name fool you. I have the blistering sunburn to prove it. 
wow. worst headache in months. someone make it stop. 
wow. X-Men sucked, guess I shouldn't have been surprised...   Fanboys will never be happy with the franchise.
wow.. I didn't know it was nice out until I got out of work.. Now on my way to class 
wow.. i took care of a reaaaaaaaaaally drunk girl yesterday  that party was a hit, but i couldn't enjoy it the way i wanted 
wow.. im really tired today.. still got assignments to do.. sighh 
wow.. sanders on steel panther's &quot;turn out the lights.&quot; offensive, but i still love him. &lt;3 i can imagine a guy sayin that to me tho.. 
wow.. so many quests in Fens of Nathsar.. but xp going so slow now  #eq2
wow.. the canucks lost again.. that sucks. one more game until we're out. 
wow.. um, yea.. im pretty much not excited for work tomorrow! 
wow... all i wanted to do is see taylor swift but of course shes sold out! 
Wow... dont have twitter at work anymore...  so sad!!!!!  will have to use my phone now i thinks!! lol....
Wow... I didnt even know the girl but this is beyond upsetting. She's 13 year old ballet dancer with a passion for musical theatre. 
Wow... I feel out of place at brookdale. Ghetto people only..not a single other race besides me. Barnes and noble has shut down.  So  ...
wow... i get updates from my favorite news channel, and the sad thing is that most of them are bad and about 2 of them are good... 
Wow... I need a job fast! A real job! And having a 9.4% unemployment rate isn't helping 
Wow... I seriously have like $20 after paying rent 
Wow... I'm just barely waking up right now 
wow... im ready to walk out of work. this place is ridicuous and the customers r gonna get punched. ready to go home  
Wow... I'm really tired 
Wow... is my timing that off... 2 weeks now I've been calling for a sell off only to have up 200 days like today 
Wow... It seems like I actually legitimately hurt you with what I said.  I'm so sorry, but I stand by everything I told you.
Wow... It's blocked off by caution tape haha. They're doing minor construction on some of the rubber tile things. Boo. 
Wow... it's Sunday evening... mostly night... Good buy, sweet weekend 
Wow... Just missed the bus. 
wow... just woke up about an hour ago.. i slept almost 10 hours solid!!! too mad! what a waste of a saturday 
wow... mean comments on blogs must be a contagious thing.. i got one today too!!  now I feel really down...  
Wow... my feelings are hurt.  What a stupid jerk.
Wow... my keyboard fixed itself. I guess I don't have to go to the Mall after all. Darn, I wanted to get some calligraphy pens. 
wow... seriously huge hotel room all to myself! living room area... kitchen... double beds... wow! too bad I'm only here 1 night! 
wow... summerz really boring there's nothing 2 do when friends can't hang out 
Wow... There goes the power... No movie tonight I guess 
Wow... Twikini just crashed hard on me. And I was just scrolling throught my timeline.  odd 
Wow... watching the grass grow and grow and grow. I guess I need to mow...oh no  http://ff.im/3pALz
Wow... What Lovely Weather 
wow.... for reals.. 
wow.... http://digg.com/d1nzKq  and people here complaine about our buses here... ( don't know if this link will work ) i'm new 
Wow.... it's only Thursday! 
wow.... mother lovers... what an interesting night.. anne got her king cobra #2 while i got stuck with creepy tongue guy#2  DISSAPOINTED..
Wow.... they made him throw away the Weird Al album. That's horrible. 
wow....just, wow. 
wow....slept in kinda late today. But it's rainy and messy....no taking the dog to the park today. 
Wow...a customer just said she understood why a Coke rep was shot..because she hates the customer service...just hateful  
Wow...a whole lot going on in Iran 
wow...air france actually did disappear..how do you lose a bird that big..Pray for the passengers and there families..228 i believe 
Wow...can't believe my last day of wrk is finally here. I'm going to miss my staff here at hospital 
wow...computer still chewing on converting to QT movie. still another hour 
wow...i knew this day would come i just didnt kno how i was gonna react...just so shocked and sad 
wow...i REALLY wish I could sleep - maybe sleeping for 12 hours was not such a good idea today...oh well 
wow...i went on a rant rampage,didnt i!?!?! *deep breaths* sorry,the news scares the shit out of me sometimes! 
wow...its actually been a long day. i want a popsicle  . and i hate you btw....yea you. ur reading this. and i hate you.
Wow...Jon Stewart has just moved me in a wa I thought not possible...amazing 
Wow...La Roux!! Great Band, Can't get enough. Got enough pennies for the album when it goes out as well  29 June...long wait 
Wow...nice suit Dwight...all white and lookin spotless. Usher was at Tuesday Magic Game..OMG and D didnt even hook me up w/ tickets 
Wow...sinus day from hell 
Wow...spent WAY too long job searching online. I am not looking forward to getting up in a few hours 
wow...tomorrow will be a sad day for me 
wow...who woke Oakland up? after DET beating them by combined score of 23-2 in first two games, OAK up on DET 6-0 in bottom of the 2nd 
wow..hope I don't have tooo many 'spammers' following me..my numbers are dropping like hot potatoes  *sob*
Wow..i'm hardly ever on twitter anymore.  whats wrong with me?! Lol.
Wow..I'm one year old. Gosh I'm so old 
Wow..so I can't drink for 9 months?! 
wow..sometimes things in life are just really complete shit, no matter what decision you make or don't make 
Wow..Sugar is a CRAP song..Where is JB in the charts   They should be in it
wow..twitters overloaded! i couldnt even get on! so the auctions over. all i got was 2 bathrooms &amp; swings...8 hours for that!! booo! 
Wow.Its June 1...Surgery is 28 days Away 
Wow@ austin just called me... Asking how his grandma died and went to heaven...  and was crying out of the blue
Wow@ the train wreck in DC 
Wow-leaving Peggy's Cove already.   
woww i never update this but hookah makes my head hurt too bad  woodlands tomorrow bright and earlyyy :/ night twits
woww, i couldn't've listened to more varied music tonightt. i so wish i was born in the 70's 
wowww! pisssssssed! :-@  unimpressed disheartened, miserable, frustrated, worked up, pissssy!
Wowww, I have nails in both of my back tires 
Wowwww computers at work are sooo slowww today. Feels unproductive  ahhh
wowwww im STILL awake 
Wowwww it's early  Thank you Leigh for your hospitality haha. Freekin' passport photos. I am gonna look like this &gt;
wowwww. today is literally the craziest day ever  i cant eat untill sometime after 11
wowwww..i really wish i didnt see that 
Wowzas ! I'm up so early this morning it's not gud !  xxxx
Wowzer, I decided 2have some me time n take myseLf 2the movies, but urrrrah I didn't think I was gonna be the ONLY 1 in this mofo! Sad 
Wowzers I don't feel good today.  And I didn't even do anything silly last night to feel so crappy! 
WP 2.8 released... nice, update at my server is coming... but as always I don't have time... 
wp_post_thumbnail would be a sweet plugin.... if it worked. #wordpress. I miss #symphony's JIT library. so, custom fields. 
Wrap it all up, give it a rest, and call it a day. - freakin' emotions are dead tired.. 
Wrapping presents for my daughters 28th B'day ! I'll see her tues, in Boston. Back to the Vineyard Wed a.m. Writing bills...yuck 
Wrapping up a nice weekend of #wakeboarding, wakeskating, and wakesurfing.  My knees are feeling like that of a 70yr-old. Monday tomorrow 
Wreck at Exit one 
Wreck tonight. Good news is nobody hurt. Bad news is my car is hurting 
Wreckage of missing Air France flight found by Senegal!   http://bit.ly/pOmm4
Wrecked my shoes walking through the snoww 
wrestling with the duet cover of life! why wont it fit 
wrestling with this girl who is my friend ....she took my candy  lmao  
WrestlingIncVideo: The Botched Spot That Led To Mr. Kennedy WWE Firing http://tinyurl.com/ngufvy &lt;--- Poor Randy 
wrist and eyes are KILLING ME!!!! WHY ME??  I HATE THIS!!!!!!!!!!! I just want it to GO AWAY!
wrist pain  do those magnetic bracelets work for that?
Wrist support with 'thumb splint' this time... Sports injuries, soul destroying 
Write invitations for my birthday.Oh no! My teacher invited my class for a garden party at the same time 
write thesis.... 
Writers:&quot;They just make me wonder,why are you foisting all the little pipe dreams stories in your head onto other people?&quot; I like writing 
writes too much 
Writin these letters is hard. 
Writing a blog post. Won't be able to finish tonight  Good night everyone!
Writing a cheque to the tax man! Not happy! 
writing a constituency report 
Writing a difficult email... 
writing a dumbass drama essay  BOOOOORING.
Writing a letter for tomorrow - applying for primary school for daughter. Haven't been writing anything longer than 140chars for a while 
writing a list for a massive day of housework tomorrow...silly rental inspections 
Writing a new song on the fire escape enjoying Captain on the rocks, mmmmm, so delicous, playoff hockey is over for the night 
writing a paper all day 
Writing a papperrr tonight has been so boring 
writing a presentation for a conference i can't attend. and i was even appointed as a chair of a section 
Writing a report on &quot;the Tundra&quot; ..... How interesting! 
Writing a thesis is no fun 
writing a very creative legal 'brief' to NYC explaining why I shouldn't have to pay the parking ticket I got last night 
Writing about @TheNewsLounge makes me want to go right now!!! But, here comes the thunder, right on cue. 
writing about file formats 
Writing an article (video converters in test). It'll take a long time 
writing an essay for English... I hope I do good...I really need to get a 2.0 this semester! I hate having bad grades 
Writing an essay in college writing  so boring
Writing an essay.  
Writing back a childhood friend who's locked up right now.  I don't co-sign what he did to get there, but who AM I to judge him!
writing dissertation introduction part 
writing exams 
writing fathers day cards has made me realise my handwriting has become shocking. too much typing probably 
writing final report of RF/SI Class 
writing keynote abstracts., an activity I love almost as much as naming products 
Writing my bachelor 
Writing my dissertation is a pain in the a** 
writing my essay 
writing my first non-mvc asp.net code for over a year. 
Writing on here 4 1st time in a looong time... Cant sleep  again!
Writing OTMs shouldn't be *this* discouraging..... 
Writing out menus for my mum! I hate typing menus  !!
writing report cards  soooo tired but what an amazing day. check it out on fb soon!
writing some lyrics, preparing for recording, so sad i can't watch pcd! 
Writing some more today, trying to add another chapter to my ATL fan-fic. Cant see J today  maybe gonna see C &amp; S xD
Writing Thank You cards is hard  How do you say &quot;Thanks for the cash!&quot; without making it sound tacky? You'd think I'd have learned that!
Writing the exam from geography 
Writing the final exam. 
writing the most stupid invalid #HTML 4.0 to satisfy #iTextSharp HTML Parser - This deserves a blog post, another pending  to-do/to-blog 
writing this paper is like pulling teeth 
Writing WHEAT and praying for Sara's car stuck in the flood. Poor Sara 
Writing.. again only this time its not about sadistic vampires, its about prejudist, Woop woop  cant spell that...
Written 2 songs so far and just playing around with b-sections and verses in the vocal booth now. I'm so tired 
written page 30/25 and there is still more to write 
writting myself a note in msip, sarah travelled 
Wrk 8-3 ty means no twitter 
Wrk wrk wrk! Every1 is having fun &amp;im wrking 
wrkout was nice.stomach n arms r killn me.i miss my trainer doe 
Wrong as shit.... Bad veshe.. 
Wrong move today  But mom fetched me early today so that's okay...I guess :-\
Wrong move today :|  But mom fetched me early today so that's okay.. I guess :-\
Wrote my 1st WP plugin; can't find support for wp_insert_attachment(). Can't import image galleries without it 
Wrote my final paper that's due tom, went to print and comp froze. I didn't save anything....FML!!!!! 
wrote yet another song, just shame i cant sing  xx.
wsh I was at IMATS 
wsh the people from the ren fair would send my ring 
Wsnt able to twitter all day today  too tired. Was standing, walking and talking for 8 long hrs.  Had pho with eve @ the end of the day.
WSOP Event #4 today. $1k buy-in. Brasillia table 168. Terrible night's sleep though 
wtaching re French open , nadal is getting owned 
wtching my parents packing their stuff.. see, ds is what makes me so sad nd miserable 4 having summer classes. 
wtchng pug jelly's vid, dari kelas 4 sd pengen beli cdnya, tapi gk kesampean...well kay then, they ended up to be a 1 hit wonder 
Wtf  i hate public transportation
wtf  my movieeditor crashed during the night... 
WTF @ selenagomez AHHH i didn't know you were gonna be on the early show today  OHman   ILove you anyway , &amp; u bettah than all these Hoes
WTF @stokes22 That sucks.  Just wasted my coffee break writing that too   (I don't want to bash them, until i get my coldplay tix)
wtf all of the starbucks around here are out of the cold cup look alike tumbers! 
wtf am i doing :/ i keep ruining everything 
wtf are they doing ? I'm sad 
Wtf are u doin guys?! 70minutes played &amp; 2 goals behind?! o___O You cant be serious 
wtf Brian gotta be @ work?? I jus wanna lay in bed &amp; hold hands wit my babe 
WTF cable is not working for last 2 hours and dont know if i'll be working tonight 
Wtf cory monteith was in vancouver?!? UGH, boy we could have hung out! And you could have fallen in love with me!  next time.
WTF Dane! I didnt see the vid til after so no back stage pour moi 
wtf did i do to my neck 
wtf everyone is lame and no one wants to hang out with Sam and I  
wtf facebook, stop giving me warnings 
WTF got to be at work in 20 minutes, and I'm tweeting, oh well, weather looks bad  Im stuck doing the waitering today  with neil washing
wtf happend to everyone 
WTF happened with GG, I'm gonna cry 
WTF I am so confused. I want my own background, twitter. WHY WON'T IT WORK 
wtf i can't fall back to sleep 
Wtf i got a leak n my ceiling!  -Zymir Eden
WTF I have over 500 updates already? Why do I never realize it until it's too late? 
WTF I Just Lost A Follower 
WTF I need a fuckin ps1 memory blahhhhhhhh sony why? 
WTF I took a nap from 5:30-10. The summer heat from the pool kicked my tanned ass. 
wtf i wish swine flu was gone cox melbournes the capital for swine flu OH NO 
wtf im always hungry lately  sigh going to lay down. watching truTV
WTF I'm missing mewithoutyou tonight!!!!!!!! 
WTF IM SOO SCARED  WORSTE MOVIE EVR 
WTF is going on in Tehran. OMG 
WTF IS GOING ON?!?!! I want a dude but his friend wants me??? Get the point! I want ur friend!!! But now he's gone... 
WTF IS IT? VIDEO GAME WEEK?! The Trending Topic r starting to annoy me 
wtf is this shit. my brother can't come home this weekend bc he is working. ugh 
WTF is up with all this rain? It's Jume not April. 
WTF is up with the weather? can i get some late Spring/Summer sun and heat please? and this humidity shit, my body hates it. i miss Miami 
Wtf is up with this weather!! 
wtf is with google/gmail this morning? theyre not working for me. 
WTF is with the internet tonight!? Its soooooo sloooooooow 
WTF is wrong w/BBC Persia?!It hasn't been on air (online at least) for a few hours.Chee shodeh?Farsi Balad nestam bekhonam.  #IranElection
wtf is wrong with me i am just not myself  have not been 4 the past 4 days
WTF is wrong with me?!!! I'm completely miserable. I need to snap out of this 
Wtf is wrong with my belly 
WTF is wrong with our cable connection, it's still not fixed 
wtf is wrong with the nursing world? hmf.. 
wtf is wrong with ym 
wtf it was gorgeous this weekend and its supposed to be rainy and cold next weekend. Mother Nature is a cruel bitch. 
Wtf it was really hot earlier and now it's cold. 
Wtf it's already 2:30?! 
WTF it's soooo HOT! 
WTF jus now gettin home! Long night bout to go to bed now n sleep fa hours ... Sorry for not twittin through the night my phone died  smh
Wtf Just got a phone call asking me to HRH prince of Brunai's birthday!? w Janet Jackson playing lolz. But it's on the same day as a show 
Wtf just happened to my ipod speakers?! They just blew up... 
wtf lastfm  you can't bail on me like this
WTF middlesbro tower closed for flood? (giggles) 8th floor above my office? (stops giggling) don't have laptop can't work outside 
Wtf migrane!  Seriously. 
wtf mum just give my cat away. wtf! that's my riku! my baby named him 
Wtf my bf is on Twitter and not even following me.  @kokomoz
wtf my phone is wicked stuuupid.  
Wtf next?  actually, dont answer that. I cant deal with any more upset right now.
WTF NOVAK! NO...  It's going to be hard for me to care about the men's tourney now. As for the women, excited about the upcoming matchups.
WTF PHILLIES!  ... Seriously missing Flyin Hawaiian!
Wtf publix? You have me bagging again? 
Wtf so tired of being sick and in pain  I think its time to crack and see a dr grrrrrrrr I hate drs but hate the pain I'm in :*(
WTF stupid emergency warning on tv interrupted jimmy fallon 
Wtf the lights just went out... Not Fun stuff 
wtf to me getting a new follower every three min!!!! I keep blocking them, But i can't keep up 
wtf u have to withdraw a ï¿½6 min on paypall  i wanted to add the ï¿½1.04 to my ï¿½2.47 &amp; ï¿½1.30 bt that still means i aint got a 5er to my name 
WTF UCI has underground tunnels plastered with graffiti? Perfct place to look at art/hunt ghosts/play with flashlights/be lonely 
Wtf was that crap 5 mins before the marked closed...FAZ you cost me 4 grand 
Wtf why has my ipod been frozen for like an hour! 
WTF why the hell is the adam lambert version of No Boundries playing on music choice..and its listed as a single...WHAT ABOUT KRIS ALLEN! 
wtf yo im bored 
WTF! i just got a warning from my photobucket! almost reached the limit  do you girls have a photobucket pro account????
WTF! i'm currently not getting anyones updates so i'm on twitter.com...ahh fml. home alone with the creature 
WTF! im sick of everyone been soo jealous of Gee and Lyn-Z.  And Lyn-Z aint noo fucking whore. get over urselfs...GERARD LOVES HER! &lt;3
WTF! Kubuntu won't download from wubi 
WTF! MCD workers cleaning the drains and leaving the shit on the roads. Sure shot recipie for accidents 
WTF! Stop making fun of my iPhone. At least mines real. 
WTF! Stop with the Life Drama already 
WTF! WHY DOES POCAHONTAS GET 2 MEN FIGHTING OVER HER? Not fair 
WTF! WHY IS ITUNES SO FUCKING FUCKED! IT KEEPS ADDING SHIT WHEN I NEED 2 ADD THE LINDSEY LOHAN HAIR I WANT BUT NOW THERE IS NO ROOM 4 IT! 
Wtf! Why is my power out!!! Ugh  
wtf! why rob isnt doing the carpet, hes mean 
Wtf!! The price is right is not on cuz of the presidents news confrence!! 
WTF!!! there are Kings Of Leon tickets again!!!! in the internal space!!! i want this tickets soooo much... 
wtf!!!! y wont it let me upload my prof pic  im pissed off
WTF!? really? &quot;This video is not available in your country due to copyright restrictions. &quot; stupid youtube!!! how does that even work 
WTF!?!?  They just killed off the chick i liked, in a most tragic way.  &amp; dogs driving me NUTS!! She wont just lay down. Keeps moving &amp;
Wtf, cop texting while driving, and dumbass watching a movie while driving *sigh*... 
Wtf, drink water still no cure   Forget it, not gonna get my supper in anyway.
wtf, i do NOT wanna go to camp on the 28th. why is already here? 
wtf, i dont even know how to use twitter! i forgot how to talk to someone....you know that whol &quot;@&quot; thingy...help me plz 
WTF, i dont want to watch videos in any relation to britany spears and penis's 
Wtf, i have pink eye 
WTF, I'm so stuffy!  I thought I was getting better.  I think I ought to skip the gym tonight.. 
wtf, my picture wont work 
@weendizzle SAd....Cleveland could have just stayed home 
@weeniebean and @hisyamkhalid is gonna leave soon too! Don't leave me 
@Weenith  i hope you're better tomorrow!!!
@weesaw Uh. You might make her pout if you gave HER the finger. I don't think she'd be into that. 
@weeshebeast oh, I'm sorry. That sucks. Last night was Austen's going away party. It was fun, but this morning was sad when she left. 
@weetzien you are braver than i 
@WeeWifie1981 oh no - didn't know you're are ill!  *big hugs* Feel better soon, Hon. X
@WeeWorld couldn't find my date for prom 
@weeyin13 Me too lol. I have started going on the sunbed again, bad I know 
@weeyin13 You are not feeling well either  Just a hot shower and early night with a good book. I wish I had a bath !
@Weez_RR ahww Mane no rasta Pasta for yoouu!  ill save U sum! LoL-(yeah right) Love U! I miss youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu too
@weeze04 Good luck hun, will be thinking of you, know it must be hard decision, think I'll have to do same with mine v soo  x
@weezieyo I read online that the station just decided to change formats. And did away with all their djs. But they gave no reason why. 
@weezy611 Jolly Rodgers was fun yesterday! But 7th graders got 2 hours there more then we did  with no fog delay!
@weezyg Yes miss haha!!! Having a lul in confidence this week....  havent got anything done  How are you feeling then, better??!!!
@weezyrebel u never said hi to me.   Never! 
@wehavebandtwitt Hey guys, loving the artwork!  Darren - am off on hols next week so we miss each other yet again. 
@weheartchuck It's working, just delayed.  Sorry, both services I've been using decided to goof up today. #chuckmemondays
@weightless 
@weiseldog both my parents had killed deers with their cars. 
@weisslu  hugzors... it was greate to see you, well done for making it through the day
@weisslu I had a dream a couple of nights ago that S had died. Still freaks the shit out of me. 
@weisslu oh no  I hope you can get a deferred exam.
@WEKetchum Aww I'm not gonna make it 
@wekillyou I still need a giant monstre though! 
@welcometogower thats a sad nature reserve post 
@wellbalancedpup yes someone else asked that question 
@WELLO you single-handedly made me hungrified. with mcdonalds, none the less. 
@WeLoveHipHop basically, i think i owe them like 80k...thats still ridiculous tho, lol!  everything is excellent on my credit except that 
@welovehollyoaks I woulda had that tat off him, I loved him  *sniff*
@weloveyoumiley im getting it next week  that sucks
@WelshDragon72  Any way of counter acting it before she gets that far?
@WelshDragon72  aww did i bore you into silence just after a few words 
@WelshDragon72 Really, have I been that naughty?  Guess I'll have to take my punishment then... *Sits sadly on step* 
@WelshDragon72 So do I for your sake 
@welshie84 no she did not 
@welshracer Morning to you! @aussie_at_heart pinched the sun today! lol tried throwing it our way, but it aint got here yet  hows you? xx
@welshsho + @tewitje I miss you  Well done on your physics tho! I passed all my exams too miraculously! woop woop!
@welshsho I miss you too  Well done on your physics tho! I passed all my exams too miraculously! woop woop!
@wemightspellyou fuck then. god i hate this. world needs more happy things, not over dramatic and dumb fake vampires. 
@wen1027 In a random hotel. Uploading the video right now. I'm gonna miss Liverpool!!!  
@wenatcheewash I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@wenchlette oh I just threw my back out over the weekend.  Hurts to walk 
@WendellCole where ya goin? I'm stuck @ work til 12.  http://myloc.me/2MQB
@wendiegoneferal leave the balcony and come to grainey's. We miss you. 
@wendilynnmakeup  I hate the
@wendilynnmakeup - Wendy, the link you gave did not work  Yet, here is one I sent out to friends u can share: http://freecomicbookday.com/
@wendilynnmakeup 125 years later, Six Flags files for Bancruptcy!   http://tr.im/oF0N
@wendilynnmakeup I hate the &quot;sorry only for US viewers&quot; message on NBC website! I understand the show, but this clip? why? 
@wendilynnmakeup We can't access Hulu in the UK 
@WenDVeronica awwww.....I wanna go to adult game night!! 
@wendy_fred6 It's REALLY cool! No, I'm on a PC now, I don't have a Mac  well I do but it's ooooooooold  I do have an iphone tho 
@wendy_munro I really miss working!  Hate not having anything 2 do! Always been studying or working!! another... 
@wendy_uk I don't know. I wish I did...has all us Aussie fans really upset though   I feel like a big baby, I've been crying alot over it
@wendy_uk sh*t creek without a paddle again  do some ebaying chick, that's what I turned to. It's amazing the Â£ u can make when needed!! X
@wendy_uk they should do at least a couple of shows or do smaller venues - there'll be some seriously upset fans over there 
@wendy93639 Uneducated boaters scare me every time I take  passengers for a cruise. I don't know if they know the rules of the road. 
@wendybattles Wendy, I'm so sad we haven't made your list yet!!!!  We'll keep trying. Have a great day!
@wendyben its gone dull now  xx
@wendychou how come i can't go to the tweetdeck website?!.. 
@wendyfraser Me too I think  Wanna come back to Fife. Now 
@WendyGYoung I'm not sure why the pics aren't showing up 
@wendyisastar It's in the low 90s here which is gross. The air is so thick I can hardly move. 
@WendyJuniper I haven't got a stitch to wear either 
@wendykbaby i think crawfish is out of season  i'm craving some big juicy osyters from razzoos though!
@wendykbaby i took a bunch, just havent had time to upload it. got home late and now im at work and i have school later 
@WendyLHW how do i link it to facebook? will it send my facebook updates to this?  i'm super busy with school and planning summer reading 
@WendyODT mine won't be here til MOnday.  
@wendyrobb @andrevr that is so sad!  Any news on how they're managing?  
@wendytarr that doesn't seem very nice  hope it can be fixed
@wendywilson81 wishe i could help with the tyres but we're not allowed to do it anymore  xx
@wendywings  meringue has always reminded me of calf slobber  :O  Sorry 4 the visual Wendy, @texanoutofwater and all.    Heat getting 2 me
@wendywings  started raining in Mt Eden
@wendywings @Cheep_Tweeter @rustycharm I've been off the wine all week  What time the wine shop open tomorrow LOL
@wendywings and @nudeyrudey are here but for some reason are reinacting the invisble man and cant be seen  #RSG
@wendywings and im still only on 25 on the cryptic picture 
@wendywings Had the worst couple of weeks ever. Vomiting with &quot;morning sickness&quot; aka &quot;all day sickness&quot; more like! Don't feel good at all 
@wendywings Oh I do hate you!!! No only kidding. You're so lucky. Honestly it's H-I-D-E-O-U-S. Not feeling much love right now 
@Wendywitwoo good thanks,not enjoying the weather though  hows you ?
@wendywoowho I liked it until it kept trying to re-size my window. BAD Sagmeister - poor user interface. 
@wendywoowho Thanks. Never had it like this - no voice at all. 
@weneedflones ah  UIASHIUAHU  vou ter que ir agora second fave &lt;3  beijom ;*
@weneedjones I need Jones right nooowwwwwwwwwww 
@wengcieweng we have lots of clothes to press 
@Wengles that was so uncalled for 
@Wengles Yes, it certainly is.. Could say the same for you LOL! When I get paid, I'll cut it, otherwise I'd be forced to have a basin cut 
@wensdheydelarj crap, your worse off than me 
@wentzhol  you ok? if it helps, i feel very similar sometimes.
@wentzhol i dont even know. i dont own any cobra merch  but, how awesome would it be if we were in ANOTHER schools photo?!
@wentzt Looks like it might be cancelled 
@wenzdai sounds tempting i'm pretty broke from being at the pub last night though. OMG! I hate closing with Nick 
@weplayiPhone I love boxes  My box collection is huge too, all my (22) consoles have their original mint boxes too 
@Werecat1  It cut off my thank you! - thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you!
@Werecat1 Aw 
@Werecat1 I would agree except I've known those who've abstained from such to still suffer. 
@weretiger ask my mum la. . .she's the user. hahaha. . .initial tests abit slow. maybe kl raining! 
@Wereuntouchable mine wont let me update mine 
@WereWolf_Embry i dont want you to leave Uncle Em. 
@WereWolf_Embry is jake STILL on patrol? 
@werewolf_paul   What did you end up doing after our walk last night??
@WerewolfEmbry Does it hurt? 
@WerewolfEmbry OOC: What Are Grit!!! I hear that all the time but I don't know what they are! 
@WerewolfJacob hey there, i missed trivia tonight 
@WerewolfJacob Jake!! I miss you 
@WerewolfSeth Aww, everyone left. 
@WerewolfSeth i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
@WerewolfSeth I'm just sad it's not me. And I even wore my jhorts for you 
@wernshen I want to join but my knee still busted. So sad. 
@Wersching are you actually filming in NYC at all?  Haven't seen a casting call 
@Wersching why are you deleting pics (before I can see them? 
@wes_j06 youvstill haven't said hi yet 
@wes8477 Unfortunately that is correct. It was a victim of budget cuts and a couple sub-par graduating classes 
@wesabe thanks for looking. I'm re-creating the account from scratch now   Also, the whole original trans name doesn't show any more...
@wesaysummerrr you have 
@weschicklit We have a small lake here aswell, but its not allowed to swim 
@weselpower sounds familiar 
@wesgarner i'm SO congested and my whole body aches 
@weshotthekaytee i totally had pizza today.  i am shame faced.
@WesleyCarr We had a great night! Got told off by security for running down the aisle clapping!  Oh dear 
@WesOxford I'm very sick of this job, it's so boring. 
@wesplaton it sucks doesnt it? 
@wesprops I am not hating ya'll tlkin mad reckless stupid shxt. LOL I wasn't even invited into the convo  no shoutouts or nothing
@WesSturdevant i love the phone, but I'm pissed though because I found out that the MMS messaging isn't available yet.  
@westbrookx Well, that's true. I guess its more like a summer vacation. STILL! 
@westcoast_man  He's still asleep!  So I'm tweeting and watching telly.   Teenagers can sleep for days.
@WestEndActress I never found you  oh wells. it was great though. the billy elliott thing was hilarious xx
@WestEndUpdates I think Derren Brown is brilliant - never seen him live though 
@WestEndUpdates or The Thirty Nine Steps if we are being precise 
@WestEndWitch I'm in London tomorrow, hoping to catch at least some of W.E.L. Well gutted I couldn't do any more 
@westernslopetix I'm so bummed about not being able to see them. Have family in town (leaving tomorrow) and I came down with bronchitis 
@westeross I guess the word tired implies you were unsuccessful? 
@westham999   they lost    am depressed now. Going to bed.
@westham999 LOL...I surrender 
@westlifebunny I tried uploading a new picture, but now it won't show up. 
@westlifebunny my days been aight! been cleaning mostly! went to mcds to check for hader toy..no luck  so i ate chickfila
@westlifebunny not fair leaving me out like that. 
@westlifebunny yay new moon! at least you like twilight and the other books. your bf and mi dada are not very supportive of my other man 
@westlifepixie aw poor you!  i just run away! 
@Westneyrhindxx it won't upload! 
@westonbuck You're hurting meeee  Ok, do you hate them just because of Ant's voice?
@WestonGreenMan I must say, I wasn't overly impressed. Somewhat of a let down 
@WestonGreenMan Was that on Star FM bychance? Dang! I missed it 
@westsideloft but I don't want to live without me iPhone! 
@WeSupportNiley  its nuber 4 in caLIFORNIA   #BTS
@WeSupportNiley i knowww!!! 
@wesupportniley Maybe is peepz who is born 1996 to young? Cuz I am &amp; I canÂ´t 
@WeSupportNiley near KÃ¶ln. but i moved away. 3 years ago 
@WeSupportNiley OMGOMGOMG!! this is so amazing.. i wish i was there my self.  which song is peter pan and wendy turned out fine? :S
@wesupportniley susan boyle come second place!  she deserve to win!&lt;3
@wesupportniley that concert isn't on like tv is it?  ???
@WeSupportNiley y cant ppl shut the fuck up about Miley getting back 2gether wit Nick?? i lost my bffs 2 when i got bk 2gether wit my ex 
@wethedan bummer dude. i'm wayyyy sad i missed out on the concert in FOCO! i passed by earlier today and wanted to stop 
@wethedan stop making me jealous 
@WETHEGiNA i wanted to go 2 that but i cant  i like the giant giraffe and the mousetrap thingy
@wethekelsey meh misssessss youhhh 
@WeTheKings im totally gonna be there (: but the show im going to, you guys wont be there 
@wethetravis - question, are you gonna be on tour with all time low and cartel bc i saw it on altpress but my venue says no  ?
@WeTheTRAVIS Apparently it's going to be raining 
@WeTheTRAVIS aw  id try to reassure you but ive never had a cavity or anything wrong with my teeth. be like &quot;PUT ME OUT MOTHER FUCKER!&quot; ha
@WeTheTRAVIS aww - i'll probably be asleep at midnight  so i'll just say it now lol - Happy 5th band birthday!!  yous are amazing!!
@wethetravis aww poor travis  at least your almost done
@WeTheTRAVIS awwww 
@WeTheTRAVIS D: D: that's scary 
@wethetravis http://twitpic.com/4eniz - I fail 'cause I'm miles away in London. 
@wethetravis http://twitpic.com/4eniz - the California lineup wasn't even half as good as the New Jersey one  but at least i got to s ...
@wethetravis http://twitpic.com/84p08 - Aw man.. you tease. 
@WeTheTRAVIS i am! but sadly i'm in lansing, about an hour away from detroit 
@WeTheTRAVIS I want to see it soooooo bad! I should have gone with you. Too bad im all the way in california. 
@wethetravis really?  don't do it.
@WeTheTRAVIS Slightly sunny, rainy 
@WeTheTRAVIS Very rainy 
@WeTheTravis will you post another pic? please! my phones lame and wont let me look at the one you just put up. 
@WeTheTRAVIS wish i was there  got a stupid maths exam tommorow 
@WeTheTRAVIS yeah mine is too but im stuck at school 
@wethetravis you should come make my 21st birthday super rad next thursday. Noone wants to make plans 
@WeTheWest Oh not in real life     ......i respect you too bruh lmao 
@wetneonred @bunny1892: thought that it was poo. Too many storylines, too many cliches, 
@wetseadog1 @ many pucks &amp; fucks in that staement... I'm confused...  
@WeWereOnABreak i sent you a PM. but yeah, FC is down. 
@wewillbelegends very much so what? Sad? 
@wewillchange aww really? 
@Wey2fonkyWifey on the dvr @ home.had 2 pick up my parentals from the airport &amp; im staying w/ 'em 2nite (&amp; of course they don't have DVR) 
@wezlo not to deflate your dreams, but I don't think that emits enough light for quality video lighting.  
@wezmaynard Oh dear  
@wfaaizzy  I can't believe this stuff still happens. Amelia Earhart would not be impressed! 
@wfitzsimmons haha &lt;--- *kid in simpsons laughing at you walking through the park* I am jealous of your beard tho since I can't grow one 
@WGmimi yay for Portland!!! but when r u performing again in NYC? 
@WGsohee I miss you 
@wh17m4n damn, it's been a long time since I've had an onion loaf 
@WH1SKS that's mean. we all felt sorry for you working on Saturday 
@whalec I'm already up to 13.9Gb... Mind you, I was 28.6 until iTunes ate half my music 
@whaleteef omg whatever is on top of the roof of that garage thing is creeping me out. 
@wharekumara Overpriced and not very good, either. Good call. Where's the best caramel slice in town? (My vote: Mt. Cook Cafe...too far  )
@what_3v3r they're WAY shaky  but the sound is really good. jon's been doing some editing on it. hopefully it will be done by tomorrow
@what_Rosa_said I'm sorry 
@WhataBeauty pff  *duimt*
@whatabout_ken sorry to hear that Ken  *hugs*
@whatabout_ken: No, it did not sadly. 
@whatacatchkatie I was PISSED! They were playing Weightless acoustic. Zack was playing guitar. It was just...crap.  I'm not happy!
@Whatakicker thanks. And nope. 
@whatalexthinks ah! poor Simon 
@whatar who is @replay ? i'm confused. didn't see nething on their page. 
@whatbarbzdid miss u toooooo!! 
@whatcanbrwndo4u me too Ali, me too. 
@whatcassiesaid i wouldn't know  i just know if i am i'm pretty much screwed
@whatever_freak Mr tickle because i'm way to ticklish 
@Whatever_Ista caramels? yum! but too many is too much 
@Whatever_Ista O just noticed lol. Wish I was flying to Germany though 
@whatever1013 it's only a matter of time before our workplace bans this site. 
@whateverdude Hmm, the link takes me to the main site, which is showing Year 1. Transformers 2 is not showing up no matter where I look. 
@whateverrr06 walao tweet me say busy tweet cyong say sian... I get your meaning la  *unfollow* fen shou ba 
@whatEZit, I lost the top to the green tumbler you got me  
@whathappened See, I'm from South Florida, where lightning was a frequent occurrence. In New England? A rarity 
@whathillary WHY 
@WhatIAte4Lunch goodmorning, I ate to much yesterday 
@whatitdoshawty damn!  That's gayyy
@whatithinke http://twitpic.com/68qmw - lol, that's why you didn't come to BlogTV... too bad   It's still a deep cut, so it will prob ...
@whatitisB what about me 
@Whatleydude tell me about it. Pretty much my only gripe with my Google accounts. 
@Whatleydude This discussion will continue on camera, I have to go to the post office 
@whatlindsaydid Oh my! Nah, I'm still job hunting and haven't been successful 
@whatsdafus haha yes an hour  cause they don't deliever till after 6 I cbf going out till later haha!
@whatshername13 
@whatshisface babyyyyyy  everything is going to be alright. I love you!!
@whatshisface mmm that's why I love you. I don't know any smoothie place around here though 
@WhatsJimmyVDoin were already home  i only had HALF a sandwich to eat, so it all happened pretty fast
@whatsonthetube This time next year we will know all.   I want it to go on forever...
@WhatsTheT  I thought I had offended @booskee9 ... I felt really bad cause of what I had on..thought he saw me like a slut 
@whatsthet it just hit me lmao. I forgot  aww I feel so bad. well since its 459 now....
@WhatsTheT today was sexy and u missed half the day. 
@WhatsTheT who damned the dog preston....my baby name is preston 
@WhatsTheT You joined in on the attacking of me.  Hmph.
@whatswhat_sian No i dont think so  his very agressive to other male dogs !
@whatswhat_sian think i might have too , every time i get up to do something i get weak and have to sit again , really annoying 
@Whatthedilly  im sorry
@whattheforks  I certainly would be if i wasn't stuck packing all day  ugh
@WhatTheProsDo I know it's crap right now  but the good news is.. a tweetiebird told me ProMakeupstore is about to install a pro discount
@whattuplizz  you try buyng them? is it working for you?
@whatupderek aww I'm sorry  I didn't put that together. Sorry!! But when you see her it'll be even better!
@whatwouldjessdo chillin doing my huurr and watching some heroes. Gotta do inventory tomorrow. 
@whatyoudeserve Awll thanks! I usually drink coke when i dont feel good but we didnt have any 
@whatyousaying howa youuuu? I still can't find a job Vicky, it's very upsetting 
@whawhing i keep on straing at my PC if i have nothing to do.. dats d reason y my eyes hurt.. i think i shouldnt stare too long.. 
@WHeather - no call ??  
@WheatysGirl for some reason I cant access the story section on TWILIGHTED.NET. weird 
@whedonesque Gah!  I finally broke down and got it from ebay yesterday, as I had despaired of ever getting it in a store.  
@whedonesque Sweet! Wish I was going. 
@whedonesque Yeah! Thanks, Simon. Saw it on .com. BTW, can I please join whedonesque.com? Been unable 2 do so for yrs. Dying inside w/o. 
@WhereMyEggsAt Very sorry 
@wheremylipgloss I think that would suck. I will have to do the same after an earthquake 
@whererujeezy I think I'm getting the flu 
@wheresitworking Whenever I try to check my mail, it crashes.  And when I open mail settings, it crashes again.  
@whereskate  noo. what's wrong doll?
@wheresmars where in the world did you see ms. ota???! i misss her so much 
@wheresmejumper I ate it all 
@wherever_i_roam o and she didnt get home till about 7.10pm, with no food aswell 
@Whiffies Noooo!!! You can't leave us!  JK, go if it will help you feel better...
@whiitnaay okkk shayla ! &amp; you aint txt diamond back 
@whimsical the joke is we were together and she just ended up beating me to the finish 
@whimsicalthots Am in the office, and the stench is mobile! Woe is me 
WTF, somehow I really messed up my bank balance.  When I looked at it yesterday I had what was a good balance, now I am overdrawn.  
wtf.  no more ian in the cab?
WTF. It sounds like there is a bug in my iPod. It's making a clicking noise and it won't stop. 
wtf. laid down to take a nap at 6:30..next thing i know, it's midnight. &amp; now i'm awake. almost 12 hrs of sleep. missed the party 
Wtf. Now its sunny as hell.  it was raining a min ago
WTF.. got in at 6, face planted into some bong water on my bed, and totally not finishing the porch today  fuck this weekend.. 
Wtf.. Is going on every one's going to bed all early... @garageglamorous and @TheHausgirl went to bed... I'm alone 
WtF...itS RAiNiNG &amp; pOURiNg O-dEE nOw...*SiGh* dON't tHiNk My RidE LikES dRiViNG iN tHA RAiN..nO mOviE fOr mE  :'(
Wtf...Scott woke me up this morning. He broke into my house, now I'm eating Dark Chocolate Chex Mix. No choc. cover pretezel. I'm pissed. 
wtf..how did i get a cold??? 
WTF::HashTableIterator ï¿½ Safari 4 beta ?????? ?? ???? 
wtf?  damn I want cold weather back!
WTF? 3 guys just won a single award? I wish I knew what was going on. Boo. No award for our guy. 
WTF? as if salopek's omitted 
WTF? I seem to have lost the ability to post pictures to friendfeed via tarpipe... Have to check what's wrong Monday  http://ff.im/4eq0i
wtf? i sent some msgs to twitter fr my fonee earlier, and i just checked and their not there 
WTF? I'm sorry but i hate c.m punk 
WTF? is today BE A DICK TO CASHIERS DAY!?! me &amp; juan are hating life. 
WTF? Life is expensive enough in Germany, but the death too (7000ï¿½ for my aunt)! 
Wtf? My arm still hurts... 
WTF? My google sync hasn't updated since April 26th. NO WONDER I've missed random appointments. They aren't showing up on my calendar. 
Wtf? My name is earl got canceled. 
WTF? Now i have nothing to do 
wtf? this is mean  | Iran bans election protest footballers | http://bit.ly/BRyBA
wtf? wedding already over? i cannot even believe it! mel caught the bouquet &amp; the POS catering took my last glass of wine 
Wtf? Weird.. I got home and no one is here. Plus i realized that my whole check is going to pay for tuition  fml
wtf?! just noticed a grey hair on my head!!! :S that only proves even more how stressed i am these days...  need some days off! 
WTF?!?!? My computer just fin crashed! Blue screen of death &amp; all! I need a mac. 
WTF?!?!?!?! The color doesn't show up in my hair  I'm gonna do it again later and leave it in longer under heat.
WTF??? NBC isn't bringing back My Name is Earl... 
WTF??? Oracle bought Sun Microsystems???? MySQL is dead 
wtff is with all these random people adding me?! its getting annoying how i always have to frikken block them 
wtffffff  this rain  
wtfuckkk i just sliced my toe open. Wtfuck oww. 
wtfx up ya'll!? @4NTK I LoVe that quote! Mainly tha FACE part.. lOl! I wish we lived closer to each other 
Wth happened to the warm eweather? Why is it cold today...  Got ready in 20 minutes cuz I woke up late for work  could sleep for days
wth i think theres a mosquito in my room 
wth i'm supposed to get free txts 
Wth lost 3 followers 
wth man!! im hungry im guessing i should not use twitter while i feel like this... kuz then i wont ever eat 
wth tan tan ran outta food 
WTH!  im not getting twitter text update.  im &quot;on&quot; but nothing coming.  
wth! my mum insists tht cycling wld b a 1-month passion &amp; declares tht i may only get a bike when i marry off! 
WTH!? 3.0 release has been bumped to the 18th!  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
WTH, Bruce Springsteen accused of cheating on his wife??? Please say this is not true! I love &quot;The Boss&quot; 
Wth. I wish summer would come already and stay. 
Wth. Plane ticket prices went up all of a sudden 
WTH. That thunder was loud! SUPER LOUD. Accck 
WTH? y u acting like that? :| 
WTH?! I want my life back  I'm dying 
Wua..counting down de hours left in kl.. 
Wuddup tweets...woke up sick ...went to work but left cause its killing me 
Wunderin why Zoe don't twitter 
wushes the rain would stop 
Wut is goin on in vegas dat all my porn star babies were der... 
wut wut? Sneaky Sound System in vancouver this friday and i'm going to miss it.   why is this happening to me?!
wut? 6 hours since my last update, i have a life now!!!! uh,not im o bored and have not done anything today 
Wuttt. Did I miss the 1vs100 party? 
Wuwu, I lost my bank card last night. 
wuz up everybody...somebody talk to im bored 
ww didn't work...i gained it all back    i probably should put down the chips anyway
WWDC badges are a card. No inserts this year. 
WWDC on Monday, wish I was going  maybe next yearâ€¦
WWE Extreme Rules PPV Thumbs Down 
WWE released Jon Cutler.   
wwooooww had a blast tonight. I will miss you guys so baaaad 
www.citizentube.com  Go here to see what happened at the weekend in Iran 
www.digitalfm.hu is almost done...let's learn something for the uni.. OMG 
www.Farttr.com FartWatch: After taking the pills, i'm farting uncontrollabe  http://cli.gs/h3sdLv
www.greetingbee.com offers user-generated personalized greeting cards.  No delivery to Canada.   Interface can be a bit tricky.
www.jumpsoverthelazydog.com Vacation over  Toon from the 30th is reasonless. Todays CanO'Bees mouse over text is a reference to ICP
www.m.tweete.com requires frame:  twitter not opening on phone!!!
www.msnbc.msn.com/id/31040692 Flight to Rio story. They can't find them or the box. I find this makes me even more leery of flying. 
www.mydrunktexts.com/view/s/3410 Do chickens have ear? we just dont know 
www.myspace.com/fashionisthenextcity    .... rreallllyyy wanntsss lostprophets tickets now 
www.NRI-Online.com: Digital Transition, No locals  http://tinyurl.com/mcwbmf
www.obamasplanforgayrights.com  
www.tail-wags.com ...really cute concept but the website doesn't really work on Firefox 
WWWOOWWWW I LOVE YOU JESSE  QQQ
Wyrd News: The Hitman got Hit: well today's boxing highlight was a bust   im not saying im not hyped.. http://tinyurl.com/ceotgo
x  + y =  where x = early morning train and y = very late Stevie night.  Stevie hair do . day 2 = ;-)
x( school tomorrow!!. I have a swimming class!!. I hate it!!! 
x_tara me tooo!! holidaysss are the best. so not looking forward to school 
Xanax. I miss CUDDLING. Ass 
Xaver will be replaced.  I`m gunna miss him!
xbaaawksern with McDamage!  This time no donuts 
X-box 360 is broken again that means no call of duty for a while 
Xbox 360 RROD'd - again!  Two times already, damn you Micro$oft.  
Xbox broke. out of warranty. 
Xbox died just as I get 2 weeks off 
Xbox got the blinky red lights. Figures. 
Xbox Live - $1 per month (U.S only), Y can't we have any? 
Xbox Live down for &quot;up to&quot; 24 hours from 5PM AEST. But Tuesday is ALWAYS XBL night 
xbox live down for the day 
Xbox Live is DAS  But I did just beat Gunstar Heroes and it was awesome.
xbox live is down  no netflix, damn you MS
Xbox live is down  No zeds to shoot
Xbox Live is down = Less Practice = 
xbox live is down for maintainence until tomorrow 
Xbox live is down today.  
XBOX LIve is going down for 24 hour maintenance. Can I breathe without my daily life support?! 
Xbox live isn't working  I hate my life
Xbox Live Maintenance all day  .... http://tinyurl.com/ljwgus
Xbox live ran out! 
Xbox or Playstation 3 that is the question? Cuz my LCD is lonely  xoxo
Xboxlive is down today. :O Now what the hell am I surposed to do today after work. 
xcadaverx, poor guy. it's really over... 
xDendeoh god..I won't go to none of jb italian's concert..this sucks! 
Xen is quitting on his b-day, sad day that will be 
xena (dog) is sick again(still?). back to the vet on friday. she is not old enough to be falling apart 
xeneurope is once again off the face of the planet  time to bite the bullet and switch back to the uk i think..
Xmarks just broke my firefox on ubuntu, can't recover it, going back to windows 7 again 
X-Men 2 is on FX.  Pity that Wolverine is getting such crappy reviews. 
X-Men is the best movie I've seen so far this year although I still haven't seen Star Trek. I know lame 
X-men Origins - Wolverine was AMAZING! Then went to see Madison but they were doing surgery on another baby so we couldn't go in 
X-men origins: Wolverine is a no show - i'd have preferred if they'd kept wolverine a mystery and not go digging his past  Disappointing!
Xneverbackdownx Hurt. 
Xobni (http://www.xobni.com/) has great promise, but Xobni also has great bugs (http://community.xobni.com/showthread.php?t=2497) 
XPO, Have to bind to the object directly  no visual binding method if you want OnChanged to update your WinForms control of new value 
X-ray showed compression fracture of T11vertebra, kinda explains the discomfort I have had the last 5 weeks, so no mtb for a while 
XT Network data costs  come on guys ya network is so fast yet ya pricing plans are old school!! a real hit and miss http://www.telecom.co
Xubuntu installed on the POS pc.. just need to get the audio drivers complied and installed.... lost in that department! Help! 
xxxmystik  aint update in like 2 days 
y &quot;i m always rite...the other person makes the mistakes&quot; feeling stays between good frnds 
Y am i up? 
Y are we not twittering about http://snurl.com/hzfbs ? people need to know about @lauraling and her work on @current 
Y can I not sleep!!! It's 4.11am I can see light thru my curtains and I still lay here wide awake!! All I wna do I sleep 
y cant relationships be easy but then again thats life 
Y CANT WE ALL JUST GET ALONG 
y did it start to rain again, right when im packing my car 
Y did virgin media hav 2 cancel trouble! i gt no mre fresh prince 2 wtch 
Y didnt i go 32 school 2b a vet?Do yall know how much dam money they make! Its sickning!on my way 2give them sum more of my money 
y do i have to suffer from boredom during vacation!!! uugghhh....this is y i h8 being an only child.....  -__-
Y does it have to rain wen I have so many things to get done!? 
Y is 2day going by so slow 
Y is everyone eatin good food?? @GirlwitCurls with the BLT, @AlexanderGWhite with the Jack-In-The-Crack. I've got cereal 
y is it always like this?!?!......malapit na aq eh! ba't hnd......arghh!~~!!!! 
Y is it soo damn hard 4 me 2 reach 100 followers? Ugh! 
y is it sooo expensive...  but so perfect
Y is it still rainin  http://myloc.me/4NGh
Y is there nothing sweet to eat @ mi casa?  we shoulda bought that red velvet!!! Ugh
y isnt my pic showing? 
Y the train of anti-me-ism  i dont like this train it makes me sad
Y u in a mood sexiest?? got up a while ago... seems no one likes me anymore  all cause im slightly diffrent.
Y won't my  go away
Y!:I KNEW it!! Princess Bug is having babies! She is still only a baby herself! I'm worried... 
Y!:watching a ovie and horny 
Y!M with Dad. I miss him  - BUZZ!!! aimee_pinkishred: Da mike francisco: aimee nabasa ko meron hini sa st... http://tumblr.com/x3w23a1l1
Ya ampring. Chips poker gw 0 dolar. 
Ya gotta love the smell of dog crap on the bottom of your shoe when you don't realize it's there...I was going out of my mind!!! 
ya hopefully eventually but they cost $110  tell nicole i said hey
ya i know Ashley and u wouldn't go to kings dominion 
ya i noticed  but its ok...i love you too
ya know why today sucks? its been raining, we have no $, &amp; no possibility of a magic friday.  so whats goin down tonight?
Ya nadie me trata igual... it breaks my heart into countless pieces. 
ya no pude ver el zapping zone completo...  ashsh
ya rabbi.steam train oh steam train, why are u so expensive to ride?! 
ya still on the plane they arent gonna let us off anytime soon looks like 
ya thanks shambo..  now you sent it to me....      couldnt you have just made it stop... all this noise!!!!???
ya, u' right, u a bastard 
yaaaaa I HATE FRENCH WITH A PASSION. wow i never thought something could make me so mad at my computer 
yaaaaaaaaaay repeat of the 2009 mtv movie awards in half an hour. i missed them before due to singing. 
Yaaaaaaay my day off. Bbboooo I'm stuck with the kid all day  parents left to S.D. And they say I'm the party animal!
YAAAAYY figured out my ipod isnt broekn (Y) but on another note i dont get the itouch  but YAY so hot today hadda tanning session at lunch
yaaawn - jet lag should be made illegal  thought I'd got it beat, but apparently not!
yaaawn. ugh tomorrow is my last day off before it's back to work again 
YAAAY! I just got dark. 
Yaaay, honeymoon booked!! Just need to pay for it now 
yaawn, i'm tired. loordyy let tonigght be okaayy. my whole body is aching. i feeeel like dyingg aswell @jacvanek 
Yaawwwwwning @ the office! ...... 
Yaayaya finally summmmer! Tummy ache from all that frostingg 
yaayooo. learn for chemical exam tomorrow. I CAN'T learn it cause i don't know anything. Chemicals sucks  !!
yaayyy ashley tisdale comes to germany to the Comet Award Show but i can't be there  hope to see you sometime again 
Yack-shaving done. Does this mean I have to go back to real work now? 
yah i don't think i could ever sit there and watch ANYONE play it it looks so boring just jumping around 
yah sorry the video isn't live yet, jumped the gun, this is taking FOREVER 
yahoo 360plus doesn't let me set a favourite blog because i have no friends 
Yahoo toolbar for Firefox has been RADICALLY UPDATED! It loomks cool, instead of sophisticated. (I liked sophisticated...  )
Yahoo! 360 to Shut Down  - Tin ??n ?ï¿½ thï¿½nh hi?n th?c. ?i?u nï¿½y th?t ch?ng mong mu?n t?o nï¿½o nh?ng ch? cï¿½... http://tumblr.com/xyu1wmbzw
Yahoo! 360 to Shut Down (2) - Entry from Yahoo! 360 Team ï¿½s blog  It ï¿½s true Over the past two years there... http://tumblr.com/xyu1wmetm
yahoo! cena got revenge against the big show! too bad for jeff...                   
yahoooo....for a change goin to see a movie in cinemas...but the sad part is missing fedex match 
yaiks! i'm not in the mood to study for the histology, pathology anatomic, and microbiology practical exam; but yet i still have to do it 
YAIYYYY...i want big apple please mummy 
y'all are making me sad 
yall besta hurry up nd follow meh.........its qettin late nd theres nobody 2 talk 2 
Ya'll don understand I wanna make some drastic changes switch shit up shave my head an move back in with my mommy an be a baby 
Ya'll I turned off my device updates and I can't turn em back on! I feel so...so...out of touch 
Ya'll I was gonna cook dinner tonight, but I think it's just too damn hot. I don't want to 
Yall I'm sick as a dog. Like really fucked up!!!!!!!!!! 
YAMAHA TIME  Worst hour.
yankees game was postponed. 
Yankees just can't get it together!  Losing all 3 to Boston, 2 to the Nationals and now the Marlins! 
Yankees win and a great start to the weekend. Season tickets arrived for Oxford today as well; my boy's first one and he was 'overjoyed' 
Yanks lost to the Nationals? How embarrassing and frustrating!!! 
yanks lost.  really tired, but i need to start thinking about choreography
Yannick not well  poor boy...xx
Yao Ming is done for the season.  Happy Mother's Day! 
Yao Ming is out of the playoffs 
yao's out for the season with a broken leg...it's all over, rockets.  
Yard Sale again today. I know one thing though. I want to go to bed like right now instead of doing this yard sale. 
Yard sale day #2 - last day! Come buy our stuff pls!  15 Holbrook St, Jamaica Plain.
Yardsalers packed up their stuff early. Losers, I was hoping to find a life for my sisters bf 
Yardwork 
Yargghh... I hate preparing for a formal speech. So painful to practice in front of no one! 
Yargh Monday! Just purchased promo material. I am a broke bunny. 
Yarlet is feeling very empty now  Only a couple of people left... Foreshadowing of the summer to come?
Yarrrrrrrrrrrrgh. Have to work tomorrow and today is still not over 
-yawn- im so tired its unreal!! I was up at 5am watching Hannah Montanna with my 7year old cousin. Hannah Montanna is good but not at 5am 
yawn morning I've had an hours sleep  x
YAWN need Starbucks! Research paper to do and Informative Speech to plan for 
Yawn yawn waiting for download boring. I hope it doesn't take forever to install 
yawn!  don't know why I've been so tired. 
yawn! its a sunday and i woke up at 8.30. failed to have a lie in, again 
Yawn!! Just woke up from a horrible nights sleep. I kept waking up all night 
yawn, the weather is going to be boring all week 
Yawn. Cant sleep. cant study.cant talk to anyone. Nothing to eat. Only water.  i need something cheesy and deep fried.
Yawn. I had trouble getting up today because 1. it's grey and rainy, 2. I have to go back to work today, and 3. no Zack.  Sad boosh.
yawn. pure tired tbh. dont know what to do 
yawn.. bored 
Yawning hurts...Ouch 
yawnn. woke up late and too lazy to go to school 
yawwwwwn! fell asleep before, wanted to sleep all night but couldn't so back on here it is  msn is hilarious tonight! 
yay - iPhone updated to OS 3.0 - MMS not working yet tho 
yay - tethered my iphone (pity this mini9's bluetooth crashes tho) - wonder what o2 is charging me for this 
yay ! had an awesome time at the IWK telethon for children. interviewed on air - plus Ellen Page was there, but missed her by a few mins 
Yay #DMB concert!  Boo traffic making us miss special Bud Light pre-game 
YAY 9 sleeps until mtv awards 09..so watching it! School update = LAME 9as usual) SHIT WEATHER HERE IN CHRISTCHURCH &amp; IT NOT WINTER YET 
yay after a week my timetable is fixed, and now i hate it 1 more subject than i was wanting  but oh well its all about the end result
Yay after a year i finally have a new wish at 11:11!! My other one never came true though 
Yay AS ICT Coursework 
Yay ashes!! Bad for your internets.  awh sorry lolo.
yay back from brissy it was really wet up there got skool 2moro 
Yay BLUEBERRY PANCAKES...yummm..*BITE*...wait wheres the blueberries! 
Yay Button! But i'm slightly pissed that Barrichello had to retire.  #f1
Yay cant wait!! But sad at the same time! 
Yay Cavs! Sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep. Sorry Mavs 
yay cheerleading when im sick. its gonna be a fun  night peoples 
Yay creepy movie with that really weird looking yet sexy chick. Also painting nails. Very hungry 
yay Diversity won! poor Susan Boyle 
yay done with study guides. now to actually study. 
yay finished lord of the flies study questions  now, i think i will work on my japanese hw *sigh* 
yay finished my essay! thank god! thats 3 down 4 to go! freakin hell  tomoro Eurotrip meeting yay!!! i get excited ova the dam meetings!
Yay finished work. Was busy busy  hope your all well!
Yay for $10 in-store credit! Boo for uber tired feet 
Yay for bagels! Leavin jack's to study soon 
Yay for being in the showroom all day and not getting to have fun last night  I'm so upset I just used an emoticon. Yay three jobs!
yay for bookshelves! boo for cleaning 
Yay for days off!! To bad there's laundry to do 
YAY for diaper dolphins class! Taylor actually had a great time today!  My camara batteries died, so no pics tho 
Yay for exit row seat on @southwest flight to San antonio.  Boo for realizing after I sit down that large man next to me has bad BO 
Yay for getting out of work 2 hours early! Boo for only getting paid for 3 hours 
yay for girls nights, do I have to work tomorrow 
Yay for having a semi back into my car 
Yay for Jon and Kate + 8! boo for having to work at 10am 
yay for only 3 hours of sleep!! 
Yay for phone working again! Boo for dodgers giving the angels a winning homerun in the 8th  yay for it being my Friday!
yay for saturdays!!! BOOOOO for having to work on saturdays!!! 
Yay for watching movies in my pjs. Not so yay for missing you 
Yay Friday stuck at work 
Yay grocery shopping (sarcasm) I hate spending money 
YAY guess what! http://damdevil.org's birthday is comming up!!! w00t i cant belive its been soo long 
YAY guys!!! tonight is my LAST overnight... then i go on overnights again in a week and a half  LOLs
yay he's back, but troop beverly hills' not done 
yay homework rocks........ ok im lying 
Yay house is spotless! Now need to figure out why I can't download Flash Player when it says it has. Stupid technology. 
YAY I CAN TWEET AGAIN..twitter had me on punishment yall 
yay I got my desktop back now just to reinstall everything 
Yay I got my hair wet in the pool!! Woohoo! There's hella heads here. Haha. Work at 530 
yay i hav internet at home!!!! sort of. reli slow tho 
Yay i have a japanese guy following me. thats awesome. I wanna go to japan 
yay i like the sun now  not going to fia's though 
Yay I'm home!!! But my weekend still doesn't start till Wednesday  I need a mivie
yay im inm bed now!!sleep tym for me..have wk tomorrow 
yay im on my internet was down yesterday  But now im on 
Yay its friday. So much to do today  tomorrow pcola though!!!!
Yay it's my birthday! Already 18. Err but I was so disappointed. 
yay its not raining! missing my baby boy though! 
Yay it's not raining.....but I still have a ton on work 
Yay its saturday , and tomorrow is sunday anndd it will be monday again soon . I hate monday  . Come at 6.30 and go home at 3.35.name  ...
yay janice is gone, sad holly had to go  go patty, tori, and lou all the ones i hate r gone haha
YAY JUSTIN SPEIER. he made it! i miss his stupid face, listening on radio again cause im on the road  #angels
yay last exam tomorrow... but its maths b 
YAY laterally hyperextended my knee today! cant walk 
yay lets clean our room today  my life is so full lol
Yay MLG columbus but its gay cozx instinct lost 
Yay my ATL shawtyyy is here...MY BFF/CuzzY....Can't wait 2 see her nd my baby I haven't seen him since he was born 
Yay my sis just joined me &amp; tiff outside still no beer. 
yay neighbours is about to start. poor didge and dec the commercial looks sad!  
yay new addition to my sims family!! i dont want the baby to grow up 
yay new laptop is working  boo phone screen is wonky 
yay no school for me todayy.. but the bad part is that i cant do anything till i finish my project 
Yay no work! Good cuse i dont feel to good again 
yay one and a half hours down...and ive done....200 words...oh 
Yay OS 3.0 is installed. Too bad it's not that exciting 
Yay out of hospital hope i dont need to go back  Miss Foley lots and lots take me back to LSV Family
Yay school exams.. 
yay school is over. now a week of exams..... 
yay school starts tomorrow!!! 
Yay schools over! But I am going to miss everyway! 
yay so back on twitter and i have to get all my followers back  sucks for me! anyway, its raining in ny...gross. needs to be 80 again!
yay summer school..........   NOT!!!  
yay sun! Badd homework though. 
yay that was good umm reggie perrin next.. oh who cares no1's watching bbc1  lol
YAY THE LAKERS GOIN TO THE FINALS!!! to bad melo lost on his bday 
Yay the sounds...I'd upload a pic but they're too blurry 
yay the weekend is here!! but workin on sunday  but its with em so im happy!
yay tidying my room... such a sucky day! 
yay training is over for the day! but i have to wait for my ride... like 30 min 
Yay twitter is back. Courtney i'll give you details on &quot;Him&quot; on Monday  
yay vixens!!! worst day ever yesterday evil boss on the warpath. more study today  need my birthday and to win lotto on it!!
Yay weekend! Too bad Dave is working all weekend 
yay whiskey.  yay life.  yay friends.  yay missing some dude in another country.  fml.  
yay wicked win at netty tonight! but omg i have sooooo much work to do for uni 
yay wonderful. we currently only have one working car 
yay yay!!! twitter is back! woo. i was worried cause xbox live is down too 
yay! @jenniferhaymore has made me happy again. She WAS making me sad 
Yay! after much hacking/googling I finally have my fave sms tone back on my iphone -too bad its a few hrs of my life I'll never get back 
Yay! Boss is gone until 4, but the big boss is coming in @ 3:30 and I didn't know or I would have dressed up 
Yay! Both 1187 bridges open! But just 1 lane EB. 
yay! english assignment, heaps of fun 
Yay! Finally got a new computer after my laptop crashed 
Yay! Got a great cover quote from a fab author. Monday is looking up--although, no milk for coffee 
Yay! Gym over and done with, just in time to.... Start getting ready for work.  Sigh.
Yay! Happy Birthday to me ! yea work is slow now  All the crazy work request is over for the next three hrs!!
Yay! I get to refill my prescription today. 
Yay! I got into 1 vs 100 on the 360. I don't see a Bob Saget avitar 
YAY! I have the BRITNEY FOR THE RECORD dvd! and i am pissed off at the britney fan who scared her! he should die!  poor brit
Yay! It seems I'm still working in La Quinta this coming week 
Yay! Jessica got here visa! Boo! She leaves me here alone 
Yay! Just got my new iphone! It's a mess adding the second line though...still in store...1.5 hours later 
Yay! Kyle is home! But he just went somewhere 
yay! mikey's getting me food from in and out. too bad tonights going to be filled with studying. 
Yay! My creepy stalker guy is here looking at porn on the public computers. 
yay! my custom Linux kernel rebuild worked - but still didn't give me the hardware drivers I needed 
Yay! My girlfriend isn't here. 
YAY! My views got unfrozen! but froze again after 2 views. 
YAY! My weekend has officially begun... I had a book I was going to get for my prize... now I don't remember what it was  #fb
Yay! No more squeaky breaks!!! But my stupid car has other problems! Great!!!!  there goes my vegas trip! :-/
Yay! Not yay for dying phones though 
YAY! 'nother interview on monday!!!! im a lil worried about this one she said the don't pay what I should be getting 
Yay! Out the office. But so hot 
YAY! RETURNED FROM SICKNESS!  I was out of school for 3 days. Missed Chloe. 
yay! summer holidays are finally here, except now I have work experience! 
Yay! Telltale is going to release a 5-part series based on Monkey Island! Not for Mac, though.  http://www.telltalegames.com/monkeyisland
Yay! Time for my weekly Airport kaboosh, which happens when I'm trying to grab the most recent Grand Prix video. Bad timing 
Yay! we won yay! but we lost the cup  sooo bitter sweet....
Yay! Work is crazy and my shoulder hurts real bad! Woot  IT'S GINGER!
yay!! done with going to graduations... but  I won't ever get to walk for my college graduation.
YAY!! Hospice is BACK to help me with my grams again. Thank God, coz I NEED he HELP!  God Bless you Grams! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!
YAY!! powers back on!! poor sis got her car stuck in a puddle..of course my brother doesnt have a phone so i got the call &amp; now no phone 
YAY!! RICKY IS HOT!! haha wish I could watch it 
Yay!! Tweetdeck! Idk why I spend so much time on twitter when my friends don't even come on. 
Yay!! Twitter is back!! I did miss it so   #padres down 5-0 still...
yay!! XBL is back!! damn i couldn't play lastnight  dont see any changes tho :p
yay!!! I GOT GYMNAST OF THE WEEK AND I NEVER GET IT... HEHE NO SKOOL ON MONDAY NO MORE EVIL SCIENCE TEACHER YAY YAY YAY OH NO I HAV EXAMS 
Yay!!! it's monday and i get to go to work!!  
YAY!!! Just finished this paper on Night.....great book....bad paper  Oh well!
YAY!!! text message.... oh its just angie  lol just kiddingggggg bffs for life hahahaha lame right?
YAY!!!! Basij headquarter has been burned.  It looks like an explosion.  Although I hope no one was hurt. 
Yay, BGT is over. Sadly now, Big Brother is on it's way 
Yay, class is ovah!  I still haven't had any breakfast and my arm hurts  
Yay, get to spend the day being a tired bastard cos Maddie thought it'd be an awesome idea to wake me at 5 bloody am, can't sleep now... 
Yay, going to do an internship at the doctor's for school this morning =D Last day though 
yay, i'm done. finally  now i have to pee  and i'm hungry too
Yay, it's Monday. Woke up, cold shower... what a morning 
yay, migraine to round of Berlin 
yay, more stuff deployed into production.  Now onto something a bit more interesting...automated regression tests... 
YAY, MY FIRST 1 AM TWEET. I can't sleep... 
Yay, no more english... Kinda... Geoggers in half hour 
Yay, rain again 
yay. today i get 2 spend the day with the athletic director 
yay. weekends. I can't wait until school's over. I need to find my book, the Time Traveler's Wife, as well as my glasses. 
Yay..... waiting for the bus 
Yay: Thunder. Boo: Thunder, but stepdad hasn't gone to get my car yet. 
Yayaya, @linasabrina thanks for your support. Ga dibls lin  engga gue udah pulang kok kan cuma PP hehehe
yayayay ice cream truck just came by my house! bad decision of choosing the spongebob ice cream though.. not as tasty as it looked 
yayayayayay studying &amp; crying myself to sleep. bio regents tomorrow 11:45...so so so scared.  @taylorswift13 any goodluck songs?
Yayface: I get to go get a ball signed by the Phillies' Ryan Madsen tonight. Sadface: It's Monday and I wish I got more sleep. 
Yays to Federer! Didnt get to watch the match 
yayy last day of classes! Then finals next week 
Yayy me and Asheeee are gonna chill.  I'm sad she has to get rid of her kitty!  
YAYY! home at last! everything done for the day!  got my needle! ouch! 1 more in 4months  atleast now i wont get cervical cancer!  lol
yayyy back to work 
Yayyy for living with absminkey!! Getting prepared for a long night of endless studying 
yayyy my ipod sold on ebay, ill miss it  lol but sigh the high bidder/winner has 0 fb and created their acct yesterday, better pay up lol
yayyy thunderstorm. where tf is @PoisonPrince ? 
yayyyy got my background 2 change but shyt twitter bein gay and wont lemme upload a regular pic 
Yazeed Piggly tried to call me from Paris just now but I was too busy swimming with my little cousins to pick up 
YC's on air now. ;) you go woman! hahaha! www.radioheatwave.com but you can't access it if u aren't in NP 
ye i am watching changling i like this film it is sad 
ye kyA ho raha hai    .. &quot;preponin&quot; deadlines  
Yea  its been a pretty gay day
Yea .. Don't you hate it when drunk ass ppl run into you at the club and break yer $500 flash ... Wonderful... 
Yea but the weather killed it   wat u up to?? @MrTurner89
yea dude... 5'8&quot;! really!?  
Yea his voicemail is full. 
yea i cant sleep eitha  ugh are u hyper tila!!!!
Yea I did....not everything but whatever was important....I left back all my song 
Yea I just hit my head real hard n now its hurting  @SpiceFlow
Yea I kno  U go down there? @jknowtruth
yea i miss you too 
Yea me 2, il hav 2 ask my mum and she mite say no  but i cnt b botherd
Yea me and ate failed  lol
Yea me too!!! Ha Ha I've been off for 2wks. go back to work Weds. evening...   
Yea mickey ds is whack try a clothing store buh most of them u gotta be 18  @CarinaChestnut
yea ok so the power ranger tv star..yea he was in one episode how dare the media bash the greatest show and sega game alive  shame on u
Yea!! Time to go to Holt Renfrew!!  shopping!! Need to haul so badly. Havnt shopped for 15 days!! 
Yea!!! Calgary won last night!!!!  poor Montreal lost to Ottawa though 
yea, already miss them 
yea, but no recording 
yea, i think the 3rd person thing isn't so important on here! lol. omg thanks for reminding me, I have to clean my car too..... 
yea, up to date with dailybooth. now i can relax and use it properly!til monday...were il fall behind because...i have no interwebs 
Yea..                                      DA WOOD...
Yea....i need my own car   &lt;benoit&gt;
yea...Monday.. 
Yeaa I don't know  I feel like shit
Yeaaaaaaaaa I failed algebra So now I get to go to summer school!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yeaaaah, I think geoff wins this round 
Yeaaah me too  @lykaorhel
Yeaaah, would've been good to know that Record Store Day in Canada does *not* include the Leonard Cohen record I wanted! 
Yeaargh! Jiang-Conrath and Resnik similarity metrics not normalised. Should've caught this during testing. Amateur hour. 35 hours wasted 
Yeah  i'm sooooo tired!
yeah &quot;what now?!&quot; is not a great txt msg to get at 12:15am. mb I liked u better when u drank. mb u liked me better then 2. how sad. 
Yeah @drmani @Artmaker prob is one week is when schools are back in, have to ask headmaster permission, but his staff messed us around 
yeah @erincarrasco i think so. I need motivation to get up in the am. i was doing SO well  #Tweightloss or something right @AudreyMcCl ...
Yeah @kerryank @tuttle88 having to find alternate means to watch dailyshow &amp; colbert. 
Yeah @WoodlandSpirit @btocher @ZenDoc seems to be automated DM spam for some twitter follower getting scheme 
Yeah 7 hours of backing up to send away Todd (my Mac) to get fixed. 
Yeah baby! No hood like my hood... Feeling nostalgic  http://bit.ly/19OjSD
Yeah but I may call out bc I'm feeling like crap I'm going to the dr had like a asthma attack  I'm a mess no one answers my texts
yeah but i was trying to send a msg to you  :S also trying to put a pic on but it aint happening   do they have to approve it or summit?
yeah definitely sickkk 
yeah freaking worst headache and sorethroat of my life. these prescriptions are NOT helping! still have 13 more days till it heals 
yeah half way through the conversation i started to get ready 
Yeah I Hope So!! Its To Hard To See Him N Just B Mates 
yeah i really dont get twitter 
Yeah I really need a drink about 5 min ago. 
Yeah I think I broke the Twitter BG upload. It's not working for me. 
Yeah I think I touched something that had mikes germs on it because I have a sore throat now  dammit I knew I should have not gone there!
Yeah i though they would upgrade existing customers as they done that with the current iphone 
yeah I wanna go home 
yeah i was talking to nao. her sister died recently and now her mum is in hospital  poor kid
Yeah I'm in my 8am, but my computer is about to die 
Yeah im keeping the same number, but my mum wont let me go to mansfield and get the phone!!!  
Yeah in there right now and no one is talking to me 
Yeah it was a pretty sad game 
yeah its difficult letting you down...knowing its all my fault. 
YEAH it's FRIDAY at last!!  Its gonna rain all weekend and this makes me very sad 
Yeah it's Friday but I have to work at 5am tomorrow  oh well going shopping afterwork
Yeah its no biggie thank god. I wanna chill with my fam fam 
yeah its pretty awesome. sucks that i cant see it over here tho! 
Yeah loml 
Yeah me drive an hour and a half back out there to play lol. i have to work tomorrow 
Yeah me too, it will be ten here but I'm tired already. Neighbors dog kept me up half the night. 
Yeah my bff is in town. too bad its right before he goes back to iraq 
Yeah my room is def. going to need another day.. Yes it's that bad. :// Workingg outt! I need it.. 
Yeah no more school until September!!!! So sad about the JB tickets ! They are for sale today and I can't go  'cause it's a thursday ....
Yeah not feeling good at all 
yeah pero bumalik pa rin sya. and he also got ride-thru penalty. 
Yeah pool and sun plus hangover is not a good combo/staying inside for the rest of the afternoon feeling the consequences from last night 
Yeah sister woke me up all early  lol
Yeah so I'm thinking I may load 64 bit os on both my pcs too bad my lap doesn't support 8 gb of ram 
yeah so mimi went home early today... she was crying   i really hate airhead right now
YEAH SO NOW I'M DEFF UNFOLLOWING EVERYONE. - seaniegurrl: why??  http://tumblr.com/xgs24f7xe
Yeah the last full day. But I still jab another half a day . I want it to come but now I don't cuz I'm gonna miss all my buds!! 
Yeah watched some of the 1st and all the second half. It was good, but i was supporting everton.  
Yeah yeah   http://twitpic.com/7g591
Yeah yeah yeah.  whatev dude@MrSmoothsofly
Yeah yeah. Dragon boat festival today; too bad it's cool and rainy.  1hr to first race and an ass kicking handed out by us.
Yeah! Awww. 
Yeah! Finished my bag!! I stabbed my fingers with the needle a billion times though  owwie. But no blood shed, so its good.
Yeah! My hubby is going to drive me to work this morn! But,that's only cuz he has to take the car in 
Yeah! The Twins pwned the pirates. Os 3.0 vid comin 2morrow. Srry I couldn't get it done 2day. 
YEAH!! lifes is great! I hate MEAN girls!! they're so stupid! why they thiink they can treat u like trash!? They're The Trash!  
Yeah!!!....so leren 
Yeah, finish one assignment...damn three more left 
Yeah, I didn't win the contest. 
Yeah, I got new meds, and they make me a little sleepy, slow, and head-achey. 
Yeah, I gotta work tonight   I'll try to catch some of it, but I am DVR'ing it so I'll be able to see it after I get off work.  GO PENS!!
Yeah, I know I am going to talk to her about it. She knows we're not friends, but she wants to &quot;save the day&quot; and make us friends.  grr..
Yeah, I know, what a freak! But it's raining and pouring out 
yeah, i really needed to get my period and be cramping like fuck and then get caught in a rainstorm. look and feel horrible 
Yeah, I've always loved Fuji. I'm a previous Fuji user. But just because of the lenses you know  kinda hard to look for them...
yeah, me , garth can you come get me in a while? eraks leaving in  bit 
Yeah, my laptop now has a 500 GB hard drive in it!  I now have 250 GB free!  That probably won't last long though 
yeah, nevermind... i didn't get to go see scott... 2 more weeks   oh and turns out the fashion show i was stressing about isn't til 7/11
Yeah, Plex is laggy and drops frames, just like XBMC.  So it looks like I'm stuck with the awkward and ugly Front Row. Eh, could be worse.
yeah, probably shouldn't fight inanimate objects lol...i lost 
Yeah, she is 
yeah, shop is closed for the day!  not as busy as usual but the freaky weather is keeping people away 
Yeah, so apparently waking up at 9:20 is sleeping in for me. 
Yeah, so in an uncomfortable and way too personal note for Twitter, Jen had a miscarriage a few weeks ago, so this isn't a baby problem 
Yeah, so today was pretty stupid. I'm impressed with what my girls got done, but there is still so much to do! Retail = Hell. 
yeah, so trying to eat healthy, my mum going out and buying  fudge cake, MY FAVORITE! is not helping!! 
Yeah, this is just great, sick in the middle of the night and can't sleep...and I was gonna see Star Trek tomorrow  *kicks and screams*
Yeah, those will really match the tattoo, lol. Helpme think of something. Are you mad I want your stems? 
yeah, twitter is dead on my phone 
yeah, yeah, I spelled Jame's Beard's name incorrectly. I am embarrassed and ashamed 
Yeah, you're right. Jonas Brothers are one of the better things in my life right now. My dad died a year ago and mum is in the hospital 
Yeah.  im disappointed in myself
Yeah. . . . Btw Alexander died on the 7th of january 1951  he was dearly loved
Yeah. Lol. And im too lazy to go plug it in 
yeah. old time plan. i don't even know why i agreed. 
Yeah. Only I could live MY life and make myself seem happy to all those who don't know any better. The only good thing I have is my job. 
Yeah. Very sad. 
yeah... and remember im leaving out to sea. 
Yeah... I'm not liking this movie much.  hits a little too close to home.
yeah... super uninspired tonight 
Yeah...pretty boring. Have nothing to do. 
Yeah...they lost 
yeahh i'm still sick and i have a history and a physics project waiting for me...&amp; im gonna have to start studying for exams 
Yeahh, I guess not  I feel so horrible. I told her id be here for her whenever she need me.
yeahhh I got my summer classes figured out! taking Physical Anth. instead of Cultural Anth. I still don't wanna start tomorrow though 
yeahhh, i have chincken salt in bag bag..with no chippies  @prestonwilliam
yeahhh. definitely think this nose ring is probably going to wind up having to come out. fml. 
Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh friday..and I work tomorrow 
yeap, it can be serious 
YEAR 12 MUSIC MODERATION TOMORROW.  OHNOES. 50% of my grade is going down the drain...unless I practice. Which is gonna start... now. 
Year One did not make me laugh. Dissapointed. 
Year One- I must see it. 
Year one isn't as good as it looks in the ads. 
year one looks sooooo funny, unfortunately i will not have money to see it in theatres  
Year one of uni over! I move out of halls today. Sad times 
Year One was funny, but nothing incredible like I was hoping for. 
Year One wasn't as funny as I had hoped.  Should've just watched the Hangover again!
Year One. Please come out faster!!! 
yearly and semi-yearly haircuts are NOT acceptable! i do NOT want to go into work  why do people do this?!?
Yeayeah paying for my dental problem. Not good 
yedda broke my nail!!!!!!!! my nail was SO GREAT (((( i am so sad! now I have 9 nails long and 1 short!  i want my nail !
yeeaaaa typical bank holiday monday in blighty - it's a gonna rain! for a change...still gonna get me treader out and get wet whoop whoop 
Yeeah! It is Saturday=D my fave day ;) But I must learn for biology,geography,physics and maths  (AND IT IS SUNNY and I must learn  )
YEEEAH the summer in 24 days WOW.. yes i wait 
yeeessss yeesss jam 4  3 hours again 
yeeey, just woke up, time to dress up and then go to school. 
yeeeya &amp; i think i'm still drunk. fucking crown royal 
Yeehaw. Got the bill for Gavin's trip to the ER a couple of weeks ago. So far we've racked up $955. Don't think that's the last of it. 
Yeh, that last tweet was for @caz_smash ...damn you Twitter 
yeha! i just got home! i am so not feeling well! 
Yehey! 1a! With @triiiciaf,EG,Martha, &amp; Aby! (yeah i ask what is there section) But Bye bye Bea 
yehhh I thought,its the weekend but no not for me im working again in the morning arggg!! 
Yehonatan just woke everyone up at 6:30 
Yelling Lakeshow simply because I want to be in with the cool kids ... and no that OT extension did not produce more puppet commercials 
Yellow Car isn't any fun on your own. 
Yellow Eyes is in Lost!! i love that actor, too bad it seems to be a bit part 
Yellowstone Workers Fired for Urinating in Old Faithful http://bit.ly/8vpDb #odd &lt;-You have to wonder what motivates some folks 
yelp.com says Ketchup in MD is horrible and not worth going to  3 out of 30 reviews were good.. hmmm
yep am back.i decided to run on me treadmil.am gettin fat  exam stress and am a nervous eater =/
Yep diets stink...here i am eating rabbit food while my guy friends shove cheesy stuffed crust pizza down their throats 
Yep i Dnt have my mojo. 
yep im home and i miss him already  kinda lol uh thursday i have so much goin on and all this shid is last min includin P.G practice
Yep is sleep time no one to talk to 
yep its all ugly and I have not dedicated time for it 
Yep it's lightening. 
Yep its the crap nautic path, boss has taken the only navionics chart we have for demo tomorrow        arse.
Yep looks like my marriage is over...appt with the lawyer tomorrow @ 1:00. 
Yep, been awake since 4am  Very tired now but things to do
yep, definitely a pollen day! 
Yep, definitely have to see a good percentage of my doujin before leaving, I just have way too much and no place to store them 
Yep, is seams like I lost my phone yesterday, don't mix Vodka with Wine 
Yep, its been raining all night and now I think its going to rain all day. 
Yep, looks like the beginning of an infection. Sucks cause I'm singing tonight. I hope that won't be the last time.. 
Yep, lost my bet to chris 
Yep, north Kent  no fair!
Yep, still in Jersey. I don't understand this traffic 
Yep, the regular Coke didn't last too long....was making me feel sick! SOOOO not worth it. 
Yep, tomorrow (today) will suck 
yep. but on july 2nd! you'll be gone!  i have to talk someone else into going with me! 
Yep. My brother @beachjd agrees. Dang it...more cleaning must be done 
Yep. That good feeling didn't last.  back to sleeping for me.
Yep... 6:07am 
yep... still awake... 
yep...prolly wastin my time and effort...yep...I'm an idiot...yep...I'm still crushin tho 
Yep...Shirt going in the trash...some people can just be so cruel! 
Yepp my car door is completely broken. Wonderful. (via @SarahS_10) ~ sorry to hear about your car door. 
yer i know it has been ages, i know i have been very slack with catching up with people   hey how many &quot;followers&quot; do you have?
yerrrrrrrr ! no randys lounge tonight  no one to go with - what cool friends I have!
YES  and remeber me of the novel :'( im gonna cry. 
Yes - it is working - must be the local ntwork 
yes  twitter file upload not working properly
Yes *sigh* the boobs certainly suffered after 155lbs lost. 
YES @DonnieWahlberg @katdog74 is telling the truth...WE WANT TO GO TO THE HOUSTON SHOW!!! but i work for the county &amp; she's a teacher 
YES and archie is gonna propose to veronica in issue 600 coming out in september! 
Yes i agree, it hurts when people  say &quot;That's so gay.&quot; 
Yes I am but I'm so locked in my studies I wish I could go out  u are from miami right
YES I AM GOING TO BE A SOPHMORE IN COLLEGE. Geez. Cant get a job cause everyone thinks im fifteen. 
Yes I am looking for another job! One doesn't cut it! Plus I might be losing mine  Sad day!
Yes I have a facebook and not one friend  but I guess myspace was lame
Yes i really did it. Now i really am alone.  i don't know its a good but bad feeling i have inside.
Yes i'm at work   bummer
Yes its me again, does anyone know how to change ur display pic thing cos mine is set to default n it wont work wen i try n change it  ...
Yes it's summer!!!!!! Lovin it here in Germany, but we got rained on all day!!!!!!  
Yes it's true, I'm awake during the day. For some reason lately I get too tired for late night, take a nap and wake up between 7-8. 
yes or no ?? 
Yes please! Im always so cold    cuz my bones are old.  
YES school is almost over then the summer then ugh HIGH SCHOOL  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yes the secret life was soo sad i felt soo bad for grace 
yes' the sun is back! one day left for summerbreak. i'm so excited, but it is kinda sad to 
Yes Tunewiki - blips are a cool feature! Now if my Last.fm listening was being reflected on the Last.fm website I'd be happy 
yes u are  I suck at this game haha ...who was th@?
Yes yes y'all damn insomnia strikes back 
YES! CAM WON!  DAMMIT! TAYLOR AND VANESSA DID NOT! THAT MAKES ME TRE SAD 
yes! computer is running again! cant use twitter with my new phone though 
Yes! I finished my Religion assignment XD. LOL! Now time to do my math assignment away from the computer... 
YES! I get to air my Obama Date Night grievances on The Buzz on today's Rhode Show. And uh oh... Air France jet disappears over Atlantic 
yes! I'm done with my essay...yet I still have so much more work! it's never ending! 
Yes! Keith Urban. I wish he was performing Kiss A Girl though 
Yes!! 2 more hours and I'm off!!!! I better get more hours on the next schedule cuz I AM BROKE! 
Yes!!! @SOLESsobe I haven't been to bed yet either, getting picked up. I didn't get to say goodbye  But I'll be back soon! Send me pics!
Yes!!! Final 3d animation complete!! Now just rendering, sound, and editing to go   hah avecamore son!
yes, @booty and @bootyHOLE exist too.    makes me sad for mankind
Yes, babe! My city, Sao Paulo, will have World Cup! Wow... I will be 36 yo in 2014. I'm a little depressed right now... 
yes, blinking Â£1300 &amp; that was in the sale, the guy was not a haggler and didn't fancy tossing for it 
Yes, had a good experience with #Chicago water dept. today. Responded to bsmnt flood, ID'd the prob. Good guys might lose jobs nxt wk. 
yes, i still feel like jumping off a cliff into the ocean, but now i am worried about a friend. blah. oh and im also beyond sore today. 
yes, im bored  #iloathetilatequila
yes, im still here... i love twitter, wht can i do? 
Yes, I'm up at daft o'clock again. Still haven't been paid 
Yes, it does take half a can of bug spray to kill one roach...that thing was f'n huge!  1st one we've seen in months, though...not bad.
Yes, it means that we won't be able to tweet anymore  well we will when I get my phone back I guess? @SuzanneHeleneV
Yes, it was sad throughout it, but the beginning was super sad!  There are sooo many sad animated movies though.   @pilvlp
Yes, rory. You have a number one fan. Anyways, i have a major headache now 
Yes, sooner or later, we must all become responsible adults 
yes, that is how scared i am 
Yes, The Answer Was Cracker Barrel! Thank You All For Playing, Sorry, No Prizes   I Scored Two On The Peg Game Today...http://bit.ly/V5NgC
Yes, todays (tuesday) comic will be finished very late today. Sorry, it may be late enough to say just check back wednesday 
Yes, want to.... Can't have plans tonight.      Another time!  How R U?
yes, wrong but very satisfying. google chat is down  Going out to weed now. mwa xoxoxoxo
Yes, yes, YES!!! Still in New York and just received my pay check &amp; holiday pay! Too bad it's our last day 
Yes.  i was a feast fit for a mosquito.
yes. I should go to sleep.. Last and worst final tomorrow..  xx night!
Yes. It is 1:30 am, I am still awake, and I have a long day tomorrow... So much for a good nigh's sleep 
yes. untill next monday. but next fri im leaving to syd until the 6th of july   boohoo :'(
Yes...  @little_d1976 Okay Monday, no sit-ups today, lots to do! ;-)
Yes.... No rain 
yes-I made it. I can't @ you on my cell.  Folgers...pretty good.
Yess the sun is finally out  ! NOO i gotta go to work 
YESS! finally finished reading ch.6 of lord of the flies i'm gonna go answer study questions now 
YESS!! done with exams...but when is summer vacay gonna come? 
yess.. finally dark out.. and cool air.. today was steaming hot! ugh  i miss winter already 
Yesss but when someone gives me a ride! 
yesss just got home from school...these long days are killing me 
Yesss, Got My Download Limit Back, But i Have To Go To School Now, Fucking Hell 
Yessss, I am in first class, I am officially a B list celebrity, now if I can get that date with Angelina I'll be set, Brad left 
Yessss. Ha! Nahh I'm pretty sure its long gone 
YESSSSS DONE WITH BIOLOGY, now a giant painting to do 
Yesssss the chris brown case is over...and he pleaded guilty..lol for all u suckers tht thought he didnt do it..he has community service 
Yesssss!!! Finally a sunny day!!!! Theres this mini bong that i soooo want. Its got a defused downstem, perc, and icecatcher. no $ tho 
Yessssss!!! My Auntie DeAndre Just Walked In With &quot;Drugs&quot;... Cmon Lines! Its My Life. Missing My Bestie Tutts   
yessssss, no more spanish class anymore, classe de DEATH! (do los muertos) hehe, all thats left is history and chemistry finals tomorrow 
Yesterday - Leona Lewis &lt;3....i want to cry when i hear this song 
yesterday fun at koolina, today laundry up to my ears 
Yesterday I didn't get much done. I find not getting much done and feeling guilty about it makes me pull more  So need to stay busy!
Yesterday I found out I won an essay contest about my fav teacher. And I read it to the WHOLE school today! It was the last day 
yesterday i got hit at my pussy when on field and i was having my menses 
yesterday i had 20 followers and now 18  i think my tweets are a little bit disturbing.
Yesterday I had ants in my pants...for real!  Those suckers bite 
Yesterday I managed to spectacularly crack my elbow on a tube train handrail. Was so bad I saw stars, and today typing hurts 
Yesterday I mentioned I had not had safari 4 crash on me yet.  I forgot to knock on wood.  Just had crash no. 4 
yesterday i was feeling nirvana...now im feeling extreme melancholy 
yesterday i was free at school and he didn't come 
yesterday i was like &quot;yay vacations!!&quot; but no! i have school tomorro! 
Yesterday I was sitting on the very same couch, watching very same tv, only with dear hubby, eating ice cream. Miss him.. 
yesterday i watched crank 2 with my mom. oh man, i think that movie's really rude and nasty 
Yesterday I watched the #Terminator3 #movie. My conclusion: Part 2 is the best film. Can part IV compete with the former parts? No Arnie 
Yesterday I went to the city with Anna, I made my biometric photos, had some ice cream and then said goodbye to Anna 
yesterday i went to the movies to watch night at the museum  and i told a joke during the movie and one old lady laughed 
yesterday I'm  going to biblio for study!!! exams!!! 
Yesterday it was sunny and today its raining 
Yesterday my #iphone crashed during upgrd to 3.0.  Lost all music/vid/tv shows/bks.Still working on getting it back to preupgrade shape.  
Yesterday my neighbours'  dog almost mauled my bunny Lilly to death 
Yesterday my notebook suddenly just died on me  If I have to buy a new one, should I buy a Mac or Windows, and why?
yesterday night was fun, accept i missed the awards.  it's alright though, i'll survive . . . maybe.
Yesterday really wore me out, and I'm feeling it today. Poor feetsies 
yesterday reeked havoc on my hair - it turned into a giant frizzy monster 
Yesterday twitter was off here in Italy  Bot now it work. Yesterday i did very nice training: 4,5 hrs, 4 high climbs, 115 km (63 miles)...
yesterday was a bad day. found Bernie Mac died last year  where was i??
yesterday was a great race...finished 113 though...2 min away from perfect time and place  weather was super
Yesterday was amazing!! (:  Today i'm exhausted!!  
yesterday was difficult.  and I'm still watching Mr. and Mrs.  arrrrg
Yesterday was exciting. hah... But today wasn't 
Yesterday was fun!! But I passed out so FAST  hahaahha
Yesterday was gonna go to Antelope Canyon for photo op., but due to weather it got canceled. 
Yesterday was soo amazing! i loved the concert! i miss vfc now  lol. BIG thanks to TC for the golden ticket! im starting to loove you!
Yesterday was the last day of school! i went to my friend drew's house, then i went to erica's, and came home at 1:30am really sick 
Yesterday was the release day of STEREO's album Monogamy. But it wasn't in any store... MediaMarkt just say i'm on the wrong date! ASSES! 
Yesterday was very busy for us. Getting the deck and pool ready to live on/in! But I got woozy from too much sun and had to retreat. 
yesterday was waaaay too much fun! now my legs and arms are killing me 
yesterday was yet another wasted day - like I'm sure 2day will b 
Yesterday wasn't a great day..my best friend's parents met with an accident! I feel so freakin' bad for her! 
Yesterday would have been Tupac's 38th birthday... 
Yesterday woulda been gr8tr if HE was still around! It didn't make it any easier when ppl kept asking was he coming or did he call 
Yesterday! Market (Woot!), Art Fair ($$$), Greekfest (yawn), Mowing (hot), Party (fun). More sunburn. 
yesterday, i went to an end of the year beach party and it was amazing!...... now i have sunburn 
Yesterday, standing... Today, cruising! This is all happening too fast! 
yesterday: hit by a car! :O Result: bumps, bruizes, scratches all over my left side, a sore thumb and a sore, contused left foot 
Yesterday: went 2 6 flags, went 2 m.m, saw Up (so amazing but I was in front of THE MOST annoying laugh EVER.) slept, threw up.  sick=bleh
Yesterdays Maker Faire, Farmers Market and Mt. Tam Star Party/Lecture has me feeling tired. Going to Gilroy today, no chance to see UP 
yet @ another dr appt! birdie told me they are laying off in my dept                            next week 
yet again another saturday working on client work, got a great site I want to launch but cant 
yet again I find myself in the emergency room. wtf 
Yet again ive posted a broken URL http://bit.ly/5Oznk goes to http://bit.ly/5Oznk  which won't... sorry everyone 
yet again waiting in a movie queue. Tarryn is enjoying her view though... The joys of being tall 
Yet another day survived tha &quot;slave ship&quot;, back @ it 2morr tho 
yet another day to survive! have to study environmental science before exam at 4pm :/ why didn't i study before!! ughhh 
yet another glorious day...except im pretty hungover 
Yet another i-10 accident...and on date night of all nights 
Yet another late night with way too little sleep. 
yet another morning when i awake with hunger, and no food 
Yet another nice day and i'm stuck in the factory. 
yet another really bad day 
Yet another sleepless night turns into a sunny morning. 5 nights and counting 
Yet another soul destroying separation 
Yet another sunny day in Utrecht (to be spent indoors). The last day of the hackathon...  Time to test and release. #hac5
Yet another Tao Worship Thursday I'll be missin!  &amp; I get to spend my night reading the boys' drunk tweets. CIROC LA FAM, HOLD IT DOWN! ;)
Yet another test the children far to much pressure on kids testing now days where the whole learn through play gone 
yet another weekend has come an gone 
yet another wet day in the west of scotland! i got drenched going 4 the train  last day of college tho wow woo!!! xxx
Yet more homework to do!  There is NO way I'm gonna get it all finished.  
yey ! lolxs , imaa miss yew !  .
yey finally my teeth was pull out but it's gonna be hurt for three days 
Yey I am going to fort lauderdale at 5 pm coming back to Vero tomorrow  daughter is going to miss school
yey Lazy Sunday!.. woken up by Peters call, he wanted to hear my voice..awww I miss him  xx
Yey time to get high off paint fumes  
yey! .. my bff is here! i missed her soooo muchh!  daHS im going into sucks! ok not really but they didnt choose me for their musical 
yey! NO homeworks!!! but i feel nervous on our computer quiz.  i don't kno' if i still remember the answers in my question on computer hw!
YEY!!  Im working today !! All day 10AM-11 PM break from 3-5 if were not busy... come see me someone!!!  I miss my friends... 
yeyyy! after a search, so glad to know twitter's my safe haven from unscrupulous personalities (for now anyway, until get followed again) 
Yezz JOEYS DEAD WOOHOO (inny) listening 2 drizzyyy aka my hunny while waiting 4 the 22 bus p.s. I'm starvinggg  ......houstatlantavegas 
Yikes an Air France plane is missing  Not good news to wake up to
Yikes Metro! Not sure what time I'll be home 
YIKES! all of team rick is at the phils without me 
Yikes! Huge group of harley davidsons just roared past...sniff, i miss my biking days 
yikes! just balanced my check book. i am broke! 
Yikes! Managed to get the lawn mowed inbetween sniffles, sneezes and watery eyes... Yahh I'm allergic to grass 
yikes! went off the reservation when I clicked that link. Guess it was something I didn't need to know 
Yikes, got up at 6am, super-busy all day around the house, preparing dinner right now and guess what?!?! Gotta work 2nite from 10 til 6  
Yikes, Kajagoogoo are ageing worse than me...http://twitpic.com/556ih and that comeback tour consists of two dates  - one in my home town 
Yikes, new model of Goldtouch keyboard also has the Page Up and Page Down in a different place. Now it's on the mousing hand 
Yikes, supposed to bring couple of dishes to family event in Toronto - 3 hrs to shop &amp; cook. Haven't even figured out what I'm doing yet 
yikes, what is a browser?...   http://bit.ly/8Ge5X
Yikes.  The skies are looking like they might open up on us here.   With this crit course, that would be BAD. #mhcc
YIKESS! I had gym today for sport. It was tiring. and omg my legs are dead 
Yingyi is tired now 
Yipes. Washington DC news reports two Metro trains on the Red Line COLLIDED less than one hour ago. They've said SEVERE injuries! 
yipes... i'm pretty worried about these GIANT swollem lymphnodes in my neck 
YIPPEE! Happy coz I found a video player on my Palm! But my exams results don't look satisfying 
YIPPEEE!!! first sale of the day...after 3 hours 
Yippieee.....work is done for Monday at least... off 2 school 
Y'know when you start feeling really over-heated, suddenly, and your hands start shaking?  That's probably not a good thing. 
ym is not responding 
ym-ing with mama and papa. i missed them 
Yming:   was disapointed by taste and quantity last night - used 2 be better.  change of cook? #ukite http://bit.ly/Ftw9z
yo @KaNdEeBx CuM Lets Go........AsAp....i nEEd HeLp cOOkin All THiS Food n i AlSo Need A HUG.............    
Yo dats wack I just got out the shower I'm sittin on my bed naked wat next  niggas r crazzzyyyy!!! Lol..where's my plans son! Lol blahh!!
Yo dave, still play wow? haha i was trying to find you on the armory cause i read somewhere you have a rogue. No luck 
yo guys. feeling sad now.  don't know why but i'm so depressed. do you guys ever get those moments?
Yo I got a hellasious blister, I'm hobbeling around in pain. 
Yo it's to early and my lower back is KILLING me! 
Yo jus had Ruby Tuesday now watch'n a movie. Sad my grandma is leaving! 
yo ma bff iis too fukn funny when she drunk... lol home early.. sad he'z gotta work niights.. 
yo momma so stupid she got stabbed in a shout out. 
yo my bed looks like a freakin store right now just threw all my clothes on it...wish someone could help me hang them up 
Yo Stuart, welcome!!!!!, Been a while since I have been here, &quot;Good God&quot;, maybe I was busy 
yo tengo hambre.....dammmn....i'll go to bed though 
yo that bitch wit fire in her chest was sittin right behind me on the plane  yo im goin home and pouring alcohol all over myself. nyquil?
yo the #iranelection green photo app isn't working for me. i feel left out 
yo yo diggity yo tweets! i have a headache 
yo yo yo dudes im on my  moms cpu, but my parents took my keyboard soz i cant type  lol must do homework to get it back lol
Yo Yo Yo! Just got back from tennis camp, I hurt my ankle. 
yo yo yo. still on job hunt... too tired to think tho 
Yo! My glasses r falling apart! But I swear I'm holdin on to these Dolce &amp; Gabannas! What if they broke while I wa drvn lmbooo 
Yo! someone told me that they could buy a car with that $$  hahaha. So. I still want my Marie Antoinette.  she's rad!
YO!!! ALICIA KEYS LOST WAAAY TO MUCH WEIGHT! I USED TO THINK sHE WAS BEAUTIFUL HER FACE LOOKS KINDA QUESTIONABLE. I DONT LIKE IT 
yo, morninnnnn! didn't go to sleep until lateeeee  i can never sleep in in my room! fml
yo, wtf is up with the full &amp; lite view shit on myspace. i hate it 
yo. i am here.. i am buzy 
yoga events canceled today. http://www.unionsquarenyc.org/ Rain Rain go away... 
Yoga is done on Thursday and there will be no more until September  Goodbye sweet rock hard ass.
Yoga Tmr!  then marina barrage. But i'm broke this week  - http://tweet.sg
Yogging to clear m'mind- strange that it got fuzzy as soon as the weather cleared. 
Yogurtland time with the hutch and the V I C. Holla. ...I want coldstone instead 
yooo Im hungrier than a mothafukaaaaa omq! 
Yooo my twitter is acting up  hellpp!! How will I survive?
yooo why am i still up?!! work in the morning  i'm trying to tell myself, &quot;go to sleep ju&quot;.. but it just ai'nt workingg. new apartment 
yoooo, watching movies. i miss my ipod  i left it at allies. boo.
yooooooooo. study day today .. again  im so happy if its wednesday! never ever back to that school! ;D
yoouucchhhh an ant bit me!! 
Yorkshire Sculpture Park cancelled because of the rain!  going swimming at Sketchly Grange instead..!
Yorkshire what were you thinking? Or at least the tiny percentage that voted BNP and got them  a seat in Europe 
You @VIbeauty gave the island people a shout out but didn't include me 
you all REALLY suck :'( plus i give up ignoring @stripedhours, hi hannah 
You already know   I am so alone and stuff and I'm am writing you a note, not about this just a notep
You always miss a best friend. 
You always miss our events  @mariannerd
you always talk. yet it's never the same, is it? 
YOU AND ME were in this together now, and I wanted to let you know that I don't want to spend any more money 
You are in my thoughts @xhalt Great Uncle Len passed today. Funeral Monday. 
you are meant to tell me what happend 
You are my worst mistake.Words can't explain how much I regret ever meeting u,knowing u,and falling for u... 
You are of no use to me. 
You are really driving me crazy!! STOP IT 
YOU ARE SOOOO MEAN!!! 
You are??? O shadeeee xD now I'm going to have small chances to win;( oh well  @trackle
You Belong With Me is totally my song right now!! ...still can't find the music video 
you bet your sweet aspercream! 
you better believe im  scared  i dont know what to do
you better of with some one else.. 
you bff whore  (cutting myself now.....) lmao
you broke my heart in two 
You bunch of HS graduates on the street,don't be too happy. Your next chapter of life doesn't consist playing capsa, truff even cangkulan 
You called me a bitch 
You can be a sweet dream or beautiful nightmare... either way I DIDNT wanna wake up from you 
you can be the captain, I will draw the chart, sailing into destiny, closer to the heart.... 2 years to date  miss you uncle louie
you can hardly see it 
You can tell it's Friday afternoon... I need a coffee. And possibly some chocolate. 
You can upgrade early for the iPhone 3G S. But to upgrade 6 months early i need to be a platinum customer - spending over Â£70 a month 
You can't always be heading to a party 
you can't be serious..... I think I'm getting sick.... 
you cant buy an aquarium and a fish together!? what..? 
you can't follow yourself?  dayyummm.
you can't get a hang over if you never go to sleep 
you CANT say this doesnt makee you tear up    http://bit.ly/70HrO  listen to the words
you cant sing with a blocked nose 
you can't spell funeral without fun!  
You cough twice, and people ask if you've got swine flu. This gets really old after a while 
you couldnt have loved me better 
You DESTROYED that  girls heart for no reason 
you didn't care about me anymore,right? I knew it 
You didn't cross your fingers enough tweeple and now it's raining! Not a whole lotta fun to have footie party in pouring rain 
You didn't sell, you didn't sell and you didn't sell!  I'm gonna miss this intro 
You disappointed me 
you do something for an hour, look in your mailbox and it is full 
You do win!! Jeb is sad! 
you don't have to call me and break my heart. 
you don't kknow what you have untill you lose it   
you don't know how much i miss you. 
You don't know what the purpose should be 
you don't realize how much you depend on someone until they arent around. i miss my rock 
you don't respect me mom! what on earth did you do?? you don't love earth  
You don't see this like... EVER in Florida. http://yfrog.com/0u7bqcj they kept running away so I couldn't get a very good picture. 
you dont understand how bad i wanna be in new jersey right now 
You don't understand me at all, I really don't like you. 
You ever have those days where you feel like you = FAIL.  Yeah.  It's one of those days.  
You feel me too, @finalmidday. 
You fooled me! 
you forgot your fans too!  haha
You got Porto's??  Luckyyyyyy..
You got that confidence, sexiness, thickness that bomb play  And I like it all, yeah.    CAKE!
You got to love my hometown  http://bit.ly/EOp40
you gotta love the L.A traffic, theres 6 accidents on the freeway today, redic 
you guise. i feel like another capschat lol 
you guuuuuuys! i can't go to music practice  hmph wack
You guys all suck.  fml.
You guys are horrible. I can't eat any of that stuff 
you guys donÂ´t love me anymore 
You guys dont get too drunk without me 
you guys i could be seeing third eye blind rn   
you guys I totally bought these AWESOME FLARED JEANS AHHHH for like seven dollars and they were mismarked and turned out too small. 
You guys might hate me for saying this.. But I don't understand Rolando! 
You guys! Stay out of my dreams! They make me sad 
You guys. I wrote kelly a letter like a week n some ago. and I dont think shes seen it 
you had everything i regret giving up 
You had to punch a lever thing that fall back onto a sensor that measured the strength of your punch.  I could never beat Hayami 
you have become trapped in a scam @SkyEvermore  @AerithG7 , SLEEP! log out of Last Chaos already *glares* @tgo720 *grins* thanks!
You have GOT to be kidding me! Why can't I sleep?! I've been tossing and turning for hours  trying to decide if I should just get up...
you have no idea how much i miss you 
you have nooooo idea how bored i am. it's quite sad actually. what a waste of a day  but tonight should be fun with @pattycaketweet!
You have not suffered until youve been stuck in a car with intensely bad breath. 
you judge herself by your intentions while others judge you by your actions.. 
You just cant keep everyone happy!!!!! 
You just dont know it, its getting hard to say hello. Ipod just went dead 
You just haven't earned it yet baby played in Sweden last night - thanks for that Moz 
you knew that i liked you. why you asked me something like that?  you hurt me baby. really-
you kno its a recession when your high priced kicks cant sell for the Low low on ebay.... 
You kno whats hilarious? My stuff is already kinda packed... Will you guys PLEASE make the end of August come quicker? I dont like Nevada 
You know Brokeback Mountain was a stupid movie, because if it was about a guy and a girl, no one would give a shit about it..
You know funny thing about everyone packing for E3 is that I am packing to go to mexico... not E3 
you know how birds fly so fast and out of your way when you're driving? I think I just hit one, feathers flew into my my windshield 
You know how little kids sell lemonade outside their houses for 1 cent? I never had the opportunity to do something that fun. 
You know how, sometimes, you look forward to that one thing you've been wanting to do all day, and then it doesn't happen?  
you know i am getting so tired of being tired. i try sleeping &amp; it doesn't work.  &amp; now i have to get ready to work until 4...fml 
you know it's a REALLY bad day when even a transvestite sighting can't cheer Faith up 
You know it's bad when you litterally dread going to work. Can't wait till I never have to do this again. Ugggg... 
You know it's been a really hardworking day but there's no sign of brunette at Galileo...  &lt;snif&gt; &lt;snif&gt;
you know its cold in your office when you have to huddle over a cup of hot water for warmth 
You know it's going to be a long week when u wake up thinking it's Saturday 
You know it's going to be SuBo  Dammmnnn... Stavros Flatley Should win!!!
You know it's gonna be a bad day when you wake up with a headache 
you know its not the best of days at work when all you seem to wanna do is ram a half chewed biro into your eye socket. today is not good 
You know something's not right with the universe when I consider 11:30 'late.' I miss being a night owl. 
You know that key between the f and h? yeah mine doesnt work 
You know that show we did Friday? @Peppery is an idiot and long story short: there is no episode 3. Sorry. 
You know that sucky feeling you get when the ONE person you want to wish you a happy birthday DOESN'T? Yeah. Right here. 
You know things are bad when even John Shuttleworth's Yorkshire tea ads don't help 
You know thode days where you just hate everyone and everything? Yea I'm pretty sure I'm having one of those 
you know those &quot;devil&quot; projects you hate? the ones with 1 problem after another... a construction job at my house has become 1 of those 
you know those times when you feel like your so tired but cnt go to sleep lol thats how feel 
you know what day its gonna be when you start it by hitting your visapincode wrong 3 times 
You know what I forgot to do after reinstalling my operating system? Yeah, I forgot to install Skype. Closed show tonight. Sorry 
You know what i hate....when u miss 1 little note in the beggining of the song. The whole crowd got to boo n make u feel bad. 
You know what I realized? I no football buddies in DC! What gives?!?! 
you know what i said about burning my dinner? yeah i did, and burnt my arm with hot oil in the process 
you know what i think would be sad, to be joe jonas' hair, it was like so beautiful two years ago and now your a srs trainwreck 
you know what i want ... what am it going to do right now ... to be or not to be 
you know what kind of car I want? A late 60's model Mustang... they're gorgeous. Instead I'm stuck with an 05 stratus... 
you know what SoHo needs?  more shoe stores.  ugh only food I can find  are street carts and a Wendys 
You know what sounds amazing right now? A sausage butty. 
You know what sucks about these &quot;Shoot 5 iPhones&quot; games? They don't give you the iPhones you hit. 
You know what sucks? Finding out I have a burned out tail light when the stores are closed. Plus, they are not open before I work. 
You know what the best feeling in the world is?! Being lied to.. it's wonderful. Cause then you find out...and its so fun! 
you know what! ali i got in trouble on the way home.. 
you know what? i think that i actually hate Jane. Why would she do this to Kirstie, Keren AND Komarl? She's so annoying. Poor Komarl 
you know what's not rad? when you almost drop something, manage to catch it, and then accidentally drop it anyway 
You know when Alan Carr takes the piss of your love life live on radio 2 that things are bad! 
you know when you run out of websites to go to? and you're really trying to think of one you're forgetting?! and u realize theres none 
You know when your a triathlete anymore when you won't ride your bike in the rain 
You know when you're bored, but you can't  be arsed to do anything?  I'm irritable, have no energy AND a sore throat. Yeah Im gettin ill 
You know who I haven't talked to in awhile... @fakerpattz. This harem girl is feeling neglected. 
You know you have to be bored when there's nothing to tweet about.  I guess that's what happens when you work for Walmart... 
You know your bored and up to early when you stare at you ceiling fan packing today.  gonna take forever!!
You know your fat when your mum calls u fat 
You know you're a freelancer when...you bugger up your day job for your writing 
You know you're a saddo when you find yourself oogling new electric shavers in the Argos catalogue 
You know you're a twitter addict when ur twittering on a sat night instead of partying in the city!! Ugh what's wrong with me 
You know you're day is off to a bad start when you're sitting at your computer humming Leonard Cohen songs. My eyes are sleepy 
You know you're too old to party like a rockstar when....you realize no one else claps when they dance. It's just you 
you know you're working to late when you hear about the sun setting via twitter 
You know you've been in a foreign town too long/often when: you get asked for directions and are able to give them. 
you know, I always thought of myself as Allie but as I watch I realize like a stab in the heart I am Martha Shaw 
You know, I always thought Twitter would help me find my next boyfriend. Sadly, social media does not work that way! 
You know, I can't be the only one who's just a *little* sad that 3d Realms closed shop before #E3 happened. No DNF 'teasers' this year 
you know, i think time zones suck. at 1pm, everyone's a asleep and twitter will only get crowded at 3am! 
You know, it really sucks the fact that my friend, Tyler's laptop has viruses. I can't use it until it's fixed. 
you know, it's 5.17 am and today I have to study hard for an exam.I'll be dead all day.  pfff !
You know, it's my 16th birthday in 9 days... But I don't think anyone will remember 
You know.. I haven't been to a pani puri stall since ages..  
YOU KNOW... I DONT HATE JON.. I DONT HATE KATE, HOWEVER... I HATE THAT NASTY HORSE FACE SLUT BAG WHO JON IS ALL THE SUDDEN INTO 
You know... time was, you could look at a Web page's source code and figure out how it worked. Now it takes a lot more effort. 
you know? I Hate remedial and an unfair teacher, arrgh what should i do? 
you left us of your list  @friedbeef 11 Really Strange but Cool URL Shortening Tools http://bit.ly/IOFaz
you listen so close..you talk it to your dawgs but you never talked to me since forever  i blew up the world i built.
you love her. its sad. but its how you roll i guess 
You make it seem like im not a reason that your living... 
You may find that Baltimore City Paper's tweets are fewer &amp; fair between lately. I've been relieved of CP Twitter duty for the most part 
you may have won this battle but you have yet to win the war!!!!    lol
You might think were up by 10. Were really down by 90.  http://mypict.me/2R3M
You missed her party jacers 
You must be very pissed off at me.... 
You need to be rich to be poor  http://bit.ly/WpBni
you need to read this and bookmark that website. it is so hilarious i am still laughing. just wet my pants!!   kidding, but seriously!!!!l
you never no what your missing until its gone.  at dancee.
You only hear half of what I say bur here we go again  
You only love ashes i see how yous are 
you people make me sad  #unfollowfriday
you PROMISED not to leave me, right?? i hope you wouldn't break that promise.  
you realize how important something is to you when it is gone forever 
You really do love her 
You remind me of someone I used to know. So its like im losing the same person twice 
you ripped it again. 
you said you'll call. but you didn't... 
You saw WATW? I want to see it! Had it ordered on Amazon, or at least to notify when it was available.  Free Internet in hotel room! Yea!
You say you'll call, but I know you won't 
You say, &quot;Everything happens for a reason.&quot; but it seems like we are looking for a reason for everything that happens. 
You seem nice, I follow you, then you DM me about 16,000 followers...that's too bad. Just too bad 
you should know by now Ã© triste 
You should reply to me. 
you shouldn't have gone 
You sleep in Sunday morning, miss an Apple Store outage.  Anyone see changes? &amp; Happy Mother's Day from TUAW!
You still haven't written back.    Are you in church or something?  Or just sleeping?
you still trying? shes like 14,000 behind though now, theres no way she can win with cheats 
you stopped being a best fround?  
You suck. The lake house is weird. I dont get it. 
You take a shower, get coffee and it still hurts. I hate Sunday mornings............. 
You take too long to write back...!  
You think you know someone till they visit close to u and don't tell ya 
you used to be my neutral source. 
you wanna know what's worse... my coworker just brewed a fresh cup of coffee and all I can think about is bacon 
YOU were going in this morning. Women basher  @BelizeDaHype what time you stoppin' by my store?
you were just here, and I miss you already....  
You were my first crush and my first love and I know that we'll always be meant for each other but why are we not together now? 
You were right @Frances3000 and @Margarett1994, they had a baby on their next try! It's as ugly as the rest though. Five boys, all ugly. 
You were supposed to tell me &quot;Go to Assembly on April 22!&quot; 
You were there when the rain fell down, and when people laughed at me, just like a clown on the street...  
You were too young to die  .... Rest in Paradise
you were waiting to play third strike but you wouldnt when i handed you the controller 
You will be the death of me~ Quero True Blood 02x02 
You will never win if you never begin..... In my case I begin, I end and I never win 
you won't talk to me, ever, would you? 
you won't think we where after having some wonderfully hot weather. Dull and non-stop rain all day 
You would think if I continue to block someone, despite the fact they are under a new username each time, I DON'T want them following me! 
You would think my life would be more exciting now. Well it's not 
You would think that the next alternative would be good - but it's a George Foreman 
you wouldn't believe what I've just done with some maggots 
you@snapplynn Wish that would have been your tweet after you followed me. 
You`re in good hands now, Brother Ceci. We'll surely miss you 
You'd think the hilton deansgate would have better air con  hope its still sunny when I leave.
You'd think, when i finally end school, i'd be able to catch up on sleep. I haven't been able to sleep in  wah..
You'll always mean so much to me its hard to believe this. 
You'll either get this or you won't.  Monday I see an attorney about a divorce--because I just can't take the packrat's mess anymore.  
Young girl shot by #Basij her name was #neda , http://bit.ly/Oxn1J is video of her dying  #IranElection
Young sparrows, please note. Don't come indoors. 
Youngest gashed bottom of foot on glass in sand. Had to pick up other kids while @asjlsmama remained at urgent care. 
Your a star. Poor signal here too 
your a weirdooo. Hmm well that sucks he logged off 
your biggest mistake 
Your cameras and your amazing words, hanging out with you during dismissal and bringing you to your car and carrying your laptop for you. 
your eys stare and they're staring right through me,your right there but its like you never knew me...  those lyrics r pretty much my life
Your faith in me brings me to tears, even after all these years . And it pains me so much to tell...that you don't know me that well. 
Your gain my loss 
your house? its so far away 
your lifes great. mine you ask? not so hot. stepped on a lizard  but still my life aint your ray of sunshine.
your mean!!! 
your old character and then you forget that your not that old character anymore! That was a really long rant for &quot;I just lost the game.&quot; 
YOUR SO LUCKY ! KRISTEN  Luv ya nd Him too !!!!!
Your twitter is creepy. 
you're a grown-ass man w. a good job, whose elderly, retired, AND ill father pays for your credit card: stop stealing checks from him! 
you're all that matters to me and you're just gonna throw me away  well i hope you're fucking happy.
You're going to forget about me for frosties and Bella 
You're leaving us @teags ?  
You're like my first bad habit i can't live without it , haaha so fucking  true 
you're my summer in the middle of winter. I miss you my Donkey  I miss you so much :'(
you're nice &amp;everything but , i think it's time to forget it . i'm sorry . 
you're not able, not a bit, no at all 
You're not asleep 
You're not on.    I'll just message you first.  
you're scaring me @austin_irl i dont like this side of you  *whimpers in corner*k
You're the stupidest friend I ever had and we're only friends at the moment because I have no one else  Why god you don't help me?
you're the wrong one 
you're too quiet!!!!!!!!! @thirdbase7  hope you're having a good day so far!
you're trying too hard... and I care about you getting hurt  Million things I should say but I'll just sound too harsh!
Youth camp is over.    I hate that!
Youth guys night was fun...too bad it had to end 
youth is wasted on the young  tonight is a depressing night.
youtube doesn't work again 
youtube down for maintience  awwgh
YouTube is being an ass 
Youtube is crazy slow today. 
YouTube is doing maintenance again  I wanted to upload a new video, but I guess not today. http://www.Youtube.com/SparrowExpress
youtube is down   trying to upload a video- argh!!
YouTube is down for maintenance and will be back shortly! noooooooooooooooooooo!!!  keria ver al osito gominolaaa 
youtube is down for me 
youtube is down.. i feel like something is missing from my possession 
YouTube is still down  when will it be back up?
Youtube is still tripping!!!  see if yall can upload something?
youtube isn't working for me. 
youtube isnt working nowwww 
Youtube isn't working...and I wanted to watch Britains Got Talent.  I'm debating about having a pity party.
youtube seems to be down  this makes me very sad :C
youtube sucks tonight. internal server error 
Youtube won't let me know why Justin is a stalker/pervert  boo! Online hates me. I'll just go read a book then. Hrmpf!
YouTube won't load 
YouTube XL takes AGES to load 
YouTube, they don't wanna do The V's 
youtube, twitter, etc are really impressive right now. Wishing well for all those who need it in Iran right now 
Youtube's not working for me  and i don't know why  hopefully, it'll work tomorrow 
Youtubing MILEY CYRUS cause I haven't been watching much tv 
youube is acting up 
You've gone all quiet 
Yow from morning they have me loading this driver that don't work.....last option....haven't even eaten lunch as yet.... 
ysabet: footsies are cold  need socks.: ysabet's status on Wednesday, 17-Jun-09 03:47:31 UTC http://tinyurl.com/kvr5pu
Ysdbhjbvydkfjfdla that's how I feel from work today 
YTuber's watch [and if you can, comment] on Jess' new vid, please! Her work *never* gets enough views/comments! 
yu havent met ne1 that misses their bae til yu've met me!! because i really miss my bae.. 
yuck - early Saturdays 
Yuck 8 out of 10 Twats.  If you're looking for me, Twitter, I'm dancing to 101 Housework Songs until the #bb10 eviction is on. Taraaaahhh!
Yuck early times   And double yuck to mint julep mix!
Yuck i feel kinda sick to my stomach. 
Yuck I hate typos 
Yuck I have errands to run 
yuck school tomorrow why did the weekend go so fast 
Yuck! 430am pst, couldn't sleep &amp; ended up finishing report. Might as well go to the gym. NetApp's analyst event starts in 3 hours. 
yuck! now i fell sick  dam BKKingFish i wish i can quit u!!!
Yuck, burnt my eggies 
yuck, school.  im super tired.
Yuck, yuck, yuck. Hay fever. Yuck, yuck, yuck 
Yucky...Wotta pointless weekend 
Yuengling lights  they're  outta coronas lol
yuk 1am where did the time go up at 6:30am  i'm so tired night all
yuk i feel sick and am going to bed to lye down. 
yuk this rain 
Yuk!  It's a horribly wet , grey day outside  
Yuk!! These Pesky Allergies are making me miserable     They're awful 
yuk, most vile man just in 2 use out notice board. he was rude + slimey. 
Yum chocolate sorbet! She barely even shared  http://twitpic.com/67azl
Yum there smokies are delicious ! Gots to work out tonight  but got this awesome highlighting stuff for my hair ! Woot !
yum yum eating chocolate, visited ol dschool was very sad 
Yum yum Thai won me over last week with family guy on the big screen. Today it's a crap soapy on channel 9  could b bold &amp; ask 4 remote..
Yum, venison for dinner my favorite, *Cough Cough* 
yummy dinner  jess doesnt believe me i got a call from him  o well
Yummy dinner with the family. Now back to Edward.. Although I will admit the beers getting me pretty sleeeepy. 
yummy full welsh brekky now to do the washin up soo not fair 
Yummy honey pretzels:] not excited for grafton 
Yummy lunch now back to work, last day  don't want to leave and go back to reality, have loved it here x x x x
Yummy Mexican breakfast...good but unhealthy 
Yummy outside lunch at Alcove Cafe w/ J. Feel like a horrible mama b/c the bay hurt her fingernail from the new bike basket 
Yummy pizza for dinner. Top of mouth burnt now though 
yummy sushi place with the best. bummed to be leaving tomorrow  flying outta jfk is a bitch
Yummy! Lean Pocket Pizza is amazing! Got outta work late.    Pool tomorrow? Yes!
Yummy. Chocolate Rasberry Truffle coffee this morning. Enjoy the rest of your weekend friends. I think my son's game will be cancelled 
yummy.. just had sweet &amp; sour chicken, could do with a nice Chardonnay, however thats not advisable when facing a 12 hour shift 
Yun told mary to take me to get checked for swine flu 
Yup - it's a cold  ... Good ol' Canadian summer cold! Ugh
yup- another nice day- looks like rain is on its way 
Yup he's def asleep in my &quot;bed&quot; 
yup that pretty much covers it right now.... 
Yup, Always let down 
Yup, dis some bull doody. I don't feel rested @ all 
Yup, I definitely feel worse than yesterday. How am I supposed to get anything done today??? 
Yup, I'm sick. I wish I could just stay in bed for a couple of days. But no. I have to work. 
yup, period is coming. i'm thirsty as fuck. plus, my stomach grew about 3 sizes.  bloating here we come.
yup, worst week ever, just found a friend has stage 3 lymphoma and started chemo yesterday 
Yup. He was found in his hotel room in thailand hanging from a rope in his closet  [Â¤]
Yurgh. My code smells really badly today. Definitely need less shoehorns and more time 
yusuf's already asleep. I feel lonely now 
Yuyoun and I are having a good time shopping, sorry Taeyeon 
Yvette, I'm sorry I don't know how to deletew it 
z pulled hamstring today at practice   now he has to do treatment.
Zac Brown is in Virginia Beach and I'll be in NoVA 
zac deleted his twitter account..how sad.. 
Zach is moving  im so sad (
Zach just hurt julia's feelings. 
Zache32: hope the kid is ok 
Zachster hiding in the closet, I'm hanging close to him 
ZACK DOUCHEBAG GOT A HAIRCUT O: geez what am i gonna get to laugh at him for now?  paahaa
Zack gave up his first HR 
zack got a hurrcut  it better grow out by july 23rd &lt;3
Zack had a bad night last night, which meant little sleep for me  first time in a while, but it sucks cause actually had plans today
Zackie and I are unmatchable 
ZackyV yatim piatu? I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT 
Zaddies out of dog food and i feel bad 
Zahlbar38 is cancelled today. Sorry for all the hundreds of people who where looking forward to this awesome party 
Zapsal jsem se pÅ™ed chvÃ­lÃ­ na zÃ­tÅ™ejÅ¡Ã­ termÃ­n angliÄ?tiny a uÅ¾ to nejde Å¡krtnout 
zara's on sale starting today. sadly, here in bataan, stucked. bummer.  
Zbyszek's not coming back until 29 of June? so seriously, poor Derek has to be all alone with no way to translate and no one to live with 
Zen sushi for lunch today...looks like it's raining outside 
zend framework really fucks u... 
Zero 7 is on the playlist at this reception, feelin' nice and relaxed... It is DARK in here though. With a VERY high ceiling.... 
Zero confirmed celeb sightings today. This town is a bust. 
ZoÃ« is asleep  im all alone
Zoe wants to go out 
Zoe&amp;Zac- cute shoes...i only wish this little town had them 
zoes making us stay up til 7.30  lol. its already light outside!
zoey has chicken pox  so i will be home for the next 10 days
Zombie Stef will be handing out samples at the craft fair thing at the Manville VFW. Can't believe I'm up this early on a Saturday 
Zombieland Trailer will have to wait...   I'm off to see a couple rock bands... will tweet if anything interesting goes on.
zomg one of my favourite bands @collective_soul is playing right now down the road and i'm @WORK... haven't seen them since woodstock  FML
ZOMG watched Ghost hunting with McFly again! and I have realised how dopy I am  dang mind tricks 
zomg! decryption not following me  i feel saddened
zomg! I rlly can't don't know where my necklace is. It was green and still sealed. I love it, pleaaaaseee 
Zomg! My army of rubiks twitter bots never appeared! Looks like more rubiks words are called for 
ZOMG! NOT ON-AIR Time for Microbiology  and water! and THORN I WANT ICE CREAM
ZOMG, so tony romas isnt that bad, but i got a major headache because of forsing my eyes to look... bllehh gotta work with my glasses 
zomg. forgot to bring my coat  it throwing down. if anyone fancies bring me a coat, i finish at 4.30!! pleeeeaaaaassssseeeee.
ZOMG. Ihave to cancel her request. What a shame! The first request on the revived shoppe and I'm gonna cancel?!  I'm just so busy...
ZOMG. Was so busy at work today. So short staffed.  
zoned out 2 some dead Presidents while the world is on drakes dick. hip hop is truly dead 
'zonked' ... it's the first word for me 
zoo time. time for zoos. i hate walking. i think we walked 5000000000 miles. 
Zoobar w/K &amp; S was delish. Done studying. Watching the season finale of the hills. LC's last show 
zoombezi bay was soooo fun!! buuuut my legs are soooooo sunburnt 
Zumba was just mentioned on the Today Show ... I love Zumba!  Sad my back has been hurting so I haven't been able to go!  
Zycam makes my nose hokey-pokey 
Zzz, this bitch is putting me to sleep  Haha!
Zzz, tiredy 
Zzzz.. Bedtime! Work tm 9:30-3 ish ..  Then studying.. HAPPY FATHERS DAY.
Zzzzz....packing and cleaning all day. Pizza and glasses of red wine....now...paint the 4th room....ggrrrrr, don't want to, but I must. 
Zzzzzzz... Dead. 
zzzzzzz.......cant reply ppl via mobile phone! 
zzzzzzzz ; so bored 
zzzZZZZzzzz just 1 answer. Ok then I will buy Prada. Thank you all 
Zzzzzzzzzzz... Ima sleep for like another 3 hours,soon. I hope... 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz........ thats how boring tv is tonight, and we have the full sky package 
@whimsyandspice yikes!   what new camera did you get?
@whinstonr 
@WhippetOut I don't like!!!! 
@WhippetSnippets finished grad degree on South Island, but moved to North Island at beginning of May. Looking for job now. 
@WhipSmartBanky drinking alone an watching movies alone pathetic?  
@whirlygirly I've had tension headaches this week-I feel your pain 
@whisk I think the dryer at the apartment building is broken - I actually had to go to my parents and dry my laundry, right at 1 
@WhiskeyAndWine  &lt;3 people sucking again?
@WhiskeyOnSunday 
@WhiskeyOnSunday  That's unfortunate. Is the time zone bit in the first part or the second? Because that's hilarious.
@Whiskyxxx we need to talk DM me your Email opps you are not following mr 
@whisperinwater Yeah I hate it, it's the worst. This is my 5th time having it... 
@White69Devil footy is on, ram got one of his mates to play. I can't be bothered 
@Whiteboy712 He didn't realize that OMGPop autotweets for him, so in other words, yes. Damon is addicted and hates everyone now. 
@Whitefire13 omg..i am as red a sabastian off the little mermaid  it hurts
@whitehot ty  I am kind of nervous. I am in worst-case scenario mode, like I'm going to offend the judge and get sent to gitmo.
@whitenebula it takes my dog only about 9 days, and she is just one dog 
@WhiteRabbitPaw  sorry I couldn't talk last night 
@whiterobisdead 
@whiteroses98 I doubt i could get the money for a ticket or get the time off for it.  I wanna soooo bad
@whitespider1066 &quot;toys&quot;??? Advanced load carrying system. Low-cost 1-man outdoor shelter. I didn't get the Wolverine glove 
@whitespider1066 @kelliesimpson  car not ready yet, charged Â£35 4 99p transaction, childbenefit all used on bank charges so BROKE etc etc 
@whitespider1066 hope you can work it out somehow 
@whitespider1066 yeah, its really temperamental 
@whitevanman69 I've forgotten what a Sunday roast tastes like! 
@whitewytch ya sure youbetcha ;-) I was a little upset when I looked down and realized I'd eaten all but the ginger  ah well...
@whiteystrife oh shit shit shit shit shit no i didnt 
@whiteyyyyy23 i wish xbox was up 
@Whitnass lol I'm still a undergraduate  but i'll take all of what you suggested into consideration! WAVVVVVVVVYYYYYYY
@Whitner wish y'all were here. 
@whitney8612 hey wit sorry bout ur lost love 
@whitneyalex Yeah and today. And I was operating the cafe by myself b/c apparently i'm the only reliable damn person there. 
@whitneyblair030 @CourtneyCamilla will never let  my Louis bag episode die! Was buying some knockoffs for my aunts and had to wear one. 
@WhitneyDav can't sleep so i am twittering haha! fosters sounds great but i won't be here wed.  tues??
@WhitneyEVE lovely family you've got there! I will probably reflect on memories of my dad.. since he passed away so many years ago 
@whitneyhess wowâ€¦ they need to get help  thats not good 
@whitneystone About the tick: Wow, that sucks. About the pool: shame you're like 45 minutes away. It makes me sad. 
@whitneywhite87 probably dallas later in the year but right now only those two. 
@whitneywinter I lost a bunch of cash somehow last night  i didnt get out till 115 last night so thats why i never called. did u have fun?
@whitnva123 OMG i'll be waiting for the details 
@whittakerwoman It always the way with kids, you look forward to a bit of space, but you miss them. Mine are both away for Fathers' Day! 
@whitty876 I kNoW uR nOt cAllinG mE a StRanGeR! wHeRe Da hEll hAvE u BeEn? lOl I miSs ParTyinG w/ U GuyS! yU dAsH mi WeH! 
@whizkid72 Spammers 
@WhnHrtsCollide remember I tried out for the dance team and didn't make it  if tina could see me now.. LOL
@who_ohw what's the occasion? why they left so early? i also wanna leave... 
@WhoaChasity me too! and ive been trying to go to sleep since like midnight  and its 3:17 am now argh!!
@whoaitsemily I wonder what happened 
@whoaitsnicolee yepp (: can't wait for her WHOLE album in a month. LONGGGG wait! 
@whoak i'm the color grey 
@WhoaKeeley ughh i wish i could watch worlds today  stupid workkkkk. and i wish i was gonna be there 6 days from not tooo.
@WHOAKEN how come? 
@whoanahi Yeah I think I'm gonna do that =D (actually I'm sure of it)!!! But I gotta wait for a long long time until Nov 13th... 
@whoareyouoohooh that dish looks so delicious! Wish i could reach through the computer and eat it 
@WhoButChris i really dont know  miss you guys though.
@WhoButStretch  you aint invite me
@whoelsecanitbe yikes.  at not seeing lebron anymore. he is amazing.
@WhoeverIMayBe yeah, its been gray here for a couple of days, with no end in sight 
@whoeversheiss  @___________________@ 
@whoisally wah 
@whoisdjspecialk I gotta work tomoz... Wak!!! So im not doing anything 
@WhoIsdP TO WORK AND TO MOVE MY ISH.... no partying for stylez 
@whoisjaewood your crush is no longer a secret 
@whoisSarahWood SO SAD  ...
@WhoIsSaraLeigh yea I haven't done ANYthing all day . Bad day ... And it was HOT as hell  blah ...He'll live ....
@whoissuresh Sat prayers for Farrah Fawcett she is in critical condition in hospital w/ family at her bedside &amp; was given her last rites 
@whoissuresh Where are my tacquitos?!? 
@whoisthetruth yo we breakin up....cuz u not showin me any love...im not happy 
@wholesick I didn't go  majorly annoyed. It was my housemate's last night so I had to stick in Lincoln, met Bradley from S Club! Haha.
@wholio4life I did!!!! The lady made my coffee wrong. She didn't let me see the espresso on top of the milk. She mixed it. 
@whoners lolz, im about to do the same thing. such a boring sunday 
@whong09 twisted ankle  I'm down for nations some other time tho
@whoompah Awwwwwe 
@whoopthis  i'm bummed about the rugrats too. hey arnold was pretty legit too.
@whoopthis Sorry about that man, but that's how people are sometimes 
@WhootyGirls it's 96 in bham with no pool  sooo sad this whooty needs a pool asap!
@whore_hay Aww, those were nice clues too.  
@whoshang no problem 
@WhosHere - New update has much improved stability, but 'New' users still broken &amp; empty 
@WhosROBMAN jus wakin up tired and sick..lol. my throat hurtsss 
@whothefeck you had it now then too still raining here 
@WhoTheTweet it is down for me at the moment 
@whotook still can't do it 
@whovian99 Hurts today for the first time in a couple of weeks.  If it's not better I'll have to go back to the Drs on Monday. 
@whovian99 I am sorry the baby is sick.  Hope she feels better give her lots of love.
@whovianluv ... like that.  And what bravery for her to keep on keeping on in spite of everything. I hate going thru old stuff 
@whowatcheswho I'm in what hell on earth would be like lol I'm literally dripping of sweat  got the gaga on tho so not all is lost
@whowill  good luck! hope you do well... xxx
@whowill Yeah! Gotta ring Jen and Graham some time and sort out where we're staying. Oh God I'm gonna have braces 
@whoyamomma - my little sisters bday party was today too. 
@whtfrknvr I want to say the same but I have quiz in ACC on Monday 
@whtuuptodana haha yesss  don't role your jeans up AFTER putting your suncream on...
@Whtwzrd I couldn't watch it all .. too aggravating 
@whu u shoulda  heres 1 to start off the morn.. http://blip.fm/~6992e Oh and I dont know whose turn it is but Incoming in  5..4..3..2..1..
@whu Yum! Dont think i got any left! 
@whutupb I didn't make it 
@whyannie I dunno what happened, but don't leave 
@whyinthehell If I may butt in again.  I'm done being nosey.  sorry your conversation was just so interesting!
@whyinthehell just where the fuck have you been?? 
@whyinthehell yeah, makes treating stuff a little more difficult.  i hate being bipolar.
@whyitsjeff No dice, that's when rehearsal starts for me.  I think I'm going to go find a corner to cry in...
@whykay It's lashing down here. 
@whymommy so glad your hospital has wifi so we can hear from you!  When I was in having Babess, not even allowed a cellphone 
@WhySo_Serious &gt;_&lt; What was it about, if you dont mind me asking? And dont let it get to you &lt;3 
@whysogreen i waved but he didn't see me (??) 
@whysogreen to watch world cup games? yep as per ususal UK viewing times  we are in the final too so i am happy 
@whysogreen yea we go through gear like mad! no way could you try to replicate an ovie goal on our rink  i have tried 
@wibutee  
@Wiccan_Willow ..it would grow back (fast) til next spring. sadly We lost Him to a Snake bite last summer..I Miss You Spike,My Big Boy!. 
@Wiccawise21   We're idiots.  Ok mostly I was skint but hell I could've done something......
@wicco Stop doing what? 
@wicho @frauenfelder Oh no! It's out of stock right now. 
@wicked12 put my tix on ebay 2nite, hope someone buys them! can't afford 2 sets  seats r getting closer, found row k 2nite, i have Q
@WickedBitch damn I missed you! 
@Wickedboy_007 edge only. And apparently no push notification 
@Wickedboy_007 he owns every single mac in every line up. He's just bored and wants to make a hackintosh. Isn't that nice? 
@Wickedboy_007 the store near Millenia had their inventory today so I, along with fellow employees from my home club, were sent to help 
@wickedcanadagal lol I know, wtf can I take?  I can't take ambien anymore either! 
@WickedCoolDeals thanks!...I don't know how to do that followfriday stuff.  Maybe I'm too old 
@wickeddiaz  But your day is over, sleep soon...almost there...
@wickeddisney  what about me? 
@wickeddiva It's still sunny up here. 
@wickeddiva We volunteer for an exotic animal rescue. I let the hedgie climb up my sleeve, she got stuck and panicked. 
@wickedground    I got like ALLLLLL excited.    I am hoping gareth will be at comic con.  That will be worthwhile.
@wickedground people need to repost 
@wickedjaci And now I have to go to work...  Hope your morning pans out better! 
@wickedjaci I don't want the big forehead coming to see me. My eyes will die 
@wickedlibrarian I was looking at Kindles after your blog but we can't get them in the UK yet 
@wickedmickey my puter!  she is sick, trying to get rid of the bug she caught
@Wickedness77 hehe awesome!!!! I love coffee. I'm sorry you are having allergies I can't stand it when I have them. I'm having chest pain 
@wickedskeletons oh fucking cb hope you find it 
@wickedtrue Boo no work.   in unrelated news can you get your highly-paid roommate to contact me?  I sent an email last week, no response.
@wicklekell me too the season was soo much fun!! no semi finals anymore...aww  xxxxx
@wickyfox  it's not my style, sth can be done easily and all the works will be perfect if they r not so stupid...
@widdkid i wanna visit 
@wide_receiver how depressing! Thanks for that! 
@wide_receiver No, not well tbf. I didn't sleep till 4.30am and only just woken now 
@wide_receiver nope as no one ever follows me from them 
@wideawakewesley glory glory man u? I miss Ronaldo now 
@wideeyedbrowns don't cry, now I feel bad 
@wideeyedbrowns OMFG is this for REAL! WTF!  I am in shock! Poor Bob, I have no words! :'(
@widgetoc I try, but she always turns it around.  *hug*
@Widgett Oh. Well. I'm a douche then.  Sorry. 
@Widgetty wow!  I would LOVE for there to be somehwere here that only charged 12.50 for a session like that   we do have places in the us
@widowspider   My boss sent me home yesterday.  Fever today.  Take care of yourself!
@wiennat yes, i know  #barcampbkk3
@Wiens111 yeah he has, after HS he was dating someone up in WA and they just recently broke up  sad sad. Now he's living at home.
@wifone I hate when you tweet in Dutch because I always end up reading at least half of it before I realize.  
@wigginz09 witout me? 
@wigglytooth286 I didn't like that movie 
@wigglytype I wish I had some pizza. 
@Wighty11 lol I wish won't be going anywhere this year 
@Wignorant miss you more! i was just thinking about you today 
@WiiDS Picked up Boom Blox 2 today, got too many games to finish first though 
@Wiiloveit: You send tweets way too fast for me 
@wiipalsfan Good night, I just missed you  @LooneyBinJIm JIIIIMMMMMMMMY
@wikisignpost I've never seen Wikipedia in G News listings...something brand new? Not surprised, they've begun listing blogs in News.  
@Wil_Anderson WTF? Brilliant pictures, of you and everyone else. Shame art is so subjective sometimes 
@wilbrown at least you have a plot to lose ! 
@wilby118 They're currently the 'schools property' but we'll be adopting them at the end of the year! Angelina kept trying to get to me. 
@WildAngelJoy i'm feeling really bad  so i'm gonna have to lay back down which i hate to do cuz i hate missing out!
@WildAngelJoy You got creepy stalkers!? Sorry to hear that  I don't have any, thank goodness. Hope I never do.
@wildarmsheero probably wouldn't hurt, naisho is all but dead now 
@wildasaur baww that sucks bb  I know how you feel. &lt;3
@wildbill7 Know how you feel - I haven't been on totalMINI for3 days now - longest since it got up and running in April  Hang in there...
@Wildboutbirds Ninja am I hehehe Stealth and quickness i possess! Slow down snail I can't catch you 
@wildcurl788 So did you break the news to the fam yet?? I need to go shopping for NY clothes soon. Wish we could shop together. 
@wildcurl788 sugarland NEEDS to have their own tour. stay makes me cry everytime 
@wildfire198 - oh balls!  tbh i'm seeing how the last lot of painkillers affects me b4 I leave the flat so it's still not a def 
@wildfire198 Oh i wish i could do that! I really want to spend the day taking photos 
@wildfire198 that would be sweet! U only there today? Cause I'm stuck here gotta get a suit fitted and I'm car less today too 
@wildfirefitness girl I need to have a dinner party! lots of healthy food,I gonna do it before we have to leave pdx  ur invited!4sho!
@Wildfirefitness My core is sore!!!!!    I will send you details in a BB IM.    Program &quot;Get Fine In 2009&quot; Is in Full Effect! WOOT WOOT!!
@WildFlowerRu Can't DM you because you are not following me  . But yes, it was VERY tasty :$ .
@WildFlowerSweet I know  I tried a different one, but I guess it's a twitter problem 
@WildFlowerSweet Really? I have all the seasons on DVD!!! WOW!!! Anyway, about that lizard...I didn't kill it. It got away. 
@WildIrishRover I know the one. Between RPI and Hoosick. I'm very sorry to hear that you're losing such a big childhood landmark 
@wildisthewind I'M SORRY, I didn't mean it that way...   
@wildisthewind Not a fan of the handgun though.  
@wildisthewind Oh geez, now you're gonna sell it. You must hate me. 
@WildlifePhotog K-mount. The only film camera that wasn't stolen when my flat was burgled.   Can't decide which moody I am right now.
@wildobs Aww, I am so sorry.  I can't imagine Otto didn't know he was loved.
@wildpanda damn ... My friend is in that one to. I missed it 
@WildPaw I'm not a happy bunny tonight.... I am a person..... but apparently not a picture 
@WildPaw Morning  on BGT this guy was doing a handstand push up while doing an inverse sword swallowing trick and he seemed to slip 
@wildpeeta hey bu karshas need a day too 
@WildSoul - That is ridiculous and sad. 
@WildSoul - Well I guess under the circumstances people would be willing to try anything. 
@Wileyliza  that is sad...its prolly cause you are all grown up and graduated now!
@wilf1369 lol true. Marv's having he's operation today.  I'm so worried. I love him more than anything. Poor little dude.
@wilfordtibbetts no!  I'm out. But not happy 
@WilhelmK Aww bb. Next time don't let him skip the preparation part. 
@WilhelmK You already followed and unfollowed me once. I don't feel loved at all.  Maybe I should go add Tom....
@wilkinslaura Yep. Only a few left, then everyone disappears at the same time 
@will_x3 ou seja, Skype com a Nani = sono. 
@Will3119 nice! I knew youd come to your senses! But you need a full body armour to come with us to our red planet! 
@willadam ... shame 
@WILLakaVC there's overcast today  but its usually nice..no humidity. I'm from FL. I been wanting to go to ATL! U in LA much?
@WillBates r u serious  - i feel cheated lol
@WillBates yeah lol  we go thru this every day unfortunately ....
@willboywonder man WHAT YOU SAY, CRAZY TIMES 
@willcarling Another try by the blues again, not good!!!!, gloucester have no chance now 
@willcarling at work today, will you be tweeting scores? Work block R5live   #Rugby #Lions
@willcarling if you decide not to go my daughter would love to go - wonder why I never get surprise invites 
@willconley777 Wolverine = Worst Comic Book Movie Ever.  Greater Fail than Catwoman (at least Halle Berry is hot). So sad, too bad. 
@willdonovan @angusbooker Yup - appears to be a combo of turbulance, lightning and a massive electrical failure 
@willemjc mine was ok, worked. i miss you too 
@WillemPenn can't make it.  I have a reversal dinner for a wedding I'm in on Friday. 
@willflowers awh you killed the roach 
@willhowells Unfortunately, I bare scars 
@willhud it is indeed sir. Instead of hanging out in front of the 56&quot; plasma watching HIMYM, I'm home and she's working  
@WillHughes Nope...only shows Tweets with the term in it...not the most common hash-tags 
@william_control I hope it gets better soon 
@williambowerman yeah you guys were good  I really shouldn't have gone out, work was especially hard 
@williamchadwick Oh dear  Hopefully the total wipe and re-start will help but  doubt it as these toshibits have been extremly unreliable.
@williamcheung88 i keep dying around rd60ish also on 2nd map 
@williamcheung88 Lethal weapon was closed!  ftl!
@williammm girl but in n out is so greeeeeeezy 
@WilliamOrbit Hi William,nope-it was stated on Springwatch last wk that the pollutants are diluting the fragrance. So sad but true...  
@WilliamOrbit I haven't win?! NÃ˜Ã˜Ã˜Ã˜Ã˜Ã˜Ã˜Ã˜Ã˜Ã˜Ã˜Ã˜!  deeply depressing 
@williamp0044 aww I wanted to go too  notify ur friends next time!!! How was it?
@williamp00ss @R1Aquarius it's deinitely pouring in bk!! 
@williamrast yes, i think so... twitter will be down for one hour for maintenance.. 
@williams1 the maldives are a very hard place to leave 
@williams1977:  Go Eggles?  
@williamsandrew that looks frackin' sweet. didn't you just get yours though? 
@WilliamSledd Aww.  I send you a virtual hug. &lt;3
@WilliamSledd i feel you 
@williamsonam Thinking about In'N'Out Burger makes me cry. Don't think it'll ever B in TN. The family doesn't have plans to ever expand 
@williamtprice  I'm glad it was amazing though
@williamtprice don't remind me kind sir 
@Willie_Day26  I want to see you guys really bad tonight, I haven't had the pleasure of seeing ya'll perform live yet 
@Willie_Day26  in regards to the fish.. i bought some a while ago.. set up the tank.. went to the movies came back, belly up they went 
@Willie_Day26  we should tweet them to death so u guys can perform right?! Lol but u guys r performin on the red carpet?
@Willie_Day26 Arrrghhh! I keep getting an error every time I try to look at the clip you posted 
@Willie_Day26 aw, show is bringin back sad memories  ...im sad lol
@Willie_Day26 Aww...man I wanted y'all to perform 
@Willie_Day26 I missed yall  y did yall go first smh
@Willie_Day26 i wish i was  come in Champaign!! it's only 2 hours away
@Willie_Day26 make sure ur perfromance goes well...even thought i aint gona b there 
@Willie_Day26 mind theirs no convincing to keep fighting 
@Willie_Day26 Tell R.Kelly To Stop Ignoring You Like That! 
@Willie_Day26 this saturday And i'm not going 
@WillieGomez I wanna be there 
@willieljackson oh no you too!! i really liked T.K. 
@WilliePA i`m not in da A rite now  mite b like july wen i come back
@WilliePA sorry about the doggy  R.I.P.
@williger That looks like so much fun! Wish I could be there! I'll be stuck in class. 
@williger The sad thing is that I find myself blocking more people per day than I befriend.  
@willisface you know you want to come keep me company whilst mum's at her friends for the night  it's such a nice evening!
@WilliWow 
@Willjr92 yeeesss!! i want new music 
@WillKelley your niece just turned 15? Damn Im getting old as shit   Yes play that song on repeat!! no babies pls. lol
@willneal yea, 
@willnix WTF - that sux.     Was it @metro?  Seriously, sorry.
@willoemusic LOL I know the feeling when ppl let u down 
@willomatic I know, I am weak  but it's okay, I only drink with you guys.
@Willonious I'm bummed that willsongs are blocked at my work cuz they are internet radio   I guess I need to do some digging to listen.
@WillowRaine I want to do that but I don't have another copy of my pic. 
@willreinhardt Feeling your pain- I had that battle this morning. Still stuck on an ie6 issue 
@wills_ Nite dude. Sorry I missed you online  Talk to you tomorrow. Hope u have a good one!
@willsm23 - Hey hun, what ya doin now? My tummy hurts, I guess anxiety from making sure my renewals get done 
@willsmith next iPhone coming out in a lil over a month and you buy a blackberry?! I didn't expect this level of fail from you 
@willtompsett No Mug 
@willtompsett we will miss you too 
@willtothe next time u call me at least say nice.. not bitchin me out 
@Willtothe no...i'm just tired.. 
@willvv extraÃ±o tanto tanto tanto Taco Bell 
@willwade bah, @holidaybot is RUBBISH! About once a month I think it's reprocessing all it's old replies again. Can't remember why 
@willwont Awwwwwwwwww 
@willwork4food no matter how I try to turn it on, blue screen. I tried to reboot it with the windows CD, nothing. 
@willwrite4food awwww they did. That makes me soooo sadness. 
@willyanthony me n my bf sure did complain about the plot  we like terminator 2 better. But #terminatorsalvation was ok. I gave it an 8/10
@willyanthony not that easy willyboy . . . I still love him thou . . . love is ALMOST blind . . . 
@WillyB Indeed! You'd think they'd provide a &quot;I used to work for AT&amp;T so you get special treatment&quot; phone queue. No such luck! 
@WillyDope twin 
@WILLYloves311 I need ur ash tray! Don't have one!  but i'm sending that roach over there! ;)
@WillyNorthpole I wish I was there 
@WillyNorthpole, i dont know, give me gangsta boo   
@willyong both sides actually 
@WillyRoo ah whats new top score??? i only done 500 words too but better than nothing 
@willysantos can you dm me your e-mail so i can properly introduce myself?  i can't send you a dm bc you aren't following me 
@willzilla1978 http://twitpic.com/7tawt - A little part of me has just died inside. 
@Wilma_woo I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@WILMATTLEE are they? im sure the fans will be disappointed 
@wilshipley amen! And if your wieless connection sucks like mine does it's even worse! I miss Verizon FIOS 
@wilstobbart I'm still at work 
@Wiltedrose23 he came in today and I wasn't there!! 
@WiltingSoul And no one told me about it. Wow, I feel special   ((tornado))
@wilw Dude! He's not makin with the pics fast enough! 
@wilw Hahaha- I have that problem sometimes, too.  Not fun.  
@wilw I just got a kindle, and now you're making me feel like I'm going to close all the bookstores 
@wilw I miss when the Simpsons was funny and worth watching. 
@wilw It is a sad commentary is it not?  
@wilw It's the internet unfortunately, half the time people are either dicks to you, or are trying to spam about worthless crap. 
@wilw Where's Chris??? 
@WilyOdysseus  sorry about your friend that passed 
@Wimbledon come on guys, more tweets and news on the english hopes, you're severely lacking them (and now we've lost most  )
@wimbledon My manners are appalling.  Thank you for the reply, am considering options for relocating to the UK now... 
@Wimbledon Why isn't Wimbledon radio on? 
@wimpykidhello hey Victoria Levin it Alexi reply me bck and follow me plz  (PS it real alexi!)
@winceylj21 FUCK YOU! the sd card is being a bitch for some reason 
@Winchester_Anon Still. Why all the cheating? It makes me sad 
@winchestersam Just Waiting, For Someone I can Talk to.....I Am Really Upset Today, Not the Best Day Ever Huh?.... 
@WindoftheStars Oh wow!  Are you alright sweets?
@windovrthewater  Oh noes! I hope you feel better.
@window argh. had I known something was going on today, I might've stayed longer. crashed hard yesterday eve &amp; didn't make it to party 
@WindowsAzure When will load balancing on the .NET Service Bus be available? I can't run more than one WebRole now 
@windowsmobile Facebook app is in dire need of an update to bring it in line with new fb features. Things just don't work properly now 
@windsorr How did you manage to scrape your shin?  Hope you heal and feel better soon!
@windycove Â¤I'm a very 'detail oriented' person~not many things slip past me  LOL!!Ed was in my TOP 3 so I am SERIOUSLY bummed out!!! 
@windyfauziah say hi ti nicolee when your at a PCD concert  hiks
@windyplops poor monkey 
@winebratsf Sorry.  It's kind of out of my price range. But have fun!
@winebybrad No we had right amount of wine. None left 4 us! 
@winecast Winning 15% of face-offs is pretty much a one-way ticket to getting swept by the Wings 
@wineconscience boooooo 
@wineconscience We were expecting a trip report. 
@winecountrydog yes 
@winecountrydog yes, they went walkies right outa my head and didn't stay on the leash. 
@winedinetv Wow - I'm jealous. We need to go buy a ton of lemons today for a big event. Wish it was for pie 
@WineDog I've got 55 minutes before they open.  Fucking weekend hours.
@WineExpo  no 
@winetonite hahaha  No, but I would love to.  I used to bike, but I have not picked it up since I moved up here.    You?
@WineWonkette I coughed up the fin at socialtoo  But there I don;t want to write the script, so 5 bucks is a bargain.
@wingedfishbone ayy bb for serious? BAKA MABASA UNG SHOES KO  hahaha okok still contemplating haha.
@wingedpig Like, restart the phone? Didn't work. 
@winggirl oh, honey. 
@winglmui @emmilyon Can't be both! Not this time.  As for Earthbound, I haven't played it, but I know of it!
@wings_butterfly  
@WinInTheEnd yes..i wanna stop thinkin about it but i cant 
@wink42170 nope 
@winkler11 Dammit! I'll be in Canada next week. 
@winknudge too bad im no longer first 
@winkphotography great to finally meet you last night! Wish we had more time to talk. Can't go to the coffee GTGs, though... Day job.  
@winkysmileyface 
@winneviola true that! i never know what to do during the off season 
@winniedepoohi @PrettyPrats Animals are Men! Men are Animals!!!  (I loved these words of mine, but really sad to use this phrase here) :'(
@winniedepoohi chuck it. I've lost track 
@winniemzembe  ahhh...wish i cud relax like u..unfortunately that is not to be... 
@Winniex awww thats good that you guys goin america lucky cows i miss miami  im still wishing my parents give in an let me go in august
@winningedge Teresa...   Of COURSE I won't laugh at you! Hey, I'm behind you (for support) all the way!
@winnits But still 
@winoona Thanks! Too bad I'm not a Globe subscriber.  Guess I'll just have to use the Internet. Haha. Thanks again! 
@winsomewords umm... close safari and open it again perhaps? 
@winstano I agree. It'll be my first Father's Day without my Dad 
@winstano Stop reminding me of what could have been! 
@winstano the new psp looks horrrrriiiiid 
@Winstonita HI Yes we're fine thanks bit of a washout today  you enjoy your hols ?
@winstonszen Have you blogged about it? I was mobile when you tweeted it before, I'm not sure I'll be around... 
@wintafresh I want to get my dad something special.. but I don't have any money, so he will have to have something basic again 
@wintafresh I wanted to send my mom and dad to orlando, but can't afford it 
@winterbound Uhhhhh it was me  I sorry
@Winterheart Ah, can't really help there as I only have the 1 Twitter account - sorry 
@wintersleep Have a great show tonight. I really wish that I could be there. 
@wintrygrave  Sadly, I'm not too surprised.
@wipemedownn i miss you mama 
@wiphey  Heart Burn?   I thought you said yes to the symptoms tweet I forgot I asked you if you were ok first lol smh.
@wirbelwind1111 Bwah I'm sorry  Will you go again?
@wired that is so sad 
@wiredjazz Yeah sorry I couldn't  hope you got some good shots xx
@wiredonritalin I wish I could but there is no way I can take it with me  It must stay with the condo. The new peeps will love it though.
@wirldwyde Jammy, we used to be cool. BTW, I can't find my bear!!!! 
@wirldwyde That's pretty hurtful Fabe. 
@WiRuS I have no laptop at all 
@wiryawanivan think no sleep good yester-nite so now head many many pain na kaa.... 
@WisamAbdulla haha I have the crazy 393 midterm that day in the evening. Pretty sure I am supposed to be sober 
@wiseleo hey I think I'm pretty interesting sometimes...well at least I try.. but my twitesteem just went down the drain via @Twitalyzer 
@wiseleo I tried out in LA in February. Too bad the next LA ones are right after my finals. 
@wisequark tell me about it... so many times I've been like &quot;I could do this on the flight&quot;, then I realise I have a 17&quot; MBP 
@wisequark well at least your credit isnt wrecked from a friend who ruined it with a cellphone bill 
@wisequark Years ago I thought the same about &quot;Beauty and the Beast.&quot; But I doubt that ever happens. Too much at stake. 
@wisequark you *must* cook for us one day 
@wisequeen time to get that new MacBook pro! Sorry to hear about your pc 
@wishdreamhope  its ok 
@wishdreamhope i can't find iiiiiiiiiiiiit   but it's for raising the bar show, if i ever find it, i'll send it to you right away...
@WishfulBlinking Sory to hear about Ariel  (((hug))) good luck to Derek - poor lad!
@WishGal You're my only connect.......I've reached out.....no tweets yet.  
@wishicouldwait_ ooooh noooo  im very sorry aboot your teeth. but surely knowing your boobs dont look like hers makes it all better, right
@wishinghearts oh wow! I have to work on Sunday  but I'm off on Monday if you're still in town!
@wishywishes I wanna give it to you but even I can't have it 
@wishywishes Yeah  Gio needs such devoted fans as archie's to catch up that fast. I mean voting ends tom :O
@Wispers_69 oooh let me get over there...i am on a friends computer, they are all sleeping so i dont have anything to share 
@wisteela Yeah  and like @Remy_Foster said - I have a bad network always... so its more likely more fault
@wit_chu aah too bad i didn't know 
@wita Yup. @samhouston just dropped knowledge that it's a problem caused by Sony. 
@witch_md No, just woke up. Don't wanna go to the dr. What if he just goes, you're fine, tapos 5 mins lang? Sayang naman 
@Witch_on_demand hach, I whish I could be in Berlin with you guys... I'm missing out on everything lately 
@witch96: yum! ~ fisherman's wharf... now, i'm craving for oysters... 
@witchfic  When i'm done crying cause your latest chapter... I'll go comment   It was just so BEAUTIFULLY written...
@witchfic oh we should SOOO get a kiss tomorrow. That would make me a lot jollier about any Furtsspawn growing inside Nat 
@witenike  Starting to feel like maybe we should just focus on football! #Whitesox #WhenIsTheLosingStreakGonnaEnd
@witenike Hi dear! Sorry to hear about the accident outside your apartment! 
@witenike no balloons, flowers or puppies but it was still an excellent day! Too bad you can't get italian beef in the DC area 
@WiteWulf it gets harder as they grow up because we get older  although with a son you can always buy that train set you always wanted ;)
@withasound it's being a complete dick tonight. i should've kept the old one up and now i got nothing 
@Witheveryintake Aww there was a degrassi marathon?  I missed it
@withfoam  I'm staying in Norman tonight
@WithGandana with cat is closed 
@withgoodworks 'tis all my fault. I kept everyone up :S 
@withlovekristin I don't have a car today. 
@WITHMANYTALENTS lol it is ya fone dont like green  green say smash phone and get new one lol
@WITHMANYTALENTS u for real 
@witnessamiracle Me too  Haven't bought any of it yet. Maybe next week ;)
@witnessamiracle my mum said we're leaving ard 11+  i'll miss talking you you online hope i can use the com over there..
@wittertainment Please tell your Podcast listeners that Vodcasts etc on the Beeb's site are off limits to people outside UK 
@witty_knitter I noticed. Quadrahosting status page says all is fine, but clearly not. 
@WIUphoniumguy nope   We're still planning on it tho, no word of cancellation at the moment!
@WivesWitches Not so much because heavy machinery up my street pretty much ruined my day!   Hope yours was better than mine.
@wizardandwitch Yes, Am at work now having a coffee 
@wizbiff I agree 
@wizbiff oh no  I hope its like the mansfield rumor.
@wizbiff yoo I'm by the security guard controlling the gate haha idk if I wanna leave yet but my sis bugging me 
@wizdomlakers  , sigh, 3 step backwards lol
@wizll ended up not liking any of the 4 things I made  but once I have a winner you'll be one of the 1st to try!
@Wizpig - social network 
@wizwow Sounds like a great day and the perfect ending with the gang.  Give Michael Warf a smack for  me.  I'm envious of him right now 
@Wizz_Dumb Im sorry lol...well i wanna lay down but the twittering and endless homework is keeping me up... 
@wizzlewolf said:  Patchouli incense burning now...-I love patchouli, DH can't stand it, so none for me 
@wizzo_cracc but i didnt 
@wizzzle oui.... im so bored and dunno why 
@wjb17 HELL NO. DEFINITELY NOT EXCITED FOR HELL YEAR 
@wjdm I would attend if I wasn't seeing grizzly bear. 
@WJFuoco we did a test run of smoked turkey last week.... It is good stuff.  I just have to cook it for 1 hour per pound.  20 lb turkey 
@WKNC881 ok, due to some &quot;university&quot; difficulties, the radio on-air won't happening  adam, you best ace that chemistry test!!!
@wkusysstatus  Having error messages with &quot;nagios&quot; in twitter, makes it useless to search for nagios related tweets 
@wla10 pretty good. at work bored, and slightly starving bcuz of this diet i just started lol. the rain will be down here by 4pm  ..you?
@WLBT I want Jay back. 
@WLiiGroupie Missed you too! working @730 am sucks majorly 
@wlmager tried to follow your link re Tokyo Fest and Stiletto but got &quot;Safari can't find internet plug in&quot; when I tried to see the clip 
@wlynn7 DM me the info about Unc, I know about Mad... 
@wmdev Every time I succeed with a code, I get &quot;We're Sorry. Your Credit Card Has Been Declined at this time.&quot; 
@WMFans I love WM he is so hot and has brains- what happened to his myspace and twitter pages? i cant find them anymore 
@wmhsrebelmom Yea, back when i was a baby like you, that's what i thought.  Not so much anymore 
@wmwmsblog ouch that burns 
@wn737_flygirl I fly on Wed. out of PHX.  Sorry I wasn't able to meet with ya guys!
@wnba what's wrong with the WNBA Live Access? it's not working 
@WnchstrsGirl  I'm sorry. Wish I could help.
@WnchstrsGirl my aim is just being a bitch and the icon won't show up on the little bottom right taskbar thing like happens sometimes ugh 
@wndrldy just got them for dudes 
@wngraham Me too...It makes my heart hurt a little to think about it 
@WNithin So gruesome and gory...  WTF... is United Nations doing? Why is it still not interfering???
@WNivek Yay! yeah sorry about that, didn't realize it would be so tough to get appointment 
@WOAHAmber But I hate being me 
@woaharjay is my new favorite person. but i'm jealous of her. she lives in california! 
@woahbreanna wish I couldve made it girl! 
@woahhMandyyx It's not like before I went to bed I thought, &quot;Hm.. I'll kill Johno in my dream, tonight!&quot; :') Not my fault I killed him 
@Woahitssarah why'd they kick youuu?! 
@WoahOhJessica I twitpic'd it! &amp; neverminddd I got a B not a B+ 
@WoahOhJessica yeah, that was really sad 
@woaitslove i guess im sad for somebody i kno 
@woaivic330 like me  thats y u need to sing now!
@wobbly01 ugh. I'll have that tomorrow 
@Woffles 
@Woffles Mages have been fucked in the arse for 2 patches now, I can't see it changing any time soon 
@wofitz put the cat on my face, she scratched my nose and it's bleeding and hurting 
@wofstargirl thank u so much, AGAIN, ana. u rock. i had an awesome time, even if i did get smashed against the baracades &amp; no autograph! 
@wokendream i'd say kick the other one and have a matching set, but then it'd be kinda hard to get around tonight 
@wolfbane at least you're up and running 
@Wolfbyte Been too long since I used it to say, completely converted to ubuntu/mono/monodevelop these days. I can bet it's a conflict tho 
@wolfcraaft they are the she-snakes..wasn't in that scene..all my women were ficticious ones i shagged then fired 
@wolfeatingraven why does he tease us by saying these things  http://tiny.cc/UozP6
@wolfet410 No Stanley Cup parade for me 
@wolfgang i didn't follow either 
@Wolfgang_    you got me at chicken rice. *cries*
@Wolfgang_ actually it also crashes on my iphone. And I haven't updated it to 3.0. 
@Wolfgang_ Bored.. Watching tv non stop.  no one home n I gotta starved.
@Wolfgang_ fell short of my own target  #fail http://twitpic.com/6aypt
@Wolfgang_ haha - I dunno - all rather confusing and tiring.... 
@Wolfgang_ If it's a Singapore bus it's likely to jerk an awful lot....... 
@Wolfgang_ I'm up cos I can't fall asleep  I think I'm turning nocturnal 
@Wolfgang_ LOL! Yes! And my work for him always half done one. 
@Wolfgang_ oh dear... 
@Wolfgang_ oh noes! That's what happened to the ulcer on my tongue. 
@wolfhudson good party @ hydrate? im jealous . . .and working 
@WolfHudson icecream sounds orgasmic   wish I had some!!! enjoy!
@wolfidy i need a clone to help me manage life, or maybe an upgrade to replace the lame me 
@Wolfie2 Oh tell me about it! It must have been about 3/4 of an hour with the same song. I didn't get to sleep till 2.45ish. 
@WolfLoverEmily  aww pooor em... 
@wolfparty http://twitpic.com/6ad1t - I can't see your magical ears 
@wolfparty http://twitpic.com/6bi7n - now THAT'S hot.  Still no ears, though. 
@wolfyhound I'm sorry hon...   Hang in there
@WollemiPine yes i thought it was terrible that they let him through to the final. it became very evident he was out of his depth 
@wolleymm oh no!!! stomach ill? or something else  Feel better!
@wolvesparkies Pollen count is definitely high in W'ton today, it's the first day I've suffered 
@wolwol viigo is ugly, it tries to do too much things  I just need something simple that does it right. Like feedly.com
Woah! Thunder storm,gonna hide now...i hate hate HATE them 
woah, brotha man. I NEVER knew you felt that way. too little too late 
Woah, extremely dissappointed  Night.
Woah, okay, it is really not cool that I'm dizzy. I need to have my brain right now. Whaaaaaaaaht.gdfkglfdg j 
woah, the past four years have gone by in a flash...i really miss it 
Woah. Been back in Canada for 36 hours - and jet lag hits me like a hammer. Night all! 
Woah. I'm terribly bored. And my tooth hurts 
woah. playing #Topspin tennis on #Wii yesterday has taken its toll on my arms. it hurts 
woah... feeling dizzy... home to rest me thinks 
woah... I have doubled in followers... go check out my Bonnaroo pics  Myspace.com/licata05  Off to work 
woah: Crosby's number (87) and 2007 contract signing ($8.7 million per year) reflect his birthdate (8/7/87). i hate the number 8 
woahh there is no one at school.... where are all my senior friends? 
woburn for a few days  33 days til graduation 
woe is me, not at #E3 
woeful morning  but in a good way, if that can make any sense?  ....enquiries within ;) lmao...I aint weird, just a bit strange xxmwahxx
Wohoo!!! The Giants beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5-3 to take the series!!  Of course I was at the only losing game of the series. 
Woke at 7 this morning, crazy early time to wake up for me. Couldn't get back to sleep. 
Woke by @barbaravey 's birds at 4am   Bright note, going to see Jersey Boys t'nite.  Need a nap!
Woke to the sound of some crap electronic durge coming from next door, who ever it can be described as music is beyond me! 
Woke up &amp; blkbry deleted all my txts &amp; emails  don't even kno if my ppl hit me up or not ah well
Woke up &amp; realized I fell asleep with my lovely face mask cream on... I'm having trouble taking it off now.  Boo hoo 
woke up @ 1pm D:  missed yoga and APSA mentor/mentee lunch   plus I'm being really forgetful today
Woke up @12 &amp; I'm still tired 
woke up 2 minutes before I was supposed to be at work today- don't know what happened to my alarm. Work til 5 
woke up 2day with a realy sore throat and got a bloody gig 2day  of all the days 2 get it lol xxx
Woke up a little later than origianlly planned. Will need to trim total body weight workout. And it's my favorite lately. 
Woke up a little sad that I have no more @NKOTB shows to look forward to 
woke up a year older 
Woke up about 10 minutes ago...i've already sneezed 13 times...i've counted 
Woke up about an hour ago. I'm really bored! 
woke up about an hour ago...what a night! I think I might be getting sick though 
woke up about an hr ago and cant get back to sleep now its time to get ready for work...rough day coming 
Woke up about ten minutes ago and i am thinking about cutting my right leg off with the nearest knife it hurts soOoOo bad  WTF did i do?
Woke up after a few hours of sleep, and then slept until noon. So... I'm thinking plasma can wait until tomorrow. Don't wanna work out. 
Woke up again. Something's very strange. I have to do so much homework this weekend 
woke up again...have a feeling it's going to be one of those nights, of little to no sleep. 
woke up an forgot I had to be somewhere at 12. jumped in my car too fast and hit my head and blacked out for a good 4 seconds 
woke up an hour ago still tired cant get back to sleep   got GCSE's IN 2 DAIZ       so listening to metro station for a bit  then REVISION
woke up and ate some breakfast now off to sport for 2 hours of swimming, internet is still down 
woke up and feelin lazy.. 
woke up and getting ready for school...joys 
Woke up and got ready to go to Disney this morning. Unfortunately, I was the only one who got out of bed. 
woke up and my anger from last night turned to pure sadness. officially every aspect of my life is in the negative 
Woke up and started puking  ima be sick again today guysss
Woke up at 0530 after another night without much sleep. Looks like I won't make it back to hackday. 
Woke up at 1:30pm today 
woke up at 11 this mornin Lazy Lazy XD  chattin 2 friends nd in all day bloody hate the weather  xX
Woke up at 11:48am, alarm goes off at noon. Roar hiss 
Woke up at 11am!! got all my sleep out not like i need 2 get up in a hurry - no car 
Woke up at 12am. Today is a study day for me 
Woke up at 2 am 
Woke up at 2 am took a bath now I am starving  lame
woke up at 3:15am AGAIN-my ear is hurting me again, mayb the way i was laying?hope it goes cos i will cry if im stuck in again all week! 
woke up at 3am because in Oxford, that was usually the time I woke up for school 
Woke up at 3am with my head still banging  off to work now so will just have to take lots of painkillers and drink pints of water!!
Woke up at 3pm and went for my morning bagel and coffee - after traversing murray hill, I learned that breakfast ended long ago 
woke up at 4.30, not good news when i have 4 essays to do in 72 hours  need motivation but just want a subway, depressing.
Woke up at 4:30 for school.  I miss Spring Break already .
Woke up at 5, now I can't get back to sleep... 
Woke up at 5:40 why am i up so early! 
Woke up at 5am this morning for work, left at 5.30am, got home at 6.30pm  Man i love working.
woke up at 5am today, convinced it was 5pm. BadTimes 
Woke up at 5am today, haven't been able to go back to sleep 
woke up at 6 am.. i can't sleep 
woke up at 645 to get my boarding pass. can't go back to sleep. 
woke up at 6am. I'm trying to sleep but I can't   I'll stay here =D
woke up at 7 ..again. to pee..now i can't go back to sleep . no one else is up  haha
woke up at 7:30 and couldn't fall back asleep so im watching tv til i have to get ready to go to work 
woke up at 730 to get rush tkts for @n2nbroadway....didnt get them...r u kidding me?? im just sad! 
woke up at 7am on a saturday! What's up with that? Seeing my bf in a few hrs! 2 weeks was wayyy to long 
woke up at 7am on a sunday morning to study for APs  boooo
Woke up at an ungodly hour this morning to drive @Meg005 to the airport. Our little vacation went by too quickly. 
Woke up at six   Tired .. only 4 hours of sleep last night. I'll just sleep on the bus
woke up at ten, was up for twenty minutes to check emails and stuff, went to sleep till one. up for two hours and slept 'till five. 
woke up because of the storm 
Woke up bright and early to do what....shiiiitttt smh at what has happened to me gotta change up alot of shit cause this just aint me 
woke up but no icecream  but rallys got wings!!! now2sleep im on a mission!!
Woke up crying 
woke up dead 
Woke up earlier than I wanted to on my day off 
woke up early  couldn't get back to sleep. race later.
Woke up early as fuck 
woke up early cuzz I have to learn today 
Woke up early for prototype. Still don't have a driver's license  I had to figure out a ride-Kati's taking me &amp; Jenna's bringin me home 
woke up early for yard sales... yeah, its raining 
Woke up early this morning (unusual when I don't have to work), and I don't seem to have any plans for this morning. Makes me sad 
Woke up early this morning to download the iPhone 3.0 OS...too bad it was no where to be found. Where is it?! No more waiting 
Woke up early to download new divide. But no new divide  CHESTER!!!!!!!!!
Woke up early to feed my cat. Forgot he was gone. 
woke up early to jump start James' car...it wouldn't start 
woke up early today had a bad dream best friend died in it couldn't fall back to sleep 
woke up early today! now my drawing's finished.. not that good though, i'm not in the mood to draw.. 
Woke up early!! Dang man I know i'm not going back to sleep 
woke up early.Just got a text from @mfernanda05  i'm so sad 
woke up expectin to make a great breakfast...and much to my dismay all the ingredients weren't there 
Woke up extra early to get 3.0 and rejailbreak. Denied till 5pm 
woke up far too late 
Woke up feelin extremely happy after last night, then realised ive got such painful blisters  lol
woke up feelin like crap my head hurts 
Woke up feeling a lot worse than I did when I went to sleep 
woke up feeling like balls...blah. n then I somehow bit my tongue as I was stepping out the shower!!! FML 
woke up feeling naseous and headachey...  went back to sleep for 3 hrs, woke up again, still icky 
Woke up feeling sick so i went to the doctor...i have a virus and my white blood cell count is really low 
woke up from a bad dream  skeletons! waaaaaa
woke up from a nap hoping everything would be cool apparently not. ugh fml. 
woke up from a nightmare and now I cant sleep 
woke up from bad dream.  grrrr
Woke up from listening to The Beatles, and still have the stupid headache. Ugh! 
woke up from my nap. mad tired, but can't go back to sleep 
Woke up have a headache  have 2 work on my paper probs not going 2 tennis my coach is sick and family thing tonight.. Ug my head hurts 
Woke up in a bad headspace this morning. 
woke up in a puddle of sweat and a really weird nightmare 
woke up in agony...  ughhhhh I hate being sick  gimme sommmmmmme vicodin!!
Woke up in pain again. Arse, will never get a doc appt with long weekend 
Woke up in some wacky, hungover stupor  Gonna head into town after brunch though 
woke up in the middle of the night with a bellyache. i wish he was here already 
Woke up in the middle of the night, it's 4:30 in the morning 
woke up in the middle of the night...need to go back to sleep!!! 
Woke up in the morning feeling a bit quesy. Might of been the taco...  Got a bit better, and am going out later to the Turtle Farm.
WOKE UP KINDA SICK 
Woke up kinda warm with a sore throat - allergies? Or [gasp] swine?!? Maker here I come 
Woke up late  dnt think i will make it to sunday school...but last nite was amazin  i gotta t shirt 
Woke up late and have had a headache all day.  Bad for getting work done when I need to. Gonna take a quick nap and hope I feel better.
Woke up late and have laryngitis or something. (MY BODY IS PUNISHING ME?) Had a little sore throat recently but didn't suspect this 
Woke up late but still made it to the airport. Soooo tired! Had sooo much fun! We're outtie. Miss u Raleigh! 
Woke up late for DC Code Jam  Went on a bike ride and took P to the park instead. Wondering if I have to physically be there to compete...
woke up late this morning and is in a rush! 
Woke up late today. :| No one's home. 
Woke up late today..did not have time to run so it looks like I have to take the day off from it today. Just no time 
Woke up late, [thanks a lot weird dreams!] no time for breakfast  so houngry
woke up late, lots of dreams of C  Wish I could shut my head off! busy day ahead, toodles!
Woke up late,which means no church today. 
woke up late.....I hate working desk 
Woke up like 15 mins ago! Now can't get back to sleep 
Woke up mad early and couldn't even sleep last night cuz it was too early 
woke up much too early  i'll be so zombie today, mmhm
WokE up N sTiLL can't Believe the nuggets lost smh felt like they wuznt even tryin  but we takin it nxt time
Woke up next to a special someone...  but he's leaving today.. Boo
woke up now getting ready 2 go 2 work after a week off but i dont wannnaaa!!! 
woke up on a very rainy Sunday  R2 will coverup the balcony after there has been removed a lot of trees in the backyard ,dirty hands !Tjoe
Woke up on some bad news, now I'm depressed n just going back to sleep 
Woke up on the wrong side of bed! 
woke up on the wrong side of the bed again... i needed get out of here 
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed! Letting nonsense distract me ..the enemy is so persistent 
Woke up on time just had to clean my room before I left so running late  work then gym
Woke up on time today. Yay. Maths first, then French!  not so &quot;Yay.&quot;
woke up once at 7am, fell back asleep til 1:30ish. haha.  AND had like 2 nightmares.   Ugh.
Woke up prematurely to the horrible screetching of bats.  in Beaumont, CA http://loopt.us/hfl_qg.t
Woke up sick 
Woke up sick   Going to bed again.
woke up sick  but i got to see cirque du soleil's love last night and it was amazing! shower time, hopefully i get better quick!
Woke up sick  Hope work is easy!
woke up sick in the night  Feeling ok now, head is just a little foggy. Weird..wonder what it was...
woke up sick today and I have SO much to do 
Woke up so dang early for work. Wish I could be there for the last day of school 
woke up so early this morning, to study  bleah ... not fair :-s ..
