watching The Janice Dickinson Modelling Agency and eating chicken soup, feel so sick 
Watching the kid &amp; friend wizzing around on rides at the mall of America. Soo hot outside, great day to be here. Too bad I can't ride 
Watching the kid play soccer ... And freezing my a$$ off 
watching the laker game. imma watch movies with my big bretheren vonna tonight, i think.idk what imma do this weekend.probably nothing. 
Watching the laker parade in english! Even though mr silva doesnt like the lakers 
watching the Laker parade...so bummed I'm not there right now 
Watching the last episode of Ghost Adventures, I think my posts are too boring and that's why I only have 2 followers 
watching the last episode of Jay Leno  my favorite talk show at night. No one can replace Jay Jay
Watching the last Jay Leno 
watching the last show of Jay Leno  but i no Conan's gonna be great
Watching the last time Jay Leno host the tonight show 
Watching the last two episodes of season 4 of house. Need to pick up a new lizard soon. Yoshi will be lonely until then. 
Watching the lion man, holy mackerel! That man should get danger pay! Three little white tiger cubs born but mum rejected them 
Watching the lions get spanked by South Africa 
watching the live streaming of Miss Wisconsin. cried a bit when it sank in that I'm not there competing 
Watching the market tank  
watching the matrix and contemplating my reckless operation ticket, same old same old 
watching the most depressing episode of deadliest catch 
Watching the movie Juice. Q and Raheem were fine...and so was Bishop til he lost his mind..why did he kill Raheem? 
The sound of children playing basketball across the street is driving me nuts! Yes, I still have a migraine.  #fb
the sound of rain would be amazing right now without all the wind 
The sound of the rain is making me homesick. 
The sound of whiny children is so nice .............. 
The sound system on Linux is a big mess, and it won't get better soon 
The spark is gone. 
The Spawn took TEN seconds off her 100 Fly yesterday! Added 3 in 100 Breast.   But still took 2nd in that event!!
the spawn's team lost its opening game in the post-season tourney tonight  they really played like crap, tho. i feel bad 4 them...
The special guest never came 
The Specials are coming to NZ! Only Auckland though  http://bit.ly/fjR0s
The spiders are returning and making homes in my Uni room again. For someone like me with a fear of spiders, this is horrible! 
The spikes in traffic have killed the server  the problem with a busy site is cost esp if you don't monetize the site.
The splitting is today  so sad
The Spring Break blues have hit. I'm so bored I ran out of photos to manip and captioned tweets. 
The ST fandom is making me want to get back into graphic making, but I have so many other things going on right now it would be illogical 
The stairs are behind me while i sit at the computer. I was on webcam with a cute guy and my dad came down the stairs in his underwear 
The stars are out. Where were you when I needed you 
The start of a meeting-ful day. Pushing 9 meetings today 
The start of a new day...at work 
the start of another day - a paperwork day  I bet it will be sunny outside
The start of another long boring day at blockbuster. 
The start of another week at work....sad 
This is Wha't being responsible does to me. Ugh! My voice is gone. 
This is what happens when a 2 pound kitten meets the dog that just wants to kiss it...cut on her nose  http://yfrog.com/111jij
This is what happens when people ditch out on our &quot;woohoo Friday night!&quot; Fridays. 
This is what I get to leave  http://twitpic.com/698pm
This is what you get if mom isn't there for making you food. Eggs on a bread  http://yfrog.com/5h643j
This is why i didn't out at all today until i had 2...it tsunami status outside...i'm sick of it...all this rain can't be good 
This is why I don't wanna go to work ... This is what I left  http://yfrog.com/3o9kzj
this is why I have an iPod...but it's not the same 
This is why I wish I knew how to play the Piano.    This kids just pulling this outa his head!  Its improvised!  http://tinyurl.com/p787g9
This is your life, are you who you wanna be? 
This isn't as funny now  http://bit.ly/KLM1t
this isn't fair. i hate this, it's just another reason. :/  D:
this isn't fair. i hate this.  :/  D:
This isn't fun. Wish I were with Jenny! 
this isnt going to be fun today............time to take the girls to school 
this isnt going very well  why is it taking so long?
this isnt how it was meant to beeeeeeeeeeeeee 
This isn't really snowboarding weather 
This isn't turning out so well afterall.  Don't know how I'm gonna go in the exam tomorrow.
This jelly-o-sh*t attacks again! 
This jk+8 commercial that keeps replaying is pissing me off. 
This job is earlier 
This just dawned on me...i dont feel good 
This just in: SHELDON HAS A STALKER.. and not the hawt kind! 
watching the nanny. imagining what could have been between me and those bagel bites. 
Watching the National Geographic Channel, poor little baby baboons are being eaten by crocodiles 
Watching the new clip of Modern Warfare 2 on Gametrailers, makes the release date seem even more further away than it is 
Watching the new episode of Intervention and then the new Obsessed and then going to bed. Work 5 to 9 tomorrow. 
Watching the new programm. Allways the same old stuff  less than 5 seconds ago
watching the notebook by myself...depressing 
watching the notebook. lol 
watching the NY Yankee game and relaxing. I have to work tomorrow 7am at Walgreens in the photo department-new software lucky me-NOT!! 
Watching The OC.  Anna's goodbye always makes me cry 
watching the office today, I guess. Catching up on season 5. But starting at episode 10 
Watching The Other Boleyn Girl. Oh man I love this movie!!!!! This has to be more than 20 times 
Watching the parade streaming on Fox LA so sad I can't make it this year 
Watching the Pens game...it's not good 
Watching the PGH Penguins game! Still a lot on my mind  Could have used some company...get to see fam tomorrow! 
Watching the premier of Kendra, making study notecards and then going to bed!  English 9-1 tomorrow.. KILL ME. 
Watching the pretty weather through the windows at work  I wanna play!!
This just makes me sad  http://bit.ly/F2VGY
this just makes me sick... http://23isback.com/5army1.jpg Are they even trying anymore??? White shiny leather??? 
this just went horrible...like fist lesson all over again! 
this kfc burger is making me feel sick, the bacon isn't cooked and the meat tastes ewwey  considering I work there I'm not surprised..
This kid just came by my house and asked me if i needed my lawn mowed. I said no and now i feel bad  #dfizzy
This kitty is going to drive my funds into the ground!  tomorrow I call the vet!
This knee makes life miserable. I can't get one good night of sleep 
This lady came to buy the beds in the guest room and fell in love with Lucy.  She's all gross and rednecky.
This lady just got laid off and its her  birthday 
this lady put way too much boba in my smoothie. now I feel sick 
this lady takes forever to do my toes  and this water is getting coldddd &gt;:l
This laptop spoils me. I am laying in bed, thoroughly disinterested in leaving the warmth I am currently enjoying. Gotta go get ready... 
This last week has been exhausting, but amazing. I'm gonna miss singing Consider Yourself every night 
This lazy morning, I can't believe I'm stuck at home again having so much to study 
This life of fan full of jealous that me crazy ¬¬', or I love him, or I do it with him, not the two of  MILEY FORGET ABOUT IT PLEASE 
This life of fan jealous with me mad that ¬ ¬ 'and I love him, love him or her of the two not  MILEY DROP IT PLEASE 
this light is lame taking forever to turn green 
This light novel translation is just begging to be rewritten, but I don't have time.   Got to get back to the comic.
This lightning storm is so amazing right now. Only downside? If it rains, it's going to be humid as hell for a few days 
This like the worst ever, I so use to waking up and going strait to WoW with my cup of coffee. 
This lipgloss promised it would taste like vanilla. It does not. It tastes like lipgloss 
this little girl, @ewgemma, needs to get some sleep. 
This little guy looks so dejected!  lol http://bit.ly/OVb6H
This little tree is tiiiiired  25's (and dealing with stupid people) tomorrow and then finishing 10s monday! Raiding every nice 
this long weekend away rocks, but my packing skills totally stink. i cannot tell you how many things i forgot to pack. 
Watching the promotion. Its not very funny 
Watching The Pursuit of Happyness as I get ready for party tonight.. it's so sad 
watching the Qualifiing for the British #GrandPrix at:  http://tinyurl.com/lbtmhm - preamble nattering at the moment 
watching the rain come down on my washing! 
watching the red carpet on x17... he's making fun of kristen 
watching the Red Sox game vs. Mariners, sucks that I am sitting in a hotel room only 3 hrs from the game 
watching the Redwings beat up the Penguins. Wish it was the other way 
watching the redwings game on tv...should be there  it sucks being sick on vacation
Watching the replacements! I f'in love this movie. Wish my throat wasn't swollen shut... 
watching the rerun of the MMVA's because i missed it last night 
Watching the season finale of SNL. Goodbye SNL. Goodbye @katiegiesbrecht. Goodbye @katenetzler. 
watching the season finale of the hills 
Watching the season finale of The Hills, and already missing Lauren in the show 
watching the second season of digimon while wondering why my right pinky hurts that much  it's getting all red/purple
Watching the series finale of Medium. It's the end of an era. 
watching the series finale of pushing daisies. i think im gonna cry...... 
Watching the shittest futurama episode. 
This looks like a great site for making photobooks only I don't speak Chinese  http://hypo.cc/default_en.html
This love is taking ALL of my energy 
This machine stole all my money!!  http://yfrog.com/0w22vvpgj
This made me fear; http://tinyurl.com/dxoz24 
this makes me sad to hear that somebody would do such a thing for no reason 
This manuscript just doesn't want to get off the ground. I've been reworking the 'Methods' section for days. 
this may be a blonde question but any ideas how I get back my old skype version - this new one is driving me potty 
This may sound mean, but when I work out I sound like a wheezing fat kid.  How'd I ever dance without having an asthma attack mid-set?
This maybe will be the last Formel 1 season I follow. Boring and disgusting. Ferrari Fan 
this might be a do da do lifes good moment 
This might be random but i want to take the SATs again, just to see if I would do better... Enough randomness back to studying 
This might be the end of the road for the Nuggets this year. 
this migraine is probably going to kill me today. and I definitely to not feel like sitting in this freaking waiting room for an hour 
This mind fuckin rickshaw guy is blaming on every other thing he looks at 
This monster headache is putting a damper on my day. 
This morning- driven home by the boy I'm crushing on high school style, crashed in @shelbybriggs's bed with Heidi at 5:30am, off to work 
This morning I awoke twice - the first time my mum came in at 7:50! Wtf? Then at 8:10 there was the sound of builders  No sleep for me.
This morning I rode behind a guy with a bird cage containing a plastic Tyrannosaurus rex attached to his bicycle. I couldn't get a photo. 
This morning my moped stopped, a leak in the cilinder head (again)  hopefully i can repear it this afternoon.
This morning someone threw away old computers (Apple II, C64, Amigas, etc...) Got 2 Atari 2600s! Came back at 9h30 garbage truck took all 
this morning sum1 innocently comment that im getting fatter.then she added that she luv my shoes.im stuck thinking of her 1st comment 
This morning was emotional. Went there with a headache and it became worse at the funeral. 
This morning when Kennedy Hubbard went to the tea cupboard, the cupboard was bare.  Bad times.
Watching the simpsoms, ugh the weathers to hot 
watching the simulation now..getting more bored with work. 
watching the soccer game i should be playing in... 
Watching the sound of music, alone  texting boyyyyz 
Watching The Soup and getting ready to take wifey to the airport. 
watching the Sox lose to Texas 
Watching the squid &amp; the whale with ben &amp; emily. My cheeks are pink from swimming so long w\o sunscreen 
watching the storm and csi... it's hailing i think 
Watching The Suite Life Of Zack &amp; Cody! I am really bored' 
Watching the sun come up then getting ready for work 
watching the sun go down and the black clouds coming in. sadly, we need the rain 
Watching the sunrise over the trees, the deer and fox have kept me entertained tonight. Shame it was on the security monitor 
Watching the sunshine through my office window 
Watching the Super 14 final.  Not hopeful for the Chiefs... 
Watching the Titanic, I still cry every time I watch it 
Watching the titanic. Definately going to cry. 
watching The Tonight Show... man, i could have been there! 
Watching The Two Towers after giving up on the Hogs. 
This morning, i slipped getting into the shower and hot a busted lip from my shampoo bootle  ...a great way to start off my day
This morning, is a tired morning.... 
This morning, put on white jeans. 10 mins later- managed to spill orange juice ALL over them... 
this morning's trail run confirms... pup is getting old   and slow.
this moth won't leave me alone 
this movie is awesome lol i just need my friggin charger its still at michaels 
This movie is emotional  i love it!! I am really sensitive lol &lt;*In God I Trust*&gt;
this movie is making me so sad 
This movie is making me tear up.....     
this movie is making me want some chocolate 
This movie is so sad  But I love it so much &lt;3
This Movie is so Sad but really Good. It's: Hotel for Dogs! It's really a Sad Movie  It makes me Cry! I'm so Emotional. I love Bradley!
This movie is somewhat disappointing 
this movie kinda sucks 
this must be how the end of the world feels like.... iLost the remote control 
this nba season has been crazzzzyy..and like anyone-wanted to see the kobe/lebron game!! 
This new phone better be worth the wait.. I'm currently down to 6 minutes of talk time and about 2 hrs of standby on my current phone.. 
this next week is gonna suck for exams  but at least they'll be over soon (:
This night just went from bad to worse...They cancelled my beloved Nip/Tuck. 
This night out was a bad idea 
This night will never end, only on the fourth rubbish band  one more to go on at midnight Buffalofail   hope the club finishes early!
Watching the US Open. Hope Phil wins this! Referrals have gone cold for now    http://www.neobux.com/?r=mags24
watching the very last episode of that 70s show, haven't watched it yet 
watching the wonder years while parker is snoring away! 
Watching the World's Strictest Parents on MTV...this show is interesting. Rain 
Watching TheDoors. I miss Jim Morrisons music 
watching these DORKS play Halo. I dont know how to play 
Watching this episode of Pushing Daisies is making me SO sad ABC cancelled it 
Watching this makes me miss Alexx. 
Watching this round of golf wants me want to go put-put golfing... Why did they close all the put-put places round here? 
watching this scary tv show.. i hope i can sleep tonight!! 
Watching this weeks diggnation before having to go paint all day.... 
Watching Thomas The Train Engine makes me miss George Carlin 
This nite is jus getting worse. Smh I'm going to bed 
This not sleep thing, not really working for me. 
This Obcecion Is Over!!!! I Hate U   I Got To Be Strong!!!
This old guy is staring at me....whyyyy 
This on th eother hand is not so happy looking  http://bit.ly/4UpMU
This one girl will not stop staring at me! I dont have any friends with me to do a booger check  Ill just chalk it up to her being rude.
This one will hurt Dinara way more than the other two 
This one works.  RIP  Classic .....In ode to my nine year old crush: http://bit.ly/fEWSL
This paper (that I did do part of!) made me miss the election  fun times.
This paper is going to be the death of me... all i wanna do is sleep   sadly that does not look like it is in my future. ahhh!
this paper is really sucking 
this part is boring. who cares about edward being saved, blah blah? i want jacob! 
This party is so boring 
This past wknd djd @ the clarke estate in sante fe springs. Thomas orozco wedding-good event. Shots with groom was the tip. 
This pedicure was very much needed. Now back home to work. 
this phone isnt letting me twit pic ... cant wait to get my blackberry 
This Pixies hunt is proving fruitless. 
This pizza smell is sooo strong  And it made my belly hurt! Damnear Divine is on now &lt;3
This place blows! My UberTwitter isn't functioning here! Had to switch to TB 
This poor kitty  He's Fucked up.
This poor little thing never had a chance  http://twitpic.com/4yh2s
this post is arabic--&gt;ya mero ya 7omar lh mesh terody 3ala el message beta3y fel mob howa ana 3mlt 7aga  ma3 enek mesh hate2ry da
this post won't add anything new either, save that The Da Vinci Code sucks, majorly...
watching THS i can see my seat where i sat haha ;] man this is making me sad 
watching Tinkerbell for 3rd time today.  Listening to children scream for 100th time today! Fed up 
Watching Titanic and crying my guts out 
Watching titanic and working on the website tryin to be productive sucks 
watching titanic with boarders... teeth hurts 
Watching titanic with the family makes me miss my ricky ho. 
watching Titanic. I want to look like Kate Winslet 
Watching Titanic...  who wanna cuddle?
watching tori and dean: home sweet hollywood. work at 3 
Watching transformers in honour of the sequel tomorrow!  Too bad i cant make it! 
Watching true blood...then going to sleep no club  going tomorrow
Watching tv and bed with @bencohn. He's leaving for Rome early tomorrow 
Watching TV and waiting for something to happend. I'm so bored! 
Watching tv being lazyy cause im 30 weeks prego and my tummy is huge and i can feel it in my ankles 
this pregnancy sucks 
This prop 8 thing has so much people in a bad mood  come on everyone will will win the next one!! cheer up!!!:.. http://tr.im/nAhW
This rain = yuck class and I'm in pain 
This rain is driving me stir-crazy. Weather.com says it'll rain all of next week too. BLEH 
This rain is going to make me get home later than expected 
This rain is not conducive to my boat party plans 
this rain is really putting a damper on my treasure hunting plans 
This rain looks like an all day event 
this rain make a nigga wanna settle down  who knows
This rain MUST end.  I'm beginning to take it personally. 
This rain sucks! Matter of fact this rain can kick rocks. 
This random black kid used my towel.  And these asian kids called Sam gay.
THIS RBD SONG IS SO SAD 
This really hurts. And this really sucks. I don't know what I can do to fix all this, seriously. 
This really stinks! Qwest wont have my new modem to me until tues. 6-23. I now have to rely on WIFI hotspots to update my peeps 
This recession has really got me down...I have to deal with it at work too.. Its really hard to hear and see the suffering 
this relationship is fall'n apart iThink ihts juhst noht tha way iht use tu be' this is mah fault ugghh  &amp; iDo understand wht yhu mean bay
This reminds me of the 2004 final. NOT GOOD MEMORIES, FOLKS.  I don't want to see my bb Dina cry. I can't watch this. Ack.
this room that we got for changing, etc is NICE. wish we were staying here instead of that POS homestead suites on glenoaks in glendale 
This rugby trip just went from bad to worse.  I guess someone should have listened when I said WE WERE NOT READY.
This Saturday I have wedding coverage until 1am. It's 12 am and I'm falling asleep, I must change my schedule by then! 
This scares me  http://bit.ly/133Pmc
this school day was amazing but now just 4 days 
this scrabble game is not goinng to well  [getting the nails done with the lil sis tommorrow], bball games&amp;&amp;josh's grad party--&gt;maybe l0l
This screen dissappoints me.   http://twitpic.com/7zcbf
This search for a dress is proving unsuccessful 
This season's weeds is dissapointing. So is Nurse Jackie.  when does entourage start back up?
watching tv board and sick 
Watching tv bored as all get out missing mt bestfriend @amcrocker 
Watching tv in my jammies getting my head together for another weeks work. 
watching tv now. nothing on..   Boring.
Watching tv ugh so bored! 
Watching tv with @browneyes314. I wish she didn't have to work tonight 
watching tv with ellyse. last time for a whileeee. im actually sad to leave her  waaah! goodnight twidiots.
watching tv with my mom. baby jack has kennel cough. 
watching tv, giving myself a manicure, and relaxing for the rest of the evening. work tomorrow 
watching tv, lying down and feels bad cus ive been using jons hoodie as my hanky.. sorry 
Watching TV, really bored, but happy that i'm off of school, but i got summer school, failed English 
watching tv, too tired to go out 
Watching tv. Waiting on a certian someone to text me 
watching tv...but heading to bed soon...not feeling well. 
Watching tv...by myself.....while everyone is at the river having fun. 
Watching twilight ill in bed 
This seat is makin my azz hurt 
This 'seeing people off at the station' thing is really depressing 
This shit is gay I have no friends  ..
this shit is whack...im out 
this shit just is pissin me of I have been depressed from to long...  when is it going to go away!
This show better stop with the needles 
this Sims 2 download would finish after two weeks 
This site http://bit.ly/2UySvI keeps thinking I look like a girl.   &amp; if I do look like a guy, it's Ravi Shankar or Rudy Giuliani! 
this site is frustrating 
This site offers 5$ at registration and pays you to shorten your links. I wonder why it has been banned by twitter.  http://krumlr.com/n8n
this situation really makes me rethink my time with ben 
this song is never going to stop 
this song makes me cry i should maybe stop listening to it but 
This song makes me sad 
This song reminds me of him so much   http://bit.ly/126WIO
This song reminds me of school 
this song, Then by Brad Paisley always makes me cry 
This sore throat is gonna ruin my weekend.. 
This sore throat is so bad.. Udh 2 minggu ga sembuh2..  http://myloc.me/5A8R
This sounds sad  Missing French jet hit thunderstorms over Atlantic http://tinyurl.com/lubmuq
This sounds suspiciously like Year of a Million Dreams to me. Hyatt is a copycat    http://tinyurl.com/kkqffq
Watching Underworld 2.... Still got pink eye.   
Watching USA vs. Honduras as well as PIttsburgh vs. Detroit, Pitt is losing  lol http://tinyurl.com/orxas3
Watching Velvet Goldmine instead tonight, eating the Dominos pizza that was the wrong order.  
Watching VH1..the last days of Left Eye 
Watching videos of Kerry's last....  Her taking off in the taxi and waving as she pulled off was SO Eastenders-like!!
watching videos of last nights show doesn't help :p still gutted 
Watching videos of older Cobra performances makes me kind of sad. Gabe's voice used to be so much stronger than it is now. 
Watching videos then going to bed. Don't wanna go to work tomorrow.  At least it's only two days this week though then the big day! OMG!
watching walle and coughing my head off 
watching weeds -watched 1 ep 3 yrs ago, its quite good actually. upload to blog didnt work  cold keepin me awake. tomorrow yet??
Watching Whale Wars on the phone with the boy!  I miss him!!!  
Watching what not to wear. Waiting for finale of my novela @ 7... God I wish it wasn't this hard &amp; that I never had to feel this lonely 
Watching Who's Line with my dad. Geesus I miss this show! 
Watching why did I get married an drinking rum. What is up with cali's weather  I want my blanket
Watching Wild Child *again* I fricking love it... 1h50mins til another 12 hours of work 
watching will and grace on @111HITS. Home alone tonight, got nothing to eat for dinner 
Watching Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. With the good Oompa Loompas! But no Johnny Depp. 
Watching Without a Trace..about this boy that's bullied. He's about to kill himself. I'M GONNA CRY. 
Watching World's Tallest Children on TLC. A 13 year old is 7'11&quot;! As if I didn't feel small enough. 
watching WWE Judgement Day....missing my baby 
Watching X-Men III...and feeling a bit blue ---&gt; having car problems!  
watching xmen, i have a killer headache 
watching your sisters bf die repeatedly in re5 mercenaries mode instead of master chef is not that great 
This spells the end for richie  takin him in tomorrow morning
This Star Trek D*A*C game on xbox live just looks like the Battlestar Galactica game skinned with ST ships.  
This stop at sontic (sonic) making me a bit tardy for work  but I'm so hungray!!!!!
This store charges $.25 extra to cover damage to DVDs, but when YOU get a damaged disc they have a no credit policy. Sad. 
This storm has me feeling sick to my stomach sitting in a ball on my couch shaking.  I am terrified right now.
this storm is BANANAS!!! stop raining  i wanna go out tonite
This storm is making my conference day sad  I hope I get to the airport in time, but traffic just isn't moving.
this storm is scary  i just want to sleep and for it to stop. =/
this storm is so annoying - my internet gets so dodgy in a storm... 
This Strep throat sucks donkey dick.  I have never been in so much pain before.  Apologies to my Philly guys.  
This studying thing blows 
This stuff in Iran makes me so thankful that I live in a country where I don't have to worry about being killed for political beliefs 
This stupid tv show is making me cry sooooo much.  I'm completely blaming @loloie. Because there's not point in acknowledging free will.
this stuppidd  alaarmm!! im trying to take a naaaap   fml  loool.
this sucks  I have to be up in less than an hour and I can't sleep D: is any1 up?
This sucks  I miss you so much.
This sucks coinstar is not taking coins @ the moment.. 
this sucks got to got to my DayJob 
This sucks I can'teven get LVATT. This makes me super sad.  http://bit.ly/Bk33z
this sucks i wanna be with you  
this sucks i'm tweetless...and i f'n hate money, why does it have to be an issue 
this sucks, all my friends are out of town and i've been bored all week. 
this sucks, apparently my cable packages doesnt have CMT... lame... 
this sucks, it looks hot outside but its freezing. i hate british weather 
This SUCKS. 
This sucks. I have no voice. 
This SUCKS. I really wanted to work at the Golden G 
This sucks. I want my baby to come home. 
this sucks. i'm stuck at home. i really need to study for tomorrow &amp; i still haven't gotten LVaTT 
this sucks. my teeth hurt so much I can't eat. 
This sucks.. 
This sucks...11-0 LSU is winning 
This sucks...I just got traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates 
this sucks:its hott over here,and i have a cold(starnge,huh?)so im forced to wear a scarf.AND Marcy is sick 
Watching youtube videos of NK at HOB....I knew we should have left early....kicking myself in the butt right now.  
watching zack and miri makes a porno...by myself since i'm contagious for the next couple days 
watching zoey 101  nothing is on 
Watching? Mate I wouldn't put my life on hold for Mancs (utd or city). Anyway, our league finished last week 
watchingcsi;new york, i'm fed up being stuck in, i hate being unwell, 
watch-movies.net messed up my computer 
Watchn movies, drinkn wine @loft201 w/ @ashmoneybank as @iContips tweets his life away!I heart these guys. Only thing missing @shelyndsey 
Watchn sum@lovebscott vids lol funniest person evvvvvva!!!! Lol im tryna catch up! Cant sleep yet:/ but got wrk early! 8am 
Watchn the Selena movie makes me homesick I gotta go visit...I miss the beach  and my fam...altho I'm a big city girl now
Water + Sunny D= Tang. Sooo exciting. But seriously- not leaving bed, except to go to hospital, for 6 days- NOT exciting 
Water bottlles offered are not chill  They uploaded them on Delhi station only. Some food is coming too. Some snakcs 
Water heater broke and flooded my garage/living room! There goes my off day 
Water on the laundry room floor; never a good sign.  
this summer isn't off to a great start... the weather has pretty much sucked so far and now my cat is missing..prolly won't see him again 
this summer sucks 
This summers going to be such a waste. Again. I can feel it  x
This sunny weather keeps catching me by surprise. No mirrored shades means no &quot;sight-seeing&quot; 
This supposed to be great night has turned into a very saddening and frustrating experience 
This survey is currently closed. Thank you for trying to help us collect feedback.#linkedinfail Looks like I'm too late to work for free 
this sweater smells all plastic-ky 
This taco is hellla spicy 
this tasty salad will have to do for now 
this tea isnt working..i gotta hit the coffee 
This tea taste like pure WATER!!!  Yuck!
this tea tastes like my grandma's house 
this temporary phone sucks. i want my old one back 
This the first Saturday I'm in this early in eons! This is when a wife comes in handy... 
This thing about our future on Earth is so depressing 
this thing is pissin me off 
This thing is stressing me out!!!!! I'm gonna try to sleep now! shhtupid macbook! 
This thing Iz goin by so slow! Itz boring just sitting here waiting for people to show up!  (The promise is yours!)
this thing will not let me upload a photo 
this thing wont let me change my background... 
this thing won't let me put a pic on 
This throat soreness is killing me  Jose Cuervo here I comee
This thunder is scaring the hell out of me...geez...I HATE THUNDER  we better not loose electricity... #fb http://myloc.me/2144
This thunder is scawy 
this thunderstorm is scaring me  goin 2 attempt sleep nitey nite.
this time last night was having fun..   direct contrast
This time last week me and Lauren were sat waiting for our coach to London 
This time last week people I was finishing off blow drying my hair, then putting on me fake tan  *Sigh* and it was beautiful sunshine!
this time last week we were leaving the venue &amp; going on our crazy jounrey back to the bus home. i miss ittt! 
This time last year I was on a plane to Europe  I wish I was going somewhere exciting than sitting here at home...
this time lkast week  i miss joeeeee :')
this time next week I will be in LDN BABY! I can't wait. It's such a nice day today... still white as a ghost. 
Water, Water, Water.....working out and trying to stay fit is no fun!!!! 
water...Waterrrrr..WAterrrr...WATerrrr....WATErrr...WATERRRR...!!! oki doki i have a bath! too much heat 
Waterfight after exams! Might not go ! (N) 
waterfight in my garden = ssoooooooo much fun however sun burn = majoer setback 
waterfront lifeguard training is frustrating when you can't go in the water because of the weather 
Watering the plants at home. Drinking a delicious smoothie from morgans because my jamba exploded. 
waterrrrr. mmmmm, i want coffeeeee!!!  starbucks anyone??
wating for the panadol to kick in. i've got a flu... it hurts..  how do i get rid of it?
Wats a pool party if no one gets in the water? just another social event i guess.  U KNOW I HAD TO GET IN. I COULD CARELESS. NO TWIT PIC 
wats going on with this s**t weather, it was 27 degress this week now its pissing it down 
wats good @tovan05 ? havent heard from u much today! 
WATS THE SENSE OF ALL THIS MONEY IF I AINT GOT THAT SPECIAL ONCE TO SPEND IT WITH.... 
Wats wrong wit me? 6am and i cant sleep... i aint even sleepy. everythings off... i just lay here... this is not good... i miss u 
Wats wrong wit my stomach?!?!?! 
Watson takes the catch - #Gayle is gone  But it was WONDERFUL!  #cricket
watta day.  Im missing summer.
watta! so busy right now... 
Wave looks interesting. http://bit.ly/pvYYh  If we are going to live our lives so connected might as well be easy right? Google owns us. 
wave.google.com ..............looks awesome ....I want a sandbox access 
Waved goodbye to friend going back to Australia this morning 
Waves are still great! But I've got an admin day today 
Waxing the car is not fun.  
waxing time!! lol eyebrows ppl eyebrows!! so wish i could get a facial while im here but totally cant afford it!! 
way i can't put pic? 
This time tomorrow I will have already been on the open road for 2 hours! Eeeeeep! I'm scared  Hold me?
This time tomorrow I'll be all on my ownsome 
This time tomorrow I'll be doing a maths exam. I'm really not prepared 
This time yesterday I was arriving at Prom 
this titter is stuck again @LilaiPiolin so if she does not answer she is so sorry she can`t send updates by the moment 
this T-shirt with @michaelcho's artwork is... 
this tweetdeck app is pretty cool! now why can't i mms ? blaaaah 
This Twitter account belongs to Georgia Williams of the SF East Bay Area in California. If you are looking for a different GW, sorry. 
This V8 = not good. 
This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version.  No upgrade yet... #iPhone
This vieja is already in bed oyyyy 
This virus is so bad it's infecting the virus scanners 
This wait is going to kill me 
This was a beatiful weekend, back to work tomorrow 
this was a really good day.  and then a really really bad day.  and that's always worse.  because you just remember it as crap 
This was a shitty nite out 
this was such a slow sucky day  idk what the big problem was but it was one!!
this was the best day ever, but somebody just ruined it 
this weather is a major bummer...wheres the sun?!?  i need some vitamin D
way pissed off about not getting the job. STILL unemployed 
way tired..working in the am..and for the next 10 straight days. my feet already hurt 
way to bailz out on me nat 
way to bring me down today ..  wasnt really expecting my grad dinner to go that way.   thank u to every1 who watched it online!. POPUT&lt;3
Way to early for work  &quot;Angel of Music
Way to Early to be up No morning sex   Housekeeper !
way to gain three lbs.  fuck me 
Way to go wings!!  Sucks I will be in Baltimore on Tuesday 
Way to majorly fuck up alden, way to majorly fuck up. Im a great human 
way to make me feel awful! 
Way to make sure you're awake.. see a 3 inch long creepy crawler on the work phone... EEEEE, and to know it's still around.... 
way to mess up the middle of my day...picking mom up and taking her to the doctor.  So much for me going for a run 
Way to tired for work this morn 
way too awake for 9am!!! fun day ahead of me, then going home 
Way too busy to be online today   Sore from roof squats. Got my CHICKENFOOT blasting! Have a great weekend!!
Way too drunk last night, had my first argument with my bonjo  all is well now tho, I love you angel xxx
Way too early to b awake. 1st of 6 morning shifts. Why do I do this to myself! I never have been n never will b a morning person! 
Way too hungover 
way too many cute dogs for me this morning 
way too overwhelmed today. so discouraged by bitter, untrustworthy people. 
Way too tired to find any joy in going to work 
way, way, way too many fire engine &amp; police sirens nearby. can't be good.... 
Way. Too. Early. I will never be a morning person, ever. Work 6am-2pm again.  Napping forever when I get home.
wayy tired. Exercise drains my energy! no bueno 
WAYY too many cookies. I feel SO sick right now  
Wayyy to hotttttt 
Wayyy too late 
Wayyyy too early! woke up at 6am but went to bed at 3am 
wayyyy too tired for work  but I have to go anyway!
Wayyyyy too early to be up!!! Stupid new iPhones! 
This weather is bumming me out. 
this weather is crazy. where the sun gone 
This weather is crazy...it makes me depress 
This weather is definitely fitting my mood today 
This weather is depressing....I feel like I live in Seattle nt NJ 
this weather is getting worse  rain rain and more rain!
This weather is horrible and my math teacher is mean and makes me cry 
this weather is making me seriously miserable... I feel like I'm coming down with something too waaaa 
This weather is really messing up my flow!  Didn't do my morning Jog again! 
this weather is screwing up everything  but oh well, gotta take it as a blessing!!!
This weather is screwing up my S.A.D. 
This weather is so unpredictable.... 
This weather is soo lush. Wish I was aloud out on my balcony. Stupid restrictions! 
this weather is stupid. 
This weather is terrible... Bad morning 
This weather is totally amazing and i have to work 
This weather isn't helping the fact that I got no sleep last nite 
This weather just makes me wanna fall asleep to either some j.holiday (1st album) or some tynisha keli...SUPER nostalgic!  bbl twits...
this weather makes me depressed 
This weather makes sad! I want a boyfriend 
This weather makes sitting outside not even fun... 
this weather needs to get better, I wanna wear my shorts! 
this weather really sucks...it's cold and raining 
This weather SUCKS 
This weather sucks  its raining I can't wait to get home and take a steamy bath.
This weather sucks donkey nuts. What the hell 
This weather sucksss 
This weather sure does make me feel like I'm at the bottom of some serial killer/seamstress/transvestite's well. 
this weathers slowing me down  sleepy lazy weak; school;
this weave its turning out to be a bust....idk man it might not last the expected 2 weeks 
This week feels slow.... and I work tonight 
This week has been all sorts of crazy so far and it's only Wednesday... @hellyesjes , wish you were in LA right now.... 
This week has been awesome! I don't want to go back to school 
this week has put me through the ringer. is it over yet? 
This week I slept about 2 hours less a day and that's killing me. I need 7h+ for considering myself a person. &quot;Good&quot; morning, btw 
This week I'm &quot;on-call&quot;  Midsummer än all......
Wazup with North Korea? Troubles me that it seems like they want to start WWIII 
WCI was SO FUN that i can actually remember this year! so much for the after after party 
WD40 fails.  i need pee.
we  love you alex  forever.young.
We / They won the whole thing! 5-2 in the final I played 3 games had a save % of 97. unfurtiunatly I couldn't play the final. 
we actually got the Red Sox game on here today and they lost... 
We actually managed to get all 6 people down to Christopher Cross and I didn't even ask!  Sorry Misty. 
we all pay 
We all thot &quot;do u have a girl friend now&quot;? Haha n he's like &quot;no...&quot; n we're like awh 
We almost hit a bear with the car...and I didn't even see it 
We almost went out for ice cream, but my dad's too cheap and didn't want to spend money 
We also missed getting pics of the Cecropia moths that we were privelaged to see again this weekend because of the camera batteries. 
WE ALWAYS GOT NEXT YEAR HEAT 
We always miss each other!  @scottpierce
We are all running round doing things for my brother's party and he hasn't even bothered to come out of his room. ARSE. No revision time 
We are all so bored at work today.  I don't want to be here.  
We are at Stocksbridge school selling ice cream tubs  ...,, in the rain 
We are at the exit poll and things are going to shit ... 
We are behind in our painting.... Yet there is nothing coming from the scene shop for us to paint. 
We are dissappointed... There is no Carpet Exchange in Beaver Point... Just a Dominos... Ugh not even a sign...  sad times
WE ARE GOING TO MISS YOU THEN     lol
We are headed to a busy day that starts with Cole's last tball game!  #fb
We are headed to the Polynesian for a luau. It's raining though so it may be cancled 
We are hearing that the New Kids on the Block tour has been canceled, breaking the hearts of ten's of people across the country 
We are home, ordered pizza, and I picked up some ice cream at the corner store.  Our waiter will not serve it to us though.  
We are in for a nasty, nasty storm and comcast just went out completely and I can't track it. 
We are in london but still not close enough to home...i miss my family  
WE ARE NEEDING VOLUNTEERS FOR THIS WEEKEND TO PACK FOR OUR MOVE&gt;   The help we had just fell through 
We are now blocking wikispaces. Must send links to your specific wiki for it to become unblocked 
We are on a one way road to hell &amp; I don't think Obama can do anything about it 
We are over staffed  I could be sleeping
this week is going to be hellish 
this week is horrible the latest i slept in was 9 a.m. 
This week is looking to be a bad one. Someone save me! 
this week is my deep clean the house week. my soldier will be gone. 
this week my life is jam packed  not good...toooo much school work...help!!!
This week sucks  but whatever.
This week will be full of sadness and regret. Oh well. 
this week: maths, english lang, french, french, english lang, chemistry.....NO OPTIONS . fun 
This weekend has been just wonderful! Too bad Im still sick... When am I gonna be well? 
this weekend has been long cold and boring but i still dont want it to end...mondays 
This weekend has been tiring. I felt like I didn't have any Me-time and weekend's gone in a few more hours 
This weekend is going to be packed full of work for school  No life this summer I'm afraid.
This weekend is nothing but open road and no place to go  I'm almost fully done all my work. I can't wait to run out!!
This weekend is rather boring compared to the excitement of a fun filled Friday night 
This weekend is so so boring ,,, i just sleep doing nothing 
this weekend sucked big hairy balls!! whatever time for another boreing week 
this weekend was a bummer. i really wish i could've gone to improvability 
We are playing a show in 30 mins. There are literally 2 ppl in the bar.... 
We are sitting in traffic...hope att these people aint going to the same party as me  I hate an over crowded event
We are slammed at work. I'm about to fall over. And I burned my hand 
We are SO far behind schedule for this wedding!!! And I left my camera at the hotel. Guess my page won't have pics. 
We are so sad the beautiful Marisa dresses are leaving today (tear) 
We are STILL not on the road 
We are the minorities now. Excuse me, we've BEEN the minorities. 
We are under tornado warnings  again
We are very sad that Pickle died today  popped into the Black Horse for a farewell drink
We are working this weekend..  I hate this! boss says we are gonna be LIVE soon and so.. atleast I am gonna give a damn next week!
We aren't going. Last minute cancellation. For those of you at Scrapin, or almost there...twit pics!! Was really looking forward to it 
We boarded the plane and THEN they tell us about a hour delay.  Were going to sit for a while  in Euless, TX http://loopt.us/zDnTWw.t
We broke ONTD again 
we broke up last nyt 
we brought 10 neon fish and came home 2 find zero....  JUSTIN HAS MEAN FISHES
We came home last night to Molly limping with her right front leg.  Don't know what happened.  She is still doing it this morning.  
We came in that way!!! Daddy had to carry me a lot cause I got tired  http://tinyurl.com/n3mppz
we can do this all over again tomorrow when i wake up! i'm waiting on video two to load 
we can get a temporary tattoo. I would be totally sad if he died. 
we can't decide what we want to eat...........so hungry! but both so indecisive.. 
We can't find Jude. We haven't been able to find him since everyone got here. 
we can't find the second jurassic park 
we can't have only two guys saying one thing in order to trend 
We can't seem to find a cheap hotel in Pigeon Forge.  Maybe we won't get to go vacationing!  NOOOO!
We changed vendors for our snack machines, and the new ones don't take debit! 
We continue with various projects, but also start saying goodbye. 
We decided to go down to the river. now chillin with my feet in. Jacob caught a fish. when he returned it, floating it was 
We did different stuff! Like paint and go to the park. I was opened up to another side of dating. I kind of miss her. 
We did not find the book that we need for our assignment. How sad. 
we didn't end up going.      going 2 brittannie's house soon.
we didnt get a new doggie... we called and he had already been adopted.      so i will keep looking for perfect poodle 2 add 2 our family
we didn't have any cake  and my nails look terrible. not a good day for me.
We don't fix my home computer 
We don't have a dog.  Nana has a dog!  We don't have a dog 
We don't have an Algebra teacher yet  Ms. Fattie for Geom, she sucks she wants us to fit 5 answers for the MC on 1/16. are you crazy?
we don't have any bacon in my house. 
We dont have early dismissal tomorrow  totally sucks
this weekend was heaps crap  plus, school tomorrow, fantastic.
This weekend was just not long enough 
this weekend was so cool..slept only 4 h this night :/ tomorrow german class test  then i endured all class tests for this school year 
this weekend was too fun! new work week 
This weekend wasn't right without the romey.  We miss you.
this weekend went by too fast! 
This weekend's gonna be rainy and gross?  
This weekend's wrestling shows are canceled. 
This weeks gonna drag, four more days of doing sod all, before I leave for London.. I've also finished watching every season of entourage 
this weeks Greys is off to a rather sad start  ok, so i'm a bit late watching it
This whole iPhone business is making me crazy!!! Have to go back to the Apple store 
this whole iphoto face recodnition doesnt work as advertized 
this whole job hunt thing isn't going very well 
THIS WHOLE NICE CRAP AINT COOL BY ME. I tryyyyy. 
this whole situation has got me stressed, anxious, &amp; not feeling well. ugh 
this whole swine flu thing is starting to worry me 
This whole tweeting under my real name thing is sorta scary. So much need for self-censorship 
this will be my earliest tweet so far.  Throat is killing. bed today I think 
this will be the longest 7 hours of work ever... so sore &gt;.&lt;... so tired &gt;.&lt; WHY DO THEY MAKE ME WORK 8 HOURS AFTER I GOT OFF 
this will probably hurt me more than it will hurt u 
This Wired article should have mentioned R, but didn't  http://tr.im/mNON #rstats
this wisdom tooth is giving me the worst headache of my life 
this woman just propper looked me up and down like i was stupid 
This woman on Millionaire is a bit of an embarassment to music teachers.... 
this work is taking It's sweet time 
This work is taking wayyy longer than it should! 
This world is a crazy place to live in these days... 
This would be a good time for San Diego... but it's such short notice. 
This wrist aint getting any better 
this X wont get off my hand for nuthin 
This year: family stuck at home while I blow 'n go to meetings by air.    But you can see previous years' fun at http://tinyurl.com/bgtrip
This years lollapalooza is making me want to go 
This year's Oktoberfest is in Georgia, but I don't have a BMW anymore  Anyone want a 92-98 E36 3-series Bentley manual?
this yoghurt is not yummy 
this: http://bit.ly/CCjBc  cheered me up for the 3 minutes but i just keep thinking how sad ill be if angel is gone 
thniking of my man. School 
thnks his jeans just might be blue..... 
THNX FOR FOLLOWING ME ;) NOW TELL UR PPL TO FOLLOW MEEE!! MY FOLLOW COUNT IS LOW  @JStuckWorldtour
Thnx for prayers, he is doing ok after hours of surgery last night and day in ICU, lots of broken bones &amp; cut spleen 
Thnxs mi future nurses helpin me pk ish n diggin in my closet tryna steal some clothes....lol...thanks ya!!! Dont wanna leave Monday 
thomas has goneee 
Thomas: Too warm again. Screw this weather 
Thorlo Experia micro mini are probably my new favorite socks. Too bad they're $13.99 per pair. 
thoroughly bored at work! only 4 hours left 
Thoroughly DISTRAUGHT at the fact Atari will be in Europe no longer 
Thoroughly fed up this evening. REALLY F.E.D. U.P.  Wish stress would vanish from my life. If only.
Those 4 shots of expresso worked low key... I can't sleep 
Those animal cruelty commercial things are so cute 
those are the times when i wish i was in school!! 
Those ass holes didn't even give us a warning and now I have a choice I can eat or try to pay for my apartment I can't afford  Life blows
Those Chi Waver things look so cool but it would literally take me like 2-3 hours to do that my hair is so thick.  *SAD*
Those FUCKING ASSHOLES!! That poor little girl!! RIP Khyra. 
Those noise leaking white ipod earphones are a plague on society released by apple 
those of you who are wondering...we lost our flipcam and haven't been able to record King's Carriage episodes..sorry  it'll be fixed soon!
Those peanuts made me feel not good 
Those photons couldn't be emmited any slower 
Those poor people in the D.C. Metro crash 
Those sun rays totally just woke me up. I hate waking up before my alarm  22minutes before 
Those that have ever had a Canker Sore knows how much pain I'm in right now. 
Those who would give up Essential Liberty to purchase a little Temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety. #iranelection US too 
though a little bummed I couldnt watch it with my brothers like old times 
Though I wanted to go to the art museum from now.I wont in tim e for closing and the exhibition was already over that I wanna  saw…  
though i was disappointed that @KavuBob spotted my cunning placement of @cdmilligan's leftover tat on his desk quite so quickly 
Though i'm thinkin now that i should have brought another jacket 
though my posts disappeared 
though there is no home there, Rene is completely home sick for Cardiff  she feels like she will cry when she thinks about it
Thought brittany said ben cook for a second 
Thought da I could handle it... but I really can't... I misssss...... so much!!! 
Thought for my day - &quot;Love Makes Life Beautifyl. Mine is ugly yet...&quot;  
thought having your own place was meant to be fun fun fun 
Thought I 4got my ipod was gonna have to have it send fedex 2 the hotel! I feel as tho I may get a lecture on packing earlier going 4wd 
Thought I cld go home for the weekend but all flights r bookd. Sad 
Thought i finished work at 1 but noooo i finish at 130. Only half an hour, but still 
thought I found 99X on my radio in the office but was actually Project 961. Not as good. 
Thought I had 2 suitcases, but alas, only 1  Gonna have to buy another before I leave. Boo~
thought i had a setup to get some tuna, but turned out i was wrong. 
Thought I lost my phone and almost cried  Luckily it was in the backseat of my car where I left it!! Haha!!
Thought I might have a chance of winning an iPhone gift card from #squarespace. That is until I saw #squarespace has 35k followers! 
Thought I was feeling better so we went out. Now I feel worse and can't sleep 
Thought I was fully back in land of the living. Turns out I've come back as a zombie. Not nearly as well as I fooled myself into thinking 
Thought I was getting boiling crab  haha guess were settling for cajun corner
thought i was getting my car back today... not so 
Thought I was going crazy... The (labs) option in Gmail to default to reply-to-all was removed. Got very used to having that in feature. 
Thought I was going to bed until I had a moment and @leanderisme is not responding to me! 
thought i was going to bed.. but decided to get work done.. guess it's an all niter 
thought I was going to bike to farmer's market with my momma, but she is nowhere to be seen 
Thought I was going to get up and work on some things due tomorrow...pretty much not happening...scheduled Mad Dash for tomorrow 
thought i was ready. but i think i changed my mind  
Thought I was sleepy. Now I can't sleep. 
Thought I would feel better, apparently not 
Thought I'd been brave and changed my pic last night, but twitter doesn't seem to like it 
Thought it was gr8 getting out of hospital early, but I was given an entire case to write up for tomorrow!! Wonderful! 
Thought it was thursday this whole time.. 
thought it would be interesting to get F1 updates from Twitter, slightly regretting the decision, I can't see anyone elses's updates 
thought jensen was going to get pole, beaten at the last minute 
Thought maybe when I turned on the computer this morning it would magically reappear...yeah, right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
thought my Pokemon: The First Movie VHS with original Mewtwo card was worth more than it was.  http://plurk.com/p/rk19a
thought my subtantial breakfast would keep me going longer than this. HUngry already! 
thought she was beginning to relax but feels like hitting something again. 
thought sleeping in was an option tomorrow but realizing that it now is not. evaluations in the morning and work in the afternoon! 
thought that was the post then.. turns out it was a free paper 
thought that when you got married... you didn't have to eat dinner by yourself anymore   and I have another 3 weeks of this...
Thought the bitch was gone but she came back...ugh this headache is killing me 
thought the car was fixed, but guess not. FML! 
Thought the game started at 9. Missed the 1st qtr 
thought the heater was on, making her room delicious, but returned to an ice cave  DAMN WINTER!
Thought there was a sallys wher I live but no for hair and beauty trade 
The start of little five week! Ready to party? Too bad I'll be stuck in the library for most of it 
the start of my day was finding a lump on my body... went to the hospital... apparently its nothing! fewfffff! bloodtests suck...  haha
The state of the black male is in damn SHAMBLES hopefully my Twttr Fam n baby bro's don't let me down  I'm giving BM's one more shot
The stavs were robbed not in the top three your having a recount, actually who gives fuck, only had two drinks today unfortunately timed 
The stimulus bill is anti small business. Grants not contracts. They were able to avoid the small business provisions. 
the stomach is killing me. i wish nick was here. i've been in bed all day can't eat 
The storm lasted a mere 2 minutes. 
The storm outside is gone away...But the storm inside myself is still here... 
the storms went away they just passed over boo hoo 
the story about ariza's brother really touched my heart.  poor baby. RIP Tajh Ariza. [MissK]
the story about flight AF 447 is awful, omg 
The strangest thing, I think, about suburbs, is that all the buildings are short. And there are no trees. 
The stratus is going bye bye today  i loved that car in high school #fb
The stray dog in the park has gone. Some idiots phoned and complained about him so he was picked up. I know what they do to them after 
The streetcar is packed. It cane late 
the stress in my life is causing my hair to fall out in epic proportions 
the stupid AT&amp;T lady was right. i will have to pay full price ($599) for the iPhone 3GS.... yeah, not going to happen  My heart is broken
The stupid freakin movie is sold out!? Grrr people should pick a different movie! 
The stupid Italian-American festival at the fairgrounds is interrupting my sleep. I'm a crabby pants 
The stupid kettle doesn't work  all it does is slightly warm the water. Booo. I need coffee!
the stupid sidekick can't get free ringtones. *sigh* i want my iphone back. 
the stupid song on the video didnt work  poo poo 
The suckage on Yahtzee continues.  It is so bad.  
The sucky part abt livin an hour away from school? If you're late, you're screwed! I'm late. Class starts in 15 n I'm just leaving 
the summer is here!!!...*runs to window*...oh 
the summer seems to have started...humid night and a sticky morning. unfortunately,  NO air-conditioning at school &amp; a french test today 
The summer solstice &amp; longest day today. From now on the days get shorter. It kind of feels like downhill to winter 
the summerbash thing in chicago is on the same saturday as the ACT. it sounded amazing. im pissed. 
the sun  and am in work
the sun didn't show up... 
The sun dont shine forever  so when the rain comes grab an umbrella and hold me like you'll never let me go 
the sun has been far too hot for my liking today, oh dear oh dear 
The sun has come up to show just how much i flooded the neighbours garden and filled their pool with sand 
the sun has disappeared 
The sun has gone  but i'm getting loads done &amp; it's still friday 
The sun has gone in 
the sun hates me  more aftersun for me...
the sun in finally shining n I'm stuck at work! 
The sun is back out and still people moan  l give up...
the sun is gone 
The sun is gone  nooooooo
The sun is not cool 
The sun is out and I am stuck in a lab with no windows all day 
the sun is out and nobody has time for me! 
The sun is out what a lovely day it is &amp; I'm indoors at work 
The sun is out, the 'Fro is flowing free.  Should be out having fun but alas, one is stuck in the lib-ra-ree 
The sun is out, there's (some) cold beer in the fridge.... Damn! I've got to go to work... 
The sun is out. I want to be out in it but not alone! What a bugger 
The sun is out. It is Saturday. I am on call 
Thought there wouldn't be homework sundays after AP testing 
Thought this being a 4-day week would make Tuesday more bearable. I was wrong 
Thought this winter would be quiet on gaming front. Doesn't look like that anymore with everything coming from E3 now. Gonna be broke 
Thought today is a Sunday. 
Thought today was the first day for bio, turned out it was yesterday. Stupid paper 
thought Twilight the movie could've been sooooo much better.  i'm disappointed 
Thought upon waking: Shit. I can't wait until this is over 
thought..we will all die someday ..thats sad  ..guess we have to enjoy life..
thoughtful...and sad 
Thoughts and prayers are with my good friends  the Chisler family.   deeply saddened by the loss of such a great person today
Thoughts and prayers go out to those who lost loved ones in the Air France crash. So tragic 
thoughts and prayers to your god are welcome and apprecited. 
thoughts are with the AF crew &amp;  pax 
thoughts out to Vicki (MOM) who just hit a deer in her Stage 3 Roush 
thousand miles of walking today. 
Thre end of the nfight  iughhh fuckkkkk thissssssss http://twitpic.com/6bbyj
thread got stuck in a knot in the front! i was doing so well... 
thread keeps breaking, dunno why. worked for the first hour of sewing! 
Threads are stupid  
Three days back into the same crappy weather thats leaving NY now.  Torrential down pours and thunderstorms 
THREE DAYS LEFT! but i had a horrible math exam today 
Three days since my last tweet and no concern? I could have been dead peeps! The reality is I forgot my password 
Three days until our holiday and Hannah gets struck down with the flu. Typical 
the sun is shining again!!!!!! shame that its not as nice as it is in florida 
The sun is shining again, but i'm stuck at work all day 
The sun is shining and I have to go to library 
the sun is shining and im stuck in the house 
the sun is shining and i'm stuck in the office all day 
The sun is shining and I'm stuck in work 
The sun is shining, gotta get to work 
The sun is shining, i'm getting a tan and all i'm seeing in front of me is.....chemistry revision. Well that puts a dampner on things 
The sun is shining, the birds are singing, and there's not a cloud in the sky, what a perfect day to... Go over Promissory Estoppel 
The sun is shining... by the time im out of work itll be raining! 
The sun is shining...... makes me feel happier just looking at it.... but Heather goes home later 
the sun is shining...should be a nice day...and i have to study 
THREE DAYZ LEFT. I can't wait. 
three glasses. lightweight 
three hours 
Three hours of sleep = not enough to be friendly. TB test this morning 
Three legged deer still alive  he's so skinny and sick tho. Ugh poor guy!
Three little guppy left 
THREE MORE CHAPTERS TO GO. (I wish this had to do with writing but alas, it does not  )
three more days of no life  missed trinity's do, Sam's do and nearly chopped off my finger on the overlocker.
three more seizures, that makes nine in less than 24 hrs. 
three nights of attempts and no cigar... General Vezax hurts  #wow
three out of four i-phones came in to the office today. Mine was not one of them  - not sure what the deal is.
three out of the six cases are from my beloved alma mater  http://bit.ly/12aAgR
three things why I hate this day....:  1.it was stupid in the school 2.I have tons of Learning 3.today, I have no time for my friends... 
Three tracks to write to.. bunch to record... next week its all work, no play for one month... 
Threeee bug bites 
three-ish days  i can't waitttttt!
Three-ply tissue and a killer headache. 
three's a crowd. 
threethreethree. - hellorhiannon: Aw I never even thought of Edward Cullen! That’s a good one aswell!  http://tumblr.com/xko1z78wo
threw an awesome baby shower for my ls today came home and crashed, woke up at 1am and now I cant go to sleep 
threw my back out drying my legs after the shower   this sucks 
threw my back out! wonderful 
Threw out her back playing with Jayla and can't move right now! Awesome! 
threw up 
Threw up a tiny bit,  I was dizzy at first and I didnt knoww who i was tallking to and my brother gave Me water, i think im ok, but i
the sun is slowly going away  uh gutted.
The Sun is up !!!!! and i have to study   but its okay !!!
The sun isn't coming up...my tomato plant is growing. 
The sun isn't shining today 
the sun just doesn't like me.  burnedddd
The sun likes to play hide and seek in Liverpool 
The sun only always shines on TV, actually 
the sun stopped shining.  now its all gloomy.
The sun us shining back home but there is oil seed rape in the field behind and I feel so sick with the smell 
the sun will come out tomorrow tomorrow....oh wait no it won't, or the next day or the next day...or the week 
The sunflower probably got too much water, that's a damn shame. It was such a nice flower 
The suns gone and so has the hot weather 
The suns out again - what a bonus! lots to do today and problems over night with systems 
the suns starting to go in  im getting coldddd!
The sunshine has got here at least whoopie. I cant keep up with all the tweeting trends thingys... 
The Swanage fieldtrip is legendary for carnage, it's the only reason I chose Geography... pity my uni doesn't run it  #theinbetweeners
the swimming pool is officially dead.  
The swine flu has spead to bayonne  they closed a downtown public school cause of it!
The switch to digital caused my TV to be all staticky when I play SMB. 
The switcher died in the middle of the service... That's always good when just a couple thousand people are watching 
the tab button wont work on my computer  oh well bed time
threw up on the airplane  ugh. im so embarrassed. i want my mommy. haha
threw up. 
throat feels heavy...tired...so stressed  + can't wait to get away from here... 3more weeks til i explore asia!!
throat feels like someone is trying to shove a brick down it. 
throat got a little worse... noooooes!! 
throat infection 
Throat is killing me! I never get sick in the winter, but always seem to pull off a really bad sore throat in summer. 
throat is reallyyyyy sore , i can barely talk 
Throat is sore   Also going to need tons of coffee today...
Throat kills. . . 
Throat sore, nose runny... just in time for a trip abroad- typical 
Throat still fucked  in bed watching Italy vs n Ireland , bored bored bored , wanna be getting fucked up !
Throat still sore &amp; voice still not right 
throat still sore couldnt eat some yummy steak and potato bake  nor some really yummy looking choc cake and cheesecake or slice 
throat still sore, sigh 
Throatache 
Throbbing has subsided a little, now if I could only put a shoe on 
throbbing head ache.... 
through in front of my high school and saw the guys with blue jacket. aaah i miss high school so bad 
Throughout the 4 hr class I had today I was thinking about playing more Persona 3.&amp; instead of playing it when I came home, I get tied up 
Throwdown in my kitchen. My brother ate the last vanilla pudding pop. And the only kind i like. Sad 
Throwing a hissy fit over off meat may be justified, but now I'm too scared to go back there. And I want choccie biscuits! 
throwing against a wall didnt help  expect a plea for phone numbers in the near future, or a response of &quot;who is this&quot; if you txt me!
Throwing away the bossen flowers, they are dead  Zit natuurlijk weer onder het stuifmeel, damn those lilies!
throwing in the towel in 3.......2.......1..... 
throwing up for 9 hours = least fun time ever. went to the doctor yesterday. apparently i have norwalk virus. shots suck. 
Tht is sooo crzy i love six flags 
The tall hispanic Aaliyah-looking chick was pretty damn fine, too! I could never rock those damn eyebrows... 
The tamale already hurts 
The tanzmanian devil is now on the endangered species list 
The Taper has begun... tho' to look at my plan you wouldn't know it 
the taste of maplewood was a joke 
The tea I made yesterday is all gone.  Guess I'll make more tomorrow!
the teachers hate me at school  lol
The tech was ok she just didn't know the computer system too well and that x-ray stamp thing I missed you 
The technology is rebelling against me this week...  Xbox 360 red ring of death, IPhone 3.0 upgrade FAIL, sql 2000 &quot;quirks&quot;... 
the techs wouldnt let me tweet in xray  waiting
The temperature here in western PA fell into the 20's over night   wow that is cold for May
The theme for this week is...rain 
The themes are: imaginary friend, aliens, pirates and self-portrait. The last one isn't much of a problem, but the rest... ugh. Help? 
The thing about living with 4 Danes and 2 Swedes is that you never know what they're saying about you while you're in the same room... 
The thing i want to do is impossible  i want to go in LA or NY ...
the thing is im really want to have a better life!!! haih.... 
the thing that I hate about Sundays is that you know you gotta go to school the next day 
the things i do 4 youth dpt @ church... gotta try 2 remember still i rise all over again 2 perform nxt sunday 
The things I do for my health  Oh for the love of JC.
The things I have done since I have been home. Cut alot of grass , play alot of basketball , and miss someone so much 
The things that I wanna say, but you're a million miles awaaay... 
The things we do for our GIRLS....tee-tee worked til midnight straightening, trimming, and curling hair. Now we have a 45 min drive home 
The things you dooo makes me keep runnin to youuu... member that classic Bad Boy sound.. I miss that.... 
thta ok Raven i usually tweet myself 
Thu AM: 11 miles @ Stanford. Oak Creek with McGlynn and Silver in 67. Then ran 800m on the track in my spikes in 2:01. Didn't break 2... 
thumb fucking hurts now 
thumbs are hurting from all this twittering on blackberry 
Thunder  I'm scared..I need a hug.. Joeee! lmao ;)
Thunder &amp; lightning! But I want 2 sleep 
Thunder and lightening! Seems like the sunny days are over.....for now at least. 
thunder and lightning 
thunder and lightning and its pouring in surrey, i'm gonna get soaked 
Thunder and Lightning oh yeah, too bad I don't have time to go outside 
Thunder and lightning please don't ruin my tennis workout 
thunder is scary 
thunder just shook my house 
thunder might ruin our plans 
Thunder Mountain!!!!!! My feet hurt REALLY bad! 
Thunder storm   the lights or off .
Thunder storms tonight! Win. Though getting absolutely drenched without notice earlier was not fun 
thunder woke me up .. now im spooked 
thunder&amp;lightening was so close like .01 of a second apart! and it made my house shake  and therefore am now shattered!!
Thunder, lightning and a monsoon. 2miles to strike point me finks. Nice. 
thunder, lightning and strong rain passing by my place right now. startled me from a real good sleep 
Thunder. Lightening.  I cant sleep
Thunder. Lightning. No rain.  #fb
thunder? it's sunny, but the clouds are going black. ugh  and today was so good as well!
thundering &amp; hail 
thundering again  glad i ran earlier
Thundering and Lightning outside...Not looking good for my brother's graduation tomorrow 
Thunder's here! 
Thunders storms, heavy rain and power glitches! Where has the sun gone 
Thundershowers plus baseball equals awwww 
thunderstorm + nervous yorkie = sleepless night.  
thunderstorm forecast on opening day  PARISUKAT  4-30 Jun 2009
Thunderstorm.. Emphasis on the thunder. No one here to hold me.. 
Thunderstorms have ruined my plans 
thunderstorms like this are terrifying. make it go away 
Thunderstorms ruined our park plans 
Thunderstorms today, got 3 dogs freaking out. Seems it's the ones who lived in an outside kennel before arriving here  Poor little guys!
The thought of coursework is just depressing meeeee! 
the thought of it makes me cringe.... 
The thought of no Call of Duty 4 tonight is very, very depressing 
The threadless sale got me  4 shirts!
The three clubs I detest most in the world are the last three left in the FA Cup. 
The three muskateers bambi selz n lips miss da old days  i miss those trannys (no homo)
The thunder and lightning woke me up.      can't fall back asleep now!
the thunder is scaring me 
the thunder is starting to roll on in....wish i was home 
The thunder woke me up   and my power just went out.... Back to sleep i go... And woooow the thunder is LOUD
The thunder woke me up  I hate sleeping alone for reasons as such....
the thunderstorm cut off my electricity 
The Thursday movie was Brokeback Mountain, which was actually really terrible.
The tickets issueing is still not functioning http://www.ticketslk.com/  #fail and sltickets.com doesn't have the movies.. 
The Tigers are tearing my heart out. 
The tile is done and it turned out great! Mom and Dad leave tomorrow morning back to Springfield. 
The Time Capsule's rightful owner came looking for it, I had to give it back.... 
The time stamps on the tweets I'm following are all three hours late.  
the time traveler's wife is 1 heck of a bk but from the trailer it doesn't seem to translate well on the big screen  http://bit.ly/12aJBc
the time you go to bed,  i have to get up to go to work 
the times they are a changing 
The Times' top 50 best movie villains: http://tr.im/pH1C - Hannibal not being 1st is pure mockery 
The timing for this debacle could not be worse. 
the titanic exhibit was awesome. i survived the trip, but my brother died. 
The toaster tried to kill me.  I have a really terrible burn on my wrist now.  
The Toddler has decimated my tiny baby tomato plants. 
The tomato sonoran spice pasta I grabbed the other day isn't bad. I just wish I had found a better sauce for it. 
the tomato soup part of the spaghettios doesnt taste as delicious as usual 
The tonight show won't be as funny. Goodbye Jay Leno 
The Tony Awards are overrr. Missed it.  I hope they show it in Manila soon. Yay Alice Ripley!!
THUNDERSTORMS UGGG HATE THEM SO MUCH AND HAIL THE SIZE OF GOLF BALLS AHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! 
Thunderstorms yesterday, more on the way. Looks like I won't be online much again today.  HAPPY FATHER'S DAY to all the dad's out there!
thunderstorms!! come baaaaaack 
thunderstorms.  really loud, really close. freakin me out.
Thunderstorms......good cuddle weather!!! Minus the cuddler 
thursday  i hate thursdayys  feeling  weird tired and missin my hubby
Thursday can't come soon enough.. I miss Joshua 
Thursday... wow, this week is crawwwwling by.  
Thursday? But I still have 2 more days to work 
Thwarted by more work! No gym today. 
Thx @JVB!  I know it won't be the same without ya 
Thx 4 Followers  ,, Tomorrow Junior High School 
Thx 4 the wellwishes ladies! (also hot rugby boys!!) 1st day is going swimmingly, though...I AM THE ONLY BOY!! No hot work sexxin for Raz 
Thx a lot to @SEXY_SINGER23 for the spoiler  I'm going to grub and go to sleep
Thx to my wife have day off. She lock keys inside house. Brilliant. 
Thx you bff, you're one of that only persons in the bad times... 
The tops from Future State are nice but why 40% off for 2nd piece not the 1st piece??? So not good 
the tornado missed me this time, but hit the county below me  Hopefully everyone is okay. (#peterfacinelli)
the tornado missed me this time, But hit the county right below me  Hopefully everyone is okay.
The toro's came out today and I have no money.. 
The Tower Burger is finished.  
the town I am in today is so bland. The hotel is even worse...yuck.   I feel gross just being indoors right now.
the traffic for DC is terrible 
The train is broken tonight 
The train is finally running again. 
The trainis leaking on me.  
The traitor scores again in stoppage time. USA 1-3 Italy. Game over 
The trampoline was..... Wet  Damn it!
The trending topics are kind of lame tonight...someone make up a new one please. 
The Trey Crasseux Remix is better but not on here  ♫ http://blip.fm/~8jd3k
The Tribe blow a 7-0 lead to the Cubs and lose 8-7?!! I'm feeling a migraine coming on. 
The trip to Sudan has been canceled  I know that God has a reason for everything.
the trouble with a guy bringing you movies? Clone Wars, Star Trek, Stone of Destiny, Sanctuary...where's the chick flicks,man? 
The trouble with tweeting about-Iran: http://tinyurl.com/monc5k ?   Are we doing more harm than good? I don't know.  
The truth is that i don't understand a god Damn fucking thing anymore. And... I need more than this. I always did. I'm sorry...  good bye.
The twins loath their bid for a perfect season 
The TwitScoop is looking pretty grim right now: &quot;fired&quot; &quot;gunfire&quot; &quot;militia&quot; &quot;protesters&quot; &quot;shooting&quot; &quot;wounded&quot; 
the twitter fail whale has already made two appearances today 
the twitter front page is full of chotu umbrella icons. no sign of rain yet here. me bored and no one is talkin to me 
The Twitter Hackers are out today- Let's all Pray for them! They obviously have NO life and must be lacking any social skills! Poor thugs 
Thx2James I missed Chrisette's full set   Musiq is on and he's singing a song making me uncomfortable &quot;damn... I just want my friend back&quot;
Ti ti. Booking it home  fun w chickies! Xo
Tia finally called. It's a bad sprain.  She has to stay off it for 5 days! Dang... she was serious! She's home and LOTRO can commence!
Tian is gone again 
Tiananmen anniversary unimportant to Chinese youth  http://ow.ly/8tNm
tick tock.. only 2 hours and i will be at home.. soo sad 
Ticket for #fotb purchased. Missed out on the mega early prices though 
Tickets for tomorrow nights QI cancelled  I blame @stephenfry  - and I can't go for when they offered other tickets
tickets to brand new are completely sold out. fuck my life 
tickets to Paris: done; pre b'day cakage: done; finish work: err...still too much to do 
Tickle did turn worse.  Not something I can't live through, but not fun either...
tidak menemukan cd album 'off the beaten path' nya dave koz di disc tarra citraland 
Tidyin' up my messy room and then just go out for a walk. I don't wanna study today 
Tidying my room  got loads to do.
Tidying my room  urghh will take me hours!!!!
tidying the house is hard work. Done upstairs, now its downstairs  think ill get breakfast first
the twitter world doesn't want my embrace  @jlevantmusic
the Two Words... Epic Win video got more comments last year, giving me a reason to watch it more/cry from laughing. i miss them 
The ultimate highs and lows. One of my best friends getting married. Then Im off to a funeral 
The universe is against me I cannot got that damn People issue to save my life!  I want my Chace!!!
the update isn't downloading particularly quickly  #iphone
The update of TweetDeck has done more damage than good 
the upgraded #tweetdeck is not marking my &quot;all friends&quot; tweets as seen (sad smiley face) 
The vain they stuck my IV in is swollen &amp; its hitting my nerves in my wrist. Hurts so damn bad,  OWWWWWIIEEEEEE!!!!!!!! 
The Vatican's 2007 Processus Contra Templarios does not say very much about the trial of the templars.  
the Venice place called me back, but it's actually ON Venice by Lincoln... 
The Veronicas - Popular. A song NOT about me. 
the veronicas seem tiny. now i feel like a whale. im not even 5 foot 
the vespa dealer is on vacation until tuesday, and cann't even get near the tables at the riio because they need all the space for the 1k 
the vet said that, my cat Gizmo, is in the last period of her life, and that the weeks of her life are now numbered...      
The video heads on my camera are dirty, so all I get is a pixelated image when I try to import it. 
the video of ma'isha i made didn't turn out too bad, at all! too bad i didn't know we could film, sooner. all i got was the end. 
The video that was shot with me talking about cars has taken so long because it hasn't been a great year for car companies to sponsor it 
the vido is so lovely and then jus sooo sad at the end 
'The View ' hates twitter 
The Vogue model Miss Rachel is out  Merh ...
The voice of Mickey Mouse hath passed away  http://tinyurl.com/ocq37g
The voting link is playing up again  Sometimes I can get straight on and other times the link is broken  Its so annoying
The wait for the updated iPhone (@iphone) software is almost unbearable - so sad and geeky but I don't care! - 6pm feels like years away 
The wait is killing me...want to get a new PC but there are so many new things coming out...so I will wait until Christmas 
The waiting room is emptying out....can this chick call my name please??? I wanna get 2 chick-fik-a 4 breakfast 
the waking up....it hurts....today is gonna be a litre of mother day, I can tell already...2 more days till sleeping in, 2 more days!! 
The Wall Street Journal is reporting that Steve Jobs received a Liver transplant 2 months ago. 
The warmth and the sun have returned.  transplanting strawberries today, may do that as a story for the show.  lost a daphne this winter 
The warriors lost 18-10  but at least i had fun hanging out with everyone!
the was not there..wtf..wanna see her on friday..but it'll cost so much..just 4 an autog. mhh dont know what 2 do 
The water in my pool seems warm if only it was warm ebough to go in 
The water is cold as hell and it feels good. No good looking girls though 
The water is not as high as one would like down here.  no fishing today.
The way i still miss your voice makes me wanna fucking choke and die 
The way life works is crazy and i just want to sleep right now but i have to go back to work t 3 
The way they break is that: you can only hear from the other earphone!!! I hate when that happens!!!   &amp; I can't get any new ones anymore!
The weapons are OUT in Iran | Be safe ma dear friends  -  http://twitpic.com/7gilr
the weatha is stil rubish   were has the sun gone ? lol x
The weather changes so erratically... 
The weather does not make me want to go sit in an office all day 
the weather guy said it was supposed to be nice out , and its kinda cold and the sun is not really out 
the weather has eaten away my evening walk 
The weather in Cali might rain for the 2 days that I'm there.  What's the opposite of a rain dance?
the weather in kent is horrible 
the weather in LA is ooglayy 
The weather is always nice when I have to work  Has to be done I suppose...
the weather is an asshole.....  ..... need some big hugs......
The weather is beautiful here and I am still sick   BUMMER  Just par for the course for me!  At least the Memorial Golf Tourney lucked out
The weather is bringing me down 
The weather is cold and I don't like it 
The weather is dancing in Edinburgh. What a wonderful morning we had and now... http://bit.ly/qsp84 
The weather is dead nice, can't believe i have to work till 5 
The weather is driving me insane...lights off lights on 
The weather is getting worse every minute.. brrrr, it's getting colder 
The weather is getting worse instead of better... It's currently pouring 
the weather is good mmm what to do today??? shame working tomorrow 
the weather is gorg todayy (#) ,, to bad im in skwl 
The weather is gorgeous &amp; I'm stuck inside revising.  Boyfriend has gone home for the weekend.  I'm sad 
The weather is gross outside. It puts me in a bad mood. 
the weather is hot outside! and I stay at home studying  still 1 week then I'll be on holiday =D
Tie a dark time for sports, nothin but baseball on sportscenter  they are actually talkin OJ...preseason football is still 2 months away.
Tie game again. 
tied for 9th place at the state tournament...qualified for regionals in Houston...heck yeah!  goin to take abbie to the airport  iwmu!
tied our soccer game... we could've been in 2nd place 
Tiens, Sourceforge down !   http://is.gd/QSDI
tierd  + so much work to do  ugh this stress !!
Tierd and it's school tomorrow  Last week atleast 
tierd from judo training 
Tierd it's bad weather so we didn't bike to school today... So sad 
tierd.i just want to talk 
Tiffany Thiessen aka Kelly Kapowski  is holding out on the  Saved by the Bell Reunion   http://bit.ly/J1AEa
Tigard Dutch bros line is waaaaay too long. 
Tiger Woods just not playing well. Just missed a fairly easy birdie putt 
Tiger Woods, please get your act together before you piss away the 2009 US Open.... 
Tigers are sucking it up 
Tigers have lost 4 straight including back-to-back with the studs: Verlander &amp; Jackson.  That lineup, ugh. Let Hessman come hit HRs &amp; .200
Tigger lost his bounce. 
Tiggerk is still having upset tummy issues  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6823131
tiggies won! i love the tigers! great day...now back  to reality tomorrow 
Tight deadlines 
Tight schedule coming up ! 
Tight! I wish i woulda gone 
tiiiiiired... made an idiot of myself in a treasure hunt tonight... I accidently let everyone know where the balloon was...  silly me!
the weather is kind of ugly. 
the weather is lovely &amp; and nobody have time  and listen to music and must think on a lovely boy &lt;3
the weather is making me sad today 
The weather is now down pouring on my roller coaster day  who hates me? &lt;3 mandyyy
the weather is really yuck 
the weather is rubbish and looking out the window to the black sky 
the weather is shit  makin me feel dull
The weather is slowly but surely making its way back to coldness 
The weather is so crappy and cold and just generally upsetting 
The weather is so crazy...like in April......I want more sunshine.... 
The weather is so good but I have to work on my laboratory file 
the weather is so gross 
The weather is SO nice out and I'm at the airport booooo  Had a great time in NY!! Gonna miss you all!!! But I shall see you VERY soon LOL
The weather is too nice today to sit in college  still got 2 hours before i have to leave!
the weather makes me feel down 
The weather makes things so unbearable. I need to be out with an ice-cream instead. 
The weather matches my mood.... Dark Blue by Jack's Mannequin is playing in my head. Dunno if I should keep this relationship or not.... 
The weather report says it'll be 86ﾟF/30ﾟC tomorrow. I think im gonna die 
The weather right now is 75 degrees, but it feels like 90! California is definitely heating up now! 
tiika3 PHONE iiS FUCKiiNG UP AND THE SHiiT AiiNT COOL!! 
tikcets are only �91...each...BUT I SO WANT TO GO 
Tiko Rodgers is Sleeping on the bathroom tile cuz hes itchy, hes got an infection  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6890336
tile floors has some awesome pros, but when you're standing a lot it fucking sucks. my feet are so sore. 
till my triumphant return to QLD. also, have no idea how to do that thing you do soph.... the quotey reply type thing 
till now is good morning, but after 2 hours i don't know  maybe it will be the worst, and the consequence : bad week-end
Till when I have to listen to all that crap about me getting pregnant  khla9 it's not something I can do it 3ala kefe
Tillie moved the kittens again!! This time down the side of the fish tank, with like no room. Poor things. 
Tilt-shift time-lapse photography calendar: www.uniqlo.com/calendar/ - scenes from around Japan, very cool, wish I had that kinda gear 
Tim and Alex tried to throw me in the sea  Finished exams  and found that candy cigarettes won't light... don't ask...
tim minchin hosted ra-r-raa-raaa-rage (impersonation of the crazy &quot;rage&quot; voice) - i gave up at deep purple, couldn't stay awake 
TimBig G thinks im a spammer 
Time 2 face the wolves! I was supposed to be off work today, but duty calls  I'm grateful to have a job, I'm grateful to have a job...
Time 4 Bed, Up At Half 7  Night All!! xxxxx
Time 4 dinner! think i wanna b wined and dined today. Problem is: I dnt have anyone 
time 4 work 
time bomb. ouch. my throat hurts just listening to it.    i love this song though, and the jam makes up for it!!!
Time changes are no fun! 
time check!...... 9:07pm... dat?... it's june 19,2009!...... and its friday!... iwanna go out!... 
time check!...... 9:07pm... date?... it's june 19,2009!...... and its friday!... iwanna go out!... 
The weather sucks  let's do something fun in the rain!
the weather sucks  my haedache too ...
the weather sucks and i wanna stay in and watch movies,cuz i know i'm going for nothing at school 
The weather sucks here in the crowntown its coming down 
the weather sucks! rainy and cloudy  
The weather sucks, it's gray and rainy outside 
The weather sucks. And I'm hungry, but there's nothing to eat. 
the weather sux  my husband &amp; my son went to the funfair and i hope they�ll have fun although its raining and windy... i prefer twitter
The weather today is amazing...but I can't go outside it's so hot 
The weather today is awful!! 
the weather was well bad today, i aint seen anythin like it ! oh well. My knee and ankles hurt  xx
The weathers nice, schools over, and I'm kinda board already  I think I'll go to Germany  Now that sounds like fun, thats it I'm leaving
The website has really compounded my already crappy mood.I just want to cry &amp; go to bed  maybe watching something cute will help.But what?
THE WEBSITE IS GONE!! we still have our youtube, twitter and stickam, but the offical website is a goner.  :'(
the website lied! my cycle doesn't have any gears  it does have shock absorbers though! and looks like that 1!
The week goes so fast but the weekend goes faster  Monday again! But @britneyspears on Wednesday!!!!! Can't wait!!! X
the weekend  has gone by in a blur; and i can see Monday peeping smirkingly from the corner 
The weekend always goes by so fast. 
The weekend ended too quickly 
The weekend flew byyyy. 
The weekend goes by so fast 
The weekend goes by too fast 
The weekend goes so quick these days 
the weekend is almost over  doing some schoolwork... I really don't want to go to school tomorrow ... -.-
the weekend is almost over already. 
the weekend is almost over! 
The weekend is coming to an end.  I enjoyed a great weekend of sunshine!
WE DON'T HAVE MTV ANYMORE??????????? omg....this dish thing sucks! Can't watch the movie awards   
We don't have the &quot;Cough &amp; Cold&quot; Robitussin  I guess I'll have to take the &quot;Congestion&quot; one...
We drove past a street called &quot;Lambert&quot; and my sister was like &quot;look!&quot; and all of a sudden I got a craving for some Adam Lambert. 
We ended up going to Leatherbys instead last night and I have yet to chill my wine  I'm so looking forward to it too!
We finally get Rove on TV in the country, and they put it on too late for me on a school night 
We found a dead bunny in the backyard this morning   Rip little one .
We found a puppy!! He hasn't been neutered yet so we have to wait till Tuesday to get him.   http://twitpic.com/7rk0b
we found the crab..... 
We gave up 
We get NO breaks in Los Angeles. Wow... just wow. Missing 3s in clutch = you don't deserve to win. I'm sorry to say it... 
We get ripped off in Oz cause everything comes late! J.O.N.A.S doesn't come out till June 
We got a Kitten!We called it Gizmo....he's adorable, the dog doesn't think so 
we got big girl cable today! but, I'm booked solid for weeks and wont get to watch any of it until next year sometime  waaaa, poor me
we got BURNT at the park this afternoon 
We got disconnected!  from bein live
we got kicked out of ricc mall  sad!!!
We got kicked out of the press area 
we got outbid by $20,000. 
We Got Rained Out Today!!  We'll be Back!! Every 1st Saturday of the Month!! @ Full Throttle Customs!!
we got some bad ass storms coming our way!! 
Time flies fucking fast! I haven't done any progressive thing yet. 
time flies when you're having fun.. of course we're leaving the sun for more clouds &amp; rain 
Time flies. it makes me sad. U cant stop it from moving forward. U cant reflect &amp; live in the moment.I cant believe how fast life goes by 
Time for a clean up. 
Time for a cuppa and James bond whilst I conecto terms with the fact my tv isn't full HD 
Time for a nap!  Slept maybe 3-4 hours the entire night and it was restless at that.  Grrrr
time for a new phone... mine just broke. 
Time for a shower then off to work for the day 
time for a siesta now my sista has left the city...! 
Time for a smoke and c if there's any food left to fix for dinner. Pantry is drying up 
Time for an antihistamine methinks, and maybe a trip back to the doctors 
time for another shitty, boring Sunday. 
we got two free tickets to a baseball game tonight but they're 3 rows apart......  i guess we could twitter our conversation?
We got waaaaaaasted, 4-0. Not good 
We had a bear outside at work today!!  And I missed it cause I was driving to class   (What crazy bear wanders around downtown??)
We had a football match yesterday, it ended 2-2. But we didn't lost, so I don't care much. I wasn't there btw, I was ill 
We had a great party with a foam machine today at school! It was really fun except of the fact that my hair curled because it got wet 
We had a great school year! Boarders from 16 countries and grads heading 2 good universities. Congrats, we'll miss you all 
We had a great time!!! Lunch and a movie.... My little girl is growing up wayyyy too fast!!! 
we had a massive waterfight, chilled n i gt sunburnt cus i didnt put suntan lotion on. it stings  n i hurt ma feet walkin rnd bare feet
we had a mighty storm apparently! my poor baby tomato plants were not happy when I checked on them! 
We had a mouse in our house!  Ugh Just what I needed. I had to clean ALL over again! 
We had a slight drizzle today. That is going to make things get hot in Mumbai! 
We had a win but my vision is a little on the blurry side after copping a ball in the eye!!  
we had church in our fellowship hall this morning...storm knocked out the  AC in the sanctuary!  It was warm in there too!!
We had Dairy Queen in WV. I wanted to work there but I didn't get hired. 
we had sun for a few hours...I miss it so 
We had the day from Hell at work today. Ugh! 
we had to do work today in admin 
We had to leave the cat at the vet for surgery.  He has a hole in his rear end that need to be repaired.  
we have 5 million people in our country.... bored 
We have a cute chipmunk in our yard! But it's eating all our flowers 
we have a new server, many problems are coming up 
We have a Polo team , I think from the Police and the army 
We have a workshop in a fortnight to thrush out the details. Not sure what  the rest of the guys will think 
we have another driving session tomorrow morning at 8. but it's not with derek  it's w/ a lady.. we tried convincing him to take us.
We have arrived in the armpit of America! Screw New Jersey! It already stanks! 
We have internet, both working and routeable IPv4 &amp; IPv6, coffee at #ipv6summit .. but my laptop is running out of batteries  PoIPv6 any1?
we have middle of June already...... :o and no summer @ all 
The weekend is heading in quickly, woohoo. I need the break 
the weekend is long enuff 
The weekend is over 
The weekend is over .. 5 freakin' long days till next weekend 
The weekend is over, tomorrow @ Merida 
the weekend is too short 
The weekend I've been looking forward to for so long is over 
The weekend was waaaay too short  Waiting for Tweetie for Mac!
the weekend went by too fast...back to reality tomorrow. 
The weekends are not long enough! 
the weeknd was so, good...the girls' last night tonight 
The wegmens' ballpark is still new. But there's nothing interesting.  citifield and Yankee stadium are much better.
The wheather is great but .... yeah, working again 
The whole coursework situation is really not going as planned 
The Whole Harry Potter deal --- Now I wish that fuckers would just shut the fuck up about Harry Potter being evil...
The whole left side of my head hurts. My throat, my ear, the outside of my neck... Feels all swollen and uncomfortable. 
The whole SC to myself and no one to share it with 
the whole waiting list is scaring me. i'm just praying i get in janruary. let's just hope 77 is a lucky number 
the whole works.  i miss my family.
The wife had to get very angry with a 3 network operator before getting fobbed off. Hard sales for leaving customers.  Not good.
The wifey has gone home now 
The wifey just realized we didnt get a chance to have a Father's Day dinner - and she will be gone this weekend 
The WiFi on my iPhone stopped working today. It's out of warranty too 
The Wii is officially the only damn console that can't connect to the internet. WTF.  The DS connects.
The wind and rain seriously don't agree with my hair. 
The window I sit near in the office looks onto a golf course, which is putting me on a right downer cos it's sooo nice outside today 
We have no electricity 
We have no fruit in the house. 
we have no juice  water it is! COME ON HEALTHY lol 8-)
We have no power.  
We have the same holes in our hearts you and me &lt;3 
We have to go to Richmond today to order a birthday cake. I wish Jeremiah didn't have to work 3rd tonight. 
We have to move some wood today, more coming on Tuesday.  
we have to switch our boxes out. that means I lose storytellers kanye west &amp; the last 5 episodes of fosters! 
We have woodwork/woodshop/carpentry this year? Oh dear, I don't think I'm ready to lose a finger........... :| 
We havin' a slumber party yo. Most of everyones sleeping.... so lonely   I'm in new jersey!
We hit a bunnyyy  traumatized 
We hit a butterfly  
We just adopted a tiger! Only 150 left in the world  http://bit.ly/12Fbfg
we just broke up..... i wish i can survive without him 
we just finished bowling &amp; my 12 year old son beat me 
We just got back from Holiday Plaza where they had a hands-on Lego exhibition which the kids enjoyed. Oh to have a life! 
We just got back from Queen Creek. I was helping our cousins pack because they are moving to Florida tomorrow. Weak 
We just got home  gonna take a 1.5hr nap b4 starting the day- yikes!
We just got in from our midnight dig walk. So nice. It's scary to know that rapes have been taking place so close to here 
We just had a little blast of much needed rain, but I don't think there is any more coming... 
We just had a power cut  Stupid people! Back up and running now!
we just had a very very late dinner I have so much work and an early morning stupid group meeting 
Time for bed - not seeing the end of Con Air  
time for bed  work at 4.30 am  fun times :/
Time for bed falling asleep long day tomorrow... Ima be so sore I can't already feel it.. 
time for bed i am sooo tired i hate weekends cos i work  but i can see @BouncingSoulsNJ tomorrow i can't wait!! they so so good live!
time for bed i have to work tomorrow  it sucks o well
time for bed now since i have to go to work tomorrow @ 9... way to early 
Time for bed! Work tomorrow 
Time for bed, 8-5 tomorrow 
time for bed, exams tomorrow!  time to wash the glitter off for the night, have a fabulous night everyone! &lt;3
Time for bed, good night twitters tomorrows gonna be a boring day  X
Time for bed, gotta wake up early tomorrow! It's gonna be a longgggg day 
time for bed, teeth are killing me  stupid braces and stupid elastics that i have to wear at night! oh well perfect teeth is all worth it
Time for bed.  Planning beau's fishing trip, cleaning kid rooms &amp; meeting with bug guy tomorrow.  That'll learn me  
time for bed. im mad thirsty though. boring day ahead of me. no bootz til next sunday. arrrrrrrrr!  whats an explora to do?
Time for bed. No power 
Time for bed. Up in 6hrs for a 3hr drive, 8hr OB, night away, another OB, another 3hr drive, then home for a day. Then repeat 
Time for bed. Work in the morning 
time for bed.. am so tired,, work tomoro 
The wine I can get..seems as tho the rubdown gon have to wait  *sighs* can't wait til Im married..wow can't believe I just said that lol
The winner of Britain's Got Talent is the dance group &quot;Diversity&quot; I'm bummed Susan Boyle didn't win! 
The winter is back !! and I hate it 
the wire on my braces is too long and is cutting through my cheek. farrrrrrrk it hurts 
The Wiz is on and my mother won't let me watch it 
The wolves look so bad. 
the woman talking on the @waff48 video is not very entertaining. Should have had Brad 
The woman who bashed a peacock with a bat gets a year in jail and a  two thousand dollar fine. The bird was squawking too much she said. 
The work I did to auto-copy the correct app config for diff development environments may not work 4 clickonce http://tinyurl.com/kq5c3o 
the work never ends 
The working day is officially over and I'm a lot closer to having completely no voice!  I sound like a man; and not a sexy one at that...
The world is a little less hopping with the loss of the Polka Grammys: http://tinyurl.com/oujkhe  
the world is going crazy ... i guess now they gone too far to back down 
the world is so mean  http://bit.ly/9ZXYa
The worse thing about this medicine is that I can't chase the chalk-cherry nastiness down with anything!  This stuffs G-R-O-S-S! #fb
The worst and annoying feeling in the world is when u lost ur key. Trust me. Sigh 
The worst bit about selling on eBay - wasting my lunch hour in the que at charing cross post office 
the worst day of my life!  
The worst earthquake I've ever felt  shit I got scared.
the worst feeling in the world is having your best friends leave for tour and you are busy up until the day they leave... IM SORRY GUYS 
we just tried to break the record for most Jaffa Cakes devoured in a minute...we failed! 
We just went out on the sea-doo. It was so much fun. I don't want to leave tomorrow 
We just went outside and Jason dented the golf cart. Alex is getting a whoopin when we leave. 
We know more about shopping for the latest gadgets then we do about growing our own fruits &amp; vegetables. Slightly worrying 
We let the baby rabbits go   its going to rain today. its such a GREAT day for a picnic.
We live in a dog eat dog world and I'm wearing milkbone underwear! Yep it's been one of those days  I want a do-over!
We lose  #Honduras
we lost  the game was over right before i scored UGH i only got one goal. 3-4
We lost 2-1 in the semifinals  but I scored.
We lost a Great Man and Actor. R.I.P David Carradine   1936-2009 http://bit.ly/12yJkx
we lost hockey 
We lost in the fourteenth inning    it was a crazy game.
We lost in the last inning, 3-2   going home now
We lost our first volleyball game  im so sad  that ref fucking sucked!
We lost our game   holly was here haha &lt;3
We lost our power at 10:30!  
We lost them 
we love that chronic-what-cles of narnia...sick  watching chronicles of narnia w. brendan haha
We made it through!! Unfortunately she's having to be around her Dad now. She's unhappy &amp; very uncomfortable!  But we'll be partying soon
time for breakfast...  no money in pocket!! :d lolzzz
time for chemistry....woopty freakin do!!! 
time for copious amounts of homework..and endless assessment study 
time for finals 
Time for home work 
time for housework 
Time for lunch! Pain in my left hand 
Time for lunch. I'm so craving spring rolls.... to bad we don't have a chinese near who delivers 
Time for me to drive.  going from mid sc to southern georgia.
Time for me to go home but its still raining outside.. 
time for me to go to sleep. i am exhausted and my knee kills 
Time for more Wii Fit!  It is so hot in our room... ugh 
time for my dose of pain killers, off to bed to have wierd dreams on meds 
Time for my ritualistic Friday night depression 
the worst migrane I've ever had  
the worst part about burning your tongue is not the pain, its losing the privilege to taste delicious food  darn it hot tea!
The worst part about laundry is ............................ folding all the clothes 
The WORST part about listening to music @ work is that you CANT SING ALONG!!! Ugh, I'm getting mad. I just want to belt a note 
the worst part about traveling is leaving. &amp;i'm extremely down in the dumpses right now.  but excited to see the bifflesss!
the worst part is: IT WAS ALL FOR NOTHING. i lost my phone &amp; i still wasn't able to catch a glimpse of David Cook or @DavidArchie! 
The worst part of being a mom: I want to cry but I know I can't. Am supposed to be the strong one 
The worst part of having a AFO is the muscle atrophy and the stiffness. Ouchie my foot hurts from not moving 
the worst part of having a sunburn is trying to fall asleep 
The worst part was at a beach (in the water) my foot started hurting. I look and it's bleeding. 
The worst semester ever! I'm not happy 
the worst tension in my house. 
The worst text reply is &quot;who is this?&quot; damn ... I guess connection don't mean anything anymore.. 
The worst thing about merging is how time consuming it is 
The worst thing about writing a paper for school is submitting it to writepoint &amp; then correcting all grammer &amp; spelling mistakes 
The worst thing I can hear. God, it's heart breaking 
the worst thing is i have not backed up the phone since before the weekend. ive got data i really want to retrieve.  hmm must hack this
The worst thing that can happen to u is that ur bro gets u a NDSlite which has Japanese games in it. Have no clue how to make it work. 
The worst time for your Macbook to die -- this req'g trip to GeniusBar?? The iphone release weekend. 
the wp-rdfa plugin fucks up some themes 
the wrong chris is trying to get ahold of me 
The year that song came out I had a broken heart !! 
The youtube/push debug has delayed ultrasn0w tweaking..will be working on it thru the weekend.  I definitely stink at ETAs 
The zipper of my favorite pants is now broken  i have perma open crotch!
The Zombie Tiwttercast files should work now.  I uploaded them incorrectly.     Thanks to @ZAGrrl!
We may be off to DFS  http://twitpic.com/6qzh4
we may not be able to get hoodies!  Someone just quoted me £27.50 each! But I have emailed 5 or 6 companies!
We might not be going camping  Mom is getting sick...
We miss Jay. Weekends are never gonna be the same 
WE MISS YOU!!! @alexandertwolf 
We missed FTSK  maybe next time.
We missed Gloucester docks spectacular yesterday with Gwok...   http://twitpic.com/5nohq
We missed the lion king 
We need a new sofa! 
we need a starbucks in south africa 
We need a tweet from the guys.   So we know if we should be concerned.
We need proxies badly, most are being shut down.  #IranElection, #Tehran
We need stupidity fines on Twitter 
we need to have a haters ball today like on dave chappelle,,,,, man I miss those days on comedy central the new episodes 
We never got all that rain they were saying we were going to.  I like rain.
We never went to chuck e cheeses!  @Kenetria
We oficially live in a cat free house now  - http://bkite.com/08GmA
We only have one left  LETS MAKE IT OUT BEST ONE YET! I love you all. (Cynthia, Mrs. Drudge, Magnus, Felicity, Simon, Moon &amp; Birdboot!)
We only made 10bucks in tips 
we owe like $350 dollars to the IRS   Fair tax anyone?  http://www.fairtax.org/site/PageServer?pagename=about_main
we played to games today won the first 6-2 and lost the second 0-1   One more game tomorrow want tom come away with a W
The#goodsexhas been gone,longlelong time ago! 
Thea Vidal is hosting the Watching AVN Awards.. she is killing me.. me no like-ah 
Theatre was funny, but now i'm ill. 
Thee armada isn't coming 
Thee laptop is about to die.  So i think i will go lay down. then sleep.   I want it to Be thee 27th Metro concert with A Kidnap In Color!
thee sun makes me veeeeeeery depressed, short tempered and moody :@   :@   :'(
TheEllenShow: What's the status? I'm running around tryin to buy some and don't want to miss my train if all the tickets are gone! 
TheEllenShow:Ran to 3 stores straight after work got there in time but i was the shorty in the back  least i saw u! Love you Ellen!
TheFragile6426 yeah tell me bout it  *pebbles*
them flaming hot funyons got ya guhl stomache upset!... 
Then again, back inside today. Exam tomorrow,   so final preparations in full swing! Then pub!
then all the lights went off and we freaked out. i thought it was a terrorist attack 
Then by brad paisley awww!!!!! 
then he said : &quot;i want to hug somebody. and that must be you.&quot; 
Then I got made fun of by black girls 
then i have 50 million errands to run and head to my glam squad to get looking hot for the playboy party tonight, still no outfit 
then i thought owell, we'll go another day. i'll go n buy that wall art i saw in Au Naturalle...wall art wasn't there anymore!! 
then I will find something new to read... perhaps that new Sara dessen book? I am bummed I couldn't go to the signing tonight 
Then it just HAD to start raining here. ughh... (via @dusktallon) haha you died   what did you do at muskoka
Then of course, I woke up of my own accord and my alarm was set to go off in 2 mins  I'd rather go in 4 hours late....
then off to work on monday 
Then realised same could be done with locate and xargs 
Then snuck into Brokeback Mountain, which is the most depressing movie I have ever seen..
then the 5 AM cheeseburger killed me but it was worth dying. Maryam is flying back to NY though.. 
Then the second she open the gate desk I am the first in line and she tells me the flight is overbooked and the bulkhead seats are takes. 
Then we drove to Bayers Lake for the Da Vinci Code, which as expected, Tom Hanks sucks ass in that movie, but the dramatic last 2 minutes were good.
theory failed. it took about the same amount of time! damn 
ThePradaDevil  how did you find colorless colour, i need the album 
ther are ants all over my house. 
There  was just a horrific fight at my school  glad everyone is ok and that it's Friday.
There (was) a McLearen in Sonoma County? Really? Sad that I'll never get to see it   http://tr.im/n5pN
there are 3702 items in my trash omg, &amp; only 5GB of HD space left 
There are 456976 4-letter domains. After a quick random sampling, I'm confident that all of them are either taken or squatted. Depressing 
There are a bunch of adult entertainment Tweeple and Tweetbots following me again. Grrr! It's out of my control! 
There are a lot of sex spam account on twitter 
There are about 40 rooks at the end of my garden crowing over a dying bird they're going to eat  they woke me up &amp; they are scaring my ...
There are better &amp; safer things to do in Bangkok than autoerotic asphyxiation.  Falling down for a nap soon. Up late last night worrying.
There are builders In my kitchen - I can't eat anything  
There are currently 2 Emile Hirsch movies on TV. I can't decide which one to watch! That isn't a choice someone should have to make! 
there are definitely not enough hours in the day!! 
There are far too many Mondays in a week 
There are going to be alot of iPhone 3GS videos today. 
There are jellyfish here 
there are like 6 movies in theaters that I really want to see.....  when shall I see them all???
there are many ants in the car 
There are more bad things about turning 18 than good ones.. Which sux ..  25 days left till I'll go on vacation to Kosova though lol
There are more tweets about the iphone update than iranian election tonight. Forget freedom! 
There are no cobra songs I can use 
There are no more eggwhites in the caf. 
There are now twenty-one cases of A(H1N1) in the Philippines  - liveincolor: Ditto. So let’s load up on Vit... http://tumblr.com/xdw1xheoa
There are only 2 things I dislike bout Summer. 1) summer jobs  2) ANTS! ( lol have a happy summer!
there are only few guys that can be called as a gentleman.. 
there are so many books I want to read with too little time to read them! 
There are SO many noises in this house! I'm trying to watch &quot;MILK&quot; and I can barely hear it 
There are so many reasons why it sucks that Classic is no longer supported. 
There are some ants in my pants, I'm being totally serious too. 
There are some people int the world u just cant forget and miss more than anything i miss u DAD i wish u were here 
There are some really creepy men on Trekspace.  and they love to hit on little ol' me.
there are things I want to do...but it is to dang hot to even think of doing them   even inside in the AC...haha, guess thats an excuse!
There are three swine flu cases in Miriam College na! OMGGG scary. I don't want to go to school anymore 
There are two asians in the backseat of a mexicans car. Hahahahaha. Kt hates me 
There aren't any blond girl horses with blue eyes. at Sweet Valley Downs 
There aren't any comments on my latest blog post  Am I really all alone in MommaDrama????? http://www.stacydoriguzzi.blogspot.com/
There aren't many pictures of me towards the end... I CAN'T FIGURE OUT WHERE I WAS FROM 10:30pm-1:30am on Saturday night! 
there but i didnt have da guts he just kept waving 2 me 2 cum but i was soo stupid i didnt goo... now i have 2 apologize 4 bein stupid!!! 
There goes my big suprise 
There goes my favorite hoodie and new wallet. And all it's contents. 
There goes today's productivity  @shailgohel @priyaflorence not 4 PM..ppl are taking power will be available after 6 PM #v2powercut
there has to be more to life that this 
There haven't been two consistent days of sun since May 25.  hate this gloomy weather
there is  a dead deer in my backyard 
there is a 30H!3 concert about 15 minutes from my house but you needed to win ticket over the radio. this sucks 
there is a baby possum that creeps breaking into my house  ughhh
There is a blackout  I'm just playing the piano that doesn't need to use electricity
There is a book thief at bea 
There is a chance my neighbor caught and got rid of my cats, hope I am wrong, but I haven't seen them lately 
There is a decided lack of news in my Greader yesterday and today. Boring. 
there is a dude playing roddick at wimbeldon right now and his name is kunitsyn... makes me think of my kuny 
There is a first for everything.. apparently failing an exam too 
There is a gala dinner tonight - and there are two hours of speeches before we eat 
We r in orlando!!! Wonder if we can get tickets to the game tonight... Highly doubt it 
we r now goin on over 20 mins the alarm this is stupid &amp; i'm about 2 kick his ass i need more sleep 
We r suppose to be more than just twitter buddies  LOL. @singduke
We say Goodbye to Steffi from our German Amazon Team Today 
we seriously sat here calculating expenses for the hotel, bus, concert, shopping fees, and now it ain't even gonna happen 
We so need Street View in Montréal 
we still havent left yet!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
We stopped again!  fuck
We stopped to pick up Andrews Powertap that popped off 
we take 2 steps fwd n 3 steps back. Back in the ICU again. 
We talked for 3 hours nonstop. But he made me get off the phone cuz he knows I need to sleep! But I dont wannaaa  Blah gotta try. G'night!
we temporarily have one car. this stinks. 
'We the Robots' is no more  http://bit.ly/myaRO
We then saw Brokeback Mountain which is just depressing the second time around...
we think this kid cracked one of my bro's disk in his neck 
we told our son we'd bring him to funtown w/ friends in lieu of a big birthday party this year.  had to postpone twice now.    #rainsucks
time for Paper Cut 
Time for power cut  need to go..!!
Time for school  only in for 3 hours though instead of 6 then I get to come home and sleep some more!
time for school, guhhh  may or may not tweet whilst there *shrug*
time for school, oh noes!  i'm still so sleepy
time for sleep - geometry exam in the morning  i'm scared
Time for sleep lil man is gonna be here at 6:30 sharp. Ugh hate getting up early. 
Time for sleep!!! 
Time for sleep. Tomorrow i go to the laptop hospital to get the old girl diagnosed. I don't want to have to put her to sleep 
time for sleep..dont think ill be working out in three hrs  
Time for tea... and then run about like a headless chicken doing house stuff 
time for that coffee already 
time for the gym  hissssssssssssssssssss boooooooooooooooooooo
time for work 
Time for work  booo
Time for work!  Managed to rank up to Lieutenant General I - plus am starting to close the gap on my kill/death ratio! www.celtsclan.com
Time for work.  I'll do my best to see some of you night but no promises just now 
Time for work...too bad I won't be able to see my friends in @pobict before they leave for tour tonight 
We took my little girl to Chuck E Cheese tonight along with her best bud. try to make nite before she leaves special! Summer visitation 
We trained all year worked so hard and we lost ur county final ! i am 
we tried 30stm only got you as far as no2  touche those in 1,2,3 place
We tried to trace them to let them know but we don't have contact for them so some poor woman is losing all her money right now 
we turned off the game cuz it sucked 
We used to be inseperable  lol
We used to have a falcon that lived in our rigging, but he hasn't pooped on our deck in days. I think he might be dead.  RIP, poopy bird.
we wait with baited breath !!!  No, no mention of 2008 DS man of the year  oh man !!!!
We want a real house  http://tinyurl.com/n3f7zo
we want followers 
We want more followers 
we watched horrible movies such as brokeback mountain and just my luck.
We went to a gay bar and it was full of straight guys!!! They all hit on Gloria and not meeeee!   
We went to Morango for a fucking Hagen Daz shake. Oh em gee. And we lost 5 dollars. 
We were always meant to say goodbye... I don't want to  xoxox
we were hoping to be able to announce stuff that we can't  not yet anyway.... we will be able to soon though, we hope! fingers crossed!
We were missing one cat tonight, Stormy.  Found him after awhile, locked in the garage.  JB is SO sad for him.  
We were supposed to get married tomorrow...    
we were supposed to start swimming lessons with Maggie next week, but they called &amp; said it's been canceled b/c of low enrollment. BOO 
We were talking about a church by the way xD @morgan_johnson i hate that im missing him and you  &lt;3
we were together for like 7 months.. it hurts pretty bad. especially  when you feel like it hurts you way more than them 
We were totally rushed out of Iron Starr...my 1st time there and maybe my last  food was great though...all about service
We will always love Farrah Fawcett, R.I.P.  
We will be down for one hour of planned maintenance starting at 8p Pacific Friday.  como vou sobreviver sem twitter? kk
we will miss you Borther Ceci! 
we will miss you Br. Ceci and your wonderful photographs 
We Will miss you Farrah! 
We will miss you Ian!!!!  The best of luck to you in your future!
We woke up too late to go strawberry picking.  So I guess homemade bread and apple cinnamon muffins are necessary to make up for that.
We won't be home by 10.  My farm town crops are going to die 
we won't be home until about 6 am monday morning if we have to go thru this tomorrow too... we might sell our tickets 
we won't find out if CHUCK will be renewed till next week or the one after that 
We won't forget , and we won't forgive . Holocaust Memorial Day . 
We won't play rangers next year except in ws.  I sent him a tweet saying i wish he were on the giants u probably saw that haha
We would be landing in San Francisco right now had it not been for this delay... I miss my babii 
We wr up at 5am wlkng the dogs, tkng advantage of the break in the rain. kp in a lot of pain 2day, &amp; has had 2 pop 50mg morphine 
We. Just. Saw. Miss. Park. Hurst. 
Weak pencil lead is weak 
weak, TIRED!!! Im bout 2 go lay in bed &amp; watch scary movies!!! 
Weak. Tired. Hurt my back again...badly  stayin the night @ b's cuz i can't move...
Wearing a dress to the wedding that I haven't fit into for a year. My recent one armed sunburn will compliment it nicely 
there is a gay TV station on german TV now, and my girl is watchin it all the time - well thanks TIMM! 
There is a helicoptor above my house shining that search light everywhere! Omg... 
There is a highly farcical story of Robert Fisk and Reuters et al being banned in 1979 in Iran. As is happening now. Must re-read it. 
There is a huge thunderstorm outside so i have to stay inside.....I hope theres no blackout...its scary then...... 
There is a MacBook Pro sitting close by and my poor MacBook is ashamed with it's plastic face and sides... 
There is a man using my elbow rest.  http://twitpic.com/5dklt
there is a Monsanto ad on nytimes.com right now. 
There is a motorcycle rally in the town we are staying in this weekend. All these bikes &amp; we don't have ours! 
there is a poor little fly in the uplighter  ... anyway, making copies was fine, as was class. I'll go to the testing center tomorrow.
There is a problem with #Steam Community  , could be the servers. I'll have a go on the Left4dead modding tool
There is a really bad ringing in my ears 
There is a really loud annoying bird outside my window. 
There is a reason Microsoft word has a Save button. I learnt that reason the hard way. ~*sigh*~ and back to pg 1  Defeat is not an option
there is a scary countdown thing to how many minutes and seconds i have left on the computer. bye bye, intrawebz 
There is a tame pigeon sleeping on my BBQ outside near the doorway of my house that keeps returning everyday! I don't want it here 4ever 
There is a ton of boring information!!! 
There is a very loud frog/toad(?) in my backyard that is keeping me awake - ribbit, ribbit, ribbit. 
There is absolutely nothing in my house to eat. Someone bring somethinggg 
there is absolutely nothing on tv, how depressing 
There is absolutely nothing to do!!! 
There is always 2 sides to the story too bad people are not willing to listen like sheeps they follow whatever the one other side says!!  
there is always one more meeting... 
there is an ant infestation at my locker and the ones next to it 
there is an emptiness in my heart 
There is argument among my family members 
There is dog hair all over my coat. Bloody dogs! Am walking around town covered in dog hair 
Wearing awesomeness itself, watching stardust, trying to get sims to work, reading and chilling in the air con. Headache and achy body 
wearing foundation for the first time in ages...i've gotten sun since and I think my NW15 is now too light 
Wearing hotpants and a bright yellow Smurf t-shirt,blown-dry hair and nowhere to go!!!! 
Wearing lipgloss in the wind is not a good idea! My hair is now covered in it 
wearing my best shirt and tie today for a meeting with a client, but noticed a quick shave this morning left a spec of red on my collar 
wearing my fav shoes though they havent been worn since last summer i now have blisters 
Wearing my favorite ripped jeans...but then i found area wear its ripped thats not cool 
wearing new sandles... my feet hirr 
wearing the team tshirt cheering for them but at last despair 
Wearing the wrist brace all day, once more... wrist is acting up again 
weather = shit..everything aching 
Weather above 65 bothers me! Too Hott to do anything  Off to Pleasanton
Weather cancelled our blues fest   Didn't even attempt to go. Therefore, it was a Yahtzee nite!
Weather dot com lied to me this morning  thanks bitch
Weather forcecast for the weekend. Quite the same weather as in iceland 
Weather forecast - rain, rain, rain, clouds, rain, rain, thunder, rain, clouds 
Weather forecast is always right, if it is related to rain 
Weather forecast looks grim for tomorrow's cycle ride around the Peak District 
Weather forecasts are always unbelievable, you liar 
Weather got me sick  ugh i need med. And som1 to take care of me
weather has been so shit its unberlivable 
Weather has turned cold and damp. Perfect day for doing my tax return on line. Wish me luck. 
Weather here is soooper weird. Yesterday it was very cold. Now it's hot. and I'm wearing long sleeves! 
There is free wireless on the train but it won't connect me 
There is like so much hmewrk to be doing and i don't like it  This does not make me happy!!
there is no breeze its freaking HOT ASS HELL 
There is no cure for a broken engine manifold.  #crownvic
there is no escaping from the heartache... 
There is no food in my house 
there is no food in my house. i would have a taco but somebody left the tortillas open  im having a sad day so far...now i must mow the
There is no fooood here 
there is no god  &amp; if there is he's fired!
There is no hope for darkness up here in Northern Finland 
There is no l33t symbol or 'character map' symbol for a teardrop, is there? Other than the inexpressive  ?
there is no new daisy of love episode tonight because of the mtv movie awards 
there is no news at the apex today 
There is no one here in the office... 45min to go 
there is no one on msn this early   .. bored  7: 45 am in australia!!
There is no place like home... I miss Djibouti so much 
There is no reason Lauren Conrad should be famous. Why is she on my screen? 
There is no special sauce to go with my pork intestines! 
there is no such thing as life in-beetween, you're either in or you're out.. i know u re out, just dont know why 
there is no such thing as sleep when you have a sick child 
there is no use im regreting these days.. my tears worth more than the past 
there is not enough time in the day... 
there is not much to watch at TV. it's all about the results of today's elections for the Flemish government 
There is nothing I want to eat!  
There is nothing in my house for lunch... it looks like it's peanut butter sandwiches and crunchy nut- but i had that for breakfast 
there is nothing more attractive then your face getting sunburned and then peeling 
There is nothing sadder than a Sonic that you notice is abandoned right as you pull into it. 
Weather is 100% suitable enough to move from jeans to combat pants. Will still b wearing long sleeves in public though. Yes. Body issues 
weather is crap 
weather is crap  but fuck it, cant wait for tonight!
Weather is crazy in Vegas today...rain in the morning, now sunshine??? I guess it doesn't really matter since I am working all day 
Weather is nice! Then WHY am I about to fall asleep! 
Weather is so depressing today  Rain has not stopped.
Weather is so gloomy, I feel so gloomy 
Weather is so nice and pleasant today. Dil garden garden ho gaya. Perfect romantic weather 
Weather is sooo amazing today and I was stuck in work!  Typical!
Weather is sooo gloomy 2day!!!!!! 
Weather is too nice to be in an office 
Weather isn't as great today and I have a crap day ahead 
Weather not looking good for my day out at Santa pod!  http://yfrog.com/02bqzj
weather picked the perfect weekend to rain all day!  I finally had some time to be outdoors. 
Weather report for tomorrow is not looking so great. Rain at midday, then cloudy afternoon. 
Weather Report:  Brookside, Telford - cloudy and cold, looks like it is going to rain 
Weather still not cooperating 
weather still so sad... and cold ! &quot; joli mois de mai &quot;  -    Going out for an haircut
weather sucks here in the rheingau/germany. rain/clouds and damn cold! 
Weather sucks...again  Where is the sun?
weather suxs...missing my bf 
Weather turned out nice today after all &amp; I find myself indoors working trying to catch up on my work. Another busy week ahead 
weather what are you doing to my day 
weather, please straighten up 
Weather's making me feel lazy. I wanna go home 
Weathers perfect right now. Dinner and Wine outside.... I don't wanna leave  !!!
weather's sow bad...  but it's a funny day xD
web crashed - videos were at 90 % 
there is nothing to do 
there is nothing to do  toss up with tidy bedroom or watch F1 or even lay out in the sun ,lol the choice
There is nothing to do for the next hour here.  i want to just get on the plane and get to Buenos Aires!
There is nothing to do.  The Best Thing*
There is NOTHING to eat in my house 
there is nothing worse than being outside and sweat dripping down your back! Then you go into a cold ass store, damn near fall out 
There is really nothing interesting in cinemas right now... And Belgium is the only country with no free pojection of #home 
There is so beautiful weather outside and Ing. Ku?e (Chicken) is goung to hinder us inside more than hour 
There is so much 2 do I don't feel like I'm ready 2 leave yet. I'm sooo gunna miss my boo-boos 
there is so much I wanna do, so much I dun wanna sleep but I really need to 
there is so much spam on twitter more and more everyday 
There is some guy outside singing right now. He isn't very good. 
There is something living in my loft running around and keeping me awake. 
There is something seriously wrong with my phone. 
There is something so manly about a bottle of beer and a bottle opener. Then I realized it was a twist top. 
There is the first time i using microblogs. It's not so easy to explain something in 140 symbols... 
there is the sound of the most poorly starter motor I have ever heard outside.  Poor little thing
there is this letter infront of me and I know wats in it (stuff 2 do wid Trey Songz) and I really wnt 2 open it bt i can't, it's not mine 
There is too much cinnamon in my cocoa. 
There is too much light in this room - it's hard to sleep 
There is? Hmm, I need to explore that site a little more!  Yeah if you could link me that'd be awesome! THHANKS!
There isn't a 1Gb memory limit on Vs2008, right? every time it uses &gt;1Gb is locks and I have to restart it 
There isn't going to be anything happening for some time yet- this is just a warning for all you dying of boredom! - sorry!  
There must be a full moon - so much drama going on right now!  Avoiding FetLife - mud slinging voyeur = not my fetish.
there must be another way to fall asleep without tiring myself.. 
There my laptop is dead  lucky I got my fone lol
web host migrations are ugly 
Web Surfing is very poor 
Webcam is dead 
webcamming w gladys &amp; abi. i didnt get much sleep last night.. almost fell outta the chair  - http://tweet.sg
Webcams Hoepfner Burgfest in #Karlsruhe: Automatic reload #fail http://bit.ly/Vdtvf  
Web-Design-Jobs: Designer/web-designer by anneyoung: It is a re-post.  I need a graphic design.. http://tinyurl.com/nrdgbz
Website &amp; Forums are down at the moment, will keep you update when its up and running. Sorry. 
Website Design Jobs: Designer/web-designer by anneyoung: It is a re-post.  I need a graphi.. http://tinyurl.com/mb5w8u
Website is still strugglefest 2009.  
Webster barfed up something yucky  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6103067
Wedding ... No nap  ... Swimming with everyone ... Who the hell knows what else!
wedding day Yeah SUN!  wifes cuz really Nice peps. Working to get my party face bac aftr poker tourny hangover. Congrats @stlconciergeguy 
Wedding stress has now begun. 
Wedding today. 10:45 and time for the first drink of the day. So much alcohol, and no Mandy to share it with 
Wedding todayyyyyyyy! Drive home from Texas starts tonight 
Wednesday already! Back at work today  Oh well at least there are only 3 days to work!
Wednesday bike ride cancelled  today, thursday and friday still a go!
Wednesday gave me her cold 
wednesday morning already?! i dont want to go home yet.. 
Wednesday will be the worst day ever. I'm betting on there being a LOT of crying.       We all can't imagine him not being around.    
wednsday is too far away 
Wee chad, he is not keeping well  - http://mobypicture.com/?6k2co7
wee drunk night with my ladies .......so don't wont claire to go to oz 
wee! finally, mkkpag mcdo din ako. Hahaha. SHEM. After one month. 
Wee. Haven't ridden Chi the waveboard for two weeks.  Forgot how to turn. Harhar.
Weed on the brain, none in the Lungs  fucking Urinalyisis. you tellin me I cant answer phones and book appointments straight blunted son?
Weee I'm goin up north with my bffl sofia!!!!!  were gonna get there at 7 though
weeee no he visto up 
Weeeee  poor girl she Is not pregnant
weeeeeee - 5:1 
Weeeeeeeeeeee BOOM!!  I miss that sound!! 
weeeelllllll, should probably do some work now or something 
weeeellllllll even though you say that The Da Vinci Code sucked, I still have to go see it because I read the book therefor.....
weeekend is over  what a depressing thing. &amp; still no new phone for kelly
Week 2 Journey to lose 100 lbs weigh in only 1 lb lost this week  and total loss 9 lbs= 91 lbs to go!
Week 2 of training, exam 1 
Week been so bad I have a fever blister  should have just slapped all that pissed me off &amp; called 1-800-NOT GUILTY
week of exams starts tomorrow  maybe i should start revising..
Weeked palns hv changd cuz I've gotten this summer cold. No fun  But I look for  happy things all around me http://bit.ly/SiUIV.
weekend (seems like holiday) home almost comes to an end...  back to berlin in 3hrs...
weekend @ office..sucks big time 
Weekend = not long enough 
weekend 9 already..? i kinda.. dont want.. week 10 n week 11 to come.. 
Weekend almost over   I don't want to go home
time for work..i definitely dont wanna deal with 4th grade today 
time for workk.... 
Time goes by too fast.. On Monday I get the results for my written examinations. I'm scared 
Time has come my old Land Rover hydraulic winch has to go  Ebay calls. Replaced by a Fire service PTO driven one
Time i get into The Game they cancel it there will not be a 4th season  i like that show!
time i went to bed i suppose!  no one to chat too anymore!  well anyone that wants to chat to me! thats pretty much no one 
Time in spain drawing to a close 
Time is never enough  
Time is really dragging this morning. 
Time is running out... D'oh 
time is winding down *feeling blue* 
Time Off Day 2: Just got back from my time out, i am so tired of being skint, no good news at the bank  May watch another zombie film now.
time really flies. a week is almost gone. sigh. mum is going KL in 2 days time.  then i will be alone at home.
Time to assemble my ALDI BBQ - so many screws - so much fewer than the manual says I should have 
time to babysit. ewwww 
Time to buzz off from the computer. Aura time. [ http://is.gd/ROqb ] 
time to clean 
Weekend almost over  Bbq with pat right now 
weekend chores done. now to get ready for Snowbird's bachelorette party! (and attempt to get some work work done.) 
Weekend First upgrade on the train o/ shame the 3g signal is so bad 
Weekend gone, had to work the whole time  busy busy busy...
Weekend in London nearly over     Back to work (and reality) tomorrow 
Weekend is almost here! Gotta do my homework. 
Weekend is almost over....  Sooo sad. I had so much fun.  B., where are you????
weekend is coming to an end 
Weekend is getting close. Too bad I'll be stuck up north  Hopefully I'll be able to get out next weekend for some real life fun.
weekend is halfway done 
weekend is now over  have bad sunburn on my arms!!
Weekend is over  had a great time with my family today at the zoo and a lap around the tidal basin by the jefferson memorial.
Weekend like this I should be at Killington 
Weekend over  Now it's time to get back to home repairs. How freakin Xciting!
Weekend over.  leaving now for a proofing meeting then a promo gig i have to do downtown all day. Then airport. Still not as bad as tmrw.
Weekend rocked.  Not looking forward to talking to the parents 
Weekend went by too fast 
Weekend went too fast 
weekend will b great. but first 4 days in school 
Weekend work.  
There needs to be better/hotter lingerie for girls with big boobs  Fuck, if I knew how I'd just make them myself.
there really is NO WAY to make a County Government Strategic Plan look engaging.  Fail.
There seems to be no way to merge 5.1-files automatically in Logic Pro 8  I now try to bounce in the hopes of retaining all channels.
There seems to be something wrong with the twitter application on my bberry! 
There should be a book for WPF Designers!! I know someone is currently working on it but it should have been out years ago 
there should be a tweetbar! aka a twitter tool box ;]  I MISS YOU VERYY MUCHO!  ddaammnn
There should be no such thing as doing a late shift at work. 2-10, u gotta be kidding me! 
there so many people tweeting #KEVINJONAS how come hes not getting into the trending topics ? 
there this thing in my mouth, its like.. reaally red right now and its killing me  aaah...
There tis stupid guy snoring so lovely behind me in the bus. Noisy 
There was &quot;a problem with my Twitter feed&quot;....I PANICKED!!!!   I know it told me not to, but I couldn't help it!  
There was a distinct lack of brownie in my lunch today. 
There was a frickken snake in my basement!! &amp; it's still there, it got away before my dad could kill it!  NEVER GOING DOWN THERE AGAIN.
There was a huge storm in my area that flooded most of my apartment building except my room. But I'll have no power 4 a few days... 
There was a jolt... I was awake...Just another wednesday.... 
there was a lil mouse in mi room..n he ran into the kitchen n got caught on da trap...he's small..n kinda cute..but now he is gonna die 
There was a man at the bus stop rocking back &amp; for whilst clutching a tin of paint 
there was a mix up with my dentist appt this afternoon. so they rescheduled me for tomorrow @ 9am. 
There was a pretty bird outside my window just now, singing, he didn't stick around long enough to take a pic though 
there was a roach in my ashtray when i went out to smoke earlier, and now i'm scared to go outside  i guess i'll go smoke in the garage...
There was a techtonic shift in my universe this past weekend. I just feel it.  
There was a time when I was so brokenhearted, love wasn't much of a friend of mine ~nakakaiyak na ( no more hope left to lose... 
There was a toxic waste spill in the bathroom and unfortunately, Rich had to take a shit  http://yfrog.com/3o6a1j
WEEKEND!!! almost.... F* you accounting 
Weekend, :| boring as always 
weekend, bought Lost Odyssey, YAY  ------- however, my 360 RROD'ed on me  it's the second time 
Weekend`s soon to be over. How sad. 
Weekends always go by so fast!!  it was a great one though, and Zach did fantastic at the marathon!
Weekends are Great....if you don't have to work them.   
Weekends are never long enough. School until eleven then off to Mew Jersey for Beth's graduation. SENIORS LAST WEEK!  
weekends are overrated. i never get to see my husband b/c he works so much and sleeps when he can. on the weekends. 
weekends are too short  headed back to H-Town
Weekends go too fast 
Weekend's here.. but am not even close to finishing off work. Desperately need a vacation but can't do so b4 Blogertizeworld launches.. 
weekend's nearly over, back to school tomorrow 
Weekend's right around the corner! ...but it feels so far away. 
Week's been hectic. Plus, the weather isn't really helping. 
Weeks of wrkin in rain &amp; riding in truck = sore back acting up fast. Felt ok b4, now not so much. Might b end of day 4 me. So much 4 sat 
Weekz later I still dont like that college song 
Weenie Roast is over  best show of the yearrrr wooot !!
Weezer - Island in the sun | The video makes me cry 
Weight Watchers Belgian Chocolate Brownies are the shit - not sure I'm supposed to eat them by the box though 
weiks, i'm out of weeds..  think i should back with the trad one, SAMSOE !!
Weird achiness and fever 
Weird day.  Need cuddles and a shower.
Weird feeling in my stomach 
weird how dead-on this song describes my current life situation ha  fuckkkk. i'm gonna go clean, it always keeps my mind off things
weird mood guys, dont like it. its strange here without everyone here, miss them already 
weird mood like im worrying about something i dont know what it is yet, i just got a bad feeling for some reason 
weird mood. i think i just need a hug. 
Weird my phone lets me send updates to twitter but it wont send updates from people I am following to my phone 
Weird watching TV late at night without hearing the faint sound of peanuts and lettuce being nommed by Mr Fluff behind me. Miss him  lots.
weird weird day so far. i cant believe its almost 1230 already. time flys. hope im not working late tonight  
Weird work schedule starts this week...three late days, but with early days in between ...argh, makes for some crazy sleep patterns... 
WEIRD. My photoshop was just working and now it's not. 
Weird. Not in main group, not in alternative group. In a group all of my own.  Maybe it's something I said? 
weird.... first time on twitter dnt hav ant frnds 
Weirdest dream... Called into work, still sick 
Weisses Hemd - rote Sauce - yeah 
weks ! i don't understand about twitter 
Wel im really trying to do my best to help Peter ... But ... Its only 3 days left  GO TEAM CARLISLE !!!! AND Gil ;)
Wel shucks @dgold just went to howlin wolf &amp; no record of me &amp; my honest tunes victory 
wel,l just checked in on little bear, hes fast asleep in noddy land...bless him, watching sex and the city then its early night for work 
Welcome @MarcCall !!! Let me suggest to you @fakejohnpiper and @fakepastormark. You'll love 'em! In other news, my algae fish died today 
welcome all our new followers! we will follow you back as soon as twitter let's us follow more than 2000 people 
welcome back to # LDR @mondododo 
Welcome back, me. No time to catch up on tweets. I skipped 2 days worth and am feeling an empty hole inside 
Welcome home a Vietnam Vet ,just walk on up put out your hand to shake, and say Welcome Home. They never got that            #militarymon
Welcome home a Vietnam Vet ,just walk on up put out your hand to shake, and say Welcome Home. They never got that  #militarymon
Welcome home a Vietnam Vet just walk on up put out your hand to shake, and say Welcome Home They never got that  #honorvets
Welcome to all my new followers - will start tweeting again tomorrow after I catch up from Shavuos and another computer virus 
Welcome to Minnesoooooooota.  Free up some time this trip to catch up! Won't be at Cliquot Club though; they closed 
Welcome to Monday!   Glad Tina had a great weekend!
Welcome to my weekend...already did some karaoke, watched a movie (Mama Mia!), and played some poker...what's next? Housework 
Time to clean my room!  not going to be very fun!
Time to come home 
time to continue working on assignments 
Time to cook 
Time to crate = all of my game and a/v stuff remains specially crated and inaccessible until movers come to uncrate it.  
Time to do house chores! Ugh! 
time to do laundry   &quot;Clothes wash yourselves!!!&quot;.....*no movement*  They obviously dont know how to take an order.
time to do my GP news presentation. can't skip this class tomorrow 
Time to do paperwork and clean my office 
time to do some more revision 
Time to do some work 
Time to do sum more work  here we go *
Time to do yardwork, not so awesome. 
Time to drive home 
Time to drop my aunt's car off ... I wanted to stay @ Cream all day 
time to eat then off to work its colld outside i dont wanna go  http://tinyurl.com/kv9pjz
Time to feed the masses (aka - pets). It's cold outside 
Time to get back to worrkkk. 
Time to get it together for work.  hate jobs.
Time to get off the computer and go to bed and read my book. Had a headache all weekend  Work tomorrow. Fortunately I like my job.
Time to get on the cross trainer and then off to work for a crappy 10 hour shift 
time to get ready for my meeting. bleh. 
time to get ready for work  bye xoxo
Welcome to the suck 
Welcome to the suck.  I have LOTS of work to do today. Living to work... like @BCMurph said 
Welcome to the Twitterverse, @SuzyLeeOgata!!! I wish I were seeing you next weekend with the rest of those people 
welcome to this sunny sunday morning, off to work, where the sun doesn't shine... due to blackout film on the windows  have fun
Welcome yo Lodon @taylorswift13 Sad I could Not Get Tickets 
Welcoming a new week; the last week of school. It's hard to welcome it when you know that the first day of it you'll have Physics exam 
welcoming myself on twitter! wat exactly am i suposed to do here?? m lost ... is anyone derrrrrrrrrrrr ... 
Time to get ready for work, ick..  
Time to get ready for wrk! Ahhhh, I dnt wanna goooo! 
Time to get ready to go.  Bleh. Not really diggin school today. Oh well! Don't have to stay for long and I get my laptop tonight. (:
Time to get some work done so I can go out tonight!! Last BIG bang with the girls before we all leave uni  It will be messy 
Time to get the day started! Ah so early 
Time to get up already, where does the sleeping time go 
Time to get up and start my fun filled day!! 
time to get up. yuck. i wanna stay in bed. 
time to go  i'm so tired :[ bye! goodnight! :3
Time to go &quot;home!&quot; But where is Tommy! Count my money negro!!! I'm tiiiiired!!! 
time to go back outside into the hot... 
Time to go back to reality Miami I must bid u adieu  don't worry ill be back
Time to go back to work again 
Time to go fold laundry  have I mentioned how much I HATE laundry?  Well I DO!  Anyone got a laundry fairy to spare?
Time to go full on vegetarian again,no more chicken even though the orange chicken from panda is so bomb 
Time to go home.....but I'm still working.  
Time to go in bebe's kids have arived 
Time to go on lockdown mode for the weekend to study for math... FML 
time to go out, I forgot to buy my father's gift 
Well - I tried to save some money by consolidating my GoDaddy accounts - should have exported my WordPress first   Two years of posts????
Well - just tried to reboot the boiler 15 times.. It failed... sadly our plumber didn't mention the problem until outside warranty 
Well - looks like Hurdle is out.  
well , im in big trouble now with ***** . what i must do now ?! my mistakes that i cant be honest with ***** 
well ... thats not very nice  humph.
well ..cos I didnt get my forgiveness..banana dreamsss 
Well @stylekid it's 30 degrees in our bedroom...not so easy to sleep here 
Well a big thanks to everyone #elevensestime for making me feel so welcomr, but I really have to go and do some work now   Bye bye all x
Well a pipe busted and now there is water all over the bathroom and travled to the kitchen 
Well a wrench got thrown into my day...I didn't get as much stuff done as I wanted to 
well about to go to school  lol
well about to hit the car wash with my neighbor. well wanted to show ya'll how dirty my car is, but idk how to twitpic on sidekick 
well about to hit the car wash with my neighbor. well wanted to show ya'll how dirty my car is, but idk how to twitpic on sidekick lx 
Well actually #Pandora MOBILE plays (background) but iTouch does not 
Well after quite a monotone evening. I'm gonna head upstairs to bed. The long weekend is coming to a close  Night everyone xxx
well am i needed to be here? 
well am off now to try and hobble my way to work some how ! wish me luck 
well and he doesn't be considerate of me...thank you 
Well annoyed my new back light hasn't been delivered.. more bus journeys for me! 
well another bad night of sleep. Its sucks waking up and him not being there.  I LOVE MY ARMY MAN!
well another sunday is almost gone  ~BrookeKidd~
Well at least I got to see John load in, but I missed the show 
Time to go outside in the pouring rain and howling wind to do my weekly shop 
Time to go run  happy fathers day everyone!
Time to go say goodbye to Shannon. 
Time to go shower and then I probably should go to bed.. work in the am.. not looking forward to it 
time to go to a wedding....that makes me want to get married even moreso  wahhhhh! haha
Time to go to bed... class in 7 and a half hours 
Time to go to school.  my life is over. 5 years of slacking, down the drain... blah.
time to go to sleep...Things been lame since I got back from Cali 
time to go to the animal hospital, one of the dogsies has gone deaf. 
Time to go to the doctors  fun
Time to go to the grocery store 
Time to go to the gym for a serious workout   Hate it but need it 
Time to go to work 
time to go to work  i need a new job
Time to go to work.  No 3.0 yet.  
TIme to go to work. will i get a tan there? 
Time to go work. 
Time to grab lunch. Sad that I forgot the sandwich @jamesspeedy made for me 
Time to grow up! 
Time to have my last session at @kitsapvw  tomorrow to the Edgeworks &amp; then back to Seattle for a day at Seattle VW and Stonegardens.
Time to head back to work, vacation is over 
time to head back to work. Oh lunch break you were the epitomy of freedom but alas we must part. 
Time to head home 
well at least i thought we were ..  something else is on this channel when said open season!
Well aye what i meant to say was thinking of going to sleep but im not tiredddd 
Well back home from the harbour...drenched of course, because its RAINING AGAIN 
Well back to another day of sanding 
well back to working doubles on the weekends 
We'll be moving from a strength to a hypertrophy phase for chest, back, shoulders and arms for the next few weeks. Legs will stay behind 
Well California disappointed again  EQUALITY FOR ALL hardly ... so sad what hate and fear does to people I choose love and peace optimism
Well can ya please send some luvin to @JonathanrKnight   im sensing deep fiery anger surrounding his presence right now...
well check for update and it still says 2.2.1 is the current version.  WTF!!!
Well congrats to phil jackson ..he'll get his 10th..I still miss m.j.  game will never be the same
well crap he got crashed out! that sicks! 
well crap, i took a nap not on purpose 
Well damn. Think my ankle is sprained 
well darn!!! i made a pretty HORRIBLE grade on my nutrition test! how do i expain that?? 
well deer and babies update. Only saw one baby tonight. Deer and one baby crossed road to get back to my yard.  #fb
well deserve day off 4 da nym after da horror weekend!!! 
well did good on first test bombed 2nd one  looks like rest of class did too... finished paper, coglab, and quiz... another test in 7 hrs
Well did nothing today! watched a scary film with laura alex and elma but it wasn't scary at all v dissapointed 
Well dinner was disastrous my uncle lashed out at me for no reason he just told me to shut up ! ?? Confused since i wasn't even talking 
well dis is new... Very intresting. not all dat exciting yet tho  well yea ima follwer YESSS! dats a GREAT start &lt;b&gt;love&lt;/b&gt;
Time to head home   San Fran was sooo nice. I'm not going to miss these hills tho
Time to head out and sort the broken HP printer I've only had for a couple months at Currys 
Time to hit the hay... kid says he's not letting me sleep in tomorrow 
time to jump on the elliptical! then perhaps more Friends. Tinman did not pan out like I had hoped 
Time to leave the office and drive back home.. i am afraid the roads would be jammed up 'cause of rains 
Time to leave. 
Time to lick lots of envelopes 
Time to mourn the closing of a great restaurant 
Time to now the lawn. 
Time to pack up and leave this wonderful place 
Time to pay bills 
time to plan our summer schedule with our college age kids... time to start reading bks on the empty nest, it seems to be more real now. 
time to plan the goddamn perth and adelaide MM crap. kim should have my tickets now. i have an english SAC in a couple of hours 
Time to Pretend... 
Time to rally the troops for the indoor soccer game ... wish I could play 
time to really work. 
time to relax and get ready to go back to work tomorrow----oh yukkkk 
time to reply lotss of comments and messages  sorry for the very late reply got fever (
time to rest...missing *16... 
Time to revise for stats exam tomorrow 
Time to roll out! Hope my bag doesn't get mushed 
Well done @MrsGEdwards ! Keep it up - you can do it!!! Sorry its so hot  Sending you cooling thoughts from the Trailtrekker team #ttrek09
Well done again to everyone. Had a  fantastic weekend! Sorry can't make the pub  #sicamp
Well done kerry with your last show. You will be missed. 
Well done Kirsty and Lee. Unlucky Jason   bloggers rock
Well done, Jenson. Now, despite sitting on my arse for 2 hrs I am aching badly so painkillers (again) &amp; original plans may be cancelled 
Well epic fail on remembering to twitter! LOL best get on with it... Bored waiting for crap NHS pc to load 
Well epic fail on remembering to twitter! LOL best get on with it... Bored waiting for crap NHS pc to load  http://tinyurl.com/qmyv3l
Well even though we lost, the boys played hard. Now let me go work out our odds for South Africa 2010. 
well everyone messaged me at the last secound so i'll be on mtspace.  dam i haven't ate cause theres no food.  ima starve myself..
well everything thing seems back to normal now...........feel the odd one out more than ever 
Well f*ck there seems to be no resurrecting the TV in the living room....... 
Well Farrah Fawcett is now chilling with Ed McMahon. RIP guys you will be missed.  Cancer took 2 more cool people
Well finally found something to do thankfullly i am not bored! cant wait for tuesday! Still waiting to satrt my job! 
well finally got someone 2 like me but i so don't like them back. i think i hurt them.  now i feel terrible. I have 2 listen to the jobros
Well finally talked 2 my friend david 2day. Suxs that hes goin 2 high school. 
Time to say Goobye..Last day in Finland.Tomorrow its home to rainy Ireland  
Time to say goodbye to mater. 
time to screw up my fresh install of Win XP Pro with shitty iTunes 
Time to shower and head to bed....work tomorrow....blah....mondays are never fun 
time to sign on the dole godlife sucks when u have no job no money and no one will give you a chance i'm only 20 i should go to college 
Time to sleep - gotta be up in 4 hours for a dentist appointment. 
Time to sleep got Tuition tomorrow morning then grocery shoppin wif parents... Aghhh....why can't I wake to gaming 
Time to sleep now. Have to bury myself with formulae tomorrow. 
Time to sleep. Tomorrow early appointment to get my hair cut before another funeral 
Time to sleep... Long day again tomorrow 
time to sleep... so tired from studying all day 
Well first day of work tomorrow for 8hours 15 bucks an hour but damn tax 
Well floors will get 99.9% done, but now someone needs to come over to fix a gas valve to my fireplace.    But hey the sun is still out!
well folks another glorious day, even thou i havent been out yet, done ironin  work l8r xx
Well folks, due to transportation problems I won't deport from Denver until the 27th 
Well folks, it's time to hit up work. mondayitis hard  oh well hopefully it's quiet
Well for now super glue will just have to work. my glasses place isnt opened on sunday nor are any others in bg 
well from what I have read over so far sounds like rain at RIR 
well getting ready for my nite time nap.  b up laters  im tired 
Well getting ready to go to campmeeting..... blah  I don't want to deal with people right now.... wonder if they will notice my hair.
Well good morning to all. Gonna tryout this thing called productivity today... I aplogize if you become ignorance deprived 
Well good morning to you all!! On my way to school and bored already! Still missing something! 
Well good night Twitter.. got some homework done .. no life for the next few days for me 
well goodnight everyone  Please show me some love on my new video thanks http://bit.ly/FnALv
well goodnight everyone  please so me some love on my new video if you would thanks http://bit.ly/FnALv
Well goodnight tweeps! It's been an exciting day in #Tennis world. Hopefully tomorrow proves just as good! G'nite! Back to work 
Well gosh darn it, I completely forgot about my guild's Naxx run last night.    #WoW
Well got in a case of Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans and all but 3 bags are sold &amp; shipping back out! Will have more mid-July 
time to start all over again... 
Time to start another day of revision 
Time to start another long day of training at work *sigh* 
time to start homework 
time to start looking for a plane ticket to Nashville in July. I won't be able to be there for the whole week 
time to start on my homework again 
Time to start summer school 
time to start the telecon 
Time to start work 
Time to stop *editing* and do some proper work 
Time to stop working, hunger pangs, missed lunch, also think I've picked up son's summer cold 
Time to take a shower and head to work now 
time to take him to his watery grave ie. the big white bowl in the sky. Seriously 
Time to take on the day. How great that Missouri law recognizes straight weddings! If only it weren't the same weekend as KC Pride 
Time to tidy room 
time to un-jailbreak the iphone. QIK I will miss you a  while 
Time to wake up you sleepy heads. Rise and shine. My turn to sleep, I didn't get a wink. Arrrr! 
Time to wake up.  http://twitpic.com/4jafb
time to wash the glitter off and head for to bed. i don't wan to do my social exam tomorrow 
Time to wash the truck.hope it dont rain 
Time to watch The Terminator in preparation for the new movie. Stupid NAS still doesn't work, so no Scrubs tonight 
time to work 
Time to work as an aide until i get my niece &amp; nephew, mike got laid off today            -: Carmen :-
time to work... 
Time to write my appeal...i really hope this works. 
Time to write my story about a sorceror named Goo, his army of Steel-Fisted War Apes... and his elabourate luncheons. In Arabic. 
Time trap.  Have patience with me.
Time Warner Cable has been my enemy for awhile, but they've taken this rivalry too far...no cable for a week, which means no Conan for me 
Time Warner cable phone reps r dumber than nails!!!!! UGH! Cable was working 10 mins ago now its not WTF!
Time Warner Road Runner customer support here absolutely blows. I hate not having other high-speed net options. I'm ready to go nuclear.
Time Warner's HD line up is crap.
Time: 1:07am. 2 walmarts and no jb cd  I tried...
Timee 2 go and get leavers form signed :O.. then thats me actually left 
Times a bitch. I wish i could be here forever 
Times are rough.  im without the internet for a bit.  @countybrown i could use that work now.  been laid off till august. 
Times like this I wish I had a tv in my room. boo. 
Times like this make me wish he and I lived less hectic lives...these schedules get the best of me sometimes 
time's running so fast 
times up 
Times when u miss having a man around: when something is up VERY high 
Tina Ann's New Song &quot; LOL &quot; Sounds Really Weird!  But I Enjoy it!
Tinh yeu toi hat by Thuy Chi.Suddenly wanna hear it again before I shut down the computer and learn literature.Darn,the internet's so lag 
tini.us server is still down, sorry for inaccessible tweet links  going to use http://bit.ly from now on
Well got my morning ritual of the nurses waking me up to checking my vitals and drawing my blood 
well gotta get ready then im off to work. see ya all at around 6ish. 
Well great. All that shower did was relax me. #FML 
well has really nothing to do right now! 
Well having now seen the result at Spurs I can safely say that we are down 
Well heck.. No 6th hour of CSI.  This must be the only CSI Free Zone all day long. &amp; here I thought I might b going for a world record...
Well hello again, Fort Wayne! The old ballpark looks a little sad as it is being slowly removed in the sunshine.. 
Well hello there, Belmont, nice to see you again.  Pity Jameco is on the ugly side of town 
well hello twitter folk... gotta go back to work tomorrow.. yes I'm already thinking about it 
WELL HENRY IS OUT OF TOWN AGAIN! 
Well here I'am at work  time to act like I know something hehe and another long ass day
Well here it is . . On my way to phoenix to perform my solo for the last time tonight 
Well i almost remembered my glasses  forgot them in the car.
Well I am going to crash for a few hours to get a lettle rest before we head home.  Vacation is over.  
Tinioh god. work is such a bitch. i think i might be a shag looking bride c0mes july. 
tink i ave sun cream in my eye 
Tink! sorry no internet I actually Tinked about 3 hours ago. Still not getting any of @JonathanRKnight's tweets  Twitter sucks!
Tink!! Still Feeling ill  but have meeting in Town so get a lie in would have preferred a whole day off
Tink!!!!   me tired!!!!  Man have to at work in like 45 mins!!! Booo!!!  But anyways...Goodmorning!!!!  Let's make today a great day!!!
Tink!....why???? So tired!!! Lol! I miss the boys! 
Tinking 
t'internet on blackberry fooked so no checking of the tweets and whether phill has taken up my request 
tiny girl who was 4 months on tues has her 2nd ear infection in 2 weeks!  but she's still smiling!  oh, and I love pita pocket sandwiches!
Tiny shop, like us, have to work everyday without taking holidays 
TinyTwitter doesn't understand russian letters 
TinyTwitter don't want to work on my mobile 
tip of the day: as chap as it is, dollar store shower gel is not a good bargain. i look like i have chicken pox 
Tipping it down with rain for the past 10 hours. 
Tipsy. Sakebombs without Suko doesn't feel right 
tired     Stayed up too late watching for Sabrina on DWTS...but she looked lovely as usual !
Tired  All I want to do is watch a walk to remember with so sushi  But I have lame work ahhhhh shot me now
tired  at the hospital  
tired  but so ready for tonight
tired  cant stay awake.
tired  gonna relax with some good old supernatural &lt;3
tired  i feel for ice cream!! which is crazy as its FREEZING today!!
tired  it was a good day
Tired  n broke nt good
Tired  not at home now. - http://tweet.sg
tired ... bored .... lonley ... max my puppy is crying coz i just put himto bed  ... going out on mi boat 2mmorow and haven a sleepova xxx
tired ... watching scrubs ...its really boring alone at home ...wanna be in vacations with my family  and see my lil 7 month old cousin 
Tired :/ And Getting Ready Waiting For Straightners To Heat Up 
tired + hungry + (attempted) studying = not fun 
tired 2mora nite sposed to go 2 movies wif besties but both pulled outcoz they got last min plans( i got ditched 4 a guy an a borin nite) 
Well i better stop reading for the night and try to get some sleep. Not tired but i gotta be up at 7  gnite! xo
Well I could also stay at RAR (adtr, youmeatsix, biffy, dredg and alexisonfire...) dunno what 2 do, help 
Well I decided to stay in the house... and I'm aout to go get in the bed 
well I didn't get a DM from #squarespace so I guess I didn't win today 
well i don't know why i enter to twitter i have to go  bye twitter see u the sunday 
Well i fell asleep and everybody takes off swimmin and i didnt get to go 
Well I got in a good 4 hours 
Well I got to sleep longer cuz my mom agreed to cook tonight, so we're gonna eat dinner now, then we're going to a funeral. 
Well I guess he really doesn't like Ninja Rabbits. 
Well i guess im too old to get any Birthday wishes     (:
WELL I GUESS YOUTUBE VIDEO AND DISNEY CHANNEL FOR TONITE I GUESS IM NOT GOING OUT 
Well I have a presentation and an essay and an assignment i havent even started yet. Im doing a all nighter. Cheer for procastination! 
Well I have had a nice day off so far, had all my hair cut, and now i have to do some housework  but you can't have fun all the time.
well i hurt and need a massage 
well i just feel so great 
tired afetr a 13hr night shift 
Tired after spending a restless night with Tiernan.  Off to the doctors with him today, I suspect he has an ear infection. 
tired after the work day 
Tired after today  relaxing tonight I think!
Tired again 
Tired again. Couldn't sleep and will be tired tomorrow now 
tired already !!!!!! 
Tired and a little sad I don't get to see all my peeps in hutch. 
tired and a little sick. 
Tired and annoyed with self for eating chocolate. So much for another stone b4 turkey 
Tired and bored and i've another head ache  lunch was poor yet again  just want to crawl somewhere and die
tired and bored I can't sleep  but listen music of jonas, jesse, maroon 5, taylor, miley and talking with beto and nat
tired and cold, thats not a good mix!!  i want to sleep!!
tired and doesn't wanna work 
tired and feeling sick yet again  whats wrong with me! argh!
tired and grounded until tomorrow. 
Tired and have to wk tmrw 
tired and headachey  there's neverrr anything to do around here...
Tired and headachy this morning. It's so nice outside but if I go outside to revise I'll get nothing done 
tired and hungry....2 more hours to go 
tired and irritable, duno why 
tired and is forced to go out again 
tired and is forces to go out again 
tired and missing some of my friends.  this hasn't been a very happy Sunday I'm afraid! 
tired and moody 
Tired and not feeling well, but insomnia lurks again. 
tired and oh i missed school today. SAD 
Tired and really starting to get pissed off 'cause im having to babysit while my mom goes off and is with her &quot;secret&quot; boyfriend. Help 
tired and sad 
tired and sad  pretty ordinary day
Tired and still have a lot to do 
Tired and stressed..... trying to cancel a online subscription to Disney and their web-site is like a maze.  
Tired and warn down today! Back pain along with other drama......ah! I feel like crap 
Tired and wishing it wasn't Sunday night.  
tired as all get out..its gonna storm  i hate storms
Tired as and reek of lavender 
Tired as eff. I feel like such a softie today, I'm so lameee 
tired as fcuk and cant wait to take a nap 
Well I just had my workout for the week... I just lifted all the overpacked suitcases to the racks on the NE Corridor for NJTransit. 
Well I lost like always. Kory, Jeff, then Chelsie. I never win at games 
well i lost my second sunflower in the wind today 
Well I miss my friend  today was very boring except Ashee's thing
Well I missed that opportunity 
Well I painted most of the kitchen except the part near the top of the ceiling I like the blue I did not cook anything for dinner tonite 
Well I really don't know what to say about that 
well i should go in early &amp; get a head start on everything. no phone to twitter with  i'm going to go crazy till 4 with no twitter &amp; sleep
well i showered but no more going out to dinner 
well i still feel sick...  o well... just got up and getting ready to eat breakfast.
Well i studied and ate pancakes now im freaking tired but i have more work to review now 
Well i think thats everything. Just gotta get my tooth brush... Cleaning out my hamsters cage now. Blah... 
Well i thought me and him would date but i guess not cause he hasn't text me in 4 days now.  
well i want Mcdonalds but i cant get it Zzz atleast u got what u wanted 
well i wanted to change my picture and i ended up wit no pic this thing won't down load it 
Well I was going to read the rest of the last twilight book but I forgot it at work  guess I'll wait till tomm and go get it
well i watched and watched and watched again ...  and well was it worth me even trying coz im not even in it .. i cant see no purple hair 
Tired as fuccc  dentist appt!
Tired as Fuck 
tired as fuck. last night would have been perfect if my phone didn't get stolen. so yeah....no phone for a while 
tired as fuck...got to get up in 4 hours for work  FML
Tired as fuckkk long night 
Tired as fuuuuuuuck. Trying to get ready for this trip 
tired as hell. have to get up early tomorro 
tired as hell. never went to the gym 
Tired as hell. Work destroyed me today. 
tired as hell.. gotta be up in 7 hours for work 
tired as shit and didnt hear my baby voice today  not happy at all, cruel hand on the 2nd woo one of my fave bands so siked
tired as. chris's phone had to go off at 9 30 this mornin only got an hour sleep 
tired ass all hell and sik as a dog that is sik i think ill go and peacfully die in a hole now 
Tired ass hell from work! women n them shoes!!!! clean up was a hell!! i feel dirty!  i miss my honey!
Tired at work. Want to go home and sleep and hang out with all my friends in Ohio that I miss 
tired being this girl. i really want my soul back 
Tired but cant fall asleep   ~Kay
Tired but cant fall asleep want to be with this guy but cant  yet ;-)
Tired but cant sleep 
Tired but can't sleep 
tired but can't sleep. watching joe sprawled out is not helping.  xoxo.
tired but enjoyin watchin peter n katie.... i wish they get back together 
Tired but not 
tired but not really drunk anymore. 80's cover band was aaaamazing. wish i got pics 
Tired but unable to sleep 
Tired from a long day 
Tired from cleaning *yawn*.. sleepy time already? boo 
Tired from job... Now working on the Spanish essay again 
tired from TAFE 
Tired from volleyball  nice nap sounds good but instead i'm going swimming Haha 
TIRED FROM WORK 
tired have been on facebook for the whole night  need sleep lol
Tired i got up too early 
tired I wish i didnt have to work tomorrow  i wanna go to the beach with the guys.
Tired like hell. Even skipped the gym. Damn it! 
tired me having a shower soon  i have a cold 
tired n sore from helping my friends get packed. So going to miss my Chris n Wendy.  but hopefully can move to Phoenix myself in 5 years.
tired need a glass of wine .........irritated today 
Tired now.  My heart hurts.    Lord be with the broken hearted and give them hope for tomorrow.
tired now... really missed having a real weekend. Honeybun must be even more tired as she is still at work with no eta of finish! 
tired nowwwwwwwwwww 
tired of being lonely... 
tired of being on this damn sleep schedule!!   Up all night and sleep all day 
Tired of being poor 
Tired of being sick.....alcohol doesn't help 
Tired of being single 
Tired of being so lonely.  Isn't marriage supposed to take care of that?  
Tired of broken cell phones!!! Errrr!! And broken parents!!! And sad sisters 
tired of cleaning  i want to make something.  being creative always makes me smile
tired of everyone here who doesn't know what a real storm is.  the 1 this evening I could have slept through. I miss storm chasing. 
tired of everything, slept a lot last night,also had nightmares 
tired of getting all these mixed signals  LAST NIGHT WAS FUN w/ @juliancruzz @robby7_hart7 @itsnotsoizzy &lt;&lt;333
Tired of hearing stories about everybody going to Ibiza... 
Tired of me-time. I need some company 
Tired of playing basketball in the pool, girls lost  going to the beach, holla!
tired of running to the hosp 20 times a day! here i go once more 
Tired of rushing, racing, and running. 
TIRED of school IM SO nervous please pray forme 
tired of screaming...tired of this house...I never wanna come back 
tired of seeing dead bodies tonight kthx 
Tired of studying. Going to stop now, although i didn't remember a thing I've learned today.  but I just can't take it anymore. :s
tired of swollen hands...they don't feel good. 
Tired of taking pills 
Tired of typing...and I'm not near being done 
Tired of waiting for &quot;never going to happen&quot;. 
well i wil stop cmplaing and make myself a coffee, and start oving a bit because this twiiter thing is taking up my laundry day.i know 
well i woke up at 4:13 WHY...well guess what there is frickin swallow birds outside my window here  damn them they are noisy
Well I WON'T be going to see #Ohmymaybee spin tonight so back to the Cellar for the regular happy hour gig it is.. kind of disappointed 
Well I WOULD locate coffee nearby, if the site I need wasn't busted. Curse youuuu! Relegated to Tim Hortons... 
Well if it's just me #militarymon won't trend  requires many ppl over period of time. oh well but good stuff good times LOL
Well if the game isn't for at least an hour, i might as well get some work done.  
well ill be  got damn... i have to go back to the doctor today... when will the sunshine again because im tired of this gray cloud 
well Im a licensed driver, watch out citizens! cam I hope you not getting any sleep doesnt lessen my chances of seeing you today 
Well I'm all packed up now. Going home soon. 
Well I'm an idiot that I didn't see that coming...  maybe today I get my tattoo?
Well i'm an idiot. Stayed out in the pool for way too long. Now i'm fried like a lobster. It hurts too  no fun
Well I'm angry  technology,my router is playing games with me and there is only so much that I can handle before...Calm down,ok this sucks
well i'm around here and there if anyone wants to or would like to tlk to me. 
well im back... my family left me!  (TEARS) (cry) (lonely) :'-( http://plurk.com/p/ysnqh
well im bored migth go to bed soon gots no one to talk to 
well im bored! 
well i'm feeling sad for the family of who were in Air France plane that disappear  im so sorry !
Well I'm finally back to my own home! bout to once again do op another batch of cupcakes for work! I sho don't feel like it! 
Well I'm going off to summer school español. nothing too great. 
tired of waiting. :| 
tired of waking up at 5:30am already 
Tired plus headache 
tired so hard to make an website but i can't ugh 
Tired so tired I wanna go to sleep but I can't 
tired sore have a massive headache my eyes hurt now and i have to go to work now early and then drive home tonight late 
Tired this morning, travel lodge beds are rubbish 
Tired tired  i want to go bk to bed.
tired tired tired .... and sore neck 
tired tired tired, had to get up early for the doctors this am  x
Tired tired tired. So lazy to put makeup on. Fall asleep on my sofa. So lazy to move.  - http://tweet.sg
tired to the maximum. dad's about to leave to go back up to the hospital. i want to go too! 
Tired today and got rehearsals 5 till ten 
Tired today, still need to go to gym 
tired today.... watchin mindless tv n wonderin why the heck there r sooo many adverts 
Tired! Got home from another swimming trip! Hindi na talaga babalik kulay kuu!  Next week, beach naman. Ate a lot today. burp! XD
TIRED! i hate writing papers and i have a test tommorow 
tired! sleepy...why can't i fall asleep  lol
tired! still have to finish history. 
TIRED! The word revision makes me want to hurt myself 
tired! wahh! it's been only 4days and it feels already like a month passed me by!! 
Tired! Work all day tomorrow  the hangover is awesome.
Tired!! And Am NOt Looking Forward To Exams!!! 
tired!!!!!!! dont want MCAS on monday 
tired!!!!!!! got duties this morning 
Tired, and have stomach ache  hope I sleep well before my early start tomorrow. 8am seminars suck.
Tired, blaaah. Someone type my homework for me 
tired, bored, confused, angry, all emotions good and bad, mixed together in my body...makes for a lousy ass cocktail...thats for sure 
tired, bored, stuck at home, fighting w/ brother. yeah. happy mothers day. 
Tired, but can't sleep yet because I still have work to do. 
Tired, cold, and I need an iced coffee! I'm @ a training til 4pm.   not to mention I forgot my pants!
Well I'm going to try and sleep now I have to be at work at 9 tomorrow  and then the weekend starts!!!!  http://myloc.me/1XTs
well im gonna go shower now. gotta get rdy 4 movies in a couple hours!   byeee   ~~  Esther &lt;3    p.s.s i miss u katherine 
well i'm home alone today, its so boring here, everybody is away not fun have noting to do 
Well Im home now - They cancelled the jazz festival because of the rain. First time ever they had to cancel a day    
Well im in starbucks right now with pitz, he is working a lot, im so bored 
well im looking for job if dont find one in the next 2 weeks my mom is kicking me out 
well im not sure how many others have this issue, but i cant block people anymore  I am being flooded with spammers and bots!
Well I'm of 2 my Missed bed! Got a long day 2morrow. Daughter leaving 4 5-day camp 2morrow  She's nervous...I'm just plain scared. *Nite*
well im off of twitter for tonight been a good time and eastenders bradley cant die  bye xx
Well im off to bed, really need sleep, getting up at 6 in the morning  This was one weekend i will never forget, wish it wasn't over.
well i'm off to college.   3 hours worth of exams today. will be back before 6 hopefully feeling happy about the papers! bye.
well I'm off twitter sophie is about to die (inside joke) 
Well Im out...gonna say my good bys to my baby b4 he leaves...  
Well I'm somehow awake. Had my shower, just need to get dressed and get to work.  So tired today.
Well I'm still packing... is anyone surprised? Because I am not...Can I get to Atl already? 
well im tired and had a ok w.e im skint !!! aw its rubbish  this weekend should be good .. dunbarr !!!!
Well i'm turning in early tonight because I have to work again tomorrow at 9a.m. 
well im up  s'gony rain ehday  and some wummin has kicked eh bucket cos of swine flu In scotland  All you Port high childen uh oh lol
well im up now about to get a shower and start the day...not ready for school  this week shall majorly suck
well im..looking past my fear of sleeping at home alone  because im just to darn tired! goodnight everyoneee.
Well imagine that: I slept in and missed swimming this morning. I'm not even at home and I think they all left me 
well imm off to bed all goodnight have a great day tomorrow its 11 pm exact gotta be up at 4:45 am yikes 
Well in the orchestra but out seats are poopy! Cause were near the back! I wish I was on stage  where did you get to sit?
Well it is not fair my website hster is down 
Well it looks as though I may have to toughen up and brave the bus without Sam 
Well it looks like the Majic pulled  a &quot;rabbit&quot; our of their (Hat)....lol... 
well it rained anyways 
Well it sounds like sum kids with matches lit sum grass on fire 
well it sunny outside..... but im stuck indoors far far away from a window  roll on dinner
Well it was fun while it lasted 
Well it's a beautiful day here! I am getting ready for work wondering where all of this endless laundry is coming from  Busy Wednesday bye
well its back to life... but now its a strange land im virgin to.  i just wanna play baseball 
well its back to school 2morra  roll on summer hols
Well its late guess i go to sleep 
well its not a good day for me today is my cousin funeral 
Well its official. I have a family thing tonight. Missing it is not an option and i'm as sick as a dog. 
Well its official. I no longer have an apartment in Athens   Growing up sucks.
well it's official: Jon and Kate Gosselin are getting a divorce. Those poor poor precious children 
Tired, cranky, hot &amp; cold &amp; voice is weird. PLEASE NO SICKNESS  Hopefully just tired. Sleep in Thursday will fix *nods*
tired, exhausted...excited? all at once! BAAHHHH cant sleep right meow. 
tired, fed up and a weekend of no sleep on its way 
tired, feeling sorry for myself and wondering if i made a massive mistake! Missing you 
tired, frustrated, cranky  blahhh its monday.
tired, havent been feeling to well, doctors dont know what i have......  possibly have to go get blood work done
Tired, headachy, and don't wanna have a garage sale.  No use whining about it though. It has to be done.
tired, i would love to see metro station todaay, but i caaaan't ! 
tired, in a bad mood and not feeling myself. 
tired, in PJs and hiding under my comfy blanky in front of telly  .  I'm truly showing my age now ;).
tired, not stoked for my science exam tomorrow 
tired, ready for a nap but must do some work first... 
tired, sad, and want to go home 
Tired, scratch that, I'm exhausted!!! Jaydon was wide awake from about 3 til about 5 this morning... meaning no sleep for me 
Tired, starting my AP summer assingment! 
tired, uncomfortable, in pain...cant sleep..missed his text...yay for me 
tired, want to go home 
Tired.   Have to study !
Tired.  At least I get to sleep in tomorrow - but, I also have be hospitalized (outpatient) for the angiogram 
Tired.  Why can I never get the right amount of sleep?
Tired. . . Not looking forward to the really long day tomorrow 
Tired. About to climb into bed and fall asleep. I hope this weekend will be fun... I only have a couple of weeks left 
Tired. And still heaps to do. 
Tired. Bed now. Sorry about all the tweets tonight. 
TIRED. Don't wanna leave. 
Tired. I miss my phone 
tired. in seattle and had wonderful food with the crew. bedtime. 0430 show 
Well its program time but i dont think anyone is gonna show up 
Well it's saturday! Hubby has to work today.  Ethan decided to get up at 5:30 this morning. I'm going to finish my kits!
Well its seems I, like Isa, have also missed things on the forum ... not liking it 
well its still hot and still booring in Muscat and I still follow tennis to cope with it all 
Well its stupid o'clock and we're off to the airport,again 
well its summer so bored and i can txt and i have been emailing u rosie.. lolz so i really want to go somewhere... 
Well it's time for me to get off now  i'll talk to you all tommorow! have a great night!
Well it's time to say goodbye!  Heading back home.... 
Well I've achieved one of my numerous things to do this weekend, need to create a list, and from looking at my taxes, I need to do filing 
Well I've finished the work I wanted to get done, ending my first ever 70 hour working week   Now housework and packing for my trip home!
Well just tried to sort one site's problem - no luck.  boo.
well just woke up. what will i do today oh thats right.....work 
well justins story is over  what to do now?
Well Kelsi  left... its a little boring but now i can rest a few minutes... then i have to go work 
Well kori just said no  but i love you very much
Well last night was my turn to be up all night throwing up...damn kids and their bugs 
Well later friends better do some work! 
well least we only blew 2 of 4 rear rv tires haha  why do we ALWAYS have such shitty luck 
Well let's top it off, Capone (my bull terrier) just got into a fight with the neighbor's dog; it broke my heart to see my lil boy fight 
Well life is so confusing and I feel sick to my stomach! I'm dieing obviously because the shot I got last week didn't help 
Well live is down for all tomorrow, looks like I'm sleeping in and no XBOX Live all day. I'm saddened. 
well looks like i went out in sixth place. so much for the hundred bucks i coulda won 
Well looks like my savings will be going towards Kenny fund AND a new camera now..... 
Well lying down failed..classroom floor was cold and hard and my bag wasn't exactly the worlds most comfortable pillow... Fml 
Well maybe I should get out of the house! 
Well maybe I'll watch it tomorrow I'm sleepy  tomorrow I spend quality time with my dad, which means were gonna go shopping 
Well Monday... You can KMA. I miss Sunday   *tear*
well movie night spoilt by fracked up disk-happiness gone, so time for sleep 
Well my best friend is graduating from high school today 
Well my dog alerted on a visitor today.  No finds, though 
Well my dog woke me up. She licked my face haha. It's only 7am 
well my net is back but slow.. 
Well my phones about to die...  no more tweets untill later.
well my rebate request was invalid. now i dont get my 50 dollars back. 
Well my sister and brother-in-law left kinda sad!! Idk when I'll see them again!! 
well my sunbathing plan has failed its now raining 
Well my super-fantastic day has pretty much gone to shit. Grrrr 
well my throat infection has reached my ear  i know sounds weird but my right ear is paining and the doc said its becoz of the infection
well my twitter through mobile aint working. so no Tiesto livetwitterreport  sorry
Well nearly everything from the kitchen is in boxes... so its toast for brinner! 
well nevermind about that. the games are canceled 
well nighty night all! not how i wanted to end my day, by my lonesome.  but ill live! goodnight all! mwah!
Well no crap! Airlines bag revenue surges. Let's look on the bright side USAir decided to let us have free sodas.   http://bit.ly/tBVh4
Well no linen 4 me 2day  put the capri's on &amp; they looked like pants they r so big that what happens when u lose weight like I have...
Well no more internet at work for me  the end of a era...
Well no sushi date tonight with Tyson.. he had to leave this morning  Damn inconsistent job!
well no.. she did not say she hates me.. I'm just affraid I lost a good friend 
well not really, but i did feel kinda sick 
Well nothing there at hot topic for about 2 hours and i won nothing so sad 
well now he made himself a drink and not me BRB have to get my own 
Well now i really just want to go home 
well now my mom has the cold and so does my dad and my middle bro, im sorry everyone for passing it on 
Well now what im gonna do!! I Can't Watch SmackDown Today!!  I Wanna Watch It!!!
Well off 2 watch some more tv and wishing i was at mcfly's concert right now 
well off to bed first nite back at SA...miss my family and church folk already... 
well off to see if my nose if fractured.....it hurts so bad 
Well off to vets for me with doodles and starla not gonna be cheap  xxx
well off to work   1 down 4 to go
well offf to work got the early lunch break so back to work for me I go  Can't wait for @Dexter tonight and Wizard101.com Epic Time!
well oh well, God must have something else for me 2 do this week, oh and my ankle hurts real bad,I twisted it! 
Well okay maybe Il set up my background another day...Photoshops ...not being nice 
Well okay, first service for CM done! One to go... This could be the touchy service! 
Well on a normal day I'd already be done with work...Unfortunately this is not a normal day. Which means I'll be in the office till late. 
Well on the plane back to NYC 
well once again it's cold got nothing 2 do 
well paisley has one of those cone things around her head...SO funny but I feel bad for her 
Well pissed off. Sacred 2 main quest has bugged out on me and I cant continue. So that's that binned! 
Well plans change.  Headed to Canada tomorrow, Grandfather isn't doing well so me and the girls are headed up earlier than expected 
well pooh. I spaced on a phone call. 
Well poop, my guitar lesson was canceled today  I'm so sad. I hope his son feels better soon tho.
We'll probably be here and working on the farm.    Have a feeling it'll be end of summer or Fall before we get out heinies up there.
well r u tryin 2 call or what?? let me know whats going on! I FEEL SO ALONE LIKE SAM!!!  
Well rats, the thunderboomers are starting much earlier then yesterday 
Well read that book in one day &amp; also BAWLED my eyes out.. I've shed tears before while reading &amp; this was straight out bawling 
Well rite i gt a headache 
Well school's finally over and idk but I'm sad  I'll miss my teachers. Goodbye Mrs R. and Mr. Collister
Well Scott got home from work only to have to leave for his Board Meeting.   Plus he's working Fathers Day! I feel bad for him &amp; miss ...
Well scratch that it's all sold out 
Well scratch that... the restaurant we were going to is closed 
Well shes texting me, but im still not improtant to her. 
WELL SHIT, one part of my car (the worst looking part) is now looking good, now the other parts (the good parts) look terrible 
well shit, she read the email and she's not even going to do the call.  poop.
Well shit. Apparently I didn't fix it  If at first you don't succeed, try and try again!
well since cricket is off i might aswell do some work 
Well since the 9500 Blackberry Storm will b about as much as itll cost me 2 upgrade 2 the 3Gs mid contract might as well stick w/ AT&amp;T 
Well so far no takers on the new city forums  oh well I tried
Well so far pain killers not working, antibiotics making me feel sick and toothache remains. Great 
Well so fuckin much for that. I'm alone... Yet again 
tired. last night i did not sleep well 
tired. might snooze. my life is dull  hoping to change that soon.
Tired. Need to learn script. Do this vid. And I have school tomoz 
tired. not focused. summer  its taking too long!
tired. not impressed with Monday. 
Tired. Sleepy. Exhausted. Need my beauty sleep! 
tired. So upset about my dress. How hard is it these days to cinch in a little cotton dress these days, without screwing it up? 
tired. super sick right now 
tired. tired. tired. only reason i woke up was HUNGER. now i want to sleep but dont think i can  my tummy is still a lil full!
Tired. Wish i didn't have to go to work. 
tired. worried. and missing my baby 
tired. zoo trip got cancelled cause of rain 
tired... been a long day. massive headache  good night everyone.
Tired... BUT I cant sleep 
Tired... I have to make breakfast &amp; lunch for tomorrow.  
Tired... so tired. 
tired... three ours sleep 
tired... why o why am I always tired 
Tired....    Exhausted....    K.O.....    
Tired.... and it's only monday 
tired..... so not looking forward 2 2nite 
Tired......6 hours of sleep in 2 days im worn out 
Tired......got a headache  
Tired....didn't really get to bed last night 
Tired....watching Camp Rock...sadly. 
tired...haven't managed a decent night's sleep for a while now  maybe i'm nocturnal
Tired...I Feel Sick...Any1 Wanna Take Care Of Me? 
tired...work tomorrow 
Tired..Paige is Ill and she is trying to sleep which makes her more ill...always to me for some reason.. 
tired.iritated.hungry.=GRUMPY   all things I should never be.
tired/cranky today 
tiredd  might be going to the casino.
Well so much for going scuba diving tomorrow. It's supposed to thunderstorm. Don't mind the rain but lightning is a problem 
Well so much going on, not enough time to read it all.  
well softball's down  we lost our 1st game in the playoffs
Well sprained my wrist today...hard to type 
well still here and not getting out until at least 2moro? 
Well stopped to potty and the car won't crank. Timing belt broke. This is not good at all! 
well super excited its summer but the weather sucks so no fire tonight  gonna see the hangover with nikki.
Well suppose I best get on with the dreaded decorating boooo! 
well th lil man has tonsilitis, so a wk of calpol &amp; anti-biotics! he was not happy when i had 2 wake him to go to th docs! poor lil man! 
WEll than. I had a cruddy last day of school. 
Well thanks to the campus being on lock down I can't get into the student center for my show this morning 
well that didnt last long.. guess its still the longest happpy streak ive had.. back to my sad depressing life.. 
Well that exam blew! Why did I add depreciation?! I need a coffee 
well that feel a bit better but still lyin in hospital 
well that is wierd that all my phone updates are out of order  my phone service is a sad panda
Well that sucks   No #cubs today.  Im gonna start going through withdrawal.
Well that sucks...guess we don't have more gavin dates 
well that was a bloody waste of a perfectly good night  stick with your friends, kids!
Well that was a completely disappointing visit. I don't want to meet your on/off girlfriend. I want to see you 
Well that was a first. I found out what the barf bags are used for on airplanes. Barf. 
Well that was a fun nights work, now to start the working day 
Well that was a shit game  Oh well! Off to the pub now, but I'm driving so no booze! 
Well that was a waste of time 
well that was annoying.  *deep breaths*
Well that was embarassing! 
Tiredd &amp;&amp; Cranky  At Least The Race Was Productive.
tiredd. tiredd. tiredd. doesnt wanttt to go to school tommorwoww 
tiredd... but can't fall asleep 
tireddd as fuck. full of crappy junk food.  thankfully gonna spend the night with the bestieee.
tireddd. classy class till 4. work at 4:30 
tiredddd  getting sicker nothing like exercise in the rain!!
Tiredddd.  Went on a morning walk and !MAN! the sun just kills you! lol
tireddddd, amorettes little brother is a tad noisyyyyy  bless him
tiredddddd  but 17 on fridayyy x
tiredddddd. i should be doing assignments. 
tiredness kicking in. Got extremely drunk last night, then up for BNI meeting at 5.30am. Must arrange drinking times better 
tireed.. hope i'd get at least normal score for this fuckin exam 
tireedddd 
Tires replaced, expensive  
tiring day 
Tiring day with all the work and sad news  sad sadder saddest....
Tiring day! I didn't know going to the zoo would be so tiring!!! I didn't manage to see polar bears  
tiring weekend. OMG! monday again. 
tirreeeddd sick of being sick 
Tirrred. Watching Chris Crocker videos. Just made some rocky rooaad, I wanna eat it but the chocolate hasn't set 
'tis 6am Saturday. I should still be asleep, instead I've been awake for 30 mins 
Tis bright and sunny and i'm in work 
tis is me sithu08!  i miss my old account.
Tis too hot!  Wanna go out and take some photos, but feel like I am gonna melt after more than 5 mins out there! Bring back yesterday.
tiss sad when people leave 
Tissues, airwaves and eye drops are an essential atm with me. Damn hayfever  on the bright side, shopping with Zoey 
Well that was fun I'm stuffed and bored at home with no computer 
well that was one way to get me to change my dress 
well that was painful  #goodnight and #goodluck
well that was sad could not find anything good 
Well that was stressful &amp; disappointing  Lakers win in overtime. Magic seemed not to understand the concept of offensive rebounds. #Magic
Well that's a bummer 
Well thats a shitty start. My dad wont let me stay in travel lodge with @shannyrpi after lostprophets on my birthday 
well thats a total failure. the joanns at the lakewood mall is no more 
well that's a whole diff story then, just doesn't sound like it was much fun for ya 
Well that's awkward... At least it's just potted plants in there... Bring back the fountain  http://twitpic.com/7qf6a
Well that's great. Just got to Boston (only 2h late) only to find out that I didn't pack my charger cable for the iPhone. 
Well that's it, I am now officially 39yrs old. Oh god that means there's exactly 1yr left til my 40th 
Well that's just confused things even more now  what the bloody hell do I do
Well that's just not cool, Shazam for iPhone is OS 3.0 and up only now, was looking forward to setting my dad's iPhone up with it. 
Well thats nice I must say, you disappear for months inadvertently making people think you're dead, then you come back and they've gone 
Well thats nice. I'm trying to find a driver for a MPC computer and they shut down their site. 
Well thats not very nice  lol
Well that's that decided, I can't skate the London to Brighton as I can't get to London for 6am on Sunday 
Well thats that soccer is over   team picnic tonight.
Well that's the last of the Fabs gone 
Well the bro was up 4-2 but lost 6-4 1st set 
well the cake is ready but not as nince as it should be 
Well the day was long! I was hung over, i worked, i auditioned for a show and didn't get to see John Green!  http://tinyurl.com/n8jgsm
well the day was looking up...not so much anymore 
well the dogs had enough of the music....shame the humans still want to dance   http://sml.vg/xwWmh3
Titan Maximum department head meeting starting now. See you all in 90 minutes.   
Titan went to the babysitters today, for two week i dont get to see my pup 
Titanic ? ok well i cry every single time at the end of the movie 
Titanic and family guy on... Don't know what to do!!! 
Titanic is even more sad tonight now that the last survivor has died. 
titanic makes me cry like a baby 
titanic part 2. the sad part. 
Titanic! I love this movie! Its so sad. 
Title race over  Tried to stay positive as long as possible! City's performance today was nothing short of upsetting
Tito albums on this iPod: none. FML 
Tj maxx has no cute bathing suits!!!  tat so not cool!!!
TJ's BBQ &amp; Grill spice mix and low sodium soy sauce. Good except marinated with too much soy sauce.  http://yfrog.com/6mwcej
t'karanggg! aku main Pirates Rule The Caribbean masa ane on fb  so addictive wa! (
TKD Show was sick. I don't want to go to school or work tomorrow 
TLAReleasing  I've only been in the office for a little more then two hours, and I want to leave. Not my best Monday.... 
TM (still) and OME Forums are down this morning. 
tmi tweet; i havent had a period for three months and was concerned, and i finally have it and just wish it would go away. so much pain! 
Tmi.....i have the worse gas right now.... 
TMI: I just ate spaghetti and my stomach is not happy... do not want to throw that up, been there done that and it's GROSS. And stringy. 
t-minus 10 minutes until clean-up and bath time.  Not my favorite time of day.  
T-minus 18 hours until graduation... T-minus 24 days until Alex leaves for SK for a year (without us)... *sigh*  I need to be packing. 
well the fun lasted a lil bit...now my fevers back &amp; i feel like shit &amp; this no voice thing isnt as entertaining. someone make me tea 
Well the hot chick at work gave the manager the middle finger response. An quit. She's punkrock, i'll miss her 
Well the Nuggets lost, blah. No matter what happens I guess we all have to tolerate the lakers in the finals...again 
Well the rain came. 
Well the rumors r true.  Jon &amp; Kate are getting divorced.  &amp; I didn't even cry.   I shall hold out hope that they will get back together
well the weather has really taken a turn for the worse. Turned from a lovely day to windy and raining 
Well the weekend is coming to the end..  its Ok.. I have my son here making of laugh to feel better
well the weekend is here and it is yet again pissing down outside !!! so the best weather for snuggling !!!!    
Well there's goes my Saturday... 
well they just told me that my grandma has lung cancer and for her i gave up my oportunity for my dream i hope you get better 
Well they kicked some West Coast butt the other night by 41 points!  I have to urgently get my wisdom teeth out and it is complicated 
Well they won't let me update in store.  guess I'll have to wait until Friday night.
well this is around the 3rd time i call freddy and no answer....i feel rejected.... 
Well this is interesting. It seems that the PS3 version of the MadCatz sticks do not work on usb ports powered by nVidia/ATI chipsets yet 
well this is it im not gonna be home for a week talk to u guys l8ter.   :
Well this is just very upsetting. I'm going to bed now 
well this is sad 
Well this isn't so bad as I thaught- but neither of my faveorite managers are here... 
Well THIS morning... didn't notice how late it was... sheesh 
well this stinks. I tried to change my photo and it's not working. 
Well this sucks, my cable and internet are out. 
t-minus 6 hours 
T-minus one day...then all doom breaks loose! 
T-minus something like 4 hours. I totally forgot my book. 
TMN Media group to be wound up, ouch 
T-Mobile's data network is down in my area! Thought it was just me, but evidently everyone else is suffering too! 
T-Mobile's data network is down in my area! Thought it was just me, but evidently everyone else is suffering too!  Glad there's Wi-Fi!
tmrw is the last day of school. i have never said this at the end of a school year but im really sad...  
Tmrw we drop off the dogs at the &quot;sitters&quot; for a week while we are on vacation...I'm sad already!  I'm gonna miss them! 
to @minette95 yes, mayb u'r right, but im 15 and like a 15 yr old girl i really wanna be inlove again, so i wanna find him right now! 
To @oceaneyze  it is going to cost lots 
To access all my notes from #uxlondon use: http://feeds.feedburner.com/FunctioningForm My site's being fickle 
To add insult to injury, the rear wheel was stolen off my crippled bike.now it just looks like a sad pile of scrap chained to a fence  #fb
To alexia they extracted poor blood of her  
To all mt furry pals...&quot;Live Long And Prosper&quot; Please take care out there, its one cruel world we live in, not everyone loves us... 
to all my fans that expected me at Tantra last nite... apologies... never take a nap before you supposed to go out... 
well this sux. it wont let me vote anymore for @ddlovato 
Well this volcano project is coming anlong...I think I may have overstepped the 2nd grade level science project my son and i started 
Well this was a huge freaking bust. I wish i had just stayed asleep.  http://tinyurl.com/mc7ncw
Well time to clean up  ttyl
well time to go to bed still going to school unfortunatly 
Well today doesn't seem any better than yesterday, still no one talking to me... Lucky me 
well today is gonna suck, working 2 till 10:30 thn have to be awake by 7 am the next day 
Well today was a waste, hopefully tomorrow after work will be better. Wish I didn't have to work tomorrow 
well today was intense and very tiring, also it was my last day of school  goodbye!! but i did win an amazing award ^^
well tonight was kinda a bummer we ended up not doing any thing but chillin at matts 
well trying to find a college.....what fun 
Well trying to get some sleep but I want my &lt;3 with me 
well turned off the game 
Well tweeples its another rainy day in philly   it was soooo nice yesterday I feel like I'm on punishment for having fun ystrdy! LOL
Well tweeps, mother in law is on her way. Not much hope for my twitter addiction today.    Tweet 'ya later!
Well Tweeps. I'm back in the good ol' USA. I really, really miss Prague. 
well tweethearts its been real .. gotta b up mad early for the gym  .. nite barbies .. kens and friends! *muah*
Well twiter dont work with O2!! just with vodaphone 
Well TwitFam, its been a busy Fri. Worked w/ @bigggc @ studio (luv my THB fam). Met some awesome people. Then got tummy ache  Nite, Nite!
well twits. i think i need to retire for the night. pain is worsening &amp; i have nausea  hope everyone has a fabulous night.. xoxo summer
To all my followers that may have been, at first glance confused, @Honeygeorge is definitely a male and the moniker came from my business 
To all of my wasted days 
To all that I need to ship stuff to,I dont think Ill get around to doing it till Monday  I know I said today but I dont think Ill have ...
To all those on their way to @media2009 have a great 2 days. Wish i hadn't had to give my seat up 
To all who have ever tried to shop for gifts for me: I'm sorry I'm impossible to shop for 
To all who wonder why I engage rather strongly: Freiburg friends are in Iran with University group. Can't reach them, they don't twitter 
To all......I'm done Twittering......My Last Entry::::&gt; You can put the &quot;Salt&quot; away now... 
To audreys.sounds soooo funny but we got to work for the exams  . Gosh I do love twitter!
to bad Cam died in the first one 
To bad i cant say the same about you 
To Bad it is monday again 
To be able to do some climbing this summer, I embarked on my fit plan w/ wii My Fitness Coach, how hard could that be? limping for 3 days 
Well Twitter family, it's a no go for season 9  it's cool...another time and another place!
well twitter took a long time to verify my accout or sth  i was uploading a pic then couldn't login for like 20000 hours -_-
well twitterverse off to bed up at 6am for work  tweet tomorrow goin to c last house on left, let u no wat think!
well umm yess,i miss simple plan,josh farro,and....curtis ward 
Well up for a bit of superbadness but will just fall asleep 
We'll watch &amp; wait &amp; tomorrow I can take anyone who needs to the dr w/o having to take everyone else....N's cheeks &amp; ears red as my hair 
well we got a kitty..took her home. introduced her to butters..and they didnt like eachother at allllll. so we had to take her back 
well well well the rain is back in the lovely forest of dean 
well well well, i must myself get up and walk over to the juice centre  sigh
well well well.. twitter won't let me upload my latest pics  so this one will just have to do for now until twitter un-gays itself!!!
Well what do I do now? 
well wow. that kind of hurt. what an awesome day..... not. 
Well!  It's about darn time, Dallas!  Welcome to my Twitter.  I have more disciples than Jesus had!  Course, I lost one today I see... 
well, @Olkaaaaa i think we are in the same situation then! LOL   i think we should left all behind and fall into the bed to sleep NOW! lol
Well, 2605 Briana Shay is officially gone  Our first house is sold
well, 2morrow i have 2 go to my aunts funeral 
Well, activated my Facebook account again... felt lonely 
Well, after spending a few hours trying to get this webcam to work with Windows 7, i now have a completely dead webcam. no more streaming 
Well, all the cake is gone. Even the back-up cake, the emergency cake and the possibly-might-be-needed-later cake. 
Well, all the lightning and thunder negates my &quot;Sunny Day at the Beach&quot; plan. 
Well, Andy's still not home and I'm getting anxios and worried 
Well, another Mother's Day in the books, another 900 happy people; less than last year  EAT MORE LOBSTER!
well, as usual, i have to study, but MAN! no one can deal with this! everyday i have a test! I do need vacation! as quichly as possible! 
Well, back from lunch. Time to get down to some work  Hopefully going to see Star Trek tonight. Yay!
Well, basketball season is officially over for me. First Houston gets eliminated and now Boston  Owell..go...Rangers??
Well, because my bedroom smells bad (idk y..) so i sleep in the guest room tonight. 
well, crap. my website is down 
well, crap. One of my fall students was just deployed to Iraq and had to drop all his classes 
Well, crud. I deleted my current picture, but Twitter is not letting me upload a new picture. I guess I'll be photo-less for a while. 
well, d&amp;d closes@11...on a norm night, i would get out by like 11:30-11:45......its 1:05 &amp; i just got home  i hate my job...
well, didn't make it past quarter finals. 4th place  just not cut out for the big boats. thanks to everyone for coming to cheer us on.
Well, DS just left for his first day of his first job.  
well, ending our CSU sale, went pretty well.  Wish Nuggets would have showed up last night 
Well, g2g now  got a phyc appoint. bullucks, cnat stand them, well twitterers I give each and ever1 of u a hug xD xx #scarlettomcflylogo
Well, Gang, sorry I can't really stay and chat...I'm tired and I need some rest...throat hurts something awful and I lost my voice!!! 
to be honest i don't think i can do that anymore so i have to end it 
To be honest, I don't know what I'm doing right now. 
To bed at 2, awake at 7  My head hurts from sleep deprivation. Well to me it is sleep deprivation &lt;sticks tongue out&gt;
To bed I go. Too tired to stay up for GG  LOL
to com fome 
to com fomeee 
to com friiooooo  eu preciso irr nesse intercollege  UHAUHAUH
to com mt fome! 
to com soninho 
To dad: my eyes hurt 
To darn hot!  I can't even get in the pool 
to day is so unlucky. I broke a chair 
to day was the last day of school!! and it finally hit me. i cried~! basically half of my family is gone. 
To DC Vertigo: pleaseee don't change the spine designs of Transmetropolitian. I've got half of them in the old design!  Argh.
to doente. 
to early to go to work...... 
To Fan :   please Slow on Update i cant See anything
To fix our system for y2k they coded years as 2000 = '20, 2001 = '21, etc. Essentially replacing the y2k bug with a y2010 bug. Oh dear. 
to French wankers http://tinyurl.com/coq2vg J'ai pas pu r�sister 
well, got a big long car ride tomorrow...going to miss my mom lots 
Well, hello there, twitter amigos and amigas. Happy Monday to all. If you sent me a reply or a messg, I can't respond, they're all gone. 
Well, here i go again. 
Well, I am very disappointed tonight. Nancy Grace has a stand-in tonight. No craziness for me to watch. *sadness* 
Well, I change my background . Now I have to study. Good bye 
well, i didn't get a snack  but i'm very bored.
Well, I feel a little bit better today, but not great! My pc broke down last night! I put it in the shop today, so I have wait until mon! 
Well, i feel like a failure. my little bro wants to kill himeslf cuz of me. like, he said that. he's six. 
well, i got sent to front room because of disease! oh pleaseee don't treat my like this.. 
Well, I guess I'll let ya go to bed 
Well, I guess I'm not going to #wbc then 
Well, I guess there's no trip to Jungle Jim's or IKEA today... bummer.  But at least I'll be able to get some things done anyway! Anyone
well, i guess we're fighting again. ugh 
Well, I HAD the overtired &amp; cranky B asleep in the mei tai. Unfortunately putting her in bed woke her up again, along with both parents 
Well, I have succeeded in getting my sleep pattern backwards again 
Well, i have to leave for university now 
Well, I have to THANK YOU @PrototypeDemo for informing me of this, cuz I may not have grasped it right away LOL! 
Well, I just had an interesting experience with a blue screen of death.  Great.  #BSOD
to get something done right one must do it oneself..  i'm tired of being me...
to get the 3GS for $199/299.  Unfortunately, they were all from back east.  
To go Or not to go, she is having her first big performance tonite why did we have to break up now 
To hot to be in work  hope it stays liek this till the weekend
to hot to do anything !!!!! 
To indo depois eu voltooo.... ps: i miss you 
To love me means you have to fight to prove to me that you love me. Sometimes i just can't tell with you... I miss the old you 
To many vodka shots last night!! not good 
To mountain house. Sick like heck 
to move away or not to move away? hmmmmmmmm.....im stuck 
to much alay on my facebook..aaaaaaa 
To much work... Not enough time to play 
to music &lt;3 love that  no answer of my dreamboy yet 
to my FA friends. Am I kicked out??..lol  I cant access the forums 
To my friends from The Sims Online - http://tsostar.com will go down within a month, last chance to stroll memory lane. 
To my friends: I know I can be depressing/annoying when I complain so much, but it just feels unhealthy to hold it all in. I'm sorry 
To my friends: Sorry if I sent (dm) you an invitation to http://linux.com. I didn't mean to send it to EVERYONE on my list. I apologize 
well, i just lost an hours worth of work. 
Well, I just punched a wall until my knuckles bled. I don't like being yelled at first thing in the morning. 
Well, I searched everyone for my son's missing gecko, and I just can't find it. I'm sure my cats will though. 
Well, I think 
well, i thought i was going to get a tatto today, but i was wrong about that one, so anyway I'm gonna take my day off and veg out.   
well, i tried. twitter just doesn't want me to have a pic.  *sniff*sniff* 
well, i was going to hang out with my little sister, but slight change in plans...Jen's in the hospital..so headed to wake med 
Well, I was hoping to make the new app IronPython compatible too. Oh well 
Well, I will write the lyrics on a twitlonger....hope someone reads it 
Well, I...I really don't know what to say. http://bit.ly/1a0sMC (via @Glinner) I got the ocarina app for iPhone... 
Well, if I was in Michigan right now, I'd be at my Uncle's funeral. 
Well, I'm a little disappointed in #familyguy tonight. The Old episodes are just not that great!! Boo hoo 
well, im certainly off to a &quot;good&quot; start - just found a big splat of a toothpaste stain on my sweater  Gonna be one of those days...
Well, I'm going to have to wait for a long time. Awwwwww... 
well, i'm going to sleep. i'm fucking tired. bye bye 
well, im going to sleep....Happy Fathers Day to all!! im going to be tired tomorrow...or today at my Dad's house 
Well, I'm just a bit over halfway  . No gusto
Well, I'm not gonna lie, The Da Vinci Code SUCKED!
Well, Im not okay!!! 
well, im now moving to antarctica...   
Well, I'm sitting in the waiting room of my Dr office. My appointment was supposed to be 25 minutes ago 
well, i'm trying to fix my background, but twitter isn't letting me! oh well, i'll try again tomorrow. sorry for the cheesy layout 
To no carro ouvindo The Ting Tings. Isso me lembra Brighton, jah faz quase 1 ano 
To pocasi me fakt sere, vydal sem se sekat travu do jiznich cech  a nejspis vostrouham 
to press enter. i think i messed up something underneath 
To quote Jahunka, &quot;OMGGG I am so hungry.   &quot; Time to get a late night snack and finish packing for tomorrow. #ONTD
To quote The Chemical Brothers. &quot;The time has come to push the button. My finger is on the button.&quot; Of the heater that is 
to rain 
to rainy for bike 
To say it with@LaineyGossip: I hate people. 
To say it's hot in Houston is a huge understatement.  This is miserable. There is no lake to jump in 
To Someone who I haven't talked about all day *okay once*, but didn't see today  :
To stay or not to stay... At bell. Gaaaah! This is driving me nuts. 
to swim or not to swim? the ocean's cold 
To tell you all the truth, I've just woken up. It's like all my alarms didn't work today. My shoulder is feeling squished 
to tell you something? hmm 
To the custom who stole my favorite jacket... I will find you... And I will hurt you 
To the dentist this morning  but the rest of the day is a day off. Or is it?
to the middle of my frustrated fearssssssssssssssssssssss (8) im so boredd 
to the next party 
To these dudes to make them act like this.. Honestly its starting to scare me a little 
to think is easy boyf. but to act is hard 
to think only half the day has gone by  I still have 4 hrs left
To those of you who follow me on cattyson . . . my account has been suspended  someone hacked into my account.
well, ima walk to my grans cause my family is either camping, playing golf or @ the hospital and there no food here  no tweets for a while
Well, is everyone saying I should scrap this or something? 
Well, it appears that interview #1 is a no-show.    Blah!  Must sit here for another hour, hoping #2 shows.
Well, it looks like I will be closing THIS act, and re-opening a new one due to creepy brother-in law stalking me! 
Well, it officially hit me at 3:47am that I'm leaving BG for good. Now I need someone to come dry my tears 
Well, it was more of a nervous laugh....damn, i keep screwing up tonight, huh?  @JGDemas
Well, it's getting close, but still no cigar  http://isultrasn0woutyet.com/
Well, it's MEGA hot out, I just found out I have to teach class tomorrow, AND the boss wants me to rush my TEM work.... goodbye weekend 
Well, it's not Rashard's or Turk's fault!! Who can I blame besides them? (nice 3 pointer, Rashard 
Well, it's unfortunately clear that Nintendo no longer has any love for me. 
Well, i've got the cold everyone 
Well, Kingdom Hearts for Wii is cool I suppose, and the new Mario and Luigi RPG...but damn, Nintendo is fucking up.  #E3
Well, laughing with @annaaa19. @Mannnnnuel is not laughing. 
Well, limk lost the replay...how depressing 
Well, looks like I'm going to be 30 minutes later than I wanted 
Well, looks like I'm moving again. 
well, me and my friend were attacked by about 20, 5-8 year olds today that tried to lift up my dress and spat on me. LOVELY KIDS THEY ARE 
well, meh. Mom can't help me do the quilting part of it for another week  Oh well. I have until August really, anyway.
To top it off he has an ear infection   Poor little thing.  I haven't paid off for those ear tubes.  I hope he won't have to get replaced
To transcode a 100MB .wmv to a 100MB .flv file without loss of quality - possible, or not?  Anyone know?  Everything I try is terrible 
to triste 
to tweet or not to tweet that is the dumb question. no one really looks at this anyway. 
To Where You Are - The saddest song ever  Still thinking about you, every day RIP
to wish for 2 good ones in a row.   
To work!  Then interview then more work tonight 
Toad Suck Daze is shut down for the day...check website later for info about tomorrow...big possibility of flooding downtown...stay away 
Toaster working a little slow this morning....must be the swine flu 
toastie's broke, its all sticking  i've had no lunch! 
Toby is talking in his sleep!! Hahaha wish i could sleep!!! 
Todai in daly city was closed down  soooo dissapointed but we had Filipino food for my lolas bday tho..
today - Office, lunch, BBQ, Party, another party.  No FGF.  
Today !z my classes last day w!t me, meet my new class today and I have a mRi to go to...b!zzy day  I wish I could see heR
Today (as was the case yesterday as well) I, like Duncan Sheik, am &quot;barely breathing.&quot;  f-ing viral infection.
Well, my dog still isn't at the shelter. I hope someone good has him 
well, my foot odor problem is def. back!  hmph. 
Well, my parsley is no longer organic! 
well, my Twilight bandanas &amp; pins came in, but my clothes didn't.  I wish they did. I want my Twitter shirt!!!!
Well, needs to install Photoshop badly...  haha. 
well, nevermind. I don't have any tickets to give away... 
Well, no.  6 minutes to go. #concacaf
Well, off to school in about 40 minutes! 
Well, off to work in a mo. Long one today. Back in 14 hours 
Well, only 2 work days left til Friday 5pm. 4 work days left til I'm on my own here. Joe is leaving   
Well, read my morning &quot;paper&quot; now realy time to leave,.. i so need a smartphone 
Well, selective twitter was working for about a minute on facebook... now, not so much. it's 2 late for this.      #fb
Well, seriously! I am now going to bed! I think i can make it! Yeah I've got to go... never gonna wake up!  xxx
Well, shuttle I like your design. Truly sexy, but I can't deal with 230w psu....disapointing.     no richradin' here.
Well, snake hunting with @chrisvonc was a bust. 
Well, so much for being productive on my 2 days off from Angels 
Well, someone was up half the night.  You couldn't sleep?  
Well, Susan Boyle was beaten... pretty pissed of that S.F didn't win  ohh well, lush day again ;o sun is shinning, I'm off to relax. x
Well, that didn't go well. I couldn't put much pressure on my arms so I had to use my back to hold me up. Bad idea, so I came back home. 
Well, that didn't work so much. 
Well, that sucked. 
Well, that sucked. We had to leave at the end of the 6th, and the Royals promptly imploded.  I had a good time at the game, though.
well, that sucks!!! 
well, that was fun, now i know what that noise was inside my computer 
Well, that was interesting. I'm gonna try to find something to do tonight... at home... by myself... 
well, thats another un-eventful meeting over 
well, that's how it rolls you bitch. Stop bullying me 
Well, the apartment smells like the bottom of a lake. And things are warped. But I am most sad about all my playbills getting soaked. 
Well, The concert was good but... It would be better 
today . is .  D-DAY   
TODAY . nothing happens 
today = been sad 
Today = SEM Work... Apparently this is how I spend my weekends now since there is only time for SEO during work hours 
today a quieter day catching up at home, washing  ironing -( and some emails...
Today an A&amp;R said &quot;if u pray for swag, the 'pop culture gods' will grant it &amp; blow u up&quot;...  Awwwh Damn... So thats how it works!
Today and tomorrow are going to be STUPID busy 
Today at 1:10 is the Farewell Assembly 
Today chickfilA is free if u bring ur dad!!  sad day miss my daddy! Hah
today could either go really good or really bad 
Today couldn't have been worse. Ughk!!! 
Today did 45 Minutes on my #Punching Bag &amp; 30 Minutes on my# Bowflex + 30  inclined Push Ups. I still can't get rid of this headache. 
today did not start off well. 
Today didn't turn out like I expected. Another night alone. 
today doesn't seem to be my lucky day, either 
Today feels like a good day to lay in bed. Unfortunately, i have to work in bellevue all day. 
Today feels like it will never end 
Today feels like its gonna be bad. 
Today feels weird without fellowship...  #fb
today felt like summer holiday, I don't want it to end just yet. Feel like going to the beach and watch the sunset, but not on my own 
well, the first 2 duckies are gone  sad
Well, the last night of the musical = 
Well, the question as to whether I should get up at 5 has been sufficiently answered.  #NASA #STS-127 #Endeavor
Well, the red sox lost  but that's ok cause the Yankees lost too :-D
Well, the test sucked. I hope I at least pass. Sigh 
Well, the wife just sold her Ninja 250. For the first time in several years we are a single-bike family again. 
Well, they are - I have to be somewhere else that day 
Well, time for a shower, put on the shorts and start clearing the back 40... 
Well, time to shower and rush to work.  I ended up liking being alone at work... then my boss stuck some girl in there with me.  
well, today was okay i just hate the school part now home to do assignments  boringg ahhah eating a muffin tho
Well, today was supposed to be the closing ceremony for English Week in school, but it never happened. Cause of the rain 
Well, trams are too cool for me, apparently. Sure, just roll right past, i'm not waiting to get on... 
Well, tried by best but still no work for 3 out of 4 crews.Had to tell 6 guys to stay home.I hate this part of my job!! 
Well, twiggas, I'm off to Europe in the mourning, sorry  no tweets for a while, but here is my contact information in the next tweet
today fkn suxed! n i have a filling 2maaroow will be the same ..  night..
Today got all screwed around. Kinky didnt come  but i worked for the first time at my newish job! Yay! It was fun!
Today got caught in the rain and a runaway shopping trolly took out my wing mirror  sad day for Gary
Today has been a nice positive  fun day , after several weeks of bum days 
Today has been a very depressing day for me! I thought Bakersfield would make me feel better instead I wish i could stay away from it all 
today has been a very long day  i had fun tonight. But i hope as a whole tomorrow is better.
Today has been an ice cream kind of day 
Today has been EXTREMELY STRESSFUL..... 
Today has been one of the most stressful work days I ever had. I want a new job in the worst way. I'll have to take a pay cut though. 
today has been one of the worst days of my year. / scratch that. -the- worst. 
today has been so gayy, i hate winterrrrr, everyone gets sickk and itss freezinggg 
today has been soooo boring ! 
Today has been such a long day and it's only lunchtime. *yawns* Maybe if I hadn't woken up 3 times last night I wouldn't be so tired 
today has been the WORST 
Today has been unbearably long. Everyone i WAS texting stopped 
Today has brought tears 
today has gone really quickly for me, i dont know why since i have done nothing all day 
Today has not started well 
today has probably been my most annoying day of tweets ever... sorry... fyi i cut another finger today on an elmo  that stupid ginger
Today has rained all day, I hope that comes soon a bit of sun  besides during this time my Hilary is a bit sad, I want to see her smile
today has rocked i got to call my bff but her cell was turned off   And Ive Swam like twice today...
Today hasn't gone off on the right foot at all. I may spend the rest of the day feeling sorry for myself 
Today have been a slow day so there's not much to tell &quot;/ all of u who live in Canada i HATE U! U guys get to go to mmva! I wanna go to 
Today I am going to sleep early. It is 1:30A.M. Sad part: Tomrw I hav to goto office  Anyway this is my tweet #200. Weekend comes 2 an end
today I am mostly mourning the loss of my bestest work buddy 
Today I am moving in to the biggest office in the company. Only temporarily though... 
Today I am not talking with manu, I am sad  
today I am thinking about venturing back into the gym, trouble is it will probably involve the dreaded treadmill 
Today I am trying to catch up on work before tomorrows video conference marathon 
Today I asked a sprint store rep about pre ordering a #pre. he basicaly said no way and that the east coast will get first dibs. 
today i cried bc alex hidden behind a wall and i didnt know where she went. i am such bad abandonment issues. 
today i don't feel very well!  oh boy
Today I feel like shit because 1) Oz woke me up every two hours last night and 2) I yelled at him every two hours last night. Also: Iran. 
Today i fine out that one girl which i knew &amp; i going to school with her died... I'm in huge shock and i'm very sad.    [*]
today i go off early.. kak fina is so obviously sick of me  HAHAHA
today i got 5 shots!!! yeay, it's over!! NOT! it was re-injected cuz the vein was too thin to have the med in 
Today I got a huge taste of what i am missing out on this summer. There are so many memories I dont get to create &amp;people I wont get2know 
Today I got2do shopping 4easter! &lt;3 Malachi xx owww I'm so sore too 2day 
Today i had a really sad day! Can't wait to get home. 
Today I had that yucky worming paste shoved down my puddy tat throat  yuck!! I want my mum to try some and see what she thinks!!
Today i have a mixture: Headache+Lot of work+Enrique Iglesias&quot;addicated&quot; 
today i have been in switzerland for 3 months. one quater of the way done. gone by so quickly 
today I have gone from one extreme to another: a phone that does everything EXCEPT call to a phone that pretty much just calls. Woohoo! 
today i have soccer practice which really sucks  dont want to go because it feels like summer and all i want to do is watch tv and sleep
today i have to go get my report card from school--- i wish i could of slept in longer  AND HOPEFULLY transformers 2 tonight!! XD
today i have to learn....    stupid exams!!
Today I have to play music in two concerts, because of my lean to do something even on Sundays... 
Today I have to say some stuff I don't want to and frankly I'm getting tired of things being so bloody difficult all the time.  
today i have to study, go to my boring dentist! and do extra time at my english class... I can't believe it  EVERYBODY PRAY FOR ME, PLEASE
today i have to take the history test that i missed last thursday 
Today I just missed a training program for a sales officer in a bank  I shouldn't have given it up for something cliche ;(
Today i Know, My Life Is Empty...  Thats sad but real!!
Today I learned from someone who grew up in the 3rd world that homelessness in Vancouver is much more prevalent that in his home country 
Today I learned how it feels to care for a sick child. I start summer school monday so I'll be in SF. I hope my parents take care of him 
Today I made some pancakes .. miiam xx  and I roasted the finger  it hurts! but, it's ok! xx
Today I realized I am an adult and I have to miss certain things that bring me pleasure. I will not be at Necrophagist's show in Atlanta. 
Today I realized that I wont go to McFly concert  ooooh i throw my money to the floor, hate the money
today i received some very devastating news. DD discontinued my blueberry bagel. 
Today I saw a lot of people that I missed ... I wanna go back 
Today I saw a silver Volvo and thought: &quot;That's Edward's car!' FML. 
Today I saw some clips of young girls and boys being shot in Iran and I feel so angry and upset! 
Today i say good bye to my cousin.......  its gonna be hard
Today I should have been more useful, but I spent my time today dedicated to waiting. 
today i think im going to beg my mommy to take me to get the best sushi ever! and i bring katiiiee along!!...its her last day    
Today I took a bus from aunt's place to office. Just 6 rs. SO much money saved. I paid the auto 50 yest 
Today I tried fasting...it only lasted 18 hours (Good Attempt), but as so as I tasted food I went crazy. That means no food tomorrow 
Today I was at STC and I noticed that I was standing next to a very pretty girl. I said &quot;Hey&quot; and she said &quot;Hi&quot;....nothing else happened 
Today I was supposed to leave for Barcelona and Sonar festival... 
Today I wear Ian's hoodie. I'm tired, my allergies are acting up, and it's like musical all over again. 
today i went to search the @markhoppus and @petewentz octodrive, it wasnt there anymore. i spent more than 50 pesos and 3 hours. want it 
today i will be having a sad day  
Today I will be mainly coding 
today I woke up and I was even more sick 
Today I would have left house early this morning to drive up to NL to catch the ferry to the UK - if I hadn't had to cancel my trip 
Today I,m going to chill....haha. Because I,ve a mussel ack all over  Food yesterday was succes(delicious meatballs) mjammm
today I'm bored, there's nothing to do, and with this rain I can't come out 
Today im going to Monterrey Mx. i hope i survive without phone signal 
today I'm gonna go outside in hopes that fresh air will cure me of whatever I may have. symptoms now include nosebleeds 
Today I'm gonna try not to buy anything.  My new motto is &quot;Just because I like something doesn't mean I have to buy it.&quot; WISH ME LUCK!
Today i'm having the END OF THE YEAR SHOW! i'm soooooo Nervous! tomorrow is the last day! i don't want to leave! 
today i'm obsessed with sailor moon  i want to make a video but sony vegas wont go 
Today I'm really amazed (scared) by how many basic errors I find on e-commerce websites. Wrong error messages, no loading icons, etc. 
today I'm really sad because I'd just broke up with my boyfriend....what a worst day....   
Today I'm without a unix server for the first time in 14 years.  
today in class we saw the world trade center movie i started to cry 
today in nba didint happen amazing for clevland so sad 
today in tax office interview found out that my typing per hour was like in the 1000's!!  but mums.. is in the 10 000's, so i found out 
Today in the friendly game one asshole hit me in the knee. Now, I'm lying in bed with a heating cream (stinks) and ice. bore very much 
Today involved a pedicure, tanning, and a haircut, and yet still not felling 100% 
Today is @justababy's 6 months birthday! 
Today is 1 year anniversary of the passing of my beloved cat, Jackson.  She was a sweet♥ !!! http://twitpic.com/6ucam
Today is 777 days until LeakyCon 2011. Awesome number but I wish it wasn't so far away 
Today Is A A Dragg 
Today is a bad day..... Everything didn't go smoothly..... 
Today is a bad day:   - piercing playing up - new kindle dead - first negative review on app store - headache  Wishing I'd stayed in bed 
Today is a black day.  Listening White Horses, by Taylor Swift.  I fell very sad 
Today is a crappy day, don't think i am doing much. 
today is a day of washing &amp; homework methinks.......... 
Today is a day of Worms, one of our client was hit with iframe hijack scripts and we are fixing since midnight - only had 2 hrs of sleep 
Today is a day to pretend I can keep house... 
Today is a design day in the shed - tomorrow looks like a VAT Day 
today is a freakin' stressful day! 
Today is a good blur...did I wrestler today? Si, my cute souvenirs are on me but fading 
Today is a great day to take a nap, or curl up with a chick flick...but sadly, I have to work! 
today is a lazy day, i'm not doin anything. i thought i was going to the beach but appearently not. 
Today is a patriots shirt day, September seems so far away, roll on new NFL season. Omg why are the Yankees losing matches so badly?? 
today is a really important day, off to Whitstable not sure when will be back may have to miss Art Club and Book Club 
today is a sad day for me  tomorrow should be better......... I miss you cousin, I really miss you, R.I.P Demetrius I LOVE YOU
Today is a sad day in monterrey 
Today is a SAD day, one of my fav resturants is closed 
Today is a very sad day after all 
Today is a very shocking sad day for me. work just won't be the same anymore. 
today is a walk around the mall day but dont buy anything cuz i dont have any money. i cant do that thought ive got work 
today is about sorting out where I work - currently too cluttered 
Today is already dragging and its only 945!!!!!  
Today is amazing! I wish i could stay longer 
Today is an unlucky day 
Today is another school day! 
today is boring me 
today is boring...im off school and nobody is tweeting 
Today is crap. Drawing all day, i don't want to, the one i done the other day was horrific. It gets worse every day. Boring. 17 Again 
Today is day 7. I'm still not feeling 100% myself - more like 40%. My usual confidence and belief in myself is greatly diminished. 
Today is d-day...today is also my b-day!! But I got softball  o well.
today is deadlines deadlines and even more deadlines 
today is dragging  nearly time for work now
Today is dragging and I suck @ my job for some reason today  I want it to be over!
Today is dumb 
today is getting worse and worse! need to fix the paint on my car!  think im guna start living in a bubble wrap world!
Today is Ghostbusters day! looking forward to popping that into the 360. I just hope it doesn't have a title update. 
Today is going BANANAS! We really need another IT person 
Today is going by way too fast 
today is going to be a long long horrible day 
Today is going to be a Luna day  I don't know how she does it....even if she is a fictional character...
Today is going to be a super long day.  
Today is going to be a very looonngg day 
Today is going to be busy D: I miss @AnIndelibleLove 
Today is going to be hell 
Today is going to be so busy 
today is going to slowly.... 
Today is going to suck really bad. 
today is gonna be a long day. 2 tests and a presentation. on a friday? c'mon...  the end of the year is supose to slow down..not speed up!
today is gonna be a looong day 
Today is gonna be a sad day for me  no way to prepare for that.....
Today is gonna be another loooonnggg day 
today is gonna suck. 
today is gunna be a looooooong ass day 
Today is gunna suck 
today is hot,too.  the design exhibition  so big that i tired......  http://plurk.com/p/tqtwa
today is house cleaning day for me.. finally finished it and now I don't want to sit here all day 
Today is Jay's last night on the tonight show. 
today is JB First 2009 World Tour Concert! and im not gonna be there 
Today is jus gonna be a bad day, i can feel it...jus take a look at this miserable weather 
today is just full of fail! 
today is just not my day 
today is just super....S-U-P-E-R!!! 
Today is lame because I am not in Orlando  I am soooo looking forward to NEXT friday 
Today is Lilli's birthday party... 
today is literally the worse day ever  today just proves why I hate mondays!
today is literally the worst day ever! today just proves why I hate mondays 
Today is me&amp;steve's 4 month anniversary, and he's been playing zelda ever since we woke up 
Today is Mother's Day, so I'm cooking, well I'm trying to! 
Today is my baby girl's LAST day of kindergarten. 
Today is my bday, and it so doesn not feel like it  maybe its cause i am not doing anything!!
Today is my birthday. I am now 29 going on 30. Man that sounds old. 
TODAY IS MY BITRHDAY JUNE 25 BUT DON'T HAVE NOTHING TO DO BUT JUST SIT IN THE HOUSE ALL DAY SUCK.. 
Today is my daughter's 4th B-Day. I didn't even get to see call/her before work.  My son has a nasty cough. Wonder how wife's day's going.
today is my father's 3rd death anniv ..and I am gonna loose one more person closest to my heart   .. absolutely shattered.
Today is my fav. student's senior affirmation and I don't have voice enough to tell her how wonderful she is 
today is my first day back at work after 2 weeks of vacation. 
Today is my holiday but I am still working alone 
Today is my kiddo's last day of school 
today is my last dance recital!!  I can't believe its almost over!! :'( I hope brit can come today!
Today is my last day of employment for the next 3.4 years. Here I come graduate school!  Going to miss the action at www.shugartbates.com 
today is my last day of high school! most things i do today will be my last time doing them..  pure CRAZINESS! 
today is my last day to study.....big exam tomorrow 
today is my least favorite holiday. 
today is my mommy pass 
today is my mthary.but someone is angwee with me  - http://tweet.sg
today is NCLEX day...I take it at 10AM...I'm shaking like a leave and I feel like puking   
Today is not a cute day. School is so boringg, why wont teachers make class a bit fun?! I just wanna go homeeeee &amp; rest. 
today is not a day for sitting at a computer all day! 
Today is not a good day for me 
today is not a good day to feel ugly. oh and i'm still super hungry. nothing to eat in the house 
today is not a very nice day for me 
Today is not going as planned 
today is not my day 
Today is not my day  I keep falling, tripping, breaking things!--- oopps clumsy me!
today is not starting off well...forgot meter &amp; lantus on cabinet at home this a.m.   but I ate breakfast after nearly a week of skipping
today is not the day after all  tmro ! LOL
Today is not the day for manual labour 
Today is not the greatest day... 
Today is one of the days I consider giving up acting. Seems to be going nowhere for me. 
Today is one of those days where I have so much to do but I kind of just want to stay in bed instead. Totally dreading the drs later 
Today is our 1 month. Baby, if you're reading this, I love you. Have fun staying at home and sleeping all day. 
Today is our dear friends memorial.  Trying to find by best poker face.  
Today is party (%%) but i`m sick. Buuuu   Bad.
Today is pay day! Unfortunatly my direct deposite didn't start yet so I gotta go to the store... 
Today is Plant Physiology exam day  ♫ http://blip.fm/~8dikp
Today is Saturday but i juz back from work 4hours ago...Sigh.Tomolo is Sun but I still need to work from home 
Today is So not my lucky day... 
Today is so pretty and I'm stuck editing and adding onto my thesis 
today is so rain weather 
today is such a bad day 
today is such a monday. 
today is such a sad day! ok, idk why, but i feel so sad! i have NOTHING to do...  MISS U NATIE!
today is supposed to be my major gym day but i'm soo tired 
today is techinically my last friday 
Today is the corporate challenge 5K in Boston today - I'm very sad Diet.com never got off the wait list 
Today is the day I give up chocolate.  I can't deal with the Sinus pain.
Today is the day, wish me luck for math and religion. And for my picture.. Show em' up please bhuhuhuhuhuhuhuh  morning everyoneeeee!
Today is the first fathers day w/out my dad here, today is going to he So hard I'm not strong enough to handle this yet 
Today is the first official day of the hurricane season!  Ok time to go back to sleep...
today is the flight of my beloved friends going back to her place, Capiz... I will see her again on December... 
Today is the free uard sale at my church...yayayay that means...free stuff...4 other ppl and not me  but hey it's still free XDD
today is the last bad food day... then its back to just the chai.  Good bye sugar/fat/simple carbs 
today is the last day for the internet  I might go ahead and purchase my own router during break
today is the last day i go with them  bye all have fun at malaysia.&amp;just done uploading phts, check out that on my fb thnks.off guys bye
today is the last day I'll see the hot teacher ever 
Today is the last day of having a laptop. 
today is the last full day with JuJu (my nephew) he goes home tomorrow 
today is the longest day everr. no tips and i really need gas money. 
today is the seniors graduation at my school...couldnt go 
@stn774477 I'm so wasted, my apologies 
@stnihu I know im not denying this babes. Anyways you can hardly talk..you are worse than me sometimes. ;p Nice meal? my dinner was shit. 
@stoc just found out they are closed on mondays!  working on a backup plan
@StockCarXpress NOOOO NOT MY BIG DOG TOO..   the guy who made it said he supported him smashing it..
@stockyscouts Im mobile just now, this backwards connection will not run youtube 
@stokegriff looks like I can rescue the sky crawlers one, but the audio won't be as good as normal 
@Stokestheeditor @Boomshard This sucks not having my Mac out. I can't see u 
@stokez LMAO the hangover is a movie  but i am smoking cause i'm hella bored
@Stokez yes. I love that song it's sad. 
@stolemyusername but... i heart you you bitch  you're my faggiest friend ever!
@stolemyusername hey i'm straight and i love rainbowy gay stuff  gay is cool
@stolendreams @conjunkie I wish people were more considerate and more like John to be honest. 
@stolendreams I think I'd be more upset about what had happened to the guests. I know I currently am.  Poor boys. 
@stolenrain I did but I am having trouble uploading it 
@stolenrain Well, I like it, jeez  I will never change it!!!!!
@stolenrain You said that last week and you never did 
@stomachin2knots Cera's a good actor, and new movie looks funny, but that twitter ain't Cera: http://bit.ly/Yn7hy - sorry 
@Stompalina I hope it's not really broken 
@Stompalina We've been like that for a week already.  We didn't even have the numbers for a 10 man this week. 
@Stomper_Girl So far we haven't had luck w/ resettling. She used to be a self-settler, but lately not so much. Nothing has been working. 
@stomponjackie I need the beach too 
@stompthewalrus  yep, we miss you 
@stompthewalrus Aww, you missed Zack Ryder MAKING AN IMPACT. 
@stompthewalrus miss ya. 
@stompyourfeet Probably 36d or dd. I need to get measured. I hate it because it just makes me feel so fat most of the time. 
@StoneBrewingCo um... thats my favorite beer!! why must you torture me so when I can't make it down there!! 
@stonecypher I am indeed - I had to pop back for work / to see family / to go to a friends wedding - it's cold and wet here 
@STONED_Cold LOL n it's comin hard! Blunts gone now though 
@StonedSteve Don't you have to pay to see THAT video?  I thought @Bass_ might get it for my birthday but he didn't get the hint 
@Stoneee I have a job now  if it was at midnight, I'd be there!
@stoneinmyshoe oh i'm so sorry ;( that's so sad ! 
@stoner_stuff I wish! I'm visiting the parents n they aren't smokers  (via @InHaLeThePurP) can't you sneak a toke in the backyard, man?
@stonerich i miss my hamster Zippidy... she was dead in the house for 3 days cause i didnt wanna admit that she dead.. 
@stonesimon didnt happen in the end she is in hospital 
@Stonewallone - I really hope that was an accident now that I've looked at your profile. I thought we were cool. 
@stonexbaz Does that make us sad then? Guess it does... 
@stoneyj jealous!  I've lived in FL for 16 years and have never been to a launch 
@stoneywayne 2 to 4am was the time I felt miserable the most 
@StoneZoneShow aww man, if you were to get on later tonight 'd be down, I'm kinda busy right now though 
@Stonezoneshow no i missed it  i'm sure it had ot be funny though. Fuckin preteens man.
@stoniK Hey Luis!!! Where have you been? You have vanished from my life again 
@Stony419  you'll get it!
@stoodles damn! hotspotshield doesn't seem to work anymore... was it shut down? any tips... I wasn't finished watching Heroes on hulu yet 
@stooey @jesirose: Yes, thank you very much! I had fun.  TOO BAD I'm a stick in the mud who has to get up in the morning. 
@stoopbeck  no i want to be though, i can't find any links 
@stoopidboi im just plain tired.  I slept 2 hours and im taking a CPR training 
@stoopidgerl  awe... poor girl  Ugly day?
@stoopidgerl i am sorry 
@stoopidgerl i'm so sorry 
@stoopidgerl I'm so very sorry to hear about Bianca.  
@stoopidgerl Oh no!  I'm so very sorry!!  
@stoopidgerl oh no!!! So sorry that you lost her 
@stop4traffic sorry im hogging it 
@StopAhmadi Futile because of who is in power. They won't give up easily. Too much promising young blood already shed.  Stop Khameni.
@stopandstarexx Awe no  When are we getting together again for dinner?!
@StopDropandRead You know for your blogger? Among the Hues, I can't comment 
@stopitcomeon omg wtf how do you have radio stations that play music like that  I WISH! Ruby Soho is my favourite Rancid some everrrr!
@stoppingthetime aw, that sucks  I think dry cleaning might be the only option?
@stoppingthetime noooo  *huggles*
@stoppingthetime oh no this sucks 
@stoptheqtip I think it is 40 marks out of 90 so it sucks really, my answer wasn't bad or anything but I didn't have the detail. 
@stopwatchheart ...And I'd like you to know that I'm hungry - There's no one to cook 4 me  LOL!
@storagebod It's funny cos it's so true  Looks like with a total purge of the old board and senior peeps, Rackable can make it work
@storiesmac Um, hate to tell you this but I stopped using Firefox because my Mac Air is RAM handicapped  Switched to Opera.
@storiesofmac ok, understood. I'll have to buy the iPhone OS version 
@Storm_Crow Bah humbug indeed. I mean, whatever happened to logic! Guess that's just a science thing... 
@Storm_Crow I hope it rains itself out over the next two days, it'll still be muddy though &amp; meteo.gr is usually right on with forecasts. 
@Storm_Crow I love cats we have 2 but I'm harassing the bf who won't come on here to get more lol.  He keeps saying now  Yep got Tiff good
@Storm_Crow mine won't help 
@Storm_Crow She flinches when I go near her. It's not good 
@storm72 @geobart I don't have my complete music collection, so I can't also join the cool crowd and listen to So What 
@Stormb441 oh yes!! Been looking forward to this wkend, shame it's raining a bit   am very well Thanks x
@Stormbrewing i'm so sorry!  i saw your post the other day and never responded   which shelf was it?
@StormClaudi hahaha i totally blipped it for you.. but alas i was late 
@StormClaudi I know...so sad 
@StormClaudi lol..photography! NICE..It is my lost hobby.  I was an art history major and never went to Europe 
@StormClaudi nope pretty sure that's me  haha
@storme08 lucky! i have to wait 25  and yes JB is the coolest band in the world...cant wait to get my copy of LVATT!
@stormewg right?! seriously tho, I did think at 1 point, so glad I live in scotland so I don't get fried like storme no sunscreen for me! 
@stormey09 but now u told everyone else!!! 
@stormgrass I was confused too!  Thought I had given you wrong advice.  Yes you are v. central there and nice area (rich) near all museums
@stormgrass once tried the freezer method but didn't work for me  since then i have a backup HD, stored outside my home. good luck anyway!
@stormink hmm... 15... looks like I have some problems with teal. But I love teal! 
@stormjh its making me motion sick  lots of fernando coverage tho 
@stormjordan yeah ive just heard the  news that its gonna go cold again from tomorrow  TYPICAL!!
@stormlaughter Hugs, sorry you're hurting so much today 
@stormrider101 yes it has some good stuff..but not the place to go when in mood for doritos &amp; pepsi 
@stormwarning lol we just got EDGE where I live 3 months ago. It's patchy though...so I'm still using GPRS a lot. 
@stormwarning oh interesting!  Too bad I don't have an iphone. 
@stormyamorette just one of those days where loneliness creeps up on you slaps you in the face.  
@storres11588  i was so disappointed
@storycorey But... Its a mac 
@storycorey Gah! Why are you such a hit with the pedo's 
@storycorey Hey &lt;3 I gotta go offline now, get sleep and stuff  But we can totally call tomorrow or something? ILY, congrats on the Mac &lt;3
@storycorey No... sadly not, but I wish I could come... i'm even IN auckland... but busy that day 
@storyfan no moon boots.  It was more his demeanor and lack of social aptitude. that, and the fluffy curled red hair. and the glasses.
@storylet Ugh, shut up about the damn snow. I will see it again in like a few months.  ps:  my deer like Honey Nut Cheerios
@storyofsunday yeah..  and grant might have to quit the band.
@StoryShtick Ugh.  Now my ears are having phantom pains. 
@stoweboyd I eat string cheese like cheese.  i don't pull it apart.   i feel like im missing out
@stoya limited web access? i thought europe was a lot more &quot;connected&quot; than we were. regardless, have fun, i've never been to europe 
@stpattysgirl82 I miss Indiana Tiff  even though that Pulaski County in Virginia
@stpie Heyzels, it's going OK but so stressed. Front room looks like a bombsite cos no time for dishes/cleaning. Now no beer  U?
@str1fe Taco salads can be yummy!  I was hoping.
@Str8_Cash  I can't sleep. I'm drinking a Cup of milk !
@Str8Nasty Damn, I was at E3 lol...missed them 
@Str8Nasty LOL I know right! What a pain this is 
@Strabismus I assume you live in the Midwest? I watch Jimmy every night, I miss Conan 
@Strabismus That link you sent me didn't come up 
@strad1987 Sarah!! what happend to u on facebook?! did u delete your account?   
@StraightUpMac LMFAO. That would have been hilarious! They were on the floor, though. 
@strandedinaber Wish it was 
@strangegypsy Oh honey, that's terrible 
@strangelady Everything will be ok. At least you'll be getting something for your money. I still have that crap school to pay for 
@StrangeNerd my sentiments exactly.. 
@StrangeNerd Ooooooh no way.... bad hotmail... evil MSN...  Sorry to hear that
@StrangePictures, where are u? I dont see u anymore  Your lost in the sea of twitters &amp; I miss u!
@strangeplaice It would be an achievement for me to have a lie in nowadays.  I actually hate waking up early.
@stranger_danger i miss you too  i will see you on monday.... D:
@strangetimes87 yea the loss sucks 
@strangetymes i know ima sorry  #petewentzday
@strangevictoria   I still haven't received any emails from you.    It makes me saaaad.
@stratosphear  I just got the four oh four on @kcna_dpnk
@strawberriie i am sitting next to you... now your leaving me to pee  
@STRaWBeRrY_98  ohh... when you think about it..it's actually pretty sad  we wont survive.. ahh!!! &gt;.&lt;
@Strawberry87 for sure I'll take it. I miss shimmering lights :p hahah. I dunno, mayb early, bt nt sure cz hv to print n bind !  u?
@Strawberry87 how's assignment?? i still have tons to do 
@strawberrysgirl hey, hw did you get your pic to go green? I can't figure out how to do it...  computer skillz fail 
@strawbrykiwi Well shit, I'm sorry.  *hugs*
@Strawburry17  bad for you, but i cant wait to see your hair!
@Strawburry17 I wish they could bottle the smell of campfire. how cool would that be? Gloomy day in Michigan..grr 
@strawelle what interview? little liew i am so bored wanna go home dont wanna stay in school 
@strawp Dunno actually, kinda wish I came along now. Hey-ho! 
@strawz THAT'S...KIND OF CUTE ACTUALLY 
@StrayDogArts how's the edina art fair? sorry the weather sux 
@strbrynkrm Sucks!   Taiwan always got delays, too.
@Street3 Omg, hon.  I'm sorry. If you're as cool and sweet as you are, I'm sure she was super sweet too and proud of you. Take care, hon.
@Street3 That sucks ass 
@Street3 very 
@streetanchor  i did, i missed all my buddies today. howz the anniv going ?
@streetanchor hmmm  true.. will start wen i m well equipped.. my heart bled to learn tat there re no tigers left at panna reserve sob sob
@streetanchor looks like that ... not so cool ,,, not happening 
@streetorchestra @djultraviolet79 yes we do 
@streetpete and I just missed it  how can you say that about the TT's I have all their 12&quot; remixes  still kudos on the honesty *sniff*
@streetpreacher WTF, that IS terrible. 
@StreetSavv iKnow. i will work on it.  My appetite is wack now... and i only crave cheese and sugar. 
@streetztalk @JaysonJPhillips I wasn't there in 06, but I'll take ur word. Y'all need 2 get in that Strolling competition cause it was 
@streetztalk I'm assuming no picnic for you 
@streetztalk physics  the most boring class ever!
@Stressstheworld sorry your job did not go well  I work for a company that we are looking for some experienced sales people let me know.
@Streyeder yeah, it's a fail right now. but i've had problems with Twitterfon in the past, too. granted, my iPhone is also acting up 
@strickland84 she made me SO mad about that. And she didnt even apologize for making me feel awful. 
@striderpaul It's cloudy now and I'm off to work 
@strikeitfierce i havent gone shopping so long. i seriosuly need new winter clothes. 
@strineindiepics anytime bud! I actually created this like a month ago but never knew anyone on it  but times have changed! and how!
@stringcheez my pointe shoe cracked in half and I fell on my knee 
@stringeilcuore  I'm sorry...I've gone through that myself too, so I kind of know how you feel.
@strings_puppet How? 
@Stripes_Eckit I don't think @Stripes_Tim exists anymore  lol
@Stripey_Twix bored 
@StripeyGreen  whassamatta you, eh?
@StripeyGreen  zombies ates your head insides? I weeeel keeeeeel them.  *wields cricket bat*
@StripperTweets And if it's any consolation, my girls didn't make gas money tonight! 
@StripXpertease miss you and the classes. I need to get myself over to where you're teaching. I hate that you're no longer at YSBD 
@stromguitar May he rest in peace 
@strongsarah I've been using FB for a while and I prefer Twitter, mostly because I don't know anyone on here, FB is full of work people 
@StrontiumCat  I thought u was my best mate.. 
@stroughtonsmith damn, they changed the badge color! I wont be able to sneak in with last year's badge 
@stroughtonsmith oh I'm sorry  i didn't know
@struhar2009  that seems so far away lol
@Strybe i can't finish the game because i've hit a game breaking bug  i think i'm right at the end as well.
@Strykerdlh But I work on Saturday! 
@stsGRfan she has 4*? I dont even have a ticket to NKOTB in chiago yet. 
@ststeph I know girrrl, see ya tmr?! And I didn't get Meg  haha we didn't discuss it yet! Fingers crossed though.
@stu_allan you could always get a maxroam sim (http://bit.ly/fSDQz) or similar, shame you can't port your number across though 
@stu_art_ist not for two more weeks 
@stu_cassels Night shift? I watch it without fail, every single year. I know I'm a mug but I still love it 
@Stu_D0gg  cheating
@Stu_D0gg i didn't get a lunch break!  i didn't get one yesterday either and i worked 8 hours
@Stu_D0gg Yeahhhh if they scaryyy  I ascared nowwww
@stu_evans hahaha!! nah not yet i finish at 2 then going home for a change then ill be going. but its raining   u up to much? x
@Stu_the_great   Reminds me of the day I got Phoenix Wright T&amp;T in a way, I posted about it on the forum back last year.
@Stu_the_great Haha!  The Game Boy survived after opening it up and drying w/cotton bud, Pokemon Gold died though 
@Stu_the_great Nice. Has the sun Disappeared for you too? It's Looking really dark outside now 
@stualpha work to be done first 
@stuartbogg Problem is....I dunno where to check numbers and how many I have left before I get thrown off 
@Stuartcfoster @jetblue lost my bags headed to #levyhoneymoon which we received 3 days later. Then they left the bags at JFK last night 
@stuartcookney your only just following me!! Tut tut!! How's life?? We av neva met up since I've been bk to bpool   and ur leaving soon!
@stuartctaylor nice but no trimphones 
@stuartharding sorry stu 
@stuarthenshall Interesting 2 things. 1) Kwn still doesn't show up in users I can add a column for. 2) I hit rate limit after 2 tweets. 
@stuartmcintyre Does this mean we'll have people shouting track names at their phones on the train now ........... great! 
@stuartmcintyre I am sure it will appear early PST morning time  I will wait till to tomorrow
@stuartmeldrum didn't show yesterday either 
@stuartwhitman high maintenance 
@stuartwhitwell noo  cheer up minki loves you lots! x
@stubbadub Yeah...me too... 
@stubbonomics wet in Sheffield too  last msg was meant to be @tcoulthard Re: midge gites (got quite a few myself at Burbage N last night)
@Stubinho you said you fucked up your nose! 
@stuckindagroove i cant believe he would do something like that to you.. Getting ur heart broken is the worst thing ever 
@stuckxfixated I already have a set... I used to travel out to Olean (where they make 'em) twice a month... no discounts in town though 
@studarby you promised pictures!!  Before and after pictures of your faces on the rides please!!:-p
@studdzy You're sweet!  I'm sorry you had to move 
@studentbuddha Yeah  I have finals this coming week so Saturday night went down the drain for me.
@studentmidwifey I have been gradually getting worse since they made the final decision, I have been back to sleeping all day today 
@studentoflife &lt;&lt; Have left it home now 2 wks b/c it slows me waaay down. (Oh! Look! a leaf! snap snap snap) Prolly not takin it with. 
@studioAdesigns part of one our trees is in our neighbor's garden! 
@StudioFairy arghh Isi help me out.i cant save the graphics i made in paint shop pro.i mean i'm saving but they're not showing on folder. 
@StudioFairy haha okay! -hands orange juice- but...i ran out of donuts 
@StudioFairy I can't  It says that it's unavailable in my country
@StudioFairy oh that's so sad  when school ends for yuh?
@studiojunkies recoverin from a cold  .. how u bn
@STUDLEYcole could be better 
@studnickidukes That is horrible!  I'll be thinking about her. 
@studpony18 good luck at air force today!! Last career game.. I want a hat trick!! Sorry I couldn't be there 
@STUDy_Buddy tHAtSZ t0UgH! i KN0 H0W tHAt g0ESZ 
@studybreaks_hou It never rains over here! 
@stuffpeoplelike  sorry failed #trackle #squarespace
@stujessica : mike used to live near the Beacon stop    
@stumantru I have no idea who Becky Granger is, but I love that. I am off to Youtube it.. Barrowman sold out, I am gutted 
@stunnell Yup  Good thing I'm paid on Friday!
@StunningSid You did not text me! I'm not online always! I'm home already..  tomorrow?
@stuntbrain  oh no! I looked forward to your tweets more than most. A sad day if this is true. Thanks 4 the coolness..
@stupendously_si I'd rather be an airline pilot... Or a millionairess lounging on her yacht somewhere nice 
@stupeur a propos de la ressemblance thank u, this so flatterin' but she's way hotter than me 
@StupidMe_x wooo its bought time! :L i txt u yday bout ur interview coz i had 4got u didn hve it 
@stupidreamer my connection is too crappy for that playback thing 
@StupidTroll No, not yet 
@stupotts missing you in HCC liverpool 
@stusi awww, it must be awful Stacey  I love listening to Em and Sam Mac in the mornings, they always make me laugh
@stusi i know  but i have a little while yet before i have to start
@stusi I know! saw that on her website! so unfair 
@stustone Your show is whack. Way worse than whack, it's wiggety-whack.    :*(:*(:*(
@stutterdude It's tough to type w/o fingers, and speech recognition don't work too well w/ our people 
@stutterdude The Mini had a rev in Feb, so it's stagnant for a while.  And our old PC (it's a P4) is getting a little flakey 
@StutterFlutter Also you can't be mean to me. I'm miserable and have a sawed in half tooth in a cup sitting by me.  #byronhasproblems
@StuTV @Ryannevill Ben should get twitter.  He would never tweet though 
@StVicktoria AWWW tj's times  i'm going there on monday haha
@stvj Be there in 10. Traffic sucks. 
@stvnhw I sure hope not - though the forecast sure looks that way. 
@stvwrnr i can't believe it... 
@stxr I am so sorry I didn't read LJ lately. Ignore my previous comment to you on here. Love you. 
@Stxrbright WHOA girl! My collection totally fails compared to that.  I have like 9...
@stygldpnyby CRAP! I totally forgot! You could only go the 22nd right?? Social Distortion is that night and I already bought my tix! 
@Styla73 She deleted her Twitter AND her MYSPACE. I am sad. 
@styleatelier @dyellagurl Yea im straight now...just pre-menstrual 
@styleatelier so I'm slow...break down ur twit name for me...cuz I dont get it 
@styleit  Aw, I hope you feel better.  I had one of those days last week 
@Styleit I can't right now  My comp is having a shaky time staying connected to the internet...
@stylekid the 3D version is most definitely the one for us then (tho i have to watch 2D as i get motion sickness badly  )
@stylesmith omigosh, that same thing is happening to my laptop - battery doesn't work and now the power cord needs replacing too 
@StylezXquisite mama, you talking to a fake Beyonce, Beyonce real Twitter is @beyonce , she never twits though 
@stylishstepho I don't know  he's done. This Corey Holocomb guy is pretty funny too.
@StylishWanderer I'm really looking forward to goin' there but terribly I can't go this holiday 
@StylistaMunchee I lluuvv u too..  ahhh im gonna miss u evenn moreee! lol
@su_ki DEMAIS CARA, QUER SHOW AAAH 
@su_suzi  awww are you all poorly? thats not good  i must admit that Lindley wasn't too good :')
@su_suzi I'm jealous   i hope you have a really good time 
@SU2C What about having one in TAMPA? I've been all excited to do the hunt, but I'm too far from any of those cities 
@Suai have to! G1=horrible!  whats good tho homie!? thanks for comin out the other night! you definitely have to perform @ the next event!
@SUAREASY don't do a contest...I never win anything. Just sell them! 
@SUAREASY nah  cobra starship should come to brazil!
@SUAREASY No fair. I cant go to a show in NY.  Lol.
@SuaveSophie being a frikkin 3oh!3 addict. crap its 3:45 am...  whyy do i do this
@SuaveWreck lol nah Gshit make it stop, I have on shorts 
@Sub7ero Oh, wow...next weekend   tell him I'm requesting a live screw session cd, lol.
@Subbalicious regarding the amount of usernames you have to remember... pffff, it ain't no fun indeed. 
@subbspy i can't cook 
@subclubloyal aahah aye. sitting watching some brainiac man. cannny sleep and have work in 6 hours! 
@subclubloyal nawwwwwwww. cause you'll go see i love you man. and we said we'd go 
@suberunker I used to have an annual pass back in high school too 
Well, we are moved but it´s cold in here, the fridge is too small and there is no space in the bathroom  I miss the old apartment...
Well, we lost the super regionals. Oh well. 
well, what are yall gonna do for your father 2morrow because im broke 
well, you cant win em' all 
Well.  Not yet I guess.  Dog needs out and a few things to do.  I guess I'm looking at about five hours of sleep.  Then.  Work. 
Well. ... I most definitely have a broken heart. No use pining but damn it, why do good things have to go bad 
well. After some hiccups. the truck is loaded but one day late (and like another $100 more). Storage, tomorrow.  #fb
Well. At least i saw her. Part that sucks though is shes being a jerk 
Well. Let me speak this. M�?T MO?I WA?  ?ang la?m ?�?ng Chi? [ hic hic ].
well.. darn... forgot to wash my uniform after TKD saturday so no class for me tonite.     Looks like dinner with the fam for me.
Well.. Just left Michael @ the airport  3 weeks on a european USO tour! Miss him already!
Well...  there goes my natural light.  
well... at least she's sleeping now and has a doc appointment tomorrow... 
Well... Bleck. They just ended the show 4 hours early. I knew that rain was going to cause problems... 
well... FB have some connection problem! 
well... i think we are both dieing. i hope tomorrow is better... for both of us.  
well... I was back yesterday but PC wouldn't turn on. had to use Birthday money to buy new power pack for the pc 
Well... looks like the dog destroyed the one pair of flipflops i had...  they were kinda' expensive too. 
Well... nothing new has happened in my life... the one guy I'm in love with and I don't even know him 
Well... This storm is boring. 
Well... with all the #au2009 emails going out  and my mailbox still painfully empty,  I guess I'm not going to Vegas in November 
well... WoW is starting to lose it's appeal.   Being unable to raid or see &quot;new&quot; content is starting to take its toll on me I think.
Well.... it seems the good good mood is now gone... I just yelled at 4 people....  BUT!!! They totally deserved it, and it is almost 5pm.
well...... just working.... yeah i know... it sucks 
Well.....Xbox broke second time before its second birthday.  Do i get a ps3????   But i have no money......Who am i talking to????
well....guess i got to get to ironing morgan's clothes that have been lying in her windowseat for ages 
Well....half my apt got super cleaned today.  It's a start.  Now I have to go to bed ridiculously early to be at work at 7 am tomorrow. 
Well....its daylight and you know what that means...yard work. 
Well...I am trying to figure out how to put a CD on my iPod. So far I have had no luck... 
Well...i have the worst luck. 
well...I tried &quot;The System&quot; for online casinos...it worked for a while...then all the money went bye bye 
well...im off now i wont be back on 2night going to watch the notebook...no 1 to watch it with  haha
well...im pooped.  ive been up all of thirty minutes and im already ready to go back to bed.  ughhh...i hate being sick.  
Well...Laura has the flu. 
well...steven was gonna spend the night. looks like i will be sleeping alone...again   #jtv http://justin.tv/mces15
well...still can´t make my photobiz work with my mac ITS OH SO STRESSFUL!!! think twit. uploader wont work either 
Well...the UK got a sweep over the US in the finale...    On the good side of things, Sanchez defeated Guida!
Welll I'm off to bed,,, I have a math exam tomorrow.  Tweet dreams and all that shizz
Welll tommorow saying goodbye to Thompspon  RIP
wellll Welllll welllllllllll im going to miss the sunsets the next two days 
wellll, it's official now thanks to larry king. even though I figured it, I'm so depresssed 
welllll EVERYONE HAVE A NICE DAY IMA MISS ALEXIS EVEN YOU CASSIE IMA MISS THE BOTH OF YOU 
welllll, it's lightning sooo i guess no LVATT at midnight 
Welp no date today  !
welp the movie is over...  it was really good tho
welp, it's impossible to pack my whole room in one suitcase.. Damn it 
Welp, they lost by 2 
Welp..it's just after 6am and I can't sleep.  oh so bored.    why am I always bored?
Wembley is officially over now i'm on the train 
wen boredom strikes there is but one thing a man can do.......i jus don't kno what that thing is 
wen can i girl catch a break  lol
Wen did @rustyrockets become to busy to tweet too us  twice a week he comes n now (IF WERE LUCKY)  U.K miss u please don't move therexxx
wen i went to refill my bttle at the gym i broke the fountain and spilt water evrywhre. n yeah, i got embarressed and left. 
Wendy bailed on me! That hoe fell asleep 
Wendy's changed the cheese sauce... I don't like it 
Went 2 court 4 bullsh*t traffic offense. Dude behind smelled of clams &amp; smacked me in the face w/his sweaty,hairy belly. My cheek was wet 
went 2 e docs this morn...said i have sever laryngitus  so sum dirty person coughed/sneezed on me with e bacteria...eeew
Went 2 gamestop, ran into co-worker who i used to like, im sad again. 
Went 2 the pool party and got a 1 degree sun burn     Plus my friend came up frm under water and hit my jaw and it cut my tounge open wow
Went all the effing way down there and downloaded the wrong file. No 3.0 for me 
Went all the way down to the plot to water the plants, and it starts raining later on that night. 
Went all the way to newcastle for hairdye and they have stopped selling it  Gona have to order online and wait days to get it 
went alton towers day and is so megazz ill 
went and bought the asus n10j today. i gotta make sure not to buy anything big for a while now 
went and looked at a new tv today. found one that i loved but it was $300. 
Went and saw UP, started crying before the actual movie even started. Then in the first mm 10min? of the movie, I cry my eyes out.  so sad
Went at to the gym here at rydges in melb she they don't have free wifi 
went back seremban &amp; frens told me i lost weight -_- yeah i wish, hahaha.. my face not as round as b4 cos im older dy 
went bike riding today &amp; scraped my legs up  pobre gato  okokok sleeeptime! &lt;3
went book shopping today, got UP TILL NOW and DARK PLACES for my dad, but nothing for me 
Went chasing carp at Main Arm.  Could see some big suckers, but no bites 
Went down hill in richmond prk fast, but crashed 'elegantly'-well pleased only a few scratches.BUT got stung by nettles coming riding out 
Went fishing down at Baker Park tonight with the kiddo. Didn't even get a bite 
went fishing last weekend and caught WAHOO!!! and since my port engine jettisoned half of its internal gears there may be no more fishing 
went fishing today, all i caught was a mild sunburn and a crap-load of weeds. 
Went fishing!!! No luck! 
went for a 10 min run...gahh I hate running...and exercise in general 
went for a fun walk in the windy rainy &quot;typical&quot; Ireland weather along the incredible coast at Carrick, N. Ireland...rain...no pics 
went for a jog this morning...i am so fat!! 
Went for a massive run before and now probably won't be able to walk tomorrow. Fun. Also my chest hurts 
went for a ride. couldnt find arlene fuchs katz. 
Went for a walk at the mall. Rained so hard, the sun didn't shine anymore  Bought the plane ticket of @irmayzing. She'll be home Monday.
Went for a walk- but did not see my owl again  He was so freakin cool!
Went for a walk with Carmen - now I feel bad for accidentaly giving her a bruise on her leg getting her out of it. 
Went for my drive, good to get out the house. Here's where I went, pic from another time cos it was raining!  http://twitpic.com/5579p
went for something to eat then realise he best not.. lauren may kill me  haha
Went from fun to shit in the matter of minutes how gay wish i had my keys 
went fucking jet skiing with arissa. we hit 42 mph, hehe. i'm sunburnt 
went go karting today,now im back is sore from the seats 
went grocery shopping with sister.  saw a lot of food i can't eat.    http://pikchur.com/aeS
Wen't hiking at Runyon Canyon today. Pretty cool. Awesome view. Just wish I'd had a camera with me.  Maybe next time.
Went hiking at Runyon Canyon today. Pretty cool. Awesome view. Just wish I'd had a camera with me.  Maybe next time.
Went home during lunch to gt the iPhone 3.0 update; was not available yet  Will have wait till 5:30 now
Went home early. Got sick three times and couldn't sleep well cuz of stomach issues again. 
Went home for lunch...left my glasses there  back @ work and I can't see. Booo tweety hoooo 
went home sick  said goodbye to my family from kansas 
went home sick from work 
Went home sick on my birthday   but atleast I came home to this! Thx mom &amp; dad!! http://twitpic.com/7y5c6
Went home sick yesterday for the first time since i started working there. Today feeling better but still dizzy 
went home sick. horrible headache.  sleeping soon.
Went horsebacking riding for nearly 2 hours with hubby. Horses were really good, would have rode longer, but my horse had a loose shoe 
Went house hunting yesterday!! It sucks..house prices are way up in certain areas.. If we want a good deal we have to go to Queen Creek 
went in the steam room while at the spa with @maddione but it actually hurt a bit where it was so hot on my face 
went in the sun for literately 5 mins and i got sun burnt 
Went in this morning to speak to the year 7+8's about the football tornament and now relaxing at home before i have to go back for a hour 
Went in to pac sun and it reminded me of my vegas boys 
Went knitting and actually knit, but still not feeling the 'knitting mojo' or whatever it is.  I'm trying, which is something right?
Went looking by car...still not found 
Went looking for Pete but I think he's long gone. He's never been outside. Worried. Heartbroken.  
went miniqture golfing and to chuck e chesse...but my boys not feelin well 
went on a mission and a half to find josh birthday gift. then went to his birthday dinner then went grunion running last night. no fish 
Went on a run on the beach &amp; was horrified, I saw a dead baby seal wash up on shore 
went on the hunt for Russell Brands book today. saw it months ago but was too skint to geddit. wasnt there  got his dvd instead XD
went on vacation now i am back 
Went out and rode the Eagleman course yesterday....was windy and hot! Just like usual then 
Went out drinkin' last night... realize how old I'm getting by length of recovery time 
Went out for a bit with Dave to dinner and stopped by the store to pick up a few things. Sadly, no coconut M&amp;Ms were to be found. 
Went out for lunch today, Its pouring down with rain!  If only we have the weather we had yesturday.. it was soo sunny!!
Went out for lunch. Ryan's nose is still so runny. 
Went out hiking. Perfect day, but a bad fall.  Still, I wanted excitement, and I got it. LOLZ
Went out in hollyhood last night, boring 
went out in the end...had chips....blast!! 
Went out jogging, with sun, wind, soo nice! Except when i had 2 hills to up  But all in all it was refreshing
Went out like 145 or so... Made a stupid all-in with KKQ7 1 suit... Guy had aces and they held 
Went out to a bar for one of the first times (in the states) and got my ID rejected- they wouldn't serve me  haha.  So I DDed.
went out to eat and so tired after the all day thing.but i wanna go get my amp fixed 
went out whit my girls....... bad idea 
Went outside to ride my scooter. Felt rain, so I had to come inside. 
went past The Leaking Boot earlier. Was still burning a bit. Near enough pulled down 
Went shoe shopping earlier and got a great pair of gladiators.  Hubby did not approve &amp; made fun of them. 
went shoppin 4 cross country shoes- no luck 
Went shopping for books again. At some point while my paperbag was being passed around, the bag tore open and one book fell out. 
Went shopping for the 2nd day today, got some more holiday clothes =] Bored noww 
went shopping to find some prom shoes but didnt find any 
went shopping today at pac sun! got 2 shirts and at nordstoms I got a hoodie, and a shirt :]    but I still need shoes 
went shopping today but its still not a good day. 
went shopping today, had money to spend on clothes.. but i didnt get nothing 
Went shopping with @2009jessica2009 today and spent way to much money! And my ipod has decided to delete all my music  
went shopping with mom... 11 am - 4 30 pm... my feet, my poor poor feet... 
Went swimming -- but it's really cold outside 
went swimming again today... my lil man got a sunburn though 
went swimming and got burnt to a crisp!!! this sucks.... 
went swimming and then to george eastman house and the mt hope cemetary... i think im burnt  it was hot today
Went swimming with cellphone in pocket 
Went swimming, sunburn still hurts 
Went this afternoon to another Vet. Got Stewart a nice brown ceramic fired urn. Sweet boy would like that better. Miss him so much 
went to 6 flags..... got sun burn and blisters on my feed :o ... and parents left this morning 
Went to a bank holiday car boot sales today. Tons of dealers hunting for games, but managed to grab a few goodies, nothing too exciting 
went to a hip hop dance class at the gym that was not that hot 
went to a land of wonder today ... really SSSLLEEEPPPYYY .. but need to do stupid religion essay 
Went to a protest for the #iranelection and there was no one there. 
Went to a thai naked ladies spa yesterday and got scrubbed to hell. Oh my god why is there NOTHING like that in the uk,,it's amazing 
Went to a veryy fun but sad graduation party for lis! Love her and i'll miss her!! 
Went to a water sports day with my dad and best friend laura today.. Ive really damaged my knee cos it got stuck in canoe when i capsized 
Went to adventure island today !! Got sun burn 
Went to all that effort to get a cheap ticket and now will probably have to pay to change the ticket 
Went to auction to bid on car advertised as &quot;1964 Shelby Cobra&quot;. Turned out to be replica.  Wasted trip. Sounded great though.
Went to Ault park to play. They had a band. We had fun playing right up to the point Peri pooped her pants. 
went to Baby Jupiter last night, but no old workmates there  The rare steak at Blackhouse grill with friends was ace though
Went to babys r us with donna and her kids'.. Im thinking now it may have been a bad idea 
Went to be bed at 5:30 am and woke at 7:30 am. So not ready for an 8 hour work day 
Went to beat my cousin up and she wacked me in the face with the storm door! Ouch! 
went to bed @ 10PM then awoke @ 12AM and havent been able to go back 2 sleep 
went to bed about 2ish woke up at 6:30. Drove to my moms. Watch jon and Kate then went to sleep. I'm still tired! 
went to bed at 11pm out of sheer exhaustion, slept 2 hrs, now wide awake w/ insomnia. my body aches, think i'm coming down w/ something. 
went to bed at 12am up at 4am didn't have to get up till 6am, now to get my oil change that is 3 months overdue and then class from 11-5 
went to bed at 3 a.m got waked up at 8, so tired 
Went to bed at 3:30 am &amp; back up at 6am... Coffee will not be enough today 
Went to bed at 4 AM. Woke up first time at 7:30 AM. 
Went to bed at 4:30AM and had to get up at 9 just to help my sister work. This is SO not fun 
went to bed at 5pm and now cannot sleep 
went to bed at 8pm and now wide awake at 4 am. I don't have to be to work until 8:30. This is going to be a long day 
went to bed early last night,couldn't sleep properly, woke up way early..all in anticipation of 9am meeting and still got late by 4 mins 
Went to bed for an early night as I was tired and got to sleep at 2am  Now I'm seriously tired!! 
Went to bed half-drunk at 12:30.  Woke up at 5:30.  I don't today will be so good. 
Went to bed last night &amp; no Kahlua Brownies on @tastespotting.  Up at 5am, and they're already 1 photo away from being on the 2nd page 
Went to bed last night just to have the power go out three times in the night!!! Needless to say I slept very little cause it was so hot 
went to bed sick, woke up sick ughh i just want to go back to bed  can't though it's graduation today!
went to bestbuy today and found that they had pretty much ever HP except the one i wanted to look at 
went to BJ's, then to my sons school for family fun day...and now we are home...and of course its still raining out 
went to borders but their all out of rolling stone magazines 
went to BSD and citos. didnt get to buy the nude high heels for grad and grey dots ballet flats cos my dad was in a hurry! 
Went to bullfeathers to see @amylynn814 but she wasn't there!  said hi to @erinmutza &amp; headed to smittys.
went to buy a camera tonight and the van battery died  Instead had an awesome dinner with some great friends!
Went to buy a laser printer lol dammit cable sells sepertly 
Went to buy blink 182 tickets and the presale was over 
Went to Carson City to find shoes fir spinning. I had no luck.  I'm going to Sacramento next weekend to find some.
Went to chic-fil-a and realized i forgot my wallet  was driving around without  my license!
Went to church today with mom for the first time in a few years, remembered that you cant women under 60 there 
went to church with my friend kendrick this morning then hung out at his house w/ his fam and now im at home bored out of my mind 
Went to church, sang a hymn, nearly passed out, threw up, went home early,  bad times...
went to collage 2day for one lesson! revision time now, exam tomorra 
went to CURRY HOUSE in irvine today. that place was pretty bomb but it wasnt better than Curry House in Hawaii 
went to dick's and payless cause they had Now Hiring signs but they told me to just apply online  that never works
went to eat already! i cnt wait for my thur off!! only day 
Went to farm burning today but it was cancelled by Health &amp; Safety because of the asbestos roof and a faulty fire extinguisher  
went to fill four cavities  you la give me so many sweets  eat too much already 
went to forever 21 to buy a pair of sandals. they were not there. i cried a little. now i have to buy them online and pay for shipping. 
Went to friend's house to watch Penguins game.  Penguins were quite a disappointment 
Went to get my car inspection sticker got gigantic red R one. Just keep piling it on. I can take it. Don't worry about me. I'll be ok. 
Went to go layout at my pool, and there was no flippin sun ugh! Now im super bored 
Went to graduation last nite. My brother Joey graduated and now he leaves for college on tuesday or wednesday.   ill miss him a lot
Went to gym and came back. Eventhoough you smoke outside, when you come back in the smoke follows you and it annoys the gym-ers... 
Went to gym, and I think i strained an ab muscle  Ouch! Its been a rough day.
Went to happy hour.... sick before we even started! Chicken strips with dairy in the batter, I despise you!! Still sick today 
went to harambee, sushiland, and then kerry park....everything we did when the cali peeps were here. SAD  but great memories though!!!
went to her old college today, nothings changed! expect i felt really really old 
went to ihop again. Great for a diet   At least there were no kung foo pancakes this time. -Rachel-
Went to IKEA today! I could spend hours there...and buy tons- but I can't fit it all onto my car  Stocked up on LOTS of candles though!!!
went to Ikea today...BAD decision! I should have known that it would be busy... 
went to install gimp on eee pc. install destroyed the built in desktop system. now nowhere to edit photos from shoot today 
Went to jimmy johns w/ becca, then went to Nelsons, now about to take a nap cuz becca woke me up at 945 
Went to London with Rosalie again today. Busy busy busy. She gets so many looks its unfair. 
Went to Lone Elk Park and the bird sanctuary with Olivia and Nolan.  The bisen wern't around  http://twitpic.com/7k5xj
went to Lupa yesterday, and their new version of the orecciete with sausage has kale instead of broccoli rabe.  Not as good somehow. 
Went to my hometown today, Huntington beach, I would give anything to move back. I miss it more then ever  I don't want to leave tomorrow
went to Nafplion with Natasa and Mrs Nelly - had a lovely time and ...alas... a sunburn... 
Went to nice party but didn't meet not one nice guy, my boy said it was my leopard purse ??? When did dudes start judging handbags, wack 
went to oakridge today, after that was costco. i spent too much money today but oh well  at least i got jj and some yummy pasta!
went to office on sunday and power went off in office 
went to open houses today! I'm really gonna miss the seniors!!!!! 
Went to open inspection of dream house. Drove past it lots in past 6yrs, swooning. Totally crumbling now, will probably be knocked down. 
went to open mic. kind of a bust tonight though  didnt stay too long.
Went to panda and now i gotta play volleyball for an hour  aw well
Went to party at the MGM and disappointed at club Tabu!!! 
went to Pet Smart wit Kayla...I want a puppy  or a ferret.... oh well.
Went to pick up the iphone today... cant have it till thursday 
Went to play on Xbox Live last night and realized... I don't have any friends!!!   Anybody wanna add me?  Tag:  Functioning &gt;.&gt;
Went to put some letters in the mailbox, saw a worm and then promptly stubbed my toe 
went to red robins with swim team after finals. soo full  i feel funnyy.
Went to Ross with mom and got a bunch of cute things for less than $100 for my community rotation. Now she's on her way back to Dallas 
went to run a 5k in honor of Daniel Wultz 
Went to school for the last time *sigh* I already miss it  Also I'm ranked 3rd in my stream from 100 odd students..short by 2 percent...
Went to see &quot;UP&quot;. It was a really good movie that pulls at the heart strings  i highly recommend it
Went to see a Graham Norton gameshow filmed last night, very embarrassing and ended up with me in a numbered green t-shirt probably on TV 
Went to see Asteroids Galaxy Tour on friday, they did a brilliant version of Marvin Gaye's Inner City Blues. Original does not compare 
went to see her gramps yest and is very upset by the news! want to spend more time with him but he lives and hour away and i have work 
Went to see transformers. Compleatly sold out  Is it really that good?
Went to see UP today - very disappointed - it was sad   Almost made me cry!  I thought it was supposed to be funny.
went to see Up with alyssa, wow it was kinda depressing 
went to sleep to loud music (not my choice) and just took the coldest shower of my lifeee 
went to slep with a headache and woke up with it 
Went to Square One, I hate malls, also went to Denny's with Markily, which was ace, last night was ace too, Emily is sick 
Went to starbucks for a bagel walked out without one... They sold out 
went to state games yestarday. dogs lost there last two homegame  and i missed the perfect chance to get a picture with Danny Muno &gt;:,(
@sublicon I can probably hook that up. Got 'em myself. They're glorious. I'm @dan_radin. @danradin is somebody else.  Re: Sennheiser HD25s
@sublimeruin I also have loopt, and I also have no friends....... Awww I just mad myself sad 
@SubsonicLtd In other news, how ya been?  You sounded sad when I talked to you &amp; I haven't heard from you in awhile.  
@subsonix http://twitpic.com/68xdq - rice here 
@subtle__sarcasm om nom nom nom. I'd eat sth, but I hate eating when I've already brushed my teeth 
@SubtleBlade I think that is the day we fly home. Nothing else before that? Am very sad.  
@suburbanbird 15-day DL!  pulled his groin or something 
@Suburbman Oh noes! Now you've cast me as the anti-feminist   I was thinking more of her record on Iraq http://tinyurl.com/dbs77d
@subzero77 Hmm not sure yet, my mate cancelled our plans  boo! you?
@subzero77 Who would like me? I've missed something 
@subzero77 wooo, (: but tis true, weather is being bad 
@SuccessCoaching Just checked the webpage--wish I could attend the breakfast and hear you--have 2 commitments here in Bellingham in AM 
@suchagoodgirl hallo, just wondering if u know why David b was not on morning tv?  x
@suchagoodgirl m,than id suggest 2 just zzz it off. i dont need antih. but i had 2 take antibiotics, knocked me out cold2,none i could do 
@suchducks Alas! I has no rainbow. 
@suchducks you have many more followers than I 
@suchislife81 @prolyfthegift @djtoure  booties = photoshopped http://bit.ly/EFp79   fts
@SuchIsLife81 I sorry 
@sucka4love I know I'm sad I missed it 
@SuckaproofHov nothing much jus chillen watching movies, bored as hell 
@SuckerPunchProd aww, I want a signed copy... 
@suckit_nerds yeah, I just live with my mom and grandma. And my grandma is crazy and will condemn to hell for it 
@SuckonDz - Ah, don't remind me! She was too beautiful and sweet  Atleast she'll forever live on in our music. ♥
@suczekaj aww lame!! i wanted to start watching DOGS 
@suczekaj HUG!! i sympathize 
@sud_ Yo bhaio!Im cool yaar.but back to pune n college.and its so boring!  Miss mumbai and all those night parties n my car!  sup wid u?
@sudam08  yes, someone hasn't been reading my posts properly  
@suddentwilight haww... you're not even considering our hypothetical home sweet home? 
@sudhirnair Twitscoop sucks wen it comes to showin trends yaar  ..been noticin its 4 sometime
@Sue_Clearwater 
@Sue_Moe don't you hate that? I grabbed the dog's collar and ripped two of my own off 
@sue999 Legit? Since when is anything *I* do &quot;legit&quot;?! :p This sunburn is legit though 
@sueannesjewelry Well, no fainting! My iron was too low and couldn't give!   Hope your day is going great!
@Suebots i'm right with ya girl 
@suebrawley enjoy your alcohol for me! i won't be able to have any again for 9 months. 
@suebrody1 I love that song! Hope I can hear him sing it!  K, nighty night now sweet Glambert dreams!
@suebrody1 I wish I could drop life and move to a bigger city 
@suebrody1 i'm hearing AFTER the tour. Thats a 2 month wait!  Rhombus getting all the free publicity &amp; record sales boost. Boo!
@suecosby I had to google the shelter to get some background. Oh gawd, it's as bad as they come.   L.A is a pain~ http://tr.im/lAB4
@SueCSmith I was in the building and came by to see if you were there today. But I couldn't find you! 
@SueCSmith I'm jealous! I dropped mine Sunday and the screen cracked.  still works though.
@suedray I know im leaning towards euro hopping and it still wont cost as much as the flight to NZ 
@sueengelhart Tweet up.. No one invited me 
@Suefromque Oh Sue - I didn't realise that it was your door  So sorry - will her insurance cover it? You not hurt?
@suehenry Go Sue go, out to walk on waterfront, clouding over 
@sueissilly yes it is true. Where is the trust? 
@suejester Oops! Sorry for the late response! So busy today! I am leaving *early* Saturday. I will have to miss MusicLAB 
@suellen101 i could use a rum fix!!  hehehe  guess i'll wait til i get home 
@sueludwig typed a long response 2u last pm..went n2 the mofo zone 
@suenguyenn pfft, you are funny  ! but oh dang, we're so screwed tomorrow 
@suenotalex he looks taller today! He's alot better slept well last night! His nose is still crispy 
@suenotalex yes, eventually. He woke up really early 2  but seems happy enough this morning!
@sueperstar they painted over our pat hat.. 
@SueScanlon It always took a while 
@SueScanlon Of course it breaks after we drop $$ on K's plane ticket to Hawaii. Go figure. 
@sueupton Be glad it's warm there! It's been rainy, dreary, and cool here in the Northeast  #dumbledore
@suewaters It's not quite Singapore though is it?  
@Suexian u weren't having fun?  i'm sorry...
@SueySays okay that is not fun..  #BEAtwittyparty
@suezq801 LOL sadly I didn't find it 
@suffianr okay u hurt me real bad there  [ mgs.. lol such a fanboi ]
@SuffieOx yeahh.. im tweeting all the jonas fans out there to rt it.. this is so annoying!!   #jbyoutubesuspended
@sufiaa AHAHAHAHHAHAHAA YOU ARE A CUNT SUFIA. USING ME FOR MY PB 
@SuFiGirl35 well that's no way to start the day off !!! 
@sufisammy i cant see the pics from my pon!  ill see them when ill come back home from work.. *kiss kiss*
@SuFiSammy lol my brother, my brothers friends, my parents.  like we cant date 
@SuFiSammy Thanks honey, I appreciate it. I'll just miss you guys a lot when we do move. Cause I'll be without the net for a good while 
@Sugadoll now I'm tired after  a night full of thoughts... if life could be easier.... 
@sugafactory omg me 2 !! Haha i was half an hour late 4 work whoops !! Hahaha i h8 workin sat mornins 
@Sugahgal Hey hey, yep a bit, still exhausted, sooo gutted I couldn't make it.   Can't wait for next week!!!
@sugahray ? You didn't have fun? What happened?!  &lt;3
@sugamama2009 I know  So idk, i'll let you know as soon as i know something.....lol!!
@sugarbabe2 oh how I missed twitter!! It's stormy black here in nyc 
@sugarbugslings awe... or if he worked closer to home!! 
@sugarbugslings working on a sunday?  at least you all have the afternoon together ENJOY!
@Sugarcupstephh i wanna goooooooooo but i may not be here  you coming tomorrow?!
@sugarenia although it seems they 've lost it after redesigning the site... can't find it now, old link doesn't work! 
@sugarfairy511  oh no!!! sorry hon. 
@sugarghc (contd) i think malta's cable has a diffeent mtv  even disneychannel ..its different form USA &gt; uhhh rly pissedd!!
@sugarghc (contd) sums that i cant understand! i have 12 chapters of maths  to study in 2 weeks + another 10 subjects..stressed!! :/
@sugarghc day was boring...oh u finished it  i missed edward...really! u should continue with twilight from were u finished..u readingit?
@sugarghc im gonna miss u so much  its gonna b so boring now..school - study - sleep and little time  pc 
@Sugarhighpixie What about Roxie 
@SugarJones I DO!  But I can't.    Have fun!
@SugarJones Oh no that definitely isn't good.  Hopefully he can get the briefcase returned to him/her (pilot). http://ff.im/3wu70
@Sugarlandmusic i can't afford the tickets for me and my wife. oh well, maybe i'll see you guys sometime.  
@Sugarlandmusic Wish i lived in Charlotte 
@sugarmama34 I dunno, sounds pretty bad, but salt cod in water on top of the fridge for 2 weeks might take the prize 
@sugarmel PLEASE blog it, thanks for the tips, I shall try again... 
@sugarnspice7 Where R U? 
@SugarPlumKelly Thanks for checking in on me.  I guess I am just disappointed.    Oh well.
@sugarpoppy Oh Lynx ? Well, too bad for FP7 Doha though, Pretty embarassing being stripped off the title 
@sugarrae I thought you were crazy about needing it perfectly sliced. Then the deli made my turkey too big and I can barely stomach it. 
@sugarscape i cant get onto sugarscape  is there something wrong completely, or is it just my comp playing up?
@sugarsharrk Hey I was scared last night at 3:17 because of you... and I had several bad nightmares 
@sugartastic The same thing keeps happening to me! I think all my followers have discovered that they secretly hate me 
@sugartastic You never know. :o I DON'T LIKE YOUR DOCTOR PERSON I HOPE I DON'T GET HER. 
@sugarwife omg,why do I always miss these exciting events!? 
@Sugarwilla Awww, your babies..always with a blanket. So cute! They would love it here, STILL 91 degrees upstairs, fans doing nothin. 
@Sugarwilla I saw dates on her sight!! And I got an email from her peeps, I'm on the mailing list. i doubt if I'm going though  only $25
@Sugarwilla it was May 5. geez, i thought i was just there and it said in june  next time then... or maybe if and when tegan and sara come
@Sugarwilla Oh! Yeah, running out of API calls.  Stupid twitter. They need to up the limit from 100 per hour.
@Sugarwilla same... today hasnt been that great. I've been down... feel like Im wearing someone elses skin cause its not like me to be 
@Sugarwilla Thanks! Their official site seems to be down. 
@sugaryrush best nye cikgu dah pulang!  takpe, SOON for me!
@sugasense I wish for me toooo!! 
@Suge_13  Yeah I understand. *hugs* You're away from that asshole of a brother, though!
@Suge_13 I swear things will change eventually.  I'm sorry he's such an asshole.
@suggasugga hey girl, whats up? Did you get us a sweet ass room yet? I foot know what is going on with the cruise. No one has told me yet 
@sugirly It may be the power of suggestion, and I can't recall who suggested it, but I am beginning to think Billie is an impostor, too 
@sugree i want one right now. My foot is hurt 
@sugree well, sometimes it runs okay, but other times it locks up. And when it does that, it takes the whole system with it 
@suhaila I'd be happy about that except other symptoms of getting older include forgetting things, crapping your pants, and dying 
@suhleenuhhh ahhh it was nice seeing you yesterday&lt;3 you shoulda watched the hangover with usss 
@suhleenuhhh uhhh...tiffany? idk. havent talked to the roomies in a LONG LONG LONG time  feels like foreverrrrr
@Sui_92 I have so many things to talk with Boo  Nhg d�ng ti?ng anh th� k di?n t? h?t ???c ?y ?i  Kh? t�m qu�..
@suicidequeen Sorry Hun,I'm getting out at around 4-5. Hope you see this. 
@Suitcasekitten  sorry that dude didn't show up. You can be my roommate. We did it once before
@suitecherryl HAHAHA! Awesome! Unfortunately, I have a load of research to do before tmr. 
@Suja09 ah, not enough sleep  i love sleep but i can't get enough!
@sujamthe No140con for me. No $.  Laid off in Dec '08; still looking. Have a BLAST; please tweet lots so I can feel like I'm there 
@sujamthe on my way to Mexico  try writing into help and requesting a pw reset
@sujayendra I had no clue about Soumik's place actually..  
@sukaira  wish I was there. Have fun!
@sukhjit intermittant for me 
@sukickwong haven't listened to music in ages? I'D DIE 
@sukino yeah, I'm sure it will be lol.. gonna be hard aswell (no pun intended) but I won't have any food in my fridge/freezer then either 
@sukkas oh dear, it must have hurt so badly  my dentist is the best dentist in the world, do you want me to give you his number?
@sukritid oh man, so so good sounding. i miss Nud Pob  not much in the way of thai food in Saratoga Springs...
@Suksy Are, m so sorry!! I thought @hnprashanth must have informed u!! Sorry, magaa!! 
@SullivanTire i wish, i'm in pinstripe country  whoa is me
@SullivanTire you need to make an exception ... 
@SullyFubar lucky  oh well i'll get to see u Thursday I suppose  so that makes me happy
@sulphate hopefully i can hold out that long haha  and we will have so many fun adventures w/o shitty fuckhead cunts thx
@sulphate yes pls  i need to get out of here and away from every single person i know
@Sulpicia_V leavin soon 
@Sum1sStar Im so sorry ... I cant believe you guys got in a fight. Its a good thing you are leaving. Could get worst.   Did u leave?
@Sum1sStar My prayers are with you  &lt;3
@Sum41 Haha. Just don't set yourself on fire like I did. 
@Sumana_Raja Stop being all editor on me! No. 
@sumants aww shucks, how come I NEVER noticed that until now? 
@sumares not really...cant sleep 
@SumbodyTrippin Oh lawd, U know I say &quot;girl&quot; out of habit, i'm sorry  But mannnnnnnn u know! His ass be stanking!
@Summa_Reign And if not of &quot;MF Doom&quot; then no 
@summah So sorry  *hugs*
@summaiya i never knew u had twitter! and they lost today  so sad!
@summer company session listening to  owner of savior-faire speak about etiquette. &quot;avoid emoticons&quot; 
@SummerAlyssa why u upset?? i miss you girl! havent seen u in like 3 days but it feels like forever  ahaha im so weird!
@SummerBabe721 Oh sis  I just wanna grab a flight and come get you and the minks.
@SummerBailey i been slackin on being a whore  i tink im officially retired
@summerblonde83  i probably cant get online until at least tomorrow night. 
@summerblonde83 i take that back. there are 15 comments there. only 15!!! ppl don't love kranoop? 
@summerblonde83 re: Conan, I have no idea...no TV for me 
@summerchic121 that sounds fun I wish we got to hang out. 
@summerdew on voit pas grand chose 
@summerelayna why do you want to cry? 
@summergoddess @jillysiahaan how many dogs you have, put? I'm so jealous, I really want one!!! 
@SUMMERgoneCRAZY :o  not this sister...?    **points at self**
@SUMMERgoneCRAZY No......  but I'm seein it TONITE!!!!!! CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!!!! XD
@summerislovey Its not my fault 4 year olds can beat me up  lol
@summerislovey oh thanks 
@Summermackenzie that's even more sad  I'm good and congrats! dude do you have any messangers?
@summermendoza .   I read about this and am sad that I missed it too.  
@summernags aww i did 
@summerphillips  why are you mad at me.. ?  i cant loose you as a friend summmey im sorry !  &lt;/3
@SummerRP I need something 2 make me less depressed cuz of me now being a freshman 
@summersgotstyle done 2 German reading papers today, have you? I NEED TO CONCENTRATE! 
@summersSnowfall- lol! Well the sad part is... It was a really cool indoor place that's now a gym over in Belleville now. 
@summertea Aa, MGS was never Sony exclusive, only MGS4 was.  Really curious to see what MGSR is going to look like. Nothing out yet 
@SummerTheKid I ate more that I should've today, just 'cause I was ill  I had a bowl of cereal, a sandwich and a banana.
@summertime_grl I've never 
@summertingz no choice! office renovation.. 
@summerx19 im gonna miss you so much tooo! 
@Summie56 awuh...I am sorry....I hate it too 
@Sumoflam that's sad. 
@Sumooqip  thats not very helpful. don't you want the comic to return TO THE INTERNET!?
@Sumpinelse lol, right!!!  Man they r totally suckin today.  
@sumrheat that sucks Kel!  What is wrong with him?  Sarai has a cold.....she too is sick again 
@Sumthn2c Nevermind now, The day is over.   Have a safe flight tomorrow.
@sunanda_roy  Can't help it...Lots of ground to cover 
@sunbug also the problem is the thickness of the packets, I'm trying to cut down on postage costs as well 
@sunburndiary Haven't you heard? Coffee-i is now closed.  Stalls nalang sila ngayon. We need to catch up, seriously!
@sundavish home unfortunately! 
@Sunday28 guess I'll never hear the story   Darn 
@Sunday28 I have been playing the Sims 3 for a few days now and like it.. A little laggy unless you have beefy machine or a small LCD tho 
@sunday67 : only 5 days remaining 
@sundayaffairs I COULD NEVER DO THAT!!!!!!! 
@sundaycosmetics It's because I can relate to the employment agency. I hope the current one I spoke with yesterday can really help me. 
@sundaycosmetics no kidding! However I really felt sorry for his date  She looked like she wanted to disappear.
@sundaycosmetics Sadly, yes.   I very rarely hear from them these days
@sundayfeed im TV läuft Sissi, omg 
@sundayrevival i love the pumpkins (even have a tattoo), but james iha puts me to sleep and it's just depressing to see him in that band 
@sundayrevival they're already out, w/tags. It won't matter if they delete every comment about it, it'll be linked back to ONTD and LJ 
@sundaystorms Terrible for me too! 
@SundeepToor Re-uploading  I knew that was gonna happen, I was too quick to announce it was online!!
@sundemon10 How did Tweetdeck work on Linux?   or 
@Sundi_MOZ Thank you!  I hate that it looks different on different size screens as Twitter doesn't auto adjust 
@Sunfeet22 dang it, now i'm never gonna win the publishers clearinghouse sweepstakes 
@sungminni ehm,, annyonghaseyo sungmin oppa??hangugorul paerowatsumnida..can u help me??kidding..hehe.. sorry my korean language so bad.. 
@Sunir yeah - just got to gold status.. travel might slow down a little now though... 
@sunkast You're no spring chicken any more I'd guess. I found that out about myself this week 
@sunkissedpeach ..can still see the patients..and hear the screams. Sorry!!...that REALLY brought back memories  xxx
@sunkissedpeach congrats on the win....as I sulk over here 
@sunky being a grown up is horrid, isn't it 
@sunky That's actually cooler than the super In Rainbows set! 
@sunky The only Aus show? Crap. 
@sunmess she was performing at the lifeball in vienna this year but unfortunately i didn't get the chance to see her. 
@SunnieBridges I don't know. :| Just poking at you 
@Sunnif i hope you are okay... its no fun being sick (even though i have not been sick for 5 years now) 
@Sunny_Boye my tummy hurts    i ate too many charries
@sunny525 Wasn't given that option.  This is Fourth call today 
@sunnydeefan3 ... well aint that a biatch that you hate me lol... &amp; called me a loser 
@sunnydeefan3 ....... Well I was talking to myself for like 25 minutes :shrugs:  ...... 
@sunnydeefan3 yep, something i would love to go to cause my fav player plays for Barcelona but tix are too expensive and hard to get 
@SunnyDeelight aww man its fun! I wish u were here... 
@sunnydeelight my boyfriend is blurry  http://mypict.me/2Wz2
@sunnygirl82 @slybabyk I'm working tonight  But I might go before work...
@sunnygirlkate from sonjas house up to brenig and then in the field dam was that evil ! like the damn biketour to gym   no its not funny
@SunnyJRo @trickygin I see it in my inbox but I have to get ready for work!  I'll read it when I get in! *Grin* Just don't tell the boss.
@sunnylam No, not in Assisi anymore 
@sunnymchao yeahh!!   hahaha I used to eat them a lot when I was in australia  but here in mexico we don't have krispy kreme shops haha
@sunnyside__up aw paula.  i love you!
@sunnysides thankyou!sadly as I'm feeling the credit crunch somewhat it's going to have 2 b a �5 mr tops special  could all go wrong!
@SunnySmile4u Oh, I'd love some rhubard pie! My rhubard plants are gone now - turned over to flower beds.  I miss being able to pull some 
@SunnySoPretty Ugh me too 
@SunOC hahaha..she didn't.. computer said no  Vodafonething didn't work bc i dont remember my password.. STUPID!
@sunriseon7 yes of course, i love your show only cause i always come watch performers, and eric was on the other day but you didnt tweet 
@sunscorchx I DIDNT THROW HIM! HE FELL! and hes not brain damaged. 
@sunsh4breakfast not all alone... I am here 
@sunsh4breakfast Ouch. That sucks. 
@sunshine_ Its killing me.. Birthday's on Tuesday 
@sunshine_ LOOOOLLL I was wondering whooo the hell was that!! I called back at 6 AM but it was busyyyy  What's up, my love?
@SunShine_713 idk and what about summer school 
@Sunshine617 no from what I know  sorry. From what I know he doesn't
@sunshine72662: She's part-time and comes in a few times a week to help me  - I'm looking my mum full-time, she's on chemo 
@sunshine8503 Yes I am! I hope I get to meet GaGa, but because she's doing a VIP afterparty for those 19+, I don't think I'll be able to. 
@sunshineangel89 Yeah..  Of course next time. ;) ICQ?
@sunshinebabyyy aww baby alva, i'm sowwwy  i love you. i hope you're okay! i'll call you tomorrow! xoxo?
@sunshineboat @revvell Yesterday = total disaster. 10 hours driving and couldn't find Live Oak. 
@sunshinebudden why not am HunGry  and the stores close
@sunshinecelery *hug* 
@SunshineDBaby why arent u following me 
@SunshineeKiid Aww  what movie LOL i mean Aww  crys
@SunshineHammond I KNO I FEEL NEGLECTED  WE NEED TO SIT THEM DOWN N HAVE A TALK THEY WILL LISTEN AS LONG AS WE FEED THEM 
@sunshinehollyyy i rekon huh. the class is good, but dude, if the exams dont matter, then they shouldnt have them at ALL!!!! 
@SunshineKatiee I'm still awake  so weird but thanks nonetheless
@Sunshineliron I feel ya pain Sun 
Went to Stop &amp; Shop for much needed coffee, breakfast/lunch items and cat food - Looked for http://cakewrecks.blogspot.com/ - found none. 
went to take a little quick nap, and woke up with a 102 degree fever. FML 
Went to the #pafc shop yesterday &amp; the new badge is a very nasty iron-on sticker placed on the cheapest looking Adidas training wear 
Went to the Apple Store, but didn't buy anything. Not even The Sims 3. I'm just not impulsive enough anymore. 
Went to the bar yesterday all was good and fun, then we went back and we got attacked by some sick guys, I hurt my ankle pretty bad... 
went to the barkers had my beard trimmed a little too short, not happy 
Went to the baseball game and it started thundering and lightning.. 
Went to the beach again today with campbell n emma to meet my college buds  had an ace day...miss him now hes gone   but meh! lol x
Went to the beach last night wish friends and sang to the waves. I'm gonna miss it here so much. 
Went to the beach today... Had a good time.. Home now!! Thinking of starting a diet tomorrow. Need to lose sum lbs. I gained recently. 
went to the beach, now im red and burnt 
went to the beach, way sunburned 
went to the BLG concert in Philly tonight and didn't get to see them play on account of drunk friends getting us kicked out 
Went to the Boeing factory tour today, largest building on earth! Pretty interesting but no photography allowed 
Went to the Boro Jazz Fest yesterday but forgot my umbrella... 
Went to the cabin last weekend &amp; all I got was this Lyme disease infected tick bite  hello 3 weeks of antibiotics.
Went to the church for Sat. night gathering... crumbs! (not tonight...) 
Went to the comic store again, no purchases  Did get dinner at Chili's though..
Went to the densist today...my teeth kill 
went to the dentist today, it means PAIN!! 
Went to the dentist today... I hate going, but I'm glad that's over! Have to go back next week though... 
went to the dmv today.....some things never change 
went to the doctor today and got 3 shots 
Went to the doctor, got some meds for the pain.. Hoping they work so I don't have to take x-rays.. Dreading going to work today.. 
Went to the doctor's today and my blood sugar level was 178. 
Went to the doctor's. THANK GOD i don't have swine flu. School would b closed down  sigh....
today is the worst day ever. i lost everything on my computer, including pictures and my music 
today is turning out to be one of those days where everything you do falls apart.  lets hope it gets better.
Today is waste. 
today is weird...all meetings got postponed...outluk screwd up...terribly hot outside n am getting so irritated....need a punchin bag 
Today isn't a good day 
Today isn't gonna be an easy one..... And tomorrow is sure to be harder 
Today isnt looking pretty hot. A dark cold rainy day is upon us 
Today it is raining in Kassel 
Today it was a busy day.  My husband is sick!
Today it was SO HOT :O !  College was ridiculously boiling too     and last night I was up until 4:30am doing... http://tinyurl.com/kwf7mc
today it was too sunny, then it rained, now it is sunny again hmmmm oh dear, its hot tomorrow as well, i will deffo boil in my jeans 
today it was very rainny and wet and i was in the rain at camp  well im goin to bed nite
Today its already busy  I wish it was slow maybe later hopefully !!
Today ive 2 move all my things from my old locker 2 a new 1. Wasting time. Whilst i also hv 2 check 3 guidelines of next project 
today I've got no class...how boring I am...huhuhu 
today Jonas Brothers concert here and I can't go.. 
Today just fucking sucks for me!! 
today just sucked ass 
Today kind of sucked, I wanted to fly to Vegas in my plane, and my wife took the keys with her by mistake.  Stayed home watching TV.  
Today looks like I have the choice between sneezing to death or melting  - http://bkite.com/08SWs
Today looks like i'll be mailing the video game someone one, then working out and idk after that, charles is gone till sunday though 
There was an awesum legend of Zelda hat in the sound shop. We didnt have enough money to buy it tho!  sad times sad times.....
There was damn near no traffic on the way to work today. Is everyone on summer vacation?  Why didn't they take me? 
there was just a fight and the hot ass sub broke it up. fucker pushed me. 
There was just a spider on my bed 
there was no BBQ today  weather wasnt good sad now!!
There was no Italian class 
There was no monkey yesterday!  So disappointed 
There was no one in the building last night  No guests...no breakfast   Oh well...today we have guests...so tomorrow there shall be food
there was only meant to be one x 
THERE WAS SOME WERID OLD LADY TALKING TO US IN THE RESTROOM AT CASA DE SALSA 
There was such a cute guy on the bus last night coming back frim WLS, but he got off at Chatswood and I didnt get his number  devo...
There was such a cute guy on the bus last night coming back from WLS, but he got off at Chatswood and I didnt get his number  devo...
There wasn't enough room to dance  but it was still fun.
there were crazy lightning storms here last night... maybe no tennis class again today? 
There were like four guys that just got like arristed at the park  yeekk!*
there were murderer's in my room last night 
there were no cookies 
There will be no show tonight  Come see uson Sunday at the Somerset Patriots stadium in Bridgewater, NJ at 12:30 pm!
there`s 9 days. 
There´s a storm in my heart  I hope it would pass *
@SunshineODT Yep! Wish I could meet you though..  .. One day...will have to figure something out..
@sunshinepenguin well, CNB is quite interesting institution, but talking about it is very boring  what is topic of your work?
@sunshinepenguin yes I did catch it and I was full of mud  oh poor baby bird  Always sad to see such things 
@SunShineStuvS goin bak 2 skul 2moro. Holiday is ova  Havin mixed filns as usual
@sunshinetalia Clothes swap is tonight, right? I forgot to put in iCal and now all texts are gone.  I had to restore and start over.
@suntea it's almost over. 
@SUNWAYHAWAII wish I was there 
@Sunyshore If you use Firefox why not just make a bookmark to it in your toolbar and reteach yourself to click that? 
@sup_ashley That's cute haha.&lt;3 Jesse is such a meanie though and saying I suck. 
@sup_ashley you're at pf? fuck you.  haha. you always go there. I haven't been since august.
@sup9412 i &lt;3 @TraceCyrus 
@SupaCreative LMAO MAN last time I cooked was when I told you I was going to do it the next day. been so busy 
@supaflyafro i missed most of it. but something about how you should no longer eat raw cookie dough 
@supahfangirl AHHH Pete and Pete! I miss that show  @-)
@supahhero: SHUT UP I DIDNT KNOW MILO WAS IN THAT MOVIE. I would watch it again but it was scary. 
went to the dr about migraines and came back with a mole removed nad a hole in my back  stupid izzy on greys making me paranoid
Went to the driving range for the 2nd time ever. Wrist doesn't work anymore  Can hardly type. Sad moment.
Went to the ex lover's house to pick something up.. so awkward.. but I LOVE HIS PARENTS!!! They said they really missed me!! 
went to the footy today but it wasnt very fun! 
Went To the gym and done a 4 hour sessions was absolutley knackered  will pay for it in the morning (N) hope everyone is well x
went to the hack ass baby shower....long story. Thank god I didn't have to cut up...bed time work @ 11pm 
went to the lake and got really really burnt  i look like a lobster lol....it hurts!
went to the lavender ball gay prom at case western in cleveland ohio, was ok me n the hubby argued  but all is well now.
Went to the mailbox and came back with 5 mosquito bites. I'm a tasty buffet of blood to those bastards 
Went to the mall dissapointed in the selection of purses 
went to the mall today cus kitty needed a promotion dress but she couldn't find one she liked  anyways i'm hungry.... lmao
went to the mall today, no shoes  bout to get some pizza we been pizza eatin fools lately
Went to the mall w/ judy. Gonna watch bride wars all by my lonesome self 
went to the mall with leeza! so much fun. but aaron did kinna wreck my day  now i have to do some h.w...
went to the market for the last time.  this is gonna be a sad change.
Went to the Met Market for free wine tasting - but it had ended 
went to the movie &quot;state of play&quot;  Now I know again why I don't like Russel Crow, sorry for the fans
today made me sad.  brandon tam is a meanie, finals suck, and it's just basically one of those days.
Today marks the 5th year me &amp; my hubby have been married! Can't really celebrate tho cuz he's still in Iraq 
Today marks the eleventh anniversary of the death of my mother. It's going to be a sad day.   I miss you, Mother! 
today math, volei then math 
Today more sore than surgery day. Glad I took extra sick day.  Full recovery expected after 6 weeks.  Calling lawn service firms today 
today my feelings were hurt at school 
Today my newphew is having surgery at 9am 
Today needs to hurry up and be over with. I got a sick kid. 
Today offically sucks my kitty Cooper is going to her new home  im going to miss her so much.
Today officialy fucking sucks. My mom is the biggest bitch ever. Text me 
Today on the skytrain this kid sneezed and snot hit my foot. I was wearing flipflops gross 
today really isn't a good day. 
today really miss my late dad.   he left us all on the 27th of this month 2006. so totally 3 years now  :'(
Today really sucked!  Hope tomorrow is better... 
today school.... meh. mmm i got a free slurpee t-shirt... but the raspberry t-shirt stained my hand red.... 
today seemed like a very long yet fun day. i think i did something to my ankle, its really bugging me when i walk 
today seems like 1 of those very boring, slow, depressing days 
Today seems like it should be a good day! Even though my fuel pump is going out on my car  *~xoxo~*
today seems like premature winter 
Today shall be dedicated to sorting out my wardrobe. Yes I need an entire day. Big still hasn't called me back 
Went to the pet store. Fell in love with a puppy. Can't afford it. Sulking. 
went to the pool today. put on sunscreen. got burned REALLY bad. and hurts like non other 
went to the pool yesterday. Swam for about 2 hrs, my phone swam for 2 min.  took it home and gave it a rice bath.  Hope its gonna b ok 
Went to the stores to buy some strawberries, because I really wanted some. But they had none left! 
Went to this McDonalds and it was packed with 12 yrs girls I feel sorry for the people who work there  http://yfrog.com/3ykrfj
went to TNT tinting to test my windshield for air blue tint. failed by 0.8%. so I guess no windshield tint for me. 
went to universal citywalk last night with my friend from ventura. she had her heart broken 
Went to Watergate last night. Awesome club. 12€ cover  It had one of the most amazing lighting setups. Stayed out till 7 am.
Went to Whole Foods finally! never can seem to spend less then $80 in that place  made some miso soup hopefully it'll help with being sick
Went to Wild Wild Wet today with Jin Hui( gives us complimetary ticket),Shu Wei &amp; Mindy.It was fun but now I get flu  Its medicine time 
went to work on my bike cuz my car in shop 
Went to yoga tonight....but then ate Taco Bell. 
Went walking today. First exercise I have had in months and now I have blisters on my feet.! 
went wave poool today.  titi and uncle rui &amp;&amp; aidan left for Portugal an hour ago.  wish i went with them. i miss portugal
went wedding band shopping with @GoatiusCaesar... &amp; wrecked her diet with mass consuming fondue for dinner 
Went well... though I forgot to say some important things 
today should go pretty fast.. bummer the crosstown classic was postponed yest 
Today slowly progressed into a better day...but now I'm tired 
today smells like more rain.... yuck. i think i'm going back to bed; 6 hours was definitely not enough. wish i were at bamboozle though 
Today so did not feel like a day off. 
Today started off crazy enough and just got a little crazier.  Need to fit in an emergency dental appointment for the little man 
Today sucked! Was nauseous all day. Feeling better now and hungry, but everything is closed!!! Might die... 
TODAY SUCKED!!!  I am in Texas where it's hot and no @DannyWood @DonnieWahlberg @JoeyMcIntyre @JordanKnight or @JonathanRKnight to see. 
today sucked. I'm gonna die without chris and callum!  wahhh!
today sucked. tomorrow probably won't be any better :/ whatever. Idiot. 
today sucks =\ crappy weather, no plans &amp; feel like complete crap 
Today sucks balls, last night had major argument with 2 housemates who don't want to pay bills fairly and now my friend is moving away 
today sucks, it's raining. i wish i was going to see @ifcmusic tonight 
Today sucks,.. 
today sucks. I hit my head on a huge desk while I was brushing the dogs. plus other miserable female things. and overall feeling shitty. 
Today sucks: i'm losing all my friends AND i have to get a shot 
Today the weather is perfect, but it seems to be a sad day 
today totally made me miss high school..  but on a happier note..im going to see @ddlovato next week!!!!
today tuition gained nothing  - http://tweet.sg
Today virginia has to actutally deliver 
Today was a bad day, and I feel like crap because of it... 
today was a big drama, like something off the tv, im now scared of dogs  !
Today was a bit of a distracting day.  Many Fedx and UPS visits.  Still, no Doomsday Key hardcover editions. 
today was a crappy day filled with me feeling sick 
Today was a exam of Russian language. I felt and now feeling not well. Fuck all. 
today was a good day chilled with my lil familia earlier....but when he away something telling me dont trust where he is at 
today was a great day with my Patrick :3 but he had to go... and i couldn't go with him... 
today was a great day. really tempted to smoke 
Today was a R.E. test. Homework are sometimes stupid. We must  handicraft a piano ?!?! idk how i can do it! hmm 
Today was a really good day.Geetay's makeup turned out awesome and both her and Marcus looked amazing!My baby is all grown up.  tear tear.
Today was a total Failure!!  The Evo has a Boost leak and it didnt make any more power. Lost my keys and missed a date with my Baby 
Today was a very good and unexpected day full of surprises. Soo sleepy. Can't wait to get to my nice warm bed. Too bad its full of crap 
Today was amazing until my mom broke my jet ski......  I just took it in the shop too... Fuck my life.
TODAY WAS AMAZING. i won 2 guitars and went on some amazing rides. although my good friend @paintballguy113 had his iphone stolen 
wer is my boo boo bunny?  :'( i miss her
Wer the hell has the sun gone?!?....I wanted 2 hav a BBQ! 
Werder Bremen has won!! I'm sooo happy! But I'm very sad, too because IT WAS DIEGO'S LAST MATCH for Werder... 
We're 12 miles from Alton Towers... I want to stop! But the others wont let me 
We're about to embark on a literary + art tour of Prague today; big writer event happens here june 7-11  next year. next year.
We're adults, when did that happen, and how do we make it stop... I'll miss you St.Andrews!  &lt;3 Forever will you hold the best memories.
We're all a little upset cause Stephanie didn't bring brownies today. 
We're all in the plane, and we all want to stay 
Were all just broken hearts 
We're all up early 
We're an hour late to the party  srry chris
were are your best friends when you need them  im going to bed, goodnight to you all, x
we're back at UCSD...Sonya says &quot;this blows!&quot; and also she is mad about Incubus..me too Sonya, me too 
Were back home now. The heat is unbearable so the park is a no go. 
we're back in the apt...only need to go to Mirage this evening  Oh well....head to the gym then!
We're being entrounced at pool 
We're being robbed of Summer with all this rain 
We're being total lesbians right now. You're missing out. I miss Jesse. 
Today was an antihistamine day        so itchy
Today was an awful day. It can't get much worse. Doing shit then hitten the sheets. Surely not the response wanted.  nite twitter loves ;)
Today was an off day. 
Today was better than yesterday but i still need my laughing bud ....guess i gotta wait till 2morrow 
today was busy.. geez. getting ready then graduation 
Today was definitely not as productive as I would have liked 
Today was fun. But i cried cuz i got locked in a dark room 
today was funnnnnnn :] i love my best frrriends. we met Rita hahaha. still scratching myself i got a rash 
Today was good! Until I forgot my moms card in capris carrrr! 
Today was great! lol lovely lil day packed into every lil moment wish sean couldve came 
today was great. until about 9:15 pm 
Today was hard  x
Today was interesting. But now I'm nursing my cut toe. 
Today was loooooooooooooooooong, and now all I want to do is James 
We're done. 
were driving by Wonderland right now! makes me want to go on the coasters  mmm funnel cake !
we're finally off to Ox. to look for the blessed ring. couldn't face driving myself. bet it's not there 
we're getting chased by snowplows 
Were getting hated on in the carnival. 
we're going downhill 
We're going home today 
We're going to San Antonio in 4 hrs and I need to get some sleep- I'm sure it aint helping that I'm eating and whining about my gray hair 
We're going to the may faire today at Jeff's school.  But it's unseasonably rainy and dark today 
we're gonna make it a fondue party tonight! Extra hard work out tomorrow morning  but it will definitely be worth it!!
We're half way through the year?? It's the longest day and now it starts getting darker again! 
We're having a traumatic time trying to find somewhere to rent  Doesn't help that work is stressing me out.
we're having an awful thunderstorm....don't like it. 
We're having an impromptu pool party... Except I don't know how to swim so I can't get in 
Today was meant to be a good day 
today was my last breakfast club with my best friends. we get together 4 breakfast every friday.  its the last day for us seniors at LHS. 
Today was not as good as yesterday. I think it was because Perez Hilton was not punched in the face 
today was not my day  .. time 2wine down w.a nice loong bubble bath/music/ &amp; a fone call 2my love
Today was one of those days when I wanted to pull my hair out of frustration, argh! 
today was pretty good. had some amazing illinois tenderloin...but our ghost hunt got rained out  goodnight
today was siiiiick as fuck! saw miss may i, was too shy to talk to my bby  lol anyway got to meet impending doom 
today was so hot! but the sun wasn't out so no tanning 
today was so so funny ! - we had a water fight and it wasnt even that warm !! i got completly soaked  http://tumblr.com/xsn23bz26
Today was such a drag! Get better craig, I luv u... 
Today was such a good day.  Until my neighbor pissed me off &amp; my head decided to start hurting again.  
today was such a horrible dayy 
today was super funn :] and i had no idea the mall could be so funn without buying anything... and patrick dropped me on my head. 
Were having like a crazy lighting storm! Hope we dont have any fires 
Were here in Istanbul Safe and having a BLAST!!! It's Gorgeous here and were not sex slaves or sold on the black market... 
We're HOME!!  I always hate the end of a vacation.    The past week flew by too fast!
were is she? why didn't she call? please come home soon!! 
Were is Zac? i dont see him anywere 
We're just about off to the airport.  Shutting down my computer is always the saddest part of any trip.    *sniff*
We're leaving today!!!! 
Were losing jamal crawford...  fucken warriors
We're moving offices again at work. I hate moving and packing! 
We're never gonna make it  What a day...
we're not gonna be in the computer lab tomorrow in orchestra... i'm gonna miss making videos with jessie so much!! 
We're off to Pizza Express to say so long to Sally as today's her last day at the Belgrade. Sniff sniff... TTFN Sally Mushnik 
today was the day i was supposed to be getting married.  the economy ruined that, thanks economy.
today was the last day of high school for me and i ended up going home sick! ... stupid dead rats 
Today was the longest day eveeeeer, and tomorrow will be much longer  goodnight!
today was tireding.. im overly sleepy so prolly wont be able to sleep 
today was uber fun!!! thanks bitses 4 throwing me a surprise party&amp;4 making me quite smelly! @venda THNKSBGT cakenya!syg bgt td gk ada km 
today was unbelievably boring. and damn mrs robertson and her dodgy photo of me 
Today was very exciting! Erm.. My chipped Xperia still downs my mood though. 
today was very hot  piano exam on monday. 
Today we are going to finish cleaning the back garden and start with the front garden. Rafael is teething and is crying all morning 
Today we had schedule to watch &quot;Dance Flick&quot; since your an hour from home still in the hospital, I have to watch it alone 
today went from being awesome to terrifying to veryy sad 
We're on pins &amp; needles waiting to hear if shuttle will be canceled    Oh we'll be so disappointed.
we're picking up other people talking whenever my friend goes in her basement. It's getting scary!!! kite fest might get rained out 
We're playing a show tonight!!! at harmony sweet yo. in new braunfels. if you know where the fuck that is.  8 bucks!!! 8:15!!
We're playing Buzz!, but everyone's going for me to make sure I lose early... as usual.  It's tough to be so feared.
We're screwed because Mpls Children's blocks all of those too   They even block my stats feed for my blog - nothing else, just the stats
were the hell are ya ? im really starting to get worried! please please pleeeease let her be ok!!! 
were the hell is everyone?  theres no one to talk to 
Were to do tomorrow afternoons work at home, boooo! i want to get all my books finished  crappy doodles.
were working at the places I hate the most today, the aurora schools 
weres the sun gone!  oh well oasis tomorrow, i cant wait!
Werner is my Daddee! http://tr.im/werner But he gave me up. He must not love me  #Landmark
West coast &gt; East coast jet lag is kicking my a** far more than the London &gt; NY kind. 
west covinas so boring 
West Side bound M57 is late twice over. 
West Side's over..   I'm going to miss everyone sooooo much!!
Wet and cold. The pages of my books are getting wrinkly 
Wet and rainy @INRIX outing, today. Still, great fun! Met my S.M.A.R.T. golf goals   Dropped my team to 2nd in putt-off   Sorry @kushp
wet hair is making me cold   You Had Me At Hello; Holiday Parade you complete my life. :]
wettest summer ever. 
We've been so spoiled but the clouds are back 
We've been working so hard on @subeta and @valenth that I haven't had a chance to address @getsquiby server issues. It's a WIP. 
We've discovered that my little sister is scarred by this http://bit.ly/19jpT9 she's going to have to go to a child psychologist 
We've got holidays and it's raining 
Today will be shit. even my 'L' key is kinda brokes. 
today will consist of mainly an emotional breakdown!!! lol 
today would be perfect to start my summer reading list but TOO BAD they aren't ready to pick up 
Today would be the perfect day to stay in bed and sleep all day. ...too bad I can't 
Today would have been Kate's 39th birthday.  We are having a family dinner tonight . RIP beautiful Kate 19/6/1970-10/5/2008
Today would have been the day 
Today would have been your 24. birthday... I'm thinking of you... and I miss you... 
today, @thommuddle, @jamie_brooks, @connorbutler, @JennyMayLee and mark but i couldn't find him  and Beccy, she doesn't have twitter
Today, a defining moment for Iran. Tomorrow another Seacrest/Lohan dinner to shift the media attention to something more our speed. 
Today, again to the Physiotherapist.. We'll see what happens 
Today, an amazing thing happened. Me saying &quot;AWWWWWKWAAAARD SILENCE&quot; loudly failed to break the silence. 
Today, i am uninspired. And totally clueless on what to wear. 
Today, I had to magically create a custom database importer  #VDM
Today, I tripped over my own big toe. 
Today, I was putting on jeans and noting how they're my very favorite jeans and I love them so much. I proceeded to rip them. FML 
Today, I went w. my family to Wal-Mart &amp; I saw 'Picture This' it was bittersweet cuz I had no money to buy it 
Today, more than ever, it feels like their are two types of people in this world. Those who own iphones and me. 
Today, my class in ef so boring 
Today, on the way to work (BY BIKE FTW!), I saw Jack, Kack, Lack, Mack, Nack, Pack, and Quack.  No Ouack 
Today, the weather was really hot. but i went to the reading room for study. because i have to take a important examination. im so tired. 
We've gotten alot closer to my auntie ang and cousin Mario...I just wish Sheri and the boys were all here too 
We've had glorious weather for the past 4 days &amp; it ends tonight  gonna have to dig those winter clothes out, yet again..boooooo!!
We've had such a great time visiting friends this weekend at their new home. Life returns to boring normal tomorrow 
we've moved the polo picnic to the backyard  hoping it doesn't rain.
Wewt, made it home in one piece. Note to self, next half-marathon cycle attempt, take puncture repair kit and a pump!! Ho hum 
weyhey it's my birthday &amp; lovely &amp; sunny outside but have to go into the office today  Maybe I'll get to do some thing nice this evening?
WFD: Lasagna. Still 45 minutes to go, so hungry now. 
wfh today, no guesses what I'm doing - yup excel, excel, excel... Reminds me of the 'Skol' slogan... but 'cell, cell, cell,...' 
wfm tour kick off tonight at the matchbox. seeya friends  2 bands down 2 to go.
whaaa ... wasting time. 
Whaaa! I want some ice cream...but shalt not have ANY!  pity party at my place...
whaaa.... brazil 3 uruguay 0 
Whaaa?  no!
whaaaa why won't twitter support my number?!?! 
Whaaaaa  No more lessons
whaaaaaat  a weird first day, its ok. school is back 
whaaaaat!? I can´t upload videos on youtube!! 
whaaaiiii ohh whaaaiii won't tweet deck change my picture ?! 
Whaaat why is my itunes library damaged. WHY IS IT DAMAGED 
Whaaat. Skype calls are blocked over 3g networks due to contractual issues. So much for OS3 upgrade  it worked fine before in Canada
WHAAAT?! NOOOO! no twitter bullying! I am laying down. I have to be up in 6 hours 
whaaay, first day on my own tomorrow. this should go well 
Whack man du 
whaddaya know.. another headache.. great 
today/tonight was so fun with @tmmontgomery and after. how does one tweet ruin my whole mood and make me feel jealous/left out?  fml
Today: Church&gt; Gardening&gt; Made hanging baskets&gt; Went round a country house&gt; Tea and Cake&gt; roast dinner =&gt; middle aged before my years  NG
Today: gym and pim. Hummm sepertinya Y grill enak... Hahaha no no no!! Gamau besokk.. Gamau ke airport  no way! Cepet bgt sih!
today: packing, goodbye presents, baptism, and goodbye party. tomorrow: packing and spending time w/ family. tuesday: saying goodbye 
Today: TOTAL SLEEPFAIL - ended up falling asleep at 8.30am and woke at 3pm. Tonight will be hell. I fear repercussions on Monday morning 
Todayis a day of blogging and luandry...  The blogging I love--- the laundry--- not so much 
today's #kettlebell session was a fail  http://tinyurl.com/lxuh24
todays #lunch was awful, not worthy of a tweet....nuff said 
Today's a tomato soup and grilled cheese kinda day. Too bad we're out of tomato soup. 
todays a year ago from my senior prom  not gunna lie, i miss it &amp; the sandbridge house we had for the week after
Today's ABA has been full of emotional tears  #ASD #autism some days are harder than others.  Its hard to not intervene  poor baby
Today's agenda: hills cafe, study at borders, print out handouts at library, work at Hyatt, study at home 
todays been abit good :') i miss chrisx 98502398423094823094238423 though  &lt;3
today's been such a crappy day. 
Today's been terrible  Ithink everyone hates
whajfa shes just like me, korean/black, gosh why can't i be that pretty 
Whale Wars is new tonight...this show pisses me off, but I can't stop watching it 
What  do I do now?  My iPhone has been iBricked for a week now.  http://twitpic.com/7ntml
what a bad day for my teams...celtics and arsenal 
what a bad day my phone main screen is weird and my ipod home button is screwed up  tomarow i have to do a final exam study packet =(
What a bad day! Need comfort drink - sipping on a mocha frap here at Starbucks with Tricia. So tired 
What a bad headache! Collapsing! Tomorrow is Monday! 
WHAT A BAD SUNDAY ! nothing to do except STUDY !!! 
What a beautiful day !!! Let's go walking... No, WORKING  Arf
what a beautiful day here in michigan.....wish i could c my special someone   
What a beautiful day to be at the driving range! Too bad I can't golf  http://twitpic.com/5dghf
what a beautiful day to be doing school work. . .  
What a beautiful day! And I'm stuck behind my keyboard...   Maybe I'll go for a walk after lunch, to breathe in some summer air...
What a beautiful day! Hope it's not gonna rain  Perfect time for a delicious donut ^^ . Enjoy your weekend.
Today's Christian Woman is folding?  Ugh, not another one 
Today's Daily Injury: I just pulled the really heavy car door into my sideeeeee 
Today's episode of &quot;House&quot; (Episode, Simple Explanation) was so heartbreaking. 
Today's exam was awful!!!!    But at least it is over.  3 down and 3 to go.
Today's Father's Day and i havent gotten anything for my dad 
Today's favourite sound - Pneumatic Drill  http://ping.fm/ix5fz
Today's going to be a longggg one 
Today's going to be a sadish day. Saying goodbye to family is always sad 
Today's going to be another one of those &quot;ohshitohshit I'm worrying about it&quot; days, I guess. I wish I could sleep at night. 
Todays gona be shit, i know  gotta work all day, sore back, sisters pissed me off already. I wana lie in bed every hour of today and hide
todays gonna be a longgg dayy. Ahh science finals! 
Todays gonna be the worst... i feel worse than crap and i cant talk to Brenda 
Today's gonna suck. Running errands all day 
Todays gonna suck...work at gamestop 11:30am then close at regal until past midnight. Lack of sleep, too. 
today's gunna blow   someone come pick me up puhleeeaasse.
Today's Hair Style : Basic Bun - I do have to work today  no fun!
today's honeys birthday &lt;3  i have to make a cake. but i can't  that just sucks
Todays issue of Questionablecontent.net reminds me too much of a lot of people at RIT  *sigh*
What a beautiful day...to go to work..blah 
What a beautiful morning 
What a beautiful sunny day! Unfortunately, I have a soar throat and a headache, so can't enjoy it. 
What a beautifull day of shoping with my ladies, now the rain has to come along wth work 
what a blood sucking leech!! backstabber.. should've known.. 
what a boring afternoon 
What a bummer - just realized that my iPod stopped working! 
What a bummer!!! 
What a busy day it's gonna be!  I miss my baby already!!!!!
What a busy weekend....Off to a late start this morning   nice!
What a cloudy day here in Canada  I'm a lil disappointed that we didn't get the T-Storm that was said to happen
what a cold, dreary morning. it's pouring outside...and will be most of the day. 
What a complete letdown.  THE CAVS LOST!!  
What a crap day 
what a crap night.... home alone 
What a crap nights sleep I was so restless 
What a crappy day - cold, wet, and cloudy 
what a crappy day....it's finally nice out and i'm stuck inside 
what a crappy day..equally depressing, i'm going to the cemetary. 1st time since the funeral..happy 90th birthday papa 
What a crappy day: bus was 40 mins. late tonight, so I decided to walk to blow off steam, during which adventure I lost my bus pass.  
What a crappy, gloomy day  Hopefully the sun will peak out this afternoon!!
What a craziee morning.. Too much has been going through by head!! 
What a day Danny got eliminated, mavs got eliminated   What a day
What a day it has been, just starting but i miss you 
What a day my hip is killing me from the 100m 
What a day today... Full of anger and disappointments... 
what a day what a day what a day... work = FAB! family drama after work = 2 fuckin much. Again. 
What a day! #dayofservice completed, and now aching all over! Clearing trees around a beautiful lake. Splitting headache now tho 
What a day! Now I'm tired. Goodnight. 
what a day! Was rescuing a Sun Cluster  And time to give wife more attention...
What a day!! But winter is coming  Must fix the bath lol
what a day!!! motorways and trains noooootttttttt fun 
What a day, 12 hours work  But I'd really like my job, it's fabulous :b
What a day. 
what a day.. 
what a day.. and can't believe I have to cut out bananas.no fair 
Today's location shoot was canceled because of the weather 
Today's meeting's finished..now...it is time to work 
Today's my daughter's birthday &amp; her last day of school.  Happy Birthday Sierra! What a day for her. My little girl is growing up. 
Todays my last day at work   do I go in all dressed up, or looking like a hobo?
Today's my Nana's birthday.  I miss her 
Todays not starting off very good 
today's not the best day    ugh,my stupid eye!!
today's not the best of my days. it was going soo well until some things got in the way  i just don't know what to do next!
today's our last day in orlando  checking out of the resort and then off to seaworld. i get to see shamu!
today's our last gig with this line-up  I'm gonna miss the band.
Today's plan: driving back to Vienna: spring cleaning in my flat 
Today's rain &amp; wind and very cool 
todays really sunny and I'm stuck indoors because I'm ill 
today's shopping objective: purchase ONE specific item, go home. 6 hrs, 8 bags of shopping, several hundred pounds of debt later ... aagh 
Todays started off bad already 
today's sunday....don wanna go eat in the mess...no other option... 
Today's symptoms...sneezes, headache, sore throat, earache &amp; backache  Not just hayfever is it?!
Today's temp was 45 degree Celsius I dunno how will I survive If It continues like this. 
what a day.... first i  get a new niece, but now my gma has had a major stroke and im waiting to hear back from my mom for an update 
What a day.....running around....bro lost his game  and i'm @ work for d night.....
What a day;Phone isnt working tho. 
what a death filled weekend. 
What a depressing day!  More rain, and i did not make a dime today. Something about being broke and depressed is a lethal combination!  
what a depressing day.. 
What a difference a day makes - wet and windy here -no Skomer boats today 
What a difference a day makes after the day of chaos yesterday! And I can't believe &quot;Ashes to Ashes&quot; finale is Monday! 
What a disappointment. Orlando could have had this  They really need. Have a plan of attack 4 next game!
What a drab and dreary morning! Irritation levels at an all time high, especially as I'm supposed to be in bed not at work. 
what a drag i gotta go to a  wedding shower on such a nice day. So not looking forward to it 
What a f*cked up end!! I hate prison break now 
What a fabulous new development, my computer (ItOps dept?) has decided Spotify is a harmful file and deleted it 
What a fantastic Sunday treat...  http://short.to/ehrr
WHat a freakin night. Dont go to the Phoenix nearly enough. Closing tonight 
What a fscked up day, nothing went right! 
what a fucked up night for me .. nothing went right at all, heading home  ...
what a fuckin time to work 
what a fucking crazy day!!! woohooo!!! so so tired...naptime  goodnight! be safe to those who are still partying all the time!
What a fun show tonight @nrrradio ! Now off to brush my teeth and go to bed. Have to leave early tomorrow morning 
What a game! Hotty toddy! Now back to studying my life away... 
What a gewd afternoooon it waaaaz (R) I had a great time except getting my right foot injured while playing tennis  it's hurting,a lot.
what a gloomy day  , good for one thing, and that is sleeping...
what a gloomy day! 
what a gloomy day...matches my mood  
What a gloomy Hump Day! 
What a good night! Thanks @Wastedyouth89 for hanging with people who hate Jesus with me and spilling your drink everywhere 
What a gorgeous day!! And I'm going to be stuck in a lab for the next 9 hours or so 
What a gorgeous day!!!  Perfect for a picnic in the park.  Too bad we were too hung over for that!!! 
What a gorgeous day!all work and no play for me this week 
what a gorgous day pity im spending it scrubbing my oven n packing 4 the big move 
what a graet way to start the summer...  But i still have to work 8 hours a day for a week in a shop 
what a great day outside, pity that i am stuck in the office today 
what a great day to be stuck in the birmingham goldfish bowl 
What a great day to live in the Midwest. Let me just say that listening to tornado warnings on the radio for 4 hrs at work totally sucks. 
What a great dog! She doesn't want us to leave like we do every Sunday morning.   http://twitpic.com/3lj98
What a greAt night !ende too soon 
What A Great Start To The Holidays Im ILL 
What a great time to get sick 
What a Great Weekend, back to PEI tomorrow  but only 4 sleeps til I come home again and 4 weeks left....
what a great weekend-i dont want it to end!  love you Blair and Ryan hope you 2 have an amazing honeymoon
What a great workout.....im running out of whey though 
What a headache...But I still have class today. 
what a headacheee  i miss my mommmyy ahh
What a hell hearing, 6 days to await order from Judge. Cried the whole time but can only hope truth wins thru and my babies stay safe 
what a horrible couple of dreams I had 
What a horrible day 
What a horrible effect (loss of smell) the users of Zicam have.  
what a horrible morning 
what a horrible weather for the weekend.. 
What a horrible, horrible day I had yesterday 
what a lame Friday!! I need a vacation 
what a life! Went home 11pm and in the office 830am already. 
What a load of ole crock! Gna have a bad day I fear 
What a long day!! Got out of work late! Than I missed most of the Celtics/Magic game  Than the Celtics lost! 
what a long day!! One show tomorrow, and then back to school for the week! 
What a long day... Hoping next week will be better 
what a long day..geez louise 
what a long month may is going to be.. especially at work..   Dont know what to do with my time anymore.. need more friends, or something.
What a lovely day today! But i'd prefer not to be studying all the time... 
What a lovely day!!  Shame I'm stuck in the office 
what a lovely morning, shame im going back to college 
What a lovely morning. 74 degrees with 33% humidity. its like california. i know the humidity will be intolerable in the afternoon 
What a lovely way to be woken up, but you're mum screaming at you telling to put boxes in the loft, I am tired 
What a lovely way to wake up...screaming fucking match!! college in a couple of hours the joys. Heads thumping. Can't talk! 
what a mean boy 
What a miserable day...kinda glad I'm off and I don't have to go outside! But my only delivery options are Chinese or pizza 
What a morning already! I burnt my head today 
What a munch! Just ate at negril! What u know about a carribean omlette! How will I ever eat uk food again! 
what a naff wet morning  was planning a trip into town but don't know if I can be bothered now?
What a nice night. Obsessed is one of my favorite movies.  @Mr_1of1 I don't have twang kuz I'm pale  paaaaause lmfao
what a night! In A &amp; E til 5am after my friend got punched in the face and knocked out by a bloke!!!  going back to sleep now xx
what a night. 3 hours of 'sleep'. now i have to write an esssayyyy. cant wait  , ahh well love you gurrrlsss (L)
What a night. I partied it the hell up tonight. I'm finally starting to sober up. Now I think we are stranded in a parking deck. 
What a night. I'm gonna miss nashville so much 
what a night..  i thought everything will be olryt..
What a night.... Lost my voice again! 
What a nightmare of a morning. The battery went in my key fob for my car and I was stranded in town with a load of shopping 
What a nightmare...  lost the radio stream due to flood attacks on the streaming server   We are back up and kicking now.
What a nighttt..! Doing some homework, or at least tryin' to ;).. Itchy eye..! 
What a party last night!  Good old Emma comes up trumps with food and wine. shame the girl next door didn't show 
What a pathetic start to d day... 
what a rainy ending... you make me so bad. I think that the best is going to be ... forguetYOU.AND ALL THAT MAKES ME REMEMBER OF youboy. 
What a rainy fricking day 
What a rainy, cloudy day!  Oh well, sometimes i am more productive on days like these.. Any NeoCon visitors: check out VARIER #7-4123A
What a ridiculous time to be awake on ya day off 
What a ridiculously lazy Sunday. I don't wanna get up at 5:30 to work out. 
what a rotten week 
What a sad day it is when you realise that summer has finally left us! 
what a sad ending for Jon &amp; Kate. 
what a sad tragedy... im shit scared to fly now 
what a sad, depressing weekend it is turning out to be  
what a saddd movie 
what a shame! 
What a shitty 4:20 this year! No Luck, and no Fun! 
What a slow day on Twitter.  Someone post their boobs or something. I've got 5 more hours in the office 
What a slow hot lazy saturday afternoon 
What a Storm..  Walking Home In Thunder And Lightning.. Scary.. :S Ugh.. English Weather.. MAKE UP YOUR MIND!! Haha
what a sucky night. No money and no plans 
what a sucky saturday, 2 lessons in one day  i need ma rest !
What a super-sunny Saturday!  Too bad I have to work later.  
What a surprise the traffic is heavy! 
What a terrible day on the links couldn't hit the broadside of a barn  worst round in a month.  Good thing i had a lesson and we fixed it!
What a time for the school's website to be down. I want to register my CDS!! 
What a tiring job i have !! 
what a ugly day 
What a ugly day! @ home relaxing gotta work tomorrow 
what a waste of 42 quid 
What a waste of a lovely sunny day- planning this half term's science, this week's Literacy and writing school reports 
what a waste of a weekend, i hate doing family things nowadays dunno why. but i think the next few weekends are gonna be this way 
what a waste of time   I feel lousy.  Sexually unsatisfied and low energy.  In other words I'm feeling the same as usual.
What a way to start my break 
what a way to start the day...with a headache.... 
What a weather 
What a week so far, Jon leaves tomorrow for a week 
What a week! ..month of May has to get better than this! &quot;i wont stop&quot; *no comment, staying n my place &amp; doing job _got 1tmers on me ppl 
what a weekend  i've got a lot of clean-up to do.....
What a weekend ... Must study study now!  Boo!
What a weekend... I'm in a mood for vacation  Canary Islands I'm comiiiiing... next year 
what a weird and busy day. and i sound like a frog    my old voice has returned.
what a weird day. kinda sad   R.I.P. Phil
what a wonderful day. Sun is shining, what more could you ask? oh, Arsenal in the FA Cup final would be a start 
what a wonderful way to start the day...oh yeah...i have a test this morning...did i study? no...FML! 
What a yuckie day! 
What about 3.0 for iPod touch? 
what about me  @KChaney2
WHAT ABOUT ME ??  I VOTE EVERY DAY FOR YOU !!!!!
what about the european time?? hate it ... how is it possible ??? did i fall asleep?? 22:28 P.M. ??are u kidding me?? gotta sleep .. 
What after Twitter? @kellyfabulous69  ... betta see u this weekend and next twitter tues: .. http://tinyurl.com/nqw2zy
What am I doing up. It's far to early. I don't even have to be anywhere 
What am I doing you ask.... : Doing like I'm doing something, Confusing? yes, I know.... I'm confused too 
what am i doing?  - obviously not sleeping like i should be   stupid, stupid insomnia
what am i doing? literally nothing. i hate being sick  and i love to whinge
what am I doing?! I don´t like to say it....nothing 
What am I doing?? Ok,  studying english! my God!! I'm going to have the final test today! Good Lucky for me  (yn)
What am I going to do about my broken camera!? 
what am i going to do no LOST tonight,   will need to settle with House
what am i going to name my blog? My first and lastname were already taken 
What am I gonna do mi MSN isn't working? 
What am I not doing? Twittering correctly, apparantly. No one is following me. 
what am I supposed to do now? So fucking sad 
what am i supposed to do on a rainy friday night?? 
What am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're OK? 
What am I supposed to think, I just want to let it all out, but when I do, I'm afraid of people's opinion. I don't like that feeling. 
What am I thinkin' I have no luck... Bla 
What am I to do without my beloved IPOD? I feel lost 
what an adventure this weekend! so glad to be back tho. certain parts were a bit too much for me. i miss sleeping beside you already 
What an amazingly beautiful weekend... shame it all has to end. Not looking forward to 7 hours+ in the car tomorrow for meeting 
What an anticlimactic baseball day yesterday  
What an awesome day here, the hottest day of the year so far! And even hotter tomorrow!!!!!!! except I'm stuck in my office all day  
what an awful day .. got a lot of problems today .. n people seems like couldnt be a little friendly  sucks
What an awful night - but what a glorious day today, total blue sky.  Must enjoy tonday - back to work tomorrow 
what an evening yesterday...10PM to the vet  one of the guinea pig bled*wtf happend?* both feet...got 2 shots...*searching 4 reason*
what an eventless day soo far 
What an ugly day to go with an ugly feeling for me today 
what an ugly day, i hate rain 
What are all these people doing up in the middle of the night?  I have an excuse, work  Could use a Starbucks about now... #ccn
What are Fake Twitter Invites?  I'm afraid to click on tweet links. Can someone just explain in english? I don't want a worm 
what are people doin   im bored !!! lol
what are the chances of my waking up sans headache? not good? bollocks.    have i ever mentioned how much i like QUEEN? yeah, they rule
What are the odds of BRUNO releasing in India...? Close to none i guess... 
What are these outfits???!!!! What have I gotten myself into 
what are u having for breakfast?????? im starving! 
What are you supposed to think when someone called hornyhottie is following you?  
What are your iPod guilty pleasures...I just found sarah mclachlan and sinead o'connor on mine 
what at the toronto fc game yesterday not a bad game but they lost again 2-1 to la..... 
What awful news About David Carradine.. hung himself! 
What baby Michael did to my leg   http://mypict.me/5590
What beautiful weather were having today! Now whats a guy to do in all this snow and rain? Damn weather 
what can I do for them? 
what can i do if i cant forget ya  oh god this feeling is crazy and it is hurt, pain just pain lovely
what can I do, planning for leaving Paris almost done, it's just why I fall in love 
what can i do?!? i want to be free tomorrow 
what channel is it on arrrg cant find it 
WHAT CHANNEL IS MTV AWARDS ON? or isnt it on tele 
What club to take? Basketball,Badminton or Track?? can't decide yet 
what day is it today??  Saturday??  uguugghghghhghghg 1 more day and back to work i go!  kinda excited actally!!
What did Eric do to your mouse 
what did I do to deserve thiss, being stuck under a dryer that smells like pee in a hair salon?!? All I wanted was a new style! 
What did i do wrong? where did i go wrong??  
What did I do, I keep on losing followers 
what did I do? 
What did i get myself into? 
what did tell you? i am bored now and i cant go to sleep yet. its saturday and i have to go back to work 2nite, so no fun 4 me.    inside
What did the hot Jonas brother do to his hair 
What did to make me hurt me. What did to make u scared 
what did we do to deserve this?! what did we do?! 
What do I do now?? 
What do I do with myself in the meantime! Ehrrrrrrr!!!     
what do i do? 2 of my best friends are sad because of me. and i didn't mean to hurt or anything them. that makes me down. 
WHAT DO I DO???????????????????????????? 
what do i get 
What do I have to do right now? I think she knows. Yet I don't wanna know. There must b some way out. 
WHAT DO I WATCH! only you or talkin bout your generation  it’s choosing from sam milby and josh thomas.... http://tumblr.com/xig1xhrg8
what do u mean  u happy with him you dont need me i not good enough
What do you all think of my new b-cards? http://yfrog.com/5kju3ej (via @Bobbistarr) alright, but I don't think the pic does you justice 
What do you do when the one you love leaves? Im gonna miss corey  &lt;3
what do you do when u love someone more then they love you  why can't he see me anymore 
What do you do when you get the biggest (almost perfect) opportunity in hand but it's unattainable? 
Today's the anniversary of Columbine 
todays the day 
Todays the first day I've felt miserable in a while. 
Today's the last day of IT class! Whew~ I really did not like this professer @ all!!! 
Today's trip to Infuson : FAIL. No berry gelato.   Plain strawberry it is....
today's warm weather: gahhhhh 
todayy was a good dayy  veryy hot!! i only got burned thiough, lucky me  anywhoo, going to vote for the day on the teen choice awards
toddddayyyy is my birthday day!!! but i dont have anything to do 
toddler did not sleep well &amp; was in our bed from 1am hence tantrums galore &amp; no family day out 
Toddlers leg seems to have improved somewhat today, that's a relief.  Wish there was an easy answer to the terrible two's though... 
Toe still hurts a bit from being fumikomi'd on in Kendo today. Translation: My big toe got stomped on. Hard. 
Toffee crisp cookies = love but I feel sick so I can't eat them 
Tofu Bob :'( is in pain in the garage. dAmn the blue Honda Accord that hurt you baby 
what do you do when you hate who you have become  blah, i think i need to refresh and restart myself. i dont like being unhappy , night &lt;3
What do you do when you have absolutely zero self confidence? I can't revise properly, I just don't belive in myself 
What do you do when you have nothing to do? 
What do you do when your family is falling apart??? 
What do you do when you're 15 and are scared of the future? I don't know how to control my life or what to do with it... 
What do you eat when you're hungry but can't eat 
what do you get someone who already has everything they want for their 21st?  stupid e
what do you have to do when you should meet some one that you hate a lot and you need him a lot ??? confusing 
what do you know.. can't sleep... So I'm up again until I start to fall asleep I guess 
What do you mean its 11:30 and i only just woke up...! Oh cock.  
What do you people want from me  
what does a girl do if she doesn't have a dad on fathers day 
What does a man have to do to get a freaking graduate position? 
What does Banana Ice Cream, and oil paint solvent have in common? No not my cabnet, but BENZYL ACETATE! Yummy! Banana used to be my fav 
What does it take for talk shows to address a crippling disease which is being ignored by some Drs. and the CDC. Has a friend with Lyme 
what does micheal jackson do after he eats mcdicks.... surgery!! xD gonna miss socials class.. 
What else can go wrong now? Fell in the mud riding my bike on my way to apply for a job 
What ever happend to Saturday morning cartoons? Can't find any to fall asleep to 
what ever happened to frankie j? 
What ever happened to the 9-5 jobs? Now you go in early and leave late. 
What ever I do I just think the moment again and again and again. 
what exactly is the hills about? I'm so confused! 
what fail weather for Go Skateboarding Day 
toilets are blocked at work, I have to pee, badly 
tokio hotels new songs are a glorious pile of SHIT! Ive never been had such belief in something &amp; had it crushed by 25secs of music 
told her not to do it. its sad. more than sad. 
told him how i feel now I'm sad and confused 
told mom that my siblings might be thinking I don't take care of them as both mom &amp; dad have been in the ER in the past year. 
Told pilot hey smooth landing! Pilot says why thank you. Guy behind me says he didn't fess up plane was Airbus320, they have autoland. 
Told Verizon not to send anyone before 11. He showed up at 10. Gotta deal with this bullshit now, dunno how long I'll be offline. 
Told Voice Control on my 3GS to &quot;Clean the house&quot; and it responded with &quot;Calling Ian Marsh&quot; 
Toll House cookie dough has been recalled because of possible E. coli contamination.   Guess I should learn to beak from scratch.
Toll House cookie dough has been recalled because of possible E. coli contamination.  Guess I should learn to bake from scratch.
Toll House cookie dough recalled, linked to E. coli - http://bit.ly/evtmk #cnn Looks like I'll be sleeping alone tonight 
Toll: Firefox 3.5 wird von Google Adwords bestreikt 
tom has gorgeous teeth and after my conan fix, im going to dream about carls jr 
Tom is back in town 
Tom makes me feel sad when he tweet's stuff about shows going bad 
Tom Stade fucking rocks! its a same he aint on Twiiter 
what happen 2 emeniem in the mtv awards  not kwel,dude
What Happen with my  's Scroll !! 
what happend to the storm! i was waiting and nothing 
what happend to this great day its sunny now 
What happend with Deezer??? I'm starting to freaking out..all my playlist were delete..and it's like my profile is blank 
What happened 2 da party girl? I guess she jus came out 4 da winter...LOL she's sooooo not poppin right now 
What happened in Chile? Why Tom is sad? Tom sad, i can't imagine this, just imagine my heart burn up 
what happened to &lt;Default 'Reply to all,' by Mark K&gt; addon in #gmail #labs ?  http://tinyurl.com/3rh25b
What happened to Daryll Hannah?  http://bit.ly/L9AUd
What happened to ME???? Oh snap!!! 
What happened to my background picture? Somebody changed it without my permission. 
What happened to my lie in! Why are the kids up earlier today than they are for school during the week! Not chuffed I can tell you 
what happened to my ringtone! i gotta make it tomarroow then i guess 
what happened to my social life?   oh shit.....*sighs*
What happened to my twitter picture! I cannot download it! 
what happened to my updates  I don't even know what I said!
what happened to RIP sessions? 
What happened to Stravos??? 
What happened to the backstreet boys votes on the wall thingo ahhh.      KTBSPA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     Love them so much  #BSB
what happened to the Cavs? &amp; sorry 2 say the Magic doesnt stand a CHANCE with the lakers; sorry 
What happened to the Danny Zucko I met at the beach? 
What happened to the epic lightniioi show and rain? 
What happened to the funny, Weeds? 
what happened to the Lakers today 
What happened to the Nuggets  ?
What happened to the sky?   http://twitpic.com/7gnbp
what happened to the sun?  x3!
what happened to the swine flu being a trending topic?  so sad     #nerdprom
what happened to the thunder storms 
What happened to the weekend? I need it back! Work... 
What happened to the weekend? It went too fast 
what happened to twitpic?  I was gonna post pictures of the new red-eye but twitpic's gone all 502 Bad Gateway on me.  
what happened to you? no one gets me more upset than you do 
what happened with @cligs .  All my stats are wiped out!!  Are my links wiped, too?  I loved @cligs too.  
what happened with my the sims 3? fcuk 
What happened with my twitter? 
Tommorow is father's day... N im missin dad... Why do family break up? I miss u dad 
Tommorow some people are coming to look at our house. 
tommorow=out to eat w/ christina at Koi Restaurant before she leaves.everyones leaving me  I start shooting for my new movie next month!!
tommy 9th??? 
Tomoro have to list all the participants for the LC -09 Bangalore  Have a lot of work...
tomorow back to school 
tomorow biology test!  i must learn!
tomorrow (actually it is tomorrow already) will be a sad day - another father's day without my dad to celebrate it with... 
Tomorrow = day off! Plans? Sleep in, beach, WoW, housework, and then to bed early because I open at 5:30am on Tuesday 
Tomorrow = epicly depressing. :/ Seniors 09.    You guys will be deeply missed.   
tomorrow are science and civic! Science : Chemistry, Physics and Biology..  I have to study harder and harder...
tomorrow baby will be 16 months old! they grow up so fast 
Tomorrow could kill me, and i am not kidding 
Tomorrow darryn has a primary fun day   she begged me to stay home so I could watch her...but I can't 
tomorrow exam  not confident enough 
tomorrow fathers days 
tomorrow final exam in english 
tomorrow finish!!!  :S XD ........
tomorrow fucking school again.. -.- sooooooo afraid because of the exams 
what have i been missing twit family! i been missing out on yall lives all day 
What horrible weather I suppose I'll have to spend the day in the garden 
what hot one! Temp @ work 101!!!! 
What hurts the most is being so close ... and watching u walk away 
what i ate today- hot choc (45cals) &amp; i b/p 100g hot chips (120cals), i dont think i got all the chips up tho  day total- 165cals, not bad
What i do! I do got a computer! But the sound is broke... Im a little sad, i dont got any good cam 
What I don't appreciate is Nick@Nite giving &quot;The Nanny&quot; a slot &amp; interupting my Fresh Prince of Belair time  Tryna knock..church n the am
what I don't get is The Guardian has thousands of twitter followers but I seem to be the only one standing up for twitter. Lonely 
what i don't like about burgers is that when i eat them, the things just kept on falling and falling from the bun. so i can't enjoy it. 
What I don't like is being underappreciated for my technological genius, compared to certain older siblings. 
What i hate about my phone is that it keeps freezing on me 
What I MEANT to do was something clever using the lyrics from This Town but it FAILED by sending before I was done. 
What i meant was 
What I meant was, Angels &amp; Demons = two thumbs up. Zensify &amp; ampersand = 
What I really should be doing is my essay - due in on wed - but its sooooo boring 
What I was really going to miss was all the material things OH NO    ... don't take away my shopping sprees lol...
What I was trying to sayy was - English Exam 2morro 
What I will do to avoid the clean up - need to dump my job  get back to an orderly life 
What I would do for a couple shots of whiskey right now.  I bet that would cure my sore throat. 
Tomorrow i find out how i did on the state test! Im so stressed! 
TOMORROW I get back to working out hard and eating only what is needed to survive. Lost all my cash 
Tomorrow i go to work in proxi pfff it's so bad! I hate that! but i start at 9:00 and i finish at 17:30! 
Tomorrow I have a meeting at 9.30AM and then teaching/office hour, doing @archiehamilton 's indie show, literately non-stop till 11pm 
tomorrow i have school aargh! boriing. 
tomorrow i have the math quiz 
Tomorrow I have to go back to home..  But I like it so much over here!! I wanna live here the whole week, and in the weekend in R'dam. ;D
tomorrow i need to be slimmed down  no more hot cheeto puffs 
tomorrow i shall be leaving birmingham for the summer 
Tomorrow iAchieve would be 2 weeks in review - new record! 
Tomorrow I'll update my iPhone 3G to 3.0. iPod already done. Need Jailbreak 
tomorrow im going back to school 
Tomorrow is a big day and I wont get to sleep enough 
Tomorrow is a big day. I will not be home until monday. I repeat, It is unlikely that I will be near a computer at all tomorrow!!! 
tomorrow is a pep rally 
What If do Darin é tão triste 
What if he had nightmares while I was gone??  the babies are both back asleep now, but I'm distressed over whatever just happened with him
What if I just clocked out, drove home, and went to bed? How much trouble could I REALLY be in for doing that? Mnn.. not trying. 
what if your egg hatches and no it's not a squirtle with Flamethrower but a goddamned weepinbell with Wrap and Sleep Powder reaaal useful 
What I'm doing right now is so not fun. 
What in the shit. Where did my Saturday go???? 
What is &quot;Trending Topic?&quot; Twitter is confusing. 
What is common between Chidambaram and George Bush  http://news.oneindia.in/2009/04/07/sikh-journalist-hurls-shoe-at-p-chidambaram.html
What is everyone doing? I was listening to the Tonys, then I lost interest, Constantin messed up my song! 
What is everyone out in Twitter land up to tonight? Its Sat and im stuck at home  http://bit.ly/Kb3Kz
what is going on w/ the twitpics? can't see any of them 
What is going on with #barclays ATMs and Online banking down all afternoon. Not a good day to be one of their customers 
What is going on with @Twitter???!!!  I thought the problem was fixed. 
What is going on with my phone? It won't connect to the internet at all.  I feel so disconnected.
what is going on with my skin 
What is going onnn in Hollywood. Highland is backed up  I just need pants for work tomorrow
What is happening in Yorkshire? Looks like BNP have got a seat  #eu09
what is happening to me?  i dont like this bethany at all...
What is it about mall shopping that makes my feet kill?  
What is it about thrift shops that excites me? Perhaps the thrill of cheap purchases or the occasional hidden gem. No comics, though. 
What is it now, 3 yrs? Valenti World Ver  Gnite.
what is it with me? NZ holiday was supposed to make me feel refreshed! all i wanna do is go back 
what is it with these bs blogger fights for pageviews? when will readers learn to leave said blog for these bs games 
Tomorrow is another working day!!!! 
Tomorrow is celebrity day. I was going to be taylor swift. A dress and cowboy boots. But i have a field trip 
Tomorrow is chemistry 
Tomorrow is going to be a miserable day at work... 
Tomorrow is going to be the coldest day in the year!! I'm afraid!!! I don't have any cap, going to buy one with mom after I work!! 
Tomorrow is going to be tough  
Tomorrow is going to FLY by   I don't think I'm ready to leave yet....my favorite boots are broken (((((((((((x9
tomorrow is gonna be ggreeaat!! uhuu!.. but in the same time all school is gonna be cry!.. including me  i gonna miss everyone!
Tomorrow is gonna be kinda hard to get through. I really miss my dad 
tomorrow is June and a half of 2009 is gonna come 
Tomorrow is might be the day I say good bye to my bike.  One more ride in the a.m. to say &quot;See ya&quot; 
Tomorrow is my last day at camp.  Time flew by so fast!!!!!!! Well for now its goodnight ;) XoXo BIG KISS *Riss
tomorrow is my last day of class with ms woo. im gonna miss it... 
tomorrow is my last day with jaime 
tomorrow is my parents anniversary 
Tomorrow is my sister's birthday. All her bull people friends are going to be there. 
tomorrow is not going to be a happy day. my friends are leaving me for 3 WEEKS!!!  and I am going to miss youth and maybe church - dads 
Tomorrow is not gonna be a good day either 
tomorrow is school again 
Tomorrow is the big day for Luke!!! I wonder if he will be act different... kind of sad to take his manhood away!! 
What is it with this rainy season?  http://idek.net/Fyx  
What is not to hate about LA traffic! Seriously 
what is some new music i should listen to  sooo boooored
what is the best way to keep animals out of the garden without a fence?  I really need suggestions? the bunnies are having a hayday 
what is the difference between  mitosis and meiosis?! gonna fail tomorrow 
What is the latest version of Microsoft Money UK Edition? Looks like it's not been updated for a few years! 
What is the meaning of love   pushing the one ya love aside just cause you busy . . .  I going crazy here . Fuckin sick this shit
what is the need for the million flies this summer 
What is the point of airing Charter Cable commercials , when I all ready have Charter 
what is the simplest / best way to manage performance? The more we look at it the more rules get added 
What is the success rate of trying to recover images from a Sony memory stick when it says 'file error' ? Egypt photos in jeopardy! 
what is there to do at 12am in a city across the country from all the ppl u know..same thing there is during the day. not a damn thing 
what is there to do in tucson arizona on a saturday night?...... NOTHING 
What is there to do??? OH. I forgot. There's nothing to do here. Sigh. Back to sitting on my buttt all day 
What is this @Tweetie? The glossy chat bubbles look out of place... BIG TIME, especially the RED one  http://twitpic.com/4yowv
what is this awkward moment between old friends? 
WHAT IS THIS CRAP THERE IS ALSO NO GERMAN GUILTY ONES? 
what is this damn noise i keep hearing 
what is this i haven't been on since september and don't know how to work it 
WhAt iS tHis iM in onE oF the MOst gHetto if not the GHettoEST sTorE evEr. Cant wAIt to geT hoMe.   &lt;3KisS mY SaSS (as In SaSsy)&lt;3
What is this like number 8 tonight? I'm so sick of getting in my own way.  ..tracksterrr
What is this nudging business? The skull is a complicated hunk of bone 
What is this shit, the registration worked 10 minutes ago and now it's doing nothing but tossing various error messages around. 
What is this sunshine and heat that people are speaking of? 
what is this total absence of s/w documentation crap???   its not written to be  THAT innately useable. 
What is this, &quot;Hate on Bonnie Day&quot;?! C'mon, friends! 
What is up to all my st.louis friends 2day?they r busy n dont have time to hang out with me  im just glad that edward is keeping me c ...
Tomorrow is the funeral  I dread this day
tomorrow is the hell. bio and math. math is okay. dang BIOLOGY! 
tomorrow is the last day I can &quot;see&quot; @Marii_annaax  
Tomorrow is the last day of my childhood. High school as we know it is over ladies. 
Tomorrow is the last day of school. I will................cry 
tomorrow is the last day of school...  i gonna miss my friends so much!!!!
tomorrow is the last day.. THANKGOD. and then i just have to do my exams - study study study 
tomorrow is the start of the classes...june 8, 2009... our 2 month vacation is OVER... 
tomorrow is very soon Nooooo 
Tomorrow its going home. It's so sad 
tomorrow marks 6 years, time flies. damn. 
tomorrow my holidays will end  :'( and school begins    oh thats so stupid
tomorrow na ung start ng 3-day retreat sa Tgyty?! i think i'd rather like to stay home this weekend and sleep all i want. srsly.. 
tomorrow school again 
tomorrow school again e.e 
Tomorrow school!!! it sucks 
What is up with this weather...I was soo used to the sunny CO, not the rainy 
What is with me and hitting/close calls when driving? but more importantly: rest in peace big moose. my heart hurts for you &amp; ur family. 
What is with me making ming drinks lately ?, I added way to much hot water to hot chocolate there and its was all horrid and watery 
what is with the June gloom outside? cold and gray = 
what is with the new kleenex ad's? BRING BACK THE DUCKLING ...and the song 
what is with this headache  ouch.
What is with this super fancy Sheraton charging for Internet access? 11 dollars to 11am! Not even a 24 hour connect. 
WHAT IS WRONG TODAAAAAAAAAAAY?! 
What is wrong with me honestly? Now even the birds are awake. I'm trying so hard to focus on sleeping, yet I'm failing miserably. 
What is wrong with me...I can hardly stay awake... 
what is wrong with my twitter..sum thang aint right.. 
What is wrong with the feed???? This sucks. 
what is wrong with the new moon werewolf... why do all werewolves must be this crappy.. 
what is wrong with the oven 
what is wrong with the world?!?!?!?!  TIGERS TILL I DIE !
What is wrong with you today @StellaBellaButt? 
what it was on there  then he said study for cells and they werent on there :@ ha, how did everyone else thing they went today?
What I've been dreading the most has arrived..hair cut time 
what just happened on MTV....why would they do that 2 eminem....? That was dead wrong!   
what kind of animal was it?? hopefully not a kids pet  @investigatordon
what kind of boyfriend ignores you this much? 
What kind of company has a store meeting at 7am on a sunday morning?! Oh yea the one I work for. Blah! Need to be up in 4.5 hours 
what kind of doctor tells you that you have a virus and sends you back to work?? military doctors SUCK! 
What kind of Doctors surgery closes between the hours of 12:30pm and 2:30pm 
what like 2 be resting...tummy hurts 
what lovely rainy, grey cold weather we have today 
What lovley things we can discover in life...no 
WHAT MOVIE SHOULD I RENT ON ITUNES??? PLEASE TELL ME....ITS SUMMER.IM BORED.AND I AM NOT GOING TO BED @ 10:30 I NTHE SUMMER!!! 
What next! Would you like help? @paperclippy is here to save the day 
what no sunshine 
what people are missing in club.  luck bastards haha http://short.to/4tph
What shall I do with my haaaaair 
what shall i drink during the game?: Stella, Molson Export, LaBatts, or Heineken? No Yuengling in KY 
what shall i wear tonight? i have no idea... and what shall i wear on tuesday? at the concert... !!  any ideas?
what shood i wear 
what should be for lunch today? i'm tired of panera. tired of sandwiches (OH NOES)... 
what should I buy to replace my broken 5D ?  2x 5D Mark II or 1x 1Ds Mark III ? can't decide 
what should I do now that China blocks Gmail? I CAN'T live without Gmail! 
What should i do now, shit what can I do really??? Plotting like shit.... honestly less then hopeful to say the least 
What should I do to make this damn feeling go away?? It doesn't even worth it. Let me forget it, please ya Allah  http://myloc.me/5crq
What should I do today? I think I'll ride to the shops and get a smoothie then walk my dog.. What a boring day! 
What should I do today? It's not a good beach day 
What should I do tonight? Cinema plans are cancelled  I guess watching Eagle vs Shark is in order. Thanks to phil for lending!!
What should i do? - i got belly aches!!! - 
What should I get pops 4 Fathers Day? Suggestions? Its really hard 2 get stuff 4 peope who have everything or can buy whatever they want 
What shud I eat then? I don't have any brownies 
what sucky weather we're having 
tomorrow should be fun..gym...relax...will &amp; grace time....date...home....sleep...wake for work 
tomorrow starts a new school week 
tomorrow starts school again, 2 weeks holidays are over 
Tomorrow the Mom's Day!!, I know what to do for her! :] , My dad can help with with that!. I have to do homeworks  too 
tomorrow THE PROPOSAL. finally &lt;3 but without mariann  i hope everything's okay
Tomorrow their coming over but not the kid across the street  But oh well Im hyped!
Tomorrow we will go shopping YESH! hope the weather will be a lil bit clearer.. so I can see where I'm walking. miss you guys too 
Tomorrow will be a long day. 
tomorrow will be a very loaded schedule! huhuhu... 
tomorrow will be another long day at school 
tomorrow will be brutal.  why  its a cold and broken hallelujah
tomorrow will be one month since my mom died. i miss her sooo much 
Tomorrow will be the day that I finally tackle my FB email. If you have sent me a msg on FB and I haven't responded, I'm sorry. 
tomorrow will be the end of the week, but only the begining of the exams... Uhhh 
Tomorrow will be the worst day of school. Followed by the next. Love life :/ obviously. 
tomorrow will fade faster than it's anticipation 
tomorrow will not be as awesome as it should be.... not at all 
Tomorrow would have been my friend's birthday 
Tomorrow, 11pm: driving to Berlin; Thursday, 4am: flying over to Turkey...exiteeeeeeed although I'm a sad 'cause I'll miss The Chicks 
Tomorrow, my iPhone will be away from me again, 
Tomorrow, the fist day of Final test   OMGEEeeeee I'm sick now  huhuhu  Gotta go to bed early although I haven't study much 
tomorrow, when i wake up, its going to be the first mothers day w/o my momma.  make sure to show appreciation to your moms. gooooodnight.
what tha facckk why are my tweets deleting themselves? i hate my twitter 
what the actual hell, i'm still ill  ffs. rehearsal was good today!
What the f**k wrong with my twitter avatar  I tried to change the picture and now it'd f***ked up.Hope they will fix this problem soon.
what the f**king world! 
What the frickin frack?! I'm too old to vote for the teen choice awards..no seriously it won't let me  *runs off to lie about age*
what the fuck am i really doing???    
What the fuck is going on Port  #AFL
What the fuck with Proximus !!! 
what the fuck...ahaha i hate my life sometimes. why reply on only bad things  ..even if it wasn't bad and i was kidding but whatever! fml
WHAT THE FUCK? 
what the fuck? like why me? guess im bad luck? 
What the fuck? Thanks, a lot. 
WHAT THE FUCKKKK, why r random people all the sudden following me, im kinda creeped out 
What the fudge is up with the 700kb limit for pictures? None of my pictue my pictures are even nearly that small....so i remain an owl 
What the Heck i dont deserve this crap 
What the heck is going on with twitter the last few days? Slow, bad gateways, time outs, error messages, eaten tweets. 
what the heck is wong with eradioportal?!? 
WHAT THE HECK JUST HAPPENED ON SVU!!!!! I'm sad 
what the heck was that?! 
what the heck!? huhu  i'm on allergy!! huhu.. 
What the heck.?  FB, &quot;You can only be in one regional network at a time.&quot; It kicked me out of the Miami network. 
What the heck? If u look in the dictionary right under the word SKANK is the name Camilla belle!! She's two timing him GRODY 
What the heck? My cavalade is gone! 
what the heck?! they just did an accapella of the future love chorus  w/e. meet and greet time!!
what the hel did i do!?!??!  karma sucks and apparently i'm a REALLY shitty person
What the hell am I gonna do  now... lol GET a JOB     FUCK!!!!
What the hell do you need to hammer in your apartment?!?!? I was sleeping soooooooo good too. Bastards upstairs. 
What the hell happen to people?  Nobody's online! That's super sad 
What the hell happened to my picture? 
what the hell is cryptography????? 
WHAT the hell is going on! is NKOTB NOT coming to Australia now 
what the hell is happening in the formula 1 damnnnnnn.... and what now??? 
what the hell is that MILF Money BULLSHIT. WOW FOR SOMEONE WHO LIKES ME YOU'RE A GOOD DAMN LIAR  FUCKING SICK
what the hell is up with facebook? why is it being so feckin annoying? is it me? have i done something to upset it/him/her/them? boo hoo  
tomorrow... hollidays yay! too bad i will not tweet 
Tomorrow's finally Friday! I can sleep longer this weekend, but the requirements are starting to pile up again. 
Tomorrow's finals: Precalc &amp; orchestra. I wish I had enough memory space in my brain to memorize the formulas 
Tomorrow's going to be hell... 5 tests to make up, two projects I'm a weekend beheind on &amp; a lab report due Wednesday. I need a hug 
tomorrow's laundry day. 
tomorrows mother's day and i still have NO clue wat to get my mommy  she deserves something...im gonna feel HORRIBLE!
tomorrow's my last dayyyy 
tomorrow's not a late start monday 
tomorrow's outcome isnt looking good kids 
Tomorrow's project: work with some ephedra powder. Yikes! Gonna have to wear a particulate mask. 
Tomorrows the last day of spring break  it went by to fast!
Tomorrows the last day.. Noo... 
Tomorrows the last Monday of school       [not]
tomorrows the sevententh 
tomorrow's weekend but for me i have to work and gonna be busy day,,hiks..hiks.. 
tomorrow's working again 
toms moving back to arran tomorrow  gay.
Tongue is a lot better this morning. No more lollies for a while. 
tonight  was designed to BREAK me...and it worked   
tonight b-day party of a friend and i´m feeling not good!  let´s see what i will do for it and what the evening brings!
Tonight could be bron brons could go home  im of course praying for the miricle...Cavs plz step up and help lebron play!!!
Tonight could have been so much better, but sadly, its not 
Tonight feels like a Tylenol PM night. The only problem is you never know how I'm going to react to Tylenol PM 
tonight has been stressful 
tonight i apologise to all my followers - i cannot form sentences or spell correctly 
tonight I have to head back to California, away from the woman I love so much. Memories will have to tide me over until I'm here again 
Tonight I will be able to sleep under my sheets  As opposed to on top of them covered in a layer of sweat 
Tonight is a sad, sad night. 
TONIGHT IS GAY SO FAR!  I hate it
Tonight is Jay Leno&quot;s  last night !!!!!!  I &lt;3 love U Jay !!!!
Tonight is probably the funniest BB episode so far this year! Halfwit ruined it with the whole 'I know its a prank' thing, though.  #bb10
tonight is the LAST crave of the summer  but excited to be singing with SAL again!!!
Tonight is the last Japanese class. I've been enjoying them, but I don't think I can make myself walk there in the cold 
Tonight is the last Jay Leno late nigt show 
Tonight is the Placebo concert..and i'm not going  I guess i'll console myself thinking that the new album is their weakest. But still...
tonight seems to be a repeat of last night...this sucks...no-one to talk to 
Tonight show was amazing (L) thanks to everyone yet again. Last show tomorrow night  got tomorrow afternoon though! X
Tonight sucks!!!!!! Best friend gets mad on me 
Tonight the kids are outta my bed!!! 659am and i still hjaven't been to sleep little shits my  back is killin me 
Tonight the last night of Jay Leno!!!  am gonna cry like a baby!!
Tonight was amazingly fun. Poor cav's 
tonight was deffinitely a good night ^__^ other than my fishy dying  but I can't wait for Saturday ! :]&lt;3
tonight was fail 
Tonight was fun. I am realy sunburnt from the lake today and it hurts.  starting to pack for camp.
tonight was no fun and super lame. waste of time and stupid bars/alcohol. i wish that there were cute, nice guys to party with....but no. 
Tonight was so Beyond Busted. I Feel Like Crapp &amp; Am really thinking about the people i surround myself with. Building Up these Walls. =/ 
Tonight, I learned the real meaning of nostalgia 
Tonight, I miss you LA.. 
Tonight.....my heart is a little broken so it needs a little TLC it's ben a rough night  
Tonight: 8:30 Improvise Your Own Adventure, and 10:30: Cast Member @erined's final Theatresports!   Don't miss it!
Tonight: I'll be showing the Palm Pre on the Daily Show...wait, no, I'll just be a sap in the audience 
tonights a great night for sports. the yanks and lakers are both playing. i want to watch the games but im still scared to drink. 
Tonights bed ..  http://twitpic.com/6fdri
tonight's Dispatches about Burma's orphans is just heartbreaking 
Tonights episode of house was sad  I can't believe he left the show! I can't stay awake anymore I'm mad tired. Had a long day. Sleep time!
Tonights floppped 
tonights lame.. Watching lifetime at tiffs house. Not in a very good mood 
Tonight's me &amp; Vin's last night in our first home together.  It's kinda sad  I'm gonna go to bed &amp; take a mental shot of this place.
tonight's the last night with my bed mattress. gonna miss it real bad!!   
Tonight's the night. Moo Shu and Dumpling are getting adopted by Jess' parents. Long story, but they'll have a happier life in suburbia. 
tonight's trivia name: sgt. specter's creepy mugshot club band. too bad trivia is canceled for the entire summer. 
tonnsils are comin out on july 15th! gota recover for 10 days after tho 
tons of dumb cop shows and the cancel the one cool one?   #theunusuals
Tons of problems downloading os 3.0  had to restore iphone hopefully i didnt loose anything.
Tons of rain this June!  We haven't had such a wet spring in several years. Lots of thunder too .. Luce doesn't like that 
tons of works to be done again 
tonsillitis again 
Tonsillitis sucks.....  i feel gross
Tonsils feels like someone throatfucked me with a barbed wire mop handle. Beer has not been sufficient a painkiller 
Tonsils the size of golf balls, sweating and burning up yet still shivering, headache, too weak to stand up = funfunfun 
Tony Awards 2nite... too bad i don't have CBS here... 
Tony Awards, then going out! Spring Awakening magic is over...  Back to reality and Godspell rehearsals!
tony just left  had a great day. it always is with him. going up there either friday or monday.   have that fuzzy feeling, i'm gay lol.
tony we had on here in Istanbul yesterday too My wife felt it but I didn't  strange but I miss them @tonyhawk earthquake!
Tony went back to degrassi.... 
Tonya just took a flight to st. petersburg. Now I have to hold on for 5-6 weeks alone 
Tonya's grad party then work.....home around 10:30 
Tony's tonight!  Too bad I have no gays close...just not the same. 
Too add to the fun and excitement, the only Wi-Fi in SEA that I can connect with is ATT prepaid  http://myloc.me/2hA6
Too addicted to FFXI, I forgot I had twitter 
Too addicted to soy milk. 
Too bad @pamshouseblend had flight issues       #bwb
Too bad Andy lost the big game 
Too bad everyday can't be a Follow Friday...what are we supposed to do on Saturdays?  
too bad he lives in californiaaa 
Too bad i am not from Thailand. I would open a restaurant in Fulda Germany right now. Going to eat american then. Hello Mc Donald's 
Too bad I don't give out my number anymore could of had a cutie 
Too bad I don't know how to do a crying smiley 
too bad i have to starve myself for the rest of the month 
too bad I missed the Amster Gold Race today... it pretty much goes through my street in the Netherlands 
Too bad I paid 5 bucks for TwitterFon Pro 
too bad i wasn't out there with em chasing  
too bad it doesn't have them all... 
too bad it had to end though  sigh
too bad it's a rainy friday 
too bad it's all gone now 
Too bad Last.fm isnt free in Portugal 
too bad need to get a charger for it 
Too bad nobody USES Yahoo anymore  Yahoo Supports Even More Structured Data In SearchMonkey http://bit.ly/c84pf
Too bad Paul is sick  wanted to enjoy Honolulu with him
Too bad the Red Devils.. disappointing to say the least   
Too bad the tickets were a little bit too expensive for me 
Too bad- the U.S. loses in the first game of the Confederations Cup to Italy (1 goals to 3).  Freddy Adu didn't even play!  
too bad they're already cold... 
Too bad today isn't Ben and Jerry's free cone day.  #awaresg
Too bad you cant see my background  Its Taylor Lautner (sexy wolf teen from twilight) lol
too bad, I wanted to finish it tonight 
Too bad, Pakistan Women's Cricket Team is out of the #T20 World Cup tournament.. 
Too bored to go to school. Damn I miss going to AdU 
Too bored to study  Killing time in the web...
Too broke for cigarettes. 
too busy...radios going down - booo 
Too close for my liking 
too cold and tired to write good twitter. everyone was obeying the cops tonight, total dissappointment. we were so close 
Too cold to get out of bed this morning  brrrrrr
too cool for school....but im going anyway 
Too damn hot in the flat even with the windows open been awake since 3.30 am  Going for a walk
too early  I need more sleep
too early  night xx
too early  school, yay. being 100% sarcastic. needs her true friends .. yeahh
too early in the morning for wine to help me  
Too early to tell what's happening  Have to go back in two weeks to get a definitive answer. Thank you for all your kind words.
TOO EARLY! And boo its Monday 
too early... need to be in glasgow for 11.  far too early for lunch..... want to sssllleeeeeeppp!
too exhausted to function and cannot wait for all of this to be over 
too far to set back... 
too full to finish noodles. oh noes 
Too head-coldy to go hiking today.  Heating up soup. Then I'll work for a couple of hours.
too hot and im stuck inside 
Too hot and potentially stormy for our planned and anticipated family outing to ValleyFair today.  Now we have to wait til August 
too hot in my room 
too hot not to have the window open... too much pollen-related sneezing if it is 
Too hot outside and I already have a temp.  It's a no go for tonight. 
Too hot though 
Too hot to be going work 
too hot to do anything. going to be unbearably hot at worl tonight 
Too hot to have a short nap!!!!  The high  temperature here is killing us 
too hot to have any chance of sleep 
Too hot to play outside this afternoon  what to do? What to do?!?
too hot to sleep!!! If I  leave open the window moths will fly in and attack me in my sleep..bad times 
Too hot to wear clothes 
Too hot! Can't sleep 
too hot, and the coke machine is out of coke 
too hot.... scratchy throat turning into sickness.... 
Too hungover from brilliant night to study  Exam in the morning!
Too hungry to fall asleep but it hurts too much to eat! 
too inspired to sleep, but 5AM sunday shift calls  i guess i'll just put imagery to my dreams while im at it ;) gnite
too late @hgharrygo  i'm chewing choccies now. pray for me!!
Too late for guitar..awh man  Theres always tomorrow!  Hush-Automatic Love Letter &lt;3
Too late to buy wine. 
Too late.  
too lazy to work but will have to. 
Too little memory. 
too many assignments too little time 
Too many boundaries coming in here  #T20
too many dead bunnies  bye bye bunny.
too many decisions today! coast or hoodriver, but I have things in town i have to do. 
Too many dejavu for this morning 
Too many emails!!! Calgon take me away! Where can I put my videos, guys? Too sexy for YouTube  http://short.to/ghgy
too many exams 
too many fake account here... 
too many fake of RIHANNA on twitter  i hate them  that's ok for her fan's tweet 
too many good shows coming up and no money to buy tickets. fmfl. brand new at the troub? 
too many interfaces to manage, hard to keep twiting when u dont have a blackberry 
too many issues with adobe audition and windows 7. had to go back to windows xp 
too many jellybabies  or is there such a thing as too many? my stomach hates me right now
Too many jump shots. 
too many peanut butter m &amp; ms no good  lol
too many people from syosset die 
Too many sad tweets about missing fathers.  Hugs to you all. I don't know my biological father, he took off around age 2.
TOO MANY SCHOOLWORK! I don't know if I'll survive high school. 
Too many shots in my mouth this morning. Four is too much too handle once the numbness goes away. 
Too many things to do, too little time.  atm, goodnight world!!!
Too many works. Missing sum1 so so special 
Too much alcohol 
too much bad news going on this year. next year im bringing the good news into action! ready @PatronPay? so sorry for your loss baby 
too much beach, too little of no homework not done. urg. 
Too much booze tonight. u know what? I really miss la la loo. Like seriously. I haven't seen her since jan 08. That makes me a sad panda 
too much coffee 
Too much coffee. Made 6 cups worth. all gone 
too much cool stuff to buy! not enough $$  #supercon
too much dairy today, can't have ice cream 
too much dominoes 
Too much eat.. *blergh.. 
Too much expressooooo my stomach hurts  must go to see jimmy today I haven't been there for a week!
too much food I think for today . arghhh , obesitas nii lama2x 
too much going on in my head can't sleep 
Too much has happend; I know I'll always forgive but I will never forget. Hurt 
too much hwk 
Too much ice cream 
too much ice cream! 
Too much ice cream...not feeling well  #fb
Too much internet. How it plagues me 
too much manohara!!! 
too much on mah mind, cants sleeeeeeeep 
too much on my mind atm to be bothered to study 
too much on my mind to take a nap 
Too much pain 
Too much pancakes 
too much party and too many beers yesterday night  but mixtape went well so far 
Too much pie.  Now my tummy hurts.. 
too much pollen 
Too much salad....tummy hurts now 
Too much shit days, I dont know what to think anymore  I should just do what I'm best at. Okay, bye.
too much southpark, too little time. 
too much sun yesterday...i think im getting sick...my body is sore and achey 
too much sunburn 
Too much to do and not nearly enough time in the day...so I guess I get to work through the next 2 nights too 
Too much to do at work - can't motivate myself 
Too much to do today, not enough time 
Too much to do! Had to back out of a night with friends. 
Too much tweeting and FB'ing= dead battery 
too much V aint good 4 u 
Too much water. Gonna be sick. ... But still thirsty. 
too much whiskey &amp; coca cola means i'm not sleeping any time soon. 
too much wiiiine 
too much work 
too much work :x 
Too much work for one day....and a hard meeting still to go 
Too nice a day to be cooped up at work  need to devise an intricately woven escape plan !
Too nice of a day to have to work. 
too nice out to be working 
