Ahh I'm so confused  what can I do? I don't wanna run away but can I really handle a real relationship? What is love anyways.. False hope!
ahh internet is being such a bitch 
Ahh it keeps raining! I guess cos it's june already. 
ahh it saddens me to have to give like half my pay to dad  rich then back to being skintooooo. oh well it's for a good cause! holiday!! 
Ahh its over  lol Jonas Concert Soo Good, by far the best i've EVER been to! JoBros Demi and Mcfly &amp; Big Rob Well Done, your amazing.
ahh its raining  I want the summer weather!!
ahh its upgrading again  i bet it comes back up just when i need to leave
Ahh ive too much drama in my life !!! I REALLY REALLY dont want ti go back to school on Monday !!    im gonna go to sleep now its 12:30
ahh Jered!!!  come on babyyyy!
ahh Juicy fruit gum lose their flavour sooo quickly 
ahh just got home, holy it's cold outside 
Ahh just had a glorious drive through the surrey hills (how pretentious does that sound) with the windows wound down. Back to Leeds later 
ahh just went to talk to arron on msn and he had gone nooo 
ahh last ever guitar lesson  i might actually have to go in next Thursday tbh
ahh little shop of horrors in my head.  like ALL the songs off it
ahh ma boss said , u gotta work this weekend 
Ahh mah tummy hurts  i think i ate too much, i had cornbeef and rice beeteedubs xD
Ahh man  Back 2 Work 2morrow!! DEF. Gonna Miss My Lil Man... G'nite To My Few Twiggas lol
ahh man, my mobile battery was dead from like 10am and I was out ALL day.. i felt like it was 1996 my pre phone days 
ahh monday, thou art a heartless bitch. I want to sleep 
Ahh my boobs dont fit in my swim suit anymore.  Going to he beach
Ahh my phone is so glitchy now  gunna have to buy a new one soon
ahh my spanish teacher just sent me a corrected version of my oral. now i have a week to learn it  im so scared bout next week
AHH NO!!! Kate lost   and AWWWWWW bye bye margret miss you and kate you rock
Ahh nothing just remembering stuff that happened in here 
Ahh now to start the RL-grind.  My wrist is playing me up today so this should be fun, and I've lost my support for it 
Ahh off work.16 hour day tomarrow  Should get some sleep but might see what Benji or JennJenn are doing.
Ahh old creepy wooden houses. So old and creaky 
AHh omg mcfly and jonas in the one show :O what a night that would have been  gutted i didnt go :O
Ahh poo...I gotta work tomorrow  But I guess Target would fall apart without me lol
Ahh really bad typo's .. proves ive completely lost it now 
Ahh really dont want to go to skl tomorrow 
ahh runtime error again 
Ahh SATs make me sick  Grad party time...
ahh some tofu with lindsay... and now cuddlin with my potato baby... too bad that $126 late rent fee is sitting over my shoulder 
ahh sore throat and tired. want to go back to bed. but have work 
ahh sozzie my comp keeps freezing 
ahh stress headachee  xx
ahh stuffit just expand the sims  it just keeps getting stuck at the last bit
ahh stupid peter pan. its scaryyy 
ahh summer mornings..nice..sunny..hot..a little too hot..humid..sweaty..uncomfortable..i miss winter 
ahh sunburn kills  i dont want to play soccer.
Ahh Sunday dinner, steak with all the trimmings me thinks..., back to fruit and veg tomorrow 
Ahh taco salad.. Talk about bomb ass dinner.. I really wanna see my tia estella for some reason.. 
ahh the boy in the striped pyjamas is so sad 
ahh todays a big day! Good news: I'll be soon free! Bad news: I'm taking an exam and know nothing!! 
AHH Watching 'Into the Wild' AHhhh AHHHH.  
ahh watching the real housewives of nj! it's ending 
Ahh weekend but work is not over  ....
Ahh what a long day today.. Game was good... Now I'm about to knock out with this huge headache!!! 
ahh what a waste of time! going to the metro centre later for yet more rummaging 
ahh what does it mean when there is a giant spider in my sink??? ahhh!  help meee
ahh why didn't i look on ebay for mini united tickets earlier?!! i really wanna go but ï¿½40 for a few hrs is way 2 much 
ahh working all day and night 
ahh working all dy and was so quiet, then had to go watch the guid neighbous parade, so tired and my feet are sore 
AHH! Don't think I'm going to be able to finish all my photos, got 5 minutes before I gotta log off 
Ahh! going into 5th year, time is going by so quick! No more having fun at school, only intense higher work from now on 
Ahh! Im stressing out 2 see if i get a callback 4 soccer tryouts!!! MEEP!  3LiveLife&lt;3
Ahh! Its been raining all day! Got like 15 in. of rain ,So sadd  But went to go see ATL. Made it soo much better; fo sho.
ahh! it's raining hard now. i forgot that i had just washed my car :/ not cool 
Ahh! Me &amp; Poundcake overslept 2day!  Guess we'll have 2 catch th@ Wednesday service.
ahh! Most of my class of 2009 peeps are graduating next weekend.  i woke up to having that thought in mind.
Ahh! My eye hurts   I think I have a pretty bad stye...
Ahh! my internet restarted.  That sucked.
Ahh! Paper planes is playin and it makin me more homesick!! I miss ma TIU-LA bitches!! 
ahh! sneezes are unpleasant surprises 
ahh! so many books i want to read, so little time 
Ahh! The bus im on is stuck in a traffic jam. Im going to be late to the gen art film festival.  
Ahh!! What did I just do on DoA?! WTB?!  Ante's are hard to find so no one will take me up on it anyway.   #peterfacinelli #peterfacinelli
ahh!!! I'm already inside because my music doesn't work... 
ahh, fuck, time to get ready for rowing...In the rain 
Ahh, home now twits. Hay fever/headache/stomach cramps: it's all going well for me today 
Ahh, I didn't think I'd cry, but I did  Gonna miss ppl, even those I'll see in Sept! Not really in the mood to socialize w/others now.
ahh, i feel like crap  and i feel sick  blahhhhhhhhhh, hows everyone?
Ahh, I guess nothing to do tonight 
ahh, i hate being sick. going to the doctor in an hour  i better be better for warped tour on sunday. :/
Ahh, I hope I can fix my body clock before enrollment day.  Late time to sleep, but I shall try! Night-o folks!
Ahh, I hope Miss Kenney is doing okay. It's awful what's happened!  
Ahh, i just realized i missed the sounds on letterman 
Ahh, I need to pickup my suit today, but laziness is my bitch lover 
Ahh, I'll Miss Strawberry Fair! 
Ahh, it hasn't opened yet  http://www.royalacademy.org.uk/exhibitions/waterhouse/
Ahh, it's already Thursday!!! Where has my break gone? 
Ahh, Jessi is going back to San Diego in the morning... I wish I could go with. 
ahh, just got home. its raining so hard, i got soaked!   but, good side to it all....wait..there is no good side! 
Ahh, just took a dumb shower  I don't wanna go to school  have to write a dumb paper and taks is next week ;_;
ahh, me and tia aren't online at the same time. 
Ahh, my eyes are so itchy 
Ahh, my freakin' wrist is killing me. I've been too long on the pc. 
Ahh, parrot squawking  SHUTUP SILLY RAT BIRD THING &gt;:[
ahh, the thought of Mr Parr has just come up. I fully miss him. 
ahh, there is like nothing to do 
ahh,ok. i only have marykay make.up brushes. but hndi ko tlga fan ang crease brush nla. gus2 ko yung k2lad ng 224/217,but wlang dupe d2 
ahh. i drank a glass of melon juice........but, the taste aint good 
ahh. i'm bored. been listening to old stuffs recently and i really do miss local basketball 
ahh. i'm getting sick  Someone make me chicken noodle soup.
Ahh. I'm so confused, this adult school craap sucks ! Haha. 12 - 3  , welll. Peaaceout? Haha.
ahh. just had to delete the video &amp; re-edit it 
ahh.. missed Aslyn yesterday 
ahh.. not good... im still in &lt;3 with someone i shouldn't be in &lt;3 with.. 
ahh.. Today I woke up at 6 a.m.  i'm soo sleepy (:|
Ahh... I love Chinese music. Haha.  Not gonna see my luff til Thursday... 
ahh....jabbas r so hwat....i'm jealous they dance so well!! i wanna go to america's best dance crew show... 
ahh...goin' home today finally then off to Rocky 
ahh...sick again  way to go, swinus.
Ahhaha one of my supervisors told me she had a dream that I died 
AHHAHHH adbelkjghf, hooly crap !! I almost died :O someone kill me now 
ahhggg i have to paint today, i'm so tired and sick of everything, and Maegan's not coming over to help me 'till laterrrrr 
Ahhh  my Y!M... please please please work already! :|
ahhh !  i almost droped my fone in the flippin toilet !
Ahhh ! I burned myself 
ahhh ... lazy Sunday. Oh, wait ... scratch that ... dear wifey has other ideas involving actual work. 
ahhh a huge headache.. 
Ahhh almost 5 and i cant sleep  what to do what to do   oh ya maybe i should find my keys  hmmmm
ahhh and now there's thunder and lightening 
ahhh a'sdjflajsdlfjal working on this beautiful night  weakness!!!
Ahhh at work 
Ahhh back. Gosh, I'm worn out. I didnt go teadot 
ahhh broken hearted girl video... gets me everytiiiiime. I cried. and cried. I love heeeerr! 
Ahhh feel sorry for that little girl  can't watch her crying xx
ahhh first day of work tomorrow! not really looking forward to it  iv liked being a lady of leisure!
ahhh freakin hell! 
ahhh friday! what a week. youngest girl is sick with temp.  glad to come home to such a lovely wife.  postponing work till tomorrow night.
AHHH fucking work... I wanna play Devil Summoner 
ahhh got up at 5.30 this morning to go to sydney uni for history lectures it was soooo boring...WASTE OF $30 lol 
Ahhh i actually have to do work! 
Ahhh I am having the not-so-good day. Can't somebody cheer me up? My DVD player is not working&amp; the intrnet connection sucks!! 
ahhh i cant sleep 
AHHH i dont no who to vote for 
AHHH I don't want to wait for Season 3 of Breaking Bad!!! 
ahhh i got headache   hate that!
ahhh I got Waiting for Activation message 
Ahhh I hate computers  I don't know what's wrong this time but the ONLY website that actually loads for me right now is twitter...
Ahhh i hate my car now,. time to sell,. Needed to get to an apt at 10 and the battary is dead! 
ahhh i hate sundays so much they suck 
ahhh i just woke up! its like 340 or something ugh im soooo tierd 
ahhh i miss my mommy... 
Ahhh I think I'm catching a cold or something 
ahhh i wanna go see year one. you should take me  nothing all weekend, woo~
ahhh i wish i was at polo tonight 
ahhh i would do ANYTHING to meet @AlexAllTimeLow 2morrow... but no one will take me 
ahhh i'm awake which mean i have my psychology exam soon 
ahhh im feeling last nights netball training this morning ... pretty sore 
ahhh I'm sittin here missin my boo sooooo bad 
Ahhh i'm still awake! :| i neeeed sleep 
ahhh imma be locked out of my house this afternoon  *cries*
ahhh is really sore 
ahhh it's an end of an era.....the tonight show with jay leno ended 
ahhh its to flipping hot! door open stilll boiling. im like baked 
Ahhh ive been sooooo itchy today... And while i hate to say it, i think i might know the cause... damn allergies  
Ahhh jealousy, such a cruel mistress  whats wrong with me?
Ahhh left ma phone at Aunts store finna be phoneless till 2morrow 
ahhh man @1Omarion , that picture of you and your sis was reeeally cute. Seems like a pretty good relationship. I'm jealous 
ahhh man I wanted to watch the fight but my dad was being a bum, didn't want to instead I am not watching the fight or the movie with him 
ahhh my brain is aching. 1. ICT Revision for As Retake, 2. @markhoppus and @petewentz haven't quite released a mem stick in the UK, 3.  
ahhh my phone is nearly dead. 
AHHH my printer has stopped working! i'll never get my homework done now.... i should not of procrastinated 
ahhh my throat hurts  someone please make it better lol i need to really stop talking though but i am getting sick darn it no!!!!
ahhh my tummy hurts!! I think i ate a little too much at the b-day party..lol so upsetting  Night Night my twitter bugs!!
Ahhh no Internet out here  7 miles from Exira.... Kinda feel dirty....
Ahhh no, I've got a headache! 
Ahhh old season of Smallville. RIP Jimmy 
AHHH poowww Jedsi!  I;m not coming to school cause i have a noroligist opointment in New Jerey or something like that.  ?Frankie
Ahhh powercut!!!  no Internet. No signal. Ahhh
ahhh revision!  i really should start haha
ahhh school horibble im have no finals left yet i still have to be here... 
ahhh snap . accidently broke my leg  (litterally &quot;snap&quot;!)
ahhh so im at home and i keep hearing this screachy sound and idk where its comming from ahhhh 
ahhh so sleepy i want frosted flakes but they are home home 
Ahhh so tired... I think I'm going to cancel my plans for tonight, I feel bad tho 
ahhh squares are gay to colour in! spesh in sharpies, they run out so fast 
AHHH starbucks is closed  when did they decide to close before 10pm??! and i'm still mad tired ahghghhg. gristedes? ahhah  lol 
Ahhh stuck in the middle of Ohio for Free Comic Book Day. Closest store is 45 minutes away. I have failed Hugh Jackman: http://is.gd/sZ2L 
Ahhh stupid headache 
Ahhh Thai tea stain on pants = ruined pants fohevaaaah 
@tomwellingtweet but its 1:05 AM &amp; theres none in the house 
@tomwilliamsboat  xxxxx
@tomyumgoong at least no one turned the lights off on you D: some lady did that while i was still in the bathroom at fung's kitchen 
@tomywithrawcash Yeah, she just text me actually - poor wifey  Hope you're looking after her? I shall be glad to share cookies
@tonei did you get the email from micah about going to ny for to meet them? i'm not going - too poor. 
@Tonekupone I know  it's tough. i gotta think of somethng else.
@toneloc8011 aww no  that's why i love my church, service starts at noon!!
@tonesa lol yeah, definitely get it. I was SO annoyed when it came through my messages I'd be getting mad at the phone 
@tonesa that's true, all the jeans look like capri's 
@tonesF Sarap naman ng pasta!!! Chili na shrimp pa!!! YUM.  Sayang talga you weren't there 
@tonesource lol sounds like you have your work cut out for you. I have to cut my kitteh's claws he just tore into my leg. he's mad. 
@Tonesteruk omg DONT curse it!!!!! MINNESOTA sucks cause it can snow like in any month 
@tonfue gasp! here i thought i found an introverted kindred spirt. 
ahhh the weekend!! too bad i have to work both days 
ahhh this math assignment it killing me i have been working on its for 5 hours straight and have about 5% done 
Ahhh Today was super embarassing.  Swimming wasnt even that fun..culinary was amazingg haha we made sandwiches for a contest!
Ahhh tooo many stressful decisions to make  x
Ahhh tooth ache 
Ahhh tummy hurts grr &gt;.&lt; not feeling good  no bueno
ahhh we r soo tried!! We r at a party and we havent had tht much too eat! 
ahhh where did my afternoon go? 
Ahhh why do sandy beaches always give me nightmares 
Ahhh wish i could go to the #mcfly signing today  #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly
Ahhh woke up so early 
ahhh work at 2:45. 
Ahhh work at 8pm again  nobody likes me
Ahhh! Drupal views!  I'll get there but I've got a feeling it's not going to be this afternoon.
Ahhh! Good morning everyone. Just kidding. Paged out for work.  (3:55 is no fun)
Ahhh! Gotta download Uncharted 2 beta AGAIN! Didnt work 
Ahhh! Home alone, &amp; all the power just went out!! YIKES!!! 
Ahhh! I can't find my copy of The Birth of Europe and there's no room here far away from everyone else for me to concentrate. 
AHHH! I want BSG! But not working anymore 
Ahhh! I've been hold  oh well, tomorrow is another day it seems
Ahhh! Lol @ Add Maths Test  Time to take a look at the WHMSonic Panel.
Ahhh! Mike's team lost but he pitched a great game-did 4 innings of throwing solid strikes! Just a comedy of errors that cost the game 
ahhh! recitals are over! sad  applebees now !
AHHH! The stream from Xbox.com still isn't showing up! 
AHHH! They are hammering in the apartment upstairs again  Thank God I don't get hangovers cause I'd be screwed lol.
Ahhh!!! 13 More days til i move!!! Noooooooo!!! 
Ahhh!!! My tummy hurts! All these food in my tum tum!!  Daddy can u rub my belly pls *pout*
ahhh!!!! u know what really sucks??? i sprained my toe!! OUCH!! 
ahhH!!!!!! its is vurry, i really really wish i had some right about now! 
Ahhh, how to i peel oranges! mine always turn out ugly. 
ahhh, i got my mum to put deep heat on my sore muscles, and now it's buuurning 
Ahhh, i hate goodbyes  amazing week
Ahhh, iv ate too much  feeling sick.
ahhh, much better. i need something to do though, and nobody's online on msn  someone talk to me?
Ahhh, my eyes hurt from too much sims  i need a break..
Ahhh, my porno follower has stopped following me! So sad! 
ahhh, my shoulder 
Ahhh, my tummy still doesn't feel right 
Ahhh, now I have to put all my contacts into Google... I upgraded from a dumbphone.  #prelaunch
Ahhh, revision tomorrow - I have an exam on Friday.  Anyway, I'll make the best of my half an hour before I go to bed.
ahhh, school's finally out, but i'm gonna be soooo bored till camp 
Ahhh, so sad have to go back todayy 
Ahhh, stop it. It's making me more saddd. 
Ahhh.  I'm sittin in the sun in jeans and a black shirt... it's friggen hot.  I hate the sun. 
ahhh. can someone pleaseplease twitpic me the rollingstones cover?! im mobile.  ahh
AHHH. He moved to freakin CHICAGO. WHY is he coming back here all the time? And the people he's with...creepy. 
ahhh. nearly break so its all good. hopefully a very fit someone is in havent seen him yet..  xx
ahhh. what a long day at work. im so sleepy and hungry!! 
ahhh. what to wear?! 
Ahhh.. It's disappeared... But i'm shattered    I'll just make sure my mouth is closed. Nightz.
ahhh.. its so time 4 me to call it a night, this is how i know im getting old 
Ahhh.. wanna go back to sleep, but gotta head out soon 
Ahhh... Tweetie just crashed... And I am going back to school in under 24 hours... 
ahhh...another day of summer vaykayy....rain rain go away 
Ahhh...im gonna miss this place till Fall semester!... 
Ahhh...out of work 10 min early  with a headache 
Ahhh...the root of the problem is that she's so petite...she needs to be much taller to carry the outfits 
ahhh..back to boarding housee 
AHHH..gotta be at work in 4hrs! cant sleep! 
Ahhh..Monday mornin &amp; off to work, hope there's not many sick ppl in today..Mondays are always busy. 
ahhhgh, still up trying to finish a project. I wish I could swallow! Swollen glands has set in 
ahhhh !!!! got soo much work to do 
Ahhhh :@ I missed mimmo's party as i live in the UK  and i solved all the clues :@
Ahhhh a wisdom tooth is growing in and its very uncomfortable 
@tonfue i hate when all my friends txt me bout if i made dance team! i dnt wan2 answr them, shuld i? it makes me sad 2tell em i didnt 
@tonfue Nice looking place bro! I need to paint my place before I post pics. I work in a pink room right now 
@tongarityphoon: That sucks  Good luck. My sleeping patterns are like... 6am to 2am. Gah no wonder I'm so cranky at night...
@Tongsquare no it sucks when you're a geek and hates sports and is forced to swim...  (but squash with MI*A &amp;smeguy that day wuz fun  )
@tonhiebear thai food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  me home.
@ToniaMBartz i had them before verizon and their phones didn't work as well here in ga. verizon has good coverage, just can't switch yet 
@toniandrews  Still no POV article. 
@toniandrews I'm sorry you are unwell. Do you have allergies? That could cause diziness 
@toniareda awed you poor thing  just bake some cookies, that will make you feel better ;)?
@tonibrockliss fyi, connie and carla is not as totally awesome as the previews make it seem  sorry about that one.
@ToniC813 
@tonicate10 Do you guys hang together 4 real? Cool! No one lives in Boston. 
@tonicate10 Oh, I got it. TMZ. LOL Was this about him being on HBO with Joe Buck last night? I forgot to watch it. Hope it's On Demand. 
ahhhh another work day..  but atleast im not tired!
Ahhhh art &amp; wine feet was fun! Bummed I didn't use all my drink tickets  hoping J takes a nap despite missing the window again
ahhhh Brisbane, where it's so foggy you can't see the tops of buildings. or the sky 
ahhhh home, now off to do some life chores 
ahhhh I dont want to go to work!!  
ahhhh i feel sick  ughhh. gonna take medicine, say my prayers, then sleep it off... Gooood Night Twigguhhhs lol. &lt;3
ahhhh i just fell 
ahhhh i keep dropping my damn blackberry!!! 
ahhhh i woke up one massive blob of snot  hayfever? i think so!
ahhhh it's so early i finally fell asleep at 3, i think i have insomnia 
Ahhhh just got word gotta move into the Corp office on Friday 
AHHHH just realised i have 2 possible 1.5 hour shows next week - being sick sucks now 
ahhhh looks like no sanctuary for me tonight  but still hope for lloyd at Elegante tomorrow night.
Ahhhh monday mornin  hate it  x
Ahhhh my tummy hurts 
AHHHH o_O My thumb hurts so much  I even have an ice pack, i didn't even do anything! :S
Ahhhh sinus pressure. I sucks being sick, cause I can't talk or sing... 
Ahhhh so much pain  this sucks...
Ahhhh spicy crawfish flung in my eye!! Felt like I got pepper sprayed!!  All of my eye makeup ran down my face like a scary mary! 
aHhhh wat to do so many ppl want to chill but no car to day 
@tonidees hahahahahahahahaha that day/night was so ridiculous in Brooklyn. I'm missing you too  Come visit me in Greece ;)
@TonightForever I'm sad u weren't picked 
@tonightless  what happened?  don't be sad!! Text me!
@tonightless HAHAHA! YA. Neh he isn't. But I really wish man, then my chancne of getting to know him would be slightly higher 
@tonighttonight gross... 
@tonightwedance not really im to shy to actually go upto them tbh.  but i have someone in line anyway.
@toniignacio True that! I hate how the commenters and the site itself pawn us towards the all-time DLSU stereotype: All money, no brain. 
@tonijefferson I sooo wish u were here to do my make up for my shoot! 
@ToniKaras aw, man, what's happening?  someone threatening you? damn those stupid internet trolls!
@tonikaras rainin at french open  ~Rose~
@ToniMarie711 Bad tooth, that I've been neglecting way too long.  uggghhh I need another Root Canal
@tonimarienet i would, but i'm already in bed 
@TonishaRenee oh nooooo toni!!!i swear i thought it was pretty healthy.its just rice lettuce n corn..minus the sour cream cheese n dough 
@tonitones  hope u feel better soon! I hear weather in NZ is terrible right now. Am back in NZ in 8 days, not looking fwd 2 cold weather!!
@tonitones mine is the same 
@tonitones Oh, that is sad,  my g'dad forgets who we are... he thinks I'm an 8 yr old.  Its like he has lost recent memories 
Ahhhh What a nice weekend we had camping.  Now back to the grind.  The phone has been non-stop today.  
Ahhhh why am I doing research on fashion designers!  Makes me wanna buy more stuff. Anyway, check out http://www.eeshaun.com/
ahhhh work 
Ahhhh! @Trissia: I am so sorry I forgot to write the e-mail to you about the question you asked! I am so behind on stuff and promises! 
AHHHH! Homework... i hate it 
Ahhhh! The cottonwood trees are killing me right now, stupid allergies!  
Ahhhh! The day I come home for lunch to be able to eat and watch Home Improvement... It's on every day at 12-1, but today Spiderman is on 
Ahhhh! The rain is back! 
Ahhhh!! Worst news EVER. RIP players  all my chapel hill kids know what I'm talking about. Omg so sad, must go to sleep...
AHHHH!!! I'm having some banking issues!! GAY!!! 
Ahhhh!!! My mp3 ( aka the soundtrack to my LIFE!) is on the fritz! I dont know whats wrong with it! 
Ahhhh!!!!  I totally forgot I left my window down!  It looked so nice outside when I got back from lunch.  
AHHHH!!!! EVERYTHINGS GOING BESERK/WRONG!!! exams, guys, uni place..   :'( Probably the reason I keep bursting into tears!!! ARGHHH!!!!!
AHHHH!!!! I need a link to the finale! A little help here. 
AHHHH!!!!! I HATE THIS!!! the jonas brothers album isn't coming till the 19th here :'(!!!! STUPID STUPID AUSTRALIA! 
Ahhhh, got picked for Holmdel book drive and I can't do it cuz of VIP 5*  waahhhhh. Well, it was an honor just to be nominated, lol *sigh*
Ahhhh, skewl 2mro!! DREDING TI , i havee TAFE too, dnt finish till 4:30pm  Gotta get to sleeeppp.. Gniteee, Tweeple.. =]
ahhhh, so today was okayyy, didnt get to see my boyfrienddd 
ahhhh, twitter is overloaded so i cant add a new picture 
Ahhhh.  It's below 60.  Great sleepin weathr but got 2 getup &amp; pull weeds.  
ahhhh. back to school tommorow!!! i dont wanna gooooo. 
ahhhh. i miss those lame teachers  aha
Ahhhh.. My desktop PC isn't booting any more. Either it's the gfx card or my mainboard.  Pc was almost new ...
Ahhhh... I can't wait to leave! I'm so bored. 
ahhhh.... facebook bugs me sometimes... 
ahhhh...it's uncomfortable without a second monitor, keyboard and mouse...bad resolution on our notebooks 
Ahhhh..wish I could sleep for one more hr, before going into work...its Monday morning..! 
Ahhhhh bunny roadkill is so sad  and where's the sun today? I'm cold already!
ahhhhh hills finale tonight ?! byebye lauren 
Ahhhhh I don't want to work I just want to relax all day and night 
Ahhhhh I'm restless!  Restlesssss. 
Ahhhhh Jon and kate split up! ;(   thats sooo sad -PARANOID!&lt;3
AHHHHH misssing my dolls &lt;3 &lt;3 
ahhhhh my pillow finally....a little sleep then golf at 8am...why did i ever agree to golf??? 
Ahhhhh not about waiting outside of work when I haven't got a key to get in! Grrrrr  xx
Ahhhhh one of my leg is fatter than the other n that is only one flaw my mine, my body is so unproportional!   Kupo 
AHHHHH perfect golfing weather, i got college though! SHAAAAAAAAAAAAME 
ahhhhh the sun hates me !!! Its so unfair 
AHHHHH Thunderstorm  im home alone
ahhhhh!  morning  twitter experiment  coffee  soon broken arm still me not favorite unanimously 
ahhhhh! my laptop is like dying and my charger isnt working. goodbye real interwebz in 10 minutes 
AHHHHH!! Segmentation Fault!  No Get2Gnow for me
Ahhhhh!!! Im going to be so pissed if erick dies!!! 
Ahhhhh. Can't sleep at all  can't stop thinking about him.
Ahhhhh. I'm in sooo much pain. By body is so sore &amp; aches EVERYWHERE! 
ahhhhh.. sunday's almost gone. hate monday 
ahhhhh.... epson! i love you, but why do u choose to fail on me now! 
Ahhhhh...........  Twitter is not letting me upload a profile picture  !!!!!
AHHHHHH :@ used my bandwidth again. Shouldn't have saw all the nigahiga videos yesterday 
ahhhhhh I don't know if I want to move back to Miami. I love it here 
Ahhhhhh I got stitches  I seriously cant wait to go to the beach! SUMMER HURRY UP!!!!!!
Ahhhhhh My Head Hurts  Well u guess thats what happends when you bang it off a wall :S My Bad haahaa Check out ep 1 of IYOK 
ahhhhhh my power is out. ugh. 
ahhhhhh shit, Win 7 RC BSOD when trying to login from sleep with fingerprint 
ahhhhhh they seperated..ummm guys ami the only one in the world who say that....i mean really still sad for the kids though 
Ahhhhhh too early 
Ahhhhhh. Headache. 
Ahhhhhh...I never want to tag this many pictures on Facebook again!  My pointer finger hurts 
ahhhhhhh i cant handle all this E3 coverage. too many games. i want them all now. not in march. 
ahhhhhhh i got a serious headache, hasnt stopped all day 
ahhhhhhh its cold and wet and not full of rainbows! Damn you winter, you ruined my day 
Ahhhhhhh man! I have to go to work. 
AHHHHHHH! Everyones doing laundry except me 
Ahhhhhhhh all these Deeds people are driving me crazy....I guess I stand alone tonight   Oh well, it's supposed to be lonely at the top.
ahhhhhhhh! NO TWITTER COUNTDOWN! 
AHHHHHHHH!! juss need to let out a good scream..now if only i cud actually scream like a girl 
AHHHHHHHH, St.Lawrence Graduate 'O9 &lt;3 / I GNNA MISS EVERYONE SO MUCH!! 
Ahhhhhhhhh *stretches* i fink i better go do something but i cbb !!  xxxx
ahhhhhhhhh basically shoot me! i feel like crap  well off to work, todays gonna be a loooooooong fucken day
ahhhhhhhhh I'm so jealous for watching Mnet Scandal... HOngki oppa....  My heart is breaking~~~ (
ahhhhhhhhh the only thing thats making mad is that myspace and twitter wont load  explains why im using my phone.
AHHHHHHHHH!! To much!! Way too much...I hate finals. 
ahhhhhhhhh!! why did i have to get sick now? shit, i have only 7 more days of school and i feel like crap 
Ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!! School,time to say goodbye's  Not goin to therapy today UGH! Stupid home life! Love Presley &amp; Ashton!!!!!!
ahhhhhhhhh, the stupid radio. i have tried to phone in for ages, but it keeps going dead. i am sooo gutted 
ahhhhhhhhh. i hate people... 
ahhhhhhhhh. i'm going insane. seriously. 
AHHHHHHHHHH THERES PHOTOS OF ME ON FACEBOOK, oh dear god you dont want to look at those 
AHHHHHHHHHHH 5 1000 word assignments due on tuesday *rips hair* I was hoping to update stories but gah 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH this sucks! I just wanna SCREAMMMMMM!! Gotta go to work 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! Grey's season finale = 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, I;m having the same problems with SS as I did yesterday!!!     
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. i just saw rihanna naked pictures 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh EXAM SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!! nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh someone save me!!!!!!!! 
Ahhhnd. Break for lunch. Oooh stress. Having to code something like a hyper-version of Outlook diary with built in invoicing. Yeah, fun 
Ahhkifhh!! Soo annoyed! This is not a good weekend for me!  if u don't wanna hangout don't tell me to get ready then ditch me! Ahhg! Y me?
Ahk ever not every...wow i can't even type...and my Wolf Pup isn't replying to me...so alone  *tears*
Ahmadmajed murdering his own people because they want freedom and justice http://quaalude.proboards.com The whole world is watching  QC
Ahnna just went home and i am so sad.     cant wait til we get manicures!!
ahnothing like doing hay for the bfs parents not done yet but today we arent working 300 bales + yay right plus they have a pool (hot  )
Ahoo hoo hoo, got a head ache 
Ahr :| | ahhh, my phone is broken  yep broken. Where she? Where from and what she do? Haha just bull shits yeahhh! =[
ahrr surgery in 10hours  next one will be on july 1st whichll be actually a big one! Wish me luck guys  -&gt; walkin training
AI Offers 2-5 yrs leav widout pay 2 its employes 
Ai que preguiÃ§a de shopping 
ai que saudade do twitter 
Ai, den sure ettersmaken av espresso fra Wayneï¿½s Coffee sitter i  Og appropos   http://bit.ly/OlPiW
aiai meu 18 de marÃ§o ;; &lt;3 Missing my boys like hell 
aick...seriously hehe. The law may be harsh, but it is the law 
aidan just conked me with his pointy little head. think i narrowly missed a broken nose &amp; tooth. owwwwwwwwwwww!!! 
Aidan was crying. awww 
@tonitv ?confused? @jacehall just blocked my twitter account? 
@tonjethilesen what is new in the sims 3 ? I asked, but nobody replied 
@tontonn hey cool dawg. IM ON TWITTER. no more votes to lose 
@tony_aa Going east was easier than going west for me. Sleep schedule went back to normal immediately but I had headaches for a while. 
@Tony_Mndz Your BB is officially on crazk. I texted you back and actually did not get an answer  loser!! lol
@tony182 Button. AGAIN 
@Tonya_Polk on iPhone. No chat 
@TonyBatman not sure....I would say this week but Nakita has me flying out to Huntsville AL sometime Tuesday, so I'll be packing mon nite 
@tonyburkejnr  was expecting to see our here   http://bit.ly/13KlhG
@tonyburkejnr haha I'm in the middle of trying to replenish my collection. Lost most of my mb20 and rob stuff when my old laptop died 
@tonycarrera oh no! poor dear! between her surgery and now being sick, she can't seem to catch a break 
@tonycassidy totally, how can you have Nick with out Margaret Mountford  she will be missed...
@tonychester Gahhh! No you sent me to MSNBC 
@tonydavidwood lol...i'm dreaming...will see them @ the hard rock here in vegas &amp; the greek in LA but have to wait till september 
@tonydeanxo whats wrong 
aidan, please 
Aidan's crying  xoxo
Aids walk concert today rained out  we will not be playing!  aids walk still happening tho!
aids walk morning. jet banquet afternoon. no concert  home now
aieee graduation was amazingg.  I'm going to miss the seniors soo much&lt;3 esp my krista
aight, back to the game... i miss phil jackson's moustache 
Aight. i'm going to go chill w my love! Finishing up this bottle, then bed! Goodnight Twitterville  Hope your night is better than MINE!
Aiii   im so bored.. the main computer broke down tooo T.T
aiii..have to control this. kaya yoko ng mga games e. adik na namaaaannn.... 
aiiiiiii. hate modern history irp. 
aiks... obviously i have got the answer already.. but i refuse to accept it 
aiks...heartburn 
Aim 7 Beta is out and it looks like they're trying to turn AIM into Twitter  WHERE IS THE ORIGINALITY?
aim buddy list just disappeared somehow. please send me your screen names!! 
AIM deleted all my buddies!  IM me so we can return to chit chat as usual.
AIM voice chat is weird. i like to read out loud &amp; i can't because then vicky can hear me :/ i can't even sing along to my ipod 
aimee ;) im so sorry for missing yur show babe â™¥ is alix ina a mood wiff me ?  she didnt txt me back ;o :| i hope not (yn) sorry again, ly
Aimee is really upset she was so looking foward to go to school today.. 
Aimin with Mark O budd ! where's Sherlaine ?! 
ain  Beyonce does the birdie song will make things better http://bit.ly/5ANNN it fits so well 
ain nobody tryna be at work this early 
Ain`t No Sunshine When She`s Gone. 
aint got a job nomore 
Aint no sunshine today 
aint no sunshine when's she's gone 
ain't nothing like being in a big city during the summer. too bad we're not there 
@tonyeccles - very  @jakeperks - lol it's not that bad at mine...but the actual appointment is never at it's scheduled time...
@TonyFlesor sorry your night sucked. 
@tonyfrazier I won't see 8.5 for another year at least (testing, managed upgrades, etc). REALLY wish I had work email on my phone. 
@TONYG2388 I'D DIE WITHOUT MY BLACKBERRY TOO 
@TONYG2388 it really sucks, I wanted to see Better than Ezra, but it doesn't look like I'll be going 
@tonygnyc  sick on a wknd, not fun
@tonyhawk  The board is gone tony. I dont see it anywhere 
@tonyhawk ironically left PA today too.  will be at 1600 Penn tomorrow, but i don't get to go in 
@tonyhawk tell us who won! 
@tonyherrera it actually didn't fail. it was their intent all along to sell workers out and create consumer based economies. politricks 
@tonyicegangsta You're not answering me. 
@TonyJPRoss &quot;The new Regina Spektor album is half really good and half not so good at all.&quot; Just read that from Perez Hilton!  
@tonykenobi i was in keyboard short cuts but can't find it 
@tonylazz thanks for the tag.  sorry I am a grumpy bear 
@TonyLetts Acquired taste??????  What on earth could you mean?  I'm shocked and saddened Mr Letts 
@TonyLovesRaevyn im not cute unless u do my hair  lol
ain't seen or heard from u. i been missing you crazy. how do you sleep?  http://plurk.com/p/12pgcx
AIR BERLIN's city tour pass for â‚¬199,5 routes among selected destinations.No GR airport though   check it out http://tr.im/oMSv
Air conditioning is not working  having cool baths with the baby
Air conditioning is very cold... 
Air France #447 ruptured in mid-air.   http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/europe/06/19/france.brazil.crash/index.html
air france #plane - more debris found  http://bit.ly/13r8IH
Air France A330 missing 3 hours into flight, no official word yet on its fate. My guess is I'll wake 2 bad news 
Air France AF447 goes down over Atlantic. &quot;No hope of survivors,&quot; says the airline. 
Air France aircraft missing... Not looking good 
air france cras was terrible  hungarians among the dead  
Air France debris found in the Atlantic - poor families of the  passengers 
Air france disaster is not helping me my fear of flying in plane 
Air France Flight 447 Rio-Paris crashes on the Atlantic ocean most passengers Brazilians, French, Germans and other nationals. Sad 
Air France flight 447... a moment of silence. 
Air France Flight 447=scary + sad 
AIR FRANCE FLIGHT MISSING - 226 PASSENGERS IN MY PRAYERS 
Air France Plane disappears over the Atlantic, little hope of survival (228 people), sad and scary  Official PR (FR): http://bit.ly/wNdP3
Air France plane from Brazil to Paris gone missing over Atlantic.  Prayers are in order. 
Air France plane from Rio to Paris missing. Crashed ? Maybe just me, but I'm nervous... Hope they're ok  http://bit.ly/15Y5iK
Air France plane with 228 people missing over Atlantic ocean. Plane was on its way to France from Brazil-Rio. 
air france tragedy makes me so damn sad  
Air Travel cheaper than Beer in Oz .. 
Airbus 330's recorders may never be found  http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/03/france.plane.memorial/index.html
airconditioner in the library is not working  its too hot over here. No ventilation
Airconditioning fail 
Airplane of Air France is missing since this morning, with 216 passengers on board... how awful. 
Airplane with 228 people missing over the Atlantic...  That's really sad.
airplane with my hannah joon. my neice is going to take over the world someday. in the worst way possible. i don't want her to go 
Airport got me off my Greg Focker out here. Lost my focking bag! 
Airport....ill be fine when we reach our destination. I miss Mere 
Airports are just not very fun places 
Airtel Mobile Office not yet activated! 
Aite yall I know I've been M.I.A. but I'm back... Currently I'm havin the worst luck with money. Lost like 245 dollars 
aiyaaaa. kalau aku dpt bngun at 6 and 3, i would get more money 
aiyoh family photos only 60% done 
AJ found an old sandwich of mine in the fridge at work.    sad to see her go...woulda been a delicious meal...had I remembered her. #lunch
Ajhhhhhhgh so much pain 
AK, flop comes 2K6 I bet 15 get raised to 25 I call, turn is A, we check, river rag, then I check and he bets 15, I raise 15 he calls, 22 
akkkkk I'm a sicky poo  in need of some tlc
Akshully creating some playlists on iTunes (never did b4). So far I haz:  and &gt; and &lt;3    Think it means somefink?
aku kbangun gara2 mimpi @manyolitha, very bad dream 
Ala adventure  my sisters boo's job is having somethng
alabama is the state that everyone makes fun of 
aladdin can make this night even better. i hurt my tongue on a fucking blowpop. 
Alan carr just about to finish  don't know what to do now, just me and the fish for company 
Alan finished it  I'm -$200
Alan Tudyk and Gina Torres now join Adam Baldwin and Morena Baccarin at the @CreationEnt Serenity con in November. I wish I could go. 
Alarm clock is not connecting to WiFi any more 
Alarm did not go off again today... Woke up at 750!  Normally leave the house at 815 
alarm didnt go off. ragin. i feel so bad 
alarm set for 8am... weh 
Alas - @globtrav had warned me not to follow back everyone right away - now I fell for 1 spammer and even said hi. 
Alas, Debussy, Beethoven, and Ellington. I must leave you to learn how to talk on the phone properly. 
Alas, i have a suspicion that Kate will win   
alas, i remember the promise of summers 07 and 08 - offered so much early on, only to be an overcast-filled few months of &quot;summer&quot; 
Alas, I will try. What time shall I try? I'm thinking 5. Oh yes, and I must do R.S revision. I bet it won't be as fun as media 
alas, it has happened; I have sunburn. 
Albuquerque show cancelled  not our fault, I promise. Unfortunate events, hope all is well!
Alcohol = bad  my head hurts 
Alcohol has turned me into a jerk tonight. 
Alcohol has warn off..my foot is majorly effed up.. 
alcohol is apparently not sitting in my stomach yet  prob gonna vom again tonight
alcohol is not my friend  ugh.
Alcohol should never have been made 
alcohol would be really nice right now...... im not in the best of best moods 
ALDE down 12 seats so far  But Ind/Dem down 10 also... woo!
Alec Wilder's songs are so beautiful, they make me cry. Blackberry Winter was myself and Craig's favourite song to do together 
@xnuny yeeeah, a lot! 
@xo_amanda_xo haha. I want my ringtone to b that alarming song when she sees her enemies. Can't find the ring anywhere! 
@xo_amanda_xo yes that is still just the hard drive  it is taking forever!!! Technology, Canada Post and online orders hate me lol
@xo_mcflyandjb i don't remember  lol. and yayay. this is mean but im glad Tim and Bigzy are back on mon cause the others suck!
@xo_mcflyandjb i know 
@xo_mcflyandjb nahhh. they hate me 
@xo_mcflyandjb ohh. i want it to ,, you picked Tom ..&amp;&amp; i picked nick. grr, fine 
@xo_nathalieee once we have $ let's go get tats togetha. i miss my gf too  and i'm comin to norwood as soon as you give me the okay. BC&lt;3
@XO_SUFI_XO Why 
@xoAda - @x3strawberry isn't following me 
@xoAda me too! I can't sleep! 
@xoAda my phone is mad loud when I type!  wills sleeping! He's gonna get so mad if he hears me! Lmao! :x
@xoAlexHeartsxo I love da whole damn album lol..My sister's saw her last week tuesday...they didn't take me  caught up 2 eastenders 2day!
@xoAlexHeartsxo Im fine, just gettin ready for a bbq. I wish I was @ summer jam watchin my boys perform  Ill get over it tho. dont mind me
@xoaliishaax3 i know it sucks 
@xoambercullen omg i know right 
@xoanarevvvv hahah i love that stuff. mine is dr. pepper, it's my biggest vice. 
@xoangelbabiixo I was following peeps and idk how but I'm not following them anymore 
@xoarchiemyidol yes and I am so mad at them 
@xoBetseyJohnson The Lobster ring is FAB! Wish you stocked in the UK 
@XoBxMaMi83oX  well at least their is twitter for ur phone i cant do it on mine 
@XoBxMaMi83oX yes mama it will go away 
@xoCAZZA i hate them haha 
@xodasha lol...i don't smoke so I wouldn't know...but smoking is bad anyway  so I think she has bad taste...
@xodasha Yeah a foggy city would be cool! Makes me think of the 'Dont Jump' video! But we wont be able to see the boys in the fog! 
@xodedexo18 I can't do it till I get home workin right now  and ubertwitter drained my battery to fast waiting on that update too
@xoeve im off there soon for an exam  have fun! xxxxxx
@XOGreg OMG. I WANNNA GO!! WHERE? im in SF though.. 
@xohalieee your too far away 
@xohanna i didnt like them tonight tbh 
@xohanna i've looked, maybe people are too nice to upload them! 
@xohpanic Bum... you should talk and sort it out. The sooner the better, or you'll be lingering on it for ages. 
@xoitsmylifexo aw I'm sorry  Mother Nature must have a cold or something. Her eyes wont stop watering. I'm going to throw her some soup :]
@xoivettexo you would've had wednesday perfect attendance tonight at zumba. She was giving out prizes for it 
@xoizen I'm all about fast Internet.  Tmobile isn't cutting it for me.  3g isn't even out yet for Hawaii 
@xoJessiee i think its time to forgive, but never forget 
@xojordieox23 ;; you're listening to my favourite song right now. &lt;3 (sorry, but i feel like such a stalker.  )
@xoKARLA omg i know! right now they're in the water 
@xokaytee not home yet! 
@xokimox13 sorry sorry i slept in  i'll come tomorrow are you and everybody going to be there?
@xoKitaxo  wish I were comin. I aint shit smh. I'm there in 3 weeks, promise.
@TonyPrice1970 lol !!! Oh it's crap here ..no sun to be seen !!Hope this isn't our summer 
@tonyrobbins Sorry to hear about your father in law.  Very scary.   I hope he will be well!  My thoughts and prayers are with your family.
@TONYROCK i knew that! I can see into the future n thats whats gonna happen! lol ok im an idiot, sry! n no im not in la  cn i still go?
@TonyTescadero damn that's all bad! They could've saved u a plate! 
@tonythaxton How is it?? Sims3 compared to Sims2? I haven't picked it up yet. I need a desk top computer to play it, instead of my laptop 
@tonythaxton I looked away from the screen for some popcorn and then I look up and a bird is flying at me and then I jump. 
@tonyvaughn oh man  i wanted to go on thattt! Have fun!
@TonyWade I know  But we have to face the cruel reality.
@TonyWade That's not what you told me the other night. 
@TonyWade Yeah, Twitter avatars are fucked at present... 
@toodamnninja @urbanfly hope neither of you live in Handsworth... ground zero for piggy flu apparently 
@toodamnninja aw you put an arse in my fave Deathcab song 
Alek's eye is all swollen and I cannot figure out why. It doesn't seem to be bothering him. Bad mommy 
Alert Thingy is kinda not working. 
Alex G. And Ryan Ross are sick  Hope it's not the effin swine flu! 
alex graduates from high school today.... exciting day for him....but i'm feeling a little sad  
Alex has a long boring day ahead. Home Alone as Andy is working til late 
Alex is leaving in a few hours 
Alex jus poured half a bottle of vodak on a chick.. I know she's wet!! 
Alex just called me a faggot  That's completely rude.
Alex lost his wallet. We're going insane. Anyone know where it is? We're thinking Kanawha City. 
Alex Parks official website has disappeared. I hope that doesn't mean she's given up her career in music 
ALEX PETTYFER IS GETTING AN AMERICAN ACCENT. ARGH. THIS CAN'T HAPPEN!!! 
alex says the swweetest things 
Alex slammed her head into the edge of the table about 30 min ago.  She's going to have a nice, blue bruise.  
Alex wants his twitterberry back  byeeeeee!
Alex's last day of school is today! yay. we're going to chuck e cheese after! wish we had friends going with us  i will be bored.
Alexxx Im gona miss you today. Im so sad, noooooooo 
alfhdjkghvsfdghvifduhbgvkjsdfhglsfdkghvfjlkdsghsdflkgh  TODAY SUCKS!
alfie has to go tomorrow  that woman asked me way to many questions
Algebra final next I think @xOsitaax is absent today  New blog posted up sombrerosquad.blogspot.com check it out and follow mee!
Ali referred to me as &quot;Little Egg&quot; whilst partaking in drinks at the Largo. Adorable. Tomorrow: the Saab's final day 
@xolaurencexo i just want FALLOUTBOY, right here, right now   ?
@xolorimxo dduuuddeee. i'm freakin out. how are you studying for religion? i'm not sure what to study or what to use.. HELP MEE PLS !!! 
@xolp that's a bit poo isn't it  SCHOOL is shit as, mock exams all this week, but it's the real maths tomorrow YAAAAY. i'm going to fail.
@xomalese i have done that once - but it was a bad txt 
@XombieXS Of course. What aren't they remaking?    At least with Haley, I have a bit of hope.
@xomendi22 mari, now i want to cry  how fucking ridiculous is this. 
@xomendi22 really???? no im not.  LOL
@xomgbobdeblasio  I miss you. 
@xomollydollyxo hmm? Is no one responding?  That sucks. I'm sorry. 
@xomollydollyxo i think i looked there and still couldn't find them. 
@xomollydollyxo no 
@xoMusicLoverxo  funk mood? i hate those :/
@xoMusicLoverxo ...I was in the middle of S&amp;R and it wasn't developed fully. Now it's been half a year since I updated it. 
@xoMusicLoverxo I'm really sad now. Sounds like an awesome show. 
@xoMusicLoverxo It's a plan. Cause that's just nasty. 
@xoMusicLoverxo lesson learned, believe me! I was super upset 
@xoMusicLoverxo Mobile twitter does suck. I hate it.  But it'll have to do for the moment...
@xoMusicLoverxo oh crap. I didn't notice that. Triple fail. Sorry. 
@xoMusicLoverxo you should sleep... It's GOOD to sleep. I wish I could go home... But I still have like an HOUR of NOTHING. 
@xoMusicLoverxo You're just being mean now.  How am I supposed to write when you're being mean to me!
@xonancy and the more recent set pics of HP showed emma and her bf  lol but then again, anything's possible! haha look at Robsten ;)
@xonancy yeah  really? i thought the runaways was being filmed in LA... but either way im sure they're strong enough to last &lt;3
@xorachel63xo  nooooo i had to refresh kuz my internets a douche and now im not in ur room! 
@xorem Awww  too bad I'm not there yet to help. Ima GREAT organizer, my closet is perfect (well was, not everything is basically packed)
@xosandy Stupid pigs... 
@xoshannon25 I'm so jealous you're there!  was suppose to go. now, I'm stuck at home, bored! :'(
@xoshannon25 sigh I think I was too slow. My twitter wouldn't refresh so I couldn't see when he said go 
@xoshayzers awww i will miss him 2! 
@xoshayzers I'm sorry. 
@xosophietweets ahh :S i dnt know what to say....i'm friends with all you guys i dnt like this 
@xosprinkles93 awww vickie its ok  lol
@xoticbeauty no one 
@xotor1 what meeting is this!? N ONE TOLD ME ABOUT THIS!!! 
@xotropicalblend Dont have any 
@xoVictoria Other than teenie ones?! Probably none  
@xox_Hannah_xox i know  i cant help but tell him i love him loads!
@XoXalyshaXoX I know eh?  Well we can go for like weekly runs, when we are both not busy. We shall make the time for sure!
@xoxk_reesexox Oh okay. Yes ma'am i am here...so bored, but just for the summer though.  I call a reunion, I miss you guys 
Ali steff is saying bad things to me 
Alice DM----&gt;  brb..
alice doesn't know what to wear to the cinema  &lt;3
Alice is hilariously messy! Got lots to do today 
aliencito is back 
Alina_WhateverDid you forget, that I was even alive? did you forget, everything we ever had? did you forget... about me ?? 
Aliya has puked all over the carseat and car, peed all over a highchair and floor, and now diarhea all over the car seat Within 12 hrs! 
Aljazeera Talk has been HAKED this time!  http://www.aljazeeratalk.net &gt;&gt;Hard Luck Guys!!
aljldkfajklaj;dfj i missed my 1,000 update!  im made. well 1,014!  woop woop!
alkdfjasd bored today  somebody come to ormond
all 3 of my coworkers just got their phones delivered...wtf...and i ordered mine 1st  #UPSfail
All a nigga wanna do is go home...ain't been home in 3days 
all achy! 
all afternoon out...what began by being a nice lunch with my husband...ended on helping a friend who had a car crash  
All alone again!  jk  YAAY
All alone again! My roommate Emely just left for home 
all alone all weekend 
all alone and i hear thunder... someone come save me ... 
All alone at face off tonight  boo
all alone at VIBE...missing my intern buddies... 
All alone at work today  Missing @rnv101, @lmalamud and @shay323! Hump Day's going to be worse than usual.
All alone for dinner tonight 
all alone for the weekend! 
all alone in my cube 
All alone in my empty room. I miss my comp already.  gonna full up the car and leave it soon.
@xoxnaquel hhaha, i wish my mom did that but she never sings jb or watches them. i swear she hates them...yeah she does hate them 
@xoxo_Alli i just googled it. im trying to locate a place that sells it ASAP! im soo scared i peel soo fast  gross but true LOL
@xoxo_Alli omg!! girl!! i am sooo  burned like i dnt even know what 2 do  ima try that stuff.. i think i need vasaline or somethin tho LoL
@xoxo_emily I wish I could come but I have to stay with my mom since she has pneumonia 
@xoxo_Kayla_xoxo btw i can't go on another shopping spree... no money  xoxo
@XOXO_MJ HE WAS IN THE LIVING ROOM! it's switzerland in there. he was masturbating in switzerland! ewmigod!!!!! 
@xoxo_tiffy they're totally misrepresenting B-town 
@xoxoangelrose ok  haha. I'm excited i haven't been to disney since i was little. I miss Florida. So much. 
@xoxobb11 you got it all done?? even the labs? thats all i have left to do. and i cant figure it out. FML 
@xoxoBear LMFAO  Yeah kind of sort of!?! can't even be a cocktail waitress?!? Like WTF. LOL
@xoxoBear UGH i hate the fact you're off tmrw! &amp;&amp; I begin workin 9-6 mon-fri 
@xoxoberecia i just wish they weren't dating  it sucks. i was so sad when i found out 
@xoxobuhleak LOL  awwww well I cant wait I missed the first premeire and the next on is in 9 minutes!!!
@xoxoChelseaa sup? Can't afford lvatt. Sad 
@xoxocristina I lost it 
@xoxoelenaxoxo I got one question wrong 
@xoxoexohexoh How was your yard sale? And sorry for texting you so late last night 
@xoxoHelenHilton hpe note haha. and nopee- all ym friends are on holiday  lol, youu?
@xoxoHelenHilton phheewww! haha, and yeah same. which suckss! i really do hate twitter sometimes 
@xoxohilary Aww that sucks  Hope you get it soon!
@xoxojaniepie what did I do ? 
@xoxoJBhautner I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@xoxoJennxoxox I feel lost...  I keep running (in my head) from staring faces.. haha. basically:Headache &amp; eyes hurt
@xoxoJL me too. it's hard 
@xoxoJL same desk different location. don't like it. 
@xoxojoannamarie eeek sry I'm late bg...but happy brithday baby! I tried 2 send myself 2 u but it didn't wrk 
@xoxojuliaxoxo yep..its true 
@xoxokhemixoxo far  julianne isn't performing anymore
@xoxokimmie lmao no I don't know no strippers he wanted to play and we missed him 
@xoxoliannexoxo Awesome thanks very much. Actually bricking it  I have a feeling that 3 topics isn't enough...
@xoxomar you know what's lame? The fact that you were still in the lib when I got out of class and I didn't see you 
@xoxoMarianna I would gladly go! but my VISA just expired  I love LONDON
@xoxomilliexoxo aww  what time is it where u are? And it 7 38am here lol and i tried getting back to sleep but i couldnt xx
@xoxonatalie i feel the same way 
@xoxonatalie I have one! I can't believe I forgot to show you when you were over 
@xoxonemo i know, i miss you too  when's the next time we can chill? 
@xoxoroo oh no   I've been having problems posting to Blogger today too, hmmm...wonder what's going on?
@xoxotwinsiekinz hey jordan i am scared because i am thinking about what we talked about! 
@xoxoxoe oh right, fair enough 
@xoxstarchild haha  bah, i cancelled my 24 membership.
@xoxsteffixox- TRY BEING ALONE AT HOME! i was actually so bored i did an HOur on the cross trainer b4 breakie! now i have 2 do dishes etc 
@xoXxXkittyXxXox It's already 12 am here  i should be sleeping but what the heck? it's Friday let's enjoy the freedom lol
@xPaigemariex3 why for? 
@xPamRose What ever I want. Any genre, any plot, it just has to be in 3rd person. But, sadly, I have had no pot bunnies. 
@xpaulx ....cant watch the video in Canada 
@xpb the other person kept sending me stuff but it wouldnt let me send anything 
@toodamnninja mine too  this is why winter is my favorite season (plus the excuse to break out my berets)
@toodibear08 MYKUUUH! How're you?? :O I miss you. 
@ToodlesNoodlesz Im sorry  I love you Alana 
@toofondofbooks ha, I wasn't reading ruined book.   still on 2nd book.  I think the more I read the slower I get #readathon
@toofondofbooks how frustrating 
@toofondofbooks I use FF at home and prefer it.  I'm stuck using IE at work 
@toofrank  poor chicken. 
@TOOHOT2BREAL25 so I realized how bad I am at responding to ppl. Too much of a  broke willy for LA   congrats on ur bro!
@TOOHOT2BREAL25 that was the season finale???!!! How sad and wretched. 
@toohotforscott u are so cold! 
@tookute914 yes all tha time . but the same person ruins ma day  thats not cute tho he really needs 2 stop tho . &amp; whoo made u upset ?
@toolgasm  Shannon is away too.
@toomanybarriers I know right? I miss those days *so* much! *bawls* 
@toomuchcornpops I'm hoping it's really not that. I really want to live to see Green Day... even if that day would be my last day alive. 
@toomuchhep it was even Berries Special K! And there were more berries in my bowl than I had ever seen before 
@Toongen weeeelllll i can't watch it yet because i have to clean before tonight + go to footy sooooon 
@toonhead I haven't listened to *all* of it yet. so I'll ahve to get back to you. had a minor issue getting it to the IPod.  all fixed now
@toonstopia wonder why you ain't be able to start  did you get my 2nd invite?
@tooommm its a gay and never works 
@ToOoOtiE yeah cedar point was a no go for us too. Sad times 
@Tooory  its a sad time, i cant belive my mum and dad had sex, i mean that just disgusting, i can't belive they'd do such a thing :O
@Tooory *HUGE HUG* I AM SORRY TO HEAR THAT  GET BETTER SOONAGE! XOXOXOX
@Tooory The man in the book I'm reading is trying to nap but he's just weeping 
@toootsies ... not pathetic at all  poor you! I once left my bed room for 2 days cos there was one in it!
@xpeaceluvjonasx been there sistah....      lol
@xpezcorex  They are.  And they are so epic and I know my sister would go if they came nearby.  &gt;&lt;
@xphyxiate Freelancing at the moment and getting tired of trying to find a stable job.  How about you?  Leaving Melbourne soon? 
@xplay I'll love and watch you folks eternally, but why does it seem that, since the format-change, the sarcasm has lessened/softened? 
@xplay Personally, I'm hoping to get a new PC so that I may Be able to run The Sims 3.  Can't even run Spore creature creator right now. 
@XplicitLyric awwww  feel betta fast hun
@XplicitLyric lol thats what im saying i got you! oh what i aint ya type!  lol
@XPLOSIVECXC ima read the book again...maybe a couple of times before the movie comes out...cuz im gettin juiced &amp; we have to wait 6 mths 
@xPollyWood - was los? 
@xpressdocs Can I download the webinar from somewhere? I had a photo shoot and couldn't make the call 
@Xpt_PK1 hate I missed u  I am off Friday, how is your schedule looking?
@xpureirishx i feel left out 
@xPurplexMuffinx haha x shame 
@xrachelllx my mother wont go in and sign the paper, she's being reet lazy 
@xrachelllx yeahh i hope not, im not looking forward to re-downloading everything onto it though 
@xragon Asshole, rubbing it in that you finish early 
@xranarawr ouu  im HERE!
@xraquelx No sleepover tonight  
@xratedr  You're just Lady Falls-Apart over there.
@xRatedTrader $DRYS when I bought it. 
@xRawrx0x i love you so much my love!!! ill miss you so much!!! 
@xRawRxJonAsx- i misss you  nd omg only 3 more exams then im free!!!!!! LOL
@xrayspecs LOL  no...that's not it.  I found out they are looking for a missing boater 
@xraytid howcome  porque? u dnt like it when i talk dirty to u? 
@xraytid Watching Gottis Ways. Being bored with my life 
@xreyesx kathy facebook is messing uppppppp  I cant talk to you !
@xRoeLollipopx said: Haha. &quot;Nahipo ka ba?&quot; Still remember who used to said that line?  -Don't remember anymore 
@xrosieeeexx my msn is broken again 
@XroulaX Oh dear...  You should change your password! Btw, good morning!
@xryanrussellx shattered 
@xSarah_Watsonx  whats wrong? 
@XsarahX93 so have i 
@xScarlett_x :O WHAT?!! Keep calling and texting her! I hope she's ok! 
@XScarlettMarieX me toooo 
@xScRUNcHIx I don't want anymore! 
All alone in my house  Ha
All alone in the apartment tonight 
All alone in the office....got lots to do...but its so damn quiet in here 
All alone on a friday night.... Again 
all alone outside waiting in line  
All alone with no one here beside me... 
All Apple stores closed today  maybe inventory day??
All at once my arm and knee ache. Storm's a'comin. There goes biking 
All bruised and scraped up. No fun ... 
All but me left 
All by my lonesome at PCBC 
All by myself bartending tonight. Come visit I'm bored 
all byyy mysheelf cus everyone either has an exam or has gone with @frazzzle to frankie and bennies 
All caught up on Harper's Island for now...but afraid to go to sleep! Might have nightmares! Thanks, CBS 
All coursework due tomorrow! Loads of late night annotating is neeed 
all day and no mastodon 
All day by the pool..... Yeah I am RED, even tho I put on sun screen 
All day hangover &amp; I feel like poo 
All day i've felt like I'm going to vomit 
All day watching Him play volleyball. Those beautiful eyes... I could stare at them all the time. &lt;3 Now-learning History. Test tomorrow. 
All done cleaning! Taking a break...OMG my back hurts 
-ALL DONE- dat shit hurtted wtf!! 
All done packing up. Heading back to the airport soon to head back home. I'm going to miss her so much. 
All done raining 
all done, off to work now  after that im buying batteries and bandages, nice combo huh? lol have a nice day!
all done. so sad its over 
All dressed up and no party.... 
all dressed up and no place to go 
all dressed up and no where to go... 
@xSEANxLONGx that doesn't make sense then..cause...a few months ago i was putting up stuff bigger then 1gb in size...stupid youtube 
@xsethsownstarx  no one will travel with me 
@xShefSx good luck for when u get to five. its a right bitch  
@xshiningSTAR i forgot the url to pro lol . and i have a virus on my ckmp and i have been trying to get it off for the longest ! 
@xshiningSTAR yes ! and it isnt working  it block the task manager too!
@xShyannexStarx yes sadly  what about you?
@xsilverwingsx lol long live the fans !!! we will shoe these anime companies who they r dealing with  
@xSimplyCharliex pervert! leave me alone, sheeeesh 
@xsiobhaaan that sucks. Sorry 
@xska indeed it is, and I'm going to work 
@xSkylines :O that was very rude. I offered to straighten your hair. I think the price you'dve paid would be very fair. 
@xSkylines I thought you were a vegetarian? Or am I two years behind? o__0 And they are tasty, indeed. It's not our faults at all. 
@xSLG no one to go with :\. I like the last fan in chepstow 
@xslverwingsx oh... im sorry claire..  .. but on the other side.. u should've taken a picture of that..
@toosexyjessi Tristan told me he was pooping Sunday, but it was a little too late for potty. Hate that he's havin colon issues. 
@tooshbag omg yesss that poor ladyy~~ kesian  if I could just find sum1 to marry her,be her dancing partner,pass out with her..etc.
@tootferi it's MAARAW already. it just took around a minute or 2. 
@Toots08 
@Tootsiemr Don't that alway happen, at least that how it feel. 
@toovey No it wasn't that  ahh I want to remember the name so I can seek it out and play it and be happy that I'm now smarter! haha.
@top5jamaica yeah man, they brought it back on the market a couple years ago...it scarce through 
@topbillinmusic Yo! I heard you boyz are in Edmonton for another tour, I would have picked up the booking but Im moving to Oz before then 
@topcatdisco wish we cud go but no babysitter 
@topchef58 why 
@topdan Oh heck no shame Nev.  Tx for playing The Love Game by Lady Kaka tho... it's a fun song. ;-) Hope the queues are short! xx
@xSo_Dangerous  I wanna twitter at Chrissy. But I can't think of anything.  -Georgi (This is also my suicide letter cause I'm not crea ...
@xsparkage I agree.  Not fair.  
@xsparkage imagine if you really were lost and lost all contact with DT!  that'd be the saddest day of my life haha
@xsparkage Love your tutorials. Any ideas on how to get your eyes to stand out even wearing glasses? I can't wear contacts 
@xsparkage Wow! Lovely look! but I can't find your &quot;boob contouring&quot; video on your channel and can't seem to understand in your video...? 
@xStaceSimx yea it was really cool! and yea its because she has like 23587295723572 messages a minute  and yes i am ahaha what part?
@xStCox it's okay 
@xSTEEVANNNx hahah it iss a motha fuckin plaan :o youuu never texted me back, as usuaaal! andd i've been being nice! 
@xStefx no i missed them 
@xStefxx omg hey!!!! i missed you. hope you had an aweeeesome time!!!!! missed you yesterday arvo 
@xStephTraff but he's the one that always texts me saying are you up for a **** so grrrrr I'm gona twat him 
@xStephTraff Night dearest first day at coll 2moz without anyone 
@xstex nooo  i hope not, i havent been sunburnt ever in my lifeee.
@xSTiKzx U r omg well i am going to church in a sec because my neighbor died she 100 
@Xstineeee hey! interview went well, but i have a feeling i didn't get it  oh well. i've been in portland only like 4 months! it's great
all dressed up and ready... hopefully i can get weed in an hr or i will be le sad  lol
all dressed up, my followers dissapeared? im depressed! 
all dun up and runing now time to do jobs round the house got sh1t loads to do dam it 
all everyonee does is moan at me ;( most of the time i didnt do anything wrong and they still moan   my life sucks right now 
All except me!  
All finished with College of Medicine Commencement prep stuff.  Now getting ready for UPC senior sendoff!  I'll miss all my seniors 
All fixed. No worries. Just erased the extra half hour I was trying to give my self this morning for productivity. 
All food gone. but, I want more  sad times. Never mind hey. Anyone following E3 coverage? I'm missing it cuz not anywhere near home yet.
All friends are in Killyleigh 
All garden Veggies doing great,Potatoes are about 18&quot; tall&gt;&gt;&gt;  Time to do a little weeding,not my favorite chore 
All good things must come to an end- packing the bags, gathering kids toys, we are headed back home from vacation 
All good things must come to an end... After an amazing 15 week, packed run: Dracula is closing today. 
All good this morning! Looking forward to another boring!!  tweet at night later guys!
All good Xbox 360 news from E3, but I'm bummed that we have to wait until fall for the NXE updates 
all grown up, done with high school forever  but i'm content with that 
All guys are assholes or dogs &amp; every females a hoe or bird-head .. Can some1 jus show me they not all the fucking same 
All guys i want, donÂ´t want me and i donÂ´t want the guys, who want me... 
all i can hear is snoring. I hate that noise. But I'm jealous that everyone else is still asleep 
all i gotta do now is pass two huge test and not fall asleep while driving lol  jp
all i have to say is &quot;that really hurts&quot;  I wish you were here.. with Me
@xStolenKissesx my pc wont even play it so im sad lol 
@xstream MobileMe is not required for Beejive push. Apple getting around to approving the app is though. 
@xsweetmisery awww yeah, I get that. 
@xt0rrent i think mine is an 80gig...thats a big downgrade 
@xt0rrent well then thats less songs! and videos 
@xTaniniBoss I kno rii! U KNO ur gonna see sum1.. if u want to or not lol. I don't even think I went last yr! 
@xtasii  playing apples to apples. Miss you.
@xTatii Hello! What's up? I haven't picture in twt 
@XThe_Happy_EmoX oops haha. delayed i am.  i think mine cant hold more than a gig either... and i need more than that 
@xthemusic  I hate the indusrty I long to work in.
@xthemusic ....bonds are made using violence? Surely he'd just be scared of me? Maybe that's the best I can hope for 
@xthemusic Britney is such a heartbreak. 
@xthemusic bugger. you got to the gaming blog before me 
@xthemusic I am hereby giving credit to @peterepeater for showing me that tv show. It is funny and :O  in equal measure.
@xthemusic No....it is me and Jack dressing up and putting on pantomimes in episode format.  You caught us out.
@tophatdog  gosh felt sorry for ur daughter  it must be devastating for her...
@tophatdog  you have her on a special diet?
@tophatdog And getting into all sorts of mischief.Eventually had to find homes for them.I missed them so much  I have my pics sorted but..
@tophatdog She was the only dog i actually experienced passing away.Since then ive been paranoid with my husky &amp; over protective of him 
@tophenyx dont rub it in that you get to take a break from the dmv! ;) have a peach martini for me! 
@topherlyons developments since our conversation yesterday- more proof of my theory on the ï¿½dislikeï¿½. foï¿½real. 
@TophMcmlxxxv It's some new thing I'm trying, sometimes called &quot;being a human&quot;? Fuckin weird. Had to buy a new wardrobe. 
@ToplessRobot those aren't even the old dolls...they are the new ones that look like sailor moon! 
@Topnotch_noniie don't disrespect me 
@TopNotchBaddest pretty good missing the guy 
@topramen - FOX40 is not the FOX News network. We're owned by Tribune. If THAT'S their basis for ignoring our coverage, then... 
@Topshop_tweets Im watching it now! Its so cruel 
@topsurf 
All I know nobody is going is going to win this situation. I love my family &amp; hate to see this happen 
All I said were 'don't kick your feet off cos that's why the coffee went everywhere' and then once again it's all my fault 
all i saw was the white hummer limo 
all I wanna do is watch Gilmore Girls right now. 
All I want is a grilled chicken salad... That's it.  too much 2 ask for??
All i want is a MAASAGE! goodness gracious 
All I want is my car back! 
ALL I WANT IS SUSHI. Why are people so stupid? Let me take my lunch break! 
All I want is to be outside at The Hawley Arms, with a Bloody Mary, and have a roast there for lunch. That's not asking much, is it? 
ALL I WANT IS TO MOVE BACK TO CHICAGO AND SPEND MY NIGHTS HAVING AWESOME GIRL TIME WITH JAMIE AT METAL BARS AND DRINKING EXPENSIVE BEERS. 
All I want is to see him tonight.  and I know it's not gonna happen.
All I want is to sleep. Stupid work and stupid fall transtion shoes. 
All I want right now is my puppy 
all I want to do is go for a swim and the pool is closed 
All I want to do is go home and all I'm going to be doing is going to other peoples homes  not a happy camper
All I want to do is go to sleep   Hooray for Fridays...
All I want to do is hold my baby but my c section pain is bringing me down  when does it get better?? 
All I want to do is lay outside in the sunshine but my headache won't allow me 
all i want to do is listen to bad habit... i usually listen to it 2390429 times a day... i just can't do it without someone here with me 
All I want to do is play KOTOR and it won't run on my old laptop. Stupid PC specific game CDs. 
All I want to do is talk to my bestie @adamlovell 
all i want to do is watch gossip girl but nothing will load or download  is it really that difficult?!!
all i want to do is watch the 2009 MTV Movie Awards but its revision all the way....hope im remembering the stuff 
All I want to do is work on craft projects, but packing and studying come first. 
all i want to see is those DSi ads, i havent seen any on the tv yet 
All i wanted to do was pet the zombies 
All I wanted was some breakfast and mimosas    a lox bagel with black hair is not what I had in mind! Ugh gross!
@xthemusic Sadly I knew all the shit reviews before going in but I was massively bored and my mate wanted to see it  McWank.
@xthemusic Urrrgh *shudders* 
@xthemusic WHY DON'T YOU SHUT THE H- yeah, that's something I've been considering, actually. Bloody northern weather 
@xthemusic you stopped following me  did i do something wrong?
@xthisischrista  Not me I hope! I am bummed you are losing out on Audizzle shows bb!
@xtiegirl Yay for Chuck! Can't believe it's 9 more months before Season 3. 
@xtifferyx oh noes 
@xtimetoshinex please dooo omg 
@xtina_90 Aww what's wrong 
@xtinalasvegas I can't open it from my bb 
@XtinaMarsh Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear  I'll hope for the best
@xtinamotorcycle um no! I would have to stab or shoot anyone who stabbed or shot you then I would go to jail. I don't like jail 
@xtinee_ mmm me too! 
@xtineee nothing to report. I'm like 4th from the stage beind REALLY tall peolpe.   just waiting.
@xtinemichele  that's no good! Is it the lecture or you're sick? btw I keep texting you...respond?
@XtineSamonte  what's going on ? 
@xtinew Yeah, heard about it from @anncurry, who said Angelina Jolie's speech was very emotional. Good job missing out  #squarespace
@xtini found the field and got run over by a big guy in 1st inning. Laying in bed at home with ice on my knee. 
@xtoatsmagoatsx the boat is pure weird!  yeah my model does not move in such a way to allow the chair! 
@toreo for real. i'm with tmobile and my contract doesn't end until december. 
@toreo i know i tried  o found synflood though.
@toreo I'll meet you for pancakes in a hour if I don't fall asleep again. Jeez, I'm so tired 
@toreo I'm sorry  i'll share my hash rounds with you????
@toreo what is this ontd spam u speak of?! I want mysterious followers, too 
@Tori_Amelia no nothing. . . . just a puppy i know and his fate will not be sooo great 
@Tori_Da Yeah unfortunately!   Thats what the woman at the till said too!
@Tori_Rose emmmh yes i  do cant be doing with the fatness anymore  x
@Tori_Thompson lol I forgot what I asked you!!!   lol
@Tori_Thompson we got back from fire last nite &amp; seen results  Brock drove my shelby home,  I told him I'll be home fri &amp; just have fun ;)
@tori0_o  people are going to get the wrong idea 
@Toria1518 Toria!!! I know!!  I have to go to school tomorrow and make up my last final!  Uhg! I hate this.
@toriachels The Sun has felt really strong this year. Its the begining of June and I have already tanned just being outside. 2day is cold 
All in in the next 3 hands... 
All it seems like is that, the more i fall for him..the more it hurts. nothing is helping  i need a cure for falling in love too hard
all I've eaten in one and a half days is a sausage roll 
All i've got for is a lettuce sandwich for lunch as we have no other filling. 
All jobs done..for now  still feeling poorly sick 
all jokes aside. I think I have swine 
All kicking off in Majors right now. 60+ in A&amp;E. Still, could be worse  #NHS
All liquid diets = MAJOR AWFUL LEG CRAMPS! (And I'm taking a multi-vitamin go figure I'd not drink enough and get dehydrated!) 
All local PHX channels are off the air on the Cable 1 system in the White Mtns. No local news fix this AM... Sorry April 
All losers at BINGO tonight!  Mom had fun tho. Good thing- tomorrow we're doing her LEAST favorite thing and watching sports all day!
All morning involved in cease and desist for another wedding planner website that plagiarised all my content and pricing 
All most there, all most there. I just have to get through this incredibly long and boring day 
All moving back in now.  still don't know whats happened. Its also lunch time!
All my baby birds have flown the coop    Got to witness that last one leave. Running errands today.
All my best friends live so far away 
All my boyfriends following each other. Lawd. I better watch my tweets! 
All my braids are finally out!!! Getting it in..missing some1 
All my calendar data between my iphone and ical/entourage has disappeared  so annoying, I wish they would just sort this issue out.
All my classmates wanna pon.. 
All my cookies got eaten 
all my credit is gone  $140 gone within 3 phone calls
All my curls dropped 
@xtopgunx i'm not even sleeping, fgt.. i'd come cuddle with you, but you locked the door. 
@Xtoxic_cupcakeX im sorry 
@xtreasurex  &lt;3
@XtremeAuthority sorry your feeling sad about missing your Grandmother  Give her a call tonight when she gets home, you'll feel better.
@XtremeDanny Hey Cutie!!! I Know I Left My Comment!!  Still Tight About Only 2 Episodes Left... 
@xtribx Lameee  When do you get back?
@xtrordinaire lol yeah 
@xTURDx loves katy perry 
@xTwiggy yeah! and did i leave my charger at ur house? if not i left it at graces? and i cant come until 5 
@xTwiggy you whore. 
@xTwilighter Country - Scotland!! Fact - I live here. You live here. Fiona lives here. Mcfly and Robert pattinson do not 
@xubean yeap I tried it in a partition when it was in beta. Now the RC is in VM and its not that bad but lacks all the graphics goodies 
@Xulap Consider yourself lucky.  It hasn't rained here in ages.   It's depressing.
@xUncovered_Lies Dude! Seriously, I am laying here in bed trying so hard to pass out. I'm getting no where! Grr! 
@xUncovered_Lies I'm pretty sure everything's okay. I just feel like a royal jackass, that's all. Eeeeh no bueno. 
@ToriGarbowsky idk if it is next weekend either 
@torigarbowsky its not on this weekend 
@toriiiias heeeeyyyyyyyyyyyy  have fun in calliii, without mee  i wish i was coming with youu! LUCKY DUCKKK.
@toriiiias I KNOW! and they were fighting! omg that would suck so baddddddddddd 
@toriilovesmcfly ha at least you can go 
@toriilovesmcfly thats 2 things im gunna miss london on your birthday and london on saturday to wel 
@torijanes and...yes, alas, we are still without pigs  miss them loads! x x x
@Torillas I'll be at work during the match 
@torilovesbradie aww  some guy is talking to me on msn and saying i sent him photos of me.. i soo did not. arghhh
@torilovesbradie i had acro and we did heeps of strength and now im realli sore  wbu?&gt;
@torilovesbradie lol, i hate them too for what its worth  how was ur day? x
@torilovesbradie yep. perth sucks. no one comes here. no all time low. no short stack. no underage bmth i wanna cry 
@toritos I cant update my BB software from my Mac. I can sync them w/ Pocketberry but that doesnt update the software. 
@toritos naw, it's like religion, it makes you the better person for renouncing buddah. or something. 
@torliad NICE! no but the more recent ones allow you to play others if you do though i bet it will slow the computer you do have 
All my dad talks about when we go out to eat is how i have to change my diet. Sorry i'm fat, holy shit. Not my fault i don't like veggies 
All my family and friends left me 
all my favorite shows are getting canceled 
All My Favourite Twitters So Close 2Me Just Delete Away ... All This Time U Were Pretending So Much 4MY Twitter Ening 
all my followeres are going to non follow me becaus i update to many :O 
All my friends are disowning me for wanting to be a clown 
all my friends are gone... 
all my friends are in colorado or moving back to colorado!   You all should come to TENNESSEE!!!  and live here!
All my friends are signing off aim and not texting me 
All my friends are wayyyy past drunk...am I the only sober one 
all my friends are working so i have nothing to do today 
all my friends that are on twitter.. please send me your numbers in my message box.. phone is broken I wont have one till monday. 
all my friends totally just judged me for having a twitter 
All my guests have left. This weekend went by way too fast 
All my jobs are done, unfortunately the postman didn't bring my games to review.........So I'm lost as to what to do with myself 
all my life, I've lived for loving you. let me go now! 
All my love goes out to Mike Tyson on the loss of his 4yr daughter 
All my loved ones are leaving on Sunday..... sad 
All my mates are &quot;In Love&quot; sadly, no love being passed onto me, well, by people who I like anyway 
all my music doesn't fit on my Ipod  hmm, which album should i delete..? the academy is or honor society? x)
all my music on my ipod got deleted 
All my nails are getting pampered... 
All my photos are too big 
All my places of solitude on line are being taken over by a stalker  Is nothing in my world to be sacred anymore?!
all my plans keep getting cancelled    ...  LAN tomorrow.
all my posts are getting ficked up 
all my roomies are gone for a couple days, they left to their hometowns this morning  someone is gonna have to come over and stay with me.
All my siblings are going out. 2 are out for Bball, 2 are out for party. and left their sister at home.  oh well, hit the book!
All my stuff is moved.. I'm so scared now. I'm not gonna see my best friend everyday now 
All my stuff is moved.... My room looks so empty.  Oh... The memories.
All my teams are losing  come on michigan! Losers bracket double header tomorrow!
@xValerius you lucky! I still go two to go... 
@xvidaa HAHA! I didn`t go.  I had to go somewhere ehh. L-) HAHA. school`s coming up, V.  what`s your elective?
@xwashy ay lucky allah y5aalech  am dieing out of boredom
@xwhiteandnerdyx  no i haven't seen it yet!  best footballer ever.  @Raijal  watched it though.  sorry we went out for so long dedrick 
@xwidep oh that's rubbish  did you want to carry on playing online or not then?
@xWOPx awh dude i'm sorry you're so down 
@xx_J_xx worked all day  it was so hot today it would have been perfect day to take off.
@Xx_JessicaB_xX Aw. Poor fishy 
@Xx_JessicaB_xX aww shame  you can be his bit on the side ;-) haha :p
@Xx_JessicaB_xX go to the audiance i might see it and be like hi jess!!  lmao yeah i did. still not feeling too good 
@Xx_JessicaB_xX i'm listenin to capital atm, i thought the whole thing started at 2.3O .. but he's sayin it starts in a couple of hours  x
@xx_maria That was the first one I've had since she died 
@Xx_Mcfly_xX yeah i hate that, have all my windows open but theres no breeze 
@xx_Megan_xx I'll just have to go with gadgy hair! It's sooo dry 
@xxabsentxx that hurt 
@XxAmyCanFlyXx awwwh Amy, its ok .. hes just being a boy. i miss you  x
@xxamyrooxx My freckles are out 
@xxandip I can't get through 
@xxandip NOOOOOOOO!!!! I MISSED IT 
@xxandip You too! Have fun at the gym 
@xxAnixx Aw hunni -hugs- I'm dissapointed too!! 
@XxAshley28xX  lmao I'm so embarrassed 
@xxAshleyLvsYou why? 
@XxBeccaxX @Steph_x HAHAHAHAHAHA! It's very tanning here.... but I want to be paaalllee 
@xxbeckeh and I missed it all, 
@xxbiancaa aw that's so sad 
@xxbiancaa i havent seen it, no. 
@xxBrandluverxx  LOL nice sounds good!! Ur gettin Gud weva! I had my friends 21st/engagement night were brill,then worked all day today  x
@xxbrry hey now, you cheeky bum!! be happy you're there!! i am so jealous! it's like re-living not going to the first mcfly tour in 2004 
@xxcachyxx that dm was true 
@xxciiaaaxx mee too 
@TORNADOHUNT Sorry things couldn't work out.  But, don't let that get you down!
@tornadoliese  It didn't come true. You aren't here.   
@torontophotog Totally - I get migraines from barometric changes all the time.  Fun times, especially on a wedding day 
@TorontoViewer That reminds me - I should check out the latest Team9 stuff too. It's been ages since the last new Lenlow tracks 
@torresdal ofline soon I am afraid 
@torresjeremy I'm down, too bad everyones busy 
@TorreviejaVilla Hi, the link doesn't work 
@torrewhitey ay  
@Torrie11 didn't win  she was 2nd though! @LouDPhillips was crowned King of the Jungle though! (my second choice) haha.
@Tortue Me too unlimited data plan in 23 countries, but can't manage to tether BB to Mac... 
@Tortue: yeah that sounds like an idea - I used to learn by writing chars ad infinitum ni 1E5 books - I have 5 full books.  Didn't work 
@tortured74 That's sad.  I'll miss you!
@Torturedlady yea  ma'naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam (marwan accent) lol
All my tweets are already gone, aren't they  Missed you guys tonight.
all my tweets have #squarespace and i still haven't won an iphone 
All my twitter friends are in bed or something 
all my underwear and my new pair of shorts have gone missing and it all gets mixed up. i just want my new white shorts. 
all my vertical bosses were like going crazy about this sun -ROCK project- failure.. this means new STRATEGIES.. ugh late night.. 
all my worms either escaped or died  bums!
All new Pushing Daisies tonight!!  First of the final three 
all nighterrr.. been thinkin so muchh, NO WAY i can sleep.. 2 nights in a row, way to go krissian.. 
All nighters are getting old. I am so tired that I honestly feel sick. I have to drive an hour in less than 3 hours  anyone else up??
all of a sudden, i dont feel like going tomorrow to the bikey 
All of her life he has never been like me. How can she know how I feel. She doesn't know what I sacrifice, she doesn't understand 
all of m songs have been removed from my windows media player! :| its gonna take YEARS for it to put em back on :| all my play counts 
All of my awesome friends move away  - Hanna: i don't think anyone else likes me playing with their hair... http://tumblr.com/xpr23imdq
All of my datas there, i dont wanna lose all my datas  boo hoo
All of my electronics have been destroyed by the storm  no more tv computer radio or xbox......... Devastation!!!!!!
All of my favorite Anchormen are retiring. First Jim Nunn and now Don Newman?!   --- #CBC
All of my friends are moving to la 
All of my friends seem to be partying tonight and i am home 
All of my shows are ending 
All of the cool animals live on other continents 
all of them hugs actually... i wanna meet them so bad. 
All of these parking lots are making me sad to not see busses &amp; cornhole tourny's happening.   charolette,Nc http://twitpic.com/6qnbj
all options for my mobile image upload on my site are failing...  sad day...
all out of ice cream 
All out of lobster bisque  I should've known!
@toryjane Sorry! I thought I did...We got a little bit of water from the sewer again, but nothing catastrophic. Need to have it looked at 
@tosbourn I did that once, though my jar had ï¿½300 in it  Good times! Good luck chum!
@ToshMos Wer goin2NC bcuz that date work around every1's schedule SoRRy  there are more shows2come...bring ur butt2Fridays@sunset in regal
@Total_Collapse  that's not good! good luck!!! well, at least ur challengeing urself!
@totalcliche its really hard to tell..  i'm stumped lol
@TotalCyclist I got shit loads of allergies 
@totalfrog Oh, I'm on it! I can't wait. Stupid rednecks making me cry 
@Totally_Toni   i'm having one of those days today also   
@totallyamazing Hope you get better. I don't have my phone with me. 
@totallybacan 
@totallyguan  i'm one very lost child.
@totallyguan damn jialat. I need to remind myself not to multitask while cooking! 
@totallyjoshed All I see is a box with a red x 
@totallyninja I'm sure it does, I feel so awful for you. Thinking about losing a pet makes me want to cry  ilybb&lt;3
all over  now av to wait another year  lool
All packed and ready to go, sadly it looks like I'll have to leave my guitar behind at least until my next visit home 
All packed up about 2 have brunch at BB Kings before heading to the airport..Why am I so sad when I have to return to VA 
all pcs are crashed 
All people are speaking of MTV Awards.. and I... I Can't see it!!!!    Bad Bad Bad!!!   
all pills are locked up and my back is killing me 
All play and no work makes Frex a poor girl 
All pre-orders of the iPhone 3Gs made on the 13th won't be shipped on the planned release date of June 19th? ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! 
All re movies got deleted off my iPod! they aren't on my compy anymore either 
all ready 2 go wiv nowhere 2 go  hopefully get moved later this afternoon i hope...cheese chocolate and sausage good on a roll?
All ready for Friday night but I have to work early 2maro .. What a waist 
all ready to fail the maths exm tomorrow (N) revision sucks doesn't help at all. 
All right, I'm outta here. On tonight's schedule is the cleaning of my apartment for an inspection. 
All semester I've had a bag of cough drops sitting in my desk, untouched. Now I'm popping them like House pops Vicodin. 
All seniors are elk. And i wil miss them 
All set up; waiting in the car. Fuck it's early 
All seven kittens are still missing. I just hope nothing bad happened to my babies 
@totallyninja thanks, me too 
@totallyninja that makes me sad. but I guess that's just time passing. 
@totallyninja uuuuuuuuuugh bummer 
@totallytheatre Plus, it's the recession: people want to spend their money on old favourites that cheer them up 
@totallytonto It might have been. 
@totalrapture I didn't notice,but you live in Florida like me! Is it raining were you are? It is here and there is a thunderstorm warning 
@totalrapture Pls can I has your base code but with my own pictures and stuff.  pls pls
@TotesMcGotes its worse cause i can die. 
@TotesMcGotes what'd you say back? wish someone thought about me til 6am  pfffff
@tothewestside i love that movie &amp; i think my kid would too. i wanted to get it for him for his b'day tomorrow but couldn't find a copy. 
@tothewestside Yeah, they could be in your food now if you've had the litter &gt; a few days. You gotta trash it all.  http://bit.ly/C4KSx
@totobird435 I'm missing every key. 
@TotusMel I've started to unfollow because that -- yeah 
@touch5 I hate the Lakers!!! I'm hella mad!!! 
@toucharcade I like it and I hate it, how much am I going to have to spend on extra levels and such? 
@touchedarling They are cheating on me!? That was supposed to be my date for the evening! 
@TOUCHOFCLASSENT yeah we closed early like 12:30  I just started today. It was cool
@TouchReviews_PR That sucks. 
@Touchstone67 Oh, nooooo. Sorry, bb, that blows. 
@toughcity no i have 2-3 more days of photoshoots..and it wasnt glitches, it was fucking disasters 
@toukie_s  right.. but 4x the prices compared to houses around here  But you know there are appt and Cegep here too *wink wink* loll
@Toumal *hands some fish soup* get well soon! 
@TouringRider Thanks for the suggestion. It's not the battery; it tests at 12 volts. Just clicks.  Starter motor fine. Bad contact maybe? 
@tournxg thanks! Had beach plans today but the rain ruined them! Poo. 
@tourofmo Whoohoo -- wish it wasn't the same time as my &quot;big&quot; vaca, always come for a stage or two - but can't this year 
@tourpro pouring here in upstate NY as well 
@TourSeries oooh I am not jealous much of the pink pinarello 
@tovs613 thanks im crazy nervous 
@TovSoHandsome mad at you! How come I didn't get an invite to summer jam 
@TownHallSteps1 haha i know! i wanted lasagne but ended up with pizza  lol
@Townissnatty oh..hush 
@toxicast i just literally missed the ending  ugh, what was the announcement?
@toxicatingriot Sayang. We could meet sana 
@ToxicGiggle In the same boat, I've ended up writing an essay on masculinity in A View from a Bridge. 
@toyaisme i'm voting like hell.. but can't get is all straight 
@toyboxstudio I'm not a difficult issue 
@toyohara I don't read Japanese very well and the translation of your tweet made no sense - sorry   Try again in English?
@toyotaboy boo  I told you it would be too long...we gotta do more often, shorter ones!
@toysintheattic No money.  Will you still rape me though I'd like that.
@toysintheattic wish I could but no money spare 
@toysoldier72 oh no  now i feel guilty. will you be able to smoke after the drug test or do you get tested randomly?
@ToyStory2wasOk The party has to be moved to next weekend  ..stupid weather.
@tozol I'm a postie &amp; can tell you the end of the monopoly has only benefitted big business not the man on the street  Â£6 seems pricey tho
@tpat92 that sucks. 
@tpaw wooo yeah! Sorry to hear you missed out on Origin tickets 
@tpb3jd I miss you 
@tpietruszynski don't no anymore then posted  Hal roseman was @ shw &amp; I asked J Y &amp; he busted out w def nother cruise dates already picked
@tplezya i wish i lived near one  lol
@tpolk02 ...N my trip is June 14th!! 
@tpphotography bonkers isn't it? Pocket calculator + photocell somehow = Â£Â£Â£Â£'s I've been looking for a reasonably priced one but no joy 
@tpphotography Exhausting. Drove 1.6k miles with a 9 month old baby. Yeah, work tomorrow 
@tpr2 Yes sir, I certainly am. Just got 2 the point where wow - July would be 25 yrs since my 1st one. Never imagined I'd smoke this long 
@tPREME noooo  In a hotel on the way
@tr0z my shopping cart is over $100. sale doesn't cover enough shirts. 
@traaan  you love me XD. Rain is awesome! unlike traan :O who is just epic at everything she does DX
@TRaBeezy O.O I have no idea. 
@trabeezy whats wrong 
@Trace027 not a lot ,girls 1st day back today so its been really quiet Ive so missed them 
@Trace027 Yeah, I think the clouds are supposed to start gathering ur way l8r today &amp; then start spilling down rest of UK tomorrow.  
@TraceCyrus  MR. TRACE DEMPSEY CYRUS pls can you reply me ? 
@TraceCyrus : hey,  How are you? When you visit Germany? I want to see you live.. 
@TraceCyrus crap; lots of revising today 
@TraceCyrus How's Japan? I miss you guys.  Come visit me again soon!? xoxo
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/6g6ms - Whhhhhhhhhhy did you take out your angel bites?!  Still incredibly gorgeous.
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7w343 - oh how cute... what happened with him? 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7xor6 - I can't see the pic 
@TraceCyrus I am so ready tho shake it! But I can't be there.  Have to work.
@tracecyrus i cant wait that long!!!!!!!but i guess i'll have to 
@TraceCyrus I just found out that you'll be in Manila, Ayala Malls from June 10-12.  I can't believe I'm going to miss it.
@TraceCyrus I wanna be there for the concert sooooo much!!.. 
@TraceCyrus I was going, but my friend couldnt decide if she wanted to ore not, and then the tickets were sold out. Im so sad 
@TraceCyrus I was totally going to see you in Copenhagen. But its sold out, cause my friend couldnt decide if she wanted to go  Im so sad
@TraceCyrus I wish i could believe that. But, to majority of people, looks are everything 
@TraceCyrus LOL. Your so lucky that your in japan right now!!! I have school tomorrow!!!!!! LOL. I hate school!! 
@TraceCyrus OMG KATY PERRY? &lt;3 I WISH I COULD COME! but unfortunately i don't live in spain 
@TraceCyrus they're going to put an EXTRA tax on alco-pops in Australia  too many kids buying. I LIKE MY ALCO-POPS!! :'(
@TraceCyrus Wish I was there, I'm from Spain but not from Barcelona and I wasn't able to buy tickets for the concert nor flight tickets 
@traceecyruss no.... I miss someone and I can't sleep... 
@TraceeEllisRoss no not at all. I MISS GIRLFRIENDS!!!!  i have all the seasons.
@traceface504 thank you!! omg its so hot here and it's pouring so it's wet and humid! worst weather 
@tracegallagher when I search tracegallagher in &quot;Find People&quot;   Trace Gallagher from Fox News LIve Desk does not come up!   
@tracekase i woke up with a sore throat too 
@Tracenater i'll live in student halls at that point i'm afraid  i'll def find something eventually, i'll just keep looking.
@Tracenater Oh ok. Sounds like a horrible film  I prefer comedies and happy films-films tht I can come out feeling good abt u know???
@traceofspades i miss you terribly.  things arent well. 
@traceofspades my phone is dead.  i left my charger at work on weds.  and i cant get it til tomorrow. call me on travis' tomorrow.
@Tracey11208 I just realized the date. I can't go ill b away 
@traceydukes (contd) drinking...but I really cooked 
@TraceyHewins Good!  .. I'm also watching at the Lottery. Hope win!! Lol !!!! So far no luck!  hehehe
@TraceyHewins goodness! I'm sure it's all the fresh air I got yesterday. I get bad hayfever 
@TraceyHewins i think i gotta go.  i'm really gunna miss you but i'll be on all day and all night tomorrow, I LOVEYOU
@TraceyHewins kool,i havnt got a garden  boo hoo lol i help my mum tho with hers
@TraceyHewins lol that not good 
@TraceyHewins mmm choc chip all gd, just bn timed out 
@TraceyHewins omg very contagious #ChrisFlu aint good 
@TraceyHewins Tired! I may have to go to bed. Trouble is I miss all my American evening friends.     X
@TraceyHewins yeah and wait for it, my mum called me it  she also called me a man whore as well 
@TraceyHewins yeah it hurt my eyes  but they feel better now ive put the glass away lol
@TraceyJ305 I'll call you tomorrow afternoon!! You don't have a nudge link!! Or I can't find it... Hmmm 
@TraceyJohn Oh shit. Mine did that literally the week before Gears 2 released. Sorry to hear that 
@TraceyMmm  can you plop him in front of the tv?
@TraceyMorroll that is true. They just don't seem to care  at least with credit companies they are a bit sympathetic!
@TraceyMozdzierz awwww!  &lt;sniff&gt; Tried to get the t-shirt to you all but we missed the boat.
@Traceyspacey I also don't get extra money. Shame working Saturdays? I'd die if I didn't have that time with my boys. 
@Traceyspacey Lawdy 3 telephone meetings? What a way to start a Monday. 
@traci_nash dude, that movie scared the shit outta me 
@Traci6878 Oh no, that's awful! 
@tracitoguchi Nah not really, feeling it come back on 
@tracitoguchi: @Melissa808: hope little oven is clear! I still see cones out  &gt; &lt;insert suspense music here&gt; lol Thanks for the
@tracitracitraci haha traci's waaaaaasted. i miss college 
@TrackBully &lt;--- is so jealous 
@trackle Even if you do give away two iphones, I probably wont get one, will I?   #trackle
@trackle he already has an iphone.. he's using it to tweet.  what about us who don't have one?
@trackle nooooooooooooo!!!!  why o why!! please tomorrow! let it be tomorrow! #trackle   Congrats @erinm80
@TrackstarGIBSON  he's at work
@TrackstarGIBSON  my phone is acting stupid
@TrackstarGIBSON me2 it is raining &amp; cold again. 
@TrackStarSODMG Why r u sad?? 
@Trackthedog Is this a new ear infection Track?  Do you have to wear the cone again?  I'm sorry your ear is hurting... 
@TRACTAHPULL yea, I'm lost. Over emotional is more like it.... 
@Tracy_1303 anything interesting?? Kytes still dead btw  x
@Tracy_Austin It's bad, but expected news. It won't come as a surprise. Still makes me sad. 
@tracy_detlor at work 
@tracy_mox http://twitpic.com/7pny2 - but it went down 
@tracy_nyc got my hopes up  how cruel of him/whoever tweeted it.
@Tracy_R cilla fell off the stage dancing to aitken drum in the last show 
@tracy_tp i kno !!! like i said i been on the receevin end! api is fair.. this is jus wrong 
@tracy_tp we had no power for an hour here and I'm at a huge motorway services and hotel complex  fingers crossed for you hon...
@tracybegins try my flight to Ireland in TWO DAYS! 
@tracybet haha its really depressing 
@tracyevans Thx Tracy. Hows Filmmaker? Found it but tried all cmd keys avail. No luck. 
@tracylw lol, Thats why I want to read it. Twilight didn't have any 
@tracymacy  yeah, it crashes constanly and you only have ONE face to choose from  
@tracymacy cheers for the idea, thought about doing that but could only get bad quality screenshots 
@tracymacy It's bit more complicated than that. It's a totally &quot;tailor made&quot; design. 
@TracyMarchini - I am *so* sorry we lost you. I went out to the back, felt claustrophobic, went onto the sidewalk, and couldn't find you. 
@tracymckk You fail !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! just kidding. Mine was awful. GRADE 11 DONE! Forever 
@Tracysaurous yup 
@tracytaylor950 What's with all the Google-hate on the morning show.  
@tracyth20 I thought you loved me!? 
@tracytilly they mispronounced my last name when i walked across the stage at graduation! 
@tracytrollop no messaging service 
@tracyvega im on oahu, oh yo i looked at my schedule and sorry dude i have finals the following week 
@TradeMarkOnAir no fair!  u didn't say where at LoL
@TraderJoesBK y'all have had stock issues for a while, it seems? last time i was there (two sundays ago) it was sort of empty too. 
@traderjon TouchÃ©! In our defense,the best women were to be found in Bologna where we weren't prepared. Firenze full of U.S. girls only! 
@TradingGoddess Never heard back from you...don't love me anymore???  
@TradingGoddess Omg! I'm sorry!  Ugh.. im so mad right now.. @jonasbrothers YouTube account got suspended &gt; ARRGH!
@TradingGoddess That would be awesome (went to tweetfest), but that is 45 mins from me and NHL playoff is on.  Next time HELL YES
@TradingGoddess Wallflower was waiting for a dance but TG wasn't looking my way.  And the moon is so full t'nite!  
@tradingnothing Ummmm why do you think I have stayed away for a few days! I have been a mess. 
@TraeIsaac I kno  LoL but I never gain a pound
@Traeonia i miss you already 
@trainright  Hey Chris! Lots of love coming your way from Oregon! So sorry about papi 
@tralam Yeah  it takes up loads of space in the tiny window!
@tramane I'm rockin the touch pro LOL  i still want the iphone but baseband 2.30 is impossible to crack, not even the dev team can do it! 
@tramos29 I didn't forget I just got busy  maybe tomorrow
@Trampolinia Someone told me months ago that Tom Cruise threatened to sue, and they stopped making them.  #RedEye
@Trance_Angel Poker would Kick ass but I am on call so I cant chance it.. 
@trandreww haha its np. i use the iphone w/ twitterific, but it's been weird and telling me my username/pw is always wrong when its not 
@trandreww that sucks  you should try out again!!
@tranghai1 sorry i just read it! 
@tranminhkhuyen yes, it's the only burger I've had tonight. 
@tranquilista Ugh...I loathe riding by those trucks. Loathe it, loathe it, loathe it, and try so hard not to look into any of their eyes! 
@transbay &quot;SFMTA Budget Proposal Hearing: tomorrow, April 7 at 2:00 pm (City Hall, Room 400). Sadly, I cannot attend.&quot; Me neither. 
@transguys: Omg. I really hope the story about Raychel isnt true 
@transiit  Sorry to hear/read that. Do something indulgent today, something just for you. You deserve it!
@TransitionalTee sorry  but if coffee blood infusions had been possible, they would be selling them at Walmart already! I'm good - you?
@transnihilist I know 
@tranvinhnt  thÃ´i, rÃºt kinh nghiá»‡m cho láº§n thÆ°Æ¡ng Ä‘au nÃ y :|
@tranvinhnt Cháº¯c cháº¯n password kg pháº£i lÃ  random generated. Má»™t vá»¥ ráº¥t Ä‘Ã¡ng quan ngáº¡i 
@Trapes did you get it sorted? sometimes i think pp shoot themselves in their foot put up all the charges and then think ppl will stay 
@trash_kitten  solution will be found!
@travam she's really gone 
@travcope  . i hate widows tho . probably... i am gonna get a macbook next month ...
@travcope well I got NO tracking number - and I ordered mine more you two did 
@travel_buzz CityExtra, Circular Quay, open 24hr, excellent stuffed mushrooms and coffee, outdoor heating but no vending beds ... 
@travelbride Your Ice Cube link didn't work hon 
@xxClara dayumm. thats bad news. 
@xxcountrygirl12 my brother doesn't think fred's funny either  it's a guy thing.
@xxcrazyemilyxx emily  what's wrong?
@xxcupcakexo where is your 3G S?  Mine is still in Memphis 
@XXCymbalXX Miss you so much. 
@xxdePinkLadyxx I KNOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JOIN THE FREEKIN CLUB!!!! 
@xXDesXx Ahh i know!  Haha well hopefully i will be on soon too! Stupid house with no air conditioning!
@xXDesXx youre so delirious... Poor baby 
@XxEMxX @natg83 Work problems... 
@XxEMxX And I'm being forced to do the silly gyms concert tonight despite the fact I can't sing at the moment.  I hate being ill 
@XxEMxX I knoww! I missed you  How goes plans for laptop repair?
@XxEMxX Yup 
@xXfatlipXx my ipod has stopped working aswell D: thats all my music ever 
@xXFedXx sigh i know  i wanted to go... it makes me sad cos his grandsons are super cute. they used to be waiters there.
@xxFolieADeuxx its really not  lol and noo i havnt got one on... i do actually have a frozen pie in a teatowel on it tho x] haha
@xXFriendXx Had ice cream last nigh, but we're out now and I want some, tooooooo. 
@xXFriendXx I like his hair in that pic, but his face a little less than usual.  Idk why... He's somehow less adorable there.
@xxfriendxx I wish it was that easy! I really do.  hopefully things will start getting better soon.
@xxfriendxx I wish it were that easy. 
@xXFriendXx Not having the music is what i hate ituns belgium 
@xXFriendXx Oh hun i can hear the samples but i am not able to buy the music untill it is on itunes belgium dont know when that will be 
all smoked. my rabbit is so cute. but he hates me 
all soree 
All square at HT in both cup finals, not exactly riveting stuff 
all test results are clear...which means its viral  all we can do is wait...Jesus keep my daughter in your loving arms, comfort her, a ...
All that effort to get 99,999HP and I only end up with less than 45,000?! DAMN YOU, SQUARE ENIX! 
All that glitters is not gold, and all that Shineys is not Ahuja 
All that nap did was make me even more cranky 
all that pizza yesterday has left me feeling so ill 
All the $8000 Tax Credit Ugly Yellow Sign Mastery Strategy footage I shot last weekend turned out bad. I Have to re-shoot it 
all the bad tippers at in my section today  time for target, tanning, homework, then the hillls finale and mtv movie awards!
All the best to Sami!   #Liverpool
All the business and lack of sleep lately is just a recipe for me being sick.  painnnnnnn....
All the Chimmers have gone  Oh well.
All the cool people I want to find for following today are #English, and I guess the English don't tweet.  
All the easy cleaning things done. Down to the more effort-requiring things like kitchen, windows &amp; floor scrubbing 
All the flights home are logical  None go out of the way. The airline industry needs to help a girl out, to get her some facetime!
All the food in my house has sugar ants in it 
All the GCC 4.0 build settings have gone missing 
All the guys in the office are playing hacky sack. I joined in but kicked it into the blinds. I've been banned.  #productivefriday
All the Jeeves and Wooster epsiodes have been taken off YouTube.  Those were the politest comment threads in the world.
All the kids and I are sick... sigh... no good. 
All the lucky people in the US get to see the New Moon trailer in a mere few minutes. I, like the rest of the world, shall have to wait 
@TravelCoosBay yeah, I had the iphone for 2 weeks but 3 calls to AT&amp;T's customer service was enough frustration for me to return it.  
@TravelDeveloper I know   -- I had to switch to something else.  It looks like the oAuth 1.0a spec will help.
@traveling_gal hey, what's wrong? 
@TravelingAnna Oh, no! I guess the travel itself is worth the fear before the flight, but what a way to kick off every trip. 
@travelingbean you're giving them up? 
@travellerclub 2 dives looking for Hammerhead...we had a &quot;washing machine&quot; current  didn't find them
@travellingsally which one? Saw the lil hussy last night kyri told her he's seeing someone 
@TravelTweetie I slowly coming around, but now Carole and Ray-Man are sick too 
@TravelTweetie TY! Me too! Just waking up. Up really late again. 
@travelwriticus heart bleeds. about 10 C on my travels cross England today 
all the other stores keep calling for shoe checks and I'm dead! 
All the reviews I have read of Transformers 2 have either been undecided or negative. Is it really that bad? I hope not 
All the Sales AEs are depressed around me.  There is a dark gloomy cloud over all our cubes. 
All the short haired halle berry hoes are always hatin on me, my punishment? It always takes me 6-7 hours when I want to jazz my color up 
All the storm has managed so far is to cut off my emails 
All the talk in the office is of the fixture lists just published; feel well out of it waiting for Blue Square Premeirship games 
All the three are KILLED and not committed suicide.Game over, once for all. 
All the times u took me to watch a movie 
all the tweets r filling up my inbox. 
all the way in town, forgot to go by and pick up my phonecharger at work, so now I'll have to go all the way back 
All the women on town look like they have been dressed by gay pirates, in the dark. I have been away too long 
All these BBQ's means I'm basically living on burgers, sausages, and cheese. Unfortunately the accidental Atkins diet is not working 
All these cable channels and there's still nothing to watch. Crap old movies only. 
all these couples makes me miss u more 
all these follow fridays make me feel really unpopular 
all these girls in underwear keep following me  (on twitter)
All these kl games don't come out for months  x
All these talk of bbq's... I want one 
All these things I hate revolve around me.. Why! 
All these tweets about the CMT Awards would be great if I was actually getting to watch them 
All they have is red.   Where is the green love?
all this #iranelection sstuff is so depressing 
All this beer, brad whittle, and no location. 
all this delivery hassle this morning and they send me the wrong motherflipping tv  c'mon newegg, you can do better than this.
all this drawing made me sleepy..off to bed...all my trust is in God missing someone special 
all this grocery browsing is doing is making me hungry!    i'm such a brat.  lol
All this heat is making me eat so much ice cream. I guess all the recent swimming and jogging went down the drain today 
@travis_fulton I know...  it's hard to say whether I was ignoring it before, or if i'm just a hypochondriac, but the tingling is real 
@travisbedard why? what did she do? 
@TravisChambers i can. your phone just doesn't like you. you should tell it you know me. i'm out of wine too 
@TravisGarland @druidDUDE  COOL HUH!! Darn u guys was gonna conquer the charts when everything suddenly went wrong...  
@TravisGarland @EmilyLovesGlee We know he didnt mean it offensively but he should have used his word choice better.  ugh  this sucks
@TravisGarland My opinion for you is subject to change. I am still upset about things and I still dont understand what happened. ily tho. 
@TravisHaight It must be a hard life.... 
@TravisInIndy haha &amp; I missed it. 
@travisjestes  never have good dreams like that.  
@travisjr sory i havent sleep. haha. and furreals they have no class? shame on them. omg now's so not my bed time. 
@travisjr where got. MBS damn hard okay! I'm not super swahlala anymore 
@travisjucebox i got in trouble memberrrr? 
@TravisKaimi AWW NO!  Don't work outttt eat a gordita!!  Or better yet, get two and I'll eat with you  Mmmmmmm.. God I miss Taco Bell!
@TravisKaimi Chillin! Extra slow day at work today  But I'm surviving!
@travisking  i'm such a fattie! xD i want food in general..well...mostly pancakes.
All this Jonas Concert videos..  There making me soooo jealous! November 18th! &lt;3
All this negativity abt the economy is not doing anybody any good. 
All this negativity sucks 
all this rain has me in a funk 
all this rain is making me tired!  seeing danielle tonight! finally!! sleeping next to my babe. DE tomorrow!
All this rain makes me sweeeeepyyyy 
all this stupid stuffs  maybe i should practice more huh
All this talk of &quot;Robin gives the best hugs&quot; everywhere is making me depressed. 
all this talk of football tickets is making me super depressed   
All this talk of True Blood cracks me up. I knew it rocked, but would anyone listen? No. Ari and I went season one all alone. 
All this waiting is really bugging me  i watch a lot of mac mini video on YT and i just cant wait ...... IM GETTING A MAC MINI SOON !!!!!!
all this work an no play  ...Sunday is SOOOO mine!
all this... being aunt of two..made me think.. I'm getting older  oh well!? :/
All those dougie lovers aint gunna be happy  me and mi friend are very sad 
All those poor animals.... 
all those research, typing, thinking, editing, analyzing, concluding.... i only reached 22% work done. This is frustrating  why so hard?!
All those songs just make me realize just how bad my situation was, that I deterred off that happy path for so long... 
All time low are finally in Aust' and mother still wont let me go... i think im gonna cry 
All time low's new stuff is good, but its not their style. 
all tomorrow i will be listening to atl and crying on the inside that i wont be in brisbane to see atl. lololol 
All we have is Cricket in the Uk and baseball here - yawns all round im afraid  http://ff.im/-3tL4S
All we missin is @0CandacENicolE0 
@Travismtv I have a picture at this fountain.  so random but so weird too.... Ah. http://myloc.me/2rps
@TravisReilly just until tomorrow budro 
@travisthrasher Yes! Really love him. Too bad he had to miss BEA... 
@travisWfreeman why are you leaving us??? 
@travln1 Oh no! I hope it goes away quickly and doesn't come complete with any other symptoms. 
@travln1 Oh noes! Give the little munchkin a hug for me 
@Tray115 I think sometime in may? since exams are early this year i dont think its in june idk but ticks are on sale and i have no date 
@trayceeking Wish you were hear.  
@trayceeking Wish you were here!  
@traycy Did you get to attend the thesis GA? I couldn't get out of bed this morning because I had really really bad cramps 
@Trazzle Tickets, not getting them, gutted  x
@TRC_Jessica Poor kids.    Hope they get back to normal!  Enjoy the new bed!!!
@Tre_B still up? 
@treaclelove woah!! you gained a lot!! 
@xxheartbeatx tahtss true  i had the games when i had play staiton.. but no more 
@xxhotstuffxoxo hell yeah.!! I'm so watching! But tickets aren't available yet.. 
@XxImEmOtIoNaLxX  yeah... but we talk all the time... but we wish we could hang out. but we cant. 
@xxitsaoifebbzxx yeah me too  however I can put up with Rachel for reasons listed below hehe x
@xXJess017Xx How was your day? .. .... Grrr now I'm hungry for a Quarter pounder w/ cheese.. 
@xxJordanx just stop talking if ur gonna be that mean 
@xxjulia1207xx iBarista had a technical malfunction this morning .. beta test failed miserably .. had to make coffee myself 
@xxKalishaxx but i thought we were having &quot;special&quot; time 2nit... 
@xxKalishaxx u shood be.... nothin all wk 
@xxkassyxx  so if I dont get pit Im getting the best seats I can!! Fuck they might not even offer pit  just hope, I get anxiety over this
all week has been bad! 
All week i've woken up in the middle of the night drenched in sweat.  
All week long I've been in CA it's been overcast skies, when I leave the sun finally comes out.. Boooo  http://twitpic.com/6f0aa
all work and no play does not a happy Linda make  Can't wait for the holidays!
All work and no play makes Heidi a dull girl. 
All work and no play! 
all work and no play!  boo...  
All you can do is memorize the memories that yur friends left u  Friends Forever, Friends For life
All you had to do Broady was keep the ball in your hand, but you didnt 
All your pathetic tears and lies eventually killed all the butterflies 
Allah yesms3 mink ya nawaal 
Allen dont be such an ass and stop bein mean  LOL
Allen just left... I hate it when he leaves... I miss him so much 
allergeys  the dogwood trees are out to get me
allergic reaction lol i cant eat anything 
Allergic reaction to the flu needle... 
allergic to smthg i ate today i think, kakiku gatel2 
Allergic to something in the garden...now look like extra from Dr Who 
Allergic to, my dad has to get me an appointment for the doctor. Usually my eyes r just watery. Ow this hurts tho!  &lt;Yay!&gt;
allergies are acting up again 
Allergies are fucking up my life 
Allergies are kicking my ass right now 
allergies are killing me.  also, made a friend adder for Stickam.  how rad am i?  my heart hurts. 
Allergies are making me absolutely miserable 
allergies are no fun  runny nose n runny eyes suck 
Allergies driving me nuts. Have to go take wildflower pics today too...and W is going bike riding...so I will have to go alone. 
Allergies gone nuts today.  Not at MAAD Portrait Day today for this reason. Red Dot Museum's air-conditioning would kill me.
Allergies kicked in already. Runny. Nose and itchy eyes  can't wait for a few weeks of this.
allergies on top of a headcold? Makes for a miserable Monday.  MY EYES HAVE NEVER ITCHED SO MUCH.
@TREALradio Oh I wasn't sure. I thought that was someone else's phone...that's why I didn't save the number. Sawwy 
@Treasure_Boxx yea its on back to black i love that album i broke up to that album  WOMP!
@treblah That was a horrible thing disney/pixar did  You go expecting to see a hilarious movie and the first 20 minutes are like SAD
@tredford01 it's looking like it will. 
@tree_climber oh no!   that's so sad!
@TreeFalldesign ooh yes, need wine. Running around driving kids all over place til about 9 so have to wait 
@treehugger14 yeah i know 
@treehugger25 are you okay? what happened? 
@TreeinCally 13.31 (1.31PM) i unfortunatly dont have a cat  want one tho! Hug
@treemama  bad rain! We were just talking about the need for some &quot;tent time&quot; around here. Have a good sunday
@TreenieBean hey girl!!  I'm so happy for you and the man!  We need to do some mail trade sometime!  I've been so busy with school 
Allergies or a cold, either way I'm feeling crummy. 
Allergies r not fun..eyes hurt  I walk outside to go tanning and a group of ppl offer to take me to lunch..yay!
Allergies suck ducks nuts.     &lt;=====8@8=====&gt;
Allergies sucks sometimes. Theres a super adorable 9 month old beagle named Sydney hanging out with my roomie and his friend. Can't pet. 
allergies.  how will i ever get rid of you for good?
Allergies... Lost my voice... 
Allergies? Cold? I have no idea but it's sucky 
Allergy headache.  Why did I blow out that computer with canned air instead of sucking it out with a vacuum?
Allergy meds make me trippy  and i still cant breathe
allez dodo !! demain boulot ! 
Alli doesnt want a twitter  come on!!!! help me make her get one!!!
Allie's leaving  Going out for breakfast soon.
Alligator ally is closed 
Allison didn't answer my texts 
Allison from ANTM cycle 12 is so pretty... I wish I had big doe eyes like that. 
allison is leaving today.  
Allison Janney didn't win the Tony. 
ALLISON SHOULD HAVE WON WHAT THE EFF! 
alll I got to say is OUCH..... Sunburn..and aching body. 
alloww the rain 
allright let's go to work 
allso makin planz to pee on @the_nerdery'z desk. i can haz luv? guess not 
All-State would like to kill me 
allt he fucking reviews of Bruno, are ruining the jokes! 
Almonds and grape juice not actually a good tasting combination 
Almost 10... Yeah, he's not going back online... 
Almost 12 p.m., shower and then sleep cuz tomorrow i'll wake up early  tweet tweet loves
Almost 2.00 clock and I  am still sitting outside with my bro!! last 10 days in Canada 
@treesahquiche okay, about the applepears, I've talked to a few people and they've ALL had them before. No one ever told me, never 
@treesandshrubs which is why we have a ginko tree! Just nowhere to put it. It was a gift and it's still in its pot. 
@treesick ugh, I hate u a little now. Awful movie. 
@TreesMakeShade I knoooow the rain is killin me.  No surf for 3 days now 
@treespotter Ouch!  . Get well soon!
@TreeYourWorld shame! and you're so close to launching  oh well the munney grubbers come out when they see a good thing like the 'your'
@treezatigertron same!! h8 asian features 
@TreezieNAdam totally horriable she remimds me of my mom  hardcore
@trega I KnOW. I didn't take them though. 
@TREINT yep.. But i've been to s'pore for many times already so .. not many places are left for me .. kinda bored these days 
@treitnauer Irish govt has restricted opening hours over here 
@trejsi  set tours!! Can we start planning for next year???
@trekish i miss ust din 
@trekkerguy perfect example of why the studio system is gearing film towards the teenage demographic...low standards &amp; easily satiated 
Almost 2am, school today at 6 and I'm stll awake. Can't sleep, don't know why  Ughhhh, it real sucks
Almost 3 and I'm still not sleepy  gonna sit here a force myself to sleep got work in the am
almost 3 tanks of gas this wk. I think I've single handedly increased global warming. 
almost 8 o'clock and I still need to cook tonight 
ALMOST adopted the baby dachsund. 
Almost always I never hit!  Let's go to bed!! I expect tomorrow be better!!
Almost another dang week done &amp; I haven't yet shipped any of my public pieces! Sigh! 
Almost at school  Then it's time for Physics!
Almost at the doctors 
Almost at the end!  Just season finale left to go for Buffy, and it's the end finale of the whole show... Well, Angel after this! 
Almost At Work  Would Rather Be At Home Watching Rubbish Daytime TV
almost at work, its too sunny to be inside  lets see how today goes...
almost barfed at work today 
Almost bit into a chocolate mousse cake after brushing my teeth for the night. Had to put it back in fridge for tomorrow evening  *sigh*
Almost broke my knee playing air soft earlier. OUCH. All my friends are gonna be gone this week. I feel so left out. Borderline much? 
almost crapped my pants, i should read things before i go crazy! 
Almost cried today. Never thought I'd ever leave the college. 
Almost died! My pant leg got caught in my bike chain while riding 
Almost Doesnt Count!!! 
Almost done all my studying for the night &amp; finally getting some rest .. Chem exam tmro then done high school forever   !!
@trekkerguy What's wrong with PETA?  lolol
@trekkie23 laptop?  not sure. its on loan from my sisters in -aws.  Ours went to iraq with her husband.  
@Trekkygeek Woooooooooooo!! :-D Dude, it was awesome! Been trying to tweet all day but wouldn't connect  We had pretty good seats, and I..
@Trelane_       Sorry you had a rotten day AND you're getting sick. Feel better soon!!
@trelllla good plan! i havent been on JWFR for agessss...feel a bit bad...i will go on there tomorrow! ah tahts such a shame about jobros 
@trelllla sounds yum! that thunder this morning was crazy! that realllllly big one woke everyone in my house up, still raining 
@trelly Juat did.   Yeah, he was crazy.
@TreMag awww man you know I would have been there   how was it?
@tremendousnews Im lactose intolerant. Sucks for me. 
@trenchreynolds Ya, for shame... 
@trendebarbie7 Good Morning Island It's raining here too.  Have a great day &amp; be safe.
@trendebarbie7 ok, that's cool!! If u don't like my name...I'll call u koolkidz!!!! 
@trenni u have a driver  i wanna driver. anywoo, u must've been happy with last night's ballgame results.
@trent_reznor    *gives you some home baked bread*
@trent_reznor  yezzzzz is very bad  
@trent_reznor are you looking to finish up in the US? and give us one last show? or the last date on your tour is the END 
almost done for the day, but have to do some more work tonight and tomorrow 
Almost done in lab oh shit gotta be out and about in a hour 
Almost done moving completely outta  the plex  ... We had some good times there... *sigh*
Almost done notifying those who were not selected for #IgniteBoise2. Why do I have to be the bad guy? 
Almost done packing. i am awesome. oh btw, @taraxmichelle, my lantern is broken. sorry. 
almost done with a site for a client, but very afraid to test on IE8 
almost done with my stage plot! Chillin' with the cat, wishing I could sleep 
almost done with new moon but it's time for me to sleep tomorrow i'll get my hair dyed the pink will be out for a while   night night XxX
Almost done with school!!!! Just remembered i have finals next week  There goes my weekend
Almost done with season 10 of ER  no more roots tho, sexi!
almost done with the new Geek Dads episode... been a busy week, have had to do it a little at a time over two days 
almost done with the paper...then I have to study for finals 
@trent_reznor aww im happy for you sweets.. Im jealous.. wish i was in the same place 
@trent_reznor had a friend that died a few months ago of the same.here is the blog with her last letter http://queridasnow.blogspot.com/ 
@trent_reznor hates the filth the internet brings. Poor guy, if only he could ignore the crap and gimme more music 
@trent_reznor homesick?  welcome back to twitterland, ignore the douchebags.
@trent_reznor I won the Twitter passes for the Indy show but my name wasn't on the list. I couldn't get my stuff or get backstage. 
@trent_reznor I would hate to see you go over it 
@trent_reznor it's been like that since ye olde listserv days 
almost done!!  I'm sad &amp; happy at the same time. lol.
Almost doneee.... My bum hurts SOO much from sitting for so long! 
Almost dropped my iphone screen first on tile!!! 
almost everyone but my class is done with school 
Almost fainted with my low ass blood pressure.  I got some guilt on my mind ... urgh hate that feeling.
Almost fell asleep  now its shower time -CrazyForTheGuy
Almost fell out of bed this morning - not a nice way to wake up!! 
almost fin with sarah connor chronicles #terminator 
almost finished downloading bro! omg, so happpppy! but i don't wanna go school tmrw  i miss little yasmin!
Almost finished with new moon.... If I didn't have to work tomorrow I would totally finish it tonight! Geez... 
Almost finished! With the draft that this. Then clean up starts 
almost forgot my son has the school BBQ today. OMG, that would have been devistating for him to be there waiting for me and not eating 
Almost forgot what it's like being sunburnt 
almost freaking out cause of this damn headache 
almost giving up for it is to be certain that noone gives two hoots about it. by 9am we shall see  partly scared, still.
@trent_reznor says Bonaroo was NIN's last US show ever!  http://bit.ly/GWBzO
@trent_reznor sucks that Apple removed the NiN app 
@trent_reznor sucks that there are so many assholes on the internet 
@trent_reznor This is getting way too high school soap opera. I love you, man, but I'm really thinking about muting the drama. 
@trent_reznor Trent, Im upset....is it TRUE that there will be no more NIN after this tour??   
@trent_reznor why can i stream albums from the iPhone app but not online? I can't find Pretty Hate Machine on lala, spotify, etc... 
@trent_reznor wish i could win this but i aint in the US so      thats why i thought of european language very diff. from english
@trent_reznor...are you really not touring anymore????  my brother told me. I'll miss ur concerts!!
@trent_reznor: What is all this mayhem?!?! You're spending way too much time on the haters   FOCUS. 'Outing' is giving them attention...
@trentvanegas Oh damn. That really sucks 
@TreoBenny ha! I know..I'm very ashamed. 
@treobenny I've been injured!!  - Photo: http://bkite.com/08cIj
@treschicbeauty yes!! i love them but now youve made me want one 
@TrespassersWill I'll probably drop by late then; trying to squeeze in way too much tomorrow before my 1pm flight 
@xxkathyxx YAY!!! CONGRATS  Hope you get better. OMG I just want to take off my braces and throw them away!!!
@xxkonstantine really? it just says 'URI Too Large' and won't load for me 
@xxkristinexxx I only get sin burnt. 
@Xxleelee Leeanne sweetheart!!! ;P How have you been? we aint spoke in a while  x
@xxlogannn Barely! It's been almost 2 weeks  . And yes, haha, she's perfect, I just realized.
@xxLontexx Maaan those commercials are usually up online before they air on TV. I can't find this one though 
@xxloolooxx any vide cnverter it was quick bbut not today 
@xxlottie05xx Omg was it today? Argh sorry I forgot  How you feeling? Well done love! x
@XxLouLou90xX nahhh im not  im just sat here on laptop with earphones plugged in lol, everyones watching something on tv!
@xxloverxx Our aircon no longer works. 
@xxloverxx To be honest, I can't watch it live... I write an exam tomorrow 
@xxloverxx yea - here is the UK buyers site for the windup remote but i cant find a US seller  http://www.gizoo.co.uk/products/avcommu ...
@xxmarypoppinsxx well yeah 
@xxmcr_ladyxx i always am 
@xXMCR_LadyXx pssssssssssssssssssssh..don't be rude and remind me 
@xxmeglovesyoux Lucky. Ive been at the pool the last 3 days but i cant go today because of my lungs 
@trespassmag australia wouldn't be that bad for me too, but it's soo far away... world is unfair isn't  but still beautiful and fan!
@TresselSet which one do you have? i think the diet coke could be substituted if you have the sun! very foggy here 
@trethinksyourok it was mikes idea sorry 
@trev_lucy yeah I'm probably moving back home in july my parents can't help me with rent anymore  even w/ 3 jobs Id thi k I can pay rent
@TreverKeith Hi! This is your annoying-ass stalker from Costa Rica! Remember? Cincinnati? I &lt;3 Hitchens too! Am I less annoying? No 
@trevfee no I know  I use web twitter to do that :s
@Trevian Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. My fam fam. 
@Trevian Oh shit, I'm going to set my reminder for tomorrow on my way to the Galleria. Sorrrrry.  
@Trevian Ugh.  I'll be the bad guy then. P.S I have an idea for your business card. Something simple.
@Trevieness sorry that my blockhead sisters have had their hearts broken 
@trevin No new toys for me for a while. 
@treviott no but I was really friendly!!  
@TREVIsMessedUp 
@trevoryoung imaginary food is never as good as real food though! 
@Trevsmommy oh, that does suck 
@trevward it's cold &amp; wet 2day trev,,,,  shit I can't get warm ,,, was late for work too !!!
@trevward to trev ,,, just had the hangover from hell 
@Trexas yeah i found alot on the web but we have to mostly use the library's database of articles which is doing too well for me 
almost got a new iKOG today... oh well... 
Almost got burned by Gmail's beer goggles app while trying to email my homework. Obviously the homework was not for math class. 
almost got heat stroke skating in the park tonight. Headache, dizziness, exhaustion....and had to stop to puke on the way home. 
almost got in a car accident 
Almost got mugged tonight. Not a good feeling. 
ALMOST got sucked into a Commonwealth Bank &quot;survey&quot; - luckily I'm as good as I am. No HTTPS = no survey. Also, this one was VERY SNEAKY. 
almost had a Nando's Chicken Burger tonight (his favorite South African Fast Food - now in DC), but the line was too long  #fb
Almost had to put my dog to sleep..yesterday was a shitty day 
Almost halfway done...just about half to go... 
Almost hit a deer in the burbs! 
Almost home almost got pulled over twice and I am falling a sleep   well driving in Riverbank, CA http://loopt.us/yHpUbQ.t
Almost home, then off to bible study. Will probably be a bit late 
Almost home....finally....but i have a headache  whats everyone doin tonight?
almost in tears .. god PLEASE keep Tanea Staples in good hands .she still has a life to live down here 
Almost just ran over a kitten 
Almost killed myself on the bench press. I'm getting weak. 
Almost knocked over a mannequin with my FATTY in a store today! could have been a very embarrassing mishap 
Almost leaving Farmington, CT  But going to new haven soon!
almost lost cookie on the way to adds house 
almost lost my voice singing Blondie's &quot;Call Me&quot; on Rock Band...not a great feeling 
Almost midday &amp; have done nothing. Feeling sorry for myself today  Even the choccy bar I had for breakfast didn't help
almost missed David on Larry King..  I'm watching it now thouggggh! &lt;3
Almost never happens: we stopped a DVD before the end because the movie was so bad. Don't rent to netflix &quot;The Breakup&quot;. Totally blows 
@trexsandwich But whenever I see bdsm gone badly I feel all sad and horrible. 
@trexsandwich Money?  Sadly is the only reason I can think of, baby. *pats your head*
@TreyConner aw man i totally would have napped next to you if i had read it earlier  did you try siam?
@treydockery Poor dog   Looks like HE &amp; Katie aren't a match.  Anyone know of a NO KILL shelter in DeSoto County?  Please help!
@TreyEley I dont have 300.  and I have never seen it. 
@trezzer aw bummer  wonder if it will be out at  just about twelve tonight or in the morning
@TriaKayli did I holler right? lol. I was denied from eharmony years ago. 
@trialsmom nightmare  Can I help? We offer hosting and would love to chat to see if we can get you up and running?
@trib  that sounds miserable!
@trib blah! when need some kind of Web 2.0 solution to that CBR fog problem! 
@trib My serious answer is probably equally as unhelpful though 
@tribal_spaceman YES. That one is a nightmare and it is absolutely my most favouritest song from that genre and era.  &lt;3
@TribeBuilder oops, Gina. I missed your tweet. 
@tribemac i update my imac, right? like normal one. then my HDD doesnt work on mac! it doesnt even come up to desktop. what should i do?? 
@TribTotalMedia @pghpenguins I know where you are but I can't get there 
Almost off!  Then home 2 rela... Oh no... The lawn...  
Almost on her way home! I wanna take a dip in the pool but i dont have one 
Almost out of AAA I hate my job 
Almost ready for school. last day at nimitz! 
almost ready to depart for my favorite aunt's funeral. kinda sucks I lost my favorite aunt &amp; grandparent first... 
Almost ready to sell comics. But, I left my giant Diet Coke in the car. 
almost time for a ride. Q: will i get it done and stay dry? A: No. cos my shoes are still sopping from yesterday. boo. 
Almost time for lunch... yay Happy Hot Pockets... sheesh... 
almost time for me to say bye bye... 
Almost time for round 3! here we go, so sad its the last one 
almost time for work 
almost time to go back to real life. The family leaves today 
almost time to go home. Leaving Phoenix in a few hours 
Almost time to go home... work sux. 
Almost time to head into the site entertainment. Blue/red/orange/green coats - you are all gits. Self important gits. Poor rach is burnt 
Almost to my parents house in Tn. When i get there i have to do school work! 
almost to nashville... driving sux lol especially without my ipod cuz it died 
Almost to the end of Mother 3. I don't want it to ever end. 
Almost to work I over slept 
Almost to work. I didn't wanna leave bed this mornin.. I left jnt @ home 
almost tripped  back to treadmilling
Almost two fucking months... 
Almost two years to the day and my MacBook Pro appears to have died. Black screen, won't boot 
@Tricexbaby  I was knocked out I didn't feel good. Did you watch?  :-&quot; you know Stephen is @aidadoll 's type so is that who she gets?
@tricexbaby )))) idk either and I know @ Yao and Tracy :|  Yao don't do nothin but foul anyway.
@triceypooh Doodie Head...front desk duty awww 
@Tricheur11 ;( that's too bad, it was a cool race. i did well, 21:15 unofficial. 102nd male, i know because i missed getting a medal by 2 
@tricia_anne30 ekaa din. when she first had her braces i was like &quot;comfort&quot;. 
@triciaaax3 oh my god! i think that the whole group needs a lot of work! we don't stay together i keep going to fastt.  just dance mostly
@TriciaRuiiiz  no replies yet? )))))
@TriciaRuiiiz diba sabi mo dati im not really jologs?  ...coz we watch dot dot dot )) shuttit! ) plan it? Di ka kasama! Onceamonth...
@TriciaRuiiiz The LAX Club! ))) Don't say that, baka layuan ako   ))
@triciaruth  *hugs*
@triciasays i miss kickboxing 
@trickrtreat Any date on the DVD release?! 
almost work time with no muppy to snorggle  
Almost!!!! Goodness knows I love money, but I sure don't want 2 go 2 work n the morn 
Almost.... Finished...... Decorating,.... My....... Rooooomm.... Shit I'm tired. Got work in 4 hours!!! 
Almost?!?! Whoa @kadyj! I cant believe you thought about it and DIDN'T!!! 
ALO is so sad and quiet and empty tonight 
Aloe has become my new bestfriend 
ALONE AGAiN. 
Alone again. This sucks 
alone and sad 
alone and sad... 
Alone at home...just saw something on tv that made me think about...stuff 
alone at my house. heard scary sounds 
Alone in a hotel in boise. Feelin sad bout leaving great friends in WA   ...said mj
alone in my house..everybody's gone poor me 
Alone in the Dark is really pissing me off now, I cannot do this bit, its solid 
alone in the house 
Alone in the office while everyone heads out to Skamania for 3 days. #pdx rental market is making me stick around to hunt for a new place 
alone on friday...    i better not be alone 2morrow... i need a hug... ok dis movie already booorrriiinnnggg
Alone today 
Alone tonight... 
Alone... Out of school &amp; waiting for edgar 
alone~ so lone~~ly~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Aloney with my oney 
Alonso hits the crossbar again, poor guy 
Aloohaaa @Nilamelodi ..hehe..im wishing to have a vacation like u in lombok.. 
alot of people think it's a hoax, but cats and kittens are being used as live sharkbait  sad
alot of werk to do 
Alota people hate twitter ..peroo whyyy   Oh well. Gnightttt :-D*
Already 365 pages into Eclipse .... sadly over half way through the book 
Already a bit tired and have night shift coming up later 
already a crazy day @ the park.... ouch 
Already back in Dallas...  
Already broke 2 pairs of sunglasses this week 
Already coming home!!!!!! 
Already daydreaming of my bed  ...TODAY WILL FLY BY. 
@xxmixedmodelxx  other than that, how are you doin?
@xXmIxEdMoDeLXx I dont know what ur talking about...I apologize 
@XxMJunexX I'm skurrrrred.  Will you hold my hand and take me? lol jk Ughhh I feel your pain.
@xxmusicjunkie Twitter, if you think about it, is a LiveJournal in a way. You just don't have to write your life's story! Which sucks.. 
@xxNotLikeThatxx 
@xxohmystarz YES YOU DID. WUT HAPPENED. 
@xxooandcookies Relationship issues.... 
@xxorganizedmess Cool... She isn't now though. 
@xxpussy IM SAVING AND I HATE IT. i want a new camera though. but i want the dd stuff aswell.  fml
@xxrachib00xx i cant stop thinking of bonnaroo either 
@XxRochellexX Haha No problem! ;) All jobs are taken tho hun!  Its only for 3 months tho! But at least Ive got something to do now! x
@xxrock_angelxx haha the gigs sold out 
@xxroxxstarrxx but mom said I'm going to auditions anyway. Stupid that you have to have a note to go BACK to school with mono 
@xxRoxy damn!! I was hopin u were gonna persuade me to get out.. I better get heating that milk up!! 
@xXRubyPearlXx really?? yeah i have no idea why!! i want it to stop lol 
@xxsachixx Yeah I think so... 
@XxSceneOXx are you mad at me 
@XxSceneOXx hahha my mom got on to me cus I was on a kids bike. I told her I wanted a bike and she said no 
@XxSceneOXx yea it is but I didn't have that  ummm I'm sorry red bulls are better.
@xxshakexitxx -No &quot;real&quot; boyfriends, and no girlfriends. All of my relationships fail. 
@xxshante   is it good so far?!
@xxsheryl I didn't get a chance to talk to many people actually. Then I got kicked out for no good reason 
@trickyshirls too busy guessing what you would blip next. Naaa, I have ME/CFS so sometimes have weird sleeping (or not) patterns 
@tricycles  That's no good.
@tricycles Fuck the lack of lupus 
@tridium All those post-it notes, all those dead trees 
@trielly So sorry to hear about yr journalist frnd.Am in same situation  tho' yr friend prob diff from mine.May've sent msg 2 yr frnd 
@trifanatical Why are you bummed?  
@triff I moved on what felt like the hottest day on record - it was awful!  Sounds like you need to buy some pledge!
@TriFlaw Aw hope all is well though. Oh my, it made me sad that they lost too.  They were doing soo good there!! How's the business?
@trifluorides it's like when i click &quot;find match&quot; on shoddy, switch to IRC, then deplete my timer 
@trifluorides You're absolutely correct! So why do some still have the opportunity to speak freely when they clearly don't deserve it? 
@trifluorides: I wish I could use those. But because MRSA likes to make its home in my nostrils through my skin, I can't. 
@TRIFORCE89 I hate drawers. 
@TRIFORCE89 I would sooo love to do that, sadly I think my dad would kill me though 
@trifster no, but I should have - whites were sold out. 
@triggerhappy that's so sad 
@Trijnie Happy belated birthday. Was out of office and on the road, so I missed it. 
@trilbylove Perfect to begin ANOTHER day of work 
Already getting Twitter spam. 
Already gone through my  work stuff and bored 
Already got a papercut. 
Already got up  It's #music time! Wes Montgomery - Moï¿½a Flor playing now. Good morning, jazz!
Already half way through my book. Don't wanna read too much of it or else I'll have nothing to read 
Already have a gaming backlog in the dozens. Trying to resist urge to purchase Ghostbusters on Steam. 
already home... 
Already into disc two of EVERYBODY LOVES RAYMOND season 3.. Yep.. This is how I'm spending my summer.. 
already it's 2:00 am  i am going to bed. need to have a good sleep because i should drive 5 hours tomorrow.
already june huh...  half the year is gone.
Already last call?. Fucking Connecticut. Party was just getting started. 
Already looking forward to Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang, yet have to wait until next March 
already lost important keys 
Already miss @taylorrenee07 
already missed her China tweeples  
already misses debate 
Already misses the Dunhams. 
Already missing @megs15 and @avit2 
already missing @p_downing  wish you were comin with me, df &lt;3
already missing Harry and Lincy 
Already missing home  I'll tough it, though. 10 more days... Goodnight! &lt;3
Already missing husband, he's in DC until Sat  glad I have help though
Already missing May's flavor of the month, orange dream, from eegee's 
already missing michigan  &lt;3 you guys.
Already missing my boyfriend!  This is going to be a tough summer!
Already missing my man 
Already missing Pushing Daisies. Watching the musical numbers on youtube. 
already missing yall!!  ... but still keepin' hope.....anyway cannot wait this Friday!!! soo excited !!! 
Already more than 24hrs of FLU 
Already off work and drinking a beer! Wait no I'm not 
Already raining at the concert. 
Already raining prob no softball tn 
Already removed from the cache 
Already six months since I tweeted last time? 
@XxSierraxX I wish.  any closer with saving for yours?
@XxSimmyxX no kidding. i want joe back. 
@xxslindyxx we want to see pics of the new Commack Deli! I still think he should have called it Georgie's 
@xxspecial_k that sucks hon  but yeah, paying $150 to get a cavity filled is way better than the few hundred a root canal costs
@xxsteebiexx lol i know i wld like to get a reply from seann william scott but he dont reply  and hes one of my favourite actors
@XxSuperHansxX Sadly, I have a passionate hatred for dance music 
@xxtarafitzxx good to know im not the only one who has it anymore! 
@xxTaSh i'm already missing you  one week without my little bitch... that's gonna be horrible...
@XxTiffanyxX aww why's it been cancelled?? 
@xxTracyyyxx yeah i will if i keep putting the key terminology in!!! haa that's all he goes on about. i have had killerrr hayfever today 
@xxtRaGiCmEsSxx me too, kindaa 
@xxTylerxoxo ugh, don't talk about food.  I'm so hungry and my mom was like &quot;figure it out&quot; and I was like &quot;yes, with my imaginary car&quot; xD
@XxWoOoHoOxX Hahahah Ahhkk We will Lol . . .Wish U wer Cumin Too Do Lol Sry  . .I Wonder If We'll Find Our Way :O Hahahah
@xxxkairixxx help me out, c'mon, our sis is saadd 
@XxXLa_MenOrxXx wow sorry 2 hear that ma  I'm at werk tambien! I was debatin on whether 2 call u last night to sayy HII! Pero I didn't!
@xXxnicci95xXx haha its ok about last night i understand, but what where you doing??? and today has gone really fast 
@Trilingual_CIT I wish I were SOMEBODY'S boss.. not that much responsibility yet 
@TrillentsKaDe Damn you are going through it. 
@trilliannext whats in new york in november (besides you!) cant remember if youve told me already! shame we're not there the same time 
@TrillSouth LOL, awwwh, yes u do! And u on my faves list!  See, I knew I'd forget people  It's too many of ya'll now...
@Trilobitten Hi, Marek. Good to meet you. I like trilobites, too, and have personally collected marine fossils from New Jersey; no TBs 
@TrinaMLee I did it the hard way    looked at who I followed then clicked on everyone individually.  then hit &quot;remove&quot;
@trinarockstarr and so u know the weather isn't the best in our city right now  hopefully it will clear up later
@TrinaWright that's no good 
@TrinaWright Well yeah. But my hands have been fused together, rendering the keys more than useless. The key is literally in my pocket 
@xxxsteviexxx me lmao weird, nick was just quiet :L then me and kevin went in my garden and played with my dog haha wish it was real 
@xxxSupermodel awwww what's wrong babe? 
@xxxSupermodel LOL!! I used to have all the &quot;Too Hot For TV&quot; VHS tapes...yeah they werent hot at all  LOL
@xxxxposerxxxx no, i'm not! 
@xxxxxkarlaxxxxx - No She Isnt! - Say it Isn't So!  - Gretta Is an awesome Name!!! Peaches??? WTF???
@xxxxxkarlaxxxxx - Right now I'm just plain Scott Tomson! 
@xyster why would you need pdanet if you can use your 3G tether. As for me, it looks like my EDGE tethering is screwed and gone then 
@xzashley I miss you. 
@xzchief Sigh. And people wonder why I don't particularly care for LA. 
@xzenax Bad times for everyone  Whywhywhy do we have to write essays  No fair!
@xZullyZombiex I know 
@xZullyZombiex Okay I'm trying, she's not giving in though. 
@y0david6 Urgh, they're trying to turn it into Britain's got talent I swear 
@y0mbo That's cruel   Thought you were dead-set on Gencon over #BlogIndiana
@Y2Amber  I hope you get better soon
@Y2Amber Meanie. Of course I would love some. Please 
@Y2Amber So many tears...Why oh why? 
@Y2Amber That's good. So you went crazy without twitter? 
@triner He does not high-five  He just plays a character that's Todd-esque
@triner yea, i liked @faffypants $100 ones better 
@triners Oh, wine. I miss wine. It makes me sick now.  I know, I tried!
@trinibwoy718 awww my trini no esata bien bendito  too bad i cant fly in and make u feel better
@TRINIDAD_III crazy huh? i'm guessing muy sabroso means very tasty?thanks again for coming up sunday...you missed the jam sesh late night 
@trinidiva83 ...hey there! i'd like to ask the same question coz' i think i can pretty relate to the lines of the song 
@Trinity_B WAS my fav. follower  haha o well
@Trinitykb I feel like crap. Hung over  LOL
@Trinkett there I was trying to prevent people beating each other... I thought we were gonna win, but we just let it slip away 
@Trinklebean Maths are now the What's On fellows' strong point. ;) Incidentally, I DID lose 1 kg, and they didn't mention it. 
@trinsgarcia miss you mooore! 
@trio25 well being a studenty type i have to say you get used to it eventually  just gotta enjoy those free pleasures
@Triona Have just switched to o2 for better service. Vodafone only axed roaming for summer months. Ends in Sept 
@Trioxide oh no... oh no no no. i didnt buy the smores, they were given - and they look to be OOD.  the others r still good
already starting to stress about exams 
already sunday.....i hate sundays 
Already up  have to get to the fields EARLY today
already up n getting dress 2 go 2 work (sighs) awwww...it's 5:30 am 
Already up..&amp; outta my house.  Today is mother's day and I won't even see her 
Alright everyone! I have to go do my hair  Business meeting tomorrow I usually roll in wearing my pjs lol they let me go since i work hard
Alright friends, must now leave the Twitterverse my alarm clock sounds off in a few hours  *sigh*
Alright going to bed now... Hopefully tomorrow will be better, Night 
alright i need to start studying. shitttttt. 
Alright i should go to bed... i have cakes to bake in the morning and can't even have any myself  sucks ha ha ... night god bless x x
Alright I'm done spamming. Back to work! 
Alright i'm heading to bed now i have to be up in less the 4 hours  
Alright let's get this bullsh*t that people call work out the way. Man I wish I was still at home in the bed!!! 
Alright let's see what they say about my foot. 
@TripleB Thanks. Have no idea what's going on 
@tripledeckher  just saw a trailer for a remake of Fame.  Does not look good 
@Tripledee84 Hey Bella, this is my new account. I hope you are feeling better  Sorry you missed Russell Peters.
@triplehark no MY rat ... have some compassion 
@triplejbrekkie I'm trying my hardest not to think of Splendour, the thought of it hurts me. Being a poor HSC student is a disadvantage 
@triplejdools I'm sure a million people have already told you its Toche not Taachi...  
@triplejdools me! I'm looking forva flatmate... I don't think Ghostface Killah knows that I am though 
@triplejdools oh SNAP i thought you said that coz they lost!   Still got 5/8 for my tips tho 
@triplesix_ You never send me huge messages! 
@Triplevowel aww pookie... It damn sure does though I feel your pain 
@tripnhazy  really sorry for your news. best wishes to you and yours!
@tripnhazy Sorry you're having such a bad day.  
@tripper63 Welcome...have a lil headache 
@Tripzy IT DON'T MATTER ANYWAY ALL @VH1HOOPZ WANTED FROM ME IS A SCORE  LOL
@TriSandy Get better  I have having that feelin'. He said his name was RAaalphhh haha
@TriSARAHt0ps what are you getting done now? Your poor mouth 
@trisaratops2009 miss you too!!  Love your new hair
@Yaaraina oh nevermind, i thought you were talking about someone else. BAWW 
@yaboiksar Sketchers.  They are comfy and will last awhile.  I need new shoes, but am dead broke.  My shoes are falling apart. 
@yaboypstew soo u left KYS b4 I got the chance to intern wit u  Where u at noww??
@yacitus haha, look at your tracking number now. well, that clears things up 
@yadavamit @shivamsharma i envy you guys!!!  i cant watch it on tv!! but i miss salam and aamir working together, they are so funny!!
@Yael_80  poor you im sure it wont be that bad
@Yael_80 I miss rain so much 
@TrischzReeves huhuhuuh. it's my DREAM to go to Paris!!!!  wanna see the people. food. the sights. ohh the EIFFEL tower (
@Trish_7 how come Allie knows him and I don't?! I feel alienated 
@trish0400 yay! i've refreshed the page like 50 times and i still can't get in. 
@trish1972  i hope they lawyer can help.
@Trish1981 I remember that movie, the ending was sad 
@trish4882 boo country! 
@Trisha_Lynn hey hey trisha!  havent seen ya in a long time! 
@trishaanyndhita but i love adriana 
@trishallamzon The fro-yo store nearest to my place is at Rob pa. I want something cold! Btw, the whole h1n1 incident in dlsu is just 
@TrishAnger  I forgot to bring the recycling in today  
@trishapearson all business today and prob tomorrow   Someday I'll break free of the grind.
@TrishaRivera aw, thanks Trish. sorry about your chem grade though.  why does twitter hate you?
ALRIGHT PPLZ!!!!!! IZE G2G!!!!    BUT DONT FRET!!!! I'LL BE ON TOMORROW!!!!!!
Alright so monster squad movie still rocks! I am sad to leave NC but it's coming up on saturday faster then I thought 
alright this is getting ridic. I have used 5 of these oil-absorbing sheets from Clean &amp; Clear in ONE HOUR. I hate my oily skin 
alright time for bed headed to Oxford tomorrow to pack some and work Saturday...I really do miss that town 
Alright tweeps I'm out. Gotta be up for work in 4 hrs!  goodnight!
Alright tweethearts Im going to bed! I have LOADS of homework to do and stuff  Tweet ya in the morning! Smooches!
alright weekend, feart to check my bank but 
Alright!  Back on the road with 2 keys for my car!  Set me back Â£130 quid though... 
Alright! I'm sooo ready for Wendy &amp; Kenda to get back on town.. 
Alright, fine, I guess I'll just hang out with my family all weekend 
Alright, gonna play The Sims 2 first.  Tweet ya'll later. Still stoked about getting Sims 3 next week! And my new phone. ;)
Alright, gotta make a quick list of the approved foods I gotta pick up on my way home tonight; e'rything under 200 calories &amp; no bread! 
@yaeljk yeah I doubt she'll attempt to go. This diplomatic thing is very complicated. 
@yaerinie I want to... but I'm so busy!!!  what are you doing over summer anyway?
@yafavhoodstar LMAO awwwwww ya my babbbbby lol ima come steal you.I'm havin a bad day  rememba tha shit I was telln you on aim? niggas..
@YaggaYow My vacations are not until november.These five year olds are kicking the hell out of me. I am sooo tired 
@YaGirlCedes Frankie V is on crack! (sorry FV) J/K!  CRAZY! :/ Single.......hmmmmm Let him know..he won't listen to me 
@Yago32 so sorry to hear that 
@YaGrlDimplez  long story
@yagulmez I wanna phone call too 
@yagulmez yea i just got outta one too....i want him back tho  but i feel the same way...i'm cool on dudes for a lil while
@yahelc Turns out tomorrow is Father's Day (who knew?) so my brunch plans are being paternally hijacked 
@yahooprofiles Y! profiles are awful. Tried it. Didn't like it. Will go elsewhere. Archives have been preparing for download for an hour 
@Yahyaahmadi wish I could be there now 
@yahyan  yahyan: @supremacii iaaaaaaaaaaaaan, i was just joking 
@yahyan are you goin' to say somethin' that will hurt my feelings 
@yahyan then why did you tell me &quot;i love you&quot; a few minutes ago? you hurt me again... 
@yahyan well since you're ignorin' me i'm just goin' to go to bed since I don't have anythin' else to do, g'night.. I love you........... 
@yahyan where did you go babe? 
@yahyan you made me feel worthless again with what you just said...  my grandma grandpa and aaron are in the living room
@Yahzarah I am sooo mad at myself for being out of town and missing the show tonite  Please do a &quot;Yahzarah&quot; recorded &quot;Live in Detroit&quot; CD
@Trishinspace you are welcome! I'll be listening in if I can! I'm dreading this morning. It's water day at school. 
@TrishMalkin Snow! Wow! Not good. 
@TrishTash I can't see it until later today. Boo on waiting 
@TrishTheDish i didn't see that one when i went looking!! i was sad...so i ended up buying another one. 
@TrishToxin awe... I wish there were something more i could do... 
@TrishToxin u kno how that makes me feel when ppl call me that 
@trishtype just be happy you have your health.  apparently i do not 
@trishussey I doubt it's css as the plugin doesn't do anything to that. Must be headers conflicting with something. Dunno what. 
@trishutup you call me! i dont wanna interrupt the last night with nilla 
@trishvegas I can't afford it 
@trishzw megafast trip, you have time during day tom/weds? Or, you going out tonight? Want to see you bad. Tried to warn you, tech fail 
@tristafantastic You should send me a copy. Because I'll have no money after I buy my laptop 
@tristangray tookmy bike to mcqueens. Colored chains were 50, and they only had burgandy 
@tristanhilliard oh nos, what happened 
@tristanisneat yeah, i read about that last night while in search of some protests. seems like i missed a big one in SF last weekend 
@tristankent Yup. And He's Our You (  ). But the directing on that episode was awesome.
@tristanking19  you should try taking some nyquil if you have it..sleep that sucker right off. its the only thing that works 100% for me
@TristanRose True. Yesterday I mentioned those words in a tweet &amp; within 3 seconds I had 4 new bot followers 
@yakobusan Twitter is ok is you use https, but Flickr is blocked 
@YakuzaBento oh and guess what? my volume button fell of the other day. I'm volume control less 
@YallcancallmeK dammmit! BK  ill be there one day....lol. Have fun with that contact...I could use that right bout now.
@Yamanaka_Ino whats up?  x
@YAMANBIG3STFAN ..work, Fr: my friggN frien all LeavN me &amp; gettiN Married &amp; b4 my Grind Season starts again where its all work No play  
@Yamanenko re. hunger // ha!  I agree, I was hungry too, but eating at midnight makes digesting unfun!   Hope you enjoyed your bun....
@yamerias Sorry 2 hear Transformers was so bad  Well, have no clue about the story, so hope springs eternal ;)
@yami_mami And u still aint followin me!!! I'm sad!!!!! 
@yami_mami lol me to I need to get the apple store to fix my Mac 
@yamstersg What, you mean they're bringing in a new Yamster?  But I'm fine with the current one 
@yanaVSvanya awww. hows the photoshopping going? i miss you guys so much!  can't wait to come back to see you all and have some beach fun!
@yandelle Yeah, ur prolly right. 
@yaneri  I still can't picture it
@Yaniill Omg are you serious. We could've drank it 
@yanijonas i'm not so sure......just too bored at work yesterday...people just don't have to money to buy build-a-bears 
@yaniqueyen yea hopefully  i going on a interview thursday tho hope i get d job
Alright, guess not haha 
alright, I am off to bed, alot to do tomorrow before the show 
alright, i'll cook something! or i'll die! grrrrrrrrr where is my italian friend? 
alright, i'm forcing myself to lay down.  yet again, the only one left awake.
Alright, ONTD is crazy tonight, poor Letterman post 
alright, repairman has not shown up... hopefully by the time I get home from vacation it will be fixed (since I'll need to use it then!) 
alright, silver medal in the games, no problem 
Alright, so worse than a girl being unclear about a date is a girl canceling our date the night before it happens. I stand corrected. 
alright, time to go see car crashes and stuff. i hope Li doesn't crash. and my deaf ear tickles, it feels bad 
alright, twitter is high on crack and won't work 
Alright, well, I spent all of yesterday again far away from my computer   But today! Today I shall come back to twitter and all of you. 
alright, what's up twitter? i haven't gotten any messages sent to my phone in the past two days and i know my twitterers are twittering! 
Alright. I listened to you guys. (= hair's straightened. Hehe. Gah i'm like exhausted..  happy 4:20!
@yaniratree sorry you couldn't come with to d-land! 
@YankeeGirl20 besides I haven't had strep for like 10 years because of that reason. I'm more tired than anything else 
@YankeeGirl20 good point  what else are you loving to do? what did you do?
@YankeeGirl20 no fair  some people r just mean
@YankeeJosh I got coerced into singing last weekend at a party but I'm only up to about 2 1/2 octaves. My poor upper range.  (and thanks!)
@YankeeMegInPHL I'm not humming anymore...  
@YankeeMegInPHL ur right! I'm being punished  still doesn't helpp...
@Yankeez noooo I played last week. Camping now 
@yanksfan24 how did it happen? And OMG who are they putting in? I have little faith in the bullpen 
@yannleroux : quakelive.com &quot;Support for Mac &amp; Linux, along with alternative browsers is under development.&quot; 
@YannoriETS   I can, but I have to be careful with landings.  It's more that I have to wear ugly shoes and it hurts.  
@yansie02 ha 58 followers  thxs for the positiveness(:
@yanting I was going to advise you to walk around the corner to find a street-vendor... but I just remembered you can't go anywhere 
@yantoporter awwww meee toooo 
@Yaoi415 @LumaLynai @XfailuretoliveX i'm feeling REALLY drappy. i turned my com off for a couple of days and my phone is off 
alright. meeting time.. not a clue how long this one will be.. 
Alright.... Time to work again   Well at least my laundry is done and ready for packing. Now I have to do dishes before my trip. lol
alright.....i need to put the addiction to rest until tomorrow!   I will be dreaming about you twitter &lt;3 goodnight
Alright...i gotta go. be on tomorrow if my mom doesn't take internet away. Pray that she doesn't. 
Alright..back to work. Yaay 
Alrighty, now its time to go get dinner. Chick fil a it is. =D I wish this headache would go away 
Alrighty...played some CoD...watched some movies...now what to do? I'm slightly hungry and bored. 
Also .... Kim Kardashian's butt? Very real and very fabulous. I should be so lucky. Mine is flat and square. 
Also a day I don't want to end because I'm not at all thrilled about working tomorrow. 
also annoyed she cant go to scouting for girls OR boyzone with @emily1384 as she in in france 
Also anybody got a cool hotel to stay at in NY? like cool boutique spot or something...too much planning for my brain 
also at PA a producer waz supposed to look at me fo ra movie called the Hollow Tree.. he didn't show up!!!!  
@tristansmom103 LOL too funny- actually when I looked at the pictures side by side it is true 
@TristanTaormino Ugh! A little more notice from them might have been nice. Sorry it's screwing up your week 
@tristanwilds HANGEROVER!!! i'm pretty sure a lot of people have been telling you how funny that movie is. And UP! it made me cry 
@tristanx Same here... didn't think he'd go out like that 
@tristybby i want to 
@trisulo why didn't you come yesterday to my house? 
@triveraguy Had to reinstall everything. Most didnt work anyway needed 64bit version. 
@trivialbenj the latter. And you use everyone on your bench and lose by giving up a 3-run homer in the top of the 18th. 
@trix_mcrmy That's not nice  -hugs-
@trixakaretard aint taking me  LOL having fun GURLS!
@trixar_za Those generally happen because of shared connections and infected PCs   Email support &lt;at&gt; freenode &lt;dot&gt; net details.
@trixie360 3 horny kitties just followed me. fml 
@trixie360 DANG!  I had date of impact..
@trixie360 I miss Trixie not being there 
@trixie360 I saw the last community closeup til u come back.  Good luck, Drill Sgt. Trixie360!!
@trixie360 I think it might melt by the time it gets to you  I really want to track one down though!
@trixie360 I want my live back 
@trixie360 No it didn't   Oh I meant to say on my previous twit to you.  You're beautiful...  But no it didn't any idea why?
@trixie360 oh sure....rub it in that I got denied to try the beta....G029 is not cool!!!  Hopefully I have better luck Saturday 
@trixie360 Still wonky, haven't been able to download my gold Ghostbusters Proton Pack 
@trixie360 that was meant in jest. I had the missus crying earlier reading your link about the Zimbabwe girls.  A bloody disgrace!
@trixie360 trivia? Working, no computer! 
@trixie360 well the code I won last night still does not work and it says its been used already. Should I keep trying, even though i won 
@Trixie78 HAPPY MONDAY! I think there is no better way to start a week than with passive agressive e-mailing! Lucky you! 
@trixiecarson oh shit bonaroo! Some buddies of mine just went to that.. man what I wouldn't have given to have been able to go 
@trixiefirecory aaww don't be sad 
@trixietraci well depending on when you leave I'll go, have to work til 10:30am though 
@trixtia I have no idea. Maybe it is? But the video was taken years ago... but still! 
@trixtia Sadly yes  maybe I can do trigo and chem but math no :O
@trixtia Whew. But look at the comments in the previous site I gave you. They reserved tickets already.. Maybe because they're celebs? 
@trixxaayyy Filipino is so deep. :-B I think I can do it I`m just lazy. :-j ) @vippartyboys It`s really, really, REALLY confusing. 
@Trixy98 haha, i really feel sorry for you, hun  did u get to go to the hospital?
@TrixyFirecrackr same here ... 
@trmb Now I want an oreo. 
@trmink We'll six word w/o him if necessary.  But not nearly as fun.  
@trnsgrl09  Some people can be idiots.
@trobin40 calgary  its not much snow, but still!!
@Trobo1 dude, hasn't finished on free to air 
also daddy is back in turkey 
Also decided against the Online Fashion 100 party after spending 2 hours stuck in traffic on my way home 
Also Desperate Housewives in such a completely crap show. Why do women love this toss? 
also exboyfriend was at sasquatch while we were  ew
also found out theres an Arizona Wet'n'Wild...operation starvation has to be kicked up a notch. 
Also got a letter from Medicines san Frontiers, who we also sponsor... apparently life EVERYWHERE is pants.  I want happy news, MSF!!!
also guys @sneakybitch is back  lets not pay them anymind and all have fun!!!!
Also have company meeting coming up.  
also have to file down my nails today. my hands are going to look like a male.    
Also having issues coming up with the money for the stupid study and lawyer isn't helping things either.  stupid test!
Also heard about #spectrial  is there anyway to donate towards their fine? http://tinyurl.com/cj3s2d
also I am at 80 karma and no ninja emote  http://plurk.com/p/11fm20
Also I am re-evaluating my longtime stance of &quot;there's not as much sexism among gamers as people say&quot; 
Also I burned my hand on my sister's curling iron! 
Also I had no idea I could watch it live  but I think I have too many torrents running for that.
Also I have lost taste for food 
Also just decided I need a boyfriend. Looked at the trash like &quot;Damn, I gotta take all of that out? Hmph!&quot; One downfall to being single. 
Also just got a parking ticket 
@Yaoi415 your time is fine. i'm not doing anything in CST anyway. i'd rather be in the PST, if you catch my drift. *SIGH* 
@yaraju Wow, i missed that  I've never seen a 3-D movie..may be Harry Potter in July...
@YaraW are you mad at me?! 
@yardgnome736 Wall-E didn't make you cry?  Do you not have a heart?  
@yarngnome hey lindsay- i can't come today   they called and i have to go into work earlier  
@YarnThing Hope she turns up soon! Been there before and it's not fun 
@yarntopiadiva  I'll be so sorry not to see you! I hope you're mom is doing okay!
@yarrrrdley dude, i'm rideless and bummed. i really wanted to come party with you 
@yaseminx3 i know. im so sorry for charlie,he looks so sad and confused when she leaves him 
@yaseminx3 LOL your lucky no school tomorrow or friday and you get to wear your own clothes i have 2 different uniforms  summer&amp;winter &lt;3
@yaserawan well.. Pakistan played pathetically in 2007 worldcup and exited after the first round and got their coach killed  #t20
@yasexy 5sum and I aint know about it!!!??  smh
@yasexy aww am not cool enuff  LOL
@yasexy I'm good but mad sleepy and cant get to sleep 
@yasexy i'm lightskinned and last time i was rubbed in a sexual way was by my chiropractor 
@yasexy mannnn I gotta find sumtheenggg!!! Ugh 
@yash2989 Wats wid so many tweets man!! Haha.. I Hate Kareena tho.. Wat a ugly sucker!! Yuck   
@Yashiyama my old artworks are absolutely crappy as well :T no decent anatomy and shading. blehg 
@Trobo1 Yep - just gotta move furniture tomorrow but the boxes are all done! Cleaning tomorrow too 
@Trogdor151 yeah, there were too many stories left to tell, can't fight cancer so well when it's in the bones 
@TrojanCentaur ack! That sucks majorly.  cookie?
@TrojanMayhem Ham was the name of my pet cow. 
@tromboneforhire Aww........just a tad too far to meetup. And just pictures  of the Zune. 
@tromboneforhire im just tired 
@tromboneforhire just whats ever on the radio  but no new music 
@tromboneforhire lol thats true! 
@tromboneforhire nooope  its long gone. getting an iphone soon
@tromboneshinobi nope, didn't see it.. i couldn't find it anywhere  
@TronjanHorse they SHOULD, but I'm selfish and don't want to wait that long. I wont cave. 
@tronlord  I know...
@trontrozboz sorry to bring in up 
@TropicalBlend Damn, i wish i had 30 blunts! lol, i only got 3 for today 
@Yashrocks they never come to australia 
@Yasmeiin Me toooo! I'm sorry but how can I help if I don't get a fuck of it either  We're so screwed tomorrow 
@Yasmine32068 it's raining here after 3 days of sun and 80s. 
@YasmineGalenorn @YasmineGalenorn I haven't even had a chance to get Tori's new album  Too. Much. Work. *Grrr*
@Yasotaro Sad face   Mysteries drive me insane.  Maybe one day I'll know the real truth behind the wise little money w/ glasses.
@YasserAlHawaj madry bass chithi agool lol i was ther in winter OK lol but no i had to do this test thats y i cudnt come  i dunno wher yet
@yassoma good for u mash'allah .. my sister didn't finished it yet and I'll have to wake her at 3 AM to complete the last chapter 
@yat4ever - I regularly watch the CSI shows...I like the writing. Nothing that interesting on the networks these days   Hate Reality TV!
@yatsoon what time did u leave? I missed my last bus, too lazy 2 go back up so cabbed...  heart pain so ex plus I'm broke
@yauhui urgh. worse thing is if i dun get it by dinner. i hv to sit at dinner table with sour face from dad and sis (who paid 1/2 for it) 
also just got back from my sisters house, noah wont let me bounce because he wants to &quot;go with unthle dave&quot; breaks my heart every time 
also just hanging right now?? just bored hahaha didn't have to work again today this is different....  no hours no money lol whatev
Also mad because the insurance isn't paying for our lodging and food anymore. Stupid liars.  Dad is pissed.
Also made a rare apprearance in ma dream this morning...I was just about to give up my feeling towards him 
also my kid has 2 teeth coming in. 
Also need my dads old phone 
Also officially in traffic. 
Also on the list of heart-wrenching make-me-cry movies is &quot;American History X.&quot; The scenes of violence reminded me of the Neda video. 
also realized that its 2 in the morning, ive been tweeting wayyy too much, and theres a dead frog in the house. 
Also RIP for my little renault bertie, it may b the end of the road for him! no money for a new car either!  nobody giving away free ones?
Also saw the new wolverine movie last night. WTF @ Deadpool. 
Also see: pretentious, stuck up, highly opinionated and general pain in the worlds arse. Indie is the new scene 
Also seen the trailers for Transformers 2. COOL!!!  Wanted to take a half day to see Terminator Salvation but the boss is in town so 
Also SO nice to see @theambershow and @ikrissi! Sorry I missed you, @banannie 
also stop talking to me with that cute young adult voice, damn printer. WHEN I INSTALLED YOU IN ITALIAN YOU HAD THE VOICE OF AN OLD LADY 
Also too much candied ginger, agh. It was supposed to be for curing motion sickness on the bus, boo. 
also visited elderly father yesterday. He's in pain, thin, shaky, and very emotional. Upsetting to see him like that 
also wants a new mustang... 
@TropicalBlend I cooked dinner! Yay me. Otherwise I woulda starved 
@tropicalxashley check your inbox plz 
@tropicalxashley lol srs 
@tropicalxashley lolfail 
@Tropicando Doubt it. But it's apparently not as thorough 
@tropicany cried too at the end. So sad, it never gets to know you know who... 
@TROPIKANA good me too! im gonna call u tomorrow before i go to the dentist  so u can update me on ur 1st day back lol
@trosales http://twitpic.com/7uo3w - what on earth is sienna going to do w/out goldie?? 
@troubalex Sorry, we see  this twitter account is for you personally. Should we follow another for #qt4 community events? Are we alone? 
@troubalex: Wow. When will they make a law against forks and knifes. Both of them can kill 
@troublebrother  I like those pics of the  Red Bull Air Race. Don't think they are coming this year 
@Troubleclef02 You know what, I will sometime soon.  It's just a bad time to visit now. 
@troubledblondie yeah F THAT! no more up do's till next week when we have a wedding party 
@TroublemakerSup @SinnamonS :-| I repeat I didn't even do nuffin  sadness
@TroublePandaPR AW 
@TroubleSum it is to bad the old people had to go  LOL
@troupedancer awh  that will be my myspace song on Thursday . . Kym. There is only 4 days left.
@troy_davis i'm @ the airport right now got a 4:30 flight back to AZ. I was parked on the street at my friend's apt. near my high school 
@Troyaof I know huh?! That is a sad story 
@TroyBarrett Good Evening Troy- Just waking up here in NYC.   Hope u had a lovely day.  BTW what happened to your pic, its gone 
Also watched 'Analyze That' and disappointed  I was expecting it will be as good as Ananyze This.
also what the hell is an IllegalAnnotationException? Why do I keep getting it? Lack of documentation / examples is killing me 
Also wish I had cable so I could watch the Taylor Swift/TPain collaboration tonight.    Sad.  Someone please TiVo it!!!
also wishing i could stay up for imprint tomorrow but have an exam 
Also would like a nice belt ... i'm finding too much stuff i should buy if i had money   
Also! Swag bags have, like, Pantene. And we didn't even get one 
Also, &quot;Transsiberia&quot; is the worst movie EVER! Yes, worse than &quot;The International&quot; 
Also, @hulu interface needs serious UX/UI attention. Is there a 3rd party tool to clean up subscriptions? My unsubs won't go off queue! 
Also, a bit worried about @idlemichael and his leg. 
Also, according to Facebook, tons of people are coming to show on Friday. I want to go to a Pride Week talk Monday, but have to rehearse. 
also, after sleeping for 12 hours just now, i dreamt i was dating the married @timheidecker - it was scandalous but SO HOT. i'm awful 
Also, am I the only one annoyed by all the squarespace (and no, I won't hashtag that...) spam? Imagine if more start using the same idea. 
Also, apologies to anyone trying to get at my Teamspeak or blog. Server is down and likely to remain so for three weeks. 
Also, because of an error in my activation key, still FeverÂ°-less  #Fever
also, burnt her tongue taste testing haha. 
also, currently listening to the radio broadcast of the jays game. really miss going to the games  went to 10 last summer!
Also, David Cooks brother died  RIP AC
also, does anyone know of a more efficient way to check @ replies? am i sposed to get them directly to my fone? twitter's confusing! 
also, found cute jean overall skirt thing, too short for Maia now tho  can't find her jeans, as usual...
Also, how depressing, my mum has a better social life than me 
Also, I found a great place to have exhaust work done, and it won't cost a fortune. I definitely got CO poisoning today. 
@YauMannn  Yeap  I came in and shes all cant talk and bedbound and such &lt;/3
@yawnerddn browsing and twitter are heavily frowned upon at my new place 
@yaxenduff I wanted to! But opted for going in the morning later. 
@yay4bnl what?  That's insane. Good way to freak everyone out 
@yaya_yachiru I am quite awesome today. It's hot as hell out tho  how are you? I met you at colossal didn't I?
@Yayaa Oh no! So sorry to hear it. Guess it's not exactly a happy fathers day at your house... 
@yayamartinez dude i am so sorry!!!!! I never got that number for you my fail  i just remembered
@YayaOoh Awwww  He was seriously distressed just before TYK. I kinda hate that he's leaving the country haha.
@YayasSexxxy home resting my sprained foot 
@yayaweeder Thats a horrible thing to wish!  
@yayeezy Hey ma I messed up last night. Shots back to back to back and goose n cranberry. I was sooo sick today 
@yayfuckbuddies haha I would but you won't 
@yayi_meirizka : Miss you even more! Life gets tough. Miss the moment we used to share sadness and happiness 
@YayItsAli i dont wanna explain 
@yayitsalma awh.  yes, yes i did o_o i didnt even know what nudge ment, so i clicked it to see what would happen xD what did it do? :O
@yayKIMO Aww darn  Okay I'll sign that then &amp; I guess I'll just give him the card when/if I see him haha
@yayKIMO i would send it in, but from the room i'm in, i cant see the moon  i'll try though. cause i'm scared to walked down the hall, lol
@yayKIMO it's like the best song ever 
@yayKIMO no my mom took my phone 
@Yaymie LOL I didn't get that at all 
@YAYNipper @okaykellii have fun at the beach.. 
@yaysarcasm awww snap. you know shes not on the show anymore? theyre on a cruise ship now 
@yaz_100 what about me you bitch. im in on the online mag too. arent i? 
@yazeez i dun have hotbird 
@yaztheblack Sometimes I like to break out the old yo-yo and rock out revolution-style. Too many newfangled electronic doohickeys around 
@yazxjb I kind of hate so bio....but the good news is I'm working on ch 54 vocab so I'm almost done...but then I have the essays 
@Yazz_xD hehe yeah, its not the whole song though  x
@Yazziness I cant be botheredddd I feel tired 
@Yazziness i feel for you  I don't want to revise. I REALLY don't want to.
@yblig aw lmao.  i miss you. i have so much to tell you kinda but not reallyy. i miss our hallway meetings. my daily routine lacks now.
@ybthis I hate biology. I can't remember half the stuff I have been cramming over the last week 
@ycubic I definitely miss marching. 6 yrs down the road, nvr once got bored of it. however this yr, I no longer feel that special bond 
@ydocnedloh goodwill in racine. i had an interview yesterday so hopefully it's more promising then target, family video, and pac sun were 
@yeager OMGosh.. i'll go change it right now...   thanks so much for letting me know.
Also, I guess texting is slow again, this is ... lovely. 
Also, I have rehearsal tomorrow during the Tonys.  (mom's recording them, though, phew!)
also, I miss peter forsberg 
Also, I work both jobs today. Hanging w/ kenny was fun last night. as usual. And i slept well but...i'm gonna be tired tonight 
also, im bored, no one around. 
Also, I'm not sure why, my Golden Nuggets didn't taste particularly nommy today 
Also, mad jealous of all the grad classes that get to toss their hats up into the air. We never got hats/robes so we never got to do that 
also, made awkward eye contact with the guy in the car next to mine. he was pretty hot and i was staring. 
Also, my computer has been crappy recently and I can't reformat. May have to take it to a shop 
Also, Rivers and Spires will probably be rained out. Rainy day and a goiter. 
Also, the dish fault means I'll miss both Indycar and NASCAR races for the next week or so. Time to break out an emoticon 
Also, the omelette I tried to make turned into scrambled eggs 
Also, the roommates left stale tater tots in place of chicken nuggets. Disappointment. 
Also, the triple crown will be a let down since they won't let the filly run 
Also, there is NO WAY that #ONTD fell off of the list, we're still trending more than anything else. Twitter removed it. 
Also, update made me lose all my contacts... 
@TroyBarrett hehe you need to book this hotel then: http://www.lagonissiresort.gr/flash.html ---&gt;too expensive 
@TroyBarrett I know  I can't even watch the pictures from CDG. They just make me cry. What a nightmare for the relatives/friends
@TroyBarrett Yep.. i noticed Hugh Rimmington didnt sign hist 
@troychristopher hope you have fun i have to work tonight as well  ily &lt;('-')&gt;
@troykids @pandamayhem pls no memories of my failed piano question from the cruises q and a  ::cry::
@troykids are you going to be back at midnight? 
@Troykids Can you wait to play my song.... I got kicked out and can't get back in 
@troykids Dang!  The station is full!    I'll have to keep trying...
@troykids Gonna have to sign off earlier than I wanted.  Bummer.
@troykids i am from alberta...not a dj... 
@troykids not working for me 
@TroyStith Hahaha! My Twitter account is so busted! I can't even get a pic to upload on Twitpic. Booooo urns! Sorry Troy...no sneak peek 
@yeahitsjames omg why ? Don't hate me 
@yeahkylieyeah I'm doing the same thing. Ugh I don't wanna do homework 
@yeahthanks {hugs} 
@YeahThatsKosher thanks for the invite but I don't think I can make it   What time's the game?
@yeahxitscory me toooo. my picture won't upload. 
@yeaitsgc That sucks, I'm really sorry! 
@yearning4d_sky I cant vote for u either!! 
@yecal262 how did this become my life??? 
@yecartes the ANC forum? i think its on now.abs-cbn.com - but its for subscribers only methinks. 
@yedennek I wish you could come with us  Stupid Ipswich.
@yee93 I miss homeeee! Cooking everyday gets tiring  COME VISITT SOON! And bring my godchild
@yeelam was that sarcastic? 
@yeemalee But you bought the CD at Wal Mart.. You go to the library to get it fixed? Well, i hope it gets fixed 
@Yeezo geez i sed i was sorry i broke ur car... 
@YehItzMicPhenom can't fix it. I don't have bb messanger anymore. It got lost. 
@YeliBear yeli wats good? u still owe me a sign 
@Yell0wdog Tool fans are such tools.   I saw them at Coachella but their fans drove me away after a song and a half.
Also, watched 'Analyze This'.. Disappointed 
Also, where is my Floofy Tail. I need her to rid my anger. 
Also, why do I feel like i'm in a Choose Your Own Adventure... where there are more choices than pages.. and the choices don't make sense 
Also, why don't I have HBO?!!??? I just want to watch Grey Gardens 
also, will one of you sign on my twitter account and put up a picture of me? can't from my ds 
Also, www.xkcd.com not been v good recently 
also. do not want to walk to work! it'll rain and i'll cry. 
also. ROFL my glasses broke last night  i need to find a screw
also.. i'm really angry at myself for not going boating. i won't have any other time to clean though  poooop.
Also... I hate househunting 
also... today is the longest day. summer solstice, days begin to cut in now 
ALSO.... what's the deal with the Lions losing by ONE GOAL???!?!!! :o  :s
Also....I think I may have tynosynovitis 
Also...how am I supposed to shower w/no shower curtain? The shower rod broke  I tried yest &amp; got water all over the floor lol
also: i love how obsolete fb is now twitter is cool. i only had one notification today. 
Also: This is the last year of Midnight Mass, this makes me sad. 
also: why is everyone cheating on their sig. others this week?  not cool, friends.  
Alternative4:  Join the army???   
Although a rental car does mean that my wife left for Alabama for a week. Just me and our 3 cats 
Although delicious, Orbit Positively Pomegranate gum totally stinks up my cupboard and makes everything in it taste fruity.  
although grateful for a his new Mac, would rather spend Monday  doing anything other than ironing out kinks and fiddling with settings 
although has anyone else noticed the lack of the amazing strawberry milkshake bottle sweets on the new Woolworths Pick'n'mix online? 
although I know they arent going to let him get away with half the stuff he did before.  veer
although i slept a very long time ... im still tired ^^ hmm somehow im just bored these days ... i miss some special ppl 
@yellachinook thanks 
@yellebelle I'm assuming you're asking if my long service leave is over? If you are, yes, holidays over 
@yellekmarciniak eek, that is so weird. I have no idea why it's doing that! How annoying. Maybe contact pfc or post? sorry I cant help ya 
@yelling_bird hey she has good taste ok  ahhhh I got burned by a feathery anthropomorph.
@yellow_roses really missed you today. we had lots of fun and spent too much money. drank too much diet Pepsi thus not sleeping now 
@yellowbrickedrd  One of my really close friends left for Seattle too. Everyone I know is leaving.
@yellowbrickedrd Don't know if my mum will allow. Especially with this H1N1 virus going on. I really need to leave for awhile.  Life sucks
@yellowchicken Cheyenne has been really good and calm today considering I have spent the day at home with her; am recovering from surgery 
@yellowduckx oh i'm sorry  OMG the book i'm reading is about killing pigs too!
@yellowflowers87 yeah  i dont know where its coming from...all of sudden i felt so emo tonight.
@yellowgoatetsy They have a sea of squads of experts for shutting mainland China off from mental freedom.  #china #june4th
@YellowHail shup it will be (: x please get skype! if you loved me you'd get it  xxx
@YellowLlama Still no MMS goodness for the new iPhone software in SA 
@yellowmello looks tempting - but dont have the cash right now 
@yellowpark you mean  we're both coding :p
@Yellowsharpie I hope your headache gets better!!!!  I hate when I have headaches at school!
@Yellowsharpie lol i was just looking for that to take tommorow..can't find it 
@YellowSphere schweet! we have the mics just not enough inputs  yet anyway
@yelyahwilliams  i'll make sure I call everyone I see Hayley so I don't make the same mistake
Although it was over for me after May 11th date, it's very sad that the Out Of Control tour is over for good. Bye Girls Aloud, for now... 
Although my hand got stuck to the oven tray 
although old women smoking is quite sad. they'll probably have higher risk of getting cancer  smoking is not cool if you're an old woman.
although she hasn't yet replied to my &quot;haha&quot; comment 
Although the chest pain is nothing new cuz I get that ALL the time an since I was little 2 cuz of my heart problems. But 2days worse. 
Although the distance is daring, I sure know what it's like to be alone. 
Although the police stopped the bus, the person transporting the two beautiful shaheen falcons managed to escape through the crowd  grrrr!
although, I did get a few offers..  http://tinyurl.com/c4w3b9
Although, it is a wee bit disappointing that by the time I get there it is likely to be RAINING. 
Alwasy liked vista but my 2 vista machine both BSOD on #currentcost 128 while devloping #makehistori interface 
Always a bridesmaid... Never a MOH 
Always a little awkward when you have so few followers you notice when one un-follows you. Sorry I'm not interesting 
Always bummed when i have to leave for work and miss the last hour of the wicked awesome johnny and jayde morning show 
Always feel this way. miss my home so much  http://myloc.me/2U4I
@troytaylor86  i cant get it for some reason.. i copy and pasted and it said web not found
@troytaylor86 &quot;Not Acceptable: Too many concurrent requests for this user: 99&quot;.....thats what happens when i copy and paste 
@troytaylor86 ahhhh! the link isnt workn for me! the blog shows up but the link for the mixtape doesnt 
@troytaylor86 I copied &amp; pasted, not workin for me 
@trreed Oh no! 
@trswift Aww damn haha. There's nothing good to watch on tv  this make me sad...
@tru_thoughts thanks for the d/load big-ups - unfortunately both links have been &quot;deleted due to violation of terms&quot;, which is a bit nuts 
@trubeliever06 WHAT'S THE SCORE? I'M AT WORK CAN'T WATCH 
@Trucco905 I do it in the worst way: cut out carbs!  I love carbs.. But nothing more efficient though!
@Trucco905 We r in first class from SoCal to Boston, but all sold out first class from Boston to Paris  can u do something about that? Ha!
@truck1010 What a week! Sorry we missed our lunch date....looking forward to getting out soon.  Still have some atrial fibrillations  
@truckstopblues i can't  that was an 87 for the whole mod so that's done with. i'm going into my new mod
@TrudieDreyer I can't DM you because you aren't following me 
always forgets how much she loves Indie103 until she opens up iTunes on the work computer. Miss having it in the car. 
always gets what he wants but never what he needs 
always hard to say goodbye 
always having migraine when it's my off day. 
Always hope for rain for southern California!! We are extremely dry. 
always knowing what to say and what to ask. i probably owe my sanity to you. why do you have to be timezones away 
always listen to your mother...otherwise you wound't be blow-drying your phone....  
always make sure there isn't glass in front of something when you go to look at it...my head still hurts  x
Always messing up 
always pissed when i miss listening to the show live 
Always running late for work. ALWAYS!!  Damn. 
Always sad to see boy leave 
always seems to watch this episode &quot;House&quot; when she's already depressed.  Damn it all.  It's just -so- sad! 
Always the Love Songs so shoulda been number 1!! Sorry guys 
Always too early to be up!!! Need to get working on sewing projects!! But not happening today.. 
Always wanted to know how big your e-Penis is? - http://www.epenis.nl/ - UHAEUHEUhAUE o meu deu 2.5cm 
Always! When its time to celebrate something, Anything,  one of my kids is sick. Poor austin. Couldnt even enjoy his own graduation! 
Aly just put on some scary horror film!  think I might take his fathers day present back if it's really scary
aly'g got fever yesterday peaking at 37.7 which is enough to make everyone worried 
@trueblooddallas I&quot;m sorry I didn't join chatroom last night. I was at neighbor's watching S:1-2 on the later broadcast. 
@trueblooddallas Not your fault! I overslept!  Whoops!
@truebluboy  haha I'm alright.
@TrueBunbarian I bet you are counting down. Yep its still raining here 
@TrueGabe allergic to cookies. 
@TrueGabe I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@TrueGabe you're not skyping with me 
@truehigh doh! I was out so long &amp; late 2day &amp; missed it.   If u rly love me u can do it again on the day of the #GlobalMarijuanaMarch ;-)
@truejerseygirl  2 days with no @TimMothE is like a lifetime.
@truejerseygirl Oh that's terrible. 
@truekaia OH HEY YOU ACTUALLY DID i'm an ass 
@truemanQLD woot i didnt get a medal  they should have ones for second
@TrueTiger i mean LITERALLY!! 
@TrueVisionDubbz 82?! Lol I have like 20. Pathetic I know. A lot of my friends have iphones tho 
@truffle_shuffle I used to like her. A lot. But lately she looks so weird. Idk. I feel like she will look like Jackson in 2 more years. 
Alyssa had to get off the phone  I need someone to talk to!
Alyssa thought stomach was my leg. 
Alyssalaganosky: writing in my diary. I break promises i make to myself 
Am &quot;revising&quot; 
Am abso shattered today! Hayfever masking as a cold 
am actually really close to tears right now. My office has been taken over  apparently its the only place Kevin feels comfortable studying
Am all alone...again! 
Am already unable to attend many meets [Tweetups, FrH, HPC, KCircle] now can add another1 to da list: Digit Reader Meet 
am also starting to think that my tweets are invisible...... 
Am also thinking I don't fancy going to work tomorrow 
am always so tired  today I got up two hours late. But soon I shall be on the train, homeward bound, probably sneezing the whole way. Bah!
am angry that noone likes me  am a really nice person, and quiet. why am i so unbelievably unpopular. it hurts it really does
Am annoyed with facebook. It won't let me upload my photos 
Am at a graduation...its very muggy here 
Am at TRCC now with Janz boppin' to The Leak - Lil Twist ft Lil Wayne. No sofa 
am at work all alone  cranking sounds
am atrociously late for training. floorball captain's gonna hate me even more 
Am attempting to clean off the wretched dining room table...again. I've filled 1/2 a garbage bag and still can't see the table top 
am awake and hating it. 
Am back from Kruger, miss it already, lol. BUT, off to see my &quot;kids&quot; for a cpl hrs  before I have to get on a plane to the Cape, Bleh 
Am back home, very tired and feeling real fed up 
@TruHappiness Sorry to hear that 
@trukmus @woookash argghh ca craint ca! damned 
@trusttommy fadas no workie in twitter. 
@TRUTH_4U2_C If it was the abortion thing, I'm sorry. It wasn't directed at u.  U were 1 of my favorite twitter friends!
@truthfiend hey do you have super glue? I need to glue my earrings. I broke one 
@yelyahwilliams  terribly sorry
@yelyahwilliams awh   i hate sinus,im like prone to it! olbus oil reallly helps it (:
@yelyahwilliams come to England!!!!!   
@yelyahwilliams didin't load 
@yelyahwilliams Dude, stop talking for now (like COMPLETELY STOP). You need to rest your voice or you could seriously mess it up. 
@yelyahwilliams flippin tix sold out in West Palm  Really wanted to go and scream my heart out.... Can't afford reserved seats, only lawn
@yelyahwilliams For real, kid? Feel better. Sinus infections suck. 
@yelyahwilliams Hayley, I'm yer biggest fan! Come to the Philippines, please! 
@yelyahwilliams hey,hayley! the movie award day come's realy fast! I wan't vot for paramore, but i just can't sign up!! i'm so MAD! 
@yelyahwilliams http://twitpic.com/6u375 - i canÂ´t see the pic! 
@yelyahwilliams http://twitpic.com/6u375 - i cant see it. 
@yelyahwilliams I hardly ever sleep. I got some last night but the night before I got 45 min 
@yelyahwilliams i tried to do a voice lesson on webcam once, didn't have much luck because it was hard to hear detail  hope it goes well!
@yelyahwilliams i was supposed to be going to that! but idk if i am now 
@yelyahwilliams i was supposed to go! so bummed i didn't get to 
@yelyahwilliams I'm so stoked for you guys to come to Calgary! Sad I can't go though 
@yelyahwilliams I'm sorry  hope you'll feel better very very soon. take care! :*
@yelyahwilliams it could be a bad idea, Hayley 
@yelyahwilliams LOL, s'ok. I was supposed to be there tonight, but plans fell through  I miss seeing you guys live...
@yelyahwilliams LOLOLOL MY BAD SORRY HAYLEY  I JUST GOOGLED IT HAHAHA
@yelyahwilliams poor hayley!  sinus?
@yelyahwilliams underworld trilogy great choice! love those movies. love all your music voice is amazing. acoustic &lt;3. should of won MTV 
@yelyahwilliams what is actually happening with FBR and decaydance?! urgh i wish i knew 
@yelyahwilliams,Answer me please 
@yemsukadis apa karna pengumuman besok yem? stay calm yaaah , gue jg deg2an nunggu pengumuman  cant take it if my friend ad yg ga lulus 
@yemsukadis haha ! Anyway ! Talent show awas lo ga ikut 
@yenbearr a lot like love one of your pebrets oso? 
@yenyad I'm not. Like you I am frustrated, but not surprised.  
@yeohaddict I'm sorry.  She sux.
@YeomanOsler we decided to stay at a hotel but idk if you are awake this late 
@yep_yep ahah! poor, ashley! 
@yer__mum too late competition over  I have reserved a Reaper code for you, no worries. I'd &lt;3 a Home gamesave with the Penthouse, plzzz!
@yerex UGH I HATE QUEUEING 
@Yeroulicious You didn't like it? awww that means i won't like it 
@yes_i_am_jes YAY! congrats! i'm afraid to check my grades! 
@YESandME forgot about that *DUH* I have always loved that song! And there is always 1 person u wish u could have~ but  can't! 
@yeshenia 
@YesIamQuESt http://tinyurl.com/mh9ta3 true story of the demise of my poor headphones 
@YesiG NM regarding *Joining Forces* w/ #saveearl @EarlTwitition seems disintrested, I've seen no tweets from #saveearl w/ #bringbacklife 
@yesiortiz I will mammas and stop leaving me out of all the fun...  lol you knw I'm powers biggest fan and true listiner see u on the air
@yesiortiz yesi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i cant sleep! 
@yesitsfiasco cool! ok yeah see i dont have the old files with separate vocals so im trying to punch em all up as one track(all i can do) 
@yeska I suck at it too. I remember the days when I was struggling badly with it to get my final year project done. I wish I could help 
@trutschatszli Oh hush up T! U know I'm goin 2 be boo'd up so I can't act a fool  but hey that's where u come in n u betta act a fool! LOL
@truXhalo oh man! i want a double doubleeeee  it sounds so bombbbbbb. &amp; how was yer run?
@trvsbrkr ..'cause theres no v.i.p. tickets 
@trvsbrkr @markhoppus @dj_am the mix-tape file wont open 
@trvsbrkr awesome artwork! hope everyone has a great time.. will be thinking about it from hot ass Texas 
@trvsbrkr every1 keeps talking about that song... I'm so sad my sound stop working  can't wait for this tech guy to get here Tuesday!
@trvsbrkr good night travis 
@trvsbrkr http://twitpic.com/6igy0 - soooo wish I could go to one of those shows!  you should like do a world tour together... ;)
@trvsbrkr http://twitpic.com/6igy0 - wish i was there  waiting for you guys in CHILE
@trvsbrkr http://twitpic.com/84iha - that is a SWEET t-shirt dude, to bad only a few places sell FSS in england 
@trvsbrkr hugs to feel better.  I hate when my baby is sick. It hurts me 
@trvsbrkr i hope the lil one feels better 
@trvsbrkr I miss him too  He always told me to get straight A's so I'd go places &lt;3
@trvsbrkr I think the server crashed again! 
@trvsbrkr i think the server went down again cause i cant download it 
@trvsbrkr it dont work it posted the tweet on my page but crashed and dident give me the download link 
@trvsbrkr it's not working here 
@trvsbrkr lol you're crazy man... to bad i dont live there anymore  @markhoppus im designing the shirt idea for you as i type!
@trvsbrkr remembering Chris drive by my house in his white Cad with a friendly hello and a wave to me and my munchkins 
@YESNetwork HOLY CRAP Did EVERYONE see Gardner in centerfield?!?!? amazing catch but looked REALLY painful  FEEL BETTER BRETT
@yesscastro ohh me too 
@yessireekristen Awwgh wish  I'm coming Wednesday T_T'
@yessireekristen Oh dear.. don't mind MINE! They're horrid. I still need to get them done as well. 
@yeSSiRiiTsSID thanks for the support sid but... I accidently posted it.  but i deleted it.
@yesssPecan thanks Hart... though my run tracker messed up on me.. 
@yestocarrots  yes to Canadian contest/giveaway we're always forgotten 
@yestomhughesyes now &quot;silence is golden&quot; is playing on his radio 
@yestomhughesyes oh! 
@yeswhatokay Ha ha I'm sorry  We can talk about that Sunday. What time do we want to go, by the way?
@yeswhatokay Oh no, friend! I'm really, really, really sorry  If there's anything I can do, please let me know.
@yetaluvshrtwins Very doubtful 
@Yeti68 Can she really TOSS a pizza? Wow I'm impressed; whenever I try the floor and the dog get it. 
@yeuxbruns Currently drinking tea, listening to some records, chatting with friends, then I close the store tonight! 
@yezzer toilets in Brighton are bad generally from what I have found 
@yGns Not really. Too cloudy and lots of light pollution last night. Couldn't see any stars  Hoping for clearer skies and/or blackout.
@ygoloxeifer They all look pretty awful 
@ygS2ne1 Is the release day is real though? Sighs  They got me excited! Thank you for clearing that up! :]
@trvsbrkr thats some radical partyin...i guess us southcarolinians r just party poopers 
@trvsbrkr The link isn't working for me right now.  I want that mixtape.
@trvsbrkr why what happend? is it shana's turn now? 
@trvsbrkr wish I could have gone....boo 
@trx0x Cats are not popular around these parts. Especially the neighbors' cats who think my vegetable beds are their toilets. 
@trx0x i have friends that drive 5-series and CLS  be nice.
@trx0x no phone yet!  i don't know. i use nates phone sometimes. want to get a land line for now, not sure if i can convince him.
@Trypticon It doesn't seem like he'll ever learn. 
@TS_wirelessgame Why can't I die, that's no fun.  Is it only in the lite version?
@TS106 creepy bugs  cross between junebugs and stink bugs. Hundreds
@tsa4string Have fun at the show tonight... wish I could be there 
@Tsagadai whadya get? I thought I had Gibson's Idoru, but looks like I left it behind 
@Tsaksonakis Just bemoaning how pricey it is to go &amp; watch. Son &amp; I gutted but will watch on telly 
@tsarnick i come home very late monday night, then back to work on tuesday.  not looking 4ward to it. But hey, only a 4 day week! Woot
@yidneth Hey you have actually an account - Pris is a good old friend of mine - we see each other not very often  Hugs Pris!
@yikes77 awww that's too bad. 
@yikes77 It would be great if those VIPS were for some acts I'd enjoy seeing, but noooo. 
@yikesitslinda -___- its called being nice im no ones servant excluding my bro i have no choice 
@yikesjames Duuuude, right? Just wait! Can't believe 6 won't be out until next year! Now I have to wait for Lost and SP!! 
@YikesYahooYum I'm sorry, bb, but I gotta go. So tired, plus my daddy just yelled at me.  ily :K
@YikesYahooYum It kinda breaks my heart a little bit. Not gonna lie. 
@yingying0319 still no news on it  whoop~whoop~  
@yinkae yah man panicpanicpanic. i have 2 more papers to go lar. thurs and fri. how sad 
@yippyfish  get well soon! OD on Vit-C &amp; sleep sleep sleeeeeep it all off if you can
@yisel shouldn't I be happy being perfectly poor?  guess not!!!
@YiyannaLive yo i want one of those lacefronts so bad lol but dont u hafta wear makeup? i dnt wear makeup 
@tsarnick Man Dude...you never even say hi to me anymore...you never have coffee with me anymore...i am feeling way unloved  
@tsarnick Yeah, that was my thumb last night. Sorry 
@tsawyercampbell not at don halls free family fun day. Haha. I'm so sorry tiff 
@tsayfan oo.. i wish my place had a hot tub 
@tschoi In Korea, iPhone is not released  so it's impossible to use iPhone as cellphone. but u can buy &amp; use if only u want~
@tsevis Atari!!!  I do miss frogger; too bad I'm a Mac 
@tshirtdart Thanks. I hope she gets to go to school for the last few days. She's missed all the fun stuff though. 
@tshirtguy12 damn really??? I'm on my second  its sad really....u think they're done?
@tsisey no i wasnt there, really wanted to go though 
@tskywalker me too !  i cried.
@tsmyther ... just because I happen to live across the Atlantic. This is the age of Internet and some companies act just as they used to 
@tsongvilay1 Dont worry. It doesn't. but at least I'm good to look at it. 
@tsongvilay1 The fan? 
@yjhen15  I haven't been back since i was 10 years old. Thanks for following! xo
@yjlovesjj i clicked the save changes button and it just didn't save  it hates me hahah
@yjwu why left out?  wow, can't wait to see the finished product! I leave on july 6th. any big plans this summer?
@YkA1 except for my knees I skinned them up when I fell. 
@ykesha2001 morning mama!  I saw your earlier Tweets I was getting ready for work at the time... sorry 
@yliesan I know. But nobody can take me there. It's like sososososososososoooooo faraway from my place 
@yliesan one more match!!!!! Hope he won't lose again 
@yliesan sameeeeee  maybe cuz the weather's really hot
@yliesan u're Virgo? Jealouss, Nick J's also Virgo   but according to my horoscope, it's good for me to b w/ a virgo 
@Ylimeemily what happened?! 
@ylimeemily123  awww why whats wrong? hope sleeping makes it better  cya at prom!
@ylin0621 The teen section here is lame too... 
@ylizabeth Yes, but I can't even use it yet  didnt realise I need lens to use it LOL
@yllektra EUPHORIA!!!! i love that.. if i could i would stock up on it, incase they stop selling it... like they did with my lip gloss 
@ylove @JonBurg @yeahthatskosher i think that I am busy - sorry 
@ymerej It's U.S. travel only, I'm afraid. I have to work up to international - can't afford that kind of travel right now. 
@ymib awwww no...especially you w/the baby  hope u all are getting better. Myles and i have been battling sinus stuff all week too.
@YMoneyMatters staying in because it is raining 
@TsQuest Sad that conflict happens during this time.  ((twugs)) (lol)
@tssexychanel I can't see ur link cuz im on my phone  I gotta get the new sk so I can watch youtube
@TsunamiWavin Aww Yeah @Eazyacess nuh uh..but i got a headache  its killin me
@tsunimee my tinychat wont open 
@tsunimee thats the spirit!!! R u having a good day at work? I am doing invoices &amp; registers 
@tsuvik Hey, I would love to watch that too, Sadly no live links are available I guess  #bck5
@tsuvik I have think tried both.. seemic n twhirl.. not as much impressed either ways! 
@tswizz  makes me sad
@tswizz i have the best recipe but it's at home 
@tswizz tweet your thoughts - I'm in love! Talked to Rogers and tethering is not possible until Friday 
@tszcheetah  doesnt works too 
@tszcheetah cant find the action value 
@tszcheeteah it doesnt works 
@ttaasshhaa Essendon lost by 2 goals  Scores just came on the big screen here.
@ttaasshhaa I know so true i miss everyone bad  And make that three, I ALSO want one of those Cameras! Lol.
@ttaasshhaa... saw you all the way down at the other end of the school already, I was like damn 
@ynaf omg underoath is making me feel bad lol they keep talking about how they are headed to California right now to do warped tour 
@YNagarur awesome i play in a band and were struggling to find a bass player :S  Scotland! in 4th year doing my exams at the moment 
@ynjmari14, why did you make a new account in Friendster? 
@ynnabaybeh I will lose 600 tomorrow.  )
@ynoirb Wogan quit cos it's not about the music! Politics!  He was best thing about eurovision as far as I'm concerned!!
@yo_cakeeater It's back??!? 
@yo_cakeeater Oh noes.   Please take care of yourself darling.
@yoast Hi Joost, your site is generating blank pages:  http://bit.ly/SibnP I could do with reading this article 
@yob_au I had that 
@yobeeone ,   I am so curious if the marrow from Abby is taking, slow is good thing bec on road to recovery
@YoBemis one of our loong time &quot;Homes of R&amp;R&quot; turned into a country channel! We have one Craprock channel. 96Rock. Not even worth it. 
@yobennyfresh .....I never go anywhere. We were supposed to start our 20 trek to MN tonight for the Semester reunion BUT plans fell thru 
@yoboinewnue: I love my bruthas too. But I really don't think The Father likes us going that far with each other. 
@YoBoiT you still never told me the info 
@yochevet ...out of characters  boooo. I guess it's just for quick q's and a's and what ur doin kind of things (and links  )
@YogaChicky we've found out that the coolest things happening here are all on while she's up north tho  including the masked ball!
@YogaforCynics oye...too late.    really bad, but then i can usually let comics slide -- someone has to push buttons, explore edges.
@yogarobin yeah, first time that has happened. Sure, if it was an exceptional pillow, but wasn't.  Just miss the pillow case 
@yogi135 welcome 2 wisconsin!! Love you! Sorry about ur bag  I hope u get it back! I graduate on Sat.. Call u then :-*
@yogicknitter Headachey and at home... Nothing to tweet about 
@YogiFish I wish I had the bandwidth 
@yogijazz - she used a pic of an iris so i thought maybe it was you.  no summer plans just the usual - work lol!  NO i didn't...migraine! 
@yogini75 I bought a puppy mill people and didn't know it years ago and he as so sick and died at 7 yrs old 
@YogiOselDorje the more experienced you are from my own experience the more dangerous the path gets, does not get easier 
@yoha_ahoy ahh so you need someone to print and ship your prints. i don't know anywhere for that  but why dont you get them printed...
@yoha_ahoy very much so  Rub better? 
@yohanik at this point, just about anything would rock. 
@yohanik yes, i'm clueless too.   who is bal thackeray? (ducking shoes)
@yohul my stupid machine has only 512mbram 
@yoimajunkie but then when they ask, ppl wanna start trippen 
@yoitbeseb I tried! 
@yoitsandrea Awwww, why did ya lose? 
@yoitsbooty ) NICE. I want it. I'll get the pirated. ) I MISS YOU 
@yoitsCODY okay  night ttyl, promise? Lol
@YOitsEILEEN And web-less starting the day after that  #homeless
@YOitsEILEEN I hadn't cried in five years  I'm still at the airport waiting for bus. Cops stopped me. Musn't wear tshirts w/ bombs on em.
@yoitsjo_____nah i know. bad day  injured pa ako. hehe. i can't even touch my back coz of the burn, iniisip ko panu ako mgshower neto. 
@yojotangjo it's been like this for several days now in the bra.  makes me saaaad.
@yokidd20 YOSHI I LEFT MY PHONE IN YOUR ROOM 
@yoko71 hi there yoko! wow, a listening party! wish i could join u guys 
@yoko71 I didn't send one in time 
@yoko71 yeah I'm surprised too  @Tisyonk I would love to have the punishment. Ok, back to rehab. My neck hurts so bad 
@yokoono  I so would love to go...but i dont live in the U.S. 
@yokPWK  hungry!
@YolandaMonique dmn sorry to hear that.. nothing cool to say just srry to hear that   
@yolaweb had a monique moment celebrated too early couldn't drag widgets onto page with itouch or iphone  . Time to put away the pepsi lol
@yolibonilla can't see the pic 
@yolie81 Im had insomina since I was 6   it can strike at any age...
@yolimir oh, this is probably gonna cost me an unfollow, but I've never read #Neuromancer,  should i run to barnes and noble tomorrow?
@yolunia you're telling me! no, i'm an old geezer. 
@yomama8929 I go into the room for the first time in weeks and you're off cleaning 
@yomamamamela  what happened
@yomamasothin  I HATE THIS FEELING!
@yomikaa i didn't forget  i just didn't know what time it was
@yomike @PHAtographer didn't pick up for me either  Happy birthdays all around!
@yomissb Awww, I'm sorry. Motion sickness is one of the worst feelings in the world. Sometimes, I gotta take medicine for it. I h8 ittt 
@yomissb shit for real?? it was &quot;Me N My Sammich&quot;...it made me smile, thought it would help you...sorry... 
@yonaa ada di PIM1 tapi cuma quick grab and go trip, can't make it to the #coffeeTU  say hi to everyone!
@yonboo Me too! I want to see you already! 
@Yonnieboo22 yea bad game  wait til the next one ; )
@yonpon unfortunately not  its a sad thing to come to terms with
@yoobieku Great, it's gonna be showering on Sat 
@yooedward OMG cheryl leaves larry?!?!  i bet it's for ted danson!!
@Yoohoojin no iphone icons in browser 
@yooopp me too... but i dun know how. 
@yoorishin why does your perfect day have to be the one day we haven't hung out 
@yooriyoori @robotgoboom my siblings and cousin just left after a week of visiting. Its too quiet now and I miss them so much 
@Yorkie35 lol. poor you   my man lives 100 miles away so don't see him all the time either. crapola innit?
@yorkshirenick38 haha takes cheeky to know cheeky :-p x yep im afraid diet tomorrow  xx
@YorkshireTea I want a garden to sit in today 
@Yorksville @Georgieboo Web link got cut 
@Yorksville did buy a video off a guy ,but lost it,  years ago,lent it to someone who didnt return it  
@Yorksville I'm good thanks.  Sorry to hear you've sick child   Hope they feel better soon x
@yorudan pants to drama  I *think* I have finally settled on my left arm design. Not telling though ;D
@Yosh25 Yay let's!!! And I totally turned my TV off  Boo on missing NPH's finale!
@yoshi_fatlace dude the Sookie v. Bella poll on my facebook is pretty sad. Not one vote for Bella 
@yoshi831 I'm busy as busy gets... I'm trying to get Twitter on my iPhone... it's having issues.  Suggestions?
@yoshihirohatano noooo i didnt get ur text 
@yoshikoskz so sad  don't think I can find that album here. Which is your fav ryuichi album?
@yosojazzyfizzle I leave NYC august 8th  so I wouldn't even be here.
@yosoypitufina I can't wait to be back, babe. Not many good stories, though 
@yostt checking e-mail b4 going to church. Checked space A flights.There r none up to Tuesday 
@You_effing_suck  It's only 9 here..    I wanna go home already and only been here for 45 minutes. How is u?
@You_Effing_Suck awwww... so it's sad 
@You2Gov twitter's comment: &quot;We have corrected a fatal software error. The site is back up.&quot;  ...  http://bit.ly/dDVb7  not much info 
@youaremyhell I know!! I cant sleep!! 
@youcollme  I  was going to mention that you probably forgot  but the msg was just too long. I'm jealous you dreamt something wonderful 
@youcollme yes 
@youdntknow i know right? i want The Sims 3 so bad but do i have money? heelll no. 
@yougotmichelle Congrats! Not everyone got one. 
Am bk in Uni 2mora  deadline rs arriving n times flying by i wish everything wud slow down so i can enjoy the time lft xxx
Am bored 
AM BORED AND HUNGRY AND BLAZ AND SCH IS REOPENING, HORROR. 
Am bored anyone want to talk to me??? 
Am bored on my lunch break! Only get 30mins aswell  http://myloc.me/2506
Am bored.... Just got home from work and nothing to do 
Am cold 
Am crying my eyes out at 60 minute makeover. Poor woman is so touched. 
Am devastated the weekend is over its gone soooo fast!!!  bt Ibiza in 2 weeks!!!  x x
Am doing legal stuff in preparation for Monday's court hearing against a horrible builder  With that and a sick cat, it's stress city!
Am dropping out of love i dint sign up 4this pain so am out of love i cant take feelin this way ...think its best u go ur way... 
Am enjoying Cali but wish I was celebrating a Flag Football championship with my team 
Am farking cold and some biatch spilled her drink all over my coat 
am feeling a little bit shit as my dog is dead. also have the gym tomorrow 
Am feeling horrid. Nose is burning, eyes watering, body sore. Am already in bed 
Am feeling so Sad .. I need to have a job urgent ... 
Am feeling so tired these days. I end up sleeping like a log! And time keeps speeding past me. 
Am frantic. have 8am flight to Brisbane tomorrow, havent packed, have 3 loads of washing and work to do. Son sick with 39 degree temp now 
am from rgypt and missed aly&amp;fila shittttttt   #asot400
Am fuming!!! Am logging off now before I Tweet something venomous which I later regret.  Grrrrrrrr.  
Am gearing up for a 0-day weekend.  
Am getting incredibly depressed over all these poor animals 
am getting myself to concoct  long paper proposals 
Am getting some kind of sore throat thing.  Considering not going to knitting tomorrow. Don't know if I'm sick, and I'd hate to spread it.
Am giving up on day 2 presentation - not downloading or playing for me... 
am glad there are COOKIES!! for me to munch after everything. but SNACKING? O__O BAD. 
@yougotmichelle Me neither TOO Much for me 
@yougrowgirl Oh.    Oh, oh, oh.  Bummer.
@YouKnowTheName. Me 2.  wat we goin 2 do?
@youlikeashley y'all are too cute!! tell daniel i miss him!! 
@youlovejackie no. Because we need to talk. 
@youlovejae I know. Bijou is constipated and hasn't gone in 4 days. 
@youmeatsix aw yay thanks for replying. are they coming to New Zealand tooo? 
@YouMustBeBlind Welcome to my world. 
@YoungCarter good lookin .... It always picks the worst time to do it 
@YOUNGCASHFLOW I hope so too. 
@youngdefective *hugs* 
@youngdefective Oh noes. She deleted her app!  This is what I get for going shopping rather than staying home and seeing the dramarama.
@TTFrutti WHERE ARE YOU??  
@TTHappy ALEEE I DONT WANT THE MOCKS TO BEGIN!... 
@ttheeran but i like button keyboards 
@TtimewithTy ok band name, really bad club name 
@ttodd25 NUTHIN IM SAD CUZ I LOST MY ATM CARD AND SUMBODY TOOK MY MONEY 
@TTSTylerNelson so mad i missed you today on my dad's show  i was just watching rush hr 3 the other night and thought of u! miss u lots!
@TTTorrez no I didn't  got caught up in the office  damn this sucks
@TTTorrez OMG I dnt know how I didnt faint coming into this world...ugh stomach is turning now 
@TTUNNELL I got arrested for swinging my sword around on top a school.there is not innuendo there. it was a real sword and a long story 
@ttvh Tim But on Twitterfon you cannot be able to go directly to a user 
@ttybear Ooh! Not you! Venting about customers and other random nimrods. You're awesome. I'm sorry things stink for you right now.  *HUG!*
@TUAW http://bit.ly/187Lcn is not worth it..sorry for the spam 
@TUAW It'd be great if us Brits had the kind of coverage where we could possibly not know what that symbol means 
@tubabacon Can we all hang out tomorrow? I miss you guys. 
@tubbsmcguire You'd have to cook the fuckers for three hours to get them cooked. Imagine how grim the outsides would be by then - shudder 
@tubenerd: we're in Modesto this weekend. ninety-seven fucking degrees. no place for a Canadian 
@tublack09 you sound exactly like me with Stanford's cash.  I chose Holy Names because I got a free ride. I can't be mad at you.
@Tuburculosis I'm cleanin my bass and listening to 'have faith in me' on repeat. i want to go out now. 
am going to return the car today am now without any transport and am very sad 
Am gonna be apart from my Big Love for an uncertain amount of time soon... I know we'll survive but it will SUCK being without him. 
Am gonna finish assigs today... finally... not all though.. 
Am googling Airborne side effects.  Alas, it seems my symptoms are attributable to the virus I'm fighting, not the medicine 
am hating doing the housework 
Am having a break, hot tea that does not taste like tea!!! 
am having such a blue Monday at work today. 
Am home... full of stew and enjoying the greenness of countryside. Cat is looking shabby and very old 
Am hot, sweaty, exhausted, hungry, soaking wet and muddy. Oh, and I've got a blister. Would've expected more from Hunter wellies. 
am hungry agaaaaaaiiiin maaaam 
Am hungry when I shouldn't be ... my rice krispies should have kept me going for at least another hour and a half 
am hungry, had decided want i wanted to eat but ive forgotton lol 
Am i a bad person if I do not respond to causes, n other stuff like that on FB? Sorry, it feels the same as receiving 'junk mail' 
am i a bad person?  i really hope this doesnt elevate to something worse...
am i a bitch? latley i feel like one 
Am I a terrible person for wanting winter back? It's really hot 
Am I A twitter whore 
Am I alone in this? Exited the stock mkt at a big loss, planned to reinvest at a deeper low, and woke up to find the mkts have doubled! 
Am I at the hot mess parade for slop in a fitted tee and beauty supply store slip in jellies ?   
am i da only 1 who saw da forecast 4 isolated thundastorms 2day?! cause im like da only person carrying an umbrella! i feel singled out! 
am i dead or alive? feeling really sick... 
am i living in Seattle with all this rain? Soggyboggyfoggy 
Am I really that bad of a person??? Why do all people eventually hurt me? 
Am I really too old for DM boots?  
Am I shallow if I say that I wish I could find nail polish in the shades of green on all your icons? yeah I know- that's why ppl hate us 
am i such a jerk? 
am i THAT disgusting??? stupid husband wont even make love to me!!! 
Am I the only one doing #whatareyoulisteningto ?? 
Am I the only one Twitter is working for????  I feel so alone... 
Am I the only one where Twitter is being really lame?? Maybe it's my Comp... 
Am I the only one who has OCD about reading every single Twitter update from friends? 
Am I the only one who is not excited about New Moon! I really dont see the fanscination with it!! 
am i the only one who thinks its weird,not seeing @ddlovato and @Jonasbrothers together on tour,i miss the burning up tour 
Am I the only person who has to work tomorrow?! Still on New York time 
Am I the only persons in the UK that upgraded to OS 3.0 and didn't get some of the features? No MMS etc... 
Am I the only Scifi fan around here? You know, Farscape, Stargate, Battlestar Galactica, Firefly Stuff like that. I'm the only stargazer? 
Am I too fat ewww gross I'm ugly and fat help help I need a new body  I feel bad cuz I'm the only one of my friends that don't got a bf!!!
am i ugly??i can't choose what will be my primary photo..gosh!! 
am ill,exhausted,sore,at work and keep losing my temper 
Am in a foul mood after crappy morning during which all my tech has decided to wage a war against me, even my mac's not playing ball 
am in da computer lab in hpt all bored 
am in mourning 
am in much pain from digging today. think i have to give up my lovely allotment. or swap to a smaller one. makes me cry thinking about it 
Am inceput ziua cu o briosa si cafea... still hurting because of the cold 
Am Kelly Clarkson fan &amp; defend her when called fat (ridic), but... oh HONEY, NO. Her dress was SO unflattering. Wow. Baby bump-esque. 
am kinda in a mood to write, but don't have the get-up-and-go. besides, my dr freaked me out today and now i'm depressed.  DNW
am lazy coz workink hard 
Am liking new twitterific iPhone app. Very sleek. &amp; I bought Twitterfon 
am looking at the melbourne water website &amp; our current reservoir levels.. so depressing    I think i'll go &amp; bury my head in the sand.
Am looking forward to ANOTHER doctors appointment tomorrow...When i find out what's wrong with me  I bet it's nothing. Stupid blood tests.
Am loving loving loving the gorgeous weather, but not at the expense of my Lupins and Wisteria which seem to be wilting somewhat 
am loving these tan lines, about to eat some tuna/ wasabi mayo wraps made by my sweetie!!! wish he was here to hang with us 
am not a gd lover 
am not doing the srp/shp/whatever you call it  )))))))
Am not feeling that great 
Am not having the best start to the day... going to bed late and waking up early will do that to you, sigh...  Is it bedtime yet?
am not in the communitychannel video YET 
Am now a member of International Thespian Society Troupe #6492!! Now if I can only make my family stop fighting....sigh 
Am now getting spam followers on twitter! 
Am now officially sick  hope I feel better, busy week this week...
am off bus, miss @pipsytip and @ginny4harry muchly... 
Am off to have haircut! Still no chicken eggs this morning 
am off to the playmill. It will probably be hell on earth but we need to escape! So much for my lovely day out 
Am off. To bed  gnat bite rapidly taking over body , size of small mammal now ouch ..... It hurts ;( night all x x
Am on diet   ... after a cuppa and a small slice of cake. I'm actually contemplating going for a run !?!?!?!
Am on the slow train from Fukaya to Tokyo  Ah well should be ready for a beer when I get back to the hotel
Am packing up to get ready to go home. I have a horrible headache. 
am really glad that twitter doesn't have a voice option... even my laugh sounds hoarse today 
Am really hungry but my mouth still hurts too much to eat easily  can't wait to get these stitches out! Still all worth it though
am really tired of doing stuff by myself! 
am sad  i hate that
Am sending good thoughts to my friend Carmi. Her s amazing doggie Shamus passed away today 
Am seriously considering going back to bed. I think I am broken 
Am sick  I don't like being sick. I need a holiday. @vijay_nair let me go instead of you. I get all the mails from great escape anyway!
am sick and so don't want to go to work. But I have to... 
@youngdipset cuz you ain't take me  lol
@youngec YOUNGEY --&gt; what you hating?? 
@Youngflyclassy pools are closed homie.. 
@youngflylns Lil Girls running around people shoot'n 6 dice for no money ... jus anotha night wit dat nigga j5. if ur n pittsburg save me 
@youngfreshnew @jahmaltonge I didn't see u there homes! But its all good. I missed the after party 
@younggeoffrion Ooo, I love Tsingtao! My fave chinese restaurant served it, but they have closed now 
@youngh00n no i'm taking it at a community college...10 weeks...today was my first day 
@YoungJerz 
@youngkimmie That's twice this week you've got my name wrong  x
@YoungLexHolla Ooohhh  well you could always borrow and burn buddy. Lol
@YoungLy USA only  lamesauce, I agree
@YoungMClayton Yes u do. he looks so sweet. I want2 bite his cheeks off &amp; give him hugs and kisses. My son is not having that these days 
@YoungMickey awwh  well I hope you feel better soon! Get lots of rest
@youngmomma Hubs is great, youngest didn't move home for the summer   and oldest is traveling like crazy.  How are you and fam?
@youngmoneyfly hey love! hope yu not mad @ me still.. 
@youngmoneyfly LOL 
@youngmoneyreef aww  well which came first? the alchie, partying too hardy, or the broken heart? (no, u rly dont hav to answer that, haha)
@YoungPharoh and added it to his collection. i was too much of a punk bitch to ask for it back. 
@YoungPlatinum awwww  sorry. Keep ur head up Hun!
@YoungQ  can't get in...did I miss the access code?
@youngQ  Hey Rob, The girls who took our pics and my pics with Ethan in Pittsburgh never emailed them   Can I have a redo and more hugs?
@YoungQ  oh no. that sucks!!
@YoungQ  Please pass onto the New Kids how devastated we are that arent giving us Full Service .. we not worthy of Facetime so it seems 
@YoungQ  Wish I could chat right now.  It's blocked on my work computer    Will you be chattin later on tonight?
@YoungQ aww man im not home yet just got on the train, 
@YoungQ awww... i'm one of the people at work.    tell the guys i said hi!
@YoungQ Awww....honey, I'm sorry....If I was in NYC I'd paint for ya for free..... 
@youngq help those out who Arent near their computer! 
@YoungQ Holla from CJ in Minnesota!  Can't wait for the Irvine show!  Gotta travel since you left MN out this tour!  
@youngq Hope u have a great Father's Day...my dad isn't doing to well today, so its a rough one for me 
@YoungQ I am not feeling any love from you man....... 
@YoungQ I feel cheated.  I though this pic was an exclusive for me. 
@YoungQ I had a great time talking w/u last nt.  Hopefully we will get our pic 2gether @ the Detroit show since our camera bat went out 
@YoungQ i have diabetes educational class tomorrow   newly diagnosed 
@YoungQ i hope so cos cant chat til i get home from work   im blocked here @ work
@YoungQ i missed the chat 
@YoungQ I saw the archive  ...not the live though, even though I was there and refreshing 
@YoungQ if only my phone was able too. 
@youngQ im on a cell phone and don't think I can go to a chat room yall all gonna leave me 
@YoungQ I'm VERY glad you had a day off to rest, recouperate and relax (I hope) but I must say, I do miss your tweets! 
@YoungQ like the idea of the tshirts, shame, i am not going to the full service tour!  unless i win jordans competition!  
@YoungQ no chat for me  im on my mobile
@youngQ no me  u got a link yall rehersing tommorow??
@YoungQ NO! Im not home 
@YoungQ oh snap! I have to go get ready for work! 
@youngq omg don't let me miss this...got get son from school n will be back @ 3:45...I missed Donnie talkin bout his sweaty balls 
@YoungQ thank you for all the pics and vids today!!  much appreciated; ur a sweetheart!  &lt;3 &lt;3 gotta get to bed have to be up in 4 hours 
@YoungQ ugh, I'm in the car! 
@YoungQ YEA I hate that its silly 140 leters 
@YoungQ you won't be in dc??  I haven't slept yet. Hotels aren't home. I'm flying out in four hours too! Safe flight! ;)
@YoungRo So... Ummm... when can I get my shirt!? I want one! 
@youngscolla I just have a lot of feelings  LoL
@youngscraphics LOL I ate it at this place in my hometown! Sorry! 
@youngshay cause i don't like how it looks like but i heard it got everything on it even flash cause the O8 don't have flash. that sucks 
@youngsinick Mikey  I'm sorry the pause police gettin' to u...as a blogger u shld know better babe...ignore it and keep on truckin!
@youngsy79 Yeah, its all cloudy and crappy here now 
@youngtruthisme aww 
@youngtruthisme have fun without me 
@youngtruthisme Who being mean to you??? 
@YoungTy551 Thiiiiiiiick! Hahhaha what u up to today! It looks wack owtside 
@youngwonder damn sry I left u hanging lastnight LOL I tried to stay up with u but I  couldn't hang 
@youngyonny a lot it's her whole mixtape at least 13 songs enough to make a mixtape  she's heated too! I know her song Amazin was leaked
@youngyonny I didn't get it  I thought u didn't get mine!
@youngyonny someone stole my laptop... Don't even ask... Lol 
@younjin44 I feel left out because you didn't include me in the light skinned clique 
@youquit Bah, it sucks. 
@youquit Maren's secret of the day: I really hate musicals.  Except Sweeney Todd &amp; RHPS. Even POTO. Book is better &amp; Christine=annoying
@YouQuotedQuotes  No.  If I have to click to get the quote then I'll just stop being a follower and remove you.  
@your_it I saw you! I was on a customer request and by the time I came back you were gone!  Buy anything nice??
@Your_Novel I'm sorry, it's already gone.  It's all for the best. Really.
@youralibi: your welcome and nope  I'm start Monday as a Server and I'm taking summer 2. Yo text me!
@youraverageadam my dad answered it and proceeded to have a long phone call. i'm not a happy bunny, adammm. 
@yourbeautymark oh NO!! hope your nephew is okay!! 
@YourboyH @seanhills on how good the sex was!!! The best parts... But then again sex was always diff when we used to do it... Sigh 
@YOURBRUTHAbrub 
@YourDailyTech You took me off your channel page  LOL
@YoureRight @juand182 I wanna be loved! 
@yourethevoice everyone got egg and bacon sandwiches and I'm the forgotten one  I'm having some toast!
@yourexaxlegend well my old one was burtology but i forgot the pw and then couldn't log in to it. 
@tuckerandswiss I kno, right?! Thermostat wars are almost ALWAYS a lost by us hubbies   Father's Day my ...  uhmm...FOOT! LOL
@Tuckinator i LOVE Milestones...why can't there be one in Sudbury 
@Tuckle  First, let me give you a hug. Next, I direct you here: http://tinyurl.com/l8ewmb &amp; Finally, I give you a shotgun. For uh, stuff.
@Tuckle what, took the site down? 
@tudssiazon HAHAHA. I didn't join. Katamad e. Only to find out tmrw andun sa Dr.T. So saaaad 
@TuesdayBlues i miss ur adorable-ness and ur voice  paramoreeeeee
@tuesdaymorning fuck you! 
@tuesdaymorning I've started to notice that it says &quot;from web&quot; for everything posted, from any place. I miss seeing other stuff show up 
@tuhreeesh Can`t resist. @-) DUDE. I`m 108 
@Tuitsu 14 hours?!?! Puuuh...  But try to enjoy your own midsummer &quot;party&quot; a little bit hun - want some red wine? ;) Kippis! See you soon!
@tukicarter think I can handle that a lil better . I was like ouchh  lol
@Tula_NDubz ah am so jealous! Am at work starin at the sun out the store window!  lol
@Tulashi hush up. j/p I gotta be at the other spot in Marietta around midnite so i doubt i can make it 
@Tulashi no stalkers here  might be fun tho lpl
@TULOFans Wish I could watch it.    It's not on in Milwaukee.  
@tulsamarci thanks. It's very hard to deal with right now 
@tumericc me also wants to be at the rat ... !!! 
@Tuna Their better be, I missed the last one... 
@TunaCrust It's because the departments at the larger companies don't talk together, it happens with lots of big companies 
@tunatan27 OH yeah!!! Fuck.  well....I definitely missed it then. Lol. I'll youtube it....it'll be up somewhere. Haha.
@tunedtochords ugh.sucks u woke up so early  hahaha haven't filed dogs nails in uh, ever? I know Im a bad dog owner
@tuoni Good to have you back among the tweeting. Hope you are fully recovered w no nasty after effects. 2 wks is a long time to be hosp 
@Tuoni sounds like you live in UP too. 
@turab235 now every one got confused...? reviews are okay okay... 
@turb0p4nd4 thats bullshit i havent been in the porsche or the ferrari 
@Turbolax yeah, the minute I step into a doggy pound, I start crying hysterically, and have to leave,I cannot go anymore 
@turbomichael: oh no  we just gonna have to blow it up @ TURBO Camp ;-). I've gotta book anotha, but that's my goal ;-)
@turbotomato No worries, we've been face down in documents and could not have gone anyway.  Maybe we'll try and break away later
@Turkeysaladboy  Yeah, my best friend just left to go back home to Portugal. Makes me sad 
@Turkish_Goddess yea i got yo txt n im sad u aint comin  we still aint tlkd yet haha omg 2maro u free?
@turlaach I know how you feel.  I was with them when it was BT Genie - many moons ago and I'm still waiting for MMS! 18hrs now 
@turner89 I work for a Japanese company. I'm a student so I work for only part time but I hate my job   too bad
@turnitgrey Aw  I love Carl, I'd say I'm jealous buuuut that is a little bit embarrassing hahaha
@turnofautumn *gives you lots of aspirin because it looks like you may need it* 
@Turntablez um yea wtf April! I had to grab a sweater  booo
@turquoiseink I know.  and do we have a posse set to make the trip on August 8th?
@turquoiseink Yeah so I picked the right door and won another song download today. Apparently I will never pick the important one. 
@turtallytayla what about your girls?? 
@turtledip I don't get an I love u? 
@turtledip me! But I'm at work 
@turtleshark hummmm. That sounds delicious.  I want some but on a diet. 
@tushsharma hahahaha... but I'm the chef, and not feeling well today 
@tuttigirl i miss mine!  i used to cook everything on that thing lol
@tuttle88 good job being 848 in the world you piss loving twat of a cunt; shit fuck bloody balls... I ran out of swears.... 
@tuttle88 I was afraid of that... 
@Tuvok_ ooc Ah. I don't know how better to explain it to Tuvok. 
@tvanderwell As said by a lifelong Episcopalian that is watching his church disappear. 
@tvdnews omg o.o we are just promoting!! that's so unfair  i think it's too much...thanks buddy!
@TVFanUK No! Twitter is just trying to upset me today 
@TVFanUK not a money week for me  x
@TVGeekGirl I'm sorry your birthday started off bad.  
@TVmktguy NO, I have not. Fox won't let you guys send it out to us. 
@tvorse Yea, I did that search and it was boring. 
@tvplug6 Your lucky! My phone wont do it 
@tvredhead51 eventually.....  so...
@TVsnark so sorry for your loss 
@TVXQUKnow i can't sign up in UFO, so pleas answer me once 
@TVXQUKnow OMG, SuJu break  a little sad
@TVXQUKnow Where are you?  Too busy huh?
@TVXQUKnow Yunho!? dbsk fighting! and, will you guys come singapore?? 
@Tw1sty beers anytime is good! Being exhausted this early in the week is not 
@Tw1sty unfortunately no one listens to or writes good breakbeat stuff these days, so might have to really change some stuff DJ wise 
@twainlo They convicted him???? NOOOOOOOOOO.......ur right though......never worth it 
@twally I think Im getting sick too D: Ive been all runny nosed and headacheyy 
@twally I think Im getting sick too D: Ive been all runny nosed and headacheyy  But Im glad youre feeling better!
@twann0 can u please send some of that sun my way? I havent seen it in about a month  im feeling depressed bc of it! 
@twann0 http://twitpic.com/6elh1 - Awwww! It seems there was a weather conspiration against your quest to get shrimpy  :p
@twann0 Twann who won the Corsten contest to L.A.?  I had to work and missed the show 
@twckellycass 7:30 at the gym and no Kelly  Enjoy your day! 
@TWCWeekends  Welcome Steph! Sorry you have to come in on a weekend 
@twebbstack nuhhhh no info on ticketek yet  Heaps excited though! I dont care how much but I hope it isn't too much..
@twebbstack oh I hope he didn't die  haha we need us some @shaunjumpnow
@twebbstack oh I'm on my iPod. It shows his old one 
@tweedlejim  il just cuddle up next to stewie!
@tweegygibson Ummmm, I have nothing planned at all! Was going to go ice skating but too late. 
@tweekenstein How's Lisa doing? Is she going to have to have surgery?   Your Kee Kee's are so cute!
@tweeking Don't leave  You will be missed!
@tweenkle77 @aileen2u2 @WTFJAY @meghanwood @MisterNoodle according to tweetdeck, I am my only friend 
@tweenkle77 That wasn't one of my better ones. Sadly its one of the few I caught on tape 
@Tweet__Me_Right  Yes very sad but he looks so feaking hawt in all his pain.  
@Tweet_Genius Wanna buy but don't have google checkout 
@tweet_leigh I hear ya. I bought 4 new tires last week, and I've got to get the brakes replaced and the starter checked. Bye bye money. 
@tweet_muse remind me not to go to another baseball game when there is construction and only 1 lane to get out 
@Tweet_Tart  he's leaving tmrw! but I would love to meet the ppl you speak of lol. Miss ya bunches
@tweet_tweet7 si! I would point at it too....  sadly enough... I wonder what this world is coming to sometimes.
@tweet0332 I'll notice! 
@Tweetalize    Sorry           http://www.theskinsociety.com
@TweetaMe seems my modem has bit the dust! 
@tweetant 2 points per 500ml bottle, 3 if it's a Diet Coke.. 250 points for a game, sadly Burnout Paradise is no longer available 
@tweetchristeen i lost my chord 
@TweetDeck also it sucks that I lose the API call counter when I make the windows 2-columns narrow 
@TweetDeck 'Group' is not working. I only get random tweets. I keep having to check specific users in firefox to catch the missed ones. 
@TweetDeck I sure wish you had a Palm app 
@TweetDeck I was SOOOOO excited until iPhone    Windows Mobile please????
@tweetdeck is too big for my screen 
@TweetDeck my new tweetdeck is painfuly laggy 
@TweetDeck my tweet deck keeps crashing  any idea why?
@TweetDeck please can we have an 'open in safari' button in the browser on the iPhone? Can't figure out a way to bookmark tweeted links 
@TweetDeck so the @ replies fix - was that only for tweetdeck? i still can't view &quot;in reply to&quot; for other tweet sources. 
@tweetdeck was broke so had to uninstall  .. now using @PeopleBrowsr let's see how it works..
 yea i know @mrharlem150
 yea u suck. Tell that nigga i said hi and wens he comn down??
 yeah i know DC is not there yet...par phir bhi main nachoongi! 
 yeah. We still have twitter and email though  and I'm still on myspace
 yeah. Yeah. :/
 you all maka me sad, off to my room to cry
 you neva believe me
 you never took me there :'(
 you should have a Myspace.com
 you will be better with time Jimmy. Take motrin or nyquil
 your going to mkae me cry
 your leaving me? ok well goodnigt. sweet dreams mi amor.
 yrbee abee a7l abe ad5'l al jam3a ((  mta btnamee?
 zoita had a cardio apt. 2day. doc says her hole-in-the-heart hasn't closed. she'll need the surgery to close it http://ghurm.tumblr.com
!  . So not paying Â£60 for a good seat to watch Miley. Guess BBC Switch was a good idea back in october lol
! don't know how I am going to survive without Lie to Me 
!!! d jake you are dead to me! 
!!! WTF at you!! what kinda question is that to ask anybody!!! smeggy jerkoff  
!@#$ tomorrow's Monday 
!@PDXsays  #racialprofiling was my thought too. 
!adium 1.4b7 does no longer work with !identica after the  !identica upgrade (at least not for me) 
!ubuntu Some how I now have both the old and new volume applets  what package to I need to get rid of? screenshot: http://ur1.ca/5xeh
" Brokeback Mountain " was depressing, but it was really good.
 Brokeback Mountain  was extremely depressing.
 Brokeback Mountain sucked!
535891,1,Kaggle, Brokeback Mountain was an awesome movie. < 33..
"The Republican party is a bunch of anti-abortion zealots who couldn't draw flies to a dump." -- Neal Boortz (just now, on the radio)
# @Rockchic65 I'm ok, just  really tired. OH is over tantrum but was sick in night so I didn't get much sleep 
#!#$!#$!!#@@#@!!! it's like stuck in my nose somewhere  lalala.
#$&amp;*# just bought batteries for my cam took 10 pics and not the batteries are dead. i really need a new camera! no more pics tonight 
#$&amp;*# just bought batteries for my cam took 10 pics and now the batteries are dead. i really need a new camera! no more pics tonight 
#{todays_productivity} =&gt; nill 
#093M3 it is a sin to be up this early on a Sunday...I want my bed 
#1 downside to drinking = hangoverrrs. 
#1: I wish Tony_from_nedlands would stop knocking the followers of religion 
#1: Not being able to hang out with my Daddy for Father's Day...{tear} 
#140conf @jayhawkbabe @thesciencebabe online at http://tr.im/oOm2 but I am not seeing live video 
#140mafia grates extremely on my nerves!  #spam #dump
#2 out of the lineup 
#22725 - The Anonymous Hugging Wall in London .. I want to hug too  http://viigo.im/01yT
#2busytweeting to feed myself (if only.... couldddo with losing a few lbs) 
#3breakupwords I still love you but you are a dumb ass! 
#3turnoffwords &quot;Scary Movie 5&quot; 
#3turnoffwords I'm not gay 
#3wordsaftersex sry i fell asleep 
#3wordsaftersex Videotape ran out.  
#84 WITCH = sad. 
#Aaaaaaaaaaaah... why! Hmm... will find out at the end of August!! M2A! 
#aaroncarterisadouche I can't believe how long I spent watching that video feed. that's 2 hrs i'll never get back. 
#acdouche #aaronisadouche #aaroncarterisadouche make up your mind ontd 
#adium 1.4beta1 supports #irc and #twitter. irc client is working, twitter client not yet 
#AliveAfterFive is canceled for tonight!! music will be inthe boquet, but thats about it. 
#Amazeballs i have the worst spots at the mo 
#applertc Worcestershire County Council also blocks Twitter... shame 
#apprentice       oh dear yasmina
#apprentice - it's over  Great finale though and the best girl won.
#apprentice . What? No! 
#ASEE Brouhaha was sold out this morning!  If you can't make it let me know.
#asot400 --- Best weekend ever ... no livestes tomorrow ... no video stream ... most depressing Sunday ever! 
#asot400 -0 mins left  . Join the fb group @ http://bit.ly/asot400
#ASOT400 AWW HE'S LEAVIN 
#asot400 damn i wish the video stream was working 
#asot400 no cut out at this great song  some please twitter me the last song id, great vocals
#asot400 NOOOOO.... need more SHah!!! 
#asylm no coffee lounge for me with misha  been queueing since 6 this mornin
#asylm yay registered but lost all my friends 
#Athens tweeps just joining us:  The GA Theatre is on fire.  
#atlassiansummit Jira 4 Beta looks nice, but shocked it still doesn't do version planning after so many yrs - Greenhopper still a plugin 
#ATT hasnt setup my phone nor Internet. &quot;It will happen &quot;anytime between 8 AM - 8 PM. When I called at 8 PM, the office was closed 
#Austin #timewarner Internet down 
#badchoice I helped wind up a mate, we told him his previously owned car was written off at the track, he believed it, spoilt his evening 
#badsex is when you can't fucking cum. 
#Bangalore #Power sucks! yesterday from 1.40 PM to 7 PM, they zilched. Now from 8AM onwards.  I have limited backup power window! #BJP X
#BB10 News Flash - bad subway crash in Washington DC   http://bit.ly/sFUdF
#bbcqt #thisweek is it just me or is Diane Abbot looking HOT tonight - grrr - must be the wine gogglez 
#beer #friday #melbourne #cbd #mtub #mini #cmon Thirsty and lonely ... you buggers are making me feel like a scotty no mates 
#BeerFriday was cancelled  that makes the Beer Czar very sad
#bettas Swallow does look like 2 other girls, Chicka &amp; DeeDee, the two other red birdies. But they both have dropsy too, I think 
#BGT  Piers shouldn't have buzzed when the little girls were singing 
#bgt i do not want the crying whinger to win 
#bgt ok im officially scared of SuBo...think nice thoughts, think nice thoughts...i fear there will be nightmares tonight 
#bgt Stavros was robbed! ... Drowning my sorrows now 
#bgt Susan Boyle is rushing every single phrase! Slow down and it could even be good! Some of those notes sound a bit off too 
#bgt What happened Greg.  That was a rubbish follow up.
#bgt Will Holly take being paraded on stage again for potential rejection? 
#bigfanfriday 2day, &amp; i go &amp; friggin loose 1, life sucks!! 
#bill44 #ABLeg someone have the link to the AB Gov't website where I can see tonight's reading no Bill 44? I can't find it  
#bloodymarytime will not be televised. WiFi is too weak in the cave. 
#BNP = Bad Night for Politics 
#BRINGBACKLIFE Fans and #TSCC wanna vote for your shows on http://bit.ly/19Sitg tubey awards..I had a hard time 
#Brisbane does anyone know when the Mango Hill Tavern opens? Would love to be there for the grand opening but can't find any info 
#brisweather make up your mind please, I put on jeans cause it was wet and cold. Now it's sunny and hot and I don't want to change 
#Britain's Got Talent #Susan Boyle Finishes second  http://bit.ly/LYjV7
#BritishSeaPower at High Rocks, Tunny Wells is pushed out to 2nd august 
#britney was fantastic last night, the #hangover this isn't  pain vs pleasure
#brokenpromises... 
#BTS #BTS can't wait even though i'm not there!  #BTS
#BTS band camp is getting boring I eant my cpu 
#buzzword loads up Pro fonts but cannot display Turkish glyphs.  and still complaining that it doesn't support Safari (onwin) and Chrome.
#Cannes I'm coming back !!! I want to go see Agora, but I don't have yet ticket  (or maybe I go to see Prophete in day after screenings)
#Canucks 
#capagiro burned!  http://yfrog.com/5ekw5j
#cats We had one of our outside cats get his paw injured, went to the vet and found out he was bitten. Sad news he has FIV or kitty AIDS! 
#CBCRadio2's stream is coming in wacked at the office. Keeps stopping randomly, then picking back up. I want my classical music. 
#cfs you are permanently tired? why is it you still have the energy to be at the computer all day? - looking for a serious reply to that 
#Chaser has gone down hill, not even funny anymore 
#chaser they didn't have a musical today 
#chesterday no trending topic e eu perdi 
#ChuckmeMonday WHERE IS MY TRENDING FOR THIS TOPIC!!! 
#cilip-cymru09 floor references to new Star Trek movie 
#confessions i cried a lil 2 day 
#coolbandsmadeuncool Cherish 
#coolbandsmadeuncool the airborne toxic event when they played Sometime Around Midnight on 90210  lol
#corrupt army medic ! free link (NOT @WSJ  )  http://tinyurl.com/lo6lu4
#crystaldermy can't get this image upload code to work, done it a million times before  I'll find it, I hope! Http://twenty9seven.co.uk
#dailygoals 1/4 done. The other ones I've got to wait for internet to come back  Doing some private project coding while I wait
#dc Just got stuck on a Metro train directly under the Potomac while techs worked on a problem.  Exciting 
#DC Metro so sad....i like ride the train all the time. scary, i am praying for the victims fam! 
#Digsby just crashed for the first time 
#dippindots ..... now I am craving a nice bowl of dippin dots! Maybe a chocolate strawberry? Oh wait - it's after midnight 
#diversity winners, i suppose but im wid flawless all the way diversity aint from the endz ya feel! 
#Dobby just died. 
#donotlike my life. 
#dontyouhate  Not having ur best friend by ur side when u need her? 
#dontyouhate abortion? when women kill their babies? it's sad... 
#dontyouhate chicago's weather . ugh its pouring down rite now 
#dontyouhate exams? 
#dontyouhate forgetting cyootsy Watchmen pins that the boy who isn't Michael Cera, or Demetri Martin gave to you? 
#dontyouhate how twipo keep talkin to celeb's they aint gon get a answer back from? i feel sorry for them tweeple  leave the celebs alone
#dontyouhate it when u lose the closest person to you??? 
#dontyouhate me cuz i got to see Robert Pattinson work &amp; u didnt!! i know a few!! Ok dat was kinda mean 
#dontyouhate not being able to sleep when you are really tired, its really late and there is nothing what so ever on TV 
#dontyouhate that &quot;chocolate shoulders&quot; aka @dwighthoward didnt win the championship this year?! 
#dontyouhate that Mickey D's dont have a $1 Menu anymore 
#dontyouhate wen ur bout to take a shower nd u wish ur other 1/2 was wit u kuz they know just how to sex u right when yall in it together 
#dontyouhate when a really good friend of yours moves away? happened to me today. 
#dontyouhate when people just wont listen 
#dontyouhate When people Tweet only links??? Nothing unique   #fail @twitter
#dontyouhate when the jonas brothers do free concerts and your not there 
#dontyouhate when u go to make spaghetti, and the saucejar  has all these fuzzy green balls all over the inside 
#dontyouhate when your bangbros password expires  bye bye sara jay
#dontyouhate when you're stuck working friday night.... 
#dontyoulove that i can be myself around you, but #dontyouhate that you'll never know the difference..... 
#dpbcon 18mi backup to merge onto 495. 
#dreamcar Red with ivory interior Ferrari 360 #favpracticalcar Lexus 400H #firstcar 98 Toyota Carolla, someone hit me  totalled it
#dreamhost is f'n slow today.  I am on penguin server.  seems it's down every other day. 
#Drupal form module doesn't produce valid markup - two forms on a page, both with submit buttons with the same id  #DrupalFail
#DSLRRemote #iphoneapp unfortunately no #Nikon version yet  http://bit.ly/flILQ
#duffphotoupload Still no joy with my pic &amp; Ushers wife @TamekaTaymond is having probs now too 
#e3 #sony No mention of the console MGS being multi-plat...  Why, Kojima-san?  Why!?
#E3 Please tell me all that graphical tearing and lameness of SH for the Wii was in my eyes and not in the gameplay.... 
#e3 two decent games from ubisoft, but no new Rainbow Six 
#e3 well i would say MS is the big winner of the E3, sony made some nice impressions of its new psp and what about Nintendo??  we'll see..
#e3 will be awesome! too bad i won't be able to camp by the TV like i wanted though, since i have school. 
#e4mconclave could have to rush back to office for a meeting, will be missing two panel discussions 
#EA Their girl thing is making me feel rubbish  I never went to PROM.. now I don't feel real 
#ebay #blogs Please help put the Ebay bloggers in a better mood they are sad   http://blogs.ebay.com/
#Em [OFF] 
#EPL Liverpool beat West  Ham 3-0  Man U c'mon beat the hell out of Manchester City to be at the top again
#EU My candidate did not make it to the parliament  I hate losing!
#eu09 it's a new day for Italy (except for northwest and sicily) 
#eu09 Just gave my vote to EPP in hope for a sane and economy-aware parliament. Voter turnout traditionally low in Slovakia 
#eve online, got a vizan ankonin tag last nite  that was all that dropped
#F1 Boo - no Brundle Toyota baiting with the covers on 
#F1 Confirmed: breakaway series to be launched. Sad, really sad 
#f1 Ferrari seemed lost, no gains  *sigh* surprised by Brawn's first failure, but it's still Button-domination #maxout
#f1 Mark Webber is on the 2nd row in 4th sport for the start of Turkish F1GP, team mate Vettel has pole &amp; I don't have TV to watch 
#f1 Massa 6th with fuel problems; Kimi out = FAILARI! 
#f1 Oh Nelsinho  HEIKKI YOU'RE MY HERO
#f1 strategy did not work out for rubens.. 
#facup lol nice start Chelsea 
#FAIL #SAD   I cannot believe I share a gene pool with @rocky69rhodes
#fail @bebroadband flapping up &amp; down faster than the ears of a heffalump drowning in cotton wool  put-put-put-put-put-put-fffrrrrrtt...
#fail Impossible to change Twitter page background since 1 month+. 167 pages of comments from peeps in Twitter support. Still no solution 
#fail Sad to say the code libraries are irreparable, even the backup was fried. Plan B will require recovery from live sites; take longer 
#Fail Whale over 20x, Something technically wrong over 12x. Can't get on @twitter for over 45 minutes!! UGH!! 
#fakejowhiley i tried to beat you chris at signing up to twitter... but i failed because i spelt you name wrong!  #fakejowhiley
#fb I should consider taking a penmanship class. After using computers for so long, my hand writing has taken a hit. 
#Ferber -1 #waketraining -1 A long night.  Sandhya had to hold him from 12am to 4am, and he still woke at 5:30 
#FF My Twitta Boo @BlacknightBK Even though he thinks all I Tweet about is A-A-A-A-A-A-ALCOHOL   Y'all know I'm crazy random
#fieldnotes I ordered some on the 8th and they still haven't arrived. 3 weeks and still no books 
#firebug conflict with #twitter web, can't remove mistaken tweet easily 
#firefox 3.5RC1 93% on acid3 and not smooth 
#firstrecord i actually have no idea  *think* my first cassette was Hangin' Tough by NKOTB. first 7&quot; Leave A Light On by Belinda Carlisle!
#Fishbone @fishbonesoldier are as good as ever.  Great gig but where was sunless sat ?  still, I have new FB tshirt !
#fitnessramp Missed another session today   Felt too sore! Days: 197 Sessions: 145
#flyinglushes #flyinghussies DD19 says its time 4 her to have computer now,  guess I'll have to be gracious and let her have it
#flylady 5pm Holiday w/e fast coming to an end  Heatwave here in Denmark, so grilling sausages etc for dinner. Off to start barbie!
#flylady drats! forgot to take the meat out of the freezer, now we have to figure something else out for dinner  means spending more money
#flylady Good Morning! ds's had me up at 7  dh working today, so it's just us 3.  french toast &amp; bacon has been consumed by all,
#flylady hello fly/twitter friends!!  got the kids up a little early, 2ndds10 and dd rode bikes to school, 1stds10's tires are flat 
#flylady trying to move on from the fact I didn't do my BBR.  DirecTV has free movie channels this weekend and I was up late watching tv. 
#flylady went outside, beautiful breeze today, however, I think I inhaled something, now I can't stop coughing 
#Fnwc Power's out I'll be back on in a bit cont w/o me.  No interwebz for me. 
#followfriday  #followfriday  #followfriday  #followfriday  Ich dachte es wÃ¤re #filthyfriday 
#followfriday  No one ever follows me  
#FollowFriday @blwbyrd .... but it's only Thursday 
#FollowFriday @FatWrok @mattyriley      -i'll ff anyone back if you ff me, but i can't think of anyone atm. 
#FollowFriday @peeriemoot @calumvs @sadbuttrue @stanup @krissi55 @lostgirl66  More later, for now, work...  
#followfriday @Rickula once drugged an eskimo &amp; shipped him off to the tropics, when the eskimo awoke, he told him the ice had melted 
#followfriday no idea what it is or why but I joined a cue once because I thought it might be something good and it was for cheap bananas 
#followme Followers don't seem so loyal anymore  lost some just by taking a break from updating.
#freakyfriday Slipped in the shower and fell. Lucky to escape with just a couple of concussions! 
#freeagentapp free trial ran out today, cannot subscribe because Abby accidentally canceled my card - still waiting for a new one 
#freebies are multiplying. Found 3 more of this: http://tinyurl.com/mg46c6 and 8 of this: http://tinyurl.com/lwpzrn DM me. UK only 
#frenchopen its 5-5 now, with serves 
#frenchopen Sod loses the firwst game of the third set. A very bad start, Sod is a break down now 
#fuckpeoplethat own a G1 right now lol! Cause mine is buggin 
#FULLSERVICE why wont my pic show. 
#FunFact I hate watching sports  I know it's because I don't understand the games, but *tilts head* I don't think I wanna learn, so *shrug
#FUQTWITTER because im awake and want to watch lakeview terrace but i keep pausing to check it 
#fuqtwitter does twitter hate their followers? 
#gameporn I just tried thinking up something Okami-based, but then I had this horrible mental image involving painting lube and yiff. 
#GAMING: Enhanced Monkey Island is back with new episodes on PC, Wii &amp; Xbox, no mention of PS3  http://tinyurl.com/qpqhsz
#genealogy woes: &quot;Site down for maintenance, try again later.&quot; Dweebs.  Stuff to do! Gimme site back!
#georgiatheatre can't believe Georgia theatre burning down... sad day in athens ga.... 
#gfail strikes again ?!? not able to open gmail 
#Glasto question.. how long does it normally take to escape on the Monday? I now have to be somewhere on the Monday afternoon 
#Gmail is very ropey for me today 
#gonzpiration The streaming is still a problem here 
#goodpussy is pussy that swells up while ya dick in there from poundin it out, and u get a hardtime goin back in 
#GoodPussy is yet to be consistant! 
#goodpussy makes u sad when u havent had it n a while @mysize_barbie 
#goodsex I'm sad and want people to tweet me to make me happier. please  follow and tweet!
#goodsex is if I'm having it... 
#goodsex is when you get it!!.... *Grrr can you tell &quot;I ain't gettin any&quot; 
#GP2 coverage is on Setanta2 - channel 539 on Virgin Media - still not as good as iTV's job last year. Miss Charlie 
#GQMF I'm starting to feel like we're trying to make 'fetch' happen and it just isn't going to happen. 
#H&amp;M don't have my dress anymore ANYWHERE! and I had to return mine cause it had a hole in it 
#H1N1 has arrived 
#Halifax #MetroCenter #CirqueDuSoleil how many of you Haligonians on Twitter made it to the Cirque show(s) this weekend? I Didnt 
#happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen  
#HarpersIsland Please don't let it be Jimmy 
#haveyouever been delisted from wefollow? We have  Please follow us now at: @splashbackco
#haveyouever been followed by this guy @PeterAbbott he must thing I am obese, meanie head 
#haveyouever broke your ankle in gym class?? .... *guilty face* 
#Haveyouever dated a guy who has a better looking brother...dam this always happens 2 me 
#haveyouever drive in the rain? 
#haveyouever fell down in the hallway bk in high school &amp;&amp;every1 seen so you gotta play it off like it didn't hurt n laugh w/ every1 
#haveyouever felt heartbroken? 
#haveyouever forgetten to eat before the dentist appointment? 
#haveyouever forgotten to turn off your alarm clock on your day off 
#haveyouever gone shopping on your lunch break? I do that way too much 
#haveyouever heard the wolf cry to the blue corn moon? OMG!LOL!  So predictable of me.
#haveyouever isn't trending anymore  that was up longer than i thought it'd be.  some ppl have very weird/dirty minds, def entertaining!
#haveyouever Looked at someones icon thought they looked good. Then click the large pic just to realize you were wrong? 
#haveyouever seen a meteor shower?...i haven't 
#haveyouever seen a vagina in person... 
#haveyouever seen somebody waving or talkin in your direction so you started waving or talking back only to realize it wasnt for u ? 
#haveyouever tried to fulfill your dreams ... but failed hardcore?  
#haveyouever wanted to give something special to ur father on his day but u have done all?? 
#haveyouever wanted to start a trending topic but thot no1 would be on it 
#haveyouever waved at someone who wasn't waving at you? many times 
#haveyouever wish you could get into someone's head to change it &amp; make this person better? 
#haveyouever wished 4 something so bad u thought u had it in the bag....I didn't win the lotto last night 
#haveyouever wished microsoft never had to update xbox live? i'm so sad i can't play cod4 live. 
#haveyouever wished that your sleeping patterns were normal?..i wish i wasn't an insomniac  bleh
#haveyouever wished you kept your finger out of the pie 
#haveyouever written a test and didn't learn until the night before the test? well that's what i do all the time  i don't mean to though.
#heyxboxlive Probably shouldn't mention any show with Drew Carey considering what he's done to Major Nelson 
#hobart i've lost 2 dogs in the vicinity of rokeby, big black one, small white one 
#HomeMADE = disappointing result, I really liked Leonie 
#honestsundays uhhhh...im sorry but im not feelin the Ego remix  i love it aint my girl, but not so much ego...i still love him tho! lol
#hosteurope e-mail down  nervt
#hosteurope sucks big times. third downtime within some weeks 
#howarewe 4/10. Watching 2 pints and my legs REALLY hurt and I don't know why! Can't sleep because of it 
#howarewe 7/10 - Got a bit of toothache...  If it wasn't for that I'd be 9/10...
#HTPC is being jumpy playing blu-ray  I blame Vista. Might try it with xp mce one day.
#iconfess i know the words to backstreet boys-i want it that way and enjoy singing it on karaoke 
#Iconfess i watch &quot;little people, big world&quot; just to chuckle to myself 
#iconfess ive faked more organisms then i can count, n then had the nerve to give the bitch props after. 
#iconfess I've never seen Roots...and I'm Black. 
#iconfess.. I have insecurity issues 
#Ideal will miss it for another year 
#iforum - currently peeved that I have to pay for wireless in the hotel :x - this didn't happen at pubforum 
#ihate that old lady in the Wal-Mart commercials with the big teeth.  lmao!!! Not really... she just irks me. Awww... 
#iloveit when @djaggisbreezy and @mz_cherish27 try to start a trend and nobody hops on the bandwagon 
#imtiredof this corn on my foot!!! and it's hot outside too! somebody asked me if my foot was making popcorn. unfortunately, i said yes 
#inaperfectworld  @Jonotorious and @que_day26 really would be married  lol
#inaperfectworld @imjacquihazel would really undertstand me.  
#inaperfectworld Aaliyah would still be here ..... 
#inaperfectworld artist,casting directors &amp; directors will use more black models in videos.even the light skin models arent light enough 
#inaperfectworld berlusconi shuld stay in prison and not at the government of my country 
#inaperfectworld Cilicia, Ashley, Charlene, Erica, Jennifer, Star, Jade, ME and the rest of them would all still be friends  I miss the..
#inaperfectworld computers wouldn't get viruses 
#inaperfectworld Crack would make you sterile! 
#inaperfectworld everybody would be rich and would get everything we wanted, would be famous and pretty!! ..but this world is not perfect 
#inaperfectworld everybody would get along 
#inaperfectworld Everything would be awesome, and people wouldn't be such mean freaks. 
#inaperfectworld global warming would make it warm here. At least in summer 
#inaperfectworld I could move to the USA without the need for a Green Card 
#inaperfectworld I was married to my ex and we lived happily ever after 
#inaperfectworld i would be able to meet my Chinese great-grandfather and talk to my late grandfather Fredie Ho-Sang...RIP 
#inaperfectworld i would gaming up til i got tapped out  http://www.gamernook.com/leongamer thanks 
#inaperfectworld i would have a job 
#inaperfectworld i would live in america so i would have more chance of going to @peterfacinelli twitter victory do! 
#inaperfectworld I would live next door to my babies 
#inaperfectworld I would never have to wrap my hair at night and flat iron it before I go out 
#inaperfectworld I would not be fussing over x-files and have a higher GPA  ohhhh yea!
#inaperfectworld I wouldn't ever drop a tear  damn you love!
#inaperfectworld i wouldn't have a headache right now 
#inaperfectworld I wouldn't have to go to work 
#inaperfectworld i'd be asleep right now 
#inaperfectworld I'd move to puertorico &amp; live there for the rest of my life. I have to go back there. I miss my family down there  &lt;33
#inaperfectworld it still wouldn't be quite perfect 
#inaperfectworld Lil Wayne wouldn't have gotten New New pregnant...that was a letdown 
#inaperfectworld My folks wouldn't have to go back to South Africa on Saturday 
#inaperfectworld my iphone wouldnt freeze up 100 times a day 
#inaperfectworld my super annoying poodle wouldn't have a bark high pitched enough to shatter glass... and my eardrums oi 
#inaperfectworld my twiggaz would talk back to me 
#inaperfectworld no one would hate on Danny Gokey 
#inaperfectworld the #iranelection would be resolved and everyone would get some #goodpussy. But we won't because #gokeyisadouche 
#inaperfectworld the hurricane festival wouldn't start without me today 
#inaperfectworld there would be no such thing as the flu! My friend is too sick to come see me tomorrow 
#inaperfectworld There would only be 1 championship, and the FOTA teams wouldn't breakaway from the FIA 
#Inaperfectworld there wouldn't be racism  These kind of things make me sad
#inaperfectworld they would still make rascals. I miss rascals 
#inaperfectworld you'd like me back 
#inaperfectworld, this could never happen. #inaperfectworld you'd still be here. This tweet makes me miss my Grand Parents even more 
#inaperfectworld... i could step outside without makeup and it wouldn't scare little kids 
#iPhone 3.0  Just checked itunes update and it says my iphone software is upto date...    looks like 1200est has come and gone
#iPhone 3.0 OS is actually slower for me, commonly my apps open to a blank screen until they finally load 
#iPhone 3G S on sale in france at 00:01 tonight @ â‚¬149 w/ new plans. pre-sale sold out: http://bientotchezorange.event.orange.fr/ 
#iPhone 3gs line in Annapolis 32 gig white is gone  http://twitpic.com/7snwl
#iPhone developers please note. STOP making great games. It's costing me  a small fortune 
#iphone is working with #vista now. and yes...#apple sux. it seems to be that my #powerbook is outdated. not enough #usb power 
#iPhone may be case-less for the first day or two. 
#iphone order status is 'shipped' but no tracking number   Anyone know if Fedex requires signature for delivery?
#iphone suck  and i only say this cause i dont have one ..lol
#iPhone3GS I guess it's all about the 'video'. 
#iranelection - 56 prisoners were released today from Evin prison, my cousin was not one of them 
#iranelection and they have 'all the bullets, tanks and guns' 
#iranelection but they called it back for re-count booh 
#iranelection Click here for huge photo and video library of what happening inside Iran! http://tinyurl.com/ngg4wv Many people humbled. 
#Iranelection I am feeling increasingly helpless as the day goes on. 
#iranElection I cant find how to change my time - Iran/Tehran does not sppear to be an option for me  lol http://tinyurl.com/nlooh5
#iranelection omg this is so bad 
#iranelection Someone should airdrop guns into Iranian cities so protesters could protect themselves. 
#iranElection the only way to get this to actually work is for every family who is now protesting to raise their kids this way. no joke 
#iranelections Iran protests are so bad, goverment bans intl reporters from reporting from ground, and people remain anon. Bad, Bad, Bad, 
#IRCE better than expected comp 2 last yr. Fly out tomrw? We'll see. 2 bad 2 not c my Sox while here  Been too long since I lived in BOS.
#iregret not caring about lee jung hyun when she started 
#iremember catching one of the guitarist picks from Aleana - then dropping -Some rude boy grabbed it before I had a chance to bend down 
#iremember drinking coke and spilling it all over my keyboard. 
#iremember grott bags, oh my god im getting old 
#iremember having a crush on Romeo Santana from Steve Harvey http://www.jitaministries.com/flossi5.gif Also . R.i.P 
#iremember i had a tamagotchi and killed it while it was only a tiny beating heart and they got banned from school. 
#iremember i had a tamagotchi and killed it while it was only a tiny beating heart and they got banned from school.  http://bit.ly/aUQGk
#iremember i remember how you use to treat me...now all you do is beat me 
#iremember Nintendo gamepad that you had to run on to get the runners to run. Never could beat Cheetah. 
#iremember not having terrible hayfever 
#iremember Pogs, yoyos, sherbert straws and Gogos at school. Man those things were go fun they always got banned 
#iremember power rangers... and my crush on the red ranger. and saturday morning cartoons. what happened to them?! 
#iremember romper room!! my name was never called, it always made me sad 
#iremember The ending of the Bones Season 4 finale  'who are you?' I mean c'mon are you trying to make me break down ?
#iremember the first thoughts of GSW  they weren't good either
#iremember the happy feeling when you get your first salary... and right after that, sadness to realize how fast money goes away...    
#iremember when @brooklynpublic libraries had the best, coolest summer programs. before funding was slashed. 
#iremember when Aaliyah was the number one female artist.  RIP
#iremember when Aarton Senna crashed in San Marino 
#iremember when arsenal was such a feared team 
#iREMEMBER when he loved me 
#iremember when I believed I could be anything I wanted when I grew up. Now I'm grown up. 
#iremember when i got a shot on my butt 
#iremember when i had money... where did it all go? 
#iremember when I tried to get on wit @knichole25 . She wouldnt let me 
#iremember When I used to get like 8 goodmorning text messages from girls...now I only get like 2 
#iremember when I was cool 
#iremember when I was sick before I started my business, I could curl up for days and be a baby until I got better. 
#iremember when me and my big brother used to kick it....  
#iremember when my dad caughting me smoking...he took my blunt &amp; smoked it in my face. 
#iremember when my first love died 
#iRemember when my programs just plain worked. This error is killing me! 
#iremember when the Bulls where the best NBA team. #iremember when Mexico was the best team in the CONCACAF. 
#iremember when the only thing we'd worry about in school was peeing in our skirts 
#Italy, stole the world cup from Australias hands in 2006  NOT THIS TIME THO!!
#iwish I could pick between music business major or businss admin. major HELP 
#iwould do anything  to have my brothers, uncle and granddad back here. 
#javaone is over ...  will we ever ever ever have another #javaone ??? 
#JONANDKATE RUSH THE SEPERATION WITHOUT THINKING ABOUT THE KIDS OR GOING FOR HELP (THERAPY) IM SAD 4 THE KIDS..I REALLY AM 
#jonaskevin and now im sad again 
#jonas-turnright is beautiful and the guitars with the violins are kinda sad   love it.
#jpop Listening to Globe!!! Still no news about Globe coming back after T.K. pleaded guilty to fraud. I miss Globe 
#karachi is sleeping rite now.. i wonder why people sleep through sundays here... 
#karachi: anp's having to shut down units + the ban on imran's visit will define the future of this city and it's capitulation to force 
#Karunanidhi's statement about #Prabhakaran has left me speechless 
#KPWTSylt and out the main event...  doubles here I come!
#Lahore @ EssexEating only been to Lahore.  http://tinyurl.com/dbdjvz
@youreyesdontlie it aint workin properly  and it's better than yesterday but still stings, im goin 2 school 2morrow tho 
@youreyesdontlie why? 
@YourFav_Redhead bummer YIM doesn't seem to do that!! 
@yourfriendjennn http://twitpic.com/6ryll - You didn't kidnap me. 
@YourFutureBF I wanna go clubbing! 
@yourfuturewife last I checked we managed to wipe out some species, cause global wars, and the list goes on. So it's more of a epic fail 
@yourimpact I'm sorry. Things like that should never happen. 
@yourlegsgrow it really is 
@YourMrBumbles aw thanks all is ok-been busy at work-working 2 nights &amp; 5 days at mo  body trying 2 adjust LOL...cider been neglected 2!!
@YourOrganicLife Ideal Bite is owned by disney, so I just &quot;unfollowed&quot; them. 
@yourrBESTFRIEND LOL so true so true. wish we went to metro 
@yourrBESTFRIEND oh wow O.O damn! Just today? 
@YourSpecialV i miss you!  saw victor and laura and other people this weekend. not the same without you!
@YourStylist i kept my eyes peeled for you with no joy! 
@YourTheCutest nope, thats what i didnt get to have tonight 
@YoussefSarhan I forget what typeface I started with, but I modified pretty heavily. Not much helpâ€”sorry 
@youstalkjamie and that hurt 
@youtah I miss the cheat 
@youthinkyouknow ako din eh hehe. pero nawalan talaga ako ng gana bumili mula ng masunog yung collection ko. hay 
@Youtube is still not letting me accept friend invites! Sorry guys 
@youtube why do we wait so long for the video to upload to have it have to upload again 
@youtubemark45ac @BellaBKNY @Rachele77 @zurplemoon @xjaeva   Courageous lady!   Sad    RIP
@youulovemee she is good! so gor-juz yea i kno i asked her yesterday when we were at tha hospital if she talked to u and she said no 
@youwatchme I spilled coffee on her  I'm sending her to be fixed but a new computer is coming soon.
@yovegan is this a good thing? Sorry for my unilingual ignorance!  
@yowneh No. We didn't 
@yowneh True ( I was actually watching a movie that time so I decided to nap first before I continue  But then... yeah :|
@yoyonb87 Great movie about friendship and love! Well, this movie everytime makes me cry!  I recommend to watch it!
@yoyoyokatty how insane was fatboy slim? No one wanted ro go with me I was so down 
@yqed hellotxtfeed.com looks perfect. But the site is down.  That doesn't bode well.
@YrbkladyCarla I wish... I am just takig him to the train station.  what's your schedule like next week?my mom, sis &amp; grammy come monday!
@yrclndstnlvr i saw everyoneeee today except you darlinggg.  i didnt have time to run upstairs before math started for you. i sorry!
@YRJewelryGal I'd die without her.  If she ever left me, I'd have to take up... working. 
@YSLaurenT u should be here nowwwwwwwww!! i miss u 
@YsMum I had big plans for today. I wanted to head out to Boundary Bay to see the Herons 
@ytrahne Sadly mine disbanded this week. 
@Yuddylicious He hatez me. 
@yue_y Never mind... I just read this morning's NYTimes. 
@yuglook join the club 
@yuhtee same ah. NEXT IS US  Cheeeeeee
@Yuifan16 Awww, well damn... I was going to try and get  more out of you since you were already there getting his underwear.... 
@Yuifan16 I miss you!!! 
@YuiNinja you still remember my twin ani? she has a surgery today while im away from her. im afraid of it 
@YuiYamana Make it go away 
@yukai_chou Sorry, but I find it slightly ghoulish to be photographing the environs of an accident.. 
@YukiB Iknow, I am just jealous and hate to be cold in June 
@yukichan1960 I hope they do another AAA. cons in æ—¥æœ¬ is too expensive 
@yukihoang and of course it happens on the day I got a carwash. 
@yukikato i miss u. never call me  i saw ur car last night at 11.30 pm where r u from?
@yukitea  its okay we replace it back with our fun fun fun fun memories!
@YuleHeibel sometimes there is nothing but hard work that will do.  Thanks for once again showing the way.Missed #democamp 
@yuliakatkova Sounds like you have had lots of problems with your Internet! 
@yum9me You kind of deserved that one 
@yumeninja im regretting it!  it feels SO heavy and now i feel gross.
@yumichika - you are awake because obv. you were meant to be in my country, not yours 
@YumiFujii you look around that age LOL sorry and I don't talk to jonas fan1122 thts my cousin 
@yumiki @NickNeutron hope u guys cud have been here to taste it... 
@YumiYoko well i guess we are in the some boat. i dont hava life i work work work im only off 4days a month  
@yummiestars i heard about that, too bad im at work and cant watch it 
@YUMMommies aww...I hate shots  Kiss baby for me tho....and Breantly sends her love â™¥
@yummymammy you and me both mammy! 
@Yummyone lol. i don't. now my mac is off 
@Yummyone morning hon how are you? Weather looking a bit crappy 
@yumnayousry: just got over saturday night silliness...going throughsunday morning withdrawal syndrome 
@yumstationery are u guys not together? 
@YunaKins92 dang I wishhhh!  but I'd have to leave now and I'm still in my pjs
@yung_b  dayum we was supposed to go in on dat 2getha.. u forgot bout me 
@yungboss89 get'n ready for work ! madd tiredd  lol
@YungCed packing bout to go to movies n  asec, i jsut got a migraine 
@YungCEO I got ur aim... Sorry  I'm not gonna be in Atl till this weekend.. Good luck tho!
@YungCEO i know! and LALA has it to now  smh
@YungCEO i never here form u either  the love is not on this twitter i see lol
@YungCEO no my flight is tomorrow,  I had my dates mixed 
@YungCEO nuthin muchhh!!!! jus chillin bored..  what you doin ?!
@yungDBerg haha nooo sayy it aint so!! 7 year old &quot;i love sportscenter&quot; lol 
@YungDollas I have 2 work 2night  .....wen re we all bout 2 kick it again?
@yungfr3sh718 lol nah i dont 
@yungkickz we may be duped though.....i still cant get it.  ?  
@yunglarry LARRYYYYYY YOU NEVER RESPOND    HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
@YungLayback that is nasty as hell and unsanitary 
@Yungmarvingaye  MaYbE NeXt TiMe, We HaVe All SuMMa
@yungmenace Because I dont feel like Fav Girl anymore 
@Yungon 3 days in heaven and a week in hell... Final term starts from tomorrow. This is an disaster! 
@YungStreetz aww poor baby its gon be ok 
@YungUniversity  sad day
@YunSTAR  i told u smthin wuld go wrong..thats what u get for goin 2 c flops.i feel sorry 4 u tho bro  *holds in laughter*
@YunSTAR can i come along  my mom and sis left without me (
@Yunzong we all wish it won't ever stop  #asot400
@yupyeahuhhuh The yyy's are my fav and I've never seen them. I have the worst luck when it comes to them.  
@Yurechko I no longer use Word on my laptop, I use OpenOffice 
@Yuricon If only Otakon were still worth attending.  
@yuriig  much love, bb.
@YuriLove your updates me so hungry 
@yurita86 no phone...    i'll probably get it tomorrow but it sucks cuz i needed it tomorrow
@Yuriyld why dont you ever tweet to me? 
@yusnizam dreading monday.. haih..what a life if your paycheck is depending on others 
@yusrihb Alla, sorry lah babe  I'm broke, why not take Aaron punya :p hahahaha
@YuYu85 I wish i liked them! haha. I wish i was any good at them! But, I'm not 
@yuzow Your shortened URL didn't work out, error: &quot;URL contained a malformed video ID&quot;  
@YvesAndreBFM BAHAHAHAHA sorry for waking you up sirr 
@YvesHanoulle Is what easy? Missed what you responded to 
@Yvethe It's kinda sad to thing that we only one last year in HS.   Buhooo.
@yvettenicole congrats on the test passing!! what was it for? oh, and enjoy some for me. no sonic close to here. 
@yvettenicole not getting thru? 
@Yvie its almost time for me to go to bed  stupid time zones
@Yvie no i haven't read the books either ..  i def want to see the movie. i think i'm the only 1 in the world that hasn't seen it lol
@Yvie ok stupid q lol .. is he from twitlight? i haven't even seen it yet  one of these days i will get to .. ugh!
@yvolalu - oh noes!  hope you're alright and injury isn't too serious, sounds nasty 
@yvonne93 hmzzzz  I already know them 
@yvonnechristina I am thinkin they are sour.    U love ur girls more than that.
@yvorockstar I am THERE! (but I don't think KP will be  Will I see you?!!! Noon? Awesome!
@yxxm I cant add you from my phone 
@yyelizz :o!  Awwwwh! I'm sorry! I hope your puppy comes back &lt;3&lt;3 
@yygallvox Am I wrong then  I dunno. I'm bad at guessing things. XD
@Yyss123 I'm 6 months removed from the dentist but thursday I have to go to the orthodonthist! :S That's big fun! 
@yyusuff Can't open the pic  Will try again later.
@yznw i swear that's a complete stranger and yes, out of no where  .. no idea hw yr tweets r tat powerful .. LOL
@z_mealor awh really?  i'm well gutted i missed it. this is the exact reason why i don't like dad having control over the tv. haha
@z0mbie_ ghey shots? not sure I had those 
@z1romusic  youch
@z4nder @stu_b yeah it was nice meeting him.  @z4nder sorry i never spoke to u, u had gone b4 i had the chance to 
@Z93Matt...yeah sucky, sucky 
@za5 They also said they had another incident the night before 
@zac_dance http://twitpic.com/7vivf - So cute. Im gonna miss you 
@Zac_Efron ahhhhh, i missed you being online  i love you sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much its untrue!!!
@zac_in_ak haha... I know... My friend with her black berry bold was rubbing it in. My curve doesn't get 3G... 
@zacc_g i know heeey    buu
@ZacharyCohn Wow. That sucks. Sounds worse than that time I got stuck in an elevator in Paris.  Good luck.
@zacharyxbinks it's 2am  I think kyle should go on blogtv tomorrow !
@zacharyxbinks oh how I hate the time difference between where you live and where i live. I've NEVA been able to see you on BlogTv! 
@zachblasko sometimes your twitter statuses make me want to kill a small child 
@zachc32 I wasn't even a bitch  and I told you I got a new phone and everything !
@zachcumer I was on the London underground and train declerated v rapidly... I kept going and smacked into a glass window with my arm... 
@zachflauaus  I have to have mine removed, too.  Not. Looking. Forward. To. It.  
@zachflauaus Crabby, crabby, crabby. 
@zachhyte I hate living in Australia  sometimes...
@ZachInBoston ugh im tied up all weekend  im babysitting now and going to DMB at Fenway tonight then im working tomorrow 9-6 boo!
@ZachMoore1 I thought I was going to see a pic of your clean car 
@zachnfine Ah...so it's a bit of PITA, then? Jeez...I really want these reasons not to get one to go away, but they won't. 
@ZachPolo :: you ate all of that one on our trip to new york  lol  .ell.oh.vee.ee.
@zachsang  do it at like like 9 causeee im babysitting haha or you should call me causeee im kinda bored right now 
@ZachSang Awww Poor Zach  I'm Sorry! That's Not Right Of People To Just Put Your Interviews Up On Youtube ! Like What !?!  Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
@zachsang when nina picked up my call lastnight i didnt know she was talking to me and i like totally didnt answerr 
@ZachThaMack Damn that's wack! I hope they catch the scoundrel. 
@zachtroberts gotta be honest, the thing that saddens me the most when looking at the tweets from #sbc2009 is that there are NO women 
@ZachTumin @ZachTumin Aye, that's the rub. What will be critical is how the &quot;soon&quot; in &quot;one day soon&quot; turns out 
@zachzachzack but they're still scary 
@zacislost Ahhh crap! I replied as soon as the Twitter API served up ur tweet. Sincere apologies 
@zack_addy Cause I got it that I haven't  truthful friends   and I was crying long time (lol)
@zackalltimelow aww apparently you're having girl issues zack! 
@zackalltimelow dude what is it like out there? i wanna go sooo bad. 
@zackalltimelow happy birthday zack! i have 2 go 2 school 2day  im gonna make you a cake when i get home though. 4 days till the md show!
@zackalltimelow i SO need u in Brazil! 
@zackalltimelow im cut you guys are playing in the pub when in melbourne  means i cant go
@zackalltimelow you can't let it get to you though, they'd probably kiss your ass if you were in front of them  dbags will be dbags
@zackdft I wish it was nice enough to go outside! 
@zackdft Zack you suck! What's w/ the refusing to ship shit out of the US?  no fair I want the FOB stage banner 
@ZackHatcher Maybe. But Matt doesn't do stuff like that. 
@zackmcdougall When is the announcement? I suspect I won't get to hear it live this year  The 3.0 software is already pretty hott.
@zackotronic got FANBOYS bluray off ebay that works region1.  Alliance is the distributor. Can get off amazon canada too. No features tho 
@Zackpianko oh no! What happened?! Who do I need to beat up! So sorry that happened! 
@zackpw algebra sucks. I am so sorry 
@ZackRabbit I think we lost Doc... and it's my bed time, so I gots ta say g'night now 
@ZacLevi haters!  i think you can block people, but that's only if they are following you.
@zacofficial ur a poser cause zack or cole doesnt have twitter. 
@zacseif make your followers follow me. 3000+??!!? you lapped me 
@zacseif well how long r u in town? and i couldnt get off work so no 
@Zaferroni not sure what happened to the dog. He was running down the freeway. I hope he didn't get hit by a car. So sad  I luv animals
@Zafieraa yeeaa  maybe on off? lets try haha
@zafka early june... i guess i will go to BJ on May 35th. But I want to meet you here in shanghai for TEDxShanghai stuff to discuss... 
@zaharh that sucks!  how old are you actually?
@zaheyraw ohhh im sorry  thats never easy.
@zaia09 bru not asthma attack.  Its vertigo.. not sure what the cause daw., but my blood pressure drop.. hay..sicky talaga ako.. 
@zaibatsu I was wondering the same thing  (hence my rt)
@zaibatsu it seems to work if you add on a profile page but not if you try add from your followers - been happening all day I'm afraid 
@zaibatsu It's too big for my 1280x800 screen to show it all. 
@zaibatsu What is the API limit, I see this on mine but I don't understand 
@ZaibatsuPlanet lol sure...but the glare from the penthouse glass windows will ruin it  will strive 4 another photo opp!
@Zaidah1 Last day here in Dubai  Our things will be picked up now (hopefully) and 2night is our last supper.2morrow at 2.45 p.m. we'll fly
@Zaidah1 yeah.. just saw the last episode! Its finished for me now! 
@zainemoonlight   ym ?? your not online   we missed each other for minutes 
@zainshah where were you bro?  Bruce caught me with a  flurry of punches -  nose is bruised right now 
@zainz um sama leish il procrastination? :p miss you terribly 
@zaitonrahmat i kedunno what happened :/ my skype is still online but I don't see you  i'm going to shower quick quick..
@Zak8022 I know. Its a sad, sad day. 
@zakcohen i don't know what i've done to piss off the google gods  i investigated G Sites for someone to host a static page 
@Zakiyalynn Wow! That's great!  I wish I worked at a Lush..LOL I have a family to support though so I need to have a salary. 
@zakkubond http://twitpic.com/7d0vn - 4get abt dis.. hey send tat pic wich i lik.. ur wearin tat spex toy in tat.. pleeee pleeaeesh 
@Zakupilot256 I have LoL (heheh), but I think it's glitchy now.  You know how PS1 game discs are.
@Zakupilot256 Will there be more updates to the PS1 Classics on the PSN? Every time I look there aren't any new additions. 
@zalyazid sandwich! i miss rice.  haven't had rice in two weeks! another two weeks to go~
@zamare @nicolemarie210 Nicole and I don't like it there  LOL! But, we'll go where ever you want cause it's YOUR Bday biatch!
@zameerella I just want to sleep. My cough got worse today. Idk how it's gonna be tomorrow 
@Zammie255  i'm so sorry girly =( what else has happened? hmm are there any close besides that one? is that the one erin was coming to?
@zamon And there was me thinking at least it got you some time off work  Still, I'm sure you have more peace and quiet to work at home.
@zandraisabelle morning hun. &lt;3333333 aww.. too bad.  I'm here for you. &lt;3 same here. I woke up by only feeling pain i my head. :/ ily &lt;3
@ZaneDeFazio People are jerks. Is your brother okay?  And see, you need to be careful on those things!
@zanelowe buillion played at the roundhouse on friday night for the Sonar London launch...i was there but i missed it...gutted 
@zanelowe come to portsmouth uni and dj in our uni pub, the clubs been shut down 
@zanelowe Lucky you, my best mates drove down to Glasto from Scotland last night but i'm working 
@zanelowe your tweets confuse me 
@zanessafreak93 I'll miss you too sweety. Nothing is the same when you're not here  ... But I hope you have a lot of fun *1000 kisses*
@zanessalove01 horrible  btw thank you
@Zanettie olo  to the roof not the outlaw
@Zaniac, NOOOOOOOOOO!!! I WORKED THRU LUNCH!!! :o canteen closed and im such the hunger!! moaaaaaaan!!! 
@zanidia im still on the road, sorry  whassup?
@Zannabanana no true! I didn't come ;-) I have been traveling so much that I was forgeting my kids 
@zannemichaels Yeah I'm not sure if I like it 
@Zanneth i know how you feel...87 where I live 
@zanraf: i'm very very worried!! 
@Zanthina He took 1/2 of yesterday off but we can't afford for him to miss work.  My parents are going to help us in the evenings. \
@ZanTruluck It was just very off today. And I looooove church. I think there a stampede getting out. 
@zanydude  Now that might be a serious problem   Toast it may be then !
@zanylikethat Same. It's keeping me typing ridiculous and hilarious things by accident! But also not good for the job applications. 
@zanzoon omg!! I saw something about a flood in your area on the news... be careful zaina 
@ZapAmna today is so boring with out ya lol all did was watched movies  very sad..
@zaphodmcmillan Ack! Monday morning with no coffee sounds bad 
@Zappos_Service SKU7492211 is BEAUTIFUL....but too dark!  Wish I had something else to wear them with!
@zara_arshad The Mongols ran away 
@Zaraa_x  hope you're okay, didn't know him but RIP 
@Zaraa_x :O awwwwwws why not? cuz of your grandad? 
@Zaraa_x woo. science sats exam on friday 
@ZaraGreen Hey sis remember that bid I put in a week or so ago? I didn't get it.  They went with local entertainment.
@zarathevegan Working. Delivery day tomorrow. 
@ZARCOMOD aww thank you sweety!!!  you coming for dinner? I havent heard from anyone other than aggie 
@Zardoz_Puke I want some Comet 
@zaren i can't imagine not getting the princess bride or python 
@zaren well finally, jeez, ppl have only been screaming about it for 15-20 years or so.  Slowly all mine are getting changed to white.
@zarigee i almost chose that and wendys last night but the stoner crew was in full force there. 
@zarinah i was sleep  is it every sunday?
@ZarinTG Idhar aa  okay fine.. let em poke in my stuff (SHIT).. u keep the D msgs on.. 
@zashhh what happened?  have you heard the audish new alb yet?! soso good&lt;3
@zatamove @ashleystinson25 wish I was there with you lovely ladies  miss you and love you both.
@Zatannna Nice ! I made a t-shirt with my coat of arms on it , but the washing machine ruined it !  Hope you get to sell yours ! 8)
@Zatannna Nothing else to do ! no-one wants to see my paintings 
@zawfi  Morning there mate, early day for you out there in CA? It should be nice, least the sun is shinning, rain will pour in later 
@zawfi oh gosh no. i dont even have a dog  im getting ready to go get some fresh air in newport beach ;-)
@zayatz i did add you!! i cant believe u said that! 
@zaydia but i cant figure out how to get there / back / pay for a hotel etc 
@zayneelady  I'm hoping for the same thing, but it doesn't look like it. 
@zayneelady I think quitting means we give up that option. 
@ZaZi_09 lol i would but i dont have ne gas money girl  we can plan a trip later in the summer when the money is rite
@zazzle not following my zazzle tweets? 
@zbeauvais it's sloshing down in Telford 
@zbpipe Jealous of you going to NECC - I presented a couple of years ago, but not going this year   Enjoy, I certainly have in the past!
@zcargile  it wasn't my fault...I said a prayer for it...and I feel really bad
@zcookiemonster lol omg yes we will be epic winners only you won last time 
@ZDAEfron and @hudgensness why are u two fighting. 
@ZDAEfron i just won concert tickets but i can't go its in another state 
@ZDAEfron Nuffin Muffin just sad i canceled my myspace account 
@Ze3ky worked 9 hours 
@zebedeejane i know im in for the day scotts taking the car so i cant go anywhere 
@zebedeejane No guarantee btw that this will get made - v early stages and they always develop more projects than they make anyway.. 
@tweetdeck what happened to TD today? Lots of problems with it not updating at all! 
@TweetDeck what happened to the unread tweet counter? That was one of my favourite features of tweetdeck. 
@TweetDeck Why wont tweetdeck keep the group members in sync between computers? mine are definitely not 
@TweetDiane Poor thing. Must b hard.   1 day she'll realize it's for the best. Sounds like he's a jerk. @ her age, they can't see that.
@TweetDiane Weird...just found tweets from you from last night.No, not going to afterparty. A bit hard on a Sunday night w work next day 
@tweeter93 I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@tweeterchili can u even believe it?!?!  i kinda saw it coming  hopefully izzie is w/ us
@TweetFakes Yeah, just heard on the radio they found sit, life vest kerozen near rio 
@tweetfan09 awww well I just moved to sacramento from san diego. I miss it like crazy 
@tweetforatat Unfortunately, no!  Still have lots of packing to do... And thanks darling! 
@tweetheart7 Thanks-kilt plan must go ahead!!! Missing Jordan, lots  How u? xx
@tweetie my at replies have been messed up for weeks 
@tweetieelovee haha no its just a pain n th bum to start my laptop  lol im thinkin of gettin the ipod touch for wifi lol
@tweetieelovee haha. No   I wish I live n San francisco area I like it out here but I miss Hawaii
@tweetieelovee oh yay! thats awesomeee!! any cool plans for the summer. im bored rite now  lol
@tweetiepooh in fairness this is a smaller than average double bass, but it is still 3 inches too big to fit in the boot of my mondeo 
am sick from playing in the sun too much 
am sick, i hate being sick, and the doc wont let me work because i have the flu... not that flu! just the regular flu.. 
am so bored right now 
am so bored today  xxx
am so devastated about the ending of Lipstick Jungle ... enjoyed a marathon session this weekend ... miss the girls already 
am so exhausted my body is shutting down.  good night tweeters! oox!
AM so happy Melpulled an all nighter for my bday!!!! you are a champion!! and guess what???? I dont have Swine FLU!!!  DAMN WORK
Am so not getting enough sleep. In bed by 12:42am &amp; up by 4:59am. (Waking up once @ 3:58) That's 4 hours &amp; 17 minutes of sleep. 
Am so not in the mood for P.E today! 
am so not sleepy, and I should be.  will try again in just a moment.
am so out of it after taking some codral 
Am so pissed off at my counsellor and her assistants. They keep on changing my appointment times.  Compulsory sessions somore wtf.
Am so ready to go home and sleep. Tomorrow morning is going to suck. 
am so sick. Down with a terrible flu n sorethroat and it keeps getting worse no matter what i do  sigh..rest day today..
Am so sleepy and tired but still have to work  http://myloc.me/3UfV
am so tired but cant sleep due to painful leg  thought it would b a good idea2try a handstand after havin a few drinks ...
Am so tired I am shaking 
Am so tired!! I have a poorly twin with a fever and diahorrea 
am so tired,i fell asleep in front of the pc 
am so upset for Nadal.......he's out of French Open. Lost to a 23-seed guy 
Am so worried fortonite debate between Karroubi and Ahmadinejad! 
am sooo annoyed at myself...too much social/dj drinking in the last 48 hours has ruined my appetit and am in Italy. what a waste 
Am sooo incredably tired this morning 
am SOOO jelouse of the people goin to see the Jonas Brothers in 13 at wembely 
am soooo tired!! wanna go to bed 
am sooooooo lookin 4ward to 1/2 term. sadly course work awaits.... 
am still at work and have to work till 11 
Am still poorly so no work again  Infact i think i won't be going back again as i can't keep letting my friend down.
Am still thinking of the &quot;only-in-my-dreams-will-I-own-it&quot; E71. Sigh 
Am still tucked up in bed, loving the fact it's the weekend but wishing I didn't have to be somewhere at 10am 
am stressed out today 
Am struggling today on Father's Day.  I love you and miss you loads, Dad x x x
Am stuck at twitterfox...Nothing else loading... 
Am supposed to be reviewing for Geo but I have done all my review and all my notes are at home. 
am thinking its far to nice to be in a gloomy office 
Am thoroughly miserable, i hurt my back last Sunday and got took to hospital. I'm still in agony, it is really rubbish! No dancing for me 
am tired of coughing and blowing my nose... Cold, cold go away!! 
Am too excited about Download  Don't wanna wait a whole 8 days 4 hours and 58 minutes 
am too sunburnt to sleep  it hurts like hell!!!
am trying hard to study even though i just came back from 2 camps and washed out! omg..mst freaks me out... 
am trying play yovile on facebook but if feels 2 hard 
Am trying really hard to get a job over the summer. No luck so far 
Am trying to compress my 3gb pst file ... Its compacting 1bit/sec 
Am trying to figure out why people do what they do with no regards for other people 
Am uber distraught at the fact that I won't be able to watch the next episode of red thread 
Am up early on a Sunday ready to do DIY what is that all about 
am up if not awake ...brain says walk the dogs ... body says walk? ... go ahead I dare ya 
Am very depressed. 
am very jealous of all you having a lay in this bank hol, ive been at work since 7 
Am very upset (!) as I can't seem to locate my Labyrinth DVD anywhere! Really fancied watching Bowie sing in some tight leather trousers 
Am waiting... Gonna miss the fun i had in bintulu 
am watching into the blue on tv...its sometimes scary for me... maybe its not for me  xxx
am watching the Wings/Pens game and wishing it were the Flyers playing instead.  
Am wide awake...feel bad that I didn't get to pack lunch for the husband 
am working as usual 
am writing about how they not know me very well and they judge me for what i'm not what they want me to be.... 
Amanda coady is so indescribable - when can i fully understand her? I wish I had a piece of her brain  *rewriting research proposal again*
@tweetledee7 I know the feeling  lol
@tweetlelis ...didn't know you were sick   feel better, my lis!  ::loves and hugs::
@tweetmumah Just my pride is wrecked 
@tweetnotpurge1 hows your toe babe!?!?! ah no im so sorry to hear that happned  how u doing otherwise? xxx
@tweetnotpurge1 Nope. Not yet. 
@tweetpea those are a must , plus I am  a hand washing / gel freak. Becuz I have 2 fake hips I have  to be xtra careful about germs 
@TweetPeete I knw! and it's late over here!  LOL
@TweetRamona I was a bit... violent.... towards it 
@TweetRamona It's not very good. Muscle ache, blisters on my feet and the burned skin is hurting.  Hope you have a better one!
@TweetRamona That's just it, I rather not because that's what is causing the attack in the first place 
@tweetrimony unfortunately he is not on twitter.. so sad.. 
@Tweetsbian  sad, but hopefully will be turned around-- sooner than later. I'm having writer's block! :'( this paper is too hard to start!
Amanda coming home tomorrow! I'm picking her up from the airport! Can't wait to see her again, missed her so much 
amanda if you arent busy / dont mind can we come over today? im bored 
Amanda Nabila, don't you know that now i really missing you dear? 
amandas dance recital. lets hope it'll be done before newark nite is over (prolly not 
amazed with my legs, I can still walk normally. Went to the bookstore to look for The Runner's Body - its sold out! 
Amazing day with family. New ideas, inspired by places and people! Loving God's presence! Dog ate my cousin's wedding photos 
Amazing high-tech sushi conveyor belt http://www.japanprobe.com/?p=10874 Only in Japan 
amazing hoe people change over the course of a year  doesnt noe wut to do or believe anymore...
Amazing how a measly little sore throat can completely knock one on one's ass 
Amazing how every Monday the first thing i have to do is FUCKING ENGLISH HOMEWORK!  oh well at least got an extension. Off to work bye xx
Amazing how much crap is in the iPhone app store 
Amazing morning!! Weather is fantastic, pity about where we live though 
amazing Muse is. its really quite depressing. 
Amazing night last night but i'm paying for it now 
Amazing night with amazing friends. I already miss last night.  Congrats Colleen and Eric. Love you all!  Now to pass out... ZzzZzz :]
Amazing night! I can't explain how much I love my friends. And @billyraycyrus was amazing. Eventhough we never made it to Bobs Big Boy 
AMAZING NIGHT! Too bad it had to end 
Amazing number of Turkish spam in theaquarium's comments. Cleaning up... 
Amazing reception!! Too bad about the Cavs 
Amazing weather out yet I am stuck inside looking for employment and not on the Dead Wasp tour  
@TweetSG haha okay can tell me how many have i tweeted thru tweetsg? lmao. and IM TAKING MYSQL  term test this week. FML.
@TweetsOnly if that homer quote is true... It is a sad commentary on Mankind 
@TweetTex  Re: Wp 2.8. In 2.7 you could add your tags w/o needing to click the &quot;Add&quot; button  .. in 2.8 .. no add no tags  
@tweetweight 232.4 went WAY over my calorie budget yesterday. 
@Tweetygirl6 True that. And I missed going to the store.  I'll pick up the DG on Wednesday. I'm heading out in 15 minutes
@tweetypie08 spicy but no Liz Hurley 
@TweetyPieeeTGP  So sad about your puppies hunney   . Lof choo!
@tweetyworld Sorry just saw this and decided to respond! I am not sure where the Dj was but he was not at Leo's thats for sure! 
@twelfthminute I am still doing E Math, ugh, I hate you and your perfect sleep life 
@twelve20 I never did any successes in it... No spatial reasoning when it comes to smsth. on paper or screen 
@twelveeyes Oh no  I'm loading everything to the website now - I think I'll send it live in the morning though..
@twelveeyes re Libs - probably the same battle. The fact that KRudd &amp; co pretend to be more socially conscientious = more disappionting 
@Twenty4thEleven tell me about it 
Amazing weather out yet I am stuck inside looking for employment and not on the Dead Wasps tour 
Amazing wedding cakes is on!  Goodnight forreal forreal.
Amazing what spreadsheets can do. IAlso amazing the amount of garbage data that is entered into it, which defeats its usefulness. 
amazing, my brand new PARI neb broke. go figure. and it's the weekend. looks like i won't be getting another one until next week.  *sigh*
amazing.. too bad for susan boyle though  http://bit.ly/kQnlY
amazingly bored....what a gloomy day..  
amazingly fun night...I miss nights like that. now back to reality and lots of work. probably gonna be in the lib most of the day 
Amazon Remembers doesn't always work  #squarespace
amazon s3 plugin not worked in my website . it need PHP 5 . but my hosting provider has only PHP 4.4  . very sad.
Amber i don't know how often you check this, but i really miss you right now. Like, really really. So friggen much  i want a hug &lt;/Beth&gt;
Amberly pushed me off the bed  Lol.
Ambulance just came and took the neighbour's 5 or 6 month old baby away on stretcher with oxygen mask on.  Hope everything is ok.
ambushed by a cockroach. terror. 
Ambushed by histrionic friend. Sorry i didnt get to say bye 
Amdocs Officially announces #Salary #Freeze for 2009. (Read no Increments across the board) ..... Don't feel like working 
Amelia is having a rough night. I can't figure out wjais bothering her. 
Amelia woke up with a fever. 
amended TGIF:  family,retiremnt party (still not mine), VO class, marketing team X.  USS Rock &amp; Roll is sold out!  -hey, maybe i'll sleep!
america aint right. why did the us embassy deny my husband his visa. they said they need mo proof we married. iwanna cry   ~*~Mrs.Reid~*~
@zebr0 omg, nooooo. i won't!!! if anything, u will  ...um, i'll kill u first. but first, i'll need a knife... :]
@zebrafish_ I want to kill you right now 
@zebslc well I wouldn't admit to something like that if it were not true...lol I am useless at getting my point across in a argument..  
@zeddessarts I'd love to have some chickens here, but I think the feral cats would be a problem 
@zedenne @graeme_harrison @KateWoods thanks! opted for mince, eggs, onion, garlic, thyme and breadcrumbs - outcome 6/10 
@zedshaw I'd rather drop you an email than 140 character to blog-counter-blog this 
@zeeble tried this too - twice - but didnt show any result 
America and the Wider World really does suck haha there's so much politics involved 
America`s Army 3 (#AA3) isn`t working properly, still 
American Apparel is hiring...too bad I have to get a job in Blair, not Omaha 
american apparel, why oh why don't you accept maestro? 
american eagle discontinued my fav jeans!! wtf!!! 
American friends: can you advise on places to buy prepaid 3G data simcards when I'm in NYC nxt wk? Not much free wifi there, it seems 
American idol is bs!  not happy with results
American mate in bed as I have to get her back to the airport in six hours. It's been a week already.  Will see her again in 5 months.
american series sucks  they always kill best characters
America's Got Talent just isn't the same. Where are my amazing threesome? 
America's Los Angeles Times: &quot;The hair-gel industry in north-west England suffered a catastrophic blow on Thursday.&quot; - ronaldo 
amid all the chaos, trying to follow ESPN.com's gamecast of USMNT vs. Italy. Not helping that it won't update automatically here. 
Aminal Coctlletive soon. 2  it's @ Sbutt's.
ammmmm,,,,, ooooooooh good god help me ,, i am so fuckin in love with her 
Amnesty International Å¡oreiz &quot;pÄ?rcentuÅ¡ies&quot;  http://is.gd/MXfF
Amooti Kura is home and resting...long car rides make me not feel so good  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6270646
ampung.udah muter2 di google gk nemu juga sound effect suling 
Amur tiger cubs! I want one!  http://short.to/gazt
Amused that all the new kids yummy boys see each other 24 hrs &amp; twitter to each other lol. Still think they should come to Sg 
Amy has just cried her eyes out for 10 minutes after Jim died in Ghost Whisperer 
amylfc are you there need to talk im bord 
@twentysixcats where is the pain?  praying
@twequency so useful  so my first tweet is obliterated? sniffff
@twerminal  You've been qwit by @timwhitlock - last seen Sat, 06 Jun 2009, 18:55
@twerminal you've been qwit by @timwhitlock  Last seen Sat, 06 Jun 2009, 18:52
@twervert sexy! lol!! heehee!! I am laughing at your pain...sorry.  *snicker* should I make u an appt at my manicurist too? hahaha
@Twestlund thats not very nice  I died a little inside.
@twettyBABY it's not a contest,we're gonna perform it at the partyyyyyy...which is later.so nervous.:| and it's not deja vu. 
@twheresweevil  I hope everything gets better soon! &lt;3
@twheresweevil He's going to be there on the Saturday, but I'm going on the Sunday so I can see Jensen and Jared. 
@twheresweevil I just saw that lj entry. You have nooooooooo idea how much I would love to do that. Still haven't won a greencard though. 
@twheresweevil Please give it a few episodes before judging. 
@twhitehorn88 i miss Santa Cruz 
@twibirdy crazy stuff. It's all cold outside 
@TwiCrackAddict oh no worries at least you get to watch it ! No I thought you had an insider who got tickets. I am gonna miss the trailer 
@TwiCrackAddict whoa - for real? what is UP with the count?!    #peterfacinelli
An &quot;all over the place&quot; day for me today. ARGH 
an A in English  - highlight of the daay  - but my belly huurts 
An accident happened when I was driving by the 134 twenty minutes ago! The man was bleeding and was walking on the middle of the freeway! 
An Air France aircraft has disappeared from radar between Rio and Paris 
An Air France plane that disappeared with 228 people on board today has almost certainly crashed with no survivors - http://tr.im/n2dm 
an all nighter ahead 
An amazing department footy game shame it was a draw.... no bragging right available 
an amazing night with @luisoda im going to miss him so much when he leaves for cali in 2 weeks 
An Amish family just passed in their buggy. The horse drawing it looked really malnourished. 
An animated Beatles moodtheme! .___. Kradam or the Beatles? Why is this so hard? 
An aside--a little concerned that bunny rabbit is hopping around in day-light with so many birds of prey around here   [Bunny=Fast Food!]
an aston os my dream car but its wishful thinking 
An awesome relaxing night has turned into an f'ing mess of problems that I'll deal with either in the morning or after work tomorrow 
An blatant breach of privacy n' constitutional rights. The audacity astounds me  NOBODY should stand for this: http://bit.ly/VCs5x
An early morning at the gym has me feeling great. But that scale has me feeling sad  Time to get serious about watching those WW points.
An early night, I think. Nose blocked and runny, throat scratchy. 
An effective way of doing forex trading Check out http://bit.ly/nO8Gvn ^^Moving out and leaving Wallace 
an end of an era is upon us and i'm feeling extremely sad about it 
@zeeDOTi No, I was forced to take the twitter-break. I just have a short break to be back on twitter before i'm gone for another week. 
@zeegirl602 no coconut creme. I had a little accident today. 
@Zeenat_x  dont cry. they miss us.
@Zeenat_x If you leave Im gonna leave too 
@Zeenat_x OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG SHES A STRICT ONE WHEN SHE WANTS TO BE! she will seriosuly be like you were there 2 weeks ago 
@Zeenat_x ye its well crap weather  JLS on radio between 7 and 9 tho ..in the mean time im guna do sum revision and tidy room..fun fun
@Zeenat_x yep  depressing or what
@ZeeNemesis wow. 1. Mean. 2. I always want to hang out with u... 3. That's not fair... 
@Zeenie75 PM Desti. I'm trying to send it on but it keeps saying error.. What am I doing wrong 
@zeepooter i have no clue, she's supposed to talk about energy. and trig is in AK  Willow and Todd and her sister Heather and son Karcher
@zeepooter I know it will Zee,, I feel for ya, I just didn't want to rub it in 
@zeet75 No, no eyeshadow pallet. They usually don't give me presents until my birthday party but they're broke so....  I NEED THAT PALLET!
@Zehavit_Lamasu I know. I had hoped they would put a note in the order I got from them last week...  But, nothing. 
@Zeinobia proud to be at the bottom of the democracy food chain  shame shame shame
@ZekeKetcham i tried to call u last night but u didnt answer.    
An hour and a half and still no campers. 
an hour has now passed n im still on this digital img thing.  all nightaH.
An hour left, all spent working on my project. 
An hour til my bus! 
An hour till I'm done with this nightmare! I'd rather be doing the marathon 
An hour until my consultation - eek  
an hours nap isn't long enough...but this history essay won't do itself 
an iced latte would be so great right now to kick start my morning.... to bad no caffeine for me 
An idle day at work with the boss off makes for a lot of useless thinking and wishing. 
An insanely busy day today! Sorry for being silent on gchat! 
an old friend, paradox, who is still mad at me from years ago  but look how HOT he is in this! http://bit.ly/QDl1Z
An ugly rejection...literally. 
An undead Hammerite in Fort Ironwood pwned me 
an uneventful babysitting 'session', tho am missing out on a good party dammit  flicking through online Edinburgh fringe brochure.
An unfortunate baby lizard entered our house today n lost its tail to Marvel 
An update to my tweet on #safari4 font rendering. I've just been told the Mac is the same, its only on the PC version they're correct 
An Year Older 
Ana and Dinara in the same quarter of the draw?!      Someone tell Serena to watch out for Klara Zakopalova in the 1st round!
Ana gets a hoorendous draw. Dokic in the 3rd round and Venus in the 4th. 
Ana gets a horrendous draw. Dokic in the 3rd round and Venus in the 4th. 
Ana wil be 13 when the new WTA rankings come out. 
analysing animal farm.. i dont get why we cant just read the bloody book! 
Analyst consumer financial market in Thailand. 
anarbor concert was yesterday 
Anasta has fractured his ankle and is gone for the season. #Roosters certainties for the spoon now  #nrl
Anatomy is hard 
anatomy is soooooo boring. im not interested at all. i wonder y i choose this course.. 
ANC has been good, not today tho..funeral at 2pm 
Anca is now home. Getting ready to go to work. It is going to be a very different Monday. 
Anchor Blue is going out of buisness ? 
and ... nothing 
and ... she sees right through it 
And @_butidigress I wish I could FINALLY SEE YOU but I'm held to a schedule with my dad's family.  IT WILL HAPPEN THIS SUMMER.
and @alexalltimelow, after you signed the car tag things by accident you forgot to sign my AP 
And a certain someone in the office (who is just back from holiday) wont shut her mouth! I mean it was a holiday for us too! 
and a good morning form utrecht holland, busy day 
and after the embarassment of falling infront of everybody and watching them laugh, I still did not catch the skytrain. 
@twicullen fuckery! 
@twicullen http://twitpic.com/5ovk2 - That is good...I so can't draw 
@twicullen sorry hun   we still luv ya &lt;3
@twid Just found out he was my dad's roommate in medical school 
@twidroid Preferred the previous app icon tbh. Whole app seems slower as well. Not impressed so far 
@twiga6 weather been gorgeous in Swindon today! Think bad weather is on it's way tho. 
@TwihardsAntiR But let's get real. NO real man sparkles and is so perfect.  It's a nice dream but highly unlikely
@twihighfanpire1 yeah, that's the only doubt... 
@twiitar I always remember the bad dreams, rarely the good ones. 
@twikini Are you sure the 0.7 cab works? I can't install it on my Touch HD, where 0.6 is already installed, getting unsuccessful install 
@twikini my beta ran out i downloaded the new version, it doesn't connect and I get errors as it tries 2 refresh. This is the best app 
@Twilight_akabet She hacked my old account.But now she can't hack me.But she can hack her followers.  I don't know what she wants.
@Twilight_Madd it's AMAZING. it's so cute, and you feel really sorry for Rob's character  i love it : D
@Twilight_sm Do you know why we have two Categories on our website? I'm trying to remove one but i can't. 
@Twilight_sm Yeah, but its not streaming live. 
@twilight_x3 lmao. it wont hun. ;] i felt like that too. lmaoo. that fireman was hot, so sad he died. 
@twilightaholica me too! they were kind of cute, stuntling there.. im disappointed though 
@ZeldaPhan yeah, basically. I should have washed my hands after high-fiving 150 people.    That's what I get!!
@zeldman dude...  I grew up with divorced parents. I don't know you personally, but you seem like you'll do a fine job for her.
@zeldman I need to change my job 
@zeldman You seem to have bad luck with updates  did you get iTunes working in the end?
@zelkoh The Gossip Girl website doesn't work for me 
@zellious ahhh the last time i spoke to you was like,.. when I was 14/15?!!! tragic  i'm doing ok, starting uni in October  you? xx
@zellyb BTW, where's my epicness of muzak?   
@zellyb oh NOOOO! Dammit. Your new bag too 
@zellyb started this morn...I have to train someone else this aft at 3 so can't leave  I'm off 2mrw though, perfect timing!
@zelroid I hope the package gets sent soon so my mom will shut up - She thinks at this point you conned me out of a trade  I trust you.
@zelroid Oh dear. I hope you can get a cure for it. 
@zelrok I hate you so much right now 
@zen_surfer we should be surfing today... this makes me sad 
@ZenaBmore lol yeh i got milk, had 2 bowls and now there isent any more frosties 
@zenalchemyst damn.  I was hoping that was just my laptop.  Do you have Simplify Media?
@zenarchy @eddiecurrent its cool.. wish it had video 
@zenbiscuit sorry for not replying; I don't like the &quot;way of the Tweet&quot; thanks for following me anyway. I appreciate it. Grammar/Spelling 
And AJ just came around the corner and I leaned back in my chair to say hi, and fell over. Wouldn't have been so bad but I hurt my legs 
And all of a sudden, I am having cravings for pizza!  Damnit.
And all the stupid things I do have absolutely no reflection on how I feel about you ........how I feel about you 
and also got punished 
and also loves getting woke up by 4 boys jumping on herr 
and also misses some ppl back home 
AND ALSO.  SEED OF CHUCKY IS FULLY RANDY. i was watching that also. love late night movies. that sounds so XXX. soz 
and and!! 3 birds have pooped on my car since i washed it, how unlucky am i 
and anette has my itouch 
And another dead turtle...  this one lasted a week and a half...
And apparently my mom got dinner for everyone while i was editting and didn't get me any. Great. 
AND ARENT I SEXY 
And as usual GMail Offline acting up  Oh well. Downloading important files.
And at this present time I am not feeling twitterfon!..hopefully I get used to it or I'm gonna have to add a next twitter app   Y in NYC!
And at UNO. What the hell!! I suck today. 
And back to revision  not fun!
And back to work.  
and because animals kill eachother, of course. 
And befoe you know it the school year is over  13 more to go!
And better..-We all know Da Vinci code is bogus and inaccurate.
And B-only one reply  Its pretty sad  No..im just sad :/
And Brittnay says she hasn't got Facebook  http://www.aidenmckenna.com/uploads/81f55308c0d32614f7607a67c6e85091.png xo
And brokeback mountain can suck my dick...
and bummed about missing #geekbreakfast 
And by &quot;Go Go White Sox,&quot; I mean &quot;Not going to go to the game.&quot; 
@TwilightCentral I still haven't recieved the info  send it to me here in twitter instead as a direct message
@twilightchill Constantly crashes for me, I'm bored of it. Nice app, but horrible stability on my pc 
@twilightchill Oh I hate that feeling. Quite depressing really 
@Twilighter_Ox_ aww  sorry to here about that hun .... 
@Twilighter19 I am expecting this one to be jailed soon too   The other one has been locked for almost 2 hours!
@Twilighter19... point a think? Or on the train to it!!  U ave 2 twit pages too dont ya??
@twilighterz I wish I didn't live in CA so that I could go 
@twilightfairy @gulpanag you two have a house to keep 
@twilightfairy @sanjukta &amp; I cant join there seems to be sme problem 
@twilightfairy meanwhile, that backup was quite a waste 
@twilightfairy ohh... can i plzzzz... come over?? i also wanna shoot badly.. 
@twilightfairy ya but where do you stay which makes all these exotic birds pay a visit. All I get is pigeons and crows 
@TwilightGirl_09 GOOD OMG YESS GOOD ARRGHH WHEN THEY GONNA COME!! lol i ditched my tv for this  haha good programmes were coming aswll XD
@twilightgossip something that's totally not fair is that i live here &amp; i'll never run into them. 
And by by Nini I mean Bye Nini 
And by the way : where is the sun ? I's raining here  horrible weather ...
and came back when I moved all my stuff back inside 
and cannot stop thinking about him, just wanna go and sit in his cage and sleep until tomorrow, but it's too small 
and chrissy!!! aaaw miss my friends  its sucks being lonely.oh well i will see beth on the 28th hopefulyl!
and Delhi Daredevils finish it with a SIX #IPL ...Preity's face does not look too happy 
And did I mention, nobody here can get into Facebook either...  Been this way for the whole week 
And did my twitter mass fail??? Last update I see is from an hour ago.  THEY DONE BROKE IT!!One!OneOneOneOne!OneOne
And do you believe it&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 1-2 inches of rain for today 
And don't want my Carlie to go  
and dreading another long week... 
And Dumbo!  Who wants to have a Disney move marathon in the near future?! No one? Just me? No takers? Well EFF YOU!
And EA... nothing special there, either. Brutal Legend and The Old Republic have my interest. Poor NHL didn't even warrant a mention.  #e3
And even MORE annoying to hear comedians on #GNW bag out Twitter. There's no need to be mean 
And even though the weather thing on my phone says it's 59 degrees, I think it LIES. I'm kicking off my covers. It's stuffy and hot. 
and every little thing reminds me of you. how now? 
and excuse the language but fuck! Damn swine flu made me adjust my holiday plans 
And fatigue is making my bb keyboard skills even worse than usual.. Crunch stayed up til 5am 
AND FOOD. Thats what i also want. My stomach is eating itself. 
And for reals tomo is dedicated to hw. I need a chiropractor asap.  and i hate that my stupid buttons dont work anymore.
and for that, canceled for support indonesia @ senayan LIVE! 
@Twilightish I'm having same issues on my iPhone 
@TwilightLexicon The link didn't work 
@TwilightMasterX Not sure, sorry! 
@twilightnewborn OME  cullen kitty
@TwilightofDoom  I don't tan well. I have only 3 stages. Pale, Burnt and peeling. Somehow I always miss the tan part haha
@twilightpoison Dam!Sweepstakes contest not open to Australian residents 
@TwilightSnuggle Ashley TISDALE left Ashley GREENE CAME WITH RACHELLE.&lt;3 ii wanna meet THEM 
@twilightteen7 im still in the one hudreds  haha
@TwilightVampLvr it's windy, gloomy and chilly here!  http://myloc.me/2dOk
@twilkins3 Hi Tim! I'm in your loft grading assignments. Not a fun thing to do on vacation! 
@twin504 wish you were here!!!! 
@twingly25 iz just getting worse  Bah I have went 2 and a half years with out getting sick -.-
@twininglight I wish I could be sleeping 
@twinkle_x Nat &amp; Cam agreeed that I have swine flu. Damn them. 
@twinkle_x yeah i have some eps on my computer... but low quality  *le sigh* i need to watch some pizzy now. HAHA
@twinkle47  damn 
@twinkle47 @pob34 @TraceyHewins Thanks for the #ff mentions, sorry i missed them  Hope your all well n enjoying the weather.
And god do I really want a beer right now, but I can't have one 
And going for real now... apparently, that chocolate is not going to walk here from the store 
And goodmorning to Iran.. Hope you'll be save at the day's protests. We can't do so much from here  But we are watching by the side lines.
and growling again  I'm waiting for the time to strike 2,then I will  head for lunch with freinds at Subway.Hurry time,start ticking!
and guess what insanelymac is down 
And guys in glasses. Damn weakness! It's not fair 
And Harry Potter looks stupid:..
and has knocked 4 of his teeth out!! I dont understand why people get soo drunk that they start fights for no reason it doesnt make sense 
and hate " Harry Potter " even though it is actually much more religious(
And have a night of debauchery. BK houseparty(s) lata? Absolutely. Right now tho...still in the bed  smh
and have been talking The Talk...for F%^&amp;*(  Years now. Gawd. the sound of my voice...in my head...is also killing me now 
and he didn't say anything at all. Aaaaaaaargh 
And he got hit by a taxi 
And he has a lawsuit against the company in Florida as well  YIKES
and he has regained some strength, but he's still not 100%. i'll be at my vet first thing in the morning.  
And he makes it 
and he said..  &quot;blah blah blah.&quot;..&amp; i said,  &quot;why am i feeling like im losing everyone i really care for&quot;? 
and her ruined jacket 
And here comes the traffic 
And here ends the weekend, and so begins the work week 
and here i am, having screwed up my social studies Ã¡nd robot test. i don't even dare to study for tomorrow's tests.. 
And here I begin my last day off.. 
And here I thought I was actually going to get a real game for my Wii...too good to be true I guess 
@zenbitch I think it will shortly turn to peeling grossness.   @jennygirl7
@zengiz I wish I knew 
@zenithus at least you have a next year  into the big wide world for me!
@ZenLenton All over unfortunately. Winning entries were a bit more 'foodie' than ours I think so maybe wouldn't have made a difference 
@ZenMonkey No more Halforumettes podcast? 
@ZenMonkey underneath somewhere  Replaced battery &amp; went away but now back again 
@zenojones I didn't do anything to it. As of yesterday, the ball only moves from left to right. It was working when I woke up yesterday 
@zenojones I'm sowwy  @sensual_tiff we need to be getting out beauty sleep!!! LoL
@ZenShadow I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@zenxacred aggghhh i haven't had philippine xmas since i was ... 5.  and philippine new year. ohhh how i miss it. it was always so happy.
@twinkle47 Morning, yes, for a bit, need to send it back 
@twinkle47 tomorrow  and I've left my highway code at work!!
@twinklestah  I hope you're okay! Try and have a fun night &lt;3
@TwinkleTessa a Printing place can photocopy and blow them up nd then print them onto poster paper, but they might not take small orders 
@TwinkleTessa theyre not coming  they were here like a month ago
@twinklybee having the complaint on record would help for when term restarts though 
@twinklybee ugh, out of order!  do you have a camcorder that picks up audio? so you can get evidence of how disturbing it is?
@TwinkyDinkx i did, and the only answer i could get is 'pass you exams and then we'll TALK'  like cant even talk about it before exams pff
@twinmama  have to say the only exposure to G&amp;S has been through this movie
@Twinnikkib  shit WHY not I'm txtin himdownstairs as I go bac &amp; forth 2 make sure I clarify what he wants...why not tweet too  gotta vent
@Twinnikkib I jus needed to clean up  but I'm about 2 run &amp; do laundry now...i'll clean out my closets &amp; fridge nxt time, I guess 
And here I thought the montage scene in Up would be the saddest thing about that movie  http://tinyurl.com/l52gvv
and here it comes...organic chemistry...brrrrrr  ...Twitter isn't interesting without people from Serbia...so join serbian people!
And here we go! Wishing I was @johnnyminkley  #f1 @pillowfort yes it is me I am the first officially retarded Twitter user
and hes being a meany head and wont let me hook up my music to the speakers so his antenna doesnt get bent 
and he's off  its ok. its just one week. okay now i can go to sleep. but now im in a deep convo with @XxAshley28xX @xxKaleyxx @nicshields
And I absolutely loathe the Da Vinci Code.
and i actually wish i was going to my cousins, @TanyaGu and @LydiaGu 's house  
and i already broke it... 
and i also got a trim... i liked it earlier, but now that i look at it, i think he cut at my bangs too much, i think its a bit short now, 
and I am hungry 
And I am missing my friends a lot today 
And I am now off to do to DT... 
and I am up to date! - Marysville looks even sadder in the half-light of dusk   - wish I had come up earlier to avoid the streetscape
And I can only look at the sidewalk, everything else is a blur... Miss my glasses 
And I can't find the link to turn my avatar green 
AND I CANT sleep 
and i couldnÂ´t see the rain 
And I did try opening a parallels support request and got no response from them, not so good on the support front 
AND I didn't get the job 
And I DO want to see all of the ppl I follow - am unhappy 
@Zeouterlimits Each teacher takes an honours class every second year, I suppose it's to be fair when really it's not. 
@zephrip doh! Just got this tweet. Can't make it to concert tonight. First day of work tomorrow 
@ZephyrK9 yep .. this is getting harder and harder  ... but we have to share with each other, not maliciously of course, but it matters!
@zephyrmori oooh! but it's very salty! I think I went overbaord with the soyasauce 
@zephyrsky yea, just this Friday   it was a shocker to all of us!  And you can see why all of the evening's newscast was on his memory.
@ZeppelinDW  I'm good thanks!! Sorry it took so long to get back to you babe.. My phone die 
@ZeppelinLuver Thanks. I think she may have been bitten by a snake. Not sure. 
@zeraa Ya I'm working at WarpedTour. Sucks you can't go 
@zero1 wish I was there.. 
@zerock luuuuckyyy I am yet to receive one 
@zerogravity03 i know! I want the listener on  Yesterday's episode was xD
@zeroshift Awhh yay!  That's exciting! Have fun and tell Sammy I said hi! I miss your family.  Anyway, let me know how the movie it. &lt;3!
@zeryck the 1000th episode's not yet available for download.... 
@Zesylene Days was terrific today! E.J.'s an ass, though.   Packing? Did  I missing something?
AND I DONT WANT PINK EITHER! grr 
And I don't want to go to the clinic. 
and I end up with a ticket from bike cops.  Yeah....happy freakin' birthday!!  
And I feel like a complete asshole and a horrible boyfriend 
and i feel like crying when i see demi (rosie) crying in the movie  haha, i might cry like a baby right now xD
And I feel really bad for Jason cause his female boxer died yesterday. I can't imagine that happening to my babies 
and i finished Time Traveler's Wife this morning, so now i don't have anything to read.. 
and i found a missing key!! it was not, as i'd hoped, inside a magical shoe from clarks  but instead, in the car. how boring.
AND i go back to work today after having 6 days off, worst day ever... 
and i got a splinter 
AND I GOT MY SUPRAS!!!! YAY! ME AND NEISHES LAST TIME DOWNTOWN 
and I got sick on my birthday    lol who knew you could catch a cold and sore throat in the middle of a scorching summer in Myrtle Beach?
and i had to see my poor sis through the crack at the door/ it broke my heart to see her so fragile and helpless  and i waited for 2 hours
And i hate that horrible feeling after 
And I hate Wesley almost as much as I hate Harry Potter, but that doesn't mean Captain Picard still wasn't a douche and a half that day.
And i have 2 wait a long time until mitchel's album comes out in Norway 
AND i have a big pimple on my cheeeeek!!!  
and i have a roman numeral 2 on my arm where the nurse marked my vein woohoo!!, NOT 
and i have my speaking exam for french tomorrow, still have to start learning 
And I have no power at my house due to the storm 
and i have problems uploading a twitter picture here. 
AND i have to get my wisdom teeth out because they are making the rest of my teeth look like they're getting ready to hula hoop 
And i haven't twitter-ed for a long long time!Sorry for that...  I've been so busy the past few days!
And I heard everyone raving about JT on SNL. Missed it  think it'll end up on Hulu so I can watch? LOL
And i hella starved myself today @TFK    
And I hope that the security officers won't find it weird that I have mini Sharpies everywhere... and that they won't confiscate them. 
and i ignore all other guys because i am too busy waiting for you....so..what's taking you so long..??! 
And I just  successfully made @IlanRubin  look like a total idiot.  ...TweetShrink is bad.
And I just busted my forehead open on the heating vent. Owww  Maybe ill walk to Walgreens and nurse myself back together with a clark  ...
AND I just got off the phone - long convo with the one who got away - wish there was a way to tame that one.  Night all
And I just imagine how it is when I'm not home to pull his fat ass off her and stop biting her 
and i keep screaming every time a fly comes near me  bad times
And I lost 2 or 3 followers. 
And I may be in ATL too.. only for a couple of days though..  Booooo!
and i mean REALLY i miss my hunny so much right now 
and i miss my man... 
and i miss naz. 
and I miss you 
And I missed all the dancing.  All that's left is the finale. 
And i missed Matt's match and some of Jeff's,Anyone have it on youtube yet? 
And I need more beer, didn't get the Grand Canyon job.  At least they called? Fuck.
And I need someone to come give me a back massage. My neck and shoulder are still hurting and its starting to go down my back. 
And I never meant that phrase as much as I do with you. Can I say I miss you one more time? 
and I obviously can't spell today 
and I officially have  no one to go with. 
And I REALLY need a distraction...its been 5 days. Don't think its gonna happen tho 
And i really wanted to read that chapter on the philadelphia experiment too! 
AND I saw Findi the designer he was doing a photoshoot. i only took a pic of him. the rest i didn't  AND i didn't see Prince Harry  boo!
and i still have to do tutor hw. oh gee 
And i STILL want my mommy.. I told her n she said she didnt want me..  lol
@Zesylene I will Z, it doesn't happen very often around, unfortunately I'm too tired 2night to enjoy it 
@Zesylene So do I 
@ZetsubouShita whats wrong han-han?? 
@ZeurstEnox PS I think Nemo ran away from me. 
@zeyingying its all bcoz i easily get emo .. how ar bibi ? hais 
@zham Oh really? I didn't see you.  haha.
@zham They're not back together! Well, at least no one's confirmed it. But there are photos of them together being all cuddly and stuff 
@ZIG4MAYOR im sorry  AY why havent you followed me yet? 
@ziggykai tooooo latee smh u caught feelings like it was a football or baseball.  whats going on todayyy
@ziggymoomoo Can I have one..? Wish I had someone to cook for me 
@zigzag_girl is it already playing in the US? oh so jealous! i have to wait till 24th! 
@ziiastarr I feel exactly that same way. 
@ZiiGGie I already did!! I wanted to know what it was for.. Clearly it did nothing.. Still trying to figure it out 
@twinsquirrel no, chris has to go to a wedding today and it starts around midday. so no later flight possible... 
@TwinStyle What happened??  You had it for years?
@twintell2 i mean not like physically but emotionally  el oh el. oh um yeah everybody in my town is sick with something.
@TwinxReyes Game game game! Shucks i want half moon!! NOW! I miss it! 
@TwiObsession  lol i know how that is!!!! like at this very moment 
@TwiObsession He mostly just made a mess. But the issue is that he could have exposed all of us...we were so sure he was ready 
@twirlswirl WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT I WANT CROCS TOO  I WANT A RED ONE 
@twisource happy bday. i'm moving from philly to memphis and i have my speakers packed   (Imprint LIVE! live &gt; http://ustre.am/14PY)
@twisource My thought about the new moon trailer. The only major problem i can see is that Alice has died her hair.. NOOO!!! why why why 
@twisource why would you do this to us this means all australian listeners will be at school !! 
@Twisted_Pink ok, I had to delete that last reply b/c then I got inundated.  sorry.  
@twisted_utopia BUT then she responded to trace    DEMI WHY!?!!
@Twisted33 I know!!! Something about these girls just makes me feel icky though 
@twisted4ddub Sorry about your uncle.    I hope he gets stronger, so he will be able to have the surgery.
@twisted4jon i'm not going! 
@twistedchick i hope that they can get the maintenence postponed that is scheduled for tonight, sorrry for the spelling mistakes guys 
@TwiStedCoVerGrl Ugh!!! I'm sorry to hear that 
@zilch dude, eating too much of it is bad. 
@Zillaman u just aite all types of food at Zina crib and didnt even think about me!!!!    
@zillz TERRIBLE?  I WAS TRYING TO SEND SOMEONE UR WAY LOL...WHY TERRIBLE? LOL
@zimena Nuts like how, lol? *intrigued* Silly ref, btw  *hugs*
@zimkarim thanks 
@zimkarim tomorrow :| I'm so sad, I missed a good night home tonight, &amp;I'm gonna miss another one tomorrow 
@zimmermana crap. I totally forgot Bout Daedalus  Glad you enjoyed it at least
@zimnla You're welcome...sadly I can't even read them myself. LOL My computer won't open tinyurl's for some reason. 
@zinedistro Just joined your group. Can't add a group to the madeit fan page!  I'm loving the new fan pages!!
@zippitydlicious I know your pain, there isn't much you can do to people in the apartment above 
@zipplockbag i shouldn't have waited to update my phone. now i must wait til tomorrow for your magic admin powers to upgrade my itunes 
@zipster08 aww i have the biggest crush on madonna 
@ziptied thx for asking - i'm feeling better but not 100%... skipped 4 days of karaoke out of the 8 days of mayhem 
@Zita_S hey u have fun shopping i am painting my bahroom 
@zivklara IKR. It had better. haha. I had to fly all over to manila.   But it was fun. The good thing was, I got to watch concerts. LOL.
@zizban cannot connect from work 
@Zizul my texts inda sampai 
@ZKeach_SHINEsnt  we would have a kickass time. how much is it? didnt u say the area is expensive.
@zkennedy aww i like tents and trouble. haha  have funz
@zlatti true makes you feel kinds lonely doesn't it 
@zlmiller yeah they got them all...the meds make me really dizzy. Still not feelin so hot. Ready to be normal  http://myloc.me/4Ekc
@zmac012 all of them.  well some wwe/wwf ones but still
@zmaster08 but im paranoyed that my lobes are really thin 
@zndeerella I heard it was great. Boo.  You got my cell number if you find an opportunity to hang out. If not it's okay! ;P
@znmeb Will do. I have got to see him speak someday. Keep getting booked at the same time or just plain missing his sessions 
@znuriddin I dunno yet girrlll!!  I will deff let u know tho bc u better come out!!! :-D new smile &amp; new meeee! Lol
@Zo_E Hi Zoe Hi @callme_goddess. It's early - still have &quot;eye snot&quot; in my eyes this morning.  How are you?
@Zo_E If the sign is for you is to marry him... DON'T DO IT! You don't know him long enough yet. Don't do it! Just sayin'. 
@Zo_E Me too.  I'm OK. Things have been kind of rough, but I'm still swimming. Working hard to get healthy again. How about you?
@Zo_E our school had imacs those plastic brightly colored ones.  the reset button involved a paper clip. 
@Zo_Nose saw footage in the hotel room earlier...heartbreaking 
@TwistedHelen That's awful... 
@Twistedlilkitty So sad, I loved those guys 
@twistedmonk Aww.  So it's not cotton candy pink.    I can't help it if I was hoping for something really sweet and dainty.
@twistedraisin *hugs*  the end of trips are so anticlimatic
@TwistedToes I got it the first time, I was just trying to be funny, guess I wasn't...  
@twistingaether uggh, cars suck like that... 
@twistlickndunk AHAHAHAHA I love your picture.  It's cute. We are the same. I AM NOT EXCITED. Not like everyone else, okay.
@Twisuz  i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
@Twisuz did u post it already? i can't find anything! it just tells me 2 sing in or sign up  x
@Twisuz i know! it's pure crazziness!  x
@Twisuz morinng to you!!! my phone isnt working today  so i wont be on as often!!
@Twisuz what's going on? 
@Twisuz yeah!  and how did this happen??  i was updating my blog and not even talking that much!! 
@twit_julie nope, not yet. ive been doing my science summative all day.  how long did it take you? i'll see if i can do it today.
@twit_julie thanks! im gonna need it so bad. 
and i think my friend, ryan cousino has been kidnapped! or grounded haha  i miss my bff!!!!
and I though I could rest during my week end... but now, i have to babysit my niece all day long, I'll sleep next week 
And I thought @dhh was promoting skateboarding  http://vimeo.com/5184164 I haven't see that kind of skate video in years!
And I thought I was so close to finishing! I'll probably up for the next hour or a little passed. 
and i took a nap earlier and apparently i was laughing like crazy ahahaha  i dont remember why tho  booooooo!
and i wanna get back to 2008 in this very same day!  
AND I want some derby pie. 
And I want to o to Disneyland with thee Valerie, or Katie, or anyone who is nice enough to invite me  haha
And I wanted us to leave at 12:45 to do a 1 p.m. showing (staff retreat mini)   
and I was disappointed to learn that obama smokes.    QUIT NOW
and i wish i gave you one last kiss 
And I won't be doing that as soon as I'd hoped because I just found out we're taping a DARE Graduation tonight! 
And if yu call me your friend,wont you always be there for me?? 
And I'll feel my world crumbling, I'll feel my life crumbling I'll feel my soul crumbling away And falling away, Falling away with you 
and i'm a whole hour early..wtf! 
and I'm also sad as hell that someone's daughter got shot in the face in the parking lot tonight!  damn ppl r ignorant!  tear
and I'm awake. going to be a little sad saying goodbye to everyone today 
AND I'm dreading Monday's race... I definitely won't be matching my 1 hour 12 mins record again!!!! 
and im feeling gooooooooood! muhah cant wait for the Lewis Vs Cuzzy forfeit :') Hahahahhah!! I have a cold  Bad timessss
And I'm free!!!!....until tomorrow 
And I'm kinda over the fact that twitter ate my picture 
And I'm learning for a test! It's so boring!! 
and I'm mad at my man!!  but I'm  a get the liquor flowing 2 wash away the madness well get back later hearts &amp; kisses
@twit_tay 
@Twiter_ME_This ...Good Morning...missed u this weekend 
@Twiter_ME_This Forgot the white part.Was gonna make SS shirts up,IDK .Chicago,Detroit,Cinci aren't looking good mybe just NY/NJ shows 
@Twiter_ME_This I have failed the challenge  Sorry! How do these other stupid topics get over there? ------------&gt;I have been crazy busy
@twiter_twotter @Judy_bcn a mis padreeees :@ 
@twitoria ahhh, what is your link? hope i followed you back  yesss we do! do you have any others? i'll try using one of those websites :p
@Twitprentice it's been great! you always tweet what I have been thinking, will be sad after sunday when it's finifshed 
@twitrbackground hi guys! just got your awesome background! But can't get my pics to show in whole, just a part  help!
@twitrbackground my background is not working  I've treide the save changes and only the colors change...
@Zoal I still have to get that.  The demo kicks serious ass so I can only imagine how the full version is
@zoara Critical mass the bike thing? It was quite popular  last yr and is getting to be again, fountains 1730 last Friday. My bike broke 
@zobertyahh Grossss  hes ruining perfectly good pizza roooooolllllss and imma miss you when you is up north fag, hang out in a week?
@Zobi09 I'm concerned for that family 
@zobo77 well the dog attacking me was a little exaggerated, it was more of a tackle and then jumping at me. Bike is gone 
@zocore why zo? 
@zoe_jonesss yeaah it was alright, had 2 exams though  you? xxx
@zoe_s fields closed too but it sucks cos we have a meeting n i cant get there  argh!
@Zoe_Salmon my god a full box? where are mine? 
@Zoe_Salmon oh yummmmm! so envious!! i really wanna get some ice cream now!!! only got vanilla no choccy 
@zoe9 I had to dash to catch my train the other night  so sorry I could stay and say bye - did anything happen after &quot;guess the phrase&quot;?
@ZoeAimee Ahh, that's good. I'm glad! I'm good. Aside from my iPod broke earlier tonight. 
@ZoeAimee There's been really heavy rain here, had it in my bag. Was out in the rain. Rain soaked through bag, got to iPod. 
@zoeatthedisco omh me 2 D: ill be on later i have to go now 
@Zoebaggins i'm sry.  i hate the dentist too.
@ZoeBoz In Long Beach from 19th-24th let me know if u want 2 do something. Iz will be staying with her daddy LOl she already told me 
@zoebritton awww thats no good 
@zoecello We will.  I am still trying to talk her into coming down on Thursday to see your show but she likes her sleep to much 
@zoecorkhill I want a Chinese now  Damn my lazyness!
@ZoeEbadi  Next time... I'll message you my number bb
@zoeee_g awww sad face 
@zoeinthecity Dali was amazing. 200 works in one place - shame it's not travelling to brisvegas  how was davinci?
@zoeloveskravid haha, well yeah this makes her so much nicer  argh I wish I could vote  lol
@zoeLULZ I want it!!!!  He won't reply to me though I'm in the US. 
@zoeneo Happy Birthday Zoe!!!  sorry for wishing u this late.. sorry.. 
@zoeneo Oh really? Dang I really want the paper. 
@ZoeRochelle $16 delivery fee for George Hincapie DVD? Is he delivering it himself? Was thinking of getting it, but $46, sigh.  @ghincapie
@zoesbagboutique I do, but I don't have any of my work available to put online right now as it's all in storage since we're moving soon 
@zoesilkyterrier  hope u r nt so sickly nw. My precious dog is dwn wif demodex  n gotta b on medication for dunno hw long.
@ZoesMummy No kidding. Blood is not thicker than water. Lesson learned, I guess. 
@Zoesometimes  *cuddles*
@Zoesometimes  *huggle* I'm sowwy 
@Zoesometimes wut is wrong 
@zoetunstall no I couldn't  wasn't allowed, bad times  xx
@zoewalker i know 
@zoeyjordan Uh-oh, sounds like I opened my mouth re hashtag &amp; stuffed my foot in it... Sorry all....  @shandrab @davidbeking
@zokathepuppy it's so hard to study thatt! 
@Zokathepuppy no prob. how was the party? i wish i was there 
@zokdok nope, didnt do that. But everybody around me is experiencing the powerdrops in Mac. Think it's update related... 
@zolakathryn Oh no  At least you're a girl now and can do awesome things like have boobs
@zolakathryn That's sounds like so much fun! Have a smore for me, because I'll be here writing another paper 
@Zoltan87 LOL at peers/nin thing and restaurant city  as well lol
@ZoMagic oo that's whatz up....I'm about start gettin ready for work 
@ZoMAGICMONDAYS @areevez I can't be the only one though yall 
@Zomaian You didn't get it. Hint: Saudi Arabia 
@ZOMB1E awe  I'll talk to him if you want?
@ZomberellaMcFox awwww  even with kristen there?
@Zombie_Claire i'm not as husband does not like it 
@Zombie_Phil eeeiiiiish. greasy breakfast. Ian nearly died last night!massive car accident.his dome is all gashed up.i feel responsible. 
@Zombie_Plan Having the links down the side instead of along the top is epic fail IMHO 
@Zombie_Sharks I'm going to be in LA on Tuesday 
@zombieassassin this is reddog187 I've been blocked from following @zombiemembers  on this account
@zombieboi I don't like barely talking to you during the day. 
@zombiecommand no blackberry love?  http://myloc.me/2bxt
@Zombiecupiecake JERKFACE! She must like you better  I think is cause I don't have a husband and 8 kids yet.
@zombiecuppicake I didn't see anything 
@ZombieFarmer That seems to be everywhere right now. It's only 34 here. It was 50 last week 
@ZombieFarmer That sucks. Everyone is effected somehow during these economic times. 
@ZombieGeek Hahah, I'm definitely with you there, Adam.  I actually fell asleep watching the first one. Please write hollywood scripts 
@zombiegogo nope not this time I'm afraid  hope puts have a good time though xx
@ZombieNicholas  Nick, you're making me hungry   
@Zombiephile Noooo. Sadly  I've got the cat at the front window keeping an eye out though!
@zombiesalsa I meant JUST goofin' off... not but. lol! It hurt very badly, though. 
@zombiesheep It's arrived 
@zombiesheep Oh no, that had better not be making it's way down here. I want to walk into town 
@zombiesohno yeah dude. seriously. there were like 28 of them. we have a nest in our wall 
@zombietown My palate is still bitter, undermining my usual enjoyment of the ol' nourishment. It's starting to really quite upset me 
@zombigeist - looks like i'm not going to Miami.  really hoping for it but, things sort of changed.  come up here and visit! i'll help!
@twitspamorg   thank you.  he's horrid 
@twitt3rbox Finally got iPhone app working &amp;the lovely! But it keeps crashing!  will there be an update soon?
@tWiTtaBrO99 sorry man. Forgot about the comp room  
@TWITTAH_G I know  everytime I see commercials I get sad, but I have no patience for touch screen..I learned. &amp; I'm in love w/my bb 
@twittatonic No worries, I have one like that! Slumdog wasn't what I was expecting, but I liked it. Sad kids live like that anywhere 
@twittelator please bring back the feature where tapping the status bar scrolls to the top. I used it all the time 
@twitter  : having a lot of trouble changing my profile pic 
@twitter  can't remove a person from mij follower list  because strange activity from that person ^^
@Twitter - I can't get my pic to work!  It is making me sad
@twitter ??? couldn't get it   
@twitter _PLEASE_ can you hurry up and fix issue 451 
@twitter Horny cats and Britney are driving me nuts. Would you pleeease get rid of them already 
@twitter i always get errors because my user name includes &quot;twitter&quot; 
@twitter Is the acct cleanup what happened 2 me? I was suspended briefly yesterday... 
@twitter okay, i havn't recieved a text update to my phone in nearly 24 hours. Fix it please 
@twitter please delete acct @uk_Jordan_fan they are trying to get passwords. It is NOT me.same pic,not sure how they know my surname 
@twitter please deploy IPV6 on the twitter API. Multiple computers, iPhones and NAT don't go well with the current API limits  #ipv6
@twitter please fix this http://sp2.ro/5b7bdb because it brakes all external twitter avatar searches 
@Twitter thanks for kicking some #pornaddict #spammers, they were following me, some still follow me! 
@twitter Waiting outside the library for it to open... I really have to pee 
And im officially depressed. 
and im on day 13 lol...next day off 30th May!!! 
AND I'm so aggravated...I left my damn power cord to my laptop.  so I can't work...sux for me...but HOT for twitter. i'll be here all day
and i'm sorry i didn't reply, kristin (@titanband2010). my phone was in a drawer. far from me.  #branson09
and I'm starting to feel sicky  Nooo Nooo NO BUENO!
and i'm still searching with zero result.. meh 
and i'm still struggling with nos!  this is so not my forte!!  where to spend the monies??!!!!!
and I'm tireeeeeeeeed  and watching bizzare E.R.
and im trying to restrain myself from eating nurofen 3 days in a row. meh, i hate minor headaches.  a sign of lack of sleep. boo.
And I'm up WAY too early for my personal satisfaction 
And I'm up!  Again! Weather is poo today.. not even a storm... it's just... blergh... Got some revision to do too  Ah well! xxx
And in conclusion, extended nausea is not fun 
and in related news to the age rant i have just calculated my BMI - am 5'8/5'9 &amp; 85kg and result is i am overweight! 
And is everything okay? Still rattled from today? Or have things calmed down..i feel bad, though there wasn't really anything i could do 
and is gonna last so many hours 
And it all of twistory, twitter has never let me down. But now you won't let me change my picture! 
And it begins again. Essay word limit: 3300. Words written so far:...4413? Surely not!  #essaynumbersgame
And it doesn't even start till tomorrow 
and it goes on. 
and it is actually NEVER my fault. ever. and that makes me sad 
And it is closed 
And it is happening again  why?
And it is raining, hard. 
And it never did get here 
And it stopped raining.  Fuckingtastic! )
And it sucks cause I lost all my texts and saved voicemails.  Now that I'm thinking bout it, I may cry.  
and it sucks he lost his phone now i cant talk to him when i want to or text him little love notes 
and it was a great song too 
And it was REALLY warm today, which I hated 
@zombot I got it super cheap and I didn't think they'd have a SIGNIFIGANT update to the iPhone this year. I want the new graphics chip 
@zombot I unfortunately have no means at the moment to twitpic 
@zombot You're telling me.  Goodnight, Paul.
@zomfgpiyasha i totally agree.. its mostly government stuff, which by the way is my weakest part of socials. BOO GOVERNMENT... 
@zomg_its_steph I need a phone. 
@zomgcupcakes my text messages aren't getting to you 
@zomgitshannah I want to! but me mum said I couldn't 
@zomgitshannah some told me a story of seeing a huge one there and now i'm afraid to go back 
@zomgitskrystal happpppy birthdayyyy because apparently you dont get my text messages.  plz dont think i forgotttt. because i didnt  &lt;3
@ZomgItzLauren awe  what's wrong?
@zonanext Que mal lo de Virgin Records... 
@Zone4Beans You act like you not my friend anymore.  I don't like it.
@zoolynegron i'll pay for your ticket, and you can pay me back. i dont wanna go alone 
@ZoomIndianMedia all of it starts the same way. until greed for power, lust for position and hatred rules. look at Gujarat riots 
@zoomswhizzkid can't find any! 
@zoomswhizzkid oh that's nice after a long hard day of revision 
@zooor  Need a snack idea?
@zoori Heeheee!! Hope it's just dryness *hugz* Yea, no news from @malique  Hope they're both ok.
@twitter when I hit reply, it's bringing up the wrong @ name and I'm sending tweets to the wrong people! 
@twitter Why cant I get to twitter via my mobile phone anymore??? I used to be able to now I cant 
@twitter will twitter be down!? noooooo 
@Twitter_Tips Mine isn't 
@Twitter_Tips Sorry mate... twitter follow fix still isn't working for me.  
@twitterapi   how can i htmlencode a query string to a  search for ?  to find musical tweets?,  doesn't seem to work 
@twitterapi Testing source parameter for @Twunami Me thinks something else is up. It doesn't seem to be appearing.  ^EL
@twitterberry doesn't like me...i can't @twitpic anything 
@TwitterFon And I *hate* Tweetie. Sorry, but I think I'll keep my Beta Copy of TwitterFon Pro... 
@twitterfon is not letting me delete tweets. 
@TwitterFox I like the changes in the update, but they seem to have introduced more bugs than it's worth 
@TwitterFox updated to FF 3.11 &amp; when I sign in it CHUGS the browser while gathering tweets. my HDD lights stays lit. its just not nice. 
@TwitteringRav I had to actually beat people who were good to get my achievments 
@TwitteringRav I've been trying to get you to play that for weeks 
@twitterrific my twitterrific is not working yet 
@TwittleMissBIG k buddy bye 
@TwittleMissBIG what happen? Why you end up staying home 
@TwittsMcGhee Omg. My heart. Beachh 
@twittsted we plan on meeting her we have no 5*  as they sold out too fast, BUT we have 3rd row centre (pit)
@TwittyWoman  2nite leftovers!  yesterdays meal improved w/ age &amp; by not taking 4 hours to prep, 'cept crab cakes &amp; clams r history 
@TwittyWoman Affirmative - looks like stormy weather... keeps on rainin' all the time... 
and it would help a lot if i could spell correctly....doh 
And it's about now that I wish we didn't have Sky. Why does it stop working when it rains? This is England, it rains ALL THE TIME 
And it's all over  BGT
And it's all over baggies 
And it's back on again. 
and it's burning under my skin 
And its cold now 
and its early cuz tmr i cant go on the computer. 
and its gone all over my bag! 
And its raining again today 
And it's raining again. Will it ever stop? I think not 
And its really cold 
And its sold out.  going to next showing in two hours.
And I've got a driving lesson today 
and i've just read a few of the comments... angry people are mean 
and i've only got one day off a week for the next month and a bit 
And Jenny is so gorgeous --' PFFFF i love her style, i want her outfits 
and joe...why...why....just TELL ME WHY.... ....Im dying for you...and you changed...Im disappointed...because you're another joe 
And just accept everything thats thrown at me. Something i would liek to change really... 
And just as quickly and unexpectedly as the sun came out, away it goes 
and just existing.&quot; --Michael E. Gerber. G'nite! Nobody loves me. No one ever tweets me back  Sweet Dreams! Esp 2 Kirstie, Demi &amp; Susan P
And just like that outmania is over 
And just yawned and glicked on my arm 
and Karol dropped off Luke for his first day of daycare. 
@TwiTweeterDesi Thanks bb. I'm back in Portland now. 
@TwixtBetwixt Oh wow! That's crazy. I hope it all works out. 
@TwiztidKris  That horse finally killed him 
@twizzle36  my brother did the swelling thing and no it's not nice 
@twizzle36 let me guess - bills 
@TWLOHA wow.... 
@two_Ot &lt;3 listening to her bootlegs on Spotify,diff. versions of the same songs, prefer the old T tho. worried that this will disappoint 
@twobdesired Um our guy is no longer on Twitter 
@twobear i got a really bad case of man flu it crossed the gender line 
@twobeerqueers ok i wont bother you until 10pm then 
@TwoBytesCarley I'm sorry we never met up, we were go go go from the second Dirk got home 
@TwoCoats Really! When directed to NYArts site via link in email update, there you were. Deleted email after, so can't retrace the link 
@twocutecats  I'm still drenched from all that rain. 
@Twofine5 awww.. sorry to hear that   *MUAH*
@twoflukes I'm a complete jackass for spoiling the SYTYCD results. It was completely accidental and I obviously wasn't thinking clearly! 
@twofourteen Aww, nuts! 
@twofourteen http://twitpic.com/7knc7 - 
@twofourteen im awaaake! but a wee teensy bit tipsy so idk if i can converste about prostates very well.  alcohol should be PRO PROSTATE
@twofourteen lol. i decided to try it out for the rest of the namecheap contest. been answering since june 5th and haven't won yet. 
@twofourteen Mine too. Where are Jared and Jensen when you need them? 
@twofourteen That's absolutely horrible. That poor boy 
@twojohnspodcast I had to unchecked all apps - Sync- then recheck- and sync again. Warning - all data &amp; prefs will go poof. 
@twokidsonelove grrr i think im getting your tweets really late! gahh  oh well at least im getting some! (thats what she said) 
@TwoKnottyBoys Damn, wish I was staying in CA a little longer! 
@twoninesix The second-half was simply heartbreaking, wasn't it? I've watched it three times already and I still cried 
@TwoPeasandPod Hubs is gone for the week &amp; kiddo is home.  No gym for me.  Maybe I'll run while he rides bike? The cement kills my knees 
@tworal I well miss you  xxx
@twosoups *sob* can u see my reply to @CatatonicCat? fucking @reply update 
@TwoSquaredEnt I didn't get the link 
@TwoSteppinAnt  I LOVE that 4 U....... Who's your date?  I have 2 tkts N1 - solo N2 and solo N3 
@twosteppinant @wiveswitches so it sounds like the dvd with the box set is a consolation prize 
@TwoSteppinAnt Damn 
@TwoSteppinAnt i love it way more than &quot;scenes&quot;. it would be sad to have it lost to the annals of a TV station. 
@TwoSteppinAnt I still cant convert.  tried the link you sent.  I think I need to visit the mac store and meet with a specialist @ this pt
@TwoTheFace  I had to go buy some chips after I heard that!!   Miss you
@twotonedc asi asi, got a cold 
@twta  i wish i could come guys! 
And let the week begin 
and living room only have table before some people can get there 
And lost my next tennis round 
and man my followers are droppin like flies. yesterday i swear i had 30, and now i only have 26. sad day 
And many tests to study for  didnt even start (of course.) lol
And Marc!/Tommy lose to the Bryans in three.  Fena and Muzzah on court. I am off to have my hair cut and get ingredients for cake baking,
And Martin appears to have jinxed us. He told me it's raining there. Within half hour, it's started here 
and missin you my dear prince, is incredible the lack of you in my heart â™¥  hope to see you tomorrow so I can kiss you again... *.* L've u
And Molly has to stay at Corey's mom's house even longer now until we can find another apartment if we dont get this one. 
And Monday just got better...FLAT TIRE! 
And Monday. Trying to find a polite way to tell a client we are removing our logo from their site, and their site from our portfolio 
And more great news my Uncle Vincent passed away today...my moms oldest brother.   I can't take much more.
And more personal info - I now have a purple toe nail and it looks like it's going to fall off, no sandals for me this summer 
And more... now perhaps an ear infection? KILL ME PLZ. I can't take this anymore. 
and msn is being an ahole today toooo... 
and my ass still hurts 
and my babies 
And my butt is getting bigger my thighs are huge 
and my Cameron 
AND my car died...  again :-S
And my day was going so good too 
and my finger still hurts...  
And my hair got messed up 
@zoowar i noticed too  it's probably a combination of the two. whatever, more tickets for the people who actually believe in our team!
@zoowar sometimes i wish i could go back to march 
@zoozees Sometimes, turning the other cheek doesn't cut it, and the best you can do for Jesus is get it over with quick. 
@zorak303 yikes, i'm glad to know it's not just my AC then! was really starting to worry  ugh
@zoraphina Yes. Fortunately I'd finished them. Should have disposed of the wrappers  
@zorbadgreek i was stuck waiting outside so didn't get to see  we did vanilla. awesome! also has hotdogs!!
@zorgonpride true true &gt;_&lt; ahhh im so over school, im in the deciding mode of leaving or not, im so unsuure 
@Zorlone - Doc Z, where's Jedi master @dezertsnow.  I hardly see him these days.  Any news? 
@zorocaster been a while since i had the charsiew there  its damn good
@zorro357 it's a good idea!! &amp; i should stay awake all night. but tomorrow i have to wake up very early! 
@zorro357 No fruit here..  I need to go grocery shopping!
@zorythevirgin my little sis  the bb. And I know right?! Her hair isn't even curly!
@Zosaphine Drink came out of my nose at that scene 
@ZOTAC That's awesome,  give me one ;)  That thing has more memory on it than my desktop has total 
@zouljiin He's on Twitter! But yes. He's awesome, and has an AWESOME! name. And sadly, I know not of the commercial you speak of. 
@Zounja ka son! aku disuruh tidur kmrn. i was waiting for ur reply for several minutes but theres no answer  HAHA bikin rendang susah!
@zownder I'm doing well! Its beautiful here and im stuck in class  but going out tonight shall be fun! How are you??
and my hand is bruised from trying to catch that jug!  lots of little swollen bits 
and my head is still hurting 
And my heart just broke a wee bit for him 
And my heart just broke....he is married.....to Scarlett Johansson..... 
And my internet has failed me.  i guess its just time to go to bed. Nite yall.
and my knee is killing me. &quot;/ doctors here i come. 
And my laptop still has no internet. 
And my modem cut out again.  I can't even get the page for the modem to stay up on the screen. This is too weird!
And my mom just scratched it.... anyone know how to get rid of it? It's on the screen! 
And my old faithful copy of &quot;The Colour of Magic&quot; has bought the farm due to water damage 
And my pants make me feel like a cholo. 
And my photos seem to get stuck at the very end of sending 
and my piercing is no more.. 
And my room is a mess and i try to pretend it's my binder and take care of it but it's just not working 
and my sisters gone back to merimblah 
And my skin is kinda red now. I swear I used my sun lotion but it never helps 
And my tongue is burnt too, and my lips  use sunscreen guys!
and my tweetdeck stopped working 
And my web address still doesn't forward to my Etsy shop. 
And my xbox dies on NXE yet again....it's not been the same since last week's downtime 
And no ... I'm not jealous .. Have you seen the person in question ? Yuk! 
And no I'm not mad over that just mad period!!! Good bye 
and no one wanted to pee on me  haha. Ouchhh feeling the sting :s
and no, you cant buy a gorgeous poster (http://is.gd/1aP53) from NYIBC this year, their 25th Anni. They cut costs and didnt print any. 
And no. Greensboro men are not as hot as Durham guys. Or maybe you all just didn't show up tonight. 
and nobody is responding to my text messages. 
And not in a good way .. 
and now another friend's mum has taken a turn for the worse  life is so cruel, especially cancer 
and now for something completely different. math. 
@zoziekins dudie. definitely responding! that video ... breaks my heart 
@zoziekins never ever heard of it! oh  maybe i shall try some one day...
@zoziekins zozo. those pictures make me want to cry a bit 
@zozo2k3 I know they drive people to extremes with their actions, but some things he said were too much. I used to respect him. 
@zozotheterrible girls did to rob.. thats just out of line 
@zparticle mowed weeds....no grass   How the heck are ya?
@ZPAwoman I'm working on it. 
@zpower I don't have an Accessibilty option 
@zpush everybody knows something i dont! i'm curious. i forget it's some kind of crime. 
@zpush I'm trying lol - just frustrated 
@zquack Ouch. Poor employees 
@zren21 creation? Its just a picture right now. Man Idk how to do my page 
@ZRHERO HaaHaa its finished now  lol
@ZRHERO Just had tea and tht was a bad  pickie lol i misspellt Bad as big lol wuu2 im bored 
@zrhero What have Brawn done by changing his strategy mid way through 
@ZRHERO wont work!  and it keeps disconecting my pod.. :@ I officially hate it now.
@ZRHERO Yeah and yeah. But i cant go on it atm cause the xbox is in my brothers room and hes locked his door cause hes out 
@zrosen88 cute yes... But some sad parts too 
@zrtyler no not really I'm jus bored as hell 
@zsazsabinks I love that show too! I think its cancelled though 
@zsbcreations Cool! I can't  My legs are to short. Or to fat! 
@zsbcreations How will Europe manage with so many extreme right parties you mean ? 
@TWTRCON I have a BlackBerry and G1.  @peoplebrowser #twtrcon
@Twxtd4Jordan well, i wish he's let us in on it...so we know when our man is on....i'm missing him lately 
@twylababe me too...but i dont see them having babies anytime soon 
@tx_girl now that i think about it, i'm over my minutes this month... can u get on aim? or we can pm? or i can call you after 9...sowwy! 
@TXAng99 i wish you could chase with me in July in VEGAS --   met a guy last night who owns his own island, gonna try to hook us all up
@TXAustin awe I'm sorry its causing you so much trouble 
@TXBrad I need Coffee, lol, I saw you tweet this on McInTEC Net lol  it comes up before Mibbit, Mibbit is so slow on Twitter, it sucks 
@TXBrad it works for other videos and has been doing  it for a few days 
@TXBrad Sorry, Wont add you becuase I dont have Facebook  becuase I think its crap #facebookiscrap
@txcranberry I just got an email from my Aussie pal. I dont think she has a clue about it cause she just told me all about her plans.. 
@txflygirl I agree! Walking out your door at 7am to hot humid weather isn't pleasant  via http://twib.es/CKJ
@txharadem sorry honey 
@txmedic88 I took the actual one about a week ago.  waiting to get my scores back for another week or two though, which is killing me 
@txnewsgirl Oh yes I did. I guess the shots were just for them then  but I will try and watch anyway.
@TXNFLPrincess Ugh!  I hope it gets better soon!
@zslay1102 I think it's about to rain! I see lightning in the parking lot...and it's drizzling. No park 2nite 
@zszafran I wish I had anything gigabit  All I have left is a 2948 and two 831 and my handy 5-port Netgear 10/100 switch
@ztnark previews look like the 1st edited down, the Ocean No one would find my body, and make me look stupid for drowning in my pool. 
@zubinsaxena yup, thts the problem! im still on bloody xp 
@zubintavaria Actually it was not so bad  - conductor at least starred at my mobile since I was the only guy in the Volvo at the end.
@zudacomics awww...do i have to? 
@zudas people have been saying anytime now for the past 24 hours 
@zuhiboy No problem mate.! Thanks for the dvd. But there is no lightroom in it.! 
@zulukcult I know  Im sorry, I wanted to stay longer. I just told Noelle and Chelsea &quot;good luck in College&quot; and left. had 2 go
@ZumaZoum Yeah, I had second thoughts about #1 the moment I sent you his profile.  Too bad about #2.  
@zupergarl sa fiu al dracu daca stiam ca poza mea poate fi marita. fuck ce urat sunt! 
@zurairi @jamsyyy omaigod i JUST realised wat u guys wrote abt my u-knw-wat. n no. it DIDNT come today. 
@zuratulzulkifli cant tests tmw  direct message me here 
@ZuriNayeem Well DAMN was the dinner good @ least?? lol 
@zurplemoon  I'm sorry.....deep breaths, I started a program called panicaway...it has worked wonders.
@Zut_Radio No I am not 
@ZuvitaHanifa I don't know haha, it's boring  do you have a myspace? www.myspace.com/emalvsptwntz nice to meet you too (:
@ZuZuBrandy Sorry  I'm making puppy dog eyes! What about Friday after 1:00pm as I'm taking Bobby Kitten to the vets! Love yoooous 
@ZuZuBrandy wow Venus lost? dang who did she play? 
@zuzuhaha that sucks pretty badly. same thing happened to us earlier in the year. 
@zwamkat ....the Cat not  was time to say goodbye.
@zwford ruh roh.  
@zwinky101 wats wrong? People still ignoring you? 
@zxch arcanine scratched her. 
@zxch I just like her music....you know? 
@zxch yeah.  He almost tore her back apart. It was so scary..but a little funny.
@ZydrateFairy Sorry, darlin'. 
@ZydrateFairy Ugh!  So sorry, bebe...  &lt;3 *hugs!*
And now he answers my BBM  be strong denise be very strong iono care how adorable he is... Blahh
And now her pager's going off 
and now he's left me. 4:15AM and i'm chatting with someone back home. i miss hk so so so much. take me back 
and now I am sad 
And now i cant even type a tweet without embarrassing myself. I'm shutting up for the rest of the evening now. 
And now I have an entire folder of pictures missing! What is up with my computer?!?! 
and now i might have to make some comfort soup 
and now i missed on Q102 because my facebook wouldnt load .. stupid laptop 
And now I'm at work 
And now I'm home. This is nice...aww jeez, now I'm missing America. 
and now i'm hungry 
and now I'm just wondering why we didn't try to just avoid this huge mess, but then maybe it all happens for reasons! I'M CONFUSED. 
And now I'm out of the game 
and now i'm sooooo missed my dad ! wanna have much time with u 
And now it rains... bye bye summer 
And now it's all gone 
and now its already lunch time... u have just finished with twitter,FB,orkut,gmail..!!! damn.. when will my work start.. 
And now it's bright outside... Soo not fallin asleep 
and now itunes store is down 
And now I've got a migraine. Brilliant 
And now Liz Cheney on George Stephanopoulos. These people are messing up my Sunday morning. I miss Tim Russert. 
and now my keys are locked in the car.  What a great day already.  - http://bkite.com/06Foa
and now my wallet got stolen. NOTHING IS GOING OKAY 
and now no one will IM me back   
and now on hold with Comcast for 25 minutes 
And now slimy from the Nivea slathered on the burns 
@TxSkirt Thanks. Sadly, he passed away last year. My grandfather (who was a gunner on the USS Alabama) 3 years before that. 
@txteacher626 those are probably mine  me sad.
@txvisionary no, I still haven't figured it out 
@TY Park... Cutting watermelon, looks like rain is showing up soon 
@Ty_Elizabeth he thinks hes a ninja onstage and done his triple kick flip and hurt his knee 
@ty_ty Ah crap  those are usually fun
@tyamdm thought was into the ticket site ...the browser stuck on no waiting time 
@tybooth yes well I got scheduled to go to Hugo like all week last week. 
@tychay I'm affected, too, but I can't avoid the bluescreen  Maybe I should wait for 10.5.8?
@TychoBrahe I think my favorite will now lose - people casting for Darkmagic before will probably swing to Lookouts 
@tycoon13 yeah X2 closed early (830) so I didn't get to go on it...super sadness 
@tycoon613 no spoilers!! I'm missing it! 
@tyDi dammit wish i'd requested &quot;I Come Running&quot;  one of my absolute favourite vocal trance remixes of last year!!
@tydye4 thanks for coming to the black &amp; white party last night 
@tyehut what is so scary about it?? 
@tyff1004 aww man we can't talk all the shit we use 2 talk bout breezy anymore  (nothing but good things) @snkrholic
@TYfiTY I really need a Mac. My dad wants the chipin money for the camera. I don't want him to have it, I'm working as hard as I can 
@tygmiller coz, I dun really have friends anymore here... 
And now starts the journey back home... 
And now the cop gave me a ticket. My poor Boris!  (yes I named my fj cruiser Boris!)
and now, i don't know when or if i'll be able to see THEM again 
and now, sleepy... but need to wash my face... remove make-up... 
And obviously I can't type right now either. *meow* It's to early. 
And of course I forgot to take cash out so I'm now walking to Manc in the pissing rain. 
and of cous=rse robert pattinson won best breakthrough performance male on the mtv movie awards 
And off I go. Later tweeps! I'll find time later since I'll prolly arrive here around more or less 10pm and I have to wake up tom at 4am. 
And off to the dentist I go again. They're going to use needles this time. 
And oh fucksticks, it's fathers day tomorrow isn't it =\ Titty-wanking-shit-potatoes. Can you tell I might have forgotten? 
and oh! fyi, the cimory yogurt is strawberry which i really really like. oh  brothaaaaaaa, why u sooo annoying 
and omg exam tomorrow 
and on a side note...i'm guessing the whole point of twitter is to have followers huh?? that must mean i suck i only have 4 followers  
And on the way back from court on his First two tickets. He gets another. That sucks. 
And once again, no iPhone for me from #trackle or #Squarespace 
and ordered them. two for the sunday, nice one! but they've still not came and it's this weekend  oooops
and our excellent guest artist Susanna Majuri left Bergen for Helsinki today 
and people who was suppose to tear da stage up with me can't make it so imma be up there by myself 
and philosophy down the drain, total retake, bummer. 
and pizza run - another early night - not good for the food industry in the northern suburbs 
And plus I lost my tooth 
and sad  why do some people never reply to you on facebook, but you can see they are online. they hate me 
And samatha is gonna get so busted for over spending dad's credit card 
And she'll be (sort of) with alex, and her friends, and swimming, and eating!! Ugghhh! 
and she's gone.  
And sitting again, not off until 5:45  x
And so hell week begins, Andrew last morning leading and night preaching... then a farewell or final thing every day  moving is hard
And so I go to bed, full of happy, and slightly disturbing, web surfing memories. Goodnight internets, for I must awaken at 5 AM for work 
and so is April 
@tygmiller singapore... Well, I have some but dun feel like asking them... Heehee.. @jeszlee I wish you are here... 
@tygr20  Well FINE, Love you too
@Tykequan so please forgive me 
@TykwonFlow  Hahaha Yeah true. I'll get to 500 someday!
@tyleem111 longggggggg stupid corny story that I don't even wanna yalk about it. Fuck my life. Tyleeeeee I misssh u and boyfriend! 
@TyleneBuck Miss You. It was my b day on the 21st, I'm old! 
@tylerabramfitch ME TOO! About the throat thing, never eat a tblsp of cinnomon and try and swallow it. It hurts SO bad. 
@tylerbonilla it's not happening until 4 am, i believe 
@tylercaulfield aww man that bites. I guess i need to go to the doctor then 
@tylercaulfield haha no  im scared of doctors and i have no money!
@tylercaulfield no fevers, thank god. But it really hurts just to swallow my own saliva  i do sweat like a madman in my sleep though too.
@tylerceerius wish i could go to the show tomorrow! 
@tyleRcoey right there with you.. went to bed at 2, got up at six, its gonna be a super long day 
@TylerCollins i want my name 
@tylerconium oh, that's so sad 
@tylerconium sad thing about kickball, I haven't made it to one single game because of work and will miss this one because I am moving 
@TylerCyrus  Do you need someone to talk to?
@tylerdoesdrugs all alone? 
@TylerDurdan It's a summer 2007 model, without AppleCare. I did have it checked out by a Genius, who replaced my battery with no luck. 
@tylereaton mmm. I wasn't invited. 
And so its rains 
and so the angry letters from parents begin  i feel like im back at school and i have been causeing mischief
And so the last day has dawned on our adventure.  looks to be a good'un. Just packing everything away for the last time.
And so, as @rygledhill returns from work, i must depart 
and some apps on gentoo 64bit run even slower 
and still, there are things that keeps me waiting. 
and suddenly hyped for work experience: 10.30 till 6, monday to friday. although there's a heatwave next week so four sweaty tubes a day 
and talk to him and he does not want that 
and that a friendship with opposites is not a good idea at all. that i really need to let her go, even after all we have been through 
And that Harry Potter sucks because he rides on a broom.
And that makes me.... Defeated 
and that my tan is leaving me 
And that sucks, I was hoping that @ChrissiSerratos really was Christian 
and that was another day without a call from the boss that they have an assignment for me  #bsb
And that was goodbye to my home of 2 years. Missing it already.  May the new place cure my heartache. 
And that weather celebration has lead to an upset stomach  
And that would be @JinOhChoi , damn twitter not putting spaces where there should be spaces 
and that's why i never got an iphone, how bloody expensive. in a bit of a shitty mood tonight again. balls. 
@tylerhaganME Yes, Yes it does! i miss my other home!!  ROCK IT TODAY!!
@TylerHerrin You may have some shrimp... as soon as you help cut the heads off the poor things 
@tylerjanelle the guy mailed me back re:mgmt. r18. all of them 
@TylerrReidd i'm sick. and it's one of THOSE days. 
@tylershamy  you love Relient K too?  yay! haha i love them, they came here in PA but i couldnt go   i was so bummed
@tylershamy dang it! i was gonna go cause it was literally 5 minutes from my house 
@tylershamy I miss you 
@TylerTew i wont see you tomorrow 
@Tymlee You know I saw some others as well the other day, I think Mark had them.. can't remember.. too terrible 
@tymoss here in the philippines the thyphoon will come to our house in15 hours 
@tymoss why ???? 
@tyna_x I understand that The Big Bang Theory &gt; Cameron 
And the bad part is that i got to be up by seven 
'And the black keys never loked so beautiful'  sooo wanna see miley cyrus at the O2 in december 
And the fact that I couldn't spell ridiculous this morning should further prove how out of it I actually am. 
And the hayfever begins 
And the hockey season is over 
And the iPhone still isn't available in ND. #1 son says &quot;won't happen&quot;. 
And the kids are still in school. Its been like a month since I've been out. My eyebrows itch and i'm terribly home sick. 
and the long boring in service begins  would so rather be with you!
and the long weekend comes to an end.... 
and the new moon preview OMFG!! :-D fucking awesome!! why november why do u do this to me??? 
and the one person i love more than myself, hates me. I think. I have never cried so hard, for so long, so much. 
And the other RBU is having too many errors to play  Grr software updates
and the pictures still aren't uploading properly 
And the power comes back on when I had fallen asleep 
And the printing errors...cant read popeye or flash 
And the radio just keeps on playing all these songs about rain 
And the replacement Helio I got off eBay smells like cigarette smoke 
and the sickness returns. i wish it would just go away 
And the tears just wont stop, now... Ive held it together pretty well the last week. Greys made me miss Ash. 
and the theme goes on  â™« http://blip.fm/~8jckg
And the there were 2  @gloriavelez
And the tickets are only ï¿½13 and there is still some left :O I wanna go sooo bad!! 
@tynanbuck I'm sure LA missed you, just like I do now 
@tynanhooper I hear ya... unfortunately the boss has a file review 2mr with a client so I have to get the review sheets done on all files 
@Tynesha :O the ending makes me 
@tynie626 i think the women are beasts for the most part 
@tynie626 nice! i did not drink tonight, sadly  lol
@TynzBoomPow do you think I'm crazy? I like her songs too! I got rid of them recently and I regret it. ALOT! 
@TynzBoomPow EWWW  NICK &amp; MILEY ARE GROSS TOGETHER.
@TynzBoomPow HAHA! Come over now!  I can eat luh 
@TynzBoomPow I wanna go out  GO EHHHH 
@TynzBoomPow My brother wants you to follow him. HAHA! GO FOLLOW K. i wanna watch Hannah Montana too 
@TynzBoomPow Serioussss :O then what are you going to do? Let it close? 
@TynzBoomPow WHUT?! U r free? The whole day!! What happened to the Projectttt.  THEN I'M FREE TOO.
@TynzBoomPow You left me at tuiion yesterday  Mr Ho scolded me like how he scolded you that time. 
@tyosaurus Sick of my face? How could you........ 
@Typatt sad sad life. That is not a happy tweet at all  cheer up chipper Charley
@typezero3 yeah I am  things I do for my kids...
@TyphoonSusie you and I both kid 
@typicaldez i want subway  i haven't eaten anything all day....
@typicaldoll AND i called you but your dad tolds me that you were not at home, so  and omg your twitter photo is so wow!
@typicaldoll http://twitpic.com/7k6qh - awwww my little Lobster  I love u with all my soul bff of magic drugs.
@typicalnaloboy  boo  but you can see it on the days when you dont work! then you will be evil!  muhahaha
and the tranquil is shattered with the thundering realisations that I'm 30 a week today. FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK. 
and the Ubuntu Installer froze. Harumph 
And the university computers don't say what key it is to show the boot menu 
and the weekends over!!!! 
and the winner is... Diversity! goodbye, Susan Boyle! she dreamed a dream, man!  http://bit.ly/323zoQ
And the work week begins  blah de blah. Is in 1 yet?
And then #RedEye was over. 
and then a final one hour long finale. Miley wanted there to be a moral to the show so we'll see what happens. Personally, I'll miss it 
And then I was gonna watch The first season of &quot;The Tudors&quot; on Netflix but its not working 
and then the remake of it to come out!? WTF I am not THAT old am I???? It makes me feel really old?! 
and then the whole cycle starts again. or rather, stops again 
And then two huge girls sit next to me and eat hamburgers with their mouth open 
AND THEN, some of my other friends are taking off to europe next week 
and there goes the shutout.   #redsox
And there might be a thunderstorm coming up. 
and there she goes........ 
and there was a spider crawlin on my leg....HELL NAW!!!!!!  :'(
and theres no signal out there  also ill be out there for 3 days 
@typsie didn't even think about it  no emo tear! Next time for sure!
@tyrannosarahrex , guess who's birthday is today 
@tyrannosarahrex eclipse made me cry so much 
@tyrannosarahrex stupid twitter i sound so stupid in the last tweet cuz they dont give us enough characters ! 
@tyraslilsis she can't when it private. Tried that a long time ago 
@tyrelassie @justverity years of trying to support English sport makes you that way 
@Tyrese4ReaL    sooooo unfair! lol I can't wait til I'm famous haha I'ma be in there like swimwear! lol
@tyrese4real ahhhhhh I wanna see it!!! Making me jealous 
@Tyrese4ReaL are u gon' be a part of fast &amp; furious 5?? i SURE hope u do cause if not im gon be really really disappointed! 
@Tyrese4ReaL damn I wanna watch Baby Boy right now and can't find my dvd   (I love that I can actually tell u that) lol
@TYRESE4REAL http://twitpic.com/6jj1q - BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER!! WISH MY DADDY WAS LIKE YOU 
@Tyrese4ReaL i know i'm thinking u r too sexy &amp; chocolate 2 b asking these questions without anything being able 2 b followed thru  lol
And they drank my soda. 
and they take your license in illinois?! so i can't get it back for 3-7 weeks?! what is that?????? aggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh. my first ticket. 
And things turn awry again..   
and this is how a heart breaks 
and this is totin, her kitty, the sweetest ever, seriously. all she wants is food and lovin'. she has to go too  http://twitpic.com/69h2h
And this is when cedric dies 
And this morning weekly company committee... 
and this suppose to be the first day of summer 
and this terrible cartoon that's supposed to be mexican. 
and to cap it all, Poppy was nearly run over today having vaulted a wall whilst chasing a ball - that's 3 emotional traumas in one week! 
and to make even better...I am going to the I-70 game on Saturday! its goin to be a great week. if only I could see Carpenter pitch tho. 
And to make it worse, grease 2 is starting now. i hate this movie 
and to the guy who i am attempting to talk to. I'm here for you. please don't be afraid to call me. I'm sorry bout this all.  call me
And to think after almost 20 years living with a face, self-portrait would be a piece of cake 
And to top it off, I miss @lvbosworth 
and to top it off, I'm out of Kellogg's Crunchy Nut. What a great start to the morning 
And to top it off... the group I usually eat with at lunch, are going out.  I'm not invited cause I work in a different department.  
And today is suppoed to be my test day.. OMG.  I better get breakfast and lunch today.
And today my first &quot;Oh dear God, NO!!!&quot; - Immediately hit the block button response today. I think I threw up a little in my mouth... 
And today will be...Scorchio! Please don't let the bus heating be turned on. 
And trash repops.  Getting it tomorrow night I suppose. 
and trey just threw up all over me agian!!!!!!!!!!! idu this boy 
@Tyrese4ReaL thats not fair! im too far away  lol
@Tyrese4ReaL you guys should have come to Melbourne for the premier 
@Tyrese4Real zshare dont never work for me 
@tyroga I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@tyrone yes i now mhhhhhhhhhh          i    will  tooooooo
@Tyrone17 ohhh nice i will tooooo       
@tysiphonehelp No problems jailbreaking because the damm video won't play on my iPod 
@tysiphonehelp well it's passed midnight in some time zones and it's not out yet so I guess well just have to wait and see. 
@TysonDueck Too bad. 
@tysonelder   I didn't discoverit untl this year.  next year I'm stocking up.
@tysonisepic aw god tyson, i missed you last night. we went to the park  lol. hm had an interesting week/weekend, i'll tell you about  ...
And Trips didnt come back either 
and try to get some more cleaning out/organising done whilst being logged in.. it's the end of month so not expecting it to be busy 
And twitter fox tooooo oh snap I'm such a Twitter Noob 
And waiting.. Still waiting.. Looks like were last 
And Wal-Mart was out of ammo boxes. I'm never gonna shoot my gun 
and way too warm!! 
And we are getting KILLED in the game 
And we are homeword bound 
and we had a $100 gift certificate we were planning on using tonight 
and we have  a stabbing hello full moon + police = fail. your wallet is not worth your life. 
And we have thunder!!!. And I am alone. 
And we say that we are working Hard...  http://bit.ly/BM4J3  
And we wait.....and wait 
And we're back to my world.    no more vegan friendliness.  Back to ordering sides of veggies.
And we're off to a farewell brunch for some dear friends at church 
and we've reached the hell hole. ugh. 
And what does that mean while I've been involved with SharePoint perf tuning over 6 months and noone's thought about adding new servers? 
and when i asked them to understand me, they called me selfish  am i asking too much?
and when I got out my phone was dead :[[ it lived for 2 weeks  ughh.
@tysonritter feel better! the flu/knee problems suck 
@tytryone Every time you post something on Twitter, I'm reminded of how much I miss you... 
@TyTV_Live hey. I decided not to go. My head hurt and I'm in a fucked up mood. 
@tytytyq UCB has no ed  sigh schless 4 now.
@Tyyyy Im allergic to their seasoning  I cant even eat the damn rice. smh
@TzakShrike Oh.  Are they any good, or are they just doctrine shit?
@TZduzit  . thanks 
@tzipib i wanna come to the beach with you guys!  have fun!
@TzSqeez Yeah it was the same for the Cavs last night-- but they lived to see another game. Sorry about Denver. 
@tzunihime i have been trying to understand what does ur user name mean . no luck till now 
@U2JesusGirl  Thank u my sweet boo! I had a day from hell 
@UA86 I'm jealous that the CHEEKS is going to PETCO. WEEEEEE should be the ones going, not that hater. 
@UAFLYBOI Yeah i work tomorrow...so i'm gonna go to bed now  have a good night and dont drink too much
@uahandful @melodyehsani Won't be making it to the fiesta sale tomorrow girls  so sad! Save me some goodies ;)
@uangel the link was dead 
And who got a look at the occultation last night? Not me, I'm afraid. 
And why do they think &quot;how much they want it&quot; is a factor? I really want to be 19 and fit again, but that's just not going to happen 
and why is everyone having a nice weather but prague 
And why is there nothing on TV tonight (non-foxtel, wish I had foxtel   )
and with &quot;JAMES McAVOY&quot; as the hero it make things even sadder 
And with that - i'm off to bed to listen to some chill out sounds and regroup for more Joomla! junk on a stick tomorrow 
and with that i say goodnight. must sleep early tonight as early start in the morning 
And with three pictures, it never detectes any of my faces 
and wtf back in the 90's followers. i want 100 again 
And yeah I didn't go to Sick Kids Sunday which I'm sure will bug me for months. 
and yeah, LAKERS WIN! 
and YES I Still have a Super Nintendo, Playstation 2, N64, Wii, Xbox 360, but not a PS3 
And yes, I'm still awake. I really do miss my 10pm bedtimes! 
And yes, Its too hot to swim here on the gulf coast.  http://ff.im/-4dNfE
And YES, small stone house nestling in wooded valley, TLC index grade 9! OK, slight lie, there's a satellite dish, brings it down to a 5 
and yet more rain here in NJ.  Why?! 
@uber_bryan No market for fine-dining filipinos? I'm not too sure   I just found out about this myself!
@uberaubs Something evil... something veeeery evil. muahaha....     no, really I have no idea 
@uberChick I still can't visit your web-page 
@UberDoku thanks love..i miss you. wah 
@uberfuzzy so sad to hear  get well soon!
@uberGruber I so wanted that! I ended up with beef stew 
@uberlaze So jealous.    Back in work today and already feeling underenthused.
@ubernostrum Damn you, my test to code ratio is 3 and I'm still only at 98.2% coverage 
@ubersaurus so sorry to hear that 
@ubersqueak oh noes! is a random seaweed spore got up your hooter? hayfever is made of rubbish 
@ubersquid, stop making me want to punch you. i'm so jealous. 
@ubertwiter how do you send a fresh DM without it being a response? And why only 2 t's in your twitter? Would the real twitter be mad? 
@ubertwiter manual refresh doesn't work either! I have to turn off run in background and close and reopen in order to see new tweets 
@ubertwiter ut was crashing my bb earlier 
@ubringmejoi oh Joi that's a question that has so many answers! 
@ubringmejoi Yayyyy love...your followers are speaking up..lol...now what is mines doing  lol..i NEVER hear from my followers. lol
@ubudroi I *know*. It just took us that long to get around to it! Yes they do takeaway *and*seafood delivery. Forgot to get a menu 
@ubuntugeeks no, no backup... I did make a backup of all my photos and stuff tho, but I didn't have 300 GB to spare on music 
@ubvs Your website is broken  Trying to find an advisor so I can register for Art History but I can't get in!
@Ucancallmeal both sam and your pics not showing up.  
@uccello_raro Why do you wish something like that? 
@ucf0503 Damn, I got Joey too... I was hoping for Jordan or Donnie  poop.
@UchiManeLaFlare seriously... like make calls   PLUS i have to call in advnce ANYWHERE to make sure they have WiFi ...SMGDH!
@UchiManeLaFlare Thanks for sharing your lasagna with me...You're so nice! 
@Ucsmiles He'll just be here a few days, but that's better than nothing!  He's not moving home this summer 
@udaykiran @Vitabeans secret office is so &quot;garage-startup&quot; that I envy the buggers. PS: They refused to show me their secret projects! 
@udinef No... it was done by then  Actually... it was done well before then.
@uexpectme2talk yeah you did....Twice 
@ufgatorphil um, that was my fortune from my fortune cookie last time so i guess that's me... 
@ufo_evolution awwww how sad :/ poor ani-dino-stinky-thing 
@uglybearbible awwww im gonna miss you too!  send a postcard k? LOL @juliantalented
@uglyego but but I wuv my sk 
@UglyGerbil nope just the program that came with my camera...can't afford photoshop  i don't know what a stroke is - is it a border?
@uglynakedguy i hope i don't have to drink it naked 
@UgoEllefsen i'm sorry i couldn't get back on! msn keeps playing up with my computer 
@Ugomozie  that's 15 mins from now
@UGUARDU I can't DM you.  
@ugwug @precious_pea 50-50 for this Saturday yar  will call you guys friday/early saturday to confirm..
@uh_club i lose. 
@uhdylan way to meet me on stickam, biffle. D; i waited for you. 
@uhhexcuseme jenny jennny jennnnnny, misss you, why do i never catch you on skype  this makes me very sad. x
@uhhuhherfan75 send them an e-mail, contact @storenvy here too..  better asking before sending it back, I think... 
@UhHuhHerMusic  I think nobody canÂ´t see LeishaÂ´s photo 
@UhHuhHerMusic I hope you'll post some pics of the show in Portland...for those of us who couldn't be there!    Go on girls, you're great!
@UhHuhHerMusic lower the price it's driving me crazy that I can't afford it and I love u guys so much 
@uhmberr movie maker freezes my whole computer now 
@uhohcaitie aw man I am jealous. can't believe I missed the ~last Sydney show :| i will never forgive myself 
@uhohmonbon I have 8 weeks of being swollen and eating soft foods  we both have sucky summers
@uhreecuh oooh nooo....  wellllll can we FOR SURE FOR SURE go tomorrow... i have a dentist appt 2day... im sure u heard i chipped my tooth
@UHswimmer i'm not sure..i haven't seen him around either...i didn't want him to go  i'll miss him.
@uhthedeal I can't help it...I'm on lust over drive, damn those ridiculously good looking Italians. I only know skeezy Italians 
@ujj my mom took it as an excusse to go back to watching soaps  
@ujj power cuts in bangalore too? this is crazy, just when I am moving back 
@ujm pain=bad 
@Uk_joedan_fan aaah thats good I think I will ventureoutside today too...need to go bank and sort out parking ticket  haha EXCITING STUFF!
@Uk_joedan_fan aww sucks  *sends virtual hot water bottle*
@Uk_joedan_fan But yeah that sucks about someone cloning your account!   Have you reported it?
@Uk_joedan_fan Ohhh are you that  face..work? don`t think.. just be... well we @twixnurse72 are here if you want to talk!
@UK2 Good to see that you cover up outages by deleting them from your system, that link http://status.uk2.net/?p=199 no longer works!  ^ST
@UKANks Awwwww.  Sorry.    I have to go make my friends breakfast.  They crashed over last night.  Bisuits and gravy for the win!
@UKAsh ah ok. Trust the whether to be horrible  it started off so nice and now it's ended up in a downfall. Is the whether bad where ur
@UKBento my video is over 4 mins long, i entered in the early days. I am sure there wasn't a time rule on techdigest site. oh no. 
@ukgamers I always meant to get than for Dreamcast.. never did 
@ukgirlie I best off for some shut eye - got work in a few hours 
@ukmusicgeek In swansea twas just raining, constant raining 
@Uknomee nope 
@uknowulovemeh  as the adverts say 'Always use a condom' in teh uk, the National Health Service always push the use of a condom
@ukroxer Fletching sun  You still coming up?
@uksceptic is this by any chance some kind of club/dancing related injury, mine is still hurting from friday  i found that tea helps
@UKTeresa You've made me look at old pictures of my cats.  I want them to be kitties again 
@UKYO2769 i got it i keep fergetting to take it sorry  om runnin out of battery so ill tweet tommorrow nite bro ;)
@uladee i have only been IN a grocery store a few times in the last year! The shit makes me so frustrated  get food other places...w help!
@ulishoes Hmm, me neither  Maybe it requires blonder hair ??
@uliwitness Not to be cynical, but do you really think that there's a team of QA engineers pounding on RadarWeb? 
@ULOVELACE  it's ok next time I guess lol!
@ULOVELACE I'm not feeling so good... I feel really sick 
@UlrikaE  wow  poor david didn't even get there in time
@Ulrikem Can't find him  and we're on a separate island now. 
@UltimateHurl Now you're leaving me in that friend's house, I wasn't even invited, Marc told me to come 
@Ultimation I joined KP with Pinecone but heard nothing since 
@ULTRAAVIOLENCE I KNOW RIGHT I HEARD IT WAS GOOD I WANNA WATCH IT 
@ultrabrilliant @schwimmersear @andihero @philwal Is this gameporn thing making anyone else miss the BoB? 
@ultrabrilliant Oh fuck we've been talking about having a revival as well, due to new PCs and USB headsets 
@ultrafoetus that remember me Math at the high...when I studied limits and integrals  by the way,I'm 21
@UltraMegaJess awwww, byyyyeeeee 
@UltraNurd All of which apply to us - we're basically textbook definition - so here's hoping. 
@ultrapampers Oh yes it is, but in Germany everybody has holydays! Unfortunately tomorrow will feel like monday for is 
@ultravi0let It's not my fault my parents' computer keeps freezing/crashing!  We can talk on here though, can't we? DM's for private stuff
@ultraviolet5 OMG it IS the real Lily! I can foresee you starting to chat with her instead of me  lol
@ultravioletmama Sorry to hear about your daughter 
@UltreyaR we miss it   but will see it on youtube xd
@ultris It was tops, ta. Everything we'd wished for. Shame we're back to rain tho 
@UluvUY That kangaroo is my YM &amp; FB picture na. Hahaha. Ay, sad bear.  Oh well. You're here now.
@ulyanas What's wrong, love?  â™¥
@UlyssesSeen Oh no!  is there no way to save it?
@ulyuleeuli crap I just saw that yesterday and did'nt stay for the end credits, what happend... and nope currently I am not 
@umabhogereddi oh is it? hmm.. i did not realise there is stability issue.. 
@umado Sadly I didn't have a Fred, or a Barney, or a Betty   Pics will be up on the BBC Cornwall website tomorrow!
@umakemelaugh me too 
@umassdilo PE and AA? That's a toss up. Did your mother have a &quot;fun&quot; time dealing with American Airlines (I assume)?? 
@Umatter2Charter Thanks, hopefully SOMETHING will get done. Your job must suck working for such a horrible company like Charter Comm 
@umatter2chtr my limited connection speeds have been less than a 300 baud modem. 
@UmbilicalBros But I'm in the US!! What about us?? 
@umbro I want a BlueMoon Tee!!!! 
@umeshunni yeah iPhone does have more going for it.. now thats decided.. all thats left is wait for 3G here.. 
@umisk Got it...  I just voted for you, elisha, and Golde.  I didn't see erica, sorry.  
@ummgeri i didnt even see you today  and you were all blah blah im gonna be out of school blah BAWL
@ummgeri i wish my full time didnt hate me 
@ummijah plus I have a sore throat &amp; I have to be awake in 5 hours 
@ummkujo have you talked to Kristie today? My phone isn't working and I can't get a hold of her online 
@ummmmm.. idk really! im kinda out of it rite now  sorry AWW DAYM I JUS SAID IT AGAIN sorry oops I DID IT AGAIN!! yu kno wat? neva mind k?
@ummtravis Spooky, isn't it? The saddest thing is that this man is left to wonder if it's one of his friends who are responsible 
@un1xnut if only I didn't work an evening/night job 
@unabarber I don't think that Jamba Juice exists in switzerland/europe  couldn't find information, is US only how it looks.
@unachicaBELLA naaa it is  he never thinks about me &amp;&amp; now you too thoo!!
@unahealy Awww I want to see that 
@unahealy awww your close to me  jelous i'm not going 2 see u perform   love the sats! lol
@unahealy http://twitpic.com/8014s - aw i cant be there...im too far 
@unahealy i wish you were in Spain Too!  x
@unahealyfan Aww man! I have 2 exams tomorrow!! Theres no way ill get there in time I finish at 3.35!! 
@unahealyfan lol, my window being open makes in warmer inside, my back hurts, it's badly sunburned ouchy 
@unbeauxorage because i get the feeling that you have texted me and i do not want you to think i have been ignoring you. 
@Unbelieva I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@unbeliever008 the same thing happened to me last week. 
@unbraid GRRRRRRRRRRR. Sorry bb. Hope it's sorted soon!  BTW THANK YOU so much for the birthday wishes.. you're a doll! xoxo
@unchiujar yup, it is a problem 
@uncle_geff  it was also the gassssssss I thought about
@Uncle_Trav aww thanks sugar.. i didn't have time to do my make-up this morn.. 
@Uncle_Trav hahahahah! usually i post things but no one replies 
@Uncle_Trav: LoL!!! Wow, just once in a while?!!! 
@uncleenore ...I HOPE so 
@uncleenore Did you just shame me? I am so sad 
And you can tell me that youâ€™re sorry , but I wonâ€™t believe you baby like I did before .Youâ€™re not sorry no more I'm very sad 
and you know about bebel? is she home already? cause i cant reach her 
And you say that everything is different, why don't we just hold on? 
And your knee is out of socket. 
And youtube isnt working for me 
And! he is originally an Englishman.  Nonetheless, he cheerfully tells me they are having lovely weather in Oz even tho' it's winter 
and, danielle, what the shit are you talking about brokeback mountain was TERRIBLE!!!!..
And, had a filling first thing thanks to diligent dentist spotting a gum line hole on an x-ray 
And, no sign of my moonstone... looks like it's gone for good.  I did see some nice boots and a fabulous coat though!
And. . . It's over 
And... Glamber's battery is about 20 minutes from dying! So sad 
and... my boyfriend is scarin me. he not answerin none of my kalls and he usually does 
and... to add insult to injury, mom's boyfriend is in my spot in the bed and there is a d-o-g on the bedroom floor  
And... Up again.   
and....he's gone. 
and...i missed it 
And...no one's home. Typing up coaching thing, sending it out, laying out by the pool. No work today. Wish Jeff was here 
AND.Forgot my AIM screen name. Not my password. Which I remember just fine. And there's no 'Forgot your screenname?' button 
anda rara wn , MY LIFE HAS LOST ITS MEANING 
andd I'm still up only 2 pages.. fml... 3 more to go 
andddd..my brother is celebrating at the lakers' private party tonight too  ohh welll cuz God help us all, MT. HERMON is less than 24 hrs!
anddddd today's gonna be my last fill of protein drink  im going to miss  it 8D
Anders Helsburg video introduction to C# 4.0 is more interesting than this intro to C# 4.0 
Andrea walked away with nothing but a sad heart.  Hopefully this will encourage her to work a little harder on her skills. #fb
andrea's phone died. she's at aprils and now we can't talk all night  Ugh! i miss her lovely voice so much  &lt;333 i love you andrea!!
Andrew and Josh left me  Once again I have to spend ALL my money on someone else when I clearly need cloths
andrew come home. 
Andrew cook's last tweet has me going 'awwwwww'  I LOVE BROTHERLY LOVE
Andrew talain is an assdouche!!!! 
Android squeezecenter remote working well, but where is the developer   http://is.gd/15eeH  #g1 #android
Andy just said if I keep working at Aladdin I'll start to look like Art, the probably gay night auditor that looks like Popeye. 
Andy McKee is playing in Belfast next month! I wanna go!!!! 
Andy's sushi- check. New Pens t-shirt -check. Now I have to get ready for work 
anesthesia is not mixing well..I hate throwing up 
ang init  i hope it rains tomorrow
Ang mahal naman ng wireless landline eh.  @robertsoliman
ang tagal ng request co 
Angel is scaring me  #bb10
Angela Gossow . . . Blood On Your Hands ~Arch Enemy . . . She is not in Twitter  . . . http://tinyurl.com/krcdc6
Angela hates my goatee and beer 
Angela was supposed to be at work 6 minutes ago, damn I'm tired, but im gonna make it. 
@UncleJesseXO Oh no, that's a bummer  Drag queens are usually so nice and friendly....
@unclejimmysporn Oh, I'll have to check him out. No room to follow more ppl though 
