applying after-sun lotion to a particulary stinging face.. 
applying for jobs is not fun...nope, nope, nope 
applying for scholarships in july is a pointless endeavor, it seems. 
Applying for this job http://is.gd/RbWK but first must break Twitter addiction *mmmph* ***MMMPH** Uh lemme get back to you on that okay? 
Applying to Sprinkles, but the website throws me off... it's all in Comic Sans. What a nightmare. Please hire me anyway. 
appointment @ 4, please test negative 
Appointment with genius bar today after work... 
appointment with miss chanell made.....gotta make the trip to the hair store now 
Appppparantly I'm never going to find my soul mate 
Appraisal review is going on.. 
appreciates her mum 
Approaching low battery. 
Appropriate band camp attire-check, Braums 4 the BEST milk eva-check, grocery shopping-check, finding the perfect Judes bike-no check 
Appropriately guilt-tripped by friends ... believe me, would much rather be out on the town than working on a PowerPoint tonight.  Sorry 
Approx. 30 min. Of sleep just isn't enough time to deal with people in the deli. Is it 2:30 yet? 
April + Snow = 
April 7th, still snow on the ground 
April showers isn't supposed to mean snow.  *sigh
Aproape s-a terminat si roadtripu. Maine inapoi intre betoane 
Aquarium of the Pacific, Boston's, cooked steak, veggies, biscuit, and mashed potatoes for chubby. Running out of days in Irvine 
Archery was fun. So glad hollie didnt mess up today i just watched it on ITV she is amazing i want her 2 win. Dont like susan boyle tho 
ARCHIE ANDREWS WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?! veronica? 
Archives? What? When? Where? PAL? 
Archiving project files to SharePoint. This is not fun 
are all journeys full of surprises / disappointments...HOW DO YOU STAY MOTIVATED??? Weightloss is harder than child birth...Ughhh 
Are any of you familiar with Linux Netbooks &amp; can help me fix ours? It's an Acer Aspire One ZG5 running Linpus that reboots during bootup 
Are arcades truely dead in America? You be the judge.  http://twitpic.com/6dbeo
Are dishwasher is broked! 
Are have all my cunstomers decided to be assholes tonight? 
Are iPhone Notes supposed to sync by plugging to iTunes only or via MobileMe too?  Haven't successfully figured it out.   Anyone tried?
Are Sam n Dean on #asylm ? And what about Bella? 
are still trying to make sense of the accident we saw yesterday...... car + motorbike = 
are stuffing envelopes 
Are the CMA awards tonight? I have nothing else to do with my sick self 
are the colors green and blue good luck charms for Rafa?...4 French Open titles while donning those colors...this year, hot pink = lost? 
Are the MacBook Pro screens anti glare? I so want to go and work outside 
Are the Penguins going to win one game at least?  #nhl #hockey
are there any canadian Cover Girls? .. 
Are there any games based on graphic design? I'd probably be crap at that one as well 
are there any games on this thingy mabbobber? im still trying to figure out how to fully use this site lol 
Are there any good voice encryption solutions for BB? There are lots for Symbian devices, but none for iPhone or BB 
are there any NZ #joomla user groups? I feel lonely 
are these people banging away in the attic for real? omg 
Are they not showing &quot;Last Chance Harvey&quot; here? 
Are u afraid of the dark? YES I AM   odioo los apagones!
are waiting for the train to come, Its still more than an hour left  im bored
Are we in 2009 or 1922?  http://tinyurl.com/mqhz5q
Are we really so lame that we invite like 15 people over to swim and bbq and NOBODY shows up!!!  
Are we serious Monroe County? Jury Duty today yayyy 
Are woman just absolutely fucking crazy?!? Can someone please tell me there is a normal, attractive, available lesbian out there for me? 
Are you a lesbian? .... News travels fast at college 
Are you a Lowes fan? Reconsider: they apparently don't want Deaf/Hard of Hearing money since they don't caption their advertisements. 
Are YOU burning more cash $$$ than Chrysler and GM? Stop the financial tsunami. Where "bailout" means taking a handout!
are you ever just too lazy to get up and change the station? i have no idea what i am watching...one of those stupid dance movies?? 
Are you fed up with my concerns? 
are you fucking kidding me?  http://bit.ly/Q6ogx  ... i just can't believe thissssss
Are you going to be doing any more Melbourne shows, i wasnt able to get tickets to the shows you have out    and would loveeeee to come
Are you going to get fired 
Are you kidding me? I've been updating my feed obsessively, step out of the office for 2 min &amp; miss @jamiecullum's contest 
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?! I didn't pass one of my classes...  The one with the DAMNED PAPERS. 
are you kidding me??............how can someone sitting on your hand result in this much pain???still can't bend my thumb 
@atiqah02 Omg, go away.  I don't want my ham to die. T_T Her hair's falling, too. :/
@Atissu i know 
@Ativus LMAO oops la cague  and the sad part is ive been there.
@atkailash I know 
@atl Lame!!! That's a big bummer. 
@AtlantasAList skipping the Tab tonight 
@atlantasymphony Oh noez...calling Star Wars fans &quot;Trekkies&quot; is kind of a faux pas 
@atlantictreefox OMG... that is the most horrific thing ever! So sad and terrible!  
@AtlantisJackson  yeah, @TehKimber sucks.  I can't get a response even running around naked on Twitter. 
@atlantisjackson LOL! Love those dreams! I haven't had any interesting SG dreams in a while. 
@atlantisjewel until i decide i had enough of easy money or my back says no more 
@atlantisjewel Wish I could say 
@Atlchicwswag missing it  so sad about that. @brandi1908 but I'm on vacay so I'm not THAT sad, lol!!!
@atlcutii maaaaaaaaaan aint i been on twitter a week? lol ima leave it alone for another week din but dats wack as hell i want mine shown 
@atlgreekpicnic bc im moving 
@atlhustlerclub i'm missing the catch-up night! 
@atlprincess 'erocka the ruler' i called you, but i see i gets the no love   whats up with that?
@atlprincess I been watching for no reason 
@AtlTeen Awww  Mar misses u
@atlumschema thank you! need to pass my test first 
@AtmanRising - it doesn't work on Linux though  #g1 #linux #pdanet
@atmuraoka710 Ya, I know they were hard!  But I procrastinated but then I said,&quot;Ya know, I'm just gonna do these!&quot; xD I hate poems!!!!
@AtoDa I turned back to real housewives  I suck
@atolls Wow steady can. Need killer boyband name. Don't like that la.. I care for you what  hahahaha
@AtomEve awesome. good for him. now I have to feel bad about making Mewes is a druggie jokes though 
@AtomEve, Hey your dad never invited me to go fishing... 
@atomicbomb sorry to hear about your nan 
@atomicjets where are you? you`re not answering your phone  IM me \/
@atomicmufin wish i could  I'm all out.. I wanted at least ONE of the mods to win something. Damn randomiser :@
@atomicpoet Unbelievable isn't it? I feel sorry for newbies who trust those guys instead of using their common sense and humanity 
@AtomicStoney Poor porn lord. He has no friends. 
@atompowered sad indeed 
@ATPWorldTour ... my heartaches for you Rafa.. 
@atraz hahah :/ she hasnt replyed  i have been tweeting her forever! and i gave selenagomez my twitter.. but she didnt add me 
@atraz wowie im impressed!! Very nice very nice lol you have a gift man lol.. like i dont even have a bf  and yes your blessed
@Atreus It's true, that feature isn't very well presented... I think many people don't know about it. 
@Atreyumystic hi! something seriously went wrong with our internet connection  i just hate it. ...
@atruejewel.. yes girl the free99 budget plan has to last me all weekend lol so sad 
@Atrusni  nope   how bout u?
@aTruUrbanL I can't  I'm sorry babes..bff will disown my ass if I'm not there..she always supports my events so I gotta b there..
@ATsLady Cleveland still rocks!  soooo close 
@ATT007 Well so much for the Pre coming out today ... 
@Attack_Kita hahah, no i keep missin' it  you been talkin' to you know who over yer holiday? ;)
@attandy neighbor! why dont we play beer pong anymore? 
@ATTFJamie @Airframe1 I have neither welders glue or UhU por  But the combination of medium CA and Hot Glue reinforcement works well 
@atthepopa well, i could be considered as high-school graduate here but it's complicated&amp;not guaranteed either gah!MISS&amp;&lt;3 YOU TOOOO 
@AtticusUSA I have no Atticus gear. 
@Attitude471 What did my Dodgers lose??  
@AttitudeE232 aw I'm sorry! me and my horrible memory  hmm think.. umm of Bugaboo Creek! taking moose heads yey!
@ATTNews 3G network is currently down in the Tampa Bay Area!  I expect a credit on my cell phone bill!!!!!
@ATTNews Dear AT&amp;T... any chance You would allow me to upgrade to iPhone 3Gs... it is telling me I am unable to do so until 3/2010 
@Attore ugh not nice 
@AttorneyHogan wow did i tweet that?? good business! but nah i paid the ticket apparently florida law says u have to pay nomatter what 
@atulkarmarkar I did take a long break, right?  was on vacation for more than a week..
@atwossybookclub missed it  we had unexpected visitors.  Not v impressed with book tho.  Nice colours. Missed 'exit wounds' refs
@ATxB that sucks man  I hope Kitteh the best!
@AtypicalPsyche including me?! 
@AtypicalPsyche oooh i see why sorry i was reading down on tweet deck not up 
@Au_ash more like an over doze on food!  
@aub311 Dang me too! It's only a 4 hour drive! Too bad it's my daughters 1st bday party  it's hosted by Donnie
@AubMill Aubraaaa... I might be missing my grad. That suuuucks.  Waaaaaaah. 
@AubreeStorm Haha,I wanna see it too. But its gonna be just after a week in my Country.  Aww. 
@AubreyODay  I LOVE U I MISS DK SO MUCH  I NEVER GOT A CHANCE TO MEET U guys.
@AubreyODay Aubrey has no love for www.dean-kelly.com. 
@AubreyODay Hey Aubrey! How are ya? What are ya doing now that DK split? 
@AubreyODay hey, if you ever come to the scranton pa area you can stay here with me, i live alone  and i will buy you arbys caus im poor
@AubreyOday I &lt;3 you Aubrey!!! You story was on my Google homepage! That is so scary!!!  I know you want to forget it but I &lt;3 U!!!
@AubreyODay is Ginger for rent xD I want the same baby dog  Does she like cat?
@aubreyoday I've never gotten a tweet from you  shout out please?? ;-)
@AubreyODay lollll. call me!  what that your hott
@AubreyODay tried to read ur blog but the &quot;everything you didnt hear me say&quot; one was most recent, maybe it takes a while before it posts 
@AubreyODay, I'm so sorry for ever doubting you.  I shouldeve known better, ur very busy. &amp; I'm sorry cause I know u live us (your fans)
@Aubs lucky you on the sail boat... I miss my sail boat 
@Aubs that was a fail, it just brings you to the homepage 
@auburnjones want me to call your job? I'm sorry  I'm havin a rough one too our date got delayed and stuff.
--@auchboogie i guess... i hope my shit grow back.  i'll never take it for granted again.
@audaciaray There seems to be a problem with your payment processor.  I tried two different cards and got errors on both.
@audaciiousss Kaka, i miss youu  Same to your dad too !
@audaciousaudrey uh Mother's day WE by definition can't be relaxing... A little bummed for  not being able to paint my wall as i wanted. 
@audaciousgloop I can't remember, sorry.  ;)
@audaxpowder thanks... turns out it wasnt the javascript.... it was one freaking css descriptor that was bugging out IE6 and IE7  lol
@Audio_Rush Just finished browsing at her content = 
@audiogamer I think you'll find that everyone else is at work. 
@Audioptics Where oh where?  Come back...
@audiotherapy again no good  maybe spam filter on your accounts or something...
@AudiRae me too  whenwhenwhen??
@auditiondanny How the hell did that happen?  Poor Danny.
@auditiondanny i love your tweets but why no warped this summer?? 
@auditiondanny i want to...dunno if i can make it out tho! 
@auditiondanny when you leave it is more then 'kind of sad' 
@auditiondanny wow seriously?! get out of my head. I had my fingers all ready and poised to tweet that.  ya can't just steal tweets...
Bluh....need ta sleep, need ta clean....which one...sleep haha but I can't 
Blu-Ray player not playing Transformers and not connected to network either, despite screen showing otherwise. Back to Best Buy tomorrow. 
Bmore - I'm sorry...but this party is wack 4 a 1st Friday.   No one dancing hard - unheard of in Chi...
BNP 9% in West Midlands...  At least no seat there...
bnp ahead of lib dems and greens in Wakefield 
BNP doubled their share of the vote in Barnsley... gawd 
BNP elected in Yorkshire. Fucking great 
BNP gains MEP seat. 120k+ votes in Yorkshire and Humber. This is what happens when the rest of us don't vote 
BNP get a Euro MP.  It's a sad, sad day for Britain 
BNP has definitely got one seat, they might also get another 
BNP has won its 1st Member of the EU Parliament in the Yorkshire &amp; Humberside region w/ our candidate Andrew Brons winning 120,139 votes. 
BNP have an MEP seat! What the Hell is wrong with people?    
BNP have one a seat in th EU 
BNP have somehow secured a second seat  doesn't give UK the best impression does it when we are voting for racist extremist parties!
BNP have taken seat in Yorkshire and Humber 
BNP in In YORK &amp; HUmber 
BNP win first UK seat, in Yorkshire &amp; Humberside. Labour down by one seat, Others (ie BNP) up one... 
BNP win second seat   with the salaries and platform that goes with it. Cheery note to go to bed.
BNP....European parliament seat! what happened 2 equality? what is this country coming 2? sad times 
BO to Muslim world:&quot;I'm with you&quot; Iranians: &quot;help us BO&quot;, BO:&quot;tough s--t, your battle, not mine&quot; WTF?! Yeah BO what a great leader.. 
board as FUCK!!!! 
Board games tonight! I was unable to procure a copy of Grave Robbers from Outer Space in time. Failure. 
Board is still down 
Boarded my flight to Detroit. Pray 4 warm weather they had a freeze warning last night. Happy Monday to me! 
Boarding flight 1464 back to LA from Honolulu....    bye bye beautiful Oahu
Area Wide for 9 ball is this Saturday. I've been practicing like crazy! The only bad thing is missing Taylor the whole day.  
Areee no voe a ir.. 
areej's taking pixx and enjoying herself and she's going in an hour 
Aren't DQ Blizzards supposed to withstand being turned upsidesown? It seems like I've gotten a milkshake instead of a blizzard. 
Areo when do u leave? 
ARG - Just went to the worst HermÃ¨s private sale... Didn't find anything... v disapointing 
arg can this day get any worse.. ? YES. because penguins are losing 
arg hand cramp 
arg hugeass spider!!!!! and i'm home alone 
arg i hate fone watchinggggg 
Arg im So Cold  Desperate Housewives 2nite!
arg morning not good  x
ARG shisha timez 
Arg! I just did the wrong practice essay. 
Arg! I just took a shower and have no clean clothes! 
Arg! I missed bowling cause I can't text!!!! 
ARG! My WP image uploader problem is back... and I don't know why! 
arg, etsy listing freezing when I'm just about done 
Arg, getting a headache   Rollerblade??  Or go to bed??
Arg, I knew it, no iPhone update yet! 
Arg, I want an iPhone! Twitter is so hard on this Sony Ericsson for me. 
arg, it's getting late now over here - 2 am  - and I got work to do tomorrow... Though, wouldn't be the first time I didn't get slept -_-
arg, might go home early today... not feeling so hot 
Arg.  Can't sleep at all.    Maybe I should exercise earlier.
Arg. I fell asleep. Now I really have to get some work done. But I don't want to!! 
Arg. Storms are going to ruin my awesome 6 mile bike ride. 
Arg.. headache! 
arg... i want to stay and bed and read today... but that's not going to happen 
Arg... one of my ears has pressure and I can't pop it 
Argg darn weather last night at grad. I caught a cold  Great start of the summer lol.
argg i need to talk to jess  havent spoken to her in ages.
Argg my mum doesn't want to go shopping today  But she promise me that we'll go next week 
Arggg EA has failed me yet again.  Never mind secure rom...one of the few games I'm drooling over is not avail for a platform I have  GRRR
chaddddddddddd my phones dead  but i just realized i can talk to youon twitter on the computer! i smiled hella when i realized that haha
Chad's birthday ppl are missing 
Chain accident  I wasn't even drivng fast  my new cityyy! 
Chain reaction, so lame!! I'm gonna kill myself and this music is perfect for that. Talk about slitting your wrists 
Chair lifts closed  going horseback riding now &lt;jess&gt;
chakit ng paa kow...  http://plurk.com/p/xvcsi
Chalk art festival got rained out 
champions league is still on the 28th. boo. no reason to stay up till five am this week. 
Championship fixtures out! Newcastle away to West Brom opening day. Still cant believe im saying Championship and not Premiership 
Champs in the sun,alwys fun! 1/2 the fam on a flight 2Milan, wana go bt can't  Drivin Benzino 4a wk tho ;-D Gonna hed out,go c wats gud x
Chan qua ! Chi muon ngu ma chang ngu duoc. Cuoc song nhat nheo qua ! Dang lac loi, mat het niem tin 
chance just got a bath! boys are at the gym. mom and bree are having end-of-weekend blues 
chanel is so much more freaking omg funny then me but cant admit it 
chang is spilling his  guts about his beau.touching.i wanna cry 
change - taylor swift . this is song reminds me so much of 8th grade 
Change In plans, have to go to drivein sat nite. Oldest has softball @ 9am. At least my ex told me b4 I drove an hour unlike last time. 
change is always hard, but i didn't expect it to be this...impossible. 
Change me plans were not gonna see up 
Change my theme back to old one, I need reference 
change my username to sky_ric due to some reason 
change of plans  hubby not moving until August.
Change of plans for the day, the little one's caught her brothers stomach bug.     
Change of plans not going 2 Cali staying home ALL weekend 
Change of plans we aere still here  at the normanby hotel http://bit.ly/16vXH4
Change of plans! G started puking on the way to church. Turned around and came home. No Luau today. 
Change of plans! Show for the 8/6 going ahead again, but the next one after that is cancelled instead 
Change of plans, Friend treating me to Sushi Para II, probably no Smoking Popes 
change of plans, too cold for a dress  pants suck!
Change of plans. I am staying in Brandon.  No Papaya Salad for me.
change of plans. won't be seeing Up today. 
change of plans...and now i have to wait longer to get George in trouble! darn it 
change of plans...NOT going tonight 
Change of plans...not gona swim 
Change of plans: going to Sarah's so we can drown our sorrows together w/ pizza &amp; cookie dough ice cream. 
change of plans: missing the kansas concert and not going out for gramma's b-day... my mom's not feeling great, went to the med center 
Changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be~~N I don't think it wealthed that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~;(
Changed my mind! drinking that Cappuccino made my stomach hurt 
Changed my mind...finna go to sleep...tired as hell. I start my p90x tomorrow  not ready to commit suicide though. Goodnight twitter!
Changed my picture and now its not working 
changed my wallpaper to zac, wtcc, and others. Yup, i've been sucked into the holee of tweens.. its too late.. i cant back out now  ahaha
Changed out my headlights, now there is another bulb blown. I think my VW rabbit hates me 
changed pic to normal &amp; from WG. the green overlay was really bothering me. Sorry Iran! I still support you but I'm too shallow. 
Changed the background for my Yellow Bird Bag photo - http://tinyurl.com/qh6ajm I'm not good at fancy backgrounds, lol. 
Changed the hoover bag earlier and have been sniffing and sneezing ever since! 
Changed the oil in my bike today. Shifting like butta! Long exhausting day and I just realized @abeautifuletdwn called me an hour ago 
Changeling- Such a powerful film, makes me wanna cry but think i used them all up on thursday  x
changes are so sad 
changin my alternator.....jus dropped 4 bucks!! ughhh!!! not sittin well with me...i need a new daddy! 
Changing blogskin/livejournal skin! O: 2nd time round using twitter and i forgot how to 
changing posts at work next week, very sad 
Changing the background image should not require an Act-of-God, and a note from my Mommy. #Vexed! 
Changing the name to leslie for the LA trip. I'm so sad. 
changing to my stupid uniform 
changos el link no me sirve mta 
channel surfing....i don't think there's anything on tv tonight...  boo
channing  ;D soooooo hot!..epp rpatzz, i &lt;3 LC!! KC is takin ova 
Chapter 133 is uploading..it's taking forever.. 
chapter 14 is the worst chapter in this textbook of garbage.  i can't believe i'm giving up on the LAST chapter of the book, lol.
chapter 17 but not going to read gotta study for my geographie test tomorrow! lost my notes smeone help... 
chapter 27 - upper respiratory problems 
Chapter 6 of Omen is making me very sad.  I would very much like to punch Karen Traviss in the nose.
charees leaving now 
Charger for my laptop has broke....gutted 
Charging ipod and is ready to go out for and hour or so  I don't wanna leave.. neveeeerrr, okays gottah go. x
Charity fund raising video for world hunger.  http://bit.ly/gee4m  
Charity Tai Chi demo cancelled due to horrific weather 
Charles hates kissing meeee 
Charlie Brooker! A whole series of Screenwipe! BBC4! So tired though 
Charlie horse? !  and finally Home.
Charlie lost an angel today   Very sad   http://twurl.nl/k5bw5m
Charlie sucks at twitter 
Charlie won't go to bed  really playing up 
Charlie, spike, and nahla are impossible to take care of 
Charlie's Angels is a trio no more   http://is.gd/1dgrG
Charlotte just went home  but she's MAYBE going with me to the match tomorrow! 
charmed was such a great show y did hav to end 
Chat chat chat dem a chat too much - taxi drivers 
chat with a girl who claims she comes from Ehgland! (In the end,I know she is a chinese! F*CK )That's RIDICULOUS! I'm really a FOOL!!! 
Chatted with a friend who wont be here when dad would give my farewell party...awwww...I wish I could grab him back   I'll miss you all.
chatten.. so boring sometimes 
chatting with a frnd i guess i do only that 
Chatting with Dawn and Matt Brigdon. Ethics in 5 mins... Dreading it 
Chatting with Emma on Facebook xD Facebook is gay, but she can't get a myspace 
chatting with friends,listen to music.Morgen school begins  But iï¿½m a bit happy cause i see all my friends again 
Chatting with my mate Yasin, on facebook. She just got out of the hospital. So sad.. 
Chatting with my old boss. Sounds like he may be losing his job.  Send him (&amp; his family) some good thoughts/prayers/wishes.
argggggggggggg                    
arggggh my ghost whisperer episode keeps jumping 
arggghhhh I miss someone 
arggh just walked through a web 
arggh work tomorrow 12-8 ...... 
arggh! headache strikes again!!  im taking a nap..
ARGGH. folding my clothes. 
argghh , shit , i have homework 
argghh! i hate this, its been forever ! i miss you soo much 
Argghhh...got play taxi. I'll miss 2 
Argghhhh make this cough go away 
Argh - another indian offshorer on skype 
ARGH - Doc thinks I blew air behind ear drum (left side) so appt tmw.  In lot of pain  Tackling laundry and dishes..   #fb
argh . . . I'm all itchy now, I want to go home and shower again!  
argh birds keep standing on my tv arial and making it go all dodgy 
ARGH can't find my mp4 
argh cant stop yawning 
argh capped, I am reduced to a drip feed for the next week 
Argh college interview tomorrow lol proper nervous  ^
argh cut myself while peeling apples for apple crumble 
Argh damn you sony vegas. *cries* it crashed 
ARGH DAN! WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BE SO HARD TO DRAW YA SPOON!!! 
Argh dead leg is dead! 
argh ebay count down - I need this dress for my bridesmaid! stop out bidding me 
ARGH every time I wash a certain pair of my jeans, they become so tight I can't get them off  HELP!
argh fast food is so hard 
ARGH fed up of biology revision already and i havnt even started 
ARGH finally figured out whats killing 'Inquizitor' games on Jailbroken devices. About 30 1 star reviews too late though!  Fix on the way
ARGH FUCK I KNEW IT. Oh shit I fucking knew it. She's a fucking betch, why don't you just believe me 
argh grrr why do ppl text me when i dnt have credit  sigh
argh how do i link this yoke to my bebo account! 
argh i dont feel well 
argh i hate next doors dog :@ i wanna open my doors and let my cat go out for abit, but they'll end up fighting again if i do 
Argh I have no vehicle and neither does my other half, haven't seen him since Friday. Kind of frustrating 
Argh I suck at bowling. Somebody come bowl for me 
argh i think im getting a cold, i havent stoped sneezing all day! 
ARGH i want to post in @marsarmy  when is the hour due?
Argh I'm absolutely stravin marvin   
argh im listening to evanescence, n it reminds me of the ocncert in 07, ah how i miss it dearly 
Argh I'm sick of everything now, just gonna give up now 
Argh it can take 9 days for your body to get over caffeine... 6 more days of hell to go then 
argh its cols, I have work in 40mins 
Argh it's far too hot  bratislava tomorrow! 8 hours on train bad times and nearly finished my book 
argh it's so sunny and I'm sat here making books. 
argh just one poster from kristen  and its not even a poster lol
argh my eyes sting again 
argh my fingers are numb  stupid weather
argh my throat hurts! 
Argh my trng just ended and it sucked big time today!  - http://tweet.sg
Argh noo nathan don't loan from da loan sharkk  he sucks majorly!!!! He'll bite you BACK!!
argh omg big case of 2008 nostalgia 
argh once i got him chat with me, suddenly he's offline hiks 
argh rain drops running down the back of my neck 
argh revision 
argh sick  third nite with out any sleep
Argh so bored! My Internet has been really bad recently!   Anyone think of what I could do today? xo
Argh so hard to concentrate when you have a super itchy and swollen mosquito bite 
Argh so much homework and so little time! And work in 2 hours... The weekend goes waaaaay to quickly 
ARGH the stupid people change the form without telling me and now It will have a delay I can only settle this dumb sch stuff next WED 
argh theres a spider in my room, but nobodys home to get rid of it!! :/ 
Argh this time of the morning should be banned 
argh tired! but couldn't sleep coz samson is sleeping on my bed, like pig.  Maybe I should hug him like how i did to my pillow! hoho!
Argh wanna go home but need to Wait for Rema to load the Part in to the system 
argh weird pedo ppl are following me 
argh why does it have to rain today....no photography i guess 
ARGH why does ustream not work whyyyy I want to watch MTV awards twilight thingie jigger  
Argh!  Can't submit to http://short.ie/f03s69 PHP Conf Brazil '09 CfP. Schedule conflict, I'll be in the US then.  #php #conference #cfp
ARGH!  FML.
argh!  no bzr-nightlies in the past weeks  
ARGH! All Time Low's stopping by in Malaysia! ajbsfnasfkjbfalifenlinc............ k i must start work now 
argh! annoyed that frigging itunes won't work 
ARGH! back to school 2moro! maths exam! :| what is the point, im gonna fail everything anyways!!!?  ...
argh! facebook is being annoying! or is it the internet connection? &amp; boo, love is cutting his hair. i'll miss that hair of his 
ARGH! i feel so sleepy! but, i wanna still waiting! huff! 
argh! i hate period cramps. 
Argh! I woke up with a sore throat! Not good, not good at all 
Argh! If you're going to be two hours late, letting me know would have been nice... 
Argh! I'm sleepy but I can't fall asleep! 
Argh! iPhone 3.0 is great but why won't voice memos sync with iTunes and what's with O2's extortionate tethering bolt on? 
Boarding flight back to Dublin... Boo! 
boarding plane for home. bye bye beach. 
Boarding plane for San Francisco in 1 hour; 6 hr flight. Blech.
boarding school...boring school-whatever...sittin' in da house &amp; watchin TV with them other guys...2morrow its time 2 say goodbye 
Boarding the plane now to go back to Hobart 
Boarding the plane to come back to the heat of arizona. Im not ready to say goodbye to cali... Or my best friend 
Boarding. Bye bye Britain   http://bit.ly/q23lz
Boardwalk with thee girls!!! The weather is kinda cold though 
Boat broken  luckily surrounded by fit men in leathers! 
Boat party coming to an end 
Bob didn't record the fight 
Bob the kittie has ringworm. 
Bobby Flay gave me a mean look. 
bobby flay throwdown is my fav. shrimp and grits throwdown underway. YUM now im hungry 
bobby left this morning!  i wont see him again till february! 
BoBy is boring .. no one play with me  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6391349
Bodies recovered from the June 1 Air France flight  http://bit.ly/17fD61
Body aches all over.  i'm growing fatter. Been eating alot lately - http://tweet.sg
body is tired and has a massive headache 
Body is worn out, going to be late to school 
body shutting down 
Chatting with Syd and Hayl. Miss ya guys! 
Chatting with the cast of BoysTown. Too bad AJ Perez wasn't there. 
Chaunce Braun is yet still rocking out!! but still in need of a band to take over the rock &amp; roll world  .. but everytging is cool = D
Chauncey is giving his last sac speech... 
Chay con Ram roi.  May chay cham qua'.
chaya left for the weekend  now im lonely.
che just ran her paw down my side in her tailwagging frenzy and one of them nails left a deep bleeding gash. 
cheated on.. hmm.. feels.. awesome.. everyone's sleeping. blah. 
Cheaters suck. 
Cheating is the most annoying and disturbing thought. It scares me alot i don't want anybody to cheat on me 
check forum out now what you think of theme ? http://ja6636.com/forum/   I need a banner for it tho 
Check me out on myspace more coming soon....   myspace.com/missshada90 PS I need some more followers 
check my vital signs you'll see im still alive but i walk alone 
Argh! I've been locked out of the house again 
Argh! just found an error in one of my sites that costs me about Â£250, wouldn't let people checkout or contact me, thought it was quiet 
Argh! Litlle sister trying to chuck me off computer! Friends Cant be bothered with Twitter.      wa!
Argh! Missed out on an Xbox 360 for dirt cheap on Woot today. 
argh! my embouchure= FAIL! makes me sad 
ARGH! My internets are being squeezed... Not cool when shaping makes you talk in kbps again. 
argh! my phone is frozen 
Argh! No ice cream anymore. My mum's picking me up 
Argh! Pilates tomorrow! NOOOOO!  ,  Dont . . . Feel . . . . like. . . .excer-cising! Ugh! *sigh* 2 hours! just 2 hours!
ARGH! Pizza place gave me wrong salad! It has chicken on it! 
Argh! Raining 
ARGH! The ipod is verified dead.  hard drive is toast. This thing lasted me 4 good years though. time 4 a new one
Argh! The lowest weight I have EVER been...some would be happy but I'm very upset! 
Argh! Three lectures to watch this week  I better get started soon...
Argh! Tried to change my pic and it wouldn't accept my new one.  So, I tried to switch back, still a problem.  Now, pictureless 
Argh! TweetDeck crashed 5 times within 10 mins already. Tweets don't automatically mark as READ when viewed? 
argh! want to go to dim sum with hoppmom... silly work tomorrow... 
argh! why is the bathroom always closed when I'm late from my break and gotta pee?!!!! 
argh! why why why 
argh!! holidays are ending soon 
ARGH!! ITS ONLY 7:30  I'm dying to explain my heart to you right now, theres so much on my mind it's tearing me apart, i'm falling for you
ARGH!! watching batman 
argh!! why did JM lose his twitter? i miss him  argh!! *again*
Argh!!!   Son's laptop won't boot. So glad I have a Mac. Computer repair is NOT what I had planned for today 
ARGH!!! iggy pop swift cover add on #spotify way to kill the mood 
ARGH!!!! just got bumped out of poker 
argh!!!! sooo annoyed my laptop crashed just as my hair product video was about to stop uploading...gotta start again now 
Argh!!!!!!! Got some quality college time now lol.... 
argh!!!!!!!!!!! i'm super sad. im supposed to be at the Prom Show right now  i had tickets and everythaaaaaaang =(((((
argh, accidentally slept with my contact lenses in last night  oww
Argh, credit control is horrible  not having un with it at all.
argh, finally dropped off Mall Cop at video store! I know, video stores are ancient news but now I owe 6 day late fees. 
argh, guess gotta sleep now (just kill me).  Bleh. Goodnighty.
Argh, had my first mac-accident  Left it on there too long, it got so hot that I dropped it  http://twitpic.com/50u2y
Argh, I am going to the dentist tomorrow  not fair, nothing is wrong with my teeth (I don't hope there is)
Argh, I hate honours Irish, and exams and blaaaaaah. I want to read 
Argh, I have a headache, I'm coughing, sneezing, blowing my nose, &amp; feel like rubbish. Off to Drs tomorrow to check it's not swineflu 
bogey related embarrassment 
bogor . not really cold . bored . alone . need friends . hungry 
bogusss.! 
Boh there is storm.. It was so sunny  weird weather really weird..
bohol doesnt feel anything like the jungle 
Boiling hot day yesterday. Supposed to rain today. I wanted to wear my shorts. British weather sucks 
boiling in jaunpur heat at 46 degrees 
Boiling in the office 
Bold's screen wasn't as tough as I had expected. Quite a bit of scratches here and there now. 
bollocks!!!!!! my housemate is leaving - again - need new housemate by mid July - sniff 
bollocks, typically I've talked too much and now have to run across the city to catch my train, the one time I do booked train only... 
Bollocks. Called to gate and what happens? No screen here, either  #coyb
Bollywood Complete, last production at Ravensbourne  it's been good
Bolt has expired  
Bolting back to dc  best weekend ever! @christymiller, @ashl3yftw, @neekaleak , @grantheppes, @viking, @thegrenade and the other non t ...
Check out Fritz' Pure &amp; Shameless tonight at Blue Martini!  Too bad I'm in Miami   Have fun everyone!
Check out my new twitter photo. This is Candace and a full page running in   King Magazines last issue, go out and buy it!!!!
check out my protein folds background, it's awesome! Just have to learn these structures now 
Check stef's facebook she is bragging about and the others....so pissed off..makes me not wanna go back because of all this crap 
Check this horrendous slam!  http://video.mpora.com/watch/7ZIsAlkyn/
Check this out: http://slide.com/t/4/6/VQfJmn2SsGY6 Pls read this note... written by a victim of Child Abuse 
Check this video out -- Bill Cosby's Nerds NERDY  HEHEHEH h http://bit.ly/2fAzo
Check this video out -- Eskimo Joe : London Bombs : Music Video http://bit.ly/cHb6f  
Check this video out -- MY AUDITION FOR &quot;THEVOSHIFIVE&quot; http://bit.ly/8G5Dn   all good until the end there 
Check this video out -- Pen Spinning Basics http://bit.ly/B66CV  impossible...still trying though only basic 
Check this video out -- Where is &quot;here&quot; (Inja Kojast?) http://bit.ly/o1mtx  It's heartbreaking 
Checked calendar. TONIGHT is suppose to be a full moon. 6/7/09. I think its cloudy though.  Out come the vampires.
checked google analytics, my blog is back to a few dozen readers a day  how the mighty ones have fallen!
checked in at Sheraton HCMC couple hours ago with different feeling as last time  looking forward for Friday already....
Checked in at the airport. No honeymoon upgrade  We're not even sitting together yet!
Checked my clock and saw he may still be on. Logged on and found he left 30 mins earlier.     I love him, and hope he's okay.
Checked out Adium's new IRC support. Unfortunately it doesn't seem to work. 
Checked Tara's house for Pick Axe wielding minors....all clear. Headed for bed. Jambar all day, then Chelsea's going away all night 
Checked the mail today, no Teaching Hope book.    Oh where oh where is my Teaching Hope book, Oh where of where can it be.....
Checked the PSN Store for new stuff, mainly Fat Princess but it hasn't come out yet 
checked the weather channel and its suppose to be 27C tomorrow -cries and melts-...where is the rain? 
checkin' my accounts.. no updates 
Checkin on my baby b4 heading off 2 bed....1 of my lil ones has a cold &amp; a slight fever 
checking email then time to get productive... mail bills, dance store to try on a pair of tap shoes. kong- k360s just aren't the same. 
Checking in at lunchtime (pita and humus --yum!). Sad news RE Farrah. Cancer gets someone else at an all-too-young age,62. My mom was 65. 
Checking my answers of test cases and slowly coming to conclusion: why the hell should I even take the exam 
Checking my mail and Atlantis updates. Now poor Spirit has it's wheel stuck in soft sand 
checking my mails - almost 44 of them since I went offline a week ago 
Checking my MySpace for the first time since like February... 
checking on updates of the MTV movie awards. wasn't able to watch  we don't have MTV at home
Checking out 
Checking out #Canneslions . Not going this year 
Checking out about this Cat on Twitter I keep hearing about.... Look Out Ashton, this Cat might just Beat You 
Checking out CSS3 http://www.css3.info/ so much cool stuff I wont be able to use for many years 
checking out gamestop down the road also... might get a job who knows ..now i just need a bunch of rides to it 
Checking out http://bit.ly/kFxHs   Why did she spill the milk like that 
Checking out if i can tweet from my bro's cel ...it doesnt work from mine 
Checking out Joey's girlfriend. As his &quot;younger sister&quot; I think I'm entitled to. I really hope this one lasts. He's been so down lately 
Checking out of hotel. I'm really gonna miss this keyboard 
Checking out of the hotel now.. The hives are back again and it's so ugly. Swollen almost everywhere   
Checking the chlorine levels in our pool - How sad 
Checking the public timeline, plenty of people are downloading OS 3.0... How? Still isn't available for me. 
checking the weather forecastfor this week. NOTlooking so good. its either very hot or heavy downpour. 
checking to see if rebecca has messaged me back... nope  im about to get on a plane to ireland just to kick her butt
Checkout line has more magazine covers with Brad Pitt/Jen Anniston hookup than the Iran Election fiasco 
Check-raised all-in with trips on the flop vs an overpair. And he hits a runner runner for a single-card flush  lucky he only had 1.2k
Cheddar biscuits were so lame this time...they usually are the highlight 
Cheeeesed off that I've had to delay my driving test  flipping school trips every wednesday
Cheer me up.. 
cheer then back to do homework. lame. 
Cheer try outs 
Cheerleading Condition! 
cheers for all the bday wishes yesterday..now its just down to the grind of being older 
Cheers Helen  drama last night here  all is well now though x
Cheers to all at #webdd (esp. @plip, @davesussman, @apwestgarth &amp; @blowdart). Had a great day, just sorry I couldn't make beers after 
cheesecake? chocomousse? oreocake? chocolate ice cream? I got none of that 
Bom dia, twitt population! Have a nice gray day! 
bomb at 9:20 in the basque country, one victim,  bomb attached to the car of a police inspector... 
Bombed my Science final. And I even studied for it. 
Bomber Babes started the game really strongly but are down 40 points now  seems like Nos is kinda off her game.
Bondi traffic sucks 
Bonding with the couch... and sad to miss the final day of nuggets at Paul 
Bone Cancer 
bone spur is killing me  anyone have suggestions on how to ease the pain?
Bonefish Grille was delicious, but it took over 2 hours to get to the actual meal  biiiig let down! Work in the morning... Yay?
Bones coming up on the box. So much to discover yet. 
Bones is making me cry 
Bones just stealth attacked me for a banana and peanutbutter cupcake! @jaspertandy was right 
Bones still aching from Friday's gardening  Lovely weather though
bones was quite adrenaline-y. Haven't made much progress on samurai sudoku 
Bonfire at Ju's, no smores 
bonfires cancelled!!  but still goin to gabby's tomarroww!!
BONJOUR! well the last minuet trip i to Paris didnt happen   Oh well. Today should be good....unless mya tries to sell me boob jobs :p
Bonjour, j'mappelle Amy...erm oh fuck! What's the rest? I hate French oral exams 
Bonnie wants to go shopping. 
Bonus to having to go in to work late tomorrow:  I can watch some of the men's RG final!  I don't think Fed is gonna win this one easily 
boo  everyone's away for my b'day this yr.
Boo - I finally have a Sunday free and head to Hyde Park to try some #inlineslalom but no ones here 
boo  rabbits pisses on people you know that 
Boo 5am wake up 
boo antibiotics while in paris 
Boo at lack of #spotify 
Boo back to work. No more play to do. 
boo boo cha cha! i miss james. he moved to canada. 
BOO CHELSEA! 
Boo cowtown 
boo for all the season finales.. 
boo for Blackberry having extra characters for texts. 
Boo for nasty people 
boo for still being at work 
boo for this start of summer. i need to get out and have fun! where is tawney? 
boo for working Friday night and Saturday morning. 
boo gf can't go now  I passed my guard training lol
Boo gta iv dosn't work on my computer 
Boo has kennel cough  Went to the Dr last night, got antibiotics, but she was up all night coughing... And still is. Poor baby.
Boo hiss, no internet still. TalkTalk suck balls. Wish I was at #qypeparty 
Boo hoo hoo  Got to go to minor injuries hospital to look at my finger. Its still bleeding heavily. I DONT like hospitals *sulks*
Chega de Khan Wars 
Cheguei tarde no twitter hoje 
CHEISTIANO ROLNALDO WHERE ARE U? 
CHELSEA AGUIRREEEE!  I wish we had the same flight, crap.
chelsea FA cup winners  how did they do in the league cup? lol
Chelsea go 2-1 up.... Boo  Game over I think
Chelsea go ahead through Lampard. 
chelsea have won  they seem to strong 
Chelsea lately doesnt like finding nemo 
chem exam. having a bad day. blah. newcastle shopping after exam. I need to buy new sunglasses because i lost mine 
Chem tutor  ughHh what a bummer. 5 MORE DAYS
Chemistry and Biology Revision 
chemistry and english revision 
Chemistry exam tomorrow. 
Chemistry in biology is not fun. Not looking forward to next year 
chemistry is &amp; always will be the bane of my existenceeeee 
Chemistry quiz... 
chemistry revision is absolute balls 
chemistry revision sucks 
chemistry revison well bored!! i hate it that most other people have finished their exams 
chemistry science gcse tomorrow i hope i do well !! ah i no i wont tho 
Chemistry tomorrow  bad times, dammit football manager - you screwed me over
Chemistry. Yawn. 
Chemistry? 
Cheney on gay marriage: 'Freedom for everyone' http://usat.me/?35222214 Why a state issue? Why can't it be a national issue?  not right
cherching a girl i'm alone now my girlfirend is returned to live with her parents 
cherry + criminal justice system = unhappy night before exam  !
Boo hoo hoo  i am sad
boo hoo tha Lakers won 
Boo hoo, Nadal has pulled out of Wimbledon!.. It just won't be the same not being able watch him pull his pants out of his arse 
Boo hoo, rain wind and poor visibilty this morning (and that's just in the shower!) it's even worse outside 
boo hoo. i have colds 
boo i am a fail at fur elise.  going to drown myself in self pity. wow that sounds horrific. JK. gonna watch an old movie instead lol.
Boo i have to work friday morning 
boo i miss you sry i didnt see u before u left guess i oh u 10 dollars 
Boo internet is dead 
Boo it's gonna rain all week. Can't wash my clothes. 
Boo jury duty. I'm the last group of the groups called in this morning. I'll be here forever 
Boo on China blocking blog sites and youtube - no more updates until Thursday in Hong Kong   And go Lakers!
boo on my headache 
boo prob no shopping tonight 
boo rain  I wanted to go to the airshow.
Boo schmoo, last day of work and everyone is so busy we can't have a nice lunch together  Pret at the desk then ey?
Boo school  i wanna go shopping instead lol
Boo tan lines. 
Boo the hair salon was already fixed...no carnage from the car 
Boo the one time @fareastmovement is havin a show in bakersfield,18 is considered a minor. 
Boo the waves look kinda shitty today 
Boo to Blizzcon being sold out!! 
boo to dark and cloudy days. 
Boo to dead Doris 
Boo to huskies day off from work  But they r probably relaxing on the deck, a cool breeze blowing through their fur...OR digging a trench!
boo to my mac being on a go slow 
boo tummy ache right before work 
boo u all sleep whores ::continues work:: 
Boo!  I have no milk so I'm eating my cereal dry.  
Boo!  My iPhone mileage app isn't 3.0 compatible.  
boo!  oxford collapse are breaking up  http://tinyurl.com/m7l7an
Boo! About to get sucked in  in Nashville-Davidson (balance), TN http://loopt.us/Ztem6Q.t
BOO! Etnies skate park closed. Rain &amp; wet ramps. No rain when we left Tustin. No #BMX sesh today. 
Boo! Hulu Desktop doesn't work with Afloat. I want the window to stay on top all the time. 
Boo! I can't get my twitter to work right on my phone 
Boo! i have to get girled up tonight  where are my kitty heels?
Boo! My leaving date's been pushed back to the 31st of July 
boo! No phat fiber box today! 
Boo! No Rafa in Wimbledon...sadness! 
boo! no theatre for us today.  I'm so fucking pissed off about it too, I don't know why, it's not really anyone's fault. meh.
BOO! Randi Zuckerburg didn't make it today  Stuck in NYC due to weather. #ideaCity Free4all slotted in instead...and I'm done.
Boo! Tomorrow is my last full day in Florida  Back to Connecticut where I won't see women in bikinis everyday.
argh, i have a wedding to go to tonight... and I don't want to go 
Argh, I honestly think they would have ran out of 16GB White iPhones by now 
Argh, I'm bruising where they drew blood!  I'm going to look like the heroin addict bridesmaid this weekend 
Argh, I'm sooo sleep :'( Still havn't started my English assignment due 1st session Thursday 
Argh, I've got a headache from last nights wine 
Argh, my Gwibber was configured to post on Twitter instead of identi.ca 
Argh, now I've had a nosebleed, onto my bloody lunch, no pun intended. What's wrong with me today, off to make another sanwich now 
Argh, Saturday morning and working  Project go live Monday morning, never a fun time
Argh, the second difference between Analogue and Digital TV is annoying. Neighbour is deaf, and therefore I here the results before I see 
argh, there goes my plans for Friday... 
Argh, this work is too stressful! Why why whyyyy did i pick Psychology! 
argh, today it's so cold!!! god i'm freezing in my bed 
Argh, why am I so acne-ridden 
argh, will my voice ever recover? 
Argh, work computer still broken. Wish I had taken my laptop in today 
Argh. bugs bugs bugs.  Task system, newbies dying in the tutorial zone and rezzing outside of it. UGH!
Argh. Designing/&amp; Documentation is Killing Me. Why did i want to become an Interior Designer? Please Someone tell me WHYY! 
argh. giro is on delayed telecast today. 
Argh. Have to learn for my biology-test on Tuesday, but that's sooo boring. 
Argh. Hurting 
ARGH. I can't find my phone. I've called it a thousand times, and just realized it's on silent. Great.  Searching high and low tomorrow 
Argh. I was about to buy tickets to Emilie Simon's gig at Cafï¿½ du Nord then I realized that I will be in Hyde Park to see Blur that day 
Argh. I'm so bored. And hungry. And thirsty. 
Argh. Just realised I need to leave in 2 hours.  I am so not fully prepared for this exam 
Argh. My stupid alarm clock doesn't work right and I keep waking up late 
Argh. Third time I've lost an entire forum post on meetup.com via combination of ajax + a failure to set a stupid session cookie  #fail
argh. thunder. rain. was calling for cloudiness earlier this week so I hope it stops otherwise i might need to pick another date 
Argh... I'm having another one of those days where nothing works or goes according to plan 
Argh... looks like StartLogic are having issues 
argh... stitch up! Busy day 
ARGH.... kids are all whinging for Food... I dont want to cook just yet....  well i'd better get them fed.. so i can work again soon!!
argh....tired....now to start dinner 
argh...sinusitis! 
argh...sooo many assignments    
Cherry Dr pepper rocks! Too bad they never have it at the gas station. Guess I'll drink a regular dp 
cherry picking plans canceled 
cherry savex and butterfinger chocolate bars, i need to find these items 
Cheryl loved my banners but camera fcked up so not got it on film  anyone got vids of waiting &amp; the start of rolling back the rivers??
Chess or checkers...idk what it means but hadn't dreamnt her in a long time...it really sux not being with her anymore 
Chest congestion...     Red Wings up 2-0! XD
Chest hurts so bad it kept waking me up. Stupid acid reflux. Never felt like this before. Awesome start to a week 
Chest pain. Ouch 
chewed my iPod cable up in the Dyson  Chipped a nail 
chewing gum being bored together and ian ruined the texas surprise 
chewing is so inconvienient 
Chia's last day at wrk today  bt on an0ther n0te im g0ing to do gifs of SJ's perf when im hm.
Chicago trip cancelled due to crummy weather and crummy sleep.  
CHICAGO!!!!!!!!!! too bad I missed the game  lmao!!
Chicago, the new Seattle   â™« http://blip.fm/~8cnn3
chick chick chick chick chicken lay a little egg for me. Why don't i have a farm ? 
chick fil a for dinner. Hopefully I feel better. My head and eyes are killing me 
chicken + curry powder + dbl cream does not get you korma. it gets you spicy chicken custard.  #shortcutfail
Chicken fried rice for lunch never again 
argh...why are you doing this to me? i didnt deserve it....maybe i did. i dont know  just stop it 
Argh...Your booty shivers me timbers argh...pity Pirate Bay lost 
argh..the RAM from PowerPC G5 doesn't work in a new Mac Pro????? tis is sad. 
arghh cannot sleep this is doing my HEAD IN I want to go home 
ARGHH I havent done any work and its the end of the goddam holidays 
Arghh I'm tired but I want to go shopping tomoroo.  Maths Revision (N)
arghh just realised i can't take my laptop manchester! I am going to be as bored as ever! Stupid laptop breakage 
arghh laptops being so slow 
arghh masterchef makes me so hungry  oh hello appetite. nice to see u again
Arghh not eaten since yesterday because of this endoscopy so much for not being that sore..  never underestimate the feeling of normality
Arghh sunny day and I'm closed in the university labs 
ARGHH tech gcse tomorrow!! im starting to panic now  i probably shouldnt have left revision to now
arghh the computer crashed and now i lost all my bookmarks and music 
arghh the only reason I didnt go is cause Paramore was opening and it was at the ACC. I wouldve gone if it was the Amphitheater. 
Arghh! - Look at the rain 
Arghh! My hands are itchy!! Could it be that on top of my 'alergy' to beef, I also cannot eat chicken no more?? 
arghh, I am total rage-faced now. My mother was like &quot;what's wrong with your face?!&quot;    
Arghh, just found out @ianknaan is going to be here at Rock the Bells and I can't go 
arghh. i'm soososos not in the mood to do assignments. i can't do sor 
arghh. it's raining again 
Arghh. Lots of rain. So NOT fun times!! 
Arghh. Sunburn is not good 
Arghh...hate merge conflicts! 
Arghhh Â¬.Â¬ It appears that I can't juggle as many aspects of my life as I need to ! 
arghhh and so the TGP tweets begin 
arghhh can't sleep I swear I have a problem 
Arghhh damn H1N1!! I'm out of the AYG job!!! ARGH 
Arghhh Flickr Uploadr isn't behaving...will no doubt end up with loads missing and a bunch of duplicates in the wrong place 
arghhh i hate not having a car. 1 month: it's going to kill me.. 1 day into uni holidays and i'm already bored out of my brain 
arghhh im tired  i dont wanna do my assignment. im in such a bad mood
Arghhh So annoyed-yet again gone 2 starbucks &amp; given skimmed milk instead of soy milk!! I can't have milk so hav 2 throw away! Expensive 
arghhh that crap. 99p thing has ended 
Arghhh! Sims 3 on the iPhone crashes every 15 minutes! Hope they patch it soon. 
ARGHHH. Having a major &quot;I really wish we were back in Seattle&quot; moment 
arghhhh - i really disike my little brother, what a twat 
arghhhh back to work 2morrow! 
Arghhhh i want to sleep so bad.  is it a full moon or something? Cause everyone's been really weird and it's starting to get unbearable :#
Chicken noodle soup and orange juice... my 2 least favorite things have now become my favorites! Still crazy sick  ugh
Chief was suppose to be in the Little League parade 2mrow @ the Brewers/Twins game. Miller Stadium is flooded.  Hope it's still on.
Chien-Ming Wang is getting shelled again.  I think I should stop watching the Yankees.  
Child awake, no more fun on the computer 
child inserted credit card into macbook dvd slot.  card extracted successfully and gingerly with tweezers
Childishly made a daisy chain in the park. A throwback to happier, more carefree times   http://twitpic.com/6f3ya
Children are gone for 30 days...I am sad  Its too quiet here...
CHILDREN ARE THE WORST. lord, beer me strength 
Children screaming at top of lungs on the bus = not ok for my still wretched condition. 
childrens homework done, my homework done  weather wet 
Child's final wish before she died of cancer was to see the movie &quot;Up&quot; soooooo sad!! 
chili needed more kapow. it's ok but not great. 
chilin with my sister and my niece..gotta work in the a.m. 
chillando in MD.. important meeting tomorrow.. tryna see where i can get my grad school on at.. ewww growing up!! 
Chillaxin all Bye myself  But Its alright Lol
Chill'axin at home.....bk to the fun factory sunday night!!  xx
Boo! Too windy to sail 
Boo! Xbox LIVE maintenance means no NetFlix Instant Queue on the big screen tonight. 
Boo, AT&amp;T finally charged me for my phone, thought I was gonna get lucky... But no.... 
boo, back in norwich. 
Boo, hubby is out of town til tomm night on a business trip  miss him already
Boo, I can't watch instantly from Netflix because I'm not the main account holder. It was going to be my white-collar crime of the week. 
boo, I couldn't make it back home in time for father's day 
Boo, I don't get the Marlins station in my room. I already moved everything in here. No more Yankees for me tonight. 
boo, i have a tummy ache 
Boo, I'm ill. Have to stay at home so I thought I would do some coursework but remote access isn't working. It's just not my day 
Boo, my mom didn't have time to buy white coffee from Singapore. 
Boo, the GIlt Tokidoki sale is a disappointment. Only 4 bags and none are really that great 
Boo, the Golden Gun is sick &amp; not coming out to play tonight  oh well, c'est la vie!
boo, was suppose to see fly my pretties tonight 
Boo, Xbox Live is still acting all wonky. I wanted to get my Sam and Max on before work. 
boo.  still in jail. 
Boo. Didn't get to go up in the hot air balloon  . Oh well.  At least I got to eat ice cream.
Boo. Has to go to work at twelve tomorrow. And doesnt get off til seven. 
Boo. I guess no swimming today. 
Boo. I wanted to go to a weddingggg 
boo. it's 4:30 in the morning and I can't sleep bc I had a giant red bull @ work to keep me awake f/ the floorset which ended early neway 
boo. just got this alert on #LACasting: &quot;This project was listed incorrectly as #SAG &amp; will be shot non-union.&quot;  lame!
boo. probably won't get in to see small towns tonight. disappointing 
Boo. Think I just pulled a muscle in my neck? 
Boo. Twilight. 
Boo. USA was dominated by Italy in the second half 
Boo. Vermont Brewers Festival is the same weekend as Otakon 
Boo. Watched 40mins of Wall-E and switched it off. It's no Toy Story. It's not even an Incredibles. Disappointed 
boo.. I got jury duty tomorrow 
Boo... Such a short time and already heading home... 
Boo...my tummy hurts again 
Boo...to many things to do for tomorrow. Can't be spoiled by him today 
Boo-Boo on thumb   http://twitpic.com/6aaw6
booface departed.....no bueno 
Boogers galore! My baby has his first ear infection 
Boognish wishes Clemmie would be nice to me  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/6831309
boohoo lost my shirt in Vegas 
BooHoo She only needed one candidate for the job 
BooHoo! Rs homework 
boohooing over sex and the city  oh well, laser quest laterrrrrr ! 
boohooooo.. i have a test 2moro..got to read biology. idk anything about birds  .. so.gotta.go.now. bye.  &lt;3
ARGHHHH LAST SEASON FINAL SEASON!  We have to wait for almost another year until we get all the answers we deserve 
arghhhh revising but nothing seems to be going into my head  god I hate it !!!! am so gonna fail :'(
Arghhhh we're the last to count or cash! Damnnnn it!!!! I wanna sleepppppp! 
Arghhhh! My web guy seems to being having internet issues so I'm trying to remove right menu in WP....seems to be screwing it up! 
ARGHHHH... tomorrow-final exams...sooo weird! I don't wanna do it  :S
ARGHHHH...have misplaced my latest draft of the comedy show Ive been writing!!!!!! Think I need a break 
arghhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!! plsssssssssss......., tsk! 
arghhhhhh , can`t put a profile picture here , so i`m sorry guy`s , don`t know what to do now  
Arghhhhhhhhh... i can't keep up with these TwitterBones peeps 
Arghhhhhhhhhh, grr. I want to go home  and want to cry  It's a very bad day 
arghhhhhhhhhhh........ really upset coz of all these assignments..... 
arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! so much work right now. its driving me insane! 
Arghï¿½ Fantasy Surfer Carnageï¿½ Dane, Marlon &amp; Nat C all out!  #fantasysurfer
Arghx. Less than 30 hours and im still finding motivation to study. 
argued with my girly about minor crappy things 
arguing next door and I just feel like crap...bae I already lost ur trust I don't want to loose anything elez 
arhhh this is crazy. wayy too much school work  only 3 semesters left... 
arhhhhhh &quot;she&quot; is back.. makes me think to Toyah but far from ... 
Ariadna mi hermana!! ya no me sigue en twitter  what a shame!
ariella was in town today but she left before i could say hello  maybe ill get to see her friday!
Aristoclea isn't letting me sleep in   http://yfrog.com/7dhm8j
aristotle's theory of tradedy + romeo and juliet = not fun 
Ariving at school i wonder what fun things i will do today 
Arizona is getting pounded by Alabama, this is painful to watch 
arm on my chair just broke 
Armageddon is on. Do I want to stay up till 5 to watch it &amp; bawl like a baby? Yes. &quot;Gracie I know I promised you I'd be comin' home..&quot; 
chillaxin in the bed; watching him get dress 
chilled day today - i WILL finish Breaking Dawn. didn't have time to read it yesterday 
chilled with corbs and the crew for a while. at shaira's. phone's dead 
chilled with Michelle, Andy, Steph, Caroline, Phillip and David.. So tired noww ahhhhhh. ++ school tomorow 
chillen at arc bout to go to my class and then see my dad at the hospital.. hes getting back surery 2day 
chillen at home ... sick  lol goin to my grandmas house for my daddioes b-day and mothers day
chillen at home. hw suck... 
Chillen at the house celebrating my moms bday. Everyones here. My throat is freaken killing me. I feel like crying frm the pain 
chillen at vatta's house w/ the ladies. I want some candy 
chillen aww man it started raning  ruined the whole sunny day
Chillen in the library, trying to figure out how i can sleep for about 12 hours and still be tired. 
Armenia and Hungary. #eurovision sweepstake #fail 
Armenia would have gotten my vote. I was disappointed with my Malta 
Aron is very tired today and a bit down now he knows the LOVE OF HIS LIFE is not very well !!!!  as i cant be near u 2day !!! to help xxx
Around 6pm I lost all 3G and internet options on my iPhone, kind of bummed. Guessing it will be the same all day tomorrow, so stoked 
around...takin it easy tonight b/c i'm still sick 
arqqqh Feelinq Down  Cuz i dnt Have Him   =x arqhh
arr nowhere wil let me upload my new vid?! after alll thatt, 
Arr!! my MSN isnt working. 
arranging meeting with mayor #alanya, by the way, i lied about the sunshine, its raining here 
arrg - i've been trying to upload my picture...darn thing won't let me 
arrg!  Mr. Will Oldham, WHYYYYYYY don't you ever come down to Florida?!?  none of my favorites ever come to my forgotten state. 
arrg! my toe hurts  why did that wall have to be in the way when i kicked the air haha
arrggg still wont stop thinking bout him hes all i want tbh and for some reason  cant seem to get him y do i alwys like the 1s i cant get 
Arrggghh!! Wanted to change my Twitter handle... but @tantanu is taken 
Arrggghhh...dang post office.  Did not get the package in yet, may have to wait until tomorrow 
ARRGGHH ! I GOT A HEADACHE ! 
Arrgghhh  connection is bad at best.  Dial up is faster!  Dude has been and said 'fixed, should be back up to speed in couple days . . . 
Arrgghhh Exams  1 Down 5 To Go Lol
Arrgghhh why can't I make a background things, or save a picture I need Twitter help 
arrgghhh! so stressed don't know what to do for the best 
arrgghhhggguuuiiissshhhh no idea what to do for this modern assignement....  Burma or Cuba???? eeeep help!
arrgghhhh! suddenly i feel so upset 
Arrgh baby sitting for the second time today  not feeling like me either so fxcking hormonal :/  xo
chillen with mindy before she leaves  (*&amp;^%$#@
CHILLEN WITH THE SIS AND KEMA N SHIT...JOJO IM SOO MAD AT U 
chillen. in pain. done 
Chillil...checkin out dads new itouch..it's sick.I want one 
Chillin - just ordered pizza and about to drink some wine. Great day with J. Don't wanna leave tomorrow 
Chillin @ jareds and corys apartment. Level 32 is so high 
chillin @ tha buzzin house i gotta go home  bout tah get n da cab  aww i wanted 2 do tha water fight
Chillin a little, eating some grapes and then... back to my books  I hate my biology teacher!
Chillin after 10/20 in my 30 day Active Fit challenge.  Been naughty and not kept to schedule so 20/20's not happening with that 30 days 
chillin and listening to some No Doubt, good stuffs. SATs tomorrow, boo 
Chillin at 7:15 a.m. getting ready to send Cody, my son, out the door for school. Then I must get ready for work    Bummer.
chillin at bryan's house, without bryan 
chillin at home for the day yippee...wish @youngives was here to keep me company 
chillin at home my throat hurts!!!! 
chillin at home with Zach...Missin my baby 
Chillin at Jazzy's. Kinda sad there aint no bball on 2day 
Arrgh still bout 300 words short 
Arrgh! Does media temple have to have 311 greatest hits as their on hold music 
Arrgh! I can't vote for Teen Choice Awards, cause I live in Norway! That's bullshit!! I' so mad right now 
Arrgh! I'm soo tired! Like 3hours sleeep!! 
ARRGH! no more guitar for a few days.. cut my little finger while attempting to slide it along the entire length of the fretboard.. 
ARRGH! no more guitar for a few days.. cut my little finger while attempting to slide it along the entire length of the neck.. 
Arrgh, vista screwed my shell32.dll file now I cant move or replace it and Windows wont even start!  I need a boot disk! :S
arrghhhh paperwork 
arrghhhh! a whole week away with work living out of a bag!!!!!  NOT GOOD!
arrh... its sooo annoying not having my phone!! 
Arriive at #iatel 0900 workshop session on UK time rather than EST  Trying to work out what we are talking about!!
Arrive at Klang from Muar .. tomorrow of to malacca .. meeting En Sanusi + Pn Massila at UTeM 
arrived @ #fowa - loverly day out, good line up, but no coffee yet 
Arrived an hour early at work thinking I could get an early start. Nobody else is here 'til 9am.  ...at least I got a good parking spot.
Arrived at home lyk 10minutes ago. And now I'm laying on my bed, so lazy to get up, but I want a glass of hot choco 
arrived at home now. wanna service my camera 
Arrived at school... School bell's gone and I've got exams today... Joy... 
Arrived at the office at 0900 - it's already 28C  Records from the test we ran over the weekend show the office temp ranged from 27-36C
arrived at work... @xyladevera aww...  I wanna teach a student too!
Arrived back early from country. Damn weather for midsummer 
Arrived home from judo training... So tired and hungry.  no partys tonight.
arrived home to fine 9 snail mail letters! YAY!  all had windows  ... 7 from Centrelink saying the same thing in different ways &gt;_&lt;
Arrived in cape coral, going to bed! Unloading tomorrow 
chillin at segarra.. Payah nih gue, jam segini udah ngantuk  guess this kinda thing aint my thing no more
chillin at sydneys tonight.sick of bullshitttt 
chillin at the crib tonight 
chillin at the crib waiting for this paintin guy 
Chillin at the office with Spoon, bout to head over to the club to see my Honey, loooooong overdue on that one, sorry sweetie 
chillin bored... rainy out 
Chillin eating in-n-out burger wit @MistahFAB  but he's eating wingstop lmao!!! I'm feeling so tired and kinda sick.. Ugg food 
Chillin gettin ready to go home. 
Chillin' Good Day So Far  Just About To Do Homeowrk  Love You xx
chillin in bed with a terrible cough 
Chillin in htb gardens in not so much sun  #fb
chillin in mi nanz sunroom.....by myself......i'm a total sadact 
chillin in my bed watching thin line between love and hate ..... one of the bestest movies in lowkey pain 
Chillin in my room an listening to music. boring day! I want to see you right now. 
Chillin in the living room. Nothing to do tonight.... 
chillin on break eatin some grub. pretty burnt out had an eventful day. wanting to go to the movies with Ian, not happening though. 
Arrived in Kent, sun is shining. But in a very big queue 
Arrived in MÃ¼nsterland. Where's the summer? 
Arrived in Seattle for Microsoft visit tomorrow. Have to wait for JimM until about 9:40.  
Arrived in Seattle. Sad the trip is over so soon. 
arrived now from school.. 
Arrived to D.C. It's gloomy. 
Arrived way to early for dinner... Drinking by myself at sopo 
arriving at itexa. Lots of mails to read and some work to do  thanks god weekend is just here
Arrr I can't sleep and I gotta get ready to go at 6:30am 
Arrrg man I donno what to do 
Arrrg reddit is down 
Arrrggghh! Beds been delayed again! No double bed for a month now 
Arrrggghhh, i want my wallet bak!!!!!!  I started crying in da teachers office!!
ARRRGGGHHH....why can't anything ever just go straight forward 
Arrrgghh Apple why do I have to close an app whenever I want to reply to a text on my iPhone 3.0. Where's that jailbreak 
Arrrgh Access Denied !.... Electronic Arts Guildford... 
Arrrgh I have a nasty cold :.( sniff sniff 
Arrrgh noo, I left my ipod at home  Now I've got that horrible feeling you get when you forget your watch...
Arrrgh! Thought the word would be magnetometer for clue 3 but I got the dreaded red cross  #SearchForN
arrrgh, pins and needles in my foot 
arrrgh. i'm bored. so bored. there's nothing to do except slouch at the computer all day long. 
arrrghhh i left my phone at work 
arrrghhh i'm too warm and i feel sick 
Arrrghhhh my fashion show tomorrow has been postponed. I was sooo looking forward to it. Something about a conflict of schedules 
ARRRGRHRGRHGRHRGRHHHH  why is job hunting so hard. at least i have my own hash tag now ... #hiresweetsofgeorgia
arrrrg!! I can't get my twitter to upload ma picture  Anyone know how to fix this??
arrrrraagggh........ the anger im feeling right now!!!!!!!  
arrrrrgh game over at round 12   BUT HIGHEST SCORE THIS WEEK... COME ON SON
arrrrrhhhhhhh im annoyed 
arrrrrrgh, Photoshop CS4 is sooooooo slow on my aging laptop. It's making me cry 
booked flights around the US and hotels now I feel broke 
booked my poorly MacBookPro in for repair. 
Booked spay tan for tommorow with Emma hope we don't end up all Tagz 
Booking flights for next month... way to expsensive  or dosen't do right days!
Booking my travel for trip to Detroit for Pastor Murphy's cousin's funeral 
Booking plane tickets now. Makes leaving even more pronounced and real 
boom boom pow. im so bored! 
Boom boom pow... Owwww! 
Boom goes the dynamite...Had the HUGEST brainfart during my exam today.  Dreading to see how bad I got on it now.  
Chillin on my day off.  I miss my lil sis 
chillin out and listenin 2 ipod again - gettin a bit pissed of tho!!! 
chillin right now..finna eat a salad....i hate diets 
Chillin sittin on about half a million. Well more like 28 bucks. 
Chillin wit my nephew on his 2nd B-day....missing my daughter though 
Chillin wit the fam bout to go to wrk n a min...still not really feeling good but hey I still gotta go 
Chillin with @mayachapina, having a few drinks!! I want another one but I have to drive  And @mayachapina is wasted with chacha heels!
chillin with a cup of coffee elevating my sprained ankle 
Chillin with a few cool kids at the Butler's. I miss my man. 
chillin with aaaaaaAAARIEL  leaves tomorrow  gonna need a hug
Chillin with alvin x sammie x sneaky. Camilles cotillion was fun. Sorry koosho and lftd. Wasn't in the mood tonight. 
Chillin with David at my house. He's leaving tomorrow   I won't see him for a few weeks  I'll miss my babycakes!
Arrrrrrrgh. Biology.    someone please cheer me up? Preferaby a hottie... With some diet coke, and a twirl. You'd make my life.
arruinee?? mmm.. you should be proud of me baby.. mmm.. 
Arse biscuits.. forgot my sodding sunglasses  oh well.. squinting in2 the sun and hoping there isn't a car coming keeps the blood pumping!
Arse! I seem to have lost my lovely Fox knee/shin armor. Anyone seen it?   
arse. back to work tomorrow. holidays always pass to quickly for my liking. 
arse. just deleted all jpg files from the amsterdam trip. I stil have all the raw shots but now I have to wait 30 hours for DxO again 
arsenal are gonna lose today i think, makes me sad  just found jonny craig on this, actually my hero (L)
Arsenal Chelsea on Sky Sports but Mrs CT's watching Wizard of Oz on TCM 
Arsenal lost yestee. I feel sad for Fabianski  what a bday). Nadal better pull off his magic before I declare this weekend a t. lost.
Art Center assignment due in two weeks, Im feeling great about this one. But I can't find a decent printing shop here in LA 
Art class sucks 
Art Coursework  boringgg
art exam then studying for exams 
art is calling! easter almost over school on tuesday 
Art walk was fun, left early due to a killer headache.  birthday tomorrow!
Art&amp;music festival. Then moreee schoolwork. 
Article about Twitter/history destruction is important.Is all this tweeting not able2Barchived? Oh dear. 
Artix why isn't your shop in aqworlds not opening for me?!?!! I'm already lv10 healer and worrior!?!?   Sorry for the bad spelling!! (( 
Artomatic closed at 8:00 tonight   At least we didn't get around to going there as originally planned before finding out.
arty art art..all i seem 2 do 
Chillin with the WHOLE family at grandpas lol funnnnn  &lt;3
chillin. eatching some Hanna Montana/Supernatural before i go to workk.. 
chillin.. maybe take a nap.. another long boring day.. really wish someone would call for an interview 
chillin..my baby left 2day tear tear 
chillin..then parade...last one ever!!  
chillin;;my fuxxin stomach hurts 
chilling @ the lobby. caught the flu bug. thks so much umair 
Chilling @ wakeup geoff's new mansion. Beautiful place!! Bout to do sat shopping sess. Yay 
Chilling at home on my mac feeling sick 
chilling at home todaaay. I'm not allowed out because of swine flu 
chilling at home, bored  grrr wher is jake?
Chilling at my God mothers house getting ready to go home pretty soon. School tomorrow (uh)  ... wish me luck tests tomorrow.
chilling at school, science is boring 
Chilling at soul sessions w/ @empress_ccp @samsneaker @shayscene @scrapye ...  Someone is missing its _____  &amp; @inaturalcheche dang 
Chilling at the AKL airport BK. couldn't resist the lure.   http://twitpic.com/6bdi9
Chilling at Tulsa Int'l Airport to see our vocalist fly back to Oregon! 
chilling at will apt. fab. view. close to the golden gate. watching american idol!!. cant believe ADAM!!!. didnt win!. 
as a child are you wishing for nothing more than anything want to decide when and wherever it is you need the help that you no longer get 
As a kid, I chased my cat with a spray bottle  , LOL #randomfacts
As a person pursuing a degree in Architecture,  I find it extremely difficult building houses in the Sims 3 due to its limitations.  Sad 
as a result of last night...im sick 
As a teen Zak Spears was my fantasy man... tonight he is just another haggard LA bartender. 
As a wise man once said... I'm wet 
as bad as i wanna go, im not bout to play $200 and im not even gon be able to see her good... guess ill catch the next one. 
As broken down  w8in 4 aa on dual carriageway.so l8 4 work lol
as expect.... I do now have the worst headhache of the year so far...  my bad.. thanks to champagne, wine &amp; wishkey together... cunt i am
As expected, am very tired 
as expected... errors 
As far as I am concerned, the world can just die. CRY!!! 
As far as sports go,life sucks when basketball season is over &amp; football season seems so far away 
AS FATHER'S DAY APPROACHES, I'M FEELING SAD FOR TWO REASONS 
as good as that texmex cream cheese was, i probably shouldn't have eaten so much of it... i feel gross 
as I am stupid ... imagine if the McFly go talk me           but I belive what yes ... someday 
chilling b4 work... closing weekend 
chilling in the apartment taking in some 'sister, sister'-GO HOME ROGER! lmao it's piss-a-ting it down with rain 
chilling in the chilly spring weather. weak signal on the wifi though 
chilling in the study lounge with megan on her last day here 
chilling listening to monica, feeling some type of way 
Chilling listening to the Bedrock cd mixed by John Digweed. Can't believe it's 10yrs old already. Must be getting old 
Chilling with Andy, Pat, and Mark...oh wait they just left me 
boomdocks than knocked. no summer jam for me, boss cut me out. 
Booo @bsemaj leaves today 
booo getting up sucks 
booo hoooo. been called into work for the day - on a bank holiday too 
Booo I can't sleep and my husbands not here to put me to bed.  lame. Guess I better do it myself ;-)
Booo I got a Coldsaw 
Booo i hate tornadoes. 
booo it's raining 
BOOO ON THE HUSH SOUND BREAKUP  listening to like vines all day
Booo to the rain...bored at home !!! 
Booo totally bored! 
booo! i can't go to ink &amp; iron 
BOOO!!! So sad they aren't going to the Championship 
Booo, YMCA you greedy whore  mo cheeen.
booo. @alexalltimelow went live but my mom was using my laptop so i couldn't watch. 
booo. my 11-yr old sister's leaving for finland for a month in 5 days. 
Booo.. Chelsea score... 
boooo  i have bronchitis
Boooo Animal collective is already sold out.  Guess I'll be missing that show 
Boooo I woke up today feeling yuckeee I think I have the flu  !!! Jesus take the wheel , I have a busy week and lots of partys to go to!!!
Boooo I'm not getting anyones twitter 
boooo just starting work 
Boooo no Pens game for me tonight   Damn basic cable!
Boooo once again my dad didn't bring me any food 
boooo rain  woke up to dreams of break ups  blah
Boooo slamming headaches 
boooo the new G1 does not have cupcake yet 
boooo they deleted the video 
Boooo to having to work tomorrow morning 
boooo work 
Boooo! Bret Michaels concert is cancelled. His poor face! 
Boooo! I have to chop onions 
Boooo! My dr was closed! 
Booooo it's Sunday. The stay t home do nothing Sunday because your dad has to work at night and sleep all day Sunday. 
Booooo... I want to sleep just a little bit longer. 
Boooooo I can't fall back to sleep 
Boooooo! I have a cold. 
Boooooo! Work tomorrow 
BOOOOOO!!! the ball to my bellyring went down the drain  hopefully i find another one ..
BOOOOOO!!..... cleaning my rooom.....  
Boooooo, the Lakers won tonight 
booooooo chills 
Booooooo snow!!!!! 
boooooooo i fly home today.  
boooooooo. our internet connection is very slow today. Can't watch a movie. 
boooooooo. work. 
Boooooooooo. Staying indoors while the sun is shining 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YOU GUYS @MzYummyYumYumm @Moananu @VeasGirlfriendSylvia LMFAO!.. nah family time is the best time!  *Tear* .. LMFAO!
Chilling with mary. lack of wisdom teeth is hurting 
chilling!!!  fukin bored to fuck   NEED A JOB 
chillinq w. my favorite qirlies....jazzy tye &amp;&amp; quanna....kathy is the onlee one missinq 
chillinqq at homee; havennt talkkedd to myy booboo in 3 dayss 
chillling outt boreeddddd 
Chilln, finished my facebook quiz! take it peoples! i missed big brother 
chilln... mane. this certain girl is startn to annoy me 
Chills all day long in 90 degree weather. I'm sweating one second, and freezing the next. Slept all day long. I am definitely ill. 
chills out for a second. Then I gotta clean my house, while the sun is shining outside... 
Chilly coffee on the deck ;-) Cats didn't show 
chin hay visitaaa   te toco suelo angie 
China blocked me... GAH!!! using a proxy, but can't at work.   see you on the other side!
china blocks Twitter   http://bit.ly/ZN7Pp
China Blocks Twitter . ha twitter must feel likee me rejected 
China blocks Twitter. Hmmm.. They already blocked Plurk. I feel bad for them.  I heard Youtube's blocked too. What else? Facebook?
China blocks twitter: this sucks, how will they know what they are doing with out it 
china has blocked youtube and facebook, so therefore my life is on hold until i get back hom 
China's a tough place for pups  http://is.gd/15eFb &amp; http://is.gd/15eFx via @wsj
chinese delivery.  more coffee.  liver is madddd today.  gotta get it together for the neighborhood speakeasy rogue bar tonight! i'm old 
chinese food at sammy's was a bust   but at least i picked up two hot pairs of pumps and a fab pair of suede boots for the fall!!
As i read a few minutes ago... the visit of Obama in dresden is only an accommodation to Merkel (German chancellor).No touristic program 
As I slave over the housework my dear daughters wont join in &amp; continue to &quot;chill&quot; on sofa 
As I think about the reality of leaving my job and going into something new and unknown -I'm nervous  And all I've done is write my resume
As I try to dance in backseat seatbelt keeps locking. 
As if Cairon Went.. Well gutted 
As if I'm even in school! 
as if i'm sick again! this time... the flu... i feel awful 
as if its june!  and another gorgeous day.  im stuck inside again working. 
as if thangs arent bad enuff i jus found out ma love will b leavin in 2wks 4 a year...*sigh*...realli speechless 
As if the pub are only showing the scum game they have three screens for fuck sake i want to watch the Liverpool game 
As if the rain isn't depressing enough, I'm doing my finances for the month  Tesco get too much of my money!
As if there aren't enough blackberries to go around! The ppl on the corner put up a removable fence to ward off pickers. 
As if to prove what a poor house keeper I am there is 'tap scum' dislodged and floating in my water 
As in tv show. Not concert. Unfortunately. 
As it is, we don't get to seat in an air/con room.. And the weather is heaty  sweat smokers sweat!!
As it turns out, I am not selling fireworks anymore 
as Karen Carpenter sings..... rainy days and Mondays always get me down. 
Chinese for lunch wasn't a very bright idea! I want my bed already! 
Chinese Lunch Buffet: $4.50 - Add a soda $1.25 - Noticing the Health Inspection score of 81 as I walk out with my bag, Priceless ..... 
Chinese sounded like a good idea...now um not happy I ate it. 
Chinese theatre Dumbledore looks lonely 
Chino - Gentleman Jack is pouting because Mommy is gone to dinner.  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6891977
Chintu...I have one confession to make....I behaved so badly with you....I realized that very recently.....Here are my sincere apologies 
chipotle was good i just ate a bowl pretty good still... to full though 
Chips &amp; guac at Club de Capitanes. Wasting time b4 heading to the bus station - just said bye to &quot;Chemistry&quot; (my boat) for the summer. 
Chloe is being a picky eater again 
chloe is thinkin she needs cheering up 
chloe went home miss you already cousin 
chloecs refusing force feeding now.going to call vet tomarro, we think she is telling us its time 
choc fondue and vino to look forward to this evening with lovely girlies - much fun to be had.  better do a bit more admin first though 
chocolate cake, choc-chip ice cream and cartoons; oh how I wish 
Chocolate cream cheese icing came out bleah. Not sure what went wrong 
Chocolate Lava Cake, Fudgy Chocolatey Brownie &amp; Ice Blended Dark Mocca for tea - choc overload for a Monday 
Chocolate milk is so much better through a straw. I lack said straw 
A's lose again  Cheering for a small market MLB team sucks.
as meninas do group me odeiam, 
As much as I am looking forward to seeing @jessiemalakouti tonight, I wish I could get there without going on a packed hot train 
as much as i dont wanna go to johor, i have no choice! 
As much as i hate dad he's really sweet to people. 
As much as I hate Harry Potter, You gotta love this decaying and decomposing hippie for bringing McGarther Park to the world.
As much as I heart Matthew Macaughnahey, Surfer Dude is tripping me out right now. Perr-y-tee baaad. 
As much as I like being thin, I do sometimes wish that my meds didn't make eating such a chore for me. I very rarely enjoy food 
As much as I LOOOOOVE blogging, I really hate having to pretend that I am happy for Twilight on the Twilight Gurls blog. 
As much as I love Conan O'Brien, I really wish the trending topic was about barbarians. 
As much as I love Newegg, I have to take this monitor back. Dang dead pixel!  also #squarespace
As much as I love storms... i don't like waking up to a flooded basement... 
As much as I love the Anoop post,, I need to get home and get to bed. 
as much as I wanted Dwight and the Magic to win I feel bad for King James  *tear drops* now Magic don't make it for naught.
As much as I wish it wasn't so, Photoshop is just so much better than Gimp... 
As much as I wish this isn't true, I miss you. You were my best friend and I want my best friend back. Sushi, flash games, guitar hero.. 
as my East Coast ppl watch the good shows, I have to fiddle thru the dvr until the good shows hit this side   
As my friend Shaq says: just left the gym calvin klein here I come! I've got a sore throat. Going to study some technical drawing 
as normal its raining in scotland again  u'd think it would run out or something after ah solid week but no (
As noted by catzmiyow and MDK, lots of good food. Scale has done bad by both of us 
As of 3:30 when I drove by, they are still spraying water at the Georgia Theatre 
As of noon today my camera was in dallas... Its supposed to be here tomorrow and there is no departure scan 
as of noon yesterday (sunday) two GDawgg servers went down due to a major AC failure in the London datacenter. they're still down 
as of this point I am done. I am not going to waste my time re downloading all my music. I lost 5k songs 
choir rehearsal. a place where i rarely use my pissagio or my melisma.  
choking like a dehydrated guy with a mouthful of crackers  gotta pull it together for hour 2
chop me off at the chest I'm congested from there up &amp; feel like crap 
Chopchop, get dressed! Getting ready for work 
Chopi Chop. Where the hell are you Bow ? I miss playing with you 
Chores :/ hurt ass neck too 
Chores done, whites rUined now a nice shade of gray  so off to the pub to morn there lost brightness 
chris brown .. 
chris brown fleeing from jail, that's not fair after all that he did to ri 
Chris Brown is scum ...  justice failed once again ... 
Chris' car broke down...anyone up for giving us a ride to Davis? 
Chris Hemsworth, a.k.a., Captain Kirk's father, to play Thor in the movie? Huge casting #fail 
Chris is droped off and he made ole gerty cry. 
Chris just farted in the UJFM studio... thats not nice is it? 
chris pratt is on parks &amp; recreation??? Misses everwood 
Chris says I'm now really fat after looking at this photo of me taken today: http://twitpic.com/3jnlo   Sadly I haave to agree 
as opposed to not holding me cause I buried an good friend and a little sister, my now ex was fucking her ex.... way to let me down world 
A-'s ruin my life, no 4.0.  
As soon as I get on Twitter, it's dies  oh well I guess.
As soon as I stop being ridiculously busy I can't sleep. So far this week I've finished the whole first season of Supernatural &amp; Heroes 
as soon as my body stops shaking my day will begin.  help?
As soon as tonight is over the better. I miss home and him 
As soon as you have your first Facebook friend... well I don't know  ï¿½it might be harder to find your real friends again.
As soon as you stop wanting something, you get it... BUT WHY IS IT SO HARD? 
as the days go by, i have lesser n lesser followers 
As this place is dead I'm off. No sleep, 70f, 98% humidity &amp; footy in 2 hours. Oh what fun  it would be if not for this shithole Country.
as usual ... cooking what I hate 
As usual I get all dms via text.  I kno u can see i'm mobile, i can't return a damn 1!  
As usual, I changed my outfit last minute only to regret it later... wearing a sweater vest on an unexpectedly and gorgeously sunny day 
As usual, serial wiring for this LED sign is destroying me 
chris told me his twitter address, I remember him telling me and spelling it out and I remember thinking 'bitch don't forget this', i did 
Chris was @ t-mobile all night.....he's still not home 
Chrissy Marquette &amp; Paulie Dano, u cute little fuckers are goddamn love to me. Emile Hirsch... u make me a sad panda. You broke my heart. 
Christ  why did it have to be someone nice
Christ ive already cleaned up everywhere. I am bored 
Christ on a bike, Mary's forgetting what clouds actually look like! Also, why do Piccadilly Recs always get Chess Club releases in late? 
Christ! was looking forward to a lay in, until family started a cleaning riot. 
Christening went well, now for food and beer unless your driving like me lol 
Christi is leaving me 
Christian and Cindy rode bikes to see UP. Then Cindy's bike broke. 
christian lacroix, and one of our on-off clients, gone bust.  http://tinyurl.com/kv653j
christian studies assignment today ahhhhh 
Christians going to bigbear to see his familia  ...and i'll be all alone for the next two days... BORING!
Christina Milian &amp; the Dream  me nooo like E
Christine is a panda because she is cute and does not abandon the herd...unlike aaron. Who's graduating.  ...elk.
christmas music reminds me of new york 
Christopher Robin and Pooh decided to have Piglet put down.  (via #zenjar )
Chrome for OS X: .  Figuring out how to do threads correctly in swing:  
Chrome is way too slow, gonna try the full release!  http://bit.ly/182TVX
chronicals of narnia:* ugh. dance at 3 . interview got rescheduled 
Chronicles bookstore on Fitzroy street has disappeared 
Chrono Trigger Crimson Echoes and other CT hacks were halted by Square-Enix!  http://bit.ly/Vvedz
chtÄ›jÃ­ mi zruÅ¡it zelenej stromeÄ?ek v e-mailu &quot;please consider the environemnt before printing this e-mail&quot; 
Chubby cheeks 
Chuck (cat) came to say hi. Sat on lap. Got kicked by uterine occupant. I no longer have a cat on my lap and think this is a sign 
chuck in 3d without 3d glasses is making my head hurt 
BOOOOOOOOOOORING Twitter is making this fun yet  lol why isnt anyone replying and when you do heaps of people do and then confuses me ;'(
BOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDD and got the cold 
booooored of law revision... and I've run out of chocolate raisins  it's not good!!
BOOOOORRRRIIIIIIINNNNNNGGGGGGg , I so hate this... 
booooorrrrrring day at work  ugh. Had a great lunch thanks to @nursamore though!
BOOOORED. ONLY HIGHLIGHT WAS KOGI TRUCK TODAY. WHICH LASTED AN HOUR  I WANNA RUN RUN RUNAWAY!
Booored at work.. 
BOOORRREEDDD... just got back off holiday and dreading school tomorrow 
Boored and im only home 5 minutes 
BOored No One likes to talk to me 
booreed..  i must do my homeworks NOO
booring.. don't know what to wear on the confirmation 
booring.... nothing to do 
booya 100th update.............-ya i know im sad   lol
BOOYA!! Sup Tweeps!? Happy inFAMOUS day to you all, off to get it very soon. Can't wait to play, need to find some more time though 
boozer's defense sucks!!! well he just sucks!!!! 
bordeline cases... the best thing to be thinking about in the early hours of the day. 
Borders, why do you put out a coupon that is only good Monday-Thursday?  Some of us work days AND evenings... 
Bored   shitless! WHy is everyone busy this weekend! 
bored   sleeping all day 2marro going to ymca wen thurs fri leaveing friday at midnight to florida
bored  and tired. and ill. and have exams all week. not good  i'm so glad i'm seeing cobra saturday to make up for the shit week  &lt;333
Bored  anyone got any ideas?
bored  anyone wanna spend the nights than go too the courts with me , kelsey and ivory and maybe jael?
bored  does anyone know when they will anounce the winners of the jonas brothers contest? cause they never put a date for when it finished
BORED  Fine after american idol i'll read. FINE.
Chuck is BACK!  But hopefully without too many casualties  http://bit.ly/DQNWs
Chuck Liddel no win  boooo
Chuck renewed for a new season, but Terminator: Sarah Connor Chronicles canned, it seems. Bugger 
chuck the soft ball back that Robin and I threw at you. I don't understand how God could take you away from us... you were only 29 
Chuckaholics, I have to sleep! I'll be back in a few hours...  BYE! #ChuckMeMondays #Chuck omg
Chuffed to see that Man U have been knocked out FA Cup by Everton xD ....The team that beat LFC 
Chuffed with maths exam today, shitting myself for english though 
Chung's Garden in Bushey has changed hands - it's just not the same 
chunk got his heart broken.. 
Chunky chicken noodles soup makes the world go round.    Still not a replacement for fucking wings tho 
Church building clean up. Too early 
church for almost 2 hours  :@ eww.
church in spanish feels forever n i still have about half to go. 
Church is finally done and I'm sad that Peckers might move to another country 
Church then lunch then stuff?? no soccer  happy mothers day though =D
Bored  Gutted we did nothing to celebrate last night. Such a disappointment.
Bored  I hate science
Bored  I keep listening to 'Itsumo Soba Ni' over and over again &gt;.&lt;; Oh me, oh my :3
Bored  nd a bit hungry sure ive got worms lol JOKE
bored  signed off work, got nothing to do 
Bored  Someone talk to me PWEASE? hehe
bored  waitin for the bf to finish work
Bored  Wanna go out!
Bored  What's new, I knooooooooow.
bored  www.youtube.com/TahliaCaitlyn
Bored !!   really bored!
Bored &amp; I think I am having a heat stroke 
Bored &amp; not looking forward to tomorrow 
bored (N) at school  and its sunny 
bored , i wish Lakers was playin 
bored , nothing to do 
bored :\ nothing on tv anymore 
bored @ 2:30 am 
Bored @ home- sux there's no more Grey's 
Bored @ Work... What a long day 
Bored a littly.... tired of drama... listening to Tims fave song 
bored again! I just wanna go out!!! uuugh! I can't just go out to some bar/club alone... 
Bored again. Still two hours of the working day to go too 
Bored all my friends are in school 
bored and alone...I need somebody to hug me 
Bored and couldn't sleep 
Bored and depressed just had a bad leter from the bank!!!! 
bored and don't wanna study for spanish 
bored and having to go and cook  can't be bothered
bored and home alone on a Friday night...I need friends 
Bored and hungry but i don't know what i want to eat 
bored and i dont wanna move class 
Bored and I have work tonight  Not so good.
bored and misses someone 
bored and no plans for tonight, bah 
bored and pissed... 
bored and sick not fun 
bored and tired did alot of house work today 
Bored and tired of doing nothing!! 
bored and worried 
BORED AS A VERY BORED THING 
bored as at home. grounded for the night 
BORED as can be  SAVE ME ...
Bored as crap in astronomy class. 
bored as fuck  need something to doooo!
bored as hell 
Church time. First time this summer without my friends. 
church was great today!  miss being @ church. in stl!  
Church was horrible! Ten hours sitting there literaly! Tomarow same but half the day 
church was prrty good 2day now i have 2 go home and write another essay 
Church Was really good... Even though Pastor Evans was not there  Saw @kirkfranklin son on drums!! He was really good!! 
Church won't happen. Can't sleep. Keeping getting calls and texts.  peace!
Church, eco-fest, then work...sadly though no Circle JJesus 
Church, Volleyball Practice, VBS Meeting, Church again...then its Monday 
church. but thats about it we have never talked b4.  it was love at first sight. his name is sullivan and he is about my age
church. T-minus 2 hours and 50 minutes. 
church.. brunch then airport to drop someone off 
churches thigh and a bisquit did nothing for me. i really want cheeseburger hamburgerhelper 
churchtechhelp: yes! I'm doing the OTA upgrade now which will take forever... but i left my sync cord at work 
Chylln with my godson b4 he leaves 4 new mexico 2morrow 
Cï¿½ ai bi?t nh?ng phim nï¿½o cï¿½ Ost The Beatles kï¿½ 
Cï¿½i WordPress toï¿½n l?i font v?y tr?i?! M?t, h?t bu?i chi?u 
cÎ±nt sleep ! i need to cuddle 
Cibulkova wins over Sharapova. My girl lost  Eh at least they're both cute.
Cider -  good. Sun - good. BBQ - don't have one , damn it! 
cigarette are very expensive here compare to indonesia hiks... and they dont have dunhill lights menthol 
cigs fell in catfish today  staying up til maybe 3; then sleep. great day (:
Cillit Bang does not get spilt coffee of freshly hung wallpaper   My first bollock dropped today
cing a heart attack or heart disease   Better start exercising tomorrow just to be safe
Cinnamon altoids may be deadly to the faint of heart. I have round muscular legs. And big calves. 
Cinnamon Toast Crunch!! ...without any kind of milk. 
Circa 1988 o 1989, I'll be there for you 
circles &amp; triangles 
Circling LAX in a Super Shuttle. Chances of getting home before midnight: unlikely. V already at work, won't see him till tomorrow night 
cirilo goes.... ana I think you may be kinda slow...  lol
city is definitely waking up. I should stuck to my orig plan, get there at 6 
CiviCRM team india is a bit crazy  they want to do a CiviCRM - CCK hackathon tonite. dont they know i have 2 kids to take care of?
Cj and I are trying to save a dying bird that hit against our window 
cknoedler: tom's shoes! I know i know, i keep telling miself dat but i ain't got de money 
claire @breakfastnt love the show, got into the office @ 5am and no radio 
Claire back on lost, possibly Eko and Boone, maybe even Shannon... What about Charlieeeeee? 
Claire never found out  i'm sad. Have fun tomorrow @ the Science Center Clairey! LYLASMTA (love you like a sister more than anyone) &lt;3
Clancy say: &quot;I hate mornings!  Mommy leaves for work  I'm lucky though, she comes home for lunch....YEAH!&quot;
Clare and jack aren't on the bus so I think I'm going to have to make awkward, forced conversation with people  or over-tweet on here...
clash of plans so not going to the zoo   May harass my 2 favourite girls to keep me entertained this afternoon
Class  grre I hate testing time
class = done! java city to the rescue since my cupboards are empty and i have no coffee 
Class again at least im starting to understand what he is talking about. Lab is still going to suck 
Class at 6:30 
Class canceled 
Class cancelled  supposed to go home but I'm still hur.
Class from 7-3 then work from 5-8 and still sick as a dog 
class has started. Last class of database lab 
class meeting... don't wanna go... 
Class night tonite! If I look as amzing (if not more amzing) than semi I will b xtremely proud! but only 2 days left  &lt;3
class on a saturday.. 
class on monday. I hate math 
Class on Saturday... 
class reunion nervousness..don't want to be oldest/fattest one there 
Class starts today   and I can't stop thinking about the old couple from UP
class test really f*cked up..shit!.....&amp;sunburn 
class til 1030 
Class time... already? 
class tonight..cold, tired and hungry.. *sigh* 
as usual,evening with no activities at all___boring,silent,and starving 
as we go on, we remember, all the times we had together 
As we speak, GM is filing for bankruptcy. GM now stands for government motors. 
As Wednesday draws closer i get more terrified...they're gonna inject me  and the cervical cancer vaccination has 3 injections over a year
As well as this, I'm desperate to see the grindhouse throwback film Ginger now due to the plethora of trailers we've watched 
as you can tell from the amount of tweets i have put out in the last ten minutes, i am bored and having a very un-productive morning 
As you mightve guess slept in today Still made it to the train on time hence 'MC LUV' Tired now 
Ascaron Entertainment (Sacred 1/2) files for bankruptcy protection  - http://tinyurl.com/d9ug7z
Asda makes me want to vomit. Literally 
ASDFGHJKL I FORGOT TOM WAS SELLING TICKETS TODAY IN SAN DIEGO. FML  oh my god. this sucks. now im sitting here wishing i was seeing him
asdfghjkl this sucks 
asdfghjkl; BOREDOM overpowers everything!! I need a car. 
asdfsadfsadfasfs... can't find the movie 
ashh10: lmao how did she loose against miley  she's my favvv (I repeat)
Ashleigh: Pot noodles are way too hard to make  They make you wet!:L
Ashley doctor's appointment went well. She is 31 pounds and 24 inches long. She got 2 shots  
ashley just left 
ASHLEY TISDALE @ the comet was awesome^^ but she didnt sang live 
Ashley Tisdale is going to be at the South Jordan Wal-Mart 6/23 at 6pm and I'm missing her 
ASHLEY WILLIAMS! That made me cry!  @willas00
ashton kutcher i stopped following you D: why are you still showing up 
ashuuuu!! i got  the flu! 
Asian pageant.. Epic fail. My mic was barelyy working 
Class wahh 
Class without my big bro sucks. 
Class, gym, then back to lib... 
Class,then work,then who knows but as of now, im out of coffee and moving at the speed of a broken locomotive so none of this may happen 
classes are so sooooooon. I don't want school for now. I haven't spend my summer vacation. 
classes moved to 16.  i was so stoked pa naman. grr. back to 10 days more. 
classes moved to june 16..woot woot.  will still there be a freshie welcome assembly? 
classes on june 16th. i was frikken excited but then, they still moved it 
classes POSTPONED! grrr! 
classes start today 
classes starts tom. 
Classic coursework ! On a Sunday ! 
classroom based assesments start today and go on for the next 3 weeks 
CLAUDIA VENUS im bleeding too 
claudine's hair is really putting me off my wine - like a dirty horse tail 
cld not still believe nadal lost..wanted to watch nadal vs federar next sunday 
Clean car. Bug bite.  CD burning. Splenda covered fruit. Yum!
Clean clean clean. That's all I've been doing! Ugh, I hate the whole moving torture right now 
Clean Clean Cleanin' the house. *Four more days until my birthday and I don't have anything planned  BOOO
Clean room and toilet pleases me so. But dead mouse is pissing me off... so i guess balance in the universe is restored. 
Cleaned all the windows with metho + water. Not sure if you can tell that I cleaned them though 
Cleaned house ALL Day! And it's still not finished... 
cleaned house, paid some bills, and now.... ICECREAM! I wish 
cleaned my room again- still no passport. I #blamesdrewscancer for my missing passport 
Asif i just had like a 5 hour sleep :| goshh i must've been tired. i could still sleep now tho  i hate being ill!
asjdflkadfljasdlfasdf;; i miss you! 
asjkd;adlsjf;alsjdk im poor  I need money.
Ask ppl 2 follow me!!!     @emuhleex
Ask your friends to follow me, I don't have many followers... 
Asked a girl out tonight she said no. So embarrassing 
asked Afrigator 15 min ago to send me my password as I have forgotten, No Mail Yet  Help!
Asked for a day off tomorrow as I'm exhausted but boss is going to let me know later as it's the end of our financial year next week 
ASKING MY MOM TU GO OUT 
asking myself why can't i find a job...? 
asking when it will be happen 
asks ...cno OL dyan?? plurkers? facebookers? anyone??  http://plurk.com/p/xmeh3
asks ano examples ng philippine society? help me pls  http://plurk.com/p/xd6cp
asks for your confirmation..  http://plurk.com/p/xwqqr
asks how to give title on my own timeline??please help me...  http://plurk.com/p/ysigo
asks love why are you sad??  (cozy) http://plurk.com/p/y2etu
Cleaned out my Followers List and blocked the porn girls &amp; Crap Now I look like a spammer 
Cleaned out my freezer... Most astounding accomplishment of my life sadly 
Cleaned the kitchen whilst drinking beer and listening to Green Day full blast. Was about to have a bath but the Monster got there first 
cleaned the pool and we are now relaxing in the air conditioning.  Time to write a paper! 
cleanin my house and its so aggravatin! So i snuck off 4 a little while. I so wish i could go tubin 2day...but i cant 
cleanin my room its so messy i dnt no where 2 start 
Cleanin the room then going to bed! Not ready for summer school monday 
cleanin up is a mission  #Squarespace
Cleanin windows....  Not fun....
cleaning   a lot!!
cleaning  boo. then hanging out with kali and rachael !
cleaning + washing to do. feeling SO not motivated 
cleaning a little...gettin ready...then goin to see my accountant to pay more taxes  All Bets Are Off today at 3!!!
Cleaning again today .... Hopefully I shall be done by September 
Cleaning again....the washing basket seems to be overflowing.....darn 
cleaning alllllllllllllllll day today 
cleaning and not suffering over it so much, actually. wake up, you. 
cleaning and packing 
Cleaning and packing, we got to move again 
cleaning and studying all day. Everyone's gone from the dorm for the summer 
cleaning and such. yay 
cleaning and washing clothes! the hubby and the kids are sicky 
Cleaning da basment 4 my party 
CLEANING DA HOUSE 
Cleaning day today   Better get going...
cleaning foreverrrr! hoping i find $400 cause i need that within 2 weeks. 
Cleaning gutters today 
cleaning house finally. running errands. wish i was back @the beach 
asks totoo ba na magrereopen ang Metropolitan Theater? I recall reading about it but I lost the link.  http://plurk.com/p/111qk9
asks Translator of Plurk?  (thinking) http://plurk.com/p/yu91n
asks when i will go to s'pre ?  http://plurk.com/p/11546x
asks where are my roommates? haha. ako pa lang dito  http://plurk.com/p/yr35d
asks where's my lasalle jacket?!?!?!  http://plurk.com/p/pbqfi
asks who wants to lend me alter ego 1? I think I lost mine.  http://plurk.com/p/11323f
asks why my karma is now 0.00?   http://plurk.com/p/123v36
Asleep late. Awake early. Sore throat ... meh 
ASOS is kinda disappointing these days, 
asot400 is down in the trending topics. too bad.  #asot400 http://bit.ly/13i3Yp
ASPCA needs to stop sendin me shit. I dnt have n e more moneyz to give to the kitties n doggies 
ASPIRE hates me  If I don't get this assignment finished, it's not because I didn't try
aspirin+tayberry water = :S disgusting 
Aspro Clear - yuck. Hope it helps my throat though  stupid cold...
Ass on more fire. I hope my firefighters have a huge hose for this one. 
Assembling a workout bench with missing pieces, I hate flat-pack anything!! heading back to get the missing piece.. 
assembling crap from ikea.....ja...das is hardt. especially like when i got like 5 things to assemble. 
Assembling/ figuring out this new alarm daddy gave me - SOOO loud  I think I blew out my ear drum
Assembly is so boring and I don't want to go for cuesports!!!!!!! 
Assessing the quality of mitigation proposed in an Environmental Impact Statement, and it's sunny outside 
Asshole just went thru wooley edge and no stop  fffuuuuuuuu
Assigment in the morning. Greaaattt!! 
Assign.Ed. says things are too hectic for me to finish up my story for at least three days. So much for doing more stories before leaving 
assignment assignment assignment....   #trackle
Cleaning my house 
Cleaning My House need help 
cleaning my house...   not fun...
Cleaning my messy ass closet and room.  I never let it get this bad. Thats how you know its summer!
cleaning my room  after that i will do a little bit sport to keep fit
Cleaning my room  GRADUATION IN JUST 7 HOURS
cleaning my room  x x x
Cleaning my room ;-) Moving out today ;-) .. Gonna miss it  ..
Cleaning my room and taking a shower! Then jon and kate even though i heard all about it 
cleaning my room is the biggest pain in my body !!! 
cleaning my room or I can't go see @katyperry. 
cleaning my room out; this is gonna be joyfull 
cleaning my room yuck! someones coming to look at the house tomorrow 
Cleaning my room! Just got completely through dresser drawer number 1! Only 3 more and a...closet...2...go...hmmm... 
Cleaning my room. 
Cleaning my room. Wishing I was on the road to Cherry Grove right now, though!! 
cleaning my room....it's extremely messy. 
Cleaning my rooooooooooom 
Cleaning my scum infested pool. This is going to take forever. 
Cleaning my stuff out of the wreckage 
Cleaning never ends 
cleaning never ends.... http://bit.ly/zOPRv  i prefer doing smth else  but have to cleeaaannn!
cleaning on a beautiful day because I know if I go to the pool I'll be too tired to make it to work tonight 
Cleaning out camper to get ready for camping this year we're staying in arizona for both trips  aw well
Cleaning out my desk and stuff! Hoping to find a ring that's been missing for a couple of years now... 
cleaning out my lj communities. so many i don't even go to anymore  oh memories
Cleaning out the bunnies cage. Not sure keeping her is the right thing she is great but too much with three dogs. 
Cleaning out the car  http://twitpic.com/7wfae
assignmenting (yay for invented words) plus bummed about Chaser off-air for 2 weeks  just when they had returned!
assignments  EPIC FAIL!
assignments are death 
assignments are the worst 
Assignments rework 
assinment 
Assistindo SuperPop ' ;x  PS: DÃª adeus ao twitter 
Asst. #3.5: Take Titus back home. I do NOT want to see another dog fight first hand... 
asthma attack plus allergies on face = not good. 
Asthma attacks are the worst 
Asthma creeping up  falling sick ohno!
asthma is acting up 
Astro_Mike, say it ain't so! http://bit.ly/17VzRw twitterers got duped 
Astros lost  hopefully when they come up to Dallas I'll watch them kick Ranger ass
ASU vs. UT in the College World Series and Cubs vs. White Sox!!!  It's a great night for baseball...and I'm studying for a Greek exam. 
At &quot;Up&quot; and the 3D is an instant migraine trigger. Sigh. Can't watch w/ the glasses or without. 
At @bkatrixie's with @reginaeve @krday @marjorayy. My future boyfriend is leaving 
At @chasingskies's house now. So boreddd. @zomfgALEXIS, wish you were here! 
At @emmyissweet 's house. I'm sick 
Cleaning Room. 
Cleaning stupid gutters with shamus 
cleaning the apt for them to show it to who is going to live here next year 
cleaning the bathroom 
cleaning the casa 
Cleaning the heck out of my place right now...it's the only time I have to clean since I'm so busy. 
cleaning the house   BOO!
cleaning the house and prepairing for work tomorrow 
cleaning the house before guest come over has to be done but so boring  Haha
Cleaning the house now. Home alone this weekend...gonna mis my mouse 
cleaning the house! doesn't that sound like super fun...? 
cleaning the house... just cant seem to get my act together and keep writting 
Cleaning the living room and kitchen for mom and watching poor Quinn lick his bandage.  
cleaning then yardwork 
cleaning time ._. taske te. SAVE ME 
Cleaning time!!!  sisters grad party at 4
Cleaning tomorrow and making sugar cookies with icing!  I miss my Zac. 
cleaning up a big mess of baby formula all over everything in his bed and on him. not to happy about it. 
Cleaning up after Caleb - He decided to rip his diaper off last night... 
cleaning up and i still have 2 kids here. lost 3 dollars playing poker 
cleaning up dog throw-up = great preparation for kids ... miss p doesn't feel too hot today 
cleaning up joeys mess 
cleaning up my followers list. too many spam accounts there 
cleaning up my room 
Cleaning up the boat for sale...  , but we have a 5th wheel instead, yeah! 
Cleaning up the glass pan that I just dropped on the floor... Oops 
cleaning up the room thinking of the old room with my awesome roomies 
cleaning up, packing up the van, and heading home for a couple weeks. I won't be twittering a whole lot  sad face
Cleaning windows like it's going out of style  #work
Cleaning with a busted elbow translates to: OW! OW! OW! OW! 
Cleaning! Yeah I really am, believe it or not! Hate it 
cleaning, cleaning, and cleaning. did i mention i was cleaning? 
Cleaning, cleaning, and more cleaning. I have way too much stuff. I can't even enjoy my break because of my stupid heartburn  ugh
cleaning, getting ready to move out of dublin 
Cleaning, gym, Christmas Tree Shop, Bruins...but no more sniggles 'till Wednesday. 
cleaning.  gotta call jewlsie over here, lol.
cleaning.. boooo 
cleaning.. dholki at my house today 
Cleaning.. Showing the house tomorrow 
Cleaning... 
cleaning.....fun 
cleaning...boo 
Clearing out my desk! 
clearing things out of my room     1 more week till the big move
Clearing up my room... 
clearly going to hae no socila life from now on   xxx
Clearly influenced by the power of advertising, I am pulling up to McCafe for a mocha. I am sheep 
Clearly it's karma but I still feel compassion instead of schadenfreude 
Clearly patents dont apply to these bandits  http://tinyurl.com/2py92f
Clearly some of you twitter losers never left the house tonight! LOL 
clearly stresin out sry for the profanity 
clearly you need vision to watch the New Moon Trailler.  hope the movie is much more audible than this. lol
bored as hell  watching youtube videos
bored as hell and all alone at my house during a thunderstorm great 
Bored as hell dana is outa town 
bored as hell here in Statesboro 
Bored as hell on the way to Center Point and I haven't even left The Ville yet 
bored as hell wishing that my boo was here 
bored as hell! got exams coming up 
bored as mess  wont have my cell till saturday  ughh im so going to die (
bored as shit 
bored as shit.. bout to pop in the big lebowski.. im not high tho 
bored assigmenting   school finishes for holidayz in 2 weeks
Bored at an old people parttyyyy 
Bored at dad's office. 
bored at friends. we were soposed 2 play airsoft but its raining 
Bored at home  should I go out?
bored at home cuz its raining 
bored at home sitting on my laptop 
Bored at home.. Raining for the past 2weeks 
Bored at home... cant wait to see my girlfriend this weekend, i miss her so much! 
Bored at lax and missing my sister 
Bored at my dads. 
Bored at my grandmas house  someone save me please!
bored at school...exam week also last week of school...cant wait for no doubt with paramore tomorrow...it shall be very fun...4 days left 
Bored at Seatac. No free wi-fi. 
Bored at the airport.... ALONE  i have to wait for two hours... Nani shiyoukanaaaaaaaa.. :/
Bored at work    love&amp;&amp;missyoubean
Bored at work watching USA lose to Brazil...  pretty exciting stuff 
bored at work while the sun is just chillin outside 
Bored at work, save me! 
bored at work. Ugh. 
Bored at work... nobody wants to talk about the game  they are all Magic fans, the haters have nothing to say. Yay Lakers!
BORED AZ HELL....I NEED TO FIND SOMEONE TO PISS OFF OR ELSE AM DOOMED!! 
bored because i have no school.... but all my friends do havbe school 
bored because noones on Xboxlive that I play with 
bored being at home for so long ....... missing  friends 
bored bored and oh yea.. Bored 
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored, yes I had to type all those out, damn iPod 
Bored bored bored bored bored!.! Im so Invisible.!  People dont love me :p
Clement Freud is dead 
Cleveland Cavaliers..so much for easily going thru the playoffs. Lakers ftw. A bunch of quizzes &amp; tests this week 
cleveland lost.  i feel sad. :|
cleveland, please  *watches prisoner of azkaban as condolence*
cleveland, you're giving me a stuffy nose.  
Clevland 
Click makes me so sad 
clicked the check for update button and almost fell off my chair but then i realised it was just telling me i had the current version. 
clickipink is defenetly scam  look theyr forum, only Porn ower there
Client chooses another unit for rent at Manila area for her daughter. Update her for other preselling projects 
Client consult in Valley Ranch, then home to work some more 
Client is not happy with the cover I designed. 
clients still at the office...trying to get out of here &amp; to Koot's bday bash by 6. Not too likely 
Cliff Richards and the Shadows going on tour. Oh when will the recession ever end. 
Climb cancelled...project for airport tomorrow: find new company to climb Fuji with 
Climbed 105 flights of stairs for 2.19 miles at gym 2nite. No pain in back like running this morning. Sweet! Back still crazy sore though 
climbing in bed, reading Breaking Dawn, and going to sleep. back to work tomorrow. boo  goodnight!
Clinical Education ;) Back in the evening... later on... 7:pm-9:30pm,.. medical physics tutorial.. 
clint graduates tonight, nooo  i have to spend the whole evening with his family, ahhh 
Clock watching is the WORST!! 
At 11:11, I wished for chocolate-covered gummy bears. 
At 16.00hs far from home again 
At 3 hours now, this line is trying my patience. Good times 
At 7:30am a clumsy beetle that had no sense of direction kept flying into my window as hard as it could, waking me up. 
At 856! My first night as DD! Only one drink for me tonight 
At a 15 in the rest room charging my phone.  i suck. Todays sucked..
At a 60's party that's kinda boring!! Ughh I wanna leave! 
at a auto shop getting m suv fix ugh more $   http://twitpic.com/66of2
At a bar in chi town wising all my lovey ladies were here 
At a baseball game. And its raining 
At a bbq i should totally eat but im not hungry   d says its cause i ate too much junk food... Probably!
At a car dealership...yay? Nope because today I am giving one back 
At a chorus rehersal till 9. 
At a famjam, im so exhausted!!! 
At a friends house...  dance class was canceled. 
At a fun day today, kids pushing each other in sumo suits is always funny, especially when the suits are bigger than them! Sunburnt tho 
At a gay kickback. God I want to go home so bad right now. 
Clocking out early. 
Cloooose call last night! Didn't get to hang out tho  oh well it wasn't meant to be..
Clorox tablets in the toilets kill cats. Poor freddy 
close the book,, and start thinking abt him..  miss u so
Closed dead Aunt's bank account today. So final... 
closed my phone on my finger  and it hurt like a bitch lol going to bed now i guess.. goodnight! 
closed the door on my finger. owwww 
CLOSED!  
Closed! Heading the 34 miles back to Pampa. 
Closing down Petsmart. I hate counting money. 
Closing offices sucks  karen
Closing party for my church is tonight...  this is the 2nd Catholic Church that I've gone to in the past 4 years to close....  
Closing show   
Closing tonight 
Closing tonight, tomorrow, and working 6am sunday ... Thanks boss man 
Clothes are hurting my skin, think work would object tho if I decided to do without them 
Clothes shopping was unsuccessful  and i'm really tired.  Going home to lay in the AC and cool down for awhile
CLOTHESMINDED1 I FEEL SO BAD you KNOW ARIN IS MY FAV... I SHOULD BE THERE!! 
Cloud song is lovely tho 
clouds  i dont like couds, you cant see the sun when its cloudy. i like the sun
Clouds and rain not goood 
Clouds are back 
Clouds are gathering over London. Another full moon missed 
Clouds, will you please go away? You're making NYC cold. 
Clouds?!?! Ugggh. Was supposed to go to the pool today. 
Cloudy and overcast here at the moment....looks like rain 
Cloudy and rainy sunday !!   I do not like the weatfer , especially in the free day ...!!!
Cloudy and windy  Could be a day at the computer preparing images for www.trevillion.com A chance to be a bit more creative!
Cloudy day 
Cloudy day  Ohhh well. Eating a Bagel 
Cloudy day here! Not like yesterday  Clouds in southern California?  Who knew?
Cloudy day in Charlotte. Just brings me down  I need to just keep busy with work and hope the sun will shine for this evenings run!
cloudy in london please don't rain 
cloudy Monday 
Clove cigarettes are illegal now? wtf.  
club vice was iLL.. i feel better knowing i apologized 2 my friend because i made a mistake and they didnt deserve my behavior.so special 
Clueless   http://twitpic.com/5dbax
Clutch really showed its weakness last night 
clutter everywhere! it reminds me of someone..   btw learnt that t&amp;s album will be out in Oct! yey ! cant wait for it!
CM has just lost against someone with elo 900. its position was much better, but then it somehow lost all pieces.  http://bit.ly/chessmate
cma fest was a blast. back to the daily grind in MN. 
CMA has come to an end  - I must return home to reality 
C'MON COME ONLINE AHAHA!  pwease.
C'mon mouth.  Stop bleeding 
cmon now....I bleed purp n gold. Trust me. I was upset when I found out we were the thuggets. But the league chose our name. 
C'mon ppl follow @peterfacinelli . We need 500,000 followers by Friday 
cmon shaad. AI to Lakers is non-sense. will now have lunch, finally. not hungry anymore. arrrgh. 
bored bored bored bored bored.Can't do anything in the house cos of decorators, can't leave the house cos of decorators 
bored bored bored its a really nice day but once againg im stuck inside i hate being ill 
bored bored bored on my day off...this can't get any worse 
bored bored bored waiting for Asda to deliver my shopping.I cant even sit in the garden as I wont be able to hear the door 
Bored bored bored...  Not tired enough to sleep yet, too tired to clean up around here... 
Bored bored bored... And just my luck bored.com doesnt work in my work 
BORED BORED BORED....*sigh* anyone out there???  xx
Bored bored bored.....these weeks have been draggin  go go go fasterrrrrr i wanna b in NY already!
bored bout to go to bed aint do shit this weekend 
bored cause michael left me  want to talk? http://www.blogtv.com/People/shanaynaysbitch
bored cuz no one is awake lol even nobodys on myspace  txt it
Bored doing my tons of laundry 
Bored here without watching any tamil movies 
BORED i dont want rain.  Text me?
borED I GUESS 
bored in home  someone funny?
bored in ict  looking at @bradleydfc
Bored in LSC so i decided to keep you updated happy monday 
bored in my 2nd hour class   .......HELP ME!!!!!!!
bored in my office 
Bored in Social Research. Have A Lot To Do In The Following 3 Weeks. 
Bored in training , god I'd rather be back on the phones , or out in the sunshine , or a beer garden anywhere bt stuck in this class room 
bored knt go 2 slp.hope'n sumbody kall me 
Bored Lauren Went To Bed  And now My Hearts Broken Again.
bored looking for something to do  any ideas?? xXx
Bored Monday night in...you don't want to see the mess I made!  http://twitpic.com/7gkah
bored much. I don't to revise  its boring
bored nd mad looks like its gna rain 
Bored nothin to do its 10:03 and every time i type some thing the number in the coner get smaller..if it runns out how do i get it back 
Bored now  - Must improve my Friday nyts lol
bored now that Jennna left me on msn. 
Bored now. 
Bored now.  Sleepy but cant sleep.  Want snacks but shouldn't pig out.  Want to swim but no suit.  Need a distraction 
BORED OF TODAY ALREADY wishing the apprentice was on tonight 
C'mon sweet Hazelnut Latte - start coursing through my system; I've got a BUSY day today sans @ASOS_Ilana 
C'MON, IT'S SUMMER, WHERE'S THE SUN?! 
CMSK! WHY! WHY!  BECAUSE OF YOU, NO SKYPE ACTION TONIGHT! 
cmt music awards re-run &amp; making a goodbye cd for mike  thursday is going to be so hard.but we got one more night-monday at graduation&lt;3
CNA class / working until 8 
CNN : Twitter is being used as a  tool for violence in Iran. Haaaayyy 
CNN calling for interview on Brazilian plane crash. Would normally drive book sales but my aviation book is out of print. 
CNN giving Liz Cheney face time 
CNNsi.com is blocked at Wegman's &quot;Intimate Apparel/Swimsuit&quot;  
CnT BeLiEvE Im SiCk... 
Cnt believe its raining after Blk the nice weather we had  Xx
cnt believe the Jonas Brothers are back in the UK in 2 weeks or sumthink, so close to me and i cnt see them   
cnt find nuffin to wear ..  this sucks major booty lls
co: It's a bad time for cartoons. 
Coach B had a successful trip to Dynamite Classic. I am preparing for the TN VA all star game. I thought the summer had some down time 
Coach made me shave.  That made me mad. haha
coachella i want to go 
Coachella is coming to a close 
Coachwhips were the best band ever! I miss them 
cobb salad is supposed to have bacon on it! stupid panera 
cock fest in my room 
Cock! First time in years I want something from there and the Carousel chippy is closed 
Cocks, just realized that my iPod is sat on my desk at work. The light fingered security folk/cleaners will make sure it's safe, right? 
Coco is nibbling on my Hello Kitty mouse 
Coda crashes my system daily. Back to DW... 
code geass is over  still got Death Note
Codec drama solved. QT and FrontRow play all files gorgeously with no dropped frames. XBMC/Boxee not nearly as well. 
CodeIgniter Town Hall: http://tinychat.com/ci-town-hall (via @walesmd) I won't be there; going out, TinyChat doesn't work on iPhone 
coding can be pain in the ass sometimes 
coding some JSP on a 10 y old web app... beark 
Cody is in Dallas for the George Strait concert and I got to see him for two hours today!! Two hours out of five weeks 
Cody is in the hospital. 
cody jus left... sitting here dont feel too good  went and saw my car today i think im in love!!
cof Cof Cof!  
cof cof coooooooof 
cof cof.. 
Coffee &amp; Carrot Cake Slices... Mmm, still lost for ideas for art    help!
Coffee and out the door  is monday already and no holiday this week 
Coffee at Micky Dees is no longer Frees 
Coffee Break .. Nicest day of the weekend and I'm stuck at work 
coffee break. AKA.. getting coffee to sit beside me as I write.no actual break 
Coffee Cultures - not bad - busy - proves I need a new battery for my MBP 
at a kids party, but cant play, I have to be a responsible adult 
at a LOCK DOWN!! overnight 
At a loss for words. Found out an old friend was killed in a car wreck last year in Atlanta. Very devastating. Left behind 2 young boys. 
At a mall and we didn't know how we get back 
at a really awkard dinner now where i would DIE to be somewhere else.will rather be stuck having LPD than now  - http://tweet.sg
at a sleepover...really tired, was at the pool for 4hrs.. i think i got too much sun (head hurts) 
at a Sonic for the first time ever, and i cant even taste it because my allergies are really bad up here 
At a Sprint store with @Luz3r checking out the Palm Pre charger and case. Looks like they are sold out 
At a stand still  And I don't know what direction to turn to 
At a very cool movie theatre in sarasota. Last night at beach! 
At a wedding and i dont see the food yet 
At a wedding. yeah! 
At a wedding... No hot guys... 
At Abbies watching the messengers. Hope brytty starts to feel better. Diggin the iPhone update! Wants mms tho... 
At Adam's with everyone. Its @fidelcampbell's last day in town 
At Aladdin.. Very crowded today .. No fun 
at alicias still in bed with a hungry tummy 
At ams. Didnt get to see my besties at the assembly.  better see them tonight at the spring concert!
At an 80''S retro prom wishing HE was here to dance with!  I'm gonna miss his great dancing 2nite  but still having a blast &amp; a few drinks
Coffee not working. 
Coffee on an empty stomach...  working all day today because I agreed to work someones shift... Yay money! But is it worth being so gr ...
Coffee Plantation in Tempe is closing its doors  I spent soo much time studying there during my ASU years, sad to see it close.
coffee play... lots of coding left after spending my saturday playing with new iphone 3gs 
Coffee pot sounds kind of rough this morning, sounds like its struggling to survive. 
Coffee then pumping for jude's cereal, used up all my freezer stash 
coffee time - wish i had whiskey like @cameronreilly 
Coffee time again. Then off to drop off Pris to the airport     :bigcry:
Coffee time and battling with WordPress. It won't let me see images that have been uploaded through WP even though they are on the server 
Coffee went cold due to work. No time to get a new one 
Coffee with @melissius didn't work out. We need time away from the kids badly. 
coffee, coffee mmm. clouds have taken over my pool day plans  perhaps a hike in chautauqua instead...happy saturday everybody.
Coffee, coffee, coffee.  Happy monday 
coffee, criminology paper, english research paper, extra credit movie at the JC movie theater, Youth/ culture paper,. 
coffee, regis &amp; kelly, cleaning and laundry. I miss my fam 
Coffee...Coffee...Coffee! So glad to be back home! But now have to go to work!  Yuck!
bored on a fridaii night 
Bored on a Friday night. Is that even possible. I probably need to change my friends 
bored on a Saturday night. 
bored on a saturday night.... 
bored on this at 2:24 in the morning 
bored once more. Wish i had someone to go with tonight  Just me and dad i guess, how sad :L
bored out my mind 
bored out my mind with all this damn LEED studying!!... 
Bored out my tits, watching you've been framed and eating beans.. why is everyone working / busy 
Bored out of my damned mind  someone shoot me please
BORED out of my head !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bored out of my mind  wish i was even a little sleepy
Bored out of my mind at work 
bored out of my mind bleh 
bored out of my mind no of my friends are home 
bored out of my mind without my darling... 
Bored out of my mind!  LOL
BORED OUT OF MY MIND! Wasn't aloud to go to meet tonight. 
Bored out of my mind. 
bored out of my mind. I guess im paying the price for having so much fun yesterday. 
Bored out of my mind. Where's @shoolay? 
Bored out of my mind. Wish i could see my hubby today. 
bored out of my skull, booked another fecking test, earliset is june. Pft they're so lying - test centre has something against me  knobs
Bored outa my mind...someone entertain me 
Bored outmy mind on a Saturday night. What a crap weekend this has been 
bored outta ma mind! no one wanna call or text me! 
Bored outta ma mind. So wish i culd drive so i can go see matt.....  sad face. God y does ma life hav to suck so bad???????
bored outta mi mind....missing dustin  next weekend gotta go to mi moms for bugs b-day party!!! but have to get a tetna shot on tuesday 
Bored Outta My Head Wish I Coulda Stayed 
Bored outta my skull halo isn't even keeping me entertained 
bored outta my teeny lil brain so gonna watch a film. nothin else 2 do 
bored school sucks 
Bored shitless in re 
bored shitless n shittin it about my exam 2moro 
at an insane amount of food at @bombnomnom's dinner party... last day of our four day weekend tomorrow 
at applebees for my last dinner with drew for 2 1/2 months  I don't think I'm going to handle this well.....
At arbys, planning out todays shooting schedule. Unfortunately its not a nice day out 
at bandung...spending our last weekend..until the next 4 months to be together again.... 
At Barry Island for the day 
at Bazzas house watching gay wrestling  bring on some UFC
At below, that always makes me feel like crying  but not in a bad way. Becky's party tonight (Y)
at bfd! missed anberlin because of the SATS  but tbs is at 945 and aberlin signing at 345!
At bier market for some lame b-day. This is fratboy/university spot  boooo!
At BJ's with BG and Tai...they r taking way to long to bring my pazookie!! 
At Black Bear in White Plains for Heatherbee's birthday...came in madd late. Got a migraine and a knot in my neck. No drinks for mees 
Bored still not happy . ! 
Bored stuck at home  while hubby goes to the movies 
Bored the girls are talking about Taning!! Not fun at all I know we are girls but some talks are not important 
Bored tired and stressed ! Needing money like everyone else 
Bored to death 
bored to death at 1AM  -__- might as well sleep. i've got major eye bags. not even eye bags; more like luggage 
Bored to death at work. 
bored to death in hosp 
bored to death pleasantville isn't so pleasant in the rain 
Bored to death!!!! So close yet soo far away 
bored to death. wanna do something, anything FUN 
bored to death.. i'll be stuck with my facebook addiction for the next couple of days.. 
bored tonighttt. anybody got plans they want to invite me in??? 
Bored ugh :/ i miss veronica 
bored waiting for sam to finish taekwondo so we can go get something to eat 
Bored wanting to go park 
Bored watchin shite! Thirsty nowt to dwink! 
Bored watching Law and Order. Wanting sunday to come now.  I need a good night out with friends.
Bored with all the Horo and Haruhi stuff... On the other side, Katawa Shoujo complete would be awesome, but i'll have to wait until 2010 
bored with insomnia.....again 
bored!  don't think I'm ready to get back to work 
bored! bummed i cant go to transformers  the world is going to end.
Bored! Everyone has a tv in the house except me   guess I'll do dishes or something. Boo!
Bored! Facebook won't work 
Bored! Hate not being able to drive 
Bored! Have nothing to do today! Just Stand-ins for two actors....driving around in cars.....want to go home, but have to be stand-by.... 
bored! how come there is never anything good to do at lunch 
bored! i so wish i went to the ice skating rink  i miss mi frenndz :'(
BORED! I wish my mom was not a cow. I would be seeing Hedley in Belleville in like 2 days 
bored! ismy expression right now.. tummy rumbeling= hungry! and thats me! sad expression = me! I got hacked no more anything! 
BORED! Might go for another shower. I've well hurt my back 
Bored!! I wish I didn't have a curfew at 19!!!!!! 
Bored!!! lol text if u wanna do something tomorrow. kinda feeling friendless today 
BORED!!! want to go out but noones up for doing anything 
BORED!!!! doing hw also. blah. found a new obsession with a song. actually 2 songs. i can only buy 1.  the others not available on itunes
Bored!!!!!! Can't sleep with this stupid cough! 
Bored&amp;tired. Miss the stay-back time 
bored(N) in ict  wbu guys?
Bored, Abbey playing peek a boo &amp; doesn't want me to play  rejected by a 1 year old
bored, at home.. exams tomorrow 
Bored, bored, bored! Missing the Mr 
bored, bored, bored!!! got work soon 
Bored, bored, bored.  Still doing the old same thing!
bored, cold going to work 75% extra today and they already cut my shift short by like 2 hours!  = loss of $60
bored, dont have anythin to do today 
Bored, gemma is at work, didn't get to go to the summer ball, all alone 
bored, hurty head and school tomorrow  but i do have maths and Adv/higher Italian  good times to be had in those banterous classes (Y) x
bored, no one is on \line to talk to 
bored, nothing to do 
Bored, Tired and need to clean!  x
bored, wanting to go shopping or swimming but Aris had to work today 
Bored, was sewing but now RSI is troubling me 
bored,god i'm so bored...W disappeared again 
Bored.  Want me a job   SEND ME TO BOOT!!
Bored. And i really miss my friends. 
bored. asdfghjkl 
bored. bored. bored. neeeeeeed something to do 
Bored. Bored. Bored... I've started clock watching, so it's really going to drag now until 5:00 
bored. but not tired so not going to bed yet lol =P wish there was someone on msn that woud actually talk to me 
Bored. Can't sleep. Worried bout cayee. 
BORED. Footloose is on the T.V. Bought my new book for class.  What a waste of money!!
Bored. Got to be more to life than driving a bus gor 10hrs a day 
bored. i wanna talk to you 
Bored. i want to go to the beach. but its like an hour n half away. 
bored. in isolation  but im on the laptop all day
Bored. Made a load of money at the car boot. But apparently dont have enough for a concert. 
bored. might go to claras partyy! not sure tho i wont be able to swim  ugh.
Bored. No bracelet making today.  Maybe swimming?
bored. no ones online at 7:48 in the morning 
Bored. SONIC ! Want to Talk to the Sister Courtney but She's Moving and idk. the Number. .And the Bestie Ciara is Grounded 
Bored. Stomach ache 
bored. wish i was having a hoot hoot at paultons park too  gutted.
Coffeeeeee.  Did NOT sleep well at all last night 
Coin home soon...couldn't see my baby girl this week 
Coitadinho do iPhone 3G quando comparado com o 3GS... ouch!  #iPhone speed http://bit.ly/zBRif
coke zero was banned in Venezuela because it contains sodium cyclamate. my DNA 
Coke... 
Cokeine is looking for a job  â™« http://blip.fm/~8je2r
Coker is mad at me. 
Cold + Hangover = Not goood 
cold and horrible in lichfield! i feel really ill and want to sleep 
cold and rainy 
cold and rainy...again 
cold and sick  xo
Cold as F*ck!!! H8 this weather!! Feels like winter all over again 
Cold as you ....... 
cold bath sounds good right about now, too bad i have no bubbles 
Cold cold cold, damn cold outside 
cold cold day here in SÃ£o Paulo 
cold cold go away! 
Cold day :/ Studing all day long to the tests tomorrow 
Cold Day!! 
Cold feet &amp; cold hands... My heart is also not so warm  #BSB
Cold feeties, Brooklyn biting my ear and no more hot chocolate left 
Cold FX let me down 
cold hands. cold, cold hands. 
Cold has really taken grip today don't feel well at all   I have things I want to do and places to go. Took meds that will help I hope!
Cold one moment. Sweating the other. Feeling shabby. My stomach hurts (as usual) 
Cold pie is strangely unappealing. 
cold pizza &lt;3  and all nighter tonight  studyyyingg
cold rainy nasty day - after such a nice weekend 
Cold status- leaking nose &amp; eyes. Day and night tablets and one box of tissues. oh, and one very red nose 
cold weather can suck my dick. 
Cold wind at the fair but daughter and I were daredevils on the dodgems so worth braving - not sure about the hotdogs tho time will tell 
cold, tired, stressed, annoyed, irritated, getting sick... ugh, i hate life!!  can't wait till the weekend, i get to see people again...
Cold, wanna cuddle 
Cold. I hate time change. I haven't talked to Monicuh in years. 
Coldest day in the office and I forgot my jacket. Am going to freeze to death 
Cold-in-the-head. 
Coldplay tonight... and I'm not going. 
Colds, colds, colds cannot happen on Conspiracy night. 
colds... ouch! 
Coldstone &quot;lost&quot; order.  No fancy birthday cake for momma... Not good 
Coldstone is closed  they close at 10 on Sundays. BUT I gave them the pitiful face and they let me in. Got ice cream cupcakes!!!
Coldyyy @ the Beach!  and the Canucks Game is stresssn' me out!!!!!!!
Cole Hamels - no throwing today  perhaps tomorrow (fingers crossed)/Brad Lidge-threw today &amp; felt good! woo hoo no DL for Brad ready to go
Coletta's and No Country for Old Men. Being desserted tomorrow.  That makes me a sad panda.
Colettes 18th bday party tonight  I have nothing to wear  x
Colin just said devons funner than me 
Colin Powell rocked yesterday on CBS. Cheney needs to shut the hell up and go home.Powell is a man of Honor and served our country proudly
At Bolsa Grande's graduation for my cousin, i'm so cold 
At Bottle Tree Park (farm/park/playground?) now with family. @JoeAugustin hard at work at home tho 
At British airways desk in London. They oversold my flight, are trying to find alternate. At least 7 hours delay home 
At brittany's house. Again. I'm such a Bitch  Haha.
At buffalo wild wings with the fam our last dinner with christina before she goes back home tomorrow 
At Busy Chef in Essex for breakfast while I still can. She's only open for another month   Great food, uses local! #btv #vt
at camp Pinnacle really missin home, my family and friends and Nate! 
At CAPgemini in Aston - what a grey day too 
At Carmax trying to buy an 08 cobalt outcome not looking to good 
At Carroll Library doing intern stuff. Got called into work for a full day! More pay...yay!   Cant tan w/ Nicole though 
At carrows right now. Service is horrible. 
at charlottes. her noodles smell yummy, but she just informed me they av all been digested 
Collapsable cups and cupon cutters? Packing for camp is so stressful 
Colleen is not having a good time - she thought the second was meant to be easier. 
colleen's house with katie, then basketball in walpole and driver's ed 
college dont do a music course 
College in an hour  Shoot me, please.
College is so BORING especially when you've got a free and noone else has  x
college now 
College over but still have to study 
college prep homework. 
college today  then the gym a few more pounds to go
college work  almost at the end tho!! hmm where have these last 3 yrs gone! hopefully rugby starts again soon! i miss playing  x
Collin County Sheriff's Department wants to fly unmanned drones http://tinyurl.com/nrr7uw comments think it'll be used to monitor traffic 
Collin is driving through DC traffic all by himself today... what's the worst, he can't call me because I don't have a phone yet. 
Collins Avenue is nearly impassable between 24th Street and Lincoln Road. And the drivers are at their South Florida best  Stay away.
Colon Open Bracket  ï¿½ Cute ? http://blip.fm/~4kw25
colossal mascara made me lose half of my eyelashes on my left eye. I now have a bald spot on my eye 
coloured my dred. and it didnt work out well 
coloured my hair....except it dosnt look any different 
Columbus's own..KMB (Kustom Made Boys) openin up for Day 26 tomorrow.... lol.. well...  ima go show my support..for my columbus artists..
Com mtoooo friooooo ! 
com sono 
Comadre = playing in Akron tonight, and I'm not there 
combination of strong wind, buckaroo bike, and hot heat blew me up entirely, 48.8 at 12.4mph last 10 miles at about 10mph 
Comcast effin hates me! Come back, Internet!! Maybe its the fact that I live in the boonies...hmm... 
Comcast has been lying to me for a week now. Unless @ComcastBonnie can solve my problem, I'm looking for alternative service providers. 
Comcast sucks.
Comcast zip 21157 crawling since 1200 6/20. Reset modem and router, rebooted computers. Timed out sending note to support 
Comcast! what in the world happened yesterday around here? ever since yesterday, connection has been very flaky...  
Come back home is always the sadest part  http://twitpic.com/4h4kf
come back sun  i loveded you!
Come backkkkk  I hate when Will leaves. Sleepy time!
Come buy me breakfast.  At work waiting for time late day today.  yuk. 
Come Dine With Me is taunting me from next door 
come explain minor seconds to me please. 
come home from our football game last night. I got a bad concussion in the second quarter, so I couldn't fininsh the game. 
Come keep me warm 
Come mister tally man, tally me corona... daylight came and now it goes home  need more drinkies! 
come on #Squarespace  You know you wanna hook it up since i just lost my phone on Sunday 
bored. wishing i was in philly for the roh tapings 
Bored. Work very quiet today  would rather be busy.
Bored. Working on my midterm for summer classes...can't wait to be done 
Bored.. And twitters being gay 
Bored.. very bored, I actually need to do something about it.  Design's almost done, subpages almost ready, and then.. code 
Bored... its gonna be a longgg night. I miss Prom  May 29th 09' it's gonna last forever. xo
Bored... Too hot to go anywhere  Lame.
bored....anna slept over but had to go to soccer at 10:00! 
bored....huaaa~~~ so hungry... my tummy is grumbelin 
bored...and my tooth hurts 
bored...bad day yesterday...wana go swimming but i cant...  
bored...doesn't know what to do now that friends left my home... 
Bored...have nothing to do today 
Bored...no sims 3 midnight release after all... Drivin to north Carolina tomorrow so can't buy it till later  o well...
Bored...shoulda went to Ms Tootsies 
bored..everyone has left and gone out..and im stuck in 
boredd as helllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! jill and hannah are coming over laterr.... i miss my bfff 
Boredd so much college stuff to doo 
boredd, just made a video.. i think it was the most difficult one ever... too much emotions.. 
Boredd. Colddd  Internet keeps stuffing up
boreddd |-) toy story 3 in cinemas in 2010. ill have to pay the 15+ price by then  haha.
boreddd so i made a twitter 
boreddd! watchin big brother! half-wit does annoys me  LOL Looveee
boredddd sore lip  waiting for 3pm wanna talk to bradieeee&lt;3 ehe
boredddd. i wanted to go to school, i like school.. but it hurts to move 
Boreddddd on this beautiful day   Whassup fam!!!
Boreddddddd, I need a bf to keep me company 
boredddddddd, work tomorrow..  and sunday. i hate clarks
Boredness 
Boredness going to be bored over the weekend too 
boredom  makes you do retarded things ....i feel sorry for myself 
Boredom at work = me thinking about baking yummy sweets.. But I can't.  Day 6.. Can't wait for Day 14!!
Boredom has led to attempts at bicycling. But what is the point? All cute with nowhere to go and nothing to do. 
boredom really sucks 
Boredom!!!! Ugh! I wish I was sleepy 
Boredom. No one is here 
boredom..its a saturday and i have nothin to do  whys everyone being shit.
Boredoms will be playing on a cruise ship off the coast of Japan for a solar eclipse AND I WILL NOT BE THERE 
boredums much 
boreed  txt the celli if you dnt kno it just ask...
Boreedd 
Boreedd... Studying History!!! 
Boreeed  Going to school tomorrow.
boreeed :/ i hate my new hair. they were so long and now they are short :/ 
boreeedd  rainss shit no spoort 
boreeeed  i wanna go home
boreeeeeed 
boreeeeeeed, tired and thinking...&quot;Friday: chemestry test&quot; omg ! 
BOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED!!!!!!! Not happy 
Boriing xD BestFrend havent came up to Messenger O.o 
borin i feel like 2 mo0ro0w i have scl i dont feel like i started ma summer holidayz weird first time i feel like dat  miss scl already 
Boring   I want to go swimming :/
boring  and waitin'
boring  don't know wat to do ???
BORING !  again , again , and all over again !
Boring apartment waiting for my BF&lt;3 listening to the carpenters . Bored i miss my BF 
boring at work... 
Boring boring... Want to go home and draw a greeting card. But must be here at the seminar and listen about hospitals... 
Boring Day 
Boring day  Cleaned  room &amp; vaccumed hous.4 days &amp; I havnt seen any1 besids my parents. I feel like im in isolation!
Boring day ahead of me. Why do I have to do stuff when I'd be perfectly fine with chocolate milk and my music...? 
Boring day at school today  Ah well its over now, gunna write a blog post http://jakeunitt.com all feedback welcome =D
boring day today.. all my friends have gone out.. 
Boring day, crappy out 
boring day, with out sophie, could the day get any worst 
Boring day. I am now watching the history of ice cream. 
boring day... gay and lame 'world tour' day of the stupid school!  it's pathetic they're treatin us like 7 year olds! Borin author 2day...
boring days at target make me more depressed 
boring first day of internship...lots of paper reading and signing... blah! dreading 4 hours of class tonight. 
boring friday for me. hubby will be out wif his colleagues tonite n i m left wif no plans. 
Boring Homework 
boring meeting, this is really a monday  bummer
BORING MONDAY CAR BROKE DOWN @ HOME FROM WORK 
Boring starting work weekend soon................ 1st need to get a Tim Coffee so I can make it through this damn night shift........ 
Boring Sunday  N Work 2 Tomz  Just Got Lenkas And Enter Shakri Album 
boring weather outside  rain and shit
Boring weather today, no sun, but no rain either, just shade 
Boring! Almost 22:00 at night and I have no where to go 
BORING. i dont got tweets anymore 
boring... nothing to do now!!! 
Born and raised in NYC and living in Texas for the past 10 years!  I still miss NY 
borred! recital tomorrow! pumped but sad..just might be my last year of dance!  wow 11 years!
borreed 
BORREEEDDD!!! Annoyed with myself because i have done badly in all my exams so far 
borring wants too go out but no 1 out  how depressing the weathers ok but nothing too do 
BORROD TO DEATH  HELP ME  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Borrowing my cousin's speakers. But he's too selfish to lend it. 
Borrowing my Mom's Lenovo laptop The trackpad and the battery life suck balls for quarters. Seriously missing my MacBook Pro 
Bosbad was fun, hay fever's back again though, my eyes are all itchy and my nose is oozy, I hate hay fever... 
Bose Headphones + Flickerstick = Can't Sleep 
Boss is back.  No lunch for me 
boss is in san diego today. i hurried to work for no reason 
Boss is mad about me not going in to work on Sunday. 10 counts + 4 2's to do = me no life for the next 14 days 
bossseeeennn... 
Boston Bruins Matt Hunwick hospitalized with a spleen injury.  Damn, get well soon Matt. Why do the hockey God's hate the Bruins? Why?
come on 3.0 i waited up for you 
come on 5:30!!!!!!!! I can't take this anymore!!!!!! I wanna go home 
Come on apple! Where is that brand new OS you promised 
come on Apple, still no IM apps with push notification, still waiting for Beejive IM UPDATE 3.0 
Come on Apple.... Let us download the new iPhone update already. 
Come on blokes! I think the swine flu is keep boys out of the brothels 
come on bombers 
Come on CAVS!!!! they must not want it 
Come on England. Win or go home, oh that doesn't work 
Come on mum..hurry up!!! Wish I was going on holiday!! 
Come on now u know I'm not talkin bout u... Where u going? JK yes I'm talking about u 
come on penguins! dont crumble again 
Come on people I need to follow someone. It's unfair 
come on people talk im bored 
come on people. are we still writing on our profile pictures? 
Come ON Premiere. You take so long to render lately. Why? I iz upset 
Come on Shaiya~ spawn the boss already. I need to sleep 
Come on the l.a dodgers... can some one keep me informed as i live in England and we don't get baseball here 
Come on twittet friends I need help I don't know what to do 
Come on United!!!! Our boy Ryan not playing though.  I hope he's playing next Sat when I go.
Come on vidzone update  hurrrryyyy
Come on why is nobody replying to me?! Whats wrong with you people we used to be so close? 
Boston doesn't seem to believe in mini bars  But at least this room has some kind of coffee-making device.
Boston Marathon today.  Too bad Madison doesn't celebrate 
Boston's Hot Dog Safari at Suffolk Downs is tomorrow and I'm missing it  Go if you can!
Bostons SUPER raining..But my haiiiir n im in a dress n heels..Im so cold so co co cold N they got the ac on.. 
Both G &amp; I luv &quot;The Proposal.&quot; Bullock: awesome! But, serious color correction for film!  Several scenes with drastic color variation 
Both kids are coming down with something.  Running fevers and don't want to eat anything.. Poor little munchkins. 
Both knees are sore 
both maclaren out of qual, that team has some work to do! 
Both movies tonight were pretty bad  lol they were the two I said I wasnt going to watch too.
Both my daughters are sick today. Bummed that we may not make it to @joesfarmgrill as originally planned 
both my mom and i agree that we want to spend today just laying around watching movies. but people are coming over. no fun 
Both my puppies were sleeping with their paws in the air this morning. So unbelievably adorable!  ** the ruling on prop 8 makes me sad. 
Both my teams lost yesterday  but it's cool. Another interesting day at work
Both Obama and I were in New York City this weekend - i didn't see him though ... No sightings of Prince Harry either. 
both of my ankles hurt 
Both of my brothers are graduating. But i have to do finals 
both of the gran turismo trailers were pre-rendered. shame 
both restaurant city &amp; bejeweled are down! 
both the computer, the couch and food.  
Both Twitterfon and Twitterena is freezing my IPhone ~ any help, suggestions, reasons, solutions?  I feel sooooo lost!! *sigh*
At chick fil a doin inventory and month end package  kind of lonely job...
At Chick-fil-a after Chels' dance class. Eating here is what I imagine being on Weight Watchers is like 
At Childrens Hosp. Daughter has possible appendicitis. Admitting messed up and thought we were already in triage. 
at chilis wit my son...nothing to do today because its raining outside.. 
at chilis... johnny stop ignoring me 
at chipotle with kelly and debbie. not getting anything though, i need to save up money 
At chula  . . But i cant find p'ploy yet 
At church for the da Last tyme in LA til nxt tyme..  
at church...not feeling very well at all 
At church..trying not to fall asleep, but its really warm in here 
At cinci airport just finished eating sbarro waiting to board my flight to houston..  Missing steve and the cats already.. 
at class again 
At class. Then working all day  At least the weather is crappy..
At closing ceremony for Be Wise. I hate that It's over. 
At CLT airport getting ready 2 fly to MO 4 my grandfather's funeral. Looking forward 2 seeing my family. Miss Craig &amp; the kids already 
At coldstone creamery drowning sorrows. Thank god for 24 hr places. 
at college 8 watching kreeluh mae pack her things. 
At college waiting for the mother to come and pick me up  Can't wait to see Warren later, Love you baby x x x
At College, Bored Out Me Brains! Not Fair How Everyone Else Goes Back Tmro!!!!   
at collegee boreed in science class!! 
At colllege  BORED OUT MY HEAD!
at community park eating free tacos... but they're all gone  http://twitpic.com/6us8z
at cornet! she is going absolutely nuts and it is super cold 
Bottom is in site for global commercial real estate according to RCA http://is.gd/13A2L Sadly...recovery isn't in sight though 
bou to hit the ZZzzz! hate life . eat mcdonals . sleep . thats my life . dosent it sound wonderful?...  anyway bye Twit Bugs!!!&lt;3-Devonna
Bought a book. gnoriB! Why the hell did I buy this!? Miss talkin to @bouvier23. Damn credits! 
Bought a DSi tonight and Rhthym Heaven. Holy crap! Very addictive. Played for 2 hrs straight. Now I'm going to be tired all day tomorrow. 
bought a fake Blur record. i don't deserve to live 
Bought a gap shirt and now im broke  - http://tweet.sg
Bought a lilac tree, and some huge shrubs for Jazz's garden after we bury her tonight. Thinking about my friend &amp; the loss of her dog too 
bought a mothers day present and a chocolate crossiant. whoops I forgot about the ksubi sale 
Bought a new couch yesterday . I only have to wait 16 week ... Last day of the beautifull weather they say  again  
Bought a new door without hinge recesses  Contemplating making my own because I'm too lazy to take it back.
Bought a purple shirt and plaid shorts to go w/it at aeropostale today. Tried to buy The Alison Rules book but couldn't find it @ waldens 
Bought a really cool dress and some other stuff. Still no phone 
bought another bumgenius one size pocket diaper today. chris yelled at me  haha.
bought flowers for a friend recovering from colon surgery--but the &amp;^%$ flowers won't be shipped til the week after! 
bought new climbing equip. had to go with scarpa veloce shoes and petzl corax harness. 5ten verde are way to small 
come on, just start already! 
Come on, nadal dropped out of wimbledon! 
come on... drop by 1  58. twitter.com
come on... drop by 1  62. slideshare.net
come on... drop by 1  67. marketingwithrenee.com
come on... drop by 1  72. jumptags.com
come on... drop by 1  76. myselfroad.com
come on... drop by 1  83. trytomakemoneyonline.com
come on... drop by 1  95. blogratings.com
come on... drop by 2  105. wordpress.com
come on... drop by 2  106. ardhindie.com
come on... drop by 2  110. thesulumitsretsambew.com
come on... drop by 2  55. sulumitsretsambew.biz
come on... drop by 3  82. blogmarks.net
Come out of the closet and please stop making those terrible Mission Impossible movies... < $ BlogBacklinkTitle $ > < $ BlogBacklinkSnippet $ >.
come out to bleu its dead 
come see closing day of Realm!! 2:00 and 8:00. Final UArts show 
Come see into the woods! columbus state students get free tickets, i told wrong information  its at 7 30 tonight and 3:00 sun. im in t ...
Come to bed 
come to think of it.... its already almost been 3 weeks.. not easy  but doing good 
at cousins party with a bunch of kids 
At D6 till end of June, shall miss all the RnD and ZOMG ppl  and dick van dyke!
at dA crib wishiN I was 0ut pArtYIN 
At daddies   kinda bored missing some one  BESTIEEEEEE IS BEING A FAG !!!!! :o lol
At daddys shop... Bored 
At dance and not in the right mood to do it 
at dance recital number two...the end 
at danielleâ€™s house, sleeping over. iâ€™m sleeping over here because my mom has to go to reno for work and she canâ€™t bring me. 
at dans gloomy day  love saturday
At dans. I want some crap to eat!  Im proper boiling too!
At deans, gerrin ready for leeds. My cold got worse 
At deee movies. Didnt get to see my boy tonight..  probably will tomorrow though. Excited.
At Denny's by myself, getting some grub to go. So I need a wife before I move to LA cause I heard a good girl in LA is hard to find? 
at dennys with everyone... lol. i'm all sleepy 
At Denver, delayed. 
at dinner break right now, have not won a pot in forever, down to 13k now  But still fighting!!!
At dinner with @nickrp! I've got an excellent view of the tv here. And of the Rays losing.  - Photo: http://bkite.com/08GOH
at dinner with my family. Adam come homeee! 
At Disneyland, but not going in. My heart hurts. 
Bought Radio Shack brand cordless phone (Presidian) it SUCKS SUCKS SUCKS.  Tech support can't help either.  Taking it back today  
Bought some beer. We're going to play BeerioKart tonight. I cried guys.  I don't want him to leave, and neither does he.
bought some pretty summer clothes ... what's the betting it rains for weeks now !! 
bought some very healthy vegan meal replacement stuff, &quot;natural plant-based formula&quot; tastes like dirt 
Bought Sql,Pl/Sql by Ivan Bayross !! Have 2 study now 
bought the book My Sister's Keeper and hopes to read it, but 2 of my girls have overtaken it!  
Bought the wrong battery, can't drift tonight  http://yfrog.com/14rxzej
bought three types of cupcakes today from fleur-de-lys. i dont like the packaging tho! ruining the beautiful cupcakes  distorted i tell u!
Bought too much food today 
Bouncing Rush makes me feel nauseous 
Bouncy balls work until you try to &quot;bounce&quot; the 'tender ... And then you lose privileges.  
Bout 2 die after two b-ball games...!!! Damn I'm outta shape!!!! 
Comedy Central just reran the roast of @WilliamShatner; fucking epic!  Sad to see Farrah and Carradine though 
Comercials are funny. And i hate the fuckn scary ones and now im scared 
Comet hates thunderstorms.   http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5621539
Comets go down 12-10  #qrl
Comfort food at West 5. Still not comforted over misplaced wallet 
Comfort food...    ... BUGGER BUGGER BUGGER followed by several other un typable words if I am still considered to be a lady....!!!
comforting drewsky...listening to a 4 month old's cough is heartbreaking!  
Comforting my 2-year-old that recently broke her arm 
comfy chair is love! i have flu  i hope no one run away from me. - http://tweet.sg
Comic shop didn't have Batman and Robin #1 though 
comics prolly gonna update Monday since my girlfriend will be leaving town for a week soon. 
Comin back from the mall didnt get anything cause i have no money and stuff  but tuesday is pay day ilu ~Joshy~
comin home... 
Coming back from an interview for HND Practical Journalism. 150 people have applied for 20 places. I wont know til August! 
Coming back from rental. Don't feel we were all that productive. Gotta go back tomorrow 
Coming back home today  but at least ? get to chat w?th all my peoples again! I m?ss you Neesha and Jasmine!
Coming back to school tomorrow 
coming down 
Coming down from the 5 day weekend. Boo!! 
coming down with a cold... need to go home 
Coming home from Myrtle Beach 
coming home from school, we passed @Kiery_Deary twice, and he didn't see me  and i also forgot he had glasses again xD lol
at dog park with Hazel, as usual no small dogs in small dog run.   
At Drs. Office... Again 
At dusseldorf waiting for Ana to come on stage!!! Evertbody has seats, no bloody chance to stand in the front with all the fans  suxxxxxx
At eldest's trophy football presentation. He's left 4 another team so thinking he's a bit out-of-place 
At Empire again. Was actually asked about Hedge Funds though and my seniors aren't around to save me! 
At ernies's. Last official lunch with the Class Officers, before we graduate tomorrow. 
At eye doctor...Eyes dilating...can't see iPhone screen very well 
at f***** work  .... want somebody to come ???
at Famima. ..it's my shitty substitute for Marukai  
At first friday alone. 
At first I thought this was a crazy BendMeOver email, nope just spam  http://bit.ly/I8nsq
At first typed in the cat...would of been more exciting sorry for the disapointment! 
At Fore Play, sports bar in Portland, Maine. Gotta be at airport around 4:30am.. flight leaves at 6am. To Washington DC, then Detroit. 
At fx doing SE project 
At Gammage seeing Chitty Chitty Bang Bang with @SUNDEVILFLYBOY. My face is still numb  so I'll be laughing out of the left side
At gatwick airport and not even flying  made friends with the parking attendant tho so don't have to pay for parking!
At Gatwick. Watch on BST, body 8 hours behind on PDT 
At goggle works.. Working yay  one more hour
at Gonsenheim, it's stau time  - http://bkite.com/06H1g
At Good Samaritan hospital recovering from back surgery... missing the fresh air and learning to walk again 
Bout 2 leave the pool. No tan 
Bout 2 meditate n hit the sack! Its early but my tummy hurts 
Bout 2 Miss Mah Lakers Play 2day...  This Orange Box Is Fuckin Up The Rotation!.. Mah Real LA Fam.. Keep Me Posted!.. I LOVE HATERS 2!!
bout to attempt to go to sleep wish me good luck tomorro i got two finalz.. 
bout to b in a NO twitter zone, allllllll day 
Bout to board the plane 
Bout to drop some clothes @ tha dry cleaners...yayy another bill 
BOUT TO EAT SUM ICE CREAM AND WATCH A SAD MOVIE. NITE TWITTER WISH MY GIRLS WERE HERE 
bout to get a gym membership so i can start gettin back in shape...if only i had a workout buddy 
bout to get in the tub, then off 2 work.. 
bout to get off the night shift. i hate being out to sea and i miss my baby 
bout to go clean up..how wonderful does that sound!! 
bout to go homee  ; really dont want to . hit the jack if yu got the number .
bout to go pay some bills then stop at the hair shop and then the nail salon...YAYYYYY i miss doin this every 2 weeks! 
Bout to go see Up. Wish I was in LA @ the SummerFest to see Varsity Fanclub  Hope they have an awesome time!
Bout to go to a relative's wake... 
Bout to go to anatomy lab and take tests  &lt;3Tabi
'Bout to go to bed. So far this is gonna be the worst B-day ever... 
Bout to go to longview.... 
Bout to go to practice. Gotta do a whole lot of conditioning  but it will pay off later
bout to go to school..cant wait to pick up my dog later on today!!!.... but i have to go to work 
bout to go to sleep...missin the Boo 
bout to hang out with whitney, hubby has work tonight 
bout to head back to my room after this game..then it's bedtime gotta wake up early 
Bout to head out in spend a lil alone time with my baby Hammieâ„¢ on his 1st birthday while my other 2 kids are gone jus left us alone 
bout to head out on d town n charlotte. gonna be a lonely nite yall 
'Bout to head to bed. I'm so burnt evrywhere!  But at least I'll gain a tan outta it! Can't wait for Friday morning!! 
bout to head to practice for show friday at DROM nyc...my tummy hurts 
Bout to head to urgent care both mom n me. 
bout to head to work 
Bout to hit pmark then make one of my final meals wit the housemates.. 
Coming home from the Belmont my horse naturally lost 
coming home from the lake with kelsey 
coming home. super loud  but i got a coooooool shirt 
Coming home...  what a buzzkill
Coming into the office I had the frst customer with a friendly complaint on the phone. But I least I got a coffee now. ;-) No sun's out! 
Coming near to the end of our last day of school 
Coming to terms with a 100% full flight and a middle seat 
Coming up with band name is tough  anyone any suggestions??
COMM essay is tiring me out. 
commasplice103 no clue  I really wish I had an iPhone now. It's lonely enough here at night with power when I can talk with people
comment on my FB: &quot;just quit your day job and go to concerts and shows full time.&quot;  I wish. 
Comments complimenting new haircut: 0. Comments criticising new haircut 2. By both my folks. Looks &quot;too boyish&quot; and &quot;was better long&quot;. 
Comments don't appear to be working on my blog today. Sorry.  Hope it gets fixed soon.
commercial shoot was cancelled until next week  too gray outside for a nice shot of the building. dressed nice for NOTHING! jk. its cool.
Comming home tomorrow 
Commiserations to Naracoorte Cricket Club 
commissioning the knee brace for the first time since mid-march. i lasted longer than i thought i could, but still. 
commiting a suicide by cutting veins while drunk 
Commitment. Waaay too much slipping into next iteration. And beyond 
-commits suicide mums making my hair blonde not red. i don't want blonde! 
Commodore wasn't too social... some sort of private birthday party.  It's sadly become a chip's n' salsa night with fuzzy TV.
Common Apple Already, do we really need to wait for the californians to wake up and Jam the servers? 
common denominator of my last two not-feeling-well-moments, OYSTERS!  Someone tell me what to do   (via @mwfishman) if good place, allergy
common denominator of my last two not-feeling-well-moments, OYSTERS!  Someone tell me what to do because i don't want to stop eating them 
communication was the down fall of Romeo and Juliet and also the down fall of John and Kate 
community radio fuck-up. arrrrgh! last week's shown is playing guys, sorry 
commute in the rain 
commute music : nothing, i forgot my fucking ipod 
Commuting again!   then picking up kids.
Comp just died. 
compared laptops with my wife and I noticed my lcd is yellowish compared to her monitor.  http://plurk.com/p/sy0lq
Competition today was disappointing !  could have done better!!
Complaining to the council about refuse collection. Don't actually expect them to do anything though 
complete tech nightmares today. 3 (of 6) PC's down. Now tweetdeck is just totally blank  I should be an IT Manager. Or perhaps not :-|
Bout to hit tthe gym...maybe...still sore from yesterday 
Bout to knock out. Feelin a lil sick  peace y'all
Bout to lay down and watch a movie...not a good day 
bout to leave  @teespeight :z  @marleykid i'm about to come ur way so u need to wake up
Bout to leave for europe  i hate goin overseas to play shows. Oh well 11 days aint bad
'Bout to leave the track. 
bout to pick up sum pizza....I know its late..... 
Bout to start a 9:45 - 7:15 shift....fucking kill me please 
Bout to start work 
bout to take a nap. became &quot;that&quot; person, the party pooper cuz of someone else. Everybody parted ways cuz of me. 
Bout to take a nap... My tummy hurts 
bout to take my dog for a walk kinda tired aswell went training this morning 
Bout to take Sarge back to the vet to get more meds. I hate seeing him so depressed and in so much pain. My poor puppy 
Bout to wash dishes  ugh
bout to watch Harlem Nights by myself cus my boo is out of town 
Completed today's release - now to squash some bugs 
Completely and utterly inlove with him . hes my everything at the moment but hes further than it seems. 
Completely annoyed that I can't sleep and the satellite has been knocked out by the rain. 
completely bored on a saturday !  Beau i Still love you ! 
Completely Bummed today is the last day of vacation 
completely bummed.  I'm stuck in a ford focus for the weekend.  My car's in the shop.  
completely destroyed my knee  hurts like a muthafucka! lol  but a good run tho.....and now for breakfast.
Completely forgot that Trav wanted to play XBox tonight 
Completely forgot to mail a friend RE: .jp sites yesterday.  
Completely late in getting something for Father's Day.  I don't know what to buy.
completely missed my chance, yeah ? yeah. 
completely missed the team lunch today. Staying up till 7am does that 
Completely over slept  meant to get up at 730, actually got up at 820 and was out the door at 828... Yay for vbc
Completely put out and just done 
Completely shattered my iPhone screen 
Completely slept thru alarm- woke up at 640am. Flight from newark-calgary. 8am. 
Completely underestimated the number of commuters taking summer classes. Starting off the day late 
completely wet  played tennis in the rain, it felt good. hahaha  ..
Completely without phone service  AT&amp;T has cluster flubbed it
Completing another tebuild of a pc before getting my head Dow to do some work 
complicated 
compling the NHS London KPI's again  but soon I'll be done then time to try out new joystick 
computer back to making aweful sounds.  I think it's dying.  
computer back... yay!!! phone still dead though 
Computer crashed hard 
computer dead, laptop useless, studio not up and running have to cancel this weeks Haunted Downunder 
computer froze  lol damit ppl i HOPE YOUR ALL HAVING FUN AT SOCIAL  i didnt get to go  so sad
Computer has all day claimed 100% percent wireless connection but safari &amp; msn say no. In bed sick, just want to play snood  help
computer has hit the wall. need a reformatting. first off i need a new external disc drive 
Computer has only been on an hour and it has switched off twice. Need to book an appointment 
Computer in my office crashed 
computer in the shop 
Computer is still acting up. Trying 2 fix it. 
Computer is UP N RUNNING AGAIN! WHoO! LOL have my niece's parade this morning then i have to go pick up my STUPID CAR that died on me 
Computer isnt working 
Computer isn't working 
Computer just crashed 
computer just spazzed. feeling lonely  i miss him... sadly... he probably dosen't care.
Computer making funny noises ... damn 
Computer problems again? This bytes 
Computer repairman lost my hard drive    starting off free &amp; clear WoW!
computer shopping. pfft back to the stupid desktops, laptops aren't cool enough to play the sims 3 
computer virus ruined my week 
Computer/internet is hating me tonight... I swear. And I can't find my USB cord for my sidekick 
computercrash, Studio Down until Monday 
computers at work are ubbbeerrr slow  &amp;&amp;starting to miss those conversations.. hmmm....
Computers broken still   also still need sum1 2 go 2 the blink show with me. Free ticket! Txt? 209 735 1135
Computers playing up again! 
compy is back up and running!!! but at half the ram. 
Con mx518 ch?a gï¿½ ?ï¿½ b?nh r?i  tr??c gi? ch?a b? bao gi?, ?ang xï¿½i t? nhiï¿½n tu?t DPI
conan being on at 10:30 realllllly messes up my nighttime viewing habits. 
Conan better be good on the Tonite show,but he still won't be Jay 
conan funny but i still miss jay 
Conan O'Brian is looking so old  bit scary how long I've been watching him...
Conan O'Brien was pretty hilarious but I still miss Jay Leno 
At GOODIES Carry Out! I don't see anything Healthy On the Menu Tho! 
At graduation. Sombody house is burn dwn. 
At Grandma's house. She's letting this place got to hell. And one of her dogs just peed all over Alyssa...stupid chihuahua   
At grease now, waiting around for last scene. I'm excited for it, but i'm really tired 
at green grove once again.... close to gb-ing.. someone drive me home   http://twitpic.com/7ro3i
at g'ville dr. bb game..but can't post pics yet  fun park..bosox would be proud of their team here 
At gym, aarrgghh so tired 
At Hapuna without my camcorder  http://tinyurl.com/l4bl7k
At Harry &amp; Kims BBQ. Tommy Flannagan was supposed to show up but he can't make it. 
at helle's house, hoping helle will make poor me some tasty food becouse I'm hungry 
At her cubicle 
at her last night at OG.  I'll miss you guys...
at holly's  asif i have to wait till quater to 9 to see the zutons  why couldnt they be on earlier its too cold !!
at home .. not happy .. 
at home again. DYING to get out of here  doesnt know if she shoud drive though :-\ ughh.
At home all day long....  Cant wait to get my car back will cruise to the beach then yipee...  x x x x
At home alone watching a movie 
At home and figure out what i'm going to cook 
At home and getting ready to go to work.  
At home and sick. 
at home and sore knee 
At home and working again. Gonna be a crazy busy week and a half before I go on holiday 
at home being bored nothing to do! 
at home bored nothin to do 
at home bored trying to find something good on tv...grrrrrrrrrrr i can't sleep 
at home bored. need somethin to do 
concerned about weather for wednesday at pinnacle... I won't be there until noon30 
Concert strike sucks 
concert was amazing! but im very tired right now  sweet dreams!
Concert went well. My wrist is hurting really badly all of a sudden. 
Conclusion: I need a new way to charge my eeePC 4G, it seems. Wart shows 10V drop at barrel plug, but 0.5V as soon as it hits a load 
conclusion: the cookies you buy at the supermarket by no means compares to those from Dunkin Donuts 
conexion del demonioo! 
Conference blogging dbate cont. on Genetic Future blog.Who knew it would b this interesting? Missing @girlscientist   http://bit.ly/13XTiW
Conference call after conference call.  
Conference call with HP.  They gave me an invalid pass code so I can't attend 
conference over, less than a day of California left 
Confession time...I did not make it to the beach for yoga or journaling last night. It was kind of chilly and I was not feeling it 
Confession. #worstwifeever @forrestfyr needed ride because of rain and I couldn't find him. Hope you weren't soaked hun. 
Confession: I changed computers and don't know who anyone on my IM buddy list is since I rename people. Original AIM names confuse me now 
confidence shot downnn again. 
at home doing nothin wishing i coud tlk to my BFF but shes at camp 
at home doing nothing. 
At home doing the new Iphone OS 3.0 update! So excited to play with the new software! just mad that MMS and tether doesnt work 
at home due to stomach ache  but I need to finish drawing today...
at home eating lunch, gonna do a LOT of studying today! blah!.. no beach today i dont think so.. its not hot enough 
at home getting bugged...nothing much to do.  
At home hurting and ready 2 cause severe pain to others! 
at home in bed caught a stomach virus from my little one.  This is no fun 
At home in bed its 3:30am and cant sleep 
at home in bed today       soooo boring, home alone and having withdrawal symptoms from not being in a suit and working
At home in the bed...I sick 
At home just watching Ellen Weather is soo bad rainy 
At home missing Charles, gonna go to bed sad. 
At home most of d weekend drowning in Grey's Anatomy n House DVDs. Nursed really bad abdomenal cramps 
At home not feeling well, have alot on my mind... Ugh.... 
at home now, really tired... 
At home now. Didn't wanna leave bestfriend's house  It was fuuuunn(: Gonna go now. Goodnight twitter.
At home now. I still feel sick 
At home now. Need to make my bed before I can sleep in it 
at home on a friday night it sucks 
AT HOME ON A FRIDAY NITE 
At home really bored. Nothing to do on a friday night 
at home recovering from strep throat and or virus 
At home resting after playing in softball tournament. Bad thing is I think I busted my pinkie and ring finger sliding head first at home 
at home revising 
At home rocking Libby to sleep.  I think she is getting sick 
at home sick 
at home sick   I hate being sick. can't do anything. dam it! Got to watch the Lakers
At home sick  Chicken noodle soup&lt;3
configuring things 
confirmation tomorrow. what to wear?!?! i wish i could go to the concert and see my friends perform 
Confirmed: it looks like someone in a platform shoe tore her knee up and wasn't able to walk on it this morning. Poor thing. 
Confrence all day today. No time for fun 
confuse.. confuse.. confuse... and lost of words 
CONFUSED @-) 
confused about how to upload a picture on this thing 
Confused about what to do 
confused about what to doo 
Confused and concerned 
confused and don't know what to do 
confused as helllll. where are my answers? help 
confused between Ford Fiesta and Ford Fusion  anyone with any ideas?
confused myself in all the excitment and ordered an iPhone 3g not 3gs will have to send it back 
confused on life. ugh something does not feel right 
confused with twitter. how use it?? hmphh.. 
CONFUSED! gotta think right 
confused, angry, anxious and on top of everything LONELY 
Confused.. 
Confused.. is this feeling right.. Or wrong? I just don't wanna get into the same trap as before.. 
confused... we STILL HAVE to pay money for the upgrade even if we got the iphone 3g already?  AT&amp;T your a straight up ho.
confused.....           i don't know you yet but i'm loving you still you're here...
confusedddd :'( huaaa stresss 
confuseeed 
Confusion in the studio! Why can't people just handle their shit right!! Aaargh! 
confuzzled.... 
congested nose 
Congested, slight fever, &amp; coughing! 
Congrats @elyselindgren! I still have a ways to go 
congrats @pedro_munoz  on the win. Ichiro strikes out. M's lose. Ichiro's streak ends at 27 games. 
bout to watch some Weeds w/o weed...shucks 
bouta hop on da plane n head back home. ima miss danait 
Bow wows fans must be 15  aww damn @ ed mcmahon! Double 
bowl of cherries full of water in the freezer to chill cuz i love fruit cold, it's 75% frozen and i can't get my cherries  FML
Bowling Party was awesome! i am going to miss everyone!!! Graduation tomorrow!! 
Bowling with a bunch of friends. But I'm cramping so bad  at least my legs aren't still sore.
Bowling with my son's little league football team....and dude I f'in SUCK  *Super Sexy*
Bowling! I suck 
Bowling, MLB 09 The Show, and Soulcailber all gamed this afternoon... Too bad he had to go home 
Bowling. I'm going to dread it 
Bowling: Dude on the lane next to me is busting ass something FOWL! And singing along with the country 
Boxing night! Miss danny &amp; keila - just not the same w/o them  
boy do I miss you  @HOTtamaleTRAIN
boy do i want an uncharted beta code  lol  does anyone have any xtras for a guy like me??
Boy enjoying today, weather is great and I'm inside studing' just slipt on a mag on my floor and spilt my drink down myself. Not happy  ;o
boy has chickenpox, for crying out loud!!! only just got my daughter well and back to school 
Boy I am having a tough time right now.. 
Boy I wish I could do the 48 hour reading challenge! Too many errands to do tomorrow though 
Boy loves shopping about as much as his dad   http://twitpic.com/6bqbp
Boy made me a hot milk and vanilla syrup, suspicious that the milk is off though 
Boy oh boy, was taught an expensive and painful lesson... I never want an allergic skin reaction ever AGAIN 
Boy! Twitter really not like'in me right now. 
boy, did i pick a race to back Button...that's 10quid down backing a British victory at the last race in Silverstone  Well done RedBull
Boy, Newcastle is pretty much going to the Championship next season, huh? 
Boy.....Tobruk...way to turn  insult into injury.  
Boycott Mission Impossible-Tom Cruise is evil.: -(.....
boyf bought a new laptop charger so i can finally use my laptop for more than 30mins a day! can't believe what he paid though 
Boyfriend brought me breakfast, but now I have to study 
BOYFRIEND come back to CT 
Boyfriend going home in two hours. 
Boyfriend hates jb 
boyfriend in Washington, i'm so bored 
boyfriend is home sick  wishing i could leave work &amp; take care of him.
boyfriend is moving always idont know what to do 
boyfriend is moving to colorado this fall for a year 
Boyfriend thinks I need to scale back on FB and get more exercise. Probably good idea, since my mom asked if I'm pregnant. Sadly just fat 
boyfriends cell phone is off. i know he's working on his sermon.... but i want to say hey and check in with how the rest of his day went 
Boyfriend's employer, goes bankrupt this morning.  http://bit.ly/lYLh7
boyfriends gone for like 5 days...  listening to those jonas boys ; they always get me in a better mood &lt;3
Boylet already went home.  BUT WE HAD FUN! 
boys  nothing tragic lol sorry if it seemed like that!
Congrats cousin! I wish i was there! 
Congrats Diversity. Shame for Susan Boyle though. 
Congrats Grace- You've ruined your eyes for today... Enjoy the reward of them being all red, calmmy and puffy... (Y) I hate hayfever :O 
CONGRATS SHINEE!! Omg Onew T-T and taemin's hair is weird 
Congrats to all '09 graduates!!! Wow, it doesn't seem like I graduated a year ago! Where did the time go? 
Congrats to diversity, i wanted stavros flatley to win 
at home sick  down buzzzz
At home sick today  Eurgh.. hate being sick...
At home sick with a lousy cold 
at home sick! 
at home sick..............blah blah blah.....i hate the year program and the extended project... 
At home taking care of my baby#2... he might have to go to the hosp... 
At home thinking this might be a painting day 
at home today...sick as a dog 
at home tonight and still feelin like caca 
at home trying to figure this Twitter thing out. 
at home trying to study for her last two finals tomorrow 
At home watching a movie!!! I miss the noice of my old house!!! Miss my sisters and lil bro! 
At home watching spongebob , i want a bf 
At home with a migraine!!!   &lt;V&gt;
At home with a sick baby who has conjunctivitis...fingers crossed we don't get it 
At home with mom and her crippled, useless back...  kinda bored too http://myloc.me/22z3
At Home with my kids...They are passing the Flu around 
at home with my sad and sickly doggy 
At home with my sick mink today.  Poor little guy, he's such a troopa though.
at home with my son...another rainy day 
At home with Noelle . Haha . Longest ride home of my life ! Laying in bed . My phone is broken ! Yay ! 
at home without my queen     
AT HOME!  @Leathon619
At home! Going to work on project soon! 
At home! Looking for a new job! 
at home! my back hurts so much! i wanna take a nap , but guess what? the bf's coming over .. 
At home, and I miss my boyfriend like crazy! 
at home, but a little angry 
at home, but lost? 
Boys are so confusing 
boys are so Damn stupid 
Boys came thru..guess the partys over. Haha. WITH a gahdamn bottle on the way! Boo 
Boys can go fuck themselves, selfish nasty fuckers only out to stitch you up man. I wanna cry 
Boys in the bath, then off to bed! Can't wait for Bloomin' Fest tomorrow...hoping the weather is good! Looks bad for Sunday 
Boys Like Girls - Thunder video is one of my all time favorite ; reminds me of good times with people I love &lt;3 i miss it 
Boys lost their last regular season game.    It was a rough season.
Boys off to Lords for the day, strangely liberating.  But still have hedges to save   But fresh air will do me good.     
boys suck ! :S   
Boys suck &quot;/ Knew it was all going too well, but it's all really not fair  Jonas Brothers (L)! MCFLY IN 3 DAYSSS! 
boys suck, fml . 
Bozz and I in the car,to the Supermarket.A taxi suddenly came from an intersection.Bozz swerved.I shouted.heard a thump!Car got minor hit 
BP at Mercury before my 2D echo ... 140/80  2D Echo was ok.
BP Only half over&lt;3 My throat hurts  Who cares!
br nyampe, demammm huhu 
braces hurt!Waiting for someone to come  What will i do while he's here? wants to see veryoddperson.misses friends and is lonly
BRACES!! ouch 
Braces. Ow. Boo. 
Bracing myself for flood of students coming in for their grades today. About 700 of them 
bracing myself for the moment i miss the apprentice final      , very un happy
Brad pitt moved out from his house  Edward is in a love triangle with Kristen stewart and some aussie woman.
brad smith jumps bandwagons 
congrats to lakers!! seems like the series ends here. I was hoping a longer series. More fights from each side. sigh. 
Congrats to niece Courtney having her grad bash back in ohio. Couldn't get to both in one day 
congrats to Storm and Dream! Leaving DC tomorrow 
congrats to the seniors! aw 
at home, doing some paper work 
at home, having a cold and sore throat 
at home, hungry.... 
At home, I have a headache, it's raining 
at home, nothing to do this weekend 
at home, sick 
at home, sore throat 
at home, want to meet PCD at Hotel in Jakarta 
At home, with a cold 
At home. Bored and tired  Don't wanna go to skool tomoz
At Home. Bored. Sooo many questions. God get me through this stage. I don't like it. 
at home. have very sore feet. and am sad because the sale of my grandas house just went through. miss you 
At home. In bed. With a cold. Life sucks. 
at home. went to graduation. sad. gary... 
at home. wishin my boyfriend was here 
at home.. about to go.... nowhere.  so bored.
At Home.. Sick 
at home... day 4... feels like forever 
at home... on to work tomorrow.. 
at home.....unpacked case......p'ssing down and cold outside.... back in work tomoz.... YAY - (not !)   
at home....just relaxing. Not feeling to great today 
at home....SICK 
at home...bored...rainy dreary depressing day.....need to figure out how to make more money so I can get a car!!!          
At hospital with wifey. Possible gall bladder problems. 
At hospital. LOL after i'll go 2 starbucks alone 
at ICT class doing an oral test! no onewas listening to me  w @AnaLucia13
Congress is going to give us health care reform - courtesy AZ Star's Fitz &gt; http://bit.ly/10omQ8 You betcha. You can bank on it. Really. 
Coniving designs in my head along with bits of ideas for my future business. I should really be writing this down but I'm being lazy 
Connecting Twitter and Facebook together... Got problem 
connection is slowing now  in ygn
connection not good too much intruption  #ASOT400
Connie sms me this morning.. It is really not good with her. She is laying in the hospital.Oh lets hope she come out good.. 
connor got into an accident and now nobodys awake so i'm stuck in my room with a 4 day old cookie yumm 
connor just left  now me and bella are watching the boy in the striped pajamas 
Conor Oberst is going to be at Summerfest and I will not.  gahhh.
At IHOP, @ravensredd won't let me have any fun 
At In &amp; Out w/ Kimberly! Walking back home soon 
At internship. I wish I was home 
At Jacob's softball game. I've been thinking that I've lost my muse again. I don't enjoy the compy as much as I used to.  *izsad*
At james party still. Making sure i get to see Krit before she leaves 
At Jared's with the boy. I wish my mouth didnt still feel like I got punched. 
At Joanna baby shower &amp; some how its managed to be more boring then Lici's &amp; Didi's combined 
At Joni's house. Getting ready to go to graduation. I'll miss the seniors 
At Joy 102.5 today.  It's too nice to be working inside 
At jury duty.  but on a good note I don't have to work tonight. 
At Katie's and Marie's after class. Up way too early for class tomorrow. On a Saturday.  And facebook has no desire to load for me tonight
At Kincaid's alone because the rest of the @Kalexo crew is in Australia without ne 
At koret till 10am.. It's a gloomy day  I miss the sunshine, and maui.
at KROOKZ with PREDUCE team!! my eyes still watery 
Considering :3 http://www.telltalegames.com/store/talesofmonkeyisland Might have to wait until I get paid first 
considering buying an old nvidia AGP card from eBay as my old ATI has turned legacy 
considering buying palm-pre - Sunnyvale sprint store is already sold out 
considering freeing up some space on my laptop for Sims 3...but I know I'll only waste my life on it...groans...but it looks like fun 
considering going back to red.  I miss it.  
considering hitting the gym right now... ate 2 slices of pizza and a kids size cold stones ice cream for dinner 
Considering making a new soap making video but need my webcam. Problem is it's in my bedroom and needs to film in my kitchen.  No laptop. 
Considering new business name, which means new logo and website. Finding it very difficult to pick a name though. Been 2 weeks  #fail
Considering options for this year's overseas trip, looking at resorts on the Red Sea since Greece is probably out of the picture 
Considering Phoenix in mid October, Lisbon in late October and slated fro California in August. Missing the Patty Loveless Lyon concert 
Considering taking a boat to Japan.  Hopefully the mystery of Air France 447 is solved soon, so the families can begin grieving in peace 
Considering the ongoing cold virus shituation, please refer to me as Snot rather than Scott for the time being 
considering what to do with my day. scanning is not going well 
Constant nausea... Ugh 
constipated.. 
Constructers throw bricks from 4th floor into metal container, that echos through the street. Great timing  I'd like to sleep some more!
construction every single day this week, including the weekend. No sleep for me  Should have gone to TO.
construction workers have royally screwed up the AC in here, It must be like 37 degrees....Kelvin   
Consulting 4 Mfg. 100F outside. A/C not working. Had 2 explain namular vs. turbulent air-flow to A/C &quot;Guru&quot;. No wonder it's hot in here! 
At La Casita for dinner and food is taking forever! 
At Las Vegas Intr. airport get home at 12:00pm bored to death 
at last i finished organizing my closet OMG i still hv my accesories  ohh well i'll leave them 4 2moro gd nit and sweet dreams twitters;)
at last! done with the schoolworks..now i have to study for the quiz O.O 
at last, at home , i left at six am u.u im so so so TIRED,and devasted   i hope that the studios 'll be okaai 
at last, WIRELESS!  tho my holiday spirit has been dampened by the news that my wisdom teeth are coming through 
At laurena granpas tanning in his driveway phone is broken so don't text me 
At LAX. So close yet so far from my mommy 
At least 19 people died in unrest Saturday in Tehran, sources at one hospital said. Unconfirmed reports put the death toll at 150. 
At least I don't have to work until late tonight...Friday's are a pain. 
At least i get to see a movie i've not seen.  The rock. Great for the toddler behind me watching it too. 
At least I sidne tweet @JackAllTimeLow cause he reads it' my friends taking my phone and making me sleeppp poet  goodnhvbg!
at least i'd have plenty of data 
At least in Irvine I get paid to be bored 
consumer loan training = boringgggg 
Consuming large quantities of COFFEE, then its Revision &amp; more Revision  every day 4 me, until my economics exam on Thursday morning!! 
con't sleep!  and i gotta go in at 8 tomorrow to make up time for mrs slechten!  not cool.
cont. then 2 take your own life by hanging yourself. . .  
Cont.but bad news for drivers haha n its 20,000 haha so not typo ohh n all my tweezy's...I PASSED! Wit a score of 90! Gr8t now more bills 
cont: well i guess i can stop telling my mom that when i am rich and famous i will take care of her cause i just realized i never will be 
Contact ripped, i'm blind, getting butt kicked again 
Contacted by Makeup Forever to cater an event with 1000 cupcakes!  Love them - shame I must decline. No way I can handle that quantity. 
contacts are foggy 
Contagem regressiva MTV Movie Awards! Oh my Gooosh! *----*  Why I'm not there? It's not fair 
Contemplating a nap for an hour.. dont know 
Contemplating a trip to the gym, but it's raining outside. 
contemplating either a bacon sandwich or a full fry up - touch choice 
contemplating housecleaning wishing 4 more #1 ladies dtec stories &amp; trying 2 accept may have 2 stay here 
Contemplating my buggered right ring finger which hurts something awful  hadn't realised how much rings have become a part of my wardrobe!
contemplating my next move. happy orlando won. lakers will have issues. sad about wcws outcomes today. oh n my car died 
contemplating pulling out my wisdom teeth with pliers.... 
contemplating snuggles in bed but seem to be missing the presence of my overseas girlfriend! 
contemplating staying up and freaking out or going to sleep and imagining my freak outs - i don't think either is good 
contemplating the pros and cons of gay marraiges, aka her debate team assignment  oh the joys of school
contemplating when to hand in my lovely car 
contemplating whether i've gone too far on the mail regime 
Contemplating whether or not I should go on the cruise w. the Quans&amp;Nams. I will be the only child without a family.. how sad 
At least this year. 
at least two to three times a week i turn on the tv, find comedy central already on and have to endure a brief moment of scrubs 
at least vpi covers all of razzle's wellness. hip dysplasia, tho, not so much. 
At Legoland, waiting in a long queue 
At LIEBZ's place. It's all packed up for her journey. So sad. 
At logan airport leaving boston for good 
At lunch eating a banana and wheat crackers...this diet is brutal 
At lunch i will go to bookstore and see if there is a &quot;companion&quot; book to the prisoner or something that will help me 
At lunch stop day 2 in -  sun is finally out!!!!  Daniel went down today though &amp; new friend Rachel might have broken her wrist!    #alc8
At lunch...  2 more hrs 
At Lygon Street today, ate a lot of candy... Now i have a headache and i really want to throw up 
At macy's right now.. Miss shopping.. 
at maggie's choir concert =] its senior farewell and imma say buy to all my seniors 
At Marlees doc appointment poor babygirl has to get shots 
At mason district. Being scared by stories of exploding axe man. Missed @solgun and @tkpro55 and lin 
at mates house. watching coach trip. Nooooooo its started raining  I hope its not like this all weekend it will ruin it 
Contest will begin tomorrow... It's taking awhile to upload everything. Sorry everyone 
continental check-in at seatac was so brutal. waited 30 minutes to get my boarding passes printed... worse yet... starbucks is closed. 
Continually reminding myself that Chemistry is over on Thursday helps to ease my pain...then I remember that calculus runs until august 
continue to pray for @mrwittykitty7 's &amp; our cat . .  Its still hard for him to decide to put kitty to sleep. Hoping for a miracle
continue waiting for yesterday I only have 2 episodes for that series!  BTW ( not trying to brag) I think it is perfect for Zashley lovers
Continuing to work away on this #Joomla template while looking after the missus; sheï¿½s sadly not feeling too well today 
continuing with operation attack the garden today but without the mighty noodles due to knee pain 
continuo tentando trocar o background do twitter...over capacity! 
Conti's Baked Macaroni i want you so bad 
Contrary to the rumors, my lack of updates today did not indicate my untimely demise or hospitalization. My twitterific's broke. 
conversation got boring. now what. another one bites the dust. 
converse followed by stilettos = serious foot pain 
converting gossip girl for ipod (: but its taking forever!! 
convocation in 2 daysssssssssssssss. i cant believe high school is over 
At Matts graduation  so sad!!!
At Maudies for one last lunch with the girls 
At Mayo because of another attack. Colonoscopy at 7:15 am Tomorrow and I will be alone  Oh well.....
at MCO crew lounge waiting to take the plane out to White Plains then limo back to JFK &amp; I'm done. Only 1day off though b4 another 4 day 
at mcsqweeka's fixinnn carr  poor guy.
at meghan casey's with everyone. emily's last night 
At millys having some yummy asian food! Haha. And listening to let go, such a sad song 
At minibar... listening to politics  maybe some tech starups soon?
At mobilityvic.org launch.  No grog  nice video from PWC though
at mom's house. watching Bride Wars. Peaches has a cold  vet appointment asap.
at mom's place. Going to spend mom's day with her...she's making me get up early  but it's her day so why not? can always nap later
At Mount Zoomer makes me think of [last] summer 
At mums after a nice relaxing day. Peter working silly hours this weekend tho which is a bit sucky  hohum...
At my apartment for the first time since Thursday morning at 10am. Vacation is definitely almost over. 
At my aunt's house. 
at my aunts, its late and on her mobile internet thing! I miss my home internet, so so much faster! 
Conway dans le mur 
CooCoo is here! He refuses to come and watch Rus with me tho 
Cook cook cooking for peeps and they flake- now I have a rack of ribs and so much more but nobody to eat with  I'm lonely
cooked 4 chicken burrito's.... but i could only eat one.. 
Cooked popcorn in microvaves. AFAIK it should be white and tasty, not black and smoky 
Cooked the bomb ass fried chicken for my road trip cross country tomorrow. But can't eat it yet 
Cookie dough recall  Well, great time to go on a diet  http://bit.ly/SbhPY
cookieholic anonymous tonight  i just cant quit
Cookies 
Cookies were not a success   No treats for the Trustees tonight!
cookies! mmm...i think i've got to clean the house today.  boring.
Cookin' for 5 friends that came around. Hate them, I don't feel like cooking today 
Cooking dinner and forgot to buy stuff for the meal, back to the grocery store 
Cooking Disasters 101: I added so much soysauce to my stirfry tonight my tongue shriveled up. Had to throw it all away. Go me. 
cooking for one is no fun. 
at my cousins and the internets cappe. not much i can do 
at my cousins house picking up my sister  ugh im so bored
At my cousin's house. Sh'es leave on Sunday to Florida. Going to miss her. 
At my cuzins sweet sixteen and i'm fudging bored , there's no one to talk to ! 
at my dads 
At my dad's 
At my dad's house......awkward......divorce sucks. 
at my desk working 
AT MY ENGLISH 102 CLASS, GOD I'M SO SLEEPY!! ONLY SLEPT FOR LIKE 2 HOURS   MOOD: GRUMPY
At my first even sneaker friendly event 09...About to get this money in!!! Damn where my girls at!!!!! 
at my first newsroom shift at NPR affiliate KBIA! still have a yucky cold 
At my friends house losing in pool...now I have to drink a shot?  bull shit
at my gfs feeling pretty fat have to go home and get work clothes 
at my grandparents house  haha
at my grandparents house. i can't get on facebook 
at my grans bout to go out shopping 
at my house again  
at my house with chris,couldn't help him with his project 
at my internship wishes i stopped by Starbucks 
At My Internship, Got 1 Hours 2 go..  But something unusual happend 2day,  a Dutch Celeb is here on our WARD, visiting his daddy..
At my jury summons  I hope this isn't ALL day
at my lil kusins house celebratin his grad so much beer but cant, have 2 go 2 work n 1 hour n i dont think ill sober up n 1 hr  lol
Cooking french toast and about to look for my coffee maker and grinder, but I don't remember which box I put it in. 
Cooking hamburgers on the stove .. I'm not good at it because I'm eating them in pieces ..  There suppose to be patties 
cooking prince something to eat! wish my step-son was here 
Cooking sauteed pacific rockfish w/tropical salsa, baby bok choy w/shitake mushrooms &amp; coconut rice. Deluge keeping me from grilling fish 
Cooking up a batch of pasta sauce...realized that I don't have any cooking wine 
Cooking with brother [ not really he's taking all the credit  ] anways im trying :$
cooking... I do it all the time! Ugh... My left middle finger is swollen cause the shrimp skin thingy got Stuck under my nail in my skin 
cookout with the family, then studying more for finals tomorrow. 
Cool &amp; rainy here.  Hopefully we have some sunshine tomorrow. Haven't seen the sun in a few days.   
Cool (45) sunny Sunday morning. Mowing the lawn is on the agenda this afternoon despite my back still spasming.  Responsibility is hard.
At my little cousins promotion. Sad that this I the last event I'll be attending because she is moving to Texas 
at my mammaws work on the computer omg im terrified of storms n there is one coming this way....... SCARY 
At my mom's cause my dad is trying to sell his home, so I can't live there anymore; I got kicked to the curb, pretty much. 
At my moms volunteer job. These kids are baddd! Just a few more hours n I can go home. Still worried about having surgery or not.. 
At my nanas. I enjoy driving. But only have 9 hours and like 35 mins. 
AT MY PARENTS HOUSE TRYING TO FIND MY GRIP OF NOISE TAPES I PICKED UP OVER MY HIGH SCHOOL YEARS. NOT MUCH LUCK   
At my parents in SA....kids with me....Heidi and I, great evening together last night....Tomorrow? Still in SA w/family...Heidi? Work 
At my sisters dance recital. She now knows how to put on make up! They grow up so fast. 
At nates for his moms birthday party. Hellla food I'm sooo stufffed 
At Nation's in Berkeley so I can avoid the traffic home. I'm gonna get fat 
At Newport beach. There's a dead baby seal. 
At office, had lunch... No work.. getting sleep 
At On The Boarder with my sister, mom, and her friends; I miss my puppy 
at one of the voidecks waiting for Fad to come down. I ate lunch by myself at a chess corner 
At ORD baggage claim, i would NEVER ship a pet on a plane. each time i hear the ones at the oversized pckg  whine i wince 
at outerlands for little wings show but missing bon fire on the beach because im opening the shop tomorrow 
Cool new version of flightcontrol at app store... So much for a Sunday of work 
Cool new WiiWare game looks really fun. Japan only tho    http://bit.ly/pokescramble
Cool things 
cool! My Social Studies teacher just said I could skip the final exam : D But my math teacher says I have to make it up 
cool! to bad i spent all my robux on ads.  I am a proor man with a homestead badge now.
At panda express all by myself 
at panera for lunch  byyy myself  aww
At pb bar &amp; grill drinking $2.50 pints and watching the ring(WTF).... We're all gunna die in 7 days. 
At Pearson Airport, 26C in #yyz. Not looking forward to snow in #yyc 
At Peter Piper's for Noah's birthday! Fun times!  ...except half the games r out of order.  
at philadelphia airport. 3 hour layover! And no twittering in spain 
At pita jungle with jeer. We are going to see drag me to hell. He keeps bashing my new hair! 
At polo...... all by myself 
At Pompano Beach. There are no waves. 
At practice feeling left out cause i missed two cheers 
At practice.. Think im gonna here some bad news today... Kinda nervous 
at raffertys now waiting on dinner. they sat us in a shity seat. 
at red lObster wit the Odee Headache 
At Red Robin 4 dinner. Just looked at 3 more Mustangs. One was tempting (SE Bullit) but dealer was closed  Will definitely check Monday.
At Relat for Life-Iost my phone 
At rock the garden. Beer will be warm b4 solid gold starts  
At Rocky Cola Diner in Whittier tonight with teacher pal Mr. B, we had a great time chatting but no one else came... 
Cool, Twitter doesn't show me replies I get anymore...so be patient if I don't answer 
Cooling woes continue, new cooler has arrived and so far taken 3 hours to install inc. spraying me with refrigerant coolant 
coool, pp is chilling like two hours awayy. awww pooo.. i miss steven. 
coooooollllllllldddddddddd 
COOOOOOOOOME DOOOOOOOOWN 
Coorporative email server down 
Cops just shut down the most interesting party in the world. Before i went swimming too. 
Cops tell #Tori's Dad they may never find her remains  http://lfpress.ca/newsstand
cops these days, ruining beautiful jamss 
copyright was a fail nooo 
Coraline comes out on DVD on July 21?  It was supposed to be tomorrow!
coraline was a little disappointing  
Coraline was really good, sinister plot and burton-esque artistry wasted on most though 
At Roe.... Not feeling it  Gonna head over to Habanos!
At ruby tuesdays alone...all alone  someone join me.
At safeway on elkhorn, they move like they're dead!
At Safeway. Missed Jordan. 
at sam's boat.....dudes still rockin mulleta?!?! He moved to quick for a twitpic 
at sams house ..missed the ending of into the blue because i had to go 
at sarahs graduation. BOY, THEY GROW UP SO FAST! 
At school  damn how can I have seen two of the bitches I hate at the same fucking time
at school  going to portuguese class .__. ew
at school  nothing to do!!!!!
at school , yet again  BOOO
At school ,. last day , so sad , rose ceromony tomorrow   &lt;/3
at school :| i hate this....today i feel bad 
at school again! 
at school and my friggin teacher wont give us our year books till after activities..... when everyone else has them....    *Int. Graduate*
At school for 5th grade son's grad ceremony and honor roll awards! My baby......   
at school im so bored in class and im tired as well i couldnt sleep last night.... :/ my brother is sick  have graduation rehersal 2dayy..
at school making flash..i'm so sick of it right now.. 
At school now. Someone get here 
at school right now, class is fun !! but I'm tired 
at school very bored nothing to do 
At school waiting in line. They better have my diploma 
at school waiting to get on the bus to SEATTLE BABY WITH ALIEEMARIE!!  ow my poor beat up self from tht vicious mosh pit from hell 
at school watchi9ng the freedom writers diary. thinking about the evnts during the day amd nursing my swollen foot. 
At school with @Audexia &amp; @_dvb_ 
at school! ugh i wanna go home. 
at school, again.learning math then.mathtest tommorow 
At school, chem test is first period 
Cordoba was beautiful...Ive still got the cough from hell though! 
Core Data seems like a great piece of architecture... but with just the apple docs, it's too difficult... 
CorePlayer should do a WinMo Standard version 
Corissa Made Me Cry  I Hope She Reads This ;(
Corked leg from footy at bicentennial  time to work...,
Corny Joke #97: I told them I was bringing Sexy Back, but then they told me there was a 30 Day return policy and they wouldn't accept it. 
Corolla waited till it was 90 degrees out to not have working AC.  Glad I wore jeans and long sleeves to church. 
correcting someone's French on Facebook! I'm just trying to help, but I feel kind of horrible 
correction her name is spelled shia labeouf  im such a lame duuuugh. how you gonna like somebody and cant spell their name correct...  
Correction my phone's gunna die 
Correction. Game 6 is on Wednesday. Not driving to Pittsburgh. 
Correction. Lawyers need to go for PLAIN ENGLISH lessons 
Correction... Going to Fitted Hawaii.. I'm not sure why its so critical to get there so early 
correction.... she has spiral meningitis 
Correction: exhausted. Really wish I could stay in bed 
CORRECTION: Godzilla NOT going to Iraq. Sorry, Monster   @GodzillaofJapan @morrissey2637  I NEVER SED I WAS GOIN OVER DER.I AINT N FACT
Correction: I wish that I had tickets to Taylor Swift's show in 5 days 
Correction: Neopets.  And, she also threatened me after reading my tweet. 
Correction: VERY LOUD ALARM at 5:30 in the morning makes Jack a -tired- boy. *yawn.* Poor Jack. 
At school, it's so boring 
at school, was in geo class and started having a cough attack, scared  i'm gonna get sick 
At school. An hour left for the maths exam 
At school. Coco and tamales breakfast for champions. Errrg Finals.  wish me luck??
At school. It's not even 8 and i'm super hot in my jeans. My r:A DVD has yet to come, but I have to wait longer cos of the picnic today. 
At school. Last Day. Signing more yearbooks. Ruby Tuesday in a couple hours. Im about to start crying. 
At school. Waiting to choose CDS then do Access 
At school.. Doing my Math 
at school.. very sick today!!! Damn!!!! My nose is running like a tap 
At school... Last day  So sad!!
at school.......dont wanna be thoung 
At School; In English; Writing My English Poems 
At schoooool.  Ugh   this week is gonna be a longg one.
At sea rocket bistro for grilled sardine, clam &amp; mussel steamers and baked oysters. Most things oversalted  but cool space and cheap price
At service. I forgot to put sunscreen on! My feet are burning 
At shakas againn. No 2 dollar salads here 
At shellies house...sad she's at work 
At Shemallen's cotillion. Table 13 to get our food. 
At ShepVal about to donate blood. Too bad there aren't too many people here. 
at sians which is probably the best  place in the world  Liverpool is coolio! omgosh i just said coolio.  not good
At skl exam 2moro this sucks 
At sno-zone in MK. Watching friends having a 3hr boarding lesson. Just sat here looking  http://bit.ly/13HwKF
At some wedding.... 
At sonic eating all by myself 
At speccies 
At splashin safari. Effing pilgrims plunge, the new ride has been broken down all day  fail.  http://yfrog.com/5ial8jj
Corrr Revision Is WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY TOO MUCH Effort 
Corrupted memory card in my camera = 
corrupted my merb installation. 
Cory is breaking my longboard 
Costco didn't have any loose fitting jeans in 36/34 (my size).   Going to try the mall today or tomorrow.
COTD: 10 of S I am feeling like crap. Went to see Melody Gardot last night and it was great, but I am wiped. May not go to the party. 
Cottage! No reception in the cottage though, only on the highway  be back on saturday!
couch tour is gone   byebye!    hope whoever went had fun!
Couch, oh welcoming couch. Sofa by another name, would always feel this comfy. Sadly, I snore 
Cougar #1 hit on me this morning: While walking the dog, she says &quot;I can't decide who's more good-looking.&quot;  Anyone under 50 interested? 
Cougar Town looks great. Except for the fact that its called COUGAR TOWN. 
Cougars game called due to weather.  No baseball tonight.  
cough city 
cough cough cough, ahhhhh 
cough cough cough..that seems to be all i do lately. 
Cough cough my throat hurts 
cough, cough, coughing 
coughcoughcoughcough. so tired of being sick 
coughed so hard last night i feel like my head is going to explode 
coughing a lot 
coughing fits all night. these cough drops taste disgustinggg. anyways that was a lot of letters from emphasis. i need a blunt.  waaahh
Coughing like a grandmama. 
Coughing like a mad woman! Stupid allergies! All of the pollen and stonedust from the softball fields are vacationing in my lungs! 
Coughing like crazy.  time for a good book and bed.
at starbucks with my love. eff school. i have work later too. 
At starbucks with the darlingness. Bus in 2 hrs 
At State o Play conference in NY...no folks of color  but its interesting anyway.
At stonestown looking for a job to help my parents pay for my expenses. Seriously considering moving back.... 
At stupid ass school.  Getting ready for our Lockdown! Yay!
at subaru getting my car washed then to the grocery....still no internet or cable at home 
At summer school  ugh 730 in the morning HECK YEAHHH.....not
At summer school. I feel like shit today. 
at sureena's place for her farewell dinner. She's goin off yet again. Hmph! 
At sushi sho. Amazing sushi in berkley. Only open the rest of the month. 
At target. Trying to find a gooood shirt fo tonite. Looks like i'm arriving alone 
At TC waiting for the SAT to start  eff.
At TCDC aiming for some summer course's works but pretty much ended up with car designs magazine 
at teh workz 
AT THÂ£ SALON CHILLIN BÂ£CAUSÂ£ THE RUSH OF CLIÂ£NTS SÂ£Â£MÂ£D TO STOP RIGHT AFTÂ£R I CAMÂ£ IN 
At the  beach for less than three hours, and already been attacked by an oyster shell. I Fail         T.T
At the #Doterati breakfast trying to take photos but they keep turning all the lights off 
coughing my lungs out all day - &quot;rescuing&quot; my dad - getting a bug bite on my temple ~ my day has gone so great and keeps getting better! 
Coughing so much I pulled my back. Cannot wait until Monday when I can see a doctor. 
coughing up a lung  ..ouch
Coughing up a lung  y is it always worse at night when no drs are open and it's not bad enough to go to ER? Ugh so frustrating.
coughing way too much  it sucks
coughing, losing my voice and feeling pants... just in time for work on Monday 
coughing... 
Could anyone give me any idea why I've had a headache for 5 months? And I'm not kidding, it really has been 5 months 
could be having serious iPhone trouble  this is not good. Back to old phone for now, hopefully iPhone will &quot;sleep it off&quot; ?
could be river-tubing w/ @scarlettlillian &amp; friends right now, but my body had other plans this morning at 6 am 
could cry 
could do with more vacation in LA. Miss new and old friends. 
Could do with some messages to cheer me up  !!!!! @RobynLouise1993 @leahstakes @MissKeriBaby @jewlear @Celenko @sarahbeeny @Beverleyknight
could go for a packet of Malteasers right about now.. Stupid Facebook ad 
could go for some ice cream too 
Could have gotten coffee. 
could have possibly sprained his ankle 
Could have won 
Could i just see him now please?  going to sleep, i cant take this anymore.
Could it be bronchitis or is it just allergies??? UGH, I feel so sick 
Could my life get any better right now.. New phone B lost number    TurBurculosis, leave me alone! lol
could not attend the HP meet in delhi today because of unexpected work. 
Could not fiscally afford London today, 3 days of not going to bed until day break. Awesome times! and shit I've done it again.  gutted
Could not get on twitter all day except for a few min  it would not let me on!
Could not ride this morning. Major sand and dust storm. Got allergy  pills  instead 
Could not sleep last night 
Could not talk properly to anybody in office today... Bad mouth ulcers right on the tongue  . Hope things will be better tomorrow.
could of been going to see katy perry tonight, but unfortunately it has been rescheduled 
Could of got my #xbox360 today but my dad was sleeping 
Could only spot one triops this morning. Really quite upset about my little babies 
Could really do with not being woken up to a torrent of water cascading down my bedroom wall 
could really do with one of those reassuring &quot;everything will be ok&quot; hugs  &lt;/3
could really do without it being Father's Day 
could really use a Date Day right now. Ugh. 
could really use a few extra hours in my bed, stupid sleep pattern going crazy  http://bit.ly/S4ycG
could really use some donuts and orange juice right now  , but @padgettalicia has reprimanded me using the debit until more $ appears.
Could someone help me find a site which would give me the exact name and address of cellphone number that is given? Too many missed calls 
Could someone please explain how in the hell someone can have three different cases of poison ivy in four weeks time?!?! 
Could someone please help me get more followers! I am lonely 
could sum1 help a little geordie damsel in distress? havnt got a clue wot t do on here 
could the MTV awards get any more cornier + distasteful? I wish I had Showtime so I could watch the Dexter marathon! 
could there have been a worse day for new rebecca + her dog pics??? r.i.p my bella. you'll be missed so so much by us all  &lt;3
Could these two irritating &quot;Features&quot; of twitter be the end of my short lived twittering days...I was just starting to enjoy it too!! 
could this be one of the worst weeks ever..... i am thinking YEAH!  
Could this be the Dodger's first loss with no runs?  Please someone get a homerun.  If they lose at least get on the board. 
Could this day get any worse? Not only does it suck, but husband just got a $300 fine for talking on his mobile while driving  **cries**
Could this day take any longer? Stuck in Small Business Management 
Could Today Get Any Worse 
Could updates take any longer.?! My computer is painfully slow right now, I don't think it's happy with me. 
could yall pray for me and my family this weekend. the weather man is callin for very strong storms. and from a child i have been scared 
COuld you tell ASSUMPTION COLLEGE that i miss her... to visit but she's sick of swine flu. 
coulda booked flights to nz with jetstar for me and josh for a week with flights costing less that $17 for both of us, but i didn't 
Couldnï¿½t seem to get to sleep properly last night. Felt really warm, and was tossing/turning all night. Woke up several times. Knackered 
At the 2010 lexus HS250h press event.  Again, can't tell you anything...until May 26th..   #fb
At the airport 
At the airport coming home. I'm only doing this because delta told me too, I'm not happy about it.  http://twitpic.com/4wyft
At the airport drinking starbucks. Plane delayed 
At the airport in France going back to the Netherlands 
At the airport in Philadelphia. Connecting flight to Montreal is cancelled due to bad weather 
At the Airport now. I hate airplanes I'm scared. 
At the airport waiting for my flight back home. Goodbye San Diego 
At the airport waiting to board my flight  gunna miss my Pila!
at the airport with @joe1034170, waiting for his plane... 
At the airport, pineapples in hand...time to head home and back to reality 
at the airport. 
At the airport. Gettin starbucks  don't wanna leave
At the airport. It's crowded. Cant wait to eat at the airport restaurant. Im damn hungry 
At the airport. Now we wait 2 hours 
At the airport. Sad this vacation is just about over 
at the airport... its soooo cold and the walk is soooo long. 
At the airport......heading back to the real world 
At the animal ER with Bella they took her back to remove something from her throat 
At the animal hospital at midnight. New boxer puppy might have bloat. 
at the apple store round 2. amazing facial hair boy is not here 
At the art all state. I feel very sick. 
At the AT&amp;T store ordering my 3GS. Will take up to 14 days!!! Bugger! Will be after my Bday! 
at the bank wishing i was eating 
at the bank. omg where is the purple car?! not here 
At the bank. With my mom. With no ipod.  &lt;ty&gt;
Couldn't apple make a update to the iPhone 3G to take video. I don't want to buy the iPhone 3GS 
Couldn't be in the X-ray room with him  Hope they don't fry his brains or spray him with swine flu or something.
Couldn't be more tired of moving... 
couldn't break 6m 33s on survival - the light house last night 
Couldnt bring my pet rock to work today. No pets allowed 
couldn't buy a couch tonight...   
Couldn't connect work laptop to LAN at home. Need unavailable admin password to alter configurations. SFCC WLAN didn't like me either. 
Couldn't decide if I wanted to go to Family Fortunes on Sunday but train is Â£45 now   Its the Christmas special being filmed on that day!!
Couldnt do it... Just bought two pairs 
couldn't even get my eye open and so I snapped at her and she's mad and I feel bad and it still hurts 
couldnt even stay awake in my exam. Oh dear 
couldn't find a coaster for Mother's Day 
Couldn't find anyone at #twisto 
Couldn't find chicken soup at any shop 
couldn't find his sunglasses on his way to work today 
Couldnt finish it 
couldn't get #opera #unite to work onmy work machine due to office firewall 
couldn't get an iPhone, bloody Orange's systems down so can't get PAC! 
couldn't get breakfast at #JackintheBox; computers were down. #KolacheFactory was closed too. Our intrepid hero goes to work hungry. 
Couldn't get moving this morning. Working in the sun everyday is getting to me 
couldn't get my hair done, my stylist was not available. 
couldn't get shit done today ~ i'm so screwed 
Couldn't get sitter 4 kids  missing #YellowTie event - very bummed...hope to make next &quot;meet w/directors&quot; WAHD is a tough gig sometimes
Couldn't get the #Surface SP1 installed before unit was picked up. Have to do that app in 1/2 day now in v1.0. Going over the edge here 
Couldn't get the game to work. 
couldn't get the video to upload &amp; is too* drained. www.CierraJ.com. Night Night. Blessings 
Couldnt get through to vote for Diversity!  #bgt
Couldn't get tickets for outdoor screening of Alien/Poltergeist at Somerset House. Sad 
couldn't get to sleep last night cos of my toothache 
Couldn't get to sleep last night. Prob only got 4hrs of rest &amp; now I've gotta get up and at it. Ughh its gunna be a longggg day 
Couldn't get to sweep 
Couldn't get twitter to work last night 
couldn't get what i needed  but life goes on..ima keep it pushin
couldnt go to sleep cause my legs hurt from walking most of the day yesterday 
couldn't go to STONER-FEST 5 bumber 
couldnt go to work 2nite  but iits ok i got my divas @simplyjess400 @kimbellasworld @sexymency an hopefully @only1ericamena &amp; jaellima cum
At the bar not drinking though so not having much fun 
At the barn taking care of my horse, who happens to be hurt... Poor thing 
At the beach for the weekend.  Why's it gotta be so windy? 
at the beach with mahh girl. work tomorrow 
At the beach, but not so much sun and warmth this week so far. 
at the beach. i kinda feel like hannah is mad at me and that she might be ignoring me 
At the black label kicken it! Gotta b at work in the work though 
At the book signing, I was the only person there who didn't work at the store  , I kind of felt bad for the authors.
At the boys soccor freezinq  i need a heater
At the bus stop, minus my Jonas Brothers book - I wanted to read it on the bus today but I couldn't find it 
At the bus stop. Then another fun day of school. 
At the cafe without my laptop or my bag :S I feel I'm lost  can't survive without my stuff 
At the car dealership getting a oil change.. I hate waiting by myself 
At the car shop. 
at the casa...everyones out partying but me ....  
At the casino... lost 8 bucks 
At the Celtic Ross waiting for the lunch to start. On sign of anyone else yet 
At the chiro with mem  she can't walk. That may mean no Pride??
At the class,doing absolutely rubbissshhhhhhhhh 
At the coaches social! deBeer lacrosse brought heads and goodies! It is sweet! Looking to hang with Rags one last time 
At the coffee shop, getting some work done.  Was going to sit outside, but I'm out of battery   Grrrrr
Couldn't leave well enough alone... had to have the popcorn.  
couldn't make it to pre-bashment  went to apache for bassnectar after-show, heard some sick dubstep and a crazy set from dj bowie
Couldnt make it to service  -Poex2
Couldn't make Piglet eat or drink this morning. He is going downhill fast  I'm also really worried about Pee Wee catching what he has...
couldn't remember if I was home or still in uk somewhere. very odd. did finally get to my bed at 3am. so tired. back to work tomorrow 
Couldn't save the colt. Died this morning. RIP. 
Couldn't see King Creosote last night as wasn't well. Alan had to stay up playing The Sims and drinking milk 
couldn't see the second episode of Greek 
couldn't see the sunrise 
Couldn't sleep 
Couldnt sleep  and is bring stacey and sally my 2 younger sisters to church
Couldn't sleep  made some koolaid time to drink some and try again
couldnt sleep again   to yucky feeling to try and sleep now  
couldn't sleep again  http://plurk.com/p/116hq3
couldnt sleep all night cause I wanted to be with him, woke up late, now us celluar tells me my phone is unrepairable  epic.
Couldn't sleep at all last night 
couldn't sleep if I had a bottle of benedryl beside me 
couldn't sleep last night and now it's time for work 
couldn't sleep last night.  and no time to sleep this weekend
couldn't sleep last night. now too sleepy to go to church 
couldn't sleep last night... been up since 3. 
couldn't sleep so got up early, but now I'm starting to feel really tired.. and it's too late to go back to bed  yaawn
Couldn't sleep well 
Couldn't sleep well last night  - http://tweet.sg
couldn't sleep. read some Animorphs and now I'm attempting sleep again. please work this time. I'm exhausted plus I want to cuddle 
Couldnt sleep.. 8 o clock now.. and missing my bud terribly 
Couldn't sleep....my daughter's cell phone kept beeping because of a low battery and I couldn't find it to throw it against the wall  
Couldn't sport the new shoes cuz of the rain 
Couldn't stay for the #cvilletweetup at #EatAtEppies - WAY too much work today! 
Couldn't wake up and missed yoga this morning 
Couldn't walk outside today because of the rain!  Yeah, I know Miranda, that would be nice. It kind of makes a person more motivated!
couldn't watch the final match.....I'm feeling bad that I don't have a TV 
couldn't watch transformer today  sold out.  So I plan to go next week :p I watched the proposal instead
Couldnt write the DVDs after all...    must download now.
Couldnts ee Drage Me To hell tonight after waiting all week fro it. Gutted 
At the crib about to go do what I do best... Less than 48 hours till I go back to kansas 
at the d note all alone. guess my fans dont like me. 
at the daddy-daughter dance rehearsal, sans daughter. she's sick 
At the dane cook show,but not happy.cousins making me feel like crap and i miss the @anarbor guys already 
At the dentist  i hate the dentist!
At the dentist again  this sucks lol
At the dentist again  ugh my head hurts and I'm hungry!
At the dentist for Hopes first check up. Lets she how she handles a dentist. 
At the dentist office. Wish me luck 
At the dentist with my husband's grandpa 
At the dentist! Ewww. 
At the dentist. I don't know when it started but I'm suddenly very aware of how petrified I am of the dentist. I'm shaking? A lot! 
At the dentist. if wisdom teeth arent impacted,does it still hurt badly or just the normal tooth-removal pain? 
At the dentist. They always yell at me for not flossing. 
At the dentist...Tina has to get two teeth pulled 
at the dentist...whooo. and its raining again. 
At the Derby party in Long Island. Its pretty weak...and my horase lost and I lost 100 dollars... 
At the dermatologist... Eczema... Yeesh  dry skin sucks ass!!!!
At the dermatologists office 
At the Diner. Rangers lost. I need someone to console me. 
at the dmv. only been waiting 25 mins, but still like 4 million numbers away 
At the docoter. 
At the doctor. Getting a shot  then off to work to work 8 gruesome hours. Hopefully this day speeds by fast
At the doctors -- have to get a shot! Scared and starving. 
At the doctors ... My heart has been hurting so much lately 
At the doctors gettin a check up!!!!  I hate the doctors
at the doctors office for my back. It's never hurt this bad before 
At the doctor's office, waiting for Dr. Sufka to see me. Tired of being sick  hope everyone else is having better Friday than me.
At the doctors. Gahhh it's so early  fuking little shit won't get the fuck away from me
At the dog park in orange..... Almond is afraid of everyone 
At the dr office for abbie's second round of shots... 
At the dragons game... But there's a rain delay 
at the drive-in...forgot my glasses...don't think I'll be able to see much of Hugh Jackman's glorious body 
Count down to twitter shutdown for an hour....          CHillin wit the fam b4 hittin the town
countdown: 12 days until britney concert. 15 until bday. 70 until EUROPE! 89 until jobro concert. uh, the wait 
COUNTDOWN: 12 more days till the last day of high school. Aw man. 
Counted 58 dead fish pieces in her lake...right in front of her house...smells amazing 
counting burises on my leges 
Counting calories sucks! I am not doing well today  I  LOVE FOOD!
counting daz..........  
Counting down the days.. 19 
Counting down the hours till I get to see HIM. 3/30 am...five hours away.  I should take a nap I think. And I hope I get flowers.
counting down the hours to go to the dentist 
counting down the last minutes until my shift is over....     im gonna miss this job. on to better things now.
counting the blisters on my feet OUCH...was worth it tho. We had a great time. Time to head home now 
counting the days til school starts.. i am scaaaaaared!!!  though a lil excited.. haha
Counting the minutes when my dad's g-friend is leaving 
countless Â£Â£Â£'s of lost earnings on eBay, and gonna miss Red Bull X Fighters London. gutted.. 
Couple of hours to add one more number to my age  aaargh this cold.. im feeling not everything is fine..
Course of English Phonetic Phonology is SUCKS,hate it .. 
Course work 
coursework  ?
coursework - Disscus how Jane Austen presents the ideas of marriage and relationships in pride and prejudice with some focus on language 
Coursework Ahhhh want to go out 
Coursework grr 
courseworking in college  FAHK
Court is Not Fun.... N count down to lock down begins!!! 
court ruled against me. I can not file a restraining order against my twitter followers 
Court Rules Convicts Have No Right To DNA Tests &quot;wow ur screwed&quot;   http://bit.ly/1GBS18
court today! somehow i have to look classy..great! n i have a girl judge 
court.     
Courtt and i are up, and i have an essay to start and finish today. 
Cousin went in to labor this morning around 10... Still in there  good thoughts please. Ugh 13 hrs now - ick!
cousins are going home... so sad 
Cousins Graduation Party, Buy Tickets For The LC! Show At The Fonda Or LACMA? I Can't Decide What I Wanna Do I Need Some Help With This! 
At the dr's  I don't like.
At the emergency room i sprained my ankle no bueno 
At the emergency room with Andrew. 
At the emergency vet with the cat.  Poor Simba is limping and won't stop crying.  
At the engineering lab and things are not going as planned 
At the ER. lonely 
At the fair with @hellooitsrachel sad because @jaaiho couldnt come 
At the Four Seasons for sushi and drinks - I hope Sue's Man vs Wild amazon adventure is going well!!  No updates yet 
At the game. Didn't make it in time for a bat. 
At the genius bar, and it's not looking good for any data to be recovered from my hard drive 
At the grocery store, the meal plan is all gone, we have to fend for ourselves again.  
at the gym &amp; just found out about farrah- thats so sad 
At the gym. Lalas next to me. In need of some shopping. 
at the handa dealership using the computer... lol! today didnt feel like the last day of school. imma miss every! 
at the hilton, i love hotels...only thing that sucks is when they dont have free wifi 
At the Hoppings at Newcastle Town Moor... And its wet  again
at the hospital    in so much pain
at the hospital getting my friend put in 
at the hospital with my daughter 
At the hospital with my mom. Still trying to get her blood sugar stabilized  God is Sovereign!
At the hospital with my Princess. She's got a bug bite 
At the hospital with the wifey...  27 wks having contractions... Too ealry for a baby   please pray
at the hospital, got called out 
at the hospital. again. I hate the hospital smell 
At the hospital. My grandpa doesn't look good.  sad day
Coverage of Moto gp doesn't look good as channel down 
covered in a massive itchy rash. it looks disgusting 
Covered in flour. I forgot how agressive Josh can be. Haha 
cowering from pain 
coworker back from vacation and still has swollen cheeks from wisdom tooth removal.  Sux!
coworker meeting at my house this evening and I feel like crap 
co-workers gave out my freakin home phone number to desperate male customer. wtff.  stop phoning me idiot.
Co-worker's last day  we are going to miss her
Cows hate walking on cement  i did it for the free ben and jerry's.
coz if not ill be reading my mag, ooks, ipod, and playing cubes all morning and sleeping and tv night/afternoon  ill be on anesthetic
CPF Minimum Sum and MediSave amounts adjusted http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/433064/1/.html 
cpr fail day, i turned it off instead of shocking the patient 
craaaazy night! Gotta work in da morning!  NIIIIIIGHT!
CrÃªpes!  Hope you feel better love 
Crab Hut with my bfff! But babyV is mia  nigga where you at?!
Crabby. Bit by a horse. 
Cracking headache 
at the house in GPS. in pain 
At the idiocy we pay... 
At the inlaws supposed to swimming but it's taking forever for the pool to be vacuumed 
at the job...swag off 
At the Kave still...I think my baby just got mad at me.  Imma have 2 make it up 2 him... ;)
At the KC with daughter who reckons the players are hugging eachother 
at the keith urban concert with @alylawhead but we missed taylor swift! 
At the lab, doing nothing for my birthday  @damonjamal doesnt feel the birthday spirit
at the laundra mat because my washer is broken 
At the laundrette bored, not getting an iPhone now  i am getting an iPod Touch so it's still cool but i did want the iPhone
At the laundry mat bored out of my mind!!! grrr!! 
at the library hating the fact that i can't use my own computer in my own BED! and the Cavs lost 
At the library on yet another gloomy day.  Maybe get out for a bike ride between spurts of rain 
At the library reading   trying to get a structure on the dissertation...
At the library, nothing to do, no where to go. 
At the library, then cooking dinner then girls night for kalens last day here 
at the library...tryin to work 
At the longhorn pro-am sitting on Number 2... All alone 
At the mall again wit my girl. Tryin 2 find a dress 4 2morrow 
bradddd hurry and get here 
Braden ran into a wall and needs stitches all down is head and face. Poor baby. 
bradie died  his poor son lost a daaddy
bradley ryan is graduating today!! 
Bradley Whitford and Jane Kaczmarek filed for divorce. There is no hope for us lowly mortals now. wow. 
Braid groups, conjugacy problem (me falta, no entiendo bien    )
brain fog clearing after the weekend in Comox, guess I have to work now 
Brain freeze 
brain freeze!!!!!! now how about a heart freeze? 
Brain Games...is now...over. 
Brain hurts has been thinking too much boo hoo 
Brain Hurty Squishy Mess 
Brain won't work anymore. must be time for bed. Until pug gets me up at 4 or so.  http://ff.im/-2ZHMk
brain.. too. MOOSHY.. to study. effectively.. 
Brain-ache. Decision thoughts have kicked back in 
Brainstorming for my brands...work is always on my mind  check out the new items up @ http://shop.karaackerman.com
Branae babycakes is coming too! xD i wish i could hang with them.... 
Branch integration day... yupy... 
brand new day in front of me ... short one cuz I gotta go to work at 4 
brand new is sold out! sad face 
Brand new white blouse + red tee shirt in wash. Oh the horrors... 
Brandon and Stephanie have left to go back to Boone 
Brandon Flowers is no longer on my trending topics. Sad sight 
Brandon headbutted me and gave me a bloody nose. 
Brandon just had surgery.    everyone send @brealmercy love and get well wishes!!
Brandon ran away from me.  
Brandy @ San Jose Pride festival montage of her songs ... http://tr.im/oDnn ~~~&gt; bad camera work  SRY!
Brasil sem representantes em Wimbledon 
Brauny needs to stop striking out 
braves lost in 11 (I know I'm late) could just see it coming though  line up just doesn't look threatening
brazil is giving it to america in soccer right now 
Brazil mistook sea thrash as plane crash debris!! Till now, no trace of plane crash debris found. I feel for the families of the victims 
Brazil saiu do Treding Topics 
Brb doing a norton cleanup... oh and facebook is still giving me probs w pix and vids. Sorry its taking so long 
Brb tweeps got to actually do some work for a sec 
bread and honey wasnt that great this year (N) for everyone who didnt go, dont worry, you weren't missing out. 
Bread not turning out so good  think I may have botched the yeast.
Break from all this serious thoughts...putting the phone down...Dooo dooo burning...Damn jalapenos....No 
Break statements are rather confusing sometimes, just like z-indexes 
Break the fast I will. Crap, it's not that nice out there  I need my suuuun!
Break time over... back to work 
Break time! Only fifteen minutes though  loving our training in missions though... http://yfrog.com/4anouj
Break time! Then dance 
Break time, not needed until 2pm! My legs hurt 
break. only a small win 
Break. Three more hours! I wish I could see my Meggy today 
Breakaway - Kelly Clarkson @shanedawson I love that song do u? ive been listening to it since I was 10, it reminds me of my life 
breakaway  really wnt another can of coke, bt already had 1 today and a redbull :S MUST go rev for maths 2moro  hope mum n andy are ok!
breakdown in the father's day card aisle... maybe I should try this another day this week. 
breakfast and so much to do today before i go back to work 
breakfast and then MTB at the spruit.  hopefully the rain stays away otherwise indoor L4 
Breakfast at Denny's was most delicious - stuck in the time warp that is Oakville Certigard 
breakfast at pacific st cafe, after original destination went out of business   support local business!!
Breakfast at Soho Coffee. What a beautiful day. Shame I will spend the next 9 hours indoors 
Breakfast buffets included with hotel rooms are generally not very good.  We are in the city Rethimnon on Crete.
Breakfast in Switzerland, lunch in Germany and midnight snack in Denmark. But first I need to catch a super early flight from Sweden 
breakfast then cleaning the kitchen then finishing the cookies and meatballs from last night..way too clumsy to finish  better today?
breakfast was good.  back to bed for a while before the drive home.  
Breakfast with the fam...last morning in Chicago 
Breakfast with the fam...work Till 10 
breakfast with the girls....then driving back  i will miss athens..
Breakfast with the homies, cause i don't want to lose anyone for lack of being there  NOT sleeping til i make it right
Breakfast, shower, thn work 
BREAKING BAD SEASON FINALE TONIGHT. I am sad. 
breaking heart 
Breaking in new shoes at work  not fun pretty sure they are bleeding...lol
Breaking news!! The sun retired.. Yup, that's right folks.. Summer is flooded over, summer is cancelled.. Details @ 11.    daaaahhhh
BREAKING NEWS: 17-year-old girl is dating 12-year-old boy .... poor boy  hahahahah luv ya pieroo
Breaking News: a nigga jus lost both his legs n a terrible accident! Reports say his skinny jeans cut off blood circulation! So sad  lol!
BREAKING NEWS: Florida team embarrasses Ohio team in championship game. I feel like I've read this story before. Sigh. 
BREAKING NEWS: The broiler at Burger King is down. There will be no burgers at Burger King at lunch!  At least Chicken Fries were there!
Breaking out in cold sweat and dying from fever. 
Breaking out on my chin  I don't like
Breaking out on my chin  I dont' like it
Breaking out the first skirt of the season. Would have worn my springy white pants, but I'm pretty sure they no longer fit 
Breaking the daily build broke my daily plan as well 
breaking the rules again ;-) Ive had enuf of frigginn' studying 
breakk up .... please? 
breaks my heart everytime I leave my little girl at daycare. She cried again, &amp; reached out for me 
Breaks my heart to see Rafa announcing his withdrawal. This isn't fair. 
Breaks my heart....15yo in a car wreck asking for her mama. Her mom didn't make it....showing her a little extra love tonight. 
BReal is in Austin tonight 
Breast cancer blood test monday. 
Breezin' through Government. I miss hanging out with friends  Lets hang this weekend? Sleepover Friday, but Sat/Sun? Lets make plans!
Brenna's leaving at 11 for camp  She's coming over in a minute to say bye and so I can give her the good bye card I made lol
Brett's getting out his wisdom teeth tomorrow, bringing him some nice cold summer foods to make it feel better 
Brew Crew struck out Brrruuuuuuce! #Reds lose 3-2 
Brew monkey job still vacant, by the way. Too busy typing to brew up 
Brewer won vs. Reds. Cardinals are leading Giants 3 to 2 in 7th 
Brewers are leading.  #braves.
brewing some root beer tomorrow with Tom!..we don't have champagne yeast, though : \ ... I guess we'll have to wait to ferment?? 
Bri hit me in the nose 
Brian and Greg are gone!  But definitely gonna enjoy these last few weeks in Coogee!
brian is being so mean to me 
Brian Naylor made me tear up 
Brian packed all my clothes for vacation so I have to wear my daisy dukes to 'Gina Eagle 
Brian Stole My ice cream 
Brianna has been awake since 4:30! What a great way to start a Monday 
BRIANNN DON'T DELETE YOUR TWITTERRRR NOOOOOO 
Brian's in phx tonight  I have this huge empty bed for me to sleep in tonight T_T
Bribed @NAKEDpizza to deliver GF/CF/SF pizza to me downtown for extra $20. Exciting! Until they realized the GF fridge broke! How tragic! 
Bricked iPhone...got the evil (-4) error while upgrading.  This day can't possible get any better.... #squarespace
bricked my wireless router 
Bridge to Terabithia chokes me up every time.  I wanna read the book though.
Bridges Pets is moving it's Lake Stevens store  it is only going to be in Snohomish now. It is the best pet store ever!!!
brief history about prom - didn't like it - girl went crazy - wasn't my fault - she didn't understand no - was blackmailed - wasn't happy 
Brief nap. Flat exhausted. Prolly won't make it to accompany bf to dr's 
brief scare - nearly lost tethering on iphone... 
Bright smiling sun's shining through the window and my room's getting really warm... Eww, aircon pliiis. 
Brilliant day outside and I'm stuck in the flat working on my dissertation. Maybe if I sit near the window I can get a tan 
Bring back last summer... Please? Back 2 when I had a job, a friend, &amp; the one I love desperately didn't hate me... Back 2 happiness. 
Bring my loose change to chase for bills...the banker is gonna hate me. 
Bring on Red Faction Guerrilla.  Actually we've had copies for awhile, but our XBox stopped reading discs. 
BRING ON THE COFFEE. Another late night   ...Weird, I just twitched.
bring partents to the airport today 
Bringin my granson back to his mom.    he's sooooo cute
bringing amanda to the airport 
bringing baby to the drs today at 1030 -yuck- poor little dude, im hoping it just allergies and not the beginnings of something serious 
Bringing my grandparents to the airport to go back to the Philippines. Holding back the waterworks. 
Bringing my kitty to the vet tomorrow, I think she's got a tapeworm. 
bristol trip is a mistake, how can it be so small and boring? Covered the whole city on foot in 2 hours 
Britain used to have talent. Now we have #susanboyle. Sorry World.  #twunes ? http://blip.fm/~4ir01
Britain's got (good) Weather. I wish I had some of that over here. 
britains got talent final!!! sadly had to turn over from toy story  l
Britany passed out during work today. I almost caught her too 
British Airways asks staff to work without pay http://is.gd/13ITa  #traveltuesday #travel #ba
British F1 Grand Prix tomorrow at #Silverstone, should be a good race. Sucks for Lewis Hamilton though, his car is just not good enough 
British farmer takes rat poison  after bancrupcy following case against national trust over contamination of the river.RIP Bob Dearny 
At the mall. Bored. 
At the Marble Room.&quot;California Tapas&quot; Lots of gr8 looking original cocktails. Wish I could have a drink. 
At the market in my sweats  i feel so sick.  im buying Tylenol . Shouldnt a guy be doing this for me ?
At the markets. Moni on the bouncing castle. I just wanna go home to you. 
At the Martini Monkey right now wishing that Jay Crab still worked here. There is nothing special about this place now 
at the mechanic  will be stuck here for atleast an hour more .
At the memorial service for Marie 
At the Meza Virs gig, killing several hair cells. I told Keiran that and he called me a noob. 
At the Miami airport--- flight to st Thomas delayed  http://yfrog.com/0ksn2usyj
at the most ghetto DMV ever!!! c'mon G 122!!  currently on G 084  in Fresno, CA http://loopt.us/C7xThA.t
At the mountain view MINI dealership getting an oil change. I miss @EastBayMINI 
At the movies for my bday, but no one wants to sit next to me  everyone's fighting to sit next to my mom. Happy bday to me
At the movies seeing Drag Me to Hell. I think they are dragging me to hell, too... Along with my 10.50! 
At the movies watching angels and demons...i have no idea what is going on...i wish i was smart enough to watch this 
At the movies with my dad and brother to see Star Trek. Wishes @nilladrop was here. She has to work tho. 
At the movies, seeing Fighting. Didn't see WWB   maybe next time. Get crunk.
At the nail shop, getting my toes done! The lady told me to stop running around barefoot, my toes are ugly!! Lol aww 
at the neighbours because my computer doesnt work  .. getting it fixed tomorrow though yay !!
at the office  At least spotify is running... Been listening to Guardian's 1000 tracks playlist. For those sans spotify, google it. V.good
Craft Show was a bust   Time to post them on the website...i really need a better camera!!
Craig Ferguson - if Paul Revere had Twitter: &quot;the british are coming the british are coming OMG OMG  &quot;
Craig is going to a funeral  Sad sad thing happened.
Craig told me that he hated me so it's all good 
Craigslisting all my baby girls baby things she doesnt use or wear anymore  shes a year on Friday!
Crammin in some last min study time! English exam all morning! I have that sick exam feeling  
Cramming for a test on Monday... No fun for me today  in Houston, TX http://loopt.us/1A6FXA.t
cramming for afternoon meetings 
cramming for the oral paper presentation on Wednesday... 
Cramming Latin and Maths revision. Then taking Emma back to Waterloo station. I'm gonna miss her  I'll have no one to talk to now (
cramming shit into ipod. Cross examination! Almost full 
Cramming.. Again 
cramps are killing me. im broke &amp; hungry. 
cramps are killing me..  I REALLY HATE THIS DAY A LOT!!!
Cramps fucking suck. Getting ur period bfore Starscape =  . Especially since I refuse to use those portapotties!
cramps r eew  shall hug a soft toy to my tummy n zzz the pain away
Cramps suck.  Ughhh
Cramps wahhhhhh   i don't want to get out of bed. Bring on the mass amounts of tylenol
cramps woke me up this morning 
cramps... 
Cramps= Period= Mood Swings= No bueno 
Crampy mccramperson 
Cran-Grape for lunch 
CRAP - I think I may have to purchase the halo shirt from xbl. 
crap  julie just reminded me about science hw, greattt &gt;&lt;
CRAP  we r going away to the middle of nowhere for a couple of weeks i suppose thats ok but i wont have any mates 
Crap ! I have biology homework, i thought it was for next week  !
crap ! i missed the MTV movie awards  !   ah well thats what repeats are for !
crap 1 of my ear peircings closed  have to get them re-done for the 3rd time
Crap 225 miles to cover today 
crap can't find my miley cyrus cd to play in the car to annoy my mum     #LoveEverybody
crap crap crap, listening to the twilight soundtrack, brings me back to memories of finishing breaking dawn... &quot;The End&quot;, ugh depression 
Crap crap crap.  It is going to be a painful and very long work day 
Crap day today, Got my arms bent backwards then got hit on the head 
Crap gotta go to class now bbs  DM me if anything good happens tonight! love yall!
crap i ate unhealthy yet again 
Crap i forgot my chapstick 
Crap I need to work on my shitloads of homework but I'm too uiftyfytdudxtcfjgvkyfytfdtyf!!!!!!!!! to focus on anything productive 
crap i think i just killed my nail from bitin it.  woops
Crap meant to search that 
crap muscle pain 
crap my ankle is swollen 
crap my keyboard  was set to chinese 
Crap night's sleep, argh - doesn't bode well for four consecutive days of finals exams. 
Crap on a stick. It's 4:30pm and this assignment is not finished yet. 
Crap pianoing later again grrr.  Just chilling now. I think I'm done with all the hw, I still have a test to study!
Crap pizza really takes the shine off a day  Going to buy booze 
Crap the dvd just pooped. I guess ill never see it. 
Crap the road worker banged a board on my car and all i could do was to see if car had scratches or a dent 
Crap there's a tornado warning  gtg in the basement, tweet you when it's over!!
Crap these topics suck 
Crap weather 
CRAP why do they drive so fast  Darn you Ice Cream Truck guy ugh!  He went by to fast - sooooooooo depressed now lol!
crap yestersay i dropped my phone in the pool it broke so today im off to get another one 
Crap!  I always pick the Chorizo and he always loses, until tonight when I bet on the polish.  Typical.  http://twitpic.com/686qm
CRAP!  I missed Knocked Up by about 5 mintues 
Crap! I got a cleat to knee and now I'm bruised and bleeding. Another scar to my beautiful legs 
Crap! I made coffee to bring to work &amp; then I forgot it 
Crap! I missed @Naughty_Dog 's Uncharted 2 beta code 
Crap! I must be in love: I put too much salt into the incredible dough I slaved over...  Oh well...
Crap! I screwed up my entire Adobe Suite install! Hopefully reinstall from CDs works .... 
Crap! I think my rash is coming back  Its supposes to come back in the spring, but why now? This is wierd...
Crap! I'm still up! I'm tired but I can't sleep! I have class in the am then work in the pm!!! It was the Bosnian coffee!!!! 
CRAP! Just found out I DON'T have a cable outlet where I thought I did.  
Crap! My nap ran away with me again! Alarms don't do shit when you keep hitting the snooze button  That's it, no nap tomorrow.
Crap! Played with so many password combinations on different accounts for the past few weeks that I forgot my IIT password  I'm locked out
Crap! School tomorrow, goodbye holidays 
crap! The insurance company doesn't want to cover the loss of my glasses! 
Crap! The Western Digital portable hard drives at best buy were $129 yesterday, and are $179 today 
Crap!!!  NIN\JA and the poconos is over and only 1 day off left 
Crap!!! IDK you need 10.5.7 to sync notes. 
CRAP!!! THE LAKERS ARE LOOSING!!!!!!! 
Crap, all this stuff about the patch made me forget about a psychology test due by noon for my online class. 
crap, bollocks, Sh*t 
crap, i broke 10,000 tweets. i should probably just shut it all down and go live in a cave. 
Crap, i can't find my leggings 
crap, i hate trying to find a good icon tutorial. i just want a simple icon tutorial. i'm sick of using screen and soft light. 
crap, i just found out i fractured my arm  &lt;SUMMER!!!!!&gt;
Crap, I left my G33k B33r at work.  I was really looking forward to drinking it.
crap, i need another valance 
Crap, I need to finish a report. I guess Ill get that over with..... 
Crap, looks like #Sliderocket is down  #fail
Crap, my 13+ year old email address just got closed. 
crap, remember I had that operation on my knee? i just felt something bubble &amp; snap in my knee &amp; know it really hurts 
crap, remember I had that operation on my knee? I just felt something bubble &amp; snap in my knee &amp; now it really hurts 
crap, this eazy-e album is chopped and screwed and lame. 
Crap, when my wallet was stolen last week, I lost my @Starbucks card! Bummer - losing out on discount! 
Crap. . I can already tell today is going to be one of those days i shouldn't have gotten out of bed 
Crap. . I can already tell today is going to be one of those days i shouldn't have gotten out of bed  (via @JenicaNoel) how come
crap. have to break my &quot;no work in weekend&quot; rule  so much overloaded with work. aargh, hate it!
Crap. I forgot to wind the mantel clock. That thing's gotta be dead by now. Memory fail! 
Crap. I got a B.  Wanted Min B+. Must b them 7 mistakes.
crap. I have extra art tomorrow.  I suck at portraiture.. ah well, next: japanese!
crap. i just remembered tristan is getting his shots tomorrow morning... 
Crap. I overslept like no other.   
Crap. I should probably start getting ready to go. 
Crap. It happened again. woke up 30 minutes before my alarm went off. This has been happening for almost a week now! Time to go to work 
crap. it seems countdown consumed my batt 
Crap. Just realized I left my camera on the plane. Sad panda. 
Crap. No keys, which = no panda 
Crap. On the onslaught of a flu 
Crap. The cable to my Sennheisers finally stopped working completely.  Need to find a new one that fits the recessed jack they have.
Crap. The time was off on my camera. Now some of my pic of the day pics are messed up again. 
crap. They brought up his name again. Cannot escape ke! Stop reminding me of him lah- Masih tgh heartbroken 
Crap. YouTube is down 
crap.!! not in the mood again..my master said that he can't go here tonight 
crap.. fuck,, shit I LOST MY USBB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! again this is the 7th time ...man .,,,technology hates me 
Crap.. what is this regarding Eminem at Mtv Awards??? Totally missed it and the the show   Wanna watch from begining? Any ideas where?
Crap... morning already?!! 
Crap... my SG acct expired!  I &lt;3 being broke!
crap..... i dont think theres been a day this week when i've gone to bed before @thedartmouth tweets out the news......... 
Crap....I thought she forgot. 
Crap...I didn't make any $$$$$ the last two weeks. So much for a up grade on my iPhone 
CRAP...just remembered...ENGLISH EXAM TOMORROW ARRRGGGGHHH 
Crap...my dad's in the ER. Heart is acting up again..I'm scared. 
Crap: less than week till my exam and I haven't started the lessons yet, much less written my essays.  It's gonna be a FUN 5 days...
crapcrapcrapcrapcrappppp maria 
Crappy day  Derriford sucks.
Crappy day  My DVD didn't arrive and then the bookstore didn't have Eclipse in stock. How am I supposed to survive?!
Crappy day for my blog.... all the visits have been from a review I did a million years ago... Terrible 
Crappy day is crappy. 
Crappy day so far. Not gonna get better 
crappy night at work..      maybe make it better by putting a movie on tonight with a snack! 
crappy shift at work.  feeling a bit sad
Crappy weather a crabby person maketh. 
Crappy weather in Graz. Yesterday sunshine and 30 degrees. Today rain and 14 
Crappy weather rain rain and more rain.......wonder if i suffer from seasonal disorder kus i feel crappy 2???......... 
Crappy weather today, and I still get sunburned 
Crappy weather today... don't like it. 
Crappy. Shitty. No good ppl. I can't count on anyone these days! 
Crappy: can't make it to warped this year  Happy: i'm going to LA!
Crash aÃ©rien - Des dÃ©bris localisÃ©s au large du SÃ©nÃ©gal (via @lci) wow! I guess that's it then 
Crashed last night and am just now hearing about Celtics    Plus got to get to school early to help a friend--I am not an &quot;early&quot; person.
Crashed my Apple and try to survive via Nokia E71 and old MS Laptop 
Crashed out after a long week. My poor hubby not happy with how the Blazers did against Houston.   They'll do better next time.
CRASHED! 
Crashed/Rebooted my PC by attaching an external 2TB drive  By now it's working like a charm... very nice!
Crashing 
crashing benj's house and watching the nadal-soderling replay 
Crashing the #prville party but we came too late and missed @skydiver.   Maybe I'll get to meet and run with him next time.
Craving @TheFrankenStand 
Craving 4 a chocolate chip BlIzZaRd!!! Too bad we don't have a Diary Queen near by 
craving a bubbble bath with pink champagne! dont think we have any champs tho! 
Craving a snowball, but no one's there yet 
craving a subway sandwhich for some odd reason. wish i was on CA time. 
Craving an energy drink but might have to make do with tea since there's no coffee in the house. 
craving Carmines (theee best italian restaurant in brooklyn) 
Craving ChronoTrigger but i left my DS in my bag and left my bag at a mates  also i keep creating infinite for-loops, doh 
Craving Dairy Queen. Damn no one open around here 
Craving fatty foods 
Craving for a TimTam. 
Craving for all things I can't eat 
craving for pho.  sooooo cold in the office!
craving for tea eggs 
Craving icecream but Jay won't go get some   WTH!  Oh well....too late to be eating anyways.
Craving munchkins so bad. 
Craving my usual Iced Coffee majorly this morning but it's still a tad early to go buy one 
Craving Old Gold Rum &amp; Raisin.. Mmmmm. May have to settle for sunflower seeds and cranberries 
craving original flavor chips right now 
craving Paneraaaa! damnit why'd I quit....miss the free food 
Craving pickled onion Monster Munch but can't get it here 
Craving some #Moes right about now.  Missing my boys already. 
craving some al baik. http://bit.ly/iiIWK 
craving some bulgogi. too bad none to be found near me.  down side of living in small town.
craving some froyo right noww but time to run instead 
CRAVING SWEETNESS... i spent my last 50p on some depressing crisps now i have no money to satisfy my need for a twix.. 
Craving TAKOYAKI!  
Craving the cookies @AshleyLatona failed to remind me to buy... 
CRAVINGS FOR NEW GADGETS SO BADLY!! esp for BlackBerry  i want i want i want!!
crawfish at 6 with cousins! (: should be studying for the ap stats exam on tues though. 
crawfish for lunch, steak/lobster tail/shrimp&amp;crab gumbo for dinner. it's a seafood themed anniversary! steak wasn't great though 
crawled in to my little sisters bed after finding a ridiculously large spider in mine. 
Crawling into bed. Night tweethearts &lt;3 my knee is bothering me 
Craziier are off of msn! 
crazy # of meetings today!  trying to find the energy to drive home 
Crazy awesome grad party. Lost my camera tho 
crazy bike ride home &amp; entangled hair(ouch!!!) make me scared &amp; sad 
Crazy bitch wants to experiment on me now.  lol
Crazy busy day. No time for tweets  This will just make my day drag on....hope everyone else is having a great day!
Crazy busy morning 
crazy busy week.going to take a nap, then off to the dentist with shea for his root canal. Poor thing 
crazy commercials... i wish i had a sentient gorilla for a pet  an ape who gives you investment advice
Crazy crazy workin tonight!!  Hella storms hella rain, hella lightening!!  Gaaaaaaaa! Sooooo exhausted! :-/
Crazy Day Alberto I'll miss you when you move to Mexico tonite  but happy for you! Happy bday Amber Sade! Cas's bachelorette party tonite!
crazy day at work today.  truely not a good day 
crazy day for the online #doctorwho community at large - fear it is only the beginning as reaction to the OG closure has been fierce 
Crazy day! So Tired 
Crazy Day!! Still have the cat  Jess is a cheater! Dan Broke up with his gf! I need a job!! 
Crazy decisions were made today.   things are getting a bit wild aroud here.
crazy feelings 
crazy fires that ruined my movie on the river! poor tomi was scared  happy fathers day dad!!! i love u
Crazy internet connection, accidentally deleting my beloved photos and just when u think its over, power-cut 
Crazy lady freaking out that I took her spot in line at the animal shelter. Looks like no kitten for me today 
Crazy Legs is peepin @nina_parks at the pool hahaha She likes graf writers, not b-boys, sorry 
Crazy monkey man on bus. He remivds me of requim for a dream mother 
Crazy morning already  god please give me the strength to be positive today! PLEASE.
Crazy news -- Air France flight to Rio is missing.... I do hope it's just had issues with its comms, not actually crashed. Scary. 
Crazy over night weather  BLEH... only 1 day left until i can get my hands on &quot;LeftRightLeftRightLeft&quot;!!!!!!!!!! :danceslikeChrisMartin: ?
crazy party last night with all the student reps.  our last event together 
crazy past few days... my brain is feeling recharge after a good dose of Hay festivalness...not happy the sun is going to bugger off soon 
Crazy people at gas station. Does not want. 
Crazy traaaaain is took difficult on hard  I must conquer this song on hard
Crazy traffic, I expect at least an hour until I get home. 
crazy wanting to just hang out with my girl... But she is ignoring me... 
Crazyness. Madness. And a lot of whiny drama  http://myloc.me/29M4
crazzzy storm! And its only gonna get worse 
cream cheese kolaches are the BEST!!! #dietFAIL 
Cream crackered!!! 10k run round Oxford in 1 hour, 12 mins... with a sprint finish!! But got blister now!! 
Create income from home, one step at a time:  See http://bit.ly/r21Zus --Has a bad feeling about college 
Created a nice personal mashup to follow everything about pinkpop. Livestream, twitter and pictures. Couldn't be there  #pp09
Created a twitter account for this office account. 
Creating a copy of your music library in compressed format takes forever 
Creating a freinds list of the people that do/don't like bacon on Facebook. I will mute those that don't like bacon. 
CreativityDen's logo in top 10 over at logomoose http://bit.ly/149HlE  but not accepted at @Creattica 
CREDIT CARDS ARE NO FUN WHEN THEY ARE MAXED OUT!!!! 
Britney @ the MEN tonight and I'm not even going  Cunt @ My life 
Britney coming 2 ORL in Sept! I want tickets!  No 1 to go with though
Britney Spears no Kenan e Kel e eu perdi o comeï¿½o 
britney tonight! 7 hours travelling first though 
Britt said they put the tube back in this morning... she spit up green  
Brittany needs help fixing her BlackBerry!!! Sad day 
Brittany where are you?  I burnt my thumb while baking... it really hurts :'-(
Brittnee: Ohhhhh. SORRRY 
bro ; my mtes wnt to the pussycat doll an Lady Gaga concrt ; but i nevr  ; hw sad lol ; i WISH I WNT ! ;;x
Bro @jacksonak I'm soooo fucking tired. Imma have to get a raincheck tonight  call me before you go back home so I can see you.
Bro jus got sick 
bro just bailed.  its official.  sad 
bro just left. got to see him all of 10 minutes while he was here.  off to bed...have my 3rd 12 tonight. boo!
Bro Town is in it's last season ever! Lyonesse is in mourning 
broadcasting iiiiiiii ... timeout.. no response   @donald_juarez
Broke 2 bags in last week! 
Broke a nail already   Good night all..
Broke a nail... and my bails are real  well at least they grow quick!
broke another pair of earphones 
broke bitche$ get caught trying to jack my shit...-that killed it 
Broke blade on my radio controlled helicopter this PM   Luckily some spare on order.  'copter a bit too big for my garden, me thinks!
broke down and called a chiropractor.  Lets hope she can fix my neck 
Broke down on 51 and missed the wedding   http://twitpic.com/7xohw
broke her wayfarers beyond repair and is soooooooooo devastated! 
broke my favorite big bowl  haveing a bad day but somehow laughing lol..really cant wait till the new tim burton film comes out!
broke my finger at cheerleading 
broke my guitar string  now have to wait like a week for a new one..grr
Broke my iPhone last night. Well, kind of. Cracked the screen pretty badly, but the phone still works fine. Still really sucks 
Broke my iPhone tonight from slipping pedals landing on the seat from a tailwhip. my phone was in my back pocket.  iPhones are shitty!!!!!
Broke my laptop screen. How much is it going to cost me? 
broke my nail so bad at acme, now its bleeding nd i hav to go to the nail place to fix it  i juz got it done a few days ago! FUCK ACME!!
broke my nail, trying to get my cam to work... 
Broke my new watch 
broke my phone 
BROKE MY PHONE!!! Screen is white...I have to wait till I get off work manana to get a new one  I feel so lonely without it!! TTYL
Broke my phone... Yet again!  fml! Well I won't be in touch for a while! I love you all goodnight
broke my picture 
Broke my pitching wedge.   http://twitpic.com/6euxn
Broke my screen on my phone  sad day.
broke my specs 
Broke my toe nail 
broke night. i'm so drained  olivejuice&lt;/3
broke out in hives no idea why....worst thing ever. 
Broke the laptop again... 
Broke the news to the mother. No blues shopping can't cure  !
broke the string on my racquet tonite and played shit'ouse all nite  we still won 4 - 1 which was good.
Broke things off with my guy tonight and am really depressed about everything.  
Broke until July 
broke up wit Jordon a month ago and very sad!!!!!!! 
Broke up with my boyfriend  x
broke up with my boyfriend, and now going to end up seeing him tonite at my friends birthday party. i really hope this wont be awkward 
broke up wiyh my boyfriend he called me a whore and denied it and i had proof   
Broke up.  Long story !
brokeback mountain is pretty depressing.
Brokeback Mountain is so depressing.(
Brokeback Mountain sucked Ass..
brokeback mountain sucked everybody's mother's balls.
Brokeback Mountain sucked.
BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN SUCKS....
Brokeback mountain was a horrible movie, i mean how the those hollywoord people even make a movie about two gay guys..
Brokeback Mountain was a shitty movie.
Brokeback Mountain was just as depressing as the first time, but I'm glad I went to see it again.
Brokeback Mountain, Larry McMurtry & Diana Ossana-the book sucked, movie was way better, they had a lot of work to do..
Broken air conditioner!!!  thank god Palatka Heating and Air is here to save the day! I couldn't sleep at all.
broken ankle  good news new pink cast yippee bad news 3 more weeks in a cast booooo
Broken bridges was a good movie, off to bed soon I have to get up early tomorrow morning 
Broken computer..twitter.  i miss you!
Broken DVR while recording show = 
broken finger   but braces off !!!!
Broken gas gauge + mechanic driving my bus = thought I had more gas.  @mattbratcher and @briantruong had to push it to the station.
broken glass in the kitchen- not fun, bad kitty.  
Broken guitar string already!?!? no more practice for me 
broken heart...need i say more.  sometimes dont work out the way we expect them to.
broken hearted 
Broken hearted, macbook screen cracked, again.  and of course when its time for my spanish lesson.
Broken ipod headphones don't make for a good music listening experiance  Reading in 71 days !!!
Broken link  So simply enter the following in Wolfram Alpha: sin(x)=2sin(y) , tan(x)+tan(y)=2, 0&lt;x&lt;pi/2, 0&lt;y&lt;pi/2
bronchitis and flu.. grrrreat.  so miserable 
Bronchitis and unemployment with a side of peeling sun burn is my favorite combination! 
Bronwyns bored 
brooke called me gay 
BROOKE IS A LIER D:&lt; &amp;&amp; i need a huge 
Bros going to conners i wanna go 
brotha has two sistahs ! NOOOO ! 
BROTHER CECI! REST IN PEACE. 
brother is gone...  but he's coming back next weekend!!!
brother is graduating today!!! i was just a baby yesterday when did he grow up? 
Brothers game . Lost  back to hotel . Add my facebook.
Brothers now in Â£5 packs of stubby bottles in Morrisons. Non-festival friendly glass still though  http://shar.es/29qJ @Brotherscider
brought me 1 of fave breakfasts n all i can do is stare at it. smell makes me nauseaous 
Brought my drums to my house. I miss playing here. 
brought my ipod today, but its worthless.... no charger...  epic fail  
Brought the kids outside while our driveway is still shaded. Its already hothothot out here. Sweaty Texas sunblock skin is the best. Not 
brought the lil' girl with me down south!!! What a &quot;ruff&quot; ride! Poor thing 
Brought the pup to work today b/c she has a rash. 
brought tuna and low fat triscuits for lunch, but frankly, I want noodles &amp; co. darn! I'm gonna be good  http://plurk.com/p/y784k
browbeaten Irish people waking up to their wonderful clergy, finally. http://bit.ly/YrtZo  My Nan would be rolling over in her grave 
Brown rice for lunch. Boring 
Brown wins by decision 
Brownie sundaes at Five and Dumpster. Blood Bros on iTunes. Palm Reader was closed  Fun at the 371 anyway.
brownies are a bit of a disaster. gutted  soz lise
brownout  oh third world
Browser inconsistencies will be the death of me. Can't everyone just use one browser? 
Browser is back up and running, I can now see what everyone else is up to, I was getting twitter withdrawls 
browsing the internet wishing i had money to buy myself some new clothes 
Browsing themes gave me an idea for a tweak rather than a full out change....putting my coding hat on &amp; frustration will soon follow.  
Browsing Threadless cause I have street team points to spend, and this one is sold out in my size  http://tinyurl.com/qndquz
Brr I so picked the wrong day not to wear a hoodie to work... 
brr, i'm so cold. at the moment doing my assignment on Huntington's Disease, which is really depressing 
Brrhh, tis a chilly yucky Monday, it's getting me down 
brrr cold today weather ism't everything. Weather was nice yesterday nice and sunny now too much clouds 
brrr it's cold  yee dinner time! Let's go and eat something! 
brrrr it's cold &amp; it's just started to snow 
brrrr...is very cold... Tomorrow I should get up very early morning...  
Brrrrrr! It's too cold  and we haven't even hit winter yet
brrudutrasomene knows the book &quot;Auto of the Barge of the Hell&quot; ? OMG, i hate my portuguese teacher 
Bruce is closing Giants Stadium with the last 3 concerts ever played there...tix on sale 2morro last time I will see Max's posture there 
Bruce soldup his Foodworks store and went away 
Bruins lost  Carolina's goalie Ward was godlike in his defense of the goal.
bruised and battered after Miriam's going away party - going to miss you Mir 
brum don't feel so good.  
Brunch in 3 hours, so NO breakfast this morning 
brunch with @brandonsavage before he leaves for chicago 
bruno took my sharpie 
brushing my teeferz then heading my butt into work... i feel like a zombie. Thank good ness this is a short day.... i want a nap 
Brushing my teeth was a challenge. Ouchhh. 
Brusters Ice Cream is awful, I will settle for carvel since there is no Friendly's in Smyrna  family ice cream search
bruv theres a perv on the forumm  LOOOOOOOL
Bryan makes of me for being on twitter 
Bryce is seriously god at beer pong  why can't two drunk people beat two sober people .. Hmmmm I wonder :/
Bryce's little brothers are really mean to me 
bsck in the office after an ace weekend riding Welsh trail centres 
Bsnl broadband is down for more than 24 hrs now. 
Bsnl broadband is down for more than 24 hrs now.  http://bit.ly/OcT2u
BT &amp; Demon ISP - ADSL2+ FAIL  Given a mandatory 'free upgrade' to ADSL2+ yesterday, my LinkSys ADSL2+ router hasn't worked since, livid 
bt deee...cant go home earlier 
BT's service is mother-flippin' awful. No internet at home until next Thursday  On the plus side, my Black Hawk Down Blu-ray came today.
btw - miss haning out with all my apple friends 
btw - we didn't drown and the leak is under control! No tornado and the hail didn't damage my truck &lt;3 Tornado season, not my favorite 
BTW - went to the Lily Allen concert last night. She was great, so were her fans. Felt little old, though  Good signing, good entertainmen
BTW does anyone want an old G4? I'm about to go drop it off at recycling. 
Btw Eventbox is available for free on Macheist for every visitors. Unfortunately I switched to Tweetdeck  http://macheist.com
btw everyone, happyfathersday  my daddy aint here! 
BTW Good morning Twitterville! @TalkingWithTami I hope you don't have what I am STILL trying to shake! @Enchantedpr too.  Get well soon.
BTW I am back from the Gold Coast, fun times, can't get out of school to spend time with friend  damn school
BTW I didn't get the teaching job yesterday  gutted.
btw i hate ants..i dont have anything they want so couldnt they just leave me alone? 
Btw I haven't take my breakfast. Ffiuuhh. Bunny, I'm hungry  http://myloc.me/2ZCe
btw i totally miss having my blackberry or might i say crackberry... my mums teaching me a lesson for losing it no new one for me 
BTW im working on a social studies project on child labor. www.freethechildren.com I feel so sorry for the poor kiddies 
BTW is there a picture around of the dead rat in the elevator from a few weeks back? I didn't get to see it as I had the flu 
btw le 2eme americain sexy s'est foutu de ma guuele pck javais twitter!  OFFENSEE lol
BTW no drunk talk tonight 
BTW No goth/industrial night in Oklahoma city I checked throughly. 
btw school people,  am not at school today because i have suspected glandular fever 
BTW storms have done something 2 our wifi. Twitter in all forms isnt updating in &quot;real&quot; time. I might seem late in replying 2 @ or DMs. 
Btw this is REN.....hahahaha oh...... Where is ronald?  hmmmm
btw whats wrong w/ being single? and if i turn into lesbian i'll let u all know 
BTW where did u guys get the 40% off coupon anyway?  I didn't get one!    and @holli what r frustrated about? Take a deep breath &amp; just...
Credit purchases exceed my income 
Creepers  ty cynthia
creepy chan did not win antm .. she was my favorite 
creepy dream last night, never want it to happen in real life. Watched role models last night. It actually wasn't funny 
creepy guy who peers into the newsroom window... not cool 
Creepy Outdoor on the speedway: Alli is now in Portugal... Seems not so good 4 losing weight  not healthy!
Crepe O' Chocolate is closed 
Crest white strips make your teeth hurt...everyone should know this 
crest white strips! holla...then shower and bed...still got this awful headache 
crew still setting up for the next scene. air con switched off cos of noise 
cricket matches in EME..! n i cant go   project deadline
Cricket practice makes my back and organs hurt.  Why am I cursed to be so good at it?  
Cricketers with Patrick to use my bar tab cuz i'm poor      come!
cricket's been called off 
Crickeys, #markmartin is going backwards! @jen_niffer  #nascar #clap
Cried at a film for the first time in ages last night! '7 pounds' is so sad 
Cried for hours over my wedding band being lost. Not expensive at all, but oh how much it means to me.  *Rach*
Cried her heart out, im really gonna miss everyone 
Cried in school just now cos of Math results  Hate crying in public. Got 1st in class for English, though 
Cried like a baby watching cruel intentions 
Cried my wee eyes out to greys anatomy, nice 
Cried myself tosleep last night finishing Cobra Trap, wish I hadn't 
Cried yesterday watching &quot;Uptwon girls&quot; AGAIN! 
Crikey Moses, was in and out of the Post Office in less than a minute!! And the stamp I needed was only 90p wooh! Back to work now  tired!
crikey that plane thing makes me feel sick. brings the old fear back 
Crikey today seems to be a generally shitty day. 
crime 360. i need a life.  and some money.
CRINGE Fainted whilst lending my gardening skills and got send home  lack of breakfast and/or sleep suspected reasons!
Cripes - it's Wednesday! Would have liked to have been home in time for #SpicksnSpecks but don't think I'll make it 
Cripes! I can't find someone who will make and hand out some McFly flyers in the near of Braunschweig  That sucks!!
Crippled with pain 
cris on real,this so sad!!! 
Crisis averted!  Phew! On a different note, @AmeeC3 and @Zelenski....you guys are making me so proud! tear!  wish i could have joined 
critical thinking exam... im going in... pray for me 
Critique with skees sucks. I've had about two hours of sleep and I feel like death 
Croatian Airlines didn't deliver my suitcase. GREAT! Welcome to Zagreb.  ------------------
cromags was really awesome tonight cruel hand was bringing the mosh outbreak was sweet the mongoloids i missed   but sleeping naked  ...
cross i'm not a faster runner to reach the phone 
cross your fingers and beg for me-have to clean up the whole house  http://bit.ly/zOPRv  lazyyyy
Crossed the Mississippi while I was sleeping 
CrossFit for BBBS was good, not as big a turnout as I was hoping for tho'  Will have to do another one...  http://tinyurl.com/ns5yvz
Crossing glennwood spring, just passed the first DQ - closed  ...boy it sure sticks, sulfur @ it's full strength
crossing my fingers that i pass my global exam 
Crossing my fingers, I'm on call for Jury duty 
Crossing Paths is a sad Pokemon episode. 
Crossing the Delaware Memorial Bridge...again...in the same direction. We made a loop.  darn tricky google maps for interstate changes.
Crosstown Classic cancelled 4 2nite 
Crosswords are possibly the best things to do on long car rides. French fries and coke, however, are not. Esp. on bumpy roads 
Crown &amp; Sprite &amp; Beatles. Alone! 
Crud. My iPhone iDied again. 
Crud. Thought I had those spymaster tweets turned off.  Sorry, tweeps. 
cruel world doesn't want me to communicate with Bartek 
Crumbs in the bed 
Crumbs! So sorry to see Rafael Nadal withdrawing from Wimbledon 
Crumbs, I got sunburnt at Kew yesterday.  A red face is just what I needed to make going back to work tomorrow easier 
Crummy morning. My birthday gift from Grant- a lefleur de lis charm- fell down the drain this morning 
Crummy weather in OAK this week.  Where's the sun?  
Crunch time before a whole 3 days out of the office. Seems people think I'm going away forever. Meetings rest of day in T-21 minutes 
Crunchies are awesome! I only have one left now!  Got 80 bars for easter, finished them tonight!
crunching numbers, not the best thing to do all day long 
Crush and diet pepsi are the only things sold out 
crushed 
Crushed  im gonna cry, theres no intrest free thingy. What about credit card  im so sad...
crushed my phone in my car door... please no texts or calls or bbms cause i can hear them but can't read them 
Crushing loss for Lil' Evil. 
crutches  leg brace        no heels for prom!! whyy meee
cry he's gone home 
cry me a river? ..don't mind if i do. 
cry myself to sleep tonight 
Cryiinnn Becusss @StarrNeishaa Bee Abusiinn MEee =/ :'( 
Cryin' over Grey's Anatomy... 
Crying  because I have to put my dog to bed forever today. It is best for him. He is blind and deaf. 
Crying  literally why did you run under my car... Now im a marked man mister bunny   
crying 4 day old baby next door / thin walled terraced house / awake since 5am / barely keepin the sleepdrool of my monitor.zzz..uh...zzz 
crying because i can not find Robert Pattinson 
crying because the animal shelters are full, please people start adopting :'( the poor kittens now are going to freeze 
crying cause my dogs gonna die 
Crying her eyes out 
Crying in a public bathroom the night before my wedding b/c my groom says he doesn't have time to drive me to the hotel so I can sleep 
crying in my grandparents room 
Crying induced asthma attacks ftl. 
crying like never before, its OFFICIAL im done 
crying makes my face hurt 
crying my eyes out! neva will be loved! considering a home bleach job to turn myself blonde. bo hoo.  
Crying my eyes out, because my boyfriend left me 
crying over broken memories 
Crying over seeing my dad cry afterr losing grandpa last year 
crying over that bastard!!! 
Crying over this Denver game 
Crying puppy. 
crying real tears 
Crying so much gave me a headache.  i know i'm leaving but it's still hard.
Crying to my fkkn Playlist  Idk what to do anymore. I really don't. I want to do this today, But I'm so scared.
crying today made me more sad I hate being sad  2morrow is another day I know the day will be great keep me in prayer every1
Crying w/ my teacher  so cute.
Crying! Hotel for dogs is so sad! 
Crying.  and for some reason i don't want to say
Crying.  I don't even know what about this time. There are so many things I cry over, right now I'm just crying like the stupid baby I am.
Crying. I'm going to miss you, Bro Ceci. 
Crying. Just said goodbye to my little sister before I leave for college. 
Crying. My doggie isn't doing well &amp; I'm sad that she's suffering. Went 2 pet her &amp; she started crying. She doesn't recognize me anymore 
crying.. thinkin about my pap, i miss him so much 
crying... again. 
crying? yea close to that..  im not happy.. i will nver be.. miss u guys, all the good times.. wish i can return to those times..
cryingggg !  i just want my maui back â™¥
Crystal doesn't feel good today. 
Crystal's Funeral this morning @ 11 
C's mom has to work today.      Happy Mother's Day to all. Keep looking after me from wherever you are, Jackie.
cs so I can't even google it  youu?
cs4 has failed, going back to cs3 
CSN-CA having some major problems tonight -- mainly lack of sound on A's game 
css galleries becoming free ad targets, many submissions intended to promote products, not design 
CSS-ing on an empty stomach without resources and google = headache. can't mem'rize.  but was able to do it anyway. :-D weeeee
CT trip cancelled  for now anyway, not that bad I guess. Probably the best for now, will see what next week holds!
cu?i cï¿½ng cï¿½i scim ?ï¿½ xong, nguyï¿½n nhï¿½n scim khï¿½ng ch?y lï¿½ ch?a complete remove skim 
Cubbies didnt play well  they better show up tomorrow
Cubbies game cancelled!!!  what a heartbreaker!!!
Cubs R delayed   damit........
Cubs win...Egypt wins..(I was rooting for Italy  )
Cubs: Wow! Big out to close the top of the 3rd. Bang-bang play to 1st. &amp; it's starting to rain. 
Cuckoo bird is nearing extinction 
cuddle weather 
Cuddled up with a napping toddler (sshhh!). No movie for me today, after all-too much to do.  Looks like we are joining a gym-bye Wii Fit 
Cuddling up to a cup of airbourne and a Samantha who marathon...someone please put me out of my misery 
Cuddling up with brett before I leave for vacation...I'm gonna miss him like crazyiness! 
Cuddling wif my fav shirt in my room.     almost in tears.
Cuddling with my kittens and kinda wishing we were doing dinner for my roomie, still. 
Cuddling with Sammy before I leave him until Sunday  My baaaby!
cudnt eat all ma dina  feel bit ill now lol
Cudnt get in to blizzards gig in liexlip. . . Heart broken.  in ozone, ahem, ZINC Instead. Mobile twitter wont let me DM Them either.  ...
Cudnt sleep until I did these and I promised myself I wudnt  si llore llore de tristesa q asi no era lo q queria pero de felisidad porq se
cuh...im faded n dnt get this shit &gt;:o...i give up 
Cuhs I want to talk to you on the phone.. And plus you still have to do hw  we barely talk today. I'm sad that your having fun and I'm ...
cuil is a very nice search engine.. i use it for 1 of 3 search querries.. google is still the number 1... 
culley is stupid i wish i never met him 
Cup noodles for lunch 
BTW, hey ppl. lol TGIF. Hopefully ur day is gr8. Mine is aight. Feeling like it kinda sux I got no plans 4 the wknd.... 
Btw, I feel semi-awkward going up to people to say hi. Especially when they're famously famous industry peepz 
BTW, I killed a snail today. 
btw, i went to mac and sephora today. only got a few things. i forgot how much i missed makeup 
Btw, I'm angry cuz someone took my chilaquiles and I want 'em so bad 
btw, i'm so tired at school 
btw, just started following @BaylorStudents, @buLariat, &amp; @BaylorScience ;) too cute. and mine&amp; @whitericepanda's 8 month is offish over 
btw, my dad just called me irresponsible . hi, I know . 
Btw, My friends house burnt down this morning, due to a stupid chip pan. She now has no home, no stuff. All she has is a pair of PJ's 
Btw, see you @frazzle, i know i wasn't good before but now i'm properly terrified of the dark after you made me watch you play fear2  x
Btw, that reminds me how much I want to watch Tim Burton's movie of Alice In Wonderland! So bad that we have to wait another year 
BTW, the calorie fest at mom's today turned in to a serious stomach ache. There's a reason I don't eat that kind of stuff anymore. 
Btw, this is totally not awesome at all.  
At the office as usual 
at the office on a sunday     not a fan.
At the office on a sunday afternoon... Sucks 
At the Omni Parker House waiting for the all day ERM/CIE Directors retreat to begin. Joy. PS Tweets today may be under duress. Ugh. 
At the orthodontisssttt 
at the parents'. NOthing from the boy yet. 
At the pediatrician for Campbell's 4 month old shots  #fb
At the plaza  bout to head home gotta clean all day at btree tomorrow http://yfrog.com/13ys1j
At the pool, looks like rain  In words of ol Winnie, &quot;oh bother&quot;
At the pool.... by myself! 
At the pub with Alice about to go in the ball pond  Hate that iPhone camera blurs so easly  http://twitpic.com/800er
at the rate the 2nd ave subway is moving; this is gonna be one noisy summer...jackhammers all morning.. 
at the redi med. getting checked for strep throat. 
At the registers...I hate working Saturdays! 
cupped at PCG today..what a way to depart 
Curbed the car! Alloy refurb ï¿½100 new tyre ï¿½380 plus vat.  Great 
curently lyin in bed unable 2 sleep 
curfew suuuucks.  also gotten eaten alive by Mosquitos tonight.
Curiosity killed the cat, maybe I should tell myself that more often 
Curled my hair, and burned my leg with my curling iron. Now I have this nasty mark that I know won't go away  ouuuchh! It burnnsss!
curled up in a 3'x3' shower with earplugs to escape poor emo music and has to sleep that way 
curled up on the couch like a question mark, mind like jell-o. ah, tis such a joy to be a woman 
curled up on the couch watching 'The Hills' season 1. I feel so sick. Someone cheer me up 
Curled up on the couch watching tv. Boo being sick 
Curling irons suck!!!! owe 
Current condition: Still sleepy, aches everywhere, knee still injured! 
Current gripe: never being full 
current infatuation: Aviator sunglasses. Fuck my myopia. 
current mood --------&gt;  sad 
current state of affairs in iran and pakistan worry me 
currently @ 43% battery 
currently at dancing. Waiting for class to start and really tired 
Currently at work wishing I was at Bamboozle! 
currently atempting the begging of hell........A.K.A..dun dun duuuuuun.....Personal statement 
Currently being quarantined. Sucky shit. 
btw....to all you trancers, there are some good parties coming up...I'm sad for the Bas &amp;Ram break up party especially  #asot400
BTW...who put glue on the clock hands? Now my clock will never show 3PM...and I forgot my Sonic Screwdriver 
Btw: I'm starving and just wanna eat 
btw: jeremy is d 1 who started d whole siennica thing :0) I &lt;3 him even tho he only lets me have 2 drinks  he hates it when I drink. lol
bub left  watching some interesting movie tho w/ my sis
bubble bath time, i feel like shyte 
Bubbled on second. Even for the night 
Bubbles on charm school is so amazing. Lol. Kinda sick, not able to meet lauren conrad today. 
Bubbletweet hates me 
Bubbly is in the keg - still no bottles  They are due to arrive Monday/Tuesday ... have Monday off so fingers crossed!
Bubu is sick D: My poor boy 
Bu-bye Hawaiian Monarch. See you soon when I expect to cower in your innards 
Buck is smelly  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5715656
bucketting down here so likely no Cricket for me today  Might get bullied into DIY (
Bucky, my ferret officially has insulinoma  Now on daily prednisone. Had interview with p-doc today, have to go back monday for testing.
Bud light  I want dos XX 
buddha is back from vaca tonight  were plotting to make her quit, any ideas?
Buddhist Chant(Om Mane Padme Humn) By Me&gt; click to listen  http://ping.fm/oulFn
currently crossing the stateline into Arkansas. Chicago seems so far away    6 hours down 11 left to go!
Currently dealing with chicken pox children  they are playing wii
Currently dealing with the fact that the world doesn't revolve around me. Oh dang 
Currently deleting inactive members. Who knew so many ppl are missing out!! 
Currently disappointed, the new wii game (The Conduit) that was due out today has been delayed by a month 
Currently drinking effervescent Vitamin C. This sore throat is getting worse... 
currently dying from a sunburn. 
currently finding a shit ton of old friends on twitter and realizing my life is wicked incomplete without them  &lt;3
Currently has a sickness unknown to my doctor  hope to get better soon
Currently I'm wishing I didn't have to wait 3 weeks for this new job to start 
Currently in Denver &quot;Nug&quot;... excuse me, &quot;Thugget&quot; country   GO LAKERS!!!
Currently In school  wants her 8 hour beauty sleep.
Currently in seattle at aunts house. Couldn't go to michaels birthday thing  Oh and LAKERS&lt;3 2-0 OH YEAH!
currently in shitty/overly grumpy mood..must be cuz of gay schoolwork which is due 2moz plus lack of sleep 
currently in the middle of a HORRIBLE night of sleep.  so frustrated and tired, feels like im barely sleeping.
Currently installing Sam's (I SiXFiFTeeN I's) CoD Phwoaaarrr disc to my HDD, because I must've scratched my campaign and it doesn't save. 
currently learning how to play some piano pieces. totally suck man.  but i can improve, hopefully
currently listening to No Air - Jordin Sparks and Chris Brown. Why, Chris? Why? 
currently listening to the talented works of McFLY. those boys sure can sing! off to work in a bit too  I HATE MONDAYS!!!
currently listening to: green day - nice guys finish last. I miss my blip 
currently looking for my back-up battery for my voyager  it's gonna be a looong ass night, with NO sleep in sight D:
Currently napping in the lobby of the hilton ohare 
Currently on brand new MacBook Pro. Very nice. Except the ethernet port is all messed after the memory upgrade. Can I fix? Must exchange? 
currently reading Rollingstones. &amp; I'm really hungry! Don't know what to eat...&amp; a lil lazy to cook something extravagant atm. 
currently researching for Cyclops Attacktix on the web. I only see prototypes. 
currently revising physics - just the thought of sitting the exam on wednesday makes me wanna be sick 
Currently running OS 3.0. It certainly was not a straight-forward update. Many little issues cropping up post-installation too 
currently sick 
Currently sitting at my turkish class... Just received my last test - it's an E 
Currently think I'm lost or the driver at least. It's too hot 
currently thinking that my head just may explode...  stoopid course...
Currently trying to decide on DSLR for america: sony alpha200/Canon 1000D.Currently Sony edging ahead by sensible layout but no live view 
currently trying to do science fair project, not fun. 
currently trying to download media player 11 for xp and not getting far, my other media programme stoppped responding to me 
Currently trying to get to level ten on this vampire thing, still wishing my damn PSP would work. Have to wait til Monday to get it fixed 
Currently under tooo much stress gonna watch some Supernatural episodes to lift my spirit (no pun intended) loosing my job after 9 years 
currently using iPhone with 3.0(7A341). a bit buggy here and there but wort of all twitterfone doesn't work well 
Currently watching &quot;Roommates&quot;. I miss the NYC!!! 
Currently watching modern marvels: ice cream. I've never wanted ice cream more in my life than right now.  
Currently working in the waste water treatment part of the plant, filthy horrible dirty place. I now own a black macbook pro 
currently working on a new track... it sounds awesome... but it still need to finish up the other two tracks... lol im sleepy... 3:42 EST 
Currently: Beckley, West Virginia. Dead possum. 
Curry even too spicy for Mr. C, so not a hope for me to fully enjoy. Big shame as this is usually my favourite one  *sad*
curry for dinner tonight! work till half 10 
Curry good. Cider bad. My head hurts 
curse my ipod, running out of power when my laptop is m.i.a. i have to use my phone with its broken headphone. I'm retro but monophone is 
CURSE MY SLOW INTERNET. I miss YouTube 
Curse school 
Curse the recession period of today's society!! Can the world get any better than this worst-case scenario. 
curse those myspace surveys! arg! They are making me sad  Jenny, you should read my survey and make one too!!!
Curse you sinuses!  I feel like I got punched in the jaw 
Curse you, BT and your crap  broadband speeds. It's taking an eternity to FTP the updates to my site. 
Curses foiled again! 
Curses! I hurt my knee again 
Curses! My office has too much interference, and I can't get a clear signal on @wfan660.  No Wayne Hagan for me today. #Mets
Curses, my yoghurt exploded in my bag on the way to work. Now everything smells like toffee 
Curses, no movies yet, no HD Incredible Hulk for me it would seem 
Cursing and swearing 
cursing consciousness, then catering....uhm, with my mom. I was hoping for some alliteration. 
Curtain closing time again 
curtains drawn. just my pretty christmas bulb on. okay, moment ruined. nofx killed pretty love song .ipod on shuffle wasnt the best idea 
customizing a cv for evening/weekend restaurant work. 
Cut a bit of skin off my finger... Owwwiiieeee    I think its time to go to bed now.
cut all of Jace's hair off! AHHH what was I thinking! hehe He looks like a little man!! 
Cut down a ton of bushes, brush, 2trees, etc Saturday. Now raining again so the jungle's gonna grow right back! 
cut my bangs too short!!!  gonna have to pull off a slight side bang look....
Cut my chin open on my binder 
cut my finger  ouch!
Cut my finger on my braces 
Cut my thumb with the saw in small metals   again...
at the retreat and hating midterms 
At the royals  game in the rain 
at the sadest part of the movie 
at the salon. Under the dryer... The worst part of it all 
At the school for the disttict track meet. I don't wanna go 
At the school library with Wyn and will be here till midnight. Nervous about the walk back home - Wish I had brought an extra jacket 
At the shop til 6ish then home to an oh-so empty house  Soon to be refurnished tho...patience, patience.
At the spot wit @tahiryjose and she's mad at me.... I'm so sorry tahiry I would never violate...    please dont be mad!!!!
At the stables waiting for Vet to check on JB's swollen knee 
At the star trek event down in Philly. I hope johnathan is going to like it. He didn't even know what live long and prosper was. 
At the store all day and my phone is dying 
At the studio all day.. I miss my baby already lol 
At the summer solstice jawn at the Kimmel Center. No reception in here 
At the take that concert with the mrs. Mobile internet isnt working! Thanks o2. 
At the TFC game.. Tfc is down 1-0   http://twitpic.com/6rqr8
At the track meet. It's boiling hot! 
At the Underground with @milleinad and Jordan. It's so sad 
at the USO, bored. I know daniel wants the computer, so its making me slow, because I cant think of what I want to do. 
buenos diass on my way to skool secnd to last day awhh 
Buff's beach shoot has been delayed due to rain.  Poor Buff. 
bug bite on my sunburn  (dammit typos)
bug bites on me everywhere!!!!! 
Bug in damn cod4 system link. My map pack isnt working 
Bugger ! Can't find my Army Pics ! Oooh ! 
Bugger its all good today!  Might have to error check things then 
bugger! lost WiFi in theatre  #fb
Bugger! Went past my 2000th tweet... I was saving that for a special occasion. 
Bugger, got rejected for Sainsburys  Need to go job hunting again...
bugger, i can't find the instructions for my communication project anywhere. guess i have to download them again 
Bugger, I can't find the Rock of Ages cast album anywhere 
Bugger, nice weather so no way to put off the garden type jobs that need doing 
bugger, ustream.tv isn't working for me  Just get a black square...
bugger.  there's a bit of lag though.  that took 5 minutes to come through.  oh, sorry the yarn sale sucked.  
bugger. didn't put any fruit in my lunch. 
Bugger. I was wondering why it's a bit drafty downstairs. I have discovered I have I hole in my favourite jeans. In the crotch area 
Bugger. The black ink is out on my printer again. 
Bugger. Thought my day off was tmoz, but im working tmoz. Day off is wednesday. 
bugger. YouTube has a 10min limit on all videos now. Now i have to split these suckers up 
Bugger.. Forgotten my pwd... I can't work 2day 
bugs are taking over my house wtf. pincher bugs &amp; spiders go away 
Builders down stairs so can't watch tv. I'm stuck revising  oh knows
Builders have ripped out the bathrooms. Let the replacement begin... Not something you expect to have happen in a new house 
building African dance and ancient Greece/1940's costumes for 2 productions at once. Also baby still teething 
Building new PC. Component manufacturers - thank you for making it so easy to install your products, I love a challenge 
bull bull bull! this is what you call a true jonas fan. i think.. haha, i am so depressed today. i will never get over it 
Bulldogs losing 12-1 after 2 
Bullocks this i cant get back to sleep 
bulls and mavs...nice if only indy was in it 
bulls let me down  maybe the mavs can boost my morale. fuck the celtics.
Bum, my C4 exam is actually this morning  This makes me sad. No time to revise. Should be ok though, I won't fail, that's factual
bumbed contest ended 
bumbed out that im not going out to Halo   My friend kept my debit card and I dont have $$$. Punk! u shall pay for this!
Bummbed that danny didn't make it  he so deserved it
bumme,  facebook is down 
Bummed  I deleted my college e-mail from FB and it took me out off the FSU network...now I can't get back in as alumni status 
bummed ... weekend  winding down to a close    Sucks , they go by WAY TOO QUICK , ugh, especially this one, caught up on  some sleep  ?
Bummed Abisha couldn't make the trip.    Next time.
bummed about all the rain at Bethpage 
Bummed about Jon and Kate filing for divorce... 
Bummed about school being over. I miss bubba 
bummed AND i can't sleep  fml
bummed b/c hubby won't take me to vegas with him next week 
bummed 'bout the Youth Camp being postponed. 
Bummed by new Grizzly Bear album. Doesn't capture brillance of their live show.songs just not that strong 
bummed by the skewed proportion of zankou chicken to garlic paste 
Bummed cause my computer broke, so did my keyboard And also i cant play guitar  WHAT AM I TO DO?!? Lol
bummed cuz my best friend moved to san diego and the guy who was getting us drake tickets flaked so bff far away and no drake tomorrow 
Bummed for teammie Kirsten who ran into bad fortune (it ran into her?) In the tunnel of today's race. 2x in 2wks is 2bad  Get well so ...
Bummed I couldn't get #Olympic tix for the figure skating.  Stupid virtual waiting room.
Bummed i couldn't talk to some one 
bummed i didnt get to see manchester orchestra bc it was sold out, i spent all night buying tv shows on itunes  lame
Bummed I don't get to see Vincenza for a whole week 
bummed i have poison ivy in my eye  so inconvenient.
Bummed I have to go back to work today 
bummed I missed you, me and everyone we know,as well as not spending time with @tylerkingkade for he's leaving tomorrow for 2 weeks 
Bummed I won't be able to enjoy my suprize bonfire cuz I gotta work 
Bummed I won't get to talk to my girlfriend until maybe Tuesday. 
bummed im gonna miss the pens game 
bummed i'm not out at the integratron.  i am looking forward to the playa ROM though!
Bummed- MJ and Worm DNF at Olympus. 
bummed my big sis is delayed @ SFO when she could be hanging out w me.  @ 901 columbus getting some work done.
Bummed my hubby has to work late. 
bummed my son didnt get to go 2 universal studios...Hes really sick 
Bummed Nadal didn't win   Double-bummed I can't watch the French Open live  
Bummed out - I hate it when people leave  @sundayraviolis
Bummed out as I am not going to Splendor in the grass 
Bummed out now because I just heard that Farrah Fawcett passed away this morning    - I had her famous poster on my wall when I was a kid
Bummed out on a Friday 
bummed out that I cant open PSd files at work 
Bummed out.  Stomach bug kept me from racing today 
Bummed out... My sweetie informed me that this weeks road trip had to be rescheduled  
Bummed that @craig_gowagon is now going t chicago for the weekend. So much for hanging out with his gf 
Bummed that @natalie_gulbis missed the cut  #golf
bummed that @SafetySuit is playing in the 'noog tonight and i can't go. 
bummed that Ashley is going home    should have been Caitlin.  #sytycd
Bummed that GRO doesn't have any Cali dates yet! 
Bummed that I am not smeeping in on Mother's Day 
bummed that I have to work on the last day my family is in town... 
Bummed that I won't be going to Bandung with mum next week, thinking that I still have the ticket. Might or might not burn it. 
Bummed that I'm gonna be spending my bday in a hotel in texas 
Bummed that I'm in the usvi while everyone else is getting new iPhones boo 
Bummed that I'm not able to enter the Torrid.com Black Eyed Peas flyaway contest as an employee 
cut myself 4 times in my finger while cooking 
Cut myself shaving really bad. Had to get a bandaid and neosporin. 
cut off my dreads  over a foot of hair and now left with 2 inches. have to start over because i was not please with the look.
Cut the feet of a pair of pantyhose to make them look like leggings under a short skirt. Am in selfhate but it don't look so bad... 
Cut. Just realised i left my wii remotes in newcastle at the parents house. Now ill have to buy a new one tomorrow to play on my wii fit 
Cutco, your knives are so nice and sharp! Great in the kitchen. Not great in my thumb. 
cute (flaming?) dude here - selling house to Roomie = no more xtra $ 
Cute bear just started working at gas station in Richmond. Str8 tho.  LOL
Cute blue dresses...cute cute shoes...not so cute faces  (disappointed when they turned around)
cute guy at the coffee shop next to where I work. do I stalk him? but a single shot of espresso is like $3 
Cute little stripey cucumber beetles are cheerfully stressing out my golden zucchini 
cute pic at uni, during the last sunny days in april 
Cute waiter at islandss ;) too bad he's short 
Cutie you my everything. All i ever wanted. We could do it real big bigger then you ever done it. 
cuttin' this football field of a yard..... my front yard.... and my neck is feelin' the main preportion of this heat..... poor neck... 
Cutting a wisdom tooth and it's giving me the worst headache! Not to mention my entire mouth is killing me..ugh! 
cutting hair allll day  wish i was outside
Cutting the apron strings tomorrow. Sigh. Driving big kid to his new place of employment in Nova Scotia. Will try not to cry. I said try. 
cuz *OF fighting lol. i wasn't fighting. twas actually josh, the old singer of confide who was fighting. wack 
At the vet with a sick dog  http://twitpic.com/67clz
At the vet with Artemis. She's very sick. 
at the vet with Gaskarth. Hope the little Shit doesnt die 
At the vet with my kitty. 
At the Well. $2 drinks and I'm not drinking. 
At the worst store in the world....Wal-Mart! Ugh 
At theatre. Sitting watching rehearsals. Getting butterflies. 
at this current moment, musical theater is my least favorite thing ever 
At this movie that Hubby talked me n to seein... 
At this point - writing off membership fee to IBNMA as a waste of time and money... 
at this stupid thing with my dad dying of heat exhaustion and boredom  help me 42836018
at this time I want to be in dallas 
At this Tmobile class in frisco!!! Boring!!!!! I am so hungry. This class don't end till 4pm! So it's gonna b a while b4 I can grub. 
At Thunder! But they are telling people to take their tents down.  Well we aren't until all the other hundreds of people do! So there.
At tia Eva's Wake 
At times, I wish he would put the world at my feet, like he always did.. How he wanred it for his pwincess, but I KNOW that we CANT 
At tmobile updating from the new lx, can't make up my mind! 
at Tula for appetizer and drinks. No Shish Kabab tonight  It's ok, I had my Zeppolis earlier.  http://twitpic.com/685uo
Bummed that it's going to rain on my day off this week 
bummed that my sis is gone! and all my boys are gone too  cuidense muchachos
Bummed that of all things, IE7 and IE8 kept me from attending tonites @xcodephoenix meeting  I so wanted to relive WWDC over again !
bummed that our camping trip to NY got cancelled 
Bummed that the people I feel closest to in the world live the furthest from me. I want to move back to the States 
Bummed that the thunder storm they promised us passed us by in 10 minutes 
Bummed that the Virtual High School AP Economics course is all filled 
Bummed the above ground pool didn't work out. 
Bummed to be leaving the lake  .. Home then work in the morning.
Bummed to being going home...without jason. 
Bummed to call it an early night  but weddings only happen once.....sometimes..
bummed to find out I probably coulda gone to bike blessing.  too late now   I'll get to see chasin mason soon, I hope
Bummed to find out that Miami Ink will no longer air   http://alturl.com/t7tw
Bummed to learn that my brother is a Celiac, too. 
bummed we aren't in LA!! Wish we could be seeing JJAMZ tomorrow! 
Bummed when the NFL takes a break...  
Bummed! Was planning to ride my bike in this morning but work got in the way. 
Bummed!! Wish all I had to worry about was how much profit I'm going to make this month!! 
Bummed!!! MAVS!!  Nuggets are dirty players!! I couldnt look at the end of the game
bummed, cant play  kno how ya feel dar
Bummed, had to say bye to my little man this morning  I can to this, right?
Bummed, my grandma left to go back to NY. 
Bummed. Been signed up for RWA 4ever, and might not be able to go b/c of possessed SUV that catches fire and only parks in reverse. . 
Bummed. Can't sleep with rachel, my throat hurts, i smell bad, and now i can't sleep. 
Bummed. Ordered some fudge from http://www.schmidtsfudgehaus.com/. Week later. No Fudge. Get runaround when call -- (Ken's out of town). 
bummed....they were sold out....  
Bummed...boyfriends off to Rome for three weeks without me 
Bummer . . . . I got NO #squarespace love today 
bummer ... win7 doesn't support my old, trusty hp laserjet 
Bummer ....the new sound sytem just died?  
bummer gettin ready and my shirt from urban totally ripped  it was soooo cute !! purple one i love purple
Bummer Nuggets  What a great season though!
Bummer of a day...spent $360 on something I really didn't need to have done, then found out my car needs $800 worth of work before Thurs. 
Bummer out of Cyan ink so no cute hamburger baskets.  Cupcakes will be done in a few. Now, do I have it in me to roll/bake &quot;fries&quot;...
Bummer SNL is a rerun tonight 
Bummer there was a power failure on my street 
At University of Hawaii's Hamilton Library.  Doing HW  drinking orange soda 
At UP but not 3D. 
At Valeries Housee bored  my mother made me commmeeee grr.
At Vancouver airport roaming through the duty free shops... Uhm, is it really duty free? $154 for a pair of sandals... I don't think so 
At veets with my poorly pus, for the last time.   Very Sad 
At vets with my kitty.. She's not wanting to walk ok her back leg.. 
At Victoria. Full of food.  missed fast train by mere minutes 
At Village Pointe movie theatre for Carter's birthday party. NIGHT AT THE MUSEUM instead of UP. 
at villar hermanos working....R.I.P geancarlos  http://mypict.me/3V5x
At Wal Mart resisting the candy ailse...focusing on this low cal Berry Boost drink made from 100% juice. Who needs a Snickers bar, right? 
at walgreens buying some medicine. not feeling to good 
At Wallys, sittin outside with JWood and etc. I need me some Sam 
At walmart to get car fixed with dad for 4 HOURS NOW!! 
At Walmart. Had to drive our van cause my keys are STILL stuck in the ignition! 
At war with mosquitoes. Been bitten loads! 
At Watsessing Park out for a run. My Nike+ sensor isn't working!   http://bit.ly/2tGiB
At werk!! Can't wait for the hubby to pick me up! Not feeling that great neymore ... Ui got the montly curse 
At what point are you starting to Twit-spam others? Over eight posts a day? Over eight posts in four hours? Over eight posts an hour? 
At wheelock... Having great dinner with San San... Hehe... The waitress doubts us... She say we order too much... 
Bummer! I peeked and saw who got booted on SYTYCD. 
Bummer! Its suppose to rain on me and Alyssa's B-day on sunday     #fb
Bummer! Just collected from the dry cleaners my new $300 skirt that had red wine spilt on it 1st wear - stain hasn't come out...annoying 
bummer! missed out on seeing Bruno for free from see film first.  they only sent the email 3hrs ago and tix already gone 
Bummer! My first Nat'l, same thing. It SUCKS! Sorry.  @MelissaFrancis Re: book out after Nat'l
Bummer, can't hear PHish from my house tonight   Could hear NIN when they were here though!
Bummer, fever doesn't seem to be compatible with Dreamhost 
Bummer, i guess the release of iPhone OS3.0 will happen on June 17th Apple Time? 
Bummer, looks like I'm going to have to work tomorrow. 
Bummer, my coworker is gone today.    now I'm gonna be bored!
bummer, the bell on my bike broke off 
Bummer, this book sale was not nearly as successful as the last one 
Bummer. It looks like TalkShoe is having troubles again today. No live Geocaching Podcast.  We'll record offline and push back the topic.
Bummer. MacBook is bugging out  Any Mac heads want to lend a helping hand.
BUMMER. Made it just in time, but cops had busted the final checkpoint, scattering the organizers 
Bummer. My favorite pen just ran out of ink 
bummer. my internet crapped out the entire night.  didn't get to listen to the commentary for roddick-monfils match.
Bummer. No lion  sad face. Still pretty stoked i got this far. Weo.
Bummer.. My parents said no  well, cuz we can't have pets in our apartment anymore so bahhhh lamesauce !!
Bummer... @HotAussieGirl won't chat me up since I am not hot like George Cloony 
Bummer... DCA is doing south departures! I was hoping for the capital scenic tour! 
Bummer... Drag Me to Hell made even less... $15.8 million for the weekend. 
bummer.... ;           bummer day
Bummer...if this rain keeps up, I dont know if I can head to Ida's show 
bummerrrrrr...david's video for touch my hand is number 21 well that was fast. ohh and theres thunder &amp; I dont wanna unplug my laptop! 
Bumming at home  yeah I'm lame lol I know
Bumming...website still not fixed.  
Bumped from fourth to last 
bumped my head few times at the gym.. so far, not passing out yet... Not sure bout tomorrow... 
bumped my knee on a bedpost. Huge big bruise 
Bumping Air Supply's Greastest Hits 
Bums - i've just realised i forgot to register to vote tomorrow. 
At work   leave for Berlin at 17:00 by car, will be a late arrival
At work   Positive thoughts, positive thoughts. Woooosawwww
At work  And it's our junior open day - I had no idea! Thank god for Spotify + headphones.
At work  at least theres good music on
at work  but i have internet connection so i'll survive.
At work  can't wait for the beach tonight
at work  diiiirty cough
At work  Had a TropicalNight! 
at work  i wish it was time for the jews
at work  it's so nice out
at work - its the open day and im in the office doing more emails and addmissions stuff - wanna be out with the new students 
at work  last night was fun! drunk and swimming in my underwear.
At work  my mom's hungover like none other. That's what she gets for ditching me AGAIN! &gt;.&gt;
At work  not happy
at work  on break listening to @jonasbrothers in the car, woo. so so tired! roll on half four.....three &amp; a half hours *sigh* x
at work  one more hour left @SIMafia should def be cozied up in weather like this smh
at work  the stupidst job in the world LoL I can't wait until my last day YAY!
At work  tiiiiiiiiired in Oshkosh, WI
At work  was gonna go to the Peoples fair to see my auntie but its hella raining....
At work  watching pizzas come out of the oven.... My eye is all puffy 
At work  what is everybody doin' tonight??
at work  when am i going to meet a rich man so i dont need to work anymore lol xx
At work  wish i could go out 
at work  wishing i was at home...
At work  with Jessica. Haha.  http://twitpic.com/6bbqx
At work ! 
at work &amp; it's month-end &quot;crunch time&quot; blaaahhh 
at work .. completely bored .. and i cannot even read my book 
at work .. i'd rather be at hope's 'surprise' birthday party 
at work 11 hours today yay me  but interesting convosation last night !!!(VERY)!!! INTERESTING but ppl say alot of thing when the half way
At work again 
At work again   1st of 3 night shifts then holidays yoohoo
At work again  but what a great weekend with my @SuperV_713 :]
at work again... I swear you would think that is all i do 
At work all day.  
bunch of work to do first 
bunged up 
Bunnies want to stay outside on the grass - I feel mean taking them inside for the night.  Silly Brandy bunny 
Bunny Chafowitz says I have to come eat    More chit-chat later.
Buon giorno. At work early as hell 
Burglaries in puyallup make me scared 
Burlingame MDM classes are cancelled  
burn notice was ok, still waiting for micheal and fee to get together!!  #teamftsk
Burn tongue on yummy tea. Boo 
Burned herself again. 
burned my finger on the BBQ grill 
Burned my Freaking hand w chicken broth. Sadness. 
Burned my pinky finger.   It hurts soooo dang bad. Oouch! Hope it doesn't affect my workout.
burned my shoulder with a curling iron 
Burned my tongue! 
burned out, toasted, crispy, 3 weeks of being gone and another 9 days to go seems hopeless 
Burned out,I don't want to go to mom's house. 
burned the crap out of the roof of my moth  now it's all peely
Burned the ever living hell out of my wrist. WHY DIDN'T ANYONE TELL ME THE STEAM EMITED BY BOILING WATER FROM A TEAPOT IS HOT!! 
burned to a crisp 
burning a copy of twilightprob going to take like 9 hours.   
burning car CDs cos I'm totally bored of the one we have in there now and Matthew won't let me put the radio on 
burning cd's,,,,,,,,, fucking outa blank disc's 
Burning DVD's then going to bed~ Gotta find the kids a new TV tomorrow! Theirs just quit working tonight  ~Loving my babies!
burning Mos Def - The Ecstatic ... why do I still feel like a bootlegger even though I got the album from amazon mp3? No new CD smell 
Burning motorcycles in the street at 5am in Denham!?! Its turning into Bexleyheath 
Burning series and other stuff on DVD, because my 320GB and 500GB external HDs is not enough for me. I really need to buy more one HD. 
burning the roof of your mouth hurts so badly 
Burning up in the heat 
burning up! its soooo hot! its prolly going to rain in a little bit  ... oh well. weekend at carita! yay! cant wait for the road trip!
burnt back last week, am now peeling and been eaten alive my mosquitoes. I am a mess. 
burnt back!!   when will i learn?! when reading a book outside....find a bit of shade so you're not in direct sunlight for 4 hours!
Burnt bodies here at Stuff HQ - Also gave away the winner of a bike race to the MD by accident! - Had to make tea to make up for it 
burnt from the beach 
Burnt his hand cleaning up other people's mess in the kitchen.  Hours under the tap and it's still fucking killing me!
burnt my apple pie cause i couldnt hear the timer 
burnt my arm making burgers yesterday...HOT OIL!!! Now it has red marks on it 
burnt my armpit cooking 
Burnt my bezel too!!! Oh no! 
Burnt my dinner  What to watch Die Hard 4.0 or a few eppisodes of Pushing Daisies?
burnt my ear with a straightner now it's all red  *please swell back down*
burnt my face laying out in the sun today 
burnt my finger on the oven 
burnt my finger via spilling tea like an idiot 
burnt my finger. 
burnt my finger.. 
burnt my finger.. again.. do ovens always have to be hot??? 
Burnt my fingers curling my hair.... owie 
burnt my fingers while preparing lunch 
burnt my hand on the deborah-lee furness 
Burnt my hand on the oven rack baking buttermilk biscuits  ..
Burnt my hand with the toaster oven... Ouchie. 
burnt my leg with hot chocolate  drinking hot drinks when drunk isn't the best idea lol
burnt my neck this morning w/ a straightner!!!!how gay the day before graduation 
burnt my pop tarts  I didn't bring any other breakfast to work this morning.  And I have no cash so the cafeteria is out.
burnt my thumb so bad on my hair straightener this morning... doing girlie things can be dangerous sometimes 
Burnt my toast 
Burnt my tongue on green tea. Not amused.   http://bit.ly/ZWkJ check it out! Delicious!
Burnt my tongue on pudding  fail.
burnt my tongue on soup...now i need popsicles 
Burnt my tongue... 
burnt my toungue  studying and j&amp;k+8 laterrrr
burnt myself making marshmallows... 
burnt on my shoulder  2night was actually class!
burnt out the bulb in my lava lamp. That makes me a sad lemur. 
Burnt the shit out of my mouth eating homemade pizza  it's too hard to wait for it to cool down!
Burnt the tongue.  grr.
Burnt, yet still white. Wahoo. Jennifer's coming! Ready for ADTR concert! Hopefully Mitchell won't be at camp  I meees everyone.
burnt. owey 
burnt..avoiding the sun today. i miss my boy 
Burr it's getting cold in here. And my headache doesn't like it 
burrito does not look like it's going to happen today. My plans are taking a hard hit today.  http://myloc.me/2O9W
Burrrrrr. Its colddddd. &amp; my tummy is hurtttting. 
Bus arrived 17 mins late but I don't think we're going anywhere soon since the driver got off 
bus is late again 
Busch Gardens Tampa! Leaving my phone at home, no rollercoaster Tweets today  #fb
Busch Gardens with the family! I have a feeling the day will be filled with kiddie rides. JOY! No roller coasters today 
buses keep driving past, they all work  not fair !
Buses with kids: Cedar Point has them today. Must...restrain...urge to kill! Still spoiled after yesterday... 
Buses/weather conspired against me, so I am in NYC this weekend   Errands, reading... the Met later??
Busiest day ever!!  Do not like.  
Busiest pre regatta day of the year and I'm sent to work in London for the week 
business coursework is soo freakin hard 
Business is sooooooooo slow 
business meeting not going as well as i anticipated. 
Business plans are pretty much the opposite of fun 
Busing to the park with matt its looking quite gloomy today 
bussiness manager at our company joel is a very organised person. I need to learn some skills off him. i am terribly disorganized 
Busted  Mmm fried chicken. It's the sabbath again! Worship music in the werkplace FTW!!!4!! Back to werk now - rly rly hot out here...
Busted a tire on my way to work. Hoping to scratch together something to pay for it.  are you sure it's not Monday???
busted all her money in a few hours  http://plurk.com/p/11aixv
busted her back and is walking like a 80 yr old dog.. No dancing, no running  Takes lots to stay positive!
Busted his jaw some how and it hurts ow! 
busted iPhone â€“ razor sharp 
Busted out in 7th place...suckie, but fun 
Busted out the guitar to jam and maybe even write a song and then... Broken string  Game over.
busted the first table of the 4 K  to weak/tight fish that hits the board most of the time..shit happens
Busted up my knee pretty badly doin' ground moves.  Excorcist steps will have to wait for my  punk limping self to heal 
Buster just growled at me.  All I'm doing is typing...He's trying to sleep. I swear he acts like a human...Minus the whole growling part.
Busting another all nightet tonight  someone talk to me!
busting for the loo but cant be bothered to get out of bed 
Busting your ass....NO BUENO!!!!! 
Busto! Shoved from LP w/KTos, met up with AA. Ouch. QJ on flop made it interesting, but no improvement. 
busy again .. for next 2 weeks..  
Busy at work 
Busy at work and not really following the game 
busy at work today.  Didn't eat lunch until 3 pm.  
Busy busy busy ppm fpm initial telecon...pms pula  http://myloc.me/5y5s
Busy busy busy... No mothersday dinner tomorow, aunt sick, sad tilda..  Soon on my way to anna.. Need to get ready first.. gah
busy busy day ahead! have to pack all my stuff! clean the whole apartment! moving out tomorrow!  but I'm so tired!
Busy busy day. Sad to be packing up   my Kate 
Busy busy morning. Invigilating, collected curtain, carpet, paint samples, vets. Now time for a nap. Oh and I still have toothache 
busy busy running around  And have to teach a new coworker
Busy busy! Meeting suppliers,manufacturers and sourcing!! To top it off, what a great weather to work. 
Busy cleaning today while Josh sleeps! Poor thing... I think he may have gotten 10 hrs of sleep all week 
busy day ahead  McFLY TOMZ (Y)
busy day at work, every1 seemed to phone today. had forms and translation to do...did nothing!! too bad 
busy day at work,today...yuck   Sonoma coming up this weekend!  Road course...my favorite!
Busy day gardening and planting seeds today  now to start with the work 
Busy day here at Kudzu Atlanta -- Double-dosing on the Emergen-C! Cold germs galore  Doctor visit? http://bit.ly/MFWWt
busy day i dont know if i can do it :s @marine_d if i dont come its because i cant dnt hate me 
Busy day today! I have to get up at eleven.  i'm used to sleeping til at least 2! Lol
Busy day! 
Busy day, I need to study a lot so probably not much live tonight  E3 next week!!!!
At work already  i dont wanna be here... I have all wierd people around me...
At work and bored 
at work and can't watch #E3 conference! 
at work and completely bored!! blah! I need a hug. 
at work and facebook doesn't work 
at work and has an hawaiian tan except for my red face 
at work and i just realized i have to work early tomorrow  work sucks-
at work and in a bad mood 
At work and in pain!! 
at work and it sucks big time 
at work and its Raining 
At work and just started getting really bad stomach pains - Owwie  - Nobody else is here, so I can't go home early
At work and my feet are killing me and i dont get off till eleven       *~{LiFe GoEs On}~*
At work and super bored 
at work and tired. doing reports... fun! no not really 
At work and what a rubbish day 
at work as usual...my back is pretty sore...darn the idiots who can't drive!  
At work boooooo!! It's quiet  want to sell lots 
At work bored as fuck 
at work bored out of my mindddddd... ready to get off  and its only 12.
At work bored, bored, bored. 
At work can't wait to get out 
at work chillin' wit my buddy LoG... i think my wisdom teeth are coming in  i'm in sooo much pain
At work day dreaming bout DR 
at work doing website stuff with a slight fever and tiny headache 
At work early. Maybe we'll get out early too... probably not. 
At work exhausted  blahhh
at work feeling a little emo. I think the weather is getting to my head lol it's too hot 
At work feeling bad 
At work finishing this double shift 
At work freaken bored and hot  I haaaaate the summer it make me so grumpy!
At work gay. 
Busy doin homework. Got nothing exciting to tell you guys... kinda boring huh... What am I gonna do this weekend -&gt; Home alone... 
Busy in Office 
Busy last day in the office: SEO strategies, client PPC, Invoicing, reporting, client calls and some affiliate stuff if I can fit it in 
busy like hell    i hate mondays!
Busy Monday, 2:30pm and I still haven't grabbed lunch. 
Busy season I guess consists of AC2 , bioshock 2, and the new halo game?  I want my old job back 
busy start to the  day  at least somone made what tastes like super caffinated coffee
Busy summer coming up... Shit. I'm already busy enough. I miss you guys 
Busy week - both at work and at home. I'm moving this weekend and haven't started packing yet 
Busy week coming to an end...hope I get a new car next week. Also hope my Pep is better soon. 
Busy week starts tomorrow  Can't wait for the semester break and Christmas break and of course -- summer 2010 ;)
Busy week! Advising appt, dinner with new roomies, 2 tests, and tons of homework 
busy week, church, dress rehearsal, spring show thursday &amp; friday. missing mix fest &amp; wtk 
busy weekend it was...found time only now 
Busy with my reflection document, kinda boring. 
at work getting a quick bite to eat before having to kill my wrist self addressing 500 envolopes 
At work going mental this morning. Somebody help me . Only 7 hours to go 
at work going to practice the song &quot;If all the raindrops&quot; with my kids for the gazillionith time starting to hear it in my sleep 
At work hardly working. Someone should come visit me. Kinda lonely. 
At work hating life 
At work having lunch-tuna roll! Whoopidoo-not as exciting as yesterday  what a let down!! X
at work having sum coffe its gd :-D i needed sumthing 2 wake me up i was a little sleepy  xx
At work I don't like today its nasty outside  can't wait to get home today and clean my house!
At work i got stuck with a horrible loner phone while mine get repaired 
At work l, working  Yay prom tonight &lt;3
at work like a zombie....wondering who my real friends are 
at work mad as hell about my car and how i am gonna get another one??????? 
At work missing my family on this special day 
At work n not happy about it. Make the best of it 
At work n not n a good mood   everyone's bein hateful n i miss @AndyR3w so so much!!
At work not exactly working...my poor clients 
At work not feel to well. I'm not feelin been up today. 
At work not felling so good yet this morning. Just really tired. And a sore throat. 
at work now  crunchin numbers
At work now and I'm waitering this breakfast ahh I better not drop anything 
at work now Boooo!   miss being out with @mannyishere and fam
At work now, boohoo 
at work now, lovely day, @eckafatcat going away tonight - going to miss her   Wish I could be at home to enjoy the weather
At work now. TIRED and sick to my stomach. I only got 2 hours sleep. 
at work on a 24hr shift and trying hard not to miss my family to much 
At work on a Saturday  5 hrs better fly!
at work on a saturday... how sad 
at work on a sunday 
At work on break dont wana go back boo 
At work on lunch!!!!!!!!!!! 5 hours to go. Just found out i work tomorrow am 
At work on Mother's Day 
At work on my day off 
at work on saturday 
At work on Sunday 
At work on this pretty pretty day  I'm still sore from going running THREE days ago! It was a nice try...
At work once again  miss my gf
At work once again and getting sick its great fun.. I dont know what to do anymore it feels like all i do is work and make ppl upset 
Busy working , i wish i had time to be here 
busy working on a new kit... and a couple interviews done...Yea! The weekend! Pray for my Uncle, still young and had a massive stroke!! 
Busy, busy, busy Father's Day weekend has me missing both of my grandfathers. 
Busy, busy...me {Its is too cold} I don't want to go outside 
But @dndrnkrd is a dick. 
but @pennyessex Humira isn't right for everyone. Some respond better to Enbrel. Ask your Rheumy. But not much long-term testing done 
But 4real imma miss twitter. Im not gon b on it 4 a week 
But a less than encouraging evaluation of Google App Engine 
But actually i feel bad for him 
But all of my Twitter friends are on the east coast so I can't even drunk chat with them 
BUT ALL OF THAT ASIDE, I'M MOST UPSET THAT THE EXPERIENCE WITH THE COP MADE ME WANT TO JUST HEAD HOME, AND I DIDN'T GO USE THE AIRBLADE. 
But anywhooo all das wishful thinkin cuz most are so absorbed in themselves to notice anyone else.... 
but aparently shes goin to her dads today......which means i won't see her before i go away.....it'll be ages 
But at the same time, i feel guilty 
But because my sister's didn't wanna come with me earlier, they took off to the movies now, leaving me bored and all alone 
but boy, do i regret it... all i wanna do is throw up 
but cramps is backk 
but crazy for yaaaaaaaaaa!!!! haha jk jk... i don't have anyone to be crazy for  lame
But doing the #squarespace idea is truly brilliant.That's why I keep doing it. It's a great marketing strategy that I won't actually win. 
but Ed deserves a whole week and i miss him. now he deserves a whole month. 
but feeling utterly alone and lonely. 
But first should see if i have any money left 
but first..cleaaan  bleah :|
but Florence has the best leather Goods.  I want some new bags...   Hate having caviar dreams on a bestland's chicken egg budget.  lol
But for Federer not much interest left at the roland garros!  All guns gone with the wind!
But for realsss, I do feel like vomiting 
But how would a random girl from the Netherlands get the leaks? @eesti93 Thats a bad thing 
but i also hate brokeback mountain and am kind of glad that it lost.
But I also wake up to a bump on ma bottom lyk a SPider Bit me....maybe thats what woke me up...damn it! It hurt 
but i am already burnt to a crisp and unwell its probably best i avoid the sun 
But i am at church feel so down 
But I am le tired!  @ Work http://loopt.us/YNzgXA.t
But i cant cause i asked for it for my bday and im pretty sure ill get it.....on july 22nd! 
But I can't find her 
but I caught him drinkin my water  http://twitpic.com/4ijt4
but i changed it 
But I didn't. I couldn't stand to miss those Smoky Mountain Marketplace meetings that I love so much. There is even one tomorrow! 
but i ditchd blanca,alicia[mexican1] &amp; @briitbrandnew  not kool. but i had to see muh jessi! itz been 8mnths! &amp; her partee was fun! xD
but i dnt wanna go2 work.. i wanna help u unpack 
but i do still like her and want to see her in concert 
but i don't sure this solution can be fixed. 
but I dont think their on anymore 
but I dont wanna go to work  would rather stay at home and sing all day!
But I don't want to be spoiled. 
but i don't want to change. 
But I don't want to go to work 
but i feel lonely 
but i h8 revision soooooooo much 
but i have to go to work now. 
but I have tooooo, or my literature period will be two forever 
But I just can't seem to sleep.  this suuucks. And there's never anything on at this time on Sunday mornings. Anyone else notice that? Lol
at work pretty tired n feeling pretty sick tooo 
At work sick  about to leave and I jus got here at 5pm
At work since morning.  but I have almost 5 hours to go, hope it would go by quickly.
At work thank god for dvr cause i fell asleep before tru blood so sad  ; ) Kris
At work thinking about new iphone. To bad my company doesn't allow cell phones with cameras. Ugh 
At work thinking and watching The Notebook.... This movie is so romantic 
at work thru the weekend 
at work til 5  cookout by the pool later!
At work til 5 - thinking it's going to be an unproductive day. As beautiful as it was this weekend is as nasty and ugly it is today 
At work til 6.    I'd much rather be boating
At work till 11:00 
At work till 5 
At work till 6 
At work till eleven 
At work tired!! Damn I work all week long no break 
At work today, I sang in Rock Band for the first time!  In other news, at work today, I sang in Rock Band for the last time. 
At work trying not to fall asleep or give in to the stomach ache 
At work trying to wake up..didn't fall asleep till 3 
At work until 430 or so. My neck hurts. Booo 
At work until 5 now instead because Kara wants to leave early.  Oh well, more hours is good...
At work until 5PM; boourns 
at work very bored.. suffocated by worries.. 
At work w/ a headache thats sitting behind my eyes so looking at this computer screen isn't helping any&gt;&gt;&gt; 
At work waiting on next hair client! She has hair down to her butt! I'm going 2 B here awhile 
At work want to go home 
at work watching the rain!!!!what a life i have,wish i was with my babies.miss you 
at work when i should be at mifflin... 
At work while Derek has a day off, the first one in months 
at work whilst all my chums are at union t in the sun. ho hum 
At work wishing i was at surge 
at work wit a dying phne 
at work with a HUGE headache 
at work with a major headache 
at work with earcache  staring out the window at the sun  boo hoo hoo
At work work work work work work. 
at work work work work..     I think my days being a scientist are over if this keeps up
At work working on my cases! 
At work wrist hurting for no reason 
At work! 
At work!    it sucks soooo bad
At work!    writing a newsletter about something of the politicar party that I don't know and I don't care...  great! *sarcasm*
At work! Blah! Maybe PAU was right...shoulda done a negative on those coronas! 
at work! fun 
At work! Hungover... 
at work! i'm hungry!  i wanna have dinner! boooo!!!! and my cellphone says : LOW BATERY every 5 seconds.. i hate my day so far!
at work! sooo bored. i wanna go to the beach 
At work!! Gonna lay out today if it gets more sunny! Trying to carmelize... Cotton mouth anyone? Yes right here!! 
at work!! im so ready to go home 
At work, bloody tired 
at work, board 
at work, bored stupid and depressed after that poor display by falkirk yesterday 
At work, but feel a bit sick and wanna stay on the sofa 
at work, but I got a pain in my belly 
At work, fuck my life. I forgot that Stef and I switched work.  I couldve saved 8 dollars and gas and eaten lasagna....
At work, i left my ipod at home. 
At work, i miss working early. Time passes so much slower on the late shift 
at work, left my phone at home 
At work, my feet still have cuts on them and my work shoes are not helping. NEED BANDAIDS 
At work, not looking forward to getting off , i have nothing to do today. 
at work, on a saturday 
At work, only cool person working but we barelyeven talk. :\ I miss mah hoes. 
At work, poor Rexie has a dry socket... 
At work, really really hot  later gator's moe is out!
at work, still freezing 
at work, SUPER exhausted  its goin 2 be a LOOOONG day for me!
At work, tired and kinda sore. 
at work, wondering how to get from one building to the next.....its raining and i have no umbrella 
At work, worrying about my poor baby girl whom we are going to have to wake-up every couple of hours tonight. 
At work.  Lights going off once an hour...
At work.  no rest for the wicked!
At work. 3hours left to go back home 
at work. alone. i am so lonely! 
At Work. Already finished my book and I have nothing else to do  boo occupy meeee
at work. Big storm  listening to Offspring on tv, which is AWESOME and theres no work to do. Seeing Terminator tonight, YAY!
At work. Easy day. Sad tho that the clouds are overcast 
At work. Got some very sad news yesterday: Fishy died  My dear fishy, my friend for 6 years... He went to fishy heaven.
At work. Grrrrrr 
at work. hung over 
At work. I feel sick though all of a sudden.  I'm trying to stay positive. Tough shit.
at work. i'm so sleepy 
At work. It kinda sucks 
At work. It's going to be along day.  #squarespace #trackle
at work. Kittens with Dave, going to shelter when it opens. Just found out there are already 59 kittens there 
At work. Miserable. Kill me now, before I cry. 
at work. nothing to do all day, no tasks. lindsays finishing the only one up right now...hooray!!! i feel so sickly 
at work. on my break. soooo tired and even moreso over these people. ugh! have to work 12 hrs tomorrow  id rather die
At work. On my lunch. Starving and I forgot my debit card. 
At work. Only have 2 hrs where I won't be by myself. 
At work. Soo tired 
at work. staring out at the rain makes me sad 
at work. super busy. getting a drank. upset. 
At work. Today is cold but I gonna to the cine with Jess for some fun. Want a Starbucks's coffee. 
At work. Whole body is sore 
At work. Yay. My throat still feels weird. Ugh. I don't want to get sick. 
at work.. 3 homeless people begged me for money while i was walking down Mill ave. sad 
At work.. Ahh hope the next  4 hours go by quick 
At work.. Gonna be another shitty day 
At work.. I have a headache 
at work.. i really wish i went to V.A today..  i'll make up 4 it some how this summer...
at work.. I'm so tired 
at work.. meetings cancelled 2 days in a row.. wow! perhaps everybody's on holidays already.. 
at work.. missing my miami fam @anywayz, @abigaildsouza, @mrohboy32, carolina, jonathan, @Prtyprincess, @JessDosil &amp;&amp;&amp; more 
At work.. Nothing on my desk  what to do?
at work...  having little/no success   &quot;if you got research on the first try they would just call it search&quot; ... it keeps me going
At work... annoyed and moody but that's cause I'm tired as hell and feel like I'm gonna throw up. 
At work... anyone wanna join Megan and me at the gym later?  Sorry @ruthigrace23 
At work... Boo! 
At work... empty... bored... v.bored... 
At work... I wanna be in bed 
At work... Rockin The Killers in my &quot;office&quot;. Boss made me loose the Mudveyne CD.   LAME!!!!
At work... Seems to be the story of my life... Really feel bad... 
At work... supposed to be a day off but too much work to get done for PLM World... sigh 
at work.... cold and rainy..... not cool 
At work.... Really isnt the same without jazzy fizzle.... 
at work..... 
At work...... 
at work...... Its too nice 2 b working 
at work....... 
At work......Day 2 of my last week in AP........I wish I were at home in bed right now  Blah......
at work.....what else is new.......my coffee taste like a donkeys ass and im hungry 
at work....wish I could have slept on my break....it will be a fun drive home 
at work...boring then ITALIAN TEST 
at work...EXHAUSTED...had a hard time sleeping last night  i need more coffee than i have on my desk right now...for sure!!
at work...hopefully not another 12  hour day 
At work...I have had the hickups for 2hrs now!! My head is killing me and my chest is starting to hurt! 
At work...on a Saturday   Oh well, at least its not super nice out
At work...so SORE 4rm The Nintendo Wii    That tennis and boxing...WHAT A WORK OUT!
At work...waitin to punch in... Wishing I were still in bed 
At work..bored n hungry! 
At work..I can already tell how exciting my night is gonna be 
At work..missing Mothers Day with my mom  first one ever missed.. Get off at 5!!!
at work..with my shity instant coffee..I did not have time to go to Dunkin  I was running late
At work-I wish I could go to CALI with Jackie!! 
at workk until 6:30  fml
At Wyatt's with Jer, Ray, Mike, Stacey and my new bestest friend Charlie! I wish I could go back to England with him 
At year one   Brit is mad at me 
At Yesterdaze and no one will skank with me!!   i love me some ska!
At yvonne's casa ; going to eat breakfast with her donna and bry. fuck braces 
At ze gym.. Y so crowded 2nite? 
AT&amp;T is expensive. I can't let my iPhone go. 
AT&amp;T people? Are your txts working???mine are not. 
AT&amp;T service sucks right now   Bad AT&amp;T!
AT&amp;T signals an abrupt end for prepaid iPhone plans http://tr.im/oAVr - Hmmm... Not good for older ATT customers! Join the pain! 
AT&amp;T Wireless can kiss my ass. I REFUSE to pay $200 extra for a new #iPhone 3GS just because I'm an existing customer. I hate ATT.  
AT.com is done and missing... so not fair... got to find Kamil... this is sooooooo NOT funny.... 
ate a full meals... that will suffice for a ppl of two... and now struggling to sleep.. 
Ate a huge bapao. Not my fave kind of breakfast.  Prefer Bacon and Eggs instead. Heh.
ate all the fruit tingles. 
ate an olive I thought was a grape, nearly died of disgust 
Ate at curry rice stall instead. Plans keep changing! We combed the supermarket for peanut tan yuans just now but its sold out 
Ate at miyako! Last minute trip errands... Magazines, nails done, etc etc already missing frankie and we haven't even left yet 
Ate at mongolian for dinner...  It was good, but only if i made the sauce... 
ate at wantabe, it was okay. had better korean food down the street in the ghetto. good times with the deacons. i feel bad for their dog. 
Ate breakfast at IHOP with Andy. Strawberry crepes!!! Andy just got back from fishing trip Saturday night. Now I'm cleaning house     lol
Ate cheese sticks for lunch. XD. Its kindof foggy outside and it rained. 
ate dinner late and got massive heartburn, thank god the zantac helped- i so need a stomach doctor 
Ate huge set of Appetizers. full now 
Ate Lani's reaction to my pic: &quot;Anak ng Tinapa!&quot; LOL. I wanna go to Las Vegas to see her show. 
Ate lunch at Shine.  Good food...the tatertots...ahhh.  Service...eh...and no paper products in the bathroom? Wet hands 
Ate lunch. Mom said I have to wait a little to get my guinea pig 
Ate Mandy, please forgive me. I really am sorry. I don't wanna lose my Bff 
ate my own dogfood today and used the XO on the train. Makes quite a nice ebook reader. couldn't get zoom working on nav keys tho 
Ate my strawberries no my lips are swollen  I hate allergies!
ate pizza. couldnt help it 
Ate potato knish for dinner...feel nauseous now 
Ate so much today.   ...fatty!
ate some pizza rolls.omg the scan is finished and said that there were two trojons and one of them cant be qurantined  im going to cry.ugh
Ate the pear. The watermelon tasted funny. 
ate to much. my tummy's hurting again now 
ate too many breath mints 
ate too many chicken nuggets 
ate too many peanut butter sandwiches  
ate too much  why is food so good!?
ate too much at cookout so now im about to vomit  falling asleep to the prisoner of azkaban
Ate too much candy.  Feeling gross and kinna sick.
Ate too much junk food.  Bad Taylor, Bad!
Ate too much last night... 
Ate too much of a good thing for dinner.  Ugh - my belly hurts! 
ate too much oysters. BAAAAHHH. 
Ate too much shit at lunch  Feel sick now!
Ate too much soul food 
Ate too much sweets yesterday.. woke up &amp; tummyache 
Ate too much!  Fruits esp..nw m all bloated..aaaaaaa..
Ate too much, feel sick 
ate two masala dosas back-to-back..My tongue cant resist another but my Tummy cant persist another 
Ate waaaaaay too much at the weekend.  Now it's time to starve myself to make up for it. 
ate waaay too much this weekend  hanging out with an old friend today, i hope its not awkward....
Ate way too many jellys and feeling bloated  All alone for the weekend until tomorrow night, miss my bf
Athens' burnin'.Again. 
ATI Catalyst 9.6 is released. To bad that they haven't fix the Install Manager, it still crash in Windows 7. 
ATI did it again x-( no fglrx for xorg1.6 for mi card! no more 3D 
atkins diet is going good haha its day one but still....although I fancy some ben and jerries ice cream but cant 
Atl 105 under the shade of a pecan tree 
ATL concert starts in NINE MINNUTES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WANT TO GO!!!!!! 
ATL this weekend! Too bad it'll be raining 
Atlanta had 1st 90 degree day yesterday &amp; 1st smog alert. Not surprised they happened on same day. Today is smog alert day #2. 
atlanta sucks im going back to california for good  maybe miami for good just get me away from this  im sad n depressed this morning 
atlantic city is a huge waste of money 
Atlantic Iowa doesnt sound good 
Atlantis Unleashed by @alyssa_day out tomorrow!  Yay!  Sadly, won't get to read it until August, after Bar Exam.  
Atlassian Confluence 3.0 released....still no section edit   http://tinyurl.com/n96ebd #atlassian
Atleast Now, All fake political drama by parties (to get votes) in TN in the name of suffering Eelam Tamils will end, Thats it, Game over 
atmosfer gw brubahubah .. jd moody gw  http://plurk.com/p/12g6h9
Atrocious start for Rubens tho  #f1
Att. freelancers, don't forget that today is 1040-ES voucher day  Pay your taxes so the bank CEOs can use their jets or whatever &gt;
attacked by mozzies last night. 
Attempt #2...Can anyone help out me/Maggie with a ride to School of Rock tonight? Otherwise we'll take the train/bus, but it is not close 
attempt. - shes-a-problem: lmao. did you fry or bake them? i baked em . ugh  http://tumblr.com/xsh1wku68
Attempted 3.0 jailbreak on the 3G (not the new) iPhone ... no joy 
attempted spring cleanin?Failed! I'm staring at a mountain of clothes. 2 lazy 2 sort winter from summer 
attempted to book Zorbing, but it wouldn't let me  So I left them a voicemail. Will try again tomorrow.
Attempted to build my own silkscreen. What a disaster! 
Attempted to put in my first sensor after AGES and I don't think it's working so hot... no signal so far. 
Attempted to take a pick of philly but epic fail  anyways just passed Philly on way bak home  http://twitpic.com/6siui
attemptin to understand and process all of the emotional events that have happened thus far. im ready to go HOME! 
attempting a poetry essay, listening to jessie rose and feeling fat 
attempting to do the splits for my besties birthday ... not a lot of fun, kinda hurts  i hope you love it sarah!
Attempting to find parking in Ballard. I'm second guessing my brilliant market plan. Sad that Queen Anne is marketless this year. 
attempting to finish my science assignment on the atomic theory so i can start my website. school work comes first 
attempting to get enough motivation and gusto to write more of my literature review. woe is me 
Attempting to get magic workstation to work on my laptop 
Attempting to get out of bed. Church then work till 4:30. I just wanna sleep all day 
attempting to have dinner @TheCounter tonight in Kahala.  Lets see how long the wait will be 
Attempting to install ruby 1.9 on vista.  Not so straightforward.  Mongrel refuses to run w/out msvcrt-ruby18.dll. 
Attempting to lay down, soar throat, icky nose, fever 
attempting to organize all the files on my computer.  I guess no going out for me today.
attempting to perfect my enchiladas, just sliced the crap out of my finger. 
Attempting to read for London... its not going so well... I feel like I have ADD... 
Attempting to sleep, alone. Yay 
Attempting to sleep. My puppy is sick already 
attempting to study for the psych exam 
Attempting to train Ez to make a cup of tea - funny enough, not going well 
Attempting to upload Barry's &quot;OWASP Top 10 Security Vulnerabilities Part 2&quot; for fourth time. Vimeo keeps hanging on me before completion 
Attempting to use Tweetdeck...but my rate limit is exceeded. 
Attempting to watch Street Kings thank god for my dvr cuz food didnt settle  illll how u put beer in cereal?Thats GAME sexy mofo yummm
Attempting to write my dissertation 
attended an IMS mock cat... ditto CAT '08 format.. didn't even change topic type...didn't give sols after test... results not online too! 
Attending Classes over the weekend 
Attending my Aunt Debbie's funeral this afternoon.    R.I.P.
attending my hangover 
Attn #squarespace : if i had a new iphone 3GS i'd be able to play with the new free Tweetdeck app.. instead i wonder with my $50 Nokia 
ATX weather/traffic update 4 visiting skaters! www.wunderground.com/US/TX/Austin.html. &amp; Cesar Chavez will b down to 1 lane ALL weekend 
â™¡u don't want that! Ull gain weight like us!!  we fatso.lolâ™¡
â™« â™ª listening Across the Universe - Beatles â™« â™ª 
â™« Not liking Ninet's new single  http://tr.im/nH6Q
â™« there's a grief that can't be spoken; there's a pain goes on and on; empty chairs at empty tables, now my friends are dead and gone  â™¥
â™ª Rock and Roll All Nite - KISS â™ª como pude ficar de fora do show do Kiss 
aubreys in a lil... Wow i have a lot of homework 
Auch my neck muscles.. 
auch my wrist! it hurts me so much!! 
auch... drop by 1  17. tareeinternet.com
auch... drop by 1  23. slideboom.com
auch... drop by 1  74. blogcatalog.com
auch... drop by 10  55. pedeee.com
auch... drop by 4  89. opera.com
auch... drop by 5  87. businessweek.com
auchh, drop by 1  (17)rumahabi.com
auchh, drop by 1  (20)reddit.com
auchh, drop by 1  (26)tribbleagency.com
auchh, drop by 1  (27)alexasalsabila.com
auchh, drop by 1  (28)renantech.com
auchh, drop by 1  (32)elitestv.com
auchh, drop by 1  (7)pedeee.com
Audio: kari-shma: i love it. I wish someone would sing me a song like this  http://tumblr.com/x4q22pih6
AudioA got moved to tomorrow night   so going to hotel now...
AudioBoo: JavaOne: The Last Session, The Last Day, The Last One By Sun Microsystems USA  http://boo.fm/b28013
AUGH I have to be awake again in six hours. 
Augh I wanna drawww but I don't know what and my blush marker's out of ink so I can't even colour people in.  *waits for tablet to arrive*
augh why ?!!! i think i have another tumor in my mouth. it's been almost 12 years since the last 
augh, quad espresso just did nothing.. still a trainwreck 
augh. back to studying again. 
Augh. Haven't had time to even glance at my RSS reader. 82 new entries already. 
AUGH....Boston nails buzzer beater....Magic looses by 1!!  So much for my Mother's Day win 
aughh... drop by 1  31. linkedin.com
aughh... drop by 1  51. sulumitsretsambew.biz
aughh... drop by 1  68. prankoffate.info
aughh... drop by 1  93. ontoplist.com
aughh... drop by 3  98. top10optimizer.com
Aughhh I feel like shit, I have no idea if I got any sleep last night, still have one more final to take in an hour 
August 24th was seriously the best day of my life. Why cant my parents realize how much this means to me? 
August 28 is 13 weeks away 
august burns red say today will be a new song on myspace, its 1:02 and i dont see any new song  I CAN'T WAIT
aun no entiendo twitter 
Aunt Flo is my least favorite relative 
Aunt Flow got me sooooo bloated.....it feels like a pregnacy gon wrong 
Aunt Rose... Where are you... 
Auntie D hope you catch it before it gets worse. wont be seeing you for a while ill miss you 
AUS survived a recession - does this mean more money hand outs from Mr Rudd 
Aussie farmers direct fruit &amp; veg box just arrived.  Very heavy on the fruit, light on the veg. Pre-packet carrots in plastic bag  hmmm
Austin Bat Fest is 2 months from today!  Oh feck, it's still too months away.  Sad face.  
Austin bound again..I wanted to party in Dallas tho 
Austin has blue and yellow underwear today. No photo. 
Australia is probably the most hilarious movie ever (but not on purpose)...in contrast, The Reader is the most depressing 
Australian swine flu alert level raised from delay to contain after first confirmed human to human transmission on Australian soil 
authentication server is unavailable  #iphone
Autumn killed a baby bird. And now I'm sad 
Auuug it wasn't a bad dream... 
auuughh biggest, scariest hornet 
auxillo! help! PHP Live Support Solution  buaaaaa
Ava can't breathe through her nose.  
Ava has reached another milestone: i no longer have to help her crawl through the mcdonalds playplace. I am happy &amp; sad 
Ava woke up this morning saying &quot;mommy nose ewww&quot; So Im thinking she has a cold too now 
Averaged 18.5mph over hilly-ish route (when I was moving, not repairing punctures  ). Avg power 212W, NP 238W.
Avery hurt her leg last night, taking her to the vet this morning....I hope she didn't break it.  
AVG replaced my FF default with Yahoo! Search. Annoying 
Avoid Branksome roundabout this morning 
Avoiding dealing with customers by running errands for tonight's manager. Love it. I wish I was at @thefallenvast's birthday 
avoiding doing anything that remotely resembles wrk again.... hungry 
avoiding homework and studying for my final at all cost 
avoiding homework..last day of springbreak 
Avoiding statistics, and now suddenlink shut the cable off so I have my movies and my video games to keep me busy 
avoids Tehran videos and hates it. Feels bad and does not believe that a green filter on his avatar would make any difference. 
Aw  Apple's holding my 3G S hostage:  http://twitpic.com/7lych
Aw  Diversity to win it now!
aw  i don't know if this freshman year will be exciting cuz none of my BFFS are in my class 
Aw  maggie! I'll see u in like 3 days lol be careful!
aw  old videos on my phone. and pictures. this week before i leave needs to be the best! and i need to see everyone.
Aw  yearbooks make me sad. Only 4 more actual school days because apparently we have to come on wednesday too :/
aw &amp; I really miss Alice &amp; Charlotte tonight  Dunno why though, hey are both spoons ;)
Aw .. a year sinc westlife at croker tmro alredy !  dat was da best day evr! Ox
Aw @FeJennings and @ERNurseJoy have vanished...  plop  
aw @GinuwinelyLyric @Bryant2DaStage and @MrBigEgoHimself yall icons don't show 
Aw @VinceALopez Yeah I saw pictures and videos of it!! Wish I was there, for real!! I miss my city 
aw awsome party lst nite hink drank too much x gt wrk in 20mins dini wanna go  feel ill lol
aw bastard!! sonic the hedgehog is only for the iphone!  i think i may have 2 purchase the iphone!  x
Aw bugger, been lovely all week whilst stuck in the office, now when I want to ride the &quot;iron horse&quot; it rains 
Aw cheers @Sharnnn, Can't call him, no international numbers  &amp; yeah forget about Taylor she won't reply. so lame.
Aw crap - I bought iPhone not iPhone 3G screen protectors., They're an inky wee bit too small 
Aw crap I &quot;favorited&quot; someones tweet and now I don't know how to take it off  oh well at least it was funny.
aw crap, i baked the cookies just a little too long and now they're crunchy instead of chewy  need moar milk
aw crap....so not happy about Saturday dragonboating cancelled.  sux 
Aw crapness my beautiful perfume is all gone!!!  I need more princess or even rock princess!! Now!!!!
Aw crud looks like the tv mast for Dorchester has gone down  wish I had sky now... (via @ScottGTT)
Aw dang, did they stop making new downloadable puzzles for prof layton? 
Aw death of the nerd bird 
aw disappointment  here i am reading and it smacked me in the face. the girl just had to say the word. the book is still good though.
aw Farrah Fawcett died. that's sad 
aw fuck! I just stepped in gum on the dancefloor! 
aw fudge sickles i missed the vfc chat today!  can someone tell me wat happened?
Aw God. &quot;Up&quot; was terrible in a sad way. I CRIED TWICE!! I'm being such a puss lately.  It was a bit funny though too. Especially the bird!
aw how sad.   http://bit.ly/GvOVu
aw i already want next weekend! 
Aw i couldn't see robert before practice. That makes me sad     
Aw I feel really bad for Apophis's host 
Aw I got Game Over  Fail.
AW i miss my ex he sure did use to buy me fitteds 
Aw I miss my old house 
Aw i missed eleven eleven 
Aw I missed the Black Author Showcase Tweet up! 9 a.m. East Coast is only 7 a.m. out here. 
Aw I need to charge my mp3 player because the battery level is low 
aw im actin as a messenger for my friend and her loved one 
aw im leaving tomorrow. i feel  and 
Aw im so sad yall are leaving  last show
aw im still not out of bed and its been 15 minutes, fail i think i should get out soon.. seriously 
Aw im taking my cousin to the airport 2maro morning..she's gonna be gone for 7 weeks  its gonna be sad w/ out her
aw ive just read all my myspace messages, some are proper sad 
Aw last Saturday practice 
Aw lindsey hope ur ok  luv Ya
aw lizzy  sorry to hear that!
aw man  I jst stubbed my toe on the bathroom door :/ frkin toenail bettr not fall off ..
Aw man Bob just died on home and away 
Aw man i already had my last break and i gotta tinkleee 
aw man I feel OD nauseous 
AW MAN i have work tomorrow morning 
aw man I lost 6 followers today 
aw man i'm missing @SongzYuuup live cause im at work lol 
aw man just realized we're a hr behind here in nashville. so we got a 3hr wait. 
aw man missing the laker game 
aw man my 90210 treasury made the front page and i missed it  http://bit.ly/aYZfN thank goodness for the flickr etsy front page group!
Aw man nightshift sucks!! Im soooo tired!  Time 4 a snooze!
aw man no sorting of offline buddies  @shaggylive @Adrigonzo i got used to that with trillian
Aw man Twitter is being stupid again 
aw man why doesnt KANYE WEST have twitter 
aw man why is tigerairways' site having  problems! NOT NOW 
Aw man, @mctwistrock called me the worst merchgirl ever  harsh bros. (lol)
Aw man, Half Term isn't long enough    lol!
Aw man, I finally found all my @SouthwestAir drink coupons and they are just expired 
Aw man, I miss Valencia  I just looked through my pics and I want to be back there again.
Aw man, I've got Design homework and Art homework to do. I wish they would ban homework. 
Aw man, the blog just got blocked from work  Why does it always have to happen when I'm in a writing mood?
Aw man.  One person got it before me...OF COURSE.
AW MAN. Dude...I'm so bummed haha.  I'm going to have to go with: this is going to be a shitty weekend...-sigh-
Aw man.. I don't feel good. My tummy hurts and my body feels weak 
Aw man...  i'm in owings mills and in eed to get gas when i leave, but i dont WANA pay for expensive O.M. gas . grrr
Aw man... I was suppose to go midnight bowling... But now I'm Not... 
Aw mayan, Heather's number isn't working. No little sister love at D-land 
aw maybe I should go. having a conscience sucks 
Aw me and Mitchell it's her last day too  http://twitpic.com/7jz69
Aw missed the Live DCI broadcast...  just wanted to see Boston and my KDub
aw missin hollywood sparkles is at toi eating panang and im not!  want tom kha kai so bad now!!!!
Aw my baby's sick 
aw my followers went down 
Aw my little luke seems so nervous. Poor kid. I kind of don't want to leave him 
Aw my Mac order didn't come today  it always only takes 2 days and its already been 4 !
Aw my neighbors are gone  weird.
Aw nevermind swimming is cancelled    Hello night of nonstop fmylife!
Aw no izzy from greys is dieing. She's one of my fav characters  hopefully they find some miracle cure before it's too late!
aw noooo ian's gone  this sucks
aw now ten more months before summer again. 
Aw noway i thought he was gonna go though, i didn't want him to though  well i dunno from each of our houses
Aw poor ting I was wiping my roms &amp; stepped backwards n felt sumtin soft, it was 2 baby birds cuz my bf trimed the palm &amp; the nest fell 
aw pushing daisies    I hope we actually get work tomorrow.  Even though im in charge of THE most tedious task LOL   bedddd!
aw sad i was  doing so well about going to school  poo
aw she didnt reply yet 
aw shit a missing plane. bermuda triangle/LOST much? 
Aw shit. I forgot 2 listen 2 'The Sixth of June' by It Dies Today yesterday! 
aw shoulder lean reminds me of Kevin K ! 
aw snap, win7 discounts tomorrow?  goodbye checkbook   http://tr.im/pIT5
Aw sorry they are boring!  mike says come over here but its kinda late.
Aw Stephen Colbert probably killed this nice old lady. What a jerk 
aw thanks em, but people are tweeting but nothing is coming to my phone 
Aw- the follower expansion finished 
aw the housekeeper got stuck in the elevator 
Aw the saddest moment of my year, giving up my cat . she knew it was happening too  
aw u dnt kno it 
aw weak  ill probably come up this weekend so we can make out and stuff
aw wMwn   life is boring     really im sure      i find people that not have a spank on their faces    hahaha muhaahaha         (Rockers).
aw you aussies must be gutted now that nkotb have cancelled their tour  sucks to be you
aw you know what sucks? when you're in bed all comfy, and then you realize you had to do something. i gotta plug my phone in!! 
Aw, @ohxbabyx, we're such little girlsss 
aw, andrew is on and I'm not.  barely escaped those bruins...
Aw, Coffee Plantation closed last night on Mill. That's sad. I spent many nights there freshman year studying for Chemistry 
Aw, damn... I was hoping that would be a Roadrunner and Coyote game...   #xboxe3
Aw, dang. Mine That Bird didn't make it again!  Poor Calvin Borel.
Aw, graduation!   Bye Marc, Mary, Katelynn, Emily, Annie, Plankey, and everyone else.   
aw, hot corporate guy is gone and i didn't get to tell him goodbye! 
Aw, I lost a follower. 
aw, i meant to put some ramen and stuff in the package but i forgot 
Aw, I think a distant family member just died.  he was old though. Didn't know him too well.
Aw, I wish #websoup was in Canada. The G4 station here is just showing EP Daily 
Aw, I wished @ddlovato had Canadian tour dates too, now. 
Aw, it's the last Primeval tonight 
aw, man! i got sunburnt on my shoulders! im th only person in th world tht would get sunburnt on a cloudy day!   
Aw, man. My cat killed a robin. 
