hasn't been home at this time on a friday for as long as she cant remember.. it's weird. wish i was skating like usual 
hasnt been on twitter for a few days, no internet at mums house for the moment  
hasnt been on twitter in ages! sorry people     been ill  x
Hasn't been paid yet.. 
hasn't been posting like it had planned 
Hasn't been this sick in a really long time. sadly having to cancel my dress shopping date with mom and dad 
hasn't been updating lately, sorry 
Hasn't dyed my hair in months 
hasn't eaten yet...  http://plurk.com/p/y3obk
Hasn't envy to revise but regrettably in the bond = &gt; not cool 
Hasn't felt this rough in ages. 
hasn't given up on golf.  Golf has given up on him. 
hasnt got a clue what she is doing on here!! please help  x
hasn't got anything to twitter about... 
Hasn't had a good cup of coffee in a while 
hasn't had enough quality time to play with his iPhone....too much work 
hasn't had time for the net I NEED my blackberry back I miss it 
hasn't heard from the job. I don't think I got it. 
hasnt read breaking dawn in ages; withdrawal symptoms 
hasnt seen jess in ageesss!  but its her brothers party on fridayyy! wooo
Hasn't slept at all...ughhhhh 
hasn't slept much 
Hasn't solved his network troubles. 
Hasn't taken a sick day in years...this sucks 
hasn't tweeted in ages 
hasn't twiitered for a while...... oooooo what to twitter about??????..... no news 
hasn't twitter'd in a few days cause for some odd reason its giving me an error on my iPhone 
hasn't used twitter in a while 
Hate &quot;suporters&quot; who leaves when things arent going their teams way!!!! Viking(&lt;3) 0-3 Vålerenga 
hate 2 admit it - but I kinda miss my last.fm 
hate 2 B sick can't go out can't drink alcohol  
Hate be late 
HATE bein the only one up wen everybody still sleep 
hate being grounded. 
hate being here 
hate being ill 
hate being put in this position and having to feel nothing but guilt, sadness and emptiness. i hate hate hate this 
Hate being sickk. Sneezing my guts outttt. 
Hate being up first in the house. I want to do things, not sit and be quiet 
Hate being up this early on a sunday. 
hate boring vacation days 
Hate brother's mocking evil laugh! His favorite! 
Hate Cold Rain 
hate computer science!!! all the pix r wrong!  f*ck u!
Hate coughing!!! 2 more weeks and ill be the big 24 man I'm getting old. 
hate days like these...laundry days are the worst. 
hate doctor's appointments. takes forever, yet the actual appointment lasts all of 10 minutes. i want to go to the record store 
Hate doing my hair...only 1 hr till I have to be ready for work 
Hate doing things by myself! Wish I had someone to come with me!!! 
Hate doing this stupid PDH assignment 
hate dreams when u wake up crying your eyes out 
hate expensive things :@ lol i need moneeeeeey 
Hate feeling this way 
Hate getting out of bed 
Hate giving my cats liquid oral meds. No hissing, biting, scratching, but still makes me feel like I'm waterboarding them or something. 
hate going to school. summer 
Hate havin little squabbles wif my mom  - http://tweet.sg
hate having a sick roommate  dont mind taking care of him but i dont wanna catch it! neither of us have time. get better plz @monsieurfaz
Hate having to repeat what is wrong wit me like 78542578 times can't they just ask the person I just told!?! Just make the pain go away!! 
Hate home work, isn't doing work at school enough  errr
Hate how Conan makes fun of Twitter  come on if u don't get it don't hate
hate how hospitals dont have any service! worried about my mom, and dont know whether shes going to stay a night or not. its almost 3 am 
hate how r so many 'real' celebrities it pisses me off 
hate InDesign. but I have to work. 
hate it coz im a year older...   but i'm still young at heart...
Hate it when husband falls asleep around 11! I've only seen him a whole 4 hours today.  Think I'll jump on the bed and tickle him awake.
hate it when i bring an umbrella out but there's no rain  blah
Hate it when I have to start mon. Showing someone the door 
Hate it when im forced to listen to my ipod. It always seems necessary for me to do that when im around him. Grr. 
hate it when internet ussage is all up.... i used the last bit of it wathcing MTV Awards online on Monday  Now i gotta waaaait
hate it when someone stands in line for nothing thats just stupid                 )
hate it when ur on hold with customer  service and u cant use the washroom, cause there like wtf are you doing..   its awful
Hate keeps crashing 
Hate men who sit directly in front of you with legs wide open. Like they're showing off their masculinity to you or something 
hate missing my girlfriend so much... silly emotions 
Hate morning class 
Hate MOT test here... All very officious and no chance to bung them a tennet and let it pass 
Hate my alarm clock  get ready for work. Hope, weekend comes fast :-D
hate my face 
hate my family.. 
Hate my hair after hair cuts . Also I forgot to pack any shoes so I need to pop into primark to get some flips 
hate my haircut...as usual 
hate my life.    
Hate my phone. + Need money for tattoos! Need to finish back piece 
hate not being able to have what I want 
hate not being able to skate. it makes me feel like I have restless leg syndrom 
hate parents &gt; all they do is cause arguments :O there anoying me big time !!  on the bright side , its roasting today , all surnburnt 
Hate rain and my parents 
hate rainy mornings! when is summer gunna show its face???? 
hate reverse parking ! It does my nut in !!!!!  !
hate revising for exams 
HATE safeway select green tea icecream! bought two cartons, what a waste of money.  &gt;_&lt;
Hate Satrurdays I'm all alone 
Hate saturdays at work. Always eat too much junk.  we have multipack doritos and cookies and biscuits and starbucks so far. Fattie.
HATE seeing ants on food 
hate seeing my sales number go down after having to cancel sales from non paying buyers 
Hate sitting in a cab on a saturday 
hate that i didn't watch the weather 4 2day. Was nice this am so i got my car washed &amp; now its bout 2 rain 
hate that i'm so tired all the timeee.. 
hate that is so humid this early in the morning 
hate that its cold now  want to go to LA like now just jave to settle for london in 3 days
Hate that my back is going out again...grrrr.... I wish I could go out with it 
hate that no one reply...it's feel sucks....oh no.... 
hate the fact that i can't get over it!! why do i do this to myself?!?!?! 
Hate the fact that I can't see Britney Spears when she's in Sweden 
Hate the fact that my baby is 15 hours away.. I'm missing my honey, my bae, my sweetie pie  no air-air
hate the hubs today 
hate the look of &quot;why are you leaving me?&quot; my babies give me when I drop them off at the groomer...  they will be getting new toys today!
Hate the message &quot;No Service&quot; on his iPhone ! My iPhone is now a iPod   Touch ! 
Hate the weather.. feels like a desert here in singapore 
HATE THIS DAY 
Hate this job. Stuck here and can't go see my papa 
Hate this part of Bank Holidays.....the realisation that there is work tomorrow 
Hate to admit this, but I'm having serious difficulty keeping all the Japanese names/places straight in my head for Devil Summoner 2.    
HATE to leave Annie again next week!  
hate trigonometry.. I'm reviewing my notes and simply CAN NOT understand what I did before  imma fail my exam!
Hate trying to go to sleep when the sky starts to light up  http://twitpic.com/54w50
Hate u @Natty_Bea oh how I wish we had crack n the box here 
Hate waiting for cabs  - http://tweet.sg
HATE WALKiN TO CLASS iN THE RAiN 
Hate washing my hair! Because then it has to be dried &amp; straightened.  And then i find the grey hairs in the middle layers of my hair 
Hate when BB put the bloody bird sounds on !!! Wanted to hear whether Scree actually had ANYTHING of interest to say 
hate when folk don't answer their phones 
Hate when I think I'm late for work and get here and the one with the keys isn't actually here yet  and she's ALWAYS early :S
hate when my parents leave  but great weekend and lots of delicious food lol not to mention a Hog rally hahaha
hate when people lie to me 
Hate when youtube is down 
hate work. my hair is grey and I have a photoshoot tmrw...fucking excellent 
hate working in summer 
Hate working when it's sunny 
Hate young annoying chavvy kids. Shops been full of them today  haha 
hate, hate, HATE the weather and the stupid thing called love! 
hate, hate, HATE the weather and the stupid thing called love!  I´m bored, so now I play Sims 
hate,hate, defrosting the freezer 
hated saying goodbye to her today 
hated the velocity one as well. ARGH. let's just say that i NEED full marks on friday. yeaaah 
hated work today, wayy to busy and farr to stressful 
hated-tuesday!!!! 3 things that I hated today 
hatee final examss u.u I waantt to sleeeeep for a WEEEKK 
Hateedddd awards afternoon, and want the sun back 
Hatees the dream she dreamth 
Hateing the weather 
hates  habis sudah karmanya,,, sbulan lebih gak update :'-( http://plurk.com/p/rbslw
hates @christian792 
Hates arguing on the iPhone or cellphones. There's no way to slam the phone down without causing yourself heartbreak. 
hates AT&amp;T 
hates awaiting important email replies! 
hates being a grown up...i wanna go out tonight 
hates being alone. 
hates being at work today 
Hates being capped  I wanna download TF2 and play
hates being lied to 
hates being over tired  just wants to sleep!
hates being poor  where did my student loan go?!?!
Hates being sat around alone on a Friday night. big sad old loser 
Hates being sexy in da rain  but I luv NY xoxoxoxx
Hates being sick in the middle of the night when I could be sleeping...... 
hates being sick with the fire of a thousand suns. Please make it stop! 
hates being sick! Running out of stuff to watch! 
Hates being sick!! I feel like an old lady smelling of vicks and carrying tissues  http://myloc.me/2gN7
hates being sick..going on a week now...  one of the top reasons it sucks to live alone........
hates being stuck at the new house with the worst migrane I've had for months. . . 
Hates being the only non smoker, lonesome 
Hates being the only underage one here. Sorry guys 
Hates being woken up by sunshine and children laughing.,,I wanted to sleep in. 
Hates bleech!! Messed up my black outfit 
hates blowing up at my love 
hates budgeting.. ya think you sorted then somethn unexpected comes up..*&amp;^% ITS ANNOYN.. life is hard 
hates carrying big bags to school... i feel like i'm just going to get mugged 
hates chores 
Hates cleaning 
Hates cleaning her room. 
Hates college and needs to check up on news 
hates continually getting sick whenever he has exams 
--hates cryin, but its all she ever does anymore..... 
Hates customers that stay a half in hour past closing time. Late to church again. 
hates delivering in the rain 
hates diary.. but loves it at the same time. 
hates doing assignments. 
Hates doing expenses 
Hates doing uni work 
hates downer phone calls....  
hates dracut guys  douche bags
hates dysmenorrhea  http://plurk.com/p/z3g0w
hates everybody 
HATES EVERYONE WHO IS UN FOLLOWING ME!!!  you'll be sorry when I'm at rock star!!!
Hates everything 
hates everything about seafood..esp smell! just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, I gotta headache.. ugh! smh... 
hates FACEBOOK.  hindi ko maopen account ko. badterp!  http://plurk.com/p/12nxck
hates forms, hate insurance companies, hates corporatespeak, hates himself. I am overqualified and underxeperienced for everything.  #fb
hates gettin bad news from doctors 
hates getting B's they do nothing for my GPA 
hates getting excited for nothing 
hates getting woken up at 5am with work, staying up to workers, and then not having the workers call me back...Had to give up two jobs... 
hates going to bed after 1am 
hates going to the doctor 
Hates grass valley. 
Hates grocery shoppiiiiing 
HATES group projects. 
Hates hates having to get surgery!  scary having ur life in someone elses hands....
Hates having a sick child 
hates having a throat infection!! 
hates having fh from 8a to 8p 
hates having this sunburn 
hates having up to 10 blogs  and WordPress site  .
hates hayfever 
hates hayfever!!! 
Hates headaches! Maybe I'm not ready to rock 
hates hearing wierd unknown things move around at night!! 
hates heat rashes.  
hates her ears, they keep blocking up  xx
hates her job  dont get off till 6 
Hates his pills, oh god why do they have to taste so fuckin horrible. 0,5 liter of coke to flush them down isnt even enough 
Hates homophobic Obama  work was fun, but i think i have the highest IQ out of everyone i work with. Blah, pay is pay right?
hates how dreams can leave you feeling like shit all day. 
Hates how much it's raining in MIA 
hates how much work she has on  save me!
hates how she can't sleep late at home 
hates how you never go on Facebook 
hates internet connection at the office..it makes my work double tasks! 
hates it that i miss the sis episode knina. nagguest  pa man din si archu ko.  http://plurk.com/p/tqe11
hates it that she's home while her friends are having a great time! 
hates it when her mum trys to create noise pollution... duhz  http://plurk.com/p/y0edf
hates it when it rains 
hates it when restaurants add gratuity, and leave space for tip. I double tipped last night cos light was so dim, and I was too tipsy 
Hates it when someone doesnt know how to appreciate 
hates it whenever my karma lowers  napabayaan kasi ee *sigh* http://plurk.com/p/pb9bs
hates karma down. bakit kse nilagnat aq khpon?  http://plurk.com/p/wy4ju
Hates knowin that she has to head back to enid tonight. 4 days with out Scott just breaks my heart 
hates knowing i'm a bad girlfriend... my man's lonely 
hates learning 
hates letting people down....and now feels terrible about it 
hates lonely nights during the weekends.  http://plurk.com/p/yvj64
HATES lunching alone  #fb
Hates making choices late at night 
hates making up time at work 
hates maths tuition on a holiday..wanted to sync my i-pod with the latest tracks nd podcasts ! Will have to wait until im bck  #fb
hates money..  it will be the one thing that ends his career.  
hates moving. Oh, this move is worth it..... but I hate the process  http://plurk.com/p/116nyx
hates my life. hahaha 
hates my phone. 
hates nightmares 
Hates not being able to fall back asleep. 
Hates not being able to kiss him  forget strep throat! 
hates not being able to see his monitor. I have about 25 minutes before the sun is not blinding me 
Hates not having money 
Hates not having my phone to contact Sas 
hates not to be plurking..   http://plurk.com/p/12q0x2
hates penalty shootouts 
Hates people that add you on skype sends you a weird message then dissapears happened to me 3 times  and I mean a weird message!!
hates periods.  
hates poorly designed parking lots/streets that like to  wreak havoc on my tires. 
Hates prank calls. Especially when they're from pple who sound like terrorists. 
hates radio stations! I miss my ipod 
hates research papers 
hates running officially! 
Hates saying goodbye to @karleelewis 
Hates saying goodbye to the third lesbian 
hates scaleeeee 
hates scams!! I also hate that I am stupid enough to fall for one... sometimes 
Hates Scar  Simba's only a baby
hates school, revision + exams!!!!!!!!!! 
hates sciences 
hates seeing dead animals in the road 
Hates self portrait drawings  also hates working kids floor and that's where I will be tomorrow 4-cl fml
HATES sleeping alone 
hates sleeping by herself. 
Hates staying indoors 
hates staying up really late and sleeping in because than the day goes to waste and i usually end up with a migraine...  i had fun though!
hates streamy eyes and snuffly nose  I'm never going outside again
hates studying for finalsss 
Hates studying... It's so boring!  
hates studying.... I just graduated and I'm back in school studying   
hates Sundays  http://plurk.com/p/uanto
hates that his nights are spent alone now. 
Hates that I am only 24, 1 year shy of OME...Kinda sucks 
hates that laura is even further away, it was bad enough before but now having to deal with further time zones... 
Hates that on June 18th she is awake @ 1:30 am working on classwork. 
hates that she has to work another 7 hours before she can go out!  10 minutes to get ready isn't fair at all....
hates the 4:30pm traffic along katip.. punyeta, i have to deal with this every single day! 
hates the 4th bangungot (nightmare) for the week. Always out of breath after waking up.  http://plurk.com/p/uavdz
hates the arizona heat. 
hates the bbc!!!!! ladies doubles has dissapeared 
Hates the cereal at the end of the box 
hates the cons of having ur house near the clinic  http://plurk.com/p/x3obi
hates the dorm's mumu stories.  http://plurk.com/p/11cav0
hates the drastic change in the temperature 
hates the everything about  seafood.. just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, I gotta headache.. ugh! smh... 
hates the fact that most her twitter friends get up when she's about to go to sleep. 
Hates the fact that she has an allergy to cut grass now i'm all itchy 
hates the feeling of knowing something is wrong and knowing you can't fix it right this second.  The Lord will provide. &lt;3
hates the footy... doggies are getting pumped 
hates the guilty feeling of a lie in 
Hates the guy at the bar who was just super mean to me 
hates the heat. ang iniiiiiiiiiiiiit!   http://plurk.com/p/oynus
hates the hire-freeze everywhere 
Hates the Hollywood bowl. Stuck in major traffic 
hates the maple syrup diet...i just want fooooood!!!! but this is my payment for lack of dieting for the last 12 weeks 
hates the rain and humidity in the Philippines 
hates the rain this night.  http://plurk.com/p/11c8hg
Hates the sniffles 
hates the thunder and lightening 
hates the type of guy he is... bleh. most guys wouldnt give a shit, yet, thats MY biggest problem. 
Hates the waiting game! I made a good deal with my protectors last night.... Seems they saw the light and not pulling thru 
Hates the weather 
Hates the wether here  Where's the sun? Where's the warmness?
hates the word broke... in all contexts. 
Hates this 
hates this sh***y weather 
hates this stubborn cold and cough that just won't seem to go away!! 
hates this thunderstorm 
Hates this weather 
Hates This Weather!!! Its Pouring It Down 
Hates throwing up 
hates throwing up more than anything in the entire world. 
Hates thunderstorms! 
hates to hear that Farrah Fawcett passed away....my thoughts and prayers are with her family. She will be missed 
Hates to see that the GA Theatre is burning to a total loss 
hates to think he is not going to be there to photograph the parade. 
hates tourism. Hates it hates it hates it. I'm getting this soooo badly wrong 
hates twitter 
hates upper-case file and folder names, because I don't like file systems shouting at me 
hates waiting for mails 
Hates wearing glasses when it rains 
hates when class goes to 11 
hates when headbands hurt my head 
Hates when parents are home while your watching their kids 
Hates when people, aka my sisters, eat my ice cream while I'm not home. Now I can't enjoy the choclatey Dove goodness. 
Hates when pets die 
hates when she has so many ideas for stories but she can't write because she doesn't have any writing utensils or a computer to type 
Hates When The Football Season Is Over! 
Hates when the lady doesn't clean the bed good and the person before you used tingle. Butt and back are SINGED 
hates when you go out, say c u later, and then end up not coming home til 11 the next morning &amp; didn't call/txt to tell me. i worry 
hates Windows and the virus that's currently running on his wife's PC that got through the virus checker, firewall and spyware detector. 
Hates work 
hates workin sundays 
Hates working 
hates working all day on Saturdays...wishes she was at the lake 
hates working so much. this is the first time that i have actually wished i was young again 
hates working.   I need a nice relaxing night.
hates you, last minute ebay bidders *sob* I want my new trilbyyyy 
Hates, no....sorry ....strongly dislikes the fact that he has to be in bed on such a beautiful day 
hatin on my moms new fone  ..buts it all good cause I'm gonna be alright lol
hatin' this rain!   ~CSH
hatin' this rainy days  ...
hating bdays. or maybe being forced to celebrate bdays ugh. no hoo-hah pls, i just want to grab a burger with the kids &amp; go home 
hating being at work when it's positively beautiful outside 
hating being here! 
Hating early starts, especially when bed is all snuggly and warm 
Hating finals week already 
hating lisa.. 
hating my hair today.. cut not as good as I wanted. 
hating my life missing dustin   
Hating my life right now so much!!! 
HATING OPTUS! they wont give me a new phone  eeeerrrrr. who wants to give me an iphone? haha
hating school work more than usual right now 
Hating spam twitter accounts. I get an email that someone is following me only to find out they're a spam account 
Hating that everyones asleep..   Shopping later..
hating that favre's name is being dragged through the mud. not sure what to think of his situation. wish he never left us 
Hating that I have to cancel my trip to London   #bloodyhell
hating that it will be another 4 or 5hrs before i can go to sleep 
Hating the  rain  when will it stop  oh well going out with friends  hit the  cell
HATING the fact I have such a babyface.  Damn, I am turning 25 this month.
Hating the fact that he really have to take his blackberry to the service center for changing the track ball 
Hating the fact that I'm More conserend about what type of phone I might be getting instead of anything else 
Hating the weather going from super hot to pouring rain  not nice
hating the weather right now  SHITEY belfast
Hating the yankee game 
hating these rainy days 
Hating this periods cramp !!!   http://myloc.me/487W
hating this rain&amp;&amp;the fact that i am broke 
hating this weather. won't it ever get sunny? its like its not even summer yet 
hating to go to school 
Hating uni assignments!  
Hating waiting on ppl 
Hating work as I can't be at the FIA GT CHAMPIONSHIPS this weekend! Plus car is broken so won't be at the BHP SHOW  
hating you because i miss you and i don't know why. 
hauhauahua.....went to kalita's bachelorette party...crashed the boys bachelor party!!! sooo funny.....wish my bf was there............. 
Hauling a 17&quot; thinkpad to #hcn09 because the iPhone never recovered from the water spill 
haunt me like you used to. i love you best when you scare me to death.  fml
Haunted by old sports injury. Ouchy-can hardly move! Any stretch/fitness tips for bulging disk in lumbar? Pwr yoga no good - made worse. 
hav tu stay home dat suckz...........  ................i am sick..........boo hoo
Have $#@&amp;!!! Malware on my work PC!  I miss having an IT dept 
Have 2 be @ the hospital @ 6:30am for Jesalyns surgery 
have 2 face bathing suite wearing with my fat whale body... help.. 
have 2 get off now  so tht me &amp; the boo can watch a movie
Have 2 Go Back 2 Skl 2moro 
have 2 study now 
Have 2 turn in my report 2morrow n other compiled work!!! I hope I finish early!! I can't stand working long hours anymore!!! 
have a 10am surgery scheduled for my macbook pro.  
Have a back wheel puncture. I ll be walking home then 
Have a bad head cold 
Have a big week ahead of me...and I woke up sick. 
Have a blinding headache am going back to bed 
Have A Cold  x
Have a cold and sore stomach.  That is all 
have a cough 
have a cup of coffee then i'll start coding , what else i can do ? 
have a feeling about me failing tomorrow  happy about it not being an exam
have a feeling about thunder and lightning  :s
have a feeling my homework due tonight isnt getting done tonight  feeling super lazy after getting home.
have a feeling we will have a crappy summer like last year... 
Have a fun bank holiday - I'm off to work 
Have a goood evening. Sorry 
Have a graduation party today for Sarah's neice.  Son Dan is home for Kent School graduation, but won't get to see him 
have a great satnite. tapi belum puassss.. hhu.. anak sma, jam malam cukup jam sembilan. hmpff.. 
Have a hangover the size of a small continent. Feel quite pants &amp; all self-inflicted. I'm getting old 
Have a headache and in a seriously bad mood now 
Have a headache so I'm gonna take a nap before the big game. 
Have a headache... meh.  At work on my day off cause it's better then being at home.
Have a headache....still 
Have a headache...goin to bed  
Have a horrible headache 
Have a killer headache today that Advil just isn't touching and I'm being totally unproductive 
have a killing headache 
Have a long day ahead work 2 to 6, class 7 to 10, gym 11 to 1 at GO station right now nd my earphones not workin  http://twitpic.com/7ml2n
Have a look at what the http://www.meonvillas.co.uk homepage should look like: http://tr.im/lkzx. Also, completely broken in Safari. 
Have a major headache !!!!!  
have a meeting at 6:30...don't wanna go bc they ALWAYS start late &amp; ALWAYS end late 
have a meeting at 7 am (two hours earlier than normal work start time) and am still awake at 2 am... so can't get to sleep tonight  #sigh
Have a migrain!!!! Wanna go home and get in bed. 
have a nasty cold 
have a poor sick girl.    luckily she's already passed out.  hopefully she sleeps through the night.  she needs it, my poor baby.
Have a random craving for limeade from hot dog on a stick 
have a really big headache.. 
have a really bored class today 
have a really sore throat  maybe i got swine flu? .......
Have a reeeally bad headache 
Have a sinking feeling that I am going to be late for work today. I hate not having my truck. 
have a sore head and i am so bored its unbelievable. help!!! 
Have a terrible headache and want to sleep....But have to be in office till 5:30.    
Have a test in few days!!! What a pain 
have a toothache &amp; suspect it's that wisdom tooth I've been neglecting. Don't have the energy or cash to deal with it right now 
Have a very horrible scary tutorial exam today  Off to Brighton tonight though! (And can't believe its June already!)
have a very sore throat after mcfly last night. amazing night though. my skirt fell down 
Have a wonderful Saturday my tweeps! Think of me while I slave away for 12 hours. 
Have an antique commode chair in the family room. Theboy has long been amused by it and decided it must be a functional toilet. Mom 
Have an exam tomorrow. Have I studied at all? No. Fail. Have a response and a thesis due tomorrow. Have I done the reading? No. Fail. 
Have an interview set up and need to extend my stay now. I will not be able to attend. 
Have an invite for &quot;Healthy Dining&quot; session at Ashok Hotel today with Exec Chef R.Chopra but damn workload - will have to skip it! 
have an urge to piano dance like Tom Hanks in Big. no gigantic piano in sight. 
have bad flu and sore throat. 
Have badly dislocated my knee       I have to head in and get it drained
have been a great week. nearly perfect. just wanna get back to frankfurt 
Have been a less than wonderful wife today.. 
have been cuddling my sick 21mth girl with temp 
Have been cutting chicken meat for dinner. Now cuting grass in the garden. No boobs there. Not even neighbours. 
Have been in agony!!!! Had to go to riverside clinic......turns out apparently I've got kidney stones!!! It hurts so bad!!!!    
have been mucking about with my dog until he got a bit wound up and started tearing the heads off daffodils. very tired. school tomorrow 
Have been neglecting my camera for the past 2 weeks 
have been raking the grass today - mum strimmed it. now i'm really tired 
have been really enjoying the 24 hour blogathon of @elsiecake - inspiration galore and craftastic overload!  but now it's bedtime here 
Have been rolling on the bed for the past 2 hours ... Still unable to sleep 
have been so busy! final wedding plans are so time consuming  only 5 weeks to go lol
Have been way too busy to stamp. Isn't that tragic?? 
have been working for last 48 hours got just 2 hours break tired   ==~~L
have begun packing to move to the new home! boxed few things, already my studio looks empty 
Have blocked some of them- they seem 2 be able 2 bypass &amp; r back  @d_hallucinatory  Block these guys!! http://twitspam.org/ #iranelection
Have broken my mobile. Dropped on floor. Now in 2 pieces but despite trying my body's electricity will not connect screen to keypad  ;( ;(
have chipped my iPhone already! Am mortified 
have class in an hour n 18 minutes...i dnt wanna go 
have coffee stomach... aaahhhh!  need food... stomach lining being eaten away... 
Have coffee, want to travel, stuck at desk. 
Have come to the conclusion that these LE results are sick &amp; wrong, against god &amp; nature  #fb #le09
have consolidated tabs onto one browser. can't consolidate gmail accounts, though. 
have decided to colour my hair on sunday. it's too late anyway and I am too worn out to do it 
have done marking. Off to get ready for BBQ. Looks like a wet one 
have done no revision  i am going to fail! goodbye expected ABB grades...  goodbye kings college....  hello unamployment!
Have done something to my foot which means that I can't walk and therefore couldn't make the most of the glorious sunshine today 
Have eaten all of the food i packed for work and still sooo hungry 
Have ended up at soundcheck for Auntie Annie's gig tonight. Kagura are sounding freaking awesome! Gutted I can't stay for the gig now 
Have finally arrived in Austin and it's GREAT so far!!!  on 2nd floor but coworker went out while I took a quiz online for school 
Have flat to myself. What shall I do? Oh look, lots of studying to catch up on  But first, food.
Have fun at the Lincoln! I wish I could have been there.  Next year! http://www.prairieghosts.com/conference.html
Have fun for me please...working 
have fun there. no need to worry about me, i'm going to be fine. you know, at home. with no one. alone. doing nothing 
Have got a second round interview for a job tomorrow! Suit pressed, shoes shined, beard shaved 
have got hickups and feels  cos my granddad is giving up on life
have got nippy eyes, rather annoyingly. I think a nap is the only solution and the one not available to me right now. 
have h/w i cbf doing 
Have had 2 nosebleeds this morning and now have a blinding headache 
Have had eaten hardly anything all weekend, but doesn't feel hungry. Can't taste anything... stooopid cold 
Have had enough of work and have deicded to try and sleep, thinking this may be a long night 
Have had ham salad and a muller rice (strawberry) for lunch, could eat it all again though  &amp; here till 8pm
have had home search visits in the morning, then a huge nap and now I just realized it is too late to leave for the school communion 
Have hard time to sleep lately 
have headache  b back later tweoples mwah
Have Heart is breaking up  http://tiny.cc/lBf6V
Have Heart is breaking up wtf 
Have huge headache 
Have i ever told you, I love being inside a room with surrounded with metal blinds while using my mobile broadband - dialup is godsend 
have i ever told you, i'm number dyslexic. no kidding 
Have I lost my profile picture 
Have I mentioned lately how much I hate finals? I am so fucked. 
Have I mentioned that I Hate Shoe Shopping. 
Have I mentioned that I want to go see the Girls again? Because I do. Multiple times. Especially in Newc. I WANT IT. 
Have I mentioned that I'm very pissed off with my BM marks ? I went from a bloody A1 to A2   
Have I said that I don't want finish the practices yet? If I could, I never would leave this school...   I want work there!!!
Have insomniasex &quot;rate my puppy&quot; (misspelt on purpose, t9's a star!) &amp; &quot;make money 4 u&quot; following now! 
Have just been told that I should join weight watchers and go to the gym.  *sobs#
Have just checked in to the Ship and Bell. No porsche dealer near that I can see.   http://bit.ly/HGcvt
Have just downloaded a Font from Net...now how the hell do I access it?! Bloomin' hate being such a tech idiot! 
Have just realised, I'm away with my Dad and have forgotten to bring his present and card 
Have just scoffed a load of biccies, probably ruined all the good work I put in to lose 1.5 pounds this week 
Have just seen an awful lot of very lovely photos of Albania, and now want to go on holiday somewhere exciting and abroad 
Have just seen the fittest guy ever ever ever in peace gardens, I was acually heartbroken when he walked away  Corp stalking time!
have just shot a rat, inside where the rabbits are .. it was a BIG and FED rat.. 
Have just transfered money for various kid-related activity. Kids are very expensive these days. I cannot get enough money in! 
Have just watched Robin Hood on iPlayer very sad  cant wait for the series finale!
have large, scary, complicated binding machine from school to truss up the diss for submission. left the instruction book at school  
have like five exams next week 
have loads of appropriate textures already.  and love creating photo montage.  this week in between web work.  overdue web work. 
have lost my (nearly full) Red Roaster loyalty card on which I'd saved all my free coffees  very sad now #redr.. http://tinyurl.com/lsjsfr
Have lost my phone charger  ... waking up for my exam on Wednesday may be a bit of a problem!
Have lost my shoe 
Have made it home...but I wanna go back to Darwin! 
have midwife appt @ hospital 2morrow. *groan* still need 2 chase BT results tho from drs *double groan* 
Have mowed the lawn. I don't like gardening one bit; going to get someone to do a makeover of it since it looks hurrendous 
Have my cold drugs now, and I have new shoes!  Feeling a bit down though, and angry at a certain someone for no good reason... 
Have my German exam this weekend... Need to study 
have my godmother round with her family for the weekend! its really hot and sunny but there are now clouds  x
Have my niece tonight and she doesn't feel very good... 
have my permit test in the morning im so scared that im gonna fail 
have my phone interview for DCU today.... sooooooooooooooo nervous!!!! 
Have no clue what to do.. im not tired at all 
have no idea what to do..tired n lazy 
have no idea..somebody help... 
Have no plans for 4th of July 
Have no seat on train during this mornings commute 
have no sound for some reason    no whave to unpack all of my clothes.  How does three double wardrobes of clothing fit into two . . .
have no twitter followers 
Have not cried in a long time  whywhywhy. Im dumb.
Have not had much time to tweet due to my new job 
have not updated in foreverr. but i'm super bummed out to be back from the beach and i think everyone should know. 
Have nothing new to read. Was going to start DarkHunter series over again. But, seems my dgtr took off with them.  
have nothing to do... frankfort can be so boring at times 
Have now confirmed why I could've never gone to law school. Bored to tears by legalese. And tax law's gotta be the worst. Totally evil. 
Have one more exam and that is it but it is maths.  only 20 more days till is see Take That Gary Go and Lady Gaga. Well excited. 
Have pink eye 
Have returned with abundance of mangoes but no nori 
Have run errands to East Dulwich in glorious sunshine - now about to clean communual hall 
Have said this before, will say it again, the Megaman 9 OST is so frickin' rad! http://bit.ly/gODWu Now if I could only complete it... 
have school tomorrow, another day of sameness, so boring  
HAVE SERVICE!!  (AAHHHHH!!!!)
Have set up Tweetdeck  to view multiple accounts &amp; registered for syncing. Still can't sync on iPhone though as have &quot;-&quot; in email address 
@dicedork I knew someone would address the issue in here. I've hit refresh three billion times. MUST HAVE LJ BACK NAO! 
@Dichenlachman is it twitteriffic? I've been having troubles with it all week. It's so not &quot;riffic&quot;. 
@diciannove Having pms breakouts, ci.. Can't even budge from bed 
@dickberries DAMMIT!!!  im hungy as sh*t....and i cant go anywhere...ugh...well thanks anyways
@dickieadams Make sure to report back! May be some screen problems  http://tiny.cc/k687f
@dickiemaxx  seems alright.  It seems like Friendfeed integration isn't working though. 
@dickiemaxx - Sorry your day ended up sucking. Have one for me. 
@dickiemaxx  Win a few; lose  few  a  with a 
@dickotomy sorry dude... was hoping to borrow karma off yours 
@dickpacker wow I  only got £40 for my old phone 
@dictionmary But I'm bored  You have Bo's computer and all I have is stupid Twitter and a 12 second clip of Jinwoon ==
@dictums that was hours ago, and I'm sure you're okay now, but YIKES!! *hugs* That has got to suck. 
@Didagod not yet. way behind on song checkage  will do today. #promise
@diddlez Joscelyn was talking about how into it they are.. I WANNA PLAY 
@diddyoh not for me 
@Didi_Pop no  in the am we're to be leaving... Speaking of which I should be sleeping! Have fun if u go out!!!
@didie_mun i am also thinking about an ipod touch, a new handphone, or nothing. so damn hard choice 
@didine  I'm sorry, I hope you feel better soon! I started getting a sore throat and gross stuffy nose yesterday. It's SPRING not winter!
@Didisupasoka Oh, I hope everything works out. I'm so sorry. 
@die_lavish  my lame attempt to be cool... 
@die_tryin Sadly, I've been too stressed out to &quot;associate&quot; much... 
@diecasthawaii true...my expectations are too high... 
@Diego_Cooper meh, not really angels and demons... not scary 
@diegoluishbfly pretty bleak  i hurt my knee in basketball and have to go see the doctors tomorrow for it ugh! Lol but im strong and ok!
@diegorsolers  Not Found The requested URL /contest/ was not found on this server. Additionally, a 404 Not Found error was encountered ...
@diehairdye I know lol I told you but you prolly weren't listening to me 
@DierksBentley we have been waiting all year to see you, and now we are crushed to find out the Birthday Bash is cancelled. 
@dies_el  We'll have special solo feats
@dieslermusic @PrincessSarahXx - me too! I still think he prefers Kate though 
@diet_diary Ooh... it won't get that tweet because of the period after the 8 
@dietcokegirl1 Please do! I think you're the only one so far who's actually posted for the #wlpics idea. Sad. 
@dietsch Union Square? Somerville? You're better off with the 87. That probably helps you zero at this point, though. 
@dietsoylentcola I am presently messing around with LJ settings, contemplating a cigarette that I will not have til tomorrow morning  u?
@dietzilla aww  you're not giving up are you?
@DifaJonasLover No... not yet  I have 3 days of school left. But then! =D You??
@diffus Nee, klappt nicht. 
@DigDan I want just a newer pc haha doesnt have to be a mac 
@DiggsWayne Oh No...  send him away ...
@digidivaish i would like to, but i gotta go get my Pre and then yard work all day 
@DigiGifts I feels left out  I can't whinge about them like the other kids can hehe
@digital_flake accidents happen.  The bird must have lived a good life.  Sorry you didn't get the job after all  and ohhhhh...a Macbook! x
@digital_flake I'm sorry u didn't get the job  but macbook! envious :p
@Digital_Girl ...My phone = BROKEN PIECE OF ISH SPRINT  I REALLY need a new one!!! Stopped turning on :/
@Digital_Girl I need all the love I can get  Thanks hun!!!
@Digital_Girl so u was holdin out on me before...wasnt gonna mention pasta...  i see you ;P
@digitalchill no can do that night. i am moving that night... 
@digitalclover Did you see that @brettnoe said that one of the computers crapped out? 
@digitalcolleen  :O ano!!! i can't get it though, cos i've no money atm 
@digitaldales No. But that's the answer you expected! Tried to do a guerilla stream but no connectivity 
@digitaldolphin did you ask why he did it? orr? 
@digitalgravy Your little furry friend has passed away next to trampoline 
@digitalkitty Damn that sux 
@digitalla is anyone streaming this like Techzulu? Where can I get the feed if I can't attend? 
@digitallearnin Heppell's opening sentences describe how I see NZ schools developing under the current govt  ...
@digitalmaverick It makes me ashamed to live in the county. 
@digitalmaverick Same problem with DMs. 
@digitalproduct no detox  just did one on mon. Can't do it often...not good for you! Ill prolly do it in 2 wks again
@digitalproduct Whaaa the Hell!! Thts mean, They wipe of very easy 
@DigitalRoyalty my internet wont open the page     stupid thing!!! lol
@digitalsecy Oh, and I'm sorry about your cold  That's never fun.  Hope you get well soon!
@DigitsWife hahaha damn. Where was my invite?  who was all there?
@digiwombat well i wanna know what i said that offended you and makes you think i don't know anything 
@digiwombat You don't like Star Trek? 
@dihlema made it to 2nd rnd, we won't noe till august.so farrr frm now.it was fun &amp; hectic:$ haha..saw velasco der&amp;my toe ws bleeding  lol
@diiiannee why cant youuu 
@DiiLee dallooooooooooooool sheft DAVID BECKHAM IN ARMANI UNDIES INFRONT OF SELFRIDGESSSSSSSSSSS w/ Victoria 
@DiiLee dun have time for gym ;r .. got work .. study and also a project  .. shaklaa bagoolohom esawooli .. ;p
@DiiLee hate paper work ..  alla e3eeenich 7abooba 
@DiiLee looool baas really i hate when girls think thats all we think about 
@DiiLee yea 
@diitcher yeah its happening to me too 
@DijanaD They robbed us of our cash money  it felt like an inside job. They got in, went through bags and took dough! Just dough! The HOs
@Dijel I should be there jelly 
@Dilerius I agree! even though I dont have school tomorrow/today I still have to revise all day! 
@Dili wow... MIA beats ABBA! 
@Diligent1 ahhh that's not cool  sorry to hear it
@dilipm Listening to them now..Nothing sticks 
@Dillan_Official Yeah, my mum told me! Sorry you missed me.  I agree, we should get together!
@dillazag how is she doing?  im coming back soooonnnnn!!!!
@dillonramage I JUST KNOW WHERE TO FIND IT please stop harassing me, sir 
@dillonramage What the fuck happened? Was it an update? I DON'T WANT TO LOSE MY MUSIC 
@dilloo3 dilooooooo, i miss u too! parah parah parah, bsk km uas jg ga? after uas wajib ketemuuuu 
@Dillwavy sorry but I couldn't think I a better phrasing. 
@DillyDazzle I may not be going Rolando may be back by then idk? Really want to 
@DillyeoSam Actually, it seems most of the people want Fed to win so he can tie Sampras 
@Dilshaad yeah...everything is okay,got only probs with my left knee  a lot of work this weekend...regensburg marathon...
@dilyswei thank you! i know its not over but the fact that i studied day and night made me sad 
@dima767 Maven is great when you've got Maven ninjas to help you when you're in trouble ;-) But it requires too deep expertise 
@dimdim is down  come back soon?
@dimensiondvdrob I agree. I have to work this one. Usually I can manage to be home. I won't get home till it is about over. 
@dimensionmedia @refreshboca? what is this? is everyone abandoning me?        ;-)
@dimestorefind I'm very jealous that you got to go to Britain!  I have been dying to travel the world but I've always lacked the money 
@Dimitri0924 yep that means no skating, no dancing, no running, barely walking, and no sports 
@Dimonios Oh, sorry to hear that  Just continue to stay positive, I'm sure everything will be alright. Sending some good energy to you ;)
@dimplejr i know...  this is not my week!
@dimsum4u due to time constraints, just went to Green Lake 
@Dina357 noo here the film can be seen from the day 8 May  and you? have you seen the movie?
@dinaforehand @kerryanderson sorry i missed tonight. 
@dinafragola ah... No I understand...   Hope you will find the other one soon btw!
@dinafragola dina that's terrible to hear   hope you are ok .. and I hope the cat will be ok too *hugs*
@dinahahaha i have yet to watch 
@DinahMaria  maybe one person at a time can make a difference...I sure try w/my 8 y/o!
@dinamayhem i know  we'll hang this weekend fo sho. I'll put yo weave in girl. Lol
@dinasaurus_rex Trust me, it's not by choice, you know that  If I had it my way you'd be right here with me now.
@dinatome Can't today.  Hopefully I'll get there tomorrow. @jukeyshaw definitely wants to hit it up though!
@DinaUpdates  I like Sveta though so I'm not too upset. But it's time for Rome. Go get em Dina.
@dinealonemusic Borderline gig.. best gig of my life! except that george and dallas left to go to radio 1 after 
@dinealonemusic dammit! wish No Doubt was playing with blink again!  would have been such an epic tour!  Ive never seen them live.
@dineanddashed indeed  its rubbish. especially wen i have two essays due in on thursday and i cant move out of my bed 
@DineandDish So jealous. We still have two more weeks 
@Dinero562 well I guess we dont see what u guys see  thank you tho I really put it cuz without it I get carded cuz i look like a baby lol
@dingbatkaren I should have!! Grrrr.....my uncle was so sad! 
@dingbatrk ooh tawny astaw3eb math prep 
@dingyu I want dim sum!!!  
@dinibeanie oh that's ew  i hope the test went alright. i think uni weeks should be 3 days long at most, and nothing more.
@dinidu that bad eh? 
@dinkydaisy Errrr why? I've lost me, I feel left out. 
@dinkydarko you're STILL WATCHING IT?! don't tell anyone but i'm getting a smidgen stuck into never been kissed. i can't find the remote! 
@dinnerlove so am i, and i dont know how to stop it... its been the WORST food too 
@dinno everything sounds good, but the friend cap sounds a little awkward to me! dunno about her or others! 
@dinno its a Gujju wedding nah! All dress nd clothes are being noticed! 
@dinno what was the announcement? i don't see anything in ur time line! 
@dinography I need more tracks 
@dinokid B can call C whenever, N needs to back the fuck off if he's upsetting B. 
@dinomite Rhapsody doesn't have this yet. My love for rhapsody drops every time it fails to have music that I want 
@dinorawr ohh right, that was pretty shit  what time did everyone leave yours.. there were still a canny few when i left at half 10. x
@Dinosaaar27 why? 
@Dinosarah last time I checked you couldn't 
@DinosaurrsRawrr after half term?! im so jealous 
@dinosuit  urgh my hair. I wish I had naturally strait, STRAIGHT hair. :'(
@dinosuit So why aren't we having KD this year? Highlight of my summer 
@dinosuit yup. It's taking forever to get dark 
@dinothatwombos omg!!! did u really that sucks!!! 
@DiNovia   Wednesday is over.    Maybe Thursday?  My F5 key is sooo tired.
@DiNovia I totally told you that, *sniff* obviously you don't listen to me  Have you seen her podcasts yet?
@Dinozaur Sorry girl. Have to change it so it's no longer slang  It's too frustrating and DIFFICULT! I'm talking in regular slang now lol.
@dinsosaurprnx3 teach me! I cannot figure it out. 
@dinug Nope  Just talking about Idol tour
@Dinzzz missed you at the finish line  Wearing my medal all around town!
@diogorichie       it is you I am very sad because the publisher can not Kito fierce and you can not boyfriend 
@diogoshark Sacanagem. 
@dionne_  I am too 
@DionneSouth I wish i could but got too much to do in the flat  why can't their be a gadget to help me out here lol
@DionRodrigues yeah you're right.  I just wanted to get this done. lol
@Diortem Hmmm, yeah I can see that being a bitch 
@dipbaby I'm at the Philly equivalent of club cafe and they're playing mariah bitbim not mariahfan here 
@diplo sounds like a right 'ol tear-up! Only 200 miles is keeping me from it 
@dipsylee14 but it must be before u run away to the UK on me 
@diptastic yea im is. lmao.. im hyper as hell this am.. hopefully it will last all day.. 
@Dipz730BrydGang are u from the bx and by the way u not followin me 
@dire awww no  where'd you get it?
@direzze  you need a good ol starbucks! lots of caffeine and whip cream! or something alcoholic. but i'll say starbucks for now.
@Dirk_Diggler68 Lol...I kno, but I reeeeaaaaalllllly hate my job. 
@Dirk_Gently yeah, my wooden basement stairs too 
@dirkjohnson I can definitely take her/him but I'm not sure if dumped. Very BIG cat. But crying in that lost sort of way, at my window 
@dirklancer I dont normally partake in #followfriday, but he has so few followers 
@DirrrrtyydVE sounds awesome. I wish it was warm enough up here to be wearing minimal amounts of clothing but no. we got snow yesterday 
@dirrtelaundre3 brings up a good point..WHAT HAPPENED TO TATORS? 
@Dirt_Diver Still haven't fixed it? 
@Dirt_Nasty  don't freak out sweetie. If you need to talk call me. I'll talk you through it.
@dirtbagdiaries I really liked what she had to say about mom's claiming their fair share of play time ... too many of us don't! 
@Dirty_Rugger @KatLaurel oops it's 7 months 
@dirty_saint noo! i wish i could play!! 
@DirtyA @ work now &amp; after that chill at home watch tv, not feeling 2 welll 
@DirtyA @DirtyA wooo that's in my hood but I don't think I can make it  http://myloc.me/G1p
@DirtyA me too 
@DirtyDali tell me about it.  lol
@dirtydianna You missed your grandmas birthday dinner 
@dirtydizco hes good, gettin big..he lost his first tooth the other day..so hes not a baby nomore 
@DirtyDizco Maaan if I was in pain I'd come. I wanna come  eat some 4 me lol *rolls eyes*
@dirtyjerzchick animal! lol. im coming in about 4weeks from now and probably 4 weeks from then.. I bought too many tickets  lol..
@DirtyRed38 same here  sorry that your bored.
@DirtyRose17 I sure would have if I was not home by the time that message was read. 
grr.. fall out boy should come to cali 
Grr.. forgot to charge my laptop. About to run out of juice in the middle of coding 
Grr... ask me about tires, I'm becoming an expert!    http://twitpic.com/7hu8w
Grr... I HATE RAIN,, AND MONDAYS,, 
Grr... revising history is DULL. But at least the weather has cooled down, not helping me concentrate though 
Grr... Today has just been a really off day. 
grr...gotta look at getting a new phone because my dog totally ate mine  its just a phone ill be fine for awhile. phone, read, sleep!
grr...no laptop = no TV with computer = no TV twitterating 
Grrr - just spend the last 15 minutes making french toast only to discover there is no tomato sauce 
grrr - some relationships are worth too much effort ... and you wonder whether it is really worth it 
GRRR . FOOTBALL ..cant find head fones 
Grrr @skabbster woke me up at 3:45 when he got up for work &amp; I haven't been able to fall asleep again. He needs to come back to bed! 
Grrr Antigone TS tomorrow  then free all summer  Balloons, bacon and boys at the ready!
grrr day 2 of back spasms... no fun 
grrr do not like not having the choice of whether or not to drink  .. lol .. 574 3198  *
grrr flight is delayed!!  just wanna see my fam, abbey, and brett!! 
grrr fusterated. Everything in my house is breaking... 
GRRR got a new photo frame got home and it was broken 
grrr got an exam tomorrow and i don't know anything 
GRRR HAILEY NEEDS TO GET HAPPY! 
Grrr i can't scroll down on my mighty mouse Iv tried cleaning it but it ain't working  HELP!!!
grrr i hate sensitive teef 
Grrr I have band practise 2day  hopefully no1 try 2 abduct mee this time
grrr I just found out that I will be at work during @KalebNation 's live blogtv today. And it's not even a higher paying managing shift 
grrr i really wanted to go to the bmth concert    BORRRED
GRRR I'm mad at AOL news 4 spoiling the Gosselins &quot;surprise announcement&quot; before I got to watch tonites show. Not that it wasn't obvious. 
Grrr life is so haaard....i need friends 
Grrr lovely sunny day again,first off to enjoy the sun and I'm stuck in Uni right now  BORING! http://twitpic.com/6e4ct
grrr maybe when there aren't so many things going on we can get #whereisjoeymcintyre to trend. NK fans have FAILED MEH!!! 
Grrr MTV awards not on 4 an hour and 40 minuites here 
GRRR my dads been home from work for like 3 seconds and already hes lecruring me  :@ still struglin with math
Grrr my mum wont let me get twitter on my fone. SO UNFAIR 
grrr my tv signal is really bad! its not even picking up one single channel 
grrr tied down with exam study!! 
Grrr to the weather, no out on the bikes now... Car instead  Queensland weather seriously get your act together! Not happy Jan!
Grrr work is boring. I'm supervising again therefor I am here until 8am 
Grrr wtf! Left my room to take a pain pill and my son didn't answer my phone, missed @killakel25 call! 
Grrr! I have lots of dull things to do today  ...as i slept for most of yesterday! Seemed like a good idea at the time.
grrr! i want to shower already but dad is still fixing the window 
Grrr! What I said was I don't THINK it was worth it ! Dam blasted keyboard ! 
grrr, i sound really deep voiced!! bc of my effin nose 
Grrr, stupid trampoline having water supplied around the edges. I was sat on it and now my bum is wet.  Took some cool pics in the garden.
Grrr, the net is soooo slow right now  wonder why...
grrr, why couldnt henry be at school today, sooooo booorrreeedd and want to go out. 
Grrr, wonder if my Twitter problem is because work computers use archaic browser (IE6)? Was fine yesterday 
grrr.  i left my book @ home.  guess i gotta make another run home 
Grrr. Bad calls! Ohh, Cyrus. 
Grrr. I am hungry and Ron got pulled over within walking distance of the apartment. I figure the policeman would frown on me going home. 
grrr. my town has closed down the main road to the center of town. so driving to my son's school will require a loop though another town. 
Grrr. Shopping on my own. Stoopid friends BBQ 
Grrr. Trying to download a book onto my BB from Mobi, and I keep losing connection. Sometimes living in the sticks is a pain in the rear 
Grrr.. my ipods acting weird too! Jai ho and thinking of you aren't playing the full songs.. ughh. 
Grrr...  Yesterday was strange.... Kissed him twice thats it  talk to meh!!!
Grrr... #twtpool page wouldn't register my Red Wing's pick tonight and now it's too late.  
Grrr... had a spurt of energy this morning, but still managed to sleep most of the afternoon away 
Grrr... I still never got my Vitamin C tabs though &amp; we have no Orange Juice here.  My throat is slowly getting worse. Tomorrow will ROCK!
Grrr... Trying To Write A Song Is Harder Then I Thought 
Grrr.... Staying back...  Heavy rains... 
grrr.... too much lag for lan games with brother 
Grrr....Can't sleep. Got that adrenaline rush that always comes after one of my migraines. Im tired 
Grrr..stupid internet connection ruined a great scrabble game 
Grrrhhh bloody xbox froze again.  
grrrr . the thunder storm is scary  i can't sleep
Grrrr 2 of my 3 drivers and half of my team from fantasy f1 are out 
Grrrr alan is late picking me up he got a massive tummy ache from last nights parmesan cheese 
grrrr git won't let me merge because a file I don't care about would be overwritten by the merge - where's the -force option??  #gitfail
grrrr im like trying to change my letter colour and it keeps saying there was a problem with..... blablabla  i was like grrr i hate youu
GRRRR I'm so damn angry!!!! But my friend kariz had given me support and now i feel better, but i still wanting to cry!!!  dry tears!
Grrrr it's raining 
GRRRR MSN is being a fucking gimp!! Will not let me sign in! Proxy is offline or some shit, yet internet is fine!  #angrytweet !! lol
grrrr new bed, cant sleep, so tired 
grrrr rain delay for tiger and longhorns 
grrrr she not replying  trish i dont like the green backround!
Grrrr shot down yet again 
Grrrr too much talk about this #IranElection . Little we can do anything about it. 
grrrr twitter wont let me post 
Grrrr YouTube deleted my latest video  curse them
Grrrr! I just puked for no apparently reason! Soo not cute! 
Grrrr! Reverb!!!!!  will I ever be as good as Jonny Buckland? Maybe I need a jazz cigarette like the one he had in &quot;Away Day'!?
GRRRR!!! It's BACK!!!!! And what I mean is my headache  But on the *       *        bright side....it's only on one side!!!! /\/\/\/\/\
Grrrr!!! Seems that my hayfever has returned!! Thought I'd got away with it 
Grrrr!!....bases loaded, bm 9th, no outs, down by 4 and we blow it!   Til tomorrow Sox...til tomorrow.........
grrrr, i never win 
Grrrr, im irritated at my blog not posting 
grrrr.  someone ate my watermelon slices! Haterssss. Lol. Bleh.
GRRRR. my stupid phone is broken  im trying to fix it but they keep putting me on hold 
Grrrr. Taunted by 8 pages of Fathers Day gift ideas in the Metro, knowing full well that I wont even get a card  (via @cole007)
Grrrr. Txt from client cancelling appt. 
grrrr... I can't change my profile pic. Anyone else having this problem 
Grrrr... will anything not make me throw up. Sick of being sick 
grrrr.... out of food, but crappy weather outside 
Grrrr....I got the wrong size coat for the sheep 
Grrrr...hate making plans and then not getting the correct info at the last minute. 
Grrrr...hate to work over the weekend 
GRRRR...I need a hug but my boyfriend isn't around and neither are any of my friends!! 
grrrreat! they hired novelty tits twin sister.. can you say &quot;no shifts for alexis&quot;?! i need to find a new bartending gig soon 
Grrrreat, there's a bug going on at work and its catching up to me 
grrrring at my computer....damn slow thing. 
Grrrrr fuck. Just remembered that I'm doing the later shift today, so not at work for another hour! What a wasted lay in opportunity 
Grrrrr hate it when mum trys my clothes on &gt;_&lt; stretching theeeem 
Grrrrr its snowing  i hate it when its cold!! It sure doesnt feel like spring
Grrrrr my AC only works when it wants to 
Grrrrr, craving starburst smoothie fruity sweets, I GATE healthy eating, it's so miserable!! 
grrrrr. toe hurts still and so does my sunburn. didn't really get to work on the history project 
Grrrrr... explorer.exe keeps freezing 
Grrrrr... Stupid virus!!! I got fooled by the site! Gaaaaaah! I need to remove this worm right away!!! 
Grrrrr......4got to save a movie PLUS computer crashed, so my REALLY AWESOME video is gone.... :'( 
Grrrrr....stupid dogs. Stupid not being house broken. 
GRRRRRR sick once again! 
GRRRRRR Tied at 5 now.  #reds
grrrrrr why did i leave the longest most boring subject till last ... oh wait, it's coz it's the longest most boring subject 
grrrrrr. I kick him off the bed and he keeps gettin back in. 
grrrrrr....... I want to tweet using my mobile phone.. I'm from Australia, don't know how 
Grrrrrrr I wanna go hoooome  Someone save my sorry ass!
GRRRRRRR! The puppy started whining again, and won't shut up. I'm never going to sleep again... 
grrrrrrr.. missing the past... 
Grrrrrrrr missed most of MasterChef, failed to program Foxtel as well as the DVD recorder so accidentally recorded the wrong shows 
Grrrrrrrr! I made a super nice nice nice background for my twitter but it's TOOOOOOOO big! AH 
grrrrrrrr.....my picture isn't showing up 
grrrrrrrrr... why can't I open vector images with paint shop pro???  It won't let me, even tho I have the file assiciations checked.  
GRRRRRRRRRR! Alright, i think i'm done with my venting. 
Grrrrrrrrrr. twitterberry isnt opening on blackberry anymore... &quot;uncaught exception out of memory error&quot;   its one problem after another! 
Grrrrrrrrrrr .... come on Cards get your asses in gear and win one! 
grrrrrrrrrrrr ellen had a game which i could not play since i do not live in the us of a  :'(
grrrrrrrrrrrrr i was enjoying the sun 
grrrrrrrrrrrrr...........too manny people are mad today!!! 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr I can't @reply to anyone 
grtting really mad with my tv it saying dateline not on 
grumble..weather man.. don't know wtf they are talkin about.  
grumpy.I REALLY dislike ineptitude and shortsightedness which is stubbornly held on to.Dear God, keep me from killing anyone at work 
GSCE chemistry test tomorrow 
gt free tickets to see The Hangover but cannot go 
gtfo hiccups. i read the cutest fanfic (k plz don't shoot me) about Oli Sykes and Sean Smith but it didn't have an ending 
GTFO INFLAMED TASTEBUDS AND CANKAR SORES. YOU ARE NOT WANTED 
gtg doc gain my dad says my temp went 45c  au revoir
gtg I might not see  you guys till monday   ATT: Cali  stop acting like you know how to drive in the rain :/ Killer cars today! BYE BYE
gtg Shopping not the  Clothes and purses shopping the Grocery kind 
GTG! school starts tomorrow  pudge!!! tweet after school )
gtg...  my sister is going to use the computer....  i'll go online later... ;)
Gu Hye Sun sounds less irritating dubbed in Indonesian though LOL she sounds sensible and less over-acting. I still prefer Inoue Mao. 
guard duty tonight! not going home 
Gucci sale sucks  boohooo my dream ferragamo flats were on sale but they don't have my size. I wish I had bigger feet 
guck grad viva___l�uft shice mukke 
gud / bad day??  Its goin gud cuz i have da day off...its not so gud cuz im not feeling gud...i think im getten sick..  
gud craic last nite but im dying 2day no more fu**ing cider again 
gud mornin all...   i gotz a stomach acherz 
gud morning twitter fam! sleepy as hell rite now and dis rain aint makin it no better. 
gud night.....with a congested nose 
Gudaftrnon tweeps!! late entry to twitter today..tweetdeck givin me trouble 
GudMorNin all! 
gue udah punya yang stardust neverwhere ama anansi boys,waktu itu liat coraline tapi lupa beli  susah nyarinya
gues i have to be a Blue Bull for today   Why Sharks... Why???
guess a nap is out of the question  i&lt;3you
Guess gonna have a fun time at school with my friends, but now i feel so bored.. 
guess i best get back 2 wrk....i overstayed my half hour break long enough *big sigh*  [LB]
Guess I can just go tomorrow... 
guess i cant smoke the hookah anymore 
guess I can't win em all 
Guess I could eat something, hey. I'm not sure if I'm pleased it's the weekend or not. I've kind of been enjoying working 
Guess i gotta back to school today  not feelin this at all
Guess I gotta restore this damn of today 
guess I have to wait another year to see Taylor Swift 
Guess I have to wait for the Mtv VMA to be aired where i'm from 
Guess I need mobile spell-check. 
Guess I should call it a night. Meetings in the morning &amp; financials for the afternoon. Booo! Oh yeah, the Clipper's got beat tonight 
guess i should get to work now 
guess i should get up 
Guess I should give in and start using Twitter  The total of three people I talk to use it.
Guess I should go to bed... Have to be up in 5.5 hours... haven't been able to sleep lately too stressed about website not being done yet 
Guess i should really go exercise 
guess i was wrong 
guess i will get dressed to go do payroll  BLAHHH BLAHH BLAHH
Guess I will go to bed...Cavs lost 
guess i will listening to chrisette cd since i cant nap.. 
Guess I will TRY to go back to sleep   Oh b4 I do, sending out a big &quot;HELLO BABY&quot; to you Deano ;)  hugs &amp; kisses, babe!
guess I'll be at work until midnight 
Guess I'll finally go to bed.  Was suppose to do that a few hours ago   Gonna be tired tomorrow!
Guess I'll finally watch the &quot;Pushing Daises&quot; series finale. 
Guess I'll go sleep for a bit, and set my alarm for 2 or something 
guess I'll go study...still upset I didn't find anything to buy at the mall 
Guess i'll have to wait until tomarrow for a video. 
Guess I'll start packing   then go buy some gifts and then I'm going golfing again...
Guess I'll take a nap 
Guess i'll worry about updating my iPhone later   I'm too tired to be worrying about it right now.
Guess i'm built for disappointment.  cause it always finds me.
guess im done online. about to fix some breakfast and iron clothes for the day. 
Guess I'm gonna need a new running divas shirt  or a good suggestion to getthe blood out
Guess I'm gonna try the nap thing again 2day, but since my kids haven't cooperated with it yet this week I'm sure 2day won't be different 
Guess I'm just not...cute any more 
Guess I'm not too sick for some good 'ol Thai food!! I even got tom kah to go. Wink wink!!! Or is it oink oink!! I think it's oink oink! 
Guess ima go 2 bed! So bummed out didn't think I wud be missin him so much! Good night yall 
Guess it's time to go do something constructive now.  
Guess it's time to go to work now   at least it's Friday
Guess no one is going out today 
GUESS SHE DONT 
Guess some of us arent ment to find love and be happy. destined to be alone. 
guess sometimes like this remind me that i've got to keep my feet on the ground 
Guess that would make me tweedle dum eh Sandra dee? Got a shag on Sat. night too. So here's my sign! I'll have a  face for sure on Sun. Ha
Guess there won't be another Sabbath reunion then  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/8075397.stm
guess this is not the day to upload anything to facebook, keep getting error. 
Guess we want go running tonight. Dang severe thunderstorms! 
guess we'll have to settle for a post anniversary celebration 
guess what i'm shafted again today 
guess what twiggas? yep, i'm starving! 
Guess what, VZ &quot;New Every Two&quot; isn't the same as your contract end date 
guess what...Olive Garden had the Moscato wine I've been looking for since I moved from Italy...should've tried some 
Guess what? I wrote a... wait I've already said this a LONG time ago. 
Guess what? My Dad is PREGNANT!!! lol nah, the doctor does have to give him an epidural for his chronic back pain, though. 
guess what?! i didn't have too good of an afternoon 
guess what?! i'm trying... but it seems not to be enough  ... i hope it all becomes better #BSB#BSB#BSB#BSB
Guess where am i now? Bras Basah, yet again.  eating at Tong Seng with hairul. At least we're relaxing and talking. Did errands for iitsc.
Guess which of these people has to sit next 2 me on the plane?   http://twitpic.com/6q74g
Guess who can't sleep again? This is like a never ending game of insomnia, and I'm not winning. 
Guess who forgot her coffee this morning.. 
Guess Whose Back :L  Charging My Ipod Coz It Died 
guess you were right .. any guy will drop me in seconds .. there goes number 3 .. you .. aviators .. and Starr Son ..  fml.
guessin she's really been dismissed 
Guessing I am not gonna be in donnies twisted vid as I didn't put a pic in  is it me or are his clues easier?
Guessing love can  get you through anything. I wish it could....... So much for a great day  PAYTON
guests just left, we had a good time. I am tired and hubby got sick! Poor thing! I can hear him in the bedroom coughing and sniffing 
Guh! SOUNDERS!!!!!!!!! Cant do it without Keller.  I bought some Blue Rams today! Yay! New fishes!
guh, back to school for a week and two days. 
guh, headache and eyes feeling weird. 
Guh.  Can I go back home to bed please?  I feel yucky.  
Have slept all afternoon and evening after getting back from NYC. Now feel bright as a button. Probably a bad move 
Have SO much revision to do...but so much homework to do too  xxx
Have so much to do today: hand in coursework, pack and tidy (and this is the wost work) and then my shift at work from seven. Shattering 
Have some instant noodles as dead fish's dinner again. 
Have some instant noodles as dinner again. 
have sooo much to do for school  it's gonna be a loong night -.-
have stuff to do today but really finding it hard to stoke the fire to get going 
Have the absolute hump! My huge 2 bed flat is being converted into a 3 bed  Thanks a lot! #wankers
have the headache from hell. Nothing takes it away, Damn hayfever 
have the hiccups and i can't get rid of them 
have the hick-ups! won't go away! i have tried everything! some body plz help me! 
Have the iPod flowing through the home theater system and my novel ready for a read! Life is GOOD! Oops... also a board meeting at 5 PM 
Have the office all to myself for two hours! Sadly I've got lots of filing to do!  roll on 3pm!!
Have the urge to make a batch of homebrew. Alas, my kit is locked away, alone, in the dark in a Queensland storage facility. 
have the worst cold ever.... 
Have the worst feeling right now, mix of anger, frustration, sadness, nervousness and abandonment 
Have the worst flu. Im ready for bed already. 
have this really weird/bad feeling  go awayy!
Have tickets to see @jamiecullum in Aspen tonight but no way to get there 
Have Tipjoy account now, but all buttons are javascript, which myspace won't allow. 
have to avoid playing today  my hands have got to heal for tomorow. Acoustic setting AND an amazing new song. Pretty exciting!
@DirtyRose17 k i'm bouta look as soon as i finish this homework 
@DirtySecretz Been there, done that 
@DisaAmena I'm sooooo late on this reply  Hey Disa! I haven't 4got about u.
@disachantel yessss, the doty my nigga...puff puff give lol I'd pass it 2 u but u's sooo far away 
@disasterarea1 ... however i've got to do some washing and ironing first 
@disasterhead agree 
@Disc0Fidget I'm actually so skint! I have no money for manchester, mooreys bday or after prom!!  and we need to find a party pronto!
@discho Unit 4, the hardest one 
@DisciplineCC Eek. I know how you feel... When I lived in Peru I always had to choose between having a freezing shower or a scolding one. 
@DisciplineCC hope you feel better  Car accidents stress me out! In a week get a massage in! Will help the little tears in your muscles.
@DisciplineCC lol yay! I won't be doing this again till June 10th, that's my last show. 
@DisciplineCC uh oh! i mustve missed something! u got in a wreck? were u hurt?! 
@Disclaimerr He has spoken :p i literally have 5 dollars in my bank account 
For those tuned in: The robin-nest situation has been deemed terminated. Local cat killed the mother robin. I just disposed the nest. 
For those who are asking Yes I am Single. I jus got out of a 2 year relationship a year ago...I was hurt. I thought he was my LIFE 
For those who are Harry Potter ignorant, the true villains of this movie are awful creatures called dementors.
For those who have asked, I'm not making it to the YouTube Gathering on the Gold Coast - @Comp1stSeason and Les Mis commitments. Sawry. 
For those who missed it (like me  ) , @txflygirl had a great discussion on NASA Spin-Offs yesterday.  Check out her feed and #nasaspinoffs
For those who who have T-Mobile...Facebook is not looking out for you.  The New SMS subscribe button on peoples profile doesn't work yet? 
for today, unless i get a text first, i shall not be talking to anyone 
for what does brandy have a twidda acount when she�s never there ?! miserable  - Leni
For you @LaylaEl fans ..i just entered her OFFICIAL TWITTER page and 40+ of her new friends are gone!!  have to add her later -ugh!!
Force India misses out on point yet again, So near yet so  far. 
Forced myself out of bed this morning, but failed to cycle in. Damn. 
Forced to sleep on the couch in my living room...left my window open all day &amp; a big scary moth floppin in there somewhere  yuck!
Forced to watch Americas got Talent! 
Forceing myself to sleep. 
forcing myself to go to sleep.  so much happening in the morning!  too much coffee late night.  
Forcing myself to watch bravo to influence me to get my sew on! 50 projects to finish, but so little time  maybe next time ill save ti ...
Guitar and art lessons tonight....fml screwwww that.  POOP
Guitar hero arcade machine at cinemark folsom... was surprisingly lame 
Guitar Hero drum kit broke  Best Buy replaced it, NO questions asked. Gotta love the $14 insurance...
Guitar Hero has Knights of Cydonia on it. Good point: MUSE! Bad point: Although she wants to play it, she doesn't want to ruin the MUSE! 
GUITAR HERO WORLD TOUR FINALLY WORKING XD yayyy! Can't play it though, because my sister's having her bday party now  LOL
Guitar is impossible to learn  I always forget the strings and stuff
Guitar solo performance exam in a couple of hours, absolutely terrified! I love the weather this morning, very relaxing! Wish me luck... 
guitar string prices went up.... 
Gulf Coast Apostolic Youth Camp starts tomorrow! Can't wait! Wish I could be there for the whole thing, but I gotta work during the day. 
Gulliboard makes too much updates 
Gulp... I'm going to have a LONG day at work. 
gulps! Chun-Li looks so ... muscular.  http://bit.ly/Thu1l
Gumby power reigned supreme at the Faversham on Tuesday! Is there any point to me having a day off when my return is this stressful 
Gumtree thinks I'm acting in a commercial capacity because I'm selling multiple guitars and music equipment. 
gun shots down the block 
gunna be a boring day  might go to the game at mitchell tho ;)
gunna chill with sammi and watch the hills finale...peace out LC 
Gunna collapse very soon... Wish i could! 
Gunna drown in Orlando! More storms r here  http://yfrog.com/0exmkj
gunna go for a walk today and then maybe ill sit in the sun for a bit. i had a wonderful tan a month ago and now its gone  i need it back
Forearm still feels bruised.  May not be able to hit the gym for a couple more days 
forecast fr cubs wsox game: rain again.......  hope this is wrong
forecast in sf for friday, may 29: 66 degrees. 
Forecasting : Weather  :: My Parents' House : Internet Connectivity/Stability  
FOREVER to write!!!  *Its u&amp;me 4eva*
Forget about me. 
forget it! i cannot read my friend's handwriting to copy down the notes. 
Forget it. Whats the point in trying? To be shot down for trying to fix our friendship? I just wanted things back how they were  oh well..
forget open the TV to watch EYESHIELD 21  http://plurk.com/p/vfu45
Forget swine flu! Him + Alissia are becoming addicted to twitter. 
Forget the movie idea. Tried playing it and it shakes in all three of my DVD players, it must be bent. That sucks 
forget y'all @QueenxCP and @P0l0R0iDPRETTY! i thought we was bros  twittering from the new (old ass hand me down) laptop.
Forget yall, that just woke up!!!! Shoot!!!  I've been up! Early bird catches the warm damnit! Lmao
Forgetting to roll up jeans + the ocean = 
forgive and forget NCIS and reading i guess not like im going to hear from him  miss him though
forgive me first love, but I'm tired. i need to get away to feel again; try to understand why. don't get so close to change my mind. 
Forgive me gods of web development for I have sinned.  thou shalt not hack asp code when it could be done in a few clicks with drupal
Forgive me jaz for saying that 
gunna go out now for my cousins birthday, but would rather be with Nadine 
gunna try to get some sleep. got a busy morning tomorrow.  school
gunna watch some Charlie/Claire vids, then read some fanfic..I miss this couple 
Gunnar just wants my skank. 
Gunshots! In my hood! 
Gurd morning! In F9  Feel ill! Why am I always sick?!
Gurgling warm salt water for my throat. Yey 
Gus is whining and crying. I hate having to leave him in his crate when I know he isn't feeling well. 
gusto ko ng chicken rice 
Gut feeling, shut up. I do not need your input. 
Guten morgen alle. woke up earlier than hoped with a bad neck pain. Oh well. Looking forward to another day of yard work. 
Guten Morgen. Up and off to get ready to go to Phantasialand, Cologne. Yay! But booooo, last park of holiday 
GUTS-events: working on guice injection of typed event channels providers. Tests are failing  Need further investigation.
Gutted 
Gutted @Haverholme can't make the murder mystery party anymore.  Stupid exam timetable!!!!!!  
gutted about last nights eviction :/ i hate halfwit hes sooo annoyin me arghh :O ..     BOREDDDDDDDDDDDD 
Gutted about leighton meesters sex tape! She was my fave actor aswel!  @itskeleighton
Gutted about Primeval being axed.  
Gutted about Stavros Flatley  .... But glad about Diversity.
Gutted about Yahoo closing down Geocities. Lots of childhood websites of mine going down with it 
gutted because my phone broke 
Gutted I couldn't/cant go the LMHR fest 
Gutted I really really want  go to @TAMLondon so so much and now Tim Minchin going to be there as well.  Boo not fair!!
Have to be at work in like 5 hours and I can't sleep YEKES!! 
have to be more careful to spellcheck my tweets 
Have to be up in 3 hours. No ice cream today 
Have to be up in 5 and a half hours 
Have to be up in 6 hours for class  why can't I sleep?!
have to build up my immunity on a vegan diet for the next couple of days 
Have to call my stepdad later for Father's Day. Wish my dad was still here. Really miss him. 
Have to cancel my travel plans for #Daugavpils for job-related reasons.  Will have to report about the #EP09 elections from #Berlin
have to clean my room     booooring
Have to clean up our house now  not funny
Have to convince myself that there's a greater reward for delayed gratification somehow to make myself focus on more pressing issue 
Have to cycle to college today otherwise I'm gonna be late for work  I'm still really tired mann!! Xx
Have to die hair tonight, roots are showing, seems to grow so much quicker in summer 
Have to do homework soon 
have to do my homework .. don't know how to accomplish that till tomorrow 
have to do this mc542 journalism in context re-do  it does pay to try your best first time!
Have to find an affordable motor bike that fits short people i.e. me 
HAVE TO FIND ME A MOVIE TO WATCH. NO BASKETBALL UNTIL THURSDAY 
have to finish (start) my memorandum and graphs. my computer screen decided to not come on again so i can't finish this in the morning 
have to finish a weeks worth of missed school all today. unfortunately that means writing 5 essays... what a joy 
have to finish up my homework right now 
Have to finish up the software arch doc  gym'ku 2day boongu
have to format my computer 
Have to get back to &quot;watching what I eat&quot; again, have gone buck wild with food and bev since honeymoon.  
have to get makeup on at school because i slept in for 20 minutes. 
Have to get my wheelchair fixed! Not happy.... 
Have to get off my phone and let it charge. 
Have to get off teacher caught me 
Have to get ready for work soon. Another late shift on call 
have to get ready now and go back to work  wish me luck see ya ;)
have to get up at 5 pm. 2mmorrow, great isn't it? have to do it probably the whole next week to 
Gutted I won't be at pride this year... It's gonna be amazing 
Gutted I'm missing out on free RPG day  Waylands Forge is a way to go for me though :/
Gutted im stuck in 
Gutted I've had to sell my Dot to Dot ticket 
gutted I've missed BGT  I'll have to watch the repeat tomorrow, diversity musta been pretty amazing to have won?
gutted man u lost 
Gutted Millwall tickets have all sold out for the play off final 
Gutted my guitar tutor didnt come 
Gutted not to be involved with KiosKiosK 
Gutted phone still does not work  gonna have to be a trip to the t mobile shop me thinks!
gutted shipwrecked is over 
Gutted shuda gone back yday  stupid exams bet ther was no1 ther hardly
Gutted Staveros Flately didn't win BGT 
Gutted Tbf, I New it was gonna be that anyways but still hurts.  Oh Well. Life Must Go On.
Gutted than mr alan is no longer with us 
gutted that i have no telly to watch Wimbers... more gutted about the whole Rafa thing  who do i support now my boy's not playing???
Gutted that my damn iPod won't play the new blackout vid  will have to watch it afterssss
gutted that Nadal isn't playing Wimbledon this year 
Gutted that Susan Boyle didnt win 
Gutted that the Cock Inn at Mugginton is being demolished  Wonder what happened to their 7 sided pool table?
gutted that the shuttle launch has been canceled again!  nexy launch july 11th @ 12:
gutted that the shuttle launch has been canceled again!  nexy launch july 11th @ 12:39 GMT
Gutted that the weather is miserable, today of all days. 
Gutted the works trip to the zoo has been cancelled due to &quot;car trouble&quot;...going to a local farmyard instead 
Gutted to be leaving Amsterdam I really want to live here! Hungover in the airport 
Gutted! 1 Firefly Angling Diablo carbon rod blank just exploded in my hands! Need a new end build 
Gutted! Just taken the car for a trial run and there's no way I can drive to work this week either  Heal you stupid muscles, heal...
Gutted, been invited to a bbq tomorrow night, gonna miss the BGT final   ...Wonder if they can wheel the TV outside??
Gutted, despairing 
Gutted, just had to turn down a ticket for Jean Michel Jarre at Wembley tonight... 
Gutted, my TCT Food video isn't going to plan 
Gutted. For 1st time ever I missed a speaking appointment   90mins standing still on the M25 due to an awful accident.
gutted. Had to go out today so haven't watched F1 yet as watching cricket first but now found out result of GP 
Gutted. That could be us done for. 
Gutted. The hotel i wanted is fully booked on the dates i'm after 
GUTTED. The rain got to my Moleskine, my diary and 2 weeks of notes. 
gutted....three day weekend and i have the flu 
gutterd i never got a star at work 
Guttered my wheels!   http://twitpic.com/5coh2
guttted.  my auntie in italy just rang and told me how my cousin met rob and her friend served him coffee. Shes gonna send me some pics.
Guus's last game 2moz 
GUUUUUUYYYYYYYSSSSSS I dont wanna be frankie 
Guy coming to see my car is late 
Guy wearing in-n-out t-shirt at chipotle... Couldn't be farther from one 
guys !! any idea ? where can i get red-worms in india ??  plzzzz help.  
Guys @LiggMo @CGZee @1stdraftpick Bruce Lee on the computer and I cant fuckin respond as quickly as i want  (Big 'ol sigh)
Guys are gross 
guys fl privalagd wiv my presence. i wsnt gna cum on bt i did cos i feel nosy. maths on monday 
guys give me a good song for dancing, i need it for my audition 
guys i feel like poo!! i'm never drinking again!! 
guys i need to go bye-bye cause i really need to get this studying goin, sorry  next week will be a blast tho, promise!
Guys I want to call you Demi &amp; Selena !! Can SOMEBODY Give Me your numbers  !!
guys i'm drunk but my vision is perfect as is my perception but everything else feels like i'm drunk  halp
Guys i'm really really trying to get the video up  my computer isn't being cool today 
Guys I'm SOO confused! 
Guys my phone is dying!!! 
guys only put #happybdaykrisallen in there once. otherwise twitter will think we're spamming!  (or write something inbetween each tag)
guys plz cheer me up  my mommy doesn't want to buy me an iPhone for my sweet sixteen! :'(
Guys suck  Cheaters, most of them.
GUYS the ghost is back at my house. wreaking havoc in the living room at odd hours of the night. cleaning up 
guys! please pray for us @CrackersHunter @idontnow1 @arovilla we're going to do our exams tomorrow 
guys, can you imagine if film crews ran the world? THAT WOULD BE SO WEIRD. 
Forgive me paul for i have sinned: i have eaten bacon 
forgot 2 bring home Vista SP2 from work  oh well plenty 2 do on the SBS 03 server I install a few days ago &amp; client has messed up already
Forgot about a polariod camera I was bidding on ebay, and I lost by like $1 
forgot about my english cw 
Forgot about new standing desk arrangement when I came to work in four-inch heels 
forgot about spanish gp so no day out for us 
Forgot about twitter again... it just doesnt excite me 
Forgot all the pics in my phone were deleted, until now!   MAN
Forgot Conan was on...missed the first half hour. 
Forgot her jacket in the Train... 
forgot her phone at home today.   #fb
Forgot her phone charger 
forgot his hat at #TUF  Let me know if you find it please, mill� grazie.
forgot his phone at home 
forgot his shampoo in Sarasota, so now gets to smell like a girl on his first day of work.  #fb
forgot his wallet at home....no money no honey.... 
Forgot how a bee sting feels. Was just stung on the arch of my foot. No first aid kit, so I used needle nose pliers to remove the stinger 
Forgot how hard cycling is..knee strapped up! 
Forgot how much i hate pizza delivery and manalapan and marlboro scum 
FORGOT how much I HATE the fact that casinos reek of smoke 
forgot how much i loved mysterious girl ! Not played this song for years! Makes me feel old though. 
Forgot how terrified I am of snakes... so I'm so glad I just woke up in a panic after a nightmare about one  Stupid snakes.
forgot i have a science exam on monday :| better revise 
Forgot it was Monday for a second there. On with revision 
forgot its bank holiday weekend - towns full of kids 
Forgot it's National Running day and ran INSIDE.  I'm scared to do outdoor runs lately because of my stomach.  4.47mi, 36min + 4 cooldown
Guys, i think we lost danny and eric.  lol
Guys, my sister needs prayers. She's got pneumonia 
Guys, we're not going to Sonoma at all, it's really difficult for us to drive over there tonight, we couldn't get there before 8 anyway 
guys. i forgot my fashionspot info since I haven't been on in years. anyone have invite code? wtf i feel so retarded 
Guyyyys, I shouldn't be awake  I'm starting to spout nonsense D:
Gveny baby will go away from me at 6:30AM this morning 
gville is rainy  party time tonight!!!
Gvr.... Free drinks... Gold fish game...friends.... What more could I ask for? Except that I'm starting to get tired. 
Gw tomboy, tp gw cewek, ok?  please remember that... http://plurk.com/p/12ntl4
gwants conversation hearts 'coz i've never seen one yet... 
Gym bound 
Gym first period, Literacy, Break and then SOCIAL STUDIES. Don't have my homework done 
Gym Time &amp; then school &gt; NOT looking forward to it 
Gym time! Somebody buy me a new rifle with a strap 
gym tomorrow...uh oh....back to reality 
gym tonight? idk  so tired.
gym was good i dont feel good 
gym, shower, doctors, nap, essay...blah 
Have to get up at 6:15 tomorrow for practise training   Been watching SG-A today, but went for long drive around the coast, was calming.
Have to get up in 5 1/2 hours  night all... Zzzz....zzz..
Have to get up too early after a wedding.  oh well, the sun is shining, luxemburg is waiting, let's get up. 
have to give some aerobics-classes, although my back is killing me 
Have to go buy dog food... 
have to go cleann  ill be back l8ter!!!  BYEE
Have to go get lab work done -.- who knew getting your wisdom teeth out was such serious buisiness 
Have to go home in awhile. Goodbye, internet.  I will miss you.
have to go home now  gonna miss the internet.
have to go in the park with my dog...but it´s rainin´   i think i will show him how to use a human toilet...see ya people...!
Have to go into work.  Really don't want to 
Have to go now  Tweet later!! xx
Have to go now have work experience soon lol. Its going to be boring but have to do lol.  
Have to go now... Have to study for my stupid physics test 
have to go out of country for a few days, no internet access 
Have to go to brother-in-law's house today.  Not sure if I'll be connected at all   we'll see.
Have to go to catch the bus and work. 
Have to go to cuz house, with a headach. How fun! 
Have to go to dentist today and I am afraid I'll be told I've got the start of one or two cavities 
Have to go to Donegal today..eugh..for one pointless night! 
Have to go to my church to get some community service hours for school. I slept in to 9:30, but I'm still tired. 
Have to go to school at 11:30am *yeahhh* but I have school till 15:30pm 
Have to go to school in 10 minutes 
Have to go to some robotics thing tomorrow at 7am.  Ughh... :-\
Have to go to the car shop, my poor mustang is messing up 
have to go to the doctor now - ughhh. Its annual check up time! lovely 
Have to go to the workhouse in less than 2 hours......not happy about that fact 
Have to go to work again  so tired today..
have to go to work but i want to stay at home 
have to go to work for five hours... should be fun 
have to go to work in an hour......really don't want to go 
have to go to work,totally not looking forward to it.....it is waaaaaaaay to hot and dont like 7 hour shifts on hot saturdays  like a boss
Have to go tweet silent today - lots of housework to do 
have to go, party time  see you soon Twitter! I MISS YOU ALL AND I LOVE YOU!! bye bye 
forgot laptop so had to in home and come back into work-hope this is not start me a bad day 
Forgot Monday= Inside Sport night, iPlayering it! I want Logan's job! Apparently 80-90% of todays rugby players will have arthritis by 45 
forgot my glasses at home today - not good - may as well left my phone at home... hope this doesnt spark a headache 
Forgot my goodnight moon. Gonna say it now. These pills make me sick. 
forgot my headphones 
forgot my laptop's power cord at the IGVC site 
Forgot my lunch. And my wallet... No cool subway special for me.  I declare today national starve-for-lunch day!
Forgot my Meds...it's tummy wrath 101 this weekend. 
forgot my moms bday and didnt call her for mothers day 
forgot my office keys - so much for an early start 
Forgot my phone at home today 
forgot my phone at work today!  
Forgot my phone this morning  on the upside, i found a pound coin on the floor at the station.
Forgot my phones at home... yes both of them 
forgot my Smartcard reader at the office. 
forgot my studentID in DD, as I'll take the train back there, I'll have to pay the full price - the price one has to pay for being scatty 
Forgot my sunglasses at home today. 
Forgot my tablet this morning, had to be omeprazole from Boots. 8 quid! For 14 tablets! And it takes 3 of them to sort me out 
forgot my umbrella ands its POURING right now.   
Forgot sunscreen.  normally i dont burn but 8 hour tennis clinics will do that to ya!
forgot that #folk music fans are humorless child haters. 
Forgot that i caught peaches pick. Yay! Neck hurts tho 
Forgot that today is Bloomsday. I can't even get thru Joyce's Portrait of an Artist As a Young Man...I'll never conquer ULYSSES 
forgot the cell phone halfway across the world  time to crash and rest up for work tomorrow
forgot the crackberry at home.  lost without it.  
forgot the LA Fitness #brighton is shut this week 
forgot the LA Fitness #brighton is shut this week  http://tinyurl.com/nqjwex
Forgot the liquor but then my dad is a pastor and its to preach tonight  but it would work hehe
Forgot the Tony's were on and missed most of the opening number   
forgot this one   really need a brain    Bananarama - Let Me Love You One More Time (1992) http://bit.ly/H7hRp
Forgot to bring her iPod to work. Woe. The day moves so much slower 
Forgot to bring iPhone charger. Bummer! 
have to have my laptop all cleaned and shit coz the viruses  dno how long its gonna take
have to learn - urghhhhhhh 
Have to learn for my german and bio test tomorrow 
have to learn spanish vokabulary and some english before the school began...  and I have to do my biology homework...
Have to leave and go back to Bournemouth today  not that there's anything wrong with Bournemouth...just no Danfox there
Have to leave for dance practice 
Have to leave school earily tomorrow for my last HPV injection   i will miss science and were puttong on a radio show lol its soo funny ,
Have to leave unconf to go meet w/ vendors   #sla2009
HAVE to LOVE accounting. 
Have to make it a habit to practice piano everyday. Or else I'll make lots of mistakes at the anniversary of my grandparents when I play 
Have to make this summer good.  I miss Jon!
Have to miss LRO/LCROSS launch today due to a meeting.  Will DVR...
Have to miss session 3 of #vidoemag   Will catch it on the replay. #videomag
Have to miss the area meeting tonight due to the work schedule  But still able to go hang out with people tonight, so I'm happy.
Have to miss The Shack study in the morning &amp; may even have to miss church. 
Have to move house today 
Have to move to a new room again and this one is close to the highway..which means i'll b gettin no sleep for the next 6 days 
have to open today  I forgot how
Have to pack up &amp; load up me &amp; the girls, ugh. Check out is 12:30, weigh in not til 3. What will we do? Girls want 2 swim, can't happen 
Have to pee SOOO bad just don't wanna get outta bed!!   Ughhh!
have to practise to our french test tomorrow  i haven't even look at it :S
Have to redo my whole itunes 
Have to repack and drive a terribly boring drive home  at least I'll see my girls today!!
Have to repack my suitcase for norway. I will do it on tuesday. I have my english essay to do first. 
have to reserve my iPhone  and wait 5 days.
Have to run! I'll be on later and hopefully can catch everyone I missed today. Working on web is a bear and so I miss a lot. 
Have to say I am a bit disappointed about Tori Amos newest album by the way 
Have to say it.  I do not like Final Draft.  Movie Magic is much easier to use.  Much.  If only it wanted to work with Vista. 
Have to see if they even carry BOTH though since it's an overseas film. Just like the Robin Hood seasons. 
Gym/swim combo went surprisingly well today. Feeling energised &amp; alive. Certainly don't fancy sitting indoors working, but I must 
Gymnastics is overrr 
gymnastics time.  My last night for teaching Friday evening classes.   New summer schedule starts next week.
h e a r t b r o k e n . my sidekick lx is brokeen    the trackball wont click or anything. okaay , its official . my life is ending . lol
H&amp;M x Jimmy Choo?! WAAAAAA~ How I wish we had a H&amp;M 
H.R. 1108 is going to be the death of me. They're banning cloves 
h0me writing 2 my l0ve trini.remmy.n danny i misz all my motherfcukersz btw i hate 33rd they w0nt let me see them ughhhhh i misz them 
H-1! TOMORROW IS NATIONAL EXAMINATION! BELAJAR BELAJAR BELAJAR SAMPE OTAK MELEDUG 
H1N1 came to China! Found in ChengDu, Sichuan province:http://www.airporters.net/ports/CTU.html 
H1N1 patient took the train from Serangoon to Kovan on the North-East line. MY line  I hope they thoroughly disinfected all the trains...
H1N1 scare and hence working from home. Missing Office. 
h8 the feral cat   hv tried paprika vinegar didn't work where's Butt &amp; Homer when I need help...?
ha anybody i need help wat should i put in my automatic skate i got half pipe and this thing call the X-files help 
ha ha ha   damn i had  such  good  time chillin wit  my  favorite hizzo  danced my face off @ the lodge never made it to backbooth  ..
ha ha lol movin house this weekend and my last week at priory sckool   i feel so sad
forgot to bring my headphones 
forgot to bring my ipod 
forgot to bring my lemon green tea, and now I want it 
Forgot to bring my new favorite brand of tea to work  - http://www.clipper-teas.com/
Forgot to bring out my hot magazine 
forgot to call my honey last night! :S was soo tired didn't even think! poor guy  I love you Shaun!
forgot to comb my beard after shampooing it...damn!!! bad hair days coming up!!! 
Forgot to disarm the alarm when i got back form lunch.. My ears hurt 
Forgot to eat food w/ my vitamins... now my tummy is angry with me 
forgot to eat! Now I don't have time 
forgot to feed the animals. I forgot to even give them water. they will hate meeeeeee 
Forgot to get cheese on my kickin chicken. just about ruined my day 
Forgot to leave any time for lunch in today's schedule again 
forgot to mention that the Shiny Toy Guns cover of Major Tom was free on Amazon a couple of days ago  It's back up to $0.99
Forgot to pay parking fees due today. I hope I can get out of parking, if not, I'll be stuck here till tom morning 
forgot to place a new order . . . the house is a coffee free zone 
Forgot to put in the fridge on the way out today its going to be a sober evening 
forgot to put milk in my coffee and burnt my tongue 
Forgot to put up the trash!  @ House of Baker http://loopt.us/gLGkDw.t
Forgot to record Nigel Harman's appearances on TV this morning 
forgot to register for the town wide yard sale... now it's to late... 
Forgot to say - went to Great North Museum opening with @alex_mcvey and loved it...except nobody puts T-rex in the corner 
Forgot to set my alarm and woke up after the sun...gona be late to work 
forgot to study for a huge science test today  shoot
forgot to take my hayfever meds this morning and am now starting to feel the consequences  man my eyes are so itchy, this sucks!
Forgot to take my mascara before gym and when I got out I realized I looked like a raccoon and no one said anything 
Forgot to take note of all my jailbroken apps &amp; settings before I updated to OS 3.0. I miss my custom msg sound 
Have to sleep now; have to get up at six, have to be at school at eight 
Have to start packing up my room today. Very sad 
have to stay up till 3am , cause im going on the paper route with my mom. im going to be sooo tired  .
Have to study  
Have to study  - Not happy at all.
have to Study  for economics and english final 
have to study for my maths a exam 
have to study maths 
have to studyy again(: u.u! hateee final exams! reallyy SOOO freaking much! 
Have to switch stream quality to low  WiFi is DSL at bubble lounge. 
Have to take Anacortes to the vet today 
Have to take care of something unpleasant today 
Have to take macbook in for service  The encasing broke. AGAIN. Guess I will have to work on windows for the remainder of the evening 
Have to take my dog Tally to the vet today around noon. The underside of her tongue is swollen with fluid to the size of a small egg 
Have to take my iPhone in for repair today..  The little silver button on the side just fell off the other day!!!    #fb
Have to turn my computer off - the light is making my head hurt 
Have to update my picture cos I look old and fat.  Oh I am old and fat  playing badminton is not working on weight 
Have to wait till Monday to find out what we are having   Today has been the let down kinda day.
have to wake up at 4 
Have to walk to school, and i have two welts on my thighs! 
Have to wash clothes and curtains today. 
have to watch..omg I forgot lady gaga was on rove. SHEEEZ...! Josh is gonna get me!   ummanywyOBSERVE AND RECORD seth rogen. Looks funny
Have to work 6 days straight. 
Have to work on Saturday  But it's with @411God and @votaband  I think I'll manage. #followfriday
have to work today 
Have to work tomorrow at 6:30 am - 3:00 pm.  I never have any family time now that I work every weekend 
Have to work tomorrow since my assistant manager broke her arm and is going in for surgery tomorrow #6dayworkweek 
Have to work tomorrow. 
Have to work.  #fail  Wishing I was with the Family in Battle Creek this weekend  #familytime #blamezatkoff
have to write an essay  ...what would dougie do? 
Have to write exam 2moro. 
have to write my internship report..there are so many better things i could do 
Have to, need to study more. 
have trouble like me to play the GeekBrief podCast (mac iTunes &gt; Connect360) on xbox360? It's freezing and skipping sound is not in sync 
Have turned into a grown up  (Not before time you might think given my great age). Looked at weather - and went to find things to wash!!
forgot to take photos today. I'm going to have to improvise 
forgot to tip the pizza delivery boy because he was too hot for his own good. called back to try to tip him. I hope he got it. 
Forgot to turn on the espresso machine this morning....sigh....guess breakfast is going to have to wait. Not happy, am I. 
forgot to twitter today. damn i'm bad at this 
Forgot to watch the Jon and Kate special! 
forgot what sunshine felty like. I am beet red literally. Bad sunburn. Not fun 
Formatting a 1TB backup disk... this is going to take all day 
Former President, Bill Clinton is FAMU's Commencement graduation speaker! SPECTACULAR! Too bad I'll be in Maryland 
formsem today was postponed. nothing to do at home. 
Formula 1 was fantastic this morning, I really enjoyed it. I'm so happy to see Redbull taking P1 and P2. I was sat to see Sutil wall it. 
Formula 1 will be different next year, now that the 8 FOTA teams start their own championship. Sport and politics 
Forrest gump=sad. Me=crying 
Forum is down   Can we go back to the Portsmouth servers?
Forum: #thepit David Carradine Commits Suicide http://tinyurl.com/ol9fx7 (via @TheActivityPit)   
forums for making me this neat guide to follow and run and fix, although, this takes a lot out of my luna time 
Fotki died again 
Fotoshoots make me hungry  but food is on the way! yummmm..
foul called on kobe  46-45 lakers
foul, overpowering, stench in the office. 
Have turned into vampire that seeks beef. That or an anemic who really should get herself a doctor and an appointment. 
have two cookouts to go to tonight..but tunderstorms are in the forecast 
have u ever felt hungry but too lazy to fix anything??? It sucks!!! 
Have u ever jus wanted 1 moment 2 last forever? now uk how i feel. 
have u ever left house and then realized u shld have worn a bra, do it all the time 
have u ever liked a song soo much...but the video kills the song 4 u?; yea, just happend 2 me 
Have u ever needed to take a shit while ur out in public  its a bad feeling lol
Have u ever seen the results of some1 eating a whole ball of wasabi at once? I can now say that I have &amp; it wasn't pretty. Poor guy 
Have u ever seen the things doctors do to our pets?? I mean, it's scary sometimes looking at thermometres poking to my cat's ass 
have u people ever fallen in love wiv the wrong person? 
Have U Seen The Weather?? o_O Its Very Very WET!!! Stupid Irish Weather...Wheres The Sun Gone?? 
have woken up with a sore head &amp; tales of last night...mix of embarrassment and laughing! Lost my camera though  
Have woken up with the biggest headache ever 
have work in 1 hour 
Have work to do, but don't want to do it! 
have wrote just one blog post this month... what happened to me? 
Have you all heard that Ft Campbell, KY is the leading Army post in suicides this year? Supposedly it's all over CNN.  So sad!!
have you ever been so hungry that you feel sick? 
Have you ever been so sleepy that you couldnt fall asleep?????? Well thats me tonight.     
Have you ever been told that you suck at something,that you love doing. It just happened to me 
Have you ever cried in an action movie? haha that happened to me today watching &quot;Terminator - The Salvation&quot;, poor Marcus Wright 
Have you ever farted yourself awake? Not fun to be scared awake by a loud noise then the smell hits 
have you ever had a feeling that words cant express? And then it's difficult to tell how you feel. 
Have you ever had so much work yet felt so bored...I am there now 
Found 10 bobbleheads in fallout 3 need 10 more  for the achievment
Found a &quot;bigg momma's&quot; edible in my closet!!!  im afraid if i eat it i might stop being productive tho 
found a @CameronPhillips, but her last update was in Feb  maybe she is in other time.
found a bottle of bacchus in my fridge and drank it. do these things expire? i need to stay up late to do my homework!   
Found a bug 
Found a bug in iPhone 3.0. The white space under &quot;other&quot; is incomplete. :S please fix it apple. It's annoying  http://twitpic.com/7nr0o
found a cute boy! Why isn't he talking to me 
Found a dead kitteh on my step this morning. It was all black. I felt bad for it. 
found a dead mouse in her apartment balcony this morning and it took almost 1 hour for the housekeeping to come 
found a dog wandering around...brought him home to call the owners...i rly should have thought it through...now he won't leave me alone.. 
Found a gorgeous dress I'd actually wear again BUT its on the higher end of the price range...so the other girls prob won't agree 2 it.  
Found a hotel and reserved a room in Tokyo. Getting closer and closer... but still very very far away. 
found a huge spider on my milk carton yesterday and I'm still afraid of opening the fridge  this is so embarrassing &gt;.&lt;&quot;
Found a knot in the side of my stomach and its super soar 
found a letter my grandma wrote my 10 years ago for my birthday  on my birthday itll be 2 years since shes been in heaven. RIP
Found a little dog, looks like a tiny dobermanpincher, the chihuahua is bigger than it is. He wont drink water. wonder where he came from 
Have you ever hated yourself for staring @ the phone your whole life waitin for the ring 2prove your not alone ...   
Have you ever tried showing someone that your great, and yet some how you come off looking like the crazy person you arent? yeah! woops.. 
have you guys heard about the new iphone? not fair!! I still can't send pix from mine 
Have you guys heard of the Air France flight that's missing with over 200 passangers? So sad. My paryers go to them their families. 
Have you heard about David Carradine's death?  So sad 
Have you seen the lovely weather.... and i have to work 
Have yu ever missed someone so much it hurts to think about them? 
Haveing trouble with twitter web interface - wont let me tweet 
Haven been skating much...just can't find the time and place 
havening a sleepover with megan but she fell asleep on me 
Haven't &quot;tweeted&quot; much.  Kinda had a crazy drama-filled day.  Did some shopping in Minneapolis too, always crazy traffic   How's everyone?
haven't accomplished a lot today or even getting through my to-do list 
Haven't been able to be on twitter as much as I would like.  The wifi guy keeps screwing up my access, and I don't get time for the comp 
Haven't been able to get unsleepy all day  gonna hook up some Dr Pimpin Ho's and call it an early nite ... Maybe
Haven't been able to run because I hurt my knee  Feeling fat now
Haven't been able to sport a pink eyeshadow look in some time now.. Stupid red hayfever eyes 
haven't been eating well recently it sucks! 
Haven't been feeling well for almost a week now. Hope it's not swine flu! Haha! Really busy with studio - probably be here all night 
Haven't been here n a while. Had a bad night, but I made it to work on time. I need some me time 
haven't been in this much pain in a longggg time. just shoot me now. i'm getting in the bed! 
Ha Ha, I think without realising i've been tweeting to facebook,the orld will end 
Ha i got in the rock band but it sucks cause not what i tried out 4 
Ha im having Withdrawl symptoms from having no laptop and internet 
ha le tonsille grosse come 2 meloni 
ha lol &quot;Thug Story&quot; well VBS ended today  but oh well!
Ha you can't go wednesday though 
ha! i called @PerezHilton's reaction to Eminem at the #mtvmovieawards, but it was verbal 
ha! I just got told I'm not a &quot;pink girl&quot;..I asked wtf that meant, he told me I can't wear pink because I'm a man-eater.  aww geez  
Ha! I've been consumed by mgmt duties and haven't finished the &quot;reading&quot; draft of script yet.  sorry.
Ha, a full day of gay ass connection hmmmmm. &amp; i hav 2 routers so its odd tht they both werent wrkin smh, sum1 has it out 4 me 
ha, the sun is shinin, shit! Got to do the garden  L:Oswestry, England, United Kingdom:
Ha, Tom says Ari was walking into school with arms out straight, &quot;can't move I've sun cream on&quot;  wish I'd fecking out some on yesterday 
ha,,havent seen star trek yet 
Haaa a lake would be nice....but...unfortunatly...we live in El Paso 
haaaa flight 1 hours late come techiincial issue 
Haaay I've finally found an ambulance to pick up the dog. I hope its not too late 
haven't been on all day  went to bed late last night!
havent been on here for a while......my nan diedd yesterday  just thought id let everyone know....ill be back soon x
Haven't been on here for like forever....finally 16!!! Almost a year since we left for Samoa..how fast time flies 
Havent been on in a while 
havent been on this for a long time! im bored heather not on 
havent been on twitter for ages.. really bored and sick with swine flu 
Haven't been on Twitter in 36 hours and something like this happens  -man, I'll never leave Twitter that long again! (I hope) XXXXXXXXX 
haven't been on twitter in a min. Been busy with things 
Haven't been this down down for a while. 
Haven't been tweeting like I used to  uni work is startin to pile up
havent been tweeting today  worked 9am to 11:30pm.... yeah oh what a wonderful world!
Havent been twittering for the past few days..Busy with school. After just one week of it, i suddenly wished it was vacay again 
Haven't been twitting for a while been really busy wit work....gotta make that money, too bad Maria hates me 
Haven't ben able to find a good template for a database driven photogrphic web site ...so I am writing myself one ...not straightforward 
havent bought a comic and book in a while pretty depressing 
Havent checked this out since I signed up  Judyann and Nikki reminded me lol
haven't cried this hard, in a long long time. i don't even know why this is making me as upset. 
haven't done a full reading in years. still terrifies mehow accurate it is. didn't tell me anything I didn't already know though 
Haven't done any coding in ages. Can't find the energy for it either. 
Haven't done any revision today, been playing sims 3 all day. This is baad 
haven't done it in a couple of years!! 
havent done skipping routine in 4 days now. I want to start again but i'm sooooo lazy.  i dont want to get fat againnnn -whinewhinewhine-
havent done this in a while.....me n the kid r officially done  not tlkin 2 or bein with the kid feels kinda strange now...... 
Found a Liverpool Fan at work....just wish the game was airing on TV sunday 
Found a nice lake-side park with a small beach, but . . . no grills   Oh well . . . I'll have to keep looking - another time.
found a nice place for rent in my price range, but it doesn't have a pool. trying to decide if i could do without. i really don't want to 
found a piece of a snap ring changing oil in my friends hot rod... over 4k $  in the eng... super lame 
Found a rabbit nest last night after dogs killed their mother. Two bunnies in the nest, one ran away but other has broken leg or back. 
Found a StartGate under my desk, current trying to stop Anubis dry humping my leg 
Found a stray kitten, wish we could keep it  http://img526.imageshack.us/img526/3325/photo446.jpg
Found a stray kitty at the dumster  it was so cute with these gorgeous blue eyes. Gave her away to a lovely couple so now she has a home.
Found a tea company in Sweden with lots of flavors and they ship to Finland. Problem: They don't answer emails, making it a useless site. 
found a timber floor we both love, then ask where it comes from - Brazilian rainforest 
found a tiny kitten while walking tonight. Can't keep it - Molly freaked out.  Sooooo cute, though! Hoping to pawn it off on Gil. 
found a website i just adore...but wish I could read French 
Found aloe, so itchy. 
Found an apartment, loved it. Then called the guy who told me he is also showing it tomorrow. Well I guess I'm back 2 hunting again 
Found an article about my uncle's shooting here http://twurl.nl/qz8gvn Sounds so scary 
Haven't eaten all day! And I have a headache  But I'm about to eat Subway woohoo!
haven't even thought about the roundtables at #ibdg tomorrow - popup books aren't gonna happen, sorry @kikipigeon and @jakeisonline 
Haven't exercised for two days 
Haven't felt this bad in a long time... 
haven't felt this way in a while... p.s. i miss the guitar club members right about now. 
Haven't felt well since Saturday morning and it isn't making studying any easier. Pity you can't blame failing maths on a stomach bug 
Haven't finished my homework yet!  shame! :'( and I'm sleepy!
haven't given my mum her present yet, my sister fell asleep. i think my mum reckons we didn't get her anything. i feel bad 
haven't gone to the gym for a month now  what a waste of membership
Haven't got a chance 2 tweet all that much!! 
haven't got out of my jammies all day. time to change, jammies. not clothes that'd be stupid. i'd have to change in like 4 hours anyways 
haven't gotten twitter updates to my phone all day. boohoo 
haven't had @ replies for a while  love them
Haven't had my phone in a long time. Haven't tweeted.  shits been whack as fuck. I miss all my friends!
haven't heard anything about the job yet; despairing 
Haven't heard from him all day  now it's time for bed. I have checked my messages for the last time. Goodnight all. Have fun in HK love.
Havent heard from you lately 
Havent heard it yet 
Haven't played TF2 in a while.  
Haven't put on mascara or eyeliner in four days...there's no point 
Haven't read a novel since long...... 
Haven't received my new PC yet  Hopefully tomorrow...
haven't see my bf for 5 days. 
Haven't seen a single Disney character all day. 
haven't seen anyone all w'end (no the nice man on the till in m&amp;s foods doesn't count!) &amp; starting to feel somewhat lonely now 
Found carpet beetles at home  Time for Operation: Clean. Yuk!
found closed road w @gomeler. did some Fiesta 0-60 runs. 11 seconds.  need to dyno, look @ power curve, move .. http://tinyurl.com/ljy2d2
found closed road w @gomeler. did some Fiesta 0-60 runs. 11 seconds.  need to dyno, look @ power curve, move shift points #FiestaMovement
FOUND EM!!! on a day I have to work, the sun is finally shining 
Found her cat in the middle of the road  
Found his name and picture. Adam O, I'm never waiting on you again. You ruined my night 
Found I will not get a raise this year! No one will!  I'll get promoted though, watch!
Found it!!!!! Phew don't know wot i'll do if i lost my ipod  proberly cry........
found it. *happy dance* I would post it but I want to show you pictures too and I have to get them from my friend 
Found Lily, the jailbreaking hamster, earlier this evening. That was a relief! She is grounded. 
Found lot's of fellow Oztionites. This could get addictive 
Found lots of great site for philosophy, yet i'm so confused now 
Found more copy and pasted code  need to re-re-re-educate people....
found my assignment paper.. now its time to get to these papers! 
Found my Burt's. It was in the car. 
Found my fake glasses, they're broken 
Haates Thorim 
Haavent read the paper yet about the magic loss nor did i get to watch the game last night.... But i do know that we lost 
Hace calor....  It's hot...  
hack, cough, sneeze, wheeze, i am very allergic to a lot of things around here  
hacked my P1i to install new theme and icons ... some of em work some don't 
had  a great afternoon with the family and ALL the dogs... don't wanna go to work now  
had 1st training after holydays &amp; i can only say: i saw a pic of my game on a milk cartoon-damn that was ridiculous ... 
Had 2 birthday partys on the farm today. Both had loads of fun! Easter bunny last day tomorrow!! 
had 2 leave da A  but on a good note my sis is graduating frm high school 2day so u kno i gots 2 be there
had 2 make sure @tonyboy702 n mukediggler made it home safe. they cool....my dog swervin all faded, not cool lol but 
had 2wake up 2take the rental car back, go 2the library, &amp;put gas n my car all cuz I gotta go back 2work 2nite  I need a nite off 2relax
had 3 hours sleep  ...hate the consequences of alcohol!
Had 5 calls from ppl who promised to help out tonite cancelling, so pissed off, more hard work for me 
Had a &quot;little&quot; surprise when I got home from work. Rooby had an upset tum tum &amp; couldn't hold it until I got home. Fun!! Poor Rooby 
had a 2-hr lunch with twinnie!  glad to see her again! feel like i still have lots to talk about but time ran out on me  ...as always 
had a awesome holiday! and wished she didnt hav 2 cum bck!  xxxx
had a awesome weekend with alisha, but shes left me now 
had a bad day 
Had a bad day  staying home tonight...
had a bad day but a better night. Looking for someone to take the pain away... 
had a bad day today 
had a bad day, shouldnt have gone home 
had a bad day.  working at 5am. goodnight.
had a bad day. plus got home and pete is damaged and acting a bit poorly 
had a bad day...hubby too bz to spend time with me...i hate not being able to be with him every moment of my existence 
had a bad day--too many blunders for one day  !!
had a bad dream last night... why cant i get you out of my head? 
Had a bad nite &amp; woke up with a headache AND a tooth ache  have a feeln its gonna be a bad day  _XOXO! 
had a baddd hang-over. 
had a badminton game wid my tito, cuzin and bro.. so tiring! my hands were like ouch! 
had a banging night last night, 8 hours drinking is deffo not good for the head.  
had a bath 10 mins ago, and im already BOILINGGGG!    x
had a beauty sleep day  ugh tomorrows monday, so not ready 
had a bird in her house and she has a huge phobia of birds! 
had a bit of a scare this morning when two labs chased after me! i didn't know it was all in fun, so ended up getting lost for a while 
had a bit of a weird night....I really hate mean drunks 
had a blast at DJ's night. i really dont want to be at work 
Had a blast at MHC!  Is sad coming home though and already miss my friends 
Had a blast in Prague, back to classes in 7 hours. 
Had a blast last night....but now I am really tired, and I have a headache...   Need to move out of this craziness!
Had a BLAST this weekend...now back to our regularly scheduled program..  
had a blast w my ph bitches.  love those girls!  @ Bingo serving these bingo fiends w/out BFF 
Had a boring day, and witnessed a thrush being murdered! 
had a brilliant weekend!! but is sad to be back at college, doing wok   *bad times*
Had a bunch of hacks for partners yesterday 
Had a busy day 2day but very fun!! Still can't post pics sooo!!!  lol Good night Tweet Hearts! :*
Had a busy, but productive day at work today... Working tomorrow too!  I will miss being at church with my fam &amp; friends tomorrow!
had a campfire with the family and ended up singing &quot;How Great Is Our God&quot; with my sister... makes me miss camp and leading worship 
Haven't seen my dad since last friday. miss him so much. 
Haven't slept in days...Clearly I'm suffering from another one of my insomnia cyles..ugh 
Haven't slept in over 24 hrs and can't to to sleep at all. Have a wedding to go to 
Haven't slept n a while....  must have sleep sooooooon
havent slept one bit. sore throat. achy. cough. fever. 
Haven't slept the past 24 hours! am SO exhausted 
Haven't slept yet.  I'm so tired! At lunch with @reifel69 and my dad.
Haven't slept.  throwing chocolate whoppers at andrew's head from upstairs. Suprisingly very entertaining
haven't started my maths revision yet... sigh... yesterday's good news becomes bad news...  sighsighsigh..............
haven't talk with aaliyah love in a few  miss her some. wife says to thank her for the mags she sent us ;)
Haven't touched my website for a week  http://www.niquehappy.com/blog
havent tweeted for a while other than for frankie...so...im in lacey... not feeling good  everyone have a good whatever day it is !5 days!
Haven't tweeted for a while. Am enjoying the sunny weather although it's soon to be gone, just in time for my cousins wedding on Saturday 
Haven't tweeted in 2 days. For shame.  one of my best friends might be coming over tomorrow! Yay! :-D
havent tweeted in a while, stressful day once again, noone is one my side 
haven't tweeted in a while... but everything is swell ... Adrian just got back from the Spurs game... the Mavericks won    Goodnight moon.
Haven't tweeted in awhile  just been snow under with revsion, which hasn't been really working! (N)
Haven't tweeted in like 10 days and still pulling in followers. Too bad they're spam 
havent tweeted much today  sad time, but feel the ol' heavy eyelids so goodnight to twitter for now me thinks xxx
haven't tweeted today, and i needed something to do with my hands. while writing this my cup blew over and is now dirty 
Havent twitterd in a day  Seeing the movie up!
Havent twittered for awhile.  Just got super busy. Crazy weather, its hot then it gets cold, it rains and then its sunny.
havent twittered in a while! been on holiday with parents, missing them already 
havent twittered in a while.. hmmmm lets see im sleepy lol and my eye hurts 
haven't updated this in forever. exam tomorrow  followed by kerry ellis. noiiiice 'won
Haven't used twitter in awhile. BGT!! DRAWING!! SUMMER!! FINALS 
Havent watched E! News in a while.. maybe I can catch the 10 o clock show. (Look at Clock) opps. shit. too late 
haven't watched gossip girl in ageeees ! and need one tree hill season 3 . god i'm so slow 
Haven't worked in 4 days. Feels very useless. Sit around the house and doing nothing is &quot;fun&quot; 
Haven't worked out since last week and haven't really been eating healthy  http://myloc.me/2I4k
Havin 2 stand on da train! Suppose its keepin me awake but my legs r killin now 
HaviN a BaD mOrnINg....stILl lOokIn 4 mY doG 
havin a beer....husband stopped my creative flow! I am making an amythest bracelet, earrings and necklace and he didn't like the pearls 
Havin' a minor headache Yowch.... 
havin a rough mornin. . Please drink energy drinks responsibly. . I couldnt sleep for the life of me. . Uugg  gotta get through this day.
havin' a terrible headache before the flight home 
havin another one of those nights where i cant sleep cause im thinkin about sumone too much  *sigh* ... Im so sad right now.
Havin fun away...beach breeze feels nice. im okay even tho Denver is losing at the momment. Boooo!!     BUT yeaaah to the lovely nite &amp; my
Havin lunch wi my chica's then off 2 get ready 4 2nt! Shoppin has tired me out   X
Havin probs with #sims3. I had a wedding party, but missed the wedding? HOW can I miss it? They were both there 
havin those breathin problems again....think its time for a doctor this time 
Havin Twitted in hours had 2 much on my mind been thinkin so much I makin myself sick 
Having &quot;Haldi ka Doodh&quot; (Turmeric Powder mixed in Milk)... Pathetic.... I hate it... Can't help it.. have loads of cough... 
Having @jfue and @jaykaos withdrawals. Lol.  Hope you're having a great time in Italy, Jill!
having a bad cough,again and again.. 
Having a bad day already....  
Having a bad day and  I've lost my lip balm! Today sucks 
Having a bad day/week 
Having a bad end to a bad week ... Never going to be a great coder at this rate  #nevergonnamounttanuthin http://bit.ly/hAKn2
Having a bad face day... 
having a bad hair day 
Having a bad hair day. Blah! 
Having a bagel in BK with the ATWT crew  I have to poop  http://myloc.me/2s9i
Having a BDay lunch with my family (@jennmars, @megancatherine, the Fellas, my sis, Gama) missing Lauren  http://yfrog.com/7gq7mqj
Having a beer and cooking hotdogs. Erin and I failed to find our bistro table 
having a beer and pizza evening as a goodbye for my fave housemate and party boy who leaves for Rome tomorrow!! 
Having a beer at rfd. I do not recommend the flying dog snake dog ipa 
Having a Bilbo Baggins day, forgot my handkerchief 
Having a bit of a down time  Song writing time.
Having a bit of a Writer's Bump already. Sad face. 
Having a blast closing box... By myself 
Having a break without the kitkat 
having a broken heart sucks 
Having a bummer moring 
Having a busy day today, in So Cal.....no time to enjoy the sunshine! 
Having a case of the Mondays ..on a wednesday ????  
had a cold.. I can't breathe.. gotta headache, nose is 'tuffy, sore throat, I ust wanna lay down and sleep forever!!... 
had a crap day at work, i hateeeee working sundays 
had a crappy day 
Had a crappy night's sleep, a lot of weird nightmares, then woke up n a bad mood  just one of those days!!
had a crazy busy day away from home. just the start of summer... and I hate the heat already  wish we had AC
Had a crazy dream about my little brother woke up cryin  ughhh going back to sleep!
had a crunk partaaaayat my placee! ..im so drunk  lol
had a decent day at work finally!  B2B final table bubbles though 
Had a delicious roast beef for dinner, with Yorkshire puddings and all the trimmings. Sadly the wine made me a little sick afterward. 
had a difficult time deciding what to wear this morning and ended up making a bad choice. I look ridiculous 
had a disappointing evening 
had a dream about you last night.  just when im getting over it my mind reminds me. woo. fml &gt;
had a dream last night I got 5 runners in my stockings before a job interview...the reality of needing a new job is starting to haunt me 
had a dream last night that barak obama was assassinated. it was scary and sad 
Had a dream that I was in the movie New Moon. I'm so upset I woke up 
Had a dream that I worked for @MarthaStewart last night...she DID NOT like me. 
Had a dream that would have been wonderful a few day ago. But now is depressing. Why the dreams all of a sudden? Life sucks. 
Found my NDS back  only bad thing that 2 thing are on the same day 
found my old cell playn old Crave ringtones  *GURL LET ME GO DWN WAY DWN N SERVE U* LOL IM JAMMING
found my phone but lost my mum!  why arent you picking up??
found my Sana...and has realized, that just like a white girl, I eat my problems 
found none 
Found NOTHING at Nike Factory :/ Off to Banana Republic Outlet! http://myloc.me/2zic
Found one of my poor chickens dead this morning 
found only one friend one twitter.  gotta catch them all.
Found out 2 night that the chick that I though was tops @ #networkgathering is taken... Dam 
found out at an executive meeting yesterday that layoffs will be announced on Monday.....the suspense is killing me already 
Found out how much my speeding ticket costs. 
Found out I have a friend with severe PTSD.  
Found out i have to go into hospital 
Found out I have to go to the US again in August. Getting tired of transatlantic flights. Not good for my carbon footprint either 
Found out last night Dad has to have a triple bypass...heart disease is heriditary...mom has diabetes...I got all the good genes! 
found out my dads bin with 3 other woman! aswell as trying to get back with my mum!! 
found out something 
Found out that a large $1,479.00 donation was by QuickPwn.com.  Refunded saying that he can best help us by returning the domain.
Found out that a tornado touched down a street over from me yesterday... Power was out for like 3 hours! 
found out that i fractured my wrist last wednesday. in plaster and unsure if i can ride bmx nationals 
found out that my best friend since childhood is moving  ..... TO WYOMING, that makes it worse. what the hell is in WYOMING????
Having a CBA day today 
Having a church finance meeting.  ughh!!  
having a cig and a diet coke before i'm off to the grindstone 
Having a cold in June that is unheard of!! With lots of imagination it feels like summertime... Reality sucks  http://ff.im/3sqbG
having a completely and utterly blue monday 
Having a Coopers Extra Strong Vintage Ale. Later is their Best Extra Stout as I usually prefer the darker Stouts &amp; Porters. Small bottles 
having a crappy day today  hopefully sushi lunch will cheer me up!
Having a cuddle, watching the Swamp Diamonds episode of MST3K. Sooo glad Im off work for the next 2 days. Missing Pandy muchly 
Having a cup of tea after a wel deserved break from biology. 
Having a day of sick leave. 
Having a day off due to Jesus (or was it the holy spirit) something like that, hurrah for national holidays. Spending it all cleaning  Boo
having a day on the couch! hungover, 
Having a flat tire in your girlfriends car on 680 is not a great way to start your day 
Having a fling with Benadryl this weekend. It's almost over, and I think I'm catching feelings.  Going to sleep. Good night Twitterville.
having a funked up night  sad face
having a glas of wine and feeling a little bit lonely! 
Having a good day . Enjoying the sunshine and kids :Been nursing a sore knee for three weeks now  I have to get exercising
had a fantastic weekend ? Monday hasn't started off so good though  ... looking forward to Mixfest for Aaron's birthday tomorrow
had a fight with my man &quot;to be!&quot; 
Had a fight with someone yesterday, and he's still not answering my calls  Have sent out a white flag SMS.
Had a fly dive bomb my soup at lunchtime. I was really enjoying it too  Aaah the perils of eating outside.
had a football tournament yday came 3rd  not bad burr i had to be in goals for 4 games!! a girl tried to snap me and i twisted my knee ...
had a fun day so far.  hella soar from dance tho... its evaluation time 
found out that my bestest buddy is leaving me to go yo ohio 
Found out that my car is sick. Booooo. 
Found out that my parents dog is very ill, just hope he pulls through....Sad times 
found out that you can't make a u-turn within Franklin city limits 
Found out this morning that because I'm in NC, I can no longer be an Amazon Associate. 
found out today that my Granny's husband died this morning 
Found pics  now missing ATL &amp; wild bills   http://twitpic.com/6ij75
found really cheap last minute tickets to new york for $108 round trip! Didn't buy them and now I'm regretting it.. 
found self driving to work this morning wishing for rain to wash the dust off of the poor poor car, 4 wks no wash 
found six great vegan places to eat and relax at; four of which I can't get to without a car 
Found some ADORABLE pics of Rihanna &amp; Chris Brown. I miss them as a couple. 
found some very nice ones, but i discovered how extensive amazon's jewelery section is..i can't even afford the earrings that i want 
Found the absolute perfect apartment in the perfect location, but upon enquiry discovered it was just SOLD! Nooooooo! Typical 
Found the actual piggy banks in a toybox - contents empty other than some euros n pecos from my travels  all toothfairy $$$ gone - sad boy
Found the best fairy island residential land for rent earlier this week. Thought I LM'd it but didn't!!  Any others out there? #secondlife
Found THE best picture of Joel but lost it 
Found the CUTEST BB 8900 theme on @girlythemes but I can't seem to get myself to pay 7 dollars for it  It's so so so cute though... AHHH
found the firebird of my dreams... if only i had $7,000 to spare 
Having a good time at camp. Havent talked to Ricky at all  missing my amazing friends
Having a good weekend so far...I'm here in Tracy and it's just a mere 100  degrees  sweating in places you shouldn't be sweating!!!
having a great day  , though my left arm hurts!!! 
Having a great grand time 
having a great morning so far- woke up with a sore neck, burnt my breakfast, broke one of mums fav photo frames and cut my leg shaving 
Having a great night at the store, though i had to turn down free tix for the harold ramis event 
Having a GREAT time cleaning the house  
Having a great time out in oklahoma but missing everyone back home 
having a great time with my boyfriend.. but deep inside im sad 
having a grey´s anatomy marathon...man it sucks that no good shows are during the summertime 
Having a hard time citing when people are in pain they don't want to do stuff 
Having a hard time getting out of bed. There is much to do today but OMG, so comfy ... 
Having a hard time getting outta bed 
having a hard time remembering the map of england 
having a hard time starting on her debate speech! 
Had a fun day today... But why am i so sad right now? 
Had a fun day with friends..helped @ a reception for SAI, which went well. Then went about town with Aubrey. Still feeling not so good.. 
had a fun day with highschool buddies.  But came home to find one goldfish had died.    and I don't know what it died of!
Had a fun day yesterday but last night sucked got sick eww   &lt;3 &amp; peace
had a fun day. thinks his friends are awesome! work tomorrow 10-2 
Had a fun night, good practice, really tired, ngetting sick &amp; praying I don't work tonight  http://myloc.me/4KB0
Had a fun time at graduations last night. Out at church today for more work. Last weekend at southland 
had a god weekend but feeling ill now. 
had a good 11 hour sleep last night in my uniform... so dirty wahh! FUCK TOK presentation tmr. i need more sleep 
Had a good 9 hrs of sleep, albeit too early, 9:30pm to 6;30am 
Had a good afternoon nap, woke up with a banging headache tho 
found the irons and wedge sets I really want.. Too bad I can't afford them 
Found three baby birds dumped in the same place in the yard. Moved them to a safer place. Two of them did not make it through the night 
foundation went ok, I think..... Bring on LTA6 I guess 
Fountain bleu clubs flooded out... No pool parties for a while. 
Four days in, and we're already fighting to reclaim the English language from Rails. 
Four for ten off six overs. Really fancy a glass of wine but on tablets 
four full hockey games today... although CBC only has the Habs v. Bruins... so no chat until 4pm pacific 
Four hour nap -__- looks like in not sleeping tonight 
Four hour ride home back to tennessee  10am work out in the morning.
Four more days without my girls.  oh well better 4 then 5
Four weeks till it almost over  how depressing
Four Year Strong are rocking my world on this sunny day when i am stuck inside with nothing to do 
Four years after I started following the four eyed monsters video podcast, I finished watching the last episode. Now their site is down 
fourloko at the airportt. i dont want my east coast babies to leave at all 
Fourth day of holidays, im sooo bored!!! 
Fox and the hound is such a sad movie 
fox hills 2 morrow. leaving at 8 am. wont b back til friday. no more twitter 4 me 
foxtel hates me! why won't they show andy roddick's match? GAH 
Having a headache 
having a headache  sobs. wheres the panadol when i need it?  oh. its in the kitchen.
Having a headache right now 
Having a heck of a time downloading a profile pic... oh well for now 
having a hectic TGIT today 
Having a hell of a day 
Having a hell of a time finding a new place to live. 
having a horrific summer............so far 
Having A Lazt Day Today  Really Board Help!!!!!!!!!!
Having a lazy few days! I've been eaten alive by mozzies 
Having a little something to eat.  Have to fast until after my 1:00pm doctor appt.  
having a lot of &quot;aww&quot; moments with my best guy friend, and trying my best to keep from falling for him.. 
Having A lush 8-Day Weekend!! Lol I Miss Ella 
having a massage of my head, its paining like hell 
Having a mega lay in. Love my bed all i need now is the remote control. But its on the other side of the room 
Having a meltdown 
Having a miserable day today. Nothing works as it should 
having a neighbourhood dispute 
having a nice cold cider before doing some ironing 
having a nightmare last night 
Having a nightmare roommate means i don't get to sleep...  so tired. 
Having a nightmare with Google Calender sync to windows mobile devices 
Having a poo day 
Having a pretty quiet night at the moment 
Having a rainy day 
having a real bad conscience! 
Having a really bad headache... Gotta lay down for a bit 
Having a really crappy day today  Need cheering up
Having a really hard time focusing today 
Having a really shitty day 
having a really terrible lazy mood. havent done until the last page of the modul yet. and oh GREAT! its RAINING! 
Having a red bull cola, yum. No nap  girls night out!! Kelley James!!! However I am the DD
having a respitory infection really does suck, especially when yr up in 6 hours to go to the sorting office then yr first day of work  boo
having a rough day 
having a rough night..... ugh 
Having a rubbish day, want the Irish bloke to leave me alone, manager off ill so cant palm him off to her 
Having a salad for lunch and having the mick taken out of me 
Having a seriously hard time finding out how to e-mail Raleigh's mayor and city council. 
Having a shitty day, now I have to go take Mom out for lunch. Yay! Happy Mother's Day everyone... 
having a shitty day. Working tomorrow. 
having a shower b4 going 2 c star trek, 'live long and prosper', coz if u don't, u won't b able 2 afford the ticket prices at the cinema 
Having a sick holiday weekend!  At least that means I get to watch S3 Girls Next Door and eat chicken noodle soup 
Having a slow costume news day. 
having a slow day. Still slow and weak... 
having a smoke    but hes pretty, although he looked stoned, hahaha
Having a snack and then I should study some more. How boring. 
having a song stuck in my head that isnt recorded yet is REALLY annoying cause i cant listen to it  @shawnisthenewgo fix that please! lol
having a sprained ankle. one of those days i wish i had a laptop and didnt have to go to library for internet usage!!! 
Having a stomach cramp. 
Having a talk with some youth tonight going to share a story about how one on my lies as a younger teen led to a dr visit and an enema. 
Having a terrible day... 
Having a terrible night! I hate today already! Maybe I'll just stay n bed all tomorrow! 
having a terrible time with my assignment 
Having a total melt down cuz I can't have tea or dark soda cuz stomach already upset 
Having a tough time finding stats on total # of freelance writers. Have some vague US stats, but that's it so far. 
Having a very bad day! 
having a very bad day.... no keys for office, no laptop, awaiting return of blackberry so struggling along  with limited technology 
Having a very bad hair day. Lucky I'm only working at home .... 
Having a very horrible morning, feeling very crap 
having a very quick twitter-break, in 10 minutes it's back to the books 
Having accidentally set the volume on my alarm clock to a whisper is not conducive to waking up on time.  No morning cardio for me today  
Having acold.... not feeling really well.  at home
Having all the kids smiling telling me &quot;Happy Father's Day - I love you!&quot; reminds me of how crappy of a dad I am at times  
Having an absolute mare trying to sleep 
having an allergic reaction to whey protein while practicing mcat questions = not fun 
had a good bbq today, now in for a boring saturday night 
had a good day at the beach.  But it's now 4:30 Sunday afternoon and I have training tomorrow 
Had a good day at the zoo.... But lost a koala 
had a good day at work for once...except for the creepy old man ... 
had a good day but im now skint again 
Had a good day till he twisted his ankle on his two mile run 
Had a good day with the fam, nice walk with my baby bash, (sebastian) but i misd Dest 
Had a good day, now its off to work. 
Had a good day, time to hit the sack and wake up at 7:45 am! YUCK! 
had a good day, uni  open day was nice, beach this evening was also fun, sand everywhere  nooo
Had a good dinner &amp; enjoyable time out tonight. Piling up on the soul food; it's gonna be another trying week of examinations 
had a good dinner with friends and got a bit distracted from the worries until the bill came...i hate being broke 
Had a good first day at work.  Not looking forward to the storm thats supposedly headed my way. 
Had a good full of laughter saturday night w/ the girlfriends, we couldnt sleep until 4 just like the usuals! Missing Viviiiii 
Having an asthma attack  I don't know if I should be pleased that I wouldn't get to play or be sad for the same reason.
Having an early night, dreading tomorow though. I'm being such a wimp about josh but I really really really don't want him to go 
Having an Evil Headache 
Having an extremely rough day 
Having an unsuccesful day at the library 
Having an upset tummy.. 
Having another hard night. 
Having another Office Space moment.. Why is it only Wednesday 
Having bad reactions to writing cover letters addressed &quot;Dear Sir&quot;.   Sounds too much like a leatherman novel. I'm a dork.
having belated graduation-related depression 
having bodyache 
Having braxton hicks contractions...and a really sore spot near my belly button.  Feels like I'm ripping apart.  AWESOME 
Having breakfast by the pool...awesome weather. Sunny and a slight breeze. We will leave for home in about an hour  http://mypict.me/2blC
having breakfast with out chalulo 
having brekky wif my work mate roxy..cbf goin 2 work 2day 
Had a good morning - facial and a pedi while chuck had the kids, now time for my shot 
had a good mothers day, school tomorrow 
had a good night wit my king wish I didn't have to come home alone 
Had a good session at the gym.... but now what? 
Had a good time @ Dusty Armadillo...really need to shake this illness...probably time to see the Dr.! 
Had a good time tonight...to bed now. Waking up early in the morning. Never time for resting. Ugh...  
Had a good time with @R0DRiGUEZBBY even though it was short 
FP3 and baguette making is a horrible, horrible combination.  ^
FP3 isn't for another 6 hours or so - might miss it, sadly.  Hope to be around in time for Quali.  Quali is th.. http://tinyurl.com/lfpdrl
Frack ...I definitely missed the fact that I can't buy Eagles tickets for this upcoming season..I'll never go to game 
frack! a sad lil lonely weekend for the Jakester 
Fractured 
Frak! Home pc on the fritz. Freezing, rebooting. Seems motherboard is flakey. Video Card too.  no $$$ to upgrade or replace.  Bah.
Fraking freight trains! I was thiiiis close to missing my bus cause I couldn't cross the track   http://twitpic.com/6sr3j
frame of reference VS leap of faith. either way, this sucks! 
France lost a plane between rio and Paris 228person on board. 
France next Saturday!    
Francis Chan and turkey tacos for lunch. Downside - I be outta hot sauce 
Frank from UPS' last day today...  sad to see him go   best delivery guy EVER!  Hope the new guy is NOT a fucktard...
franz: eu nem curti o show  suh: que show? teve show? UIHASUIDHUIASHDUIHAUSIHDUIAHSUIDHAUISDH
frase del dia de ayer  domingo )  My mouth is dry ....Forgot how to cry
FRAZER! I DONT KNOW HOW 2 TWITTER AT U BUT U AINT FOLLOWING ME!!! i thought u loved me 
FREAK ! Just now Habbo Close for Maintenance at 12 pm 
Freak! Dang-it!!! I just came up 2 one of my fav stores UBERBOT &amp; found out it's closed down! 
freak!!! x10hosting again has a problem and i am having trouble migrating my blog to dream host! 
freakin a. the pain! 
Freakin' cricket. Go away  http://ff.im/-3qgq5
Freakin school starts next week. @-| goodbye, sleepless yet great summer nights. 
Had a good weekend with the family...I hate Mondays 
had a good workout and hoping I have enough energy to get my chores done today, lots to do and my body does not want to cooperate    a ...
HAD A GOOD WORKOUT THIS MORNING... CLEANED MY TRUCK IT'S SOOO HOT OUTSIDE HAD TO GET WET TO KEEP COOL 
had a goood morning..but now has to start doing school work. 
Had a gr8 day Saturday I won �10 on lotto yippee spent it now tho  oh well easy come easy go lol  Kt x
had a grand time last night ,  have to wake up early tomorrow morning 
Had a great 2 days! Taking a private jet down to London as my BA flight has been cancelled 
had a great 4 days off....dont want to go back to work 
Had a great 4.5hr ride and kicked some arse, but isn't getting a Specailized TT rig for the state TT 
had a great bday weekend. now back to the daily grind and the reality of a 23% paycut 
had a great breakfast (amazing how fast I get full anymore) and going to relax...feet are swollen bad  Going to party tonight!
Had a great curry lunch at the fullerton so feeling much better now! Was still drunk for first meeting this morning 
Having checked the lists, it appears that my MP is not one that has taken the piss with #expenses. Better dismantle the gallows 
Having chinese food for lunch at Dim Sum Plaza. That gorgeous made of prawns, and I can only look 
having coffee. All out of nanas  hope I feel better today
having coffee....thinking it's to hot outside for a walk... 
Having colds colds  AH1N1?!?? NOT. I will drink orange juice instead 
Having completed the task set for it- my camera has now packed up and died 
having cough.. 
Having CSI NY withdrawals...I miss my weekly Gary Sinise time 
Having delay to 1500 
Having dental pain 
having difficulty walking today...no time for massage tho 
Having dinner alone and &quot;Donde Estan Corazon&quot; has to play on my Ipod! 
Having dinner with my family ^^ having seen anyone yet on swagbucks 
Having dinner, kinda, at kfc with my family. Damn full but this headache won't go away. I think i miss you too much daisy. 
Having dis huge headache after i woke up dis morning  but thanks 2 linkin park 4 their 'new divine', that cheered me up! Go LP!
having dnd nite here. not interested 2nite frankly. peeved that i was told they weren't comin' then told just 2nite they were comin'!! 
Having Fever  dont feel to work
Having flu, Not feeling well!!my holiday is gone 
having fun in Goa! missing my daddy though  i dont wanna go back to los angeles, india is amazing!
Having fun in vegas with family! Kinda sad that I missed today's and Monday's Youtube meetups. 
Freakin sleepy  can I make it until midnite?hhhhh..
freakin stuck in class 
freakin tired.. i think i'm gettin sick? oh no!  too much to do   i hope not.
Freaking #2 horse crushed my dreams!  Tear.....
Freaking allergies have my eyes itchy &amp; on fire 
freaking bored!! looking at a surgery in the fall.. yuckkkkkk dont want to 
Freaking HOT in my house. I just want to go to sleep. 
freaking migraine  I'm going to cry.
freaking mom closed her credit card account today. now i cant get blink 182 irvine tickets.  soon as im 18 im getting a credit card!
FReaking mom hates me I almost got tpo try red bull finally and then she changed her mind wht a jerk 
freaking out 
Freaking out a bit..crossing my fingers that things will work out ok 
Freaking out so much about what's going to happen. Obviously something's going to happen to Reid  #criminal minds
freaking out! AND the bloody printer credit machine swallowed my money  bad times
Freaking out...something is extremely wrong with @MissZelda's left eye. 
Freaking pict wont upload  tomorrow xxx dreams.
freaking racquetball i cant even lift up my cup to drink 
Freaking stomach flu kept me up.  I guess no sleep for me.
Freaking traffic! This isn't good 
Freakkkk, I need to finish this to go watch Up 
Freaks and Geeks finale. How depressing that there isn't another season.  #firstworldproblems
Freaky raining &amp; windy, so that make me cant go to gym 
Fred A.: dans moins d'une heure! USAP! USAP! USAP! Quelqu'un a Canal+? 
FREE @allstar_ace !! They sent her to twitter Jail just wen shit was getting GOod! 
FREE @SONGBOOKBABY she in jail 
Free 32GB iPhone 3GS from @theiphoneblog?  Yes! Deets here: http://bit.ly/G16Qt Forgot to mention to re-tweet this 
free at last but back to work on monday 
free cake at work! course, after i've been good and packed myself a nutrious meal 
had a great day at work but is sad to see one of her collegues go 
had a great day i missed so many people and didn't realize how much until i saw them dont want to work tomorrow 
had a great day today even if i did burn my tongue on the hot frid pork dumplings ouch 
Had a great day with the bf. Lunch, shopping at Camarillo, but skipped Hangover. He had to go back to work .. sucks .. 
had a great day with the bf. lunch. shopping at camarillo. then wanted to watch hangover afterwards, but he had to go back to work  sucks.
Had a great day yesterday, I need to talk to Torri though, I miss my bamf. 
Had a great day!  But now can't sleep. Ugh! Their is so much stuff I miss! 
had a great day!!! summer's going by fast i think. 
Had a great day, but bad night.... thinking too much 
Having had a First Hand experience being an outsider makes me eligible to rate the Updates. Its hard for an outsider to catch up  #bck5
having hard time backing up our shared hosted sites. linux and windows 
Having headache 
Having headache over holiday in KL 
Having high fever... 
having his LONELY TUESDAY with a part of body ache 
Having horrible nightmares not gonna go back to sleep 
Having hot flushes......oh dear 
Having intermittent DNS lookup problems. Only affecting my computer in the office 
Having internet access on board means I can see what bad weather we are flying into   http://bit.ly/h14Tw
Having issue with google adwords adding characters to end of destination url 
having issues getting my #N95 to post to #twitpic and #mobypicture  via #gravity ... such annoyance i have such a keen eye for piccys
having issues getting ratpoison to work on mac os. 
having issues with this broadcast research project  oomph
Having Kradam withdrawls 
Having last dinner with my fellows 
having lost my daughter to a stupid virus, her dad had no one to wish him fathers days yesterday  #grieving parents
having lunch , eating some mexican chiken hmmmm !! alone 
Having lunch but I just really want to go home 
Having lunch in the car park again but where's the sun  dull skys are so depressing.
Having lunch watching loose women then gotta get ready for work 
Having lunch with My Family  tryed to take to @jtimberlake but he's not answering Me 
free icecream @walmart? Not within 100 miles of Lubbock  http://bit.ly/YZpUL
Free iPhone for students?! Why don't I get such things?! 
FREE IRAN-- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Hu84MihcOU 
free net no more!!!! 
Free on Saturday leaww yeah!! but study hard everyday 
FREE root beer float at A&amp;W Restaurants on Friday, June 19th! Too bad there's not one in my area.  
Free time. But in 1 h school again   Now i am checking my new messages. By sweetys &lt;3
Free to a good home: Loving, sweet, playful 1-year old kitty. So sad I have to let her go - have developed asthma due to allergies. 
Free wifi at sjc... Totally beats sfo. Back to SD for week 10 &amp; finals 
had a great dinner and conversation last night with @ndickens and @cuskibum Sad that we're already at the last day of #flc09 
Had a great dinner w/ family~hubby leaving tomorrow for 6 days  I'm missing him already 
had a great drive from Toronto to Tenn, weather was great, top was down, got a wicked sunburn 
Had a great interview scheduled today, but the doc got called into surgery.    Good coverage will have to wait a few more days, I guess
Had a great Jazzercise workout, but it didn't life my mood 
Had a great nap! @jenniferhiggs Wish u were here 
Had a great night last night, but I am very tired now 
Having lunch with My Family  tryed to talk 2 @jtimberlake but he's not answering Me 
Having major issues with syphon...need lots of practice 
Having major sissy withdrawals  I NEED to see her. It's quite depressing...I miss seeing her every weekend.
Having mixed feelings about the end of school...on one hand: sleeping in! on the other hand: missing my team...and unemployed in august! 
Having mood swings.  - http://tweet.sg
having moodswings 
having motivation trouble on a friday with wife absent two extra days. 
Having my dinner all alone 
Having my English anglia exams , matsers level, in 5 minutes! I'm So nervous !! 
having my first lie in in ages has given me a headache 
Having my morning coffee and bagel...a bit late, I might add 
having my morning coffee.. what a night. 
Having my surgery tomorrow morning 
Having no laptop is depressing. I wanna put new songs on my ipod!!! I miss you itunes..  my ipod feels ancient.
Having no more download limit is killing me, i want my ADSL2 back 
having one more shot then bye bye - to my girls  - i need my bed.
Having one of those &quot;blah&quot; days...tired but not sleepy...wanna do something but too lazy to motivate 
Having one of those days when nothing seems to go right, i hate that! 
having one of those sad days, missing my friends A LOT! 
Free! Well, until 1 pm tomorrow 
free, two, one and now sleep  .. Chhhhr .. Hahaha .. Good Night .. Today They will take the blood me  Help me .. I'm afraid of needles !!!
Freedom for a week and then taking Biology all July 
freeeeaking out. too much to do and not enough time to do it all 
freeeeeeee music for sexy people! http://bit.ly/3QIWUC ok I'm off to go make some $ now  then it's time for comic-drawing and THE ESSENCE.
FREEEEEEEEEEDOM!!!! I got out of the house. OMG! It was amazing. Ran in the complex and got to the lower floor! Trapped, after hesitating 
freeeeeeeeeeeeee!!! just for the weekend 
freeeeeeeeeeeezing cold in the house today 
freeeeeeezing and desperately needs AAA batteries 
freeeeeeezing in my bed and cant sleep  boo.
Freeeeench  I CANT CONCENTRATE
FREEEEZING!!! The heaters aren't working!!  brrrrrrrrrr ;)
FREEEZIINGG ::pulls covers up:: wats good with this weather!! 
Had a great night with some bad revelations.  I always want someone I just can't have.
Had a great night with the girlies! Have fun Leah and Shannon! Now...time to study 
had a great night yesterday with Miguel , Josefine amd Amanda! WILL MISS YOU GUYS WHEN YOU LEAVE. 
had a great photoshoot yesterday! but still feels sick...  
Had a great start to the weekend but now I feel really sick 
had a great thai chicken pizza at @calpizzakitchen and loved seeing all my old co-workers i want a tiramisu now  or red velvet cake mmmmmm
had a great time at Ascot, but my wallet didn't have such a good day   On the plus side it didn't rain
Had a great time at my cousin's wedding yesterday. Now back to the normal stuff....like laundry....lots of it   
having pharmacology exams tommorrow 
having pink eye is the most terrible thing ever, seriously  since I can't have contact with people, text me: 941 468 6778
having Pizza Hut for merienda. still having a terrible migraine. 
having power snack...toast with superfruit spread(tj's), and go raw trek mix...yum...wishing i was having a chocolate shake...yummier 
having prawn curry tonight wooop. got really bad heat rash  and its making me cold  bad times.... bgt soon wooop DIVERSITY TO WIN xx
Having problems with modrewrite. 
having problems with restaurant city.  http://plurk.com/p/paptn
Having real trouble sleeping last few nights...keep missing tournies cuz too sleepy...I hope this pill works 
having really bad back problems today  
Having really bad sorehead 
Having rough days lately. No more boyfriend 
having serious back pain 
having so much fun in Trinidad.. where did the time go coming back to NY Friday  but i will be back in Trinidad February
Having some decaf  with Justin &amp; Logan. Great company but decaf is not the best.
Having some horrible second thoughts and dredging a certain person who ruined the last three years of my life, back to the surface... 
Having some issues w/ computer &amp; iPod. Little bit of Murphy's Law. 
Having some problems with my WLAN adapter - this is not a good day in terms of netbooks for me..  #fb
Having some serious tech difficulties getting on my show 
Having some sort of stomach issue... I've been on injured reserve all day 
having some technical issues - travel pages updated and uploaded - but the site won't show for some reason  - break time I think...BRB
Freeezing in the office today...and I can't find my fleece  i hope the cleaning ladies didn't take it...
freeezing now 
freenode have blocked mibbit access  How am I going to get my IRC fix now?
freetime in psychology class... woohoo? not really... i dont have anyone to talk with 
Freezer with $500+ worth of beef is half-thawed.  Not sure whether it is refreezing or just thawing now... yikes.
freezing  watching rove, he just did a joke about incest ewww
freezing cold, windy and &quot;that rain that gets you wet&quot; - Yep, it's a work day!!! 
Freezing Hell! RubyKaigi2009 tickets have sold out after 50 mins! Couldn't get one 
Freezing my fingers off at a tram stop in Melbourne. No tram to be seen  That's what I get 4 tryin to save money!
FREEZING. wh yis it anytime imon the pc it suddenly becoms so clod i have to wear like 4 of andyroos jumpers  ?
freezing.. gonna curl up &amp; take a nap, then shower, then go to bed haha. work in th morning 
Freezing.... Hardly surprising for the 1st day of winter... it's going to be a cold one this year... if only there was someone to snuggle 
French 2 and liberal arts finals  fml
French and i have half an hour left of my life worth living 
French Connection does not serve my ass well, anymore, my jeans went baggy 
French coursework. 
French exam over, hopefully went well, lunch al fresco by the River Clyde, finally home but flat empty and Firefox is f*cked  Spanish next
French Gov back to fines for internet users.. Hadopi is back  Let's start the fight again #hadopi
French is hard 
french is the worst subject ever. 
French isn't meant to be taught to asians 
french listening today 
French Open is over for me  Novak 
FRENCH ORAL exam today  Noooooooooooooo!!eith an external examiner... great :/ be home by 12.30 though  english revision then ..
French plane from Rio de Janeiro to Paris hit by lightening and lost from radar. 
French plane from Rio de Janeiro to Paris hit by lightening and lost from radar.  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8076848.stm
French trip over... Having last breakfast in the sun 
french. 
FRENSH ORAL EXAM... KILL ME NOW 
Frenzy was amazing. For sure the best one yet! Currently watching Romeo and Juliet, so sad 
Had a great time at the game! But they lost 
had a great time at the lake but I'm burnt 
Had a great time at the Lake. I wish that weekends were longer   Going back in 2 weeks, might even take a few vacation days from work!
Had a great time in DC. Now on my way to IAD so i can head home 
Had a great time in Europe but happy to be back in Austin! But am jet lagged as hell....woke up at 5 am yesterday and today 
had a great time on my birthday but my phone went overboard... so thats one bummer.. and my sunglasses.. 
had a great time seeing Cirque Du Soleil yesterday on the field trip, but my stupid cold is still going! 
had a great time splatter painting a trampoline with neon paint. those girls crack me up. ruined a perfectly good pair of new shorts. 
Had a great time tonite w/Monkey, but am totally exhausted! Might actually fall asleep b4 Hubster gets home! 
had a great time w. my baby before i go back to oakland &amp; he leaves for florida  now watchin lil miss sunshine (:
Had a great time with  my friends. Back to grading 
had a great time with camila tonight, but missing a special someone back in dc... 
having steaks,  corn, potatoes and chocolate chip cookies for dessert......only steak and corn for me 
having strep throat stinks 
Having struggled my way into work today, crossing a substantial part of London.  I find that most of my colleagues are working from home 
having such a horrible night...all i want to do is talk to you...guess you don't feel the same 
Having sunday dinner...yummy to the max! Then time to study some history 
Having terrible nightmares! 
Having that cash flow prob where I have tons of $$ in the ether (merchant acct, paypal, check in fed ex @ my house) but not deposited yet 
Having the day from hell!!! 
having the flu sucks! 
Having the flu sucks... 
having the laziest day ever....love it!!  But 2 colours and cuts to do soon....SUCK!! 
Having the most horriblest dreams ever 
Having the same problem in Raleigh as Helena MT, my recommended places aren't open until dinner  moving north...
having the slowest printer known to mankind is making it very hard for me to finish these outlines... 
having the sniffles. please don't let this be a cold. i can't afford to fall sick 
having the worst day at work! delt with some bitchy ass customers and top of it, my BF is a fuckin jerk! 
having the worst day of my life...someone make it go away 
having the worst day. cheer me up 
having the worst day... and it hasn't even rained 
Having the worst time of my life wanna come home 
Having the worst time waking up. 
Having to block my debit card because I'm sure there's been fraudulent activity on it. Bugger!! 
Having to cancel the Son of Robot gig tonight. Luke is in no state to perform after the other nights attack. Disheartening. 
Having to clean my room blah  
Having to come up with little rhymes to learn all 20 Acts and when they were. Damn you women!  xoxo
Having to debug JavaScript using IE, its that or move back my installed version of Firefox to get Firebug to debug without falling over 
having to drive to Bath just as coverage of lions starts  #lions
Freseing! Ughh I need to be cuddled and kept woarm! 
fresh out da bingo hall party . it poppd . all kinds of shid went down . shirt got a lil messd tho .  but nun i cnt wash.  ballin=life
fresh out the shower..bout 2 head bac 2 kissimmee 
Fresh pineapple again for breakfast. No coffee  Off to Columbia Road to buy treats.
fresh prince marathon+ crampz+ laptop=my friday nite 
freshly showered. Wishing I was feeling better so I could go out and play 
Freshman year is over                                       
Freud is a funny dude. In the library. Hoping on acing my exam on wednesday! Still sad over Nadal's loss. 
Fri afty blues - don't feel like working anymore 
frick that thunder was loud! stupid storm waking me up so bloody early, not hapy 
Frick! I cut my thumb with a knife. Nearly got blood on my num num 
Frick! The place is closed 
FRICK! theres no more milk  i HATE that
Frick. I don't want to drive to Nampa every day 
frickin' overslept! Late to work 
FRICKING HATE KANTIAN ETHICS :'( :'( too much for a hot sunny day to go into a little blondes head 
FRIDAY - No party's  XBOX TIME!
friday 6 pm, single, still in office, too bad 
Had a great time with the Fields' and the California Rudds....gonna miss my sis and her fam 
Had a great travel day with the family. Too bad my tooth is asking for a root canal. 
Had a great wasabi bloody mary at dinner but now am paying for it.  Glad the gift store sells Tums. 
Had a great week or so off, lovely weather, super relaxing and minimal Internet - bliss! Now... work tomorrow 
Had a great weekend .................. it's a shame Monday has to come around 
had a great weekend and did not want it to end! hello monday 
had a great weekend home in Peterborough!!! back to work tomorrow and really dreading it 
having to f!@# with the iCal cache - spotlight ain't working in it 
Having to fight with Group Policy changing my Internet Explorer Settings - the fun of IT not understanding the needs of Developers 
Having to interview ppl today which I hate!! How do you tell someone they're not good enough?! In a nice way!! :s damn I hate this 
Having to purge two-faced gossip mongers from my facebook from thousands of milesaway.   Some people have nothing better to do.
Having to put my cat down..  Im  really sad!
Having to replace my Cruzer Contour  I love that USB! 599TH POST though! Will do my 6th centenary tomorrow!
having to restore his ipod again which means ive lost loads of music if my laptop also gets wiped 
having to stay up late coding after that poor excuse for a hockey game will not be fun, even if i am getting paid.  
Having to take your dog to the ER after what started as nice walk also helps put things into perspective 
Having too much lag to be successful at #Halo3 Slayer. Wish my internet would stay fast. Has a lot of slow periods 
Having tough time with vBulletin 
Having trouble downloading with FireFTP 
having trouble falling asleep and its almost 3am and i wake up at 6 to get ready for work  im gonna be tired as hell tomorrow,
Having trouble finding friends to follow... 
Having trouble getting @tweed to let me log in.  
Having trouble setting up the profile. 
Having trouble sleeping 
Having trouble staying asleep. It's so hot and I'm exhausted 
Having trouble to start today 
having trouble trying to figure out  this twitter stuff 
having trouble with my bio assinment  HELP
having trouble with my boyf 
having trouble with twitter  Its acting crazy!
Having two of the coolest guys ignoring me makes me sad.....real sad. 
having who can hold there breath the longest competitions with myself... i keep losing 
havn a phonegasm. they got a new auto-tune APPLICATION comin' for iphones  wat about eternity godamn lol .
havng a splitting headache  loads of wrk 2 do as i was not in off yest n along wid all of dis i really wanna go meet @bloodyc family
havnt been on twitter all week - too sick to go on the coputer  now i am catching up by tweeting at school
Havnt gotten any in months  my ex seems into dating but there isn't that spark anymore  still in love with loser who left me 
havn't had a message in 3 hours!!! :O  lol...talk to me people! Im BORED! xD
Friday and it's raining 
Friday can't come fast enough! 
Friday dvd was scratched so we could only watch the music videos on it.  we watched Mighty Boosh instead!
Friday Epic Fail... 
FRIDAY finally!!! Im taking care of the cafeteria today, then after work i will go see the Hangover with a friend. A friend who is moving 
friday frriiiidaaaaay!! weekend mode!! wish i was goin planet love tho.. 
friday gimmick in the office  but always looking forward for the weekend!
Friday has a whole different meaning when you have to work Saturday and Sunday 
Friday is the new Thursday 
Friday night and I'm bored, this is a great start to the summer...8-) Have to wake up early for soccer tomorrow 
Friday night and I'm stuck at home practicing shitty Phish songs for a wedding ceremony I gotta play next weekend. 
Friday Night Magic last night, I lost so bad  I suck at draft
friday night movie plans are cancelled til 2morro 
Friday night, after midnight, I'm sitting here bored and lonely. Suckkkk 
Friday night.  Pink eye.  Boo.  
Friday night. 10:15pm and I'm already heading for bed. Damn I'm old. 
Friday nights are crazzy 
Friday nite ..... very tired ..... still at offc ....  
Friday seems so far 
Friday! Last day to work then the weekend and Monday off.  Peter returns to London on Tuesday 
Friday! This stormy weather had got-to-go. I got nail polish on my new medical scrubs 
Friday! Yay! BFF is out 2day  miss him like crazy...ready to get out of town for the wknd...
Friday!!! i have got a theory exam tomorrow  Wish me luck!
had a great weekend with the boys. tired but feel good. i still did not catch any keeper fish. 
Had a great weekend, buts its getting over now.  Nonetheless had a great time. i am very happy.
had a great weekend. I'm tired. Boo for working 
had a great weekend. Starting off the work week on a soggy commute. 
Had a great weekend...and now exhausted! Last day of school tomorrow 
HAD A GREAT WORK OUT TODAY!!! WORKED ON SOME LEGS...CHEST 80% AND aRMS AND BACK...i HOPE I CAN GET UP IN THE MORN FOR SOME MORE  TIRED
Had a great, relaxing week @ the istana. He leaves in 10 days &amp; I have my driving test tomorrow 
had a greeaatttt day! sept my beby gurl got fired   Whos goin to akon next friday? hit me up!
had a grilled steak but now my tummy is upset 
had a hair cut and looked the same  boring !
had a hankering for some ice cream, went to the freezer, opened the bucket &amp; there was nothing in it 
had a hard, I mean, really hard time sleeping. Probably because I had way too much Dark Mocha Frappuccino with my HS barkada. 
Had a headache last night, and now it's worse  might not be such a great morning. Caribou, rehearsal, bro grad party, DECC. Uffda.
Had a hectic day, first hospital then doctors argh...lets just say sick. 
had a hell of a freaking weekend and it's not even over yet. 
had a horible day and just got home  and school 2moz grrr.
had a horrible breakfast Old Chang Kee nasi lemak is horrible!! 
had a horrible dream about @justenn and remi 
had a horrible night - got a flat tire, made me miss a deadline 
Had a horrible night  i mean horrible .and morning  &lt;lovin'Leland&gt;
Had a huge shopping spree today! Wish I could keep the bedding I bought but it is WAY too expensive 
had a huried morning walk, stupid bladder 
Havnt read all tweets todaii  Im so tired n grouchy!! not a good look. Better be off....Times like these...For i am still blessed. ~~~ x
Havnt tweeted in a while    i cant go to sleep 
Hawaii is breathtaking. not much time to tweet but day 2 brings me some flu-like symptoms.did @lani2162 give me her germs???? i'm achy. 
Hawk Nelson's Summer EP isn't available on their site anymore.. 
Hawks lost 
Hawt.did such a good workout.could have all the nutella I wanted now.but instead having a banana protein shake. 
haww i cant even swallow my jamba juice that my hubby got for me to feel bettter...so sore right now not funny 
hay @jason_mraz i haven't buy your cd compilation because it's too expensive  but i want to hear that
hay fever 
Hay fever - the stuff of champions 
hay fever + a cold = 
Hay fever is bad today aaccchhhooo 
hay fever, i hate having it because it makes anything involving my HDTV and PS3 impossible. My summer is wrecked 
Hay follow me plis just one day 
Hay fucking feaver i swear it kills u slowlyyy arggg i rather hav the plaugeee 
Hay guys I heard bout that plane it must have been pretty scarry for all the passengers on the flight 
hay last saterday was  my b day ya it was so fun to bad it had to end  it was fun
hay peeps i am so bored and in pain coz i got a swolen knee              
hay!so many parties to attend.anu beh?!i cant multitask.afraid im gonna miss the church service today.  http://plurk.com/p/xciaj
Hayaaaaa !! Cism sampaaa niii  I hate reading! http://myloc.me/4tYM
Haye kids, haye. What's happenin'?  I like, never use this thing. 
Hayes. im going to cedar point over the summer. but my parents dont want to go down to ki afterwards... 
Hayfever - Not Good! 
hay-fever .. not gudd 
Hayfever and a cold at the same time.. yay me. feel like i'm dying on my feet 
Hayfever attack! Looks like I've got to get back on the Flixonase again 
Hayfever can fuck off to. I am not in a good mood this morning it seems 
Hayfever has hit  just watched DHW's, now going back too work for a busy saturday night. xo
Friday. Love it. But miss Jacob  x
Friday. Paid. Whipless.. 
FRIDAY... Home... Alone... So sick  ugh right now.
Friday: up @ 6:30am, finally slept Saturday @ 7am. Woke up @ 2, &amp; no partying to xplain it, back on the grind!! 
Fridays are not fun when there is nothing to do 
fridays are not meant for working..... 
Friday's finally here... big presentation today... but still feeling sick 
friday's worst day of the week.. no creativity anmore  *traipses to kitchen for getting saved by cpt. coffee!!*
fridayyyyyy! rain go away 
Fridge shopping 2day.....YUCK! 
Fried Macaroni at Picasso's... My parents want me to be fat  http://twitpic.com/6ddv9
friend got in a bad wreck  he's in a coma and they don't know if he'll live. pray for preston even if you don't know him!
friend got mugged this morning 
friend had me get NHL 3v3 on my PS3, but it only incites rage in me when I can't even win on easy 
Friend in DKA.    Doing better this morning.
friend left awhile ago.    had a great day though.  no plans for tomorrow. well...not yet.
Friend on her way round again! Fiancé still being a prat.I thought he was being commitment phobe but it seems not 
Friendfeed down for me. Showing a 'Service Unavailable' page. 
FriendFeed is down!  http://bit.ly/EJArg
friendly fires album on repeat mode, to make up for the missed gig 
had a killer weekend enjoying the beach with fam... too bad its dull monday today 
had a late saturday but its time for some 漢字!,  have to catch up with some 200 reviews,  why did i let it pile up??
had a lazy day in the sunshine, feeling happy, but wondering why miley didnt accept on myspace 
Had a leg spasm this AM. Look for me in sneakers, not heels, today. 
had a lie in then worked out, now working  last exam tomos! cant wait!
Had a little accident. My big toe is incredibly injured but safe from being completely cut-off. 
had a little Mt. Dew to get me through some Ghostbusters. That's the prob when you get up early and work all day: gaming while tired  
had a long day 
Had a long day at work  glad I have tomorrow off.
had a long day installing computers at RECOM... got to meet the person that got the job up there I applied for too! 
had a long day up at Roswell, prep for my surgery, found out my surgery date is July 17th! ...eeek  ...could this get ne more not fun?
Had a long day. Buried 1 young man in the afternoon only to loose another a couple of hours later. Life is too short wake up everybody 
Had a loong day with my mom...even missed Chuck  oh well....
had a looooong day &amp; it's about to get even longer. 
had a lot of fun @ some grad parties this weekend but didn't get a lot of sleep.  Working, grading &amp; then crashing early tonight.-I?M.N.
Hayfever has kicked in properly for the first time this year. I'm avoiding the beautiful sunshine, as my eyes are very sore 
Hayfever has started again 
Hayfever is bad today 
Hayfever is not doing me favours today. The New Era tablets don't seem to be working nor haymax  Hard to concentrate.
Hayfever is not good, but it will get alot worse if I have to go out to a grass fire  shame sharapova is out of Wimbledon !
Hayfever is starting to kick my ass 
Hayfever is starting to ruin my day - I have took some Clarityn but feeling all blocked up 
hayfever is trying to kill me..sumone call the police - it's stalkin me 
hayfever time finally arrived. not cool! 
hayfever...  fucking big brother means no scrubs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHH. atleast my exams are over
hayfever...the summer killer, about 30 sneezes in a row!  x
hayfever-y, which is terribly unfair as i haven't been outside for several weeks 
Hayleyy Where Are Youu? You Been Missinng 2 Dayss??? 
Haylie Ecker's had a new baby. Someone else replaced her as the first violinist. I'll miss Haylie 
hayy!! take care! 
haze is back so as the coughing.. 
Hazel - revising german nationalism for history exam...... and its still sunny! why does it have to be so damn nice when I have to study 
Hazel Blears resigns from cabinet! They are starting to topple like dominoes now. I'm not saying the new lot will be any better though. 
HBD my sweet Lesem!!!!!! ^^ i love ya!!!!and i miss u !!! 
HCD?, u lost me? sowwy i am slow like that.... 
Hco sucks i love my job 
HD didnt like the skrew i accidently put on the circuit board &gt; smoke &gt; -300GB &gt; 
Hd enough of tit for tat with the kids. I'll nvr win. They came up with the silliest games like &quot;who will blink first?&quot; No bets on me 
HDD Life alert - Health down at 93%   - a laptop change should be coming soon
HD's not turning on. Perfect. What's wrong with me and technology?? 
He already has a job in Midland...I'm totally broken now 
He also drank my Coke Zero 
Friends are not meant to fuck u up 
Friends asking to join the adventure, i'm not feeling well. Hate to miss all the fun and adventure 
Friends dog gone home  How come I have put on 2 lbs while doing two walks a day?  Something not right there!
Friends Help me Out get more followers 
Friends here now. Bye Twitter  real world people win. For once. Alas.
Friends not living in this area of town anymore sucks for going out and drinking nights and driving/cab/ride issues. 
FRIENDS! Who wants to join me in my crusade for animal... help stuff!? I need someone to go with  http://bit.ly/Hmcae
Friendships are very hard to come by in the states ... too many selfish, self-centred &amp; ego-maniacal people. I miss London &amp; Australia! 
Friggen half yearlies all week.  At least there's Irene McCormack day ! Isn't there supposed to be a fair thing ?
FRIGGEN TWITTER!! STOP GOING ALL WEIRD LIKE!! argh im sick!! wish i saw the hot tom fletcher look alike 
Friggin finals again today! This bs is sooooo annoying, and this rain sucks serious bottom 
Friggin' impatient!  - http://tweet.sg
Friggin luck for Force India. Just when I tht they would get their first points Sutil crashes 
friggin ning is down!!! 
friggin slept in   no early morning digimon for me.  and i'm off!
FRIGGIN STUPID SPANISH EXAM TOMOROW 
frigging hates doctors!!! hollyoaks should of won 
Frightened - very! Going to hospital now for MRI scan - if I survive will tweet later  
had a lot of harmless fun last night - too bad it was marred by a morning full of sad kitties and mean boyfriends 
had a lousy day at work. damn it! 
had a lovely chat with a Thursday Island guy today.  And now is haaaanging for palm trees.......and frangipani.....and dugong... 
had a lovely day at the picture today...but back home now and back to thinkin  still had a nice day though :-D
had a lovely day chilling with her friends and reading in the sun, shame i can't go to Havana tonight 
Had a lovely day in the canoe yesterday http://bit.ly/H7WTI ... back to work and reality today though.  (via @tweetmeme)
had a lovely day with family. they took Oscar home.  little squishy furball. dont think the roast potatoes were good for him....!!!! eek.
had a lovely time in the park with alan and other's will be sad on Monday when they go  tweet  x
had a lovely weekend, having to get uniforms ready now though 
he always seems so unhappy now. 
he called his mom very upset 
He called me &quot;mate&quot; 
He came home angry, now he looks sad  Is it time for more pellets? I will continue to look cute until food is served.
He destroys my mom and i cant do anything. 
He didn't reply my sms 
he didn't survive  *sigh* guess it just wasn't made to me, poor bird never made it through the night 
He didn't talk to Max AT ALL. 
he didnt teach us anything..psh dbq. bio went -_- need a new start, and quick! its almost over..8yr dif 
He died several days later of respiratory failure and cardiac arrest at the University Medical Center 
he din text me, he din call me and he forget about me. 
He does not like house music tonight 
he doesnt answer when we call. i think he's mad at me 
he doesn't appreciate me 
he doesnt even get it 
he doesn't hear my words 
He dosent know im there at least i dont think he does :/ Science and Maths revision 
He forgot about me again  twice in one day
he forgot about me tonight  Im going to bed sweeties..night. PS Happy Fathers Day to all the Daddys
He frustrates so much 
he gave me his number on myspace and apparently he waited around his phone for 2 days waiting for me to call of text him, omg. 
He got arrested so ibjad to dive her home, what a fucking night 
He had a throat infection and suffocated 
he hanged me between confusing emotions 
He has been diagnosed with Swine Flu but because of his PVFS he's gotten it really really bad and now nobody can see him 
He has like the most interesting job; he's a sr detective (emph on SR) major crimes squad... But he sure aint no Gary Dourdan... 
he has no idea how much i miss him. i'm terrified of what i'm feeling. and i wish this wasn't all we could be. 
He has the time to do whatever else, but he doesn't have the time to come see me when he said he would? I fucking hate him! No I don't. 
he has to know that he be making my day... what will i do with myself come the 28th? 
he hasn't looked at me all morning, not even when i cry, its like i've epically failed him, maybe if i eat something he'll be happier... 
Frightened to turn off my laptop in case it &quot;looses&quot; my wireless adaptor again 
frikin school tomoz no i h8 every1 who goes there and the only person i lyk is in qld 
frikkin' starving and wants food now !! edmonton still, coming home tomorrow. and i hope lucky is okay and sasha isn't too lonely w/o her 
frisbee was meh. i had a little meltdown after  i'm rly ~emoshunal~ right now, ok? stupid pms...
Fritz Roderick Von Hughes is sad to be in the kennel all day  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6882699
frogbar was sooo fun w/the bestie.. i'm gonna miss her when she leaves.. 
FrogParade feels your pain 
from @rainnwilson  Remember Kings of Leon, before they were a 'boy band'? ♫ http://blip.fm/~7s04w Makes me sad 
from 16 to 15 followers 
From a twentyK credit limit to a thousand. what a gay day! 
From Ashley: sitting in the library. should be reading, but im not. i only read certain books and the school library doesnt have them. 
From blue to green to violet. My new hair color just got wash by the rain 
From Caesers to the Wynn ... $100 in first and only hand on AQ suited ... to 99974 ... 
From CBC News http://tinyurl.com/nv6tzv Disappointed by some readers' responses, but voter apathy rife in Canada. 
From dark purple to... orange?!!!! Still feeling tad shitty 
from hours ago- won netball by three closest game in a while- played terribly though..than one out for dinner- come home early to study 
from la habra to costa mesa to laguna to san marcos...all to be sitting on a computer. something isnt right here 
from lover to hater 
From Nov 2012 they are planning to ban road legal track day tyres such as ACB10, 888, Direzza, Pilot Sport Cup and my Yokohama AO48's 
had a meeting from when I walked in the door, till now. Just sat down @ my desk, only with a lot more work to do 
had a mega blow out this weekend  it was needed and from the bits I can remember it was mint bad hangover now though 
Had a mishap yesterday I crushed my toe     I'm sure its fractured, lots of swelling black n; purple  OUCH!!!!!
had a month to enjoy the life with my parent. Going to continue my study, taking diploma. No more Animax for me!! 
Had a nice chat with juried artist Artana. Her photography is creative and arresting. &quot;Hidden&quot; in particular but it sold already.  #SEAF
Had a nice concert yesterday. Nice location, nice people, it was great. But I have a bad cold since yesterday night  Being sick sucks!
Had a nice convo with my cuz phillip, I miss him 
had a nice date with the hubby...thinking of my girl as she is away at camp tonight!  Hope she sleeps well...
had a nice day off. I get to work ALL day tomorrow though. 
had a nice day today watching toy story and shrek on the big screen...a little upset im not going to be seeing matt for about 2 weeks 
had a nice day today with adam, but is no bored, and feels ill 
Had a nice lunch at his parents! Now back at work though 
Had a nice mother's day and spent with the best mom ever. also, my car broke down today. that wasn't so nice. it just got towed. 
He hates me 
He he, I still don't know how come I can not go on Twitter on my computer 
He is just not that into you..  Listening to John Mayer and enjoying every second of the shitty weather. I miss Maine 
he is like ignoring me 
He is now only in my memories!! 
He is on Cali time 3 hours behind us, so he will be up for awhile and prob sleep in late. By the time he adjusts it will be time to go 
he is sick, now i'm getting worry about him 
He is so country..sounds like Plies mixed wit TI...man I missed out on him growin up n it wasn't either of our fault  def keepin in touch
He is so cuteeeeee but he iz URKING the HELL out of me damn whyyyyyyyyyyyy but he iz getting on my NERVES 
He jumps through hoops for her but never for me 
He just got back on the road &amp; I miss him already 
He just hurt me. I can not believe he would say that.  enjoythefall;*
He just officialy graduated.  im crying
he let me down again 
He likes me. He really does! 2 and a half hours sucks. 
he made the good morning call today.  even tho he knew i couldn't accept the charges.  just to hear me for a moment. i miss him so much 
he makes me so happy, i'm gonna miss him when hes gone for a few days 
He misses me  wtffffffff. But he hapy w/ that bitch? ok
he needs a name… please…  http://tr.im/pefU… mai brain it not thinkin' of any good ones 
He never called me back  I hate boys!! A girl would never do this to me &gt;=/ ...oh wait, they have too :l
He put me on bombay last week. Over here again on it again. Still not home 
had a nice nap but still feel like crap. stress level high so may have to kiss going out tonight goodbye...! 
had a nice night chillen by himself!! Imma miss this. 
Had a nice Sunday. Not ready for the work week ahead though. Still having pain, too. 
Had a nice time last night. Wish we would have hung out longer  overall a great day capped off by a great night. Friends, drinks, fun!
Had a nice time with my dad and litlle bother, they're just awsome. A shame we didn't get to celebrate midsummers day as we use to. 
had a nice wee run about the garden with jasper, now my hayfever is terrible! 
had a nightmare about the history exam. i hope to god it goes ok... never been more nervous in my life... 
Had a nightmare. Can't go back to sleep now. 
had a nose bleed at work 2nite 
had a not so good day//sleep  i miss him!
had a ok day. but even a better nite. upset bcuz my boo is starvin 
had a painful lunch  thanks to my throat infection
had a panic attack today.  and feels like she is going to be yelled at and possibly murdered.  
Had a pathetic buffet for dinner @ Taj Banjara yesterday.Not worth the brand and money 
From over 5,000 photos down to 26, now i just need to loose 16 more 
From the &quot;You Can't Make This Stuff Up Department&quot; German Biker Gangs are recruiting retarded people to commit crimes  http://bit.ly/1 ...
From the BBC  -the novelist JG Ballard has died at the age of 78. Several of his books were turned into films including Crash, Empireofsun
From the bottom of the ocean...Jacob. 
From the front of the house and it wasnt there!  If you dont see me again, then the government have got me  i am freaked out now!!
From the High to low,, from a nice City then back to the Jungle 
from the office 
from time to time I think about what a great job I could have if I had quit this one two years ago and started looking    ::sigh::   
from time to time its gotton a bit nasty  with the curse of my name blahhh
From what I've gathered, I'm the only one in my group of friends that likes Blink-182. &quot;All My Best Friends Are Metalheads.&quot; 
front desk duty again and I forgot a book again  
front row...now if only the security guy in front of me would move...or sit down...or *something* so i can see...  
Frost the cake tonight or wait until tomorrow?  2 year old already took a big chunk out of it.    He said it's good as is.
frozen tonight 
frustrated about everything and everybody 
he said &quot;look what the cat dragged in.&quot; Cat?! I hate cats. Then he said I wasn't friendly and we left. 
He said &quot;move on&quot;... What am I gonna do? 
he said he would call me sometime tomoro to let me know how things are and if everyone's okay...  but i'm still worried.
he said 'i need you too love me , i need our love , i need you' 
he said no 
He seems different today...   neenahhhbabe(:
He singed out 1 minute ago. 
He spoiled me by spending two and half weeks in bed.... now back to reality. I miss my hubby. 
he switches off his cellphone!! huaaaaa, i cant sleep  buzz me bebe..
he then changed his msn name to 'paul has something new to hate' and thought it was bad and didnt believe charlie knew ben cook. 
he thinkgs ignore me will solve OUR problems, but he doesnt know that im going to keep trying  i fucking love him too much to let him go!!
HE THREATENED ME TO GET OF MYSPACE AND AIM!!! nxt... hes gonna take my phone..  haha w.e thanks ILY
He totally forgot what today is! LOL 
He unpluged the the thing thinking it went to the unneeded fan.  But it went to the pretty plue lights. 
He wants me to go to sleep now so I can wake up at 8 then go to his place, but I'm not sleepy yet 
he was here but only for a moment...   mayhaps I will get the chance again in another life time to say &quot;I love your work, Mr. Rickman&quot;
he was in my school this year he was supposed to go to collage but he rested 
He was one of my best friends while I was away, and now he doesn't even talk to me for reasons unbeknownst to me. This makes me sad. 
He was only three, but still. His mom was there and I know it's a place for kids, but still?! I was so frustrated.  So I finished Yoda...
He was sad 2day coz his rabbit friend was at the vet, he must of Been worried  http://sml.vg/3NEk6H
frustrated bc my hair is too straight and i miss my curls 
frustrated by my stupid iPhone I need a blackberry!!!! 
Frustrated enough with SP that I'm leaving to take the dog for a walk 
Frustrated that I am now sharing a room with my little sister 
Frustrated that new iPhone is bigger than the old one. Old accessaries became useless 
frustrated that they kicked Ian out  i misses him already.
frustrated upset ready to cry  my baby daddy in jail and my daughter is with his family cause he was with him in cali
frustrated with cruise booking...  
FRUSTRATED!! 
frustrated. afraid. sad. lethargic. what kind of life this is? 
frustrated. afraid. sad. lethargic. what's kind of life this is? 
Frustrated. Doc sees some calcium deposits in my leg. Another month of inactivity.  #fb
frustrated. I just found out our sitter isn't avail. tonight. now what? no TKD test 4 me I guess  good thing I'm married to the instructor
FRUSTRATED. Lonely! Sad! 
frustrated. People to commit but do not join. 
frustrated~tired I wish I was still in Hillsborough I miss Lucky &amp; my friends too.  I would be very thankful. If my dream came true. :'(
Frustrating not only being a SIGNIFICANTLY worse golfer than the rest of my group, but also having a crappy game by my own standards. 
Frustrating that there's no live feed for BB10UK!  At least we got some nudity on the 1st night: http://tinyurl.com/ooo9du
Frustrating when u r in the mood, but your partner is at work. Ugh! 
Frustration is turning on the NHL Finals and finding my local NBC channel is doing a local telethon instead. 
Frustration... The kid fell asleep at 6 just woke up at midnight Grr! Looks like i'll be awake for awhile  lol!
F-secure moves from Advanced to Standard...sad, i am  a F-secure customer 
FSM is processing my application. And I will know everything in two weeks. How crap would it be if I wasn't accepted? I'd have stay here. 
FT @nerdist: So jealous that @steveagee is with @phirm today.  I feel so alone today. I want to die! 
ft belvoir hobby shop is close mon/tues   oh well
Ft greene is effing cute like I don't ever want to go back to my ghetto part of town 
FTW am so dissapointed in King James right now! No more 'clash of the titans' finals  So dissapointed I said f**k the what instead of wtf
Fu**!! No mid year bonus! 
fucccckkkk my head is going into overdrivee.. haaattteee this 
He was supposed to come home 2day 
He was supposed to have landed @ 11:30..its 1 something &amp; im worried 
he wasn't there today   my free day from when the bell rang and wen it rang at the end was okayy..but after 
he went to sleep, poop.  watching some show about siamese twins? yeeaahhh
He would lol.No I have been working so I have to get up early so I just haven't been on. But I miss you  @Katielemaster
he wouldn't use it...god damn!i got soaked to the skin  ?donde esta el puto sol¿no aguanto más...!¿!
He+She= ;/, 
Head ache  Tom's call time is really early because the shows will start at 2:30PM. Recovered like 150+ photos already... 700 more to go!
head ache will not go away! i can't sleep because it hurts so bad  should I watch how to be again or Milk again
head ache, feel sick, ew, but i have too much work to skive off 
Head ache.  need sleep. Throat hurts. Am I complaining to much? Night
head ache. :\ I want a ginger tabby kitten, and a ragdoll kitten.   aha
Head and throat feel funny. Hope I'm not gettig sick. Missin UCI so much right now. Homes been so painfully boring and unfulfilling 
Head and tooth  hurts. 
head cold sux. 
Head colds suck! 
head feels cabbaged over things, and feels stuck in a rut she cant get out off 
head full of sand. thank the gods for migraines 
Head Girl interview tomorrow 
head hurt--im on chill mode till da weekend idk dependin on how i feel aint been feelin 2well all week 
Head hurtin 
Head hurts 
Head hurts bad 
Head hurts fro holding back the tears of seeing Gramp &amp; Grams place for the last time 
Head hurts like the other day... 
Head hurts.  Feel pukey. Sore throat. Poor me 
Head hurts.  Haven't had a proper headache I'm ages! Plus this sign is really distracting, it's right outside livingroom window.
Head hurts.  Think I'm feeling the after effects of the semi trance Derren Brown put me under.
Head hurts. Not the best sleep but nice out. Working a double. Lame. Prob gonna hate life after 
head is pounding 
Head is sooo sore! 
Head is throbbing from lack of sleep and still have mucho work. Doesn't feel like a Friday 
head really hurts.. i think i studied so much that i forgot everything 
head sore and nothing done on essay...simply procrastinating 
head starting to hurt a little!!! :S still 1 more hour to go!! 
Head Still Hurts Along With My Neck And Back... Great Gma Said Those R All The Symptoms of A Cold in its Beginning Stage... Uugghhh 
Head still hurts! Wish I didn't have uni today 
head surgery 
Had a piece of caramel today. Going to work now til 10pm. No food til then.. 
Had a pleasant evening with her besties. But bleeaak that Rafa is not able 2 play at Wimbledon 
Had a pooey day, and now a pooey night.   I'm ready for this month to be over.
Had a pork hotdog by mistake. Bad times...bad times! 
had a pretty dece night tonight! school tomorrow 
Had a pretty decent workout! I miss sammy 
Had a pretty good time on my trip - beginning and ending were the best.  Then had to come home 
Had a pretty suckey day.    
had a quick bite post movie at the pvr phoenix food court, chinese fare. Disappointing stuff 
had a random yet GREAT weekend! now off to summer school 
Had a rare time in the paddling pool with Small Child today - before I had to go back to work and finish my shift 
Had a rather long sleep i guess, but my eyes still feel tired 
Had a rather unproductive day at school - everyone is planning for next year and I won't be there! 
Had a real upsetting dream that I'm trying to get out of my head 
had a really bad anxiety attack today 
HAD A REALLY BAD DAY 
Had a really bad day .. 
Had a really cool ride today. Slow and chatty; but we still fought hard for the sprint finish. Forgot to turn on the Garmin so no stats. 
Had a really fun day at Ordina Open.. still a little bit in shock about what happened to Marcos..  So sad &amp; scary to see!
Had a really fun few days in Bristol with MarioKart, the camera obscura, the cave over the Avon Gorge, Ramshackle, Nando's etc sad to go 
Had a really good day! Picnic, UP and The Proposal! WHATUP SUMMER! I hate being sick during summer! 
fuccck looks like concession all week 
fuccckkk. deathcabs sold out 
fuck  we dont have the salad dressing i like
fuck ! not again  my throaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat  it's hurting me even I warmed it this morning before singing 
Fuck , i lost my phone   and my sd memory card , SHIT ! (
Fuck 20 minutes to get ready    X.
fuck a babys daddddy someone give me a housee 
Fuck a min late 
FUCK A TRY FOR QLD  comee on NSW
fuck after yesterday, whats the point in chasing after her anymore....for once in my life i guess its just not ment to be 
fuck all of you too.. 
Fuck Apple. My phone was bugging out so I restored it, and now all my cracked IPAs won't sync 
fuck awake at 2 am !  i hate sickness
fuck being sick...can't even give her a kiss goodbye, and not to mention i feel like an old man 
Fuck bio. summer school here i come 
fuck bollocks shit just dropped my fave earrings down the sink  rip earrings been with me since i was 15
fuck clowns 
fuck comcast for updating their on-demand whilst i was in the middle of a movie!!! bastards.. 
FUCK CONICS. When am I ever ever ever going to need to know this, I already took the final. 
fuck downswings   watching RENT with a bottle of wine (sure fire cure all duo).  hopefully that'll turn my night around a bit.
fuck dr rowland. 
fuck dude i just had another nightmare and now i cant fall back asleep. 
Fuck DUIs. DHA&gt; drivin half asleep is not worth damages! 
fuck elora danan are breaking up  too and im missing their last nsw show too  def need to hit up melbs !! someone come with ?
Fuck Email Class 
fuck fedex for ruining my evenings with kt 
Fuck finals this early and losing my math book. 
Fuck fuck another death in the fam  I feel like shit
Fuck fuck fuck 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck  My eye hurts.
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck I got the job that I didn't want and I have to take it 
fuck fuck fuck. lost 2nd round, lost heads up in next 1st round &amp; now playing another 1st round. this week is my last chance 
Fuck fuck fuck. Today is not going good so far. I hope that isn't foreshadowing something 
fuck got late to the game .. no photos 
Fuck he dnt got his charger 
Fuck House Bill # 844. Louisiana sucks some days. 
Fuck i am going nuts due to this exam 
Fuck I do not wanna work 
fuck i don't know what club to join 
Fuck I feel like I could cry right now 
Fuck I hate being at the mall with no money 
FUCK I HATE LIFE Sims 3 won't work on my computer ... i'll have to borrow my dads 
Had a really good time.  I wish I had better lungs so I could dance more than 2 songs in a row 
Had a really great weekend. Glad he got to spend loads of time with @edwardhodges !! Have to back to school tonight though 
had a really long dayy! i'm tired 
Had a really long hard day. 
had a really long night last night and still recoverign today  the weather sucks aswell
Had a really nice night. Work tomorrow 
Had a really really really bad dream. Wow. So glad I woke up! 
had a really really rough nite.... now feeling it! 
had a really weird night last night and misses her friends 
had a really, really strange dream. Want to call M but I'm too proud. If dreams mean anything, he doesn't seem so well and I'm worried. 
Had a redpants yesh moment with rob yesterday!!!he deff knos about the RP movement even though he didn't have them on 
Had a relatively nice wkend, sunshine, whiskey, a new dress, icecream, sunburn, slushies...but got sunburn  boo!x
Had a rly fun night downtown with my girlss!! Gonna miss u anna and Kate while ur in Florida 
had a rumage sale this weekend didn't to to well only made 20 bucks   o well goodwill will be happy
had a sad moment to myself last night, i really miss my old best friend 
had a sad morning with my bff 
Had a scary dream bugs were crawling all over me, therefore, I couldn't sleep!!  sleepy today!!
Head. Pounding. Won't. Stop. 
headacchee 
headache  bad day. not looking foward for tomorrow either. unsure what I want/need. a new life perhaps?
Headache  cleaned all day and think all the cleaning products have given me headache......bad times. Xxx
headache  eating din then going to shays
headache  figuring out my school schedule for registration tomorrow
headache  gnight
headache  going to lay down and watch the o.c.
headache  gunna come off here soonn
headache  hope my day will better tomorrow
Headache  http://yfrog.com/7gowmjj
headache  i still wait my DVD... I need McFly!!!
headache  out shopping for books! phil &amp; lois's house tonight!
headache ! kate lost her phone 
Headache !!!! 
headache &amp; flu 
Headache + Anthropology + work in 2.5 hours = need to be pampered 
Headache + heartburn = 
headache + insomnia, not  a good combo.. 
Headache + sick stomach + achey joints... I hope I won't get completely sick, as I was hoping to see Sheila and mb Samwise tmrw!!! 
Headache = 
headache 4 life.  auuuwts 
headache 9.0.    boo
headache again...ouch  and boo hiss.
headache ahhh 
Headache already.... 
headache AND fever  oh no no no!
headache and hayfever!! why is my body against me?? 
Headache and only 1 Advil in my bag 
Headache and sore legs from exercising  Lovely
Headache at work 
Headache back. 
Headache bad 
headache boo 
Headache bored and wanna go home 
headache coming on  Only got Jack for an hour tomorrow so I am gonna hopefully do website catchup then.
Headache day 
Headache due to not wanting leaveeeeee 
Headache from last night has morphed in to a hangover  and now it's time to drive down the motorway... to Wolverhampton (WHY OH WHY?!)
Headache ftl 
headache headache go away 
headache headache headache !! 
Headache is back! VERY bad now 
Headache is coming on 
Headache is FINALLLY GONE!!!! Thank goodness! But now I can't sleep 
headache is killing me 
headache is killing me, think I've picked up a bug, been feeling odd all day. 
Headache lasting for 2 days 
Headache like no other making me sick.  think I'll take a nap.
headache medicine 
Headache might just knock me out for the night. Should I go to indoor soccer? 9:45 pm kick off 
headache no fun feeling sick is no fun either 
headache now coz this prblem ! am not a rebel mom ! i need fairness ! and it.s not fair for me ! 
headache please go away! 
Headache since Geography 
HeadAche still present. 
fuck i have lost my lens cap 
fuck i missed my 1500th tweet! and i was gonna dedicate it to @HerrCykelpump and all 
fuck i need to wee 
Fuck I really wanna go to that show 
Fuck i ripped my last pair of jeans 
fuck i think i just saw lightening 
FUCK I waited to buy my ticket to see Metric and now it's sold out.  Maybe I'll go anyway and hang out at the door like the cool kids do.
FUCK I wanna go get the cd at the store now 
fuck i wish i wasn't an idiot. 
FUCK IM BOUT TO MAKE A CHATANGO THIS IS GOING TO BE MY SECOND ONE MY OTHER ONE FGOT HACKED 
Fuck i'm dumb this sux so bad  why did i have to leave
fuck im fucked  goodnight,,,,
fuck im not going to see Suarez  i told my sister i was going to her house, if i dont go i'll look bad
Fuck I'm sick! I hope it aint the swine flu 
FUCK I'm so over these earthquakes 
Fuck it  Next !
fuck it  shit car tut...... i'm not watching now 
Fuck it. Should probably get up and sort my life out. This week is going to be tiring but ridiculously productive. Out of snacks though. 
Fuck it....bout to start watching Heroes again....Oh yeah...no more 320GB Hard drive for me anymore. I only have the 500GB now 
fuck its been weeks, and tomorrow my bf leaves. 
Fuck James Wilk. What a dick. 
fuck just found a grey hair in my eyebrow - don't want to turn into alistair darling in negative 
fuck life  nuthin even matters anyway
Fuck man i just broke andreas life  i suck alot haha shit...
Fuck me it's cold, and my bus is 24 mins away 
fUCK ME! tHEY fUCKEd UP MY HAiR!  MY WEEKENd iSZ RUiNd!
Fuck me, I want to die. Earlyyyy 
Fuck microsoft and their piece of shit xbox! 
Fuck missed the first game of the finals tonight! Pittsburgh lost cause I wasnt watching 
Fuck Monopolyyyyyyyyy 
Fuck my fucking life. another blown tire. because i couldn't already not afford to fix my A/C anyway. not to mention my poor white shorts 
fuck my immune system, i'm sick again 
Fuck my life 
Fuck my life   http://yfrog.com/0y7wcvj
Fuck my life I forgot allergy medicine today. I'm dying! 
fuck my life right? got off at 9 last night.clockin in at 5 this morning 
FUCK MY LIFE! Val will kill me if she finds out im till awake. Ugh i wanna sleep 
headache striking. ughh 
headache to the maxxxxxxxxxxx! i dont have time to feel ill 
Headache tonight  time to cuddle up and watch the bachelorette! &lt;3
headache wont go away  2 bottles of wine prob wasnt such a great idea.
Headache won't go away. Feel so icky and nauseous. Smell of food makes tummy go BLEGALDAJDKFDDDUUGGGGHHPHHFF. 
Headache!  siggghhh
Headache! Must be the unbearable heat! 
HeaDachE! Ugh 
headache!!!  I just wanna leave this place, leave my books... and... and feel the life, feel everything!!! I don´t like to be a zombie 
headache!!!! argh! but... i miss him already...  by the way. they broke up. he gave up.
Headache!!!!! 
Headache!tierd!missing my boyfriend @losoway22 I wish he didn't have to work so much 
Headache, again. 
headache, again. just like yesterday 
headache, fever, rain..WTF!?! i officially hate this day..goodnite tweeps 
headache, headache, headache, headache 
Headache, slept 4 16 hrs in a row, never been so weak! Wow aspirin &amp; antibiotics overdose  http://twitpic.com/7jau8 #fb
headache, stomach ache.. whatt the effff 
Headache, tired, stuffy.. 
headache, tummyache... must be the thought of work tomorrow  blurrgh
Headache.  And my legs ache. Gahrgoeygsf
headache.  bad.  
headache.  still considering the bikini merchant business in Iraq...
Headache. Boo. 
Headache. Hopefully not on PC for too long then out and about on job search 
Headache. So. Painful. 
Headache. Way too hot in here. Dreamt at least 3 dreams in last hour. Having trouble opening eyes. Feel numb/heavy. 
Headache.. Already since waking up 2 hours ago.. 
headache....  I feel like I'm never allowed to smile or have fun again, like it would be rude... or just to early? 
Headache.... It WON'T go away 
headache.....ahhhh 
headache....ouchieee 
headache...no bueno 
headache/don't want to work tonight 
headache/in my bad 
headachee from crying earlier ... it sucksss 
Headacheee 
Headacheee  yet I still insist on having Queen playing at full blast.
Headacheeeee 
headacheeeeee 
HEADACHEEEEEE. sun 
Headacheeeeeee 
Headacheeeeeeee 
headaches and Sundays. not a good mix.  http://plurk.com/p/12o92g
HEADACHES are ANNOYING 
headache's are like splinters under my fingernails... at least to me they are 
Headaches suck so much  i havent eatin sense 11
HEADACHES SUCK!!! Especially when you can't them to go away, and damn it...all the motivation I had for today went out the window 
Fuck my life. Everyone hates me. Deleting this Shit 
fuck my life. I am missing my boys right now and it piss me off A LOT and makes me really sad ..  
Fuck my life. I don't have the Internet on my phone what with using Egyptian servers. Looks like nothing from me for two weeks 
Fuck my life. I hate my parents more than anyone in the world. Sorry i couldnt go keale 
Fuck my lyfe... Just fell down these wooden stairs and stubbed two of my little sausages and scraped my back 
fuck my mouths in pain.. lame surjury! goin to Ga. 2morrow.. bluhh bord layin in my bed! i miss my gurl friend! 
fuck my sf 4 disc is cracked and dosnt work 
FUCK MY SISTER. I DOTE HER SO MUCH SHE KEEP BACKSTAB ME. 
fuck no! john and kate are getting divorced. Sugar Honey Iced Tea  i feel so sad and idk why. im so stupid
Fuck not being able to fall asleep 
Fuck off Twitter.  I'm so sick of this #twitterfail.
Fuck off, Rafa.  Broken serving for the set?
Fuck pacsun for not having any smalls in anything  I'm pissed
fuck sake. 49/50 for multiple choice &amp; failed hazard perception by 2 marks. gutted 
fuck saturday night traffic on the bay bridge.. 
fuck school and work...i don't wanna go today  ohh welll
fuck sneezing hurts 
Fuck so a car hit me as I was getting out of a drive way and took off my whole bumper off. 
Fuck Terminator was a let-down 
FUCK the blues lost  y do the maroons have to win! they can die! and the video ref is a fuck wit!!
Fuck the casino 
fuck the gumball rally started in LA on saturday, i wanted to see some crazy cars 
Fuck the hiccups 
fuck the internet annoys me. give me my money back... 
fuck the tonys 
Fuck this dog! 
Fuck this economy. I hate aig and their non loan given asses.
fuck this fucking firewall to fucking hell. I'm so sick of this shit i wanna go home 
Fuck this im tired 
fuck this math homework ugh 
Fuck this Shit! 2 days till prague and I'm feeling a bit sick 
fuck this shit. i feel terrible. i just wanna cuddle up next to him and take a nap. 
Fuck this stupid shit, I don't wanna unpack! I need a slave!! I got too much stuff.. 
Fuck this, I'm restoring, really disappointed with the results 
fuck this...its way too early to get up on a sunday for soccer  back in peterborough
fuck ticketmaster. I HAD 3 FNM tickets for dublin. I go to payment and it messes up. Totally brokenhearted. Wanted to see @roddybottum 
had a shitty day at work...can tomorrow come already please? 
Had a skype session with @smpfilms and then i got the sads, because i miss being at his place! 
Had a slight heart attack. Thanx to Carlos... Gosh!  Alex, control ur twin!!!
had a soccer game and now my ankles hurt again 
Had a somewhat good gym-session with Chels. Having some salad for lunch, and going to the Inn with the ladies later. DK in a month. 
had a stupid fight with the boy... it ended with yelling and hanging up on each other. *sighs* we aren't supposed to go to sleep angry 
had a sudden urge to make semifreddo. cant though   
Had a super long day. Gonna crash right now. Another long day tomorrow 
Had a super realistic/scary dream that NASA's next shuttle mission ended short. (Kaboom). I hope that doesn't happen again! 
Had a suprisingly effective day but have bad ray burn on my wrist 
had a talk w. my mom earlier &amp;let's just say that i'm in some serious trouble for having a horrible gpa. my mom was like &quot;UR IN TROUBLE.&quot; 
Had a terrible panic attack driving home last night - in hospital till 4am then back up to the doctors at 10:30am.... Now back at work 
Had a terrible sleep again last, stress  now feel dazed as I managed to doze for 15 mins
headaches...owwy 
Headaches...Yuck 
headachy day!!  http://plurk.com/p/y66gp
Headdead. 
headed 2 #dollywood. Teenage girl w/ us dad died last year. Sad 
headed 2 the mall wit only 2 bars left 
Headed 2 tulsa 2 my grandpa at st. Johns hospital. He aint doin so good.  TKO_LUV'S_KGC
Headed back home today...  but will be stoked to see my little puppy!! &lt;3
Headed back out into the fields next week. 
Headed back to AZ 
Headed back to Baltimore to return to everyday life. 
Headed back to Harlem.. with the only attitude 
headed back to Missouri today  guess the honeymoon is almost over 
Headed back to Tampa. Had a great time in CO but im going to miss Ceeje. 
Headed back to WKU for a May term class 
Headed back to work for a very very long week. 
Headed bck 2 hburg  but only for 5 more days. I'm doing a countdown!!
Headed for unload location near Chicago. I hear this place is a real nightmare. Hope I don't get any tickets or get in a wreck 
Headed home ... Charlie's at the vet 
Headed home after errands. Sorry I didn't spend time with you @blkjk24! 
Headed home early from badcamp due to exhaustion/crappiness from having wisdom teeth pulled. Sorry to bow out so early.  
Headed home for lunch.  Must abandon my Tweet Deck momentarily.  
Headed home from Indy. It's been a long but spectacular day...excet for my SCALP getting sunburned.  
Headed home n snuggling wit ducky as usual 
Headed home now.. Gotta wake up at 6.30  Catch you all tomo tweeps!
Headed home to check on the #puppycats and take shelter. Kickball cheerleading might be a wash (ha-ha) tonight!  #damnpompoms
had a top night out! but fell up the stairs and cut my knees 
had a very fun night last night. pushed in a pool fully clothed. too many goodbyes, though.  i'll miss those guys.
had a very good night but im definitely suffering this morning, feeling rather fragile 
had a very long but fun day yesterday, but woke up late today! 
had a very long weekend..still feeling tired and stressed. Lambing naman dyan. 
had a very productive day. Tmw is a lazy day but have to work on auctions, plan on cleaning closet.  bleh
had a very strange night making dvds for the funeral of a 41 year old woman.   I need something life-affirming...
had a very unproductive day. Jaws are locked. Last time this happened was 2 years ago. Hope it heals soon 
had a very unsatisfying lunch 
Had a weird Josh dream. Nothing great, just weird. I was pregnant, ready to pop and he refused any part in it 
had a well horrible dream 
Had a wicked 21st on Fri night... time to get to work now, though 
Fuck today 
Fuck today is going to be extra boring i forgot my lap top 
Fuck today! What could actually make it better? 
Fuck twitterbus.com 
Fuck W Riverside Pkwy. Oh. My. God. Finally got Kyle. Now we are going to watch Fallen. Poor Jared  I wuv him
Fuck Wednesday  evrerything sucks
Fuck when i got home from my surgery i passed out and nowr Theres blood all over my pillow 
fuck work. I JUST WANNA WATCH GILMORE GIRLS!!!! 
Fuck work. I miss everyone 
Fuck yeah! Adam's through to the finals! Vote you amazing Americans...although I'm gonna miss Danny 
Fuck yo.. Just fuck.. 
Fuck you jesse... If you were a female you would know who aunt flo is! JERK!!! UGH! 
Fuck you Methistos, taking my gold. 
Fuck you NH, package stores are closed at 8 on Saturday? 
fuck you rock band 2 and your fucking up freezepop songs!! 
Fuck you taco bell for getting rid of the spicy chicken burrito 
Fuck you twitter....I am not one of my friends-you are screwed up   
Fuck you, allergies! I can hardly even hear because of you! 
fuck you, Curves Smart, quit making the gym so hard. 
Fuck you, rashes.  I HATE BEING ALLERGIC TO GRASS. Gah!
Fuck you, youtube! I just fucking owned some cunt with like a 100 word comment and youtube crashed when i clicked 'post'!!! 
fuck! - lost with AA against KK  arrgh!
Fuck!  Stats is a bitch 
FucK! [[Excuse my french]] Having finals....Big Ass Bummer 
Fuck! Anny's laptop totally just turned off. Its being retarded. RIGHT in the middle of uploading chainreaction pics! 
Fuck! Cleaning the house makes time fly! It almost three and I don't even feel like I made a dent! 
had a wicked time in Birmingham last night, thanks to Hayley who got my photo signed by Steve, gutted it was our last show 
Had A Wickeddd Night With Lillie...All Ruined By The Face By My Backk Started Playingg Up  xx Ohh Well Love Youu Girll xx 8 Days Onlyy
Had a wkd night at Bar Six-T-Nine, but wishes he could pull like he used to. Too fat now 
Had a wonderful evening with Dad and @iamcandygirl. A perfect way to usher in Dad's birthday tomorrow. Got a really tough week ahead. 
had a wonderful japanese meal! yum yum... tonight, have to write thesis  but i wanna watch my blueberrys night... booo! xxx
had a wonderful night but woke up and realized that it's Father's day today and I can't phone my Dad.Feeling a lot of sadness in my heart 
Had a wonderful weekend with my brother. I'm tired now... going zzzzz.... need to go to work tomorrow 
had a wonderful, memorable graduation! but...a horrible dining experience at olive garden! 
Had a workout now i feel very sick 
Had a YUMMY dinner...grilled chicken salad...mmmmmmmm...unfortunately not as excited about doing the dishes that FANTASTIC dinner created 
Headed home, dad duty tonight. Might take the kids to the course again. Although my boys took me for $11 last night in a chipping contest 
Headed home, really have to use the bathroom!!!!! Beer is no good for me 
Headed home.. Blehh my eyes feel like they're filled with grass...I'm allergic to grass 
Headed into work. I sure do wish I could sing for a living. 
Headed off to church then the infamous P-Town for a concert! sorry Jarred that you can't make it 
headed out for a drive with Josh and then some lunch.  He wants Burger King because of the toys...how sad is that?  I'll skip that food! 
Headed out to do an I Made It Market in Pittsburgh!  Last one I will be able to do because I need to work on Saturdays 
Headed out to Piestewa today for some hiking/photographing...whenever Bill wakes up!  I can't seem to sleep in past 6am any more.  
headed to an open house and i cant drink any of the drinks bc i have work right after 
Headed to AT&amp;T to get my new iPhone 3GS! Then to work I must go 
Headed to bar review class...I missed yesterday so I got some catching up to do 
Headed to bed and then headed to DFW. Too bad I'm not getting any further than an airport hotel.  Catch ya on the flip side!
Headed to bed, gotta work all day tomorrow I don't feel too well! 
FUCK! FUCK FUCK FUCK!  
Fuck! I didn't know the Freemont Solstice Parade was today!!    http://is.gd/17EM2
FUCK! i dunno where the spider went in my room  fuckfuckfuck!
FUCK! i forgot potato chips at the store  #whereisjoeymcintyre
Fuck! I forgot to say iced... This is depressing 
fuck! i hate streaming seasons of shows online. got to an awesome part then it said ive watched 72 minutes must wait 54 more to continue. 
Fuck! I hate uniwork! now I have to catch up with all the NEWS!  brb 20h
Fuck! I just found out it was a fling after all  stupid asshole leading me on like this. Well two can play this game u hear me stupid ass
fuck! I meant to send a picture from my phone but accidentally deleted it! 
Fuck! It's freezing out! 
fuck! its11:41 , i have to get ready and clean my room before everyone gets here at ONE!! ahhh 
Fuck! just hit my shin really hard on corner of bed frame. it hurt. gonna have a huge bruise/bump and my bridesmaid dress is above knee 
Fuck! Len Wein's house caught fire earlier today. The family is safe, but they lost their dog. 
Fuck! My throat hurts.  I really hope Kerri didn't give me her tonsilitus (or however the hell it's spelt lol)
Fuck! Ozzie just took Floyd out and put Dotel in *sigh* we lost 
FUCK! PEARL JAM FINALLY SOLD OUT  http://www.nowtoronto.com/daily/story.cfm?content=169714
fuck! SG is down. 
FUCK! summer school in 3 days... some break  
Fuck! This day is not going my way. Just spilled a LOT of water over the floor 
Fuck! This is so not what I needed this morning 
fuck!!! I really struggled with 10 miles today  it is noted that i over indulged on @maximopark frenzy week and you could tell!!
FUCK!!!!!! I really like that Rick Ross and Dream song agh! I'm a lame 
fuck!fuck!fahhk. hmmm..my tummy hurts. 
Fuck, (re)fuck et (mega)fuck  Supermega FAIL pour ma pomme 
fuck, 11.06 
Fuck, an old man just coughed in my hair! 
Fuck, been looking for my keys for the last 4 hours to no avail. I don't have a spare car key 
fuck, dad has taken a funny turn and is being taken to hospital again. he is in Norway ATM... ugh i'm going to hurl 
Fuck, fuck, fuck  It's done 
fuck, I don't like being unemployed! 
Fuck, i just fell at work. 
Fuck, i just want to be with my babe 
fuck, i just woke up and its like 10 :19 
FUCK, I knew I should have trusted my instinxct FUCK now my daughter is hurting 
Fuck, Im a bad friend 
fuck, i'm far too sick!  going to lie down..again! gheyyy!
fuck, i'm really gonna miss him. 
Fuck, I'm stressing out right now! I have so much shit to do! 
Fuck, I've neglected my twitter 
fuck, just realised im 26 in 21 days. 
headed to borders for magazines, books and coffee...this is what passes for a intresting saturday night for a one legged gimp 
Headed to Broken Arrow to watch Dave's lil sisters softball game! Cheddars for dinner after! Gonna be a long drive home though 
Headed to cabana minus Mica 
Headed to church with the fam. Ashamed to say how long it's been. 
Headed to class... On a friday 
headed to david's bridal with my homies. i wish i had not committed to the jew'ry party. i could still be poolside 
Headed to Domi's house to cuddle up and watch &quot;The Fall&quot; I need to be taken care so tired and sick still 
Headed to eastside medical for my grandmothers surgery.. 
Headed to ER. They probably won't do anything 
headed to freakin crave cause my favorite bartender was not @ tempo 
headed to gym... then workin on my tan at the pool!! work at 630 
Headed to hotel to pick up Chez and his Fiance. They leave around 6pm today 
Headed to job number three of the day, kohl's! Yay for late shifts 
Headed to lunch wit tha girls...Yay! Gotta get up b4 I leave tomorrow 
Headed to MEPS now... Almost time to go to Missouri 
headed to my sisters good-bye party 
Headed to NHC without Les and Carol 
Headed to school @kennesawstate Teacher has skipped over the Reformation in world history.  How one can push that aside I do not know.
Had about 7 nightmares last night. 
Had afternoon off. Picked daughter up from school after GCSE exams, been for a run - now the afternoon seems to be over!! 
Had almost a 2 hour nap. Still tired but feel a bit better. If I had money I would go out. But I am on broke status 
Had alot of fun at dinner. A lil bit of drama, sorry @hnsmith18 
had am orthodonist appointment today-my teeth hurts so much 
Had amazing seats at the Jays game today -ten rows up and right behind home plate! But the beautiful weather resulted in an angry sunburn 
had an allergic reaction, I am going home to take a nap 
had an almost perfect day. 
Had an amazing dinner with a really old girlfriend of mine. Can't believe we let five yrs slip by 
had an amazing night last night and wished she wouldn't have gotten so close to people so late in the year 
had an amazing night last night but has some difficult decisions to make 
Had an amazing night! About to pass out hard core! Not too thrilled about waking up and cleaning in the morning 
had an amazing time at CMA Fest. I definitely want to go again next year! Enjoying Nashville for 1 more day... 
Fuck, lost agin, 5 in a row 
fuck, man, how has it been a year? i miss you like fuck ricky 
fuck, my hair dryer has just dyed...Not cool.. 
fuck, need to go to the tailor! freakin storm outside 
Fuck, now down by 24 with 966 seconds.  It's over 
Fuck, sourceforge is offline 
Fuck, this battery is dying faster than the hype surrounding Ciara's album 
Fuck, this is so fucked up on so many different levels. I don't know what to do.  I don't think I can do anything at this moment. 
Fuck, we find out today  I really don't want to know. All my feelings of nervousness are back 
FUCK. a bird just pooped on me 
Fuck. Another funeral. 
FUCK. Bad cramps. Definitely hate it. Hate it. HAAAAAAAATE IT 
FUCK. Charon, my router/firewall/fileserver arch box, has díed. Not a single beep. I presume it's the memory but idk  damn damn damn
fuck. Flooded house. All gone. 
fuck. fuuuuuuck. 
fuck. i can;t get into the chat with short stack. motherfucking internet 
Fuck. I don't want to go to work. I should still be in bed with godsolite. 
Fuck. I hate burning the roof of my mouth 
Fuck. I just wanna sleep, swim practice 
Fuck. Im super worried about this show @ owen park Friday.. Its a family show, and I don't think they realized I'm not famly friendly.. 
Fuck. Margaret is leaving The Apprentice. Typical. I write a new gag &amp; an existing one is rendered useless 
Fuck. Nevermind then  It was gonna be a henna one
fuck. not going to the beach anymore 
Fuck. Now I work 12-6 
FUCK. Starting to think I only recorded the pre-show. 
Fuck. They are here. 
fuck. this. paper. 
Fuck. We definitely need a new bed. My back and neck are killing me. 
Fuck. Worst dream ever. Dream hangover. 
Fuck. Xbox Live went out due to maintenance. There goes Netflix for the day.  It's a good thing I have other means of watching Dexter.
Fuck.. cheesy ass movie gave me many sleepless nights back in the day. 
FUCK.. Still can't sleep 
Fuck... I'm super confused and drunk. How will i ever find my way home? 
FUCK....I CAN'T SLEEP 
Fuck...my green/mint colred gabardine slacks were eaten by moths or something...they look like swiss cheese 
FUCK:  NOOO!! When it was Good, by Flipsyde is addicting, i swear I have listened to it 50+ times! This is not good, this what they want! 
Fuckadoodle-do, my arm hurts today 
Fucked  up my knee during the 7 mile run 
Fucked by $POT  Shouldn't have bought at $110... at least those shorts are worthless so I don't need to BTC... but damn...
fucked up biigg time 
Fucked up my leg playing softball! owwwwwwww.... 
Fucked up the whole day like always 
fucken headache. 
Fucken sick  need one of those muffins @Ashmeee spoke about
Fucken stupid teacher wont hand out the finals already! Imma forget everything  ah ah ah
fucken tired! spendin the night at bridgette's on her bed, by myself  oh well.
FUCKERRRRRRRRRR i have a math test today and im sooooooooooooo not ready for it and  i dont understand math and i hate it and its stupid. 
Fuckers  I hate living by myself. I'm so paranoid by all these movies we're watching!!!!
fuckery. i lost my zune 
FUCKFUCKFUCK   why does FTP NEVER WORK! fuck lionel 
Fuckin amelia and her cats making me sneeze all over the place and itch to 
fuckin awake n nones online 
Fuckin bored 
fuckin' bored 
Fuckin clouds ruining my beach day 
fuckin cold 
Fuckin earthquake fucked shit up in my house 
Fuckin' great end to a weekend no gig on Wednesday 
Fuckin' inventory....it breaks my back 
fuckin pissed. my screen is cracked.  shiiiiiiiittttt.
fuckin restaurant next to my flat,i'm getting hungry cause the steaks smelling so good... 
Fuckin Rez hits 
FUCKIN SAD 
fuckin' sad...   
Fuckin Shit Man I cant Find My Lyric Book 
fuckin' shit!  i have to find a roommate now.  
fuckin slept through saturday night! GRRR; really wanted to party 
fucking #mangento...make me in trouble 
Fucking air bed popped a big ass hole. Can't get it repaired/replaced tonight, too late to go back to Wendy's place. Argh. 
Fucking bank charges, ruining my credit, ok so I have 3k for a whip. No astra 
Fucking bored. Chillin at school.  last closed weekend
Fucking bus broke down.  should have gotten on green
fucking cavssss.... this was supposed to be the year.  bedtime. work at 6:30.
Fucking computers gone nuts. And whacking it hurt my hand 
fucking cramps  how can i make them go away?? help!!!
Fucking cramps. Pissed off because bad cramps = no workout for me 
Fucking cunt dick. &gt; My latest adventure to make something working &quot;better&quot; turned into me breaking it. Now I cant cool down cos... 
Fucking depressed now 
fucking dryer is not working at the new place. it turns on, but doesnt dry anything.  im starting to get sick of this place already, 
fucking exhausted and a little annoyed tbh. 
Fucking Facebook! SO almost got to at least watch the final without knowing the result. I hate not having actual Tv. 
fucking flute recital! 
Fucking foot!!! Hurts so much, and nothing I do will make it better 
fucking geography essay 
Fucking god fucking damn mother fucking piece of shit. My computer just randomly turned off, can't find a reason for why. Lost work 
headed to sleep... story of my life  gnite world....
Headed to StoneyRiver for the last supper w/Andrew.   *Nikki*
Headed to take Andie to the doctor!! 
Headed to the airport 
Headed to the airport with hubby.  I will miss him! 
headed to the beach in less that 8 hours!  Yah!  Doesn't make slicing half of my pinky toe off hurt any less though 
headed to the city for the nite.. court in the mornin  pray they don't take me away!!
Headed to the good old town of West Liberty...chicken feathers everywhere, kinda sad 
headed to the gym. toning and running day, my LEAST favorite 
Headed to the hootie to work a double....ugh 
Headed to the mall...I LOATHE shopping, esp when I am THIS tired 
Headed to the museum with 3 kiddos, yelle, toubab, and the new pornagraphers... And a few thousand slow driving cubs fans 
Headed to work  But so ready for some smothered burritos!
Headed to work  no longer carrying any twilight books cuz I finished the twilight series...  bring on the movies...
Headed to work at 7.30 am-85 degrees. Headed home at 4.30 pm-95 degrees. Still too hot and humid to walk 
Headed to work for the week! Gonna miss my girls 
Headed to work. 
Headed to work.     @Kellyt22 &amp; @nicolemcafee dont forget about me!!!
Headed to work. @WABB said it's going to rain today. 
Headed to work. Its rainy and forecast says storms today/tomorrow 
Headed to Yonkers be back later tonight 
FUCKING HATE MEN! im so never getting married! my dad is mean my brothers are mean, i wish my mom did not die  -watching er-
Fucking hate my life 
fucking hates goodbyes 
Fucking hates it when it won't upload my pictures to twitpic 
Fucking heaDACHE 
Fucking headache ttm, and I can't seem to be sleeping though I got home close to 5 yesterday.  - http://tweet.sg
fucking hell, i just wanna go out  SILLY BONES.
fucking hell, my work laptop is crawling. fscking 4 year replacement rule. BASTARD! whoever said &quot;1.5gb/60gb is enough&quot; didnt run vmware! 
fucking hot today at school 
fucking internet is so slow! i got shit to do! i wanna go to bed 
Fucking Jay, bitch seat 
Fucking lost my first game...  
fucking low self esteem  ♫ http://blip.fm/~8akbu
Fucking migraine! No music making today 
fucking missed flawless 
fucking oath i cant tweet to much otherwise my phone will go flat and ill miss my shit stack call, 
fucking over everything; studying, stress, boredom, sickness, headache, coldness, crappy music, hair being a pain and causing problems 
Fucking over slept again.. Ryan's going to be sad &amp; alone at school and finals start today and i'm missing it.. FML!  *I&lt;3Ryan4-ever*
Fucking phone!!! I'm lonely 
Fucking pouring 
Fucking rain outside  ...
Fucking Rain! 
Fucking shit... i miss the bus and be late at the theater and can't get in... shit... tomorrow my beauty to see u on stage 
fucking sick  and game tonight to top it all offf
Fucking sleepy at work. Fuck work. I miss jeff and santacruz 
fucking sore throat 
fucking statistics exam again, fuck! 
fucking today blows 
fucking tony hawk and call of duty 4-2! i missed dinner 4 this shit? wtf is wrong with me?  #e3
Fucking twitter I hate youu  xd
Fucking virus on my computer meant NO work was done last night  However, I did beat @ilmv (ben) at Wii bowling! 
Fucking wackest shit I've been to in my life. I need someone to call 
Fucking way bummed i didnt get to go to EDC Denver this past weekend  cant win em all...
Fucking weather. A day off and it rains so much that I can't go out. 
fucking wish ellen was on tonight 
fucking work. i made �10 yesterday, for a full days graft 
fucking worst headache ever. 
Fucking, shit. I AM NOT USED TO DYING FOR NO REASON. I don't even have any cold symptoms except the worst headache ever. Jfc. 
fuckinn bored. need sleep. arghh. life sucksss!  needing summer.
Fuckit. Tix to JKimmel's show were sold out until the 23rd when we're no longer here 
Headed WAY out to the country for a get-together this afternoon. Too bad it's raining... 
Headig to Isaac's. Still no 3.0  Also, #squarespace.
Headiinq 2 skewl.  I qott 2 damn reqentsz todayy
Headin 2 wrk a lil early t0day...my b0ss kalled me 2 c0me in n I juss wanted t0 stay in my bed!!!  ....m0ney is m0ney th0 
Headin back to PC! 
headin down to arkansas tomorrow for father-day weekend; however, no iphone this trip down as previous thought 
headin home wander what to do with myself since i am newly single.  guess imma go to bed early 
Headin home...Refreshed my mind and soul justa lil bit...Bac to reality. 
Headin' over to my current/old house to do some yard work. Not really looking forward to it, which sucks  ...want to get normal again.
headin to bed. i stayed up wayyy to late and got cranky. Sorry guys 
Headin' to Sharkies tonight!  But sadly can't drink too much 
headin to spain in 4 hours !!! so xcited ... il miss u twitter  ... but il be back soo haha
headin' to tha airport in half 
Headin to the bank. 
Headin to the ER with Cam. He is so miserable right now and warm. Prayin its not the swine flu. 
headin to the gyno. my mom keeps making fun of my shorts 
Headin to Waikiki to scoop up the ladies...unfortunately its time they leave this island! 
heading away from beach now  And now stuck in traffic with everyone else trying to leave!
Heading back from break. Drank a Zero Carb Rockstar, no food... 
had an amazing weekend! Now off to bed.. long week ahead of me ugh 
Had an amazing workout, but there is nothing I hate more than running 
had an assessment for a new job with PSC today, crap I think I bombed 
Had an awesome day,  &amp; also ; Why are sephora and forever21 taking so long to open  !
had an awesome day. I'm gonna miss choir so much 
had an awesome night but now feels down again, don't know why 
Had an awesome night, thanks to those that came out. And thanks to those who got their faces beat in at TF2 for the last hour or so 
had an awesome sleep yet is still a bit sleepy, and has work at four 
had an awesome study session today!  work allllll day tomorrow 
Had an AWESOME time. I hate I had to leave earlier 
had an awesome weekend wit Joh but now he's gone again 
had an awesome weekend!! but all good things come to an end... 
had an awesome weekend...hello monday morning 
had an awful exam today!  .... most of the questions were out of syllabus!! #wtf #wbut
Had an awsome weekend !!! Now bored at work! 
Had an easy ride today in the rain. Back still hurts but my legs feel good philly will be interesting. Leaving the host house tomorrow 
had an emotional breakdown tonight. Couldn't stop crying. Eyes are swollen.Not coping very well.  Missing my Dad so much..so much sadness.
had an eventful time but now feels sad  maybe it's lack of sleep
had an excellent time at Ross Noble, the man is an abslute GENIUS! Havent laughed so hard in ages. Now to bed since I have work early 
had an good weekend, played an lot of WoW and then both my pc's died on me. 1 lost it's PSU or MB and the other the system f**ked up 
Had an idea that the daughters gave my husband a Father's day present. But I forgot it totally. How silly I am 
Had an injection today. Not fun  the rrst of the school day has been good. Tonight i am going dancing yey 
Had an interesting conversation with one of the professors I work for about how Da Vinci Code sucks...
Had an interesting sunday afternoon at the Hua pub with her bogans and fav lesbian  Bye jt have fun in the southlands  X
Had an ok time a Justin's, now can't sleep, didn't get to drink enough, instead drunk too much coke w/o Vodka 
HAD AN OKAY DAY  16th Birthday in 5 days .... and hangin with friends! Text or Message me!
had an unpleasant past 20 hours hiding in the dark under blankets in bed... alone. 
had another awesome weekend in vegas! time to leave 
Had another bad night, though got about 6 hours sleep. Feelz dizzy 
had another banana smoothie off with the HMs, I didn't win nor lose, but now, 3x later, feeling incredibly sick 
Had another flat tire today. Got it changed myself. Now a steak dinner outside at a church fair. I miss air conditioning and my kitty. 
had another lonely train ride. even sadder when the train stopped at his stop and he wasnt there to say bye to him at that stop. 
Had another Stupid test 2day   I hate them it was writing omg!!!! i wrote 3pages 1 about Eve(My mate u rock!) and other about sweets....
Had another super busy day. I miss you twits  Hopefully tomorrow will be better!!!
had awesome fun at practice... tomorrow it's time to work on my car 
Had AWESOMELY good BBQ yesterday. Today it's back to work and windy weather. And the dentist later on 
Had bad news about my mum last night -she has had a mild heart attack.  But in good hands &amp; Dad says she's doing really well. What a shock
Had band rehearsals this evening, all went relatively okay! Drummer could be missing for our upcoming gig though, bad times 
had been using a huge (1990's) monitor. began using a flat 15&quot; today now my eyes hurt sooo bad! need glasses 
had bfast on santa monica and saw the cutest Puggle...made me miss Kenzie  Just preppin for these events tonight @ AREA !! xoxo
Had birthday cake with Summer ... feel sick now 
Had BK and it wasn't the greatest! Opting for a whopper next time! 
had boring arthritus causing exam. then only had like 2 minutes to see my year 10 chums which isnt enough time &amp; my bike got stolen so 
Had braces on for almost four years and if I want my teeth to be straight, I'd need probably another two. Drake Ortho screwed me over. 
Had break... Now back in lesson... Maths 
Had breakfast, baths r done, laundrys in now what to do....? Thought about taking kids to zoo but looks like it's gonna rain. 
Had brilliant afternoon with friends, BBQ, game of rounders,  drinks and sunshine. Feels like summer holidays not end of half term 
had cat talks with ili just now. i'm missing my dudes already! kiki and kecik come back home soon!! 
Had cheese on toast for breakfast for the first time in ages! Consequently feeling rather ill. 
Had Chicken Rice. Mmm. I dread to go for my tuition later. 
Had chipotle for lunch... better start studying for my final at 10am tomo 
Had community service today, pretty gay ayhe and tomorrow my arse of a friend ryo is joining me 
had CT scan and it was not good    The cancer is back and now I have no more options....
Had dinner in Delfino. Almost nothing vegan there, pizza contains milk, cooked vegetables contain butter  Had fries and an enormous salad.
Had dinner last night at a great place in West Van (Vip's kitchen) but I'm a bad food blogger...forgot my camera. 
Had dinner of penne carbonara on rosemary pizza breadbowl and spicy chicken buffalo wings.That was just way too much!! It has to stop!!!! 
Heading back from Miami today 
Heading back home from Six Flags- without my Camera 
heading back north to iowa 
heading back to az today. guess i gotta listen on the radio for the game  oh well, better than no game at all. LETS GO LAKERS!!!
Heading back to Baltimore area for 1 more meeting.  Hopefully I'll get home early enough to get in some pool time. It's so nice out!
Heading back to Baton Rouge... Totally stuck in traffic. 
Heading back to bed 100% certain someone'll ring &amp; wake me up 
Heading back to champaign 
Heading back to D.C. this evening. I miss Chicago already! 
Heading back to durham...back t school  2nd tweet in a week I'm gettin better LOL
Heading back to quantico 
Heading back to reality  feel better pops!!!
Heading back to SAT after great weekend with family 
Heading back to school later today 
Heading back to the world of no internet. 
Heading back to Vegas 
Heading back to work. No matter when I cross the Lions Gate Bridge, it's always one lane in the direction I'm headed.  
Heading back today!  this weekend has taught me that i need my black and spanish friends back badly 
Heading down to Atlanta. Don't have time to go, but I have no choice. 
Heading down to Jersey city why? Cause i can thats why  hate it
heading downstairs for my boss's retirement party! I can't believe she is leaving next week 
Heading for Alabama Sunday, I'm so tired 
Had dinner with my favorite &quot;old&quot; lady friend tonight! Man she can make a good cobbler. Too bad cooking is becoming a lost art. 
had dinner with tim. we wanted chinese but i was too sketched out so burgers instead. on the way home i ran a red light  i didnt see it
had dream about that guy again 
Had enough of revision for one day - done 8 sides of A4 notes on gender representation in magazines. Dull dull dull. No sign of tan lines 
Had enough of work   I wanna go out where my boys?
had few bumps on the head at the gym..  so far, not passing out yet... Not sure bout tomorrow... 
Had forgotton how much of a pain in the backside it is when ur car goes tech  blasted busses!!
had four teeth out wednesday having another 6 out tomorrow 
had fun at dinner with @keva_miller and @inblutime but that hurricane drink gave me a headache 
had fun at Maliya's party. Mad I missed the game though  Heard LeBron took that (L). R.I.P  Muppets, hellooo Dwight baby ;)
had fun at the car show with Steve and Marc. Only two mini coopers though! 
had fun at the Cards game...even though they lost 
Had fun at the graduation ceremony... I'm gonna miss everyone I know...   CLASS OF '09!!!!!!
had fun at the hootenanny...then stupid girls and jerks fucked it all up 
Had fun at the party tonight! Missing him. 
had FUN at the waterpark but when mom came to pick us up she left my dog in the house and he threw up on everything. blahhh 
Had fun at youth tonight it was great. So tired now and ready to sleep. Oh and poor Rose got pranked. 
had fun but at the Gwen Steffie show but is sad about the lack of azns! 
had fun chasing the real radio renegade yesterday..even though i couldnt get out of the car with my wet hair 
had fun in the sun today... but got burnt 
had fun last night, unfortunately i'm feelin it this morning.    and bubbles is passed out on the couch ahaha
Had fun seeing people but am heartbroken that Startime closed! Thats even more upsetting then the CiCi's becoming a Mexican buffet! 
Had fun talking to @alianaflo15 ! Daymn. I miss 1-1. 
had fun today off to summer school i go 
had fun tonight ^^ make up, pillow fights and skins. wish i could have stayed over 
had fun wit my buds last nite...we watched new season of SLAT (!) and Jon &amp; Kate Plus Eight  WE LOVE THAT SHOW!!! good luck Gosselins ♥
Had fun with friends at the Family Fun Center.  Ayumi's leaving soon.. 
had fun with gayle but is incredibly pissed at dan's dad 
Had fun with Rebekah today now to finish packing 
had fun with the Sims 3, sadly had to part ways. Hoping it won't rain so much tomorrow 
Had fun woth the girls. goin home 
had good dinner less of a headache but had a little cry when my man got home all very fragile it's rubbish  x
Had hard time in gym this morning, after 3 weeks absence 
had headache this morning and puked..starting to have a bad day 
had her maths and dt GCSE yesterday  now revision for chemistry? hmm
HAD HICCUPS SINCE 4PM. STILL DOING SHAKESPEARE ESSAY. NIGHTMARE! 
had his last shift in topman  x
Had horrible dream in which one of The Sats died :|  The first dream I've had about them that I properly remember and it's that terrible!!
Had interesting dream last night. Could turn into a hawk. Feet working like hands but sharp, flying, it all seemed normal. I want it back 
had just accidentally closed her Facebook page  http://plurk.com/p/xvfg1
Had letter from solicitor. 1 problem sorted, 3 more arisen  Should know more in a few days. Woke up feeling hopeful, now feeling blue.
Had like the worst morning today smh UGH 
had lots and lots of fun at Take That again tonight but doesn't think this bus is going to get her home any time soon  hmmm....
had lots of fun on the rides today.. but now we all feel sick.. 
had lots of people start following my tweets while I was away... now they're gone... strange. I'll never get to know them 
Fuckk it...I am done...Biggest final ever tomorrow at 6 in the morning  i need all the luck i can get.
Fuckkk make it go away already! 
fuckkk this sucks. 
fuckkkk, oovoo doesn't like me 
Fuckkkkkk,, chanda works until eleven on saturday 
Fuckloads of work   http://twitpic.com/5f3oe
Fuckn-a plan A, B, C and now D have all fell through.. Awesome 
fucknn summer skool starts tomorrow  whaat to eat.. must hit walmart tanite.. susans thirsty butt is comin over tanitee.
Fuck's sake, our cold water tap keeps going mental! 
Fuck's sake. Why can't A Day To Remember come to Belfast? 
Fucktard with NO insurance just hit my car IN MY DRIVEWAY!!! I now dislike everyone from North Carolina. Sorry if anyone cool lives there 
fudding hell, surprise news from Fighting With Wire is genuinely surprising...bit shocked, and sad...was so looking forward to their set 
fudge is driving me mental! she won't leave my feet alone 
Fudge is lot better and less stressed, but I'm still worrying about him.   He's not eaten at all so far today 
Fudge!!!!!!!! Fp2 was a stupid paper!!!! My nose bled half way through the paper  that sucks.
FUDGE!!!!!!!.....forgot about my car 
Fudge. I need food more than shia labeouf. guess this means no transformers 
fudge....too many downs not enough ups 
fudgesicles. am really sick 
fudgey poo. not happy 
Fuel Leak Again Postpones Launch of Space Shuttle Endeavour 
Fui al carrefour sin @soysabi 
Fujifilm Quick Snap Underwater camera, only 170 IDR, wow ! i want it ! but dont have money 
fuk fuk fuk forgot my ted baker vouchers again  ragin
fukin hate when I quote a job and get it and know I was too cheap - like puts a damper on doing it 
Fukin hell this stupid weather caused a 3rd cancelation of a ping pong party this week! It is just not ment to be 
fukk I don't wanna clean my room 
FUKK!!! JUST realized i missed the Hills season finale!!!!!!! Didn't even know there was one since i've missed the last 2 weeks! 
full circle 
Full day in meetings, again! 
full goce con Asterix &amp; Obelix XXL2, con licencia hasta el lunes 
Full house, no video games for me 
Full mooon, I'm loving the clouds but missing the stars 
full of cold again and been awake since 2am im so tierd  x
full of cols still 
full of energy and nothing to do... it's like being all ready and having nowhere to go.....  
Full of energy and nowhere to go but home 
Full of fear right now. 
Full of fudgecake 
full of salad;;photoshoot then work then staying up all night to write a research paper 
full of the cold  http://titchhh.wordpress.com/ x
full of the shitty cold. 
Full on hayfever has finally kicked in...Reaching for pills, inhaler and tissues 
Full owning at crazy taxi on Facebook. It's gangster  as! I wish my car could jump 
Full with bakwan jagung since last night, is there any proper food around me these days? Nasib anak kos 
full.. going to read! and sleep! and eat some more! and just sleep some more! then homework! 
full.... i probably shouldn't eat out so much or have late dinner...... 
full...dunno what im gonna to do till 5 
fully connected ... miss the time of billiard tables and beer 
fuming over ebay purchase gone bad. outta $45 and have nothing to show for it  %$&amp;! 
Fun 35 mi ride this morning, not too windy. Sad to hear F. Schleck crashed but thank goodness he's okay!  Andy finished 10th, next yr...
Fun at The Bower today. Tho all those things that were on the to-practice list never quite came together   There's always next time!
fun day with mommy. bed then out for breakfast with sarah and niki, but sadly no julie 
fun day.. but now sick to my stomach 
fun dreaming. I'm off to bed an hour later than I told myself 
Fun game of 'Candamir' with the kids last night. Can't believe it's now our last day 
Fun girl group wanted me to come out tonight.  Really want to, but am exhausted from packing my house and still have tons to do. 
fun lunch w/ @abbyesther &amp; great day w/ @destinyjoyful fam, but hour ago got pain in legs  &amp; travel issues w/ ry (who is being nice now)
Fun morning getting new servers into racks (with a helper this time!). Afternoon less fun, writing up documentation. Still 4 hours to go 
Fun night now its time to get ready for this work week 
Fun night with Bford fam, but my first night in a LONG time not sleeping next to him 
fun playing Yoville and playfish in facebook but still i dont know how to play mafia wars and street racing. really tough! 
fun times were had in clumber im very burnt now 
fun weekend wit the girls &lt;3 so tireddd sunday night blues 
funeral all day 
Funeral ceremony...gloomy friday... 
Funeral today for Blake Kurtz  cancer is yucky!
Funerals are so hard! 
funerals are so hard, especially when it's someone so close to you like your dad, i only got to spend 15 years with him. i cant do this 
Funerals don't get any better, no matter how many you've been to... 
Fungus in your palm treatment, woke up with itchy and red eye  eeyyyuuuhh
funn day. really tired, going to bed. homework day tomorrow 
funnest day/night at @epicsarah's &lt;3 work tomorrow 10-4 
funny day with @kirstylaa i fell sick now though 
Funny donna &amp; no i didn't, so bored &amp; my eyes r blury so its hard 2 read im sick  dont get sick often so when i do its real bad ily all xo
Funny having a salad at a wawa listening to 104.5 and i'm not in Philly  those were good days...
funny how incomplete you can feel when your ipod goes missing.  Oh where oh where has my little one gone?!
Had lunch at a Japanese sushi restaurant &amp; I ordered in Japanese as I usually do in sushi places. Cambodian waitress didn't have a clue 
Had lunch w/ @magnifuse, @cherrycolamaus, @put3_anissa, @lynnyz, @inazek &amp; TJ @ The Curve. Sorry I had to leave so early 
had ma cheeeeeese, now i want a bacon and cheese melt  i hate mondays! infact i hate everyday lol
had maths exam this morning booo  most of the things i revised hard for wasnt even on there!!!
had migraine for the past 6 hours  
had money stolen from my table on our deck last night. about $10. u gotta get to those outside tables to get ur tip fast. people steal. 
Had monster hiccups twice today. Just went to yawn and hiccup-burped at the same time, now I have both major hiccups and a stomach ache 
had my alarm set for 10.30 but stupid house fone rang at before half nine and woke me and couldnt get back to sleep 
Had my chips @ salsa taken away by my girl. 
Had my credit card number stolen 
Had my cute gypsy earrings on but they were bothering me  had to take em out.
Had my daily caramel latte, off to subwayyy &amp; to see if i've somehow been paid a day early  lolll
Had my first cancellation for Friday. Lets hope there's not anymore 
Had my first day of work today. Pretty good. Now I have to read for my first day of nursing classes tomorrow! I am so tired! 
had my first roadkill today. sorry, momma pheasant 
Had my first sexual Tranny experience last night, was what i expected and don't know how to feel. 
heading home  i want to stay!
heading home  yesterday was soo funn ;)
Heading home for a girly night with Chris.  Harry Potter ice cream and pizza.  i miss my boy though 
Heading home from Branson. The weekend is officially over  ~Emily~
Heading home from oklahoma . Left the family behind 
Heading home from Sacramento.  Will continue writing the WIndows Server 2008 R2 Unleashed book over the weekend.  Sigh  #windows
heading home from sunny tampa.  i wish i could stay in tampa forever...
Heading home from the beach...  
Heading home from work..On the trax line  haha damn I need a car
Heading home later today 
Heading home to Geelong peeps... Have to work tomorrow... 
Heading home to pack @billwofford up so he can leave again 
heading home to unpack a few more boxes. Yuck 
Heading home with baby spit up on my clothes but I wouldn't have it any other way. I miss my nieces and nephew already 
Heading home, alittle drunk, poor JJ 
Heading home. Don't forget about #TechLunchSouth tomorrow. @jguadagno I hate to cancel last minute, but something popped up 
Heading home. Food then bed. My sister leaves in a.m. 
Heading home. I can't believe it's only 1 ammm. I don't really wanna go homeee.  Since when does everyone go to bed earlyyy.
Heading home. I have a nasty headache 
Heading home...   
heading home... its still early 
Heading homeee. 
heading hommmmeeee 
Heading in 2 troubleshoot 4 my students @ the college campuses...I haven't had breakfast though 
Heading in to work on a Saturday 
Heading in to work, this is gonna be a crazy day! 3 people will be out 
had my frapaccino! wooo CHOCOLATE CREAM, now i guess its  bk to revision  loool
had my fun this weekend...now its paper time 
Had my hair cut and wanting to go the shops but it's pissing down  Where is an umbrella when you need one ??? Rihanna ??
Had my hair done yesterday, and hunny took me out to Osteria in Palo Alto to show off. Gnocchi was so steamy - melted hairdo on the spot. 
had my last day at the kitty shelter 
had my last day of lab... 
Had my last meal at Ithaca Ale House today... 
Had my last stabbing at GP, now to get on with some more packing 
Had my massage &amp; facial this morning, then bought 2 pairs of shoes! Really wanted Chuck Taylors, but they look ridiculous on me 
Had my mothly shave. I hate right after, chin all scratchy. 
Had my MRI today...that was painful...grrrrrrrr...I don't get the results until Monday 
Had my twitter account 'suspended' - i think for reporting on the worm and linking to a story about it w/ URL.  Excuse me for sharing! 
had no clue that jello wasn't vegeterian  
Had no idea I wasn't allowed to take pictures of the E! office.  Was going to show you twitterers but don't think I can. 
had no idea on what to wear tomorrow ! 
Had no idea there would be a wait at the tanning bed at 8 am! 
Had no sleep at all, sooo tired and dont want to go to work 
Had one crazy weekend... Now i'm almost to tired to work. This is going to be one long day. 
had one helluva lousy day 
Had one of the most disturbing dreams I've ever had last night. And when I woke up it took me several minutes to realize it wasn't true. 
Had one too many chocolate covered strawberries. Cupid is tryin to get me fat...ahh my stomach 
Heading into town again. I have no money though!  bad times.  http://bit.ly/16Okma
Heading into work 
heading into work in about 2 hours... *sigh*  I really don't wanna 
Heading into work. 
Heading off for Kasauli (finally) in a short while. Still have to pack and I didn't even have breakfast today  #Famished
heading off to an Epicure party - not buying though.  too broke 
Heading off to an interview, working on PR for the PhotoWalk...damn, this means I gotta put on a suit....  
heading off to bed and sweet dream...have to look for a lost cat tomorrow. 
Heading off to bed. Early morning tomorrow. Big week next week. 
Heading off to bugis to meet joanna. Having terrible gastric pains  - http://tweet.sg
Heading off to concert, unsure if composer will be in attendance 
heading off to HOD meeting 
Heading off to Houston... I don't wanna leave Miami  Goodbye.
Heading off to Londonderry - on my Bank Holiday - for another week away. 
heading off to school. break is OVER 
heading off to take my midterms...   Wish me luck!
heading off to work  i really dont wanna go ='(
heading off to work to enjoy a double today 
heading on the 2nd half of our road trip to darwin, no civilisation for another 1500 km !!! 
heading out before it rains...again  grrrrrrrrrrrrrr
heading out before my prince arrives LOL ;) @Momisbuff  was having a good day ugh computer.It is hump day and none coming my way  LMFAO
Had planned to shred the bits of tree that were pruned last week. Done about a 1/3rd of it before the shredder packed in. 
had plenty of sleep. but don't want to do anything 
Had possibly the SCARIEST dream ever last night. 
had school till now the last two hours maths 
Had scrambled egg for breakfast partly because there is no other food in the house 
Had shower, dressing changed, all canulas removed = no more morphine  I've got a wireless signal though, so I can surf the net! Woo yay!
Had smoked salmon &amp; rocket penne for dinner, unfortunately didn't taste as good as it sounds 
Had snooze. Woke up. I discovered I have sunburn on left shoulder. Much ouch. 
Had so many meetings today,..  ........after lastweek.   
had so much fun at Disya's with all baroners!!! But I have to go home early 
had so much fun at the zoo. dinner after. we are all burnt out. and just plain sun burned. 
Had so much fun last night with  @marhood @alexapal @laurensab  going to miss everyone
Had so much fun last night....why are my legs hurting? Ugh...I dont wanna go to work 
Had so much fun on my birthday that he does not want it to end.  But i love the presents that i have receive.
Had so much fun this weekend! Work all week in cerritos, last week of training.. That means waking up at 6am  is it next weekend yet?
had so much fun today !  thanks guys. \/ || bettina left for europe todayy. 
funny that since F2S merged with Tiscali, our always-wonderful connection speed has dropped considerably 
Funny thing about days off...I'm STILL the first one out of bed in the morning 
Funny thing is sean made me cry? Serious talks arent cool. 
Funny, how on Facebook the only one I communicate with is my 11 year old cousin. I miss her. 
Funny, if it works!!!: Sorry - it won't upload and can'tsee how to delete the post  http://tinyurl.com/r38dqf
Funny, possibly, how I always believe 'it won't happen to me'. Just lost about 5 hours' work on a  story. Can't even blame Bill Gates 
Funny, this is the same price as my first iPod   http://tr.im/nFu3
Funny, when CBS' offices are right accross the street from my office! #A-ha! fail No Craig episodes. 
Funny... My eyes are open and I'm standing up but for some reason I'm not awake 
Funpark tomorrow, whee. 'Cept we're going with the neighbour kids. Too many children 
fun-time is over  working-hours begins     
Furious with Abbey today 
Further into that trailer place is cracked cement and children who don't have any guidance! No wonder Tempa turned to drugs 
further proof that weathermen don't control the weather...  it's raining on my day off too - no golf for me    yet!
fuse is over 
FUUCckkk xmarks lost all my fucking shit!!!! Dammit! What a way to start off a day 
fuuck 5 am srsrly!? I wasn't even drinking! I was the D Driver!  F*CK 5hrs sleep :'(
Fuuckkk im on my way to church &quot;/ im tired as fuuck and have a headache. 
fuuuccckkkk! just got woken up by thunderstorms  and so did both the babies ugh. too early 4 this! back 2 sleep now.
Had so much fun tonight except for the sucky service at supper 
Had some ask me to make their site rank 1st in google for the word printing... Where do people get their information? 
had some bad news one pf the sponsors i was hoping for for the Dakar '10 couldn't make it work 
had some bad news..  knocked sideways.
had some good aim &amp; phone convos today. RIP to my MacBookPro. SMH. it just won't start up anymore 
had some good laughs tonight on the phone with the homies! @kellz314 &amp; cathy -damn i miss my dawgs!! 
Had some weird/strange dreams 
Had some yummy Chinese food for dinner, then did the weekly grocery/supplied shopping- Tommy leaves for Atlanta in the morning 
had someearly dismissal from school. Being sick definitely sucks! 
had someone bust out my window and steal my garmin  but the rest of the day was great...sigh
had soo much fun last night and am sad chris has already left 
had sooo much fun at megs we did tie die tshirts!!! but i had to go home cuz i was sick 
had sooo much fun in Alabama!!! I miss all the new friends I made already! 
had sooooo much fun at #140conf, met something interesting people! however my cab ride broke down and i had to get another one 
Had stir fry for dinner...alone 
had strange dreams and can't find her jewelry box.  
Had strong coffee. Still sleepy. Ugh! 
Had such a blissful sleep and woke up having completely forgotten I have work today 
had such a good day! i lalalove Ty XD sore belly mehh 
Had such a good halfterm. School tommorow  Night
Had such a realistic dream last night and I loved it...ugh can I go back? 
Had such an amazing rest!! Woke up sooooo refreshed, until I got to work....boooourns!!! 
Had such an amazing time last night. Can't believe gala is over  Now off to Atlanta!
Had sum delicious Wendys about 30 mins ago n came home to find my mom just cooked. Had to stuff myself so she wouldn't feel bad  I'm sick
had suppah fun nyt w/ FRIENDZ last nyt &amp; today! can't believe the day's over already... how TIME flies... @b damn, istilmisyu   
had surgery today!!! my knee hurts!!! OUCH!!! 
had that nightmare again where i wake up and my ceiling is covered in spiders, and i have to run through them to get to the door.  
Had the best dream ever ! well actually the worst  jesse mccartney loved me but said it would ruin wot we had ! then i woke up. it sucked.
had the best evening last night but today couldnt have got any worse 
Had the best morning/afternoon wit d love of my life. Duno wht I'd do w/out him!!Shame the eve got ugly  Hope it all passes.. Gdnte all x
had the best night ever with my love.. took me 13 months to get a night like that! home, get ready and to the SLAP bbq! he's workin tho 
had the best niqht cuddlinq and kissin my boo last niqht. sad he's in cali 
had the best weekend of my life, why does it all have to end 
had the best weekend... After all the drama of not going to adelaide... I wish it was saturday already! 
had the cigarette, battery will die soon  cant wait to see Erica and Nina later, its been a long time.
had the first and probably last G&amp;T last night  BBQ beef super noodles for breakfast  mmmmm!
Had the first of probably many &quot;moments&quot; today...bypassing the Father's Day cards. 
had the funniest day yesterday, and cannot be asked to go to school tomorow 
had the greatest weekend ever and now it is monday  the only thing i am excited for is tonight's episode of greek!
Had the hottest and stressiest day at work  f the area manager. So happy to be going home!
Had the job until she said I had to commit for 3 or more years...back to the drawing board! 
had the lovliest night last night but was ruined by doctors inability to warn me of side effects. back again for more tests. 
Had the most awesome day: beach in the morning, walked on the boardwalk in the afternoon. Too bad we leave tomorrow 
Had the most awful sleep, feel like I've been through an ordeal. Couple that with the workers outside my window that started at 6am 
Had the most rotten dream last night. Really tired but don't want to go to sleep again incase it comes back 
had the most unrestful sleep last night...UGH 
had the perfect start to her Monday...woke up an hour late and sick. 
had the scariest exsperience ever 
Had the scariest moment of my life today. 
Had the weirdest night ever! Between tears, break ups n dancin, i dnt know how it all happened 
Had the worse dream ever 
Had the worst dinner ever. China Buffet sucks. Never going again.    Making Velveeta Mac' N' Cheese! Yum!!!
had the worst dream abt some turd face ex.. ugh. it was awful. 
had the worst dream abt some turd face i used to date... ugh. it was awful. 
Had the worst fucking day 
had the worst nightmare 
had the worst nightmares last night 
had the worst pancake for breakfast!!! you cannot have a more wacked-out(in a bad way) pancake!! 
had the WORST possible sleep last night. And generally feels like shit today  boo.
Had THEE BEST talk with @irawrrr (ira)!! Why does my BFFFFL have to live in irvine?! 
Had thought that I had recovered from this flu that I had during the week, but woke up this morning and its bck 
Had to bail on a 16 miler after 6. Thinks he is getting tendinitis in his calves. 
Had to beat a kid in round one. 
Had to bring Bosco to the vet... hope all turns out okay 
had to cancel @antidances  stupid cml got in the way. but meeting tomorrow!!! 
had to cancel all appointments  caught spring  flu.... will stay at home and study hip joint..
had to cancel Dish today..  its gonna suck with two kids in the house and No TV, and the fact that I rely on it to sleep at night.
had to cancel driving lesson because i'm ill 
Had to cancel his daughter's first birthday due to illness 
Had to cancel subscriptions today to NZZ and Economist at office  #costsavings Luckily they also have online versions
had to cancel the hol to spain 
Had to cancel the treasure hunt part of my bday party bc of rain 
Had to cancel wow for now 
Had to catch up on some tweets! Right now I'm procrastinating. Unpleasant phone calls to make today! *Sigh*  
Had to change phones   i'm not using an iphone anymore... I dont know how some of you can text without a keyboard
had to charge the cell phone and missed out on the free uncharted beta codes 
had to check a few emails but I'm calling it now...my feet hurt  good morning folks
Had to check that I wasn't dreaming when I woke up to turn the tv off last night and saw the tribe had lost the 5 run lead they had.  
Had to choose between heroes mag and food. Chose food 
had to come home early from school, my stomach was killing me. 
Had to cover up my art. It's starting to sprinkle. 
Had to delete tweetdeck. Too many crashes and timeouts! Bummer 
Had to do a swine flue test today. Negative, meaning no treatment for my flue 
Had to dump my honey lavender ice cream back in Missuola. 
Had to eat at Quizno's because it was an hour wait at Kiko's.    I still wanted Kiko's...but the sandwich was good, too, I SUPPOSE!
Had to eat my sandwhich since guys were in a meeting. No sushi to brag about. 
had to exchange my True Blood DVDs for non-BluRay 1's. Don't have a pop-up enabled player so the special features weren't working for me. 
Had to get a lame fruit punch Slurpee because the Coke flavour was all watery   
had to give my 5 year old golden retriever away to another family today  #sad http://bit.ly/s48D0
Had to give the Golf back this morning  but shall be buying another 106 in the next week!
had to give up my seat for #momoams  Was really looking forward to this special edition, but other responsibilities simply won't allow it.
Had to give up my shift at WAG  just too  much going on this summer, I'm not able to be there every week
had to go home from school today, too sick to be there apparently. oh well, i still feel like crap 
Had to go home sick from pip day  intense fever is taking over!
Had to go into work 2 hours early and open  what a great start!
Had to go pick up daughter from sleep over at 11pm. She was uncomfortable and wanted to come home.  Benadryl kicked in long ago.  TIRED!
had to go shopping, get some books etc. '3' are charging me £50.00 to fix my phone, i haven't got the money so...no phone. 
had to go to her Granny house at 1 am because there's no Light in her house 
had to go to mass so i missed the last 3 acts  but il see them again on youtube!
Had to go to the emergency room today   First day at my new job in less than 12 hours and cant sleep ! Feel yucky :-p
Had to go to the Vet yesterday  Ear Infection AGAIN Hate when Mom puts ear drops in my ear, it tickles Friday I get my teeth cleaned eek!
had to grow up... not sure i like it!!! 
Had to have an injection 
Had to leave after shooting 1st 3 songs of Death Cab.   Ben was in fine form and his hair was shiny and bouncy like a Prell commercial.
Had to leave and disconnect from the Iran ruckus, too much for me, I get too involved. I see from TV things have not changed. 
Had to leave Pookie all alone  2 come visit my parents &amp; I wasn't allowed to bring her along cuz they don't like cats &amp; mom's allergic.
Had to leave the kids...against my will  I already miss them
had to leave work early cuz of my mouth  back to some more resting
had to leave, was laggy  hmm what to do now?
Had To Make A New Account  If Any One Knows Ma Last Username Please Could You Tell Me xx
had to make a new twitter account 
Had to make a police report! Scary man on the road  Well, day's over. Sleepy time. Injera has me feelin that -itis. Goodnight twitterians!
Had to make my wrap with ham - ugh    WTB turkey!
Had to move my hanging basket out of the sun due to wilted flowers! Hope it perks up a bit, it was looking so nice 
had to much red red wine last nite, gotta go to work hungover.,.not good... 
had to pause to help bathe the daughters - i got to wash their hair tonight - usually @dcpincus does that but the baby is sick 
Had to pee SO bad, mens room occupied 10min, finally went in womens and man leaves then-Lady worker waiting when I finish looks puzzled 
Had to play with myself all night  lol
Had to plug a normal 3 button mouse into the iMac as I can't deal with not being able to scroll downwards. 
Had to put Dom to sleep...  #fail
had to put her hand in the flour jar! then the flour jar spilt over, and now im all floury 
had to put her pet wasp in the window so ben could shower. hope alejandro doesnt freeze 
Had to put my kitty Sketchy down today  Watching the MTV Move Awards &amp; just finished watching The Hills.
Had to put my kitty to sleep this morning. I am VERY sad. 
Had to put on my &quot;business&quot; clothes to run by the bank. I'm hoping i'm done in time to change, if not I am wearing these all day!  
had to put the heating on, it's freezing tonight  - It's got no contest compared to Hayley leaving the cooker on all day... lol
had to re boot my whole comp  it's better now xP
Had to rebook my flight  leaving about 3 days earlier now.
had to reformat hard drive ovr weekend  but gives me opportunity to rebuild list of podcast i listen to - recommendations anyone?
Had to reinstall/repatch WoW for the second time this weekend due to a crash that corrupts the game texture files 
had to re-pierce one of my piercings this morining, i hate having to take them out for work 
had to rescue all my little corn stalks, just about every little stalk was lying almost flat on the ground 
Had to restart my computer 10 times today 
had to return kingdom hearts because the disk wouldn't play.  at least i got my monies back!
Had to run out at 4am to find medicine... Eeh  
had to run to vons&amp;carlsjr and barely got back and missed 1st quarter  and my uti is getting worse? ugh.
had to say no to going to the mall and the movies today 
had to settle for subway! ugh 
Had to ship off the Xbox360...the red ring of death has struck! 
had to sleep early last night. had a BIG fight with dad and turned off my computer  .. I hate it when he overreacts =//
had to start semi-moderating my blog comments  didn't want to but don't really have a choice!
Had to switch my brain to corporate design mode today. No fancy stuff 
Had to switch my schedule around which results in me working 9 days in a row. God this summer is NOT FUN!!!! 
had to take off work...to much going on today 
had to take out the left ear gauge it was WAY too sore, gonna get a professional to do it for me 
had to toss my fav leopard print flats 
had to turn down the near perfect mini break 
Had to turn down translation project offer, though the pay was decent and the deadline livable. Don't have the time. 
Had to turn of notifications when people follow me.   Which sucks because I won't be able to reciprocate when someone useful does.  
Had to turn off almost famous...   but now I'm watching mr. And mrs. Smith.....  So it's all good
Had to unfollow a few  so I could follow the new, can't wait till the 2000 limit is lifted!
had to wait until yesterday to find out if I was eligible for iPhone 3Gs upgrade. now today I can't find an iPhone for sale in LA 
Had to wake up early to wash my hair  I have to go to school today which is gonna be pretty much pointless
had to wipe my device due a conflict with twitter berry and the blackberry storm  thank you back up
Had to work almost 20 hours this weekend   But had a great night out with friends.
had to work today  .but now back home.. and reading something on Forbes about Micheal Bay..
Had too much caffeine today... 
had too much food  tummy's hurt.. :'(
Had too much fun last night- paying for it now... going to go and fry an egg 
had trouble with my background so now i have these lame Chinese fish 
had two awesome nights.. and now back to study i go 
had two chicken tostadas...shoulda just had one 
Had upsetting dreams:a friend getting punched, one getting sick,lots of pple crying &amp; simon pegg passing out from exhaustion. 
had very bad dream 
Had very very very bad storms and tornado watches last night and early this morning.... 
Had waaaay too much to drink in the last few hrs but had a great last night in the 561. Now back in the tristate area much to my dismay. 
had what seemed like a short but good weekend.. minus the broken LCD screen on my camera 
Had wonderful company and a not so bad salad today at McDonalds for lunch. Now headed to my doctor's appt. booh hiss! 
Had XBox 360 since 2 months after launch. Finally joined the masses of &quot;3 rings of death&quot;. Probably a record run for a 360. $99 repair 
hadd a great! idea...but losst it 
Haddaa goood nite wit @miszfashionista @wesprops juss wish my bestie byron was dere  oh well, ay @wesprops we out? Hell yea nxt wknd
HAE TO GO PICK UP MY DOG ! 
Hafizah says she miss p4a. So am i. 
hafta go get food and then get ready for work  bye @Orla_x
hah tiada hari tanpa tugas... what never ending assignments... 
hah! i am not sick.. haha, my bro and sis are sick 
Haha  this happened to me. Ow my thigh.... http://bit.ly/1cB4gJ
haha @alisonwaring yeah, right. BTW, I guess I wasn't in the right mood, but the Reeses Big Cup just didn't do it for me last night 
haha @sam_1992xx i duno why we took glowsticks. it wasnt even dark haha. so much fun. i love our photos with her. i miss you guys 
Haha 5 more mins to trng. My gosh!  - http://tweet.sg
haha a few people removed me, guess im not cool  its cool tho
haha bec yu missed it. this one guy was SMOKING! but he was there with his gf  lol
Haha CAMP ROCK IS ON VRAK.TV  ...it's the sad scene.....where Shane know about the truth 
Haha damit randy we saw u stare at his ass lol and yea the earthquake droped my damn tacos 
haha did you even know i was going out with ryan?  well i dumped him and he dident take it so well 
haha he don't want to take a picture with me buu 
haha i am sooo incredibly bored and i dont wanna go to bed. 
Haha i bet a man did make heels! Im sorry you hurt though.  I hope you feel better!  ~Livelovesing~
haha i dont really know that other guy so i cant really say anything  but i can hope, i guess
HAHA i got my shoes wet 
Haha i guess i'm not goin to rangers game 
haha i have lotsa chores that i dont feel like doing  im eating my lunch now two.
haha i know 
haha I know! my broke ass had no gas, if I drove to santa anita and back my money would go to gas and I'd have no money for food 
haha i looove the fact that i left my charger at my friends and my phone died    and my head is freaking throbbing!!!
Fuuuck I hate allergies/cold/flu/whateverthehell this is 
fuuuck me. this sucks. i dont feel like washing a shitload of dishes or do my hair or do anything 
Fuuuck, accidently my whole .config/, it took so long to configure awesome. 
Fuuuck. My £35 headphones have broke. 
Fuuuck.. Running out of resources  my boy is getting the ax in the am
fuuuucckk  i only have half a page of pannels.
Fuuuuckin' freeezin' 
fuuuuu, helllla sleepy, had no lunch, now I'm working 4 to 10... gota wait till 6 to eat. 
Fuuuuuck. Can't finish. I was only a little less than an hour away from being done with this page, too. 
Fuuuuuck. Nearly over my download limit already. Ima die   #fml
Fuuuuuuuck. I accidentally changed a camera shot ON-AIR this morning  #fail
fuuuuuuuuck. dropped my phone in the toilet 
FUUUUUUUUU i got so many mosquito bites last night. on my face, my neck, my hands   
Fuuuuuuuuuuuck 
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU... i think i messed up my knee 
fuzz club should not be shutting, tis gooood.probs will be replaced with another shitty student night that makes more £ and has no bands 
fvck sorethroat. i wanna get well really badly 
Fwd:i miss rene.. damn! 4 fucking hours from austin!! :,,( i cnt qo another day without him... i miqht just qo crzy and kill myself 
Fwit failed earlyer. Pic was from third and last paint colour being mixed. Now to clean up room 
Fxck cleaning 
FYI @worldfamouskid it's your a neck up nigga....lmao! Not waist up stupid!!! And u didn't take mi to coldstone w/u(in my pouting voice) 
FYI I didn't want my picture green and now I dunno how to turn it back 
FYI if i dont answer you when tweeted, its that im not getting them sent to my phone 
FYI im not upgrading to the new 3GS because I'm not eligible  but it's ok cuz I can wait for video and a compass lol
FYI, Go to bed when ur suppose to. If not you'll just regret it in the morning.  GM Twiggaz!
FYI... i have someone following me and their name is WETPUSSIES... WTF.. why do i get the weirdos? 
G chord hurts 
G had to work today.. BOOHOO  but now I can get some research done for my paper! I'll holla! x0x0x♥♥
g: &gt;&gt;4558858 Why so rage lately bro?  You usually are pretty chill and seem pretty nice, but today you seem pretty off
g: AwesomeWM tempts me every time I see it. 
g0odness me, i d0n't fEel s0oo well t0day.. kinda weak.. 
G0t home from work a few hours ago;; ry gets home in 6 hours ahh &amp; my phone is br0ke 
g2g - 1am in the morning - BE WARNED - mikeyy is back - be careful - one of the ppl I am following is infected 
g2g go now people  missing u all aready i al wasys say thats thats because i am lolx
g2g. i've finished my homework. so now i'll review for the F quizzes tom. x( im soo veryyy sleepy!. 
ga ngebayangin klo jd arin ditinggal pacarnya secepat itu. so sorry to hear that   
GA Theatre on fire in Athens. (via @sarahchristine) me:  
gaa i am SOOOO tired! i feel like i had only 2minutes sleep....maby i did  worst sleep!!!
gaa!!!! i might be leaving my school for sure!!! thats not good!!! ugh! diabetes crap and exams this week! not funn at all!!! 
GAAA another sleepless night 
Gaaaaaaaaaah I hate finals... 
gaaaaahhhh . I have no beers  What's a girl to do?!!?!
gaaaah i miss david so much 
Gaaaawd, school, can u just be over. My summer is totally being wasted 
gaaagghh, only back one day and I knock out that pesky filling again 
gaaah i have too much school work to be done 
Gaaah I'd rather watch grass grow than wait for nail varnish to dry it keeps smudging 
Gaaah I've only seen a few videos and I can't watch the test till I get home. 
Gaaah my sister dropped chips on my floor  she is so mean!!
Gaaah, closed on Sundays   ah well, trying the backup plan.
gaaah, no printer is good enough for me....too expensive  I have to go to library and make (expensive) prints jiiihoooo!
gaaah... I hate having CTL+ENTER as the hotkey for send email in evolution, as I sometimes hit it when typing emails really fast 
gaaar, that didn't work, time to revert 
Gaagh! Maid didn't pitch today  *grumbles* *changes own linen* Least I get to devour cool snacks I got her ... every cloud and things ;)
Gaah just woke up. Missed out on going to vjo hh  Hella wanna do something today with my bests!
Gaah! Must have inadvertently deleted my sister's email containing the picture, can't find it at the moment  Will ask her to send it again
Gaah! My load decreased from 40+ to 18! 
Gaah... Alone aiding today... So boring.. 
gaah...oh wise internet friends does the name expopool look like expopoo? 
GAAHH construction next door make my WHOLE building shake  Not liking this...
gaahrharhas! cant find his car keys 
Gabe and Malik's panel sounds like it's a fun one. I wish I was in #asylm 
Gabriel is recovering from a long day at the vet and some upset ears  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6907190
Gabriela i need you goddess 
Gaby cooked an amazing meal. Last night  dnt want to leave!!!
@DiscoDeirdree @discogryff im the only one without a perzine 
@DiSCOLENA well earlier than in germany 
@discomaulvi @davidsteven I reckon most victims don't tell the truth  Happens in #Pakistan, for the fear of prosecution.
@discomaulvi hayela.. aap shadi shuda ho  zongchick ko young generation (like me) kelye choar do please :p
@discomaulvi yar agr sab change kar leen gay to twitter samghay ga spamming ho rahi hai like iran elec.... ki tarha  what u say
@discomaz muy temprano. Necessito chabo though... 
@DiscoTit not really! I just fuck up everything 
@discotrash Tooth ache still  you better see a dentist and pronto.
@discuit LOL same here we were going to go to B&amp;Q to get a greenhouse too 
@DisGraceMcR GRACE  THE THEORY IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT 
@disil429 I just hope they at least find the plane soon. Imagine being a relative or friend and not knowing 
@disil429 I'm at this training that I'm lost in 
@disillusioned_ I desperately want to play KH:CoM.  But nowhere sells GBA games any more.  Le sigh.  I may find it on eBay if I can.
@DisIsPeter SOMETHING LIKE THAT.MY G-PA MADE ME LIKE THAT. WHEN I WAS LITTLE. I WAS ON HIS BACK WHILE SWINNING. HE NEVER CAME UP! 
@disko_d Its not even here yet   Why is it raining like this?  Why have a balcony if you cant ever go out there. This is rediculous
@Disney_Dreaming No, I haven't seen anyone of my favourite celebs in person  Only Backstreet Boys 
@disneYdorK92 well my ex gf was calling me a stalker  butt i luv miley i wanna date her n shes my gf in my dreams so when i talk 2 her i
@disneYdorK92 well, i've been spreading the word about kevin jonas day but there's just not enough of us. 
@DisneyFoodBlog iPhone activation server is temporarily out of service 
@DisneyGirl92 i planned a huge plan with my friends but it failed. 
@disneykid08 Is Disney going well? I feel like we never talk anymore 
@disneymaniac oh yeah, those are classics! GOTTA get one of the Mine Mine Mine shirts next time - which is next year 
@disneyshawn Had hoped to catch the Fri. midnight screening but ran out of time 
@Disphunktional mary, can u do something to mine? I have split ends &amp; that's the reason it's not growing 
@DistantFate Sound was great at the Union Chapel. Loved the Smoke Fairies support act. Gig was good. Shame we didn't have a good camera 
@distefam I got the wordtank V80. thought I ordered the V90, but I made a mistake  oh well, still one of the sexiest dictionaries EVAR.
@disturbedjackal  what happened to your car?
@ditabobita i miss you so much. really 
@DitaVonTeese its showbusiness, love  have to say, glad im not in it and glad i dont eat noodles 
@DitaVonTeese I've had to do that. I really can't think of anything more fun. 
@diti_X  Why?
@DitiSays  she was LOL..actually in my eyes she still kinda is..give anyone marks in my book for getting back up after her breakdwn
@DitiSays why u  facin dufflebag?
@Dits awwwww fraid my poo puter won't run it  Im gonna have to trust you bout the good bits - still underwhelmed but hopeful lol
@dittebb pulled a muscle in the shoulder. I sure hope it gets better soon. 
@dittee yeah retreating today. need fresh wind/rain/fire. not necessarily in that order ;) &amp; yeah, the effects of not refueling daily is 
@ditty1013 I didn't know when I agreed to go to the movie. 
@ditut Honey me coming late 
@ditut yea i know  u guys going to try out the cold stone??
@ditzydimi wats with the competitions huh i never get through and i never win 
@DiVA_STARR i cant see ur bg ur twitter replies covers it  twit pic it
@DIVACANDICEM Don't GO.  Thank you for everything! &lt;3
@DIVACANDICEM we will miss u 
@DIVACANDICEM we'll miss you candice 
@divad71 I wouldn't mind a KFC Zinger Burger  myself. I think they've sold out in Brunei 
@Divadivs i sent the link to archu pa she was like y did u send  me the link,its disturbed me like hell and im not able to eat  poor girl
@divadol @kamy775 and the craptastic weather we been having these past few days  boooo!
@divadoll123 ppl want everyone to be equal, but their definition of equality is not a prosperous one, it is a poor, unmotivating one, 
@DivaJulia - Yeah, stick to the book with &quot;Gomorra.&quot;  It's not even on my DVD rental list anymore. Sorry to say, it's a total bummer. 
@DivaJulia when i get paid... maybe tomorrow 
@DivaJulia You talk about your fam on your blog? I have to be real careful now w/ my sidenote stories. One day my fam may discover POTP. 
@DivaLegs30 CONGRATULATIONS!!! wish i could be there 
@DIVAmagazine  It seems smaller and lighter, the pages are getting less and less 
@divarina21 i dont evn talk 2 him no more. it was a huge mistake. i shoulda listened 2 her. i kno she's disappointed in me. 
@divascancook - prune juice. We mix with some apple juice &amp; call it &quot;magic juice&quot;. It's tough to go through, tho. 
@divasoria i know. we all do wish we did. i wish i took my mandarin lessons seriously.. 
@divasteph 11? I was majorly off then :/ LOL! But u would have to go 2 sleep right when u hit me back... 
@DivaTink I think twitpic took the image down; it's not available anymore  - they were nekkid, those wannabe cops on bikes.
@DiVert23 if you're comfy it's fine. I'm really not comfy, none of my clothes fit and my cholesterol is through the roof 
@divestoclimb It lets me through, but then gives a &quot;Sorry, no exact matches were found, but other tickets may still be available.&quot; error 
@Divetracks http://twitpic.com/6c2h8 - WOW... that doesn't look good... 
@dividepictures i love you miloo!(reply me pleasee) 
@dividepictures Will there be any east coast releases? I can't get my AZ people to drive to LA for this one like they did for REST 
@dividetheday Mkay, well yall were ;) This sucks its Friday night and I can't even drank... 
@divinebubbles ouch, that sucks big time 
@divinebubbles Sadly, steady shot is the hunter equaliant of Lindsay Lohan. Went from being pretty good to below average 
@divinebubbles, it's &quot;lose an inch in two weeks&quot;. If she did that she would be skeletal. 
@DivineChoice I'm great today. Working  ,  but it's Saturday so it'll go by quickly I think :s
@DivineDavy awww, i think i just missed the video chatting 
@DivineDavy I So Know the answers..but i ain in Orlando..not even in the States,,which makes me SAD,cuz i so wanna See my fav gurl 
@DiviNelySweet  it was wishful thinking lol but damn{deep sigh}
@DivinemLee I thought it was only me experiencing it..yeah its f**cked up. 
@DivinemLee really? hmm... i hope kooki wont look like one. she's too cute to look like a unicorn. 
@divinerae i'm going to have to try that one. Went to the store and had like 5 samples, didn't like any of them 
@divinesoverign What's going on? You never called me back 
@DivineStorm maintenance? 
@divinjohn I am ready to play. My internet keeps stabbing though  I have one close NITK friend (@abhiram), in my same college clan.
@diviroxx  and we'll miss you  are u adding a tour date in Paris in November ?
@divrchk  oh geez, not good 
@divu Atleast you are not under house arrest 
@Divvi I was supposed to make it this time 
@divvianne bet i didn't  Haha. Oh i need a lie down! Xxx
@DivvShah Bing is Microsoft's new search engine - competition for Google. And if I could make it to India that would be cool, but I can't 
@divya meant to say is sad to find out that he can't register for hair for hope this year 
@divyabrigitta Thxx dearr. Pray the bst fr u too. Eh seriuss ke kl minggu bsk? Aaa I'm gonna be lonely, everybody's leaving 
@Dixie_Belle  oh knows  pughug
@Dixie_Belle @cleominette  I just tried other combinations did not work 
@DixonAKADude  Sun just came out in WV.  My mom took me onto the deck and gave me a crew cut with her new clippers.  Look metrosexual now 
@DixonTam No, we've barely left Whistler...stupid construction. 
@Dixsin huhu, i didn't see 
@Dixx I would prefer a ka. It's about twice the size of the lawnmower they've given me 
@DiyanaRazinah eeee. you need to chill. 
@DiyanaRazinah Idk  It's hard to forget someone. Maybe you need to be his friend.
@DiyanaRazinah Oi mana Facebookmu? I can't find it 
@DiyanaRazinah whats wrong? 
@DiyanaRazinah you broke my heart.  *slits neck* HAHAHA.
@diydiyy i missed you guys too  i'll be back tomorrow tho.
@Dizzy520 Still can't find his tou. 
@dizzybunny  no it's not me, it's Britney bitch 
@dizzybunny oh  no its in plymouth... long way lol...i hope some people from bh.com come though...
@dizzybunny That's too bad  Sorry
@dizzycoolbabe Me too I had an awful night sleep 
@dizzydolo sumthin like that 
@dizzyfeet I just saw an old clip of you on Idol and it made me miss having you there. 
@dizzyfeet I know the feeling.  I just had a herniated disc removed on Monday. I dance and live in N.O. but won't be at auditions either. 
@dizzyfeet no tabitha and napoleon 
@dizzyfeet who got sent home last night on sytycd? i missed the end 
@DizzyGiirl @LinusDigby Whatsuup ?!  xxxxxx
@DizzyMalfoy Like 10 times  I wish Twitter could like go in and wipe all the images i have tried to use out!! So i can start over! gah!
@dizzystuff just did some research, unfortunately the buggers wear out fairly quickly 
@dizzyupthegirl I know what you mean.. its always like that in Malabon. 
@dizzyyet i don't even think people who ordered it at the con have gotten emails yet about it 
@dizzyyet ugh, ikr? such bullshit. it sucks ass 
@dizzyyet yep... they're leaving it... like that! 
@DJ_Alcide womp womp 
@dj_am be ready for gotti looking douchebags taken over monet! i wish i could go see you 
@DJ_AM i keep trying but it won't work 
@DJ_AM nice!  Have a great show!  Wish I was there!  
@DJ_B_EAZY - NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!  Do not wish that upon my King!!!!!!!! 
@DJ_B_EAZY - thanks - I pulled it right outta my a** - I don't have anymore cuz Lebron is my King for life - so, I'm too depressed 4 more 
@DJ_B_EAZY, thats so hard  they're both soo dopeee. but i'll have to go with Nas .. Jay-z is equally dope tho, just Nas wins in my opinion
@DJ_B_FRANK I heard it remained lame the other night. 
@dj_bubble can't find that 
@dj_cm  Didn't drink enough for a hangover, just tired and over worked 
@dj_diva you didn't even say nothin about the list I gave you  hmph.
@Dj_Esco OMG forreal? Lol   u kno I wantd u there. Waaah
@DJ_Fresh Like a zillion tylenols lol 
@DJ_MAN @djpsar  GUYS BLOW OFF THE ROOF TONITE !!! MP 5 YRS !!! BIG UP ONCE AGAIN TO THE WHOLE CREW !!! VERY SORRY I CAN'T MAKE IT TONITE 
@Dj_Nina_Stakz  Dangit man! That is some bull! lol u gonna have 2 check out my show. Gonna do the best to my abilities. lol
@Dj_Nyce i can't...im banned!!!  lol
@DJ_OBS init somehow i think it's going to be a mixed day at work today 
@Dj_Phat awwwwwwwwww, that's how ur doin me now?? lol makin fun of my spelling??  i'ma beat u up when i see u! lol
@DJ_QUAKE awww 
@DJ_RIN I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@DJ_Shea - And it's suppose to be hotter tomorrow ! 
@dj_wonder Just about! I live near there so its all we have  lol Other than that - sun and fun! What are you up to this w/end?
@DJ_Z where's the pic? did you forget? 
@DJ1derful Tell Applejac I said hey LOL He doesn't want to get on twitter  He sucks LOL
@DJ4D the sun frolicking is past tense, I'm back to the grind now!  And don't knock the Kyle.. you'll be a guest soon! ;)
@DJ4NGO damn wish they had one here the latest they close is 11... 
@dja812 will let u know as sson as i get my schedule...i have a jobby job 
@djaaries @allystar4 @EmpressJade @NatureWithMe @thisgirltv happy sunday to you all... though its now monday here 
@DjAceBoogie  sorry @slutbucket. Maybe I'll bring he my leftover popcorn and raisinettes.
@djackman1 I is trying very hard  I do not like it though.  I cannot believe it's less than a week.  Life is going to be *so* good. xoxo
@DJAFFECT yea... Then u sleep thru ur appt 
@djahne1104 There's always summer camp right 
@djahop see u next week 
@djai I could use some right now!..couldn't make it to Havana Club tonight  ..hopefully tomorrow I'll make it!..
@djain1989 yes .. thats a problem   #prism #fail
@djairrick thought u didnt love me no more 
@Djalfy Fighting a cold/virus the plagued people at work gave me  This was supposed to be my day off! Bah! How are you?
@Djalfy I suppose it's too late to tell him Happy Birthday!    
@Djalfy Lucky you 
@djallstyle Dont trust it. It was clear last nite when i went out &amp; then it was storming when i left  Take an umbrella w/ u just in case.
@djamesbrooke  yeah it's very sucky 
@djannalyze wish I was heading to Glasgow - but the tickets were sold out by the time I got everyone organized  other people suck!!
@DJAnonymousDC don't I get followed too?  lol
@DJAnonymousDC keemy! come bacckkkk 
@DJAnonymousDC.....nothing good on tv 
@djaspeth A workstation controller for Ableton Live for only 400 dollars? That is a STEAL! If only I worked with Live 
@Djay23 is he just a shy boy or something? 
@djbam Gonna miss you and @nikkiceragioli tomorrow night 
@djbelle LMAO!I was JUST thinking how I fucking hate @ least 3 people that I'm following...but I haven't unfollowed em' yet. I'm a loon. 
@DjBigRuss You're not working Saturday? 
@djblaze2007 i didn't get a dm.   am i following you?
@djbroc gah! hearted and downloaded - love it! unfortch, my real job has taken over my far more important job of hypemhearting 
@DJbruce92 Told myself I wouldn't play til I finished uni work. I had to uninstall it to keep me on track 
@djbunty You know how gutted I am that I'm not getting crunk with you on Saturday  bunty vs mgck @ red soon haha
@djcable I shoulda!!! so solid came on...it were promptly turned off 
@DJCamille i will try to do that... 
@djcamilo NOT ME... I SINGLE MYSELF!!! SORRY... I WON'T REMEMBER!!! 
@DJCervant absolutely! I miss my friend.   When will be your first arrival?
@DJChiChiLaRue bless! Haha I come back for your event and your not even here! 
@DJCHRISICE thats still no excuse why i havent seen or heard from u in how long??? 
@DJClicheDarknes I haven't had a good homemade flour tortilla in ages. 
@djcoombs - it's because Boris pulled the funding for it... there's no money to pay for it 
@DJCRONA naw...too tired to go out, been working the whole weekend and only one day off next week...need to rest   U going?
@djcrystalellis damn ur at one sunset tonight?  last time I was there the promoter was a dick :/
@djcure Missed u today 
@djd1414 I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@DJDal aye it's great no 3G so can only tweet at the hotel 
@djdannyc I'll be in downtown! ...working 
@djdariomusic haha yo i didnt smoke mota either but YO i got to messed up over there rite now im grubbin! I wish u guys stayed longr 
@DJDarkuJ i wish i could but i need to start my day lol,, have fun sleeping ,text me later cuz im getting off twitter 
@DjDATZ An another gets ready to bite the dust. 
@DjDATZ Awww, you always ask at horrible times   Stupid essay!
@DjDATZ My condolences 
@DjDavidVargas i really do miss it  this is the first time i havent come !!! if i would have know about the parade, i woulda come!
@djdeks - at santee alley. Talk about nostalgia lol. We used to by this place out at 17 and 18 now I can barely buy a pair of shoes 
@djdeliver I'm hungry and ur not helping!!! Bout to snack on some apple sauce and ur talking about shrimp pasta!! 
@djdnice  that would be a perfect time to test out silencing headphones.
@djdnice http://twitpic.com/7nifr - How you gonna post this around the time I leave 
@djdoggfather no ways! I was waiting for @djKT808 but he was still working so I'm heading home  sorry! At least I stopped by!
@DJDREW1027 I ammm 
@djdrizzle you're not even that far from us smh should have stopped in D-town 
@djdyme u coming to bmore and didn't even tell me 
@djeddieloco hey boo... Aint some sh*t, Yankees got rained out!  hav u figured out what movie ur gonna see!?
@djedjotronic euh maybe i lost the link to the tape... 
@djeebus i cant drink cause i dont have a dd to take of home 
@djEFN damnnnnnnn b  atleast u aint lose
@DJEIGHTMILE Good morning to u 2! Gr8 2 c u. Ready to rock 'n roll! Have to close twitter for a while 
@djelement show off  lol jk
@Djennings22 I've been feelin like that all month 
@DJEsquire Damn, I wish I was at that BBQ, damn sure ain't nothing like Bklyn BBQ's.  I'm missing BK right now. 
@djessencephx damn I was trying 2 get @TheRealSlush on that joint  ::Anger Management hurry &amp; kick it:: LoL so kiddin cant wait 2 hear it
@DJF8 YOU DIDN'T WATCH!? 
@djFerrari we shall have one of those nights again! Sorry for the random noises   (embarassed now)
@DjFilipino :-/ I ended up eating a taco and falling asleep like a old lady  ashamed
@DJFillmatic it was slow!  but whatever... We were running late and I didn't get a chance to check you out! Can u DM me ur #?
@djFlipout hi backtell @marlonenglish that im seeing my cousin lana this week!  not much info on the web on the new itunes udate/Serato 
@DjFlush but loosing the iPhone n tht too like this  khair I hope it gets fixed play around a bit ?
@DJFlyinSquirrel I can't. I work in the afternoon. Plus I don't have cash on me 
@djflykid and I didn't get a call 
@djflykid Cool! Sure we'll tweet-up soon (&amp; not just a host at the bar!) @LisaDEFG Oh yea, got 2 invites 2 that! LOL! ;) @MrHyrne Uh...no 
@djflykid Ooooh, boo!  We only see each other at the bar (at @titusofalltime's well) or miss each other! I'll make a pt of stopping by! ;)
@djfog86 aww, isn't that the way it always happens with your fantasy team? 
@DJFOLK @nick_love Looney Tunes huh?? I mean a lot of men can't handle a Scorpio womans' passion for life &amp; love.Too bad for you  LMAO
@djfoolish damn, they already got someone for pics  
@DJFreshSA Heard u did an amazing job at featherbrooke. i regret not goiing cuz everybody at Monash went. 
@DJgooDJourney awww maaan! I'm sorry!  I didn't check this until now! next time?
@djgraffiti Yeah I been trying to figure out how to do that. @Obanga The Wizard did not make a phone magically appear in my hand though. 
@djgraham I think @darkmonkey has found it (http://bit.ly/3pj876 , but I can't play it 
@djhappy115 awe wish I was there 
@DJHeatDC thanx, but no luck  Guess I'll just use my imagination
@djheavyness damn 
@djhiztory i miss my friend 
@djhollaback nah don't do that!!  I use to be a breast when I was in the game. I been laying low for a minute tho.
@djhollaback no one takes me seriously!!!!! And clearly u r not either. Forget it 
@djhsecondnature I want! 
@djhsecondnature My code hasn't turned up yet 
@djid you know me, bao 'wikki wikki ' binga... damn thunder and lightning up in this bish, and tropical rain too. there goes my bike ride 
@djillpugh I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@djimpact awww  feel better and eat soup
@djimpact if radio spins dont eqaul success or sales...wut does? 
@DJImpakt Damn! I wish I would went! I was invited!! Then my girls flaked &amp; I shoulda just went by myself but I fell asleep  How was it?!
@DJIncrediboi LOL how bout I'm mad hungry too I ended up not going!! 
@djirie  that would mean me babe! but Fcuk it my name @rozoonthego is SUPER FREAKIN COOL! I give myself a pass! HA!
@DJIronik im ok thanks wish it wasnt rainin tho  how r u ? x
@djjazzyjeff215 I know you said its done but like others, just sorry my city is so fucking whack!! 
@djjazzyjeff215 Sorry about your experience here in KC... I was feelin' your vibe and having a good time til that madness happened. 
@DJJAZZYJOYCE you got way too much records yo. now we pack all that on a memory stick. lol. i still aint get saroto yet. i miss records 
@djJealous I know, and I made a lot of it 
@djjohnnyj u not working tonite? Damn, I was gonna go hang out with u too 
@DJJSTAR whoa that sucks. that happens to me with my bus after midnite. smh 
@DJKNOITALL I dont think he wants me  He might not know what to do with this over here...I dont know what do you think...
@djknucklehead Are you guys actually fighting?  If so, i hope everything works out! No more fighting boys! You need to get along.
Gaby is home. No more having my own room  JK, I'm glad she's back
Gadz I'm gonna need to get up about half 5 the morra  wid burst ye!
Gah - we've now crammed so much into Clover we're getting OutOfMemory exceptions 
Gah ! Why do pubs in pune shut down so early? 
gah got tomorrrow off then exams allll the rest of the week 
gah have been at Netball since 8:30 this morning... only just got back...its almost 5:30 
gah havent twittered in a while  wondering how to fill out my application, finish 3 essays, and find the right monologue &amp; song in 1 week
Gah I dont feel like going for lecture but I have to submit my LAST assignment 
gah I miss u.. You kept popping into my head when I was doing practice anxiety tasks for music  sux that I can't txt u 
gah- i wanted to include a cake-eating pic of the baby in his birthday gift thank yous but target doesnt do wallet size online for pickup 
Gah ijust had to help my mom pull weeds 
Gah I'm so damn bored! everyone is sleeping...and the anger of the PPD Cubs Vs. Sox game is keeping me up! 
gah its still down 
gah my blood pressure wont go down i might end up in hospital bed rest soon 
Gah my dog shed all over my bed now i can't breathe 
gah my ears are crusty and sore from where I repierced them last night 
Gah new CD keeps skipping  liking the sound of it though!
gah omg math test was so hard...and my twitters not working i dunno why 
Gah so tierd! and i still have to get up at 5am 2morro 
Gah the sunlight is so bright today it's giving me a headache  Resorted to wearing new sunglasses
Gah what a stupid dream.. It makes me want it more. 
Gah why do I need to be cleaning on a day like this! Weather is perfect  why I can't I be wakeboarding right now
Gah why is everythingso complicated  makes me sadums
Gah work 2moro 
gah!  wishing I had cable, and therefore, MTV  
Gah! Apple! Apparently &quot;pause&quot; doesn't really mean pause! Starting over on download. 
Gah! Coffee breath!! 
Gah! DVD player stopped playing my DVD during really important part. 2nd movie rented that hasnt played right. Not happy. 
GAH! Failed download! 
Gah! Fucking card won't work on ebay for some reason! 
Gah! Had an interview for a position with a great company. Massive fail because I could remember basic algorithms from 6 years ago. 
Gah! Headache! Gah!....also wayyy to many meetings 
heading out for ankle surgery today so my painting must go &quot;on hold&quot; for a few days...  
Heading out for home. No one in Nashua wants to chill 
heading out for lunch and wanting to go for a ride after but isn't sure the weather is gonna hold   
Heading out for my stress test! I hope I don't die or get bad news   I guess dying would be bad news though...
Heading out for the movie night with Gibbs and Abby! Abby gets to pick the movie, though. 
Heading out from the Mariners game. Sitting in traffic 
heading out in the rain in search of a haircut.wish I could find @TeririMcculloch 's daughter, but not inclined to drive north  
Heading out of town, again, this week-end. A good friend is leaving the country. Last chance to see her 
Heading out the door on a Saturday night to ... are you ready ... check a leaking colostomy bag ... poor thing   
Heading out to Borders. I was going to buy Scott Pilgrim but they're all out  Oh well, there's always Amazon!
Heading out to cousin Veys' for Julies' going away party.  Sure will miss her.  
Heading out to pick up some pool chemicals &amp; shop for Grad dress for my soon to be middle schooler 
haha i miss everyone over the weekend i really can't imagine summer with out everyone 
haha i willl....off to school 
Haha I would! K ima stop tweeting I sense I'm annoying some ppl! 
haha ign just got a flood of people on their free servers... sucks for me 
haha I'm bored too  it sucks
Haha i'm so fat. I did a backflip once I found out hubaluvin would be bringing me food! I'm dying of hunger tweeps 
Haha its too early 
haha last day of classes  haha im sorry i just don't see you point your point of view hann?  :O
haha lol actually i gotta go down the village 2 buy a prezzie 4 liz!! lol nd i also gotta clean me rabbit out!! god we got skl 2moz!! 
Gah! I can't hook my Xbox up to the internet... probably due to the access codes we need to insert before going on for the first time. 
Gah! I hate classes when the weather is so amazing  I want summer holidays...but I won't have them ;( stupid uni...
GAH! I'm broke in one account and not in another but chuffing NAtionwide wont let me transfer it internally!! 
Gah! I'm gonna be the only single one there! I'll be all alone. 
Gah! I'm tired and my eye's hurt 
gah! Just found out I'm not indexed in Bing 
Gah! Just remember I have to go to work tomorrow  Woohoo!! It's my LAST day until September   ;-)
GAH! locked out of my email  darn hotmail and there unscheduled updates!!
Gah! Missed @WhedonTrivia question again! And for once, I saw it, I just said &quot;Meh, I'll answer later.&quot; *hits self on head* 
Gah! Missed The Listener on CTV cuz I thought it was later on than it really was. Now I have to wait until 11:00 to watch it on NBC 
GAH! My day off and im doing laundry, no fun at all 
gah! old people parties are lame! i hate constant fake smiling 
Gah! Ran the same distance as last week. Still stuck at the 1km mark  I think I need to do 3 runs a week if I'm going to improve.
Gah! Taking freaking ages for my CSI: NY episodes to download 
Gah! The blasted DMV!! Now serving 55 and I'm 78 
Gah! We planned and executed perfect salutes as we launched on Rita; Queen of Speed, but the camera broke! 
gah! why is ice age 3 on at 17:50? i don't get into town till 18:00  not impressed
Gah!! &quot;Orange Days&quot; is making me cry! Why wasn't I warned?! 
GAH!! Exam's few hours away! 
Gah!! Holiday is ending 
Gah!! Internet moving at a crawl 
Gah!!! #openvideo starts referencing rapid prototyping, and the video stream conks out. My worlds collide, and I can't follow along? 
Gah!!! I want to go to pamona tomorrow why do I have to like 200 miles away! 
Gah!!!! Work!  TOOOOOO CCCCOOOOLLLLLDDDDDD
gah, i always miss the stickam chats 
Gah, I am going to die of boredom today 
Gah, I can feel pass out times coming on  best lie down x
Gah, I feel absolutely wretched  I think, early to bed tonight, but I guess I should see a doctor first.
gah, i just don't find conan funny  i'm sorry for the lame with a side of losersauce
Gah, I love developing with Firefox + Firebug, but it sucks that it's such an unstable environment right now  new profile, here I come!
gah, I need to find a swimming pool around here already. I need to work owtttt 
Gah, I screwed it up the first time  All sorted now, OS X is installing fine XD Just got to make sure everythings running correctly.
Gah, I sprained my LEFT ankle... Just after I got over the torn ligament for my right foot. Looks like it's back to walking with a cane 
Heading out to the apartment pool...haven't actually used it yet, hopefully there won't be 100 kids in it 
heading out to the last dance 
Heading out to work! It's Monday again. 
Heading out with the boyfriend to the mac store soon  going to try really really hard not to buy anything!!!
Heading out. On the road again. Long flight, already hungry 
heading outside, hating the fact that its sunday!! 
heading over the Joe and Leslie's abode for some pizza...without Leslie 
Heading over to pick up Larry's car. $280 inspection.  Could have bern worse though...
Heading over to Sakura to get my nails did. Wish @Arterbery was here with me. 
heading to @shinedrumco to see the crew and return my favorite drum set. boo 
Heading to a job interview. Leaving my baby behind is tough...already feeling separation anxiety  Do I really want this job?
Heading to a party in dade city with my lovelies, @viablanca and lacey! Wish I had a certain boy in arms reach 
Heading to an all day work retreat at the State Park  Why? My boss is crazy, no one wants to sit in the sun all day w/ their co-workers
Heading to another call. Guess I'll do my 12 he shift tomorrow with an hour of sleep. 
gah, i want to go clothes shopping so much but im saving for my comp... controlling an addiction is sooooo hard. 
Gah, I wish I was attending the MMVAs. 
Gah, I wish Twitter would block @asd123 already. It's ruining the #futuresummit stream (and the other trending streams) 
Gah, if only I were sure about the written portion, then I would be studying for chem instead of bio 
Gah, installing Adobe AIR on Fedora 10 is a bitch. &quot;yum whatprovides&quot; is your friend and it still doesn't work 
GAH, just remembered that I gave my friend the dress I wanted to wear tonight and she never returned it... EVERYTHING's going wrong 
Gah, last days suck. :/ bye first year teachers 
gah, need to get another certificate of health thing for going to Japan 
gah, not feeling good. i blame the weather 
Gah, precious boys and their missing of each other already. Someone send Spencer a Jon, please 
gah, raiiiiiiin   I wanna ride BMX today
Gah, realised I left my headphones at Vapiano earlier.    Really hoping somone handed them in, will be going by to check tomorrow.
gah, Samsung releasing Pixon 12... but i just got my pixon 2 months ago... oh well, guess i'd do a trade in / top up... 
gah, server monitoring is a pain, nothing does what I want nicely 
Gah, the tap water here is dreadful.  Come on Mr Water Cooler man, bring us some new bottles immediately!
Gah, the weekend is half over.  After two long weekends, I'm not ready for just two days!!!
gah, where do I start? 
Gah. For the 7 millionth time, misremembered plans and checked about 2 hrs after I should have left. Meat &amp; alcohol bought, train late. 
Gah. Hate server outages. Mail AND sites are down 
Gah. Have stuff to write about, need pictures, flickr not loading for me. So annoying. 
Gah. I have to go and buy a bathing suit. I don't do two-pieces, so hopefully there will be shorts with my name on them. I can't swim. 
gah. i have to suffer while my sister attempts to &quot;play&quot; the guitar. 
Gah. I just uploaded 96 pictures... WRONG. D: I have to start over completely. 
gah. musical instruments. too many. buuuuurn them! i am tired of carrying them. 
Gah. My motivation has run away. I miss it  I could do with it right now, really.
gah. my wrist is still hurting 
gah. not the greatest day. i'm so clumsy i ended up on the ground when walking to the common room.. grazed my knee and bruised my wrist 
Gah. Started making some major headway on my crashreporter app, and then I hit Symphony's subsection field limitations again 
Gah. This exam stuff is exhausting. Gah 
Gah. Why is it lately whenever I take a plane I get sick in the next couple of days? I can feel a cold coming on 
Haha maybe I am a little of a bitch!! Awww 
haha My mom and sister are going to mexico tomorrow, I will miss you  http://is.gd/R9OK
Haha my number of updates is the year I was born! Except I'll have ruined it when I send this one  Oh well xxx
haha need a fake I.D as I'm not legal in the states yet 
HAHA new videos gunna be up on SHAKEDOWNN! www.youtube.com/shakedownproductions Jays going to FL for a week  Notfunn. AND new hair!
haha no more blackberry  but, mtv sucks at live stuff lol! they cut so much off
haha one and the same, makes me miss @sweetweakness   haha ♥
haha pecker your lucky... im sober as a bird.. lol im still up.  tonight was a boring night!!
haha sadly no.. I'm doing Psychology at Sheffield!  Nowhere near her party location  what are u doing?
haha saturday wasnt as bad as i thout it was gonna b, but i still dnt hav any clear answers 
HAHA shot someone in the face with mai EPIX shotgun but he dident die  good game lol &quot;Pawngame.com&quot;
heading to bed guys, up at 5.30 for work 
heading to bed soon! work in the am 
heading to bed watching the golden girls missing someone special 
Heading to bed! All kinds of crazy stuff happened in the world today, Iowa coaches killed, TX loses, Iran, SC Governor.  Sleepn on it!
Heading to bed, leaving @nailhead and @thesabs in a few hours 
heading to bed, somewhat reluctantly, as there is Look Around You on at 1:30. Why must the DVDs be Region 2 only? 
Heading to bed.  My day off is *sniff, sniff* over.  Back to work 1st thing in the morning. 
heading to bed. i hope it doesnt rain tomorrow. 
Heading to bed. Tomorrow I've got to do grad class reading &amp; work on the yearbook from home. It's gotta be a &quot;work day&quot; not a &quot;slack day&quot; 
Heading to bed.. still a little confused, probably because it's almost 3 am. . 
heading to bed....still no email 
Heading to boston, I lost my ipod  I'm seriously upset
Heading to Buckeye Lake to hang with Catherine and thinking 'I wish I didn't have to work tomorrow' 
Heading to cafe to meet freak face.. Done 2 hours straight revision this morning.,,, aah tmro.. 
heading to cathedral. late  #onroad
Heading to church. Also, unbeknownst to me, found out my mom's side of fam reunion is today. Wish I could be there...kinda sad 
gah... i swear my tush hates me!! its all fooked up and dropping bombs all over 
gah...feels like i have something stuck in the back of my throat...its so sore!!!  best get on with the uni work i suppose.
gahh final exams sooon! 
Gahh funeral in a hour 4 my great aunt.. my cali fam is coming in.. .i dont think ive even met them..  lame much? 
Gahh I need a job!!! I want a new guitar...like now 
gahh i'm hungryy &gt;_&lt; i should've had something at the tea/dinner shizz 
Gahh its raining  &lt;Fob is my life&lt;3&gt;
gahh my sister took my phone recharger to sydney now i can't recharge my phone 
gahh noo!peyton needs to live!this is horrible 
Gahh! .. Remembered that not only do I have to go back to school tomorrow but that I also have English mocks ..  Damn it! ..
GAHH! cant sleep. everytime i lay down my stummy hurtsss.  
gahh! i hate that my foxtel isnt working! now i cant watch mtv movie awards today 
Gahh! I have to take this awful gross syrup for this stupid cough. Oh well, here goes nothing. 
gahh! last night was aight at necros.. slept over at maceys, now im at home getting ready for church. cant hang out today 
gahh! still cant sleep  someone entertain me
Gahh, days like today stress me out. Three residents going in three different directions, a sick baby, and a whiny grounded resident. 
Gahh, I just spilt hot chocolate all down my top and burnt myslef a bit 
gahh, i wish that i was in the city tomorrow for the MMVAs!!! so many celebrities are in town 
gahh, i'm hungry. Mummy, mummy. where are you? 
gahh. i need to go to bed. i feel like crap right now 
gahh. i wish my pool was open! 
gahh...telstra bigpond not working  and stupid free wireless is slow as.....*sad face* guess i cant do phys
gahhh arm's aren't working, portfolio defeated me  next few days are going to be interesting...! x
gahhh I cant get the skype thing to work on my phone 
Gahhh I don't feel like attending lecture but I gotta submit my LAST assingment 
Gahhh I have nothing to wear for the BIG day tmrw! 
gahhh I'm so bloody mad...I cant find my hot water bottle 
gahhh just realuzed this is my last day of having no food restrictions until wednesday night.  darn youuuu GI issues!
Gahhh THIS TWITTER APP FAILS 
gahhh too much Sims = I has a bad headache  2hrs modding a house into Silver Rose and thats just the yard.  Dinner time now
gahhh, loads of homework 
Gahhhh havent been on twitter for 3 days .... 
Haha so I just had dish soap in my mouth  don't even ask long story short some how some soap ended at rim of my cup
haha taylor swift rapping with t-pain. i love her. and cant believe it was only 5 days ago that i saw her live. it seems like forever ago 
Haha the second one. I had to use cotton balls 
haha they always leave you guys 
haha u dont know wat i just went through  =P my ankle hurts 
haha wow i believe i just got dumped.boys suck 
Haha wowwww..... Lol i wish i couldve gone  but im in the finals in 45 min.!!!!
haha yeah, 
haha yer i think so! ahhhh just this long thing involving some stupid girl who my bf cheated on me with being FB friends again... 
Heading to church... Never got an answer 
Heading to cousin's graduation at Lawndale HS with the familia! Mann, I got a bad sun burn from yesterday!  Lol Have a nice day everyone!
Heading to CT tomorrow to deal with reality...Definitely hate going there 
Heading to dinner with friends. Looking forward to getting caught up, but will miss Fran.  
Heading to doctor on base.... 
Heading to door with geoff daddy and Ryan Ross daddy... @lanejohnson daddy got too drunk to go out tonight.  he's still living it though
heading to dorm to get some rest... damn u cold please take off, it's only monday 
Heading to dreamland soon... been a rainy boring day, I spent my time online... what to do 
heading to gym eventhough muscle's are still aching 
Heading to Happy Hour @ Sherlock's Addison... then has no clue whats going on! Text msging still off  Unlimited minutes FTMFW 
Heading to home hill 
heading to Lochgilphead for the largest kids carnival yet... 160 drummers! and yes, it had to happen, it's pouring 
Heading to London. So hot today! Wish I was wearing a dress/skirt but I daren't not knowing tomorrow or Wednesday's weather 
Haha yes it is long  I'm sorry! But I didn't like any of the short ones unfortunately! Its really plain, its a black, long halter
haha yes. it made me sad 
Haha!  I am having a blast at the ool all by my lonesome!  My other two mermaid friends left me out here...alone and thirsty.  
HAHA! @missclarissaann I know, im such a light weight  @mamccarthy mmmm rum and oj!
HAHA! Boone just referenced Star Trek &amp; the red shirts! Which is ironic, cause he's holding a red shirt, plus the obvious 
HAHA! It was great! Now I'm home &amp; sick 
haha! its amazing isnt it! miss you! i wanna come back 
HAHA! NOTHING 
Haha!!!!! No starbucks for me  Did u see hangover yet?
Haha, @garyvee was great on Fallon! Only thing that would have been better would be if I was at the party 
Heading to me madre's to feed her ailing kitty cats. Wish I had an easier time transferring my car plates today. Dampens travel plans 
Heading to mum and dads for a BBQ shortly and to catch the end of the BTCC. I hate not having Sky! 
Heading to my final day at work 
heading to my genius bar appointment 
Heading to my La-Z-Boy chair to watch tv and fall asleep. 
Heading to my second to last piano class. I'm actually gonna miss it a lot 
heading to NY tomorrow ...... in your dreamz 
Heading to paulas soccer game....with no sour starburst 
Heading to pluit hospital... Huuufff, don't like hospital.. 
Heading to sallys for a lovely day of work. Forgot my hot pockets at home. 
Heading to San Francisco to the 1C Company show tonight. TSA took my shaving cream and shampoo. Apparently bottles too big!! 
heading to school and really missing JC today 
Heading to school in about 25 miniutes. Got a math test today &amp; im really scared  Tweet later ;D
Heading to school now. Promotion will be tonight after school so need to go through an entire day of school first 
Heading to school. Hope I don't get a detention for not getting my card signed. I only had 3 days, everyone had more. 
gahhhh why am I not sleeping 
gahhhh! I fucking can't sleep, I've been disturbed by eminem's new album  THIS IS THE TIME I NEED SLEEPY PILLS 
gahhhh!!! enrollment o_O it's crazy tiring. but i bet i'll miss it when i graduate. i bet i'll miss everything when i graduate!! 
gahhhh!!! my stupid zune wont work AT ALL!!  help me??? #zunesupport #zune #support #help
gahhhh.. im so angry.. my hiptop isnt letting me go on the net.. i think im addictedto twitter 
GAHHHHH!!! MISSING LEAKYCON! 
gahhhhhhhh exams. 
Gahhhhhhhhh examm in 4 hours  Andd I miss Jamie 
GAHHHHHHHHHHHH how did I miss all those solo years...... 
gain a lot of weight.. i'm okay 
gained 3 pounds 
gained it all back 
gaining weight cos of pendnisolone. damn lupus sucks 
gala weekend... and i'm trying to get over a cold 
Galileo; Was tried by the Inquisition, found &quot;vehemently suspect of heresy&quot;, forced to recant, The rest of his life under house arrest. 
gam going all fugly on me 
game 2 not till sundayy.?? whoa what am i gonna do till then? what am i gonna do when the finals are over no more bball till oct/nov 
Game 4th in my second touney after losing it on the flop  Gonna raise the stakes now in my 3rd tourney, 25k
game effing sucked. 
Game in a bit. God its HOT outside. 
Game on radio: Anyone know if todays game is live on the radio?  Ma dad has to work  and wants to listen.  Che.. http://tinyurl.com/oozrmd
game on sunday come on lads  training atm 
game over; Warriors lose 
game this morning, Let's Go Braves!!!  Then... studying 
Game was rained out  http://yfrog.com/5jisabj
gameprogirl quit. And I made it to her thank you list  Bye bye game :'(  and I just got over the chocolate issue too.....
haha, I am going now...i is now or never, I told the net is evil. 
Haha, I just noticed that I spelled &quot;sale's&quot; wrong. FAIL. 
Haha, I'm sooo bored.... Friends are great aren't they? Oh I broke my TV... 
Haha, okay. I'm done. Hopefully Twitter decides to work back home. If not, well, I'll get on when I can 
Haha, the girls in front of me bought gifts for paramore. it makes me feel bad... 
Haha, there are people that tweet about spymaster....*sighs*...myspace/facebook, here goes twitter 
haha, yahoo people made fun of me coz I suck with computers. yahoo's mean 
Haha. Almost. He was just about to come over when his parents changed their minds. 
Heading to the airport and reality. 
Heading to the Apple store today...having several issues with my MBP and its only been a week 
Heading to the barn now, it's still damp out.  
Heading to the bay.  Sad to say goodbye to my fellow gymnastics obsessor/coach 
Heading to the Carpathians in about 1.5 hours. Forecasted to rain all weekend  Gotta go pack my hiking pack, will update as we go...
Heading to the golf course. Looks like rain. 
Heading to the gym. Toning mania on the agenda for today. I am feeling tired. I hope I am not getting sick 
heading to the hospital soon 
heading to the lake today. Hoping weather cooperates! If not we'll be stuck in the house. 
Heading to the land of fruits and nuts (San Francisco) for the week for the RSA Conference. Missing my Jamie. 
heading to the library to pay up some fines 
heading to the neurologist... wish HIM luck.  im so sick of these migraines! today is his last chance! otherwise its back to square 1 
Heading to the pool for one last day. 
heading to the pulmonologist 
heading to the SATs 
Heading to the show... Feeling AWFUL! 
Heading to Wisco today to see family. Hope the sun comes out sometime during our vacation 
Heading to WM shopping. Wishing it was shopping in atl but not today 
Heading to work 
heading to work  cant be assed! :'(
Heading to work 2-12   txtt me plz only 3 mooreee dayysss!!!!!!!!! ahh can't wait to be with all the girls again
heading to work late.  
Heading to work....ugh on a Sunday. 
Heading to work..Today is just a repeat of yesterday 
Heading to Ybor City for Sushi with my bud Jason. Fam is in Tx.  
Heading up to OC. It's glommy and I'm tired and fell asleep so now I'm grouchy.  Does anyone have an extra ticket for chain tonight??
haha. done with my hair. about to leave for schoool. 
haha. ew indeed. but good for you! i`ll be getting exams too soon enough  so lame. weekends are too short !
haha. i only use this for celebs. friends are to gay for twitter 
Haha. Sounds like you had fun! I just wish you and brandi were still coming....   *~Krys~*
haha.. guess I'll stop writing to myself.. guess you need followers to read this  
haha.. why spoil the fun   http://twitpic.com/68kyv
haha...i keep talking to people but no one reply me back...! it's sucks!!! obviously....to bad i'm not artist i guess... 
haha..these people cant stop me.. another jugaar and twitter's working.. but why only twitter 
Headinngg to worrkk   be off at 7:15 pm
Headn to the airport 
HeadN to walmaRt  b-baK and BroKe, lol damn wal-marT
headning back down to norwich tomorrow,   cant wait, but 8 and a half hours travel 
Headphones are fuxed. I guess that's what I get for gnawing on the cable like a rodent. Sennheiser, WHY ARE YOU SO DELICIOUS?! 
headphones broken 
Headphones slide off. goodnight. I hope everyone feels better. 
Head's spinning. Played a bit too much #QuakeLive. No inspiration for anything else today.  Won my first Free 4 All though. Silver lining.
heads stuck in my math textbook...not a good day  
Headwinds and muscle fatigue will keep us to 52 miles today. 
healing and frustrated, what a fun combination. i miss the freedom of my car. 
Healing is needed my teeth hurts 
Health and math exam today 
Health care in Nevada sucks. I miss Cali  Havent been seen in an hour!
Health fair is done.  Quite an experience!  Wish I was in Las Vegas at the WSOP!  I think classes are going to keep me away this year. 
Heaps upset the saints game isn't being televised! 
Hear it's raining in SF  Oh well, we will probably go the the Eagle for beer bust anyway.
Heard a little bit of the Parsec panel at #balticon that I was on. Oh dear.. I fear I took the opportunity to swagger a little bit much. 
heard a very small cat meowing and wasn't allowed to go and see it 
heard a wierd noise outside  pissing myself laughing coz my sis has a cricket bat! i'm still scared! @kidquizine and @NAT3OH3 help me!!!!!
heard about Air France #447...very sad news to start the week  
Games aren't scary anymore. The last scary game I played was Shadow of the Colossus. Whooo!, I couldn't play that in the Dark. 
Games Day Spain 09 - Blood Angels, Templars, Nids and Necs 'in the works': http://bit.ly/rv4k9 No big surprises like with Susan Boyle lol 
Games have been moved. 3 hour delay. Grrr. Have to wait till like 1:30 to play. Instead of 10:30 
Games was really boring 
Gandalf is awesome. Am I going delirious or is Father's Day soon? Denithor(sp?) is a bitch ass, fuck him! Marcel won't come be my friend 
Ganguly no longer KKR captain  http://www.iplt20.com/news/2009/articles/12298.html
ganna go get some shut-eye. school tomorrow   see that matt hardy stole jeff's cookies and now hes beating up beth the basher. lol jks
Ganna hang out in the balcony to watch the youth conference video. I kinda soozed thru the message   -Ben M.
Gap won't allow app to use its brand after contest  http://bit.ly/svoMj
garage clearing, again  when will it all end ???????
Garage sale is over  now for studying. Blech.
Garage sale was a bust. 
Garbage can's lid is broken... it won't stay down.  Growl. Coffee now... or there will be serious consequences.
Gardening faery does not exist.  
Gareth's back to work today 
gargh. working on chapter 10. it's not going as i planned 
garr so much to think about so little time to think it through   
Garrett needs to be more open. 
heard an awesome kings of leon cover on the Strombo Show. Shazam couldn't tell me who it was 
Heard AT&amp;T selling mini laptops for 50 bucks. Got excited, then learned that the special was only for Atlanta/Philly. 
heard bad news for a friend's child. Shit... 
heard english woman say today 'when is it going to rain?' We've had nice weather for all of 6 days...down turn starts tmw apparently 
Heard from house sitter - no one has come to look at the leaking roof yet - UGH! And it's still raining back home 
Heard it's bad bad weather in Moscow.... 
Heard John Legend's &quot;This time&quot; played on RX..It's the first time that I pay attention on the lyrics...It made me to go emo state 
heard my &quot;cocoon&quot; range was on the cover page of Whats Hot today...Didnt get a chance to look at it 
Heard Relaspe...not all that great. Sorry Eminem 
heard some people may be getting their iPhone 3G S tomorrow, not me 
Heard that #clothdiapers was trending last night. Wish I hadn't missed that.  but yay!
Heard the sad news. I suppose no more Lebron v. Kobe commercials 
Heard there's bad weather in Manhappiness. Bet the food would still kick the heck outta the slop I just got in S. Dakota. Amateur night! 
Heard today Susan Boyle lost  I still think that she can become a successful singer!
Heard today that the shop I worked in until last month will be closing within days. Feel really sad for the &quot;Birthday Girls&quot; 
heard tomorrow is bandh bholi ko #midweekcrisis k garne 
hearing bling live now just makes me miss the sam's town tour so much more 
Hears her bed sheets calling, but my body says too bad. 
hears it's April, but still sees February when he looks outside. Also, woke up with PVCs. Lovely.    http://twitpic.com/2yft8
hears the disneyland fireworks. 
hears the village's &quot;death bells&quot; ringing for someone who has passed away 
heart attack! My heart is still rushing. I couldn't turn it off, so I had put it in the loading dock to silence it. Think it's broken. 
Gary Papa has died.  www.wpvi.com  
Gary Papa, Harry Kalas...isn't a good year for Philadelphia news icons 
Garys house broke. 
gas crossed $3/gallon in Redmond again. 
Gas is $2.79 now!! $10 used to get me half a tank 
Gas is $2.98 here.  And so it begins. Guess I won't be travelling that much over the summer. Only for special trips.
Gas is expensive here   http://twitpic.com/3lst3
Gas is so expensive again 
gas over $3 again 
-gasp- Momo might need to go Wallaby  from Oct - Nov 
GASP! *as he surfaces for air* Phew! It seems there's a life going on outside of work, must try it sometime.... 
gasp! meat &amp; seafood often treated w sodium tripolyphosphate so food retains moisture &amp; shelf life extended. thx wkpdia 
GASP] pulleaase dont hate me if u ask me a question and i dont answer you ... at any given time. i just cant see you! sorry 
Gated estate, 24 hour security, off street parking &amp; some totally pissed wanka still manages to run up the back of my friends car! WTF!? 
GaTheatre burning in Athens Ga this morning, only able to salvage exterior walls an marquee-maybe 
gathering up mass amounts of courage...and changing my bed sheets...i hope i don't encounter that spider 
gathering up some knitting and heading to the playground, 75 and sunny today, rain forcast tomorrow - and the forseeable future 
gatorade taste bad after brushing your teeth 
gauze is annoying and i think the numbness is going away 
Gave a rev disc to my tow truck driver.  He was stoked, but as you can imagine, i'm not too thrilled to HAVE a towtruck driver. Old van 
Gave a talk on &quot;Making sense of statistics&quot; to health service managers this morning. I think I made it too technical 
Gave B an original @plaz ceramic super hero plate. He was soooo excited! 20 min later it fell off the table + broke. He was beyond sad. 
gave Bella a hair cut, she looks like a poodle. haha... I miss my Freakmont Friends!!! 
gave Conner his 1st bottle today in preparation for returning to work. 
heart breaking 
Heart breaking loss for the Celtics 
Heart Broken! .... &lt;/3  .... 
heart burn  thanks chicken strips, hahah
heart goes out to the families of the people on the air france plane.. terrible, 
Heart heavy with the loss of Buddy Pitman. One of the finest folks at WKML. We'll miss you. 
Heart is aching that I had to say goodbye to my upset baby as I left for work.     Hope he has a better day.
Heartbreaking loss by the phils tonight 
Heartbreaking news for swinf flu family as they have lost their baby too  http://bit.ly/XyKMe
-heartbroken  how could he&gt;?
Heartbroken ... &quot;little guy&quot; didint make it 
heartbroken / confused / pissed off. 
Heartbroken again!!!  
heartbroken and tired...i hope the iranians do not suffer in vain. my heart hurts for my people  #iran #iranelection
heartbroken over little sandra. prayers are with the family. 
heartbroken thanks to @jordanknight. I totally rushed home, drove thru an earthquake, and ran a red light to get home to find out i lost! 
heartbroken, shocked, scared, crying.      no,no,no,no,no,no,no,no,     
HeartBroken... I'm sad that he takes advantage of the way I feel about him 
heartburn &amp; depression 
Heartburn...? WTF!?! i cant win 
heart's freezing 
heat 15 line up. Havvy stoney howe karlson scunny got best gates 
Heat exhaustion  ugh.
Heat index is 115 degrees today  
Heat posioning  Keep getting sick n it hurts to move! I need my Bubba!! Cant wait till after his band practice to see him...
heath ledger was georgous. so sad 
Heatherrrr It wont let me send messages to you 
Heathrow Connect is �7.40,i thought it was a bargain (express is 15),but then it terminated at Hayes/Harlington and i had to take a bus 
HEATHUS 
heaven gained an angel. REST IN LOVE Grandma. 
Heaven is announcing ... Heeeeeeer's Ed! RIP Ed McMahon  
heaven just got a little more beautiful. RIP Farrah. her family is in my prayers. 
haha.@jacquieeBJ. wat time is ur exam tomorrow?? yea. FB is getting soooo weird! 
hahah  I don't have a life and I am short or Emelie says so... I don't agree (a) she's evil 
hahah i just passed out for 3 hours.  :\
Hahah! Eminem got Brüno ass in the face &amp; now he's angwy  
Hahah.. this is nuts. I keep on searching for our web site. I can't find it. 
hahaha . . im back . . trying to connect to Theressa since she's in Lebonon and she can't use her phone 
Gave in2 muffin n milk again.     (it was yummy!) lol! ;p
Gave katy a devil tail as a last 9383211 decision. Tree has been chopped  but idc!
gave my cute kitty Remi to my dad today 
Gave my dog away today, very sad 
Gave my phone to the grandparents for a bit. Thy left it in the car all day. 
Gavin had ojo..  had to do the whole egg thing..... And it really worked,he stopped crying WOW!!! Hmmmm :/
Gavin woke up with 3-4 spider/mosquito bites on his head! He was just getting rid of the few on his arm/legs...Poor little man 
Gawd bless no person should be working on Saturday!!! 
Gawd I h8 working  I wish I could sleep l8ter ugh FML
gawd i have so many frienimes but not enough friends! Who am i supposed to go swimming with 2moro? 
Gawd I missed whole foods. But now I miss vegemite 
gawd i woke up this morning and it was rainig, gutter 
gawd my nose is huge!  my passport pic tomorrow is going to look so yucky.  
GAWD y does life have to be soooo BORRRRRRRRRINg 
GAWD! I'm feeling so depressed! I wanna cry! 
Gawd, someone fix my internet connection, please 
gawdd some people are mean 
gawdddd its sunday 
gawking at the $60 we're gonna spend on gas next week in ONE DAY just for a quick trip to Kirkland from Idaho  stupid braces!!!!
Gawwddd. I give up. Eggs hate me   http://twitpic.com/7ypma
gay bitches with no wristbands 
GBT - Gah, I can't bear to see the kids cry.  Stop it dammit, your're making me put my sad face on.  
GCSE in 45 minutes! I'll probably rush it and fall asleep till the end. The weather is horrible today 
GCSEs = Blegh! but on the plus side I'm off until next thursday... 2nd triple award biology test 
Heavily medicated but can't sleep. Ugh... 
Heavy life issues going on!   
Heavy nausea 
Heavy rain + beach travel traffic = stress. Folks still insist on passing at 70mph. 
Heavy rain delayed outsider Tallahassee 
heavy rain here now 
heavy rain in Daejeon, and I couldn't go cin cin 
heavy rain outside, but i'm not allowed to go home early i'll make bantay pa for the two pasaway 
Heavy Rain with ice stones in Electroniccity... Power cut here 
Heavy rains in Rome. Still stuck inside with a cold 
hebat ! my bro' is the highest score for UN in his school . huaaaaaa gw kalahh 
heck !!! im tired ... .getting no time for my guitar .... !! 
Heck yes got release on my knee and ankle, now basketball this weekend, sucky part is that i have to wear a brace for a year for both 
Heck!    I wanna go to the fat farm with @kirstiealley
Hectic day tomorrow gotta get up early  night all, tweet laters 
Hectic weekend... finally have a chance to rest! 
Hedgehog prints...http://twitpic.com/7jj3c Think I may have blocked my screen tho 
Hedo Turkoglu's agent told the Sentinel on Mon the Magic forward will opt out of contract &amp; become a free agent in 2 wks (via @WFTV) 
hee. i'll miss melbourne  and i suddenly miss blink 182. HAHAHA
Heeeeeeeeey!!!!!!!! I'm bored  oh well I always am.
heeeeey @tiffanixo did your power go out? you live just a few blocks away! mine did  for a little while..
Heeeeey I can't find no stinkin twidget  I searched the market.. anyone know of a diff name? Boo! I wanna widget! @rosco_pico
heeeellp meee  ahhhhh i dunno what i'm gonnaa do tomoz!
heeeey tweets. my weeekends is runing smoothly, summma is up &amp; running. whatcould be better. oh yaah, and shitty weather too. 
Heeellllooooo......sorry you missed Rt in Chicago Patty 
heeey  .. cant wait to give french up in 3 weeks .. as i got french hwk and i dont understand &quot;/ .. bad that i still have physics thou  x
heeh I m tired of all the guys &gt;.&lt; why guys these days are so unromantic? 
Heey ! so bord campin was like wtf ? it was raining all the time  love  ya all xxo
Heeyy Well Bored  Not Up To Much Keep Me Posted Tbh  I Actually Dont Know What To Do ??   
heh bill with Selena Gomez on my wall , i want bill with Demi  too
HAHAHA . online again ! at last  .. bored 
hahaha @madinalake XD love you guys, btw: more europe dates please! 
hahaha bitch!! This kid (natzy kid) pisses me off and at the same time.....ugh so complicated.... 
hahaha class starts noww 
hahaha i dont know how to use this shit 
Hahaha I got a text from some random number telling me I won 250000 dollars hahahaha I wish it wasn't some dodgy scam 
HAHAHA I have just remembered a plot line in one of my old fics. wish I still had it! 
Hahaha I know! Did you know I'm still in pain? 
hahaha I love Alices adventures in wonderland. Uhm... I've bleached my hair too much. bleaching is dangerous haha i've burned my hair 
hahaha i tried 59 times to get thru to the hitlist to talk to andy but it was busy 
hahaha if i'm not working i'll def be there!  if i'm working late i'm gonna have to pass. 
hahaha i'm so hormonally insane right now! i cried in the shower and now i'm mad at my life. also i want chocolate 
HAHAHA interview of kimi when he was 21 &amp; his voice is sooooooo cute , he's 30 now &amp; his voice isn't as cute as before 
gd morning everyone and the weather still doesnt look like its gonna be nice today 
gd morning Saturday. awoke. have about 3hrs for a couple of tasks in the city, then will have to leave to suburb. not a lazy Saturday 
gd morning tweets! Today is my last day in Bali..    i dun think i can leave. Sobss
Gd morning twitters, I'm up! Two damn early  catch up with y'all later! B safe Love &amp; Blessings:]
Gd morning! Thanks for @fahadfakhro for waking me up :@! Body aches from body pump yesterday!  again today! Who's in? :p
gd mrning all it's monday  but the upside there is only 4 dys til wknd
gdamn procrastination...still loads of work to do tonight 
gdnyt rainy saturday! no fun... 
GDT is down, don't know why  More info soon (hopefully)
Gearing up for a long workday...I strongly dislike people who arrive late to get their kids!!!!!!! 
Gearing up for work tommorow  Still tryna find a way of merging my love for hiphop and writing with work...so work is longer WERK!
gearing up to brave the cold winters night on the tram back home. Yes public transport!! 
gears broke again 
Gee it looks as if it's gonna rain 
gee this is so hard, when a recipient is not following you you cant even send a direct message 
gee, even when max IS here he isn't here 
gee, i miss watching selena and demi on youtube  ) imma watch again! I JUST LOVE `EM \/ lol ))))))))))))))))
gee, looks like I need more coffee, my follow friday does not have my tweeters in red 
Gee, Mom, thanks for waking me up at 6:30 this morning, I so appreciate not sleeping in on the weekend 
hahaha math exam was shit 
hahaha my cousin at her competion! she dropped it 2 times!  but they still got 1st place! wooh! got kristian/tati!
hahaha wooo employee of the month!  what a wierd night... very funny.. im so so so tired nowww  and more work tonight!
Hahaha yea about that your the only low life in the city! Haha jk i know i am  stfuu lol. I know im so fucken excited! Woo hoo.
hahaha yeah i see that. but he can't twitter me back 
hahaha!! i like twitter but...i don't now something 
Heh. I need to twitter more often. Am frustrated by inability to locate IO Echo CD 
Heh. Im glad my mood went to shit. I need my cassandra 
Heh. Logged into Rhy at exactly the moment the servers went down for their weekly all-day maintenance. Score one for poor timing. 
hehe i like my britney spears purfume, smells pretty. matt at work, has pretty writing i told him that he just sarcastically said it back 
hehe that would be cool actually .. i really wanted to see them 
Gee. It stopped raining and now it feels hot. What a strange weather! Wooosh. Probably due to global warming? 
Gee. It stopped raining. Strange weather!! Woosh. Gawd. Perhaps due to global warming? 
Gee...more airline fees to look forward to: http://tinyurl.com/n4pswa even Southwest has turned to the dark side 
Geeeeez! I hate the smell of those millipeed things!!! Ugh! Make me vomit! 
geeemt, oq aconteceu com o twitter @RafaBaronesi ??? excluiram? 
geekgasm stymied by potential impending loss of a family member 
GEESH ITS POURIN' lk seriously where is all this water comin from? Rain isnt soothing when its EVERDAY it takes away the joy 
geeting back to work after a weekend trip is very difficult.. 
Geez idk why it's hard for me! I AM too clingy! 
Geez out the precint now gotta sit on my ass for another Billi hrs at the E.R  I juss wanna sleep
geez wednesday already!! 
Geez what a busy afternoon. Meetings, emails, meetings and email and more meetings. 6pm and the day is still going! Ah its dark and 
Geez, all of my phone lines ringing at once. I bet they're calling about our payment links not working.  On hold for tech support now.
Geez. @xZullyZombiex's bed was dirty. Had to clean it myself. // Guess I'm singing by myself tonight. 
geez.......is the work day over.....yet???? It's killin me..... 
Geez...didn't go to the gym yesterday...and chances look slim today too...I'm slippin 
Geeze I thought I was all alone on here!  Reset my API wrong....lol no friends at all!..........................    fixed it!  .... 
geeze, i just wana SLEEP! ...So frustrated right now 
Geeze. How did jim fall in love with such a horrible fat cow?   
geezz..some how i get a feeling no one wants to TWITTER with me 
geh.i feel like mushy shizz. 
Gel has failed me. I look like someone attacked me with a pritt stick 
hahaha, jonans party? am i invited  if not then no, i cant buy it for you @ayerad
Hahaha, totally effed up that Chinese. Man, it's been too long. 
Hahaha,Fightstar at playing at the Bierkeller this week. @jlancashire and I HAVE to go, just to heckle Charlie about Busted.I miss Busted 
hahaha. i have like 5 followers and yet, i still try to post stuff on here everyday. sad  im basically talking to myself.even more sad 
hahaha. lying in bed &amp; im such a douche, i dropped my phone on my chin. heavy hiptop. really hurt. i was hoping to sleep in longer today 
HAHAHA. RPattz was supposed to be a part of the 'Dick In A Box' performance! TOO BAD IT DIDN'T HAPPEN.  http://tinyurl.com/ns47om
hahaha..........im so bored........nothing to do   
Hahaha...Vegas rocks! Thank you San Diego!! Time to get ready for LA! Woot! PS - slot machines eat money 
Hahahaaa, Eric walks away while Frank is talking. Then gets caught talking to himself. Oh he needs a hug. 
HAHAHAHA @BadAssFrank  @anthro_geek I just made out with a Turkish chick on bed in Venice. Never had the food though.)
hehe, sunnyday totday, yesterday was amazing, but i missed you very much 
heheh twittering from my phone; i have no life. ekornz 
Heidi Montag is going to be in playboy 
heimatbesuch. whoa! 
Hell City is over     now it's time for clean up everything...
Hell devs that ATL didn't come to Perth...fml 
hell fuckin bored 
Hell im goin to hell quickly all now is bad 
Hell no  I still confused bout watchin pcd or not, cause d fuckin exam 
Hell no, I don't want to to my homework, ha  School shouldn't exist, oh it'd be perfect! But it's ok, I'll avenge by myself one day.
HELL TILL MONDAY NIGHT 
Gelo almost made a lay-up over the tall itim. haha and baby's on a team full of ball hogs  poor baby
Gemini season has Ended..Summer has begun;)...New York New York..back home 2 U babY ;) Miss U  .......
Gen. Casey: US Ready To Fight War Against North Korea http://tinyurl.com/nehqpb  uh,oh, the war pigs are getting excited again 
Gene abilities. Alas, we will never know now. Thank you very much Brad Wright. 
gene juarez...impromptu blowout! gotta wait til 2:30 tho  my mom is getting her hair dyed.
General | So Zar plays/has played a druid: Zarhym : Quote: How about a little tree and boomkin &lt;3?  I've go.. http://tinyurl.com/mh8lqm
General is amazing. Even from 300 miles away, he still manages to interrupt my sleeping patterns.   (just kidding, you know i love you)
general mood 
GENERAL MOTORS IS GOING BANKRUPT NOW I HAVE TO LOOK FOR A NEW JOB ...ANY HELP?? 
general studies over with now. two out of four subjects down, still got law and lit to go though 
Genie week is winding down  We've gotten quite a bit done. 1. debunked a family story, 2. proven a neat service...
gensan, are you okay? did the earthquake hurt you?  http://plurk.com/p/x3as1
gentee, tem twitter em portugues ? to me matando aquii 
Gentlemen's Club advertised on radio that the have Chocolate Pudding wrestling on Saturday nights... I wanna go... 
Genuinely sad about the Jon and Kate situation.  
Geo Test Today .....  Im VERY scared
Geocaching.com seems to have a huge delay delivering Pocket Queries 
Geoff posted a boo: Coming Home From Tenerife Boo  http://boo.fm/b25651
GEOFF...  i miss you. 
geography exam soooon, dreading ittt :S 
Geography Exam today = Total fail  bad timess...
Geography hike today in 2nd, 3rd, and 4th... My feet are gonna hurt!! 
Geography revision is soooooooooo boring 
Geography revision! oh fun 
Geography speech prep. This is going well. Lost HP3 on GBA 
geography sucks 
Geography, cba with Biology test 
hell to the yes 3GS! buuut i'm waiting for it to activate right now so it doesn't work 
hell yeah 
Hell yeah, Data Robotics just announced DroboPro today. I want one. 
Hell Yeah... I miss u 2 bro swear by god  ... I will don't worry!!!
Hell, why do I suck at art? 
hella family over the crib.imissher 
hella have to pay tickets 
HELLA HUNGRRRY !! phone died; so just on laptop checking up things. 
hella mad @yonasafrica &amp; @thurzday were here &amp; i didn`t get to meet them. i love U-N-I. 
hella misz watchin chowder!!!!!!!!!!!!!! &amp;all my other shooowz 
Hella need sum gatorade or 7up my tummy isnt holdn anything down 
hella sick n bed on dis friday nyte watchn hella scary movies by myself 
Hella tired @ work 
hella tired.. where is gilbert for the usual basketball talk?! 
hellertown is bogus 
hellfest cancelled... conference on embedded systems instead... they call it the 'embedded systems lunch'... 
Hellla not feeling good  I wanna be home home hhzuiwjsjk go awayyyy migraneeeee. U have no clue how painful it is rawwrr
helllll devo , wasnt on the tv    dumb channel9 people didnt think we were good enough of what ?
hellloooo...Tweeetteeerrsss, where have you guys been for the past 2 days..we miss prying into your lifestyles  LOL
Hahahaha. Very funny.   that douche. Lol. Oh well, the boy isnt too intelligent to begin with, he probably forgot.  :/
Hahahahahaha fuck im so gay with these shoes 
hahahahahhahahha. going to work and missing out on all the sun! 
hahahahhahahahah i really think that fred never will stop talking hahahahahhahaha he is pretty funny...but sometimes he scare me 
hahahh i love my brother @pro42089 he is fucking crazy. well off to ny and nj tomorrow, i really wish sam was going too !!  blah.
hahahhahaha @samconnell Great Promoting Spammer! LOL at the end of this tweet i will have 72 twooshes!!! I'm such a silly twoosh cheater 
hello ;D just woke up at 11.25am .. my night was ways too short 
Hello @percythepigeon. Feel very down today. My boss is being a meanie 
Hello @squarespace , I'm having a bad day  - How's life? #squarespace
hello 6:45, christening today.  fucking early 
Hello ALL  How we doin this fine day! its so cold today 
Hello all, passing out is no fun no fun at all 
hello all, really pissed off tonight as I found that I failed exams that I studied for for months.    v.unhappy     
Hello and thank you for all of the #followfridays people. I always forget, sorry 
hello another day of office wokr 
hello chicago mornings.  I hate that I'm still sick   but I'm still going to Shedd's Aquarium.  Take that!
Hello everybody! Please check this out-&gt; http://twitpic.com/6qeuk his reaction when he's looking at me :-o  ... Would you??? xxx
hello everyone .. guesss what im sick and im still going to a damn sweet 16 tomorrow   &amp;nd in just a few i have to go to the southside
Hello everyone!!!! Back from my holidays in Islantilla, sunny beaches in southern spain... Miss it already 
Hello everyone, I just received a list of discontinued OPI colors for 2009.  OPI will no longer produce theses 50 plus colors.
Hello everyone. have to go back 2 school 2morrow 
Hello everyone. Sunday. Bah. Weekend nearly over... 
Haight Street was fun, though. Very happy with my Abalone gauges.  I missed low tide yesterday, though 
HAIL // i don't want today to end 
Hail to the end of basketball season. I'm closer than close to Football season!!! Now to get past this baseball thing   I can't wait!!!!!!
Hail/Thunder storm here. The Power keeps on going on then off. It sucks. 
HaileyD makes little girls cry. Including me. 
Haine has a fever tonight  101.9°F (38.8°C). Doctor office said to gave her a dose of Tylenol and will see if it goes down in an hour.
haiqal &amp; haqeem.. remember me 
hair  miss it
Hair dried. Makeup.  Put hair up  and get dressed and then history cramming from half seven! Ohhh chrriiist  why did I revise so late ;(;(
Hair fail.  Guess I go back next week. 
hair has had the cut of doom  I hate hairdressers...
Hair is getting cut as I tweet 
Hair looks really good  I look pretty damn good! I'm missing a few select people. A lot  they know who they are...
hair n make-up for work   am fed up of working
hair too short 
hair was done like 2 hrs ago . now some homework.. sigh 
hair, grow back! 
Haircut day! Hair so long and thick! So hot! Ugh!   BUZZZT!!  down to 0.5cm of hair .. AHHH!! I needed that. 
haircut isnt short enough, poop! 
Haircut place was closed 
Hello everyone.....my back is still sunburned  I really wanna go out but I can't dress..well, I stay at home  - Lore
Hello everyone...forgot my BB at home today  I felt so lost without my phone!Work over and done with,now tennis and then studying!
Hello everyone..another cloudy day in Jersey 
Hello from my sofa. Massive spider in my room and mam can't get it out and as I'm terrified I'm sacrificing sleep for the near future... 
hello headache. Can u please go away...  back from pav. Shopped nothing. @aisyahzaini stylogile nama armand. Slapslap. U need help dude!
hello i hate bugs 
Hello I need sleep! And coffee! 
hello i need somthing 2 do on the computer    some on eplease twitter me bak     
hello i wish that someone would talk to me im so bored!!! 
hello I'm @myahmarie and I don't call josh anymore 
Hello I'm still here at work ! Everyone left  I'm here til 7:00
Hello is there anybody out there? 
Hello it is very very warm in Preston my hands are sticking to the keyboard  can't move very well!
Hello Kitty and Good Night ... + /think menos de veinticuatro horas 
Haircut. Bye bye dead hair, dead long hair 
Haircuts done hopefully. To much hw... 
Hairdressing Was Rubbish  Woo 2followers haha. Arnt i a popular one!
Haiya my mom switched off the modem already  - http://tweet.sg
haley said no..... 
Haley thinks she is so hardcore not using a blanket but she is practically in my lap!! Haha.. I want my cupcake!!  Haley too!!
haley wont listen to my dream about me falling into a pool when there is snow on the ground.... 
Haley would not eat breakfast this morning 
Half 7 on a Sunday morning. Why do I wake up!?! 
half a day is gone again 
Half asleep on my way to class.. Just realized i left my wallet at home 
half broke my foot yesterday at carnival 
Half day at PictureMe today... I'd rather be at my best friend's grad party 
Half day at school today and tomorrow. Home early. Tomorrow last day  My friends are getting so many hugs.
Half hour left of being a teen.  Nervous about the turnout of this &quot;party&quot;
Half of college life over.. 
Half of me is gone!! Again!!  I don't like this.
Half term is now finished!!  It went so fast!! 
geology shit now. do not waaaant 
geometry exam, muh 
Geometry first period 
geometry regents tomorrow 
Geometry sucks ! 
geopeople -- know where I can get a .shp or .kml of Iranian provinces?  Quick google search unfruitful.  
Georgia Theatre burning in Athens....   My condolences. I had a great time the one night I was there for a concert.
German and History tomorrow....:/ and German orals. 
german homework  what the hell is a schreibheft ?  x
german newcomer Daniel Schuhmacher has the most beautiful voice I've heard so far. It's so sad all potential is lost on the new album 
German Oral Exam Tomorrow  x
germany lost another time...  our song wasn't that bad...
germs seem to have found us 
Gerrard could retire in 2013 ??? Please say  it isn't so  
Gert Datta is sad that someones fone doesnt work  , bout to go to church...yal should do the same! http://tinyurl.com/clc6jh
Geshhhhh my ears are itching so bad.  Noooooooooo not the med!  Allergies   Hope the sun is shining in your world today~
get away but scratches me in the proses 
Get cape. wear cape. fly.  gets me every times. 
Get home from work to see my parents watching Grand Toreno... I want to see it soooo bad. 
get it how badly I want it my friends already have it except me that's sad   
get it in tuesdays 
Get me out of this fucking warzone... 
get out of my head! 
Get ready for the big trip.. Oh I'll miss you so much my team up and sweetieees 
get stuck with my PC from last night. it get freeze... I lost half of my data  even my internet satellite settings :-[
Get this...x from highschool finds me on myspace....and acting a bit strange...kinda wierd 
Get to spend my weekend working on my finals... 
get up finally  CET-6,CET-6,CET-6,CET-6,CET-6.I'm not ready to pass the exam  :'(
get up, morning tweeeeeet! i feel sleepy and hungry uhuhuhu  i need something to eat--&quot; oooh mom where are you? i'm hungry!
Get up-check, take a shower- check, eat lunch- on the way, work-........ Don't make me 
get well soon  @matthewhughes
Get well soon Dave Gahan out of Depeche Mode. 
Get well soon to me. Missin' all the fun + Wasting time 
Get your ice skates on-hell has officially frozen over- I did not enjoy my creme brule'e at Ryan Bar &amp; Grill! 
getaway happens to be on, i wish i could getaway 
Getiing sick  I feel like my head is full of snot =/ Yuck.
Getin sick  wish i cud stay in bed 2day instd of wrkin!
Geting bored of being at home. So dont like vacations 
Geting ready for skool 
gets lonely at nite with out him 
gets new phone hopefully tomorrow, but mail doesn't come on Sunday.  so hopefully Monday fer sure!
gets the munchies when she's bored.  HUNGRAY! nom nom nom...
Gets the sads. Looked at budget &amp; realised I can't move unless its to a job...or living rent free, huh!  Apparently I live in the neg pw!
gets tissues out bye bye Primeval 
gets to go to the dentist today.  
gets to speak to my boyfriend til about 3! so happy! but then cant speak to him til may! that may hurt a little!! 
gets to take 3 math classes, a computer science class and an education class next semester 
Gets to work again. During this nice weekend! 
gets worried when people he care about suddenly &quot;disappear&quot;. What did I do now? 
Gettin a decadron shot 
gettin a head ache 
Gettin a root canal today 
Gettin beat up by my son hes smackin my back  n jumpin on me HELP ME!!!!
Gettin bored nw..  Thinkin of preparin for examz again..!!
gettin eady 4 vbs blahh      !
Gettin IceCream at Cold Stone!! So exciting. But first moms makin me clean 
gettin in the shower....it's early  I wanna go back to bed!
gettin mad pissed that cici keeps login off aim 
Gettin my buck on in a bit.. New levels but bad knee though.. 
Gettin my cardio on right now. Walkin to the train station awww I so miss the gym 
GETTiN OFF..PACKiN MY STUFF AND WATCHiN THE GAME..i HOPE MAGiC WiNSZ.DOUBT iT THO.  
Gettin out of work finally. But gotta go back at 6am. 
gettin pissed off...i rly cant sleep.its just not fair    i did doze off for about an hour.had a rly bad dream tho! This sucks rlyy bad!!!
gettin put on to true blood by my cuzzo James... dont wanna get toooooooooo caught up cause we aint got the premiun channels in FL 
Half time and it's 1-1. Kevin Kilbane, what are you doing to us. 
Half time! i think our team is losing 
Half way in   still not any better  http://mypict.me/5yPt
half way through an essay... reached a mental bloke... and run out of milo 
Half way thru washing my window at the gas station before I notice the water smells like egg fart 
Half yearly exams soon ehh. can't wait. 
Halfway done with my outline for tonight. . . Will be up until 3 
halfway in my logs.. 
Halfway of the Vernissage, my best friends and I went to McDonald's for supper and i ate nuggets....so yummy  then got sick 
halfway sober. 
Halfway through the last shift before the GP and Glasto holiday, and by heck is it dragging 
Halfway through the workday. Its been a real soggy and rainy day 
halfway through xcenturionz, not feelin' good 
Halfwit can't go 
Hallie will get her DS lite today - I already feel the life being sucked from her brain  
Hallo @FraandS how are you all? my cold has got worse and I feel like a patient  with no patience obviously
halo wars doesn't work 
Halp twitter! I can't fall back asleep! 
Halp! I r drowning under paperwork for detentions! Damn j00 year 8!!! 
halsont from hell 
gettin ready 2 go to LA with sydney. charlieissocoollike is in LA and so is dennis haha maybe ill see sm1. i wish it was sunny 
Gettin ready 4 class....i dnt wanna go 
Gettin ready fo' bed work 2morrow at 8am 
Gettin ready for  bed... Have to get up at 4 in the morning! 
Gettin ready for my first day of work! I hope that I love these consumers as much as I loved mine in Alabama. I miss them. 
gettin' ready for the kentucky derby.  i want mint juleps though 
Gettin ready for work  no fun
Gettin ready for work, and no he still hasn't called 
Gettin ready for work... I def. don't want to work tonight 
GETTIN READY FOR WORK...UGHHHHH!!!!! DON WANT TO GO 
Gettin ready to fly to chicago. Gotta love conferences that start on sunday. 
gettin ready to go agh last ever bio exam 2hr15mins ima die 
Gettin Ready to go to the Coliseum to see Giants Vs A's, Sanchez is pitching for us 
Gettin ready to go to work! 
Gettin ready to head to school to plan for Summer school, which starts next week. 
gettin ready to hop on bus 2 Ramstein! Very tired. Didnt sleep well   Birds startd chirpin @ 3am! LOUDLY! Ha..oh well!
Ham-egg-n-cheese English Muffin from Dunkin Donuts sucked this morning...all since they changed the usual crew - no coincidence, sadly 
Hamilton is starting 16th. Humiliating. #f1 #mclaren. 
Hamilton just missed out on a point 
Hami's tires are SHOT. 
Hamsters are good, PC is ill, Linux server is nearly there, Mac is old  What a fun time I am having
Hanauma bay looks like it suffered Cozumel's reefs fate 
Hand tacking on the train is really difficult without a needle  
hand, foot, mouth disease!  ugh!  Now we are just planning on going to Grapevine (Great Wolf Resort) Sat.-Mon. Depending on how E feels 
Handed in dissertation yesterday morning...followed by pub lunch, Pimms by the Diana fountain and drinks in the Union...revision time now 
Handicap was incredibly hard.  100km.  My group stayed away from the chasers for 2.5 of 3 laps but then got swallowed.  Cramped again 
Handled my first H1N1 spec. I was waiting for it to oink. It didn't. 
Handling one desk at a time. Still got 7 more hrs ahead... 
handling some swap drama on @craftster.  Actually get to be the co-organizer, I was supposed to be...too bad it's dealing with a flaker. 
handling the exceptions is boring 
hands off! he's mine! 
Handy hint. The roads are too plentiful in the city of London for a sat nav to be effective. That's my theory for driving round for ages 
hang after supper.   already miss it 
Hang in there, Stephen Hawking.  
Hang on, NO! They had a close up of the guy STANDING NEXT to me &amp; Hannah, but not us two! 
Hang over  from three drinks? 
hang overs are the worst  waking up at 7 so you can drop your boyfriend home for StepUp4MS is even worse.
hangen out at hime. talking w/ kayla on my rental phone wishing i had my clutch!...yea, i live a boring life 
Hello Monday, good weekend looking forward to moving office at end of the month, not started packing yet 
hello monday. i miss my mom. 
Hello my lil darlings. This is my last twitter  Yeah so sad. Dicks of parents are making me quit.
Hello my TWEEPS!! You wanna know the worst part of having a broke smartphone, getting all your app's back 
Hello new followers! Don't be shy say hi to me!! I'm going 2 read up on others tweets then go 2 sleep. these pills I took r makn me sick 
Hello new followers!! My ☎ is actin crazy and I am unable to click on the follow button... 
Gettin ready to sleep. @Tifflicious y r u always with chrys? What about nat &amp;nic?!  I miss the whole GLG! New music soon , PLEASE! Haha
Gettin ready to watch some Sookie, Bill, and Eric on TrueBlood! The last disc 
gettin sleepy.....just too bad that it has to be bed time without the Charlie 
Gettin some band promo done and readying myself for tomorrow - its gonna be a very busy one.  
Gettin some starbucks then dying my hair. Gnna make it a late one no work tmmrw and baby won't be home for a whilee 
gettin thangs together so we can head to SAN ANTONIO... i wish i was goin to a spurs game  lol its all good...
gettin the little one ready for school and then off to work 
Gettin' things together &amp; Packin' ! Wohoo.  NOT.
gettin' tired  ... i love my new nail color ! coral - just amazing!
gettin to bed soon..up pretty early tomorrow morning! 
Gettin up now 
gettin up to go to bed was trying to go to bed at 11 but that never happens does it ;) watching GND 
Getting &quot;goodbye&quot; e-mails from #Iran = not cool   #iranelection
Getting &quot;goodbye&quot; e-mails from #Iran = not cool   #iranelection (via @austinheap)
getting &quot;on&quot; twitter..... but need new blackberry to use well 
Getting &quot;service unavailable&quot; for FriendFeed... First time I've seen it down. 
Getting a bad headache as i type  ugh! Not Cool.
Getting a bit jealous that some people's @glastofest tickets have arrived and mine haven't yet 
Getting a cold in middle of may ? priceless 
Getting a feeling this job hunt will never come to a close. 
Getting a filling at the dentist.  But then ice cream and beach. It finally feels like summer!
getting a haircut these days is so expensive 
Getting a headache for no apparent reason 
Getting a later start than i wanted 
Getting a laugh out of D-Listed Decor: http://d-listeddecor.blogspot.com/  doesn't look like she's updated in awhile tho 
Getting a little bit of PCD now.  
Getting a little mowing the grass in this evening!  fun 
Getting a little sick of having no one online to talk to 
getting a midnight snack! study some more and off to bed! i should get more sleep 
Getting a new phone. . .NO IDEA WHAT I WANT!!! 
getting a new PO on friday  its weird to say , but im gonna miss staci a lot . .
Getting a passport is a very lonnnng ordeal. Note - do not put your birth cert. through the wash. Passport canada will not accept it 
Getting a pedicure. I love these. My massage did not include a leg/arm/foot massage today. 
getting a place of my own cant come soon enough 
getting a shower then going to the ortho... 
getting a speeding ticket on my way to work is not how I like to start a Monday! 
Getting a time out error in everything! Aak 
Getting a tooth removed isn't good 
getting a very bad headache i know something i wish i didnt know and im really upset about what im gonna hear about my dad  tomorrow 
Getting a. Throat infection 
Getting advice/support from @ciara_danella via text I suppose. I feel like vomiting stupid az heat 
Getting all my ducks in a row for meeting with some City people. Checks and balances....again! 
Getting all my files in order so I can redo windows on this pc, I don't think it's fixable.. I can't open things now that I use often. 
getting all packed up and ready to leave NYC. 
Getting an early night - GCSE modulars in the morning 
Getting angry with myself now... just cannot work  WTF!
getting annoyed at trying to used to twitter! i'm used to facebook it easier  feel like such a dunce!!
getting another bloody cold! 
Getting AxKit running on Ubuntu 8.04 is making my head explode.  
Getting back into running is so very painful. Every part of my body aches! 
Hello peeps.... what is a bored witch to do? 
Hello people does any of u want my cold? Lol not feeling 2 good 2day  xx
Hello people, Still in crazy ass Florida wit this crazy ass weather   VERY GROUCHY !!!
Hello people. Can you hear me? I can't hear you 
hello saturday morning. hello about to go to work 
hello severe weather....I have to walk to work i you 
Hello summer? Are you coming? I'm losing my tan 
hello sunday 9:30. let's get productive. i wish i had cookies 
hello sunday, how are you? i hope your well, COS IM NOT.  nose still stuffed, still tired .. maybe i should sleep
hello this is monday. uhhh.. 
Hello to all my Aussie viewers... it's a pretty physical game but u guys r lucky as u be the first to see GOD in action...not us 
Hello Tuesday, hope your better than I think. Won't tweet for a few hours later 
Hello tweeps and new followers! I hope everyone is having a nice Saturday so far. Me? I'm working   Hopefully I can have fun later...
Hello Tweeters from my PSP. This is not a great way to tweet. 
hello tweeters..havent been on much lately...too busy  hope your all well!
Hello Tweets! Totally manic day- mixed in with swollen eye problems again! So not much room for Twittering and Blogging 
hello twitlets i'm feeling pants today  anyone know any good remedies to make u feel better when u have an upset stomach? 
Hello Twitter Bitters!! Who's going to B-Day bash today? It's too hot outside for me...I might melt out there. 
hello twitter land.... i need followers 
Hello Twitter world. Lots of homeworks today. 
hello twitterees, i'm going to libanus tomorrow  i few tears may follow 
hangin at home until tomorrow ... then driving 3 hours 
Hangin at me house w/ a friend. The others had to leave 
hangin on the maines bus. my throat hurts 
hangin out before work.. hate my shitty schedule 
Hangin' out inside today.  Snow in June is not cool. 
hangin out leavin tomorrow 
hangin out with jess .... just finished second movie of the nite....anthony and connor had to leave(sad sad) 
Hangin out with mama, matt and my brother. Possibly going 2 eat n puke in a little? Also im really upset that i got burnt again today 
Hangin out, drinkin beer, don't wanna go to work in the morning! 
Hangin' outside and enjoying the lovely summer evening! Work tomorrow  Ik mis u Jeremy!
hangin with abe jessy and angie just got up in a rage lol! she has that &quot;nobody loves me&quot; cry  lol. abe's headed to bed. good night bro.
Hangin with the fam! My head is hurtin 
Hangin with the Fasha!!! but sad bc my piercings have to come out today 
hangin with Toast and Blakeney now waiting for Within to start...still sleepy 
Hanging @ Mill Creek with the baseball players...however i think ita gonna rain 
getting beefed at by friend, mood is running towards minus degrees 
Getting better at TF2. Working 4-8. One of two shifts that I did not take off this week. Hah. Driving to Lansing tomorrow.  GO WINGS.
Getting blood taken at the doctors 
Getting blood work done today  ugh!
getting bored @home..... and waiting fr smtg ineteresting to happen!!!  sigh !! life sucks !! 
getting bored of walking up and down the stairs 
getting bored seeing the &quot;request timed out&quot; of my internet connection status 
getting bored with what i am doing 
getting bored. What's the use of being online if he's not sending any messages. 
getting brunch at Victorian's with @morganiangoose.  feeling like a bad daughter 
Getting car battery changed out.. This whole day has cost me $160.  May not have $ for paper &amp; film.
getting car fixed, have no money 
getting cds ready for tour 
Getting comfy and putting my feet up.  WAY UP  I love to look at pretty painted toes,  too bad they are not getting sucked right now 
getting confuse*  anybody, help me please ?
Getting confused on twitter 
getting crazy .. my mobile is ringing all the time .. i don't want him 
getting damn bored in office working on the product brochure.... 
getting deafened by a tractor 
Getting dinner and catching Up with the boyfriend. Dinner should be great on this new diet. Hope they serve celery. 
Hello Twitters! Sorry I've been MIA, sitting @ the airport in Rome, getting ready  to leave  for London!  I'm so going to miss it here!
hello twittersphere, sleepy today 
hello twittosph�re ! So much mork at the office today... Hard to read my twitter timeline  I'll catch up tonight
Hello Wisdom Tooth On The Upper Left Corner, pls stop pushing? Flights back home aren't cheap. 
Hello World jow are you???  I was the eving on peta im so sad that the poor animals have it sooo bad 
hello world. how are you? tomorrow i write a Test :/ and an monday und next friday too. and then i write still 3 test in the next weeks 
HELLO! &lt;3 &gt;&gt; Pre-ordering Sims 3 td!!!  &gt;&gt; Work @ 3:30 ..
hello! as u know, i am siiiick.  i was feelin better, then suddenly i took a turn for the worse.  got to get my sleep still have a fever
hanging around princeton last night was nice, now for some boring work at target 
Hanging around the house today, because my little one's allergies are acting up.  My poor baby. 
Hanging around until work today at 4 
Hanging around with Joey today. Crappy weather again. 
hanging around..it's raining 
Hanging for the weekend.... and its only Monday 
hanging in university  wanna enjoy the weather...
hanging out - didn't get my new phone today  no idea when i will... verizon is being all messed up with my plan and stuff. fml
hanging out @ dad my step sis bugging me!! 
Hanging out at home kinda boring 
hanging out at home with the dog.....getting ready for a long week at work  
Hanging out at home, watching the taped so you think you can dance from last thursday! my belly button hurts 
hanging out at my apt w kids.. theyre playing video games.. boys go hm in an hr 
Hanging out at my house on a Saturday night by myself....sad deal....  
Hanging out at the pool with my homegirls. Two of them leave on thursday... 
hanging out being bored...kinda sick 
hanging out for chocolate 
Hanging out in bed sick, which is not fun 
hanging out in Beth's apartment. Then seeing The Proposal later. REALLY missing my baby  LOVE him so much. &lt;3
Hello, Charlotte's family member. Why did you bite me in the face? 
Hello, my name is Alison and I have the hugest motherloving headache in the entire WORLD.  Therapist said this might happen.  
Helloo and good morning ppl. Gotta go to work now   but not before I get a starbucks drink. White chocolate mocha   Mmmmmm.......
helloo everyone . I'm reading fanfics while tweeting . Ahhh~ ! I wish school re-opens is in another 2 weeks or so . I'm tired 
helloo twitter i have to miss placment again today cos i have a stupid cold 
hellooo ?? is anybody here?? i'm so alone 
hellooo hows everyone, got tea on the go just having a swift wine and tweet, really need to hoover after the kids tea  x
Hells Bells Im ashamed of my Tweetstats Ive said LOL 854 times &lt;the shame&gt; 
getting dinner with cooper tonight. my tie dye tee looks great - except that the heart i tried to make looks like a big blob. 
getting distracted by omgpop.com ... erghhh its so fun! but i gotta do art 
Getting down at the rejections again  Need to rewrite the beginning I think.
Getting dressed for first day of work. Reminds me of first day of school...I wonder if anyone will sit with me in the cafeteria. 
Getting dressed to go to wal mart.  Oh my life.  It is so thrilling.  
Getting dressed, so much to do today and not enough time at all 
getting drunk on a Tuesday, Sad Sad Sad. 
getting drunk then sending drunken texts to everyone is NOT a good idea...ohhh the aftermath... 
Getting eaten alive by mosquitos 
Getting even more sick  damn.. I'm now addicted to Tylenol..
getting even more sick in this hot weather 
getting everything out of my car  I forgot how bad I fucked it up wowwww
getting fed up of shoe shopping and beginning to think there isn't such a thing as a perfect pair of shoes to go with my best man's dress 
Getting foods with jack and Justin, being interrogated about my personal life hahah  atleast they're paying for ma food &lt;3
getting frustrated with these different wavelengths around ........... .... 
Getting frustrated, my pot of coffee came out as slightly colored water instead of real java.  Back to the drawing board 
getting gased in the gas chamber 
Hellu everybody and my twitterfrends.... Whats going on 2day?.... But at first hav to do for ma work... It is so much work 
Helluva wake up call this morning, pity there's to be no repeat tomorrow or Monday.. 
help  I have a pen stuck in my hair  http://tinyurl.com/m48pyo
Help  I need cuddles
Help !! DS keeps biting my poor DD  What do I do ???!!!
help help help .. i had 5-6 podcasts in my iPod, now its all missing- from both the player and laptop ..  where did it go ...
Help how does this work. Its not like facebook  
HELP IRAN, AND ITS PEOPLE 
Help Martin Sargent get a (really good) job! Hilarious video here...  http://bit.ly/BZhol - or you can turn the page.  (via @LeoLaporte)
Help me figure it out  http://tinyurl.com/lx9ad7
help me forget 8th april &amp; 13th july! 
HELP ME HELP ME HELP ME I am bored like hell 
help me im feeling very ..................... 
help me please 
help me! &quot;kasaysayan ng wika&quot; thingy for filipino homework tomorrow :| college sucks when you dont have internet connection at home 
help me, someone!! 
HELP NEEDED.  I just lost my top and botoom toolbars...the top one reappears if i move my mouse up the top of the screen??? Help Please 
Help plz: Chosen bedspread for future apartment is out of stock.  am I crazy to buy it off eBay because it's so lovely and I'm indecisive?
getting hair braided... back to work tomorrow. 
Getting headache again 
getting hit on at wawa at 4:30am is a fun time. jk. the guy really said &quot;i've never done this before, especially since my fiance died.&quot; 
Getting hit on by ghetto people 
Getting hug before bed fr old friend I'm visiting=happy. Cold&amp;damp huge spot on arm of my pj shirt fr their wet beard=sad. 
Getting HUNGRY!!!! Seriously...must eat!!!! Missin that catfish now. 
getting hungry, as well...I'd need to go grocery shopping first if I wanna eat something. still feel crappy though 
getting hungry, were gonna order Chili's for supper again, yummo!! not in the mood to pack just yet! leaving houston in the morning 
Getting ice cream. Not feeling well 
getting impatient with the turnaround time on repairs to my (broken on arrival) new espresso machine  #fb
Getting in as much studying as possible before my exam in an hour and a bit... so tired. Missing @MadelynReynolds 
getting in school- is a lot harder than i though  Can't wait to start school
getting in the groove at work! unfortunately, i am in pain again/still. this is terrible...i dont want to take meds this early in the day 
Getting in touch with my Canadian Buddy is proving difficult 
Getting increasingly nervous for my pharm. interview on friday.. 
Getting into the nitty-gritty of development. This can be so mind-numbing to us creative types 
Getting into the swing of things. I miss someone 
getting jordyn fed and ready to head out to school..looks like another gloomy day 
Getting kicked out of my house. Great news 
Getting killed by ACC 230 Lon Capa bullshit 
Help us grow our facebook page, it only has 4 fans 
Help!  I have a cold   Nothing is worse then having a runny nose!
HELP! Anyone know about computers? What's a 'motherboard faliure' and wtf is 'Bluescreen' and why do they make my comp shut off?! 
HELP! can someone please explain to me how i can have my own background? it won't let me upload my own pics  ! X
HELP! I NEED SOMEBODY! HELP! haha I can't find my mobilephone, again. haha    I cry   
Help! I need to somehow remove index.php From URLs using Expres. Engine &amp; I don't have a scooby where to begin.   Can anyone please help?
Help! I need two tickets to Gogol Bordello on Friday @ the House of Blues in Boston. 
Help! I've been in walmart for an hour &amp; im ready 2 go 
HELP! need some unusual names to put on my sorority life avatar! i come up with none! 
Help! Need to switch to cheery Neal! Shoulder aches, back at work, GORGEOUS day outside, I'm in office untill 5.30. 
Help! What's everyone getting the father in thei life? Mine doesn't want anything. 
Help!!!  It is only Wednesday.  
HELP!!! I think @benmarvin is crazy funny and can't give him favrd stars  Please help me get him UNBLOCKED from favrd so I can star him 
HELP!!! I'm falling asleep at work 
help.  i dont know my credit card number.
Help. Exam was awful. Seriously think I've failed. Oh, and my back has started to hurt again 
Help... I just started twittering and I don't have one friend 
Help: I need some swearing alternatives. What i can say instead of 'oh my god'  I say it about a million of times everyday
HELP? Can anyone recommend a good cult dvd seller that ships to Oz? Having trouble finding some of the zombie flicks on my &quot;To Buy&quot; list 
Helped @audybaby get ready for her trip to Europe yesterday and this morning. Now I'm all alone for three weeks. 
helped a friend set up a yard sale to benefit Relay for Life and now I can't walk.  
helped anyone use a twitter, can anybody help me? 
Helped my bff move some stuff into her new house.  I'm gonna miss being her roomie 
Helped nick shave his head. Now im writing a tedious 10 page paper on Cuban diaspora in Miami. I just want to play WoW 
