good morning twitter! or should i say not so good morning... i have a horrible stomach ache 
Good morning Twitter! The bird outside my bedroom seems to be a fan of rock music lol it sounds so aggressive! Anyhoo, houseguest 2nite 
good morning twitter! the sun is hide today 
Good morning twitter!!! Weather is poor  Dell Mini 9 Is Brilliant
good morning twitter, i have to go to school today  i hate waking up early
Good morning Twitter.  It's way too early for me 
Good morning twitter. Day 3 of summer vacay-still bored 
Good morning twitter. Off to school. They're trying for sports day, yet agin, today 
Good Morning Twitterboos! I don't feel so well! 
Good Morning Twitterbugs. I just got a call from my son. He is now in Marine bootcamp. U could hear the sgts yelling n the background 
Good morning twitter-friends! I was MIA last night because I was feeling under the weather  But I feel better this morn. Have a good m ...
Good morning Twitterland!  I am going 2 take today off!  I am still sick. 
Good Morning Twitterland! Heading off to the gym. Have 2 get my steps in for the Global Challenge &amp; for my team. Not so great for 2 days 
Good morning twitterland! Monday 
Good morning Twitterland. Nothing like 4 hours sleep when out of town. 
Good morning twitters!! What are your plans today?  It's a dreary day 
Good morning Twitterverse. Rain has returned to the midwest. 
Good morning Twitterville! 8 am mtgs are not for me. 
Good Morning Twitterville! Busy hectic weekend is over, back to the grind   Happy Monday everyone!
Good morning twitterville!! On my way to work 
Good morning Twitterville.  Gotta get up to do more worl 
good morning twitterworld *yawning* I need to sleep 
Good morning twitterworld. I hateeee getting up this early 
Good morning twitts  making this drive.....*yawn*
Good morning twitts!! I hope everyone is well--long day today  Work right now and I already can't wait to leave! Talk to you soon
good morning twitts...so now i have to spend the day trying to have someone fix the appliances due to the earthquake we hac last nite 
good morning twit-twits! not a great beach day?  whats everyones plans
good morning twitt-world, good day for yaÂ´ll!  IÂ´m waiting for the sun! *looks around&quot; looks not good for today! 
Good morning twizzlers. Time for class 
Good morning work .... 
Good Morning World  It looks a little darker a lot more windy and a lot less sunny here in Norwich this moring  Where has summer gone 
Good Morning World its a great day to living, pity we all cannot  hehe
Good Morning World!   More Coffee PLEASE seeing as how my 1 a.m. dose of Benadryl hasn't worn off... 
Good morning world!  I have to go to work in a bit, but I wish I was still in my tent 
Good Morning World! Everything seems so much better now that my space is more organized. Ugh! Don't want to go to work  Missing him ILY!
Good Morning World!! Today's a wonderful day.. simply b/c I woke up! [but my throat still hurts!]  But no pain... no gain! ha!
Good Morning World!!! I have a feeling todays isn't going to go very well!! 
Good morning world, serious day of drum smashin ahead, I miss my Fernn 
Good morning world, time to work 
Good morning world. How are we today?. . . I'm still tired 
Good morning world. I have emerged from the dead. Didnt sleep well last nite 
Good morning world. The winter is back 
Good morning world...more llike bad morning, i had a bad dream 
good morning XOXO, still not feel very well 
Good Morning!  Floor Calls this am at the ofc  then off to show property!  Full Day Hope your is fantastico!!
Good morning!  I'm looking forward to movie with Tiff later. Need to clean house 1st. Blah 
Good Morning!  juzt woke up, and discovered that i have a lot of frans homework that i forgot 
Good Morning!  Looks like the rains came back. 
Good morning!  what is up with tweet deck?  All my little icons aren't up there 
good morning! ;) It's raining outside  and I have to work! I'd prefer  being on the beach!!
Good morning! 101 heat index today 
good morning! about to head downtown with my sister.  ..looks like rain! 
Good morning! all I can hear is the heavy rain against my window. Not looking forward to school today 
Good Morning! All Over The World! What's Up? xD lOve ya &lt;3 and Miss Very Much 
Good morning! At work again today  I wanna go home!
Good Morning! Busy busy times today, v busy. Urrrgh. 
good morning! chilling and listening to some sick music, got work at 4 though 
Good morning! Debating whether sleeping comfortably w/ windows open is worth waking up w/ legs covered in bug bites  OUCH
Good Morning! Do you know what day it is in &quot;America . . . TODAY!&quot; ?  - it's National Neil Diamond Day! &amp; I didn't get him anything   #fb
Good morning! Exam #1/3 today 
Good morning! Feels surreal to be waking up so early on a Sunday morning and head to work 
Good morning! Finally got a full night of sleep which I haven't had in a loooong time! I feel so refreshed hahhha! Worrk all day 
Good morning! Finals today... 
Good Morning! Garage sale day... So tired right now. 
good morning! got work sooon and a finite  test tomorrow. I haven't done my hw and missed class today 
Good morning! Hitting up the gym to help start my day! Then doctors 
Good Morning! I had a really great weekend @soulb, @rukuslive, @onimartin, @cashless but now back to a long wrk wk 
good morning! i have to go to school  be back to a computer at 4
Good morning! I love this getting tweets on my phone woke up to 46 texts lol. But idk how well im going to do with no computer till fri 
Good morning! I mean afternoon 
Good Morning! i really dont want to studyy 
GOOD MORNING! I WANT TO GO TO CHURCH&lt; BUT DONT NONE OF MY FRIENDS WANT TO GO!!!!...  DAMN FAGS!
Good Morning! I want to sleep! I'm not much better today 
Good morning! I woke up with a terrible headache 
Good morning! I'm NOT on my way to Holden Beach and I'm not happy about it   Have fun @JrMozart !
Good morning! I'm off to hamilton later... And the weather is shite! 
Good morning! It's a really nice day here! Too bad I'm in such pain 
Good morning! Its almost 3am !! im soo tired 
Good morning! Its beautiful out..sucks I got work 
Good morning! Its cloudy and only n tha 70`s here no beach 4 me 
good morning! its June 2. 8 days before my b-day! haha!  just a cup of noodles for breakfast. not feeling better 
Good morning! It's Sunday  I don't wanna leave palmdale just yet.
good morning! jeez my back hurts 
Good morning! Just went throuch the checkpoint in Paris and security took my creams away!  
Good morning! Last day in NYC and it's raining  I need some coffee or a smoothie. My dads in Dallas where the JB World Tour kicks off!
Good Morning! Looks like a perfectly awesome day in Long Beach for racing!! But..I won't be there!  I'll be hanging @ the hotel....blah!!
Good Morning! Loving this very light drizzle. Perfect for running! Too bad I'm stuck at work though.  maybe later...hmmmm... #fb
Good morning! Man my allergies are horrible today 
good morning! my dad called my cell really early  leave me alone lol
Good Morning! Not so good for me I have a headache 
Good Morning! Not sure if my body is exhausted from bootcamp or too much pasta at Tracy's but I'm just waking up..been hitting the snooze 
Good morning! Off to an early dentist's appointment  Then, off to another meeting.
GOOD MORNING! Slept at my cousins house. I feel nasty from the heat yesterday  didn't even have a change of clothes. Yuck lol  [xoxo]
Good morning! Still no air in the office.  ugh.
Good morning! Study time yuck 
Good Morning! This weather is horrible 
good morning! time for work 
Good morning! Ugh! Can't believe I fell asleep just after the first quarter of the game! 
Good Morning! Wanting a free donut for national donut day but trying to behave so maybe ill go get oatmeal instead 
Good morning! was a bad night  woke up at 8 am because outside guys sit on their lawnmower and make noise!
Good morning! Was off twittwer a few days, what did I miss? lol Cleaning house all day today! ugh.  Tired already just thinking about it!!
Good morning! We'll be hanging around the house today since all of the kids are slightly sick. Not really sick but sick enough. 
Good morning! Well not really due to me having to work at 11  
Good Morning! Well, no dreams but he was still the first thing I thought of. 
Good Morning! Were'd the sunshine go 
Good morning! What a dark, gloomy, rainy day in Germany today. Where did the sun go? 
Good morning! What lovely weather for a Bank Holiday! 
GOOD MORNING!! COULD DO WITH MORE SLEEP 
Good morning!! Foot still hurts, I walked on it last night  but so glad to be in Charleston. Going out to SPs house at IOP. WAKE UP SP!!!
Good Morning!! I'm going to go make some pancakes...since no one ever writes to me on here, i may as well delete my account 
Good morning!! Im so tired i can not go to the school!! 
Good morning!! It's a BEAUTIFUL day outside, but I'm going to work at Red Robin today. No outside for me for a while 
GOod morning!! school today 
Good Morning!!! Today is my Monday...  I actually enjoyed my off days!!! Ready to get this week started so I can get it over with!
Good morning!!!! Back at work as it is a rainy monday here in Rome... 
Good morning!...gonna be leaving the beach &amp; heading home soon   Soccer game at 1
Good Morning!Gloomy day in the bay  so i will work out all day...but FIRST...mani/pedi an a massage! I gotta feel cute while im workin out
good morning!I hope that mine does not become ill cat  
Good morning!Just had breakfast and now I'm studying 
Good morning, #Phx! We had some technical difficulties overnight and this morning, so video will be a little slow in coming. Sorry. 
Good morning, a terrible nights sleep. Had a nightmare,wait for it,about ...Vampires! Wonder why that is?Then cldnt get back to sleep 
good morning, another fantastic drive to canyon is in order... i love giving money away. 
Good morning, back to work 
Good morning, everybody! Here is cloudy and maybe is going to rain! I already miss the sun! 
Good morning, everyone!  (Well, almost good afternoon!) Enjoying the cooler, rainy weather...hot and humid are coming. 
Good morning, everyone!  Rainy day here in Philadelphia.  
Good morning, everyone! It's Sunday! I hope your day is full of happiness! Aunt called and woke me up. 
Good morning, everyone! Uahg, I feel like I'm heading toward a bad cold... 
Good morning, everyone! What's cooking in your kitchen today? Mine: still painting. No cooking for me 
Good morning, getting ready for a day back at school 
Good morning, good morning! I'm exhausted. And it feels like friday, but it's not. 
Good morning, here we are again. Another Sunday but rainy this time 
good morning, hope everyone is having a good day.  i just dropped SugarDaddy off at airport... he is headed to texas on business.  #fb
Good morning, I have a hangoverrrrr &amp; my eyes are swollen 
Good Morning, I just came back from the Vet.,but I have to go back at 4:00 to pick my baby up. I miss him already!  
Good morning, I look sneaky today 
Good morning, I love twitter. So much info!! Have a great day. Beautiful sunshine here this am. Day here b4 surgery. NO FOOD!  Not happy)
Good morning, I wish I was off work today  just had a bagel and going to get ready for my run!
good morning, ItÂ´s a sunny day.... and IÂ´m still sick 
good morning, late for work again. must finish contract.  my old friend 'procrastination' is back..... 
Good morning, my faithful followers!  I feel awful 
good morning, still feeel like crap 
Good morning, sunshine!  It's finally a beautiful day in Chicago! Too bad I have to work on a paper all day... 
Good Morning, swiming class was @_@ 
Good morning, tweeters -- school tommorow... These holidays have gone FAR too quickly!!! 
Good morning, twitterbugs! Had a nice sleep. My arm is killing me, though.  Darn those shots!
Good morning, Twitterland! Here we go with another gripping day!  roll on 5pm
good morning, twitterville.....im up n ready to serve womp womp seven day work week sucks 
Good morning,sick 
good morning,went to shopping but i didnt buy anything  so bored
Good morning.  Getting ready to go off to work after a 10 day vacation 
Good morning.  Happy Fathers day to the Dads out there.  I am still not used to my Dad not being here.  He passed on 3/21/06 
Good morning.  It is strike/changeover day and I don't feel well.  booooooo 
Good morning. About to hit the road to head back to tallahassee. I never knew it would be so hard to say to goodbye to him  i dont wa ...
Good morning. Anyone know why I get a security warning box evertime I do anything on twitter? Very irritating 
good morning. breakfast, dr appointment, maybe a lil napskie in between and then work 
Good morning. Coffee email then work 
Good morning. Day trip that actually involves a full day of work... the most dreaded and exhausting. Also no coffee yet + traffic 
Good morning. Headed to Starbucks then Podcamp Ohio. I missed my bus  Waiting on the next one.
GOOD MORNING. Homework and shit today.....preparing for school tomorow 
Good Morning. Hope everyone had a great weekend. Not ready to go back to work but I guess we don't have a choice 
Good morning. I don't want to go to school today 
Good morning. I got a lot of sleep last night, but also a lot of bug bites when I was outside 
good morning. i hope today is warm. im ready to stop being chilly 
Good morning. I just woke up. Freezing cold. I think it was the best spring break I've had so far. I'm sad its over 
Good morning. I really really really want to go back to sleep. 
good morning. I'm hoping that large mocha = WAKE UP! I'm extra sleepy today. 
good morning. Im up too early on this saturday morning  i have to take a stupid test....so here goes!
Good morning. Its 46 degrees out   And where did the weekend go?! I still need more sleep!
good morning. its cold on my house  by the way, i might not have a phone during the day anymore. cool.
Good Morning. It's Friday and the start of my work week  But... Lakers are going to take the 4th W tonight. Woohoo GO LAKERS!!!!
Good morning. It's going to be a crappy day - physics exam... 
Good morning. Last day w/ @XXCymbalXX :'( Then she'll be gone... Montreal is soooo far away!  *sobs*
Good Morning. Leaving for my 830am pro am here in Springfield. Its raining!   #ng
Good morning. Missing another worship service this week. A different child is sick this time. 
Good morning. My mom and dad should get here around 4 today. I'll be teaching when they get here 
good morning. off to summer classes. really annoyed. 
Good morning. On my way to the funeral of a good friend's daughter  
Good Morning. so gutting back to college tomorrow 
Good morning. Waiting for my new MacBook Pro. The parcel is on it's way since yesterday evening but tracking number seems to be inactive 
good morning. weather is awful 
Good morning. what a start..sister-in-law broke her tooth in our dressing room.. 
Good morning. What the heck, I can only upload to flickr with 44 KB/s ... 
Good morning... 2 full days till surgery! Can't wait to get it over with already I'm sick of being in pain all the time 
Good morning... another busy day.. ..and I think is gonna rain!!! 
Good morning... another day in hell...  to the study room for me.
Good morning... last day at the firm  but so much to finish b4 5pm :-/
good morning... too bad about the #shuttle last night... the fleet is showing its age... 
Good Morning... Unfortunately can't make at the #expo2015camp 
good morning..... umm hey Chicago twits....whered the sun go again?!?!?!  no more gloomy skies please!
good morning..... up at 5:30 am.   couldn't sleep 
good morning....bad news...nip/tuck is cancelled 
Good morning....I can't find my sweater  come out come out where ever u are....about to miss my bus if I don't find it.
Good morning....so I had fun last night. But I'm def paying for it now 
Good morning...feelin a little Blah..My weekend starts on Thursday and of course that would be the day not to feel good   
good morning...i dont feel good today.. 
Good Morning...just found out I need to have a wisdom tooth out 
Good morning...not a great day yesterday...my jeep broke down  
good morning...one more day until work...2 days til its been a year 
Good Morning...today is the Hell Day in school.I'll be there from 11:30 to 20:00 Ugh...  Wish me luck to come back in one peace 
Good morning/afternoon/evening/night  it's raining  xoxo
Good Morningg! Computer crashed last night 
Good morninggg! Happy Father's Day!!! I have bug bites EVERYWHERE. 
good morninggg, so tired 
Good morningï¼? Its raining heavily   bad mood..
good mornning. already at work and had breakfast. going to the gym again tonight. my muscles still ache. ouch. 
good mu'fuckin weekend. gotta do this again....nex weekend. @khalafornia nope didnt get to go. sad.  lol
Good music is best with a dance partner  fuck it!
good music... too much to drink 
GOOD NEWS &amp; BAD NEWS: iJust LANDED...but what's sux is iJust woke up &amp; found out a DROOLED all ova my black Sean Jean v-nech 
good news : I just saved 60$. bad news : cleaning lady is not coming today 
good news = TONS of new people signing up for my virtual cocktail party thursday. bad news= my site just went down. 
Good news every body! Ankle isn't as swollen as it once was!(: On the flip side, it's bruising like a motha trucka' 
Good news I walked right out onto my busâ€¦ bad news my bus smells like pee and my seat feels wet! 
Good news is I survived the mosquitoes. Bad news is the Lakers won. 
Good news is that it's almost the bank holiday weekend. Bad news is that I'm working tomo 
Good news! Getting the volvo! Bad news: won't be ready for 2 days 
Good news, finaly got the replacement ear pads for decent headphones, bad news, iPhone headphone socket is shot  3GS time? No? Really?
good news, I'm headed up to San Jose today for where2.0. Bad news... I have a bad cold 
Good news, I've a saved version which just lacks the most important part of the table... but has everything else intus 
good news, now working at 12 instead of 10, the bad news... not sure if I can go back to sleep. 
good news... well sort of... its not my wisdom tooth that needs to be extracted....however i still do need a tooth pulled 
Good news: I am still in office working; Bad news: my research paper got rejected,oh wait both are bad news 
Good news: Legally Blonde opens January 2010, Sheridan Smith confirmed. Bad news: DuncanFromBlue also confirmed 
Good news: not as sore as expected from yoga class. Bad news: have started chewing on tongue again in my sleep 
Good news: went to a nice picnic for the gf's b-day Bad news: I think I missed a friend's appearance on the Tony's 
Good news? The doc called and biopsy showed nothing unusual! Bad news? My boss called and I had to leave the beach to discuss forecast. 
Good Night  (depress)
Good night  saw the proposal  was.nt my chose in movie
Good night all......  ZZZzzzz
Good night but feeling sad now that I've got home 
Good night but it sucks how it ended for me 
Good night everybody, my country makes me sick #eu09 Ump pwned the election  #fb
good night everyone! school tomorrow 
Good night everyone!!! I'm tired as hell and this sleep gon go by reeeaaaal quick!! Uggghhhh...its my own fault though 
Good night everyone.  I have to work tomorrow, so no Nmm news till six.  
good night fellow Twitterati. back to work tomorrow 
Good night last night but head MHz 
Good night out at Imelda May, bit of rockabilly, jazz and blues. Great set of pipes. Off to bed now, 6am start 
Good night out last night, now back to work 
Good Night Sweet dreams yall... wish i was in L.A right now  .....
good night tweeter pipsss.. 
Good night twitt fam... I'm tired  Church in the AM... Be safe all!  http://mypict.me/4Ofg
Good night twitter friends - I'm nodding off at the 'puter 
Good night Twitter friends.  Yeah- we have 1003!!  I wish I could follow all of you- but they have me limited right now     2,001
Good night twitter ppl! Back 2 work maï¿½ana 
good night twitter, i have a feeling my own thoughts are gonna keep me up tonight... i love/hate this time of year 
Good night twitter. I hope your night has been better than mine has.   good night.
good night twitters... heading to nyc to buy stuff for my project 
Good night twitterverse. So tired tonight but had a gr8 time with my fiance Chris. At hm now and geez my dogs fluffs r off the charts 
Good night twittz...wake up at 5:30am tomorrow...we have a 6mile road march ahead of us 
Good night with friends. Missing my marty though.  night peeps
good night Worcester... prolly my last night here 
Good night world maybe 2morrow when I wake life will make a little more sense.... Jus maybe.... 
Good night world. I got a long day tomorrow 
Good night world. I miss my cuz 
good night yall. i have to go to work  but tonight was funny as all get out. I wish yall could have heard and partaken in the madness.
good night yesterday. wished the neighbours children didn't wake me up so early though 
Good night! I'll leave you tonight with a desire of mine: I yearn to be a cheese connoisuer.  I'd study to become one, but I'd  get fat. 
Good night!! Me &amp; my mum have an apointment with the deputy on tuesday   im in trouble lol (shes scary)
good night, i guess.  more studyzilla tomorrow 
good night, tomorrow i will wake up at 6 a.m. to go to work  I so tired!
Good night. Have to go to bed. 2morrow have maths at 9.45. 
Good night. I won't be eating Apple Jacks tonight. 
Good night. my brother is a computer hog. 
good night..have to get up so early tomorrow 
Good night..I've got to be going I sleep now  I have a very early start tomorrow...ugh sooo...good night tweeplys
good nightyy twitterworld... i'm gonna go chill w/ my mommy and magazines and 4get about my eyebrow! 
good nite folks... tmrw iÂ´ll be a busy bee ..that means no twitter 4 me 
good nite tweets! i need to go to the doctors get my head checked 
good nite tweets...the wine isn't working 
Good nite twitter bugs im off to bed have to get up early tomorrow      xo.C
Good nite, twitterville.Orlando won.Peace to the Durtty Nation.Love is in the air.lol.lol.ZzZz! @Stulittle You have been cheating on me. 
Good nitezzz to everyone .... Have to sleep &quot;early&quot; .. Have to wake up at 0640 for my Physics remedial @ 0800 
Good no test today,  but i have one tomorrow and the next day 
Good old rainy manchester. 
Good on her - didn't really mind who won out of Yasmina or Kate but really sad that Margaret won't be back 
Good oppurtunity to give my Flip Mino HD a good test. So far I had been unable to get flipshare running properly, due to ffdshow codec 
good party last night... however paying for it today 
Good party last nite!! Shoutout to all the ppl responible for golden explosion.. Hoping for round 2. 2nite.   Stuck at wrk until 630. 
Good party! Looking forward to tonight! Although without tucker it'll be weird 
Good qualifying session for Silverstone, rugby not going so well 
Good ride this a.m. but suffered leg cramps so cut it short   75 miles.  MTB tomorrow in Eureka Springs!
good seeing Nat earlier today... now @ hospital... grandma keeps moving around on the bed...must be uncomfortable 
Good show, but with a heavy heart. I fear I lost my world. How do I find it? 
Good start to the day, get up, phone call, todays job canceled,,,,  not a happy chappy  best find something else to do!
Good stuff, Smiles back? Why won't you go to his concert too? :o. Wish I could instead of working on my music which is failing  lol x
Good tbs show, good company, good girls. I miss my bf now 
Good thing I didn't put on make-up!  I'll never look at my dog the same agian. Oh, and I'll throw out the book. never again to be read.
good thing i don't work till 5 tomorrow night, feet are dead from a 10 hour coffee shift today! 
Good thing I texted Thea. I thought I closed tomorrow. I am cosa tomorrow.   which means getting up early. Not cool.
good time Rocking out @ open mic, thanks 4 all the love n support. Now working on Business plan presentation. No CG again 2nite 
Good times in Chapel Hill tonight... Sad that this is my last fun weekend in NC 
Good times last night. Thanks @Caitielin34 and @jcw5002 for hosting. Too bad Robby thinks I'm racist 
good times with my girl joni last night... u know ur getting old when u look forward to eating after the bar instead of drinking more 
Good times with old friends last night... and now I need to run a marathon to work off all the beer... 
good to be able to go back to zobel despite the loss  good games guys i think the better teams won today.
Good to hear the news &quot;Elamaran Natarajan&quot; won a award in Vasantham Pradana Vizha 2009. Really I miss the TV.Damn it 1+ yrs without TV 
Good Transformers 2 was sold out I have to wait until tomorrow. 
good weather all week 
Good weather in town this morning - thunderstorms later though 
Good weekend turned bad and now school tomorrow 
Good writing session. Now off to the dentist. Groan. I hate the dentist 
Good. Busy.  How are you? PS Your mom isn't mad at me, is she? PS2: I love you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good.... Afternoon? *yawn* I have to do the laundry pa before I go to work 
good: my storyville coffee came!!!   bad:  i have to get a few cavities filled in an hour and a half 
Good: old sim makes new iPhone activate. Bad: apple store is closed for renovations 
Goodby my luvly nokia express music.. Thanks 4 all the great pict hiks  http://myloc.me/11KY
Goodbye 2.2    
goodbye austin! 
Goodbye beautiful apt, hello dorm  !!
goodbye beautiful locks 
Goodbye bengbeng &amp;tehbotol. Seriously NO SUGAR is like a death sentence for a sweet tooth like me 
GOODBYE CELL PHONE 
Goodbye civiLization...my BB battery is Low  http://myloc.me/47Ua
goodbye common people  I will dance like a knob everywhere in your memory
goodbye dinner with amelia tonight. 
Goodbye disney  http://myloc.me/4zXm
goodbye disneyland  c u in a bajillion years!!
Goodbye Disneyland...  Now going to Melrose.
Goodbye freedom. 
goodbye gossip girl 
Goodbye hundreds shoes 
Goodbye idyllwild... 
Goodbye Jay Leno, I'll miss Saturday and Sunday evenings with you on CNBC Europe. 
Goodbye KWOD. You will be missed 
Goodbye LA; hello very long day. 
Goodbye larry 
Goodbye luncheon for Debra and Becky 
goodbye monroe and lip  you will be missed.
Goodbye New York  i am so sad to leave , i will be back soon!
Goodbye New York City  Now driving to the airport.. I will be seeing you very very soon.. I promise 
Goodbye North Carolina! 
Goodbye nuggets  fucking idiots are just blowing away the championship, Missed shot by missed shot.
Goodbye ocean 
Goodbye old memories you were only ideal but not the idea 
goodbye picnic for a classmate today  but the weather was fucking beautifuul!!!
Goodbye Pontiac  the final Pontiac will be built in August  http://digg.com/u166pS
Goodbye Portland, You've been good to me.  I love you.  I'll probably visit you, but I don't foresee ever coming back to live here.  
Goodbye Rain. 
goodbye renaissance man, leonardo would be proud 
Goodbye richmond 
Goodbye Rocky Mountains 
Goodbye sad empty apartment...we had some great times  http://twitpic.com/84txf
Goodbye San diego  my heart hurts
Goodbye silicon valley.I shall be back soon.sleep deprivation slowly catching up 
goodbye sims2. im gonna miss you 
Goodbye sunshine. It rained today. Welcome back normal weather! 
Goodbye Sydney, goodbye Apple Store... I'll miss you 
Goodbye Thai Restaurant of Norcross.   http://twitpic.com/6slv3
Goodbye to my phone until i can say for it myself. Wat will i do ? 
goodbye to my wagon of dreams... 
goodbye to twitter mobile updates, dont need THAT kinda of bill when I get home 
Goodbye tweeters off to school  Have a good day!
Goodbye until september, dance classes. 
Goodbye warney  
Goodbye Washington 
Goodbye weekend.  See you next week. 
goodbye weekend. hello monday 
goodbye work  . @cifsta_xx is tomorrow going to be like the most amazing but worst gig we've ever been to? omggggggggggggggggg, fcuk !
Goodbye year 11  Xx
Goodbye, Jay Leno! I'll miss you! 
goodbye, my fringe! it's not for me and i'm not looking by myself with it.  so...then i don't need it, right?
Goodbye, rain...hello, HEAT 
goodbye... 
goodbye's are NEVER easy  when do the tears start coming?
goodbyes are so hard 
goodbyes stink. in tears. i miss ashley already 
goodbyes to candice always suck 
goodbyes today    soo hard!
Goodd morning worlddd! Its soo earlyy 
Goodknight all!! I have a feeling that Jordan will tweet later, and I will miss it  will catch up in the morning. Goodknight!
Goodluck 2 my big lil homie later in the draft... i'mma miss my monopoly partna!!! lol This is the first draft I haven't been to n YEARS 
GOODMORING EVERYONE!! I SOO DON'T WANT TO GO TO DANCE CAMP TODAY!! SOOO TIRED!! 
Goodmornin everyone im on my way 2work agin  o well da moneys good
Goodmornin twittas .. The sun is shinnin and i have 2 work  well yall have a good day .. ! Damn i feel good 2day *bigsmileeee !!!
Goodmorning *yawn. Hmm physics... 
goodmorning everyone.. jeeej  my granny is coming from surinam after 5 months.. missed her 
Goodmorning friends!I'm sorry for the absence,i'm studying a lot 
goodmorning friends. goodmorning rain 
Goodmorning goodmorning , and I'm not in a good mood : Unhappy :-/ verry unhappy	
GoodMorning my people ..its time for me 2 get 2 work long day ahead ... 
Goodmorning summer school.  Shoot me now I hate spanish ughhh
Goodmorning sunshine. I'm still tired though 
Goodmorning Sunshines!! Haha Today im snotty  im gona take a walk and then back to bed! Viva! Bye.
GoodMorning Tweeps  I'm sooo tired..Ughh Dat Trey Songz Is Remindin Me To Much Of U Ed &quot;/ Just Like Neyo N Everythin Else! Blah! 
Goodmorning tweeps... Thank God Its Saturday..lol... So whats everyne plans for today.. Its rainy in Philly 
Goodmorning tweets another work day tryna knock dis work out so I can relax the rest of the afternoon. YEA RIGHT!!! Sounded Good 
goodmorning tweets.  my tummy hurts
Goodmorning tweets. Sorta tired. Need my charger  prob gonna go back to sleep
goodmorning twits, beautiful sunday morning at the beach too bad i gotta leave 
goodmorning twitter bugs, yummy breakfast now off to get ready for work, on sunday  waaaaaaaaaaaaa, peace x love x
Goodmorning twitter land!!! Upset I have to go to work this morn in the rain  no board for me today!!!
Goodmorning twitters! And no I'm not happy to be up right now 
goodmorning world, it's too early 
Goodmorning yall! I woke up to early 
Goodmorning you tweeters!  Off to class (a pain in my ass), back still hurts  TWEET TO YOU LATER!!!!!!!!!!!!
Goodmorning! Gotta go to school today 
Goodmorning! Happy fathers day daddy!! I wish you weren't on a plane and that you could come back for wednesday  i miss you already
goodmorning! just took a shower. now gonna have breakfast and some coffee. my cold needs to go away right nowwwww! 
goodmorning!! well.. it's cloudy out and looks like it is going to rain  we'll have to see what is on the agenda for today!
goodmorning!&lt;3 wishing the sun would come through the clouds  i can tell this is going to be one of those days..... 
Goodmorning, today I sleeped very bad 
goodmorning. my busy week ended! now it's another week. I just woke up because people like to call me late and talk about life problems. 
Goodmorning... Still tired. Day 2 of doing absolutely nothing.  Someone come take me somewhere? Kthnkz
Goodmorning..sleepy as hell want 2 go back 2 bed but mr devon won't go back 2 sleep..hubby left to fix the   and I'm dying 2 get a hai ...
goodmorning..such a ugly day out 
Goodmorningggg. I slept in and missed my yoga class on the beach this morning  woops
Goodmorninnngg! Lots of errands and then on my way to the airport at 4 am. Ahhh 
Goodness gracious, my chest area is painfully sunburnt 
Goodness with the mouth surgery I already have to have in two weeks they just found a tumor in my mouth 
goodness, what have I missed, have been out all day, inbox is full, twitter box is 150 tweets, no time to read 
goodness, what supposedly was a warm weekend turned into a gloomy, nippy one instead 
goodness...home less than 24 hours....i hate bank holidays and am feelin bored 
goodnight  â™¥
Goodnight - Not really, I just wanted to be in the trending topics 
Goodnight all! Early morning tomorrow  i have.. Pe. Rs. Science. English. and History? Great!!! 
Goodnight all! Gotta get up in the morning and do more work 
goodnight all! off to do some reading and sleep, so i can study tomorrow! 
Goodnight all...back to work tomorrow so gotta get my sleep 
goodnight all...workin late tomorrow then movin the next four days!! so blessed to have amazing people in my life...missin my sweets 
Goodnight and goodbye summer 
Goodnight anyways 
Goodnight cali, wherever you are 
Goodnight everybody i love you hahaha..... I gotta go 
goodnight everyone  tomorrow is a new day... i was discussing whit my boyfriend  Peace&amp;Love&amp;Jonas
goodnight everyone i miss the jonas brothers so much  sweet dreams :]
Goodnight everyone. School tomorrow.  test in art class.
goodnight everyone.. and sorry @_Bellaaa_ ... 
Goodnight for real this time y'all. Hopefully I'll go to sleep &amp; forget I'm close to upchucking. 
goodnight i am off 2 bed after the mask dries and i was it off.... i have an early morning have 2 do my hair my alarm is set for 5:30 
Goodnight internets... MBP still hasn't shipped... 
Goodnight Internetz.... I missed saying that to you last night... 
goodnight Jay Leno.... for the last time 
Goodnight Las Vegas  were bummed to have to leave tomorrow
goodnight loveee, i have to attend extra classes at school tmrw. urgh   
Goodnight lovely people! Sorry i've been so rubbish i promise I'm going to be on a lot more!! Xxxx Miss you  xx
Goodnight Miami! #lk2009 was great, as was time with the family! Back to Indy 
goodnight moon. goodnight fierce hair 
goodnight new york!......just got off the phone with my girls...im missin them so much 
Goodnight Orange, whereever you are 
goodnight peeps! work at 2 tomorrow 
goodnight pretty ppl! Need to hit the sch tmr. But whr's the finance office?? I need the 39bucks badly! 
Goodnight TF.... Gotta get up early for work....  Have a good one
goodnight to all!!! got to get up early again! NO sleepin in this weekend! 
goodnight to all...goodbye Sunday...starting a new week in another few hours.    Monday Blues...
Goodnight to an amazing day. Minus the fact that I can't get dave tickets 
Goodnight tweeps, i'm medicated and about to be out. Ya'll pray I don't have to have surgery on my rotator cuff. The rehab didn't work 
goodnight tweeps.. jess's gotta work in the morning 
Goodnight Tweetertopia. I hope that my migranes stay at bay for tonight. I can't do that SHIT again. 
Goodnight twitter friends!! The Movie awards was not that great 
Goodnight twitter hopefully I can fall asleep 
goodnight twitter land.  got 2 get up @ 355am to go 2 work.      tmmrw is going 2 suck!
goodnight twitter people early morning for me tomorrow 6 am 
GOODNIGHT TWITTER UNIVERSE!! hope the boys dont tweet while im gone  byee xo
Goodnight twitter! Being sick sucks! 
goodnight twitter.... tomorrow gym! 
Goodnight Twitterland!! FREE PENNIE  Sleep Well All! SWEET DREAMS!! Kush FREE is the way to be! Remember that! LOL!
Goodnight world.  I know I'm gonna be dreaming PHP/HTML/JS all mixed in with each other... 
goodnight world. i love you @mileycyrus and @taylorswift13. miley... are you EVER going to go on tour in the US?  i miss you
Goodnight yall! I feel so bad that my sister couldn't come to tahoe with us 
Goodnight! 
Goodnight!  I'll be awoken by Jeffrey in 2 hrs.  Miss him 
GoodNight! again earthquake here in Italy 
Goodnight! Dang, its still hott&amp;stuffy 
Goodnight! Go watch PPP @ddlovato @selenagomez its amazing, made me cry when Demi was looking out the window crying :\ 
Goodnight! Have to get up super early to bring cate to boston 
GOODNIGHT! im mad at Sammie right now  but still GREAT IDEA baby. I LOVE YOU HUNNIE ND TWEETERS â™¥~mrs.graham-bush~â™¥
Goodnight! Sunburn, you burn 
Everyone agrees that I'm a douchebag. 
everyone always talks about how good looking my 2 borthers and my sister is...WHAT ABOUT ME???   
everyone apart from me seems to be having fun or doing something interesting today!  meh!
Everyone but me 
Everyone Can Write a Little class being taught by @CathyZielske - now to just find time to watch the vid. Wish it worked on my iPhone 
Everyone close to me is a wreck. No matter how hard I try to help, it just wont work. They make my life feel like I'm literally in hell 
everyone either has the iphone or blackberry. im stuck with my razor for another year 
Everyone else at work is gonna be in vegas... Imma be at home... allll by my self 
Everyone else is going to sleep, and I'm just waking up. Bad bad bad. 
Everyone follow @In4merz and tell me when you've done so!!! =D (It's to help me with some JB thing...please please please  )
Everyone fucking bailed on me this weekend  so now I'm free up.  Guess I'll just play WoW.
everyone getting ready to go for the IPL match, take me with! 
GOODNIGHT! Trick on my mind 
goodnight! when I wake up tomorrow morning it will officially be the last time I wake up for high school. wow I can't believe its over 
Goodnight&lt;3.  Sleeping in his shirt..I smell like man now lol. I have to wait like 9 more hours to see him 
goodnight, i have to wake up so early tomorrow 
goodnight, ugh tmrw, i have 2 make time to clean 
goodnight. hasta manana. still no freaking twitter app 
goodnight. winnie the pooh made me tired  
goodnight... bbl tomarro... http://100wpd.com  ... notice no ads from google...  arg...
Goodnight... tests tomorrow 
Goodnight......off for dinner 
goodnight....up in a few hours 
goodnight..wait..good..morning..?  this whole not sleeping thing isnt working out.
Goodnight: Time to dream about the man I love who's over a thousand miles away with another woman 
everyone gone out and left me  Oh well........
Everyone has a cooler name than me! 
everyone has a life tonight, what with the deb and footy being on, except me 
EVERYONE HAS A VOICE,EVERYONE CAN SPEAK UP FOR THEMSELVES!WE WANT FREEDOM!!  R.I.P ---&gt; http://bit.ly/BguyU  #iranElection #iran #Tehran
Everyone has been grumpy in the Guillot house tonight. Including me.  now I'm still up sulking about it.
Everyone has buggered off to the beach and left me at home because I have a driving lesson at 6pm 
everyone has church way earlier in the summer. i missed them 
Everyone has gone to bed so I shall, too. I gained about 15 followers due to the hot words thing. You people only like me when I'm dirty. 
Everyone has got to read this... Thanks to @MikePatty for the link.. http://bit.ly/18uWiX   
everyone has left for topgolf and i am stuck not going  lets go day, pick up the pace
Everyone has the new iphone os and I want it  #squarespace
everyone hates me so much  
Everyone hates us!! 
everyone have a planning today, but i don't  
Everyone I know is asleep.  Can't chat anyone to tell them how excited I am to come home.
everyone ignores me.. 
everyone in my class always akes fuun of me for sneezing 6 times in a row everyday 
everyone in my house hates me today 
everyone in my house is asleeeeeep so now I'm lonely 
Everyone in the fucking world decided to do laundry today. Every gas station/liquor store is out of quarters 
Everyone is asking me to move here. But I just can't. Complicated 
Everyone is asleep 
everyone is away, invisible, mobile, or offline on aim 
everyone is bitching and they are saying we have to stay on until maintenance checks it out...hell no!! I want outty!!! 
Everyone is doing something fun tonight, while I'm stuck at work until 8am, getting yelled at by angry sprint customers. Not cool. 
Everyone Is either in Ocean City or heading to Ocean City today...except me! so much for ruining my life 1st semester!!now summer classes 
everyone is getting drunk tonight...except me since I have work in the morning 
everyone is going for the tweetup??  i'm nottttttt
everyone is going somewhere on vacation except for me  I wanna visit London! only 13â‚¬ for the plane in september, should I buy them?
Everyone is gone home - What a fun day!  Too quiet here now 
Everyone is graduating today! Aww, making me think of my high school graduation. 
Everyone is having adventures but me D: no fair! 
Everyone is having babies now.  Im feeling old 
everyone is in sheaps meadow but meeee 
everyone is installing 3.0 but me... left my mac at home  hope it goes well with everyone!
Everyone is late to my party! 
Everyone is leaving me ... 
everyone is leaving... 
Everyone is making smores, cant have any 
everyone is not as active on twitter as they used to be. not even miley 
Everyone is on standby due to weather  guess we are all going back late today..
Everyone is passing out on me 
Everyone is saying come to Hyde Park but I can't  I've really got to crack on with this college stuff.
Everyone is seeing Up  I wanna see up!!!
everyone is sick, huh? including me. damn boogers! 
Everyone is sleeping already. 
Everyone is talking about bamboozle 
everyone is talking about britney's concerts... i want to go 
everyone is talking about my idol (beyonce) I wish I cld afford 2 see her 
Everyone is talking to her but me. 
Everyone is too busy for me. 
Everyone is unstuck now but the snow plow skipped our road when he saw the vehicles.  
Everyone is working tonight! I'm bored 
Everyone just gave up on me dat easily! How come kno one wants to talk 
Everyone just got all teary-eyed. 
everyone keep on voting MCR please, 3oSTM already got over 1 million votes  we won't give up !
Everyone keeps calling my dad to the house phone &amp; I can't sleep  &amp; my brother woke me up &amp; shit like why he calling me I'm not a dad
Everyone keeps picking up on my fat lip  and taking the piss
Everyone keeps talking about how good it feels outside, i don't get it... I'm FREEZING. 
Everyone keeps texting me to go out for drinks..but ama pass on dat for a couple of weeks...sooo gonna miss my beers &amp; goose.. 
Everyone knows Argo. Argo this, Argo that... Anyone remember Amber?! 
Everyone knows Brokeback Mountain is going to win all because of the stupid gay cowboys.
Everyone left me on twitter.  I guess I can call it a night too!
Everyone looks the same here 
everyone loves @jaykpurdy's new hair. I kinda miss the blond w a stripe of black in the back. 
Everyone Must Hate Me I Have No Followers And I'm Basically Talking To Myself Im Such A Fat Lazy Bastard 
Everyone on here is packing to go to some place cool to do something even better. I am watching tv and doing schoolwork...........FUN 
Everyone on tetrisfriends.com has no idea how to play tetris. It's sad. 
Everyone on the eastcoast... the rain hates us  let's just all fly to Cali. LOL
Everyone out of town who am I going to drink with? 
Everyone please pray for all those on board Air France flight 447 and their families-hope they find them. 
Everyone please pray for Issac's family today. His funeral is this morning. What a horribly awful day. 
Everyone please think good thoughts or pray for my husband as he is very sick. 
Everyone pray fer meggies doggy misty...she had a stroke 
everyone pray for my uncle. he's in tha hospital with blood on his brain. 
Everyone pray for the people on flight 447 and their families. What an awful situation!!  
everyone said the da vinci code sucks ass = \.
everyone says that today is a good day... but it isÂ´t 
Everyone seems to be having a bad day today 
Everyone send Emmett some love. S/he's having a bad day. 
Everyone send good thoughts and pray for those on the DC trains, and their families. CNN reporting 2 dead. 
Goodnite  I'll be back on my A-game tommorrow!!
GOODNITE 4REALZ!!! MIGRAINE IS IN LIGHT SENSITIVITY AND NAUSEA PHASE. GONNA TAKE A NAP AND THEN FINISH MY PAPERS.  WISH ME LUCK!!
Goodnite all. I think that naughty gnome has stole my teddy again. 
goodnite everybody. bsok ya br blesnya.capek.hu. n someone there.sorry for too much ignoring u this night 
Goodnite tweeple!! If I can't sleep I'll hit you back. (awww  gotta get it together)
Goodnite twiteers .. Bad day hopefully goes better tomorrow 
goodnite twitter. im not feeling well. it's like im about to throw up  i just drank iced tea. dunno why (
goodnite twitter...gotta work in the tomorrow 
Goodwood training last might, thought I was 10 years younger, now it hurts 
Goof morning!!! In 2 days we have the last book of Millenium saga.A rainy day has come  need sun to be alive(more alive) im going to gym
googdnight tweets....@dudecameron, thanks 
Google Adsense Income down by 6% in this months Payment, Indian Govt Happy for $ Falling, Publishers Sad 
Google adsense rejected my blog http://sandeepnvarma.blogspot.com for the third time  somebody pls help meeeeeeeeeee
google apps shrunk standard edition email accounts to 50.. just when i needed 500..  http://plurk.com/p/xh6j4
Google blocked in China, can't use Gmail, Google Apps, NOTHING   (well I can but others can't) http://bit.ly/oaoe
Google Book Search New Features (G Price) - Thumbnail view only available for full view titles  http://bit.ly/wCdvR #GBS
Google Chrome is so effing fast! Especially on a Quad core machine. I just really wish I had AdBlock Plus and Googlepedia from Firefox 
Google Gears doesn't support Firefox 3.5 
Everyone should be THRILLED to learn that my foot feels WORSE today than it has the past few. I WANT MY VICODIN. (Not a drug addict.) 
Everyone should have someone to snuggle with when it rains this much, mine is a million miles away 
Everyone should know that @primehex just beat my ass at checkers 
everyone should pray for @caitlinbyrne fish 
Everyone stop broadcasting how much fun you're having. I'm sitting in my room working on an endless report. It's FML x FOMO and it sucks 
Everyone stop what you're doing &amp; help me find my favorite pen. Its a black clicky Papermate. I heart this pen.     #fb
everyone talking bout thier new iphone!! 
everyone used up the hot water! i had to have a cold shower 
EVERYONE VOTE FOR MILEY CYRUS FOR THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS BECAUSE I CAN'T THAT DOE'T WORK AT ME I'M #FRUSTRADED :@ 
Everyone were talking about The Sims 3. I want to get my hands on the game as soon as possible but its not here yet 
everyone who was goin summerball looked so nice! sad times, last time i'll see some peeps for a while 
Everyone will care about Iran for a few months then forget the country exists...just like Myanmar's crackdown on the monks 
Google Goggles:.. im tempted to un-enable it.  it makes me really self conscious at my lacking mathematical.. inability 
Google Maps is acting rare! 
Google maps lied to me. 
Google preparing to challenge Amazon for e-book market? http://snurl.com/j6s71 I think Google does not know what to do  completely lost
Google search produced: Stock market SOARS in late-day rally, , retailers' SALES FIGURES and, next Friday, ... based banks make HEADWAY 
Google still reporting my blog _isn't_ infected with malware but serving errors to people anyway   http://bit.ly/elRVT
Google stole my heart &lt;/3 ...and my newly purchased lederhosen 
Google thinks the Cafe is a spam blog.  They're recognised by &quot;irrelevant, repetitive, or nonsensical text&quot;.  That's told me 
Google Translate is not able to handle javali.org.br, even gives no error  worldlingo.com comes to rescue.
Google Wave got me all excited, now it will be hard to sleep 
Google Wave looks cool. I should be working for these guys, I came up with some of these ideas years ago.  http://tinyurl.com/m77gp7
google wave next, can't keep up with the 186 ways i can communicate with people now  what happened to good old fashioned letter writing?
everyone, my twitter name now has 3 H's because twitter is being dumb 
Everyoneeee enjoy the dayyyyyyyy. Will tweet l8r .....time to get upppppp.  lol Xoxo
everyoneeee text me while i curl up into a ball  fuck being sick
everyone's abandoning the office... I still have 5 hours to go  
everyones addicted   to alchohal i want some 
Everyone's allergic to Poison Ivy; i know it guys, me too. L, you can't change, and me neither, so...i guess it's enough 
everyones at bamboozle   why am i not at bamboozle   im so sad
everyones bailing on we love sounds, 
Everyones downtown tonight. I'm too busy feeling/looking like a pile of shit to go out. 
everyones drinking beer.. but me.. tea. having a sore throat sucks. coughin all day made it hurt so much more 
Everyones flipping out because some kid made a threat to shoot up the school today. So scary 
Everyone's Game. #Nintendo #E3  Presscon is over. No announcement on a Nintendo phone! 
Everyones geting tattoos but me  ?
everyones going crazy over the iphone new software being released today! Haha, what about poor lil iPod Touch? 
Everyone's going to see take that and I'm not, it's times like this I wish I was well  Have fun though all that are going xxxx
Everyone's going to the parade... except me  !!!!  I'm babysitting so Eli can go....
Everyone's gone  but it was lovely.
Everyone's gone tomorrow, except me with no life 
everyone's got their bad days..barry zito just tends to have a whole lot more than the rest of us. better luck next time barry 
everyone's graduating and goes to every other different places.. i'm kinda sad.. 
Everyones ignoring me tonight  sawwy guyszs
everyone's in a bad mood at the moment? 
Everyones in such a good mood and i'm not 
Everyones out partying and im sitting here... twittering... feeling very low at the moment 
googled the film`17` that every1 talkin about and got &quot;17 (seventeen) is the natural number following 16 and preceding 18. It is prime.&quot; 
Google's blogger.com and *.blogspot.com has been blocked in China since May 15th.   Will Google do anything to protect the users' right?
Googling Info on My Surgery..Hmm.June 29th is Approaching 
gooing to work. 
Goood afternoon twitterville! Wow, jet lag isn't good. Think its a lazy day for me today. Too tired2do anything  studio2ma! Can't wait!!
Goood Dayy  Beeen shopping, didn't get what I wanted though  But my best friend has comeeee homeeee!! XD Ily Shannii x
Goood morning internet...This is early for me  Woke up and went straight on my laptop...
Goood Morning Tweet bugs...who won the game last night? I fell asleep 
goood morning! only 19 followers ? 
goood morning, where the fu... is the sun??? itÂ´s fu&lt;3king cold outside....brrrr....no nice warm day @ the Rhine River for me today! 
Goood morning. I'm sick  sadness
Goood morning. It's going to be hot today. yay 
Goood night peopleesss.. tomorrow i focus on anything BUT bamboozle.. cause liike... i wont be there  soo good night!  ouch migrainess
Getting readyy.. going to the hospital to see my papa 
getting reafy for work and battling the sickness.. 
getting really annoyed at how #firefox handles javascript and streaming video. 
Getting really down about all of these tweets and FB stati about all of my senior friends' &quot;lasts&quot; and how they will be gone soon.  
getting really pissed off  Club Nintendo code from my Pkmn Platinum is &quot;invalid&quot; :\  Yes I type it correct! 
Getting really sad about leaving my puppy. 
Getting really tired of all this traveling!  Not even enough time for Church on Sunday's! 
Getting rede to go to work ... Hopefully were busy otherwise I'll have to clean 
Getting report card tmmr  sigh dun wanna face reality~
getting sad that Supernatural has nearly ended 
Getting sad...  Only 2 shows of lost left.... This season...
getting separation anxiety thoughts over a weekender without the lil giant 
getting sharp pains in the back of my head  Its not a tumor.  I think.
Getting shrimp...and needing food 
getting sick  - Ty's birthday weekend!
getting sick  ....ugh going to work
Getting sick  can't sleep at all I've been up like all night
getting sick  i have a sore throat  and i miss my papas 
getting sick  time for some hot tea, studying, and then sleeeep
getting sick again ... for the third time in two months! All is not well 
Getting sick in CA.. not cool. 
getting sick of my foot!!!!!!! i haate cuts and dont know if i can go to the dance next week  hopefully and brandon better come!!
Getting sick of these goddam bots/spam following me and not one good looking guy bot  WTF Sort it out Twitter!
Getting sick, have to work this weekend, hella hw, and doesnt look like I will see my girlfriends until Saturday. Ugghhh 
getting sick, it's miserable outside, yuck   *
getting sleepy...i think i pinched a nerve in my upper spine, it hurts really bad.  btw: the Kerns' photoshoot went GREAT!!
getting so damn impatient from waiting for my photos 
getting sold out by alfred 
Getting some coffee, then time to clean and pack up for the camping trip!  Bumming that C &amp; C can't join us though. 
getting some drugs in me so i am ready for the dentist tomorrow.. there's a crack in my tooth 
Everyone's out scuba-diving except me 
everyone's summer school classes end this week...i have...5 more  booooooooo
everyone's TweetDeck works except mine  poo.
everyones unfollowing me 
Everything 
Everything _is_ bigger in #Texas... even #bankruptcy filings   http://tinyurl.com/mkarxr
everything and everyone 2day is conspiring to ruin my Friday  bleh!
Everything around is so so gloomy.. 
everything changed... and it's really boring back home... I miss Belgrade 
Everything comes with a price    hopefully I can still afford it.
Everything fine and cool about using a Chromium browser alpha nightly build, but it keeps crashing on using the back button 
Everything happens while I sleep  @porridgebrain NRG=energy?  #simeonhobbes
Everything hurts  school's gonna be hell.
everything hurts D: especially my head 
Everything hurts right now.. Esp my hip bone?? Maybe from sleeping on it weird.. But the pain is enough that I can't get back to sleep.. 
everything hurts today. 
EVERYTHING hurts today. Ouch. 
everything I own is in Pville and Im two hours north until Wednesday night. 
everything i wanted to write last nite were all gone from my mind! 
Everything I'm reading about the new Novatell mobile 3G platform sounds fantastic. Unfortunatley, Verizon got their hands on it 
Everything in Malaysia = expensive. Gosh I really need a raise 
Everything involving my English class makes me angry and frustrated. I just want it all to go away. 
Everything is bad 
Everything is bigger than it should be..  And yes, ive tried ctr+scrolling
Everything is down at work and I can't go home. 
everything is fucked up...idk what to do. i hate having to deal with this 
everything is just trouble  going to a friend tonight 
Everything is ruined  Only kidding, I'll Twitter while watching the Story of Anvil, all good 
EVERYTHING is so SKETCHY; EVERYTHING is so CONFUSING; can't you just tell me the TRUTH! why is this being so DIFFICULT? ugh 
Everything just fails today. 
Getting some indigestion from the tacos I had for dinner... Ugh. 
Getting some laundry done and then off to work in about an hour. Boring. I wish I had the day off so I could go biking. 
Getting some lunch in the sunshine, much needed after so much excel. 
Getting some new tunes and plowing through my last Harry Potter book. Kinda sad 
Getting some of my backlogs cleared up - need a whole month of vacations to clear up everything 
Getting some work done this am  wishing I was home in my bed.
getting some writing done then headed for a run...hopefully...this weather is giving me a slight headache 
getting sooooo tired, gotta be at work at seven am    YUCK
Getting started on Law School reading; what else am I gonna do. I didn't get paid Friday. 
getting stuck from visiting sites by rain 
getting stuff together for the Bridal Extravaganza. doing it in spurts because my foot hurts and i can't walk on it too long. 
getting that &quot;urge&quot; 
Getting that anxious feeling 
Getting the 2cv ready for Rendezvous. Wash &amp; wax last night   Rain this morning 
Getting the hang of this but none of my friends r even on here? 
Getting The Hills S3&amp;4. Yaaaaaay! I heart The Hills. Don't want Lauren &amp; Audrina  to leave though. Gonna miss them! 
Gooodmorning twitttter! Senior goodbye rally today 
Gooodmorning! How is everyone? I was surprised to see the sun out this morning.. Now its cloudy 
gooodmorning,thesunlightdoesn'texist!    buut I'm soo happy! haha encarnei no ingles de vez/twitter me inspira! xD
Gooodnight.... Working 10-6 again 
goOood mOooOorning!!!! I just wake up from a bad night!!! I think it's one of my worst nights in my life!!   
Getting the kiddles ready for mums surprise 60th party.  Sun shining. Blue skies. Shame Marie so poorly. 
getting the plane from Dubai to Munich. The holidays are over 
getting the remainder of my things from Jersey today after work. 
Getting tired and it's only Louisiana 
Getting tired of all the nightmares lately; drowning, needles, spiders, lost love - all my worst fears come to life when I close my eyes. 
Getting tired, off to bed soon.  Missing my hubby.   #fb
getting to work on my site, www.4snugbugs.com have new things to list, and LAUNDRY to do!  ~ sigh, it needs to be done! LOL
getting trampled by cbc guys is NOT fun 
Getting up at 6:00am is not fun. Especially when you don't work until 915am 
Getting up for work at the buttcrack of dawn sucks, almost as much as falling asleep at 6pm... I'm such an old lady 
getting up so i can get the day started another rainy day here 
Getting up to review Jay's new work because my blackberry has limits, random limits...and it likes twilighted better than Fanfiction 
Getting up, getting coffee, getting ready for work 
goooood mooorning people... sun is out.. definitly spring now, we had our first spring hail storm, my car has dimples now.. 
goooood night twitter! resting up for the last day w moms in spain 
gooooodmorning twitter! gotta get started on my HOMEWORK thts due on Monday  No Bueno!
Gooooodmorning! Yummi yummi I just ate cornflakes! Now I have to clean up my room 
Gooooodnight! Why do the weekends go by so quickly? 
Gooooood morning exam day 
GOOOOOODDDDDD FOORRRRRR YOUUUUU. Im probably pissing many people off with my tweets. sorry. 
Goooooodmoring , I don't want to be up I am YAT   happy birthday again @its_aygee !
goooooodmorning world i want donuts  someone bring me some krispy kreme! 
Getting up... Eurghh this is way too early for me 
Getting upset as connection keeps dropping in the middle of downloading the iPhone update! 
getting very hungry.....havent had lunch yet.. 
getting very impatient waiting for the new series of Peep Show 
Getting very tired yet I'm wanting to do some more writing. I'm having a hard time concentrating 
Getting very very frustrated  ;)
Getting Viv ready for her first day of &quot;school&quot; tomorrow.  I think I'm more nervous than she is 
Getting well from bronchitis 
Getting worried about project deadline ! Have done very little yet  !
getting worried that my iPhone may not actually arrive on Friday.  My order status still says &quot;Prepared for Shipment&quot;. #iphone
Getting yelled at for playing guitar this late 
GettingDressed, ThenOffToSchool, It's a VeryRainyDay  :@
Gettingready to leave Jess's house. It will be a sad moment  BUT! I will be able to go see MY new puppy. Her name is Hannah.
Gettn n the shower finally, i smell of a hot, mess fire. 
Gettng a new tire due to a blowout on the freeway 
Gettting @honorsociety tickets for my sisssyyyy since I won't be home for it 
gettting pissed off with infamous, can't do this sub mission 
gettting'reaadiii, and then school.. for my vocaal exam. 
Gf really upset &amp; dissapointed me today. Really wanna talk about it, but it's such a  long story for it all to make sense. Oh well 
EVERYTHING on my laptop got deleted  Toshiba, I hate you.
everything seems simple if you're a child... but now everything is difficult.. making decisions.. and others... 
Everything seems to be falling apart so close to my birthday!  You're such a jerk!
everything sucks right now  all my hopes and dreams cant come true  i love music, and hate what im going to have to do forever  help
Everything was fine. Then everything turn for the worse. I'm so upset, now. 
Everything was going perfect.. :/ this sucks  fml
Everything will change between you and me when the baby comes.. 
everything's going wrong today 
Everything's just aching 
everythings so messy  need to tidy up really but i cant be bothered right now
Everythings up &amp; running, except mysql replication.    Lulz!
everytime @dawnrichard go live im neva home 
everytime a great almond street hospital advert comes on, i cry 
Everytime I come here I see somethin different... This time it's a 60 yo dude in a jean mini skirt... And it's not cute 
everytime i fall asleep my dreams are haunted 
everytime i go to check weather.com i keep putting in New Rochelle instead of Albany 
Everytime I hear a car revv up and then slow down, I think the mail's here. It's not.  But honestly, how many freaking trucks do that?!
Everytime I IM coho it connects me to myself 
Everytime I lay in bed to go to sleep, I feel so sick. 
everytime I listen to Moonlight Sonata I regret giving up my piano and organ 
Everytime I look at the study page I fall asleep 
Everytime I need to call AAA it is raining. Every. Time. 
Everytime I put my hand into my box of roses I get a strawberry dream 
everytime i see a honda. it makes me miss mine so bad. R.I.P. Honda 
Everytime I talk to you you drag me in...now my profile songs got me thinking about you, I hate to say it...but I shouldn't talk to you 
Everytime I try and use twitterbox on my iPhone it freezes up or is extremely laggy to the point I can't do anything. 
everytime i try to get u off of my mind..it doesnt work at all.. i loved u ever since i first met u.. &amp; i tried to forget about u.. but.. 
GFTG still doesn't have the Alice Choker or Edward Wristband. 
GG Season Finale today, can't watch cause of exams. 
GG to the blues  atleast there was a punch on with crocker AHAHA
GG5 tomorrow  goodbye cruel world.
Ggggh my brother is smoking. Smells shitty. Now I'm in the same car 
Ggggrrrr backlog of MMS update from O2 
GGGRRRR  bored of all this now! / Russell Brand is good xD
GGRRRR!!  Just trashed my phone. All music, contacts &amp; calendar GONE. 
ggrrrrr...spent zero time outside and I still gotta pack and get to Milwaukee.   I will do it quickly!!
GH2 on no sleep work in 5 hours 
ghees!!! perot sakit liao after eating nasi sambal goreng dis morning!!!! felt nauseous oso sia!!! nk vomit liao!!! hurhur.... 
Ghetto people make me sad. 
Ghis was a great night yesterday  I'll miss my freaks  &lt;3
Ghost Adventures was done in Lompoc near me in Santa Maria, although this episode was not impressive to me at all... 
Ghost is very sad 
ghost of girlfriends past was fab..i cried 
ghost whisperer is making me cry!	
ghost whisperer s4 episode 'threshold' is so sad  ... :0
Ghost World kinda sucks.  sorry, Rae 
ghosts in my room.... 
Giant Chewy Nerds are bomb, but staying at home cleaning isn't 
giant microburst  there's a tree laying right next to my house
Giants are doing great, my kids (cuz of the rain) will never play again, and I have to work 2marro  ick.........................
Giants first game tonight! But I have a meeting during most of it 
Gief free online stream of #RedWings game. I'm in UK and can't watch it. 
GIG CANCELLED  enough work for today ... made good progress on DTAG RFQ ...
Gig tonight at King Street Blues, Alexandria. http://bit.ly/mfqve Need to redo chord charts with larger fonts  
Gig tonite in Belmar is rained out  but the band's still going to get together at my house to work out some new material. Always fun.
gigging all day, too bad I already owe all the money I'm making 
giggles....hehe... I have no clue how this thing works... and i have to teach it at the library this Thursday...  lol
Gih.  Finally home from work.  13-hour work days are rough.  Plus I have to go back into work tomorrow.  
Gilberto Gil is going to have a concert in Ljubljana but I'll miss him because of vacations 
Gilmore didn't record  Guess I'll just read a bit of Brisingr before I sleep.
gimme a good idea for a story? maybe pretty please? I can't think of anything! 
GIMP keeps shutting down on me. I need a new copy of photoshop. I hate being broke. 
Ging to sleep !  I have a Biiiiiiiiiiig test tomorrow ... 44 questions    !  2 hours in the classroom   !  So boring !
gingermuffin wants to dip me in lemonade &amp; throw milk duds at my boobies! 
Gino pietermaai rocked this place ..   Lmfao
Girl Burns Kitten Alive In Oven As &quot;Practical Joke&quot; http://bit.ly/2QNz15  I think I want to cry. 
girl drama sucks. soo much 
girl my middle name is study!!  and im abt 2 be ghost bc im goin outta town this wknd BAOW!! @Betty_Bop
Girl set to become Mum at 12... I couldn't even keep my silkworms alive when I was 12. I remember once I accidentally killed 8 in one go 
everytime i try to install the expansion packs for Sims 2, the game crashes!  
everytime i try to tlk to tommy he not on 
Everytime I turn on the TV the wings score  I'm going to watch my DVD
Everytime I tweet, I look at how horribly cracked my screen is 
Everytime I watch Schindler's List my heartbreaks a lil bit each time. 
Everytime I watch something on TiVo that's on the Disney Channel, there r always commercials for other things I want to watch but missed 
Everytime I'm home I deal with little sisters. I just pulled a suitcase worthy amount of clothes out their room..can we say annoying? 
everytime twitter updates, the fb page destroys itself. 
everytime we think we've finished typing in all the survey data for analysis...we find a new stack. 
Everywhere has sold out of anything icey and lolly like!  x
Eve's first set of jabs in an hour!  Horrible waiting room followed by Eve feeling pain for the first time  This calls for rescue remedy..
evey1 plz pray for @heidimontag she's in the hospital and its not looking to good  shame on u @nbc
Evident, nu stiu cu ce sa ma imbrac. How lame is that? 
evidently it's much too hot and humid to sew in this timy room. 
Evie isn't feeling well this morning  http://yfrog.com/7gdmlvj
Evil cold of doom  feeling really rubbish want the sims to be delivered  lol
EVIL CREDIT CARD COMPANIES!!  God, and just when I was starting to *build* my credit again - I get this stupid 'ding' from them! 
Evil Dead ou Burn After Reading? difÃ­cil escolha 
evil little puke machine lol my baby niece threw up all over me shower here i come 
Evil Stairs.. fell down them twice today!   Hehe Me and Han watched gossip girl for like 4 hours today lol
EVILPINKMUNKY IS GAY AND BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN SUCKS!.
evime gitmek istiyorum art?k 
Evrything is going so wrong! I need Lou Lou. The old Lou Lou. I miss her. Not this new 'rebel' Lou. Man i miss the old Lou Lou. 
Evrytim i enthuly plnnd to jog, smthg mst pop up. E pain is bck ppl. 
ew @ baking soda toothpaste 
Ew @twitter why arent i gettin update txts 
ew at fat mexican kids hitting on me thinking i'm a lesbian. 
Ew double science tomorrow 
ew for karen dillards 
ew fuck this i thought this was supposed to be an actual guy who kills people in prom night, not ghosts!  i'm scaaaaared!
Girl state is over and i'm so sad  . . . At the first of the week i would have never guessed  i'd miss it
Girlfriends car got broke into 
Girls are home with Jeff, along with the neighbors, I'm at work   43 1/2 more days......
Girls are like trees the good ones are always on the top. Guys are just afraid of falling... that is why they won't climb to the top 
girls are sleeping, jack is playing...perfect opportunity to run (for once) and yet...I don't want to!!    must snap out of it!
girls came home early...alyssa is sick!  now its off to bed and an early morning for &quot;papa's&quot; day. haha missing hubby SO much. 5 more days
Girls Can't Catch - Keep Your Head Up &lt;3 ...man i wish Girls Aloud hadn't finished their tour already 
Girls have no sense of humor... 
girls in florida malls are too overly made up. i cant tell how old the old ladies are or how young the little girls are fml 
Girls, why are you so hard to understand  (via #zenjar )
Giro TT on. Almost over 
Gishery eli chqneci.  chgitem inchu. Gishery matematikaem parapel qich te shat. vaghy qnnutyanem. Isk esor konsultacia.
Giuliano bateu longe do gol.. 
GIVE A HATER A Hug ? Why would you do that? I don't like mwean people 
Give a little time for the child within you, don't be afriad to be young and free. Unless of course you have a tonne of work to do 
Give kids a three ring circus and they want four 
give me a break already 
Give me a guitar soon before I start playing broomsticks again....  &quot;sigh...&quot;
give me a week to restart my heart.... 
Give me back my xbox.com  
Give me one domain Namecheap 
Give me something to do....so far this summer blows 
Give me strength. The nicest day of the year and the neighbours are playing the Dirty Dancing soundtrack very loud. It's a chav disco 
give the letter to her. Everytime I mention her, she looks sad. I think she's jealous 
give up 
given how early i have to be up tomorrow, it is probably unwise to begin watching twin peaks on http://www.cbs.com/classics/twin_peaks 
given self arm lovebite, only teethmarks remain 
given up on sorting my room, I've run out of shelves!! my hayfever is getting to me, hiding inside 
given up on studying history and going to sleep. hopefully my jaw will unlock 
Given up on the iPhone. Don't think there is any chance that anyone outwith the States can win  #squarespace
given up on the maths.            i'll just fail higher, i don't care... 
Given up shopping in bury as pickle is having mannequin moments in next and debenhams 
gives condolances to Gloria and The fams  http://plurk.com/p/13s4l0
gives up n internship 
gives up on this work 
giving a friend relationship advice  i thought they were the perfect couple
Giving a new Twitter app a whirl. Feels sluggish. 
Giving credit where due: our tax office was pretty helpful and efficient today. I filed with ease but am poorer too  Donations welcome.
Giving Friday Night Lights a try on Netflix stream due to @jafred 's high praise....@cherlynn is not excited.  
Giving Laddie some love...he really misses Teddy too. 
Giving my 2000-2008 Playlist a whirl, on right now is Jessica Simpson's &quot;I Think I'm In Love With You&quot;. I miss 2000. 
Ew gross 
Ew I cannot find my osap info OR my birth certificate!!! Curse you moving business 
Ew i do not wanna be 19 at alllll.  i guess i have no choice...
Ew i feel sick and my throat hurts 
ew i hate chem  considering giving up &amp; just doing bio at uni... *-) im shit at chem so why then do it at uni?!
ew i hate putting the meat on the skewer things when we're having a bbq. I wonder why i'm not vegetarian yet 
ew i have an orthodontist appppointment. 
ew i have maths class after this :/  ewwwww 
ew i just poured some milk into my cornflakes and tasted it and the milk was all soury 
Ew i smell like bon fire right now and have a huge headache! 
ew icarly 
Ew i'm a big sket  why the hell am i giving advice hahaah.
Ew i'm congested and just realized i can't taste food  =/ i feel sick and want to go home    i'm off early. Usually i'd stay but not t ...
ew im up too early!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Ew its monday 
ew looking so gross at the fair haha  text me if youre here!
Ew mnm couple in queue im front of me. Waiting for bus to go home. Gonna miss Red Thread 
ew my hair is so screwed. ahahah. i hate my life 
Ew my stepdad is eating a lobster  it has a FACE! EWWW!
Ew not very nice this morning even tho it had a promising start!  on a side note got some new rubber on the mota in the form of Avon ZZ3's
Ew school tomorrow  idk what im gonna say.
ew snow! but anywho im getting ready to go to co op BUT....no brandon today  he is very sick! so im coming home today D: send some love&lt;3
Ew spider on my wall. HELP. 
ew this cheap version of lesnac is gross  hope pineapple juice will wash out the gross french onion taste.
Ew Timothy Hutton is so old! 
ew tofu 
ew why am i up and wide awake at 720. . .  this is bullshit 
ew, being stranded at the library gets old after three hours 
Ew, creepy: http://psychoticlettersfrommen.blogspot.com/ worse, there are over 500 comments on the most recent post 
ew, i hate sundays...school tomorrow 
ew, i hate to throw up.  i hope i'm not getting sick. i'm leaving monday for a week.
ew, i have school tomorrow  no classes this week though! oh the joys of being in 6th year
ew, only place in mall that has coffee was BK &amp; they dont have soy milk  yuk to half &amp; half!!
Ew, summer school starts June 8 
Ew, there was the ugliest and grossest bug on my Barron's book.  And it appeared out of nowhere!  Talk about creepy.  
ew, those chicken nuggets weren't satisfying. they were cold and my fries were super hard... not even crispy 
ew. An &quot;impudent strumpet&quot; is trying to follow me 
Ew. I hate this feeling in my throat. 
ew. i have ballet now. then parent teacher (and me) meetings! pray for me 
Ew. I just ate a bunch of random food cause I hadn't eaten since breakfast, except Tastee Freeze, and now I feel sick. Bad combinations 
ew. science homework  // cinema w/ Connie and Cara laterrr // YIPEE!
Giving Trin the neb. she's so wheezy 
Giving TweetDeck for iPhone a whirl. It's v sexy. No sign of 3.0 software update yet though. Bums. 
Giving up for tonight on getting #zf controller testing to work 
Giving up my goal...they only work if you're rich, or know someone who is!!!  disillusioned mj... 
giving up on having a job this summer. Managers continue to fail to call me. Looks like its going to be a long broke year. 
Giving up on installing Movable Type 
giving up on the swimsuit. it will probably be hanging from my ceiling when i get home from the trip. . . conveniently. 
giving up on work for this evening. urrrghh.. only a month till exams 
Giving up organic lifestyle until payday 
Giving up the ghost on camping.  Rescheduling 4 the 2nd week in July.  I'm sure it'll be 90F or snow, just for me. Double 
Giving up. Everyone and their cat is using Castle.DynamicProxy2. 3 out of 4 of my dependencies need each a different version of DynProxy2 
GIZMO CHASED OFF A PITBULL! omg I got so scared. I thought he was going to be eaten for breakfast! 
Gizmo the cat is sick 
gizmo was okay - he doing a lot of sleeping...more than usual???     shower.
g'knight peeps 1 more dbl to work in the cold rain...MD has no summer in sight so far. Where the hell is it?? 
glad @justinarnold and @nhenick are together 
glad diversity won BGT! - Gutted its nearly bak to school time 
Glad Diversity won BGT. They were my favorites! Had a bad head for over a week now, getting bored of it 
glad her Norwegian &quot;host&quot; aunt, Gro, is in Heaven now, but very sad she died...unexpected loss.  VELDIG GLAD I DEG GRO..KLEMMER FORALLTID
Glad I checked net. Stores open 7am for preorders, normal time for walkins. No fair. I might not get one today since I have to work at 8 
Glad I didn't take the metro today 
Glad i dont have class/work 2day. But now i'm lonely n everyone else is gone 
Glad i got paid today, but hates that it all goes to bills 
glad i invite people over @caitlinkirby's house then slept through the whole day. i just woke up 
Glad I was not on the AirFrance flight yesterday, fingers crossed for the 228 missing people 
Glad I woke up; I was having a horrible dream that someone stole my wallet with my casino winnings in it. Mom &amp; John both lost last night 
Glad im not the only one to say poo. Pupils just laugh 
glad it was such as nice day because the rest of the week is supposed to rain 
Glad it's Friday - It's been a sickly week 
Glad it's Friday... but bummed that I am officially working Saturdays. 
Glad its the next day. Slept at my bf's--his neighbor was beating his wife in the middle of the night. Never been so scared. Violence bad 
glad kris is in finale! but is really bummed about friendships. and just getting hurt. and her heart hasn't been doing good today... 
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnâ€™t want to see Lim Kit Siang  http://bit.ly/152vCc  @HillaryChan @smashpop @wahlau @minishorts @bytebot
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnâ€™t want to see Lim Kit Siang  http://bit.ly/152vCc @FireAngel @thealia @thechannelc @artmaker @TheBackpackr
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnâ€™t want to see Lim Kit Siang  http://bit.ly/152vCc @JohnOng @demonick @skyburial @kyspeaks @nikicheong
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnâ€™t want to see Lim Kit Siang  http://bit.ly/152vCc @walski69 @Hantulautan @Asohan @BARISANNASIONAL
glad my daddy is alright  Good thing I didnt watch the fourwheeler flip on him.
Glad my micro test got pushed back until the 15th! Start stats tomorrow, joy 
Glad my neck is better. But last night i was up to 3pm with my stomach pains. Swear it makes me emo. 
Ew.. I can see my roots. I have more brown then red &amp;black in my hair  x ChemicalKid x
Ew... Bloomseer Poplar side-boob 
ew... i have to go to school  this week end kinda sucked
ew... its windy&amp;sandy&amp;dusty... w/ no rain 
Ew...I'm in math 
ew...reheated baked potatoes aren't too great 
ew...this pizza I am eating is nastyyy.  eff lunch!
ewe, i have a fever.  guess it`s stress making me sick. 
ewewew sculpey is so hard to get off my hands 
ewh got up early this morning thinking i had to go into school............... i don't not until this afternoon 
ewhh my phone &amp; ipod are in the other rooooom, can someone please get it for me  i'm sooooo tired -- POWWEERR NAPS!
eww I need to sleep damn it !  im never gunna wake up in time tomorrow! im Wide awake ! wtf 
eww i think im EXTREAMLY burnt 
eww I'm wearin my glasses today 
Eww its gross here &amp; a lady keeps looking at me weird  ha ha but another smiled &amp; asked me if i was in their company..me in the army? LOL
Eww not in the mood to sleep as i'm worried one of my cats killed Mr Froggy 
eww sand in my tights. HOW? ew sand in my shoes ew ew , i must throw these shoes out there done, the seawater made them smell shite. 
eww studying! exams coming up this week 
Eww the word early makes me cringe. But my blood is low my my internal pancrieas wokr me up  apple juice time!!!!!!!
Eww town fair tire smells horrible. Its making me sick 
Eww why is it cloudy today 
Eww! eww eww eww! I don't want to know these things. 
eww.  my window was open all day and now i smell skunk. the window is now closed 
eww. examss soonn  i dont wanna failll!
eww. i need to clean my house 
Eww... I hate spiders they are gross and creepy 
eww... three more minutes. didnt study for my tests.  theyre pretty dang hard this time.
Eww....this drink is so gross.....i'm trying to not leave it alone cuz my mom might poison it.... 
Eww...I just burped and that joint stank... 
eww...I'm getting pr0n followers now 
Ewww  my tummy hurts
Ewww are these tears falling from my eyes because I'm leaving Hawaii? Just when Lilo Stitch and I were becoming bestfriends  *boarding*
Ewww going to the dentist in 15 minutes 
ewww gotta do a summary  - hates it right now 
glad schools out but summer is a little boring, i already miss my friends    but im goin to the pool with one of my BFFs, that will b fun!
glad she rushed to floor barre for no reason! 
Glad someoneunderstands. Not really. I hate to know what you're feeling and that you have to feel it at all 
Glad the weekend was nice now it's gloomy &amp; rainy 
Glad to be home at last! Work was actually hell today - bloody projectors 
glad to be home but missin Karhu and my new Finnish friends already 
Glad to be home I wish I could make @CBrown7785 feel better 
glad to be home, sippin tea, makin rice with danils...i think i got him sick too 
Glad to be jailbroken again, though Fontswap seems to be b0rked 
glad to be of from work....  i dont wanna go back tuesday!!
Glad to finally satisfy my pancake craving, but sad that a bunch of other ppl refused to eat any! Now they're cold and heavy as rocks. 
glad to know my family bought tons of gluten food for the birthday party, and I can't eat it. 
Gooooooood Morning! Its another beautiful day in NYC, too bad I have a lot of homework &amp; studying to do 
Goooooooooooodmorning Viena! haha ko  Oasis the day! But the rain is pouring down! 
GOP Insiders: Don't fight Sotomayor    http://bit.ly/cPWKc
gor i am soo bored, man i don't think i could get any more bored 
Gordon Brown is &quot;walking away&quot;?   http://bit.ly/HzKV5
Gorfod deffro cyn cwn caer i glywed y ferch ar radio 4, rwan  Mr clyweled - gwasanaeth cymrth crist'gol yn y capel  Dim &quot;lie in&quot; heddiw. 
Gorg day - was gonna spend it at home wiv me boys but ended up sorting Mothers 'puter an buyin her a new washing machine!!! 
Gorgeous day outside .... I've spend the entire day inside 
Gorgeous day to lie around but too much to do - off to the dump next. 
@Clostar14 haven't eaten yet 
@cloudconnected hmm. well.  I have no suggestions then. Punch him in the face?
@clouddancefest I wanted to go too but cant now  I even told Dominic Cooper I'd be going (he hoped I enjoyed it) &amp; now I cant frigging go!
@clouddancefest Very  We will all need prozac after filming is over. But THEN. We get to actually WATCH it!
@cloudgazer If I cut the grass tomorrow afternoon I shall think of you at work 
@cloudgazer Too dodgy to follow fancy. Probably best just to stick with the coffee 
@cloudinchi He should be back season 7 I think so I just gotta wait. 
@cloudo3 dude if i were you i would screenshot that tweet and make that my desktop! im full of envy right now!  lol
@cloudofaeries I'm sorry. 
@cloudofaeries Oh no, you're scaring me! Go to bed and don't fight anymore!! 
@cloudpimps d'oh! At least you're getting a decent exchange rate at the moment, sterling is still getting flogged 
@cloudsteph Why would you ever deny yourself such pleasures? 
@CLOUT  I hate you.
@CLOUT  yes.
@clover__ I work in Wilmslow but I am all over the place next week   ..... For Â£40 :p
@cloverdash Ewwww!  That's a horrible dream 
@cloverdash Here too  I'll be staying in all day tucked up under the covers, I think!
@clovertised Oh gosh. Why quit? Oh no 
@Clownshoe hell yeah. That sucksabout authority zero 
@clozapinedream A few people have said their games have crashed while playing but I wanted to play it over the holidays 
@clozapinedream YES. YES IT IS. I think it's FF. 
Gorgeous day, anyone kyaking? Maybe will throw mine in the little Magothy. Trying not to think bout it, but...228 ppl missing? 
Gorgeous summer's day today... Sadly in meetings until ~ 1400  - http://bkite.com/08ytP
Gosh , I hate  Lior!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! she destroy my cellphon - Yehezkel 
Gosh . . . exam leave is boringggg! 
gosh all of my pass are groping my mind off ! 
Gosh back to blighty from Mallorca with a rather large BANG. Really don't want to be here, much rather be sailing to Andratx for lunch 
Gosh Cudi why won't you come to Chicago 
Gosh darn it, what has happened to my Tony's? 
gosh darn you new season on intervention... photo lab at 10 in da morn 
Gosh everyones mad at me 
gosh i already miss her even though shes still here.2 weeks without one of my besties.  &lt;3
gosh i am really starting to feel like i have no life, i want to go swimming 
gosh i am so heartbroken 
Gosh I ate too much ice cream now my teeth hurt  .. I'm so fat.
gosh i hate arguing w/ the one person you care so much about.. 
Gosh I just want a snack and it's taking this lady way too long to load this machine. 
Gosh I Miss Papua..my house...my friends..the office and the magical nature !!! Want to go back 
Gosh i soo wanna watch 90210 and reaper but the episodes aren't out 
gosh i wanna have another puppy mommmmy,but still nothing can replace my Pepper 
Gosh I want sleep without barking dogs waking me up  I still feel tired
Gosh I wish there was a twitter app for my phone! No internet and only twitter by text annoys me 
gosh im bored. its early..n i wanna go..to sleeeepp why am i at work?  *kay&lt;3*
ewww i completely forgot that i had dried orange juice at the bottom of my glass then i added redbull to it and it's all floating about 
EWWW i had 2 disect frogs 2day. Bleck! I threw up it was ronchy! 
Ewww I have work now and idk when I am going to be home.... 
Ewww i just got blood all over me from one of my patients 
Ewww I just touched my eye on accident 
ewww mah chocolate is all nastyyy 
ewww such gross weather out 
EWWW The sound of two friends making out is not pleasing to my aural receptors 
Ewww work till 4:30 
ewww, i have school today. not looking foward to that. my week's not going good so far. i left my straightner at my grandparents house! 
Ewww, I think I'm a Jonas Brothers fan now 
Ewww, just found out Brazil was a trending topic for a stupid reason  #squarespace
ewww, she brings them in the house?  bad girl! Duff used to bring Mice in too. ick. these guys sometimes bring in half a bug as a gift. 
ewww, thunderstorms  luckily i had my umbrella in my bag cause i didn't wear a coat today.
Ewww. I just took about 10 drinks out of my applejuice and just noticed that there are about 3 bugs floating around in it. 
Ewww. I wish I fackin' drove.  My mama is sucha bitch!
Ewww. This McDonalds iced caramel latte I'm drinking tastes like dirt. The commercials make them look so good!! I hate coffee. . .yuckkk! 
Ewwww  just woke up and now I'm about to start tonights hw...... please someone save me??! Hehe
Ewwww drank the bottom bit of the juice with the bits 
Ewwww gloomy day 
Ewwww ICT 
ewwww watching a baby being born on tv  gross
EWWWW. Definitely, FML 
Ewwww...I have to go shopping for jeans. Quick...someone get me a bucket to puke in. 
Ewwww...the movie just started and they already showing boobies 
Ewwww...the outdoor kitty just came to the back door happy as a clam with a mouse in his mouth.  Boo.  
Ewwwwh, I have to work nine hours todayyy  PLUS, ACT classesss. This weekend better be good...
Ewwwww expired pop! Its in the 2008 olympic can.  gross! Nasty pop.
EWWWWW, I tried to kill a reddish brown cockroach... it ran under my bed 
ewwwwww im feeling sick!   now my party day is ruined! this suxs
Ewwwwww my algebra teacher just revealed his nasty 3 toed foot to us on the elmo 
ewwwwwwww i can't even speak on that right now &amp; tha lil nigga love that big beefy mufugg  @BeaTJuNKiie21
ewwwwwwwwww! tommorows monday! 
ewwwy i just bit into a bad strawberry!  pfffft pfffftpfffft ! for fear of doing it again i've had to toss them all out 
Ewwwy. Just did campus cleanup for community service. 
Ewy my parents are kicking my butt at scrabble 
Ex and her bf have split. I should be happy, but I'm not. I have a feeling we're both fucked, set to drift between lovers, never to meet 
Gosh I'm grumpy!  Picture is how I feel even though I really don't swear  http://twitpic.com/6f3vp
Gosh I'm missing jersey 
gosh i'm so hungry. 
GOSH im still back in my province  our class starts on the 22nd kac GRRRR &gt;.&lt;
Gosh Im tired! I got hit in the head today during team handball, HARD!! I have a headache!!   ugh
Gosh its hot today. The black suit was not a good idea. Humid too. Fabulous day to be out of doors - wish, wish. Tw gone from phone again 
gosh its saturday and i have nothing to do 
Gosh man, this weather! IT SUCKS! 
Gosh Mrs. McClammy! Way too early!! I missed the bus again. 
gosh my foot is going to give me a lot more trouble than I expected. Why do all footwear have top-foot sections  anyway off to pick em up.
Gosh my phone didnt ring at all today       Well this is my last tweet till after #true blood 2morrow. i'm 6hrs behind the east coast.
gosh Singapore traffic is just getting from bad to worse. Parking in plaza s is full... Great! 
gosh that sucks! darn darn darn! their goes some money! lol 
gosh this week has gone quick! school toz 
gosh which do i see..terminator 4 or night at the museum 2 
Gosh!  Fast food isn't really working to my advantage right now... All I want is a chocolate shake 
Gosh! fame makes believe to celebrities that they're more than us....that's sad 
GOSH! Forgot my password on my facebook acct....! 
Gosh! I feel stress &amp; exhausted... finals start  hella soon, FUCK 
Gosh! I hate aftershocks!! to me... the worst part of an earthquake... probably not going to sleep tonight 
gosh! Im supposed to be swimming 
Gosh! It really SUCKS when ur 'friends' w/ someone who openly disagrees w/ u &amp; goes as far as to BASH the things/people u believe in... 
Gosh! Macys doesn't have stuff for skinny people anymore; I can't even find an XS belt for my outfit. 
Gosh! This is the 3rd time I've lost my add maths formula paper! 
gosh!!! Im in on the Twitter world but I dont know how to work on this! Help! 
Gosh, darn it, it's still not working... 
gosh, deep in some Moral assignment. I can't believe we have to study Moral in COLLEGE! 
Gosh, Don't you hate those guys who are just so damn perfect but he will never go for you? ughhh 
gosh, I am trying to restore whole forum!!! unfortunately, not so successful 
Gosh, I can never imagine losing part of my family. My heart goes out to the Cook family right now 
Gosh, I hate being sick...the tissue box has been my best friend today 
gosh, i wish i can sleepover at joko's with jesse. we were jamming out on Rock Band, but then i had to leave  ahhhhh, i want my drums!!
Gosh, Im gonna miss my twitterberry, mi cel llegara hasta aqui.. 
Gosh, I'm hungry today   Just started working out again Monday, so maybe my metabolism is moving back up again.
GOSH, i'm totally fucked because today we're going to have the parents' meeting at school 
Gosh, it's turned oh so cold for a nice hot June 
gosh, this makes me sad when I see the people who are doing a hungerstrike to stop the war in sri lanka  help to stop this crazy war!!! 
Gosh, went on an epic shopping spree today...im so broke again. 
Gosh, what an awful day. my cat just died. and im crying now. ohgod 
gosh, why are my tweets today so depressing? oh well, guess thats what happens when im sick &amp;&amp; feel like crap 
gosh,i'm so lazy to study for tmrw test.no mood. 
GOSH. Freaking out. Where's Felipe?  I have to send something to Dylan &lt;O&gt;
Gosh. I have nothing to do! 
gosh. i miss toronto 
gosh. mom's gonna be gone for a week. means one thing, MORE CHORES!! 
Gosh. Today's weather is HOrriTerrible! Extreme hotness. I'm losing a lot of water weight by doing nothing.  - http://tweet.sg
Gosh. Why does 'Titanic' make me cry everytime I watch it 
Gosh.. I  have to go so badly  . Bye everyone!
Gosh.....desperate housewives is turning into a soap  -_-
Gosh...right now my life is soo boring because its summer...I miss my friends 
GOSHERZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ HALEY!.!.!.! 
Goshh I'd do anything to be in my bed at home right now. I thought today was gonna be a cool day, turns out im wrong 
Goshhh its cold 
Goshhhh, jangan skt dong pleaseee  http://myloc.me/2MV8
gossip girl marathon has ended. missing it already 
gossip girl needs to come back! Im so lonely without it 
gossip girl time in the evening- but without M. and S. 
got  in trouble at school today 
Got #VirtuaTennis2009 and am very disappointed. Gameplay is the same but the overall package lacks polish and improvement. Sad  - John.B
Got 1 question right at sports trivia tonight.  Gotta watch more sports Center. I can't go just to be eye candy for the team every week :p
Got 1.5hrs before phone rang and woke me up 
Got 12 hours of sleep and im still tired 
got 2 drink Bajigur yesterday. Now longing 4 Sekoteng... 
Got 2 go 2 a wake. 
got 2 go homework 2 do 
Got 2 job interviews this week! Loving the ocean air! Loving this move! Yay! Miss all my Ontario/ rancho/Fontana friends tho 
Got 2 pay an extra ï¿½7.50 on my travel insurance bcoz of my endo &amp; coz of my surgery  At least im covered 4 endo tho incase im bad.
got 2 practices in a row.. im pretty sad right about now 
Got 22 follow requests in 24hrs., and, well, didn't do anything special. Thankfully I got tweets about spammers - welcome to Twitter,spam 
Got 3.0 installed, although it took a complete wipe and restore. But apparently installed apps are not saved in the backup 
got 5 hours sleep at least :S need to find out whats wrong with me not being able to sleep 
Glad to see happiness with Britain's Got Talent result! Gutted Stavros Flatley didn't make it to final three though 
glad today is over...  soooo when will this cancer streak end in my family???  
Glad we didn't return Mrs. 'En to C's house .. every last one of C's hens and ducks was slaughtered by a fox last week. Dreadful tragedy 
glarghle i bit my tongue 
glastonbury music festival @jtimberlake i missed out 
Gleeful that MMS is included in the new iPhone update. Irritated that AT&amp;T hasn't activated it yet. Angry that it won't work on my phone. 
Glenn just told me my bangs remind him of *gulp* THULSA DOOM...! No! He makes fun of my old neighbourhood too.  http://twitpic.com/7q175
Glenna is bored but glad that it is a beautiful day. Macy went swimming and Kris played golf while I sat at home waiting for them 
global warming = shitty weather for the rest of our lives 
Global warming my foot. My poor garden! There is frickin' FROST up here in June! 
Global warming?...what a joke. Its june and i'm still wearing a vest! 
Globe just called me. The woman said that I can't have a free handset yet. I will have it the next few months! 
Globe's fucked up. 
Gloomy day     Time for an Anita Blake novel.   Jean Claude here I come.
Gloomy day here  I know that we need the rain, but it doesn't mean I have to like it.
gloomy day!  hmm....wot 2 do? LOL!
gloomy day...nothing to do, nobody to hang with 
gloomy today. probably just the weather. maybe... well, i wish it was... 
got 5th in freeystyle i sucked 
got 67% of the trophies for infamous, after this next playthrough, i will probs only have 1 or 2 to get...2 shards missing too 
got a 2nd hand tamron instead...tho its cheaper..the image seems less sharp and detailed..i guess i gotto live with it for now 
Got a 6 AM Yoga class in the morning.  Doubt I'll make it this week, but there's still a slight chance. 
got a 92 on the regents 
Got a 99 on the lit final, ALMOST got a car (too expensive  )and found out my sis totaled her car. Wonderful day...ish
Got a B in my skills class.  Very disappointed. Just means i need to seriously focus next quarter. Less zealotry more knife skills.
Got a baby monitor? Advice: when company is over don't ask your wife if she wants a quickie in the same room as the base station 
Got a bad back 
got a bad case of stiff neck 
Got a bad cravin for some smothered oxtails 
Got a bad electric shock today at work  Still another 4 hours to go before I can go home and get a cuddle.
Got a bad headache this morning.  
Got a Badddd Tummy ache  I just want it to go!
Got a banging headache  Me thinks i need to go asleep :L
got a belly ache man... this exam just aint looking promising 
Got a big batch of daylilies from another MG this morning in pinks and reds.  Need to get them in the ground right away. 
Got a big day ahead. Coming down with a sickness. 
Got a big slap in the face... literally 
Got a bit rained on on the way home  My new coat did a good job of keeping me dry though!
Got a bit sun burned this weekend  But enjoyed every second in the sunshine all the same!
Got a blister from my walk. If i keep up this whole exercise thing i'm gonna need new sneakers. 
got a blister from painting the fence 
got a blister on my finger 
got a blog you guys might check out its called www.jely.blogg.no and it on norwaigen 
Got a blood test later for Gladular Fever! 
Got a bloody wheel clamp yesterday - ï¿½150 for 15 mins parking 
Got a bunch of things done this morning, heading to Kid's School for my last Volunteer Lunch Mom duties. Threw my neck out, ouchy!  
Got a busy signal after it was ringing 
Got a busy wknd...house hunting...looking for a 2BHK accomodation in Noida/Delhi....its gonna be hard searching for one... 
Got a busyish summer planned, no holiday to Devon though 
Got a call earlier from @HirstyDose, probably the worst timing for Danny to give me an ear full, I yelled back at him, sorry mate.. 
got a chance to IM Maeve. she's in France! I miss her 
Got a cold 
got a cold and its realy anoying 
got a cold from netball  i could sue those old ladies for making us play in the rain
Got a cold sore  yuck.
got a cold!  Tiff xx
got a concussion today. 
Got a cough 
Got a crappy score yesterday  oh well,  Its a nice day in western New York but I too would rather be somewhere else Eric Jones
Got a day of painting 
got a digital radio, it sucks. not that good. 2day fm dont have it yet. only nova  they have it on june 10, cant wait but its5sec delayed
got a dress, two shirts and a headband today.  nothing from the farmer's market though  maybe next week it won't be so rainy
Got a feeling it's going to be a boring bank holiday H is at work  it's raining so cant go out on the bike and no films left on the hdrive
got a feeling that sunday badminton will be cancelled coz Ma wants lunch for Pa's bday tmoro.. 
got a fever but still going to BBall 
Got a fever, and this ain't the disco kind 
Got a few friends requests on TheSims3.com, i hate those emails really annoying 
Got a few things off my chest I feel a lot better! I hope she isn't mad 
got a flat in the lot where I parked for kayaking.    But a nice man pulled over to help me put on my spare and wouldn't take any payment.
EXAAAAAMS. 
ExAcademic: but I cant type &quot;immobilized&quot; 
Exact Characters! I'm bored. I'm bored. I'm bored. I'm bored. I'm bored. I'm bored. I'm bored. I'm bored. I'm so bored. Exact Characters! 
Exactly 2 weeks left in Sigma 
Exactly 3050 words! finished just before midnight. Not a bad days work. The enthusiasm never lasts, though; It's all down hill from here 
exactly how i DIDN'T want my night to go! stupid work. i still need to curl my extentions, oh and i slammed my finger in the draw.  
exactly one week till Cky concert, then afterwards nothing to look forward too.... 
Exam' :/   (Bac ')   D-Day - 2   . Arfff ' . 
EXAM AFTER EXAM AFTER EXAM I HAD 3 TODAY AND 3 DUE NEXT WEDNESDAY FOR 1 CLASS AND A 80% TO PASS TEST ON THE SAME DAY 
Exam at 2 PM  BUT leaving for Gatwick early hours... 
Exam at 2pm 
Exam block starting tomorrow. Nothing but study for two weeks 
Exam Day.....  T - 5 hours.......booooo
exam exam exam 
exam fever 
Exam in 4 hours.  Going to school in about 30 mins... ugh ;(
Exam in an hour.. Still not in mood to study  God save me
exam in economics tomorrow,, worried abt all the stuff i don know 
Exam is coming, I'm scared 
exam on monday  need to study...
Exam on the 2nd, just can't study! 
Exam on Wednesday... tired of studying. I just can't focus... 
Exam over. Barcelona tomorrow. Just finished packing... well my kind sister just did. ;) I WANT TO SEE BRUNO! 
Exam preparation !  #fb
exam results are a pending. better be here by 3.30, coz thats work time 
Exam results in... stupid maths 
glooooomy day 
gloria jeans and f.r.ie.n.d.s repeats definatly heal a broken heart 
Gloria left  im bored now.
glorious day and im stuck inside writing my dissertation and finalising my other essay gah! life sucks majorily at the moment 
Glorious day to sit out in the sun and revise. Shame I'm in work at 12. 
glorious day today. helped leanne move out. sad to see her go, I won't have my best friend round the corner anymore 
Glorious evening! Beautiful sunset! Hot air balloons in the sky!  Mattress in back of truck.  *Nikki*
glue is messy. :[  finishing this project then studying my brains out for economics test tomorrow!!!  why cant we just be done??
Glued to the copier machine today. 
glues not coming off. it is sooo irritating 
glug glug glug...that's the sad sound the bottle of expensive essential oil made when I knocked it over on the counter... 
glutened for the first time in a while, and it was a bad one 
glycerin, solbitol, propyl alcohol, poloxamer..... ingredients of a mouthwash product are killing me 
Gm all! It's my day off yay! Have to jump in the shower and run some errands. Can't tweet now.   but the SUN IS OUT!!!! 3 weeks of rain!!!
GM goes bankrupt tomorrow. I wonder how many blue states in the midwest go red in the next election 
GM going bankrupt... WTF? Who fucked up there? What does that say about the maunfacturing capacity of the United States? It sucks? 
GM is filing bankruptcy? what does this mean for my dad's job? 
GM quit   Am sad now.
GM to Sell Hummer to Chinese Firm ......  http://tinyurl.com/m9sj3r
GM Twitterville! I hate headaches 
GM up an thinkin bout him a whole week though this is ridiculous does this mean no mo &quot;us&quot; 
Got a GB Test now 
got a good fifteen minutes of kitten cuddle time in. it's potato's last night with us 
Got a good sleep but now I need to finish up my school work 
got a haircut &amp; doesn't like it 
Got a haircut, so hungry! and I need to study for a maths exam tomorrow before I can eat 
Got a headache  booo
got a headache :-\ 
got a headache at work. Another long day today 
got a headache from wearing my beanie hat for too long. 
Got a headache so bad that painkillers have had no effect - feels like somebody is knifing my eye! 
Got a headache while Britt an Mummy listenin 2 Their Danced Music  xxx &lt;3
got a headache!! 
Got a headache!!! 
got a headache, going to bed 
Got a headache. No painting today 
Got a hectic sore throat, so going to be working from home today 
Got a hole-in-one mini-putting last night! Too bad the Penguins were being murdered all the while 
got a horrible haircut... one side is longer than the other it looks so dumb 
Got a HOT date tonight...well more like bar food and drinks!!! Its gonna be a great night! I wish @modeldomino could drink 
Got a house guest from pakistan, chain smoker, can't say to him get out of the house! 
got a huge gash on my toe from the escalator 
Got a job interview but realized it's too far to travle. Will cost too much . Bums!  sad times. Anyone know of a job in north London?
Got a late start on the community bike ride, rode to the end of the rail trail, never saw any other bikers. Where is everybody?  oh well
Got a later train today after 1/2hr more in bed. so far it's a slow ride and no wifi 
got a lemon muffin instead of a caramel &amp; coffee one. Muffin ended in the trashcan. I guess it's best for my diet 
got a little burnt tanning, but only on her backside... weird, that didn't happen last time. 
Got a little excited about BrowserLab http://bit.ly/6qqME but quickly discovered it's closed to new users 
Gmail crashes once again 
gmail currently blocked through my ISP @ home. If you need to reach me, try DM through social networks, my work email, or my phone. 
Gmail is Down! I'm screwed. I need to download something before a meeting 
Gmail is down? 
Gmail: No + Spam 
GMorn @crystalchappell hope u enjoy this fantastic weather 2day. Expect Monsoons for your upcoming work week.    At least we had weekend!
GMORNIN . juss woke up but bouta take a 1/2 hr nap til 12 cus imma b maad tired @ wrk . . . (wrk 4rm 2-10] 
Gmornin -off to work again 
G'morning all.  Today I wake happy to know Mr. Handsome is home tonite, but sad to  he leaves in 10 days.  I don't think coffee will help 
G'morning everyone. Somehow I still seem to have a headache  Oh well, going to go to @giero's presentation soon 
Gmorning not a good look so far 
G'morning socialverse - playing w/ gps feature of mobile - no sats found 
G'morning socialverse - sry 4 the noise lately, but we got this nasty #zensursula censorship problem in german internet - need 2 fight 
G'morning Twitterverse. Apparently it doesnt matter what side of the country I'm on. 8 a.m is still 8 a.m. 
exam then by the time I was done the buses were leaving so I had to walk home 
Exam time...  x
Exam tip: Check the hall ticket if you applied for the paper before reaching the exam center. It will at least avoid wasting 100 bucks 
exam today 
exam tomorrow and the family are being there usual helpful selves. 
Exam tomorrow not looking forward to it  Oh well onward with revision!
exam tomorrow UUH OHHH help mee 
exam tomorrow!!! 
Exam tomorrow, SO excited ughhh 
exam week 
Exam week     Cant wait till its all over!
exam week this week ... *sad sigh* 
EXAM WEEK! :| Hectic!? 
Examen de EDI! OMG! WTF!  A cat ain't fine too 
Examen de marde en chimie 
EXAMENES :-s NOOO!!!  
exammmmsss start tomorow  scareeed
examn biology wasn't that good i think 
Exams  bad times
Exams ...... study is doing my head in 
exams almost finished. i am finished    
EXAMS ARE COMING !!! 
Exams are coming. 
Exams are DONE! Finally, totally screwed up the E-Business one though.. oh well.. 
exams are done, almost done with school! my computer is officialy deadzo, get me a new one. 
exams are killing me!!!!   
exams are lame (nnnn) psych tomorrow 
Exams are NOT good 
exams are ok, except math  Did you get your mac?
Exams are ooooover!  HOORAY!  But can't go out and celebrate courtesy of searing sunburn pain 
exams are over peace is here but now I'm bored 
Exams are over! The invigulator (sp?) was weird though 
exams are over, and i passed english! yaya  redbulls all gone  awww HAHA!
Exams are stupid, aren't they? I be studying 
exams comin up 
Exams coming on tuesday and i'm still here! I need to unwind before going back into Geography all over again, then Literature. 
g'morning, so stressed about the deadline on wednesday..guess i'm going to have to start over from scratch. to top it off i'm still sick 
G'morning. Why is it a bit chilly again? 
GMT -7 hours  not happy
gna go to work in an hour. my blog is dyinggg 
Gnight Twitterland I'll miss you 
G'Night World! Tomorrow I have school... Ugh! Where's Summer?? I need a vacations... 
G'night world. Vacations have to end some day. 
GNiGHT! @beautifuldesire !  CAll Me iN DA' AM!
Got a little laptop at a yard sale, hoping to get it working just to install OC and SAI - I really need to get back to drawing every day 
Got a little morning sickness going on  nausea
Got a little too much sun today 
got a lot done today... i think i'm going to relax a little and watch inkheart!! even though i still haven't finished reading the book 
got a lot going on  ...too much stuff in my mind
Got a lot of work to do.  *dives into accounting books*
Got a lump in my throat  to those families affected by the Air France disaster, my thoughts and prayers are with you  I am so so sorry
got a major headache 
Got a major headache today, not sure how I'm gonna get through the day, can't even think coz of the pain 
Got a manicure. It wasn't all that i thought it was. 
got a massive cramp in my leg friday, its now sunday and it still herts 
got a massive headache 
got a menengitis (don't care about spelling -.-) shot 2day.... not that bad but now my arm muscles hurt 
got a mosquito bite in the morning  I hate them!
Got a mountain of prep work to do for a week working away, don't think I can make #bcleeds09  miss you guys, have a great one
Got a mowhawk cause it was cool, not to make a statement. Stupid people have issues with it. Now keeping it makes a statement! I cant win 
Got a new blackbbery application Buzzd, pretty cool, get to learn about bars, restaurants, and events in chicago! Too bad I'm leaving 
got a new cold  grr
Got a new goal for the week, no junk food! 
Gnite all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I miss my boo Jack  &lt;3 Te amo mucho!
G'nite everyone.  One more day at work 2-10 tomorrow wish me luck  looking forward for my 3 day weekend whoot whoot
Gnite twiggas!! RIP to my chucks! *it was a sad day for my shoes* 
Gnite twitters!! I failed my mission 
gnite.. ppl.. where r u guys? 
gniteee, stupid coughing 
Gnna have to leave my bbygirl #2 behind, she runnin low 
Gnome goes crazy after suspending and resuming the notebook  everything starts crashing  #gnome
Gnomes! Lockers! Guitars! http://is.gd/18oeO Not unlike my own experiences â€¦  Went with http://is.gd/18ogp in the end, had music to write.
Gnus seems to be having trouble with replying to mail sent from outlook. I kinda need that  #emacs
Go away 'Horny Hottie' u keep leadin me into a false sense of security thinkin I hav more friends 
go away pimple! please 
Go away rain 
Go away rain  I have a bbq to go to later and you've well dampened my mood.
Go away RAIN! 
Go away wasps 
go back to work 
GO BRUNETTE HAIR COLOR! Even though now I wish I was born with blonde hair 
Exams exams and more exams 
EXAMS EXAMS EXAMS 
exams exams exams... 
exams finished woohoo! Now time for results 
Exams finished! But I got more than 1 for oral bioavailability of drug -- that sounds very wrong! ... 
Exams finishedd!! A whole summer in which i can do.......... well. .. not much really 
Exams Galore the next 2 weeks! 
exams have tired me out already..and i cant believe my whole weekend wages have gone 
exams in 14 more hours. 
Exams in a week, aaah, left my english course work in the locker! I'm screeeewed. 
Exams next week 
exams next week! 
Exams oh shit oh shit oh shit... please wish me good luck it might help? arrrrrrr worried 
exams period!!! 
exams r gay. 
Exams soon....so don't want to study 
Exams start in 10 days .. dangit I just bit my lip 
exams start today!! not looking forward to this week at all!! better go to school or i will miss my maths exam  
Exams start today... Wish me luck! Darn, how much I hate History    BTW are we still trending #BSB? Oh, well #BSB #BSB #BSB #BSB #BSB #BSB
Exams start tomorrow.. 
Exams suck. Bigtime. Sore stomach 
Exams this week 
Exams Time 
Exams today.  I officially lost my voice.
exams tomorrow  happy mothers day &lt;3333
Exams went pretty well! Except maths 
Exams went well i think. Time for some window shopping (i am broke  )
exams why are you so lame. Go away 
exams!!!!!! 
exams, exams go away come again another day 
Exams... Exams... Exams.. Wrote 2 papers of 80 marks each today. Fingers are paining.. 
exams..arghhhhh  
exams=killing the trees...sorry earth 
Examss  but school if finally done!
EXAMSS!  urghh..
examz coming.........really feeling HeLpLeSsSsSs.. 
Exceedingly stressed out right now 
Excellent evening out with for #steakTUB, but I may whinge tomorrow about @thefoxhotel. Cheap food, but shouldn't be cheap service. Sorry 
Got a new phone but now ha to go to work pretty soon 
got a new phone.. LG Versa.. Old one started going crazy.. Wish Verizon had the iphone 
got a nice $3,000 check in the mail..too bad it was one of those scam things  Someone send me that kind of check for real please!
Got a nice house warming gift of a 'friends' multi photo frame...not enough friends to fill the pic slots though! 
Got a Nokia E71 as a replacement device for a couple of weeks...  My iPhone is broke down right now 
Got a nose bleed 
got a parkin fine 
Got a parking ticket becuase my company car was parked on the steet.  Glad to know that is against the law. 
got a pedi 2day. tummy acting up but not 2 bad. feeling sad, like i used too long &amp; missed out on a lot. no kids, no health, no nothing. 
Got a phonecall early this morning just lost my cousin lastnight RIP Jerrell I love you cuz.  WTF is going on in this world!!
Got a pimple on my lip?! 
Got a punctured tire so I couldn't run my car today  but some brave CR owner is letting me use his car! Thanks again Rich!
Got a really bad headache 
Got a really really really really really Sore Throat  Not good!!
got a red light ticket tonight  After much research, I can't fight it due to the speed I was going.
got a right fecker of a headache and not a painkiller to be found 
got a royal flush! very 1st straight flush of any kind!! (&amp; managed to put opponent all in.) next hand flop: trip 10s; my JJ beaten by QQ 
Got a slap on the wrist from Twitter for allowing Phishermen into my account 
Except for when your parents don't let you eat 
Except I've been calling Andrew &quot;Adam&quot; all day. 
Except Judith Lucy  And Kelly Clarkson isn't that exciting either.
Except my school is brand new,and the kids there really messed it up, but they sadly just follow the stereotypes about ghetto kids.  i ...
except sms, almost all the other functions of ATSMS demo are working with my k530i. wonder what's wrong 
excessive sunday sleep=aching aching muscles and twisted back. 
Exchange crashed + AD Global Catalog = fun filled Weekend 
Excited ab my first weekend in Corpus Christi... Sad to see CJ and dad go home tomorrow  tried to talk them into staying.
Excited about my driving lesson in the morning (except the fact i have to wake up  )
excited about the blue Plum, hope it doesn't rain though 
Go colin ! Now we wait 
Go cubs go! @AllySpear  no fur coat pics
Go diversity! they were intense! xxx...until the summer theres no reality contests to watch  but roll on X factor! xx
Go federer! Only he can make me wake up at 6 on a sunday 
Go Go Go Mexico. i hope they win. what a shame it would be to lose to those mean ppl  they treated them like crap!!! how rude.
go home in 5 days homesick 
go home late and wake up late... 
Go Huck. go! 5:12  we lose
Go listen to dime by cake, its not that sad?  don't be sad!
Go me, woke up at 2.30pm again! So... sunday, eh. What to do? I don't feel like studying (as usual) 
Go on, all laugh it up at my expense, I'm sitting shaking trying to put my chips into a butty 
Go online @dannymcfly and @TomFelton ! I want a tweet before I sleep. 
Got a sore throat. Woke up with it, but trained anyway... not sure that was a good idea 
Got a speeding ticket this morning....Monday's are the worst.  
Got a splittin headache I feel so sick! In skool doing ICT then  maths the day has been so long cant wait to get home 
got a sty in my eye 
Got a summer cold  Tylenol, get into my belly!!
Got a sun burn from earlier. My fault for falling asleep!  I need some aloe vera *ahem @jayrawrme, lol.
Got a sun burn on saturday. Hurts like hell 
got a supeer annoying headache. 
Got a synopsis for 13 to Life by @saoirse_r from the TextNovel site - but no cover art yet. 
Got a tennis racquet but the grip was too big  I want to play now!
got a terrible caugh 
Got a test 2morrow... Sheesh! 
got a test in like 2 hours, for microbiology  
Got a ton of things to do today... UGH 
Got a torqx screwdriver bit, got into the bottom of the dishwasher and unclogged it, found~30 toothpicks + a chicken bone + floss  Ick.
Got a truck with tire issues on Monteagle I-24  not a good place for tire trouble
Got a tummy ache today.   Ate human food.
got a twitter...how do i use this thing?  oh well.
Got a very early start tomorrow so have to call it a night already. 
got a very sore head 
Got a viewing to go to tomorrow. 
got a virus on parents' laptop, not cool. I need help ASAP before I lose everything I have on this computer!!  --and get my ass kicked.
got abandoned at squires  they drove off and left me to defend for my helpless self. par contre, my smoothie was buff.
Got about 2 hours sleep. 
Got about 75% on past paper (OCR Maths Module 9) which is not enough for my A grade on UMS. 
got abused by some freaky lady on the train today. mum says i need to report it 
go snowboarding or go see a movie ?  Hmmm can't decide 
go through my WHOLE itunes to decide what to put on my ipod its a boring, grueling and difficult job but someone has to do it  HELP ME!!
Go to bed already!! I'm going to have cranky kids tomorrow! Poor sick and tired kids 
Go to class??.... Or study.... 
Go to Cortina Club before 6 for spaghetti dinner-- fundraiser for earthquake victims in Italy! People living in tents.  
Go to hell CH6, I'm going to bed! 
Go to idolforums.com and the David forum. And look at the hot topic. i don't want to spread it any more. 
go to lunchh with --people 
go to my father's house or not?!that is the question...domestic food and people around me vs my bed,my tv and my world...dont know 
Go to rest,i'm so tired! love ya @AlexaFantasy &amp; showMe_Heaven see you on Madrid! Missing my brother Nicholas too 
go to sleepy sleepy!! 2 morrow se's so i have an  wakey wakey verry early for goodnesssakey!  i hope i can sleep 2 night!
go to the bed I`m so tired 
Go to work way to early 
Go toilet twice times at ptt coz of hoiy dong 
Go wings! I'm watching in spirit as there is no tv at the olive garden. 
Goal #3 is fast approaching and we have no T-Dub on the interwebs! 
Goal failed  ohhhh no!
Got all the gear packed up for the Skelligs tomorrow although I'm convinced it'll be called off 
Got an A on the first exam of the semester, yay! Now I have to find something to do till 11am class 
got an alergic reaction to her hair dye. took a benedryl and is falling asleep at work 
got an answer from Flickr, they basically say I violated their terms of agreement and can delete people when they feel like it...great 
got an appointment to see the dentist, but not till tuesday 
Got an autograph and a picture with Brandon Heath! I think the picture came out ick 
Got an E! News update saying that Jon &amp; Kate (of the +8) filed for divorce this afternoon. So, so, so sad 
Got an email about something happening at noon today just now.  I thought it was 3 or 4 o'clock already 
Got an email from @Unitedairlines telling me I could have got my monday flight to SFO cheaper &amp; Biz class if I had booked it tomorrow 
got an essay to write now, Stoppards presentation of Septimus Hodge in Arcadia... 
got an exam 2morow  wish me luck guys!
got an exam in 3 and a half hours  tragic drama, oedipus and hamlet! going to fail miserably
Got an extreme drama performance 2morrow! totally intense! also missing private drama tutoring for it  Had a good dat 2day just flew by!
got an EZ 4miler in, shower,  then out for a ride on the Shadow. it's QUIET w/o the family 
got an f on my test   but not a bad one i can pick it up
Got an INC in thesis 
got an intense ear infection, ears have been bleeding all night could be perminant if i dont let them cure properly 
Got an invite to go to Can-Ams in New Brunswick.  Would love to do it, but can't justify the time and $$ at this point... 
Got an offer to do some consultancy.. lots of money, pitty that I cannot work for competitors... 
Got and egg on my head. Hurts 
got ANOTHER fn parking ticket. there goes my makeup money 
Got another long day of work ahead 
Got back form the movies a moment ago.I totally fucked the car up,but it should be fixed in the morning.Fuckin' rain 
Got back from a quick run, sadly no sun, 
got back from a walk on the beach. Taking a shower because a lot of sand got on me an in my hair 
Got back from Bali but didn't get a chance to fit in a round.  Oh well, next month in Hawaii.
got back from camp today  
got back from exam a little while ago... didn't go very well  might have to resit it in august, so not too happy about that   
Got back from Flogging Molly.  Holy Shit it was FUCKING awesome.  Well, apart from having to defend Kinsey all Night.  No Mosh for her. 
got back from jamaica last night and missing my popstar 
Got Back From Mah Lil Bros baseball Game We Won Last Nite Lost 2Day Ugh!! I Was Mad!Home Now Wit A Tummy Ache!! 
got back from school...man almost over 
got back from the boy's grad party  omg it's gonna be hella weird not seeing him and other people around next year :/  i miss them already
Got back from the Columbus Zoo. Had the pleasure of seeing a Rhino go #2 and smell it as well 
Goal of day: Do homework!! 
GOATS FOR SALE! Current price is -$20! We may go more negative if I happen to shoot them before somebody buys them. Ugh I hate my goats. 
gocco supplies are disappearing  
God back to work still dunno anything bout a car or home 
GOD Beyonce, you got your song suck in my head THANKS  , IF I WERE BOY~~~~~~~~
God bless all the children that were involved in the Sonora's child care tragedy, they're all in our prayers.. 
God bless the troops........damn I miss my brother 
God cannot be pleased w/our nation...once again  http://bit.ly/K51DN
GOD CRIED, AND HIS TEARS FLOODED THE WORLD   SALTY TEARS AT THAT
god dammit I want bright future!!  I like the color
God dammit Magic 
GOD DAMMIT! i'm so angry right now! i really hate my hairdresser and how he cut my hair..  
god dammit, i just broke my bong slide! 
God dammit. iPhone 3.0 shit. I waited up and now it won't be out till 9am my time 
God damn builders drilling out side my house woke me up  dont they know i hav a hangover ahhhh
God damn I'm thirsty today!! I've drunk a whole bottle of water in 10 minutes. I think I'm getting sick 
god damn it #MAC. I hate you and yet I love you lolz. Eyeliners are getting an increase...damn it. #Fluidline is the best eyeliner  arg!!
got back from the doctor... my mouth hurts sooo bad. won't stop bleeding. i think i'm gonna throw up if it doesn't stop soon 
Got back from the GYM! Miss my trainer   seriously
Got back from the hospital yesterday. I'm so sick. 
got back from the pool where i got rained on 
got back from walking to school gotta go back around one or two that heat almost gave me a stroke 
got bad sunburn  It hurts soooo much  xx
got beat 1-0  #FM07
Got Behind on Email Questions, only 4 left to answer  .... http://tinyurl.com/6x7kmr
got bit by a bugg       well... going swimming 
Got bit by sometin  dont kno what but it hurrrtttss
Got bited by some kinda bug in the pool 
Got bitten or stung by a red ant or fire ant or whatever they're called! It stung and itched all at the same time! Not very nice. 
Got bleach on my Grey Leaky shirt    http://twitpic.com/6sfvk
Got bored  watching tv
Got Brennon at the drs office. He's soooo skinny and just not wanting to eat   this sucks. I feel horrible for him!
Got bumped off the internetz again. Ugh 
got burned by he sun nooo!!! I didn't put enough sunscreen and now I'm paying for it 
Got Burnt Because I Forgot To Put On Sun Cream Woops ,, OUCH  !!
Got burnt swimming today 
got burnt today 
Got called in to the hospital 
Got carried away makin beats &amp; just remembered I have to be up in like 2 hours 
got caught in icy cold rain. Not going to toning class. Too cold to go back out 
got caught in the freaking rain.. my new shoes noooooooooo  dam got to get a new pair ..daddddy
got caught in the rain outside. now im cold bbbrrr 
Got caught in the rain waiting for a cab...in my awesome new gladiators too 
got caught today 
Got charger, she's using earfones  guess i'll have 2 use my old ones 
got chased out of the pool by the storm 
Got Chicago Cubbies tix vs. Minnesota.!!! go cubs go. off to the windy city in 2 days......one thing missing though... 
Got Club Web all set up for GSSA St. Paul last day. No Yoey though!   Currently drinking McD Iced Coffee and listening to Taylor Swift.
Got coffee, GPS says hour and 15min drive home  listening to Lady Gaga to stay awake! Wish I had the new BEP CD!
got cold in this hot weather  dimaag ka dahi ho gaya
Got colds!!! that is bad.. i skipped school so i am in the den of slack! 
Got cricket this morning. I'm so tired and I've got a bad sore throat 
got daughter back to college; miss her so much already! And i'm less than thrilled about cleaning out a bus tomorrow. 
Got daughter to school late, with odd socks and wonky ponytail. Oh dear. 
Got dayum it....my phn was going off &amp; it woke me up...NOW I CANT GO BACK 2 zzz....ooohhh nnnooo its 533am wtf up 4 the rest of the day 
Got dentist later today for a filling, 
got devoured by the mosquitoes this evening. 
got disappoint with the g'air! 
got disconnected of xbox live 1 vs 100 after having more than 30,000  at start  
got disconnected. 
Got distracted by the Topshop website 
got ditched for Saturday night plans because I left my phone on silent for an hour.  So bummed.
got ditched today..  round 2 on brown and blonde.
Got done painting a helmetâ€¦ going to do a big ass mural nextâ€¦ I feel kinda like a sellout 
got done reading the 6th book of the Morganville vampire series...which was AWESOME!!! now i have no idea what to read,dont have twilight 
got done with work.  Can I interest you in a mind boggling night, filled with wild adventures? yes please!
got down to $0 in checking over a week ago. Luckily $200 automatically transferred from savings.    This sux.
Got drenched today  ......went to go and see The Hangover, it was hilarious.....I recommend u see it!! XxxxX
Got dressed for nothing! No one wants to hang out with me today 
got drunk with the merkowitzes and started to talk a lot, and then they all left me. I feel like it was my fault 
Got drunk.  Got loud.  Got obnoxious. Pissed my friends off.  
got dumped 
got dun writing my sister a letter now im bored 
got eaten by a ant, what the hell it hurts soo much 
got eaten by mosquitos tonight. 
Got English Lit pre-release today.. doesn't look good. Haven't read through it but it looks hard, and I struggle with unit 6 anyway. Fuck 
Got enough time to get me my 8 Pack :p @SocialiteSteph Miami = 3 weeks Punta Cana = 10 weeks Ugh FML!  hurryyyyyy vaca!!!
got entirely too much sun whilst swimming...now feel like shite 
Got everything done early... almost too early, now I have nothing to do. 
Got evicted from a public street 
got exam 2mrrw and thursday also 
got exam in 5 hrs and havent studied yet  caught up in myspace design and tryna get clients
Got excited about finding a place that sells lucky charms cereal... Gutted it's Â£7.50 a blimmin box 
got excited to go to a party just now only to be let down.. boooooo!  gnight!
got fail whale. spicy tacos upset my stomach so i'm being lazy tonight 
got far ahead of day &amp; week by starting @ 05:30 - dental visit looming so that will bring me back to earth with a bump 
got far too drunk and got up far too early 
Got Fever  so tired
got four miles done this morning, garden burger for lunch... not looking forward to work 
Got freaked by late news report of woman IM training in Penticton in deadly crash. Won't ride bike on my own today. On trainer 5 hours 
Got free tix to Bali!! But I can't go... 
Got fried today at the swapmeet 
God damn it forgot to bring my black nail polish to work, ohhh man I might have to work now boooo 
God Damn it! I just ate some fish! 
God damn it! Weird rash on the back of my leg... may need to reconsider tonight's outfit... looks lile plan B 
God damn it!! It's 6:30am, just got woken by a thunder storm... It's bad an I'm scared 
god damn it...Pandora started to do full sound commercials 
God damn life can be confusing sometimes. 
god damn rain 
God damn rain, i cant skate  Oh well apple shampoo...
God damn rolled ankles 
God damn time difference, missed all of the BPD fun last night 
God damn weather.  It's 6:15, just had breakfast and have checked the forecast.  Rain, rain, rain. Back to bed 
God damn we're all quite emotional right now involving NIN.. it's probably good I let some of it out at the PA show. 
God damn what a night i had last night...Sleeping at bart Staions now people this nis sad  what a mornig didnt get no sleep
GOD DAMN YOU @MikeHadfield ! Going to Download!!!!  I can't afford to go! And i rehearsals  Dammitttt.
God damn, I seriously think I busted an ear drum. I can't hear SHIT 
god damn...these hurt ribs are seriously cramping my exercise style. 
God Damned movies. 'the happy ending is you'  Fucking movie. 
God damnit. I complain about how fat i am but i'm eating ice cream out of the carton.  this is my last hurrah!
god fucking dammit 
God fucking dammit my shoulder hurts. 
God give me the strength to get rid of the clothes I don't need... Because I keep trying them on &amp; hanging them back up 
god got so much work to do today and 3 hour rehearsal later.. got alot to do before tomorrow..! 
God has blessed us with a beautiful day! But i had to get up early so im mad about that, getting us just sucks 
God hates me 
God help me find it I amen you   
god help us all 
God help us all! How do I help her?? What do I say? I don't know if I can do this.. I have to be there for her though!! 
God I am so stupid sometimes (only sometimes) i thought sum1 used my credit card when it was stolen but turns out it was a direct debit 
Excited about the free farmer's market. Disappointed about the entry fee for maker faire. 
Excited about tonight! The Hills finale and MTV Movie Awards! Wish I could be there 
Excited and nervous about tomorrow. Also shocked at how bad the pics for my provisional licence are 
excited and sad for my last cheer comp. of the season! 
Excited by all of the E3 news for the 360! So many good games coming out... so little money 
excited for mtv movieeeee awards ! v. tired from antics last night though 
Excited for Secret Life of the American Teenager on Mon. too bad im not gonna be here 
God I feel lousy.... 
God i feel rough! I'm really croaky, sore throat, sneezy, mother of a headache. Don't wanna work 
god i get feckin nose spray for my hayfever now my eyes are icthy as fuck!!!!!!!! why does summer do this to me 
God i hate #Fox. Buggers cancelled another good show with clifhangers.  #Dollhouse was just getting intresting  Same shit with #Darkangel
God I hate Cook, yet I like him. Why was him and Panda adorable 
God i hate grocery shopping 
God i hate morningss.  Off to the track!
God I hate Romford, chav and yob capital of the world, bad times 
God i hate summer...bugbites 
God i miss my camera 
God i miss nick so much  i need him and his love badly.
god i miss sleeping in  i always stay up late getting distracted, whether or not i can sleep it off in the morning, silly me
god i miss twitter during the day... the lil chats with @ernmander and @emmaewers ...  *sigh*
god i miss twitter on nights...i need my blackberry back 
god i need a hair cut 
god i need a holiday  getting a cold and soo sooky!!
god i need a massage!! i think i need to pretend im getting one! dont look like gary will be home any time soon 
God i want SIMs 3 but have no wi-fi 
God i want some new video games!! Wish i had more money..but im broke as a joke 
god i was so close to fucking @KimberlyKane in the ass... but then my call time got pushed back 
God i was so happy before i got home, i honestly thought nothing could bring me down. Totally thought wrong. I hate it here 
god i wish i could find the usb thingy for my phone to my computer 
god i wish my parents just stayed in texas and had me there instead of moving up here to chicago 
God i'm bored!!! please HELP!! 
God I'm bored. Where are my friends when I need them? 
god im freakin bored, im at home with nothin to do 
God i'm so tired!! I should be there too and not lying here  destiny led wrongly this time aaah.!!
God I'm so tired, I haven't felt this run down in a long time 
Got frozen &amp; soaked training this morning to the point where I could hardly brake/change gear!  Weather is worse than in Jan right now 
got fucked in the mouth X.x $40 parking ticket 
Got german aural today... Not looking forward to it!!! 
got haircut and wanting it 2 b tomorrow 
Got half an hour of nothiness. Think i might put ma head on the table and have a nap cause i feel ill! 
Got hardly any sleep and missed all my errands this morning 
got headache 
Got headache  think I haven't drank alot today
got headache, fever  i can't go anywhere because i'm sick :'(
got headache.. 
Got here MAD late!!!! Missed 3 songs  show  went soooo fast but still GREAT!!
got his finger stuck between the door, but didn't start crying. Am I finally a grown-up now? ... No, it still hurts. 
got his haircut, now commencing to miss bsg 
got his lanvin shoes but they were the wrong size 
got hit by a bloody rounders ball today i better not get a lump on my cheek 
Got hit by a car yesterday....PAIN!!! 
got hit in the eye by something cycling home last night and it's now swollen and sore 
Got hit on 95 and my car is totalled   pooned for life ...seriously only fucking me
got hit on the head by a volley ball today 
got home a tick before 1am.  gotta get up at 6am to prep to drive to a wedding where i'm the wedding singer. catch?  it's in ponca city.  
Got home and found my Battery Backup (UPS) had failed. No battery power for me  Time for a new one. Need a new iPod too... 
got home and was not greeted by Bret. Hope he is okay and is just of gallivanting and has not been run over or something 
Got home at 11:30pm from Grease  So tired, but it was fun/ny. Drama performance tomorrow, rest Staurday then Grease 1130am Sunday!
God is in a womens' shape. Wish I was @thebasement in ohio 
god it pisses me off that i always enter comps &amp; never win.I am such a sore loser 
god its boring waiting for college :-/ gotta go in for two lessons with hour and a half gap inbetween aswell 
god its not fun in here today 
God June already  bloomin Christmas soon haha wen I sed that to my mum I got a few funni looks haha
God knows i don't want to leave. Dispite the horrid Oklahoma weather, this was the most awesome time I've had in a long long time. 
god must REALLY hate me tonight 
God my face hurts 
god now I wish I did twilight for my English speech 
god ok i thnk its better i dont dream ive been havn really bad dreams hope its not a sign ..... 
god please save my indo credit  i dnt wanna go to summer school
God pleaseeeee.. help me finish off my Science report at this very critical time 
god save me from pplsoft 
god stop this karaoke madness... pleeeeeeeeeease 
GOD thanks for everything im not unhappy but help me a little bit more. 
got home at 4 am, fucken tired as shit since i only got 3 hours of sleep till the baby woke up 
got home by midnight last night... currently 6:12am... why am i awake??... cause insomnia is a bitch...  ...meh... oyasuminasai #fb
got home form the beach yesterdayyy  i miss it alreadyyyy. someone needs to do something with meee.
got home from another routine day of making some white guy a little bit richer  
got home from my friends end of the school year party cried so much leaving middle school so sad 
Got home from school today with a tummy ache,  gone now but i wish it had earlier. Felt soo lazy in SPP
got home from the comic book meetup and the people 3 houses down &amp; across the street are having a party ... and we can hear their music. 
Got home from Trondheim 2night! We had so much fun  I've got a cold though 
got home from uni 2day. had no keys.jumped the fence.couldnt get in the house.had to go back 2 uni &amp; sit around for 4hrs doing nothing 
got home from work...and started...working. 
got home hoping for a nice hot bath but the boiler is dead  i have confirmed case of manflu which is worse when you add the hayfever 
got home like 30 minutes ago! mannnn that movie went 'til after 12! it was soooo scary 
Got home to find the whole side of my car smashed up! Wow. . .  what a great gift! 
got home to VT, then my mom told me my dog had to be put to sleep over a week ago. 
excited for tmrw and miss jill my bff 
Excited for tomorrow, not as excited if I have to work. 
Excited that my Eee PC 901 arrived this afternoon...sadly I must wait until after class this evening to start playing with it  
excited that my sister is spending the night at home. and a little sad because Sadie has thrown up 2 times... poor puppy 
excited the hubby will be home in 48-72hrs!!!! then 18 days with him. then he goes back to iraq til september 
Got home. Gotta clean out my closet... Man I wish I could be demi and go partaying tonight! Oh well. Oh and my bro lost.... 
Got hook on lotr: return of the king on TV, yhat leave me 4 hours to sleep 
Got hubby off to Oregon and now it's just me and Kaylee for a month. 
got in a car accident. Emilys a retard 
Got in a car wreck today   hurting SO bad from it from my neck, lower back, and right hand
got in a text message fight with her mom 
got in at 8:30 this morning from our Saturday night out.. Slept most of the day then started coming around at 6pm, then the Magic lose  
Got in trouble at woqk 
Got in trouble for going out side. So my mommy put me in my cage 
got in trouble so tonight my curfew was 12 
got in trouble, no cell phone or computer for a week...see you later twitter 
Got injured in the process at 16k mark. Wasted good lead time. Limping arounf now. 
Got insurance forms for Polo. Feel a bit  Has to be done though.
Got into A BIGG Fight With My Prom Date .... I Guess I Have No more Date For Prom ..   ! Sucks To Be Mee !!..
Got into a car accident with mommy. Stupid guy's repairs are worth more than his junky car. Our poor audi 
got into a car accident.... stupid truck broke my window and side mirror. 
Got into my office and I am the only one here from my team  an un-scheduled holiday??
Got into nyc too late to make it to @zappos tweetup.  Heading to the #140conf VIP reception after hotel.
got into summer school.. thankfully now i can get health over with!!! next summer i have to take geography 
Got into the meeting ok even tho I'd lost my ticket. Long queue in the rain. Waiting for Toynbee to speak. Running late already  #bhadhs
Got into work 40 minutes early dam 
Got into work late! that means i have to stay late!! eeerrrrhhhh! 
Got invited earlier today, Billy Joel's 60th BDay @ a Mansion in LongIsland by a lady friend who's in P.R. Not going, dont have a tux 
Got iPhone OS 3.0 but can't send MMS.  Boo Fido.
got iPhone OS 3.0.  shake to shuffle doesn't seems to work for me.... I keep  shaking but nothing change 
excited to c the girls on thursday, not lookin forward to goin back to work tonight tho afer a week off  
excited to finally see @cweisss in english again! Not excited for school though 
Excited to fly home tn! Gonna miss my bebe bebe though 
Excited to get my new white mesh riding jacket...today's ride home in a black jacket will not be cool (pun intended)...89 right now... 
Excited to see a new ep of Pushing Daisies is on tonight!  I've missed that show!  Still bummed that it was canceled.  
Excited to see the new Harry Potter and New Moon footage at the MTV Movie Awards, have to wait till Mon to watch show  wish I was in USA!
Excited to see the new light rail trains doing their test runs.  Light rail starts July 18th In the meantime, I am trying to catch a bus. 
Excited to see the new trailor for New Moon, but sad that I can already tell it doesn't go by the book well.  
Excited to work with Vinnie this week, woke up late this AM 
excited to write a bot for gtalk/AIM/Jabber. Not getting enough time 
Excited! Dad is teasing me 
got kicked out of bed this morning.... so i'm grumpy 
got laid off from my job today 
got lemon meringue pies done..no jam this weekend  but am making curried ketchup for pigs in a blanket...sundays are my experiment days
Got locked in the pressure room in Unreal Tournament 
Got lost going to New Montefiore Cemetary. Stopping at a different cemetary to visit Grandma and Uncle Frank. 
Got lots of sleep. Need to shower and get going so I can go get some coffee. My roommate took the coffee pot when she moved out 
Got ma 1st tattoo tadae took iyt like a g lol i  cant believe my best tried to scare me how mean 
got ma fne bck on the go....bin the longest day eva  lol
got mad emotional just now @ an intersection.. just saw 78 (i counted) cars following a funeral car to the cementary, gotta live life man 
Got many things to do these days. No time to come online 
Got mauled by ants in my sleep 
Got may puppy back, she is almost bald 
Got me my #Starbucks Latte Mocha. :3 It's just not as nice as the last time I got it.  Staying back with colleague till around 7ish. T_T
Got me some real nice hickory and pecan wood. Costs a fortune over here  Need to make something special to cook with it.
got more than 25 points back on a test! woot!! but my car stereo is still broke. 
Got most of the website done today. Did not get to the lawn, will have to wait until tomorrow. I miss my wife and my puppy 
God there were so many police on the max. I hate them so much and they were all standing near me 
god this hangover sucks. stupid uni work is getting in the way of me coping with it too  btw, the car is hereby named Raoul
GOD TWILIGHT STOP!!!! The MTV Movie Awards r so gonna suck if they win everything!  Slumdog Millionaire was amazing! Stop snuffin 'em!
GOD WHAT A BAD DAY! 
god why am i upset?? 
GOD why ME?????? I need another vacation      
God wish i was 18  this lokks like a nice day to be sat in park with ma m8s drinkin haha lol
GOD! I havn't been here 4 ages! But that's the life of Korean Highschool students...too bad 
God! It's been the 17th of June for over 12 hours (GMT) now.. where the heck is iPhone OS 3.0? 
GOD! The Suspese Is Killing Me  Just Voted My Last Vote To Diversity 
God!!! Its Too Damn Hot Here In Mississsippi!!! 
God, anyway for anyone whos read this far the new Mission Impossible SUCKS!
God, everyone is getting on my nerves today. 
God, french then chemistry then english 
God, I am so tired, Was up until the sun was up with me. 
god, i could really use my best friends right now 
God, i feel like getting on stickam, but no-ones on. 
god, I feel sick  I'm so nervous about the exams...
God, I hate my life....I wish you loved me, still. 
god, i hate still being at work at 5:00 on friday. 
god, i hope i havent got the damn swine flu 
God, I love exam week and being home so early. Study for chem and done! @alva_naomi I KNOW! I was there helping her find your papers! 
God, I miss him soooooo much 
God, I miss the rock, Even if it was for WWE 
GOD, I want my memory back. I need it. Please. 
God, I'll miss my bf so fuckin' much!  It's only 2 months now *snï¿½ff*
excitedly awaiting the arrival of the wii  But I've got to go back to hospital this afternoon so I might miss it! 
Excitement: 8 new followers overnight. Sadness: 6 of them are ad bots. 
Exclusive! 
Excrutiating pain 
Excuse me ms.gomez who said you could leave 
excuse me, where the fuck are my pizzas? 
excuse me. my hair is now dark red. dyed by mummy last night   -it really doesnt look that good-
excuse me? can someone please help me! ASAP! ima trying to upo\load a picture and it says its too big    what do i do?
excuse my kristy bby!! am i not a good friend? 
Exercise is not helping 
Exercise sucks. Well it was fun but I hurt  LOL heading to kroger soon. Yay?
Exercises in futility #2346: Trying to load a retrotranslated JAXB2 client into an Oracle 10g DB JVM (1.4). Pah 
exercising and then getting last minute homework done, i hate sundays 
Ex-fiancees suck..especially when they NEVER got it the first time around WHY the ring never went on my finger..fuckwad. 
exhausssted 
exhausted 
Exhausted  but time to shower, and finish reading Night World Series! On another note, 101 followers! Neat 
exhausted  buuuut ... the night is young, and so am i ;)
exhausted &amp; feel like shit ! work till 1 
Got most the way to ASDA and road closed due to am accident, driving to other now. So hungry 
Got my &quot;Reunion audition&quot; e-mail today. and I don't know how to make the *tear* emoticon. 
got my 1st guitar. trying to learn some basic chords and tabs. i don't get any of this 
Got my ass handed to me Wii bowling, by my parents, after teaching them how to play...  
Got my ass KICKED at the pool function last night... I've never been so sore!!! 
Got my braces adjusted yesterday. My mouth is killing me! Had to make a chart as to where all the rubber bands go!!!! Ouch 
Got my breath back. Not a good final leg of journey home. Strong head wind all the way and got stung on the lip by flying stinging thing 
got my Britney ticket! woot woot! Now to wait 5 months  gahhhh
Got my broken camera already.. Now I have to find a store that could fix it.. 
got my brother into geocaching and karoake. I leave tomorrow. 
Got my butt kicked in a game of Ladder Toss. Fail! 
got my car all fixed up aand what do you know - she's gone  dumb dumb dumb me!!! haha
got my car back from the panelbeater for the bump and scratches on the side, but it smells funny now    urrgghhh
got my cervical cancer jab today, ow 
got my college interview at 9am cba its tipping down with rain!  anyone wanna go for me? xx
Got my dad to pick me up from ATEC because my BFF wasn't here 
Exhausted after long day! didnt get home til after 9:30 so I missed Lie to Me tonight 
Exhausted and i can't sleep 
Exhausted and I don't like it   I want a vacation please.
Exhausted and really don't want to go to work this afternoon...... 
exhausted and sick 
Exhausted and WIRED.  #fb
Exhausted from a night at 3 Guys watchin the Pens game   Going to bed now.....
exhausted gotta get more sleep tonight or I'll be useless at the party 
exhausted insomniac.  tomorrow = new phone order, sueing hmv, baby clinic, cleaning, writing. LOTS.
Exhausted only wish I could say I could have early night got lots to do when we get home work tomorrow 
Exhausted, dead, and exhausted.  Please, someone, make it all better.  
Exhausted. 
Exhausted.  I smell sweet potatoes...
Exhausted. Back in Blandford. It's been an insane week. Sorry to those who wanted to meet both in Bath and Glasgow. Just didn't happen 
Exhausted. in need of sleep. 
Exhausted. Just got home from Plaza Indo. Boyfriend @ friends' house busy playing poker at the same time ignoring me 
Exhausted. Running errands on a sprained ankle is tiring. And not to mention I got very little sleep 
exhausted. Took mostly everything out of my room, unscrewed all the lights, taped off outlets, started painting access. real fun tomorrow 
exhausted. was gonna stop by nyes to say hello to @abbiewestra and @erikwestra but have to go tear down a wedding . boooooo 
exhausted. zombie jess. can't wait for bed, but must do an order first!! 
GOD, I'm jjdrunk right noww, and I have to be up in 4 hours for work... 
god, it's just so much shit at the end of this movie. (i don't mean the quality.) 
God, just beeing here is like.. i dont know, so much better to my mental health. fucking flatmate. 
God, just see how good we are at alienating our own people. 
God, my house is so busy and I've got some guy putting new doors on, I can't revise  tooo noisy!
God, my nerves!!!! what a game! #Celtics won 95-94 in last minute... Green Pride YAY!! a pity #Ducks didn't win... 
God, not looking forward to my six day week.....Weekends already over 
god, only sir mix a lot would be happy about the current state of my butt 
God, please help me get through this. your the only one that can fix this. 
God, please. 
God, what should i do? give me clue to make it better 
God, why am I so dumb  I can't believe how stupid I am! Agh!
God, would you mind helping me with my exams please ?  I need your help with History !!!
God,please .. be with Tiffaney .. 
god. hanhovers suck 
God. Help. Me.  Last night was RIDIC!!!! Haha my head and belly hurt. I think I sprained my elbow  http://myloc.me/4Qzj
god. i just cant believe someone would do tht 2 me. after all those chances, 2 turn around nd do the one thing....   
God. My g1 battery again. Somethings got to give in this bittersweet relationship. Maybe I should a got an iphone. *sigh* 
God. My phone delayed sending of my sms tweets, then sent them out of order 
God; please help me. 
godaddy sucks: their blogcast can only switch on/off &quot;Moderate all trackbacks&quot; but switching off all trackbacks not possible. 
Godam father's day...can't think of anything  #fathersday #fb
Godam head, why do you have to ache  #oww #fb
Goddamit. I've been eating cherries and they stained my hands. It looks like I dipped my hands in peroxide or something 
goddammit I fail at life 
goddammit, had I known I was leaving fucking Friday, I would've stayed at my dad's. He would let me spend the night at someone's house 
goddammit, my laptop broke, i can't close it. 
Goddammit. Giant spider behind the tv. But I'm wayyyy to pussy to get it 
Goddammit. Have I not been out at the shops for so long? Sushi Tei is no longer at Paragon. 
Goddammit. I really want to see that 
Goddamn bloody stress and shit sending my body haywire 
Goddamn this clogged and swollen pore on my buttock. 
Goddamn you Cell Therapeutics. Fuckers closed at 1.31/share. I bought it at 1.56. 
Got my daughter's 5th b-day party planned. Now I hope we have people attend. So far, only one RSVP and it was a no. 
got my ear pierced last weekend and took it out already because my ear blew up the size of a blimp and i'm in pain. 
Got my ear tattooed. Kickin it with @Areej807 eating din din and wishing I had gas money.  
got my early fix of the ghostbusters game. time to get ready for work 
Got my email inbox down to 0 again... yea! Now there is only that todo list. 
got my fabric - Yay! didn't get my U bar - Booo!  girls coming round - Yay! ;). Also had a lovely (although unexpected) day with daddy x
got my first exam tomorrow, and i have 2 essays to write. no bank hoilday for me 
got my first speeding ticket EVER...and not happy about it 
got my fone takin away again darn it this isnt fun  and i miss NICK!!!!!!!! my hot redneck lol
Got my food handler's license! But still no job... 
Got my free KFC Grilled Chicken coupons in the mail today &amp; thought I had dinner covered.  Then I realized I can't use them until Friday. 
Got my hair cut this mornin and i'm not quite sure what to make of it, maybe it will grow on me... i hope 
Got my happy little fix last night! Thank God!!! Now off to school! 
exhausted.....felt like I did a lot today, yet don't feel like I accomplished much 
exhausted...last day in AZ  getting ready to go for coffee!
Exhaustedd  x
exit 108....so far away still 
expect d unexpected,.a versatile singer/contestant didnt won d title,.to bad so sad 
Expect the Unexpected - Change of Plans 
Expect to see higher crude oil prices today as the US dollar weakens...should test $72/bbl.  Higher gas prices are here to stay 
Expect wind &amp; hail says CNN. But I expected sunshine &amp; Skittles 
Expecting another good few days of moving furniture around  sob.
Expecting bad weather tonight 
expecting my MBP back this morning, AppleCare had it less than 24 hrs, I'm not real confident that it is fixed this time either 
Experiencing e-mail difficulties 
experiencing empty nest syndrome 
Experiencing massive fail right now, wish I'd planned this weekend so much better 
Expired milk   puke
expired warranty. im going to or sleep now. way to early or late. 430am and im just now going to bed. woooowwwwwwwwwww 
Got my inbox to 0 ! GTD style. Now to the task list 
got my ipod in for the 1 1/2 hr left of my work day! YaY! Its George Strait right now! Damn I ddnt jump on getting tix for his concert 
Got my iPod working again!  After a dunk in some water 
Got my keys..........I am now a property owner whooo hooo now to furnish it oh the joys 
Got my Laker colors on &amp; ready for the a.m. news w/ Jean &amp; Lisa at 6am. Someone said I looked like an easter egg.    Whatever!
got my laptop back.  going through, and seeing what I lost, when my hard drive went tits up.    Hate that!
Got my laptop back...now the wireless in my house wont work 
got my license plate today: the letters are BRG.. I got excited (&amp; dyslexic) for a sec and thought it was RGB. Could've been component 
Got my maths exam in less than an hour. 
Got my new bed ordered!!!! Well its not like I'm going to sleep much in it 
got my new guitar but now I'm at work and I didn't even get to play it yet  butttt its all good I'm chillin with the doggiessss!
Got my new iPhone today. It's not such a big jump from the 3G. The compass doesn't even work  Good for the Colombian jungles 
Got my new keyboard and the y,u,i,o and win keys doesn't work  what a bummer 
Got my new phone - now to program everything since my old one had no memory card like this one 
got my new plugs, but the labret is the wrong size 
got my Nylon guys mag in the mail today. Im disappointed 
goddamn..i am ashamed to admit that i popped FIVE acrylics on the hood of a truck belonging to a boy i liked..thebn chased it in reverse 
goddamned responsibility! it seems i always miss the epic skypeness 
Goddamnit I love UFC...and WEC...and all of the rest. Urijah is amazing. &lt;3 (...so is Cam but he never fights.  )
Goddamnit! Flirted with an &quot;a&quot; ticket holder for a window seat and turns out he was on a different flight! Grrr I'm sitting in the center 
Goddamnit! If we live in an age of constant communication why can't anyone return a text 
Goddamnit. I have to go to school in a few hours. 
goddang. Everything is going crazy in Iran. Why do these things happen in far away places? 
GoddDammmmmit white ppl gestivals pwn asian 
godddd i ate  WAY too much in the last 24 hours. Going to work a 7 hour shift  Running tomorrow is a MUST!
Goddddd please gimme a little happiness for today. 
goddom, chest pain D= short. of. breath. kinda hard to breathe 
Gods my gag reflex has been sensitive lately. Brush my teeth and get all of the last 1.5 meals coming up. 
godspeed...my lonely angel 
Godver:  http://twitpic.com/5or0s  Play	him off, Keyboard Cat.  http://bit.ly/15cPmm
goes to Cimory! yaampuuunn ni bdn knp anget mulu c.. kpn smbuhny 
goign 2 scholl baghhh !!! -_- im tires woke up early.. fell asleep sick 
goignt o the hospital to check up on my throat, it's really sore 
Goiing to my work!!! I want to sleep a litter bit moreee!! 
goin 2 bed  c ya 2morrow
Goin 2 bed got my last 2 finals 2morrow somebody pray 4 me I NEED HELP! 
goin 2 bed nw,not felt so tired in aggggess.I feel I can barely type this tweet,I am so weak  goodnight all
Got my painting clothes on! Ready to finish that spring cleaning ... though I doubt the children are. No camping spaces left anywhere. 
Got my paper done... Hope I do good on it... i don't like accounting 
got my phone taken away.  I miss him already.
Got my phone takennn, i miss jimmie.  so much
got my purse stolen from my car last night  Totally ruined the fun I had @ the party!!!!
Got my race package and bike is checked in.In Penticton at Wheatgrass Cafe.Yummy vegan falafel burger.Club swim at 3.oh yeah, still sick 
Got my report card back- I was at 88 for my average and i went down to 82  now I have to kick it up a notch!!!
Got my results. I need bnj cookie dough now.  - http://tweet.sg
Got my school awards ceremony tonight and the procedure sounds awfully complicated. It's the last time I'll be in school properly though 
Got my tickets for Year One. I have a bad feeling that it's $20 I will deeply regret spending 
got my toncils out  sniffle.......casey i neeeeed to talk to u asap call my house i broked my other new phone 
Got my tooth pulled finally virtually painless when it happened but now OH MY FRACKIN GOD!! 
Got my wisdom teeth pulled outttt.   ouchh.
Got my wisdom tooth extracted!! In sheer pain. 
explanation to previous tweet http://bit.ly/1164l8   btw I don't know how to do tinyurl 
exploded. 
exploring new things with twitter and getting ready to go back to work  
Ex's house broken into...they can't find my cat. Am very worried. 
Ex-SMAP's Kusanagi apologizing on TV right now. If I just could find a stream...  #SMAP #Johnny's #Kusanagi #nudism #Japan
extemely tired. i can' believe dance is almost over ! 
extra burrrrnt from the wavepool  chillin for the rest of the night ..call/text me
Extra depressed  I wish Id have done anything to go to wembley :'(
Extra hours = more money = less time. 
Extra nap felt so good. Now time for work 
extra slow day today, I'll blame it on no LIVE 
Extra stuffy in the office today   Large fan needed on the desk I think
Extra super late to this NCSC conference  it's the free day for teachers b4 the actual thing starts tomorrow. I couldn't get out of bed.
ExtraÃ±o mis bookmark's 
extraï¿½o el shutter button... 
extreme makeover makes me cry  I can never complain bout ne thing EVER
Extremely awake but I'm really bored. 
extremely bad rug burn on my knee from falling at the movies. i cant bend my leg  but ooh man you should have seen me fall! fckn hilarious
extremely bored, have done nothing all day,  hopefully tomorrow will be better 
goin 2 bed wit louboutin on my mind.... @JennBMedia 
goin' 2 church n it jst rained hard....surfed d net...misses piglet... 
Goin 2 class, gonna be late. Ugh. 
goin 2 skool soon yay not!! 
goin 2 skool.........really dont want 2 
goin 2 the lake wish he was comin wit me 
Goin 2 the vet....  to take the dog....R.I.P NONO
Goin back to prairieville 
goin back to school! yay!  that's really where i wanna be on summer vacation!
Goin back to work 
goin crazy 
goin down to take care bout ma grandpa ... 
Goin for a run to give my mind some rest...tired of this confusion n feelings that arent sposed to b there 
goin for the photo shoot to MA  y do i feel im gonna be mega disappointed after that, again n again n again...
goin home finally, twitter will be down for an hour @ 8pm tonight  hahaha
Goin home to finish cleaning!! 
Goin home. Phones dieng didn't tlk to my babe 
Goin on the log ride. Doesnt want this day to end. To bad it has too 
goin out for lunch, hopefully sooon cos i;ve not eaten yet n am starvin. big bro can fuck off. i forgot it wa fathers day  sad times.
got my yearbook today. they didnt put choir or peerhelpers in 
Got nagged by the mother on my way back just now. Boooo  Sorry mummy.
got new cell phone and dont know how to use it 
Got new clothes from Forever 21 online, but for some reason their size medium is like a tent on me. 
Got New EEE1000He, seems there is problem  with mouse pad!!!!! 
Got new iPhone cover and new screen protection but it has a bubble in it 
Got new paramore poster &amp; stuff. They didnt have the mcfly one thats on the hmv website  going to dads now 
Got new phone!  Have to wait until I'm back in SD to get it fully functional.    Cubs game today!
Got new shoes! But they kind of hurt my feet right now  #fb
got new specks which no one likes! 
Got new Wireless Desktop 3000. It comes with a high def laser mouse. Feels great. Wish it had higher range though 
Got no GHWT  Had to chase &amp; catch ducklings. So cute! Long story...crazy night!
Got no idea what to do to kill the time. Meeting @1? Nanggung gila.. I wanna go home 
got no money for tonight! 
Got no one as yet to watch Wolverine with... Everyone s either pre-occupied or not interested..  Guess i'll have to watch it myself..
Got no sleep. My son was up sick all night  Now I need to get ready for work!
Got no time today to call anyone!  Anyway i fail 3 out of 5 sections for ippt! How cui is this! Damn!
Got No Txtz,, Itz Cold,, Home Alone And Nothing To Do !!!   
got nothing to do today! hate having nothing to do on a saturday 
got nothing to do, bored 
got nothing to do. i'm so boring at home  mmm i guess watch terminator will be more fun!
Extremely busy weekend. So much work to do.  Can't wait for Summer!!
EXTREMELY depressed about Jon and Kate 
extremely exhausted with all of these things  F**K laaah !
extremely hot and long day... 
Extremely late 4 a retirement brunch  off to destination #2  http://mypict.me/26uY
Extremely rough night. 
Extremely sad!   Our thoughts and prayers to ALL the Families!  God Bless You!
extremely tired today! passed out EARLY yest  someone save me!!! lol... Morning Twitts!!
extremely unhappy that she has caught a cold 
Extremly mad my cable modem broke got no internet!! I have no life for the next few hrs till I get it exchanged 
Eye allergies means it's an early night for me.  Got lots more ideas, so I'll have a fresh start tomorrow anyway.
eye doctor visit this saturday - working in front of a pc all day is blinding me 
Eye exam!! My eyes are too small got contacts  looks like I'm blind for snow again lol
Eye green traffic 
eye is fuzzy and can't find a way to get my lunch in my bag  is it bedtime yet?
Eye of the tiger stuck in my head 
eyeeeeees hurt already 
eyeing at the Leica showcase... i want i want i want 
Eyelash in my eye 
eyes all swollen up,nose running not a pretty sight jus back from the doc got really bad hayfever , oh huw i hate pollen xx 
eyes and throat are itchingggg 
eyes are closing on me  I got sunburnt today - nose looks like a lobster  Time to pass out
eyes are dry and sore from tears 
Eyes are sore from angle grinding dust, and I've got an itchy mosquito bite. Grr I hate those things and want to kill them all!! 
Eyes are still yucky.....now my lids are flaking 
eye's are stinging from sweat still. STILL. 
Got nothing today  all items really not in my budget.
got off early tonight. Yay! Now all I wanna do is go swimming....I guess that'll be for Monday. 
Got off Mantis standing ride. Was ok. Acted like a limp doll on it, mouth agape. No pics, tho  #OHIOis4thrillaz
GOT OFF WORK AT 9PM BEEN THERE SINCE 10 ARE YOU KINDING ME I AM GOING TO HAVE NO LIFE ANYMORE 
Got off work early. 
Got off wOrk my baby was gone 
Got off work, now im gonna go babysit phew 
Got Off workk  This Is jUzt Bleak!!!  Home alone 
got offered my dream job today that combines baseball, beaches and traveling - but finding it hard to just pack up and leave someone 
Got on the wrong bus. FML. It's good I got to campus early today - time to walk across campus. 
got one great review today and one not-so-good one that mainly dissed the editing--not the first time for that 
Got one of those eye-strain headaches  maybe i need some caffeine
Got only 4 hours of sleep  Off to Pomona!
Got our new furniture today....SO much work! but I'm so proud of it! Man i'm pooped...and i still gotta work out! 
Got out of bed at 4AM today.  What is wrong with me? Oh yeah, I'm unemployed! 
Got out of going to Fort Wayne, but I feel like crap 
got out of work early to go to the dentist i cant take this pain anymore 
got outbid on his 5500 Legos for Habitat 
got overruled by birthday girl. going to ihop.   really wanted a belgian waffle from silver diner.
got paid fuck all and wants to kill the lostprophets. Peace out world, i'll see you in the next life 
got paid nowhere near as much as she thought she would 
got paid today... it's all going on bills and IOU's 
Got people don't let me skip sci pratical becos skola is impt and cannot waste my parents money.  Nt fair.
Got physics exam tomorrow.... Its going to be probably the last physics exam of my life... 
Got pics w Robo and Jimmy Marsh after the show and bought Jimmy's CD. Donnie was in the high limit gaming area, but no pics in casino 
Goin see dane cook tonight!! I'm soooo excited! But sad becca's not coming! 
Goin tew lock up for five days tomarrow morning i love you Ambrosia. 
goin threw sum major friend issues ryt now, not lookin so gd atm i defo need a drink, the strong kind 
Goin through X360 withdrawal...I just put her in the box to be fixed 
goin to a baby shower on 4 hours of sleep and the gift isn't 100% complete 
Goin to a bbq , but it wont b mch of one with this rain 
goin to bbq today ... typical rain forecast lol 
goin to bed , sorry. 
goin to bed @ 11:30 on the weekend...imagine that...feelin like a party pooper cause I ain't stay out w/ the crew but i'm sleeeeeeeepy 
goin to bed early. i think im gettin sick 
goin to bed nite nite...  ugggghh u hate work 
goin to bed now, i 'accidently' got too burnt yesterday 
goin to bed now...........have skul in de morning 
Goin to bed sad... 
Goin to bed so i don't have to think anymore  so tired of not knowin what im supposed to do with my life and who i'm supposed to be with
goin to bed! sonogram in the morning to fin out wats wrong wit her legs and why the r 3weeks bhind and rnt devloping right 
goin to bed, dont feel too good right now  'night world! &lt;3
goin to bed. CST on math tomorrow 
goin to bed. gotta take mom to drs appointment tmrw. Arg which means i gotta dogsit. 
Goin to bed. I should've been 2 hrs ago, but I got into an argument w/ some dumb girl who called me a stalker just cause I like Chris. 
goin to bed...monday came sooo soon  ready for summer already!! 25 school days till summer....
eyes closing. i don't want to sleep. actually, i don't want to wake up to a very boring, busy, uni-related day tomorrow 
Eyes hurt like hell 
eyes sting today 
eyes sting.  i need more effin sleeep ! demmit.
Eyes wide open... C'mon, why can't I fall asleep 
eyes won't shut! help me! 
f the sketchy bitch who stole my phone at prom last night 
F to the Y to the I: I'm now home, but my stupid phone is still @ the office, so don't bother calling or texting me tonight. 
F U prop 8, I look constipated in my grad photos, and I couldn't hold any poses in yoga tonight.... 
F you Lee  @aigray
F#Ck school tmrw!!!  I hope I don't fall asleep during the hangover..
F#cking muskitos! I feel soo sorry for myself.. 
F******KKKKK!!! I WENT ALL THE WAY 2 THE TATTOO PLACE &amp; IT WAS CLOSED!! 
F***in boss bitch and sheva dunt help u at all the cow 
F**K! drop by 1  101. mybloglog.com
F**K! drop by 1  28. topseos.com
F**K! drop by 1  34. renantech.com
F**K! drop by 1  73. blogtopsites.com
F**K! drop by 1  93. ontoplist.com
f**k, itÂ´s raining again...where is the summer?? 
F**k.. We lost again.. A tournament to forget for India.. 
F*ck it 
F*ck Time Warner Cable!!! You f*cking suck balls!!! I have a $700 HD tv &amp; my damn HD channels hardly ever come in. Bullshit!!
F*CK tried my reverb today it doesn't work 
f*ck u!!! i want 2 follow my followers!!!  *angryy*
f*cking Nike has removed my training programme  !!#:@!sddfijfhzdrijfwedfergftzhvtrgf :'(
F*cking up some computer. I am in some negative spiral at the moment 
F..k my AH eredivisie live subscription has expired on this day when Ajax plays against PSV 
F.ckkkk.I forgot I definitely wanted to watch the game tonight.Ima miss it. 
F.E.A.R 2 Out of order*  //J
Got played again...stupidy stupidy stupid!! why did I think he would ever changed 
got pretty burnt today.  but it's all good. gonna turn into a nice tan. wings at 6.
got pretty for nothin - he didnt show 
Got problems with my stomach while reading twitter article in times magazin 
Got pulled all over the place by the dogs today  not very fun....
got pushed it the pool.... it was so cold 
got rained on 
Got rained out 
Got rained out of my senior shoot. 
Got ready, drove to the gym and it's closed.   They're on summer hours.  I don't know if I want to go out walking, though.  Blerg.
Got real problems with xhtml/css positioning  Can't figure out how to put 3 blocks (divs) in one row  Nothing works this morning 
got really bad heartburn while at the bar before and now my stomach is hurting me- ithink the fruit juice did it 
got REALLY bad sunburn all over my back 
got really mad and did mad thing 
Got really paranoid there were bugs in bed. Stripped bed, put on new sheets at 4 AM. Changed clothes too.  Sigh, paranoia.
got rear ended and now my head hurts 
Got rear ended at a stoplight today.  My poor car 
got rid of the aphids, but harmed the plants in the process 
got robbed on holiday lost itouch and ds 
got roof quote Â£1,500 gone just like that tomorrow, bloody scottish rain  washing my money away too.........................
got rugby training tonight, its gona be hard    i hate fitness work
got sad last night, I hate that 
got scared by all the yelling at the footy 
Got scareded by the little spider 
Got school in the mornin then laundry n a dentist appointment  hopefully my sunburn turns into a tan soon 
Got school tomorrow  got crap lessons 
Got severe head ache 
got shopping to do  then lunch with friends
got shore throat ! menyiksaaaa 
got sickkenning  cold, flu, cold.  how did i get this in one day? rest is in order
got sims 3 its great except my computer needs more ram  no more playing for a few day
goin to breakfast with some coworkers . Then to my friends dads funeral 
goin to class. then home to the hud office then to my grams. &lt;3. i miss my kitters  but ill see him later!
Goin to court w/ my brother and mom...... 
goin to fix dryer hose at townhouse, no renters yet   
goin to georgia this weekend, my uncle passed away    r.i.p. uncle dave
goin to get my oil changed  YEAH 
Goin to get my teeth whitened. Then rehearsal, then show. Sooo tired from yest. 
Goin to Kent Island wont be back for a minute by twitters cuz i aint got no internet on mi phone no more 
Goin to lay down... My head hurts 
Goin To My Camp Rock yeyyy ;) I wish i could meet @ddlovato 
Goin to my moms cemetary later for a picnic with the family...hope it dont rain again grrr 
goin to OS to chill. then workkkin  mad lame. gotta read this silly book for the quiz tomorow as wellsies
Goin to see lisa lapaneli and got a free ticket...but not sure i can go 
Goin to sleep way too late the time is 4.15 n iv gta b up at 8.30 bad times 
goin to sleep, history exam tmmr 
got skool foto's bak today, there so shit lol 
got so burn't today, i may look like a cherry tomato. 
got so caught up looking at news/videos from E3 that I've neglected putting away the food I bought  
got so many exams ahead. pphhiiuuuh! 
Got so much done today!! Time for some relaxation.. Back on the grind tomorrow 
got so much work to do but im jus sooo lazy to start on it. and to make things worse its not even end of the month and im broke 
got soccer training in like 20 mins but my back is sore 
Got some bad news about my Dad this morning. This year is just getting worse and worse 
Got some beefy new horns for my car but they didn't work when I fitted em  Back to the road runner for me
Got some books for Joey Mac's foundation. Check that off the list. Bubbles has escaped from her ball again. 
Got some chance to tweet around...my comp still down...  What up peepz?
Got some good Bible reading done this morning! And pray for me today 2 annoying finals! 
got some ironing , vaccuuming and dusting to do ugh  then gonna finish the xmas stocking I've been knitting, hopefully ;)
got some kind of man cold. feeling very sorry for myself 
Goin to take a nap... dont feel good 
goin to the doctors today...checkin for an ear infection 
goin' to the gym..checkin' up on these jobs..hoopin' it..then school tonight 
goin to the library .. trah is such a DORK  lolol!
Goin to the orthodontist 
Goin to the second day of VBS! And I lost my make up.... not coolio 
Goin to tweet off eyes all swollen and itchy 
Goin to twerk  don't feel good tho
Goin to visit mommom n poppop...my poppop has to get surgery 
goin to visit my pops in the hospital 
Goin to wloo w my dad work 2mar 2-7 
goin to work  is it friday yet!?
goin to work off @ 5 
Goin to work.... 
Goin with Liz to get her first tattoo! Wish I had more cash to get another  
Going 2 bed drank too much juice got a belly ache  goodnight!
Going 2 bed.  but I am soo tired. I am a huge night owl and somtimes have a problem with that.  oh well good nite fellow twitterers!!!!
Going 2 go fold some more clothes.Fun. 
Going 2 my friends house and taking it easy  I wanna party 
Going 2 the hospital soon.  pretty sacred n don't know that to do with boo
Going 2 the lightcity of The Netherlands, we have 2 drive more than 1.5 hours  (jamie lidell comming out the speakers!!)
Going 2 try 2 get some sleep. It's doubtful I will b/c I have so much weighing on my mind. 
Going across the country is so overrated. I hope none of these people have swine flu 
Going away for half a week, I won't get to see her for teh whole time, she dun know I miss her more than anything 
going away now... leg is hurting 
going back home 
Going back home in 1 hour. I miss my tv series 
Going back home in Cali.... Goodbye Hawaii!!! 
going back home tomorrow. will be passing through the T.O. too bad i can't stay to watch the much music video awards in person! 
going back home. I don't want to. 
Going back to bed till 8pm. No idea why the wife chooses night shifts to be plain horrible. Should of stayed in the pit today 
Going back to bed, but only for an hour! 
F.U.C.K!!! i've written a realy long text at svz and when i pushed send i was sundely outlooked! everthing for nothing! it was so much... 
f1 didn't go so well for the finns  but tonight im watching hockey, russia vs canada, happy face for that!
F1 is becoming predictable again. 
F1 is slowly becoming A1 now, no fun remains if Ferrari and maclaren both are out of it 
F1 is splitting?  I can barely follow it much less 2 series   http://twurl.nl/bo13kq
F1 teams set to breakaway from the championship and launch a new series next year   http://www.autosport.com/news/report.php/id/76292
F1,Derby day(Epsom),Blake on tv-polo-not sure time,Beethoven...will try get on for an hour at 6pm(Weather depending).the sky looks angry 
F1,Derby day(Epspm),Blake on tv-polo-not sure time,Beethoven...will try get on for an hour at 6pm(Weather depending).the sky looks angry 
faaaaaakkkk i hat it how alot of my music blogs/sites are pushing alot of dubstep. and not putting asmuch indie as theynormally do  ...
faaack I need a new charger 
faaark most boring sunday night of a public holiday ever 
Faacck! My car is getting rust spots 
Fabby weekend. Lost money and locked out my house on friday afterthe club and out for a drink in the freezing cold yesterday  haa.
Fable 2 ending wasn't what I thought, and the auto-save means I can't see the other choices. 
Fable issue #9 while awesome is a poor substitution for Batman issue written by his majesty Msr. Gaiman 
Fabric last night made me feel my age  Checking out Deep House and Things Tonight, Tomorrow - Fish Go Deep. G'wan she said!
Fabric shopping went ok I left my cash flow n the car 
FabShe is not feeling too well outta no where! 
Going back to Duquesne   four more days 
going back to edinburgh today 
Going back to GA  Thank you for the great time at the bbq last night! I'm going to miss you kids.
going back to houston today! bye bye florida! 
going back to kuching soon... maybe 4th or 5th june 
Going back to LA today 
Going back to LA! Too bad we'll miss the Laker game. Times like this I wish Chick Hearn was still on the radio. 
Going back to Manchester later today  can't wait for college to be over.  No more early nights and waking up at 7 o'clock 
Going back to Manila this evening. All my trips to Cebu are so bitin. 
going back to my beloved state of cali this weekend, and im sick as a dog... 
Going back to Ohio tomorrow, but still have to finish 2 more finals today 
going back to Portland soon..goodbye Liverpool   but first...FRANCE! DUN DUN DUN.
going back to school in few minutes  this afternoon have to go to dentist ((     I don't want to -.-
going back to school tonight 
going back to sg soon 
Going back to Sheffield today. Gonna miss family time but really need to get my study head on ready for exams  #fb
Going back to sleep I have the summer cold. 
Going back to sleep. I want it to be the year 2011 right NOW so that I can go live near civilization like (almost) everyone else. 
Going back to sleep.. rambling to self is boring.. 
Going back to sleep......headache dot com 
going back to sleepy sleepy. I hurt 
going back to sorting the house out  xx
going back to Spain today 
going back to the army 
going back to the base... that means no more episodes of &quot;weeds&quot; for this week 
Going back to the Expo tomorrow! Last day   Came back home to see a new NSFW post by Mizb http://bisexualbloggerbabes.com/ whoo hooo!
Going back to The Players Championship for a couple hrs this morning. Flying home to NYC tonight. 
Going back to work from break  at least i dont work tomorrow.
Going back to work today  kinda bittersweet...like the first day of school LOL
going back to work tomorrow.. 
Going back to work, do another 4 hours 
going back to work... 
going backk home tomorrow. 
face books applications are not meant for indians... 
face hurts 
Face is still super itchy and pained  Stupid medicine allergies.
face some issue on office today morning  .The day starts very bad  
Face time was TOO short! 
facebook and pfc are being lameeee. 
Facebook and Twitter Xbox apps look cool, but can you build your own? XNA doesn't provide network access outside of XBL 
Facebook Bejeweled has me befuddled.  It has to be skill involved as the same people in my friends list score high each time.  Not me! 
facebook chat, come back to me 
Facebook decided I'm annoying or abusive because I add lots of friends. At least I have no distractions from coursework now... 
facebook feed Shirley Gilbert Back from Wembley and gutted  But on the plus side I did see Dermot.. http://tinyurl.com/c9ppjj
Facebook giving me problems tonight.  I can't upload pics from the service tonight!
Facebook hates me. 
facebook is acting weird. I still have all my friends updates, but when I got to check &quot;all friends&quot; it says I don't have any. 
facebook is being so sloooow lately... 
facebook is blocked here at the hospital, probably because of me! whoops  i'll try to post more pics as the week progresses
facebook is broke on me, i feel so unbelievably sick, why do my friday nights always get rewiind! 
Facebook is getting boring and more boring for me, SIAN. 
facebook is hating my video! 
Facebook is now available on mobile. But for India, the only carrier is Tata Indicom... 
Facebook is rather SLOOOOOOOOOWWWWW ..... Damm it! 
Facebook is so annoying! 
Facebook is sucking a whole lot lately. Watching TV and going to bed. Opening tomorrow  Goodnight everyone.
facebook is too bored 
facebook isnt working 
Facebook just crashed for me 
Facebook mobile isnt uploading my pictures 
facebook need a surgery - it's lungs are filled with marijuana .. 
facebook not working from the Leg. pc 
@clride used to subscribe to both times &amp; newsweek but no longer do. No time to read 
@clrzqstn do you know where to find the answers @ world history's homework?? 
@clrzqstn yeah I searched google and went on this one site that looks promising..but i wannnnt PINK!! 
@clseeyedleap I missed u!  where u working?
@CLTdining Chef Adam is being mean. I can't get there until well after six. 
@clubforce thats not good 
@clubnilirony found milo wasnt that great in the UK. i bought some in sainburys - just tasted burnt  hope you have more luck with tescos!
@Clubpenguinfan3 I guess that boner story isn't so funny I've had TONS of boner moments like that unfourtantly 
@clucienne i rather not. recently i started thinking about him. i rather drink drainer fluid or be drenched in battery acid 
@ClumberKim Yeah   A lot of SFO locals are blaming me for bringing Alabama-style thunderstorms out here with me.  Sorry, folks.
@Clumsyflic good luck for tomorrow! true i've revised loads, but i honestly don't feel prepared!  10 hours of ineffective revision! x
@clumsymouth Awe buddy.    did you get insurance on it?  Maybe it might work if it dries out.  I'm sorry.
@clumsymouth I completely forgot about the angry pilot eating monster thing. 
@clutch_22 I say something yellow. All eyes will be on you. BR had the perfect one but I think they are sold out... 
@ClutterAway2 Thanks for posting the link to See Jane Work - such gorgeous products! I wish they shipped to Australia 
@Cluttermagazine it's all a bit jazzy, i've only seen my dad's, mine hasn't been updated yet  http://is.gd/M9BM
@Clydebuilt its sunny in Scotland again? Omg! Do you work out next to a rugby club? And you've not found a nice scotch rugger for me! 
@clydedavisjr I think it was all blown in the outsiders (which I love!). in e.t. no one knew him and most wanted to forget soul man. sad 
@Clyssus It's just the way our society has been led. The American Dream and all that. I also noticed last.fm being down 
@CMackey23 I think Im on punishment tonite  L0L!
@cmaecy @CheMerf @mulder8scully5 recaps make me cry.. 
@cmaecy Alex is the one whom i'm gonna miss so much when it comes to the band 
@cmaecy i hate you 
@cmaecy u didnt wait up for me last night  haha jk
@CMajor She will probably not be able to make it.    Her new restaurant gig is swallowing up her weekends.  She's still hopeful, tho.
@CMalachi I have a feature in Bmore tonight &amp; Storytellers on Sunday  I would love 2 b @ both shows! Knock 'em dead!
@cmantito I'm 50 minutes in already, it looks amazing 
@Cmarie0520 Ooh...lol I am on my computer enough I don't need any texts sent to tell me things. Sorry I disappointed you 
@cmarie7 home watching tv  I need a night out. you got me on that gnr shit
@cmblodgett I want a meatball marinara sub. I miss NYC. 
@cmbsweden you're right.. 
@cmcbrady Didn't make it to the table with all the sweets 
@cmcenyc My boyfriend is broken.  badly. Mentally.
@cmckelvey in my right arm... forearm to be specific! tried some anadin already did no good! 
@CMCor would've been nice to see Michael and talk with him since he was so close. I miss that dude 
@CMCx and u dont tell me  how rude.
@cmdtv that is faster than my download speeds 
@cmedig - i cant believe its finally here, the passing of an era. el will never be the same 
@cmee The event is sold out according to the website  #btvsmb
@cmellmer  How long have you been on twitter
@cmeplay no prob! all seems to be true... the lsa forum link i sent you has a lot of actual facts that pretty much destroy her story. 
@CmeWebs but we need the rain so I am not complaining. For the last week I have been having serious sleeping problems 
@cmf315 I will totally let you taste test. This one was for my brothers though so I doubt there'll be left overs  soon!!!
@cmgarcia Nah, I ate right before I got there  I wanted to try some though, it looked good.
@cmglothlin  My fault for still being in love with him. He's such a jerk sometimes.
@CMilkk Yeah, if you send too many tweets within one hour, then you can't send any more for a long time 
@cmiller2492 what's fony? or who? lol guess what? I can't sleep  I'd call, but ur probably sleepin [bummer lol]
@cmilove Give me 3 1/2 hours &amp; I'll find you.  lol  Another reason I should be in Louisville!!!  
@cminzzz I just saw year one. Sorry you got your foreskin cut off 
@cmleigh i just read.... cant you go??  oh what a pity... but you will have other chances...
@cmlh sorry mate I don't have a URL, I've always been sent emails.  I didn't attend this year or last year.  
@cmlp  it's everyone.. 
@cmlundy DONE!!!!! I really need one too... Aritzia hasnt gotten back yet  dammit!!
@cmnxx710 hahahahaha i know. fml. i miss him. but at least i got another hug in before he left haha. and now...the tutor is coming. damn. 
@CMoMMiiY lmao i dont have a phone until tomorrow  so ummm yea . how u gon worrk that out lol
@CMoneybeats I didn't have time  I might go when I'm here
@cmongood :-O that would have been awesome!! Really so she still has the special? Hmmm, I might get one then!  I bummed now 
@Cmonkey1125 you too!! didn't go to juneteenth/my phone was still dead all day yesterday  let's dance again soon!
@cmoo92 i had to duke out $875 to fix a bent strut last week 
@CMoz Lol - I've had better days but I've had worse too. No didn't go to the party. Now I'll be bumming rides - just totaled my car 
@cmpriest   sorry to hear about your teacher my dear.  Definitely a drink is in order.
@cmpriest - I want to buy it, but it's not an eBook! 
@cmsimike just a rough day 
@cmtwist Oh, yes, I'm still a tad sick...cough cough. 
@CMXIV plz don't! you'll have nightmares 
@cmygeek thats well gutting!  you should copyright it! then kick there ass!
@cnartelt  me? sarcastic? nope. it is pretty exciting, though. I'm headed back to Athens tonight, so I'll be seeing the damage in person. 
@CNBBRAND NO CU U AIN'T ANSWER MY QUESTIONS 
@cndavis still disappointed been riding with @sprint for a long time, plans r the best but not the handsets 
@cndflybaby at first i thought not the rash lookded different from webmd. but after searching google images, i tend to agree. 
@cndycream nope- I'm on that same inet  they are just greedy!
@CNETNews Yes piracy is a big issue, but since no one can rightfully control the Internet, nothing can really be done about this issue. 
@CNHSChemistwee Aw ms silverstone  He isnt even worth it if he couldnt treat u right. 'He' didnt come around yet if he's not giving yo ...
@cNicRun target last season. 
@cnllTHEsnail ughhh but i don't wanna beeeee  medieval pala i think i spelled it mid. typo haha bigla ko lang naalala
@cnn @THe_RuGGeD_MaN but im not tired  are u ordering me 2 bed we aint even met yet wow relax just jokin wit u
@cnn awww  rest in peace
@cnnbrk Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62. 
@cnoel42 a girl can have a bff and a bestie all at once... specially if she doesn't live in the same state as either of them.  miss you.
@CNoelle1 I've been up...no more sleeping in for me. Vaca is over 
@CNReilly I missed Match Game tonight    I hope I make it tomorrow night.
@CNsbtt Be careful, hunny! Watch out for the tornado 
@CNsbtt Jealous. Wish I could have been there 
@Coach_Ferfer nope, I'd say @LaurenH08 has ferfmail. Nothing here from ya  why you ignoring me like that?
@coachbear Yumcha fell by the side of the road  Drinking girly liquers til 2am will do that to you...
@CoachBilal Hey Coach! Show was CRAZY! Had to watch the phn lines and couldn't check my Twitter page!  Thanks for listening! 
@CoachBilal ok  be at peace brother
@CoachBradstreet i hear ya, sister! well visits aren't any fun at all 
@CoachMonique I let all the animals go... 
@COACHPARSELLS 
@COACHPARSELLS u somebody elses twubby n not mine  lmao seriously tho, my bed is pretty damn cold right now...
@CoachYeomans yes 
@coalhawk mine does that a lot  too   not a good sign
@coalhopper None that I've found! Normally I'm okay but have a cold right now so hearing is worse than normal. 
@coalminer78 ? this sounds not good 
@coast3rkid I miss Disney 
@coastalaussie it's all part of the house moving experiment. Move everything from one house to another and lose it immediately 
@coastalcity omg chunderella and ye jin is leaving family outing. 
@CoastalLiving There's a bunch of new spam on the message boards now. 
@CoastalMama I wouldn't know what to do, either 
@coasterdude2002 beats toothpaste... TRUST ME... and I won't explain how you get toothpaste in the eye... twice 
@coatesmorgan  you made me offically sad..
@cobie1982 hmm maybe i'll do that too, tho sadly i now look less popular 
@cobiegoesboom artificial sweeteners don't play nice with my stomach anyway.  
@cobrafangirl i can call you!!! just no text messages. 
@cobslakeshore we have a problem, we bought bread on friday and we are already out  why do you make your bread oh soooo good?
@CocaBeenSlinky a load of proverbial 
@CocaBeenSlinky glad all goods with you i'm ok now wasn't feeling so great ealier had a very sore back tooth my gum was throbbing 
@CocaBeenSlinky no im just tired  exactly that xx
@CocaBeenSlinky still lashing down here 
@CocaBeenSlinky thanks 
@cocacolamike hope you have a wonderful evening @ work my love. I'll miss you lying next to me.... 
@cocacolin me too baby  threeee weeks from today I'll be there! love you.xx
@cocacolin will do! she wants to come to star trek with us, but won't be here  [and she drinks earl gray tea and i laughed at her haha]
@cocainelorraine wow sooo that's y I got dumped tonite?  lol hav fun go!!
@cochineal lucky you! I'm being followed by SwineFlu.  must find more desirable followees to tweet about...............
@cocktailvh1 Working. Boo.  I still have another 2 hours at the job then I get to relax! (And then do it all again tomorrow! ha ha)
@CoCo_Rene thank u 
@cocoa1990 oh piss. this sucks. im sad twitter will be down tomorow night at 8  what will i do!
@CocoaBeige the media is full of BS...we all know he beat the SHIT out her....and her punched her...ugh  sick of this case...HES GUILTY !
@CocoaBrown82 lol so mad we couldn't go to that carnival 
@cocoachanel  oh no! still? 
@cocoachanel awww honey... are u still in the office? 
@CocoaGeek Huh? What's the point of a C64 emulator that doesn't emulate one of it's defining features? (The BASIC interpreter). 
@cococello Yes! Although I admit my little cousins harrassed it some first...but it apparently didn't like carrots  haha
@cococourtney i was just listening to the sweets for the first time in forever! i miss them so much  can we go to chi town for visits plz?
@CoCoDaDIVA smh how rude i soooo wanted to go 
@Cocodmonkey Rookie Blues fail to make the grade... There's your headline 
@cocofresh no probs girl...where were you tonight?? 
@Cocoia #WWDC T-Shirt... must have this, and you only made 6? 
@Cocoia unfortunately not stopping in Holland.  Will you be at Twiiste.be? You should be!
@cocol8y miss you 
@cocolee117 Bonjour Coco! I'm sad I can't come to yr concert in los angeles it would be too expensive for me to come  xoxoxo
@coColesy twitter is hard  lol
@cocolowecoco  im craving for some cake
@coconnie  what a shame.
@coconutofdoom We don;t have hbo. mom's too cheap to get it. but i'm watching it now. &amp; I work next sunday while it's on 
@cocopostergurl  great. I just ate. ugg. next time. 
@CoCoRorschach i know, i could wtach Gaga talk all day. AMAZING.sorry your night out wasn't great! 
@cocotteloup Ah not really. That plane was due at CDG at 12. Doesn't look good 
@cocoward :O if you go to the extraaaa show who will you go wittth???  btw come together festival has weird people performing and its $77!
@cocoward cant believe we cant watch itt ! LOLSSSS. 
@cocoy Noooo! Wait, Petron. I need to send this. @kulit, please tell @cocoy to send Monday back. Please. 
@cocoy the intertubes here is pathetic and slow.  
@cocoy Yeah! I need to leave in about 30 minutes and Lotus suddenly gives up on me 
@COD24 when am i gonna see you? 
@CodeBeard enjoy your last day in foreign. It'll seem like years have passed by this time next week... 
@codedigital  . I love you hunny. I'll relief your stress ;-) wink
@codelust India has a disproportionately large % of those bad sites  Esp banks and e-commerce sites.
@codem We had the same problem at SES - no WiFi 
@CodeRedGCG  why u laugh?? 
@CodeRedWard such a good song! We missed you last night 
@CoderNeedsFood ugh. 
@codeshaman: what is this Personal Effects, Dark Art thing you're talking about? Google just provides links to your blog/twitter acct. 
@codewarden get error message whenever I try to follow someone 
@codezeeosex poor u   i hope u did not sleep during the work , cause that might be a big problem &gt;.&lt; i said maybe :p
@codieg kay but I might not come out a dono what time my Lil cousins' going away at  and I'm tired
@CodieLyn lol. wer not goin now neway  ily tho bud! wher u workin at
@codigoverde yep, I know... But this is just the beginning of a hard journey... 
@codinghorror an iphone can survie a drop on the floor. Mine went face down on pavement. It did not survive. 
@Codster350 I failed at convincing Grant.  I'm watching The Wedding Date and drinking by myself instead  
@Cody_K my bad! I see the stripe now! Sorry sweetheart... 
@codybangs What?! How did that happen?  I hope you find it and in the same condition it was in when you left it!  No bueno!
@CodyBlair Yeah....sigh. @huynhangela @TATAliaa We're fine.  Thank GOD!
@codyckennedy I am actually feeling the exact same thing 
@CodyKardashian u never got on Stickam the other day  and I reminded u !
@Codylfriend - you're not sweet 
@codymckibb  Unfortunately, no. I'll be here in Aussie.
@codyxvx too bad we couldn't stay up for it 
@coerter r u ok??  do u need anything?
@coeurs_de_sucre yeah, metronomy 
@CoffeeAndMCR hey i don t know what happend i can t wath that video! 
@CoffeebreakDMV: Well, you save money of dish detergent if you order out, right? Oops! Bad influence! 
@CoffeeGeek can they do EEGs or fMRIs on dogs... cause that should seriously be looked into  glad she's feeling better tho
@CoffeeJoe I wouldn't do any such thing. My dad is so I wondered who she was. Now I know 
@coffeemaverick I have a brick... err... laptop that did the same thing.  My condolences.  
@coffeepink yeah--it croaked. left me and the fam at the side of the road...felt bad for my kids.  but today is a new day!!
@coffeeplus Last two and know they are going to be weepies 
@Coffeerama Thank U! It opened this time! I would love that! I had a French press &amp; broke the plunger,never replaced it!  Goooood coffee!
@coffeewithamee Sorry Ams. 
@cogings Ive been in the pharmacy two hours. Not impressed 
@cognoscento Me too please! I'm still bummed I missed it 
@CoGValkyrie we're all basiclly doing nothing  I wouldsleep but I slept during the day lol bad me
@coheed that would've been awesome to see... Although i'm kinda sad to see no song from Second Stage was on the setlist. 
@cokacoka nOw YOU KNOWWWWWW how i feel about beyonce 
@cokeman what r u saying bout my pigtails 
@cokies forgetting about someone is even worse than missing them.. that's my phobia 
@CokieTheCat I knows when I not wanted, me leaves now to go an sulk.  Yu made me sad. (sniff)
@CokoClemons I believe its started already. What I know for sure is it ends July 2nd. Short run. 
@CoL_2 you think?! it is worth the drive. i would hella go, but i'm still babysitting. 
@Col_RFTL  Hayfever? 
@Col_RFTL Think @PembsDave must have blocked me as not heard a Tweet from him for a while 
@colaborlando and I'll have to miss that tweetup, I have a client meeting in that timeslot 
@colbertobsessed  I was lucky, my mom paid for everything for me. I'll take you shopping!
@colbeyricklefs Sucko. What a crappy prof! 
@colbsi i'll keep my fingers crossed 
@colby0x  not for meee sister
@Colbycollier all I had was a 20 and they refused. They aren't cheap 
@colbylevi it's such a shame 
@coldclimate I try to avoid it wherever possible but sometimes I have no choice 
@ColdHearted19 ahh  sorry, oh and btw ur dream sounded funny, tell me more?
@ColdHearted19 doesn't he like pets?? they r so easy to look after and r no fuss whatsoever the only bad thing is they dnt last v.long 
@ColdHearted19 HATE it if u thought that 
@ColdHearted19 yep from a bridge right near ma house the bridge is prob bout 30 ft up from the motorway  its so sad
@coldmilk Sections 1, and 3 are flashing red - Overheating. Looks like your heat sync or a fan isnt working. 
@coldmilk Sounds like your next in line for a red ring 
@coldnosephoto Not me... I'm driving around with an inch of tree-crap on top of mine. 
@coldplay - Welcome to Twitter Guy! I miss you guys 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/7oigi - I hate all of them! Â¬Â¬ I wish to be there... but I'm a bit far of you guys... chile is too far 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/7ouow - it's so sad when it's over 
@coldplay I've just made a beautiful video. How could I write or have your copyright in the description? Is there any way? 
@coldplay no its not raining roght now. But it might later  can't wait til the show!
@coldplayingHQ Just imported the free CD they gave away at the concert but it won't download onto my ipod   Great review of last night!
@coldsnowy I know that sucks.. 
@coldsubject My leg and i got all 50 staples taken out today and the Doc told me no standing on my leg for 8 weeks. Bummer 
@coldv lately hey. Now it's not booting my 10.5 DVD. I'm putting 10.4 back on for the time being 
@coldvic me2 
@coldwellbnkr be careful ... Flickr ripped down my account for having Coldwell Banker logo on there.  Thanks Yahoo for that 2nd chance.
@cOLe___ and it was the girl scout cookies!!!!! 
@ColeBennett Yeah  ughugh, if it doesn't get fixed tonight we might just change the raid nights.
@coleenpascual no not yet.  waiting for june 5 pictures. HAHAA
@coleescola It doesn't work for us Canadians... 
@coleman sorry about that 
@colemanotoole had to switch providers  Waiting patiently for Verizon to get iphone...
@ColeMark code igniter makes you 
@colesytheref i cant send u a message on here   i really dont get it...lol
@ColeTon  i miss you too!!!
@colette_paul26 i really wanted to go to your concert !!! 
@colettebennett What that's crazy!? I paid the full 42 for mine.  But it is AWESOME.
@colettebett I have 4 more shows this summer. 2 more next week and 2 in July. Sittin on the plane back to Texas now. 
@Colettejane got megans dress... do you have any instant faketan?  + i only have a tenner for tonight  phone me at half 3!!!
@ColetteThomsonx pure twittering my friends  he's a pure nymph or summmit. I'm FANTABULOUS. miss yeees guys.
@ColetteXoXo I probably can't   I'm sorry I'm super busy!  What are you up to tonight?!
@Coley_cow thats bad! and on my birthday too! was at work for 12 hours yesterday  bad times!!
@Coley_Girl oh 
@ColinBoucher Nope  Weeell gutted. The contact we had sold them for 80 quid each!! We were like, errr no mate! The deal was cost!
@ColinGM unfortunately they've gotta film the second season jet 
@colingrady subversion? I wish. we were using CVS. 
@colinhowe love to work around it, but if I change the positioning it screws the layout inside the containing LI element. new css needed 
@colinismyname No question about it, one terabyte drive that I have now is already at 50% though 
@colinkelly ofgs my eyes are all filled up here...poor woman! 
@colinlefevre still have never done a Brick tour 
@colinloretz I miss Sushi Pier 2   I need to go to that place near starbucks on 6th? street
@colinloretz thats extreme! Too bad i just left breakfast. 
@ColinMackay yeah driving 
@colinmeloy    Can you make October come around faster? Hopefully will be seeing you at ACL!
@colinmower DB change worked Friday night as up, as did the code copy ....unfortunately some MQ issue was stopping end to end testing 
@colinparkerson I'm going! (if you weren't aware, this is starlesscities) ...I have lawn seats 
@colinrmccabe Ouch. I've just come back from a foreign business trip, so mine are looming as well 
@colinsato  You happen to be in the wrong industry right now...
@colinsato I wasn't drunk... oh, oh, yes, I was... 
@colinsato Tracking Posse calls, it's Oppurtunity: &quot;found&quot; spare key, unlocked door, bag out in the open, et al. Thieves=suckage 
@coliwilso sure wasn't ... mai legs 
@Coll_aka_Aubrey Oh, you were joking? Well now I'm crushed! I was totally gonna stand in the middle of a field and wave my arms! 
@collective_soul ahhhh sad. 
@collective_soul And again...NO MONTERREY MEXICO  
@collective_soul Guinness, I miss it! They don't sell it here! 
@collective_soul it's really fucking 5:24 am 
@collective_soul no reply?? 
@CollectorManiac Dunno, just feel really down 
@collectorz UPGRADES: that's why i can't upgrade my MOVIE db .. bad timing when I purchased it 
@colleen_stg  Yeah 
@ColleenBurns Sorry you are feeling down  Ice Cream and cookies may help
@colleencoffeyyy I'd come and visit you and eat something there but I have no money and am not allowed to eat out anyways 
@colleencourter please don't  when is it due?
@CollegeBoyFresh word?! I so wanted to see that. Damn 
@collegiate84 awwwh really  ? imma punch it!!
@collegiate84 n im sad n emotional for some reason today n i cant figure out y 
@collidingworlds yeah but those cheeks don't have Twitter 
@Collin_wolfboy  i hate being pregnant.. i cant even move. and im dying. 
@Collin_wolfboy :'( that hurt! whens your birthday? i'll send you a gift! pleaseeee 
@collin_wolfboy aww sorry  yh, star was really upset about that.
@collinjames20 don't be sad. 
@CollinQuick and sure enough, so rednecks got in a fight, called the cops, and got everyone kicked out.  that will NOT happen at GUK tho
@CollinQuick But my parents got it for me to wear to work  I can't wear PJs to work.
@collinsworth im sorry. 
@colocelt My man, its like 3:30 in NJ. I have classes to worry about again 
@Colombia883 nooo i didnt  im extremely exhaustedd. I keep fallin asleep at work   http://twitpic.com/6efke
@ColoneLargeKok  I am not.
@colonelargekok  im so dissapointed.
@colonelargekok im still so very dissaponted  lol jk
@colorava he didnt eat dinner today. kawawa naman. he looks matamlay. he's trying to sleep now 
@ColorblindFish Hey Fish!!!! Met all the band cept u last nite   Jones Beach maybe??
@ColorblindFish I wish I was a crab so I could burie myself in the sand   I lost 467 memories today
@ColorblindFish Seriously, Akon did not show?  Why do people do that?  As a fan I HATED when an act did not show.  Very frustrating 
@ColorblindFish Wish I was!!! 
@ColorGrayscale awww. being sick does suck!  Darwin said you and him should throw a pity party  http://twitpic.com/6vchx
@colorless1989 boo @ you for not updating anymore! 
@colorlesswords I KNEW THAT WOULD SCARE ME DAMMIT. The sound when you click his belly, way too sudden omg 
@colormehungry You do? What it look like Ma? Cause I can't see it. 
@colormyskyy I can't go next weekend :/ 2 people at work are going on vacation 
@colorofviolence i wish the one in phnx..  but good luck d00d!!
@colortheory We're at 100% taken apart 
@colossalblue is that anything like chu chu rocket? my gold sub also ran out 
@colossalblue Tried to warn you. Sorry, bud 
@colour_my_world awww...thanx hannah! im really gonna miss u when school ends..  and thanx 4 the pic.
@colourfulponies I got left out when everyone went and saw it. 
@Colourofsleep Yeah, I was pretty bummed. I missed two birthday parties and work. 
@coltari long story dude. Basically the same reason i cant go to download! 
@ColtSeaversPS I would vote if I could 
@ColtSeaversPS set up a quick loop at http://sandvich.org/, shame about the pause when it loops again 
@columalmighty really need to find someone to buy it 
@columbusj23 you dont have time for me anymore! 
@colwar No coveritlive at #ICTEV09 keynote. No wifi in the hall  They had issues early with wifi.
@ColwellChris I want to be in vegas 
@ComaSowJen victim of downsizing I guess 
@combat_hobbit is sunny am working 
@combichristian transformers imax at midnight?? yea...im freaking bummed too. 
@combustiblesong ~shrugs~ i just do 
@combustiblesong lol i don't get enough cause my dad won't let me, he keeps waking me up 
@combustiblesong Nobody understood or replied to me. 
@CombustionGlass wow - completely devastating 
@ComcastBill I used to get under around 5ms, nowadays I get around 35. 
@ComcastBill it's been resolved... kind of.  but i was told one solution for my non-working remote last night and a different one this AM 
@ComcastBill Thanks Bill... I have no idea what is going on. 
@ComcastBonnie I am so sad about him passing. If I was home I would be balling right now watching the news.  
@ComcastBonnie OH!  but I thought d3 modems are bkwards compatible?  
@comcastcares @comcastbonnie   Hey Comcast, you are still blocking my Twitter email 
@comcastcares My internet still down, just found out that my appt was canceled without notifying me. Comcast person on the phone now 
@comclovin sorry I didn't invite...they called last min. 
@comeagainjen      yeh i agree  we were suppose 2 do sumthing  in new york and we counldnt go  so we had to do it in side...   -amber
@comeagainjen   my friend is not being my friend no more i need to talk about it wid someone HELP! x
@comeagainjen at least your teacher didn't spoil angels &amp; demons yesterday! 
@ComedyBint It's the updated yahoo mail. It comes straight through to my phone. They're the 3 shows I listen to most. Gutted 
@ComedyBint Oh and sorry bout your Gramps...mine are too 
@ComedyQueen @paulpuddifoot what remedies you got? i have work too and i dont wanna miss that 
@ComedyQueen and yyup very awful , and no it aint a great comparission, as how do i look like a monkey  lol
@ComedyQueen been ill since the end of Feb, been told not to expect anything much before July 
@ComedyQueen i am not bullying you  i aint that evil cmon what you take me fo hehe
@ComedyQueen i no  but we still in it #TwitterTakeover hope fully if we can keep it in the cloud it will b on the list of special people
@ComedyQueen i no, well it aint a mean thing as i no i am a twat, but they dont even no me, so how do they no i am a twat haha 
@ComedyQueen It never will  I blocked britney 7 times yesterday. Britney is clingy and needy.
@ComedyQueen lmfao  yeah i no i did  not good
@ComedyQueen lmfao unlucky  i no they do and when they over u have a lonnng summer haha
@ComedyQueen nope we dont, as wouldnt be a good thing  lol
@ComedyQueen yeah he'll so get us into trouble for this  the big girls blouse lmao
@ComeOnEILEEN87 i dont like it that much that your phone is turned off. 
@ComeOnEILEEN87 just called ya. your phone is turned off 
@comesaturday we're unlucky!  it's quite sunny here too!
@comforteagle TELL ME about Windows servers, having to move everything to another box AGAIN. Tried to tell 'em about Linux.. Dun't care. 
@comfykitty costco are dorks thus the reason for 6pm closing. i've always hated that 
@comillone  Lol
@CommieWench Cry, scream, sing, write, exercise... any of the above? Weak advice, I'm sure, but... That sucks. I'm sorry.  *hugs*
@commish24 Sorry to hear about that Jo.  
@commish24 Yeah, we're without Harry and Gary in this area now.  Still trying to adjust to Harry being gone.  It'll never be the same. 
@committeedesign nope!  And I want a burrito, too! Boo.
@Common_Pigeon But u ate chicken this week!! How was that? Do u feel guilty or smthing?? 
@Common_Pigeon that is sad. 
@commoncandy i will help you girl 
@commonchefs @tyroga  I hope you find him soon 
@commonsense4   Sorry you're having a rough night. ((hug))
@Commsguy I'm keener on Yasmina because she seems, of the two of them, a little more real. But her mouth turns down at the corners. 
@communicated  i cant figure out how else to assassinate people that i could actually beat. you have me hooked!
@communique i'm sad we won't be in town for the adam franklin show. 
@communique: sorry.  no couple over here for you and mike to hang out with 
@CommunispaceCEO He sat there and lied. I have no respect for him whatsoever. Tired of all the lying in baseball.  
@commuter_dirge It's so depressing to work on public holidays 
@comparingapples I is vegetarian 
@compassionart Hey! The video link for that unseen footage is a private video so we can't watch it 
@CompassWoman Hey sister.  Yes, very busy but not as busy as I'm use to.    Trying not to get bored at home.
@Compiversteher: should have known this before  now he has stress with his blog and has to contact a lawyer ...
@Complexhigh no 
@Complexity_ 
@Complexity_ since we're becoming official soon enough. What if something happens and I need to go save you  UGH just miss me, deal?
@Complexity_ who you talking to? 
@Complexity_ Yeah i feel you... theyre so confusing!! 
@compliqated no kfog kaboom. i'm sad i missed it 
@ComplXSimpliciT I don't know, but I can't just wait around anymore! 
@Composure_s0n you better save me some! 
@ComptonAssDeezy =O and u didnt invite???  not cool!! but how was ur day??
@ComptonFlyElle wtffff r ok? What's goodie? 
@ComputerArts I just got a lot of twitter action! Thanks to your competition! Ha. Odd. PS&gt; Still don't receive my subscription myself 
@computertechie7 Yes but those are expensive   But so nice...
@ConanO_Brien I don't mean to butt in, but are fakes really pushing them away from twitter? 
@ConanO_Brien yup i stayed up till 4am hoping to catch the duchvony interview. Jay was talking about january  so i went to bed lol
@conawillvlog me either  I have to work
@conc3p It always been a fav, but particularly right now it's like look how far we've fallen. Made me sad.  I just plain miss Liv &amp; El
@Conceet School stopped for me but me and my friend went to the beach and he was there - acting like we werent..  &lt;3
@conchordgirl he was passing out postcards. I didn't get one  I was so bummed about my pic lol but I did buy his cd. He gives nice hugs 
@conchordgirl Oh man!   Sorry to hear that...yes, rest up!
@conchordgirl oh no!!!  Hope everything is ok...
@concretexkiss seen it. Loved it. I watch more movies then you do 
@confa sorry guys it didn't work 
@confessing7girl Point taken. 
@ConfessionsMom Those escaped convicts were finally arrested, in the tiny ND town where I picnicked last week. 
@confeye  i work till 10 
@conflagratio I know. This one was twice already in my follower list. Both wouldn't budge when blocked. 
@congoblue  sorry to hear that
@conkinho i think its possibly better than #badsex lol but yeh exactly. i stil think i shud hav sold it for more tho  oh well :S
@conkinho noooooo i dont like big brother 
@connanmimi any sign of improvement today. It's awful when the kids are ill isn't it? Poor little things 
@connectwise I'm all done. Graduated with my admin certificate. I don't feel like I'm an admin though  Overwhelmed w/ more setup to go
@connerthecat me too 
@conni_n really i'm so deard u.u i hurtme alot this fuck leason  i miss U too alot ! i miss Ur Laught ! i love u sososososo much 
@Connie_Lingus Told you!! I'm jealous  I neeeeed my beeeerryyyyy *tear
@conniegreen i felt irritated! I never received any of my commisions from links on my site. Free ads for affiliates 
@ConnieKuo I know so sad 
@conniereece When do I get to see this in person? BlogHer? Blog World? (yes I know I seriously FAIL for not seeing you at SXSW   )
@connierose04 Obviosuly, i just forgot you twittername adress thing so now I look dumb. 
@conniesu someone hit ur car!? not ur new carrrrr 
@connievstack no not yet  they were supposed to be coming back  , like ther were rumours a few months back, but now its all gon e quiet ?
@connoraa leave it alone  come hear and you can be slow too lol.
@connoraa yes it is im up the top its so hot though  haha.
@ConnorGreen BOLLOCKS! I'm so sorry! I'll drop it up soon! Completely slipped my mind! Really sorry! 
@ConnorGreen Doesn't help with the amount of cigarettes I smoke as well! On Antibiotics as well so I can't drink on holiday this weekend 
@connorhughes Yeah, love it. But it's Adobe Air based...you need admin rights to install Adobe Air, so that's out 
@ConnorJack  every language doesnt work  damn EA!
@ConnorJack i can't logging in! 
@ConnorJack I'm sorry Connor, but the pic is so blurry my eyes can't seem to make anything out 
@ConnorJack the forum and the store are took down. and the other language are teken down 
@ConnorJack yea, looks great  got my vids on there  yay ;) the ads are hard now to find as only some channels show them 
@connorooo really??? where??? i didn't have reception at one point, so that's probably why  i sorry
@ConnorsCompShow Lucky, our BestBuy only has PCs on display  How was the MacBook keyboards? Rubbery?
@connscious I have penis envy. 
@connymouse ah okay...why didn't you tell her? how r her little ones? it's the jobcentre, always the same.  what did they say btw?
@connymouse well...we have sunshine but it's a little bit chilly outside cause of the light wind. but in the office it's hot 
@Conoroconnor that might be pushing it then 
@CONQUERED i signed up to that community you linked but i'm sad because i have a GIANT collection of cover songs but you took cover week. 
@conquerofawesom Hope your back is feeling better this weekend.. No fun partying with a bad back 
@conrey really... that's a shame, especially for a local account 
@ConsBarcebal cons! i didn't see you! 
@Conscious_MC yessir babysitting again unfortunately.  ..he's suspended for the whole week..
@ConservaTeacher I have no idea! lol How have you been?! See we're both home on Sat night! 
@ConservativeGal Oh ya, I feel sorry for you...you probably get a TON of trolls bad mouthing you. 
@constant1change its not the same 
@ConstantCritic I was out of town for a while but just started up championship mode again.  Fell victim to too many block string throws 
@Consticat  nope still missing...I've put up notes at the rural mailboxes I miss him so much 
@consubfm  aw. i'll text you back!
@contactnaveen @sudarmuthu @Karthik I don't have it with me.  my friend had it. check the pic here -  http://bit.ly/ngeXM
@contd Your website made my browser crash ? 
@Contempted Did the heroics ever go through! If not sorry! 
@ContemptSlots don't forget the ones who start clapping and cheering before the final bar and stomp all over the final whole-notesÂ  Â  
@Contendo ummm....awww that is a bitch!  epic fail on all counts  lol
@contentqb i really want the N97 though my provider aren't doing it. 
@contentwhore  lure her in with a foot massage!
@contentwhore oh helllllllll  i gotta find it
@Contore im at work all day... it could rain all day for all that I know... 
@contractorslim Hey slim, your girl hasn't returned my two phone calls 
@contradictious but I had to shop, there was very little basking!! 
@ContrapuntalAnt aww damn  try and get a bit more cash together, more of an incentive!
@contrarygirl oh, and I would have taken her to the doc but in Darwin on a Sat, would be wasting my time 
@controversie i tried the link, says private  i wanna read this wahhh!
@conversecat i love him to death, its just we still miss our old youth group 
@conversegirl16 actually my sis is like the master of blackmail lol its like she has an ability to come up with evil ways to get me 
@coo1hand1uke Prep! Aww...I miss you guys  No summer trip? Or maybe like a bay trip, &amp; we come up?
@Cookie_Crumz I know u hate me cause everyone else is on ur top friends except me. 
@cookiedorksx3 babiii  we need to talk soon! when u get on at yt, or twitter or msn SAYY xD cause later i'll be on ;D ilusm
@cookiedorksx3 i miss you 
@cookiedorksx3 nuh-uh me! pshh pshh lol sorrry. no i am trust me on this one i am 100% weirder than you i am so  sorry  i have to go know
@cookiemegan gosh now I feel REALLY guilty! sorry sweetie 
@CookieMerrygold Im the one who got a PM  .. what could it be ? :O
@CookieMerrygold lol .. the tickets sold out well fast (n) .. someone has just won vip tickets for T4 on the forum  xx
@cookiemonster82 Morning! I want to be in the sun. 
@cookiesnbiscuit Me too.  Joke. ))
@cookiethief3 yea i no  bt do u no y??
@CookiieMonstaar &quot;your promises they look like lies&quot; :/ that describes it.... 
@CookiieMonstaar As usual, South Africa is non-existent! I am seriously so close to running away!  I seriously hate living here!
@CookiieMonstaar places are like 2 hours drive away from one another... and what about the rest of us...  it sucks
@CookingGranny windy here this morning with a few drops of rain.. took the little 1's I've got here 2 the park in bunnyhugs &amp; sweat pants 
@cookingwithamy so jealous. my 2 fave fruits r blueberries&amp;peaches. i tried the link u posted yesterday 2that cake but it didn't work. 
@cookinsforme Sorry to hear that  Hope she recovers soon. Take care, love.
@cookio  are you going to remove me ?  
@Cookistas oy i miss u guys na! and Cooky! lagnat sucks.  rly, Neal smoked onstage? WAH. that's.. HOT.
@Cookleta i'm just 14  lol
@Cookleta just trying to remember wht my real name is  apple juice, wine-drinker, slappy, parachute, tweety, GRUMPY lol hate nicknames!
@Cookleta okay i'll surely ahve fun  i can't believe tis the last tym i'm meeting them  okay bye
@Cookleta yeahhhhhhh....i'm hoping to have a gr8 tym..we cud have met everyday but they r busy with skool and then academies so.. 
@CookyMnstr  Hey, Noelia - I can't get the ribbon up on my photo either... and I couldn't get my pic to turn green. Tried 5 or 6 time now 
@cooldeadsex haha 5 hours? I hear ya brother!  insomnia suxxxxx
@coolgoose Evolution does have issues...  ... I trashed it the other day in favour of ThunderBird
@Coolhands very very hectic.they jus knocked down one of my preskool students an she died b4 reaching d hospital.i partially raised her 
@cooliphoneapps1 i hear ya. i was under the assumption i'd get turn by turn when i bought this thing a year ago. 
@coolKid85  what it do!... it still kinda hurtss 
@coolkidstar08  ok. How are you feeling
@coollike  it didnt worrrkkk. gutted.
@coollike  Poor Charlie. I hope the rest of your journey goes okaay!
@coollike  the cokies arnt real imaginary will hav to do mmmmmmmmmmmm cookie...
@coollike happened to me yesterday. Instead my editing software became completely corrupted  just finishing editing now.
@coollike http://twitpic.com/6oazq - Lucky! I went to London on first class and they didn't give me tea  (Although I am a coffee girl, ...
@coollike I would suggest switching to Sony Vegas for the trip, but it doesn't work on Mac apparently 
@coollike i'm sorry American TV sucks. 
@coollike Poo. I was looking forward to you're vid  Plus it's my b-day today ...
@coollike Sounds awesome, wish I could go but no way I could afford it   Have fun!
@coollike that sucks 
@coollike This is why I dislike North American TV, and I'm North American 
got some new ducati puma high tops yea they are sweet. and yes i dont have a ducati 
Got some nice sales this morning... But still behind on monthly target 
got some sad news last night my bff's baby little boy is in hospital been treated for cancer 
Got some sleep but my phone getting emails woke me up 
Got some sun today at the baseball games which resulted in a farmer tan! Kinda ruins the sundress I'm supposed to wear tomorrow! 
Got some sun today! I've been thinking and I miss Tori and Sarha Testa!  About to watch The Hills FInale and MTV Movie Awards!
Got some Tamarindo italian ice from the Pinoy festival at Madison Square Park.   Walked past MoCCA 20 min before closing. 
Got SOOO much college work to do today 
got soooo so soooo wet because Anthony felt the need to pick me up and Simone, Cass, and EVERYONE wanted to drench mee! 
got spoiled by so much chris, now who knows when I'll see him next. 
Got stood up by Jean Paul Makhlouff  ;; chillin with the bestfriend&lt;3
Got stood up for early drinks  Thank god the #irish never do that!!
got stopped out on a fake out down. -2.0 
got stuck out in the downpour   Came to the realisation that plastic ponchos do nothing!
got stuck with a dirty needle and is in the ER 
Got stupid sql queries going through my head... Wait until tomorrow brain.. *hit* ouch 
Got sucked into going to walmart and now we are at ihop going to be tired tomorrow for church 
Got sum Rhode Island Reds..n abt 2 months we will have fresh eggs! My dog Duke died 4rm Rattlesnake bite! 
got sun burnt again!  on my shoulder blades this time...
got sunburned  im still gonna go swimming again tomorow though 
got sunburned yesterday 
Got sunburnt at the beach. Now I look like a lobster cooking accident 
got sunburnt today  Have a weird line down my right arm. Must have missed that bit with the sun cream. Hope the nice wether continues.....
Got sunburnt today in Brummyland whilst playing 2 hours of football ... and we lost 
got sunburnt yesterday and going out in the sun today did'nt help, oucchhhh im peeling 
got suspended from work 
got that insomnia thing goin right now, finally catch a break tomorrow though...i guess I should study for my exam 
Got that new iPhone 3g S for the people that don't know u can't mms message yet  but the video camera is awesome !
Got the (non-swine, I hope) flu.  Going home.
got the biggest headache 
Got the boot from .net today. Cannot post on the ghost town forums. Not many people left there. Maybe 3 members left. 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/1aF4s6
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/CKqOh
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/FpSgX
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/p1iiR
Got the case for my diploma.  Don't get the real one until after the ceremony is over 
got the case of hiccups  any advice?
Got the check from Click bank , now to hard part of getting the actual money from a Sri Lankan bank  , any suggestions anyone ?
got the chills, sore throat, and a headache. please don't let me wake up sick tomorrow. 
Got the day off work! Too bad its taken up with appointments 
Got the Fisheye lomo pics developed and half of them didn't turn out good. 
got the flu  and no it aint the swine flu LOL ,
got the flu..hope its not swine 
Got the gist of the melody laid out yesterday but recalling that much theory made my head hurt so I burnt out after a few hours  next time
Got the graphics card, works great. But now I need a new cpu 
Got the icee I wanted. I always get what I want. 
Got the keys 4 my new flat this morning. Woop woop! (via @mell_loife18) Also, my cat's ill  Poor Figaro
Got the keys to my new flat - gorgeous weather for weekend - and i'm spending it &quot;PACKING&quot; 
Got the magazine with my article in - so awesome! But they chopped out a few important bits to make it fit  xo
got the meeting this morning  yuk hate these meetings oh well here we go
got the monday-blues...even though it's evening allready...really hope all turns out well for lindsay...would be the mess if it didn't 
Got the new iPhone software....yessssss! Now I just need the new phone since mine can't send pictures 
Got the new phone and am not quite sure I like it. It's just not the same and nowhere near as nice as the W580i that I had. *sigh* 
got the new trackball THANK GOODNESS. it's moving in all directions BUT when i push it to select something it doesn't work  so i have....
got the new Tweetdeck the moment it came out, before the servers crashed. Holla! Except then I couldn't update my PC version  but its  ...
Got the new update on the iPhone and it erased all my stuff 
got The Sims 3 and no computer to play it on.  http://www.howitends.tv
got the stomach bug 
Got the Sunday Nite blues 
Got the truck back. It was a wheel bearing as I originally suspected. The new F150s require a new rotor when replacing the bearing 
Got the update but now am not seeing all incoming tweets 
Got the viruses out of my PC, god what a hassle 
got the weather station mounted on my jeep. severe weather, you can come now. except i really want to swing dance tonight 
Got there late from my sound check and missed Dave playing with Bang Tango and Dee Snider joining them onstage for Highway To Hell. 
Got this really nice dress and a nice top n this other dress was 2 big was still really nice n they didnt av it in a smaller size 
got thrashed at guitar hero... even when i was playing easy and Lauren was playing extreme... not right... miss her now though  
got three grades so far: Math11 -&gt; B , Acct1B -&gt; A, Bio19 -&gt; A. Good times to be had. Sad about the math grade though. 
Got three quotes for my car damage.  Looks like it's going to cost ~$1000 to replace the door entirely or do a laborious fix and repaint. 
got through two thirds of new moon in three days, now on to eclipse..........then more work  assignments sadly dnt write them selves. 
Got tired of the kitchen being uninhabital so swept and mopped the floor when its dry I'll do the work tops 
got to campus to find our reception tent and quad soaked... trying to clean up, but more storms on the way 
Got to Central with time to spare, looks like I left Liverpool Tweetup too early  #lpooltwup
got to clean the bathroom today. 
Got to do loads of homework =[  Mommmy...........!!! 
Got to do so much revision 
Got to enjoy when one department doesn't know what the other departments are doing in a company. 
Got to find a new hair place, mine was shut down. 
Got to fix mom's painting, peeling off.  Been meaning to fix it for awhile: Bless her soul.
Got to get off my behind and get moving got to go grocery shopping while it is still early somebody give me a push i don't want to go 
Got to get ready for school pretty soon here 
Got to get ready to bring my kids to a swim B-Day Party! I can not believe I have to put on my swim suit for this! URGGG! 
got to get Rex a checkity-check-up 
Got to get some stuff done before work today but have no motivation 
Got to go and run, looks like i am going to get soaked. 
got to go baby sit! i know its my birthday but i have too its sucks 
got to go do some cemeg 
Got to go down the bank and move some money about and then to find the best place to give me more euros. Only just woke up too 
Got to go hospital at 300pm  have dye injected into me then a x ray :S
Got to go iron - Dave has work 2moro  Will be back in like an hour....
Got to go make dinner. Too hot to cook 
Got to go shopping with wife down to Tesco's. I knew my day was going to well. 
got to go study  i hate the junior cert cant wait till the 12 of june it will all be over then wwoooo
Got to go to a wedding this weekend in La. Bummer! No flying.  Wait! I'll take the HyperFlea!!!
got to go to school   no I'm not very happy....
got to go to scool in a bit and just avin brekkie       x
got to go to the physio's soon 
Got to go to work. Its Saturday 
got to have a nice, loooong, catch-up convo w/my boy, just now!! loved it. love &amp; miss him!  wish my youngest had cell reception, as well 
Got to hold my beautifully packaged Sims 3 Collector's Edition tonight! Too bad I can't take it home until Tuesday. 
Got to keep typing but can't keep my eyes open. It hurts 
Got to learn for two exams this weekend. English + math.  But looking forward to the WWDC Keynote on Monday.
got to let my phone charge .... 
Got to love mornins wen u wake up and dnt know where u are... 
Got to love yahoo..they are getting rid of 360...I loved that blog site  w/e
Got to LV 10 mins too late for the movie. Its 127 mins long and I've work at 5 so can't go to the 2.20 showing either. Bugger 
got to pack my wardrobe later 
Got to reinstall EVE Online. Grrrr 
got to revise   stupid school messed up my chem exams if i do shit tomoz i got no hope in a C :'(
got to revise all day what a drag 
got to see all the old roomies yesterday in downtown cbus! now helping mom clean...yuck  
Got to see my bestie today...its been a while...and tomorrow breakfast and then goodbye again.   
Got to see my son graduate (or get a certificate) from head start Fri. That was cool. Spent the weekend on the road, now back to work. 
Got to see my Wildstorm back issues out of storage 4 a bit this weekend but still can't take them out for good.  Very sad.   
got to sleep now but i can't 
Got to sleep soon!! Worrying bout getting to and from @oasis 
Got to swim today. The deerflies kept trying to eat us. 
Got to take one of my baby cats to the vet tommorow. As much as I am against it, I may have to euthanize one of my cats if he gets worse. 
Got to take raiden to get his injection  so horrible then fathers day shopping!
Got to take the kids to school and then to work 
got to the end of enterprise week and we won!! have to take y11 customer care out on a trip now 
Got to the movie late and now i'm sitting in the front row  i'm going to have terrible neck pain.
Got to the theater to see UP... Only to realize I purchased tickets for the wrong night. Never live that down  http://twitpic.com/6pno9
got to try to keep myself busy this weekend cause Reid will be gone   know what that means. . . . .SHOPPING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Got to uni, only to find my room internet connection doesnt work and I have left my I pod 50 miles away at home 
Got to walk 2 miles home now 
Got to work early this morning. Eating porridge and drinking tea. I had a bad case of the snores lastnight - ruined somebody's evening 
Got to work early today, the only trouble with being punctual is there's nobody there to appreciate it 
Got to work on Sunday 
Got to work today 
got to work when its sunny out 
Got told off by an old lady at the garden center who backed into my cart. &quot;You're a freakin' idiot!&quot;. Old ladies usually like me...  
Got Tonsolightous 
Got too excited about craving milk.  curled up on couch
got too much sun last weekend now he is peeling 
got toothache 
got toothache  dentist booked for monday morning, ah well bad tooth = hard to eat = weight loss  lol
got tootheache 
Got tweetdeck on iPhone, but it won't download on my pc. Just gets stuck 
Got two major pieces of work to finish by the end of the day. 
got two new threadless t-shirts - for me this time.  They are too tight    Will probably cut the prints out &amp; sew onto larger shirts.
Got two wrong on my exam  oh well, still a B!
Got underpaid for babysitting!  I was there 7hours! I should have got atleast @70-@100! Wth!
got up a little earlier than usual today and the stock market is moving relatively sideways which means one thing...i could have slept in 
Got up a while ago, now sitting &amp; chatting about with Siti! I miss my best friend, @DrinnaMunardy  Ugh, I also got a bad headache! Safe x
Got up and found I'm out of Dorset cereal 
got up and go on my pants 
Got up and realized all that rain last night wasn't just a bad dream. 
Got up around 8:30, saw the rain, then went back to bed. I am being a total bum right now. Exercise is not happening 
Got up at 4:30 this morning. Did that t o try to win free tickets to a concert and guess what. You have to be older to win them. 
Got up at 6 to install 3.0 ..... And u can't install it yet  not happy and to make matters worse there is a downpore outside!
Got up at 7 am to do text updates about ESWC. Shame cant get stream working on my MAC 
got up at 8 on her only day in to sleep in   might take a nap later
got up at seven. even though no school. 
got up bout 1 hour ago....waiting for skool     nd watching Gmtv...fun fun fun
Got up early and fight with the pillow  I didn't wanna wake up booo I'm still sleepy... having breakfast
Got up early so I could change the oil in my camaro, but it looks like its going to rain 
Got Up Early To Get Sum Extra Work In And I Get Stuck In Traffic For A Hour. WoooooooooW, Dam U Lincoln Driiiiive!!!  Good Morning 
Got up early to go hiking... and everyone punks out on me. 
Got up early to go shopping, not even going now  back to bed and listenin to music. What to do today?
Got up early to sit on my aunts couch with nothing to do .. 
Got up for Formula 1 only to realize that its at 2pm... 
got up from a nap. still sleepy. 
Got up in the middle of night, now I can't go back to sleep 
got up late 
Got up late and am so not ready for work 
Got up late, aw man thats more time wasted now. Gota get in the zone 
got up of my bed and now, i'm not okay  listening to some music and talking with my mom (bla bla bla)
Got up to chapter 7 today, pg 54. About 550 moar pgs to go. FML. 
got up too late 
got up. Hey everyone! Whats up? I wanna go to amusement park!!!   niceday
got up. my head hurts 
Got used to the got weather and now its chucking it down 
Got vegas clothes but wow, the most important item, a speedo, was not in sight.... 
got waken up by hayfever 
Got wayy to much sun yesterday. Now I am at home sick 
Got wayyyy too drunk last night and pissed off @romo18 
Got weird emotions going thru me!!! 
Got wendy's instead of taco bell 
Got wet on the way home. New hair looks like crap. Trying to feel happy but not working. 
Got what could quite possibly be the WORST paper cut EVER today. Corners of file folders = paper daggers. Ouchie. 
got windows xp now running on my ubuntu laptop via virtualbox. Hey don't blame me it was a necessity. No mac emulators will work 
Got woke up at 5am to babysit my sisters daughter great huh? Now it is 6:25 am i am soooooo tired 
Got woke up by sister and Mum lying beside me in my bed at 7am, now can't sleep. 
got woken up at 11.15  still tired. got home about 1.30ish. cant believe my dinner is in 1 hour...
Got woken up at 4.45 this morning and i'm starting to feel tired 
got woken up by having some nightmare about a bee trying to sting me 
got woken up by little kids 
Got woken up by religious nuts ringing the bell. Guaranteed to put me in a foul mood. Took ages getting back to sleep after 
Got word from USAA that the minivan is totalled.  Now we need a high valuation for something to buy a new car with.
Got work again now 
Got work in an hour. Dont wanna go  !
Got work soon 
got work today! whooo whooo!!! 
Got yelled at about how worthless she was until she almost killed herself, and is now extremely sick 10 hours before graduation 
Got zero books in the mail this week 
gota do lots of hw today 
gota luv mobile tweetn now my phones dead 
Gotdamned pain pills did it again. 4 hours wasted. :-/ I wanted to go to Luckie tonight 
Gots a headache  and I'm watching the news. I'm nit doing anything tomorrow so you and call me for plans.
gots a headache now 
Gots Golf in the morning. I love the sport but i can go golfing as much as everyone wants me to 
gots the munchies for doritoessss. but none in the cupboard  it's sad. hm thinking what movie i should watch
Gots to find new article.  
Gots to wake up early tomorrow. 
gots way too muches to do this weekend. 
gotta back to my (not so) beautiful physics book. enjoy this cool life for me 
gotta back to my books  bye cool life.
Gotta be at work for 6 
gotta be up in 3.5 hours, so I'm not sure whether to sleep that little bit or just stay up 
Gotta bring my sugar gliders to their new home, for two months, tomorrow. I will miss them so... 
gotta calm the weekends down monday blues carrying on into tuesday 
Gotta change my pic 2.  Bad luck. Had this pic when they lost. 
gotta clean her room  
Gotta do Jury Duty tomorrow at 7:30am UGH!! Prayin I dont get picked to serve 
Gotta do some laundry tonight.  
gotta download another software using limewire iiish gonna take 4eva 
Gotta eat - cooking for one is no fun 
Gotta feel bad for the magic, those in and outs are killer. Was hoping they didn't follow them into OT but it did 
gotta find food. my tummy is growling 
Gotta fly...back to work  xx
Gotta freakin walk to work!!! How annoying! 
Gotta get back to reading Socio10 ekruh now.  So sleepyyy.
Gotta get off my nice comfy couch into the freezing cold to pick up ash from work 
Gotta get ready for basketball, won't be back til like 3 30 
Gotta get ready for work... My poor little man still doesn't feel good 
gotta get ready to go to the office   Not looking forward to being contained in my cubicle after such a wonderful weekend
Gotta get ready to go to work. 
gotta get some sleep....i have a lot to do today with my car and cell phone   anyone wanna join in my adventure?
gotta get some sleep...class 2morrow...ugh!!! 
Gotta get the kids off to bed. Had a great mother's day!! Now back to work tomorrow 
gotta get the laundry in! then get ready for PDO tomorrow..im so tired but sleep is not coming for a while 
gotta get to bed gonna go 2 a 7 hour long convention wit the church fam at 10 tomorrow, man im gnna b sleey  Night twitterz
Gotta get to work soon...tired 
gotta get up early 2morrow 4 wrk ughh!!!!! 
Gotta get up early tomorrow, busy day. Dreading the agonizing pain of waking up to a fcked up throat like i did this morning 
gotta get up in a few hours...booo  gooodnight!
gotta get up soon n take my kids to their game. ughhhh 
gotta go 2 my car and get these cds out wish me luck guys  lmao
gotta go babysit   - oh the joy. really cba. the kids annoy me lol toodles x
gotta go back to college soon and endure a Harri lesson 
Gotta go back to work in 10 minutes... 
Gotta go back to work today 
gotta go cramp science in my brain. i'm sorry brain.  
Gotta go draw something christian  ...best get rly high and rock a buttplug. Goodnight.
Gotta go guys wilk be back in an hour on my laptop! @honeyjune once again sorry sis! 
Gotta go my phone is on it's last leg so can't promise any update.  3 years I have had it so not bad though  Dumb Blackberry 
Gotta go now .. i'm going to Circus .. the real Circus not Britney's Tour  sadly ..
gotta go on a prescription diaper rash cream run this afternoon   poor kiddo.
gotta go shortly 
Gotta go supervise my neice at work 2nite &amp; she wants to be at a mates party instead so should be a fun filled nite 
Gotta go to church @ 12...  LAST MASS!!!!!!! Except wednesday....
Gotta go to skool.....noooooo......and today begins another episode in my dramatic life 
Gotta go to the city to get me some nice clothes for my school graduation. Wish me luck! 
Gotta go to the doctor's again 
gotta go to the job centre today  ill make sure to take lots of pointless pics
Gotta go to the vet's for a shot this morning.  ? http://blip.fm/~5eyd8
gotta go to work at 2....no bueno.... 
Gotta go to work at 3 
gotta go to work soon.....damn it I would love to stay at home in my bed lol  peace out!
Gotta go to work tonight.  it's not bad. Only six hours but this whole day has been just enough to screw up my whole scedule
Gotta go to work yay 
gotta go twitterers (?) my stupid sister wants to go on facebook  oging to montreal 2morrow so i wont be on for a while! bye!! XoXox &lt;33
gotta go work but don't want to  
gotta go work out but is getting lazy 
gotta go work soon 
gotta go! I have to study hard for the next exam 
Gotta Go! School 2morrow  Early mornings are just sad! And wearing UNIFORMS?!?
Gotta go, I have course tomorrow  Goodnight and nice dreams!!!
Gotta grab something nice to wear for a luncheon with my doctor... i've got difficulties in defining the 'nice' word though 
gotta love @spotify, too bad it isn't available in the netherlands (yet)  Come on guys, you can do it!
Gotta love closing shifts especially when you have an opening shift the next day.... 
gotta love doing CT scans at 4am. 
gotta love having a headache during an electronics lecture... 
gotta love how im waking home at midnite. dangggg pray for mr. im so jumpy 
gotta love it when the meds they put you on to help make you sick! 
Gotta love it when ur dad doesnt have enough time for you on Fathers day... So much for taking him to ICE AGE 3. 
gotta love staying home cause your sick and theres nothing to eat or drink lefted 
Gotta love summer break, full of work, work, work 
Gotta love that summer cold... my head and throat are killing me!!! 
Gotta love the 91 traffic! 
gotta love the new Chanel NÂº5 ad. If only life was like this in the real world!  http://bit.ly/liHY4
Gotta love the Power items on Pokemon, makes Eving a Breeze. Too bad I only have one of them 
gotta love west side story. i will try not to cry 
Gotta love working 7 days a week..... Bright side..... At least I have a job.. My favorite morning show doesn't. 
gotta mow the lawn 
Gotta pack for newquay tomoz. Five and a half hour car drive.     
Gotta practice bowling tonight! My average is dropping rapidly. 
gotta prepare for school tomorrow  .. nighty night (: â™¥
gotta prepare for the second fase of exams.. 
Gotta put the bike up for awhile ... again!!  (near the golfclubs!) http://twitpic.com/5oxbr
gotta remind myself 2 vote for miley n also study for SS english+science. going to piano, didn't do my homework 
Gotta run sometime today 2day 
gotta say loving this weather im all burnt  hate being at work when its so nice out wanna bne in the back garden chilling x
Gotta sleep, and then off to work 
Gotta smack myself for missing out on the listening party for fashawn I know that shit had to been dope 
Gotta start getting ready for my little cousins bday party... I'm so tired   Had a rough night... Drank more then I should have!
gotta start packing for San Diego.  Wish I could stay in the 505 a little longer 
gotta stop thinking they're watching me. its getting kinda annoying. i dont no how i will stop it though 
Gotta study but don't wanna  can I just keep watching deal or no deal?
Gotta study for my french test. 
Gotta suspend my yoga account for another 2 months  I miss hatha1 heaps already..
gotta take my cat a bath 
Gotta take my laptop in tomorrow.. Sad about it! 
gotta take shower now 
Gotta tooth ache... On my way to the dentist... 
Gotta unpack &amp; sort out all the stuffs from yesterday.I desperately need a new makeup bag/box.And oso throw away sum old junks! 
Gotta wait a whole month till the new all time low album 
gotta wait till june 7 to see next JONAS ep!! F*CK DISNEY!!  well at least june is gonna be awesome: JONAS, new album, 3d movie dvd, tour.
Gotta wait till this evening to get iPhone 3.0 software update 
gotta wake up earley tomorrow 
Gotta wake up early and be a roof builder guy.  Ugh.  
Gotta wake up early and go to work.  Ya'll have a good night. I'm goin to sleep. Nighty night everyone! 
gotta wake up early tomorrow but i dont want to sleep 
gotta wake up very early tomorrow 
Gotta work 2nite 2 ya'll  i always miss the good games
gotta work 5 to 10 tommorw so now show  out 2 dinner with the fam now... call/text later
Gotta work again 
gotta work early tonight 
@coollike WHY NOT NEW YORK 
@Coolme Everyones busy  or grounded lol
@coolokc work  soooo tired- am i still doing ur show?
@coolphotoideas I would suppose so! Sadly the time has come that I've been learning some Actionscript 3. Work duty is requiring that one. 
@coolphotoideas Sorry to hear that 
@coolrewards - it took me ages about 30mins 
@coolrewards ah, no experience with upgrading  I use Web Designer version but only one client who uses it and they've always had catalog
@coolsmurf ... you moved a whole house?! super alvin  you missed a good show tonight.
@CoolTails Apperently its paypay for you ukers 
@cooltripper We just had some downtown, for about an hour. No rain in Redmond right now. 
@coolvsratednext tooth ache headache 
@Coolway888 He didn't share 
@Coolway888 Just more rain 
@coooney Rosieee i miss her.  She leaves lovely statuses to her fans on Facebook, and I want her to be on BB every year. 
@coopermoto LONG time to ge on hold lol I was told 10 days + also had 2 have a credit check because I'm a new customer and trading &lt;1year 
@cooperosie sadly, my doctor was a middleage chinese man 
@coopertreez: aww I'm going out of town for the weekend  sorry but have fun and take shots for me lol
@coops819 he died silly. 
@Coopthepoo Not anymore 
@CooterTV I actually don't know the answer to that. 
@Cootsiepoots  me come visit soon?
@Cootsiepoots nope! I love your creepy i wish i could have more of it 
@copelandband can you guys just sing me to sleep.....please 
@copicmarker link no worky! 
@copiirighted lol nice. i dont want to be disowned!!  u make me sad~Liz
@coplandmj ain't my friend no more, she didn't even get me an easter egg 
@copperbrickroad I broke my foot and tore my calf muscle playing volleyball with the college girls.  @Toni_GPB put a nix to me playing! 
@CopperCrimeStpr not at all. I think I'm broken. 
@CopperSoul - oh, i also need that person's b-day (or sign) to complete it. still at work though...   - pulling another late nighter.
@CopTheTruth I've been told!! LOL see...I'm so boring I don't even keep up with HP!!! *sigh* 
@CopyAndChase oh  i was lookin forward to it :|
@COPYWRITE sendin some love your way!! missin fam is never fun 
@coquettishrose lsfkjlj oh god go to bed  not that this isn't a++
@coquinamcb i'm waiting to hear more but so far he's okay just bleeding from the face 
@CoraB checked out the MAC site. I see no where to enter that code. 
@Corbinharris 14  I can never ever ever get SBs in my size
@corbthfrog That really sucks   how long have you worked there?
@cordcedeno awww thanks cordy i wont be able to see it til thursday tho bc i dont have a computer! 
@corderoy my friend is moving one. she can be mean but I met her in kindergarten. 
@corduroy No easy way to change at present  Best to order a new NakedExtreme service, once it's running cancel the Naked service.
@core_APPLER LOL. If I could I would! Wait can u fedex food? Coast to coast? lmao. where's my sunrise pic?!? U slackin 
@coreconnex that link didnt work   send again.
@coren42 But you said it's console-only ...so why bother looking? &lt;shrug&gt; 
@coren42 Meh. It looks good. I just am not getting my hopes up about a PC-release. I get so tired of these companies pulling this crap! 
@Corey_Cochran Hi Corey.. just saw your reply now.. here it is 5:30PM .. an I have a long night coming... 
@coreyann what's your recipe?!  I've been looking for a good one b/c andy loves ribs but none have turned out that great. 
@coreycitron I second that! Being we're both at the beach it is worse for us than the inlanders, the sun tried for minute in SD buy lost 
@coreydance I'm sowwy work sucks today baby boy  At least I came by and visited!! How 'bout I forgot to buy extensions...ugh.
@CoreyDTT I remember MASK! I even had a MASK lunchbox for school! No one else I've ever asked remembers it though 
@coreygrandy Aaaannd.. Becca's Mom has decided to not let her go. I'm sorry 
@coreyhathorn asjkdf, way to be a bro.  I wanna see it.
@coreyhathorn haha, nice. I can't go to sleep. 
@Coreyisyourhero  sleep then?
@coreyjrush i was gunna invite you to dinner but i thought you may have been busy assignmenting 
@coreykingston1 so jealous 
@CoreyKlein  cheer up buttercup
@CoreyLatif i know no more airport run ins  where u at right now? im in nyc till the 15th .. if ur here let me know
@CoreyLay: Are you talking about me?! 
@coreyownsme: I'll be doing homework most of the day so I feel your pain. And andrew won't be here all day since he is working 
@CoreyQuinones it sucks!!!!! 
@coreyskort bah thats crazy-ness.. now i wanna go back 
@coreyskort morning corey.  I'm at work, how good do you think I am 
@CoreySzn Missed it. Too out of it last night to keep the fuckers from playing Left 4 Dead on the designated hockey tv 
@coreytiger thanx  ...
@corie_michele i bet u he's still here in ny.. he would most likely be asleep 
@corie_michele i know, but i was just on tom's page and i remembered the last time he was here.. 
@coriluvnthedon yeah and No Peeing allowed!! Lmao  So the girls that took my pics with Rob and Ethan still haven't sent me them!!! 
@corinator ohh shiiiiit that's gay! we need you there.  change the date then? lol
@corky1994 for you the hand gestures are completely over, this is just because it is you.. sorry i didn't wait for you today babyface 
@CorkyBallas OMG 
@CorkyCrazysauce and what really makes it sad is that she died only 7 hours later 
@CorkyIsCrazy  aww.  courtney, are you okay?
@CorkyIsCrazy yea, it's a little sad  and I can't even find some people on myspace anymore. no, but i have SAT &gt;&lt; oh, a lots been up. PM?
@corkyloowho me too 
@cormacj http://twitpic.com/7qk6x - You went without me.  Now I'm bummed. Did they have anything especially good?
@corneliu Heyy.. you aren't following me so I can't DM.. 
@CornellD I can't get anywhere near that score, struggling to get close to my own record! 
@corney  Though, I'm slightly worried that you were so offended by the insinuation that you worked in PR... 
@CornHazard Keep up the great work Marc! Miss you bud! You certainly have a servants heart. Did you hear Buddy is no longer with us?  Sad.
@cornish_cookie  Don't give up!
@cornywallis uh oh 
@corporalpayne  That shit doesn't work.  That's why my kitty got declawed.  
@Corrievogue ugh he promised he would let me kno 
@CorrieVogue your breaking my heart corrie  text me later I wanna see you !
@CorrinRenee awww! my dog woke me up at 6:30 this morning and i havent been able to get back to sleep  He's a mini dachshund too!
@corrinschlecht2 I'm sad you guys won't be able to go to Africa.   I know you were really excited about it.
@CortanaV its still not working 
@Cortista Yeah i know  sorry so late responding...
@Cortnee4Christ Oh I don't think I'm awesome. I'm laying on the couch like a big lazy blob. I'm going to bed by 8:30 p.m. too. 
@cortneybadessa wheres beer for me 
@cortneyofeden Both of our cherry trees died of a root disease they were developing when we moved in  And we're in cherry *central*. 
@corvida @twitter I'm having a problem with followers not being added too... 
@Cory_in_PDX what!...so sad  there goes another good actor
@Corycm You have Baker's Square?  I'm envious. We ate there in California and it was wonderful.  Perkins is the &quot;pie of record&quot; here, but 
@corycupcakes btw, do you have a gym membership yet? i'm so tired of going there by myself! 
@coryjay lmao yes Cory a Bbq! it was dope too...I still can't believe the depression that movie we saw the other day was on me 
@corymiller303 bummed   next time , next time for sure
@corymorton give me a smile, I haven't had one in days 
@coryoguinn haha me too. But no I was in class. I was really sad!  maybe it will rain tomorrow! Lol
@CoryTee 
@CoryTee Eww now I don't want to eat there  maybe its cause you haven't eaten like anything
@corywhorey super annoyed at this twitter phone thing, i cant @ someone i'm confused 
@coryy_x Now I'm even more jealous mine doesn't have a pull string 
@Cos - audiomulch! I used to have that, it was great fun thnx for that news &amp; a mac version 2? Damn, I just saw how much they want 4 it! 
@cosleia ...would you please bring me 2 - 28oz boxes of Cream of Wheat? I have ONE serving left &amp; forgot to get it when I was there. 
@cosmetic_candy haha it really does suck doesn't it!   do tablets work for you?
@CosmetikJunkiee I found it searchn hello kitty om flickr it didn't sayyyyy  if I find it ill let u know
@CosmicCharlie97 bad economy, eliminating people, blah blah. I will miss you guys too 
@CosmicGirl_x Why must you make getting up earlier seem more appealing to me, you heartless fiend? 
@CosmicMother Any idea what the future holds for a broken hearted Scorpian?  I can't see anything but a big black hole in front of me 
@CosmicMother I can't upload anything from You Tube tonight 
@CosmicMother i did as they were the best flavoured ones!! sorry 
@CosmicMother There are 5of us and the single has already been released and funds are already going to NSPCC.   Just need to a way of ..
@cosmodaddy  thanks. i think i had that until recently. it's so annoying. i can't twitter without a good phone app 
@CosmoDCgal lucky you, I will be here in hell at least until Tuesday or Wednesday.  I just want to get out of here asap, its lonely 
@CosmoDCgal she's ok but i just dont want to always be with her.  and right now shes down stairs in the bar probably getting drunk 
@CosmopolitanUK have you tried the Kschocolat Dipping Easter Eggs http://is.gd/raZl not the best though 
@cosmorays YESYESYES,budden I need the ribbon.It has run out of ink. 
@CosmosGirl Hey, I only see an image. 
@cosmosveganshop @chicagosoydairy can't wait to nom on my first batch of Dandies in a few days! Why can't McKinney be next to Hotlanta 
@cosmosveganshop wow that came up quick! I was supposed to participate but completely forgot to get on the email list 
@CoSpgsParanorm left out again 
@cosRobPerkins ..but I don't want to say proper goodbye to further  I can't, yet. It's so much harder than I thought. You, Cheston, Guv 
@cosRobPerkins They haven't told me hahaa...I'm there right at the beginning but I did say I only wanted to do a couple of hours  Why?
@cosRobPerkins well, i'm not going to see you for a week now  so when I get back?
@cosryan Oh no did I put the wrong name on it!? 
@cottoncandizzle Ur SO right.. I wish I was in NYC, too.. Or Los Angeles.. Las Vegas.. Awww &lt;/3 
@CottonCandyCuNT i already gave u it i dont go on it do i 
@cotweet searching users is a very helpful feature but too bad it doesn't work  been &quot;loading from twitter&quot; forever...
@coucheravecmoii hey mama!!!! we missed you last night 
@cougarxtine that makes me sad! I'm here and You're not. 
@cougfanakd102 when do you need the JB videos for the DVD? I forgot the date and my computer won't let me get on YouTube 
@Coughe ouch 
@couliseaux   Hooray for living a life where you don't have to think about teeth.
@Countesscupcake awe yum.. i'm a bit useless this week, on contract by day, class by night, off nth on the weekend .. do they freeze? 
@countingcrows You don't look either happy or well  Hang in there hon &amp; good luck xxxxxx
@countingtofive I don't see tongue in the B/B kiss 
@countingtofive Oh you were a Dawson/Joey fan? Sorry. 
@Country1025WKLB Ugh my mom called 2say we migt go2 the concert but now I dnt think we can she works at comcast too!  gona b my bday gift
@Countrycutie84 I know! It's sooo sad  he just leaves her! It's not fair!
@countryfryed i can't add a picture 
@countrykev She must have one of those older dishes. These storms just pop up &amp; it'll go bye-bye! Once the sun came out, it came back! 
@COUPDELUMIERE See now i have lost my own image. I blame twitsgapo for this. Im desperate for a desta 
@couponprincess I don't think that Kate has ever been nice to Jon! 
@cour_x yeah...probably. Sigh 
@courgamm i'm going to try my best! Just because he mentioned it to me&amp;I didn't wanna say no   How can I tell Mitchel no!?!
@courosa can't even see the video of your keynote on campus. sth. blocked? 1st time for a stream. 
@Court2729 I'm sorry 
@court4305 OMG. I haven't heard that in a while...wonder what happened to him. Not approved! 
@CourtBethune for reals 
@courtcauth you were at the ex today?! i was too. to bad we didn't see eachother 
@CourtCosmetics heya, who's been giving you grief? 
@courtcothren we miss you... wish we could hear it.   Love, Chelsea &amp; DON
@CourtCourtz 
@courtfay ahh lets just say that spew happened 
@CourtHey idk man I haven't had one in years but I woke up yesterday and my left ear and the side of me neck were KILLING me 
@courtieshortie4 friday on mochaa and today soup 
@courtknee18u2 apparently we missed out on HANNAH PORNTANA 
@Courtkneefaye &amp;@spenbroke miss @shehaddiamonds too 
@courtknees I forgots what days you said u were free 
@Courtkneey ah, yah i wish i could go. 
@courtkp OH NO!!  sorry  how's DSs voice? you OK?
@courtlee SO jealous. They have Sonic commercials here, but no sonic. so lame. 
@cOurtnay21w  yea that woulda been cool... I'm a lil sick rite now  hope ur shift is good 
@CourtnessMonstr wtf is that? i miss you, best friend. 
@Courtney_17 Oh fucker. . . Cairon's gone    i'm soo sad kill the public they voted him out. . .
@courtney_mejer I couldn't remember what all the different cords meant. I lost half of them leaving the graduation anyway. 
@courtney_xxx out of shower , picked up phone, went to answer then it stopped ringing  i nearly cried lol.
@Courtney1201 you don't even understand what i did today. and i ahve to wake up at 7 am tomorrow! why must fun happen w/ out me  fml
@courtney319 Sad times.  Shoulda just started leaving them on benches with &quot;FREE!&quot; post-its on 'em ;)
@courtney4evrO_O samee 
@courtneybrown11 num jus chillin wit da cuz actin stupid lol. Feelin tired tho  how old r u ?
@CourtneyBrwn  awwww i had to work  glad he had a good time
@courtneyburger ya I have a final 145-345  but then I'm done forever! Until Monday 
@courtneychance Are you coming on the train or nottttttt ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
@courtneycompton haha. yeah, wtf. I decided on jeans and tee. &amp; i'm curious why we haven't hung out!  I'm sorry.
@courtneydenise yeah, that is a definite rape of your paycheck  that is ridiculous. hopefully you get a decent tax return then.
@CourtneyElie 
@courtneyforce Sorry Courtney -- geez, so close.  
@CourtneyHawke wish u lived closer I'd invite u out for lunch. I'm hungry 
@courtneyjj Thank you Courtney I miss you too  I still want to recreate you passing out after giving blood  Eat an orange! :-P
@courtneyjoy At least we tried 
@courtneylovecob hi! too bad about your twitter account  Have a chance to look at the bodysuit sketches? Let me know!
@courtneylutz  LOVE you
@courtneymarie11 im sorry you don't feel good!!!! 
@courtneymariee AIM please 
@CourtneyREADs lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua
@CourtneySit Hey are you quiet today or is it me...work was nuts today...no tweeting time 
@courtneystorrie Haha i know dude its so awesome! This is the last of my trips though til october. 
@courtneythe1st  
@Courtneyyy3 @Jennaa17 it's sad that I can't talk to you in ALO  MBO or GGO?
@courtneyyy3 a huge inside joke w/ him and I. That's why I said andrew,but yea. I'm sorrrry. 
@courtneyyy3 ok i miss this http://bit.ly/mHYT2  
@courtneyyy3 well thats not good 
@courtneyzanetti dad commandeered the tv 
@CourtneyZito me too the problem i'm working 
@courtpassant I actually bought a Slingbox last week but don't think I'm going to keep it. Need too many other connectors, not worth it. 
@courtrex My last gf had a real beard, my family were overjoyed when I brought her to a family meal. I wanted to be a wrestler also 
@courts93    Oww courtneyyy  finee tell her seein as ur in da sme lesson okayy (: wah u do DO SOME WORK LOL
@courtstaggs it says its down for maintence everytime i go to it  are u able to watch it right now?
@cousto Well I just had to muster this morning. But I have watch tomorrow night 16-24  Boo!
@cousto yeah I couldn't do that.  I really wanted to talk to ash too.
@couture aw, I just left there. 
@couture basically.  - I'll be 21 with saggy ass tits if I don't get this bra shit together.
@couturefreak awww!  Sorry sweetheart!  I knew that couldn't have been you 
@couturekels lmfao i know . smh i went  in 
@couver87 how come that everytime I'm online you are not and vice versa??? 
@Coventry_Guide Up here in Cov's North-East corner we do have some sun - just tree bending wind with it too I'm afraid 
@CoverGirl_76 it scared me and now I can't go back to sleep!!!  can't find where it went either...
@CoverGirl_76 oh no sorry just the ones i found. 
@Covergirl1985 can u tell the guys im comin too? 
@Covergirl1985 Don't make me get teary-eyed. @JonathanRKnight first saying that was not a pleasant early bday present!  Love you too!
@Covergirl1985 S'ok, I was confused for a moment. I have to agree that ur dad sure could've timed the announcement @ a diff. time though. 
@covergurlnae it sucks cuz I called them for the same shit when I changed my phone n they couldn't do anything 
@CovertStar you need to go. 
@cow_grrrl i wont either 
@cow_grrrl I'm sure they do. Wouldn't mind a bundle of fluff except I'm allergic to them 
@CowbellKid I do but, I still have an hour till lunchtime   Where ya going?
@Cowbelly I should add, I'm not a doc, lol just speak on past experience. It is not a fun feeling to have!   http://myloc.me/4dss
@cowboybubba Thanks Hun. Yeah, Sammy is definitely a part of the family.  I really hope he pulls through this, hurts me seeing him suffer 
@COWBOYJDANOS last nite I had my fill of beer. Tonite it's all about getting ready for Monday. 
@CoxTech1 oops. I mean to put a sad face.   lol
@coxys_opinions both! you weren't very warm tho  it's blitz is one of our favourite records of 09
going bk home 2day  wish i hadn't drank so much last night
Going bloody insane listening to the buzz from the sky box. Can't get it to stop arh!! 
going bowling; &amp;sunburnt 
going camping in a coupla hours. gotta pack everything... by myself 
Going camping this weekend  I'll be away from all my tech for 3 days  Maybe that's a good thing...
Going camping to the land of no cell phone signal.  Be back Sunday night. 
Going coaching this afternoon, i dont want to go  x
going college 
Going crazy for not getting any update... 
going crazy on his semesterproject... it's not working anymore... 
going crazy with work from school 
going crazy. prod and illus day ... i hate wednesdays! 
going dancing....last time at the Cock and Tail 
Going down to rockaway beach for prob the last time. 
Going down to San Fran on Sunday to chill with @ppmoocowpp cant wait. But for now off to work. 
going down town all alone today  wish my bff was here!
Going down town.. missed the 5a.. so on the 980 
Going down, going down going down! 
going downhill again... 
going downstairs to persuade my family to take me out somewhere i'm bored 
Going downstairs to the deli to get a ham/egg/cheese croissaint..FAIL! After all the working out this week! 
going drinking tonight... drinking away the blues......  
Going en famille to the Darlo v Allstars fundraiser today. Sadly Beardsley dropped out  - he was main reason for going 
Going fishing wif e boys later. Have a great weekend everyone. Can't wait for ring tomorrow but am going to Malaysia. 
going fishing with my dad for father's day and missing Joshua already   2 more weeks til I see my baby again &lt;333
going for a beer.......alone 
going for a cup of coffea or I'll be sleeping in no time 
going for a japanese green tea. (And my web hosting is down  ) http://bit.ly/8PZL7
going for a medical appointment... Have to deal with one nagging medical problem... 
Going for a much needed run on the treadmill. I am so out of shape 
Going for a nap. This bed is missing suthin 
going for a ride i hate my legs 
Going for a run later 
going for a run today..but its raining  must prepare for race next week though!!
Going for a run. I need a running buddy   I think I'll take coco
going for a shower before i have to go to work!  another 5 hours out of my life i'll never get back!
Facebook troubled too much..... Restricting me to play Mafia War  
Facebook URL, check! Twitterific hit by bug, check! 
facebook was being gay  but not gay enough to go back to studyyyy
facebook wiki down 
Facebook will not let me upload picturess 
Facebook won't let me change my name to Don SeÃ±or  #Methinks they're jealous of my kewl name
facebook won't let me change the default picture 
facebook wont let me go on notifications thing, and i know i have them. arghh 
facebook won't upload my picture 
Facebook, why don't you want to work? 
Facebook, you're not helping me today  I'm trying to upload my graduation pictures, but you're not being too receptive. C'mon, please? :'(
Facebook.com isint letting me change my profile picture 
Facebook: Leigh is at home. didn't go to the truth project tonight  but I did find the car that I want.
Facebook-ing LOL then botcha then house chores grrr somebody gotta do it   http://myloc.me/26BM
facebook's acting stupid again. 
facebooks being an arse haha !! 
facebook's being gay, won't let me log in 
faceboook is dead 
Facing the &quot;what to make for dinner&quot; issue again 
facing the consequences of speaking truths 
Facing tons of problem in resizing images... 
Fack. Some of u just slept. Im now wakIng up for work 
fackin bored. 
facking betwittered &gt;:\ stop eating/escaping my characters!! 
FACT : Today didn't go as i planned , No Pictures again  worst day ever . sortof , anyway i still Lovee you Nick , Joe and Kevin . &lt; 3
Fact :3 mobile are as much use as a an expenses claim in Westminster. 
FACT 1: iHate DirecTV OnDemand w/a passion that burns w/the white hot intensity of 1000 suns. FACT 2: iMiss Comcast. Like a lot 
FACT: Alex Can't Go To TGP 
Fact: Do not drink pub squash  (Lemon drink) After eating ice cream.... iurghjdhtjihtfh ONE WORD!, Terrible 
Fact: Tyra Banks is stupid    Fact#2: I have to study 
Fail  I need a new straightner...
Fail attempt to post pic from phone is fail. 
FAIL FAIL FAIL today. ABC starts again on Monday. Can I call this week practise?  I'm so fat and I have no scales.
fail of the year - not booking Glasto ticket, so I could afford Tobago air fare. Then splitting up with bloke I was going to Tobago with. 
Fail Sharon is Fail 
FAIL Tweets: psychology exam tomorrow, haven't revised at all. like literally  this sucks im going.. http://tinyurl.com/qyaucd
Fail whale all morning 
FAIL WHALE. 
FAIL! @leaisonfiyerrr: Photo: Me ï¿½endorsingï¿½ Coke Light. Failure.  http://tumblr.com/xlr1wn7xy
FAIL! @NJClare: Hey - BGT yay, at least Julien got a contract 3rd place - i loved him &quot;im a failure&quot; wahhhhhhh  cant wait till summer -â€¦
FAIL! @Patrixiea: I failed!! He kissed another girl that was my friend..I'm sad now 
FAIL! @srhcrly: Oh. Freaking duh. Just subtract 18 from 39. Jesus, and I'm signed up to take AP Algebra 2. I'm going to fail. 
FAIL! @sugarlessgrl: #f1 Ferrari seemed lost, no gains  *sigh* surprised by Brawn's first failure, but it's still Button-domination #maâ€¦
FAIL! @trishofthetrade: @SuperUber7 PS - my cowbell stayed in my bag for the whole of #Bonnaroo. I fail. 
FAIL! @unictteam09: due to several failures IANO failed the second match! only two points... 
FAIL! have to send my projector in to get fixed 
Fail. Found a place a 10 minute walk away from my house which sells *most* of the beers that I dragged all the way back from Belgium 
Fail. I need to register for classes 
fail. mr ray has no pics on FB from when they went to visit Brooke. 
fail. There are 2 buses going to dublin airport. Catherine is on the other one.  booo
failed  ã?¨ã?„ã?£ã?¦è?½ã?¡ã‚‹ã€‚ã‚«ãƒ¯ãƒ¦ã‚¹
failed @nuraliaa 's test on facebook 
failed again on job search in Denver  poop! maybe wait until next move, maybe new city, maybe new job  tired of the doggie daycare 
failed at making a star...it ended up in 2 pieces 
Failed attempt at booting to a flash drive. Then failed attempt at switching a production site to a new DB engine. Evening is 0 for 2. 
Failed cupcakes and a boring Friday night make me a very sad panda 
failed history, mom gonna kill me, dad too 
Failed making packet mac&amp;cheese. How does one fail making packet mac&amp;cheese? Lol 
failed miserably at the friendship bracelet  still need a home for little bella.
going for another week... 
going for my break then be near hom time, no basking by the river this aft tho not so nice today 
going for my break then be near hometime, no basking by the river for me this aft not so nice today 
Going for my first swim in months. How many laps will I do? I'm thinking 10 tops 
Going for pizza with the fam. Miss my dog 
going for the 8th time in search for a dress .. 
going for work now. 
Going from coffee, news and computer to getting ready for work 
Going going back to Cali 
going going gone. off to do some errands! damn it's raining  twitter later!
Going Grand Designs show now but the weather looks so crap. 
going grocery shopping...wish i was shoe shopping  lol
Going home 
Going home  http://twitpic.com/6b155
Going home  ugh i'm tired!
Going home after a short but exhausting day! Miss u Bestie 
going home after dinner and starbucks. I was treated to it since i'm broke. 
Going home after hard work 
going home again today  I wanna stay here!!! 7 weeks until I go back here again!
Going home and to bed!!! School n work tomorrow. 
Going home but will be back! After I get groceries and stuff 
Going home delgadito has work at 730  kisses love you!
failed my exam twice now  will try again tomorrow
Failed my maths exam, calculator broke after question 4!!!  ah well I will live ... Gutted though 
failed the bio regents, i know it. and&amp; i rushed thru it to see @jonasbrothers but found out they weren't coming till 2am. FML 
failed the cold war test 
failed to get blizzcon tickets once again 
failed to pirate some movies from sir esty. 
failing at finding a decent apartment for a reasonable price.  
failing at talking Gabe into going on any kind of vacation....should be a fun filled summer... 
Failing is never an easy task to handle! 
Failing school. I want to move house and/or school plz. 
Failing to deploy to new VPS. GitHub/Capistrano problems - remote says 'git ls-remote &lt;github repo&gt;' command not found.. any ideas? 
fails at everything possibly to fail at. 
fails at making homemade tacos  running today was pretty intense, the heat that is... G onna start my essay on &quot;The Breakfast Club&quot;
Failure. *sobs* My mom is against buying stuff online. 
Faint because of blood-injection injury phobia. 
fainted for the first time ever today :O .....so scary.... hit my arm/elbow while doing it and it has cause me pain 
Fainted this morning and has been told by her dad shes not allowed out of bed 
Fair play to SuBo. She was excellent last night, I have to say. I still really like Shaheen Jafargholi!  And Shaun Smith. Give up rugby!
Fair week starts tomorrow PUMPED! Babe made it to Kansas but i still dont know if hes coming home! Praying like no other  I MISS HIM
fairly certain that both my feet/ankles are swollen today  Oh for a chance to rest.
Fairly disappointed at frisbee loss... 
fairplay to all you WP theme developers, tried to create a theme from scratch about 3 times and it's one of the hardest things ever. 
Fairwell Southampton for another year! Its been Great! Good times and bad but i am feeling sad to leave 
Faith is trust in God when you do not understand. Sleepy &amp; Such 
faith no more at the corn exchange! tickets go on sale when i'm in france  someone fancy being my new best mate by getting me 2
Going home early today, really hate all this rain! Where is the summer? 
going home from school..math was easier than english.. 
Going home from the guys adventure. It was awesome except i got burnt 
Going home from work and my back hurts again! Ayeeee 
Going home in a few minutes. Didn't cosplay today. Broodje frikadel is yummy, I want another one 
Going home in just under an hour. And I have homework 
Going home leaving thestudioo  tiredd
Going home now.. Empty handed 
Going home on the bus 
Going home sick  throat is so swollen I can hardly breathe. And DON'SAY SWINE FLU. urgh
going home soon  i love it hereeeee
going home to a blue lancashire 
Going home to drop off my books then going to my physics lab. I want sleep  can't wait for long weekend!
going home to long island to get a cat scan ....because all the sudden i cant bend over my back is killing me 
Going home to Sydney tomorrow. I hope I won't get too bored at home, also, I have a strange feeling I will miss people in Canberra a lot 
going home today  dont wanna. . school tom as well *sighs*
Going home tomorow   Oh well gonna enjoy my last day in the spanish sun!!
going home! ah, I don't want to leave Paris 
Going home, finished with the accountants for one week... need to study for my exam though  Home needs some work done too...
Going home. I hate this  I just feel like nothing is going right.
Going home. Relax..watch a movie..or work on my dumb projects 
going home. ugh im tired of work! 
Going home... back tonight 
going home... have a headache 
Going in after this horrible cigarette 
Going in to work instead of snuggling with Jon.   Boo.
going insane trying to upload my profile pic on twitter!  finally!!!!!
Going into school....it was a short lived senior skip day 
Going into town today. Might get steaming, dunno. Last day off before full time work for 3 and a half months 
Going into work at 5:00 AM is going to be awesome 
Going into work fawk!!!!    
going into work late today. have to stay til 5. that's almost a normal schedule. lame. 
going joggin on my jacks... 
going leavers mass today 
going mimis now. it was a pretty good sunday. Night world. like anyone cares. i have no followers. 
going mimis....super stressed out 
going now  bye followers. see ya tomorrow! #KevinJonas 
going now to haul Beau to the vet. it's too early for this 
Going now.  I have to be early for school. Advanced goodnight, loves. &lt;3
going now.. need to do some last minute cramming!! 
Going nutz at home cant sleep 
going off line for a bit - will log in via other 'broken' computer - whilst I ry and fix the wireless connection 
going off now. bb :* i will miss u! 
going off the deep end. im serious this is a twit-castrophe. 
going on 2 weeks since ive been in the hospital....i miss my kittys! 
going on a bikeride now i need some freshair im becoming lazy 
Going on a Dimitri's run before they close this Sunday. 
Going on a hike with sabby. We both need it. Back to work at 6 
Going on a road trip tomorrow and so hung over   it's my own stupid fault too!
Going on a walk thru in Seattle.  Almost 30 days of no rain in Seattle but it looks like it might end today 
going on camp until friday how lovely! i won't tweet until then 
Going on day 3 w/ no txt...haven't spoke to him in almost 2 wks 
going on holidays with my friend tomorrow exited but no twitter 
Going on msn, talking to somewhone, pretending that i'm happy 
going ot the open air theatre tonight. the sky is looking very grey 
going out ... nothing to wear 
going out 2nite...work early tomorrow morning 
going out 4 sushi....YAY!!! we lost our softball playoffs... oh well 
going out cause i havent done homework yet  bye folks o/
going out for a little bit. effin ear still hurts 
going out for dinner 2night with family i havent seen in ages,hoping my cousin will be there.i miss Anastasia 
Going out for dinner. Who can be bothered? 
going out for lunch .. i need fresh air 
Going out for lunch with mum, but I feel very sick and don't want to eat 
Going out in the sun now! But working. Going to miss Wimbledon 
going out in the sun soon. looove to the weather! after that i'm going to dance for the last time for this semester. sadface! 
going out is too much effort man  damn this week!!!
going out out for the first time in months. excited! too bad i'm sick  also, &quot;davy&quot; by coconut records is a great album
Going out plans scrapped. All dressed up for nothing 
going out sidee in dee cold. 
going out soon so no more twitter till i get home 
going out soon to go shopping then off to my cousins to baby sit for the night  when i tell you i'm baby sitting PLEASE SOMEONE TALK 2 ME!
Faithyhopes flatmates room was broken into last night and I obv slept better than I imagined as I never heard a thing 
Falcor just made shoo shoo on the rug 
Fall out boy are in my year book. but only @petewentz 
fall out boys's coming in tw. how cool is that? unfortunately i'll go to japan at that time. 
Fallen from second floor and have addres for 1 month 
falling asleep and waking to gun shots arent fun 
Falling asleep as I write out a cheat card 4 Algebra... I'm on the verge of bein done... by &quot;done&quot;... I mean halfway there  I'm Gonna cry!
falling asleep driving home .  - i hate driving . note to self when i become rich : hire a driver . gnite, world .
Falling asleep in car. Yawn. No school today, please. No calc final. 
Falling asleep with a box of Tresor in my hands, missing @kidemerson's birthday festivities 
falling asleep, not making it past midnight tonight 
falling asleep. wishing i could stay that way until 11 tomorrow 
falling in love ,tapi nasib dengerin dia curhat tentang tu cewe terus 
falling over the blokes toilets is not a nice place to fall....fucked up me knee. 
Fallout3 has so rar been amazing... And then the xbox crashed! Damn you microsoft!! 
false alarm wiv my sisters baby  wish it would hurry up and come lol
False alarm, folks. The pain is real, but apparently the contractions are not. 
False alarm. There was a mix-up and now I don't have to go in. Too bad I don't think I can fall back asleep. 
family and friends dinner at Eric's Hot Restauran. GOSH.. food there's so yummylicious! Prepare to gain 1 kg 
Family bbq. So tired yet just cooked for 14. I'm so going to sleep tonight. No terminator 
Family bike ride in park abandoned a few hundred yards in - daughter refused to ride new bike! Missed out on pub lunch 
Family day at church today, and my family will be at home. Jennifer's still recovering from her surgery. 
family dinners suck and i have to spend my saturday night at one  life just keeps getting better
family fish dies. Found him on the floor this morning. He's jumped out of the tank. poor little thing 
Family gathering's cancel, because I showed up late. Sowwy mommy  twittering and layin in mybed like the whales, with @AdistaKim
family get togethers make me sad to leave everyone 
family gone, skating postponed until tomorrow    oh well, i need to finish packing anywa
Family Guy - NOT funny joke tonight about the death of River Phoenix and his talented brother -   - Seth needs a slap
Family Guy vol. 7 comes out today.. too bad I can't go buy it yet. Grrr.. no spending!! 
Family Guy was not very funny tonight 
Family Guy wont b the same without ma boo 
family having pizza for dinner.  me? jello.  so not happy right now 
Family headed off to Philadelphia for 3 days - leaving me home alone 
family interventions suck ass 
Family is all gone now   now for a busy weekend of hockey and relay for life #fb
Family lunch at PANERA whhoooo. Not the whole family is here 
FAMILY NIGHT TONIGHT!!! no OCEAN BREEZE  ITS ok though.... hopefully corissa, kathryn and i could still do H2O fight lol and eat JUNK 
family night...no worship night 
Family over today so no more tweeting from me  
Going out to breakfast this morning, then laundry 
going out to celebrate Mother's day...but not with my mom 
going out to do my nailzz ^.~ Excited for transfomers my bro caught it last night alr 
going out to eat healthy indian food. Yum yum. And moving in ONE WEEK 
going out to eat. going to miss  a jousting contest on uo. 
Going out to get a fresh air yet i get polluted air 
Going out to lunch with my mommy. :] I can't get on stupid aim because i forgot my stupid ipod at my dads... sorry! 
Going out to lunch with the unofficial mother-in-law.  She bought cullen a tshirt.  
Going out to meet up with someone  this probably wont end well
Going out today! Just got to drag myself into a bath. Once I'm clean, I'll feel better. Know this... but am still tweeting not soaping 
family problems are the worst... especially when your parents hurt  
Family reunion...losing service as i enter the unknown 
Family took Rumzi to Spring Creek in Mansfield for his 32nd bd!  Can't find my glasses for reading.  
Family went home  sad, I miss them already
family's at the cubs game while i stay home to do homework and look for my cabaret costume  anyone have some 20s apparel i could borrow?
family's over to bad i cant stay 
famous chinese news reporter died from cancer at the age of 48 on june 1st my bday 
Fancy a Nando's - nearest one in Canterbury, so am denied today 
fanna head bac to brockett cant wait   i mistied yal 
Fantassising about being back in melbourne  i miss you!
fantastic race at the Belmont STakes!!!!! I had SUMMER BIRD/MINE THAT BIRD/  and missed my third horse for the TRIFECTA!!!  AHHHHHHH!!!!
going out tonight, FINALLY. i wanty lie in the park but... cinema bound it looks 
Going out with Ashley very soon. Headache be GONE! 
going out with girlfriend, shopping 
going out with the boys again. i don't even rmbr the last time my gfs wanted to go out with me 
Going outside to mow the grass   Be back later!
Going over my dad's today, then working on some stuff for my last two finals that are tomorrow. 
Going over my project presentation! I graduate next Friday!! woo!! ...but i'm missing @TaylorSwift13 &amp; @GlorianaBand in Greensboro,NC 
Going over poetry for wxam 2moro! 
Going over to a frnds house now to say gbye to his sis who's leavin fr london tonite.. Gbyes r hard 
Going Owt In A Bit Since Its Realii Sunny,,&amp; Try To Get A Tan (Not Gonna Happen,,Im Pale  ) lol!
Fantastic! Alice went from sleeping for 5-6 hours straight to waking every 2 hours. 
Fantasy writer David Eddings dies in Carson City home   http://ping.fm/sZ5jT
far out ! craving gummi bears..to be exact .. red gummi bears  !
far out twitter is complicated 
far too much diet coke today, I aint ever going to bed 
Far too warm, in a hurry and forgot my suncream  I am so nervous for this exam!!!!!
Far too warm... 
Farah Fawcett has died reports CNN 
Farcry 2 for me. Have to start it all over again! bummer 
Fare well, Mr. Leno.  So sorry to see you go.
Farewell final survivor of the Titanic  I think they were 97....
FAREWELL INTERNET  I'll be back on thursday!
Farewell NYC... It has definitely been real 
Farewell pensacola..I'm actually not ready to go.     not because of the city, but I'm not ready to leave my family.  I-10 here I come!
FAREWELL SHOW  RSVP!!  http://tinyurl.com/sefarewell
Farewell to fellow Twitter-ers in China  the Chinese Govt just banned Twitter, Flickr &amp; many others http://budurl.com/9yfa
Farkin-A... dremel + dura-ace crankset = hot knife through butter. SRM fixed 1 day late...  AH well... alll fixed for 3DT
Farrah faucett died this a.m 
Farrah Fawcett died at 9:30 this mornings. 
Farrah Fawcett died this morning. Sad. 
Farrah Fawcett died today at St. John's Health Center in Los Angeles after a courageous and lengthy battle with cancer. 
Farrah Fawcett died...  (Just got a breaking news alert from the Ottawa Citizen)
Farrah Fawcett died?  So sad, shes in Heaven now.
Farrah Fawcett has died  WE need to find a cure for cancer. Prayers to her family!
Farrah Fawcett has died from cancer at age 62.    The angel is the with the angels.
farrah fawcett has died...very sad 
Farrah Fawcett just passed away 
Going running. Had my last Korean language class today   Now I just gotta pack to go home and do one last thing in the lab. 
Going shell hunting with the fam. Super hot and probably wont get tan 
Going shooping with the Mother in an hour or so, havent been t'town on a Saturday in ages...it's gunna be busy isn't it? 
Going shopping 
Going shopping 2day. Its raining tho 
going shopping for army gear. am gonna look like such a butch lesbian tonight  darned fancy dress!!!!!
Going shopping for the party tonight,and some lame cleaning... Maybe a movie tonight with Nate... Haven't seen him all week 
going shopping soon. 
going shopping today ! after ortho 
going shopping today! (my favorite thing) and getting new wire for my braces...not my favorite thing 
Going shopping w/Leila this morning. Idk why but Cnt stop sneezing&amp;need somethin besides benadryl--diphenhydramine makes me super sleepy 
Going shopping! Bye Need to buy a box of mi-goreng yummy. Bad pancake day today 
Gotta work.  Lonely weekend ahead. 
gotta write a short script for history thing 
gotten halfway, configuring my xchat menu, now im reallyyyyyyyyyyyyyy tired &amp; I miss my girl 
gotting caught up on the hills...now time to get ready for wrk   sho cnt wait for this wrk day to be over....cum on 1115am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gotto work in 15 mins. Its fathers day so it'll be crowded 
gotz shin problems  lol
Gounded at home... food poisoning... 
GOV EXAM TODAY @ Oakland University!!!! AHHHHHH 
government done gone and took my baby! handing off a research project of two years to the main dev group for maintenance is difficult 
gp put or stay at home?? i dont know  
gppd tp be able to go back to zobel despite the loss  good games guys. i think the better teams (for the day) won
Gr, I got no outfit for my &quot;interview&quot; presentation. Need one 
Gr, I want to put Fight Club on my iPod but I don't think I have enough time to rip and convert. 
gr, iphone upgrade wiped my data 
Gr... come on already. I wanna watch the Mtv movie awards clearly on the tv here... online ones are cut short... 
gr8 Dodger game on rite now. But unfortunately the Dodgers just gave up a run    Phillies lead 3-2
gr8 may day in mbleshwar with an eclectic set of ZS'ers...the Mapro shake sucked though...fresh strawberry season over 
Gr8 Weekend Thanx to Poppy,Steph,Page &amp;+ Matt. Ly All  Cameron Clarke ILY But you dont Feel The Same Thats What Makes Me hate you   LY All
GR8... turns out, my gfx card blew up. need to buy a new one.  . There goes gaming for anthr week. 
graaaa arthurs making me get off. *sad face*  oh well i shall tweet later.
Graaargh! Sometimes noodles take bloody ages 
grabbin a take away and getting off to bed little one not to welll 
grabbing a bite at tim tim's. Ahhhh a loooong day of school ahead! I want dunkin' donuts 
@coy0te haha you're sounding more and more like something of man-izer! Hmm that doesn't work as well as womanizer 
@Coyotebones Basewall baseball holecats Ohz Noez! hey fruit IMY.... 
@CoyotegurlNikki It sucks because Im not sure I will see you until Tuesday 
@Coyy man they both had a meltdown at the party.  so stressful. They're usually very good babies.
@cozeny have not cheated yet ... so haven't finished either 
@Cozz awwwwh thats so sad  Is she quite shy then?
@Cozza85 We could all be in Kelly G right now 
@CP_Lover it takes ages 
@cpa13 I had a 'fully-loaded' Hot Dog with cheese fries - and now feel *very* full.  However, we ran out of bottles of water here.  
@CPaladino I love my Lycosa, but I'm about to return the second one because the touchpad doesn't work, first one flickered 
@cpasillas20 is a love em &amp; leave him type of guy. he love me long time 4 a few months on twitter, then he vanished. my heart = broken. 
@cpedraza yep, me too. That should save me an hour or so. Doesn't mean I'll be sleeping anytime soon, just off the docket. 
@cperezdetagle i didn't even see any sign of &quot;question mark&quot; today. I miss him  no, my friends kidnapped me and brought me into a hotel.
@cpfcrox they play as much as 20 different songs? really?? feels more liie 5 when i'm at work 
Grabbing a card for the bar mitzvah I am going to.  I've been told that writing Happy Day in the check memo field isn't good enough 
Grabbing some in and out before heading to the airport ... But I don't wannnna go to Chicago 
grabe walang makausap.  loner. hah!
grabe! quiz marathon this week. 
grace au blu ray, les grands ecrans sont trop petits... 
Grace is going to nursery today - last day ever b4 school!  http://bit.ly/oASlt. Mummy is gonna cry. Sadly I am at work 
GRACE WAKE UP 
Graces dad is dead and Grace didnt even get 2 make things right with her dad! Awwe! 
GRACIOUS! I didn't realize it was so late! 
Grad coming up, and i have absolutely bo idea as to what dress im going to wear. im like the only one that doesn't have a dress. 
grad is 2 days, this sucks. i don't want to leave just yet. 
grad party three was awesome, seniors will truly be missed 
grad rehearsals make me sleepy 
Grades r posted...don't wanna know what i got 
Grading the exams that I should have been grading for the last three days 
going shopping..yippee....id rather go to the driving range 
going soon to school, really don't want to in that beautiful weather 
Going stables soon!! So thought i would come on here &amp; find out how everyone is before i get ready?! ... Its really cold outside!!  ... x
going stir crazy here, going to bed, I have to have the escape at the dealership by 7:45, AND I still don't know if I have a job yet 
going swimming for all by myself  anyone wanna join me?!
going swimming on the lake. I wish I had a jetski 
Going through @ChicagoUrban's collection of juke music to see what I can use for an upcoming show.  I'm starting to get a migraine 
going through a break up 
going through all my old pics..i grew up too fast 
Going through depression. Although it's only been 1 day, this is the longest I've been without my car.  http://twitpic.com/5603v
Going through Grandma and Grandpa's house this afternoon...  ... Hopefully Dave will cheer me up after
going through laptop withdrawal 
Going through my papas stuff 
Going through my Rightmove rejects    Thats the thing with portal feeds, they all like a little bit of different information!
going through something 
Graduated last night....now everyone i care about is gone 
Graduated, yet I am still in a classroom 
Graduates from college in 27 days. Puuuumped. Moving to Chitown in 60? Let's hope...I need a job 
Graduating from high school tonight  im kind of sad..
graduating in an hour, dude. on the school's internet ONE LAST TIME.  
graduating tomorrow. not sure how i feel....kinda like something is missing 
graduation  party soon 
Graduation day 
graduation day an I have no clothes  life sucks
GRADUATION DAY for Chris!!!!  and it's overcast here in Victoria...  ah well!
Graduation day with rain. 
graduation day. please stop raining 
graduation in two days 
graduation is done  im a little sad.. anyone want to hang out???
graduation is in 3 hours and then grad night !! they aren't telling us where it's at until we GET there. and no phones allowed. 
graduation is inside. hailey is sad 
graduation is over  going to miss everyone&lt;3
Graduation is today. I have to work until 3  what was i thinking?
graduation just ended. suprised i haven't started crying yet 
farrah fawcett passed away  but her amazing story will live on.
Farrah Fawcett passed away...so sad 
Farrah Fawcett, you'll always be an angel to me 
Farrah Fawset died?!?! how sad! 
farrrk, trains arent running to melbourne on saturday  gonna have to hit up the ol' bus-ity bus, or else no all time low :O
farrrrk not gonna make it home in timeeeeeeee 
Farted on Nabs and woke us both up way to early 
FartWatch: Chillin with nigga Stanky. He farted, it stinks  http://cli.gs/TtZu27
fashion faux pas this morning... white socks w/ sandals. absentmindedly put on the sandals as i walked out the door 
fashion show was fuuuun! im gunna miss it!  i'll try &amp; get pictures later.
Fast and the furious 4 was awesome! But letty died 
fast forward to 3:30? I wanna sleep again 
Fastest hour of my life 
Fasting is hard.  My belly just had an earthquake 
fasting never lasts because i always drink on thursdays 
Fastpass for Buzz Lightyear for 11:50. Now to Carousel of Progress. It has started to rain and Monsters Laugh Floor isn't running?  #wdw
fat day, wearing bottom of the drawer crap because i've run out of clean clothes  my pants have cats on them- hope i don't get run over.
fat day. fat day. fat day. 
fat! ...I need to go on biggest looser! ...suffering post meat-fest, pork-knuckel, snitzel, bavarian sausages, pork belly  = sore belly 
Fatal Frame 3 - No mic tho.  #jtv http://justin.tv/femninja
Fatal Fury : Mark of the Wolves a enfin une date de sortie sur le Xbox Live, et Ã§a sera pour le 24 Juin prochain. Yeah ! et MvC2 ? 
Fatal metro train collision on the red line 
Fate/Destiny/Happiness/God HATE ME! What did I ever do? 
father in law just served mother in law w/ divorce papers totally out of the blue 
Father just won the new years eve card competition again  i bet its only becuase of business friendds  (Nonoko)
Graduation on Thursday, Graduation Ball on Friday. Excitement. But no time to play #Aion on Friday 
Graduation party in an hour. Presents presents presents! Then work 
Graduation partying. Ugh leave raking tmro.  band money. Oh well. Whatever.
Graduation practice  I'm gonna upload a new vid when I get home like noon.
graduation rehearsal tomorrow. and cleaning the house. finishing up packing up the rest of my house. 
Graduation Tomorrow er today. yikes. 
Graduation tomorrow.Im gonna miss my bitches especially @Megzakarockstar the one who gets my phone out of my pocket when my nails are wet 
graduation tonight, im so nervous!  class of 09 &lt;3
graduation was amazing. congrats closs of 2009.    but my guinea pig died last night  rip piggy http://tinyurl.com/m9xp7l
graduation was fun, but i'm going to miss a few people 
Graduation was fun. Ima miss all the seniors 
Graduation. So sad. 
graduation... 
graduationnn. then extremely boring night alone. fantastic 
Graham Greene... The Lawless Roads &amp; The Power and the Glory = my day 
Gramma died at 1:45 this morning. 
Gramma in the hospital&amp; i'm torn between 2  this is horrible!
'gran torino' must see film! it made me cry  haha
Grand major insomnia, 
Father keeps taking pics of me driving coz of funny expressions I make 
Father's Day &amp; our 6 year anniversary today.  Dad &amp; J are at church, I'm home with sick C. 
fathers day &lt;3 carnival was awsome with my ladys ;) will be doing tht again  its sunday! school tomorow  cba!
fathers day always makes me a lil glum, reminds me that my dad wont speak to me, yet speaks to my brothers and theres no reason for it 
Fathers Day came and went, 1 card or call, not much to ask, children can be so cruel at times 
father's day dinner was a disappointment. food tasted weird and below standard 
Father's Day gifts ready for church,-check, Sunday School Lesson  ready- check, songs picked out for service- check!  Bedtime- not yet 
Fathers Day is here and I can't even communicate with my sons  http://www.myspace.com/hope4fathers
Fathers Day is incredibly depressing. I miss my dad  I miss him more the older I get.
Father's Day just aint gunna be ANY fun, if some1 doesn't get me that #Ghostbusters video game t/m: http://tr.im/Gb360  /endsympathyparty
father's day suck 
Fathers day tomorrow and im a long way from home 
fathers day! Love u daddy...come home NOW!! 4 days...  ironic,,im listening to Hurt-Christina Aguilera
father's day! me and my  lil bro are taking dad to sammies..our grandpa used to take us there EVERY sat., I miss him  dearly 
Fathers day!!! My daddys in north Carolina  but I love and miss him!!
fatigue wins. @modernfuturist: I read your fb message but I closed the window and now you won't get a response for at least 8 hours. 
fatigued. have to write research paper and do french project tomorrow 
Fatty Crab is a big thumbs down 
FATTY! omg i just found the worst shit out and idk what to do i need to talk to you!! hopefully i see you when you get off work.  its badd
fav=talkin w/all my friends bout this guy tht keeps buggin us (mainly ME) haha least fav=when @tonfue left 2 hav fun  haha wish i could 2!
going to #boomnightclub for orange pride night, acoustic tunes by a sweet, yummy girl and visits with friends.. I have nothing to wear 
going to 24 hours to run! then lake for the day after i say goodbye to my baby 
going to a 9Am Stunt team meeting, on SUNDAY! 
going to a bridal shower today, looks like its going to rain 
going to a funeral 
going to a funeral tomorrow - its my first and really sad as a friend commited suicide  she was only 22 and stunning 
Going to a funeral with my friend.  
Going to a funeral... 
Going to a periodontist appt. 
Going to a superhero and villian themed party tonight. Do not know what to wear. 
Going to a wake of a dear friend Marlito Sy tonight in Novaliches 
going to a wake. 
Going to a wake. R.I.P. Mr. Gamboa 
Going to a wedding and the weather is looking... A bit grey 
Going to a wedding on Saturday. Just tried on a new outfit but I don't really like it. 
Going to abby's softball game tonight and mkssing the Lady Gators in college world series   &lt;GO GATORS&gt;
Going to airport in 1 hour. Can't find spinning pen 
going to airport... will be headed to DFW then DIA... goodbye Texas Tech! 
Going to Alton Towers next Wednesday and all of a sudden I've become really excited. Got to wait a week though 
going to amber's house tomorrow for her birthday with katrina, wish i could of gone to the rocky horror picture show tonight 
going to another random party. i'd rather be anti-social at home finishing cosplay 
Going to Ash's bday party.... but feeling a bit sick 
Going to AT&amp;T tomorrow to get a new iphone. Dropped mine in the toilet 
going to attempt to do some college work 
Going to attempt to lay down. im hot and dont feel good 
Favourite Paradisio moment:when one giraffe put its head under another's stream of urine and drank it. Refreshing! No video  #fb
FaxStory has not done the Profile Pic yet, Bad FaxStory 
FB #iPhone app is closing at random... again 
Fb In superTarget buying fruit &amp; veggie &quot;sushi&quot; rolls, what else is a vegan gal 2 do in the mid-west? 
FB is boring   and i wanna sing RIGHT NOW..! *-*
fb Rachael Vinas Fever  Warning:Flu is going around. http://tinyurl.com/mbw44h
FB-ing. No one to chat.... 
fck @mileycyrus for being in a dark room w nick ! turn the lights on! 
Fck shit damn. Worst cramps in the world. 
FCK! My phone is dying  like dying as in breaking. Fcking shitt!!!  I need a new phone.
FCP doesn't have curves.  I know it's in Color and stuff, but how can Apple leave such a standard and powerful tool out of FCP?
Fcuk nvm some car next to me ran it over 
fdhdfjdfhjd, i just dropped my laptop 
FDS acabou..  
Fe Fe got disconnected.. 
fear car wants to breakdown  not now pleasE!
Feas gone home now  i think im a bit obsessed with this twitter thing too :L xx
Grandad has lung cancer, Grandma's diagnosed bone cancer, and now aunt has been diagnosed with ovarian cancer.  Chillin' solo. 
Grandaddy I'm still your sorry knocker... I love you and you will be missed greatly. 
granddad got sick , no new bathroom for me today 
Granddaughter caught some kind of bug and can't keep anything down 
grandfather on his death bed  ... fml
grandma (father's side) will arrive in several minutes.... geezz!!!! we're going back to Sta. Mesa now.... awwww..... 
Grandma fell on floor. Just biked and picked her up. She's nor looking good. 
Grandma i wanted to pick my own pizza 
grandma is in the hospital again  so i get to play mom all day. siigh.
Grandma is out of surgery, hoping she gets better.... we get so fragile as we grow older.. 
Grandma isn't coming to Graduation anymore  ohno.
Grandma passed away last night. I'll really miss her but I'm glad she's no longer in pain. 
Grandma said it was inappropriate to eat tuna on the way to church, so now I'll be hungry till Sunday School 
Grandma's going to the hospital 
Grandma's nursing home/condo.   http://twurl.nl/ty17cl  One spiral fracture of the leg for grandma. 0 place to live. 
Grandparents, uncles, atnties, cousins, they're everywhere ! Save me  They be zleepin in mah house. I just wanna disappear right now... xD
Grandpas funeral  im lucky to have NWFC and kerrie hartnett as my support.
grandson is leaving austin tonight - 
Granny and Grandpa picked me up from school.....  always good J2O at the Wheatsheaf!!!.. then home for homework 
Going to Baruch's party where my fav people @sigourney @itsimanirose @jdwaynejoseph will be! Gonna miss u Baruch 
going to basketball in about 20 minutes  ugh don't want to go! save me
going to be a long day of shopping 
Going to be another boring day  I want to do something! On the other side... I like this new iTunes DJ! 
Going to be another busy and stressful weekend as usual :| 
Going to be at least wednesday til i have internet access again  do you all feel sorry for me?
Going to be counting my pennies for awhile. I'm going to have to pay the bulk of my car expenses and its 700 dollars 
Going to be home alone soon 
Going to be kid free until next friday..what to do, what to do? One week without my boo  but 
going to be offline. so lowbatt 
Going to be up late working tonight.   Sucks to be me some days!
Going to be working all day today  Can't wait til tomorrow so I can finally get stuck into reading Rimbaud - woohoo!
Going to bed  Got school tomorrow   Only 7 days of school left!!!
going to bed  i really want to sleep hahaha
going to bed . exam tomorrow 
going to bed ... 630am comes fast 
Going to bed ...... my new place is so quiet being alone isn't so fun at night 
feck i heard. 
Feck. Cute guy in shop a moment ago. I dropped a pile of books on my foot. Curse my clumsiness! 
Feck. I got a shock there looking at my bank balance.... 
Feck. The weekend needs reconfiguring. No sweat lodge 
Fecking laptop just can't take @rhubarbradio's livestream, so it's @thebigpaws listen again instead of Sunday Social live and direct. 
Fecking seagulls on my roof at 5am.....sounds like riverdance going on up there! 
Fed Aeden bout 11:30.. fell asleep while doing so.. DOH! Im soo sickie &amp; exhausted  I love you Richie &amp; Aeden! -Baby
Fed lost something in his game after the rain pause 
Fed up  x
F'ed up big time... Some things never change. 
Fed up cos crashed again at 3pm. Just got up. Such wasted hours. Wish i had more energy.  missed afternoon with OH
Fed up fed up fed up of being jobless and even more fed up that that's all I ever seem to go on about. FED UP 
fed up of bread after a Subway lunch y'day and a CCD sandwich today  ...definitely getting home food to work tomorrow
Fed up of feeling fed up  Wonder what tomorrow will be like ...not really looking forward to it but kinda am
Fed up of refreshing various sites. I'm switching PC off. Important stuff about #saintsfc only happens when I'm not looking anyway. 
Fed up of the formula 1  fed up of jensen button winning
Fed up of work now!  want to go home and watch nice movies on the sofa!
fed up to the back teeth  !!!!
Fed up today        No-one's available for comment
fed up with being single and being ignored by men on dating sites etc...it's all shite! Hate feeling lonely. All I want is a proper hug 
Fed up with getting my gaming orders cancelled  maybe i shld look for a pre-owned one instead.
Fed up with this day!!! oh!! bad day  tomorow is another day! see ya ;)
fed up. I can't talk, i keep fainting, i feel so unbelievably sick, and its actually killing me not being with you. 
Federal Student Loans are retarded. Stupid PIN number didn't work.  Will be living in Dillon 116 on August 29.
Federer 1 set away from getting sent home...  I was having a nap, I am unhappy with what I wake up to see http://tinyurl.com/ngo9oc
Federer down two sets to nil against Tommy Haas      #french open
Fedex was supposed to be here before 10:30-it is 10:45 and I need to leave for a shoot in 15... prob have to pick up laptop later. Sad 
Granny's going home tonight  will miss her a lot sighhh - http://tweet.sg
Granty is sicky  send him love
Graphic design is the most difficult task for me 
graphic novels cost a bomb 
GRAPHIC VIDEO. Girl dead on today's rally  http://bit.ly/5E8ur
graphical calculators cost nearly twice as much in germany compared to the us. Want a Casio FX-9860GII 
Graphics card don't work - some kind of conflict or something 
Graphics exam later   McFly on Saturday!! =D =D   x
graphics exam tomorrow though 
Graphics tablet stylus nowhere to be seen. 
GRAPHIC-Video-2 young Iranians shot, one of whom clearly dies: http://bit.ly/16NJm8 #iranelection Can someone confirm when this happened? 
Grappling with downgraded machine. Wish my company would let me buy my own machine if they can't provide one which works without failing 
Grass mowed. I can haz playtime now? No? @Nutzy2468 says we have errands to run 
grate working tomozo 11:00-8:30  wooo not  pizza all day
Gratuation was cute. Lots of kids. Funny dresses? Nice smiles. Went fast, they all seem so grown up  ...Rushed but made it to work on time
gravenight shift  ...im crazy I know...well get ready for my frequent tweets about tonight
Graveyard tonight 
Gravity rapes my n95 battery!  when i get the n97, i will get a spare battery, can you replace the iphone battery?
grazed my knuckle on the fridge door, spending the next 5 mins dabbing the blood off 
greaat..im sickk. but of course i still gotta go to school tomorrow cuz of science finals! 
Grease is over 
GREAT  Aparently my phone decided to jump outta my hands into the water.... Um, phones can't swim.  Now gotta revert to the razr
Great  since i told tht guy 2not txt me cuz i was busy w/ my sis's party &amp; not 2 txt me til friday, im gonna get an early good morning txt
Great  Working on Saturday
GREAT !  is making his slides fo tomorrow presentation . Nice job stupid teachers ! 
great ,, today im feeling sick 
fedex, why are you so slow? 
Feed Me Cheesy website will be down for a half the day, sorry to those who want to visit! 
Feed up now 
Feedback for the day: Improve time estimation  argh!
Feedback the bonus and promotion to 35 member 
Feeding libby .. Havent been to bed yet .. Its gonna be a really long day  and i wont get a nap .. Lame 
feeding my princess... 4am and im exhausted!!! 
feeding the neighbor's dog dog makes me miss my doggy 
feeeeeeeeeeeels hungover and like shittt! 
feeeeel like shit 
Feeeel sick ugh, so much to do by monday and so much on my mind 
feeeels so deaad  allow skoool tomarow.
Feeelin like a real bad person  i am pretty much horrible
Feeelin Pretty Shitty. All She Had to Do Was Txt me once to remind me why i fell For Her. Why Must She Fuck With me like This 
feeeling a little betterr but still sick  &amp; no voice. suuccks.  text mee &lt;3
feeellss like shit 
feeels like craaap!  I was sooo avoiding to get sick! grrr I feeel ssooo shitty being this sick and sitting here in the office.. 
feeels sick after eating &quot;cinema sweet&quot; popcorn. . . . .without the cinema 
Feeels sooo fcccked from a crazy ass night 
Feel a bit deflated coz i just took part in a drama and i knew it wasnt my best  but well dun to the rest of ma team 
feel a little bit lazy today, I don't want to work 
Feel all faint at the @passionpit and @harlemshakes show so am having to stand at the back. It's a first 
Feel all out of sorts this morning - can't concentrate properly to read and [comment or type even] 
feel another sore throat coming on. ugh 
Feel awful I just realized I was supposed to do something with a friend tonight!   Sorry A...
Feel awfulll - bad headache and I feel sick. IT'S SUMMER! I'm off to lie down 
Feel bad a kid in our region died the other day.... 
feel bad for @alexpolushkin he has to deal with my pre-menstral dysmorphic disorder  I'm legally insane &amp; can be aquitted for murder. xoxo
Feel bad for arguing with mummy.oh well.  hair dye!!!
Going to bed after a crazy night last night!! Working a double tomorrow 
going to bed after a long evening looking for my broken mini disk recorder.   Still didn't find it.
going to bed again.... 
Going to bed alone  I miss my Leeshy.
Going to bed alone again. 
Going to bed and most likely waking up at 5:34 again. (That's the sunrise in California) Oh how I wish I didn't have a  sunroof! 
going to bed another hot and humid day 
going to bed as working at 7am 
going to bed at 2:00... once again. 
Going to bed at 4 am?!? I don't do that anymore... 
Going to bed back to work tomorrow 
going to bed because I feel rotten and sick 
going to bed because i have to be at work at 6am 
going to bed becuz i have no bizness up. by the way im catsitting n my own cat is pissed off hes str8 ignoring me when i call him 
Going to bed creeped out because of the book im reading  lol just great.
going to bed cuz i have to work in the morning  and i failed at finding downloads. double  
Going to bed early on a saturday night....wtf!  Trying to get rid of this cold! 
Going to bed early!! Well, being a loser with romina &amp; watching the lifetime movie network...no words. Leaving Aruba Sunday 
Going to bed finally. Long day. Good day tho. Need to get back on my BCP's so I can be more mellow. 
going to bed for about three hours, so i can go back to work... again. 
going to bed had a bad day 
Going to bed hoping my dog will be better in the morning. Poor thing has been sick all day 
Great 3 day weekend! Now back to the grind! 
Great another day doing absolutely nothing in math class. 
Great BBQ but now so tired at work... Won't be done until 9:30 
great cafe, great coffee, ...lack of power adapter.  productivity fail 
Great church service this morning. Heading to my life group now. Rebecca has lost her voice so missed her first choir performance. 
great climbing tonight until i bruised my shin twice and hyperextended my elbow all on the same route. really hope it doesn't persist 
Great Clips next to Dierberg's in Creve Coeur has poor lighting and my shitty haircut shows it. 
great conference but no mass effect 2  nintendo and sony have to pull out something incredible to top that #e3
Great day but I got sunburned!! 
Going to bed in a bit. Need to revise 2moro. 
going to bed in a few minutes, i'm feeling horrible today 
going to bed its late and I have headache 
going to bed minimual work completed this wkend .. gonna be a long wk  .. still sick
going to bed nightt! might text tweet, dunno. have to be up at half 7 
Going to bed now  night all
going to bed now , headachees hurting  xoxo
going to bed now goodnight every one 
Going to bed now got school 2morrow and i have an exam. 
Going to bed now i have 3 exams 2moz  wish me luck im gonna need it nite nite x
Going to bed now! Tired and not feeling well 
Going to bed now, long day tomorrow  didnt finish project but will work hard tomorrow!
Going to bed now. I have to get up very early tomorrow morning.  The holidays are over 
going to bed now. I have to wake up at 6 AM. 
Going to bed now. Work in the morning. Missing someone. 
going to bed now.. NO  luck with finding the vintage brown eagle belt 
going to bed now...  will only get like 6 hours of sleep 
going to bed now...i pulled a muscle and my arm is hurting 
going to bed prettttty early. just have no energy. i need the sunnnn 
Going to bed rather annoyed. 
Feel bad for my woman. 
Feel bad, my kiddo is about to have a hernia trying to open the wooden jar of &quot;peas&quot; that do not open 
Feel better tomoe  sick times suck donkeyballs. In venice....eating cakes and having tea
feel blank and restless. B will be leaving tmr morning 
feel crap.... just like lost somebody 
Feel crappy but hey had fun last night....... Have to work at 3 
feel crappy today 
feel curious with Jason Mraz song but I don't know what the title of the song 
feel determined to get releases again i regret falling off after second day 
feel dpressed 
Feel extreamly ill, haven't felt like this in months 
Feel giddy when young people follow my blog, esp if theyre attractive art boys. However, I have a creeper. 
feel guilty, cos I got my LaLa all shaved...she looks now pretty sad... 
feel horrible  and its not even sunday!
Feel ill  and got a childcare exam today . .
feel ill  funny all since the rain started!
Feel kinda nostalgic today, miss Deadwood and Gilmore.  . Someone cheer p by mentioning a show as worthy of watching.
feel like a failure at the &quot;other&quot; family gatherings. awww 
feel like a junkie  i live in chronic pain disorder with fentanyl an morphin, that is not nice... it really sucks
feel like a mother :S taking lil EAn to the doctor  i had no cloth wearing my sis dress of when she was pregnt. :S fkk
feel like a party but...not gonna happen  
Feel like a right idiot - thought my final theory test was tmr when it was actually Tuesday!!! 
Feel like a right slumdog millionaire..jus not the millionaire part!Sooo not feelin up 2 workin on this beat  I hve my days!change my mind
Feel like a shut-in on days like this   I know we need the rain, but this is more like a monsoon!
Feel like a zombie, not enough sleep, too much snot blockage. 
feel like banging my head on the monitor here in front of me! there is a freaking #COBOL code that is acting up and fails to behave! 
Feel like complete crap but no leave after the operation 
Feel like crap  waiting for J so we can have lunch
feel like crap 2day  I guess I just need 2 pray I am in Church
Feel like crap because I'm so tired   hate midnights.
going to bed shortly, this weather has me feeling like crap, like a ten ton weight is sitting over my head &amp; holding my eyelids down 
Going to bed so I can get up early for dentist appointment 
GOing to Bed Soon! Nay Nay Is kinda Tired..Mind Racing..really Annoying..needs to stop!!! 
going to bed soon. soooooo tired.. ears are doing weird pressure thing, throat feels weird.. Hard to breathe.. 
going to bed soon... epic failing my global test tomorrow, verizon to get my new phone, then chambers... ugh. 
going to bed soon...waking up at 6 AM to leave for georgia...gonna miss ponte vedra and hanging with the family!! 
going to bed to be woken(?)  into my last vacation day 
going to bed to rest my second degree sprained ankle 
going to bed tomorrow long day first school then working... 
Going to bed too late again. Back to school tomorrow for Rhiannon. 
Going to bed very upset  in which i normally wont do but I dont  have any other Choice..Sometimes its just out of ur hands...
Going to bed way to late. Work in morn 
Going to bed WAY too late! Hopefully I won't have to cry myself to sleep tonight 
going to bed with a headache 
Going to bed with ice on my ankel. It hurts 
going to bed with some EJD -- I think I am almost done with the invite! looks great. still disappointed with my situation 
Going to bed working in the am! Hopefully 
Going to bed!  Gotta get up early to say goodbye to my mom, brother, and Nick 
Going to bed! I'm dying over here! Dozing off every two minutes! Work at 7 am spot again tomorrow 
Going to bed! Love being home wish i didnt have to go back on Wed  xoxo gnight
great day of de-tiling the floor! Started off atom by atom, but then finally got chunks off! Praise the lord! Got blister though. 
Great day of shopping! Wait what?? That really doesnt sound like me... I miss my guitar  That's more like it
Great day till i lost my phone 
Great day to close out the visit w/ my friends that began on Apr 25. Sad to see it end!  Lots of good times and stories though.
Great day to leave my umbrella at home 
great day today  im falling again  i can feel it   listening to some queen at the moment  soooo tired 
great day today- scored the penthouse upgrade, got homework done 6 days early, got my to-do list done, only thing missing is @davidyack 
great day until i got some bad news 
Great day yesterday, stuck in work today 
Great day.  Great date with Mela, Max and Ermas, and a great rocky show where people said I was a great Brad.  Hooray!  Now for work at 8 
GREAT derby party, however, yesterday was horrible, I hugged the toilet all day 
Great dinner at Rocca last night for Kate &amp; Mike's rehearsal! Too much prosecco though 
Going to bed, again with my book. My burn hurts  - C
going to bed, and my new iPhone is still in the 'Prepared for Shipment' state.  perhaps the morning will bring the magic shipped email
going to bed, been doing work and I am too tired to continue 
Going to bed, have to wake up early tomorow 
Going to bed, have to wake up very early 
Going to bed, hopefully this flu will be gone in the morning... 
going to bed, i fail at cooking with tofu, although yes man was slightly entertaining so that's a plus. work tomorrow 
going to bed, i feel so sick!  Night xx
Going to bed, interesting night avec sylvie, nick, alexx, et others. I got kicked out of Wildwood Highlands wow, pens sucked 
going to bed, more bar study tomorrow 
going to bed, school  tomorrow   later alligator  x
going to bed, school tomorrow  goodnight
going to bed, so tired i cant think strait 
Going to bed, strangely feeling quite nauseous 
Going to bed, Then getting up at 7 to goto an all day cemenar for work  Not stoked...
Going to bed, this weekend was great, can't wait for the next one, although i am working for 4 hours on saturday 
Going to bed, to tired to watch end of movie 
going to bed, work at 6am. have to be up by 4:45. blah 
going to bed, work in the morning  goodnight!
Going to bed.  I have to get up early tomorrow for math exam 
Going to bed. Babysitting tomorrow. Maybe I'll try to sing again. Uhhh. Softball game killed me. We lost by one. ONE! It's all my fault 
going to bed. cant wait to wake up and greet the day with a sunny outlook and an overwhelming need to do things for others.  its hopeless.
Feel like crap. 2, maybe 3 hours of sleep isn't good! And i'm back in work 
feel like crying now... the deadline is by noon 
Feel like crying. All the work I did on Thursday and Friday has to be redone 
feel like crying. ily @gabrielle_alma! jc cut his hair..the way i dnt like it  hes an amazing singer but my obsessions fading.
feel like death yet still have to go to school 
feel like eating daal rice.. the plain daal rice, with just salt and lots of nani - ke - haath - ka - achhar.. Damn I miss her 
Feel like go to bed. Just a lonely eveing, I should have stayed in Vï¿½sterï¿½s... 
feel like going to jusco for my toner-hunting but i have no one accompanied 
Feel like I acheived a lot today; shame no one gets just how much 
Feel like I bombed my final 
Feel like I haven't slept in days  come back to me
feel like i'm about to have a panic attack and I have no idea why 
Feel like I'm getting sick  I hope not...time for Motrin, soup and a nap.
Feel like I'm going to drop from exhaustion. Grocery shopping with my mom nearly killed me. Still need to put groceries away and showerm 
feel like im gonna cry, tis possibly the longest i've spent apart from him since we've been together. miss him so much 
Feel like I'm gonna throw up again for the 10th time! Don't know what's wrong with me this morning. Cabbing it to my bed right now 
Feel like Im missing a limb or iono... Somethins not been right for a few weeks. Hittin the sheet tryna figure it out one more again 
Feel like I'm ready for bed again but going to try &amp; stay awake till 10pm. What a party animal I am 
Feel like in the poker game of life I've flopped a set and life has caught runner-runner flush. Sigh. Just don't understand 
Feel like I've been hit by a train...I wanna fold over and cry..and I'm NOT a fan of 8am classes, nor the 20 minute drive to get there. 
Feel like my whole world just crumbled  soo sad.. Going to visit tanyas family now..  I have no idea how I'm going to keep it together
feel like shit right now  just woken up. dont know wat im gonna wear to skool tomoz 
Feel like shit!!! Vacay is offically over!!! Gotta work today! 
Feel like shit.  its only getting worse.
feel like somebody is stabbing me in the back of the neck 
Feel like someone has shoved a hedgehog down my throat  just want to sleep!
Feel like the plague. I'm available for time and nobody wants to spend any with me. 
Great dinner. Off to a bar for drinks with my sailor friends. Sailor moon friends. No, just sailor friends. Ok - Regular people. 
great doo, food is posh portions 
Great Eurovision party, shame aout the migrane- didn't make it to the end of the songs  Car shopping today tho!!!
great even more shit flying my way with work 
Great final send off for Aughghgh tonight @ rock bottom. Damn man..we'll miss you. 
Great first impressions about the little netbook- they only downside is there is no access hatch to upgrade the RAM 
Great game of tennis even though i lost  Argue-1 Kuhn-0  good start to the 09 tennis season for mikey.
Great grandpa just died! Extremly sad! Cry it hurts alot! God help me through this pain. 
great have to be at school for all the #e3 presentations 
Great I can't log on to sub version  need to commit stuff
Great I go to the beach for the weekend and the first day I think I'm catching the flu 
great I got a give over my geisha tattoo.. it hurts so bad 
great i have school tomorrow and i have maths pe science french english and geography and i have to get up early i acctualy hate school 
great i work tomorrow too 
Great iam geting sick  takeing a sh0wer  (DIE OR DANCE)
Great im never getting internet again. Now im stuck to check everything on my phone forever  &gt;:[ ughhh!
great its raining! 
great its raining.  No photos today.  
Great its sunday and im gna miss the new jonas ep 
going to bed. golf tomorrow. assuming weather holds off. big lake salmon fishing postponed for a day to come... 
going to bed. gotta work all weekend 
going to bed. i hope i don't cry agian tonight 
going to bed. i'm a lame-o with a 6am job. 
Going to bed. I'm having another one of those unsure moments. 
going to bed. just realized that it was 2am...   5am is going to come quite quickly.  ZZZZZ
going to bed. kinda sad cuz i didnt get to talk to sam before i went to bed but oh well he said his battery was dying 
going to bed. listening to kill hannah  ill miss jonny, but at least hes happy and still making music so ill get a chance to see/hear him.
Going to bed. Missing out on all the parties cause i gotta work. 
Going to bed. No Iphone 3.0 update 
Going to bed. No more goose 
Going to bed. Nothing better to do. 
Going to bed. Only one day left... 
going to bed. ooh Im so sick 
Going to bed. Resting with my sick boy. Poor baby 
Going to bed. So tired  &lt;3 Night!
Going to bed. Soooo tired,have a quiz 2morow, havnt studied  http://twitpic.com/7lps0
going to bed. spanish regent at 9 tomorrow 
going to bed. starbucks in the morning, then school 
going to bed. what a looong day that alarm is going to ring too soon for my walk 
Going to bed.. Alone.... Again......       but I am listening to NKOTB
going to bed.. early (?) haha but IÂ´m not sleepy  buuuu tweet ya tomorrow!! good luck...
Going to bed.. My neck hurts  boo.
going to bed.. wake up at 5:30 AM to babysit .. not a fun week 
going to bed... boys suck... serriously 
Going to bed... Class in the AM and work in the PM  California, I am doing this for you!
Going to bed... Gotta work in the morning...  good night twitters!!!
Going to bed... last night in BsAs  ...
going to bed... too tired after being standing up 4 2 hours saying hello to old ladies.... 
Great just seen weather severe warning heavy thundery showers tonight not happy!! 
Great long-weekend so far   Going for a run now - no Judo tonight  Then off to Blue Water for some &quot;Retail Therapy&quot;
Great lunch with Dave &amp; Rach McG, wonderful people!.. gunna try &amp; rest a little before 6pm service... still gotta do the laundry 
great morning everyone.  too bad it's gloomy when i'm not in the office.  #fb
great morning shopping in harrods, now off to the ivy..Wake up!! you silly cow!! stop dreaming and go to work 
Great morning with mom! I love pumpkin bread. So sad Jon is missing the snow he wanted so bad!  Hurry home, Jon.
Great morning, last night was fun. Show today in Bristol, Steeles Creek Park at 11:45 to 7pm. $10. Wish my dad could follow me on twitter 
Great my keyboard is broken  We have a spare thankfully
great news: my mom is pregnant again and its going to be a girl! I'm so happy my 2nd sis :~ ok ok I'm felling old now! 
going to bed....been a long day...gotta get ready for work tomorrow.....there has gotta be something better out there. 
going to bed....feel llike shit..hope i don't miss work tomorrow  
going to bed...got to get up early. 
Going to bed...gotta get up in three hours  ur supposed to sleep in durring the summer...WTF!?!?!
Going to Bed...My Tummy 
going to bed...please pray the pup sleeps tonight.  
going to bed...studying allllll day tomorrow 
Going to bed...very weird without @gabebourland. 
going to bed...with NO sexy time UGHHH! 
Going to bed..gotta b at work at 6 in the morn.... 
Going to bed; paul will wake up at about 7am  good night. Fï¿½rchtet euch nicht.
going to beddddd!!!!!! school tomorrow!!!!!! 
Going to bed---long day...dead hamster &amp; more  Blame myself. Need to read and crash!!
going to breakfast for the last time in conneticut 
Going to brush off the cobwebs from around my front door, in preparation for tomorrow's bday party. Damn spiders. 
Great night last night in the Porterhouse. Lost my phone though 
Great night last night, now the morning's here and I'm attempting to gobble down some breakfast while chugging coffee as I wait for work 
Great night serving at church.  Great kids, great families, great friends to serve alongside!  Now if only I could have gone to service 
GREAT night with evetta and shane  Gay movie though..  can't wait to get my toes did tomorrow  hahaha by the way no more monsters for me
Great night with my girls tonight! So sad I had to say goodbye to kayla for a month!! 
Great night with some truly great friends, now off to bed for a nap-getting up at 530 
great night wonderful company pity l felt so poorly  lets try again tomorrow xx
Great night, awesome morning, and now I'm back to work. 
great night.. not such a good morning, since i have to study n i really dont want too! 
great now i hurt my back! 
Great now my mom is sayin that i get to go to the doctors to let them check my back today!  can this day get any worse??   My love baybay
great party last night. broke my dads camera though 
Going to buy a bike, cause my friend's mom ran over my old one 
going to buy new cloths...its only 9 and like 110 degrees out side...   
going to buy new phone my phone snapped in half 
Going to buy some frozen peas for Ricky Hatton 
going to call pizza hut delivery for lunch. nobody is at  home 
going to camp!  I hope we do something fun. This is the day before the last day!  I DONT WANT IT TO END! 
Going to campus all day  bye
going to check and make sure no more fishies are dead. poor fishies 
Going to check on my children later on.. I'm so sad I'm gonna have to leave them now  had such an amazing time!
going to Chennai 
Going to chill out @ Arne's place. The @ is seperate, since he doesn't tweet 
Going to Chinese General Hospital for a general check-up. I'm so nervous! 
Feel like throwing up. I think I'm getting sick  And my eyes are all ichy and teary, and my nose is all sniffy. Gah!
Feel like writing really badass death scenes right now. Alas, I need a plot first 
feel likee death warmed up  going to try sleep it off.
Feel myself getting sick....ughh not cool. Jake leaves thurs 
Feel neeeeked with my phone deadski....   but at least Black Eyed Peas are keeping me pumped!
Feel pretty crappy this morning, but loads of work on, so no chance of a relaxing day. 
feel quite ill actually... lack of sleep surely can't help 
Feel really awful, in several different ways 
Feel really sick today 
feel really sick...the heat is too much 
feel rough &amp; missed the boxing last night (or this morning) 
Feel rough as fuck. Don't know why though 
feel sad for my upcoming week 
feel sad when i was reading nadia chan's blog about her grandfather, which reminded me about my grandmother 
feel sick  bleeeuuughhh...eaten too much chocolatey stuff...
feel sick  cant wait until this night is over, tomorrows a new day!
feel sick  want to sleep. must revise :\
feel sick as a dog...shouldn't have taken those shots of brandy last night 
feel sick, pringles and coke wasnt a good idea 
feel sick.  ate too much icing.
Feel sick. Eaten so much crap 2day that I want no sympathy.. donuts, crisps, biscuits, them chicken things that turn u in2 lions.. ugh! 
Feel sick... going to bed. Hope things are better tomorrow. 
feel sick...why do i embarrass myself like that 
feel sicker  Doc tomorrow. going to try to get some sleep
feel so disconected and lonely 
feel so down right now 
Feel so empty right now  and upset about my D.R. Trip. May have to cancel it
Feel so rubbish two cack night sleep in a row 
feel so sad  david did not reply to me 
Feel so sad cos Phily's ship isnt coming in tonight after all 
feel so sad that none of my friend are in twitters 
feel so sick  head hurts too.... damn you artificial heat and very strong perfume! yes im strange, i know :L
feel so trired this morning, and have so much to do 
feel so upset of the recent Biology test 
Feel so weird this morning 
Feel so weird! Stomach hurts.  tests are over! Finished school for 2 months!
Great race i'm hearing but i don't know for sure my tv has broken i can listen to tv but can't see 
Great relaxing weekend! Back to school next weekend 
great ride this AM but 45 miles of hills = tirrrred. Plus-my pinky doesn't work any more?!  Nap is surely in order today #fb #squarespace
GREAT RUGBY! until it got to Earls. Oh i was expecting so much from him!  #lions
Great Saturday !! Regular Sunday   smh.
Great season Nuggets...it's hard to give the lakers props so I won't....sorry Melo 
great shampoo leaked in my bag 
Great show Guys! Although I am really tired and ready for bed! lol...My feet are hurting 
Great show tonight. I got the sad news out of my head for awhile...but the second I walked out of the venue I thought of Bill 
Great sleep,just great. Arghh...   2nd night when i cant sleep.. 
Great the outer head thread on my tripod has sheared off &amp; is stuck inside my ball head 
Going to church in 15 minutes! 
going to church l8r then to cut grass in the blistering heat.    then swimming!!  yea.  
Going to church with @jimboruski, visiting my mother, and then work. 
Going to church, no matter the reason, always makes me depressed.  going home to stew in my backslidedness.
Going to church. I have so much sleep to catch up on, and english homework. 
going to church.. 
going to church... anne is not preaching   but i have been toldto anticipate a good time.  time to be on my best behavior! ;)
Going to class  whyyy did i take a summer class ?!
Going to class with less sleep than I would like.  I hope I don't try to catch up instead of learning... 
going to classes, boring 
Going to clean up the workshop 
going to clean, and then get ready. adios peeps. text/twitter me. whatevs you want. i miss last night 
Going to colins graduationnn 
Going to college!! Again! This is how all my days start! Lol i want to sleep 
Going to columbia... Not for any fun though 
going to copy the booklet for exam!! I really hate exams 
Going to corp VPN so that's me offline 
Going to court again! 
Going to court sux! 
GOING TO CRAPPY SUMMER SCHOOL.... 
Great time at Highlands, great lunch, now Becs to &quot;Ireland&quot; meeting, Mike and I doing yard work   Missing Andrew, bet he's not missing us!
Great time at southcom going away last night. Going to miss these great people 
Great time at the wedding on Saturday...even though I fell down the stairs and now my legs are all bruised 
great time tonight at the Mini-UP with @theupexperience @cwelsh @gracerodriguez @anjuan @rotkapchen. No wi-fi @ Houston United Way  #UP09
Great to meet @dominiqueb and @knitpurl but missed seeing @jessestrada and all the other tweeters I was looking forward to meeting! 
great way to start the morning: walk outside in my underwear, see my crush at the pool naked &amp; asleep with some chick, didny get a soda 
Great weather here in LA...NOT! So much for my day at the beach. 
Great weather!!! .... Not! 
great week for him to lose his phone 
Great weekend , now another week of work 
Great weekend in the K-Dub...round 1 of 2 overnights begins in 12 hours, see you in 3 days 
Great weekend of warmth &amp; sunshine but now it's Monday and supposed to be raining not clear blue skys and 25 c !! 
going to cry tomorrow  gonna miss everyone
going to cuba in 3 days !!  i miss every one !!  &lt;3
going to cut grass 
Going to dentist today 
Going to dentist..oh nooo..gue plg takut sm dokter gigi..wish me luck 
Going to dinner now. Pizza I think-a-dink. Ubububu. I feel ----&gt;  
Going to dinner w. Isi, hope she brings the tissues 
going to disneyland in a few hours with brother and dix! yay! but im gonna be missing the parade 
Going to do battle with rush-hour traffic tomorrow.....  not so much fun....
Going to do homework.. 
going to do laundry and so tired 
going to do more practice now, before going to play at a funeral 
going to do some amazingness by failing at grifball haha i actually win all the games, except for on virtua tennis four  that sucks ahha
Going to do some Maths Work 
Going to do study for my biology test! 
going to dollywood with shayla adam and jordann..i love you coach adams and i will miss you soo much... 
Going to download 3.0 if it's out. I'll wait till morning if it isn't. 
Going to drop my sister at church then out driving. 
Going to drop off my baby girl at her grandmas! Then gotta get ready for work boo   but do get paid!!! *..::Bz.F.VayVay::..*
Going to drop sky off by B's for the wknd.  I never realize how much I love my dog til I have to leave her w someone else.
Going to eat a birthday dinner with her friends then party! Woo!!! I wish I was in Dallas though. 
great weekend! birthday went out with a bang lol! back to college 2mro! 
Great weekend!! Missing belle house and I haven't even left yet    
Great weekend, BBQ, Camping and mates. Only let downs....Torrential rain while camping and eating too much meat, guts are in agreement!! 
Great weekend. Back to reality tomorrow 
Great Weekend... Back to reality 
Great weekend... Back to work 
great why did I even bother! Thanks mate 
great work load and my bloody machine is not accompanying me.....Its very frustrating 
Great! .... . . . .  . . . . but   I'm ocupied all week long so won't be taking much part on this event..  ...  
Great! @Daizz26 will disown me too!? LOL 
Great! I'm probably out of service for the next week  there better be good shows on TV!
Great! I'm sick 
GREAT! It's raining today 
great! now there is a tornado warning and two fire engines in the parking lot of the apartment! no sleep for meeee 
Great! Now, on top of being so tired, I feel sick to my stomach 
Great, bomb alert at work 
Great, essays. 
Great, I have to go back to the dentist tomorrow and they didn't even bother giving me pain meds 
great, I toasted a crumpet and then forgot about it... now it's cold 
Great, I've ruined dinner. 
great, looks like im on my own for lunch again 
Great, my dad's no even been back one week and he's away already 
Great, my girlfriend has got into a habbit of smashing very expensive glass objects  @rik_125 bery bad news.
Feel sorry 4 @Little_Man Had hard day.Told fib &amp; lost toys,books,&amp;went 2bed w/out story.Looked so sad.Asked if he could have his blanket 
feel sorry for my friend who has been scammed (sorry for my word) by XOOM..&quot;I am the Recipient&quot;  Bad Service! Now, i have nothing. 
feel sorry for my friend...6mnths chinook training for Morocco and boss turns round and says not enough Support Choppers so cant go 
Feel stupid running into the grill. Something else to fix 
Feel the it is kicking in . . . Noooo 
Feel the pain 
feel very bloated and revolting. have now eaten an entire packet of dried apricots to try to clear my system out  not fun
Feel very ill! Had to go out of church twice to throw up  bad pint
feel victim to the takeaway menu 
feel weird. think i'm allergic to the cake  felt bad for cutting through Miley's face (on the cake)
feeli like crap!!!!!!!!  just wanna go home
Feelin a bit..sick? Where'd that come from? 
Feelin a little blue tonight.. Love might be good 
feelin a little brainwashed. is all. sigh... 
Feelin a little ignored tonight...fml  http://myloc.me/2lde
Feelin alil betta but not 100% yet.. My poor cars hungry and I can't find anywhere to take it right now for an oil change 
feelin alil sicky   gonna relax a bit then hit the gymmmm!
Feelin bad 4 evy hoping its allergies and not the start of a bad cold 
feelin better, miss my lovely family already 
feelin booored........i m missin a celebz!!!! i wanna meet them any way\!!!! 
feelin culturally, artistically, and personally stifled...this doesnt feel too good 
feelin dead! packing up 
feelin depressed...i wanna go n show support, but im so tired w/feelin hated and not havin nobody tru. 
Feelin down &amp; idk what the REAL problem is 
Feelin good rite now. Poor Tom from Ohio yakin up a storm 
Feelin good! Yoga then exercise then parties. I've got three to get to. Probs gonna miss one 
feelin' hella sloooow right now.oh goodness could you imagine if just a couple things were different I would be somewhere else right now. 
Feelin kind of icky  thai not as good as I thought it would be
Feelin kinda blah. I have a bit of a headache and I'm missing Tony 
Going to eat at McAllister's so i'll have to wait until 10:30 to see the MTV Awards  but I won't die. I don't think 
Going to eat at Two Senorita's for Jeremy's goodbye! 
Going to eat lunch with my friend and brother, Vince Farrell, for the last time before he moves. 
going to eat then more unpacking! im almost done even tho half ove my stuff is at fams in vero  but ill get it at the end of this week!
going to ellees &amp; then jessies Grad Parties. rainnning too ... so sad 
going to Embassy tonight, for anyone out there. @blitz101 sorry to hear ur not coming 
going to encounter im excited! but not to say goodbye to my adorable grandma 
Going to enjoy doing as little as possible tomorrow (today) but why oh why did I book groceries for 8-10am slot 
going to ER - my leg and foot are swollen and tingling - not good - i'll keep you updated tweeps! 
Going to explore my new city. I'm 8 miles from the centre and would love 2 walk in but fear my poor feet will struggle. Collapsed arches 
going to fail 
Feelin kinda lonely without my bestie 
Feelin kinda nauseous.... I hope it wasnt the grits!! 
Feelin kinda sad today.  Don't know why, just feel blue.  Hope the day gets better  
feelin kinda sick, wana go home...  4 mo hours to go!
Feelin like a lame cuz I didn't wanna take da rental car 2 da club... Car + No rims = &quot;NO - GO&quot;   Damn Pogressive it doesn't take 3 w ...
Feelin like a pot bellied pig. Just ate a slice &amp; a half of pizza. Ugh!!!! No more food!  lol. Gym time at 9:30 though! Bout time!
feelin like a zombie searching fot travel bottles. soo tired and still need a shower too. ride to the airport wont be fun 
Feelin' like doody today ugh 
Feelin' like I have the fever and I have a meeting in a few 
feelin like shit 
Feelin like shit today!  wish I can stay sleeeeping
Feelin like shyt today 
feelin like sittin back and chillin a bit... damn why no StarFucks Or Gloria'sFuckedUpJeans around to buy a nice coffee... wheres my baby 
feelin lonely 
feelin pretty fckn weak rite now. uhh. gta get over it. 
feelin prety rough today. no beers last night either. typical, get sick at the weekend &amp; be fine for work monday 
Feelin really sad today.. My bike's engine got seized... No oil..  So gotta wait til Sat to get my bike ! DAM !
feelin really stupid for listenin to m,y older brother now all i am feelin is pain 
Feelin really unloved right now 
feelin' sick, missed out on Conan  Are there any reruns coming up?
feelin sick.  can't slow down though...school, other school, rehearsal, tennis match, rehearsal again.
feelin slightly hungover, family all drinkin wine, turning me slightly 
Feelin slighty crap today.. 
feelin so ill right now 
Feelin so Obeseeee 
Feelin so sick its dumb.  http://tinyurl.com/o6glqr
Feelin some heartache right now 
Feelin that nasty acid reflux  yucky. I hope I can make it to class early enough to get some work done. Good night.
feelin this kanyeeezy song hey mama the grammy version... aww it makes me wanna eat some ice cream in the dark   i love it!!&lt;3 god bless!
feelin uber bad about the death of my child hood hero. Does anyone remeber Kung Fu Masters? R.I.P Cane 
feelin under the weather! jus wana lay down and cuddle!!!  
Feeling &quot;fatigued&quot; today. I'm already in bed.     ~One Blessed Sista!~
feeling &quot;ify&quot; again.  Back to work.  Hope I can handle it. 
Feeling &quot;sexxay&quot; is important to me, @FunyGrl.  But lately I feel that way maybe 5% of the time.  
great, my youtube stopped working in the middle of the new WOWP episode 
Great, now I have &quot;He Could Be the One&quot; by Hannah Montana stuck in my head. 
Great, now I have to go to work!  
GREAT, now Mary J. is singing my life...&quot;No More Drama&quot; ugh. Throwback theme song from middle school! 
Great, our flight from Philly to NY just got delayed by 1 and a half hours. 
Great, power is out  I guess it is time for bed.
Great, rain in London for Friday and the weekend, just what we all need  http://tinyurl.com/d9kduy
great, sick before the big day 
Great, so now according to two co-workers, I'm running a fever. 
Great, sore throat and beginning of a cold just b4 physics exam 
Great, they've just pulled out the guitar and bongo drums. Bongo drums! Kum-ba-yah here we come. 
great, what an ugly day ! 
Great.  Son has strep throat.  Poor kid.   I will be repeating, &quot;I will NOT get sick.&quot; for the next 3 days....
Great. . .soOo i broke my laptop 
Great. An unauthorized transaction just hit my account. SMH. Personal phone calls to make. 
Great. First day of my 4 days off and its raining 
Great. Flt to Philly is delayed to the point I might miss my connecting flt home. 
Great. Forgott my keys at my parents. Now drove half way back to meet them. Stupid waste of time 
Great. Got sick in school, bdy ache + coughing + blood/vomiting = worst day ever. oh.. + lightheadedness &amp; shallow breathing  schl is EVIL
Great. I was updating my laptop bios and it died mid install. Now its a zombie. Fuck me 
great. im car-less 
Great. I'm not allowed to hang out with Vicki. My mom thinks she's a bad influence and that I &quot;want to be just like her&quot; 
Great. James is sound asleep and im the one That's wide awake. Why did we have to go all freaky friday?! D: i wanna sleep but i cant 
Great. Morris was so excited to see me he rolled in shit and killed a bird in the backyard.   http://twitpic.com/8dlbq
Great. My knee's gone out. Just in time for the weekend. 
great. my mom is pissed at me, so she sent me to the asbestos filled backroom 
Great. Now he's mad. Killed my mood. I wanna go home 
Great. Now i have a headache. Me duele en mi cabesa. 
Great. Now there's a cloud that's really, really dark grey right outside my office window. This sure has a lotta precip with it. 
Great. Should have learnt by now..just as im able to do bit more, i go+do too much coz im worried about my exams. Now feel v poorly again 
Great. The ferry that leaves on the Monday is booked. So if I leave tues I won't get there till thurs A.M. Morning of the festival start 
Great. The power is off. And I have wet hair that needs to be dried before date night with the boy.  http://tumblr.com/xcl1yxqtd
Feeling a bit down and depressed at the moment. 
Feeling a bit down and tired 
feeling a bit down in the old dumps 
Feeling a bit down this afternoon,  this is why i don't like Sundays!
Feeling a bit ill the last days  have my first dance lesson today.. looking forward to it, hope I'll feel better by then!
Feeling a bit low today, sent off tons of job apps but not heard anything  I need to get out in the sunshine I think!
Feeling a bit melancholic today. Probably because I've been working too much. I'm nearly through the pile. Hope I don't collapse too soon 
Feeling a bit more human but still not slept yet 
Feeling a bit of anxiety... It's making me feel a bit queasy 
Feeling a bit restless tonight could do with taking the dog for a walk.  But I don't have a dog 
Feeling a bit rough today 
Feeling a bit sad about Evelina leaving us for a month. I'm gonna miss her. 
Feeling a bit sad and nostalgic 
Feeling a bit sad. Too late (again) to go to jazz festival.    http://www.festivalamschloss.de/    But it was a nice with the family.
Feeling a bit shit, gran is in hospital 
Feeling a bit under appreciated at the moment 
Feeling a bit under the weather this evening.   Mmmm I need a hot drink (perhaps with some Irish liqueur added).
Feeling a bit unwell this morning 
feeling a bit weird that the person that should care that im gone for 3 days doesnt seem to care  Booooooooo
feeling a bit worse    @tyk505 probl not going 2 go tomorrow...
feeling a bit wrong today, think J's bug has finally got me 
feeling a hell of a lot better but I dont wanna go to work 
feeling a lil blue cuz my lil sis flew back to NY today, she may drive me nutz but I miss her plenty 
feeling a lil blue right about now.... 
feeling a littee bogged down with everything I need to do today! 
feeling a little 
feeling a little  . i wanna cry. i just heard no boundaries. i didnt listen to kris today. i miss his voice.. hawwww..
feeling a little bad about having to put gizmo in the kennel alone tonight   hope he's okay...
feeling a little better , not 100% . i hate feeling like crap 
Feeling a little better since I know lunch is soon. Still feels like I have to do everything myself 
feeling a little better then yesterday! my jaw is still killing meeee! 
feeling a little better, hoping he understands.  probably going to try to sleep.  i hate not having someone to talk to. 
Great. There's nothing to do and I have a whole 20 minutes left. 
Great. We r about to spend money. We want a movie projector 
Great.! Software policy uninstalled Trend Micro slow virusscanner! Unfortunately Symantec has also been installed as an alternative 
Great... Now it's raining outside. 
Great...Boy Problems Suck!! 
Great...now I can't unfollow some people! 
Greatt .. I Have Piggie Flu And An Exam Tomoro  So Ill Get Blamed For Making All Of Year 11 Sick ..
greatttt still got art to do and I've lost my glasses!And schools tomorrow 
Greattttt music &quot; I don't wannna loose your luv tonite .  I just found out a friend frm the 805 passed away 2weeks ago 
greeeeeeeeeeeat  this summer i have four classes...if you know me...u know why  
Greeeeenday are coming to NZ. Guts i cant go 
Greek cafe down the street closed 20 mins ago 
Greek place? Then pavillion! Then back to peaches!  Missing my boo 
Green day is sold out......?  
Green Day is trending? They were my all time favorite band until American Idiot. Their latest album doesn't impress me either 
Green man at the midsummer festival. Not sure if he is supposed to be a green man or jack-in-the-green though  http://yfrog.com/5fcbgj
Green night!  Woo that was rockin! But we got sprayed  But it's okay. We met a hot guy. (pedo?)
green tea with lemon..YUMMMM!!! Wish I had peach detox tea 
feeling a little blue.....  
Feeling a little ill this morning but with everyone out of the house, I'll just have to look after myself 
feeling a little less sick now--but still queasy and dizzy  HELP
Feeling a little lost right now. 
Feeling a little melancholy after writing a poem on behalf of a lady who has just lost her Gran. 
Feeling a little nauseous...wish I was home 
feeling a little sad this morning. grandad is very unwell 
feeling a little shocked and sad about the airbus flight from Rio de Janiero to Paris  ... must get back to work
feeling a little sick hopefully i'll be better tomorrow for my earth science practical part of the regents 
feeling a little stressed 
Feeling a little under the weather at work today.. 
Feeling a little wierd. Maybe I am allergic to kangaroo! 
Feeling a long way from home. My grandmother is being burried on Friday and I'm not there to help carry her coffin 
Feeling a tad bit jealous of all the people going to the Garnier/Maybelline event! 
feeling a tad poorly, would someone bring me a nice cup of tea and some bourbons please - I'm the one hiding under the duvet! 
feeling a wee bit better.  Had to pass on all the chocolate that was on offer at work the day though 
Feeling a wee bit crapy just have upset tummy 
Feeling a wee bit zonked on painkillers...will be very glad to get home today 
Feeling abit disheartened now to be abit, thinking back on today, I wasn't half as good as I could have been...not good 
feeling absolutely horrid. slept 2.5 hours last night (if that) sore throat, fever, aches! &amp; im at work      wishing today would end now!
feeling all alone in a crowd because Mistress is not here  
Feeling annoyed &amp; pissed at other people's Dis-Respect &amp; Cruellness, to people they don't even know. What have we become people? Very sad 
feeling annoyed at myself! 
Feeling ashamed to be in Yorkshire. 
feeling at a loss again 
feeling awfully sick  but excited that i finally figured out where the secret park is actually located in daylight
Feeling bad about stressin'. 
greenfest  - yeahsophie: SUCKED IN. im tottess going hah it will be awesome. comic sans are playing... http://tumblr.com/xez1xi8ym
Greenhouse afterhours with Timmy Regisford &amp; James Savage?    I pick the wrong nites to be out of town!  #fb
Greens wiped out in Italy 
Greese trucks.. I can't be eating this...  New Brunswick, NJ
greeted her mom but got no reply yet.  http://plurk.com/p/su9xu
greetings from Hong Kong, my aus mobile doesn't work out here  but drop me a FB msg or +852 62047577. miss you all! xx
GREG D: You should have cried too :L You could have got through!!   I still love you Greg. #BGT
Greg Pritchard should have got threw to the final of britains got talent 
greg_vaughan awweee poor Greg  We need so see that on youtube =p Miss ya lots!
Grenade in Warren County turns out to be nothing. 
G-rentz tn.. No HillsFinale+MTVMovieAwards party w/@willArd + .. 
gretchen's moving to philly, time to find a new roomate 
Grey day dismay. 
grey day. Sinus headache. Ugh! 
Grey morning is killing my happy buzz  I wish it were sunny. Going somewhere soon, not sure where though.
Grey's Anatomy has ended must wait til next season. Boo  So You Think You Can Dance is back!  Yay!!
Grey's Anatomy made me cry 
grey's anatomy season 4!  I can't believe George failed his intern exam 
Greys Anatomy Season Finale Last Ni was ReLi Sad!!  Com'on Spain 2Mo Ni...Gud Luk Torres,Alonso n Villa!! Oh n D Rest Of The Team Too Haha
grggrg SOMEONES HACKING ME!  YESTARDAY IT SAYD A BAD WORD AND NOW IM BANNED,  NOW I CANT GO IN CP! IM LUCKY BECAUSE I HAVE THREE ACCOUNTS 
GRIDLOCK on my way to work y am I always late it never fails 
Grieving for #iranians #tehran #iran09 those brave people brutalized by Ali Khamenei and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 
Griffin saying he has not got in - commentators say sadly he may be wrong   #eu09
Feeling bad for Karlee   I love you !
feeling bad for our nanny. Her sister is leaving Canada today to get married and C already misses her terribly  So hard
feeling bad for ricky hatton, pity.  YEY FOR PACMAN!!!  U MADE US HAPPY AGAIN!!!
Feeling bad that I've been working since 9 and now the storms are getting BAD. Only 1 more hour and then I can get home to my poor puppy. 
Feeling bad that Taylor keeps falling whilst todderling around 
Feeling badmood today 
feeling better but theres an ugly storm outside, lightning super loud its scary!  summer in miami is totally crazy! spontaneous though! 
Feeling better guys..  Waiting for my friend to come and see whats up with my car 
Feeling better than I did before... still a little rough though 
Feeling better than yesterday, but am crabby from being up a lot in the night and am worried about work 
feeling better today still tired though 
Feeling better today, but still sick.  
feeling better today.... cough slowly dissapearing... bubba girl still sick though! 
feeling better...i think its starting to hit that the rest of my friends are graduating...what am i gonna do next year 
-Feeling better..hoping I don't get sick again  *sigh!*
feeling bit overwhelmed because of the EYOF mascot overdose at Koskikeskus, and sad because it's not the original 
Feeling bloated and slightly nauseous 
feeling bloody misrible because of the terrible newcastle score someone cheer me up 
Feeling blue again today. 
Feeling blue...stuck in house. I really dislike Sundays 
feeling bored and depressed  Model had to cancel last night --- so no shoot this weekend  have withdrawal symptons.. anyone wanna shoot?
feeling bored i wanna every one here @ my place 2 find a place of there own 
Feeling bored, after finishing all Pass tasks, and having no idea about what to do next. Only a day and a week left, unfortunately. 
Feeling bummed out today  maybe it's the rainy weather.
feeling close to dead. i hope i can sleep 
feeling cold and desperately need a hug.. 
Grill &amp; Chill postponed to next saturday  #badweather
grillin hotdogs for lunch..no honeys at the pool today 
GrimeStopper loss  client lost their job so we did too. Hope the quote later today turns into more work. Drowned my sorrows w a huge h ...
Grizzly Bear - Two Weeks. Junior Cert  The internet on a portable device is way too distracting. Learning English and Irish poems.
grls r having ruff day! 
grmbl, just wasted an hour on filling in my Selor-profile. I can't get that job  It's perfect for me! *sending email*
Groceries and schoolwork today - once the assignment is away that's course #4 done, about 6 more to go  
Grocery run at 11:45 pm. Stupid watching my back STILL after my brother was attacked a year ago.  F'n violent crime. *roving eye*
grocery shopping alone feels kind of awkward...i should have brought a buddy 
grocery shopping...  I'm out of everything... I'm bout to be bag lady. 
Grocery shopping.... Yeah   
Grocery then hw..too many projects 
Grooveshark: dead AGAIN 
Grooving to Metric, still packing my stuff up. Gettin a little sad i wont be in this cozy apartment anymore  on to new adventures i guess!
Gross Anatomy study session 
Gross first period pe block day 
Gross i just managed to spill red bull over my scarf! 
gross itss rainingg duringg summerr 
Gross. After having to answer phones all day now that I don't need to, when it rings I almost pick the line up!! Haah. 
going to farewell party for one of my best friends who is emigrating to Australia  wishing them the very best of luck tho :o)
going to feed the dog 
Going to finally clean up my agnes b. It's starting to look like a cheap $5 bag 
going to find my cat. havent seen him all morning 
Going to finish watching Reaper tonight. 2 more episodes! Im going to miss Sam and the devil... Wish there was Reaper 3, probably not 
going to football workouts in the morning 
going to fred meyer soon to get a new chain for my cross cause the first one broke 
Going to Germany. Miss my family.   Views great. No I did not steal that from my movie. It really is.
Going to get a battery. Someone came with me! I'm scared of autozone on my own! 
Going to get a chiropractic massage right after work! I'm dying!!! 
going to get a haircut 
Going to get a new puppy. Hope she is as good as my old dog 
Going to get a trim later, and my hairs already short.  Oh god, I wish myself luck.
Going to get books for class during the summer 
going to get dressed for work.  
Going to get in bed. I have a very early morning tomorrow. Not looking forward to that 
going to get my MRi.. omg some guy is following meeee 
Going to get my mugsho-- I mean passport photo taken 
Going to get my necklace fixed 
going to get ready for the day then i'm going to start homework 
Going to get ready nowwwww. My sister still isn't back from the doctors. I'm worried 
going to get ready to go out.. definitely cant be bothered when i've been ill all day 
going to get some sparkling water from the fride, and thinking maybe I shoudl watch some star trek or write, but... i dont feel like it. 
Going to get take out for KK and Ethan since the fridge went out. 
Going to get the baby her first shots. 
Going to get the Civic checked out tomorrow.  I think it might have the swine flew.  
going to get way way way wayyyyy too little sleep  getting up in 5 hours and that's an hour later than usual...
Going to give the rest of my puppies today to my nephew.  I'm going to miss Bruno and Popoy. They're the best puppies anyone can have. 
Going to give the twitter client Blu ( http://tr.im/jeay) a try as soon as I get home. Need .net3.5 and work PC doesn't have it. 
going to go ahead and say it: work sucks donkey dick today. I'm out of patience. 
Going to go deal with my car. Not getting the repairs done, since toyota is stupid! Let's hope it will drive. 
Gross. I didn't wash all the conditioner out of me air-hay. It's asty-nay.   
gross... Just saw Tara Reid outside Whole Foods! She looks as good as the photos in tabloids ...which is not very good at all 
Grosss. Feeling sick  around the house
Grotfang: Does anyone have any advice for defeating the shadow in kittycore BM? It keeps on blocking my healing 
Grou.ps is being totally lame. 
Ground zero is really sad 
grounded 
Grounded forever 
grounded this sucks 
Grounded till i clean my room. 
Grounded..  SUCKS
Groundedddd..missing tbs @burbankhays anberlin and eotc. 
group chat wit Gina and Shae all day yyayy!!! the day will do so fast! cuz i def wanna go home already 
Group ride this morning was more like group warm-up then leave me behind  Garmin elevation data looks crazy... just up, down, up, down!
growing up so fast!!  AND Joey and I are going to see Green Day in Orland in August! Section 112 or something like that (my dad is a party
grr  I hm &quot;overcooked&quot; my chicken..... (~_~)zZZZ g nite world
GRR .. English &amp; Science exam tomowah hate science  !!
Grr ... had to brak out the Rammstein today... not a good sign when that is starting and the day isn't even half over 
Grr @frealy has either disappeared off this planet or she is purposely ignoring me  or she has no credit, i shall give her the benefit ...
Grr got to go home and get an appointment at the hospital to see about having my operation again 
Grr i have to go to school soon and i feel ill 
Grr i put celery in my salad thinking it'd be good. that shit all got clumped together at the bottom of the bowl 
grr i want to hang with ali 
grr my dad pointed out my hairy legs 
grr my iPhone twitter app is acting up might have to switch from #twitterena to some other app 
grr so frustrating...have a gift card for a free night at the Glen Ellen Inn in Sonoma but whenever we try to redeem it they are booked!! 
grr some of the snobby private schools end for hols tomorrow and we still have a week... grr 
Grr sometimes the people at gordons are bitches 
Grr stupid login script aint working 
grr tmobile. it should NOT cost me $200 to get rid of you! 
Grr Why Wont My Tan Come Off ? :@ Blotches Everywhere  School Tomorrow Aswell :| Oh God ..
grr WordPress 2.8 broke my customized Versatility Lite theme 
grr!  i hate being damn near forced to go places.  especially to sit on a bus for an entire day just to sit in a house in podunktown, va  
Grr! I came upstairs with a really cool idea of something I wanted to look up online, and now I've forgotten what it is. 
Grr! I can't sleep and it's 320! I have an hour and 40 minutes til I work out!  
grr! Its almost 4am... Cnt sleeeep 
Grr! It's annoying seeing all my American friends talking about Up when it doesn't come out here until October. It's Bolt all over again 
GRR! Motomail just work already, I wanna start writing him. 
Grr! My dad is nomming all the internets with that damn Netflix box. There's none left for me. YouTube videos can't keep up on my iPod. 
Grr! Now I can't sleep!.. What else could possible go wrong?? Today is not my day is it.  Everything was fine till I woke up this morning!
Grr, being sick sucks bad, i haven't got to read the twilight series again like i wanted. im still not even halfway through new moon 
Grr, forgot I was wearing sunglasses, so they so fell off when I took my helmet off. Chipped the lens and took paint off. 
grr, I hate this never ending cold I seem to have, just can't get rid of it at all 
grr, my website is down 
grr, restaurant city is under maintenance 
Grr.  Have friend who is determined to massage me today (trade, he owes me). But he talks A LOT, bless'im.  Not in the mood, blehhh...  
Grr. I hate that anycall CF. Ga Eul, you made my heart jealous. 
Grr. I sleep on my right side and needed my left ear to hear my alarms. Nope. It's all stopped up. Might as well be deaf over there. 
Grr. I've walked half of this frikken SLC airport! Getting a headache 
grr. mgmt are playing in auckland but not coming here! who lives in auckland jeeeeezz 
Grr. My phone's broken. So i can't make or take calls and texts until I get it fixed. I'm on my mom's phone now. Perfect timing. 
Grr. Tried downloading pictures, my camera didn't like me &amp;deleted some of my pictures from @ZathainSicarius's graduation &amp;phillies game. 
grr. why is it sooo hot.. they pools too cold to go in 
Grr... arms are killing me after one session of badminton 
grr... homeworks... 
grr...anything cold irritates my fillings and causes me pain 
Grr...Fatboy Slim is out of the EDC Lineup. 
grr...i am so bored! their is nothing to do!  i have gone threw 2 phones in the past 2 weeks!!! and both their batteries died! it SUCKS
grr...storms. 
Grreeeaaaat.  Now I am going to have to give plasma tommrow. Oops 
grrh my phone (brand new might i add) keep just switching itself off and others are saying theirs does the same 
GRRR  the phone was off the hook the whole day and I thought the internet was not working.
going to go do electrical work on a sunday 
Going to go read for a bit.. Kesley still sick.. 101.4 temp 
going to go revise ICT, revising about policies + such is boring 
Going to go running...OH my GOSH, Can I just drive to the gym at least? 
Going to go see great grandma in the hospital. 
going to go see ms. seilor's show tonight  i wish i was in it though  i will be next year! i'm starting dance again this summer :]
going to go sit outside, my knees are hurting sat here 
Going to go swim laps...can't find my webbed finger glove thingys. Boo. 
going to go to bed. have to be up at 6:30am in the morning  and still have a headache from earlier, so having the hiccups isnt helping any
going to go to sleep cause he has to work in the morning 
going to go to vienna 22-26 June 5 days no youTube and no twitter  omg I wonÂ´t be able to stand that :S
going to go visit my brother  i don't do well with things like this....
going to go wash the dishes now. I had wanted to read some Harry Potter before bed, but I don't think I have time  oh, well.
Going to go watch Greys. Derek HAS to save Izzy!!! 
Going to go work out. Then meetings all day 
going to go worship in the park  see ya in Reno 
going to grab some pseudo food, then attempt to get this wordpress shit done. 
going to graduation ceremonies are kind but they suck 
going to graduation tonight..seeing al my peeps for one last time...but hopefully not 
Going to graduation. Very sadd  sittin with jelly! Funn. Listenin to music.
Going to GRANADA in motorbike ... The last time we tried to do this trip had to turn round and come back home because of heavy rain 
Going to hang out with my mammy..soo shreepy I misses my bf 
Going to hang with the boy at another bonfire in a little bit. He leaves for Arizona for two months tomorrow. 
Going to have a clearout and stick a load of stuff on eBay. Need tuition money  I discovered 2 more DVDs I bought and haven't watched :/
going to have a final night with my drill girls! i'm gonna miss them so very, very much 
going to have a laaame weekend 
Grrr @TheMaineNews_ doesn't let me get free ring tones cuz I'm sprint! ? What is this?  there was 25 FREE ring tones. Come on
Grrr a warm and summery weekend gone, now back to work again  I wish I had already holidays.
grrr bad hayfever day already 
grrr banks are too stupid!!!!!!!!! omg is aaaanything gonna go right ever?! miss you daddy   xxxxxx
Grrr can't center a div in Safari for some reason. Using width: 50em, margin: 0 auto;, works fine in FF but aligns left in Safari 
Grrr can't find some of my friends, frustrating! 
Grrr card board cut 
Grrr chase's new phone is dumb and won't receive my texts 
grrr code is not working and i don't see why  grrr and i'm cold *shiver*
grrr didnt catch #masterchef tonight... 
Grrr had to reinstall corrupted Firefox - can't remember all my add-ons   Zemanta, Delicious, Web Dev , Firebug - what am I forgetting?
Grrr Hangover  Havin a lazy sunday watchin skins and the gadget show on demand Yeah Bwoii!!!
grrr hate when i make careless mistakes on docs i give to my partner 
grrr i cant sleep, its midnight &amp; im not even tired!!! 
Grrr i got no credit on my fone 
Grrr I got school today  so don't wanna go in :@
GRRR I hate it when I woke up to early &amp;cnt go bck 2 sleep  sheesh. Well, since I'm wking up early think I'm gon' 2 wtch some cartoons.
grrr i have no internet coz it ran out  so iv snuck onto gran &amp; grandads for a second. hope i get it back on soon!!
Grrr I have to re-install wow because of a corrupt file!! no wow before work for me 
grrr i miss my lappy! Wish i could get a connection!  X
grrr i need to find a second job 
Grrr I wish I could have got to Milton Keynes today for the McFly signing  But I had to ring job people and be in when my brother got back
GRRR I'm hungry and there's practically no food in the house. Thanks mom. 
Grrr I've been teething for the past few days. I already have enough teeth, thank you very much. Orajel isn't even working anymore 
Grrr katie and lisa how can you not like crystal castles and text me back goddammit 
grrr mum says shower or she wont make mii spaggetii  lol aight SHOwER TIME!!!!
Grrr my computer overheated right in the middle of the game. Now i forgot which word i was gonna make 
grrr out twit not working 
Grrr stupid external hard drive isn't working!!! Well now I gotta get all my shit off my iPod and start again 
grrr the feed just jumped backwards to the first part -- no longer live 
grrr the twitter thing wont upload my picture  stupid thing, so im just an X in a box atm 
Grrr they don't have the awesome last track either  : &quot;Finally, as That Blazing Sun Shone Down Upon Us, Did We Know That True Enemy Was...
grrr tied down with exam study!!! 
grrr twittter wont work form my phone 
grrr Vista install not going well. Boot record corrupted after reinstalling drivers. Start again 
feeling crapppyyyyy.. just found out not heading home for the long w/e as planned! 
Feeling crappy. Think I'm sick. 
Feeling CRaptastic today  And its so pretty outside.
feeling crapy today 
Feeling cut off from tweetworld..not had a single tweet to my phone today 
feeling damn sleepy after a heavy lunch...also played 4 games of TT didn't quite helped 
Feeling dangerously depressed tonight...feeling like summer has slipped away 
feeling dead shitty...back ache!!   
feeling depressed   its my own fault. 20's filled with bad choices are really catching up to me now.
feeling depressed without reason 
feeling discouraged today, extremely gloomy in Chi town... 
feeling dizzy since lunch. Man I haven't even been on a videogame rampage or anything  Better go to bed before my mind goes dakota
feeling down 
feeling down  i hate going to bed feeling upset.
Feeling down ...  ... or ... FEELING CRAZY 
Feeling down :\ Going sleep, maybe tomorrow I see the things in other way 
Feeling down after a phone conversation; feeling utterly helpless! 
Feeling down lately.  Well, since I got back here in Cebu. 
Feeling down today. $$ worries suck! Maybe I need another zumba class 
Feeling down, must be the awful weather 
Feeling Down... 
Feeling emo on how my friends have tickets to see Taylor Swift in concert while I don't 
feeling empty 
Feeling even crappier this morning. This virus is really kicking my ass.  I don't remember ever being so sick. ugh ;(
feeling exhausted after a morning spent tidying/cleaning the house and there's still so much to do 
Feeling exhausted despite getting more than enough sleep. Hate being here on my own, it makes me sad 
feeling extremally ill 
Feeling extremely extremely horrible 
feeling fat  major bad times but Apprentice tonight = good times !
Feeling fat today. No I'm not fat I just feel fat. I need to figure out what to wear. 
Feeling fever-ish  left work early. Booooo.
feeling feverish.... 
Feeling flat on a Friday night.  Horrible week ending with a whimper and not a bang. 
Feeling for @hardhatgirl who hasn't got her favourite sunglasses 
going to have a nap. and then dinner. and then study. chem test tomorrow. 
going to have a rough day tomorrow...everyone please please wish me good luck i still need it... 
Going to have a shower i smell like suncream 
Going to have a shower. My mom comes late today. 
going to have a tantrum cause it wont let me join mileyworld 
going to have an early dinner with my buddy.....going to think about my superman the whole time 
Going to have an early night, sore throat and the like 
Going to have dinner, then watching BGT - THE FINAL !! I'll be a couple of hours. @SaDcharlotte I bet Susan will win  SHAHEEN love him. &lt;3
Going to have some delicious pizza, and then to the dentist 
going to have some wine now i think., going to watch some little britain i think tonight. I am working tomorrow also 
Going to have to clean my suit 
going to have to go to bed drinking + no sleep = 
Going to have to go to work at the #ANU soon 
Going to have to nap! Hate napping but after a night of acting out in my sleep and waking up wondering where my arms went it must be done 
Going to help out in a local hospice soon for a class. So need to get some in-depth research done 
Going to hikari san's house. Yay i get to hang out with luca, taiko, and junna    oh wea and my sis
grrr work later 
Grrr! My internet will be up and running next Wed  at least now I have a def. Answer!
grrr! twitter is disallowing me from uploading a display picture! 
GRRR! Twitter is getting on my last nerve! 
Grrr!!  I've been online all afternoon!  Accomplished practically nothing 
Grrr, guess I'm not going out today, then  (rain)
Grrr, just put my lenses in for footie and having trouble reading off the screen now 
Grrr, shit Sony mp3 player isn't playing AIFF files! No music now, that's what you get for trying anything other than iPod 
Grrr, you guys at #phish are KILLING me. Wish I was there 
Grrr. Blogger editor has screwed my formatting 
Grrr. I'm awake! I hope I end up falling asleep again. I am extremely happy that my hangover is done-zo! 5pm-3am throwing up!!! Yuck 
Grrr. My internet is like uber-slow.  
grrr. So I bought the thing for the cell, but it's still the same so it might just be the cell itself after all. 
Grrr. The Kogi Korean BBQ Taco Truck is in Santa Fe Springs. So close, yet so far.  I wanna try it already.
Grrr. Work in 45 minutes. Rather stay home and read some more.  The positive....I'll get some In-N-Out for dinner on my way home. YEAHH!
Grrr. Zumodrive is not syncing with my itouch. 
grrr.. why'd i have to have soccer tomorrow? could've gone to wonderland. 
grrr... playtube doesn't want to work...  now i'm gonna cry.. xD
Grrr... so annoyed. Saw a fab dinner service in the charity shop for Â£5, sent @dalelane back to get it but he was about 2 mins too late! 
grrr....still in arlington...being lazy..and the rain doesn't help 
grrr....the issues u gotta deal with when there's multithreading 
grrr...i cant stop weezing, its making it so hard to breath...i need my inhaler! ow! i just burnt my thumb! 
grrr...so much to do still 
Grrr...The Dog Barked ALL NIGHT LONG...No Sleep For Me... 
grrrr  i didnt get to go to th carnival cuz my dad went fishing                                           grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! ...
grrrr  my iPhone is sat doing nothing right now 
grrrr going to the mall is dead  keeping it lowkey at home...looks like a boring night
Grrrr guess I caught Bean's cold ... feeling very stuffy ... not fun at all 
Grrrr hate when you order no cheese when at the drive through but your sandwich is  covered in it when you get home 
Grrrr I can't effin sleep too much running through My head... Wished I had sum money to make life better 
feeling frustrated because I can't come up with a great tagline for my website 
Feeling fucking sick all of a sudden! My poor hemogloban 
Feeling glad I'm not working tomorrow,  but sad as it's my last Friday off ever - I'm going full time next week 
feeling great one minute and not so great the next 
feeling guilty ,sadness and boring 
feeling guilty ... CDC teams working &amp; @ office. i'm off to a meeting in KK 
Feeling guilty for making @jpadilla_ edit the songs for the talent show  Sorry mi amor !
Feeling guilty that I don't have my TTIC available to post   Sorry girls!  Camera locked away in gym bag - will get it this afternoon!
feeling guilty,, padahal maksud gw ga gitu lohh,, 
feeling guilty... :|  
feeling gutted about my earrings  bit sorry for myself haha, have had to put the pearls and Juicy on together and its a bit too much bling
feeling helpless when pets are ill!  give my best to give them a great life...
feeling homesick 
Feeling horribly sick 
feeling hungover, again, and learning how to put a lock on my phone 
Feeling hungry again 
Feeling icky...  Just want to eat and go to bed.
feeling ill  Ugh  
Feeling ill  Wish I didn't because I would be on the field with my awesome friends right now.
feeling ill =[ my throat is still aching too  going to school..I just want to sleep.
feeling ill from the night out 
feeling ill i think its too much sun 
Feeling ill so no school for me today 
Feeling insatiable. Now i have OS 3, i want 3G S - wont happen though- Germany's T-Mobile makes us wait one  yr for upgrades. 
feeling isolated 
Going to Home Depot to get my computer desk then off to Best Buy to get an iPhone case that @eRock recommended. Then to Walmart 
going to hookah.. there is nothing better to do in pittsburgh when you're under 21  but sphinx is bomb.
Going to Hospital 
Going to implement sinbad's terrain as soon as we get the new framework to compile  Normal mapping &amp; blending: http://bit.ly/t1xTu
going to ipa  i still hate that class
Going to Jantaburi tonight. Big shooting for Thai Film &quot;October Sonata&quot; Will definitely miss this week #FollowFriday 
going to kakadoo today.. gonna miss you twitter  but should be fun. so pissed that im going to miss the short stack concert on 5th July 
Going to kill myself.. watching Drag Me To Hell 
Going to Kohls, Culvers, and then watergun fight again tonight ... So I'll be gone most of the day.. No twitts from me 
grrrr i dont wanna do this anymore! its taking tomuch outta me 
Grrrr I'm lost. I wanna hear this song that @karriedaway did that everyone is raving about. 
grrrr missin florida right about now 
grrrr my phone got cut off  lol forgot to pay the bill
Grrrr now I remember y it's best to go out early in Belfast  kellys it is not 
grrrr some little oik dirty dirty tackled my little bro and he got stretchered off 
grrrr to people who get paid tomorrow. i have to wait till tuesday 
grrrr to people who get said tomorrow. i have to wait till tuesday 
grrrr why cant blur come to la 
Grrrr why hasn't he asked me out yet? 
GrRrR! bRaIn PoUnDiNg! 
grrrr! the tv isn't working so i can't watch the basketball game! 
Grrrr! Youtube has been really slow and most videos I go to watch won't load. My internet is PERFECT but youtube isn't  Anyone else same?
Grrrr, can't book my flights online from Thomsonfly, there has been something wrong with their site for days 
grrrr, cant even enjoy this b-e-a-utiful day! have to finish that -damned essay for philosophy 
Grrrr, NO ONE has Ghostbusters!!! 
Grrrr. I *hate* it when Empire Total War crashes right after a huge battle! It sucks that such a great game is so unstable 
Grrrr. Im watching the Natalee Holloway Movie and the thing keeps freezing up. Damn Network. Just missed the end cause of it. 
Grrrr. Why does Twitter erase my Direct Messages? I had ones I wanted to keep 
Grrrr.. Its only tuesday... 
grrrr... my ipod screen is white!! u can listen to it and everything,but u cant see anything!! 
Grrrr... ran out of black thread and no green eyelets! Celtics bag #1 will not be complete till tomarrow 
Grrrr...... So gosh darn beautiful outside and i have to work..    *again*
Grrrr.....BIP circuit to Kerry is a pile of poo....I hate slow. 
grrrr....i detest comin in jcpenny's with my mom 
grrrr....i'm SUPER tired.  
grrrr...i can't change my pic... 
GRRRR...stoopid shop would give me a five pound note in exchange for coins 
Grrrr..tweegenius won't let me post my piccc 
grrrrr - cant settle down and work! 
Grrrrr fell asleep. He's pissed 
GRRRRR im soooo fucking IRRITATED right now... why why why... RAWRRRRRR...    He does even care how he makes me feel :'(.
GRRRRR im soooo fucking IRRITATED right now... why why why... RAWRRRRRR...    He does even care how it makes me feel :'(.
Grrrrr I'm soooo mad!! Why have I been awake for a freaking HOUR...two drunk idiots who no respect!! 
Grrrrr not happy and now sober 
grrrrr stupid internet is messing up 
grrrrr stupid ipod will still not update 
grrrrr stupid thing on computer keeps popping up so it keeps minimizing the sims 
grrrrr where is everyone??? enjoying the sun i expect! 
Grrrrr!  I'm missing the NHL awards.  
Feeling just a tad shit  Go away cold/sore throat!
Feeling kind of down. I can't believe I leave on Monday. 
feeling kind of homesick... 
feeling kinda guilty and bad. 
Feeling kinda nervous when there was a virus found on the computer 
Feeling kinda sick  I hate the feeling...
feeling kinda sick today 
Feeling kinda sick today. Hope it goes away before we head up to the bay area 
Feeling lazy today, not good that i have 2 hours coaching then 3 hours trainging tonight! 
Feeling Lied Too 
Feeling Like &quot;He's Just Not That Into Me&quot;  ...
feeling like a failure 
Feeling like a mom. Dropped the kiddies off to play &amp; now snuggling up with a good 'ol lsat book.  Boooo! Nooo @pleasurep for me 
Feeling like a train hit me 
feeling like an old lady..suffering lower back pains uhggggg. i guess it's PJ'S &amp; PILLOW TIME for me 
